[Intro: Scrufizzer]
Yeah, I'm not thinking, man, I'm not thinking
I'm just spraying dumb bars, blud
Cuh that's what mandem do, they spray dumb bars, you get me?
And they're not really spitting, and then you might follow them and think it's right, bruv
But it's not right, man should spit properly
You know why? Becuh you

[Verse 1: Scrufizzer]
Came in the game, made a career
All that hype's gonna last for a year
Somebody around me better tell Kane
That I'm really tryna kill it with the flow for a year
Do it for the gang but you've never been there
Man chat shit but I've never been scared
Now I've gotta move like D Double E
Cuh you think you're a big boy cause you got a beard
Anyway, flip that, I'm the big man
These MCs wanna stunt for the Insta
When I touch mic, I shake up the room
Like a big dutty bassline coming from Swifta
Yeah, I roll out, never take wristbands
You will get a fum mai yan sun den sun win sen
If you try diss man
Been doing this ting since Bully and Fix, man, ooh!

[Verse 2: Matix]
Matix, they're like "who's he?"
Run up on the riddim, then I spray like an Uzi
Weaponry? I'm not choosy
Her bum's flat? Still gave her 2D
Beef? I'll have you shouting "cut"
Like you're directing a movie
Robberies like George Clooney
Bound to be blowing up cause I'm unique
When I say the strap body pops
I don't mean break-dancing
Stick in the clip and start blasting
Squeeze it like a Ribena carton
Back it out, niggas are like rah, your twin
Has got a long nose and it's darkskinned
Soldier, warrior, spartan
My flow's - like I can't swim

[Verse 3: Scrufizzer]
You better make some sense
Dem likkle bars ain't worth ten pence
When I'm on the mic, MCs get kweng
I'll Kill Off Killy like H and Prez
Oi rudeboy, you better make some sense
Dem likkle bars ain't worth ten pence
When I'm on the mic, MCs get kweng
I'll Kill Off Killy like H and- ooh!
Bruise
Head get lick off the rasclart boat
How you gonna chat like you really want dough?
Any likkle ting, better pick up the cell for more
See me in a Beemer, see me in a coupe
See me with a white girl, puffing on the dope
Now I gotta move like Bugzy Malone
Cuh this year, I'm getting one million views

[Verse 4: Matix]
And if you intervene
Jack your team like say it's just meant to be
When I've left the scene
Leave no evidence for the forensic team
I'm genetically on the beef
Guess the shit is in my genes
I wouldn't risk it, B, you're pissed at me
Cause I murk artistically
Realistically, you think you're hard
But you're soft like biscuits dipped in tea
I be on road looking mischievous
I'm with the mistress, Celine
Look, I've got the listeners keen
True say, on tracks, I fling sixteen
When I spray like Mr Sheen
Your team will get wiped away clean

[Verse 5: Scrufizzer]
Chill out a bit
Tell that boy there fi chill out a bit
Yeah, you got funds, but you still live with your mum
Rudeboy, chill out a bit, so
Chill out a bit
Tell them boy there fi chill out a bit
Yeah, you got funds, but you still live with your mum
Rudeboy, chill out a bit
I don't care what your friend thinks
Tell your girl that her breath stinks
She said I tried move to her
But allow that, cuz, she's a dead ting
I mean, come on
Badman a move like ninja
I'll move like Wiley
Before I hang up the phone, I'll be like "I'll ring ya"
Yeah, I'm out to shine, I've got power like alkaline
I'll provide two shots for your pals to write
How can I be stopped? Never out of sight, out of mind
You flopped, how to write, you getting what I'm saying?
An original brudda, you gotta start to bite
I've gotta take this out tonight, that's right
Everybody coming, I'mma out your hype
But that's hot
Man are probably saying I'm gonna get blocked
Sitting in your bedroom, watching my freestyle
Telling your friend I'm what?
How about this, doing some work?
You're not famous, you're some nerd
I don't want a feature, I don't want a verse
Come to the ends, you'll get jerked
I'll be like woo! I hear man wanna do me
I'm on the ball like Wayne Rooney
About you wanna chat shit
I'll push your wig back like Kriss Akabusi
That is a dumb lyric, yana?