[Verse 1]
Why do I feel so low?
How can a nigga this young feel so old?
And man are claiming they're my cousin but I don't even know them
I got family in East but I don't even phone them
Reminiscing days when your mad ex-girl
Used to roll round town doing this, doing that
Even though I miss her a lot, I can't get her back
Anyway, I can't stress
I guess that I'm onto the next
Cuh even though I love her and I wanna hug her
I know another brudda is gonna fuck her knowing that I left
But that's how it goes
People with money want it just like they're broke
People that are broke want it just like the rich
Fuck that, I spend dough 'cause I've gotta live
You ain't gotta be clever to be smart, nuttin' don't last
So from my advance, I put money in the yard
Sleeping with the demon, talking to the ghost
My old man had to diss me so he had to go
What? And they didn't think I would blow?
Maybe I spat too fast for the last ten years
And you couldn't understand a word that I said
That's why I didn't blow

[Chorus]
We had to make the lane switch
Fizzy Flow, they tryna change it
I ain't saying that I need your love
I ain't saying that I need your love

[Verse 2]
The mandem are growing apart
Know say I can't tek this, check this
How can you be around man everyday
To the point that you don't wanna check me?
Tryna build something from a likkle fake friendship
Anna nuttin' cuh I ain't on a friend ting
Yeah, I've got problems, and I've got issues
'Nuff gyal say my heart cold like igloos
But you wanna put your trust in someone?
Get vexed when they let you down?
Can't let little things get you down
You think dem man are gonna rep you now?
That's garbage
Too much frames got you looking like a target
You can't put your eggs in one basket
So I'm in an E-class drive in Barnet
And everybody wants favours
And brudda, man, I ain't got the patience
I'm getting older, life starts kicking in, envisioning
Clocking the pattern, I'm seeing everything's different
I don't wanna be here in the next five years
Quitting? I can't, but now I get ideas
Not everybody's gonna buss, get signed for a year
Come around and get dropped, it's a lot

[Chorus]
We had to make the lane switch
Fizzy Flow, they tryna change it
I ain't saying that I need your love
I ain't saying that I need your love

[Verse 3]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, how you feeling?
Things ain't too bad
I've been working on getting a groove back
My style, none of you breddas can do that
So shut up, I've got the pump-pump for all you dumb-dumbs
Tryna bring it to me? See, I'm ready, so come, come
You already know that I'm on it
But fuck that, let me get back to the topic
Anyway, let me get back to the lingo
Anyting ah anyting or so the ting go
Reminiscing times when I never had shows
Doing grime, nobody wanted to book me, that's cold
And I feel like my manager didn't give a fuck
I don't wanna be his friend, I don't wanna ring him up
Filled with so many opinions
Everybody's telling me to leave but I don't wanna listen
Friends went quiet, didn't hear from my brudda
Last time I saw him was on the tour
Emotions flowing, my heart is gonna pour
Nobody helped me when I was crawling on the floor
Everybody wants money, and I'm sinking
In my own tears 'cause I'm barely blinking
Nobody's picking up my phone when I ring them
Got me- ahh!

[Chorus]
We had to make the lane switch
Fizzy Flow, they tryna change it
I ain't saying that I need your love
I ain't saying that I need your love