[Produced by MJ Cole]

[Verse 1: Scrufizzer]
Brand new wave, Fizzer, MJ
I'm the bossman, Perempay
Pioneered the flow ting, let's say
I'm the best here, nobody can't test me
Hi hater, bye hater
Coming and screwing your face, get a life hater
You ain't gonna bring me down like a bell
I told them "here's my hometown", Adele
Ooh, showed em the F you sign
If you come, I'm coming, I'm skipping the dead tunes, right?
I will never stop it, it's Fizzy, it's best you guys
Better run [?] Neptune's eye
Yeah, I can spit fast, but
Some of them don't understand
Let me dumb it down for the gang and
Tell you why I'm the man

[Hook: Scrufizzer]
My names Fizzler, Fizzler
What's my name? F-I double Z
I'm alive in the flesh, it's the guy from the west
My names Fizzler, Fizzler
They know I'm one-of-a-kind coming from grime
Might flow so you bubble the lines double the time

[Verse 2: Scrufizzer]
Prepare for the Spartan, alarming, sparring
When I'm barring guards and when I'm warring, yes
We're doing our ting, sharpening a bow and arrow so ragged
Hitting hard, no hassle, or anybody up in the booth
Either we'll go tackle them, I've been through
The pain and strife making hype, racing time
Killing the beats, aiming high, it's a cutthroat game
Watch out for the snakes, alright?
I'm doing my thang bruv, shocking everybody
When I'm spitting, I'm making your hair stand up
Something like 5000 volts going through your body
I've got the game shook like precidian [?]
More work for me, I can't stop
Enough of them are sending for Fizzy, they can't stop
We can do it whenever you're ready, I'm on it whenever
And we dead them off, then they can't test

[Hook: Scrufizzer x2]

[Bridge: Scrufizzer]
Yeah, function, X ray vision
Lazer beams I aim at peeps and burn your face and cheeks
See I'm at it with poor omen, deceasing opponents
With lightning bolts I'll be fighting folks like Gollum
Composing flows in an evil structure
[?] to the fiendful peep
Bruk out your ting, I'll make the evil speak
When the evil speaks, I'll come down on you
Rain on you fellas like say my name's Gary [?]
Throwing out fire beats, something like Mario
Ask Fabio, in a manner I'm [?]
And I've got shows like Bowser and Wario
That's if you wanna get technica yo
Intellectual flow's what I got
I flow so high, like say I'm a pilot

[Verse 4: Scrufizzer]
I clock so many fellas wanna copy me
Skipping on the riddim but they couldn't do it properly
Honestly, I'm so better than these wannabe rappers
Cause many chatters can't do it, upper body ya bredders
You see me? I'm so disrespectful
I would never copy your flow, don't get stressful
Bitches wanna chat up my chrome, get your kettle
'Nuff of you are living at home, better settle
Bad to the bone and still I am
Brill-i-ant, oh so heavy like [?]
Do you, I'mma be me, will.i.am
Don't matter if you dislike man
I will chase my dream till I get it, bro
Epic shows, hard work, effort knows
Make it known, switch it up, kill it with the reggae flow
It's Mr Scrufizz and MJ Cole

[Hook x2]