[Intro]
Yes, end like Fizzler
Back to back, they don't want it with Fizzler
Come on the set, get bodied by Fizzler
What do you think you dun know about-?
You don't wanna Fizzler, Acton Fizzler
Ealing Fizzler, Western Fizzler
Man better know about me and Fizzler
You don't wanna battle Fizzler (come on)
Bubuwoopwoop
Hear what I'm saying, Vendetta bumbaclart Gang, you know what I'm saying?
Man's fucking ball, blud

[Verse]
Man get signed, man get dropped
All funny till it all gets on top
I'll battle anybody when I run up on your block
Battle anybody, are you really on the job?
Can't run up on a nigga, I don't care about an op
Nah, I couldn't give a shit about squads
Cuh manaman a move like dog
I'll dududu stealth when I come to your ooh!
Magpie, never had a father in my life, I was gangbanging
Nobody in the manor was on it, it was like
Everybody in the manor was doing shotting, that's true
Never had a best friend
That's right, now you see me set trend
I was running wild in the west end
Dem times, I didn't wanna check rent
Cuh dem man tried diss me
Over some misunderstanding
But it's all good, I'mma holla at Candice
Still got lighties, still got brownings
Dem man are not ready for the lyrical language
If you've got an idea, brudda, better plan it
If I go east, I'mma holla at Jammin
[?] them mandem are family
Everybody's coming with the old school flow
Tell dem man that it's not double-O-five
If it was double-O-five
Then you would've got murked in double-O-five
Spat that bar in double-O-five
Remixed flows from double-O-five
Run up in the manor with the niggas and a Beretta
I made that one in double-O-five
And an encore, what you tek this ting for?
We a run through gyal summer and-a winter
Mi no beg friend so mi never linger
Jah know say mi is a deep thinker
From 19 How Long, say mi big 'bout here
Mi no pop pill, mi no tek coca
Dem boy could never come round here
From 19 How Long, say mi big like Guyver
Yeah, I do it for the team, don
It's not me that you wanna scheme on
Faithy just copped the ting with the beam on
Don't let him lift up the ting and squeeze on
Any likkle pagan, man better ease off
[?] and bring in Tanisha
Yeah, them man better know
That I'm still the king like Julius Caesar
I just fling on my shower man coat
Ring ring trap, brudda, I don't wanna know
Cuh these man there are getting boring
It's the same old shit with the same old stories
That boy's bad, that boy's greaze
That boy's on it, that brudda's got beef
Dem man dere got robbed by who?
And dem man dere don't want it with me
It's the same old story
How come everybody's telling me they're rich
But you're still living at home with mum?
Suck your dusty mudda like your dad did
Street life I don't wanna be trapped in
God knows that I see the signs
I wanna be ahead of my time, doing my music
I don't wanna be behind, cause that's long
You're not a badman, you're just an eediat
You're not a badman, you're just an eediat
You're not a badman, you're just an eediat
Oi my man, can you see that?
Don't get rude, try interrupt
Don't get rude or try interrupt
Don't get rude or try interrupt
I don't wanna hype up, I don't want a fuss