(Intro)
Alright
This one goes for Mr. Shawn Carter. I know you probably not listening, but, I'm gonna go for it anyway

Unh, Jay to the STE. to Mr. Jay to the Z
Just trying to find the place that you be

(Hook)
Said it's not Mr. Jay to the Z, but it's more Mr. Jay to the STEEZ
I'm just trying to find the place that you be

(Verse: 1)
Look
Said first things first, I STEEZ, i'm looking for Mr. Carter
Yup, and I'm just getting started
I appreciate the game, and the way that you fathered it
But I've been up to par with all them artists that you partnered with

I noticed I got the home-field advantage
So eye show skill, the flow ill, the ho's seem panicked
And i'm so real. Homie's just a ghost and a mannequin
And trying to know who he is, under-wraps like bandages

Not to mention that I haven't found a management
Managers try to manage us, but they just couldn't handle it
So I had to make a better image, homie became aggressive wit it
Now the block say that i'm the best to spit it

Well, i'm overflowing with confidence, and charm
It's obvious i've been up on my cocky shit
To back it up I got the bars for days
That's why it took us about a month to make a marvelous tape

So tell me where you are Mr. J, so I can stop calling ya name


(Hook)

(Verse: 2)
Coming from the home place of way too many mouths to be fed
When you make it to be the greatest, or you're probably dead
9 to 5 is the only time you can spend
This is coming from the bottom of my heart and off the top of my head

Freestyling in them hallways all day
Thought that we was balling, that's until we seen Lebron play
Was like you betta step ya shit up kid
We in the school of hard knocks, with the stick up kids

Its not the fame, your man just turn, switch quick
The unspoken truth so you betta keep your lip zipped
An infant to the game about to hit 6 years writing verses and I still ain't get rich?
I guess I'm looking for a man to blame, getting older realizing it'll have to change
So by the age of 21 I'ma have a champagne range rover, J roller, and a platinum chain...

Asking me a lot to sing.. fuck it

(Hook)

(Verse: 3)
I said there's J-HOVA, J-Cole, J elect, Jadakiss
Wale Falorin used to be one of my favorites
Listening to Floetry, Ambrosius was amazing wit it
Been a fresh prince before Will met with Jada Pinkett

I am working part-time just so I can save a few g's
By the time i'm eighteen, make a stable living
My older sisters trying to pay tuition
And i'm just hoping that I can make it Cablevision

Cause i'm out here scrubbing toilets
Just so i can be the perfect son my mother wanted?
My older cousin doin time for a gun charge
The other moving weight, got niggas tryin to run up on him

My old man took his head off, so you'd be dead wrong for thinking that I fell off
I just been on vacation for a minute, but the game won't be the same when I'm finished
Do you feel it?

Look
The flows I had to switch em up, cause I ain't plan on giving up
I got more wheel power than a semi-truck
As a youngin, I really couldn't remember much
But listening to Juicy when I copped my first sippy cup

I done came full swing as an artist
And kept the underground mind-state like an ostrich
But I still pull strings like guitar picks
So telling me to go harder is no problem!

(Hook)

(Verse: 4)
And I swear to everything, when I leave this earth
It's gonna be on both feet, never knees in the dirt
I mean, try me, fucking, but when I squeeze it hurts
Lose two lives, yours and mines

Give me any amount of time, don't let my momma grieve
At the funeral parlor dripping tears down her sleeve
Give me any amount of time, don't let my momma grieve