[Intro]
I'm ready
Bold face James
Concreatures
Inglés
Tell these watch they mouth if they want they teeth you hear me?
Concreatures
Drugzone
227
Niggas know what it is with me

[Verse 1]
Boldy blocks, Bend Street, king of the skelly
In the jelly, whipping s'ghetti getting so much fetti
Call me Soda Popinski or 'chine Gun Kelly
From Kelly to telly in my soda club pelle
On the block, 10 deep, three five seven
One dessi, two 'chetes, and my throwaway peggy
If the police try to flick me, I'm fleeing
When they catch me they goin' hit me with a netty
So you know it ain't petty
You know it ain't reggie
You knew you wasn't ready
If you hit me, better catch me, you know I ain't friendly (at all)
Like Casper, you know I ain't friendly
And friendly got a stash, now I'm ghost with my friend Lee
In the Jag blowing smoke with a 10 piece
Graduated from semipro to the big leagues
Had to let them know what the six meant
That's where I'm at, here I go, come and get me

[Hook]
In no time
It's been a longtime coming for a longtime
It's been a longtime running from a longtime
Kept the phone lines jumping like a telethon
In the blowspot putting out that topside
Spent my whole life thugging in the sunshine
With my .45 ducking from the one time
It's been a longtime running from a longtime
It's been a longtime coming, had a long run

[Verse 2]
Fell asleep with my finger on the trigger
That's a real street dream, why you sleeping on a nigga?
Never me slipping, reaching for the blick again
Peeled, sweet dreams, you sleeping with the fishes
In the creeks, send a finger to your Mrs
And the meal, can't let them get the drop on me
Call me what you want, just don't call the cops on me
Or call me collect at the spot homie
(Hello? Who is this? Where the fuck is Boldy?
Dawg working with the feds, trynna put them on me)
Got popped with a brick and some mark money
Got off with intent, did a 1 to 20
For snitching on my cuddy, nigga had it coming to him
I fell off, but bounced back like Silly Putty (Big Dummy!)
I risked fed time for this money
It's concreatures
Hellblock, hully gully

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
When my back is against the wall
What happens if it should fall?
I live for today, but pray for a better tomorrow
Crack is against the law
What happens if you get caught?
For selling that yay? And they send you behind the wall?
Why would you risk it all?
Moochie, I've been through it all
Might as well give it all to me, I can move it all
Magical with the wand, don't panic when it dissolve
That's just its purest form, no additives but the Arm and Hammer
When whip it hard, the hammer is a revolver
Jam it like that's my song, they play it in rental cars
Traffic and bricks of raw, bird play, chicken talk
I know Sergei and I ain't talking Fedorov
Niggas with jealous hearts turn state, tip you off
Don't even know what a chirp weigh, or what it costs
After a get it off, first base, second, walk
Stole third base, heading home, finna score a homerun

[Hook]