[Intro: Darkchild]
Ayo, you know what I feel like doing?
I feel like doing another Darkchild remix
'99, Darkchild, Jennifer

[Verse 1: Darkchild]
Come on and dance a little
Let me see you dance a little
I like it when you dance a little
Baby, work it out and just dance a little (Haha)
Come on and dance a little
Let me see you dance a little
I like it when you dance a little
Baby, work it out and just dance a little (Uh-huh)
Come on and dance a little
Let me see you dance a little
I like it when you dance a little
Baby, work it out and just dance a little (Come on)

[Verse 2: Jennifer Lopez & Darkchild]
Now, if I give you me (Woo), this is how it's got to be (Uh-huh)
First of all, I won't take you cheatin' on me (Say what?)
Tell me, who can I trust if I can't trust in you?
And I refuse to let you play me for a fool (Uh-huh, uh-huh, yeah, yeah)

[Pre-Chorus: Jennifer Lopez]
You said that we could possibly spend eternity
(You said that we could possibly spend eternity, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
See, that's what you told me, that's what you said
But if you want me, you have to be fulfilling all my dreams
(You want me, you have to be fulfilling all my dreams, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
If you really want me, baby

[Chorus: Jennifer Lopez & Darkchild]
If you had my love (Damn), and I gave you all my trust
Would you comfort me?
Would you comfort me? Tell me, baby (Uh-huh, uh-huh)
And if somehow you knew that your love would be untrue, yeah (How you knew)
Would you lie to me and call me "baby"? (Na, na, na, na, na)

[Verse 3: Jennifer Lopez & Darkchild]
You said you want my love (Come on, come on) and you've got to have it all
But first there are some things you need to know (What's that?)
If you wanna live with all I have to give
I need to feel true love or it's got to end, yeah

[Pre-Chorus: Jennifer Lopez & Darkchild]
I don't want you trying to get with me (Don't want you)
(Don't want you trying to get with me, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
And I end up unhappy
I don't need the hurt and I don't need the pain
So before I do give myself to you
(So before I do give myself to you, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
I have to know the truth
If I spend my life with you (Uh-huh, uh-huh, come on)

[Chorus: Jennifer Lopez & Darkchild]
If you had my love, and I gave you all my trust (Had my love, gave you trust)
Would you comfort me? What would you do, babe? Tell me right now (Uh-huh)
And if somehow you knew that your love would be untrue (I need to know, be untrue)
Would you lie to me and call me "baby"? (Don't lie, don't you lie to me, uh-huh, uh-huh)
If you had my love, and I gave you all my trust (If I gave it to you)
What would you do? Would you comfort me? (Comfort me, ooh, tell me, baby, uh, uh)
And if somehow you knew that your love would be untrue (How you knew, be untrue)
Would you lie to me and call me "baby"? (Would you lie to me? Don't you lie to me, baby)

[Bridge: Darkchild & Jennifer Lopez]
Come on and dance a little (Mmm)
Let me see you dance a little
I like it when you dance a little (Oh, na na na na)
Baby, work it out or dance a little
Woo, come on and dance a little
Let me see you dance a little
I like it when you dance a little
Darkchild, Jennifer Lopez, come on

[Chorus: Jennifer Lopez & Darkchild]
If you had my love, and I gave you all my trust (If you had my, yeah, would you comfort me?)
Would you comfort me? (Nah, nah) Tell me, baby (Nah, nah)
And if somehow you knew that your love would be untrue (Oh, oh)
Would you lie to me and call me "baby"? (Don't lie to me, call me "baby," I like that)
If you had my love, and I gave you all my trust (Had my love, gave my trust)
Would you comfort me? What would you do if I gave it to you? (You like that?)
And if somehow you knew that your love would be untrue (Come on, tell me)
Would you lie to me and call me "baby"? (Don't you lie to me, call me your baby, uh-huh, uh-huh)