[Intro: Yo-Yo]
Yo, Yo-Yo is in the house
Representing hip-hop 'cause it don't stop
We gon' do it like this, bring it in [?] my homegirl [?]
IBWC is in the house
And this is how we gon' do this
This is for you Arsenio, check it out

[Verse 1: Yo-Yo]
Everybody wanna host but everybody's not a hostess
The hostess with the moistest, Arsenio the boldest
The biggest, the baddest, the meanest, the toughest
So buck this, we wrote this song just for you
So in the meantime and in between time
Baby, you work your thang and I work mine
The Y-O Y-O is oh so fly
Just another reason why this beat is so tight
I'm a mastermind, a mastermind of all rhymes
A mastermind of all times with this gangsta lines

[Verse 2: MC Lyte]
The A to the R-S-E-N-I-O
Here we be you and me for the last Arsenio show
The man with the plan at a half past eleven
Kick props to Hip-Hop 24/7
And I'mma miss him, seeing him get missed him
Ruffneck from Cleveland, Ohio, he's handsome
Work to get my ransom
Smooth with his romancin', hey
Bust a move, yo, he’s all that and then some
When I say "Arsenio" you say "Hall"
Arsenio (HALL!), Arsenio (HALL!)

[Verse 3: Treach]
We're on wax and it concerns ya that's make us eternal like a picture
Ya bitch ya, I'll fix ya, raise a rapture ripped ya scripture
I'll mac a meal in fact until I stack the bills ta rack the skills
Ta get a track ta kill them rap at will, the I is capital
Double L, Lower Case T-O-W-N
No trouble, I'll bust your bubble then leave you for ruin
Yo, check, some can't see me
If it wasn't for Arsenio, it wouldn't be no late night TV

[Verse 4: Phife Dawg]
Question: Why is that MC's be wack
And major labels wanna sign all that crap? A-yo, fuck that!
Word to life I'm coming rug'
'Cause once you add the hip to the hop kid, it equals out to love

[Verse 5: Q-Tip]
I be hating sucker MCs, and ya sucker niggas
Posing like your hard when we know your damn card
What you figure? Rhyme-wise I do the figure eight so concisely
Musically I be the herb so sit back and light me
With my man named Chip and the Fu-Schnick, Fu-Schnick

[Verse 6: Poc-Fu + Chip-Fu]
Ahhh-ooohh! Whatcha gon' do
When you see the Fu-Schnicks come through?
Ahhh-ooohh! Whatcha gon' do
When you see the Fu-Schnicks come through?
Achew, goobedy goo, Timbukone, Timbuktu
I can't see a thing like Mr. Magoo
Gibbedy uh-uh-uh, gibbedy muffy, achew
Stuffy, naughty, nappy, Jack in the box, dreadlock rocks
So nan, hiccup, nan, what's up doc, gadzooks
Shiver my Timberland boots, oh my gosh, oh my goo, shucks
Now I, now I, eh, got the hiccups
Son, I rips up many tracks
Peace, Arsenio, check out the flow of my man CL Smooth

[Verse 7: CL Smooth]
Hit the lights and I appear
Beyond the stratosphere of Meccable function
And if you’re pretty let your lady sleep in Carmel City
Begin and end the day on Lennon, hunts for beachfronts
To lit blunts, now all agreed we’re sippin' OJ with the Dom P
Bounce and bring it like it counts to be Luccified
CL is sextified and women spell me nationwide
You say you want my lips where and I can grab your what?
I love your hips, legs, breasts, faces with the firm butt
No doubt I’m cruising on Arsenio Hall, yes yes ya’ll
And you don’t stop

[Verse 8: Guru]
Gang Starr is in the house to get a rep
And one love to Arsenio now check it
Original baldhead, Brooklyn I grew born destructor
I came back to lay down law to the suckers
I crush ya, you don't appear to be my brother
One more false move, I'll grab the toast and bust ya
You, stop talking trash, pass the L
Got mad clientèle, real brothers know me well
Other rappers go on tour and hide in their hotel
Me and the crew, we're as true as they come, son!

[Verse 9: Das EFX]
Well, one two it’s the Books coming with the Krazy-Drayz
Blowing up the block before my man gets swayze
We set it from the east, yo, set it from the east
Five years on the set now it’s time to say peace
Me I flips it and I rips it, now check out how I do it
Only hip-hop show representing hip-hop
They got me on the track, black, and sweeter than candy
I rip it like this wit my man and Stanley
Yeah, yeah  it’s like that y’all yeah it’s like that
So watch out how we do it straight from the sewer

[Verse 10: GZA]
[?] Arsenio Hall stage 29
GZA, Wu-Tang Clan, off-the-head rhyme
[?]
Niggas get blown [?] Jay Leno
Calling all cars, calling all cars!
Lyrical psycho, armed and dangerous, leaving mad scars on those
Who are found bound, gagged and shot when I blast the spot
Victims took off like astronauts
Get with this, even your best can't
Come on down, you're the next contestant!
Yeah, I used to warm up the cipher with a rhyme
That was hyper
Chk-POW! Wu-Tang sniper

[Verse 11: KRS-One]
Yeah, one two, check it out
One two, check it, one two, check
So, of the- of the top- the top of the head- head- head
I snap my fingers like I told ya, ya career is over
Bup bup bup, clack clack clack
What-what-what you getting at?
Amateur, amateur rapper rapper seckle out wick wick wack
Yes, KRS, Arsenio, you are the better man
We could never ever check David Letterman
So we coming in the place right now
Yo Mad Lion - show 'em how

[Verse 12: Mad Lion]
Arsenio, there’s no need to worry
As long as you can’t deny
You [?] ever lose your life
Lord have mercy
You ain’t ever got to worry at all
We shine our Glocks every night
East side 'till we’re satisfied
Big respect in every aspect, ready for some more
Big big big respect
Big respect Arsenio, every day
Arsenio say, big respect Arsenio
Welcome to our livin', Lord have mercy