[Sample]
No stems no seeds that you don't need
Acapulco gold is… BAD ASS WEED

[Intro: The Genius (Prince Rakeem)]
Yo, this is the Giga-Giga-Genius
And I got the brother Prince Rakeem on the side
You know we got the sess bones in the house
And yo, God, I'ma pass you the bone
(Pass the bone, kid, pass the bone
Pass the bone, kid, pass the bone
Pass the bone, kid, pass the bone
Pass the bone, so I can rule the microphone)

[Verse 1: Prince Rakeem]
Rakeem is feeling lovely, word, a pocket full of dough
A little drunk, reaction's mad slow
Thinking, should I go to the club scene?
(And do what?) And bag a rub-a-dub queen
Another thing, beyond the cream, I wanted to get ripped
Put my lips on a blunt tip
It's been two weeks, since I last scored (What'd you do?)
Went down to the club floors
Five dollar fee, plus ID
But a brother like me gassed his way in for free
Word, took a bar seat
Got a tall glass of Sex on the Beach
And turned to my left, saw this girl she was slamming, sir
(Ooh, what ya do kid?) I examined her
Pushed up, I tried to bag her for her name
(What happened?) I didn't have the game
Overwhelmed by a scent in the air
Could it be? Yes, yeah, a potent bag of sess there
It was Raekwon and Loungin' Lo
They had a bone (You mean a blunt?) A palmetto
I said, "Pass the bone, pass the bone
Pass the bone, kid, pass the bone"
They passed it, took one pull, I was blasted
Felt kind of stimulated, fan-ta-stic
Re-approached the weak-cypher
(Did you surprise her?) I tranquilized her
Bagged her for her name and address
Slid to her rest, achieved mad success
(But did you bone her?) Did I bone her?
Did I bone her? You should've heard her moan (uh!)

[Hook: Prince Rakeem & The Genius]
Pass the bone, pass the bone
Pass the bone, kid, pass the bone
Pass the bone, kid, pass the bone
Yo, Genius, flip the microphone
Yo, pass the bone, kid pass the bone
Pass the bone, kid pass the bone
Pass the bone, kid pass the bone
Pass the bone so I can rule the microphone

[Verse 2: The Genius]
Yo, check it
Outside a nightclub, what? We shine some young bloods
Drinking forties right down to the suds
Ready to flow inside and rip the mic phone
Hmm, and all I needed was a sess bone
And guess who come down the block stumbling drunk?
(Who?) Ason, with two bags of skunk
Pull out the blunt, put the weed inside
Roll it up tight, then the flame was applied
Inhale, but not pertaining to cough
Exhale, you know, like two pulls and off
Stimulated kind of toxie
Seen a girl who was foxy, yo, but she needed OxyWash
Oh my gosh, yo, to disrespect but back to the subject
The brothers rolled up on the scene that I had known
Smelled the skunk and said "Yo pass the bone!"
I said, "Lounge, G, there's not enough to pass around
So, go get a bag from Uptown
I gave a pound to the brothers who was sweating me
What about the Wisdoms? Yo, they was stressing me
"Hey Genius, Genius, when ya gonna come do me
Step to me, you know, screw me?"
Just another redbone that I had bagged in the red zone
And took home to get my head flown
Forget about the weak-cypher, so I slid to the back
Leaving tracks of smoke stacks
That originated from the sess crops
Give me the mic and watch me get props

[Hook: Prince Rakeem & The Genius]
Pass the bone, pass the bone
Pass the bone, kid, pass the bone
Pass the bone, kid, pass the bone
Yo, Genius, flip the microphone
Yo, pass the bone, kid pass the bone
Pass the bone, kid pass the bone
Pass the bone, kid pass the bone
Pass the bone so I can rule the microphone