[Intro: Raekwon]
Visual visual, JB
Yo, Ye, what up? Raekwon

[Verse 1: Raekwon]
You got stacks like the International House of Pancakes
All alone, ready to phone me and your hand shakes
Palms is wet, a don's regret
Never to walk miles for love, I sit in the starter's deck
It just happened, I was floatin', you seen the captain?
Blinked at me then I threw him my thinking cap
Take her, then we could slide to Jamaica
Shop for like a year or two, stop in Diego
It's obvious, I want to see who your mami is
We just friends so she can't Clyde, Bonnie this
Fly walls, dinin' in fly halls
Come to the master suite, leave every piece in the master hall
All my money tied in knots
Stand over there, that's why I make it happen on blocks
Brazil cut sweater, Audi leather
Playin' the field, tryin' to out-slick Baretta

[Verse 2: Justin Bieber]
You see my baby up and hit the road
Where she's going? That's what nobody knows
I need to find her 'fore another man does
I wouldn't want him to steal my love

[Pre-Chorus: Justin Bieber]
I'm just tryna be cool, cool, cool
Tryna be cool, what you expect me to do?
I'm just tryna find, find, find this sweet love of mine

[Chorus: Justin Bieber]
I'm running out of time, where is my runaway love?
Searching low and high, know that I'm not letting up
I'd give it all up for us, but it'll never be enough
I won't stop until I find my runaway love

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
Last name West and my teeth diamonds
She said "Yo, what's your occupation, crazy rhymin'?"
Listen to Wu-Tang, tryin' suits on
Accoutrements is Grey Poupon
Stuntin' in a high-top Louis, shorts is the Coogis
Open up the door when you take her to the movies
When you meet the parents, you tell De Niro
Her boyfriend a zero, she need to cut the weirdo
Next show, they gotta up the zeros
Nobody rockin' like this 16 years old
The hard drums and the Wally's somethin' that caught me
I'm tellin' you what Wu-Tang taught me
The young youth, rockin' the gold tooth
Pull up in a drop top, old school bumpin' to "Cash Rules"
No question, we the reason why the summer's blazin'
Then say, "You lookin' good, fly colored Asian"
Raw, I give it to ya, no trivia
She used to roll with my G-Unit like Olivia
'Til she caught me gettin' numbers and hugs
I guess that's the day she became a runaway love

[Chorus: Justin Bieber]
I'm running out of time, where is my runaway love?
Searching low and high, know that I'm not letting up
I'd give it all up for us, but it'll never be enough
I won't stop until I find my runaway love

[Bridge: Justin Bieber]
Why can't I find you, love of mine
When you're standing in front of my face?
Oh why, I must be blind?
How did I let you get away?
Hahah, yeah

[Verse 4: Raekwon]
Leave it up to the most high, sittin' in ghost fly
Chillin' with two of my brothers
We both live on deck, baggin' 'em on set
This is how we roll independent, she a go, I'ma go get
Take that queen or shorty up
We can live it up every month, baby girl, just call me up
Wakin' up, restin' in cold sweats
Thinkin' of this (bitch), the videotapes, even the stress
My mind is a terrible thing to waste
No love lost, I know I'm goin' crazy, I can't floss
Me, my lady, left my homies, it's all baloney
Just like rockin' the old Ponys
So when I'm chillin', I'm just lost, no more feelin'
I need my honey in my life, get that? Feel me?
Take your time, Rae, Justin, yeah, you shine
My runaway love didn't mind, come on

[Chorus: Justin Bieber]
I'm running out of time, where is my runaway love?
Searching low and high, know that I'm not letting up
I'd give it all up for us, but it'll never be enough
I won't stop until I find my runaway love
I'm running out of time, where is my runaway love?
Searching low and high, know that I'm not letting up
I'd give it all up for us, but it'll never be enough
I won't stop until I find my runaway love