[Intro]
Hell dawg it's time to boss up man let's put this play up
Man you know what I'm sayin

[Verse 1 : Problem]
They like boyy! Would you get back on that [?] shit
It's on to pull out to get blow with a turn bitch
My phone won't stop ringin', team won't stop gleaming
Spar tree serve D at these Spike Lee's bitch
But I bust up and got that money
From the hood but my life's good
R.I.P. Icewood (whaddup doe)
Made a gang of money (But I want more)
And all my niggas too
Ball on bitch nigga, that's all my niggas do
Need to turn the bomb so I can call my niggas through
Finesse for the plus, I get a rush when it touch
Pistol-grippin' if he trip, finger-fuckin' that slut (pow pow)
Me and [?] don't give a fuck bout a [?]
Make your bitch bust it open like when you first get that pack
It smells good don't it?
My spot you sure want it, but you can't have it
Spike drinks, straight savage nigga


[Hook : StoneyThaDealer]
This 9 on my waist it's ain't the only thing automatic
Swear to God boy I gotta have it
I said this 9 on my waist it's ain't the only thing automatic
I swear to God boy I gotta have it
Automatic! (Automatic!)
Yeah boy I said I gotta have it
I gotta have it yeah boy I said I gotta have it
Automatic!
Cause this 9 ain't the only thing automatic
On my momma boy I gotta have it
Automatic!


[Verse 2 : Problem]
All these rappers out here rapping bout how they got that work
Think I'm talkin' about dresses when I mentionnin' a skirt
Think I'm talkin' about [?] when I mention the purps
You liars need to be silent like my messages in alert
I been digits since the first, having bitches doin' dishes
Puttin' bills up in their name, for the niggas takin' charge
But the charge into the game, that's the game he did chose
Ain't no bitchin', ain't no snitchin' till he land with the law
Nigga [?] to function, yeah I'm parkin' that Bentley
Red cup full of Henny, paid niggas with me
No I didn't pay 'em, they payin' nigga you get it
That 26 that's drop, they like Chachi did you get it
[?] That's only gang I will
Takin' shots for my haters with the bangout skills
Me and Lucky goin' dummy all on B-E-T
Still got that bitch that feel the free [?]



[Hook : StoneyThaDealer]
This 9 on my waist ain't the only thing automatic
Swear to God boy I gotta have it
I said this 9 on my waist ain't the only thing automatic
I swear to God boy I gotta have it
Automatic! (Automatic!)
Yeah boy I said I gotta have it
I gotta have it yeah boy I said I gotta have it
Automatic!
Cause this 9 ain't the only thing automatic
On my momma boy I gotta have it
Automatic!