[Verse 1: Problem]
Late night, Fresh Prince on the tube
OG and Jim Beam got me in the mood
I'm in Louisville, living like a rockstar
Made it off, still influence where the blocks are
Biggest fear going broke on a cop car
People I know treating me like I'm a pop star
Man, I really hate that shit
Money don't make me, but I make that shit
Look Eazy, N.W.A. that shit
Have K come through and straight K that shit
Hot boy out the D.L.G
'Fore I tell, I'll take that plea
I was made different
Swear these niggas don't want no smoke
Shout to 21 savage, wanna quote that quote
Why these niggas sleeping on me, on God I'm woke
Plottin' on who in the way
Get your clown ass choked
Get your clown ass smoked
That's the drink in me talking
My unit G, I'm Lloyd Banks in some Barkley's
Bailing through the west, not giving one fuck
Five-O on my tail, tryna get a young buck, what

[Hook: Problem]
These niggas don't want no smoke
No, these niggas don't want no smoke
None of these niggas don't want no smoke
Man, these niggas don't waant no smoke
Think about it
They'd of been got me out this bitch
Man, these niggas don't want no smoke
Think about it
They'd of been got me out this bitch
Man, these niggas don't want no smoke
Think about it

[Verse 2: Problem]
Pubilc Emeny, Chuck D and Flavor Fav
Street niggas hit the game and got major paid
Blacked out and plagued out, that's a major fade
[?]
Major pain done left no major stains
In my community, no sights of unity
Won't nobody call me no liar
Grapes and the Hunnids got Watts on fire
R-I-P Speedy and Mofia Ray
Imagine a world with no choppers that spray
Helicopters for days, stood on top of my city
Then niggas got high and took lives with no pity
Some niggas alive think they'll never see fifty
But I ain't gonna lie, you ask me then I'm guilty
This past 25 seemed like a bonus
And it seem like after that is when I got the coldest
Disrespecting the women but they the ones that hold us
Damn when the world give you the coldest shoulders
Locked and loaded nigga

[Hook: Problem]
These niggas don't want no smoke
No, these niggas don't want no smoke
None of these niggas don't want no smoke
Man, these niggas don't want no smoke
Think about it
They'd of been got me out this bitch
Man, these niggas don't want no smoke
Think about it
They'd of been got me out this bitch
Man, these niggas don't want no smoke
Think about it

[Bridge]
I swear, I don't want to know
If you hatin' me, just keep it on the low

[Verse 3: Problem]
So fucking fired up right now
It's 3:43 and I'm up right now
Half a zip, last sip in my cup right now
Old dog and I'm feeling like a pup right now
'Cuz I swear these niggas and bitches gon' keep tryin' me
Thinkin' we the same, like Siamese
Tryin' to align me with these weak ass niggas
We niggas is grimey in the street, ask nigga
[?]
My hearts cold, thought I had a friend but the mark told
Street niggas live by a harsh code
Hood meetings late nights when the parks close
Lying about lies only make it worse
Catch fades, if the bullet don't catch you first
Nerdiest nigga get scared then bet he burst
Fuck second, I'm cumming first

[Outro: Taxstone]
Chachiville, Problem, What's going on my nigga? East coast to the west coast, you know I'm gonna come to check in. I hope you not giving these niggas no motherfucking room to breathe. I want your foot on they neck so motherfucking hard that they eyes start to pop out they head. You understand, my nigga. Please don't give these niggas no room. I always tell you, man, "Don't trust no nigga that never died before." You hear me, one more time. "Don't ever trust no nigga that never died before." 'Cause a nigga that's alive, you can't trust them. You understand and alot of niggas ain't living so alot of niggas alive to begin with. So with so many trust issue that I got that I deal with that I need you to understand that you gonna deal with the further you succeed. You an independant artist my nigga, you just preformed at the rings game, like, this shit ain't light my nigga. This shit is about greatness, this shit isn't about haters or pessimist that want to drag you down every five minutes, you got to keep fucking the baddest bitches, you got to keep taking care of your family, you got to keep doing thing for your kids, and you got to keep not letting these nigga breathe. You understand, 'cause the moment you give these motherfuckers the moment to breathe, motherfuckers are gonna blow your motherfucking food, and you can't blow on my motherfucking food 'cause you can't share my fucking food, nigga. You understand, alot of niggas are gonna ask you, "What size sneakers you wear?" And you got to tell them your size nigga. You understand what I'm saying. Let nigga know whatever you want to take, come take it, but if you come take something, something might get taken from you that you can never get back again. Be safe though. Chachiville