[Intro]
Hey, before you take them on this ride with you. Just know you gotta show these motherfuckers. You gotta show them what is that shit is that you get. This ain’t no fucking rapper, this ain’t no artist. You a movement, (Diamond Lane) you the struggle, you the vibe. You're Chachi, baby. Now start this bitch. Oh, and um, It’ll all make sense by the fourth quarter

[Verse]
Chachi!
Niggas choose a dumb dollar over smart pennies
If they don’t see the strings attached, don’t mean they ain’t any
If you ain’t took a loss, then most likely you can’t feel me
Had it up, I’m one hundred, that’s two fifties - always
Unless I’m dealing with this bitches
'Cause handling the real ain’t really in they intuition
Baby mamas included, take heed 'fore you be sorry
One of mine fucked the homie, another one fuckin' robbed me
From industry roles to eye level with Glocks
Survived time after time, like watches chasing the clock, Chachi
Still standing, still 3-5-4 banging
Till my numbers in the rafters, look at 3-5-4 hanging
'Fore I’m done I'ma have the world 3-5-4 banging
Bad bitches 'round L-A bet I 3-5-4 banged it
Yea, dick swinging on another level
Y'all niggas angels acting like the fucking devil
Had some deals on the table but I backed out
Counted mills on the table 'fore I plaqued out
Had a three-way with your girl, yea, we maxed out
But I don’t remember shit, boy, I blacked out
Bird told me before I go I gotta teach him something
If it ain't brought about no change, then its all for nothin'
Duckin' range, homies killed, shit it’s all for nothin'
Diamond motherfucking lane, shit it’s all or nothin'
Staying tall at Jabbar, we don’t fall for nothin'
We let these clown niggas be clowns, we just sit and watch
We got ours out the mud, we don’t know no stoppin'
And put our backs against the wall, you gonna hear them shots
Drak Drak, got me walkin' with my cash out
Pull up drunk, fuck your girl like I'm fresh out
Pick my youngin' from the county, boy, he fresh out
Public defender tried to screw him but he straight now
Mind tickin', politickin' on another million
Everything is about precision, youngin' sit and listen
Don’t get high and make decisions, when you on your mission
My last nigga that didn’t listen doin' life in prison
She got me sick, I need to heal up
Feel it in my stomach like a sit up
Niggas all said I fell off, oh, I needed that
Yea, say ol' boy took my spot, well I need it back
Fuck, whats happenin?
Don’t make a nigga count a hundred thousand out
Don’t make me start fucking niggas hoes again
Don’t make me start running up on niggas with mirrors
Makin' it easy for niggas to see how hoe they is
I ain’t playin' nice wit niggas for no rap verse
And I ain’t actin' like I like you for no rap verse
Must I remind you niggas, I was in the trap first
And I ain’t get thrown a P, Bro I push stacks first
Sole survivor’s in my blood, check my DNA
[?] in a skirt I’ll be a okay
My new bitch body bang like an 808
Stay with that heat, 2-2-3’s Bape NMDs
Diamond freeze, cold world needed heated seats
These fucking streets will turn a yee into a fucking beast
Still got a thang for cute bitches wearing buns
Freak pretty hoes and every bitch that's 'bout they funds
My girl fucked a real nigga now she hate lames
Still with my day ones, can you say the same?
Nigga, can you say the same?
If you can't you got to live knowing you to blame
Chachi, nigga