[Intro: Jay-T]
[?]
[Verse 1: Jay-T]
Taking a hint, it’s that broken kid, coming through
Reinstating agents, for black & white notes…
For some folks, of which none can go, toe to toe
Minimum hooked on co & maximum float
Yeah strange enough, not on boats
But if you don’t mind, I hope you choke
Or even better shut up or go sip on tea
And don’t bring your phoney opinion, (around me!)
Cause stupid is contagious
Which is (entertained the outrageous)
And thrown off beat by the (fakers)?
They in the company of the (claimers)
Either way it’s quite simple, and better yet deep (like a dimple)
There’s really not much to see
Watching time the clock tick…Quit
Wanna be above average, using all kinds of tack ticks
Punch lines we kick, E.O.R is sick…stay sick Kelsey!

[Verse 2: Kella G]
We‘re starting off on the wrong foot
What I don’t want is a Bad girl gone good
What I don’t need is a hater in my hood
Telling me what to do, if I should, if I would…
If I couldn’t…
If I kill, have to beat or defeat just to fit in
A panel of losers telling me about winning
When all they know is just about plotting and scheming
I’m a kiddo with a mind of my own
You’re a saint, I keep sinning
But I know when I’m right, when I’m wrong
I repent and when I’m In, When I’m out…
Still I’m strong, Independent, but you make it…
All the business in the world, when really, it’s just mine
But you can’t accept the fact, that it’s simple to shine on your own
Be bright, delight and enlighten yourself in the pain
Of others, when really, you shouldn’t be bothered
But I guess it doesn’t matter
Cause you’re flattered at a face of a scatter

[Verse 3: Romeo]
The kind of emphasis, people put into genesis
It’s a bunch of crappy things, put into your own reminisce
I am, Getting pissed, while my business is kissed
By the mist of pissed, putting any things in hell again
Now, am in zone, with a hell of a tone
All alone, abalone, I’m Sylvester Stallone
(Crap)…
Don’t give a damn, of all of them
I got some friend, who got my back
About my stack
When I’m gone, gone break bone…
They foamed on catchy news, cerebrum light fuse
You chose, to loose
Break thoughts like string booze
Packing the critics, with some limits
Am abhor it and ignore it, cause it’s boring, Got my crap snoring
Like the paparazzi touring, on a stupid picture showing
Mind your business, Want a biscuit?
Wait a minute, Let me lick it
Taking the people, treating them equal…
Like I’m busy buzzing buddies
Breaking bullies back, E.O.R, We attack…(Yeah)

[Chorus: E.O.R]
It’s so simple, some people
Like to spread some crap… (Why?)
It won’t cripple, the people
That just sticks to facts…We achieve, (Got the documents?)
What we feel and make the rumours whack…
(Cause x4)
(C.I’s the sickest) We into this
(Mind your Business)
Cause we them Drifters…

[Verse 4: Kella G]
I hope that at least by the nearest Christmas
You’d finally start minding your own damn business
I’m only saying it cause I’ll never over look this
Don’t wanna see your attitude; I wanna see a difference
The time is now and that’s my preference
I’m referring to you; let’s call it a reference
Don’t get to technological, save your pistons
Let’s live our lives separately…Keep your distance
I save money but I spend big
I mean B.I.G
Look at what I did, I have my own fun
I got my own crib, Got my own room
Don’t need Marvin’s, I ain’t King Pin
Just a little slim, don’t know what it is, But I know that it is what it is…
Suspension list that I got you
Better stay true, that I ain’t you
But I rate you, wanna shake you, Gonna break you
I Bet it’d be easy to play you

[Chorus: E.O.R]
It’s so simple, some people
Like to spread some crap… (Why?)
It won’t cripple, the people
That just sticks to facts…We achieve, (Got the documents?)
What we feel and make the rumours whack…
(Cause x4)
(C.I’s the sickest) We into this
(Mind your Business)
Cause we them Drifters…							[x2]
Brrrah! brrrah! Shaka! Haaah!