[Hook]
I'm too on to be off, (4x)
Can have a bitch nigga missing, too on to be off

[Verse 1]
So many battlefield scars and riding the plush cars
It's interacial menages bustin' because of problem
Raised rough and rugged, my chain I never tuck it
My attitude was "Fuck it" and motherfuckers love it
Cause I'm a soldier, recruited and saluted by G's
Influenced by cream, did things that you wouldn't believe
Haters in the hood told me that I wouldn't achieve
I'm chunking deuces at them stoogas out the roofas with ease
Match the pedal to speak, we aware of the crease
So it's a must a nigga rock that heavy metal with jeans
Baby mama's on my bumper straight working my mental
Fucking back to rap, only plaques make you official
Niggas sideline popping all the niggas is jocking
If I go a little harder If the bitches is watching
Lil mama come fuck with the man like
Have a drink bust it open for a gram like...

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Who shot ya? Brown-eyed Sinatra
Eating lobster, pasta, my world is my casa
Yaka, shot time don't you start
Surrounded by pretty ladies, light and dark (Yessir)
Vivian, I get it in, got tree on the side like Timberland
Fendi lens make me see things clearer
Can't love anybody else til you love the man in the mirror, mirror
Me, Compton nigga so I spit it well
Met the plug got the socket til the pocket swells
Broke niggas can't even braille
Y'all rich? Like snitchin, I can't even tell
Lifetime of the rich and famous
Stop textin' me, girl, my chick is dangerous
On God believe me, she ain't giving this up that easy

[Hook]

[Verse 3 (Bad Lucc)]
What? What? What? Yippy Yo Yippy Yay
Compton all up in the house
What? What? What? Yippy Yo Yippy Yay
Diamond Lane all up in the house
What? What? What? Yippy Yo Yippy Yay
Chachi came through with a pound of the hay
Great, just mixed tona with the Henny
Take a white, black, red-boned or the skinny
Joints 3 grams, I don't roll up skinnies
Lucky in that six speed, grade A hemmy
(Prob what the lick read?)
You tell me, hell's bad, things in the car, bro trail me

[Hook]

[Outro]
(Starley talk to him)
I'm too on to be off
Oh shit
I'm too on to be off
Nigga that part
So nigga get yo bitch
I'm too on to be off
Nigga that part
So nigga get yo bitch