[Intro:]
Money, got to get it, always necessary
If I don't get it from rapping, it'll be from trafficking

[Hook:]
Bird after bird...

[Verse 1:]
Thank God for amphetamines, but what I really mean is what has dope done for me?
Oh, it got the mansion and the six double zero
? on the table getting rocked up
The other eight, I keep 'em softened in the freezer locked up
Money and the power, money and the power
At the yay spot moving half a brick an hour
All dime rocks in Detroit grind blocks
Look out for the cops and the neighborhood watch
Rolex, diamond infested on some neck shit
Arm & Hammer, baking soda Pyrex shit
Cocaine business controls America
They moving chickens in everybody area
And Colonel Sanders been dead for years
Crows been flocking on the wire since I was a little kid
Young boys come home old men from doing bids
Reflecting on the pain 36 rolls did
Even a possibility of life without parole
Won't stop the murder toll or the birds you sold

Cause it's...

[Hook:]
Bird after bird...

[Verse 2:]
Birds flock in spirituals and pray for me miracles
If anything I never thought I'd turn into a criminal
So here I go once again, smelling dope and sin
Ballers commit suicide as soon as they begin
Misled, another dealer dead
Shot in his head, took his bread, his blood was red
Looked like spaghetti and meatballs, brains on the walls
Money is the root to all evil pain that it cause
American Eagles on the look out for boys and illegals
Especially Africans, 'cause they be known for drug traffickin'
Pushing weight on every available interstate
Scarface sniffing right off the dinner plate
Arabian flake with more crystals and Folgers
Jumping out of planes with no parachutes, I told ya
You heard me? Watch the birdie
Scant-less in Detroit, they'll do you dirty
For surely, you want to get the cheese, be there early
Slanging O boy or the girlie

[Hook:]
Bird after bird...

[Outro:]
I know you heard...
Word after word...
So now it's bird after bird...
Word after word...
I know you heard...

Look girl I'm not gonna sing 'cause I just don't do that
"If you sing that song for me, I'll give you some punani"
Okay, maybe this one time, come on