Who wants to get a game?
Who wants to get a game?
Let's play a game of death

(Mastamind)
Get down, lay your cards down
Duck down, as my chamber spins round and round
When it stops, I bet you drops to the ground
Now how that shit sound? Sounds like a shake down
Here comes the break down
I bet'cha break, I bet'cha gotta headache
Ya can't keep ya ass awake
Fool, why ya think the Unholy had to wake the dead?
Too many niggas sleepin' so we give blows to ya head
One time, in and out ya mind
I know the rules to the game, give assistance to my rhyme
I'm workin' my voodoo on you and you
What can ya do to stop Mastamind and his crew?
The magic I use is blacker than blacker than black
Get back, fool what'cha know about that?

(TNT)
What'cha know about this? When I aim I don't miss
Fuck around and catch a fist, 'cause TNT's pissed
Droppin' bombs on your crews, I'm quick to light the fuze
Ya played the game of death and you're guaranteed to lose

(Mastamind)
Play your cards right, tonight's helter skelter
The cards I dealt ya ain't good, find shelter in your hood
I'm comin' at 'cha like a body snatcher, I'm gonna catch ya
And show ya I'm  the game's masta
Mastamindin' my game till there's no suckas left
When ya fuck with the wrong nigga ya play the game of death

Man... woman... earth... death

(Esham)
This is the game, come take a spin on the wheel
How many cops can I kill?
I'm ill, buck 'em down at a stand still
Watch me get ill, watch the blood spill
Chop, swing, off with your head
I'm kinda misled, I'd rather be dead
This is the game that I play with no shame
Russian roulette, cock back and take aim
I want me some bacon, so I'm fina gut a pig
Wha-dada dame, so I split 'cha wig
Not by the hairs of your chinny chin chin
When you play the game of death with me you never win
Killin' be a sin, snatch your throat and grin
Gettin' buck wild with the rin-tin-tin
The chrome's to your dome, so tell me what's left
And breathe your last breath, and play the game of death

Look like I'm smilin' mothafucka? I'm bout to get off in yo ass...

(Mastamind)
Bad guys never lose, so I bet I win
I don't die, so I'll come back again and again

(Esham)
Red rum, red rum, come and get some
Hangman niggas hung by they tongues when I sung
Play a game, press your luck, punk
I don't give a fuck
If the butcher knife don't cut
Then I buck, buck, buck

(Mastamind)
Watch me get 'em, watch me hunt around and hit 'em
I'm hungry for Adam's apples I gotta slit 'em
You can't play my game motherfuckers hate I came
Let the sky storm, let it rain, let it rain

(TNT)
Chopped off her head now the blood is just gushin'
I picked up the knife and I'm still steady pushin'
Aimin' for the kill, the kill is what I got
Playin' in my game, and death is the plot
Now I'm playin' doctor, grab the knife and chopped her
Shivers, quivers, out comes the liver
Took her dead body and I dumped it in the river
The beat when I deliver, no more life to give her

(Mastamind)
I hate to behave the same so savor it for yourself
When the deal is dealt, it gets felt in the game of death

(Esham)
Now as I come in, I take one final spin on the wheels of Jeopardy
For all those hoes who slept with me
Wicked rhyme kicka, Sick 'em for when I trick up
Peter piper picka, you have to suck my dick up
Nigga I'm outta liquor, Cuttin' to kill ya quicka
Six, six, six, cause I'm sick sick sicka
The U-N-H-O-L-Y, watch your head fly
You'll be dead guy, rock a bye-bye
If you wanna play, yes we playin' dead
I gotta screw loose and a hole in my head
Dead bodies layin' all around
The price is right so come on down
And press your luck and get slammed hoe
Remember don't say damn, say Whammy, whoa
In the game of death