Yeah. let me get on of those big mother fuckers and shit in here
You know what I'm sayin'?
I'm back in this bitch!
Just like Ice-T, you mother fuckers should've killed me last year!
In the house with my mother fucking brother Esham
You know what I'm sayin'?
Gettin' a little too much power in this mother fucker!

Sick in the head, so I tryed to kill a priest
I'm thinkin' of excuses instead of killin' me
The symptoms of insanity got me goin' psycho
Friday the 13th just like Michael
If I get wreck then I wreck when I wreck it
When I mic check one, two, when I check it
Lookin' for excuses just to get ill
How many cops can one man kill?
Many, plenty, all if any
A penny for your thoughts but death is what you brought
From a public enemy, public figure
Not your regular nigga
Like a rusty razor but I faze ya like a taser
Think I'm Malice Green, and then I get deja-vu
Then I get voodoo wicket
Slide a rusty razor across your throat then I stick it
Shit goddamn, goddamn shit
Suck my dick when the heater go click
And by the way, fuck you man
Goddamn, you better murder me man

You betta murder me man, you betta, Red Rum, Red Rum(2x)
You betta murder me man
You betta murder me man, you betta, Red Rum, Red Rum(2x)

You betta murder me man, before some nigga get hurt
Let a nun suck my dick in the back of a church
Another one bites the dirt, when I put in work
Shit, you talkin' to a expert
The Tasmanian devil, black devil
That devil you don't know, and don't wanna know
'cause I'm kinda like a head hunter jack chop it off
And I'm gonna black, you know I wanna, black
Can't no, ain't no if ands or buts
When my dick swings long, I'm droppin my nuts
To the flo' slap a hoe and let her know
Lick the hairs on my nuts, or better yet my afro
Big nigga, Kunta, gorilla
And like Ice T I'm a fuckin cop killa
Mothafuck the Ku Klux Klan
You better murder me, man

You betta murder me man, you betta, Red Rum, Red Rum(2x)
You betta murder me man
You betta murder me man, you betta, Red Rum, Red Rum(2x)

Redrum, redrum murda murda murda
Standin in my way then I gotta hut ya
Never get happy, hair always nappy
You'll get slapped, G
Unholy pappy
Visions of bloody bodies
Bloody bodies a vision
My mind and suicide, head-on collision
I vision an incision some psycho decision
Psychodelic funkin', slam jam dunkin
This is do or die, so I'd rather be dead
Cops get out of line... off with their heads
I flex Detects and break some fuckin necks
Me and a nun had sex then special effects
Make me crazy? Mad. Boy I'm fuckin bad
You couldn't even add all the problems I've had
Psycho, sick suck my dick
Abracadabra, black magic
Voodoo wicket, wicket voodoo
Scare you, go boo funky doo doo
I'm wicket, standin with my gat in my hand
You better murder me, man