This is a ghetto service announcement... to allll haters
Nah, we ain't forgot about y'all

He don't like me and she don't like me
You think I give a fuck who like me?

[Poe Whosaine]
Yeah, you think I give a rat's ass if you like my black ass?
You can kiss my black ass right before the gun blast
Every day I get cash, every day I flip fast
So 16, 18 ?, we kill it if you do the math
You boys are livin' fairy tails and I am livin' very well
Just copped a new crib and threw Louis on this ?
Whatever is everywhere ? in my underwear
And you ain't gotta fuckin' ask, the tag is hangin' right there
I spend a grand on my pants and a Ben on my Timbs
And about 20 records, see my face on my rims
I'm the owner of the team so I ball up all around
I know why these niggas hatin', 'cause you all ain't him

He don't like me and she don't like me
You think I give a fuck who like me?
X4

[Esham]
Mothafuckas don't like me and niggas can't stand me
The government hate me, radio want to ban me
The neighborhood love me 'cause I'm pushin they candy
Do it for the love of Ray J but I'm fuckin' with Brandy
Yo' pants is tight, you all alone you try to get it right
You toss and turn just tryin' to get it hype
Nigga, fuck that shit you need to ride a bike
With them biker shorts
And I'm mad' then a mothafucka, always rude
Bitches got no gratitude for a nigga with a attitude
Despise me, hate my guts, nigga get these nuts
I don't give a fuck, nigga tryin' to get a billion bucks
No, I ain't your buddy, fuck Kanye and Kid Cudi
Whutty, whutty, spit the wicketshit 'til I'm bloody
Who made the beat? Poe Whosaine and that nigga Nutty
Get fresh like my muh'fuckin' nigga Dougie
Benz buggie grind rappers, wrap 'em in a Huggie
Sham-wow wrap your bloody body in a Snuggie
Fuddy-duddy, shit about to get ugly
I was takin' Demerol, Michael Jackson off the wall
Suicide protocol, murder all of y'all
3-1-3 and I'm gone off them Tylenols
Total silence, ya'll, and it's violence, y'all
Aviation, no room for error on auto-pilot, y'all

He don't like me and she don't like me
You think I give a fuck who like me?
X4

[Mastamind]
I love it when they hate it, love to get 'em frustrated
If your style ain't like mine, get upgraded
You don't like what I'm about? Then mothafucka, say it
This is what I do, don't need you to OK it
You in my world, I'm your God
All these haters means I'm doin' my mothafuckin' job
I'm a beast, the biggest piece of the puzzle
Killer dog, bitin' through the muzzle
Ain't no fear on the mic, I ain't here to be liked
Fuckin' just kill yourself like "Fuck your life"
Waste of space, stay the fuck out my face
I'm yellin "Hell on earth" now singin' Amazing Grace

He don't like me and she don't like me
You think I give a fuck who like me?
X4