(Verse 1: Don Mykel)
She want a nigga with the ski mask skully in the winter
Be willing to eat a nigga food just to feed her dinner
My addiction is leg splitting, feening to get up in her
She in my hood for the wood, I bet she leave with a splinter
The Desert E. in the sprinter
We tour the city for pity
I take her to every 'jects that was litty when we was kids
Extended clip on the 50
Thats 25 at your wig, another 10 at ya legs, last 15 at your ribs
And 17 at the crib
And myself, when paper was low? We was selling weed upstate
We break a plate down to "O"'s
And break our "O" down to grams, and bust a scam on the road
Them Chevy's was sitting heavy, touch downs at the "Go"

(Hook)
Now every since I can remember I been poppin' my collar
Poppin', poppin' my collar, poppin', poppin' my collar
Every since I can remember I been working these hoes
And they better put my money in my hand

(Verse 2: Reggie Rude)
Need more stacks than a little bit
More racks baby wiggle it
More rocks in a nigga hand
Talkin bout mine hope you understand
See I love when you dip it low
Bring it back to me yeah bring it slow
Hardly fast cause this ain't race
Put my tongue in let me have a taste
See my addiction cure
My pain is sure the cause
Get a dose once gon' want some more
Cause you know my body yours
Don't care about your plans
Don't care about your man's
Don't run and move your hands
Big dick can make demands
Cause

(Bridge)
Now i'm high, really high, what the fuck you gonna do?
Now i'm high, really high, what the fuck you gonna do?
Now i'm high, really high, what the fuck you gonna do?
Now i'm high, really high, what the fuck you gonna do?

(Hook)
Now every since I can remember I been poppin' my collar
Poppin', poppin' my collar, poppin', poppin' my collar
Every since I can remember I been working these hoes
And they better put my money in my hand
Now every since I can remember I been poppin' my collar
Poppin', poppin' my collar, poppin', poppin' my collar
Every since I can remember I been working these hoes
And they-

(Break 1: Tony Montana)
I never fucked anybody over in my life didn't have it coming to them. You got that?

(Verse 3: SmveOnFridayz)
Since I could remember, on my birthday in September
I look smooth just like the members of my set, to the death
Niggas better do the key & peele for the internet
I don't smile ain't no laughter
4-5 a step to turn em into Casper
9-5 legit but flippin' it is faster
Tommy tried to tell em like a pastor

(Verse 4: Tommy Vandetta)
Praise to the Lord, from the core, getting pussy galore
Light skins got me evil off the gin with grin
Who is raw? Give me more, I need wet at the door
On my line, you can find out if the kid got the skin on me
Im a G, but I flee to the East, but i'm from out here so you tell me what that means
Oh shit
Niggas still living like a pastor, hands stay high for the master
I tell ya pull up

(Verse 5: Reggie Rude)
Im cooking crack now, back down, got the mac pound
Sit ya ass down, I'm mad wild, Reggie black out
Niggas still walk in circles when I cross they legs round
Now they run to get the god cause they think they Flash now
Getting mad cause I really do this
Niggas stupid, cause my vices is to be elusive
I Reggie Rude it
Getting ghost like a nigga Swazye
Bling blaow, diamonds dancing and I hope they save me
Come and get me like

(Break 2: Dave Chappelle)
Every time I smoke weed with my black friends, all you talk about is your trials and tribulations. I'm sick of that shit, i got my own problems nigga, thats a waste of weed. I'm smoking weed to run away from my problems, not take on yours!

(Conscience Outro)
Shit fire son...ya feel me? You heard all this shit...I know you heard all this shit man...its that "FT23" shit, ya niggas don't know nothing about that man. Feel me? Its that new shit, its that gang shit, gang gang gang nigga, fuck you talking bout nigga? Feel me? Straight like that my nigga...and you a bitch. Yup, I know

(Woman Outro)
Alright, good. Realizing that our own vices play a part in the things we lose is a big step forward
So here we are. Last question, you ready? So tell me...when did it begin to consume you? The loss I mean? When did the guilt eat at you so bad that you couldn't bear it any longer? When did you finally lose it all?