[Note: This version has additional lines in Bun B's verse]

[Pimp C]
Pimp C bitch! So what the fuck is up?
Step wrong nigga and I'll take ya fuckin nuts!
Got more dope than a pharmacy ho
Got a job for the city bitch, I'm shoveling snow
South Texas motherfucker that's where I stay
Gettin pussy from these bitches every god damn day
Kick it with a trill nigga so you best not trip
Bought the Caddy crossed the pier and kicked to Ganksta Nip
Selling weight, get it straight, fuck them 20s and 10's
Only love my fuckin momma no she {?} her friends
Motherfucker either down or the motherfucker ain't
And if ya bitch-ass ain't, then ya dick is in the paint
If ya gal look fine you better hide the bitch
Cause if I find her I'mma fuckin make her suck my dick
That goes for your momma and your sister too
And if I'm locked down then tell that shit might go for you
Don't try to get no false nuts, I take 'em sucker
Fuckin 'round with C you'll be a dead motherfucker
Nigga only 17 but I'm runnin the show
Sellin dope from Louisiana down to El Segundo, ha!
I think it's only fair that I should knock on wood
Cause my bitch is on the street, pussy sell real good
And all my ho know not to trip, bitch fuck pitty
I'll take out my nine and shoot ya in ya fuckin titty
Ho niggas forty-five tryin to, get with me
Sellin fifty dollar slabs as I'm slangin them ki's
If you need to get some powder I'm fully supplied
I got the, cocaine in the back of the ride, motherfucker!

[Hook: repeat 8X w/ variations]
Cocaine in the back of the ride (Yeeeeeah, motherfucker!)

[Bun B]
Aiyyo it's Bun B bitch, and I'm the king of the hubba trade
Pockets fat as fuck from all the ducats the brother made
Hoes like to jock, but see I try to contain 'em
They droppin them drawers because I move they cocaine in
But I just laugh, cause pussy games be triflin
The legs get spread, I cut that ass like a knife then
Bust a nut on her stomach, wash my dick in the sink
And buy a 40 at the store, from the god damn chink
Dope games keep ya SICK, just like a disease
Movin ki's makin G's, hoes drop to they knees
Little kids on the corner, steady grabbin they nuts
Sayin, "I wish I was Bun when I grow the fuck up"
Baby blue Riviera, Dayton and laced rims
Khaki pants, black sweater with the U.G.K. brim
Black gat fully loaded nigga come with respect
Step up the wrong way I'll break yo' god damn neck
Big dick in my drawers, the niggas from down South
Down to put a twelve gauge in yo' god damn mouth!
Think I'm playin bitch try me, it ain't no thang
Put them hands up bitch, and kiss this god damn ring
Cause I move tons of dope, twenty-four hours a day
Cocaine from Argentina to the 'Frisco bay
DEA try to stop me yo, but they shit ain't cold
Cause the nigga's got politicians on the Big Tyme payroll
Narcotic agents wearin cement shoes
Reported missin on the news, they singin the blues!
And if my money get fucked, I'll let it slide
It's just some mo' cocaine in the back of the ride, bitch!

{*Curtis Mayfield sample plays briefly*}

[Pimp C - Outro]
Yo, I wanna send this shit out to them motherfuckers
In PA sellin that dope
South Texas in the house, on the behalf of myself
Bun B, Big Tyme Records, and we outta here...

"Cocaine in the back of the ride" [- repeated 'til end of song