[Intro: Big Mike]
One more for the road, baby, ha ha ha
Yeah, check this out
We’ve come to the end of this muthafucka
It’s another chapter closed
Yeah, check this out
I’ma let my muthafuckin’ dawg roll this one off for y’all
Ay dog, check it out…

[Verse 1: Big Mike]
Five seconds for these niggas to get their ass in check
I starts my counting then them muthafuckas starts to jet
Five, four, three, and two, the one, niggas run
But some don’t run because they always after some
But what’s said is done so tell me, nigga, what the fuck you think you doin’?
You thinking I’m new to this shit but it’s enough of the niggas I always ruin
Forever down for mine and my mind says keep
I’m ready to tweak for my shit so nigga please don’t sleep
Because the sleep get beat just like they stole somethin’
And niggas better watch their back if they persist to frontin’
Fool, it ain’t nothin’ to break these muthafuckas off a chunk
Get ready to jump ‘cause every time I’m up, I’m monster dump
And you leave you laid, this game is played, nigga, with no rules
I thought you knew, these niggas are true to all that we do
Real in every way, what else can a nigga say?
This ain’t a muthafuckin’ game, nigga, so why play?

[Chorus]
On the 1, is how we drop it
Here it comes, you know you can’t stop it

[Verse 2: Bun B]
Fool, this ain’t a game, ain’t a joke, ain’t a toy
Stressin’ nothin’ but pistol play, come back when you’re packin’, boy
Shit, is it on? Is they drippin’? I can’t tell yet
They mean muggin’, but not a word they yell yet
They best not point, ‘cause if they do, I’m finna smoke they ass
Like a joint of indo, when I lean out the window
Where the fuck you been, hoe? Uh, do you know where the fuck you at?
Do you know this P.A. nigga will open up your back?
Bullets be stingin’, I be swingin’ on thangs
I hang with gangstas that be hustlin’—you ain’t down with all that?
Beat your feet, busta—it’s going on in the South
Be strapped for the riot if you got the nuts to try it
Outta town niggas full of trickness
Steppin’ up B.V. and catch a one way ticket to a click-fest
With nowhere to run, no gun, they didn’t understand that nigga Big Bun can
Drop it on the 1

[Chorus]
On the 1, is how we drop it
Here it comes, you know you can’t stop it

[Verse 3: Tré]
It’s Trizzé, here to keep your shit bumpin’
Nigga, drop your trunk in, pop this Gumbo Funk in
Watch me keep your head boppin’ ‘round all night
You can hit your left switch but the bass gon’ knock your ‘draulics to the right
Tight is what I bring to your ass on wax
I tax hoes and smack foes, react and attack those
Who oppose me, you knows me not
I hit bros like Tyson blows to the flows we got
Now, who’s that muthafucka that dares to mad-dog a G?
You catch a hollow tip from the clip, nigga, for mad-doggin’ me
And any nigga think I beef, get the fuck back, straighten nappy blue
Up and down, fool, no red in me nutsack
Now niggas to the left is asking me to hit the switches
Hoes to the right is asking to be one of my bitches
What is this? Run up in like the rock gets slung
I’m making ‘em bring it to your world and drop that shit on the 1

[Chorus]
On the 1, is how we drop it
Here it comes, you know you can’t stop it
On the 1, is how we drop it
Here it comes, you know you can’t stop it