[Bun B]
Well it's big Bun Beeda I built the track
With girls with tens and the bitches back
It ain't nowhere fans a bunch with these sluts
Just shake your butts and bring back that stack (stack)
The mack is back and he's sittin on chrome
With a piece of chain or Herringbone or nugget (nugget)
That don't mean him a real live ho
You ain't ready to roll then go on then, fuck it
Out them ducats, hoes better recognize
Niggas better recollect, Bun finna regulate
I hit yo' town (what) find me a ho stroll
Leave that bitch dry and head to another state (hold up)
Me and my brother can't wait when it come to the red
Cause we about that cash, cash
So if we can't convince ya we'll take your sister
Hit the highway and mash

[Hook: Bun B]
You got, bitches that will and you got bitches that won't
Man you got, bitches that do and you got bitches that don't
Man you got, bitches that can and you got bitches that cain't
You got bitches that know they are and bitches know that they ain't
No down bitch

[Pimp C]
Some girls suck, some don't dare
Some girls fuck, some don't care
I like the girl with the pussy hair
My partner Mike Mo like the pussy bare
Some girls scream, some girls moan
Swang Big Dick, swang Sweet Jones
Go and get the myth out the cobra head
Girl got down you niggas scared
I got a young yellow bitch, I'mma sing it loud
With a four-inch corner of jet-mink hair
Between her legs is where it great
And get the money out the nigga when she go on a date
I stay caked up, rocked up
Magnum rubbers stay socked up
I ain't tryin to get the wet dick
Hold my good but she ain't that slick
I know you want this high-dollar cum
Bitch know I got money, wanna get her some
Bitch you must, done lost your mind
The trick's niggas over there, you better get on the grind

[Hook]

[Dizzee Rascal]
Bitches not flexin ain't much good
I should and I would keep clear if I could
But when I do I just CAWN'T get away
Cause I gotta fuck all day every day
That leaves me run loco for real
All these chickenheads lie about deal
Ain't gotta do it up to make me chill
Find a good spot on the floor and kneel!
Know that my heart's in between my fires
Though I can't take when they look in my eyes
Lookin for love that's no surprise
Cum in her mouth, that's family ties
Then I hit it from the back, all the way
Slap that back and just lock cross say
Not freeze out without no delay
Girls in the chat, I ain't got shit to say

[Hook]

[Pimpin Ken]

Yeah yeah, this is your mother fucking boy Memphis, mother fucking Pimpin Ken; know what I'm talking about? You got two types of hoes know what I'm talking about, you got classic cokes, you understand those my type of bitches then you got the Pepsi generation. Those the new mother fucking hoes around this, know what I'm talking about? You know what I'm saying, different strokes for different folks. Some like Pepsi some like coke, you know me I just like the new generation. I like to smash on the younger bitches, you understand me. They’re the ones who really want to get the cash for a PIMP knows what I'm talking about? You know, you got hookers and lookers know what I'm talking about? You got bitches that go in the snake pit and really give a PIMP some shit; you know what I'm saying? Then you got them bitches, understand me won't even pack they feet on the mother fucking concrete, you know what I'm talking about? You see you got hoes, you understand me, they just dun make mistakes with Frostie flakes. Then you got hoes you understand that fuck with real PIMPS know what I'm talking about? You got black hoes, you got white hoes know what I'm talking about? Black bitches darker days, white bitches lighter days know what I'm talking about? Yeah fo'real know what I'm talking about? Fo'real mu'fuckin PIMP'in know what I'm talking about? You know me, like I told you niggas. One day I want mother fucking, is the back walls that’s gon' hold that 600 Benz up know what I'm talking about? Understand me Yeah but the black bitch, understand me she can push the car, you know what I'm saying with me and that white hoe, you know what I'm talking about. Yeah man, I ain't tryna die on the black bitches you understand me. I'll tell you one thing thou, understand me. The difference between a black bitch and the white bitch, understand me. The white bitch is gon' get it, get it, get it. And the, and the black bitch is gon'; not be with it, you know what I'm talking about. So man, you know what I'm talking about. This is the different kinda bitches you got out here, you understand me. The PIMP tryna understand what gives for you, you know what I'm talking about? You got hoes, you understand me that just are, really mother fucking hoes and you got hoes, really be and their mother fucking tippy toes, you know what I’m talking about? You got hoes you understand me, understand me that get it real fast like they turban ass then you got hoes know what I'm talking about they lazy know what I'm talking about? But me? Myself I'm looking for a hoe that’s famous like Amos get me, but only one thing, Amos bake cookies. Real hoes bake rookies know what I'm talking about? Yeah that’s the kinda hoe I’m looking for know what I'm talking about? Believe that man know what I'm talking about? Different strokes for different folks. Some hoes just like Pepsi and hoes just like Coke, man know what I'm talking about? Yeah man you know I just like to make a reference man, let you niggas know man. Understand coke is for the classic niggas and Pepsi is for the new generation know what I'm talking about? I want young bitches, something fine and qualified that wan be on Pimpin Ken's side know what I'm talking about? Yeah man I like the young and the restless baby, know what I'm talking about? You understand, I don't want no old bitch. I want hoes with mother fucking bank rolls know what I'm talking about? Yeah Pimpin, y'all can chop that up hoe y'all want too