("Mouse drop the track, that'll make you bounce it back")

[Hook - repeated 8X in background]
Cause I'm on (wipe me down!)
Cause I'm on (wipe me down!)

[Foxx - over Hook]
AYY, Mr. Wipe Down ya heard me?
Foxx-a-milli-on
This one's be the, REEEEEEMIIIIIIX!!!
Bad Azz! Savage Life! Foxx-a-milli-on
Man you already KNOW what it is, ya heard me?
We still on, we still ridin on chrome, we still pullin up, manye up

[Foxx - Verse One]
(Yeah!) I pull up at the club V-I-P
Gas tank on "E" but all dranks on me (wipe me down!)
Fresh kicks, fresh white, tall tee
Fresh NFL hat, fresh bauds wit the crease (wipe me down!)
Pussy niggas wanna hit me wit da heat
Real recognize real, real niggas don't speak (wipe me down!)
Jiggalatin I been rollin bout a week
You can tell I got cake by the diamonds in my teeth (wipe me down!)

[Jim Jones- Verse Two]
Now wipe me down, at least brush the shoulders off
A night on the town, sheesh you should know the cost
A nigga breeze we had to deal to pull the roses off
Three hundred G's for the D's just to blow exhaust (You smell me?)
Two hundred G's on my sleeve cause I'm showin off
No clouds in the stones the need be's are goin off (Whatv else?)
Ladies on the scene till I drive and spin around (GO!!!)
Hit the block tell the fiends wipe the rims down (GO!!!)
Hit the chirp tell the team time to hit the town (GO!!!)
Hit the club tell the waiter order me some bottles (GO!!!)
Left the club with a shorty for the (?) (Then What!)
From the club to the telly shorty that's the model
The high got her on me (Uh huh!) Then why I got her horny
And then rise like a orgy, she doin freaky things as the engine go vroom
Tell her we don't need no room (No)
She could go down while I look up at the moon

[Hook: Foxx]
Cause I'm on (wipe me down!)
Cause I'm on (wipe me down!)
Cause I'm on (wipe me down!)
Cause I'm on (wipe me down!)
Cause I'm on (wipe me down!)
Cause I'm on (wipe me down!)
Cause I'm on (wipe me down!)
Cause I'm on (wipe me down!)

[Jim Jones] (Foxx)
Car, Dash, Rims, Wheels
Car, Dash, Rims, Wheels
Car, Dash, Rims, Wheels
Car, Dash, Rims, Wheels (wipe me down!)

[Lil' Boosie - Verse Three]
B-O-O-S-I-E
B-A-D-A-Z-Z - that's me (wipe me down!)
Red bones caramel all o'em stop and stare
ALL o'em tryna steal my underwear (hahaha) (wipe me down!)
I like to floss like Rick Ross, got a hit called "Set It Off"
When I sang it E'RYBODY +set it off+ (wipe me down!)
Black mink damn I don't play wit me
I bust ya dome, eight whips on chrome, you can gon (wipe me down!)

[Fat Joe - Verse Four]
P-P-Party Like A Rockstar!!! T-T-T-Totally Dude!!!
The bezel on the watch is totally rude
I beg your pardon but the Benz is so huge I mean the Maybizzy
We closin curtains like it's Moulin Rouge
Yeah! I do the honors I strip ya Prada, Dolce Gabbana
Make It Rain in her mouth call it a baby shower
Now Wipe Me Down cause bitch I'm on!!!
Yeah! I ring bells like that kid name Sean
Now! He he he he ha!!! Yeah I had to laugh
Two million ringtones and another half
Y'all fuck boys go and do the fuckin math
Now that's what the fuck I call bringin crack back

[Hook: Foxx]
Cause I'm on (wipe me down!)
Cause I'm on (wipe me down!)
Cause I'm on (wipe me down!)
Cause I'm on (wipe me down!)
Cause I'm on (wipe me down!)
Cause I'm on (wipe me down!)
Cause I'm on (wipe me down!)
Cause I'm on (wipe me down!)

[Webbie - Verse Four]
Hot drop, drop top, top drop
Hoes drop it like it's hot, yea nigga I'm the shit! (wipe me down!)
You see this ice on my wrist, how it glist
Soon as the light hit, you can't lie the ice sick (wipe me down!)
Purple got me smellin funky red monkey
Five hunnid dollars on 'em you ain't seen these yet (wipe me down!)
BEATIN' you can hear me way around the corner
Paint wet wit the 24's on 'em that's a bet [Boom! Boom!] (wipe me down!)

[Jadakiss - Verse Five] (Foxx)
Been nice with the pen, four pipes on the em
When y'all little dudes see me before you smile and grin
Know it ain't a game I told you it ain't a game
LV on the buckle YLS on the frame (wipe me down!)
This is real talk, stainless steel hawk
I'm a put the work in but when I pass it off
I'm tryin to cuff her I just need a couple minutes
Red Bull and Guiness, do my thing let her (wipe me down!)
Then I'm finished, Kiss is a menace
Nah you ain't seen these Airs if I'm in 'em
Polo Shirt yeah of denim
Sicles on my neck and hand, better check ya man
Brand new so I doubt if this tek will jam
Don't even ask who the best is, yes I am
I'm a winner, therefore I can't lose
Shoulders and the chest first then come the pants and shoes (wipe me down!)

[Outro: Foxx]
Shoulders, Chest, Pants, Shoes
Shoulders, Chest, Pants, Shoes
Shoulders, Chest, Pants, Shoes (Savage Life! Foxx-a-milli-on)
Shoulders, Chest, Pants, Shoes (Man you already KNOW what it is, ya heard
Me?)(wipe me down!)

[Jim Jones] (*Foxx)
Car, Dash, Rims, Wheels (D-Block, who else, Joey Crack, Terror Squad!)
Car, Dash, Rims, Wheels (Who else? Lil' Boosie)
Car, Dash, Rims, Wheels
Car, Dash, Rims, Wheels (REEEEEMIIIIIIXXXXXXXXX!!!) (wipe me down!)