[Intro: Kodak Black]
Ayy, ayy, you know, you know why I fuck with Cardi B?
'Cause they be thinkin', they be thinkin' both of us crazy and shit
Like this sound like some, some, some, Bodak Orange shit
Or some, some Kodak Orange shit, man... like... ayy

[Chorus: Cardi B & Kodak Black]
Said lil' bitch, you can't fuck with me if you wanted to (ayy, ayy, ayy)
These expensive, these is red bottoms, these is bloody shoes
(woo, woo, woo! yah, yah, they're bloody shoes, bloody shoes)
Hit the store, I can get 'em both, I don't wanna choose (yah, yah, yah, wanna choose, ayy)
And I'm quick, cut a nigga off, so don't get comfortable, look (woo! yah, yah, yah, bih', don't get comfortable, ayy, ayy, ayy)
I don't dance now, I make money moves (yeah bih', I make money moves, ayy)
Said I don't gotta dance, I make money moves, (woo!, bih, I make money moves, ayy, ayy, ayy)
If I see you and I don't speak, that means I don't fuck with you (nigga, I don't fuck with you, ayy, I don't fuck with you)
I'm a boss, you a worker, bitch, I make bloody moves (yah, I make money moves)

[Verse: Kodak Black]
I ain't worried 'bout her, that's an old ho
You thought I was comin' with my old flow
Kodak ain't com to take no photo
I don't even pull up in a four door
I just hit a lick, hit the load though
All my life smokin' on JoJo
He was just posted up with dough though
Now he gettin' slammed by the popo
Thuggish, buggish, ruggish shit
I can't leave the streets, I love this shit
Never gave a shit 'bout a messy bitch
I ain't never take a risk for a petty lick
I'm at Digital Heights and I'm goin' on a heist
Dead presidents, John Kennedy
Dead presidents, pockets Mount Everest
When I step on the scene it's a felony (yeah, yeah)
Christian Louboutin (yeah)
These ain't Louis Vuittons (huh)
Hit a Kodak Bop on nae nae
I wanna top me a Nae Nae
Now I'm in a white whip, no mayonnaise
Stole a new car for me, Audi A8
Cardi B brought the beat, told me re-rock the heat
Try me, I'll do the race like I'm Tay-K
It ain't no flockin' over here, lil' buddy
All of us zombies over here, lil' buddy
All of us robbin' 'cause they love your money
Got our own money, but we love your money
Crack a nigga's head wide open like a pumpkin
Jaguar F-Type orange like a pumpkin
Young nigga, I got old hundreds
Smokin' K2 with my bunkie (woo!)

[Chorus: Cardi B]
Lil' bitch, you can't fuck with me if you wanted to (woo!)
These expensive, these is red bottoms, these is bloody shoes (woo, woo!)
Hit the store, I can get 'em both, I don't wanna choose
And I'm quick, cut a nigga off, so don't get comfortable, look (ayy, woo!)
I don't dance now, I make money moves (ayy, ayy)
Said I don't gotta dance, I make money moves (woo!)
If I see you and I don't speak, that means I don't fuck with you
I'm a boss, you a worker, bitch, I make bloody moves (bloody moves, bloody moves, bloody moves...)