[Verse 1]
I ask the lord to send me a sign, I thought that I was blind cause I ain't never seen the sign. but the sign showed after time when I finally Realized it was too late to rewind
Guess I was just waiting on that sign, So I got up and went out on my grind. Cause I use to cry cause ain't no food in the house
Seeing all the older niggas man they use to shine, use to have the pretty girls and I just hoped that they was mine
Hypnotized, I was just nine. Black boy robbed a nigga right in front of my eyes
Rapping killed  time the years flowed by til I got old enough to run up on ya with that nine
The light man we became friends, I see em so much he cutting off the light again?!
I know his name co-workers and his kid, he ain't coming in the work truck he coming in his van
The more my stomach growled, the more I wanna lay a nigga down....take yo shit and make em cry
Mama got robbed in July I watched her cry,  so I don't care bout yours cause they ain't care bout mine
But look at me now, they told me settle down, PBL charges got me waiting on trial
Oh so ya know now? They sign read "you never know til' you find out"
The things I found out... but they don't understand what goes on in my house
Ain't no love if ya broke! cause if ya broke they treat you like a bad joke, they don't even wanna laugh with you
When you shittin on em you can make em do anything, they'll even wipe ya ass for ya
In this worldddd... full of fame and pretty girls, It can make ya mind swirl
But you just gotta thank, the devil he gone play get in yo brain, have ya runnin in them banks
But now I just want the world to scream my name, don't even club im the reason why they came
Taking people shit im the reason for they pain
Baker Act, I'm all the way insane
Poking houses going crazy bout them chains
Them Cuban links and them rings
Its deep the sign I couldn't see, look at me now im getting weak look at me now I can't sleep
Look at ya boy I can't eat...Ion thank ain't never thank all for some money I just might blow it all in a week
But its Kodak you niggas know dat ! im bout whatever and ill hit a nigga like a road-rat
But fuck dat ! right na im chilling, slow money cause fast money will get me sentenced
I was in it they say im a menace, say im sleeping and when I wake up ill be in prison
Im chilling, this how im feeling...give me a deal give me mill. so im finished
Forget it im still with it... to mask up and hit yo granny for a penny
They say im stupid, they say im foolish
Kamikaze, Baker Act, but I know what I'm doing
Fuck school everybody on the campus, I did it so im ready for all of the consequences
Hard to trust a nigga do I know? They hate lil koly'on so paranoid might have to blow you!
Fuck a friend family too ION KNOW YOU !
Bastard child hey daddy ION KNOW YOU !

[Outro]
Mmmmmm...mmmmmm
Gone change gone cha-ange, gone rain gone rainnn, feel pain feel painnn, just gotta maintain main-tain
Gone change gone cha-ange, gone rain gone rainnn, feel pain feel painnn, just gotta maintain main-tain