[Intro:]
Project Baby
Section 8
On the corner boy
I won't sugar coat, I let the whole world know

[Verse]
Where would i be if i didn't run these streets
If i wouldn't running with my heat would they still fuck with me?
If i ain't jump off that porch hotter than a torch
Say I'm a fool stop going to school, Now look I'm going to court
Hearing these voices in my head just can't ignore em
Lord help i got eviction letters stuck at my door
I done lost my mind i was kicking doors down DA want me direct file
She say I'm punishable by life
Nowhere to go so I'm in the dope pole and its getting cold
Nowhere else to go because my home just ain't home
Man my daddy out there having fun and I'm own my own
Jit gotta get right man live my life so wrong
Nigguhs tryna earn stripes so i ride all night with my chrome
And these crackers steady harassing me won't leave Lil Black alone
Man i was dropping chicos for a mil now I'm dropping songs
I get on these pills and ooh i get in my zone
I was raised round hobos 44s getting chased by the popos
Man i remember sleeping in them stolos
Dat project baby youngest nigguh out the camp
Wilding and cool ooh where would i be without them?
Just listen to me man Im'a tell yaw how it is
Im'a hit the booth tell the truth this how i feel
Ain't changing for no industry this how i live
If I keep rapping this shit for the streets i don't need no deal
And i miss my nigguh Croshawn he go hard
Shoutsout to John-John he taught me how to shoot that ball
And Angelo that my nigga though he taught me how to work that pistol
Then my nigga died and i miss him lost my nigga to the system
We was used to war, we was poppin' off takin' cars ya'll playin' around in the park
Thug holiday rest in peace Lil Purp its true them demons gone for real truth hurts
Okay just one more pill I'm on the lurk and if I'm ya boy then god tell me why i feel so cursed
And i get down and pray and pray but it just don't work
And I'm comin' to you wit my pain but it just gettin' worse
Ain't nothin' funny why you laughin'? Nigguh wipe yo smirk Man they took lil Wayne head out his foreign riding and it hurts And all them memories turn fantasy now they on a shirt
Took em off this earth just to go n put em off in the dirt
I'm a rock the verse, Swear to god Im'a put this rap shit first Even when my pockets hurt and I'm feelin' like snatching a purse
But im go hold on just gotta hold on to my dreams
Can't let my dream fade away no way i never sleep
Committing these felonies asking god for a sign am i blind to what you tellin me?
You joking boy? You better be
Cuz I whine to you when I cry to you and get on my swellin' knees
And this all that you got here for me?
But how would it be? If i would've took the good route?
And put my foot down? And shake that monkey off my hook now?
Now how would it be?
How would it be?