[Hook]
I'm smooth as Jay-Z, hard as 'Pac
Some even say "You remind me of Biggie"
Fuck them labels man

[Gravy talking]
It's time to talk about some real shit man. E'rything that happened to me man

[Verse One]
It's hard to creep in these Brooklyn streets
Man fuck all that bicker and beef, I can't sleep
Niggas wanna rattle me, saying they wanna battle me
But I ain't never heard of duke
Man, save that for Murda Mook
I'm the best I don't need no booth
Ask Sigel, I'm The Truth
My calico will twist ya wig
The only CD in my truck is Hov, Kiss and Big
Besides Warner, ain't no other labels believe in me
I got fronted on by TVT
Def Jam couldn't understand the DVD
We took the streets by storm, easily
Bad Boy didn't have no space
And S Dot C told me the best thing to do was wait
Never

[Hook] {x2}

[Interlude: Gravy talking]
Sal from Universal, said he'd rather sign Lumidee. Ha. I sat down with Dave McPherson but that was like sitting down with Bryant Gumble

[Verse Two]
I'm a shining star
But I'm still hood and I might stick Tyra for that diamond bra
I'm always carrying chrome
But the D's wanna take my medals away like Marion Jones
My 4-5's an organ popper
I've been doing this Gerald Wilkins was a Jordan stopper
I can hear the haters crying from blocks away
A lot of niggas flows man, is boring as hell
Me and Foxy killed shit on Story To Tell
B.K. man, I run that holmes, so if you a tough guy
Prove that shit, where your gun at holmes?
Dude said they gon' find me and stick me
Cause they heard that I'm cool with 50
And my advance on my wrist is 150
And I brought some new guns so come and get me

[Hook]

[Interlude: Gravy talking]
Eric Nixon is selling dreams at Def Jam. Like he was selling two for fives. Sylvia Rhone said I was too hard...but then she said I sound like Fab'. Trevor over at J-Records...he was fronting. I took like 19 meetings with him. Now I took 20 with Merlon Barr. Brian Leech was cool. But you know...ain't nothing happen. As usual. Kedar Massenburg fired Charles Suitt, huh...cause he believed in me. Steve Stoute said he ain't doing hip hop no more. I could understand that. Mark Jordan at Columbia...he only in love with features. The Maloof brothers tried to take me to Las Vegas. But holmes, I don't gamble. The funny thing about it is...half the people who fronted on me...got fired. And I got a new deal. Ha ha