[Chris]
Curtains close on a chapter before we know it
Set the stage for that next shit let's go...
What you on jo, What you on?
I'm under the act of that next shit for the moment
Ask for forgiveness, not permission, jo we goin
Live out this chapter. The next ones atonement
Holdin on to my integrity while getting on. Shit
Dog eat dog world. Where the fuck you think I'm from, bitch?
I am not a martian, Chicago is where my home is
Lords on the 7 over east I ain't mess with
Terrortown stones shot folks on Essex
Warring on the 9. I'm livin on 82nd
My block was quieter than most. What a blessing
83rd to the 9, Yates back to Jeffery
I'm in the middle of it really you shouldn't expect shit
In this world not of it though. Now that's perspective

[Dave]
I ain’t worried ‘bout dying, all dogs go to heaven
Last night I had a dream, shots hit me on the 7
Found the shooter on the 9 with that AK47
Then them looters started riots. Made the news by 11
Set the city on fire, one way or the next homie
I’m sick and tired of getting skinny while they slept on me
Them dick riders disappear when it falls down
They say the prophet is a martyr in his hometown
The profit margins we pocket from shows getting slimmer
While promoters profit from pimping and we the hoes now
They pardoning politicians to give ‘em shows now
Olympics pass on the city, can't fix them roads now
The Bulls winning, but these niggas still bullshitting
Kids killing kids over J’s and a Bulls fitted
Still gave them kids like 26 years
Over Derrion killing but my heart still here

[GLC]
I correspond this ism is of a don
This pimping magic I’m only missing the wand
The cheerleaders, I see ‘em twirling batons
When they see me running game they aim to cheer me on
Cuz I’m b-b-b-b-bad, bad to the bone
And they n-n-never had real pimp before
I control they mind, I embrace they soul
Its a cold world, but it ain't that cold
True hustler, cruise like blues brothers
Not guilty of what they accuse us of
Wake up everyday, new struggles
Tryna avoid the old and new troubles
Gas high as hell, the caddy take premium
Hoes tryna hit me on bbm [church!]
Manifest, they asking me to sleep with them. [ism!]
After I smash, I’m back out on the streets again. [cathedral!]