[Hook]
Why you talk like that? Because I'm from the hood
And that's all I heard and all I understood
Man, why you talk like that? Because I'm from the hood
And that's all I heard and all I understood
So when I say ghost it's cuz I've gone baby
And if I say toast I'm probably gone baby
And if you stay close it won't be long baby
I said you gonna see a change, we out here doing things

[Verse 1: Illekt]
They look down on me cuz the way I talk
And my vocabulary probably outline 'em in chalk
I'm ill grammatical, words acrobatical
Toss 'em like a lateral, the damage is collateral
But MC's on sabbatical, damn I'm as bad as those
'89 Pistons, I'm on a higher mission, maybe if you listen
You can find some things in your life that's missing
We are all born under circumstances pre-existing
Some with the silver spoon, others straight into a tomb
Some will make it but most will be consumed
By this fast-food test-tube pill-popping bottle
Make it rain on princes dancing for change
This shit is strange and I'm the one they don't understand
This shit's insane and they wonder why I talk like I do, man
Just look at you, man. Just look at you

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Jasson Perez]
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo
Too many conscious rappers can't face facts (ooh I'm so deep)
The drug dealers happen to make better rap
But I'ma bring it back, 2011 Ras Kass
Enslave Caucasians for ten generations (oh no, not me!)
Make them thank me for emancipation (yeah yeah, bow down motherfuckers!)
Settle for revenge insteada reparations
What the fuck? Should I be patient? (vote whitey, man)
Come from the place where the drugs don't work
I can't get merc'd, the feeling don't hurt
Need a shrink just to think, a meeting not to drink (I'm so lazy) (help help!)
Ten years sober, Red Bull, hung over (man)
Feeling like life's over but it's really mediocre
Evidently it's elementary, they want us like Barack eventually
Imperialism blackface, embrace the self-hate in hopes you relate
Guess what? I don't think this country is great (this sucks)

[Hook]
(First it was Chuch, me and Chuch got on the move
Cuz I'm rotating, doing the do
GLC rotating with the true playa partners BBU
Associates) (Ism!)

[Verse 3: GLC]
Manifestation of this pimp in the nation (Ism!)
I embrace the Ism, father dead on vacation (Chuch!)
Grew up around the corner from some pimp situations (damn!)
So when I grew up I pimped hard cuz it's in my nature (Chuch!) (damn!)
Seen gangsters getting money, hoes in the power
When momma went to work I made more in an hour
At a time back when PE told me fight the power
Seen pimps driving Caddies, thinking ha I'ma buy one (Chuch!)
Sheeit, I had to figure how I would come up
I hustle all night and count my paper at sunup
I had a piston for a pussy that run up
Haters was thirsty, streets was dry like the tundra (damn!)
Received knowledge from no Farrakhan speeches (Chuch!)
At the mosque but Don Juan he reached me (Ism!)
So naturally I would choose to pimp bitches
That's how Chuch got on the move in my Ism Cathedral (Chuch!)

[Hook]
([Video version] Everything, my Ism is in effect, nigga
GLC on the motherfucking track
Epic, Epic, Epic, right here)

[Verse 4: Epic]
Fuck it, I happen to spit it this way (ok)
Do it for Twista, do it for Ye
Born in a movement, this shit is insane
Poor people power, don't pity my pain
Pain, something requiring change
Lane, half the MC's in our lane
Fame, something you never attain
But hope to sustain a-playing a game, main
And his church on a move, do
Mixing you something to groove to
EPLC with a screw loose
'Bout to get in you like prune juice (oh my god)
Crackers like who let these coons loose?
Treat the Tea Party like Doom II
I pity the fool that you screw ...
Cool cool for hope and stuff
Still in shows when we open up (let me get that out you)
Treat rap like Green Day and rope the Dutch
New to you dudes but all my niggas know I'm clutch
Starving for real food, already know I'm lunch
Why? Why won't you notice us?
GLC and BBU, golden child, we the chosen ones
Like a'ight, a'ight, a'ight, a'ight, a'ight, I want the knife! (let it go!)

[Hook]

[Outro: GLC]
Man, motherfucker wanna know 'bout this motherfucking Ism of they speak and try to embrace the concept, manifest the manuscript, and profess this pimpin' proglify, know what I'm talking 'bout, the proclamation is what it is, first it was Chuch, me and Chuch got on the move, know what I'm talking 'bout? you can't beat Chuch on the move, if you ain't Chuch you gotta be church first and if you're church first you gotta be motherfucking purse first, you gotta understand to raise your attitude, your motherfucking latitude and your altitude, take your motherfucking pimpin' to new heights, we pimpin' thirty thousand feet in the motherfucking air, turn off your motherfucking mobile devices, anything with a motherfucking battery, till we get up there, this motherfucking Chuch on the move, GLC doing the do, rotating with the true playa partners BBU and I am the Ism (Chuch!)