U Got Me U Got Me... [Rap] See I was out buyin chanel bags, while I was doin dat u turned up ur swag (U got Me) Yup caught me slippin well get ur hustle on shawty I ain't trippin (U Got Me). I been in da game since 03' u can try but u still can't do it like me (U Got Me). I hate it when they talk about me, but I love it when they talk about me (U Got Me). I got a lil too prissy I didn't expect y'all bitches tryna get me (U Got Me). But I'mma need that u can go and write ur blogs I don't need ur feedback (U Got Me). See I was on da red carpet when I shoulda been in da studio layin down hot shit (U Got Me). Madder than a motherfucker, I can't lie a bitch madder than a motherfucker (U Got Me) I'm badder than a motherfucker been up all night like a UPS trucker (U Got Me). I'm back up on my job, I'm back up in da trap, shawty give me dap(U Got Me). Back in my falsetto, got me takin off these five-inch stilettos (U Got Me). Back up out my phantom, I'm back up in da jeep, back up in these streets (U Got Me). I'm all fired up, and tell ur informant I'm all wired up (U Got Me). Please no pictures, (U Got Me). Up off of my twitter, (U Got Me). I'm back up on my ish, and when I see da stage I'mma black bag dat bitch (Next song). I'mma black bag dat bitch, and when I see da stage I'mma black bag dat bitch, (Next song). I'mma black bag dat bitch and when I see da stage I'mma black bag dat bitch. Ohhhh (ohhh ahhh ahhh ahhh) I'mma black bag dat bitch (no ohhhhh) I'mma black bag dat bitch oh yeah and u can tell dat I'mma black dat bitch. [Song] I shoulda listened to myself, before I let u in. I shoulda warned myself, tell me again and again. I shoulda cautioned myself, before I fell in love wit u. But I just pushed myself... That's what lovers do ohh ohh. Pickin up the pieces of my heart, I'm tired of lovin u in da dark. I wish I coulda seen... What u had planned for me... Fancy clothes, and fancy cars will go that far but turn into misery... When u don't go wit ur Basic Instinct (Ohh) Wit ur Basic Instinct (Ohh) Wit ur Basic Instinct (Ohh Ohh) Yeah oh yeah (13x)