[Intro: T.I.]
Say Foxx? (Yeah-eah-eah...)
I had, I had a chick man (Yeah-eah-eah...)
She went and did me real wrong, I mean (Yeah-eah-eah...)
I did the same thing to her but
She ain't have no right to do me like that though dawg, for real
(Yeah-eah-eah...)

[Verse 1: Jamie Foxx]
You, been seeing him, and I know
And I was with her, and you knew about it
But I was too bli-i-ind to see it baby
And you was out here doing the same thing as me
I wanna ask, has he been by the crib?
Has he been in our, car? And did you let him, drive?
Cause she's been by the house, she's been in the car
I've even let her push the Porsche around a couple times

[Bridge: Jamie Foxx]
Oh, we were so the same
I don't know why I can't see it baby
And it ain't a point to feeling blue
You're just like me and I'm just like you

[Hook: Jamie Foxx]
You're just like me, shorty all up in the club
Popping bottles of that Bub, giving all them dudes hugs
And you just like me, she don't know how to act
On the floor backin it back, man I can't be mad
She just like me-e-ee-e-e
She just like me-e-ee-e-e
She just like me-e-ee-e-e
She just like me...

[Verse 2: Jamie Foxx]
Now it's so easy for me to imagine what you been doing baby
So I don't even have to ask (No)
Cause you ain't the only one that's been keeping secrets baby
So it ain't no sense in me playing back
And I, can't say nothing cause I did you wrong
And I was on some bullshit when I let that bitch up in our home
She's also known just like me
And she played the game like one of my homies

[Bridge: Jamie Foxx]

[Hook: Jamie Foxx]
You're just like me, shorty all up in the club
Popping bottles of that Bub, giving all them dudes hugs
And you just like me, she don't know how to act
On the floor backin it back, man I can't be mad
She just like me-e-ee-e-e (Getting money, having fun, man she)
Just like me-e-ee-e-e (In the club, throwing ones, man she)
Just like me-e-ee-e-e (24's on the Range)
Just like me... (Go on shawty do your thang)

[Verse 3: T.I.]
Hey!
Shawty who you fooling? You, know I'm way too cool for you
To run that game when we play me, trying to do me like I be doing you
Say you heard I was screwing her just like I hear he doing you
Why you worried about me doing me? I see you doing you
I can make her better though, you gonna let him ruin you
Just for the record know I wouldn't have her unless I could have the two of you
I know why he pursuing you, that booty do be moving boo
Late night, straight pipe, that ain't nothing new to you
Wait a minute, can't tell me shit, wanna tell me something, tell me this
If I would've never would've hit that chick, would you even ever know that dude existed?
Naw, got me twisted, yo ass goodbye I've kissed it
Now you all on his dick, shawty look at this bitch

[Hook: Jamie Foxx]