(Yung Honto)
Yo
What up it's Yung Honto
On yo bitch's Taco like some, cilantro
My gang is we are guys bitch
Fuck a fucking lie bitch
I flip pancakes like I'm guy Fieri
I eat ass like spaghetti
I'll Jab your eye out like Fetti
Head Rush'n like I'm Getty
I'm slapping the bass, bitch get slapped in the face
I put my fucking ass in your face
Kiss my booty hole if you a fucking race-
ist
Yo, fuck a Tristin Carsner bitch. I get boy Dream up on yo ass heeeeeeee
(Yung Shvrt)
Hey, Hey, hey, hey
I'm the granny-killa, I'M the granny killa
Get the granny killed when I blood, when I filla, aye
Alright blow that granny's titty, aye
If he's younger than 7 I'm gon have to fuck em
(the rest is up to interpretation)
CHORUS
You think Sesame Street seem safe? It ain't
Goons run up on you in the middle of the night. Make a bitch faint(Middle of the night, Make a bitch faint, hey)
Yo purse got snatched and you don't know what to do? File a complaint(Aye)
Hope WAG don't see yo ass in the street. Bitch better pray
Yo ass get cooked.
Bobby Fillet. Bobby Fillet. Wag Don't play. (aye)
Bobby Fillet. Bobby Fillet. Wag Don't play. (Yea, Wag Does not play)
Bobby Fillet. Bobby Fillet. Wag Don't play. (Yea, Bobby Fillet Music)
Bobby Fillet. Bobby Fillet. Wag Don't play. (Subscribe to my YouTube Channel)
(Lex Lubert)
I see Big Bird's ass in the street
I kick that nigga in the motherfucking beak
strangle big-bird-bird-brain and WAG turning up on
Se-Same-Street
I put a chopper to a nigga dome and let it fly
go go gadget
bust three off in Oscar's ass
like a 1940's faggot
WAG like button go ahead and smash it
Grandkids say it a bad habit
well granpop didn't raise no faggots
see a receipt ya nigga gonna grab it
check yo medicine cabinet
yo syrup I snatched it
Sex drive Rodger Rabbit
2- inch dick I whack it
just huffed cat piss
Bars like receipts Lex Lubert bout to pass it
(The Dream)
I got the bars from Lubert
Ya girl acting up, calling Uber
I'm on the track, we got that swag
we dem boys, we call it WAG
You know what it is we purple sippin
You see my wrist, so cold it's dripping
This verse ain't, written down
I'm spitting bars, cos I like the sound
If you think I'm a rapper, I'm not
Yo girl, aye she a hoe, A.K.A she a thot
I won't give her, all this pipe
She can only, stay the night
This is the introduction, I'm The Dream
My nigga Cake Boss Sippin the lean
We do that shit, all day, all night
Jolly rancher, dirty Sprite
I can tell you what I had alalala
I can tell you what I had for breakfast
I got in there, I flipped it in 30 seconds
I take a bite I relax
I put the maple syrup on her back
What should I do with these notes?
Six point game Kobe Bryant cos I'm the G.O.A.T
(Cake Boss)
Let's go. Cake Boss on the track bitch
I never did fuck with no pie
you hear any different that shit is a lie
I'm sippin on Sprite, and no it ain't clean
You say my bitch decent the fuck do you mean?
I'm blowing on ganja until I see green
I take one more puff then I pass it to Dream
I sleep with a Mac laying under my pillow
Back the fuck up, me no amirillo
yo ugly ass in my pic bitch you get cropped
yo girl look like burnt toast, Cake Boss, stop
Pause the beat
(Lil Boobie)
WAG blow you brains out on the street
called Sesame bitch, my balls are deep
In the mouth of the motherfucking chief of police
I slap that ass and I skeet on both cheeks
I'll shave my head bald and dive face first in your
grand pop's snatch
Chewin Nicorette
with a nicotine patch
On my scrotum
Call me Jagjit I'mma bomb your house and I'll fix your
motem
Plus I've never even looked a man in both eyes
Even kung fu masters try to fight me and he dies
and he dies bitch We Are Guys, punk bitch
We Are Guys.Cock-sucking mofos
We Are flies
We Are fries. Dick- sukcing Little-fucker-little-sucker-suckerfish
We Are pies
got my nephew swaddling my balls
got my nephew swaddling my malls
Time for a show down, it's about to go down
Bobby Fillet, it's a Bar-b-que
Throwdown