(Intro)

Lalalala...
Lalalalalalalaaa...
Lalalala

​(Verse 1)

​Ill go whenever you press play, ​pause whenever you want babe
​Do whatever you want babe, ​Ill sing whatever you want babe
Make love whenever you want to, do whatever we gone do. No ones here but us two
Me and you
​
(Hook)

​The boy got so much dirt on me, I swear if they was the sex police they
Could lock a bitch up for the century
This boy got so much dirt on me, I swear if he told us out where could I go?
Keep my property... private
Between me and you they ain't gotta know what we do
Keep my
Property... private don't want them all up in my business affecting my my
Property private your heart driving me safe, wanna feel safe but keep my
Property private gotta maintain a squeaky clean image while I'm riding round and I'm getting it
​
​Ahhh Ahhh Ahhh Yeaaa x2

(Verse 2)​

​Mmmm, Don't Stop until you finish, so bad feels like I'm sinning. So God
Please forgive me for what I'm bout to do
​Treat me like your object, please baby don't stop it
You say no, I say
Yes, the best I ever had
​
(​Hook)

​The boy got so much dirt on me, I swear if they was the sex police they
Could lock a bitch up for the century
This boy got so much dirt on me, I swear if he told us out where could I go? Keep my property... private
Between me and you they ain't gotta know what we do
Keep my
Property... private don't want them all up in my business, affecting my my
Property private your heart driving me safe, wanna feel safe but keep my
Property private gotta maintain a squeaky clean image while I'm riding
Round and I'm getting it

(Kid Culprits)

She a get it girl
And I been waiting for a minute girl
I'm going straight to dessert no dinner girl
In it a couple hours, I ain't even finished girl
And imma keep it private as long as you let me hit it girl
Bet they don't know that you a sinner girl
But you picture perfect don't worry bout that image girl
I got this pretty little thang on lock
This pretty little thang on lock
Cuz she hops on top with no top riding in the drop
Minute she drops stick cuz she gives good...
No I don't know if that ring finger gonna get a rock
But I tear that thing up call a doc real talk

(Outro)

Ahhh Ahhh Ahhh Yeaaa x3