Ballin' Underground, Mike Jones, who?
My album, 'Who Is Mike Jones?'
Comin' next, baby, spread the word, call me up Watts

Ninety, ninety percent grind, ten, ten percent sleep
Ninety, ninety percent grind, ten, ten percent sleep
Ninety, ninety percent grind, ten, ten percent sleep
I grind so much that I hardly get sleep

You don't work, you don't eat
You don't grind, you don't shine
You don't work, you don't eat
You don't grind, you don't shine

You don't work you don't eat
You don't grind you don't shine
[Incomprehensible]

Swisha, Swishahouse made ya without a major deal
Swisha, Swishahouse made ya without a major deal
Swisha, Swishahouse made ya without a major deal
Swisha, Swishahouse made ya without a major deal

I put my heart and soul in each track, 'cause I don't wanna go back
Three years ago 'cause if so then I might fall back
To the streets that I call home, the block where the dopes grown
The block where you setup a house and get yo cash on

I ain't playin', peep the lyrics I'm sayin'
Everybody on their knees believe me ain't prayin'
Everybody that hang around you ain't cool like they saying
When they pull out guns and somebody pop up sprayin'

If not, then ya should move around
'Cause they be the same people that put ya underground
Day to day grindin' and hustlin', got me hot like an oven
But I been grindin' since day one, ya'll just seen seven months of it

Niggas sayin' I'm hot 'cause I'm with the house
Nigga I'm hot cause I spit hot shit outta my mouth
And I got fans that's down with me like Bobby and Whitney
Like I said on before da kappa if you want me come get me

Cause I ain't goin' nowhere, like Big Tymers oh yeah
Ya turn yo neck and I'm fuckin' yo' whole year
Stickin' dick in her mouth, makin' her pass out
Then I'm kickin' her ass out 'cause she fuck with me smash shot

Why? 'Cause I'm Mike Jones, Who? 'Cause I'm Mike Jones
Who? 'Cause I'm Mike Jones, Who? 'Cause I'm Mike Jones

And I'mma forever gonna stay real till the day that I get killed
I chill with my niggas that so real
'Cause Mike Jones is no punk, playboy I got spunk
Start trippin' and come up missin' and somebody else drunk

Why? 'Cause I'm Mike Jones, Who? 'Cause I'm Mike Jones
Who? 'Cause I'm Mike Jones, Who? 'Cause I'm Mike Jones