[Chorus]
CT What it do, what it be
CT What it do, what it be
CT What it do, what it be
Come chill with me at the Cinnamon Tree
(x2)

[Smitty Cent]
They named me Tyler Michael but they call me Smitty Cent
And the scent of cinnamon defines the hood where I rent
Particularly, the Cinnamon Tree
The haven where your time is spent superiorly
We got Jeffrey the Poet, and yes of course he knows it
But give him the rock and he’ll never get blocked
But of course he'll throw it down in your face all night
You could even say it's hecka tight!
And the grand finale, the king of the alley
D-town, bringin it down, it's the sound of Mike Jones!
"Who?" Mike Jones!
His three-ball is money - he never takes loans
If you see us out there swishin
You can know you’ll sure be wishin
You could spit what we be dishin
That could pay for your tuition – Jimmerish
Stop.  Time for Russian swap
I ain’t just for real, I am for Russky, Pops!

Cыном лейтенанта шмидта назвали меня
а меня не впустила русская армия
Ну все таки я там служил, весь день ходил, любил, учил, учился -- здорово было
Вам обещаю, что отсюда скучаю, постоянно вспоминаю, невозможно забывать
О таких хороших, замечательных людей – на всегда буду вас уважать

(Chorus)

[Jeffrey the Poet]
Here I am, back again
I used to think that rap was sin
But then I found my rhyme and reason
Out in the sun of my cinnamon season
Although I hate cinnamon bears
I love to climb the cinnamon stairs
To go and see the cinnamon ladies
And try and catch the cinnamon cooties
I like to make the ladies laugh
I’m out by 12, I keep it safe
Obey, obey the Honor Code!
Don’t turn in to a cinnamon toad
I give my props to Ty and Mike
And to you all where needs be given
Now here I stand, I drop the mic
And give myself to a cinnamon heaven

(Chorus)

[Mike Jones]
They say Mike Jones, what it do what it be
Girl call your friends come chill with me
Let’s have a party by the pool
Straight walkin, actin fool
In the lobby, you know I’ll be
Kickin back just being cool
See this CT livin. CT livin
Made it from the mid, now we’re CT livin
From the D-town to the P-Town
I been down on the ball court we ball out, go all out
2-3, that mike show
Smitty got that light glow. Chloe motivator flow
Cinn tree, that Cinn-Crew, that cinnamon life is too true
Brown sugar, girl you so fine I’ll marry you
I got a sugar rush on that sweet tooth (Oh no you didn’t!)
SmashB on the track. Jeffrey just killed it
Smitty got my back, and the Cinn-Tree Crew we did it
I’m done

(Chorus)