I say

Hook:
Leanin On Dat Butter, Leanin On Dat Butter
Leanin leanin On Dat Butter
Hater... While I'm Leanin On Dat Butter
Leanin On Dat Butter, Leanin leanin On Dat Butter
Omg I say Leanin On Dat Butter, Leanin On Dat Butter
Leanin leanin On Dat Butter, hold the ground sip the drink
Leanin leanin On Dat Butter, Leanin On Dat Butter
Leanin leanin On Dat Butter, hold might down

Hold your back bad bitch with me while I'm leanin On Dat Butter
He'll be screaming... While I'm leanin On Dat Butter, on dat
Can't be falls you know I'm leanin On Dat Butter
Take our first class flow I'ma... Trip the color switchin lanes
I see... I say first class flow on the ground in the...
Drippin color switchin lanes I see... Everywhere
Like a... In my cup leanin leanin On Dat Butter
She... At the bucks she leanin on that Butter
I... Leanin leanin On Dat Butter
Would brain dirt... You know I'm leanin On Dat Butter
No sinners can... Leanin On Dat Butter
Bust a left than I bust a right leanin On Dat Butter
I remember when they used to...
Now them hoes do anything to take a trip
I wonder why because I'm

[Hook:]
Butter sees without lane out me taking my green on
In the parking line so I'm about to tell my friends on
Have friends that... I still slide them hater for
Omg I am still on the... You used to... On my dick
Haters say 'cause I talk that shit
Where's my job I heard it turn the runnin shit
They used to... Not it on my dick
Haters say 'cause I talk that shit where's my job
I heard it back the runnin shit
She used to... Tryin to have my...
She my... Now she try to come inside my world
... She my favorite girl...
Radin on for them hoes...
I see it she just wanna smoke my weed and my drinks
I already know what them hoes thing
She all homie 'cause I'm...

[Hook:]
Me and my... Leanin leanin on that Butter
Time we can see it nigga leanin on that Butter
My chick just got a new whip leanin on that Butter
... Your dash with the wood strip leanin on that Butter
I'm so kush with some... Leanin on that Butter
I thought a... And I got a... Leanin on that Butter
I say I'm so kush with the pain at all leanin on that Butter
I thought a... And I got it... Let go

[Hook:]