Intro:

Mike Jones, Who?
LaHookz! Let's get it!
Money Train
Girl pop dat girl, girl don't stop dat (aye)
Big money you already know I got dat (know dat)
B*tch so bad, got body got ass, but I'm really tryna see where her mind at(for real though)
I told Daye LaHookz, hit me up let's cook
Cause a niccah stay gone. A niccah always stay booked
But I can't lie, the way that she drop that
Gotta me looking with the top back


Chorus:
Pretty face huh, Perfect waist huh
The one that every silly sucker wanna chase
Long hair, never care, who you hurt, just flirt
No thirst, never work, just twerk and get money right, huh?

Verse 1:
Fresh out of bed (ha)
Turning heads (ha)
Got ya man dropping hundreds on my set
Jaw dropping, panty popping, non stopping, body rocking
When I pop it, drop it, your man wanna hop it, lock it
Stalk it down low
Baby Im worth every dollar, put ya money on a pro (pro)
Slow motion windmill, here we go
Only need one more black rose
Pour me a drink while, I steal the show

Chorus
Pretty face huh, Perfect waist huh
The one that every silly sucker wanna chase
Long hair, never care, who you hurt, just flirt
No thirst, never work, just twerk and get money right, huh?

Verse 2:
Green all in my face (ha)
Raining on my stage
Tryna make me a mill or 2
And ain't no girl stepping in my way
So you brought you a date? She likes to play?
Well that's cool, got a trick or two that'll make
Her wanna come and go to my place (ha)
Oh you like?
I'm like Mike?
When I take flight, I'm out of sight
I'm dynomite, I ignite
Sparking, talking, parking lot pimping
Rocking with a whole lot sipping, dipping
Yeah uh huh, let's get it
But nodody moves until im finished

Chorus:
Pretty face huh, Perfect waist huh
The one that every silly sucker wanna chase
Long hair, never care, who you hurt, just flirt
No thirst, never work, just twerk and get money right, huh?

Verse 3:
Wanna pay my bills?
Buy me a house on the hill?
Run home, tell everybody how a trill chick made you feel?
Got you in a trance?
Taking you to France?
Stimulating your mind, soul and every body part as I dance
Oh I'm right huh?For your life?
You wanna call out of work and stay here over night
Heart racing, motivating, levels raising, levitating
Breaking, shaking, taking, paper chasing
Caking, caking, caking, caking


Chorus:
Pretty face huh, Perfect waist huh
The one that every silly sucker wanna chase
Long hair, never care, who you hurt, just flirt
No thirst, never work, just twerk and get money right, huh?