[Chorus]
Here we go, yo, here we go, yo
So what, so what, so what's the scenario
Here we go, yo, here we go, yo
So what, so what, so what's the scenario

[Verse 1: Phife Dawg]
Ayo, Bo knows this, (What?) and Bo knows that (What?)
But Bo don't know jack, 'cause Bo can't rap
Well what do you know, the Di-Dawg, is first up to bat
No batteries included, and no strings attached
No holds barred, no time for move fakin'
Gots to get the loot so I can bring home the bacon
Brothers front, they say the Tribe can't flow
But we've been known to do the impossible like Broadway Joe, so
Sleep if you want, Nytol will help you get your Z's, troop
But here's the real scoop
I'm all that and then some, short, dark, and handsome
Bust a nut inside your eye to show you where I come from
I'm vexed, fuming, I've had it up to here
My days of paying dues are over, acknowledge me as in there (Yeah!)
Head for the border, go get a taco
Watch me wreck it from the jump street, meaning from the get-go
Sit back relax and let yourself go
Don't sweat what you heard, but act like you know

[Verse 2: Charlie Brown]
Yes yes y'all (Yes y'all!)
Who got the vibe, it's the Tribe y'all (Tribe y'all!)
Real live y'all (Live y'all!)
Inside, outside, come around
(Who's that?) Brown!
Some may, I say, call me Charlie
The word is the herb and I'm deep like Bob Marley
Lay back on the payback, evolve rotates the gates
(Contact!) Can I get a hit? (...Hit!)
Boom bip with a brother named Tip and we're ready to flip
East coast stomping, ripping and romping
New York, North Cak-a-laka, and Compton
Checka-checka-check it out
The loops for the troops, more bounce to the ounce
And wow-how-now-wow, how now, Brown cow?
We're ill 'til the skill gets down
For the flex, next, it's the textbook old to the new
But the rest are doo-doo
From radio, to the video, to Arsenio
Tell me! Yo, what's the scenario?

[Verse 3: Dinco D]
(True blue!) Scooby Doo, whoopie doo
Scenarios, radios, rates more than four
Scores for the smores that smother dance floors
Now I go for mine, shades of sea shore
Ship-shape crushed grapes apes that play tapes
Papes make drakes baked for the wakes
Of an L-ah-, an -eader, simply just a leader
Base in the space means peace, see ya later
Later, (Later!), later, alligator
Pop goes the weasel and the herb's the inflater
So yo the D what the O, incorporated I-N-C into a flow
Funk flipped flat back first this foul fight fight fight
Laugh yo, how'd that sound? (Ooh!)

[Verse 4: Q-Tip]
It's a Leader Quest mission and we got the goods here (Here!)
Never on the left 'cause my right's my good ear (Ear!)
I could give a damn about a ill subliminal
Stay away from crime so I ain't no (criminal!)
I love my young nation, groovy sensation
No time for hibernation, only elation
Don't ever try to test, the water, little kid
Yo Mr. Busta Rhymes, tell him what I did

[Interlude: Busta Rhymes]
I heard you rushed and rushed and attacked
Then they rebuked and you had to smack
Causing rambunction throughout the sphere
Raise the levels of the boom inside the ear

[Q-Tip]
You know I did it
So don't violate or you'll get violated
The hip-hop sound is well agitated
Won't ever waste no time on the played out ego
So here's Busta Rhymes with the scenario

[Verse 5: Busta Rhymes]
Watch as I combine all the juice from the mind
Heel up, wheel up, bring it back, come, rewind
Powerful impact (Boom!) from the cannon!
Not bragging, try to read my mind, just imagine!
Vo-cab-u-lary's necessary
When digging in the mind library
Oh-my-gosh! Oh my gosh!
Eating Ital Stew like the one Peter Tosh
Unh! Unh! Unh! All over the track, man
Unh, pardon me, unh! As I come back
As I did it, yo, I had to beg your pardon
When I travel through the town I roll with the squadron
Roar, raow, like a dungeon dragon
Change your little drawers 'cause your pants were saggin'
Try to step to this, I will twist you in a turban
And have you smelling ripe like some old, stale urine
Chickity Choco, the chocolate chicken
The rear cock diesel, buttcheeks, they were kicking
Yo, bust it out before the Busta bust another rhyme
The rhythm is in sync (Uh!) the rhymes are on time (Time!)
Ripping up the sound just like Horatio
Observe the vibe and check out the scenario
Yeah, my man, mothafucka!

[Chorus]
Here we go, yo, here we go, yo
So what, so what, so what's the scenario
Here we go, yo, here we go, yo
So what, so what, so what's the scenario
Here we go, yo, here we go, yo
So what, so what, so what's the scenario
Here we go, yo, here we go, yo
So what, so what, so what's the scenario