[Intro]
Ski ski ski ski (Get over here!) ski ski ski
Ski, ski ski ski
Fuck it, aye, fuck it, aye
Tell your bitch I'm coming for the blow don't touch my hoe
Aye, ayeee, ayeeee, ayeee, (ski ski) ayee (bitch) aye (bitch) aye
Ight though, ski ski, ight though, aye, ight though. Aye. Aye. Aye. (aye)
(aye)

[Verse]
My niggas mobbin' in them white hoods like the Ku Klux Klan
Off the fucking shits, tryna fuck yo bitch (ay, ay)
With the fucking shits, bitch I am the shit (ay, ay)
Try and you get split, ballerina shit (fuck)
Where my 40 ounce at, drop a motherfucker hold on that, aye
Matter fucking fact, if that's an op then I'mma swat him like a gnat (brah, brahh)
Ski got the gat (bitch), planning on making it clap (bow!)
Making you run like your name Forrest Gump
Taking your funds then finesse on your sack (skrrrrRRrr)
I sweep yo bitch off her feet, should have gave her cleats
Pickups in the cell, with my lean in the sheets
Stomping in my Air Force 1s on a bitch (you don't know me) ayy
Tell me take off, we're going NASA in this bitch
You gon need 'bout 5 passes in this bitch
Come through killing and I'm the rapture in this bitch
Goddamn, leaning like whoa (bitch)
Pouring a four while I'm toting a chrome
Toting a sprite, jewelry tonight (BIIIH!)
Lit up like a colonoscope (RAwr!1!!)
Pull out the stick and I'm making it [?] (ski)
Grasp on her neck with my stick in her throat (ski)
Sticking the hoe, make her suck like a pro
(Slump god, slump god), slide on a hoe
Trill shit, lean stains on my, grills, bitch
[?] bathing ape
Still fuck how they feel shit
Pretty nigga fighting [?] my bitch [?] shit
Rolling like a wheel, bitch
Popping like a pill, bitch
Thumbing like a, seal, bitch
Ayy, (Get over here!) ski-ski-ski

[Hook]
Fucking her throat, catch me fucking her throat (whatcha do) (Get over here!)
Fucking her throat (whatcha do), ayy, fucking her throat (ayy)
(ayy) Catch me (ayy) fucking (ayy) her throat (ayy, ayy)
Where you at, where you at? (Hello?)
Fucking her throat (Hello?), catch me fucking her throat (skiii)
Fucking her, fucking her, fucking her, fucking her throat
Catch me fucking her throat, ski

[Outro]
I mean it ain't really [?]
Yellow, white xans
Fuckin you bitch, [?] lean lean lean
Slide on your hoe, aight let's go [?] this shit