[Intro]
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, yuh, vitch
We are very much in this vitch (Codename for what?)
We are really glad (Ayee!), sitting on the swag (Bitch!)
And I popped a Xan (Am I? Yuh), it's a whole 'nother land, ayy!

[Chorus]
Pull up, drop top minivan, what the fuck? (Like hey)
Candy paint wet, Hubba Bubba gum (Yuh, yuh, yuh)
Seats with the sheep fur, peach fuzz (Look at it)
When I whip it, Fat Joe, lean back, stunt (Ha)
Pull up drop top minivan, what the fuck? (Wet flex, aye)
Candy paint wet, Hubba Bubba gum (Look at it, look at it, look at it)
Seats with the sheep fur, peach fuzz (Aye)
When I whip it, Fat Joe, lean back, stunt (Aye, aye)
Like, why my roof look like a T-Rex done bit it?
My minivan got the Jigglypuff linen (Yuh)
Why my roof look like a T-Rex done bit it? (Yuh)
My minivan got the Jigglypuff linen (Yuh, uh)
Pull up, drop top minivan, what the fuck? (Mm)
Candy paint wet, Hubba Bubba gum (Hey)
Seats with the sheep fur, peach fuzz (Aye)
When I whip it, Fat Joe, lean back, stunt (Yuh, aye)

[Verse 1]
Ayy, Heard from a bird that Nyora got licked bitch, hold up (Wet, flex)
Hold up, drop this shit (Bitch!)
Then should shout out to whichever savage took his shit (Flex in the flesh)
Tiffany Co. on the diamond-cut necklace
My precious like Lord of the Rings (In the flesh)
Badman a new to di ting, rude boy (Ew)
Need a 'Preme Raf Simons vaccine (Ow, okay)
I never care 'bout the clout (Drip)
Only care 'bout her mouth (Water), it relax me like namaste
(Watch the sauce)
Mi casa, you know, es su casa
Is the intel that I shared with your bitch today (Look at my jacket)
They gon' think Ski popped a laxative
Or need some Pull-Ups, hoe I am the shit today, mm
My diamonds wet like some Gatorade (Bitch!)
It is the same percent water as Powerade, hm (Hoo!)
Swag on my back like a backpack
Need a paper towel, spilled sauce on my 'Preme rag, hm
Ringworm pockets how they get fat
And I'm being honest, kinda wanna fuck Kat Stacks, hm
Dirty with the dick, got the minivan
Blastoise wrist like I’m mega-mega-felon-man, hm
Fantastic 4, I'm the Human Torch
Slaps for the minivan, Oprah colored Gucci band, hm
Whip it, whip it, whip it, wrist built like a GoPro
This Good Burger cook your beef slow, hm
G, no unit, like a nigga Tony Yayo
Every grandma said my music fuego, hm
Leggo my dick no Eggo, hm
Foreign money, colors on Legos, hm
Flow on float Winnebago, hm
She need milk like I miss the hoe, aye

[Chorus]
Pull up drop top minivan, what the fuck? (Mm)
Candy paint wet, Hubba Bubba gum (Mm)
Seats with the sheep fur, peach fuzz (Mm)
When I whip it, Fat Joe, lean back, stunt
Pull up drop top minivan, what the fuck? (Mm)
Candy paint wet, Hubba Bubba gum (Mm)
Seats with the sheep fur, peach fuzz (Mm)
When I whip it, Fat Joe, lean back, stunt
Like, why my roof look like a T-Rex done bit it?
My minivan got the Jigglypuff linen
Why my roof look like a T-Rex done bit it?
My minivan got the Jigglypuff linen
Pull up drop top minivan, what the fuck? (Mm)
Candy paint wet, Hubba Bubba gum (Mm)
Seats with the sheep fur, peach fuzz (Uh)
When I whip it, Fat Joe, lean back, stunt