[Intro]
To Bass be the glory
Play that shit 88 times

[Verse 1: Bass Santana]
Huh, ayy, what? (Ayy, what?)
Who do I trust? (Who do I trust?)
Only in us (Only in us)
They do too much (They do too much, huh)
They can't keep up (Nah), he actin' tough (He actin' tough, ha?)
I called his bluff (I called his bluff, ha)
And now he duckin' (Wha-?), and now he duckin' (Ha)
Boy run my fade (Huh? huh?)
Oh bitch, behave (Oh bitch, behave)
Don't need no savin' (Don't need no savin')
Now you too late (Too late, too late)
I hold my weight (My fuckin' weight)
Big Gucci Bass (Big Gucci Bass)
My face is what? (My face is what?) My face is gate
It ain't no talkin' about it
Just got the mind to go and fade a nigga (Boy)
Drop the addy won't be duckin' or bluffin'
Just pop out or give me the data, nigga (Oi)
Ate them niggas, hands is up to date it ain't no playing with 'em
End his day today, I had to pray a little
Gas your homie up but when that tank hit E
You better save your nigga (Save your nigga)
Why the fuck he mad at me for? (What?)
Last I checked he was tryin' to be, what?
One (Bitch!), pull up on 'em, now you look dumb (Dumb)
Make his ass run he ain't really tryin' to have no fun (Huh)
Smoke good dope, A1 (One)
Try to keep up, get ahead of your, 'head of your lungs
We was at the front door, knockin' on the front door
Sorry, auntie, we just lookin' for your son

[Bridge: XXXTENTACION & Bass Santana]
Well, hello there (Where that nigga at?)
So we got a very, very, very, very extra interesting story today Pulled up to the crib
Like, basically I'm about to just beat this nigga's ass
I'ma make these niggas stop playing with me

[Chorus: XXXTENTACION]
Ayy, pull up on 'em, hey, make 'em run, hey, yuh (Ayy)
Ayy, pull up on 'em, hey, make 'em run, hey, pussy
Uh, pull up on 'em, hey, make 'em run, hey, yuh (Huh?)
Ayy, pull up on 'em, hey, make 'em run, hey, pussy
Uh, big tag, uh, Gucci, uh, on my bag, uh
Pull up on 'em, huh, get them running, uh
Ayy (Ayy!), pull up on 'em, hey, make 'em run, hey, pussy
Uh, pull up on 'em, hey, make 'em run, hey

[Verse 2: Ski Mask the Slump God]
I can tell the Ice Hotel is where my heart is cold as mucus from a snail
I remember to remember life is a bitch, so, no, I could never kiss-n-tell
And wish me well 'cause life is hell
And double the C 'cause a nigga only care about Chanel
I been knockin' knees with birds and bees
Been overseas with bitches who don't speak English well
Like a owl, who?
The only enemy here is you
Uh, like bling, blow, kapoof
Fairly Odd Fairy 'done stole my tooth
No cap on cat, no Dr. Seuss
Eat flapjacks, double cup of syrup too
'Cause I only want the neck like a noose on goose
And I'm only wildin' out when I'm loose off Goose

[Chorus: XXXTENTACION]
Ayy, pull up on 'em, hey, make 'em run, hey, yuh (Ayy)
Ayy, pull up on 'em, hey, make 'em run, hey, pussy
Uh, pull up on 'em, hey, make 'em run, hey, yuh (Huh?)
Ayy, pull up on 'em, hey, make 'em run, hey, pussy
Uh, big tag, uh, Gucci, uh, on my bag, uh
Pull up on 'em, huh, get them running, uh
Ayy (Ayy!), pull up on 'em, hey, make 'em run, hey, pussy
Uh, pull up on 'em, hey, make 'em run, hey