[Intro]
Yuh, we just started from the top, yuh
Yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh
Hey, do you like curse words?
There is a lot in the verse
Ayy Tony, wooh!
Oowee, ayy! Uh

[Chorus]
Don't get fucked up, I'm fucked up, what the fuck? (fuck?)
Don't get fucked up, I'm fucked up, what the fuck? (like what?)
Don't get fucked up, I'm fucked up, what the fuck?
What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the– Ayy!
Don't get fucked up, I'm fucked up, what the fuck? (get fucked)
Don't get fucked up, I'm fucked up, what the fuck?
(Don't get fucked up!)
Don't get fucked up, I'm fucked up, what the fuck?
What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the– Ayy!

[Verse 1]
Huh? Huh? Huh? What did you say?
Umm, (repeat), yuh (nice)
Yachty pulled up in a new 'Cedes truck (that's nice)
Lights, they on the front (whippin up)
Pause, Then I'ma stunt (like what?)
Ayy, you not savage so keep that shirt tucked (water!)
No you not, no you not
I am a bad boy, don't wear no seat buckle
Beat down that pussy then dust off my knuckles
(What else? What else? What else? Dust off my knuckles!)
Walk the damn plank (plank), on yo' bitch I plank (plank)
Unless she stank, smell like a Chef Boyardee
X came with Tank, basquiat came to paint
Achoo, whooh, achoo, I'm blessed
Don't ask me why 'cause I don't look like you

[Chorus]
Don't get fucked up, I'm fucked up, what the fuck?
Don't get fucked up, I'm fucked up, what the fuck?
Don't get fucked up, I'm fucked up, what the fuck?
What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the (I like to get fucked up!) Ayy!

[Verse 2]
Terio, ooh, kill 'em!
It's how I walked up in the building (building!)
This the man I'm with the millions
I'm as high as hands up in the sky
When it's yo' auntie saying hallelujah!
I'm the shit, what's it to ya?
(Umm, here's your tissue)
Yup, I needed it
Just for my jewelry, 'cause it be dripping B
And she from Italy, she got the sausage
Like I'm the Kennedy, got lotta green on me
Talkin' 'bout Kennedy, she said I'm awesome! Ay (talkin bout)

[Chorus]
Don't get fucked up, I'm fucked up, what the fuck? (okayyy)
Don't get fucked up, I'm fucked up, what the fuck? (eh, ayyy)
Don't get fucked up, I'm fucked up, what the fuck? (ain't mean to flex)
What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the– Ayy!