A boy is born in hard time Mississippi
Surrounded by four walls that ain't so pretty
His parents give him love and affection
To keep him strong moving in the right direction
Living just enough, just enough for the city...ee ha!

His father works some days for fourteen hours
And you can bet he barely makes a dollar
His mother goes to scrub the floor for many
And you'd best believe she hardly gets a penny
Living just enough, just enough for the city...yeah

His sister's black but she is sho 'nuff pretty
Her skirt is short but Lord her legs are sturdy
To walk to school she's got to get up early
Her clothes are old but never are they dirty
Living just enough, just enough for the city...um hum

Her brother's smart he's got more sense than many
His patience's long but soon he won't have any
To find a job is like a haystack needle
Cause where he lives they don't use colored people
Living just enough, just enough for the city...
Living just enough...
For the city...ooh,ooh
[repeat several times]

Bus for New York City!
Hey bus driver, I'm getting on that horse
Thanks a lot
Wow, New York, just like I pictured it
Skyscrapers and everything

Hey hey brother, hey come here slick
Hey you look, you look hip man
Hey you wanna make yourself five bucks man
You look hip
Run this across the street for me right quick
Okay, run this across the street for me

What? Huh? I didn’t know!
Put your hands up you punk!
I’m just going across the street
Lay down, shut your mouth
Hell no, what did I do?
Okay, turn around, turn around, put your hands behind your back, let’s go, let’s go

A jury of your peers having found you guilty, ten years
What?
Come on, come on, get in that cell nigga, god, lord

His hair is long, his feet are hard and gritty
He spends his love walking the streets of New York City
He's almost dead from breathing on air pollution
He tried to vote but to him there's no solution
Living just enough, just enough for the city...yeah, yeah, yeah!

I hope you hear inside my voice of sorrow
And that it motivates you to make a better tomorrow
This place is cruel no where could be much colder
If we don't change the world will soon be over
Living just enough, just enough for the city!!!!

La, la, la, la, la, la
Da Ba Da Da Da Da Da Da
Da Da Da Da Da Da
Da Ba Da Da Da Da Da Da Da
[Repeat to end]

Let Me Tell You How To Walls
1 Wall There's More Than Proverty
Second Wall For The World Of Prefection
Third Wall There's A Wall Of Proceed
Fourth Wall For Our Love And Concer Hated!!!!
We Got Take Down Those Walls!! ...For Portrait Yeah!!!!!