[Sample]
Heyyyy! Heyy-ayyaahhyy

[Intro: 2Pac]
Yo, Mo Bee, mayn, drop that shit!
You know what time
Boo-yaow! I know it's time for you
So grab one by the hand, you know what I'm sayin'?
And uh, throw up that finger!
Hey yo, throw y'all fingers up!
Thug style, baby, thug style, y'know?

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Tell me, baby, are you lonely? Don't wanna rush ya
I can help ya if you're only, let me touch ya
If I'm wrong, love, tell me, 'cause I get caught up
In the life I live, it's hell, see, I never thought
I'd see the day when I would calm down, you ain't heard?
I've been known to clown and get around, that's my word
See you walkin' and you lookin' good, yes indeed
Got a body like a sex fiend, you're killin' me
With your attitude to match, right? Don't be phony
Cause I hate it when you act like, you don't know me
I've be stressin' in the spotlight, I want the fame
But the industry's a lot like, a crap game
Ain't no time for commitment, I gotta go
Can't be with you every minute miss, another show
And even though I'm known for my one night stand
Look here, I wanna be an honest man, but temptations go—

[Interlude: 2Pac]
Throw up the finger!
And all my homies go
Throw them the finger!
You know what, baby, it's like—

[Chorus: Easy Mo Bee]
I know you've been searchin' for someone
To make you happy and get the job done
You say you needed a man with money
But I can't be there, and will you still care?

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Will I cheat or will I be committed? Heaven knows
Gettin' weak and I wanna hit it, so here I go
In my ride and I'm all in, gettin' high
I can hear the people callin', I'm passin' by
Everybody knows I'm ballin', and to God
Gotta keep myself from fallin', but it's hard
All the cuties know I'm under pressure, what do I do?
Gettin' shaky when she pull the dress up, and say it's cool
Should I stroke or should I wait a while? You decide
If you tell me that you don't want it, that's a lie
Move close and let me whisper, some dirty word
In your ears as I kiss ya on every curve
Slow down baby, don't rush, I like it slow
Can't hold it any longer, so let it go
Open the gates to your waterfall up in heaven
And don't worry, I let myself in, all I heard was—

[Interlude: 2Pac]
Give 'em the finger!
All my homies go, throw your fingers up!
That's just the thug in me, girl, you know
Peep out all my homies, y'know, it's like—

[Chorus: Easy Mo Bee]
I know you've been searchin' for someone
To make you happy and get the job done
You say you needed a man with money
But I can't be there, and will you still care?

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
A lot of people think it's easy to settle down
Got a woman that'll please me in every town
I don't wanna but I gotta do it, the temptation
Got me ready to release the fluid, sensation
Sit down and conversate like you know me, take my hand
'Cause even thugs get lonely, understand
Even the hardest of my homies need attention
Catch you blowin' up the telephone, reminiscin'
I wanna take you to the movies and the park
Let's find a spot for you to do me in the dark
Now that it's passion, hold me tight
Don't need lights, I can see you by the moonlight
I know your man ain't lovin' you right
You're lonely and depressed, you need a thug in your life
Enough talkin', you want me to leave I'll get to walkin'
See you later, 'cause baby, I'm a player, and all I heard was—

[Outro: 2Pac]
Give 'em the finger, and all my homies go
Yo, this how we gonna do this in the nine-trey, y'know?
Throw your fingers up!
You know? They gonna peep this
This how we run game on you
All my niggas go, uptown in the, give 'em the finger!
Throw your hands up, give 'em the finger!