[Intro]

[Verse 1: Pretty Ken]
Since the early 90s we've been getting to the money
Back when they used to tell us that we talked funny
Used to make them records radio didn't want to play it
We would claim a (?) but y'all didn't want to say it
Back when we were country gold ropes and silk shirts
30s on them bones beat coming out the [?]
We was smoking chronic didn't know nothing bout no [?]
Back when we were rolling now-a-days they call it work
Way before them skinny jeans, way before the Coogi
We've been tryin' to get that money got to get that Gucci
Louie it was poppin' but you had to be the man
And if you was you better keep it to yourself you understand
So now they like you you so A Town with it
Cooler than a fan in your A Town fitted
And when they want to hear ya they say A Town spit it
Been over heavy since they let the A Town hit it

[Hook: Pretty Ken]
What Up? Now when you see me in your city
What up? And when we all in New York air like
What up? And when we on the west coast it's
What Up? What up?
What up? An when ya see us in Virginia
What up? And when we chillin in DC it's
What up? An when you see us in Miami
What up? What up?

[Verse 2: BOBBY KREEKWATER]
I do it for my city, i do it for my people
It costs to be the boss so being you is so much [?]
I write R and B i don't mess with rap guys
It's Bobby Kreekwater every letter capitalized
And we don't punch the clock we laugh and slap fire
The rims on your car depend on your trap size
The money came here they act like rap died
But to me the city heavy so go and get baptized
They knowing real good, so i ain't got to show it
Your girl just be jocking but i act like i don't know it
Ay man I'm just a poet, rebel without a cause
An i don't know no _____ so i ain't got no (pause)
I really hate the law cause they always out of bounds
My city set the trend so we always out of town
If PK say I'm great i just gotta start saying it
Man we run the game they just gotta start playing it

[Hook]
What Up? Now when you see us off in Philly
What up? And when we chillin' down in eastern
What up? And when you see us in the shah
What Up? What up?
What up? And when we off in St, Louis
What up? And when we chillin' off in Vegas
What up? An when we in the Carolinas
What up? What up?

[Verse 3: Killer Mike]
What up Charl black, What up tier white
What up slick, what up money, what up ice
What up (?), what up (?)
What up to Jo and Daly, at the Tyson fight
What up to Cowboy Schoolboy Fat sleeve
Mimi, mallo,  po wiesel, white key
What up to T and deck (?)man (?)man
(?)cannon (?)cannon Adamville flat land
Salute to Simpson Rowe welcome back Bo Jack
Key underwood Allen temple got your back
What up (?) (?) John Hope
What up egan holmes (?) what up folk
Trap fire hot fish grease Crisco
30 spokes bought a coach (?) disco
(?) zone on show you how a G ride
On the remix I'm spittin' just east side

What Up? And when we down in mississippi
What up? And when we chillin' in detroit
What up? And when we coolin' off in cleveland
What Up? What up?
What up? And when you see us off in Jersey
What up? When we down in Alabama
What up? An when we off in Tennessee its
What up? What up?