[Intro]
You will be a weapon
A minister of death praying for war
Because I am hard you will not fight me
But the more you hate me the more you will learn (yeah)
I am hard but I am Fair

[Verse 1]
Try this on for size:
Grow up broke
Stand in the cold with a hole in your coat
Stay next door to a woman who smokes
A whole pack of cigarettes with a hole in her throat
My mama's in the church, high off hope
My uncle's in the trap, my aunt don't know
My cousin went to school so she could be a writer
Met a nigga with some money and thats all she wrote
And here I am, runnin' these streets
Trying to find a bit of my identity
Meanwhile everyother nigga I knows getting money
Ridin' in the droptop like Kennedy
Fuckin' with all the young girls I like
I could be a hater but it ain't my right
I could could go fuck with the big booty girl, but
The whole hood hit her and she ain't my type
I came from the bottom, like it or not
They'll put a gun to you if they like what you've got
And they might break, but they don't bend
And they don't talk, because thats not the trend
But thats not news, so y'all won't know
It ain't yall's boat, so yall won't row
You gotta pay attention to be up on this
And why would yall pay what yall don't owe?
And why would yall ever give a fuck about me?
And why would I ever give a fuck about yall?
Theres no need to smell, I know I'm the shit
And where I come from, nigga, shit dont stall
And where I come from you can rob, rob rob
Talk shit all day, nigga that don't harm me
You're gonna stop who? You and what army?

[Intermission]
See, thing is you only have to fuck up once
Be a little slow, be a little late
Just once
And how you Ain't never be slow, never be late?
You can't plan for no shit like this man
This is life

[Verse 2]
Came up broke, the game was fixed;
How are you gonna win if you dont play?
They say be humble and all that shit, but
How are you gonna be the man if you dont say?
I shall not stop, or reconsider
Call in favors, I don't waiver
And even though I bring your hunger to a halt with food for thought
Nigga I don't cater
I don't talk just cause I can
I don't let a nigga disrupt my plan;
I don't let a nigga disrupt my paper -
Im gonna get money 'till I meet my makers
Talk my shit kick back on Acers
Walk away in the end with all that money like Idris and Paul at the end of takers

[Outro]
Who's the judge?
Judge is god
And why is he god?
Because he decides who wins or loses, not my opponent
And who is you opponent?
He doesn't exist
And why doesn't he exist?
Because he's a mere dissenting voice to the truth I speak
That's right
I speak the truth