[Intro] Scratches
Warriors!
I’ll cut you open with a scalpel [x2]

[Verse 1] Madchild
I’m a Gargoyle
Smokin’ Marlboros
I used to get cooked till I got charbroiled
Little Hulk bang. Reps, put bulk on
Warriors now form like Voltron
Going crazy. Drink seven Red Bulls
Now I’m turning into Frankenstein with the neck bolts
Warlock. Door locked with the deadbolt
Volts of electricity. Voltage of a symphony
Blue Halo. Actual horned villain
Tactical foreign thriller. Natural born killer
(Chomp) That’s what happen when a Rottie catch up
A lot of ketchup. Invasion of the body snatchers
I got a canister of gas and a lot of matches
I’m a phantom with the mask in a rotting mansion
I’m a Bounty Hunter. I had mad cream
Now I’m trembling, a gremlin with gangrene
I was resembling a member of the methadone clinic
Kept home, slept alone, no gimmicks
Now I’m back, masterpiece, no limit
No credit but I’m dope don’t forget it

[Hook] Madchild
I’ll cut you open with a scalpel
Then you hear my war cry write before I scalp you
(Warriors!) All my dogs get Alpo
But if you ain’t a Warrior then I can’t help you
Dark secrets, Sharks swim deepest
My music is a funeral march for grim reapers
Long haired monsters, Short dark creatures
My music is a beautiful art for life’s sleepers

[Verse 2] Moka Only
Swimming in a space between sane and irrational
Dan hang with Shane we remain international
Cash grabbin', no more cats nappin'
Don't throw rocks, we're livin' in a glass cabin
My city is a microcosm
My lights flashin' in night action
My mic'll cause some hoopla
On the mic no passion for the BS
Life experience laid down on the VS
You need us to eject the feeling to jump start
Infuriate the heart of the art. Once chart is conquered
Ya'll know what the consensus is
The Little Monster, For Mok in the trenches
Just come to your senses kids
Hardcore
Make your sore weak raps rip up like card board on the floor
Taking more, baking four, breaking' scores on records
You can expect us. Nothing in the world affect us

[Hook] Madchild
I’ll cut you open with a scalpel
Then you hear my war cry write before I scalp you
(Warriors!) All my dogs get Alpo
But if you ain’t a Warrior then I can’t help you
Dark secrets, Sharks swim deepest
My music is a funeral march for grim reapers
Long haired monsters, Short dark creatures
My music is a beautiful art for life’s sleepers

[Verse 3] Madchild

Ok
It's Madchild, kinda like a psycho teacher
Cartoon Character, real life features
Solitary confinement, Planetary alignment
Murder every assignment. I am not an actor
Game change, I am an adapter
Rappers attackin' like a pack of wild raptors
You heard me rhyme before. Now I'm a dinosaur
You don't wanna fight a war hammer like I'm Mighty Thor
I was a acrobat lit up like a jack o lantern
Now i'm a psycho path wave a skulls and axes banner
I'm still a master planner, Who wanna get mine?
Rapper that is in my category's name is Tech N9ne
Kung fu hustle, Flex my muscles
I can't trust you, I will crush you
Step into a room with Dr. Doom and I'm Illuminating
Terminating, all you little Demon Nazi German babies

[Hook] Madchild
I’ll cut you open with a scalpel
Then you hear my war cry write before I scalp you
(Warriors!) All my dogs get Alpo
But if you ain’t a Warrior then I can’t help you
Dark secrets, Sharks swim deepest
My music is a funeral march for grim reapers
Long haired monsters, Short dark creatures
My music is a beautiful art for life’s sleepers

[Outro] Scratches

I’ll cut you open with a scalpel [x3]
(It's the Little Monster)