(You’re going to be listening to some people on this tape today who’ve experienced anxiety disorder in a very real way. A lot of people have a misconception about anxiety disorder. Obsessive thinking, low self-esteem, panic attacks, anxiety and fear.)

No question I’m prone to depression
Throne made of stone, I am known for aggression
Sit home get stoned, no purpose
Become a servant, feel like I’m worthless
Sun turn to darkness, now I’m getting nervous
Till I make a purchase and I’m Silver Surfing
Flying through the stars in the Milky Way
Next day filled with guilt again
Emptiness and sadness, used to get a lot done
Now the Devil’s in my car riding shotgun
(Vicious cycle.)
Mad Child’s back like the hot sun
Still shining, redrum redrum

(Very uncontrollable thoughts. You’re going to lose control.)

From walking on the Sun with a Pepsi bottle
Pocket full of cash and a sexy model
Shopping like I just won the lottery
Then I fell down, hit the ground like pottery
Smash
(Manic episodes)
Dope, doing drugs like a dummy
Gained a lot of weight with a big fat tummy
Didn’t have sex, pale skin like a mummy
Crashed the Suburban, almost killed my whole group
God saved us, I’m telling you the whole truth
Old dude, Clark Kent in a phone booth
(It might scare you)
I refuse to be old news

(People with anxiety value control immensely. You’re not in control of yourself or in control of your emotions and it might scare you.)

My mind mentally a torture chamber
Complete frustration, approach with anger
Used to be exciting, white lightning
Living in a nightmare, quite frightening
(Wake up.)
Aggressive performer, obsessive compulsive disorder
Psychotic, dark product of narcotics
I’m bleeding badly in shark waters
Hail Marys and Our Father up in Heaven looking down on what he’s not proud of
Evil thoughts, blood, and gunpowder
Quite crowded, blue pills and white powder

(Take control of your life, take control of your fear. The things that we do are fear-based. Fear and worry can be very very powerful negative forces in your life. If your anxiety is to the point where it’s disrupting your lifestyle then you have a problem with it.)