[Verse One] [Prevail]:
Fate plays a swan song, sweet staccato
Deep sterling silver bullet, leather bomber or Prada
No fabric can protect you from the magic I let loose
I'm Fantasia on acid. Let the phantom possess you
I practice patterns of aquatic caverns, deep sea pressure
Crush submarines to dust. Periscope up
The widow maker, windows painted black on the Winnebago
Tunnel vision to our support. Want a report from the front line
Airborne regiment static line. Base jump based on cones and cylinders
Poems that I've thrown confuse the Riddler
Bones break and skin bruises. Everybody's similar
Human beings intriguing. Never shoot the messenger
No constraints. Restraints for the safety of the passenger
Roller coaster closer to coma than you're supposed to be
Amusement park of abusive arts. Seek the recipe

[Hook] [Mad Child]:
Who can't feel me inside?
You can't tell me real men don't cry
Let's not pretend in the end we don't die
I hope when I go they send me up high
And we won't give up the fight
I'll follow the light and stay up all night
In the end we all die
I hope when I go they send me up high

[Verse Two] [Mad Child]:
I like to live life without my girl
Life's fucked so I hide from the outside world
I'm stuck in this place and I just can't help it
Plan my escape but I still seek shelter
You must have felt that I'm self abusive
Lie to myself when I make new excuses
When I'm by myself I can change what the truth is
So I stay inside. That's why I'm reclusive
Box of movies, Boxes of popcorn
Big bag of weed. Nice girls in my hot tub
I'm deep into this hibernation
Look into the mirror like please be patient
Write with a vest on. It's kind of intense
Danger's probably walking on the other side of my fence
Something pointed at the door. I'm going out of my head
One of the ways to look at life is that we already dead
One of our brothers got killed. That's the first saint gone
Hopefully the last if we all stay strong
Young veteran, bonded by friendship
Honor and vengeance. We arm for protection

[Hook]