[Sample]
Countdown. Ten seconds to firing
9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1

[Verse 1]
Ok
Darkness in the cave
Rubble and debris
In the mud full of blood
Don't want trouble here with me
Ride like the wind, no remorse, horse and skeleton
I'm Scarface sitting in a tub, "fly pelican"
Far from delicate. Spit angelic elegance
Fire in my eyes and I am heavy like an elephant
I don't do this shit just for the hell of it
I do this shit so I can make these other fucking rappers feel irrelevant
I'm trying to tell you, I've got one ferocious appetite
My moods, they constantly change just like a traffic light
Killer is methodical. Poetry is peculiar
Sharpen up my tool 'cause I'm a ghoul in your schoolyard

[Hook] x2
Aye
I'm casting light into darkness
Write with the harshness, take flight like a martian
Hail the barbarian, he strikes again!
Showing all of you the difference between mice and men
Aye

[Verse 2]
Familiarize yourself with sounds of death and strangulation
That's the closest way you'll get to Mad's imagination
Mad's an angry infant. Mad's a mental patient
You don't want to see me going accidentally apeshit
Check my Mercedes, also turns into a spaceship
Girls I fuck are half my age and I don't need a facelift
Star-spangled mangler. Devil with bedazzler
Dukes of Hazzard spazzing out while listening to Nazareth
Totally insane. Totally insane
You should see the thoughts that are exploding in my brain
My blood is full of poison, it's corroding out my veins
This life is ride or die, I tightly hold onto the reins
It's cold and I'm in pain
I feel like no one understands me
I know they try to but I'm crazy and I'm always angry
I try to keep it to my chest, but I'm about to burst
I've had the greatest fucking life and also had the worst

[Hook] x2
Aye
I'm casting light into darkness
Write with the harshness, take flight like a martian
Hail the barbarian, he strikes again!
I'm showing all of you the difference between mice and men
Aye

[Verse 3]
Fly like I'm American Airlines
Short, broken teeth and got a terrible hairline
I'm a bit demented, paranoid and schizophrenic
I'm the bent lieutenant
General of BAX, but in a mental clinic
Eventually I'm mentally insane, got no doubt of that
And got voices in my head, but now I'm shouting back
Saying shut the fuck up! Please be kind
Just for once in my life, can I have peace of mind?
I am hot. I'm known for spitting blistering verses
Fuck with me and end up on a list of missing persons
I spit hellfire. I am just a vicious serpent
My painting's picture perfect. Listen to my twisted chirping
Madchild is the shit
Be the next to buy him lunch
Because he spits it like he's trying crazy death-defying stunts
Traumatizing, homicidal, kamikaze pilot
Atomic violence, we have a calming pause in silence

[Hook] x2
Aye
I'm casting light into darkness
Write with the harshness, take flight like a martian
Hail the barbarian, he strikes again!
Showing all of you the difference between mice and men
Aye

[Outro]
That's what the fuck's up
Madchild's back
Don't trip
You're not on vacation, bitch
Keep grinding
Keep working
Go!