​[Verse 1]
Kids trying to hold me down, I’ma check you later
I’m ‘bout to blow up, this album is the detonator
Still a young gun riding with my regulators
We are going to the top. Hold the elevator
Yeah we're going to the top, boy, I swear to god
Convoy of criminals, busload of broads
Chapter of choppers, full fleet of muscle cars
We own the streets at night, boy, we hustle hard
That’s how it is, you can’t knock my hustle
I got rocks on my watch. I got rocks for muscles
We like violence, we will rock you. I’ve dropped a couple
We got silencers to pop you, so shots are muffled
Do not bother, I am the god father
We charge harder, plus we march farther
My gat go rat-tat-tat-tat and the back go crack and the blood go splat
Take that, rat
I came from near poverty, robberies
I'd be dead, probably
Thank god I can rap, that's the job for me
I'm a completely irrational international freak
And actually I will passionately smash in your teeth
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm taking my medicine
This is breaking and entering while I shake from adrenaline
I've gone rogue, I just can't be controlled
And I've written through a hot summer, written through a cold winter
I'm not playing, I am slaying my opponents
No delaying, I am staying. They display it, I will own it
Three kings, I'm the Swollen Members emperor
You are not. I am hot, check my temperature
I can't give up the fight yet, I'm sorry
World famous star with the girls and the glory
No regrets when I'm a skeleton
I'm not settling. I'll just keep peddling 'til I'm a gold medalist
Lots of these rappers are not who they pretend to be
One word of advice, do not become my enemy
This is my arrival. Do not become my rival
It's all about survival. I will take your eyeballs
Yes I do damage. Why I oughta!
Pow! Straight to the moon, pal, it's manslaughter
The head honcho. Big enchilada. I'm a desperado, boy, you got nada
The lone ranger rolling with Hells Angels
Swollen will be famous. Swollen is so dangerous
Living the life with my friends like entourage
Bentley, Beamer and a Benz in my garage
See, I started out from nothing with the million dollar plan
Alakazam. Now I'm the six million dollar man
I saw a chance so I took it and I ran with it
Went from being homeless to "look mom!" Now I'm the man. Dig it?