[Verse 1] Super 'Ro
All of my dreams and nightmares are happening
Always seem to find a harder way like I’m [?]
Penny for my thoughts, I need a hundred for imagining
Mind reading dragons in a mansion with an Applebee’s
See I was just a mad child with a bad mouth
And spit rhymes in anybody’s cypher ‘til I passed out
I’m taking pictures and photoshopping the backgrounds
And now I have an alibi before I pull the mask down
Be on the map and the almanac, spit a globe-round
Stop ‘em with a finger and now we’re headed to your town
Killing every song and every hook and every verse
Illuminati rhymes, you could play them in reverse
Y’all seen DreadEye, three eyes on the search
I don’t care if it’s a beater or kitten it’s getting murked
I’ll put a new hole in your grill with no drill
I just say whatever come to my mind, with no chill

[Hook]
Sometimes it’s dark, sometimes it’s bright
They think I’m wrong, I think I’m right
Doctor Jekyll, Mr. Hyde, Oh why, oh why, oh why, oh why?

Wild and crazy, out my mind
Trains off the tracks just might collide
Doctor Jekyll, Mr. Hyde is fucking me all up inside

[Verse 2] Wiley Flew
If the hoodlums only ones that got my back
Need a couple thousand [?], so I’m happy with that
In fact I’m just trying to keep my crew and I slap nobody
Friends coming out the [?] like “weren’t we buddies?”
See they just knew me back in high school so they never really knew me
Got chips from back then playing groupie, it’s nothing new to me
You balance being a family man and local celebrity
Sometimes I get inside my own head and it gets the best of me
At war with myself, people being supportive
Lying dead inside my bed just waiting to rigor mortis
I’m a stiff sometime
Party animal, give the sign
Hey I’m living to the title so everything should be fine
Once everything falls in line I’m already on overtime
I over grind. Y’all hoodlums is ready to throw the line
If I could fight of Jekyll and Hyde we’d be alright
It’s just the struggle we have inside that keeps us up all night

[Hook]
Sometimes it’s dark, sometimes it’s bright
They think I’m wrong, I think I’m right
Doctor Jekyll, Mr. Hyde, Oh why, oh why, oh why, oh why?

Wild and crazy, out my mind
Trains off the tracks just might collide
Doctor Jekyll, Mr. Hyde is fucking me all up inside

[Verse 3] Madchild
A subsidiary of a shitty area with no rap talents
So I keep holding on for dear life with cracked talons
I’m back balanced, won’t except a wack challenge
This ain’t my last lap, keep going ‘til the last gallon
Missing dope in a kitchen robe but thinks you missed the bolt
But still stay sharper than a razor blade so I can rip your throat
I fornicate with foreigners bitch, a horned horny beast
Four thousand four hundred and four more immortal beings
Stirring up a hornets nest, agitating killer wasps
We’ve all been really lost but now filled with fulfilling thoughts
We’re all fucked up
One crazy family
But now we got each other, that’s a gang engaging anarchy
I’m polishing my style again, I’m partly varnished
Representing all of the demented venting [?] carnage
Madchild’s a mangler, angling like a gambler
Valley boy, I’m totally tubular and triangular

[Hook]
Sometimes it’s dark, sometimes it’s bright
They think I’m wrong, I think I’m right
Doctor Jekyll, Mr. Hyde, Oh why, oh why, oh why, oh why?

Wild and crazy, out my mind
Trains off the tracks just might collide
Doctor Jekyll, Mr. Hyde is fucking me all up inside
​