[Verse One] [Mad Child]:
Who raised by wolves, trained by gorillas
Caged fighters, gangsters and killers
Skateboard kids, successful drug dealers
Pro snowboarders, and bikers they all feel us
I guess it's the adrenaline rush that flows in us
Run with my sons of death. We all winners
All got fight in our blood, we go-getters
Something out there that we want, we won't let up
Battle axe warriors, we armed to the teeth
And I'm a little monster, a conquering beast
White rabbit, Black Sabbath, bad habits
My girl's in love with a thug and a drug addict
Slow evil, back to my high
Til i poison the oceans, and blacken the sky
New me being born, horns and wings
Torn between good, and doing very bad things
We the underground force protectors
You don't want to fuck around with the corpse collectors
My partner, Mr. Cloak'n'Dagger
I'm the blazin' angel, known for raisin' hell
And we don't plan on changin'

[Hook]:
New breed, full blooded thoroughbreds
Organized, don't kill without the go-ahead
Wanna step to my crew? Go ahead
Once it's on, we won't stop til we know ya dead
Street soldiers, you don't want to enter my circle
There's hundreds of thunderous tempers
New breed, full blooded thoroughbreds
Once it's on, won't stop til we know ya dead

[Verse Two] [Prevail]:
Out the mouth of madness, come these truthful words
Swollen Members will emerge, converge, and overtake
Approach those who make promises they don't intend to keep
Inferno rise up, I'm unreleased, the miracle on earth
Some will experience, all will see
I appear in locations, (where) carefully selected
Prepare for our music as rare as Led Zepplin. (Right)
We're graceful as sharks when we hunt our profession. (Let 'em know)
You get the bull if you mess with the horns
You should have told your homie, there's a lesson for em. (Tell ya boy)
Be impressed with my storm, it can form from the shoreline
In wartime it gathers more strength, full of lust. (Yeah)
Your light will dull, mine shines as bright as prophecy
Fulfilled by my steel will and iron fist of M.A.D
The grand inquisitors beyond all walls and perimeters
The laws of the land can't limit us. (naw)

[Hook]

[Verse Three] [Prevail]:
My first spirit dance with the strength of a tribal chief
Deeper than a dead man's chest. There is no rivalry
We survive time while we build our crew lethally
We are the word on the street yet sworn to secrecy
Basements, nightclubs, fight clubs, alleyways
Our people are well prepared. They're all waiting for the day (it's here)
Where they can proudly say, "We fought for a reason"
Everyone in black bandannas pledging allegiance