[Intro]:
*kinky*
Yeah
Uh huh
Yo
Yeah, yeah, yo, uh huh

(chanting)
Swollen, swollen, swollen, swollen

[Verse One] [Prevail]
Flint spears and arrow heads, sparrows and parrot's heads
Apocalypto slits throat, apply pressure
Espionage--Black overcoat. Catcher In The Rye
Iron telescopes, Death Proof, A Planet Called Terror
I'm a Grind House, the bearer of bad news
Sun moon and stars bears my seal like bloody sabbath
Eels for hungry maggots. Negative temperature in the meat locker
A final resting place for rappers and beef boxers
You play the bitch role like Star Scream to Megatron
The soundwaves engraved in my name lead you to martyrdom
Highly celebrated? You're mutilated like livestock
Sorcerers apprentice to Merlin's powerful warlock
Spellbound meltdown. Gold for armor
While my hell hounds hunt down prey for honor
More strength in my legion than 300 from Sparta
Cannonballs crush. The dawning of my armadas

[Mad Child]
This culture needs a hero, you godless heathens!
Hip hop is not dead but it's hardly breathing
Bring life back to it. Yeah, shine a little light
So the crazy kids can listen in the middle of the night
Mad Child box tomahawk I'm a Mohawk Indian
Angel from hell, so fuck your opinion
It's dangerous to make friends with strangers
So when I'm not with them I remain the Lone Ranger
15 reasons not to cause anger
14 in the clip plus one in the chamber
And I will not pretend I'm not down with brown killers
Got gang squad watching my home
Cause I roam with known felons
Knock, knock! Got nothing to tell 'em so
Everywhere I go I get stopped
The top billing
Will he keep poppin' pills
Till the shit kill him
Or will he drop it before the wheels stop spinning
New topic
Shane's brain is a little bit offset
I'm hot but some of the my thoughts
Got too much topspin

[Prevail]:
The code of the warrior is armed to the teeth
What we make in the studio spills on to the streets
We take over the stage. We're enraged like a beast
We've been let out the cage. After famine we feast

[Mad Child]:
Psychotic episode. Voices in my head
Bad choices. Poison should be dead
Half horse, half devil. Red head hunter
Still love God but I'm still a little monster
(Two years passed by) That's news to me
Now these drugs aren't as good as they used to be
So I'm take a little break and make some Death Music
That's self abusive dark marching music
I'm startin' to lose it. It's already been gone
Still killer strong. I am King Kong
With the wild and restless spirit
Let it rain from the pain in my lyrics
I'm insane. That's my main interference
That's blood in the sink that's Shane in the mirror
And I refuse to respect my enemies
If their souls are cold and ungenerous
That's how I feel. Real gangsters are gentlemen
Hold cold steel if they feel the adrenaline
Steel will kill if feel life depend on it
Not for a meal. That's serving the devil shit

The misguided angel is heaven sent
Don't call this a comeback. We never left

[Spoken]
"Most people are surprised that I walk on two legs
And ah… I have no choice, I have to solve this, this problem
So I suppose that my plans are to figure out some new identity
Kill off one life and get another one."