[Hook 1]

All these girls telling me I was Sexy
Paid no attention, now nobody text me
I just wanna have some fun, it's too risky
Blood runs red when I drink black Whiskey

[Verse 1]

It's clear I'm Still here not a weary survivor
These kids are cubs, I'm a Siberian Tiger
Walk through the Jungle. Talk Like I rumble
Now that I got the ball again, I'm not gonna fumble
You can hear my words clear, I don't mumble
Juggernaut, I stomp and the concrete crumbles
Buggin' out at night at about 4:50. Wanna go to sleep
But my brain won't let me. It's stressing
Literally my literature obliterates and everything I spit is
Hot as shit. It can incinerate. Get dramatic, sick and scattered
Memories are haunting me. I spit sporadic sentences
Significant in quantities. It's comical. I'm so astronomical
This rocket should have blasted off a long time ago
I'm just trying to get as big as Tech N9ne and Hopsin
So every night I pray to God "Let that be my option"

[Hook 2]

All these girls telling me I was Sexy
Paid no attention, now nobody text me
I just wanna have some fun, it's too risky
Blood runs red when I drink black Whiskey
Invite a bitch to the crib that's a no name
Get some Drinks, Valium and some Cocaine
I already gave my word
Got a second chance You don't get a third

[Verse 2]

I got this pain in my stomach that is amplified
Realized that it's loneliness amplified
Pushed everybody out of my life to start rapping
But I forgot to let at least one girl back in
Now the doors locked closed, it won't open. The joke is
I got what I wanted pure focus
I don't have the time I am too self-centered
And I ain't trying to get fucking caught on ten..
Wait
Old flame flickerin' in a new flame blazing
Hint, half Asian and half Caucasian. Hope it's amazing
But Watch for the danger
Trick from The Devil or did God sent an Angel?

[Hook 3]

All these girls telling me I was Sexy
Paid no attention, now nobody text me
I just wanna have some fun, it's too risky
Blood runs red when I drink black Whiskey
Invite a bitch to the crib that's a no name
Get some Drinks, Xanax and some Cocaine
But I already gave my word
Got a second chance You don't get no third

[Outro]
My Exterior's a Monster