[Verse 1: Ernie D]
Burning candles late night, writing notes, I’m singing
Open that into the world, calling out, I’m screaming
Spiritual, supernatural, demon fiending
From the inside of me egotistically
I try to tune it out, calm it down, blow some loud
Change my scenery up, maybe walk it out
Step aside, I can see the midnight moonshine
I’m walking a fine line, insanity, a brilliant mind
My girl’s trippin', saying “never spend enough time”
But sunshine I’m just trying to up ma dollar signs
Blind leading the blind, trying to find some direction
Fight the hands of time, perfect these words, keep progressing
I’m learning lessons every day, yes I count my blessings
Rose from the ashes, depths of depression
These unanswered questions never stop like the clocks
Tick toc, Tick toc, I’m running out of time now

[Hook: Ernie D] (x2)
I’m walking down the line
Trying to find my peace of mind
I’m looking everywhere
And I’m running out of time

[Verse 2: Ernie D]
A [?] weary night falls into the witching hour
These demons gettin' strength now, getting full power
Pulling strings, laughing at me like Ha! Ha!
God, just want nice dreams, smoking La! La!
Reality, life for me is not what it seems
Whole new extreme, devil inside of me
Will I ever truly find peace of mind?
Everything I’m looking for, got to explore now open the door
To the next realm, I’m at the helm steering clear of
Two face snakes, money hungry bitches and fakes
I’m walking down the line in the fury, hit the gas
Got a blurry sense of time, be falling fast
Broken hourglass, trying not to push my luck
And be a lie if I said I never gave a what?
But I've had enough [?] spirits stuck
And maybe I’ll find a peace of mind when my numbers up
But it’s too dangerous feeling like a stranger kid
Gone for too long, one too many sedatives
And that’s irrelevant. Trying to fit between these lines
Heaven sent, ultimate and looking for a sign
In the nights, got my red eyes open wide
Singing to myself, hallucinations flying by
Wonder road, wondering thoughts, yeah I wonder why
Can I conquer a monster inside, nothing alive
Or let it ride, come out to play and say "hi"
Seek and destroy in joy, I’m just a simple guy
Mr. Nice, yeah. Lost paradise, yeah
Every time moonshines roll the dice, yeah
50-50, feelings hit me, got me feeling shifty
Kush, codeine, got to lean, feeling tipsy
Getting dizzy, twenty-first century new full  hippy
Where’s my mind, I don’t know, yeah it’s not with me

[Hook: Ernie D] (x2)
I’m walking down the line
Trying to find my peace of mind
I’m looking everywhere
And I’m running out of time

[Verse 3: Madchild]
Madchild, I’m an animal savage
Kill anyone in my way, that’s collateral damage
I’m radical, I catapult a rapper that’s emphatical
And battle all sporadical adults, i'm mathematical
Love untaxable, capital so I’m tactical
When you got a safe that’s full of cash your uncollapsible (true)
Pop a couple capsules of absolute ill ability
Realizing now that time is actually killing me (damn)
Every minute getting closer to death
So every minute that goes by the more ferocious I get
I’m talking focused 'till I’m soaking with sweat
'Cause I've been rich and I've been broke as it gets
My head’s vicious, I spit lead missiles
I’m left with a broken heart and dead wishes
So many personalities, I wouldn't bother mine
Join Mother Nature 'cause no one is dodging Father Time

[Hook: Ernie D] (x2)
I’m walking down the line
Trying to find my peace of mind
I’m looking everywhere
And I’m running out of time