[Intro]

(Clip from Dickhead)

[Verse 1]

I met this Blond girl that was half my age
Grabbed her by the arm when I walked off stage
She was so pretty she just couldn't be a whore
She packed her bags jumped on the bus and finished off the tour!
Then I took her home and she stayed a couple weeks
Every night I took that Pussy out and slayed it like a beast
Then was time for her to go home. We talked on the phone
But after time I got the feeling shes was in a different zone
Thought she wasn't just another bitch in rotation
Thought that she was different, it was misinformation
So Imma tie her up and kill that bitch in the basement
I've been scheming, I've been dreaming bout
This Vicious engagement
Cultivating how I'm gonna stab her and then cut her up
Slit her throat and rip her fucking tongue out
That'll shut her up
Used to call her bunny days when sunny was my
Buttercup. now she's just another slut gobbling up some other
Nuts. Taking pics on Instagram showing off her bubble butt
(you like my haircut? wait until it grows)
I Used to love this slut!
Fuck you and your mother slut
Fuck your dad and dogs and sister
And if you got a brother Imma fuck your little brother up!
It was my fault. I almost caught some feelings
So I just sat at home until the pain it started healing
Now i'm strong again emotions I am not revealing
Now bitches suck my cock until my cum it hits the ceiling

[Hook] x2

Every young girl is a slut, is a slut
If they don't care then I don't care
So lets just live it up
The first night that they meet
You they already give it up
So get yourself some pussy
Take it home and beat it up

[Verse 2]

You don't even stop to think there's pics all on my IPhone
Eyes closed. Cum all on your face from sucking my bone
Shove your fingers in your pussy, make it wet
And I ain't met a slut that ain't sent pictures of her naked yet
I don't wanna like you. I don't wanna poke you
Unless you pull your panties down so I can fucking poke you!
I don't wanna favorite all your tweets, I wanna choke you
Fuck you so hard until I actually think I broke you
I don't wanna send a yellow happy face with heart eyes
I just wanna fuck you up the ass until you start crying
I don't wanna text you little hearts and cute emoticons
I just wanna cum and cum like my dick is a loaded gun
But i don't mind the pictures of you fingering your box
It's harder for me to masturbate with only lingering thoughts
So keep on sending pictures off your cellphone in the bath
And I'll keep showing all my fucking friends so we can laugh
Every girls a model. Every girls a model
Pussy coming at me like I won the fucking Lotto
Don't matter if they young, doesn't matter if they old
They grabbin' for my dick like they just found a pot of gold

[Hook] x2

Every young girl is a slut, is a slut
If they don't care then I don't care
So lets just live it up
The first night that they meet
You they already give it up
So get yourself some pussy
Take it home and beat it up

[Verse 3]

There's a bunch of perverts out there. they call them selves
"Photographers". and every girl of 6 out of a 10 is gonna fall for it
("Come check out my studio and bring your portfolio
It's in my parents basement, they're not home. Want an oreo?
Oh that's good. try one with your shirt off. Oh ya really sexy
Now try one with your skirt off. Try one with your bra, Your hair down, your socks off
Now try one sucking on my knob until I got my rocks up
Thanks for getting naked stupid bitch. Alright, i'll hit you later"
They don't actually fuck you they just wack off to your pictures later. You Fucking Idiot. I Hate to break the news to ya. But you don't have a fuckin' chance in hell. Lets break it through to ya
Anyone can do it. I can go and buy some cameras. A cheap
Light set and tell these girls that they look glamorous
I can get some business cards that I can put my name on
Put my add on Facebook put my email then it's game on!

[Hook] x2

Every young girl is a slut, is a slut
If they don't care then I don't care
So lets just live it up
The first night that they meet
You they already give it up
So get yourself some pussy
Take it home and beat it up