[Verse 1: Jaz-O]
I'm discussing it, so buss it, cold profiling
Spent a little while in the Hawaiian Islands
Off the plane and hospitality came correct
A gang of leis places round my neck
Bathed by the sunshine and the seas of pearls
Fanned by tanned skinned beautiful girls
A twitch of a grass skirt caught my eye
I said "Aloha baby, word life, you're looking fly"
I said "My name is Jaz, and you did amaze me"
When she said "The rapper?" "Yeah, me and partner Jay Zee"
My witness, wasn't she stacked?
Wasn't she pumping slamming working? "So true indeed, black"
She said "I'd love to stay and chat, but I'll
See you at the luau, won't that be nice now?
Later on we can examine each other more closely
And by the way—my name is Sophie"

[Instrumental break]

[Verse 2: Jaz-O]
The luau was sharp, right Jay? (On the strength money)
Laughter good food and tons of honeys
Eat and be merry, festive drums playing
A real cool atmosphere, you know what I'm saying?
Tipped through the crowd, aloha aloha
Mingled like a single, then yo I
Stopped dead in my tracks, and my heart did freeze
Eyes wide surprised to find Sophie's
Smiling at the Jaz for some reason or other
Clocking a brother, but standing with another
Who just so happened to catch her expression
Look in my direction as a sign of aggression
Approaching me and yo I ain't lying
Was this big coconut eating barefoot giant
Face to face, I mean ,chest to face
My first prepared to hook off in haste
Then Sophie sweeter than sugar a good looker
Broke in between, before homeboy shook her
Grabbed her took her away on the wild tip
On a macho trip, that ain't hip
Look to my partner Jay (yeah I saw it)
Shrugged his shoulders said (hey I can't call it)
I said I think she should just up and go free
Then I can be with a girl, named Sophie

[Instrumental break]

[Verse 3: Jaz-O]
Walked along the beach by self til dawn
Askin myself what the hell goes on
She's so thorough, but she got a man he ain't right though
And besides she's a stranger to me quite so
Those thoughts were troubling
'Til the sunlight shone on a figure and I was bubbling
Like a dream it seemed when she approached me
Talking about none other than Sophie!
Looked into my eyes, anxiety gone
Told me she's been thinking bout me all night long
I asked about the island, kid she said "What of him?"
I said "Ain't he your man, whassup, don't you love him?"
Sophie screamed she need a woman's dream
Not a cartoon sucker from a comic scene
Close embracing her eyes full of tears
But we spoke of the devil, and slap, he appeared
Speeding toward us like a heat-seeking missle
But yo, I ain't no cat with that "P" initial
Homeboy was large, I must've been crazy
Sophie said "No!" I said "Yo, get out the way baby!"
No words spoken, major slugfest
Twenty minutes and homeboy's head put to rest
All for the best, 'cause the big prize, the trophy
Was my heart of Hawaii, whose name is Sophie