[Hook]
To the beat y'all..Check it out y'all..
To the beat y'all..Check it out y'all...

[Verse 1: Jaz & Jay-Z]
Hey yo lets begin with the beginning (The start)
Lets get deep within it (The heart)
Partner (Yeah) You gotta partner? (No)
Don't be sarcastic partner (OK partner lets go)
(Who's superior) Opposed to who?
(The inferior, we are the two enterprise ????)
You mean we're in the barrier of the better area
Causing havoc and hysteria?
Yeah, whatever French, yeah we in there
Like an 8 room pad with an upstairs
(Props are up here yea and they'll stay here)
Where else they gonna go dear?
(So ride the rhythm) C'mon, c'mon and widdit
(With the big foot fathom) Mmm mmm the unforgetit
The jitters we split it down to the endo
Never see us sweat it's just that simple

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Jaz]
Jaz recites with simplicity
It ain't a mystery how I take publicity
That's positive got props risin'
A s-s-soothen like lotion on dry skin
Me and my man Jay-Z my partner
We start the flip flop lyrics
When you hear it, it's kinda hard to not sway
Got to resist to stay away from suckas'
Tryna say some, maybe another day sons
Next she quick flex didn't wana flex but it ain't complex
To the brothers with the complex, intellects
On tours most suppose to move the dancefloors
Maybe sometimes we break chores
Get your butts of the wall kids
Cause the fact that the matter is the track that Prince Paul did
Laced like colours on a silkscreen Sophie on the sofa
You know what I mean? Baby scoot over
See I'm here to report we never took sorts
We hold down the fort for sport
Marcy, Tompkins, Fort Green ya sucked in
LG's sell enough push we can roll so though
Cookin homebase Brooklyn ya break and get bent
Jaz and Jay-Z represent
Y'all be quick take some chatter face be nimble and
We'll pull the old dinner school, it's that simple

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
Freestyle rhymes are easy to come by
A pen and a pad when it comes to this one guy
Some try to lead tongue tied
Cause they flow like not a and felt the breeze when I shot by
I get props cause I rep broke
Cause someone ask you to step
No I wreck so yo'
Check on to the next line it seems sensible
For a dope beat you seek the Prince Paul
It's so simple to envy me to the alike
A people who like things done right
You can let go intro to the insult
Emcee's are perpetual when Jay lets the pen flow
And it's laid back, Paul make sure it's stay back
It's just that simple
Play a track with these the J-A-Y-Z too ease
Still treatin' new emcee's like newslead?
Together wit the Jaz top brads
You got the plot? get ready to lock gas
To tell the truth Paul I'm ready to rip the booth off
Make room for the new force the true boss
Let off your vest fail to amaze me kid whatchu wanna' be
Jaz and Jay-Z is on top
Never know when to retire never perspire, it's just that simple