[Intro]
Aye, It's G Herbo
You already know man
Y'all gotta name me one of the greatest after this one, look

[Verse]
H to the E-R-B-O remember me tho'
Used to look at the P'O's. Run down Essex with Vito
Now I'm trio, 3 tapes working on 3 mo'
It's getting easy. Bully rap niggas like Deebo
They love to copy, swagger jock me, taking my steelo
And they flows got my stamp all on it like Vevo
Fucking they hoes and they know that's why they hate me fo'
Cuss her, yell her, beat her don't say nothing to me tho'
But back to me tho', just tryna be all I can be tho'
Stay sucker free tho'
Short temper, Danny Devito
That's why I'm coolin'. Stopped leaning, rolling the B tho'
Backwood fever. Posto is my B.O
That's body odor for the slow ones, I'm hardly sober
I miss leaning so much I been thinking about starting over
And I'm from the struggle. Tho' I got dough it's hardly over
Gotta keep the toaster. Niggas think they can fuck me over
Catch me unloaded, pumped open, slumped over
Even though I miss them, ain't time to link with the fallen soldiers
Killers in the county. No limit crazy already know it
Books loaded so if I tell them, send you to Strogers
H to the Izz-O V to the Izz-A. That's who I feel like
Used to freestyle right on the Izz-eight
A verse 10k but I might take 8 if you strizzaight
Been that nigga way before I played with this cizzake
Pussy I slizzay, never ever been on a dizzate
Was in the trizzap sliding clizzips right in the kizzay
Street nigga. Want war? I'm with it bitch let them sprizzay
Ready for whatever got mom and sis out the wizzay

[Hook]
H to the E-R, B to the Izz-O
Niggas knizzo. Pull up anywhere for a shizzow
H to the E-R, B to the Izz-O
No they can't stand us. No Limit run them bands up
H to the E-R, B to the Izz-O
Yeah this the real me why everybody feel me
H to the E-R, B to the Izz-O
I feel like Jigga. I'm that motherfuckin' nigga

[Outro]
You already know it's G Herbo, man
I had to do this, I ain't gon' lie I had to do this beat man
I feel like this...Real rap real hip-hop shit
I'm speaking my life on this, you know
Niggas can't do this shit, man, you already know
That's how I show you I'm hottest man. Still grindin'
Still on my shit, man. Doing my own thing, in my own lane
This next level shit right here, man. I don't know what the fuck I'm doing right now. Don't know if I'm working on an album or what
It's Big G Herbo