[Verse One: Trigger tha Gambler]
I got the mad act, that your bad act is like that-at
I'm the broken language avenge on your trad-acks
Take two of these or wad-ax, that's a fad-act
You're running hotter, I slip up, bother to slaughter
Cree-deep, catch you off guard when you slee-deep
Throw the gun to your neck, so [barb?] with me
Blaow: one to your artery
I be the big bad wolf
Niggas, like styles, get took
I'm the reinforcer
Crushin' god, double-crosser
Bodyguard, Kevin Costner night stalker
Indictments say outta our eyewitness got snitches
They point fingers at thug niggas and bitches
Even at my dealing sign, keep the seal tucked
So you can't [???]
Trigger: I make raw deals with gravediggers
Behave nigga. Or be sportin' permanent shades nigga

[Hook: D.V. Alias Khrist]
Bust, with your guns
Up and bust, come on now
Bust, with your guns
Up and bust, come on now
Bust, a little bit louder now
Bust, a little bit louder now
Bust, with your guns
Up and bust, come on now

[Verse Two: D.V. Alias Khrist]
Roll with a hustler and so [???]
Smooth operators on some Don Perignon shit
Smackin' your bitch
Cause you don't know how to treat her
Since I'm a pimp preacher, I'll teach her
How to bring back wraps of cash
It's an easy operation
Touch one of my girls, you're in a bad situation
My occupation makes that real dope, real dope
Got the fiends fiending off the product that we built up
Box it up in a little bag up the ass
Got the cash stashed
Got the Glocks cocked just in case I gotta BLAST
With anyone who tries to front right about now
Shippin' drugs out of state to [Cal-Sal?]
My profile is simple jigness
Women beg for forgiveness when they see the pimp and his pimptress
You don't believe me, ask Smoothe, he's my witness
BEEOTCH!

[Hook]

[Verse Three: Smoothe da Hustler]
I'm the head honcho, the slugger
The Brownsville mugger
Undercover to uncover the FBI brother
Fuck the maybe
I'm rather unique like A.Z
When niggas thing of Saratoga they say me, lately
I've been on some down-low shit
Niggas are scheisty
Politely invite me out to the back to snipe me
That's why I keep the gat by my side
So what up? I cause track slides, rap collides
I throwdown in any showdown my lowdown
I slow down niggas for more ground
My four-pound has the crown
Hold up
I know ya'll niggas ain't thinkin' about steppin' up to us
After you heard this shit here? Nah, not this year
Me and my clique beside me
Went through six hundred and sixty six Giulianis
Illuminatis probably
A New World Order to slaughter
I'm running across the whole quarter
Me and my clique drop degrees like cold water