Smoothe Da Hustler ft. Trigger Tha Gambler and Rhyme Recka - Hustler's Theme (Hill Playaz Remix)”
[Emcee(s): Trigger Tha Gambler, Smoothe Da Hustler, and Rhyme Recka]
[Producer(s): D.R. Period]

[Verse 1: Trigger Tha Gambler]
We got that.  Strugglers lounging
We’re hustlers, street-rock bubblers, thuggers
The hallway muggers, loan-shark gang members in
The park, crackhead money-getters until it’s dark
Bums pushing shopping carts, carjackers, pimps, the money-
-makers, blacks to crackers, stockbrokers, the
Stack-stackers, bundle-slingers, lieutenant package-bringers
Bosses to workers, contaminated in triggers
Dope-slinging weed smokers, cornerstanders
Big-Willy block-demanders, freaks, the hungry shorties
That creep with heat, scheme for big-money dreams
Beemers that beam.  Gamblers everyday
Hustling for that cream

[Verse 2: Smoothe Da Hustler]
We got extortioners, let-loose
Precautioners.  Rental drug-infested crossing ‘cause
Jake the Snake’s double-crossing ya.  Shell-spitters that spit
Chicks that got convicted and acquitted of credit scams
That ain’t legit.  Always stay pissy, risking the risky
It’s The Duderisky.  Stripper tippers tipping ‘til
They tipsy, cops out to get me.  Suicide
Attempts, players and pimps, eye-screwers, doers that
Do dirt and dirt-doers, block-busters that bust
Attitude gritty, stay clean-cut and jiggy
Bad Boy like Puff and Biggie.  The rapper dismissal
Money-hungry savage getting rich, bowel moving
Shit and hits pissing pistols

[Hook: Rhyme Recka] (x2)
Got to get
Your hustle on.  Got to make cream, got to make
Moves.  You know the deal, y’all.  When
The cash gets low, re-up, you know, make them
Power moves.  It’s all about the hustle

[Verse 3: Rhyme Recka]
Peep the scheme, the American Dream
Hustler’s Theme.  Cash rules everything, so
I fiend, plotting scheme.  Street soldier
High-roller, money-folder, international
Street-player, Range Rover, Motorola
SkyPager, Hellraiser, gun-blazer, nickel-plated
Burner with the laser, the rusty razor cuts
Chops little white rocks.  Hill Playaz blowing up
Spots from block-to-block, cock the Glock, make
The drop, shake the cop.  Three-sixty-five, the Rhyme
Recka don’t stop

[Verse 4: Trigger Tha Gambler]
Everyday crooks switching from
Gangsters to snitches with hugs and kisses from
Mr. to Mrs. and pants and shirts down to
Blauers and skirts, wannabes to experts, Glock
To gawk for that turf butt.  Same ACP, yo
Lately, you see, what I’m out for is to damage
The industry, but, basically, facing us, you’re
Crazy.  Beating Next Level?  Never that, no
No ifs, ands, or maybes

[Verse 5: Smoothe Da Hustler]
It went from premeditated
To impulse Teflon through your door.  Went from
Ex-con to entrepreneur—peep the switch-up
I’m all up in your face like po-9 with my stick up
Ready for the slipup, pickup.  Even move wrong
I’ll spark crooks.  Wrote the unexplainable.  Now I’m
Seeing dough like Garth Brooks.  Whatever guy ever try
Stepping up to win better step up to, again, be put
To rest talking hustling

[Hook: Rhyme Recka] (x3)
Got to get
Your hustle on.  Got to make cream, got to make
Moves.  You know the deal, y’all.  When
The cash gets low, re-up, you know, make them
Power moves.  It’s all about the hustle