Smoothe Da Hustler ft. Trigger Tha Gambler - “My Brother My Ace (Radio Mix)”
[Emcee(s): Smoothe Da Hustler and Trigger Tha Gambler]
[Producer(s): D.R. Period]

[Hook: Smoothe Da Hustler and Trigger Tha Gambler]
You're my brother, right?  No doubt.  You’re getting down?  No doubt
Word?  Word to mother, Smoothe, I’m going all out
You're my brother, right?  No doubt.  You’re getting down?  No doubt
Word?  Word to mother, Trig, I’m going all out

[Verse 1: Smoothe Da Hustler and Trigger Tha Gambler]
What’d you
Think, Trigger?  You're my blood, my everlasting heart
We was doing it back-to-back from the start
It started from back-to-back, mic to wax.  Now it's
Track-to-track, so welcome.  All you herbs get done up
Run up, body numbed up, all crews get hung up
Jack, set position.  Black suitcase, black
Fatigue, strapped G-holster ready to
Toast ya and roast ya, leave you clapped, drop
Emcees like heart collapse so dead that while I drop
Degrees and show you other rappers where our heads’ at
We’re soft?  Who said that?  Cl-clack.  Underground anthem pledge rap
Step to Saratoga?  Money, dead that
“Broken Language,” brother force some other force
Trigger Tha Gambler.  I’m my brother's keeper—that’s why I ain’t no double-cross
Fake, fronting rappers soft like fabric.  I got gadgets
My craft cause static.  Phony rappers get dramatic
Dramatic, your rapper’s phony static cause craft.  My gadgets
Got a fabric like soft rappers.  Fronting fake if you’re backwards
Any crews that refuse rules and regulations
Get reincarnated in twos on sets.  I’ll move with threats
Threats I’ll move with, bruise skits, mentally confuse
And lose skits.  Skits lose the confused mentally and bruise
A crew slick.  Paralyzation cripple paramedics
I’ll scheme on hospital checks—the Gambling diabetic

[Hook: Smoothe Da Hustler and Trigger Tha Gambler]
You're my brother, right?  No doubt.  You’re getting down?  No doubt
Word?  Word to mother, Smoothe, I’m going all out
You're my brother, right?  No doubt.  You’re getting down?  No doubt
Word?  Word to mother, Trig, I’m going all out

[Verse 2: Smoothe Da Hustler and Trigger Tha Gambler]
God gave
Me a gift.  I’m giving him one back—that's a black
Bag with a ribbon sealed tight with a tag
A one-way shipment with no sight.  I’m giving
Spiritual dead flights, so, brothers, get your head right
And I was blessed with sinister schemes, managed to dream
Scientific chemist of rap mixed this for the team
The lacer place to place a eraser.  Trigger
Embrace a chaser, downtown courtroom judge-facer
For reporters, I caught her, brought her to the lab.  I told her
I knew a order to slaughter from borders across water
The slug way ‘cause, one day, it's all war.  Until then
Friday and Saturday’ll be my daughter's and my son day
T-S-R-M-I-O-G-O-
G-T-E-H-R-E.  Smoothe Da Hustler
Trigger figure.  It's that figure Trig and Smoothe Da Hustler
Customer-serving verse smuggler smuggling verse, serving customer
D.R. Period.  Period D.R..  We are.  Are we?
No doubt.  Doubt no.  Y’all see, player.  Player see y’all

[Hook: Smoothe Da Hustler and Trigger Tha Gambler]
You're my brother, right?  No doubt.  You’re getting down?  No doubt
Word?  Word to mother, Smoothe, I’m going all out
You're my brother, right?  No doubt.  You’re getting down?  No doubt
Word?  Word to mother, Trig, I’m going all out