[Mack 10]
Hoo-Bangers (WASSUP!!!)
Y'all ready? (FO' SHO'!!!!)
Well let's do this shit
I'ma start this bitch off, and y'all run it, check it, uhh

On your marks, get set, go for what you know
It's the #1 crew in your area, dough for dough
I keep it thuggish with my Dickies on sag
I buy my '57 Rag until my '98 Jag
And just roll all over the town on 20 inch wheels
And just, brag all about the mill’s I made on mic skills
I slang and do my thang keepin niggas on amp
It's Mack 10 kickin shit from the Hoo-Bangin camp

[K-Mac]
Haha (nigga)
I just, wake up and ball y'all (Whattup K-Mac?)
Comrade criminals and y'know we fades em all (That's right)
I'm hittin six on the teatley
And I'm ridin on you busters cuz that's how it gotta be (It got to be)
Niggas please, Cadillacs on Deez (on Deez)
And in the middle of the winter, it's still 89 degrees (That's right)
We's die hard, pullin job nigga's whole cards
Best to check our records cos we's ??? ??? (That's right)

[Techniec]
I kill a nigga ten times, before he hit the concrete (Whattup Techniec?)
Tight shit that make ya say "Damn, Tech got bomb heat" (Hahaha)
First nigga that speak like "I don't believe you"
First nigga who face touch asphalt before his knees do (God DAMN!)
Nigga, I ain't tryin to please you, know that
I'm no joke, black, you can quote that, I wrote that
I hold Mac's with 2-1's
Plus the deuce-5's at my side so I got two guns (That's right)

Chorus:
It don't stop til the casket drop
Quick to handle them thangs, Hoo-Bang's the gang
On the corner with this rap tryin to regulate cheese
Y'know we represent them straight B's and C's

[MC Eiht]
G'yeah (Wassup? Whattup Eiht?)
Ready to go to war, I take you to war
Hoo-Bangin as I buck thru your passenger door (BUCK BUCK)
Bust, grab your bitch and tell her hit the floor (Hit the deck, bitch)
Give it a fuck, blood pour, what we came here for (That's right)
Til I die, why camouflage? I'm in a Dodge (Wassup nigga?)
Your homies can't see me, I'm greedy, call me Idi
Speedy, the fire spits, kicks like the Last Dragon
Connects the clock with the Glocks, g'yeah

[CJ Mac]
I'm a motherfuckin Westside gangbang, low ride nigga (Yeah)
A 600 Benz ride, Cristal sipper (Nigga)
You don't wanna fuck with me, you're high, nigga (What?)
Fuck with this here, you disappear, listen to me clear
6-double 0 bang, ace double O gang
Run up in banks and run trancs, what's my fuckin name? (What's my name?)
CJ L-A-Richwold, right here for the scrap
Less risk for the roller, killin niggas over

[WC]
So-so crackin, steady and packin on chrome, up under the hood
Slingin packages from S-C to Inglewood
Runnin up on ya, puttin em on ya wit these knuckle hammers, mayne
It's the shadiest ridah loc, quick to let the barrel flame
Dub-C, one of the last niggas you wanna get wit, with these things I'm
'quipped with
Bitch, I'm a couple of sandwiches away from a picnic
Clippin nothin but hogs, I'm from the seaside of the walls
What's connectin with these doggs? Nigga, ballin til we fall

[Boo Kapone]
B’s and C's, slangin CD's
Overseas, the Vietnamese and Japanese (Uhh)
Ya get got, your ass'll get shot
Have you on your hands and knees like you was makin sulac
What's the plot? Nigga, from here to Reno
Boo Kapone got three cases up in Chino (Nigga)
I smash, I blast for the cash, I smoke hash
I ripped your ass in half, don't niggas do the math? (Niggas)

Chorus

[Binky]
Y'ALL DON'T WANNA GET DOWN! Fuck y'all fools
YA BEST LAYDOWN! Get clowned when we spray your whole town
The Jock Coon aka Binky Mac, nigga!
Porsche or gat? Put you flat then I ditch my strap (Throw it away)
What's the haps, mayn? Jockin a whole crap game
Mack 10 put a nigga on in, so now I Hoo-Bang (get yours, nigga)
New Jordans with my usual P hat
B-Mac, if I ever go broke I'm grabbin my ski mask

[Thump]
Nigga, I'm a baller, Inglewood dweller, ho seller
Schemin for the pussy four times, do your duty
Bustle up in this and tatted up
Live and die for the West, but ain't had enough
It's a Hoo-Bang thang, they say a "Nigga, where ya homie be?" like
(Don't slow your roll) Too late I'm banged out
I'm livin crucial, through this here ???
I live for violence and motherfuckers feel the terror

[Tha Roadawgs]
RISE UP when you other fools is fallin
The Dawgs is who you gon' call, we on the ball like Spalding
Trick, it's the infamous Macs from the I
Hit the switch, in the Lac, and go from low-to-high
Drive by, yeah G loves swamp rat and thug dumpin
Bumpin, see me from Roadawgs, always into somethin
Like NWA, Hoo-Bangin, the R-E-C-I-P-E, yeah
We fades em all, like Jamal
It's Westside Connect bang or ball? (Nigga)
Just ask the lil' homie Do Dirty
We get drunk and start beatin fools up at the pool party

Chorus (x2)

[Mack 10]
Yeah, gettin ours, Westside Connect OGz
Hoo-Bang for the cheese, nigga
You know about this crew
Try to see it or L-I-G it, nigga, wuz happenin?