[Verse 1]
On a high speed chase they recognize my plates
Wanted for a 187 in three states
Got my Glock cock, mind is ill mental
Blastin' at one time through my back window, shit
Sick individual, murder was my ritual
Mashin' in a hard top four, all original
Bout a dozen of cops all behind me
Mad as fuck cause Ice Cube is my crimey
Like a missile launch led from my pistol
Jumpin' hills like the streets of San Francisco
Hard tryin' to stump him, reload my dumper
Hit the ground, lost my hubcaps and my back bumper
A hundred and ten, Westbound on the freeway
Bo guardin' traffic cause I do shit the G way
Hard to survive, lit up a 45
No alive instead Mack 10 wanted dead

[Verse 2]
And it's on, stick to the fire, loop get me high
Drop the four in low, as I smoke the back tires
Peddle to the floor in a bucket low low
One time trailin', hittin' corners, fish tailin'
I continue to cap as the gap starts to pull again
Mashin' through Fullerton, a all points bulletin
Wigs get pilled, nigga, runnin' from the kill
Bugs flyin' into my grill and windshield
Never see trial, say fck tryin' to stretch me
Mack 10 a fuckin' dead man if they catch me
Stompin' through red lights, no headlights on my vehicle
5150 is my penal code
I empty the clips when I carry'em, aimin' to bury'em
Nigga fresh out the sanitarium
LAPD tryin' to blow off my beanie
Want the whole world to see me
Put my face on TV, for real

[Verse 3]
Fuck this shit, if they catch me I'mma goner
Runnin' for my life, I continue to hit corners
With my heat, 50 rounds deep
Nigga, goin' down, holdin' trial in the street, fuck it
If it's on like that
It's about who's nuts is fat
And who's straightest with they gat, for real
That's how it be, livin' like a G
It's better them than me facin' strike number three
Heel no, I can't fuck with the lock down
Mack 10'll grab the Mack 10
And set the Glock down and I'm runnin'
Freeze was my order, cappin' at they ass
As I hit the border and I'm gone, fuck yall!

[Ice Cube & Mack-10 talking]
Aye nigga, police came over here looking for you?
What they say?
They say shit they was like do yall know Mack 10?
Hope yall niggas said no!
Nah we was like he live right there, you know we ain't say that shit
(Both laughs)
Who was the police nigga? You ain't never see em before?
Nah, they had a little bitch police talking a gang of shit
Is that right? How the bitch look?
She was straight!
Would ya fuck?
Ah nigga you know me nigga, fuck the police!
(Laughs)
Nigga i'm gone bye, i'm gone in the house! I'm out!
Alright!