[Intro : DJ Kay Slay]
Fabricated G’s by Big Tray Deee
Real G nigga
Holla at your boy

[Verse One: Big Tray Deee]
Back up nigga before I had to get that
Homie I’m from .. my only crips at
Locked out, no doubt, packing your big gaps
Get that ass up and you’re hearing the clip clap
Cloud mother*cker need and knock your shit back
Guess it will be best you could runnin’ your lips back
Fabricated gangstas I’ve been .. and get that
Talk to see, walk to see, chocking and leave that
Check the boards in the stores, I’m the .. by four
The general original I saw it the call
Hold is on, ain’t no other rapper is wrong
Having your joke just be and I’m clapping the sword
Other your chest, better be running in the west
In your jacket, get it if you come to contest
Nothing last and macking it
Gang bang after this, it’s natural shit
Nigga be the .. I ain’t gotta practice it
The shit, strip your G style from the set to the county to the P Now
P, how I keep my gangsta standin’
Will stay and everything I keep my gangsta handin in
Homie low key stay chasin’ them guap
Got the homies, OT now blaming the block
Check the name, .. even bangin’ them guacks
Trade D and stay G, get the day that I drop
The day that I drop, drop stay the day off their Glock
My .. every day till they got
Hated or not, banging never aiming to stop
Tryin to beef, G’s keep making the pop
Straight out the box, can’t be a day in my props
Stayin to stop, twenty like a .. when I hop
Say that I got ambition of a ride that I pop
G cream of the prop on the rise to the top

Now will back up nigga ‘fore I had to get that
Homie I’m from .. my only creeps at
Locked out, no doubt packing them big gats
Hit that ass up you’re hearing that clip clap
Clown mother*cker need and knock your shit back
Guess it will be best you could run to your lips back
Fabricated gangstas out of .. and been that
Talk and see, walk and snitch, chocking and leave that
Stats in the tats I’m the real and it’s the rap
I’m innocent fat and .. the killer you kept plan
Keeps in the .. place you defeat
Staying the bricks sleeping what a key in the seat
Patrone is on, docking in my focus is on
Blowing your dawn, catch you nigga rolling the law
Snick em to slick, keep to stay the clips and the hit
Soon as I creep, squeeze till I hit what I see
Insist complete nigga I’m the shit in the beach
Mention the G, you’re making then my business to speak
Creepin’ you nigga, no other sense is vicious me
Bitch I’m a G, bustenly, permission to speak
Flow as the bomb, resident and smoking with come
Know as a dawn, making rappers, slow to respond
What a D great to .. want in a state
It’s other the bake, wrote with the .. with base
Knowledge is deep so I’ma model top of the streets ..
Top of the pick, green grass out of their seats
Hands in the sky, waving up from side to side..
Divine plus a nigga style is fly
Smooth but rough, every walk, cruise a buss
Cruise this slump, leaving rap cruise the struck
Solo I crush, bringing if you think it’s a bluff
Treat officials with ‘em and say nobody could f*ck
Slow up nigga before I had to get that
Cold me out some blown this one my only creeps at
Locked out, no doubt, I’m packing your big gats
Hit that ass up if you hearin’ the clip clap
Loud mother*cker and hearin’ not but ship back
Guess if you best you could run and your looks Glock
Fabricated next as Alice been and .. that
Talk and see, walk and see, chocking in me that