[Intro]
[Speaker 1] Are you gonna turn strong on me?

[Speaker 2] You know, I think you got the wrong impression about me. (South Productions on the track). In all fairness, I should explain to you exactly what it is that I do. For instance, tomorrow morning I'll get up nice and early. Take a walk down over to the bank. If you don't have my money for me, I'l crack you fucking head wide open in front of everybody in the bank

[Verse 1]
Rise from the bottom of the pot with the crack was cooked at
I saw opportunity and took that (huh)
Posted on the block like am waiting, tip and put back (yeah)
Young flashy nigga, am strutting, would never look back
I'll be where the tricks at, with a big gun and a hood rack
I got a fat ass, it's a good catch
Stuck in my ways, I ain't change my Jesus in days (days)
But I switch my hoes like my jays (jays)
Rolling on you niggas, these niggas want me to foul out
VA on my case, he waiting for me to wild out
They know I take money and known to bring the pile out (pile out)
So if you plan on clubbing with me, bring a towel out (what's up)
I make it rain, then I make it back (yeah)
I made bills before I made a track, niggas know that's a fact (we know)
You wreck my life but you make it wack (what)
You balls weak and you faking jacks
You ain't never sell no crack (nigga)

[Speaker 2] And just about the time when am coming out a jail. Hopefully, you'll be coming out a your coma. And guess what?I'll split your fucking head open again

[Verse 2]
Looking back on it like God damn my gun
Looking forward in the mirror, God damn Mashun
Y'all can chase bitches, I got money on my mind
I don't remember hoes, less I look on my timeline (Drama King)
Selling Instagrams, rerun through birdies
You boy blue white like fucking duke jersey
Use to shoot hoops, now I shoot niggas
Still ball heavy, you could tell by the pictures
Flashy young nigga, uniform full of dangers
And biting my style like wow, they relentless
The shit don't stop, but I don't play
Red bean blu ray, nigga watch what you say
All I do is count guns, we can toss away
I make memorials like the month of May
You niggas is crazy, July you lazy
I guess that's why we ahead, good day "B"

[Speaker 2] Cause am fucking stupid. I don't give a fuck about you. it's my business. It's what I do. And we know what you do, don't we Charlie? You fuck people out they money and get away with it
The Industry Purge, we coming