[Intro]
WARNING. WARNING. WARNING
The drama king is the building!

[Verse 1: Lloyd Banks]
Bullshit got his target on you, never misses
You skip the wishlist, what kind of gift is that for Christmas
All hecklers witness, VVS's [?] them bitches
Real nigga's watchin' over homies no weapon shall clip us
I'm never in a tough position turned deluxe edition
Can't have my mind girl, saved it all for the mission
Everybody sound the same now, safe to call me the difference
Paper for all the whispers, change the game look where they list us
You'd rather see me hit the curb, destiny disturbed
Company that misery preferred, wizardry with words
Clear to hear the flow to take us heard, mysteries absurd
You don't' act the same now, this, that and the third
Smoked a million rappers, models gift wrappin' in the urn
Smellin' like success, on my trip back to Cologne
I position left, out here zig zaggin' along
Bad one on my side, big bag of the strong

[Chorus: Lloyd Banks]
Makin' it will bring amnesia, that's how it happens
These nigga's fakin', my bitch was actin', I'm lookin' past 'em
I hear your anger, bullet for me in your chamber
Been a long line for that shit, ain't nothing major
I'm the remainder, mediocre names brought do me no favour
I promised I'd be greater
I don't go the time for your mind, I'm in the paper

[Verse 2: Lloyd Banks]
Uh! Found perfection that's my prized possession
Gold diggers starin', duckin' eye connection
I'm out the question, no delivery can go for three
Two [?] for flexin, your style shaky and terrible
[?] the closest you've ever been to fire
Luke warm and desperate hella [?] you ain't get the wire
You [?] this shit, fate gave me a superpower
[?] accept it
I stood, worked on these moves for hours, now I'm electric
Hard to act like you can't see me
Hand out the [?] six cakes money is easy
Big face dummies complete me
Draggin' my new crown anywhere I should lay my boot down
I've been the illest out of Queens, shit Long Island too now
Holdin' my power back, I stretch in here I knock the roof down
Sound of my haters droppin', beautiful ground
Burners for what these sixteen's do to the town
Lit beam you in the pound machines that go around

[Chorus: Lloyd Banks]
Makin' it will bring amnesia, that's how it happens
These nigga's fakin', my bitch was actin', I'm lookin' past 'em
I hear your anger, bullet for me in your chamber
Been a long line for that shit, ain't nothing major
I'm the remainder, mediocre names brought do me no favour
I promised I'd be greater
I don't go the time for your mind, I'm in the paper