[Verse 1: Jae Millz]
They said my last mixtape had too much talking so allow me to start this off with a coughin' just as I do often
But this is just a portion, fly New York nigga but I'm so Boston
Bitch, get off 'em I'm fire, fuego
You niggas all bitches made in my eyes. Diego
The hate is sweet nigga but don't play with me nigga
Got that black star power but I'm A and E nigga
Niggas do your stupid ass like they do on the First 48
And this ain't the intro, it's just the first 48
No-no commercial breaks, I am great, fuck mistakes I spit turbulence, bitch I'll make your jumbo jack shake
I'm a hurricane, I'm a tsunami, fuck it I'm a earthquake
All wrapped in one big fuckin' missle HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
I got a present comin' your way, in the worse way
I'll lay your ass out like school clothes on the first day
And just look at you with that goddamn face
SMH. Cold case. I'm killing niggas homie this is no race
And DJ just go I ain't even gotta show tape
'Jae Millz' with a 'S'. 2 of the biggest somgs of last year, was I on 'em? Yes
And the succesor we are Young Money, got me booked every night
Performin' YM verses for the rest of my life. And be aight
Fuck the crtics nigga
Can't satisfy everybody so fuck I'm livin' nigga
Money, I get it nigga. And don't forget it nigga
'Bout to treat my moms to a house, in other words, I did it nigga
Now back to the lyrics nigga
Grim Reep Millz, I have come to collect spirits nigga
Booth wise, it's homicide when I'm inside
You tellin' lies, convertin' Jesus to Amistad
You-you talking to that dark-skinned lady down in Memphis
At the prescent nature, ready to start preachin' nature
You askin' for your baby mama I can tell once you ask for a cup if water
Rap prosecutors wanna make my run shorter
Try to lock me down for verbal violence, every man-slaughter
I said 'Judge is ballin' every word of that shit'
Who chrages false? Just ask, I'll be murderin' shit
Do your ass like the Russians did Alonso
This The Flood nigga, fuck a poncho
I stimulate my mind, Cheech and Chongho
Smoke that Oscar the grouch, 'til I look like Gonzo
Somebody tell six I need a honcho, a pound though
But knowin' how my lungs grow, fine where that's gonna go
Half a million dollars last mixtape got in my way
2-tag flow, first 48
Millz!
Lehgo!