Come on, y'all, let's take a ride
Don't you say shit, just get inside
It's time to take your ass on another kind of trip
'Cause you can't have the hop if you don't have the hip
Grab your gat with the extra clip
And close your eyes and hit the switch
We're going to a place where everybody kick it
Kick it, kick it, yeah, that's the ticket
Ain't no bloodin', ain't no crippin'
Ain't no punk ass nigga's set trippin'
Everybody's got a stack and it ain't no crack
And it really don't matter if you're white or black
I wanna take you there like the Staple Singers
Put something in the tank and I know that I can bring ya
If you can't take the heat, get yo' ass out the kitchen
We on a mission
Come along and ride on a fantastic voyage
Slide, slide, slippity slide
With switches on the block in a '65
Come along and ride on a fantastic voyage
Slide, slide, who ride?
No valley low enough or mountain high
I'm tryin' to find a place where I can live my life
And maybe eat some steak with my beans and rice
A place where my kids can play outside
Without livin' in fear of a drive-by
And even if I get away from them drive-by killers
I still got to worry about those snitch ass niggas
I keep on searching and I keep on looking
But niggas are the same from Watts to Brooklyn
I try to keep my faith in my people
But sometimes my people be acting like they evil
You don't understand about runnin' with a gang
'Cause you don't gang bang
And you don't have to stand on the corner and slang
'Cause you got your own thang
You can't help me if you can't help yourself
You better make a left
Come along and ride on a fantastic voyage
Slide, slide, slippity, slide
I do what I do just to survive
Come along and ride on a fantastic voyage
Slide, slide, who ride?
That's why I pack my 45
Life is a bitch and then you die
Still tryin' to get a peace of the apple pie
Every game ain't the same 'cause the game still remains
Don't it seem kinda strange? Ain't a damn thing change
If you don't work, then you don't eat
And only down ass niggas can ride with me
Hop, hop, hop your five quickly down the block
Stay suckafree and keep the busters off your jock
You gotta have heart, son, if you wanna go
Watch this sweet chariot swing low
Ain't nobody cryin', ain't nobody dyin'
Ain't nobody worried, everybody's tryin'
Nothin' from nothin' leaves nothin'
If you wanna have something, you better start frontin'
What ya gonna do when the 5 roll by?
You better be ready, so you can ride
Come along and ride on a fantastic voyage
Slide, slide, slippity, slide
When you're living in a city it's do or die
Come along and ride on a fantastic voyage
Slide, slide, who ride?
You better be ready when the 5 roll by
Just roll along, that's what you do
Just roll along, that's right
Just roll along, that's what you do
Just roll along, that's right
Do you want to ride with me? Do you want to ride with me?
Do you want to ride with me? Do you want to ride with me?
Do you want to ride with me? Do you want to ride with me?
Do you want to ride with me? Do you want to ride with me?