[Verse 1]
If you free your mind your ass has got to
But you're caught up in that same ol' patent and trap that the homies go through
Searchin' for answers without no questions
You thought it could never happen to you and your crew, but y'all was no exception
It started out as fun and it was all about kicks (Kicks)
But each and every kick turned out to be a trick
Imagine this you got no family, you got no ends
You got no hustle, no muscle, no car, no clothes, you got no friends
You once was the neighborhood boss and hog
And no G livin' legend like walkin' dogs
Niggas hate to admit it, but they know it's true
Damn near everybody in the hood, includin' the kids, wanna be just like you
So, hear I stand as a witness, or, should I say a reclaimed victim
Written off and spit on by this really sick ass system
You can roll what I roll in the swirl from the smoke
Somebody take a vote, the devil is dope

Chorus:
The devil is dope (Dope)
Out of control
The devil is dope
The devil is dope
Out to get your soul (Yeah-yeah)
The devil is dope

[Verse 2]
Things seen only imagined and in dreams
Until, the same nightmares in tv screens your teenage screams (Ahh!)
Cause the dosage wasn't right
Now his chest is gettin' tight
And everything is goin' black
But it's the middle of the day, figure that
But you still can't see with a thousand watt beam (Blind!)
And you need mo gin to feed your triple beam with schemes (Wake up!)
Cause traffic done slowed up like the one ten at five
So, you dance the street section at around two, to try to stay alive
And now you trapped tryin' to play hockey with some tic tac's (Tic Tac's!)
And niggas tellin' you to kick back and bend back, but you already did that
And all money ain't good money
But everybody want the cream and honey
Thinkin' that the other side is all green plus it's sunny (Yeah!)
But, money, lust, and jealousy most lead to treachery
From A.C. to O.G. to P.G. to P.C.B
As you call for your locs, set adrift in the smoke
It's like murder, heat, smoke, the devil is dope

Chorus

[Verse 3]
Sunshine on your mind but darkness prevails
You move your sales from motel to hotel
Prerequisite for a blast, merchandise, cash, or ass
Bloodshed often is the door where personalaties crash
And it's your task to try to make a meal ticket
So, you can kick it and be swift with your chicken (Bock-bock!)
You's a victim and since you got your own mind
It ain't all your fault, but you gotta do your own time
Choose your weapon cause your first impression
Often dictates the situation that you find yourself caught in
If you still blind and you can't see
You better obtain yourself some glasses and clear your vision like DMC (Don't run!)
And remember what I told you
Remember who brought a soldier
I wanna wake you up like Sega
Consume large amounts of dank-a
Man overboard
Beware of the underlords
Stay your ass on the boat, the devil is dope (Ooh-ooh!)

Chorus: Repeat 2X with adlibs in there