[Intro: Jay-Z]
What, tssh, y'all, what
Jigga, uhh uhh uhh, uh-huh
Pa-pa, uhh, pa-pa, uhh
The G, Roc-A-Fella y'all

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
Who be, in a Japanese restaurant, eating sushi
Drinking sake, it's me, and my mami with the doobie
Cutie, smelling like Miyake, half-Philippine thing
For now, let's call her Suki, got me, this booty banging
Properly, in Versace pants, cocky bow-legged stance
A thing of beauty, watch me, body crazy
Tits Firm like Nature, Foxy, Nas and AZ
Truly reason to bug the toolie and keep laced in jewelry, watch me
Girlie tried to lure me and lock me you gotta get up early
'Cause who's getting played is not me
"Surely you jest," she said, "if you thought I was purely
Out for the bucks you woulda bucked stuck and dropped me"
I said maturely, "You right
But better safe than sorry, before the lovebirds
Can move to the suburbs, I need to double check your story
To make sure that you one of a kind
And you deserve to be my Sunshine"

[Chorus: Babyface (Jay-Z)]
Touch me with, a heart of gold (uh-huh)
I can't go a day without my sunshine (uh-huh) ahh-haaa (say what? uhh)
Touch me with, a smile of gold (yeah)
I can't go a day without my sunshine, sunshine (uhh, uhh, uhh)

[Verse 2: Jay-Z (Foxy Brown)]
A year gone, and she seeing things most chicks only
Hear in songs (uh-huh), keep in gear phenom
Lots of ice in the air, round the neck the charm (that's right)
Risked a four to life bid to keep that shit on her arm
Keep her impressed at all times, cats would love to creep (uh-huh)
Just to say they crept with mine, slept with mine, she said

[Verse 3: Foxy Brown (Jay-Z)]
I ain't deaf nor blind, niggas stressing
Hating 'cause they less than mine, they wanna sex me
We chose each other, you acting like you chose me
They oppose you then, they oppose me
We could creep at a low speed, the gat in the hosiery
Double cross you they got to triple cross me
(I'm thinking that's the way it's supposed to be) Uh-huh
(One more thing:
If I ever go broke, would you hit the block for me?) Fo' sho'
(She replied, eyes open wide) Uhhhh
(Put that on everything?) I put that on my life
(Right)

[Chorus: Babyface (Jay-Z)]
Touch me with, a heart of gold (uh-huh)
I can't go a day without my sunshine (uh-huh) ahh-haaa (say what? uhh)
Touch me with, a smile of gold (uhh)
I can't go a day without my sunshine, sunshine (uhh, uhh, uhh)

[Verse 4: Jay-Z (Foxy Brown)]
If I needed would you, give me your kidneys? (Uhh, uhh, fo' sho')
Catch a case you catch it with me? (Mmm, fo' sho')
Pawn your jewelry to come get me? (You better know)
Catch me with a chick, forgive me? (Uhh, now that, I don't know)
They spread rumors, will you defend me, tooth and nail? (Uh-huh)
They try to frame me, will you be there, till the truth prevail? (uhh)
(But would you be the same dude, when you blow the roof off sales
That you was, throwin' rocks, at the roof at 12, nigga?)
This is the truth I shall, 'til the loot gets frail
I put this on my nephews, from the smallest to the pale
Me and you balling, from the Heavens, or the Hell
Won't let you hit the ground if I'm falling myself
Now picture me leaving you in this cold world, rolling for delf
It's me and you in this old girl, we taking the belt
From the lows, to the highs, to the foes we shine
Just continue to be my Sunshine, uhh

[Chorus: Babyface (Foxy Brown)]
Touch me with, a heart of gold (uh-huh)
I can't go a day without my sunshine (uh-huh) ahh-haaa (say what? uhh)
Touch me with, a smile of gold (yeah)
I can't go a day without my sunshine, sunshine (uhh, uhh, uhh)
Touch me with, a heart of gold
I can't go a day without my sunshine, ahh-haaa
Touch me with, a smile of gold
I can't go a day without my sunshine, sunshine