[Intro: Foxy Brown & The Letter M]
(I just need a...) Yo 7, this is Fever man! Yes, indeed!
This is another Ill Na Na production
Ill Na Na, Def Jam baby, all the way, yes!
From the streets of BK, to the streets of Long Beach, Compton
LA, Los Angeles, y'know, California (Aurelius 7)

[Hook: The Letter M & Foxy Brown]
(Back up in New York City, the strong streets down in H-Town)
Strong and understands
(To the Windy City of Chicago, Chi Town)
All my life's demands, all my loving
(To the city of brotherly love, Philadelphia)
I just need a, not jealous of me
(Down in the Sunshine State, Miami)
Loves me for just me
(This is how we do it baby!)
Tellin' you the real is that I need a..
(C'mon, yeah, yes!)
I just need a..

[Verse One: Foxy Brown]
Homie, look, what you sellin' I ain't buyin'
With dude I'm done, tell him I ain't cryin'
You'll see the proof when I drop my album
It's the past now, plus dawg I'm better without him
(I just need a....) dude that act right
If my life go dim, he can be my flashlight
Not the rebound dude who abused his last wife
A dude that ain't afraid to lose the mack life
And you don't got to question if he truly care
A little, dinner here, movie there
And he won't treat his wifey like his last whore, see
Is that too much to ask for?
But, I'm wiser now, I'm older now
And the truth is a need a man to hold me down
And by now most dudes know what "Na Na Be Like"
So this time when I'm doing it, I'm doin' it right, yes!

[Hook: The Letter M & Foxy Brown]
I just need a, I just need a man (woo!)
Strong and understands (Ill Na Na baby)
All my life's demands, all my loving (yeah! yes!)
I just need a, not jealous of me (oh)
Loves me for just me
Tellin' you the real is that I need a..
I just need a..

[Verse Two: Foxy Brown]
The dread straight jealous of mine
I put him on, you would think he would relish the time
But he didn't, kept fibbin' and kept his feelings hidden
Intimidated, slowly the love disintegrated
It's, (I just need a...) like I'm driving
Making a wrong turn, woo
I need stability, something that's long term and
Maybe a dude with no kids
But, he get deported I'm troopin' his whole bid now
(I just need a....) a dude that respect his moms
Ain't afraid of the marriage or pushin' our baby carriage, whoa
I come home and he runnin' my bath
Late nights, stressed out but he makin' me laugh and (*laughter*)
(I just need a....) a dude that my brothers approve
A thorough man by my side, if I win or I lose
But, if I'm cool or I'm spazzin', we still a team
Dubbin' hard in the dancehall bashment

[Hook: The Letter M]
I just need a, I just need a man
Strong and understands
All my life's demands, all my loving
I just need a, not jealous of me
Loves me for just me
Tellin' you the real is that I need a..
I just need a..

[Verse Three: Foxy Brown]
Built for the struggle and he, move with integrity
Can handle my celebrity
A dude that's in love with Inga, respect Fox
And put a blue stone on my finger
(I just need a...) and cry with me, if we fight, we fight
But if I'm right, if I'm wrong, I'm right
And, homie look, what you sellin' I ain't buyin'
With dude I'm done, tell him I ain't cryin'

[Hook: The Letter M & Foxy Brown]
I just need a, I just need a man
(Now ladies throw ya hands up high)
Strong and understands
(And tell 'em niggas no longer we gon' cry)
All my life's demands
(And this a new year now)
All my loving
(Y'all don't have to fear now, cuz ya girl Fox here now)
I just need a, not jealous of me
(So throw ya hands up high)
Loves me for just me
(And tell these niggas no longer we gon' cry)
Tellin' you
(And this a new year now)
The real is that I need a
(Y'all don't have to fear now, cuz ya girl Fox here now, yes!)
I just need a..

[Outro: The Letter M & Foxy Brown] (Until fades)
Lookin' for a thug oh baby, baby, baby (Yo 7, this is Fever man!)
I just need a..
I'm just lookin' for a thug oh baby, baby, baby
I just need a...