[News Reporters Speaking]
"Rapper Foxy Brown was arrested today in Raleigh, North Carolina on
Misdemeaner charges for an alledged altercation with a hotel employee
She was arrested and released on a thousand dollar bond but if found
Guilty of the charge, she could face up to sixty days in prison."

"Gun fire erupted today outside a Greenwich Village radio station. The
Gunplay allegedly stems from an ungoing feud... both artists claim no
Involvement in the incident. No arrests have yet been made in
Connection with the shooting."

"In other news, rap artist Foxy Brown was hospitalized yesterday after
An apparent overdose on a common prescription drug. While the overdose
Was allegedly an atempt at her own life, no one from the hospital nor
Foxy's family were available for comment. Stay tuned for more news"

"Inga Marchand, also known as rapper Foxy Brown, was taken to a local
Hospital today, when the Range Rover she was driving spun out of
Control at a Brooklyn sidestreet. Although she was not seriously
Injured, Marchand was later arrested for driving with a suspended
Liscense. This is just another in a long list of offences that have
Plagued this Brooklyn rap star."

[Foxy Brown]
Yeah, you know its been a long time since y'all heard my voice
Maybe what, 2, 3, years or somethin
Up and down been high and low
Even been at the point of no return, no hope
Just wanna let my fans know that I'm still here
Y'all holla back

The sound was broken, too many years being political
Its kinda hard to do when everything your seeing is critical
Is all my fault what they said in the news
But its funny how the public seems to get it confused
They act like they ain't got nothin better to do
All they want is a statement, the hattin is blatin
But we never paid attention to those who hate us
Til my face was on the cover of all the local papers
But still un-phased, I kept my cool
Plottin, carefully, every step I choose
And my, Cool-whit poin, and my write finery
Everybody wanna know my side of the story
Well here it is, the whole truth, plain and simple
This'll finally explain all the pain I've been through
And in no way shape or form of my provoken violence
Please try to understand my "Broken Silence"