[Intro]
(Nigga, uh)
Yeah, huh (nigga uh)
Why don't ya'll take a look into my life?
See what I see
(Nigga uh, nigga, nigga, nigga uh)

At the age of fourteen, introduced to coupes
Learnin' how to seduce niggas takin' they loot
Quickly, got involved with this money lifestyle
The finer things, all kinda things, power, money
Cars and diamond rings, in 9th grade flauntin'
The Gucci boots with the G's on it
A high price for this 'high price' life

While I'm on tour is my man cheatin' just for spite?
And if you only knew I hold my minks at nights with cheap
Or no other hands can hold me right
My girls ain't the same, guess it's cuz the fame
Bitches smile in my face and throw dirt on my name
Mad cuz I made it, now friends intimidated
Hate it that I'm in the same game as them
With mo' fame than them, they know who they are
This life is no joke, got us havin' to broke

You was my sister, we used to dream together
How we could make it real big, do our thing together
Huh, Thelma & Louise together, remember them days?
Them niggas we played? Now we don't even speak
Went our seperate ways, seperate lives
Lost friendship for pride, playin' the game
About to forfeit high price life, I can't afford it

1 - My life, do ya feel what I feel?
My life, a black girl's ordeal my life
Do ya see what I see?
Have you been where I've been?
Can you go where I go?

My life
Do ya'll know what it feels like?
Do ya'll know what it be like?
Do ya see what I see?
Have you been where I've been?
Can you go where I go?

Daddy's girl, in his wildest dreams
Said he think that lil' Ing will be illest in this rap-thing
Age 4 in my mother's shoes, swore I could sing
And even as a little girl I was doin' my thing
Uh, confused, I ain't asked to be born
Nigga so dumb, shoulda used a condom
Ask mommy every day, when daddy gon' come?
But he never showed up

I would pimp for them, became demented, then men?
Resented them, just the scent of 'em made me earl
'Specially the baller ones tryin' to buy me with pearls
All I needed was love, all I wanted was love

Lack of love had me fallin' for thugs
The niggas who ain't care, just like Daddy
If he ain't care, why should they?
For this 'high price' life, it's the price I pay

Repeat 1

All my girls cross the world that feel what I feel
Hearts bruised, then been way I been, keep it movin'
Let him do his thing, I'm the one he's lovin'
I'm here to show ya'll, havin' a kid ain't meanin' nuthin'

That ain't keepin' him, 'specially if he in love with another chick
Then you stuck with the 'babymother-shit'
Don't be lovin' niggas more than yaself
Let 'em roam, a dog always finds his way home

Shit, ya'll don't wanna take my place, catchin' cases
Spit in faces I never seen falsely accused
While some say it's rude
But if I was a dude, they all be amused
But I'm a woman, so I'm a bitch, simple as that
Double-standards, call him a Mack, call me a ho
Say I'm in it for the dough, but tell me
What tha fuck he in it for?

Wanted it all, now it's all mine
Loneliness, sorrow, confusion and pain
Nightmares, headlines, "Rapper found slain"
If it wasn't for my moms I'd drown in this pain
Now ya'll see what it's like, ya'll don't wanna be me
Cuz it ain't always what it seem on TV
Shit, but this is my '9 to 5' ya'll
Sometimes I wanna slit my wrist and end my life ya'll

Repeat 1 until fade