[Intro]
Gav I just drank a Red Bull baby
Hey I'm a vibe man
Oh yes, oh yes woo!!!
Oh my God (Brooklyn)
(You got it!)
Woo! Ho, ho

[Verse 1]
Bust that gat if you feel that bull
Spit, spit that flow if you feel that cold
Who that? If you feel that I beef that real
Then bet ya deal I promise that my words'll kill
Pop that, crack that Mo' if you feel her flow
Blow that, blow that dro let ya eyes hang low
Who that? Who that be in the new black Z?
F-O-X nigga, there's no better than me
Fox 5 cocksucker, now who better then we?
And with Rob Dolla locked still who fucking with he?
I brings forth the Fev', the negativity, the crisis
Y'all niggas understand why I write this
I should be talking to Oprah like the ghetto Jehovah
I'm door to door with my flow, I talk how I live it
What you see is how I get it, I'm ill, I'm sick with it
Fuck y'all think I'm a gimmick? (Eh!)
I'm the best that ever did it
More love to Shante my friend who was "Fox" back then
Y'all don't understand, I had Jay, she had Shan
And I rocks chinchilla how she rocked Dapper Dan and

[Chorus]
Everything I say is a open book
When I spit these bars, I don't need no hook
You see, everything I say is a open book
And when I spit these bars, I don't need no hook

[Verse 2]
Eh, hold that
Hold ya dough, I'ma show you flow
Slow that
Slow ya roll, I'ma coach you slow
Know that critical flow come from the mind of the sick
And since they say that I'm seven
It's only right that I fit
Seven years through the blood sweat and tears
Almost caught a brain tumor
Tried to escape all these rumors
When insane for a second when I crashed the Range
But that's the price of this fame
I must live with this pain, but
Why don't you mention my name?
Fox is not a mime, I don't read between lines and

[Chorus]
When I write it's a open book
When I spit these bars, I don't need no hook
You see, everything I write is a open book
And when I spit these bars, I don't need no hook but
Everything I write is a open book
And when I spit these bars, I don't need no hook, nigga

[Outro]
Jhea, I need another Red Bull man
I mean these things get me so focus man
Yeah, I mean bitches just don't spit like this man
I should be compared to niggas
I'm one of the five elite
Ain't no classifying me man