[Intro: Foxy Brown]
Introducing the one and only "Ill Na Na" baby
Along side, Jazze Pha, yeah
Brooklyn, yeah
Stand up

[Verse 1: Foxy Brown]
Put your fingers in it, let me squat on your dick
And do my thing I'm in it I'm a superfreak!
If you get it you should treasure this nookie
This ain't regular you fuckin with celebrity pussy
And if you're weak I'mma get on your case
Matter fact lay back I'mma sit on your face
Don't try'ta act like you misunderstand me
I been freakin' y'all better listen to "candy"
Play on my tit's, and suck on my nipples
You'll be stuck when I lick you I fucks 'til I'm crippled
I don't care what you bring brotha
Niggas in the bing beating their shit; busting on my king cover
Ain't no rules for sex
I tie my legs around your head probably bruise your neck
Don't take it out see them back shots done
Now I'm ready to ride

[Hook: Jazze Pha]
If you not freaky count me out
Black or white man she must be a superfreak!
Anything goes that's what I'm talking 'bout
Yes a asian she must be a superfreak!
If you not freaky count me out
Big real good titties she must be a superfreak!
Anything goes that's what I'm talking 'bout
New york girl she must be a superfreak!

[Verse 2: Foxy Brown]
Yo, lemme ride lemme hop on ya cock I'mma climb on it
I'm superfreak; fucks my name, ill na na
A.k.a. illest pussy on the planet, best titties in the game man
The darker the berry the pinker the pussy
I love em, I leave em, I fuck em, I keep em but
I'm like a dude I love to mistreat em so
Turn around put your face in the ground pussy
I'm every hood niggas dream
My brain is incredible, my neck game mean
When I hop on it I don't stand I lean
Been tamed been fuckin' since ya girl was a teen
I been stylin' I been on my dean man
Got the quan homie like I said brotha
Niggas in the box beatin their cocks hard off my feds cover

[Hook: Jazze Pha]
If you not freaky count me out
Black or white man she must be a superfreak!
Anything goes that's what I'm talking 'bout
Yes a asian she must be a superfreak!
If you not freaky count me out
Big real good titties she must be a superfreak!
Anything goes that's what I'm talking 'bout
New york girl she must be a superfreak!