[-Intro] Foxy Brown (Baby Cham)

Ugh, Ehh, Uh!
(What, WHAT!) (What's bumpin', Baby Cham, Fox Brown) Uh!
Fox Brown, Baby Cham
Ugh, Kingston, Brooklyn, WHAT! Dave Kelly, Can't stop this, We did it again
What?! What?! Uh!
HY-YAH!

(Foxy Brown)
How many times I gotta let yall bitches know I'm
Why, so many bitches wanna take my flow I'm
Too hot, Too dope, Flow like that pink Cris and Momosa
Who the fuck doper? (Ehh!)
Niggas wanna run up in my spots and
Every nigga wanna pull off on my frock and
Me and Cham do that Yard-Hip Hop and
Y'all can't fuck with us, We keep niggas boppin' (Let 'em know now)

(Baby Cham)
Tell dem ah women we a defend
Love to si di charlies inna Benz or a BM
Holla if ya livin' right
Get the benjamins, aight?
Let them know a money we a defend (Holla at us now)
I let dem' know already and I'm tellin' dem' again
We on another level, Fox Brown ah set the trend (We on another level)
Head's boppin' and, Collars poppin' and
Prada rockin' to the end (Can ya feel me?)
Breaker, Breaker
Call di undertaker, Niggas will' be dyyyy-in'
I am no fake-ah
Send 'dem niggas cryyyy-in' back to their maker
Muddafuckas tryyyy-in' to be a shaker
Ya didn't know they shouldn't mess wit' people from Jamaica
Baby Cham and Foxy Brown, a we take the cake-ah
Drop a bomb on them, Now it's like a earthquake-ah
See them fasis movin' like a snake-ah (ya heard me)

[-Hook-]
Ah whatta day when the tables will turn
Whatta day when the tables will turn
Ah whatta day when the tables will turn
Whatta day when the tables will turn, (Wey eh)

Whatta day when the tables will turn
Whatta day when the tables will turn, (Yo)
Whatta day when the tables will turn
Whatta, day when the tables will turn

(Foxy Brown)
Throw ya hands up, wild the fuck out
Rollin a kiki, bust the screechy (Eh!)
Zip it up, eh, zip it up, eh, zip it up, eh, zip it up, HY-YAH!
Grab a couple stouts and, show 'em what y'all 'bout
Y'all can't deny us, we dare y'all to try us
The best to ever do it, so throw ya hands to it
And hit the dancefloor, what the fuck y'all came for?
Hot shit, Ill Na Na, MadHouse, Lock this shit down
Nigga what, we don't give a fuck
Big Pussy like Sopranos, Young Fox ride big cock my nigga
An pupalik pon dat, Ehh

[-repeat hook then Baby Chams verse until fade-]