[Dialogue 1]
Man Boss (Couldn't think of another name): Hey, hey! Wake up!
Logic: Huh?
Man Boss: You imbecile
Woman Boss (Same Here.): The meeting begins 10 minutes and you're sitting here sooner
Logic: No I'm sorry, uh. I was up all night preparing your presentation
Man Boss: Yeah, I know. We can smell it. You're a disgrace
Unknown Man (I'm bad at this.): Okay, let's get this goddamn thing over with. What shit are you shovelin' us today?
(Man and Wamen Boss both laughs)
Man Boss: Come on, let's go

[Intro]
Yeah, ayy

[Chorus]
I work hard, every motherfuckin' day-ay-ay-ayy
I work hard, I work hard, every day-ay-ay-ayy
Yeah...
But today is my day, It's my day
And no matter what they say, It's my day
La-la-la-la-la-la, yeah, ayy

[Verse 1]
Roll up to the spot, feelin' real good
Think you gon' talk shit, you better not, my homies real hood
They say, "Logic, why you do that?" I don't know, I don't know
Yeah, they used to be like, "Who that?" I don't know, I don't know
Now they, know my name wherever i go
Used to think that's what i wanted, but now 'just don't know
No, I can't fuck with that, knuck if you buckin' back
Yeah, I been workin' but i ain't get nothin' back
Tell me the dealy now, hold up, wait, really now?
All of that shit you been talkin' just silly now

[Pre-Chorus]
Just as quick as you rise
Just as quick as you could fall
Oh, no, no, no, I can't fuck with that at all
Can't fuck with that at all...

[Chorus]
I work hard, every motherfuckin' day-ay-ay-ayy
I work hard, I work hard, every day-ay-ay-ayy
Yeah...
But today is my day, It's my day
And no matter what they say, It's my day
La-la-la-la-la-la, yeah, ayy

[Bridge 1]
All, all she ever wanted was attention
And a bunch of other shit I shouldn't mention
'Cause she got daddy issues for days, for days and days
But today, she ain't got shit to do
Her right along with you
So we gon' fuck around and vibe, and vibe, and vibe, and vibe
I'm trynna' live my life, but am I doing it right?
Yeah, I'm trynna' live my life, but am I doing it right?
'Cause they tell me I'm the man

[Dialogue 2]
(Logic gets... kinda old)
Logic: I can't believe this shit, I-
Man Boss: Make these copies
Logic: Get that away from me! How many years have we just slaved away over this bullshit? What for? Is there anybody comin' with me in this place? Anyone?... Anyone?
(Points at Marshmello) You, right there! Yeah, you! Come on come with me! (Marshmello comes with him, obviously)
Let's leave this place! Let's have some fun man! Enjoy ourselves, this place is a shithole! Yeah, see? How 'bout the rest of y'all?
(That one thing i can't name because english isn't my native language is kinda broken)
Oh, you, you goin' down! Nah, oh you piece of shit! I'm gonna fuck this up. Who's coming? (Black guy comes)
Somebody's gonna come with, yeah, that's right he's coming! Who else? Come on, come on dawg, come on! It's a new day, It's going down. Shit...
(Security comes out of nowhere)
Man Bossy Boss: I want you to kill these fuckers! Kick their nuts in!
(The gang runs and stuff)
Logic: Oh, I dropped my glasses. Oh shit.. oh no
[Intestifies]
Logic: We gotta go, oh we gotta go, hello? We gotta go-
-Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, what are we doing there's like four of us and two of them
(Fighting Scene!)
Logic: Oh, oh, yeah
Man Boss: Yeah, that's right
Logic: Oohhhh! Oh ma gawd!
Man Boss: (Get out!)
Logic: Oh we outta' here!
(Black lady grabs them glasses)

[Good Intrumentals]

{Marshmello really likes destroying an inanimate object]

[Verse 2]
Goddamn! Listen...
Yeah, I'm visualizin' and in realism of my life, and actuality'
Step to me, fatality, yeah this shit is my galaxy
I am who the baddest be
I rather be at the academy
Yeah killas, I'm glad to be me
Magnify the shit like Bi Focal
Motherfuckers talk on the internet
But in person they never vocal
Come to the hood and f**k you up if you prefer to be local
I'm Loco from Noho to Soho gettin' cheese like a photo
You know hoe, I'm
Blessed like a sunday flyer than a runway
Lil Bobby never second guess that he gon' make it one day, one
Whether or not my brother word to your mother
They should give me a badge, 'cause I'm always under covers
Goddamn! I'm a miraculous man
You know, I get it, I get it, I get it, I get it, the young Sinatra spit it
Rewind it, and rip it
I can murder your whole album with a thirty second snippet
Pass the Mary Jane, like I'm runnin' the train, with Peter Parker
On tour I have more sex in the city than Sarah Jessica Parker
The deeper, and deeper I go, It get darker
They say they want the old me, they want the Young Sinatra back
The one that murder it, rip it up, no never given' up rhyming almanac
Yeah I'm all of that, fall back
Like September again, bashing these rappers so hard they won't remember again
When it comes to hip-hop bitch I'm indigenous to this it's apparent
I'm barrelin' down like a parent
When the beef is at stake I'm mastros
My god level lyricism surpass flows, I'm much more than fast flows
Money talks, cash knows, greatest ever I surpass those

[Bridge 2]
Fuck that rap shit It's that trap shit, (Bobby)
This world is my contraption, (Bobby)
I was born and raised in the trap son, (Bobby)
Talk shit get kidnapped son, (Bobby)
I don't really know why i rap son, ayy-

[Bridge 1]
-Cause they tell me I'm the man

[Verse 3]
You the man right now, you the man right now
With the whole wide world in the palm of your hand right now
Fuck the lights and the cameras and the money and the fame
I'ma do it for the fam right now
I'ma get it for the 301 and the R-A-double T-P-A-C 'cause you know

[Chorus]
I work hard, every motherfuckin' day-ay-ay-ayy
I work hard, I work hard, every day-ay-ay-ayy
Yeah...
But today is my day, It's my day
And no matter what they say, It's my day
La-la-la-la-la-la, yeah, ayy

[Dialogue 3]
Logic: Woaaaaah!
Marshmello! We're livin' our dreams man!
Marshmello (Probably): Woo!
Logic: This is insane!
Marshmello (Probably): Woo!

[Dialogue 4]
(Phones ringing, office buzzes)
Man Boss: Young man, did you have a nice little dream?
(Logic is kinda leavin' tbh)
Where are you going? What are you doing? Every single day, you're disrespectful. It's the same thing. We try to get you to focus-
(Woman Boss: All we have done for you, [Mumbling] Insurbidonate little snot!)
Logic: Shut the fuck up!
(Crowd is shocked wow)
Get out of my face, all you constantly do is berate me! You made me work on christmas, on my birthday! I'm like the hardest working person here, jesus christ! You wouldn't even let me visit my aunt Keesha when she got her leg amputated! Shit! Fuck you! (That middle finger)
(Crowd shocked, some laugh, some clap)
Man Boss: Fuck your aunt!
(Logic gets out)
(Logic gets in the car, but sees their Lambo, gets out of the car, tries to get in the Lambo, fails. Goes to the sign that says "Reserved for Division Head" then removes the "Division" and writes "Dick" instead. Madlad.)
(Whole crowd claps while the bosses are maddy)

[Chorus]
I work hard, every motherfuckin' day-ay-ay-ayy
I work hard, I work hard, every day-ay-ay-ayy
Yeah...
But today is my day, It's my day
And no matter what they say, It's my day-

[Verse on Credits/Outro]
-Ay, bitch I've been going, and going like the energizer
Yeah, I'm supplyin' the world like a Logic
In da cut, smokin' on Indacud
Might fuck around and compartmentalize ya
They say, lay say: "Life is a bitch."
And if that is the case then i finna suprise ya
No I am not an advisor but i do advise ya
To pay attention never need to mention
I'm the mothafuckin' pussy hands
Finna push it to the ledge
Yeah I'm just smokin' my meds
Ain't got no love for the feds
Can't let fame go to your head
Fuck with me, watch where you tread
I'm finna kill it instead
I'm finna, I'm finna, I'm finna
I'mma doin, doin' like i never done it
And I wanna keep it going, and going, and grown
Like Infiniti be the only enemy
Maybe to ever rip apart from the start like this, from the heart like this
Finna murder it a million miles a minute no nitrous, do it righteous
I been, I-I-I been down this road before
Everybody think they do that, but they won't
Swear to god that they would, but they won't
Spittin' riddles in the minutes of a pass, ha
Me and my ma feel the vibe like, yeah
Finna get it like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, (like yeah)
I can make twenty million dollars, (preach)
I don't flex to be acknowledged, (preach)
At this point It's common knowledge, (preach)
All you haters been abolished, (preach)
You in the club throwin' dolla's, but I'm savin' mine so my kids go to college, (preach)
Or maybe whatever they wanna do, (preach)
Just as long as they never say, (preach)
Daddy blew twenty million dolla's, (ayy)
(Ends the video before more lyrics oof)