[Intro]
Meanwhile, back at the rap cave!
Jumping gee willickers Rap Man, you're never gonna believe it!
What seems to be the problem my rap-tastic companion?
I just found out there's a bunch of wack ass, no talent having, swear they can rap, 40-something, should've got a job, still living with their parents, so wack they couldn't even get the whole 15 minutes of fame, only got 2 minutes perpetrating bitch ass motherfuckers out there on the scene trying to make music!
Oh my god! (I know!)
Rapman will not stand for this! (Go get 'em!)
To the booth!

[Verse 1]
Now let me hop up in the rap-mobile
Get so much pussy in the back, they should call it the cat-mobile
Everybody's worried about a deal, but I keep it real
Fucking around and I hit you in the crown with a inevitable sound that's spreading through your town
Hold up! Gee willickers Rap Man, I don't think they comprehend or can begin to even understand
We don't fight crime, we fight whack rhymes, one song at a time, line after line
Hold up, motherfucker I'm bout to roll up, pull out the hammer on a bamma leave em tore up (Oh my god!)
Yeah you talk, but can you walk?
Let's see you put the dough up (Cha-ching!)
Rhymes I throw up, a little nasty bastard (Yugh!)
People hating on a brother just cause I mastered the flow
Like Jedi, bet I, murder it before you heard of it, bitches I'm merking it
Go berserk in the club while honeys twerkin' it
Haters talking shit where they ain't no time for this, you know I'm bombing this, the flow is ominous
Second I'm rhyming this, sound like a dominous (Ching!)
All the people that was hatin' in the beginning, know that I'm winning
Let me slip through your fingers and now your spinning
You can check the Polaroid pictures 'cause bitches I'm grinning, I got it
Treat the game like a honey, I had to get inside it
Visionary and Logic, is like two planets collided
I'm a lyrical miracle, matter fact a paradox
On stage while my DJ scratching like chicken pox
Never put me in your box, if your shit eats tapes
I'm not bitin', only quoting one of the greats, now
The radio got me feeling disgusted, punch you in the snot-box til your brain concussed it
Women they lust it, when they guts get busted, rip it up and thrust it
I'm the best, trust it

[Interlude]
Oh my god! Rap Man, what have you done?!
Why, whatever do you mean, Rap Boy?
Not only did you kill all the whack rappers, but my favorite ones as well! What were you thinking?!
Well I just had to show these motherfuckers who's in charge
What, by obliterating them?!
Well how else was I supposed to let them know who's really running shit around here? (No)
No, no, you're out of control, you're drunk with power!

[Verse 2]
Yo, let me get it, you know that I did it, my flow is outta this world, like the alien that spit acidic
Middle finger to the critics and as fresh as a fitted, soon as a bet, get the honeys wet, never upset
When I catch wreck, like Bobba Fett down to collect
Does it even register that I ain't taken a breath yet?
Oh my god! Oh my god!
West Deer Park done raised the rap god
Maryland I'm reppin' it, dare ya to step in it
None others iller for realer the killer slash drug dealer
I get bitches erotic by slinging dick like a narcotic, you want it I brought it, hit the club and get the party started, yea
The flows never ending, always ascending, while apprehending anybody who's partially comprehending
Feeling limitless, quickly swallow the pill and enhance
With the killer stance, swallow the mic like a Neverland
All up in yo' bitch's pants, the second we dance I advance
At first glance go together like lettuce and ranch
A born winner, schooling MC's like Principal Skinner
How I murder a kill-able syllable's are no beginner
Feeling high style running through your stomach like hot bowel
I'm the only human being'll perfectly rap this
So I'm coming for ya head like John the Baptist, is this
This is the rapture, no camera can capture
Annihilating anybody that's violating by hating
I spit hotter than Satan, when he was migrating from heaven to hell
Step to the mic and I shall prevail
Finna blow your whole mind soon as time avail, what

[Outro]
Haduken!
You have interfered with our affairs for the last time
Logic
Sinatra