[Intro]
I mean man are you serious man? You opened up for Pitbull, EPMD, Method Man, Redman, and Ludacris?
Man get the fuck out of here, man I know you lying
Dog, I'm telling you the truth man, look, I came on stage and he was like "He goes by the name of Psychological. Alright, lyrics. give it up for Psychological. Jigga what?
Uh, D.C., Maryland, Virginia make some noise!
Nah, nah, nah, y'all sound dead to me. I said make some noise!"

[Hook]
Make some noise
Make some noise
Make some-

[Verse 1]
Back stage, palms sweaty but I'm ready
To kill my say, you know I gotta get the credy
Moments before yeah im feelin' unsure but everybody like "You dope man we've seen you before"
Gotta stay humble, mind state ready to rumble
Gotta keep my cool in this concrete jungle
Moments before and I'm still feelin' nervous
Roots walkin' up like "Whats good you ever heard us?" (Man)
Nah homie, you see I'm kinda in the zone
We can talk later but for now leave me alone
Then the M.C. for the whole event
Comes up to me while I'm chillin' in the tent
Said "I know you hungry, today you gonna eat, but first theres a couple guys I want you to meet" (Whats up?)
Took me on the tour bus told me "Have a seat"
Then a moment later, I met a few from Wu-Tang
It was surreal cause they the reason I'm in the game

[Hook]
Make some noise
Make some noise
Make some-

[Verse 2]
Off of the bus, gunnin' ready to bust
Rhyme is a must, finna kill it you better trust
My heart's poundin', but calm and collected is how I'm soundin'
Dressed fresh to death go all the honeys drownin'
Grip the mic while the announce my name
Small talk backstage with big names in the game
See I, know the line, between Logic and Bobby
See Bobby, he listen to rap for a hobby
But Logic, sit back relax he ain't got shit
So while the other acts, askin' for autographs
I'm as professional as it gets ain't no need to ask
Why you goin' up to them, talkin' bout you rap
How you this how you that, then like "hey, can you sign that?"(Please)
I'm on the stage and they like "I wanna sign that"

[Hook]
Make some noise
Make some noise
Make some-

[Verse 3]
Off of the stage, the whole crowd feelin' me
Copies of the mixtape what they wanna be
See I ain't never ever seen a concert
But the first one that I went to is the first one that I merked
When I first came on, they wasn't showin' love
When I last stepped off every girl wanted a hug (Haha)

[Outro]
I mean yeah man
It was a real cool experience, you know?
Its the first time I ever really did something that big, you know?
With a few thousand people there and everything
And, I mean it was just tight, you know what I mean?
So, its pretty, its pretty much what I got out of it
Yeah