[Intro - Big Punisher]
Big Pun baby
You miss me?

[Bridge 1]
See Pun gon' sing, then he gon' rhyme
Let me lick you girl where the sun don't shine
I'm gon' sing, Treach gon' rhyme
Let me lick you girl where the sun don't shine

[Hook - Big Pun]

We can do it in the middle of the night girl
We can do it on the beach in the sunlight
We can do it anywhere that you like girl
Long as you do it, and do it, all night

[Big Punisher]
So how you like it mama?  In the morning coming out the sho-wah?
How 'bout the middle of the night, late after hours?
My powers be have her coming hard to God, say good Muslim
From the way I crush the sun, the moon, and then the stars
Punisher's large like the planets
But if you make my dick hard like Janet
Then you can ride the Squad transit
Trizz Nathaniel to you, can you handle my crew?
Bend over by the fridge and hand me your brew
This is how we do, that's just how you do
Throw a hand in the air, and scream Trizz Power rules
(Trizz Power rules) Again (Trizz Power rules)
That means you run train, with your whole damn crew
C'mon

[Hook]

[Treach]
Dirty Jerz, wettin' the set, with no sweat and Moet
If you want the Treach, there's no dick with no lickin'
For you home or hubby, how come (?) make it sunny
You took off the rag, so don't get mad that it's runny
I fuck with the rubby, and long stroke don't poke
Put the hooter in your cooler 'til your booty gets soaked
I knock it from the front, and make you look at your foot
Hit it solo from the back I might forget how you look
An old crook crashin' knowin' who wanna screw
I've been fuckin' ever since you called it doin' the do
Now who you doin' it to?
The fuckin' screw of the crew?
Hittin' something and drunk drivin' past the boys in the blue
Talkin' to you

[Hook]

[Treach]
Poo-tang..tang.. no scallywagging!  Now
Hit it from the Illtown ground to Cali alley, now
Bang it in a Boogie Down building, with no windows (BX!)
With your partner riding Big Pun, passin' indo
If Pun smack her ass, tell her grab his gut
Cause when I pop the cock, watch the nuts erupt
Been platinum, no more sleepin' on Latin rapping (Boricua!)
So get your mackin' crackin' and Pun pass the Magnum

[Big Pun]
It's me Big P the bachelor
Your Secret Garden need a weeder whacker
All I need is my gat and my black Cleopatra
She the master of seduction with a classy introduction
Must be after something way she make that ass function
Pass the Dutch and take off your boots
I'ma call my troops, and just work that caboose
Terror Squad the truth, we the proof for the kids
In the Coupe with the Trizz (WHOOT!)
There it is, c'mon

[Bridge 2]
Take off your clothes, meet me in the bathtub
I wanna get it on, scrub a dub rub
Last night baby, told me that you'd stay
And when I awake it seems like you're gone for days

[Hook]

[Back up singer]
We can do it in the middle of Little Italy
Don't worry about your man, he can't do diddily
Ohhhh... I can do it better!

[Big Pun]
Señora! (Señora) Señorita! (Señorita)
Tan preciosa, media linda
Señora! (Señora) Morenita (Morenita)
Tan preciosa, tan bonita

[Outro]
Quítate toda la ropa mi amor
Quiero estar en un (?) contigo, corazón