O yeah!  It's Wizzy!  (laughing) I'm having fun up in here, man.  Shouts to Boston!  Shout out to all my people!  This shit's fun for me man!  Everything's coming in full circle.  Wizzy!

[Verse 1]
Wizzy, Wizzy, stacking, get tipsy
Already killed 20 drinks, but feel like nuttin's in me
I gotta girl named Molly, hottie hollas just to lick me
Fingerprints of bitterness are fucking me up quickly
Rolled out, swinging for the fence, you know like Griffey
On the runway, bridges off my plane, sorry you missed me
Cloudless in the sky, but Stacy has the cabin misty
We just smoking Alias, but ain't fucking with Missy
I can't feel my legs, I'm Uma Thurman in this damn thang
My revenge is pill form, Adderall and Ying Yangs
Touching ladies, sweating, blazing, flammable as propane
Champagne bottles poppin' and we cuttin' lines of cocaine
Feeling like a million bucks, furthest from a bad place
Smiling on my inside, but I'm grinding with my sad face
More and more I'm fallin', crawlin', stepping toward euphoria
Popping shots before it ends, call me Robert Horry, brah!

[Hook]
If you wanna roll with me
Pop and throw ya drink back
Singles are for lovers
If you fucking take a trip stack
Love me baby I can take you higher
I can take you higher
Let's get a little higher, higher
X2

[Verse 2]
On my shit, I'm out my lid, but notice how my words shape
Sean and Cudi hurricanes, well I must be an earthquake
? hearing all these dudes show love and then they spread hate
My pupils are big as fuck, 'bout the size of pancakes
Rolly faced to Beezer state, Boulder boys we getting faced
Boston fam there's no replace, meant to speak my life on tape
I don't know if this shit's fake, either way my mind's erased
I love every body, I'm the biggest fan of good mistakes
Get your girl wetter than if you went and jumped in the lake
Stuck off MGM and ey, I'm puffin L's, getting baked
Magic, in the playoffs, you a loser, you just get Laked
We still rollin' heavy boy, 'til the day we get cake

[Talking]
Yeah!...I'm sorry ma!