If you came tonight, and you feel all gold
Somebody say HOOOOOOOO! (HOOOOOOOOOO!)
HOOOOOOOO! (HOOOOOOOOOO!) And you don't stop
Clap your hands to the beat to the beat just clap to your hands to the beat (everybody just)
Clap your hands to the beat to the beat just clap to your hands to the beat (check it out)

[Monie Love]
Work work work, that's all I ever hear you talkin about
What happened to play some time, all work no play is good for now
You square I do declare become aware come over here
Share this hyper-funky party atmosphere, I think it's fair
To spread your time more evenly than you do, get the clue
Get down do exactly what I'm about to do, is that hard for you?
I didn't think so, so let's go, with the flow, and you know
You can work it out with Sister Mo'

Work it out..
Work work it out..

Are you ready to get into this funky funky funky stuff
I hope that there will be enough, there is no need for me to bluff
Cause what I'm about to do is set the mood just so you get picture
Let the rhythm get fly hitcha I will lead the peoples witcha
Sway a little mo' I know the flow will get you so
Why don'tcha try to let go of your entire ratio
Let the music fill your shoes, take care of all your worldly blues
I'll try my best to do the rest, so whaddya say, ??
So slap you in the face with good intentions
I'm forgettin to mention, Monie Mon's imaginative invention
Bein able to party Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday
Saturday even Sunday catch my drift? Okay next section
Time to work it out, you got the clout, the ability
To achieve your every need so let me see
You can do what you're doin now, I'll show you how
Let me hear you shout - with Sister Monie we can work it out

Work, work work, work
Work, work work it out..
Work, work work, work
Work, work work it out..
Work, work work, work
Work, work work it out..
Work, work work, work
Work, work work it out..

Well, whaddya whaddya whaddya know? Sweet little Mo'
Gettin hype? You better believe that I'm the type
Cause no one else can rock this mic as nice as me
?? MC's please let me be, I don't want no beef
Howmany howmany howmany times must you make yourself a slave
You'rediggin you'rediggin a grave, get out the corner that you make
Won't you live just a little, get out of the middle
Kill the doubt, with Sister Monie you can work it out

[Rap samples and ad libs to end]