What you mad now?
Cuz i done made it, laugh now!
You doin bad now?
I thought you was a big timer!
You a trip nigga
You just a buncha lip nigga
Why that shit so little and all the diamonds missin?
Where the hood street shit?
Show me where the G shit
Where the gutter holes be and nobody gone see shit
Hit the purple main up, man i need a complete zip!
And if i catch you anywhere i can hit, you gettin' ripped

Verse 1, Webbie

I had to ? at the club
And i didn't even know her
I just looked her in her eyes
And i could tell that she was sober
That's a problem, bought some bottles
We started blowin and pourin
She got to bouncin and twerkin, my dick it start gettin hard
The lights and 'em got 'em movin my shit it start glissen hard
Told niggas that got to lookin i'm muggin them bitches hard
Already smoked about a half of dat shit i was trippin hard
So i made sure my niggas was straight
And kept her goin

CHORUS
First night! Watch diz nigga do it every time
First night! Probably get to even let my nigga get a try
First night! Oh come on suck it i know it's your first time
First night! I just hit 'em and forget 'em I ain't lyin!
2x

Verse 2, Webbie
Ugly hoes stand wide bad bitches come and talk to me
I don't really talk a lotta shit my appearance talk fo me
I don't like relationships cuz i dun really wanna fuss
I love me thighs and hips to grip when i be cuttin some
Me, i'm quick to nuttin some
I know you clowns trippin' out
Until you find out that it's yo bitch mouf i'm talkin bout
Real feel this shit cuz
On the beach just chillin out
Six puerto rican hoochies just me, boos, and rick ross
Bet a hundred on that Saints game
Kinda pissed off i just lost
She ate nuts i cheered up
Nigga feel her this bitch soft
I call soon as you go to work
I leave right when you get off
I stay there when you ain't home
I'm the nigga behind them prank calls
I fuck hoes, i touch them, i'm out shit, i'm bout dat
I count toes, i flow hoes, i slang hoes, these skank hoes
Head first, a fo sho, and bread first, a no no
To the room after my show, don't wanna go then don't worry

Chorus 2x

Verse 3, Mouse
I met a cutie with a booty, and she was kinda groovy
She woulda gave it to me if i took her to the movies (Yup!)
Then I met Pam, straight outta Birmingham
She says she ? but she did the whole fam (Yup!)
Can't forget Ashley, yea she get nasty
Chopped her on campus right befo she changed classes (Yup!)
Freaks by the bundle, yea they act humble
But when they let the ?, shit they will rumble
When I work that lumber, big cucumber
Hit you and forget you, you's a one hit wonder
When I work that lumber, big cucumber
Hit you and forget you, you's a one hit wonder
But if you work it good you can leave me your number
Hit the bedroom and make it shake like thunder
That girl ass phat but yours much more plumper
Girl don't waste a minute go on lemme hit it on tha

First night! Watch diz nigga do it every time
First night! Probably get to even let my nigga get a try
First night! Oh come on suck it i know it's your first time
First night! I just hit 'em and forget 'em I ain't lyin!
2x