(feat. Young Dro)

[Speaking:]
Webbie (For sho')
Trill E.N.T young savage
I'm a motherfucking fool
Check me out

[Chorus:]
Nigga my wrist, a fool and my neck, is too
Yeah I know, I know, I know, I know
You got it straight, lil boo
And wit them lips, she get low
Yeah I know, I know, I know, I know

[Verse 1:]
Nigga yous a hoe
Nigga I'm showroom floor, lambo door
24, bad bitch pro
Purple weed, smoke pure white dope, type of nigga u ain't never seen before
She's so G code, deep throat, beast mode
Man a nigga wrist froze & it ain't even much cold
Sittin low, another ticket it'll be all a nigga need
One of dem bitches pull me over and fuck up all a nigga weed
I got all the lil freaks, callin all a nigga thiefs
Tellin lies to em whatever that it takes to get me
I be blockin beating blingin phone ringin off the leash
Kids run and try to see me haters stuntin  tryna be me
I fuck em til they sleepy... I duck em soon I leave em
Don't trust em, I don't need em... I know u see me eatin
I made ya'll belivers, I bet now ya'll believe me
I wear the trill chain round a hoe just to tease her

[Chorus]

[Verse 2:Young Dro]
I'm Nitro, whip full of geico
07 Kawasaki green motorcycle
When I was locked up I was goddamn iso
Fuck you bitch I'm bad like Michael
Slugs knock the meat up out yo ass like lipo
10 grand get a nigga killed with a rifle
My penthouse taller than the goddamn Eiffel
I rap for the money but I'm used to selling white coke
Ralph Lauren, white low strategize typo
Ask Jim Carrey ... I'm a dog like milo
Might go ... overseas wet vet mob
I'm swimming in Aruba with the hammerhead sharks
When I whip out the benz the phantom get parked
Tote brown linen... prolly getting shot
Now you the type a nigga prolly getting
This a ole school boy... 87 sharp (dro)

[Chorus]

[Verse 3:Webbie]
Man I'm so iced out (iced out)...
And running ya mouth about a G will get you so lights out
I fuck ya hoe lights out, all on the floor at the house
But I don't go to the house cause I don't trust her at all
I had to hustle to ball... now I just thug it and ball
And they done went for my chain... and I done went for they brain
Got pistols hotter than pain
My diamonds shine in the paint
Flip-flop change colors like some fools in the game
My hoes can fill up a bus, my niggas pull up in trucks
Man I'm a nation wide artist... you still local as fuck
Do I sound focused or what? man just check out the cuts
I'm feeling go head and retire I just made 21
And the doubters can keep doubting
The pouters can keep pouting
Bad bitches keep shouting
Jail niggas just hold it down
Cause it ain't gone be long
Just keep on being strong
Take a picture of my mothafuckin arms

[Chorus]