[Hook: Timbaland]
When you hit me on my phone betta know what cha want
When you call me, you already know, on the low
Im sayin Hey! I got that(dro). I got that(drank). I got that(hoes)
I got. I gotta pocket fulla stones and im playin the corner
You want it, you already know, you sicko.Im sayin Hey!
About that. Hey! .about that. Hey! .about that. Hey! about. whoo!

[Verse 1: Lil Eazy E]
Lemme tell you bout a nigga named E (named E)
Im hittin corners in compton and movin work gettin profit
They tryna stop it but im so low key (low key)
They say with dollars come power
Im stackin mines by the hour
Man fuck that coward!
Imma, get while the gettin's good
Got boyz in da hood
And bundles of Kush
Muthafucka George Bush!
See he ain't helpin us, the streets they respectin us
Government ain't tryna help, so we just invest in us
Do whatever for a buck, in the hustle I trust
Moved from the back of the bus to a Maybach in a tux
Livin that good life. Still Lovin that hood life
This for my homies who locked down and doin life
They not on the grind for em
We served that time for em
Can't see ya did it for me, so I feel like I owe em
Now Tim Ridin with me, everybody tryna get me
Till the day I die im livin filthy

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Timbaland]
Lemme tell ya bout this nigga named Tim(named Tim)
Im well known in them corners V.A. to California
The game sowed up and you wanna blame him(blame him)
And throw yo side up
Homie nd ill throw minez up
Homie, till I retire
Only GOD knows when(knows when) im Mr. Mo'endz
If you ain't talkin paper I tell ya Go'on then
I gotta team of goons they kidnapping grown men
Duck taping wife and kids, thinkin niggas gone then
An when I ride by, I'mma let 'em slugs fly
Bustin my forty five,say hi to the bad guy
Yea, my swag is stupid, my style is celebrity
So I dont really gotta shoot'cha you already dead to me

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Lil Eazy E]
And I ain't stoppin for nothin, can't get enough of it
This dope game such a rush and a nigga lovin it
Fast money, Fast cars im on some other shit
???
[Hook]