Intro:
Yo I am sick of all this bullshit wit these cops
Right now NR Lil Eazy NR CPT In da building
We gon set dem coppers straight

Chorus:
They look at me and they heinous
They wanna leave a nigga lookin brainless
They grit they teeth in disbelief
When am in da streets feelin dangerous (X2)

[Verse 1: Joel NR Powell]
They look at me and they think am heinous
They wanna put a nigga on da floor left brainless
Police! And they disbelief tah serve and protect
With they constant neglect
And they overall threats
Listen! They hide the knowledge of da law in da books
Cause they think! Most niggas can't read we jus crooks
So! When you get stop don’t say shit
If they ask tah search your car yo they can't do shit
If you not being detained you can drive off and split
Quit! Being ignorant wit facts at hand
Im just tryin tah let you know like Eazy man
Eazy man, these cops too greasy man
As a blackman don’t get caught up in Babylon’s plan
Gotta understand they wanna make sure we fail
No Blackman belongs in da Whiteman’s jail
Streetz!!!!

Chorus:
They look at me and they heinous
They wanna leave a nigga lookin brainless
They grit they teeth in disbelief
When am in da streets feelin dangerous (X2)

[Verse 2: Lil Eazy-E]
Everytime I see em its fuck em
Cause am from da city where we dodge em and duck em
They be watchin me while am watchin dat money
Keep money on ma mind and am heated like its sunny
Only cause da drama in da city is real
And niggas quick tah pull they shit when they feel
Get killed! POW
We got burners like da swat team
Cause ma team will have ya leakin at da cop scene
Got clean scott free wit da burner on me
They wanna question Lil Eazy for a murder homie
And tryin tah have me lock down like an animal
But fuck authority we’ll let da hammer blow ya know
Imma keep it G until ma alibi
But its a change of plans wen dem 40 shellz fly
Real Compton city G shit
Born and raised and you punk cops can't see shit

Chorus:
They look at me and they heinous
They wanna leave a nigga lookin brainless
They grit they teeth in disbelief
When am in da streets feelin dangerous (X2)

[Verse 3: Joel NR Powell]
Imma speak for da niggas on da block
Da onez da ain't wrong da onez dat they stop
Da onez dats in school and da onez wid da Glocks
Cause we da same in da eyez of da fuckin cops
Check it! Back in 03 inside ma mama house
Police drag me out right outta ma mama house
Wit they beams pointed at ma head
One shot from da officer I wud be dead yo
They ya advisory out tah kill
Aiming gunz in ya face bruh against ya will
Thrill! Think am lyin look up on youtube
Try tah take a nigga out so it made da news yeahhhhh!
And you know what it is NR CPT blunt (dose a reality)
Police do y’all jobs and remember know da difference
Streetz!!!!!
NR 4 LIFE,4 Life, 4 Life!!!

Song inspired by chapter 7 of the book
Black Empowerment & Minority Issues “Respecting & understanding the Law”