[Intro]
"The beast lives out of the raging storm in the dead of night
The ravenous, blood-sick creatures searches for it's sacrifice
Through the hideous darkness, it lurches, driven by death itself
Only the satisfaction of slaughter will cause it to return to
The darkness from which it came"

Boogie woogie woogie woogie wu
Boogie woogie woogie woogie wu

[Verse 1: Violent J]
Boys and girls, it's nighty night time
Happy J the Clown has a nursery rhyme
It's about, The Boogie Woogie Man
Keep your light on as long as you can
Cuz when it cuts off, so does your head
Boogie Woogie Woogie waits under your bed
With a shank, splah!, up through the bottom
Little Jimmy Jimmy, uh, got em

"It's the one and only Boogie Man
He creeps, he hides, he sneaks, he slides
If your little feetsies are hanging off the edge of the bed
You're running on stumps motherfucker!!!"

[Verse 2: Violent J]
Well, moonlight fills the room that you sleep in
Things go bump in the night, me creeping
Ouch! Fuck! I stubbed my toe
If you'd just quit leaving your shit all over the fucking floor
Fuck it, you're dead anyway
And I'm gonna leave your head smack dab in the hallway
In the morning, when your daddy walks out
AAAAHHH!!! His foots in your mouth, thanks to the Boogie Man

[Hook]
Boogie woogie woogie woogie wu (here comes the boogie man)
Boogie woogie woogie woogie wu (heha! heha! heha! heha!)
Boogie woogie woogie woogie wu (make way for the boogie man)
Boogie woogie woogie woogie wu (mom! dad! heha! heha!)

[Verse 3: Violent J]
"Does the Boogie Man really exist?"
Well, is your mother a bald-headed freak bitch? (yes)
You fall asleep and you wake up dead
With a broken broom sticking out your forehead
I sing lullabies till you doze off
Tie you down and chew your fuckin toes off
And then spit em out back in your face
(spits) Fuck! Wash your feet bitch!

"The world's famous Boogie Woogie Wu will come to you
Slumber parties, sleepovers, intimate nights
What the occasion for the midnight hour
He will gladly come and fuck that shit up"

[Verse 4: Violent J]
I don't beat woman, fuck that, I'm above it (no no)
But I'll cut her fucking neck and think nothing of it
"You didn't know the Boogie Man was a clown
But when you see the juggla, your holding your jugular"
With a swing, chop, stab, swing, chop
You're holding your neck together, but your nuts drop
And the cops do the best they can
They pull the axe out your face and say
"Was it the Boogie Man?"

[Hook]
Boogie woogie woogie woogie wu (here comes the boogie man)
Boogie woogie woogie woogie wu (heha! heha! heha! heha!)
Boogie woogie woogie woogie wu (make way for the boogie man)
Boogie woogie woogie woogie wu (mom! dad! heha! heha!)

"Please don't let me fall asleep
Cuz the Boogie Man will creep
Through my window in my room
Stab me with a broken broom
Please don't let me fall sleep
Cuz the Boogie Man will creep
Through my window in my room
Stahhh... Boogie Woogie Woogie!"

"It's the incredible, undeadable Boogie Man
Go ahead, pull the covers over your head
Hide under them, he don't give a fuck
It'll just make it that much more easier
For him to suffocate your face!"

[Verse 5: Violent J]
There's three ways to stop me from doing what I do
What? You think imma tell you?
"Mom, can you leave the door open a bit?"
Thanks, an easy way in, you fucking idiot
Now I stretch your neck out and play in like a banjo
Boomchicka boomchicka like that shit, yo?
Then I stretch it out more and fling your head through the wall
It's the Boogie Man y'all

[Hook]
Boogie woogie woogie woogie wu (here comes the boogie man)
Boogie woogie woogie woogie wu (heha! heha! heha! heha!)
Boogie woogie woogie woogie wu (make way for the boogie man)
Boogie woogie woogie woogie wu (mom! dad! heha! heha!)