[INTRO]
They got Uzis, they got shotguns, they got explosives
They got access to any kind of weapon they want within 24 hours
We got over 50,000 gangbangers out there
Violent J serving ghetto hard street shit

[VERSE 1: VIOLENT J]
Violent J serving ghetto hard street shit
You know it's potent when the funky-ass beat hits
Rolling the dice and we's hitting point
("ICP!") out of Southwest Detroit
Running with a gang of 20 street hoods
Hookers on my back cause I'm selling them cheap goods
Floating through the motherfucking alleyway
They can't catch Violent-Crazy-Ass-Psychopath J
But I guess I wasn't so crazy this time
Now I'm chilling in the back of Car 49
You ask why I'm gripping that metal
They put a man on the moon, but can't do shit for the ghetto
I look at all that and it makes me sick
I wanna grab them motherfuckers, make them swallow a brick
So I grab anybody I can find
Beat a fiend in the head with a goddamn stop sign
Flex one of us and I'm a find you
Bullet rips through your chest and hits some bitch behind you
Killed two birds with one stone
You're laying in the street with a bullet in your dome
And to them hillbillies listening down South
Talk shit about the city, with my nuts in your wife's mouth
And keep stringing on your banjo
Cause we don't like that shit where I come from, bro
Now the ICP stands alone
In the Southwest Ghetto Zone

[HOOK #1]
Southwest Detroit, is the demented one's home
[DIALOGUE OVER HOOK]
"Ah, for Christ's sake!"
"Ah, you don't talk about that garbage out here."
"That's for the hell-hole where you come from."
"This is the good part of town."
"We let you deal with that type of bullshit."
"Your problems don't concern us."
"Go home now, well go on!"
[HOOK #1]
Southwest Detroit, is the demented one's home
The cops just don't know what to do (x4)

[VERSE 2: VIOLENT J]
Jumpsteady, Rude Boy, and the BSR
They got my back, O.G., you won't make it far
I got my nine in my gut and it's starting to hurt
Where can you keep a gat wearing Skidz and a t-shirt?
Now I'm roaming like a true ghetto thug
Fiends on the sack cause I'm booming that crack
"I know you heard aloud what J said"
When I told you that I sold to your bitch, that basehead
No, you can't argue with the truth
If I hit you in your mouth, you're gonna spit out a tooth
And I laugh at a motherfucking cop
Sitting with his fat ass in a donut shop
At the party when the ICP shows their face
Billy clubs and handcuffs all over the place
"We're here to protect and protect we do"
Then I ask who the fuck protects us from you
Cops always beating on someone
Shot a mute in the back, he told him not to run
And the motherfucking Black Panthers know it
That's why some cops now that are catching a bullet
I'm running, I'm running, we'll end the chase
When Jumpsteady puts his gauge in your motherfucking face
Mind your own
In the Southwest Ghetto Zone

[INTERLUDE: 2 DOPE]
"Hey yo, G!"
"Man who the fuck you think you are, man?"
"You know who you're fucking with?"
"The I-C motherfucking P, G!"
"So if I was you I'd step the fuck off before you get shot, boy!"
"Keep running your lips, see what happens motherfuckers!"
"Yeah, G! See what I'm saying?"
"Now what's up with that shit?"

[HOOK #2]
Come to Del Ray, a driveby ain't shit
The cops just don't know what to do (x4)

[DIALOGUE SAMPLES]
"These are my homeboys, vato."
"See, our homies here is all we have, man."
"I love them."
"They love me back, man."
"We barrio."

[VERSE 3: VIOLENT J]
So I guess I'm a bad guy
Cause I cuss a lot, I say "fuck" a lot
And I rap to tell you how I'm feeling
When I'm in the old spot, sit up and we wheeling
Through Delray, call it Hellray
It's where the ICP stay
("Yo J!")
And the forces that always talk shit get beat
And if I'm outnumbered I gots a gauge in the backseat
Cause when I'm feeling like a mack dad
In the trunk of my ride I got weapons that I never had
A thousand motherfuckers in the back make the car sag
Ronny's fat ass makes the whole damn muffler drag
Rapping to a sack chasing hottie
I told the bitch I ain't never even seen a Maserati
Ever sell out to a freak
("Fuck no!")
That why I'll tell you that I love to box with a ho
When the check comes I ignore it
And the bitch is gonna ask me to fucking pay for it
I gave the ho an empty 12-pack
Take your ass to the store and bring some Faygo back
That's all I'll pay for bitch, now get the fuck on ho
Stick around I got something you can suck on ho
Violent J won't be ganked
By no nappy headed, barefooted, crackheaded sewer skank
You gotta handle your own
In the Southwest Ghetto Zone

[HOOK #3: VARIOUS SAMPLES]

[OUTRO: VIOLENT J]
And to all the sets running in Southwest Detroit
Good luck and stay strong
Latin Counts
Young Guns
CFP
X-men
To the Cobras
And DT
ICP

[DIALOGUE SAMPLES]