[Verse 1: Violent J]
Ticket, please? Thanks, walk through the doors
Into the Halls of Illusions, visit yours
And see what could've and should've and woulda been real
But you had to fuck up the whole deal!
Let's take a walk down the hallway
It's a long way, it takes all day!
And when we get to the end, you'll find a chair
With straps and chains, we slap you in there
Lock you down tight, so ya can't move a thread
And pull your eyelids up over your head
Cause you're about to witness an illusionary dream
It's just too bad, it ain't worth seeing!

[Shaggy 2 Dope:]
You walk in and see two kids on the floor
They're playin Nintendo and he's got the high score
And sittin behind them, chillin in the chair
Is ya wife, when ya look, oh you ain't there!
It's some other man and they're hand-to-hand
How she looks so happy, ya don't understand
See this is an Illusion, it never came true...
All because of you!

[Violent J:]
Back to reality and what you're about
Your wife can't smile cause you knocked her teeth out
And she can't see straight from gettin hit
Cause you're a fat fuckin drunk piece of shit!
But it's all good here, come have a beer
I'll break the top off it and shove it in ya ear
And ya death comes wicked, painful, and slow
At the hands of Milenko!

[Hook:]
[Violent J, Shaggy 2 Dope:]
Great Milenko, wave your wand!
(Don't look now, your life is gone!)
This is all because of you!
(What you got yourself into!)
(2x)

[Verse 2: Violent J]
Look who's next, it's Mr. Clark
The dirty old man from the trailer park
You got your ticket? Thanks, take ya coat off!
And later on, why not? I'll rip ya throat off!
Let's take a walk down the hallway
It's a long way, it takes all day!
And when ya get to the end, you'll find a chair
You see all the blood? Yeah, your boy was just here!
We get all different kinda people comin through
Richies, chickens, and bitches just like you
In the halls, everybody gets a turn
To sit and witness your illusion before ya burn

[Shaggy 2 Dope]
What do we have here? Oh yeah, no way
It looks like your kids and they okay
Your daughter's chillin up at college, top grade
And your son's a fuckin doctor, phat paid
They got families, and kids, and it's all good
They even coach Little League in their neighborhood
Is this true, have ya really seen the Holy Ghost?
Nah, bitch not even close!

[Violent J]
Back to reality, your son's on crack
And your daughter's got nut stains on her back
And they both fuckin smell like shit
And live in the gutter, and sell crack to each other!
When they were kids you'd beat 'em and leave 'em home
And even whip 'em with the chord on the telephone
And that reminds me man, ey you got a call...
"Watch your step to hell, it's a long fall!"

[Hook:]
[Violent J, Shaggy 2 Dope:]
Great Milenko, wave your wand!
(Don't look now, your life is gone!)
This is all because of you!
(What you got yourself into!)
(2x)

[Verse 3: Violent J]
Ahh, it's time to pack up and move to the next town
But we forgot Mr. Bigot, okay dig it
We can't show ya an illusion cause we're all packed
But we'll still cut your neck out, how's that?

[Hook:]
[Violent J, Shaggy 2 Dope:]
Great Milenko, wave your wand!
(Don't look now, your life is gone!)
This is all because of you!
(What you got yourself into!)
(4x)