[Intro: Jumpsteady]
Every halloween he emerges
To reek havoc upon the streets of Detroit
Nobody knows what he looks like
Some believes he wears a paper bag on his head
Some believe it's a pumpkin mask
The one thing that they know for sure
Is the blood on his knife is real
He is... Halloween Head

[Verse 1: Violent J]
I wait in my cellar as the months pass slowly
So many days and weeks, holy-moly
Sometimes I hear children playing outdoors
Sunlight creeps through the cracky boards

[Verse 2: Shaggy 2 Dope]
I just wait as the such time thinks perfectly
In a moments it follow up to October thirtally
And then I free the flee of three manic
Into the landscapes, spreadin' my wings and make the land shake

[Verse 3: Violent J]
Jump into the black sky and explode
Rain bloody acid, brand new above the all
My body landed, west 35K east
Halloween had a certified beast

[Verse 4: Shaggy 2 Dope]
Had nothing to our neighbourhood, houses on the [?]
Jump into a swimmingpool to turn the water black
And the move on along, and he treat or tricks
A Halloween Head beat you with a sheet full of bricks

[Hook]
He's crazed death, black as night
He comes around when the shit ain't right
Halloween Head x4
Halloween, ahahahahaha!
As red as blood, a ghostly white
He ate the kids and he know he bites
Halloween Head x4
Halloween, ahahahahaha!

[Verse 5: Shaggy 2 Dope]
Stop the car! Tokio drift kid
Snatch him up and beat his head off, full gifted
Fuel the car across the finish line first
The kid came in much later, hearse

[Verse 6: Violent J]
I've stomped on the street, ninjas pooped their pants
The poop advenced when they scoop a glance
A Halloween Head gritty, I ain't nothin' pretty
Beat me a pumpkin shitty, haha

[Verse 7: Shaggy 2 Dope]
I snatch innocent bitches, and then I shake em
And shake em, until they stop moving, I break em
Fuck em, I choke em, I splat them on the wall, splatter!
Bitches don't matter to a Halloween Head

[Verse 8: Violent J]
I buried ten men up to their chin
And kick every last one of they face in
Cause it's fun, it's free, it's halloween mean
And I'm a halloween crack fiend

[Hook]
He's crazed death, black as night
He comes around when the shit ain't right
Halloween Head x4
Halloween, ahahahahaha!
As red as blood, a ghostly white
He ate the kids and he know he bites
Halloween Head x4
Halloween, ahahahahaha!

[Verse 9: Violent J]
I'm taller than his face on
Better beat on the titty you hoes
Run out of your clothes, kick your dicks in
And serve another fix in
Cut and scratch you hicks, murder mixin'

[Verse 10: Shaggy 2 Dope]
I impale heads on the sticks, stop starin'
Quick to burn if he forget to turn
I'm on time, brush with line and rat cheese
Please, praise me to my knees and every year it's

[Verse 11: Violent J]
Boom motherfucker! Come halloween night
Beat you till the cops come (pop! pop!) pop some
And next stop em dead in their tracks
Call the ambulance, with the dead we dance

[Verse 12: Shaggy 2 Dope]
There's a witch on a broom with a full moon behind her
Look into the sky, a quick reminder
To wake the dead, let your wings spread
I fall out and fly behind the mighty halloween head

[Hook]
He's crazed death, black as night
He comes around when the shit ain't right
Halloween Head x4
Halloween, ahahahahaha!
As red as blood, a ghostly white
He ate the kids and he know he bites
Halloween Head x4
Halloween, ahahahahaha!

[Outro: Jumpsteady]
If you're out trick or treatin'  this halloween
Don't stay out too late and whatever you do
Don't ask the men with a paperbag on his head for candy
Stay away from everybody wearin' a pumpkin mask
As a matter of fact, stay from anybody who in any way
Resembles the halloween head, by the way
The legend is not just in Detroit
Some believe there's a Halloween Head in every city
Who thinks the goblins and ghouls who haunt the streets
On halloween, give him a license to terrorize and kill
Stay away as far away as you can from Halloween Head