[2 Dope and Violent J:]
Violent J, Violent J, is that you?
(I'm on the microphone, so what you wanna do?)
Violent J, Violent J, is that you?
(A wicked, wicked clown, just for you)

[Violent J:]
I drink Faygo, it's only a buck ten
I'ma pour it on your tits when we fuckin
Cuz I'm wit dat kinky shit, ho
I can see ya butt naked in your window
Shimmy up the house, I dash
Knock and I press my nuts on the glass
Lemme in ho, don't ya know
I'm Violent J of the ICP (yo)
I got me a check let's cash it
So I can spend it with the hoes on Gratiot
Ha, but don't get all geeked slut
Cuz I'ma buy you some Lava, better wash your butt
"Uh, what's this clown shit all about?"
A knife to your neck and your throat's hangin out
Ha, with a Do-Mi-Re
Now it's about time I say...

[2 Dope and Kid Rock:]
Kid Rock, Kid Rock, is that you?
(Yeah, let me tell ya what I wanna do)
Kid Rock, Kid Rock, is that you?
(Yodel-ay, Yodel-ay, Yodel-ay-ee-hooo)

[Violent J:]
Frontin and frontin, everybody's frontin (yeah)
Violent Violent J is gonna tell ya sum'n
If ya know a bitch who got grits
Kid Rock, Kid Rock will probly eat that shit!

[Kid Rock:]
Boo hoo muthafucka, what ya cryin' for?
I'm that nigga that your bitch would die for
The whore showed up at my front door
So I fucked her in her ass then I threw her out the back door
The bitch thought it was a cake drive
She said, "Drive me to the city," so I dropped her off at Lakeside
"Aren't you drivin me home?" "Well, I meant ta'
But plans have changed now get your ass on the SEMTA, ho!
This ain't no taxi
I be mackin hoes, they don't mack me!

[Kid Rock:]
Never slackin, hoes I be mackin
(Yeah, Kid Rock, Kid Rock)
Never slackin, hoes I be mackin

[Violent J:]
Violent J servin ghetto hard street shit
The funk, the funk from the old days
Violent J servin ghetto hard street shit
The funk from the old days

[Violent J:]
Well I'm up for the shot in a minute
Show me a valley, I might yodel in it
Like somebody else I know
I've been to Mount Clemens, I've been to Romeomeomeo
Wicked clowns gonna flow for ya some
3 for the treble, 8 for the drum
5 for the homies that I run with
Bitch, call your mutta cuz you're done with
Toe, tip toe, I snuck in your house
And fell asleep butt naked on the front couch
So excuse me Pops, I'm nappin
So could ya shut the fuck up with that yappin?!
And your wife's all worked up for nuttin
She act like she ain't never seen a wang or sum'n
Cuz it really don't matta
I'ma show my nuts to an innocent bystander
Every fuckin day
Cuz it's about time I say...

[2 Dope and Kid Rock:]
Kid Rock, Kid Rock, is that you?
(Yeah, let me tell ya what I wanna do)
Kid Rock, Kid Rock, is that you?
(I just said it was, muthafucka!)

[Kid Rock:]
Skinny dippin in the pool, you know I drown hoes
Fuck 'em doggy style and play that ass like a bongo
*Bongo sounds*
Ha, hit it, hit, hit hit it
Hittin home runs and I never whiff
Ho, smoke my dick like it's a big spliff
This ain't a blooper and I'm no joker
But I can shoot a nut 50 foot like a Super Soaker
But yo I'm not gonna pull it out for a cheap joke
Instead I'll play John Holmes in a sequel to Deep Throat
Taste the nut in your mouth just to school ya
But ho, don't let the smooth taste fool ya (4x)