You know whut would be the shit?
If we had our own island. Man
Let's trip in the sun (repeat)

(Verse 1: Violent J)
I got my toes in the sand, watchin hoes play volleyball
It's summer time, and I'm feeling jolly ya'll
Food on the fire, boats in the water and takin time off from my serial slaughteren
Here for the weekend, me and these friends, sunny sunshine, and blue skies never end
There's a mermaid wavin' me to come in, underwater on my balls she's hummin
Smokin on a phat one, we come to have fun, I got my dick in your hotdog bun
Pouring out shots for everybody that's sippin, let's get loose now, skinny dippin
Don't hate me cause the speedo I'm wearin, got your girlfriend stairin
We out here, sky's so clear, ice cold beer, suntan, topless, BITCH, come over here

Hook:
On Juggalo island, We can be one. Let our nuts hang by the water. On Juggalo island, we can have fun. We can let go, by the water

(Verse 2: Shaggy 2 Dope)
Bang! Pow! Boom!, sunny like high noon, met some lettes, and they all comin over soon
Have aluha, I'm getting blew out, come over here if you ever get threw out
We gotta place for ya, never will ignore ya, gotta hot plate and a drink we gunna pour ya
Corpse on tha grill, plays on the one, two, and around here the dead have fun too
Stiffs in the water, float and we see you, doing flips in the air on a sea-do
No cops, unless they pourin out shots, unless ur helping us smoke these crops
Surfin on the big one, havin big fun, fuckin with a big fat one under the sun
Lettin them hang, doing our thang, listen to them up and down the beach everybody sing

Hook:
On Juggalo island, We can be one. Let our nuts hang by the water. On Juggalo island, we can have fun. We can let go, by the water

(Verse 3: Violent J)
And when the sun goes down, we up all night, dance of the dead, boogywoogy in the moon light
Fuck the rules, right? the dead do bite, listen to the quiji board, we can only do right
Can't do wrong, fatty in a blue thong, everybody can't be together with you gone
Come get with this, wicked ridiculous, This world is ours everybit of this

(Shaggy 2 Dope)
Get you a burger with cheese, enjoy the breeze, I'm choppin coconuts outta palm trees
And we all in, a free ballin, see me shore side, surfin on a dolphine
Grass skirt, dead hola girls, hatchets, and whutever your fishing hook catches
We don't leave without you, so lets hang, Boom Pow Bang, lets do the damn thang

Hook
On Juggalo island, We can be one. Let our nuts hang by the water. On Juggalo island, we can have fun. We can let go, by the water

Let's trip in the sun (repeat)
On Juggalo island, We can be one. Let our nuts hang by the water. On Juggalo island, we can have fun. We can let go, by the water