My Funhouse
[Jumpsteady]
We found his car abandoned in front of a strange looking house on Detroit's
Southwest side, miss
Oh! I told him never to go there..
Hey Bugsy! Come over here for a minute, yep!
She's pretty hysterical right now
Well have you tried fondling her breasts?
Well no, no i haven't..
Um give it a try
There, there Miss, does this make you feel any better?
Y-Yes it does..
Well, ok

[Violent J]
Rich boy's in trouble
Car broke down on a drive through the ghetto
All the weird people, you gotta get the fuck out
Need to use the phone? Step into my funhouse
Hey yo, Dope, looks like we got another
He'd like to go for a ride on the neck cutter
Straight to the cart for the death spectacular
Just ignore the dead body sittin next to ya
Get ready for the carnival thrills
Should of kept your little faggot ass in the hills
Boom! through the door into the room, you gotta check it out
It's where we cut your fingers off and stick em in your mouth
That should show you that you greedy little rich fuck
If you're bucking with the juggla you're a dead duck
Eight fingers in your mouth and two sticking out your nose
Further down the hall, the room with jokero's
That's where you get beat by seventeen wicked clowns
For the seventeen dead bodies never found
And they jump on your back until your ribs crack
Toss you in the cart and push you down the deadly track
Spinning and twisting, rolling and bumping
The dead fuck next to ya is trying to tell ya something
Listen close, you can barely make it out
"Bitch, you ain't shit in Violent J's Funhouse!"

"Help me, I'm trapped in here. Somebody let me out
Oh my god!!! Aaaaaaahhhhhh!!!!!!"

"Come here, rich boy
My head is spinning 360 degrees
Richie richie richie
Come here"

"Bitch, fuck you, yeah, know what I'm saying
Wicked clowns running the funhouse
Ain't no way to get out so just chill & get your neck cut like a man!"

[Violent J]
Pick a card, any card, any motherfucking card...
(A joker's card!)
Sorry, bitch (aw!), the luck of the draw
Violent J's gonna have to ice your jaw
Smack, bang, snip, boom
(Send that motherfucker off to the next room)
Crash through the doors on the windy spinny trail
Through the loop-de-loop and into a big nail
Straight through his left eye and out the back of his head (ah!)
(Is he dead?)
No, cause you get to go to the next phase
It's the room of giggles because of your ways
You like to sit and laugh at people when they suffer
Well, now you sit and watch me laugh when I stick your mother
It's the Funhouse, bitch, everything's funny
You act like whipping on your ass ain't funny
And the ride of your life only gets faster
(Off to the R-r-r-ringmaster)
I take my Bobo gun and blow your fuckin mouth in
Eh, yo, the next room, it's called the chicken pen
And it's a little tribute to the bigots of the south
We take a dead chicken shove it in your mouth
And we stuff it down your throat with a pitchfork
Cuz you're a bigot, that's what you get for it
Now I take your sorry ass and I throw you out
Cuz I don't need your dead body stinkin up my funhouse
Funhouse, stinkin up my funhaugh!

Yeah! Rich ass, bitch ass, snitch ass ho!
You get your motherfucking neck chopped in Violent J's Funhouse
So don't fuck with the wicked clowns you punk ass bitch!