[Verse 1: Otis]
Set your phone on silent girl, when you with that prick
Say goodnight to him quiet girl, and then call me bitch
I'll be waitin', Starin' at the naked pics that you sent me
She undercover with me, on the phone breathing heavy
Steady beggin' for attention on that late night conversation
Now she comin' to my crib, its cause she can't handle the waitin'
Out in the rain in a skirt, cold shakin'
In the mornin' she'll be makin' me Bacon
I'm In that pussy no vacancy, can't you see
She let me bang all night, everything's alright, and my wang's all tight and snug then a ladybug
And then she picked me up for another fuck
But then she disappeared with that other fuck
But as soon as fucker goes to sleep I'm back in that pussy deep
And all it took was #$%&* another hit on the night line

[Hook: Otis]
Hit me up and I will dick you down
Call Me on the night line
And if its searching hit #

[Verse 2: Bonez Dubb]
Whoa! Oh! No! Hit me up on the night line
I wanna let you know my name is Bonez
And I would love to bring you home and get alone time
Send me a message when it's technically the morning
To let me know you're in the good to get the bonin'
Oh whoa! Oh no!
But night over life, and she be loving it, I'm scrubbing it
I'm not the type to go out in public with a dumb chick
It's that time of night, I told her to come over right
And she become my daylight
Hit me up tomorrow type, cover the lights, not open during the day
But when it's on, I be gettin' blown up all night long
But it be all love
Bring some blunts with ya and maybe your girlfriend too
Cause the night line has conference calling too
Beating it up I thought you knew bitch. Whoa! Oh no!

[Hook]

Ring, Ring, Ring, Ring
Wake the FUCK UP BITCH!
Wake up, Wake up, Wake up
Let's get up, Lets get up

[Verse 3: Violent J]
Bitch you always playin', you know you got a husband
Three thirty in the AM , my telephone is buzzin'
You told him miss your cousin, knowing that I wasn't
You my number nine ho, I kicks it with a dozen (Woo Hoo)
Bitch you talking to the Duke get you wet and hot soon
You know the scoop I'm sick puke fuck you til' your booty poop
I'm not the cutest ninja rappin but that pussy I'm attackin'
On my cucumber you snackin', fuck so hard the ceiling crackin'
Call me or I'm calling you I want my penis all in you
You in love I'm fallin' too, but not with you though boo hoo!
Its too big that it fits, I'm calling for them benefits
He's asleep, get his whip and see how freaked your neden gets

[Hook]