[Verse 1:]
Showed up at your high school prom
With a axe in my mo' fuckin' palm
And I jumped out the first date, swingin'
Necks and backs went flingin', and a toe
I went psychopathic, choppin' throats with a hatchet
'Cause they tryna get me
So I took a head with me
Ran down the hall butt naked
If you gotta life, I'ma take it
Hah, 'cause I got it goin' on, and I broke to the female John! (Scream)
Motherfuckers think I'm sick, you ever seen a bitch take a shit?
Fuck that!
Let her dookie ass be, 'cause females shittin' is news to me
Climbed down the fire escape
How many lives can one motherfucker take?
One life, two life, three life, four, throw me a MAC-10
I'm bound to take more. Fifty lives, comin' on eighty
Fuck this, I'm finna whoop this lady!
Tied the bitch up to a light post, slap her in the face 'cause I'm psycho
Beat her down, and beat her up. (Whup, whup, whup, whup)
Fuckin' slut!
Some bitches make me wonder, kicked her gut and left my number
Call me, fuckin' nympho, then I threw her through a window. (CRASH)
Broke and I climbed up a tree, guy
Came back down, I don't know why
Straight up insanity
Damn, if it ain't a family
Hope they come home soon
Hah, 'cause I'm waitin' in the bedroom

[Interlude Skit #1:]
(Unlocks door) Sparky?
We're home Sparky! (Whistling)
Watch your foot, honey. (Knocking)
Honey, where's Sparky? (Whistling)
Mom, dad, Lisa's in the bathroom, and I've gotta go really bad!
Don't worry little Joey, I'll get the bitch out! (Screaming)
Mom, dad!
(Chopping sounds)
Like it? Have another!

[Verse 2:]
Diced up all cinco, then I threw 'em in the Pinto
Now I'm on Verner, bumpin' the funk, with five dead bodies in the trunk!
And I'm doin' about 90, 'til the blue and red's behind me. (Sirens)
You can pull me over, Jack!
Just don't look in the back

[Interlude Skit #2:]
Hey what's your fuckin' hurry son?
Just don't look in the trunk
We got a wild one here, he's naked
Just don't look in the trunk
He's got blood on his hands and face
Just don't look in the trunk
(Be advised, the car's registered to a Wilson family)
Just don't look in the trunk
Oh, the trunk you say, huh?
Oh okay, what do you say we just have a look-see here
OH SHIT! DON'T LET HIM GET AWAY!!

[Verse 3:]
I'm gone, and I ditched the ride, and left the dead Wilsons inside
Jettin' and I'm hoppin' fences, finna do like my man in Killeen, Texas
'Cause I'm psycholystic, you look once and you missed it
Look twice and it caught your eye:
Me beatin' the shit outta some guy, with a bag of bricks
Impressin' them dirty ass sewer chicks
A klepto you can't trust shoulda known when I jacked a bus, fourteen passengers ridin' it, one naked psycho drivin' it
And we goin', grippin, and there'll be no slippin'
'Cause I'm thinkin' the worst, shit like women and children die first
Make you shiver, when I drove that bitch in the river
Everybody dies, only me survives
Innocent folks, is what I want, so I'm headed for the restaurant

[Interlude Skit #3:]
(*Singing* Burritos por favor...)
Ohh, shit, Padro, I'm fuckin' full man
Fuckin' burritos, man
That burrito fucked me up, man. (Screaming)
Ah, shit! Duck, man, fuck!
C'mon motherfuckers!!!! (Screaming)

[Verse 4:]
It's always gotta be a hero
But I can't be stopped with silver bullets, or a wooden stake
It's your life I quickly take
Don't talk shit, I take 'em
Take your life, take your life
Coppers in choppers pursue, the boys in blue, the whole crew
Do what they never think, so I'm headed for the 18th precinct
'Cause when then finally call it quits, I'll be there to cut their necks
And that's what I did, I hate a fuckin' pig!
I'll get a job at the Doughnut Shop
Just to poison a cop
Hah!
Klepto-pathic and I'll fuck you up in a strait jacket
'Cause they finally got me, broke my legs and shot me
But I'm still laughin', 'cause of what happened...
On the night of the axe

[Outro:]
On the night of the axe
'Cause of what happened, on the night of the axe
On the night of the axe
What happened, what happened, just psycho, on the night of the axe
Just psycho, just psycho
Just psycho, on the night of the axe. (Clunk) (Screaming)

[Outro Skit:]
The ghettos of the mad town are breading grounds for the criminal minded
As for years they killed one another off, and America has enjoyed its creation. And now those ghetto minded criminals have caused variety into your neighborhood, and will soon give you a taste of the hell that they have lived for so long
Some parents, will stand up for their son and get shot, deal with your own creation