"What the hell's a ninja?
(ninja's posess a superior skills of ninjitsu, mu'afucka')
Ninja's are a branch of the Japanese samurai, a very old organization
Its origins are hundreds of years old, much of its history is being lost
Not many ninja's exist today, yet they all have indomitable fighting skills
As a part of ninjitsu
(ninja's of the indomitable fighting skills, of a ninja, a ninjer, a
Mutha'fuckin' ninja)
No matter what weapons you use, a "ninjer" will never die!"

Damn I wish I could be a Shogun Samurai
So I could swing a sword and make necks fly
I'd go to school and ninja-crawl through the halls
N' then I'd jump out n' stab bitches in the balls
Cuz I remember these kids from the playground
Everybody'd hang around, we were all down
But then we grew up, n' everybody turned away
N' now they dissin' me, yellin', "fuck Nerdy-J"
I sit n' think at how it changed as I got olda'
As I think I draw a ninja on my folda', Ugh
What I would do if I only had a ninja sword
You'd see blood start flingin' on tha chalkboard
I'd tell the whole class, "nobody move or jiggle
First one that do I'll make yer fuckin' neck wiggle."
Everyone wold start jockin', the news would take my picture'
DAMN I wish I could be a ninja

(chorus)
Damn I wish I could be a ninja, ninja(X3)
Damn It'd feel good to see people up on it'(allX2)

After I was done killin' all the yuppie fucks
All the poor kids would come n' swing from my nuts
And I would walk home feelin' like a Samurai
I'd walk in the house, and see my momma cry
I's ask why, she'd point to my drunk pops
He tried ta hit her again, but that shit STOPS
I kick him in his throat, you hear his neck break
I throw a roundhouse and knock his beard off his face
I tell him, "Dad, now look at all your broken glass
Why don't cha pick it all-up n' stick it in your ass."
I watch him do it, "Now hurry up ya take forever."
When he was done I'd squeeze his butt-cheeks together'
"Now get the FUCK out my house, never come back!"
I throw a Chinese star, stick him in his ass-crack (Ahhhh)
I turn to my mudda, "I'm sorry that he hit'cha!"
DAMN I wish I could be a ninja

(repeat chorus)

If I could be a ninja, my daddy'd be dead, but
I still gotta go to work, n' pay the rent
I flip french fries for $2.25
Mr. Donny works here he's fuckin' 45
But he'd think he "da' shit" cuz he's da' boss
I guess he don't know that his life is a loss
I walk in....about 5 minutes late...
Cuz I was tryin' ta clean the blood off my ninja blade
So, Mr. Donny wanna try n' get up in my face
Screamin' at me, sweatin' over this place
Mad, cuz I'm late, he's no betta' than me
Just another bitch workin' for next to free
I thought about taking my Ninja steel
And cuttin' up his body, and fry him on the grill
But he's too fuckin' wack, and I could kill this bitch
And I don't even need to be a ninja

(repeat chorusX7)

Yeah, Yeah I'm a ninja, Yeah
FUCK that, I'm a Wicked Clown BITCH, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha