[Intro]
What would you like to do if money were no object? If you would say that getting money is the most important, you will spend your life doing things you don't like doing in order to go on living. That is to go on doing things you don't like doing. Which is stupid. Better to have a short life that is full is what you like doing than a long life spent in a miserable way

[Hook x2: Dark Lotus]
What if life costs money to live for
Health, life, and money - the price of life

[Verse 1: Monoxide]
Who I gotta pay cause I want my money back
My life was in the perfect glass, psycho maniac
I was having dinner he was swinging with an axe
He was just a sinner, I was dead on contact
Tally it up, I'm bout to expand on lifespan
When you off if the end quick, that's some fuckin' bullshit
What about revenge, can I pay for that?
Is there a way to come back and eliminate em like that?

[Verse 2: Violent J]
How much loot is your single life worth?
What is the price tag to live on Earth?
What would you pay to live another day?
That's just the way some would say
Can you afford to have a child?
You're playing with your life when you're spending wild
Would you pay top dollar to live another year
Or leave it all behind for the folks you care for?

[Hook x2]

[Verse 3: Blaze Ya Dead Homie]
Seconds cost a dollar, minutes are forty five
Hours in the hundreds, going broke to survive
Struggle in this life, death is a release
From the price that you pay just to live it in peace
Free of disease, no worries of inflation
You got life right by the nuts, it's for the taking
Just a simple pain and it's over, no playing
Time is up, you're dead where you're staying, no delaying

[Verse 4: Jamie Madrox]
If I only had a dollar, only one to spend
Would I keep it for myself or would I split it with my friends
If I had a hundred dollars, then would I be rich?
Probably spend it on my bar, tailing just another bitch
If I had a million dollars would I still act the same?
Would it really buy me happiness and take it all away?
If life costs money then I'mma never retire
Cause I plan on living forever like a vampire

[Hook x2]

[Verse 5: Shaggy 2 Dope]
How bout the breath, is that the cost?
Do I get back money for the time I lost?
Do I get a discount for when I'm sick?
Does it cost any less if my life ain't shit?
When you see a motherfucker that's old and heathly
You know that fool was living golden weathly
If I'm in a coma can I get a refund?
No, still I get hold and shunned

[Hook x2]