Well, I've been to the state house and it sucked
Payed my dues but I'm still a street hoodlum
Dropped out of school cuz I couldn't find my locker
Stubbles on my chin, I got hair like Chewbacca
Might see me sleeping on the street
Don't look for a job cuz there's no jobs looking for me
Then it all went to my head
Next day, forty-nine motherfuckers dead
Tell the pigs I did it
Pull your spine out your back
And beat you in the head with it
And keep your bitch in place
Or I'm a send her ass home with a foot print on her face
Uh, I'm hating sluts
Shoot them in the face, step back and itch my nuts
'Less I'm in the sack
Cuz I fuck so hard it'll break they back
All the pressure's packed into one nut
I was waiting on a bus and my head blew up
And the sight'll make ya sick
Violent J, motherfucker! psychopathic

Psychopathic

Thought you knew bitch
The ICP is made up of psychotic
Demented psycho-kleptic motherfuckers
And we might put a hook on your ?
Like it ain't nobody's business

So I'm standing by the train tracks
Then you see me running but naked with a battle axe
I'm swinging and slicing and chopping and cutting and..
Aah, until I'm nuttin'
Seems like I always get beat down
Like the hawk turned to the wicked clown
Tail turned out to the ghetto cuz
"Southwest Detroit is the demented one's home"
So you might see me at a festival
Cussin', rude, and scratching my testicles
With a cold two-liter in hand
Rapping to the bitch at the french fry stand
Take it to the Patton Park
Then I'll make a sexist remark
Cuz they're all eventually bitching
So if we ain't fucking take your ass to the kitchen
Police don't like me it's obvious
Just don't look in the trunk
Or the sight'll make you sick
Violent J, motherfucker, psychopathic

(theme from "Halloween")
"Hey man why don't you slide some of that Faygo over here
Come on man, you farted didn't you? I should sock your ass man, you farted!
Chill, chill, it's a cop..
What man?
What?! Your license and registration that's what you little fuck face
Hey, hey yo man, fuck you, you fat jelly-filled motherfucker!
Get out of the car, get the fuck outta the car!
*gunshots*
Bitch, come on man, fuck you, fuck you man!"

Yeah, I've always been a psycho
Psycho-psycho-sick-psycho-sick-psycho-psycho
I'll throw rocks at stray dogs
Build crackhouses out of Lincoln logs
I cut class, said I was a faker
You was in school, I was home watching Green Acres
Now I'm all up in your face
You can barely hear the rap with all that bass
I'm running with a southwest street gang
And I never let my southwest meat hang
Cuz you know what ICP's all about
Take a brick out the street
And bust you in the mouth
Find the girl's daddy's rich
And his sweet little angel's my sewer freak bitch
But I throw the turkey after the stuffing
Like Billy Bill say, "a bitch ain't nothing"
Grab her by the arm and break it
Grab her by the life and take it
And, ya know, the sight'll make ya sick
Violent J, motherfucker, psychopathic

Psychopathic