[Verse 1]
Six full cans of gas in the back of my truck
Smellin' like fumes as I circle the block
I'm gonna burn this bitch up, burn this bitch up
Fire starts small but it quickly gets up
I built me a gas-gun and sprayed the basement
And stand with the crowd to watch with amazement
Tennants coming home wonderin' where their place went
Anything flamable burned to the pavement
I start fires in appartments, buildings and houses
Gasoline douses, fire arouses
I'm a pyromaniac chemical brainiac
Morph any structure into charcoal black
I'll burn this place down
Charred bodies found face down
I love the sirens, a mental case clown
I smoke blunts in a gasoline bathtub
Burn a skyscrapper, into a stub

[Hook]
I'll burn this whole shit down!
All of it! (hot, hot, hot)
I'll burn this whole shit down!
All of it! (burn, burn burn)
I'll burn this whole shit down!
All of it! (hot, hot, hot)
I'll burn this whole shit down!
All of it! (burn, burn burn)

[Verse 2]
I start forest fires, burn telephone poles
Ignite the wires, til something explodes
It's the heat, I love it as the flames burn brighter
I burnt my own lips off, with a lighter
And fuckin half my fingers, the smoke: it lingers
Down-town nightclubs and bars are ringers
I just roll a grenade out on the dance floor
And watch from a parking lot, flames; they roar
Flames burn anything, they can get they hands on
I'm fuckin' homeless, I burnt down my home
Burned my ass off, when I sat on a bonfire
Detroit revels by the time I admire
Set a truck on fire and drove it through a Wendy's
Burned down a Quik Stop and fire-bombed Denny's
I'm sickly in love with the heat of the flames
And I'll burn this bitch up, shit's off the chain!

[Hook]

[Bridge]
Hotter than the flames in hell!
I love it hotter than the falames in hell! (hot, hot, hot)
Hotter than the flames in hell!
I love it hotter than the falames in hell! (burn, burn, burn)

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Call a fire truck I'll burn it to the core
Smoke billows in the sky when gasoline pours
I was clothes in it, I fuck hoes in it; I'll admit it
I love knowin' I could blow any minute
And the bigger the better, the brighter the tighter
From a cigarette bud, to a California brush fire
I'll take the rush higher, and burst into flames
Only teeth and bones remain and I love this

[Bridge]

[Hook]