Esham: Acidrap.com.  This is "the Fag Song".  Acidrap.com world premiere

Monoxide: Is that real?

VERSE 1 (Esham):

I'm fed up with gay actors and gay rappers
I'm a star smashing fags, and gay bashing
Crashing, your brains blow all over the rainbow
Killing all fags, getting married to my mag
Toe tagged and body bagged, death to homosexuals
I catch you kissing in the park?  I'm a catch you hoes
I disrespect you hoes, with extra special throws
Supervilianz come tighter than Kanye West clothes
Mr. Spade, bitch, I'm crazy, gay people hate me
Supervillain, killing faggot asses all daily
Where you faggots get off thinking you gonna play me?
That fag shit cool to you, it ain't okay to me
Kill 'em all, if you gay, you die from my gun blast
Fags saw the Supervillain, made 'em run fast
'Cause you know I'm happy heated, if I need it, I pull it
Man, these fags be running fast!  But they can't outrun these bullets!

CHORUS (Shaggy 2 Dope):

Faggots need to slow they roll!
We feed 'em bullet holes! (Kill ya, fags!)
Black eye for the queer guy (Kill ya, fags!)
If you come near us you'll die!

VERSE 2 (Lavel):

Every day they push it on us
Fucking faggits everywhere
Get the fuck up out of here
You see this bitch you fucking queer
Nigga get your mind right and get some pussy in your life
A fucking man for a wife will get you stabbed wit a knife
See this shit is not a game I had to get it off my chest
Everytime I look at T.V. Faggit shows on the set
I mean damn what is this?
Gone on and do your fucking thing
But you blur the naked bitches out on the T.V. screen
No mercy mother fuckers
Pay attention to my words
If your daddy was gay
You couldn’t go around and flirt
You know I’m really pissed
Cuz you wouldn’t exist
Fruit Cakes and Sugar Tights
Man y’all ain’t shit
Scared of pussy ass niggas?
What the fuck is wrong with you?
You know these sissy sweet fags
They call them juggaboo
Keep that shit to yourself
You know its bad for your health
Thats why we hate you meat lovers
You Should Kill Yourself!
You fucking Fags!

CHORUS (Shaggy 2 Dope):

Faggots need to slow they roll!
We feed 'em bullet holes! (Kill ya, fags!)
Black eye for the queer guy (Kill ya, fags!)
If you come near us you'll die!

VERSE 3 (Violent J):

Somebody tell me what the fuck is going on, I can't believe what I see
I can't explain to my kids what's on TV
And I'm a Soopa Villain, it's time I do something about it
The faggot population getting way too overcrowded!
And I'm full of hate, sitting at a Denny's 3 am
I stabbed a faggot in the neck with a fork, kissing his friend
But didn't let him bleed on me and we assembling an army
To ship all you faggots to some island out the country
Fucking fudge packers!  Keep it in your homes and bars
It's raining homos, faggot mania is at large!
50 million Marys all trying to kill the Soopa Doopas!
Tongue kissing in public?  This soopa troopa shoots ya!
Hit on me you motherfucker?  I'll blow the skull off your neck!
It's time somebody in this motherfucker ran a fucking check
What about the kids?  Now being gay's in style
Soopa Villains going deeper underground another mile!

CHORUS (Shaggy 2 Dope):

Faggots need to slow they roll!
We feed 'em bullet holes! (Kill ya, fags!)
Black eye for the queer guy (Kill ya, fags!)
If you come near us you'll die!