[Verse 1: Violent J]
Oh my god! look at that turn it up please
Poor Nancy Kerrigan's sweet little knees
Somebody took a black thing and went thump
That's terrible! We heard about it for months
What about that one nobody guy that they found?
Dead in the grass with his, dick in his ass
Plus there was more but you won't recall
Because Micheal Jackson squeezed up on some little kids balls
What you consider...Drama
Ain't all that, it's just that you're whack
We can intergalactic satellite data compress
But we can't feed the homeless
And then OJ's whack story unfolded
And everybody watched that while Oklahoma exploded
900 good reasons why this world really don't care
That's what it costs for a wheelchair!

[Hook]
What you know 'bout terrible?
[You don't know what's terrible] (x2)

(Is she's so terrible you gotta beat her, you bitch ass whack motherfucker?)

[Verse 2: Shaggy 2 Dope]
Lordy-Lord we got a protest that
Some rock & roll ninja bit the head off a rat
Let's march in his concert, and chant him to hell
Cos he's so fucking terrible
Meanwhile his records sales double and triple
Cos of you worryin' about him rubbing his nipple
Religious? Shit, you helped them bands
Instead of helping them poor people eating out of them garbage cans
When you're done with them bitch, come protest me
Shit, motherfucker I could use some money
The whole world was crying when Kurt went ko-bang!
When Eazy-E died though, it wasn't no thang
Rapper dies of AIDS but you hardly mention
Rocker blows his face off and becomes a legend
Heroin and a shotgun, a hero is made
Maybe I should do that shit so J can get paid

[Hook]

(Are your kids so terrible you gotta beat on them too you drunk motherfucker?)

Rebel Flag (Repeated)
In your schools
In your parks
In your courtrooms
In your hearts
Stood for slavery
Stood for war
Stood for hatred but you just go ahead and hang your flag up some more!
(Don't worry about my goddamn flag, boy. What's terrible is you damn rappers cursin'!)

[Verse 3]
The country we live in was built by slaves
Beat on and murdered and stuffed in their graves
You put a slave owner on the one dollar bill
And you wanna know why I kill people?
Bombs are blowing up, cops are corrupt
And all you care about is who the president fucked?
You don't know terrible... you will
As soon as our wagons come over the hill!

[Hook Repeats]