[Intro]
Kottonmouth Kings, Insane Clown Posse!

[Bridge 1]
When I get to California
(It's on!!)
When I get there
(Suburban Noize!!)
When I get to California
Hook me up with one of them chicks
(Psychopathic!)
And when you get to the Mid-West
(It's on muthafucka!!!)
I'll hook you up with a Juggalette y'all!

[Verse 1: Johnny Richter]
He's the Visual Assassin with the mask, straight b-boy killa
Seen him drink a lot but I Have yet to see him spill a drop
He rap to hip-hop in his heart
Try and Battle Pak' he'll fuckin' tear you're ass apart

[Verse 2: D-Loc]
I keep my fridge stocked with plenty of Faygo
My flow connect nice like old school Lego's
"What's up holmes?", just a West-Coast loadie
My Rhyme is nice, slow and stoney

[Verse 3: Daddy X]
See all these Psycho Bitches gettin' so damn fanatical
FBI got us all listed down as radicals
Government officials takin' life long sabbaticals
Dog Boy Rock the mic and drop something classical

[Verse 4: Dog Boy]
I'm with the kings murder state to state
Dog Boy came and set the record straight
Fuck that bullshit that never went down
So we come as one to fuck up your town!

[Hook]
It's the Wickit, the Wicket, the Wicket Wicket Klowns
Blowing smoke rings with the Kottonmouth Kings
Coming, throwing, Faygo on your town
Yea, throwing that, and all types of things
It's the Wicket, the Wicket, the Wicket Wicket Klowns
Blowin' smoke rings with the Kottonmouth Kings
Comin' throwin' Faygo on your town
Yea, throwin that, and all types of things

[Verse 4: Johnny Richter]
Suburban Noize Records teamin' up with Psychopathic
Richter let 'em know who Juggalo I got your back kid
Kottonmouth Ninjas rocking tunes with ICP
D-Loc grab the mic and pass me the weed

(D-Loc)
Kottonmouth Kings, and ICP
We from the West
They from the East
With a bag of keif and a box of spliffs
We mast through your city like robotic beasts
(Daddy X)
See all slave robots following the masses
I watch the world through faygo fizzin' glasses
Kings and the klowns droppin sellouts like acid
Like cum on your tongue shit is getting kind of drastic

[Verse 6: Violent J]
To all unbelievers who think this is a joke
Grab the faygo when you start to choke
In the pit at a show come summertime
A million Juggalos to blow your fuckin mind

[Hook]

[Bridge 2]
True terror is back, you better believe
Kottonmouth Kings, ICP
We from the West, they from the East
True terror is back, you better believe
Kottonmouth Kings, ICP
We from the West, they from the East
True terror is back, you better believe!

[Verse 7: Violent J & (Shaggy 2 Dope)]
Violent J and Shaggy stepped in the place
And cleared the room out like nuclear waste
Nobody likes us but the Kottonmouth Kings
They smoke buds, I smoke little white things
I'm a base-head feinding for your change
(And I'm Strange!
So walk in I'll put you in a torcher rack
And blew your nut bag around like a hacky sack)
I told you "Fuck the World" and I meant it
(I owe the Government money, but I spent it
I bought a hooker and banged her in my truck
Yo, She probably had syphillis, I give a fuck though)
I'm gonna die, Hell we're all gonna die
You think the Juggalo give a damn? Bye!
I'm going off like a nuclear time bomb
Tick, tick, boom! Fucker!

[Hook]

Yea, throwing that, and all types of things

[Bridge 2]
True terror is back, you better believe
Kottonmouth Kings, ICP
We from the West, they from the East
True terror is back, you better believe
That's all bitch!