Bigge!!
Violent J!!
Shaggy 2 Dope!!
Madrox!!
Monoxide!!
Tell me what the dead like!!

[Verse 1: Monoxide]
What the dead like, we be killin' off the mainstream
We make it hard to earn a dollar in this pipe dream
What the dead like, it's very complicated
I give a fuck about nothin' bitch and I know you hate it
What the dead like, we the people of the moonlight
Sittin' in the graveyard all night
What the dead like, we don't let you bitches crawl off
We chop your head and watch it fall off
(What the dead like!)

[Verse 2: Violent J]
They sit and wait for Armageddon
So they can put a slit in yo' neck just like a neden
(What the dead like!)
They be runnin' with a hatchet
And dangle your soul and watch you jump and try to catch it
(What the dead like!)
They like a 'boom boom boom'
They like 'ha-ha-ha-ha-ha' ridin' a broom!
(What the dead like!)
Well they're just like me
Not givin' a fuck the world, better' carefree!!

[Interlude 1: Violent J]
If you look at the earth, the earth is one plain surface
What's above life and below life is death
And that's where we are
There's so many levels of death above and below
Where you're at in life, it is compliced, it goes on for eternity
There's millions of levels of stagnant death
And we're waiting for you to join us

[Verse 3: Jamie Madrox]
What the dead like, they like livin' underground
That's what the dead like, when it's dark, they come around
Out the shadows like a serial killa
With a double-headed axe we dubbed the wig-splitta
We some off-the-wall, not givin' a fuck at all
And while you bitches hatin', we laughin' at all of y'all
That's what the dead like, runnin' wild beneath the streets
From the southwest back to the mothafuckin' east!
(What the dead like!)

[Verse 4: Shaggy 2 dope]
Six feet deep beneath earth
Diggin' a deep for dead, underground since birth
Subterranean hearse
Underground straight through the dirt
With the bloodthirst
For juggalo love comin' first
(What the dead like!)
You gotta be dead to comprehend it
But still we standin'
When your airplay's endin'
Buried alive, eternally, you can't stand it
The dead like always forever in the trenches

[Interlude 2: Violent J]
You see, the dead are always
Watching you through the eyes of the vulture
Through the eyes of the birds
Because that way they can soar
They can watch what you're doing
Basically they're just watching em' for entertainment
Purposes because it's funny that
You fear death, you fear it and it wants you to taste it
And you can't have it enough
And they're just waiting for you to join them

[Verse 5: Jamie Madrox]
(What the dead like!)
They like the Psychopathic shit
If they see the hatchetman then it's underground legit
That's what the dead like, and they ain't takin' nothing less
Keep it underground for life is a dance-only request
(What the dead like!)

[Verse 6: Violent J]
They've been worshippin' the reaper
So and yhat's you and I fear that's you that's the keeper
(What the dead like!)
You can ask Richard Pryor
I know that motherfucker's life's about to expire
(What the dead like!)

[Verse 7: Monoxide]
It's like a string of bad luck
Mad corrupt
Covered in blood like, 'bitch, whut?'
What the dead like, we dazed and confused
Runnin' with a hatchet to death, we can't lose
(What the dead like!)

[Verse 8: Shaggy 2 dope]
Whatthe dead like, fuck the spotlight
Only come out at night
Cause we melt in the sunlight
What the dead like, don't know, don't need to know
We stay in the graveyard with our dead ass juggalos

[Interlude 3: Violent J]
It's funny when you think about religion and science
And all that and they think they can put their finger on what it is
But really they don't know the slightest thing of what death is
I mean, when you lay down to sleep and your body goes into
A state of unconciousness, that's like the closest to what death
You could ever witness in life
But even that doesn't take you anywhere
Near what death really is
I mean, when you wake up from a dream
You're talking about how great it was
And what you experienced and that's all
Nothing, that's all minute compare to what death actually is
What your thoughts are and what reality is
Is two completely different things
To actually experience death is beyond anybody's wildest
Imagination, beyond any writer's philosophies or anything like that
To have experienced death myself
I'll say I would rather run with the dead
I would rather run with the masses
I'd rather become what is forgotten here in this life