[Intro]
I like this Asian Doll

[Verse 1: Asian Doll]
Lil’ Asian Doll with the flow
Get more head then a barber, on the low
These bitches mad, cause they man wanna blow
It ain’t my fault, I got that crack, I’m a pro
Stop talking numbers if it ain’t real
I leave it scarred on the beat, bitch it don’t heal
I’m independent, I can drop, how you can’t tell?
Name ringing bells, I don’t fuck with hoes, these bitches fake as hell
Pussy soaking, badder beach
You housewives need to eat another peach
Why bitches dissing missing Asian, another reach
Deepthroat dick, all you bitches eat

[Chorus: Nicki Minaj]
Ayo, I been on, bitch, you been corn
Bentley tints on, Fendi prints on
I mean I been Storm, X-Men been formed
He keep on dialin' Nicki like the Prince song
I-I-I been on, bitch, you been corn
Bentley tints on, Fendi prints on
Ayo, I been north, Lara been Croft
Plates say Chun-Li, drop the Benz off

[Verse 2: Asian Doll & Nicki Minaj]
Drop a bitch off, hit her with a saw, I’m the hardest doll
Asian Doll flyest of them all, princess, born a star
Own style, own bars, bitches bite, I write it all
They thinking I’m a prime, sneak dissing, I fight ‘em all
I’m that one bitch, spit real shit
Gave my ex nigga to that lil’ bitch, I’m too rich
Heard ‘em talking foul, pop my twenty, turn it down
You a hoe around town, real bitch I bring the sound
I ain’t never sold my pussy cause my pussy is the best
If he saying I’m a rookie, that’s why I make these niggas sweat
Damn he ate me like a gusher, I ain’t even give him sex
Wrap my legs around his head, like the Cuban on his neck
‘Beat my chest, bitch it’s King Kong!
I’m the reason bitches yelling that they shoot
Bitch it’s King Kong!
But the pretty chopper hanging out that coupe
Go against me, but I’m solid, and you wonder why you lose
Time to wake up, hit the snooze, follow the leader, you in school
Bitch it’s King Kong!
Nicki really taught me how to do finesse
This is King Kong?
Bitches grew up fans, now they wanna sweat
Throwing shots, but it ain’t aiming, put that vest up on your chest
How many championships?
I don’t know, but we ain’t count, unless a check

[Bridge: Asian Doll & Nicki Minaj]
They need bitches like me!
They need real ass street bitches like me who gon’ smack the shit out of one of you dumb ass bitches
Y’all disrespect me, fuck is you talking about?
Chun Li!

[Chorus: Nicki Minaj]
Ayo, I been on, bitch, you been corn
Bentley tints on, Fendi prints on
I mean I been Storm, X-Men been formed
He keep on dialin' Nicki like the Prince song
I-I-I been on, bitch, you been corn
Bentley tints on, Fendi prints on
Ayo, I been north, Lara been Croft
Plates say Chun-Li, drop the Benz off

[Outro: Nicki Minaj & Asian Doll]
I come alive, I, I'm always sky high
Designer thigh highs, it's my lifestyle
I come alive, I, I'm always sky high
Designer thigh highs, it's my lifestyle
I need a Mai Tai, so fuckin' sci-fi
Gimme the password to the fuckin' wifi
Queen of teens surfboard, tryna ride the wave
Edges laid, Asian paid, click my pic and save
I’m still the badder bitch, if I had a bald fade
Real bitches back in style and we come in all shades!
You know these niggas on the low
Goofy nigga wanna skeet, he tryna blow