[Intro]
Okay. Okay. Nicki Minaj. Dirty Money. I don't think ya'll understand what I'm about to do, I'm 'bout to master these bitches, man. Chea! Chin checker

[Verse 1]
I used to dilly dally, now I dilly to Cali
Used to push a pink Denali, now it's Chevy Impalis
I used to be broker than them niggas in alleys
Now I get my work it out like Biggity-Bally
I used to go hard, used to cock the brim
Used to take the dollar car, used to shop at Vim
Now I take it real easy, the hood believe me
I don't mean Cover Girl when I say "easy breezy."
Jiminy Cricket, let the master in
When it come to bad bitches, I'm the last of kin
I'm bringing S-E-X-Y B-A-C-K
If Nicki ain't the best, suck a D-I-C-K
I'm Young Nicholas, my style ridiculous
I heard your money funny, and mommy, I'm ticklish
I gotta laugh. I gotta laugh at it
I always got crack, I guess I'm a crack addict

[Interlude]
I don't know man. I think these bitches is real scared right now, like. Damn. I got these bitches shaking in they boots, man. Dirty money. Ayo, Pre'. Bring the next verse in, my nigga. Chea! Chea! Chea! One time

[Verse 2]
I used to make a dollar stretch like a Pilate
Now I gotta play the potty in Giuseppe Zanotti
Gotta push the Maserati, candy paint on the body
Making money off the hobby, taking flicks in the lobby
Look, I'm in the future, I'm ahead of my time
And you can't duplicate it, I'm a one-of-a-kind
They think I'm making fun of them, when I be like: "Na-Na-Na-Na!"
That's the track, little mama. Look: "Na-Na-Na-Na!"
Do what I do it, like I do it for the T.V
Bitches must be blind, cause these bitches can't see me
Do it all for GP, tell 'em to suck a pee-pee
Monday, LA, Tuesday, I'm in DC
Get a ticket, or you only get a snippet
If you write your lyrics,  little mama, I can dig it
I show you how to do it, what I do is really magic
Abracadab' tricks are for kids, silly rabbit

[Outro]
Yes sir. If I ain't the one, who is, nigga? I mean damn, I don't mean to toot my own goddamn horn, but toot-toot, nigga! Fuck! I'm that bitch. Nicki Minaj. Dirty Money. Yes sir. Uh-huh. Uh-huh