[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Good morning New York
Good afternoon New Orleans
Goodnight America
This is Young Money... Nicki Minaj

[Verse 1: Nicki Minaj]
They don't make us to break us, no, I'm with the bakers
I'm gettin bread with dread up in Jamaica
It's them young stunnas, Nick and Lil Weezy (Weez!)
Nic, I'm the chick, that go getta like Jeezy (Go-getter)
Fall back, cause I do this here
Step ya bars up or you're through this year
Yup it's only right that the whole block stare
Hopped out the air in the blue and white layer
I'm here, I'm with Long-Hair-Don't-Care
Steady starin at my ear, cause my ear on glare
Now it's not hard to find me, top behind me
You be Harry Potter, and I'll be Hermione
I be early, I'm the girl they
Call The One like on my first birthday
I'm in that Range Rov, rocking that Kangol
That pussy real good, it tastes like mango

[Hook: Nicki Minaj]
Can't stop, won't stop reppin' Young Money, and we
We get down, and we, we get down, and we...
Boys, they, boys, they love me
(Chromed out eleven hundred)
Can't stop, won't stop reppin' Young Money, and we
We get down, and we, we get down, and we...

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Ya dig? (Go!) So I guess it's my turn
And I'mma go at niggas' heads like sideburns
Big Phantom on the road, make a wide turn
Big light-green buds, is what I burn
Nicki, since I've been rappin', this what I've learned
All these other niggas pussy, like dry sperm (fuck 'em)
And I knock this shit out like Tom Hearns
If it ain't about money, me no concern
A paper chaser 'til my thigh burn
And never give a bitch what I've earned
Fuck I look like?
I'm lookin for a bitch that can fuck right, cook right
And if not; then, left foot, right
Foot, get to steppin, yeah bitch, walk light
And my hoes talk like "Hsshswash", and I just say "Right."
We don't fuss fight
She is just... just... just right

[Hook: Nicki Minaj]
Can't stop, won't stop reppin' Young Money, and we
We get down, and we, we get down, and we...
Boys, they, boys, they love me
(Chromed out eleven hundred)
Can't stop, won't stop reppin' Young Money, and we
We get down, and we, we get down, and we...

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
I'm on tour, till my money's like the bus height
Ice looking bright, see me coming like bus lights
Weezy, Nicki Minaj, Young Money