[Intro]
Thank you
Thank you for comin' out tonight
Ladies and gentlemen
I am the president of Dirty Money Records
(What the hell are you waiting for?)
New York City

[Verse 1]
Who you know fresher than Nick? Riddle me that
Mami you itty bitty can't mirror me back
Everybody gon' see where I'm lyrically at
Used to hate Nicki, now they givin' me dap
I live and I learn,  but I wait my turn
I'm always on the run, got weight to burn
Ease off the gas, then I make a turn
Three off the pass, they don't play like her
Why I can't just be ill?
Why when they see me, bitches gotta to go "Ew"?
Why my lil' nigga, still gotta sell krills?
Why I'm this hot and still didn't get a deal?
The rain and the pain, I done paid my dues
I'm ready for the game, I done laced my shoes
Everything I say believe I'm gon' do
Came out the coop, Petite Vuitton boots

[Hook]
Can I get an encore I know you want more
I know you sick of all them girls, they such a bore
But it's my time I need y'all to roar
It's my time I need y'all to  roar
(What the hell are you waiting for?)
After me, there shall be no more
It's my time I need y'all to roar
(What the hell are you waiting for?)

[Verse 2]
Look what you made me do, look what I made for you
Know when I paid my dues, that I would aim for you
Straight from the streets of Queens and yet it seems
The only thing they know, is that I push a beam
All they see's a pretty face, how I ride the base
So I put my hoodie down just to hide my face
They don't see the tears I cry, the fears I hide
Tend to keep my cares inside, it's merely pride
Like my grandmother, I wonder if she next to pop
Said the next time I seen her she would be in a box
Damn she was right, she was dead right
How was I to know, that would be her last night?
If I could turn back the time
Dear God, somehow could you press rewind?
Won't come when I call, but He just in time
So I come when He call, like I'm next in line
When you got something good why the Devil gotta ruin it?
Guess she never know, I be the best bitch doing it

[Chester Bennington and Mike Shinoda of Linkin Park]
Tired of being what you want me to be
Feeling so faithless, lost under the surface
Don't know what you're expecting of me
Put under the pressure of walking in your shoes
(Caught in the undertow just caught in the undertow)
Every step that I take is another mistake to you
(Caught in the undertow just caught in the undertow)
And every second I waste is more than I can take
I've become so numb I can't feel you there
Become so tired so much more aware
I'm becoming this all I want to do
Is be more like me and be less like you
I've become so numb

[Nicki Minaj]
Can I get an encore
I know you want more
(I've become so numb)
But it's my time I need ya'll to roar
It's my time I need ya'll to roar