[Intro: Nicki Minaj]
Yo, SB, I think it's my time
You know why? My tears have dried
And I know that no weapon formed against me will prosper
And I truly believe that my haters are my motivators
Young Money

[Hook 1: Nicki Minaj]
If you could, you would get rid of me
Fuck you gone do when a bitch try to go hard?
But I won't let you get to me
You should already figure I'ma go hard
If you was as real as me you would never
Let another girl sit in your throne
I done put the choke hold on now
They screaming , "Nicki leave me alone!"
I am, I'm still the one to beat
Ain't in a rush for mainstream, I am the streets
I am getting it in until the end I gotta go
Go, go hard!

[Verse 1: Nicki Minaj]
Carter called, lemme get the car key,you don't want it with the Harajuku Barbie
Keep a marquee, everything sparkly (Man down!)
Hit him on the walkie-talkie
Hit 'em, hit em, knock-knock, tell 'em let me in, my name ring bells, bitch buzz me in (BZZZZ!)
And I only stop for pedestrians (Oh!) Or a real, real bad lesbian
Hit 'em with the MAC, hit 'em with the TEC-nine, hit 'em with the Ruger, by the intersect sign
Hit 'em with a Tommy, so my niggas call me Pammy
And I always keep the jammy, in the trunk or in the Lamby (O-WAH!)
Put my whole borough on my back and I'm good-a
I don't wanna hear what you would, what you could-a
I represent all the girls that stood up (Uhn!)
Used to drink water with a little bit of sugar (Oh..)
Now I'm in the gym with my squats and my sit-ups (One, two! "Breathes")
Doing the scissor-leg, on the mat, with my foot up
Young black pin-up, all of my bitches did up
Now I'm telling LA Reid, to step his bid up
And I'm telling President Carter, he picked a winner,bitches like Nelly and Kelly, got a dilemma
These birds all fly south, in the winter
Fuck I look like? Chomping on a chicken dinner?
You can hate me, but why knock my hustle?
I'ma be the queen, no matter how they shuffle
Skirts with the ruffle, Louis on the duffle
I'm a bad bitch, no muzzle
Singing: (Aha-uh, aha-uh, aha-uh, ah-ah-ah-ah, aha-uh, aha-uh, aha-uh)
No muuuuz-zlllllle, hahahaha
Bitches is softer than Al Dente,cut from a different kente
Tell em I'm the ninja, Weezy is my Sensei
So I call him Splinter, faster than a sprinter
Gimme my chopsticks, I'll have these rap bitches for dinner
This is for my gentlemen, in button-ups, and khakis
This is for my nigga, Seven Up, in Castaki
This is for my niggas, wheelying them Kawasakis
Shout out, to the Vackee's, Saltfish Ackees
Kisses to my fans, unless I'm feeling, kinda cocky
Winter Wonderland, is on my hand, it's kind of rocky
I am Nicki, Minaj, or Lewinski
Pump's on the clutch, right hand, on the 6-speed
Write my own raps, I gotta go, I gotta get me (gotta get me)

[Hook 2: Nicki Minaj]
If you could, you would get rid of me
Fuck you gone do when a bitch try to go hard?
But I won't let you get to me
You should already figure I'ma go hard
If you was as real as me
You would never let another girl sit in your throne
I done put the choke hold on now
They screaming, "Nicki leave me alone!"
I am, I will, I gots to win
I’m still looking around for my competition
I am getting it in until the end
I gotta go, go, go
Go hard!

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
From slap-and-cry you start to die, so I must go harder
Gotta make these bitches know me just like Bobby know water
Better yet, like Bubba know shrimp, but he don't say shit when the gun on his lip
And I don't say shit, put the gun on my hip
So I don't say shit but the gun on my hip
If you don't wanna drown don't come on my ship
Check out how them bitches just run on my dick
And me, I'm still nasty as a son of a bitch
I still got that bitch cum on my lips
If you ain't got money, don't come on my strip
And if you got money, don't come on my strip
I wear that metal; no Olympic, but I can still make you tumble
And flip
You fucking with me if you fucking with Nic
They ain't fucking with me, they ain't fucking with Nic
Your girlfriend her decision is split 'cause she wanna fuck me and she wanna fuck Nic
They wonder if he be fucking Nic, as long as she be fucking rich
That's why I keep my luggage 'cause I swear y'alls a fucking trip
Young Money dungeon bitch, my swagger is punching bitch
And I shoot like I'm from overseas, so call my gun "Gunovich"
Weezy F Baby and the 'F' is for a bunch of shit
Red drank, blue pill, white dust, yes, I love my country, bitch
(Guitar)

[Hook 3: Nicki Minaj]
Wish you could get rid of Young Money
Fuck you gone do when a bitch try to go hard?
But I won't let you get to me
You should already figure I'ma go hard
If you was as real as me you would never
Let another girl sit in your throne
I done put the choke hold on now
They screamin', "Nicki leave me alone"
I am, I will, I gots to win
I'm still lookin' around for my competition
I am gettin' it in until the end
I gotta go, go, go, go hard