[Intro]
Ayo, ayo Corey, listen man...
If there's one thing I can't stand it's, you know, these nondescripts
Acting like they don't know who the hell I am
You know what I mean? So that's why I gotta run down, nigga
You know, I'm Nicki Minaj, Nicki Lewinsky, the black Hannah Montana
When I do it, it get done

[Verse 1]
You must not know who I am
I don't get the spot 'till 2 IM
Don't be mad, lil mama, cause you not in
Everybody wanna roll with the crew I'm in
Look, they wanna know why I'm posted at the bar
I tell them I'm just signing posters at the bar
But really, I don't know why I'm posted at the bar
Ya bitches act up I got the toaster by the bar
I get cake cause I always got a hustle
I prompt weight and I ain't talkin' 'bout my muscle
Club everyday, but that ho ain't me
Cause I be home with the scale like Do-Re-Mi
I mean I walk like Onami, I mean Naomi
I keep the thing on me
And you know it ain't a bitch that's got a thing on me, no
That's why he wanna go and put a ring on me

[Hook]
He be like, "Oh, God! Girl, you bad"
He be like, "Oh, God! Girl, you bad"
I be like, "A million here, a million there there"
A million in the air, I mean in the lair-lair

[Verse 2]
You must not know who I be
On my way to Tai-Chi off the L.I.E
Don't be mad cause you not a ninja like me
Think she badder than Nicki, that's a L-I-E
Bitches know I'm half gone, I got my ski mask on
You bitches is too busy getting T-bagged on
When I do it, it get done, two sticks in my bun
Pull up in the 6 hun, they be fixin the run
Corset, Louis Vuitton; it be cuppin' my boobs
I just left petite Vuitton, let me buckle my shoes
Wait, hold on, little daddy, let me fix my suit
I got that presidential cooch; when he see it he salute
I am the mistress, stay with a rasta
If you get at him, I'll turn your brain into pasta
On 'em spaceships, yup we came in with NASA
Even out in Mars we the stars, oh my god

[Hook 2]
They be like, "Oh, God! Girl, you bad"
They be like, "Oh, God! Girl, you bad"
We be like, "a million here, a million there, there"
"A million in the air, I mean in the lair, lair"

[Verse 3]
You must not know who I are
Sucka-sucka MCs call me sire
I'm the ninja; my ad-libs say "hi-ya!" (Hi-ya!)
Konichiwa -- sayonara
Listen, I am the girl, the girl they call Nicki
I am young Nicki, finicky so picky
And I am like Jada, Halle and Kimora
No I'm not in church but this is Christian Dior-ah
I'm not impressed, I'm not impressed with you
I'mma need a lot of cheese and some mustard too
Cause I get more green then the vegetable
They say I'm rude, Yeah I'm rude like huxtable
I mean Rudy, I'm tutti-frutti
And I got some good cookies so they blew it and took it
I'm so Marylin Monroe
When the wind blow I'm Marylin Monroe

[Hook 3]
They be like, "Oh, God! Girl, you bad"
They be like, "Oh, God! Girl, you bad"
We be like, "A million here, a million there there
A milli in the air, I mean in the lair lair"