New shit. Jump-off, 2007
Ms. Nicki, let's get it popping baby, C’mon


[Verse 1]

Queens, Queens
Ayo, Fendi this the jump-off right here nigga
It's Minaj, lil mama, get a taste of the hot sauce
Itty Bitty, real pretty, but I'm not soft
I beat bitches with the heat like I’m Scott Storch
In the ocean, is where they getting dropped off
All I wanna do is party, rock some Ed Hardy and forty forty
You arrive when it just get started
I come through at two and I don't get carted (haha)
Excuse me? I had to beg your pardon
Mami your flow sick? My flows retarded
'Cause you can take something and you won't be sick
But um, I can't help my retarded shit, 'Cause my flow stupid
Wheelchair bound, take the small bus, all year round
That bitch pop out with a helmet on her head
Bottle of new meds (word?)
And a good pair of kids
Where my chicks? All my girls that'll transport bricks! (ay, ay!)
Got some Mac lip gloss on your lips (ho, oh)
Keep a real good jean on your hips (uh-huh)
You could get it! And to my dudes (k-yeah, k-yeah!): "If you keep a good bitch in your crew, and you rock a good real fucking suit (yessir!), if you got a lil' tree on your boot, you can get it!"


[Verse 2]

Nicki and Dirty Money, nigga
Shit your draws
When I count to three, hit the floor
Bang lil mama, pick up yo’ jaw (uh?)
"That?, there’s the Chevy 64" (haha)
"You that bitch? I'm the boss!"
I’ma have my bodyguard dust me off, 'cause I think I might have some dirt on my shoulder
Call my nigga, Light, with the money green Rover (light!)
I'm the boss bitch, pink links and the brinks
Rockin' the corset, sip drinks in my minks
Call my nigga, Gravy, that’s the big baby
Tell him I said maybe, he should bring the trey peak
I already know these lames is gon' hate me
But um, lately, it only motivate me
Want it with my squad? You gotta come through me
I hit the dance floor, nigga
One, two, three!
Where my chicks? All my girls that'll transport bricks! (ay, ay!)
Got some Mac lip gloss on your lips (ho, oh)
Keep a real good jean on your hips (uh-huh)
Ou could get it! And to my dudes (k-yeah, k-yeah!): "If you keep a good bitch in your crew, and you rock a good real fucking suit (yessir!), if you got a lil' tree on your boot, you can get it!