[Verse 1: Nicki Minaj]
I fly with the stars, in the skies
I am no longer trying to survive
I believe that life is a prize
But to live, doesn’t mean you’re alive
Don’t worry 'bout me, and who I fire
I get what I desire, it’s my empire
And yes, I call the shots, I am the umpire
I sprinkle holy water, upon a vampire (Pyre!)
In this very moment, I’m king
In this very moment, I slayed Goliath with a sling
This very moment I bring
Put it on everything, that I will retire with the ring
And I will retire with the crown, Yes!
No, I’m not lucky, I’m blessed,Yes!
Clap for the heavyweight champ, Me!
But I couldn’t do it all alone, We!
Young Money raised me, grew up out in Baisley
Southside Jamaica, Queens and it’s crazy
'Cause I’m still hood, Hollywood couldn’t change me
Shout out to my haters, sorry that you couldn’t faze me
Ain't being cocky, we just vindicated
Best believe that when we're done
This moment will be syndicated, I don't know
This night, just reminds me of
Everything that they deprived me of (Kyuh!)
P-p-p-p-put ya drinks up!
It’s a celebration, every time we link up
We done did everything, they can think of
Greatness, is what we on the brink of

[Hook: Nicki Minaj & (Drake)]
I wish that I could have this moment for life, for life, for life
'Cause in this moment, I just feel so alive, alive, alive
I wish that I could have this moment for life, for life, for life
This is my moment, I just feel so alive, alive, alive

[Verse 2: Drake]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, uh
What I tell ‘em hoes bow, bow, bow to me, drop down to ya knees
Young Money the Mafia, that’s word to Lil' Cease
I’m in The Dominican, Big Papi Ortiz
Doing target practice, all these bitches just aiming to please
Shout-out to the CEO 500 degrees
Shout-out to the OVO, red wings and fatigues, oh
Niggas wanna be friends how coincidental
This supposed to be y'all year, we ain’t get the memo
Young King, pay me in gold
40 got a bunch of weed, he ain’t even roll
These niggas be droppin' songs they ain’t even cold
Weezy on top and that nigga ain't even home, yet!
Yeah, be very afraid
These other rappers getting bodied and carried away
Fuck it, me and Nicki Nick gettin' married today
And now you bitches that be hatin' can catch the bouquet, ooh
Yeah, you a star in my eyes
You and all them white girls, party of five
Are we drinking a lil' more? I can hardly decide
I can’t believe we really made it, I’m partly surprised, I swear
Damn, this one for the books, man!
I swear this shit is as fun as it looks, man!
I’m really tryna make it more than what it is
'Cause everybody dies, but not everybody lives!

[Hook: Nicki Minaj]
I wish that I could have this moment for life, for life, for life
'Cause in this moment, I just feel so alive, alive, alive
I wish that I could have this moment for life, for life, for life
This is my moment, I just feel so alive, alive, alive

[Bridge: Nick Minaj]
This is my moment, I waited all my life, I can just tell it's time
Drifting away, I’m one with the sunsets, I have become alive

[Hook: Nicki Minaj]
I wish that I could have this moment for life, for life, for life
'Cause in this moment, I just feel so alive, alive, alive
I wish that I could have this moment for life, for life, for life
This is my moment, I just feel so alive, alive, alive, alive