[Intro: DJ On Point:]

New freestyle, featuring Nicki Maraj! Nicki I see you, what up!?

[Verse: Nicki Maraj]
Yeah, yeah, yeah
I was at the Rucker, in some chuckers, fuckers
With a Smucker's and a hat, that was made for truckers
You told these bitches, they was fucking with me, see -
When I was getting money, you was fucking for free
Anyway, I'm N-I-C, and when I spit?
I had these bitches shakin', like M. Ali
Cause, I bring it to these girls, like Fedex and when I get -
Fed up? Bitches get rea-dy (Why?) Cause -
I'll have your brains lookin', like confetti, mami
You keep trying, I'mma teach you a les-son - '
I keep the iron, but it ain't for pres-sin' -
And when I'm done, get the next contestant
Cause, I'm the nicest, priceless, stay with the -
Ice wrist, bitches so sick of me, when I get -
Hot, trigger finger get slippery, bitches better -
DUCK, like hickory, dickory

[Hook: Ru Spits]
We'll pop it off, 'til his top come off
Pull rank, have somebody go, and knock him off
Phone call to my dawg, will make him drop 'em off
Think you fuckin' with Nick' Maraj? NOT AT ALL
Think you can fuck with Ru Spits? NOT AT ALL
Think you can fuck with my Crum Clique? NOT AT ALL
Cash, cars, cribs, yeah we got it all
Macs, TEC's, nine's yeah, we pop 'em all

[Verse: Ru Spits]
You know Spits got them bars, that be off the hook
I give to you dry, wet, whether [summer?] cook
Like Amazon dot.com, I get it off the book
'Bout to cop Nick'  Maraj, a bent Porsche to push
While I'm shotgun, reclined all off the kush
Or on that West Coast, my doja be that granddaddy
I got money that's older, than your granddaddy
Most of you rappers old enough, to be my granddaddy
I'm in that so sick, o'six, tan Caddi'
Flow like no type, five-fifty, [cold bright?]
And every stone in the chain, look like strobe lights
And just hard to be rude, when we so nice
Illest shit I ever said, is what I don't write
For you to see me get this bread, is what you don't like
I will take the Uzi, slide back, spray ya kufi
And show you actin' ass niggas, how to make ah movie

[Hook 2]
We'll pop it off, 'til his top come off
Pull rank, have somebody go, and knock him off
Phone call to my dawg, will make him drop 'em off
Think you fuckin' with Nick' Maraj? NOT AT ALL
Think you can fuck with Ru Spits? NOT AT ALL
Think you can fuck with my Crumb Clique? NOT AT ALL
Cash, cars, cribs, yeah we got it all
Macs, TEC's, nine's yeah, we pop 'em off

[Outro; DJ On Point]
Y'all niggas is fucking'crazy!
My niggas are beasts, Ru Spits, A.K.A. Star shit!
We fuckin' crazy in 2006
Fire and Ice! (Ah-ah)  Y'all niggas fall back!
That niggas need a hit? You come holla at us!
That niggas need a ghostwriter? They come holla at us!
[?], this is us this year (Stunna), me, Ru Spits
Sawblood, Nicki Maraj,  Danny Brown
Matter of fact, free my nigga Danny Brown, RIGHT NOW!
We 'bout to start a revolution on y'all motherfuckers
Shout out to the whole motherfuckin' Dipset
Duke the God, Travis, Juelz, matter fact my nigga Platinum Don
What up!? Trav', what up!?
Fire and Ice, nigga, we gettin' it poppin' this year
Y'all niggas can't fuck with us, you crazy?
I know y'all lookin' stupid right now