[Verse 1: Nicki Minaj]
’Member me, cause that's what the agenda be
I'll never fall, they'll never September me
Pretty Trini girl, that is what they render me
Nah nigga, that bitch don't resemble me
How you leave me for bitch under me?
When the shit hit the fan, don't run to me
Your daddy wasn't a man so, to some degree
I guess it run in your jeans, Dungarees

[Verse 2: Parker Ighile]
Oh, it was pretty sticky for us, so we had to shut it down
I really asked her, why you’re with me?
And my heart’s in critical condition
If you listening baby, just come get me!
I need bottles of Henny
Drink a lot of water
I’m in that special place without water!
But she the only one with me!
I tell her mommy found a new life in the city
Daddy gets tight, so he can’t feel the gravity
Cause any other place is way better than reality!
Oh, boy yes I know I need problem
Baby, no, you don’t know what you got till it’s gone, oh yeah!

[Verse 3: Parker Ighile]
I know by how you look me in the eyes
You just think i'm gonna lie, really I know that you miss me
Did it all or different positions, typical of me to be so silly
20 bottles of Henny
This ain't the last order
When I should've been with you and our daughter
I hope you're coming home with me
She looks like you ain't ya both so pretty
Daddy gets high so he can't feel the pain
My father wasn't mature and I don't wanna be the same
Oh, Yes I know I did wrong
Baby no you don't know what you got till' it's gone, oh yeah!

[Hook: Parker Ighile]
She don’t remember me, don’t remember me
She don’t remember me
She don’t remember me, don’t remember me
Don’t remember me

[Verse 3: Nicki Minaj]
Oh, he was with me for while
Now he got another girl, thought i gave him plenty
Did it all but I guess it wasn't enough and now I never give my heart to many
Empty bottles of Henny, risked it all for ya
Now you don’t even answer when I call ya
You can buy the whole city
Money ain’t a thing if you’re not here with me
Real-real love, no, I don’t want a parody
Love is such a war, I don’t wanna be a casualty, Oh no
Yes I know i did wrong
Baby, no, you don’t know what you got till it’s gone, oh yes!

[Refrain: Nicki Minaj]
No, no I don't wanna lose ya
Just say you'll remember me tonight
No, no I don't wanna lose ya
Just say you'll remember me tonight

[Outro: Nicki Minaj]
And how could I ever forget you?
Though at times I wonder if I ever knew you
And wonder if you ever knew me