[Intro - Wyclef Jean and Lil Wayne]
Some live for the bill
Some kill for the bill
She whine for the bill
Grind for the bill
(and she used to be the sweetest girl)
Some steal for the bill, if they got to pay they bill
(and she used to be the sweetest girl)
Tonight Wyclef, Akon, Weezy on the bill

[Verse 1- Wyclef Jean]
High school she was that girl that make me do the hula hoop around the gym
(Just to get a peek again, she's a 10)
High school she was
That girl that make me do the hula hoop around the gym
(Just to get a peek again, she's a 10)
Never thought that she would come and work for the president
Mr. George Washington (where my money at?)
She thought he'd call (where my money at?)
She had a good day, bad day, sunny day, rainy day
All he wanna know is is (where my money at?)
Closed legs don't get fed, go out there and make my bread
All he wanna know is (where my money at?)
She ended up in a road car, bruised up, scarred hard
All he wanna know is (where my money at?)
She thought he'd call (where my money at?)

[Hook - Akon]
See I'mma tell you like Wu told me
Cash rules everything around me
Singin' dollar dollar bill y'all (dollar, dollar bill y'all)
Singin' dollar dollar bill y'all (dollar, dollar bill y'all)

[Verse 2 - Wyclef Jean]
Money, money-money-money
Money, money-money-money
It drives the world crazy
The girl she used to be
She used to be the sweetest girl

[Verse 3 - Nicki Minaj]
When a good girl's gone, she gone forever
And you can't make it rain, without the stormy weather
And its funny when it rains, when it rains it pours
It would've never happened, if I would've stayed in doors
Would've never happened, if I never traded in my textbooks
Cause now I'm hot, but the critics say, I'm just looks
They say I'm too sexy, they say I'm selling out
Cause when I come out niggas, get their umbrellas out
I take the L, cause I don't won't to see my brother loose
Been through it all, but I can never fill my mothers shoes
And I don't want a hand out, I just want my adlibs to get panned out
And I just wanna tell the girl, that could feel me
That I just play the card, the nigga dealt me
See, everything I been through, could've killed me
That's why there's really nothing, you could tell me
You see I live for the bill, I die for the bill
I still make sure I read, the bi to the bile
And everytime I write, I'm precise in my skill
It's more out of life. then just ice in your grill
Fuck me, blame me, fuck you, pay me
This is what you made me, where my money at?
Say you want to drape me, turned around and rape me
Now you won't mistake me, where my money at?

[Hook - Nicki Minaj}]
Where my girls at,where my girls at
If they be fronting then tell them "yo where my money at"
Where my money at
Where my-where my money at
Whe-whe-whe-whe-where my money at
(x2)