[Intro: Ru]
Ah hah, oh yeah
Ah, ah, ah
Ah, oh yeah Ru Spits!

Hook:
You better watch, what you say to me
Cause, I don't think you motherfuckers, want to play with me
I got some niggas, that'll come through and spray for me
They'll do it nighttime, or broad day for me

You better watch, what you say to me (Ah hah)
Cause, I don't think you motherfuckers, want to play with me
(No way) I got some bitches, that'll come through and spray for me
(All day) They'll do it nighttime, or broad day for me

[Verse 1: Ru]
I know some good brothas, with some good pistols
(What up G!?) Hollow tips, you swallow clips, I'll military issue
It's like you needed a lift, the way we come and get you (Uh!)
I know you can't believe, that spitta boy, will send that hit crew
(Let's go!) So, disrespect me how?
When I got well known, killers on speed dial
(How!?) We storm on fake thug niggas, concrete style
(How!?) Take your block over, this is on me now
I'm rollin' up that Obama, backin' up John McCain
My team will help me lose weight, like Jack LaLanne
Nuttin' changed, spitta boy known to mac a dame
Bring her home same night, ain't even ask her name
And this type of swag? Money can't buy
Me versus you? It would be a landslide
Cause, all these niggas soft, I beat 'em with my hands tied

Hook:
You better watch, what you say to me
Cause, I don't think you motherfuckers, want to play with me
I got some niggas, that'll come through and spray for me
They'll do it nighttime, or broad day for me

You better watch, what you say to me (Ah hah)
Cause, I don't think you motherfuckers, want to play with me (No way)
I got some bitches, that'll come through and spray for me (All day)
They'll do it nighttime, or broad day for me

[Verse 2: Nicki]
(Yeah!)
Cruised up in my Chevy, where my Henny', where my Remi'?
Boozed up in my Vicky, where my sticky, where my icky?
It's Nicki, y'all bitches want it with me? Come and get me
I'm tipsy, behind my mama's, only when I jetski
Tell 'em to stop (Why!?) Rounds we pop
My niggas playing the block, all around the clock
(Yeah, uh) I'm like Flex mami, (Word?), bound to drop
And with what I got, niggas bound to cop
Cause, you know I r-r-ride the beat
A bitch ain't even, g-g-got time to speak
Cause mami, I'm on my g-g-grind this week
My niggas up in a town, they won't hide the heat
Or they in the street, the nine's is out
(Ah hah)  Simon Says, (What?), eyes to mouth
In other words, watch what you do say
Before it's, uh-uh-off with ya kufi

(Hook)