[Hook]
Fuck that! Y'all ain't listen to the shit I say
Woke up today, pushed to edge y'all, and I ain't got time to play
So a nigga like (man fuck that!)
I ain't lyin', might be a riot in this motherfucker
I ain't no killer, I'm just tireder than a motherfucker
So I'm like..

I say no, you don't fuckin' know who you fuckin' with
Nigga no, you don't fuckin' know who you fuckin' with (man fuck that!)
Nigga no, you don't fuckin' know who you fuckin' with
I say no, you don't fuckin' know who you fuckin with, I say..

[Verse 1]
Yo, yo
I planned on quittin' this job from the day y'all hired me
I be talkin' shit, I don't give a fuck
I can't wait till the day y'all fire me
I'm a grown man, stop talkin' loud
What the fuck y'all talk about?
Fuck two weeks, it's been too long, goddamnit I'm walkin' out
So don't complain on my last day if I done tore some shit up
I felt this mornin', y'all lucky I ain't blow this bitch up
Shit..Go to work in my drawers, parking lot, like fuck 'em all
My boss used to say, "Oh, you so quiet"
Bitch, you ain't ever let me talk
I remember days I was sick as fuck and you ain't never let me off
I should'a robbed this bitch
Fuck around, be Vivica, then set it off
I be gone so fast, nigga like holy smokes
Fuck around, get the holy ghost
And you ain't gonna talk to me in any kind of way
I mean I'm tired, let me tell these folks
You should be glad as fuck that I'm leaving
Glad as fuck all y'all still breathing
I had a dream last night
That I busted in and pulled a Django on one of y'all meetings
Co-workers be fake as fuck, talkin' shit, just like me
The boss come in, y'all straighten up
Shit...Nigga we don't make enough, so..

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
I swear to God I'll punch heads, these niggas delirious
Ain't nothin I hate more than a fuck boy take they job too serious
These niggas be miserable, like every day
You ain't picked the right job
Nigga your full time is my night job
This my summer job, this your life job
I ain't gettin no rest, so I better get my respect
Cause you talking to me like you crazy, ain't worth gettin' this check
My boss said it bring down morale when I act that I ain't there
I said "it take more out of me to act like I fuckin' care"
So fuck this dumb shit, retarded shit, fuck the office politics
Y'all thinkin of ways to improve shit
While I'm thinkin' of ways to get out of this
Shit, I'm convinced we on different paths
There's different ways to keep gettin' cash
A dollar only got so much power and I'm too strong to be kissin' ass
Hold up, I say hold up. Maybe you confused, I don't give no fuck
I don't give no fuck, how did shit end up?
See, old folks used to tell me I'd probably need to say "fuck rap"
But I said, "fuck them, fuck you, fuck this", matter fact..

[Hook]

[Outro]
Yo, yo yo. so I'm like this
Fuck you, fuck this job, fuck that little weak ass check (man fuck that!)
Fuck waking up at motherfuckin' six thirty in the morning every morning
Tell them niggas on the way out, (man fuck that!)
Fuck you, fuck you, it's really fuck you
You aight, you cool, fuck you, I'm outta here
The People's Rapper, AVM, Blue City Club, we outta here man!