If I didn't snap my fingers, would you still love me?
Beef ain't full of 8-0-8, would you still bump me?
If I wrote every sixteen, like I was still hungry
And didn't rap about my chain, would you still want me?
When my flows make you think, do you hate my style?
For sayin' the sh*t I'm sayin', do you hate me now?
If I go against the grain, would you still like me?
Or would you hate me if I don't put on a white tee?
Sometimes I look in the mirror, and ask myself questions
Like do I gotta sell my soul, just to sell a record?
Do I forget about bad and good?
And talk about coke, and moving dope
Like it's the hope of the hood?
Would you love me if I sold you a gimmick?
If my music was based more on an image, and less on my lyrics?
Through can I form in everything we see?
Or would you simply love me just for being me?
Worrrrrrrrlllld, I got questions....
I got questions....
And it's about us....
(Hip Hop can I talk to you about us for a second?)
Worrrrrrrlllld (Ladies and gentlemen)
I got questions.... (Can I talk to ya'll about me yo?)
I got questions.... (That's all I wanna talk about)
And it's about us.... (Uh, you feel me right?)
(Verse 2)
Listen
Would you hate me if I be myself?
Or would you love me if I was suddenly someone else?
Listen
What if my music didn't follow trends?
Would you say that you love it and bump it in public in front of your friends?
What if I made the new shit that wasn't poppin' now?
Would you be scared to take a chance, or go against the crowd?
What if I didn't write simple rhymes?
Would you hate me for not rappin' about jewelry that you knew wasn't mine?
What if I wasn't a kingpin, before I got signed?
Just a, young n*gga who seen too much before his time
Would you love me if I went overboard?
Or would you be bored if my story became too similar to yours?
Uh, what if I shot n*ggas in every verse?
And you knew I never did it only spit it cuz it works
Through can I form in everything we see?
Or would you simply love me just for being me?
Since no one made the lyrics for Jon Connor's song 24 Questions from his album Everybody Hates Connor yet, just thought I'd make it. I know I didn't get every word, but I got the lyrics down