[Chorus: D Wayne]
Lately I've been hard to reach
I've been too long on my own
Everybody has a private world where they can be alone
Are you calling me? Are you trying to get through?
Are you reaching out to me? I'm reaching out to you

[Verse 1: Jon Connor]
It feel like I ain't got common sense
All the years trying to conquer this
Been on the grind so long, worked so hard
Still feel like I ain't accomplished shit
All the time I struggled, soul got humbled
Hard for me to take a compliment
'Cause I'm from Flint, when young people die
They say 25 is an accomplishment
When I turned 18, left my home
Packed my bags, said "I'm gone"
Mom wanted me to stay home
But I'll never be grown if I don't do this on my own
She had my back, gave her last
Even when all she had was scraps
Now I'm in Florida, don't know nobody
Got a clean slate gotta start from scratch
Oh Lord, how I land on my feet?
Ask K. Wills, I remember weeks
I was too proud to call home for money
So I toughed it out and I just ain't eat
Little cuz died, seen him in my dreams
Crying all night so I just ain't sleep
Probably needed therapy, but it cost too much
So I told K. Wills, "Play that beat"

[Chorus: D Wayne]
Lately I've been hard to reach
I've been too long on my own
Everybody has a private world where they can be alone
Are you calling me? Are you trying to get through?
Are you reaching out to me? I'm reaching out to you

[Collision]
For my people that know what it's like to be a starving artist. I mean literally starving every night trying to live your dream. I know shit gets hard sometimes, but it's gon' be aight. You gotta brush yourself off and keep going. And you ain't just gotta be a rapper, I don't care whether you're a singer or actor or actress, whether you tryna be in sports. Do what you gotta do, just keep going. It's going to come to you

[Verse 2]
Some of ya'll motherfuckers got the nerve
To sit and talk about what I deserve
When I used to take twenty-six [?] grey-hound
[?] passing out my shit just to get heard
Yes ya'll, really think this shit is too easy?
Think about this when you see me:
Before this I burned five thousand CDs
By myself with one PC
And maybe that don't mean shit to you
But I know what that meant to me
That mentally, I would not stop
Till I got everything that was meant for me
Promoters jerked me, I ain't get mad
Put me on first when I shoulda went last
Fuck these niggas, needed to record
Paid for equipment with money I ain't had
I was in the hood just minding my business
Rappers ain't like me, I was too different
It's Fli-City, y'all 'ready gotta dodge bullets
Now on top of that I guess I gotta dodge disses
Guess you could say I was just prepared
Or you could say that I just ain't care
I ain't gotta diss ya'll back
It's that mentality that's gonna keep y'all there

[Chorus: D Wayne]
Lately I've been hard to reach
I've been too long on my own
Everybody has a private world where they can be alone
Are you calling me? Are you trying to get through?
Are you reaching out to me? I'm reaching out to you

[Collision]
To my dreamers: There's gon' be people that doubt you, there's gon' be people that try to stop you. I always used to say to myself, "Success is gonna be my revenge". That's what you gotta do. If somebody hate on you don't feed into it. Hate only begets more hate you feel me? Just stay focused and on your grind. Don't let nobody tell you what you've been through. You tell them what you've been through. Nas told me that

[Verse 3]
Born premature coulda died right then
Hit by a car, could have died when I was ten
Then a car crashed when I was twelve
Car flipped twice, thought I saw my end
God coulda took me again and again
We all gon' go, but we don't know when
Life is a gift so while I'm here
I won't break and I won't bend
No, I ain't the first one in Sunday service
But He know my heart so I ain't nervous
I know that life does have a purpose
And it's about more than what I purchase
We all working, ain't nobody perfect
End of the day, I'm just a person
I found my purpose so I'm gon' serve it
That's why I spread love in all my verses
Logged into Facebook just last night
A young man said he wanted to take his life
Replied to the message right then onsite
And asked was he cool and was he alright
He said, yeah, what made him fight
A Jon Connor song that he played that night
So fuck all the money and all the hype
That right there is the reason I write
So, to all you goody two-shoes
With your big words and your new shoes
And your new suits, what do you do?
Besides criticize, and that benefits who?
So, instead of just using me
How about really helping the community?
Poverty is the real issue and that right there
Is way bigger than you and me

[Chorus: D Wayne]
Lately I've been hard to reach
I've been too long on my own
Everybody has a private world where they can be alone
Are you calling me? Are you trying to get through?
Are you reaching out to me? I'm reaching out to you

[Collision]
And to the people that talk like they're holier than thou, and talk down on people like they do no wrong, ain't nobody perfect, that includes you, you feel me? Talking down to people ain't never helped nobody, I know this song right here is helping somebody out more than you ever could. What's your motive? I do what I do to help people. Do the right thing 'cause it's the right thing to do. Don't do the right thing because you want somebody to praise you for it later
'Cause sometimes the right thing goes without praise, and I accept that. I'm outta here