[Intro]
Yeah!
Just look at it like this
I'm the people's rapper, so if I did it, we did it!
I mean what'd y'all expect, I'd been a couple more places, I'd seen some shit
Haters hate hard, but damn! At least be good at that!
I need that love, baby! Fuck y'all!

[Verse 1]
I came into this world like fuck it, world love me like we fucking
I'm from where we hear shots, every day so I ain't ducking
Flow sick, so sick, I give you more than you can stomach
I do this for all the days that I was balling on a budget
Now I'm living for the minute, I'm a giant to these bitches
I'm the truth, fuck around while you relying on these niggas
Look, it got me thinking - Shit, who signing all these niggas
Get your fifty minutes of fame, I'm timing all you niggas
Used to dream about Hollywood, now I'm California dreaming
With a bad bitch who coming back if the night is good
Hop out of the Escalade, thinking where my niggas at
Probably where the bitches at, probably should have figured that
Shit, I'm from the bottom so all these other rappers
I don't give a fuck about them, 'cause I'm coming at they collar
I know they got a problem with what's coming out my noggin
But de nada, I got the green light so I ain't stopping

[Hook]
'Cause every day, I live this way
I've been grinding too long to let you niggas hate
I'm feeling good, I'm throwing it at these nigga's face
I'm saying "How'd I get this way"
'Cause you live once (Nigga you only live once)
You only live once! (Nigga you only live once, nigga)
You only live once! (You live once, nigga)
You only live once! (Nigga, you only live once, nigga!)
Let's go!
It's every day, I live this way
I've been grinding too long to let you niggas hate
I'm feeling good, I'm throwing it at these nigga's face
I'm saying "How'd I get this way"
'Cause you live once (Nigga you only live once)
You only live once! (Nigga you only live once, nigga)
You only live once! (You live once, nigga)
You only live once! (Nigga, you only live once, nigga!)

[Verse 2]
Don't touch me with the spitting shit
I've been the shit, you niggas in and out the ends like I invented it
Niggas limited, my drive don't know what the speed limit is
Niggas on my dick acting feminine 'cause I'm getting it
Fli city, gave my city an identity
You sick? I got the remedy. Now they can't get rid of me
I'm trying to save you niggas like I'm Martin Luther, Kennedy
I'm a motherfucker, niggas thinking they kin to me
Me versus whoever, wouldn't wish that on my enemies
So I just keep it moving, haters get none of my energy
Grind all the time, we just doing what you don't do
Now we getting money like with mothafucking (su)'possed to
Hollywood dawn nigga, Jon keep 'em guessing
And I can put you on and get you gone in my session
Why you niggas lying about your drugs and your weapons?
You can have all that, my plane leave in a second