My ..has been out rapper man
Your p**sy here .. can’t ..
Pimpin just .. of jeans just like ..
Women will be .. they can’t handle ..
They see .. see the chat he stand this
Night speak night hear night ..
Come and chat he’s pimpin baby ..
After several lane made this ..
She happen now cocktail have the hour
I’ve lost the ..that ass yeah she lost for power
Got a little .. dressed with the flowers
Sipping Sockey in the glass ..hours
Is it national clear with the passport
And life was moving slow so i hit the ..
She want some pimpin out she’d doing .. forward
And he’s here doing 60 on the damn ..

Hook:
I’m fresh i’ve been at the ..feeelin like i’m a million , a million
I’m flyin the touching the .. touching the ceiling, the ceiling
Feelin like yeah yeah yeah yeah
Yeah yeah yeah yeah
Come and run with me ..good way
Ra ra ar ra ra
Sunny day with the perfect ring at the whip cloud
The invitation just can’t take it they ..
..down me ‘cause they saw me down me
I’m the quick .. found me
Smoke the best good sex how my life sound me
Rock the shows or the hoes had house clouded
Burning .. setting flow VIP ..
Man we’re kicking like we’re livin ..
.. i’m smoking ..drag in ..your man should say enver had it
F*ck a bad si make a nigga .. i track it
..jagg it ..too plastic ...
Seated what but i .. see in my ..
..game ..

[Hook:]
So what you like is it right light on you every night
Waking up the room service right before we catch a flight
Is it going to the mall and I’m thinking by the fight
Is it one in a lifetime ..
She ask me what i’m doing in here as if i wasn’t ..
Because of you i got a woody like in episode it cheer
How i came with the .. make your nigga disappear
I’m a .. with this game word ..Dj Premier
I make it key as if she’s bay
I had a .. as if she the type ..make you scrape the play
..now she’s late put a hundred sleep i’m the man of her dreams
Your hoe is falling in love end it fly ..is landed
Girl i’m out this world f*ck cities we plan plan it
She know that i’m ..

[Hook:]