[Intro: Jon Connor & DJ Don Cannon]
The more people sleep on me, I exist
Hit the studio and make more shit (Cannon)
Instead of just getting pissed or quit
Or throw a fit I tell them all
Suck a dick
I'm doing this for Michigan (The Cannon Michigan you ready?!)
[?] Oh how I love you so (Hahaha)
My last mixtape was only two months ago
So now they see
Nobody can fuck with me
So don't try to keep up with me

[Bridge: Jon Connor & DJ Don Cannon]
Yo Cannon lets do it (I'm ready, step back)
Yeah, if you listening to this right now
It must mean it's my motherfucking birthday (Talk that shit)
Yeah and this is my gift to you (The Cannon)
Shoutout to [?] what's happening?
It's your nigga J Free (Don Cannon)
Shout to [?]
All y'all let a monster let loose on the world (The Cannon)

[Verse 1: Jon Connor]
Am I insane or a genius? I think I live on the border
My brain is cluttered, my thoughts need to be sorted by hoarders
Niggas on bullshit, word to the horn of a tourists
I torment the doorman, my buzzard's swarming without a warning (x2)
I deserve this, for all of this working
Fuck that, I deserve to see Kim Kardashian shirtless in person
Nowadays, I could fuck two sluts, bust two nuts, and think about the days I used to lie and tell hoes I only needed two pumps
That too much? Well let me use that time to bring proof up
My shit is too dope I encourage you to shoot up
Wait where my pen? "Here I am"
This lyrical heroine
Niggas shoot off at the mouth like they mouth was the barrel when
Hoes if you love me then, fuck me then
While you weak niggas on the other end, fucking with a chubby friend
My run will be the closest to Biggie, Pac, and Pun again
So when I rhyme I do this for each and everyone of them
I'm so sick and tired of this youtube shit
I fall off a ladder and get a million of youtube hits
So how the fuck is that the way companies choose music?
That's just a way for them to sit on their ass and not do shit
That's why this shit don't improve
Because you so stuck on the views
Tell them to do what they do, they get on a stage and get boo'd
I will not be taking critique from a dude in a suit
Bombing on niggas get nuked
Stand in my way and then BOOM
My lines is limitless
Screaming "fuck you niggas!" like a feminist
I figured that when I be feeling this feeling my pen will be ending your privileges
Cinema shit, niggas are actors, Imma just send you a script
But I'm from Flint
Niggas will just shoot you
Hell yeah they'll send you a clip
Don't be a target or dead artist
Because in Flint, blood on the floor is the closest we'll ever get to a red carpet
Think you fly? But I see the nervousness
I'm causing turbulence when I murder shit
Hoes give me the cat like Eartha Kitt
From birth of this, beef get shredded up
Ain't letting up, headed up
"Yeah he a competitor, yup he get better and better"
That's word to my varsity letting y'all niggas be acting funny
No I don't rap for money but I'm going to be rich as fuck
Because my mind stay attracted to money
That was a gem but if people trying to get paid
Because I stay dropping jewels more diamonds than Dallas Page
I'm gone

[Outro: Jon Connor & DJ Don Cannon]
That's how you start a motherfucking mixtape! (You already know)
Best in the world!
The People's Rapper LP
For Michigan. My home sweet home
This is the People's Rapper
Cannon
All Varsity Music
We back
You wasn't expecting us so soon
I'm sorry, maybe I should've called first
Salute to Eminem (Cannon, step back)
Sign me