[Intro]
Damn, already?
Yeah!
Go get Season 2!

[Verse 1]
Look who's back to recoup his style
Punchlines, hit em up now they got bruises (ow!)
You a son of a bitch, so your dad won't flinch when he hear he gon' lose his child
Oh no no, niggas ain't talk that shit, now they woke me up, and their flow so wack
Gotta soak me up, they be talking that ho shit, that'll get a ho beat up
Welcome to hell, said it was gon' heat up, my dirty mouth make me filthy rich
Why the fuck would I want to clean up? I'm a star on the track, nigga beam me up
Who gon' debate this that I'm one of the greatest?
How did these new niggas went from the hood straight to the A list?
And they tryin' to play favorites, thats when they scared to play this
I am hip-hop, and they can't take this, niggas can't take this
Bitches shake from the top of their heads, to their anklets
Back to their friendship bracelets
I'm an artist, they ask "Why would I paint this?"
Cause I gotta show y'all what pain is
Been broke so long, goddamn can a nigga get to make em see?
Talents been abandoned for so long, now we demand it
If you wish a nigga would, I will grant it
I'm the motherfuckin' Dark Knight on a pale horse
If the rap game try to sell short, wanna to see if I sell out?
Y'all gon' see me in hell first
Sick when I make hits, I'm Derek Jeter with a fever
Now them lights is flashin' on me
Warning: You might have a seizure
I'm the feature presentation with the flow thats gon' ease the nation
I am on the right track, y'all won't even leave the station
Allow me to speed back up, y'all gotta need to back up
Me vs. y'all, that don't even add up
Tell ??? he can ??? to speed back up
Seth, tell these niggas I'm not just a rapper
I'm a Velociraptor, thats about to bring the rapture
Run a little faster, before you get captured
Oh lord, now I gotta send them home
Sorry I'm in my zone, the young prince in this bitch, like abalone, kiss the toe
Y'all don't scare me, so when they try to compare me
Imma ex y'all out, till I stress y'all out, y'all niggas hoes
And I do expose my flows, make the roof fall out
So take it from me, my spot, you won't take it from me
A easy target for anyone aiming at me
Don't point the finger when niggas careers is deceased
I came in the game humble and all I wanted was peace

[Outro]
Peace!
Yeah! The whole purpose of this freestyle
Is to say: go download Season 2 right now
And y'all know how we do, this is for the people
To say thank you to everybody who went and got it the second it came out
Much love
Season 2 starring The People's Rapper, me, Jon Connor
Co-starring all of Varsity Music
Blue City Club, Cash Swift, Brandon Bars, D. Wayne, Lia Mack
The Real Slacker, Josh Hallamen, Micky Wallace
Ski-Town what up baby?
Yeah!
Kobe what up nigga?
Maserati Rick, Playboy JP, Killaz nigga, The World's Greatest Music
Bangman, Optiks, K. Thrills, what up?
Nigga we don't wanna sound like nobody, nigga we wanna sound like us
Nigga we doin' just fine
Everything we do is strategic nigga
Season 2 dropped y'all thought it was over, it ain't ever over nigga! (haha)
Yo, I do it for the people, yeah!
Follow me on @JonConnorMusic
Ay, Imma get the fuck up outta here, I just like talkin' over this beat
This beat hard as hell, (haha) yeah!
Michigan shit nigga
We gon'
Blue City Club (You know!)
I had to..
But for real, go download Season 2 now!