[Intro: Jill Scott]
For the love of money
For the love of money
For the love of money

[Bridge]
It's beautiful outside
Looks like it's raining money, mane
It's beautiful outside
Looks like it's raining money, mane

[Verse 1: Jon Connor]
Say "What's up"
To the broke nigga at the rich party (Woo!)
Who the fuck let this nigga in?
Do it look like I give a fuck? Sorry (Yeah!)
Looking at these hoes
And they gold digger gorgeous tryna get me (Woo!)
I run game on a bitch
And one Mississippi, two Mississippi (Yeah!)
Flint nigga in the spot
'til they pop one and the cops come like (Woo!)
Mothafuckas own a shotgun
Like a pop gun and they ready like (Yeah!)
Civic good nigga
I'm a Northside nigga 'til I'm gone (Woo!)
Do it for the ones in the hood
Like Connor gon' put the city on (Wait!)
Fuck that shit, nigga, fuck that shit, go
Live for my hood, look this for my block
Ride for the hood, gotta spit it like Pac
I ain't got shit but I still feel good
Nigga can't take what a nigga don't got
Go hard in the paint, you can tell 'em post up
Homie in the hood like "Let me hold something"
Your mans in the hood talking all that shit
When they ran up on him lil' buddy froze up
All they be talkin' but ain't saying nothing
Niggas be talking that ain't what they want
Ain't no fake shit around here
Cause my nigga my city is really as real as the fuck
I be killing this shit, I ain't giving a fuck
You laugh at a bitch, she get hid in the trunk
You think this sound crazy, that's how I grew up
So this for my people who still in the cut

[Hook: Jill Scott]
Want that, need that
Root of all evil, mane, oh (get it, get it, I said)
I want that, need that
Root of all evil, mane, oh

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre]
Say "What's up" to the nigga
Wearing all black at the white party (Woo!)
And I'm looking like I don't give a fuck
That's just how I get down nigga, sorry (Yeah!)
And I'm looking like I don't play no games
Nah, nigga don't try me (Woo!)
Been that nigga that's spitting that
Paid dues like a motherfuckin' hobby (Yeah!)
If you're on that bullshit nigga
Better fly that shit right by me (Woo!)
Came from the bottom of this bitch
And made it out of that shit and that's why we (Yeah!)
On top of this motherfuckin' world
Damn, look at that body (Woo!)
She come along with the territories
Turn around, move it for me (Yeah!)
Bend it over, end of story

[Break: Dr. Dre & Anderson .Paak]
Seems like chasing paper's what's important to you
Got a relationship with that money
But that bitch will never be faithful to you
Even though I know she knows she crazy
Please just let it go, seize, no saving you
Ride, ride 'til the motherfuckin' wheels fall off in this bitch
But we can do it for the love
But I'm never stopping my poppin'
These numbers don't lie, but your love is superficial
It's the simple shit you need to pay attention to

[Hook: Jill Scott]
Want that, need that
Root of all evil, mane, oh (get it, get, I said)
I want that, need that
Root of all evil, mane, oh

[Bridge: Jill Scott]
It's beautiful outside
Looks like it's raining money, mane
It's beautiful outside
Looks like it's raining money, mane

[Outro: Jill Scott]
Want that, need that
Root of all evil, mane, oh (get it, get, I said)
I want that, need that
Root of all evil, mane