[News Speaker]
"Whenever they put it on TV they call it the 'Flint Water Crisis'. It's not just simply a water crisis, it's a crisis created. This is not a natural disaster, this is not a mistake. The water infrastructure of the city has been destroyed. The risk of lives of the people here in the city - that is majority of African-American, where 41% live below the official poverty line. When they knew the truth, that this water was poisoned, they chose to keep it quiet. They knew that the people here do not have the political power to do anything."

[Verse 1]
Look
They want me to talk about these fake crimes and these hate crimes
How the fuck i'm supposed to care about oversee's when localy
Everybody in my city and state dying
They wanna act like it ain't happening
Or like I'm just rapping
Like Ima watch ya'll kill my city and you wasn't going to get a reaction
Fuck no!
Every time I go visit for Christmas
It seems like it's more houses is missing
It look like it's more houses that's boarded
Oh and I'm supposed to not say shit 'bout the fact there's poison all in our water, it look like population control, but they don't give a fuck, well that's how I call it
Fuck no!
My city been fucked up for a long time
Where we draw the line
It's like they've been saying fuck us for a long time
More kids go to jail than to colleges, they act like they don't see what the problem is
Shit if we resilient then reality is every day we was living like hostages
For you this a topic on Twitter
For me listen this where my momma is
It's like an experiment on us to see if we fit or to see where the bottom is
Uncle ain't probably going to like the language
But I'm tired of feeling like human life no matter would rip you famous
I speak for the people
You niggas happy I made it
It ain't about races
They make it seem so complicated
When the  water is killing our babies
The message you sending is killing our spirit
You saying we needing more saving
My pop go 40 years and they shot my momma for 30 years
And that shot made you turn your head like ya'll forgot
Now It's like we don't matter (like we don't matter)
Shit just got bad
I'm trying to restore the faith in my past
Shiiiit
And they wonder why, they wonder why we rebel
We ain't never lived a fairytale
We feel like somebody help us, God help us or we finna give them Hell

[Hook: Keke Palmer]
Woke up out of my sleep last night
Trying to figure out where we went wrong
They testing my faith right now
All I know is I gotta hold on
What I say we ain't doing
I'm going to get up
We just gotta be, we just gotta be strong
And I am getting, I am getting
Gotta keep my head up
Til The pain is gone

[Outro: News Speaker]
Flint residents stormed the state capital this week after learning their drinking water was contaminated with lead, the corrosive water stripped lead from pipes and children in the city were found with high levels of lead in their blood. Now, health officials are investigating a spike in Legionnaires disease. There have been 87 cases of the Pneumonia-like disease since the water switch and 10 people have died