[Intro: Dr. Dre]
Yeah, this is Dr. Dre
And this is the next Aftermath representative, Jon Connor!
The album is 'Vehicle City'
Aftermath
This some 2018 shit
So Jon, won't you step up and show 'em just a little bit of what the fuck you do
Come on, let's get 'em

[Verse 1: Jon Connor]
Look, this year’s election was trash, so I need therapy bad
These rappers is gassed, these rappers is actors and this movie terribly cast
I’m finna kill it
Compare this track to a strap and a mask
This sound like an old shotty
A blast from the past *Gun Shots*
Yea that’s yo ass
I ain’t feeling you niggas
That shit ain’t appealing to me or the city I live in
We really don’t feel it
Cause you could be nice with the lyrics but ain’t got that real nigga feeling
Now real niggas feel this
Fuck opinions, fuck ya niggas
Stay in a hater mouth I should become a dentist
I’m the blemish on ya finish when you think you riding fly
You want it then come and get it
I’ll admit it, couldn’t go another minute
Hearing all the shit that niggas try to mimic
So I’m bout to try to Royce and Eminem it
Til I kill it, homicide on anybody siding with it
I am Richard Pryor fire, lighter to a diaper, hot shit
I get excited by the shit that you liking
Cause you sounding worse than the niggas you biting
Fuck all you niggas, I’m second to none
It’s my time now and every second to come
Scary, cause I’ma keep spitting cemeteries until I’m in lyrical heaven with Pun
None of you niggas is scaring me none
You know where the fuck that I’m from
The city where houses get raided you know how we play it
Tell granny to bury the gun
Real nigga that’ll flip words
With you niggas it be just words
Tell em it a benefit em if I get em in a diss first
Cause Imma make a Mother Fucker hot if I diss you in this verse
Nah, it’s feeling like you niggas just cursed
You and my girl need to switch skirts
Fuck the world til my dick hurts
God Damn, this shit a make a nun miss church
In my hood, the big niggas debo’ing debo
Matt Hardy you niggas, delete em, delete em
They waiting for me to come speak for the people
The fiends on my street they compete for a needle
Midwest fucking with me from here to Toledo
Ain’t sleeping til all of my people is eating
Cause back in the day all they knew how to feed us
Was funyuns and cheetos, doritos and fritos
Feeding my ego, these hoes, I back seat of my jeep em, I never mislead em
My daddy told me it was cheaper to keep em
Fuck a bitch, fuck tricking, I don’t even retweet em
Nice, this is lord steven regal against ricky steamboat
Snitches get stitches, in my hood they end up in ditches
Oh you don’t believe em? Ever seen Joe Pesci at the end of Casino?
Oh, they take pride in that, no sympathy for nobody who ain’t in line
Catch a body and they fine with that
How I feel? To the major labels, everybody yall sign is wack
Remind me that, when I react, the time we at, pussy niggas, copycats
Copy raps, I will not be that, I’m yall ass 24/7, *10/4* copy that

[Interlude: Dr. Dre]
Aftermath in this bitch nigga, what you gon’ do about it huh? Nothing. Yea, nigga what?
Aww shit, Kill em Jon!

[Verse 2: Jon Connor & Dr. Dre]
Look, I could do this for days
Tell em to fix they face
Tell em I kill it Until it’s feeling like its a grave
Look at the shit you play
Look at the shit they say
Schooling you niggas and you can tell em I skipped a grade
Tell em I did for everybody that wanted to listen to rap again but disengaged
Wait...
Hold up, You tired nigga?
Real niggas, and my bad bitches make some noise all the fuck niggas stay quiet
Point em out, if you see em, if you see em point em out, I’m feeling like I’m bout to start a riot
I was hoping and hoping the flow would just open the door, I was broke
I was poor, I was low, I don’t know where to go, wanna blow
But at home, they like gone and put on, get it on for the throne nigga
I’m back in a rage, like I’m black and it’s back in the days
When we use to have to sit in the back in the bus, like fuck
Til Rosa Parks said shit I’m tired as a slave
Everybody looking at me thinking what I’m bout to do
Well let me think about it, Dre done put me in position
Competition kinda getting soft
Well I’ma get it while I’m in it
Did it better than you would have ever thought
No I don’t compromise
This Flint and them Compton guys
Back to monopolize, anything that we want
So going to war with us is not advised, nigga

[Outro: Jon Connor]
Sav
Mo Cleaves
Dre, what up nigga?!
Vehicle City
Yea, shout to Remy and Lil Kim
Y’all did that