[Chorus: Jon Connor]
Lord give me the strength to let these niggas go
Lord bear with me, shit, I gotta let these niggas know
Lord give me the strength to let these niggas slow
Lord, I need a hundred million while I'm still alive

Niggas can't fuck with me, can't fuck with me, can't fuck with me, oh no. (x4)

[Verse 1: Jon Connor]
Nigga it's my time. If it's not, just give it a minute
Giving niggas more lyrics to go and try to mimic
Wait, quit on that dick riding
Why I need somebody on my nuts when all my bitches go and get it, get it?
This shit too easy, it's like taking candy from a midget
I meant it when I said that I'ma kill it. I'ma do it
If they don't let me go then I'ma rip it off the hinges
Goddamn, did you niggas not learn when you felt the fire, did you not burn?
I'm a motherfucker, you my son. I gotta have it, all of my sperm
Let you niggas shine, now it's my turn
I need a bad bitch sandwich. Make it that ASAP
Got a little stallion, lookin like she fresh up on the racetrack
Look at where her face at, nigga
Steady boy, when he in the club really be a needle in the haystack. Huh?
Now a nigga headed to the coast, watch clash when a nigga get ghost
You nigga doin the most
Catch you said you on fire right? Well watch this motherfucker get roast
Flip niggas shit, y'all already know what it is
Three illest niggas in the biz
No room, homie don't want that. Boat hoes in this bitch

Lord give me the strength to let these niggas go
Lord bear with me, shit, I gotta let these niggas know
Lord give me the strength to let these niggas slow
Lord, I need a hundred million while I'm still alive

Niggas can't fuck with me, can't fuck with me, can't fuck with me, oh no. (x4)

[Verse 2: Willie Da Kid]
Bear with me. Lord I'm a sinner
Send a few shots for these niggas
Niggas better know what they don't know
It's gone rule as a motherfucker
Fuck niggas, no. I don't know no niggas. Oh yeah, that's that Michigan shit. Hit the club lookin for a bad bitch, bring a friend. Babygirl you can both get hit. Should have known you would like me. Get money, get fly, get bitches, I'm gone. Catch a flight right back to the south, house might scar but shit I'm on. Fuck a nigga from the fly city on Detroit city in the motherfuckin deli. Got me stackin all K's through the home, nigga put em up to the ceiling

We drinkin liquor smokin weed who wanna hang? Lord forgive us, all my niggas, we just tryin to do our thing. Steal money thing through Michigan, all money spitters. If you got a dollar you can come and get with us. Feelin like you can't even come get us. Got some money but we can't take it with us

Lord give me the strength to let these niggas go. Lord bear with me, shit, I gotta let these niggas know. Lord give me the strength to let these niggas slow. Lord, I need a hundred million while I'm still alive

Niggas can't fuck with me, can't fuck with me, can't fuck with me, oh no. (x4)