[Verse 1]
Yah
Fuck it, I'm hungry, but I ain't bitin' my tougue
So as far as my pride, I ain't swallowin' none
Stubborn, I'm stuck in my habit, it's like the life of a nun
Like suidcide and I'm choosin' between this knife or this gun
Either way, "I was fucked," that's what they always told me
At the bottom you broke and at the top it get lonely
I ain't sleepin' for days cause of this dream that I have
I'm livin' on niggas couches, gave everything thing that I had
Bein' real ain't easy cause if it was it could rest more
I'm from Flint I get hated by niggas I'm tryin' rep for
Death to the motherfuckin' soul of you haters
You can hate on me now, ya'll be thanking me later
I wear my city like this A Squad tat on my arm
Fli City, what up! Michigan til I'm gone
My paps left when I was twelve, I'm used to being alone
But this shit made me strong so thank God he was gone
So now it's...

[Chorus]
(Do you love me now!) x2

[Verse 2: Jon Connor]
I'm from the hood where broke niggas killin' broke niggas
Ya'll ain't gon' be happy til there ain't no moe niggas
Was a po' nigga, now I'm doin' rich nigga shit
All my life, I was thinkin' how a rich think
Ya'll mad when other races call us, "nigga"
My homie, Miney, died, a black man was his killa
Meanin' the complexion was the same as mine behind that trigga
So a word has no power except for what we give it
On this earth, we destroy for the slightest difference
Shit, I'ma fuck around and start my own religion
Cause I ain't been to heaven yet so I don't know who wrong
The affect is death so I can't condone whoever dropped the bomb
Look
Between the box-views on Fox News
And the bullshit that the cops do
Ya'll wonder how I got apostles
I ain't the only one to feel hostile
As long as air's in my nostrils
I'ma speak for all of my peeps
Whether you black, white
Or you candy-striped
Let's go, get on your feet
Talk to me now
[Voice]
My thing is this, I want us to continue getting money for the next fifteen years instead of fallin' off cause we're not putting no social commentaries into the rap

[Chorus]
(Do you love me now!) x3

[Verse 3]
Yeah
If I'm in your line of sight, I shine so bright that they can't see no mo'
If you don't live for somethin', what you breathin' fo'
We all put on this earth for reasons we don't even know
I knew I was the one, even when the odds ain't even know
Blessin's in they face but niggas too blind to receive it though
Fall and get back up, it ain't the end, just wasn't your season, bro
Hard pill to swallow but falling short make you need it mo'
Go through hell to get to heaven, yeah, that seems reasonable
The closest people to me ain't here no mo', that's why I can't stop
James told me I was gon' make it, and he ain't here to watch
Right before the crash, Jack said, "Give it everything you got,"
Mrs. Warber said, "Never pretend you somethin' that you not,"
Monty believed in me more than himself, and then he got shot
So they live through me, through these rhymes until my casket drop
So to the critics and my haters, ya'll can see it in my eyes
That I ain't ever gon' die, so suck my dick til you get the prize
Tell me
[Chrous]
Do you love me now
Do you love me now
[Voice]
Here's what I think needs to be done, man. C'mon man, at the end of these records we listen to, we don't get nothing out of 'em no mo'. We don't get no social commentaries, we don't get no kind of knowledge out these records. Everybody just talkin' about how many chains they got on and how much dope they sold. But the truth of the matter is, I don't believe you. Then these kids out here, listenin' to us, and lookin' up to us cause a lot of them don't have no father figure in their house. And every record you get on, you lying 'bout some dope. Cause if you gon' talk about squares and talk about the drug game, you need to talk about the bad side of the drug game too. What about when you get busted and go to jail? What about when your mama and your wife and your kids is cryin' cause, cause they at home and you in prison in a cell? What about that part of the dope game? Everybody's talkin' about how many cars and how many jewels they gon' buy, and how many squares comin' off, but ain't nobody talkin' bout the other side of. So if you gon' talk about that, you got to talk bout both sides. Well, guess what. I'm takin' a stance against the powers, I'm takin' a stance against the lie, and I'm tellin' you we need to stop doin' all this old negative stuff. We need to stop promotin' the wrong thing