[Hook]
To my girls on the block, to my girls in the spot
With their legs out, I can make 'em say Hey!
To my niggas in the spot, to my niggas on the block
In the trap house, I can make 'em say Hey! (Hey!)
I can make 'em say Hey! (Hey!) I can make 'em say Hey! (Hey!)
I can make 'em say Hey! (Hey!) I can make 'em say...

[Verse 1]
I'm back with a vengeance, this's one hell of an entrance
With the persistence of a Jehovah's Witness
Picture this, my thoughts turned to visions
My smart mouth done turned into brilliance
Smell me? I see niggas with their nose up
Fly City nigga, now the world know us
Superstar shit
Flawless, like I don't know what a flaw is
Through all this I can see why niggas hate me
Look; I say I'm fly, you say I'm over-the-top; Same thing
Like my flow got a head start, you playing catch-up
Y'all don't even look the part, you playing dress-up
Get your fresh up
Now I don't mess up
I'm the next up, no pressure
Outgun y'all, Steve Nash, I'll son y'all
Yes, it's just begun! (Come on!)

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
I ain't one of these rap niggas, these wack niggas
You hear the difference? I spit scripture, my niggas'd die for their religion
The young god is so squall, can't take it out of him
I'm not God, but I will shock the hell out of them
Y'all been asking "What happen to passion?"
On the mic I'm something like Joe Jackson
Fresh to death, feel like I'm living my past life
Ahead of my time, feel like I'm living my dad's life
This ain't image, this is vintage
Real shit for anybody who missed it
Y'all niggas fly by night, I prolly missed it
Modern Saint Nicholas, damn it, I'm gifted
See, I'mma show you what it is when you give a fuck
The bullshit gotta die so I could live it up
Flow crazy, the hood say "This nigga nuts!"
Go admit it, I'm the nigga and I'm killing it! (What!)

[Hook]

[Bridge]
Here with a purpose, Kurt hinted closest thing to perfect
Ain't move work but I put work in
You in the cold and your shirt thin
I will be that nigga for as long as the Earth spin
I see you lil' niggas got the game wrong
Sign the first thing they let you put your name on
Fucked up, don't know who to put the blame on
You average, my flow fantastic, "Flame On!"

[Verse 3]
Y'all losing
I do this in my sleep, right now, what you hearing is me snoozing
Silver stones in the watch, niggas clueless
I talk big money, fuck you and your two cents
Ho-looking-ass nigga, don't-spit-shit-just-looking-ass nigga
Untouchable, you can't bruise him
When the chorus hit, watch how I make 'em lose it!

[Hook]
(To my girls on the block, to my girls in the spot
With their legs out, I can make 'em say Hey!)