[Intro]
This what real motherfuckers wake up to, right?
Yeah … yeah… Let's go…
I feel that shit in my soul, just turn that shit all the way up… yeah

[Verse 1]
Yo, I'mma keep beatin beats long as Optiks keep feeding me
Niggas can't see me you see they tryin to take a peek
Niggas can't stand me you see they dyin to take a seat
Niggas is pissed and I'm just trying to take a leak
Connor's an epidemic, you see I hate or lynch 'em
You tryna hang with victim then watch me make a killin
I'm from a city where we can't even make a living
Now picture this I'm in the position to make a million
I ain't from oh shit so I ain't takin yo shit
I'm the realest nigga alive ain't takin no shit
I tell the whole truth so it ain't no questions after
From where the real drug dealers ain't no fucking rappers
When I say real I mean staying true to who I was
Look at my past and see exactly who you knew I was
I know exactly who I am and you can't take that from me
Oh shit It's gon' get ugly fuck it I'mma make you love me… c'mon

[Hook]
Hey hey hey hey my posse going strong saying
Hey hey hey hey I got it going on screaming
Hey hey hey hey my posse going strong saying
Hey hey hey hey we got it going on screaming

[Verse 2]
Ok, there might be, a problem, that fake shit, I'm not it
That hotness, that real shit, you want that, I got it
I know y'all glad to see me it's been a fucking drought
Can't believe these rappers and the dumb shit that come out they mouth
My shit is dope, it's not? you must never been high before
Think killin' is cool? you must ain't had no niggas die before
Ever seen a nigga die? (I have) seen a nigga lose his life? (i have)
Yeah that shit is wack as fuck that's the reason why I'm mad
Told my nigga in the hood he like "i don't give a fuck"
Fine, let's just all just shoot each other up
The radio's saying we should either go and bust a gun or bust a nut
So take me on a drive-by to my girl's crib before I fuck
What the hell is going on? Marvin I'm getting scared with you
I'mma yell this shit until I'm there with you
Might be blowing my one shot going against the grain but fuck it
Cuz I'mma make ya love me make ya love me make ya love me screaming:

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
My flow, put people at ease like a breeze when it's ninety degrees
The game so full of bullshit that it's up to my knees
I'm bout to take it to a level you wouldn't believe
I go hard, should have knew that from fuckin' with Cleaves
Went to private school so hood niggas say I ain't hood enough
Raised in the hood so critics act like I ain't good enough
Uppity niggas hear me cuss and all they hear is ignorance
Been hated on my all my life so ask me if I give a shit
I'm a real nigga, fuck that, I'm a rare nigga
Cuz the class I'm in there ain't nobody else there nigga
Guess I'm just a different breed, live by a different creed
Persecuted for my deeds and still do this shit for Breed
Scuse my language when I write about it but
Life in Flint will make you vent So forgive me If I ain't so nice about it
Jon Connor: People's rapper, y'all can put that on my grave
Ready for that real shit? Oh, let me count the ways!

[Hook]

[Outro]
Screaming (x3)
My posse going strong screaming
I swear this shit like therapy man