Shotgun!
My homie said don’t blame Barack for all your problems, player
Try to point the finger though, daddy, mommy, wifey, …
Anybody clip this mirror, and will probably see it clearer
If I didn’t see truth or … who gonna hear you
Where’s the, preparation, preparation ammo time
Just got the brand new shotgun
Learning intend to find, ain’t just gonna stand in line
For the child getting thin
Ain’t gon' now pledge allegiance to your flag, I ain't gon bow…how you making millions for your campaign
For children not a damn thang…
While mamas… menace to …
On that ground black, avoiding the damn track
Suicide rounds with the sounds around that
For the warriors who fall this is higher learning y’all
Fire burning, fuck them all

Today, I’ma grab my shotgun
Do not try to stop me, cause somedays
Feeling all just going down, just a moment too … for me
We gonna … me, I’ma drown in the deep blue sea
Today, I’ma grab my shotgun
Do not try to stop me, cause somedays

Yo, I’m from where ain't nobody smiling and thugs wildin' with guns violent
Slugs flying but turn silent
Our sons dying when the sun’s rising
Another day moving work, riding the block…
Over material niggas, might die over a stereo
Wake up to 36 shots finding nigga face in the cereals
These corner stories are horror stories, get more than gory but more importly, it’s niggas before me
That lives ended too shortly
Warrup Shawty having shawties but he wasn’t ready
Everyday living… man this shit is deadly
Niggas will have it… mob shit is Tom and Jerry
And it ain’t over till one of you niggas is dead and buried
I know it seem gloomy, but this shit is my reality
Cause all thats sent back to me is it’s travesties and tragedies
But I guess I have to … learn from me
The skill to earn for me, and the strength to overcome…

Today, I’ma grab my shotgun
Do not try to stop me, cause somedays
Feeling all just going down, just a moment too … for me
We gonna … me, I’ma drown in the deep blue sea
Today, I’ma grab my shotgun
Do not try to stop me, cause somedays