[Intro]
I see a lot of shit on tour man
Girl do whatever makes you comfortable
This for the girls who be smokin', right?
Yo, go 'head girl

[Hook]
Roll up, pour up 'til it ain't no more
Girl, let's get tore up from the floor up
Tell the chauffeur let's go
Go on and roll up, pour up 'til it ain't no more
Girl, let's get tore up from the floor up
Tell the chauffeur let's go

Girl, is you high? You high as hell? Are you high as fuck?
Is you high? If I ain't hit it yet, you ain't high enough
Girl, is you high? You high as hell? Are you high as fuck?
Is you high? If I ain't hit it yet, you ain't high enough

[Verse 1]
Smoke-filled atmosphere; girl, why you acting weird?
You don't really smoke like that? Oh, we got a actress here
Nah, for real, you keep acting shy, maybe you should pursue that career
But your girl looking so thirsty
Want to fuck so bad, I wish I had a mattress here
A little white'll make em get hype
Nigga, that Goose'll make em get loose
Or that ass'll make me salute
When I'm in H-town, I'm knocking them boots
I ain't lying, had a little chick in Texas
Woke up, she had dick for breakfast
Had her eggs made, tried to play detective
Next time I called her, shit disconnected
I guess, I guess that's how a lame nigga roll
Little nigga, I'm blessed; motherfucker, I'm blessed
To have my hoes in check
Hey girl, you enjoyed the show? Then you already know, then
Put it on the floor, put it on the floor then

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Hold up, wait a minute
Niggas putting hating in it
So lame, no game
Niggas couldn't pay to hit it
All night, throwing ones at my favorite stripper
She get off around four, and she trying to take me with her
Cool; I say, I say cool -- I say, I say cool
I want two, that means me and you plus one -- she say cool
Fucking right, we gon fuck all night
I got something to prove, nigga
Stop watching, cock-blocking
Let these hoes choose
Girls just wanna have fun, you trying to give these hoes rules
You pimping, you caught feelings; you got these hoes all confused
Barely like em, I don't love em
I just fuck em, I don't cuddle
Looking for me after shows, find me out looking for trouble
Bitch tattoo with my name on her
Yeah, I ran that game on her
She like, "You 'bout to blow up
Hope that you don't change on me"
Yeah, I spent that change on her
I guess that's just my life, nigga
I know she your wife, nigga
But she my bitch tonight, nigga

[Hook]