[Hook: Skrizzly Adams]
Hey, they're calling
They're calling my name
I got the whole world on fire
And I ain't going away
I been real through all this
Staring straight at the flame
I got the whole world on fire
And I ain't going away
I ain't going away

[Bridge: Chris Webby & Jon Connor]
Standing tall, head high, doing what I wanna do
If I fall, I get up, I done came too far to lose
Pushing through, pick it up, even when my body's tired
I got enough drive inside to set the fucking world on fire

[Verse 1: Jon Connor]
What can you do for me now?
Used to the enemy shooting me down
But truthfully how
Can you try to stop me when truth can be found?
And knowing that life is a lesson
No question what you could be now
We let this aggression take over and over and over
A chip on our shoulder get bigger, ignore what they told us
I told you I was a soldier (yeah)
Never quit, don't fall
If I do, I apologize y'all
Might slip, won't trip
To be real, shit, I idolize y'all
Why? Cause if you hear me now
You ain't take the easy way out
You knew it was light at the end of the tunnel
When you couldn't see a way out
Faith is what you can't teach
Haters may say what you can't reach
As long as I stay playing these beats
At the end of my day, y'all I'm at peace
Peace of mind, I'mma just ease my mind
Relieved with the peace I find
And ease my rhymes, I need my time
Somebody out there might need these lines
Yep, I got you, ain't a choice no more, I got to
Ain't nobody's word's gone stop you
Don't cry homeboy that's not you
Look, when it ain't easy I know that
Been came too close can't go back
Your dream is yours, believe that
Yep, even when the world can't see that
I see that, that's real

[Hook: Skrizzly Adams]

[Bridge: Chris Webby & Jon Connor]

[Verse 2: Chris Webby]
Told myself I got this shit (is this my time?)
Better hope to God it is
Losing my mind (show me a sign)
I’m no astrologist (but I just need to know)
Cause I really put everything I got in this
When all I had was empty bank accounts and broken promises
Life ain’t like the comics, ain’t no Superman to save the day
Ain’t no one to clear the road, it’s on you to pave the way
Get your dreams tatted up, never let em fade away
And toughen up that skin and disregard what all them haters say
Listen I been through all that too
What you think I ain’t been down on my luck?
I’m dealing with shit on the daily, it’s driving me crazy
But I ain’t about to give up
Keeping my family close so I can know everybody around me I trust
Now I got Earth right up in my hands
Get ready cause this shit about to combust, what?
I’m not lying when I'mma say
That the world could end tomorrow, set fire to it today
(Homegrown!)
Ay, we really ain't too different after all
Im tryna find my happy place and you're welcome to tag along

[Bridge: Skrizzly Adams]
I know what it’s like sometimes when you feel like it’s over
Cause everything that’s wrong goes right when it’s all for the fight
Handle yours like a soldier, and make em say…
I know what it’s like sometimes when you feel like it’s over
Cause everything that’s wrong goes right when it’s all for the fight
Give it up like I told ya, and make em say…

[Outro: Jon Connor]
I got, I got, I got the world on fire man
I got, I got, I got the world on fire man
I got, I got the world on fire!

[Hook]