[Verse]

Rappers seem like they need a steering wheel to handle hoes
She seen the banana was too quick to give me cantaloupe
D Money and Worm we sit around smoking Amoco
If I was violent my shooters Steph Curry, yours Plaxico
You can't handle the truth? Hip Hop demanding hope
When others rappers drop, it's like they cannot handle soap no homo
You hear me spit, you watching Lebron work
Chicago seen more white girl than a Hannah Montana concert
Verbal assault got pussy niggas beyond hurt
The game in a submission, working angles, I'm beyond Kurt
Been next, fuck a bitch at my neck for sex nigga
Leave shorty standing in the rain like Jody did Yvette nigga
Going macadamian, it ain't me when they asking who sane
Mindset is Hussein. Word is bond, a phenomenon
I make niggas give up rapping likes it Ramadan
Spit like I'm trying to live grand, like your momma mom
Damn, for that life I been patient
While y'all still ain't realized dickriding ain't no form of transportation
I'm in the lab bakin' while you cakin', so ill I need a patent
Got passion, dreamin' impregnatin' Paula Patton
Picture pure rapping without a caption, I ain't acting
Moving like a cheetah with thoughts of an assassin
Nas line, checking for fucks to give and I ain't got one
Fuck with me? That's Russian roulette with a sawed off shotgun
Meek say "When you broke as a joke, ain't shit funny."
Dummy I'm humble, but convinced I'll give Cole a run for his money
Been treated right by people I thought thought nothing of me
And fucked over by posers who I thought truly loved me
My heart been through it believe me
Don't bang, but the money stackin like its GD
Type of shit you couldn't copy off CD or DVD
City of BDs MOEs, VLs or BP
SN, must I begin?
On how my generation, so filled with sin?
And how fake shit is relatable, like it's they kin?
Leaving niggas in the street how Peter Parker found Uncle Ben
Damn, everyday life in Gotham
Going through these lines sorta like a slalom
Enemies words? I never forgot em
I just proved em wrong and sorted they losses into rows and columns
In y'all pain I find asylum
Fuck designer and these grown man whiners
Who would've thought a dark skinned prince would be the most shinin' diamond
Not easy to find when everyone wanna be a savage
Let us admire you green with envy as I chase after cabbage
Don't think they reminisce over you when you average
Baby deep down I'm just wondering Candice
Johnson have you orgasm and throbbing?
Riding, doggy, you got so many options
Pole is on the spot that next man gon be toppin
Cause I'm passing her off like John Stockton
You couldn't test me with a proctor or nearby doctor
Lyrics dope, notepad got pot like Betty Crocker
Doing big things, when I'm around, they acknowledge my presence
You do big things like you just got precious pregnant
The greatest, nothing more or less, here's a lesson
If Gs move in silence, then why these niggas detected?
Ain't hawaiian, but told some bitches mahalo
Young nigga from Chicago with a flow, tell him bravo
No lube for fucking the game raw twice
Your girl pussy my nine to five, I stick to my day job all night
Bust in her eyes, so she see where I'm coming from right?
Giving a different meaning to smashing on sight
I only let niggas sit in the throne to keep it warm for me
Groupie for the band so I let her hold the horn for me
On occasion I'm faded, but I ain't never been mistaken
It's always been the greats I've emulated
And painted my own pictures, never fake to my own niggas
Dickriders hop on a track, ride the wave with the on nigga
Labels think they own niggas
On my own nigga, ironic, since the word was born when Europeans was proud to own niggas
And let me be clear that I'm far from racist
But the power of a certain persuasion? Shit amazing
You feared for your life? Not a slap on your wrist
Increase the melanin, they'd be sicking dogs on my kids nigga