[Intro]
What? What you want?
Represent represent represent
Yeah, represent, check it out check it out

[Hook]
Yo mama don't wear no drawers!
I saw her when she took them off!
Standing on the welfare line
Eating swine trying to look fine, with her stank behind
You can ask the bitch and she'll tell ya fast
Meth-Tical got STYLE with his nasty ass

[Verse 1]
Are you ready, to face the consequences and suffer?
I even tell ya momma you ain't shit, motherfucker
Bring it, and let that killer bee kid sting it
And rep-resent, it's like heads up a brick, when I swing it
Get lost, I break you off something
I'm pumping, like a Reebok, with a pump
From the jump and, you was nothing
Bet you thought you fucking clan had ya back but they was fronting
Smoking dirt blunts and fucking nasty sluts and
You just a naked gun without the bullet, what you busting
Get your ship sunken, fucking with a drunken
Master disaster at any rap functions

[Interlude]
Just an echo, yoo-hoo
We be living in the valley yoo-hoo
It may be difficult to bring back
Sweet memories of you
And you can even ask your crew
Bet your bottom dollar that they tell ya fast
Meth-Tical got STYLE with his nasty ass

[Verse 2]
Who said the Wu-Tang Clan? Was it you or your man?
You wanna point the finger, I'll bring ya
36 chambers, be out, you'se in danger
Let me pull your brain out your ass with a hanger
Didn't momma tell ya not to talk to a stranger?
Now ya got ya neck, in the noose, of the strangler
Just recline, keep the Meth in mind
I'll even test the knuckle check on the hands of time
What? And I'll be more than glad to bust that ass
All up and down the block, the street, that ave
Whatever, smoking on a Spike Lee joint
Hey I'm Mo' Better, I'm hoping niggas get the point
Cause they could never, stop the veteran, word to God
When I'm severing the head of a mental vegetarian
The Method, at the weed gate, with a long line of credit
If you desire fire, I be the first to set it
Off, flame on like the Human Torch
Fantastic Four for all the fans in the store
You can eat it all and it'll tell you fast
Meth-Tical got STYLE for your nasty ass

[Outro]
94 baby, word up, recognize, recognize
Wu-Tang killer bee
The RZA and the Method MZA
Raider Ruckus, where you at?