[movie sample]
I will give him to you, you promised that no harm would come to him
If you are willing to be, to give him to us
Why do you care what happens to him?

[Chorus: Cilvaringz]
Brother ain't brothers no more
You come around and show your love
And motherfuckers try to take you to war
I said, brothers ain't brothers no more, it's like the Christ and the Judas
Taking his money for the blood on the sword, c'mon

[Cilvaringz]
I've come down in a click, I have joined for the love of joining
Years later I'm sick of the disappointments
Brothers ain't brothers; it's only a few out of a hundred
Maybe some others but really it's just a small summit
See many claim to be that, what they are not
It's all fake to me rather I say it's all lies
Cause when I came in, I was meeting these people I admired
And showed love to, until it backfired
More and more every day, brothers was going on and on
Like ravens dropping black feathers at my door
Signs of war, son? C'mon fuck y'all!
Y'all don't want me to rise, you rather see me fall
And this supposed to be brotherhood, but y'all wasn't feeling good
When I produced "Guerrilla Hood"
And Ghost took nine of my beats, Bobby blessed me with six
And so you lied to the streets, just like a little bitch
But through the bull one cried in the wilderness
RZA my brother you had warned me of bitterness
He told me: "don't speak much, keep a small notice
And whatever you hear Ringz, stay focused
They will hate you for what you got, they all hopeless
My jewel to you is this rule son, fuck emotions"
I love RZA, he gave me a start
He could've given a fuck, but chose to give me a spark
He could've fucked with somebody he heard about in the parks
But he believed in my work, and I believed in Allah
And so he gave me some shine instead of keeping me dark
Took me to 36 Chambers and let me spit out my darts
That's why I'm rapping his name in every song I take part
Some claim it's riding his dick, but I'm just showing my love
Cause if it wasn't for him, I'd probably be in the Bing
Playing the cards with my friends, I can't be thankful enough
To be co-riding with RZA touring together for months
Being able to take my peeps around the world in a bus
But sadly envy is killing all of my so-called brothers
Who spit the dirt on my name, while I'm just showing my love
Claiming I'm whack, like y'all flaming, but check
The difference is the fact, I'm loving, but y'all be checking for checks
So you can say what you want, as long as Ra know what's up
I'mma be up in the cut, doing my thing like I must

[Chorus 2X]

[Outro: RZA (Cilvaringz)]
(Re the fuck up soldiers… shit is self destructive
Cilvaringz… Bronze Nazareth… speak on it RZA)
And most people who got like qualms against Cilvaringz
Is mostly Killer Beez know what I'’m saying?
Because of… just because of you know, they see him doing
What they’re not doing and shit, ya nahmean, he reveal… like
Sometimes, somebody can reveal an impostor, ya nahmean?
It’'s like if we all right here and we all supposed to be working
They see one man keep doing work, the other guys’ like
“c’'mon slow down yo we got all, we got all day to do it”
They’'re saying that because they’'re revealing, he’'s revealing that they're
Not working, you see what I’'m saying? And I think that’'s really
The qualm that some of the Killer Beez be having with him, ya nahmean?