[Intro:]
Oh yeah, don't forget my retainer
OK, I understand you guys are pleading insanity, claiming demonic spirits possessed you to do these hideous murders. Can you please explain to this court how these so-called spirits made you into these raving madmen?

[Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Relax and take notes
While I take tokes of the marijuana smoke
Throw you in a choke; gun smoke, gun smoke
Biggie Smalls for mayor
The rap slayer, the hooker layer
Motherfucker, say your prayers!
"Hail Mary, full of grace," smack the bitch in the face
Take her Gucci bag and the North Face off her back
Jab her if she act, funny with the money
Oh, you got me mistaken, honey
I don't wanna rape ya, I just want the paper
The Visa, kapeesha? I'm out like The Vapors
Who's the one you call Mr. Macho?
The head honcho, swift fist, like Camacho
I got so much style I should be down with the Stylistics
"Make up to break up" Niggas need to wake up
Smell the Indonesia, beat you to a seizure
Then fuck your moms, hit the skins to amnesia
She don't remember shit, just the two hits
Her hittin' the floor and me hittin' the clit
Sucking on the tits, had the hooker beggin' for the dick
And your moms ain't ugly, love, my dick got rocked quick
I guess I was a combination
Of House of Pain and Bobby Brown
I was humpin' around and jumpin' around
Jacked her, then I asked her, "Who's the man?"
She said, "B-I-G," then I'd bust in her E-Y-E
(Yo big, you're dead wrong)

[Interlude:]
Can you please explain to this court when these problems first began?

[Verse 2: The Notorious B.I.G.]
When I get dusted, I like to spread the blood like mustard
Trust it, my hardcore rain leaves ya rusted
Move over Lucifer, I'm more ruthless, uh
Leave you toothless, you'll kibbitz, I'll flip it
Tears don't affect me, I hit 'em with the TEC, G
Disrespect me, my potency is deadly
I'm shootin' babies; no ifs, ands, or maybes
Hit Mommy in the tummy if the hooker plays a dummy
Slit the wrist of little sis, after she sucked the dick
I stabbed her brother with the ice pick
Because he wanted me to fuck him from the back
But Smalls don't get down like that
Got your father hidin' in a room, fucked him with a broom
Slit him down the back and threw salt in the wound
Who you think you're dealin' with?
Anybody step into my path is fuckin' feelin' it
Hardcore, I got it sucked like a pussy
Stab you 'til you're gushy, so please don't pushh me
I'm using rubbers so they won't trace the semen
The black demon, got the little hooker screamin'
Because you know I love it young, fresh and green
With no hair in between, know what I mean?

[Interlude:]
**gunshots**
Guilty! Next case