[Intro: RZA]
Yo, yeah check it... yo, yo yo yo
Yo, if you think you can [fuck] with the Wu Clan
You get ya nose gets swolled up like Toucan
If you think you can [fuck] with the Wu Clan
You get ya nose swollen up like Toucan
If you think you can [fuck] with the Wu Clan
You get ya nose swollen up like Toucan Sam
And we don't give a damn
Bullets soaked in oil so the Tec can't jam

[Verse 1: RZA]
Sippin on Caribbean rum, coconut juice
Smokin on that chocolate stick
Open up two bottles of that brass monkey on some drunkie shit
You R&B fake rappers suck a monkey dick
I'm from back in the days, with the Christopher Hayes
On my back, striped out black
You like that?; seven rays in my head
My girl stays in the bed and she love to lay the eggs

[Verse 2: Masta Killa]
Prepare for the mic onslaught swift with the sword
Slick Lord, holdin my weight homing abroad
The crowd roared for the peeps playing for the streets
I reaped and sewed, scriptures weaved and woved
Behold gold for the people equal
Fresh on the weekend
Wu-Tang, Biggie Smalls live at the Beacon
Backstage drinks on the house the show was bangin
Brothers Grey Goosin, Wu was Tanqueraying
Allah teaching schools in session, the Gods speakin
I'm just knowledging
Snake handshakes and fake hugs
Waiting for the hour to devour
And splatter ya heads to powder
I'm a slave to the rhythm
But never to a mental deafened power
The hour has come
We got y'all eleven to one son
You done off, too late to break north
Tactics are hazardous to the health, bomb stealth
Rifle stay M-16, know what I mean?
Know what I mean?

[Break: Masta Killa (+RZA)]
Yo Just, what we (stand for?) Loyalty
What we strive for? Righteousness
What we live and (die for?)
Strictly fam members only
Yo (strictly fam members only)
Yo, yo Just, what we (stand for?) Loyalty
What we strive for? Righteousness
What we live and (die for?)
(Strictly fam members only)
(Strictly fam members only)

[Verse 3: RZA]
A-yo, a-yo, great minds think alike
We used to drink all night
Think about things that's wrong and how to make it right
Ice cold bottles of brass, time flashes
A hundred blunts passes
Before the God asked us
What's the square miles of the planet?
Why is the axis slanted?
How much is covered by water?
How much is granite?
True-I-Master-Equality, God body be
Flowing like the chi energy inside your artery
Faithful as a polished rock against a tank
The force of my will still kill shooting blanks
Just from the sound alone ya heads blown
Still scoring in the red zone you best of head home
Or get thrown to the dead zone, son we need to ill
Interrupt the Grammy show and teach the kids

[Break: RZA]
Yo Just, what we stand for?
What we strive for?
What we live for?
What we give for?
What we die for?
Strictly fam members only
Strictly fam members only

[Verse 5: GZA]
I grew up around block parties ready to rock
Behind the rope [nigga] with my rhyme on cock
Verse shot, first nigga who had shit to pop
My bad weather blew the feathers off a hundred flocks
Seventy-percent goose, thirty duck
Get stuck, if each link in your chain is struck
Can't come in the rhyme cypher with non-snipers
Charge off the juice from the pied pipers
Grew up around B-Boys, DJ's, MC's
Through rap, never thinking their ways of TV
It was strictly all about about magnificent rhyme clout
The R.E.C. Room, two dollars with the flyer, three without
Now it's wigs pushed back, name's removed
Off the plaque, too wild to reenact
With tax, that's the price to pay, my goal is to
Aim and spray; my night is the same as day

[Hook: RZA] (x2)
Yo Just, what we stand for?
What we strive for?
What we live for?
What we give for?
What we die for?
Strictly fam members only
Strictly fam members only