[Skit]
– He looks determined without being ruthless. Something heroic in his manner. There's a courage about him. Doesn't look like a killer. Comes across so calm. Acts like he has a dream. Full of passion
– You don't trust me, huh?
– Well, you know why
– I do, we're not supposed to trust anyone in our profession anyway

[Intro]
Knock niggas out the box all the time
Bitches know my mothafuckin' repertoire, big one
(Yeah, mothafucka, straight up, I'll fuck your whole team up)
Take care of B.I., Chef
(Yeah, bust it)
Fly G.I. niggas

[Hook]
Now, yo, yo, what up, yo? Time is runnin' out
It's for real though, let's connect politic, ditto
We could trade places, get lifted in the staircases
Word up, peace, incarcerated Scarfaces

[Verse 1]
Thug-related style attract millions, fans
They understand my plan, who's the kid up in the green Land?
Me and the RZA connect, blow a fuse, you lose
Half-ass crews get demolished and bruised
Fake be fronting, hourglass heads niggas be wanting
Shutting down your slot, time for pumping
Poisonous sting, which thumps up and act chumps
Rae's a heavy generator, but yo, guess who's the black Trump?
Dough be flowing by the hour's, Wu, we got the collars
Scholars, Word Life, peace to Power and my whole unit
Word up, quick to set it, don't wet it
Real niggas lick shots, peace Connecticut

[Hook]
Now, yo, yo, what up, yo? Time is runnin' out
It's for real though, let's connect politic, ditto
We could trade places, get lifted in the staircases
Word up, peace, incarcerated Scarfaces

[Verse 2]
Chef'll shine like marble, rhyme remarkable
Real niggas raise up, spend your money, argue
But this time is for the uninvited
Go 'head and rhyme to it, bitch nigga mics is getting fired
Morphine chicks be burning like chlorine
Niggas recognize from here to Baltimore to Fort Greene
But hold up, Moët be tasting like throw-up
My mob roll up, dripped to death whips rolled up
You never had no wins, sliding in these dens
With Timbs, with MAC-10's and broke friends
You got guns? Got guns too, what up, son
Do, you wanna battle for cash and see who sons who?
I probably wax, tax, smack rap niggas
Who fax, niggas' lyrics is wack, nigga
Can't stand unofficial, wet tissue, blank busting Scud missles
You rolling like Trump, you get your meat lumped
For real, it's just slang rap democracy
Here's the policy, slide off the ring, plus the Wallabees
Check the status, soon to see me at, Caesar's Palace eating salads
We beating mics sending ki's to Dallas
I move rhymes like retail, make sure shit sell
From where we at to my man's cell
From staircase to stage, minimun wage
But soon to get a article in Rap Page
But all I need is my house, my gat, my Ac
Bank account fat, it's going down like that
And pardon the French but let me speak Italian
Black Stallion, wildling on Shaolin
That means the island of Staten
And niggas carry gats and mad police from Manhattan

[Hook]
Now, yo, yo, what up, yo? Time is runnin' out
It's for real though, let's connect politic, ditto
We could trade places, get lifted in the staircases
Word up, peace, incarcerated Scarfaces

[Verse 3]
I do this for barber shop niggas in the Plaza
Catching asthma, Rae is sticking gun-flashers
Well-dressed, skating through the projects with big ones
Broke elevators, turn the lights out, stick one upstairs
Switch like a chameleon, hit Brazilians
Pass the cash or leave your children, leave the building
Niggas, yo, they be folding like envelopes
Under pressure, like Lou Ferrigno on coke
Yo, Africans denying niggas up in yellow cabs
Musty like funk, waving they arms, to Arabs
Sit back, cooling like Kahlua's on rocks
On the crack spots, rubberband wrapped on my knots
View bitches who fuck dreads on Sudafeds
Pussy's hurting, they did it for a yard for the Feds
Word up cousin? Nigga, I seen it
Like a 27-inch Zenith, believe it

[Hook]
Now, yo, yo, what up, yo? Time is runnin' out
It's for real though, let's connect politic, ditto
We could trade places, get lifted in the staircases
Word up, peace, incarcerated Scarfaces