{Intro:]
Yo
I'mma smoke this nigga, man..
What the fuck y'all doin' man? You fuckin' with the jam master
(Time, time for you to die)
As I kiss.. your.. ass.. goodnight)
I ain't fuckin with you niggas, I ain't fuckin with you niggas
This stupid nigga, man
Fuck that
Uh
Yo, yo yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo
Yo yo yo, yo, yo, yo!

[Verse 1:]
I make yo' mouthpiece obese like Della Reese
When I release, you lose teeth like Lil' Cease
Nigga please, blood floods your dungarees
And that's just the half of my warpath
Laugh now cry later, I rhyme greater
Than the average playa hater, and spectators
Buy my CD twice; they see me in the streets
They be like, "Yo he nice, but that's on the low though"
Be the cats with no dough, tried to play me at my show
I pull out fo'-fo's, and go up in they clothes
Short-change niggas, snort 'caine niggas
Extortion came quicker, bought the Range nigga
Ya still tickle me, I used to be as strong as Ripple be
Til Lil' Cease crippled me
Now I play hard, like my girl's nipples be
The game sour like a pickle be, y'all know da rules
Move from BK to New Jeruz -- thinkin 'bout
All the planes we flew, bitches, we ran through
Now the year's new, I lay my game flat
I want my spot back, take two
Motherfuckers mad cause I blew, niggas envious
Too many niggas on my dick, shit strenuous
When my men bust, you just move with such stamina
Slugs missed ya, I ain't mad at ya (we ain't mad at ya)
Blood rushin', concussions, ain't nothing
Catch cases, come out fronting, smoking something
Sippin' White Russians, bitch in the Benz bumping
I laced it with the basic, six TVs a system
Knockin' Mase shit, face it, we hard to hit
Guard ya shit, 'fore I stick you, for your re-up
Wipe the pee up, lick shots, woke your seed up
Go in the ashtray, spark the weed up
Long kiss

[Hook: The Notorious B.I.G. (singing)]
Time, time for you to die (dick-ridin' ass niggas everywhere..)
As I kiss.. your.. ass.. goodnight
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. your.. ass.. goodnight (there's more than one dick to ride in the rap game) (no doubt, no doubt)
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. your.. ass.. goodnight

[Verse 2: The Notorious B.I.G.]
What, what, what, what?
I'm flamin' gats, aimin' at, these fucking
Maniacs, put my name in raps, what part the
Game is that? Like they hustle backwards
I smoke Backwoods and Dutchies, you can't touch me
Try to rush me, slugs go, touchy-touchy
You're bleeding lovely, with yo, spirit above me
Or beneath me, your whole life you live sneaky
Now you rest eternally, sleepy, you burn when you creep me
Rest where the worms and the weak be
My nine flies, baptize, rap guys
With the Holy Ghost, I put holes in most
You hold your toast shaky, slippin' tryin' to break me
Look what you made me do, brains blew
My team in the marine-blue, six Coupe
Skeeted out, weeded out, cleanin' out -- the block
For distances, givin' long kisses bitch!

[Hook: The Notorious B.I.G. (singing)]
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. your.. ass.. goodnight
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. your.. ass.. goodnight
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. your.. ass.. goodnight

[Verse 3: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Frank White the menacing, Chron-Chron's the medicine
I got the lettuce and, you turn green like cucumber skin
Got the new, Hummer in the summer when I was a new comer
Then, drugs and MAC-10s
Hugs from fake friends, make ends they hate you
Be broke -- girls won't date you
That's why I relate to, choke yo' ass out til your face blue
Make you, open the safe too
No matter how you call it (how you call it)
This brolic, alcoholic
Like his weed green'd out, like his brick solid
Distribute to, kids who, take heart like Valentine
Drink Ballantine, all the time
Slugs hit your chest tap your spine, flatline
Heard through the grapevine, you got fucked fo' times
Damn that three to nine, fucked you up for real though
Sling steel slow, as for remorse, we feel no

[Hook: The Notorious B.I.G. (singing)]
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. your.. ass.. goodnight
Time, for you to die
As I kiss.. your.. ass.. goodnight

[Outro: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Fuck that!
That nigga tryna be on that up and coming shit, FUCK THAT!
I ain’t the type to toot my horn, but toot toot motherfucker! I’m the nicest nigga in the game, man! Face the motherfucking facts man!
You fuckin' with the other side! You can’t see me! You can’t see me! In a fistfight you won’t SEE me nigga!
Sick of this bullshit
Only reason I ain’t naming no names, is so I don't give these  bitch-ass niggas a chance to make a record coming back just to sell a few units
Faggots!
(we blowin' kisses at you niggas)
Old dirty half-ass niggas, man..