[INTRO: SB's Non Existent Father In His Mind]
Give it to me
I've been ready Son, I'm here Son

[Verse 1: SB IV SHORT]
FUCK I BEEN READY !
(Uhhhhhh)
Fuck this shit
I'm 'bout to dive in
Xanax, Hydros make my eyes spin
Fuck the dicks I'ma piss on their sirens
I rock kicks Glock 9 but the size 10
In 6th grade I was tryna' make friends with the bullies
(BUT FUCK FRIENDS !)
I'd rather have a Benz and a skully
Jet black backpack, pens in the hoodie
Then stab Max, do the Moonwalk as I boogie
I'm Mike Jack Son, but I need no Brother
We fuck while the tires burn
Give me more rubbers
We didn't have shit, just me and my Mother
Tryna' get this cake, YO we need more butter
Fams in the kitchen, grams in the left sock, Rick made a dollar and a dream out of crack pots
Picture me and NASDAQ tryna' earn back stocks
I got a better chance fuckin'hoes in a back drop
Shit I should've been a pornstar
My cock doing more numbers than a foreign car
And I'm the only fucking son
That's a born star
Smokin' dope sippin' coke flavored Mochas
Spanish chica love cock
Give me chocha
Eyes tighter than a Asian love me long time
You know them bitches wanna stretch when the Son come up
Them snake hoes wanna put you in a cobra clutch
They know the bank account grows as the flow grow up
I'm still a squirrel in this World but these hoes go nuts
I Power Puff on the purp
Keep my MOJO tucked
You Buttercups, wish a nigga would test my luck
You Rowdy Ruff ?
I don't fuck with that homo stuff
I'm Ronny Cox in this plot
You a Robo Cop and we'll see how far you go when your promo stops
I'm finna push keys of coke with a boat on shocks for props

[SB IV SHORT'S VILLIAN LAUGHTER]

[Hook:]
Codeine Pills ?
Bitch we drop em like a CANNONBALL !
X Pills ?
Bitch we drop em like a CANNONBALL !
You don't wanna get involved with this Demerol
The World is yours fuck the time and it's Analog
Wish a bitch nigga disrespect us
I want the links and the gold snatch a nigga's necklace
And my blood gettin' cold cause this shit is hectic
Drop a nigga like a fuckin' cannonball
Forreal

[Verse 2: SB IV SHORT]
I want the money on time so this Rolex watch is what I want
What I need
Try some dope
Try some weed
On that note, shit I'll put a fucking scope to ya' seed
Watermelon how I bust
I don't mean to be violent
[BUT FUCK THAT !]
Babymomma need more diamonds, skatin' on ya' face for this cake FOREVER grindin'
Bitch I'm fuckin' straighter than a Steve Harvey linen
If straighter was a word I would turn it to a curve
Cause these niggas miss my point
When I try to give them verbs
I'm a rider, a provider, but ain't never been a NERD
But this shit can get Pharrell  when you push him to the curb
I want the old school Caddy with the elbows
Pokin' out the side let me ride with the Shelltoes
But a nigga gotta stay strapped like some Velcro
Nastier than Gonorrhea bitches with some male toes
Nigga I'm a monster
Smokin' playin' Contra
King Neptune went and joined the fuckin' Mobsters
Scuba Divin' who be ridin' with the stupid Gangja
Doobie sittin' in the ear
I got a ruthless conscious
Smoke another cigarette to me my lungs is timeless
Lost my fuckin' senses now I'm walkin' 'round mindless
Call my nigga Casey, he can show me where the 9 is
Bitch shut the fuck up
I think the Cops behind us

[BANG ! BANG !.. BANG BANG !]

[SB IV SHORT Villain Laughter]

KREEP GANG !