[Hook 2X: The Reverend William Burke]
And I'm straight up the block, and I'm straight up the block
L-London, Japan, L-London, Japan
And I'm straight up the block, and I'm straight up the block
Mississippi to France, to the top of the pop

[RZA]
Who got the biggest dick?
Who got the fattest whip?
Who got the baddest bitch?
Who got the fullest clip?

Crib in Paris, France, plus in Maryland
In Baltimore, I bought the cabstand

Up in Burbank, the crib, I smiled at Hillary
Bless the valley with the hundred dollar chivalry

Got the UFC Bodog on my catalog
Mayor Koch Records, they the landlord

It's the Digitech, you ain't get a check
You better get a deal, better make a bet

Get ya money right, what an appetite
I see ya'll cats later, about to catch a flight

[Hook 2X: The Reverend William Burke]
And I'm straight up the block, and I'm straight up the block
L-London, Japan, L-London, Japan
And I'm straight up the block, and I'm straight up the block
N-N-New York to France, to the top of the pop

[RZA] (Beretta 9) {Rugged Monk}
Je m'appelle, Bobby Digital
Comment allez vous?, mademoiselle

Le original, puff e tranquel
Il n'est pas ordinaire ladival

Ouais bon bon, très bien
Ça va, let's get it on

Plus the yacht, we just docked
Yo Kinetic, son (yeah) let 'em flop

(A box of Belvedere), private stock
Maharishi jacket, Gucci watch

Yo, Rugged Monk, scotch on rocks
{Aiyo, Bobby D, what's up with Goldielocks?}

[Hook: The Reverend William Burke]
And I'm straight up the block, and I'm straight up the block
F-F-Frisco to Maine, Chicago to Spain
And I'm straight up the block, and I'm straight up the block
L-London, Japan, to the top of the pop
And I'm straight up the block, and I'm straight up the block
B-B-Brooklyn to Cali, D.C. to Miami
And I'm straight up the block, and I'm straight up the block
Germany to Little Rock, to the top of the pop

[Outro: David Banner]
RZA, they ain't weren't expecting this one, baby
Uh, yeah, it's ya boy David Banner, south side to the day I die
You know what I'm talking about?
They weren't expecting us to hook this one up, you know what I'm talking about?
N.Y.C., straight to Mississippi, you know what I'm talking about?
Get your money, pimping, it don't matter where you are
You in London, you in Japan, you know what I'm talking about
You in Spain, you in Italy, wherever the hell you are
Get up on your money, pimping, you know what I'm talking about?
And this beat is so fresh, watch this...