[Verse 1: Cilvaringz]
Defeat your enemies with violence, not culture refinements
Right? And show your love diamonds that's blinding
Under the eyelids of men, women and children of all color and religion
I guess building underneath the ceiling of a universal temple is essential
To break through the iron fists of war and swinging damn swords
See, Remedy and I, we swarm as one colony to make you wonder what you die for
But why you murdering our kids?
When all we've got to defend ourselves with our bricks
And stones, can't you hear us moan?
We all out on the streets cause you destroyed our home
Nah, you took our food, shelter, and clothing and left us naked
Only to cover ourselves with black seeds of hatred
But right now, whoever's right or wrong
I wonder if we'll ever get along as brothers from different mothers

[Verse 2: Remedy]
I heard a boy crying, two kids dying
Young Israelis, they said the Palestinians were lying
Who's to blame? We set fire to your flame
They withheld the names of the Jews held in vain
Jump into a tank in the far West Bank
There's violence on the Gaza Strip, who's to thank?
Listen! Babies crying
Life lost, Holocaust style, bodies flying
Surprise and surround you, we run rings around you
Silver with the blue and white stars-who we are
We unite, people alike
Strength comes in numbers, all ready to fight
Humanity's song for peace
There's war going on in the Middle East
Build, destroy, build the beast
Sharon and Arafat, Remedy, counter-attack
What's The Cure? Yo, RZA, where you at?

[Verse 3: RZA]
Positive education: always correcting errors
You can never gain peace by inflicting terror
And strapping bombs to arms
Running up inside buildings killing little children and moms
Instead of trying to take land, y'all should shake hands
And give respect to the great father Abraham
You've been fighting over Palestine since Saladin
Have you learned what the word 'non-violent' mean?
Or turn the other cheek? You burn your brother cheap
When ten grip came home we gave his brother sheep
RZA used to be recruiting troops and shooting fruit
When you both be seeds from the same root
Even when young Moses was lost in the desert
He was taught wisdom from an Arabian Shepard
My pen is mightier than CNN
Right now I teach you how to see an end
Close your eyes silently, breathing deep
Inhale this air all the way to your feet
Then exhale slowly through your nostril
Combine the Torah, Qu'ran, with the Gospel
With your mind open and eyes shut
You can't tell the difference of who's who and what's what
Please educate Allah's children everyday
A lesson a day keeps the devil away