Triumphant by M.C.T.H

[Intro]

What's up my niggas and niggarettes? (What up)
Big rest in peace to ODB man. (Um hum)
Shoutout to the whole Wu-Tang Clan
But right now, M.C.T.H. is in the building.(Damn Right)
I know, it's a beautiful thing baby.(So Beautiful)
Coming from the southside and westside of the Chi-Town.(Westside)
I got my brother MC Tough with me. (I'm right here nigga)
And yours truly, I be that nigga MC Hard
(Hard, Let's do  it baby)
And we gon do it like this

[Verse 1: Hard]

I bomb atomically
Socrates philosophies and hypoth - wait that's not my verse (It's not?)
I need to put my flow up on the Deck and Inspect it
Reassert myself (yeah fix that shit man), check it , correct it, revamp it
Then proceed to wreck it, and for the record
I'm givin all the props to the Wu (they ain't nothin to fuck with)
Who do it like nobody do like I'm tryna do, flowin foolish
That's it, my flow is reestablished, so with that being said (yeah i stumbled for a minute)
I'm gettin up off the ground and dustin off my clothes
And then I'm pickin up my Sox fitted, put it on, tilt it to the right
Don't bang with the gangs (that ain't for me man) I keeps it right mane
Cuz that's my style of course, I'm throwin up the forks
From the plate to my mouth (I'm hungry man) You can catch me out south
Bringin TH much clout wit my bro, that nigga M dot C dot T-O-UGH
Them boys is good, the dream team of the hood, we bout to shoulder push
Our way into the game cuz it's our time, bringin the pain to hoes n bros alike
Some of em love us, some of em don't like us
It doesn't matter cuz nigga we fighters
Shittin on niggas so pull out yo diapers, you king of the jungle?
Then nigga we tigers, the biggest of cats, the bigger the cats the bigger the stacks
Only two in a pack, our skills more potent than alcohol in fact
Niggas get, back we up to bat (It's out of the park)
Ain't no way that we won't be triumphant, I can anticipate the trumpets
Matter of time until we bumpin out of the cars, out of the clubs
All of the geeks, all of the thugs, the M the C the T the H
We ushering in a brand new day for rap, we throwin the craps
This is roulette we bettin on black, two in fact, the odds are stacked?
Naw ain't none of that, it's only one choice: We gots to make it
So success, we bout to take it!  I got my nigga behind me, even the chick on the track
She got me, therefore I'm good to go so here's the baton, now nigga u flow!

[Verse 2: Tough]

(Aight I'm ready) I'm ready to go for Chica-G-O, music's my focus, the mic's my post
Like I'm security on the block watchin for them folks joe (I see em)
Flowin over these melodic notes, I simply don't mean to brag or boast
But cut the ribbons and man the floats, chuck yo cups and demand a toast
To two brothers from the Chi who's never shy when reciting the words we wrote
Reacting to the superb tempo of the Wu Tang Clan (Wu Tang)
I do slang rhymes like it's cocaine man, pure uncut lyrical dope
So, I guess I'm a dealer, lesser emcees do fear us, our hardcore fans revere us
As two of the illest, really the realest, the greatest to ever pen these pages
Quite courageous, magically mending these tracks together like mages
(I don't know how we do it)
Quite contagious, the music we makin is meant to live on for ages
The basis? Is to aim for greatness, even though we underground like in the Basement
Let me holla at yo ears, cuz it seems to me they're quite vacant
And as your tenant, let's get to business, it's confirmed nigga I'm renting
And you won't get paid in dinero (no money here man) more like digital downloads
Or an occasional round disc, have yo radio poundin our shit
And did I mention a couple of listens'll make you a certified ad-dict (you'll be hooked)
You'll find yourself wishin and missin and scratchin and itchin
And feenin for that fix, we gotcha (aw i gotcha)
This house'll supply you with hit after hit
But careful with your approach because it's evil at this resident
T-Virus gon spread to ensure M.C.T.H. stay relevant and prevalant
You'll think these niggas heaven sent, Cole, drop the Keyshia (I love you Keyshia)
Cuz you fuckin with two elephants in this room, in you should tune
Flows are fat Joe, knockin on the industry's front door
We're the squad bringin terror in this era
So I suppose my opposition need to run, carrying a lyrically loaded gun
Spittin blue magic from the lungs nigga!

[Chorus]

M dot C dot T dot H...
Dot Stop the clock, check yo watch, it's time to hate?
No! Request denied, we tryna grind and find a way
To bring a change like Obama - Maintaing Chi Town's Honor!

M dot C dot T dot H...
Dot Stop the clock, check yo watch, it's time to hate?
No! Request denied, we tryna grind and find a way
To bring a change like Obama - Maintaing Chi Town's Honor!