[Intro: Raekwon]
Whattup gangstas, come on, come on
This is teflon right here, poisonous fly shit
Poltergeist back, add on nigga, live
What's the vertigo? Yo, aiyo, aiyo, aiyo

[Raekwon]
Chilling in the sneaker store, guess who walked in
Aretha, lord, Reebok queen, sneaker broad
Yo what up chick? Pussy dynamic, deeper than Titanic
Fly Hispanic, banded
Had me mapped out, iceberg down, saw the six
Then she broke wild, scopin' how the bitch get down
What up, I like that, give 'em regards
Sendin' messages to Gerard, who look like W.D. Faraud
Peace, how you be love, checkin' my feet like she seen Lugz
Ring gleamin' all on her mug
What up, wise guys, start laughin', pullin' outta pocket Platinum
Hand platinum, I stop laughin'
Rich niggas fuckin' had, figured it out
I won't fuck with her, warm blood, suck these nuts
Yeah, I'm out, spendin' off in a Benz truck
Valor look, richer than a fuck, what, wavy haircut
Met me at the light, wildin', made a right
Shorty violent in the boat, half smilin', with a gallon, aight?
Plus the queen of the tree head, pullin' over like a bean head
Fiendin' like a demon with green dreads
Jumped out, parked it, booth sparked it
Where your wifey at? Niggas like you, I spit lightly at
Quote my little cliche, instant replay
Could've sworn I saw a nine, had it tucked in her thong
Off convo, pointed at the condo, Lex let's go
I could've sworn I kept it real, but I'm a asshole
Hide in the empire, yellow liar took a glass full
Dick now, hotter than a lighter

[Chorus 2X: Raekwon]
Yo, whatever you do kid, just keep it real with yourself
Don't never ever pass off blue kid
Just better watch her, fuck around and be a nightmare

[Raekwon]
Yo, rainbow, glossy flossy necklace
Look perpetuos, ass is fat, butu look treacherous
Yo, where Gloria at? Monster ass restin' in Astoria
Black lawyer, she own a blow laundrymat
Yellin', I remember her, in December
Bitches maced me, stoled a half a million outta Macy's
Short light skin, haircut, hazel eyes
Nasal laced up, raised in caprini greens with Asia
Metallic blue G.S., dressed just bought a mama E.S
Fuckin'n with some nigga, Louis Lex
He a rich nigga, call him a king, H12
Rock a Super Bowl rings, had a mean bilingual
Her uncle fuck Marsha, fake mobster
Tried to knock, that drinkin' cum bitch, blown an Oscar
De La Hoya hands, burn him like boiling water
If she dare take food in her mouth, spoon advance
Yellin', hit the mini-bar, Shallah looked laced
Spillin' Henny on, shorty just drive and throw Jimmy on
We rappin', ain't jack shit happen
Stop all this max, homey, back to my WAP, pretend mackin'
Chill, hit the jack for a sec, shorty holdin', wanna give me sex
Should I just, polly or flex
Yo, tell me more, yo, you heard of I-King
Drive a white thing, wife in the bing, doing life, a knight king
Yeah, I know the nigga, what's the verdict? So what he perverted?
Last word I heard, A.C.T. want him murdered
Hesitated, played it, grabbed my dick, shorty playa hated!