[Intro: RZA]
Even though we have a lot big buildings and a lot of people hungry out on the streets
You look at the problem of global warming and all the plastic that's floating in the ocean and genetically modified food and how things are going
You know the planet to me feel like it's suffering
You got the ice caps melting and so many animals have become extinct
And we're just opening up more burger joints and getting more money

[Chorus 1: Paul Banks]
It's just a bunch of tomfoolery what I'm spending on your jewelry
Every single month
It's just a bunch of tomfoolery what I spend on your shoes, believe me
La la
Who needs the world?
Who needs the world?
Who needs the world?
La la la la la la
Who needs the world?

[Verse 1: RZA]
I'm about to embark go far far far heavenly excursion
Not dying I'm talking about flying fifty million miles above the surface
Happiness is that satisfaction
I'm satisfied with the main attraction
Rotating fast passed mass distraction
What is this life without compassion
Seeds indeed they got what they need
Who needs the world, we got what we need
No coke, no dope, opiates or speed but Acapulco gold is some badass weed
Flotation motion devices
We into Christ but not into crisis
Why sell your soul when your soul is priceless
And why live for gold when that gold is lifeless

[Chorus 2: Paul Banks]
I still stare up at the stars at night
I stopped wondering what makes them shine so bright
But it's a great beyond
And in the city where the lines are straight
Never forget what made them great, la la, la la
Who needs the world?
La la la la
Who needs the world?
Who needs the world?
La la la la
Who needs the world?

[Bridge: RZA]
Even though we have a lot of big buildings
We got people hungry out in the streets
When you look at the problem of global warming
And all the plastic that's floating in our ocean
And genetically modified food
And how things are going...
You know the planet to me feel like it's suffering
You got the ice caps melting
And so many animals have become extinct
And we're just opening up more burger joints
And getting more money
I know we got a lot of skyscrapers
And a lot of war machines, but...

[Chorus 2: Paul Banks]
It's just a bunch of tomfoolery, yeah
What I spend on your jewelry, yeah
It's just a bunch of tomfoolery, yeah
What I spend on your shoes, believe me, la la
Who needs the world?