I believe this to be the truth
And I pray it doesn't bore you
I don't believe life happens to you
I believe life happens for you
I believe in more than I can see

I don't belive in right, I don't believe in wrong
I believe I'm a poem, though you believe I'm a song
I do not believe in dwelling on the shit you never had
I believe I'm a good kid tryna convince the world I'm bad
I believe this is Heaven! I believe this is hell!
I believe it's beautiful to be part of something bigger than yourself

Perhaps I'm the tool of another; a rock to be thrown at the wall
I believe those that really know say next to no words at all
So what does that say about me?
What's that say about us?
We're just six stars in the galaxy caught in the gravity of a tour bus

I believe that angels sometimes wear tattoos
I believe we like to numb ourselves
With shit food advertisements and bad booze
but I'm not a savior
Shit Kev, I'd be content with survivin'
Later I'll sing my more popular songs, that's all you really want

I believe in Matthew Musto
I believe in Jacob Scesney
I believe each one of us is free to believe what we want to believe!
Make some noise if you agree!
We are free; do you agree?
We are free; do you agree?
We are free; do you agree?

I believe the prophet speaks softly
This is all a dream
I believe that beautiful things do not beg to be seen
Beautiful things do not beg to be seen
I believe in God
Though I couldn't tell you why
I do not believe he's an old white man sitting on top of the sky
Rather a twinkle in an iris, an iris purple in bloom
I believe you can be happy in December just like you can be sad in June!

I believe I might not belong here
Maybe I showed up too soon
But for some odd reason,
I believe in every single living, breathing, beautiful soul inside of this room
There is nothing wrong with you!
Or you, or you, or you, or you, or you, or you, or you
And sometimes people come along and they try to change you to somebody new
Your teachers try to change you to somebody new
Your parents try to change you to somebody new
Your friends try to change you to somebody new
The TV tries to change you to somebody new
But when that happens all you have to do
Is say, "don't you ever, don't you ever!
Don't you ever ask the sun to shine more like the moon."

See, I believe in love
I'm probably young and naïve
but I believe
I believe