[Intro]:
Hey girl
My name Cuey
What's your name?
Where you from?
How old are you, how many siblings do you have?

[Verse One]
You already know this ain't my protocol
Shouts to the girls who gave me the broken heart left me for dead
Told me keep stroking off now all they wanna do is eat my beef stroganoff
Lock the cell now
All I see is open doors got a finger blastin' saying Cuey keep holding off
You wouldn't whack me back when I had acne
Now I'm a bit flashy, stop playin' you ain't an athlete
You a math geek after my numbers and after this summer won't be an up and comer
You won't be the number one runner up
Bummer, got your girl hit me up for my number via Tumblr
All the time is to party and slumber
After get a facial, no cucumbers
Oh well
We'll work with what we've got
While I work to the top she could work around my (cock)

[Hook]:
You wouldn't give me the time a day now you in my face all of a sudden
Won't conversate now you tryin fuck
Remember you would try and hate when I was coming up
Yeah you sort of kinda late, yeah you kinda late
What does it matter to me I ain't standing out
That now quarter to three, yeah you kinda late
Why the hell should I care I might as well enjoy the ride
Since I'm finally here baby

[Verse Two]:
Oh baby I wish I was kidding
But to be honest I really want your kitten
I just want to dig in where your future kid livin'
And maneuver the karma sutra
Had both your eyes chingin'
Bend you over
Hit the cooter, oh what the fucking my I thinking?
I should introduce myself before I get kinky
But girl my shit ain't rinky dinky
It's that shiny suit, big call me Daddy Puffy Biggy
Give me One More Chance
Have you Pop like Iggy but spot kind of shitty
Let's call a cab is you with me?
You reside in the upper west side
Do you mind if my right hand creeps up your left thigh?
Baby I don't mean no harm let's head back to your crib and drink the Pino calmly
I need it, I want it, cause me so horny
Time to puff Recreation, but we no Pawnee

[Hook]:
You wouldn't give me the time a day now you in my face all sudden
Won't conversate now you tryin fuck
Remember you would try and hate when I was coming up
Yeah you sort of kinda late, yeah you kinda late
What does it matter to me I ain't Stan deny
That now quarter to three, yeah you kinda late
Why the hell should I care I might as well enjoy the ride
Since I'm finally here baby

[Verse Three] [Mike Posner]:
Yeah you kinda late never gave the time of date
Now I bet you lie awake, don't you? Tryin' to find a way
To get me back but I'm off the map tryin' to hide away
Baitin' babes who open thirty days they be kinda late
So now you dating so and so (who?)
The math major?! That dude was a fucking ho
While I'm fuckin' hoes never turn the lights out
He probably got some Ed Hardy on right now
Damn that was a low blow
You don't even look the same you been eating Ho-Ho's
Or maybe I just hit too many center photos
That she can turn a nine back into a so so
Oh
So what you gonna do now?
How does it feel to be yesterdays news now?
Come on you just as smart as me
You should try to fuck Drake and sing this song to me

[Hook]:
You wouldn't give me the time a day now you in my face all sudden
Won't conversate now you tryin fuck
Remember you would try and hate when I was coming up
Yeah you sort of kinda late, yeah you kinda late
What does it matter to me I ain't Stan deny
That now quarter to three, yeah you kinda late
Why the hell should I care I might as well enjoy the ride
Since I'm finally here baby

[Outro]:
Oh baby. Yeah, aye girl you said you had to two brothers, two sisters, one step sister. Ooooh you come from a big family girl. Oh, you like my courdery jean jacket? Shit's fly. I got it just for you baby. Just for you. What you doin' tonight? You free tonight? You free tonight? Hey there. I wanna bite into your ass like an apple pie baby