[Bei Maejor - Verse 1]

Pops call me Brenan Mike, moms call me baby B
Girl call me baby, my fans call me USD
Time call me young, but my bank say I’m grown
Streets call me gone, but my mind say I’m home
Little sister call me Branny, same for my Granny
Special shoutout to all of the women in my family
Haters call me weak, but a genius call me babbling
Rappers call me for beats, Snow Bunnies call me chocolate
Neighbors call the cops on me when I turn my music up
Ex-girlfriend call me say; “sorry for screwing up!”
Rap heads call me Pop, Top 40 call me Street
Older women call me cute, old heads call me G
Diesel call me Mazing, Rocco'll call me Bro
And the homies call me from the crib to say what up doe!
And labels call me next, then they sign my checks
Psychics call success and my Preacher call me blessed!

[Hook - Mike Posner]

They call me whatever they want, who oh!
They call me whatever they like, alright

Is it that I ain't the same man?
Somehow I changed when
I turned the key and walked through that door
They call me whatever they want, yea

[Mike Posner - Verse 2]

My mommy calls me Michael, my homies calls me Pose
I call hoes hoes, but I never call hoes
And if you call me Paz then you dont really like me
Your brother calls me Ill, your sister calls me Mikey
They used to call me lame cuz all I did was make beats
I've been called wack, been called a genius an everything in between
They call me the next J.T but I dont dance tho
I cut a check to Detroit, you bought a Lambo
And I dont call the press, what you call that?
Just to solve the problems in my head, I'll give it back
The Rap-Singer, all of the above
You could call me, Im coming after legacy and love

[Hook - Mike Posner]

They call me whatever they want
They call me whatever they like, alright

Is it that I ain't the same man?
Somehow I changed when
I turned the key and walked through that door
They call me whatever they want

[Bei Maejor - Verse 3]

Cops call me arrogant, tryna to figure out my whip
How that nigga get that shit? He dont even look that rich
Friends call me humble, enemies I don’t know
Got no clue what they were saying
Cause them boys be thangin' yo
Chavs call me B, auntie call me Major
Grandfather call me son, now I see ‘em later, uh!
She ain’t call me B, same for Lea & Drizzy
Can’t call me brother boy, I sit you on your grizzy
Teachers call me super smart, girls call me super cool
The yearbook call me flyest nigga in the school
Critics call me crazy, my Coach call me lazy
Told me run a hundred laps or else he wouldn't play me, what?
Quit the team started making music, now they caught me on
Aunt Winnie had a bad memory she called me Sean
Groupies call me Major babe, Age call me 80's baby
Father called me Rager baby, momma say I’m paper crazy
She probably right, I do be stackin'
And jealous people call me fake, they say I do be actin
But that’s cool, cause promoters call me main attraction
My cousin Hope say you’re slipping yo, you’re losing attraction
Call me what you want, never late for dinner
Call me Jordan call me Gretsky call me Tiger, I’m a winner!
If it's racing, call me Jeff, my uncles call me neph
Cyphers call success, heard the Preachers say I’m blessed, yes!

[Bridge & Hook]

You don’t know, what you have
You gonna find, I’ve been so bad!
You don’t know, what you have
You gonna find, I’ve been so bad!

They call me whatever they want
They call me whatever they like, alright

Is it that I ain't the same man?
Somehow I changed within
I turned the key and walked thru that door
They call me whatever they want