[Intro: Cam'ron & Guy]
What up boy, boy?
Ain't nothing boy, boy, it's good in the hood
What's popping boy, boy?
A lot of these cats faking jacks boy, boy
My man Smit' over hear, he's got something on his mind
'Sup Smitty?
This kid Smitty is acting a little silly right
Now, boy, boy
He don't understand this is real in the hood boy, boy
Why you ain't smack boy, boy?
Well he got something on his mind, you know what I'm saying?
I'm trying to show a little love to him boy, boy, he need to understand
I'm trying to let 'em live boy, boy, this is real ya' understand?
You need to stop playin' with me like that boy, boy
Yeah, I'ma holla at nigga, boy, boy

[Verse 1: Cam'ron]
Killa, yo, yo
Cops bagged me one night, looking for the blow
Went from Bronxhouse to bookings, bookings to the show
From the show to the crib, to the kitchen cooking Os
Kitchen to the car, to the street looking for hoes
Looking for hoes, to straight up bagging one
From my game in her brain, in the wagon, hun (in the wagon bitch)
From the wagon, garage to the house
Dining room, kitchen, kitchen to the couch
Couch to the bedroom, my dick's in her mouth
Bedroom to front door, this bitch getting out (see ya)
Front door, to "You know where the Jacuzzi is?"
Dress cooley, but usually the Coogi kid, bouchie kid
Tell ya boo-bee, a doo-bee did
She a houchie groupie Cooley is
Who am I? Come on, can't be for-reala
Went from Cam to Killa, Killa to scrilla, gorilla
From Killa to skyscrapers, from skyscrapers
To high papers, that's my nature
Do five you now, y'all die later
Come to your wake, look at you; "Hi hater"
From the wake to lot, another boogie
From the lot to the hill, to cop something ugly (ugly)
From the hill to that state Dakota
From Dakota to the corner, get that baking soda, Killa

[Chorus: Cam'ron]
Yo, where you from dog? (HARLEM BOY, BOY)
Oh this nigga getting money? (HOLLA BOY, BOY)
Oh this cat over fronting? (FUCK BOY, BOY)
He keep that shit up, dog.. (FUCKING DROP BOY, BOY)
Oh you got that hydro? (YOU LYIN BOY, BOY)
If you need that dope, though? (WE GOT BOY, BOY)
But watch your back (FROM THE COPS BOY, BOY)
Cause they paper? (THEY WANNA STOP BOY, BOY)

[Verse 2: Cam'ron]
Ay yo, I heard you out there shorty, slinging boy, boy
Oh MY god, oh boy, boy
Be careful of the motherfucking boys, boy
Me though? I run THEM boys, boy
Lloyd, Floyd, Roy, Soy, Black British
Bitches too, joy toy, what
Cat like you? Call you a Gladiator
Give her oral, and you happy, Glad-he-ate-her (stupid)
Put nine on the pussy, she a masturbator
Then my dick in her mouth, that's what fascinate her
I'm a legend now, passed a player, passed it player
Got the rock? Pass it player
I'm like Betty Crocker with cake, that's in layers
I had city issues before, ask the mayor (ask him)
He said, "Cam'ron, please stop this crack behavior"
(Shut the fuck up, man)
He ain't know '96, I had a knack for Gators
I come through, laugh at haters, bitches too
Wanna act, sit back, relax a player
Cause all these hoes jelly you hard
When your purelius are hard
And the Chanel, skelles to Scarfs
Have 'em sick to their stomachs, their belly's will barf
And I take them to the telly where their belly will force
"Why fucking me like that? Calm down that's my uterus
My cervix, my ovaries", relax, I'm doing this
Welcome to exclusiveness
You about to take a week off, the ultimate freak off
Hit Jimmy, Juelz, Sean, and Zeke off
Wait a minute ma', wipe that cum on your cheek OFF
I hate me a filthy hoe, but I like me a silly hoe
That way you really blow
Having to fuck cats, she don't really know
Then take all her money; you don't feel me, though
You don't understand my pimp-ery
You love them you got sympathy, fuck that, I'm into me

[Chorus: Cam'ron]
Yo, where you from dog? (HARLEM BOY, BOY)
Oh this nigga getting money? (HOLLA BOY, BOY)
Oh this cat over fronting? (FUCK BOY, BOY)
He keep that shit up, dog.. (FUCKING DROP BOY, BOY)
Oh you got that hydro? (YOU LYIN BOY, BOY)
If you need that dope, though? (WE GOT BOY, BOY)
But watch your back (FROM THE COPS BOY, BOY)
Cause they paper? (THEY WANNA STOP BOY, BOY)