[Intro]
Yeah! Ay! Dip-Set! Come on
Black-out, lets do it
Dip, dip-set!
Dip, dip, dip, dip-s
Dip, dip, dip, dip-s
Dip, dip, dip, dip

[Verse 1 - Juelz Santana]
Now this here is that bomb diggy (diggy)
Diggy dang, the dons with me
Killa, he'll kill a nigga you thinkin' bout harming me
Capo's corrupted (yup), he's wrong vato to fuck wit (yup)
Labeled and known as a young Pac to the public
And me, Human Crack in the flesh (flesh)
I'm the last of the best (best)
One word to describe me (what), spectacular, YES!
So stay calm shorty, when you see that palmed .40 (.40?)
I'll pop it slow, you'll rock and roll, like Bon Jovi
So don't fool with the click (Ay!)
Don't fool with the Dips (Ay!)
You will die, you will lie in a pool full of shit (Ay!)
When that gun with the clip in (what)
Start dumpin' and rippin', (yup)
At ya'll head, ya'll some dead summamabitches (Ay!)
You give a chick hard dick and bubblegum (Ay!)
(ay!)I give a chick a hard brick and bubble-yum (Ay!)
Like here, take that, shake that, break that (Ay!)
In half and please bring my cake back

[Hook: Juelz Santana & Jim Jones] x2
You know what the movement's like
You know how we movin', right
Move, cause we in the mood to fight

This is that get crunk move bitch
Get drunk stupid
High like space, .45 on waist

[Verse 2 - Jim Jones]
This is that bang, bang, bang
To my hooligan, gang
While you movin' them thangs
And ya toolies go bang (silence)
Call me Richochet Rabbit
Cause I click and spray matics
And my niggas straight savage (Goonies!)
Penelope pump let off six whole rounds (boom!)
'Fore (boom!) one (boom!) shell (boom!) hit (boom!) the (boom!) ground
In the hood he known as a Capo
To the goons and the heights its all tato (TATO!)
And Okay I know me some vato
In the life on movin on patos (dimelo)
Ok muchacho, they told me that you got it paco (mira)
I know movin' someone know we usually gone pop you (te matan)
This that 9 double 1, with a 9 double m
If its crime lets have fun, lets have fun, lets have fun
This that o trizzy 1, triple o, whoa, whoa
If you scared get ya gun (get ya gun, get ya gun)
This that uptop crunk
When the truck stop, dump
This where the bucs stop chump (dump, dump, dump)

[Hook: Juelz Santana & Jim Jones]
You know what the movement's like
You know how we movin', right
Move, cause we in the mood to fight

This is that get crunk move bitch
Get drunk stupid (killa, dipset, lets go)
High like space, .45 on waist

[Verse 3 - Cam' Ron]
Yo That rooti, tooti, fruity, Louie, what I usually do (what's this?)
This that jump, stop, breathe, whoody-who
Gats in the truck
Platt, platt, pass to a duck
I'm the menace, owe me money, tat, tat, tat, what the fuck
Ya'll reppin' that 5 still
I'm reppin' that 5 mill
Neverland, Thriller, Killa Cam, Jackson 5 bill (so what!)
Let's style a bit, Italian shit, five thou' outfit
Show you how to get that powder shit
Filed the fifth, jet out of it
My proud of what is yo' turn, Jim so burned
Live bitch, why kiss, on my wrist a glowworm ($50,000)
And I keep heat, cause in these streets (what you hear?)
Just hear "woop, woop, wamp, wamp, beep, beep" (that's the cops)
And you rumble: never. Me? Hit a humble diva (a few of 'em)
And I stay with the white, I got Jungle Fever (nose candy)
So tell Lucccy (what)
That her boobi's, loco, cookie monster, who he (who am I?)
I'm the 1 the rep the set
Left to left, death to death
You'll get yellow-taped, outlined, etch-a-sketched
Killa

[Hook: Juelz Santana & Jim Jones] x2
[Juelz Santana]
You know what the movement's like
You know how we movin', right
Move, cause we in the mood to fight

This is that get crunk move bitch
Get drunk stupid
High like space, .45 on waist