[Talking: Cam'ron]
Now I told shorty to curve! She like curve? I'm like curve!
She like what that mean? I'm like that mean get away from me. Ya breath stink you heard of TicTacs?
Curve man get outta here.. If Big Pun was alive, he'd tell you, 'Go that way.' Curve!

[Verse 1]
From Ecuador, extra raw
Repertoire, like the reservoir
Few Beretta scars, get ya neck ajar
Respect it Pa, don't believe, better call
I need a fr-fr-fre freak, I mean a tramp ma
And my dick you can lick like a stamp ugh
And ya back you can arch like a ramp ma
Get a helmet you about to get rammed hard
I'm Rambo, Commando, Camacho
Ya disappear, Vamanos, Vato
Got doe, Gwap ho, Shots go
Ratt ratt taat how could he not know
Louie socks though, you can see the logo
And I chop blow blow no homo
Shoot out in the woods no po-po
He wired, the deal a no go yo
I get dough though, he a no show
I'm so high high in the low low
I ain't gotta address but yo I gotta get dressed
Come watch a mobster get fresh
Lennon and ostrich on deck
I kno ya'll wish that them shots would've shot me to death but Death becomes me, you a mummy
I'm out of ur flesh dummy money bustin outta my socks and my sweats
Get cash but a lot of my gwaps in a check

[Hook]
That's my word, if homie actin absurd and he sort of like a bird, then tell tha dude to curveee
Girls too, if she gettin on ya nerves and she got a lot of nerve then tell the girl to curveee
Curve nigga, no curve trick
Curve nigga, no curve trick
Curve nigga, no curve trick
Curve nigga, no curve trick

[Verse 2]
Yo, Damn Cam why they startin wars?
Boston Garden kitchen, parquet floors
Little pimps, watch them whores
Slide em to the crib, right inside her ribs
Right outside her ribs, right inside her chips
Please stop watchin me
Look, diamonds around her wrist, house behind the cliffs
Left her equivalent, to 600 dimes of piff
Off the winner menu, I'm from a different venue
These nike's??, don't ask, discontinued
Must this continue, one clip will end you
Please stop watchin me
I can't front baby girl I'm something to watch
I ask you one thing girl, you comin or not
I make sugar melt, you don't need killa help
My doors are suicide, bitch go kill ya self
Since ya feel ya self, nine mill will steal ya health
Please stop watchin me
I kno a lot of ya'll hatin wanna clap me still
Listen good, I don't care how you actually feel
Cause I'm actually real, for real wrapped in steal
And the roof open up like a happy meal
Get a steel grip, you won't feel shit
We move single file like we on a field trip
Get ya permisson slip, can you vision it
Empty the gun son, put in a different clip

[Hook]
That's my word if homie actin absurd and he sorta like a bird, then tell tha dude to curveee
Girls too, if she gettin on ya nerves and she got a lot of nerve then tell the girl to curveee
Curve nigga, no curve trick
Curve nigga, no curve trick
Curve nigga, no curve trick
Curve nigga, no curve trick