Pull ups in the Park, in the Winter-Time
Pull up in the dark, I got a Sinner’s Mind
You kno just how i get, when it’s Dinner Time
You ain’t gotta like me but you know that I’m a Winner, 5
No disrespecting Nicky Barnes, Fritz neither
La, Az, M&M , Rich neither
But I’m top shelf, Harlem: Hall of Fame dun
The Lennox Ave "Forest Gump", I’m on the long run
Another piece, another Charm
Another Bracelet damn I need another arm
The only 2 I respect is Puff and Wan
I can’t front on Mandeces
And we got it for cheap , u kno that Mira Mira
Just picked up 30mil from Netflix
Then you wonder why I don’t Sweat Chicks
Man I Check Chicks
Even JuJu know.. Act right, or I’m on to the Next Bitch
Nah, I love you booboo, you know I’m playing Baby
Man, she know I ain’t playing Baby
Y’all be playing Crazy. Me? I be spraying 80
Pa 89. 9 tourists, I have em laying daisies

Flip the keys, 4 flights, 8 towns
Another bird with a bird on the Greyhound
Dat alll Datt Allllll Dat Alll Dat Alllllllllllllll

I need my shorty at the Mta, another at the DMV
My Mommy at the Condo, & my Baby w/ the Ebt
Dat alll Datt Allllll Dat Alll Dat Alllllllllllllll

Your Block dry, no prob i got a Brick for It
War, i see my Taylor. im Fit for it
In the Strip Club with money we got off the Strip
I ain't talking about when i say i come off the Hip
Drive bys out the Corsica
Yacht Party, i ain't talking Nautica
Not the Circle line im on a different Water bro
10 hoes, 3 O's , 2 Homies, & a Orchestra
Your Daughter Missing? No shes Not. no need Reporting her
She with White Girls, & that White Girl, they Snortin Her
Lifes a Bitch, a few Niggas i kno got caught in Her
Hit with the 45. Mother Earth, they Aborting Her
But im smoking on that mother nature
Pull It Twice, Its a Pillow, It will Suffocate Cha
I Ain't Trying It, But Chea, im Supplying It
Who Buying It? Your wrinkled feelings? No Problem. ill Iron It

Flip the keys, 4 flights, 8 towns
Another bird with a bird on the Greyhound
Dat alll Datt Allllll Dat Alll Dat Alllllllllllllll

I need my shorty at the Mta, another at the DMV
My Mommy at the Condo, & my Baby w/ the Ebt
Dat alll Datt Allllll Dat Alll Dat Alllllllllllllll