[Verse 1: Cam'Ron,  The Death ]

Ayo, I'm hit with at least ten, beat again
Hey Cam'Ron need a friend?
Aww man, we meet again
Here's your suit and tie your laced with the gear
You the same motherfucker I been chasing for years
Don't take you why not? Cause you rhyme now?
Listen here, motherfucker lie down
Yo yo chill, it ain't my time now
Come on last year you had me ducking the blaze
What about that bitch that you fucked with AIDS?
Aww shit come on death I ain't know that
You know I wouldn't of went up in that bitch kojak
Yeah, but her ass was so fat
But let's go back to when your ass stole cracks
But I was a little cat that ain't know jack
So I know that, but let's go black
When they put you in the trunk of the gold hatch
Oh yeah, with the cold rats
But back then I even came back with rabies
But you still living that was way back in the 80's nigga
But yo, you tried to get me once when my house caught on fire
So I let you go when your girl called you a liar
And choked you with your necklace
And what about when your ass drove wreckless?
Wha-what in the Lexus?
Come on now I'm thinking of Blood in the BM
Well, I know where he at nigga yo you wanna see him?
Ayo, don't play with me nigga you'll get lead in your head
Yo shut up, nigga you bout to die you can't kill me I'm dead
This is how I get extortion
I coulda got your ass when you was a portion
Mom wanted abortion
Yo, why didn't you come get me when my time was done?
When I didn't have a penny and I was confined to crumbs?
When I wanted to kill myself and couldn't find a gun
Oh yeah that time you was beeping me 911
But to me that was petty
But now I ain't ready
Man, Cam hurry up I got to go get little ready
Me and her got a little 2:00 appointment
She playing with wires while she eating on a ointment
Yo, but I don't wanna even join the casket crew
Too bad motherfucker I'll be back in a few
(Yo chill. chill chill, yo shit)

[Chorous] 3x
I swear to God I feel like death is fucking calling me
But nah, you wouldn't understand

[Verse 2: Cam'Ron, The Death]

Oh, you slid up on me
Ayo Death, hurry up before they give up on me
It's your time, it's your time
Ayo Death I forsake you, I ain't trying to snake you
Well, why shouldn't I take you?
Well, I understand I stole bottles
But nowadays I'm the one the little grove follow
Yo I'm like a role model and my girls pregnant
Look don't hand me the game
Yo for real I don't wanna see my family in pain
Look, Cam, man, shut up
But, but
What? What?
Yo man, that's fucked up
Yeah, well tough luck
Ayo just show me the light and get me through the fog
What about Mr. Diggs and Jimmy and the God?
Oh, your crew after you left they got a little chest hair
After hard rocks yo they'll meet you here next year
Ayo, what happened to them?
You know, niggas on the hill snipped them
Ayo, why they just ain't fight them?
See funerals I like em you see family and friends
Yeah don't forget the snitches
While you looking for them man I m looking for the bitches
And you don't need no ends, and nigga no friends
I'm just gonna go wit you I ain't got no wins
Let me get my shit man I'll go check it
Matter fact death you got to give me one second
Before I lay me down to sleep
I pray the Lord my soul to keep
And if I die.....
Ayo man, cut the crap man just get your shit man and that'll be that
Man fuck it death I'm ready to go lying in the ditch
Aw Cam yo you always fucking crying like a bitch
I ain't gonna take you your life you can have that
Just wanted to waste time you someone to laugh at
Ayo why you fuck with me? Just give me one answer
Ayo I see you next album with my man lung cancer

[Chorous] 6x