[Intro:]
She’s the devil on the dick [x5]
(Now turn it up!)

[Verse 1:]
She got on her knees, started givin head shots
She had my dick jumpin, so she put it in a head lock
I call her Wilma, (why?) cause she made the bed rock
She sucked it and jerked it perfect, I bust in her dreadlocks
We went to Walgreens, I almost flat out
She said "you really that nigga, look, look, yo movie in the red box"
She got the thing, we watched the shit
Now she masturbatin, she looked at me and she said flee
One word to the shot, fasten these sheets!
(Now turn it up!)
She got what you need, high speed, nigga passin me?
I say, yeah, but be yourself, here’s an application
We got in the car on the floor, I put dat mouth an shit
Took off d seatbelt, ova my pants
Pulled it out, it’s d devil on d dick, woooo!

[Chorus:]
I'm the devil on the dick [x4]
I’m-I’m-I’m-I’m the devil on the dick
Devil, the devil, I’m the devil on the dick
Dev-dev-devil, I’m the devil on the dick
De-de-de-de-devil, I’m the devil on the dick

[Verse 2:]
Start callin names again, it's all a game to him they all ashamed of him
We all fake raps on a call d game again
Send me fuckin home, d ball an chain again
There she lay, then she say, “damn, Cam you’re not at all the same man since”
She titanium, gave me cranium, nimble on the dick, female demon
Grabbed d head made it hard to breathe, she choked, then spit, then goggle me
That act for hair money, said here, honey
Here's yo shampoo, wash yo weave
By the way, that's sold by JuJu
Love how we mix d old wit d new new
My partner Chico, I play Rico, but I'm on like Lulu
(Now turn it up!)
I'm the connect, Felipe-flee, but I ain’t gettin murder, though
Smokin dat herb, we’re right on d curb
Dem birds all flip flip flip like a burger yow
(Like who?) like Mickie D’s
Let’s set it off, cause you’ll get a Big Mac click clack
An yo girl will get dat special sauce
(Now turn it up!)

[Chorus]

[Verse 3:]
I’m d devil on d dick
Badass bitch I’m d thigh on d wrist
Told y’all bitches, devils to a dick
Ass so fat look heavy on a dick
Throw it back like whiplash
Dis pussy offers as a gift wrap
Ridin roun in dat new coupe, top down I’m JuJu!
(Now turn it up!)
Tell d guy pussy cape on
Eat dis pussy my cake on
Dis pussy wet like a rainstorm
(dis pussy wet like a rainstorm)
Climb dicks like poles nigga
Hit it like I owe nigga
Make me curl my toes in, this yours nigga this yours nigga
Ride dat dick like a faux rilla
Need a roughneck not a whole nigga
His dick’s small, is yours bigga?
Nigga on here fo’ like four minutes
I’m like “nigga please, don’t need a four getter”
I need a nigga dat can go all night
Good head, long pipe
(I’m the devil on the dick)
You damn right!
(Now turn it up!)

[Chorus][x2]