Mase:
B, I'm feeling it from the heart now, B
Yo straight up, yo, this Murda, Harlem World is the clique
I'm with my nigga Killa, and we bout to lay it down for y'all niggas
All ya'll faggot ass niggas out there that wouldn't give us $300 dollars for
The tape
To make a demo, FUCK YALL NIGGAZ!
All y'all bitches that wouldn't suck my dick when I was Mason Betha
FUCK YALL BITCHES!
And all yall bitches that wanna fuck my nigga*
Huddy Combs cuz he roll with me, FUCK YALL BITCHES!!!
All y'all niggas that fucked around and made my nigga Blood can't be here
Poppin' on niggas, mayn, FUCK YALL NIGGAZ!!

*background chorus starts, goes all throughout song until noted otherwise

Background chorus:
Aaah, oooh
Fuck you, fuck you!

Cam'ron:
This goes out to Mr. Fuckin' Russell
Who never let me gamble or play numbers, you always talkin' bout
I'm fuckin' too young
And what about that fuckin', that fuckin' transit cop
Who was there every time I had to fuckin' hop the train
Wanted to play like he fuckin' ran the whole station
Like he, like he had to run the whole fuckin' shift
Also yeah, yeah...
To the teacher who failed me
To the bitch who never bailed me, yeah, you thought I wasn't getting out
Right, bitch?!
Well now, I got out, fuck you!!
Plus she never gave me no bread
Plus she never gave me no head
And that pussy was soooo wack
It was wack, B. Yo, fuck you!
Yeah, you thought I wouldn't go pro
But now I'm fuckin' yo' ho!!
HaHa!! Fuck you!!
But I know these, these bitches wanna say ' fuck these niggas', too, right?
He want you to lick his balls
But, yo, his dick is small. Ha!
Tell that nigga, fuck you!!
Fuck him, B
Yah, he always wanna come beat it
But the nigga never wanna eat it!
Fuck that nigga, Cam will eat it, I really don't care. Fuck him!
He never spends a dime
And yo he never comes home on time. Fuck them, B

(Background chorus stops)

Cam'ron, Mase, Lance "Un" Rivera, and Darryl "Digga" Branch:
Fuck you, fuck you, fu-u-u-u-uck you! FUCK YOU!
Fuck you, fuck you, fu-u-u-u-uck you! FUCK YOU!
Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you
Fuck y-o-o-o-o-o-ou! Hey!!
FUCK YOU!!!!

Cam:
Mayn, fuck you!
(laughter)

[Production By Lance "Un Rivera" & Darrell "Digga" Branch]