[Produced by A-Trak and Party Supplies]

[Intro]
Always tryna doubt a nigga 'round here
I ain't ever really lost nothin'
HARLEM!

[Verse 1]
Dame said I'm buggin' cause I wanna fight B-Hop
I said I'll fuck him up after two months of detox (true)
True, besides that, 8 mil' from Reebok
I take him to the bar, Pa, that’s 33 shots
He tellin' me I need not (what?)
He must not remember young Killa that hustled in his weed spot
When he had the black Lex and I boost tree tops
Somebody talk about him then they woulda got a speed knot
This is when me and Hud sorta ran the G spot
Older niggas left and we came in with green tops
Listen here, so you got my vision clear
Never for pro but I made niggas disappear (poof!)
Niggas know not to fuck with me (word!)
And my record is sucka free
This money, I've been makin' it work
So A-Trak, let's take 'em to church
They don't hear me though!

[Interlude]
Na'm sayin'?
I ain't fight my way to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian
I'll get my own
Bank is a place still lend you money
If you prove you gon' need it, nahmean?

[Verse 2]
My parents got high, no lie, it's no shame
A product of dust, lust, and cocaine
Still cool with some niggas though, that sniff 'caine
That grow weed to grow hair like Rogaine
Heartless to the core, feel no pain
That's models, hood rats, old flames
Bitch niggas, haters, famous, no names
Street fighter.. I throw flames
On the strip, no strippers
But she suckin' the tip, I might tip her
Understood in my hood, that's the way we go
You can't comprehend or understand the ratio
From a baby, yo, pop got no money for milk
The .380 blow, up-up-away we go
No cash to help out your lady, yo
And look out for baby bro
Should I rob a bank? Tell me somethin', yes, go, maybe, no
What I do next? Get crackhead fellatio
They thought I was slow like Radio
A couple years later, though, they heard me on the radio

Whoa, bro, yo, Killa (..Killa)
A-Trak, na'm sayin?
It's heartfelt

[Outro: A-Trak scratches]
Killa Cam in the buildin'
Dipset!
What the game been missin'
Somethin' incredible that's about to take place
Cam got the shit to pop