What up niggas, bitches, hustlers, gamblers, scramblers, gangsters, go getaways, chance takers, cake bakers, money makers, faggots, bitches, hoes, bums, dead beat dads, bitch ass niggas, prostitution hookers, greetings beloved
I wanna give a quick apology to a couple people my man Tom Gist, Robert Earl, Early Light and Hazardous of North Carolina we got some unfinished business we gonna take care off
The biggest apology to my man Funk master Flex & Team Bump well everybody over there my man Paul and Mrs Funk master Flex. I'm sorry I missed a couple of appointments over their. I got an idea though flex. The next car show we can have at my house. I just flew in a Saleen 7 a three seater Volvo. Along with a whole another assortment of shit I ain't gotta talk about right now. We'll get some velvet fucking rope, and take the shit off and have the next car show at my house
Now, I never seen such foolishness, buffoonery, hogwash and a bigger baffle ever in my life. I must applaud y'all, I must applaud y'all
First I got punched in my eye, WORD
Then I got a black eye, WORD
Then I got a broke jaw, WORD
Then I got robbed, again, WORD
Ayo, check this out
Next time y'all doing a movie, just send me my script. I promise I'll play my part a little better man. Please just send me the script ahead of time, please
But I guarantee y'all man, that dark day is coming baby. But y'all know what I think? I went and bought everybody some rings, everybody who was talking I bought y'all some rings. Not for your fingers, for your toes dude. And for your belly button no homo dude. Put them on immediately, I'ma come drop this shit's off put em on your toes and your belly buttons immediately. Then go get your eyebrows arched, after that
Now let's get to some immediate business, Jim Jones. That is my partner, that's my friend. He ran with me over 10 years, he deserves all the success he gets, he's worked hard to get it, but y'all motherfuckers got to realize, ain't nothing lasting forever. I wish that man nothing but the best of luck, and success, and I hope he goes all the way to the motherfucking top, and have a great career. Best of luck beloved
Now, last April, fresh off Curtis ass, I was remanded by my probation. When I get down to probation, 107th Street, 11th floor, probation officer, Arrival, how you doing sir. He told me to be there, and I get there as NYPD enter, with YouTube on. NYPD enter with YouTube on? Asking if I got beef with Jay-Z and Curtis for real? I said sir, how do I have beef with people that be with y'all all day. 24 hours a day, how am I beefing with them? This is all Baloney, this like the WWF. He said that's what I thought. You know what here's my card anyway, and you stay in town. If anything goes wrong you let us know. I said yes sir
Two weeks after that, I was let off probation by the honorable Judge Cataldo. Thank you Mr Cataldo. I got a smart remark on T.V. that I was on YouTube saying it was gonna be a hot summer
A week after that landing in Newark Airport, yeah I said Newark y'all I flew commercial. Teterboro is like a fucking bus stop right now, everybody flying in their but I'ma start flying out of Westchester but I did take a commercial flight. I said Newark I landed in Newark. Greeted by who, NYPD enter. I said how y'all doing? He said why did you leave? I said the honorable Judge Cataldo let me off probation, I'm aloud to go where I want sir. They said well we seen's you on YouTube. I said why do y'all keep watching YouTube? Why are y'all on YouTube? He said that's our job to be on YouTube. What y'all mean by hot summer? I said this is business, I explained to y'all this is the WWF. He said well we'll be around this summer just to make sure. I said well stick around. But that ain't even the reason I wasn't here. I had a family emergency that took a few months of my time. But during that time, how the fuck y'all act like you haven't been gaffing. How y'all acting like Curtis do not mean "police". How y'all acting like I ain't name this dude's album "Curtis". You've been hoodwinked, you've been bad boosting, you've been let astray. Dudes talking about I'm missing. Let me run my motherfucking resume down to y'all dudes
I got six solo albums
Four gold or platinum albums
One movie soundtrack
One platinum movie
I've executive produced 17 albums
How the fuck am I missing man? Catch up dudes
To all my homie's, all my down ass bitches, residents of Harlem. I apologize