[Tom Gist]

(I miss you homie.  Yeah)

See they kilt him on a Sunday
We was supposed to do a song that Monday
Had dreams of getting on, one day, somehow, someway
We would jump at the chance, like a good pump fake
Said we wouldn't change and stay hungry
But if I keep it funky 
Even Pac had to do the Humpty
Sometimes bummy with a stack on him
Sometimes fresh with cracks on him, figure him out
He never shouted when he rhymed (nah)
Respected words, could move mountains with his mind (word up)
His best was first
We in the hood, and I'm stressing (I'm buggin)
He said they kill Martin Luther King, but not his message
The jewels he dropped
He never bragged about the tools he copped (never)
But he had 'em
One rule, shit, if they try to rob me, get at 'em
And that's the way he fell up in Harlem
He stuck to his words, they had to kill him just so they could rob him

[Chorus]
Asking why?
The nigga had to die?
It don't make sense

(Shit is crazy, man.  The nigga just ain't give up the fucking jewelry, man.  Damn.)

[Cam'Ron]
Z died in '97
March 2nd, before 9/11 (World Trade ???)
He won't see my Porsche 911 or the crystal in my place
He dead, they said, get him a page on MySpace (get out my face with that)
I turned my back and think
I embedded the wreath??? (me)
The casket drop, huh, I was dead on my feet (like a pallbearer)
Yeah he resting in peace (what?)
But because of him (what?)
It's plaques on my wall, ya'll, instead of my teeth. (thank God)
Madison Ave, got the leathers from North Beach (the hobo joint)
Beamer in Philly, got broads from Broad Street
He had the Honda Accord, made it more sweet (what up skeet)
We balled every summer like West 4th Street (not the tournament)
Now your face on the wall, next to liquor you figure
They could read what you wrote
Scripture is next to your picture (got your lyrics next to it)
Might shed a tear but real men are here (believe that)
It's hard to believe, my nigga, it's been 10 years, yeah

[Chorus]

[Tom Gist]
His kids won't know him
Who they father was?  I'm a show 'em
The world rotating in slow motion
Lights are dim
Hands crossed in his casket, no life within
Some people they are phony
I might be wrong, but it's easier to struggle with your homie
I write this song with a swift pen
And just then, the shit kicked in
Like, I'll never see my nigga again (never)
I can't meet him outside (nah)
Dead, we can't play live
Bum joystick, he can't take mine
Called him a rebel with a cause (cause)
Shit was strange, but there's things you can gain in loss
That was my dog (dog)
To the deathbed, I'm missing you bro (I miss you bro)
Ya, still chasing dreams, still sick with the flow
I gotta breeze, but I'm a see you in a minute (one minute)
I'm just hoping, that heaven got a studio in it

[Damn, crazy.  It's my nigga, like, damn near my brother, unowaimsayin?, like damn near, damn near me, man.  I'm a keep striving though.  I'm a keep rhyming though.  Cam, it's for you homie.]