[Chorus: Aaliyah sample]
Let me know, let me know....
Ha-ah-ha, let me know
Let me know, let me know....

[Verse 1]
See when I met the girl she had a life
Two kids, a man, hell, I had a wife
That ain't stop us from meeting up in whatever weather
Now I feel like Carl Thomas... (wish I never met her)
Understand baby girl I love when I'm with you
Then a tear comes down, she touching a tissue (don't cry)
I ain't coming to diss you, I'm discussing it with you
See the sex is great, but trust is the issue
I hug and I kiss you, with a doubt in mind
You out of sight, but out of sight is out of mind
You out your boundaries clowning me (I ain't having that)
You sneaky, she said no, ma you snuck around with me
(That's how we met)
I know you down for me, don't be ridiculous (and look stupid)
But I'm kind of wild, and you're promiscuous (you know you a flirt)
Feeling like this, I'm sick of this
My pride, I'm risking this, baby can you get with this, if so...

[Chorus: Aaliyah sample]
Let me know, let me know....
La ah - ah-ah-ah... (G-O-D...)
Let me know.....

[Verse 2]
Killa..
Yo, the kissing, the hugging (yeah)
The licking, the sucking (no)
Forget all the rubbing (ma), come get with your husband (husband)
Admit I was bugging, but let me get on your muffin
And, just give you some loving
Forget all the fussing (fussing)
Both had a headache, had to get us some buffing
We did this from nothing, ma we ain't did this for nothing
I know at times I ruffle your feathers
Burned the pink mink, yeah, a couple of leathers (I hate that)
Night to day, day to night, we hustle together (hustle together)
Cops came, said "Cam, we in trouble together" (the federales)
I know a couple bad boys (yes)
And I can't help I'm a little duffle bag boy, but
We can go to sleep, wake up to grits and eggs (eggs)
After grits and eggs (what), some more tits and legs (hahaha)
I'm just playing but you sexy though
If not tonight, text me though and let me.. know

[Chorus: Aaliyah sample]
Let me know, let me know...
La-ah-ah-ah-ha-ha-ha
Let me know....