[Intro: Juelz Santana]
Gangsta music part 2, Dipset
Killa, Heatmakerz, Juelz Santana
C'mon, let's do it
Can I get a, jeah, jeah, jeah, jeah
Everywhere, jeah, jeah
Up, down, left, right, jeah, jeah, jeah, jeah
Shorty's movin' again, jeah, shorty's loose with the pen, jeah
Shorty do it to win, jeah, jeah, jeah, jeah

[Verse 1: Juelz Santana]
They say I walk around like I got a S on my chest
TEC on my left, gangstas with me ready to step
I like a chick with big breasts on her chest
Not flat lookin' like somebody stepped on her chest
What, (jeah) shit, (jeah) fuck, (jeah) bitch, (jeah)
You so crazy (ay! ay! ay! ay!)
My niggas spit the Glock, rude boi lick a shot
Never seen a bigger pot, cook it to a bigger rock
And I be with them gangstas , I creep with the gangstas
Crack a dutch or Philly and chief chief with the gangstas
I stay with a lady, she stay with a lady
They makin' me crazy (ay! ay! ay! ay!)
I spray 'em with babies, in they face 'til they hate me
And I'm makin' 'em crazy (ay! ay! ay! ay!)
And they like when I do it, they like when I move it
They like when I work it, they like when I hurt it
I stay icy on purpose, like icy preservers
More than likely I'm the nicest you hearda (jeah!)

[Chorus: Juelz Santana]
I'm movin', movin', movin'
He's movin', movin', movin'
We movin', movin', movin'
Stop movin' - shot bruise 'em
Two more for Cam for takin' over the Roc
(Jeah! Jeah!) It's my year so
It's like the whole Byrd Gang's in here
Like Kurt Cobain's was here (ay! ay! ay! ay!)

[Verse 2: Juelz Santana]
Still listen to gangsta music, how them gangstas do it
Shorty came to do it (ay! ay! ay! ay!)
I bang with the five I see hate in ya eyes
You waitin' to die (ay! ay! ay! ay!)
I pray for you guys, hate to keep wastin' your lives
Love to keep bakin' new pies, scrapin' the scrapes off the side
You can love it, you can hate it
You can want it
I'm Babe Ruth in this game, beige coupe in the lane
State Troopers they came, damn he's movin' again
I'm a better child, you's a pedophile
I go throw lead around, my hoes throw head around
They DTP's deep throat professionals
My D.I.P.'s we so professional
Got weed, coke, and ecstasy, lean, dope, and wet to sell
We blow jars of the dank, like Bob Marley was wake
Real shottas, fuck ya foreigners stay
I'm movin', movin', movin' (ay!)
Y'all losin', losin', losin' (jeah!)

[Chorus: Juelz Santana]
I'm movin', movin', movin'
He's movin', movin', movin'
We movin', movin', movin'
Stop movin' - shot bruise 'em
Two more for Cam for takin' over the Roc
(Jeah! Jeah!) It's my year so
It's like the whole Byrd Gang's in here
Like Kurt Cobain's was here

[Verse 3: Cam'ron]
I'm on the south side of Chicago lookin' for a real hoe
I don't see a touchdown; arms up, field goal
Got some ill gold, diamonds that's still low
Lil' dick, you a dickhead, nah, dildo
I chill though, pipin' in the Range
All this icin' I'm ashamed, look like lightnin' in the chain
Who was first that moved with they fam?
Ask you, tattoos on they hand
Slang all the white, cruise with the tan
Pink on they back, blue in they band
Yellow on his ear, steam on the rock
Purple in the air, green in his pocket
I ain't dissin' you, dog, I'm dismissin' you
Get the R. Kelly tape and see how we piss on you
That's Kool-Aid, Mountain Dew, and Cris' on you
Your family will be missin' you, there's a kiss for you

[Chorus: Juelz Santana]
I'm movin', movin', movin'
He's movin', movin', movin'
We movin', movin', movin'
Stop movin' - shot bruise 'em
Two more for Cam for takin' over the Roc
(Jeah! Jeah!) It's my year so
It's like the whole Byrd Gang's in here
Like Kurt Cobain's was here