[Intro:]
You know if I happen to leave, man
You won't see nobody cryin
It's all good baby
How they say, I got mine
Make sure you get yours
Lemme run it down, tho

[Verse 1:]
See your boy is tough, they applauding us
If I leave, don't be sad, I been on tour wit Puff
Rapped with Ma$e, Busta, Prodigy, and ODB
Lil Wayne, Baby, Juve, Biggie Smalls smoked with me
Threw a rope to me, Ohio got smoke for me
Maryland? Dope for me! Cubans sent coke to me
Slept in Mariah house, Four Seasons Vivica
Rikers Isle, sixth building for me - prisoner
Rode jets with Kevin Lyles
(Got call from Kevin Childs)
Forever style, did Detroit, '98, 7 mile
I was livin' negative way before the record biz
But check the credits, 20 albums, I produced, executive
Consecutive! Did songs with T.I. and his brother Dro
Club promoter? Yep, for Kanye, I booked a couple shows
And that ain't 5% of my resume
That was only what I thought about yesterday

[Chorus:]
If I were to go away would you be good everyday?
Or would you be strugglin'? Boy, you gotta know
What I do is one thing, but you gon' do your thing
Just keep up the hustlin', I know you can hold it
Down down down down down down
You can hold it down down down down down[x3]
(You be good on your own)

[Verse 2:]
See, I have my own liquor, homie Sizzurp by the case load
Cologne in Macy’s baby, way before J-Lo
Paid In Full co-star, thought I made my own point
Killa Season, Spike Lee, yeah I did my own joint
Got the cream, did a magazine which we own
Chill with Bun B, Pimp C., Sweet Jones
House in West Palm, my address, Bel Air (Fresh Prince)
Hell yeah! Niggas talk and talk, who the hell cares?
Hell no! I done been a way long from welfare
Selling dimes, chasin' fiends, now I got a healthcare
Understand it love fly high, kiwin dove
For my niggas hands and hugs, wanna thank the man above

[Chorus]

[Verse 3:]
I done been round and round, housing down in every town
Drivin round, when it come to weed, I sold five thousand pounds
Ten thousand pills, fifty people up in a large line
Couple hundred keys and please, that was part-time (one week)
Been through some hard times, hard grind
Right on the block ahk, sellin' hard dimes
Roll down my when it come to our hard shine
You'll have a hard time
Did Italy, The Kentucky Derby
Cursed out Bill O'Reilly, did 60 Minutes dirty
Share VIP with Michael Jordan
Mayweather-Pacquiao fights, damn, your life is boring
Award me this, by Nature I'm the Naughtiest
Jarrett Jack, KG, Nate, had em on 40th, baby (Lennox)

[Chorus]