[Intro: Cam'ron]
Uh, let me tell you somethin
Act your age, and I ain't even, matta fact, listen to me
Let me tell you somethin
AAAYYYYOOOOW!

[Verse: Cam'ron]
Don't make me come at y'all, y'all don't wanna brawl
Make me run at y'all gun at y'all, take it all run it all
Actually there's a front it all lemme talk to y'all
Done it all y'all ain't even begun to ball
Winter, spring, summer, fall
The cream still stackin if the fiends still crackin
You the same one cryin, for that Billy Jean jacket black fever
Pussy ass, don't smoke no pot neither
Mommy take care of your high fever neighborhood watch leader
Close the drapes up, make the tape duct tape your face up
I fuck wit more powder, then makeup get em laced up
P doe, have a party for the brother
15 minutes, but I feel sorry for your mother
I kill like the greats did
Had a state bid for stashin little Nate
(He was only eight) but I hate kids
I know all parents think they experts
But yo my TEC bursts is death spurts
Wet hearts and Guess shirts, what!

Uh, Uh, Uh, RRRRRRRRRRRRRR!
AAAYYYYOOOOW! Lets get it on baby (what)
Cause I'm ready to start
Take the locks of the cage cause I'm ready to bark
And niggas gonna know when it's on for the heart
Niggas gonna go when it's on motherfuckers
Mad trucks you know
They feelin' it I'm flippin' it to niggas
Got them thinkin' that they real in it
You hear that but don't go near that you better fear that
You was the one that wanted to have the house
Wit the the pool right?
Where it at RRRRRRRRRRRRRR! don't make me bite you
I used to fuck wit yo' sista don't make me fight
You see how I play wit it but stay wit it I'm ok with it
I'll do it, but he will be the nigga that they say did it
What you don't know is gonna get you fucked up
And when you don't roll it's gonna get you stuck up
Niggas want what (what), thats what I thought
Dark Man baby, X for short

What, what, what, uh, what, what, uh, what, what

RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!
AAAYYYYOOOOW!

Runnin around niggas like circles I hurt you
"Did I do that?" Just like Urkel I jerk you
Yo, aiyyo, it's Harlem World NY yo what try yo luck
But I know what niggas won't know how you're stuck
Body right beside your truck, what
But they're screamin' I'm screamin'
But they're screamin' ice creamin
They should have fuckin' known
There was no such thing as an ice demon
Aiyyo, you dogs don't play wit me I'll beat yo' ass from A to Z
Bag you up like A & P DMX n' KFC
Bench nigga I'm a bless niggas wit my slugs stress niggas
I'm a wet niggas wit my thugs
Yo, yo, aiyyo when niggas like to act ain't no wonder
I creep aiyyo don't make me put your ass nigga, under my feet
Ha ha, hold me down baby bark at your dog
Let me know if it's real walk in the fog
And then we hit 'em, slap 'em, click 'em, cap 'em
Stick 'em, tap 'em, motherfuckers all know how we have 'em, what!

Where my dogs at? (what)
Uh, where my dogs at? (what, uh)
Uh, where my dogs at? (what)
Cam, my nigga
AAAYYYYOOOOW!

DMX, Cam'Ron, Def Jam, Untertainment, what
AAAYYYYOOOOW!