[Intro: Cam'ron]
Look ma
I don't care who you with, I ain't here to shoot the shit
You see me, you gon' see an exclusive whip
A coupe de six, that's neither here nor there
But we can be here or there, you feel me?
I'm Killa, so that means you're dealing with scrilla
You ever felt Chinchilla, huh?

[Verse 1: Cam'ron]
Killa!
Ayo she even on the internet (computer), or watching lifetime (TV)
But she never met me in her lifetime (never)
Wore a size five (five), roll with five-nine (nine)
I keep nine nines, nine for the pipeline

[Verse 2: Hell Rell]
And they call me Ruger Rell, how you doing baby? (what's good?)
I'm like U-Haul with the bricks, I can move 'em baby
Yeah Mr Campbell, I'm kind of suped ma
But I ain't into talking unless you getting in the coupe mama

[Verse 3: Cam'ron]
Yeah, plus her eyes hot (hot), get in my drop (drop)
She said why, shit I'm like why not? (c'mon)
Where you wanna go, the waffle house IHOP?
Now sit ya head in my lap, meet cyclops

[Verse 4: Hell Rell]
Or we can do Mr. K's on the weekdays
Steakhouse weekends, feeling using sheepskins (word)
Now I'm all grown up with a peach Benz (that's right)
I'm tryna fuck, I ain't really wanna be friends

[Hook]
She fly (she fly), she cute (she cute)
She ride (in what?), in coupes (oh)
She shrewd, she nice, she rude
But she still want something new

[Verse 5: Cam'ron]
Dipset, remember some are crazy (loco)
But you been mad since Brenda had a baby ('91)
I'm just a offspring, members of the 80's
Give surrender to his lady, get offended if they play me (whoa!)
I know, a lot of men are phony
You just looking for that homey that can be your tenderoni (tenderoni)
The one and only, that stop from being lonely
The Chachi to your Joanie, to rock ya, little pony

[Verse 6: Hell Rell]
Hell Rell and a model sitting in a GT, K-I-S-S-I-N-G
First come love, nah it ain't love
I'm a gangsta, make her hold my guns and my drugs
Yeah I know she feeling a gangsta, but it's hard for her to deal with a gangsta
Cause there's certain things she gotta do to keep me happy
Fry some good chicken, when I hit it call me daddy
I'm from Weeks Ave mama, I get cash mama
Those some sexy thighs, I like that ass mama
I'm something like a G cause I bust my mag
Mama you don't love me, you just love my swag

[Hook]

[Verse 7: Cam'ron]
And I'm lactose intolerant
Pack toast, no tolerance
Black Mac in backpack, Blackjack and holla since
Any turbulance (turbulance), we'll go to Providence
I keep the murder tints, on the Impala mint
Any murder prints? (shh), no acknowledgement
I go to work sir (sir), she in college miss
If I like her I'm cuffing her
The wife of a hustler, be nice to ya customers (customers)
When she bite it I muzzle her
Tight when I cuddle her, that's right when I puzzle her (puzzle her)
Yeah I'm right for the jugular
I ain't tryna juggle ya, diamonds when I smother her

[Verse 8: Hell Rell]
And you know all my guns got a muffler
Just wanna see the slut in her, I don't want a hug from her (nope)
This the life and I'm living it up
And if you wanna be with a G, then get in my truck (get in)

[Hook]