Brooklyn, Harlem...my man Lil Fame on the beat, M.O.P, Dipset!

[Verse 1]
Hey Suga Duga
Sold a million and ain't comfortable? Poor boy (poor boy Shawn)
And you thirty you still could go to the store boy
Well at the store get a Windex, clean the Range (that's for the windows)
Chicken wings and fried rice, keep the change (keep that, $2)
Admit you got the coupe shot, well you lame buzzin (stupid ass)
I'm not Pac, Big or Harold, Kane cousin? (I'm not none of them)
Let me explain something, propane with the flames buzzing
Young fella, umbrellas can't stop when this rain coming (tat tat tat)
Lemme leave him alone, hop on a paper plane (with Fizzle)
Why I'm beefing for? He still ain't even say my name (he scaaaared)
He know the kid, the deal (deal), F how you bitches feel (feel)
I'm on the gravy train (train), it got biscuit wheels (biscuit wheels?)
The ones the chicks could feel, like Dorothy clicking heels
My car Babyface (why?)....it got that Whip Appeal (oww!)

[Hook]
Killa!

Where my baby, my baby
You know my lady, my lady
She never play me, just lay me
That's my suga duga (suga duga)

I see ya vision, you stripping
For tuition, just listen
I ain't knockin your mission
You my suga duga (suga duga)

You, me, Saks Five
Nemus, act live
Wrist fit, that size girl
Hey suga duga (suga duga)

I wanna beat it, in the bed I'm undefeated
Ya ass right, and look at the cleavage
Hey suga Duga (suga duga)
Hey suga Duga (suga duga)
Hey suga Duga (suga duga)
Hey suga Duga (suga duga)

[Verse 2]
Don't wanna hurt ya heart (not at all), I feel we deserve a start
You smart, and me ma? (huh), I'm a work of art (I'm a different story)
You I'm admiring, you feel that you tired then (why's that?)
School ain't paying and you saying they ain't hiring (been down that road)
Been there, told you different then I'd be lying then (I'd be lying)
My boss ain't have a gun so I was doing firing (that's another story)
That's neither here or there, it's you I'm tryna ask about (what you like?)
You like the internet, desire, fashion house? (I know you watching that)
You from a bad block, worst ave, dead street (both from Harlem)
Ya baby father, why bother, his nickname is dead beat (we'll break a deal)
You raise em' all alone, them kids you could call your own (your own)
You need a helping hand, well baby girl call the phone (gmme ya number)
You can't move in but my crib you could call your home, all the stones, just don't do me like Paula Jones

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Hey Suga Duga! (hey boo boo!), pusher pusher (pusher?)
Calm down I ain't call you a hooker, hooker (right)
Nah I'm the nookie nooga (nooga), then I look and took her
"What about my man?" (pffft), tell em' Cam getting booga booga (knocking her)
You know the toolery, the jewelry, he front they'll be a eulogy, you don't know about the kid, well Google me (dot com me)
And truthfully, y'all sounding like some fools to me (pssh, c'mon), we could pull the guns out and duel it b, it's cool with me (at high noon)
Got a slug import, Lennox Ave. thug resort (that's where I be), not on vH1 (but?)but I Love New York (not the girl)
Some fiends love to snort, lawyers that'll smother court, right where they mothers fought but ma that's another sport (that's another sport)

[Hook]