[Intro]
Female: Hey Cam we're going to the park, you want to come?
Cam'ron: Man, fuck you shorty. I don't do what everybody else do. You want to hang with me, come to my world

[Verse 1]
Reporting live girl (from where)
From where they kidnap and hide girls (wifey in the cut)
But I got four or five side girls
Five in ya dry curls
Girl what you talking about? Yo who you talking to?
Welcome to my world
Where you might get your shit laced
Girls got their wigs laced
Spit on cop cars, rip up parking tickets
They still having dog fights, they still having dog fights?!
Man they don't care about Vick case
The corner store is a cover up
Girls fight at the nail salon
Baby mom and wifey, well see they don't get along
(They tried to blame me though)
I say you bitches done got it wrong (Word up)
Old girl got me fucked up
This cold world got you sucked up, oh well tough luck
I'd like to take this time, New York City
Man what the fuck's up?

[Hook]
Welcome to my world (x2)
Female: Girl you know my baby father ain't give me no money in 2 years? He ain't even get the kids no school clothes, but he going to ask me to suck his dick. (Mhm) Welcome to my world

[Verse 2]
Welcome to my world (what up)
That's what you fools be dreaming about
The two-door I be leaning out
Not Arizona, but my cousin in Phoenix house
I hope that he detox
Man they better clean him out, But look cribs we clean 'em out
Go in your grill like Paul Wall
Like dominoes you all fall
And I'm like Santa, yea I got something for all y'all
That Johnson and Johnson
That ain't no baby powder (Go ahead and just taste it)
What you're thinking it may be flour
(5, 5 thick thighs)
Yeah she got some lady power
I nutted on her face, baby that's just a baby shower
Been doing this before Bathing Apes
Moving out state to state
Man I been on this paper chase
Niggas just hate to hate, but they know I be making pape
Don't matter the season
But I been about shake n' bake (no homo)
Man I told all you hoes before
I don't care we could go to war
My homies unload the four
I know that you know the score
And my jewelry?
You can't get out no clothing store (shit)

[Hook]
Welcome to my world (x4)