[Intro: Cam'ron]
Uh, uh yeah
We back in the fucking building
Diplomats, Young Guru, Jim Jones, Santana, Freekey
Came in second half
Shit man, only thing we really wanna know right now is
What? Is what's really good? That's the question

[Verse 1: Cam'ron & DMX]
Killa, Killa...
Suicide sickness, child negligence
Homicide fingerprints, wild evidence (but what?)
But thou shall, respect me bloaw, bloaw
Clap, clap, pow, pow, bow down, nigga
Be in Columbus never seen Bow Wow (Nope)
We big dogs, all on the chow down
Chow, and Mr. Giles, laid back
Santana locked up, get him out ASAP
Aight, now boy, not tonight
I wear a bomb to the court like it's a icy white
I'm real icy right, still in the hood
But the question for y'all is WHAT'S REALLY GOOD?
Nothing, see me on CL 55, black scooped it up
A-K activated, act stupid, one did act stupid
MAC had to move it, from the hood like WHAT'S REALLY GOOD?
I had to lay 'em down, clip him up, sprayed around
Split him up, he played the ground, Leave? Naw stayed around
Outlaw on the street, shot four from the three
Southpaw Portuguese, WHAT'S REALLY GOOD? Now..

[Chorus: Cam'ron & DMX]
To all my ladies, ghetto to ghetto
Heels, sneakers, slippers, stilettos, hello
Diplomats are coming to your hood
And we wanna know WHAT'S REALLY GOOD?
All my niggas, block for block
Rock for rock, top for top
Top a top (top), stash your Glocks under the hood
And niggas wanna know WHAT'S REALLY GOOD?

[Verse 2: Jim Jones & DMX]
Okay I admit
I mean they said I was tripping had to re-edit the spin
.44 lead when I'm spitting
Shots to the head of my victims
Big deserts we gripping to dry out, you in the desert is slipping
They go through extreme measures to get 'em
Them chains and them treasures that glisten
You got three hideouts, a bed in the system
My brethren I miss them
So please tell me y'all  WHAT'S REALLY GOOD?
Top of the drop when it's missing
MY block when it's clicking, these rocks when they glisten
WHAT'S REALLY GOOD?
145th on this crunk, big 45th in my trunk
Big gaudy wrist on you chumps
WHAT'S REALLY GOOD?
Mostly me and sometimes them
But mostly me, oh shit man, that's one time Jim
(Squalie!!!) so through your set up please
And let me know if you really good
And let me know if you really hood

[Chorus: Cam'ron & DMX]
To all my ladies, ghetto to ghetto
Heels, sneakers, slippers, stilettos, hello
Diplomats are coming to your hood
And we wanna know WHAT'S REALLY GOOD?
All my niggas, block for block
Rock for rock, top for top
Top a top (top), stash your Glocks under the hood
And niggas wanna know WHAT'S REALLY GOOD?

[Verse 3: Cam'ron & DMX]
Killa...
I like this beat, drums and bells
Remind me of bullets, bodies, guns and shells
I don’t talk to birds, Polly want a cracker, Polly wanna cracker
When she on the stand, you probably wanna smack her
Probably wanna clap her, end your day properly
Air the shit out like the end of "State Property"
No run away robbery
Gunner stay happily, the end I see prophecy
WHAT'S REALLY GOOD?
I'm in the buggy mon', with the Rugby on
Air Force Ones, looking like Lucky Charms
Lotta dudes, yelling out "Fuck me, huh?"
I'll blow this bitch dog, what the fuck we on?

[Verse 4: Juelz Santana & DMX]
(It's Santana..) I'm straight out the box homie
Straight to the stoop
Straight to the booth when I stepped out the box homie
I still got the scent of the box on me
Grimy clothes, funky arms, my socks dirty
I told you I can count on my boy
I'm in trouble, need bail money, dialled on my boy
Shit, and just when I thought it was getting worst
I was bailed out scot-free, spitting this verse, uh-huh
You don't sit in the dirt, clips'll disperse
WHAT'S REALLY GOOD? ME, MOTHERFUCKER!!!
Don't play with this, I'm so great at this
Santana, bandana, release the eight and spit, come on...

[Chorus: Cam'ron & DMX]
To all my ladies, ghetto to ghetto
Heels, sneakers, slippers, stilettos, hello
Diplomats are coming to your hood
And we wanna know WHAT'S REALLY GOOD?
All my niggas, block for block
Rock for rock, top for top
Top a top (top), stash your Glocks under the hood
And niggas wanna know WHAT'S REALLY GOOD?