White Powder
Ft. Cam'ron

(Intro)
Fat life, ya see me, nigga?
Aye, Big Bees, wassup!
AC murda, it's 1 million $ a race, huh
Gotta get this money

(Verse)
I could take a whole key, break it down to the town (bring it down to the town)
I could take a whole key, break it down to the town (bring it down to the town)
I could take a whole key, break it down to the town (bring it down to the town)
I could take a whole key, break it down to the town (bring it down to the town)

(Verse: Jim Jones)
I could take a whole key, bring it down to the town
All my niggas still down for the crown
Take a couple shots, take the crown off yo mind
Got the big 4-5 and I was walkin' outta prime (Miami shit)
112, let the thing go, whachya gon' do?
With my animals like I'm comin' from a zoo
Nigga ill, but I'm not comin' down with the flu
Hot fashion, love it when they mean all that sly fashion
Least 100 G's in my ride passion
Used to think I bought a ride just to crash it (fucka)
I got a couple foreign cars crashed in the demolition
Nigga comin' short, couple niggas, couple missiles
Not part of sin, I am not a politician
Take a vote on a nigga, let my niggas go and hit 'im (he gone)
Stick to the plan, gotta get high befo' I get on a plane
Nigga fly pilot, do that shit on a plane
If I get caught by the cops, ain't no shit to explain

(Hook)
(Do it for the fresh ones, do it for the fresh x2)
I could take a whole key, break it down to the town (bring it down to the town)
I could take a whole key, break it down to the town (bring it down to the town)
I could take a whole key, break it down to the town (bring it down to the town)
I could take a whole key, break it down to the town (bring it down to the town)

(Verse 2: Jim Jones)
Got me sittin' at the table, got the fan on us, hot
Sittin' by the stove turnin' grams into rocks
Tryin' to cook a ki, 30 grand, two pots
Nigga one more flip then the man in the drop
Lookin' at the block, goddamn, wanna ?
Strict so hot, got a tan on the block
We got tan on the block, I could disappear
Nigga, ten grand on this spot
White powder, all a nigga know is the white powder
He ain't gonna check if ya like the shower
Call the goons up, get yo life devoured (fucka)
Ain't nothin' new when I'm comin' through, bitch
Bitch seen bunnies in the watch and a couple new whips
Stuntin' in the drop like what it do, bitch
We can take it out to Vegas, whachya wanna do, slick?
We still Payed In Full, finna shot, clip the AK, it's full
These niggas lookin' like I payed a fool
I give four niggas here (?) while I play the pool(?)

(Verse 3: Cam'ron)
Take a whole key, break it down to a dock
Take an OG, see him bail for the grind

(Breaka breaka 1-9, breaka breaka 1-9)
(Fool work for us, stand in line)
So crapped by the group call
That ?'s for suits all
Honey, what's shakin'?
BK to make a new call
Only if you knew home
Work like in new form
We pinture till the sky is gray
Wiggamo, puto
Don't know what you on! Hustle like unicorn(?)
You pay full price, stats
We don't do coupons
Watch me juju
Go and get a groove on
Got hoes and they feel me
Pictures just move on

(Outro)
I don't see none of y'all
Prayin' I would see more
You was in the mall with niggas
Yeah, trying shoes on
I don't really care, tho
Still spendin' like a loop hole
Brought that kilo in the dock
Oh, they say is you from?(?)

(Hook)
I could take a whole key, break it down to the town (bring it down to the town)
I could take a whole key, break it down to the town (bring it down to the town)
I could take a whole key, break it down to the town (bring it down to the town)
I could take a whole key, break it down to the town (bring it down to the town)