[Intro: Cam'ron]
Yo this is a Roc-A-Fella remix
Killa Cam, man, you what it is, Dipset

[Verse 1: Amerie (Cam'ron)]
So many things I'm going through (what you going through?)
So much that I wanna do (what?)
It's starting to become so clear to me (uh huh)
Tomorrow ain't really guaranteed (right)
So many days I've thought of you
It's about time you knew the truth (holla then)
Got to act quickly you and I (uh huh)
And fall in love so many reasons why

[Chorus: Amerie (Cam'ron)]
Why don't we, so why don't we, don't we
Why don't we, why don't we, why don't we fall in love
(Slow down ma) why don't we fall in love
(I got to get to know you first, you know) it's so many reason
(It's a lot of reasons) it's the only thing that matters to me
Why don't we fall in love (huh, holla at me though!)

[Verse 2: Amerie (Cam'ron)]
It takes such a load off to let you know
That your the only one I never want to go
Things I never did now I want to do (that's sweet)
A love I never felt now I feel for you (how cute)
Why don't I just swallow each and every ounce of my pride
(You know what you getting into right?)
Everything you do I wanna feel again
Ain't no use for us to pretend (okay)

[Chorus: Amerie (Cam'ron)]
Why don't we, don't we, why don't we (you asked for it)
Why don't we
Why don't we fall in love (you know who you dealing with, right?)
We, we can't we fall
Why don't we, why don't we
Why don't we fall in love
Oh! Fall in love...... yeah
Come with me, tomorrow ain't guaranteed, oh!
Baby, let's be, baby, let's be
Why don't we, why don't we, why don't we fall in love
(Killa, uh, Harlem, uh, uh)
Why don't we, why don't we (oh!) why don't we fall in love
(Fall in love, I don't even know you, what's your name?)

[Verse 3: Cam'ron (Amerie)]
Fall in love why 'cause you see the Florida plates
Exploring the states, seven forty five, quarter to eight
Nah, not that, Accord to the race
Enough malt liquor, I'm cordial with grapes
You still get slaughtered and raped, camcorded and taped
Come Uptown see the dogs and the apes
All the nasty little heffers with sores on they face
We keep the base in the Ford's and the safe
But everything'll pour into place, forget your tour and your dates
Hit Greyhound with raw on your waist
Now your seeming Leary, but your jeans are Theory
Sweatsuit juicy ma, you're mean, ya hear me
Wanna fall in love? Well, install the plug
Dope, I sold all them drugs
Hollows, cop killers, seen all those slugs
East, west, south, seen all those thugs
(Why don't we, why don't we)
Just slow down a bit, hit the town and split
You dealing with Killa that mean you dealing with killers
My clips are bananas, the team is gorillas, holla!

[Outro: Cam'ron]
Dipset, Killa Cam, Amerie
Taliban, R-O-C, get your boy, man