I just been informed that you confirmed and solidified the attempted assassination of my life
But unfortunately you sent a young boy to do a grown man's job, ya dig
I hope you're ready for the consequences and repecussions that you're mouth got the rest of your body into
(No homo) United States is the playground
New York is base, but this ain't tag, you ain't safe on base nigga, lets play

[Verse 1 Cam'ron]:
Camel-Clutch him, Iron Sheik
Farnsworth Jigga, lying geek try to creep
All while a giant sleeps
Wasn't concerned wit' it but Brittish was burned a bit
He said that he learned the shit, heard Jigga confirmed the hit
He looked me in my eye and said "You paralyzed permanent"
Holmes, no hot comb, but his head we'll put a perm in it
Who's talkin', sweetcakes, sneaks laced, be safe
My nigga's flew in from three states, cheap-skate
An elite eight, how street beef taste
Your papes right, face sliced, we ate
Cuz we'll break the shotties on ya
Beware the hottie karma, on ya, I warned ya
No Nets, invest in body armor (Sorry Vince)
And death to the apes, should've kept it a case
Now you left in a lake or either you're neck in a brace
When I step in the place, yep I'm wreckin' the race
Wesson, got a question, "Made a vest for your face?"
You act old, you are old, you asshole
Shucky Ducky, I'm Chucky, Child's Play, Black Robe
Hot keys of butter, brother, guns you see
In traffic, red light, green light, 1, 2, 3
What you done to me
You say they pulled guns on me
I laugh, that was fun to me, this year I faced a 1 to 3 (Rikers)
The 6 building, 4-Main, they placed the boy
To the left man you actin' irreplacable

Hook
Cam'ron & Hell Rell:
You must not know 'bout me, you must not know 'bout me
To the left, to the left
You must not know 'bout me, you must not know 'bout me
To the death, to the death
I'mma move and smack him, get Rug' to clap him
The dude is acting, I'll pull the Luger, first let Ruger ask him
(What? Is this nigga stupid or dumb? Which one?)
(What? Is this nigga stupid or dumb? Which one?)

[Verse 2 Cam'ron:]
Soundscan, stupid ass, I get stupid cash
Movie platinum, soundtrack did three, you do the math
At 80%, let's mob, I just robbed you for a couple mil stupid
At your desk job
My car's my office, chick's my intern
Security's an armrest, yes you'll get skinburned
Janitor got keys please, don't even want a broom
The stoop's the lobby, bodega's the conference room
Put in work with the Glock, I been workin' a lot
Juelz is Human Crack, shit, I got work on your block
And they smoke it up, your label's like my coke
Shook it, cook it, rock it, broke it up
Sorta like an open dutch, gat clap, tote and clutch
You the only money and the rest of them is broke as fuck
Nas, I'll take your boobie home, make a movie
Treat her like a beach ball, you know, place her coochy
Only the cake could move me, what you want K or Uzzi?
Don't smack him Jim, I'mma take his kufi
You know, rip it off, quick they get clipped and tossed
Signed to HOV, want you want dog, his bitch a boss
Reeled in by a Harlem girl, you got him girl
Treat him like my diamond globe, rock his world
While we style in Coupes, hyphy, wild and loose
Call B.C.W. it's child abuse

[Cam'ron]
I'mma move and smack him, get Rug' to clap him
The dude is acting, I'll pull the Luger, first let Ruger ask him
(What? Is this nigga stupid or dumb? Which one?)
(What? Is this nigga stupid or dumb? Which one?)
You must not know 'bout me, you must not know 'bout me
To the left, to the left
You must not know 'bout me, you must not know 'bout me
To the death, to the death