[Intro: Mistah F.A.B.]
Big Von, you the only one with this big bruh
It's the remix!

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg]
Eyo Fabby Davis, what it do?
This your uncle Snoop, D.O. double G
Oh yeah, this the G-mix
We wheelin' this, feelin' this
Yeah you know, dealin' this
Back at you, one more time, we feelin' this
Mac Dre RIP, yes sir

[Verse 2: Mistah F.A.B.]
Still feelin' it, this the remix
You really did it, Fabby Davis, yes we need this
Oh my God, hallelujah, thank Jesus
The yellow bus is comin' back, paraplegic
Asleep like Bank, cutthroat like Dubee
Mac like Mall, Miami in a movie
Like Kilo I'm curt 'n like J-Diggs I'm herc'
Free D-Con and Dant', real Crest-siders
[???] to give it up from where the cuddie was from
'Cause S.T.U.P. is how he come
Crestside show me love like I was one of them
Hyphy and never doubt, we still goin' dumb
It's that bagoofie, I'm saucy and Gucci
Shaboomalaboopie, do the Funky Watusi
G-Eazy and Suzy, and that sounds so soothing
Keak da Sneak, Ezale, and Uncle Snoopy

[Hook: Mistah F.A.B.]
Now can I get a YEE, for who I'm in the building with?
All my bruh bruhs that jumped on the remix
Who I'm in the building with
Still feelin' it, hyphy on a remix!

[Verse 3: G-Eazy]
As a baby I swore I was chosen
Now I gas every song and I goes in
"You'll never make it here" is what they told him
In '06 I had a mouth full of gold in
I failed every classed, just passed P.E
My favorite teacher was a Mac Dre CD
Was goin' dumb, they thought it was ADD
A worldwide star now, yeah they see me
I put The Bay on my back
Rest in peace to The Jack
I don't ever stop workin' bitch, I stay on attack
Five times platinum what it say on my plaque
How you hatin' on me bitch, you stay on my sack
I bring The Bay with me everywhere I go
I opened up more doors than a sideshow
I'm off some heem in the scrape, we don't drive slow
In the 5-1-0 lookin' out for Five-O

[Hook: Mistah F.A.B.]
Now can I get a YEE, for who I'm in the building with?
All my bruh bruhs that jumped on the remix
Who I'm in the building with
Still feelin' it, hyphy on a remix!

[Verse 4: Nef the Pharaoh]
If Mac Dre was still alive, I would've signed with Thizz
I'm a Sic Wid It hoggy, see the icy pig?
I did the oracle with Drake, I had to show 'em gigs
I'm always on a bitch back like long weave
Dumb baby mama had me at the sideshow
Yerk left, yerk right, shake the Five-0
Still feelin' it, like back at '05 bro
I'm hella psycho, I can make a dyke go
Skinny nigga, giggin' with no shirt
I smoke dope purp
Pants start fallin' off a nigga, we don't do the Jerk
You was never on the front line at the hyphy movement
I'm childish, I hop on the bart then go stupid
Baydestrians droolin', goofy
Shoutout to Droop-E, my eyes hella droopy
It's the Mac in me, Dre died and came back to me
I got the remedy, bitch!

[Hook: Mistah F.A.B.]
Now can I get a YEE, for who I'm in the building with?
All my bruh bruhs that jumped on the remix
Who I'm in the building with
Still feelin' it, hyphy on a remix!

[Verse 5: Keak da Sneak]
Rock it, nigga don't try it before you knock it
Crop it, running with our gang you outta pocket
Drop it, crazy from The Bay, nothin' but hot shit
Stop it, if you think you're gonna make a profit
Out comin' out we come, off tree and the ???
In the way I jump you motha fucks like speed bumps
No break, all gassin' it
Still comin' with classic shit
And I'm one of the few from my era that lasted bitch
Thrashing shit, whatever get in my way
Mob in peace to the J-A-C-K
Thizz in peace to the Mac D-R-E
And 'eak's still in the building nigga somethin' like YEE
Word to F-A-B, shout out to cutt' Kilo Curt
Either rappin', making it happen or I'm puttin' in work
I still hit where it hurts
I'm trying to knock somethin' off
On some mob shit, CEO [???]

[Hook: Mistah F.A.B.]
Now can I get a YEE, for who I'm in the building with?
All my bruh bruhs that jumped on the remix
Who I'm in the building with
Still feelin' it,  hyphy on a remix!

[Verse 6: Iamsu!]
I turned my Toyota to a scraper now
I'm making love to the game and I can't pull out
Shaking my dreads in the corporate party
They ain't know a nigga balled like the old Steve Harvey
Way back in '06 old school junior prom whole place went crazy when the Mac came on
Big bruh Mr. Fab I'm still feeling it
Me and P-Lo go dumb at cotillions
From The Rich, that's the home of the hotheads
I'm a legend I ain't gotta say what I did
I got bread and i got dreads I tell my baby I like my top real sloppy
Takin' pictures every time i go shopping
Middle finger to them boys who try to knock me, yeah
But ain't nothing changed but the year bro
Clutch like pierce with no rings in my earlobe

[Hook: Mistah F.A.B.]
Now can I get a YEE, for who I'm in the building with?
All my brothers that jumped on the remix
Who I'm in the building with
Still feelin' it, hyphy on a remix!

[Verse 7: Ezale]
Oh, uh-oh
Is you feelin' it?
'Cause the drink you just hit, got a pill in it
So appealing how I appeal, I make her feel
I drive bitches crazy with suspended ills
I ain't slap, yet I sweat the sauce
What she don't know, I'm so so, I'm cuttin' her off
I had to let her go on some weak shit
And kept her partner on the low like a sneak gift

[Verse 8: Snoop Dogg]
Took a trip to The Bay
Came back with a motherfucking Mac Dre
Killin' it, feelin' it
See I'm back on my G-shit, LBC shit
It's drivin' you seasick, in a lane
Home of the gang bang
From the Bay to LA, it's the same slang
Mac Dre all day, Rest in peace man