[Intro]
Alright, hold on

[Verse 1]
If I was being honest
I'd say long as I could fuck three times a day
And not skip a meal I'm good
I used to work on my feet for 7 dollars a hour
Call my Momma like "Momma
I ain't making minimum wage Momma
I'm on Momma, I'm on
Now  I'm making 400, 600, 800K Momma
To stand on my feet Momma
Play these songs, it's therapy Momma
They paying me, Momma
I should be paying them
I should be paying y'all honest to God
I'm just a guy, I'm not a god
Sometimes I feel like I'm a god but I'm not a god
If I was I don't know which heaven would have me Momma
Let me run this bitch
I'ma run it into the ground momma, the whole galaxy
God damn, fuck these lames, they don't want none
Fuck these lames, they don't want none
Fuck these niggas
Fuck these niggas, they don't want none
Fuck these niggas
Fuck you niggas
Fuck me if I hated on you

[Verse 2]
I'ma stick around
I'm gon' let my nuts hang
Nigga you got some just like me don't you?
Or maybe not just like me
You know I'm Africano Americano
And even if you're half Japanese, roots run deep
Family tree, throw a big shadow
(Jamming to the rhythm)
Tech company
Please gimme immortality
(It's a face to face)
I'm going rapidly, fading drastically
(Keep me high, Castrati)
(Punani fade the stress)
Or pull the zip down
Wet your lips first, lick the tip now
(Bugatti left some stretch marks on that freeway)
Smoke some'n
(Marks on that freeway)
They tryna find 2Pac, don't let 'em find 2Pac
He evade the press, he escape the stress
La da da da da, la da da da da
La da da da da (la da da da da)

[Verse 3]
I'll keep quiet and let you run your phone bill up
I know you love to talk
I ain't on your schedule
I ain't on no schedule
I ain't had me a job since 2009
I ain't on no sales floor
You say I'm changing on you
I feel like Selena, they wanna murder a nigga
Murder me like Selena
You must ain't get the memo
I don't cut bitches no more
But your bitch my exception
Come get her outta my four door
I only got one four door
Remember when I had that Lexus, no
Our friendship don't go back that far
Tyler slept on my sofa, yeah
Niggas go back that far
I ain't smoked all year
This the last song so, I'm finna wipe that off
Tolerance is so low, still smoke a whole 'gar
Ménage on my birthday, tap out on the first stroke
'Cause this ain't no work day, she don't give head anyway
'Cause what niggas say, that's what she tell her man
What a difference distance makes
Niggas want fight in the streets
Now shit starting to make my hands hurt
Jay hit me on the email, said I oughta act my net worth
Dog this is chess now, not fetch
I ain't runnin' for a nigga, ain't ran since track meet
That's the only time I ran from a nigga
You could change this track now
Could've changed this bitch a long time ago
- know and - know, - know and - know
Shout out to Hollygrove, I'm from that 7th though
Twins know and Lance know, Clark know and Matt know
Shit went 180 on me, please run that back though
(Tucks til 24)

[Skit]
You say some shit about me?
Turn a real sport, my nigga
That second time Jerron was there, nigga
On God he grabbed me and then that nigga tried to pull me
Yeah, 'cause the nigga tried to boom me in my face
I had AD in a headlock, nigga, I was kickin' like-

[Outro: Mikey Alfred, Ryan Breaux & Sage Elsesser]
Make sure you speak up
Okay
What's your name?
Ryan
Yo, ayy be quiet. What's your name? What do you do? What's your first memory?
The first word I learned to say or that I ever said
What's the most amazing thing you've ever witnessed?
(Uh, hell no)
(You're not gonna make it, are you?)
Friendship and how it controls the world, hahaha
Hahaha, alright, um, what three superpowers do you wish you had? They say they have to be...
Flying, super strength...
Alright, what's your name?
Maybe we can get a little, a little bit, a little bit, a little bit
I wish I could sleep without, like, being dead
But forever at the same time
Yo, what, what's, what's the... dog, stop, stop, stop
(What you mean bro?)
And ships could fly. Buildings would be very, very tall
And everybody won't know the ground is up
(That's fucked up)
Chloe, shh, okay, start over right now
Best thing about being me is I got a nice set of frames
Pretty clear mind, I feel like, sometimes
Probably, uh, being great
I think a lot, a lot, too much. Sometimes I'm very messy
Talents, got any secret talents?
I don't think so, I'm pretty open and all in everything that I do
Talents? Um, I can play the theremin
Probably, uh, probably Tyler, his life seems pretty awesome
No, actually, no, fuck him. Um, I don't know
Probably Dill 'cause he doesn't have to do anything at all
Just sits inside his house
What's your name?
Sage Elsesser
What do you do?
I play soccer and I go to school
Um, I wanna be better at skating
(It's probably up something really high, it's super high
I tried to land, like, a handstand or something)
Alright, that's it...
I spend a couple hours with my family and I go out
And do everything that I ever thought about trying
How far is a light year? How far is a light year?
(A second, a thousand years?)