Steely's eyes are watering from the wind rushing in his face as he's smiling, then laughing, going full throttle on a speedboat with Shoobie, Matthew, Clark, Danny, Grad Girl #1, Rob, Grad Girl #2 and Grad Girl #3 in tow.

     Matthew (to Shoobie): 'So how'd you shut the power off? Generators didn't even come back.'
     Shoobie: 'No—I had a finals presentation.'
     Clark: 'Thought you handled your finals midterm'
     Shoobie: 'Extra credit.'
     Matthew: 'What are you?'

(Bonfire being set aflame on the beach)

     Robb: 'They're gonna shut that down any moment now'
     Grad Girl #1: (Eyes Robb while he takes off his clothes and puts on his wet suit.)
     Robb: 'Yea. I'm tryna get fit. So what. Swim.'

Robb pulls Junior girl #1 back into the water while the boat moves at a slower speed. Underwater shot shows Robb on a wake board being pulled by an aluminum speedboat. We see the turns and the flips and the fun.

     Matthew: 'I'm Shamu!' (Heard from underwater.)

Junior girls push Matthew and Danny. All fall in.

Sun going down—having brews—group talk.

     Robb: 'Always thought he had the better things.'
     Matthew: 'Kinda did.'
     Steely: 'Better looking staff, and the crazier grounds.'
     Grad Girl #1: 'I heard you have a woman in your shower who washes your back.'
     Steely: 'She's not a real woman.'
     Danny: (to Shoobie) 'When do you have to be over there? I heard that building is nuke-proof.'
     Shoobie: 'Yeah aren't they all now.'
     Danny: 'That's Central for you. Jesus.'
     Robb: 'You're not moving because of all this rain?' (Laughs)
     Shoobie: I've got all summer. The world's small. Day trips.'
     Steely: ‘Whole crew’s going different ways now.'
     Grad Girl #2: 'I'm taking over my parents' machine.'
     Grad Girl #3: 'You mean your parents' money.'
     Matthew: 'That's one thing that brings us all together, our parents' cash.. You too, my dear mid-caste offspring. Even you.'
     Shoobie: 'That's not what brings us together. But look, nepotism aside, I think you've done well for an underdeveloped intellect.'
     Matthew: (Grins in agreement) I would've quit this head job at first chance to climb locals and surf my life away. But the trust says I can't participate without taking my part in this ceremony.'
     Grad Girl #1: 'All I care about is world peace. All they taught me here was how to take notes.'
     Robb: 'OK, Miss Argentina.'
     Clark: 'I quite liked it here.'
     Steely: 'So that's why you didn't clear?'
     Clark: I cleeeaared.'
     Clark:Hey guys, listen. Alright, so. If I'm not fucking this person in person, but we get off to each other through the mesh all the time is it the same? Or am I trying to sell myself something? I asked em to take a job as my massage therapist to like simulate intimacy. Thought it was a long shot, but it worked out. It's been beautiful.'
     Shoobie: 'Who are we talking about?'
     Clark: 'That doesn't matter'
     Matthew: 'Is this person local?'
     Clark: 'Nah, isn't. It really doesn't matter guys.'
     Matthew: 'I think it's brilliant. Sounds perfect. Nothing left to be desired from my vantage point.'
     Danny: 'Hmm, I think it's nearly there. There's something missing that you might want—then again you might not want that at all.'
     Clark: Yea. It won't ever be like that.'

Steely drifts off imagining a frozen lake with another lake shining like stardust on its surface, the lakes reflecting a seamless white sky. White water.

Dream interrupted—RENNN RENNN RENNN!!! SMACK. SMACK. SMACK. An aluminum catamaran cuts through the water. Campus pull up on boats. Steely pours his beer out. Everyone hides their drinks. Water turns color.

     Campus Police: 'Please dock all watercraft and exit campus beach immediately.'
     Grad Girl #1: 'It's drop day! (Yelling at the police boat.)
     Campus Police: 'Please dock all watercraft and exit campus beach immediately.'

Campus Police speed away back to the shore. Students throw bottles at the police boat. Rather than head back to the shore and wait for the police, Steely pulls away in a different direction. The Police re-engage and give chase. Steely beaches the boat by sliding onto a black sand beach. All the students jump off the speedboat and run up the incline making an escape with the rest of the party.

     Steely: (Across the crowd to Shoobie) 'Meet at mine.'