babykatebaby-deactivated2012092 asked: are you happy?
yes. i am.

jessicarabbrit asked: what would be your perfect way to retire?
with a discography and rep i’m proud of. someone i love. couple kids. and a cool house somewhere with clean air.

louiexv-deactivated20120518 asked: Explain your current situation to your five-years-ago self.
wow. alrite. i’ll give it a shot…

hey chris,

your name is frank now..it’s a long story. your girlfriend is about to break up with you because of the long distance. it’s ok. & that job you’re working..well, you’re gonna have to work there for another year and some months.. & then you’re gonna get fired. you’re gonna work a couple more jobs after that too. nothing glamorous. kinkos and at&t if you really want the specifics. but you’re never gonna be homeless or starving. don’t worry you won’t fail and have to move back to new orleans either. you are gonna get your heartbroken though. twice. if it helps, the first one is gonna be worse than the second. contrary to how it feels, it won’t kill you. in fact it’s gonna help you write an album. yea, you finally finished an album. people like it man. you’re actually gonna write and record hundreds of songs. they won’t all be good and most ppl won’t think you’re talented at first, but you’re going to master your gifts. you’re going to become a lot stronger and wiser..even a little taller. be patient. i mean, you kind of have no choice. and be good to people. i don’t wanna spoil too much for you, but.. you’re on a plane right now to the east coast to work with kanye west & jay-z. it’s all working out kid. you made it.

markserranopro-deactivated20131 asked: Why are they trying to sell “Novacane” on itunes when most of his current fans have it for free?
Also why is he doing it through Def Jam, shouldn’t he be mad they wouldn’t release it the first time around?
And why would he re-release it, wouldn’t making a whole new album be a lot better?
you got a lot of questions. lol.

whoinvitedyou asked: your voice gives me eargasms. can we fuck?
hahaha. the eargasms might have to hold you over for now.

briqmane-deactivated20120713 asked: Whats your current ride/dream car?
R33 skyline.

jxnsi asked: what year is ur nsx?
in my dreams it is a 96.

fxckadoppelgxnger-deactivated20 asked: What's your favorite childhood cartoon?
DBZ.

evitablaze-deactivated20110622 asked: Love Or Money?
love. love for the win.

swagsteppin asked: What's your favourite Video Game system?
don’t play much anymore. but i used to spend a lot of time on n64 and dreamcast.

rivke asked: some background on that pic (from wiki): In March 1993, while on a trip to Sudan, Carter was preparing to photograph a starving toddler trying to reach a feeding center when a vulture landed nearby. Carter later said that he waited 20 minutes to see if the vulture would flare its wings. He finally took a picture and then chased off the vulture. However, he came under criticism for failing to help the girl:
The St. Petersburg Times in Florida said this of Carter: "The man adjusting his lens to take just the right frame of her suffering, might just as well be a predator, another vulture on the scene."
Sold to the New York Times, the photograph first appeared on March 26, 1993. Hundreds of people contacted the newspaper to ask the fate of the girl. The paper reported that it was unknown whether she had managed to reach the feeding center. In 1994, the photograph won Pulitzer Prize.
Carter later committed suicide. This photograph raises issue about photographers and their relationship to their subjects.
just sad, all the way around.

abfofana-deactivated20120411 asked: Are you muslim?
nah.

porscheeee asked: What's Your Favorite Song ?
prince- when u were mine.

slumbeautyful-deactivated201112 asked: is nostalgia LITE still dropping 7/26 ?
& ily <3
love you too. & nah.

girlyouwild asked: got any advice for someone with low self- esteem ?
dump that nigga.

vicer0y asked: nigga are you ever coming back to New Orleans?
of course. i’m here right now.

blurrryvision asked: let tyler know and the rest of you niggas. that once tyler wins both his awards, you niggas need to do some fucking crazy ass shit! i dont expect nothing less

FUCK MTV
FREE EARL
imma streak the aisles.

bsure2njoy asked: What made you want to be apart of OFWGKTA?
i’m from dipset.

tellythedj asked: did you have a beemer before your fame or after your fame
haha. pre-fame brotha.

ambitiousexpectations asked: what kind of camera you have?
g10, lomography horizon, 7d, iphone & blackbeezy.