[Intro: Stacy]

Hey, uh, call me back
I don’t mean...how I came after the other night
I just I had a lot to drink in
I wasn't thinking, I miss you, call me back!

[Verse 1: Stacy]

I've never known a love so strong
You’ve got my heart hemmed up in the palm of your hand
And therefore I surrender, never had to wonder boy
I’m wherever you are
You are , you are
And I can't sleep without you, tossing and turning
Turning and tossing, exhausted
Wondering where you could be
If not with me!

[Hook:]

You are as necessary as the air I breathe, I breathe, I breathe, I breathe
I need you!
You’re like a vital organ I can’t live without you, without you, without you,I need you!
I need you!
Hmmmmmm

[Verse 2: Stacy]

I was born alone, but I don’t wanna die alone
It be a lonely life to live
If it was just me and all of this, no one to share it with
I'd give anything for a family and an apple tree
Upon the car seat up in the rear
Baby on board, baby on board
As I look forward..
See all of these things coming into tuition
But you're young, so young

[Hook:]

You are as necessary as the air I breathe, I breathe, I breathe, I breathe
I need you!
You’re like a vital organ I can’t live without you, without you, without you, I need you!
I need you!

You are as necessary as the air I breathe, I breathe, I breathe, I breathe
I need you!
You’re like a vital organ I can’t live without you, without you, without you, I need you!
I need you!

[Verse 3: Frank Ocean]

Damn, I can’t believe it!
No, no, no can’t no, can’t believe it!
Baby I loved ya I did, ooh, I did ooh, I did
Keep a pair of your panties under my pillowcase
Ew, but baby that's real
What you didn't want me to lie?
What's gone, long gone
No, you didn’t like this
You didn’t like ‘till I was gone, long gone
Now I moved on, and you in your fucking DeLorean

[Outro: Both]

You are as necessary as the air the I breathe, I breathe, I breathe, I breathe
I need you!
You’re like a vital organ I can’t live without you, without you, without you, I need you!

Said I can't live without you
Live without you, live without you live without you
I can’t, no!
I need you in my life!
You’re like a vital organ I can’t live without, without you, without you, I need you!
I need you!