[Intro: Lord Infamous talking]
Yeah, Tommy III, huh?
Yeah, I finally heard that ancient ass shit nigga
A nigga been on TV boy, I just had business that's get to due
You low-life washed up motherfucker
Yeah it ain't got dirty here though
Punk motherfucker
I listened to some slang on it though
"Ha durr durr durr durr"
I know half you learned (?)
Motherfucking can't even speak to ya
Gaga goo goo bitch !

[Verse 1]
BLAY!
I'm 'bout to chew his face off like I'm gone on the bath salt
Fentanyl after amphetamines, spill his chitlins on the ash gourd
Louisville slugger, bat swinging, ear drums ringing
Bust his motherfucking drum, neck jerking, body numb
Knock his head on the fences, fucking with the menace
Just a because I speak don't mean a nigga really finished
Satan's son Damian, slugs hit with uranium
You talkin' dumb, I'll take yo lips and have you speaking in tongues
Scarecrow the verbal eradicator
And I walk up through heaven (?)
You niggas that's scared of the dark ...
The deadly dark side of the force (force)
This is league of vampiric, werewolf, gothic night breed
All enemies disagree the creed, end up 6 feet deep

[Hook x4]
Verbal eradicator from the night breed
Disrespect the creed, end up 6 feet deep

[Verse 2]
And I lynch these niggas like the Ku Klux Klan
And I don't discriminate - bitch I murder any man!
What the fuck is a Tommy Wright? Ain't his parents deaf and dumb
Show me in sign language, Bitch I just killed your son (EY!)
Bitch ass wuss, only gonna say this to you once Wright
Say my name or my brothers - black hearse at your house at night
I'm a tripping menace, hoe ass nigga ain't worth Lord' time
I'ma hit him with a bag of tricks in a fucking rhyme
Lyrical ... bodies are constantly ... Lord is the majesty
Niggas can't handle the form of fatality
... voodoo ... faculty
A cannibal taste for fucking human raw meat
And I bury tricks trapped fucking 6 feet deep

[Talking]
What the fuck is wrong with chu boy?
You (?) you washed up (?) never got dirty
The fuck is wrong you fucking idiot?
Nigga I heard yo' little song
It took forever, that's how weak your ass is
I didn't even know about this shit
But I guarantee you boy
Let's go!

[Hook x4]
Verbal eradicator from the night breed
Disrespect the creed, end up 6 feet deep