[Hook: Lil Sko & (Lil Jack)] 2x
(I can't help it)
I'm addicted to this lifestyle I live, but I accept it
It really is kill or be killed, finna collect it
I can't let it, I can't help it, so don't disrespect this

[Verse 1: Lord Infamous]
BLAY!
Scarecrow me handle four (?)
When I'm high on this Tussin' with real high demeanor
I'm sippin' on Promethazine-ah
Like you motherfucking Aquafina, yeah
Even when still on this Codein or Tussionex
Flow like a Scarecrow (?)
You trick ass niggas do not know me remotely
I'm high on this dope and I hit you with (?), no please
(?) high on this drank (?) caused the knock down
Numero uno of dope for the Scarecrow
Overloaded on narcotic narco but I'm (?) mystic
Bitch I'm higher than fuckin' statistics
You tr-izz-icks, we might as well keep it realistic
I'm high on this shit, I need some freaky bitches
Four Oz. to the dick to the head I just swallowed
The cop moves his finger, my eyes will not follow
You take me to jail I will be out tomorrow
And back to my liquors and Tussionex bottle
I have an addiction I think that cannot be cured
(Lord I bet you can't kill all that) Lil Sko are you sure?
Cause I do it, I do it, run straight through it
And if you got some motherfuckin' money
Put some more dope to it
Cause my concept is so unconceivable
Like (?) my flows unbelievable
Bitch get off your asshole, go somewhere
And go retreat my dope

[Hook] 2x

[Verse 2: Lil Jack]

Drop it off    motherfucker twice
Man a nigga tryin' to fight?
The other night

I admit it, I'm addicted to a little motherfucking blood
Knock his neck off his head (?) then I break out them drugs
Yeah Sko call that nigga Lord


I'm addicted to alotta things, snort alotta 'caine
Nigga all night (?) make alotta change
One gold, one platinum, got alotta chains
One skinny, two fat, got alotta thangs
Got alotta game for you square ass niggas
By the square my nigga

Love when they beg for they life
Shot two niggas dead in the head last night
Ain't dead then I
I'm a menace
Rehab
But I ain't, wanna stop, but I can't ... the way I think

Got a problem and I just can't help it
We turn up

[Hook] 2x

[Verse 3: Yung Koke]
I'm addicted to drugs, addicted to hoes
Addicted to money, I live by the gold

I'm addicted to Fentanyl
To victims of pain and all

I'mma fiend of    price
I'm addicted to hustlin', fuck the beat I did it twice
Addicted to weed and lean, addicted to coca (?)
Amphetamines ... cocaine smellin' like gasoline

[Verse 4: Lil Sko]
I'm addicted to music, I'ma take this music and use it
I ain't like you ordinary rappers who take it and abuse it
Yeah I'm in it for dope, yeah I'm in it for show
Memphis Tn I representin', lettin' you know Lil Sko
I done enjoyed all this pleasure but I still go through some pain
In this game
Alotta haters claimin' they bosses but to me they just lames
Alotta haters takin' shots at me but