BLAY!

[Intro: Lord Infamous] 4x
Scarecrow horrific, bloody pacific
Koopsta the twisted hunter

[Verse 1: Koopsta Knicca]
Time to go back to school, slipped up and found my screws
Koopsta all on the news, hey KK Supa Kool
I'm cooler than (?) bottles, tighter than Magna Carta
Me writin' hard to follows, knock them tricks out the water
Y'all best to listen up, this shit gon' rip the club
... super dope, come also in dangerous
I'm whiter than christmas socks, slicker than red fox
A viper trapped in a box, a present with double Glocks
..., kill if they set trip
... down a field, the murderous Rothschild
I told I was stuck in traffic, blasted and caused the panic
... let 'em have it, don't fuck with me goddammit
... where you are, a king with no star
The battle had just begun, shockin' now droppin' bombs
Crow told me let 'em go, knowin' Koop ain't no joke
Talkin' bout dope on the radio, that trick must be the 5-0
I know

[Hook: Ganksta Nip sample] 4x
Sick-sick-sick in the head, bloodshed in a ant bed
Want a new leg? Give me some needle and thread

[Verse 2: Lord Infamous]
BLAY!
Lord is diabolical, I'm runnin' down every obstacle
You will end up in the hospital, I'm gonna rip all of yo optical
(Illusions) got my tools and I'm cruisin' for ballistic bruises
Scarecrow is bad news
Niggas can't read me, I make 'em alliteric fools
Cartoon ass nigga, boy it's like you fuckin' animated
Pump yo nuts on steroids get on hard and get castrated
Infamous trick and I'm seriously vicious, man I'm not just a musician
I will not play with yo punkass, I call the militia to go on a mission
I be the meat cleaver and you be the fuckin cadaver
Mutilated body (?) and (?) this pasture
Snotty noses, starving, stalking you out and I'm salivatin'
It's so horrific - commentators can't commentate it
Crossin T's and dottin I's, everything is punctuated
I won't back down (?) stop until you get obliverated
Underestimated, 5-0-5 a hailstorm bitch
So your limbs is hangin' out like some fuckin' ornaments

[Hook: Ganksta Nip sample] 4x
Sick-sick-sick in the head, bloodshed in a ant bed
Want a new leg? Give me some needle and thread

[Verse 3: Koopsta Knicca]
I came to set it off ... and they gon' fall
(?) bitches gangsta walk, niggas shout "Break Da Law!"
Rappers gon' hate this song, y'all gonna love this song
In order to get this done I rise up with King Kong
... medic, I bet y'all get in panic
You niggas so pathethic - a salad without lettuce
(?) gon' get ya killed, go test 'em with Emmet Till
How was your last meal? Sayin' shit, poppin' pills
... club (?) get the boys
... 'round yo ... someone's the (?)
(?) have to (?) here have to
Rappers they wanna battle, my voice got flow master

... this shoot's gonna fail
Right up yo ass bitch, ah duck it
You wrong think you gone keep this in the player bitch, bitch, bitch

[Hook]