[Juicy J Intro]
Man.... Hey nigga, check this shit out: We was up in Chicago, right? With my nigga Big Hemp, y'knowwhatI'msayin? Man, the nigga pass me a blunt, man, like "Smoke this shit, nigga! This some of that Bin Laden Weed! Y'all don't know nothing bout this shit down south!" I was all like: "What? What the fuck is Bin Laden Weed?" The man said: "The shit's like three different kinds of weed, man, grown all together." He said that shit some straight killer. Them Chicago niggas, man, they named that shit "Bin Laden Weed," man, some straight fire!

[Hook 4x's]
Who got that hydro
Who got that light green
Who got that Bobby Brown
Who got Bin Laden weed

[Verse 1: DJ Paul]
I swear sometimes I got to get high to hang around my ho
Sometimes I feel like I got to get high to hang round niggas I know
I sped it up on WEED, I slowed it down on SNOW
Cause I seen so many niggas fall off that blow
One day they got it all, the next ain't shit to show
So off that yayo my nasal I had to cut that ho
But now I'm feeling happy I'm on that Binny Bin Laden
And niggas is actin' like they don't know what the fuck just happened
My vision getting blurry, I'm 'bout to fall asleep
Or am I dying if I OD cause this some potent weed
My life start flashing like holograms like right in front
Of my own face I never felt this way off one blunt
I see my son gaining life and my dad losing his
And old girlfriends and niggas I shouldn't have hung with
The picture starting to fade, it's getting hard to breathe
I'm blacking out with no post up under my shirt and sleeve

[Hook 4x's]

[Verse 2: Juicy J]
Well since I'm on Bin Laden let me tell you a story
Bout these three pussy rappers who couldn't do nothing for me
Gave 'em whole lot of cheese and said I fucked 'em and shit
Smoked a whole lot of weed so they seem to forget
Who bought them drugs, and them cars, put you bitches in homes, who told yo ass to take a bath until you thought you was grown
Mane I tell you he a killer when we talk on the phone
When you see him face to face he'll leave you alone
That's why I'm smoking on this fucking Bin Laden
All my niggas in the hood they got it
Take one little puff you a addict
Take a gun to the head means tragic
Boy I tell you like this we can smoke it anywhere
In front of police station with a six pack of beer
Seven A.M. in the morning just watching people stare
Let 'em point them damn fingers say they wild over there

[Hook 4x's]

[Verse 3: Lord Infamous]
Ey ey it's glowing like its indigo, I smell it through the bag
I'm floating like a magic carpet straight from Baghdad
From my brains, from my blood, from my lungs, from the Dutches
Can't just let pure simply just escape from my a clutches
Cause it's the substance I'm loving, I'm buzzing
Smoking like an oven, huffing and puffing
This ain't Indonesia, Colombian or Cali man
It's a bio-weapon, straight from the Taliban

[Verse 4: Crunchy black]
Do you remember me from smoking good weed
Break it down roll it up give me indonese
Do you remember me from no sticks no seeds
Or you remember me from putting you on this Laden weed
Get yo funds together and come go and see
I'm gone take you on the strip where Bin Laden be
This one blunt action you'll have to smoke and see
Have you choking, falling out with your family

[Hook 4x's]