[Intro: The Players Club skit]

[Hook: Lord Infamous sample] 2x
Don't be cock blocking, get a jock knocking
Don't be cock blocking, get a jock knocking
Don't be cock blocking, get a jock knocking
Sniff some blow, hit the roll, dip my pole, whip the hoe

[Verse 1: Lil Jack]
And at the moment with a little bit of tippin'
I hit her with a little bit of pimpin'
Come ... what you ...
Bitch (?) she grippin' (?) I got a tone in my lap
Calm yo ass down, think you trippin'
I (?) full clip on me, I (?) me a nigga
Sneak up on 'em too quick me a nigga
Too shit my nigga man
I don't wanna split me a nigga man
Fuck around an (?) to the trigger man
Blood on the ceiling fan
Wait a minute, let me get a gram
Been a minute but I'm still the man
I don't fuck with this killas man
Keep that blow on they face
12 gauge blow the pole off the stage
Called up my niggas outside in the car
Tell 'em "load up them thangs!" he leavin' the bar
The DJ steady bumpin' and my niggas get the dumpin'
And I'm in the club squeezin' the guard

[Verse 2: Youngin]
I'm feeling good tonight
So I'm 'bout to hit up the club
And (?) a nigga bitch tonight
And for you niggas talking shit tonight:
I keep the nine under the table
You don't really wanna do that, right?
See Youngin keep it pimp-tight at the bar all night
Get drunk, what yo money like?
Poppin' bottles of that Rosé
Smokin' plenty of that good hay
I'm feelin' good for a second
So I'm 'bout to get my vibe on
Wonder where you movin', baby chill
Now you turning me on
Let a young nigga follow ya home
You got me grippin' my tone
Because these pussy motherfuckers mean muggin'
When I step in my zone, it's on
Best to move round cause it's goin' down for the count
We like a mob my nigga, the whole hood at the table
Like some mafia killers, it's Frontline ...

[Hook: Lord Infamous sample] 2x
Don't be cock blocking, get a jock knocking
Don't be cock blocking, get a jock knocking
Don't be cock blocking, get a jock knocking
Sniff some blow, hit the roll, dip my pole, whip the hoe

[Verse 3: Lord Infamous]
Scarecrow I'm full of peruvian, now I'm pursuin' the (?) bitch with a passion
Gave the location (?) annihilation when she can come straight in that hoe (?)
DVD player ... prepare my everyday ... bitch
Prepare the guzzle swallow
This no muzzle, you gotta struggle straight
I don't wanna hear no shit 'bout my draws, better recuperate
Cause when I'm full of that dope the Crow need a thick bitch who gon' take all the dick down her throat
So you might need to bring you a extra (?)
... with yo punk ass down on the roll
I'mma porno nympho coroner (?) profession of hoe sale
These freak bitches mane, they better cope with this dope dick when I'm givin' 'em punishment, yeah
Infamous mad and I strictly come down like a dirty hell hump from the gates of hell
The pussy is beat up, in terrible condition, they leavin' the room on a walker mane
Came to bring the pain hardcore to the pussy mane, bitch yo shit will never be the same

[Hook: Lord Infamous sample] 2x
Don't be cock blocking, get a jock knocking
Don't be cock blocking, get a jock knocking
Don't be cock blocking, get a jock knocking
Sniff some blow, hit the roll, dip my pole, whip the hoe