[Intro: T-Rock talking]
Blood Money (I see ya)
It's a trip what niggas do to get they hands on it
(What would you do for it?)
What niggas do to keep it (aha)
Nigga live fast for a pocket full of Blood Money
Ya heard me (once you got it it's gone)
After Sics, Club House Click
Area 51 in this motherfucker

[Hook: T-Rock] 2x
A nigga serve for a pocket full of Blood Money
Out on the curb with a pocket full of Blood Money
We live fast for a pocket full of Blood Money
Niggas'll blast for a pocket full of Blood Money

[Verse 1: T-Rock]
I been through alotta shit
Grindin' with heartless niggas who pop a bitch
Dollars get dealers in office next to the politics
(?) niggas, caucasians and even eses
From corner to cartel, status and half a decade
Witness the evolution of a nigga never losin'
I complete the power movement with every single execution
The money I possess is polluted with red residue
From niggas who violated the game I had to execute
Ain't no quarter on it for criminal stack (?) for
... comin' in business niggas (?) for, resentful
You never know what you could be in for
That's why I'm Kami Kaze and ready to let the pin go
And blow blazing the spot like a blunt of Indo
Send yo spirit to Jesus and watch the wind blow
People rob, slang 'caine, smoke to maintain
Cause the money make a nigga do alotta strange thangs

[Hook: T-Rock] 2x
A nigga serve for a pocket full of Blood Money
Out on the curb with a pocket full of Blood Money
We live fast for a pocket full of Blood Money
Niggas'll blast for a pocket full of Blood Money

[Verse 2: II Tone]
Ain't no time for second guessin'
Askin' questions 'bout some dumb shit
Million ways to murder been a mobber with Da Crime Click
Still hustle, still thuggin', gang got a litte slicker
Started off small time, now I do it big nigga
Stubborn than a motherfucker, never go without a fight
Forty get the poppin' and it's fuckin' up your whole life
Observers all around ya, tryin' to watch ya like a hoe
What I'm - what I'm gettin' in, what a - what a nigga (?)
Cause I got seven deadly sin and like my nigga in the pen
Death mass on yo ass, dumpin' bodies in the trash
Money and the Ruger, evil, but I'm tryin' to see the light
Stacks on deck any come tryin' to catch a flight
My advisory scary cause II Tone off the chain
No remorse, I don't see it in my heart for ya mane
Cause the end of the world, I can see it coming near
So I'm standin' in the Black Rain, never shed a tear

[Hook: T-Rock] 2x
A nigga serve for a pocket full of Blood Money
Out on the curb with a pocket full of Blood Money
We live fast for a pocket full of Blood Money
Niggas'll blast for a pocket full of Blood Money

[Verse 3: Lord Infamous]
(?) and fitties, twenties, tens, fives
Keep my cocaine in a (?) when I'm ridin', gettin' high
Dough currency sponsor, (?) conquered
Cold as the tundra, milli mill monster
Wet you like a sauna, bitch you a goner
Better get my funds up, brains on the furniture
Fuckin' with the punisher, pimp my fuckin' money up
Osama Bin Laden embalm and bombing ya
How much money have you brought? Get yo skull sawed off
Ass on the asphalt, caught by the tomahawk
Loco full of Luciano, green hoe got gamble
Guap, chopper filled with ammo, trick I'm on a paper scramble
Green (?) like camouflage, you can't dodge the hammer
Scanda-lous, gamble lust, ammo thrust, in God we trust
Blood stains on the money - currency of Infamous

[Hook: T-Rock] 2x
A nigga serve for a pocket full of Blood Money
Out on the curb with a pocket full of Blood Money
We live fast for a pocket full of Blood Money
Niggas'll blast for a pocket full of Blood Money