[Hook: T-Rock]
He talk alot about the game but he ain't got it, heen got it
He talk alotta gangsta shit but he ain't 'bout it, heen 'bout it
Come test my gangsta lil buddy like we ain't rowdy
Watch me empty out the clip and leave the murder scene cloudy
Pussy nigga ya ain't 'bout it, he ain't 'bout it
Who you buckin' who you blastin'? He ain't ride it, he ain't ride it
He ain't really 'bout that action, he ain't 'bout it, he ain't 'bout it
Who you buckin' who you blastin'? He ain't ride it, he ain't ride it
He ain't really 'bout that action, he ain't 'bout it

[Verse 1: Nasty Nardo]
What's the business, are y'all hearin' this?
You niggas just can't be serious
Delirious they just a (?)
Claimin' they killa just as hard as me
(?) me, it's hardest knock
Never in life did they have to plot
Never in life did you pull my card
Never in life did you come this hard
With no regard it's pimpin' playa
Trickin' these hoes out the baby maker
Chasin' this paper all around the nation
Quick to blast with no hestitation
Medication I'm peddlin', altercations I'm settlin'
So (?) start (?) before I get into some (?)
(?), I shot some down
Pick the sucker up with the tommy round
Mac got a (?), y'all know the sound
Everytime gotta have to clown
Everytime gotta have to click
Everytime gotta lets it rip
Everytime y'all suckers slip
I'm givin' you that gangsta shit
Them gangsta hits y'all love to hear
Buckin' off through yo atmosphere
Buckin' off through yo hemisphere
I'm outta here, do you hear me clear?
(?) spittin' you that game
It's Nasty Nardo, Scarecrow jookin' in the Black Rain

[Hook: T-Rock]

[Verse 2: II Tone]
Now I don't listen to that he say, she say
Niggas out here lie 'bout gunplay
Get up with my bitch and cut yo core then post back up on parkway
Niggas lyin' 'bout they shine, ain't got a pot to piss
Money matter, bullets scatter, make them cowards slit yo wrist
Where the work? I never seen it but you runnin' out of luck
Quit that lyin' to the world, you bitches need to man up
I give you (?) lyin' cause my granddaddy raise no bitch
Yea you 'bout it, hoe I doubt cause we know you full of shit

[Verse 3: T-Rock]
You don't know where I been at, the mouth and actin' harder do
I show you just what I'm about when I start aimin' guns at you
I'm in yo grill like barbecue, if you want it, we can bring it
Bury niggas like the Phoenix, my fire will not extinguish
Black clubs, black mask, black nigga
I'm a soldier like a civilians in Bagdhad nigga
It's about to be a sacrifice
(?) send 'em to the afterlife
It's Black Rain boy, we murkin' for the braggin' rights

[Hook: T-Rock]

[Verse 4: Lord Infamous]
BLAY!
I am Lord Infamous, it's so ridiculous, how fast I pull out this trigger and hit ya
Lil trick you don't want me to come get up with ya 'cause I will erase your punkass out the picture
Samurai split ya, .44 lit ya, do not approach cause the locals will get ya
Rumblin' rough as rowdy as wizards, kamikaze, split you like scissors
Goons and goblins, mobbers, robbers, where I'm from they throb for victims
Tag 'em, bag 'em, drag 'em to the river after killers sick 'em
It don't matter mane, just pick 'em, put 'em in a bag and zip 'em
Aimin' .50, catch you slippin', .223 start to rip 'em
Nigga you got it all fucked up, you think I won't put this slug in yo guts
Better go and catch a cut before I crank this chainsaw up
Slugs you will swallow, I fill you with hollows, yo niggas would follow, there is no tomorrow
When I crank this auto, I hit the drank bottle and leavin' yo bodies in the grotto
No nigga's safe, no nigga's straight that's the Scarecrow motto
And fuckin' with killers that jack a bitch then you hit the lotto
I hear you spooky, I hear you tough, I hear you really bad
But you just beggin' like a bitch with this heat in yo ass

[Hook: T-Rock]