[Sample]
Tie 'em to the bumper, drag 'em, fuck 'em
I don't love that hoe

[Verse 1: Matrix AKA Gypsy]

[Verse 2: Spliff]
My torturous ways no soul can save the one from the wicked side of the playground
(?) once I hang out, run and hide and shots, they ring out
Duckin', dodgin', actin' (?), try to run up on me in the darkness
Carved in piece of garbage, now he's lost and he's swimming with the dolphins
(?) psychopathic, schizophrenic, try sometimes and I just can't stand it
Mind is manic, (?) a plan and no way for me to get away from this planet
Guess I'm just brain damaged, judged by those who could never understand it
Ban me, (?) from this world, dead bodies all around me when they found me

[Verse 3: Kaoz]
Brain damage, psychopathic, black magic is my passion
I'll have you talkin' in tongues of dead, walkin' backwards
(?) the oxygen has cut off from my brain
Walk up to the mind of the clinically insane
(?) behind my back, smokin' on a blunt
I'm never seein' heaven and I don't give a fuck
Yes, you should lock me up and throw away the key, now
Cause I will look down upon them as they bleed in the street, now
Body parts often fall apart when it's after dark
Fire sparks up the body parts (?) in the park
Leavin' carcass to burn and rippin' up at yo heart
Put the body parts in (?) up out the (?)

[Verse 4: Lord Infamous]
BLAY!
Scarecrow the destroyer, mystic kamikaze warrior
Chop your organs in the fortress with the vultures, feed you to the porpoise
Cannibalistic butcher shop, Soze, bloody cornfield crop
Samurai yell out "banzai" then I eat ya eyes like tater tots
(?) bloody tissue, Infamous split you under the mistletoe
Drain you like some pure cocaine with skills and then I numb my throat
Scarecrow is the bogeyman, Old Testament or Quran
Welcome to yo worst nightmare that never, ever, ever ends

[Verse 5: Scan Man]
Of course I bring the pain, my wicked ways are so (?)
My tainted sounds are coursing through my veins
I can't control it, psychopathic, schizophrenic
What they call me: King of Horrorcore
Scan Man the Satan worshipper, but they don't understand me
So I bring it how I bring it, fuck the people who don't like it
My music's for the ones who need it
Maybe we bond and evolve into a different species
The Nephilim, the fallen beings
Label me the one who taint the minds and deceive the people
Welcome to my sacrifice
You sell your soul to me, I guarantee a good price
I promise you can buy it back, Scan Man - I keep my word
But it's gon' cost ya extra souls of your unborn
(Time to meet yo maker)
This world is forsaken, an abomination
I see not forgiveness in this body, I have sinned
Wicked lust is the drug that we love, so give in
To this shit, you can't win, you can't win, you can't win

[Verse 6: Evil Pimp]

[Verse 7: Koopsta Knicca]
One: he done fucked up, two: that bitch 'bout to die
Three: I'm a bad guy, you suckers are nice guys
Teflons goin' in, bullets straight through yo chest
Hoe don't die yet, the Koopsta ain't finished it
When I start jackin' nigga, it's gonna be a ambulance call
Call up my roadies mane; Crunchy Black, Lord and Paul
Koop with the Devil Shyt, you bitches don't understand
Scopin' with that red dot, I'm always the triggerman
P is for pussy hoes and also these pussy ass niggas
Every nigga that try to test, they found 'em off in the river
Dead with corroded flesh, the (?) crest
Don't need no alibi, the creepsta ain't finished it
I fucks with Kaotic Klique, blood looks like red dye
I fucks with Kaotic Klique, blood looks like red dye