[Intro: DJ Paul]
Yea, Mafia 6ix
Callin' all the motherfuckin' thugs, in the motherfuckin' club
To the motherfuckin' dance floor
We 'bout to turn up
Where the cocaine at, where the weed at?
Where the liquor at, where that drank at?
Like we always do about this time
Crack a nigga in his motherfuckin' face, break da law!

[Hook]
Break Da Law (16x)

[Verse 1: DJ Paul]
Run up, if you wanna
It ain't no thang I put my gun up
I start to hunt 'em
Mask on my face, I roll that dollar
I'm catching drains
Blow the whole thing, prepare for drama
A fourty Glock they howling for they mama
Bitch I started breakin' the law 94, 95
Now it's 20-13, and I'm still on the lines
Still be hittin' up them lines
Making million dollar digits
Got these bitches mad on me
Cause they niggas ain't get it
Break da law!

[Verse 2: Crunchy Black]
First I gonna catch a nigga slippin' in the dark
Black fucking mask, black fucking Glock
Black fuckin' hood, 'bout to put in work
Put this nigga body off in some dirt
I put this nigga body parts off in the trunk
Playin with a bomb, but I'mma hit 'em with the pump
Crunchy ain't no hoe, thought you knew that chump
Hit 'em like I hit 'em when I get my money
Mafia 6ix, bitch!

[Hook]
Break Da Law (16x)

[Verse 3: Gangsta Boo]
Time for me to act like a psychopathic lunatic
Fuck with me corrupted system, cause I be so with the shit
Everytime I think about my brother Eric I get sick
Cause he's doin' a whole lot time in jail cause he went and robbed the bitch
Got my mask on face, I pull up in the Rover
Smoking, drinking cause I'm grown
Doing this shit on my own
I ain't saying shit, if you want some info I ain't the bitch
I'mma break the law because to me the system ain't shit

[Hook]
Break Da Law (16x)

[Verse 4: Koopsta Knicca ]
One more time, you ain't my friend
You gonna die, I tell you man
(?) chances running low
You gon' make it home, I know
The (?) goes
B-R-E-A-K many hoes down, this how I get paid
Left my school in a wreck
Ever since a kid, bitch, I had crazy tracks

[Verse 5: Lord Infamous]
Kamikaze milli ill killa with sexappeal, Navy SEAL monster
Unabomber, Oklahoma, Columbine, it's Lord Osama
Open up your chest and I puncture yo damn lungs
If a nigga get wrong, then a nigga getting hung
Cuttin' out a nigga tongue, suck the barrel of my gun
Break the law, Scarecrow, raw bodies on the lunch
Smack the skin off your face and it's sticking to my palm
Niggas droppin' like Saigon hit with napalm

[Outro - repeated till end]
Yes.. yes.. yes... [scratching]