[Intro]
Yeah, Lord Infamous
Black Rain bitch
Club House Click, Crime Click connect
Son of bitch, Black Rain motherfucker
BLAY!

[Verse 1: Lord Infamous]
Soze the silent assassin
(?) .50 cal (?) rifle boy
It's Kruegers Myers Michael
Machete cut off your vital signs
Rip his spine, blow yo mind
With this nine, get the pine
Grab the shovel then I cover head with lime
Got that burial right on schedule
No help and (?) with medical
His brain is goin' arial
When Infamous let this metal go
Scarecrow is goin' ballistic
I'm making a nigga a fuckin' statistic
Refrigerated, cremated
Nightmares made realistic

[Verse 2: Mac Montese]
It's been a long time
Since my Crime Click jumped in the booth
For life ain't changed over the years, still a nigga remainin' true
Who I be: Mac Montese
I'm from the streets where they don't sleep
And if you know me then you know
That I'm a beast up on these beats
See I stay on the grind so you know that I'mma shine
If you lookin' you can find me, I'm probably on yo mind
It's my life, how I live, it's my life, how I feel
It's my life, one of the truest to do this music
But I'mma keep it real
Still fresh, still fly, so high, no lie
I keep smokin' on that OG by the gram, man it's so fi'e
From the Crime Click to the Club House
This shit will never stop
I been doin' this for 15 years that's how I know I'm hot

[Verse 3: II Tone]
Yeah I'm back once again, just to let the world know
Magnolia in this bitch, the Crime Click in this hoe
No remorse-lifestyles of a goddamn thug
Bet that that you got a death wish in yo blood
On the robbing spree see that that I'm never gon' change
In the (?) of a stranger South Side run this mane
Yeah it's life after death when you livin' in the inner city
Busta ass niggas run yo mouth - I'll leave you shitty
Killa from the dark side quick to pull they Glock
I smoke a blunt of something bitch and run up in yo spot
Clicked up, make a stang, yeah I caught you slippin'
Slippin' better watch ya ass bitch 'fore the K start rippin'

[Verse 4: Yung Madness]
I paint the picture for a motherfuckin' faker
A hell of a nigga on the block that's makin' this paper
Seven days a week mane everyday I wake up
I be whippin' work so I can't sleep until I cook the shake up
I won't rest until this diamonds round my bitch
Made from Jacob
Bigger than the L on the jersey of the Lakers
(Slam dunk a bitch)
A cocky young niggas set ya playa
But if it ain't money you talkin' hoe then get yo weight up
Yeah I swag it up, I'm the one they talkin' 'bout
Fishscale, hot pots, none but raw comin' out
The number one trapspot, Magnolia got that
Everything movin' in and out my homies 'bout that
We bout that

[Verse 5: Big Cheese]
(?) crooked and (?) you gonna need yo life
All this pressure don't bust my pipe
... of that tiger strike
... I can't stop sayin' fuck it
If you won't rip a cushion then go outside, they duckin'
It's sick and serious out there and they won't shed a tear
Only sex is up in my blood, I don't know how to fear
... maintainin', hella chop I be slangin'
Slang a chopper off in yo face find a dimple for gods sake
I grew on that asphalt ain't nothin' that new to me
Sold my soul to a gangsta beat (?) snow, that's the G in me
Sold all my (?), sprayed 'em out in the streets
Now call me King Refugee, doctors come to my pharmacies