[Hook: Lord Infamous]
You wussie niggas ain't cut from the same cloth
I can look in ya eyes and tell that you really soft
Snail ass niggas melt (?) salt
So I hope you get wrong so I can saw yo head off

[Verse 1: Monster Mill]
Cathartic existence continues to grow persistent
In the narrow imprint of the catatonic schizophrenic
Struggle but I lived in still (?) recession turned me narcissistic
Sadistic, dumpin' the witness on a higher river with the fishes
It's misses six bricks in a row
With the bloody, bloody Scarecrow
Monster mode on this dark road, got trunk full of bloody skulls
Watching body parts decompose, welcome to my monster world
You don't wanna see me snap so show me "Where da bud at"
Give me your hoes, dope and cash grim reaper came for yo stash
Operation monster mash, leave 'em all in blood baths
Signed the devils pact and now I can escape this dark path
Self-hypnotized in my blood it was signed
What used to be nightmares turned in dreams of homicide
Natural selection, who's the fittest to survive?
*gun shots*

[Hook: Lord Infamous] 2x

[Verse 2: Lord Infamous]
BLAY!
I'm the Futuristic Bounty Hunter
I took off your face and I'm wearin' yo skin
Infamous bitch, I'm relentless
I carve esophagus, you cannot breathe oxygen
Creator of the deadly sins
The .44 magnum knock off the teeth off yo chin
Come with the Scarecrow to hell
You can see all the flesh will burn and souls (?) end
Quick kamikaze (?) rottin' ass bodies
You smell the ...
Scarecrow ... meter, the (?) of the heater is 90 percent
I am demonic, the (?) in the vomit
You don't want no parts of this goon
Blood desire, the Infamous sire vampire
I kill 'em on red full moon
(?) my venom will enter yo veins
And ... out yo frame
Excruciatin' pain describe the torture you feel from Black Rain
Son of Sam, Green River killer and the Zodiac
I will fucking castrate you and make you eat your nutsack
Maniac, madman, Enter The Dragon
They will find your fucking kids tucked up in a trash can
Infamous mane is a savage
I am a beast you can't handle ... my tactics
Once I hit 'em with a millimeter gun
Get the millimeter gun and the automatics

[Hook: Lord Infamous] 2x

[Bridge: Monster Mill]
You fuckin' with a monster
You fuckin' with a monster...

[Verse 3: Monster Mill]
It's a twisted, manic, psychopathic, schizophrenic
Spit it with style that's so mystic
Monster mode everytime I ripped it
Visions of incisions on the path to crucifixion
187 addiction, resurrection, the Monster has a (?)

[Hook: Lord Infamous] 2x