[Intro: skit from the movie "The Green Mile"]

[II Tone talking]

[Hook: II Tone]
(It's a dead man walkin')
You don't wanna see my face
I done seen is (?) I ain't scared to catch a case
(It's a dead man walkin')
Ain't the one you should trust
Makin' deals with the devil leave you stankin' in a cut
(It's a dead man walkin')
I can get you with that beam
(?) a hoe like (?) it's that million dollar dream
(It's a dead man walkin')
Ain't the one you should trust
Goin' ham on you haters, ash to ash and dust to dust

[Verse 1: II Tone]
Make it hard to breath nigga, with some holes in yo chest
You don't know me, never did, I don't think you wanna test
A damn gangsta in these streets
I live this life and I can prove
What you bitches speak about
I think they saw it on the news
You can take this as a threat, you can take it how you wanna
Fuckin' with me motherfucker you gon' be a organ donor
You got gun? do yo best, cause I'm deadly like a sniper
When you talk that shit you get dealt with
So time to pay the piper
We ain't cool, we ain't straight
What the fuck you think what happen
See I'm real out on these streets
Not you niggas out here rappin'
Niggas gossip like some bitches
Keep my name up out yo mouth
Wanna get up with me nigga you can find me in the south
(?) Memphis, Magnolia I might be out on a corner
Sellin' crack, movin' packs and we smokin' marijuana
Forty-five is a monster and my forty is a beast
If you get wrong with me (?)
Leave you stankin' in these streets

[Hook: II Tone]

[Verse 2: Lord Infamous]
BLAY!
Keyser Soze or the Scarecrow the savage
I ravage with thirty heat burns on the skin
When I look in the hearts of the men
I start slashing the ventricle artery and leave it within
Eyes start to roll in yo skull and you havin' convulsions
You feelin' the after-life forces
Your soul is chosen, skin turns cold
Effects of rigor mortis
Soarin' into orbit, all the voltage, you absorbed it
And it may seems kinda morbid
Seen your own corpse in the morgue
Mortuary, somewhere lyin' in the prairie
Where they all are buried, hopin' that's some fairy
"Come take me somewhere where it ain't scary"
But I'm the contrary
You're in the hands of the one they call Lucifer now
You can cry much as you want, better yet scream and shout
But there's no way yo ass gettin' out BLAY!
I am Lord Infamous murdered through the Middle Ages all up to the day
(?) all the particles of all the people I slayed
(?) with blizzard all up to your way
Here's a clip I load from the mystical (?) psycho
When this pistol smoke, it is critical, you get on the floor
I mesmerize pacific through atlantic with satanic
Dose from this erratic attic automatic babbage faggot

[Hook: II Tone]