(Wicked Sick Productions)

[Skit]

[Verse 1: Lord Infamous]
BLAY!
Lord apex predator, creep in the mediterranean sea with the razor sharp teeth
When I sample the body, the blood starts the feedin' frenzy and I strip all the bones off your meat
Furious rapper the Keyser Soze, call me Scarecrow Blade
I'm a hybrid, part human, part of the vampire race
My fangs into your jugular veins, I drain your plasma empty mane
Standin' in the pentagram of candles, lights aparts to the stars, sacrifice bodies BLAY!
Dismember the limbs with cannibalism, eat heart, cook the liver
Lord Lecter, Scarecrow Dahmer, stir fry flesh like Benihana

[Verse 2: Dosia Demon]
Dosia Demon, Wicked Sick clicked up with Lord Infamous
Creepin' from the underground, Mane we are so villainous
Fuck the trunk, you're in a dungeon, I caught you slippin' all alone
Now it's too late to watch your back, I'm with my demons in the zone
It's your time to meet the reapers, so close your eyes if you are scared
I got you shakin' full of fear, this Devil Shyt can't be compared
There's no way to escape the fate like he who walks behind the rows
Feel the wrath of a tortured soul, I'm crossing out now love my vows

[Verse 3: Phrozt]
Demons take over me, visit control of me
Snatching humans souls on holy punishing
Don't look for something that's spiritual
Some kinda miracle from above god that is (?)
I (?) with satan, anticipatin'
With pentagrams in grave the dead have awaken
The lost of forsaken (?) you all die
I'm snatching your souls with the Tec and
Devil Shyt you hatin', fuck all the begging
I study the arts of demonic possession
Pop pills but I'm stressin'
I went through depression
... your fate that I'm testing
With satan controlling me
Writing lost scriptures
People are disease and I hope (?)
Pour death into the mixture
Like a Van Gogh picture
As I'm reading satanic literature

[Verse 4: Nightmare]
I'm terrorizing every park, every street
Every hood that I fuckin' hit
I got no time for you bitches
I'mma murder me a snitch and
Toss you in the fuckin' ditch
A one-eight-seven in the mist
I won't resist to chop you up
And throw your body in a trunk
I'm full of hatred but I waited
For this time to come up on 'em
... in the hood
So what will you do I'm in your face
With the shades, take up satans place
I got my army right behind me as a demon
... I got no reason for this murder
Fuck you in there's a (?)
Life is getting shorter
One by one I take you bitches out

[Interlude]

[Verse 5: B-Tite]
I'm possessed by demons
And they're fiendin' for my insides
No one hears me screamin'
When I'm gleamin', I'm so terrified
(?) we (?) and when I'm fully possessed
I grab my Tec, my vest
Then I lose my conciousness
Satan in the fist
I reach down through the depths of hatred
Bitterness and perversion
It's for certain that I'm hurtin'
I got fallen angels workin'
For me on the other side
Hell is on the rise
Keepin' bodies mummified
Everyones death to be glorified

[Verse 6: Seer the Reaper]
Whaaat! Seer The Reaper is the essence
Of a diabolical microphone killa
Y&D! Finna be takin' it over like a Triple Six, a massacre
Occupy yo body for the winter
Can't u get the picture when you creepin'
In a dark mothafuckin' abyss
Creepin' through dimensions, unknown, don't be afraid
Cursed for eternity as long as they don't cast me out this bitch You a slave or a hideous monster up in a grave
I'm an evil demon that will take you to a cave
Use your blood for a spell then you will decay
We dont play, got the gauge, it's all about the chase
Spirits in my body finna make me catch a case
Visions horrifying and they right 'fore my face
God awful portraits of devilish taste
Unspeakable horrors of hell
They wanna destruct and possess anyone in they way
Yeahhh