Scarecrow, trick

[Hook] 2x
I bust nuts in bitches guts, slugs in niggas nuts
When you hear the BLAY! you better motherfuckin' duck
I don't give a fuck if yo kids playin' on a porch
I got a flamethrower, everybody gettin' torched

[Verse 1]
BLAY!
Follow me into my wicked maze, skinned alive and set on blaze
Hanibal the cannibal, human flesh has an acquired taste
Damn I'm crazed and you be amazed how many Lord has slayed
Bore, fried, baked, flambated, then I lick the plate
Grind my teeth and then I feed ya to the wild boars
When I'm runnin out of bodies, then I rob corpses from the morgue
Biological weapon, deadly as nuclear warheads
Better take upon yo beg cause you won't make it to the med
(?) they find pieces all over the house
With yo ass bleedin' out, then I make some fuckin' nigga sauce
Throw your head like Joe Montana, when I'm full of Tony Montana
Fuck a goddamn stockin', Niggas heads hangin' from my banner

[Hook] 2x
I bust nuts in bitches guts, slugs in niggas nuts
When you hear the BLAY! you better motherfuckin' duck
I don't give a fuck if yo kids playin' on a porch
I got a Flamethrower, everybody gettin' torched

[Verse 2]
I get on the track and I gun 'em down deadly
I mystically (?) medley
Theres no one that ever compare me
Nobody can fuck with me fairly
The torture will get everywhere terribly
The lyrical arson you'll never beat
(?) you oughta be on your knees
The wicked ass (?), the seven seas
I'm bustin' a 500 mill. in me
(?) ass nigga (?) never eat
I'm knockin' a nigga up off the feet
You wanna come up to me? Cautiously
Nobody can fuck with this Wolverine
I open the wound up and it start to bleed
Oh boy I'm high as socrates
Get in your ass like sodomy
... bother me
Man you don't want no parts of me
Got a nigga shocked with nigga knockin'
You can't cop a plea
Trick you in the wrong place at the wrong time
You ain't got mine, come up with my iron
I get some get-right in yo spine

[Hook] 2x
I bust nuts in bitches guts, slugs in niggas nuts
When you hear the BLAY! you better motherfuckin' duck
I don't give a fuck if yo kids playin' on a porch
I got a Flamethrower, everybody gettin' torched