[Intro]
"Hello?"
"Hello."
"Yes?"
"Who is this?"
"Who are you trying to reach?"
"What number is this?"
"Well, what number are you trying to reach?"

[Verse 1: Juicy J]
Ain't nowhere to run, ain't nowhere to hide
Cause we makin' death threat phone call, plenty killas right outside
Waitin' for you to make a move, waitin' for you to make a move
When I get my hands on you ain't no tellin' what I'll do
Trail yo kids from home to school
Chopped up bodies in the tube
Burnin' in the back yard
Use the blood to fill my pool
Fill it up with nothin' left
Tape record the face of death
Evil forces in my mind tellin' me to kill myself

[Verse 2: Lord Infamous]
I shall fulfill your every desire
Tied up to my bed made off hot barbed wire
Demons dance to the chants of the ritual
Black magic wicked Voodoo
Turn the furnace high run inside
Tonight, tonight you're fired
They close to demise, in the multi-crisis
Eternal misery when they bake the sire
Fuck the punishments, hearts of unholiness

[Interlude]
"Listen asshole"
"No, you listen to me bitch
If you hang up on me again I'll gut you like a fish"

[Verse 3: Koopsta Knicca]
Takin' to be crazy bang. That blood be red, red
Three 6 won't you tell me if you feel me?
Teat that poppin' and droppin' inside the mon
C'mon everybody sing a song cause he's gone
Bow down Koopsta holdin' that gun, Koopsta holdin' that gun
Buck'em down only one
But he looked me in my eyes, but I can't help it
So make me out to kill a bitch before he help a bitch

[Verse 4: DJ Paul]
Murda, Murda my intention. Came a new dimension
Neitha' do I mention. The drugs we fill in your system
We sticked'em with needles and feet the feat is beat us if you dare to
Sicker than fevers, meat cleavers, leave us to the bed roof
Don't answer the phone it might be the one that you been dodgin' fool
Don't answer the phone it might be the one that's at the window crew
Just cut off the ring and let me make a way to your soul
Behind the T.V. in the corner with your eyes closed

[Outro]
"Hey, we're not finished yet. Final question. Are you ready?"
"Please... leave me alone..."
"Answer the question and I will. Which door am I'm at?"
"What?"
"There are two main doors to your house. The front door and the back patio door. If you answer correctly, you may live."