(Wicked Sick Productions)

[Hook: Ganksta N-I-P Sample] 4x
First cop I see, I'm breakin' his knee
Then break inside his house and kill his whole fuckin' family

[Verse 1: B-Tite]
First cop I see, I'm smashin' his teeth
With the butt of my fucking gun, then I blast him and flee
Yo I'm fast on my feet, motherfuckers can't catch me
I been on the fuckin' run for a whole damn century
I'm Brutally-Tite, I'm up all night
Peekin' out my window high as a kite
My Glock out tight, my mind ain't right
Trippin' off that fuckin' white
I'm a cop killer, I'm a dope dealer
Devil Shyt for life cause I'm a gut spiller
Fuck you and your fuckin' posse
Blow you up like Kami Kaze
Can't settle this fuckin' real ass shit
Hundred guns and a hundred clips
Pointed at your fuckin' click
Every single one is a fuckin' bitch
Left the scene, all fucking bloody
I told them bustas not to fuck me
A deadly game that they don't play
Fuck me up my fuckin' money
I just have weed and my Glock
I'ma ambush the fucking cops
Cruisers pull up on the scene
In disbelief of what they see
Goin' in the hood, they ain't gonna speak
Cause all they heard was shots and screams
I take advantage of one cop pukin'
... drop when I start shootin'

[Verse 2: Phrozt]
Fuck the New World Order, martial art ain't shit
FBI did not know I pull heat
When they bust up my door then I got a 12 gauge
In a rage I'll erase as I empty the clip
Got a army of demons comin' after us
And no they will not stop until they capture us
But not a supernatural being
All leaders are lying as they sit back and laugh at us
People really think somebody like me is gonna sit back and let all the bullshit happen
If they wanna pour the dice then they better think twice cause alotta people like me get shit crackin'
Fuck all the government, fuck (?) and the cops are a puppetshow with the puppets
The world ran by bankers deposit, the scum ...  as I'm shovin' it

[Verse 3: Strife Abaddon]

[Hook/Sample] 4x
First cop I see, I'm breakin' his knee
Then break inside his house and kill his whole fuckin' family

[Verse 4: Seer the Reaper]
I got a problem with authority, the police and the government
I kill 'em when they steppin' in my path
As I look into my past ... capable
I put 'em in the trunk with the chopper in black
Cause I don't wanna mess take a spatula personated
Put 'em in a black hearse, should've left my ass alone
Automatic ... with the tone ... my own ... gettin' stoned
Fuck the po po's, hate 'em with a passion
Tryin' to stay away from them, (?) possible
If they tryin' to chase me I'mma pull the chopper though
They will fall like dominoes, I am the (?)
Bloody when the llama blow
..., run up with the trenchcoat
Anyone that go against Hoodklan and the throne
Fuck the elite ...
Seer the Reaper runnin' with the ... bustin'
And they black out while I stab 'em in their chest
I gotta creep in love with the bat, the .44 mag ... splat
... runnin' our world, dead wrong
Then another revolution comin' quickly
Reptilian mystic, I'm (?) this bitch ...
Third eye (?) now I'm capable of seein' right through bushes
I have visions, see the world for what it is
That's why they call me the Seer the Reaper, you get it
As I look into the picture, I can see the vision, let teach us this taken pace
And now let the blood to be in the hands of the Hood Klan (?) race

[Verse 5: Nightmare]
Runnin' from the police, I'm a criminal with the felony
It's the jealousy that brings all these haters to their knees
Don't give a fuck, I'mma buck 'em to the ground
Hades abound (?) guts around
And when these cops confront a demonic
Thoughts with the satanist eyes
... demons arride, I reside in the south
And I'm quick to bust your mouth
Play no games, fuck what you claim
Got the bullet with your name
I proclaim the evil deeds and
Kill your dad for no damn reason
Fuck the cops, the V.P.D. (?) terror (?)
You fuck with me; I fuck with you
And won't be funny when ya do
I'll fuckin' toke you then I'll smoke you
With your baton I proceed to beat you down
Beat you down, beat you down motherfucker
I'm with no soul and out of control and still demonic as before
Feel no remorse for any cop for wish 'em death somethin' and proper
Suicidal, maybe psycho, I am rare, may need a prayer
So beware and keep aware, I am the one the call the Nightmare

[Hook: Ganksta N-I-P Sample] 4x
First cop I see, I'm breakin' his knee
Then break inside his house and kill his whole fuckin' family

[Verse 6: Lord Infamous]
BLAY!
(?) me the hatchet, I rush 'em, detachin', smash with the Mac and I blast 'em and bash
The Infamous maniac massacre officers (?) guts before all you bagged
.30-06 with the teflon hits through your bullet proof vest, it go straight through your chest
Only damn thing you'll arrest is your cardiac, grab your damn heart as the lead (?)
Kickin' my door in, for yo ass in here I got booby traps and I make yall ass retreat
The Scarecrow I got a damn (?) so bring your damn SWAT-Team, they gonna have hell catchin' me
Lord Infamous practice military tactics, I'm here with the automatics when I ...
So dig it six feet and throw in the damn meat and it's D.O.A witnessing L-O-R-D
The mission is multiple mutilate suckers that bustin' a nigga for tryin' to hustle
Get found like a customer tryin' to bust us, I spray all you fuckers and make your ass suffer
Monster on the millis, now you guzzle on your blood and drown
Puddle 'em with the (?) the sonic boom BLAWW
Crush 'em like boa constrictor, the Infamous menace, and throw his ass in the atlantic
Savage I sniff me a gram and your ass better scatter, I'm ready to do me some damage
So, all you law enforcement niggas, yo you gotta die
Execute them bitches when you fuckin' with the L.I

[Hook: Ganksta N-I-P Sample] 4x
First cop I see, I'm breakin' his knee
Then break inside his house and kill his whole fuckin' family