(Soze, BLAY!)

[Hook: Lord Infamous] 2x
I know where you live, every place you lay your head
I know where yo mammy work, I might get her instead
I know where your nappy head ass kids go to school
So go and get my money or there'll be alotta funerals

[Verse 1: Lord Infamous]
BLAY!
Listen closely nigga cause I'm only gonna say this once
I'mma make your shirt look
Like you just wasted some damn fruit punch
On the streets damn rocket launch
Blow your trick-ass to next month
Better bring 'em 'bout a bunch
Cause you 'bout to get project stomped
Lord Voorhees from terror Tennessee, the night breed
Bring your bitch-ass 'round me with that talk-shit straight to IC
Yeah I rap, bitch, but I hate fuckin' rappers
Most them niggas soft as hell and I can't wait to snap ya
Don't think I'mma dap ya, I rather kidnap ya
Put you in the trunk, you get the Placka-Placka-Placka!
Where them night goggles? Where the motherfuckin' tools?
Better get my money, gonna be another funeral

[Hook: Lord Infamous] 2x

[Verse 2: II Tone]
I'm on my Jessie Dotson shit, it's the fuckin' Crime Click
It's II Tizzle in this bizzle, all my haters: slit yo wrist
Niggas yellin' real but fake as fuck they don't wanna get 'em up
Yo momma cryin' about this shit but still you wanna try yo luck
I know where you hangin', where the fuck you lay yo head
You need to pay me all my money 'fore they find you dead
See it's simple about the situation, got no time to beef
In front of yo kids and yo mammy
Leave you leakin' in the streets
I know you a gangsta, are you ready for a war?
You callin' on my phone, sayin': "It won't happen no more"
Apologizin' won't make it better cause this niggas (?) cheddar
... this all a ... make me real better

[Hook: Lord Infamous] 2x

[Verse 3: Mac Montese]
I know every place you lay yo head and where you stay at
My shooters come through with them Rugers everwhere
Get sprayed at
Lay low for a second then it's right back on the same track
Lookin' for them niggas to come dumpin' where we hang at
Don't play them games, we 'bout that life
So make sure that you strapped up tight
If a nigga catch you slippin' they gon' try to hit you
With the Mac-10 and that might end yo life
Real talk and not real rap, this shit I spit is real facts
I'm from the land of the 'gnolia
Straight soldiers, but still they peel caps
Funerals is all I see on a daily basis
Got me wakin' up tryin' to pinch myself
I'm caught up in the matrix
Is it red pill or blue pill? Shit I just take the green one
Whichever route I choose I make sure that I keep my gun

[Hook: Lord Infamous] 2x