[Hook: DJ Paul samples]
But now, but now I gotta make 'em lay it down
I gotta make 'em lay it down
The 6 double 6 mobbin' niggas rush, this is the touch

I don't wanna hurt nobody
Unless I gotta click for them keys
Man, let's stick up these

[Verse 1: Kingpin Skinny Pimp and (Lil Gin)]
Darkness (hustle day) tightly up my gat
(Storm door) but no (crash through the window)
Glock nine by nineteen, softly grip so I won't slip
(Bustin' a cap in yo face)
Niggas don't you even not try to trip?
Where you stay? "What you mean?"
Is you clean? "Fuck you hoe"
Smartass *bang bang* blood it got scattered all over the floor
5.0 convulsions, holler with three keys in my trunk
Take a cruise to Florida, Mr. Captain on that yacht
Bitches in bikinis when the butterfly pimp will tell the bitch I make her wanna get me some chewin'
But ... go get that thang, let's go make a stang
Now I'm drinkin' Bushwacker ... niggas
(?) Smokey City killas (?) North Memphis brown
When we rob, thats my job, you offguard from my Glock
When I cock the missile tone pistol, duckin' won't help yo dome
So fuck you Bone, bitin' our fuckin' style
You hoes gon' get kidnapped (you bitches lay it down!)

[Hook/DJ Paul samples]

[Verse 2: Lord Infamous]
I got a flame burnin' the leaf around the devil weed
Laid back in the darkness in the Steamer on the backstreet
Scarecrow is waitin' for bodys to pop out the crib
....... cause I'm feeling (?) about thirteen murders
My nigga before sunday evening huh
I got a black bandana tied around my face
Grab the cash and all the weight
Put it in my black briefcase
Hey, cause this shit really don't stop me
Making me no motherfuckin' ...
Strictly mafioso nigga, they call me Lord Infamous, uh
I got a chamber equipped with painful tips
I snip and rip and I won't stop until you rest
And soaked up off a gat new clip
So I must warn you, I will harm you
Don't test Scarecrows nuts
Cause I will bloody up my gloves in yo cut
Like Chuck give it up now
Got somethin' for you, and you, and you
And that motherfucker over there too
My name is Scarecrow bitch, in other words: nigga I love to shoot
But business boomin' mane, so I can't complain
Insane boom-bang, you're a victim of a stang mane

[Hook/DJ Paul samples]

[Verse 3: Koopsta Knicca]
Seekin' a bitch (?) cause I'm constantly thinkin' (?) more than me
Skulls ... of a psychopathic murder scene
I'm fiendin for them rings and mega bucks mane I can't get enough
Poetry is the substance when the Koopsta Knicca's poppin' slugs
I'm the type of nigga that'll got yo ass when I say "Don't laugh"
No tellin' when I hit you but you wind up in a body bag
Sittin' up like a bitch trick at a victim of this fuckin' stang
Teflons in up in yo brain
Bloody-blood-bloody-blood blood stain
Murder, murder, murder
Cause that Koopsta Knicca's 'bout to serve her
Hustle for this cheese ... in this bitch
Bitches be like (?) shit ... can be some victim
(?) shit won't pay me off, hoe I just stick 'em
Kill yo grannies, aunties and yo mammies, really I don't give a fuck
Clickin' is that Koopsta Knicca, fiendin' for them mega bucks
Victim of trick lay it down or be a body in a (?)
Best to watch yo back or be a victim of this fucking stang