(Wicked Sick Productions)

[Intro: Lil Jack] 2x
Bullet with yo face on it, see me kill for fun
Run nigga run, redruM, redruM
Picture closed casket, we go taliban
And my Tommy Gun drum goes ram-pam-pam-pam

[Verse 1: Lil Jack]
Lord knows man I hate y'all niggas
Blow yo face off nigga with an eight cal nigga
I'm the type of killer that'll hide in ya house
Put that iron in yo mouth, I wanna waste y'all niggas
I got a pistol grip and I'mma pistol whip
A pussy, whip little pussy bitch
I think I lost my mind I say I'm Wicked Sick
(yellin') 911 (yellin') 666
... blood ... bitch
I'm on that drama shit that'll get yo mama split
Niggas walking dead off with the head
Somebody help me, I'm about to click!
I put a bullet to yo motherfuckin' face hoe
(?) leave a nigga with no face hoe
Call me J-A-lower k, blow the place
I got a pillow case for yo face hoe
See yo bodies wrapped around trees
Walking through blood up to my knees
Please, my homeboys still got that human skull
A couple hostages and some fire ass weed
About to be a killing spree
Free Charles Manson and R.I.P
To all my enemies that plan on killin' me
(?) run up in yo crib and leave you all deceased
...
Chalk line, blood all over the street
... roll the body in sheets
And break out the shovel, 6 feet deep
Coroners, pallbearers, choppers tall as basketball players
Call the Reaper, grab the sickle AKA Jack the Ripper
Slap the shit outta one o' you rappin' niggas

[Verse 2: Evil Pimp]
On the run I see them blue light flashes so the Pimp must dash
A-P-B is out on me so police looking for my ass
Run through the alley, I drop off the weapon and now I'm high-steppin' to get out the room
I can't be seen walkin' round in these jeans cause the blood is all over and that is no good
Found me a lemon who patiently sittin' up in a red Lexus, I knock on the glass
Told him I need to like borrow the car or hoe (?) homie get out of here fast
... passenger seat and I told him to step on the pedal and get on the roll
Go in my pockets to roll up a swisher sweet, put to my lips and like now right here blow
All of a sudden I see on my mirror a highway state trooper is creepin' up slow
Now all my nerves were up in a panic, before I get caught I will murder that hoe
Drop my ass on some ... now I'm back on the streets and start lurkin' again
Get what I get from the crime I commit it's the ... off in the wind
Make on my way to (?) with the gun on my waist and there's nothing but blood on my mind
Towed his car up later that night but a robbery victim is all they will find
Tryin' to do whatever, it's whatever make my pockets right
I'ma have a good ass night as long as there's no flashin' light

[Interlude]

[Verse 3: Lord Infamous]
BLAY!
When I stalk on the target (?) robbin' and sell all his dead organs on the black market
Trigger finger throbbin', Mafioso Goblin, eliminate a nigga with a ... deadly problem
Lord's so deadly, can't protect yo neck cause I'm gunnin' down clowns with the automatic Tec
Put on the camo and grab extra ammo, I powder war paint and I wet up your chest
Dump me a quarter of bay on the plate and I never get rid of this damn skull on the stake
Place two black candles into the eye sockets (?), bitch I got cannibal taste
Infamous Hannibal, ferocious animal, crocodile, cold-blooded as a reptile
"Dead Man Walking", open your coffin and rip all the gold out yo mouth

[Verse 4: II Tone]
Now (?) nigga layin' in the cut, scopin' out the scene
I want drugs and the money cause I gotta feed the team
So I grab Glock, get the mask, take me to yo fuckin' stash
Don't make a move, just put me to the cash
With the mind of a lunatic, don't turn around
Shut the fuck up 'fore a nigga buck ya down
All about the money so I run up in yo crib
Drop it off the ass, gotta get it how I live
Million ways to murder since the '94
Now I gotta run up out the back door, blast 'em with da .44
Now my mind at ease, shit I feel no pain
I'm down for a robbery, Let's Make A Stang