[Verse 1: Lil Wyte]
Well if this is the calm before the storm
Then I'm the first lightning bolt
Ready to put a scorching slice to anything I'm smiting on
The only one Paul allows to watch the throne
Whenever he isn't home
And long ago I've bowed to give my all
No matter what's goin on
Let it be known: I'm callin' out anybody
That's got a problem now
And now go back to the crib, pick up yo pen
And keep on writin' down
Them whack ass raps on all them tight ass tracks
Bitch I been doin' this shit a decade
Gettin' paid, fuck with that
Motherfucker

[Verse 2: Miscellaneous]
Ah, my posse got killas on the motherfucking parol
And they don't make move until a motherfucker say so
So I suggest you pussy niggas lay low
'Fore a nigga have to react another scene (?) get me yayo
When miscellaneous 'bout start on 'em, go hard on 'em
Pull a card on 'em, leave a scar on 'em
Make him reach in his mouth, fuck around, pull his heart on 'em
Cause a nigga 'bout to go ballistic on a mission
Thinkin' animalistic, nigga ...
Wyte Music, Hypnotize Minds celebratin' the vision
With return of the Lord Infamous, you bitches

[Verse 3: Shamrock]
Tailor suits with the gator boots
I got a razor fade with the razor blade
This Mafioso gone irish
Real G's move quick and silent
My hands are clean, no longer violent
But I got goons who provide the guide and
Run up on some fools with the automatic
... strapped
Everything you do make it (?)
So far ahead, make it hard to catch
Wyte Music, I'm a party vet
And it's Wyte Music where my heart is at
I hold it down when I'm asked to
How you think a motherfucker got past you?
Scarecrow show 'em what you got do
Where the cash at mane, it's passed through, let's go

[Verse 4: Partee]
Time to mow the lawn, it's some snakes in the grass
Cut they heads off, throw they bodies in the trash
I turned the cellphone off, I guess that made 'em mad
I took care of the young boy, you should call me dad
You a fuckin' fag, take a ... in your durex
Talking slick, I see you beat on yo ass
As I go on sight, you be standin' next to a bomb
I swear to god it's a fight ... bitch

[Verse 5: Ace, of Thug Therapy]
I'm knowin' yo mother don't warned you about fuckin' with niggas
That you don't know shit about
You gon' find yourself in a whole heap of trouble
Bitch ... Thug Therapy hit yo mouth
I ain't tellin' you once, I ain't tellin' you twice
I ain't the type of nigga that you should doubt
Cause once I said it, it's done, it's over
Then me and my niggas we smokin' out
So it's best that you ain't (?) about the south
Or you confront some shit you ain't ready face
Me and my nigga Moe Joe, we always ready to catch a case
...
... oh no another nigga dead and gone
What the fuck you out there playin' for?

[Verse 6: Moe Joe, of Thug Therapy]
It's Wyte Music, Thug Therapy and them killas (?) the Three 6
Keep my foot on they neck, hit 'em with some more of that heat bitch
You know I live the high life, haters call me fly type
(?) like Mike & Ikes ... like (?)
Mafia, money and murder - that's the shit we into
The streets is what we been through
We all know who we (?)
You cowards finna bail, feel hell on they cano
(?) in the field with the Scarecrow

[Verse 7: Lord Infamous]
Revolver, I'mma pierce and rap
Evaporate clown when I snatch out your scalp
Infamous throwin' the hatchet just like an apache
Go BLAY! and I'm goin' all out
Pull out your teeth and I feed your ass to the wild boars
Watch 'em eat every morsel
Sprayin' the karma to everywhere (?) have no damn torso
Scarecrow I feel no remorse on losin' no sleep
When the devil want fresh souls
And every time where I'm a (?)
Cause Satan will make Infamous an immortal
Lord Vorhees, Keyser Myers, Scarecrow Zodiac
(?) the hail rain and flames lava pits
In soul possessor tags
Lord of poppy fields and coca leafs
And methamphetamine king
Devily cornered, the massacre carnage
Eliminate - varnish the killing spree
Scarecrow is back from hell
And I came up to preach these deadly scriptures
You don't want me to get up with ya
Torture more niggas than Adolf Hitler
BLAY!