[Hook: Lord Infamous] 6x
Because me really love to make a stang
Mr. high-capper, don't make me touch ya mane

[Verse 1: DJ Paul]
I'm scopin' out ya busta cause I got no love f-izz-or ya
I got green Chevy with a trunk that'll hold ya, down
Till I reach my part of town Blackside bound clown
Shoot ya down, have ya ever heard the sound
Of a S-K auto round, trick
Ditch a bitch in a second click, quick
On a rapper for the hell of it
Similar to love that I got for Three six
Sixness in the heart of me
Cause my b-izz-ody wid a love for robbery

[Verse 2: Lord Infamous, AKA Scarecrow]
Scarecrow with the cloud of smoke flyin' out my mouth
The little hundred rounds give it to me now, or me pow
Me cock a slug, drop you in thee mud, in thee blood
Eventually you pass away and then me choke on me bud
Me wonder why smokin' this thunder
Makes me go out and hunt a nigga for money
I start to share out all ah the money
And me do not stop until that bloody Sunday
No matter sunshine or rain
Mane shut the fuck up and give me everythang

Hook (4x)

[Verse 3: Juicy J]
Back in the days, as a kid I played "stick 'em up"
Now I'm gettin' buck, gained nuts
Robbin' armored trucks
Walkin' through the streets of Hyde Park
When it's pitch dark
Comin' out the cuts, wid a gat
When I'm ready to rob
Hard to my job
I was makin' bustas think twice
Thinkin' that I'm fuckin' nice
Knowin' I'll make they body ice cold
Then throw 'em in the hideaway where bodies lay
Wid them thangs, we'll split ya brain
When we stang

[Verse 4: Scan Man]
The last stang, grab my Glock
On my knees, stay in yo pose
Time to get these tr-izzn-icks
Wo fuck with the motherfuckin' (?) clique
Paul you got that right my nig
... anna (?) constantly
Now it's time they meet their death
...
...
...
Gun shots (?) sound off, tr-izzn-icks (?) get on the ground
Busta bitch test this shit, I unload the (?) clip
Terror stang swiftly done, then I blow smoke from my gun
No love in me, the Scan Man just don't give a fuck
Stangin' you bitches and leave 'em in ditches
Is what the Triple 6 really love

[Outro] 5x
Because me real-, because me real-
Because me real-, because me really love to make a stang