[Intro: Lil Wyte]
Partee, check it out bro
We be grindin' a long motherfuckin time homie
We got all this bread
We got all these connections
You know I'm sayin', we got the King behind us
What you wanna do?

[Hook: Partee] 2x
Let's make a Mafia Movie, Mafia Movie
Let's make a Mafia Movie, Mafia Movie
Let's make a Mafia Movie, Mafia Movie
Like Robert De Neiro or Danny DeVito

[Verse 1: Partee]
Somebody don't get killed or bucked in the opening credits
Then I don't watch the movie, you will regret it
Mane I feel like Johnny Depp in the movie "Blow"
When he realized he can turn green to snow
See I'm on my mafioso, this here is our day (?)
If this was a mafia flick a few wouldn't be alive
Never ride with yo crew or turn yo back on wise guys
I avoided death so many times like Lucky Lucciano
If it's business ... it gets handled
I got the vision, I bust this eagle in the temple
Of Nicky Santoro I never ...

[Hook: Partee] 2x
Let's make a Mafia Movie, Mafia Movie
Let's make a Mafia Movie, Mafia Movie
Let's make a Mafia Movie, Mafia Movie
Like Robert De Neiro or Danny DeVito

[Verse 2: Lil Wyte]
I'm the son of DJ Paul, the nephew to Lord Infamous
Juicy J's my godfather, I am the mafia
Project Pat's my big brother, I'm a walking movie
No script, no rehearsal, nobody can sue me
I show up and do me, just turn the fuckin' cameras on
And my right hand just happens to be the king of the Black Haven Zone
Right off the road is Graceland Mansion where they have the mafia meetings
Local politicians attended and Elvis was a leader
Is it a coincidence that I'm the man in charge now?
I think not, I played the game right and then put my cards down
I'm Lil Wyte the soul (?) throne the future king of Memphis
Fuck it, while I am it I'm even tryin' to over the world with this

[Hook: Partee] 2x
Let's make a Mafia Movie, Mafia Movie
Let's make a Mafia Movie, Mafia Movie
Let's make a Mafia Movie, Mafia Movie
Like Robert De Neiro or Danny DeVito

[Skit from the movie "Casino"]
No matter how big a guy might be
Nicky would take him on
You beat Nicky with fists
He comes back with a bat
You beat him with a knife
He comes back with a gun
And if you beat him with a gun
You better kill him ...

[Verse 3: Lord Infamous]
BLAY!
Scarecrow the Lord Infamous, some call me Kaiser Corleone
Hit yo car alarm, disintegrated by a C4-bomb
Scarecrow is a main man I perform the attacks when it's time to get whacked
Razor wire around yo neck, suffocate you with a plastic sack
Triple 6 a syndicate, yeah South Memphis, yo I'm runnin' that
If you make here a look to my territory better give me my tax or you capture the axe
Made a deal with the devil, ultimate power to give my soul up
Dip my fountain pen in my own blood before the flames erupt
Battin' heads like Nicky (?) pile the skulls up on the mantle
Bury money stacks behind a panel, brought your fucking camera
This (?) will cross my credo, kill DeVito, Tommy Heelow
Get yo damn life beat to concrete fetal, see and speak no evil

[Outro]
...because he'll keep comin back and back
Until one of you is dead