[News Reporter Chuck Bell]
Their name is synonymous with murder
Charles Manson and his followers
But did the Manson family commit additional murders we never knew about?
Tonight, police are saying, there could be as many as a dozen others
NBC4’s Robert Kovacik is live with more on this developing story

[Verse 1: Lord Infamous]
BLAY!
It's the Rowdy Bounty Hunter, futuristic homo sapien
I can drop 'em dead and use my demons to awake in 'em
Manson Family, Tennessee, I practice voodoo culture
Leave yo carcass in the backyard aten by the vulture
Infamous, Art of War, Sun Tzu, I mix it with voodoo, the mind of Minolta
The caliber enter yo matter, I splatter your batter all over the sofa
Torture techniques I use have been practiced over centuries
I get high and think of different ways to cause you misery
Step into my domicile, soon you will be smellin' foul
Killer from the nile, body pile, they been here a while
Don't be horrified, nigga death is just the other side
Scarecrow the soul blade, blaze firin' shots of fire

[Verse 2: C-Rock]
From South Memphis projects
Try them conflicts, you get lost there
Niggas heads (?) exorcist
Of your ass better drop, then cock back
Nine millimeter, put it in yo face
Robbin' me? Stoppin' me? Ain't no way
Po-pos out here can't stop shit
Cause they know what it is: Death 2 Pigs

[Verse 3: Yung Koke]
From the Northside to the Southside
From nineteen street to thirteen street
I'm in Foxwood with a bad freak
With a pistol sittin' on the front seat
Got niggas gettin' money everywhere
From the projects to (?)
On ten street ...
On eleven street it was straight (?)
I got goons dwellin' on the Westside
On ... off a Avalon
They are hundred deep where I come from
Swear to god a nigga they don't want none
I'mma represent it to the fullest bitch
The forty here is a fully, bitch
On garden lane it's still slangin' caine
Down on Rosemary, down in Sewer Lane

[Verse 4: Lil Jack]
I fill a ball of crack off in the dope track
I sniff a ball of P off in the MNC
Yeah I went to east and yeah I was a beast
Paid for (?) drugs, they love eightteen street
I got a young chick in West Memphis High
She keep that girl, keep West Memphis high
Got another broad, she from the straighter part
But I swear to god she from (?)
Past SteepleChase (?)
(?) Waffle House, I'm still slangin' (?)
From Eastwood to Holiday
Down Scottwood back where (?) stay
I'm a (?) nigga, we don't play fair nigga
Where you stink, you gon' lay there nigga

[Verse 5: Lil Sko]
I really don't think they know Lil Sko, I'ma pull a kick-door on this industry
I ain't no one-hit-wonder but still y'all gon' remember me
Pour Hennessy on my dope, see Tennesse it ain't no joke
Cause I know thugs that'll kill for real and I know junkies that'll kill for dope
And hope that you ain't at the wrong place at the wrong time
You only got one life to live, so what you gon' do when you see that nine?
You best to hide behind yo uncles and cousins that done done some time
You best to pay close attention to what I'm spittin' in my rhymes

[Outro: C-Rock]
Death to pigs, you know what it is
Where them (?) cliques?
Represent where yo cliques are from
Throw yo sets like this
Manson clique, Manson fucking clique, Manson fucking clique
Manson clique, Manson fucking clique, Manson fucking clique
Bitch

[News Reporter Robert Kovacik]
LAPD Commander Andy Smith tells me tonight
That these are cases back from the height
Of the Manson family crimes spree, four decades ago;
Murders under similar circumstances
The LAPD says they’re doing this on behalf
Of family members of victims
But a key piece of evidence is still tied up in court