[Hook: Valtiel & Lord Infamous] 2x
What's wrong with me?
Now I promise to punish 'em
What's wrong with me?
(Ritualistic sacrifice is what you must partake in)
What's wrong with me?
Now I promise to punish 'em
What's wrong with me?
(Many of my victims hang by meat hooks in my basement)

[Verse 1: Valtiel]
Nothing seemed to be good enough until now
I'm finally beginning to come up and to put my foot down
Phoenix the city estate chose to open the gates of hell
I'm coming up dressed in trenchcoat off the west coast
The wicked ass sorcerer known as Valtiel
I stand in your way with a frown on my face
Nightmare real life I'm here to haunt you
Blowing the bodies all over the place
High on the shit like hits of ganja
Don't worry I'm here to help you yes we got you covered
Enemies laid to rest no tales to tell
Just torch that mothafucka
And the bloody carcass no problem
I gotta get God out my conscience
A complex I'm bothered and boxed in
But watch him in contrast
Darkness allowed it and everything worked out
Now that I wanna stay put my coat down
Things they don't look the same
Broken the window pane
Glass shattered the devil shyt style
Fractured the underground but never will I put it down
Keeps me in my element
But what if I failed and never did it?
Would I begin to appear like an apparition?
Magic illusionist Valtiel truth in this
Everyone else is just pure entertainment
It's not about money or fame
But the same will say anything
Gain a consumer while I'm truly living this
It's just a part of the dark light
Look into my eyes realize tonight your life is mine
And this time I brought a friend to end the sin that's entered in
Infamous the infamous on mystical wicked triple six devil shyt

[Hook: Valtiel & Lord Infamous]
What's wrong with me?
Now I promise to punish 'em
What's wrong with me?
(Ritualistic sacrifice is what you must partake in)
What's wrong with me?
Now I promise to punish 'em
What's wrong with me?
(Many of my victims hang by meat hooks in my basement)

[Verse 2: Lord Infamous]
BLAY!
Scarecrow, I'm melting the flesh on your face
Like a napalm from Vietnam in Saigon
Scarecrow the Rowdiest Bounty Hunter
But sometimes I'm collecting the corpses for fun
Cut off the tongue so the screams are none
Cookin' not medium rare; well done
Bullets keep comin', they fly supersonic
You cannot outrun it, the slugs are atomic
They piercin' and burnin', I get so demonic
Lord Infamous gunnin', can't get away from it
I promise I punish and pay a nigga a daily homage
You want a mob hit and I'm the nigga that you get, tricks
Scarecrow the deadly Jedi crucifix
Cock back the hammer, fill you up with dents
Castrate the nigga, straight cut off his testicles
And then I just feed it back to the punk bitch
Ritualistic sacrifice is what you must partake in
Pin 'em down in bloody pentagrams and then cremate 'em
Hell has many horrors trick, do you want to face them?
Many of my victims hang by meat hooks in my basement
Scarecrow I'm evil and over the mold
Come any closer I'll take your damn soul
Infamous the Bloody Bounty Hunter from the black sea
I can tell you, maybe you see
What the fuck is wrong with me