[Riot noise]

(Wicked Sick Productions)

[Verse 1: Lord Infamous]
I'm jumping straight over the barricade
With the steel toe in the boot, tryin' to crack ya damn face
They launchin' teargas but I got on the mask with diluters
But not try to catch me a case
Fuck ... blastin' me blast with the water hose
Knockin' the skin off they ass
The riot police kinda ratchet ... faggots
When we retaliate on they ass
Snatch off the (?) and take the damn (?)
Taste this bitch just right in he fuckin' neck
(?) deck, beat him in chest
With his damn billy club, bloody his vest
Make these tricks call the damn national guard
When I run in this bitch actin' like a retard
Militian hard, savage they yard
Pushin' they blocks, street camouflage!

[Verse 2: Seer the Reaper]
Brutal shit, bloody ass murder was the charge
Cause I entered the garage with a runnin' chainsaw
Then the police came and saw I was layed out sprawled
Smokin' a junt, fuck tha law, I didn't even care at all
Now I'm in a prison cell, doin' a bid, I don't give a shit
Throwin' chairs, startin' fires, runnin' with da Infamous
Hood Klan in this bitch, take you to a deep abyss
Shank a motherfucker ten times, pure convict
That was in my past life, but I remember so vividly
Like yesterday it was happening
Climb up the tower then fuck up the officer
Take tha damn rifle and put it right to his face
Surely we will escape, open the prison gates
I don't cooperate, fuck tha police
What the fuck they really gonna do when I'm free?
When tha homies come together in tha floor they gonna be

[Interlude]

[Verse 3: B-Tite]
Let's start a motherfuckin' riot in this bitch
I'mma beat the damn cop with his own fuckin' night stick
His partner runs up, he gon' get fuckin' hit
With a blast from my nine, I be shootin' from the hip
Motherfucking run with the Lord Infamous
We got plenty guns with a bunch of full clips
Rollin' with Seer The Reaper down With the fuckin' sickness
Highspeed chasin', bustin' out shots at the motherfuckin' cops
And put my hands on I'm squeezin' fucking Glocks
Hang out the side to let the fuckin' movies
... bible ... fuckin' newbie
I ain't fuckin' down to let the cops screw me
Beat my ass (?) is how they do me
Swervin' 'round these bike trips
They so ain't down for fuckin' shit
If it cops that's on the roll
Seer gonna hit 'em with this weapon
Make 'em do some front flips
Violence fills my fuckin' rage
I'm caught up in this damn depression
Dustin' off my twelve gauge
Since we had a fuckin' recession
Thousand people seriously injured
Fourty hundred people killed
Droppin' off these stankin' bodies
Leave 'em rotting in some landfills