[Intro]
Lord Infamous, Scarecrow
Lil Jack, 6th Enterprise
Massacring these rappers
IKILLu

You can get beat punk, pow-pow, we crunk
Cock back the chopper and knock out some meat chunks
Masked up like Slipknot, I'ma keep on dumpin' til this motherfucker can't (?)

[Hook: Lil Jack]
Masked up like Slipknot, better nigga slip not
You can get shot 'fore this motherfuckin' shit drop
AK-47 but I only got three shots
Better nigga slip not, masked up like Slipknot
Masked up like Slipknot, better nigga slip not
You can get shot 'fore this motherfuckin' shit drop
I'ma keep on dumpin' til this motherfucker can't (?)
You can get beat punk, pow-pow, we crunk

[Verse 1: Lil Jack]
I got the feeling these niggas gon' make me kill 'em
But I don't need no case, dead rappers all over the place
Got the mask on my face, yeah, lookin' like Pig
Blow his back against the wall, leave a message for the pigs
Got a body in the kitchen
And mane this nigga ain't dead, see his legs still twitchin'
Close range leave his head missin'
This nigga still ain't dead?
I can beat a nigga bloody into a concussion
12 gauge bustin', sound like a percussion
Shouts out to Koke, shouts to the coke
Little Leatherface, mane I chainsaw his door
Mane you niggas want beef? I declare a war
IKILLu like the IAP-store
Youngin got the Tec, Kuku got her a machete
Scarecrow got (?) on his head like Freddy
Yeah, all I'm sayin' is you niggas keep playin'
Well I'ma start sprayin', empty the K and let the body decay
Never let a nigga see my face like I'm Doctor Claw
Butcher nigga masked up like Slipknot is all he saw

[Hook: Lil Jack]

[Verse 2: Lord Infamous]
BLAY!
It's a murder chainsaw massacre, (?) attacking ya
I'm leaking 'em like Dracula, the bullets get on smacking ya
The ammo enter front then it coming out the back of ya
I got a butcher blade, getting frantic when I'm stabbing ya
Dagger detachin' and sledgehammer smash ya up
Pour on the gas, light a match with yo ass combust
I'm called the Infamous, do not take prisoners
Mission to injure ya, decrease yo temperature
Serial killer wicked voodoo minister
Scorpion, sometimes I'm Dr. Kevorkian
Shoot you in yo porcelain and give me the orphanage
Devil went corporate, Illuminati ordered it
Remains from yo brains make up very nice ornaments
Slice yo ass up into very small portions
Yo ass better run like you fuckin' (?)
Pressure on yo ass like to squeeze (?)
.50 cal blow yo punk ass outta orbit
My maniac mind eye look kinda morbid
Rowdy Bounty Hunter gunslinger deranged
Ballistics make you split yo motherfuckin' veins

[Hook: Lil Jack]