[Intro: DJ Paul talking]
Yeah these bitches got some motherfuckin' problems
All on our motherfuckin' dick
You know I'm sayin', you got some problems
You need to come in our face with the shit
And take care of yo motherfuckin' business bitch

[Hook: DJ Paul]
Take care yo business bitch, take care yo business bitch
Always talkin' that hard shit, take care yo business bitch
Take care yo business bitch, take care yo business bitch
Always talkin' that ass off, take care yo business bitch

Take care yo business bitch, take care yo business bitch
Always talkin' that hard shit, take care yo business bitch
Take care yo business bitch, take care yo business bitch
The Triple 6 Mafia ain't barrin' none of you tricks

[Verse 1: DJ Paul]
Sittin' back gettin' my dick sucked by the neighborhood hoe
Ch-izz-illin' izz-in m-izz-y (?)
With the lights out and smokin' dope
Funky (?) from sturdy drinkin' on that Gin & J
But then I had to go and mix it up with the Courvoisier
And then I had to top it up, I'm smokin' on that chocolate (?)
Also puttin' the street to a long night sleep plus
(?) on my mind
Sturdy hearin' rumors in the streets about my Triple 6
(?) why always (?) on the dick of the Killa Man
And if you think you talk about hoes to us trick
You need to take care of yo business ...
I'm tired of hearing shit thats being said by another nigga
Motherfuckers thinkin' they hard
Just because they a little bigger
I got a little-bitty trigger that'll break em' off
Especially for them niggas hoes
Hats talkin their monkey ass off
And I shoot to kill, I shoot to kill me a trick
Run your fucking mouth? Take care your business bitch!

[Hook: DJ Paul]

[Verse 2: Lord Infamous]
My name is the Scarecrow, fresh out the crazy house
Black Glock, black Kakhi, smoked out, lights out
Nigga it's the cell block makin' me keep the nina cocked
Why do I keep the assassin mentality
Havin' me make all these bodies drop
From fuckin' the shit up all over again
Better come fill my prescription
The murderous shit I be doin'
It's just an effect when I'm takin' my medicine
Oh my mind is out there, mane it's like distant
I pick up a pack of the ammo and start
Killa Man is my assistance
Mystic Stylez of the ancient mutilations
Torture chambers filled with corpses in my basement
When you decide to fuck up, nigga you better learn this
I'm crematin' motherfuckers down in my furnace
Triple 6 Mafia, that's the click I'm down for
Boomin' these hard gangsta tapes in the M-Town hoe
(?) motherfuckers so when you hear the sound click
Better duck down trick, take care yo business

[Hook: DJ Paul]

[Outro: KRS One samples]