[Hook: C-Mob]
The devil made me do it, I can't stop what he's telling me
He sits on my shoulder and he sings a wicked melody
Unleashing the hell in me and demons that dwell in me
Now I'm doin' shit considered way worse than a felony
(The devil made me do it, the devil made me do it)

[Verse 1: C-Mob]
I'm facin' the confrontation, I'm tryin' to stay level-headed
The voice told me: "Kill 'em!", it sounded just like the Devil said it
My vision got blurry, my mind felt clotted and drug
Then I woke up and I realized that I was covered in blood
Now what could had happen, all I remember is I was about to be (?) snappin'
All of a sudden I look up and see the bloody aftermath of a .45 clappin'
I must have blacked out, then jabbed out and show no mercy when attackin'
I gotta smash out, hit the background and get rid of the pistol I'm packin'
I gotta go somewhere, so I can figure out what's goin' on up inside of my head
And (?) pissed I black out and then when I wake up see everyone violently dead
And then I heard a voice "I got you doing my bidding"
But do I have a choice? "Not if you wanna be living
I'm the devil on your shoulder that'll tell you time for attack
If you don't listen I'mma rip yo spine out yo back"
Fuck it, ain't no point in fightin', I'mma murder willingly
Leavin' enemies frighten, time for a killing spree

[Hook: C-Mob]

[Verse 2: II Tone]
I'm hearin' voices in my head, got me thinkin' "What the fuck?"
Should I pop some pills to calm my nerves or lay back in the cut
Angels cryin', demons speakin', my confessions I can't choose
Heaven sent - hell bound, new direction in the noose
Satan child, Devil's son, tryin' to lead me to the path
I don't get it in and always win, a nigga do the math
I stay upped on that powder in a world like Marilyn Manson
Where they cook the angel wing, naked hoes table dancin'
Now it's on, no more questions, pick your place out in a dirt
Had to look up just to see hell so my feelings they don't hurt
Armageddon motherfucker, leave a scar across yo face
It's the mark of the beast, Uncle Louis on the case
Snakes slither on yo body and the maggots on your flesh
If yo body start to smell pour some acid 'cross his chest
I'm insane in the brain or whatever you wanna call it
Cause I'm higher than a motherfucker, drunk as alcoholic

[Hook: C-Mob]

[Verse 3: Lord Infamous]
Satan talk to the Lord Infamous, askin' me to gather souls or remain a slave
But if I commit all these crimes against God my soul will be damned in the Lucifer faith
He told me the after life restin', my head's contemplatin' the fact though I'm really not sure
He must give me the prophecy to document demonic literature
But all the biblical (?) sayin' that Satan that's an (?)
But Satan ... makin' these scripts ... truth
You wanna be one of my generals at the apocalypse when I am king
But I cannot be Lord of this ... dreams and power it bring
It's not very (?), it's like I'm in a tug of war between angels and demons
And all the things I butchered for I want for the wrong reasons
Infamous you have a gift, there are many who follow you through the gates
And problem with enslavement is the gate, heaven or hades?
Knows my mind to test ... to do wrong
Know I rap against the Crucifix in most of my songs
I'm not blamin' it on Satan cause my mind is strong
Cause the Devil didn't made me do it; did it on my own

[Hook: C-Mob]