[Intro]
Yeah, Lord Infamous
The Scarecrow
Black Rain Entertainment
(?) House Productions
The Roll Song
I'm back trick, Bino, drop it

[Hook] 2x
Let me get your number and put mines in your phone
Call me when you leave the club as soon as you get home
We can be together, you don't have to be alone
Pop some triple stacks and have a party of our own

[Verse 1]
If you were right here by my side you're like a (?) cherry (?)
Right now I need somebody else cause I'm about to rape myself
'bout to spit some freaky facts
The same time freak this kinky track
You can lick up on this mack before I hit you from the back
Popped the Roll I'm 'bout to overload a little horny (?)
Once I get up in this mode I need your help, make me explode
Seen lots of exotic women, I been all around the globe
And I know there's something 'bout you
From your head down to your toes
No Scarecrow is not a gentleman, I won't bring you no rose
But I bring you something you can smoke or put up in your nose
We can play Kentucky Derby, take me fast I won't say no
Like a lady in the street, but in the bed I like a hoe
I'm a maniac on niggas females, never (?)
Catchin' erections back to back
Break your back as I'm about to (?)
Every now and then my lustful sin is prowling for some prey
Cause I'm a beast between them sheets, my mental game makes them obey

[Hook] 2x

[Verse 2]
Soon as I came into the door she tried to sexually abuse me
She said she just took two of them damn Mitsubishis
The other one can't stop the touching and the rubbing
Say what you on, she said: "One of them Teletubbies"
I told this broad: "After tonight we could never be friends"
Cause we will lit off of them damn Mercedes Benz
We took the the double treat ... got (?)
She must have witnessed Scarecrow on the damn (?)
This one hit must have lick me like a cane bitch
Say what you took, she said: "The damn star of David"
This one broad, I kept on flippin' her like a spatula
Yes once again I'm on a triple stack Acura
This one freak was in the grass in a bikini
The L-O-R-D represent an Lamborghini
After this track I got a purple (?) double stack
Called up this black thing and whacked the ass from the (?)

[Hook] 2x

[Verse 3]
I'm knowin' you bitches be thinkin'
The Scarecrow will break you in half
When I'm beatin' you like a beast
I'm folding you into positions
You never ...
Bitch come and get with ...
... get on the dick
Not my first (?) rap (?) can you dig this (?)
Need a bottle of OJ when I go OJ on this (?) booty
Vitamin C and an OC makes it OV ...
Once I get you out the draws I need a broad on camera
Thought I was goin' to damage her when I was on the Acura
Eyes kept on rollin', she was sweatin' like a slave
Told her I will give no head if she do not behave
Have you hit a capsel of that pure MSDA?
After one I promise mane you dick her to her grave
If it were ...
Fuck around and split her in half and catch you (?)
Everybody out of control, they gone up off a roll
Take her somewhere mane and you just go up in a hoe

[Hook] 2x