[Hook: Slim Money]
Put it on the scale then make it read exact
Put it in a bag then there go yo sack
We be countin' up the money, we be countin' to the max
Niggas say they're onehunnid while they lyin' on they tracks
I'm Thraxed out (Thrax, Thrax, Thrax)
I'm Thraxed out (Thrax, Thrax, Thrax)
I'm Thraxed out (Thrax, Thrax, Thrax)
I'm Thraxed out (Thrax, Thrax, Thrax, Thrax, Thrax, Thrax)

[Verse 1: Slim Money]
Early bird get the fishes, (?) make you clean the dishes
Shawty givin' head and she said "Mane this shit delicious"
No saint cuz I know I ain't no angel
In the streets all night, my life being all danger
But if a pussy play shoot him down - Danny Granger
Make you a sacrifice, like the baby in the manger
Real recognize real, then why you lookin' like a stranger?
Yellin' "fuck life" (?) real middle fingers
I ain't gotta fake, cause this is how I live it
If I ain't gotta watch me, go - get it
Real hustlers hustle till da full moon
Catch me grindin' like a neptune
Land of da lost (?) take me
Money over everything and this is skinny nigga movement
Pass the chick around like a (?), I'm thraxed out
Pockets on stupid, we countin' up them (?)
Got them fiends hooked, they on heroin, heroin

[Hook: Slim Money]

[Verse 2: Lord Infamous]
I got a full time (?) grind pumpin' iron crime
Supersoakin' niggas, no remorse, no fear of dyin'
Nigga death approachin', there's no fear, my blood is cold
Punch your lungs, collapse 'em, make you empty out your soul
This is to you nine estates of gangsters, my cocaine cartel
Hit them lines from here to hell, my yard has a dead body smell
I'll take you to a place where the criminal (?) loves to linger
And I execute when I get this Thrax upon on my finger

[Verse 3: Mac Montese]
Yeah you know I'm sacked out, macked out, Thraxed out
Keepin' nothing but that strong or make ya blow yo back out
Drop it on the scale and weigh it up to make sure that it's right
I bet you comin' right back like them junkies fiendin' for that white
We always got that loud pack, original, no mild sack
The best is what we smokin', think I'm jokin'? Then come try it
"Thrax" is what we call it, no stallin', keep on ballin'
The best don't settle for less that's why these niggas steady callin'

[Hook: Slim Money]

[Verse 4: Slim Money]
Niggas smokin' they garbage, just watch the trash pile
Fiends goin' crazy for the Thrax - X-Files
Lawyer filed my cases, I ain't gotta show up at the trial
Movin' nothin' but the old, like that's my favorite (?)
Got a chopper just in case you suckers wanna get foul
Up like a early bird, don't go to sleep - night owl
This my american journey, call me Colin Powell
These niggas ain't real, but they still (?)
Wake up but the Thrax put me back to sleep
Shawty (?) in bed, she so fatigued
Get on that Thrax, make her pussy be depleted
Undefeated like he got game with the heat
Smoke a spliff, with a fifth, take a lift
Stack my chips, goin' outta state just to make them trips
Shawty got alotta head, but she got no common sense
Niggas try to blow my high, I put up my air defense
Purple Rain in my cup, now call me Prince