[Hook] 3x
Move the trigger back
Move the trigger back
Move the trigger back
(Get yo body snatched)

Pull it back, pull it back
Pull it back, pull it back
(Yeah, get yo body snatched)

[Verse 1: Lord Infamous]
BLAY!
Scarecrow the deadliest (?) predator
Bullets will crash in the cantaloupe
When the ... punishment there is no hope
And my nigga yo death was the antidote
Kill 'em on row, killin' 'em right away
Filling your cap with decay
Blow 'em away, Infamous gettin' ridiculous
With a damn butcher knife blade
Bitch don't play ... today
You better get out of my face
What you say?
Don't fuck around and get yo little weak ass caught
Make 'em have to come and trace yo body
With some fucking chalk
Spill yo motherfuckin' thoughts on the goddamn sidewalk
All them niggas that you got
And all them guns that you brought
Cock back the hammer and pop it at random
I'm crashin' the head in with the cannon
Fuck niggas I can't stand 'em
...
Don't get yo soft ass whacked
When Infamous pull that trigger back
I beat yo head in flecks, snortin' on a railroad track
Havin' a cocaine heartattack, dilated cardiac
Scarecrow, many gun mags, mutilatin' maniac
Trick don't fuck around get yo damn body snatched

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Kingpin Skinny Pimp]
North Memphis, South Memphis, Westwood, Orange Mound
West Memhpis, East Memphis, dopeboys all around
Wanna get served by the motherfucking bird mane
Cocaine cowboys leavin' nothing but blood stains
Working ass niggas (?) yo money like a (?) hustler
Knowin' all the time he ain't shit but a undercover
Don't you know the streets talk? Some say that I'm the mane
I don't need that title, I just (?) the money, fuck the fame
I work so smart and not so hard like a natural born genius
And if I send some killers at yo (?) niggas be gigglish
And if you knock up on my door make sure that you call me first
Cause most of da time we count up money
With niggas that look like Lurch
From the (?) ain't gon' make us shit cause this the truth
I can make a gangsta-horrormovie 'bout the shit we do
Niggas call me first penitentiary almost every other day
Ain't no mistake (?) when I do this shit my way, hide yo face

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Dirty White]