[Hook] 4x
We represent everywhere we go
We sip syrup, we talk slow
Don't be scared to pop that roll
Sip purple drank mane, twist that dro

[Verse 1: Indo G]
I'mma hit 'em with a T.K.O, straight thug to the core
If you didn't know, nigga now ya know
I'm a bonafide S.L.A.B rider thrown
(?) 44 (?) break 'em down (?)
Got a sticky, got the purple, got the kush
Straight presidential shit, nigga George Bush
Tryin' to hold a big bunch of 'caine like wine
Sip it and choke it, I bet yo ass gon' die
Ride, get high til the sun gon' rise
Higher than a motherfucker, see it in my eyes
See I be (?) I'mma never detox
I'mma pop plenty pills, stay dodgin' the cops
Mobbin' the block, coppin' the Glock non-stop
I'm a bad motherfucker, put the tick in the tock
Put the ying in the yang, I'm a king you a lame
Smokin' nothin' but the fire, this yo boy, yo highness

[Verse 2: Lord Infamous]
I'm full of the opiates, most they can't cope with this
China white heroin and OG's the potentest
Put Promethazine and codeine on the blunt leaf
I fill it with OG and then I start smokin' it
Scarecrow ... so potent as a missile
Don't you come too close when I am spooked and got that pistol

[Hook] 2x

[Verse 3: C-Rock]

[Verse 4: Lil Jack]
Any nigga wanna battle with Jack
The 12 gauge gon' rattle they back
I hit 'em hard, creep up on 'em in the dark
Nigga slaughter competition, that's my hobby and job
So roll up another one, throw up another one
I'm so slum and my gums are numb
Got me sniffin' on a line but (?) my (?)
Slow-motion comin' out of her (?)
Drainin', sippin', sippin' uhh
Better leave me alone, I'm goin' off in a zone
Got dro by the zone, blow by the zone
Enter off in his home, knock off his dome
Gone-gone-gone off a fifth of Patrón
...
We represent where them killers be wildin'
In the club mean mug, fuck smilin'
We represent where them killers be wildin'

[Hook] 4x

[Verse 5: Lil Sko]
It's whatever, whatever, but me
Sko representin' Memphis Ten-a-key
When it comes to the lean, when it come to hustlin'
That boy, that girl, keep alotta things real green
You know what I mean, I done did me a line, feelin' fine, gotta dine
Wanna see a nigga shine, she'll help a nigga grind
On the forreal she'll sell her pills
A (?) leather bitch that'll shoot to steal
She'll be catch some cases, from the 702 to the 901
Ride high on the highways ...
When she's only comin' to Memphis to have fun
She say (?) fool 'bout my (?) talk
She love my swagger, love my walk
The type of little bitch that'll couple the Sko
One hood represent everywhere we go

[Verse 6: Yung Koke]

[Hook] 2x