[DJ Paul talking]
Yeah this yo boy (DJ Paul KOM)
Don't let these big bank accounts fool ya, nigga
It's gangsta on me nigga, for real

[Hook: DJ Paul] 2x
You don't want it, you don't want it, uh uh
You don't want it, you don't want it, uh uh
Nigga I go haaard
Nigga I go haaard

[Verse 1: DJ Paul]
A trick go hard, a trick go home
You fuckin' with a man, not a boy, full grown
And if you think I hate ya lil homie, you thinkin' wrong
But I'ma tell you the truth, this shit here what you want
This shit here nigga, this shit here nigga
Have you hangin' off a (?) nigga
Go and hide and we do that period nigga
You got that hater's disease, I got the cure nigga
A quad (?) and some (?) when ya hear nigga *POW POW POW*
Yeah I think I got 'em on the run right now
Better throw (?) towel
Or better yet sucker (?) in ya whole house
I ... one more gold in my mouth BASTARD

Yeah nigga, you know how it is
DJ motherfuckin' Paul KOM the real nigga...

[Hook: DJ Paul] 2x
You don't want it, you don't want it, uh uh
You don't want it, you don't want it, uh uh
Nigga I go haaard, nigga I go haaard

[DJ Paul talking]
Yeah, motherfuckers, it's the return of the gangsta
My brother Lord Infamous back in this bitch

[Verse 2: Lord Infamous]
Satan is gonna be down there somewhere
Havin' a sip of (?) gallon of beer
...
Bodies and brains and blood everywhere
Bitch you don't wanna get changled
Beat up and bloody and mangled
Heavin' you up with the sangle
Havin' you lay there and tangle
Cranium crippled and dangled
(?) jaw jacked and jangled
Peelin' yo fuckin' mango, makin' you grab yo ankle
Fuckin' you up at an angle, prayin' to the angels
Jesus, Mary, Joseph see you soon, I'm drinkin' draino
Resistence is futile, Situation kinda crucial
Scarecrow I'm breakin' the skin and the souls of men
I'm goin' kinda hard now
Hit a line of powder POW! Smile down turn to frown
I'ma start seepin' now, Carbine got 'em leakin' out
Plasma, the ligament detacher, Rowdy body snatcher
The menacing multiple mutilations that I mastered
BLAY!

[Hook: DJ Paul] 2x
You don't want it, you don't want it, uh uh
You don't want it, you don't want it, uh uh
Nigga I go haaard
Nigga I go haaard