[Intro: D.I.G. (Master P)]
This for the motherfuckin haters, ya heard me?
Who always told me we was never gon' amount to shit
I got somethin for that ass, ya heard me?
Fuck y'all, I'm on my way to the top nigga
(Nigga No Limit ain't hard to find, ya heard me?
Ain't nuttin changed but our bank account
Hah hahhhh..)

[Chorus: D.I.G. (repeat 2X)]
This is for them niggas want war - who underestimated
Never thought that we would make it this far
Yo this is for them thug niggas
Yo this is for them bud hitters, and them motherfuckin drug dealers

[D.I.G]
Whassup nigga?  How's life been treatin you?
Remember me?  I'm the nigga used to hang in your crew
The one you used to hate, used to knock and laugh in my face
And always said in rappin I don't have what it take
But look at me now, puttin the rap game on lock
Yeah nigga it's me, the same nigga off the block
Don't trip, I'm just here to let you know what's goin on
And that life is good for a nigga who started small
But it's funny how I'm lovin the money as it keeps comin
I remember y'all sayin I wasn't gon' amount to nuttin
So stop stuntin, cause I ain't with that huntin and frontin
I'm the same ol' nigga, still thuggin

[Chorus]

[Master P]
How ya like me now thugs I made it out the brick
Member I was broke nigga, picture me rich
Still hangin with my soldiers, still blowin doja
We MADE MEN but still knock some haters off the shoulder
You can +Hate Me Now+ I did a song with Nas
A couple of niggas came up when I fuckin retired
But I'm back nigga, and you know I'm the best
Cause I can walk through rain and - don't get wet
Y'all phony niggas try to look like us and try to be me
Nigga talk shit when I ain't around fool HOLLA WHEN YOU SEE ME
Y'all little soldiers just be yourself niggas, fuck stuntin
If you ain't gotta go get it never put bitches over money

[Chorus]

[Mr. Magic]
I told you motherfuckers I was sick of this shit
I'm comin up - I know you bought "Thuggin" bitch
I got a lotta niggas scared in this game
You got the right to fear me - cause I'm comin for your fame
I used to BEG you niggas, man give me a verse
Now you got the dick look because the shit done reversed
Now I'm the fuckin star, I know you hear my anger
You don't wanna go to war with this 9th Ward strangler
Motherfuckers left me on the corner for the dead
I wouldn't help you cocksuckers if you gave me some head
What goes around comes around motherfucker
If you want me come and get me FEEL THE WRATH of my blaka blaka

[Chorus]