Hook
Hey Dejay play that song is a party up in here we don't want go home 4X
Chorus
Wow now i see want u doing, i like how twanking baby keeping on moving like..yea lets get da party cracking this no limit soldiers came to make happen right..2X
Verse1
We pop bottles when we party ya'll and we live everyday like is no tomorrow. pockets in the club 'bout thirty deep and we parking lot pimping when is time to creep. pockets all sowen but no im no stunter. we do it big, put thirty on the hummer. your chick chose me, call me the plumber slip me the number got the beef, im drama. show me wat u working wit it, take it to the floor. i ain't Lil John but u can get low. From the club, we can work to the car. u stil thirsty we can take it to the bar.go drop it like hot, take u to the spo. u wit the homie shwaty shake wat u got. these thugs having beef in the club the new no limit nigga we don't give a f*ck
Chours
Wow now i see want u doing, i like how twanking baby keeping on moving like..yea lets get da party cracking this no limit soldiers came to make happen right..2X
Verse 2
Phantom blue, P.Miller shoes, hat twisted gold teeth tatottoes. we pack heats cuz these streets are real. cops pull us over for them spinning wheels
Verse 3
Okay the party don't stop, yea the new no limit mami we all so hot. drinks on me and i buy another bar. wait a minute we can leave start driving in my car
Verse 4
Your girlfriend cute but u right there, i like how u do that there. shawty wanna ride hang wit a thug. why just slip in the back of the club
Verse 5
Yea my peeps don came in, the burner by side yea the heat don came in
Verse 6
Calliope project dem boys is rowdying ghetto bill new no limit man we 'bout the balling
Chorus
Wow now i see want u doing, i like how twanking baby keeping on moving like..yea lets get da party cracking this no limit soldiers came to make happen right..2X
Verse 7
Look i ain't got tell that much cuz u know Shocker then she already know wat's up. like a blind person shawty u got to feel me stop playing wit these lil boyz get wit some real g's. while they trying to half shit on a sack me and P balling hat on sack. treat girls like corn rows dey go str8 to the back now after im don i go str8 to the lex
Verse 8
Im da lil homie from the West side eyes wide man P got me rolling Bently controlling. find us in the VIP we do it big in the 213 and the flows got hop and theem girs go pop. if it wasn't for the soldiers i still be on the block. like damn my rowdy haters and i row with a bunch of thugs in rowdy figures
Chorus
Wow now i see want u doing, i like how twanking baby keeping on moving like..yea lets get da party cracking this no limit soldiers came to make happen right..2X