[Master P]
(So what do you call yourself?)
The Ice Cream Man
(So what do you call yourself?)
The Ice Cream Man
(So what do you call yourself?)
Mr. Ice Cream Man
I'm a No Limit Soldier
(So what do you call yourself?)
You ready to go to war?
(So what do you call yourself?)
Master P
It's time to blow on your Swisher Sweet, get high, 'cause it's time to roll
Take y'all on an adventure
And if you 'bout it, you gon' last through this Ice Cream Man album
'Cause I got 31 flavors
Niggas kickin' gangsta shit, project shit, flippin' shit
Tongue twistin', slow gangsta shit, but it's all real, it's all reality
And if you real, you gon' feel this shit
And if you a busta, you gon' be hip-hoppin' it out 'cause this ain't no Sugarhill
'Cause we got straight A-1 sauce for the 9-scrilla
I mean, the 9-scrilla is the year that we take over, the underdogs
The cream rise to the top, you heard me?
Yeah
A lot of niggas take this rap shit for a muthafuckin' game, think it's a joke
This ain't no joke, this the way I make my money
It's where a lot of other niggas make their money
It's the way a white man make his money, if he own you, I mean, if he run your company
But ain't nobody run me, 'cause No Limit is Black owned, independent, and we running this shit
So I can talk about what the fuck I wanna talk about, you heard me?
If niggas wanna jump into this rap game 'cause they think this shit a game, think they can rap
It ain't about rap, it's about how you organize your shit and you get your shit together
This rap game is just like the dope game, you know what I'm saying
Niggas dying, like my little nigga Mr. Cee from RBL, rest in peace
Niggas getting shot like 2Pac, niggas bangin'
It's a East/West thing, you know what I'm saying
Niggas might as well be fucking turf war and all that type of shit
You got niggas trippin', niggas hatin'
But you know what? In the end, the cream do rise to the top
That's why No Limit can't be stopped, we soldiers
My nigga King George is no longer with the crew, we still got love for him
For the haters out there, y'all niggas that think I owe y'all something
Haha, need to stop tweaking 'cause dope fiends beg
If you was a real man, you'd be a player, you'd have your own shit
Remember that
But anyway, haha, just light your joints and let's get high
'Cause you got to be high to listen to this Ice Cream Man shit
Ice Cream Man