[Intro]
Yeeeeees man! But I'm not a yes man. It goes down. For the umpteenth time. Acey de uno on deck. Aceyalone in the place to be. Aceone in the house
"We came to rock"
Bar Nine is on the mixture. And that's how we do it. Moving your fixture. What's up to all the Project Blow'dians. Y'all know what the code is to ride chaos to order. Every Thursday night at 343 Lemerk, we gets down. But check it out. Now, I'm sending this one out to all of the ye-ye's across the world. Ha. Y'all know who you are. And all the nobodies. Once again. Y'all know who y'all are. And um, all the outsiders. Sincerely from Mr. Outsider himself, you know what I'm saying? And all the smart people. This goes out to y'all. True. Check it out. What's up Jup'?

[Hook]
Now I know you don't wanna be no waterboy forever
Never, seeing the field, thinking you got it together
Playing foosball in the street
Oh it's your game but it's they concrete
And it's my ball and it's my treat
Oh it's your world but it's my heat

[Verse One]
And I live in a hellhole in the wall and I'll never see the light of day
So subliminals controlling all of y'all but it won't take mine's away
What is that instinct?
I react before I think and it make that thought complete
Tell it to the weak
Smell before you leap
Listen here, many moons ago my seed planted in the minds to feed
Yes indeed I cut I bleed, I'm sweating tears until I'm free
My sector the 213
My protector the E.Y.E
Just soak it in like Mother Earth, does birth
Cause once that jewel is just a cesspool for food
True
Well here's another chapter to that never ending capture
Grabbed ya, I tapped your mental
And stroked your mind so gentle
I'm an oddball from the stars and I rhyme irregular
But I'm smart
And I know exactly who I are
Yes, sick of turning unicycles into car
Soon as I get a little bit of it in my jar
Now I know you don't wanna be a waterboy for life
Or even the water man with the melon in the myth
Just put your ear to the glass and I'm telling you to split
This the story of a gambling man who never passed a [?]
Got me upset
Trying to tell me water ain't wet

[Hook]

[Verse Two]
"Now life ain't fair" Owl said, but who really cares?
I know some people that's over here but they wanna be over there
While there's some real cool cats
But, yeah they wanna be bears
And when I see them chasing chicken I get heated like a flare
Well your face looks scared and your space suit got a tear
You're a square
And I'm beyond compare and I'm rare
Yeah and I'm sick of turning apples into pears
Soon as I get a little bit of it I'mma share
Some people need a lifetime to say what they say
All I need is my mic line and a minute to play
Oh I get in it and sway
If I may I'll show you the way
I'll mold and shape the clay to make a better day
Now I am the epitome of the remedies that you meet
I'll back 'em up in a corner and crack 'em when I'm key
Or I see the seed gon' grow (so?)
But it still need H2O
I got people out in every state saying "Acey I hate your flow"
Cause when I echo
I love to see the whole crowd sekkle
I get ya like the ginny got the jackal
And if any wanna cackle
I break out my shackle and I shackle up your feet
I beat 'em to the baseline and tackle 'em on beat
Now I'm the missing piece to the puzzle
I'm the answer to all your prayers
Made a mountain out of a molehill, not to mention I built the stairs
Yeah and I'm sick of turning apples into pears
Soon as I get a little bit of it I'mma share

[Hook]