[Intro: Abstract Rude]
Uh. Get out your linoleum. Where's your Krylon? DJ's break out them special needles. MC's. B-boys. Run to your tablets. B-Girls. Keep making them beats. Using them 4-tracks. Home made popper, stoppers and A-Dats. It don't stop!

[Verse 1: Abstract Rude]
Brought to you by the kick, snare hats for break beats
Level in the red cause 808 bass peaks
We like a junkie on them 1200 Techniques
We hit hard to knock a hip hopper to next week
I'm what's new on the street, fresh meat
While most out of reach, sniff snow and tweak
They stole a key to the patent office to get my recipe
But did a piss poor job like imitation Elvis Presley
They blew you up in lights, blew up Snipes like Wesley
Don't think for one second truth won't manifest destiny westwardly
For all of you Desperately Seeking Susan MC's
Cruising for a brusing, battle losing
Report to C.V.E. for special schooling
And bump my new CD, I'll give you the wax for record pooling
You'll like break beats and beating on the walls in the bathroom
We B-Boys, B-Boy forever

[Hook: Aceyalone] {x2}
Cause we like break beats and breaking on the walls in bathrooms
Break beats, and beating on the walls in bathrooms
Break beats, and beating on the walls in bathrooms
The B-Boy, B-Boy forever

[Verse 2: Abstract Rude]
I'm a B-Boy
And they call him 'Stract
Now where the B-Girls?
Fat laces and all that
The kick, snare, hat is the basis of all rap
And break beats
808 bass peaks
An addiction to rocking and yelling "Mass Men"
Like the fix in your syringe
Bound to hit you in the end
Let's say I'm a mic hog
From Mic-A-Holics Anonymous
Your style is still monotonous to all of us
Name calling while freestyling is so obvious
You should be cautious
I'll make rappers, sick nauseous and sweaty palms
DK, A. Walerus and Eddie Alone
M. Nine, [?] first born
Already it's on
Rhyme dope whether paid or the fetti is gone
If I want a title not a defender can stop me
I'm down with Phoenix Orion, [?], anunnaki, Zulu Irie
Backed by the elephant track then a diary of diskets
A-Dats, cassettes, etched in stone tablets
Where scholars compare texts
We're clever
B-Boys and B-Girls forever

[Hook: Aceyalone]

[Verse 3: Abstract Rude]
Sucker DJ's be ego tripping
Yeah you cutting but your needle's skipping
Do wack MC's make people listen?
Nah, way too bitchy their mannerisms
The young guns always trying to test the O
For us the west was won at the Good Life, Project Blowed
Sound clash like a J.A. [?]
Underground, we in L.A., hip hop culture
No matter where we on the charts, stay true to the art
Whether major or independent, know hip hop's commandments
Thou shall not sign unless they really behind you
Stressed is where we gon' find you
Let's track, rewind you
A fresh, def, dope [?]
Break dance
Tribe Unique, the style elements make hands
Clap, the boom bap say "yes y'all"
Rock on steady and L.A. breakers in the west y'all
Hip hop they used to do it out in the park
Let's come together, continental B-Boys forever

[Hook]