(feat. Aceyalone, Self Jupiter, P.E.A.C.E.)

[spoken]
In the tradition of the inner city griots we are...
We take though a journey through a story
To a place and a time
In a small town
But as you listen you're to pay no mind to the small town
And the time and the place
A place where the moon and the sun does as it pleases
A place where everybody knows everybody else's business
A place that basically could be anywhere
Listen...

Check it out...

[Self Jupiter]
When the sun took a day off and the moon stood still
The only light that was in sight was the one just past that ol' onion field
If you look from where I'm standing you'll see that old scarecrow
They say if you look too long he might jump off that wooden bow
But between you and me I think that's a bunch of 'hey, you know'
Some even believe he's responsible for the death of Old Man Dan
They found him without his thinking cap with straw in his hand
And the strangest thing about it's that they never found his head
They never found his head
They never found his head
God dammit they never found Old Man Dan's head...

[Aceyalone]
And they'll never find it
'cause I took it
Nah, didn't go like that at all
See I just hid it and his eye was crooked and I wanted his eyeball
And things got out of hand
And Old Man Dan had to die
Because of that eye
I can tell you ya, them scarecrow stories are lies
But I did hear
When the moon was full and the sun's about to rise
People walking by thinking about that head at the crack of dawn they cry

[Acey & Jupiter]
And the sun took a day off and the moon stood still
Around my part of town the moon got a frown 'cause he can see it all from the top
And the sun took a day off and the moon stood still
Around my part of town the sun be clown'
And the sun took a day off and the moon stood still
Around my part of town the stars come to work all drunk
And the sun took a day off and the moon stood still
Around my part of town the moon got a frown 'cause he can see it all from the top

[Acey]
In the small town of 1500, haunted houses on every corner
Lived the oldest lady in the world, a loner
Ms. Desmona
Loraine Cortez
From Barcelona, Spain, says
She came to reclaim her family's name and put her soul to rest, yes
On sacred ground
Her family owned this town
And the people in it, too
But I was just passing through
She said 'people around here believe in voodoo
Witchcraft, taboo'
It was kinda hard for me to take this all for true
But she did say that when a stranger comes to town this is what they'll do
First they'll stone you
And when you come to
Then they'll own you
There's no one to run to
When the sun takes a day off and the moon stands still

[P.E.A.C.E.]
Well, this is what I heard
The sun blew a fuse and the moon had stood in loom
The morning came with rain and with the wetness
Then the evening sang
The birds ???
And stayed thought the noon
A piano plays a tune in which a woman's voice softly croons
Adamantly
She yells uncharacteristically 'dance with me you fool'
Well not only was I introduced
But apparently being seduced
But by who?
The namesake
Let's just call the mysterious lady in maroon
??? Cancun
With the things in my ear
That make the flesh of a grown man's hand move
Suspenseful hypnotic
Neither erotic nor exotic
But psychotic, in a sense
For instance, she made reference to actually raising the dead
In a sentence she once said with dread

And the sun took a day off and the moon stood still
Around my part of town the moon be locked in his room doin' 'shrooms
And the sun took a day off and the moon stood still
Around my part of town the moon be in a hot air balloon to the moon
And the sun took a day off and the moon stood still
Around my part of town the moon just be faded ???
And the sun took a day off and the moon stood still
Around my part of town the moon got a frown 'cause he can see it all from the top
And sometimes he'll stop
And look out with a star gaze
Sometimes he'll cover his face and he won't be seen for days
The sun had took a day off and the moon stood still
The sun had took a day off and the moon stood still
For real

[talking]
Woman: 'Hey Baby, come here, look at the sun, I mean, look at the moon, I
Ain't never seen them out at the same time. Baby, tha-that's pretty'
Mr. T: 'Oh girl, come on in here, you don't want look at the sky line out
There, come on, come on it's been dark for a whole day, come on, the sun
Ain't gonna come out, come on in here, you're lettin' all the heat out...