[Intro: Jewell]
OFTB...
Tell 'em check, tell 'em check, check them hood...
Flipside...
Bust Stop...
Low M.B....
Yeaa!

[Verse 1: Flipside]
Life goes on, Watts is the land  I roam
The homies that been around know that flip can hold his on
I've been watching niggas go in all my bang life
And I ain't letting now the bustas take now stripes, Cali got, palm trees
I'm slangin' to my bigger homies taught me well, to serve my enemies
They heard I now making a end
They in the pen & I never been
For years they been bailing with those red shoelaces
Shackle'd up,going to court,fighting cases
Now, I, see myself following in the same situation
Gotta keep moving is my daily operation
In so deep, that on my feet I gotta sleep
Cause theres homies in my hood tryna kill me
The way its going down, is like a many movie
Picture this presentation, homies against homie

[Chorus: Jewell]
Check yo hood, before it goes under...
Tight up your game, nobody's gettin' younger
Check yo hood, before it goes under...
Tight up your game, nobody's gettin' younger
Don't touch your own, we betta stop fighting
Cause is too many peoples black dying
Tell 'em check, check them hood...

[Verse 2: Bust Stop]
The niggas and Gods never be in a safe place
My whole homies now point guns in each others faces
And now the projects turns into warzone
I guess only rule now, the it's on
That's why I had to flip script and roll with Death Row (Death Row...)
I got love for the hood, but they don't hear me though
I see my homies going to jail, I watch few die
I watch my back in the hood, but don't know quite why
I guess cause is 1996, and no mo' toe-to-toe
You put hands on me, and homie you gotta go
"The hood is so good", you let the others brothers tellin' (Well, well, well, well...)
But when come inside, I guess homies gonna got skanless
I wonder if is the one reasons for this brothers try test me
You gotta problem with up, and come with treats me
Now is wasn't take hard look around the projects...
I see no love, no loyalty or respect...

[Chorus: Jewell]
Check yo hood, before goes under...
Tight up your game, nobody's gettin' younger
Check yo hood, before goes under...
Tight up your game, nobody's gettin' younger
Don't touch around, we betta stop fighting
Too many black dying
Tell 'em check, check them hood...

[Verse 3: Low M.B.]
Check my hood, a lot homies goin' under
The cold thang, is nobody gettin' younger
If I go get son, damn, is better I gettin' now
Is time to take a chance, I try way around
A close mouth, and never I gonna get you fear
Say what you wanna do, fool, let's don't be scared
Cause I'ma do what I gotta do to get mine
My enemies necessary I commit a crime
And that's the way, that's the way I gotta get it
??, punk, so you know I with it
Jealousy gotta this fool's, wanna do me?
I gotta love for my homie, but he don't love me
I pray to God, and hope not be the next victim
Cause I'm studio straight to projects (Well, well, well, well...)
I guess the true in my hood never play out
I'm stay true to this rap for my way out...

[Chorus: Jewell]
Check yo hood, before goes under...
Tight up your game, nobody's gettin' younger
Check yo hood, before goes under...
Tight up your game, nobody's gettin' younger
Don't touch around, we betta stop fighting
Too many black dying
Don't touch around, tell 'em check, check them hood...
Don't touch around, tell 'em check, check them hood...

[Ending: Jewell]
OFTB, uh
OFTB is tha house
Death Row is tha house
Death Row, yeah
The projects is tha house
Mobbin', steady mobbin'
We can help in this streets, having teacher for these's G's
We can help in this streets, having teacher for these's G's
We don't know another way to be, the OFTB
We don't know another way to be, the OFTB
Death Row, OFTB
Death Row, is place to be