[Dr. Dre]
This is dedicated to the niggas that was down from day one
Welcome to Death Row

[Chorus: Jewell]
People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row... (Death Row)
People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row... (Don't you know....)
People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row... (Death Row)
People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row...

[Verse 1: Danny Boy]
Now my people in the ghetto
I think it's about time, a new breed has arrived
So please get your groove on
And to all that's against us, we really ain't offensive
You ought to be sanctified
If you know what I know about the people stranded on Death Row
You might wanna ride

[Chorus: Jewell]
People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row... (Rock on)
People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row... (Brothers and sisters...)
People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row... (People on Death Row) (Rock on)
People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row... (Uhhh hooooee)

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Don't never underestimate the power of brothers
Convicted fellons and gangbangers from outta the gutter
We saw our chance, so we crept slow
Me and Danny Boy stranded on Death Row, for real though
Money makin', allergic to playa haters and cowards fakin'
Tricks come and get their pictures taken (Death Row)
There ain't nuthin' left to say but brother pray
Try to keep ya head up and look for better days
On Death Row..

[Chorus: Jewell]
People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row... (That's right... y'all know what time it is..hehehe)
People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row... (yeah, yeah... this one's for the og's, all the hardheads, the knuckleheads,)
People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row... (the squares, the g's, the gangsters, the thugs)
People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row... (the ones that wants to go to church, the ones that wants to go to jail, you know what time it is)

[Interlude: 2Pac]
Just throw ya hands up and feel good with this one right here
This' your boy 'Pac, spittin' out for my homeboy Danny Boy
Let y'all know what time is it here on Death Row
We stranded but we lovin', can't understand it
Y'all need to peep how we rollin'
It ain't nothing wrong, can you see it, baby?
Can you picture me rollin' on this old Death Row track?
Can you see it? haha...
On Death Row
Ayo Danny Boy, you know you're finna go platinum and plus boy
You better keep hittin' em with that smoking heat, hehehe
I see you on tour big baby
You know what room I'm in man
I'm out

[Danny Boy]
Danny Row is in the air
Yeahaeaheaeah-Yeah

[Chorus: Jewell]
People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row... (That's my homie Troy, youknowI'msayin'?)
People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row... (Rouchelle)
People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row... (Stacey)
People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row... (We just wanna tell you a little bit about Death Row)

[Outro: Danny Boy]
Big Suge
Good luck and out
Dre
My boy 'Pac
Good lookin' baby on that track, youknowI'msayin' we do this man
To the Dogg Pound, Snoop
Michel'le, Sam Sneed
And to my father above
God
I'm thankful for everything
Anything that you givin' me
And to all of my inmates
(People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row...)
We're looked down right here, right here on Death Row, that's where we at, and like Dre said..
(People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row...)
I know your bobbin' your head, hehe
(People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row...)
C'mon now... People in the ghetto
(People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row...)
To the engineer Dave, what's up? Keep it goin'
(People in the ghetto, don't you know it's Death Row...)
Reg you know you helped me......