[Verse 1: Rakim]
I'm rated "R". This is a warning. Ya better void
Poets are paranoid, DJs destroyed
'Cause I came back to attack others in spite-
Strike like lightnin', it's quite frightenin'!
But don't be afraid in the dark, in a park
Not a scream or a cry or a bark, more like a spark;
Ya tremble like an alcoholic, muscles tighten up
What's that? Lighten up! You see a sight but
Suddenly you feel like you're in a horror flick
You grab your heart then wish for tomorrow quick!
Music's the clue, when I come you're warned
Apocalypse Now, when I'm done, ya gone!
Haven't you ever heard of a MC murderer?
This is the death penalty and I'm servin' a
Death wish, so come on, step to this
Hysterical idea for a lyrical professionist!
Friday the thirteenth, walking down Elm Street
You come in my realm ya get beat!
This is off limits, so your visions are blurry
All ya see is the meters of the volume
Pumping lyrics of fury!

It's a... a fearified freestyle!

[Verse 2: Rakim]
Terror in the styles, never error-files
Indeed I'm known - you're exiled!
For those that oppose to be level or next to this
I ain't a devil and this ain't the Exorcist!
Worse than a nightmare, you don't have to sleep a wink
The pain's a migraine every time ya think
Flashbacks interfere, ya start to hear
The R-A-K-I-M in your ear
Then the beat is hysterical
That makes Eric go get an axe and chops the wack
Soon the lyrical format is superior
Faces of death remain
MCs decaying, 'cause they never stayed
The scene of a crime every night at the show
The fiend of a rhyme on the mic that you know
It's only one capable, breaks-the unbreakable
Melodies-unmakable, pattern-unescapable
I haunt if you want the style I possess
I bless the child, the earth, the gods and bomb the rest
For those that envy a MC it can be
Hazardous to your health so be friendly
A matter of life and death, just like a Etch A Sketch
Shake 'til you're clear, make it disappear, make the next
After the ceremony, let the rhyme rest in peace
If not, my soul'll release
The scene is recreated, reincarnated, updated
I'm glad you made it
'Cause you're about to see a disastrous sight
A performance never again performed on a mic
Lyrics of fury!

A fearified freestyle!

[Verse 3: Rakim]
The "R" is in the house, too much tension!
Make sure the system's loud when I mention
Phrases that's fearsome
You wanna hear some sounds that not only pounds but please your eardrums
I sit back and observe the whole scenery
Then nonchalantly tell you what it mean to me
Strictly business, I'm quickly in this mood
And I don't care if the whole crowd's a witness
I'ma tear you apart but I'ma spare you a heart
Program into the speed of the rhyme, prepare to start
Rhythm's out of the radius, insane as the craziest
Musical madness MC ever made, see it's
Now an emergency, open-heart surgery
Open your mind, you will find every word'll be
Furier than ever, I remain the future
Battle's tempting, whatever suits ya!
For words the sentence, there's no resemblance
You think you're rougher, then suffer the consequences!
I'm never dying-terrifying results
I wake ya with hundreds of thousands of volts
Mic-to-mouth resuscitation, rhythm with radiation
Novocain ease the pain, it might save him
If not, Eric B.'s the judge, the crowd's the jury
How do I plead to homicide?
Lyrics of fury!

They're getting furier!
A fearified freestyle!