[Intro: Eric B. and Rakim]
Yo Rakim, what's up?
Yo, I'm doing the knowledge, E, man I'm trying to get paid in full
Well, check this out, since Norby Walters is our agency, right?
True
Cara Lewis is our agent
Word up
Zakia and 4th and Broadway is our record company
Indeed
Okay, so who we rollin' with then?
We rolling with Rush of Rushtown Management
Check this out. Since we talkin' over this def beat right here that I put together. I wanna hear some of them def rhymes. You know what I'm sayin'? And together we can get paid in full

[Verse 1: Rakim]
Thinkin' of a master plan
'Cause ain’t nothin' but sweat inside my hand
So I dig into my pocket, all my money spent
So I dig deeper, but still coming up with lint
So I start my mission, leave my residence
Thinkin', "How could I get some dead presidents?"
I need money, I used to be a stick-up kid
So I think of all the devious things I did
I used to roll up, this is a hold up, ain’t nothing funny
Stop smilin', be still, don’t nothing move, but the money
But now I learned to earn 'cause I’m righteous
I feel great so maybe I might just
Search for a 9 to 5, If I strive
Then maybe I’ll stay alive
So I walk up the street, whistlin' this
Feeling out of place, 'cause man do I miss
A pen and a paper, a stereo, a tape of
Me and Eric B and a nice big plate of
Fish, which is my favorite dish
But without no money, it’s still a wish
'Cause I don’t like to dream about gettin' paid
So I dig into the books of the rhymes that I made
So now's a test to see if I got pull
Hit the studio, 'cause I’m paid in full

[Outro: Eric B. and Rakim]
Rakim, check this out
Yo, you go to your girl's house and I'll go to mine
'Cause my girl is definitely mad 'cause it took us too long to do this album
Yo, I hear what you're sayin', so let's just pump the music up and count our money
Yo, well check this out; yo, Eli
Turn the bass down and just let the beat keep on rockin'... and we outta here
Yo, what happened to peace?
Peace, peace, peace

[Produced by Eric B]