[Hook]
I feel like I’m going crazy, love me or hate me
Who’s gonna save me from myself?
When I feel like there’s no one else
When it feels like there’s no one left
To keep my feet on the ground...
(Going, going crazy
Feel like I’m going crazy)
Cause I’m happy now, but I’m crashing down
Who’s gon' save me from myself?
To keep my feet on the ground...

[Verse 1]
I’m a vigilante, I do some shit if a nigga dare me
I got no friends and even less that I consider family
My attitude is fuck 'em, I buck em if they come close to me
And I don't use codefendants nigga, it's just the toast and me
I watched First 48, see how niggas get caught
It’s hardly ever the killers, some snitch is always at fault
And we was taught not to talk, soon after we learned to walk
You tattletale on your sister, your ass is getting the bulk
Of her ass whipping, we slipping, raising our kids different
I try to tell these niggas but why the fuck won’t they listen?
It’s a lot of poetical prowess in my position
But it seems like the riches and bitches blinding they vision
So fuck them and fuck whoever don’t understand
I’m a man, a man with the courage to take a stand
I might run in the precinct with a gauge in my hand
Be front page with a grenade in my hand

[Hook]
I feel like I’m going crazy, love me or hate me
Who’s gonna save me from myself?
When I feel like there’s no one else
When it feels like there’s no one left
To keep my feet on the ground...
Cause I’m happy now, but I’m crashing down
Who’s gon' save me from myself?
To keep my feet on the ground...

[Verse 2]
You sit with the angels, you don’t look at life from a perpendicular angle
Fucking with these strangers'll get you strangled
I mingle amongst the murderers, grew up amongst the dealers
And real niggas laughing, cause y’all diduntdidunts to killers
I might option to just go back to the old Giddy
When I was roaming the city with that chrome 4 fitty
So pretty, pearl handed, the blickidy blick blicky
It used to come so in handy, when situations got sticky
I’m picky and I don’t like this new generation of rap
And I am hating, in fact, I hate the fact that it’s wack
Slap, the living shit outta anybody come back
My niggas ready for war, y’all only ready to rap
I’m an old head, that probably used to beat up your biological
Back when they had The Wiz and the Biz was diabolical
But now I’m ready to do it, it’s me against everything
Pain is love motherfucker, here, here go a wedding ring

[Hook]

I don’t think y'all understand how real it is out here
You know what I’m saying?
You believe these little rappers, they talking bout this glamorous lifestyle
But in the streets it’s still real, it’s still real in the streets
They don’t got Bugattis and Lambos and Murcis
They don’t got that, they got hoopties
They still out there shooting and killing
Over some crumbs, let’s get real man, fuck it!

[Hook]