[Intro: Saigon]
(Fuck all that.  They hit Vern last night, man.  Grab the fucking gun, man).  Can’t believe this shit.  (Hit this nigga back, man).  Yo, Lizzy.  (Want that nigga dead, son).  Niggas hit ‘round here last night, man.  Yo, king.  (They hit Vern, man)

[Verse 1: Saigon]
Quiet storm, militant form, I stand firm
Flat footed in a shootout (What?) my son Vern got burned
Now my spine squirm (Damn).  Damn, they pushed my man face in
God, come and sentence these dudes to damnation
Contemplate the plan, pacing bad act and falled off
Love all our [?] up in the law, cocked sawed-off
Went from cropping a crop to shop ‘til you drop
Prolly bump into him there, ya, ‘cause that’s the popular spot
‘Member, ain’t a cop in the plot
If you spot him, hurry, put a shot in his top, come out and hop in the drop
Scaling through the mall floors, securing all nine of ‘em
Later, for finding ‘em, I don’t see not a sign of ‘em
Plus it’s getting dark and hot.  Niggas sparking pot in the parking lot
Say they see the shock a lot up top
Grab the milli grip, fill a clip to the tip
Aim for what you know to rip—strictly head and nothing below the hip
This nondescript nigga make a thug flip.  I’mma make his blood drip
Soon as the slug hit.  Aim for his nugget.  Cousin
Lean over.  Son, he drove a, drove a blue Nova
Loud motor.  Slow up, Jehovah, look below the decoder
It’s him.  Him and his slim.  Pull out, cock the toast at him
Don’t discriminate women and, man, pop both of them
Shit

[Hook: Saigon]
And that’s how we living in this hood life (Hood life)
We do it dirty out here.  We do it so dirty out here
Boy, you better walk with your knife tonight
Don’t get caught up slipping in this hood life

[Verse 2: Saigon]
Why the police always wanna send me back to my hell?
Be another lost soul—young, black, and in jail
Prolly rapping to the rat in my cell, saying shit like
“Rat, them crackers ain’t had to do me like that”
He said, “Pssh.  You better hold it
I take them six years and you could be the rodent”
I thought “Nah, get over it”
I said, “Fuck you, rat.”  He said, “Fuck you back!”
You ain’t getting no more potato chips, then you flipping
I ain’t scared no more.  I will jump down there
And get your bucktooth ass a quit whipping if you keep tripping
Then I snapped out my daydream (My daydream)
Looking at the rat eating errything (Eating errything)
I can’t see myself in state greens (state greens)
I gotta hit the bricks, go home, and try to stay clean (Stay clean)
But the street life is sucking me up
I ain’t giving a fuck.  Just living it up
Keep a deuce in my pocket, keep a clip in the cut
And I put six in your gut to get rid of your butt
Slut.  Faggot

[Hook: Saigon]
And that’s how we living in this hood life (Hood life)
We do it dirty out here.  We do it so dirty out here
Boy, you better walk with your knife tonight
Don’t get caught up slipping in this hood life