[Intro: Saigon]
Hold that.  It’s hooligan raps (Haha).  Niggas is (It’s hooligan raps) out here at 7:30, thinking you could fuck with me, nigga (It’s hooligan rap).  You fucking niggas can’t rhyme, nigga (It’s hooligan rap)

[Verse 1: Saigon]
Ayyo, I’m powerful.  I shower you Power-U’s with a Calico
You could know how it feel to have a slug in your clavicle
And I ain’t even mad at you.  I just like making
Any tragedy more tragical.  It sounds sick but it’s actual
Thirty-five thousand and forty hours of watching cowards
Get killed in the showers.  Blood clump like milk when it sours
I’ve even seen grown men that broke home-zoning
Brother where his mother of his kids was home boning
The same cat that caught him and the cat phone-jonesing
Finally hung up—they found him at four in the morning
Nothing your queer crew do could compare to
The shit that I had to bear through.  I ain’t trying to hear you
You never was a Glock slinger, pop singer
Run this or you gon’ tongue-kiss this mop wringer
You niggas better get low ‘cause Saigon is destined to blow
If not, I’ma get locked for unlocking and letting it go
Professional flow, spit unquestionable
Told you I’d make you a vegetable

[Interlude: Saigon]
Yo, that’s crazy (Yo, yo, hooligan rap).  What else you got, though?  That’s all you got (What’s that, man?).  Take that shit, nigga

[Verse 2: Saigon]
I said: here I am twenty long years since my child birth as
Still remember the nurses who said I’d grow to be worthless
One said, “Look it.  Another youngin born a sinner”
She didn’t say, “Youngin,” though, yo.  You know she used the n-word
I looked at the bitch.  Was only here for a minute
The bitch looked back grinning.  I know when I’m comprehending this shit
All the noise in the nebulizer was hard to listen
But when she went to pick me up, yep, I started pissing (Take that)
But ever since benevolence wasn’t in the frame of my thought
I became shorts who kept his moms in and out of the courts
Actually, man had bigger mans to fracture me
Figured he creep, rock me to sleep, come and capture me
But naturally I caught on.  Thinking I’m sneaking but, see, I thought wrong
They placed in juvie somewhere near Hawthorne
Wasn’t my turn to burn.  That only made me more lethal

[Outro: Saigon]
Nah, nah, nah, listen, fat man.  Don’t even do it like that, nigga