[Produced by Marcus D]

[Intro: Saigon]
They say I'm a big deal.  You know?  They say, "Saigon, man, that guy talks a lot.  But he makes a lot of sense."  Haha.  Like, I'm like a genius or some shit.  Wassup?  Thank you.  Check it

[Verse 1: Saigon]
Before I begin, stop all the who, what, where, why, and when
Yes, I am him
S to the A­I, G to the O­N
And yes, it'd be c'est la vie if I throw ten
Spittin' my second nature, lyrical legislator
Rapper slash educator, smack the mess out of a hater
A nigga frontin'—his ass'll go on a respirator
I was taught to shoot first, save all the questions for later
And I been workin' on my temper since this past September
I ain't beat a nigga ass since last winter
What we having for dinner?  My stomach is growling
I'm hearin' other stomachs growlin', so someone is prowlin'
Chance of me getting got is like one in a hundred-thousand
I'm letting off as many shots as my gun is allowin'
I'm ploo-ploo-ploo-ploo-plowin', wilin'
Yellin', "Niggas never take me alive," and that's word to my Aunt Natalie
I'm mentally challenged, chemically imbalanced, addicted to violence
Haha (smooth).  Keep up!

[Hook]
But ooh, I just wanna live better, live better
Oooh hooo hooo, I just wanna live better, live better
When they ask me what I'm tryna do
I just wanna live better, live better
Ain't nothing else to do, so we just tryna live better, live better

[Verse 2: Choklate]
Flipped the smooth, dipped up out the chaos for a minute
Slick with it to sneak off, rejuvenate, and replenish
Laid around in lush, engaged in minimal minutia
Let my soul breathe away from city smog and fogged up
The window with good tree whilst romping amidst trees
Arms wide, breathin' in, fresh, hands handlebar-free
Biking and hiking—even city gal gone in glee
Blissful for a minute, blowing bubbles, follow me!
Used to be the one all hot-­headed, bothered, and novice
Slowly learnin' to spend currency called time on knowledge
Burned a bridge and mend it—sometimes ain't nothing can solve it
Inner homework on deck—I can truly heal and balm it
Givin' knuckles and mediocre carbon copies a break
If you knew the old me, promise you'd be better behaved
But I'm just chillin', spreading love and light and things
I'll be damned if I let you bring out the wild in me
You see?  You see

[Hook]
But ooh, I just wanna live better, live better
Oooh hooo hooo, I just wanna live better, live better
When they ask me what I'm tryna do
I just wanna live better, live better
Ain't nothing else to do, so we just tryna live better, live better