[Intro (Overlapped with Bridge): Saigon and (DJ Whoo Kid)]
Yeah, it’s real.  Fuck, man.  In the hood, man (Fort Knox!).  It’s from the heart, man.  It’s from the motherfucking heart, man (Abandoned Nation!).  Don’t ask me some shit about it on record (Volume One!).  Nah’m saying?  Fuck niggas, man.  We live in the hood, motherfucker.  If I can get on record and talk about all the shit I’ve been through, man.  Niggas, look in my fucking eyes, man.  I’m 25 years old, man.  Look at me, man.  Fuck is going on, man?

[Bridge 1 (Overlapped with Intro): Sample from Fantastic Four - “My Love Won’t Stop at Nothing”]
If you could tell me
Why did you take your love
When mine was here to stay?

[Verse 1: Saigon]
I’ve been through war, been through fear
My whole life, in and out of prison for years
But who cares?  Do you care?
Well then hug me and tell me that you swear
I doubt Jesus even love me anymore (Nah)
I don’t he has since I was a little boy
Dog, I had to walk before I crawled (Why?) ‘cause
We had mice, roaches, and rats patrolling our floor
By fourteen, I’m holding a four.  Most niggas
My age was getting whoopings ‘cause they stole from the store
But me?  I’m on the ave, being cop-car-spotted
Pistol on my waist with a pocket of narcotics
Nobody could tell me nothing.  Far as sex
I was already fucking when my dick was the size of my bellybutton
Lord knows I got some praying to do
Try and sit and listen to what I am saying to you (Go ‘head)

[Hook: Jovan Dais and (Saigon)]
You don’t know what I’ve been through
In my life (No) in the past few
Years
(Nigga, you have no fucking idea) I’ve
Had my share of ups and downs
Made some mistakes (Yup, and I’ve...)
And I shed some
Tears (You hear?)
(You have no fucking idea)

[Bridge 2: Jovan Dais] (x2)
Oh
Lord, please
Watch over me.  Days
Strange, can’t change
My destiny

[Bridge 3: Sample from Fantastic Four - “My Love Won’t Stop at Nothing”]
You’re my love
He took yours away

[Outro: DJ Whoo Kid and Saigon]
DJ Whoo Kid: Whoo Kid, Just Blaze.  Y’all can’t stop it.  Saigon.   Whoo!
Saigon: Y’all little dusty-ass niggas in the hood.  Nigga, get your fucking weight up, man.  Get that crack out your sock, nigga, go get a real hustle.  Stupid motherfucker