It's a crazy world out there
Kids are getting shot at school
People are dying
I'm just trying to make it through 7th grade!
With all these wars going on
What am I supposed to do in this world of trouble?
Yeah, I don't know, man
It's getting crazy
It's a crazy world out there man, for real!
It's a crazy world!
Bread and circuses, google it
It's a crazy world, it's life we live
In a crazy world!
So crazy, the things you see, man
You turn the television
You look outside your window
It's a crazy world out there, man!

Look, the other day I seen a girl acting like a boy
Then I seen a little boy acting like a girl
People try to tell me it's just a way of the world!
It's a crazy world!
Shit make you wanna hurl
Black boy shot cause he was wearing a hood
Nobody riot even though that we know we should
Too afraid of dying, cause of what we was and we would
It's a crazy world!
Thought that you understood
Alcohol killed more people than all
So called illegal drugs put together for sure
So why is it something you could just buy it at the store?
It's a crazy world!
It's something I can't call
They killed Bin Ladin and everybody just smiled
If he did what's alleged then yeah that maggot is foul
Question I ask you is what happened to his trial?
It's a crazy world!
Wow, we represent war, the first thing you hear
It's in the Star-Spangled Banner the verses is clear
"the rocket’s red glare, bombs burst into air"
Make it harder for peaceful people to persevere
But we was raised here, this is all we know
It's a crazy world, so you know how it's gonna go!

It's the life we live in a crazy word
It's enough to make a nigga go crazy, go crazy!
Go crazy, make me go crazy!
Go crazy, make it go crazy!
It's a crazy world
Enough to make a nigga go crazy
Go crazy, make you go crazy!
It's a crazy world!

My man hit his cousin in the head with a crowbar
Just so he could take the shit and put it on World Star
This other motherfucker drink a whole thing of Smirnoff
It's a crazy world!
Bit his homeboy ear off
White man came and told us of Joseph Kony
First we thought he was real, but now we know he's a phony
Caught him the next week in the park beating his meat
It's a crazy world
It's just a bunch of baloney
And back to the subject at hand
I wondering if this was God’s plan or just the law of the land
A lot of niggas in college, even more in the can
Cops got the block hotter than the Florida sand
Damn, I just had a baby girl!
It's a crazy world!
What's gonna happen to her?
This life we live
In a crazy world, it's enough to make a nigga go crazy!
Go crazy, make you go crazy!
Make you go crazy, and crazy, and crazy!