[Intro – Saigon and (Diana Ross Sample from “Sleepin’”)]
Yeah (He's tired of runnin' his game...)
Uh huh.  They calling out there, man.  Check.  Shiet…

[Chorus - Saigon and (Diana Ross Sample from “Sleepin’”)]
Out there… (He's been out there, out there, out there…)
In the streets you know… (In the street you know…)
I was out there, man.  Really doing the years.  Really busting guns, man.  Let me talk to ‘em.  (And strugglin', scufflin' trying to survive…)

[Verse 1 – Saigon]
I’ve been out and about there
Wiling since ten and a half
Runnin’ from cops, ‘cause I ain’t never like gettin’ harassed
I would tell them niggas to kiss my ass
They’d tell me, “Get on the wall.”  (Phoom!)  And that’s when I dashed
Used to flash my lil’ du-knot—20’s, over one-hundred ones
Eating Chick-O-Stick and Big Bol bubble gum
Was young but hung with niggas that slung jummies
Being a dumb dummy who disrespected my mummy
And I never forgot who put me on this Earth
Who brought me up right and who loved you since your birth
But that didn’t stop me from stealing money out her purse
Cursing at her worse than an Eminem song verse
Thirsty for street love ‘cause I ain’t feel itthat home
Three years later, I’m thirteen, concealing that chrome
Ready or not, like L-Boogie, Pras, and Wyclef
I promised my cousin Woody I’d ride to my death

[Chorus - Saigon and (Diana Ross Sample from “Sleepin’”)]
I was out there… (He's been out there, out there, out there…)
In the streets you know… (In the street you know…)
In the muthafuckin streets, man.  Brooklyn, Spring Valley, New Berg, Virginia, B.A.  (And strugglin', scufflin' trying to survive)
Nigga, out there… (Out there, out there, out there…)
Bustin’ shit.  Robbin’ shit.  Rap niggas make me laugh, man… (In the street you know…)
Bitch-ass muhfuckas… Check… Talk… Go in… (And strugglin', scufflin' trying to survive…)

[Verse 2 - Saigon]
I’ve been out and about there
Sellin’ cocaine to my kin
Playin’ the game, I know ain’t no way I can win
Either I die or get locked in then pen
I try to pray and even hope to God I’m not, but I am
I’m feelin’ as if I’m all in
They say that rapping is my calling—I just feel like I’m some bastard alcoholic
Who drink, get shit-faced, and I’m back over the toilet
I can’t call it.  Why?  Nigga, I might spoil it
It’s not fair, we out there.  They rap about it and live
They act like it ain’t, but nigga that’s what it is
If you really did what you said, you would’ve been dead
With ten in your head or on the Feds with me in yo’ bed
Me, I’ve moved on.  I was doing wrong for too long
Torn, watchin’ Satan, miseducatin’ the newborn
Read the Qur’an, check atrocity, [?]

[Chorus - Saigon and (Diana Ross Sample from “Sleepin’”)]
Out there… (Out there, out there, out there…)
Every day, man… In the street, man… (In the street you know…)
Teaching the youngsters, know what’m saying?  (And strugglin', scufflin' trying to survive)
(Out there, out there, out there…)
This your boy Saigon.  In the building with my nigga, fuckin’ Whoo Kid, my nigga, Just Blaze… (In the street you know…)
It’s the invasion, we taking over the fuckin’ street, nigga… (And strugglin', scufflin' trying to survive…)