[Verse One]:
First things first, this nigga Joey is the worst
I'll unload a clip in his head put him in a hearse
Prior to the jerk, releasin his lil verse I went on the Internet
And did me a lil search
I got on his website, took a look at the forum
This nigga got some white kids makin up lines for him
Here I am thinkin', "I wonder what he gon do with 'em?"
His record came out and this mothafucka was usin' 'em
That should be a crime
You had enough time
He even called Royce Da 5'9" asked him for lines
And this is why I don't take this guy serious
He bi everything, bi-polar, bi-curious
Wasn't he actin' like a gangsta at the Applebee?
When his man got slapped he blamed VladTV
And I ain't a battle MC but nigga wanna battle me
Fuck it, I love it, Joe Budden's my first casualty
I notice he thinkin' he smart like he can think me apart
How he The Brain when he's Pinky at heart?
Look, now the nigga frontin' like thuggin' somethin' he used ta
Watch when it gets hectic, he turns into Martin Luther
I'm a two time felon, a full time shooter
Loser, talk shit and hide behind a computer
You rhyme about guns, you never used a Rutger
Playin' with Sai' is like sayin' "goodbye" to your future
You wasn't the man when you did have a record
Dropped by Def Jam, Desert Storm now you desperate
You got a nice like buzz on the message board
But you shit is collectin' dust in the record store
Now you givin' us a reality show
Starrin' little Gay Tray and that raggity ho
You tapin' your friends talkin' I'm out of the state tourin'
Entertainin' this cause the game is straight borin'
Talk about Austin
I ain't with the bitch, I don't give a shit, trust me it's nothin' important
You made Just all this money but you a dummy
Where is he on your new shit?
Why he ain't do shit?
I got 10 Just joints, super exclusives
Nobody will be in the Mood for your Muzik
How is he lyrical? This coward is pitiful
Talkin' 'bout he doin' it big on Amalgam Digital
This nigga is frontin', listen to my voice
He was dropped, he is not independent by choice
Makin' homo jokes, well hardy har har
But it's ya son playin' with barbie dolls, pa
Joey you better buy 'em a basketball
Before you catch the lil' nigga suckin' dick in the bathroom stall
I heard Slaughterhouse, Crooked ripped you to pieces
All of 'em did, you was the weakest
You lack the iron and the niacin, but you be poppin' Vicodin
Frail mothafucka, you need to be poppin' vitamins
Now it gets frightening
Niggas said I fell for the bait
I cross his old ass over like Iverson
You talk about jail but from the look in your eyes
And the fact that you frail, I know you couldn't survive
The ones that get rapped in the prison?
The light skinned, scrawny niggas like you, so play your position
Okay now I battled you, now you gotta box me
Scared Humpty Hump ass nigga? I ain't Shock G?
Take away the mic this nigga is a coochie mayne
I slap this bitch like Gucci Mayne
You in the barbershop beggin' Fab to be on his mixtape
Knowin' that he nut in your bitch face
Your flow you don't own it
You stole Grafh flow, everybody know it
Just go and listen to Focus
Now can you name five people that felt Touch & Go?
Don't worry, I'll wait...hell fuckin' no!
He tried to diss Hov thinkin' you would get on
He took you and he didn't even have to respond
Fuck that I'll end it a better way
I have him the letter 'P' now here is the letter 'J'
Joey just jots in his journal
No jackin' no jugglin', just jerkin' his jimmy, Joey is a gerbil
Joey ?, jig him in the jugular
Jap him in the jaw, jet to Jersey or we jumpin' ya
Jackass is jealous I'm the Jason of the jungle
I'm the Jesus of the Jews, you Judas's are in trouble
The juvenile in the jail for juxin' jokers for jewelry
But I'm the Weapon X, yep Joey you're Jubilee

"You win"
What you say?
"You win"
That's right
"I want to take the time out and apologize to um...to any of um, any Joe Budden fan out there."
Back to business '09. Joe Budden always wanna battle niggas and shit. That's all he can do. When are you gonna write a fuckin' good song nigga? I only know one song you got. Matter of fact...fuck it. I ain't done with this nigga

[Verse Two]:
Pump It Up
This nigga Budden a slut
Be gettin' fucked in his butt that's why he be sayin' "Uuugh"
What kind of grown as man be sayin' "Uuugh"
Fuck that, he called me out and now it's "Uuuugh"
Boxin' gloves off, mask and glove "Uuuugh"
And I'm back faggot
He threw the first tap, worst rap I have ever heard that
Crap it was weak, it was nerd rap
You deserve that slap that Ran gave your man brother
Amalgam writin' checks your ass can't cover
Takin' me to a battle, I'm takin' you to the ring
As soon as he hear the ding he won't be sayin' a thing
But I hear he a fag either way, nothin' he could say
After eatin' Fab DNA, now the whole world knows Tray's gay
But blame you dude, cause you the dick head that put him on Youtube
He's the one who brought the kids into this
And that's why this faggot is finished

[Outro] [Saigon talking]:
Done. I ain't doing this shit no more nigga. You go ahead and make a million fuckin' diss records. I'mma see you nigga. Hold your head Ransom. You got Ransom jammed up man. Gettin' niggas locked up faggot. Go ahead and make some more diss songs. That's all you know how to do anyway nigga. I'm back to business. I make real music. Dumb motherfucker