[Intro – Saigon]
Thank you
To everybody
Who love somebody (damn…)
Who miss somebody (talk to ‘em…)

[Verse 1 – Saigon]
I remember like it was yesterday, Jay
Before this Saigon buzz, before they was calling me S to the A
You would say I was the best to this day
I be like, “Better then Nas.”  You say, “Nah, nigga, better then Jay”
And I be like, “You bugging, cousin.”  Plus, you knew that I wasn’t
That was your way of encouraging the kid to keep shoving
No matter whatever the crime, you would do for the grime
Would go as far as slinging dimes for some studio time (damn…)
I still feel you here, even though that I know you not
Told you I would blow, but I really wanted to show you.  I…
I ain’t stay local, rock shows around the globe
Shot down a lot of folks who thought they was hot with they vocals
I know I visit your grave not as much as I should
But it’s funny ‘cause it’s as much as I could—it’s harder than you think
Pray to God that you up in that bitch, slaying
Send my love to Miss Mary Elizabeth, sing

[Chorus – Jovan Dais]
People come in and out of life everyday
So hang around for a while, for so many stay
For a reason, season, or a lifetime
Said, “It’s hard to let go but we got to”
‘Cause baby they done what they got to
They either here for a reason, a season, or a lifetime

[Verse 2 – Saigon]
If you got somebody you love that’s deceased
Whether it’s your brother, your niece
Your mother, your father, your uncle, the preach
A close friend who was stuck in the streets
Someone you tried to pull out, but it seems that he just kept ducking your reach
I’m hoping your heart’s touched with this beat
Stevie Wonder sees black babies playing, not lugging the heat
There’s a couple people I love to 6 feet
My grandmamma, my other brother was killed on them New Jerz streets
My friend Ali got struck with the train
It was hard to bury the Godbody, hardly nothing remained
If I seem him again, will I hear that laughter that left?
Or is he still how he died with his head detached from his chest?
Damn…  I can’t call it, fam.  Rest in peace to “Stuttering Stan”
We stuck together like peanut butter and jam
That was my motherfucking man
He would always give me the upper hand
Now he laying under the land

[Chorus x2 – Jovan Dais]
People come in and out of life everyday
So hang around for a while, for so many stay
For a reason, season, or a lifetime
Said, “It’s hard to let go but we got to”
‘Cause baby they done what they got to
They either here for a reason, a season, or a lifetime

[Outro – Saigon]
Yeah man, it’s real.  Mike White.  Jeru.  Lester Grey.  Rest in peace.  Mary Elizabeth [?].  My grandma.  Everybody.  [?].  It’s real.  One hand in the air.  Life is very real, man.  Enjoy every day of your life, man.  We born to die in this muhfucka.  Word…