[Intro]
[Just Blaze]
Sound so beautiful, ladies and gentlemen.  I go by the name of Just Blaze.  Uh oh!
[Saigon]
Thank you, thank you.  I appreciate the love.  Thank you very much.  But we gonna get into this shit real quick.  Check, check it.  Check me out

[Verse 1 – Saigon]
You could get your body hurt badly in an hour
Y’all niggas sing like Mariah Carey in the shower
Or Eddie King Jr. before the brain tumor
Lyrically, Sai nasty as a crack fiend bloomer
I flow with a glisten and glow.  I’m positioned to blow
Know I'm bout getting some dough, I’m dismissin’ a ho
Know I’m conditioned to go.  Fo’ plus fo’ mo’
Know that my biscuit’ll blow—that I did it befo’
And this is real talk—not no fake shit
I rhyme with such a complexity—y’all so basic
A true song from you would go, “I don’t make sense
And me and none of my niggas is not no gangsters.”
But I was a prisoner though
I let six of ‘em go.  Know that I’m sick with the flow
Know I don’t stick with the po’.  Know that I kick in your do'
I get bricks to your blow.  Know that my niggas’ll go “Boom!  Boom!”

[Interlude]
That’s that Just Blaze right there!  That that Just Blaze!  Do it!  This a monster, man…

[Verse 2 – Saigon]
You could bring all of your brethren—niggas is cowards
The bullet’ll be the plane and yo’ frame is gon’ be the towers
The similarities’ll be the flowers
The difference: you fell in a couple of seconds instead of a couple hours
Thug or political flow.  I’m a lyrical pro
Know niggas be bitin’, but you know I’m original, though
Know I’m conditioned to go.  Fo’ plus fo’ mo’
Know that yo’ bitch is a ho.  (How you know?)  I done hit it befo’
(Shiet…)  And this is real hawk—not no play shit
A flow with a futuristicness—y’all so ancient
A true song from you would go, “I don’t break bricks
I never bust gats and I don’t got cases.”
But I was a prisoner though
I was beaten, but oh.  Know I was getting the snow
Down on the visiting floor.  Know I’m predicted to go
Gold out this muhfucka
Knowing my clique in the show is ridiculous, yo

[Outro]
Yea!  Greatest Story Never Told, man…