[Intro: Saigon and Rough]
Saigon: This nigga Rough used to always come talk about his deadbeat dad.  Like he the only one that had one and shit.  You crazy-ass nigga.  Fuck him, nigga.  Fuck it.  Tell ‘em ‘bout it, then, nigga
Rough: Screw that.  Oh, you don’t wanna talk to me?  Bring me here?  Now you just wanna leave?

[Verse 1: Rough]
Can’t tell me
A reason for leaving, no hug or nothing.  Just walking out
One finger silencing me, nothing to talk about
Neglection, indirectly showed me how to be a man
‘Til this day, gave me no reason to try and understand
More than likely, you’re the cause of mommy’s hatred for man
Leaving me to choose between school and bubbling grams
What kind of guidance was that?  Scarred me for life
Ma saying you love us, she denying the fact
Before I decided to rap, that’s what stuck in my cap
A kid’s childhood is something they can never get back
Out of anything in the world, this is all that I ask:
Don’t feed me to the wolves or throw me away
How could I make it in this world if you don’t show me the way?
Walking past me on the streets, having nothing to say
Toying with people’s feelings a game you shouldn’t play
You wants to hold it down without eventually running away.  I’m like:

[Hook: Rough] (x2)
I thought you loved me.  Hurt me for nothing
It’s like you slugged me, put me through pain and suffering
Son without a dad, wife with no husband
Scarred for life with no intentions of trusting

[Verse 2: Rough]
And my generation was eighty percent born with addiction
Twenty percent don’t listen, ten pack and .40 spitting
Remainding thirty is pitching.  Any way you put it or take it
Best believe somebody tricked ‘em
Government send drugs to the hood as an invite to prison
Turn around, lock one of us up like they made a difference
When playgrounds and daycare centers, that’s what we’re missing
Along with employment availability, college tuition
That’s why the majority of us blooding and cripping
Instead of becoming Muslims, gods, Sunnis and Christians
In order to get the point across, my team put me in a
Position.  Who don’t get it, shut up and listen
All we knew is: “Soldiers, stand firm and play your position”
Want to live life to the fullest, three-quarters of us can’t go the distance
Am I lying?  Naw, I’m just being true
You was never there for me, so I did what I had to do
Put the weight on mommy’s shoulders, but what I really wanted to ask you...
Put the weight on mommy’s shoulders, but what I really wanted to ask you:

[Hook: Rough] (x2)
I thought you loved me.  Hurt me for nothing
It’s like you slugged me, put me through pain and suffering
Son without a dad, wife with no husband
Scarred for life with no intentions of trusting

[Verse 3: Rough]
Family, friends, and foes there to witness your last
Family and friends mourn while the foes bicker and laugh
Ma dukes still in your corner, though she know you was bad
Win or lose, when it blew, you was all that she had
Played two roles as a parent: the mom and the dad
Can you imagine how her and problems must’ve clashed?
Probably be alive today if you wasn’t so fast.  They say
“The good die young and the bad die last”
Wanna question which one of you.  I’m like, “Why should I ask?”
Pastor preached at your service like never before
Mom’s crying, realizing she won’t see you no more
This the first time I seen you since you reached for the door
Who would think my help for you would put you six feet?
What goes around comes around.  Yeah, that much is true
You was never there for me, so I did what I had to do
Put the weight on my mommy’s shoulders, but what I really wanted to ask you:

[Hook: Rough] (x2)
I thought you loved me.  Hurt me for nothing
It’s like you slugged me, put me through pain and suffering
Son without a dad, wife with no husband
Scarred for life with no intentions of trusting

[Bridge: Rough]
If you was alive, I’d still feel like, “Why would
You bother?”  I got a mother, never had a father
If you was alive, I’d still feel like, “Why should
You bother?”  I got a mother, never had a father
If you was alive, I’d still feel like, “Why should
You bother?”  I got a mother, never had a father

[Outro: Saigon]
Yeah, you start that sad shit, man.  Why?  You always did that sad shit, man.  I used to be sitting there and he looking at me, look at me in the face.  Now, I’m looking at the nigga.  I’m like, I’m like, “Man, get over that shit, man”