Samson and Sejour ft. Saigon - “Struggle”
[Emcee(s): Samson, Sejour, and Saigon]
[Producer(s): DJ Sae One]
[Sample(s): Rufus & Chaka Khan - "Stay"]

[Intro: Saigon]
Uh.  Sejour, Samson, Saigon.  (Yeah!) Triple S to death

[Hook: Sejour and (Samson)] (x2)
Every day is a hustle, every day is a struggle
(I know how you feel, god.  Stay out of trouble)
We’re in the same game, (hustled the streets) until the fame came
(Maintain but don’t do the same thing)

[Verse 1: Sejour]
Lifestyle of a young nigga sitting on trial
It’s so foul.  Seen it coming—shorty fit the profile
Meanwhile, it’s worthwhile.  Peep my style.  Life
Is hard—that’s how it is when you young and black
That’s why niggas smoke all day and drink twelve packs
Niggas toke all day and cope with it back
This ain’t just rap.  Me and stress go way back
Got to tell you it’s a life, them zeppelin act
“Life’s a ho”—that’s all she wrote.  I got to cope
Lot of niggas sold their oaths and hustle with hope
Got the game all stuck in their throat.  Fam, this ain’t just
Sixteen.  Terrell died—he was just fifteen
Domino effect get you wet in a crime scene
If you from the hood, son, you know the routine
If you ever felt like this, you know what I mean
(You know what I mean.  You know what I mean)

[Hook: Sejour and (Samson)] (x2)
Every day is a hustle, every day is a struggle
(I know how you feel, god.  Stay out of trouble)
We’re in the same game, (hustled the streets) until the fame came
(Maintain but don’t do the same thing)

[Verse 2: Samson]
Practice make perfect.  Caught up in crime
It ain’t worth it.  Jail allergic, time urgent
Prerogative: living positive or living negative
Competitive, but work for the Devil and kill a relative
I’m telling, kid.  Jail is stronger than a sedative
Have you locked up in cell where you can never live
So lost.  Send you out to see no cause
You was [?].  Now you in the bing [?]
Trying to join something, fronting, annoy something
Better than you.  Son, you got a hell of a view
Better focus on the words that I’m telling to you
Before it’s too late.  You really think you handling eight?
Traffic can wait.  [?] the 9 escape
Did we come from ape to man or man to ape?
It’s hard to tell.  Now they gon’ teach you, mentally beat you
Don’t let your prophecy defeat you

[Bridge 1: Sejour and (Samson)]
Yeah, my fam always said, “Walk the streets with a pound
‘Cause you never know when enemies is coming to town”
(Getting blazed by a shorty, shot by a clown)
(We see jake take the [?], throwing heat from the mound)
Almost shot twice, (they tried to put me on ice)
You want advice?  (Stay nice on the low from advice)
Pay the price.  (You didn’t know fingerprints precise)
(Now you sit in front the judge ready to sentence your life)

[Hook: Sejour and (Samson)]
Every day is a hustle, every day is a struggle
(I know how you feel, god.  Stay out of trouble)
We’re in the same game, (hustled the streets) until the fame came
(Maintain but don’t do the same thing)

[Verse 3: Saigon]
We ask God to deliver us from all evil
But it’s like He don’t give a fuck about poor people
Though we was created all equal, why we the ones
Filling the prisons and living the life that’s all the more lethal?
But I ain’t mad at you, God.  You did it for a reason
‘Cause, our life, them people couldn’t live it for a season
But that’s what make You hard to believe in.  You ever seen
A crybaby born?  Them babies is born barely breathing
Is money that much of a issue to you too?
You let the government flood our communities with the pistols
The drugs.  Tell us, God.  What is it?  A test?
If it is, how long will it last?  ‘Cause shit is a mess
I feel blessed.  Every day, you fill my lungs with breath
But why you let C.O.s beat my man Young to death?
Matter fact, I’m sure you gon’ tell me in due time
So, for now, I’ma just grind, work hard to get mine

[Hook: Sejour and (Samson)] (x2)
Every day is a hustle, every day is a struggle
(I know how you feel, god.  Stay out of trouble)
We’re in the same game, (hustled the streets) until the fame came
(Maintain but don’t do the same thing)