[Intro: Saigon]
(Shhh) Believe I’m ready.  I gotta do it, man.  Yep

[Hook: ?]
Wake up to see the proof they tryna take us away (Tryna take us away)
The officer, the judge, and the assistant DA (The DA, the DA)
You out there on that corner with that toaster in your hand (Know what?)
It won’t be long before you gone ‘cause they about to call The Man

[Verse 1: Saigon]
Sometimes, I wish I was ready to die like Biggie said he was
Wish my uncle didn’t get high, but he already does
It’s bugged—he used to make me get in the tub
Now I gotta smell shit when I give him a hug (Eww)
And I ain’t gotta say that it’s real
You could look me in my eye, bitch, read my grill
Believe I will fulfill any need I feel
Need to be fulfilled—(even) with a piece of steel (Click)
It’s been ‘nough days.  I puff haze
Broke nights in Baseline combining with Just Blaze
Told me one day, he’ll put me in touch with Hova (Uh huh)
And we gon’ fuck around and do self-destruction over (Look)
Put all the rappers on it.  Blaze is gonna produce it
MTV News—nigga, Sway is gon’ introduce it
The whole hood gon’ lose it
We gon’ finally start acting like we realize the power of our music
Who am I confusing?  (Huh?)  That shit’ll never happen (Why?)
Unification is not synonymous with black men
I know I stole a extra bar.  But this is one of the songs about some of them things that make a nigga say:

[Hook: ?]
Wake up to see the proof they tryna take us away (Tryna take us away)
The officer, the judge, and the assistant DA (The muhfuckin’ DA)
You out there on that corner with that toaster in your hand (Better understand)
It won’t be long before you gone ‘cause they about to call The Man

[Verse 2: Saigon]
(Look) Could you just imagine a man with a laughing hyena’s heart (Uh huh)
One that’s keen in the art of not being seen in the dark
Just beaming his mark—sort of like lions do wildebeests
Like killers who kill police—get caught and still feel release
I strike with a knife sharp as gorilla teeth.  Shit is real in these trilogies
Nigga, shit is sweeter than Sheila E
They shoot it—I spill a breeze
I know who they using to fill up in these facilities—it ain’t Jews or people from Philippines
It’s all of us Africans crackers cracking to apprehend (Uh huh)
Latins with they “Padre, Mi Madre” tats on the back of them
Y’all niggas is lacking in recognizing what’s happening
E-dot-O-dot-B-dot, black, and that’s the acronym
Stands for “Elimination of black.”  It was time blacks
Start facing the facts.  Start retracing your tracks
They just went from big to little bites.  And it seems like
We gave up the fight as soon as we got civil rights

[Hook: ?]
Wake up to see the proof they tryna take us away
The officer, the judge, and the assistant DA (Look)
You out there on that corner with that toaster in your hand (Look, man)
It won’t be long before you gone ‘cause they about to call The Man

[Outro: Saigon]
You already know.  Real niggas know.  Fake nigga wouldn’t even comprehend this shit, man.  Real nigga the one who can understand this shit.  Let’s go.  Come on