[Chorus]
There's a war in the streets tonight
And nobody's really feelin' alright
I got a blunt for my chronic, a juice for my tonic
I know now...
So I know we'll be alright

[Verse 1 - Saigon]
When niggas tell you don't hurt nobody, they bein’ funny
When they say that shit to Saigon, they mean it money
Ever since I was little, bitches say, “He a dummy.”
‘Cause one year, I went to church and beat up the Easter bunny
Now it’s every day I hit God with silent praise
So he can help me resolve some of my violent ways
I was locked up for four hundred holidays
Was in the peazy when I heard Eazy had died from AIDS
Was in the bing for that Bad Boy, Death Row thing
Was locked away when Dr. Dre was crowned West Coast king
I'm the thug these rappers be tryna be
Shit, lyrically, I'm a fuckin’ anomaly
You as much as rapper as Sean, John, and me
Matter of fact, you an actor like Sean Connery
I'm the nigga with the rap sheet longer than your rap book
Hustlers got they chain snatched and they got they crack took

[Chorus]
There's a war in the streets tonight
And nobody's really feelin' alright
I got a blunt for my chronic, a juice for my tonic
I know now...
So I know we'll be alright

[Verse 2 – Nas]
Nine-four.  Destiny opens her eyes
For the first time.  Praise God.  Baby mom's cryin'
Planned to be a strong black family
But we both were too young, too strung, too much flashin'
New comer called “Verbal Assassin” runnin' with
Nothin' but the worst type.  Worst fight
When we brought my baby home the first night
Cursed like sailors, burst out the crib
Ragin' in my new car bought from entertainment
Champaign and gainin' clout fast, whiplash
Did this bitch just pass in the club pugged up?  Stupid ass
Grabbed her by the pony tail.  "Never disrespect me"
I'm a street vet, regret the sex, but not Desi
Move back to your grandma.  I'm single, the land's mine
She keeps the Benz, I'm all in the streets again
Squeezin' the pen, released again, chart toppers
Hard-bottoms blessed the feet, now less baby mom's problems
New woman, she's great, this a different world
Checkin' out my wife's chemistry with my little girl
It's so amazin', playin'.  Life is so crazy
I've grown up and thankful for lessons God gave me

[Chorus]
There's a war in the streets tonight
And nobody's really feelin' alright
I got a blunt for a chronic, a juice for my tonic
I know now that I'm feelin' right if it goes down
'Cause my third eye sees the lowdown
‘Cause I know it's not my time to go now
'Cause God's got my back in this showdown
So I know we'll be alright