Tru-Life ft. Saigon - We Gon' Ride”
[Emcee(s): Tru-Life and Saigon]
[Producer(s): Paul Pistachio]

[Intro: Saigon and Tru-Life]
Saigon: Yeah, yeah, y-y-y-yeah
Tru-Life: Ayyo, Giddy
Saigon: What’s up?
Tru-Life: You ready, my real?
Saigon: You know I’m ready, baby
Tru-Life: OK
Saigon: Hehe.  Uh
Tru-Life: You know, Pac said: don't go to war unless a nigga got his money right, right?
Saigon: Right, right, right
Tru-Life: Shit.  Well, our money right
Saigon: Yeah.  Hehe, yeah
Tru-Life: Soldier is ready
Saigon: You know they stay read
Tru-Life: And things is cocked and can’t none of these dudes see us.  Let’s ride right
Saigon: Brrrat!  Uh.  Get into it

[Verse 1: Tru-Life]
Yo, we the hottest niggas out this year—hands down
When you other rappers see us, don’t give us no pounds
We don’t mingle with lames who want to ask if you spit
Yeah, I spit a lunky in your face, you lowlife prick
I give a fuck about rap, nigga, plaques and awards
I’m out to get chips so I could break bread with my dogs
If I’m clapping at your show, it ain’t a round of applause
We leave niggas on the floor, dead with shit in their drawers
Piss in their pants.  Who wanna dance with the realest?
At a home with Spielberg, broke bread with killers
No-pussy-getting niggas want to play yours.  Type
To search through my hair but try to smell my girl dirty thongs
I’ll smash your Rollie, yeah, and break your arms
I’m the realest nigga right now repping New York
How the hell you gonna do 106 and Park?
When there’s mayhem or Harlem, bullets pierce your heart
I’ma show y’all niggas out there how I’m living it
This is my life and y’all niggas is spitting it
I’ll shit on your publishing, you fucking cowards
The type to fuck the game up and buy bitches flowers
That bitch ain’t yours.  That ho’s ours.  She a
Dirty hoer from the lower, love when I bend her over
Uh.  Even cum on her back.  I Love
Lucy but I still Dream of Jeannie, black.  I’m getting
Money—can’t nothing get between that.  And that’s
How I’m gonna do it ‘til the day I croak.  I’m trying
To be the first with platinum rings and diamond spokes
No joke, nigga

[Hook: Saigon and Tru-Life] (x2)
(We gon’ ride) every day of my life, chump
Until the last day of my life, punk
(We gon’ ride) Take a look at my eyes, chump
I’m G’ed up, I’m ready to die, punk

[Verse 2: Saigon]
Ayyo, is love stronger than hate?  Is hate the reason
The world got longer to wait for me to conquer the state?
If it is, well, then, listen here and please listen clear
I swear it’s time for the queer to disappear
Be gone with or I’ma treat the back of your
Fucking head like a drum and use a gun to beat on it
I’ll put my unborn seed on it.  My niggas
Could fight—Suge Knight could get it if he want it
Niggas bleed just like us.  To me, we just
Like dust.  Three light puffs, the heat might bust
I’ll swear to the Lord.  And, sure as Lucky got
A year to the bore, I’ma keep my ear to the floor
Plus keep my hand on a four.  If you fuck around
I’ma buck the pound, put your headband on a wall
Rap good on my worst day, clap niggas on
Their birthday—that’s going for anybody per se
Like Pac, get shot Wednesday, I’m leaving on Thursday
I don’t give a damn what the doctor or the nurse say
I’m going to find that motherfucker that burst me
Burst his ass back, disperse, and that’s that
When asked who’s the best, a lot of niggas say: Nas
Or Jay-Z, but all the real niggas say me
If they don’t say me, they say: Lizzy, Tru-Life
G.I.’s collaborating with A-Bizzy

[Hook: Saigon and Tru-Life] (x4)
(We gon’ ride) every day of my life, chump
Until the last day of my life, punk
(We gon’ ride) Take a look at my eyes, chump
I’m G’ed up, I’m ready to die, punk

[Outro: Hook Adlibs]