[Verse 1: Saigon]
What a life.  Sitting back, chipping crack with a butter knife (Damn)
Slanging the same thing after I done got busted twice
Either this or go resort back to a slug device
Run up in the gambling spot, stick niggas that love the dice
What a life.  Just got caught fucking my brother wife
Which led to another fight—it ain’t fair to my mother, right?
I done seen her hair go from dark-grey to the color white
Try to convince her it’s love despite the grudge and the fight
What a life.  Just caught a kite from my cousin Mike
Said he straight in the day but some nigga husband at night
Now I wish I would’ve took him thugging that night
Matter fact, fuck that nigga—we wasn’t that tight
Shit, what a life.  If only I could trade my name to get another life, I would live the other life
I wouldn’t rob, wouldn’t steal, wouldn’t cheat, wouldn’t kill, wouldn’t do nothing to jeopardize another life
What a life

[Hook: Saigon and (Tre Williams)]
(What a life).  Damn.  Shit ain’t like it was back in the day.  (What a life.  Oh, it’s my life)
What a life, man.  (What a life).  Damn.  Little happiness to go away (What a life.  Yeah...)

[Verse 2: Saigon]
What a life.  Wifey try slice me with a butcher knife (Woah)
Defending myself, I had to uppercut her twice
She call the police, knowing that wasn’t aight
They came and took me to jail even though I was in the right
What a life.  Crib got a hunnid-and-something mice
Try to trap ‘em with cheese, with peanut butter, with rice
Exterminator a hater—he keep upping the price (Man)
Catch his ass in the street, I’mma bust him up—night
What a life.  I got twisted the other night
Woke up in some bitch bed with not a rubber in sight
Don’t really know if I fucked her, but something just wasn’t right
‘Cause I don’t usually cuddle with a bitch I don’t like
Shit, what a life.  I need to trade my name and get another life.  I would live the other life
I wouldn’t aim, wouldn’t hang, wouldn’t slang, wouldn’t bang, wouldn’t do nothing to jeopardize another life
Shit, what a life

[Hook: Saigon and (Tre Williams)]
(What a life).  Damn.  Shit ain’t like it was back in the day.  (What a life.  It’s my life)
You gotta get it right.  (What a life).  Little happiness to go away (What a life.  Yeah...)
Try to get the other life

[Verse 3: Saigon]
The other life.  No more fucking my brother wife
Quit guzzling brown plus hustling white
Still don’t talk to my cousin but pray for him every night
He gave his momma some paper, so his commissary right
The other life.  I got rid of them fucking mice
The roaches is still around but the rodents is out of sight
The strange chick that I slept with told me I didn’t write
But said she gave me some head and that’s why I was holding her tight
The other life.  No more living the double life
Wifey dropped the charges on me, DA and the judges tight
They want to see a sister give a brother his third strike
But with her, that would never occur—word, life (Word, life)
That’s the moral of the greatest story never told
You could change however wild, however old
My heart used to be hella cold
‘Til I learned life was all about self-control
What a life

[Hook: Saigon and (Tre Williams)]
(What a life).  Shit ain’t like it was back in the day.  (What a life.  My life, my life, my life, my life, and my life)
What a life.  (What a life.  They don’t know my life).  Little happiness to go away (What a life.  They won’t end my life)
Bang.  What a life.  (Oh no.  Yes.  Oh, it’s my life.  Said, “It’s my life.”  Yeah)