[Intro: Saigon]
Yeah.  Uh huh, uh huh.  Arsonist, baby.  Uh, uh, Saigon.  Abandoned Nation.  Errybody.  Keep it moving.  Let ‘em know, god.  What you gonna do?  What?  When there’s like...  That’s crazy.  Look, look

[Verse 1: Saigon]
You ain’t a thug, bitch—you lack too much courage
You should just listen to motherfuckers—just throw your raps in the rubbage
If [this number’s?] a full clip, I pull it
Give you and whoever had the nerve to publish that bullshit a bullet
What, y’all forgot?  ‘Member, Pac told us the prognosis?
These faggot-ass rappers is not soldiers—they cock-a-roaches
I handle a Glock ferocious
Go on the roof of your projects, look over the edge, and just drop explosives
Hate them rappers like I hate the DTs
All it take is one slug or three-thousand-thirty-three BBs
Putting out these weak CDs and Eps
Unoriginal steez, riding other niggas’ wee-wees
Seen Ds beat niggas to death with CBs
Seeming for [we’s?] every Christmas Eve send MCs to get free cheese
How I’m gon’ rap about eating kiwis in a sea breeze?
Back home, the air’s filled with dirty disease and [?]

[Hook: Saigon and (Sample from The O’Jays’ “I Swear, I Love No One but You”)]
Boom!  Please, what you gonna do?
When there’s like six of my sons with big shotguns in front of you?
Who will you running to?  Need to ask yourself, dude (What am I gonna do?)
I said, “Boom!  What you gonna do?
When there’s like six of my sons with big shotguns in front of you?
Who will you run to?  Need to ask yourself, dude”
(What am I gonna do?  Am I gonna do?  Am I gonna do?  If I...)

[Interlude: Saigon]
Boom.  Brrat!  Let’s go

[Verse 2: Saigon]
I said, “If love is pain
Then would it be unconditional love if I put a hot slug in your brain?”
If the streets is watching, why the fuck ain’t no police is dropping?
Why are my cousins selling the crack and my niece is copping?
All my uncles in the beast forgotten?
Y’all could live through the eyes of me, killer, and we gon’ keep it popping
Twenty-two years.  I shell less than twenty-two tears
Every day, drinking like twenty-two beers
And blowing the .44.  Going to war, paw
With the same niggas who moms I used to go to the store for
All over the love of what else?
What, the block?  What, the dough?  What, a ho with no respect for herself?
Naw, block.  I can’t see [?]
‘Less I’m going to visit my little me, Little E locked in D Block
And I ain’t talking ‘bout Sheek and them
I’m talking ‘bout TP, big Puerto Rican Malik, and them

[Hook: Saigon and (Sample from The O’Jays’ “I Swear, I Love No One but You”)]
Boom!  Bitch, what you gonna do?
When there’s like six of my sons with big shotguns in front of you?
Who will you running to?  Need to ask yourself, dude (What am I gonna do?)
I said, “Boom!  What you gonna do?
When there’s like six of my sons with big shotguns in front of you?
Who will you run to?  Need to ask yourself, dude”
(What am I gonna do?  Am I gonna do?  Am I gonna do?  If I...)

[Outro: DJ Kay Slay]
Yeah, DJ Kay Slay from around the away, the Drama King.  Y’all know how I put this shit down.  I’m chilling with my nigga Saigon, the best of the newest muhfuckers representing on the streets.  We want to send much love to all the niggas upstate, all the niggas downstate, all the niggas in the Fed penitentiary, and all the female that’s doing that hardcore time ‘cause they commit crimes too.  All our criminal muhfuckers.  Rock to this shit right here.  Let’s go