[Verse 1]
Let me rub my back against the notches on your bedpost
Scratch these afterthoughts off my flesh and shed ghosts
My head's close to your closet door, I've got the glass to my ear
My nose is in your business I smell something fishy here
I hear bones rattling. Poems battling for space and time
Phones that'll ring when I make judgment calls with pick-up lines
Sexual hang-ups leave me waiting nude and while alone
It just gets aggravating masturbating to a dial tone
I'm the home to run-away trains of thought
My one track mind is a collision inter-course where victims cross
Bedroom eyes...Uncross their legs exposing inner thighs
I disrobe and show my most convincing disguise
I've lived so many lives each death has left my face scarred
Hid so many lies under my breath that I can't face God
Dig into my mind deep enough you'll find a graveyard
I get nervous bodies will resurface every time it rains hard
"Don't cry, girl." Let me outline your short comings
While my world is full of them and they're all in the long runnings
It's all fun and games. It's all done in vain. It's all a fucking shame
I ain't the one but I'm the one to complain?

[Hook]
I'm the one to come home. Compare. Contrast
Come fast. Make love to the present, fuck the past
Make love to the present, fuck the past. Nothing lasts
Don't you dare worry about the morning aftermath (yeah!)

[Lead-in]
Don't you love how much you paid for your education? (yeah)
Don't you love your job and spending every day there? (yeah)
Don't you love your girl? You have such a healthy relationship. (yeah)
Don't you love having that break-up sex, that make-up sex? (yeah)

[Verse 2]
Taking an acid bath, pissing on the shower curtain
The gal just laughs and starts dissing my towel turban
I had to ask if she knew how to listen now I'm certain
Now my task is just to get up in her like I was a surgeon!
I'm a virgin who makes exceptions at sunset
My dirty skin gets cleansed by the summer sweat
"Self, have some respect! I don't need you new and clean
But I don't want the procedure routine!"
A screw machine! with a few bolts loose. Robot response touch tone
Hair trigger, happy-go-lucky emotion monger wants a love poem
Run home. Dip into your closet and jump bones
Your secret admirer's stuck higher up and he's unknown
Looking down on you. Can you bare the burden?
My ears are hurting. I found a few gears are turning
With squeaky wheels. They get the grease cause its a damn nuisance
Understand the blueprints for our mechanical movements
It never ran smooth since we abused the Earth
Grabbed a hand full of pubics and removed the turf
Refused its worth, we lose our shirts. She assumed the worst
And needed proof of birth? I'm leaving this universe
It seems doomed and cursed. See if you come first then come fast
Come here. Come back. Compare. Contrast
Complain. Constrain. Constantly ask
Complicated questions contain scientific answers in your flask
Condone. Condemn. Come home. Come friend
Confuse. Common issues. Condelude. Comprehend
Karma. Chameleon. Come again?
Continue to come in you. Come to daddy. Condescend
Come and bring us (Confidence). Cunnilingus (Compliments)
Come to think us went from guilty consciousness to common sense
Calm down. Complete. Compound. Come eat
Our Common ground meat from man-made concrete

[Hook]
Come to the street. Conquer the weak. Come to terms with coming last
Make love to the present, fuck the past
Make love to the present, fuck the past. Nothing lasts
Don't you dare worry about the morning aftermath. (yeah!)

Don't you wanna take a shower with me? Clean me up. (yeah)
Kill yourself...while you're still alive
(Kill yourself) while you're still alive while you're still alive. (3X)

[Poetry]
See when you put a shell to your ear, it is not the sound of crashing waves
That you're hearing. It's the amplified current of your own bloodstream
It was your self-pulse that created that post-human illusion of me. Your
Tireless heart pumping out an ocean of lies and I foolishly tried filling
Impossible shoes resulting in my stumbling as I fell into the trap of making
A woman my element. Now I just can't get comfortable being out of you...