(This dat old, multiple staple-gun happened
Left lane, aggressively passing
Round the world couch-crashing
Broke-ass fan fixing, hand-to-hand mission man
Listen, I split the clip in the edited video I wrote the treatment for!
I might just cut a fuckin' record if a DJ leave the tour!
I'm the one you settle up with at the end of the night
And do my own security if something ain't right, ya know what I mean?
That's that DIYMFS.)

(Yeah!) We're about to DIYMFS, do it!
DIYMFS, do it!
DIYMFS, do it!
Do it ya motherfuckin' self

Yo, Sage you on cue? Yeah, I'm on cue
B., you on cue? Sure, I'm on cue
Yo, Sage, you on cue? I'm always on cue. (Watch it!)
Tell these people what you gotta do!

I gotta wake up early on y'all motherfuckers
Snatch the prize out the cereal box
You gotta hustle
Congrats, everybody yelling facts
But they ain't the same facts, which kinda negates that
(Can't trust it!)
Your weak, weak pace can't ?
The bricks in the walls, you people still claim us
(Strange Famous!)
Say it 'til the pain's buffed, and the frame rust
Then we find out what you made of
Tape stuff, don't do cassette
CD burning on the turnpike, moving to wreck
Let's take a lap around the map and serve 'em platters of wax
That last longer than your usual removable tacks
That get sent by the masters of mass-production
Used to wonder why the mainstream was whack and redundant:
All the watered down dumb shit, black and encouraged
And then I learned about the amp with the open-casket
Tucked in, go again, rap with half the budget
So the purse strings lead to a nasty puppet
Once they passing judgements just wasn't a move
But since I wasn't rushing, I had other shit to do

You better DIYMFS, do it!
DIYMFS, do it!
DIYMFS, do it!
Do it ya motherfuckin' self

Yo, Sage you on cue? Yeah, I'm on cue
B., you on cue? I'm always on cue
Yo, Sage you on cue? You know I'm on cue. (True)
Tell these people what you gotta do

I represent myself in the court of public opinion
(That's a given)
I collect the rent, pay the mortgage to the landlord who owns the building
I don't second guess myself, if I did that would be a first
I wasn't born on third. (I'm the judge)
I'm the judge, jury, executioner each verse
I protect home; you steal signals and get stuff
Wheels of steel spin the singles that are pressed up
(Bless up!)
I'ma dress you down, remember when I went to your town?
I booked that show, flight, hotel, and rental car
Drove to the venue, set-up merch at the bar
Did the soundcheck, promoted, devoted more of my life to this mic than you could ever know, kid!
Then I headlined. They be like UB40, I be like red, red wine
Where's my set time? There was a curfew, I served you before the deadline
Stepped off stage and then signed a shirt that you bought that I helped design
When I say 'Independent', I mean like a ?CEO? of finance
No need for a pay rise
I take risks. You take notes. You took pics, I gave quotes
'You're too sick, how do you do it?'
Gotta DIYMSF, stupid!

DIYMFS, do it!
DIYMFS, do it!
DIYMFS, do it!
Do it ya motherfuckin' self

Yo, B., you on cue? I woke up on cue
Yo, Sage, you on cue? I'm always on cue
Yo, B., you on cue? You know I'm on cue
Yo, Swab, tell these fools what they gots to do

(Scratches)

(Eyes on the prize, mind on the prime
My advice: if you want something done right, you better come do it yourself.)

(Just do it, just do it, just get right round to it
Just do it, just do it, just get right round to it
Just do it, just do it, just get right round to it.)

(This is the product of a DIY)