(Epic Beard Men
We need your help
Advanced player mode.)

Take me to the lake
(Fill 'er up: Five Hearts)
I'ma try my best to slay all of these snakes
(And contribute my part!)
(this is A Tribe Called Side Quest)
Take me to the lake
(Fill 'er up: Five Hearts)
I'ma try my best to slay all of these snakes
Because all these so-called contributors are all 'take, take, take'

No beach, no Speedo, no seagulls (casino night player)
No dice, No Keno, No Whammies! Better beware the Cooler
I think it's time to introduce the sharks and
Hustlers to the big bad barracuda
(Fuck it) there ain't no time for waiting
(Fuck it) there ain't no hibernating
Swine isn't allowed inside our cipher
(Fuck it) fry the bacon!
This little piggy's gonna get smoked like a ciggy
The city is so lit up, I promise kid it ain't nuttin' pretty
Are they going ham? (Yeah, they going ham!)
But they can't gamble responsibly so they slash the pot
Whenever I show my hand
(Fuck it) there ain't no slow-rollin'
(Fuck it) I already told Dolan, when I'm done [with] this mission I'm taking up fishing (I'm going bowling)
Take me to the-pfff-as if even care, I suffered a substantial amount of damage and your man needs repairs
Let me replenish and breathe the air before lives get lost
Breed with women, make children, and leave 'em there to fight the boss

'Sup, what's going on? (Demonic laughter)
You know what it is, I like you, come 'ere, ha! ha!
What's good? (What's good?)
What's good? (What's good?)
What's good? (What's good?)
What's good?

Take me to the lake
(Fill 'er up: Five Hearts)
I'ma try my best to slay your lovely snakes
(If you trip you might fall)
(this is A Tribe Called Side Quest)
Take me to the lake
(Fill 'er up: Five Hearts)
I'ma try my best to slay your lovely snakes
Because all these so-called contributors are all 'take, take, take'

Gone but not forgotten hours
Glued to the cube with a view of the Towers
Came up soon in a room
With a gun and a glove
Fuckin' with mushrooms and flowers
Heaven and Hell were reversed
Cycles of death and rebirth
I'm on a search
Call it a quest
I can play the game, but I ain't obsessed (yet)
Wish to continue the mission within you?
The shit you will live through
Conditions are critical
Digital child, chosen one
Pass the controller, lemme show you some
Set the high-score where you don't wanna try no more
Better be ready to die in a war and regenerate endlessly
Expertly mashin' the buttons, adjusted the method so subtley
Suddenly cracked it and massacred somethin'
(You know what?)
The mass destruction of my youth was fuckin' beautiful
Shelter from the climate, climb inside and hide in Rubik's cubes
Solved the riddle room-to-room to make it out the house
Had to choose my next adventure; had to get up off the couch!
Won't you take me to the lake?
I'm tryin' to save the game and bounce
Now that B is for 'Brain Damage'
From gamin' with Sage Francis
Which way is the lake? Damnit! The answer's in doubt....

(Yeah, aw shit, play that fuckin' game
Rematch, REMATCH)

Take me to the lake
To slay all of these snakes

(Strange Famous, Epic Beard Men!)
(Bonus Round! Ahhhh!)

(Too bad you fucked up!)

Gloves off, it can't be all about flow
No advantage, no cheat code
(You can't win!)
We keeps it O.G., classic edition
Hold the controllers with wires, 'n' kill 'em
(House Of Bees!)
Burning bushes, developing gambling addictions in the cave
Losing precious time till there's no princess to save

(Epic Beard Men! Strange Famous!)
EBM
(Putting castles in motherfuckin' bags)
Memorising patterns, dying a million times over
Just to see what happens
Until it happens and then it's 'Game Over'