(Epic Beard Men
We need your help
Advanced player mode.)

Take me to the lake
(Fill 'er up: Five Hearts)
I'ma try my best to slay your lovely snakes
(If you trip you might fall)
(this is a Tribe Called Side Quest)
Take me to the lake
(Fill 'er up: Five Hearts)
I'ma try my best to slay your lovely snakes
Because all these so-called contributors are all 'take, take, take'

No beach, no Speedo, no seagulls (casino night player)
No dice, no keynote, no Grammies, ?clinical wear the cooler?
I think it's time to introduce the sharks and hustlers to the big bad barracuda
(Fuck it) there ain't no time for waiting
(Fuck it) there ain't no hibernating
Swine isn't allowed inside of a cipher
(Fuck it) fry the bacon!
This little piggy's gonna get smoked like a ciggy
The city is so lit up, I promise kid it ain't nuttin' pretty
Are they going ham? (Yeah, they going ham!)
But they can't gamble responsibly so they slash the pot whenever I show my hand
(Fuck it) there ain't no slow-rollin'
(Fuck it) I already told Dolan, when I'm done [with] this mission I'm taking up fishing (I'm going bowling)
Take me to the-pfff-as if even care, I suffered a substantial amount of damage and your man needs repairs
Let me replenish and breathe the air before lives get lost
Breed with women, make children, and leave 'em there to fight the boss

'Sup, what's going on? (Demonic laughter)
You know what it is, I like you, come 'ere, ha! ha!
What's good? (What's good?)
What's good? (What's good?)
What's good? (What's good?)
What's good?

Take me to the lake
(Fill 'er up: Five Hearts)
I'ma try my best to slay your lovely snakes
(If you trip you might fall)
(this is a Tribe Called Side Quest)
Take me to the lake
(Fill 'er up: Five Hearts)
I'ma try my best to slay your lovely snakes
Because all these so-called contributors are all 'take, take, take'

Gone but not forgotten, I was glued to the cube with a view of the towers
Came up soon in the room with the gun and a glove
Fuckin' with mushrooms and flowers
Heaven and Hell will reverse, psychos and death and revert
I'm on a search, call it a quest
I can play the game but I ain't obsessed (yeah)
Wish to continue the mission within you
The shit you would live through, conditions are critical
Digital child, chosen one, plastic controller, let me show you somethin'
Set the high-score where you don't wanna try no more
Better be ready to die in the war and regenerate endlessly
Expertly mashin' the buttons, adjusting the methods, so suddenly
Suddenly, you cracked and massacred
(You know what?)
The mass destruction of my youth was fuckin' beautiful
Sheltered from the climate, climb inside and hide in Rubik's cubes
Softer with the room-to-room, to make it out the house
Had to choose my next (?) I had to get up off the couch
Won't you take me to the lake? I'm tryin' to save the game and bounce
Now the B is for 'Brain Damage', from gamin' with Sage Francis
From playing the lake, damn it, the answer is out

(Yeah, aw shit, play that fuckin' game
Rematch, REMATCH)

Take me to the lake
Slay your lovely snakes

(Strange Famous, Epic Beard Men!)
(Bonus Round! Ahhhh!)

(Too bad you fucked up!)

Gloves off, it can't be all about flow
No advantage, no cheat code
(You can't win!)
We keeps it O.G., classic edition
Hold the controllers with wires, 'n' kill 'em
(?)
Burning bushes, developing gambling addictions in the cave
Losing precious time till there's no (?) the same
(Epic Beard Men! Strange Famous!)
EBM
(Putting castles in motherfuckin' bags)
Memorising patterns, dying a million times over just to see what happens
Until it happens and then it's 'Game Over'