Sad Sad Monster. Turn those horns up
Burn the back roads. Find your way out
Troubled love life... give the gift of yourself...
To the dark

[Hook]
Ground control to lost soul...
Ground control to lost soul...
If you copy...
Come in lost soul
Come in lost soul
We lost contact
Abort Mission
We lost contact

[Verse 1: Sage Francis]
Don't these dead streets back you into bad corners?
Curbs crumble once you park your ass on em
Parking meters overdue. Violation goes unnoticed
Out of all of those who tried to travel off road... you've come the closest
So I grant you this toast:
To all of those who showed promise and never made one that broke
I salute you. I never meant to lose you
But I know this road don't go where it used to
I've got a map that looks a lot like your veiny arms
It ain't to scale, but it details the name of this song
And this one is called "Cancelled Flight Blues"
A manipulative twist I think that Manson might've used
But poor musicians come a dime a dozen
And you're the eggman, a flash in the pan, and your yolk is running
Who broke that hard outer covering?
Some chick in your mix you couldn't level with, headless horsemen?
Come the suffering... go the direction...
Following air currents, but it was my drift you were supposed to be catching
Fish nets collect dust in stagnant water
I haven't heard back from you since the gag order
Pussycat got your tongue?
Pick it up up up up up up up (end communication)

[Hook]

Bad, bad actor. Flip that script now. Come on!
You cock. Bust my shit! Woaaah!

You're a lint ball who moves on the whim of the wind
Confused flexible movement for freedom
If the walls you keep bouncing off of are closing in
Theres only so much time before your rhythm gets broken
I could hear it speeding up before we lost signal
It caused a ripple effect. Rings on the radar would intersect
Now your fingers are off limits;
I can't hold your hand longer than your attention span
The two way street we are supposed to meet on is just
A one-way dead end. You're some of my best friends
Press send. Where are the donuts you've been lost inside?
Tow trucks you've been forced to ride? Hold ups at the borderline?
Customs will confiscate costumes
Eat my dust and get exhausted, force-fed my car fumes
I can't afford the duty tax, so expensive
Come off your head trip and visit where your old friends live
You're sensitive like the time (critical!)
You swore to God on a lie and didn't die (you're invincible)
Kiss the pavement, make love while cars spin
Be careful when the unsafe sex parade comes a marchin'
They've got full body condoms to carry you off in
I wish I told you that while we were still talking

[Hook]

[Live performance sample]
I'm a motherfucking Bill O'Reilly of this hip hop shit!
I want you to give it up for my DJ No Spin Zone!