(Michelle ... been through this ... so many times
Let's go through this again
I need my alone time
Sometimes I
Together!
My alone zone
Oh, it's yours now?!
You gotta put things together
And it's not always gonna look like work
But it's work...)

Listen, put those holiday plans on hold
In fact, just cancel those
You want a vacation? Just wait and be patient
I'm heading to Rome, you're like: 'Can I go?'
Remember what happened the last time?
You're in no position to chastise!
But get your passport right and
I might just allow this ship to capsize
If you're going to miss me though
You can miss me with the mis-perceptions
And misconception of having a right of way
At every single intersection
I'm gonna miss some weddings, sure
You're gonna see some girls at the senior prom
With me on their arms singing:
Two Different Worlds
(Fucking word up)

She said she bet we make a helluva mess
I told her: hell-to-the-yes, but let me tell you the rest:
Before we split a atom [sic] in half, and raise the little aftermath
I'm trying to stop losing sunglasses in taxi cabs
Happy Dads tell me I should get on the bike
I think they're selling psychedelics, but the trip seems nice
I'm sorry though, I can't tonight; I've got a 6 am flight
Plus, I'ma probably be busy for the the rest of my life
Please, miss me with the rah-rah
If you ain't rah-rah, let's connect if you got the heart
To slap a cop like Zsa-Zsa
I see you momma, I like it when you call me Paulie
I like my girls like I like my coffee: with a convoluted background story
Miss me with the blah-blah, when I'm gone miss me then
These are the rules of engagement that
I propose you share with your pissy friends
You can watch my love unfurl, girl, we are from:
Two Different Worlds

She says goodnight to the bad guy, via this Skype connection
While I'm eating this pad-Thai, waiting for night to set in
Where the people get mad live, that's where I like to step in
And the babies get baptised; lead in the right direction
The results of the DNA test are in:
Might look like a friend of yours, but I'm not him
Sage is chillin'
B. is chillin'
What more can I say?
No children

(How can you be so selfish?)

Seriously, I'ma miss some births of babies
I might see some shirtless ladies
It doesn't even really hurt to say these things
I just want to state it plainly, before you try to shame me
Been feeling like the straw man lately. But I'm a strong man lady
Deal with my duality. 'Cause I'm Xaul Zan Crazy
But, if you'll be my Martha Stewart, I'll be your Timothy Leary
We'll cook up some theories, then we'll spend some time apart
In prisons sitting, staring ... You're thinking really?
No, not really. I'm barely free as it is right now
But when you're feeling a bit more conjugal, here's my cell number. (Write it down!)

We are from two different worlds
We are from two different worlds
We are from two different worlds
(two different, two different, two different)
We are from two different worlds
(two different, two different, two different)
We are from two different worlds
(two different, two different, two different)
We are from two different worlds
We are from two different worlds
(two different, two different, two different worlds.)