Ntokozo wants a yo-yo. A yo-yo. A yo-yo
She learned about the ups and downs
The kiddies want a photo. A photo. A photo
I let them take my camera so they can make their rounds
Thandiwe want's some paper. More paper. More paper
She's the boss. She draws Christmas trees with snow
I'm taking 'em home. All home
To the snowmen to show them what I think they need to know
About Zinhle, Sfundo, Zakheni
Snetemba…survivor…a promise made to many
An army of old souls in a battlefield of scattered ashes
Lost ancient wisdom, and ignored AIDS symptoms
UBUNTU. What's good for me is good for you
These brave soldiers combat the enemies of truth
In a broken system with an open wound that will never heal
If we just accept the way it is and never deal
An infection can spread to the head if you let it
Don't let it affect the way you think…like "this is it."
Oh, this is it? That's all there is for all these kids?
These warriors? A never ending waiting list at an orphanage?
As water drips in the bucket, I could add another drop
But I've got a feeling…that drop won't fix the leaky ceiling
If the leak gets fixed, what about when the roof collapses?
Six siblings sleeping on a single mattress
UBUNTU. What's bad for you is bad for me
Zinhle, Sfundo, Snetemba, Zakheni
Ntokozo, Thandiwe, stay strong…be brave
I'll make sure this world knows your names
You were born on the front lines of a country that isn't mine
With a virus I don't have, our family has no ties
Nevertheless, I see you
Sawubona. Yebo. Unjani? I'm fine
I'm just praying for science to turn water into wine
I'm just praying for science to turn water into wine
I'm praying we're not just left with prayer all the time
Ntokozo wants a yo-yo. A yo-yo. A yo-yo
She learned about the ups and downs
The kiddies want a photo. A photo. A photo
I let them take my camera so they can make their rounds
I've seen townships stand proud in the freeze-frame of a motion picture
I've seen kids risk exposing themselves to a social stigma
In the name of breaking patterns and cycles of ignorance
Hearts full of hope, eyes full of innocence
These are heros. Now I call to the heads of State
Recognize greatness when it's in your face
I traveled half the globe to see boys and girls stuck
Without assistance. You insisted on hosting the World Cup?
That ain't love, brother. What happened to you?
You beautified the parts of the city that tourists travel through
You built a gorgeous stadium that can't sustain itself
Flexing superficial muscles in a false display of wealth
Your most important resources need major help
Think of how the medication and information on AIDS is dealt
Beautify the way you save yourself
For God's sake, for human sake, for the sake of public heath
One medicine drop in a bucket eventually evaporates
The socks I bought Zakheni won't fix fractures or breaks
It's not my suffering. It's not my needlessly complex infrastructure
It's not my culture. Nevertheless I see you
Sawubona. Yebo. Unjani. How YOU doin'? I'm fine
I'm just praying for science to turn water into wine
Ntokozo wants a yo-yo. A yo-yo. A yo-yo
She knows about the ups and downs
The kiddies want a photo. A photo. A photo
I let them take my camera so they can make their rounds
Thandiwe want's some paper. More paper. More paper
She's the boss. She draws Christmas trees with snow
I'm taking 'em home. All home
To the snowmen to show them what I think they need to know
Along with this praise poem and every child's photo
Inspiration given by Zinhle, Sfundo
Thandiwe, Promise, Zakheni, Ntokozo
The kids call me "Big Show" -- that's better than no show