[Eligh]

I be worried about the world
Looking at the TV
Searching for something to take my mind off the muck and the mire
They f***in' the fire
Pissing gasoline
I mean they demean us and ream us and beam us the hatred they're takin in
Hurry It Out The Door...
Usherin in the new millennium
It's on again
We killin'
It's on again
We fillin' the bodies full of bullet holes
It's On
Did you get the bulletin or not?
Captain America dug a burial plot
And you gon' wind up in that motherf***er
Ready o
If you stand in between his riches then get out the way
If you don't understand that then get up and say what you feel
In a sandtrap it's hard to move
Even with freedom of
Man it's hard to prove
-It's okay, it's alright, we've got something that you're gonna like-
Feeding it to you with sugar and spice
Tasting so nice when it goes down the pipe
Bad information so wipe off the blinds
Swiping your credit ards, wiping your mind
Clean like the money that's laundered up through the propaganda movement
To get us all hyped up and mic'd up in our own homes
To strike up a conversation with a Macintosh or a PC
Rather be on the internet than F*** with my baby
If I'm pacified enough I'll never cum inside her again
I'll never have a reason to fight a power or take a vitamin
Take a vacation or give a shit about anything...

-It's okay, It's alright, we got something that you're gonna like-


[Mike Marshall]

-This mixed up world and it goes round and round Little kids, robbin blind folks all over town Politicians steady lyin business as usual Wonder...what do we do now? What do we do now? What do we do now? What do we do now?-

[The Grouch]

This world is twisted
You missed it
The whole point of life resist it love
How you gonna shed all that blood?
How they gonna bet on that? uh..
You'd rather break the bank
Than focus your mind and have to think
Scared of silence afraid of the peace
America, we made it a beast
Give me my health back
Ain't no doctor they just sellin crack
Like them rappers do
Started with beef
Now im after you
And you dont have to chew..
Ain't no substance
It's G.M.O. and y'all lovin it
Now im sellin tapes you dubbin it
You sellin grapes you bubblin
Who broke the covenant?
I dont see whats free about me that's troublin'
Bring he Hubble in
Examine
All there is is war and famine
With a little bit of rape and pillage
Whatever happened to it takes a village?
Do you feel it? can I kill it?
Slang Inside...that's how real it is

[Sage Francis]

Stare into the abyss waitin for it to blink
When it does take your paycheck
Day to day type stuff everybody got a rough stuff
Speed the tickers up in the tape deck
Place bets
Gamble every blood breast
Now that I pinch on a 12 inch
Never been a brick in the wall
Built by the long arm in the law
Dedicate everything that I make the anti-war veterans
Born to defend, liberty to the death and the poor to the end
Stronger than the man who was given an upper hand
Never consider pullin up another man
Im a landmine lookin like a doormat
Fuckin up the format
Frat boys imitatin' Borat
Missed the joke
Kiss your vote goodbye
To the (?)
Ohh Digital hopes..
Ohh Where was i..
Yea was i..
Preachin to the choir
Reachin in the fire
The reason I'm inspired
Don't wonder where it comes from
Like the knot in my stomach is undone
Come to the conundrum family untied
Privilege is never given to the indigenous bloodlines
Come the conundrum family untied
Privilege is never given to the people of the sunshine
It's alright, it's ok
We'll party all night
And then burn to a crisp at the break of day

[Eligh]

-It's okay, It's alright, we got something that you're gonna like-

...you gon' like....you gon' like....you gon' like...

[Mike Marshall]

-This mixed up world and it goes round and round Little kids, robbin blind folks all over town Politicians steady lyin business as usual Wonder...what do we do now? What do we do now? What do we do now? What do we do now?-