Eligh:
Are you worried about the world..
Lookin at the t.v. searchin for somethin to take my mind off
The muck in the mile, they fuckin the file
Pissin gasoline at mean us demean us and fiend us
The hatred they takin in, hurry it out the door
Usher on the new millenium, it's on again we killin the sound
We fillin the body with bullet holes
Its on..did you get the bulletin or not..
Captain america _ or bury a plot
And you goin in that motha fucka ready or not
If you stand in between these bridges, get out the way
If you dont understand that, then get up and say
What you feel a sand trap, it's hard to move
Even with freedom of speech man it's hard to prove
It's ok it's alright we got somethin that you goin like
Feedin it to you with sugar and spice
Tasting so nice when it goes down the pipe
Bad information so wipe off the grime
Swiping your credit card wiping your mind
Clean like the money that was fronted from the propaganda
Movement to get us all hyped up and mic'ed up
In our own loans to strike up
A conversation with a macintosh or a pc
Rather be on the internet than play with my baby
If im pacified enough i'll never cum inside her again
Ill never have a reason to fight or _ take a vitamin
Take a vacation to give a shit about anything..
Its ok its alright we got somethin that you goin like
Goin like goin like goin like goin like..

Mike Marshall:
This mixed up world and it goes round and round
Little kids, robbin blind folks all over town
Politicians steady lyin business as usual
Wonder...what do we do now?
What do we do now?
What do we do now?
What do we do now?

The Grouch:
This world is twisted, you missed it
The whole point of life resist it love
How you gonna shed all that blood?
How they gonna bet on that? uh..
You'd rather break the bank
Than focus your mind and have to think
Scared of silence afraid of the peace
America we made it a beast
Give me my health back, ain't no doctor they just sellin crack
Like them rappers do
Started with beef now im after you
And you dont have to chew..ain't no substance
G.M.O. and y'all lovin it
Now im sellin tapes you dubbin it
You sellin grapes you bubblin
Who broke the covenant?
I dont see whats free about me that's troublin
Bring the Hubble in, examine, all there is is war and famine
With a little bit of rape and pillage
Whatever happened to it takes a village?
Do you feel it? can I kill it?
Slang inside...that's how real it is

Sage Francis:
Starin to the abyss waitin for it to blink
When it does take your paycheck
Day to day type stuff everybody got a rough stuff
Speed it to _ up in the tape deck
Place bets gamble every blood breast
Now that I pinch on a 12 inch
Never been a brick in the wall
Built by the long arm in the law
Dedicate everything that I make the anti-war veterans
Born to defend, liberty to the death and the _ to the end
Stronger the man who would give him another hand
Never consider pullin up another man
Im a landmine lookin like a doormat
Fuckin up the format, frat boys imitatin Borat
Missed the joke, kiss your vote goodbye
To the _ digital hopes..ohh
Where was i..yea was i..preachin to the choir
Reachin in the fire
The reason I aspire I wonder where it comes from
Like the knot in my stomach is undone
Come to the conundrum family untied
Religions never given to the indigenous bloodlines
Come the conundrum family undone
Religions never given to the people of the sunshine
It's alright, it's ok
We party all night, then we burn to a crisp at the break of day

(hook)