Check it out here!
If it wasn't for the bass, I wouldn't need these hearing aids
If it wasn't for mistakes, I probably wouldn't be here today
10 years ago I was 22. 20 years ago I was 12. 30 years ago I was 2
When I came out my momma I was zero
In the before life...I was undead
I was home schooled. There were no rules
But I gave it all up just for the chance to go public
A celestial scarecrow dancing with the puppets
A tug in my gut. I'm carrying the world in my stomach
I'm a surrogate motherfucker, the girls love it
Birth the suffix. Cut the visible string
Control is much more than a physical thing
Got an analog God and digital king
An Adonis type bod with such brittle little wings
I'm not an angel by any stretch of your halo
But I've done the Lord's work and I'm not even on his payroll
I stay low and do my dirt on a sea level
Shoo away the crow while you flirt with the she-devil
Grow up. You're old enough to know that dreams falter
I propose you leave that ego at the alter
The pauper and the prince switch roles
Exchanging tattered clothes and silk robes
The man behind the curtain at the end of the yellow brick road
Shows envy for Geppetto and his one inch nose

If it wasn't for the bass, I wouldn't need these hearing aids
If it wasn't for mistakes, I probably wouldn't be here today
When I came out my momma I was zero
I was zero when I came out my momma, now everybody knows…

I was born into it and before I knew it
I saw the students of poor getting hauled off to war
It's the law of Judas in the land of king's tax
Partake in the Eucharist and then demand your kick backs
Spiritual wrist slap, please pass the sacrament 
Ask if big, bad, black Jesus was African
They're selling a click track but they call it a soul clap
It's all in how you package it. The power of a magic trick
Immaculate concepts are lost in the land of the cross
I'm standing off with a man of the cloth
He knows the ins and outs. All I want is the outs
He's selling real estate for some place in the clouds, but...
I'm not investing in intellectual property
I'm inventing gender bending technology
'Cause maybe everybody needs to just become a sexual oddity
Leaving birth to the test tubes and death to the lottery
There's no one stopping me, I've got to be self-regulating
Wealth is escalating but my poverty was entertaining
Now I'm debating the value of a caste system
Cash back rewards and wars funded by my taxed income
If I'm a part of the problem then pardon me
There's always been a difference between what I am and what I wanna be
It's either Jihadist freak or Jesus scenester
I heard God is coming...and she's a screamer
I couldn't understand what she was telling me
Why everybody thinks that they're their own worst enemy
I followed the manual. I swallowed the skeleton key...
And it unlocked the hell in me
So this is my gift to God.  Ribbon on my dick, like a tourniquet. Syphilis
This is my gift to God.  I'm jumping out the cake. Naked with a shank
This is my gift to God.  Unwrap the package. Confetti made of maggots
This...is my gift. "Ugh, you call that talent? "
Here's your image back. You can have it

10 years ago I was 22.  20 years ago I was 12
30 years ago I was 2.  When I came out my momma I was zero