[Intro]
I, I get money, money is got (I, I get it)
I, I get money, money is got (I, I get it)
I, I get money, money is got (Yeah, yeah)
Money, money is got, money, money is got (I run New York!)
(screeching, gun shots, collision sounds, sirens)

[News Broadcast 1]
The Bronx-born rapper after an early morning shooting in Manhattan, our Ingrid Kelley is standing by in Chelsea with the very latest now, Ingrid
Well good evening Cheryl. It started out as a party at the Pizza Bar, but what took place outside of the Pizza Bar could land a female rapper in trouble with the law. Now her name is Remy Ma and police are waiting for her to come here to this police station right behind me so that they can question her about a shooting

[News Broadcast 2]
Remy Ma allegedly shot a female sitting in a car. Remy Ma then got into an escalade and left the scene and crashed the SUV

[News Broadcast 3 and 4]
Now Remy had a song in 2004 with the Terror Squad called Lean Back. Again police at that police station (inaudible)-  I cannot see my child again. Like do yall understand that I have shows overseas, like, please. Like, I'm supposed to be on my European tour right now

[News Broadcast 5]
But for Remy putting her career on hold is a minimal concern compared to the damage being done to her reputation

[News Broadcast 6 and 7]
Today is May 13th but in the hip-hop world, today is the day that Remy Ma - The Grammy Nominated rapper who's real name is Remy Smith was sentenced today to 8 years in prison for a shooting outside a Chelsea nightclub last summer. Smith could've faced up to 25 years behind bars

[Radio broadcast w/ Angie Martinez and Remy Ma]
You have a BAC prepaid call from Reminisce, an inmate at  Hello?
Rem What's going on?
How are you? I'm fantastic, how are you?
That's what I'm hearing, I'm fantastic too, Rem. It is so good to talk to you man. Excuse me, I'm sorry, can we have a one time for Rem? (clapping) Let's start this off properly, let's start this off properly
So - Alright - so Rem I'm understanding we are 10 days away from you hitting these streets. Uh, in prison lingo it'd be 9 days and a wake-up
(Laughing) Okay good. I can't imagine for you what that feels like. Tell me what you feel like. Um, I-I'm chilling. Like this whole thing I think everybody has been more excited than me. I'm just like "alright." There's a list of things to do. Staff things (inaudible)

[News Broadcast 8]
On Friday afternoon Ms. Info reported that the Bronx rapper Remy Ma was released from the Bedford Hills Facility for Women in New York at around 3 P.M. after serving nearly 7 years in jail. She took to her Instagram for what's most likely the first real post of her own, saying simply, "I'm back." Remy Martin is officially home from jail

[DJ Khaled]
Ayo, Rem. It's DJ Khaled and I just gotta be honest. Rem you know you the truth. Yo Rem you know you special. Rem you come from a special cloth. Rem you know what you gotta do. Rem you know the streets been waiting for you. Rem you got loyal fans, they ride with you. Now you got new fans. Rem you know we family, you know that. You know I work with the best of them, We The Best. And I gotta be honest, it's time to bless the streets with Remy Martin I'm Around Mixtape. Most importantly Rem, you smart, you a genius