[Verse: Remy Ma]
Yeah, they hate, but them hoes know
Remy got the city in a chokehold
I got the slammer by my chooch, yo
It shoot from anywhere; that's a GoPro
Ayo, TT, where them hoes go?
They scared to death for my solo
Quick to smack a hoe, even Joe know
Been doing that since he was spittin' "Flow Joe"
Y'all fuck for free, that pussy promo
Jermaine Dupri; your whole career is so-so
All these bitches pressed in they throat though
Soon as I flip callin' po-po
I be on the same shit as Hov though
Cock back, knock your man of your p-low
Got the red Benz and the green Rov'
I just copped two V's, like Vevo
My husband told me never ever trust a snitch
And you way smarter than them other chicks
Years back, you was on the Most Wanted list
But ever since you came home, you been runnin' shit
And me and Crack just dropped some other shit
Getting more money than the government
Why she can't make another hit?
Scared to come out, I got 'em punishment
Ayo, Pap, who the hell is she?
If she his wife, why she ain't got no wedding ring?
Stripper hoe her diamonds, but she ebony
For my chicks up in the pimp, pour some Hennessy
If that's yo' man, why he step to me?
You don't wanna know what he be tellin' me
He a broke nigga, that's his pedigree
You call him Gregory, I call him Beggary
I don't open jaws for a boy
But I got to war for my boy
The fatty lookin' juicy; Biggie Smalls
All eyes on me; 2Pac Shakur
I'm a boss chick; Ricky Ross
I'ma eat these bitches up, that's a course
My game plan was simple: kill 'em all
Why you think I put these bitches in the morgue?
I just dropped the top on the Porsche
I rock with Benjamin, you fuck with George
Street money richer than the Forbes
This for my scammer bitches in the stores
For my bitches buyin' shit they can't afford
For the dancers gettin' money off the floor
For the bitches in the feds for that fraud
For my chicks in the school study law

[Outro: Young M.A]
OOOUUU, OOOUUU
These haters on my body, shake 'em off
OOOUUU, OOOUUU
Ahhhh, these haters on my body, shake em off
OOOUUU, OOOUUU
These haters on my body, shake 'em off
I could never lose, what you thought?
What they thought?
I could never lose, what you thought?
This Henny got me, it got me sauced
This Henny got me, oh, it got me sauced
I could never lose, what you thought?
M.A got it on lock, man, of course
OOOUUU, OOOUUU