Aye, I'd like to welcome all you motherf**kers, man
To the home of the goons,where the grave yards over crowded
And where chopperz is a must!

Chorus(x's 2)
Get caught slippin' crackers goin find ur ass not breathing
100 holes in your lil' ass with ya body leaking
Nigga ridin with them drums nigga for a reason
Cuz down here we in the middle of murking season!

V1
Stay on your porch, nigga, if u ain't ready to make a shake
Cuz this the home of the bodies check the muder rate
Money and ski's is the only that'll be the murder case
So you better kill him if you don't want him at your court date
If you comin, you better come with em choppers and dont fake
Cuz if you bullshit you the one that get erased
This niggas murkin out pussy niggas in broad day
And where-ever you get caught slippin at that's where you lay
And like they say nigga no face, no case!!
As long as these goons are lurkin these streets ain't safe
The more rounds you shoot nigga the less aim it takes
It's murkin season so you pussies better stay out the way!

Chorus

V2
And murkin Season don't end, this shit year round
It ain't never drop murkin season never slow down
It's imposibble too many choppers floating around
These young niggas they sick with it on that 4 pound!
Lil cuzin 12 and all he talking is murkin now
Old lady said she got woke up by that chopper sound
Say she got under the bed and laid back down
From what I heard em crackers fired 120 rounds
4 motha f**kin dead bodies laying on the ground
Niggas bettin on it now, who goin get off first?
Running ya fuck box better what how u choose u words
And niggas sending threats pussy u got alot of nerves
Niggas'll leave ur motherf**kin brains on the curb
This ain the 80's dawg... niggas getting murked
Everywhere you turn you see dead niggas on t-shirts
Everytime I pass by the graveyard i see a hearse...

Chorus

V3
Not respecting these streets what got you niggas fucked
That pussy nigga ain't bout it, he know how ta play tough
Runnin' your dick sucka fast'll get ya chopped up
I know plenty niggas like you that done got touched
You talking loud cuz you got a chopper nigga that ain't enough
I know 100 niggas wit choppers but only few'll bust!!
You got the mouth for a killa but you ain't got the guts
You got the front game down pat but you ain't got the nuts
You mighta got off before but you ain't wack nothing
This the wrong place to play games dawg the streets real
Trying to impress a mothaf**ker'll get you nigga killed
Murking season is offcial boy this shit for real!!