[Plies talking]
Ay man I heard a couple niggas 'round here..
Who said they don't like me man
And I got a couple niggas 'round here brah...
Who owe me a lil' paper
Niggas ain't answerin' they phones no mo'...
I ain't gon' pull the yappa bra
I'ma tell you how I'mma handle this here man..

[Hook: 2x]
Nigga owe me some money... he ain't gotta pay me
Got somethin' for you fuck niggas who playa hatin'
Nigga claiming he don't like me.. but it's all gravy
Keep playin' wit me and I'mma fuck ya ol' lady

[Verse 1:]
Make yo bitch leave home and don't come back
Sit her down in that chevy and change her whole life
Make her hang in the hood and watch me shoot dice
And take her back to the crib..
And fuck her on fifty stacks...
Fo' you play with me dawg, you betta get it right
I'm telling you straight up homie, I'm playin' real trife
Walk up straight in the club nigga... wit yo wife
And make her dance in front of me while I drink yak
And let her and her homegirls rock all night
And just to piss you off, Ima let her throw a stack
And everytime you see her..
I'ma dress her in something tight..
And when you start to miss her
I'ma make you buy her back
And let her push the whip while I sit in the back
And make yo ho sleep naked wit me all night
And put hickies all over her nigga.. cause thats what she likes
Keep playing with me nigga and I'll fuck up ya WHOLE life

[Hook: 2x]
Nigga owe me some money... he ain't gotta pay me
Got somethin' for you fuck niggas who playa hatin'
Nigga claiming he don't like me.. but it's all gravy
Keep playin' wit me and I'mma fuck ya ol' lady

[Verse 2]
I don't want ya side ho... nigga I want ya main bitch
The one you call babe, the one you in love with
Make yo ho..pack yo shit
And make her call you right now and tell you it's over with
Before she hang up the phone
She gon' tell you she Plies bitch
And when you call her back, have her number switched
And I'mma fuck her everyday until I get her thick
And make her put my name on her nails and shit
And keep her hair did for her and full of dick
I might move her out the hood, nigga, just to pick
I know how to make you niggas lose weight real quick
And have you walking 'round this bitch looking real sick
I'll have you ass embarrassed, hanging around your own clique
I'ma make you call me nigga and say "Plies I quit!"
I'ma tell you I'm countin' money, so I'll hit you back jit
And hang right up the phone and lay on yo bitch

[Hook: 2x]
Nigga owe me some money... he ain't gotta pay me
Got somethin' for you fuck niggas who playa hatin'
Nigga claiming he don't like me.. but it's all gravy
Keep playin' wit me and I'mma fuck ya ol' lady