{chorus}

Got to take risk
Only way to make it ot this shit
Got to take risk
Cus consequences always on exist
Got to take risk
X4

{verse}

A nigga come from a place where the grass werent green
The mayo wernt right
And the police weren't clean failure and hard times only thing
Niggas seen only thing niggas owned was choppas and triple beams
When yo ass sleeping on the floor you tend to have different dreams
When you grow up without shit you wish for different things. I aways wanted shit
That I knew weren't in my range prison and selling dope was things I could've tamed
Growing up black and broke them facts that still remain situation I was borned into I could never change
Mama was trying hard daddy was smoking things. I thought it was normal my friend was going through the
Same thing. white man told me "being rich ain't all it seems" I told his ass "being broke is exactally what it seems"
Martin Luther King JR said that he had a dream but looking back at it shit it must been a .... dream

{chorus}

{verse}

Some niggas sell dope some people working jobs some muther fuckers go to school and some people
Wait on god. common denominator they all gone tell his heart some people never begin because they
Don't know where to start. 10 years straight my homie sat in the same yard he think it's gone come to him
Scared to go for it. taking the big risk sometimes come big rewards the niggas who make it out sometimes have the biggest
Hearts I don't give a fuck how you get it all of it I applaud you never move forward in life my nigga if your shit in park
Some niggas who filthy rich never was book smart some niggas figure it out the hustle the biggest part. Sometimes falling down is the shit you
Can't afford that's why I always sympathize for most nigga behind bars some niggas who make it willing to risk the charge
Whatever you choose to do in life JUST GO HARD!!!

{CHORUS}

{verse}

Only way to survive in this world is to have a hustle. Broke plus no help shit that equals trouble
Niggas' takig more chances now then they did ever being alive in this world my nigga it come with pressure
Financial in the whole could lead to tragic measures. Most of the storm's that come most people can't weather
Three kids on her own old man off in prison your ass better make a move you can't keep on wishing

{chorus}