[Intro: DJ Scream]

That’s the problem with some of you rap niggas
Is y’all niggas is just makin’ music
I salute my nigga Plies, he makin’ statements!
Words that touches peoples’ lives
Words that touches peoples’ emotions
How real is that?


[Hook: Plies]

Wanna ask the government: Why y’all hate us so much?
Wanna ask the other color: Why y’all hate us so much?
Wanna ask the law: Why y’all hate us so much?
Wanna ask the prosecuter: Why y’all hate us so much?


[Verse: Plies]

Is it our skin color, or is it the way we talk?
You hate us cause we us, or you hate us cause we folk?
Is it the way we live, or is it the way we walk?
We never had shit, so it can’t be nothin’ we bought
This shit y’all took us through, prolly the reason we off
Our pride we still got it; only thing we ain’t lost
Defending ourselves – shit – that was something we was taught
We’ve been through the roughest times, but all of it ain’t our fault
Wish I could add up the years in prison our peoples’ve caught
The government distributed, we ain’t really have a choice
Your peoples go to college, my peoples go to court
Your peoples born with money, my peoples born broke
Your peoples lived in mansions, my peoples hung from ropes
Your peoples had it made, all my peoples had was hope
Your peoples had help, all my peoples heard was “no”
My peoples thought about it, your peoples cut our throats
Respect we had for one another – shit – it wasn’t even close
We had to entertain, that was our only open door
If we wanted to make it, we had to rap, sing or try sports
We couldn’t afford a full ride – shit – my people poor
My people ain’t mad, your people hate us, though
But we’re the ones strugglin’, so why y’all hate us for?
The police want us bad, the judge hate us more
The jury think we’re guilty ‘fore we come through the door
And y’all ‘ll take our money, but y’all won’t help us, though
And y’all biggest fear, is to see our people grow
But our biggest fear, is dyin’ ‘fore we turn twenty-four
And every law that’s passed, ‘s designed to sink us more
And every time we go to jail, y’all get paid, though
But when we ask for money, y’all slam the door
They say our president’s black, but we can’t tell, though
We only got ourselves, now that’s what’s real, though
I know y’all hate our guts, that’s how y’all feel, though
But y’all ain’t got to like us, just let us live, though
And cause we’ black, bruh, don’t mean we steal, though
And cause we’ from the ghetto, don’t mean we dumb, bro
We’ just as smart as y’all, but y’all don’t want the world to know
But all we want to know: Why y’all hate us so much?
Why y’all hate us so much? Why y’all hate us so much?
All we wanna know: Why y’all hate us so much?
Why y’all hate us so much? Why