Wanna ask the government, why yall hate us so much ?
Wanna ask the other color, why yall hate us so much?
Wanna ask the law, why yall hate us so much?
Wanna ask the prosecutor, why yall hate us so much?
Is it our skin color? Or is it the way we talk?
You hate us cause we us? Or you hate us cause we fought?
Is it the way we live? Or is it the way we walk?
We never had shit, so it can't be nothing we bought
The shit yall took us through, probably the reason we off
Our pride we still got it, the only thing we ain't lost
Defending ourselves (shit) that was something we was taught
Done been through the roughest times, but all of it ain't our fault
Wish I can add up the years in prison our peoples caught
The government, the strippers, we ain't really have a choice
Your peoples go to college, mine peoples go to court
Yo peoples was born with money, my peoples was born broke
Yo peoples lived in mansions, my peoples hung from ropes
Yo peoples had it made, all my peoples had was hope
Yo peoples had help, all my peoples heard was NO
My peoples thought about it, yo peoples cut our throats
The respect we had for one another shit wasn't even close
We had to entertain that was our only open door
If we wanted to make it, we had to rap, sang, or try sports
We couldn't afford a full ride, shit my people poor
My people ain't mad, yo people hates us though
But we the one who struggling, so why yall hate us for?
The police want us bad
The judge hate us more
The jury think we guilty, before we come through the door
And yall take our money, but yall won't help us though
And yall biggest fear is to see my people grow
But our biggest fear is too die before we turn 24
In every lawyers past, design to sank us more
And every time we go to jail, yall get paid though
But when we ask for money, yall slam the door
They say our president black, but we can't tell though
We only got ourselves, now that's what's real though
I know yall hate our guts, that's how yall feel though
But yall ain't gotta like us, just let us live though
And cause we black bruh, don't mean we steal though
And just cause we from the ghetto, don't be mean we dumb bro
We just as smart as ya'll, but ya'll don't want the world to know
But all we wanna know,why ya'll hate us so much? (why ya'll hate us so much?)(why ya'll hate us so much?)
All we wanna know,why ya'll hate us so much? (why ya'll hate us so much?)(why ya'll hate us so much?)
All we wanna know...