Intro:
See they don't want to see you get money youngin
They want to see you doing like them
See everybody love you, till you doing better
So you know what you gotta do in return
Well I'm saying you know what you gotta do in return woe
Don't Let em Breath

Verse:
Half my city cho cha, niggas going loca
Now everybody love the coca
Identity crisis, raising my prices, when it comes to flows nigga I'm nicest
Outside of Rozay ain't nobody in my city fucking with me
If a nigga got some pressure come and get me, Cause I'm gon put this instrumental out
I'm a let a couple ride, I'm a kill they flows a rapper homicide. (Cheaaa)
Capo of my squad can't you tell, I done been to hell and been to jail
I was in the cell, I was up the road without a bail. Came home and hit my jeweler on the cell
What you told em Mike. New watch, new ring, new chains. Man I do this for my partners in the chain gang
For the dough I had to go, I was hustling and ain't nobody know. Had to get it though

Hook:
If a nigga owe you money and he paying back on time. Don't Let em Breath
If some people hating on you, homie focus and just triple up your grind. Don't Let em Breath
When them hoes ain't trying to holler, get money lil homie you gon shine. Don't Let em Breath
Taking risk for the dollar, for the paper man I'm down to do the time. Don't Let em Breath

Verse 2:
Let me break it down, I'm a take it back a couple years
I'm a show you I was getting, You was watching gangland
Trying to be a nigga that you ain't, homie I was really with the pound. (Better let em know)
Diablo flows, I'm colossal. Picture painted perfect Picasso
Listen to Honcho, bars hit like Hector Camacho ain't nobody fucking with Capo. (Better let em know)
Radio gon blame me for my Intellect, all the bullshit I got to intercept. (Cheaaa)
Everybody stunting for the internet, I'm bringing back the rap time to resurrect
Niggas rapping semi-auto this, semi-auto that but they ain't never strap
Where them guns? I see none of that
I get it off the muscle and I love it, my niggas made some millions of a thuggin
What you talking bout

Hook:
If a nigga owe you money and he paying back on time. Don't Let em Breath
If some people hating on you, homie focus and just triple up your grind. Don't Let em Breath
When them hoes ain't trying to holler, get money lil homie you gon shine. Don't Let em Breath
Taking risk for the dollar, for the paper man I'm down to do the time. Don't Let em Breath

Outro:
This that get money at all cost music
This that do what you gotta do music
This that Fuck them do you music
See what Im saying
You can't worry bout nobody out chea
You gotta do you
When them niggas talking, they running they lip. Don't Let em Breath
They talking to much, they hating on ya. Don't Let em Breath
Your baby mama acting up, giving you pressure. Don't Let em Breath
We out chea
You know what it is, It's Voodoo Muzik, It's Extendo Muzik. Its Reloaded Muzik
I'm out chea
You already know what it go by. Gmuzik

Hook:
If a nigga owe you money and he paying back on time. Don't Let em Breath
If some people hating on you, homie focus and just triple up your grind. Don't Let em Breath
When them hoes ain't trying to holler, get money lil homie you gon shine. Don't Let em Breath
Taking risk for the dollar, for the paper man I'm down to do the time. Don't Let em Breath