Bieber
Serena Williams
Bieber

Kool baby, vision game crazy
The light Jay-Z, nah the light Ye maybe
Nah wait, the white Drake nah jokes
The brown broke Rozay, no way
Probably more along the lines of young Jose
Canseco
Pero mas Mac Dre though
Slave name Victor Vazquez
Ask this kid no questions, I'll tell you no answers
Pour a little out for the souls of the dads of the pretty ho dancers
Climbing ladders and MC Hammers
Kool A.D. sprinkle me
Moves like Jagger
Smooth like criminal
Fools think they rude subliminal
Not even in the mood to deal with you
Dude I think I'm true spiritual
Negro, blanco, zebra macho
Bald, chemo
Cheap street fighter like Blanka
Ya'll a bunch of toys - Tonka
Shit stains, manchas
Listen to my mantra
Listen to your poppa and your momma
But wait wait yo
Also listen to your karma
Listen to your sister and your brother and your cousin and your other fam
And to me - the other man
I Zimbra, I'm just trying to live bruh

(Have a good time with G-O-D)
Not even trying to win bruh
If I was trying I'd of been bruh
Let me say it again - I Zimbra
A soft soul but still rugged as a timb
Plus I'm dunking on these fools and they can't even touch the rim
Dude you buggin if you think you touching Kool, you ain't fuckin with him
And I don't even play basketball
Plus it wasn't really in the plan to even rap at all
I was trying to be a novelist
But who fuckin reads books? Be honest
A lot of knowledge from college is a mirage, you need to see beyond it
This track is like a mattress in the hood and ya'll sleeping on it
Modern day Shakespeare, peep the sonnets
Peep how I hook the little seeds on ebonics
My phonics is sonic - half pyrite, half onyx
Ya'll full of shit like colonics
How did these times come upon us?
And what's beyond this?
Look upon your life with fondness, I think it would be a pretty good idea

(Have a good time with G-O-D)
Attention lame artists!
Look my invention game flawless - Thomas
Edison, couldn't con this
Ellison, couldn't see this
Wilde asleep, couldn't dream this
See me eating venison in Switzerland
Please believe and understand and feel this realness
Try this eel from the sea, a Japanese man cut it with a knife
Do you love it? It's nice
Do you love your fuckin life?
See me buzz up above the strife
Plus I know my flow is foolish
17 and Martin King, yeah let's do this
And all that, I'm a dog ya'll cats and mallrats
And I don't even rap about gats and all that
What you want to call that? Fall back
Ya'll flat - like small racks
Me I'm rack city, rap city bohemian
Itty bitty titty committee want to breed me in
Don't even recall how many demons I put semen in
But every devil is a fallen angel
So the saying goes
Punchlines, power moves I'm playing those
Race cards, trading those, race car
Nascar, fast car, crack of dawn
Gazing at the last star

Abstract, abstract

Mulatto Franz Kafka
You couldn't see me believe me I'm Jimmy Hoffa
Shouting out freeze to the officer like, nah
You under arrest though!
Fill all the prisons with cops and let the rest go
Look at all the children in the Costco
Kool A.D. the new god flow
Pablo Picasso, I'm an asshole

Abstract, abstract