[Intro Dialogue]
Homeboy 1: Hey, there goes that mother fucker Kid Frost. (whistle)
Homeboy 2: Hey Frost come here, ese!
Frost: What's up?
Homeboy 1: Hey what's up, holmes?
Homeboy 2: What's up, how you doing?
Lady: Hey guys!
Little Girl: Hi Guys!!!
Homeboys 1,2, and Frost: Hey what's up?
Lady: Hi Guys!
Homeboy 2 - Hey Frost I want to introduce you to one of the homeboys from the neighborhood. This is Little School
School, that's Kid Frost
Frost: What's up, holmes?
Little School: Hey Frost, bust an old school jam!
Frost : Alright little homie, yeah. Heh Heh!

[Verse 1: Frost]
Q-vo, aqui estoy, yeah it's the big boy
Down with the homegirls, down with the homeboys
Kicking back, listening to a Huggy Boy rola
Waiting for the night to hit so we can find some cholas
I told you I'll come back in nine tray
Bumping in my six tray
Cruising in the calle
I gots my parle, horale ese
Cause when I do it, I do it all day (all day)
And then I come back again
With another stack to spin
On all my friends
And now I get my gangster roll on
Brand new clothes on and so on and so on
And now I need to beat the flow on
Here it is right here Frost man go on
Yeah it's smoke going out with a bang
Cause it ain't nothing but a family thing, yeah

[Chorus: Rich Garcia]
It's a family affair
It's a family affair
It's a family affair
It's a family affair

[Verse 2: Frost]
Oye vato (What's up loco?)
Check out the style of my vocal
And take a look and see what the cab dropped in
One big bad ass mexican
And I'm ready for anyone, down for anything
And I can pass any test that many bring
Vatos wanna know where I'm from
I'm from the varrio East Los Aztlan
And ain't no nieghborhood can mess with that
Cause it ain't where your from it's where you're at, now
Chavalillos in the park after dark
And the hoodlums run scared when the dogs bark, so
Get out the nieghborhood and don't look back
Because I cut no slack when I'm holding a tech
And it's all about backing up your last name
We in the same game, it's a family thing

[Chorus: Rich Garcia]
It's a family affair (Me and la familia)
It's a family affair (Always)
It's a family affair (Together forever)
It's a family affair (Ooh yeah)

[Verse 3: Frost]
Kid Frost back and I'm down
And my familia is anyone whose skin is brown
Rancheros and the trucks so the grey vans
Taggers in the alley with a bag full of spraycans
Here come the jura gotta bail out
And even them coconut cops bug they sell out
The cholos, the cholas who ain't soft
It's the mean mafioso gangster Frost
Coming at ya, don't try to slam me
Cause mexicans always got a big ass family
The quetes, the valas, the Chevy Impalas
The gang bang cycles with the media collars
So if you're brown you're down, so stay proud
And remember no busters allowed
Cause the mexican people is a big ass gang, yeah
It's a family thing, huh

[Chorus: Rich Garcia]
It's a family affair (Hey now now yeah)
It's a family affair (Me and my familia)
It's a family affair (It's a family affair)
It's a family affair (La la la la la la la)
It's a family affair (Kicking it with the homegirls)
It's a family affair (Kicking it with the homeboys)
It's a family affair (All night, all night, all day, all day)
It's a family affair (All day, having a good time, yeah)
It's a family affair (Eeeee)
It's a family affair (En la familia)
It's a family affair (Together, together)
It's a family affair (Forever, always)
It's a family affair