[Produced by The Real Richie Rich & Will Roc]

Ya estuvo? You're stupid!
Ya estuvo, holmes - Ya estuvo!
So what do that mean?
Man, I ain't got time to xplain that to you right now cause I'm running this one down for other latinos in the house
Hey look man, you gotta at-least tell me what ya estuvo mean, what do that mean?
Man ya estuvo means that's it, that's all, it's all over for you, man
Ya estuvo!"

Listen to the words and pay attention
There is no better style in the *corazon? that I mention
See I'm going up I'm gonna fly like a plane
And you can't stop the plane or *action train?
See I have the power to provoke a opposition
Who's waving up to battle me for this position
You're not gonna win, you're a sissy so let's do this
My mouth's like a gun that's gonna fill you full of bullets
If you're my adversary listen to what I'm saying
I'm living positive not negative in any way and
I'm loving what I'm doing
Cause I'm saying what I'm feeling
Everything that I'm saying is a fact, it's all real
I believe in my self that's why I'm here today
Not everything was easy who said it'd be that way
If you don't change now - the harder it'll get
If you don't wanna listen to me
You'll suffer and thats it!
Ya Estuvo!

Oh, so it's like that? Yeah that's kinda dope."
Well watch this, man I'm gonna bust this one on the switch move - for all the biolengual people in the house, ya'll know what time it is, uh!*Spanish of which meaning is halfly under my subconcious, and some parts I percieve

Ya estuvo huh? Ya estuvo?
Yeah, that's right Will, ya estuvo - that means that's it, it's all over
Oh, okay. Well do this then - take your next *8 bars?(lyrical rows?) to the south of the border, and serve it up in Spanish
Yeah, aight man, you bet

Spanish of which meaning is halfly under my subconcious, and some parts I percieve
Aight hold it... Hold it... Hold it! That was fly - now bust it in English

One more time in English I'll tell ya this
Straight from L.A. coming direct that is
And no I don't lie because I'm honest and true
Yes my style of rappin' gets respect from you
See the guys think they're wise
But the women are always screaming
And everybody's dancing
Noone seems to be sitting
Yes that's what happens with the number one hit
You listen to the music and dance and that's it
YA ESTUVO!

Haha, yeah! Kid frost definately in effect - bringing you the funkiest sound for the 90's... Ha-haaaa, yeaahh!
Ya estuvo! That's it!