[Spoken Intro: Andy & Bridget]
Hello?
Hi, this is Bridget, should I come over later?
I'm sorry, I don't know a Bridget
Well, that's not what you said when you hugged me last night
Ha! You think we're an item just because I gave you a hug? Trick, you better think again!

[Intro: Andy & Pharrell]
Come here, give me a hug
Come here, give me a hug
Come here, give me a hug
Come here, give me a hug
We are not gentlemen!

[Verse 1: Andy, Jorma, & Pharrell]
Yo, I'll hug a girl like it don't mean nothin'
Then turn around and start huggin' her cousin
I don't love 'em, end of the fuckin' discussion
Got 'em tucked between my wings like Thanksgivin' stuffin', hugged!
She wanna hug from behind, I did it (did it)
Then her friend jump in, I'm wit' it (wit' it)
I hug 'em tighter than a tube top
After that, it's just a matter of time before the other shoe drop (yeah, yeah)
'Cause I get more hugs than Oprah selling drugs
And the drug was pure X, no marriage, no sex
Just hugs

[Chorus: Pharrell]
Don't get mad, girl, we get mad girls
And we're hugging all over the world
So don't catch feelings, it ain't love
We're just the kings of giving out hugs
And if you wanna settle down
You know you got us all wrong
So we move to the next one, no disrespect, hon
But you can't hug a rolling stone

[Verse 2: Andy, Jorma, & Pharrell]
You can't hug a rolling stone 'cause it'll crush you
Begging me to hug you again? That's when I shush you
On an airplane, at a Knick game
Feel the same damn thing when I hug them (ha!)
Which is nothing, can't trust them
Lose all respect when I hug them
Now guess who's back in the motherfucking house
With a fat hug for your sweater and your blouse
Hugged so many ladies, arms shaky and shit
Because I'm the Wilt Chamberlain of the upper-body grip (hugs!)
'Cause I get more hugs than a batch of puppy pugs
Sitting on a fluffy rug, getting tickled, touchy-rubbed (oh, shit!)
Real talk, like you chatting with a fisherman
Wrap these chicks up like a motherfucking swisher, man
(Hugs)

[Chorus: Pharrell]
This ain't love girl, 'cause this hug world (world)
Is just a big Game of Thrones
We the king of the castle, got arms like a lasso
But you can't hug a rolling stone

[Bridge: Pharrell & Jorma]
I be hugging on your mama, especially when your daddy's gone
Wearing his pajamas, I know you thinking that is wrong
I don't care what's under, I'm concentrating on her back
I just wanna hug your mama in her Subaru Hatchback

[Verse 3: Pharrell, Jorma, & Andy]
Put her in a fingerfold, yes, I'm a hug gigolo
Now she tells her Tupperware friends to let their sisters know
That I give more hugs than Atlas had shrugs
Rest my head on her shoulder while your man mean mugs
We get hugs

[Chorus: Pharrell]
We had fun, girl, but don't get sprung, girl (oh)
Just because I hugged you raw (hugged you raw)
We can do a group thing, bring Sarah and Susan (Susan)
And we can have a hug-a-trois (hug-a-trois)
So quit trying to own my hugs
I gave you these arms on loan, so come give me a hug
The waistline and above, when push come to shove
You can't hug a rolling stone

[Outro: Pharrell]
Come here, give me a hug
Come here, give me a hug
Come here, give me a hug
Come here, give me a hug
Huggy Bear P, bitches