[Intro: Jhené Aiko & Swae Lee]
Yeah, oh, oh
Yeah

[Chorus: Swae Lee]
Why you make it so complicated?
Off the drink, we concentratin'
I know you won't leave me hangin'
Smokin' weed out the container
We spend cash for entertainment
There's more where that came from, that's all I'm sayin'
It's me and you, and we makin' arrangements
It's you and me, and we makin' arrangements

[Verse 1: Jhené Aiko]
Is it hot in here or is it just me?
I'm so high in here, been smokin' on this weed
Told 'em, "Go on, take a shot on three"
Told 'em, "Drinks is on me"
Yeah, the drinks are on me
I said, "Now go and take a shot on me"
Only drug a bitch is on is the tree
But I lasted ten rounds like a freak
Like a G

[Pre-Chorus: Jhené Aiko]
Get ready (oh, yes, I'm ready)
Now we're on (and if we're on)
I said I'm ready (I said I'm ready)
Hold the phone (please, hold the phone)
Get ready (oh, please, get ready)
I am on one (oh, I am on one)
Where you be at? (where you gon' be at?)
Later on (later on)

[Chorus: Swae Lee & Jhené Aiko]
Why you make it so complicated?
Off the drink, we concentratin'
I know you won't leave me hangin'
Smokin' weed out the container
We spend cash for our entertainment
There's more where that came from, that's all I'm sayin'
It's me and you and we makin' arrangements
It's you and me and we makin' arrangements

[Verse 2: Jhené Aiko & Slim Jxmmi]
I'll keep it simple, baby
I'ma keep it simple with you, baby
You know I don't ever play no games
You know I don't ever complicate it
Got me feelin' some type of way
Concentratin', concentratin' on the way
You keep the rhythm
Oh my God, I'm glad you came
You came through with that sativa
Indica be havin' me stuck (yeah)
You know just how to keep me up (yeah, yeah, yeah)
You know it, better believe it

[Pre-Chorus: Jhené Aiko]
Get ready (oh, yeah, get ready)
Now we're on (oh-oh we're on)
I said I'm ready (oh, yeah, I'm ready)
Hold the phone (hold the phone)
Get ready (get ready)
I am on one (I am on one)
Where you be at? (where you gon' be at?)
Later on (later on)

[Chorus: Swae Lee, Jhené Aiko & Slim Jxmmi]
Why you make it so complicated?
Off the drink, we concentratin'
I know you won't leave me hangin'
Smokin' weed out the container
We spend cash for entertainment
There's more where that came from, that's all I'm sayin'
It's me and you, and we makin' arrangements (Jxm')
It's you and me, and we makin' arrangements (ayy, yeah, yeah)

[Verse 3: Slim Jxmmi]
I put your body on ice (ice)
I put your ass on a flight (flight)
Only drank, and you know how to be
You know how it get on that V.S.O.P. (V.S.O.P., yeah)
Can't hide your true colors from me, nah (Jxm')
I'm on them indicas, I can't even lie, I'm feelin' 'em (I can't even lie, I'm feelin' 'em)
She ain't into them guys, who do it miniature (who do it miniature)
I didn't mean to keep on waitin' (I didn't mean to keep on waitin')
I hope I reach your expectations (I hope I reach your expectations)
Aye

[Chorus: Swae Lee & Jhené Aiko]
Why you make it so complicated? (why you make it so complicated?)
Off the drink, we concentratin' (off the drink, we concentratin')
I know you won't leave me hangin' (I know, I know)
Smokin' weed out the container (we smoke, we smoke)
We spend cash for entertainment (yeah, yeah, yeah)
There's more where that came from, that's all I'm sayin'
It's me and you, and we makin' arrangements (me and you, me and you, me and you)
It's you and me, and we makin' arrangements (you and me, you and me, you and me)

[Outro: Swae Lee]
Dive in that, I'ma really dive in that
Dive in that, mmm, I'ma dive in that
Dive in that, mmm, let me dive in that
Dive in that, mmm, I'm gon' dive in that
Dive in that