[Intro: Havoc]
No doubt

[Verse 1: Havoc]
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust
Stainless steel gats, they never rust, fit to bust
You get touched, blessed with the real side of life
Just enough, you couldn't fight it with your strongest mic
Laid down nigga eyes, visualize bad reception
Major interference shoot your upper body section
I travel like a two-two bullet, throughout your body
Repped to the fullest, Queensbridge representin'
Presentin', the hollow tip crew
Loose lips sink ships, you talk shit I follow through
Once the kite is sent, I might get bent but still planted
No second thoughts, 'cause my conscience is demandin'
For the bloodshed (bloodshed), I leave that mug red (mug red)
I'm like cancer can't catch me cause I done spread (done spread)
Doorknob dead, enough said from the scene I fled
With the paranoid thoughts runnin' round my head
It's like that, war, project niggas strike back
It's on, what the fuck you said? I'll be right back
With the gat, and temper, end your motherfuckin' era
Your shorty set you up you better dead her
Hunger for the cheddar, big Benz or better
Armeretto sours, alcohol assumption
While you, runnin' we thumpin'
Due to the fact The Infamous is bumpin'
Ice grill, son you frontin'

[Chorus: Mobb Deep]
It's like that, war, project niggas strike back
It's on - what the fuck you said? I'll be right back
It's like that, war, project niggas strike back
It's on - what the fuck you said I'll be right back
It's like that, war, project niggas strike back
It's on - what the fuck you said I'll be right back
It's like that, war, project niggas strike back
It's on - what the fuck you said I'll be right back

[Verse 2: Prodigy]
Welcome to the fact that, here take that
Right back at you, I'm goin at Duke, already ran through
Wasn't hard to capture, what is it that your goin' after?
(What is it what is it?) My forty-fifth'll make your clothes damper
Put in the hamper, the fabulous Infamous movin' stainless
Crimes heinous, to all my niggas hold your bangers
Live in action, if you were dapped then relax then
The fuck you said? I'll be right back with MACs then
Blastin', tearin' up your Fila fashion
Give him what he askin', fill you in on what happened
Back at the cabin, be at the round table plannin'
To spread team across planet, expand shit
Slap a nigga open handedly style, somethin' foul
For tryin' to slow down, my cash pile a hundred miles (so what)
I can recall the days, juvenile crime pays
Fourteen years old, shorty from round way
Brick-ass cold, still pump from night to day
But why did my life have to be this way?
I rock Velour suits, flavors like mixed fruits
My loot give recoup, razors in my shoe
'Case they try to troop me to the Island
I'm known for start whylin'
Back in New York, my soldiers got the cash pildin'
Peep this, throwin' blows on some nose and teeth shit
So much drama, who the fuck knows we got beef with?
Lift you up off your feet like ski lift
Pull back the big fifth for niggas who riff, them niggas you with
Then I'm on the next flight, gettin' bent in the clouds
On my way down South for international crowds

[Interlude: Prodigy]
Word up, word up son, we gotta get this motherfuckin' money kid
Knahmsayin? What up kid? Fuck that son

[Chorus &  Prodigy  ]
It's like that, war, project niggas strike back
It's on - what the fuck you said? I'll be right back
It's like that, war, project niggas strike back (fuck that, yo)
It's on - what the fuck you said? I'll be right back (word to mother yo)
It's like that, war, project niggas strike back (infamous, nigga)
It's on - what the fuck you said? I'll be right back (infamous)

[Outro: Prodigy]
Black Mac word up, word up, yo the maxin', pump relaxin'
Check it out son, word up, project niggas strike Back