[Intro: Nyce]
Yeah, it's the Unit man. Nobody do it like we do it, you know I'm saying? Straight G's nigga, G's up nigga. Infamous Mobb Deep, nigga. Y'all know what time it is, man. We clip up over here, nigga. What's your name, fool?

[Hook: Prodigy]
Capital P, Bandana P, V-I-P, M-V-P
R-S-V-P or R-I-P, V-S-O-P, A-S-A-P
P-C-P, P get PC
With the hoes, first they gotta come bless me
I'm, heaven's gift, heavy on the wrist
Heavy on the waist, memorise what I say so

[Verse 1: Prodigy]
When this shit goes down
You won't be surprised how this shit turns out
I'm a gangsta, you try my hand and get cut
And Hav by the raft for the AK, dunn
I'm a menace, a millionaire, rich and I'm ruthless
You got plans at getting at P, don't do it
I'm a terror, white people call me black hearted nigga
My baby mom's left me, cause she couldn't put up
With my foul attitude, I'm so fucked up
And I love it, it got me to where I'm at dunn
If I had it to do over, I wouldn't change a thing
I would still shoot at world and his mom'z for that chain
I would still get cut and would still catch a fade
By the older thugs around the way (What?)
I would still get cut and would still catch a fade
By the older thugs around the way (What's your name, fool?)

[Hook]
Capital P, Bandana P, V-I-P, M-V-P
R-S-V-P or R-I-P, V-S-O-P, A-S-A-P
And (H-A-V, H get piecy
With your hoes, first they gotta come bless me
I'm, heaven's gift, heavy on the wrist
Heavy on the waist memorise what I say)

[Verse 2: Havoc]
This is '06, '07, '08
You old school? Fuck out my face
Who cares if you pioneered rap
Now these rich little bastards got it on smash
We a new breed, not from the same game
Cut from the same cloth not from the same vein
If money ain't flying out your mouth from talking
Then no comprende, your language is foreign
If your body language don't calm down humbly
Homicide homie if you move too suddenly
And don't fidget with your fingers
Cause we would take that for a gang sign nigga
Revenge is food that tastes best served cold
But we like it better when it's fresh off the stove
You could get keep your things, we want your soul
So hot, even Satan gotta go (What's your name, fool?)

[Hook: Havoc]
Capital H-A-V-O-C
H class diamonds, H-S-B-C
H killing all these producers with his beats
Back seat of the H-3 you H-O-E
H-A-V, H get PC
With your hoes, first they gotta come bless me
I'm, heaven's gift, heavy on the wrist
Heavy on the waist memorise what I say