[Verse 1: Lloyd Banks]
Music Molotov microphone manipulator
Full blown baller baby, he in a incubator
Red laser on any infiltrator
Comin' with' that bullshit nigga, you leave a cripple hater
3rd times the charm, that means triple paper
All kinds of Dom, Moet and liquor major
And it's the underrated, most hated
My thoughts are R-rated horror reincarnated
Uh, Criminal ties and gray skies
Concrete cries and steak knives, anything to stay alive
Money fuels, ya drive, life's materialized
Ain't no more wives, just slides
Learn to improvise
Keep the necessary push the rest to the side
I ball for my niggas that's locked up or died
One phone call and they'll pop up and ride
Corner to corner, it reeks of Marijuana
Possibilities jealousy and drama, and close friends lyin'
Ya destinies designed penalties a crime
Niggas gotta grind and keep they enemies in line
Rock Stars and chopped cars
We don't buy cups, we buy bars! And ain't nobody got jobs
We don't get married, we menage
Shouldn't make it far if you add up all the odds

[Hook: Lloyd Banks (Havoc)]
Pockets full of green; green weed, green Jag
Green Gang nigga, clean mag, green rag!
Green thumb counting money till I'm numb
Niggas think repercussions funny till it come
We trust none; gun running through the slum, one
Hundred rounded drum, come around here acting dumb
Green movie, green Bent, green light (H-A-V-O'!)
Green makes the baddest thing seem right!

[Verse 2: Havoc]
Yo Banks them niggas funny if you ask me, they Martin
Laugh now, cry later, 9's aimed at they noggin
And I ain't talkin 'bout the channel that the kids watch
Foul shit, same shit, that almost got Kiss knocked
And all kinda money stuffed up in the duffle bags
Settle down, not even with the pussy that Usher had
The grass greener over here, she wanna jump the fence
Fuck the crew; first she said no, I'm like fuck her then
And if it ain't us who the fuck you suckin' then?
They broke, we rich, you know I gotta rub it in
At the crap table hopin' that ya luck spin
Life kickin' ass like ya ass got blooded in
My life is good, it's like I'm lookin' through another lens
Green days! What you niggas know about the publishin'?
And if you don't know, you'll never know; fuck 'em then
H-A-V-O', Blue Hef, It's us again!

[Hook: Lloyd Banks]
Pockets full of green; green weed, green Jag
Green Gang nigga, clean mag, green rag!
Green thumb counting money till I'm numb
Niggas think repercussions funny till it come
We trust none; gun running through the slum, one
Hundred rounded drum come around here acting dumb
Green movie, green Bent, green light
Green makes the baddest thing seem right

[Verse 3: Cormega]
I play NBA Live while niggas play live and get kilt, wearin' they shine
They I'll in the rhymes but I ain't really feelin' they lives
So I pay 'em no mind
Time is money; I ain't waistin no time
I came home with staygreens with' plans to make green
Did dirt; but what it's worth now I stay clean
Niggas hate but it don't make or break me
My daughter wore Bathing Apes since the age 3
My city never sleep, so I day dream
If Big' never died; who the fuck would claim king?
Think deep, lyrically Banks and me
Get busy like niggas in the bing with beef
The jewels blurred my vision now I'm able to see
The greatest luxury in life is bein able to breathe
I speak the truth!
Like the debut from Beanie in the booth, very few niggas can see me, uh!

[Hook: Lloyd Banks]
Pockets full of green; green weed, green Jag
Green Gang nigga, clean mag, green rag
Green thumb counting money till I'm numb
Niggas think repercussions funny till it come
We trust none; gun running through the slum, one
Hundred rounded drum, come around here acting dumb
Green movie, green Bent, green light
Green makes the baddest thing seem right