[Intro: (Prodigy) and Big Noyd]
That's my word, God! Kick that thug shit, God
Kick that motherfuckin thug shit, man! Word up, man
(What's up, son? What's up?) Word up, kicko?
(No doubt, nigga!) Money no represent, knowI'msayin?
(All the time, baby) No doubt (YouknowI'msayin?)
(Who we got here, son?) Shine, baby, shine
Look (Look who we have here, yo!) up in the sky...sky

[Verse 1: Prodigy]
Here come the vultures, the Mobb-laced potent rap shit
Perhaps, kid, make it happen, start the flipping
You fucking comic, who you kidding?
My nigga's laughing, blood bathin', the world's greatest
In-famous crimes heinous
To interfere would be dangerous
Plain and simp', stand clear, save your strength
You couldn't go the length if you was coked up
Bombazee'd up, whatever the fuck
Who gives a fuck? You get fucked
My coalition specialize in collision
The clash of the cliques
The duel of the iron MAC spit
And leave ya half-split
You'll be missin' much more than a fraction
When it's time for action
Hit 'em while he man down, make that nigga backspin
Trapped up by New Yiddy madmen
We're blasting, you're collapsing
Heavily like my gold MAC-10
Get imprisoned with them raps they have you relapsing
You get casting the Mobb, deaf and assin
We face splashing, dope fake's ice-pick stabbing
He slow leakin', eternally bleedin' for speakin'
Outta place, niggas get placed back indecent
Live at the main event, may I present
And scream it out loud for any Squad that's Def
My Infamous Mobb, ya heart throb, hold ya breath
He's KO'd from dead-arm rights and hard lefts
Another satisfied consumer who got blessed
Single out ya army 'til there's no man left

[Hook: Havoc]
Man down (man down, down, down, down) (Repeat 4X)
Lay the fuck down!

[Verse 2: Havoc]
Infamous cartel, visible evidence
We scarred well, associated team benevolent
Never hesitant, opposition get settled, hit with
Sharp shit that'll rip through
One hundred layers of Kevlar, sharp like the GemStar
Exiled, son, he get sent far
It's the foulest, QBC gat bust the loudest
But low profile, peep style, thirsty prowess
Catching court cases, pay for your legal aid
Son, that's money wasted, I ain't got time for that
Invest, though place on my best sold rap
On the strength from the ignorant cats
It'll be dead in a few....just like that
Couldn't bust his gat right (Yo, y'know what?)
But now you bucked your own man, amateur ass
Homeroom, take that ass to class
But you cutting, ducking a reality blast
You catch a D-minus fucking with New York's finest
No conversation for them outsiders
Dick riders, connivers bomb ya camp
Leave no survivors, caught you off guard, got homicided
We analyzing, tell you up front, ain't no surprises
We take you down first round, give ya man pound

[Hook: Havoc]
Man down (man down, down, down, down) (Repeat 4X)
Lay the fuck down!

[Verse 3: Big Noyd]
Check it out dun, them niggas ain't ones
To be blowin' off the top and shit, I'm tired of shit
Dun, I'm about to dot the bitch and leave him stiff
Toss me the fifth, so I can bless the God with gift
Yo, nigga Noyd, what's the topic? Yo, the topic is this
Let me start from the beginning at the top of the list
First of all, them tight niggas with that spaced-out shit
I stick a rocket up in they ass and give em a lift
My marvelous Mobb is tonic, intoxicant, beastly
Morphine raps, you get dope from N.O.Y.D
Shit fiending, now get your fix 'cause you need it
Fucking up your intravenous, the Infamous Mobb top secret
The only way you weaken this is if you peeking this
Sneak thieving niggas mischievous
Knowledging the God behind the scene on some snake shit
The vultures, water from their mouth but we can taste it
We just waiting with patience
Yo, dun, check the cross-examination, these niggas faking
So you can scream, you can fiend, you can dream for the bacon
Or you can snatch the Mac for the fact it ain't bangin'
Motherfucker

[Hook: Havoc]
Man down (man down, down, down, down) (Repeat 4X)
Lay the fuck down, down, down, down...