[Intro: Drumma Boy]
Listen to the track, bitch!

[Verse: May Rock]
Yo, yeah I got it May Rock came from rock bottom
Don’t know me now, well after this I will not be forgotten
Just met this girl and now she ride me like a jockey
She got a tight end, I call her Jeremy Shockey
Bumping Dreamville and TDE, I’m from EG
Still giving no f’s until I D-I-E
I don’t know who’s gon’ hear this so I’m not gonna curse
Let’s see how many people judge me after this verse
I feel gifted, like every time I hear a Wale verse
Oh you don’t like him? Then just listen to your Drake songs first, look
You know they call me Mason, girls be chasing, I be racing
Pacing back and forth clearing my thoughts, saying my grace and
If you hating, I’d expect it because many people do
How bout we start a rap battle, nah, how bout I finish you
Cause you don’t keep it a hunnid, and you don’t double salute
I keep it clean, I keep it classy like some tennis shoes
I got my foot on EG, and all it needs is a swift kick in the ass
Now look who gets the last laugh, kid
You a damn scrub and I should call you Zach Braff
I’ve been down this long road about a time and a half
Nasty on the mic like your boy Cliff Rice
Sloppy like a girl who hooks up with four dudes in one night
Them quarterbacks who start fights, kids who drink that purple sprite
Coming outta my shell now, cause I’ve been too damn uptight
When you talking to us, boy you better mind your manners
Now we making money, Primetime, Deion Sanders
It’s Alcatraz Boys, and May Rock on this track
I hear the fire squad, now let me bring the beat back

[Outro: May Rock]
Just let this go all the way down, let Kev holla at you

[Interlude: Kevin “Chocolate Droppa” Hart]
What’s going on man?
This is yo man Chocolate Drop, a.k.a Chocolate Drop
A.k.a Chocolate Drop, nigga, you know who I am
Ya know what I'm sayin'?
The word on the street is, you comin out with some new shit
Quality Street Music, you ain't holla at ya boy
You ain't say, "Droppa, can you get down?"
You ain't, you ain't say "Ay, man, you ain't fuck with me
You-you-you, you gon come out with your Quality Street Music
And you don't holla at the illest nigga underground?
Nigga, bars! To you - fuck you nigga! And that's real
Don't believe me and I'mma get it killed
Take a pill, now chill
I know what you thinkin', this nigga's ill
Yeah but you done lost your chance, light-skinned nigga
When I look in the back, I'mma get the trigger
Pop it! Yo fitted ain't gon fit no more
That mean I'm comin through yo house, probably through the back door
Bustin bitches like a piece with a nugget on it
Ay man, fuck you nigga!
This Droppa man, Quality Street Music
You just got yo quality street music from a quality street nigga
Chocolate Droppa, bars, 79 of em, real rep raw