[Produced by Havoc]

[Intro]
"Let it" [5x]
"AKA Black, Black, Black, Black, Black"
Have they lost they fuckin' mind man?
Know what I mean?...

[Verse 1]
A bitch nigga with a attitude named Cube
Tried to step to the Com with a feud
What the fuck I look like dissing a whole coast!?
You ain’t made shit dope since AmeriKKKa's Most
Wanted deceased, from the Midwest to the East
On the, dick of the East for your, first release
Your lease is up at the crib, house niggas get evicted
In videos with white boys talkin' you get "Wicked"
"Natural Born Killa", nigga you natural born God
Read, rich, got the nerve to say you rob
Hypocrite, I’m fillin' out your death certificate
Slangin' Bean Pies and St. Ides in the same sentence
Shoulda repented, on the 16th of October
Get some beats besides Parliament, to rock over
Rap career is over, better of actin'
What trouble I see, in managing WC and Wack 10?
You backed into a four corner hustla
Lyin' on your dick, said you was fuckin' her
Use higher learning, don't take my words out of 'text
Went from gangsta to Islam, to the dick of Das EFX
It’ll take the nation of millions to hold me back from giving you mouth shots or hit, with the pipe that Ralph got
Chris Tucker ain’t around, it's your Friday, it was good
Wasn’t salty she was with the Boyz N the Hood

[Chorus]
I see the BITCH IN YOU, when you don't speak your mind
THE BITCH IN YOU, lookin' me in my eyes lyin'
I see THE BITCH IN YOU, to be hard you tryin’
THE BITCH IN YOU, it's comin' out, check it

I see the BITCH IN YOU, when you don't speak your mind
THE BITCH IN YOU, lookin' me in my eyes lyin'
I see THE BITCH IN YOU, to be hard you tryin'
THE BITCH IN YOU, yeah, check it yo (yeah)

[Verse 2]
The ump of this rap shit!
Cube I'm callin' out
I break in and smack niggas that's in the Slaughterhouse!
This ain't no East Coast, West Coast, none of the above
I'm from Chi, I went to Cali, niggas gave me love
There's a thin line between, the fake and the real
Grafted ass nigga, I see through you glass shield
HAD SKILLS, once upon a time on this project yo (hop on dudes son, hop)
I'ma have to wreck a HO'Shea
I heard a ho say you favorite rapper...
So I had to slap her!
And violate you, a "Muslim" drinkin' brew
Your nigga ain't no Mack 10, he's a 22
I seen you (Mack 10), you ain't say shit in ATL
Cube, I like that diamond charm, I might cuff it then sell-
It out, like you sold Kam and Threat...
A year ago, you wasn't talkin' shit about the West!
Guess you knew your shit was done plus the one got you cable
" Hoo-Bangin' ", you ain't bangin' shit but the table
And the Circle mad, ain't got no choice but to fight (know what I mean?)
Ain't none of y'all motherfuckers got a chance on the mic! (no wayyss...)
Any time you come out, joe, I'ma talk about you
Until you let that bitch in you, walk up out you
Any last words before I hit the switch?
From the immortal words of one: "A BITCH IS A BITCH!"

[Chorus]
I see the BITCH IN YOU, when you don't speak your mind
THE BITCH IN YOU, lookin' me in my eyes lying
I see THE BITCH IN YOU, to be hard you trying
THE BITCH IN YOU, it's comin' out yo

I see the BITCH IN YOU, when you don't speak your mind
THE BITCH IN YOU, lookin' me in my eyes lying
I see THE BITCH IN YOU, to be hard you trying
THE BITCH IN YOU, chill, check it

[Outro]
(uh) Aight so that's cool...
Know what I'm sayin'?
It's all good baby, you can get it over here too
NYC, to Chi-Town ("Yeeaah!")
Lettin' niggas know when are we gettin' down
Know what I mean?