Why does everybody wanna act tough?
Why they be turning to their smartphones when you calling their bluff?
Why my homie turned to a goofy when he got money?
Why in "A Bronx Tale" I still be thinking Calogero could've saved Sonny?
Why do people wanna hang when they come home from a bid, asking how you been doing, jotting down what you did?
Why you hate your baby mother if you had that kid?
Why is your mother still working while you be bored at the crib?
Why you be taking life for granted, knowing that death is promised?
Why the fuck they killed Big L when the homie gave us ebonics?
Why they disrespect the Bronx as if we not already wylin?
Tables, ladders, and chairs, it's nothing new at city island
Why does trump not do anything 'bout the water in Flint?
Why the fuck you keep copping dubs and then complain that it's skimp?
Why do I choose to show my pain?
Why do you care to explain?
You say you the hottest out, why I never heard your name?
Why my favorite rapper not doing numbers?
Why is there a new mumble rapper breaking the radio every single summer?
Why I'm sick to my stomach I see a picture of my ex?
Why when people get me hot, my first reaction is to flex?
Never worried 'bout no threats, why you stay up on subliminals?
My homie wore his hoody, why they viewed him as a criminal?
Shit be looking typical, together we invincible
People afraid to act, I flip the script like reciprocals
Why do you choose to hate? When there's so much love to give?
You say you care about your homie, why you let him smoke a cig?
I'm just tryna do it big, bigger than anyone did it
Wait 'til I'm on your air waves, just give me one minute
To explain, these 3 letters I claim
It's Dream, Work, Hustle, 4 letters in my name
A fifth of henny in the stu, my entourage be rocking blue
Feeling like the sixth man, run it like I'm 7'2
Y'all could stay up on them 8th's, I hope you graduate to weight
Just be careful cause they holding 9's, plotting what to take
Please don't make a real mistake, nothing I speak is fake
Had to ask a couple questions, I'm prayin' that you relate
Lord, why?