[Verse 1: Exhibit A & KG]

Got a dope beat from Jahil, welcome to the jungle
Lemme tell you this nigga, don't let em' hoes trust you
Like Push & Kevin Gates, my niggas rumble until we see them pearly gates
We kuniving, shit gettin' Bizarre
We on 40s like D12, y'al hoes on 8s
Made it way too far, occasionally I'lll cook some cocaine (Where them fiends at?)
Pyrex pots, club too turn't, gettin' popped off
Used a rubber, thank God she ain't popped off
I'm feelin' like Jay Sean, y'all niggas is goin' down
Countin' white faces till Obama came around
Use to sell yay out my backpack, couple years I was sellin' demos out my knapsack
Goin' through trials and tribulations, bitch where Ace at?
Hittin' up K.O.D, where the Ciroc and Ace at? (Yeah!)
Got it on me, you really wanna face that?
I guess you do, fuck with me and get yo face smacked (Nigga!)
Tryna stay out the streets, I ain't lookin' back

[Hook]

Still packin' heat, in case these snitches wanna take my respect from me
Still on my grind, earnin' my shine
Me? Nigga I'm straight G, reppin' the heart of the streets
Still on my grind, earnin' my shine (Fuck y'all!)

I ain't lookin' back
Whole city turn't up, thermostat
Hold up, where my hustlers at?
I ain't lookin' back
Whole city turn't up, thermostat
Hold up, where my hustlers at?

[Verse 2: Cannon & KG]

Cept' for my rearview mirror, i ain't lookin' back
Club turn't up 100 Farenheit, thermostat
Reachin' new heights, Burj Khalifa, nigga don't look down
Windows down, bumpin' Wiz Khalifa
Came out the underground, call me Nas, I'm spittin' ether
She sucked my cock till she got lockjaw, all my niggas locked up
Got my Glock cocked up, family eatin' now
My rhymes straight from the source, no Benzino
Rollin' in my Benz, cuttin' though traffic, I'm no emo
Nigga I'mma fuckin' Gang Starr, word to Premo
NWO the dream team, KG sellin' kilos
Cannon got the cannon, my nigga AJ jumped on the bandwagon (Uh!)
They tryna pull cards on me, go fish
These niggas tryna ball on me, swish
Skin blacker than SwizZz's eyes, shit
My life a tattle tale, fuck you snitch

[Hook]

[Verse 3: RDB]

NWO the new world order, fuck the Illumnati
My Audemar illumnate, fischscale my revenue
Mess with me, have real niggas jumpin' you
Word to AJ and KG, every week I make two KG's
Y'all takin' L's, AT
High school dropout, AT&T
RBD, rhymes crystal clear like LCD
Y'all niggas tripping, LSD
Plugged into the streets, no USB
Marijuana my Nirvana, fuck MGK, Cobain's back
Car all white, this cocaine rap
Totin' Calicos, .44s and all that
But this ain't no game, I don't do it for four finger rings
I done 10 years, 35 and still alive
Switchblades, machete knives make you sing
Too high up here, muthafucka cut my wings

[Hook]