[Intro: Anderson .Paak]
Look at you go, okay, you bubblin'
Look, go, go, look at you go
Okay, you bubblin', look

[Verse 1: Anderson .Paak]
Yeah, one in the hand, one in the bag, bubblin'
Look at the cash, look at the cash comin' in
Come get your mans, this lil' nigga buggin' me
Just leave the bag, quit all that jaw-jackery
Don't even pass me that, I don't want none of it (yeah)
These niggas mad about it, had enough of it
Woah, watch what you sayin', all that poppin' and shakin'
Got me hot as a laser, my posse deep and irate
And we act a fool for the paper, had a dream and I made it
El Camino on Dayton's, Vintage Guess over Bape
Put the bread on me, bitch, bitch, you bet I'ma bank it
Piggy flat in a blanket, I might just roll out today
I might just roll out to Vegas, head back to my old ways
Cop a room full of Asian hoes and do blow all day
Look at me, baby, look at me, baby
Don't I look like a million? I'm 'bout to clean out the safe
D-don't I look like somebody that just be bodyin' everything?
All that talkin' is great, but I don't be talkin', I air it out
All the problems have gotten easy to bury
I'd rather drown them in Hendrick's, I'd rather kiss on my Mary
I been broker way longer than I been rich, so until it levels out
I'ma take your mama to the Marriott and wear it out
Took me so long to get it, gonna spread it out
Let 'em know all about me when I'm dead and gone

[Chorus: Anderson .Paak]
One in the hand, one in the bag, bubblin' (look at you go)
One in the hand, one in the bag, bubblin' (look at you go)
Look at the cash, look at the cash bubblin' (okay, you bubblin')
Look at the cash (look)
Bubblin' (go)
One in the hand (look), one in the hand (go)
One in the hand, one in the bag, bubblin' (look at you go)
Look at the cash, look at the cash bubblin' (okay, you bubblin')
Look at the cash (look)
Bubblin'

[Break]
Yo, Anderson .Paak, Busta Rhymes!

[Verse 2: Busta Rhymes]
Every time I come I hit a nigga in the middle
Hit a nigga high, hit a nigga low (Aye!)
And as I fuck it up a little more
Kill 'em and I get 'em
And they whine when they hit the floor (Yeah!)
And while I'm guzzlin' a little bit of yack 'cause the spot bubblin' my nigga, where the dough? (Where it at?!)
Now put the motherfucking money in the bag
Hurry up my nigga right now, gotta go
So much truth in the nigga head
Like the water gonna pop
Boilin' and bubblin' and its takin' everything I got
I got a boy and he strugglin' no matter how they wanna pop
Boy we be husslin' and try to make a nigga stop
We huntin' and then moshin' and then messin' and then we beat him in the head
'Til we got him tumblin' and shufflin' and mumblin' and tusslin'
And have a hard time recoverin'
Back for more than truce (ay ay ay)
One's in the air, everybody better put 'em up
Everybody better get to the back
Stack money, nigga get it up
Know what I mean
Every time we pull up niggas wilin' on the scene
Step back, look jack, fuck around and make a nigga
Black back till you sound like a fiend
Any time that I come and I get up in the buildin'
Niggas already know there's gonna be a killin'
And I give you more, hit 'em with the raw
Uncut pure raw coke, that'll keep a nigga shiverin'
See me I don't give a damn
When I smoke this gurkah
Bitches they be fightin' and be bickerin'
Niggas know to give it up
And nothing to question, better believe we be deliverin'
(let's go!)

[Interlude: Sample]
"Get over here and empty your pockets."
"I don't do that."
"You're my prisoner—you do what I tell you to do—get over here."
"Haha, he's gonna get nasty about it!"
"Fuckin' bitch!"
"Frank! Cool it, huh?"
"Stay the fuck outta this!"

[Chorus: Anderson .Paak]
One in the hand, one in the bag, bubblin' (look at you go)
One in the hand, one in the bag, bubblin' (look at you go)
Look at the cash, look at the cash bubblin' (okay, you bubblin')
Look at the cash (look)
Bubblin' (go)
One in the hand (look), one in the hand (go)
One in the hand, one in the bag, bubblin' (look at you go)
Look at the cash, look at the cash, bubblin' (okay, you bubblin')
Look at the cash (look)
Bubblin'