[Intro]
Yea..
Dem hot niggas.. (Dem hot niggas)

Dem hot niggas done shot niggas and caged down..
Or layed down its goin down in my town..
So rest in peace to hov and rest in peace to bubba
And rest in to peace to cliff and rest in peace to gunna..

[Verse 1]
Dem hot niggas done shot niggas and caged down..
Or layed down its goin down in my town..
So rest in peace to hov and rest in peace to bubba
And rest in to peace to cliff and rest in peace to gunna..
Its been a cold summer, can't seem to find da peace
Its wild in these streets, there's only been defeat
Up and through the 302 this is what you see...
3 shootings in 7 days, this shit craze
Dem bullets sprayed and flying strays da streets ablaze
Nothin but sorrow, sadness and mommas prayin'
Cause niggas goonin' up in da hood jus ain't playin'
Crossed out and tossed out da side o' da block
Dem cops watch but don't do shit
And these shooters ruthless but (what y'all doin?)
Y'all be da same ones hype and screamin' free my nigga...
While they pullin' triggas, smokin' weed and sippin' liquor..
Fuck outta here (stupid..)
Tell 'em let dat petty lifestyle go and aim to persevere
But..
Wit' the way the streets is man (streets is man)
I feel like I'm just (let 'em know..)

[Hook]
Alive just to die nigga..(x3) (I'm just..)
Icy veins and blood in my eyes from when I cry nigga
(x2)

[Verse 2]
Goons lurk..through gun smoke and 2 bloody hands
Thought dat was ya bro?, why you put a hit on ya mans?
They went and put bread up on his head dis nigga reckless
But they don't know for every life lost you losing blessings
I'll drop u a couple grands if you get dis nigga murked
And I'll drop u a couple bands if you send dis nigga to church
They don't know the hurt..dat they causin' all the fam
I can't believe it, these niggas out here is jus goin' ham
And don't understand..dat they killin all dese babies for the gravy
Shit is crazy but they never stop to think
Is it really worth it? its worthless
But this the same thing that they call puttin' work in
Cause..It's stupid, asinine
Pass the strap, pass the nine
Pass the clip..
Bout to air out dis fuckin' bitch
Dats..facts..and how they talk amongst one another
But they forgot we supposed to be brothas, we..
Tired of black suits and black boots
And funerals to wear to ya wake
The hood ain't safe nah..
The hood don't change it stay da same..
They out here bangin' to make a name..
Shits insane...and..
That's why I feel like..I'm.. (let 'em know)

[Hook]
Alive just to die nigga..(x3) (I'm just..)
Icy veins and blood in my eyes from when I cry nigga
(x2)

[Verse 3]
I got ice in my veins cause these streets so cold, and I got blood in my eyes
For everybody that died
Yo..ima holla at y'all real quick..
People always wanna fight but can't unify
This jungle full of homicide, death and suicide
We can advocate above all these thunderous rains
And break free from these chains of pain
So..instead of feelin' weak and weepin' rest in peace
Lets preach live in peace and reach our destiny
Leave alone the felonies, forgive our enemies
No more hate and jealousy but just integrity
This ain't a mixtape or a song its a message
To my sistas and brothas out here put down the weapons
Its too many daddies and mommas dats out here stressin'
No more flexin..

Yea..
..And this is my written
Death by living..