[Intro: Jae Millz]
Millz! Harlem!

[Bridge: Jae Millz]
Sucka free, that's the best way to be
Keep them sucka ass niggas' from round me
(2x)

[Verse 1: Jae Millz]
Ok, you got dam right, I'm frontin', I'm stuntin'
Goons on deck, I ain't worried bout nothin
And, every nigga wit me, benz coupe or porsche truckin'
Fly ass nigga baby, you don't hear the (?)
Most Hated; Young Money; Cash Money
W16s, I bet I lap money
I'm on my New York shit B, word son
A nigga hotter than me? I ain't heard one
Fuck all the politics, this rap game
I'm bout to demolish it, remodel it and re-polish it
I don't care who sittin' in the throne
They coming out of it
Whoever don't like it, they can suck a dick and swallow it
Cuz my team get chedda, no itch, strictly leather
Panoramic roof forever, I like the (?) and the (?)

[Hook: Jae Millz)
Go fast, go fast, cuz if you ain't first then you last
If you ain't first, then you last
If you ain't first, then you last
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go go
Go fast, go fast, cuz if you ain't first
Mothafucka then you last

[Verse 2: Meek Mill]
Yo, I say if you ain't first then you last
They tellin' me go fast like they tryna make me crash
I'm in the Aston Martin wit 200 on the dash
Nigga, you ain't gettin' money less 200 in your stash
Talkin' cash
Dirty paper, I'm eatin, I know you heard me hater
Hit your bitch, tell her "I'll be back"; Terminator
You been hatin' for a while you determine-ator
Bug ass nigga, where my exterminator?
Milzy tell me "Leggo", so I'ma leggo
Me and him, Jahlil Beats, you know how that go
Catch you in the mornin' wit the toast
Crack your eggo
40 hit your car, need insurance; Gecko
Oops, I mean GEICO
Anywhere that I go, the money gon' be there
The hoes gon' follow
I take her to the loft, let the lights dim; Moscato
Pop her like the clutch and I'm the motherfuckin' throttle
Vroom!
Neck like December, the flow like June
I pull up on a Banshee, 12:00 afternoon
I look at them as pussies; same guys you call "Goons"
Drop the coke like the album and it's comin' soon!

[Bridge: Jae Millz]
Sucka free, that's the best way to be
Keep them sucka ass niggas' from round me
(2x)

[Verse 3: Jae Millz]
Sound me and turn me up a bit
I'm back on that other shit
I don't know who these fuckin' fuck boys think they fuckin wit
But enough of the sucka shit
Unless they suckin' (?) on my dick and your girl suckin' it
Boy, you's a lame and your lyrics ain't cuttin' it
Your image is a replica, your style; you discovered it
Me? I'm me, call me ignorant but fuck your shit
I been to school, my dreams came true, and my fans love my shit
And the XXL's next freshman list
If Meek Mill don't make the cover of it, I'ma throw another fit
3:00, I'm day fly, by night, I'm in another fit
Wake up wit a groupie, end my night off wit another bitch
I go fast homie; no exaggerator
Pedal to the metal boy; no Talladega
I don't throw cash at strippers, I throw cash at haters
And tell em "go shoppin" and (?) raggedy as the (?)

[Hook: Jae Millz)
Go fast, go fast, cuz if you ain't first then you last
If you ain't first, then you last
If you ain't first, then you last
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go go
Go fast, go fast, cuz if you ain't first
Mothafucka then you last

[Talking: Jae Millz]
Milzy! Uh, Meek Mill
NYC to Philly, Ha! YMCMB
Most Hated, yeah, and if you ain't first
Motherfucka then you last!