[Intro: Jae Millz]
(Jahlil Beats, holla at me!)
Turn me up, I'm good now, leggo
Leggo, she call me daddy but you can call me Millz (haha)
Breezy, what up? Hahaha

[Verse 1: Jae Millz]
Uh, one time for B.I.G, wave a finger front to back
I ain't gotta tell you where I'm from, you see it on my cap
501's on my leg, Polo men on my tee
Jordan ain't no kin to me but I keep 'em on my feet
I like a big ghetto booty on a P.Y.T
With a Fifth Ave. S.W.A.G
Somethin' just like me, YSL, Gucci
I like them girls in Louis V, red bottoms, Lou B's
Two fingers to the G's, what it is? What it be?
If you ballin', raise ya bottle and yell, "Free Tunechi"
Free, Free Tunechi 'til they free Tunechi
I'm Q-Vision in the club, watch me make a movie (now leggo)

[Chorus: Chris Brown & (Jae Millz)]
I got money, money my problem (leggo)
Love doin' math so it's money I'm solvin'
Never, ever stoppin', but these niggas steady coppin', haha
So I'm ugly with the money, ugly, ugly, Green Goblin

[Verse 2: Chris Brown]
Fuck them other haters 'cause I'm down for my niggas
I got money in my pockets so there's no room for your digits
I be in and outta state, err'day a different place
And I be hittin' home runs while you still on second base
Ya boy be poppin' them bottles of Rosé
Fuckin' models in every single damn way
No offense to ugly women but I need a pretty face
If you skinny or eat plenty, it don't matter either way
'Cause I'ma get it, hit it, quit it then I pass you off to Jae... Millz
Speed racer on the track, call me Hot Wheels
Them bullets long like fries, get a Happy Meal
Black Card, red Chucks, Batman & Robin
Spider-Man eatin' up the money, Green Goblin

[Chorus: Chris Brown & (Jae Millz)]
I got money, money my problem
Love doin' math so it's money I'm solvin' (Breezy, I see you, boy)
Never, ever stoppin', but these niggas steady coppin'
So I'm ugly with the money, ugly, ugly, Green Goblin (Young Money, leggo)
I got money, money my problem (uh, leggo)
Love doin' math so it's money I'm solvin' (uh, I said leggo)
Never, ever stoppin', but these niggas steady coppin'
So I'm ugly with the money, ugly, ugly, Green Goblin

[Verse 3: Jae Millz]
'Til I die, I'm uptown and dead Presi's what I'm countin' in
Cut milli-mountains, nigga, what you know about 'em? (What?)
So Harlem 'til I go, fuck a stylist, I be stylin' (huh?)
Comin' down 125th, paper plated, drop wildin'
He screamin' 'til it's easy, but love me or leave me (uh, word)
For New York, free Remy and for YM, free Weezy (yes)
Me and C. Breezy, Chubby Chuck TZ's (hold up)
We on that cherry carpet while you watchin' us on TV (leggo)
Trust me, I'm mountain clean, if the boy in my regime
On stage, I'm poison, Hot Tub Time Machine, y-yeah
The all doubtin' but they favorite slouchin'
And all I got for these niggas is flames, douse 'em
Who want test me? Get off the expressway (uh, Breezy)
This is not an Esther, nigga, it's an XJ (no, mean)
Swag freakin' American, tatted like an esé
Take your ass directly to the morgue is what my chest say (uh-huh)
Yes Jay, yes Jay, stunt like Harlem taught ya (leggo)
My diamonds stupid bright, V-Violet Ultra (yeah, wild)
They all counted me out, they thought Millz was over (yup)
But look who's talkin' now motherfuckers, John Travolta

[Chorus: Chris Brown & (Jae Millz)]
I got money, money my problem (leggo)
Love doin' math so it's money I'm solvin' (Millz)
Never, ever stoppin', but these niggas steady coppin' (I said leggo)
So I'm ugly with the money, ugly, ugly, Green Goblin (so I'm ugly with the money, ugly, ugly, Green Goblin)
I got money, money my problem (Millz, that's me)
Love doin' math so it's money I'm solvin' (C. Breezy, that's him)
Never, ever stoppin', but these niggas steady coppin' (YMCMB)
So I'm ugly with the money, ugly, ugly, Green Goblin (CBE)

[Outro: Jae Millz]
ENT
Let me say that one more time
I said um, okay
It's YMCMB, CBE, ENT
Leggo
Lil good lookin'
Leggo, uh
I said
Leggo