Thai-Chi
Verse 1:

Me being whack is like a deaf man hearing a blind nigga say I like the view No matter how much you wish.. It ain't possible
I'm getting fat pussy - overgrown cat
Kill you with 14 punchlines, yeah you 2 weak
We flowing at her crib.. Now I'm home sick
Like putting your hands in the toilet you feeling my shit
I'm a rapping doctor; I'm healthily sick
Killed a nigga with my rhymes, he was punched to death
Put my ass in the freezer; now my shit is the coolest
I got my dog K9 we give you rabies
Niggas claim they the shit well I ain't smelling y'all
I put it the hole.. yea I like them puns
Video games under my feet I'm on top of my game
Niggas anxiously waiting for my mixtape; they like a bitch in labour huh!
I'm a lyrical genius - make einstein jealous!

I'm out!

Malee
Verse 2:

On the streets you playing
On the mic I'm sayin
I'm bound to keep it real
No ass can't seal no deal
No man can afford my bills
All booty, curves and thick..
Slick nigga's with empty pockets

I gotta sum bad bitches
Tryin to degrade me
Bitches I'm off the hook
Haters so calm n shook
Welcome to Malee's World
Where kings n pearls don't exist
Slick nigga's with empty pockets

I'll keep you nikka's stressed
Like a teen taking pregnancy tests
Bitches been chopped n screwed
Waiting for MTV's camera crew
Saluting all these rappers
Amen to hiphop..

K9
Verse 3:

Niggas want a plan “C” coz they say K9 “B” with us
Nicko dating Akhona, Ima call that nigga Nicholas
You defeat me? Nigga I'm laughin like Mawande
Man you rap is so boring, it's like you recorded on a monday
Shit, my flow is sick, bring that rap medicine
If Rap is Bafana Bafana, call me Gordan Igesund
Like Kaizer Chiefs beatin Pirates, I break yo fucken skeleton
Albert Einstein flow! 'coz my flow intelligent

McNasti'
Verse 4:

Yeah! I be delivering punchlines like I'm Santa
Too ill, I'm too dope, I got that motherfucken brain cancer
I'm too ill, my styles do kill
Keep it calm and listen
My swag is too sick, I kicked behind and I lift off
My kit is faster than a pin ball
What's big? What fith?
Cookin up them punchlines, I found the motherfucken recipe
Sipping on that brandy, and chillin on that Bentley
This is motherfucken entertainment
Yeah, hala back
Now rap amended
Standing on my ti pi-toes
These “wana-bees” wana fucken hoes
These “wana-bees” wana be like Holy King
Let them highly dope
These niggas rap and disrespect me, I got my globe and my psychic coat
Yeah
I'm too dope! All these rappers gotta know it
This is fucken Theory, yeah Darwin said it
Now thank you, amen!