[Intro: JSB]
(Yo yo yo, coming fresh from out of the Bronx niggaaaaa. . .)
It's your nigga, JSB (fuck that fufu lame shit nigga)
(Yea niggaaaa, lets do this thing)
You know. . . I'm on my, ghoul shit
G 4 PREZ, November nigga, better look out

This is the near and immediate danger
(Get your smarts up. . .)

[Verse 1: JSB]
Nigga
Raddy said, lyricist is dead nigga
But this morning I still got up out my bed nigga (wavy)
Word too, quote everything I says nigga (I said it)
I'm a hot nigga, and I'm aiming for your head nigga
These kids rap about bullets in yo back boy
That's a back pack rapper packing straps to his back boy
I ain't carry shit, I brought niggas with the straps boy
Cause I'm a nerd, I'm just tryna play my Game Boy
Ain't finna stop till I got money out the wahzoo
I ain't mad ho, so why's you?
Another story, 'nother tattoo
We both tryna eat nigga, why shoot?
Unless you steppin', up to the wrong door
Finna look around, wonder how you end up on the floor
Nigga got a heater, that's that Al Gore
Have you feeling sleepy, why you think we call it serta for?
But I'm just tryna educate
Fuck what the government tryna delegate
Ferguson is the first step man
Before you know it, you gon' wake up in a FEMA camp
But back to the streets nigga
Back to the bodies lying in the creek nigga
These niggas tryna duck the round from a gun squad
I'm tryna dodge the ones the ones in the cop car
This is the hvr, in a slr, carrying an AR
With the niggas in the streets tracking your moves
Like a radar, with a laser, and a razor
That's a sight in the cut, infrared beams from a race car
Malcolm X with an African Rebel Camp
This is a 8 year old cocking the hammer back
At first you see blinding white light as you fall
And when you hit the pavement it go all black
I'm that nigga you see in the summer wearing all black
Seen niggas in heat waves rocking sky mask
Same niggas in the streets tryna push snow
Ever seen a snowflake imported out of Mexico
Which is worse, cocaine, or Pepsi Co.?
These niggas as hard as an oreo
That's a cream filled center
I'm calling you ho niggas nothing but a bunch of glory holes
Stop glorifying violence
Stop bending over and taking it in silence
Shout out to my nigga Psylence
Illuminati finna say we both crash landed on an island
(Don't believe 'em. . .)
I can take you back to the trap house
Or a library, whichever one you want to rap about
I'm on some super Lupe rap shit
That's the magnum cum laude on some trap shit
Shout out to Joe Ghrandmah and Raddy Ho (Raddy ho!)
T.A.G, and A.V. yo (I see you)
And everybody else better thank me
For not ending your career about a week ago
Fuck with me, I'm the G-O-A-T ho
Heard you wanted bars, so I blessed the track, JSB, ho
And I'm a ghoul nigga
G 4 PREZ, stay tuned nigga

[Outro]