[Intro]
(Yeah, some of y'all don't even know
Y-you're just eating cold food
Well, Cal Chuchesta's on the beat here, and he's going to teach you about warming things up, and having a hot dinner!)
Hey buddy (Hey friend)

[Verse 1]
I'm hungry so I'm gonna have a hot dinner (Eat it!)
Nuke it in the microwave and I got dinner (Ding!)
Set the timer, see that's how I clock dinner
Huntin' season, so you know I shot dinner
I ain't eatin' salad, no, that's not dinner (Nah!)
Farm to the table, that's a crop dinner (Farmin'!)
Got five courses, that's a lot dinner (Count 'em!)
Delivered to my door, knock knock dinner
Now I'm chillin' at my lake house (What up, baby?)
Your girls here with me, wants to make out (Kissing)
'Cause I opened up the oven, pulled a cake out (Yum!)
But first call and order me some takeout
I been cookin' breakfast since the fifth grade (Fifth grade!)
Pullin' out the blender, make some melonade (Melonade!)
Always hit my pans with the Pam spray (Psss!)
Ding ding ding ding, got a soufflé (It's Fancy!)
Everything I say is so rando
Gainin' all these pounds like I'm Brando (Famous!)
Got a food truck on the corner by the lamp post (Pull up!)
Sellin' sammies like I'm trappin' out the bando
Free chili though, come and get some seconds (Family recipe!)
I clean my plate, gone in 60 seconds

[Interlude]
That is a good movie
Well, xXx was better
Not that much better
A lot better
Well, how is that?
Nicolas Cage!? Hello?

[Verse 2]
Hearin' voices and it's probably 'cause I'm hungry (Hello, hello)
Pull up at the bank then pull out some money (Cha-ching!)
Pull in views on YouTube 'cause I'm funny (Subscribe!)
Pull down the pants on my belly chubby (Eeeehhh)
And I ain't sorry for the weight, too (Nuh-uh)
But I apologize if I don't share food (Sorry)
And I'm sorry this freestyles kinda late too (Sorry again)
I'll take a number 7 with a shake too
Always gotta hit the store with some coupons (Save money!)
Got the limo stacked with Grey Poupon (Funny!)
And when I go om nom nom (Nummy!)
Give me your mixtape for me to poop on (Pfff)
Tell 'em Oscar Mayer let my dogs out (Please?)
Bring 'em to the grill for a cookout (Come by!)
Go hop in line and get yer buns out (Get in line!)
Do you want some mustard or some sauerkraut?
Diet bars, gotta make a kale shake
Pour a little almond milk on the corn flakes
Apples, carrots, pears instead of shortcakes (Uh, waiter?)
How do ya say this mushroom? Is it shit takes? (Uh, no)
Don't wanna get sick so I eat slow (So slow!)
I just hugged a potty 'bout a week ago (About a week ago)
But the only thing the fans really wanna know (Uh, Cal?)
Is how you keep it kosher, but go ham though?

[Outro]
How do ya?
Well, it's actually pretty easy
You just hop on the mic and go ham!
Oh, let that run (Okay)
Oh, buddy (Oh, buddy)
I, I remember this part, it's a good part (yeah!)
The siren, in the background, and oh, here comes the beat!
There you go, wow
(Is that a bird?)
S'a good beat (Is that a bird?)
Pretty good beat (Is that a bird?)
Yep (It is!)
Oh, the siren part again (Yeah, this part changed, it's a different part)
Yeah! This. (Yeah!) Yep. (Uh-huh)