[Intro: Remy Ma]
See, this was a request
I just came home, I'm trying to get this shmoney
Attempted shmurder was the case that they gave me
But this is literally shmurder she wrote
Ah-ah-ah!

[Verse 1: Remy Ma]
See Remy, I'm a hot bitch
In my Fab voice: "You a THOT bitch!"
Lloyd Banks, Jackpot bitch!
And I told y'all I was coming for my spot bitch (Where my crown at?)
See I'm trying to keep it hip hop bitch (Uh-huh)
Remy Makaveli I could turn to Pac bitch (Thug Life!)
I took it right back to the top bitch
And if you disagree, then you could eat a cock bitch!
I see y'all running 'round with ya ass out
No make-up on, I could pull a Mac out
I swear to God, all I do is spaz out (Yeah)
I'm a 80's baby, grew up in the crack house!
I been smacking bitches since the fifth grade
Old ladies, I don't care about a bitch age
My hood taught me how to Boogie Down and Bang Bang
Hit these bird-brained bitches 'til their brains hang
Shorty like the way a bitch boss out
So he said he wanna dig my walls out
Left him looking stupid with his balls out
Cause I took his money and I walked out!
Free Bremo[?] though, let all of my dawgs out
I don't mess with fake bitches, kick them whores out (Her!)
That's what got a bitch locked up in the dog pound (Yeah)
Free Niqua too, let all of my broads out
We gon' wear our heavy jewels with the rocks on 'em
Ice dripping on these hoes, put a mop on 'em!
I see they all mad, I got it locked on 'em
See they don't respect anything 'til you popped on 'em
Swiss cheese through your leotard
Sending bitches to the E-R
The BX know I goes so hard
So I'ma do this one for the fucking Bronx!
And bitch if it's a problem, we gon' snuff y'all (Bum bitch!)
Smack the shit outta your baby moms (Done!)
Said I got your baby pictures - I done raised y'all (Yeah!)
Snatch your earrings out, pull the braids off
Tell them niggas free Meek yo!
Okaaay, free Max B. yo!
They shoulda never let me go! (Nah)
I just came home about a week ago!
Fuck with me and get a pitaroll
Sending all these bitches straight to Jesus yo!
Everybody know how Remy roll (Yeah!)
Bitches got me on my bully yo!
I'm about to go Pun on 'em
They can't fuck with me, I'm a nun on 'em
Got me on that Murder One shit
I'm a flea, you a bum bitch!
(Right, I said it. Right, exactly. Ok yeah, ok yeah, ok yeah, Rem!)