The Coolest

(Intro)
Hahah yeeahh… who yall talkin' to man?
I'm havin a fuckin' problem when y'all starin' at me like this tho… oh

(Verse 1)
Still standin' here lookin' for the problem
Niggas throwin' all the money, later they can't find 'em
I do save 'em all in a tank
Don't trust these niggas, fuck a Swiss Bank
I don't really care what they want
They play happy in the front, still not done
By far, they seem cool but I'm the coolest here
Tho it looks blurry, ma route is clear
I'm one man, on the other hand
Stackin up, yet soon I need a rubberband
Bitches so cocky like they want a stan
Postin pics at the same time they want a man
I'm not lookin for you now maybe later bitch
Tho I'm cool you lookin' like a hater bitch
You say the money missin, can't pay a bitch?
Never ever look at me when I'm crazy rich
So cool make you hot girls icey
When you with me treat ya lost world nicely
Listen to me make ya haters all like me
Chillin' in ma cool shoes, Nikes

(Hook)
Walkin through the crowd, who's the coolest here?
Bitch look around bring me someone cooler here
I'm the coolest here, ain't nobody else
Came alone I don't need ain't nobody's help
(2x)

(Verse 2)
So fresh like a fruit on a table
Breakfast time, y'all start to call me neighbor
Play ma waiter, don't wanna save labor
Killin' all roaches from Tyler The Creator
Cleanin' up, makin' way fo the mutherfucka
Who the muthafucka? me I'm the muthafucka
Open up get a sniff fresh breez
See a chick yellin at me: Do you wanna F me?
What a tragedy nigga ain't that yo girl?
And the shit that I'm smokin ain't that yo herb?
Colder than the Ice Age, like Sid
On the set ya girl bout to have me in the bed
Hot bitches wanna melt me
Niggas never felt me,  colder than the Satan I can even ice the hell bitch
Now everybody holla at the Nice Man
Let ya kids marvel at the Ice Man

(Hook)
Walkin through the crowd, who's the coolest here?
Bitch look around bring me someone cooler here
I'm the coolest here, ain't nobody else
Came alone I don't need ain't nobody's help
(2x)

(Outro)
Flexin hard on this shit man
Don't showin no manner to these niggas man… flexin with money, flexin without money
I don't give a single fuck Nigga… I'm cool even if I'm broke NIgga... fuck that man... uh

At the Ice Man…