[Intro: Rediroc]
They say that Legendz never die, no
No, they say that Legendz never die
(its time!) Yeah, APE GANG!
Jahlil Beats, holla at me!

[Verse 1: Rediroc]
Acting like you don't see me, but you know I'm here
It's like every where I be, you know the hoes is there
Inside clean but we stuff the blow in there
And, I ain't gotta flash the Ratchet, you should know it's here
Truck loads and I plan on selling every one, a 100 of them
And, I'll make a 100 off of every 1
A 100 grand, niggas' had to TRAP, it was never fun
Quality and quantity, I'm guaranteed the bread'll come
Bodies dropping left and right, guaranteed the feds'll come
My daddy told me win or lose, make sure I never run
Liven Legendz, Jah gave me the sponsor
It's Ape Gang bitch, we got famous from mobbing
2 Don Cannons and a K for the drama
All these fucking chains on, I feel like Adrian Broner
Mixed with Osama, it'll mix with bitches and Vodka
Mixing Fettiucini Noodles with some Shrimp and some Lobster
Mixing the yola, when I mix it; hit it with soda
Hit it with soda, my whole goal is triple my profit
Rediroc baby, bitch, I'm doper than some dope
Hit the V.I.P. and we fill it up with smoke
Just yesterday, we was standing; selling ounces
Now it's compound and we standing on the couches
Like we don't give a fuck nigga, all my niggas' rich
I'ma die rich, I put that on my nigga slim
(?) did one more than 10
And all we need is money, we don't need new friends
Hotter than the fire that cook that work up
I'm the one supplying it when the first come
If you ain't loyal then your words ain't worth nothing
My nurse bitch said she got a whole bunch of percs coming
Take the game like (?) from the corner
You know the rules, the more that you order
The lower the number
Blowing on Cali, big bags to blow in the summer
And if they ain't running with us then we running them over
That's so trill, treat them like road kill
Leave them right there, let the worms and birds get them
Type of shit that happen when I clap and the bird hit them
Tryna take it back like when Magic and bird did it
Matter fact, take it back when Jordan and Pippen did it
When we slide, we walk up and make sure we hit you with it
Open up the package and it's straight to kitchen with it
Legendz never die, we the niggas' that living it
Redi!

[Talking/Ending: Rediroc]
It's time! They been waiting too long!
But timing is everything! yeah!
APE GANG! Liven legendz! yeah!