Beginning of Summer, I'm gonna shine a little harder
I guess you gon' hear 'bout me a little louder
Speakers goin' hammer, Whatever I'm gettin better
Too many haters gon' make my pocket full of papers
You think that my flow weighs? Call me Biggy Heavy
Got a baby face, all these chicks wanna eat me
You fed up with me? Well, I guess it's a hobby
First step in industry, Catch me on BET
They say swag is for boys, Class is for men
I guess your daddy kept that dirty swag on his mind
Swagless in front of me. I'm super fly
I'm super high, so high in the sky
My body can't touch the floor, jetpack
Move yo body back n' forth, leanback
I let her count it for me, Too many racks
Able to take it to the head, snapback
For kanye it's way too cold, for me your flow is way too old
Hold on nigga when you wanna face me cause I know you way too wrong
Only 15 but you feel the experience
And y'all nigga straight pussy.. PERIOD
Haha you can tell me nothing..
I'm insolent I do my shit without caring 'bout anything.
I'm illy like the coffee, swallow my juice
She's thirsty like nobody, yeah that's the truth
Your shawty get loose from ya..
Too bad I know you mad don't cha?
Look, My ex-gurl suddenly turn into a bad bitch
Hmmm, Obviously I got a mad D-
However, I saw you n' yo gurl, last time it seems like she was born in halloween (Damn)
Look
Addicted to mic
Allergic to the hype
SCD is powerful
I'm lyrically phenomenal
You're jealous cause I'm young
Surrender, it's the best
It's the solution I suggest
Lookin' like a young kid, actin' like a grown man
Mister SCD gang pow in yo face man, I don't give no damn
It's my world, I built it
Always workin' harder.. I be killin' shit
B.I.G.G.Y, you know why, don't be shy I'm so fly, no lie nigga
Scared of nobody, always doin' somethin' illy
I'm self-made, haters are homemade
You wanna taste it? But I ain't recommand it,Hmm hmm marmelade
I know you heard about the end of the world
But it was just a sneak peak for my takeover

Hahunhahunhumhumhuhmuhmmhmumhumuh raah
Haha, I told you niggas!