[Intro - Lysian]

Anh
Lysian
Jet-Lag

[Hook - Lysian]

I don't think that my people know how I feel
How I feel, how I feel

I don't think that my people know how I feel
How I feel, how I feel, how I feel


[Verse 1 - Lysian]

This passion, this my life
Yall don't get it, never mind
We done talking, we Mastermind
Cut that BS don't waste my time

Lost in the shadow of my ego
Nanh I'm good, good luck with that lotto
Work your mojo

Like Tampon, I'm in it til' blood comes out
I ain't goin out
Without a fight
You right

I murder every instrumental
The outcome is immortal
The motion emotional

The vibe spiritual
Everytime I lay my voice on a beat, I give you a part
Of my soul, a part
Of me
This my remedy, this the only thing that can console
The struggle, the pain the hussle
Of life
I treat music like it was my wife,  I hate that love it
Paradoxal ain't it?
But I'm fit for music and I'm lovin it

I BE TERRORISTE, REP LBV
THAT MY CITY where they listen to the BUZZ
If ain't popin they be like ZZZ

My people showin no love, no love
They don't care 'bout, all of the above, above
When they see you they shake hands with their glove
When I think of
The way they react when I stay trap cause I'd rather rap
They all get mad
It's kinda phony, it's kind funny cause you'd say you
Believe in me, practive what you preach
And if you can't reach
Me, it's prolly cause I'm in the middle of a speech

[Speech - Lysian]

Hum
I'd just like to say that I don't make music for myself
I make music for people. I want people to enjoy
My music. I want them to study it, to pay attention to every sensory detail, to feel some typa way. You know
Whether it's a love song or a club banger. I want them to be moved. I want them to feel that emotion, a part of my soul basically, and to be quite frank, I don't enjoy listening to my songs anymore. It's not like I record a song and then I just lock myself in my room and listen to it, and be like damn you dope. Nanh, come on. I've reached a point where I do music for people bascially. I don't fo it for myself like I said. I enjoy recording and mixing a song more than I enjoy listening to it. So, it is what it is. And for the people that be talking a lot, that be like: that nigga too cool to hang out with us and shit. Nanh
Come on, I AIN'T SHIT! I AIN'T SHIT, I AIN'T SHIT
I'm just focused cause I wanna reach my goals, I'm just focused and I realized that to reach those goals, you gotta put in work, you gotta put in a lot of work. You gotta stay focus and patient, and faithful. So, you know, I'm working on all those things right now. I mean as ****, Jetlag like always. And yeah to clarify I am not a rapper, I am not a rapper. I'm an artist who raps and sings
(Whenever I wanna sing)

My people ain't showin love
(X 3)

And I'd rather stay and I'd rather chil but I gotta go back
And I'd rather stay and I'd rather chil but I gotta go back
To my world

(Yeah boy)


[Hook - Lysian]

I don't think that my people know how I feel
How I feel, how I feel

I don't think that my people know how I feel
How I feel, how I feel, how I feel