[Verse 1: Dame D.O.L.L.A.]

Look I was made for the lights, ain’t no denying that
Never had LeBron stats, but ready when it’s combat
Circle got associates, mostly we keep it compact
No contacts, just email address to send the contracts
But lot of cameras in my face it's like all of a sudden
I knew I'd make it to it to this point what's with all of the fussing
Money calling I'm buzzing, I'm with all of my cousins
That's everytime you see me out and that's ball in the (??)
I'm like TMZ wanna follow me cus I never wear a mask, I don't celebrate Halloween
Rarely on the scene when I'm heavily on your screen
That's the baby dropping dimes on commercials for Lillard 3's
(??) for heaven, too much attention
Enjoying this ascension, responding to Twitter mentions
Cus my story they can relate, the furthest away from fate
It was written long ago, I ain't making it by mistake I promise

[Hook: Brookfield Deuce]

Only rise to the top people tell me
Got my opportunity I bet I don't fuck
I done seen a lot I done seen a boy (??)
But I'm here for it yeah I'm ready to (??)

Yeah I'm ready
Like ready ready
Yeah I'm ready for it
[x4]

[Verse 2: Brookfield Deuce]

I done came a long way from hopping the fence
(Long way, long way, long way)
That's a uphill battle trapped like a trench
Some of ya'll gone find out the hard way
When you speak clear the (??) feel heaven sent
Congregation don't get what the reverend get
Speech impediment make the blessings get hesitant
The pressure get hard to bear just like The Revenant
I put the pills down I put the pill down
I put the rocks up I put the rock up
I had to take a swing had to (??)
I had to take my shot had to pull up
Try to slow bucks on a hundred blocks
That's a hundred shots times a hundred shots
So many (??) like a hundred stops
It's like one key to make it but a hundred locks

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Dame D.O.L.L.A.]

Man it's crazy I had to get up on my thing
On the way like Lebron and switch to a different team
Had to cut like Spielberg and switch to a different scene
Paper jam to get it flowing, switch to a different ream
That's enough I had to take my show on the road
Better read the fine print, ain't nothing solid (??)
Porta Potty deals there's always some under ish
You gone get burned you don't watch who you're messing with
You gone get burned waiting for tables to turn
They was sleeping on me for ages they learned
I'm not the one to compromise, no
Shot caller safe to say what I decide goes
I wasn't supposed to be this popping boy they hate it
The way my brand buzzing I'm like permanently faded
The way I move a crowd I do the sermon I do the saving
Baptized in adversity, Jordan River bathing