[Intro to Verse 1:G6ix]

We all gone make it, forreal...
Stray life or hate life...
Soooooo...
Hate life nigga!
No other option. Yeah
Yeah Yeah Yeah

[Verse 1:G6ix]
XXL Worthy the way I'm murderin'
Merciless to these rap niggas
I know you heard of me
This ain't your time so watch out
Cause we lockin' the block down
Tell a friend, we gettin' big
Like some elephants
Life will be good when I'm gettin'
That gouda. (Real)
Stay dedicated to my team
I'm such a fuckin troopa'
And this the crew of the one and
Only underdogs. (Ugh)
$trays got these other pussy niggas
Runnin' off
Yes, I'm rap snitch impervious G6ix. (Wooo)
Stay high, I'm liable to chief 3 sticks
Not a remix, nigga I stay original
And if beef I say your name, no subliminals. (Bitch)
Heard your shit but nah I ain't into you
Lyrics need help. But you got good instrumentals
My flow authentic you niggas out'chea spittin that rental
Oops , I didn't mean to kill em' that was incidental

[Intro to Verse 2:Chowder]

Whoa. You already know what it is nigga
U R E . Chowder in this bitch nigga
We got this. Best believe. Best believe
Best Believe nigga

How we doin this.....

[Verse 2:Chowder]

Look up in my mind. You can see that it is a mess
My momma don't wanna talk. My daddy just up and left
Gotta make a plot and a plan with all my strays
And get this money piled like cafeteria trays
Cause the struggle real when a nigga broke
Notice some of your friends gone when no ups for the smoke
That made me wanna choke. I mean, that shit just made me sick
Might fuck around with one of you niggas and make me wanna quit
That is it! I been fed up. Cause I been grindin' here for a long time
Been eatin prego and rice with YT, G6ix , and Don
That isn't fine. Compared to fettuccine
And all them cold nights my nigga I wear a beanie
See me, on the tv. My dreams is never fadin'
Pray to God everyday and I ain't talkin bout Raiden
Escapin' all the hatin' that try to come and distract
UnderRated my team , my nigga thats where its at
Like location

[Intro to Verse 3:YT]

Hahahaha

STRAY LIFE OR HATE LIFE

Ugh

[Verse 3: YT]

I'm a young head.(Yup) Kickin new school.(hahaha)

And everybody know this nigga ain't gone act a fool.(nah)

Life lurkin' plottin' my plans.(yup)

UnderRated bitin', stick it out you'll lose a hand.(uh uh)

I'm a dream chasin' animal. Smooth dude kinda rude

Verse cannibal. Tastin' molly like a asian ho.(woo)

Feelin froggy nigga leap! My team is comin' for the peak. (hahaha)
See me runnin' in the streets. (yes) I'm on the clock and never sleep. (never)

Hippie (hippie), Dreadhead (what?), Tatted up negro, and a great chef (chef)

Black dude (black dude), tattoos (tats). Thats what the white folks call me when I pass through

I rep my city and thats all on me. Westside throw it up yellin' U R E! (my team)

Throw it up in your face. I'm only statin' the facts

This shit is more than what you think. We tryna tear up the map

Tre!

[Hook to Verse 4:Donte Thomas]

Yeah , ugh. Young niggas on some rookie shit
You better hide your cookies quick
All we tryna do is win
Time is money. I ain't got no time to spend. Look
Yeah , ugh. Young niggas on some rookie shit
You better hide your cookies quick
All we tryna do is win
Time is money. I ain't got no time to spend. Look

[Verse 4:Donte Thomas]

Rookie shit. Feelin' like a freshmen on the bench again
Wolverine , about to show these niggas Michigan
Final four , fab 5 . We gone make some misery and history
This music is my life, a ghetto symphony
Never took no time out even for a gatorade
I paved a way tryna show my sister its amazin' grace
When I'm on the court about the only time I fade away
Military that I carry is as black as ace of spades
Quite intriguing, in a fight with my demons
Contemplating conversations with God, he always speechless
But just cause he ain't speaking don't mean that I don't believe him
Each day to me is a blessing in which I study his teaching
Look inside my soul for the golden soul is the key
We have hatred from many nations. Patriarch Disbelief
Catch me ridin' round in my city. Say wassup to a chief
Thats the main event just like Rocky when boxin' Apollo Creed
Its me. I never changed when they threw some dirt on my name
I just changed the rules to the game, started winning
So it ain't it strange? Improved swiftly, niggas is out to get me
They askin' why I'm so lowkey ? My homies ridin' with me. Look
This is my life I'm just simply fulfillin' purpose
I been ready for the stage but a piece of me feel nervous
But then I remember I deserve this. I gotta earn this
And Oh yeah y'all finna learn some shiiiit. BITCH! Woo!