The champ is back on that Jada shit (A Jadakiss mixtape reference). I lay low on that hater shit. I don't waste time. I don't waste rhymes. Their styles blow like wind chimes. You in the presence of a menace. It will never be the end of my period. I run off with a sentence (referring to a time period but also a period at the end of a sentence and a never ending sentence is called a run on sentence). Ownen this Gen. Craften Gems with a pen. letten thoughts (thots) out. Like A Pimp Named Slick Back (when I said I let thoughts out I meant letting my thoughts out and also the reference of THOT with A Pimp Named Slick Back from the show Boondocks he let's his hoes out a lot). Dealt with a lot of stabbers. that's why I gotta slit back

I'm in attack mode. Bout to break back bones. Get exposed like hacked phones. Flippen tops up. like trap phones. They can't think. I shattered their flat bones (Your flat bone are bones that cover your circular systems one being your brain and if it's shattered your brain won't function). I dont need gats. To leave ya caps blown. with cracked bones

What? you never heard of me? I leave ya whole crew burgundy. Like a psycho doing surgery. Im the lyrical assassin. Sharp words slashen em like Marth. Now that's Super Smashen em apart (If you play Super Smash bros you would know Marth is a sword warrior). I size em down. Now they the size of Kevin Heart

I go hard. I'm spitten poison darts at their hearts. They feeling my wrath. It's a blood bath. Make em drown. They big cats (KATs). But they ain't Towns. I body em like Towns with the rebound. Yeah get pushed around

Punchline game raw. You don't last rounds. Im going for the kill. Like we in the last round (The movie last round reference). I'm vicious. They can't see me. even if they changen lipids. I don't pop NZT. my thoughts got no limits (NZT is the famous drug from the movie limitless)

My work ethic epic. I'm out of this world. I'm Metic (comes from a Greek term meaning a citizen or also known as an "alien" outside residence). My flow sick. I infect paramedics. If we talking digits. It's it's infinite. Can't outshine my after image. I'm raw with the imagry. In my circle I come up with infinite lines. Like its symmetry (thinking within my circle I come up with infinite lines or rhymes like its symmetry a circle has infinite lines of symmetry)

I cause misery. I make your future  history. Bomb ass track. Its boomen like Big Shaq (was referring to Booming as fame exploding up and Big Shaq is booming right now and also the adlips of Big Shaq since he says boom a lot). I split your bars like kit kats. Get hooked on. Or I'm throwing fish back (Get hooked on my bars like a fish or throwing the fish back meaning I'm taking you off like a fishermen throwing fish back in the water it stems from VI seconds track the gawd "anybody try to hook me getten fished out the water"). In a battle of bars. My punchlines throw fists back. faster than IP Man (IP Man aka Bruce Lee 1st master and the master of Wing Chun which requires extremely quick fists and comparing the speed of those punches from his fists to the quick hits of the punchlines)

Try to ride my wave. I leave you ship wrecked. Under the tidal wave. This ain't no movie. Everything coming faster than the tittle came (in movies tittles take while to show up due to intro but life comes faster than tittles come in movies). You getting Son'd (Sun'd). No tittles gained. I'm on the attack. like a bunch of fighter planes

Thank the lord for this massive brain. I hope I never change. I'm over tracks like massive trains. When I brain storm. I leave massive rain. Flooden notebooks. I kill tracks with no hooks. I'm onna straight path to a check like a rook. Im leaving kings shook (in chess a rook could mi=ove only straight or sideways and when it's on the other side it leaves the king in danger with a check corresponded with the idea of going on the path of getting a check as in pay check)

Dropped a tape. I came back. I bought the flame back. Put the heat to your backs. like icy hot pads. All i C is green like I'm Brad (Stevens). You fulla shit like zo's (Lonzo Ball) dad. Wrote curves down. Now they look sad (curves in the sense of curving someone making them sad and also writting or drawing  Curves Down (downward) it looks sad)