He wants that Dolce & Gabbana, with that Gucci & cubanos
He writes that song shit bout the cocaine, Havana
Wanna be a criminal, talk bout dope shit & Hannah
I'm ridin' with myself, like no coach & no ammos, wait
They found dead beats, they took me as the killer
Music escort, I'm the pimp despite me cause I sell her
I took the instrumental as a chick, let me tell her
I don't need no beats, I can even do that acapella, ugh !
Gettin' green paper, I can tell I roll it up, (no)
Haters flyin'/fallin', nigga, cause I throw it up
Life is a house, throwin' haters by the window
I want my money purp as Lakers, yellow as a Lambo, yeah
Flyin' in the sky screamin' "XXO haters"
Lot of people talkin' but don't act, say so
What else ? I'm runnin' shit, Nespresso
Everybody knows that baby style exceptionnal
Apparently, it's everybody except y'all
Got that money so in love, she stayin' next that flow
I have a big problem, I'm talkin' fast but I'm never thinkin'...
So I call myself the Express Soul !
"Man, look at this baby and the way he takes that slowly
Gettin' bread money like he bakes that, shawty !"
Life a card game ? Shit ! I'm not playin' blackjack
Got everybody claping in the front, huh... snapback !
I'm fed up of myself, I'm so powerful and so young
Haters so late, they go tired, fool, and so dumb
Boom, ha, headshot, on that instrumental body
I can't tell I understand your jealousy, I never got it !
"That baby faster than that new Buggati
The goal is to win, he lookin' like the New don't forgot it"
If my flow a customer, than my pocket a consumer
Second name is Cassidy, "that baby so hustla !"
To tell you the truth, I don't even know what does it mean exactly
Cause I'm French by the blood, French by the mind
But you know I'm fresh by the life, fresh by the style
All that niggas hatin', I was born fresh by the rhyme !
Goon, shootin' instrumentals, keep their bodies in a secret room
My flow fast, all you're hearin' from my mouth is just that "Vroom!"
And be ready for the landing, huh, cause it's coming soon
And I make you go stupid, you can call me Grizzly, boom...
Yeah I do iiiiit