[Intro]
And if you could do it better than me, then you do it
And if you could do it better than me, then you do it
And if you could do it better than me, then you do it
Okay!
All rise, all rise
Your honor's here
Honors English, talk to 'em

[Verse 1]
Can't a young God get money anymore?
Room for real shit and spittin' that raw?
Just dropped a classic without no flaws
No time for askin', we kickin' down doors
I'm Atlantic City and Las Vegas is my pen
Slot machine flow, they ca-si-no way to win
Photos, award shows, they gon demand me
I get a Grammy in a instant, yeah, instagram me, look
Look, I doubt when they say death before dishonor
But I promise it's death before you dishonors
On the race to the sickest rhymes, here's the baton
Already got the gold medal, I ain't even gotta finish lines like
"Umm, umm, umm fuck it"
Umm, first, second, and third place mine, ma
Yeah, I'm the future so throw around my neck
The gold, bronze, silver jewelry at the same damn time
They gon' call me James Bond of the session
2014 flow, that's 007, what
Ready, mark, set, yeah I'm 'bout to go get 'em
Eat all of first place and leave y'all the split seconds
And they callin' me a legend
Who am I to question?
Hov and B's wedding' ain't gettin' this type of reception, shit
Chicks keep askin' how I'm calm while I'm spazzin'
They know I'm chill, but they still want that ovary action

[Verse 2]
Can't a young God get money anymore?
Room for real shit and spittin' that raw?
Just dropped a classic without no flaws
No time for askin', we kickin' down doors
Let's go, let's go
I'm revvin' up them dollars gettin' every creflo
Flow so Mexico, lyrics so eskimo
But throwin' salt on him just make me better like pretzel dough
Jersey on the map, NY where you at?
I'm lookin' pretty, I got a Kerry Washington on my back
Who could, who could be the best buy on the track?
The Kobe in the cypher and still a radio Shack
I'm so unapologetic, call the paramedics
After I guillotine this shit, I mean, where will I be headed?
Should I go G.O.O.D. Music? Will Young Money embrace him?
I'm so cold, will Jay elect me to Roc Nations?
Franchise talk, you listenin' to a boss
Ross ain't got this on the shelf, I'm cut from a different cloth
Honors English snapback, priceless on the scarf
I'm rockin' with two chains but they know not to double cross
Raps most wanted at, fly no boarding pass
Mama my signature just became a autograph
Women and children who got that mutual feelin'
It's more than music, we 'bout to make history for a living
Don't talk to me about real shit, cause I'll embarrass you
Talkin' about clothes? I'll motherfuckin' embarrass you
This is fact over fantasy, look, I'll embarrass you
Way too cold, I promise you need some Thera Flu