[Hook]
Man I been rolling, smoking, drinking
Rolling, smoking, drinking
I been rolling, smoking, drinking
Rolling, smoking, drinking
I been rolling, smoking, drinking
Rolling, smoking, drinking
I been rolling, rolling, maaaan

[Buildup]
Rolling, rolling, rolling, rolling
Smoking, smoking, smoking, smoking
Drinking, drinking, drinking, drinking
Drinking, drinking, drinking, drinking
Rolling, rolling man

[Verse 1: 1st Down]
(You know me)
This right here, ???
Zoo-ly-gang,Thats the fucking team I rep
AM-DAM, Been in the kitchen here for a month
Head-band, OG shake in my blunt
Rolling and smoking and drinking and dipping and (beep)
(You want both?)
Bitches they loving my sauce, and they follow behind me
Cause I got sploosh on my ice, Hurricane in cup
And the weed that I'm smoking on now got me breathing hard as fuck

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Strap]
Okay I'm rolling, smoking, drinking, Yeah your ho known to flirt
I'm a fuck her good, your punk ass goin to work
This came from my hood, this some Atlanta purp
Then I went to Cali,they got all type of syrup
???, 'till my eyes hurt
OG told me take a sip of syrup
Free my nigga squirt, grand-daddy purp
We been gettin' money since, hit me on my chirp
Meet me in the dirt, Beat him out his shirt
Fuck it give me the whole 12 I'm a go beserk
Meet me at the hotel, get you out that skirt
Roll my window up, I'm rolling bitch
(skrrt skrrt skrrt)

[Hook]

[Buildup]

[Verse 3: Juicy J]
(Shut the fuck up!!!)
Party jumping in the V-I-P (Yes sir!)
Hoes can't keep they hands off me (They can't)
Sour Diesel, White Widow (Weed nigga!)
Coupla' vikey's and a few skittles, In a bag (Yes sir!)
Fill me up with beans, I'm trying to see the sky (Yes sir!)
Pour me a cup of purple syrup to increase the high (Yes sir!)
I'm trying to get Becky (Woooo!)
Trying to get a chick naked (You know it!)
Which one of you hoes gon' go? (Come here bitch!)

[Verse 3: Ray Rich]
My partner ran out of activus? (It's gone)
So he hit me with some yellow tuss (What's that?)
I said what it do? He said just take it bruh (Say what? Say what?)
So I dumped a gram in the hurricane the cup (Coughing)
Hey bro I been rolling, smoking, drinking
I got bitches ???
I got at least 40 at the crib dawg, you always wanna bring a chopper
I don't sell drugs, I'm a shopper
And I got a grip like a damn ???
So if I feel like geeking, it's the fucking weekend
And with shrooms I'm a fucking doctor
I've been rolling, smoking, drinking
Fuck it, Fuck it, kick it (Fuck it, Kick it)
I got weed all in my ???, cause your molly call her Mindy
I got white girls fucking with white girls call that bitch a ???
And I got plenty ??? geek, geek, they ain't with it
Fuck it, kick it (Fuck it, kick it)

[Hook]