[Juicy J]
Yeah like I said
Probation and parole is a trap for niggas
That shit real, that shit real dawg, real talk nigga
I wanna say whats up to all my niggas down in 201
Whats up man
Jailhouse downtown
I feel ya my nigga
That shit wild mane, that shit fucked up man
Folks don't give a fuck about a motherfucking nigga man
Its like when you go down here man
You a slave man, a modern day slave

[Hook x2: Chrome]
What you niggas know about really being locked down?
23 and 1 on lower level known as downtown
What you niggas know about a first degree murder charge?
No release you'll be to see leaving from the jailyard

[Chrome]
I done seen a lotta shit man in my lifetime
My little brother got his whole life on the line
And ain't it sorta strange how life change?
First it bring joy, then it bring pain
And I can't live with the reign in the game
But thats how it is when you in the fast lane
Ya momma doin good and ya granny is too
Ya little brotha Chris
Yeah we tight like glue
And niggas on the block still with the same shit
So you ain't missin nothing just keep writing hits
Hold ya head up until ya boy get rich
And I'm feeling fed up with this dumb bullshit, so

[Hook x2: Chrome]
What you niggas know about really being locked down?
23 and 1 on lower level known as downtown
What you niggas know about a first degree murder charge?
No release you'll be to see leaving from the jailyard

[Chrome]
I'd give my right hand to God to bring you back
You my homie, man that's a natural fact
I'm missing ya dawg
The way we used to laugh and play
Smoke a whole lotta weed just to pass the day
Running from the police hoping we'd get away
Even though we did dirt, we found time to pray
Of course I'm mad
I'm feeling like you gonna say
But most of all, I'm feelin like we both should ball
We both should win
Yeah, but you off in the pen
I'm facing stress and I won't let it build on my chest
And I mean I won't let a nigga crash my dreams
And it seems like everything is just hitting the fan

[Hook x2: Chrome]
What you niggas know about really being locked down?
23 and 1 on lower level known as downtown
What you niggas know about a first degree murder charge?
No release you'll be to see leaving from the jailyard

[Chrome]
Yeah, for sure this some real talk nigga
This for my little brother, Lil Shank nigga
Better known as Ron Rico Louis Smith nigga
Nigga I feel you bro I'm still holding it down nigga
Its on nigga when you get out nigga its more money nigga
To get nigga lets get it nigga you know the business nigga
This is for all my niggas doing time then whats up Shank?
You heard me whats up Dave you feel what I'm saying?
You heard me we got love for y'all nigga much love for all my kinfolks nigga
Its lockdown nigga its on lets get this cake for sure '05 '06 '07 '08 nigga its on

Yeah Chrome Korleone
MUCH love for my niggas thats downtown in 201 popping in the pen

Yeah...