[Intro - Juicy J]
We trippy mane!
It's your boy Juicy J with my homie Mike Will
Established in 1989 The mixtape niggas going down
Shut a fuck up!
We stay trippy nigga
We stay high
We stay in the strip club
We stay spending motherfucking money
You niggas know it.. shut the fuck up
Fuck, fuck fuck... let's get ratchet
The drugs, the cash

[Hook: Juicy J]
I got cash erewhere
Nigga this a cash year
And im countin up a cash like a cashier
Cash got me ballin, nigga that's what cash do
Cash got these bitches doin nuts like a cashews

[Verse 1: Juicy J]
Gettin cash overseas, and I'm still in California
Talkin to the foes while im rollin' marijuana
Boy u get money like me u do what ?? u wanna
I pull up in the mansion and u pull up in a hunna
Big bank rolling, no control
Open dough, remote control
Juicy J, I'm always blowing
Million records, I don't sold
Paper ain't paper no more, throw money all on this hoes
Checkin the ?? suits, make it so fuck if you rose
When we gettin' to the room, now they buckwild
To the hotel ??

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Ace Hood]
Okay, now whips crib jewelry gang, all cash
Yellow bitch, hella fit, pretty face, all ass
Rolley on the inner state, you just watching whole ass
I don't state the inner state, I'll be chasing brown bags
Rolex on me flooding make them bitches going duffle bag
Nothing less than 20k and you can kiss my brown ass
Pause, no homo, get cheese, no photos
But still i hit the scene and that's so low all on my photo
Man i keep my 9 on me my nigga don't be a dodo
With you paper lie, my super stray
Real nigga drop a fortune in a realest state
I'm talking money mula, like YMCMB doe
It's we the best in YMCMB you know how that go
And that's big money we blow, propably be out with your ho
Telling no ?? to sun doe nigga you already know
... nigga you already know

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Juicy J]
? cuz my money straight
Got more rides than a fur I'm slangin for no kates
I got anything you want just name a time and place
I'm the massive man, call me Dr. Chase
I'm with my Gucci bitch higher purp by cloud
Try to rob me get that pistol to your eyebrows
Boy your mama ain't gon miss ya they know that u gone
By the time they find ya won't be nothing left on bones
Sleep off in the kitchen (ho), fuck a bed
Ain't no fool in the trap house number is
We move them thangs worn ??
Dont do a cruches for me bitch, that's a ??
I got cash erewhere!