You guys you read?
Katy Perry and Tee
Here we go!

[Verse 1: Katy Perry]
I knew you were, you were gonna come to me
And here you are, but you better choose carefully
'Cause I, I'm capable of anything
Of anything, and everything
Make me your Aphrodite
Make me your one and only
But don't make me your enemy (enemy)
Your enemy (your enemy), your enemy

[Chorus: Katy Perry]
So you wanna play with magic?
Boy, you should know what you're fallin' for
Baby, do you dare to do this?
Cause I'm coming at you like a dark horse
Are you ready for, ready for
A perfect storm, perfect storm?
'Cause once you're mine, once you're mine
There's no going back

[Verse 2: Katy Perry]
Mark my words, this love will make you levitate
Like a bird, like a bird without a cage
We're down to earth if you choose to walk away
Don't walk away (walk away)
It's in the palm of your hand now, baby
It's a yes or a no, no maybe
So just be sure before you give it all to me
All to me, give it all to me

[Chorus: Katy Perry]
So you wanna play with magic?
Boy, you should know what you're fallin' for
Baby, do you dare to do this?
Cause I'm coming at you like a dark horse
Are you ready for, ready for
A perfect storm, perfect storm?
'Cause once you're mine, once you're mine
There's no going back

[Verse 3: Tee]
Kanojo wa kemonoda watashi wa kanojo
No karuma o yobu kanojo
Wa anata no kokoro o taberu jefur? ·
D? m? no y? ni ch? I shite kudasai kanojo o michibiku
Shinai y? ni shite kudasai sh? t? zu kokoro
Wa suteroido ni atta kanojo no ai wa totemo tsuyoidesu
Gen'in anata wa koiniochiru kan? sei anata
Wa kanojo ni au toki wa anata wa chansu o eru baai wa
Yoriyoi kanojo o tamotsu kanojo wa pai no y?
Ni amaidesuga, anata wa kanojo no kokoro o
Yaburu baai ni wa kanojo wa
Reit? ko no y? ni samui mawasu sono
Otogibanashi no ketsumatsu kagayaku
Yoroinokishi de kanojo wa watashi no suimin biy?
Suru koto ga deki
Watashi wa konsui j? tai ni kanojo o irete' hitsujisaru
Yo kongan! Kuso?
Watashi wa kanojo o aishite kangaeru sh? t?
Son'nani warui watashi ga umarete iruto watashi
Wa ki ni shinaide kudasai kanojo wa jettok? sut?
No y? ni watashi o eta k? sei ni
Shinshitsu o mawashi kanojo no ai wa mayaku
No y? na monodesu watashi wa tryna
No sore o hitto shi, sore o sh? ry? shimashita shikashi
Kore d? pu lil' mama
Watashi no mawari dainashi to hamatte shimatta

[Chorus: Katy Perry]
So you wanna play with magic?
Boy, you should know what you're fallin' for (you should know)
Baby, do you dare to do this?
'Cause I'm coming at you like a dark horse (like a dark horse)
Are you ready for, ready for (ready for)
A perfect storm, perfect storm? (a perfect storm)
'Cause once you're mine, once you're mine
There's no going back