[Intro: Girl & Juicy J]
Oh, no
Don't record
Juicy J
Katy Perry
Yeah, ya'll know what it is
Katy perry
Juicy j
Yeah, uh-uh
It's remix!

[Verse 1: Juicy J & (Girl)]
Suit and tie, kinda knight, I'mma be her Prince Charming
Let's get trippy and go missing like we on the milk carton
Baby girl, you already know I spoil you like sour milk (milk)
And give you keys to the crib and let you drive the whip
But you gotta make up your mind, you gon' have the pay in to win
Cause soon as you do it in that's what'll betray it she back for revenge
This is more than a case of friends with benefits
She’s Cinderella ’til you lead her on, from a good girl to a wicked witch

[Hook: Katy Perry]
So you wanna play with magic?
Boy, you should know what you're fallin' for
Baby, do you dare to do this?
Cause I'm coming at you like a dark horse
Are you ready for, ready for
A perfect storm, perfect storm?
'Cause once you're mine, once you're mine
There's no going back

[Verse 2: Katy Perry]
Mark my words, this love will make you levitate
Like a bird, like a bird without a cage
We're down to earth if you choose to walk away
Don't walk away (walk away)
It's in the palm of your hand now, baby
It's a yes or a no, no maybe
So just be sure before you give it all to me
All to me, give it all to me

[Chorus: Katy Perry]
So you wanna play with magic?
Boy, you should know what you're fallin' for
Baby, do you dare to do this?
Cause I'm coming at you like a dark horse
Are you ready for, ready for
A perfect storm, perfect storm?
'Cause once you're mine, once you're mine
There's no going back

[Verse 3: Juicy J]
She's a beast, I call her Karma (come back)
She eat your heart out like Jeffrey Dahmer (Woo!)
Be careful, try not to lead her on
Shawty's heart is on steroids, 'cause her love is so strong
You may fall in love when you meet her (meet her)
If you get the chance, you better keep her (keep her)
She's sweet as pie, but if you break her heart
She turn cold as a freezer (freezer)
That fairy tale ending with a knight in shining armor
She can be my sleeping beauty, I'm gon' put her in a coma (Woo!)
Damn, I think I love her, shawty's so bad, I'm sprung and I don't care
She ride me like a roller coaster, turn the bedroom into a fair (a fair)
Her love is like a drug, I was tryna hit it and quit it
But lil mama so dope, I messed around and got addicted

[Hook: Katy Perry]
So you wanna play with magic?
Boy, you should know what you're fallin' for (you should know)
Baby, do you dare to do this?
'Cause I'm coming at you like a dark horse (like a dark horse)
Are you ready for, ready for (ready for)
A perfect storm, perfect storm? (a perfect storm)
'Cause once you're mine, once you're mine
There's no going back