[Intro: DJ Paul]
Welcome to the Hypnotize zone
Today you'll hear the story of Russell Resthaven
And the day he tried to save his girlfriend
Here's the story:

[Guys arguing]
-Man you won't believe what done happened to me now man!
-What?
-I let this nigga come out my house and he fucked my bitch!
But I'm gon' kill him when he get off work tonight though
-Man fuck that ho' man! You can't be tryin' to save that bitch, my nigga! And them housed the ho on brown and frayser...
-Man, I spent cheese on her and everything! And I bought rangs and some mo shit! Mane I'mma kill that nigga, then I'm gon' marry her!
-You can't turn a ho' into a house wife man!
-I love her man! I love her man!
-Quit lying man!
-I love her, man! I gotta marry her, man!
I'mma marry her!

[Hook: DJ Paul & Crunchy Black]
Don't save her she don't wanna be saved
Ain't nothin' going on but the money and the power
Don't save her she don't wanna be saved
Got one in the chamber for you weak ass coward
Don't save her she don't wanna be saved

[Verse 1: Project Pat]
I'mma introduce me Project Pat I keep it real
I'mma introduce you you's a sucka faking deals
If you gonna let these freaky hoes run yo life
I don't understand how you turn a freak into a wife
I don't even get why you be eating out her draws
You done bought the bitch a phone
Now you screening in all the calls
It's about 4 A.M. she ain't nowhere to be found
Some-where wit her friend dick in face and turned to ground
But you best save it last and you know that she'll go
Suckin' dick, chewin' cat, and I hear she on that blow
Did a line maybe two now she down to do the dew
Took her to the studio so she down to do the crew
I know just what to do
You can ask the ho to leave
Once the bitch pack her shit
Hurry up and run them streets
Two things I ain't never in my life done seen before
It's a U.F.O or a ho that wouldn't go

[Hook: DJ Paul & Crunchy Black]
Don't save her she don't wanna be saved
Ain't nothin' going on but the money and the power
Don't save her she don't wanna be saved
Got one in the chamber for you weak ass coward
Don't save her she don't wanna be saved

[Verse 2]
Jackie's simple, Jackie's quicker
Jackie likes to suck a dick'a
All she wanna do smoke a blunt get a drink of liquor
Lip-ah to the balls, booty even 'nough to smell dodie
You be try'na save a sweater but you need the fuckin' letter
Be the bitch she really is'a
Suck my dick you gon' kiss her
Hating hoes try to diss her, every nigga wanna hit her
Get her in the bed, lay her down, boots wanna fell
Call her up there nig man there's a way-a
She the star of the foota, pussy wet, real good'a
Camcorder, caught on tape, did I stutter? Man I should of..
Fucked her in her mouth as she be taking all cash
Keep my tank from Florida she a pay for my gas
Ass for my nigga drop-a somewhere tryna watch her
Pregnant by another man but you wanna be the papa
Nut, come, but she crave-a backseat misbehave'a
You'll never get the bitch cause she with that West Haven

[Hook: DJ Paul & Crunchy Black]
Don't save her she don't wanna be saved
Ain't nothin' going on but the money and the power
Don't save her she don't wanna be saved
Got one in the chamber for you weak ass coward
Don't save her she don't wanna be saved

[Verse 3: Crunchy Black]
Ain't nothin goin' on but the money and power
Got one in the chamber fo' you trick ass cowards
And I'm tired of you niggas go saving these bitches
Stop saving these hoes, let another nigga get em'
I ain't try'na be a trick, I'm just sayin' my dog
Let a nigga get deep down in them draws
Take her over my dog, so we can do it y'all
Everybody can do it, let's just have a ball
Ain't nothin' goin' on but the money and power
Too many niggas out here cowards
They be saving them hoes, they be paying them broke
But a nigga like me can not go
I be kickin' in doors, I be fuckin' these hoes
I be slamin' 'em down like Dominoes
Bitch you didn't know it's CB bro
In and out these hoes doors like "whoah!"

[Hook: DJ Paul & Crunchy Black]
Don't save her she don't wanna be saved
Ain't nothin' going on but the money and the power
Don't save her she don't wanna be saved