[Intro: will.i.am]
Freshy, freshy, freshy
Freshy, freshy, freshy
Come and look at this nigga over here with

[Verse 1: will.i.am]
Fly kicks, fly wear, fly gear, fly chick
Fly swag, fly bag, fly niggas that's stay in fly shit
Your chick, she know, for real, she know
King Tut, motherfucker, I'm gold, icy, stay cold
This car right here? I made, I made
I am, IAMAUTO, I stay (what?) paid
You didn't know? Now you do
Motherfucker like me stay cool
Igloo, igloo, igloo, cool
Big willy, stay chilly, my money so funny it's silly
Look at you, look at me, look at these, nigga please
What’s this in my pocket? This knot? It's a lot
Big dollar, big dollar, paper, guap

[Hook: will.i.am]
What’s that? Oh, this? Freshy, freshy
Freshy, freshy, freshy, yep
What’s that? Oh, this? This here? Freshy
Freshy, freshy
Come and look at this nigga over here with

[Verse 2: Juicy J]
High priced? My clothes
Overpriced? My hoes
New house, no fisc, make it count, lot of chips
Get brain, your bitch, she love swallowing kids
Going broke ain’t an option, if I want it, I'mma cop it
Hundred K, that’s nothing, everybody talking money
Talking jets, that’s done, start the car, push button
Get trippy, pop pills
White girls snorting coke
I do it for the cash, for the drugs, not a ho
Niggas safe when I swerve past
Got a bad bitch with a Birkon bag
With a drug habit, just rollin' hash
In the strip club throwing cash
In here trapped out, money machine go beep
In here racked out, counting bands off in my sleep

[Hook: Juicy J]

[Verse 3: will.i.am]
Hot wheels be hot, May what? Maybach
Bu what? Bugatti, Masa who? Maserati
My chick got body, it shake like jelly
Big titties, big booty, no belly, big titties, big booty, no belly
My swag, my style, supreme, dope
So slick, so fresh, so clean, soap
My boat, my plane, no no cocaine
Uh-uh, don’t sniff, that nigga right there is different
My brain, I’m smart, this nigga right here gon' start
Big biz, big biz, gonna do it big like Walt Dis'
Mickey, Mickey, Mickey Mouse
Motherfucker got a big ol’ house, no niggas sleeping on my couch

[Bridge: will.i.am]
What’s that? Oh, this? Freshy, freshy
Lambo, Lambo, Lambo-ghini
What’s that? Oh, this? Fly shit, fly shit
Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Louis

[Verse 4: will.i.am]
Vuitton, Christian, Louboutin, red bottom
All colors, all types I got ‘em
I study, I bought them
I rock, I wear, that shit you want
Yves Saint, Yves Saint, Yves Saint Laurent
Your style be old, played out, baggy
My style new shit, way out, swaggy
Freshy, yep, expensive, yep
I'mma buy me a jumbo jet, lease it to the New York Jets
Balling, balling, balling big
Shot calling, shot calling, shot calling, yeah
What's that? Oh, that?
Aw that ain't nothing but plaque
Platinum, platinums, platinum, plaques
I can let you hold some stacks
You don't gotta pay a motherfucker back
Go buy you a couple Cadillac's
Ball hard, motherfucker, be black

[Outro: will.i.am & (Juicy J)]
(What's that? Oh, this?
Freshy, freshy, freshy
Freshy, freshy,) yep
What's that? Oh, this? What, this?
Freshy, you know, you know
You see it, this shit, this shit
Freshy, freshy, freshy, freshy
I'm fresh, I'm fresh, I'm fresh
I'm fresh to death