[ChorusX4: Dj Paul, Frayser Boy, Fiend]
Watch out Watch out, Bitch! There go dem headbussaz!!!!!!
Nigga, Watch out Watch out, Bitch! There go dem headbussaz!!!!!!

[Verse 1: Juicy "J"]
Any rapper, disc jockey, dat don't like juicy doe
Get yo ass smacked, shot da fuck, in the studio
Take a broom stick, break a half in yo booty hole
Consequences when ya fuck me, nigga you didn't know
All you chickens wanna be my wife, you can be my hoe
You can shake it at da ebony lace swang it round a pole
I will never ever trust a bitch, all they wanna is dough
Millionaire, wit da platinum tails ridin da bentley rolls
In da back, seat we got tha black, heat
With tha liquor bottles and light, green
If ya want, a pound then get at, me
If there was, a drought well save you something
Maybe somethin you can weight up on a triple beam
You can flip it forward money til ya hit da scene
With them chrome 23's shiny blingy bling
And tell dem haters on da town you can let off ya steam

[ChorusX4: Dj Paul, Frayser Boy, Fiend]
Watch out Watch out, Bitch! There go dem headbussaz!!!!!!
Nigga, Watch out Watch out, Bitch! There go dem headbussaz!!!!!!

[Verse 2: DJ Paul]
Now I'm a divide and conquer any nigga dat wanna
Fuck wit dj paul, da k.o.m, da blackhaven's owner
And keep a tone when I roam cuz murder's mandatory
Only nigga dat cross this clique for some fame or glory
I show you dyin is easy cuz you niggas is cheesy
I walk up to yo bitch ass and leave yo shirt real bleedy!
I'm havin a ball with this here ain't bout to start with this here
And I'm a celebrate this shit like it's da end of da year
Plus leave yo family with sorrow they ain't gon see you tomorrow
To top it off after all of that make yo mamma get borrow
This h.c.p. is a gang this h.c.p.'s in my vains
And I'm a stay drankin liquor nigga and totin them bangs
I went from big to bigger went from rich to richa
I went from carin da kitchen nigga to straight pullin triggaz
And watchin haters subtract they gon I scratch em off my list
Cuz I ain't about to talk to niggas and get drown by they spit, ya bitch

[ChorusX4: Dj Paul, Frayser Boy, Fiend]
Watch out Watch out, Bitch! There go dem headbussaz!!!!!!
Nigga, Watch out Watch out, Bitch! There go dem headbussaz!!!!!!

[Verse 3: Fiend]
Drop ya card and I drop ya hard
Nothin like tha ?roy jones' spa? similar to gone half on my ?thawyer?
I'm lost can't disregard survivors at cause when we
Actin mo' safer walkin da streets without God
Hard as yo whoadies is my rounds throw rounds by the abundance
Dispurses brang yo big boy excursions
Churches wouldn't wake em, why because of his face
Rambled and shattered like hatches see how good these bastards
Think I'm (?) my nigga for one more hour
Til the opposition straight rose to power
I chose to shower flood da hood with goodies
Gats, crack, irreversible hoodies is ya with me
Guaranteed lil niggas gon forget me cuz this grindin
While you playin with them fishes
With them just snort a line of fire beamin at ya reflexes
Cuz a bag of cash had some requests yell at me

[ChorusX4: Dj Paul, Frayser Boy, Fiend]
Watch out Watch out, Bitch! There go dem headbussaz!!!!!!
Nigga, Watch out Watch out, Bitch! There go dem headbussaz!!!!!!