[Verse One: Brian J. Lucas]
So… I been in love once… the drug is something addictive
Two people stand in decisions, but both seemingly submissive
She loves the way he smells. When he holds her, she feels protected
He loves the way she kisses his body, now he’s erected
She lays him down and she gives love away cuz she’s respected
He lays down with her thinking "I guess I’ll settle for a second
Then back on my own shit." But really don’t know shit
He's helping her find love, she's helping him forget
The stress of the world around him, and now it's love that surrounds him
And he don’t know all the flashing, all he know now is attraction
All she know now is some magic, he thinking is its tragic
How I took my jersey hung it right up… how did this happen?
There’s butterflies in her stomach, there’s regret left in these covers
Questions all in his head, and there’s answers here with his lover
He panics, the wrong reaction. Ends it, no time for laughing
And huggin, kisses, loving, misses Mrs. Stay miss in fact it’s
No luck. Spittin Eminem lyrics, no love. Out there doin her own thang. So what?
He better off with the birds and the bees, she better off with thugs that she sees
And he at home thinkin does she think about me, And she out there livin, breakin that chain free
Aye yo B, don’t you see? While she getting the D, yo tank on E; And that reality is F’in up a G
Probably. But honestly, what could he do about it? She’s gone now
The fat lady just bowed… The song ended and she’s gone now…
The devil probably laughin at that. And God probably patting yo back
Sayin that was the one, my son. Amazin how love ain’t that potent til after the fact
J

[Verse Two: Eugenius]
I keep it diverse, I think we should divorce
It's not me, it's not you, so what'd we get it tied for
Sometimes a sight for sore eyes, but more of an eye sore
Guess courtside wasn't good enough, you want a spot on the roster
No point in tryna restore what we had once
I was lookin forward to makin bag lunch when he had one, have fun
Complaining to your girlfriends how all men are like your dad was
While my son's dad and my dad's son are macking, bachelors
Pack it up, grab your stuff, leave my Adidas hoodie
I let you cop when we felt degrees drop
And me I, I loved it when we used to cuddle
With my Giants beanie on, FeeFiFo-Fumble
Conversations bout sports, long debates about rap
From Pac vs. Biggie to UGK, Outkast
Wayne, Jay, Drake, Ye, Em, Nas, who's GOAT?
You said Eugenius, smash, Ruffalo
Your cue to go was a few ago, must be in a daze I guess
I don't ache or stress, but for you? It might take a sec
Why you ask? My standards rose
When I bought you chocolates and a rose
Then I caught ya, Amber Rose
Now I'm ballin, Amber Rose
Or Derrick Rose, I don't care or know
Why you cared at all in the first place
No plans, Thursday?
You blew me off like Kurt's face
No teen spirit, you mean spirited curvaceous, flirtatious
Bae, is this relationship even worth saving?
I recited vows, still can, verbatim
Still didn't trust me, bump surveillance
Still, we lasted than longer than most
I'm proud of us both, applause and I'm ghost
The hour is late, this miss is stalling for sure, over and out ya go

[Verse Three: Cleff]
Ok I know you heard the tremble, Cleff is gone follow
Now I'm all up in your ear, But I'm in ya throat tommorrow
Whose to say them twos today won't grow to be a couple of models?
And even if they don't I bet you still send over bottles
From Wendover in the Boro, The Boro straight to Manhattan
Was hannin I hope this crack I spit dont break yo mamas back and if it do
Carry that sweet lady to the sea
Where waves wave and men act like centaurs, can't take a knee
On a corner she gone need, one cause heaven is where she fell
Is it weird That she feel like orange soda and I'm Kel?
(Is it true?)
Yeah...maybe...possibly honestly I
Just want a woman that can make me smile and bake me pie
My baby I, Love her till the comet hits
Even after that I'll think about her when we spiraling
In space with no direction, She in my eyes perception
So go 'head keep it twerkin I'll let Piffy put the work in, go

[Verse Four: Epiphany]
In 2012, wrote a letter to my future wife
I didn’t predict my dick would land in some stupid strife
I loosed the knife but you the type to put my poo in lights
And clowned my sheath make me feel heat when I got beat that night
Forget it, you out my girl is spittin
My girl is puttin prophecy on waxy tracks and spinnin
I’m salty, gave my love to success gods
And now they crumblin the ruins got me stressed bought
Loads of pain and passion with the price of our thrashing
Upon the mattress relax your reaction babe I’m just passing
The blame game. But honestly I really can’t name another dame
That ever make me feel this lame. I'll never be the same