[Chorus: MC Mack] 4x
The Killa Kaze like the nazis cause we takin' you for hostage
Got them yawks up to yo face

[Verse 1: MC Mack]
Why do everytime a nigga stack some cheese he always gotta make one, two or three of one you enemies
It really don't matter to Mack cause I remain the same, I never change
Hoe call me what you wanna, fuck with me and (?)
(?) the killa rizzole, lizzame nigga we gon' break you off
I pulled yo card so easily, you ain't a G to me, you soft
Smilin' in my face, don't show yo grill cause you ain't real
See my cheese gon' hit the ceiling, another Prophet be out to kill
MC motherfuckin Mack don't flex around with hatin' wannabes
See I'm gon' have to realize it ain't a thang for me to see you bleed
Catch you slippin' pimpin' on the dizzown lizzow on the creep
Now I lay you down to sleep, guess yo soul I also keep
Rest in peace playa hater, Killa Klan Kaze, kill like the nazis on you foes
Askin' folks about this Mack but in them streets nobody knows
Lil Man, Scan Man, Project Pat, North Memphis bound when I'm clickin' with the Mafia
But ain't no love for fuckers (?) we shootin' them yawks
Yes siiir

[Chorus: MC Mack] 4x
The Killa Kaze like the nazis cause we takin' you for hostage
Got them yawks up to yo face

[Verse 2: Lord Infamous]
Uh, bloody crop hop, Scarecrow (?) they hire me for all jobs
I got (?) and holocausts in the amazon
And for (?) samurai nigga (?) bitch I pity no
(?) pitbull (?)
2Pac's ghost rise up with Scarecrow up on my stagecoach
The photos of your childrens bodies in the back of a old DeSoto
(?) brain damage is my duty
Lord spittin' this demented Triple 6 shit in your eyes like The Great Kabuki
It's a Kaze lynchin' party, pokin' holes in yo Versace
Dot to dot, we lettin' off shots and leave 'em like (?) in a pot, watch me
I bloody up every single thread of this pretty white carpet
I don't need no fuckin' hostages, I blast everything that breathe oxygen
I creep in the black Acuras, they whole crew had got massacred
Ain't not enough to get up with a spatula
Better hope The Kaze don't capture ya
Because we keep these ninas burpin' when we lurkin'
I been sittin' back here observin'
I wanna leave you hurtin' - bloody curtains

[Interlude]

[Verse 3: Scan Man]
Do you wanna get away with me? I'll take you to places you never seen
Scarecrow command I grab yo hand and take you to my land
Where the people walk around half dead
Others burning in the pits, others screamin' "Killa Klan Kaze"
Safe to say if you wanna get away and this is the place
That I had in mind, the world of endless time
I'm the worst nightmare, beware of this scandalous figure
The Killa Klan Kaze and Scarecrow from the Three 6 Mafia

[Verse 4: Project Pat]
Land of da lost, full of gangstas and killas
Niggas who don't give a motherfuck about ya, I doubt ya
Really wanna come against this clan, understand
We got (?) and ex-cons, young killas out on bond
Bondin' mammys up, what the fuck (?)
Sizing niggas up, you can be as big as Great Ape
Murder rate risin' to the top only to survive
Memphis niggas down 'bout a meal, tryin' to stay alive

[Chorus: MC Mack] 4x
The Killa Kaze like the nazis cause we takin' you for hostage
Got them yawks up to yo face