[Hook: Los]
See a nigga like me?
I'm on my shit, I'm on my shit
See a nigga like you?
You on my dick, you on my dick
See a nigga like me?
I don't know nothin' 'bout nothin'
Homie, I'm just gettin' to the paper
See a nigga like you?
Doin' a bunch of motherfuckin' frontin'
Otherwise known as a hater
Like me...
Glad I'm a nigga like me...
Me... glad I'm a nigga like me...
Me... glad I'm a nigga like me...
Me... glad I'm a nigga like me...

[Verse 1: Los]
King - candy paint the gold drop
Hop out, chicks be all on my dick
Drop 'bout 50 large on my wrist
Rock it while I run a quick menage with your bitch
Hold up - roll up, watchin' bitches fuckin' the pole up
On the other hand, probably rubber banding my dough up
Slow up, I tell a bad bitch "pour up"
And we gon' get it crackin' as soon as she call a ho up
True, they ain't fuckin' with your broke ass
See these poor-ass niggas? You straight up out, low cash
Lookout, I'm a boss you a lookout
Paper plates on my grill like my car is a cookout
Took out a bunch of money, I'm a baller
Borrow you bitch and give her back, and niggas never call her
Call her a ho, she'll probably answer to it
Bands'll make her dance and she's probably dancing to it
Like work, work - shirt, skirt
All over the floor, man, I'm all over your whore
We all over the board, we scorin'
Jordans on the foreign, probably uniform, flight, bumpin' Lauren
You ain't doin' what I'm doin', I be on
I'm beyond all you niggas, I'm a king, you a pawn
You are pawning your rings cause I'm on
You arranging a storm, and the storm is coming, be warned, calm
De fuck down, punks jump up then get beat the fuck down
This beef's been cut down to the minimum, bend 'em up
A few million, nigga what? Bigger trust
Fast cars, my last bars out of this world like NASA
See a nigga like you?
Just mad cause I'm rappin' my ass off

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Juicy J]
I get high every day - wake and bake
Get me high, bitch, get me elevated
Pop mea molly then I fuck her face
I just lit a hundred straight
All my trees be smokin' great
In a blunt or in a pape
You ain't talkin' cash, need to translate
You chick is part of my fanbase
Sippin' syrup -
Freaky bitch gon' make it work when she make it twerk
I'm in my car, I gotta swerve
Trying not to hit the fuckin' curb
These niggas think it's easy
I make that shit look easy
I seen a ho from TV
And I fucked a ho from TV
Smoke one when you see me
I hustle every season
Ballin' and I'm stuntin', ho
Call me Willie B, man
Got a fine bitch that be singin'
When I'm in the Lam', that's what she be fiendin'
Shut up all the talkin', ho, drink the semen
Gettin' money like Ross and I always stay schemin'
I could sell some water to a fire
In the mall parking lot, doin' doughnuts, burnin' Yokohama tires
Nigga, get you some money
Quit tryna count mine
Ray Charles swag, I can count money blind

[Hook]