[Intro: Juicy J]
Shut the fuck up!
Yeah mane
We still gettin' this paper
Buddah Bless this beat

[Chorus: Travis Scott & Juicy J]
Jet to a check, aw, hit it in cash, hit it n' dash (Yeah, yeah)
Flash, she a dancer (Flash, she a dancer)
Stack it and fold em' (Stack it and fold!)
Forty-two acres (Oh yeah) fuck on my neighbor (Uh, yeah)
Told her don't say shit (Say, say, say)
Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck (Alright)
Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck
Dawg I'm stuck (Yeah) feel no drugs (Yeah)
That's my love in a cup (Yeah) keep it short (Yeah, yeah)
Got the Dawgs in the cut (Yeah, yeah)

[Verse 1: Travis Scott]
Really off balance, heard they got talent (Uh)
Really ecstatic, moon walkin' backwards (Uh)
Plane it got wood floors on the cabinet
Hit the flight attendant diamond status
Keep a actress on the addicts daily
Looking like Boogie Nights in the 80's, ayy

[Chorus: Travis Scott & Juicy J]
Jet to a check, aw, hit it in cash (Yeah ho!)
Hit it n' dash (Yeah ho!)
Flash, she a dancer (Yeah ho!)
Stack it and fold em' (Yeah ho!)
Forty-two acres (Yeah ho!, uh huh)
Fuck on my neighbor (Yeah ho!)
Told her don't say shit (Yeah ho!)
Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck
Fuck, fuck, fuck (Yeah ho!), fuck, fuck, fuck
Dawg I'm stuck (Yeah) feel no drugs (Yeah)
That's my love in a cup (Yeah) keep it short (yeah, yeah)
Got the Dawgs in the cut (Yeah, yeah)
Yeah, yeah

[Verse 2: Juicy J]
I go live like Kodak (Like Kodak)
Niggas keep dyin', fuck Xanax (Fuck that)
I kill shit, what's next? (What's next?)
Nick can't stop my flex (Can't stop that)
Stripper put it on her chest (Right there)
She even want no check (No check)
Got Cartier on me like Offset (Offset)
Ain't even gotta rap, nigga, I'm set
Get to a check (Yeah, yeah) I ain't even cash (Ain't even cash)
Fresh to death lookin' like I stepped up out a casket (Out a casket)
I'm gon take my shot you gon' pass it (You gon' pass)
My bitch classy and she look just like Cassie but she nasty
I'm fucked up, stuck, still fill up a cup
Woke up like what the fuck is up, let's turn up (Yeah)
Fuck a buzz, yeah, I need drugs, let's turn up yeah
Keep a torch, yeah, I'm a dog you a mutt, yeah

[Chorus: Travis Scott & Juicy J, Both]
Jet to a check, aw, hit it in cash
Hit it n' dash (Yeah, yeah)
Flash, she a dancer (Woo)
Stack it and fold em' (Uh, uh)
Forty-two acres (Uh, okay) fuck on my neighbor (Yeah, okay)
Told her don't say shit (Damn, uh)
Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck
Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck
Dawg I'm stuck (Yeah) feel no drugs (Yeah)
That's my love in a cup (Yeah) keep it short (Yeah)
Got the Dawgs in the cut (Yeah)