[Hook/Samples]
Talk yo ass off

Now watch this shit you talkin' on beat put to an end trick
Talkin' on yo tapes, it seem you got some annimosity

(And now, the Skinny Nigga)

[Verse 1: Kingpin Skinny Pimp]
Niggas claim they robbin' motherfuckers, where yo evidence?
I can't even tell you comin' clean, takin' petty shit
Stickin' up McDonalds, what the fuck you get, some burgers?
Busta ass nigga never shot a fucking murder
I'm kickin' in the door
I'm makin' lemons hit the floor for keys
Then I might kidnap the trick (?)
Put him in da backseat, barrel pointed to his face
I'm knowin' this nigga snitchin'
So I increase the fuckin' murder rate
Then I hit the bump (?) and (?)
Take a toke and thinkin' of a plot
Then I grip the bloody body to a motherfuckin' muddy spot
Tie 'em to my bumper, drug 'em, fuck 'em
I don't love 'em, dump 'em slump 'em
... really, really don't hoe, we leave 'em funky
Run yo mouth, talk that shit (?) 211
On you trick, 1-8-7 so legit, fuckin' hit
Monkey ass niggas on bananas like to slip a lot
Put 'em in a hoe spot, take me to the stash pot
Trick

[Hook/Samples]
Talk yo ass off

Now watch this shit you talkin' on beat put to an end treat
Talkin' on yo tapes, it seem you got some annimosity

[Bridge]
Yo what's up partner? *gun shots*

(And now, the Killa Man)

[Verse 2: DJ Paul]
Keep running yo mouth, nigga let's see what'll happen
Don't talk shit while you be rappin'
Just prove it with the scrap
And if you wondering how the Killa Man kill a man
Come in his face and watch that 45 Glock
Blow yo ass to outer space
Bitch I don't fuck around but nigga you don't hear me though
I clown like Bozo with a chrome 44
44 niggas in my crew say they will kill ya slow
Another 85 say they get rid of yo ass fast with slugs
So I set yo ass up for a mean ass murder stroll
Send a freak to fuck you with a bomb in a pussy hole
It's so easy for the Triple 6 to take you out
You think you know what we about
But you don't know what we about
Until all you niggas that thinkin' we smokin'
... we gotta be cool
... and stab you in yo back ...
So smooth, huntin' down a female cannibal king
Demons in my soul, exorcist my thoughts
Murder in my dreams

[Hook/Samples]
Talk yo ass off

Now watch this shit you talkin' on beat put to an end treat
Talkin' on yo tapes, it seem you got some annimosity