[Intro]
Today… Today… Today… Today… Today… Today… Today… Today… Today…
I feel like
I feel like
I feel like

[Verse 1]
Bumping some shawty
Rollin my window down and hitting the highway
No its not Friday
But its my day
And sometimes shit gotta go my way
Niggas got me fucked up
Thinking that my music don’t stick like some nunchucks
Top dawg and we all stars like we run chucks
But never mind that
Take a trip to outer space show you where my mind at
You know where my grind at
Inside of the studio where I spend my time at
Fuck over the game til' I make that bitch climax
Miss me with that bullshit haters die young
You can run to the poor pit
Pullin' off the pit stop
Car like a flip flop
Bitches clap at me like they wanna make my piss hot
I don’t even trip doe I don’t need no company
Me, I’m thinkin long term tryna' build a company
Kendrick the good kid

[Hook]
As I move I feel way better doing me I can only do me
I hope that you do you I think to myself truthfully I can only feel later
Some people say that I’m rude but I don’t give a damn if she if he if them or they say
I’m uncool nothin' but change how I feel bout' me today

[Verse 2]
Nigga, what I depose be so potent
That if the earth dried I could spit back the ocean
Then hop on a jet-ski and start West-Coastin'
I’m not boastin' or braggin' not a person I’m a dragon
Takin' action in the heat of the night
So if the devil came tell him that I be alright
I’m so high off life that I can OD
Walk outside then sniff a whole key
Old lady done called the police
Its just an average Joe walkin' with his heart on his Pendex
Don’t be afraid to speak
So to speak you niggas not within arm reach
Y’all midget Max swingin' on Shaq now have a seat
You can never coexist with my momma’s oldest
Kendrick be thy name
I got my mind right
My nigga locked in the pin, that's what my mind write
Ink over my brain
What's up

[Hook]
As I move I feel way better doing me I can only do me
I hope that you do you I think to myself truthfully I can only feel later
Some people say that I’m rude but I don’t give a damn if she if he if them or they say
I’m uncool nothin' but change how I feel bout' me today

[Verse 3]
So let me start off the third verse
Pickin' up your favorites is our curse
Fuck the system, fuck the truth, fuck religion
Fuck the government, fuck the law, fuck the prisons
Fuck George Bush, fuck rappers who love dissin'
Fuck you because you don’t see my vision
I fucked your new girlfriend too
Because she’s cute and the ass
Looks like a grenade within the denim
Fuck the groupies, fuck the gossipin' bitches
Fuck niggas that can’t fight so pull triggas'
Fuck the new world gas price that cost a livin'
Fuck your love fuck your hate fuck your snitchin'
Whether you fuck with me or not
I don’t give a fuck you can keep your props
Fuck keepin' it real
I'm a keep it K-dot
Kendrick everyday Jay-Z didn’t lie
Fucker

[Hook]
As I move I feel way better doing me I can only do me
I hope that you do you I think to myself truthfully I can only feel later
Some people say that I’m rude but I don’t give a damn if she if he if them or they say
I’m uncool nothin' but change how I feel bout' me today

[Outro]
Today… Today… Today…Today… Today… Today…Today… Today… Today…