[Intro]
Man, Beyoncé, I'm mad at you
Man...

[Hook]
They say hello (ay).. Hello (ay)
I can daydream about Beyonce all day
Thinkin' about the good times before she met Jay
See ya know
They say hello (ay).. Hello (ay)
I really thought I had a chance to be your man
Until I seen the video with the ring on your hand
It hurt me so

[Verse 1 - Kendrick]
I remember you were 16 on the TV screen with Wyclef
Were you my type? Oh God yes, I was impressed
You was like "no no no," I was like 12 years old
Hoping that one day I could chaperone while you were on the road
You wore braids with a bangin body
Look like you did pilates, a lot of sit-ups probably
But bump that, I was there from the start
Even when Latoya Luckett and that other doo-doo bucket broke your heart
Hope you didn't cry cause honestly they were just so-so
They couldn't sing anyway, you deserve to go solo
No disrespect to Kelly and Michelle I'm just sayin' they cool
But you? You are somethin' like Wonder Woman
And I just wanna hold your hand, bring you to Compton
Gonzales Park, we can build castles in the sand
Eatin hot cheetos with pickle juice in it
Put that napkin down, you know I'll lick your fingers when you're finished

[Hook]
They say hello (ay).. Hello (ay)
I can daydream about Beyonce all day
Thinkin' about the good times before she met Jay
See ya know
They say hello (ay).. Hello (ay)
I really thought I had a chance to be your man
Until I seen the video with the ring on your hand
It hurt me so

[Verse 2]
I just bought the Sasha Fierce CD
Gazed at the cover for a whole 5 minutes until my girlfriend hit me
She jealous of you cause I don't love her like I love you
I even make her do the "uh oh, uh oh" just like you do
She tell me I'm obsessed, I tell her we connect
Like Ice Cube way before the Mac 10 feud
She's like "you goddamn fool, that girl's rich and you're broke"
I said "So? I'm only 500 mill away, theres still hope!"
Anyway, I had feelings even way before you got paid
And I didn't laugh when you busted your ass on the stage
And I salute Kanye for takin' up for you
I would've stole the award just to prove that I love you
But Jay should've did that I thought he had your biz-ack
What happened, Mr. Izzo? Hopico? Fredrico?
He used to be my favorite until he abandoned my diva
Now I tell everybody Nas had killed him on "ether"

[Hook 2]
They say hello (ay).. Hello (ay)
I can daydream about Beyonce all day
Thinkin' about the good times 'fore she met Jay
See ya know
They say hello (ay).. Hello (ay)
Hopefully I still have a chance
Maybe if I sabotage your man
You never know, hmm...

[Verse 3]
I'mma sneak backstage at a Mary J Blige concert
With an "I love Mary" shirt, then find Jay-Z
And push him into a dancer, hopefully they lock lips
That's when I yell out "Sounwave! Hurry up take the pic!"
Put it on Bossip the same night, yeah, that sound quite right
Publicity like that? Yep, they'd be sure to fight
Better yet, I'mma steal her cell, then call up Affion
He impersonates Jay well, get Beyonce on the line
Then make up some bogus shit like "You don't rub the back of my knees right
So this marriage is over with
And the ring thats on my finger? Guess what? I'm throwin' it!
[Cling]...you heard the sound so you know I did"
Haha that should get 'em
That should break em up like a Kit Kat when I do that, yeah, true that
I'mma put the plan in motion, that's for sure
But if I end up with Macy Gray, this plan never work

[Outro - Skit]
Yeeeea, man I hope Jay don’t be mad at me bout this song
Start-ay, Wizzle start me back from like the first verse
Like right before I come in
Haha, what you say? Nah, you think it’ll be hot for real though?
Nigga, you stupid, they probably laughing as hard as you
Nigga got the best wife in the world and shit
Run that back though?