Dirty Blac Chorus:
I was standing on the corner slangin’ caine
Just another young nigga having thangs maine
And I was standing on the corner slangin’ caine
Just another young nigga having thangs maine

Dirty Blac Verse:
Diiirrttyyy
Uhh…How can I explain the past drama?
And all the pain and embarrassment that I caused my mama
Better believe it’s a such thing called Karma
She came to visit and this bitch been here all summer
Drama…Mike dead…Scooter locked up…
My partner Randy in the Feds…his daughter knocked up
Hard times always find a way to pop up
If I could take it back I would have gave the blooocck up
Just to see Mel-Wayne free…
To see Oochie and Levell both stain free
The hood cold enough to give a nigga brain freeze
Some of my niggas so caught up that they can’t leave
Geez…a nigga damn near feel guilty
Tried to clean up my act but I’m still filthy
I got a pocket full of stones with me
If I could take it back, I would tho…You feel me???

Dirty Blac Chorus:
I was standing on the corner slangin’ caine
Just another young nigga having thangs maine
And I was standing on the corner slangin’ caine
Just another young nigga having thangs maine


Kendrick Verse:
So many people died from it UH…
Took their lives from it UH…
Homicides for it…
Plenty mamas cried from it UH
Uncles stealing for it UH…
Fight that feeling for it UH…
Homies stealing for it…
Police killing for it…
Families lose their homes for it UH…
Flipping zones for it UH…
Tapping phones for it UH…
Grabbing chrome for it UH…
Doing time for it UH…
Doing crime for it UH…
Steady lying for it…
Turn into a liar for it…
Make you up the price for it UH…
Hit the pipe for it UH…
Hit the night for it UH…
Hit the lights for it UH…
Trapped and you know it UH…
Strapped and you know it UH…
Gambled with your life…
You done crapped and you know it UH…
It’s a dirty game, I watch you live in pain
I watch you fall apart, it never be the same
You never be the same, You never be the same
See it’s a broken heart, but every dog has it’s day UH…


Dirty Blac Chorus:
I was standing on the corner slangin’ caine
Just another young nigga having thangs maine
And I was standing on the corner slangin’ caine
Just another young nigga having thangs maine