[Part I: The Blacker The Berry]

[Verse]
I'm the biggest hypocrite of 2015
I'm the biggest hypocrite of 2015
When I finish this if you listenin' sure you will agree
Been feeling this way since I was 16, came to my senses
You never liked us anyway, [?] your friendship, I meant it
I'm African-American, I'm African
I'm black as the moon, heritage of a small village
Pardon my residence
Came from the bottom of mankind
My hair is nappy, you know that it's big, my nose is round and wide
You hate me don't you?
You hate my people, your plan is to terminate my culture
You know you're evil I want you to recognize that I'm a proud monkey
You vandalize my perception but can't take style from me
And this is more than confession
I mean I might press the button just so you know my discretion
I'm guardin' my feelings, I know that you feel it
You sabotage my community, makin' a killin'
You made me a killer, emancipation of a real higga

[Interlude]
As we proceed
To give you what you need
Trap our bodies but can't lock our minds
Everybody just stop
(The bigger I shoot)

[Hook: Assassin]
I said they treat me like a slave, cah' me black
Woi, we feel a whole heap of pain, cah' we black
And man a say they put me in a chain, cah' we black
Imagine now, big gold chain full of rocks
How you no see the whip, left scars pon' me back
But now we have a big whip, parked pon' the block
All them say we doomed from the start, cah' we black
Remember this, every race start from the block, just remember that

[Interlude]
As we proceed
To give you what you need
Lock our body, can't trap our mind

[Part II: Alright]

[Hook]
We gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
We gon' be a-

[Verse 1]
Uh, and when I wake up
I recognize you're lookin' at me for the pay cut
But homicide be lookin' at you from the face down
What Mac-11 even boom with the bass down
Schemin', and let me tell you 'bout my life
Painkillers only put me in the twilight
Where pretty women and women, and it's the highlight
Now tell my momma I love her but this what I like, Lord knows
20 of 'em in my Chevy, tell 'em all to come and get me
Everything I know, karma comin' heavy
No preliminary hearings on my record
Tell em' other gangsters silence for the record
Tell the world I know it's too late
Boys and girls, I think I gone cray
Drown inside my vices all day
Won't you please believe when I say

[Pre-Hook]
Wouldn't you know
We been hurt, down before
When our pride was low
Lookin' at the world, "Where do we go?"
I'm at the preacher's door
They wanna kill us dead, at the preacher's door
We said give 'em some more
This one time, do it fo' sho
But we gon' be alright

[Hook]
We gon' be alright
We gon' be alright (hello)
We gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright (P!)
We gon' be alright (hello)
We gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright

[Verse 2]
What you want, you a house, you a car?
Acres and a mule, a piano, a guitar?
Anything, see my name is Lucy, I'm your dog
You can live at the mall
I can see the evil, I can smell it, I know it's illegal
I don't think about it, I deposit every other zero
Diggin' in my pocket, candy paint it on the Regal
Diggin' in my pocket, ain't a profit big enough to feed you
Everyday my logic get another dollar just to keep you
In the presence of your chico... ah!
I don't talk about it, be about it, everyday I sequel
I don't talk about it, 'bout it, everyday I see
I don't talk about it, 'bout it, everyday I see
I don't talk about it, 'bout it, everyday I see
Pet dog, pet dog, pet dog, my dog, that's all
Pick back and chat, I trap the back for y'all
I rap, I'm black on track so rest assured
My rights, my wrongs; I write 'til I'm right with...
God

[Part III: Untitled 5]

[Verse]
It's been a week already
Feeling weak already
Got me at peak, possibility of what could be
Situation is heavy, I've got to prove
On February twenty sixth I lost my life too
It's like I'm here in a dark dream
Nightmare, hear screams recorded
Say that it sounds distorted but they know who it was
That was me yelling for help when he drowned in his blood
Why didn't he defend himself? Why couldn't he throw a punch?
And for our community do you know what this does?
Add to a trail of hatred
Twenty twelve was taped for the world to see
Set us back another four-hundred years
This is modern day slavery
The reason why I'm by your house
You threw your briefcase all on the couch
I plan on creeping through your damn door and blowing out
Every piece of your brain
'Til your son jumps into your arms
Cut off the engine then sped off in a Wraith
I'm on the dash with my bible in the trunk
Had the vodka on the top
How come I can long time
How come I could make it popular?
Puff on what I want
How come I could make it popular?
Puff on what I want
See I'm living with anxiety
Giving up sobriety
Cussing with his sister
And playing with society
Justice ain't free
Therefore justice ain't me
Try and justify staying, obituary
Why you wanna see a good man with a broken heart?
Once upon a time, I go to church and talk to God
Now I'm thinking to myself
Hollow tips is all I got
Now I'm drinking by myself
At the end of Section Park
Caught you when you walk besides your house
You threw your briefcase all on the couch
I plan on creeping through your damn door and blowing out
Every piece of your brain
'Til your son jumps into your arms
The engine then sped off in a wraith
I said Hiiipower, one time you see it
Hiiipower, two times, you see it
Hiiipower, two times, you see it
Conversation for the entire nation this is bigger than us