[Samples]

[Intro]
September 22nd, 2009
Kendrick Lamar
To... to...

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
Let me start off this letter saying I don't like you
Scared of you but I will fight you
I stare at the ceiling and think about you
Curiosity killing me, thinking of when I'ma meet you
You introduced yourself to so many others, mothers, sisters and brothers, children and babies drive me crazy I wonder
Why you love people that love people that do right?
Is it rocket science to you or is it just your type?
One of my biggest fears, is waking up 4 in the morning and gotta hear you met one of my peers
Or maybe a family member that you thought was cool
Or maybe a person that I'll never meet 'cause of you
You, son of a bitch and I wish you never existed
And I swear I'd blow your brains out if you pay me a visit
But that's not realistic, 'cause you'll never rot
But I'ma still send this letter off
P.O. Box, and when you get it....

[Hook]
Please take it personal
Please take it personal
Please take it personal
Because it's personal

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
Let me continue this letter saying I don't like you
Scared of you but I will fight you
Should be ashamed of the moves you make
The pain you bring, the sorrow and the hearts you break
Everyday you remind me that you're always there
'Cause every time I come around someone's getting shot down
And all I say is a prayer, "so help me, Lord!"
Then the Lord talk back, "I can't help you, boy!"
That's fucked up, my life's fucked, was cursed before birth
And what's fucked up, I gotta live my life with the hurt
Of knowing that you're everlasting
Dwelling upon the masses
Of the Earth fatal assassins
Snatchin' bodies
Probably, on my notepad as I write
Why the fuck you wanna take my life?
Sooner or later, I'm tired and weary and my gray hairs are not in my favor
So when I write on this paper
It's real talk
So...

[Hook]
Please take it personal
Please take it personal
Please take it personal
Because it's personal

[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar as Death]
Let me start off this letter saying I don't like you too
And the reason we haven't met because I've been busy doing whatever since grade school
I've watched your every move
You slipped up a few times, I gave you a pass
So don't say I ain't sympathetic
But you can barely get curiosity, I'ma dead it
Everybody wanna know why I act this way
Let's just say... I had a bad day
Matter fact, everyday
But I take it out on somebody and you could probably find me wherever the wolves parade
I was born to be a killjoy, I'm an old brat
Conceived by Adam and Eve, so who you mad at?
Not me, see me? I'm just doing my job
And you ducking me? Is mos def an odd
So why send this letter as if I never knew you?
I rather knock on your door and just hand it to you

[Interlude: Ab-Soul]
It's everywhere
The streets, the corners, the coroners, the morgues, the cemeteries, hospitals
Heard about it when I was little
Tomorrow's not promised, 'cause any day can be knocking at your front door
War, genocide, homicide, suicide all coincide
Signed and sealed by the living
Make it, don't take it

[Hook: Kendrick Lamar]
Please take it personal
Please take it personal
Please take it personal
Because it's personal