[Intro: A$AP Rocky]
Yeah
On my young niggas, on my done nigga (Done)
Yeah (Done)
Woo!

[Chorus: M.I.A. & A$AP Rocky]
Hey-ay-oh-ay-ah, hey (Yeah, yeah)
Hey-ay-oh-ay-ah, hey (On my young nigga, on my done nigga (Done, done), court blood one time!)
Hey-ay-oh-ay-ah, hey (Woo! Uh!)
Hey-ay-oh-ay-ah, hey (Woo! Uh!)
Hey-ay-oh-ay-ah, hey (Woo! Uh!)
Hey-ay-oh-ay-ah, hey (Woo! Uh!)
Floatation device, hey
Elevate your life, hey
We with ceiling lights, hey
Sipping from the kite, hey

[Verse 1: Pharrell]
We in love at the rally (Hey)
Thought they had to add the clothes (Yeah)
Tonight we unify society (Hey)
All my sisters and my bros (Yeah)
Against the wind, they gon' shoot us (Hey)
Regardless which way it blows (Yeah)
In the moon like we're Venus (Hey)
Kites like UFOs
Nigga hold the door (Nigga hold the door)
What you try'na to close it for? (Try'na close it for)
Nigga hold the door (Nigga hold the door)
There's room for some many more (Room for so many more)
Hey! Hey! Hey!

[Verse 2: Pharrell]
Wake up in the morning, don't know if you're coming back
When we do the moshin', we make sense if we was done
Everybody need space, okay
If you got the light inside, you know you need the black!
If you want to shine way out!
If you want to shine way out!
Way, way, way out!
If you want to bring the day out

[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar, Pharrell, Both, & A$AP Rocky]
Kites on my radar, life in my palms
We unite through the chaos (Only for the purist)
Tell them to obey ours
My cerebellum threw a rebellion from AR's
(Room full of boom sticks)
The day I have a J.R., I tell him to work for God only
And quit his day job (Motherfuck the bullshit)
Radio never play ours
This revolution ain't televised with prayer
Jumping over borders (Woo!)
Ain't no ruler for restrictions, ain't no police to deport us (Uh!)
Ain't no summers for our sons, ain't no dealings for our daughters (Woo!)
Every prosecution hung, save the verdict for the lawyers (Uh!)
Illuminate the corner (Woo!), celebrate humanity
And scream back at me in the morning (Uh!)
Every field in Mississippi, every street in California (Woo!)
Know the devil is a liar, it's the time to be anointed (Uh!)
Truck into a stream, disconnected to a dream
Head bussin', hittin' nothing, even if I gotta bleed
Sittin' waiting patient for a universal pain
Politicking with the nation, this is big as you and me huh?
I let you find my contacts, okay
Tryna set us off for combat, no way
Waking up the spirit it's on every human being
If you with us, then you scream so one day you can shine way out!
Me, I'm way, way out
Way out, way out

[Bridge: Pharrell & M.I.A.]
Way, way, way out
Hey, hey
Wanna bring the fucking crayon
Hey, hey

[Verse 4: M.I.A. & A$AP Rocky]
The girls in here are the humblest
We drink out our plastic tumblers
While you see us on Tumblrs
We wanna get a job as a baroness
They don't want no goddamn foreigners!
Say, "Hey, you, you wanna marry us?"
Carriers the cross, they carry us
I wanna get high 'cause I'm curious
I'm serious, I hope you are feeling us (Woo!)
I'm paying all these with periods (Uh!)
With mobiles are running delirious (Woo!)
It's our dream, out of this radius (Uh!)
I'm lettin' off kites to the barriers (Woo!)
I'm lettin' off kites to the barriers (Uh!)
I'm lettin' off kites to the barriers (Woo!)
Let-let-letttin' off kites to the barriers (Uh!)

[Outro: Chad Hugo]
There's room for so many more
Hey!