[Intro]
Oh oh oh oh... oh oh oh oh
Hey hey hey hey...hey hey hey hey
Alright, alright, alright, alright
Alright, alright, alright, alright...

[Verse 1: Kendrick]
Hey...hey.... Kendrick Lamar
I'm feeling like a motherfucking animal, Hannibal Lecter 2012
Elected to execute every rapper than has excelled
If music you callin', then you ball it, pick up your cell
If a nigga said he could see me, bet he told you in Braille
Fucker, put you on front street and buy some bread
Nigga you lunch meat, you shoulda worked at Subway instead
Goliath couldn't bear my triumph
I'm a leader, walk behind me as I walk through Zion
Swing your swords like I'm sparring with a Spartan
Make they face drop when the beat drop, I drop a rare jewel like a Martin
Fool man courage, balling like PeeWee Kirkland
Call him a Kirk Franklin, stomp 'em and leave 'em hurting
No judgement for the plaintiffs, they tried to find me guilty
Of as spitting as filthy as ODB, but I've been OD
Since '03 that's march 14th, my first recordings
I kicked it like Wheat Thin musical Chuck Norris

[Hook: CurT@!n$]
I'm a maniac
Ain't no telling where they pay me at
The sky can't see where I'm aiming at
Wherever I'm at, that's where danger at
Looky here boy... I'm a maniac
Ain't no telling where they made me at
Run up in your crib, "where the paper at?"
You the nigga, fine, you better pay me that
Looky here boy...

[Verse 2: CurT@!n$]
Nigga wake up, go on and shut your face up
Get your little ship sunk, fuck it with an anchor
Go on, get your cake up, so you can step your weight up
Get your little plate crushed, fucking with a bassa
Serve niggas like waiters, straight no chaser
Scissors, Glock, shoot for that paper
Wake up, when I was 17, it was money over everything
Perfected the craft, made this a cheddar thing
Carried on the dream like Coretta King
Standing outside the door until they let us in
Niggas only hustle to get better things
Still the Feds mark us like Lady Eloise
I'm getting Starbucks, little vanilla bean
If you pull that thing, than you better squeeze
Me and K.Dot wiling in the street, Rott-
Weiler, no collar, we clear the place out
If you don't want that trouble than turn your face 'round
Lay you flat like treble, we pull the bass out
You know who definitely in the place now
Real niggas up in this bitch, we send the fake out

[Hook]

Oh oh oh oh... oh oh oh oh
Hey hey hey hey...hey hey hey hey
Alright, alright, alright, alright
Alright, alright, alright, alright...

[Verse 3: Chace Infinite]
I can see what your thinking', my vision is intrusive
This is pure, untapped energy in the music
Insane with the pen I'm deranged
A maniac untamed, fighting through guards in every line, it's a cage
Maniacal, mad man of the day, nobody's safe when I'm wanting
Sniping niggas like John, keep out on my hundred
You haters hunted, how lyrical you want it?
My action is irrational, whenever confronted
Yours true to the left brain, bullied my mind fully
Automatic, your filters are off killing reality
Make casualties out of these rappers, based on fallacies
Blood thirsty, ready for more murking
Reading my genius in my narratives, between first and third person
Out of the box swerving, thoughts oxygen
I'm all precise on it, a poison-tipped archer
With the conviction of a martyr
A maniac like a felon going off of their water

[Hook]

Oh oh oh oh... oh oh oh oh
Hey hey hey hey...hey hey hey hey
Alright, alright, alright, alright
Alright, alright, alright, alright...

[Hook]