[Intro]
How Long you been Banging?

I been banging sense 85
On the real this shit ain't no gimmick
Or no game my nigga! this hit is real live
Thruthful type shit my nigga!
You know what im saying?
On the real my nigga!
And I lost a lot of real niggas to this hit

[Verse 1: Dope Boy Esko]

Yeah...Coughs

You can smell marijuana in every corna
From South Central to Arizona
You heard the state, the murder rate
The killer cali-California
Cops get caught outside the Compton court
By cold killers like they caught Pneumonia
See the 90's was like Pulp fiction
Jerry curl juice drippin'
On 45's when we dumpin' on ya
Grew up in the slums were we glorify guns
& Gain respect by jumpin' on corners
& Dumping at you, cops just jump in action
Trigger happy but nobody's gun is smiling
When somebody's son is dying
911 that's who you dialing?
Ku Klux Klan that who you dialing?
Killers wear blue and move in silence
Hear the sirens? Scatter in disarray
My block's been hotter than dinner plates
We got beef like a foreman
You laying dormant at your wake
Real superheroes end in coffins with no capes
Me & Kendrick Top Dawg, Dogg Pound, Future rich Shit
Picture that with no Instagram, bullet to your temple
You better pray that my pistol jams
Yeah!

[Hook]
Kill kill kill, murder murder murder 8x
Killa cali you can try you can die motherfucker!
Killa cali you can try you can die motherfucker!

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]

Compton Shit! Yeah! Dope Boy I fuck with you nigga!

Uh, fuck em all, kill 'em all off
Sent 'em off to the Holy One
Put a hole in one like miniature golf
You doubled your profit?
Well I see triple like Ricky Ross
Hand over the cloth, cloth over gun
Gun over your jaw, bullet over your tongue
Stick my dick inside hip hop and shorty sprung
Every time I get a chance to cum over I overcome
Over the snare drum
Say who fucking with you if you the God MC?
I tell em nun! Get it? I tell em Nun
Catholic nor a Christian, holding the book of sums
In back of my true religions
From the murder capitol niggas cap at your neighbors
And never tell you who did it
Aiming for your grill like a dentist working on British
Teeth if you speak get shot in the mouth bitches
Its like that sent shots at a crip or a blood or an Essay
Bet they coming right back....RIGHT?

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Scoe]

Bitch! uh west Scoe Gotti Yeah

Gun shots wake me up from a light slumber
Another murder what I see when I open my shutters
We from the gutter no bread and butter just lead and water
Either you bite the bullet or you can die from the hunger
The sun's getting lower, the corner's getting darker
Guns getting loaded to slaughter our sons and daughters
Its time to get smarter cause time's getting harder
Every second the unemployment line is getting longer
Baby crying and mama she don't know what to do!
I know it's tragic but in the projects its nothing new
I'm just kicking it luxury cliquing it
Watching the news the shit's fucking ridiculous
Roll a cigar cup full of codeine
Cash in a rubber band pistol in my other hand
Killa cali this the realist state most expensive real estate
Benz with the dealer plates !

[Hook]