[Intro: Dan Reynolds]
I'm wakin' up to ash and dust
I wipe my brow and I sweat my rust
I'm breathin' in the chemicals
I'm breaking in, shaping up, checking out on the prison bus
This is it, the apocalypse

[Intro: Kendrick Lamar]
YA! YA! YA! YA!

[Hook]
"Man down, where you from, nigga?"
"Fuck who you know! Where you from, my nigga?"
"Where your grandma stay, huh, my nigga?"
"This m.A.A.d city I run, my nigga"

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
Brace yourself, I'll take you on a trip down memory lane
This is not a rap on how I'm slingin' crack or move cocaine
This is cul-de-sac and plenty Cognac and major pain
Not the drill sergeant, but the stress that weighin' on your brain
It was me, L Boog, and Yan Yan
YG Lucky ride down Rosecrans
It got ugly, wavin' yo' hand out the window – check yourself!
Uh, Warriors and Conans
Hope euphoria can slow dance
With society, the driver seat the first one to get killed
Seen a light-skinned nigga with his brains blown out
At the same burger stand where *beep* hang out
Now this is not a tape recorder sayin' that he did it
But ever since that day, I was lookin' at him different
That was back when I was nine, Joey packed the nine
Pakistan on every porch is fine, we adapt to crime
Pack a van with four guns at a time
With the sliding door, fuck is up?
Fuck you shootin' for if you ain't walkin' up, you fuckin' punk?
Pickin' up the fuckin' pump, pickin' off you suckers
Suck a dick or die or sucker punch
A wall of bullets comin' from
AK's, AR's, "Ayy, y'all, duck!"
That's what Momma said when we was eatin' the free lunch
Aw man, goddamn, all hell broke loose
You killed my cousin back in '94, fuck yo' truce!
Now crawl your head in that noose
You wind up dead on the news
Ain't no peace treaty, just pieces BG's up to pre-approve
Bodies on top of bodies, IV's on top of IV's
Obviously the coroner between the sheets like the Isleys
When you hop on that trolley, make sure your colors correct
Make sure you're corporate or they'll be callin' your mother collect
They say the governor collect all of our taxes, except
When we in traffic and tragic happens, that shit ain't no threat
You movin' backwards if you suggest that you sleep with a TEC
Go buy a chopper and have a doctor on speed dial, I guess
Lets get It!

[Hook]
"Man down, where you from, nigga?"
"I said, where your grandma stay, huh, my nigga?"
"This m.A.A.d city I run, my nigga"

[Intro: Kendrick Lamar]
If Pirus and Crips all got along
They'd probably gun me down by the end of this song
Seem like the whole city go against me
Every time I'm in the street, I say—
YA! YA! YA! YA!

[Hook: Dan Reynolds]
I'm wakin' up, I feel it in my bones
Enough to make my systems blow
Welcome to the new age, to the new age
Welcome to the new age, to the new age
[YAWK! YAWK! YAWK! YAWK!]
Whoa, whoa, I'm radioactive, radioactive
Whoa, whoa, I'm radioactive, radioactive

[Bridge: Dan Reynolds+Kendrick Lamar]
All systems go
[Systems go]
The sun it hasn't died
[Hasn't died]
Deep in my bones
[In my bones]
Straight from inside

[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar]

Bury me alive, bury me with pride
Bury me with berries, that forbidden fruit and cherry wine
Thank you berry much, but tonight's my night and I'm Barry Bonds
Swingin' for the fences, barbaric Kendrick in idle time
Everything in life's subject to change, change whip, change grind
Change clothes, change opinions, right before I change my mind
I don't really know yah business, been in there since I was bendin' Lego blocks
Now you tell the world about me, dry snitch
Tater tots on my shotgun, I gotta pop one at the stars
Sky's the limit, I gotta finish as the first rapper on Mars
Mark my word, I'ma make my mark, when they start their Martial Law
When these Martians alienate, my mental state is still at heart
Lord, look in my eyes, tell me I died, tell me I tried, to compromise
Tell me you love me, tell me that I, don't really care and can barely decide
Wishin' good luck on my enemies, energy go to the almighty God
Drown in a bottle of Hennessy, with no amenities
I'm gettin' better with time
Aaah!

[Hook: Dan Reynolds]
I'm wakin' up, I feel it in my bones
Enough to make my systems blow
Welcome to the new age, to the new age
Welcome to the new age, to the new age
Whoa, whoa, I'm radioactive, radioactive
Whoa, whoa, I'm radioactive, radioactive

[Outro: Kendrick Lamar]
Can you feel me with time, can you feel me
Can you feel me with time, can you
Hey
Can you feel me with time
Oh
Can you feel me with time, can you
Can you feel me with time, can you feel me
Can you feel me with time
[Dan Reynolds]
Radioactive, radioactive