[Intro: Kendrick Lamar]
You know once upon a time, not long ago
There was a caterpillar that lived life slow
And a couple inches he stood
And he said to the butterfly, "What's good?"
And the butterfly told him one day he gon' make him rich
And then they said something else
I don't remember what they said
But I think it was something like the lines of:

Wesley's Theory:
[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
When I get signed, homie, I'mma act a fool
Hit the dance floor, strobe lights in the room
Snatch your little secretary thing for the homies
Blue-eyed devil with a fat old monkey
I'mma buy a brand new Caddy on fours
Trunk the hood up, two times, deuce-four
Platinum on everything, platinum on wedding ring
Married to the game and a bad thing chose
When I get signed, homie, I'ma buy a strap
Straight from the CIA, set it on my lap
Take a few M-16s to the hood
Pass them all out on the block, what's good?
I'mma put the Compton swap meet by the White House
Republican run up, get socked out
Hit the Pres with a Cuban link on my neck
Uneducated, but I got a million-dollar check hold on

[Pre-Hook: Kendrick Lamar & Thundercat]
We should've never gave
We should've never gave brothers
Money go back home, money go back home
We should've never gave
We should've never gave brothers, money go back home, money go back home

Momma:
[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
This feeling is unmatched
This feeling is brought to you by adrenaline and good rap
Black Pendleton ball cap
We don't share the same synonym, fall back
Been in it before internet had new acts
Mimicking radio's nemesis made me wack
My innocence limited the experience lacked
Ten of us with no tentative tactic that cracked
The mind of a literate writer, but I did it in fact
You admitted it once I submitted it wrapped in plastic
Remember scribbling scratching diligent sentences backwards
Visiting freestyle cyphers for your reaction

[Interlude: Kendrick Lamar (Anna Wise)]
(Kendrick Lamar) Oh, what's going on?
(Something's on my mind) I think something on my mind, too
(I think it's about that time) I think it's about that time
(Put a little pimping in my pocket) Hit me!

King Kunta:
[Intro 2: Kendrick Lamar]
I got a bone to pick
I don't want you monkey-mouth... sitting in my throne again
(Hold up)
I'm mad (he mad!), but I ain't stressing, noo
True friends, one question

[Hook: Kendrick Lamar]
Tell me, where you when I was walking?
Now I run the game, whole world talking, King Kunta
Everybody wanna cut the legs off him, Kunta
Black man taking no losses, oh yeah
Tell me where you when I was walking?
Now I run the game, whole world talking, King Kunta
Everybody wanna cut the legs off him

[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar & (Anna Wise)]
When you got the yams (What's the yams?)
The yam is the power that be, be, be, be, be
You can smell it when I'm walking down the street
(Oh yes we can, oh yes we can)
I can dig rappin'
But a rapper with a ghost writer, tell me what happened to you?
(Oh no!)
No, I swore I wouldn't tell
But most of y'all sharing bars like you got the bottom bunk in a two man cell (A two man cell?)
Something's in the water (Something's in the water)
And if I gotta brown nose for some gold
Then I'd rather be a bum than a dumb, dumb baller

[Hook: Kendrick Lamar]
Tell me, where were you when I was walking?
Now I run the game got the whole world talking, King Kunta
Everybody wanna cut the legs off him, Kunta
Black man taking no losses, oh yeah
Tell me where were you when I was walking?
Now I run the game, whole world talking, King Kunta
Everybody wanna cut the legs off him

[Verse 4: Kendrick Lamar (Anna Wise)]
When you got the yams... (What's the yams?)
The yam brought it out of Richard Pryor, R.I.P.
Manipulated Bill Clinton with desires
24/7, 365 days times two, I was contemplating getting on stage
Just to go back to the hood, see my enemy and say

[Hook: Kendrick Lamar]
Tell me, where were you when I was walkin'?
Now I run the game got the whole world talkin', King Kunta
Everybody wanna cut the legs off him, Kunta
Black man taking no losses, oh yeah
Tell me where were you when I was walkin'?
Now I run the game, whole world talkin', King Kunta
Everybody wanna cut the legs off him
When you got the yams... (What's the yams?)

[Verse 5: Kendrick Lamar]
(You goat-mouth, mammy f-)
I was gonna kill a couple rappers but they did it to themselves
Everybody's suicidal, even need my help
This is elementary, I'll probably go to jail
If I shoot at your identity and bounce to the left
Stuck a flag in my city, everybody's screaming "Compton!"
I should probably run for Mayor when I'm done, to be honest
And I put that on my Mama and my baby boo, too
(Twenty million walkin' out the court building, woo woo!)

u:
[Verse 6: Kendrick Lamar]
Aahh, aahh, aahh!
I place blame on you still, place shame on you still
Feel like you ain't it, feel like you don't feel
Confidence in yourself, breaking on marble floors
Watching anonymous strangers, telling me that I'm yours
But you ain't it, I'm convinced your tolerance nothing special
What can I blame you for, I can name several
Situations, I'll start with your little sister baking
A baby inside, just a teenager, where your patience?
What was your influence, where was the influence you speak of?
You preached in front of 100,000 but never reached her
I tell you, you damn failure — you ain't no leader!
I never liked you, forever despise you — I don't need you!
The world don't need you, don't let them deceive you
Numbers lie too, buck your pride too, that's for dedication
Thought money would change you, made you more complacent
I hate you, I hope you embrace it
I swear

[Hook 2: Kendrick Lamar]
Loving you is complicated, loving you is -mplicated
Loving you is compli-, loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated
Loving you, not loving you, one hundred proof

[Bridge]
(I can feel your body recognize that you're ashamed of me)
You're afraid of me
(Yes I hate you too)
Yes I

[Outro]
When you look in my eye
Tell me there's more inside
Tell me you're feeling high
Tell me you're here tonight
Tell me you hear my pain
Hear my soul, how you feeling?
Now you know
If you see it, if you would, God
Now get the gold yeah
Wooh!