Hey
I got something to say to you
Oh I know but..
I can't believe
Oh
I know..
But since it's something that I've never seen
Oh, oh, oh...
I'm having trouble looking up above
No, no, no.. it's not the sun, it's what I'm guilty of
I'm so afraid that danger will appear as some kind stranger who can't stop his stare
Well if i read deep, into my beliefs, stop right here
Is my life a mystery or something more than I can see?
Searching high and low below the line
Am I just an element in this worldwide accident?
How can I see who am I?
I've always thought that danger was a way to cure my anger, and to ease my pain
Never will accept defeat
Never back down, no retreat, far from real
If you can hear me, if you can see me, give me the sign and you..
Answer my prayer
If you can hear me, if you can feel me, I'll give you the sign, so please..
Answer my prayer
All of my life, I..
I've been afraid
If I did wrong, I'd surely pay
Who's to say what's right and what is wrong
And if I steal, put me away
And if I've killed, put me to death
Am I still forgiven for my sins
I've always thought of heaven as a myth where all the legends smile eternal smiles
If I breathe deep, I'll disturb this sleep
If you can hear me, if you can see me, give me the sign..
Answer my prayer
If you can hear me, if you can feel me, I'll give you the sign, so please..
Answer my prayer
If you can hear me, if you can see me, give me the sign and just..
Answer my prayer
Well I'm on my knees and I'm begging please
Give me the sign
Answer.. my prayer
Well, I'm flying higher than I've ever known
And I'm flying higher than I can ever go
Let me go
Is there a time for a.. burned out mind who can't seem to find, there might be something better
Just one chance is all that I'm praying for
There has got to be some good left within me
Every time that I think about what's mine, my whole world caves in
Leaves me with nothin'.. no, no, no
Answer my..
If you can hear me, if you can see me, give me the sign..
Answer my prayer
And if you can save me, if you embrace me, give me the sign..
Answer my prayer
And if you can hear me, if you can see me, give me the sign
I'm on my knees and I'm begging please, give me the sign..
Answer my prayer