[Intro: Paris]
Attention all citizens! Attention all citizens! The United States of America is now under martial law. All constitutional rights have been suspended in the name of national security. Absolute compliance is necessary for protection of the fatherland. The New World Order now dictates that the penalty for dissent is death. This is your new reality. Do not attempt to think or depression may occur. War is peace. Consume, conform and obey. Remain calm

[Verse 1: Paris]
P-Dog, Guerrilla Funk, taking sheep from the slaughter
These automatics let 'em have it, fuck a new world order
Sick of tryin', sick of cryin' why we die and in prison?
Ain't no complyin' only violence is what's makin' 'em listen
Fuck a politician all they ever do is ignore
And fuck a closed border right to lifer callin' for war
Fuck these closed minded simple evangelical whores
And they stupid ass home schooled illiterate spawn
Fuck a Huckabee we buckin' these, ain't nothin' that's good
Fuck a black ops and helicopters all in my hood
Fuck a Bilderberger, we gon' serve 'em, people unite
Fuck the military using kids to murder and fight
All I'm hearin' is these teary cries supporting the troops
All I'm seein' is these teary eyes whenever we lose
But what the hell they ever do besides pillage and shoot?
At all the colored people in they villages when they loot
It's all known, its evil at bohemian Grove
I see that shit, see the cousins, see the skull and the bones
See it comin' see the dollar fall, never atone
See the martial law, see the nazi criminal clones
See the police so we pack, and stay strapped with black gats
For get back, when they clap, we clap back, now take that, and
Up in the morning early gunnin' for my opponents I'm knowing
They ain't prepared as me guerrilla warfare in the streets
What you believin' in? I'm askin' the youth
That's from a Triple OG repeatin' freedom and truth
So many stripes and I'm in this motherfucka, look at the proof
I'm showin' you don't have be complacent, facin' the racist and ruthless
It's for ya mind, for ya body and soul
Now it's a battle for your money and for global control
But will the cattle wake up? Now that's what I wanna know
Shout to power in this motherfucka, wake 'em and show 'em, I'm sayin'

[Hook: Paris]
We ride on racists, Rights are basic
We advise you, Rise and take it
Tell me how many gonna hear the call
And how many of us know it's martial law

When the police kill and have no regrets
And governments represent the one percent
Please tell me how many gonna hear the call
And how many of us know it's martial law

[Verse 2: M-1]
This ain't a threat, it's a promise, I put that on my mama
And somebody gonna pay 'cause it's death before dishonor
They will never forgive, they ain't gon' never forget
So we set it off in the east, and we set it off in the west
It's the code to the streets, it's for the black and the poor
I learned that in the visiting room with Dr. Mutulu Shakur
He sacrificed for the fight, and that helped me see the light
'Cause a political education ain't just reading and writing

[Verse 3: stic.man]
I see freedom in Swahili on the wall in graffiti
A spray can became a silent voice for the needy
Ghetto children inherit the slums and tenements
In the projects, livin' off crumbs is bullshit
Ninety percent of the world's wealth controlled by ten percent
And America's the richest country in the world, ain't this a bitch?
How we livin' in conditions of poverty every day
And our realest leaders in the pen until their hair turns gray

[Verse 4: KAM]
The struggle of the 60s and the 70s is back
But black rappers, athletes and celebrities is wack
Wanna act like they a thug, but they ain't never with the fight plan
Busy in the club, drunk in love with the white man
Just a one night stand, freak for your people
Then it's back to the track where you speakin' no evil
Got the coward disease, so you need to go to church for it
We only lookin' for the Gs - search warrant

[Hook: Paris]
We ride on racists, Rights are basic
We advise you, Rise and take it
Tell me how many gonna hear the call
And how many of us know it's martial law

When the police kill and have no regrets
And governments represent the one percent
Please tell me how many gonna hear the call
And how many of us know it's martial law

Sayin' woof motherfucka woof motherfucka woof (woof motherfucka woof motherfucka woof)
Sayin' woof motherfucka woof motherfucka woof (woof motherfucka woof motherfucka woof)
Sayin' woof motherfucka woof motherfucka woof (woof motherfucka woof motherfucka woof)
Sayin' woof motherfucka woof motherfucka woof (woof motherfucka woof motherfucka woof)

[Outro: Paris]
Attention all citizens! Attention all citizens! All individuals must pass through security checkpoints for VeriChip compliance. All citizens are required to attend mandatory worship service on Sunday. Trust your government. We will protect you. Consume, conform and obey. Fear minorities and those different from you. War is peace. Lies are truth. The number one enemy of progress is questions. We are your God. Remain calm. Remain calm