I just be daydreamin' all the time

One, two, three, hit it!

One, two, three, hit it!

One, two, three, hit it!

[Verse 1]
Up everyday around 11 o'clock
With the whole household like on my jock
Sweatin' me to go out there and get a job
Just save y'all breath, 'cause I'm finna mob
I'm tired of this, just kickin' it poor
A full house every night and gotta sleep on the floor
I ain't got no privacy and no space
I need to get paid and get my own place
When I wasn't getting paid, it wasn't no fair
No money to spend and no clothes to wear
Just playin' undercover, tryin' to make it happen
Crime didn't work, so what's up on rappin'?
I listen to the radio every day
Seein' what songs get the most airplay
Compare what I made to the cuts on the radio
I've been writing since 1980 though
Waitin' for the chance to do my thing
Hopin' everyday that the phone'll ring
I waited long enough and I came too far
So it's about time I became a star

One, two, three, hit it!

[Verse 2]
I just be daydreamin' all the time
That I started makin' records and everybody buy 'em
Doin' concerts, shows and makin' videos
Playin' all day long on the radio
Imagine myself, or yet me and my brother
Sittin' on the shelf on a album cover
With the number one single, sure to be hit
Homeboys talkin' 'bout (That's the shit)
Rushin' cassettes like they going out of style
And now I'm the top of your record pile
And people know me like a book, because I'm from the Hub
And now I got juice in every club
Yeah, the perfect dream, just one thing missing
What about all the motherfuckers that was dissin'?
And thought I was a low-life, callin' me a boy
Brushin' me off and tryin' to play me like a toy
It made my life hell 'til I felt like a jerk
So I grabbed a notebook and put in work
Writin' and recitin' as I let off steam
And I called the cut "My Daydream"

One, two, three, hit it!

[Verse 3]
Now I could just see it, my picture in the papers
And just like Biz, be like spreadin' The Vapors
All through Compton the record shops sold it
12-inch rocketed and many got molded
Just took over the Compton scene
For a minute I'm in it up to here with my daydream
Just get started with my MC reign
Stayin' in your system just like cocaine
Wantin' more and more while the mic is lit
Rewind the tape for another hit
From the M double C A-M in the mornin'
Noon and night, got customers pourin' in
Asking for a dub, but gettin' no love
First come, first serve, don't push, don't shove
Just form a line, I got the triple beam
To weigh each play of my daydream

One, two, three, hit it!

[Verse 4]
Fantasizin' about gettin' fame
And seein' all ages recognize my name
Livin' by the seashore, rollin' in a rag
Low to the ground, car sweeter than a fag
With incredible sound, 1989 shot
Everything Alpine, top of the line, got
Woofers in the trunk, tweeters in the front
Mids in the door, car kickin' like a punt
Buyin' rings and things all beyond belief
Like fat link chains and diamond teeth
Cordless phones and let's see what's next
Tortoise-shell glasses and EK specs
And then sportin' new fashion and casual wear
Styles you need a certain savoir faire
Got class and a half, bass high and mids
A positive influence on the kids
With a will to accomplish and climb any mountain
Proof is in the pudding and the money I'm countin'
Straight went for mine and that's my theme
And why I wrote "My Daydream"

One, two, three, hit it!

One, two, three, hit it!

One, two, three, hit it!