[Hook 4X]
("With the boom, ping-ping!
Listen to the ill shit that I bring-bring!")

[Verse 1: Erick Sermon]
What's the 411?
Erick Sermon, Ice Cube, and KAM here to get the job done
So back the fuck up! I have an attitude, dude, I'm 'bout ta get rude
I'm buckin' out shots during my interlude
Right about now I'm 'bout ta get courageous like the cat
Got the gat in the corner of my back so get my bozack
American Dream, the people choice pick
I flip more vowels than Pat Sajak's white bitch
I'm bad, ask Michael Jackson's dad about the E-Double
The mack fram, the black superman
Made of steel, the mic I'm holdin' is a Samson
E-D the Green Eyed Bandit in raw fashion
I'm lettin' niggas know my territory
My grind is rugged. I kill a million niggas so fuck it!
Knick knack paddy wack, give a dog a bone
Once again it's on with the brand new song, yeah boy!

[Hook 4X]
("With the boom, ping-ping!
Listen to the ill shit that I bring-bring!")

[Verse 2: KAM]
Goddamn, not KAM! But I'm afraid so
I lay low like a brick, quick to make a cameo
So hand me your eardrum 'cause here comes the 4-11
Little devils don't go to heaven
187 on a saltine cracker
Smack a, paranoid Caucasoid, don't make me have to act a fool
Watts up, now you can determine
The West Coast niggas is down with Erick Sermon
On the G tip, we trips hard on the opposition
Three niggas on a mission
So listen to the Ill Shit 'cause we'll get wreck!
What you expect! Fuck a rain, nigga, take a chin check!

[Hook 4X]
("With the boom, ping-ping!
Listen to the ill shit that I bring-bring!")

[Verse 3: Ice Cube]
Well here I go again, throwin' up the W
Ice Cube and I'm down wit' E-Double crew
Pullin' up in my homie's black 6-4
Hittin' switches but mine's a convertible
Mashed to the Westside, still got the deuce-deuce
'Cause some niggas don't believe in a gang truce
Heard some new shit, what is this? EPMD is goin' out of business?
Goddamnit! Can't leave my dog stranded
(Who?) The Green Eyed Bandit
Picked up KAM 'cause my nigga need a ride
Bumpin' "Peace Treaty" but still had the 4-5
Glock, cocked for the clown
Yeah, we down, pulled up in Echo Sound
Don't you know that we can drop 10 of these
Dope tracks, so fuck all my enemies
Cross 'em out and put a 'K'

[Hook (Repeat until end)]
("With the boom, ping-ping!
Listen to the ill shit that I bring-bring!")