[Intro]
This is a Core DJ Exclusive....

[Nas]
Ayo, check it out, this is Nas
Is Hip-Hop dead or is it still alive? Ha ha
Well, check it out
Right about now, I'm ridin' with my homies from the Westside
(West Coast)
Showin' love
(West Coast)
I asked where are they now?
(West Coast)
2007, they right here, yeah
(Where are they now?)

[Breeze]
Yo, it's time to rhyme, keep it in mind, I'm gifted
With the strength to go the length, and if it’s
Rough enough to keep the crowd wonderin'
Breeze and L.A. Posse (Where are they now?)
Still layin' in the land of the palm trees
Warm breeze, sippin' on Dom P, still chillin' with King T
Slowed on MCin’, pass the series green
Gettin' money off the words I spit, yet still gee-in'
Still the young son but now a nigga got a baby girl
Tryin’ to raise her right and guide her through this crazy world
Still got a slow flow and fast raps know
Reppin' twenty years, still gettin' ASCAP checks
Still, spittin' the truth when I mentor the youth
On how to be professional when they step in the booth
And never cuppin' the mic so you can hear me clear
Nas wondered, yo, where are they now?
I'm right here, G

[KAM]
Goddamn, that nigga KAM back on the scene
With the O.G. West on the same team
Hittin' corners in a Six-Trey Chevrolet
Ragtop Impala, gettin' dollars every day
For pushin' heavy yay to this rap shit
Fuckin' with niggas I done put L.A. on the map wit’
So that the legacy lasts long
We're givin' it up for all the homies that done passed on
And you can check Bobcat’s file
He can tell you who we are, what we did and where we at now
This bullshit, niggas tired of that
Fools runnin' they mouth, so where the Southside riders at?

[Hook: Breeze, KAM, Nas, King T]
Everybody’s talkin' about the South and the East Coast
But what about the West Coast?
(West Coast)
Everybody talkin' about this South and the East Coast
But what about the West Coast?
West Coast, yeah, Nas's ridin' with you right here
(The who?)
West Coast

[King T]
Hey, watch it resurrect from the jump
House shoes, Khaki suit, riot gauge pump
Black Raider hat with ‘Bitch Please’ on the side
Central and Greenleaf, 1989
Just in time, King T pushed the line
The G's had to have it, Eazy and Dre had it
I was a damn fool, now dudes wanna act it
(Where are they now?) He's still active
We go back like the Jheri Curl shag
When Pooh was from the Gate, Bobcat was from the Aves
I was in that green 6-4 with the rag pull back in slow motion
T-La showboatin'
They lookin' for that West Coast Trojan
Thought to be in exile but I'm just posted
Blessed to be the best to crack the West Coast open
King T-La back, muthafucka, it's a wrap

[Candyman]
The C-A- to the N-D-Y-The-M-A-N
I still melt in your mouth, not in your hand
I love to hear the story, again and again
But it originated from this man, The Candyman
Damn, it feels good to hear my West Coast peers
Makes me wanna shed a tear for the ones who ain't here
I was just a young player in these Westside streets
Motivated to be innovative like Ice-T
King T, Toddy Tee
R.I.P. to Mixmaster Spade, MC Trouble, Rudy Pardee
And it's a trip to witness trap rap
When I’m on the first album cover with Eazy-E doin' that shit way back
Hell yeah, we need a new West, Dirty South respects
I remember doin' shows out there
They never tripped off the Westside
Spend all their chips at the Best Buy
Groovin' like they just don't care

[Threat]
No mistakes, can’t get away
Dumpin' with them funky rhymes
Yep, that's MC Deadly Threat
They play him on the radio all the time
I love my folks, I love my G's
They can't kill Cali, they love my weed
West Coast done it, East Coast did it
Then the South came wit’ it like ‘let's go get it’
Red Ghost did it like the ones before me
The batterram came and took all the glory
I got an Army like Uncle Jamm’s
K-D-A-Y bumped the jam
Bobcat, Battlecat and DJ Pooh
L.A., S.C., but we say Zuu
It still never rain or snow in Cali
We're gettin' blunted in the back of the bowling alley, like..

[Hook: Breeze, KAM]
Everybody’s talkin' about the South and the East Coast
But what about the West Coast?
(West Coast)
Everybody talkin' about the South and the East Coast
But what about the West Coast?
Where are they now?

[Ice-T]
This is it, dope from the fly kid
Iceberg bang for the West, servin' a life bid
Westside nigga for life, ride or die
I get so gangsta, I stay so fly
Saggin' my Khakis, reppin' my flag
Nigga, break out the gun, bitch, let's play tag
Every day in the street, somebody calls me Cube
I tell ‘em that's my loved one, but it’s Ice-T, dude
I come from that Crenshaw strip, ya heard?
It’s way Cripped up, chrome when the 6-4 lift up
It's hard to rock a party, L.A. don't like nobody
Niggas rather pop the trunks and dump shotties

[Sir Mix-A-Lot]
I'mma show my nigga Nas what I got in my garage
Yeah, my publishin' is large, water fountains in my yard
The Posse left Broadway to get ‘em on the glass
I got class, but still I like a fat ass
Mix-A-Lot sheenin' with this S-Class gleamin'
Aggressive pimp leanin’, marked the game like a demon
From TVs to movies, Hollywood use my shit
Seven-figure years keep comin’. Who's your pimp?
F430 with these black paddle shifters
This may not uplift ya but I'm still takin' pictures
And I'm lovin' all you sisters, Mix'll never disrespect ya
Westside vet; you need your paper? I'll connect ya

[Hook: CMG from The Conscious Daughters]
Everybody’s talkin' about the South and the East Coast
But what about the West Coast?
(West Coast)
Everybody is talkin' about the South and the East Coast
But what about the West Coast?
(The who?)
The West Coast

[CMG from The Conscious Daughters]
It's the rhyme-spittin' kitten you’re never hittin’
The legendary, all-time great phenomenal female
Monarch, hittin' charts
Flowamatic nine spitta shoot like darts, blowin' bitches apart
It's The Conscious Daughters, still stompin' over soil
Holla at your folks, the females is royal
Bay Area OGs, still gettin' cheese
Like we sidin' on the block with 'Pac and Eazy-E