[Intro: Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith]
Obi-wan told me terrible things. [Padmé]
What things? [Anakin]
He said, you turned to the dark side, that you killed younglings [Padmé]
Obi-wan is trying to turn you against me.[Anakin]

Full court shit, nigga [Doap]

[Verse 1: Doap Nixon]
Yo, Sally found a seashell by the sea shores
Ever since then Sally been fiending for more
She loves the euphoria that the shells give her
But don't understand why it makes her body shiver
I'm a give you the science God, you need to listen
How that seashell changes your body system
They call the seashell boogie, sometimes diesel
The seashell will have you rob your own peoples
Sally so deep she ready to stop breathing
Cuz that first day, your first taste, you always leaking
This ain't that usual drug story, it's something different
How it physically, mentally put you in a prison
With no wardens or COs, parole board or POs
Even strips all your peeps hopes
Want me to stop? You think Sally found glory?
I don't think so, let's go on with the story
She got caught boosting out of Bloomingdale's
Got her first taste of jail, how to pay her bail
Now Sally caught up in the system
This that first example how you physically up in a prison
This a true story Lord, this ain't no fiction
The seashells have left a lot of people missing
You can ask Ill Bill about his Uncle Howie
How these seashells ain't the ones you find in Maui
Now Sally is so deep she can't even eat or sleep
Her whole life is about a creep
Every second she looking for a vic that's sweet
No longer think about how she miss her peeps
At first you feel sorry for this girl
Until you see how she chooses to be up in this world
She tried the rehab thing, but AMA'ed twice
She even tried church, tried to give her life to Christ
Sally paid the highest price for the highest life
Even told the priest she felt the hellfire twice
Something gotta give if this girl's gonna make it
Until somebody told this girl "Life is what you make it"
It must have hit home cuz something Sally changed
She no longer let the seashells run her brain
Is it an act of faith, or an act of God?
But you gotta fight to death to leave the Darkside!

[Outro: Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith]
I don't believe what I'm hearing. Obi-wan was right. You've changed. [Padmé]
I don't wanna hear any more about Obi-wan. The Jedi turned against me. Don't you turn against me! [Anakin]
I don't know you anymore. Anakin... you're breaking my heart. You're going down a path I can't follow. [Padmé]