MiYAKi x Sarkodie BiibiBa - (Prod By Fortune Dane mix by DJ Wayne)

Sark(Verse)
There's one thing called money
That everyone tryna find in this world, very necessary got to go hard on this one yeah! Believe it or not we all need it

Money be the root of evil but poverty Dey kill some people, brother for Dey make that money weather he be just or illegal, don’t let nobody decide you nor be everybody go believe you. Then Dey pretend like they nor Dey see but they really wanna be you 

HOOK
Biibiba o! Biibi Ba o!! Brother for Dey make that money cause Biibi Ba o

Biibiba o! Biibi Ba o!! Brother for Dey make that money cause Biibi Ba o


Shush !

MiYAKi
Money money
Tell me where you being all of my life
Money money
A need need me you Inna me life

This ain't funny
Whether good money
Bad money all thema money
And u need money oh yeah!
Something is coming
Bigman You better start running

Di galem thinking bout me
Me thinking bout di mulla
Because man ah real
Me want mulla

Come no come steal ano GTA
If you don't speak money cyan be me friend
Eye red fi di money Each and everyday
Each and every day

All about the money
All about di barbie
All about di money
Is all about di Gucci
And all about di money

Is about di strings and blings
Gal em see me and a wink wink wink
Cuh she no MiYAKi man blinking
Yeeeee yeeee

Where there you’re big-time snitch or leech man must rich
Bibi baoooo
Kudi na zuwa
Believe ooo
Esa baamu kuuwa

And you know say a only money could make man bigman
Where there you're big-time snitch or leech man must rich

Sark(Verse)
Money be the root of evil but poverty Dey kill some people, brother for Dey make that money weather he be just or illegal, don't let nobody decide you nor be everybody go believe you. Then Dey pretend like they nor Dey see but they really wanna be you 

HOOK
Biibiba o! Biibi Ba o!! Brother for Dey make that money cause Biibi Ba o

Biibiba o! Biibi Ba o!! Brother for Dey make that money cause Biibi Ba o


MiYAKi (Verse)
You ain't really hustling
Have you play gala before
You ain't really hustling
Have you play laliga before

Fear the homebwoy with Di laptop
Cuh Di boydem always up
Fear the homebwoy Di laptop
Cos you know say Di mandem always up

Only money coulda buy u things you need
Buy u Di cars house all of Dem luxuries
Coulda buy u things but not everything

Eeeeee oh money
Oh money
Come on love me
Me me need you don't me
Oh baby
Come and love me
O baby O Money
Shush cos you know say MiYAKi me lucky Me come Inna Di play every gal em like me and them can't style me Shush

Even when Di beat Dem stop
Me could do it in a me way
Shush VMG you know
MiYAKi me lucky