[Intro: Kwesi Arthur]
Yeah
Sɛ mo kaasɛ mekɔ
I been, I been, I been, I been (Mr. Amakye Dede)
Arrh!
I been, I been, I been (Young Arthur preach!)

[Verse 1: Kwesi Arthur]
I been looking for ma self
Forget kudi, mepɛ wealth
Mo mayɛnka berma ayɛ merɛ oo
Nyame kyere me the way afor get it get it get it get it get it get it get it get it g-get it
Me nni akoma yɛ de gye sikaduro
Ma me nto ne kom na mepɛ sɛ me blow

[Hook: Kwesi Arthur]
Monday yɛɛyɛ,  Tuesday yɛɛyɛ kosi Friday yɛɛyɛ , Sunday yɛɛyɛ
Everyday yɛɛyɛ, everyday yɛɛyɛ
Grind day yɛɛyɛ, grind day yɛɛyɛ
Monday yɛɛyɛ , Tuesday yɛɛyɛ kosi Friday yɛɛyɛ, Sunday yɛɛyɛ
Everyday yɛɛyɛ, everyday yɛɛyɛ
Grind day yɛɛyɛ, grind day yɛɛyɛ

[Verse 2: Sarkodie]
Yeah, yeah
Okay, tie!
Everyday we hustle hustle
Ɔkwadwofoɔ na ɛde ne hope ma sofo
Everyday we stacking money double double
My mind on ma money we don’t want your trouble
Cause when we started rapping back in TMA
The kudi dey run for my fuckin' DNA
I promise my mummy say things will be okay
I'm ready for anything wey go come my way
I promise, got a new whip from the dealership
And my homie just told me the realest shit
Ɔse focus on making money don’t you ever give a fuck about all this silly shit
Show me the duffel bag
Adey grind for things wey I never had
On my hustle tryna be a better dad
Asoroabɔfoɔ seven na ɛbɔ quarterback
As a matter of fact , walantu walansa
No food for lazy man you for dey struggle for rainy days
Berma kɔ pɛ adwuma yɔ excuses no adɔso
Survival be many ways
Woankasa wa sɛi wokɔ club kɔ papp’ie a wo rent no nso pɛ your lady pays
Wo hwɛ me a, mɛnyini paa but sika yɛ mogya nti na daabia ɛyaa na me wo baby face

[Hook: Kwesi Arthur]
Monday yɛɛyɛ,  Tuesday yɛɛyɛ kosi Friday yɛɛyɛ , Sunday yɛɛyɛ
Everyday yɛɛyɛ, everyday yɛɛyɛ
Grind day yɛɛyɛ, grind day yɛɛyɛ
Monday yɛɛyɛ , Tuesday yɛɛyɛ kosi Friday yɛɛyɛ, Sunday yɛɛyɛ
Everyday yɛɛyɛ, everyday yɛɛyɛ
Grind day yɛɛyɛ, grind day yɛɛyɛ

[Bridge: Kwesi Arthur]
Anidasoɔ ne ne sɛ
I for make it, I for make it
This one for my real ones stuck in the trenches
Wo nfa ma deɛ I have to take it, I go take it
Wei yɛ six-mi-ludo on the park benches
Heavenly father know say I for make it, I for make it
My site 1 niggas go do push ups for this
Wo nfa ma deɛ I have to take it, I go take it
But many prolly no go fuck with this

[Verse 3: Medikal]
Swerg!, poof!, nyaa!
Berma today sef be when?
No bi yestee wey ano fi bed
Sake of music money be 20%
Block holder nana mekyekyɛ cement
Yɛse you for do repent because dey won make I descend
W’atikɔ sɛ "me pɛ chɛns"
How a'go fi buy the Benz?
How a'go fit make your shoddy come around and dance?
I do it for my real hustlers in pent (bɔ me din ma me)
Shouts to ShowBoy, boys dey talk, the thing affect am
You make lucky sey you no get life and career like I end am (Nyaa!)
I still sort am out like plasma ebe me I mount am
Ein e’count am, wey tell waddle sey make he try discount am Adwii ba! (Woo!)
I'm always after paper
Zoomlion won sign me later (Swerg!)
Mayɛ sɛ Noreaga
I think I'm big meech, three weeks no sleep,too deep chasing dreams
Free Meek, feed me, bring beef, put this on repeat
Bayaka!, swerg!

[Hook: Kwesi Arthur]
Monday yɛɛyɛ,  Tuesday yɛɛyɛ kosi Friday yɛɛyɛ , Sunday yɛɛyɛ
Everyday yɛɛyɛ, everyday yɛɛyɛ
Grind day yɛɛyɛ, grind day yɛɛyɛ
Monday yɛɛyɛ , Tuesday yɛɛyɛ kosi Friday yɛɛyɛ, Sunday yɛɛyɛ
Everyday yɛɛyɛ, everyday yɛɛyɛ
Grind day yɛɛyɛ, grind day yɛɛyɛ

[Outro: Kwesi Arthur]
Game boys aa moagye control, mon'twa seven no ma me
Windows down with the AC on
Afi sɛsɛɛ na w’agye Bentley wate
This be Kayso from Tema
One brick a day
Ground Up to the top
Everyday hustle make you no complain
Sika yɛ mogya, I’m just tryna be bloody rich
Money no be kaakaa-motobe
Stop being scared of it
Weytin i tell you about trapping the kwacha
Go get it, ɛnfa wo nkwa 'nto chacha
Ground up charlie
This that "pull up in the Mercedes"
'Nso wode waakyewura ka 2 cedis
Ya pɔn!!!