Yeah...Tie!

These niggas giving me hard time
And I'm kind of sensitive its part of my star sign
Se me dropi punch pe me commiti mass crime
Kill niggas that shit is part of my part-time

Spending my last dime on rolly but that’s fine
Cos half a milli anytime I'm dropping a hard line
What the fuck is there for me to proof? I'm not lying
Y’all niggas can take over the game when I stop trying

Mike Mill nigga tryna put me in beast mode
Street niggas now violating the street code
Fucking just be dope just come let me see close
Your body your mind I mean i'm just tryna read both

Niggas is shallow its all because of the fucking people you follow
Organising a gallow you run away from your shadow
Niggas be throwing the arrow they tryna get me to wallow
Wo cash a wode rushi no to tilapia wo Balo

Mesrew Capo rap mu El Chapo
Die me ba beye no nti menua  charlie hye wo sapo
Mu nsuo Yese ye hwihwe me wo Interpol
Me menta nsere even my daughter dey give ****

First of let me break it down
Who is the best in Africa who deserves the crown?
Its a conversation when a king is not around
You ain't gonna understand shit you like the way it sounds men I came in unannounced

Truth is we gonna decide who the shoe fits
Swag is impeccable dont compare me you stupid?
Way before the drums I was still doing acoustic
Insecure niggas be kissing ass for blue***

I'm the realest already told you
Do we have to go back and forth? I'm not supposed to
I stay relevant dawg let me coach you
I'm the type of nigga you talk shit I approach you

The return of the realest so what the deal is?
This is the Game of Thrones me ne me killers
Mo mma me a couple Tequilas I hope you feel us?
We no be normal rappers a bunch of Gorillas

Me rap style ye heavy
Me squad ba a ye ready
Mo nye ready to beef me ba Titi kora aye pedi
Eba no rap a enka bi
Na kasahare ye me mpena a mo mofre no rap me mefre no Derby

Straight outa oven baby niggas is still hot
Eya a na monte mase all the skill that I still got
Anka wo ye me a anka sese mere yi you got some pills pop
But I dey age like wine rap mu chilled Scotch

Been to the BS I'm still relevant
Everybody get on your knees ladies and gentlemen
Boys copy me blueprint I need some settlement
Its Rapperholic time baby i'm in my element

The flow tight my whole life I chose mic
I’m so nice murder the beat with no knife
Mo nye me level Obidi be living the dope life
Me nipa ko wo akyi na wo antete wo Ajos Pipe

A divine leader
I was born to do this and I’m still eager
I'm always keeping it real-not a crowd pleaser
Me kaase ye kom and listen to your class teacher!

This is some suicide shit charlie who is that chick?
Fre no ma me whoever the true cap fits
Ma relaxi na me massage two black bitches
First question ohemaa do you suck dick?

Sorry I don’t fuck with hoes
Mete stripclub but I'm still catching the Holy Ghost
Obi se Sarkodie nrapi well I guess its only those
Niggas a omo claimi designer Polo na omo hye Fos