Most def...
Why they always hollerin'?

[Sonsee]
Cause right now for ya ass we gon' vibe, money
Know what I'm sayin? Lil sumptin Zoo York style we just vibin' Smoke mad L's, wide open, we gone vibe

[Sticky Fingaz]
I ain’t never had so many death threats in one year, but talk is cheap and it’s comin out my other ear
Cause as sure as there’s a devil in hell I’m still here
To come first but not least from the east so I'm here!
Cause that’s the last straw now your ass is mine
You bit off more than you can chew so now I gotta draw the line
See first of all we most definitely the number one with a bullet, Billboard category
And I got ESP, you’re barking up the wrong tree
But I’m not crazy, don’t flatter me
Or I’ll get arrested for assault and battery
And I can't stand cops; goddamn don't they annoy you?
I need to blow off some steam, let’s have a battle royal
And who’s my challengers? The more the merrier
No, not you, you’s an amateur, just empty the register
And if if was a fifth then we’d all be stoned
But if I don’t drink and drive then how the fuck I’ma get home?
Beats me
And I can’t stop smokin weed cause I ain’t no quitter
But since it’s killin my brain cells maybe I should reconsider
You wouldn’t dare
Nah, but all the non-fiction niggas is you in here?

[Hook]
Most def most def
Do we go all out?
Most def most def
Smoke blunts till we fall out
Most def most def
True indeed, no quest most def
Do you pack heat?
Most def most def
Do you know the street?
Most def most def
If you sleep you get beat, most definite
True indeed, no quest most def

[Fredro Starr]
Fredro Starr, I’m mad as hell, I bust a nigga ass, a mother fucker will swell
I rock the jail, jump bail and smoke the L
Come on make my day, come on, take me away
Yo F that bullshit, we rob and steal shit while niggas kill shit
The skills that light that spark the blunts that bite back
So break the buddah bone we get down to the gristle plus the marrow
Now ya fuckin lookin through the barrel
I get George the Animal, kick ass on annual, you need to read the Afficial Nast manual
Rubber check Charlie bouncin checks on your check list
The black vagina sexist here to set this
Eat ya ass for breakfast while you eat my dust plus I flex this
Afficial Nast niggas there is no doubt

[Hook]
Do you get cash?
Most def, most def
Do you think fast?
Most def, most def
Are you ready to blast?
Most def, most def
True indeed, no quest most def
Onyx is the best
Most def, most def
Cause our shit stay fresh
Most def, most def
Do we smoke stress?
Hells def
(A fight breaks out)

[Sonsee]
You got 1, 2, 3 MC's to rip mad degrees and then seize these G notes
I’ma drop the rope that makes MC's croak
Murder one wrote resulting he choked on my rhyme he tried to quote
Hope he don’t resuscitate tryin to repro-duplicate
The great one Sonee, rappers I humili-annihilate
The jig is up
I’m gettin up my weight there’s loot to take and none of my victims will recuperate
I got too much getaway style to be seen on any trial
I’m a drifter keepin shit harder than five penals  nigga
If a punk sorry excuse of an emcee step to Sonee it’s R-I-Pieces
Believe it's, the heaters, the one it’s the Sonee
Sees the paper I gotta get it, I’m addicted
Grabbin assets I dig down pockets all the way to your goddamn ankles
Give me all that green stink shit, thank you
Smellin those crispy bills gives me chills in my soul
Before I know I’m outta control
Gimme a joint to hold and watch and learn asshole
Lights, cameras, action, where’s the L’s? Roll em
Debts I’m owed them, eyes I swollen, spots I hold em up
And I can’t give a fuck at times when I struck no luck
But if I ever got jammed for a scheme I’ma scram
I’m goin out like O.J. but I’m stayin on the lam

[Hook]