[Intro]
Wu! Tang! Wu! Tang! Onyx! Onyx!
Wu! Tang! Wu! Tang! Onyx! Onyx!

[Verse 1: Raekwon]
Aiyyo, staircase to stage now, major waves
Tanktop Nautica, flippin your daughter thirty ways
Yeah who want mine? Bent outta shape, one time
Play the mall, starin at your bird of all sunshine
Watch my shit shift, niggas in the back, wigs lift
You know the stats God, don't even ask pa, back slit
Raw drug raps, thug hats and mob hats, spit on that cat
This yellow love nigga fuckin with a rich cat
My shit bad, 5 feet 6, with a crisp hat plush
Throwin down on thirty bricks, niggas is with that
Though, federados locked my man yo, hit lotto
Three-hundred thousand dollars in the bottle
Bitch snack is Heiml technique, rover in the robe, gold link
You know the code 'Rique, suitcase money, stow heat
Rock Navi's dough, hundred dollar bags valet
That nigga crabbed me, gamin himself, like Milton Bradley

[Verse 2: Fredro Starr, X-1]
Yo the semi-automatic Glock this, unlock this
The weed spots get knocked, it's so hot chicks is topless
Whips are spotless, chrome rims spend obnoxious
You can't knock this, bust a shot you better not miss
X-1 wild out, and make you watch this
'til your eyes turn red with blotches, eatin scraps out the garbage
Unload a cartridge, and bust a cap
X could never trust a cat, Onyx is as hot as it gets
Bitches fuckin for free, is outta the quest'
Blow blood outta your flesh, your body outta your vest
I toss the heat from across the street
Fly you up off your feet, you die livin soft and sweet
Street crime, time is money, nigga don't waste mine
Expose my 9, throwin your shine, your froze in time
Lookin at death, holdin your breath, laid out
On the dance floor, blood and Moet, I'm blowin your set
Trick twenty G's, no sweat, your goin in debt
I'm goin for broke, I'm blowin out smoke, you catch a stroke
Wu-Tang and Baldhedz, Swiss foreheads, leave you all red
X-Milli-1, fully armed, illest beyond your realest form
Bringin' the storm, forseein' you warned
Nuttin keepin' me calm but heat in my palm
Sleep and you gone, you see what I'm on? Creepin' outta the dark
Scatter your parts from here to Battery Park

[Chorus: Sample]
First things first man, you're *fuckin’* with the worst
First things first man, you're *fuckin’* with the worst
First things first man, you're *fuckin’* with the worst
You can't slam, don't let me get fool on a man!

[Verse 3: Sonny Seeza]
Steel master, grab half the cash fast and bash
And splash yo' class, mash your staff, What?!
Nigga get smacked, you ain't worth a punch, hurt your bunch
Get murked, you front in the wrong circle punk!
Mack clever niggas dat regulate
Catch you on the d-lo in Mecca and Etch-a-Sketch ya
Shake and erase, vacatin your space, breakin your face
Straighten your waist, twist you, and won't miss you
Official Nast and Killa Bee, full blast, get off smash
Pull fast for your stash
Long as the war last, foot up in your ass
Tryin to count more math, bring in the hardcore rap

[Verse 4: Killa Sin]
Yo; we be the mainstream
Supreme rhyme top of the line cuisine fiends
Number one love for thugs queens schemin on cream
My whole team love, the E-cup bras and mobb cars
Killa Sin known for makin niggas reach for the stars
The terrorist lyricist in the midst of the abyss
We cannabis evangelists, iron palms with metal fists
Wu build, like construction and bang, like percussion
All the Planet Battery packs combust and malfunction, what kid?

[Chorus: Sample]
First things first man, you're *fuckin’* with the worst
First things first man, you're *fuckin’* with the worst
First things first man, you're *fuckin’* with the worst
You can't slam, don't let me get fool on a man!

[Verse 5: Sticky Fingaz, Method Man]
Holy shit!! Who the fuck is dat?
It’s John-John. Sticky Fingaz, kid, you got my back?
I got your back cousin. I got the mack-dozen
And when them niggas start jumpin, bust back cousin
Cause it's a new year, time for some new shit
Nowadays rappers dyin’ over music
Dead on arrival, we raised in the ghetto singin’ songs
For survival, duckin’ homicidal, you rob them
Yeah yeah! Onyx, Wu-Tang, on tracks we gangbang
Chitty-bang-bang. Chitty-chitty-bang-bang
Hot Nix' spit flame, lava pump through my veins
Caught in the zone, home on the range
Aiyyo you rang on ferocious, atrocious
We got that supercalifragalisticexpiala… Dope shit!
Eight ball in the corner pocket. We snatch wallets
Off the white collared. The Big Apple forever rotted
Narcotics hunt the hard target, Hot Nix’
So what the bumbaclot?! Pop shit, we do the knowledge
To shark niggas, once bitten, major swingers heavy hittin’
Poly your kitten, throw up your mittens
Stop bitchin’, no slippin’, no pot to piss in
The meltin’ pot's boilin hot now in Hell’s Kitchen
Yo, yo, Sticky Fingaz, one of the illest motherfuckers
Belive Dat! My moms don’t raise no suckers
I slap rappers, turn ’em into singers
Touch somethin’ of mine and you’ll have Nine fingaz!
Enough said, let's paint this whole fuckin’ town red
And RIP… Their whole crew to a shred!
I got cold blood. I pull yo’ plug. I hold, bust!
Show no love. I’m so bugged. Shoot yo’ home up
And shoot up the whole club. We throw slugs
You ain’t no thug! I earned every God damn penny
That I got son. I’m rollin’ shotgun in the convertible
I wish a nigga w-w-would try to fuckin’ jack me
I'll murder you!

[Chorus: Sample]
First things first man, you're *fuckin’* with the worst
First things first man, you're *fuckin’* with the worst
First things first man, you're *fuckin’* with the worst
You can't slam, don't let me get fool on a man!

[Outro]
Wu! Tang! Wu! Tang! Onyx! Onyx!
Wu! Tang! Wu! Tang! Onyx! Onyx!