[Intro]
Ay, the season
Yeah, that's what this is, the season, know what I'm sayin'
I don't know which one it is though, know what I'm sayin'
I don't know if it's four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, or fucking ten bitch

[Chorus]
She hate me, she bash me (hate me, she bash me)
Them racks on the backseat (backseat)
What color's the casket?
We shootin' 'em and dabbin' (boom boom boom boom)
We fed 'em some bath salts
His wife on the backseat (bitch)
The watch is by Jacob
We ridin', we hotter than kerosene (woo)
Wheezy Beats
Step aside a nigga, push 'em, who is next? (who?)
My jewelry water like a Swisher, Bowflex (swish, swish)
Slip 'n slide in it, eagles landing (eagles landing)
Alka-Seltzer Plus, serve ya granny (serve ya granny nigga)

[Verse 1]
She's a slut (bitch)
She made me nut (hoe)
She runnin' 'round town and she actin' the clown, a little danger but (ha)
She know not to stop a nigga, man she know what I'm kickin' up (kick shit)
And I put it on my baby, man she gon' suck some dick and nuts (dick)
Bitch is you fucking me?
Made the promise to put you in luxury
First no watch, now ya Rollie so close to me
Didn't I tell you they gon' be ya wannabe?
Yes, you told me that they was gon' honor me
I got some racks, what you wanna see?
Make that bitch give me threesomes in DoubleTree
Better get yo heart back, ain't no lovin' me
If you don't got no rubber, don't fucking tease it
She get on the top and she fuckin' me
You would think she the boy, how she fuckin' leave
No leading the mom, just fucking leave, yeah
Pullin' my pants up and get gone-one, I don't know it yet
I know some niggas that's never gettin' married and they ridin' with a check

[Chorus]
She hate me, she bash me (hate me, she bash me)
Them racks on the backseat (racks)
What color's the casket? (color's the casket)
We shootin' 'em and dabbin' (boom boom boom boom)
We fed 'em some bath salts
His wife on the backseat (wife on the backseat)
The watch is by Jacob
We ridin', we hotter than kerosene (SKRRT)
Step aside a nigga, push 'em, who is next? (who is next?)
My jewelry water like a Swisher, Bowflex (swish)
Slip 'n slide in it (slip), eagles landing (hey)
Alka-Seltzer Plus, serve ya granny (serve ya granny nigga)

[Verse 2]
I put some beanbags under her eyes, she can't disguise it (ooh)
Keep that bitch, stop tellin' lies, he's just a fraud guy (ooh)
Big trailer park, mob ties (hm)
I got some Muslim brothers, no bean pies
I'ma pull up to the 'port, go get the baggage
I'ma drink lean 'til I snore, snore like ya granny
I been inside the streets, no I can't panic (yeah)
Do it for my six babies, including they family
I get her to dish it out yeah
Smokin' on girl scout
I pull all her hair out (then what?)
I go buy another scout for her
I finally got bands in (bands)
My bitch do ya nasty
Blue bags, what my cash in (blue bags)
Front up in them backends (ya dig?)

[Chorus]
She hate me, she bash me (hate me, she bash me)
Them racks on the backseat (racks on 'em)
What color's the casket? (color's the casket)
We shootin' 'em and dabbin' (boom boom boom boom)
We fed 'em some bath salts (heh)
His wife on the backseat (heh)
The watch is by Jacob
We ridin', we hotter than kerosene (SKRRT)
Step aside a nigga, push 'em, who is next? (who is next?)
My jewelry water like a Swisher, Bowflex (swish)
Slip 'n slide in it (slip), eagles landing (hey)
Alka-Seltzer Plus, serve ya granny (serve ya granny nigga)