Thugger!
Aye!

[Hook]
YSL gangbang like we from Compton (Bompton)
Young Thugga big B nigga I'm from Bompton
I don't mind bringing pain but I just won't function (On God)
Nigga pull up with them tummies ain't talking stomachs
Cop that bitch and run with it (what!)
What these nigga try to cuff a nigga done with it (Oh God!)
Yeah Yeah, I'm the don nigga, with it
Trayvon told me to take over your hoody (What? Ooo!)

[Verse 1]
And Imma do that
Red coupe...
Suwu that!
I caught you bitch and I nailed her now she won't screw that
How you do that?
Who are you at?
I know they meat because I'm ready to bleach a blue back (On God!)
True that!
From this day forth my bank accounts I renew that
I, live, life, like an uncle where my loot at
Why you weren't with the band, bring me them bands
I'm a cat, cop-killer, YSL the clan!
Man!

[Hook]
YSL gangbang like we from Compton (Compton)
Young Thugga big B nigga I'm from Bompton
I don't mind bringing pain but I just won't function
Nigga pull up with them choppas ain't talking stomachs
Cop that bitch and run with it
What these nigga try to cuff a nigga done with it (woo!)
Yeah Yeah, I'm the don nigga, with it (woo!)
Trayvon told me to take over your hoody (R.I.P)

[Verse 1]
And Imma do that
I got the juice
? tell me where the ? at
I'm living life like a movie this ain't no Kodak
I'll whip it out at a concert yeah Imma show that
I think you need to know that
The corvette got the low jack
They been creeping around town like lil' rat
And now you livin' cold where your toetag?
These pussy niggas wanna know why the paper copping fine white gold rollie-pollie-ollie-o!
Rollie... Rollie, Rollie
Bitch I'm I'm a boss, boss, boss, I know you know that
Red carpet rules take off the shoes I hit the door jack
I pressed a pussy nigga for his diamonds and I still showed that (you know that?)

[Hook]
YSL gangbang like we from Compton
Young Thugga big B nigga I'm from Bompton
I don't mind bringing pain but I just won't function
Nigga pull up with them tummies ain't talking stomachs
Cop that bitch and run with it
What these nigga try to cuff a nigga done with it
Yeah Yeah, I'm the don nigga, with it
Trayvon told me to take over your hoody
Woo!