[Hook: Young Thug]
A young nigga's life is a dream, yeah
We ain’t lettin' no hoes get in between, us
When my diamonds speak, they say "bling," yeah
Yellow diamonds, no crime scene, yeah (woo woo woo)
This that rich shit, I eat fish and grits (Yeah!)
Catch me boolin' with my dogs, just like Michael Vick (Yeah!)
I don’t give no damn if they throw it off, I won't fuckin' miss (What?)
Bitch I'm so up, no Sleepy Brown, wouldn't talk to him 'bout shit, (No!) Udigg?

[Verse 1: Young Thug]
I want you to talk to the hand while I talk to bands (brr)
I might go and stop playing, take over the lands (Yeah!)
My money long as school buses ain't talkin' no Xans (Yeah!)
Sit still, I’m cool coming, pull up and then spray it (pffft)
50 dub, know I’m sayin'? (Woo!)
100 bloods in my fam (Blatt!)
100 bloods, they not fans (Blatt!)
Fuck the beach, I got sand (fuck it)
PS3, I’m not playin' (Yeah!)
Go gentle on my lil' man (Yeah!)
She wanna stay, what I'm sayin’ (Yeah!)
I'm booted up, I could land (Woo!)
But when I do I might need help up (And what?)
And I wanna be like Mike, and I ain't talkin' Phelps, bruh (no way)
When I nut inside that pussy I lose my strength but
I bought that new Silverado with license tags bro
(skrt, skrt, skrt, skrrrrrt)

[Hook: Young Thug & Yak Gotti]
A young nigga's life is a dream, yeah
We ain't lettin' no hoes get in between, us (nah)
When my diamonds speak, they say "bling," yeah
Yellow diamonds, no crime scene, (Yak!) yeah (woo woo woo)
This that rich shit, I eat fish and grits (Yeah!)
Catch me boolin' with my dogs, just like Michael Vick (Yeah! Woo)
I don't give no damn if they throw it off, I won't fuckin' miss (What? Yak! Yak! Yak!)
Bitch I'm so up, no Sleepy Brown, wouldn't talk to him 'bout shit, (No!) Udigg?

[Verse 2: Yak Gotti]
Hey how you doin'? I'm Yak Gotti (woo), I got bodies on top of bodies
I'm with Thugger, that's my woadie, yeah my round, yeah my compadre (Yeah!)
And we solid, oh so solid (Ah!), if I get caught I won't say nothin' (Ah!)
YSL, bitch we mobbin', I'm forreal, this beat knockin' (Slatt!)
Trigger, boy I got you, Rico, boy I got you
I'm livin' out my dreams, broke is not an option
Yeah I'm livin' out my dreams, broke is not an option
Who the fuck wanna stop it?

[Hook: Young Thug]
A young nigga's life is a dream, yeah
We ain't lettin' no hoes get in between, us
When my diamonds speak, they say "bling," yeah
Yellow diamonds, no crime scene, yeah
This that rich shit, I eat fish and grits
Catch me boolin' with my dogs, just like Michael Vick
I don't give no damn if they throw it off, I won't fuckin' miss
Bitch I'm so up, no Sleepy Brown, wouldn't talk to him 'bout shit, Udigg?