[Produced by Dun Deal]

[Intro: Birdman]
That Rich Gang lifestyle
Marble floors, gold toilets and chandeliers
Big money nigga take the jet
L.A. hit the bity boolin’ in the bondo
With a few bitches and they go to trippin'
Drankin’ that GTV, that tequila
Smokin’ them stunna blunts (them big dawgs)
Nigga we neva hungover
Poppin’ bigger numbers with my niggas, straight B's only
Shout out to my love, my blood, my team
My gang, my family, and nigga ya know what we bleed
(You know what we bleed) 404, 305, 504
What’s poppin’, nigga? B-house of dank, put it in the air
This that YSL, Rich Gang,  RHQ, YMCMB shit
Big B’s with a few C’s,  PeeWee, what’s poppin’, nigga?
Bankroll mafia; Hot Beezle, what’s brackin’, nigga?
The pussy outta line, the pussy get they head bust, ya dig?
B-Loc and Bentley, y’all know the business
It’s B Slime or G5, rest in peace Tamara and Miss Gladys, boy
(Rich Gang, Rich Gang)

[Hook: Young Thug]
Givenchy my toes and my bros and my hoes
Givenchy my toes and my bros and my hoes, fo sure, fo sure
Givenchy my toes and my bros and my hoes, fo sure, fo sure
Givenchy my toes and my bros and my hoes
And that is fo sure, it's fo sure

[Post-Hook: Young Thug]
Tell a nigga, would ya ride fo a nigga, baby?
Would ya die fo a nigga, baby?
Baby girl, would ya cry fo yo nigga, baby?
Would ya cry fo yo nigga, baby?
Aye, baby girl, what'cha know, what'cha know bout that?
What'cha know bout that? Ya don’t know that
Baby girl, what'cha know bout that, bout that?
What'cha know bout that? You don't know nothing

[Verse: Young Thug]
She don’t know it, she don’t know it
Work comin' in any day or later, ayy
Eat her candy, Now and Later, way
I ain’t through baby buying acres (Rich Gang)
(Racks! Racks!) Almost done
Lemme put somethin inside of ya stomach
Lemme put sum’ right up under ya lungs
Baby, I just wanna hit like Barry Bonds
I know all you wanna do is have fun
I put my heart inside yo pocket, you can't break it
I told you I love you to death, neva dissed you not once
You my twin, yeah you my twin, baby, let’s stay together
You know you can neva ditch me, baby, you know betta
You know I look at ya like gold, you my future trophy
She know she got my heart, she say do it, I jump like Tarzan
Drugs don’t stop, you know I can’t stop
Baby don’t press charges, she know that I’m on the block
When she pull up, she can’t go back, she gon' stop, no
She ain’t know what time it was 'til I bought her first clock
Rolex, spend $1,000 on a flock, no Waka
And you know I’m comin’ back like Dem Boyz, no Shop
Yeahhhh, loading up a Glock
Take shots, I got Jays on a flava, flava watch
Billidybop, pull up shootin' buck shots (TOP NOTCH!)
Yeah, they watch me like a fuckin cable box
Bitches wanna fuck me and they also on my top
Mama told me neva give tops outside the shop
Pull up on yo girl, I’m lurkin’ like a cop
Pussy nigga play, I beat them like I box
Hey, I'm the President, baby, blacker BARACK!
30’s on the Chevy, my nigga, plus it's a box
You should know me and sharp shooters sponsored by FOX
Split that money up in eight ways like I’m an octopus
On the campus with lots of pounds, kicked outta COLLEGE!
All I bleed is red but nigga, but I'm not stoppin' shit (red light)
Pull up to the set and I come and pay all my homages
Hoppin' out on Bleveland, I pour up straight out the pharmacy
Pussy nigga scared to say it, I got 'em hummin' shit
Lil bitch, you know I’m really thuggin' like Bones & Harmony
(Rich Gang) I can never... (be you)
I’m an animal, you know I got stamina
If a nigga ever got robbed, bitch I’m the manager
And I got an African with weed over on Campbelton
Lil momma don’t go, keep it stompin’, I want that cameltoe
Pull up to the set with them sticks and have us an ammo show
Lead through the front door with that tec, it's out the back door
Bags in this bitch, so many bags like where the racks go?

[Hook]
Givenchy my toes and my bros and my hoes, for real
Don't act like you'n know when you know that you know, for real
Even when I'm laying down baby I'm keeping it tucked, for real
Swear to God when you play with just one of these bullets, you kill

[Post-Hook]
Tell a nigga, would ya ride fo a nigga, baby?
Would ya die fo a nigga, baby?
Baby girl, would ya cry fo yo nigga, baby?
Would ya cry fo yo nigga, baby?
Aye, baby girl, what'cha know, what'cha know bout that?
What'cha know bout that? Ya don’t know that
Baby girl, what'cha know bout that, bout that?
What'cha know bout that? You don't know nothi-i-i-i-i-ing
(Rich Gang)