[Intro]
Aye
I've been gettin' it in from the first date
I've been gettin' it in from the first date
I be gettin' it in from the first date
What ya girl say?
I've been gettin' it in from the first date (yeah yeah)
And I've been goin' in from the first date (eskeddit)
Wheezy Beatz
I do it for my people, yeah for crying sake
Four bombs baby!

[Verse 1]
Twist your fingers up, throw your set, aye
New double R, make her break her neck, aye (skrt skrt)
6 star, G star, V-neck, aye (aye)
Foreign car, door ajar, we the best, aye
Just was broke, I'm riding with the stars on the next day (aye)
Yeah, Imma do my best on the test, aye
Fuck Donald Trump, I'm riding with the esé (fuck 'em)
Can't take a rich nigga, so she messy (fool)
Yeah, Imma pop a bar with the best, aye (raahhh)
Got a bitch a car on the next day (aye)
And she need insurance like she lost it (aye)
Penny loafers light brown like a pancake (aye)
Aye watch it baby, watch it, what my mans say (yeah, yeah)
She triflin', she triflin', my mans say (way, aye)
Ain't hard to deal with, gotta accept your apology (yeah yeah)
Take a look inside my safe, it's a lot of lakes (yeah)
You can't judge a cover, no, what you heard of? (nah)
I can't love these hoes, they fighting bout a burger (bitch!)
You can't cover nothing that you ever heard of (aye)
Mixing purple with the green like a turtle (lean! lean!)

[Bridge]
Bitch I'm doing it for my babies (babies)
Bitch I'm doing it for my lady (lady)
Bitch I'm doing it for my mama 'nem (mama)
Bitch I'm doing it for my father 'nem (hey!)
Bitch I'm doing it for my whole fam (whole fam)
Bitch I'm doing it for my fuckin' fans (fuckin' fans)
Bitch I'm doing it bout these fuckin' bands (big ol' racks)
I said bitch I'm doing it for these fuckin' bands (big racks!)
Aye (yeah)

[Interlude]
Yeah
Aye man, I'm literally in the booth rappin' with...
With money in my muhfuckin' hand
I love the feeling you know what I'm sayin'? (uhh)
It give me chills, ya digg?
Aye

[Verse 2]
I heard love don't last forever
But I'ma change that like Aquafina change weather
And Imma bang that, I'm bangin' with that damn Beretta
And I'mma bang that, they ain't doing a thing about that cheddar, yeah (bang bang)
On the real, I allow whatever
Said Imma bang that, I'm bangin' bout that mozzarella
Imma bang, yes I'm bangin' it to show you better (bang bang)
Imma bang, yeah I'm bangin' like I'm not a rapper, aye (bang bang)

[Chorus]
For real I got mines (I got mines) aye
I could care what you do with yours as long as I got mine
(as I got mine) yeah
I'm ready to kill and die and cry and lie about mines (lie about mines) yeah
I mean I said wrong is right and right is right,  I got mines (always right I got mines) aye
Uhh!