[Hook: Shanell (T.I.)]
If you didn't fuck so many bitches
(Give a fuck about them bitches shawty)
Tryna have the time of your life On the low
Boy I know you bout your money and your riches
(Give a fuck about them bitches)
But you ain't done a damn thing to keep this going on
(What about the money shawty)
Always talking but the love for your niggas
(Know I love my niggas)
They wanna fuck you like this pussy at home, down for you baby
(We about that money now)
Boy you know you could’ve had a winner
(Know I love my niggas)
If you didn't fuck so many bitches
(What you get that money now)

[Verse 1: T.I.]
If you didn’t wanna go to war say word
We ain’t paying no concerns to the niggas that scared
You know you wanna get your pussy ass out the country
Cause you don’t wanna see me and trae da truth
With the man, had the whole block in the back days
Trap back alley, project hallway
Always played the game devour way
Me and THUGGA we just parlay
We did it our way!
Shad da god be on the highway
Look back at what I had back in my day
Nigga Peewee, he so greedy
Still throw bankroll when he see me
Bankroll mafia, talk that shit I’m droppin Ya
Give a damn how rich or popular
Got [?] and what’s stopping Ya?
(What’s stoppin Ya!?)
For meeting your match and ain’t gon' be no match is just me on your ass
Two or three in your back now you’re bleeding all over your homie damn pants
Let go the MAC and your homie done ran
No disrespect know lil homie the man
Respect for whoever lil homie demand
[?]

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Young Thug]
Nigga, Niggaaaa
My dog gon' pull up and smoke em like a cigar
And she wonder why I love her
God singing
She playing no guitar
Lil baby she don’t need [?]
Like you in church
These pussy niggas fake and they twice as green as turf
My crazy bitch is squirting in the face, that’s all she’s worth
Yeah I fuck a cheetah like a [?]
And I got my lean on me, I carry it like a purse
Time of my life , pull up like skrttt
Ima stack it to the ceiling, count it like a nerd
I’m in love with all these bitches, when I’m on that purp, heyy Ima Fuck her then Ima throw her like a nerf
Hey !
I fuck your bitch and pass that bitch to my lil woadie
Hey, he gone hit it from the back then the front, then he coming right back like Spaulding
Man that pussy so wet I need a jet ski riding 24 in LA like Kobe
Michael Jackson Ima beat it like she owe me & plus she told me

[Hook]