[Intro]
Wheezy Beatz
Thugger
I wanna give a shout out to my whole faculty
You know what I mean?
All my sisters and my brothers
My friends, my partners, my slimes, my girl, they girls
Appreciate y'all

[Chorus]
In 2000, I lost my motherfuckin' bro named Bennie (RIP Bennie)
And ever since then, I've been drinking color purple
No motherfuckin' seal (lean, lean-lean-lean-lean)
I'm a fuckin power ranger
Got motherfuckin' magic, no motherfuckin' genie (agh)
I ain't never had a reason
But a nigga banging red like a motherfuckin' demon (blatt! blatt!)
In 2009, I lost my motherfuckin' brother named Unfunk
They gave my nigga life and ten, hey (what?)
I just spent fifty thousand dollars to help Troup, ooh (woo!)
But only God can help a sin

[Verse 1]
I think the realest shit come out a cup, just try your luck
Yes, I believe if you can get it in (and what?)
You can get stuck (woo!)
I think that pussy is the deepest end (why?)
And I'm next up (woah-woah)
I told her to come get her ends (come on)
And leave them ducks (fuck 'em, you don't need 'em)
You already know when she replied, yah (hey)
She won't eat around me she's so shy, yah (yeah)
Put a T on her neck and that mean I tried, yeah
I'm not a human but I have never died, yeah (I tried)
I got nine lives like a cat (yeah)
I know hoes that like a little crack (swear)
I know niggas pushing them packs (packs)
I know niggas countin' them racks (rack)
I know niggas hit them bitch niggas (yeah)
You can call them bitches nats (nats)
I know bitches taking niggas jewelry in Vegas gotta call them back
Yeah, that's their duty, just blame it on coochie
She don't got cooties, oh my God like Kooly
Every time we hit the movie, we make us a movie
And I keep two woolies, I don't trust nobody cause-

[Chorus]
In 2000, I lost my motherfuckin' bro named Bennie (RIP Bennie)
And ever since then, I've been drinking color purple
No motherfuckin' seal (lean, lean-lean-lean-lean)
I'm a fuckin power ranger
Got motherfuckin' magic, no motherfuckin' genie (agh)
I ain't never had a reason
But a nigga banging red like a motherfuckin' demon (blatt! blatt!)
In 2009, I lost my motherfuckin' brother named Unfunk
They gave my nigga life and ten, hey (what?)
I just spent fifty thousand dollars to help Troup, ooh (woo!)
But only God can help a sin


[Verse 2]
These little niggas be bitches and hoes
These little niggas be bitches and hoes
These little niggas be bitches and hoes, wipe they nose
Been had checks nigga no .44
A-wrist coat with some Timbs on my soles
Fish scale jumping out the bowls
Good hair can't stay in a bow
Control, control, more control
While I'm on these pussy niggas like the po-po's
Money long, Pinocchio no-nose
And now they in a choke hold
Got a million dollars cash ridin' solo
Outta jail LV no bobos
Never mind these niggas they loco