[Hook 1: IamSu!]
I'm a stoner, I'm a stoner, I'm a stoner
You can lease a ni**a swag but you don't own it
I be smokin', I be shoppin', I be ballin'

[Verse 1: IamSu!]
(Uhh) I. Am. Su better say it right
How you tryna be a star when you afraid of heights?
I be out, every night, every hour, on the grind
Like a skater taking off, Rocket Power

I'm the man I'm the one, understand where I'm from
People dyin too young, tryna shed a little light
Please pass me the light, buckle up for the flight
Out of space out of sight, out of sight outta mind
Ought to look all the time
Heard all my life that we couldn't change the world
Can't blame me for tryin' (uhhh)

I started off local and took the rest global, I should run for mayor
I'm puttin' on, reppin' for all of my family that's still livin' there
My afro a million, you ni**as say [?]
And if a bear run up on me don't pray for me homie go pray for the bear
Cause rap is a zoo and I'm king of the jungle
I been waiting my turn, I'm tryna stay down, I'm tryna to stay humble
But fuck this shit bruh bruh I'm ill and I know it I lyrically kill my opponent
Played the back for too long not a sack for too long now it's time to deal with my [?]

(uhh) And these people say I'm actin' strange
You say you keep that shit 100 I turn your ass to change
All around the world and back again
In the major leagues this ain't no practicing

[Bridge: IamSu!]
I'm a stoner, I'm a stoner, I'm a stoner
You can lease a ni**a swag you not the owner
I be smokin', I be shoppin', I be ballin'
I'm a mufuckin' stoner

I feel like Fabo, I feel like
I feel like Fabo, I feel like Fabo, I feel like
(hahaha) Bitch!

[Hook 2: Young Thug]
I'm a stoner, I'm a stoner, I'm a stoner
I'm a stoner, I'm a stoner, I'm a stoner
I'm a stoner, I'm a stoner, I'm a stoner
I'm a motherfuckin' stoner
I just put a forty on my wrist just like a boss
I just put ten thousand on my bitch just like a boss
I just came from YSL just like a f- boss
Just like a f- boss, just like a
Boss boss

[Verse 1: Young Thug]
Thugger Thugger, you
I want Michael Jackson land, ohh
Aww I'mma cash out
I'm high as hell ain't got no satellites on me
I tell that bitch I feel like Fabo
I feel like Fabo, I feel like Fabo
I feel like Fabo, I feel like Fabo
I feel like Fabo, I feel just like Fabo

I'm back at it, Juug man voice (Yung Ralph)
Bankhead
Hear my song way from Y-T-C-R-O-B-S-M-M, now we YSL venom
Slime Thugger wit it, Slime DK wit it
Slime Wicced wit it, Slime Mondo wit it
Slime Slugger with it, Slime Bubba wit it
Slime Check wit it
Count hundreds and fifties off everyone's city

[Hook 2]

[Verse 2: Young Thug]
Running that money up, like ya 'bout to start trial
When you beat the case, turn into a stoner child
We don't stand in line, foreign shoes hurt your feet
Everybody stoned, weed, lean, molly
Every time I walk inside the club I see everybody looking
You know I'm a stoner I love drugs and I can't never be tooken
And you can suck my banana, but I won't eat your pudding
So come a lil closer, my bitch won't know ya
Andalé andalé andalé
How the fuck a nigga think he gone survive on a YSL runway (How fool?)
My glasses are metro no blood off your chest
I control ya ho like Netflix
Your bitch at my dinner she wet like a fish
I took off her three legs, T-Rex

[Hook 2]