[Intro]
I just wanna know why you ignore me
I just wanna know why you making me OD
I just wanna let you know that it's killing me slowly
I'm dying over you, you just crying over me, ayee

[Verse 1]
Slow that ass down I'm tryna talk to you (talk to you)
Throw that pussy at me, I'ma boss with it (boss)
Forty thousand dollar Birkin, blow a block with you (woah)
Let's perform a 69, I'm tryna slob with you (slurp)
Beat them bitches up, I'm tryna mob with you (mob with you)
Touch your body up, don't get mad with me (mad)
Let's get fresh, go to Tom Ford with you
I'll still swim to you if you had a shark with you (on God)
I'm tryna get this hundred thirty-five thousand dollar ring and you know the rest
I'm tryna be with you 'til dust
She say, "Yeah" 'cause she the best
Applying pressure to your chest
I beat 'em with the royal flush
My main bitch she one of one
I swear she nothing like the rest
I caught her right on Bouldercrest
Yeah, I took lil' shawty off the bus

[Chorus]
Ooo ohh! Oh! (facts, facts)
I just want whatever you got, that belongs to me
And all I can do is whine
Oh, whine!
I hope God should stop what you shot... to me

[Verse 2]
New G Wagon, 24s on that bitch
I made two of the rappers pee they clothes, prolly shit
I made two of these actress fuck my whole fucking clique (ay)
Blue cheese wrappers sitting on motherfucking slicks
Let's take a Percocet test, I prolly fail that bitch (mmh)
I think my old lady on to us, I got to mail that bitch
Ooo oooh! I got a whole lotta cheese, yeah yeah, Velveeta rich (Velveeta)
Ooo oooh! I got fans all over the world, I make 'em all moshpit
And if that nigga play crazy in the school, I'ma make his ass turn into the wall
I got all these niggas' old ladies tryna pay attention so they can know how I ball
Ball, ball
You should try by God, the car was never driving it
You should try by God, the bottle was never popping it
You should try a whole lotta things, yeah
You should try losing somethings, gotta go to the property
Everybody YSL, a lot of properties (slanging)
Everybody parasail like a Nautica (slanging)
Everybody with me pockets end up wobbling (wobbling)
Irv Gotti
Everybody with me, they ain't scared to catch a body
Everybody girl running round with everybody
Everybody came around me, start getting money
Everybody came around you, start taking molly
You see the difference
They whole picture penny pinching, they dead broke
They ain't really dead, they just living (facts)
Expert
I'm balling and I'm still in business (facts)
Make her squirt
All in the motherfucking kitchen

[Chorus]
Ooo ohh! Oh!
I just want whatever you got, that belongs to me
And all I can do is whine
Oh, whine!
I hope God should stop what you shot... to me

[Verse 3]
You can't stop what God got for me
I said, "I'ma stop," and drunk more codeine (lean)
Pop that mini label that ain't ecstasy
And I'm telling on myself but I don't care about a thing (fuck you)
It's funny now I'm rich that I don't care about money (woah)
Before I was married, man, I still didn't care about honeys (ha)
Speaking of honey, yeah, I'm a big B honey
Go tell your ex-boyfriend he can't see me or nothing (nothing)
He can be my neighbor, still can't see me
His album is the latest, still can't be me (ha)
And don't you talk to me 'bout nothing (nothing)
Every one of my watches come in flooded (ay)
Every one of these thotties, I coulda fucked, yeah (ay)
Diamonds on me, got the robbers rushing (facts)
My attitude out' space, I don't care 'bout nothing (facts)
Pack the Smith & Wesson
Actavis let go of me leg, ohh (ay)
Actually me bankroll, don't let go (let go)
Ready to run you rap niggas back home (ready)
Put a Tec-9 into the backbone (Tec-9)
Money give you goosebumps, money give you feedback
Sweat on your tee top, I don't wanna see none of y'all
Y'all are cheaters, fuck your mamacita
Yeah, I'm a nasty bastard, I need a detox
Yeah, I'm in a foreign whip with your mamacita
Ten thousand dollar chips and a hunnid visas
And I got a lot of sticks and a hunnid creatures
Better not have no bad bitch if you wanna sleep with her
Get a pack, nigga you better rollie pollie ollie
Came up in the projects with no roaches
We had to keep it clean, everything smelt soapy
Back when we had no homies

[Chorus]
Ooo ohh! Oh!
I just want whatever you got, that belongs to me
And all I can do is whine
Oh, whine!
I hope God should stop what you shot... to me