[Intro: Young Thug]
Thugger!
I roll me one, smoke to the face
I roll me one, smoke to the face
Roll up a blunt and I'ma face it
King Slime, hey!

[Pre-Chorus: Young Thug]
They politickin' 'bout these cases ('bout these cases, hey, ooh-ayy)
I told her roll me up a blunt and I'ma face it (and I'ma face it, hey!)

[Chorus: Young Thug]
Troublemaker man
I've been shootin' out with my neighbors, yeah (yeah)
My lil' niggas been tryna trap it out in the vacant, yeah (yeah)
Patek Philippe, they got my wrist and they don't play with that (Patek Phillipe)
She been suckin' dick way before a nigga made it, yeah

[Verse 1: Young Thug]
Pass me the mothafuckin' lighter (pass, pass)
Lil mama overseas, I'ma Skype her (thugga, thugga)
Nigga checkin' out the squad, tryna bite us (slime!)
But my hand is way different got the Midas (woo!)
Do a dream with me, ayy do some things with me (yeah)
Bae drink your lean with me, bae fall asleep with me (yeah)
Ayy fall asleep, we drive (woo)
Jeopardize your life or mines
Let me fuck one more time
And I'll help you write your rhymes

[Pre-Chorus: Young Thug]
It's extremely fake
They politickin' 'bout these cases (hey, ooh-ayy)
I told her roll me up a blunt and I'ma face it (hey!)

[Chorus: Young Thug]
Troublemaker man
I've been shootin' out with my neighbors, yeah (oh yeah!)
My lil' niggas tryna trap it out in the vacant, yeah (brr!)
Patek Phillipe they got my wrist and they don't play with that (Patek Phillipe)
She been suckin' dick way before a nigga made it, yeah (yeah)

[Verse 2: Young Thug]
Band, band, bands
Right outta the plans, plans, plans
I'll pop at your man, man, man
I'll do what I can, on a Xan
Guess I'm geeked up like an astronaut, I'm off the Earth
I'm way in the moon, kickin' shit without a broom
My mama can't lose
I'ma keep her in a fresh car and I'm good on them shoes
I'ma keep her so froze up, yeah I'ma keep her in some jewels
I'ma go'on 'head and nut in my bitch
I'ma gon' and give her juice
She did two times now, I done told her that was rude
They don't wanna see you win
Nah they want you always to lose
They gon' always want you be stuck with them
They'll never wish you good luck on them
And they'll never wish bad luck either
And I don't know what the fuck to think either
Got a foreign car like a white beatle
Actin' like she like people
Knowin' they don't give two fucks if they're still here
They'll leave her

[Pre-Chorus: Young Thug]
This politician is so fake
They politickin' 'bout these cases (put it on God, hey, ooh-ayy)
I told her roll me up a blunt and I'ma face it (I know he listen, hey!)

[Chorus: Young Thug & Lil Duke]
Troublemaker man
I've been shootin' out with my neighbors, yeah
My lil niggas been tryna trap it out in the vacant, yeah (oh yeah)
Patek Phillipe they got my wrist and they don't play with that (Patek Phillipe)
She been suckin' dick way before a nigga made it, yeah

[Verse 3: Duke]
Got off my ass and I got tired of waitin'
Mama say, "You gonna make it, you gotta be patient"
Came out the hood, trap out the stove out that vacant
Now we flyin' different places, fuckin' bitches all different races
I did this shit that they thought I wouldn't do and I made it
I was so down bad and so fucked up, couldn't make over 80
I lost some friends, that was so fucked up
And I know that they hate me (fuck, fuck)
Thugger, he gave me a chance and I had to take it (gimme that)
Used to chop on the block with the 380
Now when I pull up they gotta pay me
I came from nothing, born in the 80s
These niggas actors like Patrick Swayze
I gotta get it, I can't be lazy
Didn't have a dime so my mama crazy
Ran up a sack with Thugger, baby
Man this shit so amazing

[Outro: Young Thug]
Patek Phillipe
Cost a hundred bands, man
Clear nothing' on it
Then I went and seen Elliott and iced that mothafucka out, you dig
That's on Big Duck, that's on all 6, know I'm sayin'?
I got like a 170, 180 thousand dollar watch, bro
And it glow up green at night
And when the sun hit it on the plane
You understand what I'm sayin'?
Yeah, I used to do this shit to maintain
Til I started usin' 14% of my brain
And that left me with 5 stars worth of stains, you dig?
Thugger!