[Diddy] (B.I.G.)
Uh-huh...
This that Dirty Money..
Uh-huh...
(Uh..Uh..) It's that Dirty Money

[The Notorious B.I.G. - verse taken from "My Downfall"]
Uh, ain't no shook hands in Brook-land
Army fatigue -my fatigue, the enemies
Look man, you wanna see me locked up, shot up
Moms crotched up over the casket, screamin BASTARD
Cryin, know my friends is lyin
Y'all know who killed 'em filled 'em with the lugars from they Rugers
Or they Desert, dyin ain't the shit but it's pleasant
Kinda quiet, watch my niggas bring the riot..
Uh, uh, uh... (It's that Dirty Money...)

[Alternate Verse 1: Rick Ross]
I'm a photographer's dream
Countin cream as my chain swing
Mack 11 for the things that the days bring
I'm after cheddar, dirty money, yeah I chase cream
Patent leather like I'm Puffy in my Saleen
I rock jewels like my niggas in the A-Team
I'm outta space, can't you seem I am an al-ien?
My wrist A-list, Audemar is ageless
Bezel lit up like a billboard out in Vegas
You can't be serious baby you know I'm on fiyah...
Top 5, but can send you to the Most High
Dope boy and that's even in the bowtie
Oh boy, cause you know I got them close ties
(All aboard!) The last train to Paris
Wheels look like a Ferris, your jeweler should be embarrassed (hahaha!)
Rick the Ruler my mula produce the carats (whaaaa?)
Let's bow our heads, I gave you somethin to cherish
(This That Dirty Money)

[Diddy]
Came from heaven just to sing a song for you...
To the rhythm of my love for you, and now it's beatin slow
And you know, this the ennnnd of the road
When I sing that slow song for you...
And love was nothin but another gun for you ('nother gun for you..)
And I would hide it in my helpless soul
I'm not afraid to go down the road where we go
I don't know, you can hear 'em callin, don't you?
When the angels call like..

[Hook: Diddy] (Dawn)
YOOOOOOOO-HOOO~!
If you don't wanna stay you can GOOOOO-OHH...
It seems love don't live here no more...
The angels are flyin so loud, singin' to you...
(Don't you hear them callin you?)
He's the one you love... (cause I hear 'em callin me...)
And he's the one you trust... (...like our time is almost through)
Time is runnin out (There's nothin left to do)
When they're callin you...
When the angels call like.. (I answer)

[Diddy]
Falling....for yooooou...
I will tell the angels, "No"
Let 'em turn back into stone
I doooo... (I doo...) love yoooou... (love yoooou...)
It's true.... (It's true...)
Fire...climbing...
We ignore the angels' call!
They were warnings after all
It's cool... if I'm....
With you....
When the angels call like...

[Hook]

[The Notorious B.I.G. - verse taken from "My Downfall"]
Uh, uh, uh
Ain't no shook hands in Brook-land
Army fatigue -my fatigue, the enemies
Look man, you wanna see me locked up, shot up
Moms crotched up over the casket, screamin BASTARD
Cryin, know my friends is lyin
Y'all know who killed 'em filled 'em with the lugars from they Rugers
Or they Desert, dyin ain't the shit but it's pleasant
Kinda quiet, watch my niggas bring the riot..
Uh, uh, uh... (It's that Dirty Money...)

[Diddy - Outro (repeat 'til fade)]
When the angels call like...