[Intro: Rev Run & DMC]
We have a whole lot of superstars on this stage here tonight, but I want y'all to know one thing, this is my house. And when I say who's house, y'all know what time it is. Whose house? Run's house!

[RUN]
Ah, once again my friend, not a trend for then
They said, rap was crap but never had this band
Till the ruler came with a cooler name
Made ya dance and prance and drove the fans insane
Name is Run my son, number one for fun
Not a gun, that's done, and get done by none
The other act, in fact, ya just wack I kill (Why?)
It's fun, my son, and Run heads the bill!

[Chorus]
Whose house? ("say what?")
Run's house! ("say what?")
Whose house? ("say what?")
Run's house! ("say what?")

[Post-Chorus: DMC]
I'm in the house y'all
I'm in the house y'all
And this is how DMC will turn it out y'all
I'm in the house y'all
I'm in the house y'all
And this is what DMC be about y'all

[DMC]
Well my name is DMC, the all-time great
I bust the most rhymes in New York state
Reporters clock, producers jock
They want to be down with the king!
The wanted man from the wanted clan
Wanted by every fan across the land
Not a G.A.N.G off the street
R.U.N. D.M.C. complete!

(chorus)

[DMC]get on the mic and (emcee)

[RUN]
Another time I take for the rhyme I make
Make me mad and sad because the fad is fake
See I do this thing so come pursue this king
One minor rhyme is all you just bring
Cause im the best I'm def, ask the rest they left
That's my name, my game, and we dont need the ref!
So get the booze you lose and suckas close your mouth
I set a trap for rap thats crap
It's Run's house!

(chorus)

[DMC]
Some underestimate and miscalculate
My intent to create what I call the great
Till I make a song that I prove em wrong
See my song so strong it'll make em come along
Come in the door, get on the floor
Hard rock hard hitting hip hop hardcore
Causing casualties and catastrophes
And tragedies for the suck emcees
Using strategies to get the best of me
You dirty rat emcees, whoever you may be
You need to go down south
You need to shut your mouth
Its all about no doubt just shout cause we turn it out!

(chorus)