[Intro: Chamillionaire]
Uuuhh!
I think it's only right till we hit 'em with some H-Town ammunition
Chamillionaire, Doughbeezy, Marcus Manchild!
They say we ain't got it like that, so you know what? Let's get it!

[Hook: Chamillionaire]
Just give me two homes in different locations
Just make one and live the most spacious
And two rollies dipped in gold faces
And two girls that's known to switch places!
Ready? Let's get that!
Let's get that, let's go!
Lemme know if you with that
You with that? Let's go!
Just give me two yellow bones with cute faces
Gotta be backin' up or be basic!
TV screens is looking like Matrix
Cars so fast, the police can't chase it!
Ready? Let's get that!
Let's get that, let's go!
Lemme know if you with that!
You with that? Let's go, we can get it now!

[Verse 1: Chamillionaire]
Let's go! Got tired of waitin', got tired of hopin'
I'm a chain, so icey, you can ride the sloap an'
I'll extend the swing if they ridin' pokin'
And the pencil wet, I'm feelin' like I'm floatin'
You can mention 'em, but they are not as dope
If somebody lie then, somebody jokin'
And they tellin' y'all that they got it locked
We tell 'em then that we 'bout to come and pry it open
And then they all can have it, none of y'all can have it
She takin' off her shirt, want me to autograph it
So I autograph it, let me autograph it
Your woman disappearin' you can call it magic
See, it's automatic cause it's all established
I'm the Texas rapper that you know is far from average
I'm the rapper that these other rappers call the baddest
Been the baddest since the day I went and bought a tablet
Get a chick then another chick come in the mail
Your woman beggin' me to come and rub on her tail
I never cared about a cover of the XXL
Then every record, I'mma get a bigger tuck in my-sales
I'm the boss your boss should get pissed at
I'mma take it all my weapon go click clack
See, I want it all and that should be gift wrapped
Enough with the talking, Texas let's get that

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Doughbeezy]
Let's G-O get it?
My grind got me blind, I don't see no niggas!
It's the colored chandeliers or it's the South-East beast
So we leave 'em boys pissed like a P.O. visit
Your money like a midget, mine tall like a giant
I used to get mad cause I couldn't get fly
Now when I say I fly, I really mean that I'm fly
Couldn't pay my light bill, now show's outta line
Yeah, if you with it I'm with it
I'm down to go get it this minute, right now
I don't care who did it or done it, I need it
I want it, fuck next, I'm the nigga right now
I'm comin' up quick, got 'em lookin' like "How?"
But I'm lookin' right back like "Nigga, fuck you"
I dropped my mixtape and the next day
Did a song with a nigga that I look up to
Scream droppin' like pantyhose
Give the niggas toothpaste from the candy dolls
Even in 2020 my rims still gonna be from 1984
Yeah, that's the Texas tank and I'm the Texas Chain Saw
I murder beast, no paces
Fuck being local, I want the whole nation
So when I sign my deal, I'mma tell the label

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Marcus Manchild]
Okay, we can get it now
Hop on a record then I'm flippin' out
I want every bitch to approach me with their motherfuckin' titties out
Because a nigga wanna feel 'em out, that's how I'm feelin' now
I wanna know what you kids about, but never take 'em to the biggest house
I pull up at the garage in the car, the top back gettin' down, vroom vroom
And I'm peeling out like "What-you-know-about-it?"
What? I'm sippin' purple
Wanna get rich off of the work flow
And I speed it up like Turbo, got up in the game, fell in love with some Virgos
Two friends beside you, you know I'm finna hit 'em
Pull 'em to the side, yeah, you know I'm finna get 'em
Cause I'm all about my spinnin', mucher, than my mozzarella
Martadein, yeah, they wanna be the part of that
Walked in 'bout to me because I'm Space God
With a pocket full of bank cards, like I play cards but I ain't play y'all
And they tell me a nigga finna take off to the labels that I'm with that
With the car I like I fit that -
Cut the check, motherfucka let's get that! (bwooy!)

[Hook]

[Outro: Chamillionaire]
You know these clowns won't be able to keep H-Town down
Somebody better let 'em know.. die slow