Fred on da track nigga!

Bow his ass up!, bow his ass up!, bow his ass up! (vocal mixing)3X

Yeah,yeah,yeah
Yeah,yeah,yeah
YEAH!!!

Get off meh! (get off meh!)(repeat 8x)
Bow that niggaaaa!! (repeat 8x)

Hook: Bow his ass up! (shawty!) (repeat 8x)

(Baby D)
Eastside throw it up, Zone-3 whatz up
If it ain't crunk then tell that nigga back up
Mean mug in my face, throwin' bow's to the face
We too D-double-E-P, deep! if you wanna buck,knuckle up
Watch me bow his ass up, throw ya sets up
Throw ya hands and ya hood up
Get buck, get rowdy, throwin' bow's everybody
Dump the hata's in the trunk, and the hoe's cut sum'
If you don'tgive a fuck, throw ya middle finger up
Throw them bow's on them hoe's
Where they at?, there they go!
In a Chevy wood, bitch burnin' up
Fiend a every fuck ass hoe
Man I got's to throw a bow!

Hook: 8x

(Shawty Beezly)
Throw them bow's on them playa hata's, get out the way
Oomp Camp comin' through nigga, we don't play!
Who it is bend it down nigga?, straight off da chain
In the club gettin' rowdy nigga?, it ain't no thang!
Cuz' fuck them  other nigga's cause I'm down for my killa's
Them nigga's that toute them nine-millimeters
Who you thought it was  trick?, it's Shawty B.,
The real, still Simpson road, still 20-50 hoooe!
I'm up on a fat sack still drankin' hella-yella
Brought ya game back, my brother never, ever turning back!

Back up (back up) (repeat 4x)

Ya too close to meh! (repeat 8x)

(Major "Dollar Bill" Banks)
Throw them bows to the nose!
Hit'em in the gold!, leave ya hand swole!
Oh, playa, don't swerve in the Impala!
Who it be?, the young playa Dollar!
Watch them dawgs holla!, servin' major flour!
Major Banks in the club, so don't stand so close
Ya brag, and boast, I get in the club, the beat goes!
Hata's wanna fight 'bout a stankin' coochie!
The bow's ain't enough said crank the booty!
Give yo' guns to me, I'll spill his brains
Leave'em in da parking lot, boy you betta get out da wayyyy!

Hook: 4x

Ya too close to meh (repeat 8x)
Bow his ass up (repeat 5x)

(Lil' Jon & The Eastside Boyz)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, YEAH!!

Get off meh! (get off meh!) (repeat 8x)
Back up bitch nigga! (fo' you catch a slug!) (repeat 4x)

Y'all pussy ass niggas get scruubed in the cluub!
Eastside niggas don't give a fuuuck!
Y'all pussy ass niggas get scruubed in the cluub!
Westside niggas don't give a fuuuck!
Y'all pussy ass niggas get scruubed in the cluub!
Southside niggas don't give a fuuuck!
Y'all pussy ass niggas get scruubed in the cluub!
Whatz up!, whatz up!, whatz up!, whatz up!, WHAT!

My d.j. (D.J. Montay!) d.j. Montay (D.J. Montay!) my d.j. .....
Who you wit? (big boy) ya know it don't matter

My d.j. (D.J. Montay!) d.j. Montay (D.J. Montay!) my d.j. .....
Who you wit nigga?, you know it don't matter

Bow His ass up! (vocal mixing)