[Intro] (Skrewz Loose)
Yeah! BIRD!
Yeah, this...
This right here?
Is for all them snitches
BITCH NIGGAS!
Yeah! You know what it is!
A-Game & Bird, Skrewz Loose mothafucka!
ZOO CREW!
Yo

[Verse 1] (A-Game)
Now I ain't one to Go To Church, but keep it up and I'm a send you there
To make the message clear, we'll make you see your death is near
Popping pistols, blasting missiles you run scared like Chicken Little
Get a little demented then wreck every instrumental
Take an axe and split your mental, pulling teeth so check the dentals
Disrespectful? I'm a murk you and I won't feel sentimental
Bang your head like heavy metal, see I got a score to settle
Far ahead of rappers in the game, who just toy and meddle (fuck 'em!)
Try and stop us bitch, we'll never flop
Call the cops, cause I'm on the block, drop it like it's hot, yah!
Spit my game, talk my shit, grab my gat, then load my clip
Bullets rip, then we dip, flee the scene, no evidence
Knew a chick who would use and abuse me
And all these fake friends running round trying to fool me
So fuck these lames I make 'em all Go To Church
After that we take 'em out and then they rolling in a hearse, word

[Hook] (Skrewz Loose)
If you a scared mothafucka, Go To Church! (GO TO CHURCH!)
If you know Skrewz Loose, you know we put in work! (PUT IN WORK!)
If you talking shit, you riding in a hearse (IN A HEARSE!)
After that, we fucking put 'em in the dirt (IN THE DIRT! (x2)

[Verse 2] (Bird)
Law breaking citizen, sick of taking medicine
V.I.P. so let us in, popping beans with Mexicans
Elevate like elevators, stepping up like escalators
Much love to all my haters, get you cut with sharp razors
Black tint, black rims, you know what it is!
Bird! Call me? And I'll be there with a couple friends
Zoo Crew reppin, grab a weapon, get to steppin' if you sweatin'
Overdose on life, learn a lesson, then put out a message
I thank God that God gave me all these blessin's
I haven't been to church, cause I'm in a smoking session
Pray for forgiveness until I am forgiven
Satan no longer likes me, cause I'm not sinnin'
Winnin' like Charlie Sheen I get the women
I got her taking off her clothes in the first sitting
Just stop, or get shot like 50, Biggie, 2Pac
You scared? Go To Church, read a verse, smoke a little pot

[Hook] (Skrewz Loose)
If you a scared mothafucka, Go To Church! (GO TO CHURCH!)
If you know Skrewz Loose, you know we put in work! (PUT IN WORK!)
If you talking shit, you riding in a hearse (IN A HEARSE!)
After that, we fucking put 'em in the dirt (IN THE DIRT! (x2)

[Bridge] (Bird)
Yeah, you know what it is!
Zoo Crew to the fullest, Skrewz Loose
MothaFUCK y'all niggas
Yeah, yeah
Bird, A-Game, what it do? YEAH!

[Hook] (Skrewz Loose)
If you a scared mothafucka, Go To Church! (GO TO CHURCH!)
If you know Skrewz Loose, you know we put in work! (PUT IN WORK!)
If you talking shit, you riding in a hearse (IN A HEARSE!)
After that, we fucking put 'em in the dirt (IN THE DIRT! (x2)

[Outro] (A-Game)
Yeah! SwooZOO NIGGA!
Right now? You're either dead or in church
Mothafucka! Zoo Crew
SwooZoo, fuck with it
Skrewz Loose, nigga