Hey! It's ya boy, Lil Jon right
(Yeah) I got my dog Tyrese in here with me...
And he just got a little something to tell?
All the ladies out there

Let's go!

Going back and forth, what we talkin' bout
Keep tippin' around the subject?
So I'm gonna go right on out and say
If anybody got what you need, girl it's me
Oh baby, girl it's me. Please believe
And I'm trying hard to show how much I want you
Need a man for the job, yeah
You said you need someone to do(bring your body)
So baby bring that body close to me

Want to be the one to know ya (the one to know ya)
The one to show ya(the one to show ya)
Shorty i'm trying to turn ya out
Trying to be the one to see ya(the one to see ya)
The one to freak ya(the one to freak ya)
Shorty i'm trying to turn ya out

I wanna be the one to, give your body what it needs
(what it needs)
Can't you hear me lady(lady), talking to you baby
I wanna be the one to grab that(the one to grab that)
The one to have that(the one to have that)
Shorty I'm trying to turn ya out. (ooooh)

I can feel your heart is getting cold
See your body right there, I wanna go
All you gotta do to make it right, is call on me
I got that thug love(thug love), put you up against the wall
And give me that thug love(thug love)
Baby, I wanna be?
Wanna be the one you think of(when you feel like doing it all)
Wanna be the one you reach for(whenever your body calls)
Wanna be the one to lay(your body down tonight)
Wanna be the one to take you, wanna be the one to show you

The one to know ya
(I wanna show ya) the one to show ya
Shorty I'm trying to turn ya out

Trying to be the one to see ya(the one to see ya)
The one to freak ya( the one to freak ya)
Shorty I'm trying to turn ya out

I wanna be the one to, give your body what it needs.(what it needs)
Can't you hear me lady(lady), talking to you baby
I wanna be the one to grab that(the one to grab that)
The one to have that(the one to have that)
Shorty I'm trying to turn ya out. (ooooh)

(Girl you need to make it be love?.love?love)
When you can't sit still baby
And you don't know why baby(oooh)
(Girl you need to make it be?.love?love)
When you can't make me baby
And your feeling tired baby
(And I think it needs to be love?love?love)
Baby girl you know, everybody needs somebody to love
(Girl you need to make it be love?love?love)
Girl I'm just a phone call away
Baby let me be the, let me be the one

The one to know ya
The one to show ya
Shorty I'm trying to turn ya out
(I don't want to be the one)
The one to see ya
The one to freak ya
Shorty I'm trying to turn ya out

I wanna be the one to, give your body what it needs
Can't you hear me lady, talking to you baby
I wanna be the one to grab that(one to grab that)
The one to have that(the one to have that)
Shorty I'm trying to turn ya out

(Lil Jon)
Yeah?Shorty I've been trying to turn ya out
You know what I'm saying
I wanted to from the first time I saw you
I said ?I gotta have that.?
I do whatever it takes to turn you all the way out
To make you mine. You know what I'm talking about?
(Yeah) I don't wanna be the one to grab that, to have that
I'm just trying to turn ya out, baby. Hey