Uh, yeah, alright
Uh, well alright
Yeah, well alright
Uh huh
Yeah
Feel good

[Verse 1: Drake]
It's a celebration clap clap bravo
Lobster and shrimp and a glass of Moscado
For the girl who's a student and her friend who's a model
Finished the whole bottle...and we gonna do it big like this
Yea and he was just practice
He ain't in your world you can take him off ya atlas
Girl you on fire can I be the one you match with
I give you a credit card and baby you can max this out
Show me where ya tats is, show me where ya heads at
Maybe I can grasp it
They say if you get her you can understand her better
And she known to be a cheater but that's only if you let her
Yea... and I got it together so when they talk
They try to deter me it's like whatever
Tell em' I appreciate the help, but I just gotta know for myself

[Chorus: Marleik]
Can we be? Tell me can you handle this lifestyle that I'm in?
Been with all these other girls around me, just wanna get to know me
Can we be? I wanna know, I wanna know, I wanna know
C-Can we be? I wanna know, w-wanna know, I wanna know

[Verse 2: Drake]
This lifestyle is foul this sh*t'll damage her
Especially when you think no one is understanding you
These girl groups with they overprotected managers
Got paparazzi over my shoulders clickin' they camera
Snap snap snap until they runnin' outta card space
You remind me of Tony's sister in Scarface
Just take it easy on love and slow ya heart rate
Girl there's graces atop but it's such a hard place
Yea... but if you never even been there
It kinda make sense why you dying to pertain there
Spillin' all your drinks, takin' pictures in your swimwear
Head up in the clouds you survivin' on the thin air
I know that sh*t is exhausting girl
And your mistakes are costing girl
And maybe you don't need the help but I just wanna see for myself

[Chorus: Marleik]
Can we be? Tell me can you handle this lifestyle that I'm in?
Been with all these other girls around me, just wanna get to know me
Can we be? I wanna know, I wanna know, I wanna know
C-Can we be? I wanna know, w-wanna know, I wanna know

[Verse 3: Marleik]
So baby say what it is about you
Have been thinking to spend a day without you
Girl I hope you're ready, see I'm really busy
If you wanna be my girl
Cause babe I'm so curious, you're so mysterious
So figure what you want, cause this is what you see, bein' with me

[Chorus: Marleik]
Can we be? Tell me can you handle this lifestyle that I'm in?
Been with all these other girls around me, just wanna get to know me
Can we be? I wanna know, I wanna know, I wanna know
C-Can we be? I wanna know, w-wanna know, I wanna know