[Intro]
Damn V-O, sounds like you got a lot of niggas mad at you bruh. Guess that's what happens when uh, you a R&B Diva tryna live a rapper's life. You know what I'm saying. But um, if you really want it with me man I got you, I'mma show you what it is to get exposed, I hope I'm on key, hahaha

[Bridge]
The V-O-Y I'm talking to you
And both them record deals that ain't never go through
OK Voyce, we know you was a snitch
But you don't get your boys back like that
Still need a ride, you ain't gettin paid
And Taj got you at them shoots wearing pink shades
OK Voyce, always knew you a bitch
But I ain't know you got down like that

[Verse 1]
I hear you issuing threats, you need to kill the jive talk
Furthest thing from street bruh, that's why I call you sidewalk
We here waiting, if you stupid then try it
How you gon' knock me out lookin' like Snoop on a diet?
Uh, listen slim fast, we all know that
The only time that you raisin' up the shooters is in the gym class
This ain't dooms day, this today and after
This a diss track from your sister's favorite rapper

[Interlude]
Oh man... Yo V-O man let's reminisce for a second man, we been through a lot of shit man. Like um, you remember when, you remember when you used to kick it at Jazzy's studio yo? And you used to make fun of Rahmel and say that he looked so old that if you punched him in the face, his head might turn to dust yo. I remember that, and you used to make of Diggs too man and now you like, standing side by side with him cuttin' records, I think that shit funny man. Ayo Boi-1da you remember the time he told us about um, knockin' some dude out back in uh, what was it college, university man, but really, he got his ass laid out and had to call D10 to come fix him up [laughs]. Oh man. let's get back into the track

[Verse 2]
Ho, I hope this ego trip you on won't last honey
Cause everyone you get around got you gas money
And where the cash at? Nigga speakin' of gas money
We all had to give you lifts, isn't that funny?
It's real talk, you know better I don't play that
He tell you I'mma liar, I figured that he would say that
But this the same nigga that be talkin' about a Maybach
And can't make a move from his momma house in Ajax

[Interlude]
Dawg, I mean, you just shit on everybody, b. And that's ya problem man, I'm about loyalty man. I mean, I remember when you told me that D10 better pull his act together or else he gon' be babysittin' ya kids man, damn! You done shit on Sho, Me, Symphony, Andreena, Carmen, Lanny, Jazzy, Promise. Man, you done made fun of everybody over at Maxamus Melanie, Taj, Rahmel, Diggs. You said you was gonna knock ex out. You even made fun of Boi-1da when I wasn't around. I mean dog, you, you just a unloyal cat man (It's what it is) and this the commitment right here, Heartfelt music, ho! Ya man Toronto I got you for the next two summers don't even worry man. Yeah, shout out to everybody I know, everybody that's down with me that know that they down with me man. Precise waddup, Jason Johnson waddup, Niko waddup, Janyelle I see you baby and I know you seeing Niko, hahah

[SPINZ VOICEMAIL MESSAGE]