INTRO: Jhene Aiko]
What's up? Been a minute since we kicked it, you've been caught up
With them bitches, I don't get it, you're a star love
You shouldn't have to deal with that
I'd never make you feel like that, cause...

[HOOK: Jhene Aiko]
I love me, I love me enough for the both of us
That's why you trust me, I know you been through more than most of us
So what are you? What are you, what are you so afraid of?
Darling you, you give but you cannot take love

VERSE 01:
I needed to hear that shit, I hate when you're derisive
Passive aggressive when we talking, I feel your position
I look to see the tears that pour from you, man our love's slipping
I don't believe you when you tell me that were just different
I have began to realize it takes us more than a minute
I want to take a few steps back to when I was still a kid
Coming home not worrying about shit, but what I watched on my TV set
I've been dealing with my dad, I think he needs a cassette
Because man a nigga tells me shit that I'll forget
We've been focused on my past and the time that I've wasted
Babe when you come close to me, girl your freaking amazing
Well, fuck it, why do we be dating?
All we do is roll some paper, start the kissing, then get to the freaking
You always tell me that you gonna start leaving
Then I punch a hole in the wall, my heart starts bleeding
You tell me about this guy that you started meeting
Even though on the weekend, you begin the cheating
You honestly got a problem, uh, I hate the sneaking and weeping
When you the only girl that I wanna be seeing when I'm dreaming
I search for you but I'm missing the point when we start locking
But girl, the qualities I looked for are blocking
Why we fucking for? It's better you pick them panties off the floor

HOOK:

[VERSE 02: Drake]
Thinking 'bout Texas, back when Porscha used to work at Treasures
Or further back than that, before I had the Houston leverage
When I got Summer a Michael Kors with my momma's debit
A weak attempt at flexing, I'll never forget it
Cause that night I played her three songs
Then we got to talking 'bout something we disagreed on
Then she start telling me how I'll never be as big as Trey Songz
Boy was she wrong, that was just negative energy for me to feed off
Now it's therapeutic blowing money in the Galleria
Or Beverly Center Macy's where I discovered Bria
Landmarks of the muses that inspired the music
When I could tell it was sincere without tryna prove it
The one that I needed was Courtney from Hooters on Peachtree
I've always been feeling like she was the piece to complete me
Now she engaged to be married, what's the rush on commitment?
Know we were going through some shit, name a couple that isn't
Remember our talk in the parking lot at the Ritz
Girl I felt like we had it all planned out, I guess I fucked up the vision
Learning the true consequences of my selfish decisions
When you find out how I'm living, I just hope I'm forgiven
It seem like you don't want this love anymore
I'm acting out in the open, it's hard for you to ignore
But girl, what qualities was I looking for before?
Who you settling for? Who better for you than the boy, huh?

HOOK: