Here I go. Im a rapper turned singer. And you can tell that he smoke, but I don't need my vocal cords all I hit is C-Notes
N.E.R.D flow, i spaz if im prevoked
I'm about to change the fuckin game, pass the re-mote
Money is everythang, and its every other thing
I'm part of the choir, its the motto that my brotha sang
Cash is the right now, women are the post game
Money-over-bitches dot com check the domain
It's comin too soon, album on the way
People ask me if I pray, I say yup, once in the blue moon
Oops I mean a red moon... I did it again to 'em
Let me leave a space in for your blood affiliation
I say, heavy metaphors, flow so over weight
I can rap around these other youngins like a cobra snake
Frost bite drizzy nigga, no body as cold as Drake
Keep yo ass in-line, don't be tryin to roller skate
Fuck all the discreet shit, I get on some deep shit
I am twenty-one tell me who do I compete with?
I'm on my elite shit, you can tell I'm real cause I'm getting hood lovin I ain't even talkin' street shit
Young angel, young lyin and I'm done tryin
I'm just doin, who's drinkin cause I'm buyin
It's on meee, everything is on meee
And my girl is still down like she's fuckin john B
And when I go dumb, I tend to do dumb shit
I just listen back and now I'm sounding like a trumpet
This is for all the stripper cause I know that they gonna bump it tellem back it up and dump it, back it, back it up and dump it
Ain't no pistols here, yo money will disappear
My accountant will feed his family off my fiscal year
Tax brackets and back and forth faxes
My money comin full circle, get up on my axis
Nebby Imma kill 'em, only cause I promised
They think I'm being cocky but I'm only being honest
I'm swallowin the goose, got a model gettin loose, and I never party unless I got some bottles and a booth
I just walk up on the scene, I'm about to take this, I'm just having patience cause I want it to make sense
White cup, orange pop, Tennessee state shit, drop a fo in it and appreciate the greatness.. Drizzy!

Wayne: Yeah, p-p-pass the dro. I am such a beast and you ask them hoes. And they might even say you should leave me alone
Homie scared. Cause they just like me
Stuntin' is a habit, get it from my daddy
Just like Shaggy I toat dat boom bastic
I'm a rude bastard, I don't give a fuck bout ya'll
I ain't talkin moths but you can pluck my balls
And yes I'm falling but up I fall and if ya bitch in heat she can fuck my dog
I went from penny pinchin to private planes
Never sat on any benches, I got in games
Starter carter ball harder, ten girls penthouse suit ya'll order
Whatever ya'll please.. wine crackers and cheese
They take off their clothes and put on my t's
This supplement im on got me feeling mighty
My gun and money don't split call that shit Siamese
My watch make the frickin' time freeze
Yah girl bless me she suck my dick when I sneeze
Cheap ass apartment, just the kitchen I need
And eighteen G's is why the chicken cross the street
Whatchya know about it my niggas so about it
If we kill everybody they can't go to court about it
Weezy I ignore the liars, baby I ignite the fire, I am like a Michael Myers, leave your body in the dryer
Got the shoty on the side of me, my bad boys follow me
Im a bad boy obviously, pop one at your ivy league
I dont have a rivalry if so you will have a casualty, oops I meant a casualty, oops I meant catastrophy, oops I meant actually
You niggas is just ass to me, and big wet pussy is more like what I'm rathering
Welcome to the gathering, welcome to the burying, or I hang ya on the wall like an art gallery
You got short salary, and I got long money, I got cash money, I got young money.. bitch...

Dj Drama: See I told ya'll it'd be well worth the wait right?

Wayne: Dedication threeee