[Intro]
It's uhm, it's great to be back on SNL
Where's Toronto at? Is Toronto in the house tonight? Yeah
So...as you can tell I'm from Canada
And I know what you're thinking, but... no
You can not move in with me if Trump wins
I'm sorry, that's no go
I really am glad to be here but you'll ha...you'll have to excuse me if I seem a little upset
Backstage, right before I came out
My friend showed me this...meme he found online
And it just...it really shook me
It was a picture of me dancing in my Hotline Bling video
And some joker...had put a caption on it that said
"When you farted and got away with it"
And if I'm being real, like...it hurts, you know...and it...
It just seems like this keeps happening to me
And I don't know...It's almost like I can do is sing about it
So...I'm ready

[Verse 1]
Drinks with some old friends
That's when it happens again
I start hearing from the whole fam
That I got clowned on Instagram
Tryna hide my reaction
When I read the funny caption
Feels like I'm in a bad dream
Cause I got turned into another meme, yeah

[Hook 1]
I just wanna scream
That I'm more than a meme, that's right
I just wanna scream
That I'm more than a meme

[Verse 2]
Catch me looking with those bedroom eyes
Asking if you're gonna finish those fries
Tryna say you really care about me
But then you put my picture on E.T (It's not nice)
How can I explain to my momma
When you got my beard on Obama
I do not complain, I am not a whiner
But why am I sitting on the Seinfeld diner?

[Hook 2]
I feel like I'm swimming upstream
Against all of these memes
Why do they attack me?
And then attack my favorite team?

[Verse 3]
Look, I'm not just a picture, I have feelings too
Like, how would you feel if it happened to you?
If I came after you, did a meme of her
Yeah cause your sketch got cut after dress rehearsal (eighty)
What if I found your moment of pain
And used it for my own comedy gain?

[Shortened Hook]
Now you know what I mean
That I'm more than a meme

[Verse 4]
And look, I get that my face is expressive
But some of the memes are a little aggressive
I would just say it's a little excessive
When you go make me the face of Progressive
I know it's not important
But when they catch my face contorted
And the meaning gets distorted
I can only help but feel like crying Jordan
I'm more than a meme

[Interlude: Drake + Drake as Rihanna]
Oh, ladies and gentleman, do I have a treat for you tonight
Rihanna is here tonight, make some noise
Oh I'm so excited to be here tonight
Oh my God, oh my God

[Beat-Switch]

[Bridge]
Yeah, see Drake ain't a meme, meme, meme, meme, meme
But it nah seem, seem, seem, seem, seem, seem
Another joker getting, getting, getting, getting, getting
I swear we only friend, friend, friend, friend, friends...
Alright, Rihanna's incredible ladies and gentleman
Make some noise for her please

[Beat-Switch]

[Outro]
I should take it as a sign of self-esteem
It feels like I'm the victim of an internet scheme
It's just hard when it seems
You don't love me for me
You just love me for memes