[Chorus]
I'm still fly I'm sky high and I dare anybody to try and cut my wings
I'm still pullin' out the phantom and these haters can't stand him
Nigga I'm still doin my thing
I'm still fly I'm sky high and I dare anybody to try and cut my wings
I'm still shuttin' cities down every time I come around
Nigga I'm still doin' my thing
I'm still

[Verse]
Responsible for everything you listen to
While mediocre talent proceeds to try and condition you
Took over my city and I never asked permission to;
Started poppin' bottles cuz it's ATL tradtion to
Celebrate at Bymark, fuck 'em at the SoHo
If there ain't a elevator in it it's a no go
Coldest thing droppin' and these bitches want a snow blow
And they just give me head while the haters give me promo
And man, my DJ shoulda won that
Nelissa and Wristpect, Man the city owe us one back
All these old heads keep they minds on one track
And me, I run Toronto, holla at me when you done laps
Roll around with Niko, party with Azuka
Shout goes out to 1da, shout goes out to future
Shout goes out to Getty, motherfucker I am ready
And whoever got the torch just can't seem to hold it steady
Cuz I see the flame flickerin', ex-girls bickerin'
Got these women jockin' me from Heart Lake Road to Pickerin
Tried to send my nigga short some syrup out in Michigan
But my connect said it'd take a minute if you're listenin'
Please start doin' you, I been doin' me
And I'm a staple in my city, you can never ruin me
Rappers are emotional, critics be reviewin' me
But I got love for everybody even if you're suin' me
My brother P-Reign knows, we fuck with the same hoes
Plus he taught me how to spot a officer in plain clothes
Starin' at you pussy niggas, all I see is rainbows
Hoppin' on a jet to every single Lil Wayne show
Me and Lil Jazzy, please do not harass me
Just holla if you got me and fuck you if you had me
Shout out to Brian E, shout out to Photo Will
Shout out to Oliver and 40, man you know the deal
Shout out to Mayhem, shout out to P-Plus
The names I mention are crucial; you gonna need us
And life is good, everything is just fine
I am so sure of my rhymes
I could sacrifice a line like (mumbles)
Yeah, haha, I swear I really fuckin' does it
I had these niggas trippin', no luggage

[Chorus]
I'm still fly I'm sky high and I dare anybody to try and cut my wings
I'm still pullin' out the phantom and these haters can't stand him
Nigga I'm still doin my thing
I'm still fly I'm sky high and I dare anybody to try and cut my wings
I'm still shuttin' cities down every time I come around
Nigga I'm still doin' my thing
I'm still

[Outro]
Drizzy's home baby. Niko just came and scooped me from the airport, like, 3 hours ago, I still got my hotel slippers on and shit
So you know, I'm ready though. It's octobersveryown.blogspot.com, that's where you find all the exclusives at
You know October's Very Own, we got, we got the real life entourage, it's like me, Freeko Suave, Oliver, the Parisian Gangster, 40-40, John B. You know what it is man, Lebanon Dons in this bitch. You already Yeah You can tell I'm at the point where I'm on a ride, I really don't give a fuck rite now I'll tell you that much baby. Huh? Here I go, baby! Here I go! It's not that I'm an asshole, I just live behind a tint, I don't see you. The tints provided by Mosely Tribe by the way, shout out to Mosely Tribe. Shout out to Ransom M Jeezy, I see you boy. Yeah. Should I stop? Here I go!