Lyrics

[Verse 1 (Drake)]

I'm the fucking man, y'all don't get it, do ya?
Type of money, everybody acting like they knew ya
Go Uptown, New York City, biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitch
Some Spanish girls love me like I'm Aventura
Tell Uncle Luke I'm out in Miami too
Clubbing hard, fucking women... ain't much to do
Wrist bling, got a condo up in Biscayne
Still getting brain from a thang, ain't shit changed
How you feel how you feel how you feel?
25 sitting on 25 mil
I'm in the building and I'm feeling myself
Rest in peace Mac Dre, I'mma do it for the Bay
Okay, getting paid, we'll holler whenever that stop
My team good, we don't really need a mascot
Tell Tune, "Light one, pass it like a relay"
YMCMB, you niggas more YMCA (LISTEN)

[Verse 2 (Zin-Zeta)]

It's Jorge, back-to-back with Aubrey
And white chicks, dying to back their asses on me
But, I ain't referring to "white-girl booty," niggaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Her ass looking like a bag o' laundry
The b*tch a milf; I'm f*cking her with her man's pops
"Charlie Horse" dick's tenderizing her lamb chops
Started off soaked, shorty had the damp twat
Till I hit it all night and left her with a sand box
That's why I'm rarely home. You know a brother busy
Plus, I'm outta town, promoting "... The Wunderwizzy"
But in each and every one of my cities
I've got a wonderful biddy with a couple of double-D titties
You feel me? Life is pretty. You tight cause yours is sh*tty?
Well, don't get it twizzy; my background: gritty
Team Zeta 'bout the paper; the neighbors caught the vapors
Before you try and play us, though, go and get a shape-up, hater

[Verse 3 (Drake/Zin-Zeta)]

Drake: Me, Franny, and Mally Mall at the crib-o
Shout goes out to Niko, J and Chubbs, shouts to Gibbo
We got Santa Margherita by the liter
She know even if I'm fucking with her, I don't really need her, oooooohhhhhh...

Zin-Zeta: And I don't really need'em; I just lead'em up, eat'em out
And beat'em up, then leave'em out cold, once the semen's out
Give'em what they dream about, then let'em know the deal
I tell'em it's a one-time thing and "It's been real." You feel me?

Drake: That's how you feel, man? That's really how you feel?
Cause the pimping ice cold; all the bitches wanna chill
I mean, maybe she won't, but again, maybe she will
I can almost guarantee she'll know the deal. Real nigga, what's up?

Hook:

Zin-Zeta: Dick is on her molar... sippin' Coca Cola
We only lick cunts, got my model lickin' bolas
Drake: And we 'bout it err'day
Zin-Zeta: Err'day
Drake: Err'day
Zin-Zeta: Like we only rent games
Drake: Nigga, we don't really play... err'day
Zin-Zeta: err'day
Drake: F*ck what anybody say
Zin-Zeta: I can't see you cause her...
Drake: ... ass...
Zin-Zeta: ... in the way
Tyga: Real nigga, what's up?

Drake: Now she want a photo... you already know, though
"You only live once"... that's the motto, nigga - YOLO
Zin-Zeta: And we 'bout it err'day
Drake: Err'day
Zin-Zeta: err'day
Drake: Like we're sitting on the bench...
Zin-Zeta: ... nigga, we don't really play
Drake: err'day
Zin-Zeta: err'day
Drake: F*ck what anybody say
Zin-Zeta: Can't see you cause the money in the way
Drake: Real nigga, what's up?