[Verse 1: BriRealiLL]
Mind on my money always on my grind and you can't take it from me
No I ain't no dummy papa ain't raise no fool plus he told me don't chase these dudes
Just chase these dues cause they owe you & when you get 'em they gon' act like they know you
They say they got ya back but they'll probably hold you I'm tryna make sure my family eat like Soul Food
So I'm gon' do what I'm supposed to and that's make it & get that cake on time no belated & stunt on every single muufucka that hated (me)
Started man this shit sound retarded so retarded DJ had to restart it now you gon' shake ya head like Family Feud's Steve Harvey
Uh..
Mind on my money always on my grind and you can't take it from me
No I ain't no dummy papa ain't raise no fool plus he told me don't chase these dudes
Just chase these dues cause they owe you & when you get 'em they gon' act like they know you
They say they got ya back but they'll probably hold you I'm tryna make sure my family eat like Soul Food
So I'm gon' do what I'm supposed to and that's make it & get that cake on time no belated & stunt on every single muufucka that hated (me)
Started man this shit sound retarded so retarded please don't restart it cause we gon' have to use this version for the Garden
This is my theme put this on ya playlist make sure you that you play it when I walk in the room Cleopatra of rappin' make sure that my crown has a place in my tomb
I was made for this shit they was bangin' my beats back when I was in the womb now the bars and the beats that I'm makin' gon' get me an ocean-side view
Nigga we made it I think they caught the vapors do me a favor don't do me no favors
On my way to the top my best friend just called me & told me he prayed it so when I get there I'll call him back and tell him nigga we made it
Ain't that some shit I will not stop until my people rich and not off dope but I'm dope so this dope gon' make sure that all of our paper's legit
Do that I'ma do that and any body hatin' on me just wait I'ma make it guarantee that I'll prove that
They say that I say too much but really I do not be trippin' I'ma continue to say it until every one of y'all listen
I'm damn near the best no I shouldn't have to say it but the world will find out sooner or later when they see that blimp sayin' "Nigga We Made It"
Nigga we made it nigga we made it we made it we major
Give a fuck 'bout a hater grind like a skater no love for a traitor
Chucks on like a Taylor but GMST is the gang & Black Sheep be the label
Fake niggas out dated I waited and waited but somehow I'm still underrated
Y'all niggas be playin

[Hook: Soulja Boy]
Nigga we made it, aye
We made it, aye
Nigga we made it, aye
We made it

[Verse 1: Drake]
She said she workin' for Walgreens but not in the store, at the head office
The head was so good it makes sense why you work at the head office
In 2007 I sat in the lobby of Motown and waited
Now I walk into the buildin' and go off like "Nigga we made it!"
When I walk through these halls, man this beat should be playin'
I just came to make sure you not missin' no payments
Now turn this shit down while I issue my statement
It needed a moment of silence, nigga we made it!
You fly out your lady, I fly out my latest
Bitches can't front on the kid anymore, man they know what my name is
And if by chance she don't know who I am, she just know that I'm famous
Imma just hand her a business card and say "Nigga we made it!"
And she gotta come through the hotel and pop it off for me
Then she gon' text her best friend like "Girl he got some good dick and money"
Her friend hit her back like "I know that already, that nigga's amazin'"
Then I send a message to both of they asses like "Nigga we made it!"

[Interlude: Kenny Powers]
Kinda makes me wonder why the hell so many people are tryna tell me to slow down. Seems like motherfuckers should be shuttin' the hell up and enjoyin' the show

[Hook: Soulja Boy]

[Verse 2: Drake]
If they with me, just know that they wit' it and 'bout it
If I said it, I meant it, it's no way around it
OVO, Reps Up, and P. Reign is next up watch Gway go crazy
When Baka came home for the holidays, I was like "Nigga we made it!"
And all of those lawyer fees, nigga I paid it
My family get all of my loyalty, all of my patience
My life for your life, man I wouldn't trade it
I would just look at you dead in yo' face and say "Nigga we made it!"
I swear that we made it, sell out that ting, I'm the king in Jamaica
But I've been on that wave,that's why this year I tell yah, I don't need no favors
(Damn, Soulja Boy stunt on them haters)
And my resolution for New Years is nigga we made it!
You don't know how long I waited, I coulda been waitin' on tables, my karma's amazin'
I'm out in the Caymans, rented a 12-bedroom house just to sleep all the women we came with
That's ignorant, ain't it? Sometimes I question myself when I think 'bout the pictures I painted
Then I pick up my brush and I sign at the bottom like "Nigga we made it!"

[Hook: Soulja Boy]

[Verse 3: Soulja Boy]
I remember standing in the hood
Tellin' my partner, and my momma, everything gonna be all good
Nigga we made it! Damn, I'm up in Las Vegas
Damn, I never was supposed to have shit, now my life is lavish
Every night, fuckin' a bad bitch, nigga we made it!
Coppin' a Lambo, cash, the Bentley, 2 times I crashed
Ha, nigga we made it!
Look at them niggas' faces, them niggas, they hate it
I look a nigga in his face and say "Nigga we made it!"
Soulja Boy stunt on them haters
And these days I don't need no favors
Nigga we made it!