Intro:

Oh, oh hell yeah
(*police sirens, car screeches*)
(Alright we don't want any problems here. Y'all just break it up) Five-0
(Just, just) Say what? (go on home)
(We don't wanna take anybody in. We don't wanna give any citations
I ain't goin nowhere, I ain't goin nowhere
(Ahh, just, ahh, go on home and turn down that music)
Fuck that we havin fun (Turn, I want the music turned off)
Ain't nobody doin nuttin, ain't nobody doin nuttin (right now!)

Verse 1: Treach

From stank booties wit cooties
The finest head is hoochie's
Bunta, change your name from Kunta
Still wouldn't do that shit that you say, who play
With that hoopla hooray, who say? What? Who try?
You lie where you try you want ta see your whole damn crew fry
The moral of the story, niggas handling it
Crooked cops wanna run us out but we ain't abandoning shit
Cos we from 1-1-8 wit a slum of crazy
Niggas wit sawn offs, tre-8's, plus nine millimetres WAIT!
You don't wanna start a riot
Cos they won't jack shit, get quiet til half the fucking force is fired
Done em boys now dem unemployed
See them on Orange Street looking ta get broke fiending in dope, looking to
Get corduroy
Boy the son of Tory, a tray hot hole
She play that model like a throttle to waddle a bottle
Stop that crooked cop shit is the topic
We're coming, fuck a summons, so long as Illtown rocks it, you can't stop
It

Chorus:

Now who's these motherfuckers in our neighbourhood?
Just pound the sound don't worry now cos they found Illtown
Now who's these motherfuckers in our neighbourhood?
Just pound the sound, don't worry now, don't worry now!

Interlude:

(This is car number 5-0
We have no control over the situation
We are now dispersing
We advise the Mayor be moved immediately
My God, at least 1500 people are marching straight for City Hall)

Verse 2: Treach

To bad if you're agile, knee check fragile, eject, reject
What's left of your respect? A bag of shit, did you see yet?
I'll G it like Viet-nam bomb, so be it
Even freak it from the deepest ta weakest, even beat walkers beat it
Body breaker from the bricks bank and booty bumper who knew boo
Hoo, scary like voodoo, strictly Illtown and Zoo crew
The party can't quit it's been plan, bought cop's hunt and man's sport
They scam sports while Illtown and Newark stand fort
We don't wrestle and fools don't disrespect us
They don't want ta get pulled inside-out from their assholes and lassoed
We just break down and boogie oogie oogie
A shoutout ta Ski, Steve Pedro, Gutta and Mookie
We're on a mission to keep pou people hoppin and hippin instead of trippin
Even if the city won't give us permission
Listen now, party's mo' butter now, better not fuck around and try ta shut
Us down
We'll find out who run this town

Chorus:

Now who's these motherfuckers in our neighbourhood?
Just pound the sound, don't worry cos they found Illtown
Now who's these motherfuckers in our neighbourhood?
Just pound the sound, pound the sound!

Verse 3: Treach

The sound, the sound, I found the sound, a pound around
Around a pound of pound of some shit quick ta break it down
Because the boom-ta-bat-boom-boom makes me want to zoom zoom
In ya poom poom, break fool across the room soon
As we zoom pass one tellin me chillin's a felony
Jokers play like poker, now out comes the jealousy
Apparently I am politically overpowered, they can't touch this
We'll party no quest', protest show just the slums corruptest
So pump this, bump this, pump this if you want this
But funk that, funk them, funk this if they front wit
That same ol jibber jabber yap flapping groupie crew
Etcetera etcetera, ya gotta move the same ol woopty woo
You ain't even gotta fill me in, ya better me kill then
Cos we straight holdin fort like them Indians
You talk that I'll lock you up for loitering
You'll hit the border then, then you won't be ploicin you'll be borderin

Chorus:

Now who's these motherfuckers in our neighbourhood?
Just pound the sound, don't worry now cos they found Illtown
Now who's these motherfuckers in our neighbourhood?
Just pound the sound, don't worry now, don't worry now
Now who's these motherfuckers in our neighbourhood?
Just pound the sound, don't worry now cos they found Illtown
Now who's these motherfuckers in our neighbourhood?
Just pound the sound, pound the sound