{ Verse 1: Nate Dogg}
When I met you last night baby. Before you opened up your gap. I had respect for you lady, but now I take it all back. Cause you gave me all your pussy, and you even licked my balls. Leave your number on the cabinet, and I promise baby I'll give you a call. Next time I'm feeling kind of horny. You can come on over, and I'll break you off. And if you can't Fuck that say baby, just lay back and open your mouth. Cause I have never met a girl. That I love in the whole wide world

{ Verse 2: Kurupt}
Well If Kurupt gave a Fuck about a bitch, I'de always be broke. I never have no MuthaFuckin endo the smoke, I gets loc'ed and loony bitch you can't do me. Do we look like BBD, you hoochie groupie. I have no love for ho's. That's something I learned in the pound, so how the Fuck am I suppose to pay this ho, just to lay this ho. I know the pussy's mines, Imma Fuck a couple more times. And then I'm through with it. There's nothing else to do with it. Pass it to the homie, now you hit it. Cause she ain't nothing but a bitch to me, and ya'll know that bitches ain't shit to me. I gives a Fuck. Why don't ya'll pay attention, approach her with a different proposition. I'm Kurupt ho, you'll never be my only one

{ Hook ( 4x )}
It Ain't No Fun, If the homies can't have none

{ Verse 3: Snoop Dogg}
Guess who's back in the MuthaFuckin house, with a fat dick for your MuthaFuckin mouth. Ho's recognize, niggas do to cause when bitches get scandalous and pull a voodoo. What you gon' do? You really don't know, so I'd advised you not to trust that ho. Silly of me to fall in love with a bitch. Knowing damn well I'm too caught up with my grip, now as the sun rotates and my game grow ups bigger. How many bitches wanna Fuck this nigga named Snoop Doggy I'm all the above I'm too swift on my toe's to get caught up with you ho's. But see It's ain't no fun, I'm my homies can't get a taste of it, cause you know I don't love it

{ Verse 4: Warren G}
See Kurupt don't give a Fuck, Snoop don't give a Fuck so guess I'll just say that I don't give a Fuck. Because bitches ain't shit, but they seem kind of funny when you getting to the rap game and you making money. But back up bitch because I'm struggling, just get on your knees and then start juggling. These MuthaFuckin nuts in your mouth. It's me Warren G the nigga with the clout