[Chorus]
I get high
I liked to know if you want to get fucked up
I’m going to do what the fuck I want to. I don’t know why…
I’d like to know if you want to get fucked up
All I really want to do is stay true. I get high
I’d like to know if you want to get fucked up
I’m going to do what the fuck I want to. I don’t know why…
I’d like to know if you want to get fucked up
All I really want to do is stay true. I get high

[Verse 1]
The top is old to me. All I’m looking for now is the surface to resurface hood bound
The bottoms old to me. All I'm thinking about now is climbing back up midway level out the car is old to me
The starts is old to me. This shits old to me. The grips old to me. They say Gotti, you bust grown folks shit
I'm going to drip and set all my diplomats up they can show the whole world Gotti Barak Obama sick
I'm more than the average.I'm savage sit. Niggas done broke a lot of branches, twigs and stems
Me and Das we put together army brigades. Train niggas like silverines green burraes. I'm more like the phantom
In and out your hood like phantom in the Phantom. Picture that bitch like candid camera. Nigga this my life. Banging on bustas
Imma bang on these niggas. Pull their eater out and let em feel a nigga. Im gonna keep banging on on bustas
Fucking round with the hoes. Doing everything I supposed to. Nigga keep banging on these bustas
Leave when I want to leave. Cause niggas always got something up their sleeve
And what?
And they usually begin with a bitch but I'mma jump the bitch out and find a nigga to chip

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
Nigga, I pour the kit quarter pound mix it up, grind it down - Let me show you how to grind now a days
Shit done changed. But Imma put you up on a legalized dope game. Don't take my word for it. Nigga ask Dr. Dre
It's so many different ways to get paid in the vague nigga. Keep bustas out your circle. Passion purple
That Memphis is true to half purple so through. I'm just a beast loose in the scrorce. Trips of vibe push force
I push a ton of at least. Think our lives rely on it. Twoiling and turning on em. Money like serving gas of sherm oil by the clump
To see what I might find break niggas. Wake niggas. Make niggas Evacuate their own shit like bush to bush my pipeline
Imma ride high. Real niggas suppose to ride banging on bustas. Imma bang on these niggas
Tore their eater out let em feel a nigga. Imma keep banging on bustas, Fuck around with the hoes
Doing everything I'm supposed to. Nigga keep banging on bustas. Leave when I want to leave
Cause niggas always got something up their sleeve
And what?
And it usually begin with a bitch but Imma jump the bitch out and find a nigga to chip. That's why...

[Chorus]

[Bridge]
I liked to know if you want to get fucked up
I liked to know if you want to get fucked up
I liked to know if you want to get fucked up
I liked to know if you want to get fucked up


[Outro]
Reprise… Skit…
Mutha fuck that man. Where my shit. Fuck that man!
I’ll take my car. Come on
Fuck that. We fittin to let these niggas know
Just pull up. Just pull up…
Get your shit ready nigga
(Clocks gun)
These niggas right here?
YUP! That’s them niggas right there
Get ready. I’m fittin to let these niggas…. Yeah nigga. What’s up punk!
(Guns blast, screams and sirens)
Police radio: Twelve Adam 63. Officer needs assistance. Possible 187 in the corner of Krenshaw and