[Intro]
This is ridiculous, man, you know
I told—hey, this that sober flow, yo
This that shit, man, that just make you sit and say "Damn...Kurupt!"
Hey, enjoy yourself
This is a party, and it's in the West Coast!
That's the shocker, right?
Hey, look, I ain't gonna tell you again
Hahaha, look...

[Verse]
Born and bred it, I stay breaded
Let it be, spin it on the needles, inject it
Intravenous, affect them like Lennon in The Beatles Project it like projectiles in loaded weapons
Like my mind's my Gatling gun
I inject the mike, I consider it a favor if you save it
The bullshit, I stay churching in the pulpit
Akhi watch me like white folks watch hockey
I'm in Hawaii sipping sake with Chris and Maki
Talking bout stocks and bonds, and cheddar and broccoli
Famous? i'd rather be broke
With nothing to lose, under the radar
Hoping to be like these niggas I see on TV
I got dollars, fuck the fame, I learnt the game from Eazy
The rhetoric, we get rid of it, I consider it
A great compliment to see you imitate the West and shit
It shows me just what the West did
And plus the fact that I was involved in it, we evolved
And it's a great day for Californ-I-A
I love the new New York anthem, I fucks with Jay
But now it's time for mines
No disrespect for anybody in mine
Sip a little champ', heavyweight champ
Modern day vamp-pire, I'm a live wire
Gotti esquire, empire lava lop fire
Don't try us, we 'pires, call the quagmire
Intelligence’s always been underrated
Kurupt, he's always been underrated
Underrated, never faded, ain't afraid to say it
I call your name out, bitch nigga, I ain't afraid to say it
I don't use the regular slang that I used to
And this type of honesty you ain't used to
And this type of nigga winning I ain't used to
But I guess it's something that I gotta get used to
Gotta listen to it even when I refuse to
I don't sell a lot of records 'cause people don't like me
I ain't mad at them 'cause I don't like me neither
Either way, I'mma keep breathing, receiving these blessings
Heaven-bound, a hell hound retrieving these lessons
Murder sessions, aggressions
Some sections, the essence, effervescence, progression
Every second's a lesson
I progress every second, always making my quota
I done had so many cars I feel like General Motors  And now I got a house the same size as Pomona Want some prolific vocals? Then tell your local promoter
This Gotti!

[Outro: Terrace Martin]
What's happening, y'all? It's Terrence Martin and Kurupt
Well actually, it's Kurupt and Terrence Martin
So, I guess they call these things...
These first presentations on an album the intro
I’m gonna call it the beginning of the moment of truth, ya dig?
'Cause the truth will set you free
And Streetlights will set you free too
Don't run from it...