[DJ Quik]
Awwwwwwww yes, you're the star
I've got you on my radar
I've got have you in bed
You are the cutest one here I said
And all these guys in here are just jealous
Lookin' at me like they like fellas
I don't give a fuck about none of y'all
I'm stabbin' you all with six lead balls
That's all it take
Leave no shells at the scene of the hate crime
Take my 9 and *gunshots*
Bitch, have you flappin' all around like a goldfish
Where's your bowl? Where's your soul?
You said one too many things, nigga, let's go
Your mouth wrote a check that your ass can't cash
So you got a 40 caliber rash (rash)
And I got your girl and smashed (smashed)
I took her to the city and bashed (bashed)
She had to be a beauty in the past (past)
I treat her like she has a little class (class)
I promise I won't cum too fast (fast)
She wanna put my name on her ass
ASSSSSSSSS... awwwww yes, I smoke a lot of weed
Get paranoid then I grab my heat
I'd rather keep the thumper on me
No thank you, I'm not lonely
I don't need a date
I don't want a girl who like to get scraped
Real thick hoe in this fool; take that mini-skirt off
Get tested, call your momma, go back to school
You'll thank me later
Your boyfriend's a fuckin' hater
I live in Hollywood
He's older than me and can't leave the hood
I make music you can laugh to
Radio playlist 'cause they have to
Awwwwwwww yes, bang Internet
Blog with a nigga, let's get it wet
Type that shit like you're a vet
You ain't nothin' but a derelect
Flirtin' with little boys under 14 years
While you out here with a Gerald Levert beard
Awwwwwww, I'm not rich, I'm barely here
I've had a pretty much fucked up year
Haven't been back since I left the Matrix
Upside down in my taxes and wages
So before you go and turn the page
I'ma come back to smash the bird cage
Awwwwwwww yes, I'm fancy free
Suckers hate that whole thing about me
How can I fall off if the bull ain't even movin'
Keep it groovin'
Quik's the shit, no need to prove it
Sex drive so good, she's Fahrvergnügen
Awwwwwww I don't talk about swag
What is it? A blizzard?
Can you thizz it? Can you diss it?
This character, you miss it?
Miss America, you visit?
Did you get on the boat without a ticket?
Me too, let's kick it!
Alright that's it, the party's over
I am Jupiter's critic with the mind of Mars
Bitch, you need sun sheet gold wrapped stars
To the present and don't look back
The past don't owe you jack, shit
We are leaving and that's it
I Kurupted y'all just that Quik