[Snoop]
Now I be mobbing like a motherfucker every single day
Making funky shit with my nigga Dr. Dre
The niggas who talk shit get put on they back
By my nigga named Suge and his black for black
Now check facts for a second, I'm checking my record's dope
It's Snoop, he goes for broke, so what's up, Loc?
You wanna provoke, try to step, break your neck real quick
Real fast, blast, I'll outlast and shoot ya, take your cash
As I dash with the homies from the Dub
Now as we fly through the sky getting love
We how high, real high, how high, I'm higher than you
So whatchu wanna do, whatchu wanna do?

[Interlude: Snoop]
Ha ha, yeah, and you don't stop
And you don't stop
This ain't nothing but a motherfucking freestyle worth your while
(This is for the Dogg Pound, this Daz, the nigga of all niggas!)

[Snoop]
Check it out
Bow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay
The Dogg Pound's in the motherfuckin' house
C'mon, bow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay
The Dogg Pound's in the motherfuckin' house
Ayo stepping through the front door, stealing the show
It's the youngest motherfucker on the hood Death Row
He's called Daz, stepping on your ass
Making big cash, time to move real fast, blast
Check it out, next in line
Is the diggy diggy DOC dropping funky classical rhymes
That shit that just don't hit
Snoop Dogg and Dre, dropping funky manuscripts
My lip hits the microphone
Breaks you, shakes you, takes you, awakes you
Kurupt the Kingpin of killing is straight chillin'
Step into the house and start revealing your skills
Chill, do you need the microphone
Or do you need some help to drop some shit like stones?
Al Capone was a hero of mine
I shot plenty niggas and cops so fuck one-time
I'm, the irrelevant, intelligent
Brother from the hood that they call Long Beach
Eastside where the brothers ride, slide
Slippidy slide, the Eastside's got pride
Here we go, stole the show as I flow
I gots to give the microphone to my homie on the Row
His name's Kurupt, he fucks it up
On Crenshaw and Slauson, so commence to flossing

[Kurupt]
When I step I come straight from the under
Lyrical rhymes will flex, but yo, here's my cover
Kingpin, murderer, etcetera, I flex
When I flow I let 'em know that I'm quick to snap necks
Check me out, one two, don't disrespect (Boom)
The way I flow I go and show you'll get chin checked
And if you ever feel you got the wrath, what can you say?
Spray the AK, produced by Dr. Dre
My niggy niggy nigga by the name of D.O.C
My homie Snoop Dogg and Daz is next to me
The D-A to the Z, the D-R to the E
And when we like to flex down with the S-H-U-G
I break 'em off when I flow I go and now they know
The Row will kill with skills, I'm real for real
And caps I peel from my steel
So nigga, you figure that you're bigger, and pass
I'll whip your ass, it's a classical rhyme from Daz

[Daz]
Yo, I bust through the hood, I bust through the fog
My nigga D-O-G, um, Doggy Dogg, but if they play
But if they wanted to say "Pow Pow!" goes another
Hit from my um nigga Dr. Dre
The Chronic, which they get up on it
As the niggas be saying that it's ahhhhhh, bionic
But I'm trying to go as I play and then I say
Never underestimate the nigga Dr. Dre... (fades out)