[Intro: Bishop Don Magic Juan]
Oh, what a great day!
The reuniting of Tha Dogg Pound!
Oh, it has come together, it's time
Everybody waited, everybody knew it was going to happen
But now the Archbishop Don Magic Juan has christened it
I have prayed, I bowed and asked the Lord:
Bring California together!

[Verse 1: Kurupt]
Give me a - piece of mind, a nickel, a nine
Somethin' to chip a nigga from ankle to spine
We mobbin' niggas, if they try to bring up the past
Unless they talkin' 'bout '95 Kurupt and Daz
Unless they talk about '92, 3, or 4
We shatterin' motherfuckers like car windows
Did you know we was back? Back in the 'Lac
Tossin' sacks back and forth like a quarterback, jack
Bitches eat dicks like pickles
If I'ma go out, I'm goin' out like Brian Nichols
I'm sick of the games, nigga, I'm sick and deranged
Poppin' that bullshit will get you hit with them thangs
I'm sick with them thangs, I ain't got no patience left
Without a pistol, light niggas like crystal meth
You thought niggas was a joke 'cause of the liqour and smoke?
Quicker to knock niggas, sicker than leukemia, loc

[Chorus: Kurupt]
Push bacc, ride to the fullest
Dogg Pound tossin' bullets, ride to the fullest
Kurupt and Dat Nigga D-A to the motherfuckin' Z
D.P. motherfuckin' G.C
I'm just too much, Snoop too much, Soopafly too much
Grip the heater, dump, bust
Big Nate too much, what you talkin' 'bout?
Nothin' but them riders with automatics, we shut 'em down
Dogg Pound

[Verse 2: Daz Dillinger]
Who want it like never before?
You know the bullshit stop when we walk through the door
Malicious and viscous, I'm dishin' out the slugs that be spittin'
You know me and my nigga Young Gotti, yeah, we back on a mission
We ridin' with somethin' fully automatic, lettin' them niggas have it
Boom-boom motherfucker, you ain't the fuckin' baddest
Nobody, Daz Dillinger, my nigga Young Gotti
12-gauge shotty shootin' up the party
Dilly illy, beat a nigga with a billy club
Yeah I'm gangsta nigga, I represent for the thugs
'Cause I get sick when I lose it, check out the way I abuse it
Daz and Kurupt, Kurupt and Daz, yeah, that gangsta music
Cruisin' in the fastlane, stupid, dumb, and insane
Yeah them D.P.G. niggas, we back with the gang
Yeah, Daz and Kurupt, Kurupt and Daz is back
Motherfucker, so lay down flat (blaow! blaow!)
It's like that, sicker where I come from
Dogg Pound Gangstas, nigga, you don't want none

[Chorus: Kurupt]
Push back, ride to the fullest
Dogg Pound tossin' bullets, ride to the fullest
Kurupt and Dat Nigga D-A to the motherfuckin' Z
D.P. motherfuckin' G.C
I'm just too much, Snoop too much, Soopafly too much
Grip the heater, dump, bust
Big Nate too much, what you talkin' 'bout?
Nothin' but them riders with automatics, we shut 'em down
Dogg Pound

[Interlude: Daz Dillinger]
Yeah! You know the Dogg Pound is back up in this motherfucker
Doin' what the fuck we know what we supposed to, nigga
Blaze up the motherfuckin' weed!

[Verse 3: Daz & Kurupt]
I inhale the smoke, blow i,t out, nigga, keep puffin'
Enough ain't enough, nigga so keep on bustin'
What the fuck's wrong with you niggas, bustas
That's why we don't get along with you niggas, motherfucker
I park the 'Lac by the curb, my D's shinin'
Re-designin' my format, you already know that
Blast back, blaze a sack, tell me what you lookin' at
L.T. dropped the beat, me and D-A-Z complete
We serious and furious when we on the trigger
Them Dogg Pound niggas they keeps nine millimeters
What the fuck you thought it was, we in to carmelitas
We never leave the house without indica and heaters
'Cause we can't hold back, niggas just know that
Low like LoJack in Dogg Pound throwbacks
Ride... to the motherfuckin' fullest
Dogg Pound Gangstas ridin' and tossin' bullets

[Chorus: Kurupt]
Push bacc, ride to the fullest
Dogg Pound tossin' bullets, ride to the fullest
Kurupt and Dat Nigga D-A to the motherfuckin' Z
D.P. motherfuckin' G.C
I'm just too much, Snoop too much, Soopafly too much
Grip the heater, dump, bust
Big Nate too much, what you talkin' 'bout?
Nothin' but them riders with automatics, we shut 'em down
Dogg Pound