[Chorus: Snoop Dogg]
Da da da da da
It's the one and only D-O-double-G (Snoop Dogg!)
Da da da da da
You know I'm mobbin' with the D.R.E

[Bridge: Kurupt]
Yeah, yeah, yeah
You know the west coast is back for all you suckers! (What, what, what, what?)
So put somethin' in here! (Blaze it up, blaze it up!)
Put it in here! Yeah, 'sup Snoop?

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg]
Top Dogg, bite 'em all, yeah, I'm burnin' it up
D-P-G-C, you should be turnin' it up
C-P-T, L-B-C, yeah, we hookin' back up
And when they bang this in the club, baby, you got to get up

Cuss homies, thug homies, yeah, they givin' it up
Lowlife, yo' life, boy we livin' it up
Takin' chances while we dancin' in the party fo' sho'
Slip my girl a 44 and she crip in the back do'

Chick is lookin' at me strange, but you know I don't care
Step up in this motha, just a-swangin' my hair
Trick quit talkin', crip-walk if you down with the set
Take a bullet with some grip and take this smoke on this jet

Out o' town, put it down for the Father of Rap
And if you happen to get cracked, trick shut your trap
Come back, get back, that's the part of success
If you believe in the S, you'll be relievin' your stress

[Chorus: Dr. DRE]
Da da da da da
It's the one and only D.R.E. (Dr. Dre, lil' bust!)
Da da da da da
You know I'm mobbin' with the D-O-double-G

[Verse 2: Dr. DRE]
Straight off them killer streets of C-P-T
King of the beats - you ride to 'em in your Fleet- (Fleetwood!)
Wood Coupe DeVille rollin' on dubs
How you feel - whoopty-whoop, what?

Dre and Snoop hittin' corners in the 'llac (In the 'llac!)
With Doc in the back, sippin' on 'gnac
Clippin' all the apts, dippin' through 'hoods (What 'hoods?)
Compton, Long Beach, Inglewood!

South Central out to the Westside (Westside)
It's California Love, this California bud got your boy a gang o' pub
I'm on one, I might bail up in the Century Club
With my jeans on and my team strong

Get my drink on and my smoke on
Then go home wit' somethin' to poke on (Wha'sup Dre?)
Loc', it's on for the two-triple-oh
Comin' real, it's the next episode

[Outro: Nate Dogg]
Hold up, wait
For my -- who be thinkin' we soft
We don't play
We gon' rock it till the wheels fall off
Hold up, wait
For my -- who be actin' too bold
Take a seat
Hope you ready for the next episode-
Hey... smoke everyday