[Intro: Kurupt]
This is lovely
We live baby
West Coast, the sun always shine
Don't You wish you was livin' here punk?
I can't help but talk about where I'm from
Naah mean mane? Yeaah Real G'd up
Bitch, look

[Verse 1: Kurupt]
Look see me and my nigga Marv we cause a mess
Bare arms and dump niggas out for the west
Have you ever seen two niggas so low key?
?? I'm so OG
Words get spit and spoken
Live from San Fran, LA to Oakland
San Jose to SAC
San Diego stompin' the woods of Compton
I'm just to viscious [?]
[?]On a four degree angle
Grab the nickel and split niggas in half like mango
I spit a verse and let the nine burst

[Hook: Kurupt]
And I'm a let these busters know like is this crip(x3)
And if you didn't hear the first time let me rewind
Crip, Crip dippin' on twist
[Messy Marv]
And I'm a let these busters know like Is this blood?
And If you didn't hear me the first time let me rewind
Blood, blood don't get fucked up

[Verse 2: Messy Marv]
There should be a law against wearing so much red
I'm in the ghetto getting money like nigga fuck the feds
Them blue boys be like what up cousin?
Shit it's all good homie, whats buzzin, buzzin?
And it ain't where you at lil' nigga, it's where you from
Blood like brother cause niggas die young
I rock so much ice a nigga neck be hurtin'
They wanna give a nigga life for the tatt on my neck
It's 415 for certain
But i fuck with the crips man and that's on the set
I do the red cranberry with the stoli vodka
On some other shit like nigga, you know me partner?

[Hook: Kurupt]
And I'm a let these busters know like is this crip(x3)
And if you didn't hear the first time let me rewind
Crip, Crip dippin on twist
[Messy Marv]
And I'mma let these busters know like Is this blood?
And If you didn't hear me the first time let me rewind
Blood, blood don't get fucked up

[Verse 3:Kurupt]
There's still nothin you can do to hurt me
I got bitches from New Orleans all the way to Berkley
Let's fly purple codeine in me getting me high
I'm a mechanical monster shermed and fried
West Ride

These niggas die when we ride by
Motherfuckers get to business when these teflons fly
I stop knockin' with the mac and let the K roll by
Leave lil homie what up? I'm livin the life
Red bone on the scrape [?] on my dash
Dawg blood nigga one of the last
Still niggas [?] without no mask
[?] see niggas to get more cash ...West Ride

[Hook: Kurupt]
And I'm a let these busters know like is this crip(x3)
And if you didn't hear the first time let me rewind
Crip, Crip dippin' on twist
[Messy Marv]
And I'mma let these busters know like Is this blood?
And If you didn't hear me the first time let me rewind
Blood, blood don't get fucked up

[Outro: Messy Marv]
What it do man
B's up C's up
Nigga this is a national anthem homeboy
So stand the fuck up
Know what I'm talkin about?
This song is dedicated to Stanley Tookie Williams man
We movin nation homeboy
Let's tell these Africans what this blood and this crip really mean man
What it really stand for, you know what I'm talkin about?
Motherfuckers who die over these colors
That go to show you they don't give a fuck... about...us, know what i mean?
So this is dedicated to us man, stand up
Can't fuck with LA nigga holla at ya boy
I wanna give a special shout out to Cypress Hill
The West wouldn't be nothin without Mexicans man
Brown pride
Black and brown baby, forever
For a life time, West gonna ride
I'll holla