[Into: Lil Uzi Vert]
Ha, yeah
Fuck boy, bitch
Ain't never had to do shit (Oh lord!)
But live luxury your whole life
Fuck nigga

[Verse 1: Lil Uzi Vert]
What the fuck you done did (fuck you done did)
I got your main bitch all up in my bed (Goddamn)
Fuck nigga
Oh yeah, she up in my bed
You want her back? Well, after 5
Cause that bitch be giving me head, fuck boy
Lil' Boosie ass fade, you ain't got no wave ass boy
Still in the Yu-Gi-Oh trade ass boy (Weirdo!)
You would probably catch them all, say it, ass boy (You would)
You got what? A switch blade ass boy? (Faggot)
We got choppers, we got big gun ass boy (Big gun, gun)
Forest, Forest, Forest, don't run ass boy (Don't run!)
You ain't even from the slum ass boy
(I ain't never seen you in my hood)
We got money, I'm dancing
Counting a million and one ass boy
Niggas talk like I ain't from north Philly
Wanna go to war with me
You and yo bitches and y'all both drop and give a nigga 50 (Pause, wait get it? I gave him 50 to the back)
Well, it don't even matter
Yeah I'm in the trap ho (Trap! Trap!)
Eatin' on the chink platter (damn)
I'm tripping, but I ain't falling (No fall)
Where yo money? Pull out some cash, fuck
Nigga stop stalling (Stop stalling!)
We out here ho, swear to god that we balling
But I ain't talking Spalding
(Well, I know you heard that line too many times)
Yeah, I'm on, dumbass boy (Dumbass boy)
I won, ass boy (Winning! Winning!)
Oh you want some, ass boy?
Look at him, look at him tryna be like me, he my son ass boy
I go stupid ass boy, got your girl in love with me
Call me Cupid ass boy (love me)
I'm ruthless ass boy (I'm crazy as shit)
Your girl she love suckin' me, like she toothless ass boy
And I ain't even done (I'm sexy as shit!)
Nope, what up Bud, what up Donald, what up Cannon
Nigga from the north
But, sound like,  young nigga from the south (Trap! Trap!)
Won't play my songs, then OG
Keep my name out your mouth (Real shit)
You can't duck and dodge a hip-hop conversation without
Lil Uzi, Lil Uzi, Lil Uzi, swear to god industry be the groupie
They ain't groupies, a lot of niggas be haters
Sleep on me now, but don't try and win with me later (Winning!)
Cause I take yo girl, take yo fans
Shoot yo club up, and I kill yo mans
I'm different with it, and I do sip lean
I don't smoke no weed, I don't smoke no green
I'm always off that promethazine (Water)
I love codeine, I rap in a dream
They say how you flow like that?
Jock off my steez
I got a Tec muthafucker, shit hold about 53
That's a awkward number, got a awkward stance
Countin' money, that's the money dance, but
If I let go of this 53, damn, that's a awkward man

[Outro: Lil uzi Vert]
And for you dumb mutherfuckers
When I said when I let go of this 53 I said it was 53 bullets in the Tec and that shit is a awkward ass number and I put 53 in him now he awkward cause I shot a--
Man, you get that shit
Y'all dumbass motherfuckers, Lil Uzi, let's get it