[Intro]
808 my crew!

[Verse 1: G Herbo]
Hit the scene, so fresh, so motherfuckin' clean
And my car so fast, it's leaving everything
I love you so momma, and thank you for everything
And you know momma, I was doing everything
Using guns, ecstasy, I'm on extra lean
In the hood I'm selling molly, raw, everything
Heroin, we crushing Tylenol, everything, weed, soft, everything
Hit the mall, 50 G's, and I ball, everything
Plug just like Tom Brady, boy, I caught everything
My Uncle a gangster, I'm the one he taught everything
You can't be my lady, sneaky bitch, I saw everything

[Chorus: G Herbo]
"Herbo, what you do for fun?" Bitch, everything
"What you gon' do with that gun?" Bitch, everything
"What kind of drugs you wanna run?" Bitch, everything
"If you die what you gone leave your mom?" Bitch, everything

[Verse 2: G Herbo]
Everything on you phony
Niggas lie 'bout everything, put it on they homies
Hating ass nigga, you want everything on me
Swervo saucy, everything got double G's, don't it
Italian beef with everything, extra cheese on it
I done iced out everything, them VVS on it
I done tried everything, except coke and dope
I done fired everything, .40's blow the most
Seen dead bodies, everything, so I drove the Ghost
Told that bitch take off everything, I ain't need clothes
Took everything in me not to close your fuckin' door
Barney's on me, everything, everything boss
Everything exhaust

[Chorus: G Herbo]
"Herbo, what you do for fun?" Bitch, everything
"What you gon' do with that gun?" Bitch, everything
"What kind of drugs you wanna run?" Bitch, everything
"If you die what you gone leave your mom?" Bitch, everything

[Verse 3: Lil Uzi Vert]
Yuh, everything
My new whip, that bitch, it came with everything
I'ma turn that boy into a heavy stain
Whipping up that dope, yeah, that's that heavy cream
I been fucking on your bitch since I was 17
Even though my Glock hold 30, this a 17
Chop it up, whole thing from the Medellín
My old gun, that shit was dirty but I kept it clean
Mask off, remember me
Extra button on the back cause my uzi a lemon squeeze
Gucci, Louis, Fendi, Prada, swag swag swag, that's my disease
Fuck her once, I gotta leave, smoking dope, I'm Japanese
Fucked her in the master suite, I ball like an athlete

[Chorus: G Herbo]
"Herbo, what you do for fun?" Bitch, everything
"What you gon' do with that gun?" Bitch, everything
"What kind of drugs you wanna run?" Bitch, everything
"If you die what you gone leave your mom?" Bitch, everything