[Intro]
That be Maaly Raw (yah!)

[Chorus]
Wake up every day, know that I am blessed, yah (yah!)
Countin' up my cake, gettin' all them checks, yah
Pull up in a Wraith, I'm just tryna flex, yah (skrr!)
Why you wanna hate? (Why?) You do it the best (yah!)
I'm a high roller, yah (what?)
You know I'm a high roller, yah (yah!)
You know I'm a high roller, yah (yah!)
You know I'm a high roller, yah (huh?) (yah!)

[Verse 1]
Drive it like I stole it (skrr, skrr!)
Double park it, bitch, you better not tow it (don't touch my shit!)
Yah, yah, please show me, um, my opponent (yah!)
I said please show me, um, my opponent, yah, uh
I'm so young, I could fuck on your niece (yah!)
Ooh, walk on your knees (huh?)
Drive that car and that bitch ain't no lease (skrr!)
Ooh, I am a beast (yah!)
Look at my pockets, they so obese (damn!)
Yah, they so obese
I eat up and I just had a feast (yah!) (vroom!)
Yah, Yeezy my feet (woo!)
I put Louie V, Don C my wrists (woo!)
Ferragamo, that's all on my wrist (woo!)
I know that girl can really suck dick (yah!)
'Cause she talk to me right with a lisp (yah!)
I pour lean up, right, that's so crisp (yah!)
Yah, um, she suck like a tick (yah!)
I got paper, nigga, and you know it (huh?)
I swear to God, I really can't miss (what?)
I make hits, yeah, I really can't miss (what?)
Even if I miss, that shit a hit (yah!)
Stack my money then watch as it flip (yah!)
Spend my money then do it again (yah!)
Yah, woo, I swear, that girl, she a ten (huh?)
Yah, keep her around, I swear, that girl, she a gem
Yah, before I was on, yah, fucked on the twins (yah!)
Yah, before I was on, yah, fucked on the twins
Yah, Raf Simons, Rick Owens, little Phillip Lim
Yah, she said she ain't want me so I fucked her friend (yah!)
Yah, open up my mouth, white diamonds when I grin (yah!)
Yah, I am not from this Earth like Invader Zim (what?)
Yah, nowadays, I am on everybody kin (yah!)
Yah, walk around wit' my Barbie like I am Ken (yah!)
Yah, everyday adventure time, feelin' like I’m Finn
Yah, I might just put some diamonds all on my wrist (wow!)
Yah, every bitch in my face, don't give 'em kiss
Yah, boy, you hate 'cause you can't live your life like this (yah, yah!)

[Chorus]
Wake up every day, know that I am blessed
Counting up my cake, getting all them checks
Pull up in a Wraith, I'm just trying to flex
Why you want to hate, you do it the best
I'm a high roller
You know I'm a high roller
You know I'm a high roller
You know I'm a high roller

[Verse 2]
I swear to God she a ten
Keep her around I swear that girl she a gem
Before I was on, fucked on the twins
Before I was on, fucked on the twins
Raf Simons, Rick Owens, little Phillip Lim
She said she ain't want me so I fucked her friend
Open up my mouth white diamonds when I grin
Goyard bags cost more than your rent
Goyard wallet cost more than your Gucci
Put my baby girl in Ferrari Moncler she bougie
Boy I'm cool everybody know you a shoobie
Nowadays I can't even go to the movies
Mood swing, mood swing girl you gon' lose me
Mood swing, mood swing girl you gon' lose me
Same thing over and over girl you can't fool me
Same thing over and over girl you can't fool me

[Chorus]
Wake up every day, know that I am blessed
Counting up my cake, getting all them checks
Pull up in a Wraith, I'm just trying to flex
Why you want to hate, you do it the best
I'm a high roller
You know I'm a high roller
You know I'm a high roller
You know I'm a high roller