[Hook]
Cruel world, all I'm seeing is darkness
Cruel, cruel world, all I'm seeing is darkness
Cruel world, all I'm seeing is darkness
Cruel, cruel world, all I'm seeing is darkness
Cruel world, all I'm seeing is darkness
Cruel, cruel world, all I'm seeing is darkness

[Bridge]
How 'bout you? How 'bout you? I'm seeing things clear now, how 'bout you?
How 'bout you? How 'bout you? I'm seeing things clear now, how 'bout you?
How 'bout you? How 'bout you? I'm finally seeing things from a clear-eyed view
How 'bout you? How 'bout you? I'm seeing things clear now, how 'bout you?

[Verse 1]
This life is like a mystery, look how the world's sent to me
Today I'm in the industry, next I'm ended--history
Physically won't allow it, my mental is not a coward
Still thoughts are devoured worried 'bout if now's the hour
Getting showered in this bad news, bombings and capped schools
Need capsules for my brain's strain that's the pads route
I express this stress that infests my chest, it's best
The next step is a rope as necklace
That's suicide aside, I got pride in mind
And a pretty bright future, guess it's time to grind
My shine getting impressive, though I'm still selective
With who I let give me hard times and who I let live
This world is full of mischief, and bodies trying slick tricks
Moving thick bricks is not the only way to get rich
You gotta learn to think or you'll fail
Then there goes another statistic dead or in jail
Let's prevail

[Bridge] + [Hook]

[Verse 2]
Simply an old soul, villain 'illin' killin' with these flows
Know I can blow impose and you're gonna get disposed
Exposed those who pose, living hopeless no hope
For those jokes, still I try to hold they nose so
Sorrow won't drown him, crowds will never clown him
A lot of these laws open jaws when you're brown-skin
A cap to your chest, in your complex cause honest
Your conscious said the guy following you has lost it
Your aunt just got 20 years it ain't fair
Cause she pulled a gun out but she shot it in the air
Let's prepare for all sorts of courses life offers
Think before you walk this land of cold forces
They want us on porches, they want us to forfeit
Luckily we ignored it and still found of all this
Wonderful life and light too
I got a clear view, but how about you?

[Bridge] + [Hook]