[Verse 1: Iggy Azalea]
First things first, I'm the realest (realest)
Drop this and let the whole world feel it (let 'em feel it)
And I'm still in the Murda Bizness
I can hold you down, like I'm giving lessons in physics (right, right?)
You should want a bad bitch like this (huh?)
Drop it low and pick it up just like this (yeah)
Cup of Ace, cup of Goose, cup of Cris
High heels, something worth a half a ticket on my wrist (on my wrist)
Taking all the liquor straight, never chase that (never)
Rooftop like we bringing '88 back (what?)
Bring the hooks in, where the bass at?
Champagne spilling, you should taste that

[Hook: Charli XCX]
I'm so fancy, you already know
I'm in the fast lane, from L.A. to Tokyo
I'm so fancy, can't you taste this gold?
Remember my name, 'bout to blow-oh-oh-oh

[Verse 2: Bishop Nehru]
It's Baby Face Bishy with the tight fade
Part through the middle, yeah I had it since the tenth grade
But now I'm out globe roaming and I'm getting paid
The Emperor's reign and his Esca' paid
I'm finally escalating, gotta stay away from the hating
I'm seeing great things they awaiting
And I'm feeling the whole world's gravitation
So I know these statements ain't me thinking fake or basic
The chicks call me Bishy when they wasted
Got a couple dollars now they all trying to shake it
But can't fall in love till I got the right space
And I had to just add that your ass looks amazing
Got a thing for smashes, dresses and fat assets
But can't get distracted it's back to the track [?]
All of the attractions leaving them all trapped
In the back end, living so fancy no acting

[Verse 3: Iggy Azalea]
I said baby, I do this, I thought that, you knew this
Can't stand no haters, and honest, the truth is
And my flow retarded, each beat dear, departed
Swagger on stupid, I can't shop at no department
Better get my money on time, if they not money, decline
And swear I meant that there so much that they give that line a rewind
So get my money on time, if they not money, decline
I just can't worry 'bout no haters, gotta stay on my grind
Now tell me, who that, who that? That do that, do that?
Put that paper over all, I thought you knew that, knew that
I be that I-G-G-Y, put my name in bold
I been working, I'm up in here with some change to throw

[Hook: Charli XCX]

[Bridge: Charli XCX]
Trash the hotel, let's get drunk on the minibar
Make the phone call, feels so good getting what I want
Yeah, keep on turning it up
Chandelier swinging, we don't give a fuck
Film star, yeah, I’m deluxe
Classic, expensive, you don't get to touch, aow!

[Verse 4: Iggy Azalea]
Still stunting, how you love that?
Got the whole world asking how I does that
Hot girl, hands off, don't touch that
Look at it, I bet you wishing you could clutch that
That's just the way you like it, huh?
And so good, he's just wishing he could bite it, huh?
Never turn down nothing, slayin' these hoes
Gold trigger on the gun like

[Hook: Charli XCX]

[Outro: Iggy Azalea & Charli XCX] (x2)
Who that, who that? I-G-G-Y
That do that, do that, I-G-G-Y
Who that, who that? I-G-G-Y
(Blow-oh-oh-oh)