[Produced by: Ghost McGrady]

[Sampled Intro: 2Pac]
I would tell each and every person out there
Doh-Forget about that click n up Sh-thing, you know what I mean?
Be to yourself, stay to yourself, trust nobody
TRUST NO-BODY
After dark, you know what I mean?
Straight up, my closest friends did me in
My closest friends, my homies, people who I done took care of they whole family
I done took care of everything for em, looked out for them, put em in the game
Everything! Turned on me!
Fear is stronger than love, remember that
Fear is stronger than love, all the love I gave, didn't mean nothing when it came to fear
So it's all good, but I'm a soldier, I always survive, I constantly come back
Ya know what I mean? Only thing that can kill me, is death, that's the only thing that will ever stop me, is death
And even then my music live forever

[Verse 1: Bishop Nehru]
Check!
I'm a genius when it comes to spittin' flows
My sixteens hard, don't act as if you didn't know
I'm laying low, not in a circle
But blowing O's and hoping that Buddha knows
That there's plenty of foes with four fours
Tryna get a nigga clipped quick!
It sick shit going on, but I try to stay calm, and focus on songs
Because ones that's doing wrong, tryna have me tag along
And word is bond, I rather bomb word vapor from bongs
That's word with no friends
No games when I hold pens, and these hoes, they hoping
That my heart, will open, and let em into the cash
But my mind sets lab
Like they did when I was in class, just struggling to pass
But at last I past them, with the stash and my live 10
You boyfriend ask him, he know that there's crack in my
Tracks when I rap, people clap and react fast
Because they know that Nehru and this rap shit is gonna last
It's the fact that I'm everything that you lack, nigga you whack
Don't act like I ain't murder these rappers with one track
The lights leak, the bright peak, start of the show
Now I got you, and your ho front row at my show, whoa!

[Bridge]
Now I got you, and your ho front row at my show, whoa!
You and your ho front row at my show, whoa! (whoa)
Now I got you, and your ho front row at my show, whoa!

[Verse 2: Bishop Nehru]
But shit slow, cause there's no entry
For ones that tryna tempt me
With ounces of sticky, and icky bitches that's tryna get me
Hit with a charge, cause the kid live large
In the stars is where I rest, and my bars they be the best
And I bust it out my chest
And clowns, I never stress
They seeing, they could progress
So they tryna get with the cheques
Hah! Fickle Mind$ tryna blind a nigga shine
My grind, never combine with people that's on the side
Because all of them living lies, and I be living these lines
Like lives, below foes, there's always a no-soul
Don't go "Oh No", when you notice the kid is global
When your ho's backstage giving me a slow blow
I know I spit advance right? That's why my advance right
I'm killing any rapper that stand with a pen and mic

[Outro]
Stay outta sight, and I'm tryna be polite
But I swear when a nigga write from the pen acetyl ignite
It's like(x3)