[Intro Sample from The Emperor's New Groove]
Rudy: I threw off the emperor's groove
Pacha: What?
Rudy: His groove! The rhythm in which he lives his life! His pattern of behavior! I threw it off! And the emperor had me thrown out the window!
Pacha: Oh really? I'm supposed to see him today--
Rudy: DON'T THROW OFF HIS GROOVE!

[Intro]
Yup, Yup, ain't no way
When you're doing your thing you know
There's always somebody ready with torpedoes
Don't let 'em sink your boat

[Chorus]
Ayy, all I know is I ain't gonna let you sink my boat
Ayy, as I wrote, I'ma make sure that all I do is glow
Ayy, I was told everything that glistens isn't gold
Ayy, all I know is I ain't gonna let you sink my boat

[Verse 1]
Yeah, my boat has been floating perfectly
They want the Titanic or another worse to murder me
Still I never panic cause y'all lead me certainty
They can't help but watch me go first like it's courtesy
My character ain't assassinated I'm fine, certainly
A little aggravate but it seems like the perks of me
Ain't a perc in me, and still it ain't even a you need
The only time I leave Earth is when I go to merk a beat
I serve unique Hennesy
Learned in one life my little boat could grow to a yacht
He got to go and shine, that's the bottom line
My boat's so strong it could hold off Poseidon, uh
Like a rushed book, I'm focused on my end
Truly being me, everyday I'm trying to wisen
Became a lost jewel that they seeked and been finding
So now I'm making 'em pay like go around finding
Ain't surprising

[Chorus]
Ayy, all I know is I ain't gonna let you sink my boat
Ayy, as I wrote, I'ma make sure that all I do is glow
Ayy, I was told everything that glistens isn't gold
Ayy, all I know is I ain't gonna let you sink my boat

[Verse 2]
I ain't sinking, what are y'all thinking?
See as I'm getting older that my circle has been shrinking
Notice that it gets lonely at the top and now I'm linked in
That's why I feel like humans on the brink of extinction
Cause any distinction just get 'em embarrassed
I done seen it for twenty years, even see it in my parents
And honestly it's apparent (Wait what?)
But whatever, that's why it's fuck every opinion all together
Any weather I'll be fine, got a different mind
Life is battleship and really I've been winning every time
Like strict mom whippings, now they wouldn't even try
Cause my boat won't flip, inside staying dry
I'm striving for history, the strive sends victory
I figured out the keys to my route like a mystery
I know they want me out like a house with an entity
But my boat forever afloat like it's infinity
Are you kidding me?

[Chorus]
Ayy, all I know is I ain't gonna let you sink my boat
Ayy, as I wrote, I'ma make sure that all I do is glow
Ayy, I was told everything that glistens isn't gold
Ayy, all I know is I ain't gonna let you sink my boat