[VERSE 1: Substantial]
I can paint a picture with words or just brushes
Make something out of nothing ain't nothing to make something
Cutting up samples while keeping the bass pumping
Nothing we can't handle I will have this place jumping
Your tramp on lean, I'd rather have a queen
Of course I am a king, so I can have a dream
Or be your worst nightmare at war never fight fair
If our freedom right there, take it by any means
Learn PEACE from the Gods but still study violence
Fight for my Serenity if anything challenge
Write dope on a tightrope trying to find balance
Build my skill with will plus talent
Slanger of the rhymes, training young minds
Painter of the times, Maker of designs
Sailor of the skies, pilot of the seas
Baker of the pies, refiner of the dreams

[HOOK: Substantial]
...I do it (do it)
Black of all trades, I do it (do it)
Put art on a page I do it (do it)
I do it (do it), I do it (do it)
Make something out of nothing ain't nothing to make something
If you want to do it... do it
Make something out of nothing ain't nothing to make something
If you want to do it... do it

[VERSE 2; Substantial]
Do it until it’s done and there ain’t nothin’ left to do
Do it under the sun can tell you did it from your hue
Doin’ it in the park after dark me & you
Different type of vibe but I’mma work it ‘til it's thru
I’m a mover and shaker
Up at dawn, stumble strong
So my jaw stay about as smooth as sandpaper
This is for the chance takers, villains gave us lemon
Now we Lemonade makers, don't let any man break ya
...We're def the most resilient yall seen bey
He don't play but highly sought after as teammate
Nothing I can't do, you should broaden your dreamscape
Food for thought you should be consuming what we bake
Teach, cook, write, love, speak good, fight, f**k
Seek, look, eyes shut, we must rise up
Often write rhymes, dark skin, bright mind
Lost winds, fly blind, fortunes I find...

HOOK
...I do it (do it)
Black of all trades, I do it (do it)
Shackle my brain can’t do it (do it)
Won’t do it (do it), can’t do it (do it)
Made something out of nothing ain't nothing to make something
If you want to do it... do it
Made something out of nothing ain't nothing to make something
If you want to do it... do it

[VERSE 3: Substantial]
How you gonna tell me what I can’t do..
Sh*t… I probably did it first..
Ain’t nothin I can’t handle…
...Sure as hell can’t do it worse
So I’mma make it cooler. Add a little flavor
Take us to the future. Be a little greater
I ain’t scared to barter, skill more valuable than paper
Work a little harder put it down and make’em pay up
...I lay it down they tell me stay up
Then every time I turn around they talking ‘bout a pay cut
Trying to stop a baker who out here gettin his cake up
Skills surpassing his peers, wondering why I bring race up
Cuz average got us living under poverty lines
And good’s only good enough part of the time
...And great will make’em hate you from afar
In the comment section like “Who these niggers think they are?”

HOOK
Black of all trades, I do it (do it)
Carry the world’s weight I do it (do it)
I’ll be damned if I can’t I do it (do it)
I do it (do it), I do it (do it)
Make something out of nothing ain't nothing to make something
If you want to do it... do it
Make something out of nothing ain't nothing to make something
If you want to do it... do it