[Intro]
So sorry, so so sorry [x3]
Next time I'll do it right but can I do you right now?

[Verse 1: Substantial]
Damn what'd I do? (What?)
Why you pissed at me? (Huh?)
Oh man, true (Oh)
It does look crappy
But is it that serious?
Because you hella steamed
I tried to do it right
But you always intervene
Besides you know I had a long day
My bad for putting the onesie on the wrong way
And no I didn't smell the diaper
(You didn't smell that shit in the air?) Well I might of
But aye baby why waste a good evening?
You know you shouldn't yell like hell when she's sleeping
Besides when you're pissed that shit's sexy
And I wanna kiss the lips, so just let me
Make it up to you and give you something to smile about
Because it's a waste of energy to fuss and wild out
Afterwards you'll bite my lip and say I'm bad
It's so good I might intentionally start making you mad

[Hook: Deacon the Villian]
Baby let me makie it up to you
I'll do it while I'm making love alright
To you, you, baby

[Verse 2: Substantial]
Huh, my bad I know I'm late again (Whoops)
Had another show again, and I know you hate it when
I ain't on time, said 1, didn't make it in
'Til quarter past 3, new couch, time to break it in
Either that or lay in the bed with your back to me
But actually, that doesn't sound bad to me
Don't be mad at me, I hate it when you holdin' out
You ain't gotta front, if you mad why'd you poke it out?
Threaten me with a good time, bet I show up
With a loaded gun like "Don't move it's a hold up"
And do hard time for my crimes of passion
Things slip your mind when it's time for action
Recline, relax, and accept my apology
As long as it takes them to fix the economy
At least let a brother slide with a warning
And you can tell me how I ain't shit in the morning
'Til then

[Hook]

[Bride: Substantial]
Aye, look here baby
I need, I need you to calm d- calm down
Breath... there y- okay, there ya’ go
Now look, I don’t know what else to do, baby
I done had Deacon sing to you, but you know what?
Ya know I ain’t gon’ give up just yet
I’m a bring in the good brother, Olivier Daysoul
And maybe he can help me out
Ya’ know I can’t quite sing but I’ma let him sing it to ya’
Can ya’ help brother? Come on!

[Olivier Daysoul]
Woo! Baby yeah!
I wanna make love to you... yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah... eh babe
You baby!
You make me feel so good!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

[Hook]