[Verse 1]
(Substantial) MONDAY: Get fresh for my hour commute
Cause at least 5 days a week, I'm with the youth
Teaching them how to chase dreams, while they stay clean
And try to avoid parenthood while they're teens
TUESDAY: Find me on "UAU" Street
With the Gods and Mambo Sauce on the beats
WEDNESDAY: I'm wrapping up rhymes that's so sick
Spend a couple hours tweaking my show disc
THURSDAY: I'm at the crib trying to recline
With the wife and spend a little quality time
Gotta let go of any stress clouding my mind
When it try to hold me back, man, I'm hard to acclaim
FRIDAY: Red' to go, locked and loaded
'Bout to let it flow, then bless the show
No time to chill, gotta work tonight
Me and Slew trying to move all this merchandise
SATURDAY: Heal my voice with some honey and hot tea
Pay a couple bills with the money it got me
Head to the park with my lady and baby
Relax cause the rap game making me crazy
SUNDAY: Grab my pad, hit the lab's
What I do, lay down vocals with yU
TODAY: Now you and yours are tuned
Got another one, all aboard the movement. Let's go!

[Hook x2]
We keep the movement moving
The groovers grooving when we do what we're doing
Get down!
Stamp that, let me see them hands clap
Alright we be rocking it all night!

[Verse 2 (yU)]
Now 1, 1, 2 is when i'm checking the mic
And I can take it off to the top and flex something I write
Just to warm it up, make sure my vocals is heard
Check the monitors, that's the stuff that I had to learn
If the beat is kinda crankin' and your words start sinkin' in
Nobody get the gist of... what a brother spit. So...
Taking in the info given by my kinfolk
Just so that we grow cause we trying to let them know
Show gonna be rocking, I'ma kick that raw nonstop
Kinda of Hip Hop, push it up a couple notches
Switch up the stuff it be getting' too monotonous
YU and Substantial, yep we got this
In control, fast or slow and you know that
I'ma do my thing, so, uh, can you hold that
Free form I be on, yep, that is the format
Far from predictable style that some of y'all lack like
Playbook is missing pages though
You picked the default one, we know which way you gon' go
So I... aim to grow, though we all need dough
I keep integrity, that's the definite way of a pro... fessional
At the show reppin' those that know
Adjust the flow to the pattern drum, don't let go
Like a pit with intent, diligent I went
All the way now I benefit from my imprint, uh huh huh huh!

[Hook]