VERSE 1
Ya ready?!
Get get get get get get ready?!
Get get get get ready?!
Ready... Aim... Fire… like Blow!
World tuned in to what I write now
Past. Future. Right now!
Marcus check the levels how my mic sound? (All good)
Movin’ right on
Fist in the air like right on
Keep letting bygones be bygones
Chuck a deuce to your ass like bye! GONE! (FOH)
Use to party like I gave a #uck
Lips on a bottle with my eyes on her butt
Foot on the throttle tried to keep it turnt up
Like my hand on the volume don’t care where we turn up
(No chill)
Now I party like I got a plan
Shit I did for free now I get about a grand
Some are still asleep think I'm really not a fan
They was looking for sheep but instead they got a man
(So real)

HOOK
Steppin' out the crib I wanna move it
But when I start to move, I start a movement
So, stop and take a look at how I do it, I
Party with purpose
So, you can pop your bottles 'til you lose it
While the sound is drowned out by our music
We gon' keep your hands high while we do it, let's
Party with purpose

VERSE 2
We’d party and bullshit
Living our lives to the fullest
Back when Gangstarr had a full clip
After everybody was on the Bulls dick
Plenty Bullets. No Wizards
Youngin’ pull ish. Go bizerk!
Folk run the street doing dizzirt
It was nothing sweet, no desserts
Hit the chizzurch, trying to wash away their sins
Til Friday come then some do it again
And people run for fun and get it in
Cause we creep from slums where none of us s'pose to win
And I'm, and I'm, and I'm up in here with'em
Share the same problems we don't only share rhythm
Working to resolve'em while we up in here sipping
Til we empty out a bottle we ain't up in here tripping
And we ain't bullshitting just shitting on the bull
Got us off track, cup still half full
Gon pushback til we really have pull
‘Fore you lift that skirt better lift that wool
And know who you effin’ with
The truth will probably make a hooker turn celibate
They can sell a bit of lies but we sidestepping it
Miss me, quickly that ain’t what we represent, nah!

HOOK

VERSE 3
Ain’t no party like a party with purpose
If you party with a purpose don’t stop
For lyin’ ass journalists, punk politicians
Or racists ass murdering cops
Ain’t no party like a party with purpose
If you party with a purpose don’t quit
For fake ass thugs or culture vultures
Won’t cha get off our dick
Yeah we did it before, just did it again
Been this way from the door, getting it til the end
Givin’ yall the raw for sure give it a spin
From the core we swore to war until we win
One accord. Of course the source is from within
And the force is strong as Thor or Benjamin
Grimm hardbody decor but sport a grin
Slim’s leavin’ balance restored workin’ a pen

HOOK