*phone rings*
"Hello?"

[Hook 2x]
Mr. Robinson, this is your wake up call
Better get it together, don't take too long
GET UP, and get on your job
Gotta gotta gotta make it though I know it's been hard

Yeah you work hard, and I see you working overtime
You're a star but you don't shine like you're supposed to shine
That's one of the many things that's been on my mind
Not enough people know that you've been on ya grind
And regardless of the frontin' you've been working hard for nothing
Think it's time you did something before ya time pass
Yo, it's time to take some action and finally make it happen
And have all the people asking to rewind that
Cause after reviewing all of the facts
It appears your own choices are what's holding you back
Yo I wanna see you make it dog, really I do
But it's like some of the songs you write are really 'bout you
Yeah you know what you want, but haven't got what you needed
And I can't even front, I can hear your heart bleeding
And they, still manage to front on your ass
It's enough to make you pick up something and blast
And say "to hell with it"
But you didn't you dealt with it
You need to be commended for your ongoing commitment
To overcoming the odds it isn't easy to do
In fact, we know it's been hard, but by believing in you
You've accomplished more things than most of your peers
And became a bit content with it, over the years
Fam, your destiny is bigger than this
Who knows you better than me
It gets no realer than this, you know?

[Hook 2x]

Gotta gotta gotta get it together (and make it) [repeat 8x]

I support you when nobody does
I was even with you when you didn't know who I was
Sometimes, I wish you didn't love so hard
And I wish you had the balls to scream "fuck your job"
Thank God, that you don't lust for cars
Now if I could only get you to trust your heart
A little bit more, but be sure, you go with your gut
Your literature is pure and your flow has been nuts
So stop lettin' other people tell you how to rhyme
Cause for one they can't tell the sun how to shine
And for two none of the these dudes is hardly signed
Tell 'em "thanks but no thanks dog, I'll be fine" (peace!)
I really wish you saw your family more
You need each other, what you think they're called a "family" for?
Take better care of yourself, cause lack of sleep can really put a wear and tear on your health
Sheeit but I can't talk, this is a wake up call right?
That doesn't mean you need to stay up all night
But easier said than done, we never said it's fun
We need the bread to come, ain't easy to get it son
So you compete when the drive is right then
And make music to leave minds enlightened
And I love you for how hard you work
But there's more to be done, so give it all you're worth

[Hook 2x]

"Black man get on your job!" [repeat until fade] -> sampled from De La Soul's "Verbal Clap"

[Outro/Another Day At The Plantation: Substantial and (customer)]

Printing Services, Substan- I mean Stan speaking. How can I help you?
(Yes, is this Printing Services?)
That's...what I just said, whatcha need?
(Something's wrong with my printer.)
What exactly is the problem ma'am?
(I don't knoooow...can you please just come over and take a look?)
Alright ma'am, do you have pen and paper?
(Yes!)
Alright, take this number down
(OK...)
1800-
(Uh-huh...)
555-HELP
(Is this like some number for the help desk or something?)
Actually...that would be the number for someone who gives a fuck. Have a nice one!