When you were inspired to do what it is that you do
You ever wonder about who you’re actually inspiring?

[Verse 1]
Not impressed by your salary or your material
Not impressed by your quest to be imperial
Not impressed by your monetary ranking of women based on the physical
When you’ve owed them everything since the umbilical (Move Me!)
Give a damn about your movies, your sports drink or your fast car
All that comes with being a rap star
Can I ask y’all one simple question?
Really see… What’s that have to do with your ability? (Move Me!)
Take me places I’ve never been or knew I wanted to go
Share things I’m not even sure I wanted to know
Yo, you can’t be silent you were blessed with a voice
Make me feel it like I never had a choice (Move Me!)

[Hook]
Spit something (Move Me!)
Sing something (Move Me!)
Grab your instrument and play something that moves me!
Write something (Move Me!)
Recite something (Move Me!)
Be the dream, and live a life that moves me!

[Verse 2]
Instead of coasting through it
Take life by the horns like you’re suppose to do it
You know it’s stupid to think there’s no influence
In thought provoking music and that’s why you don’t…(Move Me!)
Far from impressed with y’all letting the lead fly
In hoods from Landover to Bedstuy
How ‘bout you take that and point it at the ones that rape our family
Instead of adding on to the insanity (Move Me!)
Before I move you, Out of my iPod
My God they're soft why do they rhyme hard
And they think that’s real, that I find odd
Get that trash shit out of my yard (Move Me!)
Not impressed by crooks
Nor am I impressed by MC's who rhymes sound like already published books
Who cares if they’re revolutionary step your game up
Positive or not I don’t clap for lame stuff (Move Me!)
What’s so revolutionary ‘bout bussing a gun
If they own the company that it came from
You’d probably pop one of your own ‘fore you’d pop a cop
Yo the nonsense you chat about gotta stop (Move Me!)
I ain’t perfect but I work with what I have and what I know
And the light my mama blessed me with’s the reason that I glow
I use it against the dark and to humble any foe
Only reason that I flow…Is to move you!
I’ve been moved to, it soothes the soul
Now I look deeper inside when I choose my goals
When you’re finally on the right path you will know
This is me, I didn’t choose the role
Do I move you?
I pray I do and my words are inspiration
For every young artist of the next generation
Know no limitations and the power of your sentences
And even when I’m old an insignificant (Move Me!)

[Hook]
Spit something (Move Me!)
Sing something (Move Me!)
Grab your instrument and play something that moves me!
Write something (Move Me!)
Recite something (Move Me!)
Be the dream, and live a life that moves me!
Draw something (Move Me!)
Paint something (Move Me!)
Life is a work of art and it moves me!
Do the dance (Move Me!)
Let your rhythm (Move Me!)
I choreograph steps as the track of life moves me!

Move Me!
Move Me!