[Hook: J Soul]
I’m so happy that you’re there for me
When I need someone to care for me
Through the good and bad
I’m so thankful that you bare with me
Someone like you is a rarity
That everyone should have…
Somebody like you by their side
When everyone else runs and hides
You were there!
And you still are!
You are there!
You’re never too far, never too far!

[Verse 1: Substantial]
You were there when I was digging thru the couch looking for change
There, back when all of my outfits were looking lame
It’s clear that without you around, life wouldn’t be the same
Kinda weird like trying to get in the picture without a frame
To hold it together
I know forever sound insane
When we’re separate it’s like trying to operate with half a brain
When I needed peace of mind
You would add a piece to mine
Now my whole view of relationships has been redefined
You were there when I was sleeping on floors but didn’t feel odd
Without a home, would rock shows then use your meal card
There, even when I got my first real job
Here when I gave them my notice so I could focus…
On this rap s**t, finally make a career out of a habit
But you always knew that your man was flier than bat s**t
Way hotter than that s**t
But you kept me grounded
You were there before the pioneers and artists I get down with
Before I was surrounded by these leaches and these groupies
When I would go on tour and leave you the keys that’s to my hooptie
You never seemed too boushie or too ghetto
But I brought the hood out you with a little Amaretto
Which reminds me…
You were there every time I said I’d never drink again
There when I’m driving, while I’m vibing, I would need a pen
You wold write my lines for me in the book of rhymes
Sure the verse would be too gritty
But the words would look too pretty
Only you!

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Substantial]
It’s like you were always there when I needed you to see me through
Ride or die by my side like you’re shotgun in my vehicle
Without a doubt I’ll be with you forever and a day or three
Crazy as I am, you might be crazier to stay with me
Everything you seem to do be crucial to our unit
So the least that I could do is hold you down when you’re going through it
That’s you for me, and me for you, don’t mean to sound so corny
But to pretend like theirs anything realer than us is phony and you know me shorty

[Bridge: J Soul]
Oh yeah, oh…
You know that
We go back
Like throwbacks
We hold that
My heart is
So open
So open
I’m hopin’
We rollin’
Til times end
Girl…
Girl you know that my throne’s your throne
Girl you know my house is your home
And everything that I own you own
Til the very end!

[Hook]