[Substantial]
It don’t matter where you from
It don’t matter who you are
Old or young
Whether near or far
It is color blind and truly without prejudice
A heart is a home and it’s usually the resident
Anywhere you go, if it’s there, it is evident
Matter fact, there’s no where in the world that it’s never been
Timeless, because it’s always relevant
Beautiful, but it isn’t always elegant
Sometimes it’s simplistic and innocent
Fightin’ it at first but eventually you let it in
It can be a thought
Or, family support
Once it hits you like a viral infection you’re caught
You wouldn’t be at fault if you’re spreadin’ it around
When it seems the troubles of the world’s gettin’ you down
If it is sound, then it sound like this
Overflowing with passion ‘til you drown in bliss!

Chorus: [Steph]
You can...
Smell it, taste it
See it, touch it, embrace it. It’s the...
Helpin’ hand and constant friend

Always there, anytime or place
It’s so complex, yet, oh so simple
Expressed through smiles and dimples
Soft eyes and body language
You try but you can’t contain it!

[Substantial]
It’s a four letter word
A noun and a verb
But it easily takes a page to define it
It’s clear, only the hand of God could design it
Whenever my daughter reaches for me, I’m reminded
Of how one that can barely speak, can express it
And be a recipient of it, though you didn’t request it
Even in a sincere smile its suggested
Often found in a pound, hug or gratitude
We even put it on display through our attitude
And a dose of it can even raise your altitude
To find peace, that’s constant elevation
To help you arrive at your final destination
Whether “Cloud 9” or it’s heaven you seek
It’s a universal language so whenever you speak
We can all understand ‘cause it shows in your actions
To everyone you meet without knowing their reaction

Chorus

BRIDGE [Steph]
Sometimes it's hard to find it
Catch sight you can be blinded
This is the power it has
Built with the strength to outlast you and I. Yet
Like water in your hand or
Seeds sown in fertile land
It's precious and we need it in our
Lives to survive, survive!

[Substantial]
It can be physical
It can be spiritual
Might show up when you least expect. It’s a miracle

It can be the cause of regret, and why you’re miserable
Then again, it can make you feel invincible
Metaphorically speaking and sometimes literal
At times, hard to find but always visible
Critical to my life, so I use it like it’s medicinal
Though, that isn’t conventional, it is part of my ritual
And I know I’m not saying anything original
This might not be applicable to every individual
But to falsify this feeling should be criminal
It’s no wonder why when it’s betrayed it’s unforgivable
That’s why we share it with those we find dependable
A shoulder to lean on when life feels formidable
For real, it can truly heal at its pinnacle
Isn’t it amazing, the power of one syllable!

HOOK

Worldwide and coast to coast
We gonna spread it where it’s needed most
Y’all know what it is!
Japan, Maryland to Sea Town
Let’s give the world what it need now
Y’all know what it is!
REPEAT 1X

We gon’ bring her back and put her above all
‘Cause who we’re talking about is love y’all!