[Verse 1: Mac Dre]
I got this bitch on the corner, she hella cute
I'm always digging in her bra and getting hella loot
Whats happening? I'm Mac Dre the bitch wetter
And pimping is one of the many ways I get cheddar
On a bitch back like a thick sweater
You know I represent that 16th letter
The P, pimping, West Coast pimping
Pockets so fat the motherfuckas got me limping
It's in my blood, I'm a Mac from birth
A West Coast cutthroat from the turf
I'm in her purse more than she be
That's his wife but I be fucking more than he be
I go gorilla, that's on the real'a
And the Pittsburg I know don't got no Steelers
It's nothing new, we old school like retro
And this gangsta mac shit on this West Coast

[Hook 2X]
(Straight gangsta mac) (Repeat 3X)
(Straight) West Coast
(Straight gangsta mac but sometimes I...)(Get Stupid!)

[Verse 2: Yukmouth]
I'm a gangsta mac, I'll break a batch
Send a hoe for the dough, Yuk make her fetch
Bring it back like we playing catch
A trick dry slurps licks, guns to your head like playing roulette
Pimps follow me copying what I do next
With the coupe on 22's and knock a new bitch
Yellow and blue wrist, yellow and blue kicks
I used to move bricks and make 'em do flips
Now, I pimp bitches that's in porno movies
While a model bitch feeding me sushi rocking Gucci
I rock the Louis, model or a groupie
You wanna fuck with Yuk, bitch socking it to me
I'm into jewelry, bitch, ice my wrist up
Put her on the internet and the strip club
And I met her in the strip club
Now she fucking with a rich thug, Yuk stay chipped up, what!

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Turf Talk]
On Chevy you should see the guts in him
And he cut to fit the 26-inch rim (Dayuumm!)
3-51, you should see when it passed ya
Pushing on your gas but he's a little bit faster
Fuck what you thought got money here
My speakerbox shaking up my rearview mirror
(Baba! Baba! Baba!)
San Quinn told me half these niggas is acting
Just be about your business you the West Coast Vaccine (Westsideee!)
Siccness dot net, you diss, you get wet
Put money on your head for disrespecting this vet
I only feel comfortable around my hoodlums
Why you own a gun, mayne? Y'all ain't gon' shoot em'!
I was raised by the low lows, dreadlocks and peacoats
(Hell yeah we smoke weed!) Keep sherm and in snow
You catch me posted where the goons is at
Shoot you from the front, leave a hole in your back

[Hook]