(Charles Diamond)
Let me emerge from my shadow as I, take off my shell
I know you never see me often, but I know you know me well, I
Come alive when the sun dies, I'm fighting tryna keep a piece of
My mind from another time from going and tryna reach ya
(Black Bruce Wayne)
But really I don't give a fuck, watch me do my thing
I bring a sense of rebirth in me cuz I made myself a king, ME
What's my name, where my reign, bitch I'm fucking royalty
And I guarantee that you ain't greater, you ain't more than me
(Charles Diamond)
But we all the same. And everything I do, you do
We tryna stop the game, but getting caught up in the rules
I wish I could explain: this ain't no competition
It's the process not the product how we counting up our living
(Black Bruce Wayne)
But when I'm tryna get it, my desire got no limits
On my mind like all the time, in, hours, seconds, minutes
Every time I get it, celebrate with a blunt and a Guinness
Turn into a public menace, just let me handle my business,  BITCH I'M...

(Hook)
Black. Bruce. Wayne. Check me out... (x8)

I blend into the shadows in the day, in the day
And I shine with my darkness in the night, in the night (x2)

(You don't wanna know, you don't wanna know my contradictions.) (x4)


(Charles Diamond)
I'm tryna stitch my life from a collage of broken images
The footage on the cutting room floor is just my genesis
The clips that got picked up, I could describe them as my instruments
To write a different orchestra from the one that I'm finished with
(Black Bruce Wayne)
But fuck it all, I'll let you see; the public space is my privacy
Potentially, I'll probably be, the one in power, so honor me
Life based off hypocrisy, I'm a politician with policy
I think I do, don't bridge for that. And honestly, I don't try to be
(Charles Diamond)
Got struggle in my veins, and every fucking day's the same
Nights swallowed by the lights; can't discern and can't explain
What's the difference? I need a minute to tell
Floating on the wings in that swell, tryna release myself from that spell
(Black Bruce Wayne)
But I own it, that's my passion, that's my life, and I'm not acting
Can't define me by my mistakes if I reaffirm every action
I'm just asking, can I live? Too many fucks I don't give
I'm running out of emotion, my heartbeat is standing still, BITCH I'M...

(Hook)