(Charles Diamond)
I guess I'm looking in the mirror once again
Tryna find a view that makes me scared of what I am
Unleash the beast, I get the chains up off my wristseses
The CEO - I guess I handle all my businesses
It took a while for me to get up off my ass
Claim the corner window office with the bulletproof glass
I know the script and play the role that I was cast in;
A steady motor, never need to stop for gas, and
I couldn't push it, didn't have enough force
And a couple bad directions took a nigga off the course
Left, right, no direction when you stepping in
The path of your destiny, it's only left to guessing it
Run out of patience and it's nothing left to measure with
Just another hard life take you out your element
That's why we stay up with some glass and a light
Tryna make an early morning outta these long...nights

Yeah, yeah, back, back up in the mix like that
(How y'all feel? How y'all feel? Y'all aright?)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, one time for my niggas with the Utmost, on
(Yeah, uh)

(Ok, uh) Yeah, yeah
I got too many stories, I can't waste an intro;
I spend it letting everybody know just what they in for
I give you everything you need to know, yep, all the info
Concerning all my inventory, that's what I got in store
It's just the basics of my contemplations
If you was waiting, I greatly appreciate the patience
I had a few speed bumps on the turnpike;
If you get your foot up off the pedal, you can learn right
It's my turn right? I gotta get this shit up off my chest
So I can move forward with my fucking life
It's not a slight if you get mentioned;
Just know that reference is the ending of my sentence
And if you did me dirty, know that you're forgiven
Even if you never really requested forgiveness
I still give it, and I ask for the same
Just another poor player, strutting hours on the stage, like

Like, like, like, like, back, back up in the mix like that
(How y'all feel?  Aright.)
Yeah, two times for my homies with the Utmost, on
(Yeah, it's like that, yeah)

Let it ride Cons...

This the new Rabbit Run, can I get a ride?
Charlie Diamond in this motha, let a nigga shine
I been saying I'm the one, I guess a nigga prime
Even Fibonacci couldn't add it if you gave him time
Now that's the private school talking, Nerdy nigga walked in
Pimping at the track meet, shoutout to Mr. Khakis
Shoutout to Ben Katz, b, and your lil sis...

(Like, like, like, like...welcome to my mind like....)

G92 in the building