[Intro: Lil Yachty]
30, you a motherfucking fool, nigga

[Verse 1]
I was 22 when I first dropped (duece, duece)
Most influential dude when I first dropped
(Uh, true story) the bando named a new spot (bando)
Where them boys from? They ain't from the Hot (nawf)
Hotlanta (hot, hah), dirty mango Fanta (mud, hah)
Swept the game like I'm Huncho MC Hammer (uh, hammer time)
Write my name 'cross the hall of fame banner (write it, write it)
Hit the lights, diamonds flash like a camera (flip the switch)
First met her in some open toed sandals (yeah, hey)
Now her attitude like a candle (she lit, lit)
That bag make you wanna up your standards (get rich, rich)
Way too fat but she ain't got no manners
Lil' bitch (uh), hop on the stick, uh (hop on the stick)
Grant your wish, uh (woo), came for licks, uh (licks)
We came to hit, uh (hit), who that bitch? uh (who?)
Poppin' shit, uh (who?), let it rip, uh (who? raow)

[Chorus]
I said, this the biggest alley oop (alley oop)
I'm gon' air it out if i shoot (bow)
It's only one mic in the booth (one mic)
Guess it's my night to tell the truth (woo, truth)
Who got the biggest bag in the room? (bag, bag)
Who got the biggest bag in the room? (bag, bag)
Who got the biggest bag in the room? (racks, cash)
Who got the biggest bag in the room? (yeah, hey, hey)

[Verse 2]
I lead the way (Yes, leader), follow the wave (Follow the wave)
I'm not Beyoncé (No!), it's bigger than Jay (HOV)
All in the studio cookin' up beats (Woo), but I'm not 'Ye (Yeezy)
Blessin' the whole industry but they not tryna pay (Pay)
I wanted like ten mill (Aye), that was like last year (Aye)
They lookin' like, "Oh, for real?" (Aye), wait till this year (Aye)
Make the bank clear (Racks), grandma ain't here (Grandma)
Fuck your fake tears (Fake) Huncho made his (M's)
And I'm humble still (Yeah, yeah)
Niggas been handlin' business and dough before the deal
(Rah, handlin' business)
You livin' a lie, I only provide the real (Go, go)
Niggas been drownin' they kidneys before they got rid of the seal (Drownin' my kidneys)
Thinkin' 'bout gettin' a big Bentley and callin' it Shaquille O'Neal (Shaquille)
Thinkin' about wrappin' a Benz yellow, Kill Bill (Kill Bill)
Thinkin' that you poppin' but it's Advil (Advil)
Think your stage hoppin? It's a standstill (Standstill)

[Outro]
Yeah, I go by the name of Huncho
Quavo Huncho (30, you a motherfuckin' fool, nigga)
The hitman, woah
Huncho, let's go, skrt, skrt-skrt