[Intro]
ZayMigo, ZayTiggy, ZayMigo

[Verse 1: Quavo]
I put the bitch on the boat by the shore
100 thousand for my diamond Chuck Norris
I fucked your bitch, when she call I ignore her
Sold out shows went Atlanta, did Dora
On the jet ski with my Rollie in Florida
If I lose it, fuck it, buy some more water
Come back with the chopper like the game Mordor
I'm ahead of time, I bought a portal
I watch a brick cross over the border
I took her phone cause she a recorder
Quavo Capone, I give you tutorial
I'm the greatest you've witnessed, this shit is historical
Me and Nast talkin' mils
Shoulda played for the Bills
Still trappin', servin' wings
Buffalos on my team
Put the dope on the beam
That's the honest shit I've ever seen
Because the scale tell the truth
And the money counter too
Big chopper, that's a whopper
I tried to buy a helicopter
But instead I bought a Benz
Then disect the engine like doctors
I heard he was a crime stopper
I heard he was a crime stopper
He growed up to be a copper
I growed up to be a robber

[Hook: Quavo]
Coppers and robbers, coppers and robbers
Coppers and robbers
You wanna play? You wanna play?
Coppers and robbers, coppers and robbers
You wanna play? You wanna play?
Coppers and robbers

[Verse 2: Offset]
What you gon' do when you look on your camera, them young niggas comin' in with the bananas?
They heard you been ridin' around in the Phantom, they watchin', they know that you got it
I put my ho on the mission, she fucked him, she watchin' his pocket
Where is my ski? I'm gon' have to kill 'em, I must have forgot it
Go get the F&N, cock it, screw it on, I kill you in silence
Wait, I thought he was straight, so why he keep hoopin' and hollerin'?
I was rappin' and robbin' while you niggas was callin' tip offin
Hit the lick for a Tec and a carbon
Write his name in with the permanent marker
I pull out the Glock and I aim at your carcass
Offset for president, vote me in office
I be movin' the dope from Dakota to Boston
I maneuver through niggas, you talk, they gon' off you
How you gangster when you graduated from law school?
When the police pull up you the one that they talk to
Watch out for your partner, he work with the law too
Fuck it, knock him off, I hate that I lost you
When I beat the nigga, tried to bring out a lawsuit
That's the type of shit a copper gon' do
Beg for your life like a hostage gon' do
I'm pimpin' your bitch in Vegas prostitutin'
Robbin' you niggas, fuck it, then I'm shootin'
If I rob you on accident, call up Ken Nugent
Qua' rock that nigga, he thought it was bookie
Head for Somalian, cook up some cookies

[Hook: Quavo]
Coppers and robbers, coppers and robbers
Coppers and robbers
You wanna play? You wanna play?
Coppers and robbers, coppers and robbers
You wanna play? You wanna play?
Coppers and robbers

[Verse 3: Takeoff]
Coppers, robbers, mobsters, lobsters
Audi R8, no Charger
Private jet land in Pearl Harbor
Comin' up I was a robber
If it was worth the wrapper we did rob ya
Can't fuck with these niggas, they fakin', hatin', writin' statements in permanent markers
Money come back like it's karma
Diamonds, they bitin', piranhas
Make that bitch work, Rihanna
No Tarzan, but the jungle I conquer
Run with that work, don't fumble
Run with it Forrest, don't fumble
Rob a nigga like I'm Curtis Snow
But move like I'm Barrack Obama
I know a copper when I see a copper from  robbin' niggas, let's be honest
Takin' the adventurous trips, Jumanji, stashin' money in the dungeon
The difference between us fourth down, I'm goin' for it and you puntin'
After I fuck her the first round, tell that bitch not to touch me
Nigga's face look disgustin', come out cookie blunt musty
Bad bitch but she busty, she gon' take the charge for me
Kick in the door nigga, run it, make a move and leave ya ugly
What they sayin'? The cops comin', pussy nigga called the cops on me

[Hook: Quavo]
Coppers and robbers, coppers and robbers
Coppers and robbers
You wanna play? You wanna play?
Coppers and robbers, coppers and robbers
You wanna play? You wanna play?
Coppers and robbers