[Intro]
Tsunami warning

[Chorus: Quavo]
You the one that's tryna keep your business low-key, huh? (huh?)
You the one that's having your main nigga, can't get no sleep, huh? (Sleep, hey)
You the one who walk around on fleek, huh? (Fleek)
You the one that started from the bottom but you've reached your peak, huh? (Peak, peak)
You taught her how to swallow with no teeth, huh?
Make them dollars out the street, huh? (Cash)
Baddest bitch you ever seen, huh? (Bad)
You the one who split the guap with your team, huh? (Split it)
You the one who drink a lotta codeine, huh? (Drank)
Ayy, ayy I like this shit, this shit take me back to the '99, 2000

[Verse 1: Drake]
Ayy, ayy, I got shorties out tryna find me, that look
Slipping through the cracks 'cause I'm slimy, I slipped
Chain wetter than a river you could cry me
Quick to Timberlake a bitch, now she despise me, I swear
I just let the money energize me
Nigga, you was in your 20s in the '90s, yeah
I just order Phantoms off the website
They ask how I want the shit, I say, "Surprise me"
Ayy, yeah, look
She wanna hang when the album drop, that's timely
Ayy, got a present for my oppers, word to Smiley
I know her man, gotta move her from beside me I swear

[Verse 2: Quavo]
She got ice in all her veins (All the ice)
She gon' change worrying about the wrong things (Wrong thing)
If the paparazzi catch her, she'll be famous (Flash)
Got to move low-key with the gangsters
Do what you do girl, flex with your gang (Flex)
Let's call the boys up (BM) Lambos gon' swing (Skrrt)
Who that making noise? (Who?) Gang-Gang (Who?)
Got a new crib, with a shooting range, get a professional aim (pow)
You was up, now you fell off (Hey)
Then you pull up, all cap better knock it off (Cap)
I might get caught with my side bitch (Gang)
'Cause I put my main bitch in the cockpit

[Bridge: Quavo]
Bad bitches and they lit (Woo)
I just told 'em, "Flip the switch" (Flip it)
Gang 'round, with the shits (Switch it)
I just told 'em, "Flip the switch" (Hey)
(Flip it, flip it, flip it, flip it)
Switch it
(Flip it, flip it, flip it, flip it)
Flip that ho switch
(Flip it!)

[Chorus: Quavo]
You the one that's tryna keep your business low-key, huh? (Huh?)
You the one that's having your main nigga, can't get no sleep, huh? (Sleep, hey)
You the one who walk around on fleek, huh? (Fleek)
You the one that started from the bottom but you reached your peak, huh? (Peak, peak)
You taught her how to swallow with no teeth, huh?
Make them dollars out the street, huh? (Cash)
Baddest bitch you ever seen, huh? (Bad)
You the one who split the guap with your team, huh? (Split it)
You the one who drink a lotta codeine, huh? (Drank)