[Part I: Oh My]

[Intro: Travis Scott]
Yeah!

[Chorus: Travis Scott & Quavo]
Oh my, oh my
Oh my, oh my
I've been up for a long time, oh my
Oh my, oh my
Oh my, oh my (oh my, yeah)
Oh my, oh my (ohh)
I've been up for a long time, oh my
Oh my, oh my

[Verse: Travis Scott & Quavo]
I've been up for a long time (ooh), broad day
I've been popping pills (ooh), pouring syrup (ooh),  everyday
Cuzo hanging at my aunty house (bando!) selling ye (uh)
I got shooters dressed in camo (grrra!) oh my
I've been in and out the courthouse, jury tripping
I've been flipping, flipping, syrup sipping (flipping!)
Water whippin' (whippin'!)
Mama kicked me out the house now, oh my (woo!)
I might end up on a couch now (gah!), oh my
I'm on a flight now (yeah!), oh my
LA, at another couch now (uh), oh my
I'm counting up nothing but Benjamins right now (money!), oh my
I'm on a flight now (woo!), we so high
'Bout to get some cash now (cash!), oh my
Got my momma that new house now (momma!), oh my
Now she cannot kick me out now (no!), oh my
I've been up for a long time (La Flame!), oh my (ohh my)

[Chorus: Travis Scott & Quavo]
Oh my, oh my (uh!)
Oh my, oh my (oh my, oh my)
I've been up for a long time (long time), oh my (oh my)
Oh my, oh my (oh my, uh, go!)
Oh my, oh my (oh my)
Oh my (uh!), oh my (oh my)
I've been up for a long time, oh my (long time)
Oh my, oh my (oh-oh-oh-ouu)

[Part II: Dis Side]

[Verse 1: Travis Scott & Quavo]
Wow
Let me tell you a little story about dis side (dis side)
You really can't make it on dis side (dis side)
Lot of lone stars on dis side (dis side)
I feel a lot at home on dis side (ooh)
Ball 'til we fall on dis side (ooh)
Lit late night on dis side (ooh)
You never come around past midnight (ooh)
You miss everything on dis side

[Chorus: Travis Scott & Quavo]
Dis side (dis side), dis side (dis side)
Dis side, dis side, dis side, dis side (uh!)
Dis side (woo!), dis side (ooh)
Dis side, dis side, yeah

[Verse 2: Travis Scott & Quavo]
I made a lot of money on dis side (ooh)
Lost a lot of money on dis side (ooh)
Had my first kiss on dis side (ooh)
Learned a lot of shit about dis side (ooh)
Lately I been thinking 'bout dis side (ooh)
Tryna get back on dis side (ooh)
Tryna get back what's been mine (ooh)
I gotta get back on dis side
Really miss the feeling of the late nights (late nights)
Shit we used to do around midnight (midnight)
Hangin' on the corner, had shit tight (shit tight)
Doin' all the drugs, had to get right (get right)
If I could get my partner back it would be nice (be nice)
He would shoot the one, wouldn't think twice (shoot the one)
He was too involved with the street life (street life)
Only way to live on dis side (dis side)

[Chorus: Travis Scott & Quavo]
Dis side (dis side), dis side (dis side)
Dis side, dis side, dis side, dis side (ohh)
Dis side (dis side), dis side (ohh)
Dis side, dis side, dis side (Migo!)

[Verse 3: Quavo]
Young rich nigga from the Northside
Paid my dues on dis side
Flippin' the bricks on dis side
I made it out the hood, I'm on the other side
All my niggas on dis side (dis side)
Keep it one hundred on dis side
Love to get money on dis side
No new niggas on dis side (dis side)
Look at my diamonds, don't get blind (don't get blind)
You better handcuff your ho with a zip tie (cuff!)
I will take a busta down on dis side (woo)
Broke niggas stand to the left side
"Handsome and Wealthy" on dis side
I came from the bottom
And now I'm on top, that's phenomenal (phenomenal)
Dis side, dis side, dis side, dis side
If I did not make it I wonder where I would go (oh!)
Dis side, dis side (dis side!), dis side (uh!)
Graduated from the midget (woah!)
This the life I was living (woah!)
Graduated to a million (woah!)
It's the money that I'm getting (woah!)
Graduated from a hotbox
Now I'm ridin' 'round in a Bentley (skrrt, skrrt)
This how we do it on-

[Outro: Travis Scott & Quavo]
Dis side, dis side (woo!), dis side (uh!)
Always, always dis side
Dis side, dis side, dis side
That's right, that's right
You never come around past midnight
Midnight, midnight
You know how I like my lean, poured right
Just right, on dis side
Find everything you need, everything you need on dis side
Dis side, dis side, dis side, dis side