[Hook: Quavo]
My wrist like The Rock, people’s elbow
Feds on your block, and they at your door
What you gonna do, flush your work, ho!
Flush the work, ho! Flush the work, ho!
Feds hit your door, better flush that dope
Flush that work, ho! Flush that work, ho!
Flush that work, ho! Flush that work, ho!

[Verse 1: Quavo]
Take that pot, I hit it with the people’s elbow
All red 'rari, there go Elmo
Choppin' bricks, Leonardo, could be Donatello
The heroin is black like puddin', Bill Cosby, Jell-O
Imma need a whole kilo, ain’t talking bout the rapper Kilo
Got bricks on bricks on bricks like Shaquille O’Neil shooting at the free throw
In the bando looking out the peep hole
Quavo, beast mode
I came a long way, finger fucking the bowl
And now I get 45K for a show
QC the label, free promo
My position is quarterback like Tony Romo
Pretty bitches show me cameltoes
I’m balling, Dubai, riding camels ho
Whatchu mean what I got the Phantom for?
Whatchu mean what I got the banana for?
Choppers on me like Osama nigga
No offense to the loss of the towers
You a gangster then you move in silence
If you talking out loud you a coward

[Hook: Quavo]
My wrist like The Rock, people’s elbow
Feds on your block, and they at your door
What you gonna do, flush your work, ho!
Flush the work, ho! Flush the work, ho!
Feds hit your door, better flush that dope
Flush that work, ho! Flush that work, ho!
Flush that work, ho! Flush that work, ho!

[Verse 2: Offset]
Flushing the dope if the boys come
Machine in my wrist like Decepticon
I got a mini 14 with a drum
Lamborghini  black and white just like a nun
Throw a hundred rounds, shit I’m just having fun
Call a Mexican to come and cut the lawn
I got megatons, started with a bum
Whipping up a storm, I’m bout to break my arm
Flush the dope, if the police coming then we shooting at them folks
Standing at the stove, cooking the Marilyn Monroe
She get back to cooking dope and Imma fuck her in the throat
Started from the bottom, we started up on the floor
Versace, Versace, we hit em with the elbow
Run to the money like Usain Bolt
We got way more Os than tic-tac-toes
Walk in Magic City like we walking in the snow
Tyler [?] earlobe, Givenchy on my toe
Cause I made it  think a nigga sold his soul
Trapping gas bags, toss a nigga like a toad
Free all my niggas down the road, I never told
When it’s coke I got the F&N in my coat
Cook a nigga like a pork if the money keep on coming short
Thought I was a joke, I got more bread than a loaf