[Produced by Da Honorable C.N.O.T.E]

[Chorus: Quavo]
Girl you standin' right there lookin' so amazing, oh
So I thought I'd say sum, oh
I thought I'd say sum (oh) I thought I'd say sum (oh)
I thought I'd say sum (yo)
I thought I'd say sum, girl you standin' right there lookin' so
I thought I'd say sum, girl you standin' right there lookin' so
I thought I'd say sum, girl you standin' right there lookin' so
I thought I'd say sum
Girl you standin' right there you lookin' so amazin'

[Verse 1: Quavo]
She 5'5", her hair go down to her ass
I can't lie, she fuckin' with me and cash
Don't make her mad, don't make her mad, don't make her mad, no
Gotta buy her a bag, buy her a bag, buy her a bag
She see what I'm lookin' at
I'm lookin' right there at you
Then why I'm not sayin' nothin'?
'Cause I'm thinkin' 'bout fuckin' you
(What you thinkin' 'bout?) Thinkin' 'bout touchin' you
(What you thinkin' 'bout?) Thinkin' 'bout lovin' you
(What you thinkin' 'bout?) Thinkin' 'bout cuffin' you
(What you thinkin' 'bout?) Thinkin' 'bout rollin' a blunt or two
C'ause I thought I smoke somethin'
And she wanna smoke too
We can take vacation
Open your eyes, we land on the moon

[Chorus: Quavo]
Girl you standin' right there lookin' so amazing, oh
So I thought I'd say sum, oh
I thought I'd say sum (oh) I thought I'd say sum (oh)
I thought I'd say sum (yo)
I thought I'd say sum, girl you standin' right there lookin' so
I thought I'd say sum, girl you standin' right there lookin' so
I thought I'd say sum, girl you standin' right there lookin' so
I thought I'd say sum
Girl you standin' right there you lookin' so amazin'

[Verse 2: Takeoff]
You lookin' real amazin'
I Am Legend perfect picture for an independent lady
Got me thinkin' 'bout what I'ma do to you if you pull up on me you got a nigga waitin' contemplating
She said she not from the city but she been down here for a minute, used to stay in Philly
Wanna ride in the Bentley and take a trip around the city, whatever you wanna do baby I'm with it
She said "Where we headed to? What we finna do?"
Whatever you wanna do
I said where you just came from?
She just came from a photoshoot
She ask me what's YRN
I said that mean Yung Rich Nation
That's another conversation
I'ma tell you about it just be patient
We was just lookin' at you lookin' beautiful wanna know where you come from
Tellin' myself can't let you walk off without Takeoff tellin' you sum
Rolex on your wrist a plain jane
Walkin' stallion and some Balmains
Hold up baby it's just one more thing
So beautiful forgot to ask your name

[Chorus: Quavo]
Girl you standin' right there lookin' so amazin'
Oh, I thought I'd say sum

[Verse 3: Offset]
I gotta say sum
I don't know where she came from
But I know she a stallion
Fuck it I'm 'bout to go say sum
I'm 'bout to go say sum
Excuse me
What is your name?
When your birthday?
What is your sign?
So is mine
All of these bitches so why you want me?
Woah, baby slow down
Ayy baby, ain't gonna play
I'm attracted to the curves on your waist
When you with me you can feel safe
Your hair, nails, and your bills paid
I'm not gon' leave you the wrong way
I'm not gon' feed you the wrong plate
Show you manners like my momma say
You might meet my momma just one day
Tuxedo on feng-shui
Smoke a blunt in peace, Gandhi
Celine on her from the runway
One of one, only one made

[Chorus: Quavo]
Girl you standin' right there lookin' so amazin'
Oh, I thought I'd say sum