[Intro: Kyle & MadeinTYO]
Yeah (Ooh)
Ooh, this is really how I feel
If you wanna know
Yah, ay, mm

[Verse 1: KYLE]
Okay, I'm back (I'm back)
How you tell me I overreact? (Overreact)
When you posted a picture of your ass (Of your ass)
And every little nigga double taps (Tap, tap)
Fuck that, that ain't how it goes (Ain't how it goes)
Oh no, we ain't selling tickets to the show (For sure)
For sure, tell them niggas this screening is closed
So every little thirsty nigga knows

[Chorus: KYLE]
That shit is mine
I don't wanna see that ass online (Yeah)
Stop making it so easy to find (Yep)
Tell them other dudes to get in line (Get in line)
It's all mine, all mine
That just for me
I don't wanna see it in a tweet
Posted up for everyone to see (E'ryone to see)
You know you supposed to send that shit to me (me)
It's all mine, yah, that shit is mine, yah (Ooh)
Must I remind you?
Yah, that shit is mine (Yep, yep)
Must I remind you? (Ooh)

[Verse 2: KYLE]
Hm, I ain't get that memo (The memo)
Baby what you think they made DMs for (What they made DMs for?)
Send that shit to me, I need some inspo' (Some inspo')
I'm in the studio, one pic and I'ma write a hit though (Yeah)
Baby don't take the shit too personal (Personal)
But every pic you take I take it personal (Personal)
I'm overprotective, I'm obsessive, I'm possessive
Every pic you take is part of my collection, don't forget

[Chorus: KYLE & MadeinTYO]
That shit is mine
I don't wanna see that ass online (Yeah)
Stop makin' it so easy to find (Yep)
Tell them other niggas get in line (Get in line)
It's all mine, (hey, yeah) all mine (All mine)
That just for me (Ooh)
I don't wanna see it in a tweet (In a tweet)
Posted up for everyone to see (E'ryone to see)
Baby, you already know that shit for me (Me)
It's all mine, should remind her
Ay, must I remind you? (Oh, oh, oh)
Should remind her (Oh, ayy)
Must I remind you?  (Oh)

[Verse 3: MadeinTYO]
Yeah, oh, shawty too damn cute and her voice is soft (Oh)
Uh, booty so thick I wanna break you off (Skrt!)
My shawty too fire, 300 degrees (Yuh)
Yuh, take you on vacation, diamonds overseas! (Bling, blow)
Give me FaceTime when you missin' me (Hey)
Uh, better catch your wave 'cause I'm goin' deep (Oh)
That bitch is mine, uh (Yah)
Don't wait in line, uh (Yah)
That bitch is fine, uh (Yah)
That bitch is mine, ya (Yah)

[Chorus: KYLE & MadeinTYO]
That shit is mine
I don't wanna see that ass online (Yeah)
Stop making it so easy to find (Yep)
Tell them other niggas get in line (Get in line)
It's all mine, all mine (All mine)
That just for me (Ooh)
I don't wanna see it in a tweet (In a tweet)
Posted up for everyone to see (E'vryone to see)
Baby, you already know that shit for me (Me)
It's all mine, should remind her
Ay, must I remind you? (Oh, oh, oh, oh)
Shit is mine, yah
Ay, must I remind you? (Oh, yeah, yeah)

[Outro: KYLE]
Shit is mine, yeah (Mine, yeah)
Ayy, must I remind ya? ('Mind ya)
Shit is mine, yeah (Remind her)
Ayy, must I remind ya?