[Intro: 24hrs]
Ooh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, ooh
Yeah, yeah, ooh
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, ooh
Ooh, you so Dwn2Earth

[Verse 1: 24hrs]
Man, y'all be capping with y'all come around (yeah)
And this a no cap zone
Damn, y'all niggas don't be pouring up
Damn, my money just be showing up
Private club, Dwn2Earth, yeah he blowing up
She suck my dick, it wasn't good, I'm ignoring her
Two seated, me and my bitch out in Malibu
You should pay my Instagram 'cause it be styling you
Bad bitches on my line all the time
Tell me why these bitches lying all the time
My ex girl said, "Twenty, we should work it out"
I don't wanna work it out

[Chorus: 24hrs]
I spent twenty in a Louis on Rodeo
Lamborghini ridin' with Lil Mayo
Why do you be lying all the time?
I think you be lying all the time
My bih' bad as fuck and she a dime
I'm so glad that I made her mine
Why do y'all be lying all the time?
Why she think I'm lying all the time?

[Verse 2: 24hrs]
I put twenty xans on the drawer
She said, "Twenty, do you got some more?"
Fuck a op, we just gettin' guala, man
Feel like Lil Wayne in this wallet chain
I just fucked her once and she wanted more
Playing Tokyo in Aventador
I got money problems, fuck all my accounts
Pop that champagne ride at Gucci, I spent ten thousand
Rest in peace to Speaker Knockerz, that's my brother
In and out of traffic, I've been playing trouble
Lil' bitch don't call my phone if I ain't text you first
Seven thousand, when we travel, it be in her purse

[Chorus: 24hrs & MadeinTYO]
I spent twenty in a Louis on Rodeo (ooh, ooh, ooh)
Lamborghini ridin' with Lil Mayo (skrrr)
Why do you be lying all the time? (ooh)
I think you be lying all the time (wham, wham)
My bih' bad as fuck and she a dime (skrr!)
I'm so glad that I made her mine (wham)
Why do y'all be lying all the time? (sauce)
Why she think I'm lying all the time? (yeah!)

[Verse 3: MadeinTYO]
Racks on me, tell me what yo check like (rack, rack, rack)
If you spend it with me, it's your best night (racks)
Baby, I'm on drugs, I'm drippin' on ross (drip, drip)
Prada on my pants, I don't give a fuck (yeah, yeah, yeah)
She running out of xans, I had to hit my plug (yah)
Couple minutes later, she just wanna fuck (yaah)
Hit it from the back, she think that I'm in love (ooh, uh)
Hit it from the back, she think that I'm in love (uh, uh)
Didn't wanna fuck me then, you a dub (dub!)
Didn't wanna fuck me then, you a dub (dub!)
Didn't wanna fuck me then, you a dub (dub!)
Hit it from the back, she think that I'm in love (skrrr!)

[Chorus: 24hrs]
I spent twenty in a Louis on Rodeo
Lamborghini ridin' with Lil Mayo
Why do you be lying all the time?
I think you be lying all the time
My bih' bad as fuck and she a dime
I'm so glad that I made her mine
Why do y'all be lying all the time?
Why she think I'm lying all the time?

[Outro]
Ha, ha, ha!
What up, Slick?
Ha, ha, ha