[Intro: Mannie Fresh]
Ladies and Gentlemen, boys and girls, lil' children, dogs and cats
Right about now you are listening to the incredible drum patterns of
DJ Mannie, Fresh, Fresh, Fresh
Fresh, Fresh, Fresh, Fresh
Fresh, Fresh, Fresh, Fresh
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN!

[Hook] (2x)
[Mannie Fresh]
I'mma buy cars
I'mma get clothes
I'mma rock jewels
I'mma fuck hoes,
I'mma smoke weed
Got alot of drinks
Steppin out; gators
Coca-Cola mink
[Juvenile]
I need it in my life
I want it in my life
Come put it in my life
I'mma keep it in my life

[Verse 1: Juvenile]
Its that nigga Juve, from the Magnolia, still loc'in
You hoes know what's happenin' with me, bust that pussy open
Loose titty, loose booty, round down and up
If a gangsta can't touch it, what you bouncin it fu'
Now give me leadway, watch how a G play
Watch how my name get caught up in he and she say
It's UTP day, we what the streets made,
They represent us when they hear us at the DJs!
Break bread with me, nigga, is you mad with me?
Thought we was people, y'all supposed to spend ya cash with me
I mean ya last with me, hold me down
Give me a whip, give me a bitch, and let her blow me down!
I'm so gutta, I'm so slick, I'm so grimy
I promise you something, and I bet you ya don't find me,
Look, I'mma eat, purchase whatever I please
CO, give me the ki's or a brick, I need two of these!

[Hook] (2x)

[Verse 2: Juvenile]
I'mma be so courageous, and so contagious
'Til my fuckin rap sheets gonna receive mo' pages
Listen to Juve cause this my year mon (my year mon)
+400 Degreez+ and I'm bout to kick it in gear mon (in gear mon)
Don't you see the soldiers and vogues when I appear mon (appear mon)
About bein written on my face cause I don't fear none (don't fear none)
Me and my team got a scheme to go light the block up
Skip's movin' the work, and Wacko poppin' the chopper
I scream the "U" cause I mean it
The difference is you be throwin yo' shit up when you scream it - I seen it!
Shit all the obstacles that I been through
What made you think, I'mma be scared of a bitch like you?
I'm ya dawg, let me get it on consignment
You ain't paid them last people yet, dawg, don't even remind me
I gained knowledge, my game polished and it's obvious
You can't block it, you can't knock it, this is profit!

[Hook] (2x)

[Verse 3: Juvenile]
Can I untape the clips and chill?
Show my niggas it's real?
Can my people shop in Beverly Hills?
I got a lot of work I know that's gonna be ahead of me still
But my beast mentality gon' keep me ahead of the field!
Pardon me, but I got paper to chase
Now cut through the talking and bring me straight to the safe
I know where the cameras at and I'm destroying the tape
I'm not leaving no evidence for the forensic to trace,
I got a problem on my hand, a few bills I ain't been payin'
I figured about a lil' less than 75 grand
And my dog Rocky caught a nickel for a pistol
Its serious when the federales comin' to get you!
Life is at a standstill out here in this damn field
What you say can get you and ya mans killed
It's my last chance to come up, its gotta be it
Juvi comin' out, the first-round lottery pick!

[Hook] (2x)