[wacko]
Uh huh Remix...Remix....

Wacko, Juvenile, Skip!
Hollaback....

Where H-town at..ATL at..Miami, Lil Haiti, Lauderdale at...

[Chorus]
Ya'll hear dat Nolia clap?
Ya'll hear dat Nolia clap?

I say da U gon do dey thing wodie please believe
If not we'll make it hard for u cowards to breave
One thing about a ghost, keeps sh* up a sleeve
Juve and skip attack the boards, while I plug em wit 3's

Every stash spot i got, I stuff it wit g's
Don't need a chain or a whip to snatch me a freak..
I'd rather ride around in my hooptie blowin on trees
With two heaters in my lap..bumpin 400 degreez

I 'on rock wit juvenile. what clown? datz my dawg..
Say dat sh* again I'll wack all ya'll
Get on some bo? sh*...smack all ya'll
Prolly get on dat rob sh*...crack all ya'll

I neva talk sideways I put ya on da highway
Have ya sweatin in da chicken coop like smokey off Friday
Catch ya in da nolia have ya runnin down da driveway
Tryna bring ya down ? Yippe Ka Yay

Where da Bay at...to dat 'lay at

Where dem teks, where dem 9's, where dem k's at

[Chorus]
West coast whats up, west side whats up

Where NY at..., NJ at, Philly philly, b -, V A at

[Chorus]
East coast whassup, east side whassup

[Skip:]
I'm straight hollygrove ya know dat
But I'm ol' skool, fisher projek like a throwback
Now I told you now you know dat
You ain't welcome here, you ain't see I'm Gone on my doormat
So stupid why...you ain't abide by dat
If I catch you on my porch, you gon die by dat
Right there, by them leaves..you can lie by dat
On side of dat dog doo doo, you can dry like dat
Cause this is payback for anyone who eva said dat
Look, I'm safe wit this vest...Gon get his head packed
Or get his face slashed, get his neck jooked
Look in my face...this how death look
If ya deaf look, I won't play witcha
Gun talk is all I'm gonna say to ya
So learn to read lips...cause see we tripz
Every time dat alk and dem trees mix

Where da Row at, Interscope at... Choppa City, Universal, Cut Throat at...

[Chorus]
Where my pimps wassup, all my playaz wassup

Where UTP at, Crime Lab at, Rap A Lot, DTP, Aftermath at

[Chorus]
All my souljas wassup, all my gangstas wassup

[new Chorus]
Utpiggidys on the stage smokin that triggady
Me and my nigga juve just got this bitch off the higgady
Wassup wassup wassup wassup wassup wassup wassup wassup wassup wassup
(repeat)
[juvenile]
I guess im the bad guy in this movie...dente dente dente dente here come juvie
My courtway dont have no life we dont have nothing but shootouts and murdas we dont have no fights ya know
You need a chance imma show ya a lick have em' gift wrapped and packed and sent out to his bitch
Hope his face be a diary lookin for a way out
Believing in the gun but i know one day its gone play out
Trust me here cause this is utp day now
When we hit the projects you know the rain gone faze out
Wavin them rags stayin close to the stash
My bitch gone put it in the bags when the popos pass
But they gone fuck with me anyway cause they know my mag
And they really dont appreciate the way i brag
Ive got 50,000 dollars in my grill cause i stay juved worry bout me dont u worry bout what a bitch do

(chorus)