Man 1: Man, bitch i just bumped into my dawg juve, now bitch he gave me 3 invitations to his big bash tonight
Female: Who Juve!?
Man 1: Yeeeah, man. What, you ain't know?
Female:Whaaaaat, i know a bitch can be down
Man 1: Man you can be down, you can come around, you can sit down. I'll tell you what... you be ready for 12 midnight, exactly midnight, cause
I - I got a invitation at 6, we got to be.. in there
Female: Fo sho, imma get me in there
Man 1: Yeah you got that, i'll tell you what... you just go home and get sexy... and uhh, we gon' come and get you tonight
Man 2: Man i dont know why you done sold that broad that dream, man
Man 1: Man, what you talkin bout?
Man 2: You know you dont know them people, man !
Man 1: Now there you go again with this foolishness man
Man 2: Man you ain't know them people 3 years ago man. We got chased off the port, I done been - been, chased by chinese people
Man 1: You didn't get caught!
Man 2: Yeah, you got cornered too, but we still didn't get in the party man
Man 1: I- I handled that,I- I took care of that though. But look, i'll tell you what... look at this- (gets cut off by man 2)
Man 2 : Yeah, you got beat up to take care of it, man !! They- they beat you so bad.. they had to let us in. And then the party was over after we walked in
Man 1: I was the superstar that night, though
Man 2: Yeah, you was super stupid
Man 1: I might've walked funny, but I was the superstar that night
Man 2: Super stupid. Imma roll with you, cause you my dawg
Man 1: Right, right, thats all- thats all im ask- thats all im asking, thats all im asking
Man 2: Cause I know we ain't gettin in this party, cause I know you dont know none of them people
Man 1: Man, I know Juvenile, I know his brother, I know lil... I-I-- (gets cut off by man 2)
Man 2: Whats his brother name?
Man 1: Ummm..- (gets cut off by man 2)
Man 2: Man, you dont know them people
Man 1: Alright, I..., man you ain't even much gotta cut me off like that
Man 2: Cause you dont know 'em, man
Man 1 : Alright, alright, alr-.. Imma know 'em tonight though
Man 2: Alright bruh. What time you want me to pick you up, dawg?
Man 1: I told her 12, so you can come get me for.. 11:30, so it can look like I'm driving

Music fades off