(Chorus)- I came from the streets homeboy, I get mine and I gon let you stop my grind. There ain't no way, no way. Imma let a motherfucker come stop me. To getting this cheese to getting this dough. Ain't no way no way imma let a motherfucker come stop me
Juvenile

You can't stop the train little nigga, im a chew chew. Probably ain't feelin like me cos you ain't used too. Living like this cos little wawday you broke. Searchin for a hustle every where dat you go. Lookin like a snail cos you moving too slow, Trying hard as hell, but you need to do more. But that's on you boy, cos imma do juvie. Watch that wawdy you stepped on my guccis. Money don't make me money don't move matta fact money ain't shit to me truely. Haters know I got it, and they say they gonna abuse me bitch. I don't know who the fuck they confuse me wit. Ain't stoppin me from gettin what I usually get. ????????. I don't care how many goons you wit you can mess around and catch a zulu fit

(Chorus)
Youngin

Ugh 18 young and gettin big money, haha and nigga ain't shit funny. I get money strapped with a ??. It might be under my arm like right guard. I say im in a swamp with white hard. And in that water like a life guard. I'm from the Big Easy ohh But life hard. So when I spit niggas get like lard. I did it like OJ, Made em all stop like a 4-way. No way imma let a motherfucker come stop me. I got Me as sure as I got chu, Im a street fighter like Ryu. Kin and em, left and right im sending them. Splittin with ease, gettin cheese

(Chorus)
Kango Slim

I said everytime, this gon be my last time. This my last goal this gon be my last grind. Addicted to the shine, streets got me caught up. Hustlin gettin mine that's how I was brought up. Mama always say I shouldn't do the things I do. But mickey d's can't buy me no gucci shoes. Or them louie loafers, or a maybach. I love weed mama 800 for the sack. Im up early I didn't go to sleep last night. Im on the junkie flight tryin to get my fetti right. Im tryin to serve dem hard and your boy too. Those my customers you know who they belong too. Jealous nigga hatin on a niggas pocket. I got product guranteed to make a nigga profit