[Hook:]
Ain't no sense to bitch about it
Cause you all know what's gone wrong
Late at night, when you're in your bed
The bad don't seem so wrong

[Verse 1: Lupe Fiasco]
Tryin' to justify the violence, reconcile in silence
Dress it up in fancy clothes. Wash it down with diamonds
Drown it out with music. Act like they don't apply to you
Look how wobbly the rules is. You probly could improve if
You was in charge, maybe runnin' thangs
You was involved things would be different
Maybe you could make a difference
Or probably not and things would stay the same
And you go to sleep at night
Knowin things will never change
Wake up in the mornin and you feelin kinda strange
Don't remember last night, so you back at it again
Turn back up your music. Put back on your chains
Fasten on your watch and slide on all your rings
Put back on your glasses that block out all the pain
Hit yo niggas on the phone, and tell em that it's on (Tell em that it's on)

[Hook]
Ain't no sense to bitch about it
Cause you all know what's gone wrong
Late at night, when you're in your bed
The Bad Don't Seem So Wrong

[Verse 2: Trae]
Destined to be a winner. Tryin to pick up where the rest lose
Prayin to the Father, tryin' to figure out your next move
Pain across your face and still you wear it like your best shoes
But yet, you no accept it, cause it just might be your best news
Nothin taken for granted, still you searchin for an answer
Your fightin to be sane, your momma fightin with cancer
Father ain't around, so now you gotta be the man, now
Tomorrow ain't ever promised so you gotta take a stand now
Hard times seem to be the only thing you understand
Fuck seein a mil, you tryin to make it to a couple grand
Even with a couple grand, you gotta try to make it last
You ridin for the fam knowin the Devil tryin' to make ya crash
You gotta hold on, homie if you only knew
Never quit, knowin somebody doin' worse than you

[Hook]
Ain't no sense to bitch about it
Cause you all know what's gone wrong
Late at night, when you're in your bed
The Bad Don't Seem So Wrong

[Verse 3: Trae]
You on the only road to give up. Strugglin where your heart at
Though death is where you end up, they tell me that's where we start at
Either way, you gon make em remember you
Just pray you don't get stuck in homicide for that interview
You ended up in tears when all you wanted was a smile
(All the while) Lookin for hope you end up losin as a child
Realizin nothin helps to take the the pain away
Cause if it was somethin that numb away the feelinm
You'd pray to God to situate a day
It's hard to keep it. Stand up. You're leanin on your last leg
The pressure tryin' to weigh in. You just ran out your last bread
Window of opportunity feelin like it just shut more
They tell you to be thankful. Your response for em is "what for? "
It seem like everybody else in a better position
Only thing else left to do is open up your ears and listen

[Hook]
Ain't no sense to bitch about it
Cause you all know what's gone wrong
Late at night, when you're in your bed
The Bad Don't Seem So Wrong