[Intro]
Yessir!
What up Shinobi? Suzie, what up?
As-salaam aleikum, uh, yeah
What up Chi-Town? What up, Westside?
What up, everywhere else in the world?
Haha! President Carter, what up?

[Verse]
Dear Fall! You might not know what my album is called
It's "Lupe Fiasco's Food & Liquor"
God willing, September is when I plan to fall
I mean drop like the temperature
Then rock on right through the winter
Put something on they mind, give em lines to remember
Aw! a lifetime remembered, which is mine
Then recorded, put it in Georges then rewind then look into
My mis-adventures, adventures into the Underworld
Hanging with them Cover Girls, this ain't my enter, nawww
On Arista, I coulda been a contender
But BMG had a different agenda
What up, LA Reid? I still see ya
You still my homeboy, won't even charge ya for a feature
I went from MC to being MS
That's "microphone controller" to "motivational Speaker"
Niggas, astaghfirullah, I'm not a prophet
But Fahrenheit 1/15 is being quoted by preachers
Far from being a leader
But I'm still being invited by teachers
With no Hennessy, and no reefer
Give him a hand, I came from hand-me-down sneakers
And I don't wanna boast or brag
But for what most niggas hope, a nigga done had
Chop game with my folk and split it in half
You ain't gotta bring it back tomorrow, a nigga can have
Rich or broke, a nigga ain't mad
Self-esteem will make a Regal ride like a Silver Seraph
Just wipe the french fries off the seat
Lean back, and I tilt my hat, uh!
And nod my head to the baseline
Freebase to the 8 times at Baseline watching Jay put it together
I wonder if he knew
While he was mumbling that this would push Lupe forever
Together, with the FNF crew
Atlantic on post, proudly present to you, uh!
Some new,something fresh, something different
A lil to the left, a lil upliftin'
A lil good game, a lil hustlin' in it
Some SB Nikes, some nice crushed linen
Don't forget the skateboard, of course, the nice women
Can I get a mic check? And a lil light dimming?
And a fresh bottle of Voss, maybe with some light lemon?
And you gotta blame my momma for the lil light-skinning
And this ain't written, I swear, Autumn
I was just recording 'em as I thought em
A YG, FNF U-P
23-year-old VP
With a flow like Laudanum, that'll getcha sleepy
But soon as they nod off, that's when I smelling-salt 'em
What up, Madison Street?
How they gonna keep us off them? PEACE