[Intro]
I gotta be more than just an average man with you, I gotta set a mark that can nobody… umm… touch. Then when I set that mark I’m gonna make it. What the rap audience ain’t ready for is a real person. You know what I wanna say: a real N-I-G-G-A. There’s no place that I won’t go. Not feeling but if you got love and you putting out real shit, people need that. If you kicking that shit from your heart, people go wherever your heart want you to go. But if you kicking that shit from the white folks’ office, the white folks gonna have to tell you to leave


[Hook]
What is an inspiration? What goals are you setting?
Take a toll of your best and [?] coming and they leaving
Yeah, we shine bright like solar power, bitch
We shine bright like solar power
Started with a quarter then we flipped it to a dollar
Plus a nickel made a quarter and a penny made a nickel
So what's your inspiration, bitch?
We shine bright like solar power

[Verse 1: Lupe Fiasco]
Dynasty, dynasty, empire ain’t inspire me
On the regular I really be feeling so finally
Season though you in the past I’m in the post, need a coach
Toupée only fake shit that will ever ever rhyme with me
Do the most, not the mouse, gorillas all up in my clique
Drag racing in the row, never get on side of me
Sometimes get some paper, sometimes do it psychically
Sometimes ask them spirits man, ghosts wanna write with me
Call that bed a Slimer, eyes up on your diner
Pull us through look to your bar and eat up all your rhymers
Bitches do the dishes, I spit back up your china
It's so mean and vicious, don’t know how to be kinder
This one for my niggas, down there by the bayou
This one for my niggas, I die before we rivals
This one for my niggas, from the west-side Chi too
Rest of y’all just insects, get fed to my windshield wipers

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Disaster]
Playing with bitches, sadiddy strippers in hipster city
Semi's spitting from little niggas on every corner
[?] where I was brought up you sure you line up and they addy point ya
You dream too hard then these niggas be out to Freddy claw you
Stop repping on the little shit you got, nigga
Before them goons draw the fold like a block schedule
All they need is the green light like John Legend
Gotta do it for the city like I’m Tom Vincent
[?] since my mom left me
Too many deaths made my mom wonder
Like life crazy, never know when your time coming
These shots floating bout to blow like cocksuckers
Yeah, Will Walls told me kill em all
Told me never stop the music, told me keep it going
I hate math so it's hard to try to even odds
Haters don’t start any game, get the season all good

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Imagine a nigga nineteen, one case pending
Ain't shit different, just another way of living
Got to move a bitch smarter, but niggas still got caught up
When they caught that burner other charges had got brought up
(inspiration
Inspiration, inspiration
Inspiration
Inspiration, inspiration)
Talked to T-real, he told me to keep it real
[?] my nigga been gone a year
Since then I face [?] my lawyer got me a deal
Then I convinced my mind set on getting a record deal
So what's your inspiration? What goals are you setting?
Bitch you better count your blessings
Cause your niggas get to snatched up
My inspiration stronger than some steroids
But painkillers still needed for the brain boy

[Hook]

[Outro]
I would die. It's the spark. Somebody else watching us. We might not be the ones. But lets not be selfish and because we not gonna change the world let's not talk about how we should change the world. [?] anywhere I go you can check my pockets, anything is tapes. Hip hop. You know, I don't even listen to the, it don’t gotta be the nigga that's platinum. It could be some underground tape I got from Chicago, but I spread that shit around. You know, I really do enjoy the music, I like that hardcore shit. I think it's good. It get me through a lot of shit. You know, it get me through a lot to know another niggas feeling what I feel