Intro: Malcolm X- There's a worldwide revolution going in.In my opinion the young generation of white, black, brown, whatever else there is, your living at a time of extremism, a time of revolution.What is revolting a game? A power structure. The American power structure? No. The French power structure? No. Then what power structure? An international Western power structure. And I for one will join in with anyone, don't care what you are. As long as you wanna change this miserable condition that exist on this earth. There's got to be a change, people in power have miss-used, and now there has to be a change, and a better world has to be built, and the only way its going to be built is with extreme method. So what you and I have got to do is get involved. You and I have to be right there breathing down there throat. Every-time they look over their shoulders, we want them to see us. Once those intentions have made notice, we can't to the navy- of the problem, we can get to to the core of the problem,we can get to the root of the problem, and then we can correct the problem

[Hook]
I don’t, I don’t want no, Obama, Obama Nation
I’m not gonna, vote for your inauguration
Cause I don’t need your, Obama, Obama Nation
I’m not gonna

Limbaugh is a racist, Glenn Beck is a racist
Gaza strip was getting bombed, Obama didn’t say shit

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Heavenly Father may I holla at you briefly
I wanna meet the President, but will he meet me?
He's scared to look inside the eyes of a Thug Nigga
We tired of being scapegoats for this capitalistic drug dealing
How hypocritical is Liberty?
That blind bitch ain't never did shit for me
My history, full of casket and scars
My own black nation at war, whole family behind bars
And they wonder why we scarred, thirteen looking hard
Sister had a baby as an adolescent, where was God?
Somewhere in the middle of my mind
Is a nigga on the tightrope, screaming "Let him die"
Can't lie I'm a thug, drowning in my own blood
Looking for the reason that my momma's strung out on drugs
Figure if we high they can train us
But then America fucked up and blamed us
Down to die, for everything I represent
Meant every word, in my letter to the President

[Hook]

[Verse 2: M-1]
After you divorce yourself from the right wing
Propaganda campaign, it’s all simple and plain
America customed the game
Your President got an African name, now who you gonna blame?
When they drop them bombs out of them planes
Using depleted uranium, babies looking like two headed aliens
Follow the money trail it leads to the criminal
Ain’t nothing subliminal to it, that’s how they do it
See they game they run, give a fuck if he’s cunning
Articulate and handsome, Afghanistan held for ransom
By the hand of this black man, neo-colonial puppet
White power with a black face, he said fuck it i’ll do it
A master of disguise, expert at telling lies
Then they gave him a Nobel Peace Price
Should of known he was trained in Chicago
Word to Chairmen Freddy, Mark Clark
What they do in the dark will come out in the light
Like a WikiLeaks site
So I guess Nkrumah was right, who’s ready to fight?
Last stage of imperialism, I ain’t kiddin
In the immortal words of Marvin Gaye ‘This ain’t living’

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Black The Ripper]
O-B-A-M-A
You ain’t fooling everyone, I see the games you play
You was V.I.P. at the B.I.C
And we know that’s code name for C.I.A
The same way your cameras are watching us, we’re watching you
Think we’re easy to control you ain’t got a clue
Revolutions on the way, let’s see what you're gonna do
You gonna send the troops? You gonna drop the nukes?
See it’s not where you’re from, it’s where you’re at
He’s sitting in the White House, so who cares if he’s black?
And why’s there still soldiers out there in Iraq?
Natural resources ain’t yours, its theirs, give it back!
You’re just another puppet but I’m not surprised
Look at Colin Powell and Condoleezza Rice
They didn’t change shit, house nigga’s fresh off the slave ship
You’ll all burn in hell even Michelle, Obama Nation

[Hook]

[Verse 4: Lupe Fiasco]
I really think the war on terror is a bunch of bullshit
Just a poor excuse for you to use up all your bullets
How much money does it take to really make a full clip?
9/11, building 7, did they really pull it?
Uh, And a bunch of other coverups
Your child's future was the first to go with budget cuts
If you think that hurts, then wait, here comes the uppercut
The school was garbage in the first place, that's on the up and up
Keep you at the bottom but tease you with the upper crust
You get it, then they move it, so you never keeping up enough
If you turn on TV, all you see's a bunch of "what the fucks"
Dude is dating so and so, blabbering 'bout such and such
And that ain't Jersey Shore, homey, that's the news
And these the same people supposedly telling us the truth
Limbaugh is a racist, Glenn Beck is a racist
Gaza strip was getting bombed, Obama didn’t say shit
That's why I ain't vote for him, next one either
I’m a part of the problem, my problem is I’m peaceful
And I believe in the people, yeah

[Hook]

[Verse 5: Lowkey]
Was the bigger threat from Osama or from Obama?
Military bases from Chagos to Okinawa
I say things that other rappers won’t say
Cause my mind never closed like Guantanamo Bay
Hope you didn’t build a statue or tattoo you arm
Cause the drones are still flying over Pashtunistan
Did he defend the war? No! He extended more
He even had the time to attempt a coup in Ecuador
Morales and Chavez, the state’s are on a hunt for ya
Military now stationed on bases in Columbia
Take a trip to the past and tell em I was right
Ask Ali Abunimah or Jeremiah Wright
Drones over Pakistan, Yemen and Libya
Is Obama the bomber getting ready for Syria?
First black president, the masses were hungry
But the same president just bombed an African country

[Hook]

[Obama]
The Jonas Brothers are here
They're out there somewhere
Sasha and Malia are huge fans
But, boys don't get any ideas
I have two words for you: PREDATOR DRONES
You will never see it coming
(Audience Laughter)
You think I'm joking?