Yeah I know, man
I'm just, I'm a connoisseur baby
It's what you do
You like that? Man, I know you like that
It's an acquired taste
I know what I want because I know what I want
Now give me those in an 11
[Intro: Lupe Fiasco]
Yeah, uh (whoo!)
You know what it is
Danno, what up baby?
As-salamu alaykum, Street Connoisseurs
Mr. Mighty Mighty
1st & 15th
You know Hype Beast's up in this too, right? Kevin, what up man?
We just proudly present to you some
You know, some freshness, you know what I'm talking about
Some swagger, you know what I'm talking about
Lupe

[Verse 1: Lupe Fiasco]
Look at these shoes Joe, you can't find that
Unless you flying to Singapore, homie, you ain't buying that
Remember that line? Well I wasn't lying Black
Matter of fact, homie, it's that time that
I put you up on what we been up to
Uh, just up the ante, it's FNF up, fool
Plus cool multiplied by fresh
Down the West, I swear they never been to such school
But we gon' take 'em there
Assigned seats, take attendance, give 'em detention, make 'em wait in there
Try and learn 'em a little something, give 'em lunch breaks
And God willing, them children will graduate, yeah!
Uh, I do declare
On that there just awful pair--
And they so rare, homie, you can't wear--
Only way you're getting these is if you my heir
Uh-uh, no way nowhere
Got the Streets times the Beast times 1st & 15th
Now player that ain't fair
And don't forget RKF bringing up the rear
Like this y'all, like that y'all
Rodney Mullen's a wrap, nose manual ain't on the track dog
Crept up by the way, they was sellin crack dog
Stepped up to tell them we was never going back, naw
Uh, yeah that's right
Remember by respect and not by hype, uh
So from the minds of two entrepreneurs
1st & 15th meets Street Connoisseurs
Like that y'all, like that y'all, like that y'all, like that y'all
Yeah!

[Outro: Lupe Fiasco]
Street 0404
Connoisseurs
Meets 1st & 15th
It's a match made in heaven, baby
You know what I'm talking about?
I'm saying it had to be literally
Because if God invented everything and he knew everything that was going to happen He had to know that
You know, there was going to be this
Singapore, you know, Chi-town connection going on
You know what I'm saying so it's a match made in heaven, you know what I'm talking about
So just sit back and enjoy
Bada-bing, bada-boom, forget about it