God Blesser
Word Processor
I'm in the nerd I professor
Like confessions but I never snitch
I'm never this
I never swerve off the road and fall into a ditch
But if I did like my car accident I kid
Khalifa, I see ya
And two things I'll never be, I never been a repeater
Always solo, no no, I live like a hobo
Work for billions, maybe millions, not a trillion
Maybe like a trillionaire, have you seein' things that aren't really there
And have you searching for it, this, look
Like my homie thought drug dealing, Kick, Push, how so?
On the outro, so long, on my first shit without 'cha
I'm still the shit, without hoes
Without toilets never spoil it
Royalties trying to oil me
The royal penis is clean your highness
I look down at my finest
Blinded by the shininess of my dick
That's how good she do it
I had it, but I lose it
Losing, that's Lu, that's still my name
I still got fame and no shame, uh
My shit is wild, it's never tame
Your shit is child, your shit is trash, I'll take your chain
Like 50 on stage, Summer Jam shit got me going in the rage!
But then I turn another page
I don't smoke, but I sure do blaze
Blaze niggas like I'm Just Blaze on the beat
MPCs bangin' in the streets
I'm too deep for these niggas to weak
Never sweet and no hurt shes
I'm no Hershey's but her shes love me so
[?] niggas like "Wurd!"
Yours is not better than mine
I ain't gotta curse, fine
Shit, fuck, damn, pussy, other expletives
I never rest, you gonna need sedatives
Shit don't registers
I am like a teller with propellers, I fly
And I count cash fella
I bounce pass shout to Dame Dash, yella
Yes sir, it's like a MC for NWA NGs mp3s
I keep 45 calibre's, HKs and MP3s for these Gs
Shout to GDs, shout to BDs and MC and Mickey Cobras
We need the peace treaty for the summer
Free Rondo! By him a condo, shout out to Lil Durk
OTF Nunu rest in peace
Hope you just was a lil hurt, nothing you need to get snubbed over
Put the guns down like Chance say
You see Beyonce on the knees, yea
[?]
You see me ride through the hood in the Maybach, stay back
Glocks shootin' way back my aim's too far
I'm too far gone, [?] my arms, yea, they reach
Like I'm Mr Fantastic, you sit down, lil bastard
[?] snatch purses offa these girls
Nigga dontchu know, I run these worlds
From Pluto back to Mars
Back to back with these cars I got Cobras, Ferraris
Everything you can't follow me
[?] your doors, sit up
And I ain't e'en got them bitches what!
Shout out to Nipsey Hussle, shout out to my boy Ty Dolla
Gon' make 'em holla
Everything look better with a bitch next to it
That's the next single, nigga, watch 'em play the music
I might go platinum or I might go plutonium
I don't even know
Any plaque you know I'm holdin' [?]
I'm from the 'Go, never stop, on the row
Gettin' dough on the low
Lupe Fiasco