[Hook: Count]
If you shoot him in the arm
Bet he coming back again
This is zombie land, this is zombie land
If you want a nigga dead, better shoot him in the head
This is zombie land, this is zombie land
Everybody tryna eat, real hustlers don't sleep!
This is zombie land, this is zombie land
Better open up your eyes, they'll eat your ass alive!
This is zombie land, this is zombie land

[Verse 1: Count]
Zombies need to wake up, somebody need to shake up
Fuck a iron, we can save time with the staplers
Capers, burglaries, serving these crack fiends
Talking about swapping out your work for a flat screen
Police they roll deep, dope fiends, they OD
The ? blows back-to-back, funeral's are holy
No sleep insomniac but its a full moon tonight
Count Drac, they call me that cause I'm allergic to the light
Supposed to die from the shit that they was shooting
Got em 20 something times man, a nigga can't be human
They hit him with a SK, surgery, X-ray
Strapped a shitbag on him, sent him home the next day
Could see it in his face, ain't touch his dinner tray
Just in his cell pacing back and forth in a daze
Waiting for that contraband to make it past body scan
Can't help him: welcome to zombie land!

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Moonie]
Can't kill me with a silver bullet, think before you pull it
Can't stab me with a dagger, I'm in black nigga hooded
Good riddens, rock-a-bye by ya baby we don't pass em out
You crazy, only way to make it here is
Human sacrifice of life, we ain't satisfied
We don't trying to rationalize
War time, shoot any cop we see, passers-by
Night of the living dead epidemic
Sell a fiend a bad rock, he try to come back and kill ya
It's alive! Young Frankenstein
See the screws in my head so a nigga won't lose his mind
Crazy am I.. funny you should ask
Mummy-wrap a nigga, now put the money in the bag
Yea, I'm coming for you homie, hear them footsteps?
You paranoid cause ain't nobody in your hood left
Yeah, have you ever played the Quiet Game?
Put this banger in your mouth and swallow the entire thing!

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Lupe Fiasco]
These horror stories and tales from the dark side
You know who I is, on my gig like a hard drive
You know how I work: Voorhees every verse
Th-th-these horror stories and tales from the Dark Side
You know who I is, on my gig like a hard drive
You know how I work: Vorhees every verse
Dexter under pressure, when I'm not I'm even worse
Streets go crazy every time the moon lifts
Wolves on the prowl now, witches on the broomsticks
You can hear em cry out, hollers and the screams
I just sit back and smile call me Happy Halloween!
But no Pumpkin Head nigga
Slept on what I said, now Fred up in bed with ya
Never been sweet, not even in my dreams
Loyalty and royalty, call me Stephen King
I mean, gave you The Cool like Fonzie
Biggie Smalls' ghost, 2Pac's zombie
Count on the cook, Moonie on the look
Hitchcock on the beat, Candyman on the hook!

[Hook]