Honesty is the key
Getting crossed out, where is my line?

Did I get crossed out?
Absolutely, everybody's etched in a little piece of themselves, we're sweating though
Fountain of youth like Isabelles and Jesabelles
No wedding bells, Queen Elizabeth
Holy motherfucker smack your gauntlet into a labyrinth
Escher crustified seen through walls
Hand-carved puppets don't make a madman out of gods gifts
X marks something magnificent if its meant to be
And I am me and Daddy Kev, welcome to my odditorium
Lets make molehills of insecticide what dreams are made of in and about
With all limbs dancing as one
It's a masterpiece and they're invited, who's sweating?
Wake the waves we throwing tantrums who's catching this
Jathan vs. the Spice Girls
Ideas thrown at random
Time is to waste and I'm an archangel
Slaying every cliche I've ever thrown where's the diss in that?
I'm dissing languages, what's the point?
Everyone is called out
Numbers in everything, decode my dick
I ain't Linda Tripping this is my stadium
Another gift of gab I suppose
Everyone ought to change their clothes
These girls are angels apparently God lives in Seattle
Jathan is the CEO in a desk if air, salute the aliens before they melt omega6
I've been sacrificed to a volcano check it out
I'm a big word paraphrasing moments of genius
Imagine my eyes burning every time I'm reading this
If it's meant to cry, I guess all people are meant to die
What is it you're looking at?
There's a hole in my chest, call it heartache
Sole's a ventriloquist, antagonist, anti-chatterbox shit, trucker
Wannabe soothsayer, rhymesayer, ? ? ?, human waterfall
Irony is whatever
Oh look I slit my wrists
So I'm supposed to be a lantern landing in animation abandoning all these human traits
You're all in bondage, bon voyage
We keep it in accompaniment, suggest professionalism
Throw up your W's, ask questions
This is a questionnaire, but you've abandoned your god
Where are we all godforsaken in a makeshift writers workshop all alone
We in a makeshift writers workshop all by myself
Where are my planets?
We are all planets in plainclothes walking in line
Where's the irony in that?
This is my office who are you yelling at?
Drink your Santa shit, take that smart shit elsewhere
I'm practicing being dumb, don't tempt me
I can take off my shirt
Black and yellow photographs that shit is dead
Sole is my epitaph that makes it the farewell slash entrance like never before so do whatever
Everyone is on the floor this is a stickup
You're being raped for your innocence, so I'll rob you blind for what that's worth
I love my mother and Amanda's dreadlocks it's over
Take your picture leave me alone, this isn't even me
Paint Tim Holland naked, read it and weep
Wipe that thought off your face I'm on an ego trip
So where's my trophy who wins humanity 1999
1200 hobos those numbers make sense
We make up a percentage a defense brainwashing pestilence
It's all about advertising, can I rent space in your mind?
It's all about merchandising
I'm so underground, I wake up at 7:30 and I still ain't dead
It's all about if I don't come down and get off this irony
Coming off hard, one thousand ideas a symphony
Let's dance, sex symbol sympathy time for ambush
Eight twilights in a frame all eyes on Portland, Maine, M.E
This is my god complex and you're all shareholders
Hold hands, can I get an om, or a loan?
I'll pay you back over my dead body
Still torn and stillborn, I'm still adding names
Next time it will be more like "dear society"
I'm a live poet still fermenting and ending any explanation on this expedition we call hip hop
And I think it's the greatest waste of time ever shat
Where's my sarcasm
It's actually sincerity when I rap it's what I do
All hip hop is something I listen to when I know what I'm not talking about
Or insinuating disclaimer everything I write is a diss song
This time I'm talking about things I can't change
We'll always be hungry and piloting figures
When in the end we should have been building skyscrapers
This is my planet, I'll have my people talk to your people
I'm not weird and everybody's bored
So let's be important while we're writing hand gestures give me some oceans
We're orphans and organs in a well in a porn like carousel this is a trampoline springboard
An idealistic "isn't it worth the time it took to step off?"
Someday this will be an ancient society
I'm doing this in hopes of never getting crossed out
So where's my dotted line?
I forgot my lines and I'm running out of steam
So leave me here to die for a minute...