[MCF]
I may be the tailor to the master of the castle and the zone
And I might be all about it when I’m on my megaphone
Alone before an audience, "Yo, ponder my preponderance
Of skill!” Synonymous
With high class fashion. If you must step flashing
Lead with the hand that you’ve got your cash in
I’m taking all orders. I’m writing receipts
There’s a couple other kingdoms I’ve got to visit this week
So I’ll seek you out later, deliver your set
If it ain’t the finest clothing ever woven, take my head
With a promise like that, shopping couldn’t be simpler!
Armed guards are taking me to measure up the Emperor

I can see
Right through them
Through them

[Adam WarRock]
Well, it’s clear that we hear these boasts in our ears
So it appears that this tailor in front of us right here
Speaks the language that I’m liking. And in fact
I need a new look now that Fall’s coming back
My style: people heard of it. In fact, it’s quite murderous!
And every kingdom tries their best in the hopes of furnishing
The Emperor that only rocks the finest couture
And I’m pretty sure I’ve never seen your brand name before

[MCF]
Your prominence, I promise that your dominance is undisputed:
When it comes to looking fresh, you’re as reputed!
I’m a whisper in your kingdoms, they don’t dare to buy the best
Might look so good that it’s scandalous

[Adam WarRock]
No coarse cotton stitchings, no silk that’s not the finest
No inferior fabric is allowed to touch Your Highness
When I say I want the best, present it without fail
Or this tailor’s going to have his going-out-of-business sale

[MCF]
Be sure before you order though, ‘cause this one’s fine
So delicate, you’ll never feel it. And so sublime
That it’s difficult to see for anyone above their birth
Sent an Archduke into exile on the other side the earth
I besmirch of course none of your councilors’ parentage
Still I shouldn’t forgive myself, giving embarrassment

[Adam WarRock]
Nah, this court bears the noblest noblemen
So loosen up your fingers and sew us a specimen

[Sole]
By the sword, you pulled wool from all of our sheep
And we were told we’d be getting fresh blankets to sleep
Instead, you covered your palace in silk and wool
And tore down our schools for a textile mill?

[Adam WarRock]
Subjects, peasants, servants and scum
This wunderkind tailor's skill’s second to none!
Painters and poets couldn’t ever describe
How fine the new clothes. On the morrow you’ll find!

[Sole]
How about debuting bread from the wheat that you stole?
Or put a new school in the village you burned?
Winter’s approaching we got nowhere to go
Can’t produce for the King when we’re starved in our homes

[MCF]
I can see
As soon as he steps out in his finery

[Sole]
Give us liberty or give us that robe, fool
Ain’t no linens in this kingdom that are torch-proof
And I only hope that what you’re about to show is made from bread
So at least the birds can have a feast when you’re dead
It’s been (bark! bark!) since you pushed us off the land
Hurry up and show your face so we can take what’s ours again

[MCF]
Good luck, buddy! He’ll be right out, he looks great
I’ll blend into the rabble with you, overswarm the gates