[Mathew Gold]
I know I'm pretty ordinary but my hair's crazy
My mom says 'cause I'm being lazy
But I'm just young, just twenty-some
No, no I never fight, I don't need a gun
But I'm more about the summer sun
I'm pretty cool I'm kinda chilled
When I come around
'Cause all I need is a a box and a quarter pound
But life takes us on different courses
But with my friends we run like Trojan horses
Porsches, divorces... I don't need that
Still I got a sixteen hundred still I spit clean thunder
Still the world's going under man.... (x2)

[Chorus]
'Cause I'm just an ordinary guy
I got my mind- set out on taking to the sky
So come on with me on this roller coaster ride
Just hold on me, just hold on me, Just hold on me oh, baby hold me tight

[AKA]
So stuck in my ways
Back when I had my age on the back of my Jay's... I was a dumb youth
Its a long way to the Twenty Fifth I could front you...
Blowing this piff through the sunroof
How many accolades on my name?
Everyday you'd be fucking amazed... dreams come true
But fame is a whole other maze
And when you born this great it's hard to stay humble
One more shot to get my head straight...
Holy water for my demons
Every time she wants to catch feelings, I gotta catch airplanes
How convenient!

Guess I'm the same old me...
2 chain 22k gold teeth
The heart wants what the right brain dont need...
Might just be outta your league, please!
Got the world in my palm
And I gonna go hard every sixteen bars
If the world goes under man...
Even if the world goes under man

[Repeat Chorus]

[Mathew Gold]
This is a different story, I don't do this for glory
I'd rather be nameless, so I'm nameless but I'm famous man
Two sticks man, I'm kinda shallow
New kicks yeah, baby mellow
It don't take much to touch one, unless you leave it undone
B-ball we un-guardable, A cells we rechargeable
You best believe this is audible ...
But still I got a six string fender, I rock on it forever though the world's going under man
Though the world's going under man, yeah

[Repeat Chorus 2×]
Yeah