[Intro: Skepta]
Yeah, OVO Sound Radio
Sounds of DJ Maximum
Skepta, Tracksuit Mafia, Boy Better Know
Halloween ting, you get me?
Oi Maximum, run it

[Sy Ari Da Kid – "Bankroll" (Skepta Remix)]

[Intro: Sy Ari Da Kid]
Hey, bankroll, bankroll, yeah
(I'll do anything for a bankroll, nigga)

[Hook: Sy Ari Da Kid]
Hey, all I wanted was a bankroll
I had jugga for a bankroll (bankroll)
All hundreds, bankroll (all hundreds, bankroll)
Bankroll, bankroll
All I wanted was a bankroll (all I wanted was a bankroll)
Bankroll, bankroll (bankroll, bankroll)
All hundreds, bankroll (bankroll)
Dirty money, bankroll

[Verse: Skepta]
Catch a pussy on the main road
We take money and we take phones
All my niggas are savage and that's just the way that the game goes
Pussy niggas should've stayed home
Running through the streets with your fake woes
Spending money, we don't save, no
All these rappers wear the same clothes
Man, all these rappers fuck the same hoes
I changed flows
See me in the flesh, I make these rappers wanna chainsmoke
Feel it in your chest, you're tryna hide it but the pain shows
I'mma piss on your gravestone

[Half-Hook: Sy Ari Da Kid]
All I wanted was a bankroll (all I wanted was a bankroll)
Bankroll, bankroll (bankroll, bankroll)
All hundreds bankroll (bankroll)
Dirty money, bankroll
Counting money till the bank close-

[Drake & Future - "Jumpman" (Skepta Remix)]

[Intro: Skepta]
Maximum (Halloween)
Skepta, Halloween, yeah

[Verse: Skepta]
Roadman, roadman, roadman, what's these niggas smoking?
Tattoos on my skin means I ain't fucking joking
Them boys tweeted visions, them boys up to something
Smoking with the jumpman out in Paris, it was bait
You can't smoke with me cause you've got something on your face
I hit that Ginobili with my right hand on my waist
Talking to a top boy? Look a top boy in the face
Go uptown to Dyckman, I've got peng tings on my case
Roadman, roadman, roadman, I flew out the country
Where were you when I was in the gully?
Oh, now you see the vision, now you want some money?
Tryna send me emails, I just forward them to Grace
Tracksuit Mafia, we get the style from outer space
Wasteman, wasteman, wasteman, you copy and paste
Top boy, top boy, smoking jetpack in the Ace
Charlie Sheen, I'm winning, never come in second place

[Hook: Future]
Jumpman, Jumpman, Jumpman, Jumpman, Jumpman, Jumpman
I just seen the jet take-

[Section Boyz - "Lock Arff" (Skepta Remix)]

[Intro]
Wah?
Yo, what them know about lock arff?
Wah?

[Verse 1: Skepta]
Yo, what they know about lock arff?
Someboy's face get buss arff
Bouncers run up
IPhone get tun arff
Hmm, clothes get drop arff
Yeah, hands get wash arff
Ayo likkle man, what you know about lock arff?

[Hook]
Wah? Everyting lock arff
Wah? Road get lock arff
Wah? Steel and copper
Wah? Road get lock arff
Wah? Shutdown lock arff
Wah? Everyting lock arff
Not a big man ting
What you know about lock arff?
Wah? Everyting lock arff
Huh? Steel and copper
When we do road akh, man
Everyting lock arff
Huh? Everyting lock arff
What? Everyting lock arff
Whoa, steel and copper
Wah? Road get lock arff

[Verse 2: Skepta]
They know that I go flip mode when I Busta Rhymes
Man's on a different ting, man, I told 'em a hundred times
I did a bunch of crimes, and none of them were done for the Vine
So you can take that bullshit and stick that where the sun don't shine
The summer's up, it's about to get real cold
Late nights in the studio with the bros
Cause either you're on a pitch banging in goals
Or you're selling them packs on the road
I was showing them tracks to the label
Like what you gonna bring to the table?
Sending A&R to the shop like Puff did
Tell 'em get me a fresh juice and a bagel
Everybody's searching for attention
I stayed true and I changed their perception
Thought the money would get my attention
But I'm in a whole 'nother dimension with it
How you gonna mention lyrics?
When I drop shit, you can feel the tension
Comfy on my ones
But you know it's a mad ting when I'm with the Section, icy

[Hook]
Wah? Everyting lock arff
Wah? Road get lock arff
Wah? Steel and copper
Wah? Road get lock arff
Wah? Shutdown lock arff
Wah? Everyting lock arff
Not a big man ting
What you know about lock arff?
Wah? Everyting lock arff
Huh? Steel and copper

[Outro: Skepta]
Shutdown lock arff, yo Maximum, pull up, pull up that, Maximum, man
Happy Halloween, you pagans