[Intro: Mike Skinner]
I wonder
Love looks forward
Hate looks back
But fear has eyes all over its head

[Hook: The Streets]
I'm not looking at you
I'm looking past you
Why you boys looking at me?
This ain't even funny
I'm looking past you
I'm about to do something stupid

[Verse 1: Skepta]
Yeah, yeah I'm Skepta
Stare in a next guys face too long, nah man I don't do that
This guy must be feeling my new track
Cos I'm not 2Pac, but it's all eyes on me
I wanna eye contact girls in the place
Don't know why man are looking in my face
Like they never had a pass and I was the ticket inspector
Everybody's looking at Skepta
But I don't screw them, I see through them
Cos it weren't like this before I started spitting
Grime is one of the hardest ways to make a easy living
But I keep doing it cos I know a grand don't come for free
I just don't understand why man wanna eat me like cereal
Cos I make original pirate material

[Verse 2: Wretch 32]
I ain't got time for screwing you flatheads
And I got about four watches
You're looking back like yo watch this
Keep watching I watch this
Look, you'll get your head screwed off
I've proved I've moved on, so move off
I'm Wretch yeah
Around stars so it's like I'm walking in fresh air
Yeah, I'm next here, why you staring for this long?
I ain't a series or sitcom
I ain't a queer, I'm as straight as a ruler
Blatantly smoother than silk thongs
Don't get your arse cut
It's bait that you're star struck
Only a bum gets his arse fucked
Yeah? You know what? I'm done with this mad talk

[Hook: The Streets]
I'm not looking at you
I'm looking past you
Why you boys looking at me?
This ain't even funny
I'm looking past you
I'm about to do something stupid

[Verse 3: Ghetts]
What seems to be the problem?
I was minding my business when I felt eyes from a distance
Instead of taking the easiest option
I was acting like I was really in Compton
If I ran I coulda easily lost em
But you know me, I'm so arrogant
Cos losing is out of the question
So I'm cruising I'm out of protection
And I don't mind shooting it out like a Western
I got tools in my house, what's your preference?
24/7, yeah I'm in beef
So I'm tryna get many more weapons, yeah I'm in deep
And I still don't stop and it's clear I've been beat
Now man have squeezed, years have increased
It's clear I'm in deep
I'm even prepared in my sleep

[Verse 4: Tinchy Stryder]
Yeah, call me the lightweight smoker
Nah, not today little G
Cause I've been through so much green, indeed, yeah
I'm coming like a local dealer
I'm paro, I don't feel right
And the road looks narrow, I can't see light
So I'm about to go mad
And do something wrong like I don't know right
I'm nothing like a local geezer
And I feel all eyes on me like Pac
Who's gonna rob me? It's not that bro I've came with some standard heater
I'll be back, you know, with my CD
Stop tryna look cool when you see me
Don't be acting a fool when you see me
And now I've got wannabe fools tryna be me, Strydes

[Hook: The Streets]
I'm not looking at you
I'm looking past you
Why you boys looking at me?
This ain't even funny
I'm looking past you
I'm about to do something stupid

[Verse 5: Devilman]
People always drive me to do things that I don't wanna do
It's a known fact that you feel more confident when you've had a glass of brandy or two
So what you looking at mate? What?
You want me to do something, don't do ya?
Just cause you've had a few lines and that
You think you're bad as well, don't do ya?
You wanna be treated like one of them beggars?
On the floor and that, begging for change, nuttin' ain't gonna change
So you can forget thinking that you're gonna be driving the brand new Range
You can keep it if you're short-sighted, cause I'm always focusing long-range

[Verse 6: Bossman Birdie]
Cuz, what you looking for?
Boy Better Know that I'm cooking war
And I will put my foot in your, face, give you a crooked jaw
Got deep styles, verses, hooks and more
So you ain't gotta ask, "Why they booked him for?"
Bossy, nah, I ain't shook in war
And I won't ask again what you're looking for?
When I spray, I ain't got exclusion zones
I say anything I want, I ain't got do's and don't's
Hear Bossman raise your hand
There ain't a dude who won't
No, you ain't gotta choose who's cold
I'm the best when it comes to the music, bro
I abuse these flows, everybody knows
Bossman, yeah, he runs the roads

[Hook: The Streets]
I'm not looking at you
I'm looking past you
Why you boys looking at me?
This ain't even funny
I'm looking past you
I'm about to do something stupid

[Verse 7: Frisco]
Oi blud stop watching me
I ain't even wearing my bling and I've got guys clocking me
I'm onto this ting but I ain't on a hype today
Nah, I don't wanna fight today
And still man's talking about robbing me
Think logically
I might do something stupid and leave the whole place in a mockery
Headshot's my policy
And you don't wanna get something hard to your frame
More times it's a sixteen bar to your frame
Go hard and I never parred in a lane
Big Fris come a little harder to tame
You don't want something to park in your frame
So I suggest you stay far from the flame
Dry on the sniff then I'm after the 'caine
And I won't lie, I got far with my name

[Bridge: Mike Skinner]
Therefore, surely nothing in life is to be feared
Only to be understood
Apart from getting shanked at the cash machine!

[Hook: The Streets]
I'm not looking at you
I'm looking past you
Why you boys looking at me?
This ain't even funny
I'm looking past you
I'm about to do something stupid