[Verse 1: D Double E]
Nah that's not me
Can't be a wasteman, that's not me
Living at mumsies', that's not me
Them man are clumsy, that's not me
Nah nah that's not me
In need of a handout, that's not me
I'm not holding my handout, that's not me
That's a dickhead ting, nah that's not me
Talk to the boydem, that's not me
Informant, that's not me
Spill the beans, nah that's not me
Wear skinny jeans, nah that's not me
Having a bubble, that's not me
What, you thought it was Double? That's not me
Them man are stylin, that's not me
Them man are swaggin, that's not me

[Verse 2: Tempa T]
Thought I was him, thought I was him
Look quite similar, thought I was him
That guy there had a box like man
Dem man truly thought I was him
Girls wanna go out to a rave
Take a picture and get likes, who thought I was him?
None of them operations that I had
Held me back but you thought I was him
Didn't have a box on my head
Didn't have a box on my head 'til the year 06
Guys tried it with me I don't know why
'Til I start dishing out chops and kicks in your house
Start throwing them rocks and bricks
Make man take off their socks and kicks
Better know that's not me
It's an act up, get jaw boxed off clean

[Hook: Skepta]
Nah, that's not me
Act like a wasteman? That's not me
Sex any girl? Nah that's not me
Lips any girl? Nah that's not me
Yeah, I used to wear Gucci
I put it all in the bin cause that's not me
True, I used to look like you
But dressing like a mess? Nah, that's not me

[Verse 3: President T]
Walk in the room, spray what I like
T on the wing, that's not hype
I was a stereo without the type
Must be after a stripe
I said, that's not right
I don't give a monkeys about the age
Skin colour or height
Covered in armour, must be a knight
Trust any girl, not even a slight
Trust any girl, not even an inch
Some are like salt, and I took a whole lot more than a pinch
Wow, I'm from the famous bits
Might come across two or three hypocrites
Girls in shorts, even when it's blitz
Real life stories, that's not me
President T transmits

[Verse 4: Sox]
I always have problems with door staff cause I hate wearing jeans
I only came to the rave just to grab two gyal and spit one sixteen
Bouncer are asking for ID, looked straight in my face and said "That's Not Me"
I was like "fall back my G, manna with Skepta and Jme man are see me, see me?"
Everybody know me outcha', so I don't need no I.D outcha'
Invasion alert make P outcha'
Rephrase that, we'll take the P outcha'
Nobody even wants ya to be outcha'
I flew in to especially MC outcha'
Manna roll VIP outcha'
So why's he tryna act off key

[Verse 5: Jaykae]
Nah nah nah nah, that's not me
Cause I'm putting my city on the map properly
Can't rap properly
Talk about clash but they're not coming out like Black Ops 3 (that's a myth)
Just admit you want none of it, fuck it, spin your whole crew for the fun of it
One 16 bar I'm Stone Cold Stunning it
Somebody ask somebody who's running it
Who's running our, who's running our scene?
It's 2014, I'm ahead of your team
But I had big man scared of our team
If you don't know Jaykae, where have you been?
Shook off a next man, that's not me
R.I.P. Depzman, that's my G
Interview rooms with their CCTV
But I'm telling them man that's not me
No way, nah nah nah nah, that's not me

Act like a wasteman? That's not me
Sex any girl? Nah that's not me
Lips any girl? Nah that's not me
Yeah, I used to wear LV
Put it all in the bin cause that's not me
True, I used to look like you
But dressing like a mess? Nah, nah, nah

[Hook: Skepta]
Nah, that's not me
Act like a wasteman? That's not me
Sex any girl? Nah that's not me
Lips any girl? Nah that's not me
Yeah, I used to wear Gucci
I put it all in the bin cause that's not me
True, I used to look like you
But dressing like a mess? Nah, that's not me