[Introduction: Big H]
Big H presents Bloodline militants
DJ Marcus
Boy Better Know

[Verse 1: Bossman Birdie]
Bossy, I'm on a tussle
But I will lick down a man if he's got too much muscle
Wanna be gladiators like Russell?
Shots, I'll send them you couple
I'm like NASA, see me lift off like shuttle
Them man are old school, still trying to shuffle
Bossman, I'm far from subtle
Call out my name, and boy you're in trouble
I'm like bulletproof, stabproof, yeah I got armour
Burst that, I don't care if your frame's marda
Been weighing up boys from back when the food man went by the name of Farda
Yeah my flow's faster, that's why I'm first and you man are after
Wicked man flows, think I'm a witchcrafter?
I might spit, but I'll get you licked down for a halfer

[Hook: Big H]
What you gonna do when shots at your head?
I said, what you gonna do when shots at your head?
Any funny business, everybody dead
I said, any funny business, everybody dead
What you gonna do when shots at your head?
I said, what you gonna do when shots at your head?
Any funny business, everybody dead
I said, any funny business, everybody dead

[Verse 2: Big H]
I will take mans tings, come through take off your chain and rings
You man looking for fame and things
I will blaze man one time for dem battyboy tings
You on some battyboy tings, come round here on some battyboy tings
Real bad man don't have to go gym
I'm like ey cuz, you're not on this ting, like
Two shanks, one shotty, that's Pablo, that's Bossy
See the Bloodline we make duppy, yo you can't come near me, nah you're too dutty
What blud, who is this? Some likkle wasteman, don't exist
Can't get in cos you're not on the list, go home you're pissed
Like, ain't got a strap but they roll with the bally
Ain't got a strap but they roll with the bally
These MCs MC for the gally
Put down the rizla, pick up the chally
Any funny business, send me the Gatty
Yo blessy, send me the Gatty
Act like your bad and you're faced with a batty
And you're faced with a batty

[Verse 3: President T]
These MCs need to behave
Screwing up your face when I see you in a rave
I didn't know you was looking for an early grave
Length, I'm on a baddaman wave
'Nuff of them are Joey, 'nuff of them are slave
I've got wonga, pay but I save
They run it up, gunshot I gave Dave, you see me?
That's what he got, he got a bigger boy shot
I'm hardly my ends a lot, true say I blaze pot
Hope they ain't forgot, cos bare hot you wan' fi shot my plot
I do a jack move on the spot
I'm fresh on the mic, bare MCs rot
Hide your blazing sess what I got
Trying to reach my level, cuz? I think not

[Hook: Big H]
What you gonna do when shots at your head?
I said, what you gonna do when shots at your head?
Any funny business, everybody dead
I said, any funny business, everybody dead
What you gonna do when shots at your head?
I said, what you gonna do when shots at your head?
Any funny business, everybody dead
I said, any funny business, everybody dead

[Verse 4: Milli Major]
Yeah, so we send for the mash
Ooh la la, get length on the dash
No bags round here, got [?]
Who's this prick? I'll blaze this fass
Boys want to keep talking, get gassed
These MCs talk like they're all mashed
But it ain't that, no it ain't that
Just picking up the mic and they're just chat [?]
B to da L, [?] that we sell
I'm doing nice, he's doing well
It's a good look cuz up in jail
Them man they snitch, just tell tell
Keep on track like I work for the rail
B2daL, Bloodline will never fail
B2daL, got Ps on my [?]
Them man they snitch, just tell tell

[Verse 5: Skepta]
They're like "Oi Skepta, why you murking so many MC's?"
That's the word on the road
I know skengman in my postcode that will sniff two lines, go into devilish mode
Turn around, shoot man in the face, then skid around the corner like Yoshi and Toad
So for your own good, trust me, you don't wanna see me on your road
Cos when I'm wearing a glove, boy better know that I've got some kind of firearm in the pocket
If I don't send for the bucky and pop it
Send for the taser, put it on the pussy and shock it, don't care who's saying stop it
You're lucky that the little pussy didn't get lit up like a rocket
It's said the real recognise real, how comes the little wasteman didn't duck it?

[Outro: Big H]
It's Bloodline, headtop business
Showerman style (yeah)
Big H presents (yeah)
Hold tight all the north massive (yeah)
Doing this ting properly
Showerman time