[Intro: DJ Whoo Kid]
Free Solo 45

[Verse 1: Skepta]
I been on the grind all day, hustling tryin' to get this bread
Money on my mind until the day, the doctor says to my Mum "He's dead"
I was getting it dirty, put it in the washing machine and made it clean
My life used to be so dry, don't ask me why I'm in love with the cream(seen)
What'cha mean, What'cha mean
I want one hundred percent not 50/50
I don't wanna look at my haters too long so I do a quick 360
I do it on a ditto when I do it now they wanna do it but I tell'm its a mystery
When I'm in the party, I can blow a hundred quicker than Linford Christie
MC's wanna diss me, but I'm in another country making some more history
Miami Kush in a Strawberry phillies blunt got all the windows misty
And even though my chain is shining
Me and Boy Better Know we keep grinding
And I won't stop til I know Jay-Z meant when he said the satellite was crispy

[Whoo Kid cuts from "Light Up" by Drake, featuring Jay-Z]
...the satellite was crispy...
... in that G450, Caught the Mayweather fight cause the satellite was crispy..
[Skepta talking]
Wait, wait, play that again, play that again
[Whoo Kid cuts from "Light Up" by Drake ft. Jay-Z]
...Caught the Mayweather fight cause the satellite was crispy..
[Skepta talking]
What the fucks he going on about man? I need to get more money blud

[Verse 1 (continued): Skepta]
Two million views on Westwood freestyle nigga, that's for the supporters
I used to go on tour, hoping the crowd knew the words to my chorus
First support act on stage with the lights on couldn't even get a cordless
Now I look down on my jewelry and I can't believe the diamonds are flawless
Yeah that me in the club with a Magnum, Goose and a bottle of Rozay
I only want sexy girls around me tell all man dem "Go 'way"
I am looking for a princess that will come back to my crib for a little but of roleplay
And when I kill these girls, I don't tell nobody like O.J

[Hook: Lemar]
I-I-I-I'm a Winner! (Yeah)
Gonna rock this motherf--ker up til this world is mine
I'm a Winner! (Unhuh)
So haters you can f--k off or fall in line
Switch up and down, people know my name
But you can call me Frankie 'cuz I do it my way
I'm a Winner! (ye-ye-ye-yeah)
I'm a---(yeaaaAAAaaah)

[Verse 3: P Money]
If my life were a 23-part series
At age 14 it wouldn't be a PG
I was shotin' on my pushbike, fuck a wheelie
Now im on colder getting paid weekly
But I'm always gonna be greazy
Cause I can remember staring at a T.V
Wishing it could be me
Life wasn't easy
Never had a clue about Macs just PCs
Now I got more tips to give than PG
Now I'm sick enough to see my GP
And remember where my network died
Laughing, my iPhone tell'n me I got 3G
No one can tell me I ain't a Winner
I left the show room and went straight to the BP
Ah Skepta just walked in with just a bank card
And came back out with a 20 bag series

[Hook]

[Whoo Kid]
DAAAMN!