[Intro: Fashawn and sample]
"...But then I thank you for the love you give me, God! And I know, I don't deserve it. It hurts me to say that..."
Yeah, 'Shawn, huh nigga
The most shady: Alchy baby. In full effect. It's the start of the end
Amen...
Uh... uh, how should I start this?

[Verse 1: Fashawn]
Went to sleep drunk, woke up sober, hungover
The skunk roller; who need a lung donor? Young loaner
Gun toter, with a tongue coated in Aspirin
Blown off a wax-strip; zoning, I'm boning an actress
Diagnosis my DNA, and get flowed and extracted
Exposing your hat tricks, posers need practice
I got more props and respect than you
For what I cultivate, gotta cut a check into
Dollar signs and decimals, the grind's impeccable
I brainstorm while your mind is weatherproof
Built with time for the crime on schedule
Eyes dilated off a high that's medical
I rise to the occasion, arrive with something Asain
With thighs like Mary J. Blidge, Sanaa Lathan
Fuck the smiley faces, homie I'm out of patience
You just sour cause your final hour's a jinx, nigga

[Hook (x2): Fashawn]
We knew it was over, before it even started
May we bow our heads, for the daily departed
I welcome you to the end now, Amen
I welcome you to the end now, Amen

[Verse 2: Fashawn]
I put a cease to the speculation, I'm dedicated
You'll see the bombs getting detonated, miseducated
You a featherweight, forever hating, I'm Freddy meets Jason
My coalition congregating, kind of like the Masons
And the temple, medicated my mental
Disrespectful, I defecate on your demo
Celebrity, I'm as celebrated as Leno
Conversate in a limo, ain't even know you was lame
You was late on the memo, should be raking in insults
Pussy nigga, you probably stay on your menstrual
I'm just raping the tempo, cautious as if I was
Drag-racing a rental, I recommend you
Hit the exit when I step in the venue
Or get decked and get dentalled; dammit, I'm detrimental
And these Emcees most definitely know my MO
Murdering everything in my path, my name's Fash, motherfucker

[Hook (x2)]