[Verse 1]

Maybe cuz we gotta deal with all of this pressure
Tryna do what's expected
No longer an adolescent
Confident when you steppin'
Hard to be calm and collective, when you constantly stressin'
Over dollars and debtin'
Your mind is congested
You rather hop on the train, leave the block for a day or two
Man, stop playin' games
Ain't no one in your way but you
Be a man. life ain't no cartoon, Peter Pan
Feed your fam
Minors to major leaguers, we advance
Still saggin' my jeans, like I'm back in my teens
Feelin' like a maniac, at least that's what it seems
I'm an addict, a fiend, with a habit to dream
Like I can have anything, no elaborate scheme
Just a palace for the king, i'm going to far again
Same apartment, same khaki's, same cardigan, FUCK
It feel like I got a knot on my brain
Ain't nobody to blame, can't let it drive me insane
Hear that?

[Hook: Kobe]

Yeah, it's gotta be another way out
Can you help me find my way out
I'm feeling like I'm living to die, I'm tryna survive
Yeah, it's gotta be another way out
Can you help me find my way out
I'm feeling like I'm living to die, I'm tryna survive

[Verse 2]

Maybe cuz we gotta deal with artist deception
Niggas who call you brethren
But wouldn't visit your deathbed
Women all need affection
Loyalty up for questionin'
Never know they objective
It's better to just neglect it and finish your breakfast
But the temperature risin'
Trying to prevent being violent
Probably better off in an asylum
Got a list full of problems
And a brain full of distractions
When you listen, you just get static
Couldn't picture this happening, huh?
Now, it's real. Can't explain
How it feels
Pray to God, on yo' knees
Now and then you gotta kneel
Even G's, what you mean?
My head full of scene
I'm indeed, in need of some space
Can I breathe?
Ya'll please, do the same
I been trained, put everything in perspective
How you plan to make a comeback
When you never made an exit
I suggest that you take it one day at a time
There's no escaping, unless you walk away from your mind
And that's why....

[Hook]

[Outro]

Movin' on man, you know who else you need to do a record with? Wiz California. Man, that baby right on, man!

Right, right, I actually have records with Wiz Khalifa

You say you did a record with Wiz Khalifa?

It's Khalifa, yeah

Well you need to work with the nigga Wiz California. He good too. And he more humble than all ya'll niggas!