[Intro: Fashawn]
Reporting live from the 4LF
Its your boy F, man
What up Ush
You ain't the only one who can blow, yall
I'm a teach you how to roll
Gee´s up you know, OCB´s (worldwide) Zig Zag (in the sky)
Or even some Raw papers but not without them tips though, you know what I'm saying
See you got to do it right
Smoke some, punk

[Verse 1: Fashawn]
She smoke OCBs likes me I'm a take her
Teach her how to properly roll a paper
Straight lace we don't fuck with the flavors fuck with the G and get GCK'd up
You should see how much we blow in a day
Just how it be when you roll with a gang
Roll me a J ain't smokin with me I don't know why you came
Shoot this game watch me load it and aim
Kush and dro let me show you a thing
Take my advice before you roll one again
Let your nigga F take control of your brain
Don't you complain
Had you ever a nigga stroke you insane
And nigga left you alone what a shame
I'm a teach you how to smoke while you playing
I don't do dope just promote Mary-Jane

[Hook:]
I smoke so much chronic
You can even ask my mama
I've been everywhere and rolled all kinds of weed (All types of weed)
I gotta cope with all this drama
Got me smoking at all my concerts
To the point by the end of the show i can hardly breathe (I can hardly breath)
So who's gonna roll some papers
Papers
Papers
(Don´t smoke that sess, GC Kush the only option girl)
So who's gonna roll my papers
Papers
Papers
(Don´t somke that ses, GC Kush the only option girl)

[Verse 2: Fashawn]
GR-IZ-ZL-YG-ANG
So be prepared to roll some weed
I'm rolling OCB's I brought from overseas
How bout we post up and blow these trees
Brought some Zig Zags she's so FC
I'm just wondering if you can roll one for me
She said oh indeed well OMG
I'm about to break down a whole OZ of some potent weed
Blow like a muther-fucking ocean breeze
G's up, like I'm supposed to be
UFO I'm higher than any jet and flyer than any plane
A guy who entertain
This is heavy why you riding with them lames?
Come and kick it in the sky for a change

[Hook]

[Outro: Fashawn]
Ay yo man I just wanna dedicate this song right here, to all the smokers worldwide, man, you know what I'm saying. Niggas who smoke that real shit that good shit, man. To all that other Niggas with strains an shit man, I don't fuck with this Grizzly City kush man, I swear to god I got iron lungs, man I can blow all the day man straight up. It's good indigo though, some sativa some shit you know how we smoke California man. Fuck around pop a lung or something, nigga. East Side, West side, North side, Mid West. For the smoking mill, for the smoking mill yeah come on. I've been everywhere, man, I smoked all kinds of weed man Snow Cap, you know what I mean Grand Daddy Purp, Blue Dream, Kim D, Hell Ban you know what I'm saying G 14, Sour Deez. Damn man, we CA man, we do this all day man we'll be higher that a motherfucker, man. Ay it's just a lifestyle out here, man. Ayo that's the kind of shit ,you know what I'm saying, yall niggas only read about in magazines, man. We do this shit every day, man out in CA., you feel me?