[Intro: Fashawn]
And I ask myself "why?"
I can't understand why?
Sometimes a nigga wake up nah mean?
Wonder why he do the shit he do
Nah mean, it's life
We make the most out of it though

[Verse 1]
AIDS took so many brothers, yet we still going raw under covers
It's 2009, gotta think smarter, stop being baby daddies and be fathers
I can't understand (why)
Some dudes vacate to the Hamptons, knowing they seeds need Pampers
Wanna be a part of they life, instead they tricking different women
No room for a wife or a family (I can't understand why)
God got a million names and if we made in his image does he see it the same
And if we flesh of his flesh can he feel my pain
Teardrops symbolizing the rain
I just can't understand (Why)
I get high to forget about the present
Why I'm not riding in the S6
But life is all about decisions
Make the most outta mine while I'm living
I ask myself (why)

[Hook]
I do what I do, live how I live
It is what it is. but...
I told my momma I'd change but it's clear I'll always be the same
I ask myself (Why) [x2]

[Verse 2]
I swear life is a maze, I'm just tryin' to get it right before I fade
But I keep hitting walls, everyday is like a battle
Learn somethin' different every time a nigga travel
Still (Why) They hatin' when I get home
Sayin' my name just so they can get known not in the same lane
It's ironic how I became a product of fame
20 years old out on my own
(I can't understand Why?)
I made those decisions I made, friendships decayed
Bitches I laid and never called back
People I robbed, spots where I hung, rocks that I slung, niggas I socked and made fall back
(I can't understand Why)
Do good brothers turn bad
Whippin 7 and a half outta 6 that's how we learn
Math
Kinda sick how we earn cash
Not in a right mind so I petal along the wrong path (Can't understand Why)

[Hook]

[Verse 3:]
Everybody caught up in politics
Democrats, Republicans. When will the drama end?
Mathematic how the government dividin' us
Yet my mind shine bright as the Metropolis (Why)
I feel the need to shine a light on the populace
So I write like a columnist, dictate like a communist
Through it all I continue to stand tall as the monuments
(I can't understand Why)
Heaven to Hell so I'm ponderin'
Which afterlife I'm a wind up in
Took too many losses so I gotta win
Fatherless, soakin' up knowledge from my momma's friends (Why)
They all sold drugs and love to puff weed
And angel dust couldn't teach me how to succeed
So I bailed out, in the lab, beats sittin' in the jailhouse. (Can't understand...)
Still I ask myself (Why)

[Hook]