[Verse 1]
Yah Yah Yah
I just went and hit the bank
Keep a Ratchet like I'm Clank
Walking 'round with them thangs
Don't move, don't blink
Lil' bitch what you think?
New shit everyday, new whip everyday
I do this everyday
Make hits everyday, new bitch everyday
How much can you take? New band, new K
I can't hear what you say
Bring the bottles my way: Rosè, Dussé
My work day a vacay, get the fuck out of my face
New phone, who dis? New check, who dis?
These bitches my kids
My hitters don't miss, shoot a nigga in his ribs
Walk in the club with a stick, leaving the club with your bitch

[Hook]
Yeah, glo bottle my shit, you can tell I'm hit
Glo bottle my shit, watch me get lit bitch
Glo bottle my shit, you can tell I'm lit bitch
Glo bottle my shit, you can tell I'm hit
Yeah-yeah!

[Verse 2]
At the table with my set, drank the bottle by myself
I don't split it with my men, they dont gotta chip in
In the club I'm lit, glo bottle, my shit
Leave the club hotel, OG whatchu smell?
Run shit like Le'Veon Bell
Gettin' money, can't you tell?
Moving slow like a snail, my hitters give you hell
Go to jail, post bail
Making plays, Odell
Finessed you, oh well?
Only thing I need is them to

[Chorus]
Glo bottle my shit, you can tell I'm hit
Glo bottle my shit, watch me get lit bitch
Glo bottle my shit, you can tell I'm lit bitch
Glo bottle my shit, you can tell I'm hit
Yeah-yeah!

[Bridge]
So, you get it, I get it
Bitch if I walk up in the motherfucking club, and you ain't got my motherfucking glo bottles ready for me
Bitch I'm gonna smack the shit out of you
Bitch I need my motherfucking glo bottles up in my motherfucking section, on time! On point!
Fuck is you talkin' about lil' hoe?
Don't be late with my motherfucking glo bottle hoe
You better have the bitch ready for me at the motherfucking door, bitch!
Fuck you talking bout out here?
Yuh-yuh

[Hook]
Glo bottle my shit, you can tell I'm hit
Glo bottle my shit, watch me get lit bitch
Glo bottle my shit, you can tell I'm lit bitch
Glo bottle my shit, you can tell I'm hit
Yeah-yeah!