[Intro: Tre Pica$$o]
Ay, you know this your boy Tre Picasso, Tre Basquiat

[Verse 1: Tre Pica$$o]
Coming at you more live than a newborn fresh out the womb
A pharaoh born straight out the tomb
That's best thing since (?)
Together like an artist
Picasso go the hardest
Smoking on that (?)
Grab that 40 get retarded
That's a recap, need a recap of how I started
My respect go to the fathers
Shoot your shot if you're like (?)
If he say that I'm not good at this I just say "beg your pardon"
Then pull out presidential, blow it like I just got pardoned
I inhale, get super fly, go on a bike like Denzel
(?) I take a dip and I go deep like a wishing well
She was rolling deep and she love Adele
Cause she hate my antics, told me "go to hell"
He's a side chick, no kiss and tell
But I don't have a main, I know she can't tell
Not into couples, we can netflix and chill
My words often sarcastic
This rap flow came sporadic
Make your bars look so tragic
Killed your career, open casket
And I ain't bout that bragging
Boy I'm Bronson with the action
And my moves, they (?) relaxing
Sleep on me, get your last map in
You walked off like (?)
But you weak, I call you (?)
Pussy boy, what's your reaction?
Wait-wait this ain't a diss, this is S Tre spitting
Lyrics about how life is and I'm still away from trouble
Fuck a life sentence, ask the Lord for repentance
Then proceed to write a sentence
Been convicted by these victims, play the Lord so lift me up
And I'm (?) like I bark in Hummer truck
I could really give a what about a (?), I am that nigga
A trillasaurus, a dinosaur, Picassozilla
Watch for monkeys, I'm only hanging out with (?)
My friend Trendy rolls Js fatter than King Kong's fingers
I hit the gas, and chill and let the smoke linger
And call an Uber while giving the driver the finger

[Verse 2: Rico Nasty]
I'm riding round with the sick
All my bitches lit
All my bitches look like princesses
Just pulled out a zip
Booted up a bit
Rolling off the shits
You know what it is
Super, soft, and silky
No, but (?) the pussy milk
Diamonds on my tity rings
Baby boy, what's the links?
See through white t cause I'm dripping sauce
I don't need no nigga, I'm my own boss
If you (?) then that's your own loss
You know that I love to floss
Like fuck the cars cause I'm balling, yeah-yeah-yeah
Just went to New York on some swipe shit, had to get that there
She asked me if that's real gold, I said "bitch I swear"
You know I'm always popping tags
You bitches looking mad
Cause I keep the racks like a shelf
Yeah, I keep your nigga on call
Yeah, I keep the safe in the wall
Yeah, diesel all over my jaws
Yeah, run up a check in the mall
Feet done, nails done, hair done too
He gon' ride with a bitch cause he think I'm cute
He call me lil mama, I call him my boo
I call him my boo like yeah

[Outro]
Lowkey