Yeah
Damn
Big Flock, nigga
Aye, aye

[Verse 1]
And I'm talkin' to my baby mama, tellin' her my secrets
Told her I'ma smoke her stupid ass if she don't keep it
Put this 40 to her head, she talkin' to the Reaper
If I ain't tryn' get real messy, then I'll put her in a sleeper
Shoot that nigga in the head
Now his hairline is recedin'
And they gave him CPR
'Cause the pussy wasn't breathin'
I wore these jeans for 60 days, but I'm still flyer than a eagle
I'm movin' drugs along the freeway, while I'm blastin' Beanie Sigel
They tryn' compare me to these rappers, but these niggas ain't my equal
And they keep talkin' bout my 'Sonny' tape, I'm workin' on a sequel
I'm lookin' at my daughter, wonderin' how she come from somethin' evil
And I'm still in the gutter, 'cause a nigga do it for my people
I'm always in my donk, like that shit a muthafuckin' Beetle
And niggas don't wann' bump wit' me, they better off catchin' the measles
Before you talk to me, you better talkin' to my Desert Eagle
And you can say Big Flock a pussy, but I know they won't believe you
Nigga!

[Chorus: Big Flock & Rico Nasty]
And you can say Big Flock a pussy, but I know they won't believe you
And you can say Big Flock a pussy, but I know they won't believe you
Nigga!

Haha!
You can say Rico a pussy, but I know they won't believe you
Bitch!
Yah!
And you can say Rico a pussy, but I know they won't believe you
Bitch!

[Verse 2: Rico Nasty]
All these lil baby bitches really think that they gon' phase me
And I told 'em how I'm comin'
Now they lookin' at me crazy
Like I work at Staples
All I'm touchin' is the fuckin' paper
And I'm slowly understandin' why all of these people hate me
I would hate me too, when I'm your favorite rapper's favorite rapper
I don't talk about it
I'ma make it happen, make it happen
If they runnin' up, I guarantee I'm blastin' and I'm blastin'
I'm in L.A. right now, in a foreign stuck in traffic
On the road with the vulture
I got zones in the cabinet
Don't you ever disrespect me, I'll turn yo ass into Casper
Me worryin' bout pussy niggas, I know it'll never happen
In a race, I'll overlap 'em
Put energy in my passion
I coulda just hit the bitch
Promised my pastor, I ain't crash her
Bitch wit' me, she talkin' funny
She must be from Tallahassee
I'm workin' hard every day, but these people don't understand me
If money fall out the sky, why ain't yo pockets where it's landin'?
Knew this would happen, 'cause I planned it
Had to work, it wasn't handed
And I'ma hit it, any way it come
Fastball or underhanded
Take that shit just like a bandit
You a liar, I can't stand it
And you can say Rico a pussy, but I know they won't believe you
BITCH!

[Outro]
Yeah!
Free Glocka Glocka!