[Verse 1: Rico Nasty]
Why the hell you got a trap phone if it don't ring?
I'm that bitch, la-la-la, niggas love to hear me sing
I'm lyrical
My lyrics is biblical
Bitches so typical
Leave you in critical condition
Please listen, this is the antidote for your spirit
She hit the J so she bound to choke
I'm bound to fall in love, sike not, I don't love these hoes
You love me? Hi, I love to ball
I guess that's just how it goes
You like to sit up on your ass, I like to make that cash and stunt on these hoes
I guess that's why they mad or nah nigga
Hit my phone and I will serve you, no Amari on
Two black bitches on coke, that's an Oreo
She getting freaky off that water, I said I can't blow your bubbles

[Hook]
Why the hell you got a trap phone if it don't ring nigga?
Why the hell you got a trap phone if it don't ring?
Why the hell you got a trap phone if it don't ring nigga?
Why the hell you got a trap phone if it don't ring?

[Verse 2: Uwizzy]
I wake up high, pick up my cellular, and then I tap home
Catching bitch's calls, nah they can't get out my trap phone
We pushing it, we pushing work
Our shit will have you going berzerk
And go wild
We whipping up the work like a bad child
Don't believe I trap shit? Well damn bitch that's tragic
I bag it then flip, fall on that shit like it's gymnastic
Chris Paul is how I pass it, me and Rico wrap like plastic
So act quick before you get tossed with all trap shit
Me and Rico rap for fun, killing y'all that's some sad shit
Summer's Eve drops, now we're hotter than a match stick
Damn I glowed up, you can even see my bars gleam
It's soda team with the dream
Getting high than Starscream
La-la-la-la my pack will knock you out the ring
Why you niggas got a trap phone, if it don't ring?
La-la-la-la my pack will knock you out the ring
Why you niggas got a trap phone, if it don't ring nigga?

[Hook]
Why the hell you got a trap phone if it don't ring nigga?
Why the hell you got a trap phone if it don't ring?
Why the hell you got a trap phone if it don't ring nigga?
Why the hell you got a trap phone if it don't ring?