[Intro: Baby-D]
Um, I mean I know you know what that is
Like Scripture, like Bible scripture
But also not just, like, one religion
It could be, like, the Quran, or whatever other religion or
Like, book they follow, it could be scripture as in
Just books you read to elevate your consciousness
And elevate, uh, your spirituality
And your relationship with your higher power
Which is like, to some people it's God
To some people it's the universe, or like, Buddha
Like, whatever you believe in basically

[Verse 1]
Itty bitty flow, let's get dummy lit some more
Couple rubber bands more, beat the beat up like it's dough
To Ibiza on the fourth, doing Athens for a show
Hola Rita how it go? Rocky rapped about the blow
Judo Joshie next to go, but mama don't even know
Flow will rid you of a cold, hit the whip then hit the folks
Whip the words up on a stove, better watch out for my glow
(Sheesh!)
A minute in and the man already spazzing
Introduce myself as the lyrical assassin
I don't take photos, so stop asking
Wish on a star or not, it won't happen
I been part of the future, you know what the move is
Graduated to a master, no longer a student
Want to quit but screw it, it's onto the music
I'm back off hiatus, hopped out the matrix
Old friends been flaking, my old life was wasted
My whole life I wanted something I didn't have
I neglected all the things that I should be glad
For, 3, 2, 1, blast off
Mask on? Forget about it, mask off
I need a mascot, I'm rapping my ass off

[Hook]
Falling from the sky, what you on about?
Half the time I don't know what you talking 'bout
I had to leave 'cause I saw the thing going south
Get to talking 'bout my name, that's that word of mouth
Falling from the sky, what you on about?
Half the time I don't know what you talking 'bout
Had to leave 'cause I saw the thing going south
Get to talking 'bout my name, that's that word of mouth
Yeah, that's that word of mouth

[Interlude: Baby-D]
So that's a scripture you can use
Astrology, you know, like if you believe in that stuff
Like, your zodiac sign, like what it means
And, like your birth chart and getting all that read
I actually just got mine read, it was really cool
Um, and stuff like that
Numerology, those are kind of like, uh
Like, signs, almost
Like, you know how they say, like
"Oh, 11:11 is good luck," or like, trip-
Like 777, like you know when you see that
It's like good luck

[Verse 2]
What do you believe in?
Do you believe in angels and demons?
Do you believe that God changes like the seasons?
Do you believe that we are here for a reason?
If you died today, who you believe you are meeting?
Do you believe in anything at all?
Do you believe in the cosmic wall?
Do you believe that nirvana is worlds apart?
Do you believe in Monsieur Bonaparte?
Do you believe in Fenrir "tear your bones apart"?
What's your role in the grand scheme of things?
Do you believe there's more to life than big rings?
Big things are coming, do you believe that?
You wonder just who made you, why can't you see that?
I kick my feet back, no more need to weed whack
But God's level of love, I'm tryna reach that
Wicked or weakness, I don't wanna preach that
Wanna spread love so hard, it makes the trees snap
From the east to the west, Kanye get some feedback?
Vivid visions of winning and no more sinning and
Painting pictures and sentences with some synonyms
Who that, be attacking? Oh it's sin again
Not today man, need you to take some Ritalin
What do I believe in?
I believe that He came to save us, kill sin
I believe that He died but that He rose again
I believe in Jesus our teacher, our dad and friend
The cold is too advanced, Bobby Vance
Heavy on the focus, what's the motive, why you flowing?
You got the light of God in you, I see it glowing

[Interlude: Baby-D]
So that, and then dream recall
If you believe in like, that your dreams tell you stuff
Like, uh, like they're signs or a reflection
On something that has happened
Or something that's gonna happen
Or just, stuff like that

[Verse 3]
Earth Day, save the earth
Water broke, baby tape the birth
Light turned green, check the phone first
You liked her tweet, omg, you the worst
Protestors, stand down and disperse
With a model, oops, got bleach on my shirt
Sooner or later everyone becomes a nerd
She wanna play around, sent her packing like the bird
Man got beat up, didn't speak up, not a word
Pregnancy testing, this is the third
All these oxymorons got us all cursed, cursed
But it ain't gotta be like this curd, curd
Delivery be slurred
I want my raps black, shaken up, and stirred
This the signature J Man you been served

[Hook]
Falling from the sky, what you on about?
Half the time I don't know what you talking 'bout
Had to leave 'cause I saw the thing going south
Get to talking 'bout my name, that's that word of mouth
Falling from the sky, what you on about?
Half the time I don't know what you talking 'bout
Had to leave 'cause I saw the thing going south
Get to talking 'bout my name, that's that word of mouth
Yeah, that's that word of mouth

[Bridge]
I know you see me from the crowd, you loud
Ain't seen you in a while, smile
I know you see me baby, I know you see me honey
I know you see me baby, I know you see me baby
I know you see me lady, why you looking crazy?
I know you see me baby
I know you see me baby

[Verse 4]
I was at the store one day just minding my own business
When I witnessed out the corner my eye
Latina woman, she was chilling, she had children
One was little league
A lil' boy wearing jersey of his favorite team
Older one, she was a dream, nahmean, sixteen or seventeen
We locked eyes, and she look me up and back
I walked away but I kept looking, as a matter fact
A couple glances here and there, she had a knack
For looking when I wasn't looking, had me looking stupid
I be foolish, I don't move it when I get the chance to prove it
When I get courage, I lose it, had to get a little groovy
I would put her in a movie, she so Lucy, I'm so bougie 'bout it
Had to say hello, there wasn't any way around it
Would she even think I'm cute though? I sincerely doubt it
But I had to do it, yeah I had to do it
Had to go up to the girl, had to face the music
But I never do it
I never do it