[Intro: YOSHUA]
Tell me what you need from me, oh oh
The paint's on the canvas, on another planet
Ugly, ugly, ugly, ugly
Shout out, uh
Shout out, shout out, shout out
Zacky boy, DJ Ky-L, Matt Man, Discord squaw

[Verse 1: YOSHUA, Matt Man + (FORREST)]
Uh, anyways, you're irrelevant
You're a dirty peasant, I'm a king
I am royalty, my presence is a present
So just take the time to bow down, kiss my ring
Or my finger finna turn into a weapon
I got weapons, so just get to stepping 'fore I spit the venom
I got armies on my back, I squeeze your team like a lemon
I got records like a felon, self-control like I'm Tibetan
Mind control like I'm Eleven, time control, rewind the present
Oh gosh, another opp tryna stop Josh
Even my day ones start to act lost
What's the cost of the money chasing?
('Cause lately, I been making none, and I feel complacent
But we not adjacent)
My crew like Argonauts, we savage but I'm not Jason
They say the glow is on its way, well I'm not waiting
I'm only getting better, higher with every rating
But they the opposite, they value is depreciating

[Chorus: YOSHUA]
Tell me what you need from me, oh oh
The paint's on the canvas, on another planet
Ugly, ugly, ugly, ugly

[Verse 2: YOSHUA + Baby-D]
You know it's about that time, right?
You know you had a mighty fine run
Why don't you step out of the limelight and
Drop the noise like you holding onto a speakerbox
Down to the love below, from the waterfalls to the secret rocks
(I'm ugly!) So smooth the game I spit is made of velvet
(I'm ugly!) But lines are hot as 'bout a million Kelvin
(I'm ugly!) Coal exterior but glitter on interior
(I'm ugly!) Like a wheatfield I been clearing 'em, ugly

[Chorus: YOSHUA]
Tell me what you need from me, oh oh
The paint's on the canvas, on another planet
Ugly, ugly, ugly, ugly

[Bridge: YOSHUA]
えいがをみませんか。
You don't know what I been through
What I been through, I'm a Winthrop
Comme des Garçons, I could whip you
I'm a bellboy, hauling luggage with me
Raise the sail, hoist, on the ocean bugging
I'm so bloody ugly, ain't nobody love me
I'm so ugly money

[Verse 3: YOSHUA + Matt Man]
Rolling up a pack of that dank stank, bank switch
Big chains, GoldLink, huh "I'm Rick James, bitch"
Getting Pre while I lane switch
And you see what I came with
Boy, I'm extra ugly, shout to Ducky boy, he get extra from me
Flexing bummy, decks around me
A couple doctor visits, so who next to son me?
Text the one piece
But when I cop a fade, it's over for ya
Feeling hot as Philippines in the summer
Guapo jud ko, I see that
Your girl see it too, I believe that
Uh, I got it like I got that Honda swerving
Like I'm running from the cops for robbing
Can't stop, the brakes is off, I'm in the park, I'm in your yard
I'm finna piss on your awards, that's your reward
And no remorse, that's that ugly shit that's par for course
And of course, I been on that golf, playing par four
Going dummy hard I'm finna lose a couple IQ points
Do point me to the nearest bop I could joint
Oops, I said it backwards, I been seeing fractals
I been getting money, fade been looking funny
Fits been looking bummy, I don't care
Life been looking ugly, that's a lie? Where?

Why do girls like me?
I'm not even pretty
I guess I'm kinda handsome
Depending who you're asking

[Outro: YOSHUA]
I'm an ugly boy but I'm pretty on the inside
I'm an ugly boy but I'm pretty on the inside
I'm an ugly boy but I'm pretty on the inside
Jump off the roof and washed out by them tides