[Intro: Beanie Sigel]
Oh yeah, this dirty right here
Oh, I'm comin', niggas, I know you hear my footsteps
Kay Slay, what up?

[Verse 1: Freeway]
This is pandemonium, cuffs can't hold him
Puff can't make him go get nothin' from nowhere
Don't ask do we buy these shows, don't go there
Jump off the stage, leave the microphone smokin'
Free rep Philly everywhere that he's goin'
He's overseas, y'all fleas don't go there
Y'all got keys but your keys get you nowhere
It's up behind bars, nigga, no cells open
Twenty-twenty vision, y'all [?] is Ford Focused
We ride Benzes, key-less ignition
Freeze on point like the bass with the rhythm, we livin'
All y'all do is spark mad'ism [?]
Test us, gun spark, no harsh feelins
I play the villain, young arch-nemesis
You don't got the heart, don't partake in it
Is you soft like butter? I see [?] visions
You like, "Why did they let Free into this?"
Bearded bandit, lyrical terrorist
You know Free, he be everywhere the money is
Flow like Free? Y'all guys is hilarious

[Chorus: Beanie Sigel]
Death, murder, and mayhem, everything that drama bring
I slay niggas with K's, I'm with the drama king
Death, death, murder and mayhem, everything that drama bring
I slay niggas with K's, I'm with the drama king

[Verse 2: Young Chris]
Put the barrel to his apparel, shoot back like bow and arrow
I'm on them niggas' hills like shadow
Hundred shottas go 'blocka' when it's a battle
I turn that block to a lot of you niggas tattle
Silencers when I do it, won't hear a rattle
Nigga, that's how we do it on this north Philly gravel
[?] to the city, don't need to help with me
'Cause hollow tips and the fifty tied to the belt with me
Do you wanna ride or die? yeahh
La, la, la, la, said them fuckers in the sky
Every shell got a name
Feel like I spent years in the range so you know I'm so sincere with my aim
Get the drop, you get shot if you there when I rain
Go insane, get a kick out of airin' you lames
You the type when it go down, disappear on the gang
I did it from day one, still here I remain

[Chorus: Beanie Sigel]
Death, murder, and mayhem, everything that drama bring
I slay niggas with K's, I'm with the drama king
Death, death, murder and mayhem, everything that drama bring
I slay niggas with K's, I'm with the drama king

[Verse 3: Tracey Lee]
T Lee the answer, better yet, the antidote
Sixteens, cancer, boy still a cannibal
Bars raised standards, flow so impeccable
But now that I'mma lawyer, go the game by the testicles
The nerve of me
Slay, it just occurred to me
If they under thirty then they probably never heard of me
They don't show the courtesy
My homie told me murder these clowns with rhymes and get in line like fraternities
You better tell boy, yeah, boy, I'm hot
You can call me hellboy, why? I'mma die hot
Tra' still amongst the best, so why stop?
Yeah, you know I'm a monster, youngster, cyclops
Big game, hollow tip, click bang, I'm the shit
Hit her in your Porsche [?], you only hot 'cause of politics
Let's see, address me as yes sire, esquire
Admire the [?] pedigree that just fired

[Chorus: Beanie Sigel]
Death, murder, and mayhem, everything that drama bring
I slay niggas with K's, I'm with the drama king
Death, death, murder and mayhem, everything that drama bring
I slay niggas with K's, I'm with the drama king
Death, murder, and mayhem, everything that drama bring
I slay niggas with K's, I'm with the drama king

[Verse 4: Beanie Sigel]
Yeah, it's scrappy, it's like the iron swing
And you can say that rappin' and let the llama sing
I throw a note from this A.C.P
Bullets come in H.D. on blu-ray, you rappers is bootleg
Your skinny ass jeans is too tight
You wouldn't bust a grape in a fruit fight or nut in an orgy
I rock your balls, you's a fuckin' employee
Niggas better start duckin' when I'm pluckin' this forty
Cold-hearted but my blood run hotter than June
I'm still doper than the shit in the middle of spoons
And I don't give a fuck 'bout a goon, I'm a guerrilla [?]
I beat my chest and growl at the moon
A alike, yeah
B alike
You flee [?] little rappers annoyin' like mini-bikes
A buncha noise I just do it like Nike
Pull out that toy, you get sparked on site, right
Need a light? Uh
Get it right, went over that stove, I cooked coke like rice
Straight Bolivian [?], it cooked like twice
Turned nine into half a stone
A Mac ninety with that hundred shot drum turn your house to half a home
And I ain't even in gear, I'm at half my zone
You don't even know the half when the half is on
I don't stop 'til your casket gone
Start cuttin' niggas jumpin' off buildings like Pastor Troy
We could face-off like Castor Troy
Yeah, the Broad Street Bully back, you bastards warned