[Intro]
(Uh-huh, c'mon) (Yeah)
(Nah, don't hold me back yo) (No, don't do it to him Lou!)
(Don't hold me back J) (Don't do it brother!)
(I got this) (Aight)
(Yo) (Show 'em)

[Verse 1]
I make theme music that may seem foolish (Uh-huh)
I'm a little bit Jerry and a little Jerry Lee Lewis. (Uh)
That's part idiot and part musicianship (Yeah)
I mastermind half the time, the rest of me is clueless. (Uh)
You'll never see Louis taken a dive
Unless my head's between a woman's legs, tasting her thighs (Ooo!)
With my face in her pie, like I'm in a contest waving goodbye (Bye bye!)
While I'm disappearing into her prom dress. (Yup)
My mom says I'm a son of a bitch
But I just have to laugh, 'cause I'm one of her kids. (Ha ha!)
With every rhyme I deliver she cries me a river
So I try to consider it water under the bridge. (Sorry)
When times are rough the tough run to the fridge
Looking for something to swig that'll comfort the itch. (*inhale* Ahhh)
It's a cool kind of love that makes me want to get hitched
To a two-timing slut who gushed rum from her tits. (Mama! Ha ha ha)
Some of the scripts I commit to record
Or misdirected and wrong as a kid corrected. (Woooo!)
I interjected my sick perspective
And kids just stepped in hoping to get infected

[Hook]
(And it goes like this)
He's the classy
He's the nasty
Together we make an unstoppable tag team
Vaccines, serums, drugs to pills (Pills)
Ain't nothing can cure'em 'cause they much too ill. (Ill, ill)

[Verse 2]
Keskasay trying to mess with J
When he presses play our new record wrecks your day. (Yup)
So let's just say that your head's an egg
It's not in a skillet it's chilling on my breakfast plate. (Mmmm)
I'm like one of those children who gets his way
Throwing a tantrum, except I make those into anthems. (Ha ha!)
Your lady friends know where to go when they're dancing (Yup!)
They attend my shows, 'cause they're so into handsome. (What's up?)
Poet or Manson, take your pick
I could either hold her for ransom or save the chick (Let's go!)
And I don't roll with a handgun or blade or stick
When I tie both of her hands up it's great for kicks. (Ahh, come here)
Some say it's sick, all the drugs he uses
But the same sucker muses on how much he bruises, like (Hmmmm)
What's with Louis is he nuts or foolish?
We got one thing in common, we both love my music. (That shit is great)
Besides I'm too sick and disconnected
To get corrected by medicine or fixed by medics. (Yeah)
It's pathetic how when someone picks my record
From the shelf they just can't help but get infected

[Hook]
(And it goes like this)
He's the classy
He's the nasty
Together we make an unstoppable tag team
Vaccines, serums, drugs to pills (Pills)
Ain't nothing can cure'em 'cause they much too ill. (Ill, ill)

[Verse 3]
Give me a chance and a bigger advance
I'll make album so dope they ship it in bags (That's right)
Whose mischievous rants are sort of like a hypnotist's chants
Putting school kids in a trance. (Ohhh)
Man I got plans for the drought in chain stores
'Cause nothing comes out worth paying for. (Uh-uh)
But my mouth creates clouds for casting a brainstorm
And all these other rappers get rained on. (Look out, look out)
Shame on the chaps who were resting in the stands
While the front row dap's connecting with my hand. (Yo-ho!)
Don't get so mad 'cause we're the freshest in the land
And your best don't last like impressions in the sand. (Fresh!)
I'm in demand 'cause I flow like tear glands
And just can't stop being approached by weird fans. (Ha, what the f-)
You know the story, they want to open for me
So I told the shorty only if you mean by beer cans. (Pssss!)
My career can't be disconnected
By kids on message boards trying to diss my record. (Nope)
Skip regret, I'm unsympathetic
'Cause kids that catch this cannot be disinfected

[Hook]
(So now it's more like this)
He's the classy
He's the nasty
Together we make an unstoppable tag team
Vaccines, serums, drugs to pills (Pills)
Ain't nothing can cure'em 'cause they much too ill. (Ill, ill)

(Like this)
He's the classy
He's the nasty
Together we make an unstoppable tag team
Vaccines, serums, drugs to pills (Pills)
Ain't nothing can cure'em 'cause they much too ill. (Much too ill)

(Five G muthafucka!)