A lonely shadow filled the frame of a 6th floor window
A tenament resemblin' a 5th ward shit hole
A tortured soul type agoraphobe
Who sported robes and made sure his door was closed
Ever since his brief intro to this freak nympho
He had his first time with in a lime green pinto
He kept the cheap bimbo
But he was unaware that any cat who come prepared
Got up in her underwear
He was an unsure kid, somewhat scared in the first place
Before his 20th birthday, he married his first lay
A careless, young airhead, who shared sex in her bed spread
Anywhere she found a spare bed
Who would dare wed such a slut?
Savage and sultry
To the last days of their marriage, she practiced adultry
When she finally bounced on the boy, he drank by the gallon and quart
And shout at the lord til he went out of his gourd
Instead of crazy, he had thoughts of going Kevin Spacey in Se7en, maybe
He wanted to behead his lady
And any shady kid who laid his mitts on his baby's tits
His faith was stripped like an atheist
Maybe it's that God lies, he was tortured by the thought of
How many odd guys probably knew his wife's bra size
His thought process was counter-clockwise
Envisionin' guns and bloody butcher shop knives

[Sample from movie]:
Man #1: What the fuck are you doing??
Woman: What the fuck does it look like I'm doing?
Man #2: Can you close the door?
Man #1: Will I close the door? Will I close the door?! That's my wife, you

ASSHOLE!

*gun shot*

*sirens*

The super opened the tenant's door and found a corpse instead
A rookie cop was like "Are you sure he's dead?"
Then the coroner said, "You mean aside from how his forehead's spread?
The empty quarter-keg and the skipping record by Portishead?
I would say it's a safe bet he took the 38-spesh taste test and ate lead
He's more or less dead
Tag him and bag him, then ziplock the smokin' magnum
Round up the neighbors from the ground up and ask 'em
'Who, what, where, when and why?'
Anything that would make such a friendly guy wanna end his life
It's all probably, to be revealed in the autopsy
The semi-warm body rolled through the first floor lobby
Growing cold and lifeless, journey on the gurney to the meat wagon
Packed in with the medical devices
Firmly wrapped tight in a sheet of white
While the preacher type prays for heaven's blessing beggin' "Jesus Christ"
The DT was like, "See his right hand? it's a wedding band
Has anybody seen his wife?"
"Well, sir, I heard she was the cheating type who would sleep with any man
According to the neighbors if I'm readin' right"
"Son, let me help you see the light, and put two and two together
She got sick of the kid, and ran off with who ever
The guy couldn't take it, he blew open his cake hole
A modern day face lift, suicide, case closed"