DJ Unknown & DJ Mekalek ft. Louis Logic and Apathy - “Lost Freestyle (Brothers on the Slide: The Lost Freestyle Sessions)”
[Emcee(s): Louis Logic and Apathy]
[Producer(s): [?]]
[DJ Mix: DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]
[Scratches: DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]

[Intro: Samples with Scratches by DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]
“All hands man your battle stations” - Sample from the US Navy
“We like this.  We like that.  [?]” - Sample from [?]

[Interlude 1: Louis Logic]
Yo, check it out (Yeah).  Louis Logical, Superregular Recordings.  Yo, Unknown on the mix.  My man Mek.  Yo, yo

[Verse 1: Louis Logic]
I'm drinking beer 'til I'm thinking weird, suddenly disturbed
With two shots down, next one’ll be my third
I'm a runaway, flasher, upsetting' innocent by-
-passers ‘cause I’ll refuse to put my gun away
Buying beer and cigarettes for the underage
Puke into the sound booth and diving from a stage
I've become enraged from sticky summer days
Of working for The Man, underpaid.  I could care
Less in each instance.  To reach the distance
Walking on the path of least resistance ‘cause when
The beat is finished, I’ll still continue rhyming
With the breakthrough shit like I'm diving into hymen
Logic is a sick fuck who loves to get his dick sucked
By rich sluts and wipe my nuts off on their big bucks
I'm too mixed up with Brothers on the Slide
Flipping you the bird with your mother in my ride
Brothers on the Slide.  This is Louis Logic
Unknown is your host.  Motherfuckers better hide
Brothers on the Slide.  This is Louis Logic
Have beef?  Then be ghost.  Motherfuckers better hide

[Hook: Samples with Scratches by DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]
“Just a small sample of the abstract” - Sample from Bigg Jus on Company Flow - “8 Steps to Perfection”
"I hope my words come as a shock" - Sample from K-Otix - "7 MC's Pt. II"
“Any way you put it, sucker, duck, you’re getting devastated” - Sample from Esoteric on Virtuoso ft. Esoteric and Mr. Lif - "Orion's Belt"

[Verse 2: Apathy]
Y'all are "Goin' Down" like Mary J. Blige
My vocabulary’s live.  I’ll spit so much, my salivary
Needs to reenergize every five seconds or more
Rhymes wrecking your mind more than poisonous alien spores
Your brain absorbs pain through pores.  You scream
So loud, you’ll strain your jaw ‘til you stain your drawers
I’ll bang more famous whores than Hugh Hef
I'll battle everybody ‘til there's only one crew left
And not one more.  Y'all are feminine as pedicures
My metaphors are better than your competitors
I've got way more green acres than Eva Gabor
The emcee that even player haters adore
I’ll rock dated tours.  When I dropped, hip hop heads
Raided the store to cop four copies or more—for sure
Undercover motherfucker, secret agent at your basement
Back door, trying to kidnap your four-track for
Ransom.  Handsome but hardcore.  The James
Bond in me is more Sean Connery than Roger Moore
Ap for self, rap stealth 'til I stack wealth
No need to pack gats, slap cats like black belts
I’ll spit 'til the wax melts.  Backspin
Hacking supercomputers ‘til my virus is trapped in
I’ll cut factions to fractions when rapping
In action.  So def, I’ll rock in closed caption
So when you pass out and black out from battling
Tap your friend on the shoulder and ask him: what the fuck happened?

[Interlude 2: Skit]
Friend #1: Yo.  Yo, man, what... what the fuck was that?
Friend #2: Yo, yo, you just got fucked up, B

[Outro: Apathy]
Apathy the Alien Tongue representing Connecticut, The Demigodz, baby.  Open Mic, Metropolis nice, One Two, Mr. Mayday, Unpaid Bill, and the E.S.P. DJs, you know’m saying?  Peace to Unknown and Mek.  And we’re out like that, motherfuckers.  Yeah