[Verse 1: Louis Logic]

My, well isn't that mighty wonderful baggage miss?
Remember when that sentiment was meant for bellmen busting their backs for tips?
It's sad that it's glamorous to have the chicks
With the ugliest damages in front of these cameras
How many shows do you know boast underfed famine-ists
And hosts of overweight folks who don't get enough of the sandwiches?
It doesn't attract interest seeing someone amass riches
Or coming to grasp fitness even half as much as the crash pictures
It's a crass sickness isn't it?
How many meritless heiresses will it take
To bury America's head in the sand or ever embarrass us?
The difference between 'em and tweens wishing to be 'em
Is whether or not these idiots ever get jobs, they get an inheritance
But everyone's doing it, so what's not to like?
Get your fame and your shame on under helicopter lights
It's not okay. It's not alright
We're all gonna rot inside from the crap that we watch all night

[Hook]
But the joke's on you
That's what they want you to do
Let's not open our eyes
Till it's too late to choose

[Verse 2: Louis Logic]
What a lucky bunch of little brats just look at the times we live in
The lives we're living almost seem like we took 'em from science fiction
But is anyone happier? Did you find enrichment
With more than folks before but you're just doing more crying and bitching?
Won't all the guys be smitten when you finally fit in
The size you did when you were six and all thanks to that fine physician?
Don't you know trying is sickening and caring is uncool?
Think of all the television time that you can spare from a dunce stool
Staring at some foolhardy parent who hardly cares a
Bit if her kid ever does school if she wins some darn tiara
And the part that's scarier is the "everyone look at me!" chant
That makes some cruel smarty pants kid say he was a fan of a shooting spree
Something must have rot away. Someone must have got their price
Everyone has got theirs, eh, but it was a lot though right?
I'm not okay. This is not alright
If the plot don't change soon no one's gonna want their life

[Hook]
But the joke's on you
That's what they want you to do
Let's not open our eyes
Till it's too late to choose

The joke's on you
That's what they want you to do
Let's not open our eyes
Till it's too late to choose