[Verse 1: Louis Logic]
Deep in the cold, cold snow of the Inuit, an Eskimo
Wrapped in Old Man Winter's (knit and?) left alone
You hear the cry of the innocence when supplies were endangered
The eyes of a stranger see a tribe that was infantless

In China and India's earth
You learn the value of what women are worth
When you dig in the dirt
They say a million children a year born female

Are given at birth
They keep males, that's tradition at work
We fail to admit to that [herd/heard]
Like it's less than important

And try forgetting the orphans
Who never get coffins
Detail fades away its perception distortion
It's still taking place, it's called sex-selective abortion

I stay awake when I'm resting in Boston
Cause I'm writing there a nightmare of epic proportions
On a real clear night, the gavel's shrill strike
Travels still from Gallows Hill if your ears hear right

In a fight for dear, dear life accused as witches
The dispossessed in fear died to fight a superstition
Despite if you're a Christian
If someone claimed you tried this new religion
You would hang there after a night or two in prison

Or given to the pain of the flame, you died innocent
If you lived you were a witch, so your fate was the same
They changed up the name from Salem to Danvers, Mass
Ain't nothing changed, you can't get past the rancid facts

[Samples/Scratches: J.J. Brown]
"Eeeeeeeeeeeeeverybody!"
"It ain't fair"
"Won't you just look around"
"It ain't fair"
"Can anybody see?"
"It ain't fair"
"???"
"Order!"

[Verse 2: Louis Logic]
In this the year of our lord, nineteen sixty-five A.D
After the draft captured a class of every guy eighteen and beyond
To free Vietnam's warring provinces from the devious arms
And the fear of the horde of horrid communists

Johnson ships our young men to Da Nang, barely trained
He really sent them to hang, mostly too scared to aim
And there to claim vengeance against the senseless killing tally
Countless Vietnamese died at Lieutenant William Calley's cold order

Both daughters and sons killed and carried to mass graves
They sprayed a cascade of mortar from guns
And when the horror was done, the same folks who sent
All of our sons to execute their souls ordered them hung

Traveling this pain road more than just once in bloodstained clothes
In a desperate search for one rainbow
I walk the Trail of Tears next to starving Cherokee and must say so
(We'd rather have been impaled with spears so that god would set us free)

But we persevered and tried to survive
So now whenever we drive on 95
Alert your ears to the violent cries
Of the thousands of lost lives
From a tribe that so strongly believed in the spirit of freedom
They died when confined

And since the mind was designed to keep off thoughts
Most cherished, we remember Cherokee Chief John Ross
Forced to watch his own perish, and so let us remember
The day that we forget this, we're all lost

[Samples/Scratches: J.J. Brown]
"Eeeeeeeeeeeeeverybody!"
"It ain't fair"
"Won't you just look around"
"It ain't fair"
"Can anybody see?"
"It ain't fair"
"???"
"Order!"
"have you took some time.. to feel.. to feel what is real..
If you do.. then you'll see.. that we got a lot ... "
"it ain't fair"