( Intro )
That nigga trippin' I'll come scoop you up in a space ship
I told you . You a bad bitch . You deserve this life I'm tryna Ya kn' 
Ya know what I'm sayin' ? Friends Wit' benefits 
You the ???? Type Shit . Keep it 100 You know what I mean

( 1st verse - Master P )
When i met I could tell you was havin problems
You a bad bitch what you Need a couple'a dollaz ?
Take the Porsche I know that nigga trippin on ya
Meet you at the crib later on I'm dippin' on ya
You too cute for that nigga to be puttin his hands on ya
A real nigga gon dick you down & pop them bandz on a you
I'm really feelin' you shawty benefits
Take the key to the crib like it's yo shit
You don't need no clothes . Go to the Louis store
It's on me shit you deserve mo'
The way you pop it for a nigga I'm feelin' good
Let's take a trip to paris baby sheeeit fuck the hood
You ever laid on a million dollars
Havin' sex overlookin' the Eiffel Tower
& goin' to places you can't even say
Gettin' massages , eatin' grapes in St. Tropez !

( Chorus - Kirko Bangz )
Wh-Wh-Whenever I'm around girl you know everything's alright
You know I hold it down girl & I'ma lay ya down tonight
I'm wit' it if you wit' it baby
We ain't doin' no trippin' baby
Fuckin' wit' a real nigga baby
I-i-i-i-i Got it if you want it girl
You could bring yo homies girl
Tell me how do you want it girl ..

( Verse 2 - Master P )
That nigga ain't even treatin' you fuckin' right
You callin' me ! He ain't even fuckin' you right !!
I told you shawty go on & do you !
Let's keep it 100 you my boo !
& I'ma show you how to change ya life
Champagne , bubble baths girl every night
I ain't gotta lock you up - I'ma letcha breath
You a bad bitch . Show them niggas you for me
It ain't no limit to the thuggin' shawty
It ain't no limit to the lovin' shawty
Yeah we friends wit' them benefits
Everytime you empty girl I can give you plenty shit
Take you shoppin' fuck the price tag
I know them hatin' hoes - ain't gon' like that
I'ma Treat you like a queen
Red bottoms on yo feet & yo dress alex mcqueen

( Chorus - Kirko Bangz )
Wh-Wh-Whenever I'm around girl you know everything's alright
You know I hold it down girl & I'ma lay ya down tonight
I'm wit' it if you wit' it baby
We ain't doin' no trippin' baby
Fuckin' wit' a real nigga baby
I-i-i-i-i Got it if you want it girl
You could bring yo homies girl
Tell me how do you want it girl ..
Say every time I close my eyes
I swear yo girl tryna call me
& she don't really care 'bout mines
& she ain't tryna be my girl
She just want it every night
Yeah She gon' be alright
I'ma be the pipe & he don't do you right
She like my southern Style
She know how I get down
I'm rollin' through the city wit' yo girl in my top down