[Intro]

[Hook: Z-Ro]
Throwing up a deuce and giving dap
Somewhere down the Boulevard just Holdin' Slab

[Verse 1: Kirko Bangz]
Say, I'm so mothafuckin throwed
You already know
Keep a bad bitch and she pouring up my fo'
But watch my mobile flows
Everything I got, I got with my paper
My momma say she proud I'm in the skyscraper
And she pray I get a seat up there with God later
Cuz all the things I do, I know I drive her crazy
When I'm rolling in my slab, niggas know they can't compare
Why you tryna give me dap?
You don't know me like that
All these women on me. I just pass them to my homies
Used to want them damn Saucony's
Now Saucony probably know me
I'm steady coming down I can't believe it baby..
All these women in my city I done THESE lately
I'd be lying if I said it wasn't me baby
And if I said I ain't been feeling like a king lately

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Kirko Bangz]
Say, all of these niggas they stuntin'
They know that they really can't do it like me
And all of these women ain't know that these niggas
Gon' really be poppin' like me
And I put it down for the niggas that's done
And they barely got money to eat
I'm showing my niggas I came from the same situation
Now look at a G
Showing and flossing these diamonds
But shit it ain't really about that
But shit when you tryna make listen to every lil' word
Like you was a prophet
And no ho, I will not pay for no pussy
I promise you won't get a profit
Hard dick and a piece of that bubble mint
That's your profit
Your bitch ain't better than my bitch. Your bitch ain't better than my bitch
And if she is, I'll make my bitch go turn her into my bitch
Your bitch ain't better than my bitch. Your bitch ain't better than my bitch
And if she is me and my bitch gon' turn her into our bitch
Man she used to trick them little niggas
I laced her up. I put some pimp in her
And now she tricking all the big niggas
10K to go to dinner with her

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Z-Ro]
Uhhh
Damn right I'm holdin' slab and throwing up the deuce
Not talking two fingers either. Bitch, you see all this blue
Ya'll think I'm pimping cuz I receive money from prostitutes
Does that mean I'mma feed me family? Goddamn right that's what I got to do
King of the ghetto entertainment
I'm the rapper plus the CEO
Since 2009 it's been ten-thousand dollars to see me flow
Damn near broke my back just to be here
I make it look so easy though
M.C. Gusto ass niggas take yo ass back to CB4
Why I get pulled over when I'm standing still?
Mr. Officer you know you can kiss my ass for real
Bitch, wipe your feet before you jump your ass in here
I shop every 10 hours just bring you
Leave all them bags in here
Appetizers [?] smoke all day 'chout for the main meal
You is a bad motha- Shut yo mouth!
Now that's what Joseph Quaine is
The phantom,let the roof down
And the bentley,let the roof back
I ball so long I've fallen and can't remember how to do that

[Hook]