Culture Power45 ft. Zoser, Qwazaar, Czar, Hellsent, and ADaD - “Devilish”
[Emcee(s): Zoser, Qwazaar, Czar, Hellsent, and ADaD]
[Producer(s): 5ifth Element]

[Intro: Sample from [?] - “[?]”]
Can you close this door?
That opened with our touch

[Interlude 1: Zoser]
Devilish.  Yeah, the devilish.  That right.  Yo

[Verse 1: Zoser]
Ayyo, my haze sparked sitting in Hayes Park and sipping
Raised smart, so when faith talks, I listen
Braveheart, some missing and some got ‘em
The reason for the gun problem: some squeezing
And some robbing.  There goes somebody’s son dropping
The real nigga fought on, but the scared one shot him
These little niggas peel crazy, run up in
Your crib, and they even kill babies and old ladies
Nothing’s for certain.  It’s really no, maybe
My friends so shady, and it’s been slow lately
And so I’m to bagging weed, packing kis
Visualizing me inside them rap magazines
In my hat, sagging jeans.  It’s hard to sleep ‘cause
All I got is dreams.  I walk the streets, seeing
Hella shit.  My part of town’s so irrelevant
All the money’s up north, enforced by the devilish

[Verse 2: Qwazaar]
I can see
Them lines like [?] the dream talks, so you
Could see them motherfuckers—they be overflowing buckets
Feel the evil all around us, and now it’s pausing
In the sound, now it’s born from the ground, now it’s fathering
A child, and now it’s found us.  If I make it
To the AM, promise you won’t let the Devil take my skin
They’ll never let him find much ‘cause I’ll be anything
And everything except him.  I cannot accept
Him, breathe deeper for the fallen as they haul off
All this greed.  Mama looking at the body couldn’t recognize
The heat.  There’s something hidden in the silence that she keep
Smiling when she speak (Devilish)

[Verse 3: Czar]
My story
Climbs up by the hour, minutes, seconds
Steady elevating the method of madness.  Now check it:
Room all covered in red.  Now was it me
Or the curtains that did it instead?  Losing my grip
While reality slips through my fingertips—she flipped
The script.  Hit by that double-whammy quick
Now what kind of situation is this?  Staring death
In the mirror, itching to kiss.  Paranoia
Making me sick—the consequence: searching the Earth
For the answers to why I exist—they’re full of shit
Population control through religious oppressing
Your vision.  Thought I was trapped by the market system
Divine wisdom was my release.  Found peace
The immediately, the drama ceased
Opening up the clouds, the Sun has a feast on the weak
My sound track—devilish fiends meeting defeat

[Verse 4: Hellsent]
Watch out
For the death trap.  This shit is designed to trip you
The real horned nigga who tell lies is crippled
And spun a web—the Son of Sam is so simple
Increase the crime [?]
But I travel on.  The scriptures say this is Babylon
With harlots in our water, this a New World Order
Got you falling back, but I ain’t scared of nobody
Catch me rolling up a sack in a White House lobby
This is politics, business suits, and broken promises
Reptiles, and selfish men who here to conquer this
With briefcase in hand, money on their mind
They carve up the world and feed us swine
Devils got me loading up my 9, waiting for
The war to start, put it in a rhyme.  Shine like
A jewel.  The mind is a tool [?]
Any devil [?] the guillotines

[Verse 5: ADaD]
Innocent bystanders trapped from clapped hammers
Summon the sirens with screams, the crabs clamor
Streets sullied with the obscene, a foul cancer
You’re dancing in a devilish dream with no answer
Your muzzle made the mercury sing, the air flared up
Them bullets got a body to bring—it won’t spare us
You got to let your testicles swing—fuck a fair one
You’re muddling through miserable means—that’s a no-no
Cowards need power—watch a bitch turn BOLO
Sixteen in a band, standing, chamber got a solo
If you out of pocket, I hope that you can rock it
‘Cause the instrument is impotent if you don’t got the gold though
Get it up to win (Win), put it down to lose (Lose)
If you’re here to live (Live), you better make it move
We all inherit sin (Sin)—yo, who the fuck are you? (You?)
A sheep in iron skin (Skin), a motherfucking fool (Fool)