[Anacron]
F swag, I got schwing
Def rag, fresh threads. hot wings
Dirty shoes, Nudie blue jeans
He's got a grown-cut crease, tough steez, 'nuff creez
Got them on that new slang
Got them all-black new frames, show them how I do things
You lames think you're on a new thing
Didn't get it when I did it back in '02, mayne

[Tajai]
Slang professor, Scha-wing possessor
Dresser full of treasures, I swear my whole presence is refreshing
"Where you get those?" What, these, dog? The thrift sto'
Pair them with something you swear I paid a grip fo'
Wingtip-toes, intricate rogues
Fashionistas see my pieces and they just fold
Your tailor is your friend, yeah, so treat him right
They see me when I bail up in, cause he be like...

[Hook]
Schwing, schwing, schwing, schwing
Schwing, schwing, schwing, schwing

[Anacron]
I'm 'bout this, see my outfits?
Biters hating, concentrating like Auschwitz
Fools be hanging on my pouch with
Ladies on my couch, Pootie Tang'ing "Cappa chow, bitch!"
Wa-da-tah, I got a lot
Of ways to blow it up, I'm hella bomb Jihad Allah
You're so phony, all eyes on me
And children turn invisible; call me Joe Kony

[Firewater Redstarr]
I'm on my West Coast thang, shawty said "we say 'thing'"
I'm a certified swag-killer bitch, I got Schwing
Hear me, all I do is win baby, money ain't a thing
If you're looking for me, I fly with the hawks (that's big)
Let's my nuts swing, married to the hustle, no ring
VIP the only place them haters see me (that's schwing)
Firewater man stay buzzing and I know it's got to sting
Sky pirate, no pilot; skywalker no wings, hawkin'

[Hook]
Schwing, schwing, schwing, schwing
Schwing, schwing, schwing, schwing

[Qwazaar]
First thing in the morning [?] and turn they swag on
But nevermind brushing their teeth and washing their assholes
Hmmmmm. Who really want to do, but they do, you find them dudes
Telling them "move back," forever on our own shit
Get a flick, need to be boxed in a pixel
You need a million in resolution or bigger just to figure
Shit, ain't nobody catching our meaning, or get the schwing man
Bet ain't no place you'd rather be than, not even dreaming

[Anacron]
Always on that awesomely aesthetical
Hella cool, biters hoping that it's taste-testable
Because my flavor's so edible
Vegetables incredible, vegans call it impeccable
Beauty so ineffable, eff a fool's name brand
Floss my name, and no one can look the same, man
That's the game plan; I'm a pro, respect it
Girlies saying, "'Cron is so eclectic! He be like..."

[Hook]
Schwing, schwing, schwing, schwing
Schwing, schwing, schwing, schwing

[Illspokinn]
Well it don't mean a thing, if it ain't got that Schwing
Swing low sweet chariot, no carats in the 'lobes, natural carrot cake
Pirates ain't no pants painted-on-type reminders of the stylish
Check it: All that swag baby, too much effort
Yes it's Ill, fresh kicks, attitude as accessories, sex-ay
No lenses / frames in the club, one sense of game
Piques the interest and the senses of the dames - schwing!

[Anacron]
Stingy brim like Ben Vereen
Looking good in slim-cut jeans, I'm slim but lean
Grinchy men bite trends from me
But I got trim from queens loving scha-wing
300-dollar jeans with a 5-dollar tee and some 20-dollar sneaks
And I still get it from the freaks
Because it ain't about the gear, it's ME. They be like...

[Hook]
Schwing, schwing, schwing, schwing
Schwing, schwing, schwing, schwing