[Verse 1]
The hood lane kinda naked, so I'ma take it
Been here before. my rhymin’ ancient, and I'm endangered
When everything awkward, I gotta change it
Bringin' a swag, whip game like a dominatrix
Hot headed with no kinda patience
While I recline they tastin’
More than half of my life vagina chasin'
I dream of purple by the dump truck
I'm poppin' all across the boards, surf's up
Label black and purped up
Hustle like a traffic bum, the golden voice rapper, son
Louis to the shoe, we bling dappered up for half of 'em
I'm double action averagin', fuck love and marriage
I’m happy!, rollin’ stones, spittin' image of pappy
Get at me, spar with a G, 10 in my keky;
Chroic cheese chaser, troupies tryna trap me!
Rewards’ll snatch me, no love for the law
My lawyer back me (uh!)
Money's the root of evil (yeah!) and my root exactly
Tax me

[Chorus:]
Eyes wide, that's how it happens
On the corner (on the corner) (uh!)
Eyes wide, that's how it happens
On the crooked cold corner (crooked cold corner)
Protection’s gettin' stronger
Walk around with your head in the ground
You'll be a goner (be a goner)
Eyes wide, that's how it happens
On the corner (on the corner) (uh!)
Eyes wide, that's how it happens
On the crooked cold corner (crooked cold corner)

[Verse 2]
Ugh, I'm sharper than the wood on a splinter
Sit back and let the king record
You know me, I OD, Shinobi when I swing my sword
Minds think by the grip, my way outta the whip
Been chasin' Fetti all week, Sundays I pop my shit!
Born a boy, world in my palm, Stockton grip!
Stumble cross the outfit, I'ma kill my "Beef & Broccolis" with
R.I.P. to Hewy-O and Kev!
I know they lookin' down on me
Therefore I make a movie on the reg
Stupid speech jacuzzi on the ledge
I hate the stupid groupies on my leg
Drag 'em like a chain and ball
Fuss cause I'm famous, funny, I ain't want the fame at all
Fuck ya gonna sleep on a bank? I remain appalled
When I have a baby, that baby spoiled
Build for the storm like a Navy Seal, 2-11 Mercedes wheel
Chill, imagine me without a record deal
Southside on the fuckin' map, lil' niggas tuckin steel
Still!

[Chorus]