[Verse 1: Tony Yayo]
American Sniper with the rifle
Whippin' that yay, them girls like you
It's me, myself and I and the scrap in the car
Cause I love myself like Kendrick Lamar
In the hood at my own leisure
Cause once you get a name homies want a name to leave ya
Killers all up in my iPhone
Homies wanna test you when your gun go warm
The rap game soft, but I'm still raw
Your boss can't see me like the eject button on a PlayStation 4
44. bulldog, take your top off
Watch Power in HD, the [?] take off
The street life is a gamble, swipers gettin' kidnapped
Cause he livin' like LeBron, livin' in the [?]
Never D ride for protection
Never claim a set if you don't know your lessons
Thank God for my blessings, Versace stoffers
Gettin' head while the room spin
I see that codeine kickin' in
I ain't got no type, bad chick with a bitch friend


[Verse 2: Lloyd Banks]
The season started, I ball retarded playing hard
I owe you something, get it from me on my way to God
Probably should've been a pointgard the way he logged
I just took that straight-jacket off yo crazy bra
Able on that birthday, make the ladies sob
Riddler with the wordplay, I'm the greatest, dawg
Just got my Cali Twins back, guess I'm a lucky brother
Pickin' my two new ones up, they wanna *uh* each other
It's the new Banks, check out my remix
Hey, [?], flashin' money got 'em sea sick
Vision how I'm smoking, how many [?]
[?] seats, push that with my emcee [?]
Word is bond, I'm goin' goin' goin' gone
Music loud, weed loud, all I roll is strong
Perfect body on a highway of a told-me-wrong
Hop up on your good foot, get your Toby on

[Verse 3: Young Buck]
I'm wearin' up the [?] only counter top
Whippin' this pot around the clock
Every block around here hot
When I get rich I'mma stop
I got pounds all in my momma house
Cocaine in my cousin' crib
Some of my family don't mess with me
But it's cool, y'all, cause I don't mess with them
I got an AK bullet with yo name on it
Got a white T with a brother' brains on it
Blue chug, got a blood stain on it
A knife on the end, and it came on it
I'm on that Activis and I'm active [?]
Unwrappin' it, packin' it
So much money, I'm paranoid
Hopin' the FEDs don't snatch it
I know you wishin' I'd take another loss
They just wishin' they could catch a geek in sneak
And take a brother rubber off
I'm cross-country with the cartels
Move the work, I got mob ties
DEA hate brothers like me
But I'm God in y'allz eyes

[Verse 4: Tony Yayo]
Porcelain guns don’t show in X-rays
F radio play, I'm in the PJ’s
Model set you up cause they thirsty
I messed up a couple mill, nobody help me
On the phone, I need 50 pair of Con' Yeezy's
Connect said 20 more and you can get some freebies
Trust no-one, strapped on the highway
Friends turn pros loud to the popo good Friday
I said the devil all around me
No snitches in my circle, no federals around me
Yeah, if it's beef, then it's good night
Hit and run, it's a Suge Knight
Get your homie in the wind pipe
We pour the coke Amber Rose in the dope black China
Rollin' the Rolls with two girls and a flamer
Dope ball in the strainer, that's the life of an entertainer
Got a lot of enemies, feel like the whole damn industry
The Unit got a lot of enemies, it feel like the whole Damn industry

[Verse 5: Lloyd Banks]
Yo, you may get the work on, but I'm out here workin' harder
Number #1, I put that on my automatic starter
Man, stop tellin' her not to go outside, you're not her father
That fuckin' only makes 'em fly further, why bother?
Got the wolf down the slope and clap on the mole
I got a stable of pros, you don't chase and they call
Man, I'm chasin' the grit and makin' it flip
My haters are broke, all my neighbors are rich
Who you with? She caught up in my [?]cause my diamond's good
She don't get it goin', then she gotta go
It's only right, yo, I been dreaming this since 9 years old
Sharper than a leprechaun, pot of gold
Take a sniff, I got these pussies by the nose
You only lookin'', watch out, let me buy my clothes
We gettin' to the money, vamonos
Wreckin' ball, how I knock 'em down, dominoes
[?] you crazy, you got the people snoring
And I'm balling, fuck you, pay me
Get me everything up front, in case there ain't no comin' back
I'm back here stuntin' on these bottles, raise 'em by the stack
Shawty said I'm special, told her shut the fuck up
She don't care bout you, boy, she just wanna come up
Matter fact get on your knees, don't even come up for air
Don't get these on my pants, they like 800 a pair

[Verse 6: Tony Yayo]
It don't stop, Self
Ball and party like Johnny Manziel
Zinattys in my feet, trapped in hell
They got my homie in the jail, but that ain't really mean shit
Came home and he plotted on me quick
Yeah, I said your Jordans better [?]
Effen fade, I'm gettin' homies dirt naps

[Verse 7: Lloyd Banks]
Million styles out here, why the jacking mine for?
Getting to the money, I'mma hit my number mindful
She call me all the time, I never got the time
Know I hit her with my left, right, up, down flow
Out in Cabo, private jet to Oslo
[?] groupie favors at the Cosmo
All white Gallardo, name that bitch Pablo
Smoking on that famous, watch you haters with my eyes closed
Baby please, hit valet for my keys
Mask on [?] and your envy is the Z's
[?] Gucci like my sheets
Hold them [?] up now I'm all they wanna sleep with