2 G's up! {Whoooooooooooooooooooo Kiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiid! }
This is... the countdown... 'til the next nigga... {DAMN! }
F*ck 'em!
You might see me in the GT with the TV or the BP with the scanner (yeah!)
It ain't easy to defeat me if they leave me with the hammer
(yeah!)
Paranoia! - Cause the DT's wanna squeeze me in the slammer (yeah!)
From my impeccable grammar Bishop of the street - crime planner (uh!)
I done flew round put the crew down, but I'm SouthSide to the root clown
With a new pound an improved sound and I'm need deep in the group now! (whoo!)
Green leaf in the Coop now and O.G. in the Silver-mix
Higher than a falcon now - 4 pockets popping out!
{DAMN! }
Who visit? - A clown say he f*cking with me, he dizzy!
I paved the way for these niggas - and this the thanks they give me
My position is shaking shivery (huh?) - my niggas are making history
I'm a carry this shit to new hights - figured out to take you with me
{Whoooo! }
I'm shifty! - I'm slimy! (slimy) Sket wherever you find me
That's Whiskies! - I'm grimey! (grimey!) So are the niggas around me
Come get me! - You line me (line me!) - I'm coming to hit your lobby
Don't swiftly! - You'll prob'ly (prb'ly!) get ripped up with the shotty
{OOH! }
Nigga Dream, dream on! - I'm too strong!
You think they geel you in the streets you wrong!
Niggas been rapping like a actin' like a bitch too long
Same clique new song - what type of shit you on? {? }
Me? - I'm on that loyal shit, I ain't got nothing for you shit
F*ck outta here, I saw you shit! - Insults are all you get act up! (act up!)
And get smacked up! (smacked up!) - I put them stacks up! (stacks up) - Get yo' rap'd up! (rap'd up!)
Maybe if you put some time in to your rhyming you'll find him
Yeah, I'm marble to a diamond I'm shinin' and climbing
I'm the definition of grinding! With preminition inside him!
I'm demolition a problem! - They reminiscin' about him
And y'all know! {DAMN! }
- I go where the gwap go in the taho
With the drop low; I got the rap game in a knot so - from here on out I'm top 4. {OOOOOAAAAOOOHHHH! }
See you at the top, hoe! - King like it or not yo!
Blings lightin' the block bro, you swingin' and see the Glock blow!
Nigga Dream, dream on! - I'm too strong!
You think they geel you in the streets you wrong!
Niggas been rapping like a actin' like a bitch too long
Same clique new song - what type of shit you on?
Me? - I'm on that loyal shit, I ain't got nothing for you shit
F*ck outta here, I saw you shit! - Insults are all you get act up! (act up!)
And get smacked up! (smacked up!) - I put them stacks up! (stacks up) - Get yo' rap'd up! (rap'd up!)