[Intro]
"That’s it. Joey Zasa. He can't be doing this alone. Ugh, just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in!"

[Verse 1: Lloyd Banks]
The smell of speed is in the air
When known for smoking path
A bunch of different people, one building
Tonight we culture clash
I ain't supposed to be here, my nigga
Them lives be over fast
Young'ns disappear, then be bigger
Looks like he chose the AVE
Look how I treat my inferiors, not my equals
Gold skin chronic interior, peep my prequel
Don't let that glitter deceive you
She'll get one up, you'll bleed too
Very seldom you'll squeeze through
Check my propellers from diesel
Every weekend I be lit up
Tailored for fly drops
Up and down one of the side blocks
She licks the eye of cyclops
Party not, Givenchy star, my high tops
My chain hit and bring her pretty ass home
That Loubie RBI pops
Play them games around here, be in that sky box
Ain't no freedom of crime props
Bestin me just Rewind. Stop
Shout out to lye shops
Every one of them on my time slot
Shocks to those who think I can't do it
I'm thinking "Why not?"

[Hook: Lloyd Banks]
Nobody said it would be easy, baby, you believe me?
No battles will take the fun out at all, never defeat me
Drop a diamond for the coolest nigga
I'm back to shining with my movie nigga
Know they've been waiting, time to deliver
Where the real motherfuckers at?
Too many faking now, what's up with that?
I'd rather get to it, one up to Mac
I tipped a mountain, there ain't no coming back
A thousand dimes, I fell in love with racks

[Verse 2: Raekwon]
What up, son? Umbrella handguns
45 hammers coming, all of these Samantha on par
Keep shedding campus running
Newscaster cameras come
Nickel plated cannon gun
Bystanders chased by the highlanders, I plan to rumble
War rich thugs, a few rich cubs
Hide money inside the screw twist tubs
And, yo, smoke weed, bring monster trees
Petrified niggas who testified
Get blown down, electrified
Hard niggas used to starve a nigga
Rob the rob niggas, now we flex the cars
Eating [?}, my nigga
Build minx style, wild I berry and lynx style
Dressed a drawer full of shells, I think childish
What you want to do? My money be up too
And we be up all week laying to interrupt you
Sprinter trucks, roll up
What's up killer, fuck you!
Red carpet, you're out
Blaow, look up, BOOM!

[Hook: Lloyd Banks]

[Verse 3: Lloyd Banks]
One wrong makes me angry, two wrongs makes it even
One of the greatest MCing
Homie, the date i should be in
Homie, I take out the legion
Stone me and call me
Holy mattress from the hoes I'm holding
Hollering season
Man, I do it cause its therapeutic
Better I use it, tough as leather music
Straight since the teacher who severed students
Off the head with Judas
I had to make it, I'm from South Jamaica
Put here to drop everybody, me and my taser
Hit the city, she's going to drop through the party, 3 AM favors
These days they gave us well spent, champagne bent
I need a famous wall to paint my tape on
You ripped the seal of napalm
And it's raining, hate storm
Triggers reveal an A-bomb
Jeweler ice me the fuck up
Freeze out my demons
Lightening 'Rarri speaking
Holy bars reroute the Heathens
One is for the money, two is for the money
Two doors too late to lose me with time
They looking for me...

[Hook: Lloyd Banks]