You never have you ever seen another
With my enviroment society made me tough as rubber
They tryin' me! - So let's resolve the situation violently finally
"Some real niggas that move around silently ho... "
{BRING IT BACK! }
I - never have you ever seen another
With my enviroment society made me tough as rubber
They tryin' me! - So let's resolve the situation violently finally
"Some real ni... "
{DAMN! }
You never have you ever seen another
With my enviroment society made me tough as rubber
They tryin' me! - So let's resolve the situation violently finally, {Whooooooooooooooooooooooooooo}
"Some real niggas that move around silently honestly! " {Kiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiid! }
These niggas couldn't see me through a mad glass, (uh-uh!)
They mad ass! - I'll sum 'em up in a paragraph. (yeah!)
A fire cracker to a shot gun barrell blast!
I can't do nothing but laugh - at your coward ass!
{DAMN}
Bring your crew I'll knock 'em down to half off
One by one I'll golf the rest I got it on Alcatraz. (LOCK!)
On my off days I'm poppin' tags
Cars full of shopping bags - same spending habit my poppa had. {Whoooooooooo Kiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiid! }
Don't take a name if you ain't got similar ways (why?)
Had the original rolling round in his grave. (haahhhh!)
If he living me, upset in his cage
In the street is on work - got one second to play
Hey! - The difference between me and them is (what?)
You only see me in rimmers and they still pay rent. (uh-huh!)
I only trust my gut feelings so the steel he kept
The side say Glock, they wheels say Bent' (yeah!) - I got that real paint sent. (whoo!)
I'd probably be in jail, it's up to them
I'm drivin' morally therfore I feel like f*ck a friend!
Family ties last longer - strong as long as they growing marijuana, I'm straight!
It keeps me calm for the hate. (YEAH!)
My flow get a phenominal rate
Jealous niggas can't stomach it tha domino's? brave? 
I'm timing is great! - Remind you of cake! - "Money In The Bank"!
Nigga bet on this
- I'm what they ain't! (yeah!)
Your favorite rappers my biggest fan (hah'!)
Puttin' that trash out and I'm a clean it all up spick and spam. (yeah!)
You can't punch for punch, you need a bigger hand!
Nigga damn! - You jacking the way a nigga stand!
Kill yourself! Pull the trigger, BLAM!
You ain't a guy, just the middle man, big dreams little plan!
You ain't even rhyme rat (rat!) - and I'm a coach
I put hands on ya bob knight (knight!) - you f*cking roach!
I'm tucking toast, I got my mind right! (YEAH!)
So don't get close you'll overdose upon this hard white we "Terminating On Sight"!
560 all white (po! po!) - automatic 4 pipes
Reefer addict quarter cube - we gone smoke it all tonight!
In case you ain't know... {"5 AND BETTER! "}
This the PLK flow! {YEAH! }
In that new S-3!
Ain't nobody f*cking with me!