Yeah! I don't gotta care or fear
Cause ain't nothing but artillery over here
For you wanna-be thugs, killing me with your stares
Stare at this, matter-fact here, disappear
Go getta! Cause niggas will set up they whole life in wait
Turn into these internet gangsters that's typing hate
Music, movies all type of cake
.9s, Uzis I got Sniper cake

[Intro:]
PLK! {BRING IT BACK} [scream]

[Verse:]
Yeah! I don't gotta care or fear
Cause ain't nothing but artillery over here
For you wanna-be thugs, killing me with your stares
Stare at this, matter-fact here, disappear

[Interlude: 50 Cent]
Ayo pull that back, man!
Ayo play that again man, you know what I'm sayin'? [beat starts again]

[Intro:]
PLK!

[Verse:]
Yeah! I don't gotta care or fear
Cause ain't nothing but artillery over here
For you wanna-be thugs, killing me with your stares
Stare at this, matter-fact here, disappear [Gunshot]
Go getta! Cause niggas will set up they whole life in wait
Turn into these internet gangsters that's typing hate
Music, movies all type of cake
.9s, Uzis I got Sniper cake
I had it hard, now my life is straight vehicle without the plate niggas don't hear you when you out the state
When you're local, you're easy to locate
Believe me, the game need me, it's so fake!
Just cause he good with numbers don't mean he slangin' and
Every nigga' wearing Bandannas ain't bangin'
Paper weight got my pants hanging and
I got my belt on money just that long
Niggas change, see you then their hearts ain't good
My whip grain! Money only knock on wood
Keep it on ya! Ain't no time to pop no hood
I know this, cause I grew up where the pot roll good
I'm in the streets loving the money that keep coming
King magazine onion, Jeans hugging
Niggas mean mugging, cause my 16s buzzin' [Whoo]
It's hard! - They want whip creme from him. [Kiiiid!]
Pound for pound he can't fuck with son
And I'm good all by myself, they can't jump the gun
You got heat where's it coming from? Cause you in the drop 'til the summer done, you don't really Fuck with them!
Cause I give a fuck with wings on it
And walk around with shirts with the strings on it
Ain't nobody stoppin' Banks! I put my rings on it
Kitchen sink on it my lady and I'm mink on it
Drink on it! - No [? ], I got the burner black
I ain't scared of none of you muhfuckers, Bernie Mac
Can I bring New York back, the Coke turn to Crack
Probably do the same shit over if I can turn it back
Slides don't matter, I'll pop a leg out a quarter back
7 foot sen(d) 'em, sumo wrestler and all of that
Pussies get drowned, drink water from where the toilet at
Bitch niggas down and last, all for a pack
Matter of fact, we losing 'em, give that boy a smack
A hit from a shot lick couldn't revive balling rap
I'll send niggas to the store and back Diddy shit
Grown ass man not the one to get silly with
Broads love me! I'm fresh fly, really slick
And I got game so she gone give up the kitty quick!
You can't blame her, I'm the biggest pick around
She ain't want me back in the day, but shit is different now!
You know I'm a digg her down. Fuck it, I get you one twice
The only one that could huh, dumb nice!
Officer ask me if I'm color blinds, I run lights!
Then it's to the interstate, top gun pipe!