It's okay to hate me!
Hahah!
Uh! - Fresh as I land on the aircraft from Japan (uh!)
Courtesy of Hawaii I be everywhere I can
Same salt, different sand (yeah!)
They hate you everywhere you go whenever you're the man, life's a bitch, hold her hand
Niggas switch, hold or slam
I overstand! - I got the - mind of an older man inspiration all over 'gain. (whooo!)
I looked up to niggas like Kane and Rick (uh-huh!)
Then 'Pac and Big, you niggas turned this game to shit. (uh!)
Mary is my favorite bitch! (uh-huh!)
She treat me good, make it better when you make me sick
I am the hood! - I'm scoopin' her while you babysit
All night, heatin' the food and cleanin' baby shit and she out in her bathing suit
She peeped me in the latest Coupe, I f*cked her in the same car
You ain't got a bit of loot; nigga whatcha frames are? ! (uh-huh!)
Nigga whatcha shoes is? ! - How the f*ck do you live? !
Man how the f*ck you get here? ! Ya shit weird and useless!
The truth is - niggas couldn't catch me if I slowed down (uh!)
I roll round (uh!) fo' pound (uh!) kush whip (uh!) tore down. (whoo!)
Who told you this was your town? Well - I beg to differ if I
Get my hands on it, it's mine! - I'm jack the ripper in prime! (YEAH!)
Look what came outta the grind perfect rhyme
White Porsche it's just a matter of time, planned it in back of my mind. (YEAH!)
Every morning that passage is the same
So we smoke all night - purple grass away the pain. (whoo!)
Take cover from the pouring - cause that's the way it rain
The odds ain't on ya side find a faster way to change. (why? !)
Cause one package of 'caine could snatch you out the game
Conspiracy! - Co-operators passin' out ya name
Are ya hearin' me? (YEAH!) - Things ain't always what they appear to be
It's clear to me, ya stomach ain't sittin' well - apparently
You got the wrong impression (uh!) but that's (uh!) what you get for guessin' (uh!)
Cause I hold (uh!) a Smith-N-Wesson (uh!) and I'm bulletproof investin' (uuuhhhh-oooohhh!)
Man I risk it everyday. - Shit! Look at my wrist
You'd have to carry somethin' too, you wore shit like this. (hahaha!)
I turn my jewelry green - and guess what they do? ! (what?)
Turn the jewelry green - monkey see, monkey do!
Ours come in by the two (whoo!), one for me, one for you
Us against everybody, f*ck you niggas wanna do!
Now I'm a make 'em all uncomfortable {Whooooooooooooooooooooooooo Kiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiid! }
Ya everynight nightmare, I daydream of slumpin' you