"MO MONEY IN THE BANK"!
CAN'T FORGET... Eminem! SHADY RECORDS!
WHAT?
Yeah! Shaaaady! {FREE TONY YAYO! }
Whooooo!
Haha! 50 Cent! {G-UNIT ALBUM... } GGG-GGG- G-Unit! {THE #4! } Haha!
Here we go again!
Yeah!
Uh-huh! Haha! {Whoooooooooooooo Kiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiid! }
Does it make you mad when I switch my flow?
You can't understand how I get my dough
50 Cent I'm on fire 'cause Shady said so! (HERE WE GO!) {WHAT? }
I'm on fire!
Everybody's
In a rush try to get the throne
I just get on the track and try to set the tone (RIGHT!)
I ain't tryna use nobody as a steppin' stone
But don't compare me - I'm better off jus' left alone
And I ain't even tryna go there with' record sales
I'm just tryna keep it humble and respect myself. (YEAH!)
Say: "What up? " - Keep steppin', and just rap D12
Keep my nose clean, stay away from weapons, jail {HAHA! }
And livin' wreckless. - But if you go check my belt
You may see something else I used to protect myself (YEAH!)
A Vest, to stop a Rueger and deflect the shells
And send 'em back at you faster than they left the barrel
And I don't even carry guns no more, I don't got to
Got undercover cops that'll legally pop you {Whoooooooo! }
And I done seen a lot of people cross the line (UH-HUH!)
But this motherf*cker Ja musta lost his mind. (WOOOO!)
That X! - Got him thinkin' he was DMX
Then he switched to 'Pac now he's tryna be him next
So which one are you? - X, Luther, 'Pac or Michael?
Just keep singin' the same song, RECYCLED!
We'd all much rather get along and fight you
Me and Hailie danced to your songs - we liked you!
And you don't really wanna step inside no Mic booth (UH-HUH!)
C'mon now, you know the white boy'll bite you
I hurt your pride dawg and you know I don't like to
But I will if I have to - with syllable after
Syllable I just slap ya
Killin' you fasta
Than you poppin' pill afta little pill of them tabs of
That shit you on! - But if you want it you got it
You'd bump this shit too, if we ain't diss you on it
But if we lock horns we can charge harder than Busta
We bump heads with' any motherf*cker that wants to! (WHOOOO!)
So what's the, deal where was all the tough talk?
When I walked up to you like: "Ja what up dawg? "
How come you didn't say you had a problem then?
When you was standin' there with' all your men - we coulda solved this then. (OOOH!)
I'm a grown man dawg come holla
All you did was slap hands, smile and swallow
Another one of them little X pills in front of me
And tell me 50 Cent was everything you wanna be. - Come on!
I - know - you don't want it with me
You - know - you don't want it with me. (YOU DON'T WANT IT WITH ME!)
You - talk - an' you soon will see
You - don't - wanna bump heads with me. {Whoooooooooooooooooo Kiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiid! }
I - know - you don't want it with me
You - know - you don't want it with me. (YOU DON'T WANT IT WITH ME!)
You- talk - an' you soon you will see
You - know - you don't want it with me
½TONY YAYO, COME ON! ½]
{WHAT? }
You couldn't son me if my father helped you
My punchlines is hot, my bars'll melt you. (WHAT?)
Ja! - You Stuart Little - shells'll lift you
Every other week I'm buyin' a new pistol. (WOOOO!)
I clap at your ass with this chrome 38
And put six thru your hats of seven 3/8! (C'MON!)
Irv you ain't Suge Knight! - You "Shook Night! "
I put my knife in ya wind pipe and freeze ya on the turnpike. (BRING IT DOWN!)
You know and I know who took ya chain
You got robbed two times so ya ass is lame
I'm down to die for this shit all I need is bail
You betta stick to tha movies with Steven Seagel! - (C'MON!) BITCH!
I - know - you don't want it with me
You - know - you don't want it with me
You - talk - an' you soon will see
You - don't - wanna bump heads with me
I - know - you don't want it with me
You - know - you don't want it with me
You - talk - an' you soon you will see
You - know - you don't want it with me
F*ck that! I'm miles away! {Whoooooo! } And these industry niggas startin' to get outta hand
I'm a find your where-abouts by stompin' 'em out ya man. (WHAT?)
Tellin' New York, even in Compton they understand, (BRING IT!)
I'm on the block where you (BRING IT!) was raised (BRING IT!) doin' chocolate out tha game an'
(BRING IT DOWN!) They see me more pop a boy for icey cause I could (WHAT?)
Shootin' guns for money you probably forgot your way around the hood, good! {LLOYD BANK$! }
Bitch when you paranoid it's hard to make a song
Now you want it with' us, half your artists got to make a point
Every magazine I own your on your knees takin' prayer pictures! (YEAH!)
And you ain't even got shot yet; you scared bitches!
You don't know nuttin' about what pain is sucka
I'll put your ass to the ground like a train conductor! (TRAIN CONDUCTOR!) - Muh'f*cker! (YEAH!)
I - know - you don't want it with me. (YOU DON'T WANT IT WITH ME!)
You - know - you don't want it with me
You - talk - an' you soon will see
You - don't - wanna bump heads with me. (WANNA BUMP HEADS WITH ME!)
I - know - you don't want it with me
You - know - you don't want it with me. {Whoooooooooooo! }
You - talk - an' you soon you will see
You - don't - wanna bump heads with me. (DON'T WANNA BUMP HEADS WITH ME!) {Whooooooooooooooooooo
Kiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiid! }
Yeah nigga!
Yeah!
Shady/Aftermath!
G-Unit!
F*ck you think they call us G-Unit for... cause we move Units!
Uh-huh! {HAHA! }
Don't think we ain't billin you for this motherf*cking studio time!
A matter of fact keep call it a 50 we'll call it even! Ha!
{Whooooooo! }
Yeah-yeah!
I know 50 Cent!
Let's gonna love this...
I'm out!
Can't forget... Lil' Joe...
For do the hardest covers!