Back with a vegence, minus the big pendants
Till the think my head big (yeah!) - but I got the same coat affendants. (uh!)
And rap is like tennis (why?) a bunch - a back and forth (forth!)
My ratchets, my racket! - That'll back 'em off! {DAMN! }
Off with a hater head - bury 'em still breathin'
Six feet in his own; burough for no reason
(yeah!) {Whoooooo! }
Now that is freezing I figured I'd put the Coops up
Get two trucks with smokey gray and blue guts a few bucks
To get you up, (whoo!) but Juice up - or ride around with the roof up
Cause if not - they snatch you right outta there, get outta here! (get outta here)
Marks on ya outer layer (outer layer!)
I'll lay ya down plus I'm 'bout it player ('bout it player!) - I get were I'm goin without a favor
(without a favor!) Without politics! - Tricks a feed pass
I need cash with seats fast with me I gotta eat
I am a Don with my feat! (YEAH!) - I don't know what song it is
But I have always liked the beat so therefore - it's mine or eat
Eat my Lamborghini dust! (er! er!)
Niggas is grimey so only in hammers we can trust till it's a slammer in them cuffs. {Whooooooooooooo}
I am legend! - I make mixtape heaven, {Kiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiid! }
Ya peasent? (ya peasent!) - You don't wanna be the 1-8-7, ya done? (ya done?)
I break bread into slum, (slum!) some so in the winter I come, (come!)
The swith siders won't work I tell 'em get 'em from numb
Your never sick of this! - Your related Christmas gift
The hating don't get the Chris; paper won't get you this!
Fake niggas? slidgerous?, (YEAH!) my balance is rediculous
These old niggas frivolous, you can't be serious! (can't be serious!)
They all on they periods, might as well make them bleed
All over they tight clothing (ugh!) - I pop shit, got metal for chest
Just like Logan! (ugh!) - Boom, lyric' explosin'
They can play the club all the time nobody knows him! (nobody knows him!)
But me on the other hand 3 to 7 lawsuits are open
I'm smoking, nigga! - New York City ain't joking!
My flow poten! - Stronger then a pure block
Warlock - attitude like I'm the one - YOU'RE NOT! (NOT!)
1964 drop! - 1982 boy! 2009 style!
You outta the blind now!
Well the best WHAT? - Over my gold casket
Fatherless child bastard (uh!) - if there is a requirment
Test then I've past it - with flying colors!
My flying spurring damn near all rim. - No rubber! (YEEEAH!)
I'm in - take cover, I been - where many won't go
You won't blow! - Tour the world and going back also. (going back also!)
Middle finger po'-po'. - They punks behind a badge
Watch ya back! - Don't eat cheese chunks I'm not a rat! (RAT!)
Keep pumps and .9s packed - or get line backed!
Flatline, line 'em up, we balling in diamond up! (uh!)
I'm all in and out a slut - nigga get your dollas up!
Ya proud of WHAT? (WHAT?) - Nigga you pouted up! (pouted up...)