[Verse 1]
Good thing my flow came with a tag
They runnin' off with my swag
I'm runnin' up in my jeweler, 100k in my bag
B.A.N.K. escort me to the paper
Kick game, sensai, best MC to date,sir
Baby screaming love must mistake me for dummy
Bottles poppin' while the moon up
Leave out when it's sunny shortie
Everyday a fun day, time flies when you're stuntin' boy
You workin' with them people? Then why you out here cuffin'?
Yeah I'm short on my awards, pockets full of money though
Pussy by the party, Chronic by the motherload
Money over bitches, that there's a whole other code
Dreams of lavish wishes
14 karat tub of gold
BMW whip around, I'm back on my shit now
Gym bag of that cash, y'all mad, big smile
Hoppin' out with a grip, with a light low, piff cloud
Clockin' out for my trip, with the right flow ima' get crowned

[Hook]
And our shit 'bout to get realier, cause I just left the dealer
And all I see is Benjamins when I look in the mirror
And you're shorter than my feelings, I'm standin' on the buildin'
It's showtime when them cameras on, and I just got that feelin'
Ima score, how could you ignore me? I've been workin' all day
What's up with this orgy? time to get it goin'
Gettin' drunk and smokin', parkin' up and clubin'
Goin home with somethin'

[Verse 2]
I'm the hardest on the street, I go Marlo on a beat
Ridin' around with no ceilin', Car note on my feet
These hoes are nothin' but sheep, I'm the shepard
And my neck lit, respect it, protect it
He buggin' out, infested
This Rose got me stumblin' out the Louie out in London
I'm coppin' by the double and I'm smokin' 'bout a onion
Used to dream to be a millionaire, who thought I'd become one? speakers
Knockin' trunks bumpin', Bentley, driver hear me comin'
Like a free throw when I rap, G code for my tat
Flood the VIP up, three hoes on my lap
All of y'all I'm better than, veteran on that medicine
Whips so fast your head will spin, come get some of this heroin
Blue(?) made for that camera, I'm flashy as shit
(?)Whooped in farmin'(?), well I'm enjoying my passionate flick
If they all bad, I ain't pickin', I'm clappin' the clique
I gotta high pick in the draft, with a contract to my dick
Them bitches down, then Lil Tina mix a round(?)
I'm liftin' off in London, bet the kid don't strick a pound
She already rolled the weed, I'm hittin' as soon as I hit the ground
I'm 'bout to make a movie, taken pictures now

[Hook]
And our shit 'bout to get realier, cause I just left the dealer
And all I see is Benjamins when I look in the mirror
And you're shorter than my feelings, I'm standin' on the buildin'
It's showtime when them cameras on, and I just got that feelin'
Ima score, how could you ignore me? I've been workin' all day
What's up with this orgy? time to get it goin'
Gettin' drunk and smokin', parkin' up and clubin'
Goin home with somethin'