Listen up I got a story to tell... (yeah!) {Whooooooooooooooooooooo! }
Listen up I got a story to tell... {"MONEY IN THE BANK"... DAMN! }
This one's about Puerto Rican ruiz gold covering two teeth (uh-huh!)
Unpredictable nigga - always in some new beef
At school he plans robberies on his loose leaf
Only 17 - with' the mind of a true theif. (yeah!) {NONE STOP! }
Never had the patience required to make it
So he takes it! - Flossin' with' the next man bracelet
Playin' the block wasted (uh-huh!)
And nobody'll smoke with' 'em, cause 9 times outta 10; he laced it!
Revolvers in his backpack
Money blendin' in cause he half black, movin' through the hood like a lab rat
Never been a good student (no done!)
Cause his whole wigs poluted, similar to the niggas he recruited
Like nappy head Chris - Pretty Ricky and Ronnie
Became best of friends, cause everyone of 'em grimey
Before they met, they all did they share of dirt, (dirt!)
Now that they together situations only got worse
See brew? (uh-huh!) He the mastermind (uh-huh!) always got a mission (uh-huh!)
But his trigger finger itchy, (uh-huh!) so the average nigga listen! (uh-huh!) {Whooooooo! }
He said his neck glisten, cause he caught a nigga slippin' (uh-huh!) (yeah!)
In the Benz with' a system with his lady friend kissin'; (uh-huh!) (*gunshot*)
But now this niggas sittin - breakin' down chumps on top
Of they textbooks - gettin' ready for they next jokes. (yeah!)
And he a big timer
I know his girlfriend Rolanda! She live Uptown by Pearl's Diner. {G-UNIT! }
The only thing left now is to find her
And get in her vagina
And send Ricky
The bitch picky
Weeks passed with her is no quickies - and walkin' through the city; (uh-huh!)
His eyes tattooed {GOD-... ! } on her titties. {DAMN! }
They stopped for drinks, drinks led to the crib
Crib led to the bed, bed led to a head
He popped the question, she said exactly where he stayed at
Cause he cheated on her twice and this is a way of payback. {Whoooooo! }
Now he on his way back, to Queens (wha'?)
Weapon in his jeans, goin' over the directions to the cream
But while he was gone, Ronny and Chris got arrested, (yup!)
Doing a side jynx nobody really expected. (yo!)
Now shits gettin' hectic - a four man army
Turned to 2 niggas - four arms and two triggers
But they ain't care, they can smell the money in the air; bust in the house
Loaded chrome stuffed in his mouth
Made him sit the f*ck on the couch
Snuffin' him out!
And ran to the back room
Punchin' holes through the bathroom
They found the stash (uh-huh) - ziplock bags
Full of cash! Along side of some potent ass hash. {Whooooooo! }
A week passed! - Brew actin' funny
Cause he ain't like the idea of another nigga with' money. - YEAH!
DAMN!
"MONEY IN THE BANK"... PART 1!
IT'S NOT FAIR!
LLOYD BANK$!
NEXT ON LINE!
SADA POP!