[Intro]
Welcome...
To the place I call home...
New York City's own...
Ridin round on chrome... (uh)
Even love to learn the streets...
Or leave 'em alone
'Cause you all alone...
Out here in the danger zone (uh, yeah)

[Verse 1]
You don't want the convicts to come through vex (yup)
Look at your feet make you 1, 2 step - you be Ciara, yep
You can scatter - and it might be even badder
If I kicked you on the bound; kick Nike in your bladder
I got the whole town hooked over this dope
And I'ma smoke 'til I'm old as the pope, serial baller remote
I ain't broke, I hit the store with a brick
Yeah, that's why they playin' tug of war with my dick
I used to have big dreams now all of 'em strip
Lingerie on silicon ballin' they tit
Niggas wind up in the sky over a dollar
Man I'ma keep it real (real), the most these niggas dyin' over 'nada
These babies need milk and baby mommas need Prada
And daddy got pride, that's why he got fried (uh)
And it happens every weekend that's why we outside
Buyin' cameras for the store, you niggas gon' need more (uh), yeah

[Chorus]
No need to run, real beef follows you
Everywhere you go, so
You don't need a hidin' space
You need a gun, you need a clip
A lil' heart, and it'll spark
Don't be a victim of society
(Know how it goes down out here, man...)
You better load up your weapon for you come outside (yeah)
'Cause niggas is scheme on ya, man, the hood ain't right
You'll be a victim of society

[Break]
Come take a look at where I come from (damn, damn)

[Verse 2]
Man, that's fucked up what happened to dude
Shorty all up on his (?) clappin' the Rug'
Retaliation from a robbery in back of the school
Left him bodily harmed, spin on it through the Gat and the bomb
It goes on out HERE, all day long out HERE
Pap, pop! BLAAATTT! - it's all I hear
Watch your back got a town that'd spray at your renters
Right in the parkin' lot like A-Wax in Menace
The money sent us our wave caps to Venice
Maybachs and spinners, gray plaques and dinners
I'm blowin' dro', you know haze black and spinach
If you hit it too hard, you'd be dazed back for minutes
Holla the wrong shit spend days at your dentist
Gettin' your teeth straightened, just 'cause you was hatin' (uh)
You met your maker, now it's time to meet Satan
And your burial is the only thing left and we waitin' (uh)

[Chorus]
No need to run, real beef follows you
Everywhere you go, so
You don't need a hidin' space
You need a gun, you need a clip
A lil' heart, and it'll spark
Don't be a victim of society
(You got to be a stupid motherfucker not to have one out here man...)
You better load up your weapon for you come outside
'Cause niggas is scheme on ya, man, the hood ain't right
You'll be a victim of society

[Break]
Stop all that pillow talkin' (yeah!)
That's how niggas get they shit knocked back...

[Verse 3]
These industry niggas playin' the role, they ain't from the street
They underestimate the strong and they pity the weak
Your boy gon' rep the Unit 'til they put him to sleep
That'll bring Vietnam to your hood in a bleak
Before I hop in my Impala with my head in the breeze
I say a prayer for the G's like my homeboy Cheese
There won't be no more pops and no more HP's
Shottie tied 'til his hip knockin' on his knees
Man, this is for the niggas in the can with a stretch
For the (?), and a lil' man from the 'jects
Where the loose cannons that understand that they next
'Cause they boxed in, caught in a jam and they stressed
I got no problem clippin' a rookie
Man you damn near bitch, all you missin' is the tits and the pussy
Yeah, I goes hard for the cheddar
'Til I sold more records than the whole Terror Squad put together

[Chorus]
No need to run, real beef follows you
Everywhere you go, so
You don't need a hidin' space
You need a gun, you need a clique
A lil' heart, and it'll spark
Don't be a victim of society
(You niggas know what it is, man...)
You better load up your weapon for you come outside (yeah)
'Cause niggas is scheme on ya, man, the hood ain't right
You'll be a victim of society

[Outro]
GGG-GGG-G-Unit!
Yeah!