(Chorus)
It only feels good when you come up
Cause I remember how it was when I was down
Thought I forgot? (Nah)
Nobody on my block thought I would pop (F**k ya'all)

When you on top niggas want you shot
Why do you think we still keep all these guns around?
Ain't nothing change
I'm still the same

(Verse 1)
I'm just getting out of my bed
The pain in my head from a hang over
It's hard as hell to remain sober
I'm looking swell on that range rover
Soldier, And my bitch don't know nothing more than what I told her
Ever since the stoller
I've been a roller
A rider, a lot of shit changed now that i'm older
Move over, nigga this is my shit now
You see the way his head spin whenever I wear brown
The game's f**ked up if I sit down
So I get up
Strap my vest under my shirt, button my shit up
Then roll through the crowd, lit up
Just to hurt their stomachs from the result of a thousand push-ups
You gotta love how i'm doing this
If I get board, i'm gonna call Jacob, tell put a little brew in this
Haters wanna ruined this
Cause I get paid and I walk around high all day like a stewardest

(Chorus)
It only feels good when you come up
Cause I remember how it was when I was down
Thought I forgot?
Nobody on my block thought I would pop (Yeah)

When you on top niggas want you shot
Why do you think we still keep all these guns around?
Ain't nothing change
I'm still the same

(Verse 2)
The way I deliver these verses
Tends to keep the song alive
All the weak shit crumble only the strong survive
And with that in mind
I'm tusling with 3 or 4 chicks at a time
Fore fists about to blind
Rubber grips by the spine
I'm lazy as hell
But the chicks love the ground
The strip love the crown
I try to keep my bars so good so they don't get knocked
And run into a pit stop before a shit pop
It's all f**ked up, niggas pointing finger in the court room
Till the consequences and cooperating get brought to him (Snitch!)
And ya'll know the punishment for those that past
It's a closed casket, black bag made of plastic
Ever since I blew I...
Been listening to (????)
Now i'm out in (????)
Niggas never knew I
Making it first class whenever I do fly
Knowing Jake wanted to see the whole crew fry

(Chorus)
It only feels good when you come up
Cause I remember how it was when I was down (Haha)
Thought I forgot?
Nobody on my block thought I would pop (Yeah)

When you on top niggas want you shot
Why do you think we still keep all these guns around? (Haha)
Ain't nothing change
I'm still the same