Uh! - If you a G, this for you! (for you...)
Possessive mind, if I see it I pursue. (uh!)
Take a look at where I come from - you'll see what I been thru (thru!)
Snake niggas get be-headed, guillotine 'em out the crew
Funny thing is without you - I wouldn't have a clue!
On what to do when ran into - a lady such as yourself (yeah!)
Not lady as in a gender - but lady as in character
My lady heart bigger. (bitch!) - I love my Glock, married her! (whoo!)
Carried her thru my daily, they mad - they can't get near me
Think I won't - hit ya, dare me, you'll be smoked, CLICK, ya hear me? (hear me?)
But not really! - Shout to all the haters (yeah!)
Cause that's all they really want - attention from money makers!
With' mansions and friendly neighbors (uh!) - and VVS lasers (uh!)
Pool parties, bitches in bikinis doin' favors
Had negative niggas raised us. - And gave us the game
Planned everything carefully. - Prepared to be the mane. (mane!)
The hatin' don't get me! - Them switch-siders won't switch me (naah!)
They wishy! - And disloyal - broke and shifty!
If we really want you gone, then you'll be gone - don't wrong!
Sad song, they been frontin' mad long. - Blast on 'em!
Laugh at em'! Gas face 'em, chase 'em
To the train station!
Cause you know he don't push shit! (push shit!) - Neck full of bullshit (bullshit!)
I'm ridin' with' a full clip! Same clique, SouthSide
No bright colors, all black when we outside. {Whooooooooooooooo Kiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiid! }
Dressed up and Vest'd up. - Hennessy in my stress cup (strees cup!)
Princess cut from the neck up, hand on my right and my left nut. (whoo!)
ESV'in cause Cadillac make the best truck
I fill 'em up with females, beggin' me to be sex'd up
Heaven is where we end up, cause it's been hot as shit here (shit here!)
It's gotta be hell! - How many died this year? (huh?)
Heavy fly wrist-wear; am I the guy? Shit, yeah! (shit, yeah!)
You deserve to sit, you give homicide tip, queer
I like my bitch rare! (naaah!) - Not all in the street!
That'll getcha peter rolled - meter blown all in ya seat. (in ya seat!)
We don't care if no one eat! - We don't trust them! (them!)
And they don't trust us; no one speak! - Grimey, 'til I go to sleep! (yeah!)
Chrome hearted Rover feet. - Nigga picture me trick!
You KNOW I'm cheap! (KNOW I'm cheap!) - I getcha seasick, the flow is deep. (deep!)
You getcha knees hit, ya fingers broke you STILL
Treatin' this shit just like the street - dope for sale! (eeee-eeeeehhh!)
The hatin' don't get me! - Them switch-siders won't switch me (naah!)
They wishy! - And disloyal - broke and shifty!
If we really want you gone, then you'll be gone - don't wrong!
Sad song, they been frontin' mad long. - Blast on 'em!
Laugh at em'! Gas face 'em, chase 'em to the train station!
Cause you know he don't push shit! (push shit!) - Neck full of bullshit (bullshit!)
I'm ridin' with' a full clip! Same clique, SouthSide
No bright colors, all black when we outside
SHADYVILLE-dot-BIZ!
CAN'T FORGET... LIGHT THE BARBER!