[Intro: 'Ntò]
Lately I heard, journalists, singers, say: "Which side are the Co’Sang on? Where are the Co'Sang? Why they don't take a stand?... My answer is that we don’t represent the streets, but people in it, the same people that listen to us, and love us... You can have three degrees or have a lot of criminal records, live in Naples or any other place in Italy... we are trying to do music, motivated by a pain, which is not only caused by a criminal phenomena... we are against nothing, we are in favour of feelings

[Verse 1: 'Ntò]
Have you ever been to a diction lesson?
It works if you are in fictions
You follow cops lessons
You benefit from the money of North Area
Don't you care, don't you?
Starting from who got scars and got in troubles
Due to cheats, you read the newspaper
The last year passed really fast
Walking in pajamas with the others, yeah
Girl, what's you mind? Lap dance or pap smear?
I'm not for you, if I don't belong I eat him
With the nightstick to top it all off
You turn around and magic you can see, singing magistrates
They march and take advantage of the wake of copryright mark
They are pale, seedy, they disguise themselves
You don't have the balls to be the informer of smurfs neither
Obituaries in time with the metronomes
Erotic performance of an eroin addict
Front man in nomad people
You don’t know the great emergency of romenians
It’s the eight municipality, and we fight for emancipate
I don't realese interviews for the DDA
You can’t intimidate us, you can't make us vacillate
Damned, we found the deception, maybe we are right
Without big credit transfers, politicians, and bodyguards

[Chorus: Co'Sang]
Its necessery a moment of honesty
You call the names of the sistem, not the ones of the State
For these quarters we are stars under the ceiling
And this is the most real thing we have ever wrote
Its necessery a moment of honesty
You call the names of the sistem, not the names of the State
For these quarters we are stars under the ceiling
And this is the most real thing we have ever written

[Verse 2: Luchè]
We don't sell dreams
We let our people sing without hypocrisy
You hear the poetry? Asshole
You that take over something that don’t belong to you
Now is a trend to attack the organised crime
Without respect to who is suffering
And i belive they can only be grateful
For the fame it gave to you
This is what i'm taking side
But tell me, what would you do if I wasn't here?
What would you say in the songs?
You could feel an artist anyway?
The fame is a long road
And this is the most banal shortcut
Categories are good for who doesn't have an identity
I say it, me, the one you will never be
And if the dissing is form me
But you don't say my name in respect
Read the lyrics like the Bible, carefully
And try to make money
Putting something new in the songs
A metaphor, a song for the whole nation
Agents in a volcano, blowed up befor Saviano
We travel with paid highway
"The professor teach Gomorra something", this year
I must attack who is making money on my dialect
Crushing carreers, quoting quarters
And every fan is a child, and the message a faith


[Chorus: Co'Sang]
Its necessery a moment of honesty
You call the names of the sistem, not the ones of the State
For these quarters we are stars under the ceiling
And this is the most real thing we have ever wrote
Its necessery a moment of honesty
You call the names of the sistem, not the names of the State
For these quarters we are stars under the ceiling
And this is the most real thing we have ever written

[Outro: Luchè]
Yeah... My wish is to look at their face when they hear the words i'm saying. They thought that Co'Sang is one of the groups that benefit from this phenomena, this, we call "phenomena", interesting at the start but it became a "circus act" after. They thought Co'Sang was one of these who are eating crumbs of someone else. No, we always had our concepts, our concerts and our people, and we are working on this a lot before the film and a lot before the book. I think that, these groups who want to look as busy groups, for me is only people "at the fucking pursuit of succes", at all costs, and they are doing this only for doing more concerts, to be in television, to act important in the end. Because I belive that if you are able to write real songs, songs that touch the people, you don't need to stay behind someone, to force things. This is the truth. Because, otherwise, if this "phenomena" on crime and all that was created after it didn't exist ,I think that they couldn't make music. There's one more thing i want to say. The one i called "phenomena" before, "circus act". One weird thing which I have never understood and I want that people think about it. Why in the soundtrack of the film, that became the Christmas present of the last year, that I had to report, I should say certain things, I should let Italy understand what happens here, why there are only neomelodics? 23 tracks: one of the Massive Attack, which got nothing to do with Naples, and the other 22 are neomelodics. I would like to answer this, why? Why is all about denunce, and after there is collaboration? So its true that money make happy everyone, ahahah ... And one more thing, why they filmed a whole month in Secondigliano's Veils? How they manage to film a whoe month in Secondigliano's Veils? I mean, you have ever asked? It makes me laugh, and I also knows somethings more but I can't say them, because after we'll make this personal, and I want to offend noone, but I care about consistency, because I'm a consitent neapolitan. And this song was made only for explain our side and our situation, because we were always sincere with the people that listen to us... Co'Sang... Its needed a moment of honesty, judge yourself before judging the others... Bra