[Intro: DJ Drama]
To whom it may concern
How should we start this?
I guess it's long overdue that we speak
I mean who ever thought we'd be here?
It's fair to say you did
And I know we did
But the rest of them, they didn't believe
So many blessings, few sins here and there
What a motherfuckin' life we done lived
But yet, we still feel like we gotta show you niggas how it's done

[Hook]
Now tell me God, how can you love me after all this sex?
How can you love me after all these drugs?
How can I be the one to feel so blessed? Oh, thank you
Had to get that off my chest, oh, thank you

[Verse 1]
I just dropped a bag in the club off of nothin'
I just did it all for the love of the stuntin'
I was in the strip club, we was throwin' money
I was in the strip club, I was throwin' hundreds
I just got a phone call, said press five
If you wanna talk to 'em on the other side
Told them when we touched down on me, we gon' ride
Outchea we gon' have your name so alive
I just got a call from my girl, she trippin'
Talkin' that bullshit, I ain't tryna listen
Only thing I wanna hear 'bout is the money mission
I just heard another song 'bout a nigga wrist flickin'
That's what everybody say, nigga what you really gettin'?
One thing 'bout it, I don't owe no nigga
I'ma go hard, go soul, go realer
Shout out to the dope boys tryna get skrilla
I just want a hundred rings, Slick Ricky
I just want to reach a mil, two fifty
I just want to call the Lyft, come get me, yeah
To pull up and take off, my nigga 'cause we got to go
Roll up 'cause we got the smoke
Get high whenever we want
Specially when I'm feelin' down
I got my niggas around
Thank God  my niggas around
Thank God that liquor around
Dive in that liquor and drown
All of my niggas have pounds
Big homies the shit in the town
I get you hittin' the town
Never forgettin' the town
I been the shit in the town
'Fore I was shit in your town
Hop out the whip when I get in your town
And I'm dickin' the prettiest hoes

[Hook]
Now tell me God, how can you love me after all this sex?
How can you love me after all these drugs?
How can I be the one to feel so blessed? Oh, thank you
Had to get that off my chest, oh, thank you

[Verse 2]
I just got some pussy man, she was doin' magic
Baby got the gushy splash, hate to be graphic
I just bought some kush and man, it was fantastic
On the red carpet, nigga floatin' like Aladdin
Money stretchin', flippin' like aerobics and gymnastics
Nigga more focused than some bifocal glasses
Told Bully, please don't hit them with the plastic
Niggas on my team with the dealing'and the trappin'
We just want the rings and the women with the fashion
This is just a dream, boy, it wasn’t supposed to happen
Now I'm like a king, like I had you all clappin'
My nigga Dave bling, got the gold and the platinum
I could switch it up 'cause a nigga got the rose gold
Niggas switchin' up on a nigga that's a no, no
Got the stick in this bitch jumpin' like pogo
Never turnin' back, that's like fuckin' with my old hoes
Money in the bag that's just a nigga roll though
Don't we do it all for the dough though?
Don't you wanna ball like a pro though?
Think about it all while I'm dolo
She sendin' videos and the photos
Bustin' wide in the wide body photo
I'm tryna tell niggas they should know though
Shit movin' too fast, need slow mo
I feel like when Hugh Hef was young
Mansion, a few heifers come
Boy, I lost count of the tally
Move from the hills to the valley
No type of stylist can style me
Fuck with my robe, crown on my head
It fuck with my soul, fucked with my head
Where do I go when we leave here?
I talked to God, this what I said

[Hook]
Now tell me God, how can you love me after all this sex?
How can you love me after all these drugs?
How can I be the one to feel so blessed? Oh, thank you
Had to get that off my chest, oh, thank you

[Outro]
Don't we do it all for the dough though?
Think about it all while I'm dolo
Don't we do it all for the dough though?
(Yours truly)
Think about it all while I'm dolo
(Trigga, Drum)
Don't we do it all for the dough though?
Think about it all while I'm dolo
Don't we do it all for the dough though?
Think about it all while I'm dolo
(An open letter to whom it may concern)