[Hook]
Bound to fall in love
Bound to fall in love
(Uh-huh, honey)

[Verse 1: Jon Connor]
You fuck a nigga I fuck a bitch, do that make us even?
We not together so all in all does that make it cheatin'?
Buying flights every week like a nigga rich
Thousand dollars for a flight to fuck another nigga bitch
Good pussy got a nigga on some nigga shit
But, at least a nigga nigga rich
Late nights driving by your crib like okay
Bitch got me sitting in the whip like OJ
Bitch got me sitting in the whip like OJ
Thinking if I make the news the fuck Dre gon' say?
Tattoos on our fingers on some love shit
Tattoos on our fingers on some dumb shit
I can't believe this bitch was so see-through
Met the other nigga and he turned me into Mr Me Too
Said "I know how to make her squirt", I was like "Me too"
He used to drop her off at work, I was like "Me too"
I picked the kids up from school, he was like "Me too"
Said she was pregnant, shit that could've been my seed too
The same shit that make you cry, it kinda make you laugh
I hurt so many good girls fucking with your crazy ass
Bound

[Hook (Connor Talking)]
(I know when I'm fucked up
I know, nigga I know when I'm fucked up
Ya'll niggas be fronting, nigga I ain't
Shit nigga, you know what I'm saying?
It's real right?)

[Verse 2: Jon Connor]
Feeling like I'm stuck with you
I keep saying I'm done with you
My friends say they can't fuck with me, if I choose to fuck with you
They don't want to stick around to see Titanic sink
I mean damn, what would Jeromey Romey Romey Rome think?
Both of us have made mistakes, ain't been the same ever since
Now we stalking Facebook, Twitter, Instagram for evidence
Ask me do I love her, then the answer gon' be fucking yes
It's a vicious circle, how I get out of this fucking mess
Conflicting stories, my life is Maury on a daily basis
Say I ain't gon' fuck this bitch again-- Then she get naked
Everybody drained from our shit, it ain't no one to tell
Your friends and my friends both saying we dumb as hell
We both grown as fuck but we acting young as hell
Damn near fist fighting, ain't happy 'til either one in jail
Bound

[Hook] (Connor Talking)]
(Know what I'm talking about?
Man this shit outta control my nigga look
Check it out)

[Verse 3: Jon Connor]
Yo' mama hate me, sister hate me, the fuck I'mma do?
My mama hate you and my sister fucking hate you too
You act confused when we be talking like "Why ain't we cool?"
I'm like "Think really really hard bitch, what ain't you do?"
Got a baby daddy and this side nigga
And what makes it worse is he be hanging out with my niggas
So they tell me when you doing dirt
When you think I ain't alert
We both be cheating now it's a matter of who gon' do it first
Lord, it make me wonder why I like yo' ass
Either I'm in love or I'm a motherfucking psychopath
Shit's sad, we both be on some bullshit
Both be tryna pull shit
Off but we get caught by folks that both of us is cool with
My hood niggas be like "Damn she did my nigga wrong"
My hood niggas be like "Damn she got my nigga gone
Got my nigga calling 'round town, this nigga making songs
Never seen him like this, what the fuck my nigga on?"
Bound

[Hook (Connor Talking)]
(Be alright though, know what I'm saying?
Ain't the first time, won't be the last
Be the last time it happens like this though)

[Bridge: Jon Connor]
Close your eyes and let the word paint a thousand pictures
One good girl is worth a thousand bitches