[Chorus: T.I. & DJ Drama]
If can take it to Ibiza (legendary)
We be livin' in our own world (world wide)
Yeah can take you to the room, I can take you to the moon
(What's up, beautiful?)
But first can I take you home girl (DJ Drama)
Yeah I can take you to a mansion
Remove the load from your shoulders
Girl I can do a diamond ring, I can do a lotta things
But first can we do ya home girl?
Can we, can we do ya home girl?

[Verse 1: Young Thug]
(Solo)
Yeah I can take you to your destiny
Yeah I won't let you get the best of me (what)
She get undressed then she undress a G
Take me a private flight to Canada
Bae I got stamina
Bae let's have a deep stroke
Let's have a candlelight baby, let's have some fun with it (oh my god)
I ain't no officer but I'ma keep my gun with me
I'm a big loaner bitch, you know I keep trust funds with me
Woah, lil bitch I keep your bonds with me
Woah, she got a son with me
She in the back of the Jeep and she say she done with me
I like to cum on her titties, tell her these all our kiddies
Remote control our life, I love to remote control it
If I get low, I know how to get up and go get bricks
These bitches love my dog ass, yes-yes, I call 'em ticks
And that's it

[Chorus: T.I.]
If can take it to Ibiza (Take you to)
We be livin' in our own world (Livin' in it)
Yeah I can take you to the room, I can take you to the moon
But, first, can I take ya home, girl? (Can I? Can I?)
Yeah I can take you to a mansion
Remove the load from your shoulders
Girl I can do a diamond ring, I can do a lotta things
But first can we do ya home girl?
Can we, can we do ya home girl?

[Verse 2: T.I.]
Nothin' better to me I say
Than to ride on a sunny day
Pretty bitch right beside me
I'm ridin' clean and my nigga Ike on Camelton in a new Benz
V12 sit before it dropped and the truth is
If I were back in '95
I'd have gave my life for that ride back then
Since then I've had 10, swear to God
Never mind that, girl I see in your eyes
You wonder how It feel havin' me in your thighs
Have you spittin' on that pussy, just fit it aside
My room 8 freaks, one nigga inside (thats me)
I got 'em all screamin' and hellorin'
Comin' in unison, lookin' surprised
I don't know why she surprised
'Cause when she came up in the crib it look like fantasy island
Why you think I got this big ass house?
Why you think I got this big ass bed?
Why you think I got this big ass shower?
And Ciroc coming out of my water fountain?
Tell you some of that make your day go better
Throw a bankroll on you if you say "no, never"
She wanna eat her, she's gonna let her
Her boyfriend callin' man, he know better her
We stuck in place, I can take your place
You can just consider this a paid vacation
'Cause you work for me now and I pay daily
Your job bringin' me naked lady
And my job fuckin' till they can't take it
Then skeet on their faces
Might video tape it
But I bet it ain't gone be no shower rods in the
Places ima take ya, sorry MiMi (Faust)

[Chorus: T.I.]
I can take it to Ibiza (Take you to it)
We be livin' in our own world (Livin' in it)
Yeah I can take you to the room, I can take you to the moon
But first can I take you home girl (Can I? Can I?)
Girl I can take you to a mansion
Remove the load from your shoulders
Girl I can do a diamond ring, I can do a lotta things
But first can we do ya home girl?
Can we, can we do ya home girl?

[Outro: T.I.]
Can we, can we do ya home girl?
Can we, can we do ya home girl?
C. Gutta!