[Lil Wayne]
{whispers} Dedication 2...

[DJ Drama]
Alright I think you ready this time
Y'all know what I come here for
Call me the iPod King
Call me Mr. Thanksgiving
Call me whatever the fuck you want

[Nancy Sinatra]
Bang bang, I shot you down
Bang bang, you hit the ground
Bang bang, that awful sound
Bang bang... I used to shoot you down

[Lil Wayne]
Hah, Dedication 2, that's right, you already...
Wake up motherfuckers it's Weezy, you got a problem?
Heads to them Katrina victims, we still mobbin'
Shiny black coupe at night look like a goblin
AK on the backseat, baby it's so-{*record rewinds*}

Wake up motherfuckers it's Weezy, you got a problem?
Heads to them Katrina victims, we still mobbin
Shiny black coupe at night look like a goblin
AK on the backseat, baby it's so vivrant
Watch me let it spray like a hydrant, can't dodge it
You not gettin' wet in the rain is not logic
She won't give that pussy to Wayne, I'm so obliged just
Live and direct from inside of ya bitch body
And, hi there ho what do ya know I'm ridin'
In the same streets my pops died in, I got 'em and
I get that money tell my momma I'm grindin'
And I'll be coming home with our future in my pocket
Shoot you if you block it, leave a nigga awkward
Murder the adults and let the kids get adopted
Sit it in the pot and watch me rise to power
Gettin' out twenty American pies an hour
Goddamn, excuse ma'am but I'm the man
And you better put my money in my hand, stop playin'!
Got ends, no friends, just brothers one color
And I spread the motherfucker all over your room shutters
Yeah, they knew better I'm two letters
I'm like M.J. and 2-3 and O.G., yeah I'm low-key
Cause niggas and bitches is police
I roll leaf, patching up the game's slow leak
I'm Weezy baby!

Lemme catch my breath... {breathing}
Ok...
Pussy-ass.. pussy-ass.. pussy-ass.. pussy..

Pussy-ass niggas, fake fraud-ass niggas
Tryna save the past, SIM card-ass niggas
Them broads laugh at ya, them niggas won't kill ya
And them niggas that's with ya, could die right with ya
I'll be shootin everything up in my eyesight mister
I say I might miss ya, but lil' FeFe gon' hit ya
And lil' Currensy'll split ya, Mack Maine'll straight flip ya
Let Taz Po ship ya, then we'll all forget ya
I'm sittin' in the kitchen like "How can we all get richer?"
Got paint on my hands from painting the perfect picture
Then I tell lil' Josh, roll up the perfect Swisher
God damn the hurricane, to the weed man, we miss ya
I'm the best just listen, I ain't what the game been missin'
That's my nigga Juelz, I been here since twelve
Ten shells, let 'em save themselves
Fuck them niggas and they pals, pal, pow!