West Side, Bankhead, is where I'm from
Everything y'all did has been done
My True game and my shoe game
You can't touch that shit
A bitch that holler 'bout "fuck me?"
Nah, fuck that bitch
Fuck that bitch, fuck that bitch
A bitch that holler 'bout "fuck me?"
Nah, fuck that bitch
Fuck that bitch, fuck that bitch
A bitch that holler 'bout "fuck me?"
Nah, fuck that bitch

[Lil K]
Ima real ass nigga came from the south
Fuckin with bitches who from the bronx
Pussy so good ,nigga name me one
Trunk full drugs nigga hit one
Up in my condo I smoke up
Cali bud,red head name one
Jackpot hittin them bank rolls
Yeh nigga know we full paper
Money to the ceiling tall as jordan
Never loosing money like kobe
Nigga im on it like rollie
Pockets full of green I spend it
My girl so curious I bend her
Using no rubber on her tho
Fuckin my ho like fuck dat bitch
Im still in the cold
Get a plane and smoke
Stamp my name on her like an envolope
Nigga yeh we shootin your cantalope
50k on me like bang'em all
Shout out to young dro
And the west side niggas
Everywhere we go we bankheads niggas
All the Westside niggas say fuck dat bitch
Ya'll already know im on my shit bout to hit that shit like FUCK DAT BITCH

West Side, Bankhead, is where I'm from
Everything y'all did has been done
My True game and my shoe game
You can't touch that shit
A bitch that holler 'bout "fuck me?"
Nah, fuck that bitch
Fuck that bitch, fuck that bitch
A bitch that holler 'bout "fuck me?"
Nah, fuck that bitch
Fuck that bitch, fuck that bitch
A bitch that holler 'bout "fuck me?"
Nah, fuck that bitch

[Verse 2: Young Dro]
I’mma go three… stupid on the remix
I’mma show you how to raise up out the fire like a phoenix
I’m a Bankhead nigga, so I’m straighter than a penis
If you try to West Side, I’mma let off like semen
Ice got me anemic, walkin’ up in Nieman’s
And every time I get a new broad, I get subpoenaed
My baby mama mad my girl look like a genie
I’ve got racks like Venus, 20 stacks in…
Bread like panini, eat steaks and zucchini
With your broad in Tahiti, spaghetti string bikini
I don’t spit on tracks, I throw up on ‘em like bulimic
Pardon, my “High Tymes” album a problem

[Hook: Young Dro]

[Verse 3: T.I.]
…and the yacht match the Rollie, ice like a hockey player
Kick it like a soccer player, niggas hatin’ like a goalie
Long neck, group sex all your bitch got for me
We’ve been walkin’ under stars since midnight, homie
Had a shorty, pussy, hit it like a fistfight, homie
My dick only know what she kiss like, homie
See the molly got her goin’, you be callin’, she ignorin’
I went balls-deep in her, nigga, you ain’t even know it
Blowin’ Headband, strongest in the land
Say you hit it, so you ain’t the only nigga can
She wanna be a freak, you wanna be a man
Get head in a Coupe, sex in a Sprinter van
Runnin’ full-court game, no one-on-one
Take that doll, hit her one-on-one
Ain’t nothin’ else to do, she wanna cum for fun
I’m by myself, hop, run, no one
Nigga she want me like Givenchy
In a presendential suite, nigga, me on three
Why they call me “Pussy Pumper”, nigga, she gon’ see
Like she gon’ see, like she gon’ see…
Okay, Hustle Gang, nigga, only thing I wear
Oh yeah, and…
And… you know me, ho
Know where I’m from, know where I rep

[Hook: Young Dro]

[Verse 4: Trinidad James]
Southside Clay. Co., that’s where I’m from
I’m on these red bottoms, Rick Owens…
I’ve been rockin’ them Jordans
I said now AG, compound – give me money, I’ll throw it
My hair’s luxurious – your shit ain’t growin’ (lame)
I’ve got a smile on my face like Dro’s old cover
Fuck you bitch on the couch, no cover
Nigga fuck your couch, I’m Rick James, brother
She a super freak, she don’t like no rubbers
Fuck you, nigga, then fuck your cousin
For some shoes and a couple hundreds
I thought you knew, let me teach you somethin’
She’ll suck me and kiss you like it ain’t nothin’
…that bitch cold – nigga, now you know
You hold onto pussy (lame) I’ve pussy on hold (pimp)
I get a whole lot of pussy, nigga, after my show
Red, black and white girls… yeah, them Trinidad’s hoes

[Hook: Young Dro]