[Verse 1: Casey Veggies]
I'm paranoid, I hate to sleep alone
My mind playin' tricks, tryna' to break my zone
Lost a lot trying to reach the throne
Many nights I ain't make it home
She want me there, it's like I need a clone
I try my best, no matter what, it's like I'm always wrong
I guess that's why I wrote this song
Just hopin' you would call my phone
Money hit my line, I'm on tour like all the time
Girl, you know I'm on my grind
I just need some peace of mind
I hope she hear this shit and press rewind (wind)
We went our separate ways until next time
It's not a race, it's a marathon
At times, I feel a step beyond
I take it as a lesson learned and then we cross the finish line
Thank God I woke up in the morning
See the sunshine through the blinds
At times, I sit and reminisce on all the things I left behind

[Refrain: Jesse Rutherford]
Rest in pieces, peace of mind
Someday we will reunite

[Verse 2: Jesse Rutherford]
This is the shit that your baby vibes to
Promise you that I'll make a baby with you
Make a mama of you, ain't no drama with you
My baby brings heat like a mama does too
I'll pay homage to you and college for the babies
I'll even move your mama to the Bahamas and maybe
I'll take you on the open road
And you'll take me where the ocean goes, ooh
I'm getting cheesy on these jungle drums
I sound like Weezy on a million (a milli, a milli)
The money's comin' and I know it but
The money doesn't have control of us
This is the shit, make your mama start crying
Not because she's sad, 'cause her baby's alright
That baby's her pride, that baby's her life
And mama would break down if that baby did die

[Refrain: Jesse Rutherford]
Rest in pieces, peace of mind
Someday we will reunite again
Rest in peace my peace of mind
I hope that we will reunite

[Break: Jesse Rutherford]
Break, break
Check, check, hey, hey, hey, whoa, whoa, hey, hey!
No, no, no, no, n-n-n-n-nah-nah-nah-nah, now

[Outro: Jesse Rutherford]
If you go, mama, where do we go?
And if you move, mama, what do we lose?
If we leave, mama, when do we breathe?
How do we eat, where do we sleep?
If you go, mama, where do we go?
And if you move, mama, what do we lose?
Mama, how do we breathe?
And how do we eat, where do I go to sleep?
If you move mama, oh, no, oh, no
Where do I go to home?
Need to go home
Need to go home

[Outro: 100s]
I live to party and baby you know that they stop
I live to party but baby don't know what she got
Like a whisper to me, (like a whisper to me)
Rather stay not care (rather stay not care)
Baby, listen to me
I gotta get higher 'cause you're way out there (like a whisper to me)