[Intro: DJ Drama]
You see I been waiting, waiting on that time
Feel me if you been waiting on yours
That moment... is close (Yeah!)

[Jeremih]
Tired of living day to day like everything is alright...
Just waiting on that moment
Waiting on my moment

[Verse 1: JT Kidd]
(I'm just waiting on my moment)
I'm just waiting on my moment
First thought early in the morning
Is that if I get a chance then Imma own it
To the top, yeah that's where I'm going
Turn the music on and I'm zoning
My competition just cloning
I feel I have no opponent
Cause everything they done is stolen
How could I have known this?
Look on the TV, it's on it
I see it clearly, you need to hear me, I'm just being honest
Just take a look at their song list
Sound like the other guys bonus
People don't respect their moments
They don't give to the ones phoning
So if I ever get my moment
Imma do more than own it
Best believe Imma flaunt it
When trouble comes I don't postpone
I kill all these rappers, so Imma send my condolence
In this game the true component, is to want it
(I'm screaming)

[Hook: Jeremih]
Tired of livin every day like every things alright
Every night just one thing on my mind
I’m just waitin on that moment
Waitin on my moment
You say “Oh you got that Oh shit. Hell nah, next time that’s mine"
But as long as I stay hustlin I’m gon shine
Just waitin on that moment
Waitin on my moment


[Verse 2: JT Kidd]
I'm waiting on my moment, kidd's in the big league (big league)
This is my moment for life, like I am Nicki
Yeah, you want me? Come try and get me
But beware of these rappers you sic please
You should've doubt them (yeah)
Now I had to out them (yeah)
Climbing to the top, I had to climb over mountains
I'll keep drinking youth from the fountatin
They're talking bout obstacles, I'm like yeah, what about them? (What about them?)
They're just obstacles (yeah) they don't break the path (nah)
Break my path? One day I'll be bigger than breaking bad (I will)
This is my moment, and y'all know it
If I ever get the chance I won't blow it
(Cause I'm)

[Hook]

[Bridge: JT Kidd]
This is my moment, and I'm here to show the world (aye)
This is my moment, and I'm here to show the world (aye)
This is my moment (aye)
This is my moment (aye)
This is my moment, and it's funny cause y'all know it (huhh)

[Hook]

[Outro: DJ Drama]
DJ Drama!
Y'all like that? We gone