[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Ok, ok, ok
Mhm, M-mhm, that's what I'm talkin' bout man
I killed that shit man, man that right there it's easy man
You know what I mean? Gimme somethin else man
Drama I'm on fire man rock
Watch this man

[DJ Drama]
Let's do this for Hollygrove!
Can't forget Magnolia projects!
Shout to the N.O.!
DJ Drama! Weezy F. Baby!
Dedication 2, let's go!

[Verse: Lil Wayne]
Weezy motherfucker, what it do? Holla at me
All the niggas tryin to hate me and the bitches tryin to have me
I'm a money man, yep, I get it from my daddy, ho
And boy, we can beef like Magnolia and Calliope
Hollygrove my barrio, let that automatic go
Test me when I'm chillin and I kill you from my patio
Bitch, my shadow look good, I'm just feelin Weezy
Hop in my shit and say goodbye 'cause the ceilings leavin
Believe me, they ain't tryin to see me
Tell 'em I be the nigga with the burner in the beanie
I'm the fireman, she just call me when she steamin
I wet her up and put her out and leave the bitch dreamin
Niggas say they hot but its really not steamin
If these guys bad, then I gotta be a demon
Wayne/Wayan's getting money like Damon and Keenen
Try and take it from me and I'm aimin and beamin'
Bangin and leavin stains on the cement
Slide the crackers something so they tame the policemen
Left in a Porsche, came in a Koenigsegg
I'm fresh, yeah, the Gucci sweats came with the creases
I'm hot but I'm cold, I just change with the seasons
Tryin to put some cheese on my pieces
If you lookin for your nigga, I be where the water gets deeper
Huggin on that money, tryin' to put it in a sleeper
Yeah, I'm here, who the fuck wanna say somethin?
Leave your whole head empty like a straight pumpkin
Make no assumption, I'm hustlin
Your girlfriend guzzlin when you thought she wasn't
Name still buzzin even when I'm doin nothin
But I'm never doing nothin 'cause I'm always getting money
That simple, jackass, if you don't get it, you're a dummy
And them niggas that diss me ain't nothin but pure pussy
Sure, honey, I done heard what you said
But if a nigga really cared, tou'd already be dead
Just a young ass nigga with some old ass bread
Yes I keep them dollars running like them bitches got legs
Now my nigga Tez Po been ridin with me since pegs
And my right wrist is looking like a cracked open egg, that's
White and yellow diamonds, adjust your lighting
I got 'em so mad but, oh I think they like me