[Verse: Fabolous]
Told her save my number under "Big Dipper"
Got her wishin' on a star
Save my number under "Big Tipper"
Got her blowin' kisses from the bar
I, wish you could stay, but when you walk away
You look delicious from far
She roll up on me, then they get lit
Girl, you my Swisher cigar (Woo)
Shorty rather lay by the poolside
Than stay by a fool's side
Been sleepin' on yourself too long
Time to flip the pillow over to the cool side

[Interlude: DJ Drama]
Ayo, hold on, hold on, wait, wait, Fab, Fab, Fab, Fab, Fab, Fab, easy, easy Fab
Summertime Shoutout 2

[Skit: Girl 1 & Girl 2]
Hello?
Hey girl, what you doing?
What's good? I just got in the crib, what you doin'?
Um I'm standin' in my closet. I'm thinkin' bout goin' out tonight though, you with it or what?
Oh yeah, what you got? What you got to throw on? What you 'bout to kill 'em with?
I mean you know I got this new purple Burkin crocodile thing. I'm thinkin' bout bringin' that out tonight
Yes and I just got this brand new Audemars that my nigga laced me with, so we out
Okay, I was gonna tell you, let's do Rollies but we can do the APs or the Audemars, okay
Alright, so where we goin' though? Not that last spot
Yeah, we're definitely not goin' to that spot. We not goin' to that bum ass club uptown
Yeah, them bitches be in there stealin'. Bitch was lookin' at my wrist last time. I'm like the fuck you wanna know what time it is? Get the fuck out of here
Yeah, them bitches be mad, like upset. You walk in it's a bunch of maddies
Ain't no basic bitches tonight. It is not a basic bitch night
Bunch a maddies. So um, I don't know where we goin' but we ain't fuckin' with no promoters either
Hell nah, and them bitches be fuckin' them promoters at that other spot too, so we definitely out that shit
Definitely definitely. So I'ma figure it out but we gettin' our own table, our own bottles, our own baddies
We definitely need our own section tonight, a few bottles
And no section by them bum ass basic ass bitches either
Whack ass bitches they fuckin' frontals all pushed up to the front
Frontals on front, haha
Fuck the hoes
Aite, so I invited a few of my home girls, you can invite a few of yours too. Ima pull the coupe out and I'll be there around one
Nothin' at least section full of baddies, tonight we out
Right and I got the check on me so it's lit
Definitely know I keep a few bands too, we gon' do this shit right
Alright so I'ma see you at one, level up