[Intro: DJ Khaled]
Ayo Rob, this is DJ Khaled. The streets is talkin', bro. They sayin' that you rappin' now. I said that can't be true... I said, no, Rob breaks down raps. He breaks down the bars. He breaks down the lyrics. But they, the streets is sayin' that you rappin' now. Ayo Rob, if this is true, hit me back. I wanna hear what type of bars you talkin' about 'cause for you to step in this zone, you must be in the zone. It's DJ Khaled. Billion dollar voice

[Opening Bridge: Rob Markman]
Took a couple years, but I did it
Shorty, you could do it too
Did the things they said I couldn't
You just gotta believe in you

[Verse 1: Rob Markman]
I don't know what the fuck you thought, I want the crown too
Couple jewels and plaques, shit that sounds cool
You hear the hunger, growl loud when I'm 'round food
And 'round you I'm like Canibus, round two
I'm in the booth, soundproof, but when I'm down two
I'm shootin' treys and one, I get foul too
Picture me, spittin' bars and givin' how-to's
I'm in the wrong era, shoulda been around Clue?
Fuck it, this a revival of sorts
Now I'm livin' out on my wildest thoughts
My cousin caught an L, shit was wild in the courts
So I'ma drop this mothafucka just 'cause life is so short
I'll be damned if a mothafucka pennin' for me
That's the start of the mothafuckin' endin' for me
Shit scary, all these ghosts and ghouls, it's a problem
Okay you're a goon, but your goon got a goblin

[Interlude: N.O.R.E.]
Yo, y'all it's two very disrespectful things about you doing an album. One, you didn't ask me for a hook, an ad-lib, nothing. And then two, it's blasphemous for a media nigga to do a rap album, nigga. You media, stay media, man! Keep it media, nigga! How you gonna turn from media to rapper, nigga? Fuck outta here, nobody don't do that

[Verse 2: Rob Markman]
I don't fuck with the suburbans in my city, man
I'm superstitious, that's the shit they killed Biggie in
Tell Uber, "Fuck it," I ain't gettin' in
I'ma sell a couple records, and I'ma get a Benz
Everybody shocked off the beat I laced
When I walk up in the spot, they make the Wee-Bey face
You got fat while I starved, shit, I need a taste
Me and my team run this bitch like a relay race
This the warm up, the game ain't even started
I'm just pennin', I swear I could go harder
It's just me, I swear I'm the only writer
I'm the Ol' Dirty Bastard, my style ain't got no father
I'm beggin', father, it's spirits with their lyricism
Couple Caspers in the game, we need an exorcism
If they sleep, get 'em out their bed then
Linda Blair with these verses, make their head spin

[Interlude: DJ Drama]
Man, it's me, man, it's DJ Drama, man. So, listen... you know, we talked about the rappin' thing and um, I don't feel like it's going according to plan, like, you did your freestyle, you got your free action, alright, scooped you, but the album? Like, how you gonna just do the album? You know... when we talked you said a Gangsta Grillz mixtape was comin' first with Rob Markman, Gangsta Grillz...

[Verse 3: Rob Markman]
They knew I was a writer, never knew I was a writer
Let's get this show on the road, I'ma finish up the rider
The wordplay tighter, every verse fire
Anybody tell you different is a goddamn liar
My Rick Grimes grind, got no fear
Whoever on that jealous shit dead out here
Word to Mitch, my emotions out of control
Tryna get off on these keys, that'll save my brother's soul
And if this shit don't pay off
I know a couple C's I can text who let the K off
Hold this L, I got M's to get
'N a couple other dreams I ain't mention yet
And they said I'd never make it
This for anyone whoever had a shot and didn't take it
For everything we love and everything held sacred
Gotta get it while you live and let 'em drown in their hatred

[Interlude: Royce da 5'9"]
Yo Rob, what's up, my G? This is Royce da 5'9". Yo, man, I heard through the grapevine that you're 'sposed to be rappin' now. Let me tell you somethin', my brother. I always considered you like one of my guys in this music industry. You know, I don't really fuck with a lot of niggas. But... I just need for you to understand that you can't be that guy that's like breakin' down everybody's verses on Rap Genius and not really comin' with it yourself line for line. I got all the faith in the world that you're gonna do that. Aight

[Outro: Sway]
Yo it's your big brother Sway. Ayy Rob, I can't believe you did it, man, but I knew it was in you. Be careful, a lot haters are gonna tell you what you can't do, but that's when you do the opposite. That's when you keep pickin' up your bars. I'm proud of you, Rob. You made your dreams come true. You're a hyena