[Intro: Ski Mask the Slump God &  XXXTENTACION]
Huh
Yeah
Wet
Ayy

[Chorus: Ski Mask the Slump God]
Hey, mister (Mister), I might give a Glock to my sister (To my sister)
'Cause it's a dirty world, you could get hurt (You can get hurt, huh)
Told her enemies to kiss my keister (Huh, my keister)
Hey, mister (Hey, mister, huh, huh), hey, mister (Mister, huh)
I might give a Glock to my sister (To my what? Huh)
It's a dirty world, you could get hurt (You could get hurt, huh)
Told her enemies to kiss my keister (Kiss my keister)
Hey, mister (Hey, mister)

[Verse 1: Ski Mask the Slump God]
Hey, mister (Mister)
Yeah, bustin' at these bitches like a blister (Huh)
TSA her any day, I frisk her
Sippin' on this lean until my lips hurt, ow, my liver
Know your pockets hurt, yeah
Renegade, I'm 'bout my currency
You'll get a fist serve, yeah
Balenciaga sock on me all green like the Grinch, sir, yeah
Your diamonds hurricane cloudy, they might need a rinse sir, huh
When I attack her, my dick like a sword, I'ma fence her
Warm up my dick, bench her
Call her my dear, Prancer
When she call my phone, no answer
I'ma dip on the bitch like ranch, sir
Spread the positivity like cancer
Tryna kill my spirits, they can't, sir
Dress retro like a lancer (Ayy, ayy)
Like Spongebob, bitch, my lips hurt

[Chorus: Ski Mask the Slump God &  XXXTENTACION]
Hey, mister (Mister), I might give a Glock to my sister (To my sister)
'Cause it's a dirty world, you could get hurt (You can get hurt)
Told her enemies to kiss my keister (Huh, my keister)
Hey, mister, hey, mister (Mister)
I might give a Glock to my sister (You already know I'm rockin' nigga)
It's a dirty world (Haha!) , you could get hurt (Where ya Glock at Tank?)
Told her enemies to kiss my keister (Ayy)
Yeah

[Verse 2: XXXTENTACION &  Ski Mask the Slump God]
Spin on my dick, uh, yuh
Just like a fidget, uh, yuh (Ayy! ayy!)
When she on my dick, uh, ayy
Look like a midget, uh, ayy (Ayy!)
Okay, lil' shawty wan' eat on my body
Just like a Frito-Lay, uh, yuh
Just like I'm Phineas, or like lil' Ferb!
"What did you do today?", uh
Wet
You already know I'm rockin' it
I got Tank in the booth
Haha!
Where ya Glock at Tank?
Ayy! Yuh!
Okay shorty, okay shorty
Okay shorty, okay shorty
Okay shorty, okay shorty
Okay shorty
Throw that ass back, uh, yuh
Throw that ass back, uh, yuh
Throw that ass back, uh, yuh
Throw that ass back, uh, yuh
Hey!

[Chorus: Ski Mask the Slump God &  XXXTENTACION]
Hey, mister (Mister), I might give a Glock to my sister (To my sister)
'Cause it's a dirty world, you could get hurt (You can get hurt,  yeah )
Told her enemies to kiss my keister (Huh, my keister)
Hey, mister (Hey, mister), hey, mister, mister
I might give a Glock to my sister
It's a dirty world, you could get hurt (Haha!)
Told her enemies to kiss my keister (Yuh)
Mister
Ayy
Hey, Mister
Yeah

[Outro: Yung Bans]
Wake up Henry
Wake up Henry
Y'all rocking with DJ Scheme, lil' bitch