Part 1: Look At Me!

[Intro: Dildo Uni]
Behold my liege, I am your noble steed

[Verse 1: XXXTENTACION]
Ayy, I'm like "Bitch, who is your mans?"
Ayy, can't keep my dick in my pants
Ayy, my bitch don't love me no mo'
Ayy, she kick me out I'm like vro
Ayy, that bitch don't wanna be friends
Ayy, I gave her dick, she amen
Ayy, she put her tongue on my dick
Ayy, look at my wrist, about ten
Ayy, just got a pound of the boof
Ayy, brought that shit straight to the booth
Ayy, Tommy my Hilfiger voots
Ayy, she said, "wan' fuck?" Bitch, I do
Ayy, you put a gun on my mans
Ayy, I put a hole in your parents
Ayy, I just got lean on my ksubis
Ayy, I got a UZI, no Uzi

Part 2: Riot

[Intro: Luke White]
Luke White on the beat

[Verse 2: XXXTENTACION]
You ever seen a nigga hung with a gold chain?
I'd rather sing about the same things that we claim
Such is bashful, but niggas like the task force
Mobbin' on the streets and robbin' stores in ski masks, bruh
Niggas ask for peace in a riot and bring violence
'Cause it's a game of cat and mouse and you gon' bleed silent
What's the justice in sayin' fuck it and grab the pump?
Then kill a woman of many children makes you a chump
Look at all the stores you wreckin', nigga I reckon
Think about the people who own it for about a second
I know you got your problems, but brother, they got theirs
This is not a game, quit violence and grow a pair
But yo, you'd rather hear me say, "Fuck black prejudice!"
"Let's murder different races, grow hatred and form irrelevant!"
Views and etcetera, knives thrown
Damage em', lives blown, oblivion hole cold, oblivious
I won't dare say that you should stop the fuckin' ignorance
Murder ops, killin' shit, I'd enjoy the thrill of it
Bath in blood of officers', different corpses, offin' 'em, Auction 'em, don't you bark at 'em
Murder 'em, never heard of 'em
I could preach the peace but say "fuck it" and preach the murder
'Cause this ain't fuckin' life that we livin'
Go ahead and grab the extension
Grab another one: uncle, cousin, brother, son
Glory to all the chosen ones that will rid you of the innocence
But in a sense, innocent will soon behold the ignorance
Blasphemous, killin' our own, murderin' black—

[Outro: XXXTENTACION]
Equity and equality: the end result we all — the ones that don't want to live in misery, that is — desire.  And naturally we all black and white are schadenfreude or malicious. Here are a few examples

Emmett Till, August 28th, 1955, Mississippi — pulled out of his house in the middle of the night, in front of his mother who had to watch her son be taken from her on the sidelines, for little to no reason at all worth murdering a fourteen-year-old boy.  Castrated, mutilated, but also documented for the years to see

Kori Ali Muhammad, black-on-white. Philando Castile, white-on-black.  Now these things never come to or remotely remain in the public eye. And the youth is never inspired to take a stand to make a difference. So I will speak for them. The youth, that is, the ones full of innocence. The ones inspired by the things around them, to matter

I can go on forever about the fact that murder is murder whether you're black or white. You should always feel free to voice your opinion, but to act out on these irrational thoughts in every shape or form is disgusting. You cannot, as black or white, call yourself the supreme race when moved out of your comfort by the opposition's color, their skin color.  That is no form of being or demonstrating being a supreme being

If you are a supremacist, be unmoved by the opposition. Remain unscathed in the comfort of your own home, in your own realm. Demonstrate care for the youth's future, white or black, black or white. Are you willing to risk your child's future due to your own bigotry? The choice is yours, but your child will not stand for the hate. This generation will be loved, nurtured, heard and understood