[Verse 1: XXXTENTACION]
Boy I'm sipping tea in yo hood
What the fuck is up, you buttercup?
Purrp in that blunt, smoking suicide bloody blunts
Pussy boy you talking shit for Twitter, it ain't adding up
How these pussy niggas moving day to day
I've had enough
Post with that fucking blade, bitch, I'll skin your face
Dick on that fucking gun, I love it when they run
Fuck all that talking shit, do that shit for fun
Fuck 'round with these niggas, aye
Stab a body- fuck do you mean?
Post with that Glock and that beam
Put that shit right in yo' spleen, aye
Run through yo hood, aye
Fuck nigga what's really good, aye
My niggas wish that you would, aye, aye

[Hook: XXXTENTACION]
Bitch, I'm sippin tea in yo hood, what the fuck is up?
Bitch, I'm sippin tea in yo hood, what the fuck is up?
Bitch, I'm sippin tea in yo hood, what the fuck is up?
Bitch, I'm sippin tea in yo, aye, aye
Bitch, I'm sippin tea in yo hood, what the fuck is up?
Bitch, I'm sippin tea in yo hood, what the fuck is up?
Bitch, I'm sippin tea in yo hood, what the fuck is up?
Yuh

[Verse 2: Original God]
Aye, aye, aye
Bitch, I'm sippin tea in yo hood, what the fuck is up?
Run up on your hoe
Cause I'm simply tryna bust a nut
I don't ride with lames
But you know I ride with all them sluts
Just for a free t-shirt
Damn, hoe I heard you got enough
All my green she tryna puff
All my team she tryna suck
Just to post on Instagram
She wildin' up on them handcuffs
Just another day on my block philly
What it do
If I cant grow up here
Then good thing I'm in Honolulu

[Hook: Original God]
Bitch, I'm sippin tea in yo hood, what the fuck is up?
Bitch, I'm sippin tea in yo hood, what the fuck is up?
Yeah bitch, I'm sippin tea in yo hood, what the fuck is up?
Bitch, I'm sippin tea in yo hood, what the fuck is up?

[Verse 3: Kamiyada]
Aye
Bitch, I'm sippin lean in yo hood, check my double cup
Sadistic fuck
Rollin' through your city handin' uppercuts
SpaceGhostPussy ain't the only one I have a lot
Line 'em up
running down your daughter 'till I bust a nut
Hold up
RPK hold that to yo face, aye
drum mag, 20k
Pull up and I spray, aye
Fuck shit
What you on
Every given day, aye
Twitter beef
See me in the streets
You be afraid, aye

[Hook: Kamiyada & Original God]
Bitch, I'm sippin tea in yo hood, what the fuck is up?
Bitch, I'm sippin syrup in yo hood, what the fuck is up?
Bitch, I'm sippin purrp in yo hood, what the fuck is up?
Bitch, I'm sippin tea in yo hood, outta double cup
Bitch, I'm sippin tea in yo hood, what the fuck is up?
Bitch, I'm sippin tea in yo hood, what the fuck is up?
Bitch, I'm sippin tea in yo hood, what the fuck is up?
Bitch, I'm sippin tea in yo hood, out a double cup