[Intro]
Luke White on the beat

[Verse]
You ever seen a nigga hung with a gold chain?
I'd rather sing about the same things that we claim
Such is bashful, but niggas like the task force
Mobbin' on the streets and robbin' stores in ski masks, bruh
Niggas ask for peace in a riot and bring violence
'Cause it's a game of cat and mouse and you gon' bleed silent
What's the justice in sayin' fuck it and grab the pump?
Then kill a woman with many children makes you a chump
Look at all the stores you wreckin', nigga I reckon
Think about the people who own it for about a second
I know you got your problems, but brother, they got theirs
This is not a game, quit violence and grow a pair
But yo, you'd rather hear me say, "Fuck black prejudice!"
"Let's murder different races, grow hatred, and form irrelevant!"
Views and etcetera, knives thrown
Damage 'em, lives blown, oblivion hole cold, oblivious
I won't dare say that you should stop the fuckin' ignorance
Murder ops, killin' shit, I'd enjoy the thrill of it
Bathe in blood of officers, different corpses, offin' 'em
Auction 'em, don't you bark at 'em
Murder 'em, never heard of 'em
I could preach the peace but say "fuck it" and preach the murder
'Cause this ain't fuckin' life that we livin'
Go ahead and grab the extension
Grab another one: uncle, cousin, brother, son
Glory to all the chosen ones that will rid you of the innocence
But in a sense, innocent will soon behold the ignorance
Blasphemous, killin' our own, murderin' black—

[Outro]
We see, I see, death before the children
White guys and white girls hanging from the buildings

We hate niggers!
We hate Jews!
We hate faggots!
And we hate spics!
Hooray!

We don't have to have a reason to hate them
Just because they breathe we hate their filthy bums!

You people need to get off your ass and wake up
This is America, the niggers are taking it over and the Jews

Make a stand, join the klan
White power! White power! White power!

And I hate Jews! I hate them because they exist!
I hate them because they breathe!
I hate them because they're scum!
The goddamn niggers are the scum of the earth!
White power!