[Sample from "Wheres da Bud"]
Infamous but you can call me Scarecrow

[Hook]
Where iz da love? Where iz da love?
Where iz da love? Where iz da love?
Oh where iz da love? Where iz da love?
Where iz da love? Where iz da love?

Where iz da love? We looking for the love
Where iz da love? We looking for the love (bo!)
Where iz da love? We looking for the love

[Verse 1]
Throwin' crosses and eventually you have to pay the piper
Backstabbers all around ya like you in a pit of vipers
Scandalous hoes halve they clothes
Use they body to entice ya
Niggas keepin' hide and get cha slice of pie
Them hoes don't like ya
And in this state of mind you cannot use your third eye
And everything that could go wrong
Hits you from the blind side
All your hopes and all your dreams, everything you visualized
Disappears before your eyes, man it just (va-vaporized)
Take the good with the bad and everything has it's season
And the good Lord up above does everything for a reason
But don't put your trust in people, it ain't worth a grain of sand
And you don't believe in god? I feel sorry for you man
Lord so sparkin' from the brain
And the blood flows through my vein
I'mma spit this verbal flame and I try to maintain
So call your death contacts, all your fancy attorneys
Cause only god got the keys that control my destiny
Where da love at?

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
I know the wrongs are rather wrong
Lord Infamous done and said
In all my abuse, it wasn't my heart
It was all the dope in my head
And Lord knows I'm doin' 'bout all the things
To right my wrongs
And you never too far gone
Long as you breathing and go on
And Infamous can't count all the times
That I almost died mane
Overdosin' and crashin' cars, try to cut my own veins
There was so much I had to say but I just remained silent
And I cried so many times I don't have tears to cry with
All the demons (?) promised they tried destroy me
Baby mommas and all of my mafia family try to avoid me
Kept on tryin' to tell myself, before I used the gun:
"Lord can't go out like a coward mane I got three sons"
Took me a long time, I looked in myself
And I could not figure it out
Mane I don't even know the bruh
That's spittin' this rap right now
If you didn't hear nothing else listen to this line
"Raise up off yo spine and go and get ya iron"
Where da love at?

[Hook]