[Papa Juggy]
Cha cha cha
Hey watch out rude bwoy
You see how tight Bo$$ come man?
She just come down DANGEROUS!

"Is that what time it is Boss?"
"Yo what the fuck is wrong with you?"
"This is deep, but I'm going deeper.."

[Verse 1: Bo$$]
I don't really wanna feel
Like I'm in a daze so I smoke big kill
Just to deal with the ills like this fucked up trip (damn)
My skills ain't paying bills
And it's fucking with me and my grip (I hear you)
I drink that St. Ide's shit
And smoke a ticket at the same time
Drop a wicked bomb on my naughty nature
I'm livin' foul like a Knickerbocker (you livin' foul?)
Bitch I'm not the woman to sleep but I'm lost (yo that's deep)
Cause I be on some ole' "I'm tired of niggas"
Trying to come up off bitches type thing ("What can I do?")
And if I don't react the way he want he might swing
His little trick bitch ass in another direction
Then don't even use protection
I hate stupid shit assholes can avoid
Yo! And if worse came to worse I'll run a fraud on unemployed
Cause who the fuck cares that I got gray hairs and can't sleep
Know what I mean? (Yeah hell yeah, that's deep)

Deeper and deeper .... "What can I do?"
Deeper and deeper .... "What can I do?"

"This is deep, but I'm going deeper.."

[Verse 2: Bo$$]
Every now and then I start flipping and get to thinkin'
Bout deep shit beyond all that bullshit
I shoot at people (yeah I know what you mean)
But fuck it I'm evil
And I'm hip to every bitch trying to get a grip
And every nigga trying to get a grip but fuck that shit
And I say fuck that shit with my mighty middle finger
I'm heavy off into this rap shit, bucking singers
Yo I think I'm getting tense (word?)
Cause my dollars ain't making no fucking sense; but then again
It's probably all that chronic that I smoked
I use to be like that when I was out there slanging dope
And lately I been flipping on some old paranoid shit
Like looking fuckers up and down trying to start shit ("What can I do?")
Cause I'm a hard bitch (So why don't you just soften up?)
I try to be cool but I get caught up when I go to clubs, straight up
I don't even trust myself (yo, you can trust me)
Fuck I know? (I'm just like you)
Right, that's deep

Deeper and deeper ....
Deeper and deeper ....

(Yo Bo$$ that shit you talking bout that's some deep shit
I'm tellin you motherfuckers can't really get with that
Relate to that shit)

[Papa Juggy]
Eh hey hey, I guess it's best we tell them mon
Every time she come, she's detrimental mon
Yes mon, know dis
Hehehe, don't make me tell dem again mon, woyyy
She too hotta, tell-a-man she too hotta
Tell man she too hotta an' every posse know dat-ta
Yes, she too hotta, tell man she too hotta
For inside she come, she say de posse get flat come

[Verse 3: Bo$$]
Aye yo, I got them buck-wild thrills, living foul kills
I'm trying to get to Watts but I'm stuck in Baldwin Hills (damn)
Trying to find myself for real though, check it
If I just rewind myself I'll see it ain't that hectic
Y'all don't hear me talking but its time to get a stack
Cause I'm about a second away, from going back
To the corner slangin dope (now you know you don't wanna do that shit)
Gankin cluckers, jackin high, cappin marks
I may be losin' my mind but better that than my heart (I hear you)
I talk a lot of shit but I can back it all the fuck up
I'm real cool people until some bullshit get brung up
Look here, believe me I ain't comin out my crib
Tryin to snap on life and run out and do some dumb shit
So I'll be takin another sip to relax me
And get them problems out my mind that distract me
Life is workin on my last nerve (yeah I hear you G)
I'll see yo' ass next week, peace (yo that shit is deep)

Deeper and deeper .... "What can I do?"
Deeper and deeper .... "What can I do?"
[Papa Juggy starts again and fades out..]
Deeper and deeper .... "What can I do?"
Deeper and deeper .... "What can I do?"