[Intro]
Not a single fuck, not a single solitary fuck
'Cuz I don't give a fuck, motherfucker!
I don't give a fuck, not a single fuck
Not a single solitary fuck
I don't give a fuck!

[Hook]
I don't give a fuck, not a single fuck
Not a single solitary fuck
'Cuz I don't give a fuck, motherfucker!
I don't give a fuck, not a single fuck
Not a single solitary fuck
I don't give a fuck!

[Verse 1]
I don't give a fuck about none of y'all!
Big balling ass Boss taking two to ya head
With a sawed-off shotgun, give it up 'cuz I'm one
Crazed bitch! Rolling thick, gang full of lunatics!
—bailing, running through the mud
Escaped from the cell block
Searchin' for the god-damned, judge
'Cuz it's hard to get a revenge on a punk
Pop the trunk, grab the pump and pull the trigger my nigga
From the jump kept fucking up, talking that same shit:
So I snuck up, and fucked up her game and shit!
Bitches that's down and we found 'em
The pump we caught 'em then clowned 'em
Lot of niggas stretched out from a murder case
I don't mind doing it again—the shit that got me locked up in the first place
Forced to let the nine go buck!...I truly don't give a fuck

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Naww, not giving a fuck, not giving a fuck about shit!
To me I see life, like it's a bunch of fuckin' bullshit
'Cuz everybody's running around with a crooked scam
And every fuckin' minute I see a nigga in an ambulance
Just another dead body; niggas got the streets so rough
They going out worse than John Gotti!
So for the year '9-2: I'm saying fuck the motherfuckin' Feds
I'd rather put some fuckin' heads to bed
On a penny-ante pump, talking junk?
I beat you down so bad, ya own pops don't recognize ya
It's better known as the first degree murder
Causing death and destruction
And niggas live and die by the gun
So make way, here I come
It's a bitch that don't give a fuck;
You make another move, you get fucked, up!
Cause that's the name of the game
Is to either Kill or Be Killed
I pulled the trigger on the nigga
'Cuz I ain't the one to get played on
You just got sprayed on—what? 'Cuz I don't give a fuck

[Bridge]
I don't give a fuck, not a single fuck
Not a single solitary fuck
'Cuz I don't give a fuck motherfucker!
Not a fuck, not a single solitary fuck
I don't give a motherfuckin' fuck, motherfucker
I don't give a fuck, not a single fuck
Not a single solitary fuck
I don't give a fuck motherfucker!
Motherfucker, I don't a give a motherfucker
Not a motherfuckin' dime
Motherfucker, I don't give a fuck!

[Verse 3]
The gang's living in a world where the underground's dwelling
Do or Die or Get Done—your cap'll get peeled
Take it from a real bitch dropping motherfuckin' facts
Strapped with a big black gat under a trench on my back!
For motherfuckers talking cash shit, the Boss'll get drastic
And put the motherfucker in a casket. You can't last with
Bitches on a gang tip, and can't hang with
Bitches blowing out brains out quick!
Another day, another dead-ass bitch
So grab the gat; Dee—take them niggas back!
I'mma take you back in the day, so niggas get 'em up
When niggas was rough and tough
But nowadays you just get buck;
When you fuck with a bitch baller—you call it a manslaughter
When she's taking the life of one of your sons and daughters
Because back then that's just the way shit went
Bitches will blow yo ass up—in a motherfuckin' minute
You ask whyyyyyy??….We don't give a fuck!

[Outro]
I don't give a fuck, not a single fuck
Not a single solitary fuck
'Cuz I don't give a fuck, motherfucker!
Not a fuck; not a single solitary fuck
I don't give a fuck, motherfucker!
I don't give a fuck, not a single fuck
Not a single solitary fuck
'Cuz I don't give a fuck, motherfucker!
I don't give a fuck
I don't give a fuck
I don't give a fuck
I don't give a fuck, not a fuck!