[AMG]
Aw yeah!  AMG's in the motherfucking house!
I got somebody I want y'all to meet
Here's my sister.. ("BITCH!")

[Verse 1: Bo$$]
Yeah back again and again and again, it's the Bo$$, damn right
In the mood, I feel like fucking with a nigga tonight
And can't no motherfucker slow me down, hold me down
Yo if I was you I wouldn't fuck around
Cause I was one to start static
Watching a nigga look up the barrel of my automatic
When a nigga panic, I just sit back and laugh
And if you got something to say, you motherfucker that's yo' ass
So save the what cha say and all that bullshit
A lady like the B ain't in the mood to be fucked wit yo
Cause I'm a slick bitch yo, the way it has to be
Call me a true bitch cause my bitch is coming naturally
Yeah, that's the way it is, I just can't quit
When it comes, to fucking your feelings and all that type shit
The brother AMG calling me a trip
Call it what you want, cause yo this sista is one hell of a bitch

[Chorus: AMG]
Yeah y'all, my sista is a ("BITCH!")
Yeah y'all know, my sista is a ("BITCH!")
Aw yeah, my sista is a ("BITCH!")
Yo 'Shell, kick it to the next shit ("BITCH!")

[Verse 2: Bo$$]
Let me, correctly break it down to ya, the term bitch
A sista straight up clownin ya, cause the niggas ain't shit
So get this, this the season for the ladies to get even
In the nineties we doin all of the D-O-G'n
Let it be known we know what's going on
Niggas be creeping and freaking, ho after ho every weekend
But see I'm out to get a grip, a sista like myself
I'll grab the gat and get hazardous to a nigga's health
And for the trick niggas something's up my sleeve
And so you better check for your dough before you go
Today I feel like doing dirty shit, being a bitch so to speak see
I think I'll be a bitch all week, me and the D-double-E
I got the shit you can't get with, hell yeah
Straight dogging, cause this bitch is legit

[AMG]
Yeah y'all, y'all know this is my motherfucking shit
That showed you how to kick that shit (uh tell 'em)

[Chorus: AMG]
Yeah y'all, my sista is a ("BITCH!")
Yeah y'all know, my sista is a ("BITCH!")
Aw yeah, my sista is a ("BITCH!")
Yeah y'all know, my sista is a ("BITCH!")
1991 and '92 ("BITCH!")
Bo$$ is in the motherfucking house ("BITCH!")
AMG's in the house ("BITCH!")
Yo G, kick it..

[Verse 3: AMG]
A nigga wit too much dick to fuck wit
AMG's got the forty ounce, come and take a sip
Hoes love me cause "Word to the D" bumps
Dick for the chick, gun for the chumps
And yes, I love bitches it's true
Suck my dick, it's about 90 proof
You might get drunk you punk
With cha big ass and your female funk
Sliding a wave of thighs from your jiggable pie
You're burning so fast, you can probably start a fire
Bitches ain't nothing but pussy with a attitude
She might fuck, or she might make your balls blue
And yo, smack the ho with cha dick
Cause she's on some new improved shit
Cause this ho is a ("BITCH!") that ho is a ("BITCH!")
So my sista is a motherfucking ("BITCH!")

(ha ha ha ha ha...) Ha ha ha ha, yeah y'all!
Bitch, yeah
For the '92, AMG and Bo$$
Making cash, ha ha ha ha
Yeah.. ("BITCH!")