Mariah: (Sings: "Jingle Bells" in background)

[Intro: Momma Wow, Lil Bow Wow & Jermaine]
Alright Jermaine, it's time for Lil Bow Wow to go to sleep. Santa Claus is gonna be here
I ain't going to sleep
Why man?
Did you hear me?
Yeah Bow Wow you gotta go to sleep, man. Santa is gonna be here
I said bedtime!
Why ain't ya'll going to sleep then? Ain't no damn Santa Claus
(Laughs)
Excuse me?
If he coming, I'm gonna see him when ya'll see him, ya heard? Holla. Yeah
I'm sayin' man, he just paged me yo. You better go to sleep
Whatever
Child you better get over here

[Verse 1: Mariah Carey & Jermaine]
I don't want a lot for Christmas (Uh Huh)
There is just one thing I need (Ha Ha)
I don't care about presents (Uh)
Underneath the Christmas tree (Uh Huh)
I don't need to hang my stocking (Yeah)
There upon the fireplace (C'mon)
Santa Claus won't make me happy
With a toy on Christmas day (Why?)
I just want you for my own (Uh huh)
More than you could ever know (Yeah)
Make my wish come true (Say what?)
Baby, all I want for Christmas is you (Ha Ha Ah Ha)
You baby

[Verse 2: Mariah Carey & Jermaine]
I won't ask for much this Christmas (Uh huh)
I won't even wish for snow (Yeah)
I'm just gonna keep on waiting
Underneath the mistletoe (This Christmas we gonna dance)
I won't make a list and send it (Ha Ha)
To the North Pole for Saint Nick (Whoa)
I won't even stay awake to
Hear those magic reindeer click (C'mon)

[Chorus: Mariah Carey & Jermaine]
Cause I just want you here tonight (Me too)
Holding on to me so tight (Yeah)
What more can I do
Baby, all I want for Christmas is you (Baby, all I want for Christmas is you)
You baby (Ah Ha)

[Bridge: Mariah Carey & Jermaine]
(Let's slow it down)
All the lights are shining
So brightly everywhere (I like that)
(And the sound)
And the sound of children's
Laughter fills the air (C'mon)
(Laughter fills the air everywhere)
And everyone is singing (Uh oh)
I hear those sleigh bells ringing (Oh)
Santa won't you bring me the one I really need (Uh Huh)
Won't you please bring my baby to me? (Uh uh uh look out)

[Verse 3: Mariah Carey & Jermaine]
I don't want a lot for Christmas (Uh huh)
This is all I'm asking for (What's that?)
I just want to see my baby (Uh)
Standing right outside my door (MC)
I just want him for my own (Uh huh)
More than you could ever know (Yeah)
Make my wish come true (Ha Ha)

[Chorus: Mariah Carey & Jermaine]
Baby, all I want for Christmas is you (All I want is you)
(Is You)
All I want for Christmas is you (Is you)
(Is You You You You You You You You You You) (Is you baby)
Baby (Uh)

[Outro: Mariah Carey & Jermaine]
All I want for Christmas is you baby (Is you baby)
All I want for Christmas is you baby (Is you baby ¨C Ya heard)
All I want for Christmas is you baby (Is you baby ¨C Yeah)