[Intro]
Yo... Chess!
Uhhh *sound of waking up*
Yo Chess!
Chess, wake up nigga!

Yo, we gotta hit the Pit!
*still waking up*
Yea man just rolled up
Right in the morning, ha
Yo, meet me at the Pit Stop in 15 minutes
*waking up* Alright Pit Stop 15 ...
Wake up!
Yo you hear me?
Yea I hear you
What'd I say?
Meet you at the Pit Stop in 15 minutes...

[Verse 1: Travi$ Scott & OG Che$$]
Scoop my homies up to hit the Pit Stop
Bad bitch with a wristwatch
BBS's sit on this drop
Cold killer, Mike 'n' Ike thriller
Just woke up, on the way to Travi's
Scooped him in the Benz, treat it like a Caddy
Big gold watch like I'm somebody's daddy
If I was I spank butt and have two bad nannies

Ha, I ain't cleaning that shit up dude

Chess scooped me up, just clocked out we can roll
Gotta pick these girlies up, make that left right at the store
We gon blow to the crib gotta scoop my 94's
Gotta pick some homies up, these bitches came too throwed!
I'm slonky, but we should keep that on the low
I'm tripping with these pad and leathers on my tippie-toes
Vacate on the weekends, perform a couple shows
These girls skinny dipping dude jumping out they clothes
That's dope, gold BBS's like the Pope
AMG gold plates, tint the windows just to smoke
(?) all through different states and we never leaving broke
OG, OG, OG, them OG's got me stoked
No binge drinking, all my homies love to smoke
No zigs no guts, just tits and butts
Shes a jumper and my homie got the Iverson cut
(?)

[Verse 2]
Number 727 let's hit the dojo
Jimmy got bud got it going for a dub
Still kinda faded from the old smoke
A little bub, Tony scooped it from the club
And I ain't even hit that bitch
And we ain't even smash that chick
Gotta lotta Jordan's don't touch my shit
Dreams of helicopters all in my crib
With yo bitch begging to let her suck my dick
Real shit this is how we live
Dope music gold chains that's bullshit
I want a whole gang of Benjamin Franklain's
So I scoop my homies up we hit the Pit Stop

[Outro]
Two times, two times!
Who told you to step on my sneakers?
Who told you to walk on my side of the block?
Who told you to be in my neighborhood?

I own this brownstone!

Who told you to buy a brownstone on my block in my neighborhood on my side of the street?!