[Verse: Juicy J]
I'm untouchable nigga and Im never gon’ leave
None of my niggas behind, I'ma bring ‘em with me (mafia)
Draco sitting in the book bag
None of my niggas gotta cook crack
All my niggas litty and my bitch something to look at
Niggas hating too much
I come through I'm too clutch
A man, a man, a man all this blessings all this new love
Nigga that bounces back, they can't handle that
I got my own shooter ain't no comin' back from that
I could never fold, why would I surrender?
I got options nigga, you just a imposter nigga
You should pay attention, look at how I'm livin'
I can go spend seven figures and I wouldn't miss it
I'm just sucker free, she just love the D
She know I'm that nigga, that's all she know 'bout me
She know I keep the heater, right there on the seat
You should listen to her when she say don't fuck with me
A man

[Outro: Travis Scott]
People tryna say I'm only into me
Got a code with my dawgs, can't get in between
I can't give them life, no more energy
Man, man, a man
Spent 'bout sixty on the time, I can't even lie
No way in, no way out, this shit do or die
So I roll, when I roll, must be suicide
A man, man, man (yeah!)

[Verse: Travis Scott]
I can't rock Benz, I don't do peace (yeah!)
I'll beast, I'll beast, I gotta eat (it's lit!)
Sabertooth tiger, diamond two-teeth (straight up!)
Rocking right now, won't you come peek (alright!)
P was outside, P was outside (P!)
The way that ass shake, leave your mouth wide
You need to say grace 'fore you say thanks (yeah!)
A man, man, man (yeah!)
What's left in my life? Don't know what's in store
I've been dealing with these blessings that I can't ignore (can't ignore!)
Putting up the numbers, we ain't keeping score
Man, man, a man
I get on the block with it on my side
Running in the house 'fore it's twelve o'clock (yeah!)
Yeah, the hood love me but you gotta watch
Man, man, a man (yeah!)
I just popped three, I don't do sleep, yeah
Tryna shoot a scene, make a movie (straight up!)
We 'gone fall thru, coming thru deep (it's lit!)
Man, man, a man (yeah!)
Packed up from the South, moved into the West
Iced out logo on the cross, threw it on my neck, yeah
When I rep the set, gotta stay blessed, yeah
Man, man, a man

[Chorus]
People tryna say I'm only into me
Gotta code with my dawgs, can't get in between
I can't give them life, no more energy
Man, man, a man

[Outro]
Man, fuck what it meant to me
Everybody tryna take that identity
Everybody around me turned to a fr-enemy
Sit back while I sip on the remedy
I cannot let it get into me
It's playing a toll on me, mentally