[Intro: Playboi Carti]
What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What?
Huh?

[Verse 1: Travis Scott & Playboi Carti]
Lil' mama, she loyal (Yeah!), lil mama a star
Lil' mama, she give no fucks (It's lit!)
Bite it, this a steak
She a psychic (Yeah, what?), she exciting (Alright!)
High bike it, (What?) appetite it (Yeah, yeah!)
Help her tie this, (What?), help her ride this (It's lit!)
Help her leave (Yeah) help her psychic (What? What?)
Help her drown it (What?) help her ride it (What? What?) (Straight up!)
Help her leak (What?), help her deep (Yeah, yeah!)
Couple G's (What?), couple keys (Yeah, yeah!)
100 G's (What?), I got her on smash (What?)
She let it go fast (Yeah!)
Don't know what to do with all this cash, yeah (Alright!)

[Chorus: Travis Scott & Playboi Carti]
Yeah, Green & Purple, got me going in circles (It's lit!)
Yeah, it's after curfew, she done snuck the work through (Straight up!)
Yeah, it's controversial, how we make the world move (Yeah, yeah!)
Yeah, you said I heard you, don't think I overheard you
(What? What? What? What? What? What? Huh? Huh? Yeah, what? What? What? What?)
Don't think I overheard (What? What? Huh?)
Don't think I overheard

[Verse 2: Travis Scott]
Yeah, yeah
Bad line me, yeah, remain lowkey (Yeah!)
Yeah, fuck on me, yeah, silently (It's lit!)
Yeah, Jacques don't eat, no, Jacques don't speak (Alright!)
Yeah, ride lonely, yeah, driving with no keys
I can go do ‘bout a hundred of these (Straight up!)
All my fruits bloody like Applebees (Yeah!)
Cannot be tamed, yeah, I had to go
Call me up Semi right up the road
I been up leanin' for nine days
I ain't been sleep in like five days
Night in the shuttle, we're cold as hell
You want us to win, I can never tell
In the inside, I dropped this
Look at the sky for ideas (Alright!)
Astroworld time, it's timeless
In the back of my mind, it's reminds us (Yeah!)
They don't want time, I'm beastin'
Hit him with time for like me (straight up!)
Overly hooked up to IV
Yeah, open up the doors, ho, let 'em swang (Let 'em swang)
Yeah, link up like the rose gold on the chain (On the chain)
Yeah, Hpnotiq and tonic off of everything
Yeah, circles 'round your bitch, circles 'round your gang
Yeah, kick it like Cobain

[Chorus: Travis Scott & Playboi Carti ]
Yeah, Green & Purple (Yeah!), got me going in circles (Yeah, yeah!)
Yeah, it's after curfew, she just left the work, hmm (It's lit!)
Yeah, it's controversial, how we make the world move (Straight  up!)
Yeah, you said I heard you, don't think I overheard you
(What? What? What?  What? What? What? What? What? What? What?)
Don't think I overheard (What? What?)
Don't think I overheard
Yuh, yuh

[Verse 3: Playboi Carti]
How you pull up on that bitch (What?)
We get the guap and we kick it (What?)
Shawty gon' suck like a tick (What?)
Diamond they look like it's dancin'
I pour the lean in the Mist
I cannot handle no shit
Shawty just handle this shit
I pop the perc and I kick
We get the guap and we kick it
I get the guap and I split (Split)
Split the whole thing with my clique
VVS diamond on my wrist
My diamond not Tiffany bitch
Under no light and it hit
All of these bitches we hit
Fuckin' that bitch
Shawty bitch look like a bitch
Hittin' that shit
Forty clip came wit' the stick
Yeah, rockin' the shows
Got em like whoa
Fuckin' these hoes
Dodgin' them hoes
Keepin' the pole
Got her on go
You know how it go
Got her on road
In love with my roll
Count up bankroll
Ain't lovin' them hoes
That's when I roll

[Chorus: Travis Scott & Playboi Carti]
Yeah, Green & Purple, got me going in circles
Yeah, it's after curfew, she just left the work, hm
Yeah, it's controversial, how we make the world move
Yeah, you said I heard you, don't think I overheard you
(What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What?)
Don't think I overheard (What? What?)
Don't think I overheard
Yuh, yuh