[Part I - "STARGAZING"]

[Chorus: Travis Scott]
Rollin', rollin', rollin', got me stargazin' (yeah)
Sippin' on purp, feelin' like the Barre Baby (it's lit)
Whatever I downed, it got me goin' crazy (yah)
Psychedelics got me goin' crazy (alright)

[Post-Chorus: Travis Scott]
I was hot as hell up in the heat (yeah, yeah)
Then this storm came in to save my life
Meditate, just got down on my knees (straight up)
Out of nowhere, you came here to stay the night
In the nighttime, in the nightime (woo, yeah)

[Part II - "STOP TRYING TO BE GOD"]

[Bridge: James Blake]
Is it the complex of the saint
That's keepin' you so, so, so still?
Is it a coat of old paint
That's peelin' every day against our will?
Is it too long since the last
Open conversation you had? Oh, no
And did you see the void in the past?
And can you ever see it comin' back?
Well, can you always be a step ahead of it for me?
Well, can you always be a step ahead of it for me?

[Part III - "SICKO MODE"]

[Verse 1: Travis Scott & (Notorious B.I.G)]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Made this here with all the ice on in the booth
At the gate outside, when they pull up, they get me loose
Yeah, Jump Out boys, that's Nike boys, hoppin' out coupes
This shit way too big when we pull up give me the loot
(gimme the loot!) Was off the Remy, had a Papoose
Had to hit my old town to duck the news
Two four hour lockdown, we made no moves
Now it's 4 AM and I'm back up poppin' with the crew
I just landed in, Chase B mix this pop like Jamba Juice
Different colored chains, think my jeweler really sellin' fruits
And they chokin', man, know the crackers wish it was a noose

[Bridge: Big Hawk & Swae Lee]
Some—some—some, someone said
To win the retreat, we all in too deep
Pl—pl—playin' for keeps, don't play us for weak (someone said)
To win the retreat, we all in too deep
Pl—pl—playin' for keeps, don't play us for weak

[Verse 2: Travis Scott, Swae Lee & Uncle Luke]
No, no, no, no, no
This shit way too formal, y'all know I don’t follow suit
Stacey Dash, most of these girls ain't got a clue
All of these hoes I made off records I produced
I might take all my exes and put 'em all in a group
Hit my esés, I need the bootch
'Bout to turn this function to Bonnaroo
Told her "hop in, you comin' too"
In the 305, bitches treat me like I'm Uncle Luke
(Don't stop, pop that pussy!)
Had to slop the top off, it's just a roof, uh
She said "where we goin'?" I said "the moon"
We ain't even make it to the room
She thought it was the ocean, it's just the pool
Now I got her open, it's just the Goose
Who put this shit together? I'm the glue (someone said)
Shorty FaceTimed me out the blue

[Bridge: Big Hawk & Swae Lee]
Someone said
Pl—playin' for keeps
Someone said, motherfucker—someone said
Don't play us for weak

[Outro: Travis Scott]
Rest in peace the queen of soul, Aretha Franklin
ASTROWORLD number one, right now
VMA make some noise
Yes, sir