Thank you

First off, Thank you God for allowing me to make it to this point. Thank you to my little sister for letting me borrow your allowance when mom wouldn't give me bread. Thank you to my little brother for being the most animated person I know. Thank you to my Dad for being the best and craziest Dad I have ever known. Thanks for teaching me everything I know. Can't forget about Wanda Webster, my amazing mom. Thanks for putting up with my shit. Thanks for spending every dime on me. Thanks for coming to my rescue every time. I love you, sooooooooo fucking much. I wouldn't know what I would do if I didn't have you. To my Aunt Debra and Uncle Travis, my inspiration when I grow old. I wanna be happy and caring like you. To my Grandmother, I'm glad y'all are still here to witness the kid get dizzy. I love you Uncle Allen and Aunt W love y'all. W wish you were around to capture the pictures of the kid growing. To my brothers for life J-Will, J-Rich, Dozie, Chase B, Ashton, we finally did this shit from T Lock up in my motherfucking night, eating that double cheese and hitting that wing stop, sweating in what we knew was the pit. We did it niggas, time to take it to the next level billion dollar mindset. To my new found brothers Easy, David, Marc, Corey, Daniel, Bizzy, thanks for holding it the fuck down. I owe you a fucking ton. Y'all have a crazy amazing soul. I wouldn't have survived a day without y'all. To my nigga Sickamore, thanks for being down since day one, believing in a nigga mad early when everybody called us crazy. You stood by us. Thanks for dropping everything to come complete this mission. To Laurie, my lawyer, thanks for holding it down early when I came in with nothing before I even knew I was going to be an artist. Thank you LA Reid, Sylvia, Rhone and my awesome label. Thank you to the EMpire Hotel for letting me stay there for the love some nights. Thank you to La Esquina, I love you. Thank you to my fans. This is for you... Oh yea thanks to my nigga Ye and TIP for taking the young La Flame in and inspiring a nigga

Sincerely - T