[Intro: Blac Youngsta]
Hey Travis Scott, hey-hey-hey-hey-hey, Trav
You know what the fuck up, nigga?
Know what I'm talkin' bout?
Nigga, nigga, one thing for sure
Two things for certain, nigga
We gon' keep drinking this motherfucking lean, nigga
And wearin' these motherfuckin' Rockstar jeans, nigga
They want what a nigga can't stand
I know what they can't stand
I know why they mad, nigga
Know what I'm talkin' 'bout
But we don't give a fuck, ye
We gon' keep this big ass MAC-11 on deck
If any fuck nigga get out of line
If any fuck nigga want do somethin', nigga, we can do it, nigga
Know what I'm talkin' 'bout?

[Chorus: Travis Scott]
Coordinate the tan with the beans in my Rockstar skinnies (Yah)
I'mma need some more, need some more, if I really wanna feel it (Yah)
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah
Spend that money fast if I had to
Make that money back if I have you (It's lit!)
Coordinate the tan with the beans in my Rockstar skinnies (Straight up!)
Coordinate the xan with the lean in my Rockstar skinnies (Yeah, yeah)
Coordinate the tan with the beans in my Rockstar skinnies (Yeah, yeah)
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah

[Verse 1: Travis Scott]
Highway, dip in traffic
2 gears, automatic
Leave the strip club tragic
2 broads going at it (It's lit!)
Me and Jacques going brazy
Me and Chase going brazy (Straight up!)
Smashin' off your old lady (Yeah!)
Everythin' all gravy (Yeah!)
Coordinate the tan in the beans in my Rockstar skinnies (It's lit!)
Pour a little more if you really wanna feel it (Straight up!)
Foreign little broad and I really wanna hit it
I'ma take her to the back rah

[Chorus: Travis Scott]
Coordinate the tan with the beans in my Rockstar skinnies
I'mma need some more, need some more if I really wanna feel it
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah
Spend that money fast if I had to (Yeah!)
Make that money back if I have you (It's lit!)
Coordinate the tan with the beans in my Rockstar skinnies (Straight up!)
Coordinate the xan with the lean in my Rockstar skinnies (Straight up!)
Coordinate the tan with the beans in my Rockstar skinnies, yeah (Yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah)
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah

[Verse 2: Travis Scott]
Ain't nobody outchea goin' hard for ya
Outchea goin' hard for ya (Straight up!)
You've been workin' out, you're goin' hard for ya
You've been goin' hard for ya
You might fear my ideas
When it's time to pop pills and pop seals (It's lit!)
When I run a fire drill, you're right here
Everytime we drop out, we drop chills (Straight up!)
Tryna tell ya
Ain't nobody outchea goin' hard for ya (Yeah, yeah)
Outchea goin' hard for ya (Yeah, yeah)
You've been workin' out, you're goin' hard for ya (Yeah, yeah)
You've been goin' hard for ya (Yeah, yeah)

[Chorus: Travis Scott]
Coordinate the tan with the beans in my Rockstar skinnies
I'mma need some more, need some more if I really wanna feel it
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah
Spend that money fast if I had to
Make that money back if I had you
Coordinate the tan with the beans in my Rockstar skinnies
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah