[Verse 1]
Negativity, bet they pickin' me every day
While niggas whine, I'm out crushing my 5 Grapes
A good space, frame of mind til y'all came
They such a drag but naysayers Sheneneh
Stevie Wonder had them vision problems
It’s a wonder my 20-20’s can see tomorrow
You 20 something, his block is jumping like Vietnam
His mama be with the needle more than Nikko Hurtado

[Chorus]
Ain’t no hope for a young nigga
Ain’t no goal for a young nigga
Too short for a sport nigga
It gets horrific, we glorifyin' them drug dealers

[Verse 2]
Yea, so where your keys at, Playboy?
I sling hyperboles at a warped speed
Usain Bolt runnin' from ready, set, bang, go!
Third album of fate, nothing to bank on
I paint for 'em, they lay em on it, I paint more
They ain't showing the same love, try to think through it
I must influence some better music, let the hate show up
When 'Le show up, we make noise, that that they can't ignore
This cold poet just throw up quotables to give 'em hope
Go and slow up haters train of thoughts with brainstorms
We all niggas with dreams whether music or ball
Whether hooping, a song or simply pursuing em all
Since Paint a Picture, I been on a mission
Coming from the district everything but monumental
I ain’t gotta mention all the little flaws
Where the stairs it’s the boys, find it hard to follow politicians
And they Marion Barry, yea I have Barry Sanders
Never wanna be gangster, put them dirty pads up
The man route, try and get my parents out
Fuck a stash spot, I was mastering the slant route
Fly Route, I write, double white out
Since the rhyme route whole city taking my route
Taking my route
Tell these niggas that it's my house
Black hero
Ain’t no black hero

[Chorus]
Ain’t no hope for a young nigga
Ain’t no goal for a young nigga
Too short for a sport nigga
It gets horrific, we glorifyin them drug dealers

[Bridge]
Young nigga, ain’t no goals for a young nigga
Too short for a sport nigga
It gets horrific, we glorifyin' them drug dealers
Ain’t no goals for a young nigga
Too short for a sport nigga
Say we all gifted
We all gifted aha
And we all, and we all, and we all
And we all gifted
And we all, and we all, and we all

[Verse 3]
And I wrote this album without a care in the world
But the outcome as long as it’s an outpour of niggas who
Came out they downfall like an overblown round ball before my sound off
Or maybe this music will inspire a future mountain mover or two
And if I ever rush more music out to you
Then know that I’m overworking myself ‘cause my heart and mind into it
Ain’t been a black hero since Robert Townsend
So for meeting your man I hope you found something profound and enough to expand on before the sound falters
Ha ha, before the sound falters

[Outro About Nothing]
"Yea, so yea, how come, uh…
Yea, I came in to do the album"
"Right"
"I thought we’re doing the album today
How come? What happened?
When are we doing that?
Are we still doing that?
Do you wanna do it?
Album About Nothing, when are we doing that?
I thought we were doing that"
"I just wanted to see if I can get you here"
"I’m here
I came here to do it"
"I don’t really have much for you right now
I don’t know what to do"
"Well when are you gonna have it?
When am I doing it?
I’m ready to do it right now
I wanna do it"
"I’m not too sure, Jerry"
"Well, who is sure? Who is in charge of this"
"This is Gifted, this is The Gifted session
This isn’t Album About Nothing, this is The Gifted session"
"Oh, this is The Gifted session?"
"Yea, for the album that I got now"
"Okay
Alright then I guess I’ll come back"
"Please"