[Intro: Trey Songz (Red Cafe)]
This is the remix, this is the remix
This is the remix, shawty
This is the remix, this is the remix
(We gon' go one more again)
This is the remix, baby girl
This is the remix, this is the remix
This is the remix  (Red Cafe), lil' mama
This is the remix, (Shakedown), remix, remix
This is the remix (Trigga Trey talk to 'em)
Remix, remix...

[Verse 1: Trey Songz]
Ohh baby I love the way you make a nigga feel
Stepped out on her and she love a nigga still
She ever fuck around, she gon' make a nigga kill
It’s official, she my misses
Here’s a tissue for you bitches
And my ex hoes, she pop ex rows
Shots of the XO, then she tongue kiss it
Fuck them, we lie together
Get high together, left NY together
G-IV fly together
She ain't tripping off nutting nobody else say
She say "you my nigga so fuck everybody else Trey"
Baby hating hard, here's my love cause you need it
I give you my heart just don’t break the shit to pieces
Ain't nobody, can't nobody, don't nobody won't nobody
Do it like we does it and I love it so fuck it

[Chorus: Trey Songz (Red Cafe)]
When I fly you fly we fly together (believe that!)
And when I shine you shine we shine forever
Baby, we shine (what else?)
When I fly you fly we fly together (HUH?)
And when I shine you shine we shine forever
Baby, we shine

[Verse 2: Red Cafe]
Shakedown...
Cafe, momma, let me thrown on the rubber
Door bell ringing, I'ma heat it at the buzzer
She wanna tear the mall down, threw her stacks quick
Ask her address, she holla Saks Fifth (huh?)
You a lady boss (yeah), now you fly free (yeah)
Put you in Jimmy Choo and you ain't even Chinese (what else?)
Mixed cocktails, shaken not stirred
With her head in my lap, how can I not swerve? (believe that)
Shawty thick, got Cleveland Cav's (ahh)
So much class, double D's and ass (what else?)
Superfly, opposite of basic
Of course you got haters momma, you on the A-List

[Chorus: Trey Songz (Red Cafe)]
When I fly you fly we fly together (believe that!)
And when I shine you shine we shine forever
Baby, we shine (what else?)
When I fly you fly we fly together (HUH?)
And when I shine you shine we shine forever
Baby, we shine (Wale..)

[Verse 3: Wale]
First class seats, bottles on me
We getting Chicken but these skinny models won't eat
No days off and I ain't getting sleep
Cause when I get my money right, I'm 'bout to OD
I shine, you shine, so we shine
I'ma show you why the ring finger need a peace sign
Yeah, since I was a knee high
Being fly was something that's in my Levi’s
My genes y'all, my DNA's what I mean y’all
'Cause I be all, 3 or more for them [?]
So peace shawty, but CÎROC I got peach in it
Everything at ease, you in double M G presence, Ralph

[Verse 4: J. Cole]
You ain't heard, a nigga like me
Been around the world twice sipping ice tea
Come with me, to Madrid that's where Real play
Quit the job baby, come and fuck me all day
You see my lifestyle's been nothing but lifestyles
Late nights and early flights, rushing right now
But she, gotta have that, grab that, what's that? Long?
Automatic, cut that, flush that, gone!
And I don't wanna be a playa no more
Okay I'm lying, but I'm trying
They say the money talks and bullshit walks
Have amazing conversation while we flying, I ain't lying

[Chorus: Trey Songz (Red Cafe)]
When I fly you fly we fly together (believe that!)
And when I shine you shine we shine forever
Baby, we shine (what else?)
When I fly you fly we fly together (HUH?)
And when I shine you shine we shine forever
Baby, we shine