[Intro]
You know these niggas ain't fuckin' with me
You know that, right?
Look what you've done

[Hook]
It's like I'm on the Heisman watch
That's gotta be what would describe, symbolize I've got
Skill, four times the talent around me
Desmond Howard playin' for Howard
Just tell me how can I be, stopped?

[Verse 1]
This Allen Ive' at an Ivy college
They can't check me, I don't practice, my class too hard
Nigga mean my swag is grown, bag too big
But y'all not hip, I'm Bo Jackson though, go
Prolific, no weapon that's formed against me
Is prosperin', my guard center his wall for me
And SportsCenter endorsin' me
I'm Anthony Dorsett on these niggas
Was in the picture, the stars called me
Got sweeter than Peter Warrick or
Warrick Dunn when I'm done leavin', we gettin' on the bucks
Trust, we gettin' on the bucks
Like a mid-major playmaker, niggas ain't on to us
Yeah, keep sleepin'
Still I rock it like Raghib every time I feature
Ha, yeah, that's Rocket Ismail, y'all
Speed kills, I'm a speed demon
And what you deem a deacon I see as a Duncan, big
Fundamentals, longevity in abundance and
And I run this shit, comin' to fuckin' humble niggas
Fuckin' dusty lookin' Sanduskys could never touch the kid
Yessir, Folarin applyin' pressure
Keep defyin' odds, increase your haters and net worth
Yessir, Folarin got hitters that work
I'll pop 48, leave your whole team in a redshirt
Yessir, that's work

[Interlude]
Who will be the winner?
The winner is...
Thank you, thank you
Thank you, thank you, y'all
Know I don't play, mixtape and football but I'ma roll 'til I'm tired
And rap lines still matter
Nike! And while I'm at it I'd like to shout out Roc Nation Sports
Young Hov, Pecas, OG Juan
Young Money Sports, Mack Maine, God bless you
Gifted athletes forever
Keep it down, keep it down, I got somethin' to say
Look... hollup

[Verse 2]
USC, would you please give Reggie his trophies?
And I hope the NCAA pay the players like coaches
Joe McKnight, I pray for your soul and family with passion
And a cold cell in Angola for Mr. Ronald Gasser
And a former college runnin' back, now just an honest rapper
And I ran a 4.4 twice, but these 16s much faster
Deshaun Watson, Lamar Jackson
I start rappin', they start watchin'
They start gaspin', I don't need no backup
R.I.P. Rashaan Salaam, this shit was hard to tackle
But if I bear it they gon' see what's on my head, now catch up
Like CTE got some of my people feel a lil' off
Memory loss, mood swings, tryna feed the family
That CTE got some of these niggas slowly fallin' off
So I pray that y'all retire healthy and keep a passion
Young, rich and happy, and you ain't got to like me
But I got that vibe, make Mel Kiper go write about me
Now send the kite up to Lawrence Phillips, no, Thunder Collins
The former running's for Cornhuskers, they fumbled out it
Now read up on Randy Moss, playin' for Bob Bowden
I'm Tyreek Hill, I see redemption, I see my talent
Yeah, I got the talent, their season cancelled
They're Ryan Leaf, their season cancelled
Yeah, I got the talent, their season cancelled
May not have no Grammy, but goddamn I should be in Canton

[Hook]
It's like I'm on the Heisman watch
That's gotta be what would describe, symbolize I've got skill
Four times the talent around me
Desmond Howard playin' for Howard
Just tell me how can I be... stopped? Ralph