[Intro: Dew Baby]
I know where the fuckin' loyalty at
Where the fuckin' loyalty at?
Where the loyalty at?
All these diamonds boy, I know you see it
I'm like where the fuckin' loyalty at?
I know you see it
I know you see it
Woah, woah

[Hook: Dew Baby]
I like where the fuckin' loyalty at
All these diamonds boy, I know you see it
When you grindin' where the fuck they be at?
And when you shinin' they don't wanna see it
I'm like where the fuckin' loyalty at? (x2)
When you grindin' where the fuck they be at?
And when you shinin' they don't wanna see it

[Verse 1: Wale]
No
Don't ask a nigga where that loyalty at
Ain't trynna hear it, nigga show me you that
And I'm with the shits somebody throw me a rag
Cause'll get you hit pay that lawyer fee fast
Ring buck, get 'em cleaned up
Reincarnate them all nigga
With more Goose than a nigga duck
Brown juice give a nigga heart
What you niggas get ya cool from the liquor store?
Keep foolin' like a nigga, not real
On the real know some real live villains that'll pull your card
Ho, I am not for no fugazi shit
Niggas jock the flow they pay me for
And it's cold in Baltimore
The drop was off, but I am not with no complaining bitch
I'm on some "fuck the game" that made me rich
I'm on some knuckle up and lay these mitts
Wait these niggas cool
They can't see the ball, they on some cut from Laney shit

[Bridge: Wale]
Aye lil' boy where ya loyalty at?
My Solbiato where the Hoyas be at
PG & MoCo where my old ones is at
And if you hate me don't be throwin' me daps

[Hook: Dew Baby]

[Verse 2: Dew Baby]
Whoa
I'm like where the fuckin' loyalty at?
Nosy bitches, where my royalties at?
So that's why I stay where my homies is at
I roll with SB, I know they got my back
So I just took it back to the trap
Got me a bitch that work and strip at the trap
And I got her in there flippin' the pack
Shout to 155th that's a fact
So I just took a trip out to Harlem
And got the head in the whip with no problems
And any situations yes I maneuver
I'm not with Bird, then I'm prolly with Boosa-uh
Or then again I could be with Wild
We highed up and like to smoke all the loud
Fool like to ride around with the pump
I fuck around and knock yo' back in the front
Whoa

[Hook: Dew Baby]

[Verse 3: Fat Trel]
Hol up, hol' up
I'm like 'where the fuck the loyalty at'?
Stripper bitches, where my royalties at?
My coke smokey, where the foil be at?
I'm off this earth, I'm where the soil be at
So I just took a trip out to Cali
I'm sippin' lean, getting head in the Audi
Gucci and Louis, boy you prolly with Bally's
Me and Dew Baby only eat with the family
So I'm like where the fuck the ecstasy at?
Got hella sacks, hella packs in the trap
I'm over Tecs, I got this Mac in my lap
I put my tongue all in her butt, it's a wrap
With the UUV Honda with llamas
Bullshit, I put this pump to yo' mama
They ask 'well where the fuck the Benjamins at'?
I'll fuck around and knock a front in the back

[Hook: Dew Baby]