[Intro]
Hit me, uh, uh, leavin' y'all to rest, right, right
Head out the window screamin', "Maybach"

[Verse 1]
One in a million, baby, I did it
From the city of straight gorillas, it made me a winner
I bought a new whip, like to rap about it
Only difference 'tween me and those niggas
Is that I actually got it
Y'all livin' lies, I'm a livin' legend
They know my presence from Spice Berry to Seat Pleasant
South Side but takin' Veneta leather luggage
Levitatin', hover, I'm smokin' a holy confetti
They'll never take me under, they never say we under
These bitches down to leave, no longer up-and-comin'
Smart H by the waist, got the broads runnin'
A lot of G's in the piece, nigga, Frozen Tundra
And I ain't trippin' about a rapper these days
Money quicker than Jamaican relays
With that said, I relay
Life about the joy and pain, word to Beverly, Maze
Black diamonds in the watch, it's okay to be late
Let me finish my grace

[Verse 2]
Look, man, I do this for my culture
To let him know what a nigga looked like
When it was just a pen and notebook
Bowing down to no one
Never live on our knees, nigga, please
Nobody back where they showed up
Oh Lord, somebody pray for me
These niggas out of line, I heard they playin' for keeps
Well, I'm a self-made nigga, a well-paid nigga
So if a nigga need advice, well, he can listen to me
I seen a nigga play the weapon, leave a nigga deceased
Throwing nickels at the well but only changin' my jeans
I ain't changin' a thing, maybe I'm part of the problem
I done started a couple of parties where bodies were shot up
I done dissed some bitches, I done carried some friends
Shit, I've been in my feelings but I got on the team
I get over shit quick, understandin' my flaws
Loyalty is a law, MMG under God

[Outro]
One day, just one day they gon' understand this worn out heart of mine. And subscribe to this genuine article of mine. But never mind, a brother you argue with is a brother you love enough to correct. The passion over profession as I religiously rep that MM shit. I pray for the poor, I pray for the rich. We gon' pray for these mentalities that only contingent upon our salaries, chains and chicks. Shit, I'm a pray for my enemies and I'm a pray for my squad. By God, it’s on us. We gon' pray for Gaza twice as hard. Free my cousin Bola, free Real, free Books, free Kano. MMG though, free Meek though, let's get it