[Intro: Wale]
Blue Moon, hey-ye
Run it

[Verse 1: Wale]
Look
Catch me somewhere in the hills of Beverly
Where the girls on drugs, and we play 'let's guess what they take'
I'm somewhere uptown, I seen a [fiend?] come through
But I only need the loud, and I can't speak for you
I ain't judging you baby, I just need you to come through
She said, "Baby, I'm on one" I said, "Yeah, me too"

[Hook: Tove Lo (Wale)]
Baby, listen please, (You not on what?) I'm not on drugs
I'm not on drugs, I'm just in love
(She said...) Baby don't you see (You not on what?) I'm not on drugs
I'm not on drugs, I'm just in love
You're high enough for me...

[Verse 2: Wale]
Catch us deep somewhere mobbing through the DMV
Since Adam Morgan done all of the college girls on they thing
And I can't stop singing, I bump my gold lane
For a gold lane swinging, the flow bend too much
The whole team is up, when I swim the hoes
Are chlorine too much, my pupils geeking
Whoop! I got fuel for the engine
Whoop! I got few girls with me
Whoop! All I need is a couple minutes
I'mma do her like a Guinness, run through them little kidneys
I am not sober, drugs on me
[?] shit nigga, Grunge homie
So Nirvana, these hoes around me
You the type of nigga, that give 'em social problems
Sosa Junior, they know my father
Realest out of Naija, [The lower the naira ?]
Hoes around me that'll jump from Compton
Might catch you on stage that's my lil mama
I'm headed to the top that's you niggas' problem
I'm on a top mountain you on a slow slalom
What are you on? Your eyes are low
I'mma ask one more time - is it highs or lows?
Is it ups or downs? What kind of vibe you on?
Do you uber ride? Is your license good?
I'm the type of guy a broad streaming for
I made her Spotify, put a title on her
I'm riding this beat like a tidal homie
Her man so big like a title on me
You ain't pulling no smoke like a tight L homie
And I crush more backs than a Riddell helmet
I'm... great
Tove Lo
Mm mm mm, I know

[Hook: Tove Lo]
Baby, listen please I'm not on drugs
I'm not on drugs - I'm just in love
Baby don't you see I'm not on drugs
I'm not on drugs - I'm just in love
You're high enough for me (high...)
You're high enough for me (high...)
High (high...)
You're high enough for me (high...)