[Verse 1: Lorde]
I’ve never seen a diamond in the flesh
I caught my teeth on wedding rings in the movies
And I’m not proud of my address
In a torn up town no post code envy

[Pre-Hook: Lorde]
But every song’s like gold teeth, grey goose stripping in the bathroom
Blood stains, ball gowns, trashing the hotel room
We don’t care, we’re driving Cadillacs in pur dreams
But everybody’s like Cristal, Maybachs, diamonds on your timepeace
Jet planes, islands, tigers on a gold leash
We don’t care, we’re not caught up in a love affair!

[Hook: Lorde]
And we’ll never be royals (royals)
It don’t run in our blood
That kind of luck just ain’t for us
We claim a different kind of buzz!
Let me be your ruler (ruler)
You can call me queen bee!
And baby I’ll rule, I’ll rule
Let me live that that fantasy!

[Verse 2: Rick Ross]
Silver Rolls Royce, cigarette smoke’s scented
New fur rug, now my dirty boots in ‘em
Flowing in the parking lot, like we’re rolling in the college
Mean as a dean, triple beam, well polished
She wanna watch Scandal, I wanna count a handful
Dead presidents sleeping in the attic of the mansion!
All I heard was murder, think the house’s haunted
Super Bowl tickets they bitches and Fed chargers
Label the racketeer, John Gresham with a pen
Top three writer but number one at your event, ha
Mastermind unfolds like a true crime
Double M, gold mind for the whole time!

[Verse 2: Lorde]
My friends and I, we’ve cracked the code!](2901283)

[Verse 3: Wale]
I said, hear out, we’re out, bring her back, can’t rewind
Back where I’m from, they move shack from the line
As D-why, bricks, moving D-why, bricks
No peace sign, they peace out, they precise the shit!
Fresh up out the G5
Givenchy three times
Life is a bitch, well, my dick is a big yacht
All aboard, all aboard!
Like life is a beach, all these people they flip-flop!
When I smack the dwag shit out
Told the niggas I ain’t kidding, this is the Sean Kemp out
Nigga, step out, I see you niggas bitch out
Ya see these broads stand you, I get these bitches sit downs
What now? What now?
You know what? I think you’re irritating
Like we didn’t come out in this motherfucker through the basement
Like we ain’t blowing like we’re locals posted in Jamaica
........, a hundred cases, baby …
Now that Working Title, Purple Label, and my Jordan Laser
Everything is foreign, we’re of course a lot of fornication
Different cloth, nigga, ain't nothing fabricated
A lot of thots like a fucking scatter brain thinker
My whole pandemonium, pardon the Panamera
It’s crazy, in this black and white just like an Animaniac
Uh, shout out Waco and Dot
I use your baby mother scrunchy to wrap up a nut

[Verse 4: Magazeen]
I never was a bad man, bad man
Turn on the AK turn it out!
We brought it off and we now play
Until the…
You never was a man shooter, shooter
Came to the Magazeen
And yellow team … leave the scene (yellow team)
Your brother run and your mother scream
I wanna leave no witness, (witness)
Body at the wall, please! (Dead bodies)
Take shot in your face (in ya face)…
Until them… test me, test me
I want them where I want
Na, na, na, me gonna sing like a player!
Believe me