Wale: Dear Ms. Lily, you got some nerve. In the sense of that sense deserve you to feel me. Kill me if I lie. Cause I ain't goin' down. Baby it's not obliged that I'm Mary J. Blige. Mean I'm not goin' cry. Oh well. Blowin' my hot air she waitin' to exhale, hell. Well, a sucka for a tale, my names Wale but they know out Wales. Yeah

Lily: When you first left me, I was wantin' more. But you were fucking that girl next door. What'd you do that for?

Wale: [voice over] Who you talkin' about, her? I'd a got right back

Lily: When you first left me, I didn't know what to say. I'd never been on my own that way. Just sat by myself all day

Wale: You miss me, huh?

Lily: I was so lost back then. But with a little help from my friends, I found a light in the tunnel at the end. Now you're calling me up on the phone. So you can have a little whine and a moan. And it's only because you're feeling alone

Wale: Nah, I'm just kinda bored, baby

Lily: At first, when I see you cry- Yea it makes me smile. Yea it makes me smile. At worst I feel bad for a while, but then I just smile, I go ahead and smile

Wale: [Voice Over] Who you talkin' about me? Oh nah

Lily: Whenever you see me you say that you want me back. And I tell you it don't me jack, No it don't mean jack

Wale: We'll see about that

Lily: I couldn't stop laughing. No I just couldn't help myself. See you messed up my mental health. I was quite unwell

Wale: As you shoulda

Lily: I was so lost back then. But with a little help from my friends, I found a light at the tunnel at the end. Now you're calling me up on the phone. So you can have a little whine and a moan. And it's only because you're feeling alone

Wale: I'm glad you think so. Ho!

Lily: At first, when I see you cry- Yea it makes me smile. Yea it makes me smile. At worst I feel bad for a while, but then I just smile, I go ahead and smile

Wale: [You understand what I'm sayin'?] I was touchin' out, I got right back. Like Pen Pals or a Email Chat. See I aim like [Aine] Her Frame her mind was nothin' to be pictured. But she ain't wanna listen. We kick like Fulham. And it was just a quickie. But really wanna make love and Lily my religion. Simply, I can be that and all that. I got cheese I could turn you to a mall rat. I won't leave 'em at your door like a doormat. And I'm a keep knockin' at it like a Morman. The more men lie, the more she saw from 'em, protection she endorsed by endorphins. The other girl I adored was a whore joint. The neighborhood roller her mother was an orphanage. No tears, those so tears zero From here on out I am all about dinero like Pesci. so now let the lets be set free and see if we're lovers or enemies. Test me

Lily: At first, when I see you cry- Yea it makes me smile. Yea it makes me smile. At worst I feel bad for a while, but then I just smile, I go ahead and smile. [x2]