[Intro: Wale]
This is the fun part, know what I’m saying?
I'mma catch you next time around

[Verse 1: Wale]
Seen the highs and lows, remember when I was broke
Trying to shower with soap, roaches all in the soap
Now I’m killing these shows, I just deliver the hope
These women give you their heart, these bitches give me they throat
These bitches give me their mind, all the time leta way to break it down
Never tell em "bend over", I just make em’ take a bow
Stepping out, fly shit, straight purple cloud shit
Roll the whole mountain, now I’m on the couch, bent
Okay DMV shit but they know me out in PA
Scooping out hoes at the O’s out in PA
HAHA okay my flow is on that freebase
Louboutin sneakers I suppose I can relay
Mac Miller my little nigga, real nigga
PA skillin, we on a roll like thick strippers
You still sleeping, you can’t see 'em, we still beefing
We still rolling, we still blowing, we still chiefing
I’m still killing, still winning, we still Sheening
I’m Ricky Vaughn on the song, why you still swinging?
Why you lil niggas still swinging?
I got virgin tight flows yall still swinging

[Hook: Mac Miller/Wale]
Maybe good shit happens, so what if it does?
Maybe the worst gon' come, so what if it does?
It ain't nothing to me, I’m who they coming to see
So I ain't giving a fuck
My nigga, good shit happens, so what if it does?
Maybe the worst gon' come, so what if it does?
It ain't nothing to me, I’m who they coming to see
So I ain't giving a fuck

[Verse 2: Mac Miller]
I ain't givin' fuck
I hear em talking, I don’t listen
I’m up in the clouds, looking down, I ain't even in a rush
I been laughed at, hated on, nobody would play my songs
Wouldn’t even listen to anything that my name was on
It’s a heart and a soul, an' this marvelous flow
'Cause as hard as I go
I know that I can’t stop, won't stop, I love what I do
You don’t even know yourself, how we fucking with you?
I ain't got time for all the problems, no I never did my trig
Smile on my face got me feeling like the shit
Bll Clinton pimping, always with a Monica
Days Inn, turn that shit to hotel erotica
Marijuana for everybody in yamakas
I don’t give a fuck, tell my homies "pick some bottles up"
Ain't talking shit, we gon' party all day
When I'm in the DMV, I hit the homie Wale
Hit strip clubs, find bitches with big butts
I don't give a fuck I'm getting drunk, only live once
Young and dumb as hell, businesses I'm running well
Something, something, something, something... fuck it

[Hook: Wale/Mac Miller]
Maybe good shit happens, so what if it does?
Maybe the worst gon' come, so what if it does?
It ain't nothing to me, I’m who they coming to see
So I ain't giving a fuck
My nigga, good shit happens, so what if it does?
Maybe the worst gon' come, so what if it does?
It ain't nothing to me, I’m who they coming to see
So I ain't giving a fuck