[Intro: Eric Bellinger]
Oh, oh
Yeah, oh, oh
Sheesh, yeah, yeah
This gon' be your favorite song, yeah

[Verse 1: Eric Bellinger]
What you doing now? What you doing later?
What you doing when you wake up?
What you doing out? Hit mi casa later
You don't even need no makeup
Girl, do me a favor
Tell me, would you be my lunch time?
On your lunch break before you go home
Could you squeeze a nigga in you, baby?
Maybe while you getting dressed
Maybe when you in the shower
Have your meeting in my bed
I just need a half an hour

[Pre-Chorus: Eric Bellinger]
Come through, come through, what you doing in your spare time?
Come through, come through, can I do you in your spare time?
I know you busy, girl, yeah, you got work tomorrow, yeah
You don't go to clubs, no, that's why your money long, long

[Chorus: Eric Bellinger]
Baby girl, you should come through in your spare time
Where are you in your spare time?
Hey girl won't you come through in your spare time?
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, in your spare time

[Verse 2: Eric Bellinger]
Oh girl, you know I wish I could hit you right now
You know exactly what would go down
I've been up and down your whole page
Thinking 'bout you screaming my name
What you doing in your spare time?
Can I do you in your spare time?
What you doing when you get home from work?
If you need it like me, could you swing by?
Know your career on a incline
Baby, I don't need a set time
Early in the morning or late at night
Know you got a little spare time

[Pre-Chorus: Eric Bellinger]
Come through, come through, what you doing in your spare time?
Come through, come through, can I do you in your spare time?
I know you busy, girl, yeah, you got work tomorrow, yeah
You don't go to clubs, no, that's why your money long, long

[Chorus: Eric Bellinger]
Baby girl, you should come through in your spare time
Where are you in your spare time?
Hey girl won't you come through in your spare time?
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, in your spare time

[Verse 3: Wale]
What you doin' later? Can I do you later?
I'm like roller coaster, you're like a movie date
That mean you be screamin' like the whole time
When you with him, you gon' go quiet
You gon' see him, probably go *sniggers*
You gon' see me, probably go "Oww"
What you doin' when you free, girl?
Do we have chemistry, girl?
Player house on a Sunday
Sean got Hennessy for us
Real nigga with a whole bag
Top down, where your hoes at
Some white hoes, that got boss swagger
Turn Bulls into Magic, Horris Grant
Blue moon, it's the real shine
I drive you up the wall so much
Shawty, I'ma occupy your spare time

[Chorus: Eric Bellinger]
Baby girl, you should come through in your spare time
Where are you in your spare time?
Hey girl won't you come through in your spare time?
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, in your spare time

[Outro: Eric Bellinger]
Just let me know
Just let me know girl, when you got some spare time