Ay, Ay, please raise your glass your for the uh, the whole D.C , um, metropolitan area. My name is Wale and I do this rappin thang. Sometimes, well, and sometimes its..great

Please hold your applause
Hold the door for girls
Roll trees for the boys
Best believe this is the boy
They fiend in the door
Nothin sweet when I attend, see
Im seated by the floor
Im courtside, Wizard game
Courtside, Thunder game
Sittin so close
Flip ask Is you gon play?
But I dont never play
Kick game, one of eight
Twelve girls fall in love, but really only one I ate
Use to wear a ton of Bape
Now its only moderate
All dem niggas gonna hate
Im washin off another plate
Yes, Im gluttonous. D.C. up in this
Now they fallin off like Nutso on Above The Rim
Wale, you must know Im on my stuntin shit
Throwin round wallets like the dude that Kid Cudi hit
I be on some other shit
The youngest of my mother kids
Ill prolly hate myself before I ever loved one of dem
Yall can't deny it, Im a fuckin ryder
They made it on the tour. I can spend it on my rider
How you niggas pimpin if you spendin on vagina
Stalkin them on Twitter with your LOL Smileys
Metaphors, similes.Im hungry as Somali
Shoutout to Montana, I ain't talkin bout some Mileys
Whip, plane, motions own
Truthfully, some eye at least
Material possessions dont define me, I'm Irie
Ridin with some dimes thats beside me, they like me
Ridin smokin dimes like Im blinded just slightly
Marijuana medical, smokin' or that edible
Nigga, so high, I gotta modify my schedule
Layed back, high as hell. Eyes under YSL
Attention Deficit was such a claim, see how I excel?
Loud pack, I propel. Burgandy, out to kill
Dont worry bout a nigga dro. Know a nigga fly as hell
Burberry, quite a hell
Might as well, mix it up. Im a fashion whore
And by the looks, see I dont give a fuck..

Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Please hold your opins
Please give me back my scrotums
Lola want some grandkids
I dubale to my elders, then, now they look at me like Nigerias Elvis
They dubaleing to me. Bawo ni to my ladies
Adabo to my haters
G-Shock when Im playin
O damo when Im fakin
Ore voir to the doubters, and I punish every challenge
Now Im gettin more rings than Bill Russel in an Audi
And, Im really high, really really high
To get inside my mind, itll be really ill advised
Kill em all, fuck em all. Hip-hop really is alive
Look at Joey, look at Royce, Joe Allen, Crooked I. Look at Wayne, Lupe
Look at Drake, look at me. Marshall, Black Thought, J. Cole, Jay-Z, Raekwon, Jadakiss, and The Clipse
Bun-B. Send a prayer up to heaven, Mr. Chris Henry
Hold it..now thank you for silence
Lets appreciate all the beauty in this life
Cause one minute you are risin, next minute you declinin
If a bitch lyin (lion), then you could be a Tiger
Woods Im smokin out, rellows Im smokin out
Every bad bitch in the ghetto gonna know about us
Catch feelings of a pussy, thats rarely homey
I leave the cap before the ring, Brian Kelly on 'em
And she ain't 'bout to get no ring, Jim Kelly homie
And she ain't bout to change her name, Bison Dele, no
And Im really gone, and Im forever flowin
So let me leave the studio before the storm go in
Thank you, thank you, yall are far too kind. If yall ain't heard this shit I recommend you rewind