[Produced by Jake One]

[Intro: J. Cole]
I gotta ask Jake One for the beat though
I don't know if he'll be cool with letting...
I don't know man it's really some album shit
Takin it up??

[Verse One: J. Cole]
Yeah winter schemes for my summer dreams
Winning seems to become routine
It's my thing
Underdog, never under yall
I touch down in your city like a hundred yard
Dash, never punt at all
Last thing I need is four downs
My baddest just graduated from Georgetown
Grad school, cause a nigga like em grown up
Im seeing rappers in the gym trying to tone up
I've seen rappers on the road, no one showed up
I feel partially to blame let me own up
I'm sorry, brand new Ferrari
But really though I'm frontin'
I really don't mind discussin
That Bugatti in that Beyonce video was just for stuntin'
Scared to mash the gas
Cause if I fucked around and crashed
That would have been my ass
That whip is 'bout a million cash (million cash?)
And dog I just got rich
How you gonna take a million from me, dog?
I just got this
Came a long way from that weak ass advance
Was in the Honda on that LIE passing fast
Wasn't about the money then cause he had the chance
Built it from the ground up, no hit singles
Just a lot of fucking gifts, nigga, no Kris Kringle
Cole
I'm the reason that your old bitch single
Gave her dick made her whole shit tingle ya feel me?
Born Sinner doubt this diamond chain gon' heal me
Lord let me kill the game and pray the game don't kill me
Multi before I die bitch believe that
These rappers rich as fuck but don't know where their seeds at
It's a shame, niggas lame, this is fame for ya
I gotta be the only one that didn't change for ya
I saw ya sortin through trash and brought change for ya
Open up their lane, do I gotta say names for ya?
And I ain't even flexin
Plottin on that Warm Up 2, I'm just stretchin
Fourth quarter, so much due but fuck stressin
I just step into the ring and do my mothafuckin thing (my mo'fuckin thing)
Fourth quarter, so much due but fuck stressin
I just step into the ring and do my mothafuckin thing (my mo'fuckin thing)
Wale kill these niggas man

[Verse 2: Wale]
Ugh, ugh
Wooooo! Gifted!
Ya! Spring greening but I'm winter frigid
And with this summer album got me booking all them bitches
Until I'm par with bitches, my parking garage official
Boy I play with foreigns and I feel just like Kawhi Leonard
God-given talent, momma gave me passion
Got me, a Rihanna feature, y'all should see my demographic
Copy us, dap me up, rapping niggas done got me fucked
Half these niggas is carbon copy, faking a nigga would be redundant right?
I'm tryna shed a bunch a light
In a country where niggas follow models and hype
You know, trends and that shit
Niggas wearing leather down in a 110
Just a classic-ass nigga
Rapping circles 'round these squares, out of shape, and I ain't tripping
Shoe game prolific, this Hublot a ticket. This Ron Simmons meets Richard Simmons, go Google their differences As I
Maneuver the industry, few is against me, I ride
With shooters but truthfully, tryna get loot out of Disney, I'm high
I'm tripping, I'm fried, forgive me, that's right, you with me
A cold world if I ain't slide by your chimney, we gifted
Tryna distribute what Allah has given me, listen
But some of the bars are synagogues to a godless opinion
And dig it, in layman's terms
Man these lames can't contain these words
New slaves we were, we were shut down, we were not proud for those things we stood
'Till we bust out, then bust down on that chain, we good
New black soul, new black soul, new black soul
Ain't toot my horn but I'm the new Satchmo
This Bishop Tutu with a 2Pac flow
You niggas think too slow, you Pikachu but I'm Picasso
Peep how I do it, gotta deep mind so I free my quotes
Peep my approach, I'm thinking more like Lee Iacocca
Come see my show, this shit look like that door knob broke
There's hoes and hoes, and I'm sure I'm bout to know like four
You P-Myers replace me, then that four-five show
And I'm just saying if I don't make it I'll still feed my folks
Still I keep shit real, I ain't never been a sucker though
Gold albums on my bronze game, fucking stupid
And I'll fucking do it, new legend shit got me juiced
Whoever got problems with Folarin come find me, pursue it
Remind you of a time there was knowledge in music
And I do it for the niggas that promise the future
New black soul, new black soul, new black soul
And any bitch that got me twisted only grew my fro
Ha, and it's like that, right? Right?
And it's like that, right?
Uh, uh, Gifted!