[Verse One]:
I've traded it all for this music shit
Got an old mic instead of a newer whip
Honestly, thinking "Why'd I start doing this?
Was it to make a couple girls say the dude exists?"
Mission accomplished
Cause "Who is this?" quickly turned into "I know who you is."
"I know who you is." turned into "What room you in?"
And "What room you in?" turned into set ups
That's how niggas get wet up when you found out that you knew her man
To another city, another state
It's another pretty, another face
Start to make you feel like nothing's really great
And that girl that you left back home couldn't wait
So I just find myself one day sitting every place I go to
Go through my whole life over rice and tofu
So when we fuck you can't say "I hardly know you."
Ex-girls listening like, "That shit is so true."
I'm bored/board with the games but I really have no Clue

[Hook]:
So if you see me out and about with a girl with a smile you should probably say "hi"
Cause by the time you turnaround, I'm up in another town, another girl on my side
It ain't like I'm trying to play you
If I-I say I'd still date you
But I can't move
And I can't choose
That's what I can't do
I wish I could change too, see you are my
50 first date boo
You are my...

[Verse Two]:
I'd be lying to say I'm not stressed
Been on the bottom more than anything
Now I got this pretty thing topless
My guess is, talking to my exes
I never wrote letters so how can I address this?
Bank account fine, but couldn't pay it no mind
She said, "Love is a battlefield be careful with mines."
Yeah, ain't that accessible kind
But I would never hurt your heart I'm in my medical prime
I ain't really picky
But one of my problems being deleting numbers of girls or saying the wrong thing
Like, "I love Family Guy. And hate South Park."
That's the kind of shit that makes a nigga not call
Wow
We gonna fuck now, let's not stall
Then what happens after this, I guess we'll find out tomorr
Seen 50 girls face
Through 51 states
So this is how I ended up on 50 first dates
Like I'm walking out the door when I get to her place
I'm gone

[Hook]:
So if you see me out and about with a girl with a smile you should probably say "hi"
Cause by the time you turnaround, I'm up in another town, another girl on my side
It ain't like I'm trying to play you
If I-I say I'd still date you
But I can't move
And I can't choose
That's what I can't do
I wish I could change too, see you are my
50 first date boo
You are my...