[Intro]
Haha, yeah
How y'all doing out there? (Alright, alright)
Thank you for joining me this evening
How y'all feel?

 [Hook]
Like I feel so awesome
How you feel? Awesome, I guess that's awesome
Shawty you fine and your body is awesome
Wanna roll? Awesome, well let's go, awesome
Hands in the sky like…

[Verse 1: XV]
I’m A-W-E, some call me awesome
Some call me Vizzy, hunnies call me often
Gator on my shirt, what did it Lacoste him?
Jesus Christ I'm good, please don't cross him
How rude, Stephanie Tanner
You don't gotta watch me but please watch your manners
And I be getting green, so mean, Bruce Banner
Gifted flow and presence, man I’m the new Santa
And uh, I’m saying Kansas where I’m staying
Where niggas be bang-bangin' like Pops on the Wayans
And even through the hating in walls they thought I stay in
Psh, who you playing? I done went Super Saiyan
This that off the glass, off the floor, off the board jam
We in the building, you wishing you had the floor plans
You just a door, man, door man, damn, I wish I had more hands

[Pre-Hook]
Now tell me what got two thumbs and knows how to spit rhymes?
Two thumbs up, you gon point 'em at this guy
Al Hedison couldn't be this fly so ask how I feel and you know I reply…

[Hook]
Like I feel so awesome
How you feel? Awesome, I guess that's awesome
Shawty you fine and your body is awesome
Wanna roll? Awesome, well let's go, awesome
Hands in the sky like…

[Verse 2: Pusha T]
This is history in the making, ain’t you feeling it?
Thief flow, they say I’m on some show stealing shit
My solo discography, I’m building it
Now every time you hit the space bar, I'm killing it
Yeah, I’m so fucking awesome, 200,000 was paid to out-floss ‘em
They don’t wanna follow my lead, I gotta force ‘em
To keep the competition in line, you gotta sort them
Fire engine red in that drop head
Haters drop dead when I’m in that bobsled
Cover girl on my side and she bobs head
Saying yes to my denim as she nods head
XV from the middle of the map
I’m coming to you live from the middle of the trap
Colors in the chain likes Skittles out the pack
The hustler, teaming with the gentleman of rap
Let's go

[Pre-Hook]

[Hook]

[Verse 3: XV]
Ay, I'm awesome, every time I lay it down
I think that I kill 'em, play possum
Death proof, ride around with Rosario Dawson
Tell 'em open wide when they see how I'm flossing (ching)
Cooler than a peppermint, Wayne's World excellent Party on Garth (shwing)
Work ethic harder than a Mexican
That's why I can walk up into any restaurant and close the whole thing
See? Even G couldn't F with it
Semi-colon, dash, parenthese, text message it
That's a side smiley face ‘cause I'mma make the best of it
I assume you should make room for the elephant
Boom, where I come from is irrelevant ‘cause my glory is all that I revel in
And my story begins where most others end
So all I really got to tell ‘em is…

[Pre-Hook]

[Hook] (x2)