[Verse One] [AC]:
She only told one girl she could trust about her crush, told her, "hush"
Cause she seen him everyday on the bus
Plus he never noticed her much
Even when she had a low cut blouse and overloaded on blush
She would sit at the table and gaze and watch
How he stay with jocks, fact that he was balling gave him major props
She fantasized about a date to watch Transformers
She had a nice little shape, but ain't no Megan Fox
They never met until the day he knocked over her tray and blocked her way
Which made her drop her tatter tots
He apologized and asked for her name
Avoiding acting all lame, she answered, "Elaine"
"What up Elaine?
I wanna make this up to you." He says
"Tonight is homecoming you should come to the game." And she said, "Yes."
As she started to blush
Poor Elaine all she wanted was a crush
Now everything was finished and the game went into OT
They wind up winning but Elaine was the trophy
So he
Invites her to a party with his peers
Drink after drink then the party went upstairs
It only took that one hit of E to get her hot
And he proceeds to get on top
As he puts it in she screams, "We better stop!"
Virgin on a stick as sweet as cherry pops

[Hook] [AC]:
She said, "Give me that funk, that sweet, that classy, that mushy stuff."
All she wanted was a crush
But all he wanted was to crush
He said, "Give me that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff."
All he wanted was to crush
But all she wanted was a crush

[Verse Two] [XV]:
He writes the sweetest letters saying how he'll treat her better
Than any man that probably ever met her
She never pays attention or listens to all of the whispering
And niggas that come up to her and sweat her
But he was so persistent and cute from a distance
She started feeling this dude for this one instance
Even though just hitting was his mission
He put in mad work cause it worked and left all the girls in his past hurt
First they started talking she gave in and gave a chance
They started walking, they hit up a club, she loved to dance
A slow song came on, that's when homie took a hand
Placed his on her hips and said "You wet in the pants?"
That he wanted to be in since the first glance
And she wanted to give in since the first dance
She said, "Let's go back home."
He said, "No, I don't want to take advantage." And she replied, "You won't."
This nigga handling his like a pro
So they go to a room and proceed with the show
She fall in love like, "You had me at hello."
While his eyes are fixated on the doe
Cause you know
All he wanted was to crush
All she wanted was a crush
And what they got instead was a little bit much
Sonogram picture on the table at lunch
She said, "The fetus is about three month."
And he slumped

[Hook] [XV]:
She said, "Give me that funk, that sweet, that classy, that mushy stuff."
All she wanted was a crush
But all he wanted was to crush
He said, "Give me that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff."
All he wanted was to crush
But all she wanted was a crush