[XV talking]
Primo!
You know I was thinking it would've been real dope if I could've just recorded this on like a dual cassette recorder. But then I was thinking, damn I can't upload it. But it's cool, I'll keep it simple though. like two track or whatever. Yeah, ya know. With Donny Goines in here. Yeeerdig?

[Verse One] [XV]:
I got my Skee-Lo single
My Nike box of tapes
Aa couple of new originals and De La Soul's Stakes
Is High, and Ryan borrowed my Black On Both Sides
While I'm dubbing the color and the shape
In the mix come on at 8:00
Index finger on that record button
Grandma got me a dual deck to record something
Blew the dust up off it, hit pause on playing tunes
Sold my bike to my neighbor, lock myself into the room
Told all of my dudes, got my demo coming soon
I even drew the cover
Resurrect the tape deck, man I Used To Love H.E.R
She was like safe sex
It went out around the year 2000
I'm down for the future, that's what I do now
But what they did, the flame to our soul blew out
Now everything is fusible and digital is doable
So please bow your heads at the tape decks funeral

[Hook]:
The funeral of the tape deck
The funeral of the tape deck
The funeral of the tape deck
The funeral of the tape deck

[Verse Two] [Donny Goines]:
The funeral of the tape deck
My eulogy, musically just describes how I'm missing the way it used to be
And even though all the CD players ain't new to me
Usually I just reminisce of moments old school to me
Blank cassette in my tape deck
Recording them break sets
I couldn't wait to hear what they played next
When I was breaking my curfew, the tape it was purple
Way before they started playing commercials
A lost era in time
Back when there was rewind
I must admit I was a fan at the time
But things change and it's evident that that era has died
Now irrelevant, my sentiments I'm sharing with pride
Because the generation now can't see what I visualize
When it all epitomized the music all criticized
And now the culture of hip hop is minimized
May it now rest in peace
Why my nigga died?

[Hook]:
The funeral of the tape deck
The funeral of the tape deck
The funeral of the tape deck
The funeral of the tape deck

[Outro] [Donny Goines]:
I remember playing my tape so much those motherfuckers would pop. Walking down the block to get that new Clue, that new Ron G. Y'all too young for that, y'all don't know about that. Man what up? XV. You already know. Donny Goines