[Hook: XV]
Open up the store, they like damn, what you offer?
I say take a look and see, now they call me Willy Wonka
Now, I ain't tryna brag, but I be lookin' proper
They say "Boy you stay as fresh as everlasting Gobstoppers"
(Repeat x2)

[Verse 1: XV]
Hello, my name is XV, I'm a microphone controller
With some goobers in my pocket and a straw up in my cola
Play them back, but I'm always on my grind like a moler
Ain't like none of these bogus niggas, make me a new folder
I be in the cut like a mower
Tryna get my dough, oh, no wonder they call me Homer
I like to think I'm on the brink of my Odyssey
And mix-matchin' when you see Lil Weezy on his prodigy
So why talk about who fresher, who get fresher?
My peers ain't on my tiers, so just support the pressure
Nigga I'm the lead role, you ain't even wanna measure
You the gum, at the bottom of my shoe, actin' extra
I make squares seem cool like checkers
Just tryna stay away from being Bobby Fletcher, bet your
Bottom line dollar, I'm the coolest kid so holla
Just in case, you gon' say, why they call you Willy Wonka?
Well

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Wiz Khalifa]
Notebook, notebook, trapper keeper paper
Willy Wonka's in my closet, all these flavors
Shop with me, you'll get exhausted
Broke niggas stay outta Dodge
They just can't afford it, yellow starships
Walkin' out the men's department
Now look at that bitch ridin' with me, and she gorgeous
You 747'in, I'm G4'in, snorin', paper like the NBA, ballin'
No look
Big house
I don't cook
My chick exotic, bring what I want through
And I don't even tell them what I want
I just throw pool-parties at my hotel room and they come
Didn't know I'm famous so she claim she ain't a groupie
You feed her McDonalds, I'm Nakama eatin' sushi
Gotta lot of loose leaf (paper)
Come down to dat money boy I'm straight, no chaser, okay!

[Dialogue]
Girl1 - But what's it do?
Willy Wonka - Can't you see? It makes everylasting Gobstoppers!
Girl2 - Did you say everlasting Gobstoppers?
Girl3 - I want an everlasting Gobstopper
Girl4 - Me, too!
Girl5 - And me!
Man - Fantastic invention, revolutionize the industry

[Hook]