[Intro] [XV talking]:
Yeah. This was only right. Shout out to whoever sent this to me on Twitter. Ha ha ha. I'd like to thank y'all for coming out this evening. Could of had any CD in the world, but you listening to me instead. Ha ha. Thank you

[Hook] [Cee-Lo]:
Just keep your faith in me
Don't act impatiently
You'll get where you need to be in due time
Even when things are slow, hold on and don't let go
I'll give you what I owe in due time

[Verse One] [XV]:
I remember when I first heard Goodie back when I was goodie two shoes
Niggas didn't know my name if I was playing who's who
Give your dog a Blue Clue
Tell him I've never been the one to ever front like I'm too good for new shoes
I wonder if my city holds me back like a hug
Cause I could light up the world, just got to find the plug
Had a budget with no tea so I'm trying to budge
I'll find it funny in the end, like I'm Doug
I say it's my time every time I see a clock
And now I'm starting to think I really need a watch
So I can keep track like hair saloons
Of how many hits I made like Barry Bonds
I said I
Got hope like a Star Wars Jedi
Even though these niggas try to sleep on me like red eye
Flights, I never left, just took time out to write/right
Picked up the mic, thanks for coming out tonight
Me and Seven had a conversation
About what to do if you never ever made it
I replied, "Man, I'll probably just live
And do all things I'd do if I actually did."
A couple Grammys in my room would be a dream though
Do I deserve 'em?
Psst. I like to think so
It's been a long road coming, I made my own lane
I only look back to see how far I've came
And niggas say my name, I try not to indulge hate
Shit I let you niggas breathe back in '08
So many ask why I wasn't in the top 10 Freshman class
And I tell 'em I just enrolled late
So no waiting I'm just quickly going to get it popping
Trojan Horse the game, can't explain how I got in
No multiple choice, fail is not an option
Channel 15 keep me locked in
Yerrrdigg?

[Hook] [Cee-Lo]:
Just keep your faith in me
Don't act impatiently
You'll get where you need to be in due time
Even when things are qlow, hold on and don't let go
I'll give you what I owe in due time

[Verse Two] [XV]:
Who said "Good folks is not supposed to die"?
The same, the same who said that heroes beat the bad guys
The days where Romeo Never Dies is over
The kids are in the theater and rooting for the Joker
When songs are just a click away from being on your Ipod
A CDR get in my car and ride away to my job
They try to call us the A.D.D. generation
So Vizzy's here to subtract all these niggas faking
Like they the big cheese but can't bring home the bacon
These fools is continental breakfast, what the fuck you thinking?
Man I'm as smooth as the cream you use when you shaving
When did it start to be cool to dress like Clay Aiken?
I guess it's just another entren in the making
The day my style become a lifestyle I ain't staying
I tell the cats that say "I wanna be like you dude."
"That's too cool but you should just do you."

[Hook] [Cee-Lo]:
Just keep your faith in me
Don't act impatiently
You'll get where you need to be in due time
Even when things are qlow, hold on and don't let go
I'll give you what I owe in due time