[Intro] [Celeb talking]:
Damn. I want to tell y'all about...one of the most monumental days in life. You know, May 31st. You know, two years ago. Walk with me

[Hook]:
May ah, May ah, May ah, May ah, May ah, May ah (the date was)
May 31st

[Verse One] [Celeb Forever]:
When I was kicking 16s about what niggas wanted
I was hitting pussy and cumming but bitches wasn't
Life's a bitch, I'm in this bitches stomach
Belly of the beast, roll something I'm getting blunted
Why is cell handmade, good weed no ashtrays
Whip chains, we past slaves you niggas is fronting
More money, less bling, sleeping on a yacht, boy them wet dreams
From jets to jet skis, water to the airports
On this private flight, this my first time at the clear port
Bunch of other shit I ain't prepared for
Everybody care more or at least pretend to
And everybody stare more, screaming in my rear view
Sorry I don't hear you niggas
Don't fear you niggas
30,000 feet up, I ain't near you nigga
No man better than, view like the Jeffersons
Crib like the president
Fuck her good, tell a friend

[Celeb talking]:
You know that was about the time, me, Ethan Green, you know, we was doing this shit. You know trying to get this shit out there. You know what I mean? Shit is crazy

[Hook]:
May ah, May ah, May ah, May ah, May ah, May ah (the date was)
May 31st

[Verse Two] [Celeb Forever]:
Even my closest friends front in front of women
Then smile all in my face, but this is the life we living
From this point forward, I solemnly swear to show my ass on these records
Every verse like it's my last
No exceptions on my Chris Brown shit
Look at me now just for a second cause the pedals to the metal
We successful from the ghetto
My girl drove herself crazy
Would've thought we had a baby
Tripping
But that was her kicking herself in the ass for hoping that it would last
I'm hoping this purple grass making crack sales
For Heaven's sake, I catch Hell
Why this life seem like blackmail for a black male?
And black people keep filling all the graveyard shifts
Black and Mex nigga, I pull the race card
I know you see me
I see myself too, never being as lame as y'all
But lameness is contagious so actually I ain't blaming y'all

[Celeb talking]:
You know I blame myself for all the haters you know? They right you know, like, who did we think we was at that time you know?

[Hook]:
May ah, May ah, May ah, May ah, May ah, May ah (oh, but it was about)
May 31st

[Verse Three] [XV]:
We made it to the building that people told us we can't be in
Man listen, we champions
Ambition verses Ambien
Tried to give us pills to pipe us down, we wired now
Unemployed forever, but we hire/higher now
We don't lie around unless we getting laid
Drinking wine with some crackers who ain't never been saved
And aye/A
My grades were never ever been great
I accepted Cs and Ds so my CDs could play
And I seen Gs get slain in streets we would claim
Now I'm at award shows with Rih Rihs and Jays
The beats he would make to keep the lights on
Jobs told me to Beat It, so I turned the Mike/mic on
A dot on the map that you should put your eyes on
Cross your t's before you cross the street around my home
Said if I blew/blue like the sky's tone, I'd party all night long
Until them niggas watch till my time's gone
Gone