[Produced by The Awesome Sound]

[Verse 1 - XV]
Yeah, do I want this bad as I think that I want it?
Posters on the wall: you'd think that I'm wanted
Jessie James style... living without laws
A rebel without cause, and models
Without flaws. Sound good? Probably is..
Texted Wiz askin' him where the party is
Still don't go out, cause I always feel
Like the nigga nobody know 'bout
So til I am a Billboard charter
Record label martyr, hold my bottle
In July 4th sparklers
Going from 500 comments online to hit the club fresh
Nobody comment on mine, I won't lie
Sometimes it kills to dream
Even Superman gets hurt by the green
But what I'm scared of is getting hits
Like a fiend, then being high and
It's not what it seems...

[Hook]
What are you afraid of?
Not a thing but you

[Verse 2 - XV]
Baby I'm your boogie-man, she said
We should be friends, maybe we should be then
If that's all it takes for us to break
You could be my Rose but you chose to be the vase
She said I froze when she said
"Let's get a place!" like commitment is
What I'm scared to make
She don't gotta go and look my mom in the face
With three marriages that she views as mistakes, wait...
You'll never be that to me
Hope you know that in case you ever come back to me
I know sometimes these things seem like just raps to me
But me and your love grew so rapidly
I still see you sleeping in the bed with your back to me
How did our forever after not end happily?
Actually, I guess it's not goodbye
You can open your eyes, baby
We ain't even high

[Hook]
What are you afraid of?
Not a thing but you

[Verse 3 - XV]
Counting my blessings watching Inception
Feeling like my dreams come true
Like the totem fell over 'fore the credits started rolling
But these are just previews, it all will come soon
I'm just living in it, like front rooms
Cause any minute it all could conclude
Chasing the high like running on blunt fumes
Came from the underground, creature from the Lagoon
She's so amazed by this life I live
But I cannot stay, one night to give
And I hate to say, that I hit it and quit
But in the back of my mind I know
She thinks that I did, and it kills me
Tryna put my all into it, and those BBMs you sent
Have an "R" next to it
143's turn to OMG's - the TTYL, my flights about to leave, I know

[Hook]