[Produced by: Statik Selektah]

[Sample]:
"What good is a castle way high on hill?"

[Intro: XV]
Yeah. Whoooo! You a motherfucker Statik! And I'm a bad motherfucker. Don't play this for the kids

I'm feeling like Samuel L. Jackson, time to get it cracking
Have a good time motherfucker
That's that Samuel L. Jackson, time for some action
What it look like motherfucker?

[Verse 1: XV]
It look like Marcellus Wallace when I'm standing on my wallet
Up in mo hoes but I never went to college
Polish my flow, dropping shit, colonic
Just me and my dawg, Wallace & Gromit
Detonating bombs and more are set, Alanis
You ought to know I'm bought to blow, isn't it Ironic?
In the past I was the future like Johnny Mnemonic
And I did it through computers, guess I Troned it
Then (Ever)ything was Clear, gin and tonic
I want Halle/Halley, not Berry, the Comet
I guess until then I'm cool with an ill comic
Till Statik brings some chronic and the Philharmonic
And my shit's still knocking, deep as Uncle Phil's pockets
Shoot for the stars with every bar, cause I really rocket
And I earned it well
As for they careers? They deserve to die and I hope they burn in Hell!
Like

[Hook:]
Samuel L. Jackson, time to get it cracking
Have a good time motherfucker
That's that Samuel L. Jackson, time for some action
What it look like motherfucker?
I'm feeling like Samuel L. Jackson, time to get it cracking
Have a good time motherfucker
That's that Samuel L. Jackson, time for some action
Say "What" again motherfucker

[Verse 2: Jon Connor]
Come up out the throne nigga that's my seat
Imma son you niggas, how about I get you a hot seat and a fucking Hi-C?
Or a Varsity Blue City Club, that be the posse
Attitude, fuck it, yeah the flow a little raunchy
Body everything, this another one in counting
A dog on these beats, like Statik said he had a bounty
This the Tyson fight, my punches knock 'em out by round three
They boy fresh to death, like they drown me in Downy
I be dropping hot shit
Fly Samuel L. Jackson, I can see the Snakes in the cockpit
Watch this
Yeah, fuck the world, that's the only thing my cock fit
Hot flow, key to my success, watch me lock shit
Naw I ain't stopping, y'all gonna probably need a locksmith
Show up to your doorstep like it's dead nigga storage
Y'all seeing what I'm doing when you got to kill every motherfucker in the room
Except no substitute

[Hook:]

[Verse Three] [The Kid Daytona]:
Inside model hoes to neck wreckage
Contracts on they throats, they get reckless
Wings and rice, extra soy sauce and ketchup
A Bronx nigga like Boy George, avoid laws and fresh as fuck
Eight balls
Rack 'em up
Her thirst level, Dirt Devil how she vacuum'ed up the product
My nigga trust this logic
Train hoes to champions, Cus D'amato
Clutch the Bible, still call me father
Even out in the D.R., drowns in the aqua
Open the room do', suite look like Tel E Mundo
Game show, I play hoes, my nigga you know
Ha
Go ahead while we get a spoonful
If you don't know what it is, just assume so
I hit the town like a brown skin Lou Ferrigno
The black superhero
Sam L. shit

[Hook:]

[Outro]:
I am sick of these motherfucking rappers in this motherfucking game!