[Intro]
"Everyday as a child, I would think" -Nas
"I never change I'm too stuck in my ways" -Jay-Z

[Verse 1]
No Mike Jack
But I'm a toy collector boy respected throughout rap
Cause I'm 23 but I never threw out that
12 year old boy that lunched toys with a mouse trap
Who knows who I would be if I grew up without that
They called me a square but I got around that
And that's how I found that idea
On how to get through my struggling rap career
Me and Seven playing insane mode on Gears
Popping fizzy lifting drinks like cheers
Children Of The Corn lend me your ears
The road to success I've been driving for years
In the right direction at least I get to steer
Momma told me watch out for the deers my dear
They'll get in your way especially when you near
Hound by the games and my peers think that I'm weird
But I just think its clear
I'm living in my second childhood

[Hook]
"Everyday as a child, I would think" - Nas
"I never change I'm too stuck in my ways" -Jay-Z
"Who you know like" - Jay-Z
Vizzy, Vizzy, X to the V
"Damn little man, I'm just trying to do me" -Jay-Z
"Get yours nigga" -Nas
"Everyday as a child, I would think" - Nas
"I never change I'm too stuck in my ways" -Jay-Z
"Who you know like" - Jay-Z
Vizzy, Vizzy, X to the V
"Damn little man, I'm just trying to do me" -Jay-Z
"Get yours nigga" -Nas

[Verse 2]
Just stepped off of the jet
Well I'm home with a cell phone filled with names of girls I just met
Normally I won't call
They said "Hoff I ain't holding my breath
Until I'm blue in the face I know your rep."
But I'll call one over that I know I'll regret
The broad who came through and saw all the toys on my steps
Did you say you had a boy at one point I forget?
I'm like "Nah, these are all mine. Ain't they the shit?"
She's like "Hmm
Whatever floats your boat. I hate cartoons
Where's the remote?"
She said, "I thought you rapped."
"So what?
Ain't this my pad
Know what?
Go'n get your ass on up."
She said, "You need to grow up."
That's when I thought, maybe that I do
Live is but a show what do I have to prove?
What do I have to do?
And if I knew, not sure that I would
Wanna learn my lesson
From living in my second childhood

[Hook]