[XV Talking]:
Yeah, I might need the choir on this one Bink. It's about that time. They start saying, "XV, XV I didn't know, I'm sorry I didn't know. I didn't know that was you." Hahaha. It's about that time. We're gonna make it

[Verse One]:
Man I told y'all niggas before I showed y'all niggas
I'd be damned if I owed y'all niggas
Y'all ain't believe, I came through with the boat on niggas
Like Bo Jackson homie, I know y'all niggas
I mean I know y'all, I hope y'all niggas say
"Hoff won't make it, nope."
Royalty got deals on the table
They won't take 'em I hope
They pray for our downfall, talk to the pope
Like, "Lord, this nigga's a joke."
I did this on my own, if a label backed me up I'd be on
Put the Dub on the map, bring me, Sez & Bling
After that I'll look back at the teams
I fucks with Young Block, don't holler at the fake ones
? and I'm hella cool with K1
? to pursue I gotta leave the state, one
So I'm out in L.A. with K'naan and his guys
And NY with Jay Wise and MI with Franchise
All around the world and Australia with Meth
In Japan with my mans Bling, I love you to death
In the UK with Sez man, you know what I rep
Royaltycity.com, hit up the forums
But don't even sign up if you don't do nothing for 'em
Over 600 members, east to west coast
Got a lot of niggas from my city but they don't post
That's probably why I go ghost
Lil' Wayne getting Young Money, I'm after the grown folks
Beat you to the orange juice, turn you into all pulp
'Bout to run my city like Arnold
Go vote or go take the chair right from under Carlos
Ma he's not lying, I'm trying to buy it
One monkey don't stop the show, but keep trying
And I'ma have to call on the lions
Never biting, always writing
Please put the mic in so I can mobbing on the beat, I'm a Titan
X to the V, make sure there's no hyphen
I'm so observant, niggas know what the word is
Life's a bitch, plus she's burning
I'm still murking
Niggas on the tracks and I swear this ain't working
Gonna have to turn around and have you cats murdered
Tell the judge, "Fuck it. I'ma sleep through the verdict."
I'm the king of the city, tornados in the alley
I stand in front of twisters watch them move they way around me
I stand out in a blizzard, watch the heat come all around me
I make storms when I wanna ? surround me
I'm a straight talker, night time, day walker
Deuce one Street holder
Thee controller
Exceed quotas without exceeding the budget
Meet radio execs without feeding them rubbish
Complex on the way, man I'm keeping them bugging
Look up a classic and see that it's the definition of it
Fuck it