[Intro] [XV Talking]:
So it's the end of the mixtape. But that just means...it's the beginning of something a lot bigger. And that's the new album on the wayI ain't even gon' lie, 2007 was filled with surprises. I know I was talking big shit on all the other Definitions about '07 being a big year and what not. But damn. I didn't think it was gonna be like this. Got a bunch of new friends. Actually over 10,000 new friends to be exact. Thank you Tom. Haha. From love from The Source magazine to Black Beat magazine. Allhiphop.com. Rapreviews.com gave me notable album of 2006. Made it into the top 40 of College Radio charts around the US. I don't wanna beep my horn but beep beep nigga God damn. Haha. So one album and six mixtapes later we moving on to bigger and better things. Cooking up something fresh for y'all in 2008. It's a whole different ballgame now man.  You know it's time for our generation to step up. And I'm ready. Yessur. Haha. Let's go

[Chorus] [Phonte]:
When everything is young, fresh and new
When everything is young, fresh and new

[Phonte]:
Well, another morning
Wake up, wake up
As the night fades away
I wish you would stay for awhile
Another warning
Not to waste all our days
So let's greet today with a smile
When everything is young, fresh and new
When everything is young, fresh and new

[Verse One] [XV]
I like the word fresh but can we say, "I'm cool."
New album on the way I'ma take 'em to school?
I hear the jewel in that line
Like a diamond in the Sierra Leone mine
I'm gon' shine through the fields of dirt
And use my rhyme to heal the hurt
Drop bars that should be at Blockbuster
Cause every time it's over you gotta rewind me
You say you the best like it's stickied on your desk
I tell my secretaries, "Don't even remind me."
I'm The Definition of hunger, no wonder I need FEMA
I get deeper than the hurricane waters of Katrina
Me and hip hop like Martin and Gina
Wait they broke up!
More like Charlie Brown and the Peanuts
He's nuts, Stinky's got elephant balls
But he don't wanna see what comes out of that trunk
Number one and I took my lumps
Sweet taste of revenge, I think I'm drunk
Couple more sips for the pricks that doubt him
Niggas that ask about the next album
I'll answer that too
When everything is young and fresh and dope and cool and new

[Chorus] [Phonte]:
When everything is young, fresh and new
When everything is young, fresh and new