[Hook]:{x2}
Advice for the young at heart
Soon we will be older
When we're going to make it work

[Verse One]:
Ma, I love you
At least I thought I did
But things seem to change when you had our kid
I don't know what them hoes told you but it's like I don't know you
And since you had that baby you act like a nigga owe you
And plus you always want to light me up
With jealous questions, and I'm supposed to wife this up?
A lot of women want to be wives but don't know how
Tell me, am I Mr. Right, or Mr. Right-Here-Now?
Look I don't wanna leave cause I'd rather just stay
But the more a nigga try the more you push me away
It's a lot we got to deal with, so deal with it
The only thing I ask is that you keep it real with it
All your girls single, why listen to them?
You might as well shout at death or take a piss in the wind
Aye, you know I'm only saying cause I'm truly genuine
But don't be a hard rock when you really are a gem
Baby girl

[Hook]:{x2}
Advice for the young at heart
Soon we will be older
When we're going to make it work

[Verse Two] [XV]:
Yeah, look
We had it all, don't say we didn't
Block busting in that whip even when that shit was rented
That didn't stop you from deciding you would get in
And ride with a square even if your shape ain't fit in
So why are we on this collision course of demolition?
You flooring the whips transmission, calling you all sorts of bitches
I'm screaming, you crying
I'm leaving, you dying
The tears you were streaming ain't even close to drying
I'm calling apologizing, I've admitted my wrongs
Just saying our love was fading like the end of a song
You keep saying, you young
I'm saying, "Baby I know
More reason for me and you to grow."
That's if you want it, if you don't
That's another case
But if you do, lets celebrate, buy another case
Why wait?
Cause life is too short for us to argue this long
I hope you paid attention to this song
Cause I'm just giving...

[Hook]:{x2}
Advice for the young at heart
Soon we will be older
When we're going to make it work

[Verse Three]:
Look, sometimes I question what it is you even see in me
Cause anyone can see your energy was feeding me
You thought that we could be perfect, I didn't see it
And I guess that got you feeling defeated
With my repeated tendency to try to severe ties
And you deleted my number but had it memorized
And reunited despite our efforts to fight it, our universes collided
At a wrong we never righted, make your love feel un-required
I did everything direct and there ain't much I don't tell you
And you think I don't see your value
I'm trying to tell you that's not true, I got you
Remember what I taught you
And I'mma hold you down even when you think I forgot you
I think you'll see it when I put this paper to pen
Done in it till the bitter end
Do Usher, Jon and Luda have to do it again?
Lovers and friends
I'mma give you everything that I can
But this is just my

[Hook]:{x2}
Advice for the young at heart
Soon we will be older
When we're going to make it work