[Barz]

Yeah (You know who this is right?)
Live from the 404..Its Tha Barz

How can I start this, no need for introductions
Intros with instrumentals Lord Finesse in this production
When you're with the law rock a suit when you're discussin
How Tha Barz is so disgusting rippin' the beat with the destruction of the mic
So messy how I kick it with these rhymes
Illuminate the mind 'cuz our eyes on the money
Now we robbin' corner stores from the cries of our tummy
So don't you think it's funny when these other niggas frontin'
Let be real I'm insane like B-real
Send dogs that carry mugs all the way to Cypress Hill get it?
So listen fam I stick my hip to the game
So don't trip when I say that you're in my mindset
How I'm flowin' with the rhythm so smooth like a criminal
Homie I'm original and this is not your usual
Snapback rapper, tatted body, yo I'm different
You've witnessed the religion in its purest this is Hip Hop

[Hook]

Put it on, put it on and on and put it on now!
Its Tha Barz
Doraville
Yeah, Epic Pulse
Yo turn this shit up so I can do my adlibs, you feel me?
Yeah there you go..

[Barz]

Welcome to class I'm about to school these young cats
And teach you how to scratch like you bringing the beat back
Hold Up, Shits in reverse let me drop an ill verse
I know that it hurts how I'm under your girls skirt
Yo! she calls GZA sayin Barz is a Genius
Sharpened like I'm RZA so you know she wants the penis
So G like its Toy Story 3
I've been buzzed for light years got a Woody when I smash her
Spark up your swisher man this buddha got me chinky
Sippin' on some lean got me thinking I was Pimp C
R.I.P rest in peace heres a piece
While the world is at war we got the balls to pull a piece
My regions known, or so we're told we killed the game
Till you peep beneath the surface pull the curtain let me shine
'Cuz honestly I'm already better than you
But I ain't tryna sell my soul but just step in my shoes
Ya dig?

[Hook]

Put it on, put it on and on and put it on now!
Its Tha Barz (Yadamean?)
Creep through Atlanta (Had to bring that feel back you know?)
Put it down for my city ATL