[Interivew: Kiff (Dolly Lama)]
I don’t know, something about fire has always kind of
Struck my interest and um… Just so happens that um…
Hanging out at my dad’s all the time there was actually
A glass blowing studio right next door, attached to the building
And so growing up as a kid like subconsciously I would just
I would look, I would be hanging out side looking drain
And I would see a bunch of colored glass pieces
And something about them, just like, I really liked
There was something I was just like
I want to use these pieces to make something
And I never knew what that something was ever going to be
But I was like this stuff is cool, I want to do something with it
I was just so blown away by the qualities of it
The way the sun hit it, I would hold up certain pieces
And let the sun just shine through it
And it would just do something different
And blow my mind in a different way
I couldn't get away like I had to be in their studio
Because everything was way more interesting in there
Than my dad’s shop, cause they were blown fire
They were making fire, They had things that were on fire
And I was way more interested in that
Than putting fire out, you know, and so
I was like every time after that day they took me on their little tour
It just came to a point where my parents just like
They just kind of assumed I would do that
That just became what I was going to do, you know?
Like I would just go to my dad’s shop
Then I would just go next door
The be like, “Oh where’s Kevin? Oh he must be next door, Okay.”
Then somedays my mom would be looking for me
She’d come over and be like “Kevin, What are you doing?
We got to go, We got to get out of here”
(Not yet mom) I Know, (Come on, 5 more minutes)
So i would just (He’s in the Glory hole haha)
I mean I just kind of, at that point I just kind of come up with any
Excuse I could to find my way over there and there came one day
Where something, the owner randomly had this through
He was like “ Alight well, I think it’s time.”
And then he set up the stool
Like a bar stool right in the middle of the glass studio
Like right in the center where all the action was
And he was like, “Alright Kevin you can sit here, and just watch
But just make sure you don't touch anything or do anything
Just-just sit and you can watch” and i just sat there
For a good couple hours while I just watching them do their thing
And that just like, in some way, it somewhat planted a seed in my brain
That just like sparked something and then
I grew older, uhh… the actual founder of that studio
And owner of that studio, he was diagnose with ALS
Or Lou Gahrig’s disease. (Oh wow) and so he lost his ability to walk
And he was forced to live the rest of his life in a wheelchair
And he actually ended up blowing glass until the day he died
With…In his wheelchair basically. (What?) So (Legendary) Yeah