Too much nonsense going on, it'd be wrong to not address it
If this game's pick up, still up to be selected
Pick up where I left it
Which is twenty steps ahead
If you been in this for a grip, it's time your methods get corrected. Check it
Been perfecting this
Tryna make it look effortless
Laboratory Dexter level. Who ready to test him?
Mixing flows you never heard like a chemist
Better get aware then. Smell your fake from here or there
I swear I said it then I meant it, y'all up for consideration
Still been flirting with success, I'm just waiting to persuade it
I've been waiting for a long time, won't spit a wrong rhyme
Make a man with no legs feel sensations in his ankles
Let's just untangle the words and then unravel em so you can handle em
We distmantle beats and put em back together
No ghost writer, killing the stage without a phantom
I ain't disappearing. Steering clear. Rhyming my career
Driven to make the game revere, cuz truth is close as it appears
I never feared the fame
I swear the brain ain't quick to train
Never saught it tryna catch me off with tricks like David Blaine
Got a direction but they left it, nowadays we call it Zayn
I'm restraining from frustration, it's enough to insane
Weigh the scales, bear fruit. Can't focus on what they do
Always paid homage, now its time to pay dues
Stayed true to the game, ain't nothing gone be the same

Hook:
Got a dollar and dream
Tryna spread your vision

I close my eyes and imagine
Can't let this life pass me
Visualizing the path, as I lift my eyes from this pad
Scribble the bigger picture and speak 'til they understand it
Vision clear as it's been, driven and steering through this traffic
Visit this train of thought in transit. No sleep, I barely blink
Grippin the mic just sit and spit quick, pen ran out of ink
They say fake it 'til you make it, I can't validate that truth
There's no way that I can make it if I'm claiming to be you
True, I do it for my homies, do they even have a clue
That the time I spend on me is equally invested in you
I'm pushing towards greatness, see, and they pushing toward complacency
Dont get me wrong it's love. No need for credit, get awake and see
They sleep dreaming bout work it takes to come these places, sheesh
Lyrically come and embed em as I present em
But I'm only here for healing see
In the studio daily in hopes they feel this frequency
Like David in the field, i ain't lion, bear with me
They always love you like Whitney but in trouble they forget me
I'm asking the man above to please protect me
Gets tricky like DMC but see, I'm at they neck like hickeys
Let me ask the questions that y'all afraid of
Is heaven real or made up?
They say it cost to live in which case do we need to pay up?
What's more important, losing your soul to get your cake up? Say what
Hit you unexpected like stepping on a rake. Huh
They say what goes around comes around
Seems they only get near to the sound if a guns around
And they screaming from the crowd when the fun around
I say it all dissappear when the Son around