(Verse One)
Hey the energy in your words is so innocent
So enticing so inviting. Ooo wow
The energy in your touch is so bashful but yet so triple X rated
Ohh Oowee the energy in your kiss leaves a bitter taste of a tease
But I?m so pleased cause your delicious. Ohh (ooo wee) see magnetic energy when you add that up with me it?s obvious to see

(Chorus)
We got a match that?s made on(we got, we got) earth girl. The next best thing to heaven girl. (we got, hey ehh), We got a match that?s made on earth girl. (we got the next best thing hey) The next best thing to heaven girl. (Ooo,) You and I we got energy, (like my lips on your lips girls) ohhh energy, (when we do it after dark girl) You and I we got energy (like slow songs in the bedroom) Ooo ooo oo energy, (like magnets when we touch girl) You and I we got

(Verse Two)
See we connect with our eyes and you wrap me up in your thighs and you try to keep your voice if it?s good and you make noise and you just can?t get away so you agree to stay we both know what it is, we really know what it is, it is what it is hey

(Chorus)
We got a match that?s made on, (we got a match yeeaa) earth girl. The next best thing to heaven girl. (match made on earth girl oh) We got a match that?s made on earth girl. (we got the best kept secret) The next best thing to heaven girl (Ooo,) You and I we got energy, (You and I we got energy) ohhh energy, (you and I we got chemistry) You and I we got energy (like doing it after dark girl) Ooo ooo oo energy, (like magnums in the bedroom) You and I we got

(Bridge Big Boi)
Energy like Bill and Hillary Clinton did I mention my chicks they round like a pension plan, nigga neva penny pinchin? now for the build up the shit in the kitchen, nutrition sorta like these power bars from, from the dirty south and this is how we are all yall can call the law if yall think what yall bought what was flawed, shor-tay, ready to do that at the ready in the land of the "A" where everbody say hey, when you walk by, I, good vibration they either say yeaa, with a good situation a lil bit of red bull and vodka might kill the fatigue it?s hennessey and crunk juice for me but the vigorous activity with no sleep now this energy B O I

(Chorus)
You and I we got energy, (like my love in the bedroom) ohhh energy, (like magnets when we touch girl) You and I we got energy (like I just can?t get enough ohh na na na na) Ooo ooo oo energy, (one mo gin, on mo gin) You and I we got, you and I we got

(Adlib chorus out)