[Intro: Mr. Krane]
Remix, motherfucker!

Man I finna do my thang (get up!)
It's crazy in the club when I'm in there mayne (get up!)
Trust me homie I'm not playin (get up!)
I have the dance floor off the chain, I said (get up!)
I came to bring you that California love
And a little New York hate, it's all of the above
I'm not playin', I said I'm off the chain
And you better follow instructions, I said (get up!)

[Verse 1: Mr. Krane]
I call myself the blackest motherfucker in the history
I kick your fucking ass-hole and spell you with mistery
I spoil you with my motherfucking middle fing-er
And your future will be odd, Tyl-Er The Crea-Tor!
I'm the magician of the word, I am rhyming the curses
I'll kill you with my boom-stick and show you no mercy
Your flow sounds dumb, and your songs are just the wack
My flow is an AK, I'll make you, motherfuckers, suck!
The pussies are often trying to be clev-ra than they can
I know some of these hoes, I like to burn 'em witta gas can
I hope that every boy like Juicy J will find his Miley Cyrus
And make her scream so fucking loud that it'll be heard on Cyprus!
I don't consider every bitch to be the walking hooker
But if I look at her and see the slut then Freddy Kruger
Will come into my place and take this bitch on highway to hell
AC/DC, respect my shit, the female bitches will yell!

[Hook]
I have the South warfare
I'm the reason everybody hate, I say (get up!)
I make it hot, I make it hot in here
Your feet hurtin? I really don't care, I said (get up!)
I wanna see, I, I wanna see ya move
And get all into the groove, I say (get up!)
I'm gettin' paper, man, I really don't care
Let me see you put your hands in the air, I said (get up!)

[Verse 2: Mr. Krane]
I don't give a fuck about Hollywood and all its tricks
Makin' success in the US flow, American chicks
Plus you gon' understand me, bro...
What the fuck I'm talking 'bout? Give me the drank'n'dro!
Academy Award and Grammy Winners can't imagine
How can I hate the swaggas knowin' nothing 'bout the fashion?
It ju' because I know what diff-a-res me from they
Aye, stop the tape, shhh... Homie, wait
Gimme a couple of minnis, lemme busa rhyme
I'm not the Rhymes without Busta, I won't let it die
The TDG, okay, I'm going, homie, turn it on
These Grammy bitches can't imagine what the fuck is on!
I dropped EP two years before, this shit was taken classical
Now I have started taking pills, I'm witnessing the massacre!
This fucking television always make the brains washed
Why can't we take the shovels to make this fucking monster's skull crushed?

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Mr. Krane]
I'm a soldier of hip hop, and I need a couple more
Beautiful clever fans to discuss with them one whore
We've been chatting for a week, I think she is cheating me
She calls me Russian Eminem, but I'm just rapper, an MC
When is her birthday, huh? I don't remember!
September 21, I think I'll remember forever
But what can be a cool gift? Bitch, I don't understand
What do you want from me? A trip to the land of sand?
Nah, baby, fuck that, I know what I can give to you
A little chipmunk, and you will say that it's cute
I kiss you in your lips and fuck you in your ass
And then I'll leave your home and fly the fucking business class!
Alright, bitch, I am sorry, you fuckin' think I'm horny?
Then I will just accept, my only teachers were the pornos
Created by some bitches: Lisa Ann and Sasha Grey
I am freestyling this shit, man, it's not a game!