[Intro]
Ha ha, I'm back!
This shit like ridin' a bike baby
Hey, shout out to Fat Joe and Scott Storch
It's Dax!
Ha ha!

[Verse]
They say I remix songs, cause I can't get on
They did wrong, more spins than a CD-ROM
The dick long, from a distance they can see me calm
I'm headstrong, more influence than Lele Pons, Koran!
And you can put that on the Bible
If I ain't a God to these niggas, then I'm a disciple
Either way you flip it, I done turned into an idol
So the niggas I would listen to done turned into my rivals
Yeah I do this for survival, do this for respect
Living legend on my stomach, I predicted I was next
Unfazed by the game, got it tatted on my neck
So I ain't listening to words unless they written on a check
Yeah you better come correct, if you try and call me corny
You would say it on the internet, in person you the homie
I already know these stories, all guts no glory
Give a fuck about a hater, 'cause I made my own trophy
Anyways, I'm a straight raptor
Black man, a slave master
I slit past ya, too smart for white pastors
That kidnap ya, rape kids, then bring back to the whole pastors
Say they hate black rappers
See, that ain't prime time news
Could rap real but my shit wouldn't get no views
I need zeros on my check, just to feed my crew
So real rap, I look back when the world comes through
You see my niggas don't dance, they shoot guns
Some go to school, some rap, some hoop some
Some got a kid cause a condom was a loose one
And had another kid, but was broke and had to choose one
Some got a job at working 9 to 5, struggling to stay alive
Get back home at 6 then leave at 8 to working overnight
Get a car to work to hit a lick and then be down a ride
And pull up on a nigga, shoot him quick and then be down and drive
Whoa, it's a fucked up world (fucked up world)
I can't even go church they tried to fuck my girl (fuck my girl)
I said whoa, it's a fucked up life (fuck!)
I can't make a new friend, they'll try and fuck my wife
So I stay down, 10 toes, all grip (all grip)
Don't shoot guns, but the bodyguard got one on a hip
Real shit, I don't carry cash, just plastic
Niggas rob you then they'll try and stretch yo bank like elastic
Do flips like gymnastics, my raps be the classic
When I drive, don't stop, I can move through the traffic
Try and put me in the casket, bounce back like the basket
When I'm balling on these niggas, I'm LeBron with the passes
Your career be molasses, you ain't moving, you static
Got it started in the basement, now I'm living in the attic
Know it sound tragic, niggas think this is McDonalds's
You can't fuckin' want it how you have it

[Outro]
Where you at!
Back to back!
Keep working!
Don't let these niggas detour you
What ever your dream is, go grab it!
You're already here first
It's Dax!