Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Lil' Cease
Album:  In The Beginning
Song:   Big Ole Butt *

* cover version of the LL Cool J song from "Walking With a Panther"

[Puff Daddy]
Uh-huh, uh, yeah
What you say?  C'mon, yeah
Uh-huh... uh
Now here's a little story, about a girl, with a Big Ole Butt
A-huh, yeah, I like Big Ole Butts, you dig?

I was at the Tunnel, sippin on champagne
Takin a break, with this honey on my brain
Admirin the girls with the diamond earrings
Benjamins blastin, doin my thing
That's when I seen her, her name was Keisha
Ass-wide figure, just had to meet her
I said, "How you doin?  My name is Puff
Don't ask me how I'm livin, cause boo I'm livin plush
But then again, I'm livin kind of sneaky
Cause my girl don't know that I'm out actin freaky"
Hit her with the tch-tch-tch, got the digits
Called her on the StarTap, paid her a visit
I was spankin her and thankin her, screwin her and doin her
Laughin not thinkin bout G's, I just blew in her
Playin like a King, on sheets of satin
Me and Shorty smack in, her crib in Manhattan
She had a big ole booty, like you see in the movies
And on top of all that, I think her sister wanted to do me
But Keisha was exotic, and Cease my witness
She said, "Daddy, when you comin back to hit this?"
When I went home, I kissed my girl on the neck
On my mind was Keisha and how she stayed wet
Sat my girl on the couch, I couldn't hold it in
And said to her, with a devilish grin...

Keisha's got a big ole butt (uh-huh)
You know I told you I'd be true (I told you)
But Keisha's got a big ole butt (that's right)
So I'm leavin you (see-ya! he haha)
Keisha's got a big ole butt (uh-huh)
I know I told you I'd be true (I lied baby)
But Keisha's got a big ole butt (c'mon)
So I'm leavin you (yeah, that's right)

I went past to Rutgers, about three o'clock
I tried to get a cutie, to ride my jock
Me and Ma$e, Suburban blastin
Cold Dom P, smilin, laughin
Freaks all over, the kind I adore
I felt like a kid in a candy store
That's when I seen her, her name was Kim
She had the kind of booty that I'd like to get in
I said to Ma$e, "Stop the jeep"
She's only seventeen, but yo she's a freak
I kicked the bass like an NFL punter
I scooped this beauty, like a big game hunter
I said to the girl, "Boo, you look tired
Let's go to my crib, and bone by the fire"
I put her big booty on the zebraskin rug
She gave my balls a kiss, I gave her breasts a hug
I said to this girl, "I don't love them hoes!
You want to get freaky, let me suck on your toes"
I licked and sucked, she asked me to sing
I grabbed a pack of condoms, I pulled out my thing
When I was through, she wiped the sweat from my chest
When to the kitchen, and fried some chicken breast
Keisha busted in, my house while I was eatin
You know what I said?
Too bad you caught me cheatin, but...

Kim's got a big ole butt (uh-huh)
I know I told you I'd be true (I know I told you)
But Kim's got a big ole butt (uh-huh)
So I'm leavin you (see-ya! he haha)
Kim's got a big ole butt (yeah, yeah)
I know I told you I'd be true (I know what I said, but I lied)
But Kim's got a big ole butt (uh-huh)
So I'm leavin you (that's right)

[Lil' Cease]
Yo, I went to Justin's for some shrimp and steak
Around the time that this waitress was on her break
I pulled into the parkin lot and parked my truck
Niggas playa hate but I ain't give a fuck
I paid it no attention, and walked inside
D-Rock had the nine and he was chillin in the ride
I walked in the place, everybody was lookin
And shrimp and steak wasn't the only thing cookin
I sat down to eat, and ordered my food
I said to the waitress, "I don't mean to be rude
But I'll take you on a platter"
She said, "You got a girl," Ceasar said, "It don't matter
You look like you're tasty as pipin hot pizza
What's your name?" She said, "My tag says Lisa"
I said, "O.K., you're smart and all that
But when you get off work, then goin to snack"
She looked at me and said, "You need to stop!
Cease where you goin?"  "The Marriott"
She looked kind of puzzled, I said, "You'll see"
I pulled out a Benjamin, she looked at me
When she walked out the door, I threw my tongue down her throat
Pushed her back inside and pulled off her coat
I laid her on the table, and placed my order
And pulled out my dick, and bust all on her
On and on to the break of dawn
All over the restaurant, word is bond
Shorty said she comin, I checked my Roley
She suckin on my nuts, and she don't even know me
I grabbed my pants, just left my main hoe
Who did I see, ohh yo... it was Kim
She work at Justin's but I kept on bustin

Lisa got a big ole butt, uhh
You know I told you I'd be true
But Lisa got a big ole butt, uhh
So I'm leavin you, what, uhh
Lisa got a big ole butt
I know I told you I'd be true (I'd be true)
But Lisa got a big ole butt (a big ole butt)
So I'm leavin you
See ya!