[Intro: Puff Daddy (Lil' Cease)]
Yo, can y'all hear me out there? Haha
C'mon, I like this right here
Yeah, c'mon
Rock the girls, Unda, Unda, ha
It's been a long time coming playa (Cease-A-Leo The Great, uhh)
Cease-A-Leo The Great (yo, yo)
And he won't stop, and he won't stop
(Yo, yo, yo, yo)

[Verse 1: Lil' Cease (Puff Daddy)]
I'm like Wilhelmina (yeah)
Fashion statement, know what I meana?
Cease don't love hoes, call me a speeder
Call Brita, I'll fuck or never eat her
If the head is good, I'll never leave her (haha)
Especially, if she look like a diva (that's right)
I heard she got cash and Visa
I heard her dyke friend Lisa
Fanny about twice the size, I can get up in her
[?], dig up my nose, I done pick the winner (ha ha)
Just 'cause you think you suck a dick you deserve dinner? (C'mon)
I got more hoes than a hair and nail center (that's right)
My two fingers, six figures, watch it glitter (watch it glitter)
Cold blind ya nigga (c'mon), one size can fit ya (fit ya)
32 waist, fat ass, get the picture?
I'm a little nigga with big pockets that'll get ya (that's right)
With the baby face, look tender but'll blaze the place (blaze the place)
With my man Blake, raise the stakes
C'mon

[Chorus: Blake C (Puff Daddy)]
Guess who it is, Cease-A-Leo baby
Matured since then, looking for a lady (that's right)
Need one for life, not temporarily (c'mon)
Mistake sex for love, you must be crazy (yeah)
Guess who it is, Cease-A-Leo baby (guess who?)
Matured since then, looking for a lady (that's right)
Need one for life, not temporarily (yeah)
Mistake sex for love, you must be crazy (c'mon)

[Verse 2: Lil' Cease (Puff Daddy)]
All I need is a chick that give B.J.s and get weeded (yeah)
Watching my video, my Lamborghini come the meanest
Thick, five speed and (c'mon)
Shout to the restaurant food, I'm 'bout to eat it
She wanna feed it (woo!)
Hit the bathroom, go home and beat it
The tip I left, waiter said, "Thanks I need it"
Said, "What's your name?"
"Cease-A-Lee.", "I can't believe it
Can't wait to tell my kids, they won't believe this
My kids, love you, number seven is my cut (that's right)
Play it back so much, you thought the CD was stuck (yeah)
Plus I spend my last buck on anything you spit on or touch
Sassy, classy, love it the way you keep it on the hush." (Shhhh)
Just the God in us, put my faith in Him and that's enough
What? What? What? What? Woo! What?
(Cease-A-Leo The Great, long time coming) uhh

[Chorus: Blake C (Puff Daddy)]
Guess who it is, Cease-A-Leo baby (guess who?)
Matured since then, looking for a lady (yeah)
Need one for life, not temporarily (that's right)
Mistake sex for love, you must be crazy (c'mon)
Guess who it is, Cease-A-Leo baby (guess who?)
Matured since then, looking for a lady (yeah)
Need one for life, not temporarily (that's right)
Mistake sex for love, you must be crazy (c'mon)

[Verse 3: Blake C (Puff Daddy)]
Yo, yo, yo, yo
Who said Cease can't make a girl from the hood (who said?)
Shake your head, celeb, I take 'em straight out the hood
Ma, it's all good (it's all good baby), for me, knock on wood (yeah)
That was before, now, if I wanna fuck you I could (let's go)

[Verse 4: Lil Cease (Puff Daddy)]
It started in Bed-stuy, now we fled the state
Y'all can't stand the lead we spray
Fuck a bitch that scream "Leo Dansa, I wanna stay, day by day."
Play by play, you ain't shit, you lay (that's right)
We're the first, second and third lay
Hope she pretty as a mermaid (you so pretty)
If not, keep the bitch in the birdcage
In the worst way, look sad like a hearse day
Satisfy me right you can get the Hondai (yeah, c'mon)
XL, and you can excel up a one way
Easypass work for Monday/Friday
Saturday, Sunday, my day, my way (yeah, c'mon)
Nothing but head, get it compadre? Uhh

[Chorus: Blake C (Puff Daddy)]
Guess who it is, Cease-A-Leo baby (guess who?)
Matured since then, looking for a lady (uh huh)
Need one for life, not temporarily (that's right)
Mistake sex for love, you must be crazy (c'mon)
Guess who it is, Cease-A-Leo baby (guess who?)
Matured since then, looking for a lady (yeah)
Need one for life, not temporarily (that's right)
Mistake sex for love, you must be crazy (c'mon)
Guess who it is, Cease-A-Leo baby (guess who?)
Matured since then, looking for a lady (Cease-A-Leo The Great, long time coming)
Need one for life, not temporarily (B.I.G. forever)
Mistake sex for love, you must be crazy (M.A.F.I.A. World)
Guess who it is, Cease-A-Leo baby
Matured since then, looking for a lady (Lil' Kim, D-Roc)
Need one for life, not temporarily (Money L)
Mistake sex for love, you must be crazy (Trife, Larce)
Guess who it is, Cease-A-Leo baby
Matured since then, looking for a lady (Yellow Man)
Need one for life, not temporarily (P. Diddy, Lil' Cease)
Mistake sex for love, you must be crazy (and we won't stop)