[Lil' Cease]

Instantly we blaze trees, before these hoes swing low on Lil' Cease
The friskiest mc quick the mix D.C. and Pepsi
Have you broad trippin in my Ford Expedition listen
Diamonds and rhyming put me back on top
I pop wine with lime ins and the platinum drop
For players at them drop ya was like looking shorty chocolate roch
I suggest you jump out them clothes too
We can go on and on like Erykah Badu
Or we can get freaky in the Lex 450 while you lick me
I'm doing sixty quickly, females and black tails down they hustle up
Wanna cuddle up, you shy I'm your comforter, I know you love it huh
I make you feel right if it's real tight young ho' aight?


[The Notorious B.I.G.]

I make yo' mouthpiece obese like Della Reese
When I release you lose teeth like Little Cease
Player please blood floods your dungarees
And that's just the half for my warpath
Laugh now, cry later, I rhyme greater
Then the average player hater and spectators
Buy my CD twice they see me in the streets they be like ''yo he nice''
But that's on a low doe be the cats with no dough try to play me at my show
I pull out four fo's and go up in there clothes
Short change, slut came, abortion came quicker
Bought the range nigga. They still tickle me
I used to be as strong as ripple be, till Little Cease crippled me
Now I play hard like my girls nipples be
The game's sour like a pickle be, y'all know the rules
Moved from B.K. to New Jeruz
Thinking about all the plains we flew, females we ran through
Now the year's new I lay my game flat I want my spot back take two
Mad because I blew players envious to many players on my...
Shit strenuous when my men bust you just move with such stamina
Slugs missed ya' I ain't mad at ya' (we ain't mad at ya')
Slugs rushin barbassion(?) concussions
Catch cases come out frontin, smoking something
Sippin white Russians bitch in the Benz bumpin
Laced it with the basic six TV's a system knocking mase
Face it, we hard to hit, guard your shit, before I hit you
With your re-up light the P up, licked shots, woke your seed up
Went in the ashtray sparked the weed up, long-kiss


[The Notorious B.I.G.]

I'm flaming gats, aiming at, these...
Maniacs put my name in rap
So part the game is that like it hustle backwards
I smoke blackwoods and dutchies you can't touch me
Try to rush me, slugs go touchy touchy
You bleeding lovely with your spirit above me
Or beneath me your whole life you live sleepy
Now you rest internally sleepy, you burn when you creep me
Rest where the worms and the weak be
My nine flies baptize rap guys
With the holy ghost I put holes in most you hold your toast shaky
Flip and try to break me, look what you made me do
Brains blew my team in the marine-blue, six coupe
Skied it out weed it out...
*Laughing *


Yo man I can rhyme all night man
Ay ay do your thing!
I wanna curse man!
Ay do your thing man!
It's late man
Go ahead man
Ay just do your thing man, do your thing man


[The Notorious B.I.G.]

Niggas in my faction don't like asking questions
Strictly gun testing, coke measuring
Giving pleasure in the Benz-ito
Hitting fannies, spending chips at Mannies
Hope you creeps got receipts, my peeps get dirty like cleats
Run up in your crib, wrap you up in your Polo sheets
Six up in your wig piece, nigga decease
Mwa, may you rest in peace
With my Sycamore style, more sicker than yours
Four-four, and fifty-four draw
There's my pilot, steers my leer, yes my dear
Shit's official, only, the Feds I fear
Here's a tissue, stop your blood clot crying
The kids the dog, everybody dying -- no lying
So don't you get suspicious
I'm Big Dangerous you're just a little to Vicious
As I leave my competition, respirator style
Climb the ladder to success escalator style
Hold y'all breath, I told y'all -- death
Controls y'all, Big don't fold y'all, uhh
I spit phrases that'll thrill you
You're nobody 'til somebody kills you