[Intro: The Little Figga & JT The Bigga Figga]
JT
'sup?
Hey blood, know what I'm sayin'?  Niggas always in a nigga's business, know what I'm sayin'?
Yeah man
They need to mind their own, so what I need you to do is
OK
I want you to pop some shit, know what I'm sayin'?
OK
And let these niggas know what time it is.  'Cause it ain't cool, you know what I'm sayin'?  You feel me JT?
These niggas in my business

[Verse 1]
The Bigga Figga back on the mic
Poppin' that shit that the young niggas like
Young playas comin' up in the Moe
Down for the 'cause down for the bolo
Gankin', bankin', rankin'
Young playas like me be makin'
Fools like you wanna ride the jock
When a nigga like me just started and start to clock
I gotta get paid I mean real fast
'Cause a nigga doin' bad gotta make cash
So I'm rollin' around in a bucket
With a nine in my lap say fuck it
See a nigga in a '69 Coug'
Gold ones and Vogues damn he's a fool
And he ain't from the S.F.C
Wait a minute, put my gloves on, G
But they can't find a fingerprint
Hand in a glove god damn no evidence
Fuck that shit I gotta get away quick
I gotta find another lick
There's a sucka on the third floor
The nigga leaves his house everyday about four
The Benz is outside candy on the ride
Damn the brother's fly
So me and my homies start creepin'
But a brother on the bike is straight peepin'
Tryin' to watch for the riches
But I know what's going on a sucka straight snitchin'
And you know he's trying to stop it
With a gun and a badge, walkie talkie in his pocket
Now he's trying my patience
Just because he works the Northern Police Station
So gets your cuffs and your badge
'Cause a playa like me gonna kick some ass
Brothers in my business better leave it alone
And the title of the song is "Mind Ya Own"

[The Little Figga]
You know what I'm sayin? That's these Five-O ass niggas
Snitchin' and shit, know what I'm sayin'?
JT pop that shit, about these bitches, know what I'm sayin'?

[Verse 2]
One day me and my homie T.B
Young Seff and the homie Young Dee
Moe headed to the studios to lay some vocals
For the homies in Frisco
Poppin' you know watch the hoes jockin'
Keep the beat rockin' yes I be clockin'
Gs gettin' paid on the under though
A young brother gettin' paid at the studio
Freak by freak ho by ho
A nigga like me is here to let you know so
A playa like me gonna do my thang
But the hoes around the way like to gang-bang
Tell the freak to come to the house
And you live in Fillmoe
And the chick say fuck no
Damn dirty little tramps
Them hoes ain't got it like that
To be fuckin' up a nigga coochie
Trying to fuck with the young J.T
And I hate to mention, you want attention?
Get some longer extensions
Bitches, hoes, sluts
Walking around with no butt
Dirty hoes sharing clothes
And you talkin' about rollin' on Vogues
Birdie little bitch pheasant I'ma call her
Tryin' to get pregnant by a baller
Bitches in the Moe ain't no good
Livin' low tryin' to move in Turkwood
So they can give a party every weekend
Damn bitches be tweakin'
Like me I tried to make a cake
She poured salt that's the whole mistake
And check it out all in my mix
Jockin' fiending for the dick
But a friend is really trying to stop her
Getting big-headed and now she's playing proper
Got a little ass, got a little clothes
No money and the bitch got a big nose
Not cool now bitch who's the fool?
You listen to your friend now you got schooled
You can't lay me and you can't play me
A girl like you ya might bet sprayed see
You're phony plus you don't know me
Thinking you a Roni
Hoes in my business better leave it alone
And the title of the song is "Mind Ya Own", bitch

[Verse 3]
On the average day chilling in the parking lot
Not getting paid selling rocks or the fucking hop
'Cause it's time to rhyme on gotta get a grind on
I think I got a beep, (nigga use my phone)
It's the manager and he wants me to go
To do a little show and he wants me to flow
I said I'm wit it where's the location
It's right by the nation so bring a donation
Filled to the brim talkin' 'bout packed
All these people came to see a brother rap
So let me riggity-rap, riggity-roe
Riggity-riggity-reggae, mayday mayday, bitches payday
So come pay me before I pay you
But gafflin' and gankin' and you won't have a clue
'Cause I'm so good and I'm so raw
And somebody's gettin' paid I'm the one that you saw
"Mind Ya Own"

[Outro: The Little Figga & JT The Bigga Figga]
Yeah, that's what I'm talkin' 'bout JT, so since you my nigga, I'm gonna hook up some tracks for you, check it out
Well pop it then baby.  Aww, you playin' guitar now huh?
Yeah
OK.  Let's go home blood
That sounds good on this