Artist: Jayo Felony f/ Redman, Mack 10, WC
Album: Whatcha Gonna Do 12"
Song: Whatcha Gonna Do Remix

[Jayo]
Def Jam, the remix! Yeah!
Come along!
Uh huh huh huh, uh
Uh huh huh huh, what
Uh huh huh huh, uh

[Hook (Jayo)]
I said, I could give it to ya but whatcha gon do with it?
I could give it to ya but whatcha gon do?
I could give it to ya but whatcha gon do with it?
I could give it to ya but what wha-what what!

[Jayo]
I could give it to ya but whatcha gon do with it?
When I'm in Daygo I'm bumpin my music
With my dog and dogettes we loop loop
Me and lil Trook like book and Luke duke
Now come see me get me Lex coupe
Cuz this song'll be bigger than there it is Whoop Whoop
Whatcha gon do with it baby when I give you some?
Uh uh huh huh huh uh huh, uh
Wha-wha-what what what, hit him in the gut
If you don't know the scoop then keep your mouth shut
Flow what? Flow, cuz I got flow
See me walkin on the moon by 2004
Party with the o.g.'s spaceships and gold D's
If they don't make no songs like these, plow plow!
Cuz it's my style when I flex, go next, flow next

[Hook]

[Jayo] X 2
I'm too sexy for my motherfuckin hood, hood!
I'm too sexy for my motherfuckin lowrida!

[Redman]
Yo, place your order for slaughter
You got balls to walk up, you leave on the walker
You oughta, be hittin more tracks than Nauta
My little friend barks like Roof! that's why I brought her
Brooklyneese, headcheese and charge
When you see me, cock it back, squeeze it hard
Or I scare the shit out ya, bring the bitch out ya
X start your rhyme until you're puttin your house up
Niggas in the hood no doubt could blow the trial
I'm so cool I be shoppin in the frozen aisle
Gimme that mic, you don't got no wheels
Look through the periscope, that locked you in
Started bustin like the white boy in Higher Learning
Stick you up more than hair when you put perm in
Die, be a kleptomaniac in disguise
I even take eyes outta seven thirty fives
Dub, Mack 10 (Wha-what wha-what what?)
I'm bout to tear a chicken head gu-gut gu-gut gut

[Hook]

[Jayo] X 2
I'm too sexy for my motherfuckin hood, hood!
I'm too sexy for my motherfuckin lowrida!

[Mack 10]
Jayo say what what, I say whoop whoop
Bangin through the Wood in the 84 coupe
When it come to gangsta raps, you know Mack got em
Still saggin in khakis with the cuff on the bottom
Hip hop or yayo, you don't roll like 1-0
Twenty chrome on the Benz, Thirteen gold on the Four
]From the way I twist my fingers, you know I'm from
So much ice on my wrist that my hand feels numb
I start flippin of sherm or the green that be stickin
Though I rock the microphone, I can still sell a chicken
Hoo Bangin affiliates from the W-S-C
Mack 10, Young G with the Recipe

[WC]
Hit em again, hit em again
Who's the triple braided beard (...?...)
WC, clatter for chatter clearin the section
Bangin a bandana slangin the Westside Connection
Testin, microphone checkin, check out my melons
Smashin misdemeanors, mashin with Jayo Felony
Steadily, chasin them ends wreckin the mirrors slow
Loc, I'm too sexy for my fuckin Benzo

[Hook]

[Jayo] X 2
I'm too sexy for my motherfuckin hood, hood!
I'm too sexy for my motherfuckin lowrida!