Yea.....Yea...
This dedicated to Oscar Grant
His mother, daughter, and aunt
Say a prayer...Cause their never see there family again...
To the Cops I'm just a nigga they don't see I'm a man..
Tryna provide for my family the best way that I can..
Mehserle somewhere off in the county PC'd up...
If the right nigga catch him I hope his ass get took..
Broke my heart when I heard I just knew we would ride..
But nobody said a word we all kept quiet...
And I....Still ain't forgot about about Sean Bell...
Emmett Till...Rodney King...And all the brothers who fell...
To the hands of another man behind a badge..
CO's ain't no different neither nigga fuck a badge!
You just a worker a house nigga back from the past
A undercover in my eyes you just like a fag...
Rappers rappin bout they prada purses all of that
But I'm in the hood where niggas hurtin where was yall at?
One more time for Obama bruh congratulations
Until this year I didn't know about a Inauguration
We been waiting on a change now its coming
But we all gotta stick together and do something
From the era where food stamps look like money
Down south country slang they say we talk funny
But we out here hungry looking for a victim
Tryna make it where our kids ain't gotta grow up in the system
Don't mind hurtin a nigga that ain't my intentions
Just eliminating whats in the way of me and my missions..
Play my position and leave the rest in God's hands..
You can't stop what I got going this is God's plan.. My homie took some shots I'm hoping he gonna walk again...
My nigga Cooley left before I got to talk to him...
I'm gettin older now..I'm wiser now I'm starting to think..
My ship starting to float away...Yo ship starting to sink
Cut a pussy nigga open bet he bleed pink..
I bet I drag mink across marble floo's condos...
I been with the business since I was Snot nose...
Young nigga from the gutta, dirt, and potholes.....GONE!

Ah huh!
Been a long time knowimsayin
We get it the new mixtape
Another Day Another Dolla
This shit crackin like a mothafucka volume 2
I'm just startin to heat up this is day 2
My second day in the studio
Knowimsayin I don't even know if this gone make the cut
But we workin goddamn
I'm heatin Up
Gone!