[Intro: Busta Rhymes & (The Pussycat Dolls)]
Aye, what the fuck you think a record about Pussycat Dolls featuring Busta Rhymes is gon' sound like?
Okay (ahh)
Yeah (ahh)
Oh, we about to get it just a lil' hot and sweaty in this motherfucker (ooh, baby)
Ladies, let's go (uhh)
Soldiers, let's go (dolls)
Let me talk to y'all and just, you know
Give you a little situation... listen (fellas)

[Verse 1: Busta Rhyme & (The Pussycat Dolls)]
You see this shit get hot
Every time I come through when I step up in the spot (are you ready?)
Make the place sizzle like a summertime cookout
Prowl for the best chick, yes, I'm on the lookout (let's dance)
Slow banging shorty like a belly dancer with it
Smell good, pretty skin, so gangsta with it (ooh, baby)
No tricks, only diamonds under my sleeve
Gimme the number, but make sure you call before you leave

[Verse 2: The Pussycat Dolls & (CeeLo Green)]
I know you like me (I know you like me)
I know you do (I know you do)
That's why whenever I come around, she's all over you
And I know you want it (I know you want it)
It's easy to see (It's easy to see)
And in the back of your mind
I know you should be fuckin' with me

[Hook: The Pussycat Dolls]
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was hot like me?
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was a freak like me?
Don't cha, don't cha?
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was raw like me?
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was fun like me?
Don't cha (ahh), don't cha?

[Verse 3: The Pussycat Dolls & (CeeLo Green)]
Fight the feeling (fight the feeling)
Leave it alone (leave it alone)
'Cause if it ain't love
It just ain't enough to leave a happy home (uh-uh, uh-uh)
Let's keep it friendly (let's keep it friendly)
You have to play fair (you have to play fair, yeahh)
See, I don't care
But I know, she ain't gon' wanna share (ah)

[Hook: The Pussycat Dolls & Busta Rhymes]
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was hot like me? (oh)
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was a freak like me? (like me)
Don't cha, don't cha, baby
Don't cha, alright, sing
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was raw like me? (raw)
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was fun like me? (big thug)
Don't cha, ahhh, don't cha
OK, I see how it's goin' down
Seem like shorty wanna little ménage pop off or sumthin', let's go

[Verse 4: Busta Rhymes]
Well, let me get straight to it
E'ry broad wanna watch a when I come through it
It's the God almighty, lookin' all brand new
If shorty wanna jump in my Aston Vanquish
Lookin' at me all like she really wanna do it
Tryna put it on me 'til my black and blueish
You wanna play with a player, girl, then play on
Strip out the Chanel and leave the lingerie on
Watch me and I'mma watch you at the same time
Lookin' at you wanna break my back
You're the very reason why I keep a pack of the Magnum
And with the wagon, hit you in the back of the Magnum
For the record, don't think it was something you did
Shorty all on me 'cause it's hard to resist the kid
I got a idea that's dope for y'all
As y'all could get kush so I could hit the both of y'all

[Verse 5: The Pussycat Dolls & (CeeLo Green)]
See, I know she loves you (I know she loves ya)
I understand (I understand)
I'd probably be just as crazy about you if you were my own man
Maybe next lifetime (maybe next lifetime)
Possibly (possibly)
Until then, old friend, your secret is safe with me

[Hook: The Pussycat Dolls]
(Hot)
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was hot like me? (oh)
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was a freak like me? (like me)
Don't cha
Don't cha, baby
Don't cha
Alright, sing
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was raw like me? (raw)
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was fun like me? (big thug)
Don't cha (ahh)
Don't cha
(Ahh)
(Hot)
(Ahh)
(Hot)