I'm a do this one here for my momma

[Verse 1: Boosie]
When I was young me and my mama rolled deep
Watchin daddy lose his mind to these muthafuckin streets
Running in rooms, scared to go home, living in dooms
Saying prayers looking at the moon
And you've always been a black queen momma
Cause ye'en never been no crackfiend momma
Look, and when my daddy fuckin life was over
I watched him cry for two hours on your mommas shoulder
This for them soldiers who was raised by they momma
Cause daddy was gone, she had it down for thanksgivin
Made her kids be strong, expelled from school
Not scared to go home shit 'cause my momma's fuckin cool
But when I started sellin dope she used to search for me
Ridin cryin, thinkin somebody they gon murder me
She put me out her house, cuz I was hurtin her heart
She askin God "Why are you doin this to my babyboy".?
She teachin kids, and she tryna teach a babygangsta
She cookin meals everynight, for dat I thank her
She used to send me to my relatives, cause it got to a point
Where momma she couldn't tell me shit, and I was missin my dad so bad
That I ain't listen to my momma, and that was all I had
Now I bless her everynight, cause I'm grown
Our love super strong, and she gotta hol' on

[Chorus: Boosie]
She sweet as sweet Sady
Momma!
Dats my baby
Momma! Momma!
U remember how daddy used to act
Act so crazy...
And I thank you for the Blessings you did

[Verse 2: Boosie]
I used to always tell you momma, keep ya head up
Tears dropping from your eyes, I kno u fed up
Fresh outta work, to the kitchen tryna fix a plate
Before work she in the mirror, tryna fix her face
Noone could ever take her place cause u my one and only
You my nigga, and forreal you my closest homie
She used to iron my clothes, everytime I go to school
Wiping the cold out my eyes, that's my baby boo
She gotta heart made outta gold, like she God angel
She go to church every Sunday, and say "God Thank Ya"
And when my daddy used to hit me, she would holla "stop"
Got to the point, where she would threaten to even call the cops
She used to be like "why are you hittin him and you smokin rocks"?
I used to be like ooh I wish I had a 40 Glock
But daddy wasn't always mean forreal
When he was sober he a soldier on da battle field
And my brother stayed quiet he ain't talk at all
Me n Taquari tryna lock my daddy out da house
Do u remember playin bingo when times was hard
Yeah I remember fightin nyja and teasin shard
Remember momma put me on a plane at 9 or 10
She try to get me out dis hell dat I was livin in
Remember momma on her knees cause her baby wildin
Now when she see dat rose gold, my baby smilin

[Chorus: Boosie]
She sweet as sweet Sady
Momma!
Dats my baby...
Momma! Momma!
U remember how daddy used to act
Act so crazy
And I thank you for the Blessings you did. [x2]


I did that for my momma cause she sweet as sweet Sady
(I love u Momma)


Missin a lesson plan
It's time to go stay n da room cause daddy comin with dat mess again

Momma I did that for u.and yo momma
And her momma.and momma Jessy my great great grandmom 'n' my momma

She sweet as sweet Sady