Can't even ride thru da hood n peace...
So f.u.c.k. all da police...
Fuck da judge... fuck da jump out n da district attorney
Check my bank account n bitch c wat I'm earning...
It's a dirty dirty world n it keep on turning...
Niggas keep gettin shot but dey still ain't learning...
Wrap your dick up cause dey dick of have da hick ups...
Women play games so I advise u get a prenup...
Jena 6 dee-dee... u c dis world wicked...
Dey killin at da skools from college to elementary,...
Sum ppl don't do shit for dey child-dirty world
Sum jobs don't give u shit wen u retire-dirty world
Ppl get dey money n give it to otha countries...
But ppl n dey same hood livin' like junkies...
So I b like: dear mr.president... y u wanna take my life... send me cross seas to fite n make me lose sleep at night
[Hook:]
It's a dirty dirty world dat we live n
Um um um um um um um
It's a dirty dirty world dat we live n [x3]

[Verse 2:]
Can't even trust ya own family at times...
Nigga will make your whole family cry...
It's either rappers shooting or ballers hustlin
Dats da only way u make it n dis motherfucking hood
Mo money... mo murder, it's real n it's a fact a lack
So watch your boys watch ya cars n watch da dice
Ya only live like once... gotta do it big like aunt pam tell boosie" torrence do yo shit n I can't leave home w/o my gun
Kinda paranoid
Nigga mite john leenen me cause I'm a supastar...
So keep your soldiers on your click...
Luk at micheal vick
All dat shit behind em pits...
Dis fuckin world make me sick...
Wen dey kill deers n put dem on da wall... n dey kitchen... (glorify em)
We fite dogs... ya'll fite chickens... wats da fuckin difference...
Judge got a fucking grudge... he saw my gold teeth so he labeled me as a thug
Fuck it...

[Hook:]
It's a dirty dirty world dat we live n
Um um um um um um um
It's a dirty dirty world dat we live n [x3]

[Verse 3:]
Now dis 3rd verse, 4 my niggas n da pen who cudnt survive n dis dirty world
Go bk again... repeating offender... judge finna eat em 4 dinner...
Last name been n da courthouse since he can rememba...
Uncle sam got a nigga life like whoah
My next meal goin on da motherfuckin floor
Seen niggas turn state...
Seen niggas turn fake... The rap game fuck us...
Everybody burn tapes...

[Hook:]
It's a dirty dirty world dat we live n
Um um um um um um um
It's a dirty dirty world dat we live n [x3]