Now I promise you 2 c** home at nite Yea rite
I promise you 2 always treat you rite yea rite
I promise 2 be down 4 you n never cheat but when I'm wit a dime piece
I can see dem tears flying down yo cheek
Y you thug me like dat cuz I'm thug'd
I startin pullin away 4rm girls when we start falling in love
Was go take you on a cruise but I change my mind
I always promise you the movies but I have no time
I'm wit my niggas half the day n she ain't feeling dat
Y she at home cooking n cleaning I'm getting stacks
She love a nigga but I be damn if she trust a nigga
But the s** still a 10 when we fucking nigga. N she like:
Y you thug me like dat? I swear 2 god I don't mean 2
Sometimes I feel like I don't need you. [Repeat 4X]

Now I promise not leave ya pussy wet yea rite
I promise you 2 show you sum respect yea rite
I guess I live the life of a super star driving all dez fancy cars
N real talk man I can have any broad. Plus I hate 2 see you crying, I hate 2 tell you lies, that's y deep inside she be like y you thug me like dat. It's just in me, been doing girls wrong since I stepped off in Mckinley. Hate 2 put my hands on ya cuz I feel bad. I wear a rubber when I'm fucking but you don't feel dat. They got a lot of women wrong, got a lot of women strong. But when you got a super star you gotta hold on. Super star go try 2 fuck all dez hoes yea rite, but when they zip down them bauds everything alright. My nigga bleek he like: go home 2 yo ol' lady, she catch yo ass slipping she go bust dat 380
Y you thug me like dat?
I swear 2 god I don't mean 2, sometimes I feel like I don't need you. [Repeat 4X]

Look this how I play it
If I ever fuck with ya
Ima fuck another girl see if you go fuck another nigga
Y you thugging like dat
Cuz I'm boosie badass
If she don't suck it I act mad
I can't do nothing but laugh
I made the girls cook 4 me n don't even c** by
Hope this dirty shit don't c** back on Tarlasia n Ivy
I make the girls pussy wet when I look in they eyes
So boosie never surprised when he get in them thighs
I got my heart broke at 14, that was way way back
So all the girls after that, it was straight pay back
I like 2 lay back n take trips n dress you up
But when you start mouthing off you messing up
So shut it up. Would you forgive a real nigga answer that?
Would you still be with him answer that
If he had another baby put you in a situation
Would you forgive him or leave him n hate him
Y you thug me like dat? I swear 2 god I don't mean 2
Sometimes I feel like I don't need you. [Repeat 4X]