[Intro]
Savage Holidays
Boosie Badazz
Said I'ma just keep gettin' money (Keep gettin' money)
Keep raisin' my boys, keep raisin' my girl, what you gon' do, nigga?
Like damn it
California MD
Look

[Verse 1]
Is you gon' stop boostin'? (Damn)
Is you gon' stop robbin' and shootin'?
Stealin' shit and lootin'? (Tell me)
What's your New Year's resolution?
Is you gon' stop bangin' (Stop bangin')
Or you gon' turn up a lil' bit more?
And keep your flag hangin'? (Tell me)
What is you sayin'?
Is you gon' slow down buyin' all that 'Sace? ('Sace)
Fendi and Gucci? (Gucci), I'm talkin' Boosie (Yeah)
And other rappers who exclusive
Is you gon' switch your bitch up? For real (Yeah)
'Cause it seem like for these last years, y'all been on the same shit
Arguin' 'bout the same bitch
You gon' let them niggas go who cancers to your clique?
Is you gon' ask them niggas questions and expect them answers from your clique?
Is you gon' slow down your habit? (Yeah)
Like you said on that 'Gram? (On the 'Gram)
You say no more syrup
We gon' see when you get work

[Chorus]
What's your New Year's resolution?
Run it up, run it up, run it up, run it up, run it up, run it up
What's your New Year's resolution?
Keep on grindin' like I'm in the hood, stuck
Since everybody say they switchin' it up
What's your New Year's resolution, nigga?

[Interlude]
I'ma run it up, nigga
I ain't gon' say I'ma change everything 'cause
If it ain't broke, don't fix it
That's what my uncle used to tell me, you know what I'm sayin'
Some shit gotta change

[Verse 2]
Like back answer say, don't call me for shit, ho (Fuck you, ho)
You can suck my dick, ho (Yeah)
You ain't even much lit, ho (Lit, ho)
No more fuckin' with these IG hoes who tryna be a rich ho (Straight up)
Say she ain't fuckin' niggas no more, ho, bitch, you lyin'
You gon' get tired of that ho always eatin' your pussy, bein' 'round you all the time
He goin' out to eat, he goin' out to eat
He said no more heroin up in his body
He went to the preach, he went to the preach
He rolled down the window, threw out his chopper
And he threw out his needle
He said it's New Year's (New Year's)
It's another day ('Nother day)
He finna get money, do it the other way
Say he goin' back and get his girl today

[Chorus]
What's your New Year's resolution?
Run it up, run it up, run it up, run it up, run it up, run it up
What's your New Year's resolution?
Keep on grindin' like I'm in the hood, stuck
Since everybody say they switchin' it up
What's your New Year's resolution, nigga?