Uh
Uh uh
It don't stop, pop it on me girl shit
Drop it on me girl
Look what what look

You see me G'd up, so won't you come and bounce on these nuts?
Plus I gotta extra hundred fifty if you wanna fuck
That eye contact got me thinkin' bout yo panties and shit
I slide them back and us two juvies gon' get managed and shit
And I can tell ever since I saw you last week
Girl if you want it, all you gotta do is ask me
Boy you know I'm livin' large, kevin betta tell 'em
We go anywhere you want cause lil boosie got that chedder
You might be with that jack shit so I keep my chrome
Makin me wait too long like you don't know I'm on shit
But it ain't gonna work like that
Why you twerk like that
Bouncin' on it, won't you gon' make it hurt like that
All that teasin' me lil mama, you don't have to do
And I could have your girl easily, but I'd rather you
So stop that poppin' cause you makin my nerves bad
And bring ya girl, I'll bring my partners
We gon' serve that
Ya heard that?

Chorus:
Now pop it on me girl
Drop it on me girl
If you ain't bout flippin' nuttin', then stop it girl
You need a thug in ya life cause a square ain't shit
And if ya girls just alike, let us have your click
[X2 but switch pop and drop]

Max

Uh if it's on it's on, lets get it crackin
We drankin da bar, ma thug got them hoes actin
I tell ya the truth
And tell ya sista we been scopin her too
Cuz she think we can't turn her out, but baby that's what we do
I know a lot of young niggas out chea trickin their worm
Buyin' reason at the beauty shop payin' for perms
But Minelli ain't da one, and these ho's gonna learn
She tried to slide me her number but I wasn't concerned
Ma nigga boosie got em poppin in the VIP
[Boosie: SHE WANNA HOLLA AT CHA MAN! ]
I need to see a I.D
She straight
She got excited when I let her hit the chronic
And I put her on the large ocean water at the sonic
Now she tootin' it up
WHAT?
She makin' it clown
Can a nigga get some to go?
It's goin' down like that
I got lil mama shakin somethin to the slap
Bandanas round' her waste while I hit it from the back

Now pop it on me girl
Drop it on me girl
If you ain't bout flippin' nuttin', then stop it girl
You need a thug in ya life cause a square ain't shit
And if ya girls just alike, let us have your click
[X2]

Boosie:
Say max, I need to know if she's ready
She poppin' like she 'bout it if she 'bout it, it'll tell it
Kirby I told you man she was lookin at me strange
Say she been knew me cause I been beefin' with her man
Look
If you ain't a 8 9 or 10 u can't be on my squad
I ain't sayin I'm all that, but my paper too large
I told you
You need a thug cause a square can't run it right
Might be your last time you see me so you best come tonight
If you don't, your friend will
From 10 til
Me and my click gon' toss her over like a windmill
And max minelli got the room I'm too young to buy
All that peepin through the blinds
Won't you come inside
Folk down for life, go clown for life
If you jump up in my ride it's goin' down tonight
And for you niggas man I see you boys hatin' on me
And Boosie out this bitch with ya ol' lady on me

Now pop it on me girl
Drop it on me girl
If you ain't bout flippin' nuttin', then stop it girl
You need a thug in ya life cause a square ain't shit
And if ya girls just alike, let us have your click
[X2 but switch pop and drop]

Now drop it on me girl
Pop it on me girl
If you ain't about flippin' nothin', then stop it girl
What?
My nigga max and this bitch with me layin' it down, got lil' kevin
Ya heard me?
Cody
All wall niggas ya heard me?
Layin it down [deCkY boi! ]
Big pimpin ya heard me?
Drop it on me bitch
Wha... wha