Boosie Badazz nigga (Badazz) (Hood Nigga), this is what made me... this is what made me, Tell ya like this

In this life of sin i learned alot about friends, how to write girls letters make em fall in a second by readin my cousin letters from the pen ( whats happenin Donkey?) My mama taught me Win so everything i played mane i thought that i could win. Shootin dice, thuggin, Got it from my big cousin Bronz, Hustlin got my mug from Ed lova. So many douobted me even my own brother feel a pain when he hit my mother but im too small so i cry and i run and hug em when daddy died ,when he left i became when he a hustler i learned about the streets can't make everybody happy and i ain't learn that shit till i became a daddy (baby mama) my heart broke by the coldest hoes ah broken home can't get along wit nobody at times mane

This is what made me , Being told i couldn't when i knew i could in the hood this is what made me (this is what made me) The Good times , the bad times in Baton Rouge , this is what made me , Being told i couldn't when i knew i could in the hood this is what made me (you ain't gon be shit) (this is what made me) The Good times , the bad times in Baton Rouge , this is what made me

Look , Fightin in the jets, a little man complexs i want my respect. God know i been thru so much fuckin shit today mane thats why i got so much to say no limit to cash money had me really cope (ima hot boy) chasin them cute girl back in middle school. My mama used to always read to me so i was smart but bad so smart i never failed my class. i got my temper from my dad, got my smile from my auntie phyllis, learned how to shoot the ball from my cousin deon he used to work tellin . when i was sick my mama and grandma Margie used to nurse me, Birdie Trina used to make me cry, uncle never stayed sober so i served him when i got older. All my ghetto heros are either dead or in the pen , seen my first nigga dead at 10. (whole street)

This is what made me , Being told i couldn't when i knew i could in the hood this is what made me (this is what made me) The Good times , the bad times in Baton Rouge , this is what made me , Being told i couldn't when i knew i could in the hood this is what made me (this is what made me) The Good times , the bad times in Baton Rouge , this is what made me

Fussin and fightin TQ , hatin on my own brother tyrna do what he do runnin with G's mane when times got crutical (gettin teased) my dude told me skate and rooster i remember , nigga put it in my hand as a kid shout out to Big and every nigga who kept me with it takin losses being around bosses tyrna figure how the pen point valchers , my struggle with diabetes , my struggle with wynita . the day paneill died when i said fuck the people my mama and family forgive me the only reason im livin when bullets flied they prayers help me survive ( straight up) . Had kids, became a man now im thankin them ( i heard this). Respect dont come off love it come on spankin niggas. Being talked about and critize made me shine and hurt you bitches eyes

This is what made me , Being told i couldn't when i knew i could in the hood this is what made me (this is what made me) The Good times , the bad times in Baton Rouge , this is what made me , Being told i couldn't when i knew i could in the hood this is what made me (you ain't gon be shit) (this is what made me) The Good times , the bad times in Baton Rouge , this is what made me