Boosie badazz..
Come from that mud life niggah, so.. you know
Whole family be thuggin', so..
I live my life like.. like a thrilla

I live my life like a thrilla
Thug in my blood, little niggah with no love
Live my live like a thrilla
Thug in my blood, niggah with no love, and i get it out the mud
Live my life like a thrilla

All I give is pain, got the heart of a killa
I dont be playin games, even stuck in chains, I remain..
Bulletproof, pussy proof, words can't explain bitch wat I could do to you..
I'm a certified niggah, southside thrilla
Whole family, thug niggahs, drug dealers, cold killas
Better pay what you owe niggah, it can get serious.. Load Up
Ratttt, ratttttt
Realer shit
Not speakin just to rap, I'm speakin from experience
Only thing my uncles ever taught me, was to whip a brick
The thug side feelin this, them few choice niggas
RIP Lil Bleek lil big heart nigga
Showin' love from mafia type, to ridah type
Me and you, you and me, real shit
Survivin like...
Clutch it, we might die tonight
Fuck it, its watever
God and my pistol
Guess with me I live my life a little thrilla

Since my younger days, I got payed for moves made, on the goon life
My daddy was a thrilla, and his brother certified
They told me, up it, bust, and clutch it everytime I ride
My La Familia we go live, you won’t find nothing realer
Ask my niggah city, he gon' tell ya I'ma thrilla
Got no love for these bitches, promise you it’s M-O-B
Theres two things a hoe can tell me.. No-thing
I’m from the mud, where that Caine and Able shit really exist
These niggas stunt hard, but in they heart they a bitch
Chop sticks, drop shit, close range, broad day, that thug shit them rappers talk, I’m bout all day
MJ, Ray Ray, and Tootie Daddy Boosie, so they thug
They listen but in pictures, they throw 4’s and they blood
An while I was in the pen, bitch niggahs built a case
I shitted in a bucket, and threw it in his fuckin face

Reppin for designers, I show big meech luv
I got big street luv and it can't be duplicated
Thug here, boosie fade. Yeah I made it
In my section, they be reppin
They gon' tell ya I'm the greatest
We got cal-i-o babies, we calico crazy
I don't show no luv to these niggahs, cause they shady
Been on my Soulja Slim shit, bitch the streets made me
Get money, eat later
Ribs showing, fuck that
They be like mother fuck they body, long as they pockets fat
In the mud, they wear masks testifying on they man
They actions be like crack, hard to understand
Do the murder man dance, where I'm from by the river
But ain’t no nigga trying me over there, cause I’m a thrilla
Niggahs play with me, and them fools was like my cousins
Was gon' let 'em ride, but my auntie told me, bust 'em