[Intro: Boosie Badazz]
Say thug, I know that you gotta do what you gotta do, but uh
What you doing, it ain't gonna last bro
No matter how big it get, it ain't gonna last
It'll turn out bad bro, so I advice you
Wake up

[Atlanta Radio interview segment: Pimp C]
These kids out here listening to us and looking up to all us
'cause a lot of them don't have no father speak in their house and hear them records you get on, you lying about the dope, talking about squares. [?], mane, 'cause if you gon' talk about the squares and talk about the drug game, you need to talk about the bad side of the drug game too. What about when you get busted and you go to jail? What about when your momma and your wife and your kids is crying 'cause, 'cause they get harmed when you in a prison in a cell. Everybody talking 'bout how many cars and how many jewels they gon' buy, and when they having squares coming out. You know what I'm talkin' about? But [?] to talk about the other side of it. So if you gon' talk about that, you have to talk about both sides. 'Cause way we start is the way we gon' finish

[Verse 1: Boosie Badazz]
You might be making fetty, flexin', now just selling coke
But all that flexin' gone get messy when you go to court (for dope)
Your friends gone tear, them same friends they gone fuck your hoe
Her brother, boyfriend you fronted, he gone get your dope
The feds in town you witness, plenty niggas snitching
Should have stayed in school, fool, but you won't be a menace
60 years your sentence, in Feds you do like 50
Plus in your mister ballin', them haters with your niggas
You distributed well, hung with all the stars
Now they done took your crib, repo'ed all your cars
Sentenced all your boys, locked your momma up
Now you gon' turn rat, or leave your momma stuck
[?], wake up

[Hook: Boosie Badazz]
Wake up (12x) (Young nigga wake up)
Wake up (9x) (Wake up bitch, smell the coke)
Wake up (9x) (Dope dealer wake up)
Wake up (9x) (Wake up bitch, smell the coke)

[Verse 2: Boosie Badazz]
Pop the niggas, stop the niggas, got a reputation
His brother came back 7 years later, for his dedication
Now that's three sons who got no father and got a crazy momma
Prescription pills became the lover of his baby momma
Niggas talking square, just to make songs about them
You gon' get busted, you think you are not? Then you're wrong about it (real shit)
Wake up in that cell, without a piece of metal
This shit is sloppy, we eating for real, ain't no piece of that
These niggas talking all night, it ain't no sleeping in
Your mind ain't strong, your ass is gone, they got some freaks in there
I did time with a real nigga in a chain gang
His bloods ain't send him nothing, now he's no longer on a gang bang

[Hook: Boosie Badazz]
Wake up (12x) (Young nigga wake up)
Wake up (9x) (Wake up bitch, smell the coke)
Wake up (9x) (Dope dealer wake up)
Wake up (9x) (Wake up bitch, smell the coke)

[Verse 3: Boosie Badazz]
He likes them young and dumb, sexy, pretty and full of 'con
Bitch scream rape, you know why? She wants to be number one
Now left feeling older, for freedom he tweaking out
No more cut talk on them things, no more easy tongue
You can feed your round, but really you don't need your round
In the end, that's one more mouth that can bring you down, that's sinking Titanic
You think that bitch gon' wait on you, you go to prison?
Same nigga she say she loves, she will forget 'em
I'mma live and witness
Posting you on her page, she wants your followers
For the million followers, she'll swallow you, this is real shit
Your fall partner turned pussy, and be a real bitch
Point you out and call like you're the enemy

[Hook: Boosie Badazz]
Wake up (12x) (Young nigga wake up)
Wake up (9x) (Wake up bitch, smell the coke)
Wake up (9x) (Dope dealer wake up)
Wake up (9x) (Wake up bitch, smell the coke)