[Verse 1]
I'm the cream of the crop, ask somebody
I'm the crack in the pot
I'm the THC on the marijuana (I'm the purp)
I'm the thug in every nigga on the corner from night to morning
I'm that feelin' when there's something wrong
I'm the music have you feeling you gone live long
I'm Lil Boosie, but the "lil" for my height man
I'm 5'5 supa fly in that white thing, tryna gas me up
We hit the club bout to cut up
You could fuck my bitch, let me fuck your bitch, that's what's up
Purple cup purple fitted (im clean) yeah
Pussy niggas wanna do me like they did my nigga C
Me and T we some beast on the road ain't been home in
6 weeks satin sheets 6 freaks in my presidential suite
Hit a hundred push ups smokin tht presidential
Bitch who do you love?

[Hook]
5'5 supa fly
Bitch, who do you love?
VVS's in my necklace
Bitch, who do you love?
Real sexy dark complexion
Bitch, who do you love?
Man, them hoes love me

[Verse 2]
Man im sick with it (sick with it)
Whole click coogi down with some thick woman
You got one maybe two i got 6 hemis
Sweat poppin off my fade i got that shit in me
Me and my girl rollin!!
Fresh out the shower laced with baby powder
Get my hair cut this bitch might take a hour
Hug a woman tight never shake a woman hand
Treat a woman right and dawg her when she start playin
Southside nino ballin at the casino
Ask the belle of baton rouge who the truth in baton rouge (Boosie!!)
Polo down from my sock to my hat
Polo jacket all leather thts a stack
I ain't black im chocolate retunto retarded
Dope dealers push 4 wheelers out my garages
All eyes in me when i step off in yo party
I ain't steppin in the party if i can't bring my 40
Bitch, who do you love?

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Boosie, can I give you head? What! Is your mouth clean?
Yo pussy might be clean if yo fuckin house clean (fahreal)
Hoes stalk me (wahn!!!)
Any bitch i fuck one time i culd fuck again plus they mouth me
Rap critics doubt me if you dnt know now you know about the flow
Bitch who do you love?
Bitch who do you love?
Bitch who do you love?
Bitch who do you love?
Man them hoes love me myself and I