[Conversation between Bow Wow and (unknown female)]
"Oh is that right?"
("Yeah")
"Where you at? New York?"
("Yes")
"Hmmm... alright"
("Good I'm gonna stop to see you
Just let me know if you come out here within the next week or so")
"Aight then, done deal done deal
I'mma hit you, I'mma let you know"
("Bye")
"Fosho"

[Intro: Bow Wow]
I'm sayin, I finally found the right girl for me
I'm sayin you, you my nigga dog
So you ain't gotta worry bout lil' mama comin between we dude
We still homies at the end of the day
Believe that

[Hook: Omarion]
No no no, I don't wanna know it
She got him where she want him, and he's too lost to know it (know it)
It's too late to tell him
He's caught in that position where he won't listen even if I yell it
Just tryna help before he let that
River push off him into something deep
I wish he would think (uh huh)
I wish he would think (uh huh), or listen to me, cause

[Bow Wow]
I got a +Love Jones+ but I'm not Larenz Tate
How would it sound if I asked you "Wanna date?" (How would that sound mama?)
I know a place me and you, girl, can get away
My niggas tryna talk to me forget what they say
She'll ride for a nigga, she a down ass chick, run them other chicks to the exit quick
Let them niggas hate; they gon hate but them niggas can't tell me shit
Let her meet my mama, she don't be with all the drama
Spend bread on my broad (cash), cause she know it ain't a problem
I splurge on my lady, hit the mall with my lady
I love my lady, I know she would never play me
She be moaning, groaning making them sounds, every time a nigga lay that pipe down
Give it to her how she want, when she want it, that grown man, I'm a... yep that's my style
I finally found the right girl, think I might wife her
My nigga don't like her, but girl I'm the type of
Dude that would do anything for his lady
Can I trust you? (yea), that's my lady

[Hook]

[Omarion]
Now what am I gonna do, what am I gonna say?
Been in this postion before
Put my man up on game, said I was tryna hate
Now he ain't my nigga no more
I don't want the same thing to go down
Between me and bow, we gettin this money mayne
There's gotta be a way to do this
Cause my nigga's walkin round clueless
Do I? Come right out and talk about it
Or do I just beat around the bush about it
Or should I? Let Lil' Ronnie tell him for me
No I feel obligated, That's my homie
What would you do if you was me mayne?
Tell him the truth or let it be mayne?
I'm stuck 'tween a rock and a hard place
But I gotta stop my boy from gettin played

[Hook]

[Omarion] + (Bow Wow)
Now Bow, I'm a tell you from experience (man what's happening?)
On the real, you needa go on and give it up (yea, whateva)
You been lovin her, trustin her, kickin up (yea, yea)
But she's been playin ya, replacing ya, facin' ya ohh (man look, ay look)
(She a real ass chick, a down ass chick)
(She got money, she ain't tryna get rich quick)
(She ain't stuntin other niggas; man it's all about me)
(When I ask her who's it is, she replies "Bow Weezy")
She got a nigga and a baby, Cranberry Mercedes
Listen to your dog, man yo girl is being shady
Got that from a very reliable source (O, who said that shit?)
Very reliable source (man look)
(Ay, just be happy for your man; O, damn why you hatin?)
(Why don't you go get you one? What you mad cause we datin?)
Dog, it ain't like that, Bow, you know I got your back
I don't wanna see you get played by no hoodrat
(Dog, she ain't no hoodrat, watch how you talk about her)
(When it come to lil' mama, man I get down for her)
I know I shouldn't have told yo ass
You coming at me like that

[Hook]