Wizzles back, wizzles back. Somebody tell em' bow wizzles back
And I'm the new era, and I talkin' fan caps
Beamer benz or bently, no I'm in that Lamborghini
And they saying I'm the best out, they right, evidently
I'm another youngin' in my weight, class fucking with me
Try to sell some records first, before you try and go and diss me
This is Cash Money baby, LB Dub baby
Call me Mr. Drive, all the fucking lady's crazy
And I'm king with the driver, yep I'm quite lazy
And I might just buy a ball team like Jay-Z
I ain't throwing up the diamond, and I don't rep the rock
Big bezel homie yellow diamonds on my watch
I see you fucking with these bro colds, and got a boss chick
CEO shawty own her own kicks (oooooo!)
Know you haters mad at that, I run my team quarter back
This automarsh I shine so bright it'l give yo ass a heart attack
Its about to get ugly, Sam Cassel off in this ho
Balling like Mugzy, OG Kush is what I smoke
Im finna go ape shit, no monkey business
Can't ever stop balling, when your money's endless
Well holla at ya boy then, whenever you see me out
Make it rain on all the strippers, then we hit the waffle house
Shout out to the ATL, 305 I see you too
But I'm from that Buckeyes state, home of that OSU
10 years in this shit and I ain't gone give up
Somebody tell the toilet tell the boys to get they shit up
Its the B to the O Dub, you don't like me then so what
My haters its so hot, I meant immature, my meants you grow up
And my flow is sick, here go a bucket go head throw up
And I got more girls than spell man college get ya hoes up!
Roger that! yeah go head roger that!
My hands on yo girls waist like a fanny pack
Shout out to my DJ, (ill will) ok
Spit nothing but that heat up in this microphone, D Wade
Low cut ceaser, nigga get eeca. comfy at the top, why you think I got my feet up?
Juel turn the beat up, I'm about to go psycho
And I ain't the one to play with, you better get Tyko
Oooo, I'm on when I'm about to go hammy
Who you know at 13 was with Madonna at the grammy?
Boy I do it so big, I do it so major
I wish that I was broke cuz people ask for too many favors!
Im in Florida with the gators, I live in King of Diamonds
Take the lid out the gamble, down in the bahamas
Still beat dog status, tell me what ya know about it
This is my business, tell them bloggers, get they nose up out it