Yo! (uh uh uh uh uh uh uh) yo yo! (uh uh uh uh uh uh) It's crazy you hear
That
That's my man Bow Wow
You know it's off the hook when we up in here
So So Def
Let's go

Bow Wow:
Microphone check 1 2
Ain't nobody comin like I'm comin
When I Come through
So get ready, I'm the I'm the real deal
And you can see what I'm sayin
Even if you standin 2 blocks away
I'm from the c/o and I won't stop
I'm only 14 makin more than ya popz
I'm sayin you-already-know what I'm bout
If you dont take ova cuz the dog is out
You can even clean the scene to keep your frown
Betta yet find somethin else to do till I die down
And that ain't happenin bo time soon (Why)
Cuz I keep hittin ya with the boom
It goes back to back
We the empire
Get out the way or get burned by the Fire !
My friends ain't juss stayin the racks
So run and tell ya friends the phenomenon's bak

Chorus:
Up in here! I know you want me want me baby girl here I am come get me
Up In here! off the chains and you know that I brought Ohio wit me
I'm Up In Here! now get loud jump off in the crowd let me see what your all
About (We crazy)
Up In Here! Now this my world and all I wanna do is see you let the dogs out

Tigah:
You thinkin this a game ,well you gotta be a little more realistic
And state yo claim when I say we off the chain
I'm talkin tigahs and dogs not puppy dogs
Kickin runnin the stands from Ohio to Lauderdale we keep em' crackalackin
I bus a corner on 22 and the jails and ain't nothin you can tell em'
Cuz we the future and the stakes is high you gotta sell em'
Man I'm to legit to quit
And I won't be nothin to lick wit get it lick wit(owwwww!)
I'm tlakin divadends mercedes and benz
Trips to Saweto
Cuties in Switzerland and I still grip lows
You know that lil black boy
When I come around it's like a fashion show wit Lil-Bow-Wow
(yeah yeah) of course you know who I be
T-i-g-ah and I make em say Ahhhhhh!

When I'm Up In here! I know you want me want me baby girl here I am come get
Me
Up In here! off the chains and you know that I brought Ohio wit me
I'm Up In Here! now get loud jump off in the crowd let me see what your all
About (let me see)
Up In Here! Now this my world and all I wanna do is see you let the dogs out
(ROOF!!)

Bow Wow:
I'm doin to much (uh huh)
They call me young Walter Payton cuz I come through the line untouched
Sayin no matter what
I don't be on pop
If the dog lay on it it's goin to the top
Gtta change the game
I got all the girls even Lil' Kim screamin my name
You can fight it fight it
And try not to like it
But you kids will go crazy if they don't see me
I'm So So Def to the end
Around here we hittin do it ova again
How many of ya'll can say that
How many of ya'll at 14 were sittin back watchin paper stacks
It's a known fact that all the greats got started at this same age
I ain't tryin to say that I'm the greates yet
But I will say I'm goin down that page

Chorus:
Cuz I'm up in here! I know you want me want me baby girl here I am come get
Me(Here I am)
Up In here! off the chains and you know that I brought Ohio wit me
I'm Up In Here! now get loud jump off in the crowd let me see what your all
About (yo!)
Up In Here! Now this my world and all I wanna do is see you let the dogs
Out(et em out)

JD:
Yo' uh yeah (Up In Here) everytime that
Every trip man I don't care what it is (Up In Here!)
If I'm up in here it's somein gon' happen (Up In Here!!)
So So Def everytime we Up In Here