[Intro]
Johnny Juliano
Dot Com

[Verse 1: K.i.D]
Alright, well it's K dot, I dot, D dot, who blam
Hotter than a motherfuckin' boot camp in Sudan!
OOH DAMN!
They say I'm a nuisance
And my girl says that I don't know how to do shit
But obstacles of opta, opta, opta, optical illusions, don't see 'em
Bums want me to be like them
But I won't be 'em
Because I got that optimist improvement
When my shit gets weak, I transform to some new shit
Form my own beats, I'm domestic abusive
Elusive
And you know that I'm highly exclusive
Doggy
And you should, call me when your life's not super boring
Yea-Yea-Yeah you might get high a lot, but that don't mean you soaring, no
K.i.D. and I'm killing this flow
No blow and I let shit go
All you haters got no edge, like the letter 'O'
Aye this the master of the bass and the treble
If you took a elevator, still could not get on my level
But don't worry, dog...

[Instrumental]
K.i.D talking: And I know what y'all gon' do

[Verse 2: K.i.D]
Yeah, and I'm with Mr. motherfuckin' Man
Nigga damn, what you thought?
I don't know
I just keep on going in, geronimo!
And I ain't got a leprechaun, but I got a pot o' gold
I remember days when everything that I had was old
Including my food
'HUH?!'
'Well that's nasty.'
But hey it's true
I only ate in school
But now I break the rules, and I steal that shit anyways
Cause I got dollars, but I remember the penny days
But anyways, who remembers the penny safe?
Cause I do
All them damn trash bags of clothes they provide you
Or having fake, whatever you can imagine, (yeah)
I had some damn Jordans that were made of all plastic
Yeah that shit was drastic
Running in some shoes that are nowhere elastic, (uh-huh)
Running like a cat n' shit, (damn)
Yeah that shit sucks but somehow I made it better
It won't be like this forever
Come on pull yourself together, cause I been there...

[Sample]
Mr. Man & K.i.D talking:
K.i.D: And Mr. Man I know you remember those fucking bummy Jordans!
Mr. Man: Yeah, I remember them fucking Jordans that used to.. chip! How did the tape fall off those fucking shoes?!
(Laughing)

[Verse 3: Mr. Man]
Uh alright, alright
Well K.i.D. I feel you boy
I'm feeling hella Laced Up!
Lace is a belt, when I walk up in the party, these hoes can't help they-self
Only thing on my mind is music, money, weed, Sour D
Grinding until we get it
Ain't a damn thing in this life for free
We been there
Back when there was nowhere to record
Been there, computer mic, laptop on the floor
And man that's real shit
And that's what some of these rappers fail to realize is the realness
Am I mad? Just a little bit, it's cool though
So high I'm on Pluto
That was just a weed joke
To me, life is just a bunch of free throws, I'm taking shots
Hopefully I'll be two-for-two
You Milli Vanilli, y'all one and done
Better look out cause here we come
Females, I'm chasing none
Mr. Man with no misses, just a mistress
Tell these bitches that I'm married to my motherfuckin' business
(What??)
I said I'm Mr. Man with no misses, just a mistress
Tell these bitches that I'm married to my motherfuckin' business
K.i.D as my witness. (Yeah)

[Sample]
Mr. Man talking : All y'all niggas that's falling in love with these messy-ass broads...
*K.i.D raises his hand*
*Mr. Man laughing*