[Intro]
Yeah, it's K.i.D
Uh huh, money symbol at the end of that
Yeah and I just want you to remember that
You know, lemonade it's K.i, it's K.i.D

[Verse 1]
They say a diamond forms under pressure, right?
So when you haters pressure me, it only makes me better
I'm never cheesy but I'm gettin' cheddar
Uh huh and if you don't believe me, write me a letter
But please remember that I got more licks then an envelope
And if you haters sick then my flow is the antidote
People like to hate but when I get paid
They won't know what to say like a unrehearsed play
My flow is too cocky, need be put in his place
I came from the dirt and my destination is space
So I'ma keep goin and you haters can stay
In the back of the pack and watch me finish the race
I swear that I'm a boss, I'm only seventeen
And I spit that clean shit, call it Listerine
I'm all about my team, can't nothin come in between
And I think of cold flows 'til I get a brain freeze
Can you flow session? You already know
I got the the hellish flow, I'm hella dope
Haters couldn't see me with a telescope
And I know my flow stay cold, haters got me in the zone
Now I'm so far gone, now I'm so far ahead of 'em
K.i.D is a veteran, I'm salutin' you haters
For always making me better then I used to be
Used to be, you niggas get used to me
'Cause I'm on TV now so forget that shit you used to see
'Member when I was broke? All you haters used to talk a lot
And now my garage got more cars than a parking lot
Now I get my name on a designated parking spot
Rollin' with my dogs, they just bite, they don't bark a lot
You can never mussel me even with a hundred leash
Because I'm a beast and bite like a got a hunnid teeth
I could kill a hunnid beats, just give me a couple weeks
My city's like muscle beach ain't nobody out here weak
You haters is sinking like a boat that got a hunnid leaks
All you haters stink, freakin' reek like a hunnid feet
Yeah I be pushin' it 'cause I can't pay the parking fee
'Cause I got a hunnid whips, I would need a hunnid streets
Kid of the green is what they call me and I flow so dirty
That I can't stay clean, I just can't stay mean
'Cause my flow is to nice and my shoe game cold
Like I'm walking on ice I've been walking on lights
I've been on my way to mars and I don't build cages
But I've got the hardest bars so baby, I'm a star
I mean I can do it all the only thing
I don't know how to do is how to do it wrong
So ring the alarm, yo, K.i.D's the bomb, yo
And I'm winning every single thing at the award show
And I got a separate house and that's where my awards go
Voted most likely to rap until I get a sore throat
Hmm hmm, yeah what you call a rapper?
Got so many lines, I think that I should be an actor
Or I should be a millionaire gettin' money faster
And I preach the truth, I think that I should be a pastor
Yeah and you are just another clapper
Y'all haters ain't seeing me, you can call me Casper
Y'all are just some jokes, just some straight knee slappers
I'm runnin' the city now, nigga I'll get at you after

[Outro]
Yeah, CJ!
It's Kid Cash, what's happenin'?
Shout out [?] G (What's up?)
You know what I'm sayin'?
Shout out Mr. Man and C-Breezy (Okay)
And Millie, I see you
What's up, Mitch?
What's up, Luke? Heh (Yeah, yeah)
Worldstar Hip-Hop, you know I'm sayin'?
Brandon [?], what's up?
Fully laced