[Verse 1: Roy Da Rappah]

I want to blow up the horizon like the Fourth of July
Ain't Pearl Harbor but watch them fall out of the sky
Swordsman's mentality. I came to die
To be honest I want conquest
The world's my target and my biggest blockage
Constantly my domination, it tries to stop it
But I fight so hard that my soul feel solid
Metal Gears in my mind. My prime got to be constant
Propaganda rappers, do away with their nonsense
Old king's a figure head. He's dead like Presley
Followers try to press yet they can't surpass me
Now my army amassing
Taking this world way of old fashion
Not TNT. Forget drama more action
Still I'm ready to blast in
Cause they closing doors but they can't stop my passing
They can't stop my passion
Only God hold locks and chains. He gave me a key and a hatchet
I got the royal flame. Can you match this?

[Hook]

Rule the world let the African drums blow
Flute speaks of heavens. Voices sound so bold
Time is now. Let us seize the crown
Throne like Olympians. We got aim, plenty of rounds
Hero of new days. Enemy of old ways
Going to war. Our history won't fade
Hero of new days. Enemy of old ways
Going to war. Our history won't fade

[Verse 2: Yung Sums]

I'm exquisite
Verses are so vivid
That thing you call a dream is the life I'm living
You want to quit rapping? That would be a smart decision
My lines like Tony Romo. Hit your brain with precision
You don't amount to half of me, not even with division
Your verse can't be hot if you was standing in the kitchen
Despite competition
I'm 007 and taking the rap game is the biggest of my missions
I'm about to get it started. Put my verse in the ignition
They voted me the president. That's why you got petitioned
I'm not the greatest rapper? I feel that you resenting
They ordered me to come so just say that I was enlisted
Nine times out of ten I'm the champion
And all these other artists throw the towel in
Sure you can defeat me but I won't surrend
K.I.D. run the world. That is it

[Verse 3: Mr. On My Own]

Okay my world is now lateral. Vertices now vertical
Rhymes are now surgical
Whipping them with no miracle
Quieting my endeavors is like chopping them with a lever
Enigma flow clever
Rhymes severed
Words with terminology
Dictator mentality
Penetrating the psychology
Elevating my stance
Just to captivate the trance
I stay complex like mathematics
The rap addict is back at it
K.I.D. putting the plans on the table
They stricken with the cable
Still dreaming about king's dominion like we belong in a fable
Taking these words too literal
K.I.D. General
Through actions not physical
To rule the world man you got to be critical
You got to be critical
K.I.D. Mr. On My Own

[Hook]