[Intro]
Can you feel it!
Can you feel that shit dawg?
'Cause I can!
Oh yeah
I'm just warning you, I'm really fucking good at this
Uh huh, yeah, look

[Verse]
Well it's the big bad nigga that's late to every single class
K.i.D and the D is for don't you know that I will whip your ass
Yeah I'll roast ya
Yeah your boy is hot as a toaster
And I get these ladies wetter somebody get 'em a coaster ay
And I'm killing it every day
K.i.D so freaking great
I just be bagging these niggas up, Frito-Lay
And I'm on my super duper duper duper duper shit
Team full of supermen, ay there's my buddy Superman
You're little friends are super [?] 'cuz she gets on my super nerves
With that "You're not going to college are you, super nerds?"
Smell 'em like a super turd
That fell from a super bird
Yeah I say super a lot 'cuz super that's a super word
Doggie what the fuck is up
Chillin' with my [?] villains
T-I-U, nerd it up, valley niggas love to kill it
Killin' all these other weak weak repeats
Of other rappers that K.i.D deleted
Same old sequence
Rappers get devoured in the fully laced season
I don't need a reason
I just kick ass 'til my feet start bleeding
(That's a lot of asses kicked)
Alright well it's K dot, I dot
You stop, being a freaking cheapo
And pay your girl [?]
Your fleece so, Evil Knievel
When it comes to tracks, my swag is V Gap
Because I be goin' in like I'm never coming back
And usually I don't my mind just stays trapped
When you see me and it looks like I don't know where the hell I'm at
It's because I'm fucking distract, and I still ain't made it back yet
Call me Harry Potter everything I do is magic
Always with a gang of white boys like the Maverick
And I don't chase female dog, I just attract it
It's that young bull that can pull like a magnet
For good girls, I'm an addict, and my swagger's estatic
You can try and add it or you can try to subtract it
But I'll never be an equal
Tryna take my spotlight is lethal
It's like tryna take the ring from Smeagol
It probably obviously ain't gon' happen
Fully Laced zombies, you talkin' to the captain
You come to my shows, everybody be like "Damn!"
When you go to your shows everybody be like, "damn..."
Yeah, and that probably sucks for you
'Cuz every song you make dawg, I'ma make two
And most of you haters don't even know what to do
Because even with a U-Haul, you couldn't make a move
Nope
Yeah, and that probably sucks for you
Because even with the U-Haul, you couldn't make a move

[Outro]
Thank you
Oh yeah, oh yeah
I warned you I was pretty fucking good at this
Yeah, uh, uh
Campos, Campos, you know
Mr. Man, ooh damn, K.i.D
I haven't done that in so fucking long
Yeah, yeah
Super duper dawg
Super duper dawg
Skinny niggas running shit!
Yeah