[Verse 1: K.i.D]
Alright well it's K-I-D, I'm b-i-g, driving while I'm B-A-C
I'll probably be t-i-u 'til I fucking d-i-e
Why do I even try? Nigga you must be out your mind
Driving in my lane to fame
Bro you must be like D-U-I
You are nowhere on my charts I'm bout to blow you're bout to start
Y'all lil niggas ain't got no bark like (gerbils?) in Jurassic Park
Doggy whoa!
Fuck you thought?!
Anti-freeze, I'm super cold
Cuz I'm more like a super yes and you're more like a super no
Flow is always ten below sub-zero but I'm fuckin hot
Hotter than a lot of them chiles in a pot of them
Habanero peppers with hot sauce and no water man
(Damn, nigga that's fucking hot; I'm sweating)
Alright well my swag is my forte, y'all lil niggas just horseplay
Y'all lil niggas iis too weak like fourteen of your days
Every beat I body it I been thru alot of shit but last place is somewhere I dont know how to get

[Hook]
MC Hammer flow can't touch this
You can trust these bitches but I never will
Hit me up she tryna chill
(Got some weed bitch?)
What you got for me?
Whatchu, whatchu got for me? (Bitch)
What you got for me bitch?
Whatchu, whatchu got for me? (Bitch)

[Verse 2: Mr. Man]
Okay I'm faded to the point where
I just really don't give a fuck about
What you niggas gotta say, I'm Chucky bitch you're Child's Play
And my real name is Charles but your girl call me Mr. Man
Swagger's on a hundred grand and all you niggas tryna bite
My flow's never gotta 'you're kinda nice'
Always got the sickest volume
Thirty cent niggas and I'm feeling like a million bucks
Nah don't try to switch it up, you be on that jerkin' shit
I'm out where the ocean is chillin' with my nigga Kid
Better known as K.i.D
Killin it seven days a week
I smoke alot of weed
My eyes is chinky like I'm Japanese
I do what the fuck I want, you do what the fuck you can
I be on some high shit don't worry bout where the fuck I am
I'm that Eazy-E looking ass nigga with an attitude
You gave Kid some Cudi and I'm higher than the man that's on the moon
Every beat I body it I been thru alot of shit but last place is somewhere I dont know how to get

[Hook]
MC Hammer flow can't touch this
You can trust these bitches but I never will
Hit me up she tryna chill
(Got some weed bitch?)
What you got for me?
Whatchu, whatchu got for me? (Bitch)
What you got for me bitch?
Whatchu, whatchu got for me? (Bitch)