[Intro: KYLE & Jesse Rutherford]
Hahaha, that's how it goes
Word, word, you know what I'm sayin'?
We got The Sushi Freestyle, back on freestyle
Man I've been hungry
Uh
Man, I've been real hungry

[Verse 1: KYLE & Jesse Rutherford]
Bitch, we sound like sushi (what it like?)
Ay, grab yo' cameras it's a movie (and they're shootin' and they're shootin' and they're shootin')
I heard your bitch had a booty (hey!)
We all seen it in a jacuzzi (okay, what up)

[Verse 2: Jesse Rutherford & KYLE]
Yeah I'm hungry for some sushi, hold up (for some sushi)
I'm a funny motherfucker like Jim Belushi
You know I do it when I be lookin' like a movie, hold up
Man, I'm like Austin Powers the way that I'm groovy (bam!)
Better than a movie (ayy!)

[Verse 3: KYLE]
That's the way he's grooving (hey, hold up!)
I like salads not smoothies
(I don't want the dressing on that motherfucker, I don't want the dressing on that motherfucker)
I don't need that dressing
(Never get ranch, never get ranch)
6 God blessings
(Look at my pants, look at my pants, look!)

[Verse 4: Jesse Rutherford]
I get the money real fast in the banks bitch
Whatcha gonna do with advancements
I'ma keep playin with your heart like a Game Boy
Man, I'm not talking 'bout Advance shit, hold up
Yeah, motherfucker go ahead and get it in
Just me and your girl and a friend
I don't know, I don't know, it's crazy
Hey, yo Kyle? Look that girl, this your baby?

[Bridge: KYLE & Jesse Rutherford]
This my baby, this my baby, this my world
This my baby, this my, ooh, this my baby
Uh-oh yeah, oh yeah
Oh yeah
Not just gonna freak with you, I just freak with you, looking like a freak, looking like a freak, freak, freak, freak, freak, looking like, looking like, looking like a freak, freak

[Verse 6: Jesse Rutherford & KYLE]
123, ABC, Michael Jackson, motherfucker
Hope you're gonna hop in the taxi, motherfucker
If you want to do it, why you rapping motherfucker?
Like, Jesse, why you rapping? I thought that you sing
(Jesse, where you been? Jesse, where you been?)
Motherfucker, we can take walk through the house
You's a rat you's a mouse, a snitch, motherfucker, woo!
Shit, you know I be giving them all drama like Ricky fucking Lake, motherfucker, woo!
Every moment that I think that you're way too late, motherfucker, woo!

[Outro: KYLE]
That's "The Sushi Freestyle," you know what I'm sayin'?