Ain't been happy in awhile
I be starin’ in the mirror tryin' to force myself to smile
Can't keep blaming everybody, people do what you allow
And don’t ask me how I feel cause I'm responding back with "how?"
How the fuck I'm supposed to feel when all my friends turn they back?
How the hell I'm supposed to trust when people out here settin' traps?
How you expectin' me to grow when I can't let my money stack?
How you askin' for a loan knowing you can’t pay me back?
How you claim to really love me but you fucked that other nigga?
How did you get so good at lying?
How did I think that you was different?
How I get so fucking stupid?
How I let these people use me?
Life is so confusing all I really got is music
Ain’t been happy in awhile

My mama always told me to be selfish with my trust
And don't acknowledge every comment, let them niggas self-destruct
’Cause if you ever fall, I bet you they won't help you up
Rest In Peace 'tentacion, I really feel they set him up
I got my hand in the game now and I ain't lettin’ up
Let it rain like slot machines if you try and press your luck
But it's all peace and love, you won't get no grudge from us
And I really got a chance, just prayin' I don't mess it up
How I'm supposed to keep my faith when God took my bro away?
Think about him every day, how come the pain won't go away?
I was 'bout to end this shit, I mean really end this shit
Then I thought about my kids and nah, I ain't with that shit
When life throw a curve ball, how come it's hard to hit that pitch?
Yeah, she did a nigga wrong, how come deep down I miss that bitch?
Flip that script
I got focused on my craft, just tryna make a difference
Make sure it's all authentic when I make a sentence
It got hard I used my smarts to help create my interests
But don't nobody wanna work, just out here making wishes
Ain't it senseless, how far they go just for fame and mentions?
Soul is trollin', fake exposin' just to gain attention
I clutch the 40 if you coming for me
They popped young one so I shot him
That's another story
Now I don't love you shorty honestly I'm young and horny
Can you, me, and depression have a fuckin' orgy?
It do somethin for me when you make me feel important
Even though it's temporary we can still enjoy it
It gets so annoying tryna play the happy role
I guess it's time to let y'all know I ain't been happy in awhile