[Verse 1: Tory Lanez]
K.O.D, I came to see a dance
She ain't talkin' all she came to see was bands
Pulled up in your fuckin' city like the man
Pay my cash in advance, I ain't hoppin' out the van
Let's get shit started nigga
I'm just tryin' to get my dick in someone's daughter nigga
Over time I've gotten smarter nigga
I turn this on it's gon' off a nigga

[Verse 2: Mark Battles]
I came to get it poppin' different options
Rebound hoes like Dennis Rodman
I used to swerve that Cavalier just like I'm Tristan Thompson
These niggas hate me out of fear that's why their quick to gossip
My clique the hottest, quick deposits, think we pickin' pockets
My chick a goddess and she love me for my cocky raps
No copy cats could stop my stats, I might bring Rocky back
Your latest chick did crazy shit to get that Vasi hat
They think I'm trippin' over hurdles 'cause I body tracks, facts

[Verse 3: Tory Lanez]
Ain't goin' back to the hood again, all black with the hood again
Old lady sayin' what a nigga really should have been
What I could of been, if a nigga just would of been
In the schools I was in a cell, all my niggas they was in the jail
Nigga failed in the 8th grade, see my niggas go to 9th grade
Only made me want to hit the block, fuck school said crime pays
Dime bags in a Jansport, bicycle with the transport
All designer that you can't sport, had to get it, had to jam for it
You ain't have no ties, tell me that you don't lie
I tell you that I don't lie, well we know we both lied
.45 on a real nigga for you pussy niggas with 9 lives
Called peace, I tried, now it's time for y'all to die

[Chorus: Mark Battles]
If I had a penny for all the lame niggas hatin'
I'd be rich then a bitch, I'd be probably Bill Gatin'
Must mistake me for a game 'cause these niggas still playin'
F.O.D the gang yeah, you heard what I said
If I had a penny for all the lame niggas hatin'
I'd be rich then a bitch, I'd be probably Bill Gatin'
Must mistake me for a game 'cause these niggas still playin'
F.O.D the gang yeah, you heard what I said

[Verse 4: Tory Lanez]
Umbrella Mob nigga, a Goodfella job nigga
I'm givin' back with the interest, that's a hella job nigga
Sellin' dope on the iPhone and I got it for the 9 low
So all you nigga don't know, all my niggas speak code
And I got it for the Lilo, got a bitch that deep throat
Hit the line like a free throw, bend the knees like a free throw
Hot plate with the meat loaf and hard dick for the freak hoes

[Verse 5: Mark Battles]
Yeezy boost and a pea coat, custom stitch like Lilo
It's in my DNA to be humble, I was raised on loyalty
Pride can't get in the way of love, so baby come spoil me
Pimp your butterfly like Kendrick and make 'em want more of me
I was a good kid, but look what the hood did

[Chorus: Mark Battles]
If I had a penny for all the lame niggas hatin'
I'd be rich then a bitch, I'd be probably Bill Gatin'
Must mistake me for a game 'cause these niggas still playin'
F.O.D the gang yeah you heard what I said
If I had a penny for all the lame niggas hatin'
I'd be rich then a bitch, I'd be probably Bill Gatin'
Must mistake me for a game 'cause these niggas still playin'
F.O.D the gang yeah you heard what I said

[Outro: Tory Lanez]
Come on, man. Fargo, nigga. You niggas know how the fuck I get down. Mr. Red Cup, Blue Cup, nigga. Mr. Who-Did-It. Mr. Houdini, nigga, you see me, you fig? Niggas are takin' crazy. Don't you ever talk down on my name, you under dig me, nigga? You know I was goin' to stop talkin' shit there but I ain't finished nigga. Young wild nigga, a nigga gorgeous. Niggas love to hate us. Talk to me nice or don't talk to talk to me twice, nigga. Uh, uh, uh