[Verse 1]
This that studio session (Listen up)
Where I deliver you a message (Real shit, real shit)
Reminding you to count your blessings (Got to)
'Cause some ain't make it to they breakfast
That ain't no crisis, that's just life shit
Life go up and down like a light switch
Hang in there with a tight grip
When times get darker than a night shift
The road get bumpy like a pussy shaved down
Do what you said, not what you say now
Don't listen to 'em, there's so much hate now
The internet a 90's-baby playground
Feel undefeated when you at your weakest
Like you cannot beat this and go (go)
That ain't your friend if he walkin' with money
While you sitting hungry, that's cold
That ain't your bro, nigga that's low
Fast money, you will not die slow
I done placed so many flowers on different graves
I tell my dates now, don't bring a rose

[Verse 2]
It was days I dreamed of money
But I woke up broke instead (Why?)
Maybe that's my fault, I shouldn't sleep until I'm dead (I'm woke)
You want it, you gotta work at it (You gotta)
You gotta stay chill, don't panic (You gotta)
Be a better bitch than them bitches out there
Want abortion money but not pregnant
You know those that can't keep count after 'uno, dos'
Man it shows
People think no cons come with they pros (But they do)
But I'm dealing with real shit
My stretch marks really itch
My hair haven't grown an inch
But I'm still that bitch
Black marks on my inner thighs
Well man don't criticize me (Don't do it)
'Cause everybody got flaws
If you think you don't you must can't see (Look in the mirror)
Follow me to get close
Not to just compliment my clothes (I'm on the 'gram)
'Cause if my crib get burned down will you still follow my robe?

[Chorus]
Gotta stay ahead, never say you finish
What you gonna do in the next 2 minutes?
Gotta stay ahead, never say you finish
What you gonna do in the next 2 minutes? (Hey, hey)
What you gonna do in the next 2 minutes?
Gotta stay ahead, never say you finish
What you gonna do in the next 2 minutes?

[Post-Chorus]
What you gonna do? What you gonna do?
What you gonna do? What you gonna do?
What you gonna do? What you gonna do?

[Outro]
Gotta stay ahead, never say you finish
What you gonna do in the next 2 minutes?
What you gonna do in the next 2 minutes?