[Verse 1]
Y'all stupid ass parents so lazy
Praise a snapback more than a baby
Let that baby grow up like, "Who raised me?"
Never had no car so she named her Mercedes
Dumb shit y’all do, yeah I'm talkin' ’bout you
Conehead ass bitches but don't know the scoop
Kid in a crib lonely, cookin' up soup
While mama on dates eating lobsters, I'm through
You failed the mission, you kept your distance
That kid would be rich if you paid her attention
The morals is missing, the world is different
If you mind your business, you could own a business
Deadbeat fathers and deadbeat mothers
Crazy how y'all pin blacks against each other
"You too dark for blonde hair, look at your skin color"
Bitch my skin look and tastes just like Nutella (You heard?)
You racist, so fuck what you say
He black sellin' weed, he will never see day
That's funny when abusers ain't locked away
They in the crib giving more beats than Dr. Dre
They suspect, oh they cops? We don’t trust that
Black people don’t drive home, just take the bus back
These cops killin' us off like we some Rugrats
So I ain’t got time, I'm finna get me a bus pass

[Chorus]
Cereal and water, I'ma eat either way
Niggas only wave when the fee gettin' waived
Said what he said, then be like, "What I say?"
Like K. Michelle, I got rid of the fake
Cereal and water, I’ma eat either way
Niggas only wave when the fee gettin' waived
Said what he said, then be like, "What I say?"
Like K. Michelle, I got rid of the fake

[Verse 2]
All that fuck shit, just dead it (Dead it)
They don't wanna give us our credit (Credit)
Ain't the same tape they spreadin' (Nah)
If it's black on white crime then it's edit
Young queens feelin' like peasants
Priorities mixed up, yeah I said it
One 'bout to jump off the edge
The other worry 'bout her edges
Labels offer me advance, I'm too advanced, so that shit dead (I don't want it)
They swear to God that they God, please listen close to what I just said (C'mon)
People be so confused, one day the sky blue then it's red (Figure it out)
I don't ever get it twisted, if I got it twisted, I'ma get dreads (You heard?)
Damn, is they 'bout to fight? Hold the fuck on, let me pull my phone out
Really wish I could see the shit, but the crowd big and they zoned out
But I'ma get this for WorldStar, let me get close, "Beat that ass ho!"
It all hit, what she should've did
When she found out it's her cousin bro
CupcakKe, let's go out for a drink
Nah I can't link if I'm on link
Yeah, back then that's all I think
Struggle might drain me but I ain't sink
Females thinkin' that they better than another
But at night we all playin' that Tink
All going through the, "Where he at?"
"Am I good enough?", and everything in between
I don't wanna hear it, you can save it
We all gettin' played like a playlist (Playlist)
Women scared to tell what they age is (Age is)
'Cause men want the kids, fuckin' rapists (Rapists)
Uh, step back, you contagious
Friends turned on me like pages
Heart got a lot of empty spaces
Gotta keep it together like braces
Suicide, they givin' up so quickly
Jump out the car but not doin' the Shiggy
Rain on my parade, it will never get me
A little drizzle only make my hair frizzy
Pass me the towel rag, all that nonsense I'll pass
Anything mom want, I'll grab
Cop it like Angela Valdes, look
Don't be a puppet, don't be corrupted
Don't be a motherfuckin' outcast
I don't say shit 'cause words get switched
Like was it cash cow or cow cash?
Ones worried 'bout doin' numbers
Is the main numbers I'ma dial last
Same man say he don't fear shit
Be scared to wipe the shit from his child ass

[Chorus]
Cereal and water, I'ma eat either way
Niggas only wave when the fee gettin' waived
Said what he said, then be like, "What I say?"
Like K. Michelle, I got rid of the fake
Cereal and water, I'ma eat either way
Niggas only wave when the fee gettin' waived
Said what he said, then be like, "What I say?"
Like K. Michelle, I got rid of the fake