Self interview:

[Verse 1]
Nothin' tacky 'bout my Acnique, the inside the most attractin'
Hair ain't really that nappy, if I stop comparin' it to Yaki
Been walked over so much, now when I meet someone, I act rude
They always ask if my tats hurt, but the hurt why I got tattoos
Always tell myself it's a big difference in being alive than livin'
It's funny how a girl with a fat ass can get more comments than a hurricane hittin'
No gas station around and you still push the car that shows you driven
And most people already skipped this song 'cause it ain't about sex and killin'

[Chorus]
Self interview, why the fuck do I do the things that I do?
Self interview, why I fuck him the moment I see that he's cute?
Self interview, how the hell is my life more shitty than a zoo?
Self interview, ain't none of these askes are from Yahoo!

[Post-Chorus]
I look in the mirror
And I gotta ask myself
Am I staying true to me?
I just wanna know

[Verse 2]
Females have sex on the first night, they get called a hoe for that one night stand
Men have sex on the first night, "Congratulations, you got around her bands"
Most wouldn't comprehend, double standards need to end
It's a list of shit I could name but it ain't enough ink in this pen
Spent three hours on makeup with my face covered like peek-a-boo
Whole time, he with another girl with good cheekbones like Pikachu
Back then we had lipgloss and some overalls, that's the usual
Nowadays, I gotta show skin and wear sew-ins to feel beautiful

[Chorus]
Self interview, why the fuck do I do the things that I do?
Self interview, why I fuck him the moment I see that he's cute?
Self interview, how the hell is my life more shitty than a zoo?
Self interview, ain't none of these askes are from Yahoo!

[Post-Chorus]
I see people on the 'Gram, postin' 4k
Be the last person to donate
I'm hoping I never be that, you know?
Never change for the fame, stay me

[Chorus]
Self interview, why the fuck do I do the things that I do?
Self interview, why I fuck him the moment I see that he's cute?
Self interview, how the hell is my life more shitty than a zoo?
Self interview, ain't none of these askes are from Yahoo!

[Outro]
I look in the mirror
And I gotta ask myself
Am I staying true to me?
I just wanna know

QUIZ:

[Verse 1]
Never lookin' at the cost
Money fillin' up the vault (Uh)
My word be the law (Uh)
Bitches scary like Saw (Uh-ahh!)
Let it be known, if a bitch act grown
I'm coming strapped up like a bra (brrrah!)
She tried, but the bitch failed
Like I forgot to put down the salt (Yeah!)

[Verse 2]
A 'hunnid on the eWay
Shotgun in the briefcase
Spill a bitch brains, look like raspberry cheesecake (B-b-b-boom!)
I got so much money up on the line
I had to put that shit on three-way (Brrring!)
Up in your DM, ain't nobody buying (Hey!)
Now you sell pussy on eBay
Bitches ain't no shit (no!)
Sticky fingers, I'm slick (I'm slick!)
Niggas claim that they charged up
But got a whole shortage in they dick (fuck)
Check stubs look lit (What?)
Money double like Twix (it do)
Fuckers dunno who they wanna be
Like they're playing in the movie "Split"

[Verse 3]
The tea that I sip, it burn lip
Fly lil' bitch with my name on a blimp
What the man know I'm hot, check temp (woo!)
Bitches be fucking for a box of shrimp (okay!)
That could never be me
Niggas thirsty, drink some Fiji
Wrist ice be so creamy
So we namin' this shit Edy's

[Verse 4]
Hoes claim they the realest
I'm like "Kill it, don't get me started"
Be the same bitches that lie and
Blame it on other people like they farted (Stank ass!)
Uber pull through the drive-thru
I'm tryna get me some Popeyes
Bought like twenty wings
You would think I'm 'bout to split it with Five Guys (I'm hungry!)
Might buy the Uber man some, it depends on how the line fly
Or he could keep the 50 Cent change
Get rich or die tryin'

[Verse 5]
I get no days off
Your dick is way soft
My niggas droppin' them pounds off like they into weight loss (Woo!)
Ball hard, but I hate golf
Switch on me, that may cost
Nigga said he wanna see me but he's broke
Might as well be Ray Charles
'Cause you ain't seein' me
Don't give a fuck who you be (no!)
Everything custom that you see
Made my jacket Spike Lee (dem spikes!)
Money all on the floor but I clean it off for your nigga neat (Gimme that head)
I told him spell my name with his tongue
That's Akeelah and the Bee (Uhh!)

[Verse 6]
Giggity, giggity
Bitches is silly, gee
All of my enemies try to get rid of me
I got the victory, shotgun big as me
Watch your step 'cause the blood's so slippery
I'm that popular demand
Bet her pussy smell like ham
Got that money, Uncle Sam
Scam my nigga like Joanne (Wooo!)

[Outro]
(How? How? How? How?)