[Intro: Rico Nasty]
Yeah
Yeah
Sugar Trap

[Verse 1: Rico Nasty]
(Rule number 1)
Don't worry about a bitch who never been in your place
Always move in silence, never question your fate
(Rule number 2)
Always check in on your niggas, gotta make sure they straight
If I'm getting money, then you know we all got a plate
Since a baby in her tummy, mama knew I was great
They can't play me like a dummy, they know what not to take
Fuck these niggas, cause the money only thing I'ma chase
Time is precious, that's the only thing I try not to waste
She hatin' 'cause I'm up, you can tell on her face
I been eating so much, I've been saying my grace
When the times was rough, I would look up and pray
Thank God I ain't have to smack a bitch today
(Oh my fucking god)

[Chorus: Rico Nasty]
Smack a bitch today
Thank God I ain't have to smack a bitch today
Yeah
Smack a bitch today
Thank God I ain't have to smack a bitch today
Yeah, whoa
Smack a bitch today
Thank God I ain't have to smack a bitch today
Huh
Smack a bitch today
Thank God I ain't have to smack a bitch today

[Verse 2: CupcakKe]
Smack that bitch right with the Glock
Check that bitch like she my watch (you know it)
Stay in the field, no white socks (I'm outchea)
Patrick Star, how you bout to get rocked
Knock that hoe clean, now man that's how I tidy
Clapping at these hoes, to stop me need Blue Ivy
Draco go everywhere I go like my ID
Bitches be hiding like pregnant Kylie
It's on sight, better think twice
Spit on that bitch like a motherfuckin' mic
Cutting up on a hoe just like a slice
Put both hands on a bitch like a bike
Yeah I'm so untouchable
And if shorty keep on tripping
I'ma smack her in the head with a Lunchable
Like oh my fucking god

[Chorus: Rico Nasty]
Smack a bitch today
Thank God I ain't have to smack a bitch today
Yeah, smack a bitch today
Thank God I ain't have to smack a bitch today
Yeah, whoa, smack a bitch today
Thank God I ain't have to smack a bitch today
Huh? Smack a bitch today
Thank God I ain't have to smack a bitch today

[Verse 3: Rico Nasty]
Rollin' up OG, when I'm smoking my jay (Yeah!)
New car, too fast, so I'm winning the race (Haha!)
Blast off, fast car, cool breeze in your face (Whoa!)
Don't hate on me bitch stay in your place (Lame)
"You rap about an Audi too much" (Shut the fuck up)
Because my Audi paid off bitch, hush! (Shut the fuck up)
Why she be yelling so much?
If I see you in the street, bitch your ass is done
I don't need your opinion (I don't need it, bitch)
Do what I fucking want (Do what I fucking want)
You such a fucking chump (You such a fucking chump)
Pockets on swole, lump sum (Damn!)
Bitch, you a fucking bum (You a fucking bum!)
See you, your ass is done (Your ass is done)

[Outro: Rico Nasty]
Thank god I ain't–
Thank god I ain't have to smack that bitch today
Whoa, catch a case
Punch that bitch right in her face
Yeah!
Sugar trap!