[Verse 1]
Open legs, then the headboard break
Slow strokes while we listenin' to Drake (turn it up!)
Keep going till a bitch 'bout to faint (it's hot!)
I'ma have you trickin' like a prank (ohhh!)
Do you wanna see me play with it? (let me go!)
It's like rappin' on that dick 'cause I be spittin'
Hope the dick don't look like a midget
I love midgets but the dick need some inches (yeah!)
Put a show on for your dick, I'm 'bout to fuck you to the max, babe (hmmm!)
Front row seat is the pussy and the bootyhole is the backstage
Let's fuck on the ground, that's real dirty (dirty!)
I'm readin' your body, I'm nerdy (nerd!)
This cat got nine lives, so we got nine rounds until this pussy gettin' buried (buried)

[Refrain]
Alter ego is a freak hoe
Dick swimmin' like "Finding Nemo"
Bootyhole shaped like a zero (like a zero)
And the twat a upside down Dorito

[Verse 2]
Where's the laundry mat? My pillow full of sweat, I even need a new mattress (mattress!)
Half my clothes on, the other half gone, got me lookin' like a fraction (fraction!)
Pussy lips keep on flappin' (it's flappin'!), if the dick soft it's just nappin' (it's nappin'!)
When I eat the dick, I be slurpin' (slurp) so when you eat this pussy, start smackin'
Can't control it, got this pussy rollin'
No Chips Ahoy, but for them chips I'm hoe-in'
Lost my chopsticks, I'm careful when I hold it
'Cause my nails longer than the claws on Logan
Pussy busy like a full schedule (schedule), I bet this pussy make you settle (it will)
Drip cum spots on my face, so like a pre-teen, I got freckles

[Verse 3]
Mozzarella stick, when I'm on the dick, he cheesin'
Jack the dick off with my hand like shakin' up some seasonin' (yo like that!)
Spread my ass cheeks out while your dick is deep up in my ass (it's deep!)
Face covered in cum, my mama thought it was a soap mask
Put it past my tongue, I wanna feel it on my lungs (cough)
That's the eggs in this pussy 'cause I ate that egg foo young (yum! yum!)
Daddy, I'm so numb (I'm numb!), hurry up and cum (and cum)
Put a straw to that dick, this taste better than rum

[Verse 4]
Super pretty nipples, shaped just like a nickel (they are)
See me in my birthday suit, they want it just like Ken Doll (yeah)
Look at me, no TV (no!), this rated R, not PG (it is!)
I watch you fuck my pussy
Ass and mouth, now that's the 3D (cinema!)
This tongue kiss so harmless, let me lick your armpits
My head game sick, take me to CVS pharmacists (cough)
Relax me with massage, park your dick in my garage (Skrrrt!)
Do not touch my booty hairs, man, I'm feeling like Solange (uh-oh!)
We 'bout to have sex all night 'till my back ache
I'm 'bout to back this ass up like backspace (whoop!)
Put the whole dick in, not halfway
Pussy drippin' on the floor, that's a pathway (need a janitor)
Daddy, daddy, daddy, daddy
Is it a threesome? 'Cause I always sleep on my teddy
Daddy, daddy, daddy, daddy
All you hear is (slurp slurp) like I'm eatin' spaghetti

[Chorus]
You beat up my walls and have no guilt (come here!)
I'ma call Bob the Builder and get 'em rebuilt
(Build these pussy walls!)
Papi throw up the money, not talkin' bout puke
(Throw it up, throw it up)
I like to keep these titties out, that's spoiled milk
(All day, every day!)