[Whisper] Roc-A-Fella's the army kid

[Chris]
Your digits ain't rising fam its like you're lactose intolerant
We got fridges for the Taliban lord attire man, betta keep ya set up
Million dolla man soon to be we next up, get wet up
I been fresh since a little one
Big shots through 'em, the others travel from the little gun
Force Ones, see my rocket's set
Speak my name and I cock it wet
How can I forget see the game she the same I tried to get, back in Gratz HEY
Man them bitches bought the Gift and the Curse and heard the verse off of track Eight
Bitches please same C won't gas ME
Your boy's classy for those who don't know Chris
He like Hypnotiq mixed with Henny, he's ferocious
Toasters right beside and clip extending ya suppose
Throw an open fire on any nigga that approach us
Fucking roaches most of my niggas from the pro-jects 40-o-ez fuck a Moette
Mo' money mo' sex no more stress
And for the cut I take it out on my ememies, taking out all my enemies
Any coward or friend, if he bring the pain
We bringing flowers and memories and that's real
Press my hand and see if my cards reveal. Had to see some of the hardest squeal
Y'all guard ya grill

[Hook: Chris] + (Neef)
(Got a) Whole lot of loving
(Got a) Whole lot of soul
(Round a) Whole lot of thuggin' but baby that's how I roll
(Round a) Whole lot of niggas
(Round a) Whole lot of hoes
(Make a) Whole lot of digits becuz I'm sick with the flows
(Mamis) Leaving they niggas
(yeah). To leave wit a nigga
(yeah). They like oh that's that young nigga that Sigel be with
(yeah). He think he ready ohh girl I got him rollin up
They be like Chris you can get it long as you old enough

[Sparks]
The whole block feeling me! Yeah nigga
I can tell you why these thugs ride tell you why these thugs die
And to the day of my demise I'm blowing, I'm blowing my la-la-la-la-la-la
Till' I come down off this high. Till these polices appahend me
Till these pricks still to me I'm doing me
I'm running crazy thru the city with the toolie
And letting my thing quake on these loonies
For even thinkin that they can do me dirty
I'm nine cluching on the west side of Philly exchanging my war
Story with all of my little homies claiming MOB
Who just refuse to get a job so they back
And forth in and out of these correctional facilities
I'm getting phone calls from him every week
Laughing talking bout how the whole block feeling me
And how when he coming home he ride for me
See that used to be me so I feel him I got love for him. Got a..

[Hook]

[Neef]
Yo same old same old they want me to work more
Just a year ago they ain't give fuck bout boy
As far as the bank, I can't get a penny up out yours
So don't tell me shit about family we starvin'
You helped me stay in this group
I beg your pardon? I started this for Chris
Nigga don't forget make he come off the hip for what you saying out cha lips
Swelling on the past there's no telling if I'll blast
Put it back in bags still selling to the mass
You move fast might crash, so I move at my own pace
Ain't no love loss cause I got my own taste
You don't put no working ? on my plate, to me that shit is snake
Them infrareds help me sleep safe
But wait shhhhhhh. You niggas cake
We don't need no fifths my niggas wiring up ya shit
While we tying up the strip. Got a..

[Hook]

[Chris]
Young Chrissss..
Exclusive nigga take it how you want it man
Take it from the gunners ememies won't dispute us (nope)
They lacking heat like Bermuda, I mack a broad out in Cuba
Touch ya boss then recruit cha. Neva lost ain't a loser
Been all around the world wit my nigga Jigga y'all
Chicken scoopers plenty of times, she ain't getting a penny of mine
I turn your butters into the cinnamon kind wit one shot
That one block still a envy of mine
Like I ain't come from the same
I can't run from the pain nigga
I ain't run from a thing ho, they act a fool when they get hot
I turn the sun 'to rain though something the game lost another one to the game
From where bodies drop nuttin ashame
Just a big payback, pull ya handguns he'll bring the big K's back
And spray back about a hundred and change

[Hook]

[Chris] (background)
You dudes ain't bout nuttin' (yeah) but you front and you're lame (yeah)
Since a young'n if I want it I claim and I got that
Niggas start blobbin' off names where my block at
So I got a spot in the game off my profit
And I lock that y'all can't do it no betta so why knock it
Soon to be legends Roc-A-Fella's the label
Property's the crew that I'm reppin'
Two in possession like who wanna test us..HUH?

You dudes ain't bout nothing but you front and you're lame
Since a young'n if I want it I claim and I got that
Niggas start blobbin' off names where my block at
So I got a spot in the game off my profit (snitches)
And I lock that y'all can't do it no betta so why knock it
Soon to be legends Roc-A-Fella's the label
Property's the crew that I'm reppin'
Two in possession like who wanna test us..HUH? NUCCA ROC! WA