[Jeffrey R. Holland]
My young brothers and sisters, this Church can never “dumb down” its doctrine in response to social goodwill or political expediency or any other reason. It is only the high ground of revealed truth that gives us any footing on which to lift another who may feel troubled or forsaken. Our compassion and our love—fundamental characteristics and requirements of our Christianity—must never be interpreted as compromising commandments. As the marvelous George MacDonald once said, in such situations “we are not bound to say all that we believe, but we are bound not even to look like what we do not believe.”

[Angel]
So let's say today...
That everybody in this world was gay...
What would happen in a hundred years?
Or let's say...
Before deciding to lay...
Mommy & Daddy went gay...
Would you still be here today?
And they say...
Rome wasn't built in a day...
But fell away in decay...
Read the Epistle today...
Said "Wherefore God also gave"...
The agency to behave...
Because at the end of the day...
You all are free to be gay...
Even when skies aren't grey...
But hey...
Hate the flaw, not the flawed...
Whether or not you're choosing to withdraw...
God's law is law...
(No law is going to change us, we have to change us)
I thought you couldn't change?
Kind of strange how it changed up...

[David A. Bednar]
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints has a single, undeviating standard of sexual morality: intimate relations are proper only between a man and a woman in the marriage relationship prescribed in God’s plan. Such relations are not merely a curiosity to be explored, an appetite to be satisfied, or a type of recreation or entertainment to be pursued selfishly. They are not a conquest to be achieved or simply an act to be performed. Rather, they are in mortality one of the ultimate expressions of our divine nature and potential and a way of strengthening emotional and spiritual bonds between husband and wife. We are agents blessed with moral agency and are defined by our divine heritage as children of God—and not by sexual behaviors, contemporary attitudes, or secular philosophies

[Jeffrey R. Holland]
When we face such situations in complex social issues in a democratic society, it can be very challenging and, to some, confusing. Young people may ask, and have asked, and have asked me, about this position or that policy taken or made by the Church, saying: “Well, we don’t believe we should live or behave in such and such a way, but why do we have to make other people do the same? Don’t they have their free agency? Aren’t we being self-righteous and judgmental, forcing our beliefs on others, demanding that they act in a certain way?” In those situations you are going to have to sensitively explain why some principles are defended and some sins are opposed wherever they are found...
[Left]
Because the issues and the laws involved are not just social or political but eternal in their consequence
And while not wishing to offend those who believe differently from us, we are even more anxious not to offend God, or as the scripture says, “not offend him who is your lawgiver” —and I am speaking here of serious moral laws
[Right]
I want to have something like that encounter someday as I want nothing else in this mortal life. And I want it for you. I want it for us all. Israel, Israel, God is calling