[Intro]
Girl 1: Oh cutie got it goin' ON!
Girl 2: Cute? What? That dirty motherfucker?
Girl 1: You buggin'!
Girl 2: Ain't no buggin', he's some ugly motherfucker
Girl 1: You buggin', yo -- look at his disposition, shorty gotta stride!
Girl 2: What stride? Bummy motherfucker, he ain't shit
Girl 1: See, that's my flavor, rough, you don't know nothin' about that
Girl 2: You got mad sour flavor on girl, cuz that ain't shit at all...
Girl 1: I'm -- yo G, I don't think he really realize. Look at him!
Girl 2: Look at what? Dirty motherfucker, he ain't shit
Girl 1: Hahaha, you don't see what I see, B
Girl 2: I don't see nothing. You wear glasses so...
Girl 1: Hahaha, True, true. Just look at him, personally-
ODB: (I like that mothafucka!)
Girl 1: Just look at him...Homie's just dispositioned...

[Verse 1: Ol' Dirty Bastard]
Approach the school nine thirty, you're late
The time happy the solution was my date
Get in your class, walk to your chair
Pop is all you see and then occasionally stare
At the teacher, or students who were clockin' you
Lean back at this girl who kept clockin' you
Stimulated from a sensimilla blunt
Tell the young girl "Baby, you're the one I want."
She doesn't respond, pretends to ignore
So you say to yourself, it be her cold and sore mentally
Visualize the aim on the board
As how to buy pussy you cannot afford
This girl who, was slim and trim
Whispered in her friend’s ear quietly ‘I want HIM!'
I took out my books to write the notes for my class
But I Kept fantasizing my dick in that ass
So I turned around to arrange a date
Swinging episode, baby number one's gotta say it
She popped a gum, cold twist to come
I said "Baby, how you feel?", She said "chill"
Then I said "chill", I just found my thrill
Wear it in the classroom, know I'm Blueberry Hill
Cause what I said just bottled her hate
She put her face on the chest, this is what the bitch said:
"Because of you I ain't hurting, but within my within my heart
Cause no, I'm not right to be flirtin, but our relationship has to start
You're the one that I'm clocking, time for you could stop mockin'
Don't want you to see me cry, this is why, this is why, this is why!"

[Verse 2: Killah Priest]
I met a girl named Chandra, from way down yonder
The apple of my eye had a Snapple and some fries
Forgot the ketchup, that's when I pressed up
"I've been watching you mowing your lawn"
The thoughts were flowin', while I'm holding her palm
"Hey what's that on your menu?", from there we continued
And talk about this and that we chit and chat
Sipped on the Coke then I stroked her back
As she giggled and I wiggled to the bra
She said "nah!", that's when I noticed her Pa
Big Tank, who did nothing but the spank
At parties, drink Bacardi and didn't think
Just act silly, with his brother Willy
Another hillbilly gettin' ill with the Philly
And moonshine, but it's a new time of day
On the stoop doing the Patty Duke
OK, it's like that old flip flaps through the shower caps
The platform shoes to Apple Jacks
Chub chub!!

[Interlude: Ol' Dirty Bastard]
Yo, you niggas, niggas be actin like
They be lovin' them, them them fancy bitches
I, I likes me a nasty bitch
Bitch that's willing to do anything at any given time
Bitch gotta be nasty cuz I'm a nasty nigga
I do anything baby, I wouldn't give a fuck what it was
I'll, ah, anything - I'm a nasty motherfucker girl

[Verse 3: Ol' Dirty Bastard]
I'm just sittin' right, in my class at a quarter to ten right?
Waiting patiently for the class to begin right?, teacher says
"Open up your texts and read the first paragraph on oral sex!"
I said "Oral sex!, what kind of class is this?!"
The girl next to me said "what's wrong with you miss?
This is a lesson that makes you feel fine
Kinda ease your nerves and relax your mind!"
I said "Don't try to use no hypnotic spell!"
She said "Be my assistant, I'd sure rather tell!"
My knees buckled heart started to drop
My dick grew to a size that my nerves couldn't stop
I tried to run! She yelled out "freeze!"
Pulled down my draws, dropped to her knees
Ripped off my draws as if she had claws
Broke the rules that defined sex laws
She responded quick, with a slick, welcoming kiss and a ice cream lick
Oh, I begged, I begged, "Easy on my balls, they're fragile as eggs."
Part 2 coming up...