Intro: Ol Dirty Bastard, Shorty Shit Stain, and others

(the first line originally ended "Dirty Dancin" on Jerky Boys sountrack)
Shit that makes me high
[One two, one two]
Yo, we gonna bring it back, to Harlem World
Motherfuckin' jocks (British Knights)
Yo I remember when niggas was walking down the street
On Farmers, motherfuckers was wearin goose goose
Motherfuckers walking around with Brogans
(I was wearing 'em)
I'm sayin though
[One two, one two]
A gold tooth that was never shined
I'm sayin though
See cause tonight, is the night of all nights
Most people gather around
To hear the show, that is comin through your town
(I was playin' em)
See my name [what what?]
Is somethin, that you won't know
Unless you're dowwwwwwwwn, with the Brooklyn Zoo
(I was wearing 'em)
Other brothers come
But never come back
(Introducing)

So basically, what the Ol'-motherfuckin-Dirty Bastard is sayin'
Is that if you fuck around [one two, one two]
You're gonna get yo' ass fucked up
So don't fuck around just lay down

Verse One: Ol Dirty Bastard

I remember (dnnah-dah, dnh, duh, dnh, dnnah-dah)
Not too long ago (dnnah-dah, dnh, duh, dnh, dnnah-dah)
I went to a city (dnnah-dah, dnh, duh, dnh, dnnah-dah)
And I saw a Wu-Tang show (dnnah-dah, dnh, duh, dnh, dnnah-dah)
Now I always wanted (dnnah-dah, dnh, duh, dnh, dnnah-dah)
To get, with, the band (dnnah-dah, dnh, duh, dnh, dnnah-dah)

But niggas was singin they own songs
Bein in they own worlds
So I guess I, I guess I, RARAARRRRAAHHH!!!
The terminology, the psychology
You still expect me to accept
Do what I say off the TDK...
With the button on record and the other on...
Thus I press pause for a serious cause
To respect an intellect with this gratifying
Now that I'm ready let the music begin
As I detect what I wrote with my...
Through the time that I spent, money that I lent
Rap records went up just about
Then became a new way to get paid
They said, "rhymin' on the mic is the number one..."
Then a brother get the feeling that he want to play cool
You discombumberated diabolical fool
Hog-flesh MC, go play in the mud
Another 20th century, modern day
Cannibal, humanoid, underground...
Chud broke loose from the god damn...
Dope-fiend addict why you walk with
Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome
When the MCs came, to live out their name
Most rocked rhymes that was all the...
When I elevated, and mastered the time
You was stimulated from the high post
You got shot cause you knew you were rocked

Verse Two:

You're not the king of the diss
Youse a queen of a bitch
You're like a homosexual
Your ass always switch
Niggas wake up in the morning
Your ugly-ass guise
Got slob around your mouth
Green cold in your eye
You can't smile your teeth too gritty
Can't even move, drawers too shitty
(you know what else) You're shaped like a thistle
The holes in your drawers when you fart them shits (whistle)
YOU DUCKIN SUCKIN MOTHERFUCKIN COLD-HEARTED FAGGOT
Sperm germ slimy worm DISINTEGRATED MAGGOT
Repeat your rhymes all the time like a FUCKIN parrot
Phony gold chains only rated two carats
You tell your friends that your home is like heaven
Livin in the gutter sewer seven pipe eleven
You wear your socks twelve days in a row
Turn them on the other side so the dirt won't show
Go to school, take a shit, don't wipe your ass
Blame it on another sucka nigga in your class
YOU WANNA BATTLE?
Is it the pork on your fork, or the swine on your mind
Make you rap against a brother with a weak-ass rhyme
Swine on your mind, pork on your fork
Make you imitate a brother in the state of New York
Chain on your BRAIN, that drove you inSANE
When you tried to CLAIM, for the talent and the FAME
Nothin to GAIN, yet and still you CAME
Suffer the PAIN, as I demolish your NAME
Not like Betty Crocker, baking cake in the OV
Sayin this is dedicated to the one I love
Not a swine or dove, from the heaven's up above
When I rap, people CLAP, so they push and they shove
When I rhyme I get LOOSE, better than Mother Goose
Rock the mic day and NIGHT, so you see I'm the JUICE
Like the two-six-EIGHT, politicians demonstrate

Outro:

Now hold up hold up hold up hold up
What y'all niggas don't seem to hear
Is y'all can not FUCK with me
I saiiiiiiiiiid
ALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
Can't FUCK with me

I wanna give a shout out to my nigga Dore, Dore, Dore
Buddah Monk, Buddah Monk, Buddah Monk
Yo, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack
For the niggas who's here
And the girls who's out there
Throw your hands in the air
Cause this one is more fly
Fly, fly
Flyyyyy, flyyyy
Flyyyyyyyyahhahayhahhhha
BZZZZT
Wooo!

Get your ass in the house boy, I told you
Get your ass in the house! Get, get, in the god damn house boy!
Last fuckin time I'm gonna talk to you you hard-headed motherfucker

C'mon daddy?
I didn't mean nothin by it
But when it come to... FUCKIN with you MCs