[Mashup of:
Brooklyn Zoo by Ol' Dirty Bastard
From Return to the 36 Chambers: The Dirty Version
And
Blueprint by Fugazi
From Repeater + 3 songs]

[Intro]
Ain’t no–none of them niggas can’t fuck with me
What? Nigga you could never fuck with me, my nigga
I’ll fuck you up right now! What?! What?! What?!
Bust your motherfucking ass boy!
I ain't no motherfucking joke, you know who you talking to?
Ol' Dirty Bastard, you know what I’m sayin'?
I fuck you up right now
Yeah! What?! What?! What?!

[Verse 1]
I'm the one-man army, Ason
I never been tooken out
I keep MCs looking out
I drop science like girls be dropping babies
Enough to make a nigga go crazy
In the G-Building, taking all types of medicines
Your ass thought you were better than
Ason, I keep planets in orbit
While I be coming with deeper and more shit
Enough to make you break and shake your ass
As I create rhymes good as a Tastykake makes
This style, I'm mastered in
Niggas catching headaches
What? What? You need Aspirin?
This type of pain, you couldn't even kill with Midol
Fuck around, get sprayed with Lysol
In your face like a can of mace, baby
Is it burning? Well, fuck it, now you're learning
How I don't even like your motherfucking profile
Give me my fucking shit: CH-CH-BLAOW!
Not seen and heard, no-one knows
You forget: niggas be quiet as death
Now you know nothing
Before you knew a whole fucking lot
Your ass don't wanna get shot
A lot of MCs came to my showdown
And watched me put your fucking ass low down
As you can go, below zero
Without a doubt I never been tooken out
By a nigga, who couldn't figure
Yo by a nigga, who couldn't figure
Yo by a nigga, who couldn't figure (Brooklyn Zoo)
How to pull a fucking gun trigger
I said "Get the fuck outta here!"

[Chorus by Guy Picciotto]
I'm not playing
I'm not playing
I'm not playing with you, yeah!

[Verse 2]
Nigga wanna get too close, to the utmost
But I got stacks that'll attack any wack host
Introducing - yo fuck that nigga's name
My Hip Hop drops on your head like rain
And when it rains it pours, cause my rhymes hardcore
That's why I give you more of the raw
Talent that I got will riz-ock the spot
MCs I'll be burning, burning hot
Whoa-hoa-hoa! Let me like slow up with the flow
If I move too quick, oh, you just won't know
I'm homicidal when you enter the target
Nigga get up, act like a pig trying to hog shit
So I take yo ass out quick
The mics, I've had it my nigga, you can suck my dick
If you wanna step to my motherfucking rep
CH-CH-BLOAW! BLOAW! BLOAW! Blown to death

[Chorus by Guy Picciotto]
I'm not playing
I'm not playing
I'm not playing with you, yeah!

[Hook]
You got shot cause you knock knock knock
"Who's there?" Another motherfucking hardrock

Shame on you, when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo!
Shame on you, when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo!
Shame on you, when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo!
Shame on you, when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo!
Shame on you, when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo!
Shame on you, when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo!