Yo, when I say you don't want to fuck with me
I'm not talking to you girl (and woman)
Yo, cause y'all want to fuck... y'all want to fuck me

Verse:
I stay away from danger, danger stay away from me
I counter react on y'all niggas and then I flee
Whatever you say is a mirage
And on top of that, huh, nigga fuck y'all
I'm the law of the land, got girls Uncle Nuggah
I gagagaga got girls on the command
I got the government lost on Gilligan Island (Nigga Please!)
By December, CIA gettin' paid taxes back
From the Candy Cane, Santa came, back in the big hurricane
You ain't shaggy anymore, DA, I ain't in your ballgame
I became, ain't your doggy bag ho same
You gotta make Ol' Dirty a better man
In the world if you wanna live
Fuck y'all, God don't forgive
I don't answer phones
I'll never reveal the Wu-Tang secret, and if you don't believe
I'll kill your shit

Chorus: 2x
You don't want
You don't want fuck with me (Cause my name is Ol' Dirty)

Verse:
Please Nigga!
You couldn't jump jump jump
You couldn't punk, you couldn't funk funk funk the shit up
My name is Dirt Dog the 18
Millimeter, shoot you up, bust you up (Fuck fuck, What?)
I drop the ambulance on a nigga
Mac truck, runnin' over niggas
I love bitches, when they front on they pussycat
You ain't gettin' over like a fat rat
Hate is the method, killin' all you savages
You won't be sendin' me messages
I put your nigga on pause, I keep that shit on
Destroy you through your whores
Cause you ain't never had clout
You niggas on a rap drought
I never get tired, I ain't in your drama quote
Suck my dick!
Yeah that horror flick!
Chorus: 6x
(To the ugly girls, throw your hands in the fuckin' air!)
(To the ugly bitches, wave 'em like you just don't care!)
Verse:
Yo, I'm the cunt, breast, asshole eater
And if you let me physically eat it, it only get (burps)
Yo, don't race, you'll lose!
I'm stronger than booze!
Don't eat the food!
AAAAHH! If you really want to cum
The cocaine get your pussy numb
YO! FUCK Y'ALL! EVERYBODY!

Chorus: 3x
Don't ever look at my name as bad