[Intro]
I just want all y'all to know, the reason why I curse
Because of my momma and my daddy; they grew up cursin'
So please respect my style, please!

[Ol' Dirty Bastard]
I'll grab the mic and now I damage you, cuts your whole stamina
Here comes the medical examiner
One verse then you're out for the count
Bring the ammonia make sure he sniffs the right amount
Wake you up and then I axe you
How did you intend this --
Competition to get an ass kickin' so tremendous
Oh!, you shouldn't bother this
Leave me alone like a son, he'll be fatherless!
I got the asiatic flow mixed with disco
Roll up on the scene like the Count of Monte Crisco
And MC's start to vanish
I rolled up into jet, black kid the nigga started speakin' spanish!
Yo!, he wasn't from Panama
I axed you how you get so fuckin', dark, you said
"suntanama!"
He'll be responded so fast, you made me laugh
Ha-ha-ha, HARARRRH scared his ass
Kick the hundred strongest rhymes
Then I brought out the punk in him
Caught him with a strong five deadly venom
Told him!, enter the Wu-Tang
Witness the Shaolin slang, that'll crush any shit you brang
I watch your ass take a big fall, why?!
My Main Source, is like a friendly game of stickball
And as you step up to batman, I play you the riddler
You try to jew me for a rhyme nigga, I'll change to Hitler
I go out like a Nazi, wish your fuckin' ass stayed, home and played (Yahtzee!)
Or watchin' Happy Days sweatin' Poxie
With Ralphie and Richie Cunningham, Joni and Chachi
Wu, who? Me gettin wreck talk to him
He's like a twelve and a half foot, gettin' in a seven shoe
Now picture that with a Minolta
I have your ass doin' some Night Fever shit like John Travolta
I come strong I make knowledge born, I flip the script
And rock on from P.M. , past the fucking Dawn
Pass the Hammer you're broke down, niggas grab my what what
You can't understand it, here's the panorama
A complete view, of how I defeat you
Shoulda stepped to those god damn kids who tried to beat you
Yeah I bust that ass before
You ran to Texas and came back but forgot the chainsaw!
And wanna perform a massacre
Better be coming with some motherfucking shit that's spectacular
I bust y'all..