Billy woods ft. Priviledge - “CJ’s”
[Emcee(s): billy woods]
[Producer(s): Dan Datiles]
[Scratches: Dan Datiles]
[Hook: Priviledge]

[Verse 1: billy woods]
99 bottles of malt liquor with 99-cent stickers
Could have 99 Newports, niggas’ll still bicker
15 ain’t bitter, 40-ounces taught us
To drink quicker.  In dungeons with dragons, magical
Elixer by the sixer, but don’t let it
Get warm—you’ve been forewarned.  Youngins in the stockroom
Ain’t calm, some is armed, chasing MGD
With Boone’s Farm, sitting on milkcrates torn
Enterprising pipeheads swarm, seven watches
On their arm cause speakers, broken glass
In the tweeters, chilling coat-space heaters
Sin eat his wifebeater, creatures sweating out liters
Ring of fire, suppliers, alleyway frequent flyers
Rock monsters, real survivors, hustlers
Is born liars, winos, and thieves with problems
Up their sleeves.  In Heineken we believe, clean
Green like optimal leaves.  Jealousy and greed
What I want ain’t what I need

[Hook: Priviledge]
Ayyo
We’re sipping, we’re drinking, we’re falling tipsy in the drunken
Searching for the point where enough’s enough.  For what’s
It’s worth, who gives a fuck?  Just tip your cup
And check me in the back of CJ’s, lighting a blunt
We’re sipping, we’re drinking, we’re falling tipsy in the drunken
Searching for the point where enough’s enough.  For what’s
It’s worth, who gives a fuck?  Just tip your cup and
Check me in the back of CJ’s, lighting it up

[Verse 2: billy woods]
Living raw, cracking jaws.  Kirk said, “Keep it out
The store,” so it’s Big League Chew cracking the jaw
Life in a claw, pints in the park.  Sometimes
You eat the bar, sometimes the bar eats you
Drunken words is often true like, “Don’t trust no one
In the crew.”  Didn’t believe ‘til I seen on the news
He got blown out his shoes in front CJ’s
Six shots over loose talk and a five-dollar rock
This ain’t for the pity ‘cause it wasn’t that bad really
Girls wasn’t that pretty but let a kid suck their titties
Pour ‘til we’re shitty, puff ‘til the Philly little
Bitty, hit it again, seeds pop out the shit
So smack they feel when I burn my lip
22’s was a sip.  No need to throw up, we’ve
Been sick