Billy woods ft. Kong - “Cross My Heart (The Chalice Version)”
[Emcee(s): Kong and billy woods]
[Producer(s): 007 (AKA Bond)]

[Hook: Kong]
I cross my heart, don’t hope
To die.  I’ll socialize with open eyes
Cross my heart, don’t hope to die, socialize with open eyes
I’ll cross my heart, don’t hope to die
I’ll socialize with open eyes

[Verse 1: Kong]
Hear the cries and the lies
Your lies turn to alibis, mental uncircumcised
Only when the curtain rise, pain in the tears
The rain came in years, I ran from the fears
The game’s switching gears.  Fourth year, let’s get off here
The Source is here.  The Source is the cross, the cross is here
Don’t look at The Horseman.  I’ve seen the light under
The darkest night, sparking bright, often bright, but I’m
Nauseas from the height of a lot of bottles flipped, living
For the luscious lips, a luscious chick sucking dick.  Saint
Got me speeding, fiending for indecently treating
Pleading for reason, need a meeting with the son of “thou
Shall not”

[Hook: Kong]
Cross my heart, don’t hope to die.  I’ll
Socialize with open eyes.  I’ll cross my heart, don’t hope
To die, I’ll socialize with open eyes, I’ll cross my heart, don’t hope
To die.  I’ll socialize with open eyes
I’ll cross my heart, don’t hope to die

[Verse 2: Kong]
What’s the profit of a man
That gains the whole world but lose his soul for glycerin gold?
Golden glycerin, heart of nitroglycerin.  Now listen
To portion of book that he was mentioning.  My days
Is scarred, I pray to God, I cross my heart, don’t hope to die
I’ll socialize with open eyes.  I’ll cross
My heart, don’t hope to die.  I see the pain in the street
When I rock on the block with the Glock cocked, niggas can’t
Fuck with the Kong when I’m raw on the spot.  Niggas
Straight-up hesitate the fuck with this ‘cause, to fuck with me
You’ll get the gun kiss—blao!  Niggas is
Plowed out, niggas assed-out, passed out when I walk
Through the block, niggas is...

[Verse 3: billy woods]
Fuck what you saw.  Bloodstains
By the front door, a nigga crawled from the store, hands raw
I knew I’d seen him before.  I’d do wrongs of
Pushing stolen cars, face black as char.  All is
Fare in love and war, nobody keeping score no more
Momma would say, “What you crying for?” then hold
Me close like soldiers grip toast and rosaries.  Battle-
-field ghosts, they like holding the throats of the condemned
As they choke, dance from the rope.  That which doesn’t
Kill makes me stronger—hard to feel when pain
Becomes armor.  For better or worse, wound or hearse
Sum it up with a curse: do your worst.  Just one more verse
Game over.  One more quarter, one more
Dash for the border.  Get your papers in order
Awful Dodger, Tommy Lasorda, sort of drop
One more mortar, knowing when they catch me, it’s torture
David Lynchian torture, face-down in the River
Styx, throat slit, pendulums and pits, hoes
Ditch.  Been rich, been broke as shit, trade
Nicks for wicks, dreaming licks between steel sips
Battery acid wetting my lips, hock is spit
Hell naw, I ain’t gonna quit

[Hook: Kong]
I’ll socialize with open eyes.  I’ll cross my heart, don’t hope
To die, I’ll socialize with open eyes, I’ll cross my heart, don’t hope
To die.  I’ll socialize with open eyes

[Outro: Sample]
“Too bad you fucked up, dummies” - Sample from Ghostface Killah on Raekwon ft. Method Man, RZA, Masta Killa, and Ghostface Killah - “Wu-Gambinos” (x5)