[Verse 1 - Curly Castro]
What up science?
Old man Logan with a natural Black cock
Me not like phoney the axel
See the black planet filtered on its axis
Run a company criss, a sky remain a practice
Raw thing, fallout party planet done in secret
Cockroach Cosby rocks control seekers
Leaflets dropped from helicopt's been circling
Still don't make no black cops believers
Waterboard some blue terror into my nostrils
I breathe through my Gil Scott Heron apostle
Sitting in a seance, cross through on your Sanchez
Mask [?] science and then we break bread
Put our omen heads together, turn profit
Huey P's ghost points out pig agnostics
Ran into Medusa in hell, give her a shot gun
Lift an L and then inhale, what me not got sun?
What me not got sun?
What me not got sun?

[Chorus - Billy Woods]
He got the whole world in his hands
Little mama, she just want dance
He got the whole world in his hands
He got the whole world in his hands
He got the whole world in his hands
Mistook the stick for an olive branch
He got the whole world in his hands
He got the whole world in his hands

[Verse 2 - Billy Woods]
Pack the woods like a pocket square
Cold bar, the lay off the blank stares
As civilization crumpled into air
Laugh aloud 'cause I'm scared
Ninety nine problems, better show your work
Don't make me out to be the jerk when you lose your whole flirt with death
Lurched to the steps of the church, you've lost your nerve
Verses murked, the snipers perch
Blurry footage of perp' who caught the chill
William Hurt, kept it real
That White guilt won't work
As he turned, the [?] black, he smirked
Meaning duty he shirked
My weed jar burp Bulawayo sweat through a [?] shirt
Travel with fifty boxes of dirt
Bloodsuckers, motherfuckers never loved us
Bastards' children have a way of just showin' up
Pale as fuck, two holes in the neck
You ain't expect to see me on your doorstep
The Queen's English is my bitch
Rode hard, put away wet
You mad as shit
Never mind that, you gon' invite me in?
Lips fat as yours is thin, but same sly grin
You gon' invite me in?

[Bridge - Elucid]
Uh, is them again
Uh, is them again
Uh, is them again
Uh, is them again
Uh, is them again
Uh, is them again

[Verse 3 - Elucid]
Cherry-eyed dragon swivel dipped me in the fountainhead
Metal mouth the house you want the balcony [?] selects
Eggbeater brain all was quiet when he came through
Rappers all cotton bless to God that's how we made good
Blue blocker vision my religion isn't one at all
Shipping out the schisms, you can't text back till the final [?]
As the oceans go, projectile vomit on a project wall
Spin his vinyl backwards, move your masters, homicidal roar
Acid and a spinal cord, friendly fire, cyber war
Black messiah by ya sent the dialogue, higher sloth
Nun cipher when your higher called, by and large folk
They don't know the science on assignment, don't get fired on
Is that all you locals lower do? Air in the vocals
Leaving room for poison darts to fly by and poke you
Real god require blood, my sacrifice [?]
[?] don't remove the harpoon
You's a mark fool, your cave bitch swoon
The god's magnetic, stretch, weigh it, measure it
Pyrex metric, the dab won't get it, bang, lost trial
Don't leave the A out of archive, dark time
Popping bar flies with the carbine, raw hides
Spectacular, a channeller, a gentleman, it's him again
World passport, global citizen
(It's him again)
(It's him again)
(It's him again)
(It's them again)