The Reavers (ft. Priviledge, billy woods, and Vordul Mega) - “Empire”
[Produced by DR. MONOKROME]

[Intro: Priviledge]
Yes.  Come on now.  How could you not see this?

[Verse 1: Priviledge]
Round tables, blue banners
Six panelists.  None of them can stop stammering
From the lies they tell.  The most
Trustworthy ones’ll still buy and sell your soul
On Wall Street in blue-chip folders
Or fill their money clips on some gangster shit.  They got
Cabals in the street, forming detectives
Illegal searches, planted weapon possessions
My cousin going ‘way this coming September
I’m saying: so many don’t make the connection
Shit starts at top.  Always rolls downhill
And buries the whole borough in a system of tunnels
To help ‘em with the struggle of everyday living
In the darkest valleys, alarming armies
Crawl in the allies.  Checkpoint Charlie, beef over
Boundaries.  Rocks and bottles replace rights and laws
‘Cause, in the eyes of the night, yo, we all seem small
And when the light comes on, it’s still a rich man’s world
And I’ll bet you six figures they gonna keep this going
Keep this going

[Verse 2: billy woods]
Youngins know me from the building.  Nigga, I held
Up ceilings, staircases.  Blunts is peeling like lead
Paint.  Catching feelings, we rock game faces
Dirty laces, dirty cases.  Seen the look in his eye
Off to the races, gingerbread fresh out the oven
“Really can be your husband.  What’s the dealie with
Your cousin?  She got cushion for the pushing and shoving, good shit”
Overdub and mismatch shit, coaches subbing
Even off-guard, I’m on-point and backyards with joints burning
Like arthritis.  It’s too late once you hear sirens
Run through the system like a virus.  Forty-eight hours
Back in The Towers, measuring powder like, “Oh snap
I got the power, whiteout gun barrels.”  Pharaohs
Beware of vengeful gods and oracles, Tarrows, bones burned
To the marrow.  Chrome arrows shine ‘til I
Come home like Jamal Barrow.  Rhyme ill
Mia Farrow.  woody bill "Steady Mobbin'" goodie deals
A hundred monkeys can’t stop this curtain call
Babylon’s certain to fall... maybe.  My advice to y’all
Is "Deck the Halls" or “Get the Bozack”
3, 2, 1, contact like American football
Hit ‘em like brick walls, moving trees through drunk drivers
Marley Marl said I'm In Control.  Stop running
Your lips, learn how to crawl.  Who Ready like Biggie Smalls?
Big and tall, I’m casket-shopping for anyone
Who album dropping

[Verse 3: Vordul Mega]
Cold chill on low wheels
In the city of go-getters.  Written with fast
Gods to slow spitters.  Trying to see, I throw
Shit up to the ceiling.  So many feelings
Revealing your deepest of thoughts
Lost in the mist.  Blocks full of bottles
Of spliffs.  Vision cycles of a system we live in
Trying to gain wisdom from hard times
With lines spinning from the black widow
Blowing clouds out the window