Billy woods - “Killtro / Go-Go Dub Plate”
[Emcee(s): billy woods]
[Producer(s) of Instrumental 1: 007 (AKA Bond)]
[Producer(s) of Instrumental 2: DJ Marmaduke]

[Verse 1: billy woods]
Kabul to Baghdad, the emperor wears no clothes
Choppers and foot patrols, trigger-happy eighteen year-olds
In the hood, we know about those
Better yin like the Bloods on my block
Don’t care how they bust shots, kill anybody for props
Sick dudes, but better them than the cops

[Verse 2: billy woods]
D.C., Virginia for undercovers, make you cut raw deals
Then fuck no-rubbers, son, don’t chill
Devil happy than a motherfucker, duns don’t kill
But your man might buck your flash and steel
Accidents happen, sucker.  Both play close like
Lovers, brothers play the house like baby mothers.  Easy
Bake Oven stuffers, windbreakers, handcuffers
For taillights and mufflers.  billy don’t sleep like
Truckers.  No darts, I’m a spearchucker
Enemy competent, licking anthrax letters to Uncle Tom
‘Cause Powell should know better.  Ashcroft and Cheney
Like, “That’s my nigga.”  (For real) [?]
Pull the trigger (For real), have her spinning in her grave
‘Cause nothing’s more disgusting than happy slaves.  Lend an ear
To these Van Gogh skills, paint spills.  My flow
Like, “Give me the pill.  Stand back or make the high-
-light reel.”  This how I feel: people need hot
Meals.  They’re spending millions spraying coca fields
But, in my building, niggas still deal, and
The price keeps dropping, so more niggas start copping, get locked
Back to sharecropping, private prison selling stock
Options Rockefeller concoctions, so when the page
Check my mouth, grab my balls, I know they’re just shopping
Auction-blocking.  Where the fuck is Cochran?
Where the fuck is Cochran?

[Verse 3: billy woods]
Die City dub plate
F the jakes.  Been in Rome, where broken dreams
Go, Verona Drive, youth in the street, Georgia
Ave., [?], Columbia Heights rock
Real pipe, Indian Lane tick tock, flying
Lick different cops.  [?]
The forest.  Fuck the tourist on the creep
You Street, First Street.  E-Double got
The leather seats, Marmaduke cheffed it, no meat
Falafel beats