The Reavers (ft. Dom Pachino and Keith Masters) ft. NLZ - “Napalm”
[Primary Instrumental Produced by NLZ]
[Interlude Produced by billy woods and Phantom Power]

[Hook: NLZ] (x2)
The streets are savage.  Got to keep my hand on the chrome
Team Napalm is fire, bring the heat to your dome
Be in the zone.  I’m known to crush your audio tones
We the last squad standing in the war with the clones

[Verse 1: Dom Pachino (AKA P.R. Terrorist)]
Ayyo, my sole purpose is to slap y’all fags
Y’all keep looking at me like a nigga in drag
I’ll leave your face bloody like a bitch on her rag
This is Napalm for real.  Y’all know the deal
I love hip hop, plus I’ll pop the steel
I don’t talk to bitches.  They drop and kneel
I’ll slam dunk pussy like Shaquille O’Neal
I don’t talk to niggas that love to squeal
If you’re thug for real, then your mug is steel
A slug won’t affect ya, but this vest won’t protect ya
You’ll be laid up in a stretcher, laid out
“Your team is played out.”  They thought that about us
Before I came out.  Now they switched up
Dom P’s a full house, make emcees scatter in dark
Holes like mange mouse
Way too much spice—must be my mom’s food
I’m old-school—nickel-plated .22
In a house party, same time [?] (Backwoodz!)
[?] Napalm team is all-pro (All-pro)
We’re Napalm

[Verse 2: Keith Masters]
Ghostwrite for warlocks to stop, lock, and aim
Young guns, old bullets that smash your whole frame
Niggas still want war—ain’t a damn thing change
I need pain.  Fuck fame, fuck living in shame
I’ll write raw lyrics, lines straight to the brain
You in the Backwoodz (Holler), where emcees get slain
Nigga, you don’t want to go knuckle up, get tussled up
Whip ass like your moms did with the buckle up
IGC “Spitamatic” with static.  You had it
Should have grabbed it.  It’s so tragic
Got your face tatted like Mike with permanent marks
You going ‘gainst me is like a shot in the dark
Streets is mean, turn a graduate to a fiend
And I seen it happen Illtown to Manhattan
Niggas clapping, still packing.  I was rapping
Trying to make sense of these bars I was trapped in
And with Bush behind the button, it’s dangerous
No peace.  Need a piece with things to bust

[Hook: NLZ] (x2)
The streets are savage.  Got to keep my hand on the chrome
Team Napalm is fire, bring the heat to your dome
Be in the zone.  I’m known to crush your audio tones
We the last squad standing in the war with the clones