The Reavers (ft. Vordul Mega, billy woods, Goldenchild, and Spiga) - “Nature”
[Emcee(s): Vordul Mega, billy woods, and Spiga]
[Producer(s): DJ Marmaduke]
[Vocals: Goldenchild]

[Intro: Vordul Mega]
Yo, yo.  Yeah.  [?].  Yo

[Verse 1: Vordul Mega]
Futuristic mind coalition
Coexisting with high figures
Noise with low digits, so cyclic
Going through it, playing music, reminiscent
Stay twisting and flipping on authority
We, as minorities, must give each other
Moral support.  Whatever you go through
Deep in the mentals, cold truth
See children spring from the womb
Like Gozu.  And we owe dudes to move
Units, self-promote, trying to keep
Our boats to stay afloat, glued in a sea
Of information, sex lives, video
Tapes and immigration.  Migrate
Across the globe with headphones cables
Attached to the backs of earlobes.  In a world
Where they fear Close Encounters
Of Third Kind, third eye deciphering codes
At the same time, minds explode

[Verse 2: billy woods]
In nature, I’m supposed to hate ya.  Breaker, breaker
Beatbreak Terminator coming back later
In the past, stone tablets is paper.  Led
Zeppelin escalators to take ‘em to their makers
She not my girl.  I just can’t shake her.  Rodney
Dangerfield, take her, please.  And where
The elevator?

[Interlude 1 (Overlapped with Bridge 1): billy woods and Spiga]
Spiga: Yo, yo, you’re supposed to come in right there
Billy woods: Where?  Right there?
Spiga: Yeah, man.  You say I act stupid
Billy woods: That’s how it’s supposed to act
Spiga: Like a nigga?
Billy woods: Like a goddamn nigga
Spiga: Smash these cats, man.  It doesn’t even matter when you think about it.  Really
Billy woods: Show ‘em

[Bridge 1 (Overlapped with Interlude 1): Goldenchild]
Yeah, yeah, you
Osama, your mama too
This is the outback, Backwoodz
Pimping the girls, we out in the Woodz
What it does?

[Verse 3: billy woods]
Put it all on the flipping coins, slipping
Gripping apparition.  Organics is your prison
Force ate the flesh, mathematician
Intake the best flight cess
Manifest over a candlelight, controlling
Shot glass—be my guest.  Gas gats
Unleaded, diesel splashed on the feeble
Who evil at the easel?  Desert sands
American eagle, thirteen arrows in the claw
Beak hold meat raw.  Discovery
Channel, control panel under the wing
Underling put me under the bing.  Overstand
A damn thing.  I said, “Fuck the king
Queen in Africa, bring the guillotine”
Semi-autos reverberate, let
Freedom ring.  Let the fat
Lady sing

[Verse 4: Spiga]
Uh.  Roll it, light, and smoke it, but hope
That it don’t unroll while you choking.  There’s a hole
In the bucket.  Never been about the duck—it’s the land
Of the monk, but who want it ain’t at all who fronted
Up front with it, axe your tongue out for getting
Addicted like Riddick to self-preservation
Without hesitation, wash the world of blood
‘Til they’re covered in red mud when you did it for the love
Infatuated with feeling.  What’s the meaning?
Seems the purpose is fleeting.  Undercover for sexual healing
Eating like I never ate before
Taste of raw.  Look at us look.  We looking for more
Been looking for whores, changing lanes with directioners on
My brother Sean and Trevor kept me clever for sure
As far as that paper, place a wager
When nothing could save your Trump type with my abstract nature
Yeah.  My abstract nature
It pays to pay attention.  Did I mention the flavor
Tastes like lightsabers with a hint of lemon-lime?
Goes good with clementine and chicken, finger-licking
For sure.  Just give me my order.  Got to feed my sons
Still want a daughter.  What a time.  You ought to be chasing
Waiting at the shores for a savior.  I ain’t
Stranded.  I moved here to get away from the players
Make sure you call before you come