The Reavers (ft. Vordul Mega, billy woods, and Karniege) - “Penmanship”
[Produced by Bond (AKA 007)]

[Intro: Vordul Mega]
Yeah.  Yo

[Verse 1: Vordul Mega]
Through the journeys and struggling tales
Artists starving, the bubbling sales.  We all
Got to eat, skate with cuffs on our tails
Integrity to win.  And then it all fails
And the shit hits the fan
We turn lights off, light candles, like “Let’s
Have a séance.”  Pray past days, we on
Holding TECs.  Circumstances
Of living with heavy laws.  We did it
In every hall, getting lifted and spitting off
And we do this.  Sincerely, yours crafting
Mastery of existing through years
Of stress, depressed, darkness
Where scary walls see shadows.  Cops
And robbers shoot it out, leaving smoke from
Heated barrels.  Everybody letting go like Indians
With bows and arrows.  In these times, men babel
With hidden terribles, trying to get right
Sometimes, getting high—even when I’m mad low
Mad low, walking mines, cemeteries
And blocks where the gats blow

[Verse 2: billy woods]
And that’s how it go when you “Spitamatic”
See mic, grab it.  We babies already
With the bad habits, no manners
I’m crazy, come through in all spots
No hammers.  Getting hazy, first rule is:
No bammer.  Stoned on camera
Thrown out slammers.  Too nice, I guess I
Have to stress.  woods beating the rest
On the humble, but handoffs he never fumble
Change scenario.  Nigga, never stumble
Would have tossed this shit, but it’s some sticky ick
Plus I rolled the perfect spliff.  Fucking
Shift to fifth, blunt back in my big black
Lips.  On the dip again and all I got
Was this lousy pen

[Interlude 1: Karniege]
Well let me use that pen and finish these parts

[Verse 3: Karniege]
Crush your gang with tidal-wave slang
Sword slash sharp-edge, Wolfgang fang
Don’t reach.  God knows where you would land
Probably in another continent, looking awkward.  Shit
In school, teachers didn’t like my smarts
‘Cause I would strike with darts and write on walls
Ask, “Can I steal and then tag it too?”
Battling youths and grabbing your food.  The name
Karniege.  Don’t hate, partner, or get chased on your
Block.  Cops won’t stop to help you out
Swap recipes with grandmom—she’ll belt you down
Call me Perdue ‘cause chickenheads miss the dreads
Listen, fam.  Sending me email, retail, and
Plenty of flesh swinging on musical notes
Like a treble clef, trying to give me plenty head
Please [?] protect your neck