When i Looked into your eyes, I saw walls, walls filled with fear - Ultimate Warrior

We don't even understand freedom anymore. We are a country that is heading towards socialism, totalitarianism, beyond your wildest imagination. - Glenn Beck

Because I'm rich in ring prowess. Blessed with technical skill. And extremely well of when it comes to wrestling ability. - Ted Di Biase

Verse 1
They do interviews, veins bulging out the neck
Mock outrage, or is they really vexed
Anybody's guess
Facts don't matter, make them twist
And shout, much beating at the chest
Popcorn buttered, feet up, eyes glued to the set
It never gets old, like Pro Wrestling for NES
They be goin' off the top rope, Suplex
Pay-Per View to your Double-Wide and Duplex
A swing an' a miss, but he still hit the deck
Badly choreographed cheap shot, meet the press
Logic is a foreign object to who cheats the best
Yells the loudest in the snake pit
Issuing cowardly threats
Work the crowd with oiled Pecs
Emmanuel Goldstein on screen, grotesque

Come on down the aisle with your flag waving, with your music playing, and all your little fans standing and then

You must get a weapon, you must have a weapon, you must get any weapon that is legal to have and keep it in your house, and not worry so much that you're going to use it to kill yourself

Can i finish please? Yes, Alright. Absolutely, Death threats against my children - Star Parker

Verse 2
Wriggled out the 8 count, razors in his mouth
Steel cage match if the ratings keep going south
The heel plays his bow to perfection
Steps on toes, comes out throwing blows at your septum
Apply the sleeper hold just in time for elections
Talking heads tap the sides of their nose, as it grows
Catch a tiger by his toe, wag the dog, thousand pound gorilla in the room
Fresh Meat in the claw
Bring home the bacon
High on the Hog
Pulled stuffing out the turn-buckle
Brass on the knuckle
Fan favourite
HGH in the muscle
Are you not entertained
For this, better men, crippled and maimed
It's all in the game
Grab the mic, hit your mark, spit those scripts
Pretty girls on the screen, showing some tit
Folding chair to the spine, cold line to the jibs
Dry eraser battle lines
One eye on channel 9, like "can I live"

Roll us into a new global government, environmental fasicm, dictatorship of the banking cartel- Alex Jones

Cathy, get off my phone. Get off my phone you little pinhead. I don't care. You people don't care about the trillions. Get off my phone. - Glen Beck

First thing I'm gonna, I'm gonna take Piper's integrity. It's like Jacques Cousteau trying to find a dry spot in the ocean, I ain't got no damn integrity. How you think I got so far - Roddy Piper

I was born with a golden spoon in my mouth. Nobody likes it. It's the old adage of: "You like to hear somebody is doing pretty good, but you don’t want to hear they’re doing better than you."
You see, the bottom line is I’ve always done better than everybody else. Only because of one reason—I was born with a golden spoon. I inherited the ability, I inherited the money, I inherited the God-given best looks in the world today
And with this, I dress myself in ultra suede; I dress myself in cashmere, yeah. I dress $100 pleated slacks. I dress myself in alligator shoes. I wear a $15,000 Rolex. I got a Mercedes Benz, Roles Royces. The biggest house, on the biggest hill, on the biggest side of town. You know, why I got all that... Because I was born with a golden spoon. - Ric Flair