[Verse 1]
Don't quit the piano
Fuck working on your Handel
Smoke papers, recognize you really can't save niggas
'04, remain seated after Tim's fadeaway against the Lakers
Learn to fight, write, then rewrite
When they say "revolution", don't believe the hype
Go see PE live that night
Don't talk business around GG and Black Mike
Matter fact, keep them dudes in the corner of your eyesight
Avoid DC when you graduate. Better yet, graduate degree
And say something to your father before he leaves
That's the last time you'll ever see him
And that's not a lot of money, fam, that's a couple G's
And I probably don't need to tell you this, but ride clean
When she asks you straight up, say what you mean
It's never as bad as it looks or as good as it seems
Protect your mother
Even though he won't listen, tell Ko, "THEM DUDES IS UNDERCOVERS!"
Kiss Summer. Your time's short. Build forts
Steel doors reinforced in a world full of sore losers and bad sports
It's always the away games. Stay with home court
Forgive bitter battles fought
Tell your sister you miss her from the heart
Sip tea in '83 with terrible men
War in the air as you play with your friends
Enjoy it while you can

[Hook]
You already know. (x8)

[Verse 2]
Rappers are fucking idiots
Nah, that's not a knock on they brilliance
You don't need the extra cheese on that Sicilian
Steer clear of simpleton
Your class valedictorian won't be the first to touch a million
But you won't either, and that's okay
Great Escape. Remember the look on your mother's face when you left
She was right. You weren't ready. Live your life
Pops quiet in your corner. Hold him closer
Learn to work with your hand. Secure a plan
Peep how most women are often broken
Hopes and dreams alone won't cut it
Love for suckas. You in luck with strangers
Before they slap the cuffs tight, please control your anger
Black boy born with a balled fist. That's a hard kid
Never got the hype, but his balls big
Got a good crew. Keep your word bond
At twelve, kissed your first blonde
That story never made it past your lawn
And yours didn't, either. Michelle may have loved you
Tree is truly a keeper. Folks feel at ease when you smile
Adrienne's child. Radiant. Proud
Speak your mind. Shine blind on the shadiest
Quit being so goddamn lazy. Cowards quick to call you crazy
Even when it's free, it ain't free
Most won't measure up to what you need them to be
Water under bridges
Save a little extra paying for your last two semesters
Beer's not for breakfast. Groggy session
Endless loops induce reflection
90 on the FDR
Sun, moon, and stars breaking through fog at the same time
Rays cut like glass shards. Spar harder
It's all honor

[Hook]