The Reavers (ft. Vordul Mega and billy woods) - “Web”
[Produced by DR. MONOKROME and Bond (AKA 007)]

[Intro: Vordul Mega]
Freedom reign.  Let freedom reign.  Yeah.  Going through the pain.  Yo.  Going through the pain

[Verse 1: Vordul Mega]
From blocks of classic kicks and pigs
Searching for stacking bricks.  When cops
Check our Air Force 1's, mostly
Catching those that get a little something
But we all got big things to live for
Like houses with high ceilings, getting by
Watching the sky as the world turns
And we got Earth, the worms spitting out words
Inspired by the ways we live.  Wild thorns
Constantly travel the mind.  I only got
Time for my peeps and bombing beats
Coming from where monsters creep at nighttime
It’s full of a lot of crimes.  Knowing problems
Could shorten a lifeline, we write rhymes
Making those problems bite-sized, stay
Wise and pray for better ways to make
It through days.  Got a craving to blaze
And amaze where everybody’s going crazed
Crazed, crazed, crazed, crazed, crazed

[Hook: Vordul Mega]
Yo, caught in a web, we weave ill thoughts
In our heads, burning weed.  Taught
You can’t believe everything you see living in
The mysteries of pain and misery
Lies and misbelief, deceit
Trials and tears, but we made it through the years
Caught in a web, we weave ill thoughts
In our heads, burning the weed
Taught you can’t believe everything you see
Living in the mysteries of pain and misery
In misery

[Verse 2: billy woods]
What you putting in my ear?  That’s exactly
What I ain’t trying to hear.  Either I get it right here
Or it’s back snatching scraps out there.  There’s plenty
Of time for coke, beers, smoking squares
But failing from fear?  Exactly what
I ain’t trying to hear.  Pockets bare.  I’ve been there
So everything else is water.  Once I get upstream
It’s gonna be a slaughter.  No quarter
As nothing given how I’m living
How you living it?  Fuck calling in SIMs
Fuck going to prison.  Fuck dirty trains
With dancing children rattling cups of change
Irking my brain, labels jerking my chain
Unstable.  Gun control turned jerks to lames
Co-d’s fit you in frames
Arrange marriage of niggas in pain.  Worn on
Crisp sleeves, all we know is rain
And stormy weather.  That’s why I don’t sport leathers
Gore-Tex to the neck keep my head
Above the water table.  I got short of cable
A couple extra channels, bedding, gray wool
In door panels.  Able to flame wax
Like candles.  Post-apocalyptic
Dimension vandals.  You fucking with these niggas
We’ll knock you out your sandals

[Hook: Vordul Mega]
Caught in a web, we weave ill thoughts
In our heads, burning weed.  Taught
You can’t believe everything you see living in
The mysteries of pain and misery
Lies and misbelief, deceit
Trials and tears, but we made it through the years
Caught in a web, we weave ill thoughts
In our heads, burning weed
Taught you can’t believe everything you see
Living in the mysteries of pain and misery
Caught in a web