[Verse 1:]
Fresh out of a love fest
Pissing in the cup
I give a fuck about a drug test
Charlie Sheen in it!
I’m biwinning, fucking five women
Fuck the maid who came and changed my linens
All I do is win when I’m playing this game
Porn star chicks, dirtier than shit stains
Wow!
I got tiger blood running through my thick veins
And two and a half men, that’s my dick’s name!
Winning!
Running trains porn slut conducted the mighty duck hockey motherfucker bro ask my brother
Nobody controls Chuck, the only CBS I fuck's with nowadays
Coke Bearing sluts!
I use a blender, I use a vacuum
I use coke on vaginas in a bathroom!
Wining!
I’m gonna hang with these smoky hotties
While your kids whip over your exploded bodies
Like yeah I’m on a drug
Is called Charlie Sheen
I do in real life what you do in your dreams!
Tiger in my ventricle
Center full booty in my tentacles
Two million in an episode, what did you expect?
Dying is for fools, I just win and have sex
Which of these women have necks?
Interviews smoking cigarettes, I’m running trains on dames you jerk off to on the internet!
Yeah I had a family, I got a warm heart
Let’s play find Charlie’s dick, where is it?
Hint: its in a porn star, uh
I make Casey Jordan get like eight abortions
While I snorted her portion up off the porcelain and lost endorsements
Join the team, I got a couple bottles in me
I’m a coke machine, Charlie Sheen!
Winning!
You can't handle my type of drugs
Uh, put the pussy in the tiger blood
I only got one speed, that’s go
Invite my ex-wife over am I sober? No!
Now I got more head than a totem poll and duh
Winning!
Too much to overdose!
Put the yayo in the pipe, put the pipe to the flame
I just blinked and I cured my brain
Came to party here and to drop a couple millie
Now I’m fucking with these groupie eyed armless children
Charlie Sheen!
I’ a monster, bro
I already conquered everywhere you want to go
Plus I convert tin cans into pure gold
And the only MC that I’m down is The Spose!
Im freakin' on bitches are eager to get it up in it .... blow
Im quitting the business to give em the dick and im jizzing on bellies of hoes. Im Sheen and Im mean .... give me 3 million a show. Got the blood of a tiger if fucking like five of the smoking hotties you know

[Outro:]
I'm not from this particular terrestrial realm
Charliton
A noble men
King Charles peasants Im fucking all the peasants