[Intro: Cam Groves]
Yo, Cam Groves and I'm back in that ass
Cam Groves
P Dank, motherfuckers, P Dank
Yo, Envy on the beat
Cam Groves and I'm back in that ass
Wells, Maine

[Verse 1: Cam Groves]
Remember when Velour was cool?
No? Well that's what I wore to school
All I ever could afford to do
Was go to the store and drool over Jordan shoes
Then [?] people wonder why they're cool
And I learned it took more than hundred dollar shoes
Pants sagging, haven't switched the stance
At least I'm not a hipster in my sister's pants (Fag)
Damn, Cam, baby, tall and thin
I give a fuck about the car that you're ballin' in
It all depends what I ball point pen
Girl, when we break up, I'ma call your friend
‘Cause when the day comes I appeal to fans
I'll be fending off women with a shield in hand
Put your hands up if you're feeling Cam
And wave 'em all around like a ceiling fan

[Interlude: Mr. Harps]
Mic check, one two (Doc Joshua!)
I like the sound of that
Check, check, check
Want me to drop it this time?
Mr. Harps (Fuck you!)

[Verse 2: Mr. Harps]
Almost out of high school, evening, driving high beams
1995, blasting Raekwon's "Ice Cream"
Watch as [?] speed off and dodge the cops
Two twelves an alpine this Pontiac Grand LeMans
Uncle [?] shotty, quoting "La Di Da Di"
That's when music was the shit and I'm not talking potty
Hotties [?] skills [?] rhyme set
I already clenched the scene, I wasn't even on my grind yet
Fast forward fifteen, sick performance, healthy
Hardest workin' man in Maine and pop, I don't even have an LP
Who else be on a plane with Cam, Spose?
But unless security searches again, they say I can't go
Damn, yo, I got plans at home
Promoting the [?] Sandbag and khaki show
Now that's a pro, two in the confessional
Because I rock with the smash music festivals, what?

[Interlude: Spose]
Spizzy Spose in this motherfucker, suck a dick!
Lick my balls and my nuts and my ball sack
I do it for the kids
Peter Sparks

[Verse 3: Spose]
Wells till Hell, 207 till Heaven
Who you know blows rhymes? I'm tighter than a crevice
Flow cold like Winter with no clothes
Game flipped upside down like a snow globe
Still grounded like flights in a blizzard
Me and Groves rolled those, late nights with the scissors
So adamant, scheming out loud
SBs on the ottoman, slacking not allowed
Perform long sets till my wallet convex
Pirated my shit, now I'm on deck, John Depp
Be attentive to the things I say
And this time next year, you could be in my place, bub
‘Cause by then, I'll have vacated it and skated
To a place with nice drapes and catering (Crab cakes)
I made a big dog out of small cat
Pete Sparks, lick my balls and my nuts and my ball sack
And my nuts