[Intro: B. Aull]
Me and Spizzy Spose, we the main attraction
Less about the actin', more about the action
Said me and Spizzy Spose, we the main attraction
Less about the actin', more about the action

[Verse 1: B. Aull]
Yeah, get a load of this shit
Recitin' that fire, when I retire might be lipless
And all you dipshits is on my hit list
Dismiss you with the quickness
Make artists tryin' to rob ya
Only rapping is on Christmas
Heavy flow, my time of the month is every day
Killin' it each and every way
With every word I say, I'ma spray
'Cause I'm spitting, matter of fact
I'm hocking loogies, I'm pretty groovy
While these other dudes is fruity like smoothies
And girlies tryin' to catch me like cooties
Exposing they boobies, no, I'm not a newbie
When it comes to getting the booty, so excuse me
While I do me, your words can't discourage
I proceed to flourish and stay nourished by the green, like a florist
This is what I do, son
This is my life and if you hating, you're a nuisance
I don't need the drama, I'll find you, Futurama
Dudes tryin' to jack me, wait pause, like a comma, hey

[Hook: B. Aull]
2-0-7 Heaven
Until the day I die, yeah, I rep the 2-0-7
I get a certain satisfaction when I see their reaction
They know we the main attraction

[Verse 2: B. Aull]
"B. Aull" is the name, coming from Saco, Maine
Yeah, you know I'm never forgetting from where I came
So I guess that means I'm never forgetting your girl
Rockin' her world, half black & half white I gave her that swirl
I can tell something's brewin' like it's Boston
I'm thorough in every borough and no, I'm never floppin'
Like my name was Anderson, matter of fact, I'm Anakin
Rocking red [?] my flow is never parishin'
Farris in myself, [?] and [?] get along
See for me, it's no days off while I'm writing all these songs
'Cause I got a vision, I'm attacking with precision
Making decisions like a surgeon does incisions, you know I'm on a mission
They're saying that I'm destined but nah, I'm just persistent
'Cause my existence is heavily weighted on my consistence
I got the skill to kill, you know that I will
The talent limitless and I ain't even swallow a pill, hey

[Hook: B. Aull]
2-0-7 Heaven
Until the day I die, man, I rep the 2-0-7
I get a certain satisfaction when I see their reaction
They know we the main attraction

[Verse 3: Spose]
Me? I'm from the seashore
The rock coast that rock most
Don't record with three fourths
So we course from Eastport to York and back
Shorter cat, raps got him harder than a tortoise back
Cop a quarter sack without a Jordan hat
But I like mics, pause, smart enough to write laws
I say what I do for work, then you tell me, "Nice job"
Spoke like where you'd find a bike lock
The only one rapping in Maine you could find sitting on some British iPods
I give you the kibosh
At Hibachi eating sushi diced raw
This rap dude will have statues when I stop
You think it's a croc like the logo on the Izod
I think you're more vagina than a street clog with G spots, you weak sauce
And I been dope since thirteen, with Reeboks
Before Beyoncé got Jadakiss, like D-Block
You think it's fun and games until I'm not playin'
I'm a chump if you take the "u" out and put a "a" in, from the 2-0-7

[Hook: B. Aull]
2-0-7 Heaven
Until the day I die, man, I rep the 2-0-7
I get a certain satisfaction when I see their reaction
They know we the main attraction