[Intro]
(Ladies and gentlemen, are you ready for) Spose?
(Yeah he wanna hear you, are you ready for) Spose?
(Well ladies and gentlemen, without further ado, we will have for you, Mr.)
Pe-Peter, Peter, Peter Spark-Sparker
Dank-Dankonia, Sparker, Dank-Dankonia
Rocking with the townfolks – Peter Spark-Sparker, Peter Peter
Dank, Dank (Southernplayalisticadillacmuzik)
P. Dank in the building until it falls down
I-I'm, I'm Spose
I-I'm, I'm Spose
Fuck that, turned backs, bigger hat
Dankonia, ba-bars, bars, bit bars
(We just letting you know we here to stay)
Bit bars, Da-Da-Dankonia
Bit, bit, bit bars, Peter Spark-Sparker
Da-Da-Dank, Dankonia

[Hook]
We've been waiting all year, we've been waiting all day
We've been waiting all month, we've been waiting always
We've been waiting for it
Welcome to Dankonia
Welcome to Dankonia
We've been waiting all year, we've been waiting all day
We've been waiting all month, we've been waiting always
We've been waiting for it
Welcome to Dankonia
Welcome to Dankonia

[Verse]
Pan down from the pine trees, high, where you'll find me
High, with the Visine, hot, since the 90s
Misfit weirdo, [?] on the bureau, see these piles of tapes?
And I'm back for the past with a pack full of tracks, Outkast [?]
I'm still kissing the sky, huggin' the plant
Still represent the people that the Government can't
Still blunt in the hand, still comin' again
Still touring and competin', eatin' grub in the van
Mr. S to the P-I-Z-Y, be my guest
If you wanna just pass me the Backwood
Wrapped and book me a two time sweatshirt
Covered in the hair from the feline, I'm ba-ack
I don't lie when I spit, I rhyme fa-a-a-acts (Fuck that)
I'm from the Northeast, where the peeps lack teeth
Where families are inbred like yeast
But they smile in the portrait, violent divorces
Plants in the house, got ants in the couch
Where the single dads workin' just to snuggle the kids
And the single moms twerkin', workin' double the shifts
If you don't got no money, you don't get to compete
So the shit is in me to rep the citizen [?]
So they listen to my vision when it's hittin' a beat
Because I spit for the weak till I'm forbidden to speak
It's Dankonia, looking opposite of California
East of route NH3, but not Ammonia

[Outro]
You know what I'm saying? We just really trying to revive the whole Hip-Hop game