[Intro]
Popular, you're gonna be popular!
(Oh Snap, it's like glee up in here)
You're gonna be popular, you're gonna be popular!
(We smoked it all volume 2!)
You're gonna be popular, I'll have you be popular!
I'll have to be popular, I'll have you be popular!
(Yeah!) I'll have you be...

[Verse 1: Spose]
I can't front dude, I wanted to be popular
Scrawny with no ladies on me, lurking where the lockers were
Like what I got to do to be the topic of the gossipers
To get all eyes on me like I was binoculars
Pops had me raised on computers I was nerdy
Popularity holy as football jerseys
Which I didn't wear (wear)
Dandruff in my hair (hair)
Not exactly the prescription to get chickens getting bare
And acne I wasn't exempt
I had dots on my face, looking like a 'ssassination attempt
But now let me give you the history of how they went from dissing me
To kissing me, to missing me. Despite all my deficiencies
I started rhyming daily in my freshman year
And by the time I graduated I was the best of my peers
So I pulled into that parking lot, late for my exam
With that bass loud enough to make the deaf chick glance
I was...

[Hook]
Popular, You're gonna be popular!
You're gonna be popular,You're gonna be popular!
You're gonna be popular, I'll have to be popular!
I'll have to be popular, I'll have to be popular!
I'll have to be....

[Verse 2: Cam Groves]
I'll take you back as the minute hang o's
It's the same Cam Groves in my name brand clothes
Only back then, I wore 'em even bigger
I was just a little wigger in my Tommy Hilfiger (Holla!)
Had an older sister so I never got my ass kicked
Backwards cap like my hat did a backflip
Before I knew about girls and their drama
I remember spinning bottles with a Sarah or a Shana
Or a Jacky
Before the acne
Trying to get the fastest lap speed at the trackmeet
Before I had these dreams of the main stream
Working on my jump shot, tryin' to make the A-Team (swish)!
At the movies with the cuties just to hold hands
Kept my hands low when step' into a slow dance
Oh man, being cool I really wanted it
And even back in school still knew I was gonna get...

[Hook]