[Verse 1: Spose]
"One, two," said a cop, "three"
Found a murder weapon in his hand, he said, "It's not me!"
(America!) Wanna stop me? Get a less hot beat
I made a couple hundred grand and they told me that talk's cheap
So careful who you listen to
I see who you pretend to be, I know that it isn't you
(We're locking up your role models)
The conditions that they're living through
Make 'em wanna get a gun and drop white like pigeon poop

[Chorus: Spose]
Live from the spot where the slave boats park
We replaced 'em with a yacht (take a picture of it)
Getting oil, can't stop
Got the waste mountain climbing, we gon' take it to the top
(To the top!) Hands for the money
(Hands down) Hands without food
(Hands up) I know you kids looking hungry
(Give it up, give it up, give it up) We gon' need that too

[Verse 2: Spose]
Hot dogs, Michael Phelps, baseball
Racism, classism, H-bombs, napalms (I pledge allegiance)
Bud Light, revolution, bravery
Lynch mob, burnt cross, segregation, slavery (USA!)
Listen children, open up the syllabus
White people landed here and then they started killing it
Blood and innocence under the soil of the villages
A country made of immigrants that don't want any immigrants
(Build a wall) Flag waving in the sky, what it symbolize?
Mountain made of bodies, had to die for the enterprise
So yes, protest, but guys, that is ill-advised
The poor not ready for a war if it did arise (they not ready!)
Bulletproof vest fashion, yeah, we civilized
Fliest right here, militarized, you feel the vibe?
Let's get a babysitter and shelter to chill inside
And hope she gets me off like a cop when he kill a guy
Move aside the curtain of pollution
Type a status 'bout it, say you'll do shit, you don't do shit
Red, white, and blue, the decoration's made of bruises
Uncle Sam is drinking night and day, he gets abusive
Life's a bitch but you thirst for the juices
Learn the ropes just so you can turn 'em into nooses
Speak about it and we gonna make you feel doofus
'til you get reclusive or you chuck the deuces

[Chorus: Spose]
Live from the spot where the slave boats park
We replaced 'em with a yacht (that's America)
Getting oil, can't stop
Got the waste mountain climbing, we gon' take it to the top
(To the top!) Hands for the money
(Hands down) Hands without food
(Hands up) I know your kids looking hungry
(Give it up, give it up, give it up) We gon' need that too
We gon' need that too

[Outro: Dave Gutter]
America the beautiful, America the great
America's a funeral, America's a wake
America the beautiful!
Everything is usual, it usually fake
America's a sewer leak that drains into a lake
A cannery of tuna fish, still going for the cake
America's a crucifix, a mix of love and hate
America the beautiful!