Sing like Bilal!
Spizzy, F-4
Sing-sing like Bilal!

They tell us sing like Bilal, dance like Justin
Rap like Lil' Wayne before he got busted
Keep your Jesus piece, diamond-encrusted
Cause when Jesus comes back that's how he's gonna judge it
(Sing-sing like Bilil!)
They're like how dare you
Not sell your heirlooms just to do what they're doin'?"
(How dare you?)
Then they're like go for the gold! Go buy the Gatorade
Dwayne Wade bought it, cue the tape, seas goin' ape
Don't you wanna be like him?
Even though on stilts you couldn't reach the rim
They tell us do what works, don't push the envelope
And you won't be shit if you're not up on the honor roll
They tell us do what you want, go where you wanna go
And then they arrest us when we're where the marijuana blows
But the truth is, the grades don't matter
It's about if you keep attacking after you've been tattered
Untatted or tatted, timid or fierce
Pierced or unpierced
They tell us don't be weird
Tell us buy what we buy, look like we do
Whip windows opaque but they're fake and see-through
Bunch of robots - R2D2s
Quick roll the clips of the Mr. Me Toos (Roll 'em!)
They tell us have a heart, while they're ripping us apart
As they hold a spade, shallow grave dug up in the dark
Tell us go to clubs, buy all the diamonds
They tell us to get a degree, Spose, stop rhymin' (Stop rhymin')
They tell us that the money is important (Money!)
They tell us that's the only reason mom didn't get an abortion
(Sing-sing like Bilal!) (Oh, really?)
They tell us vote for the lesser of two evils
And we don't relate to both people (Nope)
Tell us just to look like them, look at their glutes
Their Buicks, look how their fucking suits are hemmed (Wow!)
They tell us that the cash rules everything around (CREAM!)
But you gotta get an M to be completely sound (Oh...)
They tell us what they want us to know
Hide the rest in Antarctica (They'll never find it here!)
Bury it in the snow
They tell us be a man or act like a lady
Or buy this Volvo or buy the Mercedes (It's on sale!)
They got something nice in the price bracket
If you check your local dealership out, they might have it
They tell us walk this way, talk this way
What not to wear, what not to say
How much is too much and who's the enemy
Who should get the jail time and what should be the penalty? (Death!)
So I tell them: lick my grundle
Rhymes by the bundle, go tell your uncle (Tell him what?)
That my DJ cuts so gross
Like the arms on a kid with a suicide note
Spizzy Spose

(Sing-sing like Bilal!)