[Verse 1: Eyenine]
This is a wake up call for the people that listen
To terrible rappers and act like it's different
Than having a favorite member of Nickelback
Only in rap can you fake that you're gifted
With an image appealing to youth
It isn't important, to tell you the truth
Just drink, smoke up, get laid and party
To Hell with a future, go grab some Bacardi
It's hardly advice for life after college
But here's to the night I might have to vomit
Knowledge is worthless and learning's for suckers
At least that's the message they're spreading to others
I'm sorry, did I miss the point?
I couldn't read between the lines about spliffs and joints
Maybe there is some fragment of substance
From this otherwise tragic injustice

[Verse 2: Spose]
Hm, no, probably not
But I'm not telling 'em what's got to stop
I love when their song's all dot to dot
They got the video with the pop and lock
They got gold on the mold, don't stop the rot
Just go to the dealership, cop the drop
You be a commandant, get the ambiance
You got the entourage, they got Cîroc
We're flipping and grabbing the remote control
And then changing the channel to wake up the coma
They'll push other people to try to be different
Divide it from hiding inside of the system
While you make it rain on the ground with dollars
Rapping like, "Girl, pop that pussy for our founding fathers!"
That shit is ignorant

[Hook: Spose]
What did you drive? Who's that ho?
I can't stop thinking 'bout it, I wanna know
What did you drink? What did you smoke?
I can't stop thinking 'bout it, I wanna know
What are those kicks? Where'd you get those clothes?
I can't stop thinking 'bout it, I wanna know
I wanna know
I wanna know why you can't seem to say anything when you...

[Verse 3: Spose]
Flew up out some party
Clothes on some Barbie
Matthew passed from the shrapnel blast
Through his ass 'cause you joined that army
And I know Erin, she got molested
Then she went and got tested
And it came back positive, he got her on the ottoman
And then he never got arrested
This shit's real life, it's not real nice
For a dear wife who fears nights
One time, hit her with the steel pipe
On her bruises, that's real ice
No diamonds, nobody rhymin'
But alone for the home, just a chrome to the dome
Get blown in the bones, that's violence
Shit, let me bring Eyenine in, he's like:

[Verse 4: Eyenine]
To the people that think that we're jealous
Because we don't buy everything that they sell us
I guess you forget that we come from a time
When good music defined generations, so tell us
How a bubble gum, jello time rhyme can impress
If they never do it live, 'cause they don't have the breath
Yet their vocals connect like a poke in the chest
To a crowd that can never get a moment of rest? (Oh!)
Whatever happened to talent?
It used to be bad but at least there was balance
For every damn rapper that actually surfaced
Another would smother his badness with purpose
But back to the present, where lack of an essence
Of actually having a practical message, I'm baffled
This is happening frequently
It isn't a secret we're losing a battle

[Hook: Spose]
What did you drive? Who's that ho?
I can't stop thinking 'bout it, I wanna know
What did you drink? What did you smoke?
I can't stop thinking 'bout it, I wanna know
What are those kicks? Where'd you get those clothes?
I can't stop thinking 'bout it, I wanna know
I wanna know
I wanna know why you can't seem to say anything when you go