[Intro]

Is this microphone working? Uh okay. We’re gathered here today before almighty God to bear witness, the divine ministry of none other than our personal saviour and redeemer — his collection plate runneth over with the righteousness of our Lord — our spiritual leader, Reverend Brimstone!

[Verse 1: Jehst]

The cult leader approach the mic for religious sermon
Followers pledge their lives I might know the whereabouts of that missing person
Any place of worship
I will simply commandeer for my business purpose
I establish churches
Offer access to God
A specific service
I need a couple high-profile Hollywood stars to submit their earnings
The villagers build a wicker man in the wilderness for ritualistic burnings
Pedal fear for all nations I got the gospel translations in many different versions
I can exorcise all your demons
Be redeemed of all your sins and your sick perversions
So please allow me to present my doctrine
One in a lifetime offer of what I’m literally offering, this sacrificial offering
Read the small print from all of my disciples
I demand a donation of offspring
Suicide Kool Aid make you taste the concoction
Take your place in the coffin

[Hook: Eric Biddines]

I should hold my brain [?]
A whole lotta brain [?]
There’s a hole in my pain [?]
I was ashamed
If all else fall on me
I hope it maintain
It’s like my back against the wall
I can’t satisfy all in here [?]

[Verse 2: Kashmere]

The L. Ron
Hells to bells when the L’s gone
It felt strong channelling Daimon Hellstrom
Hardly handsome
More in common with a ghastly phantom
Elaine Burtons want the corpse like I’m Charlie Manson
Tell the welder, fires of hell swell to melt ya
A harbinger of death
Helter-skelter
Divine smash
Multiple concubines in the stash
David Koresh in the flesh
It’s raining ash
A cult leader, witnessing sinister paragon
A cult leader, uh, Minister Farrakhan (salam)
Apocalypse swag swung in action
I simply move the date along when it doesn’t happen
Sixty percent of your cheques to cop the fucking mansion
Bled your souls in a cup and then I fucking drank ‘em
Twenty sons, twenty daughters and another hatchling
Brainwashing them all cos I’m a loving captain
I’m bored of this shit, you got me talking business
I caught a mission from God, I’m bout to torch a village

[Hook]

[Outro: James Earl Jones in Conan the Barbarian]

That is strength, boy. That is power. What is steel compared to the hand that wields it? Look at the strength in your body, the desire in your heart, I gave you this! Such a waste. Contemplate this on the tree of woe. Crucify him