Verse:1

I wanna take you to a zone, put you in a position that you ain't never been up on
Once I get you back to my place it's gone be over Ima be the one that you bragging to your folks
I'm the one to say I'm gone. Do you better than who ever that hit it before this song
Cuz when the lights dim and we burning incense lavender candles smell in the air to set the mode
You got that freaky side I know. I wanna bring it out and do it and lay it all on the floor
I'm talking playing with your toes spreading your fingers licking between them like I do it down low
You smelling good and I suppose. That you ready to be put on the platter to eat you whole. And suck the juices from the flavor that you making this a movie I'm making I'm telling you girl

Hook:

And we gone dim the lights real low. And put the fire to the candles
And we gone burn some incense yeah
Lil momma can you handle, wow wow


Verse:2

I'm thinking do you like to slow grind. Do you like it in the middle double fast time
Are you the one that when I grab I, gotta tell you to be quite because you're that loud
I bend you over to the back side grabbing your waist and pulling you nearer shawty that's right
And getting scratches like a cat fight digging in the back of my body I'm getting mad stripes

Feeling for something that you in. I'm hoping wiling maybe try bout anything then again. What type of moment are we in
Are you looking for somebody that can father you a kid. Are you just fucking to be fucking cause you can. You already have a man. I'm think on and again. Is it just a one night thing is it again and again gone in the wind
Do you know if I'm alone, maybe a nigga  that hit it don't pick up the phone. Just as fast as I came before you cum I may be gone. Leaving you with nothing but your thong
But she ain't thinking bout a damn thing. She know the stuff she giving me is qualoty and she got damn game
I guess the lavender candles done did its duty. Because I Accidently put the tip of my tongue in her booty

Hook: