Verse:1

Here I go come back again. For the 15 time
Ran up my electrical bill. Coulda damn near died

I don't know anyone here. Probably slipped my mind.No one but me do I fear. And I don't like I

Nigga got haters in church. They gone hate you u in hell. I wanna live to 100. Already got no hair

I been waiting for so long and I let to much rappers in here make a song. And to get them a deal when I been underground and I do apologize I was taking to long. Aye

No I do not smoke or drink. Appreciate you thanks. Shout out to Hilary banks. Had a crush since 8
Don't you know that I got folk. Nigga from palm beach. I'm reppin south FLA. Florida on the beat
Nigga u know u can read. Nigga know you can think. You don't have not 1 idea. How you manage to blink

Many would say that I'm weird and I got too much time to be talking my shit and if I had a lot to accomplish or prove then I probally wouldn't be broke as a bitch

Hook:

All I do is run my mouth yeah I talk a lot of shit. Yeah I talk a lotta stuff but I always get it did
If you heard about me then you know what it is

We ain't worried bout whatchu worried bout x4

Verse:2

I'm so planetcoffeebean. Better check my name
You better join the right team. While it's not too late
Being cool got in my jeans. Came from my DNA
Momma you looking so mean. Do my breath smell stank
I'm bout to get some more golds. Never talkin ain't cheap.When you be talking to me. It Better be about cheese

Don't wanna make this bout money but money the only thing I wanna make and I do owe my momma a shit load of money cuz she been supporting me since the first day

Chillin with Nigel and nick. Just got a call from Tgreen. We bout to go do a show . FiNNA hit London again
What do y'all think of my shirt. Flyer then elephant wings.Elephants not supposed to fly. Nor chickens or the penguins
You do not have to reply. I sent that by a mistake
I was on I-95. No one drove in my lane

No one can do what I do cuz I don't have a clue bout the shit that I did and I probably won't know what ima do next cuz I can't tell the future but it's gone be big

Hook:

Verse:3

Hop out a Chevy on 20's wit birthday the same day as Jordan got to NBA with the mic my hand I can do what I wanna  nobody can stop me can't get in my way
Man I looking for trouble you got it I live on the borders of danger don't want to play safe. If a fall and I fail and I do not achieve what I set out to do then I hope I can say

Hook: