Motto chikazukitai
Motto majiwari tai
Kimi o sukui tai
Kimi o kowashitai
Ai shite mo mada too sugite
Hifu ga JAMA surunda itsu demo
Making love NEGATIVU ga mau kono sekai de
In the passion obore yuku boku o tasukete yo
Atsui KISS de
Motto dakishimetai
Motto KISS shitai
Ai shite mo mada kowaresou de
Kokoro ga harisakesou da yo
Making love umareta mama no sono sugata de
In the passion towa ni zutto tokeatte itai
Making love kimi no atsuku nureta hada ni wa
In the passion karei na kono yubi no mai ga niau
Making love kimi o aiseru nara sutete mo ii subete o
In the passion kimi o dakishimerareru nara
Making love kimi no sono subete ni KISS o shite eien ni
In the passion ima sugu kimi ga hoshii
Making love atsui futari no iki michibiite subete o
In the passion KARAMI au futari no NIOI
Making love kimi no sono subete ni KISS o shite eien ni
In the passion kesshite hanasanai yo
Making love kimi o aiseru nara kagayakeru yo eien ni
In the passion futari wa mou tomararenai
ENGLISH:
I want to get even closer to you physically
I want to get even closer to you mentally
I want to save you
I want to destroy you...
I love you so much
But you're too far away
Our very skin always gets in the way
Making Love in this world where the 'Negative' does its dance
In the Passion I continue to drown
Save me with your hot Kiss
I want to hold you even more
I want to kiss you even more
I can never love you enough
I feel that I'm going to break in your passion
My heart is tearing in your passion
Making Love... Being the way nature made us when we were born
In the Passion... I want to melt into you forever
Making Love... I want to melt into your hot, wet body
In the Passion... The dance of your beautiful fingers suits so well...
Making Love... As long as I can love you, I would let everything else go to hell
In the Passion... If I could hold you
Making Love... I'd hold all of you, kiss all of you...for all time
In the Passion... I want you right now...(!!!)
Making Love... Our hot breaths will guide everything
In the Passion... Our scents will intertwine
Making Love... I will kiss every part of you, forever
In the Passion... I will never ever let you go
Making Love... As long as I can love you, we can shine on forever
In the Passion... No, we will never ever stop...