I've been the one in my mind, it's your time to realize
I.. kill lines and spill rhymes im in this shit until i die
This trippy shit like tie-dye and I'm sky high like wifi
And this beat bump so i beat it up, TV it up like sci-fi
This poetry, you ain't notice me
Tons of verses, got more to speak
Fuck a place i got goals to meet
Surfin' flows like "totally"
I'm sticking out like rosery
@DoubleEKay you know it's me
This how rap's suppose to be
Dope sounds got a dose of me
I'm just fucking with this beat tho
I'mma superman no heroes
I'm racking up from these zeroes, I'm far from reaching my peak tho
Tons of shit i got on the way. bunch of tracks, more vids to make
Freestyle in my crib for days, meanwhile they got shit to say
Fuck it tho it's all business, killing the game and ya'll witness
Ya'll fuckin' up and ya'll suckin' up, you don't toughen up, cause ya'll bitches
Ya'll sound the same and I'm different. every track is so endless
This shit bang when I'm piffin. get blown and i know you sippin' (repeat x4)

Okay, i'm stayin' up and writin' as i float i feel enlightened
Ain't nobody on they shit, i was stayin' quiet, now i fight it
Stayin' focused on my life, i'm in a zone that was invited
Puttin' in work but they don't site it, so i break it then i light it
Turnin' emotions into rage... i write another page
Sittin' here trynna' tame, my toughts from all this craze
I.. blaze to stay sane, that haze just give me faith
But my soul bring my words all together at a pace
See, nobody gives a fuck so trust nobody's talk
Cause lately all at once, it's been to much to even walk
Steadily, but heavily, i turn depression into lots
Of exhilarating feels from the kill that i got
Ridin' in that such and such we so up..
Ri-ri-ridin' in that truck, we puffin' so much
My stuff is rolled up, i'm up, like so what
We bu mp and go up like dranks so throw cups
It's me myself and i, don't ya'll hoes know us?
I hold ya' girl hair back when she finna' throw up
From that yack we even smashed like.. we were old cups
Put some peace to ya' head but the duece ain't throwed up
Fuck it tho it's all business, killing the game and ya'll witness
Ya'll fuckin' up and ya'll suckin' up, you don't toughen up, cause ya'll bitches
Ya'll sound the same and I'm different. every track is so endless
This shit bang when I'm piffin. get blown and i know you sippin' (repeat x4)