[Intro: Masta Ace]
If you workin' on it, whatever you're doing . . . I hope it's gonna be done soon, cause it's about that time. Let's go."

[Hook 1: Dion Jenkins]
Did you know, did you know?
We took this straight from the garden
Give it now, give it
If we don’t hit the target
It’s the beginning
We going back where it started
It’s the beginning
If we don’t finish hard

[Verse 1: Masta Ace]
I been out here tryna save us
Since the first wack shit signed to majors
Ever since Hammer danced on stages
And Word Up magazine and Rap Pages hit the stands
I learned how to get the fans
Learned how to build shit with my hands, from the ground up
Foundations laid down, turn the sound up
But look how this shit wound up
After doing everything a man could ever do
It didn’t really matter much, I never knew
The game was so cold, I should’ve worn my big parka
‘Cause when you think you see the light, that’s when it gets darker
But in my heart though, I do believe
If you put out more love than you receive
It’s bound to come back around eventually
And that’d be the day when you mention me

[Hook 2: AG]
Prepare for glory
I love my life
And if it ain’t a struggle than it ain’t a story
And if it ain’t real than don’t record me
Carry the torch for those before me
I fall, I rise, I crawl, I fly
And either way it go, we come back better
Now we laugh forever

[Verse 2: A.G.]
Life’s so varied, the days get heavy
Escape into a zone, my soul take control
Fall, rise, then fall, I rise
Repeat these steps until they call my demise
Torae told me keep flaming ‘em homie
A class by myself, some days I get lonely
Success got me numb
But the failure make it realer than before
What I scribble so visual
Wrote it in blood, tears spilling on the floor
Dancing in the rain, throw a party when you’re poor
I’m raw, R-A-W
A terrorist here to bring trouble to the
The days that came, I ain’t been the same
A permanent flat-top fade on my brain, I’m high
And it’s not from the weed I inhale
‘Cause I made it and the feeling’s so rare

[Hook 2]

[Verse 3: Posdnuos]
This ain’t hood conquer-all rap
This ain’t player play a baller in all caps
And understand that one cop can’t stop no riot
One “shhh” can’t make the crowd no quiet
We feast on a diet of injustice
Pride been swallowed but won’t fall, a burnt down
Building in New York or the building’s that bombed
In Iraq is viewed like art on the wall
Through the eyes of a child with vision this blurred
A book never read be the song never heard
But the word is the purpose, we can’t stick together
If you let life become such a non-stick surface
Learn to walk cool before we learn to walk upright
Now know the game of society’s uptights
Who don’t want to see us derailed off the negative track
Like crabs in a barrel they want to pull you back
But life lesson’s got us progressin’
From ghetto to get-to, get to work
Get to freedom, nigga small
We push through gravity’s hold on it all

[Hook 2]

[Hook 1]

[Bridge: Dion Jenkins]
[?]

[Outro: Bob and Doug McKenzie]
“Okay, now you and I . . .”
“Yeah”
“. . . have to come up with an ending for this album.”
“Just end it.”
“We can’t do it. It’s gotta have . . .”
“There’s the ending right there. You’re yawning. Everyone’s bored to death. I know I am.”