[Intro: Masta Ace]

Yeah, what up?
Masta Ace, cedifra, Ms Murphy!
Shenlong on the Beat!

Let's go!

[Part 1: cedifra]

Es scheint echt normal zu sein. Unsere Wege kreuzten sich
Ich war jung und unerfahren, tat vieles falsch und leugne's nicht!
Ich fühl mich noch schuldig also glaub, dass dies mein Zeugnis ist
Hab ich dich verletzt so bereue ichs und freue mich
Wenn ich hör, es geht dir gut, dein Lächeln wieder Wärme hat
Der Winter aus dem Herzen wich und du in einer fernen Stadt
Deine Blicke schweifen lässt und zwischendurch auch meine siehst
Das hoffe ich zumindest, weil du niemals diese Zeilen liest
Ich schick meine Gedanken, doch sie lachen über mich!
Aber ich hör Ihnen nicht zu, denn sie wachen über Dich!
Und ich weiß es mittlerweile, oft verweil ich nicht aus Eile
Oft verteil ich zu viel Hiebe, schick Gedanken in die Seile!
Doch ich hab dich noch im Herzen, will dich rufen um zu zeigen
Dass wir bluten um zu leiden, doch die guten Zeiten bleiben
Du bist wunderschön, auch wenn du nicht mehr bist
Denn dennoch schenkst du mir ein Lächeln, ja auch wenn ich dich vermiss!

[Hook: Ms Muprhy]

I remember a time when the warmth of your eyes gave me life! Gave me life!
But that's all gone and I am sorry for what's been lost! Been lost!
For taking what was life, what was life!

[Part 2: Masta Ace]

I guess I really feel like, like I lost love
To be the boss what I paid for the cost of
In the course of tryna get my name well known in the game but it really was a short buzz!
Then it was over like a long day
I feel bad, every time I hear the song play!
Want it back but I'm doin it the wrong way!
It's like coming in the game wit the wrong play! (hey)
It's bad when you part ways - remember those do it for the art days?
We sure put it down on the underground
Now look down on the ground - that's where my heart lays!
I thought you would live forever - but I guess I shoulda known better!
It's funny how your hopes and your plans and your dreams unravel like a sewn sweater!
So I'm writing this long letter in the form of a hot verse!
Feel so bad when I lost you, but since then honestly it got worse!
I want you to come back - but I know that u long gone!
It's like I got the right verse written down on the page for the wrong song!
Cause this be an ode to - what u can't ever get back
Cause time's unkind to a man in the prime of his life, what a setback!
But I'm not gon let that get me to lose hope!
Cause all that fortune and fame in the game never been about who's dope
Nope

[Hook: Ms Muprhy]

I remember a time when the warmth of your eyes gave me life! Gave me life!
But that's all gone and I am sorry for what's been lost! Been lost!
For taking what was life, what was life!
For taking what was life!