[Intro]
They wanna be

[Verse 1]
So you wanna be hard core? (Yes)
Trap, shoot, sell, what the hell you need a job for? (Ah)
'Bout to make a little fortune
Headed for the moon, 'bout to pull up in a Porsche soon (Nice)
'Bout to have the newest hot song (Hot)
Jocks gon' love it, they gon' play it like a pop song
Rappin' with the curses (Huh), trappin' in your verses (Uh)
Trappin' while you rappin' so I guess it's like a rock song
So you wanna be Weezy? (Look)
Look at how he do it, make it look so easy
Wanna ball like Jeezy? (Umph)
IG models, yo, they look so sleazy (Sexy)
So you wanna try and link up?
It goes down in the DM, whatever you can think of
But they only choose (What?) brolic-ass dudes (Oh)
With a lotta tattoos, so you better get your ink up (What?)
So you wanna get a Maybach? (Yeah)
Studio friends wanna hear you on the playback
In a room full of yes men (Yes)
Met em last month, now you're sayin' they your best friend
Wanna pop a few Xanax? (Girls)
Meet a couple girls, maybe have a little fan sex
But the girl's really underage
And the her friends on the 'Gram actin' silly on your page

[Chorus]
They wan- they- they- they wan-
They- they- they- they- they- they wanna be
They wan- they- they- they wan-
They wanna be
They wan- they wan- they wan-
They wanna be
Wanna be, wanna be
Wanna be, wanna be

[Verse 2: Marlon Craft]
Yeah I wanna do that shit
Why wouldn't I make that money and screw that bitch?
Like who are you to judge me, shit are you that sick?
Do you got hits? Do they know you like "Are you that shit?"
Or are you another old, salty hater?
'Cause everyone I ever idolized said, "Get the paper"
And that's from trappers to the rappers to the fuckin' bankers
I be fillin' up with anguish
I don't recognize what pain is I need all the numb that fame gives
So I chase it to whatever degree
To arenas, these likes make me feel a better of me
I flex with grams on the 'Gram, shit, at least I'm consistent
Blame me for hit chasin', half you rappers was pitchin'
The same crime-fueled vision that you accuse me of livin'
So hell yeah I want a Xan, do you know what it's like
To not even know who I am? And to be without a plan?
And know somethin' could bring me fans that could justify all my scams
I was plottin' on with my mans?
Give me purpose, now I'm feelin' good
And you wanna take that from me 'cause the appeal ain't good?
See, truth is, I wanna be like you but ain't equipped
Can't conquer the difficult, I suffice with the dangerous
What kind of game is this? Y'all left this for me
I know there's a better way than this
So if I'm a wanna be, it ain't for none of the shit that you claim
'Cause all I wanna be is me, but that ain't part of the game
I'm just sayin'

[Chorus]
They- they wan- they wan-
The- the- the- they wanna be
They wan- they- they- they wan-
They wanna be
They wan- they wan-
They wanna be
They wanna be

[Verse 3: Masta Ace]
In summation, we a nation of generations
A variation of ages, we goin' through different stages
Same book, but we readin' from different pages
Enrolled in the same school, but studyin' different majors
Not sayin' you can't get a degree
But you're in need of a cheat sheet and you should get it from me
You see, life's what you make it, and can get it to be
It was me who paid that fee so you could get it for free
Look, it's so dangeorus when you dealin' with strangers
Started speakin' they language, now you're drivin' to vanquish
Not realizin' that you fell for the ok-
Back then, we fell for the Benzes, fell for the rope
Put some Gucci on the trench and we fell for the coat
But the game is still dirty when we yell for the soap
Y'all see it as jabs, y'all see us as dads
See us as concerned, don't see us as mad
Look, I get heated, the same mistakes are repeated
The hard-headed, conceited get broken down and defeated
It's not needed, 'cause it happened to us
Now your budget is almost gone, from rappin' to bust
These are words you can trust, but you try to refute
And none of it makes sense 'til it's time to recoup
In the meanwhile another will get anointed
We're honestly not bitter, no really, we're disappointed
Yeah

[Skit]
Yo, Strick, it's Ace
I just left the same message for Words
I um, met this kid
This producer kid
At the studio the other day
Young kid
He from Toronto
And uh
Yo, dude is kinda nice
He got some things
There's this one particular joint
I definitely need you to hear