(Intro)
For the hustlas, for the hustlas
For my hustlas, for my hustlas

[Pastor Troy talking]
Yeah
Aiyo, this your boy P.T. right
This for all them niggas down the road
Everybody staying down in this motherfucking game
??? real all my niggas
Much love out here for this song baby, for my hustlas

[Chorus]
For my hustlas
Niggas that ride for the yey (For my hustlas)
Niggas on the grind everyday (For my hustlas)
Niggas that be breaking the rules (For my hustlas)
Niggas wearing red and blue (For my hustlas)
Niggas with money on they mind (For my hustlas)
Hit the club fresh off the grind (For my hustlas)
Niggas that ride for P.T. (For my hustlas)
The D. the S. the G.B. (For my hustlas)

[Verse 1]
I started out at the bottom of the barrel homey (Yeah)
Had to deal with these fuck niggas hating on me (Yeah)
Hanging on me
We headed to the top
The big boy drop
Got me chilling on the block in Polo socks (Nigga)
The sun shining of my shade frame
Look who made it out the dope game (Yeah nigga)
From nicks to dimes
From dimes to quater keys
I stacked me some cheese and went to bumping these cd's
And now you see me on your tube live and direct
See a nigga swang through the bank, I'm cashing checks
Or better yet, I be shaking that motherfucker
From the ATL to Augusta
For my hustlas

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
All my niggas cross the state (For my hustlas)
All my niggas slanging that weight (For my hustlas)
Hire your best to flip it legit (For my hustlas)
Let the crackers sell that shit (For my hustlas)
All my niggas peeping the game (For my hustlas)
Niggas that want to have fame (For my hustlas)
Niggas that grind to pay bills (For my hustlas)
Niggas that grind to buy a meal (For my hustlas)
Niggas that ain't got no degree (For my hustlas)
Still making money (For my hustlas)
Niggas with fear of the Lord (For my hustlas)
Niggas in the 9th Ward (For my hustlas)
Niggas with ties to the streets (For my hustlas)
Niggas that ride with the heat (For my hustlas)
Niggas with 36 O's (For my hustlas)
Yeah nigga, the life I chose, for the hustlas

[Chorus]

Niggas in dirty clothes (For my hustlas)
Niggas with no love for hoes (For my hustlas)
Niggas making easy cheese (For my hustlas)
Niggas moving major keys (For my hustlas)
Niggas riding big body cars (For my hustlas)
Niggas they call trap stars (For my hustlas)
Niggas that hate ??? (For my hustlas)
Got the 88 with the beat (For my hustlas)
Niggas riding 30's and vogues (For my hustlas)
All my niggas down the road (For my hustlas)
All my niggas off in the fed (For my hustlas)
All my niggas busting heads (For my hustlas)
My niggas on the East side (For my hustlas)
My niggas on the West side (For my hustlas)
My niggas on the North side (For my hustlas)
South side, nigga we ride, for my hustlas

[Chorus]

[Pastor Troy talking]
Yo.....Yo.....Yo.....
Y'all know what's up
This ya boy, P.T. Cruiser
Representing for all them gangster ass hustlas
Everybody taking penetintary chances nigga
Y'all know what's up
D.S.G.B. got love for you baby
Whatever to make this shit happen
Get this motherfucker popping
Cause we ain't stopping
D.S.G.B. in this ho