[Verse 1]
Some gold Glock started as Castor (Castor)
Now nigga its the motherfuckin' Pastor (Pastor)
Ready to rapcha
Hittin' my slap shift
Sippin on the fifth
Let's burn another splif
Pussy rowling, ass end of the weed
Lick the barrel of my motherfuckin' Desert E's
And they ain't believe I'm on top of shit, straight rock ya shit
Ok fuck the props and shit
'Cause when it all falls down
I'm shooting everybody around
You better get down
You better take cover
It's Pastor Troy and I'mma kill a motherfucker
I just bought the Ferrari, fire red off the lot
Damn what kinda money y'all got?
And then I heard yo new cd it sound soft
Fuck witcha boy PT and Face Off (Face Off nigga)

[Chorus]
Who want war? (You ready?) Who want war? (We ready)
Who want war? (You ready?) Who want war? (We ready)
Who want war? (You ready?) Who want war? (We ready)
Who want war? (You ready?) Who want war? (We ready)

[Verse 2]
Verse 2 nigga, yeah
Even when I sin cast the first stone
Cross the line and get motherfuckin' rolled on
(blow) It's full blown, like motherfuckin' AIDS
Hand grenades
Mistakes you shouldn't made
But you did as a kid, a gunslinga
Mom and pops knew I would be a gang banga
But I ain't had to rock the red or rock the bluuue
I had a mil' before I hit twenty two
But look at you, you still workin' off fronts
You might as well sell blunts
Why don't you go post up in magic city
Sell cigars, while I'm tippin' me some titties
Naw you can go to LA and be gents
You can be the one who parks my Benz
If that's even what I'm driving
I got so many cars, don't know what to ride in (again)

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
I gotta lesson that y'all need to learn
Smith and Wesson, this court is adjourned
A bad perm and a seven page rap sheet
I came up out the fuckin' suite, now let's see
Fifty thousand, in the club wildin'
Everythang's free on ya boy PT
Ya' see, some out here just have to wait
God already prepared yo' plate
When circumstance, sealed like your last chance
Pray to the Lord and help you advance
And you can, and you can, and you can
And you can, until he comes again
To win don't always mean to come first
Don't wanna be first ridin' in a hearse
I rather live life, chill with the wife
This is my sacrifice (sacrifice)

[Chorus]