I'm on one, I'm on one
Who want one? Who want one?

[Hook]
I'm on one, girl I can't lie
I'm on one, who got them, guys?
I'm on one, girl I can't lie
Geeked up in the club, baby, we so high!

[Verse 1 - Gucci Mane]
In the club and this girl really dig me
Her lil baby brother wanna be like Gucci
Got a plasma screen chain like a 60'' movie
Shorty say "borin" - Gucci starts grooving!
Gnarly, Bob Marley, I'm smoking
No need to fix the flow: it's not broken
Hate Gucci Mane - is you rolling?
Bitch I might be, but I sure ain't broken
Gucci do the Gucci shoes, never do the pro-keds
So Icey Entertainment: call me young showbiz
Where did he go kid?
"Mama that's the Gucci Mane!
Can he be my step-daddy? Then we'll be icy!"
Shorty got swag, but her swag don't touch me
Underarm kush dogg, don't it smell musty?
Bart Simpson chain, mane, ?
Got a pound of purple kush, and It got no seeds
Bad boy Gucci Mane: stacking up groceries
Now I'm tryna bubble kush, now I got no sleep
Bad boy Gucci Mane: stacking up groceries

[Hook]
I'm on one, girl I can't lie
I'm on one, girl I can't lie
Geeked up in the club, baby, we so high!
Gucci!

The bitch go so dumb when she pop one
I got some Skittles in my bag if you want some
If you want one, bitch I'm the X-Man!
Riding 3 ?
I put em on a Superman and watch em get loose
When bitches come through, I tell em bring their girl too
It's swallow dick/truth, drink it like Grey Goose
They like who in the mini coop with the missing roof
I'm so high I can't see a thing
But it feels so good when I'm getting brain!
I'm high up in the sky
Whatever you demand, I supply, you can buy
My eyes so red, boy I'm so outta here
Is it really me? Or is it fuckin hot in here?

[Hook]
I'm on one, girl I can't lie
I'm on one, girl I can't lie
Geeked up in the club, baby, we so high!
Gucci!

[Gucci Mane]
I'm up in the club dogg, you don't wanna get none
Party pack of pills, man I gave your bitch another one
She took another one, ? getting dumber son
Put around a rubberband, tossed it to my brother's son
Gucci going half dogg, nigga you can smell me
Ajax nigga, what a playa ain't gon tell me?
Got a racer bike, it's sitting on a ki
Whole body roll though ?
Gucci Limp Bizket
Gucci Kid Rock
I don't take pills dogg, I just bought
Psych!
If you one of those guys
I'm fine, rolling Bentleys, bitch wanna be my wife
Call it G.B.D. chores, getting brain while I drive
Stellar Chevy rims on some skinny-ass tires
Call it G.B.D. chores, getting brain while I drive
Stellar Chevy rims on some skinny-ass tires