"Uh, Its the Remix
Ari Gold. We're Back
Thought I would change?
Never that
Brought a special guest this time around
Its my boy Terrance McQuewick
Ya dig? Uh, a one-two a one-two
This "blank"  is awesome James
We're gonna kill 'em with this one"

Verse 1 (Yves)
I'm hard. I'm hard. Bogarting yall hallway
Cuz I'm broad, Yall just broads. We both "broader than Broadway."
With regards, to moi, I'm taking up ALL LANES!
As far as yall, ya just broadsides
You're more Ahmad Rashad, stuffing ya insides
Just to get by, (I) bent the law. bent it over
Forgot to try Hashem , Allah or Jehovah
Case of the 'sposedtas (supposed to's)
The Good Book I need Holy Ghostes
Bent the Word. Gave the spine scoliosis
Prepared to air 'em out give 'em holy ghostes
He tripping he a leader don't he know he Moses
Where's the Love? Divas get no devotion
My Love left nigga no emotion

Hook - facetiously
Sugar. Honey. Iced. Tea. (SHIT)
M. I. Double crooked letter M. E. (Miss me)
H. E. Double Hockey Stick (Hell), would I say sorry for?
I'm Ari Gold
Yeah, nothing like the real thing yeah
(Nothing like it nothing like it)
There's nothing like the real thiiiiiing!

Verse 2 (Yves)
Do that shit. Do that shit. DO THAT!
I'm alluding to fact!
I'm never aloof from where the loot at!
Rothschild
Argyles in the boot packed, with clever ends
Sir Evelyn
The type of ends you could never spend
Sever friends certain shit you could never mend
You ever sin and the only evidence they could ever pin on you with a friend?
What he said again?
Nah, uh-uh, my nigga dead
I'm forever in-debted to him at last like Etta's hymn
I could beat ya score brethren I beat a score sentencing
The Lord dressed him in, blessings galore, CHRISTIAN Dior!
Guess I'm still special. Plus, I'm artistic
Real, real special. Fucking autistic

Hook

Verse 3 (Bun B)
Thought that I was gone and i packed it in
Cooling on an island, rich and smiling but, I'm back again
Racks on racks on racks and when I pull it out its green rain
Back to take what's mine
Yeah you know what I mean mayne
I'm on some firm shit like (blank- blank)
...and this time, Ari Gold you can't wish him away 'cuz
Terrance McQuewick knows what he's doing
You thought ya screwed me but now I'm the one screwing
Word to Robert Davis I'm a star, robbing haters
Break the game down to it's least common denominator
Kicking down the front door invading the premises
Running up in the office of my arch nemesis
Mr. Gold it's time you've been told
Its time to turn tables
It's time that you sold way more than your agency
With your soul
That's right Mr. McQuewick's back in control!