[Fat Tony]
Remember the feeling of cheating on him?
You said that you'd never, ever do it again
Remember the feeling of cheating on her?
Or was it all just a blur?
She said some words to readjust my nerves to thrust her curves
Told my girl, "it just occurs…"
Man, it's hard to break that habit
When I got a bad bitch in my house stranded
Talkin' bout she too drunk and can't manage
But she sober enough to open the Trojan package

[Nick Diamonds / Fat Tony]
Your kiss is why we live this lie
Cause I'm wrong and she wrong, we both know why
I love your food, your cleaning too
It's never a "goodbye", just "see you soon…"

[Bun B]
Damn, it's not as easy as it used to be
It's like you acting brand new like you ain't really used to me
I'm sitting in the den in the La-Z-Boy twistin'
Yellin' cross the house from the dining room insisting
That I shut up and listen and you get more persistent
Tryna kick me in the dick when you used to kiss it
The past moments of peace, I'm starting to miss it
We miles apart now when we used to share kismet
Now look at this shit, falling to pieces
Used to want forever now I'm praying that it ceases
Damn, we share leases, car notes, and water bills
This ain't the way that we ought to feel, sort of real
I guess love is an illusion
That means you're an Angel like Criss, confusion...
I see that I'm the one losing
And now my heart carries a bruising…
Contusion...

[Nick Diamonds]
Your kiss is why we live this lie
Cause I'm wrong and she wrong, you both know why
I love your food, your cleaning too
It's never a "goodbye", just "see you soon…"

[Fat Tony]
Together forever never sounded better til I met the
Girl of my dreams or so it seems, and I let her
Into my jeans, my things, my home
And now I never wanna leave this bitch alone
She hits my phone (hello?)
Whenever she thinks I'm alone, insists to bone
Til I'm like, "shit, it's on"
My girl, she pissed and moans, bitches on and on
"What the fuck is wrong? Why'd you lock your phone?!"
Now I'm going home deleting text messages
Speeding, re-reading every single sentence she said and it's
Making me wonder if this lust is just a sedative
Keeping me sleeping, not peeping the love ahead of it
Now I love my girl but I love my dick
I like to put it in hoes that are throwed as shit
And ever since I was old enough to spit
I was told, get the most that I can get

[Nick Diamonds]
Your kiss is why we live this lie
Cause I'm wrong and she wrong, you both know why
I love your food, your cleaning too
It's never a "goodbye", just "see you soon…"