[Verse: Bun B]
Breaker break one-nine
Runnin' from the one-time
They on my ass, they don't like the way I done mine
Or do mine, I'm only true grind
They was 'bout to hate a nigga like me in due time
A real nigga
A trill nigga
A down to get down, don't make me have to kill, nigga
'Cause I will, nigga
On the real, nigga
Hit you in your back, from waist down you won't feel, nigga
When that banana clip peel, nigga
It drop tall, short, big, and lil' niggas
Then it drop house niggas and bill [?] niggas
So you better watch your back, we on your heel, nigga
So you best be on your toe, nigga
We lay it down, real niggas and hoe niggas
Layin' down his niggas and yo niggas
'Dem niggas, those niggas, anything goes, niggas
Catch you at the studio or at the show, nigga
Comin' out the barber shop or jewelry store, nigga
At the Chevron or at the Texico, nigga
With your main bitch or with yo side hoe, nigga
Waitin' at the front, back, and side door, nigga
Soon as we see ya, you know we let go, nigga
And we don't care about the set you [?], nigga
Or the hood you represent, what for, nigga?
You got four niggas? You need more niggas
So bring a [?], maybe ten, even though, nigga
And even then, nigga
You can't win, nigga
Now when you try'na fuck with B, you win, nigga
I got them fresh up out the pen niggas
Who don't give a fuck about goin' back in, nigga
And you don't wanna know where they been, nigga
And you don't want to go where they send niggas
'Cause wherever they begin, nigga
They ain't stoppin' 'til your heartbeat end, nigga
So ain't no need to pretend, nigga
Like we cool, you ain't my mother fuckin' friend, nigga
You ain't down with me, [?], nigga
So we can get it poppin', just say when, nigga
I come around the [?] and straight bend niggas
Take that blood in the mud and make it blend, nigga
Now watch the chopper slugs spin niggas
Like Michael Joe Jackson singing [?], nigga
And when I check you on your chin, nigga
It's R.I.P. for you, just like him, nigga
Reppin' P.A.T. live from Houston, nigga
And we don't give a fuck, we gets it in, nigga
'Cause we off niggas, then we end niggas
Like [?] man down, code ten, nigga
Blowin' stanky, puttin' dro up in the wind, nigga
Pass the cup, I'm 'bout to pour me up some Hen', nigga
[?] slept the same way I pimp the pen, nigga
And God only made one, there's no twin, nigga
The closest thing to me was my brother, nigga
And after me, there will never be another, nigga
Not a tighter nigga
Or a tougher nigga
Or a writer nigga
Or a rougher nigga
That'll leave a chicken-hearted nigga smothered, nigga
And if you didn't know then you finna discover, nigga
While we make these pussy niggas run for cover, nigga
They screamin' for they daddy and they fuckin' mother, nigga
'Cause we ain't scared to squab and straight duff a nigga
This rappa like the mob, they try'na cuff a nigga
They even sendin' undercover niggas
That's why you gettin' stuffed up in the duffel, nigga
So spy all you wanna spy, nigga
And keep on tryin' all the fuck you wanna try, nigga
Not me and my niggas
You know why, nigga?
It's U.G.K. for life until we die, nigga
That's true stories, no lie, nigga
Bet yo ass, you can put that on P.I., nigga
We gon' ride for H-town like G.I., nigga
Ain't got no love for a mother fuckin' C.I., nigga
Naw, you ain't gettin' in, is you high, nigga?
We been keepin' game, you ain't sly, nigga
My pistol never jam like it's God, nigga
And it's known to make a nigga's momma cry, nigga
Trill niggas known to make the slugs fly, nigga
Them bullets droppin' like it's rain from the sky, nigga
And when it's over, ain't no need in askin' why, nigga
You gettin' no reply, nigga
Bye, nigga