I hear we livin in the last days its revelation and you best get right with God or else hell is waitin the world is conin to an end /everyday its a storm or a flood or tsunami this shit ain't the norm we got Katrina and Rita /minds keep collapsing wit tha fires and mud slides Im like whats happnin? Got the kids in the school getting raped and molested Underfunded under protected no wonder they tested /in the lowest damn percentage rate/ and my city damn near the lowest in the state you can equate that to the state funds that ain't breakin down right rich districts get more and poor ones get less and that jus dont sound right/ so im finna pound right on the doors of my city hall/ and kick them hoes down/ they killin my city yall we need to get my people back to where they should be /and since nobody else gon do it its gon have to be me

(Chorus)
First of all the projects is fucked up and it ain't jus with the drugs we got more problems than the dealers and thugs. They usein lead base paint and asbestos is killin us we tell them to fix it up but jus ain't feelin us. Theyd rather kick us out and tear it down to the ground, so they can put up a parking lot a mall or some condos. Condemn the whole place cuz a few sell crack shit the rest ain't do nothing wrong /what the fucks up with that? They say that one rotten apple can spoil the whole bunch/ but we talkin bout some people not apples this ain't lunch. Make me wanna punch a politician dead in his face. You say you represent my district, get yo ass on the case. Development is good for the hood, yea thats what you tellin us but bitch you on the payroll of the builders and developers. Fuck what you seellin us pipe dreams fa suckers, you can take that round the corner to them other motherfuckers
So much youth they sacrifice just to live in paradise play they tricks and tell they lies (I know) its said to see how they treat the poor have so much and still want more I see my people every day on the floor
Its time to educate the people mayne free school and college so everybody cross the board can get the same knowledge. Education leads to jobs and jobs kill poverty and no more poverty means we makein money obviously. Everybody gettin money, everybody smilin. Motherfuckers ain't eatin them motherfuckersf wildin. Matter fact speakin of eatin lets feed the homeless in America let these other folks handle they own shit. How imma clean your house and mine still dirty? How imam feed yo kids while mine sit thirsty? And speakin of the kids we need to spend more time wit em. Can't turn them loose in the streets cuz they dyin in em. And all this naked head sex man you trippin fuck love im lovein life you ain't gon catch ya boi slippin. You say ya boi trippin im jus keepin it G, cuz you can see how good the world would be if it was up to me