Knalmtalkinbout? Like we always do about this time, bitch!

[Pimp C]
I got candy in my cup (cup), candy in my gar (gar)
Candy on my wrist (wrist), candy on my car (car)
Smokin on this chocolate, my neck be sittin so sparkling
Man I feel so awkward-ward when I ain't got no barre to sip
I keep a whole sip (whole sip), a whole clip (a whole clip)
In case these pussy niggas wanna trip (uh!)
Fly high boy (boy), high fly boy (boy)
'Fore I fly high, lookin at them jackers in their eye (eye)
I remember when a rapper was a go getta (go getta)
Now all these rappers is some ho niggas (uh!)
Hide behind the guards at the show nigga (uh!)
Don't want no pussy, homosexual, on the low nigga
That's y'all (that's y'all), I from the old school (uh!)
Like MJG and Ball, like Devin the Dude
I know Short Dog (Dog), the real Short Dog (Dog)
Who see me drapped and dipped, stepped out the whip on Sunset Strip

[Hook: Pimp C]
Swishas and dosha, blow when we driving
Benz's and Cadi's, swangin big bodies
Swishas and dosha, blow when we driving
Benz's and Cadi's, swangin big bodies
Swishas and dosha

[Bun B]
Fuck niggas bumpin gums, real niggas be bumpin screw (screw)
So don't get bumped up, just in case a real G bump into you
I'm like Bumpy Knuckles, buck with nothin but ready rockers
That's down for pistol play (on who?), on boy's that's steady knockers
Got boppers that's steady jockin, goofy niggas in my ear
Bitch I'mma self-made trillionaire, get your soft ass outta here
Weak niggas wanna plead their case (case), just to raise up out my face (face)
I ain't got that time to waste, punch your mouth and knock out the taste
You MySpacin and Facebookin, playin games with them toys
I'm in the streets where gangstas meet, while you're online with them boys
So step your game up, build your name up, quit your talkin and quit your doin
All that planning and contemplating.. when the fuck you gon' start pursuing?
Cars ain't driving themselves, mansions ain't building themselves
They waiting for Annie Mae and they need to stop feelin themselves
They wealth ain't comin until they earn it
But that somethin they won't know 'til they learn it, while burnin...

[Hook]

[Pimp C]
I'mma tell you pussy niggas once again (once again)
Ain't had no friends since I left the pen (uh!)
It's some niggas I respect in the rap game (game)
But it's some niggas that I better not hear sayin my fuckin name (uh!)
You say I love a stripper (bitch!), pullin down my zipper (bitch!)
That ho was payin me, bitch don't try to play with me! (bitch!)
You runnin from the fight, hiding bitch, I stay with it (with it)
You gotta problem with me, go to Lil J with it

[Bun B]
This is UGK, get it? Bun and Pimp, Pimp and Bun
Three little G's is stayin hard, you comin limp simply son
They want it, we can give 'em some
(But) probably not what they wanna see
Trill ass niggas certified, ain't never been no wanna-be (naw)
Has-been's, Never-was, Past-due, Out-dated
Can't nobody from the North, East, West, or South fade it (at all)
You talkin down but we comin up as well as comin down
So Pimp sum it up baby

[Hook: repeat 2X]