[Chorus: Big K.R.I.T. & Big Boi]
She said her name was Tangerine, damn the American dream
She all about her fuckin cream, so shake it like a tambourine
Shake it like a tambourine, she shake it like a tambourine?
Shake it like a tambourine, she shake it like a tambourine
She said her was Billie Jean, said she wanna show me things
I pulled out a stack of green, shake it like a tambourine
Shake it like a tambourine, shake it like a tambourine
Shake it like a tambourine, shake it like a tambourine

[Verse 1: Big Boi]
Once upon a rhyme I knew this girl and she was fine
As everything outdoors, the kind of girl I describe her like-like-like
Michael Jordan when he's froze in a pose of a Jumpman
Top flight security on these hoes man
She drop it low only for me to pick her up
When she's liquored up I'm leavin my fingerprints on her butt
A ten-hut, at attention as we stand for this woman
General Patton, boy stop, we think she cummin
Lovin the way that I'm dickin her down, Boi you bluffin
Nothin but a nigga like me be straight up royal flushin
But this ain't 'bout playin no cards dummy
Her give me open mouth sugar and she go hard for me
Even take a charge for me, if the coppers caught us ridin
To get a tray of fruit, and a pack of 1-point-5's and
I'm all the way on them papers, she all the way on my team
We burn it down like California trees in the breeze
Fire!

[Verse 2: Rick Ross]
Smoking like a big chief, fried like a six-piece
Styrofoam cup, sipping on that fish grease
Unhh! Got Pocahontas on my Yokohamas
A lot of chrome, top open, smell that marijuana
Yeahh, I’s a playa by nature
All the ladies catch feelings, fuck niggas catch vapors
Modern gaze, Marvin Gayes (unhh!)
Upgrade to G6, avoid the planes (yeahh!)
You not avoiding in my circle
The Audemars Pearl got ya girl face purple
MCM jacket in my throwback
Get head, and I never get a throw back, unhh!

[Hook 2: Big Boi & Khujo Goodie, & Fabolous]
Shake it like some Texas Pete dropping on your collard greens
Make it hotter and she want a dollar do you follow me?
Shake it like a tambourine, shake it like a tambourine
Shake it like a tambourine, shake it like a tambourine
Smelling like some tangerines, rolling like she on some beans
Garter belt full of green, booty busting out the seams
Shake it like a tambourine, she shake it like a tambourine
Shake it like a tambourine, about to shake it like a tambourine
Big Boi, what’s up? Unh!

[Verse 3: Fabolous]
She don’t even walk, she wobble past
If she was a dog, she’d be a bobble-ass
I slap cheeks like Pimp, so I probably has
Loso, and rhinestones on the goblet glass
It’s me and you with our “Batman & Robin”-ass
In a two-seater, lettin’ steady Marvin blast
Man, fuck these niggas
The Hater Hall of Fame should induct these niggas
I know a girl think it’s White Castle shakes
She jerk it back and forth, so we call her “Masturbate”
And she’ll dance for you if you got the cash it takes
If you ain’t got no money, she ain’t got no ass to shake
They say, “What it’s hittin for?” I ask em “Is it worth it?”
We in Club Perfections, but ain’t nobody perfect
Wh-Wh-What you got, it’ll get you what you want
They gon’ talk behind ya back
‘Cause they ain’t with you in the front

[Hook: Big K.R.I.T.]
She said her name was Tangerine, damn the American dream
She all about her fuckin cream, so shake it like a tambourine

[Verse 4: Bun B]
She came around the corner like a big-body slab
With a top you wanna touch and a bottom you wanna grab
Thicker than a Snicker, man, and cuter than a button
With a face from out of Vogue and a body from straight stuntin’
Backside 45-36 double-D
26-inch waist (man!); she bout to trouble me
Body like an angel, got me fiendin’ like a demon
If I was a single man, I’d make her a Mrs. Freeman
Skin soft as lotion, walking slow-motion
Smell her perfume? It was Love Potion
Number 9 (9), think it’s “stop and get ya number” time
Baby, who you for? ‘Cause you damn sure ain’t one of mine
So cold, make it snow up in the summer
Girl, go’n’n jump yo big fine ass up in this Hummer
Ain’t no use in wondering how trill life be
Roll with the Trill OG and keep it trill like me

[Hook: Big K.R.I.T. & Big Boi]
She said her name was Tangerine, damn the American dream
She all about her fuckin cream, so shake it like a tambourine
Shake it like a tambourine, she shake it like a tambourine?
Shake it like a tambourine, she shake it like a tambourine
She said her was Billie Jean, said she wanna show me things
I pulled out a stack of green, shake it like a tambourine
Shake it like a tambourine, shake it like a tambourine
Shake it like a tambourine, shake it like a tambourine

[Outro: Big Boi]
Shake shake it, shake shake it, shake shake it, shake shake it
Shake shake it, shake shake that ass
Shake shake it, shake shake it, shake shake it, shake shake it
Shake shake it, shake shake that, shake that
Work, work, work, work, work, work, work, work
(And all my ladies go to)
Work, work, work, work, work, work, work, work
(Shake shake it, shake that ass)