Say man I used to think that living life was all about in life the zeros
Sitting in the slack back count nothing but dineros
G up in the hood everybody’s is young hero
.. about shot gun running on my illow
Flipping through the city coming down in the ..
We do say OG and girl ..daddy
Rolling on the ..boy smoking on the ..
Drunk all day got the neighbors going ..
System all nut got the ...
...
In the air truck waving in your ..no sense in saving
My life goes on so i’ma make the most of
Every day I’m getting here exactly what i’m supposed to
Days whining down time is getting closer
So i’ma make a movie instead of rolling ..

Hook:
I just wanna live my life
Rolling get watch shot it won’t be twice
So wanna lose for you i’ma roll this dice
You wanna be the .. gotta pay big price
The game ain’t the same you boys live the ..
This streets on fire we ain’t nothing nice
You might get the .. you just might get the ..
I just wanna live my life wanna live my life

..in the day growing up in the ghetto
..and the girls ..what’s the ledo
Roll my .. pushing hood to the ghetto
Playin burning pop a drive in old school metal
..block engines all ..
You and ..get the girls homie ..
I used to sing watching me now my little homie
Bring one day i have the papas all on me
Right in the .. i had to make my mind of
If i want it .. step my grind of
I ain’t wanna be in the ..
..what you’re waiting on ..behind of
I made a promise to myself to never quit
And make surethat i get everything that i get
.. everybody no shit
You only got one life and this is it

[Hook:]

I look back and where i came and ..i’m going
The days when i didn’t understand to now knowin
I used to think that life was jawing and ..
Or late night ..the limit else ging
But now the smoke’s gone things there were .. clearer
Going they go ..away or a lot mirror
..i’ll teaching in the class room and chillin what’s the truth
..what you say ..
Can’t you ..loyalty over .. over look
You don’t have to .. pop ..none is easy
So you can ..
Just live your life
So that’s we try to say ..
Life is kinda crazy. You gotta make sure you make the right decisions in life
So if you gonna do anything in life make sure its what you want to do
Don’t let anybody else control your destiny
Be responsible for the decisions you make so make sure they wise ones
Just keep it 100 with yourself and the world will follow. Real talk
Thank you for the track man