[Bun B]
Whassup, motherfucker? Yeah it's the funk dropper, the punk stopper
The trunk popper ready to break y'all off something proper
You know I'm a villain, so why try?
Fuck a block, I'm throwing a Glock party, daring niggas to drive by
I came to smoke a son of a bitch that went for his but didn't pull it
Fast enough and got blasted up with a bullet
I'm sniping, I got you in my scope so what's the use of trying to bail?
I'm ready to catch a case but not for yayo, for a murder, mayne
187 ways to rip your spine out anytime you want to test
Say you never heard of pain? Wait 'til I pull my nine out
And empty out a clip in your chest cavity
Haven't we been known for taking it
To the sucker motherfuckers that was faking it
Making it known I gots my chrome in my ride
And I'm fried, P.A. nigga worldwide from the west side, fool!

[Hook, Bun B]
Yeeeah, I'm serious! And this is one of three sixteens!
Yeeeah, ya bastards! I'm serious, this was only one of three sixteens!
Straight up, I'm serious! That was only one of three sixteens!

[DJ DMD]
Now check this shit out, haha
It's DJ DMD, back with that funk flowing laaazy
Kinda craazy, never letting niggas fade me
I'm a little fast on that trigga
Niggas I get my blast on nightly, you don't wanna fight me
Take yo ass on down the block, I keeps my shit cocked
So knock on wood cuz shit could get hot
On this spot, some niggas catchin lead shots
Cuz ain't no wipin off these red dots
Now try me if ya think I won't bust
Shots to ya dome will leave ya ass in the dust, nigga
Cuz ain't nobody droppin bigger hits
I'm makin tracks upon track upon tracks to make these niggas shit
And I'm down with some fa sho niggas
So tell me how you gon diss me with a clique full of ho niggas?
You keep yo ass in yo motherfucking set
Or take a slug in ya motherfucking chest, Reggie, mark ass nigga
Ya punk bitch!

[Hook, Bun B]
I'm serious! And this was two of three sixteens!
Ya punks, I'm serious! This is two of three sixteens!
Punk ass niggas, I'm serious! This was two of three sixteens!
Sixteen number three!

[Pimp C]
Some motherfuckers think they can go with me
But most of them niggas just some hoes to me
I got a lotta niggas that's down with me
But too many niggas like to clown with me
They act like they know me but they really don't
They ask me to come kick it, but they know I won't
I see they ass in PA, they don't know me, uh
I see they ass in Houston, I'm they homie
But, nigga how it feel to be a ho?
Getting your ass kicked at every motherfucking show
Trying to be a gangsta, but nigga you's a fool
And tryin to kick it with me, like me and y'all cool
But nigga let's see if you can deal with that chrome
I should have popped your ass when you broke into my home
But bitch niggas steal, and G niggas mack
And busta ass niggas gettin bullets in they back
And that's a motherfucking fact!

[Hook, Bun B]
Ya little motherfucker! I'm serious! And that was three of three sixteens!
For any niggas that wanna test, come up and stress these three motherfucking sixteens!
You can't fuck with it, fool! We drops three of three sixteens!
And ain't a motherfucking tight like this, we dropping three tight ass sixteens!
Yeah, I want to send this out to all them niggas in the ward
You know what I'm saying, that drop all that motherfucking shit
Like we drop that shit, and to all them OTHER motherfuckers
On that OTHER motherfucking side, talking all that other blowsy ass shit
Y'all need to get back 'fore I get some muthafuckin shit on my toes
I done done it before, ho, and I'll do it again!
U-G-motherufucking-K! 94! Eat a dick, godammit!

Trill ass niggas don't stop