[Pimp C]
I got a girl that tastes better than Cisco
She ain't gotta worry cause Pimp C is a private ho
All my niggas say that she usin me
But she give me more vagina than a tampon, G
See I ain't never gave no chick four stars
But the dugout is so good that she be drivin my cars
And everyday it get better, I can't lie
I ate the pussy and it taste like hot potato pie
All my friends be sayin, "She ain't nothin but a trick"
But the girl got a PhD, in suckin dick
So I, let her suck and I give her them ducats
I'm a special kind of fool and I know it, but aiyyo fuck it!
I can't help myself, I think with my bone
Fuck my dome, I just can't leave the bitch alone
So every time she ask me for my, credit card
You know she get it cause ya know that my, dick on hard
I used to be the fucka, now I'm gettin fucked
I used to be the wrecka, but now my truck is gettin stuck
Why I let her play me? You cain't figga
So sit'cha ass down and just listen to my nigga...

[Hook - Bill Withers sampled from "Use Me Up"]
I-yi-yi-yi-I, wanna spread the news
That if it feels this good gettin used
Oh, you can just keep usin me...
Until you use me up...
(WHOOOOOO!!!! Fuck up to me daddy!!)
(WHOOOOOO!!!! Fuck up to me daddy!!) Until you use me up...
(WHOOOOOO!!!! Fuck up to me daddy!!)
(WHOOOOOO!!!! Fuck up to me daddy!!) Until you use me up...
(WHOO-WHOOOOOO!!!! Fuck up to me daddy!!)
(WHOOOOOO!!!! Fuck up to me daddy!!) Until you use me up...
(WHOOOOOO!!!! Fuck up to me daddy!!)
(WHOO-WHOOOOOO!!!! Fuck up to me daddy!!) Until you use me up...

[Pimp C]
If pussy ain't nuttin but meat on a bone, nigga
Huh! - I guess you ain't seen my bitch nigga
She could make the Pope wanna fuck
Make a schoolboy jack off his dick, until he nut
She fucked me so hard 'til I, hurt my back
So I'm passin out them ducats in them Kroger sacks
And everybody wonderin why I smile all day
All the girls wanna know why I don't give 'em the play
My ol' girl called me, asked me why I'm trippin and shit
I said, "Cause yo' pussy ain't better than my new bitch"
I can't get enough, the bad got me stuck
I give her all my money and she give me right to nut and
I'm like, "I gotta get my shit back on track"
But my dick keep tellin me to bring my ass back!
Why I let her play me? You cain't figga
So I guess you better listen up to my nigga...

[Chrous]

{sample}
I-yi-yi-yi-I, wanna spread the news
That if it feels this good gettin used
Oh, you can just keep usin me...
Until you use me up...

[Pimp C]
To sum it all up, I'm a fiend for the pussy hole
Cause she be gettin Dooneys, leather jackets, and fly gold
I be gettin bills, and stubs from checks
I work all day, just to spend it on sex
But all that really matters is I'm happy...
And I be happy long as I be gettin' the nappy - dugout
Peace out, and plenty of luck
And she could keep usin Pimp C until she use me up!