(E-40 and Droop-E talking)
Daddy
What's up?
What you doin'?
Sittin' up here marinatin', just, you know, trippin' off how this life is, man. Life is a trip
Well, what you writin'?
Just, you know, some ol' crazy, you know, some sh...my feelin's, you know?
Let me hear it

[Verse 1: E-40]
Why was I born in these trifling ass times?
Why is it mandatory that I carry knives?
Don't be too liberal 'cause, see, white folks get jacked too
Doctors, high-class lawyers and even Japs too
You ask me why I speak the real, the way I feel
How come we call bitches hoes and y'all call us niggaroes?
They wanna do me like they did Stax
What is this young black man doing with all that scratch? Huh
I see some timers on the yayo track readin' they mail
Talking about "I got white girl for sale"
But they ain't talking to me 'cause see I'm an oldie and they knows that
I used to be just like them, I tell them "Y'all get that scratch"
Magazine was never nothing like Bel-Air
High-speed shootouts and shit, but I loved it there
"40, where you been, playa? It's been a while."
'Marinatin', accumulating paper, pal'
"Y'all kinda doin' it, huh? You still grindin'?"
'Hell yeah, you know them tapes you keep rewinding'
Money ain't changed me, money changed the way people think about me
When I was broke all I had was my family
You know what kills me doe, them fuckin' numskulls
I hate when blacks be clownin' blacks on all these talk shows
It's bad enough we shootin' up each other tragically
Two days ago they found some brother smothered badly
Nobody's to be trusted in this day and age
Too much jealousy and envy on the wrong page
And fuck the po po's 'cause that 39% tax I pay
Don't get me nathan but a chokehold and some pepper spray

[Break: E-40 & (Droop-E)]
(So is that what they do?) It's all bad
(It's crazy out there, huh?) It's all bad
(Is it gonna be like this when I grow up?) It's all bad
(Daddy, sprinkle me with some more game)

[Verse 2]
[E-40]
Our Father who art in heaven
Hallowed be thy name, thy kingdom come
That's the pray that I say so spread the word
And if you feeling down and out, read Proverbs
You know that I've been tweakin off, something strange
Startin' to see a lot of womens at the shooting range
Domestic violence but here's an old ghetto myth
My potna's auntie scold her boyfriend with some hot grits
I'm from the G-E double T-T to the oh no
Where only few dare to go
[Droop-E a/k/a Lil E.]
I spits game like a soldier, tonk since I told you this
The rap kingpin giant, six year old vocalist
You don't want to see me, do it like I do that
All up in your tall-can face, I tell you get more scrizatch
Y'all need to get up on it, the game is way to deep
I'm not your average hustler, I be creepin' while you sleep
Game, straight game
Get up on it, straight game

It's all bad (Repeat 4X)