Microphone check 1 2 1 2
Testing testing
40 Water in this bitch mayne, 40 in this thang brah
Look, HEY!
That nigga got it crackin this nigga got it going on he a fool
BIATCH!
Funky Fresh for the 2 thow-wow 11 shot bitch!

Maynneeeee (HOE) I shoulda been a P, got the wordplay of a pimp
I drop a monkey off a banana tree, but I guess that it was meant
Penalty,.. lobster and shrimp
Going to spending spree, giva fuck how much I spent
Playas don't keep sco', playas keep a ho
If she bring me back my sho I tell her next time have mo'
Eight, tonight, a dinner with waffles
All concrete all solid no cross artists
Here he here he come one come all
40 Water got some real talk for ya'll
They put ya homie gotta horn he behind them walls
I'm bout to plug him in and put him on this conference call...
"Real niggas unite, fuck the lame
We goin weave these suckas out and pour em to a strang
Mash on these marks, and flood the ash
Lower our rates and make hella cash"
OK (bump-ba-ba-bump) man this base line is stubby
(Bump-ba-ba-bump) this the shit like Huggies
(Bump-ba-ba-bump) this thang dumbass slap
(Bump-ba-ba-bump) man 40 takin em back
BIATCH!

This the shit that I miss (40 takin em back)
This what I grew up with (40 takin em back)
It made me feel like I used to (he takin em back)
Way back in 1992 (man 40 takin em back)
I'm a drink to this man (he takin em back)
I'm a smoke to this man (he takin em back)
I'm a get high tonight (man 40 takin em back)
Get so drunk I wanna fight (40 takin em back)

West west California, killas and thugs
When niggas get cooked (where at?) in front of the clubs
When fiends take drugs (why?) to get off drugs
With a buzz-well wireless (plant what?) and plant buds
Where the drommers drift (what they smoke?) and smoke pipe
Where they crawl on the rug (looking for what?) looking for white
When you can get'cha dick sucked in the broad daylight (broad daylight)
And get'cha crab cracked just like a headlight (UGH)
In northern Cali we playing the game of life in truth or dare
Well perfect baking hey sleepy come a perfect nightmare
"Mr. Officer, I'm sober I ain't been drinking I ain't perking
You can use the breathalizer mane I'm cleaner than detergent" (UGH)
I'm old school like with the quickness (with the quickness)
Not an internet thug but I'm with the sickness (with the sickenss)
Don't nobody wanna take the stairs everybody wanna take the escalators
Don't nobody wanna work for days everybody stay looking for a favor
Fly, duskers, Hustlers R US
Penitentiary chances, tasers and handcuffs
Grime, kush, get'cha money side awe
Well think ya still on the block or got a regular job
BIATCH!

This the shit that I miss (40 takin em back)
This what I grew up with (40 takin em back)
It made me feel like I used to (He takin em back)
Way back in 1992 (man 40 takin em back)
I'm a drink to this thang (he takin em back)
I'm a smoke to this man (he takin em back)
I'm a get high tonight (man 40 takin em back)
Get so drunk I wanna fight (40 takin em back)
BITCH!