[Intro 1: Kevin Gates]
Everybody know me, every section I be stepping in
In the club, they know my hands official, ain't no weapon in

[Chorus : Kevin Gates]
A-a-ain't no weapon in
Everybody know me, every club that I be stepping in
And my hands official I ain't gotta bring my weapon in
This bitch like a bitch n she tell me she tell me that she a lesbian
I like bitches too, i told her, i think i'm a lesbian
All her friends wants chill in VIP, i told her, let em in!
I could make it rain in here for weeks, but that's irrelevant!
Michelle Obama married to my hustle like the president
(Squiiirrtttt!)
Porsche trunk is in the front just like an elephant

[Verse 1: Kevin Gates]
Turnin up in the foreign, got a bad bitch Nicaragua
Flipping in the pussy like a dolphin
Shawty say i'm too cold hearted
Never had a family I'ma orphan
Quick to put a nigga in the coffin
Hit the weed go to caughin
I be speaking Spanish when i'm talking
Café con leche my coffee
Hit a nigga with the carbine
If I got off-subject, i'm sorry
Ex-boyfriend, he a stalker
I just like to chill in her apartment
Say she love me cuz I'm not a stalker
I be ballin hard like Spalding
Drop dick off, and never called her
Nigga tried to jack he gotta kill me
If you a pussy nigga, you say "really?"
If you stand for something, then you feel me
Selling H-Town by the fitten
I'm the lil nigga with the mouth full, when it come to guns I got a house full
If you called your girl, she in route soon
Didn't answer? Probably got her mouth full
Uh, diamonds bitch I got a mouth full, I blind a bitch I got a mouth full
Diamonds bitch I got a mouth full, I blind a bitch I got a mouth full

[Chorus: Kevin Gates]
Everybody know me, every club that I be stepping in
And my hands official I ain't gotta bring my weapon in
This bitch like a bitch n she tell me she tell me that she a lesbian
I like bitches too, i told her, i think i'm a lesbian
All her friends wants chill in VIP, i told her, let em in!
I could make it rain and hit for weeks, but that's irrelevant!
Michelle Obama married to my hustle like the president
(Squiirttt)
Porsche trunk is in the front, just like an elephant

[Verse 2: Stitches]
I could shoot this gun, or I could throw them hands
I demand my respect, nigga, that's from every man
If you die for your squad, then you must be a real nigga
Got my nigga Lito, his first pistol, he better pull that trigger
It's a homicide on trial, you beat the case I smile
Who you think you playin with, I'm the king of my town
The judges squrred, police is squrred
And if I say that I'ma kill you, I'm a man of my word
I swear!

[Outro: Kevin Gates]
Everybody know me, every club that I be stepping in
And my hands official, I ain't gotta bring my weapon in
This bitch like a bitch n she tell me she tell me that she a lesbian
I like bitches too, I told her, I think I'm a lesbian
All her friends wants chill in VIP, I told her, let em in!
I could make it rain and hit for weeks, but that's irrelevant!
Michelle Obama married to my hustle like the president
(Squiirttt)
Porsche trunk is in the front, just like an elephant