[Verse 1 - Stitches]
I pull out my AK and shoot anythin' movin'
If the FEDS come pick me up I tell them fuck boys to prove it
Some say I'm out of my mind, some say I'm out of control
This ain't no game, lil' boy: ain't no remote control
I take the flesh off yo face, like I'm Hannibal (I will!)
You got snitch in your blood? I find out now you got a bullet hole
I heard you snitched on your mom, I heard you snitched on yo ho'
I always have a motherfuckin' feeling in my stomach not to serve you up

[Hook - Stitches]
You ain't got nothin' (Broke!)
Stop all the frontin' (You broke!)
I'm gon' shoot all of my rounds and I miss nothin'
Cause I'm a gangsta (You know it!)
Cause I'm a gangsta (You know it!)
And that ain't happen over night I'm just a gangsta (2x)

[Verse 2 - Compton Menace]
Look...
I'm gettin' money and they know that
Got an oldschool with them Cali plates
See I'm on the crime with that pistol on me
Still stuck in my Cali ways
All these niggas talkin', but they frightened on me
I see 'em broke but they hatin' on me
Just hit their ass with that real shit
Cause I'm a cold nigga and I don't feel shit
Look, everybody wanna fuck with a real nigga
Gotta get it goin' and I'm tryna get it
From the booth to the motherfuckin' kitchen
Killin' game on, never leave a witness
Real shit, nigga, know that I did it
Tell is me, but I'm already fitted
Black Lambo' first one quitted
Make a header when I tell you that it's rented
Got a bad bitch and she don't talk shit
Just get the car when I spark shit
We ain't in the club, we won't lost shit
Just hoppin' out and I don't park shit
See, my nigga called, I said "pull up"
Gonna make a plan on that hard shit
Look, these haters say they pullin', I just tell 'em

[Hook - Stitches]

[Verse 3 - Stitches]
I'm a gangsta with a gangsta grill
Start a problem with me? I put the gun to yo grill
I just chugged the fo' all the lean I need a refill
You got fake in yo blood, what's in my blood is real
Every track I jump on I kill
Call me Stitches: or call me track murderer
Make a diss track about me and I'm gon' have to murder ya
If I don't wanna dirty my hands them bands will take care of ya
And my goons? Will finish the job, bruh
Cause if they don't come back with your motherfuckin' head Imma be pissed (I swear!)
Hit the goons with my fist
I swear about this
I swear on your hood
I'm Stitches, nigga (You know me)
And I dare somebody that say that I won't pull the trigger

[Hook - Stitches]