First verse-

Um, Designer drugs, Designing love the Midas touch
A pint of blood And all that shit yo, Ha
I'm just tryna get my lick hoe, get buzzed except the buzz bit, Yo
It hit home then shattered, both windows into my soul, It sold with no zip code, told to get going over this Moment
Hope that it can find an owner who give a shit yo
Shit show when it fronted them shit go way quick
Swear that y'all be fucking with me I'ma go make a payment
I'ma Go and get a nine millimeter I've Been a demon ride with ya leader Blind in da snow
God of da bleachers I don't need ya bleach nah I don't need ya fucken help, Do it on my own
Ride with a mother fuckin g Not clean Godly not be my own student Angel dust do it
They combust using shit that I take in like one movement
So we both proven
That we so ruin and everything we give a fuck About let's do it
You can be me and I can be you you do not care that I can be you it's Cool

Hook-

Am I high yet? am I high yet? nooo.. [ha Vrrrr ha Vrrr *digitized ha and noise* underlaid every 4 beats}
In my mind set but I gave you priceless Ooh..
Am I high yet I said no is that why? Yeah
But even that don't do it no more
Tell me to get em I got em I hate I know
La vida fi fida (Spanish; the faithful life [?])
The diamond
Vida Fidato, adalah (spanish; Trustworthy vision [?])  (arabic; Justice [?])
Vida Fidato Godemis [?]
Off of it Nada, All of my drugs are designer I got a problem
*End Digitized noise*

Second verse-


This substance give me double I want it all
Problems with getting in trouble with laws
I'm not made for rules no excuse get invollved
With presence of many when I drop these bars
I'm a problem and im never going away
I'm just here to cause confusion in a minute
Where I stray we spred the present feeling
Gifted when I stepped up on the stage
To get the reverends let us pray cos it's me I'm gonna slay

Hold up ain't a pope take it and hold us give 50 before the deal
And 100 when I show up we rocking all black man look like a smoke house

Crowd bobbin and weavin just like a blow out I show out
Nothing less excepted applied to my colleges Nothin less than accepted

Hit list a bit since that's a God interception

I'll be going belly up Like they got intergestion, Lord
Rappin for a second So to get it right
With fans in all directions leaving Shang Hai!
Second power we kick it like Rush hour
Causing traffic jams but we stand everything
Green lights everytime in the streets yo im prone to killin!
Never kicking the habit, I'm loving the damn addiction
I'm going off, pen into pistol and throwing shots oh
And Godemis [?] returns that's only raw


Am I high yet? am I high yet? nooo.. [ha Vrrrr ha Vrrr *digitized ha and noise* underlaid every 4 beats}
In my mind set but I gave you priceless Ooh..
Am I high yet I said no is that why? Yeah
But even that don't do it no more
Tell me to get em I got em I hate I know
La vida fi fida, the diamond (Spanish; the faithful life [?])
Vida Fidato, adalah (spanish; Trustworthy vision [?])  (arabic; Justice [?])
Vida Fidato Godemis [?]
Off of it nada, All of my drugs are designer I got a problem

Am I high yet am I high yet nooo
In my mind set but I gave you priceless, Ooh
Am I high yet I said no is that why? Yeah
But even that don't do it no more