[Intro]
Man, I don't know what the fuck these dudes are tryna diss me and shit, man
They ain't even on my level and they ain't never going to be on my level
I ain't even gotta try that hard, ya know what I'm saying
They put their fullest into their disses and shit, and I just fucking go shit some now real quick, you know, it's that easy
They will never be on my level, and I'm speaking the truth
They know it, they might deny it, but they fucking know it deep down inside
Their mom and dad know it, their homies know it, my homies know it, we all fucking know it. They ain't got one hit song, they mixtape all their shit, my shit is all original, my beats
Just keep it real with this shit, I ain't try to be like nobody else
Yeah they say I try to be like Eminem, I'm just my doing what the fuck I'm doing
They never see nobody do that shit before
They're fuckin' getting jealous, 'cause their shit is just bullshit, know what I'm saying?
But for all you motherfuckers out there who thought Hopsin wasn't gon' make his comeback, man, what comeback, I ain't never left!
Fuck you language arts, Wicky Rosco, whatever the fuck your name is, fuck you Chops, and fuck you Perez!
LET'S GO!

[Verse 1]
So I sound like Eminem, okay now
Go ahead and lie say you didn't jock Soslay style
Talkin' all that shit, sayin' I'm on the shelf
Listen to your ass bitch, you describing yourself
Man you wish you was me, but y'all ain't like me
You out your mind, thinkin' I'ma finna get ate by teens
I'ma put you in your place too, dissin' me just ain't cool
Rosco and Chops friends for life y'all some gay dudes
Y'all ain't no real recording artist with that wack rap
I'm better then y'all and I'ma DIE! over that fact
And I don't even know what hype these fools to push me
The day they eat me it'll be the day I grew a pussy
This shit is mine and I'll never give the game up
Especially to a studio gangster from Pennsylvania
Last time that I dissed lang he was filled with aches of pain
Now he coming back a year later then just change his name what? to Rosco what? Is he fakin'?
I could've sworn that motherfucking rap name was taken
Now what you doing man?
It's s'pposed to be a secret, plus nobody else take, noticed this so I'ma keep it
Plus nobody noticed that your sister is a freak bitch
'Cause I been talkin' to her myspaceing her every weekend
She wanna fly down and deep throat me up to I be skeetin'
That's all the bitch is good for so after that she'll be leaving
The bitch is just a motherfuckin' prostitute
Run up in your crib, and have me telling my ass not to shoot
And I'm a nice guy man, I ain't gonna rape your mama dude
I'ma put a gun to you and make you beat your momma's coot
You done fuck with the wrong fucking guy
This ain't just rapping, this is real fucking life, bitch
And Chop you think you're stopping me cuz
Listen to your shit man fix your quality up
Your mother fucking vocals are just super loud
I popped your diss in, and it blew my subwoofer out
Y'all think you slick with your hard on rap
Dissin' AOL rappers, when you are those cats
Man! All your music's just a big old lie
You based your rap career off what's happening online
How many damn songs you hear me share about these motherfuckers (NONE!)
'Cause I don't really care 'bout these motherfuckers
I don't collaborate with none of y'all 'cause actually
You ain't worthy enough to hop up on a track with me
Y'all trying your hardest while I'm having fun with this shit
Fuck the chatrooms, the battles man, I'm done with this shit

So, fuck all y'all, fuck all y'all
Fuck all y'all, fuck all y'all
Fuck all y'all, fuck all y'all

Fuck all y'all, fuck all y'all
Fuck all y'all, fuck all y'all
(stop, stop, stop it!)

[Break]
Stop, cut it off, cut it off
I forgot somebody
Perez, you thought I was going to let you slide my friend?
Oh no!

Hit it! [?]
This is for México motherfucker!
You talk with me too much 'migo
I tried to told you 'migo once, but you don't listen to me!

[Chorus]
Buenos dias, Perez, adios
Buenos dias, Perez, adios
Buenos dias, Perez, adios my friend
Buenos dias, Perez, adios my friend

[Verse 2]
Fuck me little, vato, I put you in the pothole
Don't you know fuckers take me, I'm coming from the barrio (dale oh!)
I'm crazy like the crazy guys
I'll just punch you in the face and give us just a lazy eye
I don't really know why you think you can beat me
I'll come to your house, with Joker, En Creepy
En Sneeky, En Pipi, En Carlos, En Ricky, Jorge
[?] Christie, who's freaky

Ooh!
Dale oh!
Dale
It's over
It's over
Turn it off, it's over, dale