[Intro]
Hello World! Benny James.. Let me take a hit of this blunt real quick... BITCH!

[Verse 1]
I've been twisted feelin' real good
Tell me my shit is wack I wish you would
Cause I'll go back to the lab and perfect my craft
Come back with the bomb like a threat from Iraq
I get pissed off, cause I get little play
I put hours into my music like every fuckin' day
When I'm in the studio don't fuck my shit up
Funk Volumes got this beat lit up
Like two cigarellos filled with that good dro
Puff, Puff, Pass shit you know how it goes
Treat em like an xbox can't help but play these hoes
It switches up everyday, time to change them clothes
She fucked the whole crew that bitch is put in the danger zone
If you got an ounce I got one to, I'm ready to blaze it yo
(haha.. I'm ready to blaze it yo)
As I walk through the valley of the shadow of death
My mind stays blazed my heart stays possessed
Recollect the thoughts of a father who left
I keep my mind high smoke fills up my chest
I got a dream with a vision
Fiends creep defeat is why I'm winnin'
Weed keeps me lifted
(Haha.. and I'm gettin' so motha fuckin' high.. in the studio.. Funk Volume!)

[Hook]
Thoughts of suicide, it's time to medicate my mind
Forward or play, there's no rewind
I dope up my lyrics let it drip down your spine!

[Verse 2]
Shit I just took a hit off this 2 foot bong
I can feel the weed hittin' me that shit didn't take to long
I don't pop pills, I know to many that became addicted
Gave up their life to be fuckin' fiending itchin'
For that 30 pill bottle of Vicodin prescription
Fightin' the demons that stay within em
Sick of livin' like this, but the fight they gave was at its limit
I'm not done, till I'm dead and finished
Even then i'll come back as a ghost
Step into the booth, make the artist overdose my flow
Let my legacy live on
Im shittin' on these rappers im not even sittin' on the jon
I make sense when I write a rap
Instead of freestyle rappers acting like a virgin you ain't tight like that
Dog ass rappers tryin' to steal my shit, you don't got a bite like that
Thoughts of a maniac
Bitch, I am so done fuck ever trying to take it back
Your like a bad flow I just erase the rap
Put the 5th down I'm done chasin' that!
BITCH!

[Hook]
Thoughts of suicide, it's time to medicate my mind
Forward or play, there's no rewind
I dope up my lyrics let it drip down your spine!

[Verse 3]
I stay gassed up no car to drive
If you got it rough, my shits viagra the harder life
A lion on these beats, I got the heart to fight
The government never gave a shit
So now my foods gettin' stalled like a late payment again
The game needs life, I'm the savior man
(Haha.. Nah.. Listen...)
I'm hungry for music let the beat change
I stay like Miami bring that heat game
Bitches try n play me I don't trip
I keep it cool, hand em prozac fuckin' crazy actin' a fool
I smoke weed till my eyes sleep
Blood shot red, I say fuck the visine
I boil down the mac n cheese
Take it as a diss little man you wack to me
I stay reppin' for the underground
Screamin' fuck a major, executives ain't gonna fuck me now
I never chase paper, I let it stick to me
There's so many ways to erase ya name do ya get me? (get me..)

[Hook]
Thoughts of suicide, it's time to medicate my mind
Forward or play, there's no rewind
I dope up my lyrics let it drip down your spine!

[End..]
Yeah... Funk Volume on the beat, I'm real fuckin' high right now.. haha