[Intro]
Today's Thursday November 7th, 2013
And I'm fed up with doin' all of this business Hopsin Knock Madness shit, man
Fuck this rap game

[Hook]
I swear to God I'm feelin' so sick (so sick)
It's like I don't know where my home is (home is)
A nigga gone, you can see it in my eyes
I ain't even got the strength to fucking cry
So tell me if you can find me
Where'd I go? Have you seen me?
I don't know
You see I used to think that my money would bring me happiness and
Now I can't believe this is happening, where did I go?

[Verse]
A nigga feel gone, lost, ain't got no purpose
Spent a year locked in churches
Trying to jot the verses
But I'm stuck with these rotten curses
Every time I rap you can hear the pain burn through
'Cause I never had a real family to turn to
I got shit on my nerves
To give me the urge
To yell curse words but I'm really tryin' to learn to keep it all under control
But I can't 'cause I'm stuck in a hole
The devil tryna puppet my soul
Making me a slave to the game, taking away my joys and then handing me a bucket of gold
No! I don't want it no more
Take these groupies, I ain't fucking your whores
Imagine being fed when your stomache don't roar
I wake up every morning and in a rugged cold war
Fuck my life, the fuck am I doin', man?
Hopsin, you're the man, I love all your songs I'm like a really big fan
Issues occured and started back in high school when I used to get beat on
Now I hide myself with contacts and the fame's a drug I O-D'd on

[Hook]
I swear to God I'm feelin' so sick (so sick)
It's like I don't know where my home is (home is)
A nigga gone, you can see it in my eyes
I ain't even got the strength to fucking cry
So tell me if you can find me
Where'd I go? Have you seen me?
I don't know
You see I used to think that my money would bring me happiness and
Now I can't believe this is happening, where did I go?

[Outro]
This is not on my album...
I just made it today 'cause I just needed to vent...and talk
Sittin' in this fucking basement, it driving me crazy...
Sigh...I'm weird now, I can honestly say that I'm fucking weird, I have changed
But I didn't go Hollywood...I don't know what the hell I - I don't know, man