[Chorus]
Bitch I am on ten, this ain't no
Game, I'm not your fan
You should know, Hop's back in here
Stay packin' heat, you runnin' shit, not actually
These niggas can't pull off
What I do up in this booth
I am too rude when I intrude on you, don't
Act like you never knew homie, I
Spent most of my life tryna get
Here, do not get near, you gon' feel
Fear in its worst form
When I'm destroying you, I'm warning you

[Verse]
Murder!
Straight out the insane asylum
What the fuck am I? Just think about it, can't define it
Say goodbye to any nigga you was vibin' with
I fucking hate the climate
I've been on your trail like an invasive pirate, make you rise
Y'all can never slay Goliath
I've been taking rappers and creating diets
Now they on the 'Gram tryna' make it private
Hoping I don't put them in a bad position
They've been prayin' I don't ever catch 'em slippin' (Haha!)
You could build a buzz rappin' sick shit
But you better not come around me I can differ (Bitch!)
I've been lost on the path of sinnin'
I just hope the Lord's gonna have forgiveness (Sorry)
Keep your mind out my bag of business
Else me and you gon' have a bad collision (Oh no!)
Ain't giving a fuck
Adrenaline rush (Low-pro!)
When hitting 'em up
You niggas are lunch (For sure!)
A cynical nut, I'm finna get buck (Hoes know!)
They feelin' in love, my menacing touch
I have 'em flyin' overseas, cryin' over me
I am openly a cunt to 'em
See if I enroll the D I am gon' unleash a giant load of cream on to 'em
Look, I ain't a typical nigga you dealin' with
This shit is finna get rowdy, I swear to God it is a must (Yeah, yeah)
I've been a militant minor degenerate ever since I was a
Little kid playing and kicking the mud (Yeah, yeah)
I'm a phenomenon no telling who I'ma bomb when I hop on a song
I'ma lose it, it's written in blood (Yeah, yeah)
Honestly I done got everything I ever wanted
But is it enough? (Is it enough?)
You're mad 'cause your fans ain't as loyal
Dropping classics again
Wrecking on you, damn it, man
Get the body bag there is too much madness at hand weightin' on you
K.O.-in' niggas with the blow
Suck my dick under the mistletoe
Don't forget the balls, lick 'em both
This is Sicko Mode level, Travis isn't getting on because

[Chorus]
Bitch I am on ten, this ain't no
Game, I'm not your fan
You should know, Hop's back in here
Stay packin' heat, you runnin' shit, not actually
These niggas can't pull off
What I do up in this booth
I am too rude when I intrude on you, don't
Act like you never knew homie, I
Spent most of my life tryna get
Here, do not get near, you gon' feel
Fear in its worst form
When I'm destroying you, I'm warning you