Hopsin | Knock Madness| Track-by-Track Review

Anything in italics is directed straight towards Hopsin .

THIS SHIT IS MY OPINION. KEEP YOUR OWN

SUMMARY OF THE REVIEW

The Fiends Are Knocking:

Actually, it’s one of the best songs on the entire album. I can say I fucks with the hook. The verses are cool. The production isn’t what I exactly expected for the intro. I thought I was listening to Holy Grail when heard them pianos in the beginning

One thing that threw me off on this song is apparently someone’s dad got off drugs because of Hopsin’s music and I’m like what the fuck? You mean your nose was filled with booga suga until you heard Hopsin say otherwise? If bankruptcy or death can’t keep people from doing drugs, Hopsin can? C’mon son

Hop Is Back:

Honestly, I skipped it only because I’ve heard the track before, but I do that to any album. The biggest talk about this song was the Yeezus and Kendrick “disses”. Well, I felt the same way about Yeezus and the Kendrick joke was funny to me, but I don’t think they should’ve been mentioned on the first official single to the album. I think this is what the Ill Mind 6 should’ve been…but hey, it’s Hopsin

Who’s There (feat. Dizzy Wright & Jarren Benton):

Why the fuck is Dizzy Wright on this song? If it didn’t feel like Hop put him on here just for the sake of having all of the FV members on the album. He doesn’t fit this shit at all. This should’ve been the first song on the album, it should’ve been the first single to the album, and it shouldn’t have had any features on it

I wish Hop composed this beat differently. If he started the song off with the production instead the hook it would’ve been better. I also think that the silence after each hit in the hook is unnecessary. And finally, the Illuminati line Hop? Furreal? I could’ve sworn that Hip-Hop was over this “Illuminati is evil” phase. I makes me think you don’t do actual research on the shit you’re talking about

Tears to Snow

All of the feels, Hop. This is one of the songs where I would like to actually have a one on one talk with Hopsin and try to insert a feeling of apathy into his personality. This is what makes the song’s sentiments so good. It makes me something for Hopsin. I want to help this nigga

The hook tho…Hopsin, I know there are some fans that love you enough to sing this hook for you. Where’s that girl from I Am Raw?

Rip Your Heart Out (feat. Tech N9ne)

This is the second best song on the entire album. I honestly don’t understand the problem when people talk about the Ash Ketchem line. I thought it was kinda funny the first time I heard it. I’m glad to hear Hop on a song like this because I can say that I can’t hear Eminem on this type of song

It has this head basher type feel to it. And that Tech feature?

Nollie Tre Flippin:

Here it is, the greatest song on Knock Madness. Hopsin, do you see how your best song doesn’t have you singing on the hook? It’s a rapped hook bro. It’s also the only song that gives me a west coast feel to it. I could only imagine how nice this song is to the skaters

Gimme That Money:

I have no problem with Hopsin being corny. I’m corny too. Plus, I’ve been in some similar situations so I get where he’s coming from. I just feel as tho the execution is too much of a cluster. There’s a little too much going on and the up-tempo beat doesn’t exactly help either. If Hopsin slowed it down it would’ve been a much catchier song

I Need Help:

Overall what I get from this is that Hop’s mind is convoluted as fuck. The song is filled with too many contradictions…He thinks nobody feels his rhymes, but then everyone feels he’s cool when he’s doing it. What? He thinks Dizzy Wright is stealing his shine…Nigga that’s your fault! He’s spazzing out on this track telling us that there will be one more album after this and after that he’s done. I felt the hook was too forced. I feel like this is filler

Hip-Hop Sinister:

The whole song would’ve been better if Hopsin wasn’t yelling. One of the many problems with Hopsin: He can spit, but there’s no substance. He’s already said that he would feel bad if he makes a song that has no point. This song feels like a slow Blood Energy Potion. The bars are forced as fuck. The multis are just trying too hard. Hopsin, I know you can do better than this man…that George Zimmerman line was too damn long bro. This is the song that Jarren Benton should've been on. He could’ve replaced that whole 3rd verse

Hopsin, you have no room to talk about simple rhymes. Your rhymes have been and still are pretty simple. You’re too blunt with your shit, there’s often no type of wit to them

Good Guys Get Left Behind:

Hopsin…you’re 28 and still that naïve? Cmon son. Your message is extremely misconstrued. Is even good to be a “good guy”? Should we all just be a “bad guy”?

The production is ok. I don’t really like the track. Hopsin has too many “I can’t stand these bitches; they don’t do me right tracks”. It’s something that I don’t really need to listen to because I’m not going through the same thing

Bad Manners Freestyle:

This is filler to me too. All of the times I’ve tried to defend Hopsin by saying that “he’s not copying Eminem, he’s just highly influenced” all of that went out the window when he came with the Nun line

However, I wish that this is the production that he used for the previous track. This song suffers the same shit that Hip Hop Sinister does. All bars, no substance. It would all be ok too, the production is mediocre. I’ve heard a bunch of rap songs with no meaning, but the production made up for the lack of subject matter

Old Friend:

There is a problem with Hopsin’s writing. He puts details in the wrong areas and takes away details from vital areas. Why his friend hung out with the guys that got him into meth, who his friend is as a person, or why did his friend take the drugs; none of it is talked about in the entire song. The song is called Old Friend but we’re focused on Hopsin’s feelings for 99% of the record. Why did Hopsin’s friend not give a fuck about what his mom said? We don’t know, but the shit we got from this song is that he was there when Hop first started rapping

Still Got Love For You:

This song feels really repetitive. It’s the permutation of Good Guys Get Left Behind and Gimme That Money. And just like back on Raw…somebody’s pregnant! Hopsin could’ve left this song off of the album completely. The production feels like a leftover from a low selling gospel album. Hopsin disappoint me with this song. And that hook?

Hopsin, you honestly thought Hop Madness was shit, but you put this on your album?

Jungle Bash (feat. SwizZz):

Hopsin’s verse is the same ole shit. It’s nothing special in particular. I appreciate the Das EFX. I’m not gonna lie, I’m giggling at this title. When I saw SwizZz on the Tracklist, I was thinking that he was gonna have a pretty satisfying verse, but for this he’s gave kinda of a lack luster verse. To be honest, I can think of a number of Hopsin & SwizZz joints that he could’ve replace this with

Lunch Time Cypher (feat. Passionate MC & G-Mo Skee):

As soon as this track came on, I stopped. I had to collect myself.  Only one word came to my mind... Just think of when Billy couldn’t stop saying “DESTROY US ALL” or when Spongebob repeats “SOILED IT”. That’s what my mind did. I was hysterical after listening to this. After about 20 minutes of a break, I turned it back on. I KNOW that Hopsin could’ve done better than this

Hopsin, I don’t know what high school you went to, but niggas don’t beat box anymore. They bang on the table or on a hardback book. If you did that, this entire song would’ve at least been listenable

Dream Forever:

I don’t understand why this song is so damn depressing. Hopsin’s more of energetic when he’s mad at someone than when he’s hoping for the love of his dreams. If any song needed someone to sing for Hopsin on this hook, it’s this track

What's My Purpose:

I wish instead of complaining about humans, I wish Hopsin suggested some ways to make humans better. I wish Hopsin didn’t blame America for a racist cop. I wish Hopsin I knew who Hopsin’s idols were. I wish this song was shorter. I wish this song was more motivating than emo. I wish he named this song “EMO” because this is the epitome of what being emo is. I wish this song was more introspective instead of accusing

Caught In The Rain:

Hopsin, why is this song not named “What’s my Purpose”?

I don’t get why Hopsin feels so lonely. Where the fuck is Dame, SwizZz, Dizzy, Jarren, Tech, Jessie, his assistant, or even Bubbles? Not to mention his family and his skater friends? Are record labels, pressuring fans, and women really a bigger part of your life that you can’t talk to any of those people and feel reassured?

I see the growth you’ve had since the previous last track on your album. Pillow Man wanted what you’re talking about, but now you hate it