Man what the fuck
Man, that's bullshit
Fuckin' stupid ass shit

Uh, yeah
(Hello)
Is marcus Hopson here?
(He is, but we aren't taking any vistors)
Can I just not talk to him?
(I don't think so, we don't take women beatin' here very kindly, sir)
Woman beatin--?!
*sighs*
Look, that's not how it went man..
Listen

[Verse 1]

I know this sounds crazy
But you have to hear me out, I'm sayin'
This is a big misunderstanding
She only did it to get her way so he can't visit his kid when she has the baby
Officer
What kind of mother in their right mind would ever wanna hide a fathers face
That wants to be right beside 'em, waitin' to look in his sons eyes when he's born?
Just to see him layin' in another mans hands that wasn't, even fuckin' made for 'em
Huh?
I just don't understand
Nobody in this bitch can tell me that this shit wasn't fuckin' planned
The only reason I'm in Sydney is to perform
'Cause I was flown in by an old homie Dan
He said he holds the ropes of a dope marketing plan
And said he could throw me up on a whole stage with a brand
'Cause I've been broke, hoping to get my family the FUCK out of the hoods dump that we stuck growin' in
So
I was ready to open up with some shows to promote my motherfuckin' jams
But everything I was stoked for got put on hold, thrown down the hole all because his schedule got crammed
There I am still
Standin' in the hotel
Pocketin' keys
While reachin' for my phone
It was cold, fingers froze
I could barely fuckin' think
I didn't know if I was gonna be stranded with no place for me to go

Then out of no where Dan approached  me
With sleeves bigger than his arms inside of his coat
Throwing up his hands with peace signs like "ayo!"
Fuck that
All I, could think was
How could I blow up your phone for so long
Just to receive a stone cold shoulder and only say shit when you see me?
Despite me, but I almost let loose and broke through every single fuckin' row of his god damn teeth!
Man, fuck!
How's he gonna treat me like this? I even gave his ass a place to sleep
I even put food on a plate to eat
I about hit him
But it wasn't like me to fight a homie that I've known since I was 19
But why would he fly me out to NOT fuckin' ride with me?
All of this shit he started to spill was feelin' fishy
I couldn't help but feel it was a payback of some sort that I was missing

We step inside his room right?
He said
"I get you need this promo, but that may have to wait, as I got a lot on my plate with this fuckin' trainin' shit"
"Thats why I haven't opened you a spot yet"
And I was like "Wait, what?"
He said "Yeah, I got a lot of clients that I'm busy with"
"thats why I've been stayin in this hotel a bit
But I'm a get you your plane ticket, get you back to your state, don't worry bout that shit."
I was pissed. So I flipped his table, picked it back up and launched that shit
"Bitch! What you mean you sending me back with no gigs?
This debt, this expense, how you expect me to live after this?
I trusted yo ass to fix how poor my ass is
Now I'm suppose to magically pretend this shit didn't happen?
How?
I ain't got no money in a fuckin' bank account

He said
"Bro, I didn't think it would turn out the way they did.."
I'm a personal trainer now, I get busy with shit, calm down"
Nah, fuck you! This whole time I been tryin' to get on
And you leave me out cause you busy gettin' people in "shape" bitch?
Officer
It didn't make any sense
Why would he fuck me over like that man?

I ain't think anything of the shit
I pushed him out my face
Thinkin' through the action I was about to make
My brain was racing I just wanted to break his face
So before I made a mistake I took a step and walked away
Tryin' to think of clever shit to say
But couldn't
All on my mind was
I wanted to load a gun and take away his life today
I couldn't fathom all the pain in my chest
I couldn't breathe, was going insane, need to take a seat and rest
I was like
You know what?
Aight fuck you
I don't even need those mofuckin' venues
I don't need any fliars or mofuckin' menu
I don't need to be put on by a fuckin' liar like you
Especially, the one I help give my fuckin' life to
I went to leave, before I stormed the door
I told him "listen bitch!
I need cash, a plane ticket
A way to pay these stores
And I'm not fuckin playin' anymore!"

About an hour went by, I was gatherin' my shit
I keep callin and callin he kept stallin' n shit
I texted him a message, it was never read after I sent
No reply, so fuck it, I decided to visit
I'll be damned if this cocksucker thinks we are finished
I arrived at his door after 15 minutes
Hear a strange noise coming from with in it
Door was unlocked, I didn't give a fuck
I opened it, and barged right in it
Started hollerin' "Yo, where the fuck you at?"
All I seen was him and a girl covered up in the bed
The girl who was layin' up beside his head peaked out
I freaked out
"Is that, a-alyce?! What the fuck?"
She jumped up
I pulled my phone out, went to take a pic quick
As I was taking it, she was screamin' "Please, god, NO! Delete that shit!"
I was like
Man!
I can't BELIEVE this shit!
I snapped Marcus the pic, he replied "Yo, where you find this?"
I said "Snapchat bro, I just took it. Put it all on my timeline, shit."
I was thinkin
What kinda dude fucks a pregnant chick?
Marcus came in pissed
Walked up to her, took her purse and launched that shit
She got up out of bed to get it
He pushed her ass right back in it
He said "let's get this paternity test I'm not kiddin' bitch!"
She said "No, I'm not getting it!"
And right as security came blastin' in it
He asked her "how the fuck you get that cash that's in it?"
Shit was crazy, we was both confused
I look at Marcus, and said..
Man, this shit is fuckin sad
Dude, I still don't know if this baby is yours or not
So when he's born, who's gonna be the fuckin' dad?
You?