[Verse 1]

FUCK Language Arts! Yo
It's kinda sad to see a fake ass Cassidy
Trying to drastically murder me when you battle me
Homie you're not the man you ain't even got no fans
I beat you over the head with my mama's pots and pans
You shouldn't want to rhyme because the only fan you'll ever have is the one you cool off with in summer time
You pick me to battle, dog i'm the worst one
I got your fuckin' mama wishing I was her son
Instead of you i wish you would leave no residue
I make a mess of you, You'll be needing treatment that's medical
So backing down from this battle is what you better do
Ah fuck it i'll show you how to wreck it dude
You put yourself in this situation you piece of shit you anus
I'll rip you famous and i'll diss you back just to get YOU famous
Whack mother fucker you can't even hit my ranges
What's wrong didn't think Hopsin could come strong?
How you going to be a rapper, you only got one song
I come with better art
Your career is like a car with no battery
Homie it ain't gonna ever start
I'll shred apart your diss and fill your head with darts
I'm hella smart whats happening dog? You fell apart?
Well listen heres a big suggestion
Don't come online when their disses present, it's a lesson
Because the only tight shit you've ever rapped
Was a mother fuckin' christmas present bitch!
You diss my fan base? I'll sock your damn face and
Kick your knee caps in so you can't stand straight
This man's fake, now who's for that shit?
Come on he has a fake New York accent
Language you really thinking you at the top? (yeah)
How's that? soundclick voted you as a flop (ha)
You stupid by being the first to spit
I ain't even gotta write another verse to this
I murked this shit so go ahead and write a diss back
Your shits whack, when i hear it i just laugh
HOO-HEE-HA-HA  you're funny man
Then I saw your picture on the internet, you're ugly man
You always talkin' about you're chasing whores
With that ugly ass face of yours? man you're faking dog
I'LL MAKE THE CAUSE TO BREAK YOUR JAW MAKE YOU WALK HOME NAKED WHEN I TAKE YOUR DRAWERS
NIGGA YOU CAN LICK MY GREAT BIG BALLS I'LL PUT A GUN TO YOUR HEAD MOTHER FUCKER SAY I'M RAW! SAY IT!!
Man i'm getting tired of doing this
Your whole career man, I just ruined it
It's time for me to go now (go now)
Let your career go down (go down) OHH WOW

Whooa I hate to break your heart
But Hopsin just killed Language Arts
Heyyy fuck Language Arts
I really really really hate to break your heart i said
Whooa I hate to break your heart
But Hopsin just killed Language Arts
Heyyy fuck Language Arts
I really really really hate to break your heart
Now sing Ayy yo Ayy yo Ayy yo, nigga you don't wanna step to me
You are just a weak MC, acting like you're from the streets

Fuck Language Arts!
Bitch