[Skit: Hopsin & Friend]
Ayo Pillowman
Wassup man?
It's almost Christmas bro, aren't you excited?
Man, hell no
Huh? Why not?
Man, it's a long story, man
Dude, what's going on?

[Chorus: Hopsin (Friend)]
Hey Mom, Dad
What did you get me for
Christmas?
(You gotta feel the spirit bro, come on)
Hey Mom (Sing it), Dad (Yeah)
What did you get me for
Christmas?
Lemme tell you what Christmas is like for me, man
Check this shit out (What's going on, man?)

[Verse: Hopsin (Friend)]
Yo, this year, I'm really not looking forward to Christmas (Why?)
I'ma wake up really happy, then get pissed 'cause I ain't get shit (Aw)
Momma be in the kitchen, cooking burnt ass biscuits (Ew)
When I look at 'em funny, her ass gon' be like "What is it?" (Ha)
My friend gon' call me up telling me bullshit that I can't believe
Like "Yo bro, guess what? My mom got me Mercedes keys" (Woah)
And I'ma lie and be like "Yeah, that shit is great ya see
But to be honest, Christmas is just another day to me" (I see)
I'ma be mad 'cause his parents rich and my parents not (So?)
He gets cars, I get pairs of socks
I'm always gettin' treated unfair a lot, this Christmas, I ain't havin' fun
Our tree ain't even real, it's a detachable plastic one (No way)
My dad gon' come with his cheap watch that he got me
From the swap meet, and if I ask him if it's real, he'll say "Probably" (Oh)
Man Dad, do you have no heart? You couldn't get me a go kart
Or a Tyco RC remote control car? (Chillax)
He gon' be like "There you go makin' this noise
I done told yo ass you too old to playin' with toys"
Then my mom gon' walk in the room and start arguin' too
My dad gon' be like "Go woman, nobody talkin' to you" (Wow)
And I'ma say "Dad you love talking mad shit
But in public you always act like you above causing havoc? (No way)
Then I'ma run upstairs, mad as fuck 'cause I've had it
Probably masturbate while watching Spongebob and Patrick (Ew)
I don't know

[Chorus: Hopsin]
Hey Mom, Dad
What did you get me for
Christmas?
Hey Mom, Dad
I said what did you get me for
Christmas?

[Outro: Hopsin]
Fuck man, stupid ass Christmas, man
That shit used to be fun when I was little
Now that shit is wack as fuck, man
Turned into a grown ass man now
Stupid ass real life shit, man, Damn!