[Intro: Passionate MC as radio host & Hopsin as Hash Brown]
(H-H-H-Hot 92. 4, Where Hip-Hop lives)
— Ladies and gentlemen, we at Hot 92.4. We got a very special guest in the building. Yo, make some noise for my boy Hash Brown, man! Hash, how you livin', baby?
— Ayy, you already know what it is!
— Anyway, uh, I heard tha-that you went ten times platinum off "No Words" and that's your first song ever. I-I need to know, I need to know…
— Ayy man, you know niggas be when you get this, b.
— Yo, is this nigga's mic on?
— Yeah it's on, man.
— Like I can't even understand what the fuck this nigga's sayin', b, like. You know what? Fuck the interview, fuck it. Let's play the new single and get this dumb shit over with! Ayo, this the new single by Hashbrown, called "Mandelas". I don't really know what the song is about, but this shit is litty. Hot 92.4, we in the building!

[Verse 1: Hopsin as Hash Brown]
Ayy, I fuck a bitch in the bath (skrrt)
I got this bitch in the bath (I do!)
I got more money than ash
I put it deep in the ass
Fuckin' your bitch in my bath
I put the bitch in my bath
I hit the bush with my dad
I fuck your bitch with my dad
(BRRRRRR skrrt, ah)
I fuck your bitch while I'm waitin' for Dominoes
(Waitin' for Dominoes, nigga!) (Ha ha ha!)
Ah ah ah, throwin' those benjis for Dominoes
(Give me the dominoes!)
Fuck them with Uzi's, now there's enough money
Ah ah ah, me and my niggas we eatin' some Dominoes

[Hook: Hopsin as Hash Brown]
Look at me countin' Mandelas, ayy (Mandelas!)
Look at me countin' Mandelas, ayy (Mande-)
Look at me countin' Mandelas, ayy (Mandela!)
Look at me countin' Mandelas, ayy (Mandela!)
Look at me countin' Mandelas, ayy (look at me countin' Mandela!)
Look at me countin' Mandelas, ayy (look at me countin'!)
Look at me countin' Mandelas, ayy (look at me countin' Mandela!)
Look at me countin' Mandelas, ayy (look at me countin' Mandela!)
Look at me countin' Mandelas, ayy (that money)
Look at me countin' Mandelas, ayy (that money)
Look at me countin' Mandelas, ayy (I do)
Look at me countin' Mandelas, ayy (that money)
Look at me countin' Mandelas, ayy (I do)
Look at me countin' Mandelas, ayy (Mandelas!)
Look at me countin' Mandelas, ayy (Mandela!)
Look at me countin' Mandelas, ayy (Mandela!)

[Verse 2: Hopsin as Hash Brown]
I don't remember the [ghost phase?]
Hit a nigga with the Uzi (BRRRAT)
Even though I ain't into foreplay
I be fuckin' bitches with the foreplay (I do)
Mm, she wanna play with the penis, play with the peni—
I’m with the panties and penis (buy panties and pee-)

[Outro Skit: Passionate MC as radio host]
WOOO, NEW YORK CITY! HOT 92.4!
WAKE THE FUCK UP! WE IN THE BUILDING!
HASH BROWN, MANDELAS
GET YOUR FUCKIN' MANDELAS!
MAN, YO WE OUT THIS BITCH!