[Verse 1: Hopsin]
Do you know what the fuck it's like
Stuck inside this hell hole with a rusted mic?
There ain't no buck in sight of sleepin' with the dust and mites
I scream because I ain't got the guts to cry
What the fuck did I ever do to be put here?
Is it because I'm a black nigga who looks weird?
I'm trynna make 2-11 a good year
But I don't even see a outlet I could steer
Every single morning when I be waking up
I be trynna develop a dope new-age rap
But before doing it, I go into the kitchen
To get me a couple noodles and a Kool-Aid pack
Motherfuckers wanna kill the momentum
When I kick a syllable, I never cut off the venom
See, I battle a lot of niggas but they don't get to win 'em
The minute I pin 'em, my pals where I'm hoping to send 'em, c'mon
My career's got no solution
Can't wear my contacts, I got no solution
Everybody keep on telling me I'm s'posed to do shit
If you was on the edge, how close would you get
To cuttin' the neck, for some fuckin' respect?
'Cause you stuck in the debt and they ain't cuttin' the check
The pain up in your chest, all the sudden ejects
'Cause you claim to rack it in but they wasn't impressed
Fuck that, I'ma clash back
You treated me like I'm a lab rat
I was the nigga that you would laugh at
Runnin' your mouth, talkin' mad crap
Last year I made 6 Gs, this year I have that
Back back 'fore your brains is blown
You finna step in the danger zone
Fuck a king, nigga, take the throne
Through the struggle I remain alone
If you feelin' me then sang along, c'mon

[Hook: Hopsin]
Now, I'm on the dark side, representin'
'Cause I lived a hard life and Heaven didn't
Arrive in time enough to save me
So, I'm giving you back what you gave me (Don't blame be)
(AYE!)
I ain't really in the mood for none of your gibberish
So get up out my (FACE!)
Niggas who lookin' for problems, you could come and get it
I promise you, it'll make my (DAY!)
When I'm rollin' through your neighborhood with rage in my eyes
Stay up out my (WAY!)
You should be very afraid

[Verse 2: Dagda]
I'm blessed that Heaven wasn't too late to save me
'Cause lately a lotta haters talkin' like they be
Tuts, what the fuck man? They just too shady
Attacking like a fuckin' pack of rabbits with rabies
Get up off my ankle cuffs, let 'em dangle from ma nuts
Go straight then I fade 'em, kick in the dust
Kick 'em out the house, when I throw it they get punched
And I sit up in they mouth like a ball with no [?]
(What!?)
Gotta get up in 'em with the rhythm
Keep defendin' the 'pendant, let 'em know that you mean business
Have I neglected to mention about the method intentions?
So sick when I stay with that sickness
Yeah, I'm ill but it's not contagious
Trynna bite it like Mike, rip out the pages
Of my fucking writin' book
I stand beside kush, bouta go up on the mic-crush lines, I'm dangerous
It's Dagda (WOO)
Latch y'all like a dog
Hop up on that lily pad, feelin' like a frog
Jog through the fog or that Detroit smog
It's the downriver villain like [?]
To the side, let 'em drop
Now, I'm not like y'all
Had haters on my cock since I got tall
Wanna talk big shit, but they just pop small
Wanna imitate Pac, but they're not outlaws
Fuck that, get the trash can, crumble up the paper
Throw it in the bag, let 'em know thats where they raps at
They don't really want it part black in these whack cats
Shit a homie pants like they set up on a snack pack
That's that, then we close the show
You ain't had to get smacked, but I told you so
Back track but the fact is this is over bro
Just another turned shoulder, frozen, cold as snow
So, let's go

[Hook: Hopsin]
Now, I'm on the dark side, representin'
'Cause I lived a hard life
And Heaven didn't, arrive in time enough to save me
So, I'm giving you back what you gave me (Don't Blame Me)
(AYE!)
I ain't really in the mood for none of your gibberish
So get up out my (FACE!)
Niggas who lookin' for problems, you could come and get it
I promise you it'll make my (DAY!)
When I'm rollin' through your neighborhood with rage in my eyes
Stay up out my (WAY!)
You should be very afraid

[Outro: Dagda]
Yeah
It's Dagda and Hopsin
Myfunkvolume.com
Dagthemusic.com
Yeeah, What up tho Cali?
Downriver
Detroit!