[Verse 1: Critta]
I said watch out, watch out hip hop when I'm coming through
I been right outside your window saying "I see you" (I see you)
Truce, well I guess it's time to introduce
Myself to the game, why you complain, the pain was self induced
Like a ho who gets too loose with a little of booze, there's no excuse
'Cause I came at the right angle but her pussy was too obtuse
Every time that I get a little wild, end up at the top and I'm looking down
Free fall like a rock when I hit the ground (Done jumping the man) yeah I like your sound
So insane wit' it
That you get it with a brain quit playing with it
So sick [?] pull the pin, grenade blows [?] then you motherfuckers ain't shit
That's how we do this, Hop and Critta man we dropping some new shit
Leave you toothless
On the park bench singing how we do it
Gotta [?] I'm only giving you my two cents
I'm a ruthless nuisance
Spitting so quick gotta look like an audio illusion
When I'm cruising please don't get up in my way, you're losing
Confusing this bomb that I set, wait
What the fuck am I doing?
You know I got the balls so I put them to wall
Boom, that's how we do it

[Chorus: Hopsin]
Drop your motherfuckin' weapons, it's Hop and Critta
Ain't had no meal in a long ass time, nigga what's for dinner?
Yeah what we got (ayy), yeah what we got (ayy)
Yeah what we got (ayy), c'mon what we got (ayy)
We some thinners, so what you want now?
We gon' get it popping soon as the sun's down
Yeah, what we got (plays), yeah, what we got (knives)
Yeah, what we got (grenades), yeah, what we got (surprise)

[Verse 2: Hopsin]
Hi! Surprise it's I, everybody better run quick
'Fore I unzip my luggage and grab the gun clip and bust till your lung's drip
All types of shit
Blood, mucus and puss
Drugs you get to flush
Plus you get to rush
What's cooler than us, nuttin'
Keep your motherfuckin' mouth closed
Homie, we about to stuff you in the truck
Anybody gotta problem with me
It's no thing, I'ma off 'em quickly
Suck dick till the balls are dripping
But yell out till the law come gets me
Niggas like me are often tricky
Yes I know, I'm giving you a taste of the westside flow
Give me a minute because I'm 'bout to show you niggas how I strep my throat
The dog is out
Niggas keep talking but never wanna call 'em out
What's this is all about?
I see 'em eying me down but then I called it out
If they ever think of trying it I stomp 'em out
Yo Critta, tell 'em all what it really do
I'ma rent a hotel with a mini room
Put 'em inside of a bag
Drag all of 'em in
'Cause we don't never take bullshit from any dude
What? I'm far from an icon
Yep! I'm strapped with a pipe bomb
I'll blow this bitch for no reason
The moment you hit the big bang, then your life's gone
Get down, lock and load
I'ma beat on all y'all, let's rock and roll
I'ma take your cheese, then I'm out the door
If he don't wanna give it up, then the Glock explodes

[Chorus: Hopsin]
Drop your motherfuckin' weapons, it's Hop and Critta
Ain't had no meal in a long ass time, nigga what's for dinner?
Yeah what we got (ayy), yeah what we got (ayy)
Yeah what we got (ayy), c'mon what we got (ayy)
We some thinners, so what you want now?
We gon' get it popping soon as the sun's down
Yeah, what we got (plays), yeah, what we got (knives)
Yeah, what we got (grenades), yeah, what we got (surprise)

[Verse 3: Critta]
Welcome back, it's I
Jump out of a cake, surprise
Done civilized design
Wanna back up your behind, it's fine
But I really wanna hit it from both sides
Got a hungry mind (mind)
So I kill it every time (time)
Get around in a line
Ready or not I'm about to blow up
Like a [?] mine
So I know you wanna hit me, kill me, swiftly
Quickly feel me, snip me
Trip me strictly, but you never get me
Gotta borrow soap 'cause I'm feeling filthy
Well I guess I'm guilty
Gotta start running from the law
Every time I get this [?] doing like this
Put the crowd in awe, like my jaw
So you know why I'm hungry yo
Gotta get it I'm an underdog
Feel it coming when the thunder rolls
I'm ready for bad I'm little [?]
'Cause I've always been a little strange
Never really wanted me to change
Fucked up things inside of my brain
Fuck fruit of the loom, [?] Hanes
Well me in particular
Commit manslaughter, vehicular
Money but we [?] testicular
I keep middle finger perpendicular
Cool it down I'ma get a little hot
Jump around then the album drops
Needed a sound and I'm calling Hop
To show you motherfuckers just what we got

[Chorus: Hopsin]
Drop your motherfuckin' weapons, it's Hop and Critta
Ain't had no meal in a long ass time, nigga what's for dinner?
Yeah what we got (ayy), yeah what we got (ayy)
Yeah what we got (ayy), c'mon what we got (ayy)
We some thinners, so what you want now?
We gon' get it popping soon as the sun's down
Yeah, what we got (plays), yeah, what we got (knives)
Yeah, what we got (grenades), yeah, what we got (surprise)

[Outro: Critta]
You know what the fuckin' deal is
Come and get it