[Intro: Mic Geronimo]
You know what I'm saying represent for the fam...
From crazy-ass Queens, you know what I'm saying...
One time for your mind.  Check it out
For those that don't know the way I flow
My name is fucking Mic Geronimo, you know what I'm saying?
Shouts to my whole fam, you know what I'm sayin?
I'm representing y'all know who you is
And we about to spark this, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah check it out, check check it out

[Verse 1: Mic Geronimo]
Another day of stepping through the belly of the beast
I leave the compound and make my way to my stomping ground
I'm just about broke to the letter
It can't get any worse shit can only get better
My burner lampin' by my waistline Geronimo will be fine
My niggas got my back and undefined
So now I unwind and keep my focus on my schedule
It's critical for me to run a scan on my plan
I keep steppin and on the DL I'll be well
And as for gospel chicks and get her goin' as possible
I make a red bone a dead bone after my bed bone
I'll leave her ass sewn from my tone

I then I bounce again? my family jump in tha ride?
And see what's going down on the other side of town
It's all about loungin' and keepin' shit together
No matta' the weatha' you find me out doin' whateva'
And when the sun fall word to mom ??? we're on the move
So nobody can bust up the mothafuckin' groove
It's illin' enough to catch the fingatip' feel
Check the rhyme paragraph, because my shit is real

[Hook: Mic Geronimo]
Shit gets real you know the feelin' gets realer
Uh shit's real yeah you know shit's for real
Uh shit's real yeah you know shit's for real
I smoke a 20 bag of Buddha then I'm ready to peel
Shit's real now you know the feelin' gets realer
Uh shit's real yeah you know shit's for real
Uh shit's real yeah you know shit's for real
Get a taste for my feel I freak mics like sex appeal

[Verse 2: Mic Geronimo]
It's healin' up, to hit your grillin' up
Like catch a nightstick mix to your brain on your handcuff
For every episode I unfold there be another sick story
And my minda' be told
And every time I take flight in the midnight
The police be searchin' for a nigga wit tha killa' mouthpiece
Since my first birthday I've been in with more tricks than a tramp
My dinna' ??? sleep away can ???
And any herb with a boot throw a verb to get kids to the curb
And get thrown off the bridge called the Williamsburg
All your pipe dreams are hopes are burned up like choke smoke
And in a simple sec I push a Tec to your neck, your neck
So leave me alone and get thrown
I'll be your line for more taps than the Feds buggin' telephones
Flippin' niggas and leavin' them sleepin' in the chalk straight
DTs be bummed ??? so by a microphone scarface
I be off that nigga in the front we frontin' niggas
Blunts and this punk from a rhyme till I'm done thug ???
I keep my form in the storm of a raw deal and give you a torn feel
Because my shit is real

[Hook: Mic Geronimo]
Shit gets real you know the feelin' gets realer
Uh shit's real yeah you know shit's for real
Uh shit's real yeah you know shit's for real
Throw a clip from my hip to start bustin' off steel, steel
Stay close ??? when I stride em up ???
I tear your ass off the frame where ya hidin' up
I grab bitches by stacks and stacks and I'm?
You catch a lick in the back from my baseball bat

[Verse 3: Mic Geronimo]
I take the time of my last words to rhyme to say peace
To all the members of my fam doin' jail time
Makin' your brain cells swell
When niggas couldn't rhyme, ayyo I grab the bag of Rothwell
For me I keep real when I'm memorize your name
Niggas will neva' be the same, cuz I'm bad in the game
Uh, I tote mics in daylight chalk and steel
And now you know the deal, because my shit is real

[Hook: Mic Geronimo]
Shit gets real you know the feelin' gets realer
Uh shit's real yeah you know shit's real
Uh shit's real yeah you know shit's real
I keep a mad phat flow on the real to real, to real
Shit gets real you know the feelin' gets realer
Uh shit's real yeah you know shit's for real
Uh shit's real yeah you know shit's for real
Shit's gettin' realer cuz my shit is real