[Intro: DJ Drama]
Hustle Gang
Remix! F.D.B!

[Bridge: Young Dro]
West Side, Bankhead, that's where I'm from
Everything y’all did, it been done
My Tru game and my shoe game
Can’t touch that shit

[Hook: Young Dro]
Bitch steady holl'in' ‘bout "fuck me?"
Nah, fuck that bitch
Fuck that bitch (x2)
Bitch steady holl'in' ‘bout "fuck me?"
Nah, fuck that bitch
Fuck that bitch (x2)
Bitch steady holl'in' ‘bout "fuck me?"
Nah, fuck that bitch

[Verse 1: Young Dro]
I'mma go three, stupid on the remix
I'mma show you how to raise up out the fire like a phoenix
I'm a Bankhead nigga, so I'm straighter than a penis
If ya try the Westside, I'mma nut up like semen
Ice got me anemic, walking up in Neiman's
And everytime I get a new broad, I get subpoenaed
My baby mama mad and my girl look like a genie
I got racks like Venus, 20 stack in my jeans
Bread like panini, eating steaks and zucchini
Wit' ya broad in Tahiti, spaghetti string bikini
I don't spit on tracks, I throw up on 'em like bulimic
Pardon, my High Time album a problem, wait!

[Hook]

[Verse 2: B.o.B]
Eastside, Candler Road, with yo' ho, I'm an animal
She twerk that pussy, Hannah Montana, ho
Yeah, her feet pretty, I just want the camel toe
Yeah, she thought that I was playing till I'm claiming
I'mma slap my name on it like a motherfucking envelope, yeah!
Shouts out to my nigga Young Dro
And all the real niggas on the Westside
This year, when I turn 25, I'mma take a G5 for a test drive
Southside girls got all the game
Northside girls sniff all the 'caine
Eastside girls talk all the shit
And all the Westside girls say "fuck that bitch"

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Wale]
We lit for the remix, nigga so cold
I'm in the helix with three chicks, waiting on the fourth
And my shoe game, oh, nah, already know
I do things, Liu Kang, ready, set, go, uh
Knock, knock, hear the bitches at the door?
Party at Onyx, I'm leaving out broke
Walking beside me, you see a light show
Well, my girl got a girl, guess I'm living like Dro
Dro, clean in this bitch
Now, I'm finna shoulder lean in this bitch
They don't even search my team in this bitch
So I pro'ly got the purp and lean in this biotch!
Still it's "fuck that chick"
Hit her off the Goose then duck that chick
Hold up, we don't rock like that
Make 'em all fall back, never trust that chick
Bob Marley tip, reggaeton, oh baby, I'm the boss of that
Never give your heart if she not for real
So go and play some Pac, that's why we call you bitch

[Hook]

[Verse 4: Chief Keef]
Bitch, don't even want you no more, fuck that shit
Every nigga toting around me, he better bust that bitch
Heard y'all niggas playa hatin', what's up with that shit?
He gon' get you played up, get your paper up, but don't cuff that bitch
My squad, we'll fuck that bitch
She ain't even know I'm the CEO, that dumb ass bitch
Forty thousand in Moncler, yeah, I run that bitch
And I run with O'Block but yo' block, I'm on that bitch
Lil stuntin' ass bitch
Hood nigga, love money, I throw bands, look up for that shit
She spilled some liquor on my Louie, I'm off that bitch
Then I took that bitch virginity, I got some top and I fucked that bitch

[Hook]