[Intro: DJ Drama]
Hustle Gang
Remix! F.D.B!

[Bridge: Young Dro]
West Side, Bankhead, that's where I'm from
Everything y’all did, it been done
My Tru game and my shoe game
You can’t touch that shit

[Hook: Young Dro]
Bitch steady holl'in' ‘bout "fuck me?"
Nah, fuck that bitch
Fuck that bitch (x2)
Bitch steady holl'in' ‘bout "fuck me?"
Nah, fuck that bitch
Fuck that bitch (x2)
Bitch steady holl'in' ‘bout "fuck me?"
Nah, fuck that bitch

[Verse 1: French Montana]
Biotch! Fuck that bitch like Too $hort
My whole crew here, fuck you thought?
Bum bitch smoking that Newport
Ho keep talking bout "fuck me"
Man, fuck that bitch
Ho told you she ain't fuck me?
Man, I fucked that bitch
Why you mad I ain't give you stacks?
Why you mad I ain't call you back?
I ain't buy you that, I ain't fly you back
Poor ass nigga, that ain't how you act
Now a bitch talking bout "fuck me"
Man, fuck that bitch
Ho keep telling you "trust me"
Man, I don't trust that bitch
Coke Boys, South Bronx, that's where I'm from
That fly shit my niggas talk never been done
My shoe game is on Hammer Time, can't touch that shit
Ho keep talking bout "fuck me"
Man, fuck that bitch

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Young Dro]
I'mma go three, stupid on the remix
I'mma show you how to raise up out the fire like a phoenix
I'm a Bankhead nigga, so I'm straighter than a penis
If ya try the Westside, I'mma nut up like semen
Ice got me anemic, walking up in Neiman's
And everytime I get a new broad, I get subpoenaed
My baby mama mad and my girl look like a genie
I got racks like Venus, 20 stack in my jeans
Bread like panini, eating steaks and zucchini
Wit' ya broad in Tahiti, spaghetti string bikini
I don't spit on tracks, I throw up on 'em like bulimic
Pardon, my High Time album a problem, wait!

[Hook]

[Verse 3: T.I.]
I'm the yacht master, Rollie iced like a hockey player
Kick it like a soccer player, nigga hating like a goalie
Long neck, group sex, all your bitch got for me
We been walking on the stars since midnight, homie
I destroy the pussy, hit it like a fist fight, homie
My dick only know what she kiss like, homie
See, the molly got her gone, you be calling, she ignoring
I was balls deep in it, nigga, you ain't even know it
Blowing headband, strongest in the land
Say you hit it? So, you ain't the only nigga can!
She wanna be a freak, you wanna be a man
Getting head in the Coupe, sex in the Sprinter Van
Running full court game, no one-on-one
Take this dub, hit a one on one
Ain't nothing else to do, she wanna cum for fun
I'm by myself, I brung no one
Nigga, she want me like Givenchy
In a presidential suite, nigga, me on three
Why they call me pussy pumper? Nigga, she gon' see
Like she gon' see, like she gon' see
Okay, Hustle Gang, nigga, only thing I wear
Oh yeah, and A King of Oneself
And Strivers Row, you know me, ho
Know where I'm from, know what I rep

[Hook]

[Interlude: Young Dro]
(I train hoes, I'm a pimp, Trinidad Jame$ clothes)

[Verse 4: Trinidad Jame$]
Southside, ClayCo, that's where I'm from
I'm on these Red Bottoms, Rick Owens
I been rocking them Jordans
I said now, Ag compound
Gimme money, I'll throw it
My hair luxurious, yo' shit ain't growing!
I got a smile on my face like Dro old cover
Fuck yo' bitch on the couch, no cover
Nigga, fuck yo' couch, I'm Rick James, brother
She a super freak, she don't like no rubbers
Fuck you, nigga, then fuck yo' cousin
For some shoes and a couple hundred
I thought you knew, let me teach you something
She'll suck me and kiss you like it ain't nothing
Ugh, that bitch cold, nigga, now you know
You hold on the pussy? I got pussy on hold
I get a whole lot of pussy, nigga, after my show
Red, black and white girls, yeah, they them Trinidad hoes

[Hook]

[Outro: DJ Drama]
I told you Hustle Gang on everything
Tip, French, Trinidad
Droski, DJ Drama