[T.I. Speaking]
Yo ho-ass niggas
Yeah you already know what it is
P$C homie, Pimp Squad Click
Grand Hustle pimpin', West Side
Mac Boney, AK, C-Rod
Ay, Big Kuntry King, T.I.P. pimpin'
Young Dro, what it is

[Verse 1: T.I.]
Hey pimpin', you ain't even gotta wonder who is the man
Got white, got tan in a Buick sedan
Shawty cool as a fan, with a tool in the hand
Did a few in the can, then flew to Japan
I make moves, no plans, ya'll do what you can
I know they still don't understand how I influence the fans
Get a mil on the back end, and a few in advance
You see I ain't just dropping records pimp, I'm building a brand
First week, scanned five hundred thousand, damn
This race is a marathon, how many miles you ran?
The gun fights and court cases just supply the hype
And then you wonder why we called it 25 To Life

[Verse 2: Mac Boney]
In Atlanta I'm the man, Peru I'm a giant
Got a deal, half a mil, no Freestyle Friday
It's my way or the highway, sell yey, buy yey
They say diamonds are forever, so I wear them thanks to Kanye
I drive [(?? 1:30)] down a one-way, with my gun out on a Monday
Land your hating on my runway, I'ma melt you like a sundae
We can start the beefing now, on Gangsta Grillz I'm bout that gunplay
You get it poppin' on a two-way, I get it poppin' in [(?? 1:50) your poo-face]

[Verse 3: Young Dro]
Hey yo, my guns come from kosovo, blow open your Rover door
And overthrow all ya'll suckers with the forty four
AK in your shoulder blow and shoot you in the throat some more
Sosa Dro, the one who left Scarface with an open hole
[(?? 2:05) ??] beef with me, it's asinine, acid rhyme
Your Tahoe sit on 26, mine sit on 29
Pass I'm flying, try to stop me, go 'head
[(?? 2:12) Dope bread, try to chop a] Gucci lean and shoot him in the forehead

[Verse 4: Big Kuntry King]
(You know who this is, man)
It's hurricane, Kuntry King, pimpin' at its finest baby
When your girls choose, grown men turn into whining babies
In the club, vision light, purp getting my vision right
VVSs in my chain, baby I guess I am the light
In the game, like a Learjet, 'bout to take flight
Over these cloudy suckers, I'm getting money suckers
I'm from the West side, the opposite of Chris Tucker
Where the trap stars follow us, cause we known hustlers
I'm so gangsta, like a [(?? 2:42) Don, a gone] story
That white girl bought me everything, that's no story
Shawty, you could read it, while I'm out here living it
Rubberband banks standing tall, see I'm doing it

[Verse 5: C-Rod]
Hey yo, this Pimp Squad radio, and this is more than rap
You can catch me in the streets, getting to the flow
Riding in my '84, with a zone of purp
And two chicks to flirt, with none up under they skirt, and boy I keep that work
And you can catch me on the West side of Atlanta, putting in work
Whether it's grams to fiends or these rounds to the team
It be the Squad that they scream when we step on the scene

[Verse 6: AK]
(Ch-chop)
The West side phenomenon, the ghetto icon
First born, another Southern leader's what I've become
AK, that's me, P$C my clique, break bread with Jason G
I was made on the streets, South West to MLK
I'm the silent assassin, wild and graphic
You, you just a make-believer made out of plastic
Ask every continent who they prefer on top
Pimp Squad bust it open while they say "Don't stop"
The chop master, who? Razor man, AK man
Like Brian Nichols, this my trial, make you suckers dead men
25 To Life the album that's gon' break they plans
Don't shake my hand, uncuff your lady, she's a horny fan

[T.I. speaking]
West side A-town Bankhead
P$C pimpin'