[Intro]
Yeah, what you know bout that Kayrone shit, when that waterbug crawled in that babygirl mouth, killa
Did that shit killed them white folks livin in the big house

[Chorus: Ricco Barrino]
Hmmm, now tell me can you stand it?
Been in the trap about four days
Can't sleep these bills they gotta get paid
These niggas snitched and brought up ya name
Now tell me can you stand it?
Hearin' ya patna just got killed
The cops shot him like he didn't deserve to live (oh no)
Stuck in this trap and I'm feelin' pain yeah
Trying hard just to stand the rain

[Verse 1: Young Dro]
Dro, hard wit it, thought I ran outta guap didn't it (nope)
Thought I ran outta fakin' God (what?)
Thought I ran outta cars didn't it (zrooom)
Even though me and 'Tasia broke up, I miss and respect shawty heart wit it
I had six goals it was like a spades hand, I ain't even play cards (stupid ass)
And I never knew nothin' bout a Visa, food stamp them our people
The Barrino family used to sing so hard, I start crying like a tile weeper (hol up Ricc)
Shawty came wit that street sweeper, shawty shot up some sweet people
One week, without Jesus, is a weak nigga, peep it nigga

[Chorus: Ricco Barrino]
Now tell me can you stand it?
Watchin' yo momma cry (momma stop cryin')
Tears runnin' down her face
She just heard her baby died
Oh, now tell me can you stand it?
Livin' on this earth in hell
In the trap gettin' off that work
In a place that's full of pain
Tell me can you stand the rain

[Verse 2: Young Dro]
The [?] you love I'on wanna go no more, tired of wearing these polo clothes
Tired of talking bout these ices and busta niggas kickin' in these doors (uh)
What the hell are we workin' for?
Momma used to be crying in the room, now my momma be twerkin' though (uh)
Ha, now what the hell is my daughter doing? (Taylor)
God please bless my family (please), everything about to be [?]
Move out the hood up to [?] and yo bubblegum ass, need chewin'
Swear to God I wanna pray for you but I can't do it cause you evil doing and I'm right with it
Turn around with that Glock wit it (bow), bust it off I got shots with it (Glock)
And protectin' my house with it (cmon), this what I suppose to do (yes)
You don't remember them phone issues, you don't remember them [?] that the glass went through and I bled through the shoe

[Chorus: Ricco Barrino]
Tell me can you stand it? this rain (I love you momma)
Tell me can you stand it? this pain
Tell me can you stand it? I don't know what I'm gonna do
Tell me can you stand it? (thank you momma)
Now tell me can you stand it?
Livin' on this earth in hell (you know I talk this shit)
In the trap gettin' off that work
In a place that's full of pain (yeah)
Ooh tell me can you stand the rain

[Bridge: Young Dro]
My wings on I can't fly God, scared to ask you why God
Think that I went blind, what is wrong with my eyes God
Leave me, I can't see you, everybody comin' these two
They bustin' K's and I'm runnin' through, everybody wanna be fooled but I'm smart enough and I'm hard enough
Tellin' me what's botherin' ya, and I swear to help you if I can
My co-defendant, my main man, now who the fuck killed momma boy
Why the hell ya'll totin' toys, why the hell we hungry
God help your son boy, it's Dro

[Outro: Young Dro & Ricco Barrino]
Yo momma ain't never got shot five times bruh
Yo daddy ain't no purified bonafide junkie bruh
Ya'll ain't neva had to borrow ice before huh
We don't need sugar no mo', we don't need flour there
We stood the rain baby, yeah
Come from the church widdit though, grandma son has it
Tell me can you stand the rain, bring it back