[DJ scratches]

[Keyshia Cole] (T.I.)
You need to get if he don't wanna (Ey, ey, Keyshia Cole)
LOVE you the right way, he ain't gonna (ey, ey, Grand Hustle)
It ain't where he's at, it's where he.. (Ey, ey, ey, ey)
WHERE HE WANNA BEEE, YEAH-HEAA (Ey, ey..)

[T.I. overlaps] (Young Dro)
What's happenin, shawty?
You know me! It's THE KING!
(It's Young Dro) Aight now
(I'ma show you how we be)
REMIX!!

[Young Dro]
Face it, I'm messin around with lil' shawty
She be at the mall, bustin it down wit lil' shawty (Ay, what yo do?)
I took her out the Cabo and shot that Balenciaga (damn!)
I show 'em how that Vu' tatin look up in the Gallardo
Why doe? My girl, she ain't makin me feel right (okay)
I mess around with shawty, she be makin me feel like (yes)
I could have somethin so we bond and let it go
But afterwhile, you gon' have to go on and let it go

[Keyshia Cole]
I understand why you wanna try
To make him stay home late at night
But if he wanna go, he'll be GONE no lie
I can't explain how many times I tried
How many times I cried
Thinkin about mine and where he might be
(Baby, I don't wannaaaaa know)
Remember when I gave everything I've got
Couldn't get deep down inside
How you love someone who didn't love me? (c'mon)
But now I get if he don't wanna
Love you the right way, he ain't gonna
It ain't where he''s at it's where he, where he wanna beeeee

[Hook 2X: Keyshia Cole]
If he ain't gonna love you, the way he should
Then let it goooo
If he ain't gonna treat you, the way he should
Then let it goooo

[Missy Elliott]
When this song come on in the club, they gon be like
Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot
And when they play it in the car, they gon' drop they tops like
Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot (WHOOP!)
They gon' mix it with Biggie, "IT WAS ALL A DREAM.." like
Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot
Me and Keyshia don't stop, 'til the tick don't tock like
Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot (REMIX!!)

[Keyshia Cole]
See you been tryna make me feel like
You don't love me anymore (anymooore)
And you've been tryna make me feel that
You don't need me, ANY-more (anymooore)
But baby, I won't let you play games
You wanna leave, then you can go! (you can goooo)
I know you heard him, it ain't where he's at
IT'S WHERE HE WANNA BEEEEEEE-EEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!

[T.I.]
Grand Hustle, Grand Hustle, Grand Hustle
Grand Hustle Remix! It's smashin...

The phone stay ringin
Even though my gurl got a ten-carrot rang and them stones stay blingin (bling!)
Them hoes stay schiemin (wha?), I see it in they eye
When I'm leanin in the ride, cause the chrome stay gleamin
See I'm champagne wishin (I see ya), caviar dreamin
To kick it wit the King, they are really a-fiendin
So they laugh for no reason (what?), drops all hatin (okay)
Wishin they was in your situation, so that why we take two vacations
One wit all the kids, then one wit all the strippers that ya crew stay chasin
Chillin in a Camry (okay), far away from fame
And all the other situation weighin heavy on the brain
And now we Margarita drankin (drankin), champagne poppin (pop!)
All night, pool parties got +Big Thangs Poppin+ (HEY!)
Six G's in the pool, just get naked 'fore you hop in
Tops and bottoms, hoes spot, just holla - ay!

[Hook]

[Outro: Missy Elliott]
HANDS UP IN THE AIR!!
When this song come on in the club, they gon be like
Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot
And when they play it in the car, they gon' drop they tops like
Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot (WHOOP!)
They gon' mix it with Biggie, "IT WAS ALL A DREAM.." like
Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot
Me, and Keyshia don't stop, 'til the tick don't tock like
Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot {*echoes*}