[Intro: Gangsta D]
Hey, ah yeah, underground’s affluent
What’s up, man?
We’re back with this shit that been used about 600 times
We got AMG in the muthafuckin’ house (most definitely)
Quiksta’s in the house, Hi-C, KK, and I’m the muthafuckin’ D, bitch
Listen to this, check this out…

[Verse 1: Gangsta D]
A is Apple, J is for Jack
The D is for workin’ the muthafuckin’ backs
Old folks don’t like the way I act
See, I was born to nut, so what’s up with that?
Mirror, mirror, mirror, yo
Who is the best at pimpin’ hoes?
It’s me, the Gangsta D
The one who get paid offa sellin’ pussy
A young ass nigga who can work it (work ‘em, D)
Pull down your pants and let you jerk, jerk, jerk it
I’ma cool ass nigga, don’t you know?
I slang this dick like a fishing pole
See, what I catch I don’t eat
‘Cause ain’t nothin’ fly about coochie meat
‘Cause niggas love it, and some just suck it
But a nigga like The D’ll just fuck it

[Verse 2: DJ Quik]
Oh, now my name is DJ Quik and I’m talkin’ shit
The most controversial nigga from the Compton tip
And I come from a street that they all call Spruce
And back in ’87, yo, we all got loose
By just chillin’ with the homies, guzzlin’, suckin’ 40’s
Some of the hoes was good to go and niggas were macaronis
I popped the hatchback on my Rabbit
And go about four fifths of E&J ‘cause drinkin’ was a habit
Sound, loud, boomin’ ass bass
We drunk the E&J straight because we didn’t need the chaser
Shot, Rod, Casey, Danker, Thad, Shawn and Gangsta
Mike, Manny, Motor, Nick and Donner was the prankster
One time showed up because of the noise
So I offered a drink of E&J to one of the boys
They let us turn back up the sounds, and drink up all the brandy
And no one went to jail ‘cause police homies come in handy

[Verse 3: KK]
If you don’t know me by now, I’m KK, nigga
I like wearing khakis and drinking my Miller
Baggin’ on bitches, hangin’ out the window
Pass the matches and blaze up that indo
*cough* Took a hit and I coughed
Got all fucked up and I couldn’t even walk
I thought I got smart by tryna drink gin
I tried to fuck my girl, couldn’t put my dick in
Slippin’ and missin’, strokin’ or slidin’
I finally got it in and a nigga started ridin’
(Give it to me hard) Bitch, how could you figure?
The pussy got wet and it got a little bit bigger
There’s pussy on my dick, should I kill it?
There’s pussy on my dick, should I kill it?
There’s pussy on my dick, should I kill it?
Bitch, tighten up that pussy so I can feel it

[Verse 4: AMG]
AMG, the owner of the big D
Down with the 304 Posse
I put it in a girl and her head turned straight
‘Cause I go way past eight
Just like Bob, girl, I wanna rock wit’cha
Then my dick’s gonna get’cha
I don’t joke when I talk about pokin’
I’m Too Tall ‘cause I ain’t from Oakland
And I like ‘em in all kinda tones
From chocolate Thai to redbones
And like I said, I house ‘em from the attic to the basement
For my dick, no replacement
‘Cause pussy is my best friend
In and out, and out and in
The soul in the hole is the game that you play with the soul pole
Hi-C, let it roll

[Verse 5: Hi-C]
Hi-C’s on the mic and I’ma talk some shit
I’m a skinless ass nigga that you can’t get with
So boys and girls, gather around
And listen to this skinless ass gangsta sound
Get clowned with a muthafuckin’ rhyme or two
Clownin’ these hoochies, I thought you knew
I’ll fuck the bitch on the freeway
My dick clicked the coochie like a three-way
I’m fuckin’ doggystyle, fuck froggystyle
I got hostile—she said, ‘oh, wait a while’
I asked her could I finish, she said “okay”
I fucked her every which way but the right way
I finished, ripped it, she started to cry
She said, “Crawford, stop, my coochie’s dry”
I don’t give a fuck, yo, I didn’t quit
Hey bitch, wipe your pussy with some ChapStick

[Interlude: Gangsta D]
Yo, how many niggas like pussy? (We do! We do!)
Hey, I said how many niggas like pussy? (We do! We do!)
Yeah, do you like to fuck it? (No!)
Do you like to suck it? (Yeah!)
Yeah, do you like to fuck it? (No!)
Do you like to suck it? (Yeah!)
Yeah, and if you suck it, don’t get no juice around your mouth
If you like to fuck it, turn that fat monkey inside out
If you like to suck it, don’t get no juice around your mouth
And if you like to fuck it, pull the bitch guts out, and rush her out
And get with another little sexy bree
And make sure the hoe like to wash her V
‘Cause if that pussy stink, you know
Call that bitch a trick tramp hoe
And if she’s bleedin’, don’t have a fit
Say, “Go on, bitch, and suck the dick”
Say if she’s bleedin’, don’t have a fit
Say, “Go on, bitch, and suck the dick”
And if that nigga don’t know how to fuck
Say, “Stop, fool, and get your punk ass up”
If that nigga don’t know how to fuck
Say, “Stop, fool, and get your punk ass up”
[DJ Quik]
Haha, you know what I’m sayin’
My boy D has been real crazy on them stanky trampy hoes
And just in case you didn’t know who was in the muthafuckin’ house
My homeboy KK is doin’ it real fluid
AMG is back here making much noise
My nigga D is right here, and Hi-C is to my left rear
And we gon’ kick it like this, yo, ha…

[Verse 6: DJ Quik]
Suckas out here, you can miss me with the bullshit
If you’re wondering if DJ Quik could come with another hit
For my homies 2nd II None, ‘cause it ain’t nobody fakin’
Just lettin’ the rhythm take ya ‘cause I’m coming like this
So look but don’t touch, you might get rushed
It’s a shame and you’re blaming it on a nigga like me
‘Cause I’m making money and ain’t giving it up for free
But for a fee like D said
We’re shoving your ass in
20 or 30 minutes later, we’re shoving your ass out
That’s what I’m talkin’ ‘bout
Ridin’ your muthafuckin’ ass like a rodeo
In the other bed, G’s ridin’ that other hoe you know
Bitch, it’s just another fringe benefit
But it really ain’t shit to get your dick wet
And your nigga getting scared, taking his money out your pocket
When he say your ass is jockin’, ‘cause he know…

[Outro]
Well…well-well-well-well-well
Hi-C on the mic and I’ma do this shit sorta like this, yo
Hi-C like to fuck, hey, I gotta bust that nut
Hi-C like to fuck, yeah, I gotta bust that nut
Yo, The D like to fuck, hey, come on, I gotta bust that nut
Say, The D likes to fuck, hey, I gotta bust that nut
AMG likes to fuck, hey, I gotta bust that nut
AMG likes to fuck, hey, bitch, I gotta bust that nut
DJ Quik likes to fuck, hey, I gotta bust that nut
DJ Quik likes to fuck, hey, I gotta bust that nut
KK turtle likes to fuck, hey, I gotta bust my nut
KK curter likes to fuck, hey, come on, I gotta bust that nut
Well…well-well-well-well