[Hi-C]
I said a hip, hop, the hippie
The hippie dibby hip hop hop and you don't stop
To rock it to the bang bang boogie
Say up jump the boogie
To the rhythm of the boogie, the beat
Now what you hear is not a test
Cause we're rappin to the beat
And me, the groove, and my friends
Are gonna try to move your feet
See I, am, Albert Brown, and I'd like to say hello
To the black, to the white, the red and the brown
The purple and yellow; but first, I gotta
Bang bang, the boogie to the boogie
Say up jump the boogie to the bang bang boogie
Let's rock, you don't stop
Rock the rhythm that'll make your body rock
Well so, far, you've heard my voice
And I brought two friends along
The next up to seize is Euripides
So c'mon E, sing that song!

[Daddy-O]
Check it out, I'm the E-U-R-I-P-I-D-E-S and I'm F-L-Y
You see I go by the code of the doctor of the mix
These reasons I'll tell you why
You see, I'm five foot ten, all the ladies say when
When I dress to a tee
You see, I got more clothes than Muhammad Ali
And I dress so viciously
I got bodyguards, I got two big cars
That definitely ain't the wack
I got a Lincoln Continental and, a sunroofed Cadillac
So after school I take a dip in the pool
Which is really on the wall
I got a color TV, so I can see
The Clippers play basketball; hear me talk about
Checkbooks, credit cards, mo' money
Than a sucker, could ever spend
But I wouldn't give a sucker or a bum who's been robbin
Not a dime 'til I made it again
You go ho-tel, mo-tel, whatcha gonna do today? (Say what?)
Gonna get a fly girl, gonna get some spank
And drive off in a def OJ; everybody go
Ho-tel, mo-tel, Holiday Inn!!
Say if your girl starts actin up, then you take her friend
I say skip, dive, what can I say?
I can't fit em all inside my OJ
So I just take half, and bust 'em out
I give the rest to Wacky Dee so he can wack the house!

[Kool Moe Dee]
Well I'm the W-A and the C-K-Y, and the D with the double-E
I said I go by the unforgettable name
Of the man they call Wacky Dee, wellllll
My name is known all over the world
By all the foxy ladies and the pretty girls
I'm goin down in history
As the baddest brother, there ever could be
Now I'm filled with the highs and you're filled with the lows
The beat starts pumpin into your toes
You start pumpin your fingers and stompin your feet
And movin your body cause you're sittin in your seat
And then damn! You start doin the freak, I said
Damn! Ah-right outta your seat
And then you throw your hands high in the air
Ya rockin to the beat so shake your derriere
Ya rockin to the beat without a care
With the sureshot MC's for the affair
Now, I'm not as hard as the rest of the gang
But I rap to the beat, just the same
I got a fine-ass face, and a pair of brown eyes
And I'mma give it to the ladies that's hypnotized
Singin on'n'n'on'n'on on'n'on
The beat don't stop until the break of dawn
Singin on'n'n'on'n'on on'n'on
Like a hot to the pop da pop da pop baby baby
Pop da pop pop, but don't you dare stop
Ah-come alive y'all, and gimme whatcha got
I guess by now you can take a hunch
And find that I am the smoothest of the bunch
But that's okay, I still keep in stride
Cause all I want to do is smack the dimples in your behind
I'm singin on'n'n'on'n'on on'n'on
The beat don't stop until the break of dawn
I'm singin on'n'n'on'n'on on'n'on
Rock rock y'all, and get on the floor
I'm gonna freak you here, I'm gonna freak you there
I'm gonna move you outta this atmosphere
Cause I'm a one of a kind and I'll shock your mind
I'll put the tick-tick-tick in your behind
I said ah one, two, three, four
C'mon, girls, get on the floor!
A-come alive y'all, and gimme whatcha got
Cause I'mma guaranteed to make you rock
I said one, two, three, four
Tell me Albert Brown, what are you waiting for?

[Hi-C]
I said a hip, hop, the hippie
The hippie dibby hip hop hop and you don't stop
To rock it to the bang bang boogie
Say up jump the boogie
To the rhythm of the boogie, the beat
A Skiddleebebop, we rock, and Scooby Doo
And guess what? America, we love you
Cause you rock and a roll with ah so much soul
You can rock 'til a hundred and one years old
I don't mean to brag, I don't mean to boast
But we like hot butter on our breakfast toast
Rock it out, Baby Bubba!
Baby Bubba to the boogie da bang bang da boogie
To the beat, beat, you're so unique
So C'MON ON, everybody, and dance to the beat!
Hah hah!