[Intro]
This is dedicated to all the pretty girls (just the pretty girls?)
And the ugly girls too! (alright)
To me you pretty anyway, baby (that's my baby)
Didn't I treat you right now? (Didn't I)
Didn't I give you everything? (Didn't I)
Didn't I do the best I could? (Didn't I)
Victor, turn down the music, you have school tomorrow
I tried my best just to be a man (Didn't I)
You're spending too much time in the studio, it is too much!
Yeah, turn the track up in my headphones still
It's that soul man, that shit you could feel
Yeah, now let the drums drop

[Chorus]
Didn't I tell you we was gon' make it to the top nigga?
Didn't I, didn't I, didn't I
Didn't I tell you this was the new birth of the Roc, nigga?
Didn't I, didn't I, say I didn't
Send you that money when ya needed it cause you're my nigga
Didn't I, didn't I, say I didn't
Didn't I take off the morning just to ride with ya? Yeah

[Verse 1]
This feel like a rebirth, another day on this green Earth
I couldn't ask for much more man, shit could be worse
A fresh pair of jeans, a nice clean shirt
I'm on my island in the sun, shout out to Weezer
Who can you count on these days in 2017
Lil' nigga, big city, bigger dreams
I copped a house out in the hills just to switch scenes
And now they back home saying "How could Vic leave?"
I got Chicago on my mind like I'm Ray Charles
Georgia, promise I'll be faithful
I know I missed some action, I've been AWOL
I can't smoke witchu everyday, I ain't Nate Dogg
I put you up in my crib when you lost your granny house
You never gotta thank me for that man, that's family talk
I stayed in the studio, I took the Grammys off
And put my soul in this shit like I'm Diana Ross
Didn't I, didn't I, didn't I, didn't I
Tell you Joey Purp was finna get the whole city high? (purple!)
When you had your daughter, I was by your side
Then she took her first breaths, watched my niece came alive
I jumped on the first plane when Nikko dad died
I could see him through the window, he was flying through the sky
Looking down on you, proud of you
This is for Mr. Washington, I told you we was finna show out for you

[Chorus]
Didn't I tell you you was gon' see us at the top nigga?
Didn't I, didn't I, didn't I
Didn't I tell you this was the new birth of the Roc, nigga?
Didn't I, didn't I, say I didn't
Cop you them plane tickets to fly out cause you're my nigga
Didn't I, didn't I, didn't I
Didn't I take off the morning just to ride with ya? Yeah

[Post-Chorus]
After the dark comes the sunset
Tell the ones you love "You might only get one chance"
I would give it all back before you slip away from me
That's just what you mean to me, that's just what you mean to me

[Verse 2]
I know that I don't call like I should, I hope that everything's good
And Mom's doing well at that school in Kenwood
And Lizzie's still happy up at Ballet Memphis
I know she would've been at Grandma's funeral if she could
I rarely share my problems with ya but I'm glad to have a father figure
I know I grew up more blessed than a lot of niggas
A lot of niggas' pops is like lottery tickets
They bet on them but never get to hear their number call up
Coming home soon as the summer's on
I took the winter off in L.A. cause the city's too cold
But I'm heating up, soon as I drop the album
We on an island like Friday in Robinson Crusoe
Hit the town with my old man, make him feel young again
I know he proud of that tattooed son of his
All them tears I put you through when I was a kid
Calls from the police station when I was hustling
You used to hate to hear the phone ring
Now you can't wait to hear the phone ring, ain't that a beautiful thing?
Thanksgiving pull up with my Beamer and my gold chain
I know I tootin' my own horn like Coltrane
But didn't I, didn't I tell you 'bout your baby boy?
I used to rock the wife beater like Baby Boy
And now I'm suit and tied up without a day in court
Picked the house out, I put up the down payment for it
I caught the first plane when I heard your mama died
I seen her through the window, she was flying in the sky
Looking down on you, proud of you
This is for my grandma, told you we would show out for you

[Chorus: Vic Mensa & Ty Dolla $ign]
Didn't I tell you, you was gon' see us at the top mama?
Didn't I, didn't I, didn't I (didn't I)
Didn't I tell you this was the new birth of the Roc, mama?
Didn't I, didn't I (didn't I, say I didn't)
Jump on the first plane to fly out to see my mama
Didn't I, didn't I, say I didn't (didn't I)
Didn't I take off the morning to slide on ya?
(Didn't I)

[Post-Chorus: Ty Dolla $ign & Vic Mensa]
After the dark comes the sunset
To tell the ones you love "You might only get one chance"
I would give it all before you slip away from me
That's just what you mean to me, that's just what you mean to me