Oh oh oh oh
Oh oh oh oh
Oh oh oh oh
Ugh ugh ugh ugh

I said I'm rolling rolling windows up
It's cold but I don't give no fuck
I'm smoking on that goody good
And sipping out a plastic cup
If she going, that's wassup
Tell her that I'm with it
If it ain't about that money
You can tell her to forget it
Got that fly up on my fitted
On my high park shit (High park)
It's going down down down
With my five star bi-ditch
Shitty fitty waves
Pretty face, Cocoa butter titty taste
Know she from the suburbs
Trynna talk about she city based
But fuck it (Fuck it)
It's to the good good
Waiting on my chain
It's word to Rocky, got the good wood
Can I run it proper like a hemi in the hood would?
A nigga get demolished for the dollars
Understood-ood-ood-ood

I got em saying (Huh huh who?)
What your name is Vic? (Huh huh who?)
What your name is Vic? (Huh huh who?)
What your name is?
A nigga got that butter, keep it gudda in the game
They like (Huh huh who?)
What your name is Vic? (Huh huh who?)
What your name is Vic? (Huh huh who?)
What your name is?
And then happy (epic?)
They be acting like I got em like it's

Eenie Meenie Minie Mo
Catch a busta by the toe
Smoking in the whip, I'm driving high but yet I'm riding low
I'm hopping out the sliding door, smelling like a pound
Baby girl it 's going down when I step up in the town
I'm in my black chucks, act up, when a nigga get packed up
I'm up in school stacked up, texts message backed up
It's dollars over everything and I put that on everything, ay
I know you see me lean, smoking that Cabrini-Green
I'm bossy with the broader bounce
Multiple withdrawed accounts, we don't do the small amounts
Buy my homies all an ounce, let em get they roll on
Hold on, I said I'm so gone
I'm running on that kush, she put an o into the ozone, ay

I got em saying (Huh huh who?)
What your name is? (Huh huh who?)
What your name is? (Huh huh who?)
What your name is?
A nigga got that butter, keep it gudda in the game
They like (Huh huh who?)
What your name is? (Huh huh who?)
What your name is? (Huh huh who?)
What your name is?
And then happy (epic?) they be acting like I'm famous

And If they really want it, they can come and get it
If they really want it, they can come and get it
If they really want nigga they can come and get it
If they really  want it, then they can come and get it
If they really want it nigga, they can come and get it
If they really want it, then they can come and get it
Come and get it, come and get it
Cause I got what you need, got what you need
Tell em I got what you need, now stick your weed, ay
I got what you need, got what you need, ay
I got what you need, so what you need
What you need?