[Intro] [Michael Jackson talking]
You ever want something...that you know you shouldn't have?
The more you know you shouldn't have it...the more you want it
And then one day...you get it. It's so good to you

[Verse One]
I got addicted to the game, to the money to the fame
I'm walkin' through the club and e'rybody know my name
And that's a god damn shame
When you lose everything from the crib, to the kids to the ring
On your wife's finger, might sting ya (Daddy is a nice singer)
Tried to do the right thing but this is how your life end's up
When you're dreamin' and turn them dreams into cash
And buy a Beamer, retractable ceilin'
Where the grass get a lot greener, Feds look a lot meaner
Bad bitches, in and out, ass lookin' like Trina's
"Daddy, is it perfect?" Aww, yeah, it's perfect
Them worshippers, I deserve it, thank me for my service
I got mo' cars, mo' ice, my own club, so nice
My own blood I gamble with, losin' that is no (no!)
I just wanna live right
Why it's hard to go to sleep at night?
Mike!

[Chorus]
Ain't no sunshine when she's gone
It's not warm when she's away (Come take a ride with us for a minute man. Uh huh)
Ain't no sunshine when she's gone (This is Rhymefest)
And she's always gone too long (And your man...little Mike)
Anytime she goes away (Yeah, yeah, get ready. Here we go again baby. Look.)
Wonder this time where she's gone

[Verse Two]
You ever wanted something so bad till you got it?
Then it loses all the magic and it just don't feel exotic
You take it for granted, beat it up until you lose it
Is it cars or your money or your woman or your music?
Or you take the blue pill and you livin' that illusion
But I spit my pill out so now I'm livin' in my movement
And I'm movin' like a panther through the drama and confusion
Of a future that was promised to a shorty that was losin' (C'mon!)
Look at my bruises, beautiful 'cause of how I got 'em
Look at his body, beautiful in the way I shot him
I like my beats like my bitches, they got a lot of bottom
Oh, if you wanna play possum, we could possibly rob him
Papa boss 'em, like the Feds when Shaft shot 'em (Boom)
Until we all fuckin' with Bills like Hillary Rodham
Until it's gone, until the morn', until it's on
Mike c'mon, c'mon, c'mon!

[Chorus]
Ain't no sunshine when she's gone (Yeah, you know what it is)
It's not warm when she's away (This is Rhymefest. See I'm the #1 Michael Jackson fan in the world baby)
Ain't no sunshine when she's gone (Ain't no fans realer than me)
And she's always gone too long (Cause ain't no fans doin' what I'm doin' right now)
Anytime she goes away (Look. And she goes and she goes and she goes)
Wonder this time where she's gone

[Rhymefest talking]
You know what? I'ma tell you like this. I'm so REAL with this right here man
This is so much in my HEART right now man. I'll take this CD to the hood RIGHT NOW!
Give it to the biggest dope dealer in the WORLD and he'll LOVE IT, HE'LL LOVE IT!
Haha. You a child to me man. Get out my face