Jazz fest in Montreux
Riding up mountains that make your mind blow
Real fine girl with a real nice convo
Run away moon baby where the time go
Work out nazi, yoga, tai-chi
Laila Ali I let her box me
Lying cougar, girl you foxy
Indonesia we head to Bali
Witness sun rise it looks so ?Cali?
Back in Chi-town I could not see
So much danger, Blackstone Rangers
Politicians is causing anger
All my hangups had to hang up
How can I fly when the wing is banged up?
Who had 36 in the chamber?
Only got one but I'm a real good aimer
I gots to escape some way, some how
I feel so trapped inside this town
Got a open road and a list of goals
Passport unfolds, we headed to Moscow
Vegas ain't far enough away
Hey, you're not gon find love in LA
And Miami is the place we go to play
Went to Cuba now I finally connect with Che
Motocycle ride out then fly out
Partying in Perth is the perfect hideout
Wish I could bring that back to my house
Then I could get my cousin off of my couch
Show him what it's like on the beach in Phuket
Feet in the sand, don't get your shoes wet
Ireland, Thailand shorts and crew necks
Maui lounge in salmon crew caps
Oh, there's sushi in Tok-y-o
Shot of the sake 'fore we go
South Korea they got Seoul
South Korea they got soul
With the fellas up in the favellas
Just like Compton gotta watch your colours
Street vendors is always trying to sell us
Cop one from one, the other get jealous
Got two for one, that's a hell of a deal
Went to Milan and had a helluva meal
Met a helluva girl in hot yellow heels
She was hella hot but she popped hella pills
Chill, I could bring you back to the Illadelph
Oh, you don't wanna go? Do you hear yourself?
Are you arrogant? Do you feel yourself?
Are you scared of the world? Do you fear yourself?
I'm flying out to Mount Zion
?K's in Ghana?, God I'll start crying
They can't chain me down, I'm defiant
Been around the world and now I know who I am
Yeah, I've been on the road so much this year
I ain't have time to cut my hair
Living out a bag, the same old gear
But I got to get out and clear my head
Space, time and place
You could have it all with the time it takes
14 hours to leave the States
Eating steaks on nice estates
Holy Batman, bathing apes!
Naples wine had the finest grapes
Main course meals on designer plates
Look, say something nigga I'll slap your face
I'm a travelling man, I'm a travelling man
You could do it too for a couple of grand
Instead of spending racks on a stripper to dance
You could spend a rack on a trip to Japan
Shit, that's all I'm saying
I'm just in the world doing all I can
Even though I ain't Mexican
I still wear the sombrero and the salsa pants
It's a party in here, it's a girl out there
If you in here, it's a World. Out. There
Now get ready for the world premiere