[Interviewer]:
But why when you kick the door down do you have to trample over women and gay people?

[Rhymefest]:
Ha ha. Who-did I, did I trample over gay people? What did I do?

[Sample of 'Supersonic' by J.J. Fad]:
"It's not real hard it's plain and simple"

[Verse One]:
Baby C, El Che is about to drop
A record like mine could never be stopped
See, I'm one MC and my style is fresh
Party rockin', non stoppin' and my name's Rhymefest
Now here's a little somethin' 'bout pussy ass people
Faggot ass niggas they plain and simple
Baby C

Yo, this is for you Chuck Faggot. AKA...
"Supersonic"

Interscope bought it and marketed it
But everybody know you garbage kid
They paid for your covers, paid for your ad
But all that hype was a J.J. Fad
The way they brag and they say they bad
With the latest bag and the gayest swag
Pants don't sag, dressed in drag
Then get mad when I say they fags
Maybelline, I'm a rap machine
"Supersonic"
Pink and green
Blue and black, let's boo his raps
If you see Charles say, "YOU ARE WACK!"
No strategy or reality
Came on my stage to battle me
Can you believe the audacity?
Brought him down to Earth like gravity
You don't believe? Then talk to him

[Snippet of Charles Hamilton Vs. Rhymefest battle]:
"I just battled Rhymefest and that last nigga that lost to him was Eminem
I lost to him and I guess I'm him again
Except I'm Charles Hamilton again"

[Verse Two]:
Hahahaha
"Supersonic"
Sorry Charlie, beat me hardly
Why you frontin' at your party
S.O.B. you can't be serious
Matter of fact, you can't beat Serius
Don't make me laugh
This Internet shit got you gassed
You Chucky Cheese you make me feel
Like I could grab your neck you'll be like "chill chill"
That sound familiar
Real hip hop, this sound will kill ya
He's so soft I'll brush him off
Go play Rock Band with Asher Roth
You from Cleveland claimin' Harlem
Brooklyn Girls? This guy's got problems
I'm from Chi-Town where they'll rob him
Stay at home and stick to bloggin'
Cause I'm a goblin
Eat yo food and leave you starvin'
"Supersonic"
He's suckin' helium
Wearin' sweaters extra smedium
I don't know where his label's leading him
I don't know what Iovine is feedin' him
I don't even know what the fuck they see in him
Battle Rhymefest? What's the reasonin'?
That's why his fans is leavin' him
And if I see him I'll probably pee on him
Indian burn with a Charlie horse
And all he'll say is "Sorry boss!"

"Supersonic"

[Rhymefest talking]:
Yo, I don't even know why I'm wasting my time battling this. His album ain't even gonna drop! I got a fuckin' Grammy! Yo, I know you gon' dress gay even before you get dressed in the morning. You know what? Hit it Baby C!

[Verse Three]:
Revenge Of The Nerds but it stars Charles Hamilton
Cause it's like I'm battling Lamar with a javelin
When did it become cool not to be masculine?
Somebody need to go and contact his management
Feminine, him again, ain't no way that he can win
Send him in, throw him in the water for the fishermen
Everybody tired of him so they call him Michelin
Leave him on an island all alone like he Gilligan
?, is it real, sippin' on a ginger ale
Sweeter than a Zinfandel, lookin' like a Chippendale
Sweet N Low, here we go, home I'll be at your show
If you try to kick a show I'll throw a Riddick Bowe

[Rhymefest talking]:
Hold on, hold up, hold up, hold up. Yo, yo, yo Charles you so nice with the lyrics. Show the people how you get down

[A bunch of crazy shit]:

[Rhymefest talking]:
Yeah, yeah that's it. That was it. Yo yo. Somebody get this kid a record deal. And Chuck keep my name out your mouth and release the tapes. Before I PM Dawn your ass. Lil' punk