[Hook]: Jasiri X
Who been illegal ever since they landed?
Who moved out the natives and left them stranded?
Who stole Africans from across the Atlantic?
Who auctioned, branded, and labeled the "savage"?
Who wanted to expand into Mexican land?
And pulled guns and grabbed it?
It wasn't democratic
What would they owe if we added the damage?
Now they say that you're illegal just because you speak Spanish

[Verse 1]: Jasiri X
When you landed on plymouth rock did you have your papers?
When you was dying from sickness did you ask for favors?
When all you could grow is strictly crops did you ask your neighbors?
Did they teach how to survive, make sure you had the basics?
But not glad and gracious
What you had was hatred
One of they land to take it
Cause you planned to rape it
Thankless, would you call a man a racist
Who would give women and children smallpox and blankets
They make it like someone else is illegal
With a nation of 40 million stolen people
And won't apologize for what you know is evil
If you mention immigrants then you both are equal
But all a sudden if you Mexican you worse than the others
And it don't matter they was here when it first was "discovered"
Now that's more disrespectful than cursing your mother
The land of the free unless you a person of color
America

[Hook]

[Verse 2]: Rhymefest
Mexican means mestizos, mestizos means mixed blood
Mixed with the Native Americans this is where they stood
The third root was the African it was all good
You ain't cross the border, the border's up in y'all hood
But history is insignificant to ignorance
Cause in a sense Barrack Obama's daddy was an immigrant
If he could be the president then you should be a resident
[?] and Jan Brewer's too prejudiced
They're [?] us where officers making laws to topple us
While we're at it let's send Schwarzenegger back to Austria
Arnold, where's your papers? (I'll be back with them)
Imagine white Canadians with policemen harassing 'em
My aliens Benito Juarez smooth like [?]
Fighting for farmworkers I'm Cesar Chavez
Border Patrol trying to keep us on edge
But now we standing up
Black, red, and brown
They can never break the family up

[Hook]