[Part 1 - "Her Monologue"]

[Intro: Tyler Carter]
Being alone, are you scared of being alone?
Worried you'll be a shadow
And terrified of getting old?

[Verse 1: Michael Bohn]
Insomnia tapers your eyelids
And the adderall taught you how I lived
So flip a coin for every shade of gray
I bet you pick a needle to bargain with
Heads; I bet you fall asleep, get tangled in the sheets
Suffocate as you choke at the thought of your own dreams
You never fail to feel hollow
Now hush and let the dark swallow

[Chorus: Tyler Carter]
Move a little closer, what are you afraid of?
Set the night on fire and baby, burn it up
Tattooed on your chest, I.S.S.U.E.S
Move a little closer, what are you afraid of?
(What are you afraid of?)

[Verse 2: Michael Bohn]
Xanies and panties on the floor
To numb the pain
Another one-night stand at the door, you go insane

[Breakdown: Tyler Carter]
I can see you sleep through your bedroom window
You're killing yourself with lucid dreaming

[Verse 3: Michael Bohn]
I am manic depressive
Flipping coins for my fate
Now ain't that impressive?
Tails; you never fail to feel hollow
Now hush and let the dark swallow

[Chorus: Tyler Carter]
Move a little closer, what are you afraid of?
Set the night on fire and
Baby, burn it up
Tattooed on your chest, I.S.S.U.E.S
Move a little closer, what are you afraid of?
(What are you afraid of?)

[Outro: Tyler Carter; Michael Bohn]
My mind goes on and on and on with you
Move a little closer, baby girl
I am manic depressive
Flipping coins for my fate
Now ain't that impressive?

[Part 2 - "Embrace Your Issues"]

[Verse 1: Tyler Carter]
Like a coward in their darkest hour
Counting flowers for the petals when they love me not
Got you flippin' that position like a motherfuckin' opportunist
Play from the pawns of the discord
You're burnin' out
Your stars are faded, why word 'em out?
Find freedom in the fact that no one will miss you
Come in, shut the door
And embrace your issues

(Inaudible arguing in the background)

[Verse 2: Sno Tha Product]
Yo, look
I done heard a little bit about ISSUES
But none compared to the shit that I got with you
'Cause I swear to God that you've got too much goin' on
Let's start somethin' new
Lemme get my shit, lemme get in my whip, hit shift
Then I'll drive to you
Let me think a bit 'bout this
'Cause I been really iffy on whether or not I'm sliding through
You got me trippin' a little bit
And I'm thinkin' of figurin' how I can get it together
'Cause I'm losin'
'Cause I'm literally getting the feeling you get when you itching to keep that drug you keep usin'
Excuse me
As I tear myself from the ground
And I keep to myself
'Cause while I been thinkin' about the shit that you're putting me through
I'm thinkin' that I'm a go with someone else
And I'm feelin' like:

[Verse 3: Tyler Carter]
Yeah, like a coward in their darkest hour
Counting flowers for the petals when they love me not
Got you flippin' that position like a motherfuckin' opportunist
Play from the pawns of the discord
You're burnin' out
Your stars are faded why word 'em out
Find freedom in the fact that no one will miss you
Come in, shut the door
And embrace your—
Issues, issues, issues
No one will miss you
(Know I'm goin' miss you?)
Hey, yeah