[Intro: Mr. Kee]
Yes, I really do be making money of this pimp shit, my nigga
And yes, I really do be making money off this rap shit, my nigga
And yes, I will fuck you up if you step to me wrong, my nigga
So fuck you, fuck you, and fuck you, you're cool
But fuck you, you, and you, haha, stop coming at me with that bullshit, man

[Verse 1: Mr. Kee]
Stop asking questions about the things I've done, the people I know, the places I go, and the hoes I meet
Especially when I'm flossing
Approach with caution when I'm on the street
And, homie, if you're close enough to speak you're close enough to touch
Click, clack, click, clack, get back
When the .44 bust you can feel the adrenaline rush
We from the Bay, my niggas, so where your scraper at?
I see your chain is so icy, how much you pay for that?
Shit, get your banana split
Hit 'em up with the banana click
Gorillas ain't fucking with chimps
Squares ain't fucking with pimps
In the club with a mean mug, nigga pulled up like I ain't got shit to live for
One minute I'm cool, next minute I flip [?] so bitch better tip-toe
I'm on that 'Grind me everyday'
Living, hustling, my occupation is paper chasing
Hoe pimping and busting
So fuck a 9-5
See, 24/7 that's my business hours
I'm half black and half amazing, out for money and power
You best respect a boss, soldiers ready to spray shit
Cut from a different cloth, so I ain't got to say shit

[Hook: Mr. Kee]
I got money in my pockets so I ain't got to say shit (x3)
Ask me how much motherfucker that's gay shit
I got money in my pockets so I ain't got to say shit (x3)
Flip them haters off and blast off in my spaceship

[Verse 2: Snow Tha Product]
Guess who, bitch?! Born in the Baynow live in the south
It's an itty bitty little 5'2" chick with the Ruger out like "What now?"
My style precise, got a mouthpiece like a politician
Tell you what you want, whatever you want to hear until I'm getting whatever the fuck I'm wishing
What is it? I'm busy
Don't question how I'm living
Don't ask what all this costs
Cause I done bought them all in one visit
I'm Snow Tha Product, the west coast Wonder Woman
So don't get mad because your boyfriend had my slappers bumping
Because I kick it with the clique that got them comfort dumping
And plus I'm one chick that be cocky cause I come from nothing
The queen bee around this bitch
See my block is buzzing
I roll a 'piff because if haters see my Glock, they bugging
See time spent hustling is never time wasted
Time spent busting is definitely gay shit
So don't worry what I make and how I make it
I'm a rapper with guap in her pocket, I ain't gotta say shit

[Hook: Mr. Kee]
I got money in my pockets so I ain't got to say shit (x3)
Ask me how much motherfucker that's gay shit
I got money in my pockets so I ain't got to say shit (x3)
Flip them haters off and blast off in my spaceship

[Outro: Mr. Kee x2]
Gimme that, gimme that, I ain't gotta ask twice
Gimme that shit, I give no fuck about the damn price
See y'all been hating for nothing, so here's a reason now
See y'all been hating for nothing, so here's a reason now

[Hook: Mr. Kee]
I got money in my pockets so I ain't got to say shit (x3)
Ask me how much motherfucker that's gay shit
I got money in my pockets so I ain't got to say shit (x3)
Flip them haters off and blast off in my spaceship