{Intro]
"Ay, me and Melo against him and Shaq, we—"
"What, you think you like me? You ain't like me, m— (you like me?)
You a punk. I've been with made people, connected people. Who you been with?"

[Verse]
Dude's talking loud, I don’t understand
Walk around like they the true big baller, damn
How you think that? I'm about to spit facts
I walk in Reebok in ’92, I came out with them Shaqs
I’ve been doing this a long time
When you was averaging two points, riding the pine
You see my T-shirts, you see my feetwork
Big Baller Brand, that was me first
How many parades did I give them L.A. streets?
How many rings with Kobe? See, you thought we had beef
How many accolades, how many ceremonies?
I had whatever I want, like Tony! Toni! Toné!
You beatin' me? That’s a bunch of baloney
You think you Mailman, you ain’t even Jeff Malone(y)
When did you play, huh, what year?
Oh, yeah, you play for Dallas, Erick Dampier
Listen here: they call me Steph Harden
I make the same salary as Steph and James Harden
200-plus: 248
You do the math, man
Damn, my life is great
You want to battle Dies, you better have endurance
Before you crash, man, get that General Insurance
Or get some Icy Hot, rub it on your back
Before you break that f— around with Shaq
Sit down, man, you be doin’ the most
You know your ass is barbecue chicken in the post
First you can beat Mike, then you can beat me
Wake that ass up, you havin’ a dream
And when you wake up, apologize
And bow down to my Staples Center statue hangin’ off the side
Of the building—excuse me, arena
I feel like Martin with this flow; damn, Gina!
You’ve been caught up in a rapture
And when you’re watchin’ Zo play, look up in the rafters
You'll see Magic Johnson, you'll see Jerry West
You'll see Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
Damn, he was the best
Keep lookin’ man, I know you see this
Number 34 next to Gail Goodrich
Big Daddy Kane, no half-steppin'
I’m more like Will Smith (why?)
I am legend
Penny love me, Kobe hate me
D-Wade ain't tell me Pat Riley was gon’ trade me
That ain’t fade me, nothin’ fade me
Jerry Maguire with this flow—pay me
The Big Baller Brand trust, I am that
I hope you get the message, by telephone or fax
Two more things I got to say:
You did a great job, I love how your sons play
And lil' Melo, too, attitude hella cool
Jumper wet, wet like two thots in a pool
I learned the game from William Wesley, you can never test me
'Cause when I’m done, they gon’ remember me, like Elvis Presley
Watch your mouth, don’t ever step outta line
Shaq O’Neal, bro—greatest of all time
This is a game to me, this is not a sport
My name ain't Shaq, I’m the black Michael Rapaport
"And Big Baller T-shirts look uncomfortable as f—"