[Verse 1: Young Thug]
I'ma ball like Spalding, nigga
I'm a Blood, I'm a baller, you can call a nigga
And I'm smokin' angel dust, yeah, spa nigga
And I'm attracted to green like gua', niggas
I'ma pull up late, regulate
My jewels are no joke, shit's frosted like flakes
I swear to God I'm baked, like Easy Bake
I show the very same energy, sound like a taser
Yeah shot like a shawty with a taser
Fly the bitch to LA, she ballin' like a Laker
I know not to tell and never speak to the neighbor
In fact I can't see ‘em, I'm on so many acres
Ever since I met shawty I feel like Hercules
And I'm smokin' bales of weed cause it grow on trees
Six girls in my mouth like a set of Ds
With my West Boast Bloods bangin' burgundy
Rich bags under my eye, nigga Birkin Ds
She say, "I want Victoria Secret"
And I fuck her long, watch her decrease
Even though I'm a Blood, she like CC
She get mad whenever I bring her BB
Shoot, no 2-2-3, DVD
Watch me shoot them folk way up the street
Lost a whole hundred bands, bands with the heat
I'ma die for my clan, [?] me
Diamonds red like a mothafucka cut me
And I smoke rusty and dusty

[Hook: Young Thug]
What are you doin' in this game?
I wanna know what are you doin' in this game?
Hey, baby girl what you doin' out here?
What the fuck are you doin' out here?
I know what you're doin' out here
I know what you're doin' out here
You killin' these bitches, killin' these niggas
Cook a lot of white like Tommy Hilfiger
Baby girl, I'll give you this [?] [?] nigga

[Verse 2: Rich Homie Quan]
Ridin', nigga with [?] I ain't lookin' for the swoop, I need a bitch do that to me
I want a bitch with some loot who gon' take care her kids
I mean make sure her kids straight forever, you dig?
I won't stop gettin' money forever, you dig?
And I ain't talkin' 'bout a shovel, you dig?
I just bought a new dog that'll eat up you pig
I just bought a new car, a hunna, you dig?
Shhh, stop, a hundred ain't shit
Two boys wasn't much, a hundred on them
Can't go broke, it may not come again
But a lot of money comin' in, you don't belong here so..

[Hook: Young Thug]
What are you doin' in this game?
I wanna know what are you doin' in this game?
Hey, baby girl what you doin' out here?
What the fuck are you doin' out here?
I know what you're doin' out here
I know what you're doin' out here
You killin' these bitches, killin' these niggas
Cook a lot of white like Tommy Hilfiger
Baby girl, I'll give you this [?] [?] nigga

[Verse 3: Young Thug]
Baby watch out for the sharks, watch out for the cops
Watch out for the thots
They just want a piece of you, like me
Beat ‘em like Bruce Lee
Facin' life and you're broke, here go my shoulder
Boy you can cry on me
No, no tellin' but I told you
You can't ‘trol, control these streets
If a pussy nigga play
I'm gonna gun him down like a G
B you can't see me
I'm ballin', you can't even D me