I did lost the last shit man
I did lost partners, bitches, money
But I ain't never lost my mind though
Do you feel me?
I lost a couple partners
But I thought she couldn't go wrong (but she did)
Can I get a witness
'Cause everybody got problem, yeah
And you don't know where to go
You'll be lost and [?]
There's a [?] and you gotta learn how to be strong
And when it feels like you lost everything
Ou gotta hold on, you
You gotta you gotta hold on, hold on, hold on
Hold on, hold on

Started losing my mind, who am I to trust
Started abusing the grind and nigga up
Telling bitches I know it ain't mine I ain't even fuck
But I got suck [?] real good
On the hood, on my homies in the hood they hung
And I'm good, I don't want it
She belong to the homie
And I'm riding in the corner and action [?]
And yeah, am I addict what am I for you boy and smash
For the homie then smash
Got cash and everybody still got problems
But what the fuck am I supposed to do, they mad
I'm cope the [?] they keep cautious
Too many persons I mean ocean, ain't' tryin to see reheasin' no cuffin
Problem, I got a problem, when I'm caught up in my chopper
All of, all of my shooters they shit on em
And I do this shit for all of them
Nigga luck, nigga don't better go
Dragging the forty happy great
I done lost a couple partners yeah
But I thought shit couldn't go wrong (but he did)
Can't get her with me
'Cause everybody got problems yeah yeah
And you don't know where to go
You'll be lost
A lot of this bitch are with my shit yeah yeah
'Cause I gotta learn how to be strong
And when you feel like you lost everything
Hey gotta hold on, they gotta hold on
You gotta hold on
Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on

Got a grip a lot when I got a right
Heading with some money
How reckless ain't touching no skirt
No way, I'll break their heart
When I've been in the house I've been around that [?] my life
God make no mistake and if I had a chance wouldn't do it twice
Stay down here come over night
Spray rounds ain't tryin to fight
Stay ground, got a nigga right
That's possible baby, no life
As with myself I keep on role and I don't know why
You know my bitch yeah she foreign
Got her from hawaii, overseas
I won't think 'bout myself then why of all niggas try me (do something)
I pull a lot of hurse with a hundred car behind me
'Cause I'm me, what I gotta matchin'
Forties, find me and the big body been no more scotty
Tell my partner no more ridin'
'Cause I heard them people watchin
My foot don't call me papi
We ain't for so many options
Nigga bite me, I know they teeth hurt
I'm tired of all these rest in peace shirts
But I lost a couple partners, yeah
When I thought she couldn't go wrong
But it did, can I get her with me?
'Cause everybody got problems
And you don't know where it go
Been lost with a new [?] a lot of these bitches we [?]
But you gotta learn how to be strong
And when you feel like you lost everything
Hey, gotta hold on, nigga gotta hold on
You gotta hold on
Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on
Like that

We come

I will never stop