Hey
Rich Homie?
Thats You?
Leggo

[Intro: Rich Homie Quan]
See, I walked in with two cups
Feeling like the man of the year (man of the year)
And a broke nigga can’t understand hundred grand
In these pants over here(hundred grand nigga)
Picture that I’mma hit her from the back
With my hands on her hip(Ima fuck yo bitch)
And I'm smokin' out the bag but I see your man with a zip (whole pound nigga)
Everybody attention on me, cuz everything I say so real (rich homie)
And that little thirty piece spent on the AP, got a nigga so chill!(I'm shinin' hoe)
And I got a 100,000 times 5 thats 500, I ain't got a deal (half a mill)
And all I drink is lean I ain't being funny when I say I dont drink beer(nah nigga)

[Verse 1: Rich Homie Quan]
Got a fam that love me I'll die about them and I'll kill (fam first)
I told my niggas the only rule we got is thou shall never steal (rich homie baby)
You prolly don't like, me, nigga, I don't really give a fuck how you feel (fuck ya)
I’mma tell you how it is, they don’t let a bitch feel
Do you know I keep my jeans filled with money? (I do)
You ain't never met a nigga like me before! (nah)
That pistol on me, I keep it exposed (fa-fa-fa)
I done made a million dollars and I didn’t sell my soul(I'm rich bitch)
Tell them folks that I got it
And I didn’t even go to college, brand new car and it's robotic (heeeyy)
I can touch one button make the top go back like (Aye!)(drop top my whip)
I can say two words, make her panties just drop like (Hey!)(drop it shawty)
The young niggas trigga happy with ‘em guns, they gon', spray! (click clack bang)
And they'll do whatever I say (okay)
Cause I got a brand new car the other day (hey hey hey)
She all on my dick, now it’s all on her face
See a nigga getting rich now she calling off sick
I done got a bitch pregnant with a babe on the way
Say it's time to eat so I'm saying my grace
More money, more problems I was playing that Ma$e(I was)
We’re getting money this way (get money)
You broke, I'll say it to your face! (broke nigga get back)
Security ain't talking bout shit

[Hook: Rich Homie Quan]
I done walked in with two cups
Feeling like the man of the year! (hey)
I done walked in with two cups
Feeling like the man of the year! (feelin' like the man of the year)
They done let me in with two cups
Feeling like the man of the year!
You know I'm the man over here, Get a fan over here, hundred grand over here

[Verse 2]
And I still spend money that I made like last month, nigga (all this money)
With all this money I can do what I want, nigga! (do what I want)
With all this weed I prefer that my blunts are swishers
Ballin too hard on these niggas
Referee blow the whistle(ballin' nigga)
Shoot out with your niggas
You’re the type to throw the pistol! (ol' scary ass)
If it’s for shoot out with my niggas
I’m first to blow the pistol! (belee that)
And I know you kissed her (fool), right after I dismissed her (I did)
You know I had to keep it in the family (huh?)
Now I'm fuckin her sister (oh shit!)
Now her big brother mad because
He knows she got smashed by the homie (you in yo feelings)
And I don't need no need no deposit
Cause you know a nigga walking with it on me(fuck nigga try me)
And I’mma hit that pussy when it’s fresh
Early in the morning
Cause it need the kissing
It’s been four days, I’mma fuck you like I miss you! (hey)
Smoking all this weed, cause you know a nigga got issues (I ain't crazy)
I’ve been locked up twice already fucked up my name in the system (twice already)
RIP Teezy bought my first chain, hell yeah I remember (RIP Teezy)
If it wasn't for you probably wouldn't be where I'm at so how can I forget you?
Nigga, I’m still in the hood
I’m still in the trap, I’m still the same nigga!
My momma still live by Greenbriar
Ain’t nothing changed but the figures
Ain’t nothing lame about me, nigga
I want it, Ima buy it, don’t check the tag nigga (nah)
Security ain’t check my bag, nigga!

[Hook]
So, I done walked in with two cups
Feeling like the man of the year! (feelin' like the man of the year)
I done walked in with two cups
Feeling like the man of the year! (feelin' like the man of the year)
I say I done walked in with two cups
Feeling like the man of the year! (feelin' like the man of the year)
Say I walked in with two cups
Feeling like the man of the year
I done walked in with two cups
Feeling like the man of the year
I say I walked in with two cups
Feeling like the man of the year
Man of the year, hey, them nigga lame over there, I'm the man over here, hey