[Intro: Rich Homie Quan (Retro Tha Kid)]
Rocket Gang Bang, yeah
Rocket Gang Bang
Rocket Gang Bang
Retro you ready?
(Back on this shit
Lehgo, yeah)
Yeah Rich Homie, yeah!

[Verse 1: Retro Tha Kid]
I say gangsta' gangsta, that's what you lookin' at
My Daddy was fuckin' Mama when he was smokin' crack
Bitch your hair too short, damn, where your weave at?
Say my heart too cold then Mami, where your sleeves at?
I know Rocket Gang Gang Bang Bang shoot 'em up shot 'em
Pay these bitches like MJ, shouts to my nigga Scotty
We be pimpin' like Don Juan, get rich like Homie Quan (Rich Homie!)
I'm just gettin' to the Ms, like the [?] on Lebron
Bitch I [?], I am Retro DeLaGhetto
On your knees beggin' please, put 2Gs in the rello
Call Keys I need a beat, beat a bitch like I beat my meat
Excuse my lingual, that's just the hood shit in me
Normally keep shit G and the G stands for good good
Still on the same shit from the wish a nigga would woods
G Phi [?], loud boy shit
I'mma jump off the edge, on my fly boy shit
Hey!

[Hook: Retro Tha Kid (Rich Homie Quan)]
(Rocket Gang Bang)
Rocket Gang Gang Bang Bang shoot 'em up shot 'em (Leh Go)
(Rocket Gang Bang) Rocket Gang Gang Bang Bang shoot 'em up shot 'em
(What you got?) Bitches on my line
(What you got?) Cause I'm probably Aristotle
(What you got?) Keep money in my pocket
(What you got?) And gold shit on my collar


[Verse 2: Rich Homie Quan]
Rich Homie tell 'em what you got
I got these bitches and cars, hey!
I got these bitches on mars
I make my Nicki's ménage
Put suspensions on my truck
Put some inches on her butt
In the kitchen, whip it up
I can pull up on my [?]
I don't know nothin' 'bout her
Not even her name, she still wanna fuck
We Rocket Gang and it goin' up
I got the flame and I got the torch
They say I'm insane cause I do too much
Fuck all the fame, just wanna live lux
Fuck all the fame, just wanna live...
No, fuck all these lames
Just like McHammer, can't touch (Woo woo woo!)
Man, Retro got on Retros (Watch the Swagger)
She feenin' for the dog food, no Petro
I'm a gangster gangster
Fuck around and I'll bang ya, bang ya'
Rick Flair boy on the right side nigga
Lil' nigga, boy you bite side nigga
Retro tell 'em what the hood said!

[Hook: Retro Tha Kid (Rich Homie Quan)]
(Rocket Gang Bang)
Rocket Gang Gang Bang Bang shoot 'em up shot 'em (Leh Go)
(Rocket Gang Bang) Rocket Gang Gang Bang Bang shoot 'em up shot 'em
(What you got?) Bitches on my line
(What you got?) Cause I'm probably Aristotle
(What you got?) Keep money in my pocket
(What you got?) And gold shit on my collar

[Outro]
Bitches on my line
Bitches on my line
Bitches on my line
Bitches on my line
Bitches on my line
Cause I'm probably Aristotle
Keep money in my pocket
And gold shit on my collar