[Intro]
Rich, Home, Quan.. Hahaaaa. I be laughing at these niggas mane. You feel me?. A lot of niggas think I'm fucking my check up, Mhmm.. But they don't know the half . mind your business nigga, you feel me? There's a story behind this shit
[ Verse 1]
Money in the attic got some more off in the basement. That money be coming fast ain't no need me to chase it little shawty she got her hand out but I don't do no favors. I might just bring them bands out no instruments I don't play them .. Brought a new Mercedes, cashed out on the payments they mad because I made it I'm bragging in they faces laughing at them haters while standing on the paper saying nigga we made it a fan of drizzy drake I'm making that line famous. I still ain't signed no label a deal nigga I'm straight. Forever I got that cake my bezzle it got some weight better tell em I ain't lazy. I've travelled around the state I might just buy me a private jet because I don't fuck with TSA. I don't fuck around with my ex, I just make sure she straight. Got this bust down on my wrist and this soirlon on my plate and your girl come take it. I don't want her she want a baby and she offer me a condom mane that bitch must think I'm crazy
[Interlude]
Who the fuck you take me for?!
Who the fuck you take me foe?!
Who the fuck you take me for ??!
Who the fuck you take me for??
[Verse 2]
Ran off with it I can't make no more , fed up with her I can't take no more,think that she in love with you I take your whore. Think she only fuckin you how I know she got that water .thinking that hoe is loyal I swear that bitch is not. Still taking them orders let bone run the spot .still gripping the fourty got the heat-up I'm hot.still on probation get in trouble automatic fine.... Ain't going back to no jail. They ain't locking me in no cell, talking bout phone. My partner, in jail with a cellphone. Cause he know he ain't coming home. No time soon. Probation ain't fuckin with him its already been nine Junes. Was broke as hell when he went in now I got a mansion more like nine rooms .I was hungry I couldn't buy no food. I was running too fast with un-tied shoes. So I trip and fell and bust my head then I realize that life too short to be playing with these niggas playing with these niggas I'm so tired of playing with these bitches laying bitches I ran up my band on these niggas ain't playing with these niggas . shawty on her knees sucking dick like she praying for a nigga

Money I've done seen a couple million and the party don't start til I walk up in the building and I got soo many cars nigga I could be a dealer and I be on that lean I might need a brand new kidney . hey. 235 for that Bentley. Hey. Drop head continental .ohh with that [?] You know we kill them. Pink slip on every  car I cop . pink lips on every bitch I fuck . that pink moly got everybody on stuck. I'm from the east side where everybody know of me. Everybody and they cousin be hustling and I hate to say it, good luck nigga, break a leg. And you don't even work bitch at least you can do is make the bed .yellow old school on 24's call it Kobe cause I'm a laker fan.shoot at your hip looking like you doing the stanky leg I got a bitch another bitch with friends. I might take a trip to France when I get a chance. In the money room doing the money dance..
[Outro]
Do the money dance
Ayye , Ayye, Aye. Doing the money dance
Dance on them quan dance on them quan
Dance on them quan dance on them quan
Dance on them, dance on them
Dance on them quan dance on them quan
Dance on them quan dance on em quan