[Verse 1: Jeezy]
Cut the tens, fold the twenty's, stack the fifty's, stack the hundreds (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Real talk, on God, gettin' paper (It's Tha World, nigga)
The bullshit gon' stop when my new album drop (yeah, yeah, wassup)
On God, silence all of you haters (Let's go~!)
My life's a video, I change clothes 'bout three times a day (DAAAMN!)
Jackie Robinson, I might just ball my life away (ha-ha!)
You know I'm feelin' like a star, its a Givenchy day (Givenchy)
She got the Halle Berry face and that Ashanti waist (yeah, yeah, yeah, let's go!)
They like, Jeezle why they hatin'? they feel some type of way (some type of way)
When you the shit, gon' be some fly's, I just might need the spray (spray nigga)
They wanna kill me in my sleep just like I'm Mike, okay (I'm Mike okay)
They didn't learn that night, you best believe they learned today (that's right!)
Its funny niggas, Kevin Hart (Kevin Hart), I don't pay 'em no mind (nah)
Went to save me the translator (translator), I done told niggas I'm fine
Assassinate my character, you fuck niggas should get fined for that
Fuck you and your feelings nigga, ain't nobody got time for that (ha-ha!)

[Chorus: Rich Homie Quan]
That car I'm driving make you feel some type of way
That custom Breitling make you feel some type of way
This bitch I'm with got me feelin' some type a way
Is it because my homies rich you feel some type of way?
Some type of way, make you feel some type of way
Heard she wana fuck me, know you feel some type of way
Mr. CEO is what my title say
Me and my homies G'd your ho, he feel some type of way

[Verse 2: Rich Homie Quan]
Okay, some type of way it made the billboard, Mama (it did, Mama)
I know you feel some type of way about my come up (I know you do)
I told her in the nicest way I ain't want her number (get back)
My nigga Drake said some type of way the hit of the summer
My pistol still bustin', I don't care bout nothin'
Won't remember none of this shit when I wake up (I won't remember)
That Percocet on my ass (hah), and I done had a couple Xan
My eyelids bout to close, I'm tryna stay up
I'm still reppin' my clique baby
Rich Homie forever ho, I gotta stay (I do)
Name another super hero with a flyer cape (where he at?)
You sold your soul for some money, that's the price you pay (you dumb, nigga)
Three shows a night, that's a 60K type of day
S-M-H, L-O-L (hah), smiley face (hahaha)
First class, R. Kelly, 'bout to fly away (let's go!)
And I still got that hideaway, that my private place (Rich Homie)
I know you feel some type of way
About my

[Pre-Chorus: Rich Homie Quan]
My niggas been hustlin' trying to make him something
Ain't no telling what he'll do for the paper
Soufflé
I'm straight, I steak my plate
Sade, I'm a smooth operator

[Chorus: Rich Homie Quan]
(I drop the top of my whip baby!)
That car I'm driving make you feel some type of way
That custom Breitling make you feel some type of way
This bitch I'm with got me feelin' some type a way
Is it because my homies rich you feel some type of way?
Some type of way, make you feel some type of way
Heard she wana fuck me, know you feel some type of way
Mr. CEO is what my title say
Me and my homies G'd your ho, he feel some type of way

[Verse 3: Meek Mill]
Okay, I popped a nigga chick (okay), and he feel some type of way (he do)
Started talkin' dirty about me (talkin' dirty), popped up dead right away (like brrrt)
Sixteen to his body (he gone), twice in the head [?]
And I dont fuck with no new niggas (no no), if they ain't from around the way (turn up!)
So my niggas, my niggas don't rock like that til my young nigga Snupe got popped like that (got dropped like that)
I got guap like that, nigga throw a shot here, get shot right back like (Pow!)
Rari let the top go back (SKRRT), you ain't even know I like Rocko back
Getting to the money 'til its off in a R-colored phone
Cole World, where the tacos at (oh Lord)
Niggas selling 'caine over here, all black rain Mulsanne over here
All these niggas have things over there, it's a drought my nigga, make it rain over there (walah, walah)
Respect the connect to Wi-Fi
With Birdy, we playin' bye bye, you fuck around get clapped nigga high five
Cause my

[Outro: Rich Homie Quan]
(My nigga.. I drop the top of my whip baby!)
(I'm shining ho)