[Verse: David Dallas]
If I fell off tomorrow would you still love me (Are you down?)
If I never got on would you still love me
If I fall out would you try and steal from me
If I've had too much would you take the wheel from me
Say you only want the real from me (Are you down?)
It's what everybody says but what nobody needs
If you ask how you looking when you get your new jeans
If I dont give a thumbs up are you still keen
Let me know girl, jokes
Ain't dumb enough to ask that
Done tryna run game like a half back
Tryna sit up in the box with the coach now
And i'd be lying if I was saying I was broke now (Are you down?)
I ain't well off either but I'm self made
At the very least paid dues paid
That ain't very cheap
So tell me are you still down
So tell me are you still down if I'm in a boujee apartment and I ain't at the Plaza?
If it's all top shelf instead of lager
Would the hood still listen to me after?
Do you people really want to see me answer
When everybody either Fetty Wap or a rasta
It's like tomorrow can't get here any faster
Times are changing
Young rappers are ageing
Becoming OG's, can't stay the same
When I'm in a whole another place, tell me to my face, are you down

[Hook: Trey Bond]
It's so hard (are you down?)
But you keep me right on track
Ain't nobody got my back
The way I know you got mine
Are you down? (Are you down?)
Yeah, you sine like me (oh yeah)
But you gotta grind like me
It's so hard, yeah yeah

[Verse: Kid Seb]
Say are you down if I had to bang street with them rocks
Are you down if I ever got in trouble with the cops
Say if I had to get away, would you come away
Said are you down if there ever had to come a day
Shit let me know, Derrick Rose how I run a play
I'm on the road, 'bout the goal, I just wanna say
Ay, I just wanna say
I'm on the road, 'bout the goal, I just wanna say
Are you down  (are you down?)
If my situation changed up
Looking through a glass wall feeling caged up
Would you keep me staying strong as I age up
Girl, are you down
Ask my brothers would they last through the favours
Or would they only ever holla at me on occasions
While I sit here looking life through the pages
Tell me would you stay down through the phases
Down through the name if I didn't have a playlist
Or roam streets hung around with the basics
Stay down through the trials, tribulations
If I ain't rap i'd flip burgers at burger king
Are you down to tell your friends you're feeling me
Put my life on this music and feel the energy
And if I fail will I still be on your centrepiece
Or have my kid living life through his legacy
Eyes on the prize, never eyes on the enemy
They on the front, 'cause I made what I said I'd be
Shit, hold it down for the crown, it's the recipe

[Hook: Trey Bond]
It's so hard (are you down?)
But you keep me right on track
Ain't nobody got my back
The way I know you got mine
Are you down? (Are you down?)
Yeah, you shine like me (oh yeah)
But you gotta grind like me
It's so hard, yeah yeah

[Verse: Lukan Raisey]
Know my brothers, they been with me though the cold phases
You gotta be by your blessings, ain't no catching cases
I been lethal, all this pressure never got my patience
Through adolescence been representin' all I created
Feeling major
Never am I skipping pages
Is you down for me still if I wasn't the greatest?
Is you down for the thrill if I gave you a playlist?
Or wanna make you a million supplying these flavors? (are you down?)
Yeah, they be fiendin' amazement
But showing me what is real through every occasion
Older cousin was in the field, he told me to take it
Ain't no changing on how I feel, through all of this fake shit
And it's history in the making (are you down?)
We dun held it down for the set, now steppin' on stages
We plotting around the rest, beware of the danger
I've been down from the get, dividing these angles
Still it's rest in peace to my angel
I would've been on the streets or locked in a cage too
I would've been holdin' heat, or tuckin' these bad two's
But once I heard me a beat, I divided these bad rules
Steady, I be grindin' until the sun up
If I ain't boppin'
We flowin' through for the bills, ain't been changing up for the dollars
Been motivatin' the real
While we separatin' the problems

[Hook: Trey Bond]
It's so hard (are you down?)
But you keep me right on track
Ain't nobody got my back
The way I know you got mine
Are you down? (Are you down?)
Yeah, you shine like me (oh yeah)
But you gotta grind like me
It's so hard, yeah yeah