Yeah, yeah, yeah!
We gonna make it to the top, it won't be long
So get it right, get it right!
Don’t get it wrong, get it wrong!
We gonna make it to the top, it won’t be long!

Yeah, feeling like today I’ve been to hell and back
Told my girl start cooking dinner and pull out the welcome mat
Can’t nobody tell me jack, radio was hella whack
So I turn that shit off for the drive home
Tape adapter plugged into the iphone
Now I’m up in my zone, feeling like a mother fucking cyclone
I could do whatever I set my sights on
Step through the front door like honey I’m home
See those Nikes on the floor, you reckon someone would buy those?
Grab up all this useless shit, lets log into TradeMe
Get rid of it all babe, can’t nobody cage me
Upper-class dude for a change, bit sick of all this shit
This job these gigs is all the same
But sick of all this pay, going on this place.. I don’t even wanna stay at
I think I go insane, you got a dream you need to chase that
We needa bounce asap, they say you only get one shot
Believe I’m gonna take that, and make that, yeah!

Chorus:
Woah, no more sitting round
Wishing things were different down here
Man, I’m feeling like a change!
It's time to start lookin' round, start lookin' round, start lookin' round!
Woah, no more sittin' round
Wishing things were different down here
Man, I’m feeling like today
It's time to start lookin round, start lookin round
Start lookin round

Yeah, let me take you back a couple years
Way before I met a couple peers, a couple years
Before I knew that rapping could be a career
Met a girl
Type of chick that probably turned some brothers queer
My mates said she was bad news
I wasn’t smart enough to hear
All advice is going in
One in out the other ear
All my cash gone and her hands
On another pair
Of shoes or some food or a subtle hair, color change
She all in my ear, saying music is just fun and games
Telling me to grow up, that all my mates are fucking lames
I’m caught in the middle, drinking booze just to numb the brain
She’s so insecure to something, well and she just complains
Unhappy with, her, life, looking for someone to blame
Too lazy to go get it,wishes she could coast the fame
Claiming she don’t need me
But she’s bluffing like a poker game
It’s insane that I stuck around at all, misery love company
Man, I’m better on my own!

Chorus:
Woah, no more sitting round
Wishing things were different down here
Man, I’m feeling like a change!
It's time to start lookin round, start lookin round, start lookin round
Woah, I ain’t taking no more shit from this bitch
Im bout to exit quick, feeling good today
It's time to start lookin' round, start lookin' round, start lookin' round