Doe B:
Shit
Shit fucked up man
My nigga can’t win for losing out here
He take 3 steps forward and take 4 steps backwards
Damn!
I can’t shake this shit man
You don’t know how it feel when a nigga got that monkey on his back
I got that monkey on my back
Uh! Hey!

(Verse)
Have you ever been fucked up? (fucked up)
Down bad on your luck?
Lost your last, now you stuck in the hood
While you know it’s the streets signs
All you hear is police sirens
Grind so hard, that your feet tired
I was celebrated my birthday when Lil’ Heat died. (rest in peace)
Found out in the worst way, now it’s beef time
And my mama was in prison when she heard I got hit, I heard how she cried
Fucked me up deep inside
If nowadays a nigga hustling, they police now
A nigga told on Fat and took Zeke down
Shit will never be the same, that’s why the streets crying
But I’m a keep trying

(Hook)
I’m just trying keep that monkey off my back. (Shit fucked up)
You don’t know how it feel when a nigga got that monkey on his back. (Free all the real niggas man, real talk)
Shit so real when a nigga got that monkey on his back. (Lawd! Damn!)
You don’t know how it feel when a nigga got that monkey on his back. (Can’t shake it. Can’t shake it)
You don’t know how it feel…

(Verse)
And I remember this like it was yesterday
When lil' daddy and lil' sam went to make that play
Damn i wish lil' sam ain't had to kill him
Humble situation from the beginning
But how is you going to say a nigga snitching for?
When you caught on camera trust me they don’t need no witness
I thought we had understanding before your sentence?
I told you I was praying for you, I ain’t got nothing against you
Sometimes that’s just how the dice roll when that’s how we living
You got to learn to keep them bitches out your business
And lil’ daddy mane you got to start paying attention
That’s the reason I ain’t friendly

(Hook)
I’m just trying keep that monkey off my back
You don’t know how it feel when a nigga got that monkey on his back. (If anybody understand, I understand my nigga. For real.)
Shit so real when a nigga got that monkey on his back. (That’s how the dice roll sometime man. Shit be fucked up. Shit.)
You don’t know how it feel when a nigga got that monkey on his back. (For the real niggas though. Stay the same)
You don’t know how it feel…

(Verse)
And I done robbed, and I done stole, and I done did the whole nine
I done made a couple moves, what goes around comes around
Coke up at my uncle house. Ran out with a couple pounds
Next day, I found out, grandma would be no longer around. (Rest in Peace)
And I just wish that she can see me now
I miss you. I swear I’d do whatever just to see you smile
I’ve been hurt by plenty niggas, they want to see me down
Same niggas I swim with, they want to see me drown
The same niggas I had love for. The same niggas I broke bread with
Them niggas cross me out for crumbs
But I ain’t tryin to make em famous. They should forever remain nameless
There’s a thin line between love and hatred and I don’t hate you

(Hook)
I’m just trying keep that monkey off my back. (I don’t hate you my nigga, you know what I mean? I pray for ya.)
You don’t know how it feel when a nigga got that monkey on his back. (Hey, why you niggas out there preying on me?)
Shit so real when a nigga got that monkey on his back. (I’m praying for y'all niggas man.)
You don’t know how it feel when a nigga got that monkey on his back. (Hey, forgive but don’t forget nigga)
You don’t know how it feel… (Yea)

(Outro) DJ Scream
Rest in peace to everybody we lost
Free all the real niggas locked up
Like I said before, these the street scriptures
Baby Jesus, nigga!