[Intro: Doe B]
I’m here to motivate the streets, nigga
What about you?
Yea, I’m here to motivate these niggas to get money man
You know?
I’m just preaching to the streets, these my words, nigga


[Verse 1: Doe B]
It’s Young Doe, and I’m here to motivate the streets
Let me show you how to get money and play for keeps
Show you how to turn nothin’ into a quarter key
Make sure you keep your tooly and your lawyer fees
‘Cause when you sleep, that’s when they reach for your throat
And in these streets, they say you reap what you sow
But it’s a big difference between rich and poor
Don’t let that money come between you, like rich and poor
To be paid in full should be every nigga’s goal (paid!)
Got even more ambitions after every nick I sold (what else?)
Every dime I grind (and what?), every ounce, every pound
Dedicate this shit to you every time I shine (dedication!)
I’m here to motivate you niggas to get paid
I knew how to get money since the sixth grade
You in the streets and still broke you should be ashamed
It’s like you never get the picture, you should be a frame


[Hook: Doe B]
I’m here to motivate you niggas to get a sack (Preach!)
Stay committed to your hustle, and run up them racks (Preach!)
If you’re out here and you’re broke, you should be in the trap (Preach!)
‘Cause them folks don’t care nothin’ ‘bout you when you’re young and black (Preach!)
I’m here to motivate you n*ggas to make a jugg (Preach!)
If you ain’t gettin’ money, n*gga then what you doin’? (Preach!)
I know I probably sound like a bad influence (Preach!)
But I’m just preachin’ to the streets, somebody gotta do it (Preach!)


[Verse 2: Doe B]
Reverend Doe, Reverend Doe, what’s the word today?
Sellin’ dope, don’t go broke, it’s the first today (sellin’ birds!)
Hustle hard, fuck a job, we got work today
Grind hard enough, you could get a vert today
Ambitions, gotta have ambitions
To find a way out the streets you’ve gotta have a vision
Decisions, make the right decisions
Hustle hard, hustle smart, nigga gotta have precision
I’m here motivate you niggas to make a play
Sittin’ around doin’ nothin’, that’s just a waste of day (what?)
I’m out here on the clock shift from eight to eight (I’m clockin’!)
‘Cause out the dark nigga, I ain’t tryin’ to see your face (naw)
On the way to the top, I’m tryin’ to lead the race (let’s go!)
Who the realest nigga in it, shit need I say? (The Kid!)
Motivation, dedication, inspiration, end of conversation


[Hook: Doe B]
I’m here to motivate you niggas to get a sack (Preach!)
Stay committed to your hustle, and run up them racks (Preach!)
If you’re out here and you’re broke, you should be in the trap (Preach!)
‘Cause them folks don’t care nothin’ ‘bout you when you’re young and black (Preach!)

I’m here to motivate you niggas to make a jugg (Preach!)
If you ain’t gettin’ money, nigga then what you doin’? (Preach!)
I know I probably sound like a bad influence (Preach!)
But I’m just preachin’ to the streets, somebody gotta do it (Preach!)

Preach (x8)