[Intro: Doe B]
Yea
I got a lot of questions, no answers man
No
Rest in peace to all my niggas who ain’t here with me
(I don’t know why)
Free all my niggas locked down
Listen I keep it real tho
(I don’t know why)
Aye
(I said I don’t know why)
I don’t know why yall can be like this tho

[Hook: Doe B]
I don’t know why these niggas hatin on me
I don’t know why we still stuck in in these streets
I don’t know why I can’t get no sleep
I don’t know why the pain is runnin so deep
I don’t know why we in a world so cold
I don’t know why he had to take my folks
I don’t know why they had to cage my folks
I don’t know why I hate to say they don’t know

[Verse 1: Doe B]
I don’t know why they had to take Lil Heep
That was my nigga since we were 13
I swear to God everyday still hurts me
I probably would’ve died if they would’ve merk fees
And I don’t know why the devil had to curse me
I don’t why these niggas killed Lil D
I’mma keep yo name alive, you still live through me
Lawd when I die give me bulletproof wings
And just cus I can fly these niggas wanna shoot me
That's why I keep that iron I can’t let em do me
I gotta stay alive, got too many mouths to feed
You can hate it all day still ain’t no stopping me
Gotta change my ways, I can’t be in these streets
I made it all the way to BET & MTV
That’s the number one reason why these niggas envy me
Gotta kill these niggas I can't say i'm killing me

[Hook: Doe B]

[Verse 2: T.I.]
Why I’m so slum to death, till I’m so numb in life?
Some in it say I’m the king, But will I ever survive?
Will I forever be shaking? These suckers rolling the dice
Man would I cherish the fame if God lowered the price?
Have I already been where I’m gon go in my life?
Will everybody who doubted me now be finally right?
Well I don’t give a fuck when kids don’t say I’m dope
Don’t they know that I only do this for Phil, My daughter Leah and Dub
Why am I so so fuckin selfish? Why it’s takin so much?
For me to be happy with myself, why niggas hatin so much?
Why niggas playin with they life? Speaking on my wife
Forgive em for they know not Lord
I’m just prayin for they life
What Doe B did for Montgomery no one could ever take from him
Why they kill him ‘fore he get to the money? Riddle me this
Why my city ain’t shit like it used to be
SOME said ’cause they locked up Meech and T

[Hook: Doe B]

[Outro: T.I.]
Rest in peace to my nigga Doe B
Hustle Gang over everything
CBM what it do?
Aye my nigga we all miss you and we ridin for you partna
And for whatever worth tho you were bossed up at the funeral
Ya know what I mean?
All white errthang, ya dig that?
You see it
Anybody ever lost someone
Then you know the pain we going through
It ain’t over though Doe
I got you partna
You worked too motherfuckin hard, we won’t let this shit go to waste my nigga
We gon get and boss up holmes
Salute!
Hustle Gang, GDOD
CBM, that’s what it is nigga
Yea

(x2)
(I don’t know why
I don’t know why
I said I don’t know why)