Young Chop on the beat

[Intro]
Yeah. x4
Nigga can you move it. Yeah… x2

[Hook x2]
Choppin’ up the yayo, on the table can you move it
We just making money let these haters make excuses
Had to drop my bitch she thought the dick was too exclusive
Jump back in my foreign thang and shot that bitch the deuces

Deuces… deuces
Ya bitch I shot that bitch the deuces … deuces
Ya got rich and shot that bitch the deuces… deuces
Ya bitch I shot that bitch the deuces… deuces

[Verse 1]
Yeah…
Gangster Gibbs never gave no fucks
Keep at least 5 hitters in the trunk
Got these niggas tiptoing through the town, lay them muthafuckas down, roll the windows up
Let the K blow his windows out
Hit his house put the thang in his mouth
When you fucking with some niggas that dont give a fuck about it    life sentence this is how it goes down
This is how it goes down
Turn the lights off
Walk back drive back get your popped off?
Set em straight yellow tape nigga white chalk
Solo cuz a fuck nigga might talk
Solo cuz a fuck nigga might switch
But next time caught money get it right bitch
Cuz man I know a motherfucker that'll hit his own mother for a little bit of the brown and the white shit
So how you live nigga?

And its say ABK all day everyday till the day I die
Young nigga drug dealer got his squad full of killas and they all gonna ride
So its ABK all day everyday till the day I die
Young nigga drug dealer got his squad full of killas and they all gonna ride

[Hook x2]

[Verse 2]
Yeah
Niggas gang banging in the deuces
Niggas 'caine slanging in the deuces
Before the foreign thang was on the forgiatos on a box chevy on deuces
Had the candy thang and yo the trunk would bang like an orangoutang da bitch stupid
When she fucked with you then she a buster too she don’t leave with me the bitch losing
And a nigga just got a motherfucking nine off
Crack rock cook it up dry it off
Nigga want to stay for a half a thang but ima peel his fucking cap then slide off
And a nigga just got a motherfucking nine off
Crack rock cook it up dry it off
Nigga gettin' figures in the motherfucking heroin business them dope fiends tie it off
God damn


And its ABK all day everyday till the day I die
Young nigga drug dealer got his squad full of killas and they all gonna ride
Say its ABK all day everyday till the day I die
Young nigga drug dealer got his squad full of killas and they all gonna ride

[Hook x2]

[Outro]