Love HP(freestyle) Lyrics

Dese bitches love hp and that boy Jb
He be dropping straight heat going fuckin crazy
And it's fuck you pay me man
Dese boys fugazzi I was raised by og's dat make me a straight g.
Nigga I am a.b. fuking c off one 3..n we got dat funky I smoke like a junky
N it's always onnnn me make dese bitches horny.....!!!!!
Man dese bitches on me Man dese bitches want me ..
I jus call n ....trouble t from k.c ..
Know dat boy from way back sister head crazy
Say he on da freeway n he need a trey peice told dats a sleeve
But since I fuck wit u it;s 80
Bytch its free willie n it's free willie ...
Dese niggas can't take me ..I pray dey dont kill me ..
Man dey tryna drill me cuz I m livin filthy
Dis jus for dem real niggas I kno dey gone feel me
Dis ain't for no hater I could care less for a faker ..
Big shorty got dat 40 so homie dont make da paper ..
My team 2 fukin major we dont tote no fuckin tasers
Line u up like the equator got dat beam I got dat laser
Chasing cream I’m chasin paper..
I m dumbin thru the check...Im Johnny B I m wildin n I m dumbin for my set ...
Yea we jus bought a benz n it's comin wita lex
Dey got gotta dat package deal yacht comin wit da jet ...
Nigga alll we do is flex im so motherfuckin fresh
Allota rappers comin out dis year im da best ...
Put me 2 da test bet I leave em n a mess...
N boy you bet not try me draw dat pistol like as scetch yess
Cruise thru the block let trunk go pop bet n trunk gon knock bet dem hoes gon jock
Arm out da window ho blow my watch n dats probably why da ho wanna blo my cock
Sho stopper but da show dont stop..gon down bitch yea no yung jock
Man fuk a buzz I soda pop wit my Flow on big ..N my soul on pac..
Lata 4 a honey mind on my money nigga fuk around n
My mind on dummy im gettin it cuz da
Grind made 4 me n I keep dat nine nigga try n take from me ..
Probably poppin dat marley fukin round wit my people ...
Fukin round wit my people I have dem boys come see u
N I’m jus sippin my lean probably puffin my reefer
My niggas send ya 2 a preacher it's three thousand for a feature
N I on fuk wit dem lames phony’s or dem leaches ..
U rap niggas so corny man I dont fuk wit yall niether...
If da bitch bad den I’ma greet ha if da pussy rite I’ma treat ha ..
Gotta smart mouf I’ma feed ha ....I ball hard u n DA Bleachers....