[Hook 2X: Rah Digga]
I love it! (I love it!)
I want it! (I want it!)
I need it! (I need it!)
Got to have it! (Got to have it!)

[Young Zee]
Yeah, 5X got me high to death
So high I can't even tell my right from left
If it's beef, right now we in trouble
Cause all of us drunk and Young Zee seein' double
Shout to my dames in the house
Let us back, knowin' my tape coming on
You can strip right now and get butt naked
This dough come first nigga, a bitch come second
Girl, you gon' make me kick one leg in
Right inside your stomach while you six-months pregnant
Zee disrespect thugs, that wanna flip drugs
Doe can't fuck with my check stub
Let me hear about a war, y'all get carried out the door
An' buried 'round the floor, you're fairly kinda poor
Ya'll barely drive a four
I push big shit, watching Mary Tyler Moore and I love it!

[Hook] - repeat 2X

[Young Zee]
Pass me your blunt you gon' get it back tossed
Pass me your 40, here take the backwash
You nobody, your crew's so tiny
Zee got labels arguing who gon' sign me?
C'mon! Get your click's whipped
Football scores, we beat 56 - zip
Neck crampin', sex slammin' (aha)
Fuck so much we need to get examined
Simmer down now, Zee and Rottweilers
Two big dogs, you just a lil' dog like Bow Wow
Girls choose a wish, I'll fill your fantasy like Ludacris
Whilst your twat smells like tuna fish
Tonight, I could do it on my first night
No hotels, let's do it on my dirt bike
Just call and say when
You hate when I try to put it all the way in, but I LOVE IT!

[Hook] - repeat 2X

[Young Zee]
Zee sings: Ooowee, ooowee, ooowee, baby, baby, baby (hahahaha)

My boys bone any ho
Chill with the Outz on home video
Hoes ?said they no?, we rollin' in doe
Take big long pulls, a hole in the dro
O's get to go where no niggas go
I go get the fo', you go six below
Holdin' the rows, with a hole in ya clothes
Don't diss the O's or we'll roll to ya show
But there won't be no show cause we closin' the do'!
Go to your home we be bonin' ya ho
G-g-g-go, now where you gon' go? My boys stole your fo'
We're chokin' your throat when we catch you on the low and I LOVE IT!

[Hook] - repeat 4X