(ft. Torae & Styles P)
You got it, (soul) you got it
You got, (soul) you got it
You got, (soul) you got it
You got, (soul) you got it, you got it. (soul)
You know I got it, got it one of the .. artist
I figure need it ..somebody retarded on it
So I deliver on it he’s gonna spit the body on it
My shit beyond it you should be warned about it, ‘bout it
Is no limit when I .. is more shocking ..
It ain’t my fault the shit I take in tenses
Pinches and princess the b*tch flip shit
You ain’t no what you face it
Y’all niggas ain’t sick I’m losing my patience
Y’all ... Kelly ..niggas it’s not .. I got soul like the plain ...now it’s ..

Chorus:
You got it, I’m inspired, you want it, you got it
You want it I got it, you want it I got it
You got it, I’m inspired, you want it, you got it
You want it I got it, you want it I got it
You know I got it got it you can’t .. need somebody .. one day ..
I’m a master like .. stop it
It’s in the name in fact may be where I derive it
Don’t use it no ..get my deposit , don’t ask me where
‘cause I ain’t wanna gossip
Me not .. the project it’s logic only rap ..dirty area got me feelin like a psychic
Rapping about black president .. about my thoughts my brain speech
You don’t wanna try me just take the damn ..say I’m not introspective enough
True .. ‘cause I don’t make .. I make them .. mother f*cker ..
Straight .. everybody Mc the still not me

Chorus:
You got it, I’m inspired, you want it, you got it
You want it I got it, you want it I got it
You got it, I’m inspired, you want it, you got it
You want it I got it, you want it I got it
You know I got it mike up with a lock up with the
Any rapper f*ck it with the .. you’d better stop it
Wait before start ..retarded you’re poppin in the air
I’m not a good artist you just an .. rapper.. f*ck up nigga clap your back up
Just to rap
I pick my strapper ..the pants too tight this the fact .. another fact ..
You know I get spit all the shit ...

[Chorus:]
I got soul, you know I got it
You know I got it, got it
I got soul, you know I got it
I got soul ...