Matti Baybee (Hook):
Everyday I wake up trying to get that paper. Never care for haters cuz Matti Baybee major. Homie you a faker burberry,  Marc jacob. She wanna be caked up but I don't want relations.(×2)

Matti Baybee:
She wanna be caked up I don't want relations. Homie get your cake up, balling like the lakers. Boy you ain't no major, gucci with no laces. Riding in this 'rari I feel like a speed racer. Ballin' like a pacer chiraq I'm a native, and my chick is foreign out without no make - up. Tell her "I'll see you later" pockets got green faces, flexin' and finessin' you should get your weight up. Lacoste or Ralph Lauren who’s this alligator? My life presidential got me feelin' like the mayor. Matti I'm a player, sharper than a razor. All my girls are foreign look like they from asia. (My watch is a jacob, burbary Marc jacob. Shorty wants relations but I don't want to date her.×2)

(Hook)

Matti Baybee:
I'm too busy chasin'. Cruisin' in this Mercedes feels like I'm in a space ship. I feel like the greatest, I feel so amazing. I see all this money looking through these ray bans. All I do is make bands, all I do is blow it. Everyday I ball so my money is the motive. I don't want to date her she just wants relations. So she claims she's taken, Shorty you can (???). Getting all this cake up, blow it never savin'. Boy you lookin' jealous Homie pick your face up. Matti Baybee Ballin you should get your cake up. Hear that money callin' like "hello operator".  (My chick like a goddess I finna say my prayers. She know where my heart is but I don't want relations. ×2)

(Hook)

Fredo:
I be gettin' money, I be gettin' paper. Everyday I wake up. I just do it major, my life is amazin, Ballin like the pacers. Your girl want relations but I don't do relations. Tell her she can save it, I'm not finna save her. I just keep it real all these other niggas made up. I don't want to cake up your girl want relations, I'm so impatient the money; I chase it. (I be gettin money smilin' at you haters. Damn why you broke boy? You should get your paper.×2) I'm in love with money, I stay counting faces. Damn your girl all on me I just leave her brainless. Your girl want relations but I don't do relations. Riding in this beamer but it look like a space ship

(Hook ×1)