[Verse 1: KJ-52]
I met this dude one night right up at the door
Said kind of rude "who are you what you looking for?"
I said "nobody it's the stage that I’m heading toward
I’m on in 5 its about to rain bust a pour
My name’s on the page the same on the board
Can I go in this way plus I’m on the tour
I'm KJ I rhyme and plus do it for the Lord"
He said "not tonight" and went and slammed up the door
I’m like oh no everything’s a no go
Standing in the rain my cell phone like no no
Scratching my brain like I'm stuck out my own show   
Want to complain till a fan was like "oh yo"
And then he rolled up began to walk
Said "I been listening to you since you DC Talk
Can you sign all the CD's that I got
TobyMac your the best man you really rock!"

If I had stayed at that flower shop
I could’ve been a manager but now
What you think about that, what you think about that?
Oh what am I to do
Probably should’ve went right back to school

[Chorus: Sean C. Johnson]
Just like momma said oh just like momma said
I should’ve never quit my day job
I should’ve never quit my day job
I should’ve never quit my day job
I should’ve never quit my day job

[Verse 2: KJ-52]
Sometimes I wonder what I'm rapping for
First I’m Eminem now I'm Macklemore
They box you up they wanna stick you in a category
I'm never stuck I dodge the bull like a matador
Stank eye walking in the door
Rap game Larry Bird but I’m in another sport
I break ankles and I shatter boards
And build a ladder to the God that I’m rapping for
But they never ever seem to get it tho
Some say I'm tobyMac others thought I'm Mineo
Some think I'm only wack others think I'm criminal
Stuck up in the middle like rap game little bro
Standing here feeling like a jerk
Holding a pose with a fan till my hands hurt
Cause her man can never make the cam work
While they holding up another rappers fan shirt
If I was still a traffic cop
Could be working homicide but now

What you think about that what you think about that?
I should’ve never quit my day job
I should’ve never quit my day job

Now straight off people think I’m straight odd
Cause I praise God and rapping is my day job
I'm sitting on plane waiting just to take off
Dude trying to guess what I do but he way off
First I'm a DJ now I'm just a drummer
Says KJ-fifty-two, that's a funny number
I been doing this like 20 summers
I took the diss but I reminisce kind of wonder
What if I never quit my day job?
Just pulled a 9 to 5 trying to get my cake off
Would the ones that you saved would’ve strayed off
I'd rather struggle in the will of God then lay off
Hate all well you can say that I Straight soft
Life is a game and I’m gunning for the playoffs
So I’m glad to say I never quit my day job
And I’ll never be ashamed or try to play God

If I had stayed at that flower shop
I could’ve been a manager but now
What you think about that what you think about that?
Oh what am I to do
Probably should’ve went right back to school

[Chorus: Sean C. Johnson]
Just like momma said oh just like momma said
I should’ve never quit my day job
I should’ve never quit my day job
I should’ve never quit my day job
I should’ve never quit my day job

[Verse 3: Sean C. Johnson]
Hello Miss Johnson
Will paper or plastic be ok
Ok
Yes, yes still working on the music thank you
Thank you for asking
Ok, I won't quit my day job, thank you ma'am
You need help with these to the car?
No? Ok, well you have a nice day, Miss Johnson, ok
I hate this job