[Intro: Thi'sl]
Hey PRo, you know which one of these sayings I hate the most cuz?
It's when they say "if you scared go to church"
I don't know what they talkin' 'bout, cuz I ain't scared

[Hook: Derek Minor]
Aye you can say what you say but we ain’t leaving here today
We never back down, never back down
And you gon’ have to bring them choppers, you want any hope to stop us
We never back down, never back down

[Verse 1: Derek Minor]
Aye listen here boy, I want you to hear me loud and clear
You can kick up all the dust you want, but we walk with no fear
Now when they merk us in Sudan, lock us up in Pakistan
Still ten toes down (what that mean?) stand
So I never back down, put that on my momma
No way you gon’ stop us, you gon’ have to pop us
We stay unashamed even if you bring them choppers
And send this note to Congress, tell them they ain’t gon’ block us
We in your school, in your hood, at your job
Boy we move where you move, for the cross we goin’ hard
See this gospel made us strong, we are nothing on our own
Fuego in our bones, and a pyro when I’m on
In the face of persecution, what’s this that keep us movin’?
The fact we bought by Christ, ain’t no way that he gon’ lose us
Stay rooted in this truth, ain’t no way you movin’ me
Till my heart get acappella (what you mean?) … no beat

[Hook]

[Verse 2: S.O.]
Back down? Never, PRo … all with beautiful feet, no room to retreat
But speak and let ‘em know, the gospel seed yeah let it grow
The blood that leaks comes from the martyrs, now they rest with the Master, so
Getting deep once more, here’s a start: I love Christ instead of dough
Instead of coke, instead of these things the world intentionally bring
Grieve when some intentionally leave the scene for some de-moral scheme
Me? I’m just a mortal being who’s seen the Immortal King
How does that sound? Play the background, never back down, but stand for my Lord and sing
This may sound boastful, maybe hopeful, but I know a few who ready to die
They livin’ but they hope too, if Jesus calls they’re ready to ride
They clingin’ to what’s close too, but most of us Americanized
Preserve the self, like most do, but Jesus taught the opposite side
Like those that follow Messiah, truly desire to live a godly life in Christ will go for the fire
Persecution will be required
But by his grace, we’re standing firm up in his word
Since we down, no backing down, that’s all for now, let’s reach the church

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Thi’sl]
You see I never back down, I don’t even know how
‘Cause before I do that, I would rather pass out
Take a beating from a hundred people till I black out
For the sake of the gospel, homie what your life ‘bout?
You see I never never never back down, no never
You can bring them guns, bring them choppers, it’s what-whatever
I done been in a place, gun in my face, stood my ground, they ran like a race
Did all of that for the sake of the world, what you think I do now standing in grace?
You ain’t seen nothing like this before
You think that I’m lying, dirty, go and ask the homie PRo
They know that it is a problem when we walk up in the door
Reach came 40 deep, well I brought a hundred more
And none of ‘em back down, we don’t even know how
You keep thinking this is music, it’s about to go down
You can bring them guns, bust ‘em, let them things go POW
You can say what you want, bring who you want, we don’t back down!

[Hook]