[Intro]
Now all the ladies in the house (The ladies! The ladies!)
The ladies in the house (C'mon, let me hear you say ahh-oww!) "Ahh-oww!"
(Say Ahh-oww!) C'mon, c'mon "Ahh-oww!"
The homeboys in the house (The boys! The boys!)
The boys in the house (C'mon, let me hear you say ho!) "Ho!"
(Say ho!) "Ho!"
(Give it up!)

Hey, party people just (bust this)
We got a little somethin' (that you can't resist)
We wanna say a little somethin' (to the other MC's)
Who said we don't have no quality
(We got) quality and sophistication
(And all we need is your cooperation)
To rock the house and with the greatest of ease
The Masters Ice! (Gee!) Bee! I'm Les (and Mr. Freeze)
So come on y'all, let's go to work
With Bambaataa, Jazzy Jay (and Red Alert)
(With others we form the Zulu Nation)
(Now check us out with our Jazzy Sensation)
(Huh!)

Can you feel it?
Can you feel it?
Our jazzy sensation

[Master Ice]
Now I'm the Master Ice and I'm twice as nice
And the dedicated prince of the disco slice
As you can see I'm formally known
As the rodeo rock of the microphone

[Master Dee]
Well I'm the Master D-E-E so what it be?
And rappin' on the microphone is my pet peeve
An Aquarius man, with a mode and style
And every time I rap, showin' up worthwhile

[Master Bee]
They call me Master Bee and that is true
Like the grass is green and the skies are blue
But I'm tellin' you that I will survive
'Cause I'm the microphone chief of the Jazzy 5

[A.J. Les]
And I'm A.J. Les and I'm so unique
And it would be a treat to hear me speak
I'm a Leo man, with the master plan
Holdin' those girls in the palm of my hand

[Mr. Freeze]
And I'm Mr. Freeze, and to tell you the truth
That my quality rank's about a hundred Proof
And for all of y'all who like to duplicate
I had to return to set the story straight

Ha-ha-ha-haa
Funk it up, funk it up, funk, funk it up

A-ha-ha (get down, yo)

Aaaawwwwww (to the funky sound) yes

C'mon everybody and start to clap
(Because we are the kings of the Body Rock rap)
Everybody (Everybody come check out the Five)
Jazzy Five (Jazzy Five, we're the best alive)
And when we rock (When we rock we can't be stopped)
And all you other (All you other MC's take a hop)
Our names (Our names are at the top of the list)
(And we're the best MC's that could ever exist)
So let's party! (Let's party till you can't no more)
And if you can't (And if you can't, just walk out the door)
But if you could (If you could, you deserve a crew)
And like the five (Like the five MC's from Soundview)
We're the once (We're the once divided reunited)
Here we go (Here we go) You know we go (You know we go)
(We go by the names down in the Hall of Fame
No other guy or dame could ever play the game
We're the flyest, the flyest, known to be the highest
'Cause we're at the top and we can't be stopped
We're the sweetest, the neatest, the latest, the greatest
The best MC's to ever arrive!
And we go by the name of the Jazzy 5
(MC's) rockin' the house, rock shockin' the house for the young ladies
(So watch out)
You don't stop (ha)
That Body Rock ha

[Master Ice]
Now I'm the Master Ice and I own [?]
I'm known to be the superstar of the disco
I'm five feet eight, with sweet brown eyes
Guaranteed to make this party come alive

[Master Gee]
Well I'm the hip hip-hopper and the MC topper
But everybody knows me as the ladies' grand rocker
MC Master Gee and I'm the singer of the crew
So tell me young ladies, what you wanna do?

[Master Bee]
And I'm the Master Bee as you will see
I hold the key to the door of society
But if you listen up close you will agree
(A-baby doll, he's the best of the century)

[A.J. Les]
And I'm A.J. Les at your request
A presidential rapper with a lot of finesse
'Cause you could call me A.J., but they call me Lester
The mic rocker, the woman possessor

[Chucky Chuck]
And everybody calls me Chucky Chuck
Chuck-a-luck a-luck a-lucka-lucka-luck
Instead of passin' the mic I had to pass the buck
(And now it's time to go amok, huh!
Funk it up!)
Just get on down!

So, listen everybody (Listen everybody)
Listen up everybody (Listen everybody)
'Cuz we got a surprise (Got a surprise)
We got a surprise (Got a surprise)

[Master Ice]
Yes indeedy, New York City lookin' pretty, have no pity
'Cause I'm the Master Ice and I'm in your city, hey
(Hey!) Now it's time to throw
Go high and low and do The Gigolo
Shake your body to the left (Shake your body to the right)
Go down to the floor, now you're lookin' out of sight
Then you come back up and look your partner in the eyes
You'll find yourself headin' for a big surprise
Because you split your pants a-when you went real low
(And that's why we called it The Gigolo)
Ha ha! (Gigolo Gig-Gigolo Gigolo) Serious, serious, c'mon to c'mon

I say clap your hands and do The Gigolo (Gigolo!)
(Clap your hands and do The Gigolo, Gigolo!)
Listen party people all across the nation
All we want from you (Is your cooperation)
And if you're gettin' down with no (Limitations)
Everybody say (Jazzy Sensation) "Jazzy Sensation!"
(Jazzy Sensation) "Jazzy Sensation!"
And you don't stop that Body Rock
It's on, it's on, it's on, it's on (yah ha haa!)
And if you know the words (brrr!) why don't you sing along

Can you feel it? Can you feel it? Our jazzy sensation
Can you feel it? Can you feel it? Our jazzy sensation
Can you feel it? Can you feel it? Our jazzy sensation
Can you feel it? Can you feel it? Our jazzy sensation

I say Jazzy (Jazzy)
Jazzy Sensation (Jazzy Sensation)
C'mon, 'cause it's the Jazzy (It's the Jazzy)
Jazzy Sensation (Jazzy Sensation) Ah yeah, ha (Shep Pettibone!)
C'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon...
Lean left, ha! Lean right
(Lean front) You gotta (Lean back)
And c'mon c'mon a-c'mon, you gotta ride it baby
Ow! Yeah, baby, ha ha! (Jazzy sensation)

C'mon and get down
Stop messin' around

That's it, aha, ain't it funky now?
Ha ha ha ha, that's it
Huah! Ain't it funky now?
Uh! Uh! Uh!
Everybody, everybody in the place
C'mon-a c'mon-a c'mon and move your left leg
Huh!, c'mon c'mon, c'mon
Everybody throw your right hand in the air
Coolin' out, coo
C'mon-a, c'mon-a, c'mon and then lean left
And then lean right, and then lean front
And then lean back, c'mon, c'mon
(You gotta ride it baby!)
Ain't it funky, ain't it funky?
Ain't, ain't it funky now?
Huh!
Ha-ha ha-ha

([?]
Of Monte Crisco)
Ain't it funky now?
Huh!
Ain't it, ain't it, ain't it, ain't it, ain't it funky now? Ah!

C'mon, uh c'mon, c'mon, uh c'mon, uh c'mon, uh c'mon
I say clap your hands to the beat-ah
Clap your hands to the beat y'all
That beat-ah
That beat-ah
That beat that'll make you feel sweet-ah

Ha-ha
Cardinal Hayes, rock, rockin' on, rockin' on
Master Gee rock, rockin' on, rockin' on
[?] rock, rockin' on, rockin' on
Stevenson, rock, rockin' on
Aquinas High School, rockin' on, rockin' on
And Monroe, rock, rockin' on, rockin' on
[?] is rockin' on, rockin' on
[?] just rockin' on, rockin' on
Brooklyn Tech keep rockin' on, rockin' on
And [?] keep rockin' on, rockin' on
Murry Bergtraum, rockin' on, rockin' on
And Fashion just rockin' on, rockin' on

Cut [?] is rockin' on, rockin' on
Cardinal Hayes rockin' on, rockin' on
Flushing High, rockin' on, rockin' on
To the break of dawn

We ran out of schools
Hahahaha

Word!
Hehaha
We ran out of schools!
That's 'cuz you don't go, hahaha
What you talkin' 'bout, man?

Manhattan College coolin' out
Coo-, coo-, coo-, coolin' out
You got ta, you gotta, you gotta, you gotta, you gotta
(Funk, funk, funk, funk it up)
C'mon, get down, stop messin' around
You gotta (funk, funk, funk, funk it up)
C'mon, c'mon, c'mon, ain't it funky now?
(Funk, funk, funk, funk it up)
C'mon, ain't it, ain't it, ain't it funky now?
(Funk, funk, funk, funk it up)

Ah, huah!

C'mon
Ain't it, ain't it funky now?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha, ain't it funky, ah!
That beat y'all
That beat, beat, be-beat y'all

C'mon
Say James Brown
(James Brown
James Brown
Say James Brown)
Yo
Shep Pettibone coolin' out
And to Mr. Magic, rock, shock and turn the motha out
Shep Pettibone coolin' out
And to Mr. Magic, rock, shock and turn the motha out
Mr. Magic, jump on it, jump on it
If you want it
Shep Pettibone coolin' out
And to Mr. Magic, rock, shock and turn the motha out
Shep Pettibone coolin' out
And to Mr. Magic, rock, shock and turn the motha out
Say nobody gives more music
Nobody gives more music (A ha ha)
Say nobody gives more music
Say what?