[Verse One: El Da Sensei]
These three niggas past due, smash, slash on avenues
With compatible tapes fine tune to battle fakes
See I'm, verbally put, crushing my [?]
I'm off the books with my no look pass, I slash crooks

[Asheru]
It's a jooks
El Da Sen' hit me with the alley oop
Above the rim plus I make you dream hoops
Over loops that's more like nightmares
I'm right here first off the line
Niggas crying, "He don't fight fair"

[J-Live]
Fair fight, yeah right
How you gonna fight fair son?
One on one you out numbered in the battle of wits
And outmatched in the war of the words
You won't get shit but diss, dismissed and disturbed

[El Da Sensei]
Word superb be the grandest
Rap band this
Vandalize your snipes if we really can't stand it
Smack niggas open handed for spite
Without a thirst for Sprite, ignite flames upon the mic

[Asheru]
And like a beacon of light you see the god shining
In the heat of the night, on stage or showtime
I've been seasoned to fight, you get knocked the fuck out
Stop talking out the side of your head, use your mouth

[J-Live]
Better yet, use inside of your head, just stop talking
And keep listening until your ears glistening
The last dragon fashion, without the jheri curl goo
Catch the bullet in your teeth then chew like

[Hook: El Da Sensei]
Fellas, tell me now what you wan' do?
Ladies, tell me now what you wan' do
All y'all in the back, yo what ya wan' do?
All my people in the front, yo what you wan' do?
Smoke! Tell me now what you wan' do?
Wild out! Tell me now what you wan' do?
Listen up, all my people in the front to back
Seven Heads be the crew, now what you wan' do?

[Verse Two: Asheru]
I wanna spit rhymes Starbucks style, you know venti
You few and far between my flow, good and plenty
It's Ash' from the way beyond, guess who sent me
Some niggas that you ain't fucking with, evidently
It's elementary, Unspoken is the name brand
Seven Heads who mastered the game plan
You heard how we, roll together like herb and spliffs
The wordsmiths of the empire, never tired state
Inspired, turn styles like NYC transit state
On the road, the family demands it
Whether I'm rolling with Blue or single handed
The crowd gets commanded till they can't stand it

[J-Live]
Word
Sit your ass down before you get branded
Matter of fact, put your mic back in the stand kid
Or else get your arm chopped off like Skywalk'
And we put you in the crowd to clap with one hand shit
Better off doing what Ash' just demanded
Even if it don't go down as you planned it
Dope shit recognize, dope shit recognize
How I just said it two times like Duran did
Just to get y'all to understand it
Better when rehearsed but just as hot candid
Bet you wack rappers up on the CD
When I finish the verse they say, "The eagle has landed"

[Hook: El Da Sensei]
Fellas, tell me now what you wan' do?
Ladies, tell me now what you wan' do
All y'all in the back, yo what ya wan' do?
All my people in the front, yo what you wan' do?
Drink! Tell me now what you wan' do?
Bang out! Tell me now what you wan' do?
Hold up, all my people in the front to back
Seven Heads be the crew, now what you wan' do?

[Verse Three: El Da Sensei]
We all click like drum sticks
Top gunner who run with
A crew of skilled writers who thrill crowds of hundreds
Thoughts relentless, keeping ya interest
With splendid music, vintage to the finish
I'm all purpose with the service to black
Push your wig back further cause we murder the track
Grab my ball to signify that we drop jewels
When we build foundations off a sound tools
Judge to council I rest my case
There ain't another MC trying to take my place
Manipulate bars and such, hard to touch
Cross up on a player trying to guard the clutch
Giving a fuck about what I put on the street
Cause you can't compete without rhymes and ill beats
This one goes out to non believers who sleep
Just a brief conversation of the shit complete

[Hook: El Da Sensei]
Fellas, tell me now what you wan' do?
Ladies, tell me now what you wan' do
All y'all in the back, yo what ya wan' do?
All my people in the front, yo what you wan' do?
Bricks! Tell me now what you wan' do?
DC! Tell me now what you wan' do?
Brooklyn! All my people in the front to back
Seven Heads be the crew, now what you wan' do?