[Verse 1]
We're the maniacs, so it's more manic
Kinda old school, but it's organic
I'm running up his mouth, got his jaw damaged
You get violated or banished
We paint pictures - more palates
Dropped a few to Rita just before Alex
Had a mixed race thing way back in the day
Had a bit of Black in her but she was more Spanish
Wanna be Heaven sent, standing on Heaven's stairs
Just knocked the six box out, where's the seventh square?
Now it's the offices with the leather chairs
This got that Broadway feel, call it Fred Astair
You better step aside when we step in here
I ain't got the time just hit my secretary
I'm 'bout to let it fly, call my tec 'canary'
You full of disrespect and I ain't taking any
It's more balanced, that raw ballad
This that DJ Drama, or Khaled
Yeah them new cats coming up are okay
But to get to here you need a little more talent
I had an alan key before Alan
Don't put your hand on me, have more manners
The man will bang on beef, they're more salad
Now put a bag of green in your -
Ain't no stepping to man
Man will step into you
Watch your step nigga cause you stepped on my shoe
I'ma get them mother fuckers, got especially you
Shit's deafening when I let my weapon kaboom
Gangsta - but the rap requesting balloons
Just ship and now you wanna stretch my canoe
Me and Boost said watch when nigga's step in the room
Roll that skunk up - nigga's got that Pepé le Pew
You impressioning me is my impression of you
Let that pressure cook when we pressure cooker your crew
Let that pressure cook when we pressing cook up the food
[?] playing and nigga's need to step up their [?]
Call me 2pac when he lit that [?]
Do not lose that cause man ain't got weapons to lose
Nigga who's that stepping with that effortless groove

You know what Tim, let's go to the next song, man
You got me passing through and just merking like that
You know what it's like
You know we're just having fun with it, you get me Tim?
We're seated. We're relaxed
Got the mandem in the building
SN1 all day, you get me?

[Verse 2]
You shouldn't ask about niggas over our side
Make you pass out nigga, this the dark side
Hear that screech sound nigga? That's the car tyre
Make a blood bath nigga, it's your bath time
Yeah the grass looks greener over there
But I bet it's looking greener over our side
[?] raa - like the far side
Check the work rate or the archive
Ain't no mercy when it's bursting
Cause I'm the big bad wolf and I'm thirsty
And a nigga see murder; call me Percy
And there's no limits to a strap when it's dirty
And it hurts me
And it burns me
Cause this nigga's so badman trying to curse me
Nana had a [?] like Harry was with the Dursleys
When you bitch niggas see Giggs you should curtsey
Cause I'm sitting in the two-seat
With that weed, sitting next to Lucy
Don't be nosey, throwing in your 2p
'Bout that cash money - call me Tunechi
Fuck a comeback - this a kickback
Why's that? I'm on my Bruce Lee
Excuse me; oopsie
Phone Vita - come scoop me
Fuck your summer plans nigga, this a summer jam
Take it to the 90s when I did the running man
Nobody can do it like this but the brother, man
Nobody can do it like Giggs, shake a brother's hand
If I'm gonna run it then I'm gonna run it
If I'd never done it niggas would have never done it
Silly motherfuckers never saw me coming
Then I bagged a BET award they never saw me running
It's kinda Mr. Cool, I'ma risk it all
See me suited up call me Mr. Cool
Got a fully loaded clip hold your pistol, fool
Anywhere I want is where I stick my fork
Champagne time, help me lift the cork
Talking red carpets, nigga, get the door

Yo, listen

Man's so poetic
Two phone calls then man goes to get it
Steak well done think man won't fillet it
Shave off Ps think man won't Gilette it
Drink up now that bitch Amaretted
This that presi - Obama edit
G so heavy he's harder headed
He's so sick that he's -

Na, I'm giving you too much, man
You know how it is, Tim
All day, you get me?