[INTRO]
(*Cheers*) Boom, we're back again, we are This White Family Entertainment
We're here, Pecknarm, live with Giggs, BET winner
What? Baggaman was up there but he's got this
Anyway big man, what's going on about TV and radio
I wanna hear more, the streets wanna hear more, we can't hear from you
And who's this Ray [?]?

[VERSE 1]
Even though the hood bumps me nothing ain't changed still up in the hood hungry (real)
Got to maintain but i feel a bit jumpy so
'm sitting here looking at big pumpy (shit, shit, shit)
I get love from the villains in blocks when i do shows love from the women in flocks (yes, yes, yes)
So when Walk In Da Park dropped (what, what, what)
You would have thought i'd be swimming in guap (shit, yeah)
Tell the industry they better back down (down)
They don't know shit about my backgound (never)
Think they could understand chilling in the hood and a nigga comes around ringing of a mac round (shit, shit, shit, never)
We living in a crap town with no choice and the mission is to act now (town)
So you think i give a shit about Jasmine (who)
Silly little fat cow (umm, umm, ummm!)
Went home and i sat down (down), took my jacket off (yes), put my hat down (down)
I'm all over the map now (now), so Ray Paul your little mission just collapsed now (hahaha)
Swagger's intact now (yeah), video I had the bullies in the background (umm, umm, umm!)
AJ Jeans talking the hardest top (top), and we got the hoodies an the hats now (ha, hah, hah)
The [?] is looking blacked out, with that SN1 nigga on the back ouch (ouch, ouch, ouch)
Spen with the SN1 chain (bling)
I just had to give a fat shout
Talkin Da Hardest thats the track now
Freestyle with no hook how does that sound (jheez, jheez, jheez)
I just wanna thank all of the fans that support Hollowman and listen to his tracks now (wow, wow, wow)

[OUTRO]
(haha), yeah (yeah x3), they forced me to do it (hahaha)
Get me (get me x4), I just wanna be left alone (just wanna be left alone x3)
Jas (Jas x3), it's nothing personal (it's nothing personal x3), just business (just business x3)
You're blackballing me (you're blackballing me x3), I'm blackballing you (I'm blackballing you x3)
Get me? I see you and say what's good Jas (what's good Jas x3) you get me? (you get me x3)
See what I'm saying, it's nothing (it's nothing x3)
Can't say the same for Ray though haha (Ray though x3)
I'm not even asking.. for you lots help (I'm not even asking for you lots help x3), you get me? (you get me? x3)
I don't ask you to fucking, play my videos (play my videos), fucking...run my shit on your dead stations (dead stations x3)
Just wanna be left alone (left alone), do my own thing innit (do my own thing innit)
Back up off me (back up off me), and I'll back up off you (back up off you), you get me? (haha, you get me?)
First (first x3), dawg (dawg x3), [?]
They're gonna start saying ahh Giggs is a bully (ahh Giggs is a bully x3), but the truth of the matter is (truth of the matter is x4)
I'm the one that's being bullied (I'm the one that's being bullied), you get me? (hah, you get me x3)
Yeah (yeah), who is this Ray Paul bredda anyway? (haha, who is this Ray Paul bredda anyway x2)
I don't even know the cunt (haha, I don't even know the cunt x2), you know dem ones there (you know dem ones there x3)
Fucking (fucking, fucking), power hungry arsehole (power hungry arsehole)
In the end (in the end x3), you're gonna be forced to work with me (forced to work with me x3)
I'm just gonna want money for everything (want money for everything), it's gonna be nuts (it's gonna be nuts), it's gonna be great (it's gonna be great x2)
Yeah, SN1 all day (SN1 all day x3, you get me?)
Look out for the SN1 boy (boy x3), let's get that advertised (let's get that advertised, let's get that advertised,  let's get that advertised)
In the middle of the...mix of things (mix of things x3)
Oh yeah, and fuck the jakes (fuck the jakes x9)