[Intro: Conway]
Grimy, grimiest of all time, nigga
What's poppin', nigga?

[Verse 1: Conway]
Where the drama I want it to pop
I'm givin' niggas shit bags from stomach shots
Stick blast, quick fast, clip has, 100 shots
Peace to them niggas that whip glass and run the block
My nigga Dunns got caught with a sack (?)
Got a bag for him when he come home, that niggas family
Hood nigga, never give a fuck about a grammy
The real niggas that been through it, they understand me
Same niggas sendin' threats, them niggas quiet
He don't wanna feel the chopper bullets settin' him on fire
Knife work, gun work, whatever is required
Shootin' fire in this weapon, spittin' lead 'til you expire
I went from bein' locked in cages to rockin' stages
350 to them 950 (?) kicks
Y'all can spray if I okay'd it
Youngin got the sawed-off, them niggas chop the gauges
They not to play with
No socks when I rock the (?)
Sendin' pounds over, I just prayed them boxes made it
Grimiest of all time when I jot them pages
That's why my fuckin' name ringin' like them slots in Vegas
Hear me, nigga? Hate niggas who front
I know you pussy, niggas clapped you
And you wasn't in that prison a month
Runnin' your dick sucker, that'll get you hit with the pump
Or I'm firin' the stick 'til you slump
It's The Machine bitch (lay the fuck down, pussy nigga)

[Chorus: Conway]
(Lay the fuck down, pussy nigga)
Nobody don't move or the gun blows, gun blows
(Nobody move, nigga, be still fuck nigga)
Nobody don't move or the gun blows, gun blows

[Verse 2: Styles P]
Deadly, a raw dose of heroin
Firearm, fishscale, fuck let the felon in
Ferrari dreams since Atari games
Catch him in the lobby and kill him, we heard (?) body things
Everybody let the machine pop
We gon' catch you slippin' off percs leavin' the lean spot
Bitch nigga (?) sister hit
Nah I'm just pistol whipped ya chillin' with the stripper
Bitch to be around the way, every day on some mission shit
Line a nigga up, deep water, no fishin' shit
You baitin', no chance to escape
I'm in the base 10 to 8 when the coke price deflates
So Conway, I surely know the way of the con
Deck of cards in the Qur'an like I'm waitin' to bomb
Long kind, short kind, I ain't playin' for (?)
Gun olympics, the Ghost don't pass the baton, what up?! Yeah

[Chorus: Conway]
(Lay the fuck down, pussy nigga)
Nobody don't move or the gun blows, gun blows
(Nobody move, nigga, be still fuck nigga)
Nobody don't move or the gun blows, gun blows

[Outro: Styles P]
Conway, what up?
Salute my G, Ghost, D-Block
Yeah, I like the feel of this, haha
My type of shit