[Talk Styles P & Pharoahe Monche] (amid Police sounds)
These Lil Niggas is crazy, what the F..., this our future..
It's about the children man, damn, a yo P, I prey to God for them kids man.. no doubt man for real where ever they at, real talk, it's real out here, come on

[Verse 1 Stlyes P]
CHILDREN in the hood seem to die at a young age
Wakes and funerals 'ill make it feel like a Sunday
All they talk about is money and gun play, (that's all)
Only light they getting is the one from the sun ray, CHILDREN (no light)
No light bulb bright idea, shame to kill that (shame) nigga was the right idea
Like a nigga lose his life every night out here, (every night)
Kind of hot but they talk about ice out here. (It's hot out here)
CHILDREN all on some ill shit (ill shit) twelve and nineteen already done kill shit. (soldiers)
All of them is numb don't none of them feel shit, (don't feel shit)
It's just like a war zone, that's on some real shit (It's real homey) CHILDREN
Homey this is O.G. talk, blow O.G. (O.G.) oats, kick O.G. (O.G.) quotes
In a low ? shake the police off, (Shake 'em off) only engage with the enemy, you know he soft. (What up) CHILDREN
All missing the roof off, (missing) lil niggas is hard they don't know how a school look, (They hard)
They know how a sucker or a herb{spelled wrong} or a fool look
(they seen that) they know how a crack pack, dope or the tool look, (they seen that)
Yeah, shit is real out here,(It's real) blood is like oil how it spills out here, (spilling)
If you ain't from out here then don't chill out here, (don't chill out here) nine-mill might pop a grill out here. (it might)

[Hook by Pharoahe Monche]
Some days and night I thank God I don't have no CHILDREN
Struggling hard and it's a hassle CHILDREN
Gotta teach them how to survive and win, the whole future of the world depends on CHILDREN
So I talk wise and speak clearly, but still sometimes they don't here me  CHILDREN
When I open my heart I catch feeling, cause the kids need hope they need healing CHILDREN

[2nd verse Styles P]

In the burbs play video games, (games) imitate wack rappers in the video ? (brainwashed)
Playstation, Xbox, Laptops, Desktops, (damn)
I be asking myself when will this mess stop, CHILDREN (when will it stop)
Snotty little niggas is too rude,  (too rude)
All I know is Google and YouTube is making it easy. (shit's easy)
Nothing realistic you can see on the T.V. (nothing)
But they call this reality show (yeah) CHILDREN
? make them gradually grow (stunt their growth) CHILDREN
Make them lazy, so crazy,(so crazy) nest stay hazy
Always keep a dutch steamed cause they ain't even make it no fun
Shit is touch screen, CHILDREN (damn)
And they don't talk they text: (huh)  LOL, WTF. And I be like damn what the fuck is next
Cause Mr. Illuminati seem to cut them checks.  (yeah)

[Hook]

Followed by the word CHILDREN repeated by ?