[Movie sample]
Turnt on the TV this morning. They had this shit on about
'bout living in a violent, a violent world. Started thinking man
Either they don't know, don't show, or don't care about what's
Going on in the hood...

[Verse 1]
The Ghost is deeper than most is
Leave out the house grab the toaster, stuck in the sofa
Pop in the clip, hop in the whip, tryna get the last drop 'fore it drip
Hoody 'tire, any hood he ride
Fall back get good and high
Where the phone at, next to the cognac
Bring your chrome at wherever you bone at, it's on, Black
But you should've known that
I hit a dutch, hit another one and rip a clutch
I get your block blickied up, bitch nigga what
It feel good to hear the real hood
I could then and I still could
Cause my 9-mil is real good
I'm coming for you then I'm gunning for you
I don't get blunted with you get hundreds with you
Bitch nigga I'mma kill you if I want it with you
You can join on the list and get your number issued

[Talking]
You know my main problem in life, is being too hungry
I stay focused nigga. I'm on top of my game

[Verse 2]
Catch me where the haze is sticky like gum is
The guns is louder than thunder
You can get rained on, depending which cloud that you under
Ain't nothing fouler than hunger, I wonder
About a lot of shit, you ever shot a clip or got a brick
Me I did a lot of shit
But no scholarship, give a crackhead the keys, let him polish it
Street life, don't abolish it
They breaking rules now, making ratting seem cool now
You should bat the fucking fool down
Learned the game from a old timer
Big money made the hoes finer
Why you think he sold china? I could dig it like a gold miner
I ain't lame and I can't forget the game with Alzheimer's
This is SP the Ghost
Puffing on a bone, when I zone it affects me the most

[Talking]
I'm passionate about what I do. The streets affects me
In a very major way. I'm close to the concrete. I believe
What I say

[Verse 3]
Pocket full of DPs, honey from DC
Cayenne with the TV, living is easy
Back in sixth grade, who would believe me
Switchblade crazy wear my clothes looking greasy
Now I'm the boss of the bosses
If you think you married to the streets I could make you divorce it
Always hear me speak on the Porsches
I think it's the horses, and how it zig-zag on the courses
Big bags of money, try grabbing a fortune
The wheel get real, gotta spin it with caution
I ain't really into the flossing
I'mma stay dark, follow you home, get into your portion
The guns on fire like stovetops
I think you on the road to perdition
And, here's where the road stop
I ain't tryna fall, I just want it all
Why'on't you let me get the ball, I'mma show you the globetrot

[Talking]
Everybody need a turn. This time is mines. And if I fail
This time, I be up at bat again and again and again and again...
Sometimes you gotta accept where you coming from. But matter
Fact, fuck that. I'm kicking down the door. I'm on your ass
Niggas. Watch me. SP the Ghost