[Intro: Jadakiss]
I ain't gon' do too much on this
It's that Vincent Price type of shit
(Kill kill kill! Kill kill kill! Kill kill kill!)

[Verse 1: Jadakiss]
Every verse is a novel (read)
Every other chapter, I bust you or carve you (leak)
I'm a grown man, so I don't wanna argue (uh-huh)
1-point-somethin' for the stone in the marble (mmm)
Thank God for the things that I got already (thank you)
No housewarming, crib hot already (woo!)
I'm heroin compatible, powder-ready (uh)
Them niggas that booked you is in the crowd already (kill kill kill!)
G-wagon'll do store runs (haha)
I ain't votin' this year, just coppin' more guns (yep)
Big funerals, everybody can all come
Mortician, hell of a job, body was awesome (awesome)
Body on the ratchet, only reason to toss 'em (mmm)
Probably up in the Four Seasons havin' a foursome (haha)
Lucky they get a Uber, I usually iron horse 'em (yep)
As far as the dope boys go, I endorse them, what?

[Chorus: Styles P (Jadakiss)]
Killin' these niggas like it's a sport now
Foul as a Rockefeller or Rothschild
Tailor made cloth on my body, holdin' the fort down
Room full of bosses callin' me boss now (what?)

Killin' these niggas like it's a sport now (what, nigga?)
Foul as a Rockefeller or Rothschild (uh)
Tailor made cloth on my body, holdin' the fort down
(HA-HAAAEEH!) Room full of bosses callin' me boss now

[Verse 2: Jadakiss]
Evil thoughts comin', should I re again? (what)
Havin' talks with the Devil, it's just me and him (what's up)
He ain't never crack a smile, but I seen him grin (haha)
In my man cave, watchin' CNN (mmm)
Yeah, I do it 'cause I'm built to
Bad day for me is red wine on a silk suit
I can make a call and have a nigga bring a mil' through (bring that)
I associate with the niggas that coulda killed you (kill kill kill!)
At the table -- the round or the square one
At the clearport, playin' cards 'til the Lear come (c-note)
Havin' money talks, too large for your eardrum
Death penalty, that's when the needle or the chair come (Kill kill kill!)
Best shape of my life, check the endurance
Got the guns in the attic for homeowner's insurance
You know, preferably, rather the chrome for my performance
Still murderin' shit, knowin' damn well that they on us
We like fuck it though, what?

[Chorus: Styles P (Jadakiss)]
Killin' these niggas like it's a sport now
Foul as a Rockefeller or Rothschild
Tailor made cloth on my body, holdin' the fort down
Room full of bosses callin' me boss now (what?)

Killin' these niggas like it's a sport now
Foul as a Rockefeller or Rothschild
Tailor made cloth on my body, holdin' the fort down
Room full of bosses callin' me boss now (what?)

[Outro: Jadakiss]
What, what, what, what, what...
(Kill kill kill! Kill kill kill! Kill kill kill!)