[Intro: Jadakiss]
Yeah yeah yeah yeah.... I just wanna know one thing. Who you mad at? Me or yourself? Sucka...
Yeah, D Block... NYC... Salute. I know what it is. Everybody, no exceptions. Line up

[Hook] x4
Selling, selling, selling drugs on the dime
Hanging out with young thugs that all carry nines

[Verse 1: Jadakiss & Styles P]
Yeah, what
For years we had the best recipe on the market
He running 'round like he a soldier (but he a target)
A lot of your careers was over (before they started)
It take a special nigga to notice (where your heart at)
I'm pulling up to the club, I'm in a spaceship
(A whole nation of thugs that embrace this)
These niggas tucking they tummies and getting facelifts
(They still trying to ball) I'm James Naismith
Yeah, 12 cylinder pushers
And this bubblegum rap (is just killing the woofers)
And you know I'm blowing the haze, (dealing the kushes
Tech on the dresser,) AK still in the bushes
Settle it in the street, (we ain't tryna do court)
New scratch-offs, (bootleg liquor,) loose Newports
(City is mine) the home team's who I root for
(all times) two P89s in the coupe door
(The dark comes) the sun go
(I try to be dumb ?) because these crack babies is gung-ho
Floor seats at your funeral (in the front row)
Get 'em the new Jordans (they letting the pump go)
If they could sell it (they could sell it), put the pressure
On, more than likely (they'll tell it), smoking
On that loud, (can't see it you could smell it)
Gotta rise with (the same niggas that you fell with)
Money in the mattress (guns in the couch here)
You thought it was wrong (till you ended up) out here
What...

[Hook] x4
Selling, selling, selling drugs on the dime
Hanging out with young thugs that all carry nines

[Verse 2: Jadakiss & Styles P]
It's bout to get ugly... Don't get scared now!
Yo
Told you I'm the top five, the other four don't count
(Catch me on the dope count) nigga ship the dope out
(Niggas got guns) so go 'head and pull the scope out
(Tryna get high) so go 'head and pull the smoke out
(If niggas got bread) then tell 'em to pull a loaf out
(Y'all ain't murking nothing) y'all the niggas getting moped out
(You don't want a problem,) you don't want to solve 'em
(You don't want a pissy ass teen with a revolver)
Running in your mom crib (fuck around and rob her)
Niggas shoot the shot (like they playing for Gonzaga)
You don't know the steelo (money off of cee-lo)
Took the Diddy advance, and went and bought kilos
(That was in the '96) now we in the '13
(You ain't getting paid bitch) and I ain't Kris Humphries
(I ain't Ye neither) I move yay though
We just having fun with the money, (play dough)
What up though, (let it bust though)
M-16 (cause you an emcee gusto)
LA weed, (Bay weed)
Always paper around, everything stays green
(Big guns) hopping out the van like the A Team
(Spit artwork) I'll ship hard work
Before they deal the hand (take a look at the cards first)
100 guns, (200 bricks,) that's mob work

[Hook] x4
Selling, selling, selling drugs on the dime
Hanging out with young thugs that all carry nines

[Outro: Jadakiss]
What? You're all welcome, you know...
You're all welcome
In case y'all forgot, don't ever forget. Nahmean? Never again
All aspects covered
We don't gotta explain what's already understood
Cowards. Don't make me tell you again neither
Poobs! P!
Flex!