[Intro: Styles P] [Aja in background]
What can I say? It's so real (oooohhhh, yeeeeeaaaaahh!)
I don't even feel like talkin' most of the time
It's ironic that I happen to emcee
Then I don't really wanna say shit
Kinda funny though
Huh

[Verse 1: Styles P]
I always feel the ghost is amongst me
I remember times when the roaches was hungry
The livin' was grungy, if it's money I bungee until the cord breaks
Thinkin' that I might be the one that's in the Lord's way
Am I the bad that's provokin' the good
We all ride, all live and we smokin' the good
But my nigga on the reel to reel
We move stock, 'til we not for gettin' killed for bills
And it's all about the chills and thrills, and the good times
It's like the mob nigga, in it 'til the hood dies
Addicted to the concretes, addicted to the crates
If we don't get a connect, we stickin' up a wake
Whatchu know about a wake, with the bishop bein' late?
All my jail niggas standin' up, fists up to the gate
Faggot-ass C.O.'s get the piss up in they face
Hold a grudge cause the judge never listened to the case

[Hook: Aja]
Even though you feel like, cryin'
Just keep on smilin'
Believin' that, there is gonna be
Somethin' better past the pain
And even though it hurts, like hell
You, just keep on givin'
Don't stop moving and
It's all worth it in the end, you just keep the faith!

[Verse 2: Styles P]
You can see it but you just can't vision it
Society judge a man for the way, that he live in it
Either you gettin' money or deal with imprisonment
No in-betweens - I'm gettin' green
Spots in the world where, they don't know what dinner mean
It's really not that crazy in the paint
Hear 'Clef in the club, have Haiti on the brain
Surrounded by liquor drinkers, niggas makin' it rain
And the world's always changin' but we still need change
Life's a bitch, is death like a good woman?
I ask that, cause I know the whole hood comin'
And the fam comin', and do heaven got
A ocean or a dam runnin' tryin' to understand somethin'
Flowin' like a feather in the wind
If It start off rough, do it get better at the end?
Do I go to a place, where I don't never have to sin?
Yeah!

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Styles P]
I'm wicked in my ways cause my temperament
Ride for my crew and fuck, everybody's sentiment
You enter in the dragon or "The Gangster and the Gentleman"
Saliva, is like poison, with adrenaline
I spread love to the point I hit the hate line
Fuck jail and state time but you ain't gon' take mines
It sucks when you livin' on gun terms
Rather be high on the island gettin' sunburned
Live 'til I'm old know what my daughter and my son learned
Life is all real my nigga, you get one turn
I'm tryin' to tell these boys that they oughta learn
It ain't just fire my nigga - even water burn
Yeah

[Hook]

[Outro 1: Aja]
Faith makes all things possible
Faith is the reality of, things I hope for
And the evidence of things not seen and told
Keep the faith y'all, just keep the faith y'all

[Hook]

[Outro 2: Aja]
Woah
Smilin'
Yeah, oh
Somethin' better past the pain
And even though
Hurts like hell, you
Keep givin'
Oh!
It's all worth it in the end, you just keep the FAITH!