[Verse 1: Styles P]
We be dippin' in Maseratis
Used to slingin' in pissy lobbies
I'm a D-Block nigga
If you violate mine, know niggas is gettin' bodied
And I probably go get the shotty
Dolo wearin' Polo, I probably be playin' shotty
I wanted juice, but I got a shooter
Video a nigga that swear that I'm not the truth
And say I never lied is a fuckin' lie
But who the fuck are you, who the fuck am I?
My mind is a prison and I'm stuck inside
Tuck a nine, fuck a dime
Get that money now, I don't know about another time
I only rhyme cause I love to rhyme
I work hard and yeah, me and the plug is fine
Could flood any 'hood with a ton of dimes
But I show my son my other side
Tell my daughter how it goes when a mother rise
On some other shit
Love a rubber grip, a key flip, Moët on a yacht, never sea-sick
Then get back home, you can see sick
You ain't got to look at the toilet to see shit
Got a gun I call havin' to take a mean piss
I let it go cause they said I wouldn't be shit

[Hook: Styles P]
You on my side, or the other side?
You on my shit, or some other shit?
Doin' me, never cared what the others did
I'm either in the crib or the other crib

[Verse 2: Styles P]
I always know what the streets want
Now I'm blowin' weed while I play the balcony beachfront
Watch the clouds move, hear the waves hit
Back in the 'hood, know it's the same shit
Niggas weigh bricks or they spray clips
I could turn a zip to a pound on the pavement
Feel good when the clique get the same whips
The jail on sale, but it's the slave-ship
[???] the orange and blue Asics
What did you learn in the basics?
Highrise vibe, but the flow's from the basement
Drink liquor, get more liquor to chase it
Burn weed, get more weed to replace it
Believe what you have faith in
Things that hurt you, a virtue to have patience
Do you want a estate or a state pen?
Do you want a good brother or a great friend?
Make end's meet or meet who make ends?
Who does your circle affiliate with?
The line you walkin' [??]
Stand in your square, don't let 'em take shit
They think you a monkey, then go ape-shit
My niggas roll in the [?]
S-P the Ghost, see ya'll niggas in the matrix

[Hook x2: Styles P]
You on my side, or the other side?
You on my shit, or some other shit?
Doin' me, never cared what the others did
I'm either in the crib or the other crib