[Click here to see what Jadakiss has to say about rapping back and forth with Styles P on “Synergy”]

[Intro: Jadakiss]
What?!
HA-HAAAEEH! Uhh, ah yeah
HA-HAAAEEH!
Yeah, Ghost...

[Just Blaze]
Just Blaze!

[Verse 1: Jadakiss & (Styles P)]
(We don't ride how you niggas ride)
Politics to the side, no one sicker than I
First the devil will try to conquer (then he'll divide)
It's my job as a man (to forever provide)
What's the meaning of livin' (since you barely survive?)
If you came from the dirt (now you touching the sky)
You keep fucking with me (you must be rushing to die)
So you better decide ('cause it's better to ride)
I'm 2 slots after the 3rd dead or alive
(You can give me the racks instead of the shine)
'Cause I been doin' what I been doin' ahead of my time
(If you ain't hearin' what I'm doin' you better rewind)
The only thing I'm scared of doin' is federal time
(I sold crack out the building, several dimes)
And I done counted up a million several times
(Gold plated Desert Eagles, incredible nines)
Better flows, better fabrics, better designs
(Family and loyalty) then the cheddar's behind
(I put some money on ya head) or some bread on ya mind
(We a problem alone) but we better combined
(Do it for those not here) and forever confined
(And we ain't promised tomorrow) so let's treasure the times
(And we ain't givin' it away) so let's measure the lines
(So keep killin' these niggas) pleasure is mine
(We get better with time) so you better resign
(Yeah) before death be the treasure you find

[Chorus: Both]
We don't care
Cuban link, Rollie affair
Roof missin', blowin' smoke in the air (HA-HAAAEEH!)
Freaky women and Benjamins, soldiers was here
You know it's lit 'cause you know we was there
And oh yeah, we don't care
Throw a gun in the sky, get ya money and slide
But keep in mind, still ride or die

[Verse 2: Jadakiss & (Styles P)]
(What really make you the top 5?) Cannot lie
Dead or alive, you cannot find bars better than mine
(Go head and ask the other 4)
The tip of the gun is hotter than the oven door
(Get baked 'cause I'm half baked)
Boss of the mob (you just a protege like Billy Bathgate)
Prototype car at the crib 'cause the cash straight
(Boss don dada) wa-dadda-dang
Listen to my 9 millimeter go bang
Heroin and cocaine with Hov' (chilled with Dame)
I got a gold (chain) and then them hoes (came)
Yup (red bottoms), the head got him
(You don't wanna hear ya homeboys name and) the Feds got him
(Niggas caught him slippin') hit him, the lead got him
T5DOA (G5 Benz truck)
When I was 19, I said I could sell a key a day
(It ain't hard work if the white hard, spot jump)
And I'm jumpin' in just like a lifeguard (on the deep end)
What you know 'bout 50 on a weekday (100 on the weekend?)
(Ya heard, man?
No we ain't Jeezy and Baby, but we Snowman and Birdman)
Manteca Jada, Perico Pinero
Any further questions, you speak to the barrel

[Chorus: Both]
We don't care
Cuban link, Rollie affair (what?!)
Roof missin', blowin' smoke in the air
Freaky women and Benjamins, soldiers was here
You know it's lit 'cause you know we was there
And oh yeah, we don't care
Throw a gun in the sky, get ya money and slide
But keep in mind, still ride or die
(You know I'm the Top 5, what?!)