[Intro: Kwam]
Yo
Are you listening
Hey-hey, hey-hey, hey
From England to Holland
Wotcha?
We keep it grimy
Wotcha now?
Understand that
Send it out to SXND7RS every single
Kwam MC
Style and scripture
Back again
Wotcha?

[Verse: Kwam]
Can't shake hands when your palms all clammy
Me, I stand still when the bars are chavvy
You should've stayed in, never should've come to the rally
Man are here looking at me like I'm a gyally
After the set, man wanna get pally
Wanna add Kwam to their MC mate tally
Can't sweet talk me, I ain't got a fanny
Watch man's hype fizzle out like Nani
Watch man's hype fizzle out like Spurs's
Speak it, but your team's shit like Spurs is
Your campaign is bound to fail like Spurs's
I'm gonna stop there 'cause it ain't worth it
You better stop there 'cause it ain't working
You wanna throw a spin down but it's not turning
Smack to the rope, now I've got a man cursing
Twirling my back like say I never heard him
Can't [?]
And you can't chat rude to me with your swag lyrics
I've got a style next man wanna mimic
It's a ting where I'm too tall to be timid
Say they're on par with their flows, they're fibbing
Way I shine bright's got your light all dimming
Everybody knows it's set to get warm
When I ask the selector beg run riddim
Can't turn me to a horse for your garms
Better off signing a horse on a farm
Only see me wear stuff that I like
So if I don't like none of yours, it's a par
I came here to get rough on the mic
And leave you all waving your jaws and your arms
Shout to the crew showing love to the vibe
It's style and grace, there's no forcing a bar
[?] for the real, now you won't get far
I won't say names, you know who you are
Bare screaming away, were you raised in a barn?
See man pull a next face, then I laugh
Heard 'bout man and thought 'he's not warm'
Now I'm like 'what, should I make man a scarf?'
Give me ten pound, I'll make man a jumper
If you want food, I'll give man a number
Don't come tryna talk tough, that's a blunder
Man here really don't care what you're under
Sith bars that I'll drop tear man asunder
Ten more syllables, that's what I'm under
Your flow's blocked up, better get a plunger
Got me stood still like juice in a tumbler
Do your ting, know I'm raising the hunger
But don't act up, I don't wanna done ya
Grime brought me out my shell a bit
The first bars I wrote were very shit
Was a clever kid but it still took me an age
Before I had big boy hooks on a page
To get myself used to the snares and bass
And making sure I sound clear in the place
Couple man hear what I'm doing here, that's great
True, it's all part of the style and grace
Style and grace coming out of my face
Feeling this bass when it comes out of the speakers
Don't do this for opinion leaders
Mandem have got a young buzz with the tweeters
Don't stop, you're not on par, that's a reachers
Better off keeping it nice when you meet us
By all means, roll to our set
Just know that you might get shown up when you feature
True, you might get parred when you pass here
Now you're fidgeting around, uncomfy
Come like man have got glass in their armpits
But [?] top class in the bars ting
What's man doing here? Somebody ask him
I don't wanna hear any mongrel barking
Went for the wheel, never had feel, never took breath
Now he looks sweat, spluttering, gasping
Let me take man back
To sellotape over the holes in the tape
Someone saying 2 2s and recording sets
[?] man that we now call vets
Most ain't got a Scooby about my depth
Think say I just put tunes on the net?
Big story but you ain't got a clue, that's bless
My fault, should've done more, not less
Shit got peak, my mind went walkies
So-called pals telling porkies
Don't wanna start going over the stories
Tryna be a big man, tryna move forward
We write bars to kill the boredom
Top ah top flow, keep up with the torsion
No point riding the tune all cautious
Better off going all-out to the [?]
Name and terms, I mean end of the line
Man better not beg friend or send in the ride
But I'm sure it's tempting alie
Better off trying your best on the mic
On a calm one, then my respect is given
I will show you respect like you were [?]
Best stick to the bars on the riddims
No palava, no feels, no -isms

[Outro: Kwam]
No -isms
No -schisms
No bluffing
No nothing
You get me?
AKA Warm FM
AKA No Bin Man
AKA Don't Lack
You get me?
Signing out
Whoa