[Verse 1]
Went to my mum's, with a few clothes
Into the wash I was gonna put those
I unball my socks, wrinkle my nose
Mum steps in, tension grows
"Wo ye adjuma?" She already knows
That I'll reply to that telling her no
It's bait that she's gonna ask about my grime music
On her face and her hands it shows
"All this music, where can it go?"
I turned round and said "Right to the top."
She said "I'm glad you think that
Big fact is it might flop, like it or not
Kwabena, go and start finding a job"
I grinned and put more clothes in the drum
I know she weren't writing me off
She just ain't sure if the dough's gonna come
I ain't gonna lie to you most would have run
Into a job or to uni instead
Now I'm trying to do a lot with a true team
Bringing CDs with a plot plus a routine
Other folk round me have not got a Scooby
It's like they think I've simply gotta
Click my fingers and my heels and then it's all gonna start
All around me and they all wanna ask

[Hook 1]
You still do grime? That's a joke
What's the point? It's not gonna blow
Forget the grime game, it's more than quite lame
You're just a fella on a sinking boat
All these years and you're still there broke
You MCs are the weirdest folk
Why would you tell yourself it's gonna swell your wealth
To do grime when it's clear it won't?

[Verse 2]
"Don't do grime, don't do grime
Don't be a fool, you're wasting your time!"
I tell the voice in my head "Look, shut it
I won't just quit - I'm not a muppet
The day I stop doing tings that I believe in
Will be the same day I kick the bucket
I'm on my own one, me I won't follow no one
Know why? I'm not a puppet!"
Arsenal on ESPN, classic
Lifting a trophy aloft, 'ave it!
Shame they can't do the same these days
Oh look here's my bro, let's start chatting..
So he's telling me about some party
Apparently a few heads were saying malarkey
Licking off cheap shots, trying to par me
It did jar me. I can't lie
Reason being I knew these in a past time
Now they're trying to take the piss out my pastime
I say pastime, really it's a hard grind
F them girls there though, I shan't cry
I heard they told him "Chat sense to your brother!
Cause he must be hurting your mother"
And he said when he said the genre
They were all gasping in shock and asking one another

[Hook 2]
He still does grime? That's a joke
What's the point? It's not gonna blow
He should forget the grime game, it's more than quite lame
He's just a fella on a sinking boat
All these years and he's still there broke
Those MCs are the weirdest folk
Why would he tell yourself it's gonna swell his wealth
To do grime when it's clear it won't?

[Verse 3]
There's one young lady, we get along well
Every so often man give her a bell
Bust joke and have a whale of a time
Till we start talking footy or grime
I'm a Gooner, she's a Yid
So we might as well say it like this then
I'm a genius, she's a divv
I'm always telling her her team reeks of shit
Anyway thing, yeah, grime
She must have seen one two of my vids
Now she keeps saying I'm stuck in '06
There's times I feel to punch her in the tits
She's like "Grime's had about two hits"
I'm like "Bruv, who gives a shit?"
"Clearly everybody else but you
Because you are, a big fat git"
She takes the piss, but it's all bants
I'm not mad, I know I'm not pants
On the Twitter page yeah you might see rants
Pay them no attention like Mancs
You know what I tell her when she tells me grime's dead?
"Is it? You think? Nice one, thanks"
I could buy an XL pizza if I earned a pound
For any time she's ever asked me

[Hook 3]
You still do grime? That's a joke
What's the point? It's not gonna blow
Forget the grime game, it's more than quite lame
You're just a fella on a sinking boat
All these years and you're still there broke
You MCs are the weirdest folk
Why would you tell yourself it's gonna swell your wealth
To do grime when it's clear it won't?