(Chorus)
La la la la la la la la

"Hello? Yeah man, I don't mind
Well, had a chance to go to the music awards. And I was in hope of getting a chance to meet Eminem. And I had KJ's CD with me, yours, and the Lord opened up the door for me to be able to meet him. After he won an award he was backstage with his bodyguards around him and they were pretty much keeping people away from him."

Dear Slim, I wrote you but you still ain't callin'
It's been like 3 years since I wrote that song and
A lot has changed now for you and I
I had no clue that I would write a song for you and it would change my life
Kids with tears in the eyes still come up to me
Showing love to me and telling me that they look up to me
Strangest thing I seen recently has come to be
That I'd get dissed for saying what Jesus done for me
But there's a whole 'nother side of things I've come to see
Still a huge influence you got upon this industry
But enough of me cause it's not what I came to say to you
Sorry now for what your mom and dad did to you
A lot of kids relate with you, cause really they've been there too
I know there's a lot of pain and hurt now that you've been through
But there's still a real love that God has gave to you

(Chorus)
La la la la la la la la

"I just kinda prayed, I said, 'God give me a chance to give him this CD.'
I had a chance to walk up to him and I said, 'Hey Eminem, you don't know me. But uh, you know that song Dear Stan you did?' He said, 'Yeah.' I said, 'Well there's a guy that's written a song to you kinda based the same way. It's called Dear Slim.' He said, 'What's he doin, dissin me?' I said, 'No.'"

Dear Slim, I wrote you but you still ain't callin'
I met the guy who backstage gave you my song and
I'm still wondering what you thought man
When he walked up to you and talked to you and left the CD in your hands
You might've listened to it, or you might've lost it
Some say you heard it probably got mad and tossed it
"Well did he hit you back?"
Well that's the question that I always get
But I know ya wife heard it and at least I know that she liked it
But congratulations on your movie yo and I heard your record sales is like over 20 million sold
But there's one thing that's really got me thinkin' bro
Does a Grammy mean anything if it's just gotta cost your soul?
I thank God for the love that never goes away
I was going to Hell but it didn't have to be that way
You see the bottom line of what I always say
Is that God puts back the broken pieces that were thrown away
If everyone you know just up and goes away
He'll still love you till the very day that you're old and gray
Still a lot of Christians, all they do is hate on you
Instead of dropping to their knees and taken time to pray for you
It's obvious that you really love your daughter, dude
And for that I gotta say, well, I got respect for you
But here it is, Dear Slim Chapter Part 2
From another cat still trying to make it just like you

(Chorus)
La la la la la la la la

"I said, 'Nah man, it's actually the opposite. He's actually showing you a lot of respect and love. There's a message of hope that he's giving you. If you don't mind I would like to give you one of his CDs.' He said, 'Man I'll take it.' He took it and we sat there and talked just a little bit more. Thing is, I don't know if he ever heard it or not."

Dear Slim, hear the junk that I'm goin' through?
MTV's hating on me and saying that I'm biting you
VH1 jumped in and started ripping on me too
It's so obvious they seem to get my song confused
I'll admit what I've said could sound funny
But I never came at you just to paint you as the enemy
I was never hating your or starting controversy
I was never blaming you and trying to make some money
See I don't claim to know everything that you've experienced
And I guess by now, well, you've already been hearin' this
But in my life there is one thing I hold is this
Is that a life without Christ is still a life that is never fixed
I'll admit it's a hard pill to swallow
That you and I these days will always be the role models
You see these kids, we're the ones that they always follow
What we say and how we live gives them a better tomorrow
I've had my share of sorrow, plus man I've been rejected
I've been chewed up, spit out and plus disrespected
But if I die today and never sell another record
Jesus gave me more that I ever could have been expecting
Life is hectic it can leave you blown away
But check it bro, man, we call just gonna die someday
And n that note well there's one thing left to say
Is that it's still one love and one God and only one way

(Chorus)
La la la la la la la la

"I said, 'He's showing you a lot of respect, a lot of love. This is a message from God to you through him. I'm just asking will you just take it and listen to it?' He said, 'Yeah I'll take it.' So he took it from my hand and I prayed, 'God use this and bless this moment to encourage Eminem into a relationship with you."