INTRO:
All rise. Case number seven-seven-seven-five-two
Defendant KJ-52 verses the Son of God in murder one
How do you plead?
Guilty as charged
Do you promise to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?
I do
Then go ahead

VERSE 1:
I solemnly swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth now, so help me God
What I testify and what I'm speaking of is an eye witness account of an experience of a kindof love
I confess now to what it was
I was guilty of making the very Son of God now shed His blood, and
I was guilty of the reason now why He was hung, and
I'm guilty for every evil thing not that I have done
I'm guilty for it all, I can't blame no one
I'm filthy with what caused the death of the Son
It kills me to think I was the one who shed His blood
I still think of the way He died now and how it was
It feels me with pain inside, I feel like throwing up
I can't escape, I can't lie, I didn't make it up
I was the one who took the life of the Holy One
This is the first time I've confessed now to what I've done

CHORUS 1:
I'm guilty, guilty
That's right, I'm guilty
God forgive me, I'm guilty
You know what? I'm guilty!

VERSE 2:
Yeah that's right, I did it
Right out in the open for all to see it, and
I never hid it, I got to admit it
They took the whip, ripped His back wide open and split it
I heard Him cry every time they pulled it back and hit it
I wondered why He was silent now, I didn't get it
I watched Him die while He cried out "It is finished"
Thought nobody would find out about the the crime I've committed
I tried to hide out, it's too late, that's right I did this
It's my time now, my own eyes have been a witness to my crime
Now I'm speechless and I'm defenseless
Can anybody find out it's obvious that this is my final time
Now I've finally come to my senses
I'm a climb down and take whatever I'm sentenced
I know why there's no way now that I could miss this
I opened my eyes, now I see Him just for who He is
This my guilt is mine now, it's so obvious that...

CHORUS 2:
I'm guilty
God forgive me, I'm guilty!
I'm guilty
That's right, I'm guilty
So help me

VERSE 3:
I'm just another person, I'm just another man
I was the one that hurt Him, I finally understand
Now I know that for certain I caused the nails to land
That left Him dead and murdered, pierced in feet and hands
So now you've heard it, I testified and took the stand
No other way I could word it, this is my confession and
I never lied or purgured, I told just the best I can but
I was the one that cursed Him, I was the trigger man
The page is turning and I've now just confessed to this
I didn't kill Christ, but it was just my sin that did
Now I've confessed to the crime, I don't deserve to live
I'm ready to do my time. All that I can say is...

CHORUS 3:
I'm guilty
God forgive me, I'm guilty!
I don't deserve to live, I'm guilty!
Take me away, I'm guilty
I'm guilty!

OUTRO:
Case number seven-seven-seven-five-two
KJ-52 verses the Son of God in murder one
The court has found you guilty as charged
However, after further review of the case
The prosecution has dropped the charges
You're free to go