Hey yo, oh, oh, ah, ah, ah, ah
(background singing) 'cuz I'm alone I need a friend
I need someone who understands the way I feel
So I can feel the way you feel
(spoken)I'll tell you what, do this
Make sure the hook is on there
And just record whatever I do, Alright?
(DJ through speaker) Alright KJ
(KJ spoken) Yo, its the KJ 5 to frickity 2
S.O.I. you know what I'm saying?
Silas repeat this
(rapped) sick and tired of being sick and tired
Sick of sticking out my neck to get me burned like a bic lighter
Sick of all the Jim Carey type liars
So I'm sticking to get a grip like some hand pliers
My manifesto, hit you the best flow
Hide behind the mics like you was stinkin death row
I'm already seeing through you like some windows
Stay on you like halo, shine like day glow
Trying to be the proffesional using amateur
You couldn't get the picture even with a camera
My stamina, this program is strictly slamming ya
You ducking like some draft-dodgers heading to Canada
I gotta hand it to you, you know how to break me down
Judas' kisses never seem to ever make a sound
But thanking God that was not from the lost and found
But keep in mind that what goes around comes around

Chorus:
I'm alone I need a friend
I need someone who understands the way I feel
So I can feel the way you feel (repeat)

(spoken) Yo, whats up man? How you doing?
Yo, remember me? We go way back
Wh-wh-wh-what do you mean you don't remember me?
...what?
(rapped) Hello, how you doing? What? You dont remember me?
Love turns to hate, friends turn to enemies
Homies turn to phonies, haters turn to cronies
As the world turns I'm still standing lonely
But there is one love thats never turning cold
Always got my back when I got played like a casanova
Always had a dry shoulder for me to cry on
And always made a way through the dark with a light on

Chorus 4x

Hey yo, dark now tell me whats up
Why you always seem to got beef like ground chuck
We used to cool, but I guess I'm out of luck
Would you mind taking the knife out of my back it go stuck
Its the Christ Jesus putting back all the pieces
His love runs the deepest, now close to ever peaces
Toss sin as far as wests to the easts
Never truly alone with the love that he releases

Chorus 4x