[Hook: Pigeon John]
Would you please
Would you dance with me
My darling would you please take a chance with me
I see you over there with the jocks
I see you over there with the rich boys
See you over there with all the pretty girls
And I'm asking one thing...

[Verse 1: KJ-52]
Back in the day I used to rock the MC Hammer pants
Jump in the middle of the party bust the running man
Doing the Roger Rabbit at the middle school dance
Got my man next to the bleachers now that's where we stand
Walk up to the girl like "now will you dance with me?"
She's like "well listen you'll never ever have a chance with me
I got a boyfriend and he's at like six foot three
250 pounds and he could beat you up in his sleep
And I'm like "well really what's that got to do with me?"
I don't see him around here so why don't you just come with me
I'll get you some fruit punch maybe some cookies
I got the new Vanilla Ice tape how can you not love me?
She's like "well first off all your pants is straight ugly
You can't dance and your personality just bug's me
So back up off me cause I really got's to let you know
That my boyfriend's right over there ohh I got to go

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Pigeon John]
I grew up in Inglewood a little brown boy
Had straight hair and I rocked corduroy
Walked down Venice way in my own way
Wasn't very popular with the girls in 5th grade
They used to call me nerd
That was even if they used to call me at all
Across the school hall I put my head and thought
What could I do to pursue and fought
In my own mind was a struggle of sorts
School was a game and I was off court
On the bench and the coach wouldn't let me off once
I sat in the corner of the yard like a dunce
And all I ever wanted was the girl to have lunch
Maybe in the cafeteria with some punch
But it didn't happen I didn't have heart
Cause I knew how it would end from the start and then I asked...

[Hook]

[Verse 3: KJ-52]
When I was growing up it was hard to be happy
Kids knock the books out my hand and make fun of my acne (exactly)
Give me a wedgie while they throw spitballs at me
And stuff me in my own locker and laugh at me
(ahhhh ha..) oh you think that's real funny
Cause I'm 5 foot with huge feet and I dress crummy
And all the school bullies want to just take my lunch money
C'mon man I only got a dollar twenty
Ya know ya life is just really sad man
When you play dodge ball your picked as the last man
And ya run as fast as ya can just like a mad man
Cause the football team wants to throw you in the trash can
So really will this madness ever end
Really will the nerd ever get revenge?
Will this girl call me back at around ten?
Will you go out w/ me? I just want to be friends

[Hook]

[Verse 4: KJ-52]
Now days I'm a little older plus a little bolder
But it seems like I just can't get over
You ever have a day where nothing goes right
Well that just seems to be the story of my whole entire life
So anybody out there know what I mean?
To feel like your third string on a football team?
And ya never ever gonna reach any of your dreams?
And your only hope is making onion rings at burger king
But now a days a lot of things done changed
Since Christ came into my life now and just rearranged
The way I look at myself son it ain't the same
I drive in a whole 'nother lane going against the grain
I know it might just seem a little strange
The fact remains I changed when I called on his name
So call me a nerd call me lame it don't matter to me
See all I need to know is that my wife will dance with me

[Hook]