[Intro]
Up on the housetop, reindeer pause
Out jumps good old Santa, Santa

[Verse 1]
Ayy, December 24th, I'm at my home chillin'
All of sudden, I hear this thuddin' right upon the ceilin'
I be like who be illin' right there up in my buildin'?
Killed my Christmas vibe and ruined this whole feelin' but (What's up?)
All of a sudden, a big dude with the white beard
Lookin' quite weird popped up like right here (Yeah)
Said I’m here to battle you, plus it's quite clear
Man, I’m in my Nike Airs chillin' with my wife here, relax (Yeah)

[Chorus]
Up on the housetop, click click click
(Come on up over to my house)
Down through the chimney came old Saint Nick

[Verse 2]
Ah, yeah, he’s like my flow is plain sick, yeah (Yup)
So, let me break it down straight quick (What?)
They call me Lil Kringles AKA Saint Nick
And you’s a lame kid now, plus you should straight quit, uh
He said it's risky to diss me
'Cause i got a flow that’s dirtier than ya chimney (Oh, all right)
I punch rhymes like punchlines to ya kidney
And if it was a present, that's the only way ya rip me, yeah

[Chorus]
Up on the housetop, click click click
(Oh, all right, this place, now we better get on)
Down through the chimney came old Saint Nick

[Verse 3]
All right, I said, "Listen, B, why the heck now dissin' me?
Plus, man, you're older than some ancient history
And your nose, well, it could really use a histamine
Plus, your milk breath, well, it could really use some Listerine (Whoa)
What the heck, dawg? You smell like a dead log
Wrapped in a red fog with curdled up eggnog (Ah)
Plus, it's time to get the weight off
So, why don’t you gone take off and go do a light jog? Uh (Do it)
So wrong you need to roll on
Plus, you need to get them reindeer off my whole lawn, uh
That's the junk to get you stole on
Plus, you better say so long before it goes wrong

[Chorus]
Up on the housetop, click click click
(Suck up)
Down through the chimney came ole’ Saint Nick

[Verse 4]
I'm standin' there tryin' to drink it in, uh (Yup)
Bunch of little elf men try to get on it, uh
How did I get in this predicament?
That's when I stood there and then I all sink on in
Man, it's quite amazin'
I got Santa and the elves and they locked up in my basement
And the reindeer are outside waitin'
Does this qualify as a home invasion? (Uh)
See? I'm about to start a riot
Against this dude, he just probably just needs a diet, yup
And he’s standin' there all defiant
And that's when I woke up with my two kids cryin'

[Outro]
Thank you
Where am I?
Was that a dream or somethin'?
That's weird

[Chorus]
Up on the housetop, click click click
Down through the chimney with old Saint Nick