[Intro: Beanie Sigel]
Uhh.. yeah
Uhh, what, what, uhh
B.I.G. rest in peace, baby bay be
Uhh, uh huh, what
Uh huh, uhh, uhh, uh
(REST IN PEACE, B.I.G.)

[Verse 1: Beanie Sigel]
I said a lime to a lemon, my Philly women
Living large off credit cards, charging and checking
Tapping niggas debits, you gotta respect it
Bitches true to the game, now be more careful, check it
What you expecting?
Time is money and I'm counting every second
You get mines or get naked
Check my track record, it be stretching
Longer than Jackie-Joyner going for the gold necklace
I'm dog nice, and I ball right
Push the Hummer for the summer, chrome kit with the fog lights
You talk shit, grip the four long tight
And quick to give you twenty like Kobe on a off night (what)
I can get you soft or that hard white
Get yours delivered on bikes
My niggas answer doors all night, go to war on sight
Hustle in velours and Air Force Nikes
Hoodies, fatigues, tan trees on tight
Pounds of that green, niggas breathe all night
Gallons of Promethazine be on lean all night
Niggas be calling lean all nights
How can niggas stand up on what I dump just to get mellow?
A dozen of Xannies, Percs (?) and yellow
Took niggas chains gassed up on Carmello
Rookie of the year, king James, nigga HELLO
B. Sig the veteran, now I'm 20 steps ahead of 'em
Still play the Late Night like Letterman
Still Con you like Edison, yes
It's the Mac with the craft that'll bring the cheddar in, uhh

[Chorus: Nicole Wray]
You can't stop the reign, you can't stop the reign, no
When it starts to pour (when it starts to pour)
No one else to blame (no one else to blame)
You can't lock the door (you can't lock the door)

[Verse 2: Beanie Sigel]
Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh...
B. Sige'll kill ya for 'bout million dollar figures
Silencers and beams on the triggers
Young niggas is shooting, but I do my duty
Strictly on the dolo, shells on the scene is a no no
Forensic team taking photos
IRS tryin to take my show dough, can't tax me, uhh
Adamant efforts to attach me
To the hustle, Feds in the mix of the scuffle (what)
Before I plead out, I white knuckle
Witnesses take the stand and buckle, shake like
Polaroid pictures with my soldiers come and get ya
Kick in the door, waving the chrome four
Bitches wanna screw me, niggas wanna shoot me
D.A. try and prosecute me
Lose me in the system, stuck in prison with male groupies
Visits, commissary slips, cartons of loosies, uhh

[Chorus: Nicole Wray]
You can't stop the reign, you can't stop the reign, no
When it starts to pour (when it starts to pour)
No one else to blame (no one else to blame)
You can't lock the door (you can't lock the door)