[Produced by Just Blaze]

[Intro: Cam'ron]
I wanna welcome you to an extravaganza
Something incredible that's about to take place
World renown, Roc-A-Fella, holla!!

[Break: Memphis Bleek]
Yeah... yeah, nigga...
Just Blazin' this shit, ya heard?
It's ya main man...
I'm back niggas... (HOLLA!)

[Verse 1: Memphis Bleek]
Yo.. yo.. my break I'm fresh off it
I never change, I'm stuck in these ways
Nike Airs, sweats and Taurus (uh?)
But I'm-a do it for my enemies
They wanna end my chill, wanna see what that villa be
Now what that sound like?
Plus they know what a clip get down like
Turn bags from bladders, legs to wheels, pain and pills
'Cause you fuckin' with a nigga that'll jump out, wave steel
I live this way it's real.. dog.. no joke
Blow smoke in ya bitch face, piss on ya wheels
Slap ya custies, clap ya worker, dead the strip
Stick ya connect, yap ya bitch
So let it be known I'm back for my grizzly
The Sergeant, the Cap, the MAC holds 60
For rookies and vets I'll bang 'til it click (click)
So run and tell ya duela the Ruger come with two clips, dog
M-Easy, won't leave, my hood need me
Pop fo' sheezy, who, don't believe me?
We all criminals but live like a Diplomat
We get low, when the dough low, get it back

[Verse 2: Beanie Sigel]
Here is somethin' you can't understaaaaaaaaand
How I could just kill a man for Killa Cam
Me and my Roc killer fam, top billers man
We run the spots, drop ceilings fam
Hit the wall drop ceiling fans
Listen boy, man I show you how to fill a van, up with killers man
And line the trunk
Keep a stash box for the nine and the pump
The coach walk you through and he grind you up
What-chu want the dope or the weed?
How you want package it? In the cap or the bag?
How you want me packin'? With the MAC or the Mag?
Yeah that Bent get back, but listen scrap...act real fast
And keep a wack that'll gag ya back
Block style from ya swagger, ya swacks
It's the Broad Street Bully, bitch
Bully niggas on the broadest streets
I house niggas on the narrowest BLOCK!
Know my rules when the barrel get hot
When the gun blows...and the shots fall...and the smoke clear...
Man I be hearin' you murdered (you ain't here!)
Nobody hit up in the cross 'cause I'm observin' (you ain't here!)
Nobody be missin' your loss 'cause you deserved it
South Philly niggas kill at will, I keep my MAC-milli CHILLY CHILL
On the really-real, 'fore I make you niggas feel this steel...

[Verse 3: Cam'ron]
(Killa, Killa!)
Go 'head stupid niggas go fuck with them chicks
I'm the third little piggy, I'ma fuck with them bricks
Better yet the bakery I got pies and cakes
Nigga think doublin' is turnin' 5 to 8
I turn 8 to 20, 20 to 100, 100 to 1000
That to 100,000, in front-a housin'
Closed the mall down, dog, no one's allowed in
I'm coppin' everything I'm done with browsin' (gimme that)
It's the top don, Glock palm, dot com
Get your shit rocked mon like Hasim Rahman
And I'm extra scary
CEOs all the frontin' ain't necessary (why?), I fuck they secretaries
All for information, it ain't necessary
They in love like the 14th of February
Play 'em like April 1st right before I slide off
It could be March 2nd, sound like July 4th
Halloween or Memorial Day
At your memorial be one year from today (today)
All y'all think it's peace and peachy
I leave you reesy piecy, all my bitches rock
Christian Dior, BCBG, 'round phony niggas get the heeby jeebies
Hungry hoes say "Killa feed me, feed me..."
Calm down ma, easy easy
Talk greasy, please me, get my man Weezy
Still rock Ellesses, to squeeze appease me
He ain't no tease but measly
Not Doggy's Angels, Killa, please believe me... uhh

[Outro]
You now rollin' with them thugs from the R-O-C
Niggas wanna despise the team
Roc-A-Fella
When the shit goes down
You know who's doin' the poppin'!
KILLA!
SI, SIGEL SIGEL!
M BLEEK!
Fuck those who disagree, my bullets you get 'em FREE!
Roc-A-Roc-A, Roc-A-Roc-A, Roc-A-Roc-A
ROC in this muh, muh-muh-muh'fucka...