[Intro: Beanie Sigel]
Damn, how am I gonna say this shit?
Hey... hey dad, yeah it's your boy
Remember me? I wanna talk to you, scrap

[Verse 1: Beanie Sigel]
I remember being kicked out the house 'cause I looked just like you
Said I'd be nothing but a crook—just like you
The niggas in the hood was shook? Well they just liked you
'Cause all they said was little Whitey look
I'm just like you, but dog I can't see it at all, shit
We never kicked it at all, we never pitched or kicked at a ball
Dog, you never taught me shit
How to fight, ride a bike, fix a flat, none of that sorts of shit
Nigga you was an abusive pops
Fuck, you left me out to dry, stuck
Gotta teach News to box, gotta teach News to to block
And that ain't the half of it man, I gotta teach News the block
It's about time we have a father to son (nigga sit down)
Sit down let me tell you 'bout your fatherless sons
How they grew to be men and father they sons
Father they daughters—nigga, you left a fatherless daughter
I never follow your orders
Nigga you make me sick, pussy, you could... ooh
How you gon' leave these memories in the back of my mind?
I can see it clear as day, you smacking my mom
I 'member that day you showed me that gat, that 9
Put it in my palm when I was young and said that would be mine
You turned me out, the reason why I hit the block
Reason why I tried to hit them cops
Reason why I started hitting shots
Reason why I started getting licked and drinking syrup and skipping court
Gingerbread Man never think of getting caught
Look at your hands, man—damn you fought
Nigga you left my mom
Left us with no good-byes, you left us out to dry
You left us with no letters, notes, no replies (nothing!)
No digits, numbers was unlisted
You left us with some of my loneliest nights
Nigga, some of my hungriest nights
Shit, one of the reasons for years (shit embarrassing)
Damn, we used to think money was white
Yeah you gave us life, like, fruit from a plant
We ain't eat right from them foods from them stamps
And to think, you was my pop, man, I gotta stop... shit

[Chorus: L. Dionne (Beanie Sigel)]
Daddy, where have you been?
(And when you come home, you got us here all alone)
Mommy, where daddy went?
(You always take up for him, always said you'd make up for him)
Mommy, what happened then?
(Who was you cheating on him?
Why he's always beating on you?)
Daddy, where have you been?
(Nigga, you gon' hear me out)

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
I wanted to walk just like you (remember?)
Wanted to talk just like you (word)
Often momma said I look too much
And I thought just like you (and I'd get happy)
Wanted to drink Miller nips and smoke Newports just like you
But you left me, now I'm going to court just like you
I would say "my daddy loves me and he'll never go away"
Bullshit, do you even remember December's my birthday?
Do you even remember the tender boy
You turned into a cold young man with one goal and one plan?
Get mommy out of some jam, she was always in one
Always short with the income, always late with the rent
You said that you was coming through, I would stay in the hallway
Always playing the bench (waiting) and that day came and went
FUCK YOU very much, you showed me the worst kind of pain
But I'm stronger and trust me, I will never hurt again
Will never ask mommy "Why daddy don't love me?
Why is we so poor? Why is life so ugly?
Mommy, why is your eyes puffy?
Please don't cry everything'll be alright
I know it's dark now, but we gon' see the light
It's us against the world, we don't need him, right?" (Right!)
Mommy driving 6's now (yeah), I got riches now (yeah)
I bought a nice home for both of my sisters now
We doing real good, we don't miss you now
See how life twists around, fucker?

[Chorus: L. Dionne (Beanie Sigel)]
Daddy, where have you been?
(And when you come home, you got us here all alone)
Mommy, where daddy went?
(You always take up for him, always said you'd make up for him)
Mommy, what happened then?
(Who was you cheating on him?
Why he's always beating on you?)
Daddy, where have you been?
(Nigga, you gon' hear me out)