[Intro: Dr. Octagon]
Yeah, at forty thousand Kelvin, it's Dr. Octagon
With the emperor general
Drop down to 40 Gs

[Verse 1: Sir Menelik]
Can science achieve a unified theory of a complex systems?
Permanently skeptical of friends of the institute
External faculty, that routinely exerts selective pressure
By killing less fit programs, life evolves, in cyberspace
Green and blue objects in self-replicating lightning
Represents random mutations completely chaotic systems
Such as turbulent fluids or heating gases are formless
Truly, complex amino bond traders appear at the border
Between individual order {?} torturing stick to terms compiled
Among a list of 31 ways to define, grammatical
The degree of universality in a language required to describe a style
Effective
The degree of regular, rather than random, information
For instance, complexity equals the capacity of an unexpecting observer
Thermodynamic depth, the amount of resources to put back a system
Together from scratch, pioneering, engineering, cybernetic cellular calculus
Cooperating flatly contradicting predictable circumstances
Including uranium-235, is obtained, for bomb fission

[Interlude: Sir Menelik + Dr. Octagon]
Can science achieve a unified theory of complex systems? (Maybe so)
Can science achieve a unified theory of complex systems? (Maybe so)
Can, science, achieve a unified theory of complex systems? (Maybe so)
Can science achieve a unified theory of complex systems?

[Verse 2: Dr. Octagon]
Like carbon dioxide, you messin' with the chemicals warfare
Different stars in atmosphere
Like Hailey's Comet, computers that'll make you vomit
CHANGE the earth cell saliva runnin' in your mouth, gastric juice
More beyond since Mother Goose
Created shapes the first man with hairy apes
Seven, thirty-five, P.M.E.T.D
Over props sprayin' crops like D-D-T
The first arrival of Apollo 13 beamin' down through raindrops
While pieces hit the scene
Atomic formats complex playin' on, silver DAT's
Guarded by sonic steel and takin' off by Thundercats
You're on the avenue wishin' you could see me
My forcefield shuts in two eyes seein' three of me
Illusions, fusion, particle gas confusion
I run space shuttles and me I'm gettin' the solution
Takin' off in bold, meet me at the black hole
Enzymes for your mind seems to move in tighter showin' you the spectrums
The past with a big lighter, you in my future now

[Interlude: Dr. Octagon + Sir Menelik]
Is H20 a gas or a liquid? (Perhaps concepts could not explain)
Is H20 a gas or a liquid? (Perhaps concepts could not explain)
Is H20 a gas or a liquid? (Perhaps concepts could not explain)
Is H20 a gas or a liquid?

[Verse 3: Sir Menelik]
Psychology, is not applied biology
Nor is biology, applied chemistry
Level independent some degree of the levels above and below captive
Intricacies after a frenzy of interest, theories collapse
Perhaps concepts could not explain
Irreversible concrete philosophical developments
Such an analysis, indicate, emergence
Naturally in simple society
The payoff matrix summarizes the scoring
Absolute software, thirty arc second strategy
Like drops of water floating in a void
Unstable atoms orbit distant clouds, nuclear having, excess neutrinos
All protons teeter, on the edges of nuclear stability
Or at drift lines under the stress, some develop a halo
Beo-radioactivity isotopes exotic
Depending on their velocities and charges narrow momentum distribution
Forces directly reflected, electric, magnetic
C-22 ally 11, escape particle with vomit
Properties of the nucleus, V8
And a sun that produces easily detected, neutrinos
Much less than predicted standards can be designed can be ended
And it provides for continuing evolution of technology
While remaining compatible with existing, applications
And programming language

[Interlude: Sir Menelik + Dr. Octagon]
Psychology is not applied biology, nor is biology applied chemistry (What's the issue?)
Psychology is not applied biology, nor is biology applied chemistry (What's the issue?)
Psychology is not applied biology, nor is biology applied chemistry (What's the issue?)
Psychology is not applied biology (What's the issue?) nor is biology applied chemistry

[Verse 4: Dr. Octagon]
Delta 9, approximate time, I'm facin' Venus
The sun is over there and nothin' gets between us
You're the earthling, try to float, it's a mental thing
I got oxygen, eight hours of space time, you must return quick
Please, don't waste time, you could die out here
The moon is a place of fear
With two minutes on the planet you're only bound to panic
We have no extras, bags et cetera
Whenever your obstacles backfires—you inflate in seconds
Nervous like flat tires, one second's left to orbit his last breath
Telecast to Earth a astronaut didn't make it
We move beyond your navigation and level of 32
Switchin' like channel 13
Late at night you see a blank screen
Focus on "The Outer Limits" but you're back on stage
On the line of scrimmage, I'm out here, come and get me
With no equipment call the President
Not even rocks or fossils left
Damaged by, the elements

[Interlude: Dr. Octagon + Sir Menelik]
Is light the source? (Touch my delicate instruments)
Is light the source? (Touch my delicate instruments)
Is light the source? (Touch my delicate instruments)
Is light the source? (Touch, my delicate instruments)