[Intro: Kool Keith & (Kidmiddi)]
Freak out (What's your name, girl?)
Freak out (Where you leaving after the club, girl?)
Freak out (We can do some freaky things)
Freak out (Me and you can exchange names)
Freak out (What you really want, huh?)
Freak out (Appetite with bites, huh?)
Freak out

[Verse 1: Kool Keith]
Make her wet, make her wet
And then she high (and then she high)
She give me that low (she give me that low)
Like a robot (like a robot)
Freaking her out (freaking her out)
Test the broad (test the broad)
She's a star (she's a star)
High-powered (high-powered)
Body's hard (body's hard)
She like to do things (she like to do things)
Get real low-down (get real low-down)
Work your tongue (work your tongue)
You like it well hung (you like it well hung)

[Hook: Kool Keith & (Kidmiddi)]
Freak out (Do you want it from the back?)
Freak out (Pull pu-pull your hair and give a smack?)
Freak out (Huh, take this dick and gat?)
Freak out (Let me hit it from the back)
Freak out (Huh, pull down your drawers)
Freak out (And let you fiddle with my balls)
Freak out (That's how)
Freak out (Yeah, that's how I like it)
(I like it)

[Preverse: Kool Keith & (Kidmiddi)]
Freak out (Do you want it from the back?)
Freak out (Pull pu-pull your hair and give a smack?)
Freak out (Huh, take this dick and gat?)
Make her wet, make her wet

[Verse 2: Kidmiddi]
You really want to be enticed?
I'm gonna give you this dick and you're gonna say good night
Yeah, and my dick will take a different flight
I'm a have you seeing stars, then you're seeing lights
Yeah, and I'm so gruesome
I mean, come on, bring your girlfriend in, it's a threesome
I mean, Goddamn, we want to get it right
So we got to make sure that I put this dick like Kryptonite, right
And I know that my dick's so cocky
Hold up, I don't like no fat bitches, they're too sloppy
I want a bitch that be looking so authentic
Oh my gosh, she look like Chinese and Spanish
And I want it right now, can I get it?
Can I get that pussy up on you?
Shit, what's them digits, all right
And I'm a tell you this is class mouth
Come here, I break it down
Repping Bronx, Boogie Down, yeah
And I'm on it 'cause I'm a pound that ass out
And I'm a make sure when I pound, you're gassed out
Okay, yeah, and now you're screaming
But you feel like you got, uh, double-teaming
Okay, look, open your mouth for some semen
I mean, tell you what you're doing, yeah, you're dreaming
And I know, yeah, I got this appetite for it
Okay, my stamine, I put [?] on it
And yeah, y'all can see I make choices
Hold up, clear your throat, there's more voices

[Hook]