"All you care about is money. This town deserves a better class of criminal...and I'm going to give it to 'em."

Verse 1

Okay now, watch HelioS go
The god could save Ramadan without killing the goat
For the sons of guns who would steal the flow
He leaves them on the rag bleeding semen in bowls
So they’ll be male bitches who be on their flow
Obtaining sex switches to be sack-less hoes
Guitar kicks in as they slurp on their drinks
Till Sol InvictuS comes through, stomping on minks
And as they lay there whimpering, their ears start to bleed
Cause the animals stuck to their skin, they started to weep
Good riddance to bad seeds, their death was divined
Through their laggy ass lines, hacky sacky rhymes
Ran them rhymes ragged, muscling on my glow
Now they try to jog their memory cause I'm running the show
Hol' up, this ain't over: I've still got more to go!
Now if Life's a bitch, she must feel real amused
By these losers who claim to abuse her thinking the line is cool
Now, HelioS will rip shit to remind you tools
That giving into cliches is everything but cool

Chorus

[I see!] Pussies
[I see!]
Pussies
[I see!] Pussies

Verse 2

It took me all day to find this inspiration
To turn niggas inside out and call it innovation
And with that being said, keep that J. Cole in your head
While I load up the lead, cock it to explode on these dregs
With more originality out my ass, I'll make these present rappers past
Dismember half and leave the rest in casts...
And for the rest of those fucktards
This relaxing flow will buck hard
Better duck fast as my rhymes prepare to leave you in the junkyard
Better haul ass as I rip this beat
Disgracing dicks from my silky sheets
From lean rappers who can't stay on beat
To weed rappers who aren't worth my spit
Faded ass naggers, I'll watch you wear your ass out
'Fore I come through with the chariot to MOW YOUR ASS DOWN

Chorus

Verse 3

Call me Phoebus; I shine! Watch my light blind your eyes
Exposing your disguise, watch me stop your rise
It's a new age, a new day... The Reign of the Sun!
They thought I was joking when I said M.L.T was reborn
Oh, and for those eighties babies who say they be bored of rap
Tell them to re-introduce themselves, cause the god is back!

Chorus

"EVERYTHING BURNS! It's not about money...it's about sending a message."