KEITH: These aren't kid gloves, Mr. Valiant

VERSE 1:

KEITH:
Destroying rappers like Judge Doom, kill that, Marvin Ac
Cutting 'em like sword and axe, that dip running through Toontown
These Looney Tunes, companies can't stop that, havoc
That independence, with suspense, like a villain, black trench
Creating a vengeance, soul greater, for the haters, never need
No tactics, Who Framed Roger Rabbit?, throwing lyrics
Out like javelins, spazzin', animated individuals
Rubbing their head, pitiful, saluting A1 generals
Whatever matters, competition, in position, opposition
Contract for contract, I'm all that, just fall back
Characters, no scavengers, they cartoons in art rooms
Artist, I'm a star in this, top notch, just check your watch
Live quick, I stay quick, animation reality, destroy the town they mad at me
Independent, like wheels spinnin'
Water machine, time machine, melt down they head down
In Toontown we come around, we rush out, no doubt!

CHORUS:

I'll put this rabbit in the Dip, when I dip, you dip, we dip
Let's put these toons up in the dip, when you dip, I dip, we dip
I'll put this shoe up in the Dip, when I dip, you dip, we dip
When I'm mobbin', with the weasels, we can dip Toontown into the ground (x2)

VERSE 2:

LARS:
Short bunny but my ears tall (uh!)
Got a lot on my plate dog
Only thug rabbit out here in Toontown
Baby Herman put the knife down
Pop a Weasel for my peoples, like (clap clap)  (ohhh)
Giving haters dirt naps
I got a girl and she always got that carrot cake
It's an interspecies romance (real rabbit ish)
Roger be mobbing all day, with Mickey Mouse making that pay (uh!)
Them cartoons from back in the day, Judge Doom won't be showing his face (uh!)
He probably be after RK, the dip he be letting it spray
I won't believe it! I can't believe it!  I shan't believe it!  No way
'Cause Roger Rabbit don't play, doing doughnuts all day
With Eddie Valiant, we all about it, you best get out of our way
You know I'm putting in work, these fools about to get merked
With that acetone and that turpentine and that benzine going berserk (Roger!)
Rah - Roger Rabbit, Rah, Rah - Roger Rabbit
Box office smash like I'm Rah - Roger Rabbit (yeah)
Three dope shorts like I'm Rah - Roger Rabbit (uh!)
One buck tooth like I'm Rah - Roger Rabbit

CHORUS:

I'll put this rabbit in the Dip, when I dip, you dip, we dip
Let's put these toons up in the dip, when you dip, I dip, we dip
I'll put this shoe up in the Dip, when I dip, you dip, we dip
When I'm mobbin', with the weasels, we can dip Toontown into the ground (x2)

KEITH:
Soon, where Toon Town once stood will be a string of fast food restaurants with Bible verses confusingly printed on cheeseburger wrappers and soda cups... and guitar retailers with wonderful, wonderful overpriced prosumer gear as far as the eye can see.  My God, it'll be beautiful!  Check out this Squier Strat I got for $200, what a bargain!

CHORUS:

I'll put this rabbit in the Dip, when I dip, you dip, we dip
Let's put these toons up in the dip, when you dip, I dip, we dip
I'll put this shoe up in the Dip, when I dip, you dip, we dip
When I'm mobbin', with the weasels, we can dip Toontown into the ground (x2)

OUTRO:

Baron Von Rotten! Baron Von Rotten!
Baron Von Rotten has very bad morals! (x4)

Hold up, wait a minute, let me put some bunny in it! (x4)