The game is free, the game is free
They say I'm the man, bringin' in ucrainium
All ... is fake, flea with ...
Stepping to church with a chocolate cake they call me the ambassador
With a surely coat that drag to the floor
With a chick with an ass that stretch out to Singapore
Diamonds around my ..cap you can't ignore
Original with ... riches, I come in the club with the fantastic 4
Break bread with any head, took up a class to study mad
Anesthezies make him catch the ...
Pocket should be 16 times, 3 times double g's
West than you pack it up, take it up the blue
Give me the clues, I'll spot where I see a shoes
Stamina great, she wanna take me on a boat cruise
The game is free, it's a worldwide
These people get caught on camera, doing cry
They wasting all the newspaper paper, and all the time
Black star market ... a light being, luminary
Black pool yeah, lucifary
I'm a junkie in, all the states
Fucking these whores and I'm asking cake
She so sticky like ... tape
It's a lot of cocaine between love and hate
Frank baking soda, wearing bitches like togas
Watching the game the impostor and ...
I'm greedy, toppers and ...
Billy wings half man half vulture
My night is triple x in gore, the white swallow
Get ... by the ...
I can make you a grave or you can wash up on the shore
No matter how you see it, you cease no more
And it's megaboom
The game is free, it's a worldwide
These people get caught on camera, doing cry
They wasting all the newspaper paper, and all the time
The game is free, but the pussy cost money
Oh yeah, that's what they trying to tell me
So most def I play dumb but no blind
Gave my money so I think the bitch is a dame
You can trick and play if you want to
On my paper like a my face on a wanted poster
We stop a bread ... mash pussies out like I worked the pasta
Gas these hoes like that ss Nazist
I'm in the room, I'm a wall criminal
... on a ss winner, make you believe it's dirty up they knees
Like the praying to Jesus
Yeah I talk ... but it smells like some of breezes
...should he eat dashboards if he wishes
The game is free, the game is free
Queens came me in their bikinis
My tantric flow activates
They ... they piss sugar water, all on my zuckini
My ladies be the coldest, stack like the ...
Heal them sexually, like the ...
It's still fuck the police and the mayor's office
That's the ...logic, mind on my profit
Pistol on my side for the haters trying to count my pockets
Don't make me get my fool on, be easy homie
Before you get moved on, it's mass pollution
And this bitch is gonna get gooned on
I'm on my megaboom shit, and this bitches want the benefits
They gotta pay the fee, if not I don't take them serious
So come with it
Provided by megabone ... and jellyt
The game is free, it's a worldwide
These people get caught on camera, doing cry
They wasting all the newspaper paper, and all the time