[Intro]
"Has he said anything yet?"
"Not really. He was picked up in a state of shock
He was babbling incoherently all the way back in the helicopter."

[Verse 1: Kool Keith]
I'm a rider
Tail-spin vocal desire, I set the fire truck on fire
Quit rap cause I'm tired
I force you to retire, can't spit better than chick on wire
Rhymin' sound like you robbin'
I don't feel what you vibin'
Pick see how you describe me
Don't try to be stars with the skies
Anybody rappin' with a vagina go be with the wife and kids
Satan try to hide pull the top off a man hole
I'll show you where the devil is
I'm a nice guy
I'll get your girl a pair of wigs cause she need that crazy
Glue your lips together, if you give me feedback
Pretty skin like Indiana people but don't eat rats
Your lady got crap in her snatch
Beach balls big as the earth
Ladies in bikinis wanna play catch
The hair off the penis drip like Keith's Sweat
I'm drinkin' pineapple juice, Grey goose and floorin' the Key West
5 G's, your woman brought the breast
I put the money up she over possessed
The studio in Miami right after Versace's house
You make a left

[Skit]
"The press somehow got word of it and there are three or four thousands people out there, waiting for us."

[Verse 2: Mr. Lif]
I span lands with small motions, I toast oceans
I hoist open gates to soundscapes that trigger cards
Drunken masters have the brew that I swiggle up
Black men who run off ram and 12 gigawatts
Nuclear response once the rhyme is launched
Armageddon starts, snack on à la carte body part
If [?] enters tempels, the center trembles
Walls crumble since the artist was not humble
I move from 1823 to 2053 casually
Time creates casualties, actually
Whether the great plague, or your homie Bruce with the fake leg
Karma-kaze bomb but time moves on
By the light blue dawn i see avarice nefarious characters
Reaching for the life after this
But the present won't hold still and give you blue pill
When the Gods descend a witness, dominions of true will

[Skit]
"Yes Lieutenant?"
"Don't you have a healing ray in your office?"
"Oh sure Lieutenant!"
"How did you happen to come to the 21st century?"