[Intro: J. Hind]
Muukaala, Muukala na kar jaana
Muukaala, Muukala na kar jaana
Muqabla ki ye khwahish mein yaara
Muqabla ki ye khwahish mein yaara

[Hook: J. Hind (x2)]
Muqabla mujhe dikhade homie
I don’t see it anywhere
Mujhe kya pata kahan luk chhup kar meri
Muqabla I’m talkin but they know
Yeh manzil meri hai
Raja aaja duniya mein meri

[Verse 1: J.Hind]
Hahahaha! ... Heyo Shaxe O! Let's show em who run this shit!

Hindu that don't give a damn, That's J. Hind
140 on the freeway yeah that's my Benz
Kush by the Kilo? Yeah that's my ends
You will never be me, we can never be friends
On that, menu kisi cheez di nai load
Menu mere haal te chordo
If you truly understood what Bohemia was saying
You'd be popping pistols like us out your four door
We them Cali raja's with no muqabla
Bandook mere hathon mein you have no parathna
One wrong move and there goes your aatma
Ro rahi hai? I'm sorry mama
Your beta died over a gana
There was gunshot smoke mixed with marijuana
The game is real boy this ain't no drama
Meri maidaan mein tu khoo na jaana
No Bollywood stunt karne wala
Cali Boss-life real street hungama
We got, real paisa I make real music
You make gimmicks for the paisa, I don't feel your music
How could you represent yourself as competition to me?
I'm a G, mothafucka! Something you'll never be
Haji Springer on the track with the Hindu Mufasa
Running the game ten years, still ain't no muqabla!

[Hook: J. Hind (x2)]
Muqabla mujhe dikhade homie
I don’t see it anywhere
Mujhe kya pata kahan luk chhup kar meri
Muqabla I’m talkin but they know
Yeh manzil meri hai
Raja aaja duniya mein meri

[Verse 2: Bohemia]
Yeah! Aye yo J dot Hind
Aye lemme talk to these motherfuckers for a second!

Mainu, ajje vi kise cheez di ni lod
10 saal ton main 12 bore
10 saal ton J. Hind mere naal
Naale 10 saal apaan rehna hor
Ajay vi sir taaj meray peya
10 saal toh kise di ni parwah
10 saal toh asi jhuke ni kise de agge
10 saal toh galiyan ‘ch wah wah
Par hun maray vairiyan di balle-balle
Oh samajhdar ho gaye naiyo darde
Pehlan larhde c mere naal kalle-kalle
Hun groups bana k munde larhde
Par main saareyan nu kehna
Hun chhad dao fiqar
Desi Hip-Hop kakh bina kithe sada zikar
Raja jiven dil, J. Hind jiven jigar
Naale duje paase mere nal Haji Springer
Shaxe got the finger on the trigger
Jadon goliyan chalanda mache galiyan ‘ch gadar
Paah paah aapan vairiyan nu karde bas
Ve meri, feel eni zabardast
Mainu 10 saal ho gaye paaye topi
Industry mainu kare copy
10 saal pehlan kalla si
Hun rapper, mainu milay jo vi
Par, daso mainu kehda mai da laal
Ve jehda banay Desi Hip-Hop da thekedar
10 saal pehlan kehnda si tu mera rap ni chalna
Hun jiven tu desi rap da zimmedar
Methon sikh le pen aur qitab lea (pen aur qitab lea)
Meri kala da hisaab la
Desi Hip-Hop meri ijaad tenu kar danga main barbaad
Ve mere naal kadi vi tu kari na muqabala

[Hook: J. Hind (x2)]
Muqabla mujhe dikhade homie
I don’t see it anywhere
Mujhe kya pata kahan luk chhup kar meri
Muqabla I’m talkin but they know
Yeh manzil meri hai
Raja aaja duniya mein meri

[Bridge]
Muukaala, muukala na kar jaana

[Shaxe]
What's good with it Bo?
Muukaala, Muukala na kar jaana

[Verse 3: Shaxe]
Let me remind 'em where it all started
Kali Denali with the frame on drop
Rims ain't spinnin' 'cause we just won't stop
We been runnin', shit is still running
---------------------some other shit
------------------------------
------------------------------Thunderclips
So get in, voilà! Bask in ma ambiance
Competition though, it's not us, be ma confidence
-------------------------your fantasy is my octagon
And act tough, you'll get slapped up like I'm Shah Rukh Khan!
Huh! I'm with the Desi Rap bhagvans
We the Mafio version of jaan jaanay jana jaan
I see no muqabla, you just suckers without aatma
Spoutin' all -----
If you're with the triple gangsters, fall back and lose anything from your neck up!
---------------------
Bohemia, J.Hind and Shaxe O.J. out of Westwood
Springer bring it back, remember we gettin' started
Whenever there will be a battle
It’s a warning you gonna be a target
Anybody can feel the kindness, the pleasure is all ours
Pesa Nasha Pyar, Pardesis in full power!
I'm ridin' round like menu koi nai parvah
J. Hind pop a hole in these bharvas!

[Hook: J. Hind (x2)]
Muqabla mujhe dikhade homie
I don’t see it anywhere
Mujhe kya pata kahan luk chhup kar meri
Muqabla I’m talkin but they know
Yeh manzil meri hai
Raja aaja duniya mein meri

[Outro]
*multiple gunshots*

Muukaala, muukala na kar jaana (x2)
Muqabla ki ye khwahish mein yaara (x2)