[Intro]

The fuck you say now, huh? Hey, huh? Bam bam bam motherfucker I am strapped. You don't fucking talk now, huh?

[Verse 1: Vinnie Paz]

I got the AR-15, let me hit his head
Heard us running up inside the crib and then he shit his bed
I ain’t trying to hear nothing cousin give me bread
The only thing inside the duffel bag shrunken heads
That’s how motherfucking grimy we are
You don’t wanna see how motherfucking violent we are
Yeah, or where the motherfucking silencers are
What the Asiatic motherfucking sciences are
I know you saying that this motherfucker curse a lot
I’m just trying to balance out the fact you rock a purse a lot
I heard you suck dick and walk around in skirts a lot
Listen to Kanye West, recite his verse a lot
Pazienza I don’t rock with that soft shit
We juice crew Hilltop hardcore shit
We got the ? digger uncut raw shit
To put his motherfucking body in the morgue shit

[Verse 2: Blaq Poet]

Murder the murder the more crime, that’s what I’m about
Find these motherfuckers, air em out, I don’t care about
Your innocence, don’t be in my vicinity
Bullets got no name, I aim at my enemies
Empty the clip, pistol-whipping your friends
Reload my shit just to kill em again
My house of pain, ain’t no way outta here
Fuck outta here, catching mad bodies here
I got that new shit you bang
Screwball wilding out with the Pistol Gang
Yeah, ain’t no way of stopping this
Don’t be scared, just prepare for the Apocalypse
Fuck what you gotta say
I’m a predator, y’all motherfuckers is the prey
I can do the shit in my sleep
I was taught to terrorize rappers and torture the beats

[Interlude]

They got Uzis, they got shotguns, they got explosives, they got access to any kind of weapon they want within 24 hours

[Verse 3: Lateb]

This is Smash Mouth, might as well I took the MAC out
Cut your pretty grill now you got something to rap out
Mercenary merciless no stopping if you tap out
Take everything like po’s raiding the stash house
I’mma break your nose with the poetry of rose
Push your blind faith like the fucking rosary you hold
Openly I’m bold cause I’ve broken all the laws
? my soul
Evil’s all I know, ? fiending for control
So each second of each day the demon in him grows
? feed him all day ? never fold
Interrupt him while he’s eating now you bleeding in the fold
Gotta know what trouble is the opposite of rubber grip
Tied to a chair, ? bucket lips
You should stop complaining, the muttering and mumbling
Cause ? cause eternal suffering