[INTRO]

"We came here tonight to get started
To cold act ill, or get retarded"

[VERSE 1]

?     P in there you niggas! I'm soon at your cranium
A   ?   ass to   ?   in. I keep on layin' em'
I got my guns and my roses then I be sprayin' em'
Turn a nigga into a kid and keep ?WAITIN' ON?
Prayin' on you, can't even save you in a    ?
I   ?   you're all body catchin' the full clip
Wrong nigga to fool with, so    ?
?              ?                   ?                            ?  *gunshot*

If it's a murder ? - Drive by ! (Drive by)
The hood is my homie, you can get killed in mi casa. (casa!)
Don't play. Don't play, you fucking with the ? ?
I could tweet out a thousand niggas to clap you
Always gonna be busting over my belly bitch
I'm ?HIGH AND FLYIN'? in jets and I'm a terrorist 
You can't tell me shit, I'd squeeze when the metal spit
- nigga you bleed when the metal spit!

[BRIDGE]


[VERSE 2]

It get no better than this, "Screwball !"
Yeah we at the top of the list
Blaq Poet's      ?           it's about to get realer
What it do ? Wat it is ? Niggas know I play my part (let's go)
Welcome home, the big homie         ?     (Huh!)
We just lit a candle    ?      blast off the pistol
All of my thugs, keep it           ?
There's a problem ? Yeah, you gon' get your issue
We certify (we certify) ,          ?                ?
Salute to all our hats (Salute to all our hats), Yeah we on the    ?
Never hated, never wait it, that's why I fucking made it
Every day I go hard, that's why I celebrate (celebrate !)
No matter what, the God got          ?ELEVATE?
When you in the street, you know you can't hesitate
4?        ?            ?            , we always regulate
We always regulate


[BRIDGE]


[ VERSE 3 ] [ Blaq Poet]

I'm here to shit on your all style, fuck your profile
I'm so   ?   it don't take much for me to go    ?
I'm a real     m?            f?
Desintegrate you motherfuckers in them ?THIGHT JEANS?
It's 2015 ,      ?               ?
?            ?, only true fans get love
I'm whiling on this venimous beat
Real niggas recognise cause they been on the street
?PACK? more drama than watching C.N.N
No need to ask who's making that noise, it's me again
I'm from the deep, where no'in could survive at
No signs of life, that's where I ?DRIVE? at
Murder motherfuckers from the jump
Then look at rest of you punks like "What the fuck you want
Nigga ?"

[BRIDGE]

[OUTRO]

Hey Blaq Poet, whassup boy ?
We       ?        this niggas    ?
Screwball !     Whut?
Free the homie Solo
Rest In Peace K.L
Black         ?                     ?