[Hook: Hannibal Stax]
I don’t rock with you, you don’t rock with me
It is what it is, gon’ be what it’s gon’ be
I don’t rock with you, you don’t rock with me
I stay sucka free

[Verse 1: Blaq Poet]
I don’t rock with you, never stood on the block with you
Never ran from the cops with you
I don’t smoke with you, never got drunk
Laughed or joked with you, don’t make me choke you dude
Only fuck with niggas I see eye to eye with
My madman niggas you know I ride or die with
So stay the fuck up out my circle
My niggas murk you and rock your to sleep and really hurt you
It’s not a game
I’m sucka free, stay the fuck away from me
That’s the way it’s gotta be, it’s two-thousand-one-three
Only fuck with niggas I trust, the rest kick rocks
Fuck outta here, this is where the bullshit stops
We not cut from the same cloth
You’re lame and I’m the real thing: boss
So let’s keep it how it is
I’m a real G from the street and you’re a straight bitch

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Hannibal Stax]
Decapitate the head of a serpent, two brokeback
Haters gon’ hate, even the fool know that
Ain’t no hesitating, detonate when it’s called back
My word resonatin’, jumping Jehosephat
Pull my own weight, why hold it back
Make no mistake, recuperate in no time flat
A sucka’ll sabotage you at the drop of a hat
Paid back on the back-stabbers, I owe ‘em that
During conflict one thing matters, need to know that
The circle: any rock, stones getting threw back
Any shots flown getting flew back
Any spots blown: bitch you getting your wig blew back
Old [?], we ain’t even got to discuss it
Eye for a eye, ride or die, why ask why
Us against them, know they gon’ try something
And we don’t put it on the line for nothing

[Verse 3: Panchi]
Could you imagine a barrel full of crabs, they pulling you down
Feel like you treading water but your ass gon’ drown
That’s how it is when those suckas around, stay free
Keep your grass cut baby, they hard to see
Chameleons, infiltrating your job and your building
Something had to happen to ‘em bad when they were children
Got to stay on point because they ain’t got a smell
When my Spidey sense is tingling is when I can tell
Raised well by old [?]
Sucka free is a hard job but it’s nothing to me
See my niggas get played and take it on the chin
But that’s hard for me to do, I can’t let a sucka win
It’s like bread and meat, I don’t win I don’t eat
So when you see me soldier, I’m low in the street
I accuse my little man of ratting and this was recent
To prove he was decent he shot up a precinct

[Hook]

[Outro: DJ Premier]
“I heard a wise man once say, and I quote, ‘True leaders don’t create followers, they create more leaders.’ True indeed, Lord. Reminds me of my brother, Guru. We miss you. Lyrical. Spiritual. As you ascend above us, travelling [?]. Peace and blessing, beloved.”
“Guru" "Will live forever baby—never die, always living”
“That’s right. Recognize that shit.”
“He’s still here.”