“UGLY” by YZ from the LP “Muad’Dib”
Intro
Yeah baby, it ugly real ugly. I know ya’ll trying to understand how the fuck Ricky Baby got on a song with YZ? Ugly?
Nigga I don’t even understand how this shit happened
Like, this track nigga it’s ugly. We gonna call this Sam Cassell huh, that’s fucked up but it’s ugly. Yeah nigga feel it
Verse 1
Many faces, many attitudes any day could change your mood
The game’s fairground
Any man can come and snatch your food right off your plate
Right in your face
Some of ya’ll heartless ain’t shit you could say
You better move. How much you want to lose?
You ain’t a gorilla. You better be a real smart dude, listen killa
That’s facsimile close but ain’t  for rilla
Give em’ room they take a inch off your chinchilla
And scrape the sugar off, now what’s sweet?
You forgot yours and he got heat and you sweating
Your luck ran out some men ain’t built for betting
Some lose a lot and spend a lifetime regretting
Some lose a little, spend a lifetime hunting
And your shit looks like just what they’re wanting
You coming for yours you better believe
You coming for mine ya’ll niggas gonna bleed
I don’t go that easy
Chorus
Ugly!  You a ugly motherfucker (Repeat 4 times)
Verse 2
Yo, some people think, cause you got it that you owe them something
Yo, was you there when I was in the streets pumping and
Was you there when I was getting crowds crunk and
Ya’ll niggas is air but I got dunks I told you before
Don’t make me go and get my pump
I share it all ya’ll ain’t got to push me. If you do, I’m a cut ya’ll pussies
You think these, just words? Then bring it on? You get offended
We can get it on. Ya’ll better to just sing along
Look money trust me, I’m not to be fucked wit. Shit could get real ugly
Yeah! I’m Ving Rhames, and Wesley Snipes and  Samuel Jackson
Cicely Tyson and Harriet Tubman , Don Cheadle and Miles Davis
And I’m coming for mice and men
I cook your food, I’m burning rice and I’m Aunt Ester sucker
You a ugly motherfucker
Chorus
Outro
Did you not here what he said man? It’s ugly
It’s been a good look man the album was a good look
Starchy Arch, I heard you on there that was a good look
This is ugly man. It’s ugly Florida Evans ugly, good lord man. That was ugly
If you trying to step to us in a incorrect manner listen it’s gone be yeah, ugly
You dig that man?  You stay in your place and we won’t have to
Put you in your place. You got me? Yeah I know, I know, I know, If you knew better
You knew better but right now it’s Ricky Baby and YZ coming from MO City to yo city, and it’s just got ugly.  Yeah, ugly baby it’s ugly, it’s ugly Cozmos this track is ugly. I told you it was ugly you fucking wit your career man. You need to listen to me man. I know what I’m talking bout man, I’m Ricky Baby doll. If I tell you a duck can pull a truck shut the fuck up and hook the duck up