[intro: Philthy Rich]
It's Philthy
This shit be crazy how these niggas smile in your face
Act like they fuck with you, but they really don't
It's Philthy

[Chorus: SYPH & Philthy Rich]
Whoa, too much, nigga too much, nigga too much (think we forgot nigga?)
Whoa whoa whoa whoa, lean by the truckload (I know your secrets pussy)
These niggas yellin' murder, murder, all you smell is gunsmoke (you made me expose you bitch)
I don't know who to trust, no
I came up, I came up, man I came up (Seminary, Funk or Die nigga)
Whoa, whoa, whoa why they prayin' for my downfall? (uh-huh)
Too much money rollin' in, I done lost count (it's Philthy nigga)
I don't know who to trust, no (look, look)

[Verse 1: Philthy Rich]
If Jody Bo was alive bitch (ayy rest in peace)
Know that nigga wouldn't fuck with you (you know he wouldn't)
Told on a couple Richmond niggas (is that right?)
Now the hood don't fuck with you (uh-uh)
In the hood selling cocaine (Seminary)
I was never blinded by the fame (never)
Had the shit before I had a name (it's Philthy ho)
I ain't never offered you his chain (fuck outta here)
You done woke up a sleeping giant (you did)
Asked me to keep your secret quiet (you did)
You ain't never in the hood though (never)
You be passing through or you sneaking by (pussy)
Real FOD ENT (FOD)
We don't gangbang, no ENT (uh-uh)
Seminary and Foothill (Seminary)
Right in front of Als, tryna move a key (thirty-six)
The crazy part, I used to fuck with you (I used to)
You came home on some bitter shit (bitter bitch)
You called my phone when I was in Atlanta
Out your own mouth, you told me that you snitched (I swear to God)
You took the stand, nigga you' a ho (nigga you a ho)
That ain't what Funk Or Die stand for (uh-uh)
Thought I was tryna take years from you
Should've let the whole Acorn know (I should've nigga)
It's Philthy nigga

[Chorus: SYPH & Philthy Rich]
Whoa, too much, nigga too much, nigga too much (this nigga must be on dope)
Whoa whoa whoa whoa, lean by the truckload (fuckin' with the wrong one)
These niggas yellin' murder, murder, all you smell is gunsmoke (huh?)
I don't know who to trust, no (it's Philthy nigga, Funk or Die)
I came up, I came up, man I came up (I did nigga)
Whoa, whoa, whoa why they prayin' for my downfall? (I know you mad pussy)
Too much money rollin' in, I done lost count (hatin' don't do shit nigga)
I don't know who to trust, no (look, look)

[Verse 2: Philthy Rich]
My biggest hater since the first day (he is)
I shake something like an earthquake (I will)
He was in his feelings when he came home (oh I remember)
Then he found out that he fuckin' Mae (broke nigga)
But no disrespect to her though (uh-uh)
Me and her, it's all love though (it's all love)
This pussy nigga keep runnin' his mouth (pussy)
I'ma fill it up with a slug though (it's Philthy)
Stop telling niggas you don't fuck with me (ayy do that)
Tell them niggas why you don't fuck with me (ayy tell 'em why)
Mad Mone and Mae stuck with me (you mad pussy)
'Cause real niggas they fuck with me (salute)
You forfeited all that gangster shit (you did)
When you took the stand, you lesser than a man (pussy)
In the kitchen bustin' down the grams (skrrt skrrt)
Mom's mad I'm fuckin' up her pans (she is)
Who you think you really fuckin' with? (huh?)
My money right, we can go to war (SemCity MoneyMan)
We can't funk while you broke Stacey (uh-uh)
In the streets we can hold court (Funk or Die)
What you gon' say? I'm gettin' extorted?
Ain't from the hood? bitch I heard it all (I done heard it all)
When you came home, want me to put you on (you did)
But snitch niggas ain't meant to ball (uh-uh), this Philthy nigga

[Chorus: SYPH & Philthy Rich]
Whoa, too much, nigga too much, nigga too much (ayy I told that nigga keep my name out his mouth)
Whoa whoa whoa whoa, lean by the truckload (ayy Fab, didn't I tell him? ayy Stone, you remember)
These niggas yellin' murder, murder, all you smell is gunsmoke (but he ain't listen though)
I don't know who to trust, no (fuck him we ball, it's Philthy)
I came up, I came up, man I came up (Funk or Die, we don't do no tellin')
Whoa, whoa, whoa why they prayin' for my downfall? (uh-uh lil Stacey, we don't represent the same thing nigga)
Too much money rollin' in, I done lost count (I come from the struggle bitch, play with me nigga)
I don't know who to trust, no (it's Philthy ho, huh?)