[Explanation 1]
Hey everybody, its Froggy Fresh here
This is what I’m gonna-what I’m bout-doin’ this video right here
This is called Froggy Fresh Freestyle, Triple F
Just made that up right off the top of my head
Cause that’s what freestylin’ is
Anything that pops in your head you just gotta say it right away
There’s no time for thinkin’
There’s no time to…there’s no time to…there’s no time to make the rap sound good
You just gotta say it, whatever you think of
This is, um, Froggy Fresh Freestyle
I think this is number one cause I don’t think I’ve ever done a freestyle before
Cause I’m not very good at it, but I’ve just been practicin’
Just whatever I think of, I’m just going to say it for you guys
I’m gonna drop a beat, I’m going to Froggy Fresh Freestyle
And please don’t…please don’t…please don’t say anything about like “That freestyle sucked” or anything
Because I know that I’m not very good at freestylin’, but I’ve been practicin’ it, okay?
So just wait for it
And don’t make fun of me because I keep on…I just…I’m not very good at freestylin’ yet okay?
But I’m the master at writin’ raps
But I’m not really good at freestylin’ yet, so don’t make fun of me
Just say something like, “That could use a little work” or somethin’
Don’t say, “Wow you suck at freestylin’”
Cause that ain’t no…that ain’t gettin’ nobody nowhere
Drop this beat real quick
(Beat drops)
This my intro

[Intro 1]
Froggy Fresh
We don’t never rest
We don’t never rest
We don’t never rest
Froggy Fresh!

[Verse 1]
I’m sittin here, I’m thinkin'
To myself, man I miss Abe Lincoln
Why did they have to kill him?
Up inside the movie theater, just watchin' a movie
You're gonna run up on Abe?
You’re gonna shoot him in the head? You're gonna shoot him in the face?
But Abe didn’t do nothin' to you
Abe was a good guy, that’s true
I’m sittin' here, thinkin' 'man life is hard'
Life is hard in prison behind bars
I never been to prison, I don’t wanna go
I don’t like it, I don’t like it, no no
I don’t like that people are locked up
But it’s kinda good cause that protects us
From people who would probably kill us
But I’m not afraid to die, but they would still kill us
I don’t wanna be killed, not yet
I got too many dreams, on that you can bet
I got too many dreams to fulfill
My will is of steel, ballin' and ill
I could kill a electric eel
With my bare hands, I could snap it in half, bam!
Won’t even get electrocuted, you know why?
Cause I’m that guy, I’m that guy
Sittin' here in the living room, heard a loud boom
Don’t know what to do, it’s a gun
Put my hands up in the air, thinkin'
How am I gonna get out of here?
Oh my God I remember that I had a gun
Tucked behind my pants, that’s right
Pulled it out, pop pop pop
Bullets flyin' through the air, bullets flyin' through the air
Jump up in the air, you're gonna dodge 'em?
You’re gonna go like this? Ha!
No you’re not cause I’m a really good aimer
I done shot too many guns, flamer...done

[Interlude]
I think a flamer is not a good word that I was supposed to say
I’m not gonna say any more bad words
I’m just gonna try to keep this rap goin’ and no cuss words or anything
I’m gonna start the rap over
(Beat restarts)

[Intro 2]
Froggy Fresh
And we don’t never rest

[Verse 2]
The streets is cold, life is hard
Scarecrows in the front yard
Protect the corn, don’t let 'em get it
The crows wanna eat it, the crows are gonna get it
Scarecrow do your job!
Cause the crows are comin' through and we’re bout to get robbed
They’re about to take all of the corn and the crops
I don’t like crows, I don’t like you a lot
I don’t like the fact that you eat all of our veggies
I don’t like the fact that you’re eatin' all your veggies
When I come out in the front yard you’re gonna run like Reggie
Bush, watch me get pushed, fall into the ground
Get back up ‘cause I always do, yes!

[Explanation 2]
That was just my freestyle rap
I just wanted to do that for you guys
I’m run out of stuff to say
Can’t think of any more freestyles
I'm probably just gonna shut it down, go to sleep right now
But Froggy Fresh, uh, Triple F, Froggy Fresh Freestyle
Maybe I’ll do another one soon
If you guys liked that, if you say, “Yeah, I like this freestyle, I want you to do another one"
Well-What are you doin’ Lola?!
Why are you climb up on the couch you stinker?
Look at you, you like-you-you know I caught you doin' something
What are you doing back there you stinker?
Huh? You’re a stinker Lola
Come here
What you doin' huh? What are you doin' [?]
(kissing sounds)
You a good dog
What you doin’, huh?
You’re a good dog, did you want your tummy scratched?
I gotta stop that video