[Verse 1: Froggy Fresh]
Well look who it is, stupid Zombie Mike
Should I be scared? Should I be running for my life?
Should I call Daryl, or that pansy Rick Grimes?
I already know we gotta beat you three times
Let's get this show on the road, let's go fool
What you want to play? Ping pong, or maybe pool?
Madden '99 or Hangtime?
How about Monopoly? Fine, it's game time, let's go

[Hook: Froggy Fresh]
Crazy zombie in my basement
There's a crazy, crazy zombie in my basement (watch out)
Crazy zombie in my basement
Leave us alone, why won't you get out of my home you stupid zombie

[Verse 2: Froggy Fresh]
When we play Monopoly there ain't nobody stopping me
Zombie Mike looking mad when I drew that get out of jail for free
I'mma save that card for a rainy day
You land on my property you know you better pay (shut up)
I bought Boardwalk, then I bought Park Place
Then Zombie Mike was looking at some dark days
Stacked up them hotels and took that fool to war
Zombie Mike was 'bout to lose, so then he wrecked the board
Then Zombie Mike said that he wanted to play Battleships
I told him "Fine, but you just made a big accident"
I asked him "Are you sure?" but he seemed pretty adamant
So I grabbed it from the attic, then we started battling

[Hook: Froggy Fresh]

[Verse 3: Froggy Fresh]
When I fire missiles I'm a man on a mission
Crushing opposition like I got that X-ray vision (whatever)
I ain't gonna give this stupid zombie no hope
On my first two shots I sunk his patrol boat
What, what. Zombie Mike is butt
Zombie Mike got mad and screamed, "Ok, now that's enough"
You just keep on talking, and it's making me mad
Don't you see you're being mean? How about I tell your dad?
How about you tell my dad? Bro how old are you?
All you ever want to do is cry, whine, and argue
Just trying to stay alive, F5 (hgghhhh)
I can't believe it, you just sunk my battleship

[Hook: Froggy Fresh]

[Verse 4: Froggy Fresh]
Missiles flying through the air like Vince Carter
Left his ships looking something like Pearl Harbor
Zombie Mike was mad as heck, he only had one game left
I asked him what he thought he might like to get his butt whooped in next
Oh my god, you just talk so much crap, you're just a crap talker
Ok bro, chill. What you want to play?
He said rock, paper, scissors, best of three
Zombie Mike thinks he's gonna get the best of me (whatever)
A game of pure chance, no tact
He made the right decision 'cause his games and skills are wack
He threw rock, I threw rock
I could tell that he was nervous, but I knew I had the game on lock
He threw scissors. I threw paper
He got his hopes up, I knew I would crush it later
He threw scissors. I threw rock
This was when I realized I was coming out on top
He threw paper. I threw scissors
I said "Well looks like this game is over mister"

[Hook: Froggy Fresh]