[Intro: Birdman & NBA YoungBoy]
Yeah, yeah
Stunna man (brr)
38 baby, you know?
From the bayou
You know?
Just on some OG original shit
Original hot boy type shit
Project life, you know? (Ayy, baby tell me, would you ride for a nigga?)
I remember seein' a little homie got hit up (Baby tell me, would you die for a nigga?)
Best believe we gon' hit somethin' up (I'ma slide for my niggas)
You know? (On my life, I'ma slide for my niggas)
Started with six, ended with five, and hot boy the one still alive (I'ma ride for my niggas, on my soul, I'ma ride for my niggas)
Shit real out here, boy (I'ma die for my niggas, on my gang, I'ma die for my niggas)
You know? Bunch of young niggas wylin' tryna get money (Ayy, ayy)
'Til we decided we was gon' get money, got money (Ayy, ayy)
Ain't give a fuck about nothin' (Ayy, ayy)
Better you than me, that's how I was taught  (Ayy, ayy)
This on some G shit, blood (Ayy, ayy)

[Chorus: NBA YoungBoy]
Baby tell me, would you ride for a nigga?
Baby tell me, would you ride for a nigga? (Would you ride for a nigga?)
Baby tell me, would you die for a nigga?
Baby tell me, would you die for a nigga? (Would you die for a nigga?)
Baby, come and take a ride with a nigga
Come and see the other side with a nigga (other side with a nigga)
Baby, come and pass time with a nigga
Had to tell 'em I'm a high class nigga (I'm a high class nigga)
Ayy, let me tell you, I ain't never had nothin'
On the way to that money, I be runnin' (I be runnin', I be skrrt)
I could show these niggas how to make somethin'
Every day, all day, we be stuntin' (all day we be stuntin')
Livin' wrong, you ain't never seen nothin'
Promised me you would never say nothin' (you would never say nothin')
Had to tell baby girl I'm a stunna
Have you ever rode through town with a gunna? (Let me tell you 'bout it)

[Verse 1: NBA YoungBoy]
I'm out the north, we youngins thuggin' and poppin'
The only way that we can get it, so you know we ain't stoppin'
You step on scene, all these bitches they be lookin' to jock
We sellin' drugs, the police they keep passin' and watchin'
We get it in to the ten, so they steady keep blockin'
We roadrunnin' on our ten, steady movin' them racks
Yeah, other than that, let me show you how we rockin'
On a brand new yacht with them bottles steady poppin' (steady poppin')
Stunna told you ain't no love in the streets
Lotta water on my neck, so my chain gotta pee
Every rope on my chest cost more than a ki
I keep fuckin' up my kidneys 'cause my stomach full of lean
Yeah, I hit a nigga with that TEC, he try to take somethin' (brrt, brrt)
Blac Youngsta show these niggas how to shake somethin'
Bitch, I'm bringin' out the boat when the flood comin'
Young nigga with a whole lotta fuckin' money (ah)

[Verse 2: Birdman]
Project hallways, you understand me?
Block party
We trappin', but a nigga trappin' and thinkin' we slippin'
But they trappin', but we rappin', they trappin', but they all just slippin' (ya heard?)
Pull up with that bullshit like we wasn't with it (brrt, brrt)
Hit the lil' homie, though
You know? They got hit six, they got you hit three
That lil' homie got hit twice
We roll for thirty days behind that shit (ya heard?)
'Til them pussy niggas went to hidin'
You know?
Suicide with it
Then the money went to comin'
Them big boys pulled up, fuck
See how G shit really get
Snatched up a lot of niggas
You know we was on some fuck them boys (fuck them boys)
On some G shit
Nigga out of line, we gon' cross him (make money shit)
Simple, play the mind game, ya heard?
Like a nigga think it's cool when you heard me (you heard?)
Got 'em slippin'
Streets where it ain't no love, blood
Learned that the hard way
Stunna

[Chorus: NBA YoungBoy]
Baby tell me, would you ride for a nigga?
Baby tell me, would you ride for a nigga? (Would you ride for a nigga?)
Baby tell me, would you die for a nigga?
Baby tell me, would you die for a nigga? (Would you die for a nigga?)
Baby, come and take a ride with a nigga
Come and see the other side with a nigga (other side with a nigga)
Baby, come and pass time with a nigga
Had to tell 'em I'm a high class nigga (I'm a high class nigga)
Ayy, let me tell you, I ain't never had nothin'
On the way to that money, I be runnin' (I be runnin', I be skrrt)
I could show these niggas how to make somethin'
Every day, all day, we be stuntin' (all day we be stuntin')
Livin' wrong, you ain't never seen nothin'
Promised me you would never say nothin' (you would never say nothin')
Had to tell baby girl I'm a stunna
Have you ever rode through town with a gunna? (Let me tell you 'bout it)