[Intro]
Nam Myoho Renge Kyo...

[Hook: Trina (Ludacris)]
YO! I want my ass smacked (Legs wide)
Front back (Side to side)
Pussy wet (Slip-N-Slide)
(Yup, everything gon' be al-right)

[Verse 1: Trina]
Wait bitch, I'mma blow my kisses
Get pissed and throw my dishes
Y'all niggas know just who this is
(Woop-woop!) And the head so vicious
With me, this shit gon' cost, you short, then that's your loss
You know this ass is soft, make a nigga go to breaking off
Tell me that you love me baby and get high and fuck me crazy
Get a towel and wipe me off
You want a bitch with no type of flaws
My girls be shopping hard, these hoes be buying cars
In the club buying bars, nipples hard in designer bras
All my niggas who getting cheese, throwback and the crispy Gs
Moet, Cris on freeze, laugh at a tab cuz this on me
Me and Luda in a Cut Supreme
Doing things just to touch the cream
So many names wanna fuck the Queen
I live a life like it's just a dream, UH!

[Hook: Trina (Ludacris)]
YO! I want my ass smacked (Legs wide)
Front back (Side to side)
Pussy wet (Slip-N-Slide)
(Yup, everything gon' be al-right)

[Verse 2: Ludacris]
Hit it right behind
JUMP! Give me the beat, then I'ma make it bump
Tell me what you wanna hear, damn, yes it can
Trouble with your man, I'ma pop my trunk
You ain't seen no chicks like mine, you ain't seen no flicks like mine
Gonna make you (UGH!) next to the subwoofers in my 6 by 9
Tell me that you like it raw, tell me that my dick is MWAH!
I might make you famous
And buy you watches by Maurice Lacroix
Tell me if it's new or old, tell me if it's hot or cold
Let me know if it's black and bold, say, "Ludacris, 6 million sold"
See I ain't got no time for games, and I ain't got no time for lames
How you loving my Southern slang?
Ooh, eee, walla-walla-bing-bang
So anytime you need me call, winter summer spring or fall
It doesn't matter, come one come all
Either get dropped or drop them drawers

[Hook: Trina (Ludacris)]
YO! I want my ass smacked (Legs wide)
Front back (Side to side)
Pussy wet (Slip-N-Slide)
(Yup, everything gon' be al-right)

[Verse 3: Trina]
Diamond Princess, just mind your business
These rumors are senseless, your whispers are endless
We living ghetto fab, we spending hella cash
This girl is hella bad, your choice is trailer trash
Too much taste for whores, you saw me grace The Source
You watched me work the Vibe, bitches, I works for mine
One time for these divas, two times for these Visas
Third time I come, I'm breezing, the ice just keeps on freezing
Hold up, I'ma keep it going back to back, I'ma keep on blowing
Platinum plaques, keeping it hood, wet sex, keeping it good
Look, girl, you don't know my angle
A hundred thou on a platinum bangle
My niggas will slow your roll, pussy power, we in control

[Hook: Trina (Ludacris)]
YO! I want my ass smacked (Legs wide)
Front back (Side to side)
Pussy wet (Slip-N-Slide)
(Yup, everything gon' be al-right)

[Outro: Trina]
YO! That's right I'm back again
Round two, motherfuckers
That's right, I'm talking greasy
I'm a arrogant lil' motherfucker huh?
That's right, I'm rich, I'm that bitch (That's right)
I'm bout to show y'all how to pimp this shit
I'm fucking niggas in the face
The game is mine, 2003, fuck that
Fuck all y'all haters, fuck all y'all bitches, get a life
You got too much times on your hands
I want y'all bitches to get a job
Up your game, pimp your game up, baby
It's all about me this time fuck that
Fuck a dime, I'ma silver dollar, HOLLA!
Catch me when I come off tour, fuck y'all
I'm out