[Verse 1]
What's the best form of genocide?
Black-on-black crime
Cause I guess it takes up less of they time
What's the best form, best, best form of genocide?
Black-on-black crime
Cause I guess it takes up less time
Now, if you can make the niggas kill the other niggas, go figure
If you can make the niggas kill the other niggas, go figure
Then we'll have more time to make real figures
And we can still keep it lookin' at them like
"Damn, look at those real niggas
With they chains and they cars, but they still niggas"
Cause soon as a nigga gets it
Then another nigga wants to get it
Soon as another nigga has a girl
Then another nigga wants to hit it, admit it
Soon as a nigga has a crib
They want to break into that nigga crib
See where he live, see what he did
And don't wanna do the same shit he did to get that crib
Get it? You know, when niggas is killin' niggas
What's amazin' to me
What don't phase me is when niggas try to call me crazy
Cause they don't phase me
Cause I don't give a fuck what people think
Cause people don't think
See, I don't give a fuck what people think
Cause people just don't think
Now picture this; now if I show up onto this motherfucker
And express myself creatively
They always want to say, "He's crazy, see"
And when they so distressed
What would be the best thing to write?
How 'bout this: "Kanye West wears a dress"?
Yes, now maybe that can take away from the way
I kick them niggas ass on 12/12/12
Maybe that can take away
Nah, nah, nigga, they seen it, these niggas seen it theyself
Well, and my grandfather ninety-seven
He said, "I ain't never seen you get down like that"
He ain't give a fuck about the kilt, this dress
Whatever the fuck they call it
You see, niggas killin' niggas
You can't see through the fog
With all the negativity that they write on a blog
I give a fuck about what somebody think
If that person doesn't think
It's too early in the conversation anyway
You know, they say, "You should be embarrassed
You should be embarrassed, you a nigga
How the fuck you gonna show your clothin' line in Paris?"
You should be embarrassed, you should be
Didn't you read the reviews, the press?
I don't give a fuck, I guess
I don't give a fuck, no, it's not that I don't give a fuck
It's that I give most of the fuck and I'm not givin' up
And it's not that I'm crazy, no, that's a lie
I'm not crazy, I'm just not satisfied
And I would die for what I believe in
When I see that, uh, just a change what y'all receivin'
Do you all receive us? Do y'all believe it? It's too much
Okay, there's someone they can't touch
How 'bout some integrity from your favorite celebrity?
That's me, that's me, niggas killin' niggas
"Why he do that? Why he wear that?
Why he say that? Where he play it?
Oh, my God, nigga, niggas
It's bad enough, it's hard enough
It's hard enough, it's hard enough, it's hard enough
It's hard enough, it's hard enough
But you can never say I didn't give my heart enough
And if we did somethin' good
And we didn't say, "Oh, excuse me. Pardon us"
Then they want to throw niggas back
On, on, on the retarded bus
And when they riot in the streets
They gon' say, "What, what the fuck started us?
And made 'em start it up?"
And look at me like I ain't smart enough
And everybody got a suggestion and a lesson
And a question and a stress
And then they always want to stress a man, uh
And say, "Maybe he's too aggressive", or, uh, well
Maybe the shit you doin' is just not impressive to a nigga
So let me make this clear
It won't be long 'til y'alls get more of what y'all gettin' right here
No, I ain't talkin' 'bout nobody comin' to Atlantic City
Talkin' 'bout, "Oh, it's just a casino show"
Or, "It's just New Years, so we can't do nothin' really creative"
No, I'm talkin' about a motherfucker workin' every day
From four o'clock in this buildin'
Readjustin' all these fuckin' cameras
To make this show better and better
Better every night for y'all
And all they can say, "He got a mask on. He crazy"
But they just tryin' to fuckin' deter you
From what you are seein' in front of you
This is "Jesus Walks", this is "Can't Tell Me Nothing"
I'm not crazy, I'm just not satisfied
So maybe let this time open up your mind
And let you know that you can do anythin' in life
Yeah, baby, you can shine
This right here lets you know you can do anythin' in life
With enough time and focus and focus and time and time
And don't let nobody tell you
Cause ain't nobody fuckin' with my clique
When I look around, they don't do it like my clique
When I look around, they don't do it like my clique
When I look around, they don't do it like my clique, so here
Since they'll probably put this online
Let me make this shit real clear
Michael Jackson died from a lack of information
From motherfuckers bein' around him lyin' to him
Actin' like shit okay, but I'm a find the information
Don't believe nothin' that they say
Don't matter who you look up to
Don't take more than ninety percent of what the fuck they say
Cause they are not you
And that extra ten percent is what makes you you
So you do what the fuck you want to do
And if somebody tell you you can't do it
Be like, "Man, who the fuck are you?"
You only got one life that you know about, you only got
And time is somethin' you can never get back
Most important thing
Don't forget that time is somethin' that you never can get back
So don't forgot that cause the money could go
And you could spend it over and over
And over and over, over, over, oh
And the cars could crash
And now did that tell me, "What do you have?"
And the house can burn down
And whose your real friends when you turn around?
Yeah, that's your clique, clique, clique, clique, clique
Ain't nobody fresher than my motherfuckin' clique
Clique, clique, clique, clique
As I look around, they don't do like my clique
Clique, clique, clique, clique
And all these bad ladies