[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Hey y'all
I came to talk about this girl that had my love
You see, I went away for a while
And she gave my love away
And I really shouldn’t blame her
But now, that pussy is a stranger

[Verse 1: Lloyd & Lil Wayne]
Baby (hah!)
Something's on my mind I gotta say it
Yeah, your pussy done changed
It ain't the same girl and that's a shame (a crying shame baby)
Ooh, ain't being funny (mm-mm)
I know another bee’s been in that honey (dang!)
Ooh baby, that pussy done changed (pussy done changed)
It’s such a shame (pussy done changed) girl and that's a shame (hah!)
Who the hell you been giving my loving to, girl?

[Hook: Lloyd & Lil Wayne]
Oh no, tell me where that pussy gone
Oh no, cause it don’t feel the same no more
I miss that pussy, that pussy, that pussy, that pussy
Oh no (why you do me like that baby?)
Oh no, why is that happening to me?
Oh no, she told me that it was my pussy
I miss that pussy (my pussy) that pussy (that pussy)
That pussy (good pussy) that pussy (that pussy)
Oh no, yeah yeah yeah yeah

[Verse 2: Lloyd & Lil Wayne]
She (uhh)
She used to be a really special lady (my everything)
I guess she’s feeling kinda freaky lately
It’s such a shame cause now the pussy’s changed (mm-mm-mm)
That pussy changed, yeah yeah
She used to squeeze me (hooo!)
Grip me tight enough so she can please me
But now, now, now that pussy changed (pussy done changed)
It’s such a shame (pussy done changed) that pussy changed, naw!

[Hook: Lloyd & Lil Wayne]
Oh no, where did ya pussy go? (Where's it at, baby?)
Oh no, cause girl, I need to know
I miss that pussy, that pussy, that pussy, that pussy (hah!)
Oh no, you see, it was on some old one-of-a-kind type shit baby
Oh no, I’m about to kill this bitch
Oh no, she gave away all my shit
I miss that pussy (good pussy) that pussy (new pussy)
That pussy (I miss that) that pussy (old pussy)
Oh no, yeah yeah yeah yeah

[Verse 3: Andre 3000]
Damn, darlin', do change your oil
I’m your number one fan-belt, they are not important
I don’t use a cordless, microphone avoid 'em
They don’t feel real to me, meaning real woman
Others peeled on me, you the primer
On the lime bean green box when I couldn’t afford a Ford
Clean socks scooting 'cross the floor in your
Grandmama house, hand on your mouth
You yap too much about the Penny-Ante
This mechanic's so uncanny, X-Men, X-Men
Your ex-boyfriend should thank me that I took you off his hands
Know I can't bring another beach to the sand
And know I am well aware that you can bring a man to his knees
And get what you need without saying please but
Can you bring a man to his feet when defeat is on repeat
And they gon' put this man’s Grammy’s on the street?
What? Why so quiet?
Hate that all of our memories happen in a Hyatt?
You were perfect before you went on a diet
You was way thicker, you think I don’t remember
Shit, the magazine got to your head
Now somebody you don’t even know got you in bed
Bet your buddy don't even know you don’t like red
Or was it fuchsia? Fuck it, our future is dead

[Outro: Lloyd & Lil Wayne]
Oh no (I thought a pussy cat had 9 lives man) I need to know
Oh no, yeah yeah yeah yeah (hahahah)
I miss that pussy, that pussy, that pussy, that pussy
Oh no (that pussy) oohhh
Oh no, I'm about to kill this bitch
Oh no, she gave away all my shit
I miss that pussy (my pussy) that pussy (that pussy)
That pussy (that pussy) that pussy (my pussy)
Oh no, yeah yeah yeah yeah
Hahahahah, yeah, I miss ya girl
Fuck that bitch! Hahahahaha