Y'all Ready? Phally Phel, Cyssero, Ne-Yo, jeezy, calm down, easy, easy
[Refrain: Ne-Yo]
Keep tellin' me you got a man, but he can't do what I can
Let me show you what you've been missing (Phally Phel on the track by the way)
He's showing you the minor things
Let me show you the finer things
Let me (I make my appearance) show you what you've been missing
[Kanye:]
Right about this time, raise your glasses
What's my motivation? That ass is
Start a conversation like as if
You really want to know about a day in that shit
Go ahead and tell the dj "play Swiss"
Now I ain't gotta tell these hoes who I is
Bitches hatin' again, that's music to my ears
What you think my fuel was for all of these years?
I'm inspired when people don't like me
You keep me writing, so exciting
Man, the drama is so enticing
I might just bite a motherfucker like Tyson
Just to try the motherfuckers so you chain
Throw some cash, that's cake and icing
I ask her "you blind?" she said "no, just sightseeing"
Maybe that's good, you just ain't found a right thing (yet)
Keep tellin' me you got a man, but he can't do what I can
Let me show you what you've been missing
He's showing you (allright) the minor things (uhuh)
Let (Cyssero) me show you the finer things (let me show you something)
Let (uhuh) me show you what you've been missing (If you knew better, you'd do better. You do better if you choose better)
[Cyssero:]
Let me show you what you've been missing
Guaranteed you'll be hooked like fishes
By the fisher man when he goes fishing
Lips made for kissing, body for caressing
Let me caress ya, let me undress ya
I could be your professor, lemme just test ya
I'll be your ultimate sexer, and yes sir
I'ma sex ya all through the semester
Hey, skip the lecture, I wanna get next to
You boo, boo, let me show you what it's like to ride with a G like me
I'll be where they can't go, see what they can't see
I could show you the finer things
I'm too major to know about the minor things (you dig?)
Obviously, you ain't found the right thing yet
I bet your man can't do it like me, check
Keep tellin' me you got a man
But he can't do what I can
Let me show you what you've been missing
He's showing you the minor things, (uhuh)
Let me show you the finer (uh) things (uhuh)
Let me (uh uhuh) show you (let me show you all) what you've been missing
We can parler, ball out all day
Yeah, I'm just trying to show you what the song say
Louis Vuitton sneaks, Louis Vuitton lay, Louis Vuitton Don and ridin' with Kanye
What did this bra say? "Those heavy stones on your wrist". She keeps askin how much do my arm weight
I replied back "Boo, never mind that. I'm G4 jet. You ever fly that?"
The Paradise Island I was reclined back
In our bed, when we laying, you won't wanna fly back
You wanna try that, hit the mall and buy that?
But you'll miss out if you decide to sidetrack
I can have you by my side, ma, besides that
Hit it from the side, I took the decide to climax
Chain swing side to side and blind cats
Cyssero, Kanye and Ne-Yo, rewind that
Keep tellin' me you got a man, but he can't do what I can
Let me show you what you've been missing
He's showing you the minor things
Let me show you the finer things
Let me show you what you've been missing