[Intro]
We got the remix
It's another hot exclusive from the dominators

[Hook: Connie Mitchell + Dwele]
Flashing lights, lights
Flashing lights, lights
Flashing lights, lights
What do I know?
Flashing lights, lights
Know

[Verse 1: Pusha T]
Pharmaceuticals bought me charm like the jeweler jewels
Squares of ice shed light like the Rubix cube
I get it mixed up, red with the blues
And she all mixed up, admirin' the hues
Four years later, niggas admirin' your shoes
Bape year late, we call you Tokyo buffoons
'Cause stylists admire us, look at how you groom
Keep runnin' to SoHo, them exclusives in my room
Niggas is biters, we let you slide with your writings
We knew that cocaine talk was not like you
But who goes as far as tryin' to dress like him?
One sequin glove can never make you Michael
I moonwalk over tracks and make niggas spiteful
But never hear a word 'cause them niggas know
That my flow so viper and if Pusha go psycho
He'll seance that pen and pull your spirit up out yah, P

[Verse 2: No Malice]
I'm so literary with it, you can tell how I write
The boy such an author, I should smoke a pipe
Rockin' an ascot, the coupe with a glass top
17 inch rims makin' the ass drop
I was in the spot from the first to the fifth
With a mean comeback like The Return of the Sith
Like ridin' a bike, never you forget
Still I got it for cheap, whether you smoke or you sniff
The gift is the curse and vice versa
To remove me off that horse takes more than a merger
Durin' that hiatus I was with the natives
Then back to the States, pass along the savings
Put it in the street, caterin' the cravings
Like the second-comin', got the fans awaitin'
Victory is sweet, even amongst the hatin'
Find me on that beach, island in the Caymans, gone

[Hook: Dwele + Connie Mitchell]
As you recall, you know I love to show off
But you never thought that I would take it this far
What do you know?
Flashing lights, lights
What do you know?
Flashing lights, lights
Know...
Flashing lights, lights
Flashing lights, lights

[Outro: DJ Drama]
What up, you know who it is, it's the one and only Mr. Thanksgiving a.k.a. Mr. Gangsta Grillz himself, DJ Drama. And right now you're locked into Benzy's Get Right Radio. Pay attention!