[Produced by Kanye West & The Neptunes]

[Intro: Kanye West]
Turn my headphones up, louder, uh huh, uh huh

[Sample: James Brown]
What you need, what–what what you need
I got, what you need, what–what what you need (bam)
What you need, what–what what you need
I got, what you need

[Verse 1: Kanye West & Jay-Z]
Hello, hello, hello white America, assassinate my character
Money matrimony, yeah they tryna break the marriage up
Who gon' act phony, or who gone try to embarrass ya?
I'mma need a day off, I think I'll call Ferris up
Bueller had a Muller but I switched it for a Mille
Cause I’m richer, and prior to this shit was moving free base
Had a conference with the DJs (yeah?), Puerto Rico three days
Poli with the PDs now they got our shit on replay
Sorry I’m in pajamas but I just got off the PJ
And last party we had, they shut down Prive
Ain’t that where the Heat play? (Yeah)
Niggas hate ballas these days (Yeah)
Ain’t that like Lebron James?
Ain’t that just like D. Wade? Wait

[Sample: James Brown]
What you need, what–what what you need
I got, what you need, what–what what you need (bam)
What you need, what–what what you need
I got, what you need

[Verse 2: Jay-Z & Kanye West]
Wussup, wussup, wussup, wussup
Wussup muh'fucka where my money at?
You gon make me come down to your house where yo mommy at
Mummywrap the kids, have ‘em cryin’ for they mommy back
Dummy that your daddy is, tell 'em I just want my racks
Racks on racks on racks (racks!)
Maybachs on bachs on bachs on bachs on bachs
Who in that? Oh shit, it’s just blacks on blacks on blacks
Hunnid stack–How you get it? Nigga layin’ raps on tracks
I wish I could give you this feeling, I’m planking on a million
I’m riding through yo hood, you can bank I ain’t got no ceiling
Made a left on Nostrand Ave., we in Bed Stuy
Made a right on 79th, I’m coming down South Shore Drive
I remain Chi-town, Brooklyn ‘til I die

[Outro: James Brown]
Take ‘em on home, take ‘em on home…
I got what you need, what–what you need
Take ‘em on home
What you need, what–what you need
I got, what you need, what–what you need
Take ‘em on home
Tryna hurt my name, huh?