[Verse]
Niggas old as hell, trying to get they rapping on
In the club looking like a fucking chaperone
I'm in the club, posted up, "Guess Who's Back" is on
If not that then the Just Blaze track is on
It's all Roc the world, we all got your girl
Caught your girl, never gave back your girl
Watch the rap unfurl, after Beanie Mack confirm
Kanye best producer-rapper in the world
Now I have beans, I'm going after MCs
Show 'em that this rap game made for me
Made for us, they bite and they plagiar-us
They spit the style for the niggas that made it up
That's like me buying soul beats for my album
Dog, I had to eat, I sold beats from my album
Now I got heat, I hold beats for my album
February 18th, reach for my album
Niggas forcing me to keep the heater
Black strap, white handle, I got Jungle Fever
Black Benz, white truck, and one 2-seater
I'm in the game getting change like a parking meter
And since Takeover
It feel like the whole hood try to get a Jimmy Jones makeover
I got the hood on my shoulder, city on my back
They like "Damn, I heard you charging 50 a track! I mean
You can at least give me a stack
You can't do all that hard work yourself and not give nothing back!"
You know how shit change when your name get to buzzing
This year alone I got two dozen new cousins
Niggas popping out the woodworks, talking about "you owe me"
Mama, I'm famous, niggas hate me that don't know me

[Outro]
Yo, I know you all suprised and shit when you see me on MTV
But keep your eyes glued to...I don't know what channel that is out here
In Chicago that's Channel 7, ABC
You might fuck around see me on Oprah Winfrey or something
Matter of fact, true story, true story
Last week...I got a little cold right now, true story, though
I'm on 40th and like 5th or something
I see an SUV and the window rolled down and shit!
And this black lady from Chicago, she like
"Yo, um, I just bought one of these in black."
You know I just got the G5 or whatever
She like, "I just got one of these in black
How does it drive?"
I'm like, "it drive more like a truck than my last one."
I'm like, "yo, but I'm from Chicago, too. I wanna be on your show!"
She said "yo, well, oh, ok, well, who are you?"
And I told her, "I'm Kanye West, a rapper."