[Intro: DJ Khaled]
DJ Khaled!
Hit-Boy!
I’m so serious!

[Intro Verse: Kanye West & DJ Khaled]
One, two, them boys coming for you
Three, four, better lock your door
Five, six, hide your bitch
(Ayo Yeezy, pop your shit!)

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
They said "thou shall not be ill, thou shall not feel
Thou should not be trill, not be drill, not be real"
Niggas selling packs, niggas flipping pills
They got heroin and cracks, man these niggas hot for real
Every year gon' be our year, every year gon' be my year
These niggas really is out here, these niggas really is out here
The block is at war, post traumatic stress
Ran up outta pills, rob that CVS
Niggas getting bust over In God We Trust
We believe in God, but do God believe in us?
If we believe enough, will we ever get to know him?
That lean got us dozing, we forget that we the chosen

[Pre-Chorus: Kanye West]
I’ve been poppin' shit for too long
But still reppin’ where I came from
I guess it’s how I came up
I wish you would try to play us

[Chorus: Kanye West]
I wish you would nigga, I wish you would nigga
I wish you would nigga, I wish you would nigga
Ay, I guess it’s how I came up
I wish you would try to play us
Maybach Music

[Verse 2: Rick Ross]
Hunh! My money on a another level
In the streets out here I'm hotter than the fucking devil
I wonder how I got a hundred in my fucking bezel
G5, make it rain, I can change the weather
We fly, them niggas lame, where your fucking cheddar?
Aim at your brain, AK be the fucking letters
Fuck niggas fall in alphabetical order
Frank Lucas fur, the cap run more than a quarter
I’m at the fight, ringside, right next to promoters
All my niggas still hustle, consider ‘em roguish
I remember catching buses just bought me a Lotus
All your codes get decoded, know the niggas you quoting
Hunh, my corner will scorch ya, somehow my flow is the coldest
Money, power, respect, the only things truly important
Family first, Khaled we gotta stay focused
God Forgives and I Don’t, pussy niggas on notice

[Chorus: Kanye West]
I wish you would nigga, I wish you would nigga
I wish you would nigga, I wish you would nigga
Ay! I guess it’s how I came up
I wish you would try to play us

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
I wish you would nigga, I wish you would nigga
You see you got a couple cases, still look good nigga
You see these niggas’ll try to play ya, know how ya feel nigga
Eh yup, that’d be the day you wanna kill a nigga
But you gon' chill nigga, just for your kids nigga
Cause now there’s kids doing grown man biz nigga
You just got home nigga, you tryna live nigga
You don’t wanna do another 5 years nigga
The boss is testing yo ass, the feds’ll question yo ass
They be drug testin’ yo ass and then they pray you don’t pass
And then you look in the sky, you got some questions to ask
With no response make you wanna grab the tech and the mac

[Pre-Chorus: Kanye West]
I’ve been poppin shit for too long
But still reppin’ where I came from
I guess it’s how I came up
I wish you would try to play us

[Chorus: Kanye West]
I wish you would nigga, I wish you would nigga
I wish you would nigga, I wish you would nigga
Ay! I guess it’s how I came up
I wish you would try to play us

[Outro: Rick Ross]
ROZAY!