Well the song says no one man should have all that power right?

There’s definitively been times I let
Let power, get the best of me…
And let the world take the rest of me
I look in the mirror and say
“God, is this, is this my destiny?
Is this what I’ve done
After all the years of you blessin’ me?”
Well maybe this is just a moment
A moment of you all testin’ me
To see if I can still act professionally
To keep me at bay
Like the Chesapeake
Guess it’s me
Just a ‘G
From the C.I.,
Honest… And why?

Why would you give me that Power?
Knowing I was just an artist
Knowing exactly where my heart is
And I will only work the hardest
And sometimes, put art, before being the smartest
And sometimes act retarded
Just look at what I started
And they wanted me to be dearly departed
Die, nigga die, and I had no reply
And I still looked her in the eyes
And said that I could touch the sky
And after all the drama
I wonder where I would be if I still
Had my Momma, Common
And everybody I was promising around me
You know how niggas from Chi town be, sometimes we wild

Act like a child
Get fouled
Stay in style
As of now …?
... flows through the veins of a modern day
Pharaoh. In American Apparel
Standing down the barrel of the media
For the man that face never made it in the encyclopedia
His story, His glory
…and they re-write history right in front of us - in front of us
But what happens?
When one of us is on the other side of that T.V. screen?
You know what I’m sayin’. Real niggas you know what I mean
- you know what I mean
- you know what I mean
- you know what I mean

Or at least that’s what I thought
But when they sayin’ “Hey that’s what the real nigga do, right?”
Naw not right, that’s just mean, that’s just me that’s not, right
Now how long did it take me to realize?
And open up my fucking eyes!
That this shit is just a disguise
All the fame!
And the power!
And the hour!
In the showers!
Of the diamonds!
And the jewels!
And the gold!
Everybody say you cold!
Everybody screaming at motha ****ing shows
And you know what?

You wake up in the morning
And in awe you’re a real person
And worse you got the …?...
Got a little bit harder
A little bit more insignificant
You was the terrific ****
Buying expensive ****
Last year worked for Louis or Ford
Too much for me to even record
The only thing I had to do was get my heart out
The greatest blessing in the world is the fact you let me get my art out
The fact that you accepted me and didn’t neglect me
Even when I was a …?...
Even when I went to these meetings straight dolo
I had to go solo. I used to have a group
That group used to wear Adidas and
…?... and then I got stupid and left them niggas
And said I’m better than ya’ll when it was true
Now when I finally got the power man what the **** did I do?

And I’m so sorry to how every one of ya’ll had to fight for my name
Every one of ya’ll a year ago, that all waited for this change
Everyone who said “Kanye is that nigga quit talkin’ names”
And I know! I am the one to blame
And the people that I-I-I, let down
I want to tell you right here - right here, right now
That I’m a new man that understands why people abusing the power

*Crowd erupts drowning out the lyrics*

And make more music for the world to love!
And there’s so many people I could thank there’s my Mom and God and above
So all ya’ll, and everybody throw your hands in the sky!
Everyone touch the sky before the day never dies! dies! dies!

No one man should have all that power!
They say no one man should have all that power!
They say no one man should have all that power!
They say no one man should have all that power!