This is my problem with interviews, you know. What if you did music and someone else could come in and change your words around and then release it to the radio? And you don't even get a chance to listen to it before they dropped it to radio. That's how interviews are. You, you say what you say and then you'll get paraphrased and then they'll do shit like, if you say a joke, most jokes are inappropriate. They's, they're like fucked up things that you say but it's kind of funny the way you word 'em. And if you take away, you know, the setup or the punchline, you just sound absolutely crazy. Which is, they love to do that because I love to joke and I give them too much and then my shit don't be like all dry ass interviews and stuff, like I don't have media training or whatever. And then, so they take that, and I, and I told Gabe, I said look, well I wanna, I wanna do uh, I wanna get approval over the shit, just because I wanted to be as entertaining as possible, I want people to have the information. And you know, like a lot of magazines, they got real uptight, they like, "no you 'on't get approval, you 'on't get approval, you don't get approval." So, you know, when I say the line 'bout The Rolling Stone, I don't have a problem with Rolling Stone. I really appreciate the fact that they did put me on the magazine and I realize that you know I was halfway out of my mind for the past two years and shit. I was, you know, off that drug called fame and shit like that, I was really like, I was like a little crazy, you know what I'm sayin', like I've calmed down and shit and like come back to Earth. So, you know, for the editor of Rolling Stone, I wanted to say that. But I do wanna say that it was pieces of the article that was, information in the article that was incorrect. And you know, if you allowed me to proofread it, the people could've had the proper information. And just to speak to the Dave LaChapelle, 'cause Dave LaChapelle's one of my favorite photographers, modern-day Warhol. I wanna speak to the cover. You know, people say, "Okay well he has a god complex." Fam if someone's in college and they do like a play where they emulate Christ, do they have a god complex? Are they allowed to do that? You know, it's because of my position, it's like I'm not allowed to be creative. So every cover I take has to just be a picture of my face and shit, just... look it's my face! It's me! And sometimes it's like after you see—after I see me so much, I get tired of me and shit... I gotta look at me every day! I wanna do shit that's exciting to me. So the Rolling Stone's cover was exciting to me, that shit went down in history. I did it purely for creative reasons, it was't speaking upon you know, anything disrespectful to Christianity, to anything like that. It was something I did purely creative. Lot of times I do shit and people take more out of it. You know like I said Bush doesn't care about Black people and then people took it and said, "Well you said, "Bush hates Black people."" You know, everybody takes it and makes it what they want it to be. When you know, I just say, I express something. You know, the other day somebody came to me like, "Okay well who you voting on? Barack or Hillary?" And I'm like I'm not really political dawg, I'm not getting into like you know I'm taking sides and this type of thing. He's like, "What do you mean you're not political? You're not..." I was like, fam! I'm emotional! I'm social! I'm like... I'm an artist! Like if you give me the opportunity, I'm like the fan that got too close to the stage and shit. I'm the glitch in the matrix, I'm like the last person to say, yo I really feel... I know I'm supposed to feel like this and know I'm supposed to read this teleprompter or whatever, but I feel like this what I wanna say. That doesn't put me... I'm never going politically incorrect or anything. I don't know about politics like that. I just know about people. I make music for people