[Intro]
I seen you jockin Jay-Z
'Cause he got a Mercedes and you know about his ladies

[Hook]
I seen you jockin' Jay-Z (I'm so dope boy fresh!)

[Verse 1]
Whose house? Hov no doubt
'bout the only rapper still getting money in the drought
I moves out, in the global, I'm a mogul
Fifty thousand feet in the air and I'm still on my mobile
Fuck talking 'bout the recession, the shit's depressing
I rock with Obama but I ain't no politician
And I chill with the thugs and the gangsters too
I ain't a blood but I'm warring with the boys in blue
Crooked officer, crooked officer!
Why you wanna see me in a coffin sir?
Is it against the law the way I'm flossin', sir?
Benzes, Rolls Royces and Porsches, uh!
Haters like, "Hov why you still talkin money shit?"
"'Cause I like money, bitch!"
I like fly shit, you like gossip
I let you do you, why you riding my tip?

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
That bloke from Oasis said I couldn't play guitar
Somebody shoulda told him I'm a fucking rock star
Today is gonna be the day that I'm gonna throw it back to you
I'm living life as a rocker, I'm like Pimp C, patna
Coming down in Mercedes, peeling off on the boppers
Worldwide show, I'm coming down in a chopper
Hundred eighty thou' screamin "Hov!" with the Roc up
It's too easy, I got ladies on shoulders showing me they chi-chis
I met honey at the show last year
And now I'm acting brand new like a world premiere
Yeah, I know life ain't fair
But chill, baby girl, my girl is here
I got models in a mosh pit
Dancing off-beat, but they know the words to my shit!

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
You ain't gotta jock Jay-Z, jock fly shit
You ain't gotta jock me, homie, jock my chick
Jock her Zanotti's, she body you with the fit
No that's not Pilates, her body is just thick
You ain't gotta jock her, nigga, jock my clique
Jock the dopeboys cause we all tossed bricks
Federales jock me while I'm crossing the bridge
Click, click, take a portrait of this
I ain't no pretty boy, I got a gorgeous wrist
Cut handsome checks and my flow's pretty, sick
I'm so ghetto chic, I'm where the hood and high fashion meet
Ooh wee, I'm like the camouflauge Louis
How you niggas want it, the tux or the toolie?!
Haters, I ain't mad at you, if I wasn't me I'd probably jock me too!

[Hook]