Intro: Talib Kweli:

ALRIGHT

In case y'all don't know, he did H to the Izzo, he did Takeover, he did Guess Who's Back, he did my joint, Good to You, he did [?], give it up for my nigga Kanye West, you know what I'm saying?

Now Kanye, y'all also don't know my man got skills, he's a rapper, he's [?] projects, so can my man bust a verse?

What's up Kanye what's up?

Verse 1: Kanye West

Woooooo

Mic check, mic check

Golly, more of that bullshit ice rap
I got to 'pologize to Mos and Kweli (probably)
But is it cool to rap about gold
If I told the world I copped it from Ghana and Mali? (Mali!)
First nigga with a Benz and a backpack
Ice chain, Carti lens, and a knapsack
Always said if I rapped I'd say somethin' significant
But now I'm rappin' 'bout money, hoes, and rims again
And it's still about the Benjamins
Big faced hundreds and whatever other synonyms
Strippers named Cinnamon
More chips than Pentium
What'cha gon' buy next? Whatever new trend it is
I'm tryin' to spend my stacks
And I'm so broke I look back like "Damn, was I on crack?"
I mean two platinum chains, was I on that?
What the hell was wrong with me dog?
Sing along with me y'all

Hook:  Kanye West / Talib Kweli

Talib Kweli:

New York City here! New York City here!

Kanye West:

Its like, guess who's bizzack, back on the track with the blow
Kanye to-the, representing his gold
I guess who's come back, better than I suppose
Heard those beats, shit it's all I know
Guess who's bizzack, [?]
The Roc' is definitely in the building
Back on the track, yeah, yeah, yeah

Verse 2: Talib Kweli

It's time to change up, my lyrics rip ya frame up
Askin' if I'm nice like fuckin' with a chick
Who don't give head - that's a no-brainer
Niggas back bangers you don't even know the names of
I'mma bout to meet my quota, you about to meet ya Saviour
You wack nigga, you about to get shot
Fuck with Talib Kweli, that's how you get got!
Not that I'm wildin' or even promote violence
It's just you're fuckin' up my high, can a nigga smoke in silence?!
Damn, New York City in the house!
Talib Kweli gotta tell you what it's about
Because my man Kanye from the Chi' will say hi
Wave your hands from side to side
Mos Def, Kweli, [?]
[?]
I got my man, he represent the [?] projects
[?]

Verse 3: Mos Def

I say guess who's bizzack, Kweli, Kanye, and Mos
Punk niggas getting way too close
[?] Broadway doing them all day
Niggas [?] but don't take it the wrong way
[?]
Doing Iving Plaza, causing disaster
You bring the time but we bring the prescription
Pick up your ears so you all could listen
[?]

Outro: Kanye West

Killing y'all niggas on this lyrical shit
Mayonnaise colored Benz, I push miracle whips