Yo what you doing here huh?
(Hi I thought I'd drop by so nice to see you)
Nice to see you too okay
(It's been too long)
Yeah you can leave now

[Verse 1]
Kanye that nigga with heavy dough
Roll dro and a chevy low
Told a long time ago you can't fuck every ho
Whether in Jamaica or Cancun, Mexico
Baby don't be scurred, shake that ass like Mystikal
We got physical now she calling and beeping
Call when I'm sleepin, call my girl claimin we creepin
Bitch you nuts, look I only fucked you once
How you gone get the message, I ain't called you in months
Acting like Super Dave with them dumb ass stunts
Talking bout girls I could get her whatever she want (Whatever I want)
I'm like girls like you be wanted for warrants
Stalking of course, alone on the phone disguising your voice
Got your girls asking for Kay on the three way
Talking bout (You can't call a bitch on her BDay?)
Hmm, Tanisha its over with stop playin
Nah nah it's over. (So what you saying?)
Look you gotta bounce. (I don't wanna fuck with you)
(Get your hands off me!) Bitch I ain't touching you
Stop, Chill. Relax. okay
You know what she told me?

[Hook]
I'm never letting go
Never letting go
Never letting go

I'm crazy about you
(No you just crazy)

[Verse 2]
You believe this ho, pop up everywhere I go
Pop up at the show, pop up at the grocery store
Pop up in my kitchen like, "Oh you wash dishes here?"
Pop up in my bathroom, "Oh you take pisses here?"
Listen here we gone need some distance here
(Where I'm gone go?) I don't care, just disappear
You ain't my main bitch not even my main squeeze
Anyway, how the fuck you get a set of keys?
First she used them on my crib, then she used them on my whip
And wrote on the side, "Kanye you ain't shit"
You believe this bitch? Man, did you see this shit!?
Did she just knock my windows out on my Escalade? (Ha yeah nigga!)
That's a twelve fuckin' hundred dollar estimate
She must've took off all yesterday just to hate
Restraining orders ain't stopping her
She the reason caller I.D. so popular
Across the street now with some fuckin binoculars
Screaming at the top of her lungs, "I'm never letting go!"

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Had enough of the stalker shit got to put her in line
Count back from ten when I got to nine I grabbed mine
Before I gotta do what I gotta do after blue she lying
Like "Nigga you put your hands on me for the last time"
Tried to get you over your uncles to come and jump me
Take my cash and punk me
With my ass and trump me
I stump them fuckin chunkies
Just look at yo niece
She beat her own ass and called the police
(Pregnant with his baby yeah he still getting rough with me!)
And to my crib scuff me up and put the cuffs on me
My momma dropped that five hundo and got me out of custody
Girl left a note on my door (Nigga don't ever fuck with me)
And all the time I got to thinkin that I'm the man
Hottest nigga on the block and shit I got a fan
I'm like a swole nigga thought that he could lift the van
Somebody please come and take this bitch up off my hands!
You don't understand, man

[Hook]

Uh oh, uh oh, these hoes, these hoes, all the same, all the same
All want a nigga with a chain
Uh oh, uh oh, these hoes, these hoes, all the same, all the same
Want a nigga whippin that range
Uh oh, uh oh, these hoes, these hoes, all the same, all the same
Want a nigga banging they brains
Uh oh, uh oh, these hoes, these hoes, these hoes, these hoes, these hoes