Yeah, there we go
Pass that man, pass that! Yo!
Yeah kid, take two then pass, man
Yo Grav, you hittin this yo?
Nah, I ain't fuckin with [?]
What's up man? What's up?
Man, yo yo let me tell you:
The reason why he ain't sparkin is because he had a bad trip
Aw yeah, remember that time?
Yo tell 'em about that time we was in your crib sparkin trees kid

Well it was Sunday eve, without a damn thing to do
Sittin thinkin about all of the shit I've been through
Now I'm chillin up at the crib mad shit on my mind
Just got off of work I'm too stressed to write rhymes (bzz)
Surprise visit who is it my bell's buzzin look out the window it's Lumber and Booney "What up cousin?"
(What up Grav? Is you chillin?)
My mind's spillin, matter-of-fact, come up before a brother start illin
Dropped down the keys out the window at a fair pace
They enter the building and start up the staircase
Mad love was given, yo then pounds were exchanged
Yo then Lumber steps back "Ay yo Grav, you look strange..."
I been thinking to hard, black, my brain's all swelled
Yo then Booney's like "Yo, you need to hit up on this here"
Now I know that shit is wrong but it sound right tonight
Pack it tight, spark it on my stove, aight?
Aw, shit! Three seconds it'll make you ill strong
Thus begins the warning of the whole damn song
Yo I should have quit, but a second hit a nigga takes
Yo that was my biggest mistake

One puff was enough, should have quit while I was ahead
Niggas need to chill 'fore they end up dead
One puff was enough, should have quit while I was ahead
Niggas need to chill 'fore they end up dead
One puff
One puff was enough (one)
One puff (one, was enough)
One puff was enough

(Ah) In the beginning it felt like I was winnin this contest of my mind versus the flesh
Can't front, feelin nice so soon was a surprise with the blunt smoke risin to my eyes
Got me actin silly and shit
Takin my mind for trips, got me bustin back flips and splits
My hearin's gettin precise: every sound is heard
Yo Boon, pass the herb so that I can take a third
Hit from the blessin, nigga should have really learned his lesson from the second because now I'm back to stressin
Weed got me actin like a puppet on strings
Fuckin with my mind (got me seein things)
Hey yo it's seemin that the smoke got me dreamin
The pictures on my walls are now images of daemons
My brain's poundin over and over again
Since when was weed a hallucinogen?

One puff was enough
(Y'all fuckers think I'm bullshittin)
(Man, yo, it was wild!)
One puff was enough
(That ain't this though, fucked up!)

I'm tryin to recooperate, gather up my scruples
But unfortunately that philly hit me in quadruple the dosage of a normal blunt
Now my heart's beatin at a faster pace, the blunt must have been laced
Tried to get it out my system through urination
But yo there's only more fucked up hallucinations
Hammer lied when he said it was all good
Cause the colour of my urine is the same colour of blood
Now is it me, or is this shit reality
It seems that the whole world is tryna battle me
I'm starin in the mirror, my condition's getting worse
Panicking just because my reflection's in reverse
Lyin on the bed, tryna rest my head
What's left to say?  I'm fucked up, 'nough said!
Thank God I didn't die
From fuckin with the boo-boo-la

One puff was enough, should have quit while I was ahead
Niggas need to chill 'fore they end up dead
One puff was enough (one puff was enough, dawg)

One puff was enough, should have quit while I was ahead
Niggas need to chill 'fore they end up dead
One puff was enough (Haha, no doubt)

(Man, this nigga was high!)
(You know, it ain't for everybody!)
(Don't give this nigga a puff!)
(Fuck it, fuck it, fuck it, let me hit that shit, let me hit that shit!)
(Ahhh!)