Announced today, Kanye West‘s creative house DONDA enters into partnership with Roc Nation to manage all DONDA Music

The partnership will focus on Mr. West’s international recording brand and worldwide touring ventures

A multi-discipline design and content company, DONDA saw its early beginnings seeded by the 2009 footwear collaboration with fashion house Louis Vuitton. That collaboration spurred demand for Mr. West’s design sensibilities with fashion and apparel brands around the globe, including Nike and Adidas. DONDA continues its influence in the world of apparel: two versions of the Nike AIR YEEZY – each of which has sold out worldwide in just minutes – two celebrated capsule lines with Parisian brand A.P.C. – also instantly sold-out – and the highly-anticipated new line with Adidas, slated to debut this fall

Mr. West officially branded DONDA in 2011 with the groundbreaking packaging and tour design for Watch The Throne. The following year, DONDA conceptualized and introduced an immersive new way to experience cinema: the 7-Screen Surround Vision experience in Cannes, France. The short film Cruel Summer, a visual companion to the G.O.O.D. Music album of the same name, employed the new techniques in both filming and viewing. In 2013, DONDA oversaw the concept and design for Mr. West’s minimalist YEEZUS album packaging and groundbreaking global launch, including a guerilla-marketing campaign, the “New Slaves” projections. DONDA is at the center of concept, design and production of Mr. West’s lauded concert experience, the YEEZUS TOUR. DONDA has designed and produced album packaging, staging, music videos and content for Lil Wayne, 2 Chainz, Big Sean, Pusha T and more

Founded in 2008, Roc Nation is a full-service entertainment company, inclusive of artist, songwriter, producer and engineer management; music publishing; touring & merchandising; film & television; new business ventures; and a music label. It is home to a diverse roster comprised of critically acclaimed recording artists, writers and producers including Rihanna, Shakira, Rita Ora, J. Cole, Timbaland, etc. Roc Nation has a partnership with global management company, Three Six Zero. Over the past several years, Roc Nation has been responsible a state-of-the-art recording and distribution deal with the Universal Music Group for JAY Z, Rihanna, and others; Rihanna’s rise as a huge global touring brand; and the launch of the Roc Nation Sports agency, which in its first year has built a roster of such all-star talent as Robinson Cano, Kevin Durant, Victor Cruz and more