Wise man say, wise man say
Wise man say
Do you think I sacrificed, real life
For all the fame, and flashing lights
Do you think I sacrificed, a real life
For all the fame, and flashing lights
There is no Gucci I can buy
There is no Louis Vuitton to put on
There is no Y.S.L. that they could sell
And take my mind, out of this jail
And my heart, out of this hell
There are no clothes that I could buy
That could turn, back in time
There is no vacation spot I could fly
That could bring back, a piece of real life
Real life, I ask you tonight
What does it feel like, What does it feel like
I ask you tonight, What does it feel like
To live a real life
I just wanna be a real boy
Pinocchio's story goes, to be a real boy
Pinocchio's story goes, to be a real boy
I just wanna be a real boy
The funny thing is
Pinocchio, lied, and that's what kept him from it
I tell the truth, and I keep running
It's like I'm looking out there, tryna find something
I looked on the TV, and I see me, and see nothing
So what does it feel like, to live real life, to be real
Not some facade that no one can really feel
Do you really have the stamina?
For everybody that sees you that say, "Wait a second, where's my camera?"
For everybody that sees you to say, "Can you sign an autograph?"
For everybody that sees you crying, say "you oughta laugh
You oughta laugh!?"
There is no Gucci I can buy
There is no Louis Vuitton to put on
There is no vacation spot I could fly
That could bring back, a piece of real life
Real life, Real life
Real life, Real life

Nigga don't miss, better not miss
Better not miss... Better not miss
Better not miss...(Just pianos)
Better not miss, better not miss, better not miss...
(Just pianos)

[Freestyle:]
Don't miss, don't miss...
The camera's on, you gotta do it like, this...
And move your other leg like, this...
And uh, don't get nobody pissed
AYE NIGGA, AYE NIGGA DON'T MISS!
Everyday's the super bowl...
You better not miss!
Everyday is the playoffs, or the championship, (aye)
NIGGA DON'T MISS!
Because uh
If you miss one step we gon', we gon' treat you like this...
We gon' talk shit about you like this
We gon' beat you up like this
We gon' say that people don't like you
We gon' try to make the whole world hate you...
Don't tell, don't never say what everybody else is thinking...
Nigga, nigga don't miss...
Walk perfectly, in this town...

And I feel down again, when I'm down again...
And I'm down again...

Can you imagine how many times they told me
That I would never work in this town again?
In this town again...
And I felt down again, and I felt down again...
And I felt down again...(Do you get it?)
Can you imagine how many times they told me
I'd never work in this town again
But now, 2 nights at the Hollywood Bowl, sold out!
AYE, Don't let 'em bring you down, don't let 'em bring you down, down...
It's more ways than they way to do it
And I'm here to prove it...
I'm here to prove it, I'm here to prove it...
I'm here to prove it...
Nigga don't miss, nigga don't miss
Walk like this, do it like this
Don't get nobody pissed
Walk like this, or we gon' beat you, (aye, aye, aye, aye...)
And they told me, told me...
For 6 years that ain't nobody love me
And they told me, they told me...
You better not show your face in public boy
They told me
Better stand still Emmett Till, better stand still Emmett Till
They told me, they told me, they told me...
(they told me, they told me, they told me, they told me...)
Like Pinocchio, they must have lied
Cause I feel so much love tonight!
They must have lied, 'cause I feel so much love tonight!
Oh, they must have lied, 'cause I feel so much love tonight!
They must have lied, 'cause I feel so much love tonight!
They must have lied, lied...

[Outro:]