[Intro: Kanye West]
Bang. Let it bang. Yeah, let it bang. Uh uh uh yeah. Hey uh

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
I ain't tryin' to stress my wealth
But sometimes I gotta American Express myself
When the pastor asked me why I'm flashy
Well, sometimes I gotta bless myself
I see you shining, shining like a mirror ball
Why when we're abroad we don't never hear of y'all?
You local retard, I'm the king of the world
So the king of your city by default
Niggas pullin' out cash in wads
My pants kinda tight, only fit, a credit card
But please don't get to spazzin' on 'em
Really Doe got a different type of plastic on him
And all my niggas, is big tippers
Why? A little rain never hurt no strippers
And it ain't like I can't get along with you
But I need you to get along while I get richer
Speakin' of richer you talkin' bout prior
Let's talk about now and the future which I am
All star ah, Super Bowl shuffle
Suicide door ah, big world tour ah
I am the menorah of this new era
And uh, you are?, dawg, whatever
Got to excuse the cockiness
But only an asshole can give you this much shit

[Hook: Really Doe]
Don't make me swipe my card
Nigga quit playin' before I swipe my card
I know you star, stuntin' for these broads
Nigga don't make me swipe my card
Peep the ice game
What the fuck? Are you a retard?
Nigga quit playin' before I swipe my card
Nigga don't make me swipe my card

[Verse 2: Really Doe]
It's no fair he's not
No nigga bring the thunder
Make your account look like social security numbers
I fast yesterday, now you feel my hunger
Why you grillin' the Hummer?
Can it be yours, you wonder
I'm on top and you're so far under
Dodgin piranha's swimmin' with them fish
Chicken, Salmon, yeah my favorite dish
Mess the kitchen up and I don't have to touch a dish
I suggest you disperse, take a guest list
Henny, Remy, bottles of Cris
Miss, do you know who in this bitch?
Handle that, I swung my wrist
Look my name up, find me in the Ritz
That's cause I'm stuntin' with more labels than cars on All Star Weekend
Awe baby we ballin', glasses over here are kinda low
Don't stall

[Hook: Really Doe]
Don't make me swipe my card
Nigga quit playin' before I swipe my card
I know you star, stuntin' for these broads
Nigga don't make me swipe my card
Peep the ice game
What the fuck? Are you a retard?
Nigga quit playin' before I swipe my card
Nigga don't make me swipe my card

[Outro: Really Doe]
Man, just so you niggas don't get it confused
I ain't talkin' about lean cards either
It's got to have one of these logos: American Express, Master, Visa