[Verse 1]
And I'm just tryin' to play it cool
Wonderin' what you gon' do now
It's 11:15 and, baby, I got to hit you up
Are you playin' around? Oh, what now?
Tell me what's that's
12:35 and you sayin' that you ain't been to text
And that you're on your way, well, okay, okay
What I'm sayin', don't say it, don't say it
Now it's 1:15 and, baby, you got to be playin'
Baby, you have got to be playin'
Where are you?
Are you comin' back? Still callin' through
And she say she at the club with her girl
And it's her girl's birthday and she keepin' her there longer
And, uh, you know how that goes
And she want to see me so bad
Oh, so she's leavin' in about fifteen minutes
After this, uh, one favorite Pitbull song plays, goes off
Or some shit like that, now it's like, uh, 2:45
And you know what type of textses niggas send at that time
I texted her and I said, "Are you alive?"
That's when you send that text
And you say, "Hey, are you alive?"
Cause the only reason why you not here
Bitch, you better have died
Bitch, you better have died
Bitch, you better have died
Now it's like 3:30 and you tell me that you're on your way
And a nigga so goddamn horny
You know what I said? "Okay"
I'm just sayin', "Okay"
Who you gon' listen to: Your ego or your dick?
Now the dick wins
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
And I can't understand, holdin' a white wine
BlackBerry in my hand
Lookin' at the time, 7 a.m
I can't believe this bitch sent me through this shit again
Oh, you got me, huh?
Are you gon' give me every chance you get?
You gon' give me every chance you get?
I don't know when you're gonna quit
This why I left your ass in the first place
This why I helped your ass in the first case
And you don't have the nerve to text a nigga
I left the door cracked open
New York City is dangerous, I could have been robbed
New York City is dangerous, I could have been robbed
What you think?
I would take that chance for some pussy moanin'
This the type of pussy you risk your life for
This the type of pussy you need your wife for
This the type of pussy you spend the night over
This the type of pussy you spend the night over
This the type of pussy you spend the night over
And lookin' back, tryin' spend the night over
And I'll admit it
Even though I'm disrespected as a motherfucker
I still, still want to hit it
Got an ass like that cause I paid your ass again
My friends say, "What the fuck is wrong with them?"
Cause ain't no sex like a ex
Ain't no sex like your ex
Ain't no sex like your ex, ain't no sex like
You know, cause you'd be so mad at that motherfucker
And you know they got a new motherfucker
And you know you just want to fuck her
And prove that the next nigga ain't as good as you
And he can't do what you do
So, baby, if you give me one chance to dance
Put the devil in a purple light
If you give me one chance to dance
Put the devil in a purple light
Alright, don't say, don't say
Where she'll stop, I'll never know, don't say
Where did all the lovers go?
Where she'll stop, I'll never know
Where did all the lovers go?
Where she'll stop, I'll never know
Where did all the lovers go?
Where she'll stop, I'll never know
So, hey, so, hey
Don't say you, don't say you will
Hey, don't say you will, you will, you will
Hey, don't say, don't say, don't say you will, you will