[Intro]
Yo, it's Kanye To The
I did this beat in '96 and ah...

[Verse]
Is it the because my beats the nicest
Got me chargin' niggas Dr. Evil prices
Niggas will sell their soul to go platinum and gold
I'm cold cause I got the gold and kept my soul
Drop an album full of soul, sold twelve times gold
That's six plat, man that's a sick plaque
Man don't forget that at the top is where you feel the loneliness
Like grabbin' fake titties, I swear I feel the phoniest
Cause I'm from a city where you never know who your homies is
Cause everybody wants your spot, No I.D. told me this
Oh I seen homies get shiesty on me quick
Woooooo, just imagine if I only spit?
But I do beats too, that's the American dream
Stack to make sure my shorties inherit some things
A couple real estate investments, got niggas sayin'
"There's the Kennedys!" But oh yes it's, the Wests
Brand new Roc-A-Fella most fresh to death is
Definitely Kanye, peace to Sportie LA
That keep my shoe game early like the grave shift
Plus keep my closet cooped up like a slave ship
How you gon' look at me and say I ain't made shit?
Just look at my outfit, I got all the basics
Air Force, check, Rolex, check
Call Gee and Hop, did you get the check?
Roc-a-Fella piece, check, don't forget the neck
Is it the money on deck that keeps on the honeys on the dick?
Now that ain't really rhyme but I ain't really tryin'
Last 9/11 I was poor on the ave till I pluraled my math
Now it's Porsche 911 and I'm floorin' the gas
Got a lot of problems, money's one that I not have
Date ballplayers' wives, that divorce and got half
Shit, I figure they deserve somethin' for all them hours
And that be the realest shit I never wrote
Only book I ever read I could have wrote, 48 Laws Of Power
Me, Gee and Hop, uh huh, the game's ours
Seems like I got more brain off my fake chain than my real one
Cause on the real son
If a girl think you broke, she just wanna fuckin' smoke
If you paid, then she's thinkin' bout her children, feel him?
Prolly not though, unless you got dough, you know what I mean?
You will think the grass greener when you finally get green
I told Regina, you ain't been in a Medina
Yeah, I seen you grabbin' on my balls like Serena
Yeah, y'all the invisible ho, you ain't never seen her
Mhm, she must stay around your grandma's crib
Right next door to where the in-laws live
I brought a man from the fifth floor all in y'all crib

[Outro]
Remember niggas back at school
They didn't have no girl at school
So they be like, "I got a girl, she just stay by my grandma's crib." Hahaha
Yo, Dame, where the fuck you find me? Hahaha