[Intro]
Yo G, they can't stop me from rappin', can they?
Can they, ha?

[Hook]
I spit it through the wire man
It's too much stuff in my heart right now man
I'd gladly risk it all right now
It's a life or death situation man
Y'all don't really understand how I feel right now man
It's your boy Kanye to the
Chi-town what's going on?

[Verse 1]
I drink a Boost for breakfast, and Ensure for dessert
Somebody ordered pancakes, I just sip the sizzurp
That right there could drive a sane man bizzerk
Not to worry Mr. H said the izzles back to wizzerk
How do you console my mom or give her light support
Tellin' her her son's on life support?
And just imagine how my girl feel
On the plane scared as hell, that her guy look like Emitt Till
She was with me before the deal, she been tryin' to be mine
She a delta so she been throwin' that Dynasty sign
No use me trying to be lyin', I been trying to be signed
Trying to be a millionaire, how I use two lifelines
In the same hospital where Biggie Smalls died
The doctor said I had blood clots, but I ain't Jamaican, man
Story on MTV and I ain't trying to make a band
I swear this right here is history in the makin' man
I really apologize how I sound right now man
If it's unclear at all, man
They got my mouth wired shut for like
I don't know the doctor said for like six weeks
You know we had reconstruct
I had reconstructive surgery on my jaw
I looked in the mirror, half my jaw was missing
In the back of my mouth, man I couldn't believe it
I'm still here for y'all right now man
This is what I gotta say, right here dog
Yeah, turn me up yeah
What if somebody from the Chi that was ill got a deal
On the hottest rap label around?
But he wasn't talking 'bout Coke and birds
It was more like spoken word except he's really puttin' it down
And he explained the story about how Blacks came from glory
And what we need to do in the game
Good dude, bad night, right place, wrong time
In the blink of a eye, his whole life changed
If you could feel how my face felt, you would know how Mase felt
Thank God I ain't too cool for the safe belt
I swear to God drive a two on the sue
I got lawyer for the case to keep what's in my safe, safe
My dawgs couldn't tell if I looked like Tom Cruise in Vanilla Sky
It was televised, there's been an accident like Geico
They thought I was burnt up, like Pepsi did Michael
I must gotta Angel, 'cause look how death missed his ass
Unbreakable, what you thought they called me Mr. Glass?
Look back on my life like the ghost of Christmas past
Toys R Us, where I used to spend that Christmas cash
And I still won't grow up, I'm a grown ass kid
Swear I should be locked up for stupid sh** that I did
But I'm a champion, so I turned tragedy to triumph
Make music that's fire, spit my soul through the wire

[Outro Hook]
Y'know what I'm sayin'?
When the doctor told me I had a um
I was goin' to have a plate in my chin
I said, dawg don't you realize
I'll never make it on the plane now?
It's bad enough I got all this jewelry on
She can't be serious man
(For a chance at loving you
I'd take it all the way
Right down through the wire
Even through the fire)
(Through the fire, to the limit
Through the fire, to the limit
Through the fire, to the limit
Through the fire, to the limit)