This the remix
I mean, I ain't really into rims and all that
If I'mma take, five, ten stacks of some D's it's gonna be some different kind of D's
You know what I'm saying? Hm?

Kanye's got stacks, ya'll already know that
Louis that, Gucci this, just got a model chick
(Throw some D's on that bitch!)
Just got a stripper chick
(Throw some D's on that bitch!)
Something feel different
Cute little college chick, lining up a scholarship
Just got a school grant, spent that on some new tits
(Throw some D's on that bitch!)
Ain't that a true bitch?
(Throw some D's on that bitch!)
Let me show you how to do this shit

Get you a cute chick, face got potential
Working with her little hips, waist like a pencil
Know how niggas play you, but you know how 'Ye do
Says she love Beyoncé, let me upgrade you
Spanish chick grab my chain, says "is that Jesus?"
If I'm unfaithful, blame it on the Grey Goose
All my friends says implants is a selfish gift, they all up in
She ain't pregnant but about to have twins
Now, is it real love, I need to ask Cupid
She real smart but her ass stupid
And she gon' finish school and get all type of degrees
But I bet she never had them D's

Kanye's got stacks, y'all already know that
Louis that, Gucci this, just got a model chick
(Throw some D's on that bitch!)
Just got a stripper chick
(Throw some D's on that bitch!)
Man, that's a prerequisite
Cute chick living good, down here in Hollywood
Upcoming actress, but she got a flat chest
(Throw some D's on that bitch!)
That'll give her access
(Throw some D's on that bitch!)
Let me show you what happened

Walking down Melrose, spot where they sell clothes
That chick know she bad, tell by the Chloe bag
She ain't no hoodrat, she ain't gotta prove that
I peep the McCartney's, Stella got her groove back
Hold on, lemme ask you, why you spend your money on that shallow shit?
Why don't you buy some bigger tits? Something that'll last you
I couldn't tell you if Halle's really real
But I'mma let you know soon as I get a chance to feel
I don't need no hands to know Lindsay Lohan
She on the same program as Britney, is you wit' me?
That's why I respect Alicia Keys
She say fuck getting them D's, I'mma just ride out with these