[Produced by Kanye West and No I.D.]

[Intro: Jay-Z]
Blueprint, trois
Yeah, yeah

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
What we talkin' about? Real shit, or we talkin' about rhymes?
You talkin' about millions, or you talkin' about mine?
What we talkin' about? 'Cause I ain't got time
For what people be talkin' about all the time
What we talkin' about? Fiction, or we talkin' about fact?
You talkin' about fiction? Hold up, pardon my back
I'm talkin' about life, and all I hear is
"Oh yeah, he keeps talkin' about crack."
I ain't talkin' about profit, I'm talkin' about pain
I'm talkin' about despair, I'm talkin' about shame
I ain't talkin' about gossip, I ain't talkin' about Game
I ain't talkin' about Jimmy, I ain't talkin' about Dame
I'm talkin' about real shit, them people playin'
What is you talkin' about? I don't know what y'all sayin'
People keep talkin' about "Hov, take it back!"
I'm doin' better than before, why would I do that?
Ain't nothin' cool 'bout carryin' a strap
About worryin' your moms and buryin' your best cat
Talkin' about revenge while carryin' his casket
All teary-eyed, about to take it to a mattress
I'm talkin' about music, I ain't talkin' about rap
You talkin' about who's hot, I ain't talkin' about that
The conversation is changed, let's yap about that
I don't run rap no more, I run the map

[Chorus: Luke Steele & (Jay-Z)]
They talk, we live
We see what they say, they say, they say
(I see what y'all talkin' about, ha ha)
They talk, we did
Who cares what they say, they say, they say?

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
Still they can't focus on them, they be talkin' about me
Talkin' about what I wear, talkin' about where I be
Check out my hair: these ain't curls, these is peas
"Peasey head" still get paid, I'm combin' through G's
Please, we ain't focused on naps
'Cause I don't run rap no more, I run the map
A small part of the reason the President is black
I told him I got him when he hit me on the jack
Talkin' about progress, I ain't lookin' back
You know I run track; try not to get lapped
People keep talkin' about "Hov left 'em flat."
Try to rewrite history, let's talk about facts
Dame made millions, even Jaz made some scraps
He could've made more, but he ain't sign his contract
As far as street guys, we was dealin' crack
That's just how the game goes, I don't owe nobody jack
Grown men want me to sit 'em on my lap
But I don't have a beard and Santa Claus ain't black
I repeat, you can't sit on my lap
I don't have a beard, now get off my sack—scream at me!

[Chorus: Luke Steele & (Jay-Z)]
They talk, we live
We see what they say, they say, they say
They talk, we did
Who cares what they say, they say, they say?
(Blueprint 3)

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
And now that that's that, let's talk about the future
We have just seen the dream as predicted by Martin Luther
Now you could choose to sit in front of your computer
Posin' with guns, shootin' YouTube up
Or you could come with me to the White House, get your suit up!
You stuck on being hardcore, I chuck the deuce up
Peace out Medusa
Welcome to the Blue-ah-Print-ah
Tre-piece, Jay-Z your tutor
Tooter of my own horn, beep beep, moo-ya
Rass clot when rude boy come through with the roof up
So I could see the sky
'Cause everybody talkin' Hov, I think we know why

[Chorus: Luke Steele]
They talk, we live
We see what they say, they say, they say
They talk, we did
Who cares what they say, they say, they say?