[Hook]:
Biggie and Jay two of the greatest
What we tryna figure out is who is the greatest?
Who was Mike Tyson in his prime?
Who was Michael Jackson, Michael Jordan with the rhymes?
I’m talking bout the best of the best
Who the greatest of all time?
I’m talking bout the best of the best
Who the greatest of all time?

[Verse 1]:
First it was Nas, then it was Biggie
Then Big got killed and Jay start running the city
If Big was here how big would Jay be?
You know how many people talk about that daily?
They be like “you know Jigga
He a hustler if Big was here he’d be bigger”
Other niggas be like “Nah kid!
He wouldn’t be that big cause he was second to Big!”
He might still be doing his thing, but not that big
Just Big still would’ve been King
Would he have came at Big like he came at Nas?
Oh what’s the big difference between Biggie and Nas?
See rap is competitive this shit is a sport
And Jay knew there could only be one King of New York
Imagine that: Biggie vs Jay
I mean Brooklyn would have won either way

[Hook]

[Verse 2]:
If Big was here, how big would Jay be?
You know how many people talk about that daily?
I’m cool with Jay, but I never met Big
You think he woulda had that run like Jay did?
Or would Jay have had that run if they ain't kill Big?
The answers to them questions we’ll never know kid
I know they slept on Reasonable Doubt
Reason being at the time they was Biggie’d out
Big and Diddy was running the town
Jay was doing his thing but he was underground
But Big knew Jay was that nigga
Just like Jay knew Big was that nigga
Would Big have got better if he was still alive?
Or would he have fell off like the nigga Nas?
And I’m not tryna shit on Nas
Trust me I know I ain't got shit on Nas!
But first Big took the crown from him
And then Jay took the crown from him
Because when Big died the crown went back to Nas
Jay was like “fuck that that shit supposed to be mine.”
Dropped Takeover then took over
That’s when the Garden started to book Hova
And I’m not tryna shit on Nas
Trust me I know I ain't got shit on Nas!

[Hook]