[Intro - Funkmaster Flex]
Is Brooklyn in here tonight?!?!?!?

[Hook: Notorious B.I.G.]
Where Brooklyn at?

[Verse 1: Fabolous]
We right here, Big
Your boy sitting on top like a hair wig
Bed-Stuy fly, Bushwick sick
East New York walk the Brownsville grill, ill
You see, I got a Fort Greene lean
Clinton Hill chill, Red Hook look, man
Ain't no shook hands in Brooklyn
Son, your life can get took, man
Then threw off bridges
One hard top, two soft bitches
Ride through the borough with two four fifths-es
Phantom open up like two door fridges
I make 'em change the New York digits
From 718 to 187, from 212 to 211
Your boy's back with a new one son, huh!

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
I'm right here Fab, waving the flag, I'm from Nostrand Ave
I came to take the game in my Daddy Kane chain
Niggas gave it up smooth
They ain't want to hear the bang, BANG
I'm back on my bully shit
That Flatbush, Bushwick black hoodie shit
Half a billie in the bank roll
Bank stop anybody, what's your bank, ho?
Big B's on the wheel
Spread love the Brooklyn way, B how's it feel?
I'm on my Robin Thicke shit
Shit ever gets thick, back to robbing niggas quick
Trick, click, ante up
All you niggas Britney, pull your panties up
Whole borough is with me, hold your cannons up
Buck one for Bucktown, Brooklyn, what the fuck?!!

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Uncle Murda]
I'm right here Hov! East New York, Uncle Murda feeling good
I hooked up with Jigga, got my grandma out the hood
Marcy is back -- now look at niggas
Now they can't say Jay ain't sign a Brooklyn nigga
Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at?
Shooting somebody up or getting off the packs
Or going to the club looking for something to dap
Or running up in the crib like, "Where the safe at?"
East New York will shoot you -- they dap your homey
Brownsville will rob ya -- they clap your homey
Bed-Stuy will get you killed for a hundred grams
Get a Coney Island nigga to pull the trigga, man
Ask Flex -- he used to run the Tunnel
Brooklyn had dudes scared to rep they borough
Uncle Murda, I'mma rep to the fullest
Like Shyne, in the club I throw bullets

[Outro: Fabolous]
Ha son!!! It's a like it or not thing, nah mean?
This one is for Brooklyn, I'm in my Bed-Stuy fly, you know
Bushwick sick, I walk that East New York walk, Brownsville grill
Got my Fort Greene lean, ha ha, Clinton Hill chill, Red Hook look
That Flatbush push, nah mean Cypress Hill feel
Crown Heights tight with it, the Williamsburg swerve
Coney Island styling on 'em, Canarsie flossing
Park Slope dope you know, ya dig?