(East New York!)

[Hook]
On the real, everything I spit be real
They like all Murda talk about is kill, kill, kill (Uh)
On the real, everything I spit be real
They like all Murda talk about is kill, kill, kill (187)
On the real, everything I spit be real
They like all Murda talk about is kill, kill, kill (Homicides)


[Verse 1]
I'm on that street shit, ain't nothin' sweet
I'm a G I'll pop you any day of the week (Monday through Sunday!)
Shit, all my life I've been involved in gunplay
Violate me and I'll get you killed on Monday (I will!)
This one nigga didn't understand me kid
So I popped him, I don't care who his family is (Who he related to?)
Shit, now his brother sayin' he gon shoot me
Stupid ass little nigga, I got him killed on Tuesday (Hahahaha!)
Little nigga kept runnin' his mouth
Sayin' he's kill get me with the gun in his house (Where ya gun?)
Shit, now they cousin's sayin' he gon' get me
Yo y'all niggas is dumb
I got him killed on Wednesday (Hahahaha!)
He said he ain't his cousins, he gon' make it hot
He had his gun when I hit him but he ain't bust no shots (He ain't even shoot!)
Shit, now their uncle sayin' he gon' hurt me
Oh y'all get it now, I got him killed on Thursday (Hahahaha!)
Him and they aunt comin' out the grocery store
Closed caskets, I hit em in the face with the fours (Shit..)(Ohhh!)
Friday night, I'm in the studio recordin' (1,2)
Rappin' 'bout this kid I shot Friday mornin' (D'ey don' know!)
Yep, it was like 9:30 am
When I ran up on that kid, caught with the AR, sprayed 'em (Ohhhh)
I'm on that Brooklyn, East New York shit (East New York!)
I ain't shoot nobody Saturday, but my man did (Slim!)
My gun jammed on me but Slim gun didn't
Slim hittin' him while I'm holdin' my gun tryna fix it (Get him Slim!)
The same kid that I shot on Monday
Real talk, I fucked his baby moms on Sunday (Come here bitch!)
I'm on that street shit, ain't nothin' sweet
This the East, same shit might happen next week (Awwww!)

Hook (3x)
On the real, everything I spit be real
They like all Murda talk about is kill, kill, kill (Murda!)
On the real, everything I spit be real
They like all Murda talk about is kill, kill, kill (187!)
On the real, everything I spit be real
They like all Murda talk about is kill, kill, kill (Homicide!)

[Talking]
And that's not all I talk about nigga, you just not listening!
Brooklyn!