[Intro:]
Good lookin' for this one Primo! East New York! Summertime Shootouts!

[Hook]
I ain't talkin bout the weather when I say it's hot (I'm not)
It's the summertime, mad bodies gon drop (Bam!)
Niggas that got beef gon be in the same spot (oww)
Like here them niggas go, somebody's gon get shot (they right there)
Here them niggas go, somebody's gon get shot (right there)
It's the summertime, mad bodies gon drop (Bam!)
That's what I'm talkin bout when I say it's hot (ya heard!)
It's the summertime, mad bodies gon drop (drop, drop)

[Verse]
Any day goes when it's warm (any day!)
Dudes done even shot up my grandmama door
If the dude want beef with me, tell him whatever
When I kill him, tell his kids that they fuckin pop should've known better (daddy dead)
I don't play games, I ain't Nick Cannon
When I wild out (ya heard) dudes gettin headshots from the cannon (Bam!)
Can't roll with me and be no bitch nigga
I eat you fool like I'm blood and you crip nigga (I'm 31)
Can't be around GMG and be a rat
It's like being the only Blood in a crip house screamin out brrrrat
This for them dudes in the can behind the bars
When they listen to my music, they close they eyes and think they in the car (yup!)
They think about that money they was gettin (oww)
Them hoes they was hittin (oww), the bricks they was flippin, they was chillin (DAMN!)
Man, nothin don't last forever, first time I shot at a cop I had a Beretta (PIG!)
It's a 100 degrees and my AC broke
First nigga look at me wrong gon get smoked
My attitude is fuck whoever, he gon get clapped
My grandmom's like, boy I raised you better than that (I know)
I'm like grandma -"it's hot", I ain't with the bullshit (I ain't)
I'm ready to pop, my Mac got a full clip (50 shots)
I'm the kid that fuck up the dice game
If I lose my money niggas gon lose they life mane (aww)

[Hook]

[Outro]
YA HEARD!
Summertime Shootouts, you know how it's goin down in the summertime nigga
Niggas that got beef gon be goin to the same clubs, the same block parties, niggas is fuckin the same bitches
And I feel sorry for the nigga that don't got his hammer on him man
Don't get caught slippin in the summertime nigga
Niggas will make you primetime news nigga, ya heard!!!
Shout out to all my niggas that's in jail
I know it's hotter than a motherfucker in there right now man
Hold your motherfuckin head tho nigga
I'm workin on them appeals, ya heard
Free my nigga Dbo Brown
Brooklyn!!!