[Hot Dog]

A hero ain't nothin' but a sandwich!
That's the deal, here's your steel
No ??? feel 'coz what I kick is real
Like Nikki I'll let off steam and cause humidity
Wack MCs like you talk serenity
I look around the city and sea
Negativity and much poverty
Yet and still your subject matter is poor
Is it because you wanna sell a bit more?
You're soft and mush, yeah, and afraid of hardcore
Nevertheless we're gonna roll like a war
Sound like a horn, check your record store!
Ahhh, money you're muggin' for
Back up dummy, I'm about to make money
It's kinda funny, your girl's ??? from me
Step out the place and get a nine in your face
Like Elvis said, "I'm gonna win this race"
I'm callin' all out, like nuclear fallouts
Stupid MCs like you I'm gonna call out
Dog, with the rhyme with ???
FM ??? yo move the ho's hips
To the tippy tippy top, and you just don't stop
You cannot stop and you will not stop
Coz I, rock, clock, shock
Drop MCs like a ??? from a clock
Automatic and I have no static
Don't kick scams, I'll make up schematics
I do damage! To me, you're less than zero, hero
You ain't nothin' but a sandwich

[Rob Swinga]

Yeah!
The sum of the parts cannot be greater than the whole
So oh, the soul
Well I'm addicted to your ???
Gotta make it hard ???
Well I'm hard by ??? so you probably figure
That I'm not the type to pull the finger on the trigger
Oh no y'all that's not the style of the Swinga
I get myself high on dry ???
??? get your brother on the right mic
Yes I'm real cool when it's hot hot hot
And you try to take your brother out with one shot
Like Daffy Duck, yes you quack quack quack
Your level of sense is just wick-wick-wack
So hey buddy boy I think you better chill because you can't manage
'Coz a hero ain't nothin' but a sandwich

[Chubb Rock]

Yo Rob...
I can rob coz I'm real, any person that I feel
And I feel when my attitude wrapped around a piece of steel
I'm above the law, hardcore, more real raw
Entice stunts to become straight whores
Puma Ross 'coz I rule the jungle
Stuff me out and beware 'coz my son will
Avenge like a Chinese ??? or Pisces
??? large hands
On a large man and I can can
Desecrate, defile monetary, blue collar scams
Silence of the Lambs, yeah
Beware of the shadow lurkin' I'm hurtin', blood squirtin'
Before your ??? starts quirkin', I'm certain
There's no highway to heaven
Unless you're on a corner with a 40 and some dice you just rolled a seven
Yeah, bitch you're just runnin'
Don't use your brain or your head I'll gun runnin'
He grabs the loot, kicks me with the Timberland boot
I react real smooth, makers of the O.E
Chase them down to the airport Sheraton
Beatin' 'em senseless then I get me a merit and
Give me a slap, that was whack, why did you interact?
You whack crackheads are capped *Gunshots*
'Nuff damage, but a hero ain't nothin' but a goddamn sandwich