"No one can do it better"

[Chubb Rock]
You see that black man over there, bring him here
You see the one with the blunt, put him in the front
Cause it's time to prepare, some kind of strategy this year
It's only been about ten million months
That we were lost in the sauce
But of course with the help of the boss
We prevail and now we're on this positive scale
But now it's time to take it one step further
Preferably without any obvious murders
If you don't ?? I don't give a shit
If you do it to a man of our shade
You definitely played, yourself and us
And then the heritage crust will be crushed to puss
Cause of your lust that you must just bust
A man of your own kind, you must be blind
Archie Bunker and Joey's gonna snuff ya from behind
One day - cause we easy prey to get
It's not a threat place a bet recollect the terms met
Many years ago that we're inferior
And inferior people shouldn't know they're really superior
And yo - it's time to listen, tick-tock, tick-tock
Comin from Chubb Rock so check the clock and organize!

[Malcolm X]
Anytime you look at yourself
Be you black, brown, red or yellow
A so-called negro
You are you represent a person
Who poses, such a serious problem for America
Because you're not wanted

	"No one can do it better"

[Chubb Rock]
If the battle of the races was a basketball game, who'd reign?
Look for the blacks we have
Strickland Ewing Magic course Jordan is the don
Isiah Dominique Barkley and Akeem Olujawon
For the whites Bird ?? McHale and Paxon
Shouldn't go any further you know it's gonna get wack son
But if the black players have an ego, and won't let go
The rock no matter how nice they are they're gonna flop
Look chop - in a sold-out capacity crowd
The upsets will be so loud
Yes teamwork, yes y'all teamwork
If a jerk wants to go for self he gets hurt, and now
Dinkins is the man, so Magic form the plan
Yo Strickland run the point, Jordan is the guard and
Organize!

[Malcolm X]
So we are all black people, so-called negroes
Second-class citizens; ex-slaves
You are nothin but a ex-slave
You don't like to be told that - but what else are you?
You are ex-slaves you didn't come here on the Mayflower!

[Chubb Rock]
I shall not have no other one but this one
That is description now here's the full picture
Frame it, aim it, name it proclaim it
To be a Chubb Rock original.. ain't it, funny
That four years ago I wasn't making an inkling of money
Had to put four chicken wings on layaway
And had to come back the next day for the fried rice
The price you could let me chill with a quarter
But I oughta just order, a lettuce sandwich
With a large water, drink it down
Until I can make up a Chubb Rock sound
That will end all this, then I take the risk
And if I fail I won't do a fishtail, in the abyss
That's a diss, I'm strivin not Drivin, Miss Daisy
And Patrick Swayze don't amaze me or faze me
Me look up to these stupid clowns - you're crazy!
My mama raised me on Mama Mabley
Dorothy Dandridge crossed an ill bridge
The media got involved into her shit
Gashed her grill and boggled up her wit
Took her name like a crook
And how long shall they kill our prophets
While we stand aside and look?
Here's the hook - open your eyes
And organize

[Malcolm X]
And we unite - on the basis of what we have in common
And what we have foremost in common is that enemy;
The white man; he's an enemy to all of us
I know some of you all think that some of them AREN'T enemies!