[The Jacka]
We mafia, got the streets crazy, this that mob shit clap every nigga hatin'
Seal them birdies up, send em' off on vacation
Niggas know what up fuck wit us cuz' we cakin' up
Never would I though that I ever would of made it but make hella paper all I ever do is save it up
Remember when then raided us? Hit the back gate heard you yell so I waited up
Bust a couple shots out my thang then I caught a bus rode the shit called my niggs up they was in the West
P world we was livin' in, that was fun I was on the run from the Man they caught me up I beat the case, cuz' the rat was dead
I got the last laugh but they was laughin then sometimes I blast past memory lane
I was a kid went I entered the game.. and it's dope cuz' everybody still remember my name

[Fam (Chorus)]
It's just the way that it is.. This game can be so cold...
So if you want to make it out here.. You got to have colder blood..
They wanna take the fool for my kids.. and to me that's just so cold..
So if I'm gonna make it out here.. I gotta have colder blood..

[J Stalin]
Peruvian flake told em' I'd give my life for it, I gotta see a million dollars 'fo the feds destroy it
As the would turns, and the purp burns.. niggas is broke cuz' broke niggas never learn
I learned how to earn, and wait my turn see a nigga now I got money to burn
Threw a stack to the lawyer now the hearing's adjourned, not (not) guilty y'all got to feel me
Pray for me if a niggas tryna steal me, I get that real D from the Migos
Where if you don't pay back they shootin' through yo peep hole long as you don't get caught homicide is legal
I'm tryna change, cuz the game drained me like a needle
Stay wit a weapon so niggas know I'm lethal gotta get my money broke niggas never equal
My last bitch blew up on a nigga like C-4

[Fam (Chorus)]
It's just the way that it is.. This game can be so cold...
So if you want to make it out here.. You got to have colder blood..
They wanna take the fool for my kids.. and to me that's just so cold..
So if I'm gonna make it out here.. I gotta have colder blood..

[Berner]
I wake up.. and pick a fit out I can't wait til' my big Cuz might get out the pen
I was young I was killin' em' then, before I had kicks I was gettin' it in
I had 8 balls for $120 now I'm grown I don't break shit down I let em' go as a whole
And I'm stuck in this fast life keep weight like a fiend keeps his glass pipe
That's right.. All my hoes act right long day cuz I did it big last night smokin' while I bag white
Pullin' up in somethin' mean, Green Team yeah we started with the triple beam
No cut in my coke, nah I keep it clean and I love the drought
Yeah I need the streets, tell my people time to eat
And watch how I double-up.. This the life of a full time hustler