[Intro: Roger Troutman]
California love!

[Hook: Roger Troutman]
California, knows how to party
California, knows how to party
In the city of L.A
In the city of good ol' Watts
In the city, the city of Compton
We keep it rocking! We keep it rocking!

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
Now let me welcome everybody to the wild, wild west
A state that's untouchable like Elliot Ness
The track hits ya eardrum like a slug to ya chest
Pack a vest for your Jimmy in the city of sex
We in that sunshine state where the bomb ass hemp be
The state where ya never find a dance floor empty
And pimps be on a mission for them greens
Lean mean money-making-machines serving fiends
I been in the game for ten years making rap tunes
Ever since honeys was wearing Sassoon
Now it's '95 and they clock me and watch me
Diamonds shining looking like I robbed Liberace
It's all good, from Diego to the Bay
Your city is the bomb if your city making pay
Throw up a finger if ya feel the same way
Dre putting it down for Californ-I-A

[Hook: Roger Troutman]
California, knows how to party
California (West Coast), knows how to party (yes, they do!)
In the city of L.A. (city of L.A)
In the city of good ol' Watts (good ol' Watts)
In the city, the city of Compton (city of Compton)
We keep it rocking (keep it rocking) We keep it rocking!

[Interlude: Roger Troutman]
Shake it shake it baby, shake, shake it shake it baby
Shake it shake it mama, shake it Cali
Shake, shake it baby
Shake, shake it shake, shake it, shake it Cali

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Out on bail fresh outta jail, California dreaming
Soon as I stepped on the scene, I'm hearing hoochies screaming
Fiending for money and alcohol
The life of a westside playa where cowards die and the strong ball
Only in Cali where we riot not rally to live and die
In L.A. we wearing Chucks not Ballies (that's right)
Dressed in Locs and khaki suits and ride is what we do
Flossing but have caution we collide with other crews
Famous cause we program
Worldwide et 'em recognize from Long Beach to Rosecrans
Bumping and grinding like a slow jam, it's west side
So you know the row won't bow down to no man
Say what you say, but give me that bomb beat from Dre
Let me serenade the streets of L.A
From Oakland to Sacktown, the Bay Area and back down
Cali is where they put they mack down, give me love!

[Hook: Roger Troutman]
California, knows how to party
California, knows how to party (c'mon baby)
In the city of L.A. (L.A.)
In the city of good ol' Watts (That's right)
In the city, the city of Compton
We keep it rocking (keep it rocking) We keep it rocking! Now make it shake

[Interlude: Roger Troutman]
Shake it shake it baby, shake, shake it shake it baby
Shake it shake it mama, shake it Cali
Shake, shake it baby
Shake, shake it shake, shake it mama, shake it Cali

[Outro: Dr. Dre & 2Pac]
Uh, yeah, uh, long beach in the house, uh yeah
Oaktown, Oakland definitely in the house
Frisco, Frisco
Hey, you know LA is up in this
Pasadena, where you at
Yeah, Inglewood, Inglewood always up to no good
Even Hollywood trying to get a piece baby
Sacramento, Sacramento where ya at? yeah
Throw it up y'all, throw it up, throw it up! I can't see ya
California love
Let's show these fools how we do it on this on that west side
'Cause you and I know it's the best side
Yea that's right, west coast we coast
Uh California love, California love

[Outro: Roger Troutman]
California, knows how to party
California, knows how to party (where they at uh)
In the city of L.A. (South Central)
In the city of good ol' Watts (Yeah, yeah)
In the city, the city of Compton (In the city of Compton)
We keep 'em rocking, we keep 'em rocking!
Just c'mon just shake it baby baby baby shake it mama shake it mama sha' Cali'
Richter scale talking about a earthquake on the richter scale-la'
City of Compton, city of Compton where the girls shake their booty's
Shake it mama, shake it baby, shake shake it baby, shake shake it
Computer-puter-puter-puter-puter-puter-puter, Joe