[Intro: Snoop Dogg + Cop]
Hit this motherfucker, G
No, naw, man, I can't fuck with that
Aw, man, I been dealin' with you for three motherfuckin' months, you ain't hit the pipe in front of me yet!
So, what you sayin'?
I think you 5-0!
5-0? Man, I ain't no motherfuckin' cop!
Well, hit this motherfucker then
(Lights pipe)

[Sample]
"I can feel it!"

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre + (Snoop Doggy Dogg)]
Tonight's the night I get in some shit (Yeahhh)
Deep Cover on the incognito tip
Killin' motherfuckers if I have to, peelin' caps too
'Cause you niggas know I'm comin' at you
I guess that's part of the game
But I feel for the nigga who think he just gonna come and change thangs, with the swiftness
So get it right with the quickness
And let me handle my business, yo
I'm on a mission, and my mission won't stop
Until I get the nigga maxin' at the top
(I hope you get his ass 'fore he drop)
Kingpin kickin' back while his workers slang his rocks
Comin' up like a fat rat
Big money, big cars, big bodyguards on his back
So it's difficult to get him
(But I got the hook up with somebody
Who knows how to get in contact with him)
Hit him like this and like that
Let him know that I'm lookin' for a big fat dope sack
With ends to spend, so let's rush it
If you want to handle it tonight, we'll discuss it
On a nigga's time, and a nigga's place
Take my strap just in case one of his boys recognize my face
'Cause he's a sheisty motherfucker
But I gives a fuck, 'cause I'm goin' Deep Cover

[Hook: Dr. Dre + Snoop Dogg]
Yeah, and you don't stop
'Cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
Yeah, and you don't stop
'Cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop

[Verse 2: Snoop Dogg + (Dr. Dre)]
Creep with me as I crawl through the hood
Maniac, lunatic, call him Snoop Eastwood
Kickin' dust as I bust, fuck peace
And the motherfuckin' punk police
You already know I gives a fuck about a cop
So why in the fuck would you think that it would stop?
Plot, yeah, that's what we's about to do
Take yo' ass on a mission with the boys in blue
Dre! (What up, Snoop?) Yo, I got the feelin'
Tonight's the night, like Betty Wright, and I'm chillin'
Killin', feelin' no remorse
Yeah, so let's go straight to the motherfuckin' source
And see what we can find
Crooked-ass cops that be gettin' niggas a gang of time
And now they wanna make a deal with me
Scoop me up and put me on they team and chill with me
And make my pockets bigger
They want to meet with me tonight
At seven o'clock (So, what's up, nigga?)
What you wanna do? (What you wanna do?)
I got the gauge, a Uzi, and my motherfuckin' twenty-two
So, if you wanna blast, nigga, we can buck 'em
If we stick 'em, then we struck 'em, so fuck 'em!
("I can feel it!")

[Hook: Dr. Dre + Snoop Dogg]
Yeah, and you don't stop
'Cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
Yeah, and you don't stop
'Cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg + (Dr. Dre)]
Six-fo'-five was the time on the clock
When me and my homie belled in the parkin' lot
The scene looked strange and it felt like a setup
(Better not be, 'cause if it is, they gettin' lit up!)
Oh, here they come from the back in they 'llacs
I'm checkin' for the gats they strap, so what's up, black?
(Chill, let's hear the deal
If it ain't up to what you feel, then grab your steel)
Right, so, what you motherfuckers gonna come at me with?
Hope you ain't wantin' none of my grip
'Cause you can save that shit (Guess what they told me?)
"We give you 20 G's if you snitch on your homie
We'll put you in a home, and make your life plush
Oh yeah, but you got to sell dope for us."
Hmmm, let me think about it
Turned my back and grabbed my gat
And guess what I told him before I shot it
If you don't quit, yeah, if you don't stop, yeah
I'm lettin' my gat pop, 'cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop!

[Hook: Dr. Dre + Snoop Dogg]
Yeah, and you don't stop
'Cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
Yeah, and you don't stop
'Cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
Yeah, and you don't stop
'Cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
Yeah, and you don't stop
'Cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
Yeah, and you don't stop
'Cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop