(Intro)
A male speaks: Shit, I'm tired as fuck. C'mon, baby, let's get the fuck home
A female speaks:
...let's hurry up I hate this neighborhood


M.: Nigga' trippin' over here and shit..
Dre: Ey! Ey nigga!
M.: Oh, shit!
F.: Just keep walkin' don't turn around
Dre: Ey homeboy! 'Sup muthafucka?
M.: Here we go again..
Dre: You' wayin' your muthafuckin bitch, wussup?
M.: Ey nigga why you' fuckin' with me?
Dre: Fuck you nigga! Cuz I can!

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre & Ice Cube]
Journey with me into the mind of a maniac
Doomed to be a killer since I came out the nut sack
I'm in a murderous mind state with a heart full of terror
I see the devil in the mirror
Buck-buck, lights out
Cause when I grab my sawed off, niggas get hauled off
(Barrel one) tears your mothafuckin' flesh
(Barrel two) tears your fuckin' heart out your chest
You see I'm quick to let the hammer go click
On my Tec-9 so if you try to wreck mine
Fool it's your bedtime
Feel the blast of the chocolate bomber
Infrared aimed at your head like your name was Sarah Connor
Decapitation, I ain't hesitating to put you in the funeral home
With a bullet in your dome
I'm hot like lava
You got a problem?
I got a problem solver and his name is Revolver
It's like a deadly game of freeze tag
I touch you with a .44 mag and you're frozen inside a body bag
Nobody iller, than this grave yard filler
Cap peeler, cause I'm a natural born killa

[Verse 2: Ice Cube & Dr. Dre]
Terror illustrates my era
Now I can't hang around my momma cause I scare her
I'm quick to blast motherfucker (yeah what's up)
It feels like I'm busting a nut when I open you up
Cause your body is exposed to the midnight mist
All weak motherfuckers give my ring a kiss
Cause I'm givin' dirt naps
Comin' with them bomb-ass raps to make your lungs collapse, perhaps
You never sleep cause every time you doze
You catch blows to the motherfuckin' nose
Ain't seen the sun, in 66 days
Let me count the ways in a fucked up maze
I never ever ever made a ho stay
But I'm down with Dre like AC is down with OJ
So fuck how you're livin'
I'm the unforgiving, psycho-driven murderer
It's authentic, don't panic
I can't stand it, goddamn it, schizophrenic
So fuck Charlie Manson
I'll snatch him out of his truck
Hit em with a brick and I'm dancin'

[RBX]
Mass murderer, Natural Born Killa
And I don't wanna die
I DON'T WANNA DIE
I DON'T WANNA
I DON'T WANNA DIE

[Verse 3: Ice Cube]
I don't understand the logic in my dreams
But I understand I like the sound of sirens
Terrified screams from the streams of Strychnine
Dumpin' on any mothafucker trying to trick mine
Cause punk mothafuckers wanna violate
Now they stiff and cold and they pupils won't dilate
It's so much pain, migraine headache
I can hear his bones break
He steps in the single door
Get his ass whipped with 20 lashes like that dude up in Singapore
So I'ma pull a fuckin' Jeffrey Dahmer
Now I'm suicidal, just like Nirvana

[Verse 4: Dr. Dre]
Tic Toc, Toc Tic Toc Tic
Dr. Dre and Ice Cube on some murderous shit
Keeping niggas in order, making their lives shorter
Ready to slaughter
Cause to me a life ain't worth a quarter or a dime
Mushrooms got my mind
Hallucinating
Ain't no debating
I'm creating an escape route to be out without a doubt
Scot-free, so don't even think about trying to stop me
Cause I can't wait, I'm out the gate
On the for realla, a thrilla or a natural born killa

[Verse 5: Ice Cube]
Giuchie Giuchie Ya Ya, they call me Dada
6 million ways to murder, choose one
Lose one soul, bodies turn cold
Natural fright from niggas going bump in the night...

[Hook: Ice Cube & Dr. Dre]
Should I peel him (yeah)
Should I peel her
Am I iller (hell yeah)
Than a Natural Born Killa
Should I peel him (yeah)
Should I peel her
Am I iller (hell yeah)
Than a Natural Born Killa
Should I peel him (yeah)
Should I peel her
Am I iller (hell yeah)
Than a Natural Born Killa
Should I peel him (yeah)
Should I peel her
Am I iller (hell yeah)
Than a Natural Born Killa