[Dr. Dre]
Tha motherfuckin' Dogg Pound
Is definitely in the motherfuckin' house
You know what I'm sayin'?
Yo Kurupt, run that shit

[Kurupt]
Niggas I grew up with, niggas I jacked with
Some niggas I'm cool with and some niggas I scrapped with
Gets crazy when the light gets dark
Put my schwin on the porch, now I'm headed for the park
(Little does he know there's a crew of niggas waitin'
To put him on they hood, and they been anticipatin')
Fix my khakis as I step and I parks my ride
(Ey yo, what up Kurupt?) Westside, nigga (Right)
Peepin' out the spot and that's just on GP
Just in case some motherfuckers wanna try and see me
No sooner than I say what I'm thinkin' what I thought of
Two niggas run up on me and they tellin' me to follow
And now they askin' me what hood I'm from
Well since yo' hood is my hood, then my hood is yo' hood
The rat pack is on, as I falls to the floor
I can't run so I guess I gotta throw 'em
I'm scrappin' with these niggas 'til my mouth got bloody
And after it's over we got some drink and we got budded
Since I'm only 13 this must be my intro
I really don't know but that's just how that shit flow
Rat-tat-tat-tat, fuckin' droppin' on that ass
B.G. is born, so grab your gats and blast
It's like I'm free but yet and still I feel I'm stuck
Cause the hood that I'm from niggas don't give a fuck

[Hook: Snoop Dogg]
Run for your gun motherfucker and duck
If you slip you'll get plucked cause (niggas don't give a fuck, nigga)
Lil' looney motherfucker by the name of Kurupt
Growin' up crazy cause (niggas don't give a fuck, nigga)
So Daz, my mellow, my nigga
Show these motherfuckers that (niggas don't give a fuck, nigga)
The click that I'm with - don't give a shit
You know why? (niggas don't give a fuck)

[Dat Nigga Daz]
Early '85 got my stack on fat
Got kinda flossy and rushed me a 'Llac
It felt kinda funny with money, but ain't no thang
See what's a Coupe DeVille without a set of Dana Danes?
So I rushed 'em with the quickness and I put 'em on the Coupe
Smokin' weed, servin' cavi, now I know how to cook loot
Dat Nigga Daz was the name and the game was mine
Sewin' shit up for willow to the back of 1-9
Mr. Dopeman, they done ga-uh-grabbed me
Sent me to penitentiary cause I used to serve cavi
Makin' big money on the block, that was us 'til we bust
Off-brand stepped up then off-brand get rushed (blaaw!)
Motherfucker (fuckers), knew about me ('bout me)
Well they didn't know enough to where they say they doubt me (doubt me)
So it's relatively cool and shit
But the niggas who don't give a fuck, are the niggas I fuck with

[Hook: Snoop Dogg]
Throw your guns in the motherfuckin' air, we don't care
(Niggas don't give a fuck, nigga)
About nothin' at all, just my doggs and clockin' a grip
(Niggas don't give a fuck, nigga)
That's why I can kick it so tough, cause when times get rough my
(Niggas don't give a fuck, nigga)
The click that I'm with, don't give a shit, you know why?
(Real niggas don't give a fuck, nigga)

[Dat Nigga Daz]
Now I'm back up on the block
And I'm the G that's pushin' ki's, puttin' a 187 on cops
And it don't stop, and it don't quit
Now let me see if these niggas plan to set trip
Bang to the boogie and boogie to the bang
Is the song that I sang when I let my nuts hang
Do my thang - quickly, slowly, fo' surely
Niggas like yourself best to act like you know me

[Kurupt]
Startin' shit cause they niggas mad doggin' me
So now it's time for me to release the fuckin' hogg in me
I puts my hand on my heat, peep, we four deep
Dat Nigga Daz, Warren G, me and Snoop Doggy Dogg in a '93 Jeep (beotch)
It don't stop - Glock, in the back, pack a fat knot
Anybody killer, so what's up?
Kurupt and Dat Nigga Daz
(Are two niggas who don't give a fuck)..

(Niggas don't give a fuck, nigga)
(Niggas don't give a fuck, nigga)
(Niggas don't give a fuck, nigga)
(Real niggas don't give a fuck, nigga)

[Dr. Dre]
Awww shit, ha ha ha, yeah
I like that shit, ya know
I like that gangsta shit
This is definitely some of that shit
A nigga could kick back and smoke a fat ass joint to
Know what I'm sayin'?
Dogg Pound in the house...