[Segue from "Hail Mary"]

[Intro: 2Pac]
The money behind the dreams
My right hand, my other Capo in this big motherfuckin' war we got
My other Capo in this big-ass
Conglomerate called Death Row
Snoop motherfuckin Dogg, Tha Doggfather
And who we hear comin' through right now?
Makaveli the Don
Feel this, Killuminati

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Lord have mercy, father help us all
Since you supplied your phone number, I can't help but call
Time for action, conversating, we relaxing, kicking back
Got you curious for thug passion, now picture that
Tongue-kissing, hand full of hair, look in my eyes
Time to make the bed rock, baby look how it rise
Me and you moving in the nude, do it in the living room
Sweating up the sheets, it's the Thug in me
I mean no disrespecting when I tongue-kiss your neck
I go a long way to get you wet, what you expect?
Late night, hit the highway, drop the top
I pull over, getting busy in the parking lot
And don't you love it how I lick your hips and glide?
Kiss you soft on your stomach, push my love inside
Got you lost in a love zone, stuck in the lust
I got the bedroom shaking, back-breaking
When we're tossing it up

[Verse 2: Danny Boy & Jojo]
Feel this baby, I like the way it's going down
When nobody's around, slip-slide ride
Giving me that nice smile
Female I like, what I want to give all night
You and me alone, everybody's gone, toss it up
Baby let's get it on!
I like the way you please me, baby
The sexy way you tease me, shorty
The way you move your body
It really drives me crazy
Your body hypnotizing, your smell is so exciting
So baby come on home with me
I like the way you give it to me, baby

[Chorus: Danny Boy & JoJo]
I like the way you give it to me
Let me see you toss it up
I like the way you give it to me
Let me see you toss it up
I like the way you give it to me
Let me see you toss it up
I like the way you give it to me
Let me see you toss it up

[Post-Chorus: Danny Boy & JoJo]
Play on, play on, play on, play on
Play on, play on, play on, play on
Play on, play on, play on, play on
Play on, play on, play on, play on

[Verse 2: K-Ci & Aaron Hall]
Oh, it's K-Ci baby, mmm, that want you lady
Oh, don't act so shady
Baby, your taste as fine as gravy
The way you move that thing
You make me wanna sing
Girl, you make my bells ring
Make them go ting-a-ling!
Nasty man, I'm here again
Don't want it to ever end
It's feeling too good
Gimme some more, oh lady, lady
Your body the kind I like, a
Big booty, titillating delight
Back it up, yo, let me in there
Toss it up for me

[Chorus: K-Ci & Aaron Hall]
I like the way you give it to me
Let me see you toss it up
I like the way you give it to me
Let me see you toss it up
I like the way you give it to me
Let me see you toss it up
I like the way you give it to me
Let me see you toss it up
So won't you play on

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
How do you want it? What's your phone number? I get around
Cali Love to my true Thugs, picture me now
Still down for that Death Row sound, searching for paydays
No longer Dre Day: arrivederci
Blown and forgotten, rotten for plotting Child's Play
Check your sexuality, as fruity as this Alize
Quick to jump ship, punk trick, what a dumb move
Cross Death Row, now who you gonna run to?
Laugh at you suckers 'cause you similar
Pretending to be hard, oh my God, check your temperature
Screaming "Compton", but you can't return, you ain't heard?
Brothers pissed 'cause you switched and escaped to the burbs
Mob on to this new era, 'cause we untouchable
Still can't believe that you got 'Pac rushing you
Up in you, bless the real, all the rest get killed
Who can you trust? Only time reveals
Toss it up

[Outro: 2Pac, K-Ci & Aaron Hall]
On and on, yeah, and on
Let me see you toss it up (Toss it up)
Won't you toss it up (Yeah, no doubt)
Won't you toss it up, yeah (Let me see you toss it up)
Play on player, play on
Yeah (Let me see you toss it up)
Let me see you toss it up
How can some non-players do a song about tossing it up
And then want to do a player song?
(you so fat, you and Lil' Kim need a weight scale to lay down in bed
We are not little kids, you fat ass, you feelin' threatened)
How can non-players do it? (you know who I'm talking bout)
Teddy Riley, who? Puffy? who?
Puffy, I read your little interview buddy, c'mon
You still ain't touching us, all that peace talk
I don't care if you kiss my ass from here to across the street, boy
It's on! Toss it up, we took you on
And we took y'all beat (toss it up)
You know who beat we took, and we took y'all beat
'Cause you wasn't rocking it right! (toss it up now)
Tired of suckers rocking beats that don't belong to them, toss it up, it's on, it's out there now, it's our beat now
Yeah, toss it up now!