[Lyrics from Snippet]

[Intro: Kevin Abstract]
Ayy bruh, (You can turn it up a little bit)
Ayy bruh, calm your ass down boy (this that down South)
You know what I'm talkin' about?

[Verse 1: Kevin Abstract]
This that down South nigga music
This that Whitney Houston, museum, movin' music
That them niggas ain't used to
I rock hard that I can't it's [?]
I just look it ever since I heard you play in Coachella
I took a stack, made a rap and I ain't never look back
It made me sad when my parents wanna come to the shows
'Cause I diss 'em in my songs and they know every word
All my niggas get along but their egos' berserk
'Cause we finally getting money and the girls wanna twerk
And I love doin' Perc', I had to buy me a fur
I gotta pray for my nephew now his classmates scared
Oh, your uncle a rapper? Is he Lil Uzi Vert?
Nah, my uncle is gay and they think he a gimmick
How the fuck I'm a gimmick if I'm up at the clinic
Gettin' tested 'cause I take dick so motherfuckin' often
Bitches better calm me down before I motherfuckin' toss 'em
Ayy, nigga

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract & Dom McLennon]
Hurtin' myself, hurtin' my bitch
And I got diamonds that's hurtin' my wrist
I light the spliff and I float by myself
I need some more time to find more of myself
Hurtin' myself, hurtin' my bitch
And I got diamonds that's hurtin' my wrist
I light the spliff and I float by myself
I need some more time to find more of myself

[Verse 2: Matt Champion]
Keep it upside down, keep you up, I come around
They stay right up on my tip, hopin' it's a fishscale
Human, I see through your eyes
Until my CCC and see blood in my skin
They can see they move my feet like DDR
Hangin' out the car, dreamin' of the tour
They grip three types of the gas, miss the days I can't get back
On the dollar [?] the way they really see me
Christina I move like genie
[?] feelings I steam it
Hop in the four and I’m speedin', bleedin'
She gaggin out the backseat, ayy, get it nasty
Killa motion bone deep, like C4, bitch I'm coastin'

[Verse 3: Ameer Vann]
Swimin' in money, I know that they love me
They pay me in hundreds or pay me in gold
Hurtin' myself, hurtin' my bitch
And I got diamonds that's hurtin' my wrist
I feel alone, I sold a piece of my soul
I don't feel love anymore, where did it go?
I got a heart and then filled it with holes
Dipped it with glitter and gold
I wanna die, but it's some shit I should buy
Feelin' so empty inside
The more that I get, the less I can feel
The more that I smoke, the more I forget
I hit the road, my bitch in my whip, that's all

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
Hurtin' myself, hurtin' my bitch
And I got diamonds that's hurtin' my wrist
I light the spliff and I float by myself
I need some more time to find more of myself
Hurtin' myself, hurtin' my bitch
And I got diamonds that's hurtin' my wrist
I light the spliff and I float by myself
I need some more time to find more of myself

[Verse 4: Dom McLennon]
Alright, yeah, woo! Now nigga, what's the word?
I got a thousand dollar one-way train to Luxembourg
I'm drinkin' whiskey with no ice, I feel my stomach burn
I made a life I want, I know that make your stomach turn
Respect the story, toys I’m aiming, how are you submerged?
I'm drownin' daily in my sickness all my dreams absurd
I'm not an alcoholic [?] wanna know who concerned