(Verse 1)
It go, "Traffic Traffic, looking for my chapstick"
Just realized its in the same pocket that the grass in/
Just hit 2am, You know where we going after?
If not, I'm going home I left a spliff on my mattress/
We outchea lurkin ain't no vampires present
Shawty callin my phone I'll hit her back in a second/
Last call at the bar Lasko roll that weed up
Expensive drinks $7 for a Corona?/
Fuck that I'll get a 40 for $4 when we leave
The lower east side is a playground to me/
Anyway, Lasko rolled that. Sparked that. We smoking
Ain't nobody tell us not to so.. (Smoke, Smoke, Smoke)/
Hold on love
Every time you see DomEasy you should give him a hug/
It's almost 3 silly me forgot my charger again
My phone is on 14 percent I'm doing the stanky limb/

(Hook)
If you down to ride then, let's ride out tonight
Insomniacs on the prowl running these streets sho ya right
I'm in these streets I don't hide nocturnal nigga bout that life
So, If you down to ride then.. Let's ride out tonight

(Verse 2)
It go "Chapstick, Chapstick. There isn't any traffic"
We mobbing through the streets between faded and blasted/
This one chick I been eying just happened to mob with us
Koi fish tattoo on her thigh who's that nigga/
"Her name is Jackie. She got a phatty. She from Cali
Born in Flatbush but she was raised in The Valley/
You tryna bag it?" That's the plan my dude
Smoke a stog cause I'm drunk on 2nd Avenue/
Had a 40 at 4, I'm bout to get one at 5
I'mma drink right now and save the rest for the ride/
J Train. Jackie said she live in Bushwick that's perfect
If she let me hit tonight then she gon get this work then/
She had a bad day she was crip tonight
You got the blues? I got lime green. You smoke kyrptonite?/
7am the sun is finna rise
Imma crash at her crib and I doubt that we getting sleep tonight. Well, this morning/

(Hook)
If you down to ride then, let's ride out tonight
Insomniacs on the prowl running these streets sho ya right
I'm in these streets I don't hide nocturnal nigga bout that life
So, If you down to ride then.. Let's ride out tonight

(Outro)