[Intro]
Yo, listen
Mmm

[Verse 1]
Remember me?
I was on police cars on Channel U 2003
So when I tell you it's 10 years
In fact its more like 13
And when I was 13 and Wu-Tang Forever came out
Wrote out the lyrics in my english book
Both discs including the skits
Not a coincidence I spit like this
Craft I have mastered
Armed with the arsenic pen for the men that wanna beg friend
Or pretend it is them that stand what I stand for
Step in the ring get banged by the champ
Aw sit down stan get handled
True you're bars are dusty like a old mans back foot trekking the desert with no sandals
Who is checking on those vandals
Bit-break mic's with the bars of a martian
Left my kids to be fatherless bastards
See I'm so far past them
Run a lap 10 times, they're talking about starting
Dickheads ask "wheres the proof?"
4 of the top 10 Fire In The Booth's
6 albums all packed with truth
12 UK tours now who's who?
Shit...
Done all this while ignored by the mainstream
Everyday life feels like a daydream
See you know that you're cold
When mans grandma see you and they cross the road
Say that they love what you're doing for the struggle and they're feeling the stories you told
Pouring your soul
Boring a hole
Right through the pain straight into the cold
See the more it unfolds
More that you're sure that he knows
More that you feel that a portion of gold
Is not worth distorting your goals
If you're already sure of the truth that you hold
See I'll leave with that gem
Been droppin' them since back then
It's 2016 and It's Not a Rumour just turned 10
My friend

[Chorus]
10 years grinding
What have I done with all of that timing
Mastered the art of this rhyming
Spit hard and I passed the assignment
10 years grinding
What have I done with all of that timing
Mastered the art of this rhyming
Spit hard yeah I passed the assignment

[Bridge]
What you know about graft?
What you know about art?
What you know about heart?
What you know about touring the world from the start but your songs never close to the chart

[Verse 2]
A decade's a long time
If you find yourself following the wrong line
But you can change course with a strong mind
We around the world with the words but they're not mine
I don't create them I just arraign them
Spit them on tracks and the crowd go crazy
For the flows and the fables
Tekks and the turntables we're able to play ball
My stable? Farther of the house
[?] from your mouth bring it out
See the sagas I spew, targeting few
It's drama for dudes, you are scarred if you knew
See the half of your crew, departing from you
The other half with the all of your crew
A regard for the truth
That is the hardest thing we can pass to the youth
'Cause this truthing shit takes work
And there's no guarantee it'll work
And some other little talent-less jerk
Might come in the team and take your shirt, that's how it goes
All you can do is flow and hope that their ears work well
Hope they can tell
You're more like ghosts in a shell when you got man shook like a obeah spell
Hell? Well that's light work
Whats an ABC to a tight verse?
I'mma slay these beats and I might burst
Couple more egos with the right verse
You little 3 amigos need a night nurse
Come and see me on stage for the right purse
Yeah a prize fighter, 10 year grinder
Its the right rhymer, push up your lighter
Who can reciter
Stanza mans can't decipher
I plan like Japan and ban man from cyphers, done
Man get bun
Here's to 10 more years to get spun, son

[Chorus]
10 years grinding
What have I done with all of that timing
Mastered the art of this rhyming
Spit hard and I passed the assignment
10 years grinding
What have I done with all of that timing
Mastered the art of this rhyming
Spit hard yeah I passed the assignment
[Bridge]

[Verse 3]
What you know about grinding?
What you know about timing?
Can you read all the signage
Have you mastered the science of rhyming
The science that I am defining, you're trying
The miles this vehicle has run
And its heavyweight more than a tonne
And of course I do talk 'bout my tongue
These lungs that become these thunderous drums
When I'm done my sons could never get breakfast
As a parent I am that reckless
And I don't give a fuck 'bout your necklace or any of the other type reckless investments
I'm tested, and proven
Many times over, its older, its colder
With shoulders the size of mountainous boulders
All of your [?] don't count it as [?]
Wise from young so I'm 'llowing the olders
Unless otherwise proven, I'm schooling the foolish
And I'm built for the game lets do this

[Chrous x2]

[Bridge x2]