[Hook x2]
Why is the story told? What is the teller's mission?
What is the ultimate source of our deepest intuition?
Why does the audience come and why did they listen?
The blind bard's vision

(Verse)
The sweetest siren call, that spans time and distance
The poet speaks the building blocks of our existence
Who said it's master masons that build the base of nations
Without the word there's nothing else, you can't replace it
When all the towers fall, and all the powerful
Kings crush into dust, things left there to rust
It's the word, the word, the word carries on
And our thirst give birth to the search that we on
Seeking solace with myths that promise
If we just give our attention it will astonish it
A bit of politics, splash of the supernatural
Stitched together by syllables, weave a tapestry
That's broad enough to span minds and generations
Still it cannot be touched by much but contemplation
You want to make a statement? Better you write a verse
Want to create a nation? Better recite it first
Preferably epic with no pen, let the mind collect it
Practise it hundreds of times until it's time
Perfected by the time they write it down
They'll doubt that you're real
'Cause we're great at questioning other people's skill
Yet we seek it still, the Mahabharata
Virgil, Milton, Lucretius, the epic of Sundjata
Gilgamesh Committed coffin text, yeah
It's the blind bard we know best
Is it 'cause your word was twinned to empires' wings?
Or that we touched something deep within?
'Cause when you boil it down beyond mythology and God
You find something That is just so human, do you not?
A son in search of a father that he has lost
A father trying to get back to his family at any cost
A woman that's besieged by men with bad intentions
And she does not want to be with them, but they won't accept it
'Cause there's men and gods, the pen and its gob
There's a mind and a mouth that spout where you dare not
The poet sings and speaks from streets to ancient Greece
Defeat, then is what you meet if competing is what you seek Whether the beat or lyre strings
We are leviathans that speak sagas of this great species of hirelings
Posing like we're highest kings
To get as high as wings of God but we do not
Do nothing but try a thing
The poet sees how the falcons sees a view from the balcony
No doubting he Pages are a alchemy
And the magician is politician and prophet
Premonition we got it
Television and pocket couple queens
That will keep us going flowing
Yeah, we eat from poems
If the teacher don't speak, how could we keep on knowing?
What these questions to these answers are
Curses and our blessings
Confessions are just how deaf we are
And obsessed with death, despite all our best attempts
The Odyssean Underworld is the best we're left
The same one from the book of the dead
Who the myths, millennia hasn't put them to bed
Philosophy is not the laws of motion, logic can't explain emotion
So it makes sense, we come up with some other type of notion
A myth is not a lie, it's a disguise from the truth
So the wise can recite to the youth
If the lines in our rhymes are to find any use
It's the tries of our mind to decipher the clues
Give my mind this thing called living
Season the riddims, turn of the earth to announce the beginning Look how we bounce on the riddim
Man could rap about all of the family
Whole of your humanity, whole of the galaxy
You want to talk about cars, that's fine
Yes, you could say it is a chariot
Carried on the wings of the night, even Zeus don't attack the skies
Where the truth in the chapter lies
I don't know, it's just a fact of life
The search of the journey, permanent purgatory
Driven a Finca from Inca to Germany
So what you gonna do? You gonna search?
Or gonna stand on the side and rehearse?
There's finding the time since your birth is so insignificant
There's barely any worth
Yeah, the heroes, faces are thousands
If you listen you will hear what they're shouting
They ain't telling you to listen to the doubting
They're trying to get us ready for the outing
But you would swear poets are mortal

[Bridge]
But we're not the same I assure you
'Cause we make words and portals
26 letters and we will teleport you
We're not the same, I assure you
26 letters and we will teleport you

[Hook x2]
Why is the story told? What is the teller's mission?
What is the ultimate source of our deepest intuition?
Why does the audience come and why did they listen?
The blind bard's vision

[Outro]
The blind bard's vision
The blind bard's vision
The blind bard's vision
Blind bard's vision...