[intro]

Good Evening Ladies & Gentleman!
My name is pompous Peterson and I am heir to the “Print Money When You Like - Fund Genocide at Will” Banking Dynasty
And I’ll be speaking at the Thieve’s Banquet across Great Great Britain from this coming Monday
But in the meantime, I would just like to share some thoughts with you on what I think it takes to be a wonderful thief:

[Verse 1: Akala (as Pompus Peterson)]

Speak proper English, you’ll go further
The accent of legitimate murder
Cos silly boys think they're bad with their burners
But I drop shit from the sky like a bird does
You can’t duck when I drop my muck or merely say yuck
You are totally fucked
When you claim that you body man
But I duppy more man than any 'ex shooter' can
Cos I went to Eaton and Oxbridge
We get it in with the wraps in the boxes
These silly boys really think that we’re doctors
But look closer, we’re actually monsters
All you chavs and immigrant scum
Dare to complain when I drop you a crumb
But I ain’t having none, no not a bar
Cos I passed the bar and the ultimate par
When I tell the people 'just work hard and you will go far'
No you must learn how to smile as you kill
If you want to be like the folks on the hill
With the bank full of mil’s and a land full of drills
We get those spectacular deals so who can fuck with me?
I’m living in luxury, villa in Tuscany
Train full of cocaine
And a bunch of little boys yet they put their trust in me
Cos I pronounce my T’s with E’s so they believe my cheese
But no brown man with a beard can bomb like me
No, never could be!
And I bust my gun in a dancehall set speed
Quicker than any yardie
No brown man with a beard can’t bomb like me
No, never could be!
And I bust my gun in a dancehall set speed
Quicker than any yardie could dream
You don’t really know what it means to be me
My soul I dream to redeem
No in fact I’m ecstatic cause my bombs they kill democratic
Silly paupers can’t hack it
Bring it to me, who’s gonna back it?
When I’ve got beef with a chief I draw from my goons
You call them soldiers and police
But they are just private security
Even though you people pay for them
When your protests try to get close to the rich
Who keeps you away from them?
It’s a racket I’m of,  you couldn't dream of
No tax bracket, I just whip the cream off
Green, you must be lean off
If you think democracy’s what I dream of
My ally is Saudi Arabia, I sip tea down in Belgravia
And oppose a leader in Africa and support the massacres in Papua
And that is all before breakfast
So I’ve got no response for the hecklers
All over the globe I’ve got assholes that hate their own and kill for the throne
And I own your manor
So mind your manners
Which gang-bangers?
What bandanas?
Cock what hammers?
Plus my grammar never stammer
Plus my grammar never stammer
I own money, I’ve been getting rich
Bitch!
Ever since 1066
Shout to John Locke and Adam Smith
My late homies started this shit
Now everybody wants a part of this shit
But you must know there’s an art to this shit
First, you must pronounce your T’s with ease
So they believe your G’s
But no brown man with a beard can’t bomb like me
No, never could be
And I bust my gun in a dancehall set speed
Quicker than any yardie
No brown man with a beard can't bomb like me
No, never could be
And I bust my gun in a dancehall set speed
Quicker than any yardie could dream
Touring starts next week
Banquet of Thieves, November 19th
You'll see that half breed picky haired chap
But he can rap

[Verse 2: Akala]

What’s the palava? nobody’s harder
Than father Akala, I’m smarter than Arthur
Rappers talk grease and I grieve them with laughter
Of my life, them family don’t know that half of..
Like I ain’t ever been in a balaclava
I’ll spar in the ring, bring arms to the master
Father, you don’t really want nada
I’m harder, I’ll flow, beat down like Alana
Nada
Nuff of the coco and garner, when anybody make me a martyr
I charter
Karma surrounds my aura with armor
I’m sure that your “sword?/soul?” “caught boat to the harbor?”
On the microphone, a lotta clones
But I’m known all over the globe for spittin poems
And I am my label
Tower of Babel, I can’t explain you
“mits?” “they rate you?”
10 years grindin’
Look how many man are signed or unsigned all of the time and
But I’m still shining
With nothing but the talent of my rhyming
Never did babble about a diamond
I’m dabblin’ with the finest, travelin with your highness
I’ll spit a verse, I’m jabbin ‘em with the timin’
Of Ali when shufflin at his prime and
Your man are doin’ nothin, I swear that you’re only mimin’
Deaf as a bat
I’m darker than black
A sergeant, marchin’ with scars on my back
You’re a target so you can hardly relax
When I pass you, never had the chance to react
Let alone the heart to attack
And let that be that
I’ll see you on tour...