[Verse 1]
Once upon a time, not too far from here, two puppets lived
They were called Paul and Steve, here's what they did:
Steve was a regular puppet, three shows a day
One in the morning, one in the evening, and a matineé
He hated the work and said he needed the pay
But the evil puppeteer wouldn't let him go any way
And one day he saw Paul, a puppet just like him
But he had no hooks in his back, and no strings
Which Steve thought impossible, it shocked him to his very core
Ran back and told the whole Puppet Town what he had saw
When he said what he had seen, they laughed so hard they nearly split their spleen
Told him he's crazy, it must have been a dream
No such thing as a puppet without strings
"What next, you're going to tell us a bird with no wings?"
Though Steve knew what he'd seen, he felt so embarrassed
He said: "Yeah, you're probably right, 't was just my sight"

[Chorus 2x]
Are you the puppet?
Are you the puppeteer?

[Verse 2]
Days turned to months, Steve gave it no more thought
Then, out of the blue, he saw Paul
But this time, he plucked up the courage and ran straight over
Said: "Excuse me, mate! You got a minute? Please wait!
My name is Steve, I'm just a regular puppet
I slave for a puppeteer here, and think nothing of it
For it was the only way 'till I saw you the other day
Even told my friends about it, they thought I was deranged
So please come to Puppet Town, so they can all see!
See, we'd love to be the same as you - free! Explain it to me!"
Paul responded, so calm when he spoke:
"If you've never seen and I'm free, how would you know?
But no problem, I'll come to the town, there is no hassle
But warn the people, freedom is simple, [?] not dazzle"
Upon his news, the town gathered with abated breath
Whispers and rumours, the buzz loud enough to make you deaf

[Chorus 2x]

[Verse 3]
Puppet Town gathered in the main square, silent as death
As Paul took the podium and began his address:
"Dear people posing as puppets, I hear you would like to know
How one attains freedom, first please note:
Truth is very simple, and freedom will not dazzle"
If you want to be free, all you have to do is unhook yourself!
You can all reach your own backs, take a look yourself!"
The crowd paused, as if it was a disaster
Everybody just burst into laughter
Someone said: "Don't you think that we would have already unhooked ourselves if we possibly could have?"
Even Steve never looked at his back, he just laughed too
But if they don't laugh, then it isn't the truth?!
Dear puppets of the world, please lend me your ear
And don't forget to check your backs for the hooks of your puppeteer!

[Chorus 4x]