[Verse 1: Akala]
Do you never feel like there's something missing?
Stuck in a role, just playin' your postion
Even when you scream, it seems no one listens
Free as a bird, but it feels like prison
Never break tradition, suttin' like it's superstition
And your marrige is about as boring as a politician
Now listen, what you need to do is change the way you livin'
It's your life, don't explain your every decision
Whatever your vision, believe and make it happen
Look at me, I'm a English rapper
It's only one life here
Gotta do you bruv
I feel marvelous, how about you luv?

[Bridge: Niara]
Yeah, I feel good (Do you feel good?
Yeah, I feel good (Do you feel good?
Yeah, I feel good (Do you feel good?
Yeah, I feel good (Tell the people...)

[Hook:]
Everybody jump over the edge
Everybody let go and just feel the music
Jump over edge
Everybody jump over the edge
Everybody jump over the edge
Everybody jump!

Don't know where the edge is, I'll explain to you it's fine
It's that line or that time when your mind just [?]
Like your boss has been rude to you just one too many times
Out at night, might just have one too many pints
Like when you got ambition and they tell you you can't do it
Your body feel the music, but your scared to move to it
The edge is where you lose it, jump with me
Don't quit your job, take the low road, spit in his tea
Drink til' your pathetic, til you act like an idiot
In the morning you'll regret it, right now it's brilliant
As far as your dreams go you just gotta get em
And as long as the beat plays just move to the riddim, like

[Bridge]

[Hook]

Come over the edge to infinite possibilities
Sorta like a parallel universe your visiting
But it's here on earth from the prison to the villages
Open up your mind and you feel limitless
Don't let them tell you what is real
They don't know, realistically
They said Einstein was dumb
How come he thought of relativity?
They're just despicable, miserable individuals
And every single syllable they uttering is cynical
It's typical, don't sit down waitin' on a miracle
Jump like Jordan, like your tryna' reach the pinnacle
It's only one life here
Gotta do you bruv
I feel marvelous, how about you luv?

[Hook]