Sandra Guy: What’s your take on Chicago’s “Chi-Raq” reputation and the police-shooting controversies?

Twista: I’ve been at this for so long, over the duration of time I’ve lost three bodyguards — one in Chicago from violence in a club, one in a car accident and the last one due to violence in the streets.

Anyone in my neighborhood has been affected by violence — brothers, sisters, cousins — either affected by it or maybe a part of it. It affects us in a lot of ways.

The spotlight on Chicago is unfortunate. A lot of it is people grasping onto the latest story or the latest happenings. A few things spiraled out of control.

Now, you have this stereotype like it’s violent, like it’s brand-new. You have the Internet, social media and all these cameras to document many more crimes than they used to.

It’s a problem in a lot of ghettos in America, not just Chicago. The thing that’s happening is everything is coming to light. There’s a lot of things the police were getting away with all these years that’s coming back to haunt them. You reap what you sow. You can’t get away with doing things as easily as you used to.

But I also think it’s making a lot of guys’ jobs hard. No one is paying attention to this cool cop who has to wear this [body] camera. It’s a violation of privacy to have to wear a camera. We’re people. We don’t know when we might joke or say something that can be taken out of context.

That would almost make me want to have another job, to make me have to have a camera sitting there every day. The bad cops have made it unfortunate for the good policemen because of the rules and regulations.

Guy: What’s new for you?

Twista: The Living Legend tour.

What’s next is me being an entrepreneur. I’m getting into fashion. We already have the Legendary hat line. I’ll be selling more merchandise — hoodies, sweaters for men and women.

I want to let people see — I want the kids to see — how rappers do business, how artists can turn what they do musically into money by doing other things.

Guy: What kinds of music do you like to listen to for fun?

Twista:  You’d be surprised. I just have strange tastes — the beats, the vibe of music in its entirety. Or I could be listening to Bob Marley. Look at the list on my phone — Bob Marley may be next to Robin Thicke, next to CeeLo Green, next to Eddy Whitehouse, next to Frankie Beverly and Maze. It’s like a strange list of music.

Guy: You’re raising your family in the Chicago area. What do you do in your spare time?

Twista: I am a portrait artist. I may get back into it. Every once in a while, I still draw in my spare time. I’m getting ready to dive back into it like I should have. I also do figure drawing and anatomy. I think I would like to have a gallery.

I’m watching “The People V. O.J. Simpson.” I’m waiting on the next “Game of Thrones” and the next episode of “Vikings.” I’ve watched every one of the “Sons of Anarchy,” and I’m a little bit into “Limitless.”