[Verse 1:Mush Millions]
Ugh!! Front and center when I rep my set K-town reppin' to the death if a nigga ever try to pull it with me Imma squeeze that tech (blehh). G's on deck blow a couple blunts of them trees to relive my stress he got next. When it comes to rippin the beat you can see that hes obsessed be my guest. The reason why hes running through this beat so freely's cause hes upset, he don't rest is the reason he's so mean to these people tell them to ease back when I breathe on tracks. Kill it fuck your feelings suck a dick and die and all that. Nigga thinking that it's all rap I'mma doormat the mothafuckas I'mma lay them all flat, get it? Ha! Quit playing with me they don't want me to go taliban ham up Ak's on them bet them niggas he was with strait vacate on him, at the hospital the cryin I'mma (late thing?) homie. (Woof!) Big dog yeah great dane homie, if he try me hope he know I got the bang bang on me, lights out when I see you thats the same chain homie, rob a nigga 2 times in the same day homie. Huh? What? Wait a minute hold up! Procut clean make a fiend throw up purple codeine styrofoam pour up don't slow up hoe roll that dro up. I'm focused posted like posters just 17 box of almond banna clip in the toaster I got the glo call me shownuff! Hoe what, better ask them hoes what I'm 'bout shit I don't play with 'em chasin' 'em, buat a quick nut then I'm out I dont lay with 'em stay with 'em, better tell your nigga watch his mouth before you have to lay with him pray with him. Let off a couple shots of them rounds pop pop man down ain't no way that they savin' him. Stay strapped nigga, fuck ya'll mean any murder gang nigga motherfuck ya'll team. I decapitate them no gullotine and thats word to me it dont matter what the fuck ya'll scream. This easy a bloodclott breathes rap got torn thats why the fuck I sing. Tell them niggas that I keep it street and thats word to king I don't care about a bloodclott thimg

[Verse 2:Twista]
Let homie know it's on they done went to war with coloins, Mush got the og on the song, I'm  a Obi-wan Kenobi clone for a little bit of guacamole you be yellin' holy moley whodie gone cause I be Napoleon. The old man sittin' in the chair, white long hair (neva' bust it up?) but if I ever get up it'll be so vigerous when I rush plus K-town niggas finna bust cause its us. I get the work so we just cool with it crush fools with it shake hands or I bust tools with it, who did it? Truck seats oh so plush, but the flow so tough make a shorty cut school with it. Fuck shcool told this fool I'm a thug and I plug who's on drugs that dudes don't love move on a stud shoot him in the mud leave him drownin' in a pool of his blood then I move for the club. Then while I'm (stunting off him?) if I hear about him ever coming for me it'll cost him, if he ever tried to go and get his buddy I'mma toss him, make his momma go and spend alot of money on a coffin. Closed caskett I froze bastard the flows mastered because I chose hazardous ingredients to put it together to spray out at your clique then wet up your whole block when I rode past it. (Keep goin T!) Literally hit them in the hoodie when I make it panic wonderfully kell 'em and get dead cause you bled all over the sidewalk your blood spread like legs. Tell his homies if he got clipped he deserved it I don't give a fuck if the bitch got murdered. Soon as a pussy nigga trip when he word it I'mma leave a motherfuckas head split like a verdict. Split like a pole then strike a pose for the camera so icy I'm a windy city mobster, blowin' kush up with Mush in the Bently on the block go and ask if they seen me on Costner, and I rep it with 1 of my niggas in the city is the first of the cuts we bring accent like I'm from London bitch I don't give a fuck about a bloody thing!!!!