Intro (Twista):
(Neva neva neva) Twista y'all, the Perfect Storm
(Neva neva neva) I know you think that you gonna have it forever, I’ma tell you right now
You can't never say ever
(Neva neva neva)

Verse 1 (Twista):
Pimps up, hoes down, mo' Kush, mo' rounds
You feel like the permanent living is never gon' end
Until some shit, go down
Never say never it’s not like predictin' the weather
You say that I’m trippin' you say that you different
And you like "Whatever"
You feel like you better cause you makin' cheddar Instead of realizin' the one that you might of cut off could go through an endeavor
Fluent as ever in my thing and I keep it real
I know they be hatin' and trippin' so I keep the steel
I know that the devil is coming so I keep a shield
Don't wanna go out of my mind so I keep the kill
Why are you saying that you could not ever be broke?
Why are you saying that there could not ever be hope?
Why are you saying that you can not get what you wanna get when I be making that money from flowin' on heavenly notes

Chorus:
What am I to do? (What am I to do y'all?)
My mind is in a whirlpool (Man I’m going crazy)
Give me a little hope (I need hope)
One small thing to cling to, yeah
Neva, neva, neva

Verse 2:
Never let the haters say that you ain't up to par
Never should you be believin' you are not a star
Never should you ever think that you can't get that far
Never should you ever think that you can't get that car
Never be thinkin' the shit you be doin' will come back around and bite you in the ass, especially if you on woppy (??)
And when you be flowin' then never be using the words I be using if you rappin' fast especially if you gon' copy
But that be the reason when I flow I gotta switch it up
Cause I gotta give it to 'em in a way they won’t pick it up
But never say never cause when they get the acappella there’s somebody gon' do it better but until then give it up
So never say that you can't win if they say you gon lose
And never think you can come up if you don’t make a move
And never believe that you are below anybody because of yo' looks
You are the shit, as long as you choose

Chorus:
What am I to do? (I don't know)
My mind is in a whirlpool (Know I'm talk'n 'bout?)
Give me a little hope (Yeah)
One small thing to cling to, yeah
Neva, neva, neva

Verse 3 (Twista):
I see hard crime, a child was runnin' around in the streets
And got caught in a murder now he ain’t gon' never come home
Never be thinkin' you helpin' by doin' whatever they want
Cause life is hard and he ain't gon' never be strong
Never believe that the the only way you can stop it
When you take a look at the drama
Please take a look at the lama
Now what you gon' do when you have to look at your Mama?
Now you can do better than that homie, look at Obama
And then sit, in the back, of the bus, if they don’t, give it up
On the way, to the joint, cause you, think you can come up
You feelin' like you was invincible until they struck
With the right to remain silent, fuck
Never think that you’re so hard that you can’t get crossed
And never think that you’re so hard that you can’t get soft
And never think that you’re so smart that you can’t get taught
And never think that you’re so smart that you can’t get caught

Neva, neva, neva, oooooooooooh (Sing it, baby!)
Aaaaaaay (Tell ’em girl)
What am I to do?
My mind is in a whirlpool (feel me?)
What am I to do? (Tell 'em)
My mind is in a whirlpool (Know I'm talk'n 'bout?)
What am I to do?
My mind is in a whirlpool (Uh)
Give me a little hope, (That’s all I need)
One small thing to cling to

Outro:
(Oooooooh) Never say never, y'all already know the real, Y'all shawties gon' understand some day (Aaaaaaaaaay)
Gotta live for today, fight for tomorrow
(Neva, neva, neva, oooooooh, aaaaaaaaaaaay,)