[Intro: R. Kelly]
Uhh, uhh, uhh
Yeah this is the remix, Finger Roll and Gibbs productions
Yeah, this is for all the sexy ladies out there
Walkin around downtown
Shoppin' at the malls yeah
Ladies (you're so se-xy)
You got the Gucci purses (per-fect for me)
I see you in your sexy jeans, and I like you (you're so se-xy)
Manicure, pedicure mamis (per-fect for me)
Your hair is did, yeah, I see you
And this is for

[Verse 1: Twista]
My ladies that be steady sippin Cris'
Always lookin nice, put some ice on they belly or they wrist
Girls that be thick off in they thigh, I wanna kick it in the Chi
They gon' be fuckin with some Kelly and the Twist'
Baby now look, model girls, Gucci and Prada girls
And all the ghetto divas in the hood
Women that be steady stackin ends rollin Lexus or Benz with rims
And know how to keep it lookin good
Workin wit'cha fine thick ass
Somebody gon' snatch you so I gotta make you mine quick fast
See I come and pass, I don't really wanna wonder
So I gotta put her numbers in my Sidekick fast
Rollin wit'cha mob workin hard, gettin money, pullin capers
If I ain't got papers you will bring me some beans home
Supervisor givin orders on the job
But you still lookin good with them skin-tight jeans on
Lookin hot in them heels, I think I want that
Come and back it up to the bottom of my throwback
When you rollin yo' rims clickin like a Kodak
When I drive I wanna smoke, she will roll that
Miss mobstress rollin with the hardest
Holdin it down like a female Joe Pesci
And I wanna make her a made woman
I hope she gon' let me, cause she looks so sexy

[Interlude: R. Kelly]
OHH! And this is for them girls that be wantin - the D
And this is for them girls that be lovin - the D
And this is for them girls that be ridin - the D
The ones that like to keep the D up inside 'em now
So many girls off up in the mall boy a nigga be in the club (ohh!)
Soon as one of them walk by me and I be like, "Yo whassup?" (yeah, uhh)

[Hook: R. Kelly]
LADIES! (You're, so, se-xy) Uhh, so sexy!
(Per-fect, for, me) Yeah, and I like you
(You're, so, se-xy) So sexy!
(Per-fect, for, me) And this is for

[Verse 2: Freddie Gibbs]
Them dimes, them incredible, oh so sexual women
Gettin' spinach cause they been independent from the beginning
They be catchin' my attention while I be bendin' and grinnin'
Gettin' money is my mission, my pimpin' is never endin'
Look at shorty, I bet she'd let me slide in them jeans
Cause she's a try-sexual, she's down to try anything
So I know she tryna get on my team
Yo, here's the number to my celly, when you get a minute give me a ring
You know my game is flawless baby, therefore it can never fail me
And every time I see ya girl, this is what she tell me

[Hook: R. Kelly + Freddie Gibbs]
(You're, so, se-xy) Uhh, so sexy!
And I be like I know
(Per-fect, for, me) Yeah, and I like you
This Freddie Gibbs baby
(You're, so, se-xy) So sexy!
(Per-fect, for, me) Just right

[Verse 3: Twista]
Me and my clique was - rollin thick on 24's on a dirty lick
Met a chick, lookin fine and her measures was
36-24-36, come here shorty
Ain't no reason to be scared of us
Lovin how you do your own thang
And how you smokin on your own flame
Lookin finer than a girl that be groovin on Soul Train
I try to to hit her with some cold game
I hope she - feel me; try to holla at a shorty
Get a better vibe wit her while I'm sippin on my - Henny
I wanna kiss her on her body
But I gotta make her holla while I'm givin her - the D
Gotta really love a girl
They know to kick it but she know she gotta make that - money
Goin shoppin for the minks and the leather
But come back and bounce that ass - for me
My East coast girls, that's what's up
Tell my Southside shorty we can get it crunk
My Cali girl make it bounce like a six-fo'
My Chi girl bust down niggas straight buck
When I see up all the girls that get down for hers
I gotta get up wit her if she gon' let me
Career woman with some goals, fuck them broke-ass hoes
Baby girl cause you look so sexy

[Interlude: R. Kelly]
OHH! And this is for them girls that be wantin - the D
And this is for them girls that be lovin - the D
And this is for them girls that be ridin - the D
The ones that like to keep the D up inside 'em now
So many girls off up in the mall boy a nigga be in the club (ohh!)
Soon as one of them walk by me and I be like, "Yo whassup?" (yeah, uhh)

[Hook: R. Kelly]
LADIES! (You're, so, se-xy) Uhh, so sexy!
(Per-fect, for, me) Yeah, and I like you