As the paranoia takes over...
A man is quick to start snappin...
Cus as the paranoia takes over...
A man never knows what's about to happen...
As the paranoia takes over...
This is what's in the mind of a man that can be a shooter...
As the paranoia takes over...
This is what's in the mind of a man who lived times colder...

[Verse 1]
My feet walk the grounds of mental cruelty
As I'm surrounded by evil, in the ghetto the streets rule me
I look around and all I see is hatred
Bloods wasted, nothing is sacred
I don't know how long I can take it
Life is supposed to be priceless
But the ?cause of statics? suffers from automatics
Cus of a mental crisis
Ignorant thoughts and barbaric ways
And my hood's where it stays
There it slays, leaving no trace of better days
It's hard to grip the mic, when at night
All I see is hypes, going insane
In the brain, to obtain, the glass pipes
Life's a struggle, even for those who don't smuggle
In the alley drinks bums guzzle
Street life's a motherfuckin' puzzle
Leaving the best smoke, cus every rap chokes
Against the ropes of my people losing their dreams, lives, and hopes
My mental odyssey's hurt me with thoughts that could destroy ya
Damn, I can't face he paranoia...

[Chorus]
You never know who's coming for ya, the streets can destroy ya... (Damn, I can't face the paranoia...)
You never know who's coming for ya, my mind is my destroyer...
(I can't face the street's paranoia...)
You never know who's coming for ya, the streets can destroy ya... (Damn, I can't face the paranoia...)
You never know who's coming for ya, my mind is my destroyer...
(I can't face the street's paranoia...)

[Verse 2]
As paranoia takes over, my heart stays colder
Ghetto slang holder, but still look over my shoulder
To see a shorty drink 40s and pop a pistol
For no reason, so the only issue is hope the bullet miss you
My mind goes in rages when outrages like some front' pages read murder committed by kids of younger ages
All these thugs know is drugs and chrome
Cus' Every night they never saw hugs and homes, just slugs and domes
Punks'll slang a game of starstacks, it's hard to face the raw facts
I witness bullets scar backs of carjacks
And through this all I make allot for days
Won't drop my ways at night they pop a gauge but still I chose to rock the stage
Is this a death trap as my every rep raps, the tales that left caps
In the bodies that finally get my mind collapsed
I'm hearing toxin', some pistols cockin', their poppin' bodies droppin'
Paranoia's got me, Constantly watchin'
Drugs and murder, imperial dealers and serial killers
Kids turn into casket fillers and hypes, the stillest
It's comin' for ya Is every man created a destroyer?
Damn, I can't face the paranoia...

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
The paranoia's killing me, terror's trilogy
In days to come do  you think we still a' be using artillery? Huh. Some kill for fun and enjoyment
Others for unemployment
Sometimes, I wanna say "fuck it" grip me a gun and point it
Herb eaters, thoughts of diseases as the flesh peels
But still the test builds;
I slowly start to see that stress kills
My willpower, I buss my best skills, but can't bear it
Sights of mack shooters, crack tooters
My thoughts are transparent
But yet deep, it's hard to get sleep, my eyes flinch
Beat the man in the dark trench
Dead on the park bench
Bullets sparks pitch, that shove an innocent child
Even though at the station Glocks pow, my mind is hostile
Now my style is being affected from it
To protect myself from catching one in the stomach
I'll be quick to gun 'em
The results: I might need a lawyer...
To keep myself from being locked in a cage facin' the paranoia