Yeah, yeah, just how long little momma? I'm coming through in a minute
Done here, put that little pink thang on for me, through, twister

I'll have you going, have you by the flowing, every time you think of me
And when they play my song I'll have you in the phone, sweating and you waiting for me

You sweating and you waiting, sweating and you waiting, sweating and you waiting for me [x2]

I see little momma in the mood, she thinkin about you, she really want bad
Body ready for kissin and huggin and the bear but... call you dad
Listen what you gonna be spendind because the words coming out of my mind is pow
My hat... I get you... even through you got out the shower
He gonna be the a last an hour so you gotta... twisted to get freaky
Body dripping with sweater you listen the cutter I bust you go nuts if you see me
I wanna pick her out of the mouth when she wrecking another motherfucker to hit it against the hair tool
And if they let me gonna be fucking with then let my music get prepared for
Scrip from my shot shot caulder,.. fucking with a boulder
The ice... marvey get with the flow, I can turn a room with a bear to a sauna
And never tells you it's a celebration because you're about to be the one girl
And you gonna... and listen to me, you wait for me to come and I'm about to beat it up

I'll have you going, have you by the flowing, every time you think of me
And when they play my song I'll have you in the phone, sweating and you waiting for me
That's right, sweating and you waiting, sweating and you waiting, sweating and you waiting for me [x2]

Now even through you walk so classy, you still love it when I talk so nasty
And I love it when you wear Victoria's Secret to the telly because you take it off so sassy
Look how I touch you when I spike that juice, mmm, do you like that, boo?
And I got up in the strawberries and whipped cream, cause I be loving the way you wipe that fruit
I take of piece of them then bite it right back
Then squeeze the fluid down the small of your back
And I go down and lick it up at the crack
Steadily freaking you until you don't know how to act
So does... and you be waitin', nobody be sweating but your heartbeat racin'
I could figure... rest your thighs and grind while you're trying to exercise your patience
Then I pull up in the Acura looking like you're up, well I'm mackin' and I'm sure immaculate up in the bed
Then she's telling me the to tap it and tap it and tap it and tap it and tap it and tap it until I get it wet
She said I never let the way be 'lone and take me home and make me moan
Cause I be coming with the shit that makes you hot
I think you better turn the AC on

I'll have you going, have you by the flowing, every time you think of me
And when they play my song I'll have you in the phone, sweating and you waiting for me
Oh yeah, sweating and you waiting, sweating and you waiting, sweating and you waiting for me [x2]
I know you're hot

It's another one for ya, some of you can bump in night
When you're getting ready for whoever to come do that
You all know how Twista does it
2010 gmg baby