[Hook: Cassody + (J.R. Writer)]
Oh, you know I keep the A.R. on deck
Come through the block, we got the soft and the heart on deck
We got the piff, we got cigars, and alcohol on deck
The hustler and J.R got them bars on deck
(You got the bars on deck), I got the bars on deck!
Punch lines, similes and metaphors on deck
Drop Phantoms with the suicide doors on deck
Ain't nothing stopping like I always got them bars on deck!

That ice grill could get you shot with the K
A round will spin your body around
Now you're facing the opposite way
This lil lady that I'm popping today
Gonna let my other lil bitch eat her twat while she moppin away!
She blow the whistle like officials when they're stopping a play
The stick is a snicker go lick a bar of chocolate today
Yup I'mma beat the pussy up then put my cock in the A
SS anal sex, is the topic today!
Cass never had, anal sex, the opposite way
But its like you gotta be gay to getit popping today
You gotta get dick in your ass to sell a copy today
That's why I went to cop from poppy today
Narcotic cops in the way!
You pitchin rock cops will lock you away
But I'm Gucci, I need some Luci in my pocket today
So I'm setting up shop again, cooking up the rock again
Chop it then bag it up addin up what im profiting
I'm in the spot clocking in, all night locking in
Till I got the dough to go see poppy and cop again
I'm getting guap wips with the missing top I'm popping in
I pull something official out
Beamer with the niples out
You don't own your home, your landlord can kick you out
If you want your grizzle pour some motherfuckin jizzle out
I pull the pistol out, four dot nickle out
Just a let some steam off, blow your head clean off!
I mean, you need to take them skinny ass jeans off
Im bout to call some sluts to come suck the whole team off
And she cum for some money, she give stupid head
She gets super head to run for our money
I'll be trapping for monday to monday I never get to sleep
I'm trying to get it cheap, to make sure my kids get to eat
If its beef, cass gone get some street niggas with a mask on
And knock on your door like "TrickorTreat"
They get they blast on, soon as the knob turn
Shoot your face, and make your mustache touch your sideburns
Ill, I'm still messing with that...
That white girl youe tryna cop I got it on deck

Chorus:
You know I keep a foreign car on deck
Brought the ice, punch the cause the stars all set!
It's the life, keep your wife, a bunch of broads on deck
JR and the hustler, pause on deck
You got them bars on deck, I got them bars on deck
..it's the sound off next
We ain't hit the... keep our bars on deck
A rider and a hustler is all on deck
Deck, deck, check!

I made it ready, my paper heavy
Crazy fatty, you will think I'm about the main spaghetti
Huh, these niggas damn when I...
... a cheese on his hair like he Katy Perry
Check me! It's been a while for this fifty...
I line ‘em up, tell them clown niggas single fell
And now of these niggas could evr fuck with me
Fuck with me I'm something these niggas wanna become to be
Suck for free, overall man I'm overall I'm over ya'll
Shit I don't even know the floor
Heavy blink, yeah I know the bull
Put your raise on everything since you know it all
Poll the call get sprint if you think I'm plan
If you real then you real fucks you really sayin
I'm sayin come to beef tomorrow is a hill
Ya'll I'm past that off to me you got a career
Niggas act like I won't turn it to the old jay
For my old days get back to my old ways
Case closed when them foes blazed
Play cold you'll be singing like you cold play
Another cold case you'll be a condo miss
My fucking cold D doing twelve behind the shit
Free my nigga carti and for a murder bus
Me know just came home we about to turn it up
Is teen thunder you ain't' hurt of us
Well you ain't got to nigga, we ain't concerned with smokes
We ain't concerned with such
Who you're supplying wing
I pall plich on the street get your spider race
Time to waste I just school my jet and I do my step
How your dudes gonna flex
Fuck a soldier bitch I got the hope the tune on that
Number 40 is but you know them goons on deck
Whole clue on that, fuck the crew y'all rat
Super size to casket plenty room on that
Bigger chrome, bigger home, plenty rooms on that
We cover the cine home nigga who want next, ha

Chorus:
You know I keep it foreign car on that
Lot of ice, bunch of lights cause the stars on set
Is the life, keep your wife bunch of broads on deck
JR and the hustler, pause on deck

You know I keep the AR on dead
Come through the plot we got the soft in that hard on dead
We got the piff, we got cigars and alcohol on dead
The hustler and JR got the bars on deck

Chorus:
Oh, you know I keep the air on deck
Come hit the black, we got the soft and the heart on deck
We got the piff, we got cigars, and alcohol on deck
The hustler and JR got the bars on deck
You got the bars on deck? I got the bars on deck!
Punch lines, similes and metaphors on deck
The hustler and JR got the bars on deck