[Intro]

[Hook: Cassidy]
Where all the goons that listen to goon music (right here!)
Where all the goons that listen to goon music (right here!)
Everybody strapped with the gat but the goon use it
They trap from June to June that's goon music

I talk big bucks think cars and big trucks
I'm living the goon life! (listen to goon music!)
Im a live it up, and bitches is getting fucked
I'm living the goon life! (listen to goon music!)
Fuck how cats feel, I'm a make crack deals
I'm living the goon life! (listen to goon music!)
Caps gon' get peeled, and cats gon' get killed
Im Living the goon life (listen to goon music!)

[Verse 1: Cassidy]
This goon music, dope on the spoon music
Cass be showing his ass, that baboon music
Bananas! pistol whip you with the hammer
Then put a scar in your face like ("Tony Montana")
I'm grinding, running through snow like Santa
That's why my diamonds clear like an Iphone camera
If you don't like what I'm doing, fuck you
I'm going to hustle
And dick chicks like I'm trying to pull a groin muscle
I'm on the block knocking pu~re off
That's why I ball like a boy took his toupee off
I got pills you could order boy
And I got that water boy, my strip get that Bobby Boucher off
Dog, my dick and nut sack you watch
I put yo bitch face on my lap and get top like a Machintosh
I'm a grimey cat
So I hit yo' bitch up and then get my dick sucked on tiny chat

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Fred the Godson]
The god clapping
I turn'em to T Boz shit, you been sleep with the Mac 10
Rapping, just something that I'm good at
Fishscale? well got something you could look at
Grams be, I Brandy, Ray J
Your bitch never fucked with a "G" Nah?, Sheneneh!
Gina, hopefully you get it?
New connect just spoke to me, I'm with it
Forget it, I got the flow of an old timer
I forgot ya was nice? Alzheimers!
No cosigner, Cassidy said goon music
Throw lamas, ya don't want no drama
I send gray steel through your fitted hat
No cable bill, but when it's Showtime
I send em Mac's!
Whoever you send at me, I'm a send him back
Whether it's rapping or clapping
Know how to get with that

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Cassidy]
It's probably why nobody's nice as Cass
So the radio should be bumping my ass like a diaper rash
I'm sipping liquor, would you like a glass?
I'm about to light a bag of fire and get high then the price of gas
The coke good, but the price is bad
I'm touching keys, like that bitch in the courtroom that be typing fast
I like to ask if life is fast?
And you live the fast life, how long you think your life will last?
Grab a knife, stab, stab
Slice your ass
Fuck a fight, a knife will cut your mother fucking life in half
I'm on one, you fucking with the wrong one
I'm short but I got a long dick and a long gun
I'm with this chick who got a long tongue
The bitch thin, but get it in 'til the fat lady song sung
This shit crack, you gon' be high when the song done
Where the problem and Fred the Godson get the bars from?

[Hook]