[Verse 1: Cassidy]
Hello?

Yo I ain't talk to you in a minute

You was upstate big

Yeah, a ten year sentence

Yup, you got locked up when I did big business

You got into business and did it big no pun intended
You always was dope and I hope you don't get offended
But you need to drop a hot record and stay consistent

I am yo, listen I slaughter my competition
I just ain't on the radio, cause I ain't ass kissing

Cass you know you sickening

I be talking slick

I'm just talking shit, but yo when the last time you talk to Swizz?

A long time ago

What you don't get along with him?

Nah, it's all love

Well you need to do a song with him

I don't know what's wrong with him, but we don't never speak

You got hot bars, you just need to get some better beats
Ya'll put plaques on the wall, a couple times, but life goes on

Hold on my other line. What's Up!

[Hook]
A yo Cass these niggas getting me mad
They think you fell off, you need to get in your bag (yea)
I'm bout' to spazz these niggas get on my nerves
Cause they not showing you the respect that you deserve (word)
That's my word, you been spitting the truth
Nothing but punch lines every time you get in the booth (yup)
You spit some hot shit on the track and it's a wrap

[Verse 2: Cassidy]
You already know, but yo I'mma hit you back...

Yo Buhl (Not yo ball)

A yo what's cracking pimp
You was snapping pimp, but I don't know what happened pimp
Shit changed, you ain't been the same since the accident

Man you said I was the best

But now I ain't that convinced
You need to get back with Swizz and make platinum hits
You ain't drop a album in a while you the problem child

Chill yeah I'm still a problem, but I'm not a child

I ain't trying to hate but why you made that song Condom Style?

Too many people got infected you gotta protect it
And I could not neglect it somebody gotta address it
It's a positive message

But I don't think it was hot

Whether you think it's hot or not you gotta respect it
You mad that I'm not talking reckless?
I dropped a record and got an endorsement deal, so I'm not affected

You had more metaphor's before I got arrested, but I'm glad you doing business

Hold on for a minute... talk to me

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Cassidy]
Yo I heard you the other time, I'm on the other line
Yo bro

Yo I'm still here peep this
I'm still in the street shit I need to hear some street shit

I'm spitting fire I'm getting tired of all this weak shit

Me too, but what you gonna do about this Meek shit?

He said he wanna battle niggas
But when I took him up on his offer he started to reconsider

That cat lame on every song he rap the same
That cat changed he got a deal and don't act the same

That nigga wilding cause he sold a couple hundred thousand
But I sold triple what that nigga sold my first album

He not selling cause that nigga can't stop yelling
He know he can't fuck with you that nigga look up to you

That ain't nothing new I raised son
I was around when that clown couldn't even get his braids done

Why he dropped that I'm a boss shit?

Cause his boss say he a (Boss) and he just on his boss dick
I usually don't get mad, but I had enough
When he dropped that song Amen that was blasphemous

He should praise his heavenly father the creator

But yo I gotta go I'mma holla at you later easy