[Intro:]
Uh, Cassidy! Bishop, Mayhem Music
If you got a problem with me nigga?
When I see you it's on sight
My gat going off!

[Hook:]
If a nigga try me, my gun go off! (Pat! Pat!) Yeah, my gun go off
If a nigga try to rob me, my gun go off! (Prrrat, pat pat!) Yeah, my gun go off
If a nigga beefing with me, my gun go off! (Pat, pat!) Yeah, my gun go off
I always keep it with me, my gun go off!(Prrrat, pat pat!)Yeah, my gun go off
My gun go off [6x]

[Verse 1]:
I barely can sleep, keep my ear to the street
If there's beef, I'ma something
I think I'm going deaf cause they say money talks
I ain't broke but don't hear nothing
Plus I be rolling that loud, but when I smoke I don't hear nothing
But I do hear my gun when it pop off
Your chick scream, "I'm bout to cum" when I pop off
You gon run when it pop off!
When shots pop off, yo your whole head could get knocked off
Till I'm dead, I ain't never gon stop dawg
I'm on a roll like the bread of a hot dog
You think you're hot dawg, but you're not dawg
Naw, your bars' just average
I finger fuck my gun and make it bust off but you gun just practicing an abstinence

[Hook]

[Verse:]
I sleep in my bed with choppers
I'm in my bag and I start to pop over red [?]
Yo bro, I'll pull the hell out and put more shells in your mouth than red lobster
You running your lips till I come with clique
And hit you with everyone in the clip
Put some in your head, put some in your chest
You not breathing, I'm squeezing till I got none of them left
Yes, I empty out
They gon be mad when Cas pull a Bentley out
Put Loochie out. Put Louie and Gucci out
Got hoes in the hotel with their Coochie out (Ouch!)
Putting years on the grind, so I'm wearing the shine
Yo, it's fucking exclusive!
Got stones in my hand and stones in the van, looking like frozen up mucus
Flashy as hell, get gravy, wavy, like Max DeVell
Rocks nasty as hell, the
I was hugging the block, now my raps are for sale sell
Wanna buy a rap? I spit cooked up, come buy some crack
But if you fire gats, then I'ma fire back
And watch your whole crib up, fire hydrate gats

[Hook:]

[Outro:]
Uhh, If a nigga plotting and diggin your pockets
Bet you gon go off
If a nigga planning to rob you, man, now would your gun go off?
If a nigga scheming to take your cream, man, would your gun go off?
Cause my gun go off, yeah my gun go off
Uhh, if a nigga wishing to catch you slipping, would your gun go off?
If he making a mission to take your bitch, would ya gun go off?
If a nigga was alive to rob you, would your gun go off?
Cause my gun go off, yeah my gun go off



My gun go off [12x]