[Hook]
Millions love her, wanna get her all alone
But when they call her number they can't get her on the phone
Cause she off the hook (she off the hook) she off the hook (she off the hook)
She off the hook (she off the hook) she off the hook (she off the hook)
She got me messed up, baby tryna get in touch
But when they hit her up she ain't never picking up
Cause she off the hook (she off the hook) she off the hook (she off the hook)
She off the hook (she off the hook) she off the hook (she off the hook)

[Verse 1]
Damn this chick is beautiful but she be acting unusual
And I'm a true thug so boo love is something I refuse to do
I'm through with you cause who is you?
Boo, I can't even Google you
You fine as hell but I'm cute as you
I'm just tryna nail like a cuticle
Every time I dial your number I can't even get through to you
Bitch, what the fuck did I do to you?
I'm not the dudes that you used to screw
I could never get used to you
And you can do what you choose to do
But you get on my nerves, you's a bird – cocka doodle doo

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
A lot of weed and alcohol, I got the drugs then drop them all
I popped her off, took the condom off
She mop me up til my cock was soft
She saw me in the shopping mall
Like where you've been, I said knock it off
I hit you up but you ain't pick it up
Stop actin' like you never got the call
You off the hook, look why's you playing 'round?
What? You tryna play me now? Why you acting all crazy now?
Remember when I laid you down and you begged me to stay around?
Threaten is something you can't do so why you acting all brand new?

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Telephone man, there's something wrong with my line
When I dial her number, I get the click every time
I would stop callin' but she Halle Berry fine
Body like a Kardashian, Why the hell she not answering?
I'm the man, word is bomb. What's going on? I don't understand
Every day I'm with another chick so I guess this chick with some other man
Fuck it man, I need to put this phone down
Cause she off the hook, you hear that phone sound
That's why I'm calling her phone now

[Hook]