[Intro]
Let's try somethin' new
It’s been a long time coming!
Let me try something brand new
Hey yo Ski!
We overdue, man
Come on!
Yo what we do it for?

This is for the day-trippers and the hipsters
Whores and the fashionistas
Spiritual leaders practicing all the laws of attraction
The teachers who read the passages
From the Bhagavad Gita
We bustin off Dalai Lamas and flashin' heaters (?)
With the shooting, the thugging and all the spooning
The crooning, the auto-tuning. Alas
You be tellin', peddlin' to consumers
I'm helping them to see through it
Get with this new movement
Let's move it!

[Hook]
Through the cold rain
I’m still standing right here
Even though it (?)

[Verse 2]
Yeah I’m a product of Reaganomics
From the blocks where they rockin' the feds like Jay Electronica
Drop and make this a lock that the crime is where the heart is
Could drop, and make us (?), that the crime is where the heart is
Where the Jesus or Muhammad regardless of where the mosque is
They hope for the Apocalypse like a self-fulfilling prophet
Tell me where do we stop it?
Do they ask you your religion before you rent an apartment?
Is the answer burning Qurans so that we can defend Islamics?
The answer's upon us with a hash tag, a trendy topic
You take away the freedoms that we brought in the game
Then you disrespect the soldiers; you ask them to die in vein
In a desert praying for rain
My music's like a drug, and they tend to take it in the vein
It ain’t for the well-behaved
The soundtrack for when you're braver, the score when you felt afraid
More than your average rapper so you sort of felt the (?)
The brain is like a cage, you a slave, and that's why they lovin' you
This is the book that Eli that start with a K-W

[Hook] x2

I do it for the trappers, other rappers
The backbackers, the crackers
The niggas, the metal-packers
The victims of ghetto factories
I do it for the families
The citizens of humanity
MCs endangered species like manatees
I do it for the future of my children
They the hope for the hopeless
When karma approaches we gon' be food for a flock of vultures
The end of the world, ain't nothin left but the cockroaches
And the freedom fighters
We freedom writers like Bob Moses
They chose us, freedom writers like (?)
For my block, my boro, my hood, my city, my state yea
My obligation to my community is so clear
Yea, we gotta save them, this opportunity so rare
We do is so big over here that it's not fair
To the punks, the bitches, the chumps, the snitches that sneak in the game
We let them live although they weak and they lame
They posers and jokers, promoting when they speaking my name