O.G.C. (Originoo Gunn Clappaz) - “Hurricane Starang”
[Emcee(s): Starang Wondah]
[Producer(s): Mr. Walt]
[Sample (Melody): The John Payne Band - “New Spaces”]
[Additional Vocals: Rock]

[Intro: Starang Wondah]
I’m Duck Down staff even when I’m by myself
I’m Boot Camp Clik even when I’m by myself
I’m Fab 5 even when I’m by myself
I’m O.G.C. even when I’m by myself

[Rock]
HUSK....HUSK.....HUSK...

[Verse 1: Starang Wondah and (Rock)]
Hang that ass up like a poster.  Got niggas
Out in Genosha who be screaming Eshkoshka
(They don’t know ya, so I can’t see why they wanna start ya)
It’s a shame.  Strang got more aim than an archer
And Pete Rock, please prepare my ship for departure
Beat these young boys’ ass and make ‘em run and get their father
Niggas get dropped from the hip hop culture
It’s the ultra emcee, fly like a vulture
One, two, I come through on the humble
Beast from the East, call me king of the jungle

[Bridge 1: Starang Wondah]
Beast from the East, beast from the East
Beast from the East, beast from the East

[Hook: Starang Wondah]
Strang coming like a hurricane licking shots
Strang coming like a hurricane licking shots
Strang coming like a hurricane licking shots
When I roar like a grizzly, they say, “Damn, he gets busy”

[Verse 2: Starang Wondah and (Rock)]
I be Grand like Puba, but I’ll move smooth with Dru Ha
Puts the B in (booyah), Starang coming to (do ya)
Scream hallelujah, but it still won’t help ya
Run from O.G.C. and get caught by Heltah Skeltah
(Jet) to the other side, run for cover, hide
Niggas still wouldn’t be safe even if I let ‘em slide
But this ain’t baseball.  I’ll waste y’all.  Ask no question
Get attacked from the back by the black Smif-N-Wessun
I be rubbishing any crew that claims that they be bubbling
Get that ass capped/ASCAP like them niggas when they’re handling
My publishing.  I be loving when fake rappers
Question my status when my crew be the fattest
At this, and you could ask my man the Big Kahuna
Ka-plow now make you say “yow”/Seau like Junior
(You’ve been warned) Da Storm’s in the atmosphere
Move over, make room— Gunn Clappaz here
‘Cause it’s ill how I kick lyrical skills with the force
No joke when I leave you choking off of the exhaust
Of course.  Who else could it be but Mr. Strangle?
Hit that ass from every angle—they don’t really wanna tangle

[Hook: Starang Wondah]
Strang coming like a hurricane licking shots
Strang coming like a hurricane licking shots
Strang coming like a hurricane licking shots
The original ay caramba Starang Wondah

[Interlude 1: Rock and Starang Wondah]
Rock: Ayyo, Starang
Starang Wondah: Sup, son?
Rock: Ayyo, you should let ‘em know exactly why you be Numba One.  I don’t think they understand

[Verse 3: Starang Wondah]
First of all, Starang comes first and foremost
My first instinct would be to burn y’all wack raps like toast
Fuck the first day of school.  I’m on 1st Ave
At the First National Bank so I could fly first class
Ask about it and I be the first in line
Crack that ass before I even get to kick my first rhyme.  I’m in
The Hall like Aaron, puffing L’s all day
My first command, mister: keep the fat broads away
Fresh, fly, O.G.C. be the best buy
Puff lye with my nigga Tek out in Bed-Stuy
Then I come through with the wickedness
Who be kicking this?  Starang, I light shit up like Christmas

[Hook: Starang Wondah]
Strang coming like a hurricane licking shots
Strang coming like a hurricane licking shots
Strang coming like a hurricane licking shots
Gunn Clappa Number One with my niggas O.G.C