O.G.C. (Originoo Gunn Clappaz) - “No Fear”
[Emcee(s): Starang Wondah, Louieville Sluggah, and Top Dog]
[Producer(s): Mr. Walt]
[Sample 1 (Melody): Lonnie Smith - “I Want to Thank You”]
[Sample 2 (Melody): John Kaizan Neptune - “Bamboo”]
[Sample 3 (Whistle): Jean-Jacques Perrey - “E.V.A.”]
[Sample 4 (Drums): Climax Blues Band - “Louisiana Blues”]

[Hook: Louieville Sluggah]
He’s stepping in hotter this year

[Verse 1: Starang Wondah]
Starang coming like a hurricane with no fear
‘Cause, in the streets, we ain’t got no peace
Shoot the beast from the east but you run from police
Don’t try me ‘cause I be the bomb like BāZì
Starang from O.G.C.’ll heat shit up like Hawaii
Vibe when I’m live like a four-wheel drive
Every day, I strive to make y’all rappers realize
How dangerous Strangle gets on the micro-
-phone.  When Louieville zones, it gets me hyper
The type to snipe your ass from up close
This is the Boot Camp Show, I’m your host
Starang Wondah, no relation to Stevie
And, no, I’m not west Indian or Haitian, but I’m on
Probation for knocking wack emcees out daily
Plus I fly heads like comets from Alex Haley
Now tell me: won’t this fucking verse right here
Turn a wack rapper’s day into his worst nightmare?
(I scare) petty emcees who claim they got gats
Fronting with hoes in videos with pimp hats
(But the fact) still remains that you’re just a stain
On the bottom of my boots while I’m still Starang
B.C.C., from ninety-now past two thou’
Make y’all heads in the crowd out there wonder how
We be still

[Hook: Louieville Sluggah]
Stepping in hotter this year

[Verse 2: Louieville Sluggah]
Louieville, no fear, will shed no tears
Dare you to come near, bare-beat that ass
I’ll pull bats, cock back, release then smash.  Niggas is
Um, stuck on stupid, OD’d off cupid
Bitches and switches is strictly how they have to do it
Like Montell Jordan, I’m giving a warning
You keep that shit up and niggas’ll be caving your walls in
But as they close in, chumps get chosen, stance
Gets frozen ‘cause this here fleet’s about as potent
So hold it, watch how you take those totes
‘Cause your next’ll be your last, yo, and all she wrote
Kill the small talk, no delaying.  On sidelines, I’m wasting
Procrastinating is sin, so there’ll be no delaying

[Hook: Starang Wondah]
Now he’s stepping in hotter this year

[Verse 3: Top Dog]
D.O. Big Kahuna coming in with no fear
Oh yeah, y’all niggas over there, y’all be fronting
Claiming y’all own a gun, but, when you see us, you run
Now there’s this one thing Top Dog can’t understand (What?)
Why men get mangled (Uh huh), why men get mad
So I asked my brethren ‘til he told me he caught these brothers
Flapping, had to smack ‘em with the chrome piece. Now it’s only
Uno and dos, he and him.  He’s blowing up
Spots, no matter if he’s enemy or friend, so put
An end to all the bullshit.  I’ll pull shit
Quick, and you a gun fool.  I can’t forget
How you get down ‘cause I get down with four pounds that
Make sounds from underground—now you don’t wanna come around
Here—that’s disappointment for life
I’m making sure I’m the one that’s taking all your stripes
Now back way while I get my yipes on
Peace to my nigga O-Strong home with the chron’