[Intro: Sample]
"No! No!  I want an Official Red Ryder Carbine-Action Two-Hundred-Shot Range Model Air Rifle!
You'll shoot your eye out kid
Merry Christmas"

[Hook: Jeremih]
Wait, kringle bells all the way
Ayy, on your heels, girl make that shake
Got 'bout three hoes on my sleigh
And tryna tee up Christmas day
Won't you, won't you kringle bells all the way
Got them bells all on her shake
Got 'bout three hoes on the way
Got 'bout three hoes in my sleigh

[Verse 1: Jeremih]
Legs up, the Hello Kitties
Hell yeah, I wanna prove
Ah yeah, it's cuffing season
Hell yeah, but you got a man
Yeah yeah, tell him get
Spread up, I'm in the spirit
Yeah yeah, she cool as [?]
Say it now

[Verse 2: Chance The Rapper + Jeremih]
I don't play (Legs up)
See my face (Hell yeah)
Have a seat (Oh, yeah)
Make a plate (Hell yeah)
She can't wait (Yeah, yeah)
Still awake (Spread up)
To open yeah (Yeah, yeah)
It's Christmas Day (Say it now)

[Hook: (Jeremih) + Chance The Rapper]
(Kringle bells all the way) all the way!
(On your heels you'll make that shake) I make it shake!
(Got 'bout three hoes on my sleigh) Up on my sleigh!
(I tried to tee up on this day) On Christmas day!
(Won't you, won't you kringle bells all the way) All the way!
(Got them bells all on her shake) On Christmas day!
(Got 'bout three hoes on the way) I brought them away
(Got 'bout three hoes in my sleigh) IGH!

[Interlude: Jeremih]
I keep you close, hollowin' in snow
Call your Santa Claus
That's what Christmas for

[Hook: Jeremih + Chance The Rapper]
Hey, I got three hoes on the way (On the way)
Got 'bout three hoes on my sleigh (I make it sleigh)
They tryna tee up Christmas Day (On Christmas Day)
They tryna tee up Christmas Day (On Christmas Day)
Tell them jingle bells all the way (Up all the way)
Bells are hangin', damn they shake (And make it shake)
I got three hoes on the way (Up on the way)
They tryna tee up Christmas day (On Christmas Day)

[Verse 3: Jeremih]
Just tell me which floor, should I get off?
And I'll be right there to set it off
I'll be right there to deck the halls
Either your love or none at all
And your presence is a present for me
For Christmas or just because
It's either your love or none at all
Either your love or none at all

[Outro: Hannibal Buress]
Christmas!
Oh, I love Christmas
Being obligated to buy shit for people at a certain time in the year
I buy Christmas gifts, but just, just 'cause you're supposed to
Jesus
Autotune that for me
Jesus
Consumerism
Jesus' Birthday
I swear to God, if you leave my raw vocals like that
We not friends anymore
Autotune my shit and put them, put them Travis Scott effects on my shit