[Hook: Chance The Rapper]
Cardboard cutout, sharp teeth, smart mouth
Smile big, small waist, big hips, cut paste
Forgive me but you look familiar
Prom queen, mean chick, teen mom, bad bitch
Real bad advice, can't fool me twice
(Forgive me but you look familiar)
(You a regular)

[Verse 1: Chance The Rapper]
She the latest model but these hoes retros
One in a million but these bitches special?
It's two shoes in a pair, two peas in a pod
Three P's in appropriate, groupies in a mob
Usually I like them to look just like you
But you just so usual you just look used
I just need something out of the norm
Foreign just don't seem foreign no more
Just give me the porn, it's like four in the morn'
Trying to raise the bar with porn in the torrent
Got a lot of wifeys, more than a Mormon
CNC’s, I ain’t even in performin'
But we met in a life where we were both cats
Our owners were neighbors, how funny is that
What's funnier is yours had eight different cats
Same shade of black and I'm blind as a bat

[Hook]
Cardboard cutout, sharp teeth, smart mouth
Smile big, small waist, big hips, cut paste
Forgive me but you look familiar
(You a regular)

[Verse 2: King Louie]
These bitches regular and they smoke regular
If these bitches bad then bad bitches regular
County-bound ass bitches acting like the federals
If this bitch from Paris then Paris is terrible
I don't want to go there no more
Even though I've been there before
And even there, they was regular
Aye Ye where Kim at?
Kris Jenner, that's a kidnap
Stacey Dash, where you been at?
'Cause these bitches clueless here
If your mama say you're special then your mama ain't the truest
With her lyin' ass, with her fine ass, with that giant ass...
She regular too, heh?

[Hook: Chance the Rapper & (Quavo)]
Cardboard cutout, sharp teeth, smart mouth
Smile big, small waist, big hips, cut paste
Prom queen, mean chick, teen mom, bad bitch
Real bad advice, can't fool me twice (yuhh)
(Forgive me but you look familiar) (yuhh)
Migo! Quavo!

[Verse 3: Quavo]
Long hair, don't care, girl you look familiar
And her mama doesn't like me 'cause I'm a rapper so icy
Where she come from, damn I don't know
But I think I seen her in Chance and Migos' video
Her body look like a Coke bottle
But I'mma let her do the swallow
Heard she chasing after my dollar
Hit the bucket from the back, make her holler
If she get your number, know that she gon' call ya
She don't fuck with nothing but ballers
I gotta stop her, call me Quavo Captain 'Merica
I'm not saving her, no I'm not cuffing her (no!) nah! (Gone!)

[Outro: Chance the Rapper]
Forgive me but you look familiar
Forgive me but you look familiar