[Produced by Cam, Nate Fox, and Peter Cottontale]

[Intro: DJ Drama]
Shout to Chi-Town!
Dedication 5, since '05!
Know that!

[Verse 1: Chance The Rapper]
You feel like Kool-Aid in a wine glass witchyo' fine ass
You fine as two grapes gettin' stomped out by a giant cask
You the best dressed with ya breasts showin'
Like a salad no dressing, take ya to ya favorite restaurant
Ask for the bread then fuck in the restroom
They don't ask for a pass when yo ass waltz in my dress room
You the best bride and I'm the best groom
Wedding presents got my best man at the Best Buy
Buyin' the Best of Fresh Prince for the bedroom
And I'mma buy a summer house, with a rec room
And a car with no backseat and some leg room
And some strawberries and some chocolate
And a fridge and some broccoli
Cause I know you like vegetables even though I don't
I won't say I won't eat it if you chef it
Fuck it, I'll hire Geoffrey to get a beverage if you should ever get parched
You feel like Ruby Dee to me, great and powerful Ossie
Who's behind the man behind the curtain? Foxy
Coffee, brown as the bosom I flew in on
Nose round like the wheels that my rims spin on
Lips full like the light on the dash was flickin', oh wait it wasn't
Oh and I forgot I'll take a microwave or oven
So we could kick the butler out and we can make a muffin
Maybe bake a dozen, my homeboy like your sister
Maybe they can bake some cousins, ooh isn't that sweet
You feel like Kool-Aid in a wine glass

[Hook: Chance the Rapper]
This is not a love song, this is a you song
I just happen to love you
This is not a love song, this is a you song
I just happen to love you
This is not a love song, this is a you song
I just happen to love you
This is not a love song, this is a you song
I just happen to love you

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Give you the world if it was for me
My diamond grill make it hard to see, I'm lying through my teeth
And now I'm flying on my PJ, looking at the clouds
Thinking about yo ass and how it look like a big smile
I get mental flashbacks of your ass crack, lemme get back on track
You say I act like I don't miss you, that's because I don't act
But anyway, we can role-play or get straight to it
Sorry, my mind in the gutter, better yet, sewer
And when you say I love you, I stutter, "I-I love you too"
It's Wayne's world, she say, "What is this world coming to?"
And she know me and whoever together, she hope we comin' loose
She told me that if she ain't the one, she gon' throw up the deuce
I laughed at her, we took a bath together and splashed each other
Then she got serious and said, "Tune I gotta ask you something
Do you really love me?" I tried to change the subject
So I said some crazy shit to her like
"What if you and I were just letters?
That'd be unfortunate we'd have to rob a fortune teller
But I swear I think I love you, fingers crossed in my pocket
Okay, that's a dead subject, you bring it up, that's a zombie
You remind me of, my memory ain't what it used to be"
She said she ain't trippin', I know, because I move my feet
And when she figure out that she been swindled
I'll be cleaning that love bird shit off of my window
I-I love you too...

[Hook: Chance the Rapper]
This is not a love song, this is a you song
I just happen to love you
This is not a love song, this is a you song
I just happen to love you
This is not a love song, this is a you song
I just happen to love you
This is not a love song, this is a you song
I just happen to love you

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
I mean how many times
How many times I gotta
How many times I gotta say it for it to count?
Are you counting?
I loved the pictures
I needed that, I swear I did
I was just thinking about you when you sent them too
You don't believe me? I know
D5, what up 5?
I-I love you too...I do