So what are you sayin Todd?
So what are you sayin Todd?
Beyotch!!

Ha-ha-ha-ha yeah
$hort Dog still in this mothafucka for the nine-six
Like this

Here comes the hogg with the big nuts
He's flowin like a breeze
I said here comes the hogg with the big nuts
And he's flowin like a breeze

Too $hort:
This ain't Halloween, ain't no trick or treat
You young silly ass hoes can't get shit for free
I give a fuck about what niggas been buyin you
I'm $hort Dog bitch, I ain't tryin to
Get on your good side, you better get with me
So we can roll in luxury
Around the world, gettin money
I'm pimpin hoes on Sunday
I'm the kind of nigga that you'll work all night fo'
Won't discriminate, I'll pimp a Chinese-White ho
You never seen money with a black man's face
But I swear mothafucka I done had my taste
Can't slow down, full speed ahead
I'm laughin at you squares sayin pimpin is dead
They say sex can kill, you catch AIDS and shit
But the fact stand, hoes get paid from tricks

I'll never let a ho, pimp me
I'll never let a ho, pimp me
And all my hoes say (pimp me daddy)

Kool-Ace:
I'll never ever, be pimped again
I had to be played once to really understand
But I appreciate it, $hort cause I related
I probably stuck my game and ah participated
Got baptised, it wasn't a dream
Now I'm mackin with the Dangerous Crew, and smokin green
Hit old school playas up, on their help
And we all decided to take a trip
We on a world tour, checkin our clientele
Want to see how much pussy these hoes can sell
Feds say this crew is scandelous
Wanna charge us all for pimpin and panderin
]From the Mississippi Valley to the A-T-L to Chi-town, Oakland
These bitches will understand
P-I till the day I D-I-E
Ha-ha you'll never pimp me!!

I'll never let a ho, pimp me
I'll never let a ho, pimp me
And all my hoes say (pimp me daddy)

*Sir Captain & Sir Charles Talking*
Sir Charles: Ahh Sir Captain...
Sir Captain: Yeah what's goin on Sir Charles?
Sir Charles: Man what ever happened to that great fine bitch
You had the other day?
Sir Captain: Yeah, that old bitch come to me the other day man
Talkin about she wanna do her old pimpin, I knocked that
Bitch down man, I asked that bitch "What part that you
Understand bitch? Because I don't undertstand none of it
Ho, you's a ho to me bitch, you done still ho ho ho...
Sir Charles: So what you sayin, you never let a bitch pimp you man?
Sir Captain: Never man. Hey Sir Charles, what about that little
Expensive broad I seen you the other say with you know, that little cutie-pie
That little
Baby girl?
Sir Charles: Oh you talkin bout Unique, my little-bitty bear...
Sir Captain: Yeah, she that little old six-pence lookin girl, you know she
Look kinda fine to me...
Sir Charles: Man that girl went to work the other night and brought me $999
Off the street...
Sir Captain: You go boy...
Sir Charles: She asked me would I loan her $10 so she can get me a grand
I said bitch you got to be crazy, go turn another date and
Put
My money in my mothafuckin hand...
Sir Captain: Ah man, ain't nuttin but pimpin there...
Sir Charles: This ain't no joke, I'll never let a bitch pimp me...
Sir Captain: Never, never...
Sir Charles: Say man you know we rollin with this Dangerous Crew...
Sir Captain: Oh yeah, with ol' $hort Dog, you know he good for the pimpin
Sir Charles: He got ol' Suga Ray and Ace over there
Sir Captain:You know Goldy comin back in here, you know Goldy comin back in now
Sir Charles: Oh shit, it's gonna be big pimpin in this Atlanta, G-A

Goldy:
I be flippin hoes like a spatula, rakin em in like a new Acura
Bitin em with this game makin em mines for life like Dracula
It's like hypnosis, I pimps your mother, I pimps yo' sis
Hoes be nothin but slaves for me, ready to go to their graves for me
I'm lookin for a ho to knock, hit with a Goldy lock
Get at the ho, spit at the ho, now I got ho rollin cock
Pimpin ain't easy, I went from jeans, t-shirts, and tennis shoes
To gators and suits and zebra hats, my pimpin tools, I win or lose
My hoes be bringin me hoes, now I got more hoes than a golf course
With ass like a soft horse, I get em with game and never with all force
With a pimp stick on a pimp throne, that lazy ho better get goin
Ho ain't workin on Daddy's scratch, she bout to feel the grill of a Cadillac
I was yours when the ho wouldn't leave me, cause an agry ho would decieve me
But I'm ten G's ahead of that ho, you want your shit better get it and go
But I be laughin with Sir Captain cause he always handle what happen
Fall in love with the pimpin and gettin ho money and be like fuck this rappin

I'll never let a ho, pimp me
I'll never let a ho, pimp me
And all my hoes say (pimp me daddy)

*Sir Captain & Sir Charles Talking Until Fade*
Sir Charles: Hey Captain, ain't you glad pimpin ain't dead?
Sir Captain: Yeah, one time I thought the pimpin was dead man, all the
Bitches of mine ran off, I called the Pimp God right, and he put
Me on hold and said his bitch run off. I thought pimpin' was dead
Then, but he called back though and said it was all good...