[Verse 1: Juice]
If you don't like my shit bitch sue me
Usually, hanging with a crowd no groupie
Tryna verse a verse with a legend so stupid
How do you tell a nigga underground you gonna shot him
Do pls, up to my old tricks
Flowing with the water like my name Mick Jenkins
Mind is a weapon got the gun to you dead beats, haters in the game so you know they gon' arrest me
Damn! Bitch
You'll can't take me down cause I'm already underground
Sitting in a circle so the blunt is coming round, round and round like a merry go round
Intoxicated cause the word of God is the highest now
You will believe if you not holy
Give me the whole alphabet and I will chose OG
Lighting up the verses as I'm lighting up the craters
Ashes of the Gods, man nigga this my prayer
Huh?




[Chorus: Juice]
Evil will never rise up over good
Like a statue it's broken old and it is scared
I kneel down cause you my light right in the dark
I pray you save them save from them selfs
I pray you save them for them selfs
Got the pistol clicking shooting at these niggas hope you save them from the dark
I pray you do, I pray you do, creep up on the niggas, creep up on these hitters, i pray you do ohhhh
Got the love in his heart and his never losing it
Got the world in his palm and never losing grip
Ohhhh never losing grip




[Verse 2: BaDa$$ Mic]
I hear your third eye opened
Well my nigga I am heavenly chosen
All these niggas throwing bars with them 6 shit
But I keep on rhyming with that sick shit Do you get it ?
My lines are sick your god is weak                                                                   If you want defeat then come to my street
I will bring the heat up cos man I am believer No longer a sinner I tell you my nigga
I am underground can't you hear this sound or just notice  clouds changing
Than why the hell you wanna bury me or kill me or send me six steps beneath the earth man I smoke herb. I toke a lot and loke a lot
I ain't pathetic. I ain't motherfucken lusi lusifer of all the evil. what's the highest star ? Its Evel Knievel of the E people
But I throw a bar then you will feel it underground in hell man I don't care I ts a spiritual warfare you won't win cos I had one wish and I wished for more And the first wish was to kill all the evil second wish simply wish the fire and desire just walk with fire. just to burn these liars with Holy fire this heavenly fire. You ain't going higher so I guess you retired in this rap shit. Rap is about God not some weak shit you getting the point right now. So I guess its my time to light now. Here's a lil point life ain't nothing without a joint. Man I proved that already my nigga ready and my clip is extended if my rap was a gun then I know I'll be pulling triggers you fake ass nigga
Do you get it my nigga



[Chorus]



[Outro]
Ashes of the Gods