[Intro]
Yo, Slaughterhouse is the movement
C.O.B/S.M.H is the new venture
Eminem is a genius, yo, Paul is a boss
Shoutout Yelawolf, salute to D12, rest in peace Proof
Lets get it!

[Hook]
Shady's number one
Shady's number one
(Go! Go!)
Shady's number one
Shady's number one
(Go! Go!)

[Verse 1]
Got that number one hip-hop album out there, so I bought that whip
Nigga said Crooked was garbage, meanwhile his bitch won't get off my dick
Niggas wanna front on a guy, if I was you homie, I would get off that quick
Got the charts going up on a Tuesday, fuck that, I'mma top that shit (yeah!)

[Hook]
Shady's number one
Shady's number one
(Nigga said Crooked was garbage, meanwhile his bitch won't get off my dick)
Shady's number one
Shady's number one
Got the charts going up on a Tuesday, fuck that, I'mma top that shit

[Verse 2]
I was talking to Paul in New York the other day, he said "Crooked this a great year"
The 'Shady XV' went number one on iTunes, I guess the statement was made clear
I came home, went straight to the booth, I'm doing everything you snakes fear
Killin' rappers right and left, bringing more death than Macbeth
A modern day Shakespeare (yeah!)
Spittin' bars in a cypher while I'm filming it in the heart of the city, that was some G shit
Yeah, mentioning Ferguson,  and Darren Wilson in the middle of that rap, thats some me shit
Yeah, I'm from the city by the sea, so you know the flow wavy and might get you sea sick
You're fallin' off, I'm watching your career slide down that mountain like I'm sittin' on a ski lift
I'm just spittin' on a remix, cause the boy loco with the rhyme flow
Somethin' everybody know like GEICO
Psychopath Killer going Michael,
Sex, Money, Hip-Hop is all I know
I'm in my crib and I'm chillin' in my House Slippers
Thinkin' about how the industry treated me
Some Love Lost, but I'm in my PRhyme though

[Hook]
Shady's number one
We got the charts going loco (we number one nigga!)
But y'all already know though (y'all already know)
I'm hammer dancin' with my four-four
(KXNG CROOKED, do you have any words for the police?)
Fuck the po-po!

[Verse 3]
Cause the pig Darren Wilson wanna see a nigga like KXNG CROOKED on ice
Cyber Monday man, the consequences of killing at a very low price
You're mad Ray got reinstated, you're focused on the wrong Rice
Cops pull up, kill a kid with a pellet gun, they ain't even think twice
Tamir, so I roll up on the cops playing Psychopath Killer, hockey mask in the duffel bag
Throwing bullets like a Pittsburgh Stealer, as a matter-a-fact I'm naming my rifle Mac Miller
Cause it's aiming for your faces, you gonna think you're watching movies when they sound off (ow!)
Then I'mma let Snoop tell you what the case is (Murder was the case that they gave me)
This time we kill 'em with the charts, Crooked is intelligent, I kill 'em with the smarts
It's a brand new era, I'm talking about for me
God bless the KXNG, you're gonna feel it when it starts, I promise
Deadly the flows is, and what a lot of people knows is, I been a king before the name change man
I put that on Moses

[Outro]
December 16th, Sex, Money & Hip-Hop mixtape
Ice Man on the motherfuckin' boards, KXNG CROOKED in the booth
Slaughterhouse behind me
COB
Shady's number one
Shady's number one
Yeah!
Ya know man
Couple people actin' like they don't know (haha)
I like Odd Future (haha)
I like y'all Odd Future niggas man
That nigga Tyler said "Shady XV was ass", young nigga though (haha)
And I like that nigga, so you know, it's all good
Nothin' I do is ass though, I will not part-take (haha)
Yo, do niggas have man-crushes on Em? I don't even know, but people need to know, it's COB nigga