[Hook 3x]
[Ludacris, Infamous 2-0 and Three 6 Mafia (Ludacris solo)]
Go to sleep, ho! (Go to sleep!)
Go to sleep, ho! (Go to sleep!)
If you're tired, be quiet and go to sleep, ho! (Go to sleep!)

[Verse 1: Ludacris]
Maaan, I tell a ho to go to sleep (go to sleep)
They turn around and frown, gotta make them six feet deep
Cause we knock them unconscious with that nonsense
Read in between that fine print, think about lyrical content
Then about where your time spent
Mess around get your guys hit; a-ten hut
I send Three Six -- oh shee-ot, nigga what?
If you're tired, you're tired; if you snooze, you lose
But'chu you won't wrap up ya bandages, or heal your wounds

[Verse 2: Infamous 2-0]
Nigga, I got shotties and semis -- I love 'dro and Henny
All brown and skinny, but I've fucked up so many
I got QP's and halves - if we beefin', I blast
You sleepin' I laugh, ask 'Cris, I'm off the rip
I had this ho who talked too much; I had to off the bitch
2-0, Mr. Crayola; niggas know what I mean
Cause I slang brown, white, yellow, purple and green
And all you faggot motherfuckers gotta know the routine

[Hook 4x]

[Verse 3: Crunchy Black]
Bitch it's me again, kickin' in your fucking doors
I look for dividends - I ain't looking for you hoes
You bitch can't comprehend; let me put one in your, bro
Let me put one in you, bro, so you niggas can go to sleep
So, lay down bitch; give me all that you dreamed for
Gimve me fancy cars, gimme bling-bling-bling, boy
It don't mean a thing, boy; for me that ain't gon' swing, boy
Them god damn toys; do you know what I mean, boy?

[Verse 4: DJ Paul]
Now if you warring and running from the Three Six niggas
This forty-five gon' give a reason to sleep, nigga
Or busting massive rounds from SK
My last trip to A-T-L I fucked your cascade
I'm stripping bitches and I'mma baller fucker with a limp
They call me infer-stripper, sexy, red ho's pimp
And quick to sink her on the nigga cause this what it's about
We rob that trick and stick his dick off in his fucking mouth
We Memphis niggas

[Hook 4x]

[Verse 5: Juicy J]
North, north, south, south, Westwood, Orange Mound
Nigga we be smokin' life; never Ch-Ch-Charlie Brown
Memphis niggas in this bitch; pockets full, ya know we bail
Hooked up with my nigga 'Cris, then we head to A-T-L
Playas wild, throwing 'bows, telling chickens, "Fuck you ho!"
Nigga rollin' optimo, snorth that white shit up they nose
Man, this town is like my town, so we stayed and hung around
Juicy J be high as fuck; catch me in the lost and found

[Verse 6: Lil' Fate]
Better use common sense, checkin me off a bitch I can still fuck
End up get'n hisself and his clique wet up by tongue licks behind handcuffin a slut
Bitch Im from G-row What, Southside niggas throw it up when its time to get buck
Niggas in the back of the club posted up, waitin for a nigga thats new so they can tuck
Ass in, ain't no askin, its no tolerance on bitch pro-tect-in'
She wit me comments will only get you placed eternally restin'
So abide by the code of the streets, If you got a bitch better keep her on a leash
Cuz Lil' Fate’ll creep in ya home while ya gone have you comin back findin nut on ya sheets, Go to sleep

[Hook 4x]