[Hook: Notorious B.I.G. sample]
"I grew up a fucking screw-up
Got introduced to the game, to the game then fucking blew up"

[Intro: Ludacris speaking over B.I.G. sample repeated]
Yeah! Dedicated to all my hustlers that's a product of they environment
Whether getting money legally or ILLEGALLY
We gotta do what we gotta do to survive man!
Yeah! Grew up a screw up baby
Got introduced to the game, I ain't took a breath yet
Let's go!

[Ludacris]
Ever since I was an embryo, waiting to shape up and ship out
Something in my brain said, "Wake up and kick out!"
Roberta and Wayne stayed up and flipped out
Cause when I came I was draped up and dripped out
Snip the umbilical, spit the government chip out
Peace up, A-Town down and then I dipped out
And oh my gosh, the Osh Kosh was picked out
I slipped in, even my baby stroller was tricked out
Somebody get him, the little nigga's out of control
Put a little bit of rum in my bottle I'll dream about diamonds and gold
Gold gold, to grow from an infant to toddler was effervescent
The essence of adolescence got my body feeling freshen
Freshing freshing, and it was a blessing to rhyme and start rapping
I was the best in my section with flows hard than erections
Still the best but now I'm grown with more range than a Texan
And I'm a heavyweight you niggas is lighter than my complexion

[Hook]

[Young Jeezy over the Hook]
Luda! What up homie? CTE nigga!
8732, What it do?
Jay double! Let’s get it!

[Young Jeezy]
I grew up right here, round the corner from mailman
And when the first came we was waitin' on the mailman
What you mean it ain't right? You better go get the scale man
I don't trust them anyway, You know them niggas'll tell man
First they run up in your place, now your ass got a case
Crooked ass judge send your ass out of space
8 by 6, now your ass out of place
Your girl ran through your change, Now your ass out of pockets
Speakin' of pockets, mines gots the mumps
A quarter mil' for breakfast, now what's for lunch
I got a bag full of green shit, now where's the blunts
Snuck in through the back nigga, now where's the front?
Dropped out in the eighth grade, Got money eight ways
Yo moms, fuck it I got shit to do
Listen, all you hatin' ass niggas that thought that I wouldn't last
The Inspiration on the way, ya'll can kiss my ass man

[Hook]

[Ludacris]
I'mma be all the way real with this, look
When I came into the game they ain't do nothing but doubt me
Now the whole game's changed and it ain't nothing without me
Picking up my sloppy seconds as they reach for the crown
Only reason you on that song is cause I turned that down
I went from Hot Wheels to big wheels, Hyundais to Bentleys
And five course meals, no more Popeye's and Blimpie's
From alright to handsome, from one room to mansions
From hanging on the block to throwing parties in the Hamptons
From, broke as a joke to rich as a bitch, I bought a
Plane and a boat and six other whips, no MARTA
From dice on the curb to stacking up chips, but harder
From birds on my nerves to chicks on my DICK! Guard your
Women dawg I went from ashy to classy
Went from a, kiss on the cheek to doing the nasty
Reach your hand up in the air and you can play with the stars
It's not the hand that you're dealt but how you're playing your cards
Boy!

[Hook]