[Intro]
I feel fantastic!
I wanna fuck something!
(It's about to be a hell of a night) x3

[Verse 1]
Luda!
Rollin' down the highway
Nothin' for me to do but smoke up if it's a Friday
Break it down, spread it out, nigga, roll up!
And let's see what they about, call them hoes up
Ludacris, man these bitches want my last name
Sip slow but I'm drivin' all in the fast lane
Get the fuck up out my way, man, move bitch!
And quit yappin' if you never wanna do shit
I'm all about it, get your mind right
Been makin' money since before I was in the limelight
Grind right... Bitch what's uuup?
Top down, but I feel like gettin' fucked uuuu-u-u-u-up
I get high but the bass low
A real nigga, what your woman wanna shake for
When you shake it for a baller, better shake it right
'Cuz it's about to be a hell of a night

[Hook]
It's about to be a hell of a night x4
I'm fucked up! (x4)
I'm high as hell! (x4)
It's about to be a hell of a night

[Verse 2]
Club packed, and women gettin' they drink on
Just looking for a reason to get they freak on
Catch me up in the VIP and it's roped off (Why?)
TO keep raggedy ass hoes off
And I'm 'bout to have a smoke-off
Rich nigga, but I'm trying to get broke off
Turn it up as I make the beat break down
Ass up... FACE DOWN!
Yeah, that's still the best way to get it
Down the middle, that's the best way to split it
I'm talkin' money, Disturbing Tha Peace racked up
One too many American black cards stacked uuuu-u-u-up
Backed up and it's on
Don't get beat down to the song
I see these hatin' ass niggas wanna fight
Well it's about to be a hell of a night

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
I'm always looking for trouble to get into
Tell your girlfriend's friends, bring friends too
What you drinkin'? I got it, I pour it all up
Southside, my partners they throw it all up
I don't want a menage, so bitch, let go
I'm tryin'a get three women, play Connect 4
Congratulations, you made it into the Top 5
Your mouth helped me push the Bentley into Mach 5
She got me speedin' in the red zone
Or as Luda like to call it, it's the Head Zone
Heads up! A bread winner, the bread's up
So make a peace sign baby, put your legs up
Is it really that good to ya?
Do you like it when a nigga talk hood to ya?
Do you like a lil' scratch, lil' bite?
Well, it's about to be a hell of a night

[Hook]