What you smokin on nigga, what you smokin on?
What you smokin on bitch, what you smokin on?
I get so.......high
And fall off in the sky?

[Ludacris]
I've fallen and I can't get up
Somebody wake me up!
So high that my eyelids low, feeling like
I'm in a coma - better shake me up
What you wanna do Luda? Shit, roll up
Might as well. AK-47 to the head
And we ain't dead, we just high as hell
You may know about this weed, grass, marijuana
Cannabis, sativa. You may call it cheeba
Maybe reefer, Wiz Khalifa
Smoking on White Moonshine or that Anthrax or that Blue Dream
Spray a little cologne and my clothes smelling like
Versace Blue Jeans
Y'all smoking that huff weed, that dirt shit
That ragamuff, I'm smoking on that home grown
I pass out cause I done had enough!
Or that Sour Diesel, that Northern Lights and that killer Cali
You see me out up in Oahu, Honolulu, smoking that Maui Wowie

[Hook]

Don't fret, y'all niggas need a better connect
You need to get your status up
Y'all smoke that stress, we smoke that shit
That won the Cannabis Cup
Now I'm higher than a satellite
Eating everything like a parasite
Now we in the streets looking for the baddest dyke
To run a midnight train train like Gladys Knight
I'm higher than the prices of petrol
Higher than the balloon after you let go
Cause I'm smoking that loud in a middle of a crowd
And the loud is really louder than techno
I got my weed card on the way to the store to get medicinal marijuana
Luda! Study more Buddha than the Dalai Lama
Grand Daddy Purp, Bubble Gum or the OG kush
White Widow or the G-13, that Irene got your homies shook
But that Jack Herer and the Headband got my homies wild
And the Blueberry Yum Yum's that Fire!!

[Hook]

[Wiz Khalifa]
Smokin' on something grown at home
Sunken, blowin O's
Nigga I'm from PGH but all my weed from Californ'
Can't find the remote control: that's how you know I'm stoned
All you do is call me, I got all the weed, the papers, bongs
Brownies, trippy sticks and vaporizers, we could smoke a bowl
All these niggas smoking weed around me: it's a smoke-a-thon
Crowded and my whip is partly cloudy cause we smokin' strong
You say you can smoke them joints; Probably cause you rolled it wrong
My dollar's up, I'm getting em and I'm folding it
I'm lighting em, I'm hitting em, I'm not holding it
I'm passing em straight to Ludacris and he's smoking it
Security and a nigga that own the bitch askin'