[Verse 1: Ludacris]
Amerie, Ludacris remix!
We sippin' on a little Veuve with the orange label
Hershey's syrup from your lips to your navel
Head coming off the table
I'm willing and able, and love it when you get mad
After ssssss, then wiping you down with warm rags
I'm rich—how did I do it? Man, I take 'em under
It's 'cause I roll craps with Ray Charles and Stevie Wonder
So tell me what you need 'cause it's so important
That I make you feel good like Billy Bob Thornton, c'mon!

[Verse 2: Amerie]
So many things I'm goin' through
So much that I wanna do
It's startin' to become so clear to me
Tomorrow ain't really guaranteed
So many days I've thought of you
It's about time you knew the truth
Got to act quickly, you and I
And fall in love, so many reasons why

[Chorus]
Why don't we (So why don't we)
Why don't we, why don't we (Yeah) Why don't we, fall in love
(Why don't we fall in love?)
It's so many reasons; it's the only thing that matters to me
(Why don't we fall in love?)

[Verse 3: Amerie]
It takes such a load off to let you know
That you're the only one I never want to go
Things I never did now I want to do
A love I never felt, now I feel for you
Why don't I just swallow each and every ounce of my pride?
Everything you do I wanna feel again
Ain't no use for us to pretend

[Chorus]
Why don't we (Why can't we)
Why don't we, what don't we (Why can't we, why can't we)
Why don't we fall in love? (We, we, can't we fall...)
Why don't we, why don't we, why don't we fall in love?
Oh, fall in love

Hey
Come with me
Tomorrow ain't guaranteed, no

[Verse 4: Amerie]
Black lights, stamina, uh, uh, uh action!
You been gettin more butterflies than Mike Jackson
'Cause me and you together will meet as one
I'll fly from New York to LA and beat the sun
My other woman never listens when I wish she would
But I wonder can she hear me now...GOOD!
Tell her I'm a King sippin' Cask and Cream
Your hearts jumpin' like a rabbit on a trampoline
She's got pretty feet, big lips, mean body
I spiced up her life, made her Josephine Johnny
She drippy-drop, wobble, wobble and shake, shake
And every time we jump in the sack she can't wait
To unleash the fury, scratch my back
Then i'm pullin out her hair like track per track
See, I'm an 8 figure nigga, we can ball above
So I'mma Disturb Tha Peace, you can fall in love
I'mma Disturb Tha Peace, you can fall in love

[Outro: Amerie]
Baby, let's be
Why don't we, why don't we, why don't we fall in love?
Why don't we, why don't we, why don't we fall in love?