[Verse]
I got a million flows, I can go silly with those
I got a pocket rocket
Down to cock and chop and pop a nigga that really impose
Niggas that’s wit me is villans in hoodies
That lost all they good and they feelings on road
It’s so appealing, the feeling of killing a nigga that pose
Get Milli Vanillied with those
Turn a beef plate to a cheesesteak
Bitch, I be really in Philly with those
Neck rocky as a blizzard, a nigga flex gotten bigger
My wrist is so chilly, it froze
Really I’m colder than ever, my niggas goin' for whatever
Niggas gripped up, fifth tucked in the snow storm or the weather
Sandstorm or the desert, hands drawn on a Dessy
Leave his whole body bloody
Like shorty done put in her tampon on already
Shooting with a Vietnam cannon out the Peter arm on the levy
See, the charm on already
We go to jail, this shit'll be fine, we’ll meet up with friends
'Cause all of our mans gone-gone already
Nigga the-, nigga the-
I'ma do a three in week, I gave the Jeep the receipt
Either the double-R stitching, it’s that or the Bentley B in the seat
I got my D in a freak, I gotta be in repeat
She wanna eat every morning
I treat it like porridge and gave her the cream of the wheat
And I rock it like P and a B
I don’t cop it less it’s Louie, Gucci on the pocket
Or even a D and a G, 'cause the way that the money piling
I'll be wildin' 'til a nigga make about a B in a week
Fuck niggas hating on me
But I’m Gary Payton, always on the team with the green
And the money counter, 'cause when I’m accounting
It be money coming in and coming out it, paper cut the money
Dummy niggas, I been thumbing out it
Trying not to run up out it in a fist fight
With a knife, nigga brought a gun up out it
Don’t you run up out it, lil nigga
Uh, hit him with a mini MAC
Is he really that bad that I gotta hit him with a bigger gat?
Matter fact, riddle me that
I’m literally at the spot that he said he’d be at, but where is he at?
Like, really nigga? Is you really tellin' me that?
Like I ain’t prepared to hit him with a felony act?
Like, what you thought, I would never react?
Have a nigga lookin' like he tryna fight in Smash Bros
When a nigga put a whole shell in his back
Fuck niggas yelling it back
Niggas get high and start hating on a real nigga
It’s like a nigga smokin' on a jealousy pack
Look, lil nigga, uh
I got the remedy, I got the shooters with hidden identities
Fuck who you send at me
I got a stack on me long as a ruler and centipede
I got that Geneve, I got the energy
I got the money, the power, the enemies
I go to business
I’m asking these niggas for 60 percent of the entity
No one defending me
Niggas is talking, but no one offending me
Niggas know what the result of the end'll be
Niggas won’t know how to find where they men'll be
I'm a way different nigga on Hennessy
I got the recipe, none of y’all niggas sit next to me
Guard where your head and ya chest'll be
I suggest you niggas never go testin' me
I suggest you niggas never go testin' me, nigga

[Outro]
I promise y'all niggas I do this shit in my sleep, it's easy
I come to the studio and just say shit and it comes out that way
You know what I mean?
I promise y'all we down to go 36 hundred thousand rounds with anybody
Let these niggas know that all that rapping fast shit
We can do it too, nigga
Niggas be thinking they got that special sauce
Not today, nigga
Ain't that right, man?
Y'all know what the fuck goin' on, man
Who next? Who next? Who next? For real, who next?
Lemme know, lemme know, I'm off this, I'm off this
Love me now