[Intro: Sean Paul]
Pace them!
In come di ting dem call di remix by the one called Sean de Paul
Tory Lanez, and you haffi drive the gyal dem insane!

[Verse 1: Sean Paul]
Baby girl, you turn me on with your hips
So gwan with the tricks
Love it when you whine and you dip
You know that I want it, you know that I want it
On and a on
On with your lips!
You gone like a it!
Love when you whine and a split
You know that I want it, you know that I want it
On and a on
High like the spliff when it light up
Straight up, bright up
So me make you feel, my girl, so nuh fight love
Me and you together, my girl, a di right stuff
Me get fi found out, you got the tight buff
I'm in love!

[Chorus: Tory Lanez (Sean Paul)]
Everyone falls in love sometimes
(True ting!)
I don't know 'bout you but it ain't a crime
(No way!)
Neefi let me love you, love you, love you for long time baby
(Lift it up)
Neefi let me touch you, neefi let me love you 'til the morning, oh

[Post-Chorus: Tory Lanez (Sean Paul)]
(Give it to me girl!) Mmm, ah, mmm, ah, mmm, Neefi let me love you
(Give it to me girl!) Mmm, ah, mmm, ah, mmm, Neefi let me touch you
(Give it to me girl!) Mmm, ah, mmm, ah, mmm, Neefi let me love you
(Give it to me girl!) Mmm, ah, mmm, ah, mmm, Neefi let me touch you

[Verse 2: Sean Paul]
I love how you move
I love how you groove
You get me into the mood
You know that I need it (Right away!)
You know that I need it, please believe
You set the trend
Start, to the end
You know I need it again
You know that I need it (Immediately if not)
You know that I need it, please believe
So gyal, if you're brave come jump inna mi bed!
Cock it up, jack it up, dig out the red!
You a spit fire, "mi fi push in the lead"
Start up di ting, 'cause you know say mi dread
Run away the boy and call me instead
Him a 'par with him friends like Barney and Fred
But them a watch the game, and them a live lame
And them nuh have no flame, sing Tory Lanez!
Them nah get no bligh...

[Chorus: Tory Lanez (Sean Paul)]
Everyone falls in love sometimes (give love a try..)
I don't know 'bout you but it ain't a crime (girl, you a mi joy)
Neefi let me love you, love you, love you for long time baby (girl, you make me high)
Neefi let me touch you, neefi let me love you 'til the morning, oh

[Post-Chorus: Tory Lanez (Sean Paul)]
(Give it to me girl!) Mmm, ah, mmm, ah, mmm, Neefi let me love you
(Give it to me girl!) Mmm, ah, mmm, ah, mmm, Neefi let me touch you
(Give it to me girl!) Mmm, ah, mmm, ah, mmm, Neefi let me love you
(Give it to me girl!) Mmm, ah, mmm, ah, mmm, Neefi let me touch you