[Akillezz Verse I]

Yeah
Pierre Balmain...
She only wanna fuck with my t-shirt on, uh
The bitch is vicious, I mean, still pose -- black and white pictures
Red lipstick sticks are riddled
Literally littering my apartment floor;
Carpet, draws, and bed sheets she even leaves her tooth brushes
Who fuses this much duchess? I'm cursed
Everything gold becomes 'soon as I touch it; My AP, hair locks
He's hiding that he's royalty
So, how could he not spoil she? I mean her, I mean you're
Berkin up the money tree that's a mean purse
You know the type of chick that leaves her heels on but takes off her jeans first? Uh
That's what I need in my life now
That's what you get with this lifestyle
We touch down Art Basel in a new helicopter
The day that you met her she thinkin' you're eccentric
Bought a whole new whip, won't fix it if it's dented
She said, "Akillezz, you're the new Onassis." So I
Tapped her on the ass, walked past, stopped -- looked over my shoulder and said, "Girl, that makes you Jacqueline."

[Tory Lanez Hook]

Shawty you ain't gotta worry 'bout nothing
Best believe we good
I can get you wet top down on down
Have you ever had sex on a million dollars?
We good
I'm good, I'm good, you good? I'm good, you good
I'm good... I'm good, you good you good
We good
We good

[Akillezz Verse II]

Artwork
She's looking like a fresco, you know? Freshly laid and wet so
I don't need a mirror gotta mural on the ceiling and she sweat slow
What's a careless whisper to the sound of her echo when she let's go? Go
My stroke is so focused that she calls me DaVinci -- guess I got Mona Lisa on my bed sheets? Red lipstick lip prints on her cigarette ends
And she's such a bad bitch but so sophisticated, uh
Then she gets negligent with her negligee
We just got re-dressed but she wants to play, aye
She frisky and we fuckin' now
I get a little rougher, she says, "Cut it out." So I
Get tougher -- she slaps me
She's flustered, reacting, but she loves it
Wants us both to suffer
Somewhere in the middle of the Summer you discover you Love her now you're fucked up...

[Tory Lanez Hook]

Shawty you ain't gotta worry 'bout nothing
Best believe we good
I can get you wet top down on down
Have you ever had sex on a million dollars?
We good
I'm good, I'm good, you good? I'm good, you good
I'm good... I'm good, you good you good
We good
We good

[Akillezz Verse III]

Pierre Balmain...
They see me as a new god; I see them as a nuisance
Poppa was a restaurateur, but me? I'm the Renaissance, but I'm
God-fearing though -- is that a paradox?
This is Hell-ywood where the hell should I go? Oh
They so mundane, he's plain sick of them
They say BallMain; I say Balmain
So high highsnobiety can't Vibe with me, So I'm a snob to these snobs but if you real you gon ride with me [yup]
And I'm young with anxiety thinkin' 'bout my chitlin
So which chick I'm with or if I switch makes a difference
Shake 'em, I'm pimpin'
Rotate and then flip 'em
One night and on to the next bitch, but
Wifey's different
Look at me tripping calling her "wifey" all in my psyche like
Bonnie and Clyde shit
Damn, she's so thorough!
The public's gon love it though, TMZ's gon run it
Celebrity gossip'll squash us
My publicist'll say, "drop her." See typically, I'd say, "I could be Hov if you be Bey, but you ain't Bey and I ain't he, see? Sit ya'self down thinking I'm Brad and you're Jolie, please!"
But now I'm staring at her and she's in my Balmain t-shirt without her jeans on...
This the new Lady and the Tramp and this is our theme song...