[Intro: Trey Songz]
You caught a vibe, vibe shootin' shots, why not?
Hitmaka!
Baby, I'ma do it

[Chorus: Trey Songz]
I'm going non stop, my spot
You caught a vibe shootin' shots, why not?
Tell me the things you wan' do (Tell me)
Baby, I'ma do 'em to you (You)
I'm going non stop, my spot (Yeah)
You caught a vibe shootin' shots, why not?
Tell me the things you wan' do (What you wan' do?)
Baby, I'ma do 'em to you (You, yeah, yeah)

[Verse 1: Trey Songz]
Two hundred bands when I walk through (Cash)
I double backed when I saw you (Ooh)
I play the wave for your chauffeur (Take that, take that, yeah)
We setting goals for the culture (Haha)
She said, "I had a friend" (Friend, yeah), I ain't even know it (I ain't even know)
I'm fucking with you now (Ha), guess she must have blow it
You know the real me (Yeah)
It's more than feelings (Keep going)
Give you that energy tonight (Yeah, come on)

[Chorus: Trey Songz]
I'm going non stop, my spot
You caught a vibe shootin' shots, why not? (Yeah)
Tell me the things you wan' do (Oh, woah, what you wan' do?)
Baby, I'ma do 'em to you (I'ma do 'em for you, yeah)
I'm going non stop, my spot (Yeah, my spot)
You caught a vibe shootin' shots, why not? (Caught a vibe, baby, yeah)
Tell me the things you wan' do (Come)
Baby, I'ma do 'em to you

[Verse 2: Ty Dolla $ign]
Dolla $ign, yeah
Girl, we goin' non-stop (Skrrt, skrrt, ooh yeah)
Lamborghini drop top (Skrrt, skrrt, skrrt)
Valentino top with the Saint-Laurent denim (Oh, oh)
I'ma dick her down, said she want a real nigga (Ooh, yeah)
Dolla VVS your bracelet and your necklace (Ooh, yeah)
Post some pictures half naked, you're so reckless (Oh, no, no)
Tryna threesome with your bestie, if you let me
Sloppy when she gave me Becky, don't be messy

[Chorus: Trey Songz]
I'm going non stop, my spot (Non stop)
You caught a vibe shootin' shots, why not? (Oh)
Tell me the things you wan' do (Aw yeah)
Baby, I'ma do 'em to you (I'm going non stop)
I'm going non stop, my spot (Come on)
You caught a vibe shootin' shots, why not?
Tell me the things you wan' do (Yeah)
Baby, I'ma do 'em to you (You)

[Verse 3: Tory Lanez]
Yo Tory
When I hit, it's in good shape
Ain't nothing better than that pussy, baby
Come let it rain, baby
The way you workin' that dick and you deserve a raise, baby
I gotta say that pussy is cray, I'm feeling a way, baby
Tell me on my tongue, and feel on your waist, baby
Tell me how you want it too
And I can guarantee I'll be the one to give it to you

[Chorus: Trey Songz & Tory Lanez]
I'm going non stop, my spot (Oh, oh)
You caught a vibe shootin' shots, why not?
Tell me the things you wan' do (Tell me all the things that you wanna do, baby)
Baby, I'ma do 'em to you (I'ma do 'em to you)
I'm going non stop, my spot (Ooh, ooh)
You caught a vibe shootin' shots, why not?
Tell me the things you wan' do
Baby, I'ma do 'em to you (You)

[Outro: Trey Songz]
Baby, I'ma do it
Baby, I'ma do it