[Intro]
What's good Sunny? Yeah. Now um, while my beats get louder in the back, I'ma take this time to talk a lil swave to you
Let it marinate. I'm a cute nigga, we know this

[Verse 1]
You a cute nigga if you hatin' 'cause I'm nice
Know that I'm ballin', they call a nigga Jerry Rice
I'm back on my schedule, you know I'm bumpin' in the field
I came off the tour, player, we made 4 mil
Apart from my niggas, you niggas tryna do dirty
I jump in the Beem homie, you know I'm ridin' dirty
It's Canada nigga, I got the country on my BI
Two bad women, I bet I can turn 'em bi
Hol' up, call me Mr. Cash Get It
Orange Lamborghini, lookin' like we classin' up
You're on the phone millionaire, be your last dinner
Tell them goons get my back and they ain't even add niggas
Turn up the speakers pimp and you know it penetrate
I came to the club, I sat that bitch on 28s
I ain't on a budget, you know I'm spendin' money great
But I still go to dinner and I make 100k
Shinin' on my schedule, I spend 90 on my bezzle
And I'm lookin' hotter than an iron on a kettle
80 on my neck and 211 on the bottle
You know swavey, that's the model, so we only backin' models, Swavey

[Chorus]
I woke up, I'm still cute
That's your new girl? She'll do
Old money, mills do
New shoes on the coupe, where the roof?

[Verse 2]
I think that it's time we put you niggas in the lay off
Know that I'm ballin' and put a nigga in the Playoffs
Canada bull ridin', Pirellis in the coupe
Don't gotta be watchin' them jack boys on the stoop
It's money we makin', you know a nigga really get it
And we gon' ball because we stackin' 'til we tippin'
I'm blowin' the money on me, you know I'm gettin' paper
And if you trip, trippin' then I gotta see you later
All the women buggin', she just chucked it for a bill
Baby by the field like we duffin' off a pill
And I'm wearin' Js, 150 for my sneakers
I'm tryna grow my hair, women say they love my features, Swavey

[Chorus]
I woke up, I'm still cute
That's your new girl? She'll do
Old money, mills do
New shoes on the coupe, where the roof?
I woke up, I'm still cute
That's your new girl? She'll do
Old money, mills do
New shoes on the coupe, where the roof?

[Outro]
Yo, I'm so gorgeous. I'm gorgeous, babe, don't lie. It's not my fault, blame your girl for doin' me. Yeah, ay Jae Fresco, what up my nigga?. Old dog, old dizzy. Real shit, nigga. I got that green sweater, baby and I'ma count that shit again. Adidas tracksuits, we all talk, baby. What up Sunny, engineer niggas know what it is. Sunny Diamonds, baby. What up Soulja?. Oh yeah play boy. Naw, baby, put that jacket on. Leave them heels on. Now take it off quick, Swavey, baby