[Intro]
Tory: Ay, yo y'all remembered last summer though, cuz
Man I had this bangin' shorty last summer. Fly too and super-duper cute

Friend 1: Yo Lanez man, I told you about that [?] shit, player

Tory: So what y'all tryna say, y'all don't believe me b? Y'all don't believe me?

Friend 2: Explain yourself

Tory: I'll explain it right now, listen

This is that 90s shit. Yea yea y'all, yea yea y'all
Listen here, it's the freshman o' the year y'all
Like yea yea y'all, yea yea y'all
I got a story to tell, it's right hear y'all

[Verse 1]
Now when I met this one girl early October (alrigh')
Late night clubbing where the girlies not sober
All the Autumn leaves were falling, but it barely got colder
A hoodie season beginner wear, seems we lost quota
I [?] a couple times but my lines crossed over
Told her that I don't drive because I got chauffeured
She took all my rich words and swissed all the mixed slurs
So off a this, I'm thinking yo this is my chick, word
We moved on to dinner dated with the Crouton
To even bigger date, Interstate, with the roof gone
I'm thinkin', yo I really like this girl
[?] got me tryna wife this girl, now-e-e
And since I'm thinking wedding gowns in the future
F them, ye man, settle down with the cuter, Kama Sutra
Sheets up, umbrella upstairs
She lay me on the sofa and took over from there, yea

[Chorus]
Your'e that girl
With the [?] I've never seen
And I swear that your so fine
You send chills right to my spine
So I hope you commit to being mine
My summer girl, oh yea yea
To share with my whole world (know you my whole world)
So my love (oh oh oh oh), you know I need that summer love
That summer love (Let's break it down)
That summer love (yea)
You know I need that summer love (I need it baby)

[Verse 2]
So then I woke up, low cut, fade on my brain
Feel great, engraved her name on my chain
Sweet, One of the same, Her chain, it read 'Lanez'
Had the Cat Woman dance, black braids and red frames
Word is born, listen to the words of this song
Might think a happy ending, well your version is wrong
Yo my love life is close to the dung
I woke up in the morning, couldn't see her like a verse in the song
Shorty was magic
She vanished like a hat in a rabbit
I'm psychiatric, I'm thinking like that chick was attractive
Now I'm looking at the table there
A label there? No it's a letter and it's made to share
I read the letter, it read:
My love, Lanez, had to leave and it's a bummer
But keep me in your dreams, I'mma see ya next summer
For no particular reason, she was leaving for a season
Instead cheefing, I just listened and kept on dreaming, One Love

[Chorus]
Your'e that girl
With the [?] I've never seen
And I swear that your so fine
You send chills right to my spine
So I hope you commit to being mine
My summer girl, oh yea yea
To share with my whole world (know you my whole world)
So my love (oh oh oh oh), you know I need that summer love
That summer love
That summer love (yea)
You know I need that summer love (I need it baby)

[Outro]
Yo son, she was driving me wild then. I was like damn
Know what i'm saying, shorty was like the black Marilyn Monroe for real
She was good from the stay, I was right there. You feel me though?
I'mma see you next summer though Kim, fo real
But until then, you know it's summer love, cause she be driving me outa my mind
Hope I see that bitch next summer, ha ha ha ha
Put me in though