[Intro]
It's painful you know, the situation I am now tellin' my story is not easy to talk about it
But I found a way which I can talk about it through the music

[Verse 1]
Feel me gun, feel me knife
And me bullets to take the life from me
Feel me drugs to try and fight
All my memories of the night and day
I often ask myself to run away
I'm still ashamed that I ain't done it yet
I'm still feel bad from when they come my way
Good livin' in the summer day

[Chorus]
'Cause I'm a war child, yeah
There ain't no love for no war child, yeah
Watch your back, lay 'em down
Pull the trigger, bang
Pull me on the floor, bang me on the kitchen sink
Why you can't fight? Tell me why they have to go
Take me to your village and prepare me for the war

[Verse 2]
Livin' sin, livin' walls
This is my fear now
Mama dead, father cried
Try to find a way to people that like me inside
This the war, ain't no stoppin' now
Bodies on the floor, children on them bodies
When you hear the roar, who is causin' that?
Oh that just be me you must of got me in the eye

[Chorus]
'Cause I'm a war child, yeah
There ain't no love for no war child, yeah
Watch your back, lay 'em down
Pull the trigger, bang
Pull me on the floor, bang me on the kitchen sink
Why you can't fight? Tell me why they have to go
Take me to your village and prepare me for the war

[Outro]
Interviewer: When you were a kid goin' through this stuff, you were goin' through it even as a child, did you lose hope and faith?
Tory: A point where I lose, I want to shoot myself. You know, a couple of times I cock my gun and I put it on my head and
Interviewer: "And how old were you?"
Tory:  I was uh, the time I did that I think I was 11 and a half. And sometime, I don't know what stopped me. Somethin' told me to die, Nigel, don't die because you are shootin' yourself. And that's the situation, one of the situation you know about part of the story I told you I was almost hittin' my friend. There was so many things goin' on in my head. A place, I'm walkin' in the desert, when we had no water and so I was so thirsty and I wanted to finish myself