"Good evening Baron. / Oh yeah what a pleasant surprise. I have expected to see you again but ah not with a sword in your hand. I presume you know how to use one. / I hope that won't be necessary. / I'm sure you do."

"Praising the Lord.."

[Qwel]

Momma broke it down when I was younger
She said I came swinging saying something bout the thunder
Say if you let them better bet they'll take you under
They call him Qwelly belly cuz they know I'm about a hunger
It's lonely for a genius why these suckers talking numbers
I'll flip the script ?? then run um on a cumble but fuck um
Make the ?? karate on a soul song
I whip it cocky like Miyagi with the nose honk
Probably hold a church up off the Henny
The rhyme she kind of shine while the mind be on the penny
So many on the grind got um sounding photojenny'
And she preadin' on the bones, hold the phone and keep it steady
Pick up the heffy, they say get cheesy for the cheddy
A prizzy on my mic while they squeezing on it heavy
Lights camera acting while they sneezing out confetti
Click without the action, keep reacting to the trendy

[Hook]
One or two face, just one came to mind
Some play the fake and then some came to shine
Some refer to murder, perverted they're straight lying
When I think about it killing and none came to mind
[2x]

These whitest rappers sound like robots
It's good to say from here because the spirits just know not
Promise staying true to the mind
Never knew but kill it to it down in studio time
[2x]

[Qwazaar]

One too many trappers turned rappers without enough dope
One too many soap boxes and not enough soap, and nope
They never lie that's why you see them burning numbers
You free to do what it do, do you, if not then do each other.. woah
Think nothing of it, empty bubble up above em
Ok to let'em fake asleep then pull over pillow and smother
I am my brother's keeper, while rolling holding this reefer
Thinking on a cloud chiefing, peeping down blowing ether
Too much blood leaking and leeching, so hard to see that
Promise
Never will I filter, if it's off-kilter, fuck it we gon be that
Never lose a second when we react, my heart is where the beat at
Smash superfool into the crude and put my seat back
Later they'll peel the cape off, but later we gon be back
Illest from the go but on the real they still don't see that
Training for the rematch, see me on the speedbag
I'm cooler than a g rap..BITCH!!

(Hook)

[Qwel]

Nerds say I'm a banger but bangers say I'm a nerd
It's strange the day we came in the game it rained birds
The sane say it's insane, insane say that we're first
Just grinning and my post and boast as they rehearse
It's funny, we came from where they waiting on the first
I'm praying on the bacon, chasing Satan out of Earth
Showing love we've never seen, it's the thing to make it worse
Elevated through the pavement and then lightning made it burst
The thunder sounded underground, the hype just made is worse
The snipers in the cypher's getting ??? at they ??
The merchandise is on the diaper saying life is a script
They kept pretending a lemon's head, a wife and a cliff
And then descending, depending or ??? on the dollar
Or rending ???? kept defending all the scholars
Teachers told the preachers, the preachers sweating out they collars
It's free but never cheap but if you hear me better holler

(Hook)

"No. / I'm afraid this will be necessary. / You're being very foolish. / That's an assumption Baron, you make me the victim even before we start. It's your life. You're assuming again. / En Garde."