"[Good evening Baron. / Oh yeah what a pleasant surprise. I have expected to see you again but ah not with a sword in your hand. I presume you know how to use one. / I hope that won't be necessary. / I'm sure you do](8927849)."

"Praising the Lord.."

[Qwel]

Momma broke it down when I was younger
She said I came swinging saying something bout the thunder
Say if you let them better bet they'll take you under
They call him Qwelly belly cuz they know I'm about a hunger
It's lonely for a genius why these suckers talking numbers
I'll flip the script ?? then run um on a ?? but fuck um
Make the ?? karate on a soul song
I whip it cocky like ?? with the ?? song
Probably hold a church up off the Henny
The rhyme she kind of shine while the mind be on the penny
So many on the grind got um sounding full of jelly
And she spreading on the bones, hold the phone and keep it steady
Pick up the heffy, they say get cheesy for the cheddy
A ?? on my mic while they squeezing on it heavy
Lights camera acting while they sneezing out confetti
Click without the action, keep reacting to the trendy

[Hook]
One or two face, just one came to mind
Some play the fake and then some came to shine
Some refer to murder, perverted they're straight lying
When I think about it killing and none came to mind
[2x]

These ?? rappers sound like robots
It's good to say from here cuz the spirits just know not
Promise staying true to the mind
Never knew but kill it to it down in studio time
[2x]

[Qwazaar]

One too many trappers turned rappers without enough dope
One too many soap boxes and not enough soap, and nope
They never lie that's why you see them burning numbers
You free to do what it do, do you, if not then do each other.. woah
Think nothing of it, empty bubble up above em
Ok to let'em fake asleep then pull over pillow and smother
I am my brother's keeper, while rolling holding this reefer
Thinking on a cloud chiefing, peeping down blowing ether
Too much blood leaking and leeching, so hard to see that
Promise
Never will I filter, if it's off-kilter, fuck it we gon be that
Never lose a second when we react, my heart is where the beat at
Smash superfool into the crude and put my seat back
Later they'll peel the cape off, but later we gon be back
Illest from the go but on the real they still don't see that
Training for the rematch, see me on the speedbag
I'm cooler than a g rap..BITCH!!

(Hook)

[Mane Rok]

Can't expect much out an industry that uses clouded imagery
To tell these kiddies now a days that this is how it's finna be
Instantly, gratification is what they chasing
Impatient - makes 'em go down on enemies
(HUH?!) Yeah, scores of slores
Everybody's gotta price man, of course for sure
But you know "That don't make no difference" if you can't afford remorse
Integrity ain't cheap and ain't support for poor
Record deals for entertainment or the sake of just to say it
See CEO's C3PO, assembly line out the matrix
Sadist say this "Fake it - Make it", leave playlist emaciated
Base bliss in a faceless basis, basic phases evaded (WHOA!!)
A kill list filled with a million skilless
Real shit - what you talking about Willis?!
(Well,) "That don't make no difference" strokes of genius found
Between lines lost on laymans why it seems so profound (Got it!)

(Hook)

"[No. / I'm afraid this will be necessary. / You're being very foolish. / That's an assumption Baron, you make me the victim even before we start. It's your life. You're assuming again. / En Garde.](8927859)"