[Qwel speaking:]
Get your sad angry face on...

[Verse 1:]
It's just lost in time, [the slide?] is mine
The long knife edge a metaphor for a dime
But for the climb, the highest life led, despite his right head
Tries light upon the lifeless, an advice for self-help:
Hell is night spent in ice sweats, dead writer fighting
Heights, the cider-spiking the cycle like cold rain
Hold it tight, life, the lightening recycled in strife
The likeliest [idol?] strike the grimiest model
Sorrow hollows this love, just to run this type [of a bottles?]
And y'all knows who follows
Who wallows hollow from shadows with battle-scarred hearts
And shattered armor borrowed from battle, raffle tomorrows
'How far does this path go?' -- he ask slow
Nobody that he asks knows, the flash in both flickers

We wear darkness like a robe, holding tight on its threads
Instead of shedding light, we just tighten it with the prices we bled
The best in sight since these light switches and slices of bread
Young caccooning, foolish caterpillar, despite what they said
His isolation cloak joked upon the surface it seems
As he reacts and acts according to his purpose for things
Can't understand his urgent urge because it burns and it stings
To be emerged from his furnace furnished with the burden of wings
No longer inching on his ranch, now he's determined to sing
Or better second chance, enhanced at the perfect degree
From out of the blackest isolation, flapping, laughing like:
'I made it, Had to fight, but flight was worth the pain'...
...Bust... plus it faded

[Chorus:]
Find a spider on the web, what's the purpose for things?
When nothing is for nothing, just humming in this circular scheme
Survival on the violent spiral out of mind and cold ways
It's father, mother, sister, brother expanding both ways
To find a spider on the web, what's the purpose for things?
When nothing is for nothing, just humming in this circular scheme
Survival on the violent spiral out of mind and cold ways
It's father, mother, sister, brother, man, expanding both ways

[Verse 2:]
Couldn't grasp the blessings and the lessons, 'til he passed it
If he stopped, the stress would question it, he wouldn't catch it
Drive faster, measure it with math, his path just stuck in [its assets?]
Can fine-tune point, a pointed 'now', without a hollow 'actual'
Bumblebees will flight like life, no matter what math says
When lightening strike the trees, the seeds grow tighter through ashes
Can't behold the flashing photo of the wind, just its actions
Its effect on its path, and acting grasp when it passes
Catch it if you can, but man's heart will probably blacken to trap it
Sell it to the masses or thumbtack it with taxes
Running from the past, past the feudal future, it's madness
To settle down and get this mile wild-child and how we'll catch it

[Chorus:]
To find a spider on his web, what's the purpose for things?
When nothing is for nothing, just humming in this circular scheme
Survival on the violent spiral out of mind and cold ways
It's father, mother, sister, brother expanding both ways
To find a spider on the web, what's the purpose for things?
When nothing is for nothing, just humming in this circular scheme
Survival on this violent spiral out of mind and cold ways
It's father, mother, sister, brother, man, expanding both ways

[Verse 3:]
You wouldn't know it how we act though
Just hacking with axes and passing our passions to rats
Cats distracted with masses
Ask us if we had it, his back all tatted with gashes
To send our [fours?] back to the gasses, malice laughing at havoc
So we craftsmen now, but how whatever happened just happened
The laymen saying its evolution, but nobody's adapting
They're saying she playing it revolution, those funny reactions
The naked ape [sits in solution?] with his money and taxes
And asks us if the problems [past him, he'll detach it he's feel?]
A dead creation in the space as recreation is ego
How evil snickers at the 'all', but just confined in his single
Biggups to bucks that know the deal but kept the bug on the d-low

[Chorus:]
Find a spider on the web, what's the purpose for things?
When nothing is for nothing, just humming in this circular scheme
Survival on your violence, spiral out of mind and cold ways
It's father, mother, sister, brother, man, expanding both ways
Find a spider on the web, what's the purpose for things?
When nothing is for nothing, just humming in this circular scheme
Survival on your violence, spiral out of mind and cold ways
It's father, mother, sister, brother, man, expanding both ways

[Instrumental plays until close of song...]