Maybach music..

[Hook]
Ball
Chevy swerving, cutting through the lane Kyrie Irving. Watch a young nigga ball
All these haters like the 85 celtics verse' the lakers. Watch a young nigga ball
Jumping off the porches with a forty five on me
Michal Jordan watch a young nigga, watch a young nigga


Elevate the motherfucking game

Ball
Chevy swerving, cutting through the lane Kyrie Irving. Watch a young nigga ball
All these haters like the 85 Celtics verse' the Lakers. Watch a young nigga ball
Jumping off the porches with a forty five on me
Michal Jordan watch a young nigga, watch a young nigga



[Verse 1:Stalley]

Old school, new school need to learn the same rules
Receive the same jewels, Eat the same food
I was the dude who practiced, with his back to the basket
So I could be magic. hook shot tragic
Converse is classic, anywhere in the key you shot, I'll match it
That's basic ball, I’m on the block like I'm eight feet tall
Pau Gasol on streets embrace us all
With all our thousand flaws, get the crowd involved
Clp with Fender J. Cross
Youngin with the flash, Chris Paul with the pass
John Wall in the mess
Grab a nigga blind. throw a shine with the bag
A wizard with cash. Turn with ten to a hundred racks. Check the stats
Big O with a big cats, got the O on my bare back
Obstacles I clear that. The Chevy rap i steer that
MVP. speeding 500HB sitting tall. watch a young nigga


[Hook]


[Verse 2: Stalley]

A Cavalier since Larry Nance and Mark Price
I’m from the city where you playing ball or ducking vice
We Lion-hearted  with tiger strips we scared with evil
Learn to shoot the desert E's before shooting free throw
The dope boys and Michal Jordan was the real Hero
They had D on the block like Ben Wallace
Making A-Rod paper, running base big pockets
Loud on the corners. turn the city back notches
Paper tags on the V. Yellow gold watches
We love the Hustle. Eleven rings Bill Russell
Two on the middle finger politely say bumpy
Bad boy demeanor fluke ain't fever
I am maneuver through the sewer
I am ruthy on the last play
In the milk like syrup with cookies in the ash tray
Grindin to my last day. Going long like Peyton on 4th and long
Everybody sing along. watch a young nigga

[Hook]