(Dappy)
I feel like a slaag!
In so bar for too long, time to get tipsy
Don't mean if I buy you a drink now, come later you're gonna lips me
Look girl, dagger then dash it like a frisby
Ay sexy, let me be, tell your boyfriend wait, cheat
I heard he MC's is that true, whats his name?
Fuck all these other funny guys, they're gassed
I can make a killer album then dash
Ba-Barbados splash
We can be together on a boat and mash
Me and fifi make cash
Suttin' them man never make, BRAP
When I was 15 I was told to hold a strap
And if I wanna be a badman run into the gaffa!
Man said his CD was seert!
But when I put it on there, was less lookin at the speakers like 1, 2 ,3
My mum could rap better than that, (YOUR SHIT)
Everything about you, say it like Jordan you've been in a studio all your life
And you still ain't come up with nothin, what are you recordin?
BMT show, not even your dad was applauding
Even da bouncer was snoring (zzz)
You see us man we roll 10 man deep on the tour bus
You ain't tight with your friends, they snake you now your life's boring
Prick had a dream about being a star, did a little video, rented a car
Holding a cigar thinkin jay-z or someones gonna come along and sign him...

(Fazer)
You're a punk that rolls with 25 pricks
Makes a mistake, and end your life quick
Keep sayin you're gonna come to my bits
'Cause you kick wasteman and make dust like..
What?! Narh fam, I don't give a shit
Big man still actin like a little kid
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
It's not my fault your girl's on my page more than yours, little dick
I'm going in more than a little bit

Didn't wanna mention your name to the track but, ayyaaaayy
Fuck you, you fat little shit (fat little shit)
I'm real, on mic I show skills, stop talking about gun, you don't kill
You think your so ill
Been to over 20 meetings and you still ain't got a deal (got a deal, got a deal, got)
You're stalling, I make dough when you're in a bed snoring
Four in the morning, up breath yawning, you might not see me
Can't prevent the world tourin
I'm nineteen and I'm exploring, I'm rising up, you're falling
I'm scorching, you're boring, going full width, not back like forskin
Back then I kick you off the see-saw
Now you gimme it back now you roll with the rebor
You might be old, but I'm stil rogile
Young but I still treat mine like an older
You the type to say I'm getting popcorn tonight
And still hit the sat holding your boner next day
Chat crap to everyone sayin that you banged two holes
You're a joker

(Dappy)
I'm a nigel, straight, you're a fan, like stan on the Eminem track with dido
I remember when I had a runny nose tryna draw down girls at the lido
Then I thought wait, can't knock, gotta break the door
Nowdays at an N-dubz roll, psycho fans camp from the day before
Girls love putting it on the plate, what you hatin for?

(Fazer)
I tell a girl you were linkin (linkin)
She said 'Course, yo, but my man's over there, wingeing'
She said 'I'm on a Blackberry hype, add me tonight'
Shh, baby its a ping ting
Didn't know her man was an MC too
I was like 'what where who?'
Ah, that dickhead ain't even had 4000 views on youtube