How I feel about you....

First verse 1: (MC Shan)

All words but you can see my action are louder, there are times when I don't know if I'm in or I'm out of your mind, but do you feel the same for me? Is this what the whole thing has came to be?
Sometimes I feel like a space you're caught in between or I might not be the person that you thought you seen
See it's something about the truth I learned to accept it.  I tried to hide my heart but you found where I kept it
The heart sees thing the eyes don't catch. Pitch my heart like a bone then you tell me to fetch
It gets to the point and how you love to show that so you think you know it all nah, but i know that
Plenty of time you threaten i'm going. That's right i'm making like the wind and I'm blowing
You just my sweetheart and I don't doubt you but first let me tell you

Chorus
How I feel about You...How I feel about You...how I feel about you... How I feel about youuuuuu

Second verse(MC SHAN)

Let me tell you're my heart we go arm in arm, and I always said you had that old persuasive charm
And when we kiss forget firecrackers try a grenade, when it comes to loving me babe you mastered the trade
What boggles me most is why you're so suspicious of me. And all the time you tell me that you love me
You know the lines the famous ones that left many strung out just like nameless sons
But every time say it, it gets twisted and dented, but one things' for sure I know that I meant it
And when I come home I get "where you been what you been doing? And don't let me find out you been screwing."
Goddamn I was chilling with the fellas and your nosy girl says "yeah sure you was tell us"
Once again you said i'm leaving i'm going that's right I'm making like the wind and I'm blowing
You just might sweetheart and I don't doubt you, but first let me tell you

Chorus
How I feel about you...how I feel about you...how I feel about youuuu...how I feel about you...How I feel about You...How I feel about You...How, how,how..how, how, how, how

Third verse(MC SHAN)

Come to think about it you being tired of me you try to denounce everything that I try to be
Let's refocus, fix the frame and by the way to think about it I'm glad you came
Bust the pimple it's at it's head and how I feel about you there's more to be said
That time when I was rushing late for the flight, so you thought that was jetting and I was out of there right?
I came close but luckily I missed it, waved my hands in the air and bye-bye I kissed it
So I returned just to surprise ya, but I was stunned I didn't realize ya had this look and I was it. I was supposed to be gone yet there was candles lit,but you being oh so smart and so witty said "aah you missed your flight isn't that a tough titty."
It's like you knew you had the dinner fixed, putting two and two together just didn't mix
You got me comfy relaxed and fed me on and on and on and on you led me
Anything I asked you just kept nodding and out of nowhere you asked "Would I beg your pardon?"
And then suddenly the phone had clicked and something said yo you better go and answer it quick
I heard "i got to get off yeah i gotta to," "I'm coming over" you was smart for telling him not to
I played it off like it was copacetic you played me good girl, i got to give you credit
You're free to leave now go ahead go and this is how I feel about you...HOE!

Chorus