[Verse 1: Charles Hamilton]
Yo, it's the heart of Marilyn Manson
Black man in black vans
What's the have to stand of that
Black Sabbath I had to be the man
Rockin' the Ozzy Osbourne of Doctrines
Cats can't seem to cop it, but watch it
Like BET, bet on me I do it easily on every frequency
Too high, too low like treble and bass
Forever wait to step in my face
Like beyond the dead I was inside her
[?] the night, she hit me so I don't give a shit
That's quite honest, miss
I just do what I have to do like the Book of the Matthew
Come first in the doctrine, go back to what I have to do
Rap for you, make sure you know that it this not an option
I get it poppin', quite optin, often, whatever I'm just talkin'
Going off, like Kenny Lofton in the 9th inning
Gotta be the right one, and I ain't write any of this
Gotta be nice within my fitted, gotta be not a wannabe
Gotta be watchin' me, kind of goth again
I just be leavin' my own privacy, I gotta be the nicest off the top
I'm not a wannabe, I said I'm a gotta be
Gothic gotta be, gotta be gothic to have everybody watchin me
I'm believing in the power of magic
I'm receiving the magic within  my power
People aren't believing the madness in the sour that I have to be smokin
To get half as potent as the shit I've been spittin' before
The nigga is raw, might as well sniff it enjoy
Cause this is the kid, boy

[Verse 2: Jackie Spade]
Uh, I should probably use my 15 of fame
To tell you my name and make you think this all off the brain
Say something insane so you go and look up Jackie Spade
He come from the cave, doing his thing
Diving direct from the, to the roads, the records, the Mecca of being reckless, the section where toting Tecs for protection part of your dressin
And I really don't want you to get the wrong impression
I ain't speaking on myself, but you don't want to come up and bang
Now that I got yo attention, y'all need to hear me
The rich getting wealthy, while the poor getting weary
The world gettin' colder, They the judge, the jury
Now a nigga on his come up, gotta keep my bible near me
Glory to god for helping me strive
Always on my side, [?] I ride, protecting my pride
He gonna be my guy, through the valley of lows and highs
Johnny Rest in peace, now watch us feast from up in the sky, ah

[Verse 3: Joyner Lucas]
Uh, yo, what up, what up
What up Dre? What up Khaled?
If you don't know me now
Then you will, dont worry about it
I used to wanna be friends and tell everybody
But now I wanna be mad and just kill everybody
See everybody watching, like
"Who does he think he is?" like
"Who the hell is this kid?" and
"Why the hell is he here?" and
"Who told him we care?" like yo
I'm Joyner Lucas, by the way, hello
You don't remember my face
Or ya'll didn't get the memo?
At some point, I gave all you niggas my demo
You hopped inside your limos and threw it out the window
Man it's no wonder why nobody called and tried to find me
No wonder why nobody flew me out and tried to sign me
They said this game is full of hoes
And then I thought of Miley
They told me "get her while she young"
And then I thought of Tyga
Or Kylie, whatever
I gotta say a few things
And this wasn't supposed to happen
But I made it this way
And now I finally get the chance to hit the stage for the day
And address all the things that I swear I've been waiting to say
Okay let's get down to the itty gritty
You nitty bitty rappers softer than Pretty Ricky
And smaller than Iggy's titties, I shit in your kitty litty
And if I died and came back, I'm bringing Biggie with me
I ain't got no top five
I'm top five of your top five
But I'm not trying
I'm 6'3", you 5'5", but you not Plies
I'm pop-eye, I'm Fetty Wap
With a cocked-eye
You in for a rude awakening, I hope you awake
I went to Meek's crib and told him that I'm cool with Drake
Kendrick told me this is competition, who is safe
And shoutout to my exes, ya'll done made a huge mistake
When am I gonna win an award?
When are ya'll gonna realise that I'm kicking in doors?
When Dre gonna realise I ain't no shit to ignore?
When Diddy's butler gonna come and get my shit at the door?
Huh?
Now YouTube Joyner Lucas, follow me and stay
I hope that Charlamagne'll give me Donkey of the Day
I hope primo never drop no bombs on me
They gonna need some military bazookas and nine armies
Never been running your mouth
Instead I'm putting my gun in they mouth
A thug and I'm coming around
And taking they sweater, they woman, and duck and I'm out
Thinning it out
Somebody calling you out, you ready to move?
Joyner get women, I'm setting the mood
And all of the niggas they get in the booth
I'm telling the truth
So what's an MVP when you strategising?
And what's an STD if you're Magic Johnson?
What's a BET Cypher without me involved?
This ain't even what we all thought it was
We was wrong
Joyner

[Verse 4: Tink]
Mm, yo, look
Come correct when you address me
I'm deadly as an apocalypse
Game full of bitches I chuck 'em no gynecologist
Meaner than the [?] on my [?]
What they monitor heard I heatin' them
Now they eyeing me like thermometers
Please, competition let me know cause I'm waiting
You let me up with any man then I burn them like [?]
Tommy Hill can't forget bout my figures
Now put the paper in the glass cause the cash I be chasin' like liquor
Come on, and they upset as if they [?]
Use to be emotion, now they breakin' like a red light
Strawberry niggas know they pocket full of shortcake
See me in the hood jewelry on me like a court date
No court date, but we bangin' them hammers
We come through leave your body in a suit like you [?]
Don't [?] you, know black don't crack, tell BET to keep it real
Ain't no cypher without Tink in the back