Ayo
I really like my name
I really fuckin' like my name

[Verse 1]
They say I try too hard to be different
Well bitch, I beg to differ
Tell every hater to head for the zipper
You hate me? Then you never were a listener
It's that deep, I swear my logic is mad logical
But cats got it all backwards like I'm comical
Only thing at stake is a pasta bowl
But I know, "Charles you gotta have the hottest flow!
Take a look at your artists, you can't stop the show"
That's why I put them on, the show stopper flow
Kinda like a Rucker player, but not as slow
Kinda like a NBA player, but not a ho
More like David Stern with claustrophobia
"Charles, we know you love attention, but all the phony stuff?"
Okay, I'll relax and be a citizen
But don't frown when I get up on my shit again

[Hook]
Charles Hamilton
Some kinda wonderful
Some kinda somethin'
Somethin' else
Boy, you somethin' else
Boy, you somethin' else
Conceited futhermucka, now aren't ya? Now aren't ya? Now aren't ya?
Conceited futhermucka, now aren't ya? Now aren't ya? Now aren't ya?

[Verse 2]
It's the Youtube legend, the she in he's clothing
Won't beat a ho, but leave a ho speaking slowly
Won't be a ho, so leave me alone
Until I receive a note saying "We see your focus" coming from
Whoever has the most money to provide
For my weed habit and my sample beat-making craft
Hi, I was Edgar Allen Poe in a past life
Instead of rapping, I just wrote about the fast life
Morphed back into Houston for the music
Only to find that society was abusive
Oh I get it, y'all only want true shit
Okay, so I could've been the hottest in music
Then I wild'd out - or did I?
For some reason, I thought it was organized
Here we go, more of the lies
Hop off the organ that resides between my thighs, nigga

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
I stay in my home playing the Roman dictator
Paying no payment to my statue of Raven-Symoné
That's so Charles Hamilton, a majorly creative way of saying
I spend most of my days alone
Just hating on the game that I happen to have mastered
You rap bastards mad 'cuz I spaz and have what matters - character
But while I'm all morally intact
You all go balling in your Cadillac
Fact: My swagger is that of a little league batter
Strike out or home run, there's still laughter
So who's madder, the pitcher or the catcher?
Answer: the dad that had to listen to you bastards
Yackety Yack, don't come back with an attack
Just ask yourself if you even ready for that
My balls said my voice is too heavy to rap
So these padded walls said I should be rapping all day, that's crazy

[Hook]