[Verse 1]
I dont need to get a BET award
Hip Hop is fickle, and I get easily bored
But MTV shoulda had me on they list
Either way, I'm happy I'm not in the midst of this shit
I don't rap, I nag sipping moon shine
Like a bitch on her rag in the noon time
When it's June time, the rap Tony Bennet
You niggas visit the soul, and be going in it
Hollywood joke, so demented
But these faggots gotta know that I meant it
I'm verbally the Jim Crow laws
'Cause only real niggas gonna get my dope bars
In essence, I'm Dr. King's shooter
I just blacked out like Dr. King's future
Oh, you rappers say you got a dream, do ya?
Now go get a dollar, play lottery, booya

[Hook]
Arrogant
Militant
Everything you wanted in a young black man
Arrogant
Militant
Everything you wanted in a young black man
Can't help that I'm addicting
Can't help that I'm addicting
Can't help that I'm addicting
I'm just hotter than y'all
Hotter, hotter than y'all

[Verse 2]
You're now listening to Protestant Charles
Obvious to y'all, that I body such laws
Hockey puck fucks, I'm Mario Lemieux
Cool as a Penguin, you like "What are we gonna do?!"
Bitch call the Rangers to blam me up
Yea yea, blah blah blah, Stanley Cup
Ya mom be giving wop, nigga ante up
Get smacked and look at mop, Damn he's nuts!
No, the fucking clock went off in my head
Cuckoo, the block is soft when I'm dead
True blue, word to twenty-two
Apartment in the hood, I'm still there
What'cha gonna do?
Ringing Mary's doorbell like, comin' through
I'm on a mission white lady, and I'm hungry too
Go to the sixth floor and see me waiting
Looking at myself like "Yo, you see me hating?"

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Everybody think that Barack is Osama
Well, I think a fucking lot, what's the problem?
I think Hefner is dead and got stunt doubles
He's fucking rich and got bitches, he can stunt double
The White House is Al-Qaeda, who want trouble?
Michelle got hair on her skirt? Raise the terror alert
President getting some new dome?
Bring the troops home Not hard to figure out, it's Ju
The old Genesis game or just bored on the stoop
I think the whole fucking war was a loop
Perfect excuse for those who tour in a coupe
Oops, am I not supposed to know?
The air bag popped, was it not supposed to show?
All supporters, give me a sign
All haters shoot yourself and give me your mind, bitch
That means die

[Hook]