[Intro]
I don't want no trouble
Just writing songs

[Verse 1]
Used to be a girl, grew up to be a man
Screwed up in need of a hand
Nothing but greed in the land
Creeping with fans only females of course
Boys are still yucky I see males and don't care
Stuck behind the keyboard writing with free nails
On my death bed writing emails
Business partners love my creative ideas but say please sell
My genius in the spotlight can be held so I
Sit ostracized making futuristic music
Moving with the groove of unusual tombs
Strange things like thinking rumors are true
My name means what it means but what's truer to you?
Rush, the crib plush with the beautiful view
But discuss what the beautiful view can do for you
Through and through I threw the towel in still scrapping
Pill packages are still thrilling my appetite

[Chorus]
I need to stop, and think about the music
The music that you love ... that you love
You need to stop, and think about the music
The music that you need ... It's what you please
We need to stop, and think about the music
The music that you know ... that's all you know
So let's can stop and think about the music
Sit back keep grooving to the music
Grooving to the music x3
Oooohhhhhhhhhhoooohhh!

[Verse 2]
I want to teach little girls to be less slutty
Just because he loves you doesn't mean to have sex trust me
Teach little boys to be the leader of the house
Even if the dad is there know what he is about
I wish the corporate world wasn't jealous of poverty
Jealous to stop believing when credit and philosophy
Stretch what cannot be seen and pressure it to not be free
Ever since the hockey scene getting put in check
Been looking for respect whole life looking left
So right so I write my book is a mess
Mute button I press, take a breather
Never mistaking either ATM is a paper feeder
Leave it to me, the paper reader
I can send a free music fan into a record store paper eater...
Either that or just a great believer

[Chorus]
I need to stop, and think about the music
The music that you love... that you love
You need to stop, and think about the music
The music that you need... It's what you please
We need to stop, and think about the music
The music that you know... that's all you know...
So let's stop and think about the music
Sit back keep grooving to the music
Grooving to the music x3
Oooohhhhhhhhhhoooohhh!