Charles Hamilton..
Hear me?..

[Verse 1]
Good morning sunshine, did ya sleep good?
Since ya moved in here, do ya eat good?
Do I kiss good? Do I beat good?
Winter time, do I come with the heat good?
Don't ever wonder, I take it to the max
Well, I take it past that, then I take it back
Well, tell me what the hay ya make it that
First day I made up a rap, me and music made a pact
I promised that I would be good to she
And she would do whatever she could for me
And I do know looks deceive
But I knew what it was when she gave that look to me
Rest, questions get put to sleep
So when you hear the baseline, look for me
It's not that hard to see, It's all from the heart with me
Start to believe

[Hook]
The music told me she loves me
And I believe her, cause I only need her
She's my baby, I'm her baby
A supersonic baby, a supersonic..
A supersonic baby

[Verse 2]
Dropped out of high school, never went to prom
Too busy cuttin school, buzzin on the intercom
Whatever friend was on, and same high as me
But I was still somethin that I didn't try to be, me
So the music will never lie to me, I believe
Fightin sleep, cause that night we creep
All because of the rhythm that's inside our feet
We might just be kinda deep in the life
But why do we try to breathe
Easy baby, you killin me, my Lord
You shine brighter than a Billie Jean sidewalk
So even if I didn't have the mic on
It would still mean I could killa when I write songs
I say a song cause I mean my prom
I'm still alive cause it's killin me to write songs
Which direction am I on? Am I on?
Oh wait, this is my song

[Hook]
The music told me she loves me
And I believe her, cause I only need her
She's my baby, I'm her baby
A supersonic baby, a supersonic..
A supersonic baby

[Verse 3]
Swimmmin in the groove, pretty women in the nude
Listenin to instrumentals get a nigga in the mood
Gettin visions of shit I didn't do
Cause the shit I did do is the shit I went through
So the inner visions of gettin the pictures
Of me just sittin, sippin somethin totally different
I'm in and out a woman's kitchen
I walk in the room and she assumes the position
When I finish hittin she gives me some shit to listen
To, get my laptop, get to flippin
Get the pen and commence to flip the sickest written
And it continues, yes I see ya starin'
With the M-U-S-I-C, I'm her man
And we been through the stress
I need to plan for the big moves
Bless ya'll, peace
And to the haters, let Charles be
Then again, bless ya'll, ya'll distress Charles Lee

[Hook]
The music told me she loves me
And I believe her, cause I only need her
She's my baby, I'm her baby
A supersonic baby, a supersonic..
A supersonic baby