Uh
Turn the music up a little now
Uh huh
Hahahaha
Uh
It's all in my head, huh?
Fuck it

[Verse 1]
I think I got a complex
Cause most of my thinking is complex
But most of you think that it's nonsense
My music is honest
Reflective of the thoughts that I get
Let me run it back if you lost the concept
I work hard for no glory like Louis Gossett
This life is the illest movie you can watch yet
Got to make sure all your moves are constant
Or lose your Franchise like the Houston Rockets
If you don't understand it then use some context
Clues to comprehend the news I got yes
Dudes could plot but I move so God Damn
Smooth I'm a rumor the newest Loch Ness Monster
I ain't commercial. No Sponsor
No promotion overflowing, no concerts
Just me and the beat, read it and weep
The only nigga writing rhymes on my team roll deep in a jeep
Music on my mind, they OD on the free
Yeah I know they looking at me like "He is a geek."
But my goal to win a Grammy can't be easily reached
So if you are or you ain't believing in me God Damnit..

[Hook]
I don't care either way
There will be Brighter Days

[Verse 2]
My ladybug said that I hide behind music
I said hell yeah bitch why would I do it
For any other reason I am not stupid
You won't be on my dick if my rhymes were not fluid
"Do you love her Charles? Did you cuff her?"
Nah, I just fucked her raw busted a nut across her fuckin' stomach. (Ahh)
Took out some old records and dusted them off
Made a beat and wrote about a hundred bars why you can't fuck with Charles
"Charles there's cum on my stomach!"
I'm busy bitch wipe it off with your fucking bra
And if you don't like it don't give me a fucking call
Fuck school, fuck work, fuck the law. (Fuck the law.)
Fuck rules, fuck church, fuck it all! (Fuck it all!)
Fuck your monogamy, I fucked your girl. My lifestyle needs a lifestyle
Fuck the world. Fuck your morality, fuck what you stand for, fuck your opinion
Fuck what your man thought
I don't need shit but my fucking pink jansport
So fuck you stuck-up niggas get fucked with a tampon
I love pink, I don't give a fuck about Cam'ron
And if I should get fucked up..

[Hook]
I don't care either way
There will be brighter days