[Verse]
Ayo it's A-Game, and I'm back up in the mix
You thought I quit with spittin', but I'm back up in this bitch
I'm feeling good like a gambler stackin' up his chips
Know the people in my circle got my back and that's the shit
Started in the 941, then moved into the 813
From Bradenton to Tampa best believe I'll leave a legacy
I fuck with Molly, but this music is my ecstasy
I got the lyrical recipe to make a beat rest in peace
Been on my grind with this rapping shit since seventeen
I started way before that now I chose it as a specialty
The fun got my sidetracked; had to learn a lesson, see
The party hard lifestyle really ain't what's best for me
But no hate, I stay in my own lane
Fuck with Molly, purp, and Lucy, here-and-there I fuck with cocaine
Still party hard but I don't do it as much
And that's what's up to tell the truth? I even went and did a month (of what?)
Cold turkey didn't even fuck with anything
Mollz and weed addicted felt like I needed to make a change
Took it upon myself to go and find myself some better things
And now I'm feeling fresher than an all-gold pinky ring
Wild animal, don't know how to act
That's why I fit with Zoo Crew I'll help to put us on the map
Even though we're not together I still rep it in my raps
Keep it real and put in work, while the rest sit on their ass
Much love to my crew Z.C
Over the years we had our issues settled it up on a beat
Spitting heat, while everybody else would make excuses
Not to do shit, man it's stupid I just wanna make some music
That's true shit, I'm ruthless on a beat; rest in peace to Eazy-E
And every other rapper who could spit and leave a beat deceased
Pimp C, Pac, and Biggie yeah the list goes on
But my favorite thing with music's that you live on in songs
And R.I.P. to Stitchez, Mental Ward is fucking tatted on me
Fell in love with music yeah this rap and me we matrimony
Do it for the love, but I want my cheese and macaroni
Success is the best, but it turns many to wack-ass phonies
No love for a fake, enough said
Everyone's the same, mindless zombies like The Walking Dead
Rappers dropping crap, and it's sounding like a sloppy mess
A diamond in the rough is what I am when I be talking, bet
You got a problem? Like a house we can address it
Say it to my face, if you didn't get the message
I love music, yeah this shit's what I invest in
You could even say me and this microphone are best friends
And it is what it is - I've seen a lot of shit
And I'm still just a kid - I'll tell you what I meant
Have myself some enemies and wannabe friends
But the real ones I know will stick around until the end
While the fakes fizz away like a roofie in a drink
The ones you thought were real? Could disappear within a blink
Makes you think about the loyalty, it's got me on the brink
Of just saying "fuck 'em all" and solo dolo my own thing
But like I said I know my people have my back
And the feeling is mutual and they know that that's a fact
I got homies round the map, even in the 313
Down here in 813 and 941 I got the Z.C
I don't talk tough on Facebook, come see me
You got beef? I'll call you out and give you my new CD
Believe me, I'll spit a flow below freezing
You can knock me down, but you never can defeat me
And anybody in my life who's done me wrong
Know that karma is a bitch and that bitch can hit you hard
She can hit you tenfold in the chest, better wear a vest
Also while you're at it, best protect your head and neck
And to speak of that? This goes for Rhino and Lil Sneak
And every other crackhead who was chilling at the scene
Enjoy your little prison sentence, as soon as you leave?
I'll be waiting at the gate and making sure you get your ass beat
You tried to rob my parents blind?!
You thought you'd get away? But you ain't realized
The fact that you faggots told me you be hittin' licks
I'll catch you fucking slipping, beat you like a little bitch
Fuck these little kids thinking that they're hard, thinking that they're Bloods?!
Take a plane to LA and try to front like you a thug
Cause a real mothafucka's gonna bust you with a slug
You say that I am too harsh? I say that I don't give a fuck!
That's true shit, when you see me? Never do shit
You're talking really hard, but all your talking is just useless
Yeah you yap a lot, you thinking that you're hot
But your girl is up on everybody, you can't tame a Fox, hah!
I keep my mouth closed, I don't gossip shit
Forget a drama starter, if you asking me that's ignorant
Mature and grow up and maybe then you'll get the picture
Or otherwise you're finding out that no one's fucking with ya
Last 4 lines it's time to wrap it up
And if you liked the song, mad respect cause that's what's up (thank you)
I'm just trying to make it, see I'm trying to make a buck
My success will be measured by my tears, sweat, and blood, what?!

[Outro]
One take bitch! It's A-Game!