[Intro]
Charles Hamilton!

[Verse]
I feel blessed to even feel this stressed
I still get deep, breathing, screaming in distress
This trust of what lives in us
Is what brings me to this mess, get it yet?
Sometimes being alone is not a worry
But other people don't get it, so I gotta worry
Am i the only one sane anymore?
I think i am, but the game isn't sure
My brain is impure
Maybe it's crazy, but you've been waiting for more
No mistake in breaking the pavement with every statement came in the door
Aiming for more, than a name or an award
If the day comes then i should get it, thank you for sure
But i just want to change what you ignore
That could be me if you never heard of my existence
If it's too absurd then i am tripping
I guess i murder minds with this shit
Twisted, what this is, not even my sickest
I just want you to witness the shit i live with
Gifted as the census don't miss it
Not my fault i want to do something different
Im not to be faulted, im not to be fucked with
I gotta be up this mountain ya'll are watching me
Does this appear as a reality show? cool, so why these rappers wanna battle me though?
They're little toys, where the fuck they battery go
They just mad they can't go as fast as he goes
He is i, i am him, please reply while i grin
Psychosis is why im wildin again
But this time i gotta it under control, because i create everything i wanted to know
Cold hearted like the woman on that kanye shit
Praying that i get bodied on that beyonce shit
If you dont understand, then do not say shit
Cause i am the one you should not play with
My heart is on the line, your heart is on my mind
The stars are intertwined with every thought that's in my mind
And often i can find, something awkward that can blind, under mine
What's going on in my thunder mind?
One main thought, is pure love. I know i ain't the only one. Word up
I want miss imagination to exist
Waiting for her to get, away from all the shit that blocks
This ain't all about love. It's about sanity, it's all about us
As a people. Something got to drive you, the desire to be naked or rock a nice suit
Prophesied who can bring the shit your missing
I am not surprised that who need an intervention is it
Is it intervention that i need?
Or an abundance of the worlds best weed?
Either way, it doesn't take me from lady luck or god
Come on girls, test me...

[Bridge]
I don’t know anymore
Should I stay or figure out if I should should go to the morgue
Somebody tell me! Please somebody tell me!
I see a woman in them Hollywood lights
It feels real and I hoping I'm right
If not so what? If so, I’ll go up
And...I’ll pull the moon out of the sky for you
If you would promise me, a love that’s true