[Intro]:
By now you should know my name
(Charles Hamilton)
Here we go
Im feelin good
How you feelin'?
How you feelin'?

[Verse 1]:
In a class of a few but I'm gonna excel
I'm gonna prevail till I'm numb and I'm pale
But way too much color to be covered in blankness
So I gotta show enough love to the ancient
What's fucked up is some stuff is pretend
And it gets mixed with the stuff smothered within
Plug it in plug it in get a fresh scent
But when the sin is gone, the innocence gone
Too strong ya nose bleeds to weak isn't a question
The end of a gesture but in every sense a protector
Visit a septic tank to get in the shit that he isn't getting stressed with
But the mere thought is reminiscing to a man who don't possess clear thought
The price of fame all the luggage that fear bought
Where you goin' with them bags and a bottle?
Reply going somewhere by you, andddd

[Hook]
That's just how it goes baby
That's just how it be baby
That's just what it is baby
That's just what it means baby
Take a take a listen to me now baby (x4)

[Verse 2]:
It's like a witches brew to listen to
Except a sip or two isn't as sick as what this shit could do
If you listen to the whistle you would trip into this little pool of living in a teapot
You're in a tee, some jeans, some DC's and you gotta whistle to yourself cause the beat's hot
You say the beat is nuts
I say you've been tee-bagged you finally get it and say please stop
C-ham is ill and if you take a sip of that you will see what I'm on
So nasty that my teeth rot
Are you following me?
Are you following me? ... Not
You got lost
Socks and draws I'm doing laundry
Call me when you want me
Want me when you need me
Want this to be easy? So do I
I want you to believe me
Been frontin' since the BC

[Hook]

[Verse 3]:
Breakin' this track in the places
So what you crack and make ya track skip
Is basically what happens when I break on the track
Paper relax I got my blackberry
Do I type fast? Very
But I write fast that's scary
Besides, the view of my thumbs is the truth
I get flashbacks of how my mind would run in the booth
And y'all niggas just ruin the booth
Super slow running and honey Winnie the Pooh-ing this youth
And who's the loser who can maneuver the coupe?
But only when imagining driving
So this rapping is wildin'
So fuck whoever is rapping behind him
Hamilton, Charles in front the accurate line-up
My fault for packing ya time up
With such spectacular rhyme stuff
I'm up, up and away
Go play, OK?
Just deal with me
I'm a cold day, Hombre

[Hook]