(Womanizer, Womanizer, Womanizer)
(Womanizer, Womanizer, Womanizer)

Ladies, ladies, chill. I’m not an asshole
I mean I rap so what I rap has to go where you feel it the most
Listen to me close
Feel yourself float as you listen to me coast
I ain’t trying to be nothing that you ever felt
I’m trying to be the one thing that you never felt
If you know it but you never experienced
Here’s a little dosage of the better experience
Close your eyes feel the rhythm enter your soul
It feels too different and you wish you were home
Cause you can’t do this shit alone
So I grab your hips
I know you feel it you imagine it
My imaginary daughter says her Dad’s the shit
Cause when she hears this grown up I know her ass will flip
I’m ain’t a Dad for shit
But I know who to keep my girl away
Look in the mirror. Take 1

If I watch porn then they say I’m a perv
If I flirt they say I got a way with the words
I can’t win. Can I not be the bad guy? Huh?
That’s why I got tight when she called me a
(Womanizer, Womanizer, you’re a Womanizer)
She called me
(You’re a womanizer, Oh you’re a womanizer, Womanizer)
Nah-uh, Nah-uh
(Womanizer, Womanizer, Womanizer)
Nah-uh

Second scene, we pan from the mirror
I had to write a script so I can plan for it clearer
I notice a familiar reflection
Oh shit it’s me with no fear of rejection
Just me, pure form
I don’t think I’m all that attractive
I look good to my satisfaction
But I guess this new-found confidence I present
Has women thinking I’m some kind of pimp
I must be honest miss
I have the oddest kiss
I ain’t popping shit, I’m really doing the opposite
You rock your hips and tell me that I’m flirting
So when I do go in best believe that I’m working
I ain’t got no G because my name starts with a C and it’s perfect
I’ma have your ass fiending for me to work it
Go so deep that I hurt it
We still in the second scene so in step 3 I berserk with it

If I watch porn then they say I’m a perv
If I flirt they say I got a way with the words
I can’t win. Can I not be the bad guy? Huh?
That’s why I got tight when she called me a
(Womanizer, Womanizer, you’re a Womanizer)
She called me
(You’re a womanizer, Oh you’re a womanizer, Womanizer)
Nah-uh, Nah-uh
(Womanizer, Womanizer, Womanizer)
Nah-uh

How I’m your favorite lover?
Why do you make me smother?
You said we just friends you acting like a baby mother
Can’t be my baby mother when I threw away the rubber
Great excuse to make me stay, go’head make another
And plot to get me fucked up by your gangster brothers
It’ll make you feel good right?
To have a nigga from the hood put my lights out good night
Cause I gave you the good pipe
I was your everything then I disappeared cause you looked twice
Hey I wasn’t gassing you I said you looked nice
When we first met I ain’t say I was your hubby-to-be
It was your choice to start fucking with me
Love shouldn’t be a game but you fighting me miss
And I happen to be the nicest at this
I’m just writing this shit
License to get tight at me quick
Face it I am the shit
In my life do you fit? You decide