[Verse 1]
I rub my fingers through the sand while I think about ya
Need to be around ya, need to see what I could do about movin' out
Never losin' out, who's about to be the meaning..
Can you pronounce me?
Fuckin' did it without tryin'
Outsiders in, no outsiders in my house now just two of us
Bill withers..
I deal with ya 'cause I don't wanna kill niggas..
For real, did you notice a change in my demeanor
Towards the people who force me to be more than the force in this orgy in orbit
Lower than over to propose into sin clair, sick of living single I been there
Love land baby we in there, swim wear
The beach is in air we need to get there
Weed and chips when we get there
Big stairs to step up on, but what's wrong with..

[Hook]
Jumpin' in a cosmic hop scotch, baby how you feelin' tonight
When you're in a hop scotch only two options, left and right
My love is in stereo, baby
Your love is in stereo, baby
Our love is in stereo, baby
L-U-V-E, in stereo, baby

(verse 2)
I see myself gettin' lost in ya retinas
Glossy with a spectrum of bossy and direction
Awfully respected but been awfully disrespected
Only because of the sexual organ she stepped with
And clearly been blessed with
Beauty is in the eye of whoever polish ya mind, starship enterprise
Y'all didn't get surprised, did ya? Why?
It isn't a lie, I'm just spittin' what I'm livin'
So I can dig it if guy spittin' with the lying quickness
The way you can get with conniving bitches dying from richness
Not 'cause you buy they sickness but wanna understand why they bitches
And why they don't understand why they cannot be women
And I only like flying with my mind
In silently shivers.. And I deliver
She is mine and I am with her

[Hook]
Jumpin' in a cosmic hop scotch, baby how you feelin' tonight
When you're in a hop scotch only two options, left and right
My love is in stereo, baby
Your love is in stereo, baby
Our love is in stereo, baby
L-U-V-E, in stereo, baby

[bridge]
I block it all out of my mind and just think about you
(wish I could think about you some more
Wish I could think about you some more
All I do is think about you)
And I hope you understand I just wanna be true
(wish I could be with you some more
Wish I could be with you some more
Only wanna be with you)

[Talking]
Y'know.. Maybe I do talk more than I need to..
(only wanna be with you)
But.. Fuck it..
(only wanna be with you)
I like the misunderstanding feeling..
(only wanna be with you)
Gives me somethin' to dream about..
Like you..
(only wanna be with you)
I love dreaming about you
(only wanna be with you)
And I wish I was with you right now
(only wanna be with you)
So I'm just gonna look up and I'm gonna find one of those..
(only wanna be with you)
Light blue light things and I'm gonna wish upon it..

[Outro]
(Only you, only you
I miss you
You are so stellar to me
Just like a star
Where ever you are)
Heh, whatever..
Y'know I'ma just.. shut up..
The view is fucking retarded up here, haha
Wish you were here
Where ever you are you're having a stellar time..
Charles Hamilton...