[Verse 1: Adverse]
I wish a hit of the weed could keep my system real clean
When’d the world become so fucking indifferent to me
Make a killing collectin’ rent from demons livin’ with me
It’s like Don Glover’s notes on Instagram were ghost written by me
Lived these 18 years of my life like my wrists couldn’t bleed
Now I’m even testin’ those waters, dippin’ my feet…
Maybe I’m the blind one n they don’t see the visions I see
The world around me goes deaf as I revisit my screams
H-E-L-P I even tried shiftin’ the keys…
What will it take to make them listen to me??
All alone again, table for one, sit there and eat…
Not even worthy of the company that misery keeps
Your lack of presence lately has been getting to me…
I wish angels with their wings were like fish in the sea
N’ there were more to choose, but you’re the princess for me
Now I’m up here with expectations u haven’t risen to meet
Like…

(Hook x2)
You said you’re for me
This one’s for me
Lemme show how it’s done
Lemme show how it’s done

[Verse 2: Adverse]
I’ve broken bonds, even with those whom I shared the most
And there’s no coming back from tearin’ those, no Derrick Rose
Nothing in life is promised, I keep living but I’m scared
I’m as insecure as an atheist that’s living on a prayer…
You can hear my ghosts on each kick and every snare
Haunted memories that seem to follow me everywhere
Can’t escape these thoughts, they won’t let me breathe
Like I’m trapped in a box, where I live and never leave…
Constructed from the hatred and doubt I’ve shown myself
Inside it is a climate that tends to be cold as hell…
Shining down upon my cell is a fucking frozen sun
In a world where temperatures never touch 41…
These 4 walls have run out of space to beg for sympathy on
Homeless, Lived in the past now our history’s gone…
Whoever said that love doesn’t know distance is wrong
You’re out of reach but I’ll always feel your kiss through this song

[Hook (x2)]

[Verse 3: Weirdo]

[Hook (x2)]

[Verse 4: Weirdo]

[Bridge: Charles Hamilton samples]
It’s real deranged, am I still the same?
Just because love made me feel this way?

First kiss was as sweet as the last goodbye

Shorty I love you

I just want to be loved

I really just want love at least with one person

[Hook (x2)]