[Intro]
Uh, It's Charles Hamilton, Uh!

[Verse 1]
My face gotta look familiar so
I don't conceal my face, keep it real fa'sho
Even though a lot of cats wanna steal the flow
I still will glow, infinite kill the no
-i-s-e, I'm blessed to be
In my fly ride, sky high, time let me
Exaggerate, I ain't pushing a Beamer
I be in my rhyme book writing hooks in the meanest
Genius bars, any book that I be in
Will see me as a dream and king dean of every school you can teach in
Rules from the deacons
Get overruled when I peep them
And I don't think they cool, tell 'em "keep them"
Far from a loser, I move with distinction
Dude in the pink be abusing the ink pen
Safe to say that I'm, safe to say that I'm

[Hook]
It's great to be here (Great to be here)
It's great to be here in your arms (Back where I belong)
Baby, baby, baby, baby oh!
It's great to be here oooh! (Great to be here)
It's great to be here in your arms (Back where I belong)
Yeaaaah!

[Verse 2]
Hate it or hate it a lot, I'll make my way to the top
So this is to the haters making paper a lot
I lay in my place spaced out
Making a way to break away from the day to day
Without, shaking the pavement, okay?
So maybe when I blatantly say to stay away
You'll understand that that's because I'm sick of what the haters say
And I ain't tryina snap at all, after all
Charles didn't get picked out in a casting call
Any auditions I did will be depicting the kid
As something different and this shit is a trip, ya dig?
Nigga it's because my living's a trip
Being a listener isn't a hindrance, it's a gift
The difference is it will potentially give you a kick
If you listen to ignorant gibberish from these niggas
Wishing to get what you give
Spitting pictures into your wig
This is what it is, wish for something big... Ya dig?

[Hook]
It's great to be here (Great to be here)
It's great to be here in your arms (Back where I belong)
Baby, baby, baby, baby oh!
It's great to be here oooh! (Great to be here)
It's great to be here in your arms (Back where I belong)
Yeaaaah!

[Verse 3]
I don't even be wanting to admit that I be running shit
I'm gonna spit something sick that whether you wanna get it or not
You gotta admit that it's hot
Twistin' my lyrics into shit that could make you wish that you were
Still in a box
Pine box, non-stop because, why stop?
My mind's got a lot of time on my jock
Thoughts of a Cyclops, one eye looking at the sky, bright spots
The lights hot, the mic got a good pitch
Got a good chick, and all the haters look sick
And I look quick, I see the getaway car
We get away far from the place that we are
Currently positioned in, nothing more to say, thanks for listening
Goodnight
And I'm (Back Where I Belong)...Charles Hamilton

[Hook]
It's great to be here (Great to be here)
It's great to be here in your arms (Back where I belong)
Baby, baby, baby, baby oh!
It's great to be here oooh! (Great to be here)
It's great to be here in your arms (Back where I belong)
Yeaaaah!