[Intro]
Wake up Mr. Hamilton
The world is yours
You ready?

[Verse 1]
They say the good die young
I like to think the good don't die
Cuz I'm good in the hood
And the hood won't lie
Down to let anyone just walk over them, so fuck gentrification
That's why I enter the matrix with the simplest statements
So call me Neo, you can call me Neo, Geo
Cuz I rock, moving at my ego's speed
But I am the genesis, of which the beginning exist
And I'm just beginning to spit
I had to swallow my pride
Digest the jagged little pill of being robbed for my jacket just for rapping with the skill
Most rappers would kill for, established for my realness
Rapping wise, I'm a savage because I kill shit
Laughter is surreal when tears have been packed into a pill
That very same jagged little pill that I deal with
Don't mind my sickness, my prescription
Is the divine encryption
My life, this God's description

[Hook]
Please don't interrupt my happy ending
Cuz I am not pretending
And this is just the beginning (Call it the genesis, you can call it the genesis)
Why sit alone? And die in the zone?
I'll reach out of my zone
I gotta get out and move (I gotta get out and move)
I gotta get out and move (I gotta get out and move)
Have you got in you?

[Verse 2]
I fought long and hard to never lose the precious jewels
And tools I've been blessed to use ever since smooth
Who's the loser? Most choose to move what bothers them
I let it stick around to bruise my flesh
But I step in shoes the color red
The color your heart pumps
If I stop walking I guess I'm fucking dead
So I run, no need to take my time
And wait for time to make a mistake
And say that I ain't great
I'm awake all times of the day
My mind state is irate
So I rhyme what I say
Instead of rhyming what's fake
Even with the nine in my face
I will say what I wanna say
And die today, why should I break? Break or stop?
Especially when my movements are what makes the clock, tick, like a parasite
After fights with myself, I'll let you watch via satellite

[Hook]
Please don't interrupt my happy ending
Cuz I am not pretending
And this is just the beginning (Call it the genesis, you can call it the genesis)
Why sit alone? And die in the zone?
I'll reach out of my zone
I gotta get out and move (I gotta get out and move)
I gotta get out and move (I gotta get out and move)
Have you got in you?

[Verse 3]
I'm my own worst enemy
The industry is simply the physical manifestation of the enemy
Every needle that entered me
All the people that are into me
Can listen and repeat what I have given thee
If the trees didn't produce carbon monoxide
I would accept that I am not in the top five
But since I agree with most lists
I understand it, dammit, I don't need to know shit
We could both sit
Me and you, dear patron of greatness
Showing support, putting this tape in, your portable device
There is more to this life
But for now I'm satisfied with you calling me nice, aight?
So please don't reject me
You need to accept me
I am the beef that respects each
So I beef with the best
That's why I'm never scared to ever have beef with the vets

[Hook (x2)]
Please don't interrupt my happy ending
Cuz I am not pretending
And this is just the beginning (Call it the genesis, you can call it the genesis)
Why sit alone? And die in the zone?
I'll reach out of my zone
I gotta get out and move (I gotta get out and move)
I gotta get out and move (I gotta get out and move)
Have you got in you?

(Call it the genesis, you can call it the genesis) 7x