(CHatter)
Uhn!
It's Charles Hamilton
Feel free to make your comparisons now
I'm in the D..
With E...
D.E.M.E....
That's how you spell the first 4 letters of Demevolist
Think about it...

(Verse 1: Charles Hamilton)

For those that thought they knew me..
Say hello to the one who you thought was the new me
Success would be thought of awesome usually
But when I talk to dudes they all confuse me
Thinking to themselves
....
"This nigga changed
Copped his chick a chain
Popped up in the game
Now this nigga's strange!"
To be honest? I'm the same
Modest in my brain
Cocky to ya lames
It's just my aura, got me playing origami
More punany
Dr. Evil when I drop the lethal
Spit lots of ether, kid
Not repeating sh1t!
And if I do it's cause you didn't get the point
So Em' twist a joint
Watch how these niggas point
The ghost of Pac, watch the Bishop anoint..
The state pen
Behind bars... Amen!

(Hook Charles Hamilton)
They keep telling me the hood don't miss me and every lil nigga in the hood wanna diss me
And I don't care, I don't care, I don't care...
These hoes used to act all prissy, diss me, now they all kissy kissy
And I don't care, I don't care, I don't care....
I got class so you can't dismiss me and all you can do is just sit and be pissy!
And I don't care, I don't care, I don't care, I don't care, I don't care, I don't care, I don't care, I don't care, I don't care, I don't care, I don't caarrre, I don't careeee!!!

(Verse 2)
It's wack how muhfuckas know my background
Try and rule me then I sit they ass back down!
YouTube me. I'm spitting crack, that's how
You know who flew me to rip this track. Mad now?
I'm Mad Cow, beef with me and you're sick!
Act foul, you get ignored, I ain't seeing you pricks!
Go'head, get mad. That's a reason to be pissed!
I been dreaming of this shit
Steaming on a piff
Sleeping on a bitch
Finding any excuse to be in nigga's cribs
Settle for stomach aches when I need to take a shit
Pleading with my bitch
Bleeding from my lips
Believe with every kiss..
That she would make a difference like she was different
But she was just one of them bitches
Which is reason for me leaving this instant...
Who would of thought that a tree could end us?
...
And that very same tree makes me try
The reason I'm alive is the reason I died
Cause this is heaven, I'm happy as hell!
So do like me in high school and start stabbing yaself
'CAUSE I'm ON!

(Hook Charles Hamilton & K Zeus)

*Piano Interlude*

(Verse 3 : K Zeus)

I make Ulysses look like it was written in crayon
God of war when im on the mic super saiyan
Have these hittas levitating like a super seance
Infamous i shine brighter than delsin's neon
We on stepping all over the peons
Eons how far my skill really be on
Beyond good and evil hitta vibe with a hitta
Spend some time hitta before you criticize a hitta
I murdered this beat i should probably plead insanity
How dare these haters hate me and not be a fan of me
Now they see me high higher than a canopy
But where was they when i was on life support nick cannon b?
So pardon me if im wild'n out
Fda god they really brought the lion out
So step into the jungle and get devoured
Im kanye lil bro that mean i got the power nigga

(Hook Charles Hamilton & K Zeus)


*Beat makes a strange turn, almost FRIGHTENING!*