[Intro]
You ever find yourself at a club and you're bouncing like, double time to a beat like this?
I don't

[Verse 1]
I hate parties, I ain't even gonna front
But the DJ threw the song, so I see this what you want
Get to leaning in the front, get to bouncing in the back
Show my face for a minute, then I'm bouncing through the back
Cause I'm out, I'm in the lab making another song with substance
But since I'm here I might as well just do this dumb shit
So where my ladies at? The smoking section
If you get high enough you could hold my erection
Cause I'm fly, sky high
I'm a lady killer call me Mr. Brightside
Cause I shine when I black, night sky
A prick on my records, but I'm a really nice guy
Why this nigga wanna front? What the hell this nigga want
From me and his bitch? I will get this nigga jumped
I'm from Harlem, but the South got the bounce right now
So I'mma spit like I got a grill in my mouth right now

[Hook]
That's what you wanna hear, that's what you gonna hear
If you don't like it why the hell would you come in here?
That's what you wanna hear, that's what you gonna hear
If you don't like it, why the hell would you come in here?
Sick of chillin', now it's time to get out of character
Sick of chillin', now it's time to get out of character
Sick of chillin', now it's time to get out of character
Sick of chillin', now it's time to get out of character

[Verse 2]
Chicken wings, candy paint
The color of my drank is the color of the paint
Don't say you ballin' little homie, when you know you ain't
Your Rolly fake, That ain't a Jacob that's a jake
Got a can of Budweiser don't tell me that I can't drank
You must not know my name
Charles Hamilton Yeah I'm still strange
I got money, why the fuck I need a chain?
What's your name? Where you from?
I wanna cum, so girl give me some brain
She said "I wanna come, can I bring my friend Loraine?"
I said "Okay, just put your face between her legs"
She got taste, I got class
I take them to school, put your ass in her face
So I can catch you talking shit on tape
I'm not a loser, I just like to be chased

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Maybe I can get a little bit intelligent
Say some shit the kids will dig because it's relevant
Or maybe that'll blow your high too much
But I don't give a fuck cause I'm screwed up
I'm screwed up (x8)
Maybe if I rhyme "booty", with "cutie", and "do me"
I can get a hit record on my iTunes and stuff
But I can't help the fact that my mind screwed up
My mind screwed up (x8)

[Hook]

Say the same shit 50 million times (It's a hit!)(x8)

[Hook]