[Intro]
First of all, my daughter is two years old
So ya'll niggas is just wack and stupid
Baby girl, whenever your sad just say this...

[Verse 1]
I must be beautiful. Fuckin beautiful
Back to the fuckin usual...
I must be lovely, you obviously love me
God truly fucks with me
She's keeping me alive, even though I feel passion passing over me
If I catch it, my last is all you'll see
Cast oil on my back, as I bleed
Spit so much fire, I get called a lighter
Running so fast, when coal flicks a lighter, both women fire can't hold in desire
Feenin' for another day, dreaming as I tuck away my lenient dreams for other days
Another day passed, I'm still a speed pusher, like I sell coke
But I'm a weed cooker
I just found out my daughter is a stripper
Keep a razor blade and slaughter the tipper
I might smash my daughter, give her all of what's in my zipper
Grab her behind it
I'm rather excited
Grab on my wifes tits to smash for the night on some "I'm going to act as a certain white guy who raps" type shit
She might like it
We might have kids, on some wack shit
Atleast I know I'll be a dad
But baby girl, you know my cynical ways...
I gave birth to you. You get it, okay?
I see too much of me in you, to be in you
But if it's what I need to do, can I creep with you?
I'm daddy baby, I can sleep with you
I just feel like I'm cheating you, out of both...

[Hook]
Womanhood and childhood. Two precious things you can never get back
Womenhood and childhood. Leave it to a man, to try and fix things back
When you misunderstood, listen to your heart like a book
I wouldn't want to give you my childhood, so I wish you a perfect childhood

[Verse 2]
I was raped by God
Hence, poor decision making
Piss poor, living in a basement
Sixth floor, different situation
Any doors, wishing for a way out
Late night, niggas tipping for a way in
Predisposed to exploitation
My daughter wants me to be her boyfriend
Deep voices, screaming cause she's voiceless
She puts clothes on, puts her robe on
Then a beat plays, she get her pole on
And I'm so gone. I mean, so torn
I want to say go home, but she knows wrong from right
She writes to songs, but no one's comes along and fights for baby girl's rights
Fuck it babe, let's do it all night
Daddy gon' be your daddy, ooh them walls tight
A star bright, mars is getting tight. Stars are getting tight. Shit, ya'll are getting tight
Raising my daughter by being her lover
Instead of being more of her encyclopedia brother
And we don't need a rubber, true fam
She got brothers, plus I'm a true man
I don't need her youth, damn
I grasp her two hands, and proceed to dance into new lands
I will never leave her side
A. when she cries lakes, lies awake, lies to my face, makes her thighs vibrate or let's her vocal cords vibrate
I am a fuckin guy, and don't fucking ask why...