[Intro]
I am proof. Dammit
Extraterrestrials do exist

[Verse 1]
This is extraterrestrial experimentation, they consider me an extra special patient
They don’t care if I’m patient. Barely care if I make it
We are everywhere, and they HATE. IT
Try to throw us in a scary location
In various ways, we declare liberation
Weather stations, may set a date. But let them speculate
... I’m being treated second-rate. No hesitation
I’m fine, no medication
84% of me, says, “Forget the nation. Detonation.”
But I’m concerned about the destination, explanation, and the overall population’s acceptance, and obsession with Satan
The second I say Satan, the breath of the laymen are taken, and I’m left paving the pavement
Let’s get democratic
Sinner’s magic, or antennae magic
Dinner is average, I snack on your average winner, while MOST of you f*ggots snack on a wiener
And the practice of malpractice, snacks on dreamers
Intricately speaking? My innocence is bleeding
… Draw blood and the density is misleading
Urine samples
Only the “purest” can handle
They drink the blood and piss, just to think above your average life-form
… Or, to think above your love for living
(Hold on…)
But pink is in my blood… ‘Till you try to find it
Look dumb with your need… And your medical license
Tryin’ to hide behind it
No blowjobs, I give mind to mindless
And my aliens friends are smilin’, as I define it
There is a lie in what we do
… Or I have clues to find
Aliens committin’ suicide?
Afraid of ?grins? We’re peaceful, I say again…
Told you in audus, I’m spendin‘-
I told you AUGUST, I’m spending a day, or ten…
Not worried about gettin’ paid is the way to live
But there’s a bounty on a spaceship
So we disappear
Drift away into space again…

[Aside]
Jack!

… George!

… Tay!

It’s a lot of…

Courtney! I hope I’m right…

… I said Courtney
Cut it out over there, wherever y’all n1ggas is at…

Keep recording, keep recording…
Yeah…

Frank MIDI on the outside…
… Record it

Frankie, thank you…

Frankie Thanks
Haha! Yeah…
Yeah…

Damn…

It’s crazy here, man, I’m over-thinkin‘… Giving this n1gga a nickname for his nickname
Damn, man…

You feel me?! Like…
See, like… The fuck…

It’s such a different form of… Thinking, man, like…
I’m really not here with a LOT OF YOU N1GGAS…

And I be knowing what it is man, I be saying Sega everyday, and n1ggas be like, “NO.”
I be like, “What chu mean?! I know- AHHHHH… FUCK.” You know what I mean?”

And it’s like… “You sure you ain’t guessing? Cause the government got mad information and sh1t…”

N1ggas can… NATURALLY kiss my ass, like… Straight up…
Like, niggas is…
It’s certain rules and whatever, I know I said some things…
It was a few times… Niggas was like, you know, “Charles, you crossed the line.”…
You know…

Sometimes… You know, secret societies, and public belief, and understanding and stuff…
Gets misconstrued, and maybe my… Understand, or lack thereof… Has people confused…

One