[Verse 1]
I've been in the studio
Living under a rock
There's air conditioning
And I don't care if the summer is hot
And someone did not, tell me that the world still remembers me, misses me, and if they are they tryna' get to me
This would be, almost 3 months, since I've seen my family
I can't believe my family still receives me as family
Got dreams of grammys, pink hammies, and sweet candy, but my teeth can't be rotten if I don't see the dentist (Whenever you call me.)
I'm living in my prison, man you can't see my sentence
Serving two life terms cause I'm a repeat offender
Grandma, your birthday came and went, I was ashamed as shit that I didn't make a cent
Got a catalog of music, but a wallet full of lint
I know my uncle smirking like Charles is full of shit
But Unc, you got your own company, so you living comfortably, so you won't understand when it comes to me. (Whenever you call me.)
Ryan ain't got an older brother, I'm the closest, but I'm the brokest
My prognosis is psychosis
I'm a dropout, a junkie, and a drunk
Honestly, is that the kind of company you want around your son?
That's why I run, that's why I'm numb, That's why I'm such a fucking punk
Two bars is too hard to try to pay you back for the money you gave so all I can say is that..

[Chorus]
Whenever you call me
I'll be there
Whenever you call me
I'll be there
Whenever you call me
I'll be there
Whenever you call me
I'll be
Whenever, whenever you call me
I'll be there
Whenever you call me
I'll be there
I'll be around
(I'll be around)
I'll be around
(I'll be around)
(Whenever you call me)

[Verse 2]
Hey Toya, I know you sick of my excuses
I'm sick of leaving bruises, not physically abusive
But I'm giving you my two cents, my attention goes to music
Thinking it's some new bitch, then you get reclusive
Damn, I be out rhyming with Bryan, you be home pining and crying, Why?
When I finally see you, you probably think I'm lying
I know sometimes you wish you could pop me with the iron (Whenever you call me.)
Only thing I loved more than you was my music
But bitch, you was my music
And to you stupid fucking listeners, listen up, Toya is my woman to the end, she don't give a fuck
I could call her bitch, she knows it's not an insult
Don't make me interrupt this verse again, yo
You're like a dream come true, music's a dream come true, I got dreams of music, wanna see my dreams come true. (Whenever you call me.)
For every night, when I dream girl, I dream of you
Every time I say dream, girl, I think of you
So listen, and you will see that I am telling you, you're gonna love me, I'll die and go to hell for you
There's nothing for me to do but to tell the truth
I wanna treat my girl the same way the fellas do
HchO and B-Tay, Jada and B-A they make it through each day, make it seem easy! (Whenever you call me.)
Look at Sha-leik, he basically needs Dre
My world was upside down during the break up of three days
And to my niggas, where would I be without you?
I love y'all to death, but I really doubt you
Understand the influence you have on me, Bagdad, I almost cried when me and you did that song B. Damn
Idolized you in '04, you was acting so cool, but your raps is so raw (Whenever you call me)
Used to go home and listen to Run and R. And Swiss, I swear I'd never thought we'd get along
But I consider you a uncle, except you're my age, and I know I act young and I cause you migraines
But, you show some empathy to all of my pain, and I think you understand that I'm really not sane
HchO, words can't express my gratitude, there's somethings I can't forget, (whenever you call me)
So if you need anything, the answer's yes
I mean that I said that with my hand on my chest. (Damn.)
Yo Bird, you brought me to Toya, thank you
I swear to God I'm sorry that I wrote Kane and Abel
And Nate, you turned out great, I said that with no hate
Dead ass though
Wait until the cash grow, who knew Oswego would be our last show?
And Darden, It feels like I've known you since kindergarten
You're growing up, so I beg you not to get retarded
And don't listen to bitches saying men are garbage
Cause I'm a man, here's my promise