[Intro]
Well, well, well, guess who's back.....on your desktop (he-ha-ha)
Yeah, yeah I got a lot to say you better believe it (he-ha-ha)
First things first, uh where my women at?

[Hook]
How many ladies in the house? (uh)
How many ladies in the house without a spouse? (you know)
Somethin' in your blouse got me feelin' so aroused
Som-Somethin' in your blouse got me feelin' so aroused
On that independent shit
On that independent shit
On that independent shit
On that independent shit

[Verse 1: Charles Hamilton]
I'm back with another one
God I'm sick of rap made of bubble gum
I promise I can black cause it's fucking fun
I'm a casket for tragic accidents that you can rappers
Are you all rap when I spew off facts?
"Hey ladies." I'm the rap Val Venis
If it's in the future then believe it I'll see it
Charles Hamilton, is he fucking Tila Tequila?
Puffing weed at the speaker because the beat isn't weeded
Fucking with me because of the heat that I'm stuck with speaking
Nymphomania, master-debating
Bastards hating cause I'm past graduation
Act mad, okay I give in, I succumb to the hate
So I won't have to cum in your face, straight
Give me Robin Rihanna and a bong of some ganja
I will probably just sit proper jotting my nonsense like

[Hook]
How many ladies in the house?
How many ladies in the house without a spouse?
How many ladies in the house?
How many ladies in the house without a spouse?
(I'm on Interscope but I'm...)
On that independent shit (yeah)
On that independent shit (yeah!)
On that independent shit (I'm back!)
On that independent shit

[Verse 2: Charles Hamilton]
Damn, why they wanna stick me cause I'm handsome?
Damn son, I'm feeling as if Fifty is my grandson
This whole game is tight cause I'm silent
But they step away from the mic when I'm rhyming
Ladies, Am I a guy with a vagina?
A chick with a stick to get rid of these pricks
I should've signed to After-hermaph
I'm not a rapper I'm just a jackass with cash
Dag. Did I grow up with a dad?
Sad. I only make sense on wax
But just like wax, vinyl I black
Until I'm in ya ears, I know I'm wack
Could've been a wine-o why? To try crack?
I just write crack; Tonight, the sky asked if
I could get fly to find a climax of your senses
I'm back, did you miss it?

[Hook]
How many ladies in the house?
How many ladies in the house without a spouse? (uh-huh)
Somethin' in your blouse got me feelin' so aroused
What you about? (holla!)
On that independent shit
Trade it all, trade it all, trade it all
You ever wonder what it all really mean?
You wonder if you'll ever find your dreams?

[Verse 3: Charles Hamilton]
I'm only blacking out cause that's what I ought to do
Sitting in a chair with wheels but no autotune
Sorry Wayne, I admit I'm not as smart as you
All I do is spend my time talking to all of you
Haters give me your number and I will be calling you
Don't wanna talk? Don't hit me up, I'm ignoring you
In the hood I grew down and we dodged Jake
So I embraced the hate and never dodged fake
For God's sake, I enjoy my finance
And I act like a little boy cause I can
But the label might drop my ass
I got punched by a girl, who would cop my ass?
Maybe the cops if I dropped her ass
But I'm the one that paid for Brianna's boxing class
That night was too hot to smash
But two nights later, my God I spazzed so

[Hook]
How many ladies in the house?
How many ladies in the house without a spouse?
Somethin' in your blouse got me feelin' so aroused
What you about?
On that independent shit
Traded all for a husband and some kids
You ever wonder what it all really mean?
You wonder if you'll ever find your dreams?