[Charles]
Alright
I'm in
I'm in good

[Lawrence Tierney from his role in Reservoir dogs]
Here are your names
Mr. Brown
Mr. White
Mr. Blonde
Mr. Blue
Mr. Orange
And Mr. Pink

[Steve Buscemi from his role in Reservoir Dogs]
Why am I Mr. Pink?

[Verse]
Aye yo peace to the physical pain and pressure
Get pushed to the pain it's painted pleasure
Proud apart from the status quo, rap flow, fast or slow, past go Now I got two hundred cash to grow
Eyes for the intellect I'm interested in
Intercepted your idiotic inquiries to win cause I'm in it to win
Informed the interns that's what the "in's" for niggas need a big [?] for this storm
Case for the kicks and knuckles
Fought my way to the top
Fuck a struggle man the kid is trouble
Put it together
P-I-N-K, get paid
E-ccentric been this way since fifth grade
Sixth grade they thought I was bitch made, used to get played till tenth grade, the day I got a switchblade
When it came to girls I was never cute, never fly just a regular dude to tell the truth
Shit changed now hoes look with a better view
So P-I-N-K means pussy? I never knew
Philosophically I need kush
Everybody has piff and crack, I need weed with three books
Peace for psychotic
Oz for I got it
M-K is I'm not getting do not knock it
Since y'all backwards, I killed noise
I promise
Get so high that I can make the sky vomit
But I'm forward, nevertheless
And the noise won't stop so I guess it's a promise I never kept
When in Rome do as the Romans do
So Imma roam the earth, with my Trojan shoes
Each step saying "Fuck the world"
Turn the beat up
I beat up the beat up, the street from the temple
My temple, is right up in your ears by your temple
It's simple, I'll make my own instrumentals
You don't like it? Fuck you, that's my M.O
Charles breaks silence
Charles' beats sample
CBS bitch you don't like it change the channel, you'll never match up so fuck trying to get a candle
Everyday I'm Hustling busting my ass bustling
Now I make tracks with a trusted friend
So god forbid anybody is fucking with mister Musington
He gonna wish that he was one of them Huxtable fucking kids
Niggas asking "What's wrong with me
Nigga I don't really care I make songs for me
And if you didn't like it than you shouldn't have bought it
If I ain't think it was hot then I wouldn't record it
But, if tomorrow if I say hate Nate Dammit
We doing business together so I guess we gotta manage
But we, brothers for life so all hate should vanish
I'm finished, one, eesh, Can it!