[Intro]
“I only came for this much carpet… But look how much I got!”

It’s Empire’s 60% off event! Where you can get a lot more “carpet” (*wink*), for a lot less! Choose from the wide selection of quality products, right at home! And save 60%! That’s huge, plus, we install next day! And no payments until 2010! 60% off carpet, won’t last long!

Call Empire today!

Yo

[Verse]
Huggin’ my pink bear, barbed wire for it’s attire;
Going Mark McGuire far. My guitar is fire
Mattress is what I’m huggin’. On the mattress when I hug it
Capture the starting fire inside of my heart
Automatic magnets is my diagnosis
Deny my focus
In these times? I can throw fits, only to be known as a provoking kid
So f*ck the system with a broken d1ck
Swollen tip, like CrimeStoppers
But I won’t snitch. I am certified local
Word to what’s folded on my wrist
My IQ is my caseworker’s annual salary
They can’t stand to know it, so they plan to go and battle me
Cat scans with ropes on my anatomy
Happy is easy to invoke
So is the sadder me
Moody and meticulous
Through being an incubus, I prove reading into what you’re seeing is ridiculous
I want an X-rated scene with a naughty nurse
F*ck your supervisor, miss, I’m hard at work
Flirt with you, until you start to smirk
Get you naked
Escape in my robe, and walk to church
I’m not fucking with doctors
Unless [Dr.] Chemistetic or [Dr.] Intricacy, prescribe me some knockers
Wait until I lose the rags…
… Get me some new boxers
Grab my high school shorty, and f*ck her on a locker
She’ Jamaican and she’ proper
Graduation twenty-eleven, her prom date is a shocker, like
“Gasp! Who could it be?”
I’m the one who gaffed, like, “Stupid, it’s me!”
Oh yeah, now my sexy ass doctor is here
I wanna kiss her, like the top of the year, and tell her it’s nothin’ to think clear…

… But, she thinks I’m nuts for holding a pink bear, NOT HERE

…

[Hook]
The hook go like

HUG ME… Or something of the sort
Give me support. Be my own fort
LOVE ME… Or something of the sort
Give me support. Keep me on course
HUG ME…
Before they make me hug myself…
Hug myself…
Hug myself… F*ck it’s-
Fuck a space jacket, uh, I want my space back
Fuck a straight jacket, uh, I want my space back
Fuck a straight jacket; I want my space back

It go

HUG ME… Or something of the sort
Give me support. Be my own fort
LOVE ME… Or something of the sort
Give me support. Keep me on course

HUG ME…
Before they make me hug myself
Before they make me hug myself
F*ck a straight jacket; I want my space back

… Uh…

Before they make me hug myself…