[Verse 1]
Yeah, thanks for meetin' me here
I know it's short notice
And if I black out, don't feel bad about leavin' me here
I would rather have a latte, then stay inside a hospital bed
So just let me vent from the top of the head
It's a lot, or maybe it's a little
And I can't process it, whatever, God bless it
Unless it was sent from the devil in a message
Along with a friend request on my soul
Eyes closed, with hydro and a white bowl
I know, my high goes as fast as it comes
Tryin to gain weight, tryin to save face
In the same place, that moves as fast as I run
Which isn't fast at all, I can crash and fall
Nothing is promised, life is basketball
After all, who the Hell drafted Charles?
To not play?, But that won't fuck up my latte

[Hook]
Pick a sin, any sin, I commit it (I commit it)
Pick a drug, any drug, yeah I did it (yeah I did it)
Pick a lie, any lie, I'll admit it (I'll admit it)
And though I only have one life I still give it (still give it)
Pick a sin, any sin, I commit it (I commit it)
Pick a drug, any drug, yeah I did it (yeah I did it)
And though I only have one life I still give it (still give it)
But ain't nobody fucking with my latte (latte)

[Verse 2]
Yo, my brother, love him to death
But with that love comes struggle and stress
I wanna snuff him and stretch
His fucking neck, every time he disrespects me
But to maintain the friendship, I keep a but-toned lip
Is this some sick shit, am I passive?
Should I ask him why? Why ask him?
He can't be me, can't have my passion
For this bad bitch I been smashing called music
I've been tryna creep with her, but it's hard to creep with her
When I sleep with her, everybody knows about us
So I'm never seen with her
Unless you've been in the bed, and seen me with her
I mean, I just radiate her, they could hate her
But they know they just rape her
I take her by the hand
And guide her, smack was my drug of choice til' I tried her
And then we had a threesome
I did music on smack-
Smack-smacked her ass
I grooved music from the back
And no one knew the difference
Til they heard the recording, I think it's porn
You think it's songs in the morning
You get excited, I think it's borin'
Charles, why sample? Why you gotta sing?
Why you rockin pink? Why you gotta thing
For drugs?
Shit
Why you gotta- suck my dick!
Why you gotta front like you don't love my shit?
Why these niggas wanna stress me?
Why is that before music
None of these bitches thought I was sexy?
Why nobody believes that I'm in debt B?
You askin' me for cake, nigga I can't afford a Pepsi
Yeah, I'm broke, I said it, let's see
If any of you gold digging niggas gon hold me down
On your credit, nigga I don't need cash
I need debit, get it? Got it?
Fuck a bank, I'm your deposit
Capital One, what's in your wallet?
You think Robin Hood would be robbing in the hood?
Since you niggas is ballin, he be ballin too
When your money is fallin, then he'll be callin you
Oxymoron like snow on a hot day
No beach chair in this blizzard, I am not Jay
Yall are Red
Pink don't run
So when his Kingdom Come nobody is fucking with my Latte

[Hook]
Pick a sin, any sin, I commit it (I commit it)
Pick a drug, any drug, yeah I did it (yeah I did it)
Pick a lie, any lie, I'll admit it (I'll admit it)
And though I only have one life I still give it (still give it)
Pick a sin, any sin, I commit it (I commit it)
Pick a drug, any drug, yeah I did it (yeah I did it)
And though I only have one life I still give it (still give it)
But ain't nobody fucking with my latte (latte)

[Bridge x2]
You can have my isolation
You can have the hate that it brings
You can have my absence of faith
You can have my everything
(Help me)
I broke apart my insides
(Help me)
I got no soul to sell
(Help me)
The only thing that works for me
Help me get away from myself

[Chorus]
(Help me)
I broke apart my insides
(Help me)
I got no soul to sell
(Help me)
The only thing that works for me
Help me get away from myself