[Intro]
Uh, uhuh, uh
It's Charles Hamilton

[Verse 1]
I'm living real quiet, kinda life I live
But my life is the shit so my life ain't never quit
And the life act night with the shit that I write
Gotta be something that u gotta get, right?
Wrong, as long as you can follow along
In the song, it's the hottest song I got off the bong, (haha)
I make the bong goes, I know
You add a couple O's and it's a different song
Oh, see now it sounds like a pot of jam
But it's a different kind of jam, I know she's smarter damn
I meant to say it's more of rhythm but whatever
I gotta get with the rhythm so I can feel better
Gotta acknowledge the groove
And gotta acknowledge how I got you acknowledging it too
Cause I just move
I ain't got no shoes on that I could never lose

[Hook]
How could you pick up that roll?
But life's so unpredictable
Cause I can say most of you don't want me no!
I'm the one that used to get the dough, it's like sayin'
La la la la la la la la la la la la la

[Verse 2:]
Soon as you walk through the door, you can feel the aroma
Feel the order, this is home ah
Gotta let you know, I don't allow people to wear their shoes
Cause I got a lot of wear and tear on my hardwood floors
This a hardwood classic
And you should feel kinda dramatic, askin', cause this is a feeling I never share
Because you can my feel spirit everywhere
In my house right?
So I'm down right cool
I can break every last rule, that's why I don't like school
And I don't write rules, cause what I write rules
So you on the side of my house if I don't like you
And I don't mind if I move
Cause every single house gotta modify my rules
Run in it back and you get it god damn it
In a minute I'll be running this shit for a minute

[Hook:]
How could you pick up that roll?
But life's so unpredictable
Cause I can say most of you don't want me no!
I'm the one that used to get the dough, it's like sayin'
La la la la la la la la la la la la la

[Verse 3:]
What I got I gotta give it to ya mama
Cause I know I probably gave it to her daughter
And she know that it's her sister that I taught uh
Just imagine all the freaky shit I taught her
I'm sorry I just gotta be real
That's how I know that the privacy is fair
Charles is in this motherfucking place, in ya motherfucking face
It could never been a race what's next to chase?
This, this, ain't even a race
I ain't even tryna breathe at a pace
I'm goin' outta place, outta space whatever
Just mention it, write it
The sentence is lighting on fire
And I'm liking it striking me down if I'm a clown
If not you should wipe me down, when I'm around
Top 5 with the live sound
I'm gone where's my crown? oww!

[Hook]
How could you pick up that roll?
But life's so unpredictable
Cause I can say most of you don't want me no!
I'm the one that used to get the dough, it's like sayin'
La la la la la la la la la la la la la

[Outro]
It's the one and only Charles Hamilton
Willy I see you, whatup vill?
H.o. all my real niggas all my real ladies
You know what time it is