*Confirmed*

[Verse 1]
I walk up in the classroom, Rambo meets Webster
Hamilton in the streets is random in this lecture
But I keep a semi-auto in my Bugle Boy slacks
Any bullies? No future for you boys, *BRRRAAT*
My sixth grade teacher scans my bags for guns
I'm standing back, glancing at her rack until she's done!
Like BITCH GO TO THE BOARD AND TEACH ME SOMETHING NEW!!!
Even when I'm uncomfortable I'm still the dumbest in the school...
But dumb is colloquial for FUCKING AWESOME!
I got a new opinionation like I'm FUCKING BLAWSOME!
The rose that grew from concrete's first maker
My speakers hurt, I think I should flirt with Earth haters...
My sneakers could burst, I walk the Earth like Darth Vader!
Breathing all funny, its hard to be a creator...
My heart goes to my neighbors when my bass goes equator breaking
But the day is just starting for me....

[Hook]
I would only go to school just to look at Navila...
The eighth grade Tila Tequila...
Who knew I gotta kill just to see her?!?
Navila....
If I.. shoot up the school, I could take her to prom!?! (x4)

[Verse 2]
Murdered my gym teacher only because I was unprepared!
Gym shoes huh? No underwear???
Basketball shorts
I don't fucking play...
No sports, if there's no music? Go the other way!
The music teacher is my student
I'm bored to tears...
I can afford to be here 'cause room & board is more than home
The rumors are boring, I'm going home
But my room at home is like a tomb of gold
Who goes? Who knows?
I stay getting stuck up
I lived on Broadway, I would play, getting fucked up...
Pray for some tough luck
Days where I must've
Sprayed mustard on the face of a baby was what..
Made me suffer thoughts of laziness...
I got the guts to rush, but don't rush me
I will fuck you down... I was a virgin...
Only spreading puss around from a paper-cut
Turning pages in my Sega instruction manual
Damn, I'm a sucker...

[Hook]
I would only go to school just to look at Navila...
The eighth grade Tila Tequila...
Who knew I gotta kill just to see her?!?
Navila....
If I.. shoot up the school, I could take her to prom!?! (x4)

[Verse 3]
The Principal was a victim of all my principles
What I do with the pencil leaves suspension and suspense so...
SUCK MY DICK AND WRITE ME UP FOR IT LATER!!!
Safe to say the faculty was just a board of haters..
I knew the rudeness and cruelness in my foolishness
But shit...This music teacher bitch is stupid and I RULE!!
So the rules don't apply, to a loser such as I
Who uses lies to maneuver inside where you preside...
Judge me later Mr. Mathis!
I think I'll just stick to spitting disastrous adjectives like erratic..
Like my behavior when in a room full of faggots!
Stuck in the future like it's a womb full of maggots!
My gravity gun shoots up like a spoon full of magic
Bi-polar bunny, I assume you're a carrot...
Usually a pacifist but BOOM if any static
Tune into your majesty fuming cause he's a SAVAGE!!!

[Hook]
I would only go to school just to look at Navila...
The eighth grade Tila Tequila...
Who knew I gotta kill just to see her?!?
Navila....
If I.. shoot up the school, I could take her to prom!?!
If I.. shoot up the school, I could take her to prom!?!
If I.. shoot up the school, I could take her to prom!?!
If I.. shoot up the school, I could take her to prom!?!