Charles Hamilton... Catholic Illuminati
Let's get busy -  OKAY
Oh wait, I'm not going to bring the hook in now
Charles Hamilton has become a master arranger - Heheh
Like Yogi's enemy and shit: "I'm a master arranger"
Alright, come on hook! Let's see what you got

Papal Infallibility: You know that means?
Means you gotta like, so like it
Literally, I just want you to like it
Like it... Like it... Like it... Like it
Like it... Like it... You don't even have to buy it, just like it

When it comes to music, I play Cee-Lo like Jack
Or I play the streets like I'll be right back
A lot of times when I come off the night cap
I black out. So the night's wrapped
And I'm sunshine, in fact. Frankie Beverly
Heavenly, same band actually. Deadly
Is how I rap so my raps should be
The reason why I have to be locked up
But these are bars, it doesn't make sense
I let go of these bars let the warden be [ya] playpen
I've been in jail before
And I haven't been hailed be before
But I make brain storms of everyone whose saying they've touched the third rail before
How shocking is that?
Shit, rob rap like a stocking cap
Now I want the fact I'm actually gothic back

Papal Infallibility: You know that means?
Means you gotta like, so like it
Literally, I just want you to like it
Like it... Like it... Like it... Like it... Like it
Like it... Like it... You don't even have to buy it, just like it

I read a lot of books like [a poem]
Y'all tell stories, like N.O.R.E. "Get the fuck off my phone"
Phone time I only talked to my pops
I saw Matthew once but I was mad because I was locked
And honestly I thought that nigga was the cops so I rap like that nigga as a
Wait... I said "like that nigga as a goth" but I keep fucking up my words, I need to really wash
Like "-Ington." Like "Y'all-cat's-are-not-nice-Ington"
"I-don't-have-to-write-Ington"
Because I begin the entire rap game when I sleep in, wake up
Break a couple of destiny's children off and find some bud to break up
And bake up. Look at the ground I decided to shake up
Y'all niggas hate this? What the fuck?

Papal Infallibility: You know that means?
Means you gotta like, so like it
Literally, I just want you to like it
Like it... Like it... Like it... Like it
Like it... Like it... You don't even have to buy it, just like it

Do you like me? Yes or no?
Circle yes, or X and O
'Fore you circle-in the "No," and if you circle "Or"
I'ma roll up purple and then circle the floor
Like I'm trying to make a snow angel
I'm an angel on snow, that's a bold face lie so dang you
Darnit. "Coke Whore Habits" got me looking like f*ggot whenever I try to start rapping
"So fuck you and your exceptional skill. You was just expecting to be killed."
You I'm dissing me because I'm deadly ill. And ready for everything, with a heavenly feel
Scared to say seven cause I want pussy, but I want to stay in one place while I'm repping
ME...So seven, seven, seven, lucky me!
Unluckily I'm stuck with them, so fuck with me

Haha... Catholic Illuminati. Geez Louise!

Papal Infallibility - You know that means?
Means you gotta like, so like it
Literally, I just want you to like it
Like it... Like it... Like it... Like it
Like it... Like it... You don't even have to buy it, just like it