[Produced by Charles Hamilton]

(Intro)
I'm in the booth with my controller

(Verse 1)
Guess who's back with another dope track
It's crazy I may need another Prozac, pill
I'm ill, but you brothers know that
And if you disagree you don't fckin know rap
I was nice before, but now I'm dumb betta
I need a girl who gone wild with a umbrella
I'm sorry Omarion But I'm all on Rihanna, you hardly on
It's the Genesis of rap You Atari gone
How the hell can a geek, make a party song
I just did it, just spit it during Mardi Gras
I broke the start button, we can hardly pause
Play Sonic while I'm blowing that chronic
Pick my favorite rock n roll topic You hear the rings
I got to go shopping Stop the flow... Not You Dr. Robotnik
All you do it run You ain't nothin but Tails
You don't use Knuckles You fckin Ducktales
Whoops that's Disney Kids should dig me
But their daddy is a prick and he quick to diss me
Swiss do you mind if I rip with this beat
The other gon probably rip through history
Life is a bitch Big hip and titties
I am a pimp she gon get me rich b
Sick too sick to get rip for shit
Cause this is a hit the kid flipped it gently
Yall think it's funny but it ain't
I got no money in the bank like the bitch was Swiss Beats
Doesn't really matter cause I own this shit
It's me by myself, All alone and shit
If you don't like it hit me on the phone and shit
But I ain't got a phone so blow my dick

(Chorus)
Don't take a day for granted, granted
Every single day you been handed, can get
Crazy but you need to manage
And it's how God's see's you're the last man standing
Live everyday like it's your birthday (x3)
It's your birthday, it's your birthday

(Bridge)
I was born 1987 out in Cleveland and my birthday was November 10th
My mama was an angel and my daddy was too drunk to really give a shit
But it doesn't matter, It's my life and it's my world
You other motherfckers live in it
So everyone get a glimpse How a real rock star rebel gets down
Gotta go ,Gotta live, From negative to positive

(Verse 2)
After the bridge comes rapping the kid
I mean the kid comes rapping that's what it is
Take a rock star girl back to the crib
Play tracks for a bit, then we at it again
Back shot, front shot, Yea I got her dumb hot
You so nasty, We only taking jump shots
And she lost cause my g is mean
I mean my j is mean but you know what I mean
She got a good grip, grip on the ball
But one good block and she hitting the wall
She keeps on traveling, it's pissing me off
Damn they don't make it like this anymore
This is all just a sport when I'm bored
By the way I ain't talking bout sports anymore
By the way I ain't talking bout sports anymore
By the way... haha... aw man

(Outro)
Let me tell ya'll niggas something
I'm bout to be 20 fcking years old... 20!
That's mean I made it through 20 years of this bullshit
And you know what's the same... my name
Charles Hamilton!
Charles Eddie Lee Hamilton Jr
But since that bitch ass nigga that calls himself a pops, ain't a pops
It's Charles Hamilton
The last living Hamilton... what up?!?

Yeah
It's all it's all it's al-all a game baby uh
It's all-all a game baby yeah
It's all-all a game yeah all a game baby yeah
It's all-all a game

I wanna get my Genesis back
I wanna get my Genesis baaccck
Where's my fcking Genesis?!?!?
I can't find my fcking Genesis
I just got a fcking game genie
And I can't find my damn Genesis!
Yeah, yeah
It's the 90's baby
Cause the 90's made me