It's getting to it, nigga, we've been music
JD, CH, reverse it and it's true shit!
JD, basicly... the greatest with the beats, and I'm right after he
And if you wanna get real basic with the beats..
He's right after me
No one ever should write after me, because I don't write, actually, I'm kind of a writing athlete
Writing in my mind while I'm hopping over hurdles
Making love to ____ like Urkel
No Mira(?), no secret admirer, just me spitting fire everytime I enlighten the mic
And right now the mic is inside, what is in your eyesight?
Lower-case i, lower than I? No one can possibly get, unless you swallow my dick while you're holding the sky up
I guess I'm getting top from the highest of love, the highest high, can't die when I [walk in the streets]

You gotta live forever, either that or just get your shit together
I told y'all my Stan could rip the letter, so if he tryin to get fly, I'm tryin to get by
You might get robbed by tryin to be bi
Nigga I'm one line like 12 o'clock, and I help the Glock when I stand in front of it
So in the afterlife you gotta stand in front of him
HamilTON is in, and I'm a tonne of fun - says your bitch when she's landing under him
And in the streets I'm a beast, walk through in beats on my head like seize this peace!
If y'all niggas got beef with me? S-H-OO-T ME!

I OD on these beats even when I'm OT, word to the D
Or the C-L-E.. V-ELAND, TV-LAND
Get ready for your man when he tee-hee's and ha-ha's all over your prada
You tryin to be the devil? Well voilà, time to disappear cuz I got
My Glock, pop-off or Popov(?)
Peter Popoff, can't watch me while I hot-sauce
C'mon, leave a nigga in the streets, leave a bitch in the sheets
I got chicken in my teeth, eating all these niggas
I call these niggas niggas because they all like chicken, and I see 'em in my teeth.. kinda like frog legs
All day, turn all broads on ??? until I'm all in they face
Pretty nasty isn't it? But I'm classy in this bitch, get at me!

I GOT CORPORATE AMERICA IN THE STREETS, I'M GOING ALL OF AMERICA TO THE STREETS!
NOW CORPORATE AMERICA IN ALL OF AMERICA, SIT IN A STEREO WHILE I TAKE OVER THE STREETS