[Verse 1]
Pretty retarded
Dominican chick, I'm feelin' like Ricky Martin
Livin' la vida.. She's so pretty
The livin' nirvana is what I'm in in the city
Y'all know where I'm from and where I been
But.. I don't care where she been
Is she staring at men or is she staring at me
Many men are in the room but there's only one me
So comfy on her couch the big comfy couch
I'm a big dummy now 'cause I should've said ow or hi or
How about now
How about I power down the sky
That means night time, so quite fly
Is the outfit she can only notice it when her eyes are on me
But her eyes were on me so I's no longer lonely

[Hook]
Me and my lady get up
And we gettin' it, gettin' it, gettin' it, gettin' it, gettin' it
Just as soon as we get up
We be gettin' it in, gettin' it in
Baby got skin like a cup of java
Baby got skin like a cup of java
Wanna get it in get a cup of java
'Cause she will ware you out

[Verse 2]
They was playing music choice in the livin' room
I was hittin' a blunt in the bathroom
I don't even care if there's mad syllables
That I'm missin when I'm spittin' this shit, I'm mad cool
So I came out of the bathroom zooted
And I see her dancin' to the music
And her ass keeps movin' the couch
And her friends keep movin' about
In the same direction I think she got gravity
On her belt..
So on I felt..
But I couldn't feel on her yet
I ain't even get to know her but it's on I bet
When I lay the right G down but
Since this is C now spittin' I'm gettin' cenile
Wish I could dip her into the nile
So into her and she's into me now
She don't know where I live
She can't visit me
So intricately I send her this kite, like
You gettin' me when I spit on this mic, right?
So how 'bout I light it up.. night bright
At night, I'm bright
But it's the middle of the day
When I awake and I see her thighs and shake like
Why did I not try to go in
Why don't I just try to win?
Y'know, this is a game, this love thing
Such a shame when I try to spit the game it's disgusting
She got up went to the bathroom
When she woke up I went into her room and took a nap
The time space continuum must've took her back
So I wrote into my book of fact
Dear love, dear cupid, dear whoever is in charge of this shit
I can't do better than this chick
Maybe I can and I just ain't giving myself the benefit of the..
What the..
Heck is this, the exorcist my neck twists when she entered the room
I had to exit it
Aw my lord, all the sweat drippin'
She ain't even that hot but she is that hot
Quite the duplicitous
Sentence I spit.. I miss you, miss

[Hook]
Me and my lady get up
And we gettin' it, gettin' it, gettin' it, gettin' it, gettin' it
Just as soon as we get up
We be gettin' it in, gettin' it in
Baby got skin like a cup of java
Baby got skin like a cup of java
Wanna get it in get a cup of java
'Cause she will ware you out

Me and my lady get up