[Verse One]
It's alive, Igor! Fuck is ya'll niggas
Hating on me for? You need to retort
At least look up what the word is, you don't
Understand why you hate me, you virgins. It is
Cause I've had my fingers in some sloppy seconds
That ya'll niggas say I gotta be reckless and
Check 'em? Fuck you! I'm tired of niggas
Niggas is liars,  now I'm firing you niggas, I'm jobs
Like Stevie, like you can't see me
Hard to believe me when I'm speaking, why?
Because I present you with lies, cause I know the truth
Argue with me since you know it, too. Oh, you
Don't? Sorry, this little ol' booth is the
Only thing holding me back from not being couth
But fuck niggas, they don't want to see it though
But I love people who believe in this dude, let's go


[Hook]
I don't give a fuck
About what people say
I don't give a fuck
About what people say
I don't give a fuck
About what people say
Neither should you
Unless I own, unless I own the muthafuckas!


[Verse Two]
For the record, thank you Jimmy Iovine
The only person who does not believe I can not
Be bigger than the Eminem guy, since he was
Fly in the eyes of niggas who was tryin' to die
I'm not trying to be fly, I was used to being grounded
My mom used to found in me the reason why bound is
Bounty, clean up a mess
And I was the biggest mess, didn't steam up the steps
When I was younger, but when I got older I became a stoner
And now people are looking at me with a boner
I smoke until I get into a coma
What, is it because you think I'm a loner that I don't have a
Diploma of owning muthafuckas in their diplomacy?
No one's owing me nothing cause no one's knowing me
I know the deepest secrets of everyone, like
Social security, you know cause you're hearing me


[Hook]


[Verse Three]
I love making music, the simplest facts
Nothing better than getting out the booth and hearing your track
After you just ripped it into places of which a
Track could skip if you made crack in the CD
Actually biting me as seen on TV
Cable in the classroom, mad cool
But cats wanna hate on this awesoming rap dude
Because I grew up in Harlem where bitches don't bag dudes
Let me turn my phone down before someone calls me
And I'll be forced to spit off-beat all week
Cause I could rap on this beat for the rest of my life
And then get rest until my life is arrested
By life, you know, when I die
And hopefully that won't happen any time nigh
So while I look into the eye of the
Sky of the future, I hope I'm what you're used to

[Hook]X2