[Intro]
Damn man, I kinda miss this white girl
Yo

[Verse 1]
He never had jungle fever till he met Rebecca
This white chick with a little special extra
Petite, cute face, and the sexist strut
Was doing real good in life except she messed up
And... not to get ourselves ahead but...
Her hunt to get the next drug left her f-ed up
Messed her head up
And all we can do is reflect and accept her
Guess what?
She was a virgin when they first encountered
There was mad nerds around her
She also had mad mouth too, but her words were countered
When they met each other cause they used words to pound her
They kind of grew apart as time went by them
Which kind of sucks, cause he should of been right beside her
Tried to guide her away from this deadly affliction
Instead he was a witness to Rebecca's Addiction

[Hook]
She's so high, she can't come down
So low, she can't get high unless she's high
So down, she can't come up
But drugs would help her fly

She's so high, she can't come down
So low, she can't get high unless she's high
So down, she can't come up
But drugs would help her fly

[Verse 2]
Before he knew it, she was guzzling Robitussin
He told her it was so disgusting
She said, "No it wasn't"
She ain't have a cold for nothing
Sipping on sizzurp
Like a blizzard, she was cold and rushing
Blood flowed through her nose, she was overbuzzzing
Became promiscuous, drinking Coronas
Never alone and letting guys bone her guts in
Sick hypno, get blown, and dusted
In the zone, schizo, twist dro
Then she got her meeting with cocaina
I know, I've seen her
Snort so many lines that her nose got weaker
Won't stop bleeding
Such a base-head that she gave head to feed the habit
Saying how she needs to have it, she's dramatic
And yea, there were people laughing
But that didn't cease disaster
When she got into crystal meth, taking two hits of x
Swallowed two then boo sniffed the rest
Didn't get vexed when dudes disrespect
She would screw them instead, damn
Mushrooms, uppers, percocet, downers, Vicodin
She's a nervous wreck
Ecstasy, LSD, heroin, methamphetamines
Up until her death at 17
I guess we'll never see if she would be the next celebrity
And he'll never rest, especially
Knowing deep down in his heart he has to tell her momma
Before the syrup he gave her a hit of marijuana
It's his fault

It's crazy cause everyone talks about crack, cocaine, and heroin
Who knew marijuana would be the killer huh?
Damn, one more time

[Hook/Outro]
She's so high, she can't come down
So low, she can't get high unless she's high
So down, she can't come up
But drugs would help her fly

She's so high, she can't come down
So low, she can't get high unless she's high
So down, she can't come up
But drugs would help her fly

And I'll tell you something else right now. I have the solution to the drug problem in this country. Nobody wants to hear it, but I have it. Not less drugs, more drugs. Get more drugs, and give 'em to the right fucking people. Mmm mm, cuz every time you hear about some famous guy overdosing on drugs, it's always some really talented guy. It's always like Len Bias, or Janis Joplin, or Jimi Hendrix, or John Belushi. You know what I mean!? The people you wanna have overdose on drugs never would! Like Motley Crue would never fucking overdose man, never! You could put them in a room with two tons of crack. They come out a half an hour later, "Rock on man!" "Shit, they're still alive. Fuck! They're probably gonna make another double-live album now, God dammit!"

I take music pretty seriously. You see that scar on my wrist? You see that? You know where that's from? I heard the Beegees were getting back together again. I couldn't take it, okay! That was the only good thing about the 1980's. We got rid of one of the Beegees. One down, three to go. That's what I say, folks. (Denis Leary- More Drugs)