I love my life and all the people in it
But sometimes I feel as though the real is creeping in me
Don't understand it? Fine
I wanna channel my mind of pain into a minor game
So why should I complain with all the lives I was given
Silent and strange
No one knew the pink wearing, geek era
Streets every week never seen, unidentified
Then I find my thoughts are just a fist
And then I begin to brawl within the sense
To fall within the bitches that all think you could give
But it's the law that you should live
Me and my mind have this argument again
It's all because of sin
But even Charles gets lost in Charles
So come along and get lost with Charles and just...

I want you to see the pink within
If you thought it was dead, then think again
Don't ever run away. Don't ever run away. Don't ever run away. Don't ever run away
Don't ever run away. Don't ever run away. Don't ever run away. Don't ever run away
Just my own worst enemy
Cause it just comes into me

For the longest I was the strongest but didn't know it
I had the heart but mental bombers are there to explode it
Notice I wasn't trying to make anyone suffer
Immune enough to lose any bloodsucker
Gotta live, gotta breathe
Not again, set me free
I forgive, I perceive, I forbid, I deceive
I am Him-ness indeed, this is God, Mr. Hamilton
You are living together, you're in my image and presence
So just get it together
I know you've been through the weather to make you pick up umbrellas
This is just never when you drift to whenever
I make you imagine and you believe it
And that's the reason for believing all of the secrets
Of creeping, seeking, deep in, but in the end
You gotta understand, you are who you are
I guess in essence, I am who you are
And never far

I want you to see the pink within
Thought it was dead, then think again

I want you to see the pink within
If you thought it was dead, then think again
Don't ever run away. Don't ever run away. Don't ever run away. Don't ever run away
Don't ever run away. Don't ever run away. Don't ever run away. Don't ever run away
Just my own worst enemy
Cause it just comes into me

So much has changed, it's all an illusion
The smog and pollution, it's all in the music
The problem is used to the one that's right in front of him
Everybody come to him cause they all want to get something then
Something else, nothing helps, you see my fucking help?
If I touch you, I could fucking melt
But as a younger me, I wasn't scared to touch myself
Being touched and felt by inspirations in my life
Penetration in your mind, is it rape or is it crime
It makes no sense to make a fist, I couldn't write with things
I'm right again, my inner good is what I like to send
My vitamin is knowing that this life again
Homie, so try again while I imagine this is night
Fight the wind, light the end with a candle
This is a fire you can handle

I want you to see the pink within
If you thought it was dead, then think again
Don't ever run away. Don't ever run away. Don't ever run away. Don't ever run away
Don't ever run away. Don't ever run away. Don't ever run away. Don't ever run away
Just my own worst enemy
Cause it just comes into me

I feel like my mind is split into 3 parts
You know growing up I learned that I was made in God's image
And I also learned to appreciate love me as Charles Hamilton
And I've also learned to grow and appreciate reality
So I'm ready to say anything, it's my life, it's my world
Don't ever run away, don't ever run away, it's the breaks
I can't God out of me and I can't take reality out of me
And all I can do is be the best Charles Hamilton I can be, so holla
But God created me. And all you got is me
I'm out