Just because I don't smoke bud, don't mean I don't smoke bud. I know what the game is, so roll up. Y'all niggas want Bundy? Try to make me uncomfy, nigga. There's a fee for saying 'cunt.' And there's a fee for every day of the month. You add up how many of them shits is missing. So, Africa, I'm missing Christmas. There's a bigger difference, a bigger distance. This is how sick is. This is as down as it gets. And shut your fucking mouth up, bitch! You weren't here! Standard... Add a couple pandas, add a couple stanzas. Add a bunch of you fucking banana-having, pajama-grabbing-ass bitches. Get mad? Ayo, just (blow me). And there's no joking. I don't want to be Kobe. I already picked the player you could compare me to. 6 are favored, dare me to (go for the moon). My dick is a favor to Harry, too. But this is a favor to near-to-you. Bitch, get your paper and dare me to drool. If I do I care, and a fool is how I'll look. There in a tool. When I look down, blaring at dude. Then I'm the sun. They I look down, blare at you fools. Karen a 2, Karen a 3, Darren a 4. Add it up and I don't care no more. Glare at the whores. I ain't getting laid every other fricking day. But what my mama said had me standing on the top of my head. Like, "Yo, can you change your diction I just read?" Every last word coming out of my mouth gets snatched. Then I get snatched. Then I get the bitch back like chit-chat. And she actually does some shit, then it's a wrap. I slit her throat slowly. Go ahead, bitch (blow me). And you're saying 'blow.' Which means they don't know I get high so (go for the moon). There's no consequence, just depends on what you got to twist (roll me). The hottest elixir, I'm in the picture. Minding my business, hotter than liquor. Deck it, a bottle of wine. F it, it's out of it's mind. No effort, I gotta define. Shut your F-ing lips, you're bothering my shine. Yo, I hate this B. Hate on me them, they hate on me. Take a 3, take it away then make it see. Then one fateful day, make-believe becomes the end of what you say is he. Just because I'm not saying each word and waiting for some shit to make me delete it doesn't mean I'm saying shit and my lips ain't able to keep it in pace. And if I'm important, please don't even try to keep it in the race. No secret, it's age. Get a Dutch or (roll me). And once you do uncomfortable. Bambu, yo (roll me)