[Verse 1]
An underwater maze, sky dry as the ground
Eyes lie when you wanna start a way to stay
Hard way to lay on a bed with spikes
Every night I respect and protect each life, that I set free with every rhyme
So every guy spreading lies must lay dead beside my heavy blight
Death recites my flesh, speak twice, yes he's nice but why do the blessed despise
To fucking hard for interference, if you hear it then the spirit you dismiss needs someone to cry to
Why do I lie to you? When I tell you the truth, you put me through hell in the news. So, fuck it
To merit what I inherit to care less, as long as my reptilian is there to kiss
A realistic myth, something mystic bliss, but I could give a shit if you think that I ripped it. Cause…

[Hook]
Reptilian queen, where did I find you? Where have you been, and please don't go…
You flow with the light that shines beside you…
Super strange, I know…

[Verse 2]
She can shape shift. Go from beauty to an ape quick, that's on her early morning wake shit
But I ain't really that normal to begin with. With normal comes a form of boring and I dismiss it
This isn't shit is it? Well, let's take a quick trip into my misses
But listen, the moment one of us start tripping, something hard hitting, wanna jump in Charles business
Fuck is y'all kidding? Must be y'all tripping
Dusting off the hardest writtens, get you lost up in em
Cutting off the niggas that raped my third eye. Foresaking, no mistaking hatred cause I say shit
Make the mistake of penetration, Satan will break from vacation
Aight, okay then...
Zoning in peace don't wanna sleep, unless you with me
Need a fucking kidney. Matter fact two...
Running with younging knees means no one's in my company, and we can own the world comfortably
All of her boyfriends are simply wannabes, not even worth the fungus that's underneath…

Charles Hamilton

[Hook]
Reptilian queen, where did I find you? Where have you been, and please don't go…
You flow with the light that shines beside you…
Super strange, I know…