It's been a long time comin old friend...

We made it from the basement in Andre Morgan's- to the basement where I was stormin in tears, tryin to find me important in the eyes of these peers- to these years. So amazing it seems, my dear! And I need you here. You need to see the sincere fact, of me finding artifacts to bring art back. It's awesome! Some call it wack cause it ain't even talkin crap. Reason why I don't want people to say I bounce back, is cause only you bounce when off of those racks. This ain't Casino night; I stay awake not bein mean when I write. But I ain't bein mean now cause I'm writin it in my mind and reciting it as soon as I see it, so, hi!

*chorus*
Don't you know the way you move is super cool to me
Don't you know the way you move is super cool to me
Can't you see the force and speed and torque and velocity!
Thank you thank you very very much
And if I was you I promise you I'd run..

I am a better Ye. Better than my yesterday. I had to say that. Because you would straight laugh in the sack, thinkin bout a better Ye that you could pitch to the block. Shit, now I'm hit with the knock from the cops. Like which ye? Like which day?.. Could I end up bein thy Sensei? High with the sense I give. And I sense a day of rain is comin. An important storm! Comin from the mind of who's important, Moorer! My thought process is college. So when I went, I had to fess up, to all of my mess ups. And guess what? All it made me do was step up!

*chorus*

And even though, I ended up in the place where people go, when they tryin to live it up, it doesn't mean that when it comes to SEGA I don't give a fuck. And YOU are the franchise! And my eyes gotta stand wide open, to watch you in the scope. I dig. Found out you was mad people who I like. And that's interesting to my sight, because how am I gonna live without knowing these people might be in my sight? Even further, I need em tonight! Even though murder could be how those take me away from me, it may mean safety. And beyond that, I'm beyond when I'm on these tracks...