[Intro]
Good Morning!
I hope you're listening to this in the A.M
Wake up to the sound of me, I'm shining!
You already know what it is...

[Verse 1]
Hidy Ho from the top of the world, it's the imaginary player getting top from your girl
But i'm not, you imagine it
A sinner sin of my imagination of valid dick, fuck your entire graduation
Retire rappers waiting
The entire rap nation is inspired glad your hating
My fire's mad at Satan
Damn homie why can't I burn like you?
Is lucifer's question, cause my music is reckless
I tell them chill out I already wrote my will out a mintue ago
Niggas know, this nigga could flow
But they fire at me anyway
Knowing any day they name could be what's his face called? Nigga anyway...
Aight, you mad cause you not Charles
Your flow ain't mine, a cream cheese yogurt and hot sauce; nasty
You could say my name twice on the beat but I'll still give you love
You ain't nicer then me

[Hook]
Staring at the sun, I know your eyes hurt (woo!) your side hurt, you live off my name don't lie jerk
Standing in the sea, you ain't standing with me, jealousy got you stupid niggas panicking
Your mouth is open wide, the lover in the sky... colliding with the sun, (yup!)
Your staring at the sun, (Uh-Huh) your standing in the sea, nobody's over me. (yeah, ow!)

[Verse 2]
I give you light, give you heat, I am over driven
I'm the sun, you get lost up in the solar system
You know the business like I fired you
I can do everything you thought you were good at
I am the hotter you
Roll up, slow your roll up, know your roll chump, niggas turn into fruits when I roll up
I expose such as so fun like a fucking conjunction
So much for your public assumptions
I'm C H A R, hey ya'll like Andre 3 thousand, can't take me down. I ain't C Brown, but a nigga like me live in crazy town
Black magic on a black savint, that's blacking
You cats acting? Get axed with your wack rapping. Where's the camera at? Action
That blacking?
Nah, my gun go one way; sun ray
Sunday, bloody sunday
You too can be another casualty of the hamilton voodoo, you doo doo
What?!

[Hook]
Staring at the sun, I know your eyes hurt (woo!) your side hurt, you live off my name don't lie jerk
Standing in the sea, you ain't standing with me, jealousy got you stupid niggas panicking
Your mouth is open wide, the lover in the sky... colliding with the sun, (yup!)
Your staring at the sun, (Uh-Huh) your standing in the sea, nobody's over me. (yeah, ow!)

[Verse 3]
Don't make me a bully, I won't take me to church
It's so crazy, it hurts
But no day could you pull me, inside your weather
Life's sucks, why don't I try to throw a dart at that shining ass in the sky, guy
If I die, you fry
Hell on earth, tell em first
You outta know VH1 pellet burst. No bullets...
You can't take a shot from the Hamilton and koch so you better off on koch sucking Hamilton's cock, STOP!
You better off being chump dummy
Being my enemy will only take money from me
And If I'm broke you don't eat, you my eligble daughter. You bitch niggas still be swimming in (Water!) of your mother's womb, who don't fuck with you
Wish you were me? I told her wear a rubber too, prevent another mistake
When a lover should come, you get burnt. Don't fuck with the sun
Charles Hamilton!

[Hook]
Staring at the sun, I know your eyes hurt (woo!) your side hurt, you live off my name don't lie jerk
Standing in the sea, you ain't standing with me, jealousy got you stupid niggas panicking
Your mouth is open wide, the lover in the sky... colliding with the sun, (yup!)
Your staring at the sun, (Uh-Huh) your standing in the sea, nobody's over me. (yeah, ow!)