(Verse 1)
Never rest until you're the best
I rest in an arrested place..
Behind the bars of mindless stars
I'm a far cry from hard
Try bizarre!?!
Pilot a fire I light and now the light is charred
Vitamins or Vicodin?
I try 'em all
I still walk away Vic-Tor-Ious
Kid you're a genius. I spit
But more reason to give an award to a seething beast-board or appeasing the people listening to the same kid
Brainless indeed....
Can't spit on beat but never misses a beat!
Can't mix a beat but EQ's the shit out of an instrument given
Get it???
No?!?
So who goes in further?
Murder!
Purpose???
To serve a purpose to the person's who hurt the person first..
Who could that be???
The picture's moving at me!
Losing all Rucker-like and tuck the mic inside my gut
Puff the lye and spit truth until the very end!
Prepare me to sin
Situation looking hairy again
Scary?
Barely
I'm bare when I perform...
Nudity is usually the coolest I can be..
But skin breaking out plus the grins on the face and mouths of all the hating and powerless fakers make me awake and pout!!!
Stay, awake the doubt, cause a day can vouch for all the days I stay awake to vouch for everybody that can say they doubt.....
"Damn Charles, what's all the hating about?!?"
I think my logic speaks for itself...
Feed me a felts
Breathe in the future
Exhale something gross!
Well
I wonder if something was the most?
Cause something got you niggas thinking I don't hold grudges!?!
I hold a grudge with the girl that hit me with her crutches!
Fucked her in eighth grade, as if it wasn't nothing
Hugged her a week ago..
Of course she still love it!
Kill her worst enemy because he took my place!
She gained weight but I still stay in high grade so...
We migrate to right now, where I lay
The center of attention, again...

(Hook)
Over the sunrise, UNDER THE SUNSET!!
I raise my arms, 'CAUSE I AIN'T DONE YET!!!

(Verse 2)
I've seen it before, it bores me to not rebel..
Watch the shelf, I'm not on it, I copy wealth!
Give me liberty or I give you death!!
I listen to "whose who" less cause I proved next is so yesterday that all my old friends are like YES!!
You can bet I prove who is a vet
I'm that bitch!!
Baddest chick in the game!
Call me a pussy
It establishes what I claim!
Fattest hips when I hop
Grab a nigga and drop him!
And that isn't no faggot shit so just stop it!
Rap is faggot-bashing and stabbing a bastard for acting as if his actions are badder than the master!!!
So why would I not improve in front of everyone?
Music is fun
I abuse and punk everyone!
Hardy har, the Matt and Jeff in one man
Had to step on a beat and unland...
DAMN!!!
I had fun being the man cause deep inside my plans demands a kingdom for me and my mans and them!
As you can see, this is Hamilton
I've gotten so nice, I don't write..
I'm just freeing my hands again!!
It was written 'til the looseleaf was lost
Now I Bruce Lee your Jet Li bars!
I rest in peace when I Tombstone your new home!
Live in your head???
Then live with being dead!!!
Get this
I don't even wanna pray
I run away!
Somewhere there's nothing, something just wanna play!
But I play hard, think hard, and write hard!
I stay hard, I stink hard, and life's hard!!!
Brain showers to cowards who will remain cowards and I stained flowers with my sustained power...
The same..
Clam chowder everyday and my on the clock couldn't curb the appetite of a rappers delight, so...
After last night's satellite flight I decided I would like to divide my life between being the nicest on the beat and being misunderstood...
Told you I'm the baddest bitch!
What bitch want it?!?
GOOD!!!
Sit under the hood and get a motor change!
You got a bike pedal mouth and I got a motor brain!
Go insane
As if you don't know my name...
Uhhn!!

(Hook)
Over the sunrise, UNDER THE SUNSET!!
I raise my arms, 'CAUSE I AIN'T DONE YET!!!
I take you, take you, away from me!
I take you, take you, away from me!
Could I be, the opposite of..
What you should trust, and hold in regard?
WHAT DOES IT MATTER?!?
I'm A BEAUTIFUL LIAR!!!
Though I expose me, you still hold me!
I don't take advantage of you!
I don't take advantage of you!
I don't take advantage of YOUUuUUuU!!
I don't take advantage of YOUUUuuuu!!!

Awesome!
*Exits Booth*