[Glenn Beck Interview]
Reporter: The courts have basically found that these people are so addicted to playing video games, specifically in this case Dungeons and Dragons, that they just said: We'll choose the video game over our two babies and we won't feed them. What's wrong with people?

Beck: Oh where do I begin. First of all, what's wrong with America. I mean...I think we should we should make a...I think this is a general blanket ruling that we should make and that is if you play Dungeons and Dragons...

[Verse 1]
I walked down my old block a couple weeks ago
And the beat that you know I'm reppin' to right now
Was the lifestyle change in moment for me
Cause when I press pause, I had to put the iPod on hold for just a moment, hold it, let's go back
But in my old neighborhood, saw my reflections was flashbacks
Now as for that little boy that one was me, I see him as another little me
A son perhaps, maybe not a victim of a gun, but dad was
So he's all alone walking around with a sad mug, and I ask him what's up
He said "You tell me", I said "You spell this"

[Glenn Beck Interview]
Reporter: But when you talk about this seriously, when it comes to playing video games all the time, I mean we don't often hear about it leading to neglecting your child. But you have heard more recently about people having issues with you know being online too much, playing video games too much, the AMA...

Beck: Don't say it

Reporter: No, no, no. I was going to say the AMA recently backed off labeling it, a video game addiction, as a mental disorder

[Verse 2]
The same way you look at yourself is the same way you look back with dwell
Maybe if you got intact with yourself and practice yourself in your well being
Is it your laughter at yourself?
Am I selfish, or am I helping you deal with your self shit

It should be as free as you're swimming, grinning, watching the Gremlins
As a child, everybody catching feelings, so when they watch in movies
They gotta stop, not get an Uzi
And just chill and laugh
And maybe that's the feeling from the past that I get
And that's my shit, maybe we all should live how I live, maybe not, shit

[Glenn Beck Interview]
Reporter: But when you talk about this seriously, when it comes to playing video games all the time, I mean we don't often hear about it leading to neglecting your child. But you have heard more recently about people having issues with you know being online too much, playing video games too much, the AMA...

Beck: Don't say it

Reporter: No, no, no. I was going to say the AMA recently backed off labeling it, a video game addiction, as a mental disorder

[Verse 3]
Not just a Nikon
Not just me trying to drop bombs on my own blogspot dot com kind shit
Just me coming with a concept that, to be honest with you, is my kind of shit
I like to be kinda happy at times, laughter, nappy when I rhyme
No need to comb through with the snow music that you can get lost in, well not often
You gotta win in it, then again it could be infinitely a witness to you being
A witness to me seeing
And you believing in what you see
I guess it's faith is what you would usually call it, I don't know
Maybe I'm losing it, I'm off it, but I'm talking right?


Charles Hamilton

[Glenn Beck Interview]
Reporter: But when you talk about this seriously, when it comes to playing video games all the time, I mean we don't often hear about it leading to neglecting your child. But you have heard more recently about people having issues with you know being
Online too much, playing video games too much, the AMA...

Beck: Don't say it

Reporter: No,no, no. I was going to say the AMA recently backed off labeling it, a video game addiction, as a mental disorder
But have you've battled addiction

Beck: Good

Reporter: No, Glenn you know what it's like to be addicted to drugs, to alcohol. Could someone, do you think, get addicted to a video game in the same manner that it completely controls their life? Is it possible in your mind?

Beck: For losers yes. I mean, do you want more? You want more?

Reporter: No..

Beck: For losers yes, you can get addict..Look you can get addicted to anything. I'm an alcoholic, addicted to alcohol. You know there's so many people that want to fight me on this one. "Aw, jeez you know that's a disease. That runs in your family." Who cares if it runs in my family. Who cares if I'm genetically predisposed to it. I still had a choice to do it, and I have a choice to stop. You're addicted to video games? Well you know what?  When your kids hair is matted down with cat urine, maybe it's time you take a hard look at yourself and say...