[Intro]
I swear this is the realest love song I have ever written
It's not a love song, it's a real song
Uh
It's Charles Hamilton
Blame me, right? Shit

[Verse 1]
Well well, Here we are. Another argument
Yeah I know. It's my fault. I always start this shit
This some retarded shit. Calling bitches yamps on my blog and shit
Why do I think that's not the heart of it?
You have a problem with you, not me. Cause you got me
I need you aqui. I look at other women, and it's you I see
I do not need to be abused by thee
You do shit for my attention. It's senseless
You're mine period. Check the end of the sentence. Simone
Took up so much space in my dome, I forget my own face when I roam
I'm more now. Star time. Hard times have passed me
I'm the driver. Crying time is in the back seat
So why do you insist on being in the back with me?
And you get tight when other women wanna ask for me

[Verse 2]
Before I met you I caught mad bodies
You mad probably, but they mad they ain't got me
Copy, I told your ass sit there cocky, but nah. You wanna black
And now you wanna chat with some otha' niggas
Sending texts with the phone I bought you
I know you ain't showing them tricks that I taught you
Going to see them niggas in the shit that I bought you
If I wasn't Charles, I would flip an Ike on you
This is my heart you playin' around with
When niggas I eye-ball you, they want a round fist
But you're not use to the attention I guess
As if your hands ain't on that beating shit in my chest
Bitch I'm obssesed. Getting a rest
Turnin' down celebs. Burn an ounce to the head
I'm certain I'm about to just let go. But no, I love you
But being alone is something that I can adjust to

[Verse 3]
Keep promisin' you gon' be better
Cause you know me better
On some OD letter
But I feel so alone sometimes
Which you, so much so, I bet you think I wrote this shit against you
This instrumental was made out of pain, that you caused
Bitch stay out my brain. Stay in my heart. I gave you a part
Love 2.0, I'm state of the art. The only thing that changed is the way that I talk
Everyday in my thoughts. How could you say that I'm lost?
You call me selfish. Shit I was before I met you
I let you in, how could you not feel special?
Don't wanna hurt you, feels like I might. To be real, I can fight
But I'm a man, kinda flyy. If something does happen, blame it on rap
You can hate me, I'm whack. But I'mma still say
(Baby come back)

[Outro]
Tough love
Tough enough
I love you
Charles Hamilton
One