[Intro]
Alright, see this for the fellas
All my fellas stand up. Let's talk to the ladies
Yo, see

[Verse 1]
They all so sexy, sweet, and petite
But they all won't let me be what they need
Cause I'm such a great friend
I hate when I hear that! Always starts with her needs
Hear that. They glare back and the conversation begins
I think I bagged her, she thinks:
“I gotta make him my friend.”
Now they’re taking me into their world, feeding me poison
All of this and I ain't even her boyfriend
I just want a chick, dime in the face and a body
Down to earth, but would climb into space to understand what I’m saying sometimes
Cause I black out, spazz out to ask out the baddest chick
But when I get turned down I get all mad and shit
But I just stand there and smile like “I understand
You’re used to being single and you don’t want a man"
This is what I get for being a fucking friend!

[Hook]
“You're a really sweet guy
You're cute, you're talented, and very intelligent
And we can talk about anything
I can open up to you, I'm in love with you
But not the way that you're in love with me
I mean... you're almost like a brother to me
It's better off that way trust me then
I guess what I'm saying is let's just be...“
Aw... fuck outta here

[Verse 2]
It's always the buddy speech, a million and one reasons why they not in love with me
Why they got no problems when I touch and squeeze?
But, when I ask for a kiss, it's always on the fucking cheek?
They tell me they problems
I listen intently, innocently, but I'm feeling so empty
These feelings present me with an option
We can stop talking and become more than friends, or just stop talking
But I do neither cause I'm such a sucker
I stick around and let my heart down with high hopes
Losing my mind I feel like a psycho
And it feels like I might choke every time I hear a girl say...

[Hook]
“You're a really sweet guy
You're cute, you're talented, and very intelligent
And we can talk about anything
I can open up to you, I'm in love with you
But not the way that you're in love with me
I mean... you're almost like a brother to me
It's better off that way trust me then
I guess what I'm saying is let's just be...“
Fuck you

[Verse 3]
Well, okay lady maybe I've been a bit hasty
It's just that I'm a little bit crazy about you
Okay a lot of bit crazy, but you're not gonna take me serious
It's always “Here he is my best friend
I can call him over for sex when I need it.”
And I can't believe that you're that damn conceited
But whatever I guess that's the damn reason
But I remember I was there every time you cried
Had to hide my pride and dry your eyes
Gave you advice whenever a guy would lie
Basically when you were hurt I was by your side (By your side)
But, why should I be strung along like a dumb whore?
At your front door, knowing damn well I want more. (I want more!)
Love is a game. See how easily you lose?
Oh, now you want me to be your boo? I'm sorry, but...

[Hook]
I'm a really sweet guy
I'm cute, talented, and very intelligent
And we can talk about anything
You can open up to me, you're in love with me
But not the way that I'm in love with you
I mean... I'm almost like a brother to you
It's better off that way trust me then
So you're right, I guess we should just be friends...

[Outro]
Truly yours, Charles Hamilton
Let's ride out
Bitch...