[Intro]
Since '99 nigga!
February 23rd man
February 23rd '99 dog
Never forget it
January 23rd I saw the video
Thank you!

[Verse 1]
Soon as I got the offer I knew we would be the best of friends
The day we met was when I never second guessed again
But I had to breathe a breath again, I can't call you next to kin
So I signed the deal I can feel the pressure
Cause the rest that are in the industry were wishing for your death again
Tried to warn you 'bout the things I saw when we got in the car
But we just had the talk of the millennium, never tell secrets to anyone
You got mad dough, I ain't have any ones'
So for a weekend, maybe even a day
Stay in sleep in the place I would pray just to see your face
Be a Harlem nigga, I'll be that superstar
I see the future dog, let's see if you can walk

[Hook]
In my shoes, just to see what it's like to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
Just to see what it'd be like to feel your pain
You feel mine, go inside each other's minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each other's eyes
But don't let em say you ain't beautiful
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you (So...)

[Verse 2]
I don't mean to bring family in this song
Don't get it wrong but in the morning I can hear a different song
I know you feeling down, I see the ceiling now
Cause I been getting down since I found rock bottom
Hot topic was my hangout
Stardom was always the wish by carry this wish list from Harlem
Or Cleveland, we both from the Midwest
It's insane how we both suffered
In and unless, you'll be a chump
Let's play the block watch some Harlem chicks get undressed
Call them slides my nigga
Either way we gonna ride my nigga (Huh)

You already know man
I might be the biggest fan
You might be the biggest fan
Still wasn't into playing stick at that label so...

[Hook]
In my shoes, just to see what it's like to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
Just to see what it'd be like to feel your pain
You feel mine, go inside each other's minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each other's eyes
But don't let em say you ain't beautiful
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you (So...)
Don't let em say you ain't beautiful
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you (So...)

[Outro]
Nigga I ain't cry when I got dropped man
You know why I ain't cry?
Nigga you was quoting my bars
Whatchu mean so nigga?
You was quoting my bars to my face my nigga
Forgot it? Forgot I played bass line?
You forgot about "I don't care"?
My nigga yo, I swear after that day I ain't ever...
Man, listen
Anything is possible man
I dead-ass remember, I remember
Thank you!
By the way check? Nigga you nice, haha
Charles Hamilton