[Intro]
Ya'll gotta understand, I... it took me about...
Man, fuck that
I had this song in my head for eight months
Metal doors. Stankin'-ass niggas
Back in the oven
Mic check Twenty-twleve
Danny Audio on the outside this time
Heh...
Yo...
Matter fact, fuck that, hold on
I'mma keep recording. I feel like waiting
Motherfuckin' justice made me wait
Alright, I'm ready

[Verse 1]
No more interviews, I look like a beginner in 'em
If ya'll need to, pick a clue and view it
Every summer there's a new chick
A Starchaser or a hard laser or a broad with large paper
No dick or no dough, they become Charles haters
Faraway radio stations can hear the broads hatin'
Today's topic lost her V-card to me
I didn't want to but I did, retardedly
She expected me to say she's all I need
I didn't penetrate her though, we did it cyber style
She felt it while I just kinda smiled
Haven't spoke to her in quite a while, or did I lie just now?
Do you trust me? Now you should decide my style
Time is winding down, am I a goth or do I fight the power
Which is louder? I'm focused like a hit of sour
Tarot cards, go pick a tower

[Hook]
Trust is my self right to suicide
Why trust my self right to suicide?
I lie to find, an angel in suicide
Why cry? I still have not deserved to die

[Verse 2]
So what happened to the cyberspace cherry?
She got all different, started ego trippin'
Tried to talk sense into her, she won't listen
Then again I was high, happened, it didn't
Backwards is a question, asking' for respect then
Passion is a dead end
We haven't even met yet, she has me as her best friend
The tracks I leave molested has her laughing at my essence
Only one battery accepted
Black, green, and red shit
My white girl's a masterpiece from Texas
I actually respect them, but you keep asking me to trust them
So I lie to them
No, I don't love them and don't want to fuck them
No, this just in
Injectin' lust when other questions suspend
My reliability does bend when you rush it
Lady Luck just finished blushing

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
With no condom I go incense and burn it
Infest your senses with incest from a hermit
"It could go all the way" - Chris Berman
But my former ex's disease left Chris burnin'
Former ex, like during what form of sex?
Worn by execs, important to stress "former ex"
Was I really with her?
Or was it a dope musical motion picture?
Was it cold this winter?
I was woo'd up, hot like no December
Aliens came down and I ain't even notice niggas
Said no to biblical scriptures
Went toe-to-toe with lyrical niggas
Called so-and-so a bitch, he remembers
But I was drunk and high
I ain't trying to mix it up like Duncan Hines
But believe me, I'm in a cell
No frontin' time, here's my blanket, now I'm going under mine

[Hook]