[Verse 1: Pyramid Vritra]
How've things been since we last met?
Around the time I last slept
I heard you got a dude who treats you right and you're in love with him
That kinda sucks, But I'm glad
And as for me, I'm doing Grand
Life couldn't be better since you up and left
Grand Theft Cardiac
Things were swell until you moved away in 10th grade
And said that I would stay residing in your rib cage
And now you pull this shit
I tried to be with someone but she killed it
And I left that bitch locked inside of my mother's basement
Cause It didn't work
So bitch don't you say another word
If you were loved I'd put your satisfaction first
But fuck that
If I loved you any more I'd put you in a purple hearse
While getting nookie, stealing lines from Frederick Durst
But of curse
I see we've lost worth in you
We fell out
Falling down the tubes
Dirty Selsun blue
I guess it's cool
I never wanted to but I'll get over you
Pulls out an invitation and I'm like, "This can't be fucking true.."

[Verse 2: Pyramid Vritra]
Who's this faggot Ellie?
Hope he has a lot of dough
And a bigger cock, and buys you horses, and he's fucking swoll
She laughing
I'm looking like, "Tell that fag come at me bro
I'll spike my hair and wear nothing but extra small Ed Hardy clothes"
Think I'm fucking kidding? Do you, huh? You stupid chode
You promised me your heart
You're getting married and want me to show
Up in the church and you say your vows and watch you kiss
I'm chummy with the bride's maid and all those other lonely bitches
Shit, Ima pass and if I pass I'll probably crash
During "Make it last," Telling the crowd to kiss my ass
So Maybe I'll get over it and show up with some older bitch
With gifts and shit, saying "I'm happy for you," asking about your little ones
But if I never show, it's not cause my heart is cold
It's cause I wasn't chosen
To be the one you grow
Old with in Elder homes
And now I'm all alone
Coupled with a noose, the closet, and your favorite song
Fuck You

[Verse 3: Pyramid Vritra]
The past is in the past where you left me
But this meeting
Although brief'll be the last I'm attending
Falling in a pit of rage and grips of jealousy
Depression fuels my every breath
And every step you take induces blows
To the chest, knuckles gold
You in a dress that's white as snow
Increase damage hundreth fold
And now I'm under your control
Deprived of soul, im vexed
And the feeling's cold, Fuck it
I'll smoke the pain away Sativa got me froooze

[Bridge 1: Jay Cue]
Now I'm gone (Where ya go?)
Somewhere secret, you wouldn't know
Just know I'm looking at you down below (down below)
But If I didn't cope this way, I swear I'd end it all one day
But that's not today
I'll burn it all away

[Verse 4: Pyramid Vritra]
Shit, indica got me gone
Thoughts of what we could've been
Fuck anther date Ellie
I'm thinking bout the diamonds I would drench you in
Bragging to your friends about how we ... should be illegal
And calling you every night, to dig you out and scoop the Steelo
Now? All your girls are jealous and it's funny
But in reality we both know you never dumped me
Leaving for a few years then greeting with a fucking invitation to a weddding
Is like stabbing me while fucking, whatever happened to going steady?

[Bridge 2: Matt Martians]
The stress Kills me everyday its in my head
I got to get this feeling out my head (8x)

[Verse 5: Pyramid Vritra]
Stress piles up and I can't run away
Seeping through the inner walls of my inner membrane
Falling through the darkness via harem
Caged in bitter rage
Filled sleepless nights
The fact she'll be that nigga's wife kills me inside
FUCK IT!
Fuck her
Fuck us
This maldesigned, poorly structured love
Caves and flourishes before my eyes
Vivid
Staggered dagger blows into my heart
Make sure the thought's resides
Insuring I can get this concubine outta my system

[Bridge 3: Matt Martians]
I got to get this feeling out my head (8x)

[Verse 6: Pyramid Vritra]
These densly and pigmented thoughts are now my only friends
This closet I reside in stands for little more than failed attempts
Red hues penetrate my vision, air is hard to grasp
Falling to the carpet, Death's embrace was graced with slippery hands
Grim, you fucking up by letting Jesus inturrupt
Hals within a button up and tie adorns purple tux
I guess that I'm showing up, cause I can hardly give a fuck
I'll probably crash and scrape the dash and head on the the groom's truck

[Dialog 1: RoseGold Dutch Masters]
Howdy Y'all
Representing this here RoseGold
I know right?
Oh so you just gonna leave like right when I start talking on the mic
I see you, bitch nigga
I bet you ain't sippin on what I'm sippin on
That orange juice
Fuck with me nigga

[Bridge 4: RoseGold Dutch Masters]
After this wedding, then you and your girls can come over and fuck (3x)
After this wedding, then you and your girls can come over and fuck (Played In Reverse)
After this wedding, then you and your girls can come over and fuck (2½ times)
After this wedding, then you and your girls can come over and fuck (Resumed ½ In Reverse)

[Verse 7: Pyramid Vritra]
I crashed through the lonely hearts club in the front row
Yelling out obscenities, the children cupped their ears closed
"Your mother's a slut!" I yelled
She calls me a psycho
But The voices in my talking head are killing me... (Bitch!)
Cheers flying, Mom's crying, Groom's dying
As soon as I find him, losing footing when the moonshine hits
Pastor's clutching his bible, mumbling shit in silence
And the waiter's like, "I don't get paid for this, Y'all niggas wildin'"
Two police trucks pull up and bust through the cathedral doors
Yelling, "No one move and everybody lay down on the floor!"
But little did they know my plan was free of any flaws or scorns
The cop grabs Elenor and throws Johnny's body towards the floor
And now he's looking up confused and asking God what he would do this for
I'm yapping on the free cakes and the hors d'oeuvre that they catered
Cop two's late, grabs the gun and shoots Elenor

[Dialog 2: Pyramid Vritra, Cop, Elenor]

-Pyramid Vritra-
What the fuck?! Man that wasn't part of the plan!
-Cop 2-
Wait wait wait wait wait..
He told me to and said that you would understand
-Pyramid Vritra-
Bitch, what's your fucking problem?
-Elenor-
Shes the problem and I love you!
-Pyramid Vritra-
No! Shut the fuck up!
-Elenor-
But I thought you felt the same about me!

[Verse 8: Pyramid Vritra]
Yadda yadda, feel this lead inside your rib cage
John stands up, Blood spattered, and he's enraged
Breaks out through the back, and heads around to get the 12-Gauge
I fired out a few and barely missed him and the fag escaped
So fuck it, I'll take this bitch and we'll plan our fucking getaway

[Verse 9: Vince Staples (as Johnny)]
What in the fuck was that?
Guess it's time to run to the back
Cause my guns in the back
Got a pump for this gassed up nigga tryna fuck my shit up
Hopefully this nigga learns not to fuck with me when I clip up. Shit!
Came here for a love and affection, Now a motherfucker embarrassed and pissed off
All this heartbreak shit gets my dick soft
Me and my bitch got a date with a rigshaw
Honeymoon down in Typhoon country
Quit with that cryin' cause a ho don't love me
Lose a ho and get soft like puffy
That's what a bitch nigga do
Don't let your heart get you hit with a tool
Run if you want but my whip do too
On the freeway ain't no duckin from the fades
Stay from the beach if you scared of the waves
Good on gas, put $50 on the tank
Catch you on the interstate like the freeway sniper
Round Dodge Viper
V12 Engine, Black backpack with a Mac-12 in it
Windows down, Front windshield tinted so you can't see me but I'm on your head
No doubt, I want you dead
Ice your mama if the bitch wanna go to the feds
Match the hole in your heart with a hole in your head
John 3:16 the story was read
When that nigga bled

[Verse 10:]
My..
Hat is fitted trucker, fucker, better listen up
John's pulling fast behind me, I could hardly give a fuck
Wolf via aux
Blow got my mind fucked up
Murmur another word, I'll merge your fucking face with black truck
Gauge your eyes out then put this golf wang in your fucking stomach
While leaving out some vital information's hard for you to stomach
Johnny turns his brights on, and I'm tryna commute
Back across the border into Canada
And make sure that we Ustream it on camera
Hyped as fuck off of meth-en-'juana-oxy-cotin puffs
From a McGuyvered inhaler rig bought from Mexicans
Rolling, having epileptic shocks from lack of oxygen
Playing Brian Pumper's greatest hits
Crying in agony, bearing off the road
Yelling, "Bitch why the fuck wouldn't you marry me?"
You promised we'd live happily
No-fucking takesies backsies scouts
Honor ripped the tape and shoved the dick inside her fuckin' mouth..
In and out, when endowed, penis out
Thought this was a front? Welp I guess you know the deal now
I loved you, with all my fucking heart, I'd never hurt you
Bitch you broke our fucking promise and that's fucked up
Remember when you promised me your hand in marriage after school, remember that?
How the fuck you just decide to take it back?
Thus its back to black and frankly I could give a damn where that nigga's at
I'm smoking camel packs this fags on fire, lips around his ...
Glock in hand
Hit a pothole, swerve into a broken van
Sippy sips, got me feeling tippy tip
As we flippy flip down the hill into the black abyss
Johnny's swift pulls up to the sight looking for broken limbs and screaming kids
But there were no remaining carcasses
Around the grounds the leak still hadn't and sparked it
Points the gun in my direction, Yelling, Tells me not to start it
But this awkward social Darwin nigga's like, "Fuck that, I'm dartin'"
I ain't gettin shot
Tonight I'll bury cock
Even if this faggot thinks he'll kill me with his purple Glock
These unreleased shots of Oxycontin got me feelin' hot
I'm high as fuck..
I'll grab the girl, dodge the bullet, then I'll get the fuck away
And steal this fucker's purple Yukon and call it a fucking day, Piece of cake
But if he actually hits me then I'm fucking screwed
"Kill me, Johnny, kill me"!
But at least do it as I would do:
Lock me in a room with burning gasoline vapors wrapped in tin foil
Next to my wife
And all your neighbors put my hand upon her boobs
Slit my back a "22"
Paint a "3" up on my chest with blood and lead
Carve pyramids in my head
Break both of my fucking legs, tuck my eyes into my pockets of my purple vest
Make her watch me say I love her 'til the second that I'm dead
Play this in your head
Make her watch me say I love her 'til the second that I'm dead
I said..
Play this in your head
Make her watch me say I love her 'til the second that I'm dead
I said..
Play this in your head
Make her watch me say I love her 'til the second that I'm dead