[Verse 1]
Remember we had them nextels booming
They won since day one, hard knock students
We was stupid with our quick to shoot it out
Whats the drama to a nigga with no father
Just a mama and she using now
[?] Jewish now, bitches stupid now, take it down
All she know is clothes and the candy for her nose
Love these hoes, hope I never get a daughter of my own
Karma always had a crazy way of hitting close to home
We was hitting homes, 'fore that we was hitting phones
Kodac had us sitting [?] stationed, couple niggas told
Hold that burner to his dome, if he move then let it go
Ice cold mothafucka should have froze
Yeah, my first job was Def Jam records
Married to Ramona, best man, my Berreta
Blood on my Margielas from a wig and you ain't tripping nigga
Had the homies go and kill a nigga, really cripping nigga
Carnivores, used to drive unlisted Accord
With the a pistol in the door and a stick on the floor
Ready for War, pray to the Lord for more food stamps
Since them new [?] 'til I seen Crime Pays
All gas no breaks, no off days or off switch
Fast life got me nauseous, I lost it
Money wild, start to see it, start to see the changes
Started wearing name of Queen and started leaving niggas hanging

[Verse 2]
Prayer couldn't save me from my sinning
Once I seen my Granny gun I knew I had to get me one
Seen the dirty money rose and wonder where she got it from
April of 2004, remember when it all begun
When we borrowed Grandaddy Caddy tryna make a run
Jerry caught a bullet in the mouth before the Pistons won
Seen them pile one by one in my Aunt Nina car
Came back; eyes blood shot, red beating heart
Something in a nigga man, I knew I had to be apart
Always let 'em see ya eyes but never said "we see ya heart"
Couple lessons I was taught by my people coming up
Weak niggas die in the street nigga, toughen up

[Verse 3]
This ain't my first car ride with [?]
Been in the hands of the law, niggas lost
They don't know that you pawns to the plan of the man
.32 in my draws, catch me with it if ya can
Candle lights in the hood every night in the hood
We don't fight in the hood, hide the nine in the hood of the car
If you ain't got no license to push through the streets
Where the scared don't eat, should I wet my feet
When I turned thirteen in these Long Beach streets
Heard the deuce deuce ring at a Lakewood game
And I send back three, nigga had no aim but they knew 'bout me
Pulling out that thing, scare the stewl out beef
Call the 911 cause I got that gun
Know my time gon' come when my past catch me
So I live life fast tryna catch this green

[Verse 4]
[?] tube socks, two straps, two Glocks
Hop out and knock on yo' block
I'm from Ramona, bang that shit around the corner get shot
Been running fades since baby Jordan days [?]
Sporting waves, ain't caught no cases, blame my mama .38
Might die for this shit nigga
Four five with no clip in it
Bus rides for them licks nigga
Fuck school, I can take your shit quicker
Lil bro [?] drunk off hard liquor
Come through, better bring your god witcha
[?], gangster crip and we move for real
No hesitation, that medication the homies deal
Got smokers chilling off 68
Hoes walking down Artesia still
Make baby bank and might catch a case
[?] catch a [?] just catch a flip
And then do the business like [?] would say
Niggas know where my homies stay
I'm anything cross that border [?]
Don't send in that partner, got my partner brand new Chevrolet