(Intro)
This shit ain't easy
Y'all already know how I'm rockin'
Tre Seven
Bang Bang!
And nigga it's the Glizzy Gang!

(Hook)
I'm coolin' with my glizzies (glizzies, bow!)
And bitch we run the city (we run the city)
Nigga I'm 3 milli (aww!), I'mma catch your grandmother and shoot her in her titties (blew blew blew blew!)
Don't be fuckin' with my glizzies (glizzies!) bad boys like Diddy (BOW!)
Keep talkin' bout designer lil nigga you filthy (bang bang!)
You keep that shit 3 hunna (bang bang!) I keep that shit 3 milli (bang bang!)
Catch you ridin' around in that Audi I'mma hit you with this semi (skurt! BOW!)

(Verse 1)
Chief Keef don't wanna be him (nahh!) this bitch nigga made me tweet him (aww!)
I can't wait to see him (can't wait) you keep it 3 hunna, I keep this shit 3 M's (bang bang!)
You sound like you 40 (aww!) and you only 17 years old (lil nigga!)
Nigga I gotta 40 (BOW!) I'm only 19 and ballin' like I'm D. Rose (swoosh!)
You told me I'm tweakin (tweakin!) nigga watch what you tweetin' (watch what you tweetin')
All my belts designer, do you wanna Fendi beatin'? (aww!)
How you gon tweet a diss song and you don't even know me? (don't know me!)
Sosa got himself in this so now Sosa owe me!
Talkin' 'bout "a soft ass DC nigga" (huh!?) bet you won't come and do no shows in DC nigga (never!)
I'm the streets hottest youngin (FIRE!) and it's 'bout to get chilly (aww!)
Fuck a 3 hunna nigga I'm 3 milli (bang bang!)

(Hook)
I'm coolin' with my glizzies (glizzies, bow!)
And bitch we run the city (we run the city)
Nigga I'm 3 milli (aww!) I'mma catch your grandmother and shoot her in her titties (blew blew blew blew!)
Don't be fuckin' with my glizzies (glizzies!) bad boys like Diddy (BOW!)
Keep talkin' bout designer lil nigga you filthy (bang bang!)
You keep that shit 3 hunna (bang bang!) I keep that shit 3 milli (bang bang!)
Catch you ridin' around in that Audi I'mma hit you with this semi (skurt! BOW!)

(Scarface skit)
"You wanna go to war? Come on. You wanna go to war? We take you to war, okay!"

Ion like!
Sneak Dissers that's that shit I don't like!
Ay Keef, I thought you ain't like sneak disses either nigga?
Fake ass young nigga
Look...

(Verse 2)
Big 30s that's that shit I really like (BOW!)
Lil dirty niggas, that's that shit I don't like (I don't like!)
Beefin' all on twitter, that's that shit I don't like (don't like!)
Ain't even livin' already tryna lose ya life (aww!)
Gucci with tennis shoes, that's that shit I don't like (don't like!)
I got on Jimmy Choo's, that's that shit your bitch like! (bitch like!)
Dick riding, that's that shit I don't like (don't like!)
Look up to niggas eatin' ass shawdy you a dike (ugh!)
Nigga you ain't no migo why the fuck they call you Sosa? (Sosa!)
In jail we played spades, bluffin' niggas played poker (what you know?)
Stop talkin' like you out here, nigga you on house arrest
Run up in yo house and lay yo whole fuckin' house to rest (blew blew blew blew!)
Young street nigga, all I do is get money
I don't like these niggas, I think these niggas funny
I never been to Chicago, but my favorite team the Bulls (my bulls!)
Ain't eatin' off this rap shit, my trap keep me full (mm!)
You want 5 m's for a verse (verse) that's my shoes and shirt (shirt)
Give my young nigga 5 hunna, he a put you in a hearse (get at me!)
Had my niggas fuckin' with you, now they out to get you (to get cha!)
I just shitted, now gon spend 3 hunna on some tissue (aww!)

Ion likeee!
Ion likeee!
Bang Bang!