[Intro: Shy Glizzy]
Yeah
Yeah yeah
Young Jefe holmes
Yeah
Run that back Turbo

[Chorus: Shy Glizzy]
Choppers on deck, everything is on demand
You want a check, first you gotta have a plan
And she soaking wet, she drippin', goddamn
My little butter pecan, yeah she got a tan
Girl you need a man, and he need them bands
And y'all need a plan, and y'all can't be playin'
Do you understand, what the fuck that I'm sayin'?
Do you understand, yeah yeah, what the fuck that I'm sayin'?

[Verse 1: Shy Glizzy]
It's a new day, I'm makin' plays (Yeah)
Here come Young Jefe, get out of my way (Young Jefe)
Ghost ridin' the Wraith, she said it's not safe (Woo)
Two bands on my shirts, bitch get out of my face (Whoa)
Girl can't you see it's a lot on my plate? (Yeah)
Girl can't you see that they lyin', they fake? (Yeah)
I'm makin' money, not makin' mistakes (No no)
Already don't like me, I know they gon' hate (Ayy)
She fuck me good, just like she should (Yeah)
She fix me breakfast and roll me a 'Wood
Ain't leavin' never, and that's understood
Really respect her when she in the hood (Whoa)
Really respect her when she in the mall (Whoa)
Gucci my letterman, that's how I ball (Swish)
She say I'm a gentleman and I'm a boss (Boss)
Girl you're so elegant, ain't got a flaw (Oh)
I’m very repellent (Yeah)
To all of my exes (What? What?)
They say that I'm arrogant (Yeah)
My bitch, she intelligent (Hey-ey)
I'm sippin' on medicine (Yeah)
They can't get no evidence (Oh)
Drastic measurement (Oh oh)
This shit was heaven sent (Yeah yeah, oh)

[Chorus: Shy Glizzy & Tory Lanez]
Choppers on deck, everything is on demand
You want a check, first you gotta have a plan
And she soaking wet, she drippin', goddamn (Drippin', goddamn)
My little butter pecan, yeah she got a tan (She got a tan)
Girl you need a man (You need a man)
And he need them bands (He need them bands)
And y'all need a plan (Y'all need a plan)
And y'all can't be playin' (Y'all can't be playin')
Do you understand (Oh-oh), what the fuck that I'm sayin'? (Oh-oh)
Do you understand, yeah yeah, what the fuck that I'm sayin'?

[Verse 2: Tory Lanez]
Ayy, do you understand? (Do you understand?)
What the fuck that I'm sayin'? (Fuck that I'm sayin')
I got money in rubber band, yeah
I got hundreds in money bags, yeah
In the back of the van, ooh
I used to eat out a can, flew
Straight from a flight to Sudan, two
Bad lil' bitches to fuck me, and no I didn't plan, the plan is
Fuckin' you in the van, and beatin' it up like it's MMA
Ain't cuffin' no pussy that's innocent
I fuck it and put it on better days
And I be smellin' like lemonade out a Minute Maid
In Aventador, pull up in a door
And it's any days, put you in a daze
Aw yeah yeah, aw yeah yeah
Do you understand? (Do you understand?)
I used to hit the corner, really pitch it to you underhand (To you underhand)
I hit the block on the Fourth (Fourth)
All my niggas do the most (Most)
Me and Glizzy like the bros
Disappearing in the Ghost, woah

[Chorus: Shy Glizzy]
Choppers on deck, everything is on demand
You want a check, first you gotta have a plan
And she soaking wet, she drippin', goddamn
My little butter pecan, yeah she got a tan
Girl you need a man, and he need them bands
And y'all need a plan, and y'all can't be playin'
Do you understand, what the fuck that I'm sayin'?
Do you understand, yeah yeah, what the fuck that I'm sayin'?

[Verse 3: Gunna]
We need a safe, house with a lake (Yeah)
Big Body Benz, Rollie big face (Yeah)
Cartier lens, I see the fake (I see the fake)
Dodgin' the case, gotta escape (Yeah)
Eat every day, I keep food on the plate
She fuck me good, wake up, feedin' me grapes
Stones in my ears, still can't hear what you say (Woah)
Me, Jefe took the Rolls Royce outer space (Woah)
Two stacks 220 and I'm tryna race (Yeah)
She got that money, we fuck at the bank (Uh)
Niggas turn fraud when you tell 'em you can't
I order ship, I'm not lettin' it sink (Nah)
You gon' get rich or just live with your rank? (Huh?)
Got three or four watches, still no time to wait
Inside lookin' out, it ain't all what you think
You gon' ride or die, hold me down to grave (Down to the grave)
It's hard paintin' a picture without all the paint
I look in your eyes and I can't see the pain (Uh)
I just want a boss so I give her a raise (Uh)
I know you a diamond, don't need to appraise
You just need a hero to know that you safe
Just met the agency, gon' get me paid (Paid)
I buy one more chain and I’m gon' be a slave

[Chorus: Shy Glizzy]
Choppers on deck, everything is on demand
You want a check, first you gotta have a plan
And she soaking wet, she drippin', goddamn
My little butter pecan, yeah she got a tan
Girl you need a man, and he need them bands
And y'all need a plan, and y'all can't be playin'
Do you understand, what the fuck that I'm sayin'?
Do you understand, yeah yeah, what the fuck that I'm sayin'?