[Phone call from cannon:]
"Nigga tell me earlier 'yea man im trynna
Um.. I'm trynna alleviate something' I say Get
Yo bitchass off the phone, don't ever call us
Talking about you trynna squash something
For us, Nigga we a.. we on't do no squashing nothing
You heard me?"
"Yeaaah"
"Im trynna alleviate something because this a this a life
Or death situation here, What you so.. what you
Trynna say"
"Yeaaah"
"Damn, nigga better off fighting aids or cancer than
Fucking wit anything over this way, You heard me?"
Laughs
"Love yall niggas doe, Ima hit y'all tomar these
People finna' lock us down you heard me?"
"Yeaaah"
"Damn man, Ya'll stay tight out there man"
"Man, Leave a message for them people man"
"All y'all gotta do is put suspenders on them big slack
Ass nigggas, I told you what they out here doing, slackin'
You hear me, Put them suspenders on they asses
And keep em' up you heard me?"
"Yeaaah"
"Thats what you gah' do you gah' preach to em'
You heard me?"
"Yeaaah"
"They on't say amen, Yea I know what to do, Baptize they ass"
"Hahaha"
"Laughs. Forreal man, Love y'all man"
"Love you too"

[Intro]
You see the thing about these niggas
Yelling real nigga this and real nigga that
Most of these fuck niggas dont know the definition
Of a real motherfuckin' nigga doe
See I gots to give it up to these young niggas
Thats taking penitentiary nigga
Niggas in the same outfit for 3 days on the block
Trying to get that set, nigga

[Hook: Shy Glizzy]
You threw your life away, threw your life away
You was just here yesterday, you went and threw your life away
They took your life away, took your life away
Man I hope and pray the streets don't take my life away
[x2]

[Verse 1: Shy Glizzy]
Screaming "Free the Gang"
Y'all don't feel my pain
Fuck your bling-bling, they got all my boys in chains
Every single one of them done bust a nigga brains
Nigga Bang Bang, we the fucking murder team
Who would've thought it all started with some throwback topics We had some BB guns we ain't never used to wrestle
Y'all niggas is rap dudes, we know that is not you
We not gon' attack you, someone just gon clap you
I don't fuck with no one else, I'm from 37th street
Out here thuggin' by myself, don't nobody mess with me
We at different pedigree, you can't get the recipe
I am living so fast you can't even get next to me

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Plies]
Niggas ask me erry' day, nigga
When I'm gon leave da streets alone?
Told them niggas never nigga
I'm tryin to bring C-Murder home
Three of my closest partners gone
Added all their time up, 122 years
Think my niggas been lyin' or somethin'
I used to fear da feds, nigga
No, not no fucking more
Cuz they the ones that's roping niggas
You pussy niggas, who telling tho
Same nigga that is poppin' bottles
Same nigga that is riding foreign
Same nigga that playin real
Be the same nigga thats tellin on ya
Salute to the niggas who didn't tell
All the niggas worldwide
Never respected a fuck nigga
The ones who snitched to cut they time
Leave me and my niggas alone
Let the real niggas ball
You want to tell somethin'
Tell the world that you a fuck nigga dawg

[Hook]

[Outro: Shy Glizzy]
Where are the damn clothes?
I go away one second
They say the streets ain't got no paper
I see it now
Glizzy Gang, bang bang
Man I hope and pray the streets, don't take my life away
Man I hope, I pray the streets don't take my life away