C-Sick, C-Sick, C-Sick....

[Hook] x2
Said I wanna get faded, faded (yeah..)
And I gotta keep it gold for the one-two
We know that a mothafucka faded, faded (right..)
Hold up, hold up, hold up, roll up, pour up
We faded, faded (right..)
Ain't nobody ever told me shit, like Cody shit
We faded, faded (yeah..)
Said i wanna get faded, faded (yeah..)

[Verse 1: Just Juice]
This window seat that we ride
To little bit of weed get high
To need that heat I provide
You gotta get a piece of that pie
To vision clear cut the sky
Blue never gave a fuck 'bout that shit
My girl need focus to my motives
So I know I won't quit
And you know I keep it G from '01
Doin' air fulla [?]
Ain't nobody ever hand me shit
Back in the day when I knew I wanted a start
Got a broad with a hand on my dick
Bringing that bomb shit, that sound the alarm shit
Shout out to Della Kinetic
Incredible when I'm absorbing the flow and the crowd
Know that my timing impeccable
Wait..
Can I player just chill?
World on my shoulder the flow in my grill
Girl on my phone finna blow up my bill
Ain’t no rest for the wicked I just wanna kick it
Living the minute for real
Fucker better doubt it, my action is louder
I'm proud of myself is what matters
So take it, just for the vibe and get faded

[Hook] x2

[Verse 2: Mod Sun]
(Yo, yo, Mod Sun!)
Said I wanna get faded, faded
It ain't complicated
Take a pound, break it down, bake it
I be medicated, feeling like I made it
My doctor told me I'm his favorite patient (Why?)
'Cus I'm on the ounce a day diet
If you got them rookie lungs you should not try it
We on that pro shit that blow a whole ocean
That god damn when hitting I feel like I'm floatin'
It's all that we know and
Yeah, my flow is raw like the papers I'm smokin'
And this shit just hit like the blunts that I'm rollin'
It's weird I'm on fivers 'till I be the coldest
And I don't come in 'till all I got is moments
I hot box the whip and do doughnuts in traffic
I swear I'm an addict
I just got a package to deal with my habits
I ask for a pound and poof, like magic-faded
I feel like a plug everywhere that I go
'Cus I got that good shit and everyone know
That those joints on stage when I'm playing the show
I blow a hit, that shit look like a ghost
Man, I love my life, won't trade it
We don't give a fuck about what they sayin'
We got no time for that hate-you, me, juice
So we're here gettin' faded

[Hook] x2