(Verse 1)
I woke up today & said I was gonna write
The best sentences of my entire life
So if this be the last song that I ever make
Let the whole world know I got what it take to…
Break barriers, carry sound like a stereo
Floatin to the top, If ya need a life I can carry ya
Slippin on the vibe I suggest you step out my area
Ok there we go. th-th there we go
Swore to my mama I would never “simma down now”
Gang of cool friends & lots of marijuana
Clouds in the ride, the vibe just like a sauna
And we ain't bouta lay it down til the sun come…
Up from under, I wonder, I really think a lot
I see how things are goin & through that I gain a train of thought
To see whats in ya head & not just sittin right in front of ya
And judge no one, I ain't cooler than none of ya!
Thats some old-soul shit
Probably got it past down from a guru meditating
On a mountain never waitin for the day to come to him
& in that state of mind everything happens on tempo. (right on time)
Right-on times infinity
Grew some wings I plan to get the wind beneath
All sights set on having zero enemies
And make an impact before the end of me

(Chorus)
We rage all night!
Wait until we make it
Whatever we like!
Wait until we make it
Nothin but green lights!
Wait until we make it
See you at the finish line

(Verse 2)
I’m the next ghandi, i’m probably a prodigy
Honestly, Im more about what’s on the inside than anatomy
Clearly the highest power of the universe is quite fond of me
Probably cause i’m teachin you how to live properly
There’s no stoppin me, scratch that, “no stoppin we”!
Fast track with a backpack, own this decade call it property
Bout to take it back, commit somethin like robbery
All good from here on out, my karma pays just like the lottery
I’m movin in motions, impulses controllin
I’m never hopin i’m knowin, & not just tellin i’m showin
You see the rate that we goin?
Shit, we practically glowin
The future look golden, classic composin
#FriendBase is growin, no plans on slowin down…
They abused the word “selfish”
Why the fuck shouldn’t I be at the top of my list?
Don’t get it wrong i’m here to help…
But the “help” helps more once you help yourself
I’m for everyone the Lisa, Jessie, & Kelly’s
The Zach, Slater, Screech, & Mr. Belding’s
There ain't nothin you can tell me
Show up blazed right as the bell ring
Still no stress with every breath i’m free of any care
We gon cruise around the city & act like we the damn mayor
Still from Blooming, but they know us everywhere
Damn this is our year & its has never been so clear, we’re here!
And got no plans on leaving
Everything we got what is exactly what we’ve been giving
They’ll be no dead-ends, you gon keep on living
CAUSE EVERY FINISH LINE IS JUST ANOTHER BEGINNING