[Intro]
Oji, Tokyo (Tokyo!)
That’s my hood
That’s my hood (Oji!)

[Verse 1 : KOHH]
Here’s what they said
If KOHH wasn’t doing music, he’d have been a piece of shit instead (Don’t talk shit!)
Yeah, that’s it
No doubt, but about other people, I don’t talk shit
If you wanna say it then be my guest, go ahead say it (Go ahead!)
All y’all talking suck dicks (Suck a dick!)
For real
No, no, no
The boys in my hood are my real friends though
Sorry, I don’t need no more (No more!)
They’ve got London and England at the station in Oji, Tokyo
I’ve already been to London though
I used to be broke but it’s all good now
It ain’t just me, everyone’s doing great
That’s how I like it, so talk that good shit not hate (Talk!)
It makes me worry when you down too many sleeping pills, of course (Of course!)
It’s filled with crooked cats and a whole lot of hustlers but that’s… (That’s!)

[Hook]
That’s my hood (My hood!)
Take trips abroad but the good times, that’s my hood
That’s my hood (My hood!)
Where the all the thugs hustle, ‘cause that’s what they do
That’s my hood
I see drugs everywhere but I’m comfortable there, that’s my hood (Oji!)
That’s my hood (Tokyo!)
North Tokyo, Oji
That’s my hood, that’s my hood!

[Verse 2 : Y's]
Lot of these lames be looking the other way (Lames!)
I hate what I hate, that’s all I ever wanna say
Somebody from somewhere, I don’t care
Don’t give a fuck about them over there
It’s nothing but bullshit that I don’t wanna hear (Shut up!)
Oji Oji Oji it’s number one (Yeah!)
Living how I want, shit’s hella fun (Fun!)
When we were young, hangin’ at Asukayama
Shit we did as kids, nothing’s real changed hah!
Cassette tape blamin’, kick push, friends scooter ridin’ tandem
My OGs flew too high and died (R.I.P)
It’s all sad, nah that ain’t it
The friends I’ve got left… Man, Oji’s the shit!
Looking at the Sumida I used to always think that
One day we’d put this town on the map (Oji!)
Still a lot I wanna do though, so stand the fuck back
Started from zero, my hood’s the best muthafucka

[Verse 3 : KOHH]
There’s good guys and there’s bad (There’s good guys and there’s bad)
But they all work hard (Work!)
Can’t normally see my tats, but my body’s covered
Everyone’s got kids
It’s as if overnight they all became adults, but nothing changes (The same!)
We weren’t raised very well (Well!)
We’re probably fucked up (Fucked up!)
So what? (What?!)
I’m proud of being born here!
That’s my hood (Oji!)

[Hook]