My shit is a little bit broad for the taste at the top;

You could look your nose down if you want

But if you do, nerdcore'll pass you by

Oops! Found it habit forming, had you avid for the high

Has you laughing in the eye, snorting through the left nostril:

That's a withdrawal symptom, the kind to make agnostics hostile

Or make a true believer pray

That the nerd rhyme might return some day



...Got obliterated by the nerdcore flow



I like sophistication. That's obvious, right?

I never easy-upped a lyric in attempt to delight

The ever larger and dumber swaths of population

I run this operation. I grew impatient with the ratio

Of smarties to dims;

Offhand when I named it, yet hardly a whim

I been discarding the trim ever since, soaking fat up

And luxuriating in the recognition from the kids who got the bad upkeep

On their personal space

Who were too bright to learn shit like manners, taste

Concentrate! I'm discussing the elevated

The tips-top of think-thunk. The pinnacles of armor-plated

Upbraided by the combed-hair crowd;

Comebacks concocted, not said out loud

Would have been incomprehensible to the hebetudinous

That's why my comedy's low when laughing at you's at the root of this



My shit is a little bit broad for the taste at the top;

You can look your nose down if you want

Oh noes, where'd your taste go?

Got obliterated by the nerdcore flow!



And that's a crit I never get. They say I rock, but too focused

Each old-school vocal twixt node and locus

Invokes this nostalgia. I'm tamping it down

(and I'll yell, "keep settled!" while I'm stamping around)

Because the future's got a brilliance. Still, I mean: clever

How many dumbenings-down? Count 'em up: none whatever

Zero umbrellas to protect from disdain:

I put my worst foot forward, code it hard in the name

Nerdcore. Just the way that it sounds

You're always looking for a treatise, Frontalot can expound

If I don't for the sake of the already-mentioned dull-witted

Just take what you can from out the lyric. I put in it

Every miniscule intention, every motive, every clue

Every riddle to unravel, everything you've got to do

To make the rhyme happen. If you don't, so sad

But if you grok, talk of dumb joke rap gets forbad



All the high-brows pointing out my four-bit words

Up in the next breath tell me nerdcore's absurd

Shut up, ass head! You and your big talk can go screw

I'll aim my loafer at your bottom, probably cuss at you too

Probably fuss and go blue before I cease my little tantrum

Put my whining on the loop, "nerdcore" describes the anthem

Call it all foolishness? Mostly wouldn't disagree

Titanic ego, low self esteem