I remember back in the previous millennium
When, um, nerds were sighted, it was “Ready? Get ‘em!”
You’d hide it if you could, but none of us were able
Maybe congregate together and discuss the label
Maybe form a roundtable of the meek folk
Even chuckle at what we deemed an elite joke:
The elevation of our intellects and our low status
Intersecting in sadness. It was so bad, it was
Awful, I was there, I remember it
I was present at the founding of the syndicate
A pleasant moment of comradery
When we swore we’d shape the world to how it ought to be
We’d make everything perfect
Tempt the planet with heavenly circuits
Work it till we’re what the world is in need of
Thought there was only good nerds at the meet-up

CHORUS:

You don’t need to be bad nerd
Step away from the dark side
You don’t need to be bad nerd
You can muster some pride
You don’t have to be bad

Our conspiracy spread rapidly
None of the cool kids knew what was happening
A-list: Peter Jackson, Sam Raimi
Want your geek satisfactions? Pay Me
Make it free, then charge them when the bill comes
Yo, internet, where’d you get your skills from?
How’d you hide in every pocket
Every step of the way maintaining an open socket
Worming into their psyches
Giving them weird nerd urges however unlikely
Ever so slightly instilling
Nerd rage into the unwilling?
Bad nerds ascending with no ceiling
Kind of like we always did: the opposite of chilling
Cannot stand a slight, demands a killing
It’s bad for that to be fulfilling

CHORUS:

You don’t need to be bad nerd
Step away from the dark side
You don’t need to be bad nerd
You can muster some pride
You don’t have to be bad

Bad nerds, hacking the election and the top ten
Didn’t even stop then
Make ‘em gargle on your hot phlegm
Might even SWAT your friends. Show your raw contempt
For anyone who isn’t nerd at all
That’s when you lost the plot, you got enthralled
By power for its own sake
Up in my geekery tower, seeking my own break
From fucking getting hassled
Why you got to make nerd mean asshole?
Why you got to make internet cruel?
Turn part of it into a murderous idiot school
Turn the rest of it into paranoia fuel
Wreck the normies, they’re annoying you
But what you’re wrecking is the clique you represent
You don’t need to be bad. Ain’t too late to repent


CHORUS:

You don’t need to be bad nerd
Step away from the dark side
You don’t need to be bad nerd
You can muster some pride
You don’t have to be bad