[Hook: M.C. Frontalot]
People are incredibly cannibal some—indeed all—of the time
Anonymous animals eating fruit off the vine
And I mind when the vine fruit eaten is me
Disenfranchisement of Frontalot MC

[Verse 1: M.C. Frontalot]
Come and be skeptical, come and see spectacle
Bear witness to misdirects I expect to pull
As I get let full access to the war chest
I’ll afford you any outcome. Come on, shout some requests!
Like: Yea on the vote for: I get to count votes
Contract to me? Don’t you see shit floats?
And I hope I don’t break my back in the battening
Of hatches. Indicate a smattering of latches
Under oath, and we’re covered, it’s cool
Under those, exquisitely tooled
Patchwork of fail-safes and tamperproof seals
At which the hax0r kids scamper with zeal
But it still don’t matter who proves concept
Long bet against it getting to committee; non-threat
Give you any vote you want, never once get caught
At the election emporium of MC Frontalot

[Verse 2: Random]
My black box, that’s what I used to vote with
Till I realized that I’m still a culprit
Well, let me explain, I’m hip to the game
Listen carefully, so you don’t get caught up the same
You see, I used to vote faithfully, but nowadays
I’d rather just wait and see, ‘cause these folks
Never cared about saving me: since slavery, look what they gave to me
Since way back when, check it out, we was all taught
In school that we could each make a difference
Now I realize that history is written by the winners
And it’s all just misrepresented
You cast your vote? How can you be sure
That the machines that you’re using are totally secure?
By television, books, even teachers at school
You’re better off playing the Lotto, ‘cause you’re
Gambling with your future if you choose to follow
So I’d rather sit at home with my hand on the bottle
Living for today, ‘cause I don’t care about tomorrow

[Verse 3: M.C. Frontalot]
Radical claptrap will bubble at the edges
Of the citizenry among the young and the restless
But the free and the young never battle for nothing;
They let me pickpocket votes, take the roads but they’re bluffing
And gone are the days, tombstones on the voter rolls
Now it’s all ports and diodes and nodes
And stickers and trucks and look, we’ve got it in hand
Go read the tinhatterati, you want a sinister plan
Just trust we deliver on the balloting day
You need deniability while you’re pretending to pray
And I’ve got to get to work ‘cause you’re ten points down
And I better be your co-chair—I built this town!
If you’re looking for a bargain on a way to prevail
Ohio and Florida are still on sale
But I’ve got to charge a lobbying fee for the service
'Cause folks want to vote and they’re making me nervous

[Hook: M.C. Frontalot]
People are incredibly cannibal some—indeed all—of the time
Anonymous animals eating fruit off the vine
And I mind when the vine fruit eaten is me
Disenfranchisement of Frontalot MC