[Verse 1]
Oh, man! I try to dodge fans but they keep swarming
MC Frontalot’s heart’s huge; let’s have a housewarming
I love you so damn much I’ll sell you CDs
I’m greedy to get loved back like Ally Sheedy
In WarGames. I got more sayings and turns of phrase
In my communist handbook than in my — damn, what’d
I do with my ledger? I’ll never get paid now!
That distributor promised me checks but didn’t say how
He was going to locate the Front
It’s the anonymity I’m a little bitty bit late to shun
Hate to run; can’t be tardy to my rally:
“Art Must Be Free” is the decree. The finalé
Is my lecture on the evils of the R-I-double-A
How they’re going to sue you every single time you hit play
They’re lame! Must revolt! What’s that you say?
Kids are pirating the Frontalot? Oh no, I got betrayed!

[Hook] X 2
It’s true:
Frontalot’s destitute
I need you
To buy my CD so I could buy food

[Verse 2]
I been a charity case to my fan base for years:
In tears at my show, “somebody buy me a ride home.”
Now I’ve got something I can barter for services
Don’t let the major labels get word of this
I’m girderless, free falling towards riches;
Going to sell so many CDs that I can afford britches
And a shirt, and a hat to go with it
I get specific — ‘cause my fantasy is that vivid
I’m going to buy gadgets that don’t do anything but beep
And blink, then I’ll go out in public & buy drinks —
But it’s contingent on your ponying up
Wait, you got my record on Bittorrent? Fuck!
Seems like there’s no DRM but I’ll explode
Your computer like COBRA done to GI Joe
On the episode about computer viruses
Oh look, there’s the ledger: overflowing with minuses
My spinelessness in the face of the starvation
Projected by my cash flow erodes the hesitation
I once harbored as regards the tune vending
If only the nerd kids’ aversion to spending
Money on data got inverted somehow
I’d be making my way through all the dollars with a plow
But instead I’m down on the ground on my knees
Begging y’all to believe my CD isn’t free

[Hook] X 2

Frontalot needs food badly

Is that a popsicle?
I - was just, no I mean clearly it's a popsicle
Were you gonna finish it or were you gonna throw it out?
Cause...no cause if- I mean if you were going to throw it out
Then I would eat the rest of it
I was just saying but if you're not going to throw it out
Then you know go ahead and-
I mean you should finish it quickly
Cause it's dripping and you're wasting it I mean
And it is- you know it's lime
Which is like my favorite flavor of popsicle