[Hook]
I love fags because I am a San Franciscan
If you’re dissing on my homos
Then this censure’s what you’re risking
(I’m insisting on containing my temper but listen up):
You shouldn’t ought to be intolerant about who queers like to fuck (queers like to fuck)

[Verse 1]
Fags are great, they’ve got hundreds of uses
You can see them on TV explaining what puce is
Abstruse is the world, but very simple is the homo:
He or she is anyone who’s keen to do another one more so
Than the opposite, follow?
Fags are great ‘cause almost every single one swallows
Or so I’m led to believe, lesbians also I’ve heard of
Not to mention non-gender-identified spivaks seeking nerd love
And I’ve spurned just about everything there is
‘Cause I was born here, and here’s where I live
Here, I give you this advice: love a fag today
Either up close and personally or from far away
See, fags are gay, and gay’s a good adjective
It means like happy and high, but you had to just
Shy me away from the topic of my fag-love
Something maybe that you’re lacking in?
Don’t get mad just ‘cause you don’t have such a big heart as Frontalot
You could love fags too, you already think dykes are hot
Why not come on down to the street fair?
There’s asses in chaps plus rough trade to meet there
Some of whom been barebacking it in back alleys for years
Yo, I promise if you visit you could meet some queers
And if you love even just one, hooray!
If you don’t, well I hope you enjoyed your stay
And I hope you go on your merry way
With the chorus of my song slowly turning you gay

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
And you don’t love fags, this much is apparent
You’re having nightmares about them, every time you get your hair's cut
You stare what you suspect could be a queer man
In the eye, in the mirror, enzymes coming out your fear gland
He’s got scissors near your eardrums!
You might lose your hearing, you don’t watch it with these queer ones
And here comes your presidential cheerleader now
So “disturbed” by the marriages in my home town
That he’s got to take the tip top law in the land down
Scribble on it: “I hate homos, big bad frown"
Put it back up, be like “what? It’s better!"
Y’all were with me a second ago
When I said that marriage was threatened!
And it was, under siege by these villains
Can you believe they wanted to gang up and have children?
There would be an army of them, teeming and thronging
Tempting every American to give in to forbidden longing
I thought they couldn’t reproduce. That was their weakness!
Now what are we gonna do? They’re gonna seek just
Treatment under the law?
Damn it, that’s like saying "It’s okay to be gay or a lesbian!
Hey man, you cannot say that, society would crumble and fall apart”
I’ll think about that on the BART
Gladdening every inch of the ride
To be on the way to the where-I-reside:
Not just a place where I keep my stuff
But the spot got plenty of the kind of person that I love

[Hook]