[Verse 1 - MC Frontalot]
Bright-colored robotic space rhinoceri
That we pilot — why? Cause they're in supply
Plus, we heed the cry of our planet's population
To defend them. We report to battle stations
Split screen — ready — and our rhinos are rocket ships
With fully articulated tusk, jaws, and hips
They come equipped with individual special attacks
None with a lag, but a couple a little bit slack
I'm not naming any pilot specifically
But we're all color-coded so you notice that typically
I, in the gold, lead the charge, do the most damage
To whatever hairy giant space invader managed
To threaten the globe in yet another of our episodes
This week? Malevolent galactic nematode!
Already beat up the squad when we faced him
I'm calling it: let's form a giant robot and waste him

[Hook]
Monster misbehaving
Planet's needing saving
Situation's grave and
I'll form the head
The enemy is clever
We're smaller but whatever
When we put it together
I'll form the head
Y'all can do the treading
Swing energy machete
If combination's ready
I'll form the head
I'll form the head
I'll form the head

[Verse 2 - ZeaLouS1]
What the deuce, Pink? What'd I tell you last time?
Got my agent on the phone, watch it with the worm slime
And watch a star shine. Focus in your cameras
Cause it's a damn crime, being so glamorous
Now pan it, yeah at us, shot of the supreme
Mister Quoise Rhinobot. Them? My lackey team
You got the nimrod with the yellow laser beam
And the other guy's otaku (and he wants to talk to me)
Between scenes, sometimes I feel out of place
Oh yeah, I'm the biggest damn star in outer space
Dear fans, I am powered by your flattery
Love, little old me (not the diva or the daiquiri)
Back on track, team! And if you require me
To show some pearly whites, I'll remind you why you hired me
There's no rivalry, just me instead
I'll be back in fifteen, just in time to form the head

[Hook]

[Verse 3 - Dr. Awkward]
Am I the only one who's finding this peculiar
That fighting giant aliens is getting too familiar?
And it's bad enough, and just my luck, my bot is lightish red
But do we always have to argue over who should form the head?
NASA-trained, I'm only overlooked cause I'm the nice guy
I'm overqualified, I've logged six months of flight time
Astrophysicist, but still there's no respect for me
The Golden Boy and Quoise couldn't spell the word trajectory
Now they have me face-to-face and fighting with some fish bait
Ten minutes left? We'll never finish at this rate
We need a plan, re-running through other enemies
But every battle has two-minute breaks within the memory
All these giant insects, they put the world in jeopardy
I remember MegaMoth as if it happened yesterday
I think it's time that we combine and rip this thing to shreds
But only if you promise me that I can form the head!

[Hook]

[MC Frontalot]
Pink! Turquoise! Stick together! Some say
UltraMegafauna only clicks together one way
If that is apocryphal, might offer you turns
Up top, where the view's at, you can look stern
While we pose so menacingly, brandishing blade
About to rid us of the enemy with one swoop - Yayyy!
- Not now! Time's critical. Don't debate this again
Oops! That space worm gobbled up Michigan!

(Hook x2)