“I have spread out my hands all the day unto a rebellious people...
Stand by thyself, come not near to me; for I am holier than thou.”

[Verse 1]
I’m so indie that my shirt don’t fit
You wonder out loud, “Frontalot yo why you come so ill-equipped?”
Because being all prepared to get on the mic is selling out
And I ain’t even about to relinquish indie clout
I look confused, like I just got out of bed
My rhyme style reflects this
Use my overdeveloped sense of irony to deflect dis-
Missiles, exploding all around me
Unpromoted, don’t know how you found me
Soundly situated in obscurityland
Famous in inverse proportion to how cool I am
And should I ever garner triple-digit fans
You can tell me then there’s someone I ain’t indier than

[Hook]
(He’s so indie) Indie I be
Ain’t an obscurer rapper out there who be indier than me
(He’s so indie) Indie, and how!
Come not near to me, for I be indier than thou
(He’s so indie) Indie indeed;
If I were on an indie label, you could call me mainstream
(He’s so indie) Indie I am
All the better for the Frontalot to leverage his brand

“I am sought of them that asked not for me;
I am found of them that sought me not...
These are a smoke in my nose.”

[Verse 2]
Delving deep into my letterbox when I discovered
Fan mail for MC Front. It kind of hovered
Before my vision. I made a decision to open it up
It said, “Yo, Frontalot, you suck!”
Whew! I was worried for a second that I’d started to earn love
Seeing all my indie points burned up
Next you know, I’m meeting pop stars in stretched cars
Doing the soundtrack for the Wendy’s tie-in with Jar Jar
Paying rent on time, owning things
Suing Napster with my best friend Sting
It’s like a nightmare (yep), ‘cause that ain’t nerdcore (nope)
Yes, I’m indier than thou within my nerdcore flow
And if you’re slow on the uptake, I’ll lay it out:
Hipsterism is a religion to which you got to be devout
Must be seen as in between unpopular and hated
Or else get excommunicated

[Hook]

He's so indie
So indie so indie so indie
He's so indie so indie