[Refrain]
It’s not a tragedy. Nobody thinks so
It’s not a tragedy
It’s not a tragedy

[Verse 1]
Mortality! It’s inescapable
Want to get out of it. Nobody’s capable
Get it stapled to the manila folder
Of your life when the moment arrives
A pure certification of events:
Birth; vaccinations; graduations; rent
Then when it’s all over with
Hope you get laid to rest underneath an obelisk
And don’t have to keep hustling on
Ashamed of your shamble like you’ve done something wrong
By swindling the reaper out of one scythe swipe
Or turning all the living into fun-sized bites
You can’t help it. Your life priorities
Left with your last breath, and the enormity
Of this milestone isn’t noted by your mourners
They’re too busy wishing you’d go back to the coroner’s

[Hook] X 2
You have to learn to live with the fact that you’re dead

[Verse 2]
There’s plenty of you now and plenty more coming
And some of them think they’ll survive, so keep running
But sooner or later we all run out of time
The trick is to not get stuck one foot over the line
Nothing left but your viciousness
Maybe that’s all you ever were. Death’s chrysalis
Led to the one true you, and it’s hungry
Eat another neighbor up. Blood on your dungarees
The guns release bullets. You don’t mind
Your gullet’s so full, it’s divine
And this is like a miracle, to linger past your passing
A blessing that’s lasting: a horde fast amassing
Please forgive loved ones who aren’t missing you
Photo albums they’re not reminiscing through
Remember what the preacher at your funeral said:
It isn’t quite a tragedy, you’re not quite dead

[Hook] X 2
You have to learn to live with the fact that you’re dead

[Verse 3]
Product of voodoo? Maybe mad science?
Doesn’t matter now. You’re free from reliance
On reasons for things. They all just happen
Blood just splatters. Didn’t bring a napkin —
So inconsiderate! But that’s canonical
Consciousness gone, it was epiphenomenal
Plain talk: haven’t got your head on straight
Now you’re the one all of them want to decapitate
Don’t let ‘em! They’re morsels, all
You can come get ‘em. They’re of course appalled
But before long they won’t care, like you don’t
They’ll be craving the long prosciutto
And otherwise undesirous of anything
Ready for this? Or is it unsettling?
Every one of us has squandered years
So go for the gory. Bite in between the ears

[Refrain]
It's not a tragedy nobody thinks so
It's not a tragedy nobody thinks so
It's not a tragedy nobody thinks so
It's not a tragedy
It's not a tragedy

[Hook] X 4
You have to learn to live with the fact that you’re dead