[Verse 1: MC Frontalot]
He came looking for work from an ogre
Why would you do that? It’s tough all over
The monster seemed nice at first, offered one duty per day
The worst he could say
About his boss was it promised to eat him
If he didn’t finish shoveling the stable. Exceedingly
Easy, isn’t it? The boy agrees
Kicks his heels when the ogre leaves
Now the Master Maid had a job there too
There were always boys. They were always new
They were always eaten at the end of the day
On account of the curse on the goat dookie
She tells this one about the magic pitchfork:
Best advice that a boy could wish for
Rest of the afternoon, they discuss it
A day’s acquaintance, already trusted
Confidantes in the house of dangers
Ogre’s home! It roars and rages
“Live the night, but don’t bless your fortune;
I’ll have another task in the morning for you.”

[Hook: Marian Call]
The Master Maid says you take it real slow
The Master Maid says mornings come and mornings go
The Master Maid says you take it real slow
The Master Maid says mornings come and go

[Verse 2: MC Frontalot]
He wakes to the dawning
Before he can yawn, there’s an ogre on him
Telling him to round up a flaming horse
Ogre’s sure got demanding chores
Heed the counsel of the Master Maid:
Use the hidden bridle, get the stallion tamed
And every morning this is how it’s played
She instructs, he survives a day:
How to take the sand and spin it
Into rope, and what the limit
Is collecting fire taxes
From the underworld. What the ogre asks is
“did you get the data from the girl in the house?”
Boy insists he didn’t. “How’d
You get up the seven-mile tree for my eggs then?
Guess I don’t need her. Guess I’ll eat her. Guess when.”
That night, she sneaks in his quarters
He says he loves her, she says he oughta
Gotta flee! She counsels patience
“the night is slow but the morning hastens...”

[Hook: Marian Call]

[Verse 3: MC Frontalot]
Count dusk to dawn. In a rush, they’re gone
But what locks held them thus so long?
Not any, ‘cept for certain pursuit
Plenty of the lady’s girlish virtues
Get expended. Hair comb, flung
Whence it landed, briar sprung
And though it’s stung, beast presses onward
Her mirror, thrown, wreaks the contours
Of an icy mountain range which
Shatters fast. Behold, the Master Maid dips
Vast ocean from a perfume flask
Ogre drinks it, bursts in half!
At the shore, the boy must venture homeward
Tells his cohort, “wait here, no more
Tears. I’ll return to claim you
Once my life’s prepared. And hey, do
You believe in love?” This maiden
Waited every day in the calendar, patiently
Knew the boy would find her
Come some morning, wear those blinders

[Hook: Marian Call]

[Outro: Marian Call]
The Master Maid said
The Master Maid said
The Master Maid said
The Master Maid said mornings come and go
Morning comes, morning goes
Morning comes
And the first shall be last and the last shall be first
And the first shall be last and the last shall be first and...