You don't want to catalog
All the times you had it all
Figured out and sorted in
To its optimal position
Add the optional missive in:
“Here it is, I you hope you like it!
Hope there's somebody listening!”
Then what but your sight alighted
On the side, it said discuss
Shiny pixels, click the plus
Many comments, what a fuss!
You’re nothing but a catalyst
To sage discussion among learned peers, about to find some here
Peruse a couple and the floor disappears
You get despised and disparaged. Is this normal? Let it go
A single toe dipped in the fester-hole subjects to undertow
As if to know your worth itself became debatable
As if anything could be wonderful enough to be unhateable

Never read the comments, never read ‘em, never
Never read the comments, you don’t need ‘em, never
Never read the comments, never read ‘em, never
Never read the comments, never read the comments

Original poster’s mom should get AIDS and then kill herself
(If that isn’t still enough impact on her bill of health
Poisonous vulgar slurs protruding in and out)
Because of whatever original poster posted about
And also because of how original poster said it
And who original poster is (let’s just admit that):
A particular type of whatever they are. Setting the bar
As low as we do, they duck it by far
That anyone smart could suffer a thought that you’re not garbage
Is reason enough we don’t move on to the harder targets
Now that you’re tarnished, our point has been made vivid:
We’re the comment section, it’s our internet, you’re in it

Never read the comments, never read ‘em, never
Never read the comments, you don’t need ‘em, never
Never read the comments, never read ‘em, never
Never read the comments, never read the comments

Guess I might have had enough
Of these posted fisticuffs
To discuss with the posters
Their and my shared neurosis
Pardon my halitosis of ideology and expression
But I’ll admit I’m disgusted a little bit by your aggression
My confession’s intangible. Write it instead to memory
I hold myself to the highest ideals, yet I’m sometimes settling
I read them if they write them (I wil). Can’t always recommend it
I hope you don’t have a bad batch and you get upended
Hope you don’t vent it back at your dearest of dear-held intimates
That was just some internet. Don’t be inconsiderate
Don’t get in the thick of it. You don’t got to read them!
Robots will keep them archived for you but you’ll never need them

Never read the comments, never read ‘em, never
Never read the comments, you don’t need ‘em, never
Never read the comments, instead delete ‘em