[Beefy]
I took cutie for a ride in my death cab, scratch that
Sorry man. That was handled by another indie band
Then they blew up and reality shift
When you talked about success, did you really talk about this?
Did you even know this plane exists?
I don't think you can handle this

I grew up in a story book that I could write
City hotter than Tabasco on some dynamite
Do anything to hear my momma say that she was proud
20 years later felt like I could run entire towns
I was put on Earth so I could entertain the masses
So for me it was easy justifying skipping some classes
And I never no freakin' stinkin' badges

[Shael Riley]
Reality is broken
And that’s without a doubt
A disconnect between what you
Put in and you get out

Bitterly
Divided we
Press on and on and on
I brought my plastic ball so that you all can sing along

[Hook]
(The) world will only distract me from my great work
That’s why I built this plastic submarine
You’re sharper than anyone
Put your sleeping pills away
And your good ideas will tuck you in at night

[Beefy]
When I created in a vacuum I was so fresh
So clean, I sparkled any track that I blessed
People drove for miles yo just to say they saw me
I never thought all this could happen from a hobby, kid
And did it go to my head? Of course it did
My favorite band broke up and I still can't get over it
Because they helped me get over, there's still so much I owe
Now when I leave for town there's only 20 peeps at the show
And that's a get. How did it come to this?

[Shael Riley]
Liberty and justice
Are trivial pursuits
My game is entertainment
And I’m seeking new recruits
So, Why don’t you do what you want to do, while you still can?
We all plastic suits so that you can’t tell who’s a man!

[Hook]

[Bridge]
Power corrupts you
But we don’t know about that
We heard you were voodoo
Now we’ve come
To collect your ass

[M.C. Frontalot]
You might have littered the landscape with dishonest promises
Released under the ocean on your own reconnaissance
Anonymous, covered up in hardened up petroleum
Laying lowly when the sonar pings. the ball is rolling then
To anywhere, independent oxygen
The onboard cabinet resplendent with intoxicant
The talk you meant to share is echo from the hull
And the clicking of the instruments resurges every lull
Every bowl every glass every bubble every breath
Descend until you're out of ocean, nothing left
Should've guessed your contraption was gonna need winding
Staring out the window into darkness like you need reminding
Designed for finding distraction from the vastness
Of the surface world and its open-air harassments
Rotate the gas vents, fish flow in
You've been working on it too long, let it begin

[Beefy]
Hi!
Thirty thousand leagues of solitude, amplitude
Pumped up to eleven, find my latitude and longitude
My first love is my distraction and my inspiration
Submarine here to facilitate our domination
It doesn't matter if I'm rocking an entire fleet
If I can only average like a single lyric every week
That's super weak hat, and you don't deserve that
Track be like Jon Jones, catch an elbow and I'm on the mat
Forever how it feels like, maybe I'll be alright
Watch my muse get all amused, I try to get the flow right
Pull another all night like getting your degree
This my thesis and it's just about as worthless as can be

How my heroes ever do it? and why can't I do the same?
It's like I'm lacking crucial elements and system in my brain
But coordinates are locked. telescoping to the top
We sunk another battleship while Isaac tops me off, what?
And we dive dive
And we dive dive