[Verse 1]
Yep! She’s a hero from an anime or something:
Clockwork parasol, laser pistol, rump swing
Bumping a light blue tint to the lips
And most the fanboys ought to put on their bibs
Or else cease/desist all of this dumbstruckery
She isn’t interested in a conversation with you (luckily)
Just posing for picture plates
And um, just adjusting the corset lace
Now get ready for her, she’ll stroll by
Blew a kiss at you once and you’re still so high
So try to keep it steady with the picture phone
And if she drops her handkerchief, you leave it alone
(that is not for you)

[Hook] X 2
I just need you to watch, I just need you to watch
I just need you to watch me do something

[Verse 2]
So! In the shadow is a shadowy figure
Katana and an M16, plus a big pure
Grin underneath camo ninja mask
If he interrogates you, might begin to ask
Who had the bomb last. Mission time: limited!
He’s not the only super agent
Just the only one who gives a shit
And this is a stealth level, clearly
That’s why maneuvers: all sides security
Cams and guards, laser tripwires, pressure plates
Man, that’s hard, but he won’t capitulate
Don’t gesticulate! He’s concealed
For the benefit of onlookers. Keep eyes peeled
(and then if you see him, you can point him out)

[Hook] X 2
I just need you to watch, I just need you to watch
I just need you to watch me do something

[Verse 3]
In your heart you’d urge them pursue no less
Than life, liberty, and the fursuit of happiness
But when you see them in the seating at the panel
You wonder why half elephant, half cocker spaniel
Why the feather boa on a cat? Macabre
Where’s it at — there’s got to be a catalog
But they craft their hides in the home then wear them out
And they’ll tell you what the lifestyle’s about
With the purrs and growls, and the scent of upholstery
Even though they’re all on display, I think mostly
These ones found invisibility spell
Can’t see who they really are at all. Oh well
(guess uh we're going to have to use our imaginations)

[Hook] X 2
I just need you to watch, I just need you to watch
I just need you to watch me do something

[Verse 4]
Nope. That big arm cannon isn’t in good taste
Neither is the steampunk nudist in a cape
And that one’s a badger disguised as Robin Hood
Think your fashion criticism
Is in service of the common good?
Check the short-sleeve button-up, tie
At your booth all surrounded with some things to buy
You’re a headlamp wearer and an underlip beardo
Is that costume ‘rapper?’ Kind of look like a weirdo

[Hook] X 2
I just need you to watch, I just need you to watch
I just need you to watch me do something