You got MC confusion? I’m Frontalot!
If I were MC Frontalittle I’d be telling you only ever what I’m not
But I am the most frontingest
Carving off the obfuscation, little something just
To confuse you with. And like a villain
I got conundrums. your empty head they gonna fill in
Still in effect, the mock you made:
My dexterity ain’t 20 when the skills are displayed?
It’s alright, I took it as a compliment
Shows you know nerdcore’s extent

Which MC was that? I can’t recollect
Heard him on the internet. It was MC Front-a-something
But I didn’t hit save
Which MC was that? I couldn’t say

Was it MC Chicken-in-the-Hat? I remember him
He was a fat dude. Wait, was he thin?
Now I know I seen his video up on The Box
With the dirty-ass beak, calling roosters cocks
Got a feather like a pimp swaying up on the side
MC Chicken-in-the-Hat got pride
But I can’t recall if it was him or not
(Pssst! It was MC Frontalot.)
Was it MC Razzle-Dazzle? Was it MC Plain?
Was it MC In-The-Mirror AKA MC Vain?
Was it MC Pain-in-my-ears-just-to-listen?
(If it was him I wouldn’t miss him.)
Was it MC Elephant, that would be relevant
‘cause of how my memory got crooked, now it’s hella bent
Lemme think, I’ll figure out:
What MC are they talking about?

Maybe it was MC Matter-of-Fact
Got the authenteezy easy riding his act
Always speaking the truth, never fronts one bit
He and DJ So-Sincere don’t quit
But I think for some reason that it wasn’t him
Wait, was it was MC Outonna Limb?
With the very risky rapping, don’t know what’ll happen
To the time; a verbal contortionist
Squeezing tongue portions, sublime
On the mic ‘cept for when the bough’s breaking
Picked him out the line-up, mistaked him
Yo, it was definitely MC Wrong
Rocking jam after jam of inaccurate songs
Then again, it could have been MC Insight
Striking suckers stone blind with the lyrical light
Must confess, I’m hard pressed to be certain
Was it MC Hides-Behind-the-Curtain
Calling “pay no attention to man on the mic.”
Must be a wizard when he rhymes so tight
You’re having difficulty dredging out your brain: the fact
Of which MC was that?

Step up, poindexter, act smarter than you are
About to pull the MC name out the jar
And whoever guessed closest wins a nine-sided die
And a gift certificate to Fry’s
Yo, the moniker is MC Frontalot
I got a +1 bag of nerdcore hip-hop
And my mail list busted a hundred so I’m famous
It’s unbelievable nobody knows what my name is