[Intro]
Uh uh, Ali and Murphy
Uh uh, School Boy with the College Boy
And ah, and ah..

[Hook: Murphy + Ali]
Ali and Murphy is bougie, baby
If it ain't ghetto, it don't move me, baby
Got a lake, a pool, and a jacuzzi, baby
But it's still McDonald's and a movie, baby
That's so crazy!

[Ali]
Check
I'm at the bar, industry party, caviar
Denim suits, superstar, Cigarello cigars
Spittin' bars to this footer in stilettos
She boughetto, that mean she bougie and ghetto
Bougie 'cause her shoes alone cost a grand
Ghetto 'cause she cuss too much and talk with her hands
She say she don't fuck wit rap since Ma$e got saved
But baby got back like mace got spray
You know the bougie type, ass boombastic
Maybellene queen, titties all plastic
Niggas front with they tank on empty
Pay cash for err-thang 'cause the top off her Bentley
I roll the truck slow, the gas; I ease on it
I got a trailer on the back, four-wheeler with D's on it
Got the leather with the G's on it, gangsta gangsta
Gotta get it get it good and...

[Hook: Murphy + Ali]

[Hook 2: Ali + Murphy]
If you got an expensive weave - that's boughetto!
Spend six hundred on weed - that's boughetto!
Benz while ya sittin on D's - that's boughetto!
Tell 'em what's boughetto - Bougie and ghetto!

[Murphey Lee]
Yo Murph' is bougie - School boy; ghetto
What more can I say? I'm boughetto
Aiyyo I'm beautif-hetto, that's beautiful and ghetto
I got plenty war stories, plenty hood medals
Did alotta wrong with alotta good fellows
But I got my shit together (Hello!)
I took my hustlin ways from them scufflin days
To eight million copies on my resume
I moved right out the hood, 'cause I don't like the hood
I tell all my people to think twice in the hood
The police; man they don't even like us
'Cause they got Spud in Booneville, 'Trelle up in Riker's
And I just like what the money can get
A little head e'ry now and then so honey can spit
Chrome tips, a hundred an forty four of them shits
And a big ass crib 'cause...

[Both Hooks]

[Ali]
A boughetto pimp juice and I know it 'cause I come to party
Late, smellin like weed, no matter who throw it
I'm in the curl cap, didn't get paid but done a rap
Dem ain't Rolex diamonds - what the fuck you done to that?!
Throwin trash out the Benz on the highway
But the old school still spillin all in the driveway
And if it stop, never a towtruck pull me home
Fuckin I keep the socks, had the jewelry on
I'm like a pimp in the 80's, a Reverend Run
Preachin it to em, gassin em up like Chev-e-ron
Got the D's the beeps and the televis-ion
And my Sprint (Brrrrr..) like a boughetto telethon
But I'm bougie forever 'Cause I got it to spend it
Ghett-o, put rims on the car that I rented
Trump money, but it's still the motel and Kyjuan
And Slo and Nelly and...

[Both Hooks] - 2X

[Murphey + Ali]
Ali and Murphey is bougie, baby
Bougie, baby
Bougie, baby
Bougie, baby
Ali and Murphey is bougie, baby
That's boughetto... bougie, baby
That's boughetto... bougie, baby
That's boughetto... bougie and ghetto...