[Verse 1: Murphy Lee]
Now what goes up must come down
But we ain't coming down, it be them same old clowns
Aiming your pound pretending they proud
But when you leave town they go around
They running they mouth (maaann)
They something like a hater man
Talking bad about a playa as if
I'm not gonna see ya later man
You constantly fronting until you confronted on
If you don't like whats going on
Go on to another song
Cause I keep a hater guilty
My cars and my money all alike man
Both them filthy (get it?)
From skimpy and empty to fuel on full
See I be high when my Cago Bulls
Obey no rules to school you fools
Schoolboy's err'y where, we're Young Dude news
St. Louis like Louis D. Miles and Larry Hughes
And the Young Dude done paid young dudes' dues dude

[Hook (with Jermaine Dupri)]
[JD:] But yo, what the hook gonna be?
[ML:] See I don't need no fucking hook on this beat!
All I need is the track in the background
My headphones loud
Keep the blunt going 'round and I'mma rip

[Verse 2: Murphy Lee]
"The sun'll come out tomorrow
And I will never have to borrow!"
Got my first car when I turned 16
Only drove at home, outta town limousines
Plus we was broke with a deal but nobody could tell
So we did what we had to do for "Country Grammar" to sell
I stay on my own melodies
Plus I like my Booties and my Boobs like a capital letter 'B'
That's how it is, how it better be
I preferably rather have 2 or 3 girls in the bed with me
Close your ears, ma, you ain't heard nothing!
I always pay ma, let a brother hold something
I'm basically coming from nothing to something
When I say nothing meaning pocket full of lint and buttons
(We all we got!) Used to be creative on Halloween (how you gon?)
Stop a hotter team? Went from nada to a lot of things

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Murphy Lee]
People always saying man it must be nice
No hi no nothing not a simple how's life
Understand the money's good, but I'm still from the hood
So don't be asking for no inch and be expecting a foot
Unless you want a foot!
I know a few crooks that can place you where you need to be put
And it might not cost me, playa
Got a Benz pepper interior, paint salty playa
And we all push it, but me I push it real good
Brains blown out, chromed-out, wheel real wood
Catch me on your local durrty
Or in the studio doing vocals durrty
I'm the same dude that came through with my crew
Let the girls do me while you do you
And um, all I need is JD beat to be banging
And I'll come up wit these verses that I'm usually slanging
I be ripping man