[Verse One]:
I took a plier two my ego
Couldn’t budge it
Do-I-N what I D-O
Rick Ross, No denyin’ I’M the C.O
Your lyin' to the people
Got you still spyin' in my peek hole
Tryin’ to pry in, grabbed an iron, die, I’m into evil
I don’t fuck with chicks who have Twitter accounts
Cause I like to talk shit while I sit in their house
Said I’ll be back, bitch
I’m the future & the present like a re-wrapped gift
Want me to leave? That’s rich
When I do, I’ll leave your weed bag pinched
You had a feeling it was me, when I sold you it didn’t seem that thin
Got a V-8 engine? Hand me that then
Hop your ass out the whip & toss the keys back in
Hit a rapper in the slow lane with cars
Left hands on the Fender like Jimmi & Cobain’s guitars
Doin' cocaine with stars of porn
She gets me hard, its on
And 9 months later a star is born
Puttin' me on the remix is fatal, I’ll slay you
Your chick does coke, I’ll be in her naval
Flip her & slip the penis in anal
Put a Lil' White on the CD like Three 6's label
She pleads when I’m ready to cum, like “Please give the facial”
I pee then I’m ready to run, like “Peace bitch I’ll page you”
She doesn’t even own a pager
I still cut every chick I know like my phones a razor
Click-dial tone to strangers

[Chorus]:
Ha ha ha ha ha
As we proceed
He who last laughs laughs the best
Ha ha ha ha ha
As we proceed

[Verse Two]:
I’ll take your favorite rapper with a pulse & make him shake into convulsions
One year, he’s eatin good, the next he’s achin' with the Olsens
You're waitin' for the molten lava
Sold Obama that same potent ganja
Sold to Bush, he sold Osama, no shit bomba
I’m goin in the booth, motherfucker here hold my armor (here)
Told your father to watch your sister while I boned your momma
Then told your momma to roll the condom while I boned her daughter
Get fronted till the next day & smoke like there’s no tomorrow
Let’s just face it, bitch I’m just abrasive
My new name’s “Budweiser”
I’ve got more open domestic cases
That’s my pick up line, if that don’t work then its “let’s get naked”
That doesn’t work? Its “let’s get wasted
Bring the X, you're payin."
Left their faces like Fred Krueger’s
The lead from the Rueger spread to ya
Fuck it, blame the red on a head tumor
You know a tattle tale who snitches when he’s dead, do ya?
The two of ya can spread rumors to yourselves (boo-ya)
Who ya?
Who shot ya? You don’t have a clue
And you don’t have a (edit), here stupid, have a brew
And you don’t have a brew, do ya?
Offer you a smack
Gosh it hurts, face like a Gothic smurf-blue & black
You know to move it back 10 paces
When I’m in the studio, layin' more trains over tracks than Penn Station
Got your ten waitin', penetratin'
Pussy bleedin like she’s menstruatin'
Then we make her bend, achin’
What can I say? I’m one hell of a guy
Seriously, to the point the devil’s jealous of I
I would say the “Scarface” quote
But I'd rather use the car chase quote
From the barrel that shot off they nose
It took every Marvel character to off Thanos
Get a rope
Hang yourself, you’ve got less characters than a Twitter post
Is this a verse or a Comedy Central roast?
It’s honestly meant for both
Your mommy just sent for coke
And I promise to lend her dough
But I’m conning her into throat
Once I nut, she hits the road like a comet just hit the globe
Your vomitin’ shit I sold
Hurts to be you
I’m old testament words to the new
Every verse is the truth

[Chorus]:
Ha ha ha ha ha
As we proceed
He who last laughs laughs the best
Ha ha ha ha ha
As we proceed

[Verse Three]:
What more can I say?
You want a 4th verse, huh?
A fifth?
A sixth?
How many more verses?
The 16 bar star with mixed green jars
Shot the M-16 hard at Christine car
Your piff’s 3 stars
My shits 5 stars
I spit 5 bars & kill you ‘fore your 6th line starts
Chewin' Oxy 80’s up, all type of crazy drugs
And lie to the public about sobriety like Shady does
Willin' to spend 80 bucks on an 8th of bud
Smokin, lettin' roaches live but smashin’ lady bugs
You got your girl’s toes painted
I made her toes CURL, hate us
Walk the Earth with a drink like the whole world’s Vegas
I got the go-go gadget arm that forms into Megatron
So no don’t pass it, I’ll let this whole globe have it
Fuck hot lines, I'm call waitin'
Everyone of y’all hatin' will have hell to pay/toupee
The bald Satan

[Chorus]:
Ha ha ha ha ha
As we proceed
He who last laughs laughs the best
Ha ha ha ha ha
As we proceed