[Verse 1: Copywrite]
What the fucks sleep? Oh yeah, that stupid shit you humans do
I'll super glue a rubix cube & pass it for you to do
Punches, I land mine
You're at a keel with land mines
And on my battlefield, I can have you killed--the land's MINE!
Put you on a detour to hell
Don't believe I'm the "bomb"? Strap one on... C-4 yourself
I happen to be that rapper you're asking about, who wanna war?
You're Kiefer Sutherland; actin' throughout your 24's
Still getting money but I'm wanting some of yours
Bloody Jordan number 4's
Running for your honey's drawers
We can battle verse for verse; organized religion
Me? I'm sorta like a pigeon; gettin' more than high, explore the sky while shittin'
More than "fly" so I soar to find a victim
Mortalize him in shit and then I'm immortalized in writtens
I know, I'm Oscar Grant; literally dead wrong
My first LP's a prison cot; criminally slept-on
I been a bully, send a jury only God can judge me
It's hard to shove me, only God can budge me
The psycho stays buggin'
The dogs go with Michael Vick's cousin; the kittens in the microwave oven
Your rifles ain't nothin'
Y'all Michael J. fuckers, shook
Spiteful, hatin' on him when the Bible says "love him"
"Merk's" my policy
Engineer trying "reverse psychology"
Reversin' words to rebirth my prophecy

[Hook]
I turn the dictionary to the obituaries
Murder words, see the picture clearly? (No emcee can even spar)
My bio's "Ohio Everything"
My styles compile with anything (Don't believe, you'll leave in scars)
The Megacy Legacy's pedigree's never been better
Effortlessly forever (you won't even see tomorrow)
You'll never be fresh as me
Yes indeed, clever
Don't ever come testin' me with letters ( you'll decease beneath his bars)

[Verse 2: Copywrite]
I write unlimited pages of shit mean
So it's "statutory rape" if I'm laying a sixteen
The melody; I'mma wreck it
A felony? I'mma catch it
Felonious assault by harmonious default
You're never being arrested
"Jayo" appearing on your song's the only way that you'll get a "Felony" on your
Record..check it
I'll turn your posse cut into a pussy cut
Douche it up, fuck it, bust a nut & sew that pussy SHUT
If the homies can't have none, it's no fun
RIP your crew, I swear to God I'll "Tear a Squad"--No Pun
I cash out rhyme folders and black-out blinded
Bitch, you just blew me, pull the hash out.. I'll roll it
Your "down chick" kicks it
I made her go both ways like a round trip ticket (yeah, get down bitch! Lick it!)
In an ounce of the liquid she'll be out with the quickness
Extra chloroform for the mouth of a witness
Used to play with Colorforms in my house as an infant
Now I make it thunderstorm from the clouds that I live with
I took a look in the mirror and found my niche
You took a look in the mirror & found my bitch...uh
Adjust the speakers
Tell me how the fuck this creeper went from "horror-core" to a forty year-old Justin
Bieber? huh?
Hopped out of a Pinto, must have scared your folks
Prone to get my beast on & I don't wear fur coats
You could never smoke write like cheap cigars
"C" is heartless, pointless tryin' CPR (you'll be leavin', breathin' hard)
You got the weakest and cheapest bars
To the point I'm orderin' a fuckin' PBR
Fake pirate gold; "metal in your chest"
My dickhead is in your ex
You said it was the best
Heaven in the flesh? Go to hell, a devil in a dress (Bars slaughter, say seven "Our
Fathers")
This instrumental I'mma bless is finna' be possessed

[Hook]

Yes indeed, clever
Don't ever come testin' me with letters ( you'll decease beneath his bars)