[Intro]:
They call this man Motamouth. They call this man Motamouth. They call this man Motamouth. They call this gentleman Motamouth because he has a motor in his mouth

[Verse One] [Copywrite]:
A lot of these dudes get on, put on arrogant acts, forget where they from
Me? I go out of town, forget where I'm at
Of course doors locked, never on they porch
Always hearin' about some shit that they said about me, just never from the source
Most, be subliminal shit, them and they boys get
Don't hide a crackerjack, decoder rings for toys shit
Plus, I'm a pure blood, full Pitt
You're a mix with a bull dog, and a Shih Tzu; bullshit
Leave them roaches in your borough dead, thoroughbred
My main squeeze with horse weaves gives me through head
With the, right hoe I might go for eternity
Bust a nut like I'm psycho ward's security
Jakki!

[Jakki]:
Da Motamouth and I ain't clowin' for shit
You fuck around with me? I'mma fuck around with your bitch
Trained from birth not to give a fuck, how could you trick?
Hate the Earth, one fisticuff, your town's in a ditch
Keep runnin' your mouth, you gon' give me twice the respect
I know these niggas quit talkin' when a knife's to their neck
Time for the best to spit when only demonic forces can see
How can I Satan worship when Satan is worshiping me?
Fuck with voodoo dolls and needles, talk shit and you dead
Fuck a weapon nigga, I'll kill you with a prick to the head
The kid will say, "Black, he an asshole" and it's true
A nigga say I'm wack, beat his ass, you know he a fool

[Hook] [Copywrite]:
We run this, y'all run from us, Columbus
O-Dot, who want it?
"What you want?!"
Who want it? C'mon
We run this, y'all pussy, run on
We run this, y'all run from us, Columbus
O-Dot, who want it?
"What you want?!"
Who want it? C'mon
We run this, y'all pussy, run on

[Verse Two] [Jakki]:
I'm as real as they come, I ain't scared of a soul
If you a king, you gettin' sniped, I'm the heir to the throne
This is my craft, beach MC get in my raft
Beef with me can only be resolved by you kissin' my ass
I'm talkin' to fools
Fuck human beings, deity's
If you in any of these categories, I'm talkin' to you
So don't ask for, battle raps, such a demand
Introducing a cat that'll slap the fuck out his fan
I hate rappers
Many approach
Any I toast, plenty I roast quick cause I'm spittin' my flame fast
I'm sick of these lame bastards with my name in they mouth
They close to home, give it back or I'm yanking it out your pie hole

[Copywrite]:
The C.O. pyro, I don't need no dial
This hydro got me so I high I can see Ohio from Cairo
Oh, and I brought my dude with me
Not these fake fucks, he's one of the few still cool with me
I
Mean that with the deepest sincerity
Eatin' chicken for a week and she'll be seekin' some therapy
Since '91 when we first started, verse parted the sea
? leaving your church starting the keys
We here now
Sure y'all want games with Ohio Finest, minus Lebron James on stage
No need to hand me that liquor
To cut the breaks on all your candy act vigor
And have you parking with a handicap sticker
Ya bitches

[Hook] [Copywrite]:
We run this, y'all run from us, Columbus
O-Dot, who want it?
"What you want?!"
Who want it? C'mon
We run this, y'all pussy, run on
We run this, y'all run from us, Columbus
O-Dot, who want it?
"What you want?!"
Who want it? C'mon
We run this, y'all pussy, run on