[Intro]
You are..
Witnessing something that you.. haven't ..
Felt in a long time.. If you know what I mean?
See it ain't nothin' but the dark side of the phonk
Ain't nothin' like it, know what I'm sayin'?
And I'ma introduce you to it, revive it
Black diamonds, beautiful girls, black lust, maturity counts
Everything is beautiful when it's black
Just sit back not worryin' 'bout a damn thing as I'm chillin' in the cut, with my hand on her butt
The Black God, the God of (??), filthy motherfucking Purrp
Yes it's the Phonk
Yes

[Verse 1]
Come here, baby, let me holla at you
And let you know what I want to do
I want to take you over to a place that's quiet
So me and you can start a riot
I don't want to play no games with you (hell nah)
Lay your ass down and I'm gon' fuck you
Hit you real good, just how you like that
The Trill ass dick, throwed it right back. (???)
On my dick cause I like the pussy
You already know, bitch, I'm never scared of pussy
Nigga like me got to fuck real good, in between
Got-damn she came in all on the (??)
Got-damn, baby girl, that ass so wide
The pussy so good, so hot, so tight
I came in twice, I didn't pull out
This my bad ass bitch, I would never pull out
I got a bad ass wifey, who gon' ride for a nigga
Slide for a nigga
Die, die for a nigga
You know about me? Well, listen to the phonk
And listen to the lyrics as it beat through the trunk
Came through the pussy cause she like that dick
And I'll be right back, got to go get rich
And when I come back, I'm gonna give you the dick real good
Nigga got the trill wood

[Chorus]
Nigga got the trill wood
(What they know about this shit? What they know about this shit?)
Nigga got the trill wood
(What they know about this shit? What they know about this shit?)
Nigga got the trill wood
(What they know about this shit? What they know about this shit?)

[Verse 2]
I'm just a young ass nigga tryin' to bend you over
A young ass nigga known as a Casanova
I got a nice dick so that I think you and me could make a good couple tonight, so whatchu wanna to do?
You want to fuck with me or what?
Cause if not, I never thought you was a fuckin' slut
I knew you was down since day one so you my day one, right?
Baby girl, it's all right
A trill ass girl that you are
Knowing that you down for me and you gon' get far
Baby we gon' make it, no you cannot take it when we struggle
That's why it's time for me to go and hustle, and grind
And do as I should, every time
I know you gotta get up out the hood, but it's all good
Baby lay your pretty ass down
And let me give you trill wood

[Chorus]
(What they know about this shit? What they know about this shit?)
Trill wood
(What they know about this shit? What they know about this shit?)
SpaceGhost-motherfuckin'-Purrp got the trill wood
(What they know about this shit? What they know about this shit?)
Got the trill wood, uh, got the trill wood
(What they know about this shit? What they know about this shit?)

[Outro]
Trill shit nigga, you already know. I'm out this bitch
But shit, before I leave though, let me say it like this man you feel
Nigga tired as fuck, higher than a bitch, you already know
Ain't stuntin' a whole (since the ???)
We all know he a fake, we all know he take nigga swag
I ain't stuntin' that nigga
I'ma still do what I do, man
Shout out to all the rappers that come up in the 90's, you know what I'm saying
To East Coast to the West Coast. All the way I wanna shout it out to the Midwest
I wanna shout out to all the OG's in the game, I wanna make y'all proud
Purrp