[Intro]
Y'all niggas be thuggin' in your tweets, sweet in the streets. I don't get it!
What's really good?
Y'all niggas really getting it how you say you getting it? Y'all niggas really trappin'?
Y'all niggas think this shit a game? It ain't
We trying to get rich out here nigga
You got money or naw? You trying to get money?
You trying to get money, keep your muthafuckin' mouth shut, mind your own muthafuckin' business
Stop @'ing niggas. If you gon' @ a nigga, smack a nigga when you see him? Ight?

[Verse 1: Robb Banks]
Chris Brown, Drake niggas throwing around bottled up emotions
Got your main on call bitch, Two Phone Shawty
Sending straight to the point messages, I ain't finessing your bitch with pussy ass Emoji's
Real country boy I never rode a subway
But my thumb in your bitch waistband like she sponsored by Subway
SS niggas we Nazis. Shit, boy we got names for your ho
She took one look, and knew we had money, so how you gon say that the bank gone broke?
I can tell that you started from the bottom, you still ass nigga
Same clothes everyday, cartoon ass nigga
I made shit move nigga like you mad cause your daddy new job offer made you change schools my nigga
Y'all boys look offended, shit. 2013, goons wearing dresses
So if you really be in the trap house then why we can't address it?
I'm Ray Charles with it, employee I don't even see the keys and a lot of recipes done been through this kitchen boy
But I ain't ever smelled pie. Need to get your mind right bitch
I seen your bitch, and all her friends standing by the entrance, I was in the VIP. Shit
Shikamaru trying to get attached to her silhouette
I got a new bitch, but you know her as your girlfriend, let me guess, you wrestling with your emotions
And I'm pushing you over the edge, just think with your head my nigga
I pull out that sledgehammer, you and me is different pedigrees
And I got a spell like [?]

[Hook: Robb Bank$]
I fucked your bitch with no rubber, that shit was legendary
I cracked the seal then reseal that bitch, boy that's legendary
I'm the realest, nah I'm surrealist. Boy I'm legendary
And Dooney painted Bari at the Filmore that shit was legendary, bitch

Bitch, I'm legendary, legendary, legendary, legendary, I'm a Broward county legend
Legendary, legendary, legendary, legendary, Broward county legend
Legendary, legendary, legendary, legendary, Broward county legend
Legendary, legendary, Broward county activist, sipping on Actavis bitch

[Verse 2: Robb Bank$]
I seen a lot of snakes
A lot of split tongues done slithered across my terrain
So I landscape, cut off them hoes
And I slap the skin on the Gucci toes
1-0-0 for a cup, that's designer. And all them fuck niggas claim they gon' kill me is designers
All these niggas fake, and these hoes kill the only one that you love
Swear to God, RIP to my unborn jitt. I give a fuck what you did, you don't know what I did
But I know you probably figured, Me and Curt jumped Tommy Hilnigga on the hill nigga, shit
Steady hands, I'll pour you a perfectly exact 4!
And me and Steelo, BangBros, fucked you know, on the floor
Neighborhood superstar, but they still say that a nigga on the come up
Fuck nigga in the crowd while I'm on stage, I guarantee that that nigga ain't gon' come up
Your main flew down to F-L-A to get the paint from who she rub her thumb on her clit for
So you already know what it is bro, if she get tired of standing and sit on my lap, then it's done
And you already know what's fitna come up, a nigga tryna fuck
I watch my niggas hit the weed and I wonder how the time passed us
But let me ask you, how you gon' take my life when you can't live like a savage

[Hook]