(Verse 1)

No time for you fake ass niggas
Sit back with a bitch and I relax nigga
Too many niggas be done for nothing
Hold it down for my city, got a grind for something
You got steez, but mine's is bumping
Your bitch got beauty, but mine’s from London
She is a top notch foreign bitch
With beauty, a lot of booty, her pussy is rich
A bitch want game, but I know I ain't laying
Yeah we see eye to eye, but we ain’t the same
Stay in your lane if you wanna maintain
Attitude will rule, gotta bring the pain
Screaming my name as I go in slow
Deep, deep like the sea, say you loved me, yo
I go so hard like brooklyn nigga
Sitting down on the porch counting my new figures
A nigga talk shit, seeing how they will or
But I can’t be back, you just want a hired killer
Gorilla all black, raider klan we squilla
And I stay low key like a young caterpillar
My niggas putting on for the goddamn klan
As I work the microphone with my dick in my hands
A chill pill make you feel good like me
As I knock the pussy out, Muhammad Ali
I’ll beat, that, and even sting like the poker brick
You a snake like but this ain't nothing like Ye
Had a dream like Martin Luther Vandross
Playing in the room, while I’m laying with her pants off
Pretty yeah, long hair she don't care
Said she love me and my dick, she can't share
Nowhere, no way, can how
The fuck you think you own me
Bitch get out

And the bitch all on me
(Chorus)
You me want me, I want you, I want you!
You want me, I want you, I want you!
You want me, I want you, I want you!
You want me, I want you, I want you!
You want me, I want you, I want you!
You want me, I want you, I want you!
You want me, I want you, I want you!
You want me, I want you, I want you!

(Verse 2)
Im just a weirdo, (weirdo)
Gold teeth shine (shine) like a sun so clear though (clear though)
How do I appear though? (appear though)
Do I seem dark (dark), or do I seem bright though (bright though)
I dont even like hoes (like hoes)
That try to come down (down), and make it on the radio (radio)
Nigga fuck a stero (stereo)..type
And bite, slapping juliet and romeo (romeo)
People kinda phony though (phony though)
But money still talk, so I kill 'em like a pony though (pony though)
She fucking with a phony though (phony though)
I'm a wild boy so I made her ride a rodeo (rodeo)
She moving like a merry-go (merry go)
Round and round, she go all on me yo (on me yo)
Calling me her daddy-yo (daddy-yo)
Pretty as a bar with the motherfucking paddy though (paddy though)

Gotta be the God of Black (God of Black)
Gotta take over the nation (nation)
Gotta be real, gotta be trill
Gotta do it for the generation
'88 Partiac
And make sure you a flash her
DC scrubs gotta be a goddess similar to Janet Jackson
Gotta be the God of Black (God of Black)
And make sure nigga's ain't phony (phony)
Cus if them niggas dont fuck wit' you
Then it makes y'all motherfucking homies
Gotta keep making stacks (making stacks)
Its all about motherfucking money (money)
See, in your family, fucking easter love bunnies
You a be filthy rich (filthy rich) full of bitches
Shit gotta do it for the bitches
Big mansion, by the beach, household full of bad bitches
You gotta have every bitch (every bitch) and all the money in the planet (planet)
All you gotta do is gimme a wish, and GOD will grant it
You gon' save the world (save the world)
And make sure we stay trill, theres a lotta fakes, theres a lot of snakes
But that ain't too trill
Baby you the God of Black (God of Black)
You gon have all the millions
Fuck these motherfucking haters, fuck they motherfucking feelings!

(Chorus)
You me want me, I want you, I want you!
You want me, I want you, I want you!
You want me, I want you, I want you!
You want me, I want you, I want you!
You want me, I want you, I want you!
You want me, I want you, I want you!
You want me, I want you, I want you!
You want me, I want you, I want you!