[Intro]
I'm ready, I'm ready, ahh-ahh-ow!
Rest in peace, Pimp C, yeah!
Lemme spark up first
I'm ready, ahh-ahh-ow!
Rest in peace, Pimp C, yeah!
Lemme spark up first
Let you know what the fuck is going on
The Dedication 3
Count it: 1, 2, 3

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, money make Weezy; Weezy makin' money
I keep my dick in my pants but them hoes take it from me
I go to sleep on Monday and I wake up Sunday
I go to sleep with money and wake up with money
Man, I'm on about 5 of 'em
My girl so thick, you can see her ass from the side of her
Yo girl just came in her booth
Somebody better get her a flammable suit
I got that bitch jumping like a kangaroo
Ain't a thing to do but bang and screw
I live in the cloud like the angels do
Hey, traffic, let my Vanquish through
Hey ma, this what I think of you
I wanna fuck yo head off and fuck yo ankles loose
Then drink the juice, I'm danger-oose
I got her clothes falling off like the hanger loose
I be the monster in her closet
She wanna go to Mars, I tell her, "Hop on top my rocket"
"5, 4, 3, 2, 1, take-off"
John Travolta with the head, I suck yo face off
Tell your man, "Take that cape off"
I put his ass in the pocket like the 8 ball
Wait, yall, I've never been tall
But if I stand on my money, I'll be with God
Like "Hallelujah, baby!"
It's, it's Young Moola, baby

[Verse 2: Gudda Gudda]
Young Gudda, put the gun to ya head, make ya pop like a bubble
When I pop off, you in trouble
Gat to yo waist, click-clack, niggas' fuckin knees buckle
Look at these suckas (Gudda!)
Talkin this bullshit, they don't know Gudda got a full clip
And I pull shit, leave yo stupid ass wet like a pool bitch
I don't bullshit, no, leave a bitch nigga stinking like bullshit
Gudda ain't the nigga you should fool with, no
These niggas know me nigga, knife like Shinobi nigga

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Ha, your mother owe me, nigga
Your brother pay me, nigga, your sister lay me, nigga
And I made your wife suck my Weezy F. babies, nigga
I'm still a crazy nigga, fuckin right, I'm wildin'!
Nigga, I just made a hundred fucking million dollars!
Nigga, I ain't even gotta rhyme!
Nigga, I just made a hundred fucking million dollars!