[Intro: Big Freedia]
I wanna know who mothafuckin' representin' in here tonight
Hold on, hold on

[Pre-Chorus: Lauryn Hill, A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie]
I keep lettin' you back in (Back in)
How can I explain myself?

[Chorus: Lauryn Hill, A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie, & Drake]
Care for me, care for me, you said you'd care for me (Yeah, this that real west side shit)
There for me, there for me, said you'd be there for me
Cry for me, cry for me, you said you'd die for me (That Highbridge shit) (Murda on the beat)
Give to me, give to me, why won't you live for me? (That wave)
Care for me, care for me, I know you care for me (This that wave)
There for me, there for me, said you'd be there for me
Cry for me, cry for me, you said you'd die for me (Die for me, give to me, give to me)
Give to me, give to me, why won't you live for me?

[Refrain 1: A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie]
Can you come close?
Only time I get to see you through the photos
On Instagram talkin' to my old hoes
'Til my girlfriend hear this shit she won't know
But it's alright
What you don't know won't hurt you
Gotta keep your elbows in my mattress
And you smell good, and it feel good
And you arch right, and I love that

[Chorus: A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie]
And you care for me, care for me
You said you'd care for me, there for me, there for me
Said you'd be there for me, cry for me, cry for me
You said you'd die for me, give to me, give to me
Why don't you live for me?

[Refrain 2: A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie]
Come close
Only time I get to see you through the photos
On Instagram talkin' to my old hoes
Havin' mood swings, bipolar
First your hair low, then your hair long
Can't control her, you know her
She's a demon
I hope you tighten up on these bitches
You've gotta be nice for what to these bitches?

[Verse 2: A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie]
I understand
She just want to be famous, takin' all the snaps
Playin' tricks got me hesitatin' about that ass
My nigga, we don't eat cheese, no we don't fuck with rats
I be missin' the streets, I hope they miss me back

[Chorus: A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie]
I hope they care for me, care for me
I hope you care for me, there for me, there for me
Said you'd be there for me, cry for me, cry for me
You said you'd die for me, give to me, give to me
Why won't you live for me, care for me, care for me
You said you'd care for me, there for me, there for me
Said you'd be there for me, cry for me, cry for me
You said you'd ride for me, give to me, give to me

[Post-Chorus: A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie]
Don't come close
Got the strap on me like it's velcro
Michael Jackson, I make them moonwalk
It get bad for you, shoot her goons up
Yeah, YOLO

[Bridge: Big Freedia, Letitia Wright, & A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie]
Uh-huh! (Oh yeah!)
These hoes! (They mad!) (YOLO)
Your boy! (I had!) (YOLO)
I made! (Watch the breakdown)
Drop it low-low, yeah, can you come and drop it low-low?
Baby, can you come and drop it low-low?
Yeah, can you come and drop it low-low?
Yeah

[Breakdown: Drake]
Gotta make that jump, gotta make that, gotta, gotta make that
Gotta make that jump, gotta make that, gotta, gotta make that
Gotta, gotta, gotta g-g-gotta, g-g-gotta, gotta
Gotta, g-g-gotta, gotta, gotta make that jump, jump (Let's go)
Bend it over, lift it up, bend it over, lift it up
Make that jump, jump
Bend it over, lift it up, bend it over, lift it up
Make that jump, jump
Bend it over, over, over, over, over, lift it up
Make that jump, jump
Bend it over, lift it up (Make that jump, jump)
Bend it over, lift it up (Make that jump, jump)