[Intro: A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie]
What the fuck is that sound?
What the fuck is that sound?

Banger!! Banger!!

[Chorus: A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie]
You turned me into a savage yeah
You turned me into a sa...
You turned me into a savage (huh)
(You turned me into a savage) (You turned me, you turned me)

[Verse 1: Gem Heart]
You turned me into a savage, I was in love with you
Never thought that you’ll play me, I never thought that you?
Call 12 on me, face hell from it (yeah)
Never thought that I call brody to post bail for me (yeah)
You turned me into a savage like 21 baby
I should heard all my niggas stuck to my guns baby

(Cause I)

When they warned me about you yeah!!
I was so lost in the pussy, it over turned me
Overlookin' the Gram, poppin' em Xans
Half naked and thottin' for little fans
I understand the fans really intriguin'
Tradin' your soul for gold is really appeasing
On the low I wanted you high key yeah
You turned me into a savage that’s how it be yeah (that's how it be!!)
If there's one thing I learned love ain't free (yeah)
Thought I'd make it with you besides me yeah (besides me!!)

[Chorus: A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie]
You turned me into a savage yeah
You turned me into a sa...
You turned me into a savage Huh!! (You turned me into a savage) x2

[Verse 2: Gem Heart]
You turned me into savage, I was in love with you
Never thought that you'd play me, I never thought that you
Told me pardon ya back, after I slid for you
That night I reached for my pistol, to let it bang for you
I would of traded it all & did that bid for you
You showed me loves a facade It's circumstantial you
Made me realize bitches is playas too
In this game, for the money & fame yeah, yeah
You betrayed me, then came for my name Yeah, Yeah
Spreadin' lies to the tabloids, & tellin' half the truth
Everybody knows It was all on you
Should of heard out my sister, she saw the hoe in you
But I ain't listen I was so fuckin' into you
& all the time you was lettin' that nigga into you
Thank god I never went & copped that ring for you
It's fucked up that I'll always have this thing for you

[Chorus: A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie]
You turned me into a savage yeah
You turned me into a sa...
You turned me into a savage (huh) (You turned me into a savage) x2

[Verse 3: A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie]
I kept it one thousand with you
I thought you was the right one you was my...
My pretty little light skin, light skin
I ain't saying I regret you baby it was good vibes when I met you
Baby you, thought that I was average
That's when you, you turned me into a savage

[Chorus: A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie]
You turned me into a Savage
You turned me into a Savage
You turned me into a Savage
You turned me into a Savage huh!! (You turned me ,you turned me!)

You turned me heartless, Huh!!

You turned me! you turned me!