I'm gonna let you in on some very confidential information, okay? Can you handle this?
*Yes*
The man who came in here is a shape-shifter
Are you familiar with shape-shifters sir?
*Yeah*
You know what they do?
*It's in the t.v.'s man. Like, they just um, physical morphing bodies basically um at will of your mind I guess
Are you gonna shape-shift in front of me right now or somethin'?*
No sir. But you're aware that they can take on any shape or form they want?
*Yes, yes I swear.*

[Sample Refrain]
Transform!
Shape-shifting!
Shape-shifters
Shape-shifting shape-shifter
Shape-shifting master

[Verse 1: Circus]
Form of
The ever-changeling then shifting my shape
Back to original transformation mega metaphors
Metamorphosizing trans-mutating canthropy
Yes I sense you trying to contact me telepathically
Time traveling the realm of the astral plane
Yo shedding my skin to remove the cocoon
Now i shine like the sun I'm like Simon Delmund
Cold driving the stake straight through Dracula's heart

[Die]
Straight from Calitron, Shape-shifters transform
Roboto roll on; Auto shapes roll
Report to headquarters, Teletron One
Show me through your eyes what the world has done
Destruction, chaos, civilians killing
Decepticons gone human cold hard feeling
Evil televised only for your eyes
Kindergartners on your doorstep fathered by Malachi

[Chorus]
Shape-shifters more than meets the eye
Shape-shifters rage their battles
To destroy the evil forces of the replicons
Shape-shifters reptilians in disguise
Shape-shifters more than meets the eye

[Sample Refrain]

[Verse 2: AWOL One]
Deflated sympathy for the rejected
Why does the t.v. control me with sound waves?
Here come the vaporizing robots
Micro-chip baby; implant bar-code
Robot scanner; break the mold
Disposable planet; human royalty
Search for unlimited transformation
When your ego gets deflated

[Existereo]
Moving and I'm roaming of the mass into a molecule
I'm rhyming raising vapor cause the woods are very volatile
It's solace to the solitude no follow through on nothing
Every range strange changelings
They knew that you were fronting
Bumping and they're bumping and
They're bumping with the rhythm
And they're rhyming through the trials
With all the style that they've been given
And they live in little houses
And the walls are record crates
Sixty-six minutes for six seconds straight

[Chorus]
Shape-shifters more than meets the eye
Shape-shifters rage their battles
To destroy the evil forces of the replicons
Shape-shifters reptilians in disguise
Shape-shifters more than meets the eye

[Sample Refrain]

[Verse 3: Akuma]
More than meets the eye, robots in disguise
Battling the evil forces up in the sky
Thunder dome terrains fast cars and jet planes
Megatron bombs cause sects and sound waves
From a planet far away on a quest for energy
Battling on middle earth against each enemy
Computer machines with circuit arteries
Mission of the humans to patrol the galaxy

[LifeRexall]
Replace the senses for motion detection
Our arteries now batteries to wire the system
Complete with cybernetic divisions
We were now created by geneticists from
Different divisions
We're fully functional but not living
The spirit now composed of binary digits
To mimic our existence
Push the neo-human race to its limits
To finish the depiction of our ending
In a world of science fiction

[Chorus]
Shape-shifters more than meets the eye
Shape-shifters rage their battles
To destroy the evil forces of the replicons
Shape-shifters reptilians in disguise
Shape-shifters more than meets the eye

(Joker Sample)
Don't make me-

*Make you what? Shape-shift into something even more scary?
What's next? The Boogie Man? Ooh hoo hooo hoooo!*