[Intro: God]
There once was a little girl
Who had a crush on a bad, bad boy
But when that bad boy got out of prison
That little girl's ass was in big, big trouble

[Hook: Yo-Landi Visser]
Daai bra Anies, hy's n fokken gam bra
Haai! Daai Anies, hy lam innie mang, ja
"Ken sy my nommer?" Xha! Boy, what's your number?
Twee ses? Twee sewe? Of is jy n ag bra?

[Verse 1: Yo-Landi Visser]
Throw them devilish gang signs in the air
Start giving it up for little evil me
My fingers are green 'cause I'm a mean dope fiend
I'm wicked like a mad D.O.G
Fresh like a little dark G.O.D
Yo-Landi Vi$$er got the hypest flow
Start talking in tongues whenever I get stoned
Motherfucking minds get blown
Every time I rap into the microphone
My zef accent is very foreign
When I speak overseas they go "I beg your pardon?"
You can't get me, like Eric Cartman
Naughty little kitty go "meow"
Yes daddy, I'm a big girl now
Jas little devil make your dick go "wow!"
Yeah, boy, Yo-Landi Vi$$er is hot stuff

[Hook: Yo-Landi Visser]
Daai bra Anies, hy's n fokken gangsta
Haai, daai Anies, hy lam innie mang, ja
"Ken sy my nommer?" Xha! Boy, what's your number?
Twee ses? Twee sewe? Of is jy n ag bra?
Daai bra Anies, hy droom innie mang, ja
Van my punani, ja, jys lekker jas, bra
Vinger in jou hol in, nxa! Haal uit die ganja
Ja pakkie zol in! Klap it soos n rasta

[Verse 2: Yo-Landi Visser]
I rhyme tight! Tight, tight, tight!
Spark mosh-pit shit 'cause I rhyme so hype
Put me in front of someone I don't like
I go punch! Kick! Bite! Fight!
I'm cray-cray like O.D.B
Yo-Landi down with O.P.P
I smell lovely 'cause I don't eat meat
Too much bubbly then I go pee-pee
Look out here I come, little evil me
I got a itchy little need for speed
Rap on the beat like a high-speed chase on
I gooi rooi! No motherfucking brakes on
All these pop songs sound like the same song
I burn them! Ja motherfucker, flame on!
Bow down to her motherfucking majesty
No rapper out there as bad as me

[Bridge: Yo-Landi Visser]
Sny jou koekie!
Sny-sny jou snoekie cookie!
Cut it-cut it, hey kitty kitty kitty!
Cut it-cut it, hey kitty kitty kitty!
Sny jou koekie!
Sny-sny jou snoekie cookie!
Cut it-cut it, hey kitty kitty kitty!
Cut it-cut it, hey kitty kitty kitty!

[Hook: Yo-Landi Visser]
Daai bra Anies hy's n fokken gangsta
Haai, daai Anies hy lam innie mang, ja
"Ken sy my nommer?" Xha! Boy what's your number?
Twee ses? Twee sewe? Of is jy n ag bra?

Daai bra Anies hy's a fokken gam bra
Daai bra Anies hy's vars uitie mang ja
Wys hom punani, waars jou cookie thumper?
Gee hom punani, maar hy soekie bum, bra!

Daai bra Anies hy's a fokken rou bra
Ek blom met Anies lekker oppie sofa
He love Yo-Landi 'cause I'm blonde all over
Maar yoh! Daai Anies hy hou van my boude!