[Intro: Yolandi/Ninja]
What you gonna do today ninjie huh?
Same thing I do everyday;
Kick some zef raps
Speak to girls
Try to take over the world
Cool!

[VERSE 1: Yolandi/Ninja]
Uh, ay yo what the fucks pumping up in this bitch?
Ninjas back, hold onto your panties
I rap flash so I'm making mad cash
If you don't like it, you can kiss my black ass
Ho-ho-hold up! when I'm on the mic its like  'oh fuck!'
Mad pussy on tap when you blow up
'Whos you're favourite rapper ninja?'
Myself
All the sexy girls that want to kiss me brah
All around the world they say they miss me, aw
Nice to see you again, how you been sweetheart?
'Whatcha gonna do today ninjie huh?'
Whatever I feel like I wanna do, fuck
Cause not doing whatever the fuck you wanna do sucks
Girls wiggling, giggling, telling me I'm the man
But every time I take off my fucking underpants

[Chorus: Ninja]
Some girls start crying, some girlies run away
I'm like huh what the fuck? Man okay
Just relax yourself baby it's gonna be okay
Its not my fault I was born this way
Im an african, come girl you know whats up
This big motherfucking dick is whats up
Brave girls always got a lot of love
For my raging ZEF boner

[VERSE 2: Ninja]
Wow! I'm a big fucking rap star now
Jump on the mic and make the girls pants fall down
Even got my own instagram: rotgot23
Girls so horny - boobs in my inbox!
Accept, accept, accept
Yo booty-booty-booty, woah! Big fat boobies
Send a pic of my dick back
Do chicks really dig that?
Duh! [?] big fat bluff
Scroll-scroll scrolly-scrolly, hold up!
Getting deep and deep the more you blow up
Oh yeah fuck! Yo this chicks hot!
Maybe I should just chill man this shits sick - not
I feel like I'm tripping on acid, bru
Big tits girlie with the fantastic boobs
Rotgot getting rude, lil ratties getting nude
I really hope I'm not getting catfished dude

[Chorus: Ninja]
Some girls start crying, some girlies run away
I'm like huh what the fuck? Man okay
Just relax yourself baby it's gonna be okay
Its not my fault I was born this way
I'm an african, come girl you know whats up
This big motherfucking dick is whats up
Brave girls always got a lot of love
For my raging ZEF boner

[VERSE 3: Yolandi/Ninja]
This one chick, pretty little blonde chick
Small bitch, mad funny honey not a dumb chick
Fun chick, Fuck phone sexy baby, I'm sick
Fucking around, get your ass over here come quick
'I'd love to Ninjie but you're really far away'
Next day little baby getting on a plane
I got mad motherfucking expensive taste
Straight import a bitch all expenses paid
What motherfucker on the mic come hype?
Little rattie got a pussy and its tight tight tight
Raw dog with a big fat African dick
I drag it out slow then stab it in quick
Fucking you, fucking fuck oh you like that raw shit bitch?
Yeah you know my motto - if it doesn't fit just force it
Oh shit shit shit fuck I'm gonna cum
Yum looking at the cum dripping out your bum

[Chorus: Ninja]
Some girls start crying, some girlies run away
I'm like huh what the fuck? Man okay
Just relax yourself baby it's gonna be okay
Its not my fault I was born this way
I'm an african, come girl you know whats up
This big motherfucking dick is whats up
Brave girls always got a lot of love
For my raging ZEF boner

[Outro]
[Fuck her like a Ninja
Try a new ‘wat kyk jy’ condom
Keep it secret
Keep it safe.]