[Intro: Ninja]
Yo Hi-Tek
Let's fuck around with some of that ol' feel good gangsta shit

[Hook: Ninja]
I been rapping for 20 fucking years
Whole lot of fucking blood sweat and tears
Who cares they don't give a fuck
On the mic I'm taking no prisoners

[Post-Hook: Yo-Landi Vi$$er]
Check me out now... yo yo!
So what I'm only up an' coming in the game?
So what I'm in it for the cash, money and the fame?
So what I'm better than you and it's fucking up your brain?
Yo-Landi Vi$$er is the shit up in this bitch!

[Verse 1: Ninja & Yo-Landi]
I rapped for 20 years, never made a cent (shame)
Borrowed money from my mom to pay the rent
Now how'm I gonna get out this mess?
Yo-Landi shows me two stripes on the fokken piss test (Oh fuck)
Broke ass Ninja gonna be a daddy (Yeah)
Little baby Ninja gonna need some nappies
Gave it my best shot, never pressed stop
Thank god Die moederfokken Antwoord went pop (Oh!)

[Verse 2: Yo-Landi & Ninja]
Got a million fucking dollars in the bank (Woah)
Then I converted all my dollars into rands (Ching-ching)
That equals seven million rands in the bank
Not too shitty, fuck you Jimmy, I'ma never give it back! (Never)
Don't worry Ninji, yo I'm gonna make you proud
I'm here to work, I'm not here to fuck around (Is ja)
I'm your special little cherrie on the top
I keep it very fuckin' hot indeed I'm never gonna flop

[Hook: Ninja]
I been rapping for 20 fucking years
Whole lot of fucking blood sweat and tears
Who cares they don't give a fuck
On the mic I'm taking no prisoners

[Post-Hook: Yo-Landi]
Kykie! Uh
So what I fly 'round the whole world getting paid?
So what I smoke weed all day every day?
So what I tell truth even when I tell a lie?
I get very red in the eye when I'm getting high

[Verse 3: Ninja & Yo-Landi]
I got a record deal in the overseas (Really?)
So excited that I couldn't go to sleep (Hosh!)
They wanted my soul so I sold it for a fee
When they dropped the album everyone downloaded it for free
In da overseas they think I'm the shizzle
In South Africa they think I'm a criminal
"Little girl show me your ID"
I don't like the drugs but the drugs sure like me!
Ninja fuckin' ugly on the skin
But Ninja very lovely from within
I'm serious but also need a bit of fun
Ninja likes the girls who let him stick his penis up their bum
Ek gooi n fokken 27 innie lug (Hosh!)
Ek slat jou met my fokken piel in jou gesig (Sies!)
I'm da fuckin' ultimate I can't lose
Klap n vet moerrefokken zol, nou's jy confused!

[Hook: Ninja]
I been rapping for 20 fucking years
Whole lot of fucking blood sweat and tears
Who cares they don't give a fuck
On the mic I'm taking no prisoners

[Post-Hook: Yo-Landi]
So what my teachers at school told me I would never hack it?
So what I'm like a full-blown marijuana addict?
So what I'm like da freshest fokken rapper on da planet?
It's a Afrikan thing you wouldn't understand it! (Never)

[Verse 4: Ninja & Yo-Landi]
You're chilling in your room bored all alone (Uh)
Now you're flipping through porn on your phone
You start jerking off, 'bout to bust a nut
When your mom walks in the room, Jesus what da fuck? (Ag sies)
Life is crazy, yo it doesn't make sense (No)
I'm here to make money, not to make friends
I used to hustle like a fokken dwankie to pay the rent
Nowadays when I check my balance at the ATM I go...
Oh my god! Oh, oh my god!
Oh my god! Oh, oh my god!
Oh my god! Oh, oh my god!
(Geld my boetie)

[Outro: Yo-Landi & Ninja]
I'm so hot right now, I need a ice tea
Shit Hi-Tek, dis motherfucking beat is nasty
I'm so hot right now! The girlies go psst!
I'm so hot touch my face and go tsss!
I'm so hot right now! Yo-Landi Vi$$er!
I'm so hot right now! DJ Hi-Tek!
I'm so hot right now! Zefside Ninja!
I'm so hot right now! Die fokken Antwoord!
I'm so hot right now! Neill Blomkamp!
I'm so hot right now! Tony Ciulla!
I'm so hot right now! Show me da moolah!
I'm so hot right now! Ja motherfucker so what?