[Intro: Yo-landi & Ninja]
Come to the dark side, we have candy
Yes, but do you have coffee?
Sure we have coffee, how do you take it?
Black, like my soul

[Chorus]
He likes his coffee black, like his soul
He drinks it scorching hot, like a fucking psycho
He like coffee a lot and he like his coffee now
Fifty cups of coffee and you know it’s on

[Verse 1: Yo-landi & Ninja]
Bang, motherfucker, bang
Ja! Jy’s n fokken mal gat
Dumbfucks can't even handle my slang
Skiet jou in jou moeder fokken poes want jy praat kak
Celebrity fuckboy rappers can’t hang
Ja! Met n vinger in jou hol in!
Step the fuck back you, whack motherfucker
Like Kanye Kardashian
Yo, I like rats and coffee and weed
And sing whatever the fuck I want to the beat
And I like gats and money and speed
And drivin' like a poes down the motherfuckin' street
And all I wanna do is zoom, zoom, zoom
Bass pump in the trunk, boom, boom, boom
Pitch-black windows
You wanna see me, but you can't
Sippin' on champagne
Puffin' on a blunt

[Spoken Interlude: Yo-landi & Ninja]
So, how do you feel now that you have your new dark powers?
Aah, feel pretty good, not eh, not scared at all, that just feel kind of, I feel kind of invincible

[Verse 2: Yo-landi & Ninja]
I non-stop motherfucker
I'm too ill to chill
Too dope to cope
Too lit to quit
You fuck with peanut butter and jelly
She talks shit
My foot kicks your ass
My fists split your lip
My mommy she shut me up with duct tape
Now I get paid for talking all day
Kidding, fok it, let’s go full retard
Aw, fucks sakes, who ate my last cupcake?
I love coffee, but not a fuck
When I drink Starbucks, 'cause Starbucks sucks
Ja! Daai shit proe soos kak! Ek kannie!
Oh man, I’m makin' so much motherfuckin' money
It’s making my brain go funny
You put the money in the wallet
Fok it, I can’t think, I need more coffee
Kidding, fok it, let’s go full retard
No more motherfuckin' milk or sugar, because

[Chorus]
He likes his coffee black, like his soul
He drinks it scorching hot, like a fucking psycho
He like coffee a lot and he like his coffee now
Fifty cups of coffee and you know it’s on

[Spoken Interlude: Yo-landi]
But, sometimes I get sad, and I cut myself
A piece of cake!

[Outro: Yo-landi & Ninja]
Yo, cuz, I get the mother fuckin' munchies
Oh, motherfucker, I need some one to eat
Flesh so yummy, bones so nice and crunchy
Hehehe, I dare you to fuck with me
Ah, aren't you just such a cute little lollipop?
Triple-dipped in psycho