[Verse 1: Tory Lanez]
She fuckin' with the niggas in the back
Hood niggas in the black, bad bitches gettin' in for the rack, uh
She don’t wanna waste time on a lame nigga
I don’t wanna waste time 'cause I’m Lanez, nigga
Yeah, I got so many hoes
So many though that lil nigga get cash
See the whip vroom and I’m in the back
Blink your eye, see the whip ride, call it whiplash, ah
I don’t got no time for hoes, they ain’t got no time for me
But if I tell a bitch put that work in, I bet she’d grind for free
What I'm tryna to say is no time to waste so don’t fuck around
So live inside of this moment, girl and just fuck me now

[Chorus: Tory Lanez]
Shawty I ain’t playin', nah
I’m fuckin' round, I’m fuckin' round
That Henny all in my cup
Seen that Benz pull up and got stuck
Oh she said alright, can you be my driver?
And if I drive that pussy wild then she gon' be my rider
So I said alright, I’ma be your driver
And if I drive that pussy wild then she gon' be my rider
So I said alright, I’mma be yo driver
And if I drive that pussy wild then she gon' be my rider

[Verse 2: Roscoe Dash]
Pull up in the parkin' lot
Don’t give a fuck if it was dark or not
Baby girl, we on a mission too
You and anywhere we can position to
Probably pay her car note and her tuition too
Her lil pussy and her ass in critical
Condition when I finished from replenished
She was sayin' it never happen
Back at it, clap-clappin'
Fuck it let them bitches hate on it
Probably work they whole life just to pay for it
Got a booty so big, sit a cake on it
Any other nigga gotta wait on it
But a nigga like me don’t need to plate for it
And I ain’t know it
So when I ride by I don’t even say nothin'
She be smilin' 'cause she love a nigga style
So I’m the only she let drive around, I'm like

[Chorus: Tory Lanez]
Shawty I ain’t playin', nah
I’m fuckin' round, I’m fuckin' round
That Henny all in my cup
Seen that Benz pull up and got stuck
Oh she said alright, can you be my driver?
And if I drive that pussy wild then she gon' be my rider
So I said alright, I’ma be your driver
And if I drive that pussy wild then she gon' be my rider
So I said alright, I’mma be yo driver
And if I drive that pussy wild then she gon' be my rider

[Interlude]
Tory: Who the fuck is this? Hello?
Lucille: Yo
Tory: Hello, Ms. Backseat Love
Lucille: I'm not doin' this no more
Tory: What's wrong with you? You straight?
Lucille: Look, I'm not stupid
Tory: What you mean? What you talkin' 'bout?
Lucille: I know you and your homies shot at my man
Tory: Ay, you trippin' Lucille. You don't even know me like that
Lucille: All this money, the guns
Tory: Yo, Lucille
Lucille: Just is, this foreign lifestyle you got tryna maintain
Tory: Where's this even comin' from like? Yo
Lucille:It was an eye job, wasn't it?
Tory: You know what, yeah, it fuckin' was, man, aight. What?
Lucille: You know the difference Tory
Tory: It is what it is
Lucille: You just another nigga doin' somethin' wild for a dollar
Tory: Yeah, yeah, good for fuckin' me. Aight?
Lucille: I'm not tryna knock your house off. I'ma let you do you but I just don't feel right
Tory: You trippin' Lucille