Have you ever been to wonder land?
No no really have u ever been to wonder land?
I was just wonderin', when it rains is it thunderin'? When I'm under your umbrella will I ever see the sun again, if I don't I don't mind baby it's all good
Late nights (damn) how I miss them late nights, them late nights would ya stay fly, just to stay nights couldn't lay right so we play fight till' the daylight if I could, I'd do it in a heartbeat (I would) cause' without my heartbeat (huh?) I'm dead..... Oh how I wish I could I'd do whatever just to have her here forever I swear she never has to worry bout a thang (nah) though she never packs according to the whether never knew that guilty pleasure brings pain (nope), well I was just wonderin' do you still have my numberin'? When you ask to take the call you hesitate because of him? Would it be different if it wasn't him?(huh?) and I was just wonderin' do ya think of me before ya lay in front of him? Do you close ya eyes and envision that it wasn't him? and if ya do let it show baby it's all good
Man have you ever met a woman so bad you begged to hold her hand? And give her everything that you had? She known that straight away you've never been that, if she ever went to far then you'd be bringing her back in the sack, on her back, a couple handfuls of tracks the lady kept u waitin' she get punished for that, but you have all yo niggas cakin' on that and if she claim yo bank statement she be statin' a fact. Ya goin' have on the dinner dates half on the baby, half of em show things half of em maybies, runnin' to ya niggas like shawty havin' my baby! Half of em happy for ya half of em hating we was stars in the city that's how it was in the street lights when you hear rumors tell em keep tight ya already know what side talk be like. Talkin' trash on the sidewalk it's all right. And I was just wonderin' would you recognize my number still? If I hit you up and told you that I really kinda wanna chill would you keep it real? Tell me if I should