(Intro - DJ Fly Guy)
See, I know what you’re thinking
Niggas thought we were just done, this was it?
Hell nah, nigga, got a lil jet lag
And we were too far out in time
So y’all had a lotta time to catch up with us
Hence the late flight Y’all been late muthafuckas
We been waitin’ on y’all Scoe! Talk to ’em

(Verse 1)
I’m standing on top of the world with my hands out
Now fix your face, and give me space, we don’t do hand-outs It’s been a long time coming, tryna stand out
So I gotta go hard cause there’s no way I’mma let my clan down
Hands down
I gotta be one of the illest niggas doin’ it
And I swear that I got no brain
I be right back on that stupid shit
Plus I’m a product of my environment
And since I be in the sky and shit
Man, I felt it was only right that I’d be dressed in all the fly shit
Always, and money haul ways AKA the long way
I can try to count it but we be sittin’ here all day
And my ego is stupid like Steve-O
They mad cuz they can’t ball, they just good at shootin’ free throws
I’m like power to the people who gettin’ to the money
Them haters gon’ hate, but we ain’t even stuntin’
Mama taught me don’t stop until the people feel me coming
Almost like I got 8 limbs the way I muthafuckin’ run it my
Put on the gas, pedal to the floor board
No lookin’ back, that’s points on, I score board, FUCK IT !!
Watchu doin’ Scoe When you gonna put your mixtapes up ?
I’m on that turn-up J.U.I.C.E. you should fix a cup

(Verse 2)
Oh yeahh and
They hate to see a young black man gettin to the money
So i wake up and look straight up
And say thanks to who's above me
I got too much rhymes to be agrue about who's hard, Plus!
Thats a loose lose like the dutch you know PAUSE
So when you see me out, don't think that they fell in love
Its just the hits I make, well that ain't no gonna sell (?)
All about my money feeling money is no go
And damn I like that line it should be the phrase under my LOGO
They like OH NO OH NO !!
Dame ! that Scoe boy found his mojo
Every track he on, i swear he got em jumping like its Pogo
I been on Texas and ATL and Polo
And I feel like my so called competition is moving slow moo
Im like SHITT !!
Don't be mad at me, im all my job doe
Blunts bigger than the nose on gunzo
They say they need a hit, well don't we all do
Cut the checks i be right there (?)