(Verse - Roscoe)
Could have came in on this beat
Rapping like everyone else
I'm guessing I wouldn't be help
If I listen to everyone else
Number ones, number ones
Number ones, like where the fuck is my belt?
I ride on my ego
I make him a song just to ride by myself
A gun on myself, pop it out
'cause that is the only way that I be popping out
Niggers get popped, a lot of niggers popping out
2014 David Hasslehoff. Champagne popping?
Nigga, mazel tov! Fucking 'round the Cano
When I shop a limousine, I'm pulled up by the scenery
Nigga, we made it, Stanches, Dackenoff
Auto griz, nigga shit, popping off
Niggers hating, niggers hating, 'cause they not about
I ain't worried by these nigga, not at all
Gon'be, helitate, Damn, wacker, we be thinking we irrelevant
I drop work, what I'm feeling now is pessimist
How the hell you ain't work, but you president
My team up 1000. we up in your trousers
Who you supposed to be, crouchy?
I Ain't slept in a weekend and it's nothing but money
And bitches around me
If I'm still in your plumbing, I'm killing your floor
And no exceptions, no joke
They say soda and soda, well
Y'all don't know the difference between Pepsi and Coke

[Hook]
We made it. Nigga, we made it! Damn, we made it!

(Verse - JTK)
This shit right here, you never seen
I'm hungry, where the fuck is Kellis Severteen?
No more mister nice guy, promise I would pet a man
Coming from a pedigree, but I would never leave
Take a shot, like everytime that they took a shot
And I stayed drunk. I had other games where my ballers pre zip off, ...
Commas, like, wait up! Ah
But what do I know now?
Like they do not get bitches to low down
Girls say I'm the cruise Paul Walker
Damn, tell the driver to slow down
Did I fuck around and just cruise my ego?
I keep going until the truth is exposed
And I am the truth, I've been truth from the go
But how can I grow in loose fitting clothes?
Did you get it? Did you get it?
You with it, you with it?
I got it, I'm popping
I knew we would make it, I knew we'd make paper
Profit for profit
That girl was on here, she was easy
But somehow it was hard to get off it
She pull it, she twist it, I flick it, I spin it
I pass it, then pop it. Damn!
I'm going crazy, I lost it before
But I'm loosing my head again
They beg for a picture, for Instagram V
It's relieve like some medicine head ackes
They say I'm not the best
But this what I hear when I ask them who's better then:
Kid...

[Hook]
We made it. Nigga, we made it! Damn, we made it!

(Verse - Spiff)
I just have a tour, bitches galore
The same bitch you ador, the bitch at my door
Got pigeons and more. You is wife is a whore
You didn't even know it
Hang out a question, my niggers they know that they got me
If she don't come back in the room
Then she gon'take shots in the lobby?
Is she gon'get friends? I know they alot
Hey, 9 out of 10, they fucking with Ronnie
I need a cup of that Lina, my fucking felina
Maddy, who's gon'get the team, she gon'get that shit taddy
Now go put that fuck on your titty
Bugging so good, I ain't mad, these niggers get stuck in the city
I was out in the ... September was fading
Then went back in November, like, nigga, we made it
I remember, you hate it. Fuck it, lets go!