[Verse 1: Elzhi]
I feel out of place, I feel so out of place
Maybe I belong somewhere in outer space
The way I'm often alienated daily and hated by earthlings
I know acknowledging my worth stings, my mama birthed kings
Yet I get treated just the opposite
Despite I'm either out of this world or sitting on top of it
I'm just being who I am but can they say the same?
Or do they stay ashamed
Cause they eyes denies a greater flame?
I see why now they don't include me
I used to let that rude be-haviour set the wrong attitude free
Then I thought I could be alienated because I'm special
Nestled in a celestial body, a godly vessel
For some I know that's probably stressful for them to wrestle
With the idea, once they put it together like Ikea
Cause I see a bit of jealousy and envy when they pretend we
Friends with secret plans to offend me

[Hook: Smitty]
Lately I ain't been gettin' no sleep
See my homies in the street and the niggas don't speak
Oh I'm
So alienated, alienated
Lately I been on my own low-key
I don't think nobody in this world knows me
Oh I'm
So alienated, alienated

[Verse 2: Elzhi]
See in my past life I could've been a quasar off the radar
For now, I been sleeping inside of Jaycar
Waking up while curious neighbours peep through their windows
It's why I always pen flows in hopes I'll land on my ten toes
I wipe the cold from my eyes then I peel
So I can steal the WiFi where you apply fries with your meal
Download some tracks then I park somewhere on the block and dip
Hair hangs out my skully, jeans are faded and the pocket's ripped
Out in the burbs so I get strange looks
While I think of concepts, write verses, arrange hooks
Down side streets where houses are enormous
I pray one day I'll afford it and that I'll find inspiration to keep moving forward
Until I stumble into someone that truly makes me feel
Out of place
Maybe I belong somewhere in outer space
Mingling with the stars, getting some sun
Catching some electromagnetic waves, that would be fun

[Hook: Smitty]
Lately I ain't been gettin' no sleep
See my homies in the street and the niggas don't speak
Oh I'm
So alienated, alienated
Lately I been on my own low-key
I don't think nobody in this world knows me
Oh I'm
So alienated, alienated

[Verse 3: Elzhi]
Well fuck it then, I'll leave the planet
I'll hijack a rocket and probly won't even land it
Until I'm light years away from moving fast pace to a speedier power
After stopping I'm tryna hop in a meteor shower
Get dressed, but there won't be no time to unwind
I'll be busy either moonwalking or walking on sunshine
While my chain hang over me dips
Down to the sun so when it swings it's like a solar eclipse
Which makes me start writing bars, lighting cigars
Off planet Mars flicking' ashes, you would call falling stars
All year round, June to June
I wanna say I sat on Saturn, murked Mercury and mooned the moon

[Outro: Elzhi]
Uh, who's this on my phone? Uh huh, hey, what's up? What's good? Hold on, let me leave outta here cause I can't really hear whatchu saying. Hold up
Yo what's good? Naw I'm in the studio, what's up? Oh really? OK. You want me to come over like soon as I'm done? Aight, bet I'll be over there. No doubt