[INTRO]
Yo man what's up with this word "love"?
I-I don't get it, I mean..
Okay, a brother could say he love his car, ya know?
He say he love hitting the pussy
He could also say he love earning cash flow.. you know what I'm saying?
What's wrong about that.. ya know?
It's a comparison of saying you love your fam.. you know.. you...you love your girl... you love life
I don't know.. lemme know, man... cause shit is like.. a puzzle but ah.. word up

[Verse 1: Elzhi]
So tell what me what is pure love
Me and poetry, got something going on
My woman wonders why she don't see me
Am I cheating because I love critiquing this art form?
Me caressing the pen within makes my heart warm
Speaking of heart
Cash's raft in her heart
And is it love?
Must be for me, man, cause my girl strays further apart
It's breaking her heart
My heart's broken, too
But I'll be more hurt if you called me wack
I would take it to heart
My relationship with my penmanship has grown thicker
It's been with me since I was young, now I'm a grown nigga
So tell what is really love?
My woman gives me love, I love to hit the booty
And she love to give it to me
Plus she love dick, and she love kicks in the size six
I love the way she look, pretty eyes, thick, arousing my private-
Parts, licking my parts in private
I love to hear her moan, a sweet tone with froze eyelids
Of course I love sex, do I think she my soul mate?
I don't know, cause I put my heart and soul within this whole tape
I present it, somebody told me love is not a limit
I guess it's true to say you love me and the freshest shoe in the same sentence
Bothers me, cause one probably weighs out the other
And if I'm equal to a gym shoe, she stepping on my soul
Cause through my 20 years of living
I done been through many notebooks and though many women
But it's only one I can open to see the truth that lies within 'em
Or whatever lies within 'em, I can honestly say I feel 'em

[Hook]
So, if I had to choose between her and it
I'd have to choose
My woman wants me to choose between her and rapping
But I think about it just as much as the words are rapping
See how they rhyme!

[Verse 2: Elzhi]
Besides my woman bugging and me wishing I had lots of loving
Keep the mic hot like pasta oven
She got assumptions that I'm cheating
And claim I don't spend time with her
She says I'd rather bust a rhyme in her
Crown of a mic, my ex babes are like wack rappers
Sounding alike, both hate the fact that I'm emceeing
The studio I be in
While I'm trapped between the lines like riding with Drivers Ed teaching
She tryna throw me out them same lines like I'm a drunk Speed Demon
These evenings, I come home late
I'll be thinking about calling her but I hate thinking her phone late
Next day she illing, like "was your thinking cap on straight!?!"
I can't take this, but I'mma take this gift and make this my career
Where my support at?
I threw my heart into rapping, she tore that
Baby, what happened to trusting her?
Things you said before that?
Thinking my lyrics are lady, and poetry means pussy
And when I say "hit the tracks,"
She think it's some broad with tracks, shocked and appalled by that

[Hook]

C'mon !