[Verse One] [Elzhi]:
A spit a striking collage once the mic is massaged
Thought you could see me but you couldn't, it's like a mirage
I'm the best thing
I've had drama that stress bring
To blowin' cess rings at the crib in my west wing
I'm super great, know the scoop once your crew is ate
Cause what I write is as tight as the chick you gotta lubricate
No need to recuperate
And to stoop to hate
I'm in a Coupe with house stupid as Snoop's estate
Decrease your pride, I provide you a piece
You wish, my beasts inside was tied to a leash
Cause in the booth son I'm the truth serum
The only time I lie is on a track, when the rhyme apply
I, stay on the model's lips
Haters get the hollow tips
For them I wouldn't twist my wrist and let the bottle drip
High as them Apollo trips
I'm pushin' Monte Carlo whips
And flow like the current in water that swallow ships
I'm at your services
Just a third of this is murderous
Makin' me the nicest you heard exist between bird and fish
Breathin'
Since I was teethin'
Be even
Scoopin' up dimes ?? Cleveland ??

[Chorus] [Elzhi]:
And I gets down
I gets down for my crown
Many clowns hit the ground going round after round
Was found in the sound, more profound then a noun
And it's bound to withstound and get around through your town
I gets down
You, you get 'em up
Yo, I gets down
You, you get 'em up
Yo, I gets down
You, you get 'em up

[Verse Two] [Elzhi]:
While you tryin' to reach the tippy top standin' on your tippy toe
I'm firin' up the finest herb that a hippy blow
I'll spit a flow you never heard from the lip befo'
Then watch me slide like a ride on a slippery slope
Day, there's no way I'll ever go astray
Bullet
You fucks better duck when I pull it
Your son will lay scathed
Many often are slain for not comin' off of the chain
Like a runaway slave
I stay, buildin' the bars that imprison the poetry
Once the sentence is given, I'm driven to throw the key
I got this thing locked, now let the king lock
You heard that they call me dope, man
But I don't slang rock
Check what my fist wrote and fuck a misquote
Skeet in a miss throat
If she, smell like a fish boat
I'm iller than a triple six coat
You can drown and be found face down where my piss float
The fly don icon, swift as a python
Drinkin' dry wine, feet kick up like tae kwon
Do, I gets high on the low
And my heat blow like I know the sky's gonna snow

[Hook]:
And I gets down
I gets down for my crown
Many clowns hit the ground going round after round
Was found in the sound, more profound then a noun
And it's bound to withstound and get around through your town
I gets down
You, you get 'em up
Yo, I gets down
You, you get 'em up
Yo, I gets down
You, you get 'em up

[Outro] [Elzhi talking]:
Yeah nigga. It's like that it's goin' down. Detroit city in the house nigga. What up my man Guilty Simpson. Fat Ray, Black Milk, DJ Diz, my nigga Hex Murda, MarvWon, Dreadknots, Fat Killers, what up though? It's goin' down nigga. You ain't know? Yeah. Detroit all the way to Japan baby. Fuck y'all fake ass niggas. We out