[Intro: Elzhi]
Sit down
Breathe in
Stand up
Get your mind right (x7)

[Verse 1: Elzhi]
Today is a fresh start and the best part's
Being blessed with a test to progress where you were less smart
Whether or not you pass or fail
Limit disaster ain't gotta master from when you took a class for Yale where all spirits on a physical plane
And that's why you have to go deep
To awaken all the answers inside you to every question that cause you to get no sleep
So keep this in mind next time when you're feeling confused
Or you're lighting a square, or spilling the booze
You must be willing to choose
Another way of healing, through the creator ....[?]
Because it is all appealing to snooze
Who could use a good rest?
You're not thinking straight then you probably would stress
Maybe even doubt it was something that didn't even [?] to you
Thought that it was odd cuz you never brought it to God
Now, during  meditation
Keep the back of your head and your bed adjacent
Inhale deep
Exhale slow
Think about nothing
Next tell yourself
That you are made in the image of the father
And let go of negative things, why bother?
It is not worth your time
Though time is an illusion
And you're not behind it, walking around blinded
See, everything you want to know
Is buried deep inside of you
And the only way to find it is
To believe in your heart and your whole mind
That you really are a diamond in a coal mine
Extraordinary pressures, special, valuable, and over time
Let those walls in your soul shine [?]
And I'm hoping you can feel
All of your problems start to diminish
Before you're reaching the finish goal line
There is power in anything you put your mind to
Don't let your own light to shine through blind you
And define who you are in your lost state
That will be revealed even if it comes across late
Remember, listen with your heart, feel with your gut, speak with your mind
And look at life through your pineal gland
It's in the spiritual, it's different from the physical
And not reaching that level is part of the Devil's evil plan
Now as we bring this session to a close
Just count to 10 backwards and through your nose
Inhale deep
Exhale slow
Think about nothing
Next tell yourself
That you are made in the image of the father
And let go of negative things, why bother?

[Outro: Elzhi]
You gotta keep your thoughts left
Your mind right
This power from within
That you can shine bright
Use your first, your second, your third eye
Combined sight
To intertwine and blind
With your refined light (x2)

[Skit]
Damn El, its about 90 degrees outside
Sunny, there's not a cloud in the sky
And you're are walking around in a raincoat?
You're soaking wet man!
What was you doin'? Brainstorming?