[Spoken Word Intro]
So I'm a lil’ bit tired
I ain't get to rehearse this shit
So we doing it all live

[Pre-Recorded Audio]
Hey Suge, what I tell you when I come out of jail what I was gonna do? I was gonna start diggin into these niggas checks right? And quick, lemme see them binoculars. The binoculars

[Intro]
C'mon, yeah!
It’s all about you, one time
Where my ladies at? Where my ladies?
It's all about you
Turn it up, turn it up!
It's all about you
Turn that shit up man!
Everybody!

[Verse 1]
You probably crooked as the last trick
Want to laugh 'bout how I got my ass
Caught up with this bad bitch?
Thinkin' I had her, but she had me in the long run
It's just my luck, I'm stuck with fuckin' with the wrong one
Wise decisions, based on lies we livin’
Scandalous times, this game’s like my religion
You could be rollin' with a thug
Instead you with this weak scrub, lookin’ for some love
In every club, I see you watchin' like you want it
Well, baby, if you got it, better flaunt it
Let the liquor help you get up on it
I'm still tipsy from last night
Bumpin' these walls as I pause, addicted to the fast life
I try to holla, but you tell me you taken
Sayin’ you ain't impressed with the money I'm makin'
Guess it's true what they tellin' me
Fresh out of jail, life's hell for a black celebrity
So that's the reason why I call, and maybe you with it
Fantasies of us fucking', can I get it?
Addicted to the things you do
But still true what I'm sayin', boo, ‘cause this is all about you

[Chorus]
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho
Yeah, nigga
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho

[Verse 2]
I make a promise if you go with me, just let me know
I'll have you hollerin' my name out before I leave
Nobody loves me, I'm a thug nigga
I only hung out with the criminals and drug dealers
I love niggas ‘cause we comin' from the same place
Witness me holla at a hoochie, see how quick the game takes
How can I tell her I'm a playa and I don't even care?
Creep low, weed smoke's in the air
Everywhere I go, it's all about the groupie hoes
Waitin' for niggas at the end of every show
I just seen you in my friend's video
Now I never put a bitch before my friends, so here we go
Follow the leader and peep the drama that I'm goin' through
It's all about you
Yeah, nigga, it's all about you

[Chorus]
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho

[Verse 3: Hussein Fatal]
Is you sick from the dick, or is it the flu?
It ain't about you or your bitch-ass crew
Every other city we go and every video
Explain to a nigga why I see the same shitty ho?
You think it's all about you? Well, boo
I gets down like Dru, and my nasty new niggas, too

[Verse 4]
You couldn't hold me back, it'd take a fatter track
A lyrical attack, perhaps, it was a visual bluff
When I started to snaps all your rode 'em swoll
Straight in control, flows'll fold, while hoes cold stroll
Hold the set, I told Dramacy' go in next
Gold digger, cold diggin' a gold Rolex
I slide in easily, try a grizzly
Sluts know the cut, I came to fuck, try skeezin' me
Runnin' up in ya just like Bruce Jenner when I bend ya
At the most, I fucked a bitch from the West Coast to West Virginia
Uh, uh
It's like that
It's all about you

[Spoken Word]
Where "How Do You Want It" at yo?
How do you want it?
Where that freaky shit?
How does it feel?