[Intro: Little Boy]
Hey Junior Mafia I got something for your mothafuckin’ ass

[2Pac]
Fuckin’ lil' homies
Everybody duckin’, fuckin’ lil' homies
Lil' homies
Everybody duckin’, fuckin’ lil' homies

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Just pay attention, here's a story 'bout my lil' homies
Straight thuggin', lil' bad young motherfuckers, gotta love 'em
You could catch him in his G ride clutchin' his Glock
Screamin', "Outlaw!" (Westside motherfuckers) bustin' on my enemy's block
Educated on these cold streets
Gettin' money, makin' dummies out the police
Ain't no peace for an adolescent nigga too wild to be a thinker
Bud smokin' 24/7, everyday drinker
Got my diploma, but I never learned shit in school
Mo' money, mo' bitches, mo' murder, fool!
Always the young niggas gettin' in shit
She wouldn't stop to conversate, so you called her a bitch
Bustin' on paper thin motherfuckers
Drinkin' gin before you get to sinnin' on them busters
Emptied his clip, passed by like he didn't know me
Everybody duckin', my fuckin' lil' homies

[Chorus: 2Pac, Danny Boy, Natasha Walker]
Lil' homies on the ride, niggas gonna die tonight
(Yeah nigga)
Lets get high tonight
(My lil' homies)
Lil' homies on the mash, runnin' on these punk police
'Cause lil' niggas run these streets
Lil' homies on the ride, niggas gonna die tonight
(Yeah nigga)
Lets get high tonight
(My lil' homies)
Lil' homies on the mash, runnin' on these punk police
(Young muthafuckaz)
'Cause lil' niggas run these streets

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
I remember.. when you was just a lil’ G
Flirting with death, playin' Russian Roulette, screamin' KILL ME!
Hey there young nigga, what you smokin' on?
Mad at the world 'cause you came from a broken home
Love to squad plus your mob is sick
A bunch of adolescent niggas spittin' major shit
Tell me, young nigga if ya die let me know
Would your heart feel pain, watchin' as your mother cries?
Will all your homies ride?
Or will they all get high, and talk about how I died?
Young niggas on a mission to compete
Gettin' G’s, packin' heat, bringin' havoc to the fuckin' streets
Nobody knows why he took a fo’-fo’
And loaded up on the whole front row
Try to tell him but he act like he don’t know me
Pull out his pistol and show me, my lil’ homies

[Chorus: 2Pac, Danny Boy, Natasha Walker]
Lil' homies on the ride, niggas gonna die tonight
(Hahaha, whassup nigga? YEAH!)
Lets get high tonight
(Lil' bad ass muthafuckaz)
Lil' homies on the mash, runnin' on these punk police
(You motherfuckers know what time it is)
'Cause lil' niggas run these streets
Lil' homies on the ride, niggas gonna die tonight
(Yeah nigga)
Lets get high tonight
(Juvenile delinquent-ass motherfuckers)
Lil' homies on the mash, runnin' on these punk police
(Under eighteen.. better protect that shit!)
'Cause lil' niggas run these streets

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
"First 2 Bomb," "16 On Death Row"
Bustin' on them phony motherfuckers ‘cause the big homie said so
Niggas knew I was a nutcase, quick to blast
Livin' underage, but he'll blaze on your bitch-ass
Is there a heaven for a G?
And if it is, will I finally get to be at peace?
On these streets ain't no peace, shell-shocked souls
Makin' money off of crack sales
Young black male unable to change ‘cause it's a cycle
Plus nobody knows the evil that they might do
Lil' Moo, Big Yak, K. Kastro
Big Malc, Hussein, call 'em Outlawz
Tellin' the world to be equipped
When these young motherfuckers rip shit, they don't quit
Drew down on me, pulled a pound on me
Bust like he didn't know me; my lil' homies

[Chorus: 2Pac, Danny Boy, Natasha Walker]
Lil' homies on the ride
Niggas gonna die tonight
Let's get high tonight
Lil' homies on the mash, runnin' on these punk police
'Cause lil' niggas run these streets
Lil' homies on the ride, niggas gonna die tonight
Lets get high tonight
Lil' homies on the mash, runnin' on these punk police
'Cause lil' niggas run these streets

[Outro: 2Pac (Over Chorus)]
Whassup nigga let’s do this shit! My lil’ homies!
Lil’ bad-ass motherfuckin' adolescent niggas! My lil’ homies!
What the fuck you niggas wanna do? WHAT NIGGA? My fuckin lil’ homies
Sixteen, fifteen, thirteen, my fuckin' lil’ homies
Juvenile delinquents ready to BUST on you motherfuckers
What the fuck you niggas wanna do nigga?!
Nigga take yo’ shit off, lil’ homies!
We robbin' motherfuckers nigga, Thug Life, Outlawwwwz
Westside! Death Row nigga
You know what time it is, my lil’ homies
You know what the fuck you gotta do nigga, Outlawz nigga
My lil’ homies..
Yaki Kadafi, Hussein Fatal, Napolean, E.D.I. Amin, K. Kastro, Big Muthafuckin' Syke, Boniti, Makaveli, my fuckin' lil' homies
What the fuck you niggas wanna do nigga
Double Glocks on you bitch made niggas
I open fire on these new deadly streets nigga
Closed casket, fuck you bastards
My muthafuckin' lil' homies don’t give a fuck about none of you niggas
Fuck your families, fuck your kids nigga
My fuckin' lil' homies, fuck all ya’ll niggas, outlaw westside ridahs (My lil' homies)
Bad Boy killa, fuck all you niggas, hey LL meet my lil' homies
LL Cool J, say what nigga
(Thuglife)
I’ll rock your muthafuckin' bells, me and my muthafuckin' outlawz, my lil' homies
Who wanna get with me this old wild shit, my lil' homies
Muthafuckin' Mac-11, Mini-14s, AR-15s on you bitch made niggas
.357 six muthafuckin' times, hollow points
I’m up in this muthafucka, you niggas don’t want it, my lil' homies
Mothafuckin' police, nigga get into the car, nigga, we finna ride all these motherfuckers
They don't see these outlaw niggas
Not us! My lil' homies