[Chrous]
Hey baby, I want to let you know that I appreciate you, but I’m bad at letting it show [x2]

All I want is no more separation girl, between us. I want us closer than the snow. But in the end I just wanted to end the blow, of
Being lonely. So until then I must go

[Verse 1]
Right here 2:03 past midnight. It’s the return of the pharaoh I passed mid-flight. Abracadabra the stainless steel rings with wings I bring, zing, and swing, twist, and fling the thing. Baroque music was the question ought not to have raised, my hand, to answer something out of a daze. Donut glazed, whole milk, two cubes of ice, and call it a day. At night, my last name’s Grey

2:15, I glean at a fake diamond glean, Class of 2010 Colts, my heart bleeds. Triumphant in the blast from the seven day S.P. spree. I see no theory that can explain the brain game, to train the insane minute possibility that I am the Gucci Mane, Grand Puba, self-made entrepreneur into a life of something more. I do adore, your stare and tender touching. I’d like to let you know that baby I want your love, I need your love. I breathe about eight inches above your smile. And for a while, if I could enjoy this trial to file and sculpt, tie, reel, and clamp, with the clock saying 2:37 air smelling so, so dank

But in my mind, I find time to write this rhyme. Sublime lines of
Poetry, woe is me. Oh it’s she, the miss with the kiss of bliss
Disarming of the fist. I’ll list it straight one time, you’re my Union City Love. My Union City Love. My Union City Love

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
2:59, I try to shine through the grime. Chrome always getting dirty, but you’ve got to give it time. 3:16, now I gleam. It seems that dreams really do take flight, at the turn of the night. My sight flashes visions of right, fraught with corruption and a wicked plight. So take up your sword, take up your shield fight like you cannot be killed

3:36, now with a chorus for kicks. The smell of Vicks hits me like a ton of bricks so I snuggle up next to my miss, and whisper this: I love you like the sun, I love you like the rain, so baby take my hand and let me drive you insane

[Chorus x2]