[Intro: 2Pac & Greg Nice]
Old jealous ass motherfuckers
Yo 'Pac, baby what's up?
(They'd love to see me in my motherfuckin' casket)
What's up my nigga? Greg motherfuckin' Nice
(It ain't happenin')
That new?, yeah
(That's one of them new Ben Franklin's
You're countin' there baby 'Pac?)
We gotta get our cash man, to do it
(We gotta get that money, homeboy)
We got the West side and the East side
Oh man, this is how we do it
East West, west east to south, that's how do it
They can feel it, We're the fuckin' realest, let's do it
(Ahhhh)

[Chorus: 2Pac]
How we; Our own styles
How we; Our own styles
How we; Our own styles
Our own styles
How we; Our own styles
How we; Our own styles
How we; Our own styles
Our own styles

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Don't you love it? 2Pac free shit, that reach the public
Still I, believe my speech so deep that all my real niggas dub it
Ass naked rhymes in these cash makin' times
Got me losin' my mind inside the lines of these wicked rhymes
Label me a ghetto star, comin' up quick
Shit!, fuck what you heard, we be runnin' this shit
It's plain to see, my whole damn clique shine bright
Always knew the real niggas would end the shit when the time is right
Now East to West is irrelevant, we're doin' it worldwide
Ha ha, similar to bitches, like girls they hide
They die slow, when I ride low, bumpin' this beat
I bury, all bitch made niggas, comin' for me
I rock them to sleep, then evade the cops
I'll never go alive, 45 Blazin' shots
Still gettin' mine, livin' blind, search for salvation
Still got my guns, but I visualize One Nation
My work is done when my niggas get their cash in stacks
Get your ass on the cash checks, mash in packs
Forever ballin', the alcohol callin' me
And I still, bust on them all till they crawl to me
To all my Hip Hop junkies and my niggas in jail
When this song (HUH!) play give them Hell, my thug nation

[Hook: Greg Nice]
HUH! HUH!
Peep out how we freak our own styles
Peep out how we freak our own styles
Peep out how we freak our own styles
Peep out how we freak our own styles
Peep out how we (HUH!) freak our own styles (HUH!)
Peep out how we freak our own styles
Peep out how we (Yeah) freak our own styles
Peep out how we freak our own styles

[Verse 2: E.D.I. Amin]
Enter; make yourself welcome! 'Cause E.D.I. is hostin'
Rollin' with niggas on the mash, coast to coastin'
We don't be boastin', no high postin' is allowed
Makaveli hit us a lick and we set to make 20 thou'
But it's all gravy, baby who does this daily?
It ain't amazin', real niggas trail blazin'
Man, stays in constant flow 'cause we gots to get it y'all
Always had a passion for cash so now it's gettin' critical
Digital, display relays that on this day
The East Coast/West Coast war is now history
Feel me? then picture me rollin' with niggas from Hoboken to Oakland
Puttin' it down more potent than that shit you're smokin'
One Nation!

[Verse 3: Young Noble]
Young Noble, I'm calm and casual
Bomb like the Arabs do, the end be tragical
Televised, I'm nasty new, the revolution comin'
What you gonna be shootin' or runnin'?
My crew was trained for gunnin', soldier state your name and number
We're racin' Hummers, tryin' to catch the sunset
We lace state runners, a handful of death threats
So what's next? A war plan and a strategy
Battle me to the death, there's none left to hell with casualties
We made niggas under trainin', trained triggers for the aimin'
Jersey claimin'; ain't a damn thing changin', One Nation!

[Hook: Greg Nice]
Peep out how we freak our own styles (styles)
Peep out how we freak our own styles (styles)
Peep out how we freak our own styles (styles)
Peep out how we freak our own styles (styles)
Peep out how we freak our own styles (styles)
Peep out how we freak our own styles (styles)
Peep out how we freak our own styles
Peep out how we freak our own styles (OoohhaaaahhhHH)

Said what? - said what?

[Verse 4: Greg Nice]
I been rockin' mics since Sergio Valenti
Down for my people just like Kunta Kinte
Got more Boricua mommies than Tito Puente
My man 2Pac picked me up in the Bentley
You come from the East, come to speak peace
Come from the West, bring the Buddha bless
Come from the East, come to speak peace
Come from the West, bring the Buddha bless
It ain't no motherfuckin' hair off my chest
Time is hard, I rock a bullet proof vest
Met so many yes men, so many yes
They try to gas my head like Hess
The heavenly father put me to the test
Divide and conquer what I do best
Ain't nothin' to it but alleviate stress

[Hook: Greg Nice]
Peep out how we freak our own styles (styles)
Peep out how we freak our own styles (styles)
Peep out how we freak our own styles (styles)
Peep out how we freak our own styles (styles)
Peep out how we freak our own styles (styles)

[Outro: 2Pac & Greg Nice]
Ha ha ha ha shit, was it ever a war?
(Oh! man yo 'Pac, this is all lovely baby)
Only in your minds (Yeah nigga)
Today we sign the treaty EAST SIDE / WEST SIDE
All the real niggas ride, to pay these motherfuckers (WE RIDE NIGGA),  (World Wide)
Nobody tryin' to be clashin' and shit
Motherfuckers tryin' to get their cash
That's why we mash in this bitch (Greg Nice, 2Pac and Tha Outlawz)
So I'ma just ride out on this motherfucker
Let my Oakland peeps let you bitch made niggas know how we roll
(Baby Jesus and them Allstars, you know how we doin' it (BIATCH!!)