DJ Unknown & DJ Mekalek ft. Abnormal, L.I.F.E. Long, Orko the Sycotik Alien, and Percee P - “Masterpiece”
[Emcee(s): Abnormal, L.I.F.E. Long, Orko the Sycotik Alien (AKA Orko Eloheim), and Percee P]
[Producer(s): [?]]
[DJ Mix: DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]
[Scratches: DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]

[Intro: Abnormal]
Haha

[Verse 1: Abnormal]
Through the tinted glass, I’ll detect the napalm gas
From the cataclysmic havoc of the A-bomb blast
I’ll debate on what task I should take on last
Put a biological bullet in Shayṭān’s ass, and since
My state of mind’s passed off subliminal forces
Hallucigenic visions, distortions that’s riding on horses
Call me Salvador D-alí, Surrealistic
Lyricist.  My genetics got infinite poetic energy
Easily transform kinetic equations
That’s embedded inside The Matrix of the space and time equations
Sipping the mercury out of a thermometer vial
Bombing your style while serving down the Andromeda’s Nile

[Verse 2: L.I.F.E. Long]
Teleported through radio beams of L.I.F.E., soaring with the speed
Of outflight through the skies of our afterlife.  This guy writing the word
L.I.F.E. in Krylon.  I’ll rhyme on a perplexed plane
And confuse brains, plus puncture pressure points and leave these punks.  Decap-
-itators in the game ‘cause too many A-Alikes be alike like same
With similar concepts that don’t entertain.  I’m fed up with these
Copycats with different names.  That’s why I utilize my own brain
And formulate arsenic concepts, spark the flame (No doubt)
I’ll swallow petroleum gases and spit out poetical butane on these
Immature amateurs.  In this game, I’m a carnivore
Who picks apart at the bodies of competitors, eat their flesh
And leave their carcasses to rot by the shores

[Verse 3: Orko the Sycotik Alien (AKA Orko Eloheim)]
I’m on a mission.  What?  Fleeing, but niggas stop while
Siberian Special Forces are tracking my mobile auto from the
Big Apple to the sands of Venice.  The chase
Is relentless for hip hop’s apprentice, to hand me down in their sentence
Some shit like Double-O-7 disguised as a reverend
Pulling out Smith & Wessons for brothers testing, giving them
Final confessions off vinyl lessons, send ‘em back to the
Drawing board, sketching ‘cause these chumps thought they were repping
Ayyo, my brain rest in scientific liquid like hydroponic
A mass of brainwaves just like Johnny Mnemonic
Espionage, sabotage “Shut Me Down” just like Onyx
Plus I heard them spilling their beans when they’re drunk off the toxic
Spy versus spy, you versus I, Final Frontier this Western
Hemisphere.  Representative is here—send him home
As a souvenir for you and your peers for even trying to
Step near the river people, brother.  It’s crystal-clear

[Verse 4: Percee P]
We choked
A cat—no potent rap skills or smoking tracks.  You would know
By not coping that you realized you put on, but just a token black
Blind your face like some kind of mace.  Your mind’s a waste.  I’m trying
To trace every line that’s laced with some shit from another time or space
I’m still a man.  One milligram of P’ll kill
The fans when I’ll build a plan for thousands and fill the stands
Crush Apollo, tip our rhymes up, bust a hollow.  Mush
You’ll follow ‘cause they’ll breed champs like Cus D’Amato
Fans quote, leave mic stands broke.  This jam’s dope, make every
Man choke, affecting their lungs like secondhand smoke
Men, I’ll bomb ya, please, from up in the trees
I’ll freeze, then seize ya with a tighter squeeze than anaconda
Son, crushed your crew.  You’ll be cursed.  Biting from
Perc’, heads’ll burst.  Every verse combustible
It’s like this and like that, y’all.  Black
We’re back to smack these wack new jacks who rap, y’all