[Intro: Akon (T.I.)]
When they tell you that you'll never get over (ha ha ha)
Just tell 'em they're number one (el capitan partner)
You're a champion (yeah, the Ali of my day, you know me)
Don't believe 'em when they try to say it's over!
(I can't hear ya, I'm way up here, what you say?)
Just tell 'em they're number one (it's over for who, numero uno partner)
You're a champion (ha ha ha, let's go Bust!)

[Verse One: Busta Rhymes]
Now, there's, nothing you can do to stop a nigga from within
With the hunger of a lion I secure another win (hey!)
So passionate, you might even misinterpret it as arrogant
I'm going in (hey!)
I'mma make the world feel my pain
While I'm showing you my muscle and I hustle through the game
And even though they leave us in the hood like we ain't SHIT
We ain't got nothing but everything to gain
Look, even if a motherfucker try to pop me
I'm so blessed - do anything that you could do to stop me (Stop me)
Now I'm climbing up the ladder and I'm jumping at the top
You might wanna call me - Rocky
See there's more of us - Ugly
You don't really wanna war with us - Trust me
So glorious, that we from the bottom
Still we victorious - Hug me

[Hook: Akon (Busta Rhymes)]
I see it in your eyes, it ain't hard to tell
They're watching you (can't nobody ever stop what I'm doing)
They just telling you lies, they want you to fail
They're plotting on you (and they can never stop my movement!)
So, don't believe 'em when they try to say it's over
(You know exactly what to tell 'em!)
Just tell 'em they're number one (number one)
You're a champion!

[Verse 2: T.I.]
Hey, see the websites lying trying to block my shine
Don't you know you never will stop my grind?
In a drop-top flying like I don't got time
Got everybody surprised that I won't drop dimes
What's on yo' mind? Best get me off it
At least quit lying if you must keep talking
Go on with the nonsense, best keep walking
Boy how you sue us, send the lawyers to the office
A lot of y'all got sprung like that shorty
Couple months off, I'll be right back shorty
With a brand new swag and a brand new .40
And a brand new ride, give a damn who saw it
Nation-wide news, nigga yeah you saw it
Shorty need a bodyguard for his bodyguard, don't he?
Tip falling off sound kinda odd, don't it?
Y'all hate to see me ball? Take it up with God homie

[Hook: Akon]

[Verse 3: Busta Rhymes]
Any situation where you might get fed up
Gotta stay focused, homie keep your head up
It don't really matter what the next one is doing
Homie gotta handle your business and then you better step up
Live to the fullest for the dream you're pursuing
Ain't nothing in the work gon' really stop what you're doing (Oh!)
Go hard no matter what they be saying
Nigga don't quit cause you know we gotta keep it moving (Oh!)
Take a look and see yourself in me
Cause it's all about we (We)
Me and you securing a win together
So we could be the best that we could ever be (Oh!)
Stay up on your grind, be the first one to - Set it
People try to shut me down, I won't - Let it
I'm so stubborn for the success
You know my motto, don't stop, get it, get it!

[Hook: Akon]

[Akon]
Tell 'em they're number one [repeat to fade]