(Ft. Jadakiss, Mook & Shella)
I'm fresh, dressed like a million bucks
With the pocket full of money and I'm ready to cut
While shawty looking at me like she ready to lust
I got a king size waterbed on my tourbus
So let's start it up, so let's start it up
So let's start it up, so let's start it up
And get freaky, freaky, yeah yeah yeah yeah
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah ...
Hey look models on deck, bottles on deck
Next years benz, she accept nothing less
I'm in the ass, caught in the ..
We're on the phone argueing which one is the best
... with the fact I was like nothing when I stepped
Custom cut Adelinni suit double breast
I'm a gangsta but still going on when I dress
Tour-bus,ten broads on the set, yea, i pick 2 and let the mob get the rest
Ain't no confusion because they all wanna sex
After i switch beating one its on to the next

Chorus:
I'm fresh, dressed like a million bucks
With the pocket full of money and I'm ready to cut
While shawty looking at me like she ready to lust
I got a king size waterbed on my tourbus
So let's start it up, so let's start it up
So let's start it up, so let's start it up
And get freaky, freaky, yeah yeah yeah yeah
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah ...
Ey yo its raspy, yeah I put it down with the locks
Im fresh nigga LV down to the socks the old joint
17 rounds in the Glock, my garage is like walking around on a lot
Don't you ... whole lot of stars in the spot
Honey's everywhere .. Minaj in the ..
Nobody going home on this patron ...
Plus we got zone in the ..
The finest fashion, fat ass, is designed the glasses
..nice lashes ... I put it on the California ...

[Chorus:]
Always .. to compete me up, I'm driven
I'll be in the .. new whips like the driven
Though low, they know my best friend is a diamond
Never a full for love no ...
Just right when I step on the scene
See dudes that ride dirty but they all clean
VIP with the teen that we ...that's what they call me
... cause he look like he ..
I'm fresh stay dressed with the best make a guess
What's next ohh

[Chorus:]
Thanks to greta