[Intro: Akon]
This an invasion

[Intro]
Yeah Niggas!
This is an invasion!
Hood Rules Apply Volume 2, and we invading this bitch!
This is not just mixtapes, this a motherfucking movement!
(I think I got that on on this one, hahaha.)

[Verse 1: Akon]
This goes out to them clowns
Talk about they got the block locked down
Sewing up the compound
Only if you knew how my squad get down
Think you met a bad man walking
You ain't met a bad man 'till you walked up on me
Hit you with the Glock two times
Fucking up my shoe shine once you drop down
See, niggas ain't got no dough
Fakin' like they wanna be loco
I see you jacking my jewels
I ain't the one you wanna stand next to

[Hook: Akon]
Think you met a bad man walkin'
You ain't met a bad man 'till you walked up on me
This an invasion
Don't give a fuck, black, red, caucasian

[Verse 2: Team Invasion Member]
Yo, yo, yo
Between you and I
Here's the truth; no lie
You gon' die for the fact that hood rules apply
I hold my ruger high
Before I shoot the sky
Shoot your alla(?), shoot your father
Haze got me super high
My team moving pies
My team move and rise
Clutching them 45's
Fuck with us it's suicide
And you can crucify. (bad nigga)
Green got us flying G4's
Commercial's how we used to fly
I dare you to try
And test the evil genius (yeah)
We got a crew and I, we a bunch of trigger squeezers (Invasion)
They call us nigga bleeders, we make niggas bleed
We can't get at you, shit we kidnap your seed
And that's the hood rules
So beef in your streets with my heat
Ain't no telling what I could do
Who write the crook rules?
This is for the mixtape niggas in the streets making shook moves

[Verse 3: Akon]
I ain't gon' tell you no lie
See them hood rules do apply
If you choose not to abide
Guarantee you will see a grown man cry
Think you met a bad man walking
You ain't met a bad man 'till you walked up on me
Think you been slidin', bring more grief than the nigga Bin Laden. (Invasion!)
Cause we on the block all day
Some cook, some moving that Yay
Gotta get that pay, stick up kids trying to stomp that brake
Think you seen a bad man walking
You ain't met a bad man 'till you walked up on me
Keep a double deuce on hand
You don't lose that dance (?)
Keep it under that sandal

[Verse 4: Team Invasion Member]
I got my nose in the hood like coke on the table
Go against my rule, get a slug in your naval
Even my brother can get it too, like Cain and Abel
Times are hard and the rent's still due
So by any means nigga, your ass is expendable
Hoes ain't a friend to me, they just my enemies
I only got love for dollar bills and Hennessy
Most niggas ain't worthy of a slug or a knife
So I pistol whip them to induce blunt trauma
With the chrome llama. I learned a lot from them old-timers
The game of life is more like blood sport
That's why a lot of niggas done died on the court
Rule 73: Keep your gun oiled and clean
Just to be the last man standing at the crime scene:
Heart beatin' crazy, cold sweatin', cause you made it
Now make ya escape with the toast and the cake

[Hook]