[Intro: Akon] + (India.Arie)
Konvict {*echoes*} (Dat dada dat da)
(Dat dada dat da, dat dada dat da)
(Dat dada dat da, dada ooh)
Konvict Music, uh-huh

[Verse 1: Akon]
See I can kinda recall little ways back
Small tryin' to bawl; always been black
And my hair I tried it all - I even went flat
Had a gumdee curly top and all that crap, now
Tryin' to be appreciated
Nappy headed brothers never had no ladies
Then I hit by the barber shop real quick
Had em give me little twist and it drove them crazy
And then I couldn't get no job
Cause corporate wouldn't hire no dreadlocks
Then I thought about my dogs on the block
Kinda understand why they chose a steal and rob
Was it the hair that got me this far? (uh-huh)
All these girls these cribs these cars (uh-huh)
I Hate to say it but it seem so flawed
Cause success didn't come 'til I cut it all off (uh-huh)

[Verse 2: India Arie]
Little girl with the press and curl
Age eight I got a Jheri curl
Thirteen then I got a relaxer
I was a source of so much laughter
Fifteen when it all broke off
Eighteen and then I went all natural
February two thousand and two I
Went on and did what I had to do
Cause it was time to change my life
To become the women that I am inside
Ninety-seven dreadlocks all gone
Looked in the mirror for the first time and saw that
Hey...

[Chorus: India.Arie]
I am not my hair, I am not this skin
I am not your ex-pec-tations no no
I am not my hair, I am not this skin
I am the soul that lives within

[Verse 3: India Arie]
Good hair means curls and waves
Bad hair means you look like a slave
At the turn of the century
It's time for us to redefine who we be;
You can shave it off like a South African beauty
Or get in on lock Like Bob Marley;
You can rock it straight like Oprah Winfrey -
If its not what's on your head
It's what's underneath and say
Hey....

[Chorus]
I am not my hair, I am not this skin
I am not your expectations no
I am not my hair, I am not this skin
I am a soul that lives within

[Verse 4: Akon]
Who cares if you don't like that
With nothin' to lose post it with a wave cap
And the cops tryin' to harass cause I got waves
Ain't seen nothin' like that, not in my days (noo...)
Man, you gotta change all these feeling's
Steady judging one another by their appearance
Yes, India I feel ya girl
Now go ahead talk the rest of the world

[Bridge: India Arie]
(Oh, oh, oh) Does the way I wear my hair make me a better person?
(Whoa, whoa, whoa) Does the way I wear my hair make me a better friend? (Nooo...)
(Whoa, whoa, whoa) Does the way I wear my hair determine my integrity?
(Whoa, whoa, whoa) I am expressing my creativity...

[Verse 5: India Arie]
Breast cancer and chemotherapy
Took away her crown and glory
She promised God if she was to survive
She would enjoy everyday of her life ooh...
On national television
Her diamond eyes are sparkling
Bald headed like a full moon shining
Singing out to the whole wide world like
Hey...

[Chorus]
I am not my hair, I am not this skin
I am not your expectations no
I am not my hair, I am not this skin
I am a soul that lives within

[Outro]
I am not my hair, I am not this skin
I am not your expectations no
I am not my hair, I am not this skin
I am a soul that lives within