[Intro: Akon (Kardinal Offishall)]
Akon and...
(Cho! Must be Kardinal)
(J.A.) yea! (T Dot) oh! (New York) yea! (Puerto Rico) oh!
(England) yea! (Germany) oh! (All dem Japanese then too, cho!)

[Verse 1: Kardinal Offishall]
Ayo! B-Boy stance in the dance so we sa-y (Uh-huh)
Mr. Kardinal don't know or don't pl-ay (Uh-huh)
Hafta bust a nut every d-ay (Uh-huh)
We don't mix up wit no faggot or ga-y (Let's go!)
Bust two shots in the air ok-ay
Bun up everything from here to Mo B-ay
Cool yuh perform nuh bodda wit di lay l-ay
Bun up di whole T Dot inna di pl-ace
Still wit di girls better watch your f-ace (Uh-huh)
Gal steppin' out we have to deal wit di ca-se (Uh-huh)
Bad boy Kardi now front of di ra-ce (Uh-huh)
Love all mi gals in the black la-ce
This just a small thing one little ta-ste
Take a little sample no time to wa-ste
Mix up the treble and turn up the b-ass
Mister celebrity face let's go!

[Chorus: Akon (Kardinal Offishall)]
We killed the dance again
Mash up the place and it's a memory
Control the spot like some big time bad boy
(T Dot! Black chains!)
Ohhhhhhhh hey!

[Verse 2: Akon]
Represent Konvict Muzik
Akon (Who dat?) A.K
Recognize boy we don't play
Do it like this each and every day (Uh-huh)
So please stay in your place
Hate to find you with no face
Better yet gone with no trace
In other words please don't start no beef
Now sip on your Chardonnay
Get the girls tipsy and fade away
I can tell that you wanna play
It's written all over your face
From here it's back to the block (Uh-huh)
Hopefully not back to the Glock (Uh-huh)
Gotta make up for one that you copped
But don't get popped by them crooked-ass cops (noo)

[Chorus: Akon (Kardinal Offishall)]
We killed the dance again (Black chains!)
Mash up the place and it's a memory (Black chains!)
Control the spot like some big time bad boy (C'mon you don't know already okay?)
Ohhhhhhhh hey!

[Verse 3: Kardinal Offishall)
Hey yo light up the place when the whole place sh-ine
Let me somethin' girl (Whine girl whine)
Look you're own gal nobody touch m-ine
Everybody show me a sign
Are you a Scorpio? (No) Taurus? (Yea)
Middle finger up real high in the air
Look at your gal like you just don't care
Brush dat boy if he can't stop stare
Throw out your Pumas or your Nike Air
It's not really my business what you wear
Show me your cellular mi know dat you're bare
Whether your G-string or your skin bare
Eat up your heart and come follow m-e
Mr. Kardinal in the place to b-e
Hair stay nice and your part cool-ie
Huh, bust di dance and let me s-ee, Kardi

[Chorus: Akon]
We killed the dance again
Mash up the place and it's a memory
Control the spot like some big time bad boy (C'mon you don't know already okay?)
Ohhhhhhhh hey!

We killed the dance again
Mash up the place and it's a memory
Control the spot like some big time bad boy