[INTRO: Akon Talking]

Yo. In case you ain't know, I go by the name of Akon...and I'm from (Africa! Africa!)
Home of the Goree Islands - I'm from Senegal, West-side (Africa! Africa!)
So I'mma share with you where I'm from and how I was comin' up (Africa! Africa!)

[Verse 1]

So what you know about the struggles that my people went through so you can live the way you live now
So what you know about seeing that brand new mother givin away her newborn child
So what you know about Mr.Amadou diallo, a Senegalese, cops shot down
So what you know about how people love to perceive us when we come into a brand new town
So what you know about the Goree Island, where all the slaves were shipped from
So what you know about being born in America to avoid immigration

[Hook]

Still from the ghetto ooohh of Senegal (Africa!Africa!)
Comin' from the ghetto ooohh of Senegal (Africa! Africa!)
Comin' from the ghetto ooohh of Senegal (Africa! Africa!)
Yes, I'm comin' from the ghetto ooohh of Senegal (Africa! Africa!)

[Verse 2]

So what you know about Thiéboudieune, Yassa, Thiéré and Maafé, my favourite foods
So what you know about niggas throwin rocks, bustin' shots at the military invadin my hood
So what you know about kids with automatic machines waiting for the war to get on that side
So what you know about how God comes first in our lives, everything that we do is for Allah
So what you know about that Holy place called Touba where Prophets were born
So what you know about comin here, gettin money and investing it back home

[Hook]

Right in the ghetto oooo of Senagal (Africa! Africa!)
Give it to the ghetto oooo of Senegal (Africa! Africa!)
Take it to the ghetto oooo of Senegal (Africa! Africa!)
Send it right to the ghetto ooo of Senegal (Africa! Africa!)

[OUTRO: Akon Talking]

Now see that's just a little piece of how it is (Africa! Africa!)
See, but we can come together and make it 'lot better back home (Af-ree-caa! Africa!)
So don't complain about how they treating you here, take your millions of dollars there, back to (Africa! Africa!)
We own that land, we own those diamonds, (Africa! Africa!)
We kings man, we dont take orders, we give em
Think about it