[Intro: Nasty Nem]
NASTY... Uhh Huh!
Lets get it, from the Yay to Chiraq!

[Verse 1: Nasty Nem]
I'm a show stoppin', ho knockin'
Four poppin', hydro coppin'
Straight dough swappin, slow noddin'
Always under po-po dodgin, flow choppin'
Road-blockin', stone cold but I'm no Austin!
I'm from the Bay where life's cheap
They bidding on you with no auction!
I'm so clean I need no moppin'
20 deep with my folks mobbin'
Guaranteed all my shows rockin'
Her panties wet when we go shoppin!
Affiliated with the money team
We got big rings nigga no boxin'
Yo baby momma get kidnapped for that ransom money
Ain't no option, I slang with metal Magneto!
I'm a war machine like Don Cheadle
And they be catchin' everything I'm throwin' at em' Tim Tebow!
They'll find your body with Nemo, hottest in the Bay
Okay we know, it's Nasty ass Nemesis with Montana of three-zero
Matter fact just add one more zero, I hate a nigga that freeload
Strong armed robbery, nigga don't be no hero
Oh your video is on VEVO, but your video views should say zero!
You'll get shot on the way to your own funeral like Benzino!
Don't let your body get repo'd, big ups to Diddy and Rebo
Play with me all you gon' see big flashy lights just like Reno
Don't look to hard at my people cuz my people shootin' through peep-holes
I love my nina so much, that you would think I'm so emo
I'm never goin' too deep bro, Nasty Nem I'm all about C-notes
No essays, no paragraphs, boy murda' murda' all she wrote
Wait hold up Childish Gambino you try us and all you gon' see smoke!
And when we come around your block, just tuck your chain like I'm Debo!

[Verse 2: Montana of 300]
Rap god bitch come pray to me, better watch what you say to me
I'm not Lebron I stay with heat, Broski gon' shoot like Ray with me
Got hitters in Peoria, even more off in Kankakee
Pussy niggas don't play with me, put a end to they bravery
Kick his door soon as they asleep, take em out like they datin' me
You can look at my face and see, nigga it ain't no fake in me
The last nigga to beef with me, to say the least bitch they deceased
I set it off so niggas know I fuckin' Will no Jada Pinkett
I send these bullets at you broad day, they on you like Baby D
Shout out to big homie for introducing José to me
It's FGE we ballin' my nigga we who they pay to see
We caked up like the bakery, I should start my own agency
No Meek Mill I don't pop willies, I don't pop mollies, I pop niggas
Bitch it's Montana I'm a hot nigga, like record labels I drop niggas
Yo main bitch, leave my cock in her, pussy so wet need a mop in her
And it's DTA keep a Glock wit' em, gotta watch niggas and he stop bitches
If they actin up, I'ma cop him up, take him out the picture I crop niggas
If my niggas snitchin, then that make him guilty by association I'm a cop killa
Doin hits Big Bambino, then I'm walkin' off like Kemo, yeah I wet him up
And that's exactly how they gonna find his ass like Nemo!
Leave his body cold sub-zero, now put him six feet below!
Funeral line while his momma cryin' any nigga tryin is gonna' be mo', SQUAD!