Yo, I came home from work the other day
I was tired, I just wanted to sit back in my big chair
And play a little a Xbox
You know, relax a little
Then my wife comes in, she start telling me I play too much Xbox
I said "What the fuck do you mean?
This is just how I relax
Can't I just play a little Xbox?"
Then she says "I saw on Oprah today that guys that play video games don't love their wives"
I'm like, "Motherfucking bitch, fuck Oprah! I don't give a fuck, I just wanna play my video game!
I don't give a fuck about Oprah, Oprah ain't got no man
You better worry about your motherfucking self
I just wanna kill some motherfuckers on Xbox"
She says: "You seem like you have a anger problem, maybe you need some help"
I'm like, "Bitch! Call the police now!"

Gonna be institutionalized
You'll come out brainwashed with bloodshot eyes
You won't have anything to say
They'll brainwash you until you see their way
I'm not crazy, institution
You're the one who's crazy, institution
You're driving me crazy, institution
They put me in a institution said it was the only solution
To give me the professional help to save me from the enemy, myself

The other day I go on the Internet, I'm just trying to check my email
So I put in my password, it says I have an invalid password
I know my fucking password
So then it says "go to customer service"
So I get on customer service, I start talking to this dude
This motherfucker sounds like he was from India or some shit
He says to me, "What's your first dog's name?"
I don't know what my fucking first dog's name was
What the fuck's the matter with you?
I just want my password, give me my fucking password!
So then he ends up giving me my password
And he says, "Your password has been sent to your email address"
I'm like, "I can't get in my email address
What about 'can't get in my email address'
Do you not understand, motherfucker?
He says, "Oh my God, it seems like you have an anger problem
You should have that checked out"
Aaaahh!

I'm not crazy, institution
You're the one who's crazy, institution
You're driving me crazy, institution
They put me in a institution said it was the only solution
To give me the professional help to save me from the enemy, myself

The other day I'm just sitting alone
On lunch break at my job
Trying to eat a ham sandwich
Got a little potato chips on the side, a little Kool-Aid
This motherfucker walks up to me and says
"Are you gonna eat that?"
Like, "Yeah I'm gonna eat that
What the fuck you think I'm gonna do
Shove it up your ass?
"Do you understand that that pork can kill you?"
"Look, motherfucker, pork is not gonna kill me
Unless they figure a way to shoot it out with a fucking gun
But I might kill you if you keep fucking with me!"
He says, "Hey, calm down, I'm a vegan"
Fuck, a vegan!
I couldn't give a fuck if you eat sawdust, motherfucker
Just step away from my fucking sandwich!
He says, "Do you realize how much sugar is in that Kool-Aid?"
I said, "Do you realize how much blood is in the human body?
Do you wanna see it, motherfucker?"
He says, "Oh my God, you need therapy
You have an anger problem."
Aaaaahhh!

I'm not crazy, institution
You're the one who's crazy, institution
You're driving me crazy, institution
They pull me in a institution said it was the only solution
To give me the professional help to save me from the enemy, myself

Suicidal