A man took an ad on T.V
To enroll in the police academy
He's very talented, outstanding proof
From his clean-cut apperance to the shine on his boots
When it comes to graduation, he's number one
An expert with a rifle and also a gun
Three weeks on the beat and his weak nerves crack
And fires four warning shots into a kid's back

Killers! These are the killers
Killers! The coldhearted killers
Killers! Bloodthirsty killers
Killers! Beware of the killers

A young girl marries an older man
With more money than you can understand
He smothers her with pearls and jewelry
And they both seemed as happy as they could be
But three months later, she's sad but content
Seems he had an unexpected accident
The girl said he would be hard to forget
As the papers interviewed her while she flew his jet

Killers! These are the killers
Killers! She was the killer
Killers! The coldhearted killers
Killers! Beware of the killers

It's time for all to work together for peace
Cause everybody's doomed if the killings don't cease
Street homicide, war, it's all the same
Cause murder is murder by any name

An young man loses his only job
Too proud to hustle, too honest to rob
He goes to tell his family and his wife
But an argument breaks out, she grabs a knife
Tempers escalate to a total rage
Shots burst out from a loaded twelve-gauge
They call it mass murder, suicide
But somebody tell me why the kids had to die

Killers! these are the killers
Killers! the coldhearted killers
Killers! bloodthirsty killers
Killers! beware of the killers

Vietnam vet, home from the war
Can't get a job in a candy store
Unemployment hurts and he's living proof
So to take out his frustration, he climbs on the roof
He shows no pity as victims are shot
The only thing to stop him are the bullets from SWAT
Ten people died on a sunny day
But tell me who taught him how to shoot that way?

Killers! These are the killers
Killers! You know the killers
Killers! Beware of the killers
Killers! Are you a killer?

It's time for all to work together for peace
Cause everybody's doomed if the killings don't cease
Street homicide, war, it's all the same
Cause murder is murder by any name

A known criminal is sentenced to death
Now the legal system controls his last breath
He tries to fight execution with petitions and pleas
And a pardon from the governor is all he needs
He cries out for mercy but nothing's spared
And on his day of termination, he's strapped in a chair
High voltage fills his body in a house-like jail
And all of the people of vengeance grail

Are you a killer? a cold-hearted killer
A killer! a bloodthirsty killer
A killer! a merciless killer
A killer! a killer!  A killer!

Georgie-Porgie-Pudding-and-pie
Couldn't get a girl, let me tell you all why
He tried to be down like all the rest
Had grills in his hair, gold on his chest
He rolled around town in a Coup-de-ville
But he had no money, he was broke as hell
Ladies love money and he needed more
So he tried to steal something out a liquor store
But before Georgie-Porgie could get away
The man pulled out his gun and blew him away

He was a killer! A coldhearted killer
A killer! Are you a killer?
A killer! A merciless killer
A killer! Beware of the killers

It's time for all to work together for peace
Cause everybody's doomed if the killings don't cease
Street homicide, war, it's all the same
Cause murder is murder by any name

Politicians plot for power each and every day
We are all just puppets in the games they play
They manipulate the message to attain their goals
And for simple re-election they will sell their souls
Nuclear supremacy is the ultimate thrill
So our tax we pay is paid for overkill
B-1 bombers, ..................... up to the skies
While we all pray to God the missiles never fly

Killers! These are the killers
Killers! They are the killers
Killers! Are you a killer?
Killers! Don't be a killer

It's time for all to work together for peace
Cause everybody's doomed if the killings don't cease
Street homicide, war, it's all the same
Cause murder is murder by any name