[Spoken]
Aw yeah, what's up out there? BC's in the house. Right about now, I'm gonna tell you a little love story, you know what I'm sayin'? This is a Body Count love story.  Check out the lyrics, you know. I'm a tell you 'bout what happened when we went down south last year on tour

[Verse 1]
Out on tour yo, I been all around the world
Went to Georgia, met this fine-ass white girl
Blonde hair, blue eyes, big tits and thighs
The kinda girl that would knock out most guys
She got wild in the backstage bathroom
Sucked my dick like a motherfucking vacuum
Said I love you, but my daddy don't play
He's the fucking Grand Wizard of the KKK

[Hook]
I love my KKK bitch, I love it when she sucks me though
I love my KKK bitch, I love it when she fucks me though
I love my KKK bitch, she loves it when I treat her bad
I love my KKK bitch, motherfuck her dear old dad

[Spoken]
You know what I'm sayin'? So we was down south fallin' in love, you know. D-Roc had this Nazi girl. My man Mooseman had a skinhead. I fell in love with Tipper Gore's two twelve year old nieces. It was wild, you know what I'm sayin'? It got even worse, you know

[Verse 2]
So, one night, they took us to a meeting
White sheets, white hoods, no room for seating
There was skinheads, Nazis, and crazies
Talkin' 'bout black people pushin' up daisies
They hated blacks, Jews, Puerto Ricans
Mexicans, Chinese, even the Indians
We had our hoods on, we were slick
She pushed her butt up hard against my dick
Then her daddy jumped on the stage
Talkin' 'bout killin' in a goddamn rage
I got mad, my dick got hard
Entered in her ass, she said, "Oh, my God!"

[Hook]

[Spoken]
So what we really tryin' to say is Body Count loves everybody. We love Mexican girls, black girls, Oriental girls, it really don't matter. If you from Mars, and you got a pussy, we will fuck you. You know, that's all we're sayin'. Word

[Verse 3]
So, every year, when Body Count comes around
We throw an orgy in every little southern town
KKKs, skinheads, and Nazis
Girls break their necks to get to the party
It ain't like their men can't nut
Their dick's too little and they just can't fuck
So we get buck wild with the white freaks
We show them how to really work the white sheets
I know her daddy'll really be after me
When his grandson's named Little Ice-T

[Hook]