No, no, no, Mommaaaaa...

All my life I loved this girl so much
All my life I loved her simple touch
She cared for me and put me on this earth
Oh the pain of just a simple birth
But now I find that she has left me dumb and blind
Poisoned, twisted, and destroyed my mind
She taught me things that simply were not true
She taught me hate for race
That's why I hate you!
There's only one way I can make it right
Momma's gotta die tonight
There's only one way I can make it right
Momma's gotta die tonight

Momma, momma, I always loved my momma
I always loved my momma
I loved the say she hold me
I love the way she talked to me
She used to teach me a lot of things
She taught me good things, she taught me bad things
"Don't trust white people, don't trust white people
Don't trust white people, they're no good, they're no good
They're no good, they're no good
They're just gonna rip you off, they're just gonna rip you off
Don't trust 'em, don't trust 'em."
I said, "Why momma?", she said, "I told you don't
Trust 'em they're no good."
I said, "Momma, I thought we were all the same momma
Why momma?" She said, "Don't ask me any questions
Don't you challenge your mother." Momma

So one day I found I fell in love
And I brought my girlfriend home
And I introduced her to my mother and
She smacked me, was a white girl and
I said, "Why momma? Why momma? What did I do wrong?"
You know, I found out my mother was a evil woman
She hated Puerto Ricans, Mexicans, Jamaicans
Indians, Orientals, momma was no good
I learned to hate my mother, hate my mother
So I got some, ha ha, some lighter fluid, from the corner store
And I put it around her bed, and I set her on fire!
Ha, ha, ha
Burn momma, burn momma, burn momma, burn bitch
Burn, burn, burrrrrn. Ha, ha, ha. Burn you racist bitch!
Ha, ha, ha
But she wasn't quite dead. She jumped up from the bed
And I grabbed my Louisville Slugger that she had bought
Me for my twelfth birthday and I came up behind her and
I hit her, I hit her, I hit her twice. Ha, ha, ha
Now she was out
I went into the kitchen
And I got that handy carving knife
That we only use on special occasions like
Bullshit Thanksgiving, and I took her and I laid her ol'
Fucked up corpse on the floor and I cut her in
Little bitty pieces. Cut off her arms, her feet
Her neck, and I put her into little green hefty bags
And I put it into my car and I said, "Momma, we're goin' on
A vacation, a permanent vacation bitch."
I took some of her around the world to Arizona, New York
Chicago, Atlanta, Miami, Oakland. Ha, ha, ha, yo, you
Wanna go to Connecticut, bitch. Ohio, Detroit, Texas, L.A
Whose laughin' now momma, whose laughin' now bitch
Whose laughin' now
Ha, ha, ha, ha

So if you got a mother or a grandmother or a father
Who wants to carry on the same racist bullshit that's
Fucked this world up from day one
You can either look 'em in the face and tell 'em to
Suck your dick or do like Body Count does

All my life I loved this girl so much
All my life I loved her simple touch
She cared for me and put me on this earth
Oh the pain of just a simple birth
Right now I find that she has left me dumb and blind
Poisoned, twisted, and destroyed my mind
She taught me things that simply were not true
She taught me hate for race
That's why I hate you!
There's only one way I can make it right
Momma's gotta die tonight
There's only one way I can make it right
Momma's gotta die tonight