[RONNIE RADKE]:

You guys didn't think I was gonna say something, did you?
Well guess what... Haha...
I'm about to expose you punk motherfuckers right now
Sumerian Records, I See Stars and Lorenzo The Main Event, you punk pussy!

Motherfucking I See Stars? More like I Wash Cars
Cause I'm about to end your career in just 16 bars
Actually you never had a fucking band from the start
So it's kind of hard to start something that never had heart
You fucking fake phonies popping slander off my name
Trying to make my fans believe all the lies you claim
I never stole a dime from you that's the goddamn truth
You guys dropped off the tour cause your plan fell through
Yeah deny it motherfuckers but I got proof
You fucking punk pussies forgot about the emails you slew at me
Haphazardly asking for a second chance
But actually secretly planning to have fans come to the shows chanting

I Wash Cars! I Wash Cars!
You've been a band four years but have not gotten far
Maybe I can help you sell records for a bit
You guys talk a lot of crap but you haven't done shit

CHORUS:

So you can talk all the shit you want but it's never gonna take away
How shitty of a band you are and your record label feels the same
You can tell everyone I'm bad and I won't try to explain
So all I know is that your band sucks cause you're a Digital Renegade
Re-Re-Renegade, you're a Digital Renegade
Re-Re-Renegade, you're a digital bunch of gays

[B. LAY]:

Ronnie has armed me, my army's behind me
And honestly, The Main Event, who's backing Sumerian
Who's acting a little black, saying "nig" a little bit
At the end of this little track, I'm a end it a little bad
You ignorant little man, I'm a savage in this rap
You're Italian? You Black? You wrestle!
The fact is, you lack the backbone to meet Radke in the back of his bus

[RONNIE RADKE]:
Now you trying to get buzz off the back of my luck

[B. LAY]:
Well I'm Black in the back of the bus
Waiting to smack a fake thug who's thinking he's tough
Cause his momma didn't give him enough love, or back rubs
I'll raise Hell above, I never gave a fuck

CHORUS

[RONNIE RADKE]:

And Lorenzo you're a bitch
You can suck my dick
Threaten me on YouTube?
Mr. Main Event

Hold up, hold up
[Mocking Lorenzo]:
"Bada-bing, bada-boom, I tell it like it is
I'm a scary mothafucka!
I go on YouTube and threaten people
I'm so hopped up on these steroids
My I See Stars shirt don't fit!
I love penis!"

How about you show your face like you said you did?
I put you on my guest list haven't heard from you since
You're a punk ass meathead with weak bread
Pissed off and regret cause the steroids shrunk your fucking penis
And Ash shovin' coke up Mr. Worsnop's nose
And everybody wonders why he spends his money on blow
Oh no
And when I see ya I'mma box ya', drop it like it's hot
Lockin' down your whole block, locksmith
Like the apocalypse when I'm dropping fists
Like a Southpaw, shock ya', dodgin' obstacles
Knocking fools out in the metropolis
A busted lip and bloody nostrils, sock your opticals
That is what you get for talking shit
Better come equipped the next time that you spit something sick
I'm fucking Swift like Taylor get it in son of a bitch
Ironic, isn't it?

CHORUS

Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, you're not cool, and fuck you
Sumerian Records you're a bunch of punk pussies
So is Lorenzo. You fucking buff piece of shit. Fuck you
Bada-bing, bada-boom my fucking ass, motherfucker
You were never at my show
You never came down cause you're a bitchmade motherfucker
And you won't do shit. Fuck you and all your friends

Sumerian Records. Ash. 'Sumerian Records,' really?
You have a sphinx as a logo. A sphinx. An Egyptian logo
Right? That is a totally different race from an actual Sumerian
Those are two different races!
That's like me naming my record label 'Christianity Records'
And having a Buddha as our mascot, you fucking idiot. Fuck you

Fuck I See Stars, you fucking punk pussies. Every single one of you
You know exactly why you were on the fucking tour
Trying to make up some shit so you can get your band to sell a couple more records
Come at me when you can at least sellout a fucking venue you fucking bitch
Fuck all of you. Fuck everyone. Fuck all the fans that agree with I See Stars, too. Fuck you

I don't give a fuck about any of you motherfuckers
Oh yeah, hey Lorenzo: I've got this video that someone took of you
When you didn't know about it. And uh... Well, you be the judge
I'm gonna play the audio right here. Does this sound familiar?