[Verse 1: Doseone]
Out for the view..
I can gather myself once as a very fairly small human
Mouth made out of glass. i am my habitat
Antidote and what ripped his face off wasn't even a pain killer
Faceless and a boyish numb uncomfortable, he can't sit
Artificial day skeleton keeps him up all night (up all night)
Puts himself away. he...
A wise man once said, "fuck 'em if they can't take a joke."
There is a me, in every kindergarten, and there is a me
Bigger than a raccoon, smaller than a building, smaller still, smaller still
Afloat with music on..
Better feeling, "aw, who you tellin'!"

[Interlude: Doseone]
Everything happens for a reason
I promise to never get paint on my glasses again
You can't rip art cause it's just art
The blood, the ink, ahh yes, the ink can bury a blade
Is this not the end of a blizzard twice the size of a rain cloud gone bad?
I'm burning puddle after puddle after puddle..."

[Verse 2: Doseone]
I wonder what my mother looked like pregnant
I've classified water damage as art
Ruining things, trilobite out on the town painting things
In accordance with my weird ordinance
My style is glass cutter, delicate/intense
Why, i haven't the mind for books
Shooting out the moonlight with my tongue
Depression in a vacuum. chest pains and violent nightmares
Brought me to this patch of grass and sun
Beauty is in the dead bolt
I'm a lonely frontier boy, sordid terminal man
Primitive doll making and suspicious plant eater ogling at the magnetism
A nibbler with cheap shades on and no contacts in
Pack leading nuissance with a way with kids, open envelope..

[Bridge]
Bringing sand to the beach cutting off...
The difference between motion and action" moving out...
Bringing sand to the beach

[Verse 3: Doseone]
Watching all the book toe be get quiet
'til we both avoid eye contact together
Running into sitting people i sold tickets with
I'll have one of your finest coffees
And a table for one in the dark
Writing on the bag i bought stuff in...

[Bridge 2]
[Sole]
All these suckers today
[Doseone]
Phone calls tomorrow
[Sole]
Take out the garbage
[Doseone]
Briefcase with issues
[Sole]
I am my name tag
[Doseone]
A party with loans out
[Sole & Doseone]
Credit! be or be broken, let artists clear stables
I don't make up the check!
Words, i just live here
Same stuff, different part of the mess

[Verse 4: Sole]
Disowned collection, joined metronome, leave monotone alone
I am the master of the works and all their whereabouts
Portable leash for the implement, grand unveilment
If the chisel breaks, it's got to be loud enough to sustain the builder
We..

[Verse 5: Doseone]
Oooffff...talk it out
Token go getters go get it enamored with something to..ughhhhh...
Risk in the winning folk, subtle yet solemnly..ahhhhh..
Extinction of saturdays inward to inward
Its confidence, i'll work for now...yeaahhhh...

[Verse 6: Sole]
I open the doors with no physical force
Zip codes ain't permanent, i can roam 'em all simultaneously
Real hard work comes easily, invest carefully
Rest this weak spell, a recipe, on the travel i broke the rulers
Dancing with no shoes across this everyday stage
These everyday non-coincidence brought about by
Living and doubting nothing special
We need a real war, give me a field, a field day
And i only have time for explosions

[Verse 7: Doseone]
Sleeping baggage, cat in my lap, a card at play
Help to a promise, dove in the subway
Loose change, in held, loose leaf, dormat
Wearing the fake nose glass, mustache..
Hide behind this blade or under this sky
It's like in the movies except for no ending

[Interlude 2: Sole & Doseone]
Yeah, i urinate in a cup for the art of it
And you'll dissect all of it
I water storage, poet like desert
There's a lightbulb in my skull that dies everytime i try to look down or rest
All cat owner can do is laugh at circus material
Never want to open my eyes, the world only furthers my argument
In searching for the perfect flat, i feel so concerned
Nobody wins, you're all walking pictures of foot in mouth
Although a unicorn ride would charm
Let's call it hip hop, you don't got to be innercity or inbred
Or clear my skies like desert
I'm in the state of "yo", my peeps, they gather at the borders
Waiting up all night for bills
If this is supposed to be a revolution, where are my..? why don't you just..?
One man's floor is another man's floor with a pillow on it
And sure, the invisible enemy is a thirteen year old computer hacker
Times are hard, keeping a fish tank alive is harder
And i'm supposed to be some sort of anti-christ
People like me most happy
Well if that's true, why am i hellbound at the pearly gates?
The spoon king in the soup, drought like desert

[Hook: Sole & Doseone]
It's all the same shit but they call it clouddead
I only got two hands and half a head..