It's them with their babyfeet, hummingbirds and milky ways...
It's them, horde your sea shells and blow out the big wick...it's them...it's them...

2x
No not your vitamins, or pillow or monocle
This one's just righteousness, half full and logical
Mean well remote absolute and nowhere to go
But onward and upward- clasp crowns ground the heart
Let transmission commence...hello...goodbye dark

5x
Really I wonder, is this all material?

This can't be heaven, the light is so dull
The first time I spoke must have been wonderful

It doesn't look like an ice sculpture...(it really doesn't from here)....or does it?
If I really payed attention time would move faster and faster
Landscapes and states of nature would gallop and sink before me
'til all was still as an orchid...one instant...
One rich white bursting orchid
Stood in channels and the rivers deep below beauty...

3x
Grimace. flee. souls don't need shelter...

Native well knowledge radiating through shone...what's scared smell sight
A swimming prism's gray core which one will erect a definition
For sheer bliss and set its semblance sincere and object with pride down gently
Before a globe of judge and grudge in open forum
I think...
No one...hundreds of thousands of chattering silver-faced monkeys screech
And find them fascinating
Although nowhere to be found on the periphery of
Some generation,huh?
I'm not familiar with the term

Boiled to a crack...happy now...
Who'll be bird in hand...
I've been mutilated trying...
Teaching myself preference, technique and acceptability...
It seems your son is of consumed...
Boiled to a crack...

2x
What do you mean there's no oar...
All the rations...
Sound the alarm, there must be a stowaway...

A drip, bore, a crack and a trickle, soon the hull gathered its body
And they all drown to meet with a grin, stick and handkerchief
Amid the flowering dust of the crossroads...

Don't peter out on me now...(don't you do it)...thrust your fist into the sunset...

Texture within the footprints and an end atop the wind...
I feel leaflike...something something to crawl on
Sunlit small, a wren beneath the soil presence beyond walls...
Art is everywhere...I refuse to know where..I wonder to know where art is...
Everywhere I wander to know where art is...everywhere I wander...

2x
Next time I'm bored, the man's going down (he's going down)
I'll stomp on anyone's brown bag and lunch (turn around)...when they're not looking
It's not actually bad rap...i just don't feel it...there I said it...

It's them with their tree stumps, cat litter and clay masks...
It's them, finish your last thought and man the battle packs...it's them...it's them...

Oh don't say help...she's crying in her salve of scary monsters don't exist
And blood and guts and little broken bits of love...just don't say it...
All gather as the greatness in her glory days and softened lovely rays
Can't hold back and pour...please don't...she wails for...help...
Orants in pain...pity the stick figures are bold proud faint...fainter...
Trapped on paper drawn to where babies come from...we think...
Can't figure out the gist of setting a precedent since shucks...
The sacrosanct and such has ran and hid inhibited shocked and implanted
In limited...prohibited...it's them...them...
It's all a game the fair and right has petered out...
Production was always paramount...and what have we done to deserve this...
Why evolve of course....fruit pickers learned to heard...
And now the butcher's got mechanical pencils...just leave the children...
Stab...process...preserve...pack...anything but the children...
Tear...portion...chop...self...they spared no one...
We're giving selves to records for the tots and toddlers
Not to gorge our fantasies and super-human fetishes...
If you give the strangers baby toys, the entertainment and enjoyment
They receive will read and write and return itself
Ten fold to watch your kids and clothe your loved ones
In a crystal ball of faith renewed and fertile bed...

Help...someone page the god...
Help...is there a poet in the house?...
Help...I'm afraid we'll have to innovate...
Help...I can't bring her back to life alone...

And there between the timid yellow voice of my candle
And the space in my little notebook she left this form and I saw
Her dust in the light's angles and heard...

You there...young man...my metamorphosis...your efforts...
That's all natural...just learn from virtues...
Keep them...perpetuate your fortune...in both worlds...
Give and give and give...
There's nothing wrong with gardens...
And in everyone's preserve...truth is truth...
Both perfect and realistic...
You know when energy is flowing...
Smile...teach yourself to write...and let them by the album...
Thanks for the help...