[Doseone and Why?]
A murder of mosquitoes, and moths, and gnats
Ravage the florescent flickering ribs of a motel lot flood light
Their frantic trajectories perfectly sketching insane in it’s halogen corona
No collision... no drinking of bulbs at long last...
Just a panicked moon drove dance they bang their insect eyes and mind at in the dark

Note: it takes an extended stay
America’s common black self cleaning line of ants
Approximately one and a-two third’s hours to completely excavate
The fresh kill carcass of a large New Orleans cricket

Point: minnows have teeth in their throats… (x3)

Thrice we passed this truck all packed with pigs...
This truck is always packed with pigs
You can not tell nor ask a pear tree
That it might only have the bird’s nests happen to its branches

Have you ever marveled through the pretty pith of your turned around eye
At the bug blood gut modern art on the fender of your country crossing rental van?

It then becomes self evident
That nature is responsible...
To peel deer from desert fun...
To sleep through vulture mouths...
Its femur like a chopstick through the paper

Nightcrawlers all dried up on the summer sun sidewalk
(Nightcrawlers all dried up on the summer sun sidewalk) (x2)
An ant with a little bit of leaf looks like an ant with an African mask
(Nightcrawlers all dried up on the summer sun sidewalk)
(An ant with a little bit of leaf looks like an ant with an African mask)
(An ant with a little bit of leaf looks like an ant with an African mask)(x2)
The red raw salmon steak in the gas station urinal
A full feathered dead pigeon with its entire skull exposed

[Hook: Doseone and Why?]
A single long stemmed rose resting between two mounted antlers [x4]

A spider spitting web on a styrofoam snowman’s head
Car salesmen asleep in their cars on lunch-break under the highway on-ramp
The x-ray of someone’s tumored skull left to scream doom from the gutter
With all the other preventative waste, no name no face

All the oil drills on some sick sedated rhythmic robot
Rape mode like brain-washed flies at a carcass
The highway shoulder dead dog’s fly devoured eyeballs
As garnish to a four lane state road
And all the southern Cali orange trucks headed to somewhere there’s winter

One armed men changing tires in the shoulder
For pretty ladies and their well dressed daughters;
Engine oil boiling, undercarriage eaten by a billion ants of rust
Bacteria gang-banging in the window cracks

[Hook]
A single long stemmed rose resting between two mounted antlers [x4]