(Incomplete and probably partly inaccurate)

[ Verse 1 -- Mestizo]

I took my time perfecting my weapons
Planned attack proper like a G should
[preservations?]
Ain't about my image, painted faces like in Hollywood
Have fun with that
Only sins around my senses
Ducking feds and hopping fences
I confess to all my older years
Don't need no power of suggestion
Let's just say it's unconventional
All the lies and allegations from the mouths of alligators
You tried to bite me and tie me down
And drown me on the way up
Both clawed at the anchors
?
Surprise, I'm alive, you made a prayer of my demise
Keep praying, man, I stay valiant in these challenges
Callus with these haters, only catapult this weight
?
Callous on my hand from the path that I'm paving
I had no easy road to be taking
No mistaking, I built my kingdom from painstaking

[ Chorus ]

I wanna watch you eat your fate
And I [will wait for the sound that makes?]
?
And I will wait until skull break

[ Verse 2 -- Doseone ]
Not native, more tourist
Rappers were warned
I like to imagine them in a forest
Try to hunt with a chorus
Cook with a hook
Reluctantly fuck wit a succulent
Make fire from wood
Require flint and specific rocks
This where dog start, wolf stop
All talk, no clocks do art
With that less-than-in-incredible
Coming-from-eager-to-edible
Humble look, 'Come see what time trapped!'
The just wicked ? commercializing rap
Its album necessitate axing and other attack
But the dark don't know what light do
Yeah, I -- hope something small consumes you

[ Chorus ]

[ Verse 3: Mestizo ]
Where are they coming from? Where are they coming from?
There goes another one right after the other one
They feel so cumbersome
That's why my tongue is numb
From cussing all of them forward and backwards
Who woulda hung with 'em?
And now they just ghosts from the smokestack
Choke back every feel you felt when they float past
Both paths lead to the same ending
Listen to the pain-sending
Brain-bending, signals when they rope snap
Broke ass, prolly should've took your notepad
Threw it in the bonfire right after you wrote that
Toe tags for every sleepwalker with their soul cracked
Take your paper inside, or go home and watch your ? crash
So bad you can taste it
And every pure moment that you wasted
Fuck it, they ain't gon' learn
So I just sit back down, watch em' burn baby burn