[Verse One: Ab-Liva]
Yep! I feel ‘em hating me now, it’s like
Heavy, the head that wears the crown, it’s like
Heaven is shared, I walk in the clouds
I’m so much better, yet we still trapped in the crowd
And we raise the bar on you when we capture the sound
And make ‘em raise arms on you like we black and we proud
(Woo!) Liva, the rider, the man, the music
The making a mogul, for talking over beats so soulful
Five time zones and the watch face oval
Crocodile straps cross over like Total
Paper Denim jeans, BBC thermal
Under Hermès couture, with the blond seams
Gold Gucci frames, lens like green
Trademarked, cover with Gs, the shoe Ice Cream
Red cover the frame, 760 (ill!)
Bavaria Motor Work through the i-ing

[Chorus: Amerie]
IIt’s this 1 thing that’s got me trippin
It’s this 1 thing that’s got me trippin (you did)
This 1 thing my soul may be feeling
It’s this 1 thing you did oh oh
It’s this 1 thing that caught me slippin
It’s this 1 thing I want to admit it (you did)
This 1 thing and I was so with it
It’s this 1 thing you did oh oh

[Verse Two: Pusha T]
It’s just 1 thing that’s got you tripping (eughck)
It’s just 1 thing my palm keep gripping (bang)
Bandannas got some niggas Blooding & Cripping
But my flow’s too serious, some niggas is kidding
So irrational, they faces unnatural
Hands on they dick when really they so vaginal
Wanna know the difference between us and thems?
Try a couple commas, incredible gems
No body armor, keep chrome like rims
And we Botox them Rollies and names ‘em Little Kims
Look at my fashionista, Black Korean creature
J’adore Dior, see Don and Karen used to please her
That was years ago before them fives had breathers
So-called divas hear vocals, catch seizures
Here’s your application to cook for the King
But before you run the stove, let me tell you 1 thing

[Hook: Amerie]

[Verse Three: Sandman]
1 thing’s for certain, two things fa sho
Ask about me, they gon’ say, “He glow”
24/7 he will, like the Wills
On that o-tie, oh-fi, that ain’t no lie
Oh, my, you so official
All those [?] same color as Hpno
Hundred bottles couldn’t fill that up
Four hundred thousand when I pull that up
Ain’t nothing to it, doggy, I do’s what I does, revenue
I speak it and spend it fluid, blew it like plenty buzz
I was cold but got warm, off, then got on
[?] [?] [?] popcorn
Slipped through the cracks
Saw the black Continental T, he got to give ‘em that
Black butter [?] sticky, fresh black Dickie to match
I found my chukkas, yo’ bitch, I fucked her

[Hook: Amerie]

[Verse Four: Malice]
Listen, we ain’t discussing them other broads
They ain’t you, they ain’t riding up in double Rs
I don’t know why they all up in odds
But never mind them, let me oil up your arms
It’s sunny in Miami, G4, the ambiance
In the blink of an eye you’ll be on Ocean Drive
Gotten to decide, crack crab or lobster?
Then light my bogey in the spirit of Poppa
Ain’t nothing about my lifestyle modest
Cocaine dealer, with the flow so melodic
It was never about the price, to be honest
A flip is a flip, and I’m copping regardless
Niggas got no ethics, that’s the part that’s the hardest
The risk, I guess, when dealing narcotics
But for now, to the game, I’ma charge it
Quarter-mil should be enough to drop the charges

[Hook: Amerie]