[Verse 1: Pusha T]
Cry now motherfuckers before I verse
Counting money on the camera like the Chambers brothers
The apex of this rap shit none above us
Volume 3 just a warning better run for cover
Cuz what's to come is like none other
We the first and the last bitch marking with them asteriks
Two albums in what the hunger of a draft pick
Flow so scattered they cohesion like magic
Death is all that's left I know the feeling of classic
Ask it amongst any one of your peers
Who ain't got a drop in years and still feared
Who ain't got a record out magazine niggas talking about
In the climate wher most rap niggas just walk it out
Ain't no king drilling cheek turning and talking out
? tempt they still lynchin' in the south
My niggas here me out


[Verse 2: Sandman]
? dance with the devil in the pale moonlight
Flesh melts off if you dont move right
Serves you right, take it if you stand it
Take it for granted your own life
Why spare you niggas alive faking moves
Acting like ? they're real use a Treadmill nigga
When you stand still you're in somebody's way
And some money's ? hit with somebody's K
(blocka blocka blocka blocka)
Them shots will chop them the proper
Ain't gotta find 'em to give them our ?
???
He could be led for real you ain't never safe
On your porch with your torch turn you leatherface
Reverse it the worth shit blood start squirtin'
Next shots your salvation's damnation now
I cornered you the coroner breaks you down
So horrible our article breaks it down
I front page news you dues smooth you lose
The six foot cubicle ? your body died playing ?
R.G-A-N-G then got me

[Hook]

Cry now nigga [X3]

[Verse 3: Ab-Liva]
Now overtime I got battle with a hustler with etiquette
We got it for cheap rich nigga rhetoric
They moldin' of a man front of the project tenement
A testament to niggas I broke bread, got cheddar with
Moms leavin' applications, say its for my betterment
I'd rather be all taped up, cookin' like a kettle with
Learn from the veterans
But they never taught us much more out there
Young boy you just settle ? in essence
They got a nigga pedaling
So why school a little nigga when he hype like ritalin
Bringing that dinner and
So we in bed like sentiment the same shit we learn for our benefits
Is it beneficial that I speak it nigga
Take it nigga leave it it's no longer on my conscience
And like I had a conscience the charmer
Bundlin' my bomber selling crack to a nigga moma
The former nigga on the corner, listen to the warning
And every day struggle and my walkman
Colder as I hawk in
My state you younger black you a markman
But this nigga made it through the dark man


[verse 4: Malice]
They say who created the I nazzi (not see?)
I spot ya all niggas like unmarked police
I'm on niggas top I'm the marker of the beast
See my heart no longer beats the way it used to be
Family and friends resemble enemies
And I can't tell the difference though I no longer breathe
If you was in the kitchen well that's news to me
We the R-E-U-P GANG that's us bro
Yes I said gang all else is faux pas
Fondln' the caine how we do is not folklore
Bitch in vera wang and the kids got gold card ( go cart)
Cook the heroin till it's black like Bopa
Ill with the composition I'm mozart
You don't want the fif to start spittin' so don't start
Not to mention I'm everywhere like north star
Prolific like W.B.E du bois
Seventeen in a nickle now fuck with you what?

[Hook]