[Hook]
I got caught dealin, at the age of one-five
Had all my bitches stealin, just tryin to survive
And it was business as usual if one of mine had to die
Cause fuck that yo, I gotta make sure my dough multiply

[Verse 1: Pusha-T]
Crimes I commit heinous, y'all niggas is brainless
You tied up at gun point, flinch, make you famous
Blow make me live aimless, my gun stainless
Aim for your temple, hope you die painless
Illest shit we wore those, marked money we tore those
My whole team channelin coke through urban portholes
You livin like mere mortals, your block's foreclosed
We forty deep on in the street, and fuckin your hoes
Seen your man club bathroom soft stuff heron
Come out, loud talkin and shit, claimin he Don
Hope he know when he step outside, baby it's on
Watch my guns illuminate the sky like Vietnam
My confidence shared by all conglomerates
Everyone in my circle is dominant
We live prominent, your world we bombin it
Stuck in the pen? Walk the shit in
Kamikaze it

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Pharrell]
Eight-fifty navy blue, kill like a Laker do
Twenty inch chrome shit, who must I say to you
Watch what your lady do
We stoned the fuck out
Not just your car nigga, chrome ya truck out
Calico plastic, twin to match it
Ice white like some Star Wars space gun
Though, that ain't how they come my friend make 'em
Sleek wit 'em like in L.A. nigga, love is Daytons
They talk shit you nigga where it hits the procedure
I got rats that miss the sight of food, quick to swiss cheese ya
Actually they want the cheeba I'm the owner and leader
Yo my clip's my bitch, I own her and beat her
Huh, shit, dick missile tomahawk
One thing I love is sex discussions and armor talk
Who got all the CEOs disputin?
And my Clipse niggas fussin and shootin?
Yo, it's that same nigga

[Hook]

[Bridge]
It was.. make money money take money money what?
Make money money take money money what?
Make money money take money money what?
Make money money take money money money

[Verse 3: Malice]
You ain't never seen it like this
Ices this priceless, pullin heist-es
One wrong move, they lifeless
Thug shit, bullets and clips and pwice this
Where I come from niggas shoot guns and dices
What the price is, scratch that we don't ask that
We blast that gat in yo mouth, where the cash at?
That's how I roll, drugs get sold but never hold shit
Malice face two-five to life, but never told shit
It's like that, love for my clique, go ahead and light that
When shorty lick with no handjob and never bite that
Day in the life, ain't nothin nice how I hit 'em up
Hands high get 'em up, cash tried lit 'em up
Regret that? Countin my stack I had to wet that
Hog tied, telephone cords, speak to the lord
And while the cops untyin' you, my whole team eyein' you
Cause even if you talk in your sleep my heat fryin' you

[Hook] - repeat 3X