[Intro: Mayalino]
Let's go, huh
We gon swerve it out on this one you know what I'm saying
Swag it out on this bitch!
You pull up [big estate house?]
[?]
Eating mother fuckin chilean sea-bass on them niggas
We ain't talking [?] either, you know what I'm saying?
We at the palm home boy
Uh, yeah

[Verse 1: Mayalino]
The paper game Oprah, phantom of the operas
Currency face green, her white face coca
Kitchen with an apron, chicken noodle sopa
Python lock Jake the Snake big cobra
Peel out [doug bell the win out?]
I do it for the homies in the hood that can't get out
Life without parole mother fuckas don't get out
Rick Flair of the coke til the baking soda spill out
A-Wax Desert eagle blew your whole whip out
Million dollar chef, [mill?] skinny hoes pig out
Got a black hoodie on with a white mask on
Mike Jackson with the glove on gleam
I beat the case with the gloves I [lay?]
I make that mayweather money [with cain?]
We just Louis through the summer, Gucci through the winter
When you rubber band the money, it's gonna make you a believer
When spend the root of evil, it's gonna make all of us sinners
Ace of spades having mobster dinner
Pearl powder with the fish scale make me a winner
Entertain the colosseum like that spartan killer
I'm the reason why the strippers carry purse umbrellas
22 for the keys call that birdman special
Hundred grand on the wrist i wear
Fifty grand gon pierce my ear
Ball hard with the jays I wear, yeah

[Hook: Mayalino]
It's a mobster dinner, break bread with a boss
I'm feeling like a winner, probably cause I never lost
And if I'm sitting next to you, you know what Imma do
Have my cake and eat it too

[Intro: Pusha T]
You know I have a PhD in fast money right
So you thought you just call me Pusha for nothing
Eghck!

[Verse 2: Pusha T]
Del Frisco's, four days straight
Dinner for two easily a thousand dollar date
Wilhelmina model no feeling in her face
Hermes leather goods wrap twice around the waist
Double Dutch the wrist, invisibly wet, invisibly set
80 thousand dollars on a myth
That's Rolex posing under fist
I bow flex 36 ounces on a brick, my niggas trick
Dollars like Dave Blaine and Chris Ange
The condos full of Rottweilers on Biscayne
They run freely around dope money and well trained
The smell’s a mixture of baking soda and piss stains
Eghck! Too vivid nigga, admit it nigga
What other way is the real hustlers gon feel it nigga
Got no respect for you jack boys so kill it nigga
This four-five is about as long as a midget nigga

[Hook: Mayalino]
It's a mobster dinner, break bread with a boss
I'm feeling like a winner, probably cause I never lost
And if I'm sitting next to you, you know what Imma do
Have my cake and eat it too