[Verse 1: Pusha T]
I got ya mind niggas!
Quite frankly, I don't understand these claims
You ain't know, I was pushin' AKA Brick James
You can't touch this, and on the fed's list of names
And I hibernated immediate when Pusha hit fame
I'm cold blooded, similar watch the rose flooded
The leather in that Aston yellow like cold mustard
Now run along, my gun is long
Ya life expectancy short if them talons sing along
I glamorize, ya fantasize my life like
The hoes, the flights, the flow that's poltergeist
Yankin' the spirit from the demons seein' through the snow
Like Carolina bitch [?] dreamin'? I'm losin 'em
All the snow in the timepiece confusin' 'em
All the snow on the concrete Peruvian
I flew 'em in, it ruined men
I'm through with them
Blame from us got in they life
So go and sue me then

[Verse 2: Ab-Liva]
Keep my gravy on, pound every pave we on
Skully and the thermal, get my Army/Navy on
Lunch with the dirty kids is missin' the [?]
As I jazz, [?] over these beats a la [?]
Swagger unrivaled, I'm what catches [?]
Far removed from baggin' that work up in the Clarion
Four chairs, four men, wood table, 12-12
Baggies in them single edge, razors from the corner store
Cocaine connoisseur, new way of doing big business
Bill Gates although I'm thinkin' like a dinosaur
Pushin' on them keys like a minor chord
Jimmy crack corn was the reason we put it over them irons for
Lion-hearted, the king of the upholding
Ridin' for the same love Lauryn wrote and sang out to Zion for
I am crowned king, I'm not tryin' for, dyin' for
I squeeze first to shoot, they screamin' and they cryin' for

[Hook: Pusha T]
We want LA nigga, we want New York
And everywhere in between 'cuz you niggas don't talk the talk
Everybody say they hustlin', you niggas don't walk the walk
Our dope dealer swag so real nigga, play your part

[Verse 3: Sandman]
Now how you wanna play this?
Just racists rent it like Avis
Final stages
Get held, triple Caucasian
This invasion, abrasive, like we racin'
Finish line, the vivid dime
Martin-colored vintage wine
[?] one, stick one, they vagina
While they hatin, then ya straight to shinin'
Niggas love to perpetrate beyond ya
Point of livin' on, the joint is risen huh
Anoint ya dead and gone
One shot fucked up ya ordeal
Six o clock news, you're [?] like shit real
Ya know how I [?] on Tuesday they still will
I'm cool like Jack Jill
Bad bitch they like, "ew!"
Fat boy still that boy
Cruisin with a gat 4
Cross me catch a back fall
Spit rounds, the forehead catch that
Board dismissed like school's out
Let's move out or lose out

[Verse 4: Malice]
Oh how lame! These niggas in the game
They fuckin' with my hip hop, have you any shame?
Bag in that Ziplock, move it on a plane
Like Green Eggs and Ham: move it on a train
Move it on a bus, or Federal Express it
Don't pick it up yourself from then unknown addresses
Acura legend, graduated to the Lexus
To them SL5 to the hues and the necklace
I was Richard Gere, I had bitches breathless
Along come the hate, niggas talkin' reckless
Mentioning ya name, the natives gettin' restless
Offerin' info and gettin' all excessive
Like crabs in a barrel, they sing it like a carol
The judge throw the book right before he slam the gavel
Have gun, will travel, and I can't stand the sight
Of a motherfuckin' tattle, such a waste of life

[Hook]

[Verse 5: Pharrell Williams]
Star Trak's the black Pixar
We imagine shit for specializing artwork videos
Hit stars, record sellin' just like dope man
I shit ya'll not, it's all not how hits ya'll got
You hear the way up in my beat like a brick
It is treated then
Trust me nigga, it's called chop, I hear it
You tryna divide it
Nip and tuck you Botox, tryin to hide it
Some detune it, some take it up a key
Sprinkle my [?] and snare, soundin' like little me's
It's a shame 'cuz you make little cheese
How you gangster or pimp with little bullets little freaks
I know a couple thugs couple G's
I know a couple bloods couple C's, RIP's
And they don't know you, so who you gon' go to?
Sell that bullshit show to?
All that abra kadabra, no one's flattered
Many means ya missin' identities and swagger

[Hook]