[Verse 1: Pusha T]
Speech
First of all wanna thank my connect hold up
I can't do that yet, you motherfuckers know I still live this shit
Mount Rushmore with the pie my face etched in a brick
No reminisce, no recall
Hit the corner in my hooptie my trunk is like a free for all
Ski for all I said ski for all
Sunny Bono the slopes until the Reaper calls
Connect cotton with snow like I was meeting Clause
Merry Christmas to coke here goes a reef for ya all
Do something nice for your bitch for the winter
Red Bottom with toes give her wrist some shimmer
Supercharge that range ridiculous rimmer
Show money blow money to Re-Up Gang Agenda
You niggas re-in up with them low ass dinner
We serve it on platter, you're all the great pretenders

[Hook]
Re-Up gang in the spot tonight
Oh what a feeling selling blocks of white
You ain't gotta bring your paper out
We the dope boys of the year
Drinks is on the house

[Verse 2: Ab Liva]
North Philly hustler bag raw
Now bottle up a condominium with the glass floor
It was like 9/4
Choppin' that work on a glass plate
The last real niggas we climb doors
Speaking of crime lords
Trill niggas screaming out encore
?? storm ? grind ? (we got it for cheap)
What I got come with feathers and beaks
And I could ? like a pedal just ? for let us
K-I-L-O, hello
Lamborghini I bright canary yellow
Enterin' your black like I'm delo
Sugar Hill sweets over mellow
Now I play the lean pool strings like a cello
The puppeteer, little puppet just don't come near
American me in the company of few
I'm Ali, Jordan, Tiger, Tyson, Gretzky, Lemieux

[Hook]


[Verse 3: Malice]
I'm a product of the '70s baby
I push chronic on the customers daily
So much in fact this shit probably shame me
See the commonwealth district they wanna arraign me
They don't like us niggas making videos
They like niggas pointing fingers like Arsenio
And you all fall for it tell it like a ten year old
And they still serving time like a general
They come looking for the source like Melly Mel
You'd better never play me like Felli Fel
I can't touch that, it's kinda' delicate
My lawyer is on the house of delegates
I put 'em all with my derelicts
Name your price you can buy tampered evidence
More powder than they believe
Push pows like the Medellin

[Hook]

[Verse 4: Sandman]
We used to hustle galore
Me and half ? back to ? had to holdin' floor
Five block, ? street right in front of the store
? fool them with hoes still we eat
Something like Kevin Joe, Julios ? wrist
Take 'em two blocks down and then up the street
? the story goes on
Plenty coke was moving and ? was grown
Gucci Philatias and many ? was worn
? niggas snithin' it's like we all should be long gone
But guess what, we're not
They didn't got the ? what's up baby rock?
Nothing can stop me, I'm feeling so cocky
Left till they sly me,?
To Philly I'm Rocky
They fine ? the kids know me as a stony ?
Up in the raw, like ? just to give me some ?
School first little nigga now, hold at your head
Stay ?, stay Philly stay away from the ?
And keep your eyes on the bros till you get what it is