[Hook]
You see the raw is back the score is back
The motherfucking horde is out the card is back
The motherfucking ? is up the top is back
Re-Up Gang run this shit, it's more than rap

[Verse 1]
Nigga fuck what you recording, the re-emergence of Jordan
? to lyrics said it's best and it's importance
The exploits of the game that I was caught in
Shed on my hopes ? elope ?
Shit I pedal dope with
Big scores on both coasts we
Last kick through them go post with
Man in the mirror is the culprit
I am he I am legend the last real niggas with the key
Fly niggas get money fast cars no ?
Superbowl allstar bitches out the sunroof
I was once told nigga ignorance is bliss
I was busy counting money how ignorant is this?
Gs on the candy-striped jacket been had those
Golla roll sweater up the gucci's with the Redsouls
Load blocks bled those tactic from my old school
Hustler said young nigga get it for the Fedshow

[Verse 2]
I pull from the ghosts to the dead greats
Ouija board flow all you niggas is dead weight
I kill any pawn in the way of my checkmate
Cop killers pistol ? on your chestplate now check it
You said you spare the raw then you spoil the child
15 with a Pyrex my mother's denial
Look what I've become young young in the flesh
Blew through a million dollars not a fucking regret
Till the casket drop, if the album flop
We the Wire season two bitches back to the docks
Make up for the mishap we back to the pot
The coupes never left take the rags off the top
King let it get back, baking soda whip that
The pies come in bulk as if Costco sent that
Eggshell the color add water watch it gel
The kitchen counter tops is like first Noel

[Hook]


[Verse 3]
The game is a fire and rain
All you rappers is targets regardless thin paper
Hit you, rip you so they can't fix you
? the pastor preach scriptures
Turn you to a mantelpiece fixture
You are now ? in the mistle
Wolves under full moon goons on they for move
Doomed is you presume that he ?
All that bullshit you all get cool pissed
They are all jew stripped
Pink Panther, Tweety, Bird Casper
Nigga get your cash up a ?
Bank account cancer
Daddy money fondle
? hop in this copping shoppin' gon' give me carpal tunnel
You ? but your little cake funnel(frontal)
Speaking with a hesitated mumble
You spray laid rays to a leather tated humble
They keep my money pile and put her
On a smith and then give 'em an unbreakable silence


[Verse 4]
I just left France and the city of champagne
I'm so nouveau riche lord knows I'm a damn shame
? so flooded that you can't read the damn name
It flash like my blinker, I stay in a fast lane
Not a day late on the style we stay current
We keep it from the kids and tell 'em it's detergent
Sell it for the whole at seventeen a serving
Of course it's stepped on like I ain't touched the virgin
God bless those who bare their souls to the clergy
To those who stay high and looking for the fergie
Plus we got that ? with crystals in it
My model was money, furs, and don't let no bitch worry me
Like pearl jam I kill my peers like Jerremy?
And here I am with open ? like journey
Ooh baby I like it raw or dirty
Shame on a nigga for even feel any worthy


[Hook]