[Intro: Kobe]
I wake up-wake up in the morning
'Cuz them boys come knocking in the morning
Then I have me girl go flush in the toilet
Them say did someone get murdered on the corner?
Them say did someone see me, seen someone get shot
Them say they saw﻿ me there...
My nigga they won't break me, and I'll go crazy
Before they make me tell...

[Hook: Kobe]
There was a murder by the corner house, whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa
Them boys asking questions now, no-no-no-no-no
Now everybody seen it, but don't nobody know
What happened to the boy down the street a week ago
Ain't nobody talking, they keep it on the low
Don't open ya mouth, when they knocking at ya door
Cause niggas die out here for snitching, they﻿ dying for snitching... OK?
These niggas die out here for snitching, they dying for snitching... OK?

[Verse 1: Pusha T]
Those who break the code, we dig them holes
What's worse than a street nigga that sells his soul?
Be it the life we chose, we pick our roles
Bad man stands an' fall but never fold
Gangster﻿ turn informer when the jig's up
Ya tool mix-up mix-up
Babylon boys, get bodies left for pick-up
Blood puddle, gun muffle, guns couple
Muzzle﻿ in mouth, we bring trouble
Soon police come rush, whole family crushed
All because them pussies couldn't hush
Shot box mouths with no covers
Body 'pon body gets stacked, one top th'other
Wish them hadn't to suffer

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Malice]
Nobody seen nothing, heard nothing, they ain't said a word
Just chalk and yellow tape, with blood 'pon them shirts
Ashes to ashes his body back to the Earth
That casket drop six feet, then throw upon it dirt
"Mum's the word", that's hustler's etiquette
You'd rather hang yourself than turn state evidence
Ever since I﻿ was young, never talk to the folk
Tongue small like a rudder, yet steer the 'ole boat!
Loose lip the reason that ship no longer float
Telling the Feds everyting they wanna know
That fatal blow took his very last breath
The power of ya tongue is life-and-death, ya feel me?

[Hook]