Haitian V: Wha- come one man!

Cardi B: Yo, what is your problem? Why you knocking on the door like that? You know my uncle on the run. You - I thought you was the police

Haitian V: Cardi, why you keep me waiting like that all the time? The garbage man - they - they asked me if I live here, I say no. Why you leave me outside like that?

Cardi B: You see that’s why I told you I’m only available before 8PM. Before the stores closing. When you gonna take me shopping again? Like I keep wearing the same outfit over and over again. Look at my nails, look at my toes like

Haitian V: You need your nails done, I give you the money. You want your toes done, I give you the money. You want your hair - I go to Malaysia to get it for you. No problem. The diamonds in your fingers. You don’t know who help me get that. Leonardo DiCaprio from Blood Diamond help me to get that for you. They tell Beyonce and Kim Kardashian - they say listen it’s only one and it has to go to Haitian for him to give it to his girlfriend

Cardi B: Nobody tell you to do all that. You coulda - you coulda went to Foredom. You coulda went to Foredom and get a goddamn ring

Haitian V: Let’s stop this - this garbage foolishness. Okay baby?

Cardi B: What I told you about calling me baby? Like don’t call me baby. I don’t like when you call me baby like you just make us look crazy in public, like stop calling me that. Stop calling me that

Haitian V: Cardi

Cardi B: Don’t call me baby

Haitian V: Cardi, why you talking about I can’t call you baby? What I’m supposed to call you? Homie

Cardi B: F*cking

Haitian V: Nigga? I don’t know what I’m supposed to call you -

Cardi B: I’m a f*cking punch him. This is why I need another one

Haitian V: Baby, what you grumbling to yourself like that? I buy you  I pay the rent. I pay your cell phone, not even my cell phone

Cardi B: Alright, alright!

Haitian V: I treat you good, I buy you eh stuff

Cardi B: Oh my God!

Haitian V: And then you treat me like garbage baby

Cardi B: I already told you already, because you’s a  you’s a