[Intro: Dom Kennedy]
Uh, yeah, spring, fall, winter, summer
I been gettin' fly all my life, spring, fall, winter, summer
I been gettin' fly all my life, spring, fall, winter, summer
All my life, spring, fall, winter, summer

[Verse 1: Bonic]
Ay, look, started in the Benz wagon, BBSs on it
Now a nigga on a jet jet laggin'
And if it's real, it ain't braggin'
We goi' eat, we ain't havin' what you havin'
Fried lobster for a bitch, this is real talk
All my dogs wit' the shits and they still bark
I just want to get money wit' my niggas
And fuck these bad bitches, say, 'Fuck them other niggas'
Like, they ask me how I feel about these hatin' niggas
Told 'em they ain't probably seen me in years
Uh, how you feel about 'em?
How you feel about 'em? How you feel about 'em?
Uh, they ask me how I feel about these bitch-niggas
Told 'em, 'I don't ever see 'em, it's weird'
Uh, how you feel about 'em?
How you feel about 'em? How you feel about 'em?

[Hook 2: Dom Kennedy]
Uh, I been gettin' fly all my life, spring, fall, winter, summer
I been gettin' fly all my life, spring, fall, winter, summer
Shuttin' down bars all my life, spring, fall, winter, summer
All my life, spring, fall, winter, summer

[Verse 2: Dom Kennedy]
And you know I don't give a fuck, just don't hold it against me
How fast can we get to Vegas if we do, like, 150?
We livin' like the '80s in 2015
In the mirage wit' a Roley on, type that
And my son like his father, he don't play that shit
West Side get the money, bitch, say that shit
You got one set of keys and one nigga to please
So you could be League, come on, play that shit
Uh, they ask me how I feel about the competition
I ain't seen 'em in years, uh, how you feel about 'em?
How you feel about 'em? How you feel about 'em
Uh, they ask me how I feel about my ex-bitches
When I see 'em, it's weird, uh, how you feel about 'em?
How you feel about 'em? How you feel about 'em?

[Outro: Dom Kennedy]
Uh, I been gettin' fly all my life, I been gettin' fly all my life
I been goin' hard all my life, I been gettin' fly all my life