[Intro]
You might gotta - n'amsayin' you might gotta go to Earlez and get you a chili cheese dog to cruise around in this one
Jskillz what's popping baby!
Leimert Park what's cool baby!
(25th Hour, yea)

[Verse 1]
In the daytime
I cruise the city and mind the ladies waist lines, to the bassline
Some old Quik shit, or maybe me perhaps
Throwing two's at the new coupes with the feet to match
Got my new sneakers (check), got my new beeper (check)
Blackberry keep me connected like the reefer man
Seat back and my sneakers blaring
Moon roof slight overcast, but I'm so over that
I overgas under the overpass
I'm so slow it's like I'm going fast, how annoying's that?
I'm so cold I got the ?
Im on the road in them Jordan packs and Im damn sportin black laces in em
And my Louis got faces in 'em
And you can give me that ma as long as you ain't got braces in 'em
Now say it with 'em

[Interlude]
I don't know man, you like - you n'amsayin' you gotta, you got' let that moon roof go on this one
N'ahmean you gotta, you gotta go get that car wash across from uh, Art's Wings & Things

[Verse 2]
Today was a good day too, Cube
Picked up a pair of shoes, nice tee and some cooked food, did the wine wit it
Saw my ex, spend some time wit' it
Quick session, did the grind wit' it, she so mine wit' it
Marc Jacobs, she so fine wit' it
[Mac glossing?], a little shine wit' it, Bonita Applebum
Put me on a little Tribe wit' it
It feel good, close your eyes wit' it, look to the sky baby
That's not a plane, that's your guy baby
I shine hard like Armor All, I don't be warming up
Come in the game nigga and warm you up
Ya girl say you ain't warm enough, she wanna join with us
I told Jason to join her up
It's for life, you better warn her first
We don't play like Smush in the playoffs, the swoosh on my J ?
S.O.B. lamping like crooks on the day off
We kick pushing the weight off
No I'm selling but if I was I ain't telling

[Interlude]
It's like, it be like one of them days where - you n'ammean it be like December and it be like 83 out this mo'fucker, you n'amsayin. Just that - you n'ahmean you just be cruising like

[Verse 3]
Born in God's likeness
Kids in LA say they wanna be like him so I try and write some
Nice, good hymns for 'em, get my bars up
You know, hit the gym for 'em, I'm just tryna win for 'em
Slide up La Brea baby, hit the 10 for 'em
Standing tall as a Titan, shit I'm a Vince for 'em
South Central and Egypt, I'm like a prince for 'em
Sent for 'em by a higher power, they in my, in my style but
Catch me anywhere, my frequent flyer miles up
Local celebrity, live life yours'll never be
That of a Kennedy, don't be mad at the pedigree
Best ever, shit I better be
Now I'm just tryna become a better me
Keyless entry, leather seats, hmmm like 2 Carreras be
But G4 got them Carreras beat
Fuck I care, I'm on Olvera Street, nigga this forever E

[Outro]
You nahmean and- and throw like 30 in the tank too. I'm tired of seeing y'all niggas on La Brea - Slauson, you nahmean. It be- it be niggas out there, like new Hummers and shit, you namsayin. Like- like yo, can I get 10 on 2?