[INTRO]
The greater than club has arrived
Tell them other niggas move to the side
Fly Union and Dom Kennedy don't be surprised
Nah don't be surprised, Baby

[Jerreau]
I feel like a million bucks
But in that BBC I look like a billion bucks
I never feel blue, no I never felt yellow
And yet I make green that's my favorite color
I'm only one man, I need a woman
One plus one is two, we make a cute couple damn
At my show that's where I met her
She's always up beat that's why I rap to her
If I could hold a tune i'll probably sing to her
Like MR. and MRS. it got a ring to it
She give me space, My superstar
She give me her, I give her my all
Plus one let's go half from the start
Say we have and daughter, Venus vs Mars
I'mma wife her up, she wipe me down
She show me love like I'm out of town
I gotta watch my steps, there's a lot of hoes
No I can't fall for them she keep me on my toes

[HOOK:Jerreau]
If I called you my girl would you like that?
If I sang you a song would you like that?
If I was honest and true would you like that?
Would you like that? Tell me you like that?
If I called you my girl would you like that?
Now, if I sang you a song would you like that?
Took the pass-code off my phone would you like that?
Would you like that? Tell me you like that?

[Dom Kennedy]
UGH,They say players never change
I know I never call, never text, and never AIM
On the road to fortune, fame and all them better things
I do see you in my life just without that wedding ring
Im so back and fourth , play a lot of games
And if you ask around they gonna say a lot of names
But fuck'em any ways they gonna say a lot of thangs
I might have took a route
But I never got her things
I never got her food
I never got her shoes
Okay I did once but I went and got then used
And you fresh out the box I respect that a lot
So try these vans on while I stretch out and watch

[HOOK:Dom Kennedy]
If I called you my girl would you like that?
Hold your hand in the street would you like that?
Bring you flowers once a week would you like that?
Would you like that? tell you like that?
If I got on one knee would you like that?
If I wrote you a song would you like that?
Left them other hoes alone would you like that?
Would you like that? tell me you like that?

[Jerreau]
We make a good fit you remind me of my jeans
Don't we make a pretty good CO-WED team
I just wanna shine jealous clouds block me
Say let me be gray T.G.T.C
My girl name Lauren told her it's your world
Let me go and explore it but we only ride foreign
Purple label rock Lauren vintage low
Don't mean to be a dead horses that's polo
I got candles to blow, means I got cake
Promoters bring cash I'mma bring change
She give me an inch I'mma take a mile
Blow the whistle yellow flag she hold me down

[HOOK:Jerreau]
If I called you my girl would you like that?
If I sang you a song would you like that?
If I was honest and true would you like that?
Would you like that? Tell me you like that?
If I called you my girl would you like that?
Now, if I sang you a song would you like that?
Took the pass-code off my phone would you like that?
Would you like that? Tell me you like that?

[OUTRO]
This is going out to you, and out to you
This is going out to you, and out to you
This is going out to you, and out to you
It Jerreau but friends call me bankrow
This is going out to you, and out to you
Its Fly dot you where dreams come true
And you know me Lamont park whats cool
T.G.T.C
And this is going out to you
And this is going out to you