[Intro: Smoke DZA]
Doing real good for a street nigga
Dope shit, Sean C & LV, nigga

[Verse 1: Dom Kennedy]
Look at you, look at us
Everywhere I go bitches pick us up
Westside, hit 'em up
And when you think of balling picture us
It's my time, live it up
I never gave a fuck about giving up
Just big body Benz' that was kitted up
And coming back home with big bags yelling ''split it up''
I talk big shit when I'm fitted up
Get your spending limit up, boy, you been a chump
I'm trying to get a Venice head before I'm finished up
Versace tortoise shells shades, shades when I'm vintage'd up
Still looking like Caine, boy, I'm menace'd up
And still praying every night, not just when it's rough
If you me nigga be my nigga ever when it's tough
And be quick, but never in a rush

[Hook]
If these walls could talk, they say "Who fresher?
Than this new age display of trendsetters?"
Money, cars and clothes, what are your endeavors?
Your favorite rapper, favorite rapper, hell, I been better

[Verse 2: Big K.R.I.T.]
Let me speak on it, talk shit, ride clean
[?] and like five screens
The rap game made the league, they don't supply rings
Legends build and conquer, what I look like playing for 5 teams?
Nah, I ain't no hoop star, bassline, [?]
Spitting bars and crushing beats will get me in that coupe car
Bad bitches throw digits like rose petals
And swing down with a pimp if they know better
I was born this fly so where are your feathers?
Been at war with words so where are your medals
You talk big shit if your time came
No cameras please, you can't picture my mind frame
Hell, greatness alone means everything
If not, how do you define game?
Boobie Miles lifestyle minus unfortunate injury
I would go at haters, but I don't have the energy

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Smoke DZA]
Right, niggas underdog of 'em all
Underachiever class, I'm one of y'all
Some fold under pressure and some evolve
I was that nigga that thrived off the hating and
Rise to the occasion, coming live for money making
Home of the brave and ain't no safe haven
It's more like West Craven, what is you people saying?
No way you can contest, you all are less
You niggas is crack sega fresh
Give it up, why don't you? Me and my niggas global
Nobody know you so like you you only local
Everybody can't be Mike, get your Pippen on
You think image could save you then get your lifting on
I get my piffing on, smoke 'em if you think I'm wrong
And you tripping on the same shit that Mel Gibson on
Niggas must be on dust
End up on your back trying to front on us

[Hook]

[Outro: Dom Kennedy]
Big K.R.I.T., what it be, nigga?
Smoke DZA, where that weed, nigga?
Put this on repeat, nigga