[Intro]
"We're not drug dealers...We're fundraisers."

[Verse 1]
Check 4,5...4,5
Check, Check
Now when my cousin through in that all-blue Kitted
They was ridin down Venice with them all new dishes
His tapered as Jeans matched the Alt Blue sixes
Cause he good at pushin rock like Rod (Who?) Strickland
And the dope boys love em and the gang need his diction
Smartest out the line, still do crime (Would have mentioned)
And his brother's locked up, but he always send him pictures
And his best friend's gone, but he always send him liquor or
Smokes from the joints that he rolls to remember when
They was little boys receiving toys in December, then
They was just to young to enjoy all the simple shit
Like, "Ay I got a crush on this girl let me mention it."
Cocaine Membership, Propane finish it
No names givin just that dope game livin

[Hook]

And if this was 92' they would have beat yo ass
Nigga if this was 92'...

[Verse 2]

Soul Train rockin, Gold Chain Clockin
Yo shit is all plain and my thang got that hot
Ring match the watch, tell them girls to watch
Fuck Scarface nigga tell the world to stop me
I ball like I'm [?] get calls like Verizon
I ain't Freeway Rick but it's all on my horizon
Rivals will despise him, Hollows will divide them
Gangstas make the world go round but how is that surprising?
Servin in that Jay Straight on my Andre Rison
Im risin like the baking soda I'm supplied with
I get winkers when Im spending money high pitched
I let it talk for me I don't even talk money
I despise it, Isaac, Newton with the math
I be doin Ewing's, sweatin money like Im Jewish
While the [Pause for Sirens] is pursuin
They can't catch me I ain't movin
They can't stretch me I ain't losin
All this Pepsi I be movin, No Cola
Oprah buildin schools overseas
And wonder why we graduate and come back in a Rover deep

[Hook]

I say if this was 92' they would've beat yo ass
Nigga if this was 92'...

[Verse 3]

[4x]
Cocaine for eons, my rope chain like Neon
Im so paid with no shame, thanks dope game nigga we on

Call me Mr. Clark by the way that they all lean on
Moi, to get they high
It's in Demand, I got Supply
I'm the man that's not for pliers
Ralph Lauren, thats not [?]
Glah! (10x)