[Intro]
Fuck goin' on?

[Hook]
Aye, new day, same shit
When I'm down to a zip and my money don't flip
I'm hot, aye, but I tell you what I'm not
I ain't no quitter, motherfucker
Laugh now, but I want you to remember, motherfucker
I had a lot of diamonds dropped in that motherfucker
Two lobster tails, that's for dinner, motherfucker

[Bridge]
What the fuck is goin' on wit' this rap shit?
Look real funny, keep it real, do I chase the money?
Flows and shows turned into hoes and Os
A thousand dollars a day just on food and clothes

[Verse 1: Dom Kennedy]
And I had a application for the TSA
Now they say, 'Yeah, Dom K., he L.A.'
You could check my background and see the highlights
Twenty stories up, baby, get your mind right
I'm gettin' head on site, you just a bitter motherfucker
When the light hit, it look like Jigga, motherfucker
I'm from the West Coast where they hit up motherfuckers
Got me in the rap game gettin' rid of motherfuckers
What the fuck is goin' on with this rap shit?
Aye, what the fuck is goin' on with this rap shit?
Look, do these niggas want beef, do these niggas want peace?
All Eyez On Me, they tryna to get a motherfucker
Getting head while I drive, don't hit a motherfucker

[Verse 2: Dom Kennedy]
Got three joints rolled, weed good
All the tickets sold, we good
Been rappin' ten years and you broke
Can't even buy a house in the hood, motherfucker
And I got my son, momma, in the CLA
Now they say, 'Yeah, Dom K., he L.A.'
You could check the highlights and see how we do it
Nike tracksuit, make them hoes jog to us
I'm gettin' head on sight, you just a bitter motherfucker
Walk across the street and get wit' a motherfucker
I'm from the West Coast where they hit up motherfuckers
Got me in the rap game gettin' rid of motherfuckers
What the fuck is goin' on with this rap shit?
Feel me? What the fuck is goin' on with this rap shit?
Ay, do these niggas want beef, do these niggas want peace?
All Eyez On Me, they tryin' to get a motherfucker
Getting head while I drive, don't hit a motherfucker

[Outro]
'Til it's over, this OP 'til it's over
OPM 'til it's over, it's OPM 'til it's over