[Mizzle Talks]

Whats up world? Now that we got your attention, lets clear somethings up with this "cool" mentality. We're just doing our thing. We didn't say you had like it, just appreciate us as we appreciate those who do their thing. If you keep a positive attitude about your life and contribute to a world of Peace, Unity, and Progress, you gone be cool. Iight? Cool. This Mizzle, official LAX Paperboy remindin you to "Just Be Cool."

Dom

[Verse 1]

This sound like a curtain call, tell em bring the Oscar out
Get my Godfather on, tell em bring the pasta out
My niggas eatin good too, tell em bring the Lobster out
I got these bitches burnin up, tell em bring the doctor out
I'm clutch like Fisher, rollin up like Swishers
A over night celeb blowin up like Twista
Young like Carmelo, but I feel like Isiah
So fuck BET if them niggas don't want to play us
And fuck Interscope if them niggas don't want to pay us
But I might take that back if you niggas know what I'm sayin
Some old DJ Quik, you niggas know what I'm playin
It's Showtime baby you niggas know what I'm sayin
Let's Go

[Hook]
Where all my niggas at? Twisted in them fitted caps
I spit it just to get it, but
I get it just to give it back
It's Showtime niggas (What Up) [4x]

Where all my Ladies at Beamers and Mercedes black
You in this shit to win it, just remember I done gave you that
It's Showtime niggas (What Up)[4x]

[Verse 2]
Now I got my bounce back, time to pick the money up
Bitch I'm in the studio, ain't tryin to pick no Honey's up
You listenin to yo home girls, they hit you with that funny stuff
Tryin to have my baby now, I'm tryin to keep yo tummy tucked
Six pack shaped right, head like a snakebite
Curves like a new Benz, I'm tryin to hit them break lights
To make nights memorable, I'm hopin for an interview
And when it's all over, I'm just hopin I remember you
Cold like December you know I'm not into you
I know you heard "Bite Me" look you know I got interviews
Photo's and promo's, smilin like my logo
Shout out Crooks and Castles dog
But now I'm in this Polo
Lets Go

[Hook]

[Dom Talks]

Crenshaw and King... Be Cool
Arlington and Jefferson... Be Cool
South Central... Be Cool
Inglewood... Be Cool Ya'll
Compton... Be Cool
Watts... Be Cool
Leimert Park... Be Cool
The Whole West Side... Ya'll
Lets have a safe summer LA
I love ya'll
Gone