[Intro: T.I.]
Yeap, yeap
Okay, okay
Yeap, yeap
Okay, okay, okay

[Verse 1: T.I.]
I double cup my lean, while I penetratin' your ho
Shorty Im twice as raw as you seen
By far the coolest you know
Nigga you can ask anybody you know bout me they tell ya shawty gon' go
I been bout it, you know bout me shawty known for banging that four
Okay, I keep warrant no I.D., got a couple bad bitches by me
You can't be walkin .. with that two lead don't try me
Try lotto my auto cost two million euros
These hoes all on me like they think my manure gold
Okay these hoes be actin' up
These niggas be actin' tough
Hustle Gang, everybody got rap with us
Wanna see her I dont even gotta ask to fuck
See your chicken' my pimpin as soon as I walked in
She just asked me one question, she said do you like woman who really like woman?
I came with my friends and we comin' with you
Is you with it? I was just like

[Hook: T.I.]
Yeap, yeap
That right? That right?
Okay, okay, okay
Yeap, yeap
That right? That Right?
That right? That Right?
Okay okay okay

[Verse 2: B.o.B]
I pull up front about four doors
I'mma roll up blunts with about four O's
I'mma young nigga with an old soul
That's why these niggas all got my old flow
They get mad cause they hoes chose
I'mma slang that wood, I'mma throw that oak
I dont call her back, cause I dont owe that ho
I just ignore that bitch like I don't know that ho
Aye,did you know that?
Everyday is a Kodak
And they ain't know me till I went Pop
But I was gettin' money way before that
With your main bitch on my floor mat
When I'm finished with her here's your ho back
I told that bitch, don't act like you know I wouldn't call where your coat at?
Niggas is freezing Hustle Gang season
Goons on the payroll, looking for a reason to create some balance when she get uneven
So say what you mean and do no be misleading
Shit the fuck up when real niggas is speaking
Cause life is a game and you will be deleted
Nigga, you will be obsoleted
You will witness the rise of the Phoenix (gang)

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Young Dro]
Kill em in the Benz, kill em in the drop
Up my flow nigga hit em with the pop
Nigga I'mma rebel slash killer misionary
I be going fuckin' stupid, I'mma fuckin adversary
Backyard cemetary,where you wanna get buried?
Put you right next to the bitch named Mary
That's the last bitch I motherfuckin' strangle'd
She tried to set me up, so I hung her like a hanger
I'mma keep it real I'm a God damn singer
I can hit a note like Aretha damn Franklin
But I bet I still snap on a God damn banger
Nigga I'll work your bitch like a trainer
Hit it from the back, then tell bitch push up
Dick on the chin, yeah bitch chin up
Trick got bent up, pockets on fill up
If your sick of looking at a nigga bitch spit up
Forty-five grand on my motherfuckin' wrists
I like you ho, I finna blow that bitch a kiss
If she stick around, I'm a throw the bitch dick
If the bitch get smart, I dont throw the bitch shit
I like doing this, but I love doing that
Horse this label nigga need to get on my back
Nigga I'll run to the motherfuckin' end
Call me Joe Biscuit, I'mma win
Ain't gettin' paper, Trick come again
Bitch I'm inside you just like a sin
Ya'll nigga friendemy's ya'll ain't friends
Hustle Gang nigga we ain't never gon' bend

[Hook]

[Verse 4: Trae The Truth]
Yeah nigga money really long
Chopper down what the fuck you niggas really on?
Fuck nigga you can see I'm worth a million
Tell em my hustle be a minute before this milli gone
Truth got it on lock no keys on em
Push a nigga top back no breeze on em
Give a nigga the whole clip I squeeze on em
Ice game so cold I sneeze on em
Somebody kill before I make shit freeze on em
I don't talk about shit I put fees on em
They'll get and put another couple G's on em
Make em put them in the dirt grow trees on em
I'll throw a motherfuckin' fit
This two-door Phantom you ain't fuckin' with
Jump out like bitch who you fuckin with?
Not me, evidently you ain't fuckin shit
I'm gold in my zone can't nobody come save us
I'm turnt to the max, diamonds looking like Vegas
I ball like Durant, rep the west like the Lakers
I do this for real other niggas is fakers
Yeah, niggas better get they mind right
When they come to get money, nigga mine right
When its time to shine on em, I'mma shine bright
Jet black Audemars my time right

[Hook]