[Verse 1: A$AP Ferg]
Money, power, respect
Talking out of your neck
Did a deal with adidas, but all I want is the check
New level, the bezel I filled the front with baguettes
We don't even go out, because all I want is the sex
I'm telling the truth ain't even spending the loot
Still fucking all these bitches because they be calling me cute
Ain't even start tripping yet
Dreams of fucking an RNB bitch, and I ain't start picking yet
First Ima go after Madonna, cause I know she'll like Rihanna
Then we can go to Tijuana, puff marijuana
Puff in the back of the cabana
Or settle for a bitch up in a Honda
With a fat ass , no class just good mouth
I'll take her to my crib, I fucked a bitch in [??]
Yeah!
Ferg just walked in the party now
Getting new bucks, got the  diamonds and the Cartiers now
Yeah!
I pushed a rim and the rari now
All ya niggas salty like [??] now
All these niggas borrow style
Got mag, and I got to go to Maury's now


[DJ Self]
A$AP Ferg!
Salute that boy when you see him!
Harlem! You should be proud!
New York City!

[Verse 2 : A$AP Ferg]
I had to prematurely lose my Yamboughini
That lean and ketamine took my man out his beanie
I wish we could of worked out, eat a better zucchini
And trade in that big bottle of henny for the Fuji
I was Aladdin, he was a genie
I love his momma, I be sadden when she see me
Who would of knew that the party would end wrong
Who would of knew Fergie Ferg would sing a sad song
Who would of knew A$AP would come this far
Who would of knew Yams vision make us all stars
The fame and access will kill us all
You ever deal with a drug addict who was your boy?
Who, when you talk to him, he kept nodding off
I swear he sound like he was dying every time he snore
I got to talk about it, I have to get it off
Anybody with a problem with it, man you niggas soft



[DJ Self & A$AP Ferg]
Now check it out
You know what it is, A$AP Ferg in the building!
New York stand up, Harlem in the building
We on a new level
We on a new level!
You know what it is!
Check it out

[Verse 3: A$AP Ferg]
I paid the cost to be the boss, now I'm calling the shots
I was working on my craft, you was scoring with thots
Big Tymers, I'm getting Marty Baller to pop
Open up the floodgates, I'm taking all of my block
New regime , shits insane, crystal caine
See love tight with the pistol game
Talk shit out your mouth and lose your brain
And we don't give a fuck about that shit you claim
All this fake ass going around, its getting so bad
About to start fucking model bitches with no ass
Shout outs to the girls who loved me before cash
Fuck the fake ones, that get them so mad
We them great ones I think you know that
Killing ya rappers, better get them a toe tag
Hip-Hop savior, grills and a durag
I got Missy on the album, Ferg how you do that?
Sold out the garden, Ferg how you do that?
Worked with Madonna, Ferg how you do that?
I been a problem, been that before rap
Killing ya rappers, and I thought you knew that
I think I need my chain to swing more
Ice in my teeth to bling more
Bout to call Will, fuck you taking so long with my ring for
DJ Self I need my shit to play more