[Verse]
Yeah!
Whip, whip, whip time to show the diamonds dancing (Yeah!)
Diamonds in my mouth you see me talking lavish (Right!)
We was in the church we ain't have nobody (Yeah!)
We was in the sand and about that action (Uh!)
All my niggas in the field what ya wanna do? (Yeah!)
Work, work, work, know you niggas gettin murked (That's right)
Yammy was the worst when he was off the percs' (Yeah!)
Live it up for Yambroghini, now we gettin turnt (O!)
Niggarachi hit the gram with the snake pants (Yeah!)
Adidas deal got me looking like I break dance (Yeah!)
Ice bucket challenge on my chain dancing (Alright)
Rainbow wrapped around my wrist like a ace band (No!)

Whip, Whip, Whip time to show the diamonds dancing (Yeah!)
Diamonds in my mouth you see me talking lavish (Get down!)
We was in the church we ain't have nobody (Alright)
We was in the sand and about that action (No!)
All my niggas in the fed what ya wanna do? (Yeah!)
Work, work, work, know you niggas gettin murked (Right!)
Niggas is the worst when they off the syrup (O-o)
Rest in peace to poppa Ferg
We gonn' go berzerk (Oo!)
Please don't get me started I'm the king of Harlem (Ye-yeah!)
I'm the king of New York
My throne is in the garden (Alright)
I'm a baller, just signed a deal with starter (Ye-yeah!)
I hop from sister sister like my name is roger (Rawrr!)
Gotta get my credit up gotta get some houses (Yeah!)
I take my girl and cash out I buy her different blouses
Damn, I remember sleeping on 'em different couches (Yeah!)
And now I fly to places and I can't pronounce it (Rawr!)
Take the Henny bottle to the face and douse it (Rawr!)
Workin' at am lookin' stucky like I play for dolla's (Rawr!)
Foreign chick up in my crib she said my place a palace (Rawr!)
But I never noticed that because I'm chasin' dolla's (Rawr!)
Whip, Whip, Whip time to show the diamonds dancing (Ye-yeah!)
Diamonds in my mouth you see me talking lavish (Right!)
We was in the church we ain't have nobody
We was in the sand and about that action (Rawr!)
All my niggas in the field what ya wanna do? (Ye-yeah!)
Work, work, work, know you niggas gettin murked (Alright)
Put a nigga in my verge didn't he get murked (Ye-Yeah)
Rest in peace to poppa Ferg
We gonn' go berzerk (O!)