[Intro: Rich The Kid]
Yah, huh?
Woah
Motherfucker gon' pipe me up
Whoa

[Verse 1: Rich The KId]
I was cruising down the street, four deep (What?)
One choppa, three bitches on me (On me)
And that choppa might as well be a freak (grrat!)
Cause she bustin', fuck 12, I’m a G (12!)
Poppin' a pill, I’m off it
I spent a dub on an outfit (Huh?)
You niggas just rappin’, ain’t bout shit ('Bout shit)
You could get hit with the whole clip (grrat)
Anybody see my keys? (get!)
It ain’t nothin', put my wrist on freeze (Ice)
Love my choppa and my choppa love me (Love me)
They want Tay-K free (whoa)
Told my bitch she gotta leave, I got company (Bitch!)
Did the race, I had 12 tryna’ come for me (Huh?)
He ain’t never caught a case, he ain’t did the race (What?)
Too much cookie in the Wraith, I just want the face (the face)
Free my niggas facing a sentence
They call you a menace (A menace)
Ain’t seen some of my partners in a long minute (Rich!)

[Verse 2: Tay-K]
I was cruisin' down the street, four deep (Rug-Rat!)
Three bitches, one yoppa on me (buck, buck, buck!)
And the yoppa might as well be a fiend (well be a fiend)
'Cause it got two arms and some feet (two arms and some feet)
'Cause it wake up in the morning and it eat (grr)
I love my choppa and I think it love me (love me)
Prolly 'cause I let that bitch do what it please (skrt, skrt!)
Call a hitter, 'cause he gon shoot for free (yurr heard)
Let me hush, that’s between him and me
R.I.P. Eazy-E (gang!)
Niggas actin' like bitches, man these niggas act like fe's (lil' bitch)
Choppa with extensions (gang), pussy boy get on your knees
Money counter count it up, fffff, beep (gang, gang)
I don’t tote no choppa, bitch the choppa tote me (with my gang)
I might just pop ya, watch your talkin to me
Yoppa have him Blood walkin' on the scene
Yoppa have the blood poppin' out yo jeans
Boy you niggas love talking, yoppa's scream (talk dead)
Tote F&N Five-Seven but I'm 16
He think he hard, well, that choppa beat his meat (eugh)
My momma insane and my daddy OG (bang, bang)
So I’m insane, I don’t know what to think
I’m EBK, I’ll put anything to sleep
I love my choppa and her parents wanna meet

[Outro: Tay-K]
I love my choppa and I think she love me
I love my choppa and I think she love me
I love my choppa and I think she love me
I love my choppa and I think she love me
I love my choppa and I think she love me
I love my choppa and I think she love me
I love my choppa and I think she love me