[Intro: Harry Hudson]
So I dream in color
I found Eve sleeping with another
Take my hand, but don't pull me under

[Chorus: Harry Hudson]
Cause if I fall for you, it's gon' be trouble
And if I fall for you, there's gon' be trouble

[Verse 1: Jaden Smith]
Girl I'm wondering, I'm just wondering
Is it just me or would you
Do the same thing to another kid?
Girl, I understand if a heart is never broken
Where the hell the fun in it?
Got my shooters with me when I run in it
Would you relax, girl? We just taking pics
You know I run with the intelligence
Man I swear the city hate the melanin
Just how I hate the weapons that they sellin' 'em
And I don't care what they tellin' now
I be sonning jokers, I got hella kids
Fucking with the clique and you a skeleton
Put a case around my heart, Pelican
Got a couple secrets I don't tell my friends
Started walking slow and then I fell again
Like why, all these knives started falling from the sky?
Man, I’m doubting I’ll survive
Why you trying to turn me into your guy?
Baby, I'm just tryna catch your vibe

[Chorus: Harry Hudson]
Cause if I fall for you, it's gon' be trouble
And if I fall for you, there's gon' be trouble

[Verse 2: Jaden Smith]
Girl I'm wondering, I'm just wondering
Is it just me or would you do
The same thing to another kid?
Girl, I understand if a heart is never broken
Where the hell the fun in it?
Got my shooters with me when I run in it
Would you relax, girl? We just taking pics
So you know I hated our relationship
And girl you know I run with the intelligence
Swear the city hate the watermelon and the melanin
Girl, your heart is open so I fell in it
I'ma follow the rules then rebel again
As soon as I can get a whiff of freedom
All these girls you know I never need 'em
Huh, know you think I'm so conceited
My innocence will never be defeated
Huh, lately I'm running from demons
Been having trouble since I was a fetus (Jaden!)
My heart is tatted with description, my chest is hurting
Girl, I'm just a bishop, had a problem listening the father figures
Now I'm on a wave, hope that God is with us
But I've calmed, calmed down
Not as vicious, I'm just glad I got a kitchen pot to piss in
If I didn't, that would mean I blew my riches
Screw these other girls, girl I know I'm trippin'
Girl, you know I'm trippin' on you
I think you picked the wrong dude
All eyes on me, slippin', fall through it all
You don't know what I'm going through
The saddest shit is so true, that's why my soul is so blue

[Bridge: Jaden Smith & ¿Teo?]
Thy hair inspired God to make the breeze
Thy lips inspired God to make a man
And from his rib, an angel born as Eve
Formed into flesh and promised him her hand
Thy hair inspired God to make the breeze
Thy lips inspired God to make a man
And from his rib, an angel born as Eve
Formed into flesh and promised him her hand
Falling down, we falling down, we falling down
Falling down, we falling down, we falling down

[Outro]
(He falling down, he's so beautiful, he'll fall)
He doesn't know where he is, he's so confused
He won't wake up (why not?) He can't remember
Damn I forgot (she killed him)
He doesn't remember (he died before)
So where is she? (He doesn't remember)
(Can you hear me?) Yeah, I can
I've been sleeping (Come back to us)
(Where is he?) Right here (Syre, she loved you)
(Give us the album) Your wake up call's coming