[Intro: Tyler, The Creator as Dr. TC]
"Tyler, you... obviously have some fucking problems...
And, this is... this is the end of this session, let's... anything else you've gotta say?"

[Verse 1]
Mom is getting jealous, I see my manager more
Than I see her before I go on tour and it hurts (yeah)
I miss the days when this was fun, but now it turned into work
And getting legal, so I got to watch the shit that I blurt out (As you should, that shit's outrageous...)
My friends are turning into opposites
Because my life is turning into opposite of sloppy wrist
And all the bitches who forgot about me want to ride my dick
Harder than the white kids who copy shit
Ending it is all I fucking think about, that's the shit I think about
All alone, bawling 'til my motherfucking eyes bleed
See, he's a leader in person and smile, shit gets disgursting
When there's no person around, talking discussion shit, man, fuck
(I'm here to talk to you) I'm putting myself at a distance
For instance, my best friend is now my fucking assistant (Who, Travis?)
Niggas saying "Free Earl" without even knowin' him
See, they're missing a new album, I'm missing my only friend

[Interlude: Tyler, The Creator and Tyler, The Creator as Dr. TC]
You have everyone around you, with... thirty names a day?
I don't see what it is? I mean, you--not like you don't have anyone to talk to...
I'm here for you, I'm your friend
When I say Odd, y'all say Future
Odd... Uh-uh, nah, that shit's corny as fuck, fuck!
Tyler, you're doin' good. You have a cult following, you're-
To these white kids?
Oh, my gosh

[Verse 2]
Charbroiled nigga on these dark beats
Nauseous with the Nazi but it's normal what the cops see
Awesome at his concert, but he never had a pop, see
Mommy was a living single queen with a lat ti
So while my wallets piling with symbolic colored paper
I lace her, cause she gave me such a lot at such a young age
20, why didn't she get that abortion?
Probably cause that motherfuckin embryo was morphing
Into a Grammy-winning schizophrenic fucking orphan
Oops, I mean bastard, skinny-ass disaster
Mom works hard, still working on her masters
Son lies about taking classes at community college
Just to record some bullshit he calls Bastard
Start a fuckin cult, clash his talents in a brash way
Before he even had a mustache and cash
And all I got was a fucking shitty article in Thrasher

[Interlude: Tyler, The Creator and Tyler, The Creator as Dr. TC]
"Alright, just calm down"
"That ain’t shit, man"
"Now don’t, don’t, don’t make yourself seem guilty. That, that article was great"
"No, fuck that, nigga"
"You're beating yourself up and your living the fucking life right now, kid! When I was your age, I would have loved to be fucking doing the things that you're doing right now"
"Fuck that… fuck all this shit"
"You, you, you act like I’m not here"
"You're not"
"I'm exactly who you’re supposed to be talking to"
"You don’t fucking help me with shit
You don’t help me with shit, fuck!"
"Yeah, you get... that, that—who wouldn’t do that?"
"Fuck you! Fuck you!"
"Who wouldn’t, who wouldn't shoot their friend?"
"Old fucking fuck!"
"That’s fine, it’s not your fault"
"I killed my fucking friends... fuck!"
"I’m gonna need security in here, and, uh…"
"Fuck! I didn't fucking sign up for this shit!
I'm, I'm not fucking crazy—I'm a fucking table! I'm a fucking table!"
"Yes, come quick. He’s losing it"
"No, fuck this shit!"
"Tyler, calm down"

[Verse 3]
I'mma grab the Nina (No!) and find a nice arena
Cause I can’t even choose between Ortega or Sabrina (Get security in here.)
And I’m not even human, I’m a body shaped demon
With some semen in my sack and some problems in the back (Calm the fuck down!)
And a life that’s fill with crap, and a finger filled with hate
And a gat that’s filled with love, now let opposites attract
I can finally be one (No!) like a marriage in a church
But this marriage has a hearse and the parents of the one
That’s getting married has a curse and it’s made up inside of him
Too late to reimburse but, wait, it gets worse!
All the guests that’s in the church all decided to disperse (Tyler...)
So there was nobody who could stop the wedding with converse (You don't want to do this...)
So they tied the knot, now it’s too late to reverse
This arrangement (Yes, it is) and the nurse is amazed
At the hurt that he was painting (Calm the fuck down!)
But it was obvious in all the photos he was paining
Now a bunch of whispering immerse

[Outro: Tyler, The Creator, Tyler, The Creator as Nurse, (Security Guard), Dr. TC]
"Yeah, he's right there. Security's right there."
"Shit! No, get away from me."
"Get him."
And then the nurse blurts
("Come here.")
"What the fuck is his problem? Here, we have two doses to give him, here"
Why didn’t anybody ask him first?
("Get on the ground!") "Hold him down."
"I’ve been asking you this whole time, Tyler..."
"Get the fuck away from me! Get away from me!" ("Come here, motherfucker!")
Because nobody gave a fuck
"Get the fuck off of me..."
Someone gave a fuck Tyler
And, uh... the person that gave a fuck was me
See, you’re not, going crazy... it’s me. I’m your best friend, Tyler
I know everything, I know everything about you
You’ve been helping yourself this whole time. Your friends? They’re just figments of your imagination
Dr. TC... See Tyler, I’m your conscience
I’m Tron Cat, I’m Ace, I’m Wolf Haley, I’m... (Me)