[Verse 1: Jasper]
Chillin' in class with a bag full of grass
Lookin' for a white chick to smoke up and choke up
I even got that white sniff come over here and take a whiff
Now you ready to get raped and ate by Mr. Haley
Litter Life is the gang, it's that shit that we bang
Let's play an Odd game, it's called bitch you better run
When those Odd Wolves come out
And chew you up bitch like bubble gum
Jasper's off climbin' trees with that nazist you see
Never met a nigga like me because I'm an Oddsby
Opposite of them Cosby kids
Got that Virginia Tech swag, shoot up your school and laugh, bitch

[Hook]
Swag me out bitch
Wolf Gang!

[Verse 2: Left Brain]
Uh, Left Brain, Wolf Gang
Swag, me, the fuck, out
'fore you get punched in your fuckin' mouth
I'mma take your bitch back to my crib
You already know my dick is gon' be in ribs
Yeah, and I like barbecue
Fuckin' with me, I'm fuckin' with you
Uh, Wolf Gang, that's the fuckin' clique
If you got a problem bitch hop on this dick
Nigga I don't want you here
So get the fuck out 'fore shoot you like a deer
Swag me out, swag me out
I don't give a fuck, swag me out
Oh oh, where the fuckin' hoes?
Hoes hoes, where the fuckin' hoes?
Hoes hoes, where the fuckin' hoes?
Where the hoes?

[Verse 3: Tyler the Creator]
You faggots yap about tokin' kush
While I deal with drug dealers and they killed a whole bush
George inside the storage if you wanna take a look
But keep your motherfuckin' daughter's mouth shushed boy
Lookin' for them white sluts who good at suckin' cat
Wolf dick black as nigga riders from the fat black bitches
Odd Future Wolf Gang Kill Them All don't give a fuck
Loiter Squad, you know where the fuck we at
Earl and Berman swervin' in the Jeep
Me and Travis in the back squirtin' Jergens on her feet
What is that? Not a penis
What the fuck is extra meat? I don't know, ask Asia
Two nazi dykes shittin' in a synagogue
Cause that bitch lick balls from Western to Crenshaw
And her grandma suck dick down in Rimpau
And she masturbates with Vaseline and a Ken doll

[Hook]
Swag me out bitch
Wolf Gang!

[Verse 4: Hodgy Beats]
We cool like the breeze at the fuckin' beach
They told me to write a flow, I wrote a fuckin' speech
Odd Future Wolf Gang rolls fuckin' deep
Taylor Swift come around, we go fuckin' deep
She's our slut for weeks and she wash our sheets
Brush our teeth but don't make our beats
Tyler got the waffles, Devon covers bacon
2DopeBoyz got the beef, we serve filet mignon shakin'
Sour D's got me touchin' the moon
Rollin' up blunts the size of a fuckin' cocoon
Wolves roll together like some family raccoons
Tellin' you to eat an ass like a fuckin' baboon

[Hook]
Swag me out bitch
Wolf Gang!

[Verse 5: Earl Sweatshirt]
Swag me out, swag me out, Jasper get them faggots out
Snortin' coke, got the Pope yellin' who let the rabbits out
Kissin' whores and kissin' bunnies, put this horse dick in your tummy
I am on this track because that nigga Taco isn't funny

[Verse 6: Tyler, The Creator]
Me and Jesus in the Humvee, Ace and Mary gettin' comfy
Jeffrey Dahmer's in the bushes with R. Kelly tryna fuck me
Steve Harvey, Kenan Thompson's plottin' how to jump me
Well fuck Steve Harvey and fuck that vase

[Verse 7: Jack Mushroom]
Fucking Waterham
Hodgy's ass eat skills help eat all the Jam
Damn I'm like marmalam, marmalade

[Verse 8: Mike G]
Yo motherfuck 'em if they haters, bet I'll rain on their parade
I'm that ignorant motherfucker who took your daughter on a date
Dare her to answer the phone if you call her cause she's late
Black kid on the corner sellin' drugs go figure
Syd tha Kyd, what the fuck we doin'? (Flippin' bricks nigga!)

[Verse 9: Taco]
Fuck you listening to this Wolf Gang reserve
Driving with your bitch swagged Jasper
Don't give a fuck stealing your fucking purse
All I do is live verse, yeah nigga
Swag me the fuck out, Loiter Squad Bacon Boys
Nigga we take your girl, rape her in the back
Of the fucking Jeep, with Rob squirting her feet
With Jergens nigga, Ultra Healing

[Verse 10: Jasper]
Yeah we're swerving in the Jeep, while I'm rolling up the tree
Litter Life don't give a fuck, that's why we fucking up the trees
Wolf bandit and land it you niggas can't stand it
Chop a bitches head off and get a pleasant nut off, bitch

[Hook]
Swag me out bitch
Wolf Gang!