THE STATE OF TEXAS VS. TYLER GREGORY OKONMA

NAME: TYLER GREGORY OKONMA
OFFENSE NO. 14-0721336
OFFENSE DATE: 03-13-2014

THE STATE OF TEXAS
TO ANY PEACE OFFICER OF THE STATE OF TEXAS, GREETINGS
You are hereby Commanded to Arrest

TYLER GREGORY OKONMA B/M 3/6/91

If to be found in your County and bring him before me, Judge at the Municipal Court, Travis County, Texas, at my office in Austin, in said county, Instanter, then and there to answer the State of Texas for an offense against the laws of said State, to-wit:

RIOT - CLASS A MISDEMEANOR

Of which offense he is accused by the written complaint, under oath, of Detective W. LYONS 5936 filed before me

HEREIN FAIL NOT but of this writ make due return, showing how you have executed the same. Witness my official signature, this 13 the day of March, A.D. 2014

Bond $3500


AFFIDAVIT FOR WARRANT OF ARREST AND DETENTION

Your affiant is Austin Police Detective W. Lyons #5936 who is employed by the Austin Police Department and has approximately 7 years of law enforcement experience. Information contained in this affidavit was obtained from Officer Perez #6676 and Officer O'Farrell #5948 and contained in the Austin Police offense report 14-0721336

Officer Perez and Officer O'Farrell both stated to Det Lyons that they were assigned to a Unified Command Public Assembly Code Enforcement (PACE) Team for escort during SXSW events taking place in Downtown Austin, TX. The officers stated they were assigned to assist the PACE team with enforcing city code on occupants inside establishments for public safety reasons in the entertainment district

Officers stated to Det Lyons that the Pace team received a call for service at the Scoot Inn located at 1308 E 4th St due to a possible overcrowding. Officer Perez and O'Farrell stated to Det Lyons that they arrived on the scene with the Pace team and observed a large crowd. Officers stated the establishment was at capacity with 999 people inside. Officers stated to Det Lyons that the employees who were assigned to work the door for the Scoot Inn were allowing 1 person inside as 1 person exited the establishment. At this time, Officer Perez and O'Farrell walked inside of the establishment to check the area and observed the performer "TYLER THE CREATOR" onstage. The officers stated to Det Lyons that at that moment "TYLER THE CREATOR" yelled out to the large crowd of people waiting in line outside the building "ALL YALL OUTSIDE THE GATES YALL PUSH THROUGH." At that time, Officers Perez and O'Farrell stated the crowd waiting in line outside started to try and push the employees working the door out of the way, but hesitated. The officers also stated the employees working the door then immediately attempted to secure the doors and close them and that is when "TYLER THE CREATOR" yelled out again to the large crowd who were now becoming unruly and enraged "YALL PUSH THROUGH GET IN COME ON." At this time, the Officers stated they observed the large crowd push through the employees working the door which created an immediate danger of injury to persons. Officers then stated the performer "TYLER THE CREATOR" began apologizing then cursing at employees working the door before he exited the stage. Officers stated after the "riot" dispersed, they made contact with a bartender who is an employee of the Scoot Inn and he was identified as: Mylan, Thomas. Officers stated Thomas made a statement to them that during the "Riot" he held several people back so one girl who fell to the ground would not get trampled. Officers stated Thomas then told them that while he was trying to protect the girls who fell he was punched by an unknown male subject to the left side of his face which caused him pain. Officers stated they could not locate the suspect due to the large amount of people at the establishment. Officer Perez and O'Farrell stated they called for more officers to respond to the scene and that is when the crowd dispersed

In Sec 42.02 of the Penal "Riot" is listed as a Class B Misdemeanor. (F) an offense under this section is an offense of the same classification as any offense of a higher grade committed by anyone engaged in the riot of the offense was: (1) in furtherance of the purpose of the  assembly. In this caste the bartender: Mylan, Thomas who is an employee of the Scoot Inn was punched to the left side of his face which caused him pain. This constitutes an Assault W/Injury a Class A Misdemeanor offense. This enhances the Class B Classification of "Riot" to the higher grade Class A Misdemeanor. "TYLER THE CREATOR" was identified as: TYLER GREGORY OKONMA B/M 03/06/1991