[Produced by Kanye West]

[Intro: Tyler, the Creator & A$AP Rocky]
I'm not crazy, I'm a fuck.. oh shit!
Floopy goober, motherfucker, floopy fuckin' goober
Hey man god damn, hey bro
They ain't ready for what we 'bout to bring back!
They ain't ready for Tyler with the green hat!
They ain't ready for the Wang$ap, niggas!
Fuck is niggas talkin' 'bout, nigga?
Yo
We gon' die legends!

[Verse 1: Tyler, the Creator & A$AP Rocky]
I hope you stackin'
I hope you puttin' some money to the side
My nigga, and payin' your taxes (Yeah)
I hope you not incriminatin' you and your niggas
On songs if you're trappin'
I hope you dressin' yourself
And not followin' niggas opinions on fashion
I hope them cars that you drivin' ain't rented
Just to get some comments on 'Gram
Oh shit, they are, because you not the man
Low self-esteem, hide it in lean (Yeah)
Xan every meal
You fuckin' weak and you robbin' your plug? (Yeah)
You ain't got no plan, but I'm not here to judge
Cause apparently you're doin' your thing

[Pre-Verse: A$AP Rocky]
Talk your shit, Young Nigga!
Woo!

[Verse 2: Tyler the Creator & A$AP Rocky]
I know they see me
Your pants got a flood, a little bit Katrina
Oh you wearin' Vans and Supreme this season?
Stop lyin' to yourself, nigga, me the reason
Ahh! Right now nigga
Uh, right now
A little gooey with some nice sounds huh
This little groupie want the pipe now yeah
She eatin' coochie, kinda dyke now, uh
Got a new dirt bike, wow
And it match the go-kart, go skrrt now
Talk your shit!
I really want the La Ferrar', but shit (hmmm)
Can't you lower the price down?

[Bridge: A$AP Rocky & Tyler The creator]
Fuck right now
Ay ay
Fuck right now
Woo god (ayy, ayy)
Ay right now nigga
Go right now nigga
Bite that nigga
Right now

[Verse 3: Tyler, the Creator & A$AP Rocky]
Cause I'm not one (woo!)
When it come to a vision, they ain't got one (woo!)
Rolling Stone never gave me a cover so
Hmmm (god) So I shot one! (woo!)
I ain't do college (woo!) I said fuck them lessons (yeah)
I ain't join no gang, I said fuck them weapons (yeah)
Grabbed the keyboard, Clancy crossed my path (woo!)
Cashed my first check and said fuck depression, nigga
(Got this money!)
Nigga what you scared for? (woo!)
Everybody lean, everybody gang though (right)
Nigga you a new slave, I'm an old one
Thanks to Ben Yang, still walk around with chains on (right)
Like you ain't seen no shit like mine
You ain't seen no dick like mine
Nah, pause
Waddup

[Chorus: A$AP Rocky]
What the, what the fuck right now?
What the fuck right now? (Right now!)
What the fuck right now? (Golf Wang, nigga!)
What the fuck right now? (A$AP Gang, nigga!)
What the fuck right now?
What the fuck right now? (ay ay ay ay)
What the fuck right now?
What the fuck right now? (ay man)
(These niggas don't even understand! Goddamn, man!)

[Verse 4: Tyler, the Creator & A$AP Rocky]
Tell yo dickheads I'ma go nuts (woo)
Niggas told me to grow up (huh?!)
So I matured to a V10 (skrrt, skrrt)
I'm in a vacant lot doin' donuts (skrrt, skrrt)
There go my ego, Leggo my Eggo
Never sip syrup, shout my nigga Scooty
Y'all don't want beef, let us know he can eat that bread
Cause he pushin' that mayo, fuego (Ow!)
Respect when you see him
Boy, last album was a musical museum
Somethin' always lost with you niggas like Liam
Neeson, boy, you better run (yeah!)
Here I come, snortin' glitter, portrait pictures
I don't run with many cause their walk is bitter
Niggas mad at T, where the tall freckled white boys at?
Cause I don't fuck with niggas (woo!)
That's not my homie, that's not my woadies (yeah!)
That's not my team, nigga, they're benchwarmers (fuck'em!)
I am a stormer, I am a trooper (fuck'em!)
I am a Koopa, bring the losses now, you assume as I moved it
I run the business, I do not got time for niggas' opinions
They fuckin' stupid, don't need 'em, don't want 'em
I drop 'em, they're deadweight, them niggas useless
Neck heavy like mothafuckin' bad news (woo!)
Thanks to Ben Baller, walkin' with a hunchback
I got a new white one that I worked hard for
So the doors on my car doin' jump jacks (riiight)
My big bro Frankie got a Porsche (huh?!)
My little brother Taco got a Bimmer
If you see 'em around me, they eatin'
We all good, it's like FEMA, but of course

[Interlude: A$AP Rocky]
Get money, nigga! Get money!
All you funny lookin' niggas, back the fuck up!
Ayy, ayy, ayy, man

[Bridge: Tyler, the Creator]
I wanted to add this
I sit in room with a to do list
Proceed to do and play acoustics, you
Sit around and look at me feelin' foolish
Rollin' up and make excuses, fuckin' losers

[Outro: A$AP Rocky]
Fuck them niggas! Ayy man, ayy man!
Ayy I just got one mothafuckin' question
Why the fuck these niggas wanna look like me now?
Why the fuck these hoes wanna fuck a nigga like me now?
Why the fuck these niggas frontin' like niggas ain't been invented the swag they runnin' with?
Why the fuck is niggas actin' like niggas ain't the originators of this shit?
Man, I tell these niggas they can die and suck a dick!
How was that? Cool?