[Directed by Wolf Haley]

Tyler is shown in black and white sitting on a stool in an all white room. The camera shakes slightly, bringing Tyler in and out of focus.

Tyler begins to rap, miming the words as he says them. He lifts his hand up, and we see a Madagascar Cockroach climbing on his fingers. The cockroach climbs to his other hand, and Tyler stares at it intently as he raps.

It crawls over his hand, and then onto his other hand again. Tyler brings his hand up and looks down on the cockroach, and we see the word "Kill" written in sharpie on the back of his hand. We also see an upside-down cross drawn on his middle knuckle.

The cockroach climbs to the edge of his hand and it crawls onto his other hand, and Tyler stares at the camera.

Tyler brings the hand with the cockroach down, out of the view of the camera. He brings it back up in between his fingers and puts it in his mouth.

He chews, and the camera begins panning out, bringing Tyler in and out of focus. He makes a face of disgust, and stands up from the stool, heaving.

Tyler becomes a silhouette, and he throws up onto the floor. It takes a while, and then he wipes his mouth and spits onto the floor. He sits up on the stool and he comes back into focus.

He begins rapping again, pausing to spit on the ground again. The camera slowly pans in until the upper half of his body is showing. He begins unbuttoning his shirt.

He unbuttons his shirt all the way and then his gestures become very animated. He grabs his face in rage, showing that he is wearing a chain. He then takes his shirt off  all the way.

The camera zooms in to Tyler's face, with the image becoming extremely blurry and then in sharp focus. We see that Tyler's eyes are dark black, and then we see only Tyler's teeth, then his eyes again. Tyler gives the camera the middle finger.

Tyler begins to move around a lot, agitated, grabbing his chain. He becomes completely out of view at one point, then when he comes back into view, his nose begins to bleed. He wipes the blood off his top lip.

The camera zooms out, and a noose falls from the ceiling. Tyler grabs the noose and wraps it around his neck. He stands on the stool, and we only see his feet.

The stool falls over, and the legs begin thrashing, as Tyler hangs from the noose (out of view). His legs twitch as his legs swing back and forth.

The camera moves to see the stool on the ground and Tyler's feet dangling. The feet finally stop twitching, and they just sway around in a circle. The camera shifts in and out of focus. (Tyler is dead).