[Chorus]
My battery's low, but I hope my messages come through
'Cause I need answers from you
I need answers from you
I got questions for you
So why don't you got answers for me? (Oh na na na, oh na na na, oh yeah)
Have you ever lied?
It's a dumb question, baby girl, 'cause everybody lies
But did you lie with someone else, baby?
What you tryna do? Are you tryna hurt my ego?

[Verse 1]
Look you know it's actually on a hunnid
But babe, right now it's on a zero
I'm not gon' ask you was it worth it
'Cause I know I'm not perfect
We are young and you're still searching, and uncertain
My heart's been broken before
This a feeling I already know

[Pre-Chorus]
I just want the truth, it's just between me and you
They don't even know, they don't even have a clue
Confess, confess, girl, need to know facts
Confess and text me back, don't hold back

[Chorus]
My battery's low, but I hope my messages come through
'Cause I need answers from you
I, I need answers from you
I got questions for you (ooh)
So why don't you got answers for me? (ooh)
Have you ever lied? (Have you ever lied?)
It's a dumb question, baby girl, 'cause everybody lies
But did you lie with someone else, baby? (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
What you tryna do? Are you tryna hurt my ego? (What you tryna do? Ego)

[Verse 2]
Listen, you coulda said you want to see different people
Never knew that your love was so lethal
Shot, shot, shot, it's a shot, baby
Kept your secrets on the D-low
Low-key like a C-note
Oh, oh, no need for the long-talking, girl
I just want the truth
Face it, reality, there's no getting back with you

[Pre-Chorus]
Give me the truth, it's just between me and you
They don't even know, they don't even have a clue
Co-confess, confess, girl, need to know facts
Confess and text me back, don't hold back, oh, woah

[Chorus]
'Cause my battery's low, but I hope my messages come through
'Cause I need answers from you (I need answers from you)
I, I need answers from you (I need answers from you)
I got questions for you (I got questions for you)
So why don't you got answers for me?
Have you ever lied?
It's a dumb question, baby girl, 'cause everybody lies
But did you lie with someone else? Oh, woah

[Outro]
Someone else
You must have wanted someone else
My battery's on low and I hope my messages go through