[Intro]
Hitmaka!
Hol' Up

[Verse 1: Ty Dolla $ign]
You know I like it better when I’m faded (faded)
The way you push my buttons, Operator (oh yeah)
I know you got some others too but I'm your favorite (fav)
The henny, girl, it ain't nothin’ to play with (play)
Got in my feelss, I'm thrown off (thrown off)
I need something real so tell me, are you down for it?
I can't stand those jeans, they look better off (better off)
The brothas wasting time on me, better off yeah
Win in this game, don't you forfeit
Got some plans for you babes and you're all in now
Then having fun in a foreign (foreign)
But lately baby you been my focus

[Chorus: Jacquees & Ty Dolla $ign]
I need you, nothing else, nothing else (ooh yeah)
Only you, no one else, no one else
Are you, used? To myself, to myself
I don't need nobody else, nobody else
I need you, nothing else, nothing else
Only you, no one else, no one else
Are you, used? To myself, to myself
I don't need nobody else, nobody else
Nobody else

[Verse 2: Nick Cannon & Jacquees]
You know I like it better when I'm faded (faded)
You know I’m known for fucking all these ladies (ladies)
But you the one I impregnated (you da one)
So you having my baby, forever my lady
I love you like the 90’s but I'll do you like the 80’s
Fuck it from the back (Haa-ha) with no condom on em crazy (you crazy)
I love yo conversations, kinda like you hatian
Sak Pase, now who lay?
Baby, when in this game, don't you forfeit
Got some plans for you babe, say you want it now
I've been that rich nigga with bitches
But she bussin it open like gifts on Christmas

[Chorus: Jacquees & Ty Dolla $ign, Nick Cannon]
I need you, nothing else, nothing else (Yah)
Only you, no one else, no one else (Yeah. yeah)
Are you, used? To myself, to myself (Only you)
I don't need nobody else, (I don’t need nobody else)
I need you, nothing else, nothing else (nothing else)
Only you, no one else, no one else (no one else)
Are you, used? To myself, to myself (on myself)
I don't need nobody else, (I don't need nobody else)

[Outro: Jacquees & Ty Dolla $ign]
I need you (I need)
Only you (only you)
Are you, used? (Are you, used?)
I don't need nobody else, I don't need nobody else
I need you (nothing else)
Only you (no one else)
Are you, used? (on myself)
I don't need nobody else, (ooh)
Nobody else