Los Angeles, damn I love this town!
Sure feels good to be home!
Look, when you come to LA, you gonna see
The models cost money, but the hood racks are free
They're looking so good, I can't keep from cashing
I'm not drunk baby, but they're here for asking
They say "don't go to the park", I'm going anyway
I throw a real house party like I was getting played
And when this shit pops off, it happens everyday
Come to the green... I love LA!

Chorus:
Nothing on...
We're on the beaches on Sunday
Girl, ... I love LA
I love it, I love it, I love it
Man, I love LA!

Picture this, in this city we're deeper than be our best
..money to the ceiling is high, it's cannabis
We swallow of butter...
Like chicks with... lips and fast cars
Even though they like to make, love the stars
The close that I'mma get to prison is 16 bars
..the cops try to stop us and the car ain't ours
I'mma step on the pedal, blast them all
I'm driving, no liquor, rolling more thicker
Your car run fast, my car run quicker
When you count your money from six to eight figures
Better watch your back for these haters and gold diggers
Out here they call me Indian chief.. to go
Forget your man, he ain't gots to know
Isn't this great? your flight leaves at eight
My flight lands at nine in LA we unwind!

Chorus:
Nothing on...
We're on the beaches on Sunday
Girl, ... I love LA
I love it, I love it, I love it
Man, I love LA!

As a kid I used to think that life was straight
I used to hang up in the projects stay up late
Some people, they make money, do whatever it takes
And I was thinking I ain't even try to push nowhere
I learn real from fake, I learn stress from shame
It's a real thin line betweem love and hate
This is why I wake up early so I don't be late
For the opportunities and the choices I make
All the hood rap chicks like the niggas with cars
All the good damn pieces like rich rap stars
Every brother that I meet.. 16 bars
Over anybody's.. so they can get their start
I'm searching for better days, I'm working for better pay
I need to change my life or go back to my old ways
I remember taking it back in the old days
Life move slow, we listen to OGs
Smoke G late in night inside of the hallways
The girls who are fresh, who burns a finger..
High heels boots, clothes... to match
Top central girls make a real good catch
Only big balers attract broads with big faces
Big dogs take big trips to all places
Take the blue pill or get out of the Matrix
You know what's going down today
I love LA!

Chorus:
Nothing on...
We're on the beaches on Sunday
Girl, ... I love LA
I love it, I love it, I love it
Man, I love LA!