[Intro: F.E.R.N.]
Yeah
Social uh
Uh huh
Aye Khleo I see you
Flex I see you
D-Flow what it do?
Uh

[Sample: Sufjan Stevens' "Vesuvius"]
(Sufjan, follow your heart. Follow the flame, or fall on the floor)

[Verse 1: F.E.R.N.]
Uh, yo
From day one I remember my (day one) worth more than less em, my (sure do)
Pops told me that, left a dollar on my dresser
And them raps came to me like a basketball to Jordan (truth is)
I was putting words together and became someone important (Fernie)
Dreams in the back of my mind, real life in front of it
Cats tryna sell me dreams, B.S. tons of it (I remember)
I ain't gonna shovel it, I get from around them clowns
I'm for smaller government, transparency when I'm around
Uh, so get it clear like you see through it
They telling you you ain't gonna make it, here go theme music
Words from a man break me down: that's just real stupid (truth is)
Social Club, Khleo Thomas with that real music (tell 'em)
But it happens I know it there's don't be ashamed, stand strong in the pain
Follow your heart, trust God and don't be afraid
At the end of the day that's just words that they say
So condition yourself to be stronger than them (stronger than them)
I did it before I'mma do it again
Fernie Fern, I'm turned up times ten
Fernie

[Hook: Martymar]
Awww, The things that you say make me fade away (fade away), away (fade away), away (fade away), away (fade away). Ohhh
And I feel like I'm fading away (uh), away, away, away. (Awww) Ohhh
The way we fighting got me pushing away, away, away, away. Awww
But rescue me before we're fading away, away, away, away. Awww

[Verse 2: Martymar]
Uh
Follow my dreams a thousand M's
We got scars along the way, I'd rather die before I'm like them
Lost some family, I lost some friends
I lost my girl I never really had her
They tried to fix me with religion but it only made me badder, I
Never should've made it this far
Got kicked out, that was this scar
Could've sworn that I missed God, I mean did something happen that I did wrong
Like why? (Why?) I cover the pain with funny jokes
I say those things that they wouldn't know, I'm killing myself so it doesn't show
But I'm hurt inside (side)
You said those things that rip my heart apart (apart)
And I'm trying to keep it together but I'm falling apart (apart)
Yeah, I finally gave it to God
I should've did that in the beginning
But I didn't so I got lost and now I'm singing

[Hook: Martymar]
Awww, The things that you say make me fade away (fade away), away (fade away), away (fade away), away (fade away). Ohhh
And I feel like I'm fading away (uh), away, away, away. (Awww) Ohhh
The way we fighting got me pushing away, away, away, away. Awww
But rescue me before we're fading away, away, away, away. Awww

[Verse 3: Khleo Thomas]
I needed some time to clear my mind
Needed some space from all these lies
I'm feeling as if I'm alone in this world
Nobody gets it not even my girl
She's steady singing, tell me what's wrong
Why can't I see you, answer the phone
Where have you gone, you're not the same
The past few days I can tell you changed
I be like nah really you don't even know the half
Need to let it out but ain't giving you a chance
Rather keep it all inside self-loathing
Keep having dreams of me falling in the ocean
And I can't swim, I can't breathe
Can't think about the things that I need
God please I'm praying, God please I'm begging
God please, God please
Help me through these times, I'm going out my mind
I swear I'm singing evilness in all these people's eyes
I don't know if I can take it
Please give me the strength to make it
I'm looking in the mirror but don't know if I can face it, yeah
See, things change for the best, isn't that what they say
Live life no regrets, but kept the pain
Stored away inside me, I noticed people just like me
That I've fallen away, man ain't nothing the same
But who can I blame besides me?

[Hook]

[Sample: Sufjan Stevens] (x2)
(Sufjan, follow your heart. Follow the flame, or fall on the floor)

[Outro Sample: Sufjan Stevens]
(Vesuvius, are you a ghost or the symbols of light, or a fantasy host)