[Hook]
Just because I’m new here, doesn’t mean I’m lost
Doesn’t mean ill stop, doesn’t mean I’m lost
X2

Uh…
Say Wah?
Um…

[Verse 1]
I never backed down from a challenge or opponent
2010 was up for sale so I jumped up to own it
Everybody claim they were gonna lend a helping hand
Deep down they were worried bout' losing all their fans
Had they own light that they knew would get out shined
Treated like a stray dog, always left outside
Learn to survive, motivation worth of life’s
Vending through the music with everything I felt inside
I put it on the beat so everyone could really listen
Saying I’m ill, so my flows that sickening
Who woulda thought the lil' kid from the movies
Would make these rappers tighten up, flow is so loosely
Thought I was a threat that would never see the light, uh
Still making movies, see what happens when I touch the mic
Everybody’s chaotic, they saying Khleo got it
Black panther of these cats so I couldn’t easily be spotted

[Hook]
Just because I’m new here, doesn’t mean I’m lost
(I Ain’t Lost)
Doesn’t mean ill stop
(I won't stop)
Doesn’t mean I’m lost
(I ain’t lost at all … ha!)
X2

[Verse 2]
All eyes on me, wondering what ima do next
Well I look back at all the things I regret
Or will I drop the ball and handle it like Randy Jennings
Get into the rim, long as my pics get to sending
Prolly get get calls from everybody in my past
Congratulating me and tryna kiss my ass
Ain't tryna here that now im back and brand new
Put me on blast, I don’t give a damn about you
Wasn’t here when I needed you in the first place
You wanna be here, now shows that your fake
Give me 40 feet and about an ounce of space
Girls crying for me like been here with me
Next Will Smith all the way to the ears
Long road to ya dreams make sure that you steer
Advice from my peers, listen what I say
Pack a life cuz you’ll pick up more on the way … yeah

[Hook]
Just because I’m new here, doesn’t mean I’m lost
(I Ain’t Lost)
Doesn’t mean ill stop
(I won't stop)
Doesn’t mean I’m lost
(I ain’t lost at all … ha!)
X2

[Verse 3]
Im about mine, so don’t ever get it twisted
They saying this game has no space for rich kids
Yes they taking shots at me and my partner Diggy
Cuz we came with something new and not dope boys.. Really?
Always had my own style, never jocked from anyone
Haters make me laugh your, resemay should say comedian
Girls say im handsome, I grown up so well
Im smellin like Gucci, they draggin on my fox tail
Mohawk and pull foece, chain weigh a brick
Steal a woman heart, im the love man hit
I know what makes her tic, keep her lit like Vic
Upgrade to a pawn stop, dealing with a shrimp
Baby im the man, just in case you didn’t know
Drive all the chickens crazy, and pull ya lope dough
……………..
Didn’t know I speak French, text when you can Khleo!