[Intro: Dresta]
Yeah, something for you trick-ass niggas in '95
Ha, B.G. Knocc Out and Gangsta Dresta
Compton for life, fools

[Chorus: B.G. Knocc Out & Dresta]
Mic Check - 1,2 - What a nigga - gon' do
When the 165 Crew run upon you?
Yeah, you know you gon' bow down like a bitch
'Cause you niggas can't fuck with the 5 or the 6

[Verse 1: B.G. Knocc Out]
Rolling the CPT inside my G with my mask on
Ready to catch these busters slipping so that I can blast on
They ass for shooting my homie just the other fucking day, G
They fucked up, but fuck that, them niggas they gots to pay, G
I'm headed up to the spot where they be chilling, so now I'm dipping
Well, wouldn't you know, these niggas standing on the corner slipping
I bumped around the block and I hopped out my g so
I creeped and crawled, I crawled and creeped on my knees until I got close
They probably would have seen me if they wasn't so faded
Run upon the crowd, pulled out my gat and then I sprayed it
Niggas are running  and bailing until I watched a few drop black
Broke around the corner, took off my mask and then I hopped back
Into my G, escaped from the scene before I heard the sirens
Slapped on my bitch all from the way so I can collect all my ends
Took the g and dumped it but I had to dump the strap, too
It was my only chance so I did what I had to

[Chorus] (x2)
Mic Check - 1,2 - What a nigga - gon' do
When the 165 Crew run upon you?
Yeah, you know you gon' bow down like a bitch
'Cause you niggas can't fuck with the 5 or the 6

[Verse 2: Dresta]
Hey, I'm sick of going asleep, waking up to sweaty sheets
Stressing from the mess and all the pressures on the streets
I wanna pack my heat everywhere a nigga step
From the thoughts that have crept about death as I slept
Sheltering my madness, dreaming about mo' killing
And never seem to wake until I see some blood spilling
Dealing with the stuff's kinda rough on a young mind
Everybody dying from criminals to one-times
If we believe in everything that the Bible say
(Amen! Rejoice when people pass away)
Shit, we be partying everyday but I don't feel right
I feel angry and depressed
'Cause I'm dreaming about flesh being ripped from my chest
Down goes another nigga, down goes another
Respect to my brother, Rest In Peace Bam, I love ya
Man, it's a trip to see you gone and I'm alone
You would want me to carry on so I gots to be strong
If only I had knew or had a clue who really did that
I swear I’ll take this here gat and split that nigga’s wig back
I hate to see some niggas do some dirt to some kin of me
Fucking loc is finna be backtracking on my enemy
Niggas know what's happening
I rolling through your hood with my strap in my lap and
About to start blasting, you trick-ass niggas

[Chorus] (x2)
Mic Check - 1,2 - What a nigga - gon' do
When the 165 Crew run upon you?
Yeah, you know you gon' bow down like a bitch
'Cause you niggas can't fuck with the 5 or the 6

[Outro: B.G. Knocc Out & Dresta]
Mic Check – 1,2 – whatchu marks gon' do?
Mic Check –  1,2 – whatchu busters gon' do?
Mic Check – 1,2 – whatchu bitches gon' do?
Mic Check – 1,2 – whatchu you niggas gon' do?
Mic Check – 1,2 – whatchu you fools gon' do?
Mic Check – 1,2 – whatchu Dogg Pound gon' do?
Mic Check – 1,2 – whatchu you hoochies gon' do?
Mic Check – 1,2 – whatchu niggas wanna do?