[Intro: Dresta (B.G. Knocc Out)]
Knock knock! (who's there?)
Well it's the gang S-T-A-sta (the gangsta who?)

[Verse 1: Dresta]
Yo, it's your brother gangsta Dresta
Open up the door so I can flow and let 'em know
That me and B.G. Knocc is good to go to make the dough
That's my little brother, that's my dawg, that's my nigga
I'm the big brother 'cause I'm older and I'm bigger
Here to clock the ends and hit the skins on the daily
My little brother B.G. Knocc he drives the girlies crazy
Close like buddies but yo he mo' than my brother
We got two others and C. C. is our mother
Grew up in Compton and the booties on the west side
Used to live in the east side but we chose the best side
Had it kinda rough but that only made us tough
We don't take much stuff, we kick up 'nough dust
Trust no ho, or no man, shit can't even trust each other
And even though I love her, it's hard for me to trust my mother
And that's just the way we was raised back in the days
Me, myself and I from the cradle to the grave
Never had a daddy, damn right, I'm a bastard
Momma was my daddy because daddy wasn't a factor
Don't feel bad because I don't need a dad
It's like this, I can't miss what I never had

[Hook: Dresta (B.G. Knocc Out)]
So niggady-Knocc can you come and wreck the set? (Yes!)
So, won't you grab the microphone and flex next? (Yes!)

[Verse 2: B.G. Knocc Out]
Well it's the niggady Knocc ready to pop like a Glock
With my brother D-R-E and we back on the block
As these funky cluck hoes fuck all on the duck
But for now my time is taken, so bitch you gets naythin
Microphone check, hit the deck, if you can't take the heat
Original baby gangsta's straight from the street
With the beat that'll bump in the trunk of your shit
So nigga bump this and I bet you bump a bitch
With the quickness cos I'm quick to kick some dope shit
K-N-O-double C-O-U-T will always make a hit
And we'll never flip flop, always keep it hip hop
A nigga dissin' on my bro, watch him fall like a drip drop
From the faucet, show me the mic and watch me toss it
And kick some deranged shit to make you think I've lost it
Ah shit, I'm ready to rock I'm ready to roll and rock
So give a nigga some room before I tick and I tock
And explode like a bomb with the mic within my palm
Won't you take a walk with me through the Compton Vietnam
And let me show ya, fools much bolder
A busta is a punk compared to a fuckin soldier
Act like you know, I'm a pro with a hell of a flow
Kickidy K to the O, ain't no motherfuckin joke, so
Step to a loc and prepared to get smoked
By me and my motherfuckin big bro

[Hook: Dresta (B.G. Knocc Out)]
So Gangsta Dresta can you come and wreck the set? (Yes!)
So, won't you grab the microphone and flex next? (Yes!)

[Verse 3: Dresta]
Well here I am, once again it's the Dresta
Straight outta Compton, original baby gangsta
Quick to grab the microphone and come and start some conflict
Never seen a convict, come and drop the bomb shit
Take a good look because you're looking at a crook
My life done been took, right out of Donald Goines' book
See I did the crime so I did the time
But now I'm back out, packin my nine
Scoopin up girls with the swiftness
And if its possible to stick 'em with the quickness, I'm with this
I'll really don't need a girl but I do need a friend
To give me some love, slap on a glove hit the skins
Packin the ends, payin' the bills with my skills
Never hesitate to tell somebody how I feel
Me and my brother Knocc be doin damage in the 90's
I was down straight from '88 up to '93
That was like 5 years my little brother didn't have big bro
Around to help lead him down the right path
But I'm back out and we tighter than we've ever been
Tryin' to make some ends so we can go where we never been

[Hook: Dresta (B.G. Knocc Out)]
So niggady-Knocc can you come and wreck the set? (Yes!)
So, won't you grab the microphone and flex next? (Yes!)

[Verse 4: Dresta (B.G. Knocc Out)]
Me and my nigga Knocc Out
(We'll sock out a fool with no hesitation)
And split him up like segregation
(So when you stepping, you testing your luck)
Yeah, fool and with nutter get your ass fucked up
(So stay off the diznick, you little triznick)
Knoccie niznick hit his ass with the pipe
(Dre catch him with the right)
Yeah, I'm a dog but I don't bark

[B.G. Knocc Out / Dresta]
We take a punk nigga to a park, bust caps in the mark
Knocc and Dre here we go again, with the flow again
From the West Side, C-O-M-P-T-O-N
Compton, Compton is what niggas yelling
And hoes on my diznick every time we belling
Question after another, yo, we got the same mother
Bitch, so we real brothers