[Intro Dialogue: B.G. Knocc Out]
Yeah, I sit back and ask myself a question
Y'know what I'm saying?
Nigga, who's the G?
Is it him, is it him, is it me, is it me?

[Verse 1: B.G. Knocc Out]
Who's the G, is it him, him or me
I can tell you blind to the facts so you can not see
But you better recognize what's in front of your eyes
Putting the mash down on these bustas in 9-5
Nigga, Compton style, how you like me now
If you can't fade these bustas, then you better run the town
You thinks, when I was raised I was never taught to fight fair
Blew up and grew up to be your worst nightmare
Nigga I thought you knew that I wasn't the o-n-e
Been banging and giving up the hood since 83
Did my first drive by, when I was only 8
And when I turned 9, got in my first high speed chase
In the blew out rock, I had the cops on my jock
Cause I was popping shots at niggas on the next block
Mark ass niggas is kinda bad for my health
Next time you get a chance, ask yourself, nigga

[Hook: B.G. Knocc Out]
Nigga, who's the G?
The K-N-O-double C, O-U-T
So keep asking and I'mma keep blasting
Who's the G?
The K-N-O-double C, O-U-T
So keep asking and I'mma keep blasting
Who's the G?
The K-N-O-double C, O-U-T
So keep asking, and I'mma keep blasting
Nigga, who's the G?
The K-N-O-double C, O-U-T
So keep asking, and I'mma keep blasting

[Verse 2: B.G. Knocc Out]
Coming with that real, ain't no faking or shaking
Unlike these other punk motherfuckers perpetrating
Like they dogs and hogs and got the balls of a Trojan
But they get outta dodge when they see me rolling
Up they street got the heat sitting on the front seat
Niggas peep the B.G. and they begin to meet they fate
Getting ghost, cause they know that the gangsta be fucked with
Cause when it's time to ride, I'm tearing up shit
Making hits like the mob, quick to get the job done
A superb hoodlum, these thirds, like the good son
Come, come, watch a nigga get done, diddy, done
I told you, that you can't get none, you silly bum
Stay down, you can't deal with the real so chill
Take a look into the eyes of a nigga that kill
No I'm not from Illtown but I'm down, with Nutty
Next time you get the chance, you better ask somebody

[Hook (x4)]

[Verse 3: B.G. Knocc Out]
I'm like Cube, I act the foolwhen they tipping on the enemy
Homicide is my tendency when I'm drunk of that Hennessy
Niggas be all up on my set talking smack
All behind a niggas back but they don't wanna scrap
In the street, toe to toe, blow to blow, like some soldiers
Barehanded nigga and see who's standing when it's over
You too thin to win, I'm a check that chin
When I'm finished, you ain't never try to step again
Or even try to come near the gangsta Mack of the year
'Who this nigga think he is,' I'm that nigga who you fear
Beware of a loc who ain't takin no shit
And if you don't wanna get with you, you better stay of my dick
Nigga, I'm rolling thick and my click, got my back
Alert and on duty always ready to attack
And when you learn your lesson about stepping in my direction
Take time out and ask yourself one question

[Hook (til fade)]