[Intro]
Man! I don't understand it man
I just need you to answer this one question for me, nigga
Since you wanna keep emailing me and shit
Email me an answer to this question man
Why did you choose to fuck with me? Tell me that

[Verse]
Nigga you ain't Pac, you ain't got the crown at the top
You ain't got no stripes from around on the block
You ain't hard, niggas fall off, you ain't fall
How do you wear tattoo tears and walk no yard
I ain't got a clue, guess I gotta do what I do
And the world will see the truth by the time that I'm through
You want it static, I can give it to you, automatic
Tattoos don’t make you G, nigga, Bow Wow’s had it
You don’t want a problem with it, say you want a problem, get it
When they ask you ‘who was that that served you?’
Tell ‘em problem did it
'Cause I’m your problem now and I’m just getting warm
See, I’m a product of that Crip you tatted on you arm
How could you be a Blood? How the Bloods show you love?
You was a dove when you started banging
How they know you thug?
Compton niggas don’t know that, dude
Think he crazy, I got something for that fool
Kurt Cobain, this nigga wanna blow out his brains
Swear the stress of success would drive cowards insane
Want the title, the new thug-American Idol
Since he talking shit to me, I guess he is suicidal
Think he invincible, swear this nigga feeling himself
He a white boy talking ‘bout killing himself
Homie, you crazy couldn’t be a Compton baby
Wanting death, when his niggas tryna dodge it daily?
If a rider gotta fade you then this the G
With your fake-ass frown, like you Mr. T
I pity the fool that wanna start shit with Dresta
The Westside original Compton gangsta
You what it is, boy, I inspired your rapping
Want Compton to turn against me? They won’t fire the captain
They love me, and I ain’t even mainstream, nigga
Knew you was gay, just wish you would've came clean, nigga
That’s the worst, you should've took your time to rehearse
So when we did that song
You wouldn’t have had to change your verse
But, I feel you; It’s hard to try to follow a leader
If I was you, I wouldn’t wanna rap behind me neither
If I was mediocre, he ain’t a thug, he a joker
The way he treat his family, you would swear he was a smoker
Young, dumb nigga, want some? Come, nigga
Wanna threaten me, like they made one gun, nigga?
You’s a dumb-ass I ain’t playing game with your young ass
I’m on the lap, I ain’t got time for no gun stash
Being shot, that’s a cold thing to live through
I tell you what, apologize, and maybe I’ll forgive you