[Intro: Charlie Chaplin, from The Great Dictator]
"I'm sorry, but I don't want to be an emperor, that's not my business
I don't want to rule or conquer anyone. I shall like to help everyone if possible
The way of life could be free and beautiful, but we have lost the way."

[Verse 1]

I see them
Asian girls, who look like Asian girls
Asian guys who think about em, doing hammer curls
Entitlement is everything, trying to run the world
I am right, you are wrong, I am right, you are wrong

What is culture anyway
Take collective welfare, apply it to fashion, back straight
Whenever faced with thoughts that don’t exist, masochist
Mentally, breaking down your self esteem

And those wrists sport some cheap bangles, fake blonde hair tangled
Brown Jesus sandals you first saw on fucking Lookbook
You’ve never felt the fucking Earth shook
Never thought of waves pummeling your people’s nooks
No names, ever took to heart

You’re so very wrong
I know better from experience, all my sources credible
People tell me who I am, Parents tell me who I am
Trying to tell you who you are without your fucking permission
I’m an asshole
A fucking Asian asshole

"Don't give yourself to brutes!
Tell you what to do, what to think, and what to feel!
Machine men! With machine minds, and machine hearts!"

[Verse 2]

“ Yo, stop fuckin' jaywalking. Yelling in my ear, shit”
None of your stories matter, you don’t know bout fucking hardship
My church of God is not synonymous with yours, I’m fucking spiteful
Ideas that I’m helplessly branded with, that’s not me, I swear that’s not me

Don’t associate my love for palm trees, with a, thirst to be in Cali
Or my fucking taste in music with my background, irrelevant preference
I’m always straight forward man, the lines hold the message
Don’t read between them

I'm going to write till I’m dead, no matter who’s reading
I swear, swear I don’t give a fuck who’s reading

"Greed has poisoned mens souls
Barricaded the world with hatred."

If everyone is watchin', If everyone is talkin'
I fucking know that everybody gossips
And I’ll gladly hold the mic for cunts whispering bullshit softly

I fucking hate the bickering
Slates been licken clean of history
And this isn’t the best start, I swear
Swear there’s a better way

[Verse 3]

I know better from experience, all my sources credible
My brains got fucking tentacles, I’m stuck to what they all like
Kill mother Klondike, if God wanted a Klondike
Shoot my family on sight, if I could have just one bite of

Superiority, undisputed champ
Break the walls down, get my gold crown, miners need a lamp
And starving need nutrition and, rice needs farmers pickin' em
And rights to liberty do not mean shit if no one’s listening

And what’s your face got to do with it, plenty, every toddler’s doodle
Shows us any single man who is nothing new to us
He’s got, two arms and legs, scared of sharing space with
The person to his left, a hypocrite, Mister Stiff is

Loose when it comes to his own kind, that close-knit
Mind-set's, fucking with his chance to find a good fit
Inside a life he’s bound to fall in line with, but now he
Falls behind the pack with nothing to resemble legacy

Taunts towards his enemies, who don’t reciprocate the jealousy
Or hatred, he invented more anxiety than the devil did on day one
Every day is day one, till you, drop your guns down and
See your neighbor as a different product of the same creation

(I am right, you are wrong)
I can yap my bullshit, with an outlet and a microphone
(I am right, you are wrong)
Who gives a fuck, live your life
Take some time exhaling truth from your lungs
Use those ears with your tongue, son


[Chris Webber, from Open Court Season 2, Episode 6]

When I met Chuck, I knew I could make it into the league
I didn't play against him, I didn't do nothing, it was just the fact like, "Okay, this is what you look like?"

I take a doctor into a school and they meet a doctor and they say "Wow, what type of music do you listen to?"
And the doctor says, "Lil' Wayne."
And we're like, "You listen to... Like, I can be you?"

Or you tell a little kid "What do you want to be when you grow up? How many of you never want to wear a suit to work everyday? Well hey, here's Construction. Here's this, here's that. Here's Trade Schools"

We always put this big picture, "Hey, you could be," Naw!
How 'bout you can be a great man, love god, take care of your family, and be honorable in society, and this is how you do it. All of us got here through hard work, and I think that needs to be the story we tell these kids, because right now, microwave, immediate gratification
"I can get it tomorrow, I can just do this"
And the stories that you guys have that inspire me, you (points to Reggie Miller) accepted a Hall of Fame trophy and said "My sister, if it wasn't for you..." We gotta start with that! Can you actually say thank you to someone. Can you actually include who's been on your team
And those are the lessons along with everything else that you're saying, I agree, we need to let them know, cause they only see us high-fiving, they don't see Reggie, you know, Reggie saying if it weren't for you my sister I wouldn't have made it

[From the broadcast of the 1993 NCAA Championship Game]

He calls the timeout, he doesn't realize that Michigan's too many, so it will be a technical foul North Carolina shooting and the ball! A huge mental mistake!