[Audio Clip from "The Matrix"]
I know you're out there. I can feel you now
I know that you're afraid of us. You're afraid of change
I don't know the future. I didn't come here to tell you how this is going to end
I came here, to tell you how it's going to begin
I'm going to hang up this phone, and then I'm going to show these people what you
Don't want them to see. I'm going to show them a world without you. A world without
Rules and controls without borders or boundaries
A world where anything is possible
Where we go from there is a choice I leave to you

Ladies and gentlemen
You are now tuned into the sounds of Jay Electronica, yeah
Please remove all coins, chains, keys, and foreign objects from your pockets
We're gonna have a good time tonight, yeah, yeah, here we go

Everybody told me to be patient
But who was sleepin' from couch to couch
And basement to basement but Jay Man?
Satan trying to block my shine like Ray-Bans
Haters never wanna see you bubble
They'd rather to see you struggle
That's life, my nigga
A lot of fakers in the place
Were invited to taste
And told me right to my face, "Yeah that's tight my nigga
You reppin' that dirty south dog? Alright, my nigga!"
But they wouldn't lift a finger
To light the incent or let the smoke linger
I ain't a Hot Boy but the flows jalapeno
I'm never yappin' bout how the calico'll end ya
Magnolia crack soldier creepin' on the come up
My grandmother won't leave the fuckin' projects, I gotta raise the slum up
These nerds at record labels played me Dumb and Dumber
So I showed the industry my ass crack like a plumber
Now ASCAP bangin' on my door like a drummer
The Fall's 'bout to put a period on the Summer
But back to the point, They wanna see me fucked up
Kicks scuffed up Laying back with a joint
They said, "Good things come to those who wait..."
Well I don't know about that
And if you can't feel this rhyme then sorry, Jack
You don't know about rap
And if you don't know struggle you don't know about black
And I don't give a fuck what Bill Cosby said
Cause the problem gon' exist when Bill Cosby's dead
And I don't think the revelation from the supreme beings
Residing or hiding out in Bill Cosby's head
This is the thoughts of a soldier
And if you don't like it play dead and roll over
The game is so over
The reign is so over

[Hook: Tone Treasure]
He's so over, they call him Jay Electronica
What you say? I'm not in a... I'm just so high
Off this guy, he's so hot, he's so hot

He's so over, they call him Jay Electronica
What you say? I'm not in a... I'm just so high
Off this guy, he's so hot, he's so hot

What you say?
What you say?
What you say?
What you say?
What