[Intro: Michael Jackson and 60 Minutes' Ed Bradley]
Michael Jackson:
"Just because it's in print doesn't mean it's the Gospel
People write negative things because they feel that's what sells
Good news to them doesn't sell."

Edward Bradley: "How has it impacted you?
You know, touring, record sales..."

Jackson: "My record is number one all over the world
All over the world. America's the only one because
I don't want to say too much."

Bradley: "But it's not number one in the United States."
Jackson: "It's a conspiracy, yeah
I will never stop helping and loving people,the way Jesus said to
He said, continue to love, always love, bring on the children
Imitate the children. Not childish, but child-like."

[Verse: Jay Electronica]
It's the return of the black Moors with no fez
Scary like that documentary on Lisa Lopez
Pentagrams, pyramids, conspiracies with goat heads
Knock down the levees
Knock down the projects
Start another project
Build another object
A drive-thru touchscreen doctrine for me to digest
Just horses with our blinders on
Drivin' by the obvious
Ridin' by the obvious
Flyin' by the obvious (uh huh)
Regardless who you vote for
If the mind don't grow
And the poverty line don’t go
But the dope keep coming
And the tv keep flashing images of a sports car
Then you bound for a coke war
The meek get clowned by the coke law
The sheep get drowned in the folklore
Then lulled to sleep by Tom Brokaw
What a pity, the hope on a politician's tongue
Never ever trickles down the city
So if a nigga put a president's mask on
And run up in the bank with a Mac saying "gimme gimme!"
I ain't glad at him
But I ain't mad at him
(I ain't mad at him)
If anybody ask you who I be
Say a painter with a felt pen who drew Ali
I'm like Cassius when I blast molasses
Out the ass of the masses
From Fulton Street Mall to Gratiot
I'm handin out free at last kits
Yo, Jay, where ya staff at?
Green said you threw it
Yeah, I outgrew it
Some blogs said, “you blew it”
Nigga, fuck yo' blog
Jigga man said you can't knock the hustle, dog
I'm on the same launchin' pad that shot Russell off
That's why I stay dougie
That's why I stay dougie
That's why I stay dougie