[Intro: Big L, O.C.]
Uh! Uh! Uh! Yeah, yeah!
Now everybody bounce, come on bounce!
Everybody bounce, come on bounce!
Everybody bounce, come on bounce!
Come on, bounce! Check it out
Now pump your fist! Pump your fist like this! C'mon!
Pump your fist! Pump your fist like this! C'mon! C'mon!
Pump your fist! Pump your fist like this! Check it out!

[Verse 1: Big L]
Ayo, you better flee hops
Or get your head flown three blocks
L keep rappers' hearts pumpin' like Reeboks
Every year I gain clout and my name sprouts
Some niggas 'd still be virgins if crack never came out
I got the wild style, always been a foul child
My guns go boom boom, and yo' guns go pow pow
I'm known to have a hotty open, I keep the shotty smokin'
Front and get half the bones in your body broken
When it comes to gettin' nookie, not a rookie
Got girls that make that bitch Toni Braxton look like Whoopi
I run with sturdy cliques, I'm never hittin' dirty chicks
Got thirty five bodies nigga, don't make it thirty six
Step to this you're good as gone, everybody in the house
Come along, sing it on, come on!

[Hook: Kid Capri, Big L, O.C.]
So put it on Big L, put it on
C'mon put it on and on and on
C'mon put it on Big L, put it on
C'mon put it on, represent, put it on c'mon!

[Verse 2: Big L]
Nobody can take nothin' from Big L but a loss chief
The last punk who fronted got a mouth full of false teeth
Known to gas a hotty, blast a shotty
Got more cash than Gotti
You don't know? You better ask somebody
Big L is a crazy brother and I'm a lady lover
A smooth kid that'll run up in your baby mother
I push a slick Benz; known to hit skins /
Get ends and commit sins with sick friends
Cause I'm a money getter, also a honey hitter
You think you nice as me? Haha, you's a funny nigga
I flows, so one of my shows, wouldn't be clever to miss
I'm leavin competitors pissed
To tell you the truth, it gets no better than this
I'm catchin' wreck to the break of dawn /
Everybody in the house sing along, come on!

[Hook: Kid Capri, Big L, O.C.]
Yeah, so put it on Big L, put it on
C'mon put it on, big fella put it on and on
Put it on Big L, put it on
Represent and put it on, c'mon put it on…

[Adlib: Big L]
One more time, throw your hands up
Uh, throw your hands up, everybody
Change the verse, check it out

[Verse 3: Big L]
I keep the Teflon vest on, tattoo on my left arm
L the next don, wild like a ex-con
My life revolve around stars and hoes
Ridiculous icy jewels, crazy cars and clothes
Don't forget phat houses
I love the way this track bounces
Word, L fuck with kis, you fuck with half ounces
I want money like Trump got
I'm too lazy to work and never had a jump shot
So I got bricks from José, I sip rozay
This dick is not free anymore, I make them hoes pay
Bitches love us, cause we stay laced
When we rock, you should see they face
I motivate crowds like DJ Ace /
And I push a six with VA plates
Runnin' shit like a relay race

[Hook: Kid Capri]
So put it on Big L, put it on
C'mon put it on, big fella put it on and on
Big L, you gotta put it on and on
Put it on Big L, put it on and on

[Adlib: Big L]
A'yo, we came straight from NYC
All the way across seas for y'all
Sore throat and everything
And we still gon' put it on

[Shout Outs: Big L, (Kid Capri)]
A'yo Lord Finesse
(he be puttin' it on.)
My man Buckwild
(he be puttin' it on and on.)
My man Fat Joe
(he be puttin' it on.)
My man O.C
(yeah they be puttin' it on and on.)
My Man Ogee
(he be puttin' it on.)
My man Mr Dave
(yeah they be puttin' it on and on.)
All my peoples in London
(yeah I be puttin' it on.)
Of course Big L
(yeah we be puttin' it on and on…)

[Outro: Big L]
And I'm out…