[Intro: Kid Capri]
Uh, flavor in full and total control
It's the Kid Capri, by all means necessary
Big up to my man Showbiz and my man A.G., in full flair
I'm outta here

[Verse 1: A.G.]
Now this goes for those who thought I fell
But it's more to tell, 'cause them suckers are sort of jel
'Cause the Giant finally got his props
We can box, rhyme for knots and see who got the biggest Glocks
It don't matter 'cause I can withstand
I got no hair on my chest but take a guess, who's the man
I never fall and I never fell
Busting and crushing tall and all of y'all will just take an L
You think you're able to win? Huh...
You better chill 'cause you never will, you ain't, and you never been
You can't faze me so sit and praise me
When I'm finished slaying, y'all will be saying "A.G. is crazy"
That's how I like it, yea,h they fear me
Their face is scary, they know I'm coming but they can't hear me
I'm crushing all suckers that's coming up
The champ is me, see, it ain't no runner-ups
I'm catching wreck because I'm getting vexed
You can forget it if you think you're going to get it and rip it next
Yeah, whatever's clever (And like what?)
And like Heatwave, I'm slaying suckers always and forever
Letting you know that I'm still the man (Why's that?)
And killing all the riff raff in the silence of the lambs

[Interlude: Showbiz]
Showbiz and I silence the lambs
And my partner A.G., he gotta silence the lambs
I said my name is Showbiz, I silence the lambs
And my partner A.G., he gotta silence the lambs
And my name is Showbiz, I silence the lambs
And my partner A.G., he gotta silence the lambs
Said my name is Showbiz, I silence the lambs
And my partner A.G., he gotta silence the lambs

[Verse 2: A.G.]
Now who's stepping first, 'cause it's time for the second verse
You wanna withdrawal? Well, don't stall, 'cause it's getting worse
I gotta show off my stuff (Why is that?)
If it's a 40, I'll take a sip; a blunt, then I'll take a puff
I'm undisputed even when I'm budda'd
So act like Bo Jackson after surgery and don't do it
Yapping, diss A.G., it won't happen
While your jaws are japping, it's your girl I'll be tapping
Let ya bust a nut, guess what, now I'm flowing
Try to act wild, I'll pull your file 'cause your style is stolen
My crew said to catch wreck
Well, tell me why you wanna flex showing knowing that I'm going next?
Is it because I'm your idol, right?
Plus, I'm hitting harder than a champ in a heavyweight title fight
You tried to quote anything I wrote
You try to play me like a kid, I'll shove a doll straight down your throat
You see me coming, start ducking down
When I speak, you don't speak, so shhhh, don't make a sound, clown
You wanna go through hell? Well, it's swell
'Cause it ain't hard to tell that you're gonna take a big L

[Verse 3: Showbiz]
Rappers caught jel when I jumped on the scene
They said I was a rookie and my name was Charlie Sheen
Some talked about my concert, said that I was wack
20 percent of beats was in my house in stacks and stacks
If I was blind, I might break like a referee
So the next man can't see round two and three
It takes round one to get the job done
A lesson and a blessing, it's great to be Show, son
I don't talk tough, I'm not a tough guy
I'd rather buy a bean pie from a guy with a bow tie
Peace to F.O.I. 'cause they got the skills
To make brothers who act ill wanna chill
Wall to wall on the dance floor
I want to see your arms up even if you ain't sure
Before I kick styles that's legit (What you gotta do?)
You gotta cover the mic with tissue 'cause I talk much... (ooh)
I leave girls with a smile and the fellas real stunned
I make hard rocks split away and forget they had young guns
Here's a new rap list blowing rappers out the anus
If you weak and grab the mic I'll make you famous
So don't flip or I'll hush you like a kid in a crib
Damn, it's time to silence the lambs

[Outro: Showbiz]
Showbiz and I silence the lambs
To my partner A.G., he gotta silence the lambs
I said my name is Showbiz, I silence the lambs
And my partner A.G., he gotta silence the lambs
Said my name is Showbiz, I silence the lambs
And my partner A.G., he gotta silence the lambs
Said my name is Showbiz, I silence the lambs
And my partner A.G., he gotta silence the lambs