[Intro: Busta Rhymes (Curtis Mayfield)]
Yea, I know it's kinda cold outside
Bring your nasty ass inside
Play yourself a dark corner motherfucker, yea
(Eddie you should know better
Brother, you know you're wrong)

[Verse 1: Busta Rhymes (Rah Digga)]
Come on, can't stop, won't stop, rockin' for you niggas
Cause I rep the street like Johnnie Cochran for you niggas
And I, got a state gun cockin' for you niggas
(twenty-one) legal (gun) shots (poppin' for you niggas
And I, blow tones, more force than cyclones
Shit is on everytime I catch a Ron Jones
Thug bitch, rock boots and hoops with rhinestones)
Got the (key) to the (city and) run the crime zone
Now come on, take something, shake something, break something
Stop, close your shop, you niggas ain't sayin' nothin'
Niggas be frontin' and knowin' they ain't really weighin' nothin'
Betta (stop) 'fore we (pop) and really (get to sprayin' something)
Flood it up (whip it up) smoke it up (blooded up
Niggas straight tryin' to brake, I tell 'em shut it up
I spit the ill for real, ain't nothin' buttered up)
Flipmode (doin' it) everybody (love it up)

[Hook]
East coast, what up? West coast, what up?
Midwest, what up? Dirty South, what up?
All my chickenheads, put it in your mouth
It's Flipmode, better stay up in your house
All my thugs, what up? Thug bitches, what up?
Street niggas, what up? Stack riches, no doubt
We got the block locked take another route
It's Flipmode, better stay up in your house
My niggas HOOK

[Verse 2: Busta Rhymes (Rah Digga)]
(Dirtiest, wordiest, Jersey it's
Wetter than a mile, I stalk like pedophiles
Nobody gets saved when I bless the child
Gettin') eight (like) snapper (you too fessed to vow)
Hold up (run on) get up (come on)
Ahhooo! And put every single nigga where I'm from on
(Bitches) all in the (spot) go head (and get your) fun on
(Niggas keepin' it) movin' (go head) and get your (thug on)
What on (earth possesed y'all to try a lil')
Drunk (lil') high (Big heads in the sky
Make) niggas (straight) cry (without Mo' and Dry
Take it down) homeboy (got bigger fish to fry
Fuck that) other nigga (Rush that) sucker nigga
Niggas love the way we sound up on another Digga
(Hot D) but I got another younger brother bigger
(Digga) pass me the Henny so I can take another swigger

(Chorus)

[Verse 3: Busta Rhymes (Rah Digga)]
(Switch it up like Ak-Nel while you hit a dry spell
Cats like you get no reply on the Skytel)
Hate y'all (raps like Eminem hate Britney)
Bonafide (MC) who (fuckin' with me?)
Top niggas better give props nigga
('Fore you get dropped) fuck around and get your shit popped nigga
Flip-flop niggas, you could (really get your shit mopped)
Or left to lay up in a pit stop nigga
(Spillin' it) feelin' it (killin' it) come on!
(The hardest MC don't want flex no more)
Make it hot (everytime I rock, rest assured
Shit'll have that) who could rock (the raw best award, nigga)
Look it up (cook it up) shook it up (book it up)
When we (rock) you shouldn't watch (promoters) nook it up
(Raise the level a little) you know (my niggas) took it up
(In and outta big) figgas while me and (Digga) cook it up

[Hook]