'Cause I just wanna love you, baby
I don't wanna waste no time
Wanna be your only one, baby
Please don't break my heart

Ladies and gentleman, rock the house...
Let’s, let’s rock the house in...
Let me see you get a drink tonight, come on!
Let me see you look fresh tonight, come on!
I hear you look good, I know you feel good
I think you look good, I think you look good
Come on! Rock, rock on!
And I rock, rock, rock on!

Jadakiss:

You ain’t gotta waste no time
Let’s get to it!
When everything ain’t no fine
Let’s get through it!
Red wine, and bed time, let’s get foolish
Brunch or ocean and mall, let’s get scoolish!
Yeah, art gallery trips
The street money makes u for the salary debts!
But you can’t rush me, and how you gonna love me
If you can’t trust me?
In this industry I’m in the cut lane
I’m just saying, dinner with the man, with the violin playing
Rolling around in sand with no covers
Yeah, the only one in the picture, no others!
But you don’t realize that you’re stubborn
None of your friends notice they know...
No hero and lay your part
Understand that I ain’t trying to break your heart!

Chorus:
When it’s three o’clock in the morning
I know my buddy is calling!
Pick up the phone!
I want you to come over, help me baby!
Baby don’t break my, break my, break my
Please don’t break my

Busta Rhymes:

Baby girl is a pleasure to really meet you
Waiters bring the Rose and glasses for two people
Beautiful complexion, body of a model
Come ... waiting on the arrival of a bottle!
Come on!
Maybe as you speak you fill my wisdom in your system
Probably you’re stylish and...
You know I got what you really need to connect to
..my reflection, and I never disrespect you
I value every moment, knowing that you would respect that
Never waste your time, cause it’s something I never give back!
We need to.. something else to get into
Like a .. let me take you to places you never been to
The French Caribbean and beautiful places like ...
You put your trust in me and I ain’t never try to shake ...
Cause I ain’t never try to break it!

Chorus:
When it’s three o’clock in the morning
I know my buddy is calling!
I want you to come over, help me baby!
Baby don’t break my, break my, break my
Please don’t break my

Will you make it freeze... degrees?
Sweating while I’m laying here and you can’t even see!
Baby you can see it, why you wanna...
Kissing every way, touching on my knees
Be my buddy hero, thirty one year old
I’m a grown won, even though I don’t...
So you’re a thing or two, or you could show me freedom
My mind says show me! What you’re here for?
Take me to the bed, the kitchen, or the sofa
You feel this is.. when it’s over
I’m a bad gal, bad gal, cat woman
Pam, pam, pam, come on over!
We like to party, yeah we like to party,...
The night you fell in love and...

Chorus:
Three o’clock in the morning
(I love it!)
I know my buddy is calling!
(I said I love it!)
I want you to come over, help me baby!
Baby don’t break my, break my, break my
Please don’t break my