Yo, yo, yo, yo...
Young Mula
Ain't nothin' more important than the mula
Ain't nothin' more important than the mula
Hallelujah, hallelujah, praise God, hallelujah
Every time I talk I got these niggas sayin' "damn, he nice"
"Oh shit! Can't believe it! Motherf*ck! Jesus Christ!"
So many blocks of diamonds shinin' on me like a big piece of ice
Cook that coke up for the hood like a nigga got a pot full of peas and rice
Yeah...
You see we off to the future
I don't mingle with broke niggas 'cause I don't talk to losers
Okay - yeah, I know - you niggas heard them rumors
It's official (Conglomerate) Cash Money, Young Mula
Pop a bottle, pour liquor on the floor
Pop a molly, then I f*ck a couple hoes
Pop a band, see all this money on my soul
And I will pop you band in case a nigga didn't know
Ain't nothin' more important than the mula
See how I swag on a bitch like it's nothin', dippity doo da!
Nothin' more important than the mula
All the Spanish bitches call me Papi Chula
Stay on deck, I always got the Ruger
Face shot make 'em look like Freddy Kruger
Mercy - please lord, show me mercy
I was faded off the molly when I f*cked that bitch raw
Please let her not have herpes
'Cause I swear if a bitch ever burn me
I'm a shoot a hoe down like Worthy
These niggas walk around with they mouth
Pants on some 300 shit lookin' like Xerxes
Real Gs over here, that trill shit
You girl asked me, did I use a steel dick?
Naw hoe - that's that third leg 9 flow
I be on that pimp shit like Chicago
And a nigga flip cane like Pablo
And y'all niggas look like 5-0
Askin' 'bout all my slimes, yo
'Cause we booked a team, but homie for the green
We put nines on niggas like Rondo
'Glomerate, YMC, yo, bombin' shit
Big Bs to the Billy Badass niggas that be on that Tony Montana shit
Ain't nothin' more important than the dollar bill
I'm goin' hard and I go harder once I got a 'mil
This white girl just popped a pill and told me "cop a feel"
Okay, this road to riches, come with a lot thrills!
My flow is cold, bitch, I just caught a chill
I mean my flow is hot like it's on the grill
You m'f*ckas better know the drill
A lot of niggas rappin', but none of them is real
Shows, clothes, dough, yeah, I get all the above
The DJ spinnin' all my shit when I walk in the club
A thousand beehives, I got a bigger buzz
Yeah, I'm addicted to the mula, I can't get enough!
Where my real niggas that's gon' ride for me?
Where my fine freaks that's gon' ride for me?
Where my real niggas that's gon' ride for me?
Where my fine freaks that's gon' ride for me?