[Intro: Busta Rhymes]
Ai-ya-ya-yio...
Busta Rhymes ya gotsa be the sure shot
Flipmode ya gotsa be the sure shot
Aftermath ya gotsa be the sure shot
My live niggas y'know; who be the sure shot?
Live bitches y'know; who be the sure shot?
Shhhiiieeettt...

[Verse 1]
I'm back in ya soul just like a minister
I'm big like a movie, I'm on the screen and at the cinema
While I'm in the process of slowly gettin rid of ya
I'm bag a couple bitches, and then I throw 'em in my videa
Yeah, yeah, the God of the block
Y'know me killa had you spreadin' the spot wet and twist it like Olivia
Oh shit, flow so sicker than Chlamydia
We know you a slouch duke, we don't even consider ya
Boss nigga, see or hear me in ya area
The more niggas, the murders, the more the money, the more the merrier
Smash shit 'til everything become mass hysteria
Hungry for street shit, see I be takin care of ya check nigga
Fuck all the talk, homey I'm daring ya
The lead from the shot'll poison ya blood like malaria
Maybach Excelero exotic
Worm skin interior, my swagger to my bitch to my money
It's all superior

[Hook: Busta Rhymes]
When we in the spot y'know that we sure to shine (to shine)
It's all so holy and so divine
Analyze niggas 'til we can read ya mind
Sometimes a real live nigga is hard to find
We like, "drugs overdose niggas every time"
(Cocaina baby, cocaina baby, cocaina baby, cocaina baby)
(Cocaina baby, cocaina baby, cocaina baby, cocaina baby)
We like, "drugs overdose niggas every time"
(Cocaina baby, cocaina baby)

[Verse 2]
Yo, I'm tired of tellin ya
Back on my bullshit, fuckin put a shell in ya
Gangster niggas respect it, salute me on the regular
When it comes to the street shit, define me as the emperor
Check it my nigga.. most of you muhfuckers amateur
I muster the nigga quick and damage any challenger
But now y'know, "Oh a nigga flow so spectacular"
Break niggas down and handle you muhfuckin characters
Captain of this shit but most of you niggas is passengers
I'm takin it back to the hood, like '87 Maximas
Yeah, yeah y'know who the truth, no need for askin the, same question again
To get the same answer bruh, fasten ya seatbelt
Bitches fuck wit the bachelor
Wit' money like a thousand coke deals from here to Panama
Strike like a brightness, a light.. I'm here to dazzle ya
Whole hood from the boroughs, to the niggas up in Attica
Soldiers in the streets, the Middle East, way down to Canada
When it comes to the block, y'know I'm the ambassador
Follow nobody's footsteps, but said it like a scavenger
Wanna talk money bitch!? Then holla at my manager
The way y'all niggas is trash, my crew'll get to blasting ya
Twelve shot clip, hollow tips, quick to plaster ya
All over the cement, spread ya like I'm mashing
Everything, Bus-a-Bus date... but check ya fuckin calendar!

[Hook]

[Outro: Marsha & Busta Rhymes]
So.. high..
Take me all the waaayyy, where you are (cocaina baby, cocaina baby, cocaina baby)
I really want to beeee, take me now
Take us far awaayyy, to the skkkyyy (cocaina baby, cocaina baby, cocaina baby)
I really want to beeee, so.. high