[Hook]
Feel my pain, make the whole world cry
(Make the whole world cry!)
Cry (Make the whole world cry!)
Hands up (Now, put your motherfucking hands up!)
C'mon! Feel my pain and make the whole world CRY!
Stand up (Stand up, my niggas! Listen!)

[Verse 1]
Behold one of the greatest
Every time I touch microphones, I conspire to kill you, like Bilderberg or the Skull and Bones
Illuminati and all of the secret societies
Listen while I speak and organize all my priorities
Take a look at the environment, shit's looking strange
And how the living condition for a lot of people been chaingin'
The way we been so obsessed and possessed to just talk crime
It's funny how niggas ain't dropped a jewel in a long time
Dig in your law, find, Stop acting like y'all blind
They put it in our face, but y'all ain't reading between the lines
I don't need a psychiatrist, I'm focusing, fuck a shrink
We take so much shit for granted, shit is deeper than what we think
Certain people thing I'm wrong and probably think that I'm off, maybe
Because when we talk like this, they make us look like we fuckin' crazy
But that's alright, if you keep listening, it might clear your sight
And your vision and you'll start thinking 'Hey, what if this nigga's right?'
They [?] all my being, never needing permission
They control us through our own hustle and through our religion
The attention span is short, that's the way we conditioned
See, that control is what's having us lose control of our children
Some things I never understand, no matter how hard I try
If I behave and go to heaven and see God when I die
While they always used to tell me that [?]
When no one came back from death to say if it was truth or was lies
Thus, I always strive for perfection, I might make a wrong step
I think 'What type of person could create such a concept?'
Them extending the powers that people go is tremendous
They'll even use all of the faith that we have for God right against us
Same mu'fukas got us thinking 'We're all equal'
No we're not, they try to put the fear of God in my people!
There's no NEED to fear God, look in the mirror and see
I have been blessed, so I'm POSITIVE that God loves me!
Tried to oppress us and kill us and treat us like we they trash
'Casue I'm god-like, so they put they fear of God right back in they ass
To strive to conquer our inner demons, trying to stop the war within
The Devil always been trying to confuse us 'bout our origin
Sitting, thinking 'bout shit I've always pondered ever since realizing I'm somebody's nigga
Courtesy [?] , that's why we tripping and falling and covering our face too
Not even knowing where my blood even trace back to
But I always give in to [?] and misleaders
Is it cause my blood might trace to possibly being a descendant of Jesus?
I know who they fear the most! I hope you're listening clear!
The truth is I'm god-like and our nature is different from theirs
I hope the praying that I do sometime will serve in this purpose
I pray at home because I feel I'm running out of places to worship
When I used to go to church in the name of God as a [?]
And leave they kids in church to finally getting fucked by the preacher

[Outro]
(Make it stop! Make it stop! Make it stop..)
It's okay, shh. What are we gonna do?