[Intro]
Busta Rhymes, 2000
We got the fire now
Come on!

[Verse 1]
Hey, come on, hey, whether it's for more or less
You best believe Busta Rhymes, more flavor than all the rest
From all the mess, hardcoreness from all the stress
Gotsta get this flawless flow from off my chest
Who's responsible for the impossible flow?
Ain't a thing in the world that ain't copable, so, so
I make you anticipate great
Type shit real live niggas appreciate
To the utmost I pack toast, keep the gat close
Run niggas to the island of Patmos
After the gun burst, quench my blood thirst
We will be leavin' you much worse in one hearse
Yo, now we embellish, fuck the jealous
And embark on niggas, now what you gon' tell us?
Skydiver, short circuit just like a live wire
And give it to niggas because we got the FIRE!

[Chorus]
All my people in the place (Iyyiiiyyiiiiyyiiiiyyiiiii)
Just put your hands up in the air
And while we blow the spot and keep it hot
You got that FIRE!
Jump, shake, bounce when we come to you turn you out
It's Flipmode Squad that keeps on right your rightest place
We got that FIRE!

[Verse 2]
Ayo, rock until I'm gone
'Til the party's over and they start turnin' the lights on
Type of shit, my entire whole crew be on
Leave the bullshit, so keep movin' on
No, I ain't havin' it
While you grabbin' it, my flow is immaculate
Passionate when it comes to the fire that you have to get
Then I tackle it and kill like the jackal and gaffle it
Rob niggas and give it to the church so they can raffle it
Now you can't distinguish how
I relinquish flow in broken English
Witness how we stay hot and how we keep it scorchin'
Women flossin' blow the spot often
(WHAT) niggas say (WHAT) you need to calculate
Re-evaluate your shit talk 'fore we retaliate
Marinate, when I used to hustle and carry weight
And bust up niggas like you would have flee the state
Hits for niggas like y'all, I hits for only when it counts
Black on the set and make motherfuckers bounce
Connected the raw types of shit
To make your bitch bug and make niggas pull out quick
Y'all niggas wack, yo; I stack dough, and pack a rap show
And then let all of my niggas in the back door
And let the spot short circuit just like a live wire
And give it the niggas because we got the FIRE!

[Chorus]
All my people in the place (Iyyiiiyyiiiiyyiiiiyyiiiii)
Just put your hands up in the air
And while we blow the spot and keep it hot
You got that FIRE!
Jump, shake, bounce when we come to you turn you out
It's Flipmode Squad that keeps on right your rightest place
We got that FIRE!

FIRE!