[Intro: Mike Epps]
Yeah, they call me P-Shake, I'm a number runner
And I just wanna let you know I'm getting that Arab Money
I'm getting that Chinese money
I'm getting that motherfucking British Columbia money
Nigga basically what I'm saying, your dollar ain't shit!
You feel me? And bullshit ain't nothing but chewed up grass
And that's a big black ball that come out of a cow's ass
So the next time you see that annointed bitch you know
Bend her, spin her, and go up in her, and let her know
Bitch, there is no dinner
These are the reasons and these are the numbers that I got for ya
And it's 13.. 20.. 27.. 38
25, 27, 13, 20, 27th, 38's
Doo doo do do dooooooo

[Hook 2X: Mike Epps]
I'm a go and get my *25* over on *27*
Be back in *13* minutes or even *20*
Be back with *27* niggas with them *38's*
Doo doo do do dooooooo

[Verse 1: Busta Rhymes]
See there was this situation with a couple niggas I was peeping
The way they was moving analyzing the shit they was doing in the club Grilling and screwing they faces up
Front like they chilling and moved a couple paces up, playing me close
But I'm saying we most...ly be in a spot
Celebrating something and probably making a toast
Party till we probably shaking the coast
And hardly ever start a problem unless you gotta
I'm sayin we supposed to be enjoying ourself nigga
Cause we entrepreneurs and gwop connoisseurs employing ourself nigga
Exploiting my wealth with the company I'm keeping
Until a hater came and got to annointing himself to be
The one to come in it, and had a couple dudes to support him
Acting all extra like he had the thing on him
Then after we finish beating on him, now he know we ain't playing
That's when he walked away saying

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Busta Rhymes]
Shit is really bug to me how some of these niggas they be coming
And setting theyself up till you hit them and getting theyself up
In these altercations they don't really be needing
Until it's too late, then they realize that a body part is bleeding
Instead of being out and enjoying the people
They be acting all tough, yapping and bluffing instead of being peaceful
These partially thugs be spreading like cancer
Fronting like gangsters until you bust they head now they looking like dancers
While they leaning and they rocking with after
You could've avoided *BEEF!* The shit is annoying, *CHIEF*
Cause now you got the bouncer stopping the door, killing
Nobody else is getting in cause we mopping the floor with you
Instead you could have came to party and BS and deaded the fronting
Bag you a chick, while you sipping on something
But instead you chose to do something that made us lump your shit up
For playing, now what the fuck is he saying?

[Hook]

[Outro: Mike Epps]
Who did it?
Which one of y'all niggas hit me in my motherfuckin..
Where my earring at? Where my keys?
Why y'all them niggas hit me in my motherfuckin jaw like that?
Where my keys at? Where my shoe?
I can't find my shoe, you hit me in the jaw nigga?
Is that the one? Nah, whassup though - how you doin?
Which one of y'all niggas hit me in my jaw man?
How y'all conceal it? Somebody go call my girl
Somebody hit me in my jaw
I got Medicade nigga that's alright
Y'all hit me in my motherfuckin jaw like that
I tell y'all, y'all pussy, don't feel it
Nigga I got a brother that's a Crip
Nigga I got another brother that's a Blood
We gon' tear this motherfucker up y'all niggas hit
Y'all done hit the wrong nigga now!!
Y'all hit the wrong nigga!!
Y'all gon' sit there and let.. I'mma sue this club!
I'm suin this muh'fuckin club cause y'all security guards
Sit there and let them niggas jump on me like that!
Bitch-ass...

[Hook]