We're live in five, four, three, two, one!

Welcome everybody, you are "live in the den"
With big tigger hangin' out today with one of my friends

Whattup, okay if you ain't know it be one of the best of all time
Busta bust for short, for some better know me bust' rhymes
(what's good?) maintainin' (same here, just smashin')
(how the fam?) they all good my nigga, thanks for askin'
You and yours?

We all blessed, things ain't too bad
Still dealin' with last year's sudden loss of my dad
(man, my condolences) thanks dawg, let's begin
Ain't seen you in a sec, busta what you been up to since then?

Stayin' healthy and keepin' it movin' while I just be showin'
These other niggas how to do it while I'm constantly growin'
I've been learnin' a lot, and still earnin' a lot of money crazy
Doin' my thing and securin' a win for all my babies

Aight, well it's clear in this new year you've been busy
But how you been dealin' with the drama of the loss of your man izzy?

It's been one of the most traumatic times and I'll never forget it
I'm survivin', thus bein' a punchin' bag for those affected
It's somethin' that I accepted, it was hard to understand
The way things happen, but in the end I guess it's god's plan

Word, heard you beefin' with five-oh, couple cases on rotation
And on top of that, bust' rhymes is now on probation?

Yeah, and I thank judge stevens and we was happy to see
That he ain't send me up north cause I got a family to feed

Changed your image up last year, cut the dreads down low
And also, gave the appearance of some major muscles
Now on the low streets been talkin' like it usually do
Busta bust, help us out, the public needs to know

Just for the record the reason a nigga cut off the dread
I had to shed, tired of carryin' weight on my head
Secondly, it's all good when niggas talk, well they need to back it up
Only needles I use is when I tat-tat-tat it up

Uhh, some people sayin' you changed, even your flipmode fam (uh-huh)
I heard the word's came safe from rah digga and baby sham (right)
Said you (passed the courvoisier) to pick up a gun
Said you more concerned about bein' hard than havin' fun

Yo, wow tig', I see you takin' it there; you got your arsenal, huh?
I think I know where you got that from, that vibe article bruh
The press'll turn your family against each other for 'fetti, to sell a book
Besides we all talked already and we good

Wowwww, that's what's up, be clear it's goin down
And if you wanna holla at bust call us up right now
Phone lines is open, what y'all, wanna discuss?
What's good caller, you "live in the den" with big tig' and bust
(hey tig'!) what's good ma? (enjoyin' the show)
(but there's somethin' about busta I've been dyin' to know)
Well holla at him

Hey busta (what's good ma?)
I've been a fan since way back when you dropped "woo-hah"
(woo-hah!!) yeah, that was my joint
Every album since then always been on point
(thank you) videos and big shows is hardcore
So why you think your albums haven't sold more?

Well baby, the nature of the business is unstable
Especially when your project ain't properly promoted by your label
E'ry album I put out gold or platinum, just a second
Check the hardware on my walls is major, just for the record

Read about you in a book or two
Now tell me bust, please discuss, were they all lies or some of it true?

Well I read about you in a couple of books too son
But I don't even know, tell me which book you readin' from

Aight, next caller

Hey busta, heard about you on miss jones
(why you bringin' up old shit? you need to leave that alone)
So I'm sayin', is it true what she said?
Did you jump right out from between her legs and start fryin' eggs?

I can't remember exactly but I used to ride to her hood
And pick her up all hours a night, thought the pussy was good
'bout fifteen years ago, shit
I can't imagine she'd remember that a nigga made a mean egg sandwich

I seen a couple websites try to put you on blast (uh-huh)
With your relationship with homegirl with the real fat ass

Who? you talkin' 'bout deelishis? yeah her body is vicious
She like trouble; thus we only friends, y'all made us a couple

How do you deal with the gossip, rumors and lies
And feelin' like each and every move you make is analyzed?

Yo, it's all good, you see the blessing is a gift and a curse
To be in a position I am, shit could be worse

I know my time's runnin' short so let me get to this thought
I'm sure you wanna thank your fans for all of their support

Absolutely, see y'all are why I shine like the sun
Big up to all my peeps who been ridin' with me since day one
It's why I walk the streets with pride, you niggas know how I shit it
It's why I rep it thorough for all the fans who stay committed

Busta, now you've been gettin' it in since way back when
So what you say to critics sayin' you can't do it again?

See I ain't gotta say shit to 'em, I'm off to somethin' else
Nigga check my rã©sumã©, bitch it speak for itself
It's why I always do what I do, and I big up my chest
God put his hands on me, you could see that I'm blessed
And I'm grateful

Aight! it's time to go
But I thank y'all for tunin' on in to the "live in the den" show

And if you don't know, now you know
And if you don't know, now you know, nigga

Holla busta [both men ad libbing]
(yes, yes, yes) [ad libbing]
(yes, yes, yes) [laughing]
That's what's up man, holla (ha ha ha, you crazy nigga)