Little Girl: Daddy what's it gonna be like in the year 2000?

Dad: Well sweetheart for your sake I hope it'll all be peaches & cream. But I'm afraid the end time is near. The cataclysmic apocalypse referred to in the scriptures of every holy book known to mankind. It will be an era fraught with boundless greed & corruption where global monetary systems disintegrate leaving brother to kill brother for a grain of over cooked rice
The nations of the civilised world will collapse under the impressive weight of parasitic political conspiracies which remove all hope & optimism from their once faithful citizens. Around the globe, generations of polluters will be punished for their sins. Unshielded by the O-zone they have successfully depleted, left to bake in the searing naked rays of light
Wholesale assassinations served to destabilise every remaining government, leaving the starving & wicked to fend For themselves. Bloodthirsty renegade cyborgs created by tax dodging corporations reek havoc. Pissed off androids tired of being slaves to a godless & gutless system, where the rich get richer & the poor get fucked over and out, unleash total world wide destruction by means of nuclear holocaust, annihilating the terrified masses, leaving in its Torturous wake nothing but vicious, cannibalistic, mutating, radiating, and horribly disfigured hordes of satanic killers, begged on revenge, but against whom? There are so few left alive
Starvation reins supreme, forcing unlucky survivors to eat anything & anyone in their path. Massive earthquakes crack the planets crust like a hollow egg shell, causing unending volcanic eruptions. Creatures of the seven seas Unable to escape the certain death upon land, boil in their liquid prison
Disease then circles the earth, plagues & viruses with no known cause or cure laying waste to whatever draws breath, and human-kind having proven itself to be nothing more than a race of ruthless scavengers, fall victim to merciless attacks at the hands of interplanetary alien tribes who seek to conquer our charred remains
This is Extinction Level Event
The Final World Front. And there is Only, One, Year, Left

Little Girl: Wow, that's cool, I can't hardly wait!

Dad: You don't have to, because here it is..........(echoes out)