Clones..

(Pharrell)
What you say your name was? Well, um, lookin' real sexy right now. You and your girls, are lookin good. Look, why don't y'all take off y'all jackets? What's your name baby? Word? Okay. Tell your friend right here this, this my man Busta

(Busta Rhymes)
Hah
I know you starving for this shit, baby, I'm feeling your hunger
I'm so clean, call a nigga Felix Ungar
So what if I said it, baby? I'm still gon' tell ya
I hope your ass bigger than Willona and Thelma
Listen, it's Busta Rhymes, bitch, I ain't never fail ya
Your ass all over like paraphernalia, hmm
See the police gon' jail ya for walking around
Wit the kind of ass that'll kill ya now
Don't worry 'bout it, I got money to bill ya
Shorty stacking like a mule, type of shit that'll scare ya
Headboard bang, bump the side of ya head
Watch how ya ass spread, spill all off the side of the bed now, hmm
Now, what you do to the dread? Baby, your ass really changed
What he initially said because a nigga dead, but, fuck 'em
'Cause now we vibing and talking and shit
I love to hear your ass go "ba-ba-boom" when you walking and shit

(chorus) (Pharrell)
Move, girl, like your ass on fire
Like your ass on fire
Move, girl, like your ass on fire
Like your ass on fire
Move, girl, I'll light your ass on fire
I'll light your ass on fire
Move, girl, I'll light your ass on fire
Bitch, I'll light that ass on fire
Move, girl, I'll light your ass on fire

(Busta Rhymes)
Bust it
Baby, I know you probably really need a tablecloth to cover your ass
Digging in your pocket while you rubbing yo ass
Shit so big, just put the club in yo ass
Prep the H2, park it right in front of yo ass
I see your little gap between your cunt and yo ass
And make you jump inside the whip and smoke a blunt wit yo ass
I'm saying, hmm, the shit'll spread like a rash
The way they ass wiggles see I got the shit on a smash
Now, listen, I light the L smell a wiff of the hash
And bag all the bitches, now watch you see me zip in a flash
I'm saying hmm, now I'ma put you on blast
Just like a tint window when you put your shit on the glass
Bust right through the window, then it sit on the dash
And have a nigga driving wreckless till you making him crash
(Hah, cmon) we making money and shit
Now, pop your muffin while we be watching you shaking your shit

(chorus)

(Bridge)
Welcome to hot in Hazyville
It make you wanna dance 'till you break your heels
I know you love the way the God make your feel
Now watch me get deeper than a Navy Seal
(Navy Seal?) It got a crazy feel
Shit feel like you in a danger field
Hypnotize, stuck it in her, daze for real
That's exactly why we call this one Hazyville
(Hazyville)

(Busta Rhymes)
Baby, just shake ya ass 'till you spread on the floor
I noticed that your ass too big for your draws
You need a, a chiropractor just to marry yo ass
To tell the truth you need a tractor just to carry yo ass
Fo reala, you motherfuckers probably think that I'm playing
All bitches love to talk and all that other shit I be saying
And going hmm, see how you putting it down
I love the way you shake it throw it around

(Chorus)

(Bridge)