[Intro: Busta Rhymes]
Yeah, what's up, my people!
I am your weatherman, Busta Rhymes
I've come today give you your weather forecast
You know, today looks like one of those beautiful days, you know
To be perfectly honest, there ain't a cloud in the sky
You know this a kind of weather where you take your girl to the beach
Lay down and talk to her
Luther, step to the microphone

[Verse 1: Luther Vandross]
When I wake up in the morning, love
And the sunlight hurts my eyes
And something strange without a warning, love
Bears heavy on my mind

[Pre-Chorus]
Then I look at you
And the world is all right with me
Just one look at you
And I know it's gonna be...

[Chorus]
A lovely day (Lovely day, lovely day, lovely day, it's gonna be a...)
(Lovely day, lovely day, lovely day)
A lovely day (Lovely day, lovely day, lovely day, it's gonna be a...)
(Lovely day, lovely day, lovely day, lovely day)

[Verse 2: Luther Vandross]
When the day that lies ahead of me
Seems impossible to face
When somebody else instead of me
Always seems to know the way

[Pre-Chorus]
Then I look at you
And the world is all right with me, yeah
Just one look at you
And I know it's gonna be, yeah...

[Chorus]
A lovely day (Lovely day, lovely day, lovely day, it's gonna be a...)
(Lovely day, lovely day, lovely day, lovely day, oh, lovely day)
A lovely day (Lovely day, lovely day, lovely day, it's gonna be a...)
(Today I love the world, and I love you)

[Rap: Busta Rhymes]
Let's take a ride, baby, and park under a lamppost
Recline your seat, relax, and let's listen to Mr. Vandross
And watching how my mami watching her dude
Creating a situation that put us right in the mood
I'm sayin', I got plenty suggestions on what that we could maybe do
Especially when we're rocking the songs we make babies to
You know the way we do, baby, and as we lay
I look at you and sit back and think how today was such a lovely day

[Chorus]
(Lovely day, lovely day, lovely day, it's gonna be a...)
(Lovely day, lovely day, lovely day, oh, lovely day)
(Lovely day, lovely day, lovely day, it's gonna be a...)
(Lovely day, lovely day, lovely day)
Let's sing it together

[Outro: Luther + (background)]
Said it's gonna be a lovely day, it's gonna be a lovely day
Said it's gonna be a lovely day, it's gonna be a lovely day
Today I love the world, you better believe it, girl
Think I'm gonna go out, 'cause I heard so much about it
Maybe I'll go for a little while
(It's a lovely day, it's a lovely day)
And the lovely thing about it
Not a sad face anywhere you go
(It's a lovely day, it's a lovely day)