[Prelude: 2Pac speaking]
You know what gang violence is, mostly?
[And the people dont want you to hear this]
If somebody shoots your family member
Of course you retaliate, You know what I mean?
Same thing the U.S does except nobody even shot their family members
They see that, somebody bomb a school
And all these people get killed
So the united states feel like ooh thats messed up
We gotta go show em who tha real killers
This country was built on gangs, you know
I think this country still is run on gangs
Republicans, Democrats, The Police Department, The FBI
The CIA, those are gangs, you know what I mean
The correctional officers
I had a correctional officer tell me straight
"We the biggest gang in New York state
Straight up."

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Suppress the revolution of premeditated scheme
Introduce a drug called crack, to us ghetto teens
Got a law for raw niggas, now playa what it be like?
When will niggas see they got us bleeding with three strikes
Can't seem to focus hopeless, with violent thoughts I wrote this
Got these Devils petrified, hiding from my hocus-pocus
And so I learned to earn my currency in over time
Affiliated, clearly click a military mind
May God forgive us though we dwell inside a paradox
Thugged out and drug dealin, from the womb to the block
My live mind got me survivin five rounds
My forty-five got my fortified with live rounds
When shit's thick we plot hits, when our Glock spits
All hail, Out on Bail, Wrath of the 2Pacalypse
Forever ghetto necessary picture food stamps
Outlaw Thug Niggas never left the boot camp

[Hook: Busta Rhymes]
We got the real live shit from front to back
To my niggas in the world, 2Pac is back
Where my soldiers is at? (2X)
Where the fuck my soldiers at?
Where my soldiers is at?

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Now I was born as a rebel, making trouble for the devil
Take this gang bang shit, to a whole (a)nother level
Can you feel me now?
Armies in every city
Definition of power
Players are you with me?
See the war is the prophecy
Survival is the strategy
Rest in peace to my comrades that deceased

[Busta Rhymes: yells "Notorious B.I.G!"]

[Verse 2 Cont'd: 2Pac]
Walking down the streets of time
Youll have these devils petrified of a nigga in his right mind
They tell us that we hopeless and hell bound
This fo the brothers in penetentiaries jailed down
I got you in my heart till tha day I die
Think of tha damage we can do, if we wasn't high
Can you picture me loc? Its a thugs wrath
Political contracts and blood baths
For Matulu Shakur up in the Rikers
Though they got you, I never let them stop me
The struggle continues

[Skit: 2Pac Speaking Again]
Now if we do want to live a thug life and a gangsta life and all of that
Ok, so stop being cowards and lets have a revolution
But we dont wanna do that, dudes just wanna live of character
They wanna be cartoons, but if they really wanted to do something
If they was that tough, alright, lets start our own country
Lets start a revolution, lets get out of here, lets do something

[Hook: Busta Rhymes]
We got the real live shit from front to back
To my niggas in the world, 2Pac is back
Where my soldiers is at? (2X)
Where my soldiers at?
Where my soldiers is at?