[Intro: Sample courtesy of "Scenario" by A Tribe Called Quest & Leaders Of The New School]
As I combine all the juice from the mind
Heel up, wheel up, bring it back, come rewind
RRRRRROAW RRRRRRROAW like a dungeon dragon
Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon

[Busta Rhymes]
The streets been telling me to get on the remix right?!
Heh heh ha ha ha ha ha ha! Let's get it!

[Verse One: Nicki Minaj]
I am not Jasmine, I am Aladdin
So far ahead, these bums is lagging
See me in that new thing, bums is gagging
I'm starting to feel like a dungeon dragon
Rah, rah, like a dungeon dragon
I'm starting to feel like a dungeon dragon
Look at my show footage how these girls be spazzing
So fuck I look like getting back to a has-been?
Yeah I said it, has-been
Hang it up, flat screen
Ha ha... plasma
"Hey Nicki, hey Nicki!" Asthma
I got the pumps, it ain't got medicine
I got bars - sentencing
I'm a bad bitch, I'm a cunt
And I'll kick that ho - punt!
Forced trauma - blunt
You play the back, bitch I'm in the front
You need a job, this ain't cutting it
Nicki Minaj, is who you ain't fucking with
You lil' fraggle rock, beat you with a pad lock
I am a movie, camera block
You out of work, I know it's tough
... But enough is enough

[Hook: Nicki Minaj]
Rahhh rahhh, like a dungeon dragon
Ra-rahhh rahhh, like a dungeon dragon
Ra-rahhh rahhh, like a dungeon dragon
Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon
Ra-rahhh rahhh, like a dungeon dragon
Ra-rahhh rahhh, like a dungeon dragon
Ra-rahhh rahhh, like a dungeon dragon
Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon

[Busta Rhymes - over Hook]
Aiyyo somebody go get a theromostat and check my temperature
I feel like a got a fever in this muh'fucker!!!!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!!!

[Verse Two: Busta Rhymes]
Nicki!!! How you gon' take my hot line and make it a hot song
Like I ain't 'posed to come and step on this shit like King Kong!!!
See as a child I was born with a old soul
See I would breathe heavy flame would shoot out of my nose hole
HAAAAAAAA RRRAAHHHHHH!!! Too much shitty diapers
Love to play with matches and drink all the fluid out of lighters
From when I was a child I know that most of y'all was triddash
I dig in my nose and wipe the biggest BOOGER on your bitch asssssss!!!!
Using your head like fuck what the Lord said
Slightly demented with a permanent wrinkle in my forehead
Boar's Head beef bitch if you want it then peep lane
Murder niggas with the fire then bounce to a Heat game
Tie you up like bikes to a rail in with a little cheap chain
And I'll comfortably hang you from the side of the building
So niggas see your bitch ass is LAAAAAAAAAMMMMMMMMMMEEEE!!!!
"Aiyyo what you cut it off for? Don't you see what I'm doin to this?!"
'Posed to know how I'm directing these flicks
The question everywhere is "you getting on the remix?" (DAMN RIGHT!!!)
Cause this is something that I fathered and mastered
And plastered 'til they started calling me sick bastard
I'm drastic when it comes to reminding niggas who's responsible for the classics
And I burn a hole in the street like a nigga was acid
Everytime I jump on the beat see the shit will get drastic
While you getting yo' ass kicked
Like a kick and a punch slap and two chops
Kinda like pong ping baduf baf beat him until he diggity 2Pac
Mi broke mi ting leave a few match
Rope him and then drag him a few blocks (HORRIBLE)
Uh! Uh! Uh! The muscle of the street (MOVE BITCH)
Pardon me UH! Shuffling the beat nigga!!!
UH! Take a elbow, I'm scuffling to eat
Like a nigga that was grinding and was hustling for weeks
So I rushed and rushed, then I blacked
Then I came through and I gave the streets crack
Controlling the functions throughout the steer
EVERYBODY PUT YOUR MOTHERFUCKING HANDS IN THE AIR!!! (That's how I do 'em)
I do the type of shit that niggas can't imagine (Uh Huh!)
You know I'm one of the nicest and I ain't bragging (Uh Huh!)
I make 'em all surrender 'til they see white flags
And they recognize I'm the original dungeon dragon (OK!)
RRRRRROAW RRRRRRROAW like a dungeon dragon
Change your shitty drawers cause your pants are sagging
Try to step to this and I'll twist you to a turban
And have you smelling rank like some old stale urine
GONE!!!!

[Hook]