[Intro]
Ziggy, ziggy, ziggy, ziggy, ziggy, ziggy zig
Ha-ha-ha, yo
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo

[Verse 1]
Yo, I walk through brick walls
Fuck around hijack your whole shoppin' malls
I be rippin shit, that's my word bond
Scream, then I watch the whole planet earth respond
Do just what ya told, the remote control
Crash course ya shit, you know how we roll
When I tumble and drive and you reply
My, my, my, my-my-my!
Yo, I execute all plans
Run up in two bitches for me and my mans
Ha, breakin fool, ha, for my fans
In return niggas give me the hot SoundScan
Ha, strike matches, golden egg hatches
Request line is open send all your faxes
Freaks the flows with no rehearsin
Rollerskate backwards when the beat start reversin
You're so wack you make people start cursin
Flows contradict worser than the King James version
Turn on your mic but yo' shit will stop workin
Beats brutalize ya whole rhyme, yo' head hurtin
Broomsticks and witches from rags to riches
We give mad love while y'all niggas to BURN bridges
Amateur, why won't you look right at the calender
A matter of time before I start to damage ya
So starvin to just bust my rhyme caliber
Consecutive wounds like a nigga stabbin ya
YO! My whole team get WILD cream!
Politickin every move to the EX-treme!

[Chorus]
So hardcore like Quickdraw McGraw
Fuck what you heard, you ain't heard this before
So hardcore like Quickdraw McGraw
Fuck what you heard, you ain't heard this before
So hardcore like Quickdraw McGraw
Fuck what you heard, you ain't heard this before
So hardcore like Quickdraw McGraw
Fuck what you heard, you ain't heard this before

[Verse Two]
Ha, yo! I come right through the door
With rhymes galore Busta Rhymes be ambassador
Explore my metaphor you beg for more
Hardcore see we a show they insecure
I said my whole squad of niggas come through and break the law
My family tight more than Connect Four
I come through and create the masterpieces
Bend your mind with rhyme telekenesis!
YO, I will break shit down!
Lost or found flow will blast like a four pound!
Right before I hit you off with my vaccine ('cine)
Starch, carbohydrates, lots of protein!
Maxine, baby girl yo I hope yo' ass clean!
Magazine frontin, fly lips is lime green!
Yo, every time, yo, I'm on the scene!
High beam the lights and watch who will remain supreme!
Ha, yes you know when I keep it comin
Don't ya know when I keep it comin
Blow the fort, make you resort to handcuffin
Bounce on the beat and watch how a nigga work it
Buck wild makin yo' speaker short circuit
This heavyweight tip the scale on the triple beam (beam)
Busta Rhymes blast and still bang the mainstream!
BLAOW! I had to make ya all mad
Hit ya off, interludes, bounce to Trinidad
Now I see a bitch-nigga soundin so soft
Make a nigga cough, breakin and turn yo' ass off (off)
Extra raw lay on yo' back get on the floor
Busta Rhymes, got to headline the whole tour!
Cause we

[Hook] w/ minor variations