[Verse 1: Busta Rhymes]
Remember the days when I was walkin' and talkin'
Doin' what I gotta do (doin' what we wanna do)
Off onto my walkathon missions (why?)
Cause the brothers that I knew with the rides drove by
On the nice sunny days lookin' down the road
Seein' beautiful girls with the car loads
Yeah, yeah, yeah they were screamin'
Wish I had a little ride of my own
But since I don't, that's my sobb story
My missions will continue as I keep on stalkin'
My stamina was dyin' from the constant walkin'
Right before that moment, I began to call to my man Brittle
Who had a sunroof and all
I thought he would've noticed my dyin'
When I yelled his name, he yelled "beep!" and kept drivin'
Now, in my heart there grew a big hole
Cause my little, little, little toe started rubbin' on my insole
It was a fidgety burn and then I said "Wait, I got pride"
It's time to get my own ride
I came up with a scheme and got paid
I had no other choice but goin' down with the trade
When I got my chance, bro, I got kinda stingy, yep
Cause I got my cherry Pathfinder
Now I'm feelin' good cause I'm off my feet
Men and little squalid dogs runnin' up on the street
And they're saying:
My name is Sharina (My name is Busta)
My name is Tonya (My name is Busta)
My name is Diana (My name is Busta)
Now, what do you take me for? The little local pushover?
No shame in my game cause that's how I got dissed
And when I return the favor, everybody gets pissed
And now I am the man feelin' all the glory
And when you ride's down and gone, just remember that

[Hook x2]
I know you and you know me
I know you and you know me
I know you and you know me
It's our sobb story, our sobb story

[Verse 2: Charlie Brown]
Red light, green light, 1, 2, 3
Here comes the hop along kid Charlie B
I'm constantly movin' with my walkman kickin'
My bunions are cryin', beefin', pleadin'
Please! Please! Get into the vehicle, I stopped at Davis Ave
Thinkin' I'd see a cool brother to give me a ride
(Sorry Charlie!) was a common reply
I didn't forget about the girl in the Sidekick
The rub-a-dub system and the spoiler kit
She drive by with the posse, ooh-ah, ooh-ah, ooh-ah
(Hey Charlie Brown, where's your car?)
Well, I haven't purchased it yet
The smoke from the rubber burned up to my neck
Girls with Gucci and their friends with Fendi
Won't allow a walker to get friendly
Just a beep-beep and occasional wave
The tables turn, now she got played
Lunch time, Marty and Dion
Johnny Juice, Giggles, Troy and Dequan
Sittin' and waitin' for a ride to Mickey D's
I snack by the crackerjack just to relieve
Stress, it's a mess, I decided to work
But its hard to work when your boss is a jerk
I swept floors and strived to get mine
My amigos with Dinco D, Milo and Busta Rhymes
Rag top, kickbox, yellow and brown
Who's the clown? Remember that...

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Dinco D]
Now, I remember Rob when he first got his Saab
Didn't have a job and his car was a mob
Of brothers he never knew from jack
And when his car went flat they wouldn't jack
And when his car was in the shop, they wouldn't stop by
To even say "Hi", on the reply
But back came Rob to the same old gang
(Hey, yo, what's up? Do y'all wanna hang?)
"Yeah, sure" they say on the quick-fast
(By the way, anybody got money for gas?)
Nah, not me, I don't, don't ask
I got it, come on (watch out! We're gonna crash!)
But wait, now Rob just walkin' like me
The D-to-the-O, in the middle I-N-C
And some say envy, I say "On empty"
And now he just walkin' my sobb story

[Hook x2]