[Verse 1: Brittle]
I've got the edibles
The things that taste so good to eat
Word to the manila on your paper
It's the Brittle with a Cracker Jack caper
Now who said that I was off on my own
I did a Flintstone flip to a brontosaurus bone
Here goes the edible eats
Cos I eat sweets not steaks or meats
I got styles, styles, get it honey child
In it to win it for miles and miles
Through the speaker, sell the paprika
It's the sounds of the zeekers

[Verse 2: Cool Whip]
Oh golly gee bumblebee
Ring around the rosie a pocket full of hoes-ie
The hip hop scooby doo wop watch the drawers drop
Less the sign says stop
Ben was my friend to the end
Chucky wasn't lucky so here's your end friend
I test the chef, ate broccoli and rice
The newest to the new not the Old Spice
Mind over matter
It's got a two scoop loop, Betty Crocker made the batter
Poindexter flexed the track by Busta
With a little bit of salt from the Cracker Jack store
Still at will
Fulfilled off the skill for the jill by the jack
Misfire the mojo swing low string
Sing along as I bring along with a song
Sedated by the mate many might know
Yo, gotta go, gotta gotta go so
Signing off for the ending, but stick around
Cos the zeeker gots the sound

[Hook]
Jeepers creepers, it's the sound of the zeekers
Jeepers creepers, it's the sound of the zeekers

[Verse 3: Sha-Now The Remedy Man]
Now Or Laters A-alike a track
Leaders Of The New School what a fresh pack
I'm flowing with this groovy track
Welcome to sound of the zeekers cause now you're trapped
Taste this lyrical boost to the brain
Sha-Now here there's no shame in my game
Let me be your remedy man
I can hit your ears with the words that I share
So taste this feel for a Now Or Later crave
A vocalist sound that you have to obey
Sha-Now and Tropical, Later are here on the scene
Sounds of the zeekers is not a dream

[Verse 4: Boogie Knight]
I'm eachingtay on the alday on the uptay
I'm simply teaching and representing Triple A
Kill the negative, add the positive
Ask me why, that's my prerogative
I dress ghetto, look ghetto, came from the ghetto
But now I gotta level with the flow
I'm rising from the bottom going straight to the top
When I'm old and grey become a Hip Hop pop

[Verse 5: Jeranimo]
I'm crossing the line heading for the border
Feeling quite thirsty, need a cup of water
Taller than Gremlins, the legs are trembling
90's are the years of the Rumpletilskinz
Taking all witches and throwing 'em in ditches
If you front to this you'll just get stitches
Down with the Rumpletil and I love to hit skins
Should I begin trends set by friends
Jeranimo, not a animal, a dance cannibal
On the dancefloor I'm willing and able to freak
And zeek and I'm out

[Verse 6: Kollie Weed]
Now this is Kollie Weed pon de version (Bo! Bo!)
But there is one t'ing me want unno understand (Bo! Bo!)
That when me come inna de dance me 'ave the style and pattern (Bo! Bo!)
Me want unno move unno waist and move unno bottom (Bo! Bo!)
Deh inna de place with LONS (Bo! Bo!)
Dem a my yout', Jah know dem nuh test (Bo! Bo!)
North east south and west (Bo! Bo!)
Everybody move and progress (Bo! Bo!)
Inna de 90's with I-yah (I-yah! I-yah!)

[Bridge]
Fe fi fo fum, fe fi fo fum
Let all the zeekers in the dance (Bo!)
Fe fi fo fum, fe fi fo fum
Charlie Brown make the dancehall rock

[Verse 7: Charlie Brown]
Zip-a-dee doo-dah, zip-a-dee day, ah!
There's only one Charlie Brown
Zeeker of the speaker much getting louder
Lunchtime all out with the chimes
Ah! Cracker Jacks, breaking your back
A-alike a track, Now Or Laters react
Couple of folk, coming with dope
Manifestation never the less kick pick stick
Jump and pump rest
Now no biz like showbiz, Brown
(There it is!)
Bound to vibrate the ground got speakers
Ah! Ah! Zeekers

[Break]
L - O - N - S

[Verse 8: Dinco D]
Zeeking with jest sends rappers crazed
Minds combine elevating the maze
Of incredible character, scripture of a picture
Picture mister D - I - N - C - O
Be a part of us speaking with evidence
Ever never whether or not it's irrelevant
So I zone in zones so forbidden
Especially with sounds so ill I be witness
Z like Zack, the Lego Maniac
You ask what's that, I say bring it back

[Verse 9: Cut Monitor Milo]
I've got short dreadlocks and bright red sneakers
Illing on this track called Sound of the Zeekers
Before I prolong, let's just go on
To another measure of listening pleasure
See I don't cry wolf cos I don't be faking
Don't eat bacon cos that's forsaken
My heritage is straight up Jamaican
No need to play hot cos I can't be frozen
Just take this as a member's token
How many pennies do you need to make cents?
How do you know when you have a sixth sense?
Beep beep beep is the sound of my beeper
And the name of this track is Sound of the Zeeker

[Verse 10: Busta Rhymes]
I love the feminine fats when they go
To the itty-bitty bus then show
Baby baby doll, baby baby baby doll
Showing you Busta Rhymes will never fall
Everybody in the house if you're zeeking make some noise
Cos we're never weakening
Bring back that sound from the woman
That beatiful sound I'm loving
Youth on the move right into the showbiz
Chemistry work in the lab of noises
So back off you rats and you creatures
React sit back and listen to the sound of the zeekers!
Done