Good afternoon Mr. Mangini (Good afternoon)
Yeah, I've got ahh.. three problems in my class (Mmmhmm)
The first one is the Dinco D (Yeah right)
He's always zoning out, spacing (Put him in detention!)

[Dinco D]
Don't ring the bell I'm not comin to CLASS
Teachers bein preachers how the hell can I PASS?
First day of school and would zone to the rear
With a blind spot view and a one leg chair
I asked when WHAT when WHAT when class ends
The teacher points at the door: "Go be with your friends!"
YUP! My rep was in effect to keep in step
So I stopped to drop bombs for a check
Cause all I learned was when where why what and who
And then I asked "Do you think this is true?"
OUT! like a strike that's three and a number
Public education is makin some dumber
Further and further away, doin it out of sight
In a year the young, teacher should teach right
No class for a pupil without a pass but gun
Back in to pass but now in ninety-one
B-BALL wavin pom-poms to cheers
Screaming for the team, who asks "Where do we go from here?"

Second problem is the C Brown (Yeah right?)
He's always playing kazoos (Uh-huh) Making outrageous noises (Right)
Ad-libs... what should I do with him? (Yo put him in detention too!)

[Charlie Brown]
Welllll, how now brown cow?
Make the girls go OOOH-AHH-OOOH-AHH!
School is shaky, sometimes flaky
Plenty frustrating, cheesy and cake-y
Why? AHH Why? AHH
Whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy... I was never on time
Always cuttin, goin to the GYM
Stem and then I hear it's him
The one, THE ONE, C Browwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwn
This extra curriculum is beating them down
Ask the teachers, to teach me somethin
I can use, because they're teachin me nothin
I tried to comply his lies, never dies
Insides, so I replied
"What about life? The real (THE REAL)
Uncut uncensored deal (DEAL)"
I must not go AHH in class
I won't pass, at last for the blast
Stop the brainwash, hang out to dry
Nonsense I'm convinced it's lies
Truth to the youth is necessary
Important? Damn! I'd say very
March! HUT ONE HUT TWO!
C'mon, March! HUT THREE HUT FOUR!
I'd say just educate yourself
Don't depend on your school for help
Read and write, cause it's, evidence
Cause teachers, yo, they be teachin us NONSENSE

Now last but not least it's a Busta Rhymes
(Yeah I know which one you're talking about)
He's always talking to the girls, talking in class
Starting trouble, throwin spitballs
(Yeah he's a hardcore problem, uhh... detention!)

[Busta Rhymes]
YO!! Wake up in the morning to a big fat WOW!
Gotta get to school, on time anyHOW!
In school, the brainwash epidemic
Gotta hit em back with a rhyme calisthetic
Got enough beef with the kids who be switchin
Now I'm in school, and yo the teacher starts riffin
This and that, and yo it's all irrelevant
As I get older gotta build my own intelligence
TEACHER, what are you doin
Is it my rhymes that you're really tryin to ruin
Back of the class then I come FORTH
The water lies between us, it's time to CROSS
Me being the younger, him the elder
If we were in a war, he thinks I surrender
Kids on the block just scramblin AHHH
Cause the teacher's in class just babblin OOOH
They're teachin nonsense, teachin total nonsense
Then they wonder why we so disobedience
HUH, he tried to break my back
HUH, I come, like black on the attack
Young and the Restless, teacher don't test this
If you try to front, you'll be sure to get this
POW BOOM BANG, straight to the grill
Teach the truth yo, relax and chill
Pronunciation, vexed I'm pissed
Yo my man you better stop teachin us that nonsense
RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH
There it go like that!

Alright Mr. Mangini, aahh, what do you suggest that we do
About Busta Rhymes, Charlie Brown, and Dinco D?
(Those three problems? They're never gonna amount to anything anyway
Throw em all out, expelled them)

HELL NO! WE WON'T GO! *repeat and fade*