I would like to share one of my memorable accomplishments in music with you
It's a song that i had the and honor to write ans sing on with busta rhymes and
Haitian mass for haiti
It wasn't planned for me to write on it
I just happened to have been at the right place at the right time
The message is simple
Though the land may tremble
We will stand
Busta did an incredible job sharing his thoughts on this project
I had to really ask myself is this brother haitian
When in reality... all you have to be is ... human to undersant just how catastrophic this earthquake was
I want you guys to hear it for yourself...
Heck this out...

Busta rhymes

And while my thought wander, i don't know where to start
Forgive me for what i speak, emotion leading from my heart
Before i continue, i hope my words reach you
Lighters up for haiti such a beautiful people
Such a beautiful country... do they deserve to suffer?
Such a beautiful nation, such a beautiful culture
And while my heart is racing and i address the topic . what the reason their facing
Something so catastrophic
And while i search for answers and balace my thoughts equal, all i can come up with is god is testing the people
It so incredible to witness the strength of the righteous and clear example of how we come togeter in crises
But the point i'm trying to make is that we shouldn't slack, to come together like this when it's after the fact
To see the heros that we had when it rains and it showers
See how the blessing manifest , unity is power 


Chorus

We will stand
We will stand, hand in hand
We will rise up again a stronger nation
Maybe broken, but not destroyed...
Can you hear us... can you feel us
We will stand, hand in hand
We will rise up again
A stronger nation

Busta rhymes

I undersand if what i'm saying makes you tighten up
We rep'n beautiful haiti... keep your lighters up
Don't mean to question god
Are these people forsaken
Never that
With only time we'll build a stronger nation
Stronger foundation
Now watch the world look
And come together until we write every history book
Let us light up candles
For the hundreds of thousands we lost and lead by example
Let's show each other the potential of rising above
The agony of living hell through universal love
A universal hug, holding up each other
Our fathers and our mothers
Our sisters and our brothers
Despite the shapes and colors
The object is to give
Appreciate the breath we breathe and the life we live
See all the heros that we have when it rains and showers 
And watch the blessing manifest ...
Unity is power


Chorus

We will stand
We will stand, hand in hand
We will rise up again a stronger nation
Maybe broken, but not destroyed...
Can you hear us... can you feel us
We will stand, hand in hand
We will rise up again a stronger nation
The land may tramble...
But we continue to hold on