[Verbal]
You want that? She want that?
They want that? Who want that?
Come get a little bit of this and a little bit of
That if you want a bit of this nara AH AH
Iitakute, ienakute, iisakusen, mitsukannakute
Come get a litle bit of this and a little bit of
That if you want a bit of this nara AH AH

Ryo-Z (Yatta!)
Wise (Aw yeah!)
Leader (Stand by)
Verbal (What it do? Yep, yep)
Nigo (Ayo, what's up?)
BAPE Sounds (Oink, oink)
Yo Pharell!
Busta Bust! (OH!)
Let's go!

[Busta Rhymes]
Baby go and shake your ass, heel and toe
Break your back, mami you feel that flow
How a nigga spit that real and low
I dont trick, you better peel that dough
Jay said, "you ain't gotta bring your purse out"
Yes you do, or you ain't drinking with a nigga (oww)
Hot step with a nigga in the club
While a shorty get rocked with me until a nigga bub
The way the party scare a when nigga bust a slug
We ain't worried bout it shorty, love a nigga like a drug
Baby girl tryin to throw a nigga sex
Geeked out, mami trying to do a lil X
Do you, baby get low down with it
However you want, see if you can throw down with me
Busta Rhymes, baby yea, eyerybody know
When its time to pop off, nigga yea we gotta go

[Pharrell]
Yabamena Baby (gi-giganto) zock on zock on (gi-giganto)
Kawaii Baby (gi-giganto) zock on zock on (gi-giganto)
Mo-dai mondai (gi-giganto) zock on zock on (gi-gi-gi-giganto)
Yabamena Baby (gi-giganto) zock on zock on (gi-giganto)

[Ryo-Z]
Yabamena baby yabamena bureikubiitsu
Konya ga yama nara rabadabu entorii
Tekunikku hitsuyou to araba tekunikusu
Kui kimi ni cut kuikku ririisu
Ano ko wa menkui onedari SEXY
Otoko no derukui guttokuru come on!
Bokko bokko ni uchinome saretemo
I want you baby ZOCK ON!

[Ilmari]
Doushite mite mo muri sou na taimingu (Huh?)
Dou kourondemo kanojo ha saegiru (Huh?)
Dou ni mo dame dakara hite mita
Demo hiitara sore ga saigo datta (Huh?)
Nouten biri biri just say (give me give me)
Kono tenshon o tamotteru giri giri
Bonnou no kazu dake boku ukare kimi
Chancharachanchan, ZOCK ON!

[Pharrell]
Yabamena Baby (gi-giganto) zock on zock on (gi-giganto)
Kawaii Baby (gi-giganto) zock on zock on (gi-giganto)
Mo-dai mondai (gi-giganto) zock on zock on (gi-gi-gi-giganto)
Yabamena Baby (gi-giganto) zock on zock on (gi-giganto)

[Ilmari]
Uh, dansu furoa chokkou uh minna ruuzu kontorooru
Uh, dakara Let's Rock-on! Gimme some more (Gimme some more)
Uh, dansu furoa chokkou minna ruuzu kontorooru
Uh, dakara Let's Rock-on! Gimme some more (Baby Come on)

[Wise]
Yo What's happenin' honey? You know your driving me crazy!
Bassline ni matagari booty shakin'! (WOO HA!)
Itsu mite mo hen gen jizai kore wa jiken da kinkyujitai
Thick as thighs, I'm diggin your style
Konya koso maji furete mitai (Onegai!)
Big fat smile ni dama sareta tenshi
Koyoi mo fukuramu kitai (a~i!)
Hanashigai no iru mitai ni doko demo
Bero dashite sugu ni pe~ro pe~ro (Rrr~)
Kan chigai suru KY
Uzagari kaado kirisuteru Like a sero (Faito!)
Pankurasu kara puraido made
Ishukakutougi mitaku kurai tsuite
Hanare naiyo Your body like dynamite
I ain't letting you go tonight!

ZOCK ON!

(HOOK)

You want that? She want that?
They want that? Who want that?

You want that? She want that?
They want that? Who want that?

You want that? She want that?
They want that? Who want that?

You want that? She want that?
They want that? Who want that?