[Jay Jizzle]
A.t.m.!
& you know we got that kush!

(chorus)x2
With who? Who me
Y'all know I'mma do me
I live fast like a 2 seater
My kush got kick like bruce lee
Kush got kick like bruce lee
Kush got kick like bruce lee
I live fast like a 2 seater
My kush got kick like bruce lee

[Jay]
Who he, Jay jizzle
Keep a couple swishers thats no lie
So fly bitches took pics when we drove by cause we so fly
& im on my shit, i woulda let her roll my weed, take a couple hit off them tree
But the problem is she just sucked my dick. ah! ah!
So i gotta keep it movin
Bad bitches I'mma keep on choosin
My kush kick like martial arts
No, no. Confucius. im going stupid
Im tatted up. soldeird down
She held me up, she couldn't hold me down
Try to hate on me, turn fake on me
Hit the brakes on me, couldn't slow me down
Roll around with that thing on me what comes around still goes around
These 21st thugs tryin sing on me. wanna speak on me, betta hold it down
Ridin round with that zone of loud but its smellin like i just smoked a pound
I keep it real you know the drill i roll it up and i blow it down

(chorus)x2

Ok my kush got kick like kungfu
Fuck purp i need somethin new
Red kush, yellow tussin
Thats orange crush if u mix it too
I got dirty phantoms, rollin papers
Water bongs with them ice catchers
Vaporizers, one hitters
That blunt lit but i ain't tryna pass it
Got keif all in my grinder, residue all on my fingers
Like fuck a bag. im takin trips with a vacuum seal & my reefer
Yea, live fast but i drive slow
Seat back, with my eyes low
Today i blew like 5 o's, & tomorrow ill blow 5 more
Fruity pack, got that punch, & that kick. thaibo
This rappin shit to easy i can do it with a blindfold
Bout my green, thats riden dough
Ill take yo bitch to the hotel, got a new pack & a old scale
Gotta trap where i sale shit wholesale

(chorus)x2

[Chevy Woods]
Im comin down, my chain swangin
Tgod, im gangbanging
Im leanin back in that oldschool
My hand on my wood, im lane changin
Bombay in my pimp cup, thats sex in the air, im fucked up
Jay jizzle got that kick back
Hurry up an roll that kush up
Im workin out, no push ups
Ill bet that make your girl fuck
Somebody please call triple A cause i feel just like a car stuck
2 for 1, yea 2 for 1. 2 bitches plus me. thats 2 for 1
& this a taylor gang affair, my darlin ain't no tellin who would come
Young fly niggas that next to none, crack that zip roll more then one
Fuck that price their more to come. we smoke all night to the mornin, uhhh
They say they smokin on the best but everybody say that
But everything over here purple. roll them joints up ASAP