(The 18th Letter Did That!)

[Hook]x2
I paid my cost to keep it G'er than ever so keep your eyes off my plate, Homie I'm tryna eat
I counting all this money up and no youre not in my way, I paid the cost, you tryna learn? Then take a seat

Exotic papers rolling my trees from the left coast
Taylors chilling, cracking a few jokes
Don't know what you tripping for, get your walk and your stride straight
I feel like my birthday, everyday this is my cake
Them stories, I dun seen em, you ain't telling me nothing new
You do what you can sucka I do what I wanna do:Smoke and kick fly shit
Niggas scared of change so they ain't getting no money
They just staying the same, ain't giving themselves options
In life, just cool with their situation
Roll it up, count it after I make it
I paid the cost, to keep it G'er than ever a real nigga
These my cards, they gotta deal with ya
I just kick back, write several ill raps
Count it all roll it up and that's that
Feel me? Cold items placed on my fingers and wrist
I'm just cool so, would you chill please? Uhh

[Hook]x2
I paid my cost to keep it G'er than ever so keep your eyes off my plate, Homie I'm tryna eat
I counting all this money up and no youre not in my way, I paid the cost, you tryna learn? Then take a seat

All I see is cash and success and I'mma get it
Got me a few niggas that's down with it
The feelings nice. 32 papers for ya 7 box, swisher price
Ain't got time to play with my weed like it was Fisher Price
Fly nigga. She keep it cool, she ride with us
Her and her friends Come and get high with us
Pardon my Taylor talk, that's if you don't understand
You not to get it? That was part of the plan
Swinging my door open, Balcony, Hotel, Smokin'
Get it? Got it? Good, a nigga loccin'
They already rolled. I just put a flame to it
I paid the price nigga and you should do it. Haha

[Hook]x2
I paid my cost to keep it G'er than ever so keep your eyes off my plate, Homie I'm tryna eat
I counting all this money up and no youre not in my way, I paid the cost, you tryna learn? Then take a seat