Just make sure my pinky ring clean, bitch!

[Verse 1]

Oh, I kick game like Ronaldo, that’s my goal
No script for some pimp shit, nigga that’s my role
So if the dice shows seven, that’s my point
And if I roll eleven, then I roll a joint!
Pimp shit, door cracking watch my shoe's show
They hit a button by the wheel and watch the roof go
Boss shit, I be on my Hugo
We all getting to this money, don’t care who go
Big plates, I like my shit well done
Thanks for giving me nothing, you’re all welcome!
I made mine started from the bottom up
I mean all this cash from a dollar up!
What? that’s paper like a print machine
See me cruising through the city in that tint machine
You know I ride regular no regular
Dot after dot after dot, etcetera

[Hook]

That’s your girl, she got a battery in her back
You should learn how to control her
Cause one night with the taylors you think you’d get her back
Homie no sir, we gonna have a good time, good time , good time, good time, good time
That’s what I show her! (oh, oh, oh, oh)
We’re in the back riding, chauffeur!

[Verse 2]

Remember we wasn’t getting it, now we’re getting it all
Stand on top of my work nigga i’m on my job
Same nigga i’ve been, throwing that alley-oop
From the corner to the world racing on rally coupe
Lee roy, shown of, couple papers roll up
Hit the clutch and spin the wheel, when I do a donut
My best physical year, my birth stones
And a cheer  take a trick and give her back after I get mine yeah!
Homie, that’s cold game  I learned
That from some players with Them whole things
Four finger rings and Them gold chains
Pimping like a mother fucker suppose to
Tell me who you’re supposed to be huh
Dressing up like somebody you’re not  suit on I’m like broke
Pimping in the spot, chuch I see who you wanna be
Change the channel your girlfriend a tv!

[Hook]

That’s your girl, she got a battery in her back
You should learn how to control her
Cause one night with the taylors you think you’d get her back
Homie no sir, we gonna have a good time, good time , good time, good time, good time
That’s what I show her! (oh, oh, oh, oh)
We’re in the back riding, chauffeur!