Yea, all this that gang shit, you know
Young niggas havin’ good times man
Look that sea food right there
That’s fresh from he beats over there
You could have whatever you want

Car full of clothes, we just tore down the mall
Lebron’s on my feet, king shit the side bar
3000 mouths ‘til we land on the beach
This my dream, all in memory of Martin Luther King
Gucci frames on my face, double up for the hate
On some birthday shit, got a face full of cake
They don’t know the facts, so I just let ‘em talk
But I do it for my niggas who to judge and let walk
Top off, cool and baby got a high skirt
Sunshine, palm trees, long way from work
Tip another glass, tryna get my niggas out
Fuckin’ insecurities but this will be unrealz about
Just a nigga with a plan, that’s gon work for me
The waiter said you need a refill, I said certainly
Just a couple things that your hustle do
Do the long walks, beach sand and a wonderful view

[Hook]
Tryna live? Baby, come join the gang
Gang gang gang gang gang gang..
And I promise you’ll never be the same
Same same same same same same..
What they talkin’ bout? They speakin’ names
Names names names names names names..
But I promised to never speak a name

Never influenced by the bullshit
I was movin’, threw my Nikes on my feet and old my nigga let’s just do it
Now we ballin’ and nobody could tell us shit cuz we got it
Poppin’ bottles in the club just them hoes excited
Me and my niggas, yea me and my niggas
They came here with you tonight but I bet that they leavin’ with us
They minor, we major league and hold me, I’m up to bat
I let ‘em sling for the fences, I’m hittin’ it through the gap
Them tickets say first class, that’s too in front, we back
Heard ‘em say I was dumb, now how smart was that?
Tell them see me they can’t, they too blind to the fact
Last place their car broke, all in all we rap, it’s true

[Hook]
Tryna live? Baby, come join the gang
Gang gang gang gang gang gang..
And I promise you’ll never be the same
Same same same same same same..
What they talkin’ bout? They speakin’ names
Names names names names names names..
But I promised to never speak a name

You know that’s TGOD
Twist it up like gang signs
Keep it on the left side
And don’t blame me
He damn did it
Wut?