[Intro Sample]
I was parking my car the other day on Sutphin & Archer and I was going into the candy store right there on the corner. And a young man walked up to me and he said, “Preacher man, preacher man, why do I have to go to church?” I said to him, “Have you repented your sins, young man?”

[Verse 1: Styliztik Jones]
We ‘bout to go to church, I know you hear the organ chords
You preaching to the choir in the chapel corridor
Lord forgive me for all the shit I done before
My coordinates have turned me to a carnivore
That little hottie you got ain’t no Coretta Scott
A little fed time pass, I bet them letters stop
But niggas never gon’ change, just like the leopard’s spots
I got a flow that stay flooded as when the levees dropped
So all my lyrics is possessed with the spirits
Of children that couldn’t make it, God damn I know you hear it
When the shot clear out and the echoes go
Kids playing with techs, no Tecmo Bowl
Big cousin got murdered, big brother got a life bid
Cancer took my father from me, this is how my life is
Playing Smokey Robinson and waiting for the miracles
Looking in the mirror with a mind full of spirituals
My God!

[Hook]
No gossip, this is that gospel rap
Resurrect on the track, now the gods are back
Somebody pray for me, because the devil’s trying to get me
Just pray for me, because the devil’s trying to get me

[Verse 2: KB iMean]
This is tarantula rap, on the hammer crack
But no pictures posted, I’m a poet perhaps
I’m walking through the streets where all the toasters is at
Find me anywhere like throwin’ the door to the mat
No matter the locale
From New York City to SoCal
New school niggas should slow down
If not, then prepare for the showdown
At any given time it can go down
I walk with the ghost of a panther, the antlers of a devil
Rebel without a cause, pulling strings like Geppeto
Part of my team, too practical to settle
The beat I’ve got a have it like Edo, hello
I am not a soloist, I don’t play the cello
Metal rippin’, strayin’ through the walls faster than a tempo
I don’t bang unless it’s on instrumentals
You can hear the pain, I wish life was so simple

[Verse 3: KB iMean]
Ready for any altercation, the pen and the pad is my main squeeze
Lyrics is cold, sometimes I get a brain freeze
I can’t leave, my mind thinking the same schemes
Pedal to the floor, flowin’ at the same speed
Can it be I’m a deity of the city streets?
Searching for inner peace, demons seemingly envy me
This is a life that I can’t change
Got to maintain, still staring out the window with the AK

[Verser 4: Styliztik Jones]
Reading Ezekiel, still I’m keeping my heater close
Puffin’ this reefer and prayin’ that we don’t overdose
The Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost trinity
Baptize my words with a cup that’s full of Hennessy
Crusade the streets in a nice rimmed car
During midnight we ride like the Knights Templar
Think smart I do, a disciple I am
This is a leap of faith I take, I man

[Outro Sample]
My brothers and sisters, this evening my service concern. I want you to, want you to dig down. I said I want you to dig … I’m talkin’ ‘bout way down. And then I want you to come up. Come up, with the paper. ‘Cause I got to have it. You know, some of you out there, you say to yourself, you say, “You got all that money, and you seem to be always beggin’.” I ain’t beggin’. I’m just tryin’ to relieve you of some of that paper, ‘cause I got to have it