[Intro: Pharoahe Monch talking]
In the year 3000. Earth's upper echelon, government officials, and a genetic chosen few...have fled the planet Earth to seek refuge on Mars. The Earth in it's depleted state was left to its degenerates, criminals, and scum of its society. I was sent back in time to warn you of what is to come. My name is Pharoahe Monch. And this is my story

[Verse One: Pharoahe Monch]
I crawl on [?] optic eyes laying on my back
Carefully avoiding spine beams of light
These scriptures are
Quite unlike any story that's ever been told
I'm superbious to pain, I withstand limitless cold
Drop body temps avoid missiles that's heat seeking
Communicate without speaking
Plus born to
Step through time port holes to warn you
Of what will transpire in these last days
The ones who are supposed to protect the sea
Oxygen levels decrease making it hard to breathe
40 days of heat waves engrave the planet
There's war over this water, the sun melts to granite
Examine a world plague with disease and famine
Loose cannon reprimanded your leaders with no plan
[?] unscramble the genetic codes of man through channeling
One god, one aim, one plan

[Interlude: Pharoahe Monch talking]]
The year is 2001. The government has obtained the rights to charge families for the usage of clean oxygen and uncontaminated water. Human's are genetically profiled and separated in class. Due to their DNA structure and are forced into slave labor

[Verse Two: Pharoahe Monch]
3010
Niggas are hesitant to leave they place of residence
Military police keep peace, Hillary's president
It's evident
The government withholds the cure for AIDS
Nah, no revolution, citizens still afraid
German type tanks protect banks of [?]
In fact, they done made contact with celestial
Homing devices keep niggas from roaming
Oh Hillary, she exists through cross cellular cloning
Half man, half dog shit
Off the wall shit, [?] shit with a pig head and pray to the pulpit
Trying to obtain the secret to time travel
Assassinate key figures in time and unravel
United Federation of Psychotic Oppression
Through meditation I avoid psychotic depression
For adolescents throughout time, peep the lesson
One God, one aim, one plan, the obsession

[Hook] {x2}
Walk without walking
Seek without looking
Obtain nourishment for the mind without cooking
Talk without speaking
Reach without reaching
Educate the deaf and the blind without preaching