[Intro: B.o.B]
I see you looking at me
Looking at me, so I ask

[Hook: B.o.B]
Am I a psycho? Am I a psycho?
Yeah I’m a psycho, I guess I’m a psycho

[Verse 1: Joell Ortiz]
There's a cricket making noise outside of my windowsill
I can't concentrate on my Contra, yes I play Nintendo still
While reading a book and cooking, some say this is ADD
I count every single step I take, I like to a-d-d (add)
I just removed the brakes off of my brand new ATV
And switched the wheels with the BMX that I received in '83
I'mma ride past the precinct completely naked and say "Hey!"
I just totally forgot what I would say
But it would be mean, and they would just scream
And throw on they beams and try just chase me
Oh, what a scene, it feels like a dream
A scene from Cagney and Lacey
I used to love (?)
It was actually a tragedy, man I'm (?)
When everybody's happy, that makes me mad and I get angry and
Make everybody sad and then I'm glad
I'm not a baby
I just like to have my way and play and say these really good rhymes
And make you crumble up your paper a million times

[Hook]x2
Am I a psycho? Am I a psycho?
Yeah I’m a psycho, I guess I’m a psycho

[Verse 2: Joell Ortiz]
Hey, why you lookin' at me? Hm?
I ain't lookin' at you
But I gotta be lookin' at you to see you lookin' at me, that's true
Forget what I just said, my name is Ted, you wanna be cool?
Maybe go shoot some pool
Maybe go swim in a pool
Maybe we'll hit the gym, you can see how much wait I can pull
I'll make us protein shakes with isopure and Cujo drool
Or maybe we won't be friends, I'll make your eyeball look azul
With a left, a right, a kick, and a bite, let's fight (?)
Last night I watched a bootleg movie, it was clear
No one walked across the screen and I was the only one that cheered
Scratching my nut hair, guzzling beer
Hugging my bear
A doe, a deer, a female deer?
Ray? A blind man having fun, run, Son
Protecet your mom and sister, here they come
Bring it on you Klingons, how dare you test the fleet
I'll drag your furry ass across the Chesapeake

[Hook]x2
Am I a psycho? Am I a psycho?
Yeah I’m a psycho, I guess I’m a psycho

[Verse 3: Pharoahe Monch]
Here's a line why I haven't reached my prime when I rhyme
In my mind I'm three and a half, my alter ego is nine
I'm a fucking american psycho, lucky number slevin
Six million ways to die, saw seven
Leaving skeletons charred with the dental records (?)
Kelloggs, drinking General Mills, I'm ill
I popped Bill, I killed him
Propped him behind the wheel
When I ditched his last words "You need to see Doctor Phil"
Cannibal, tragic, more dramatic than Attica
Defrost ya head, and then smack the shit outta ya
Then refreeze it
Call it the first murder remix
Kill 'em, revive 'em, I'll leave 'em alive, paraplegic
"You should totally sting that police officer with a slingshot"
The voices inside my head are not the police, its sting
You'll be wrapped around my finger when I'm walking on the moon
It's murdered by numbers, and killing season is soon

[Hook]x2
Am I a psycho? Am I a psycho?
Yeah I’m a psycho, I guess I’m a psycho

[Outro: Joell Ortiz]
One Mississippi
Two Mississippi
Threee...bitches on my dickie
Four Mississippi
Five Mississippi
Siiiix, six was a good movie
Hehehe