[Hook: Pharoahe Monch]
Call me the Hitman, it's kind of hard, ain't it?
What most feared we'd become in the game we became, we became it
So I painted a masterpiece of an industry tainted
It's not a lithograph, so it's graphic, frame it
The Hitman (say it again)
The Hitman
The Hitman (say it again)
The Hitman

[Verse 1: Pharoahe Monch]
Some people say I'm extreme, broadcast a beam live through a meme
Screaming as Jimmy Iovine, as corrupt as Don King
Boxed into the ghetto, to be champions of bling
Industry's the arena, the Internet is the ring

You train audible Queens to sling music to fiends?
Then Def Jam, supreme team, the same thing
Except more critical now, digital cocaine
The goal's to control every individual's brain, like

Cadillacs for contracts in the 60's
Now it's rap till you 60 for contracts 360
The trick, switch the degrees with the three sixes
Artists are left with zero, you know who receives the riches

Which is the reason why there's only a few moguls
Globally, the pioneers are left in a chokehold
Enough to make an individual go postal
Watching these old folks get fucked for their vocals

[Hook: Pharoahe Monch]

The Hitman, it's kind of hard, ain't it?
What most feared we'd become in the game we became, we became it
So I painted a masterpiece of an industry tainted
It's not a lithograph, so it's graphic, frame it
The Hitman (say it again)
The Hitman
The Hitman (say it again)
The Hitman

[Verse 2: Pharoahe Monch]
If you are not performing fellatio for radio rotation
What's the ratio for radioplay at your station?
If you're not paying to play the record is dead
Puts a whole new spin on Radiohead

They got a thousand plays a week and we selling the same units
Put their best rep up, they couldn't stand next to it
People wanna relate, they wanna connect to it
Here's a lyrical check, is this enough for you to flex to it?

Huh? Or do you need more clues?
Should I be more black, would that change your view?
Should I dye my hair blond, should my eyes be blue?
Just a couple of questions I mustered up for you

But these eleven and a half shoes, you can't fill those
I make headlines (head lines) like corduroy pillows
And probably get banned from television and marketing
Targeting music industry politics provocative

[Hook: Pharoahe Monch]

[Verse 3: Pharoahe Monch]
The Hitman, it's kind of hard
Let's release sex tapes so we can become stars
Nude photographs of titties and asses
Increase our buzz, impress the masses

I thought she was supposed to be so passive
Now you just another ass in the end with an asterisk
Cell phone songs, you will never be classic
You sold your soul, they call that remastering

See, why does it have to be so drastic?
Chemical skin peel makes the song more plastic
Follow the program, man stick to the tactic
Twelve to eighteen, you know the demographic

These kids want popcorn, they want slapstick
Probably the chorus goes tisket, tasket
But I'm not willing to risk it mask it
This might take a couple of listens for you to grasp it

The Hit--