[Intro]
Why can’t you text me back my mind one track
Mind one track, my mind one track
My mind one track, mind one track
My mind one track

[Hook]
Keep your phone in ya back pack, half assed less you been in a car crash
Keep your phone in ya back pack, half assed less you been in a car crash

[Verse 1 - Kool A.D.]
I’m hella busy though, bone, bone, bone
Quit blowing up the phone, phone, phone
You need to leave the kid alone, lone, lone
You see playing a hell different zone, zone, zones

You see that I'm working
I see you be lurking for D
Chirpin' at V
Thirsty ain’t working for me
Baby I'm certainly free
Imma see you later that’s a certainty, certainly
Playful like your fat uncle Erwin be
Brah, you know we stay stackin’ hella currency

[Hook]
Why can't you
Why can’t you text me back
Why can't you
Why can’t you text me back

[Verse 2 - Sirah]
We’re all caught up in illusion
Y’all thirsty for the blueprint
Ridin’ round town with that new shit
Just to prove that you makin’ moves, yeah
Go ahead and flex with the rolley
Making calls with a stack, oh yeah
All I see is fake, yeah you phony
I don’t care what you say no way

[Hook]
Why can't you text me back my mind one track you're causing that, so slack
Keep your phone in ya back pack, half assed less you been in a car crash

[Verse 3 - Kool A.D.]
Y’all ain’t never seen anything like me
Hit you with the visine paint job
Cool A-rod the based god
I don't even gotta say pause, I’m trill
Psychedelic poetic gotta somewhere to be!
I can't call you back, imma do it later
Understand that you fuckin’ with a true player
Running round town big bossing like a mayor
Moves that’s major shoot like lazers
Kool go crazzer glued to the paper
Hella layers of cake, rivers and lakes and various waterfalls
Piranha type snap back just like a cap and what nizzot

[Hook]
Why can't you text me back my mind one track you're causing that, so slack
Keep your phone in ya back pack, half assed less you been in a car crash

[Verse 4 - Sirah]
You must really think that I’m not that smart
Text unread why you playing with my heart
Three dots... what you got bodies in your car?
Livin’ la vida love guess I was a mark
My tweets subliminal
Why you so difficult
You kill my vibe
Your actions criminal
I know that you know that I know you lie
You said your phone dead your Instagram live

[Verse 5 - Kool A.D.]
Nah wait, hold up, I got some money on the other line
Yeah rap click back, what up bitch? Oh shit - I mean what up chick
What is it? Look, I gotta little more money on the line
Yo cutty what ya doin’ mate I’m fine
True man, I’m lyin’
What I say about last time about the 9?
What 9? Never mind, yo hold up one minute
I be dealin’ with the queen, peace, click!

[Hook]
Why can't you text me back my mind one track you're causing that, so slack
Keep your phone in ya back pack, half assed less you been in a car crash
Why can't you text me back my mind one track you're causing that, so slack
Keep your phone in ya back pack, half assed less you been in a car crash