[Chorus: Dae Dae]
Da 'partments, that other shit
That other bitch, that fuck shit
That same ho, that lame ho
They say we done did it, I'm the one to blame though
I don't feel safe, how far can you go?
Tell them suckers get out my way
You either starve or go broke

[Verse 1: Ca$h Out]
I tripled the ice, I'm thinkin' 'bout the Wraith
Before these hoes fuck, I tell these hoes to bathe
We used to play with them sticks
Now it's palm trees and lemonade
We used to order them bricks
Now we booked up for many days
I used to ride on molly
Now these hoes love my wallet
Trap house organized
Got this bitch like Tha Carter
Boy you know I got murder ties
Fuck around and press your order
Big money, big money, big money, big money, put it up nigga
Stick money, stick money, stick money, stick money, hit 'em up nigga
Then hop in that new Range
My niggas they gang bang
You say you on gangster shit
Well I'm on the same thing
Head apartment in Lil Haiti
Movin' that cocaine

[Chorus: Dae Dae]
Da 'partments, that other shit
That other bitch, that fuck shit
That same ho, that lame ho
They say we done did it, I'm the one to blame though
I don't feel safe, how far can you go?
Tell them suckers get out my way
You either starve or go broke

[Verse 2: Dae Dae]
Parkway, Betheltown
Boulevard, just in time
Don't be surprised, my price is high
I'm driving by, I'm geeking high
A part of me said I couldn't wait
Get-get-get this bitch out my face please man
I'm cashing out on my jewelry
The bases loaded
How far can you go man?
How can I please you baby?
We not starting all that arguing
'Cause I been the motherfuckin'

[Chorus: Dae Dae]
'Partments ('partments), that other shit (other shit)
That other bitch (other bitch), that fuck shit (that fuck shit)
That same ho (that same ho), that lame ho (that lame ho)
They say we done did it (we done did it)
I'm the one to blame though (ayy, I'm to blame)
I don't feel safe (I don't feel safe)
How far can you go? (far can you go?)
Tell them suckers get out my way (get out my way)
You either starve or go broke (You either starve or go broke)
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah

[Outro: Sista Good Game]
Okay, see it's just a game right
Now she ain't with the playin', she gotta get the fuck outta there
It's bitch this and it's bitch that right
Bit bitch if you ain't in the kitchen when I'm cookin'
Bitch you know you don't get no plate right?
Hah, fuck's goin' on?
Screaming you're standing on loyalty
But really you're standing on snakes
Fuck's goin' on? huh?
Either you with me or you against me, huh
Bitch it seem like you against me