[Intro: Ca$h Out]
I'm talking trap shit
From now on, if you ain't been in that booth
I don't wanna do a song with you
Trap shit, aye

[Hook: Ca$h Out]
I roll up my weed, I'm smokin' that pound
I'm up in the boat, I think it's a drought
The car should pull out, the rest should pull out
What else can I say? I love the trap house
I love the trap house (x4)
The car should pull out, the rest should pull out
What else can I say? I love the trap house

[Verse 1: Ca$h Out]
I'm up in the boat, I'm whippin' a fo'
I'm whippin' a nine, the Rollie my time, no wastin' my time
I'm doing my time if I do the crime, these niggas gon' tell
I said these niggas gon' tell, they ain't got no bail, these niggas is hell
I love it, I love it like August Alsina, I'm whippin' a Beamer
These niggas, they plottin', these niggas, they schemin', [?]
Made everybody say "Woo!"
I'm up in the boat with Gambino, they say "Woo!"
Her pussy got a little tang so I say "Wu!"
Heh, heh, heh, don't crack me up
Money, you know I stacked it up
Six months then I packed it up, trap rules
Carry so much weight, shit, I gotta make the news
I love the trap house

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Quavo]
What can I say? I love the bando, you don't need to be talking
What can I say? The bando got a nigga Giuseppe-walking
Papi know that I'mma shoot
If you try to take a deuce, lean or boot
She a bad bitch but I make her cook, now she mad at me
She jingalin' them pockets out a papi
It ain't a trap house, you ain't got a shooter at the door
Hell nah, it ain't no trap house, you ain't got a fork and a bowl

[Verse 3: Takeoff]
I can't get enough of the egg beater
Got my hand in the bowl whippin' jungle fever
Walk in my trap house, I'm selling that Justin Bieber
Trap nigga, using my strap for a heater
My diamonds on cold, they callin' me Freezer
You pussy nigga, they call you Vegeta
A hundred thousand for a feature
Fifty thousand for a picture
Back then was I was a lil' nigga
Gettin' in trouble, had to see the preacher
Mama told me read the scripture
"Put God first and you'll be a rich nigga"
Whippin' and whippin' and whippin' and whippin' that pot
(Whippin' it, whippin' it, whippin' it) Till my arms fall off
Lot of ratchets, pacer active, money machine how I'm coppin' it

[Hook]

[Verse 4: Offset]
I love the trap house, got a brick on my couch
Got a K on my couch, got yo' bitch in my house
I built the empire, started with a ounce
Stretching the nine cause every ground counts
Trap out the bando, just like I'm Rambo
It's just surveillance when I change the channel
Trappin' and cappin' bought me a new Phantom
I paid my dues, I dropped outta school
They say I'm a fool, I'm whippin' the deuce
I never fold cause I don't have a clue
Touch down on a pussy like dog food
Distributing work with intentions
I'm the teacher, yo' bitch in detention
Fifty bricks all outta quantity
Controllin' the flour, good quality
(Woop woop) There go 12!
Go in the house, we can't go to jail!
No T.I., I'm on a paper trail
Enchilada for sale like Taco Bell
Indian, trap with the cartel
Cook in the kitchen, Offset a chef
My fork swim in water like Michael Phelps
I made a million in the trap with no help!

[Hook]