[Hook: SouthSide]
A young Blood .. What it hitting for ..
Shit me little cuzo trying to kick it ..
Heard you got that Houstatlanta shit
That make you switch your grammar shit
That slow yo roll tide, what's the ticket ..
You know we do it big, over here ..
Ain't nothin' to it, but to do it, Aww yeah ..
We just trying to do it right, all night
Live life, couple Sprites and bag full of Swishers ugh
2 cups and my swisher ( Repeat 8 x's )

[Verse 1: SouthSide]
I got my nigga Knock to the right in the passenger, late night session in the H again
Dope ass hook and a dope ass verse man I hope you niggas know what you taking in
I do it big I do it large, I do this shit like all of the time
Everytime I'm on stage and they screaming my name you can bet that the boot it be on my on mind
And I be on my grind hoe, my city who I do it for, better believe it nothing comes easy
Time of the essence, so I'm pressin' every second, if you checkin' or inspectin' you can see that my slate is clean
I say what I mean and mean what I say so respect it I'm never neglected
I told my niggas quit trippin' I swear that we'll make it up there in a second
I wrestle with destiny and I grapple with greatness
I told my fans they gone always get the best of me and I ain't never gon fake it, never relate to that fake shit
I be on my grind ho, on my grind ho, I'm young fly and I'm vicious
Whether H town or the boot you know that South be bout his business

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Lil Keke]
2 cups and a nice square, smoke one cause the price fair
Pull up in that foreign whip with a bad bitch sitting right there
Rollin' up that Kush bag, still talk with that hood swag
Still got to do it real big over here, them haters then been mad
Come through sittin' so low, still want to know what they hittin' for
Feeling like Screw with a potent four, 2 white cups then I start the show
See Young Don he floating ahead, broke ass niggas they close too scared
Right now we husting hard cause a real nigga here stay close to bread
H-Town I was born to rep, tell the whole world I'm a Texas thug
8100 nigga nothing but love, do it for the hood and the crips and bloods
2 Cups, 2 broads, street raised this 12 bars
This SouthSide my head hard, we trap stars with nice cars

[Hook]

[Verse 3: SouthSide]
I'm double cupped Toccara, you go hard I go harder
My ride clean, my blunt fat, its real loud Ms Parker ..
My swag on like 80,000 twenty-million and 50 …
My side ho got 5 hoes thats down to fuck if we wit it …
I got 2 cups and some swishers, ugh 2 cups and some swishers mane
I'm extra screwed, I'm in a special mood and this kush pack is exquisite …
I ride around I get it, then I, settle down and just kick it
Nigga Da Don in here Keke we looking like Kings and they looking like pawns here…
Its gon be a long year and my reign comin' my reign comin' I'm seeing miracles
My ride black I mean all black and my engine humming them Negro Spirituals
I'm feeling myself and if you ain't feeling me then you niggas just tripping
I'm just trying to do it right, like all night with these double cups and my Swishers
SOUTH !

[Hook]