Hold up man, shit crazy man
Tryna set the mic on fire
Steady puttin' gas on the blaze
Screw on the mix, you really don't want none of this here
Know what im talm bout
Fuck up the [?]

[Verse 1: Lil Keke]
Got half on the weed
Breakin' this double, don't need no seed lets [?]
Lets get together, ridin' on the leather
Back in the game I wore candy loafs and pleather
Lets get some Jordans, get some Ralph Lauren
I'm gon' come down flip down in the foreign
Its some big benz and the bulbs shining bright
I done came down with my swisher rolled tight
Got 5 on it, like to sip a four
I'm a come down screwed up click pourin' slow
Screwed across the world, ocean of the funk
Time to get crunk I ain't never been no punk
Niggas wanna speak, got seven seats
Fuck seven hoes every week
Never been a capper, niggas gonna snapper

[Kay-K]
I'm stuck in this world, I'm worrying about my paper
All the hustlers know the paper rules
Thinking about the (?) for my eyes
And all the players clocking G's, aside(?)
Now it's time for me to slip on the ave, got my big gal
Got my bourbon on slab, the bullet (?)
More fiends and we're clocking the G's(?)
I got five on it, wanna come smoke with me?
(?) for the '95 to the '96
The drop top 400, (?) yeah bitch?
Young in the game, I'm never gonna change
As long as my flows (?), I'mma swang
For my neighborhood, where it's all good
I'm rolling (?) on some wood
A point understood
Gon' go catch a fucking case
It's Kay-K in the industry in your face
First I blow up with my syrup in my cup
I represent the '96 all Screwed Up

[DJ Screw]
So much stress, damn I can't cope
With all the drank and syrup and blowing killa smoke
Staying on my hustle, each and every day
Me and (?) that's the only way
To survive as a young black youth
I done Screwed Up the whole rap industry
Screwed Up Click, coming in '96
And all you jealous player haters, y'all can eat a dick
Cus it don't stop, and you know I'm stayin' down
Representing the south side, for the H-Town
Putting in work all day it ain't no joke
I'm about a drank, Kay go and buy the smoke
Six deep in the bourbon, steady flippin'
Nigga we some players, we ain't set trippin'
Better keeps my nine for them niggas outta line
If it be a murder I ain't scared to do the time
I let the nigga beat it on lock outta state(?)
Man to be a trip, how to be this player hater(?)
But we gon' keep flippin' and you know we high side
Cus the nigga Screw is gonna get me some wine(?)

[H.A.W.K.]
Say Screw done got beat, got his face in the syrup
Saying where's the alcohol? So nah, here's the main course
Now I done grabbed the mic so you know it's time to wreck
Got a (?) five birds (?) to the deck
Got licked up in Asia and Iran
Stopped off in Florida sold the bird to this chick(?)
Sipping on the paint so you know I'm in the lean
Got my last check, so I sold it to a kid/key(?)
Made major moves didn't have no hassle
Now I'm back in my (?) flipping to my castle(?)
That's the way it is, the way I want it to be
Those were my dreams, now here's reality
Born as a hustler since my first day of birth
Struggling in this game trying to get what it's worth
Now that I'm older I done really got wise
Known for my homies and these hoes I despise
Bell Biv Devoe and (?)
How you niggas learn from the bitch (?)
Hoes by the name of (?) with a little money
Pussy was the scent to make him act funny
Turn against your friends make your (?)
Now she's (?) down the boulevard
Now the moral of the story always stay a G
Never get took by a piece of pussy
Now I keep (?) travelling foreign places
And I keep stacking dead presidents' faces
Now I'm a bitch to the bay(?)
It's another lesson from the H.A.W.K

[Lil' KeKe]
Summer rising (?), hair line receding
Car steady speeding, (?)
The corners of the streets, and three of them are shiest
But the last corner is the chapter of my life
The game is a book, I stop and took a look
And then I figured out I had the skills of a crook
My plan and my wages, turning my pages
Changing my ages, levels and stages
Blood steady pumping through my veins and soul
Smoke coming out my mouth and out of my nose
Stress on my chest, burning me like sess
Selling it for less, really ain't the best
So I drift back to the days of the south
I was sipping my ass and a quarter in my mouth
Now I realized that the game is more drastic
Drapers in my car but it could be up in my casket
So pay attention, oh did I mention
The song that we singing is a Screwed Up invention
Rocks up in my wrist, dirt up in my piss(?)
Haters in my face, long against my list
Stacking me a bank, sipping on this drank
Getting up on my knees, because the lord is who I thank
I'm ending this song with a touch of class
When I'm on the mic, I shows my naked ass
Thanks for your support, what you would put forth
Pay me my money, or meet me up in court
Get up off my dick, we left the world sick
This is Lil' Keke representing the Screwed Up Click