Feat. Smoke DZA
Ain't no sunshine when the smoke is gone
I'm on the flyest shit I've ever smoked
Floating, talking dirty on the telephone
Blue pills in the code drink
Running his mouth like he won't leak
Said he was solid and he won't speak
Just looking at time gave him cold feet
Been in this hotel for 3 weeks
Sitting on 60 peas and dirty sheets
Sealing up 60 g's and dry her sheets
Send her back home now it's time to eat
Young … in that box chevy
Windows down smoking good and the cops smell me
And today, I don't give a fuck
I saw the police when I fired up
Yeah I guess I'm on my … shit
All eyes on me, fuck it, watch this
Watch me turn 60 into 2 50
Pink … sticky with the roof missing
All I know is money these other dudes …
Let's see how high this weed gets me
I'm on the flyest shit I've ever smoked
Loaded, getting high while I'm selling dope
Riding, looking for a lil bitch to fuck
Celebrating, the pussies don't live like us
I'm on the flyest shit I've ever smoked
Doping, like the …dripping down the throad
Celebrating, the pussies don't live like us
Just the flyest shit I've ever smoked
Hit it 2 times and I'm light headed
At the mall going crazy
I like spending, do you really see that light when your life's ending?
Car full of white women, all white linen celebrating
When we cross state lines and then we pray
We pray everything's fine, once we touchdown and we get to work
Gotta go hard, gotta move this purp
Making love to this money, I'm such a flirt
And I always get high first
Yeah I'm feeling like a mill plus, I bet a bunch of suckers wanna kill us
But we ride and get high of this fly shit
I'm smoked out of this cherry pie shit
…ice burning good in the paper plane
My head's hot I'm loaded, I'm feeling great
Yeah I'm feeling like I just escaped
Fuck that bullshit, I can't feel the pain
I wish I could be this high, everyday
What we smoking on gotta know the name
I'm on the flyest shit I've ever smoked
Loaded, getting high while I'm selling dope
Riding, looking for a lil bitch to fuck
Celebrating, the pussies don't live like us
I'm on the flyest shit I've ever smoked
Doping, like the …dripping down the throad
Celebrating, the pussies don't live like us
Just the flyest shit I've ever smoked
Sip sipping on that cherry pie, super strength got a nigga superman high
See burner that's my homie we got …
Smoker's club baby no hand outs
Taking … right off the plane
Soon as you break the … you can smoke the …
Can't smoke with the big boys, you … fame
Call for … of that shit that we …
One poof, 2 poofs look at him, he's done
I often count, still got an ounce left
Fuck it I keep chief and I ain't out yet
Rookies can't handle the girl scout cookie, they lightweight
I … state, …rewind tape
2, you know how we do, I hit the base legal
Hit the shop stack upon some snacks for my people
Smoking swagged don't pass me no bammer
If it ain't … don't even put your hand up
You almost call me slipping there I can't front
But still … tricks is for kids, man up
Ain't no sunshine when the smoke is gone
Ain't no sunshine when the smoke is gone
Ain't no sunshine when the smoke is gone
Ain't no sunshine, ain't no sunshine
Ain't no sunshine when the smoke is gone
I'm on so fly shit, what yo all smoking on ?
We on some fly shit