[Intro - clip from Extract (2009)]
Could I buy some pot from you?
Ok so I want you to listen to me, you should try smoking a little pot
That's a drug
It's not a drug, it's a flower. It has healing properties. Stress is a killer
I get paranoid when I smoke pot
Not if you smoke a little. You know what you need to do? You need to hang out with my boy [DZA], he's a great guy

[Verse 1: Smoke Dza]
Ain't no reasonin', we leavin' em
Shit got hot, we breezing 'em
Got the net popping like blunts, we season em
Shit get dark like evenin', big dark shades like eaz and them
Trying to squint your eyes, put your hardest rhymes, but you ain't seeing them
I be on my bullshit indeed
Know my repertoire, man that nigga Sean, on a higher echelon, next to none
He be on it, super strong shit, blow that bomb piff, on that harlem don shit
Nigga you a softy, hardcore rapper but your glossy talking, sideways out the mouth like you got bell palsy
Must be the pauly, must be the henny, you know that dark liquor be having a nigga up in a frenzy
Pause your show like TVO, me and my nigga Neako, warn your people, you fuck around and get d-bow (?)
Give you bars like a preacher on a pulpit, I be on, I be on, I be on my bullshit

[Interlude: clip from Extract (2009)]
Are you familiar with a Graphics bong? you ever used one before?
Ok, put your right thumb here on the carburetor
Now when I tell you to let go, I want you to let go and inhale hard
Ok, exhale
GO INHALE, GO GO, HARDER!

[Verse 2: Neako]
Easy wider roller, sour patches, turn the music lower, they ice grill I drive slower
Chop a lot of grass, fuck it lawnmowers
Smoke DZA, young skeeta, ash burners
As for them, punk niggas we drive further, go harder, hail Mary's and I Father's
Niggas talking, I don't hear them, I'm exhausted from all this money, boy I'm so lawless
Niggas say they waiting on the day for me to slow up, that's coming real soon but only when I'm poured up
Purple dreams, white cup, tat loose, fucking with my down bitch, who I move around with
Niggas say they hear me but I'm feeling like I'm soundless, screaming 'fuck them all fuck them all' with the loudness
I get allowance, every single hour, did it for the money but I'm living for the power, holla at me

[End - clip from Extract (2009)]
[Laughing]
Jesus Christ
You see the look on his face? man you do get paranoid when you get stoned
You do dude, you got paranoid when he jumped at you
I told you guys