[Verse 1: Smoke DZA]
I'mma, low down dirty (?) shame you
Always stay high, can I please hop on your plane?
Uh, uh, clean as fuck, not a saying
This a different type of fly home-boy, stay in your lane
Run up in his bitch like Goldie, presidential Rollie, playa of the year
See them niggas hatin' way off in the rear
I only see competition when I'm lookin' in the mirror
It's not fear, I'm top tier, cause I talk about blonde grass
They try to make a monster nigga flow, like I ain't that dope, but they got me in the wrong class
Talking ? Sean Pauls, make bolder moves, show these niggas how to walk right
Come through, snatch all the hoes, nigga, cool as ice
Give these motherfuckers frostbite bubble my pop pipe
Can't wait till I (?) out, Ralph Lauren shit, that's all that I (?)
Rugby in the skully year 'round, crazier as it sounds
Nigga to cool to be hit out, help me take notes
Kush God's here nigga fear no more
Fuck nigga tried to play me but I ain't no whore
Probably in the trap if I ain't on tour
(?) still gotta get paid, that's for sure
Niggas on twitter wanna hear that raw
(?) rap nigga try to play that boy
Career be hit with nail (?), won't be here no more
Say no more

[Hook:]
You be (?) keep working when this ain't no (Biggie)
We can do this state to state, this ain't no (Biggie)
I'mma need you to roll one, no slim is (?) (Biggie)
And we the best to do it like 2Pac, Jay-Z, (Biggie)

[Verse 2: Fiend]
Gone need cornbread on that block, my girls comfort and they hot
Plus I hail from Louisiana, so you know I got the gumbo in my pot
You ain't gotta wonder on my pops (?)
I'm so (?) proof, Kush is sour, it's international, money and power best to do
Three dykes, two nights, how you want to shoot this to get this dust?
I ain't sleep right in three nights, thinkin' 'bout that bread we about to touch
Fuck! Many thousands on paper, spent millions, place a wager
Gumbo to (?), but to the (?), still a playa
Romey, Rome, know this your hommie Jones in that hibachi
Offer 'Zona strong, 'bout to be hard as these horns go off (?)
I put face up in her body, it was face up in the street
Now I face her on performance, thirsties chase her when she tweet
Like, sweet as a pomegranate, new pussy on campus, I know you pissed
You've been at her for a year, caught a (?), and she ain't even showed you tits?
Shit!
I pulled up on her dorm and she hopped out naked!
(?) boppin' on my hood and had the nerve to call me sexist!

[Hook:]

[Verse 3: Big Sant]
I'm presidential with the pen
I ain't playin', I'm a pimp
From the 'sip, get a whiff of what I'm rockin'
Wonder who rock my trunk, not from way down the block, who I put that on my sub, I ain't stoppin'
You was in the wind, I was in the air, puttin' fingers in her hair tryna hold a job steady
Niggas ain't ready but best be for the flow, I keep introducing to ya like you just met me
Hi, I'm Big Sant bitch, not bitches in a whore, but bitches in I like to cut
Every night, I bust a thick bitch down, tryna get rich now, what you wanna be like? It's like us
Better get ya liver up, get a better plan, get an extra man if you ever thought you was competition
Better off Whistling Dixie, or tryna hit me, either way the story ends with you missin'
Trickin' is unacceptable, I ain't the still (?) the next to blow
But I'm poppin' enough (?), gettin' checks from (?) 16, plus he got my foot in the door
Still tippin' fold, hold up stop control, let me catch my breath, hit a hater with the left
Like a southpaw, outlaw, thug life, drunk night, whippin' in the kitchen like a shelf
Best you be 'bout what you say, no recess, man I don't play
I'm talkin' money on time, when I (?), the dollar better show up not a day late
Whatever what you do the niggas gone hate, they'll be the same game again my foe
I let 'em know that no matter where you see me, any city, any state, I'ma never be a (?) for a ho

[Hook:]