[Verse 1: Jaden Smith]
Aye girl how you livin tonight?
Can I get forgiven tonight?
Cause the way that it’s lookin like I’m sinning tonight
Cause I’m lookin and I see a lot of women tonight
They'll probably try and blow me off
So they'll stunt about my swag so they know I’m bossing
You know a joker gotta ball
They say how’d you get it back, cause I never lost it
You know a joker stay afloat
They like my music they don’t every really play it though
Is it just cause I’m a minor?
And I’m ticking like a timer, and all my ladies finer than your women?
All my clothes designer and I’m hotter than an iron
And the irony’s I'm tired and I’m winnin
And I’m grinning
Maybach, yeah I’m in it
Girl why you trippin? Take a minute
Oh, geez
Girl I’m kidding
Take you to my spot, I can show you how I’m livin
Get up in my car but only if you’re with it
We’d be kissin’ in the back cuz my windows stay tinted
I just did it to 'em
No girl, I’m not timid
You can hit the mall my car, don’t got a limit
Even if it you did, lil joker didn't hit it
Cuz you keep on going higher ever since I started spitting
Girl you sad, I get it
Girl you mad, what is it?
Something bad? I'll fix it
But all you want is swag
Well, I’m glad that you admit it
Cause these jokers tripping

[Hook: Jaden Smith & T. Coles]
Bruh this is my town
Teo in the spot when the joker ain’t around
Pat me on the head, just be careful of the crown
And my dad said that you still lost 'til you found
And you keep theem going down

Sometimes life is hard, don’t let love get you down(down, down)
Don’t do it girl, don’t do it
You’re so beautiful but baby, who knew it?

Sometimes life is hard, don’t let love get you down (down, down)
I admit it, I get pissed when you trippin
We either break-up or make up so forget it

[Verse 2: Jaden Smith]
Girl you walked up in the night club
Well, you walked up in the right club
And some dudes tryna get something
Well, it’s bout to be a fight club
Cause I been lookin for a hottie with a body
Girl you got me Thinking
Girl I got you drinking
Lemonade stay pink, and we can sneak in
My room for the weekend
Tell that chef that you a vegan
Baby you ain’t never leaving
Kiss you want a cheek when you sleepin
Beacon of light
Baby girl, good night
I know that you on my sight
But that’s only for the night
Why it always gotta feel wrong when it’s right?
It’s about to go down and you know it
Girl I really like it so just slow it down
Girl while I'm off bein' a poet,(down)
You 'gon be at home trying to hold it down
When you get mad girl I know it(down)
That’s when you take your phone and you throw it down
I’m looking at you now and you going(down)
And I looks up in my eyes and you know it(down)
And I hold it but it’s bout to go down

[Bridge: Jaden Smith]
It’s about to go down
It’s about to go down
It’s about to go down
It’s about to go down
It’s about to go down
It’s about to go down
It’s about to go down down down..

[Hook: Jaden Smith & T. Coles]
Bruh this is my town
Teo in the spot when the joker ain’t around
Pat me on the head, just be careful of the crown
And my dad said that you still lost 'til you found
And you keep theem going down

Sometimes life is hard, don’t let love get you down(down, down)
Don’t do it girl, don’t do it
You’re so beautiful but baby, who knew it?

Sometimes life is hard, don’t let love get you down (down, down)
I admit it, I get pissed when you trippin
We either break-up or make up so forget it
Swag