[Verse 1: Jaden Smith]
You got the cash, well I'm about to come and embezzlement
I am on a whole 'nother level
I put the bass up in your face and you're feeling it treble
You jokers corny like kettle
My superflow is so olympic that I need a medal
Pop out the bushes like "Hello!"
I reach for the top, never settle, you say you rock, you a pebble
I'm rock and roll, I'm heavy metal
Where are you now? Where are you now? I'm whipping it
Sitting back, listening, where are you, where are you now?
Whipping it, butterfly, butterfly, where are you now?
Falcon, falcon, falcon

[Hook: Jaden Smith]
Cops on the road, fuck 'em
There's cops on the road, there's cops on the road, fuck 'em
There's cops on the road, falcon, I'm on the move
Cops on the road, douse 'em, I got you all bouncing
Falcon

[Bridge: Raury]
I am not afraid to walk the lonely road
I'm so curious of where it goes, oh
Who really cares? We won't be there
When kingdom comes, it all falls do-o-o-o-own

[Verse 2: Jaden Smith]
Ooohh (cops on the road)
I hope wherever you are
You can see all of the stars, constellations
I'm impatient, you are beautiful (beautiful)
You should know (you should know)
Wherever you go, I'ma follow
Wherever you go, I'ma follow
My heart is so hollow, I'm high as Apollo
Seventeen, having problems with all of them models
Who got them red bottoms and bottles
We gotta go skrrt, hand on the throttle
Oh, only you could hold me down
What do you think that I'm doing when you're not around?
I'm just at home by myself
Or out with them girls but we both know that doesn't help me
No, no, I'm ready to go, so much better than before
Nigga said I wasn't dope but now my head is on the road

[Break: Jaden Smith]
Bounce (got me swerving on the road)
Bounce (all them cops is on the road)
Bounce, bounce (cops, falcon)

[Verse 3: Raury & Jaden Smith]
Back and I'm relaxed in East Atlanta
I’m an African-American, a variant to what my city's lacking
The world has gone to hell, I just roll up the gas
And pass it all around the circle to my day one homies
Oh, you actin' like you know me?
Remember when I was so lowkey
Chill in the cut with a doobie and a cutie
Man I gotta live life, I know they gon' judge me
(Ohhh) But that's a necessary evil, uh
And I was born to sin like people, oh
(My eyes are right) I'm living a lie
Trying to do what is right, yeah
Go on mama, do your dance
Need my money in advance, the Louie V pants
I'm never playing bout my bands
Kick in your door, "doo doo doo!" with the tool in my hand
Raury they don't understand
We had to stick it to the man, we bout to hit the road
Get the money where I can
Let them hate on this event (that's just a piece of the plan)

[Skit: News reporter]
Breaking news. There seems to be a high speed police chase, at north bound on the Los Angeles 101 freeway. There seems to be two cars trying to outrun police officers with falcon winged doors. This is interesting, stay tuned...

[Outro]
Do you remember now?
Syre, the boy who chased the sunset, until it chased him
The boy who had no fears, until he faced them
The boy whose words seem to never make sense
This is ninety