[Intro]

Whoa, whoa!
Whoa, whoa!
Yeah!

[Verse 1: Ali Tomineek]
What you call a icon living ?
I been a icon tell me why y'all slipping? (Whoa!)
"Yikes" got they minds all tripping
Now they grab they iPhone yelling
"I want a picture" (Whoa!)
But I'm not a role model I'm a villain
Cause I got a whole lotta trouble that I'm bout to get in
Really gotta slow down
I'm on the road and I'm doin shows, stealin souls
I'ma probably end up in a prison (Whoa!)
Swear to god my life on William
I’m a Prince check the name that I got given
Probably why they call the kid "sire"
I don't get tired man I inspire
While I'm building up an empire (Whoa!)
Put that on my Squad I'm a general
7 years in my lab mixing chemicals
I found the formula that I been lookin for
You gone get exposed to it soon as it explode (Boom!)
I predicted this I had a premonition
Y’all still catching up to what the kid envisioned
Y'all don't really understand the bigger picture
How you iconic when you don't even know the definition? (Whoa!)
My daddy picked me up when I was little
Told me in order to win it I gotta be independent like whoa!
Now I’m making movies independent
Making moves just like an eviction
Every time that I come around
They look at a youngin' like "we don’t know no one like you"
Word to Raichu shock em all when I ride through
Now they wanna come over and kick it like they Ryu
But I gotta shine like the mind on Caillou
No time, don’t get mad cause I never invite you
You was never around back whenever I tried to
Now I done became tycoon from my haikus

[Hook]
I am just a icon living
Started recognizing that my mind all different
So fly that my time zone switching
I’m doing this for the real ones
Bout to take the industry and flip it
Repping 31 until I'm finished
Finna turn my squad into a militia
And if I want it I manifest it into existence like...

(Whoa, haha, I am an icon, yeah, yup yup)

[Verse 2: Ali Tomineek]
I am not like y'all (nope)
I am an icon (look)
No I do not like y'all (nah)
Check it I keep an eye out like a cyclops
Gotta watch all them pythons
They be creeping in my lawn
Tryna sneak up and bite dog
But I'm keepin my lights on
Bringin' my sword case I need to come slice y'all
Legendary boy I'm legendary, you unnecessary
Said you feelin froggy
But you leapin kinda like you February, only sometimes
Boy I been jumping up out the gym like I'm Carter
I'm convinced I'm a baller
Young Prince like T'Challa
You lacking energy better go pick up a charger
Yeah woo look what I, look what I started
I got that liquid, that water
Made up a wave they gone know exactly who the Squad is
Turn it into a tsunami
Whoa!
Jump in the game and I start a party
Leavin' a mark on it like a Sharpie
Permanent can’t nobody get rid of me
They be like "You gotta be kidding me!"
I never tell nobody I’m sorry (ayy)
Already know I ain't apologizing
Can you hear me like Verizon?
Let me rewind I’m powerful minded
I felt like I should remind you (yeah!)
Soon as I started realizing
I could open my horizons
I could really feel my power level start rising
Now it’s over 9,000
Look it it’s really never surprising, ayy
Got a plan I been steady devising, ayy
I gotta go get it never pausing, Word to Austin
They be lookin for the power like they lost it
Kinda like Waldo into the darkness
But it's inside 'em they gotta find it
Gotta remind 'em everyone got it
But they forgot it forgot the knowledge
So they look at ME and want me to guide 'em (woo!)
Let me get it
I gotta mention that I’m from another dimension
And I’m only here for a visit
Yo I’m only here for a minute
And after that minute I’m dippin, I’m gone (woo!)
I been sent on a mission to take human nature and flip it
Going a mile a minute
Feeling like I been having a secret inside of me
Living up in society with it
Listen I’m tired of it
Everyone zombies under technology
They won’t acknowledge it
Internet slaves most people live in a daze
They don’t know we living a game
Open up your mind
Take a little look into your face
Don’t gotta wear a diamond to shine
Break free from the chains
You was made in the image of a great
You an icon
Hold up wait everybody hating getting wiped off
I gotta hit em with the Pine Sol
They talkin dirty but I might mop, they quite soft
(haha just playin, just playin)