[Produced by Daniel D'artiste]

[Verse]
All you jokers think I'm tripping better think again
He's a cool guy, pool side—got a, nice ride, far sighted
Car ignited, too excited and I don't sink in it (No!)
He just tryna make the pain go away
Make the fame go away
Cause it's all about now, right now
No past, no future, Lex Luther (Ow!)
But if you got a pass, get up on the stage now
Right now, we dance to the music
It's crazy cause all of them sound so the same
You driving them places, you changing them faces
They all know your name right now
Do I look like Scarface?
We should go far away, function on Broadway
I ain't get your call today, ain't get your call today
They say I'm famous, it's hard to say
Look at the carpet, it's bargain day
That's why I hate when you talk to me
Slurring my words, girl it's burgundy
I know that all of you heard of me
I be that kid that just speaks with his certainty
I got this jewelry on purposely
Just so you know when you work with me
Things can come down in a flurry, see
The cycles, the cycles, I stay on the high note
Just turn on the, turn on the Tycho please
Just came out of cryofreeze
Teeth are bright white so that night can see
Come and get hype with me
Come and get hype with me
Private society, blind, but you try to see
Handle it privately, why did you lie to me?
Why did you, Bruce Lee? John F. Kennedy? (Who?)
Baby girl, just know your enemies (Who?)
Baby girl, make sure you 'member me (Who?)
When I'm not gon' waste my energy
I'm not gon' waste my inner chi
Tryna finish me, kill a joker with my imagery
The government will not be killing me
No, the government will not be killing me
So I'ma bet pounds right now
That if a tree fell down and no one was around
You think that it would even make it sound?
Would it even touch the ground, baby?
Is Galileo in the town?
Find 'em hanging by a string, baby
Tell me what you think, baby, 'ish is going down
In my mind, I am the king
I'll turn everything to pink, baby
Don't you make a sound, no, no
Come and kick it in the sink
Help me wash my cuban links
I've been here before, I think?