[Intro]
(phone rings)
KG: What the fuck! Hello?
VOICE: What up nig?
KG: What up nigga?
V: Shit, chillin'
KG: Shit, I say --
V: What you getting into?
KG: I’m just cooling bruh, I’m just cooling. But look, I’m bout to get it in right fast, nigga I love you, let me do this I'mma call you later
V: Alright nigga
KG: Alright love you boy
V: Love you too nigga
KG: Alright. Keep all that!

[Verse 1]
Gladiators on deck, drug user, don’t drink Sprite
And when I do, it ain't pink Sprite, a lot of lean, it’s purple
Trust issue, don't trust really, no two point conversion
Won't run it after I touch down, my punter kicking, it's defense
(What you get into this weekend?)
Where was you when I was slumped over?
Gums hurting from a old bullet
In front the toilet while hunched over
Puking all of my insides, stab wounds from a old friend
Well at that time we were close friends
They say I killed him in cold blood
We wrestled for the gun but the gun went off
He up’d the pistol, looked him dead in his eyes
I been ready to die so nigga, do it
"Gates lying," I'll really do it
I’m serious too, nigga, really do it
Turned his head, closed his eyes
Aimed the tool, started shooting
I didn’t die, my life a movie

[Hook]
4:30 AM, never say when, it’s five in the morning
And your children are somewhere on the corner
6:00 AM water boiling
Think I'm addicted to the strong aroma

[Verse 2]
When I was touching McKinley, Erin really my best friend
And I was loving her best friend, bright Brittany with the long hair
You know Flavar Lloyde lil' sister
She stole a Jag for to come and get me
I was buying dope, in and out the system
Brandy fucking my nigga Ray
At the same time, fuckin' Coach Whitney
He the track coach, and a asshole
Know that didn't have shit to do with this
I was just stating the facts though
Jessica round me, talking sexual bout me
She bend over in front me from the back while I'm pounding
Now it's over, bitch get up and get out
I mostly likely forgot to mention, but we was in my trap house
Just brainstorming, in the game forming these thoughts into ideas
No regrets for the shit I did; that also mean for the niggas I killed!

[Hook:]
4:30 am, never say when, it’s five in the morning
And your children are somewhere on the corner
6:00 a.m, water boiling
Think I'm addicted to the strong aroma