[Verse]
Where we go from here, If I leave the block
A little money fine but I need a lot
Take a preachers route but dont lie to people
I ain't never seen anything in the sky
Clean in the ride, what I mean that I'm fly
With a bitch super mean, bumpin' lean to the side
I was thinkin bout any means I could try
I believe in a high!
Being logical gave me a reason to doubt
Scheme for things I was dreaming
In a magazine article reading about
Face card, I ain't got to pay for drugs
It comes free with the artificial look
Could I just do me, Let me be me
I ain't arguin' for much
I'm with this bitch and I feel free
She don't demand of me for much
My sex drive been at an all time low
I can barely get it up!
Tryin' to keep another mother fucker happy
Swear I'm givin' up!
Drug usage is increasing since the last time
Been gone awhile and I'll be back just like the last time
Racks on me, stacks on me, Travel hard
One nation under God!
In the car alone, prayin' to the stars
Engine roaring, make a joyful noise
Praise be to Allah, come this far or not!
Cocaine, foreign car, look who takin' off!
Throwin' money at my nigga
Younger sister really wishin' he was with us
But look who takin' off!
Band for you to keep, love I'm finna leave
So I guess I'm taking off!
No one will love you like I do so never hesitate to call
Know I could always count on you to always have me there at all
Good hearted if you think wrong
How could you be right?
Four niggas fuckin' the same bitch
She pop up pregnant this can't be life
Get rid of the bitch, 'fore I get rid of you bitch
I'm sick of you bitch
No hands on ya, rubberbands on ya, I ain't talkin' like a stripper
Pay they do it, send razors through, spray the kay and make you flip
Only reason I ain't kill your mother
Strength of her daughter
And she cheats everyday on your daddy
Tryin' to give orders
Then they try to extort a gangsta, I'm someone important
Don't step in my office, I ain't about no talkin'
Be sippin' my coffee while bullets is sparkin'
Without any caution, now watch who I'm crossin'
Boobie is awesome, catch up if I lost ya
With this I went off
My grandpa a gangsta, he died I went off
Don't interrupt me while I am recordin'
Shit so depressing, I wish I could pause it
Misunderstand it, put that in a coffin'
Back to the margin, re-up and get off it
Label an orphan, Lane of my own
I got the hawkin, I am retarted
Know theres a name, don't know what to call it

[Hook]
No ones watchin' but the angels
My hearts been takin' by this angel
I, To many insecurities that won't allow me to trust
Why not protect us from love, If they’re angels?
My hearts been taking by an angel
No ones watchin' but this angel
I, To many insecurities that won't allow me to trust
Why not protect us from love, If they’re angels?