I'm like everybody else, I want to drill right fast
When I keep it all real it don't feel quite bad
Real talk baby, what the deal right fast?
Know you hurt but you really got to feel right fast
I'm that nigga everybody want to kill right fast
But they better hurry up because the kill right fast
You should really plan on fucking and the dick not bad
And I'm really bout to up and touch your mirror right fast

I ain't playing with you, wait a minute ma
I kind of like the way you doin, what you doin' ma?
I'm saying wait a minute, ay what you doin' ma?
I kinda like the way you doin, what you doin' ma?

And I see you doin you but in my mind I don't know
Call you over here, take your time real slow
When you put that ass on me gotta grind real slow
Lot of cass like it fast it's like mine real slow

I'm saying wait a minute, what you doin' ma?
I kinda like the way you doin, what you doin' ma? [x2]

A couple stacks on me I get it for her
It ain't trickin' I ain't trippin' I get it for her
I get it for her [x2]
It ain't trickin' I ain't trippin' I get it for her

Swagger through the roof, chase my paper
Man I'm higher than the skyscraper
Givin' me the eye then I might take her
Who you kiddin? I'ma sit her on the skyscraper
Hit it in the air from the back in the chair
Hope I got a spare because I don't do rare
I'm saying wait a minute
Then the chair gets pulled while her asked gets slapped and her hair gets pulled
And the room gets hotter than a thermal shirt
She naked, she shaking
God damn you good

I'm only day dreaming
What you doin' ma?
I kinda like the way you doin, what you doin' ma?

On the way to the crib
Where you stay? Where you live?
Old man, you ain't gotta make a face at the kid
Gettin dressed on the bed, we could get it on the floor
Put your legs by your head, get-get it on the floor

I'm saying wait a minute, what you doin' ma?
I kinda like the way you doin, what you doin' ma? [x2]
A couple stacks on me I get it for her
It ain't trickin' I ain't trippin' I get it for her
I get it for her [x2]
It ain't trickin' I ain't trippin' I get it for her