[Hook]
From my head to my toes clean x8

[Verse 1]
Pull in that liquor I don't see a nigga fresh, I got a bad bitch here
Got to keep a bitch spending, lot of stacks this year
My niggas, hold them jiggers and they can't sit still
Rollin, in the club all drinks on Tee
By the bar, if I don't know you then you ain't gon' drink
(What you want? What you need? Hey)
Gates, he a lunatic, something like an animal
Don't mind doing this so watch how you handle them
My eyes on lil momma with a real cute face
Got a body, but she still got a real cute face
She don't hold nothing back when she working (never gate?)
She done roll one back and got the working of a gates
Dead Game, they jock my team, you could be by a freak
But watch my jeans, costume made Browny Brown and you ain't got these
You be rocking Ed Hardy but you can't afford these, guaranteed

[Hook]
From my head to my toes clean x8

[Verse 2]
A lot of women get excited when they smell my cologne in this place
Mr. Gates, what that is you got on in this place?
Jean Paul Gaultier, a little bit of Prada
Polo (?)
Mami twisting her body, got her ass in the air
In her baby fat dress, where she at? Over there
You lil goons looking crooked but I ain't gon' blink
I got a thing on me and it will bang homie, South Side
You ain't know? Being V.I.P a line
Outside in front of Rash. Tryna V.I.P the drop
Kinda tipsy get to trippin' you won't see I.D or not
On that liquor, mind your business or you're leaving with a shot
Posted in the corner, politicking with a waitress
Real nice shape, matter-fact what your name is?
Ice in my watch, and my chain and my bracelet
Let me do my thing, I'm with People's Entertainment

[Hook]
From my head to my toes clean x8

[Verse 3]
I ain't coming to your party if my girl can't enter
I ain't listening to shit if DJ Earl ain't spinning
My pants gotta sag that's just everywhere I go
Plus I got to show my ass that's just everywhere I go
Had coke your ole lady 'fore I pump her with that wood
Got me floating while I'm chopping steady smoking on some good
Gates, it's ridiculous the way I dismiss a chick
I great them with the same type of treatment that a swisha get
I lick them, then I rip them, then I use them all up
A bitch lying if she ever said we blew them all up
My friends lend me the dick said for you to call us
Now I'm tryna see what's happening with you and all us
Heard Do It In the Mirror and I rush to get naked
Tell your brother that this crack on the tracks the Gus made it
Oh yeah, at the hotel, heard all the lobby
Upstairs undressing I (rebird uncovally?)

[Hook]
From my head to my toes clean x8