Ayyhh.. Luca Brasi two nigga..
Ayyhh.. I don't get tired


[Verse 1: Kevin Gates]
Cocaine whippin', in the Pyrex stiffen
Wrist flickin' with the wisk, I don't get tired!
Hit it with the ice, when the (crrrck) it'll quick drop
Passed by the trap, that's wassam, you can get by! Retarded!
Stripper getting money by the ziplock
Chilling outside in the whip with the 5th cocked!
Face under my navel, sort of like a table
The bitch doing shit, got my dick in a lip lock, rollin!
Aroma from the odor, kinda potent got me choking
What I'm smoking probably stronger than a Hitchcock! (Know it.)
Face card worth a couple mil in New Orleans
The Lord know it wasn't from no Hip-Hop! (On it.)
We ain't bragging, I ain't laughing, doing anything to eat
Big ma got the dawg, full booming in the East!
Ghetto where we starving, running through it with the heat
Dirty house full of roaches, hear them moving when you sleep
My nigga turned bitch, wanna do it, we can beef
Have a wild out session, metal chewing through your feet
Jag about to pull up at the Air Mark
Me and Stroke open up a track, it's a landmark! (What up?)
Tall yellow bitch, cut the fan off
Turn into an animal when leaning on the Zan bars! (Cut up.)
Fed up with a nigga, he a hater, having issues with another nigga winning
Why you mad for?
Brick after brick, I ain't talking 'bout the backboard
Alley born, Russian blade, thugging in the backyard
OG Boobie Black grabbed a mask and a mac! (Brrrraack!)
Matter fact, it'll rip a nigga dashboard! (Dashboard?)
Five in the morning when I whip around the bottom
In the black Porsche truck, with a stepper right on side me
Pray to God I don't make it, he don't hustle everybody
What, I clutch on what I got a crush on?
Fuck no!

[Hook: Kevin Gates] (x2)
Walk around town I'm a suspect
Me and Gunna steady stomping through your Projects
Rest in peace, Killa's gone out the Projects
Boobie Black, wrap the mac on your Project!
OG Boobie Black!
OG Boobie Black!
OG Boobie Black!
OG Boobie Black!

[Verse 2: Kevin Gates]
Soulja Slim reincarnated, lotta niggas hatin'
Got they women doing favors, I don't get tired!
Feeling my demeanor, ain't no ring around her finger
But I swear I've been invited to her fish fry
Beat the pussy from behind, molly turned her up, contending
No pretending, coming quicker than a zipline
That was in her mind, then I hit her with a fifth line
Zipper, she gonna get it with her teeth
She unzipped mine nigga!

[Hook: Kevin Gates] (x2)
Walk around town I'm a suspect
Me and Gunna steady stomping through your Projects
Rest in peace, Killa's gone out the Projects
Boobie Black, wrap the mac on your Project!
OG Boobie Black!
OG Boobie Black!
OG Boobie Black!
OG Boobie Black!