[Intro: HERUKHUTI AUSAR]
Money Over Death. Breadwinners Association. Gmack The Bandman. Kevin Gates. STOP SNITCHIN'. EXCLUSIVE!

[Verse 1: GMACK THE BANDMAN]
Betrayal. Whole lot of Betrayal
Gotta move in silence round these niggas cause they'll tell
Betrayal. Whole lot of Betrayal
Same nigga that ate wit me, was the same nigga turn state against me, I cried!
Then I made a vow to never cry again cause I understand that my worses of my enemies can be your best friends
So I ain't in to that friend shit, careful who I make moves with, be discreet and I never ever let 'em into my buisness
Cause they'll end up in yo motion, half of it'll be they statement
Telling for a time cut or to get they charges vacated
The same niggas you thug wit, sold drugs wit, showed love to
Be them same niggas say fuck you and everything that y'all done been through! Now dats crazy!

[Chorus: GMACK THE BANDMAN]
You done made ya bed now you got to lay in it, ain't no since in whining, ain't no since in bi*chin, errbody gangsta but most don't live it, why is it so hard for you ni**as to Stop snitchin... Stop snitchin... Stop Snitchin... They ask you what my name is, act like it's a secret... Stop snitchin... Stop snitchin... They show you pictures of a nigga act like you ain't never seen 'em... Stop snitchin... Stop snitchin... Take yo consequences don't involve yo codefendant and... Stop snitchin... Stop snitchin... Stop snitchin... Stop snitchin

[Verse 2: KEVIN GATES]
Ninety eight percent convicted rate amongst blacks
The other two percent just slipped through the cracks
Interrogation voluntary statement of perhaps, in front the grand jury eye looking at the facts
I ain't even think they had a witness I'm relaxed, sitting in my cell running F's kicked back
I ain't never bite the hand, same dog that I fed, puzzled in the head, guess the bitch bit back
On my knees every night still praying to the stars, had faith in the Lord guess ima sit back
Filed a motion to suppress, I ain't never hear back, shot a kite to my nigga, he ain't never hit back
Got me like dam well maybe here lock down beefing on the tear Woreden got his shit back
Put his name on the med call, he got it sent back, ima never say rat till I get it on wax
Level four yard jacket got me on max, sent word to the rec yard broke em off packs
I don't smoke I be jonesin getting other niggas high
Mosquito dick joints need a hundred for the five
Jail house lawyer writing letters tryna  spy
Court minutes froze but the case still open
Attached to another make a nigga jump on it
Getting time cut playing like he silent but he phony
I don't even hit the rec yard in the morning
Eating out the locker go to last chow only
Seen 'em in the chow hall hollered like wewww
Thirteen months fight still I ain't even know it
Public pretender you let 'em pick ya, talk to the D.A they need a conviction
You think the charge that they got they dismissing, to them you a nigga who  willing to witness!

[Chorus: GMACK THE BANDMAN]
You done made ya bed now you got to lay in it, ain't no since in whining, ain't no since in bi*chin, errbody gangsta but most don't live it, why is it so hard for you ni**as to Stop snitchin... Stop snitchin... Stop Snitchin... They ask you what my name is, act like it's a secret... Stop snitchin... Stop snitchin... They show you pictures of a nigga act like you ain't never seen 'em... Stop snitchin... Stop snitchin... Take yo consequences don't involve yo codefendant and... Stop snitchin... Stop snitchin... Stop snitchin... Stop snitchin