[Intro]
I got a trap girl
(I ain't tell you about my trap girl?)
I'm a talk about me, then I'm a talk about my trap girl
(I ain't tell you about my trap girl?)

[Verse 1]
Bricks! 27-5 call me outta town shawty
I'mma drop it off, I'll be outta town shortly
NBA Jam, I'm on fire like I never been
Sickest in the city, shit I'm hotter than I ever been
Fresh, then we are alike, they say I'm hard to like
Don't respect a lot of rappers, feel I had a harder life
Trell hit me up, saying Gates we need to talk a price
I believe in you, I can really have you flossin' right
Stay lawyered, on my unit ain't been talkin' right
Nigga want me dead, got me clutchin' and I'm walking light
People say I'm reckless, that's just Kevin keep it pushing dawg
Stomping through your section, with my weapon, ain't no lynching off
Check out my paint job, my Camero burning rubber
I'm a felon with a heater, Lethal Weapon, Danny Glover
Ain't trippin' on the rain, so I don't put on a cover
Trap girl, pussy good, so I don't put on a rubber
Sunlight hit the ice, make it glisten off the wrists
Children in my section, pass by me taking pictures
Junkies like the rims, then they ask how much the car cost
Stop on any block, turn that bitch into a car wash
Hand them $20, just to let them wipe the cars off
Let my chain swang, I ain't grippin' on no sawed off
I'm ice cold, really thought I should warn y'all
Try to take my charm off, chopper take your arm off
Party poppin' off, I'm shoppin' in Cortana
Me and L, catching sales, while we walkin' in Cortana
White shit all on my pants, handling the work
Brought a couple 8 balls, for the janitors at work

[Hook]
Trap girl, I ain't tell you bout my trap girl?
Walk in the mall, people asking who is that girl
Trap girl, I ain't tell you bout my trap girl?
I play the blocks, she be busy getting stacks girl
Trap girl, I ain't tell you bout my trap girl?
My money long, you ain't never got to ask girl
Trap girl, I ain't tell you bout my trap girl?
You hold it down, keep it with you like my gat girl

[Verse 2]
All day, I go get it, but at night I come and sleep
She rock a lace-front, and fix her weave (twice a week)
Handle keys (twice a week)
Cook for me (twice a week)
So I get her nails done and treat her feet, twice a week
Trap girl, I ain't tell you 'bout my trap girl?
First day I met her, told her I can break your back girl
It been a minute, we been kickin' it since '06
Grey Monte Carlo I was working with like 4 bricks
Still on the block, still selling rocks
Youngest nigga in the bottom and I got the dumbest spot
Could work a 7:30, could run a 9 to 10
Don't know about a 9 to 10, you ain't really grindin' then
My trap girl, held it down while I was in the pen
And helped me get back on my feet when I came out the pen
She told me to leave the streets alone, I picked up the pen
It's only right she sit on side of me, while I'm in the Benz

[Hook]
Trap girl, I ain't tell you bout my trap girl?
Walk in the mall, people asking who is that girl
Trap girl, I ain't tell you bout my trap girl?
I play the blocks, she be busy getting stacks girl
Trap girl, I ain't tell you bout my trap girl?
My money long, you ain't never got to ask girl
Trap girl, I ain't tell you bout my trap girl?
You hold it down, keep it with you like my gat girl
Gat girl, gat girl, gat girl.......