[Intro: KB]
My name is KB and this is my Diary Session, Part Two
When you're starting off in the game
Everybody gives you supporters and underdogs
And now they start asking if I still make music
😂😂😂 Damn man!
We’re about to make more history
This has to be the most personal song I ever did
What's your story, mate?

[Verse 1: B-Mak]
Yeah
I wish I could tell you this ain't no longer the story;
Wish I was only reminiscing
The pressures of life and my journey searching for glory
And how it’s really got me stressing and looking back
Like did I waste the opportunity?
Momma wanted a lawyer but instead I quit Uni
Yeah I was selfish in my ways
How could I just throw away her blood, sweat and tears?
And all for what?
Just so I could chase dreams in this uncertain world
Where life ain't what it seems?
'Cause now she's getting older
She's looking up to me and I'm still chasing my dreams
Damn! I guess you live when you learn
I just use it as my field for my heart when I yearn
The reason I'm never faking
I'm caking and making amends
The reason the game needs me
I’ll [?] my fans

[Chorus: Wezi]
Kamwa nili nayo
Sininenzo funa niku izheni
But I’ma let you know, I'ma let you know
The hidden truth in my diary

[Prelude: KB &  K.R.Y.T.I.C.]
K.R.Y.T.I.C.,  what’s your story mate?
'91
I've got a lot to say though

[Verse 2: K.R.Y.T.I.C.]
Look
I'm from happy days being a mile away
To losing daddy a day before my first radio play
Where does it say, ‘Dreams ought to come with nightmares’?
I'm light-years ahead of any rapper that you might hear
Come with me, I'm right here
But it's quite clear the state of mediocres out to stay
I mean just listen to the radio: the garbage that they  play
Gets the population's favor though
And even though it's plagiarized, the "Dunka" beat nowadays can get you paper broke
I dropped Vitumbuwa and they told me that I lost it
When I was trynna do what they did:
‘Cashing and making a profit'
I tend to frown but it sounds quite deep
'Cause ever since CRI$I$... Nobody's held it down like me
And you know it too
Talking 'bout K.R.Y.T.I.C. drops some hard flows
But always seems to get overlooked at these  award shows
I swear I've seen the bottom, dawg
I've hit some hard lows
I've seen secondhand clothes,  I'm back at sabado
I've seen my peers overtake me
You know how cold that makes me
So cold, I had to call and ask the LORD to come and save me
My momma is the end, she tellin' me to quit
My fans on the other are sayin' the album is too legit
Everybody's biased!
Forgive me if I'm wrong
Y'all say you love the music but won't buy a  single song
I showed you, Rocktober; I've been stringing you along
I just hope you won't be able to get it when I'm gone

[Coda: KB]
We need to start appreciating good music
How are you going to tell me these rappers don't make the top three?
Man, I find this corny, man
If we're gonna have a chance for a proper breakthrough
Let our mindsets change
Let's give credit where it's due
K.R.Y.T.I.C has a classic album out. Get yourself a copy
And give this legend his rightful Trophy

[Preliminary: KB]
Thugga, we've waited a long time to do this
I wanna hear your story too, mate

[Verse 3: Tim (fka Thugga)]
Yah
Everybody's is asking me like, "What's the state of the squad?"
Your family remains family – ain't nothing breaking this bond
And now I thank the LORD for everyday He 'wakens my moms
I realized that I had taken it far
Then I prayed in my heart
I just started seeing how I'm painted of scars
If I was living because of me, why would I make it this far?
With tears flowing bro, I realized that my faith was in God
And made the decision to change the things that I said in these bars
And shortly after that, came a major depression
Every door closed on me: I had pain in me stressin'
I was hurting man. It rained on me immensely
Like will I go through lots of pain while I wait on his blessings?
Man, I had many big questions
I felt numb. I started thinkin' in skin
I couldn't take it. Bounced back. I started drinkin' again
Everyday I felt I was sinkin' within
And when I lost all hope, I had a dream that I was sittin' with Him
Now He's directing my path
«Kamwa nili nayo..»
Uh-huh KB, she may quote us
Like I was saying; now He's directing my path
I'm still flawed but to Him I'm still clear within a spectacle glass
And a clear heart full of joy is the best thing I have
Man, I'm blessed with this craft
I can tell I'm totally free and trynna tap into the Spirit
As I constantly war with the skin
I don't do this for the money
Now that I want to minister to people, are you tellin' me God has not given me an audience?
I've got a lot to say bro, this is only a page
But now even when it's rough, I'm never lonely and raged
Look! Now I step my foot in, this is music cooking
I think I'm done KB. Now you can bring the hook in

[Chorus: Wezi]
Kamwa nili nayo
Sininenzo funa niku izheni
But I'ma let you know, I'ma let you know
The hidden truth in my diary

[Outro: KB]
Yeah
I want to send out a big shout out to Holster
This fella has been around – day one
Let me take you back a little bit: from the days of Hip-hop 2 Lock Ya Block, The Hip-hop Foundation
Remember them days of Pitch Black?
5ive 4our, B-Mak, Camster, Desert Eagle? We were just getting started
I say let's bring it back. Let's bring the old good days back
Shout out to B-Mak, K.R.Y.T.I.C., Thugga, 5ive 4our, Four 4, Raydo, C4
Ayo Dope G, I see you. Ray Gramz, where are you at though? LV to Mr Veezy
Inferno, you remember this track?
Another Soulful record you could vibe with
Another KB classic
Italic, I see you too homeboy
Yeah!