[Hook: Trip Lee]
Look all I need is one sixteen
To brag on my king
Romans 1:16
We brag about Him daily cause He runs this thing
Can I do it? Can I do it?

[Verse 1: Trip Lee]
We rep the Lord truly we heading straight ahead
And we ain't trying to hit no U-ey
Man they can't do nothing to me
We-we-we don't look like them other dudes do we
We young boys but we sound mature call me Stewie
But this ain't no baby talk, say we make them Looney Tunes
Yes they call us crazy though makes em say that may be off
We was blind now we get to see this that Navy talk
My goal is to rest in Him but this ain't no lazy boy
My daddy ain't make me soft but He gave me peace though
Threw my chains up off of me, I call that my free throw
Crae told me to go in they got your boy on beast mode
I ain't got no white collar He made me a priest though
Pray I never fall away, chasing after pocket change
Used to put my stock in riches
I had a stock exchange
I was just a robot but now I do not walk the same
Probably cause he put me on blast like a rocket, man

[Hook: KB]
All I need is one sixteen to brag on my king, Romans 1:16
We brag about Him daily cause He runs this thing
Can I do it? Do it (x6)

[Verse 2: KB]
Let's go! Here we go again
1 to the 1-6 going in spit one for the One sent; only Him
And boy thinking one clique's noticing
Let's go! Here we go again
For this prize that's in front of me
Got my two eyes after that W like Nintendo Wii
My penalty, Jesus my remedy
Relentlessly shepherding lost sheep call him Bo-Peep (hold up)
Give me the mic better believe I'm a go hard
Throwing out think everybody with that lyrical miracle biblical theology
Without an apology whenever I get up on the microphone I gotta represent
We ain't scared of ya
What they go'n do? What murder us?
What murder does is send a surge of us to go put churches up
Ain't no hurting us, I'm on that Justin martyr
When the church go in LA couldn't dodge em
Satan trying to charge em, media trying to bomb em
Under attack but we got value pearls couldn't harbor
Give me the mic bro I'm glad to record
The Immaculate Sword that a man couldn't afford
Elevating the Father with a passionate force
Give me a sixteen I'm a brag on my Lord

[Hook: Andy Mineo]
All I need is one sixteen
To brag on my Lord Romans 1:16
We talk about Him daily cause He run this thing
Can I do it? Yeah

[Verse 3: Andy Mineo]
All I need is one sixteen to brag on my Lord, brag on my king
Matter of fact give me a couple more and I
Do the same thing, do the same thing, do the same thing
Even on my best day I couldn't go buy
Grace of the Lord that was able
I for the sinning I committed I should have paid that price
But I didn't cause the father went and gave the Christ
What love is this? To send His own
To die for sin and take us home
Got me feeling good, forget my feelings
When you heard a story about the hero dying for the villan?
Kill em with the fast flow then I go slow
This one here is urgent
When it comes to God everybody's got a version
Some are wearing turbans, others getting virgins
With all of these options we know He's for certain
Cause ain't no other God like mine you gots to admit it
Ya I'm falling cause of sin and yet His grace is sufficient
Beat the grave said it's finished got them unsearchable riches
And they deep that's why I'm like can you dig iiiiit

[Outro]
Let's go!
Unashamed [x2]
I'm unashamed
All I need is one sixteen to brag on my king
All I need is one sixteen Romans 1:16
We talk about Him daily cause He runs this thing
Can I do it? [x2]