[Intro]
Christo, yeah

[Verse 1: J.I.D]
Yo, I was just trying to get me some money the other day
I been so down on my luck, I'm humble in every way
I stumbled on every step, mumbled with every breath
Do not repeat myself, I will not re-
Okay, good night to the cool kid, say hi to the bad guy
Eastside mad scientist, we ride, niggas dying
Women throw pussy at me, I never seen cats flying
But never say never, never say never, we say whatever

[Chorus: A$AP Ferg]
I done came up, I done came up (Came up)
Put your chains up, and your rings up (Rings up)
Fuck the other side (Fuck ’em), we don't change up (Nah)
All the homies ride, they can't change us
I done came up, I done came up (I done came up)
Switching lanes up, and I’m prayed up
Fuck the other side, we don't change up (Yeah)
All the homies ride, you can't change us

[Verse 2: J.I.D]
We hit the pack with the weed in the sack
In the back, in the black, J.I.D with the gat (Go!)
G's with the jeans on the straps on the scene with the lean, get the cream how you been, where you at? (Go!)
Seen what I seen on the scene with the beam on a rat
Don't move, there's a thing on your head (Go!)
Put a hole in that ball ting on your hat (Go!)
You a rat, that's a cool thing to a cat (Go!)
Knock it out the park as I bing from the back
But we get the ring, then I be the king sittin' satin
Persian rugs so fly, no Aladdin (Go!)
Serving drugs, I got the pen and a pad (Go!)
Serving drugs, I give her dick when she mad
But she know that I rap, I ain’t got time for the Madden (Go!)
She know that I’m capping, finna snap on these rap niggas
And they react, you get the rat from the ratchet (Go!)

[Chorus: A$AP Ferg]
I done came up, I done came up (Came up)
Put your chains up, and your rings up (Rings up)
Fuck the other side (Fuck 'em), we don’t change up (Nah)
All the homies ride, they can't change us
I done came up, I done came up (I done came up)
Switching lanes up, and I'm prayed up
Fuck the other side, we don't change up (Yeah)
All the homies ride, you can’t change us

[Verse 3: J.I.D]
Yeah-ah
Picture a nigga steppin' into the game that's already lit
Just add a little coal to flame it
Lame niggas, I gotta put it in layman's terms?
I'm finna murder you niggas, you better spread the word
I bled words 'till my head would hurt
The first to say, it hurts to say, I said it first
Live life like a baby that was dead at birth
But came alive and fucked the nurses
If you don't like it tell a nigga "jump" if you feelin' Kermit
If you sleepin' on me we can make it permanent
And leave 'em stinkin, he a really permeate, he really reeking
J.I.D or call me Willie Beamon
But I'm 'bout the team, everybody eatin'
If it's down to me, I'ma do some shit niggas ain't never seen
Bitch, I dunk the three
Ashton Kutcher, who's punkin' me?
J.I.D the butcher, who want the beef?
Chop arm, leg, head, package meat
Sacrificial lamb, satisfactory
Smack him with the hand, don't talk back to me
I'ma be the man, I'ma kill a king
I done been a fan, now I need wings
I done seen your hand, now I need rings

[Bridge: J.I.D]
Okay I'm fired up, I'm really fired up
I'm feeling wide open, losing my mind bro
Gimme the time bro, 'cause I'm a time bomb
Coming from mine bro, see what you lyin' for
Taking a time up, I'm feelin' fired up
I'm really fired up, wait
Okay I'm fired up, I'm really fired up
I'm feeling wide open, losing my mind bro
Gimme the time bro, 'cause I'm a time bomb
Coming from mine bro, see what you lyin' for
Taking a time up, I'm feelin' fired up
I'm really fired up, wait
Fired up

[Outro]
You got two niggas sittin' down to eat, right?
Niggas sittin' down at the table to eat
And they got the same food, and they got the same utensils
You dig what I'm sayin'?
One nigga let his food go cold watching another nigga eat
You know what I'm sayin'
And that's how all this shit be starting, envy
Another nigga lookin' at what another nigga
Wanting what another nigga got when he got utensils
And a share of his own, you dig what I'm sayin'?
All this started, when a nigga get in power and a nigga be shittin' on a nigga
That where all this shit be stemming from