For all the late night peoples out there

"Rock rock y'all.." (2X)
"Rock y'all.." (2X)
".. and let's do it!"

[Lyrics Born]
You know there comes a time in everybody's life when
We just need a little bit of guidance
You know we get a little lost in the fog
And it sort of impedes our vision
But there's a way that we can figure it all out
And make it happen, make it work

The purpose of producin beautiful soul music is two-fold
One is fun - two goes to mute all the roof hogs
Let's build, useful tools, find some resolution in our lives
Three's to get your groove on, but it ain't like there's no
Particular order, this ain't a true/false, answer only part of it
Everything's got an art to it
So we bottle it, market it, it don't hold water
Well then we sharpen it, carve a little niche where we can all exist
As ourselves, not our sales
Despite our ails (OOH DO TELL!)
Cause I can't part with the alcohol, no doubt bruh
And on that note, I'm like my Southpaw Grandpah
He used to get his lamp on, he used to giggle at Tampons
And I'm probably not supposed to talk about that part
Who cares though that's not important
I really broke all the sample laws with this damn song
So now I'm an outlaw
But it's time, we started talkin havin dialogue and bein honest
What's the other options - walk around, bottled up all hot and bothered
Makin assumptions and nothin gets accomplished
Can we set it off properly please?

Chorus: Lyrics Born (repeat 2X)

To the people, the people
To the people, the people
To the people people people
To the people (You're HOTT)

[Lyrics Born]
Yeah.. feelin good.. ("rock rock" .. "rock rock y'all")

The purpose of producin beautiful soul music is two-fold
One is fun - two goes to glue all the loopholes
Music is fuel, to get us where we goin in our lives
Three is still to groove on, but it ain't like there's a
Paricular void, that's true though, that's my whole argument
That's where I'm at, there's where I've always been
Cause we've made accomplishments, we just need to proceed
With the utmost confidence - so, whether that encompasses you
Signing up with your community nautilus
Buy a couple joggin suits, hop up on that pommel horse
And burn some ounces off your gluts, your upper abdominals
Openin offices, in major metropolises
Get some flossy cards, your logo embossed on em
Not the cost effective models
Where you gotta cross the old pager number off the bottom
And draw, all kinds of lines all across it
And write your mom's spot, on top, and along the side of em
Like, "Aww man, my pencil's not sharp -- know what?
Let me, let me just get your card, tight
Also, is it possible, can you run me by a Jack in the Box?"
Like I should, open office, minimize losses
Reinvest profits, we refine the process
By readin all the options, keepin all we promised
So we not caught up, all the fellas with the pants down
Ladies caught topless, showin they casabas
Ignore that garbage, that was just some old nonsense
Strictly off the top shit, measurin the progress
The heart has the yardstick, anything else? Uhh yes..

"rock rock y'all.. a rock rock y'all.. and let's do it!"

Chorus 2X w/ variations

[Lyrics Born]
Yeah
This is the message that I'm tryin to get out to all the people
(What's that?) Just that we gotta stay positive, y'know?
Keep it (HOTT) Yeah (KEEP IT HOTT)
That's right, keep it sizzlin (REAL HOTT)
What? (REALLY HOTT)
Hehe.. SSSSSSSSSS (SSSSSSSSSSS)
(KNOW WHAT I MEAN?)

"ah rock rock y'all" (2X)
"rock y'all", "ah rock rock y'all"
"rock y'all", "and let's do it!"