(Yadadodoo! That means hello! Hi! Hey!)
(The names have been changed to protect the innocent)
(You know, [?], mayne)
(Man, Shadow, you was there)
('member how it went down, bruh?)

Shadow dropped me off at BART
At the Fruitvale Station
[?]
You mighta heard that on your radio station
[?] went to my friend
Looked at him and he grinned and said

"Keep your friends close
But those that you wanna rob, keep them closer"

[?]
So I walked on my merry way
And scrapedy-scraped to San Jose
Stunnas half off [?]
My Vietnamese potnas told me that they hog-tied Chad (Who's Chad?)
Chad is the boss that throws [?]
[?]
The whole hood is lost cause we don't know who to watch now

Keep your friends close
But those that you wanna rob, keep them closer

Now my best friend
Now my best friend are my enemy
Now my best friend
I'm not worried 'bout that Hennessy
I need rounds for my weapon
Stressing worse than a stockbroker gone broke and out of Folgers
Y'all don't know
It feel like the galaxy on my shoulder
Who to trust [?]
My life, my luck
My wife, my lust
She might be biting the dust (bitch!)
Cause you know lately she been off that stuff, hate me
And I'm like

Keep your friends close
But those that you wanna rob, keep them closer

'noid and exploited, don't know who to talk to
Those that said they love you, now they want to pop-pop-pop
Watch you drown and fumble
Fuck that shit, I ain't humble
I see my [?] try to pitch me wit' a big ass bundle
My uncle's daughter, daughter, my niece say she want me deceased
She learned that from her momma, I ain't talked to her in about three weeks
But I'm sneaky, sneaky
Is that my enemies trying to get me?

Keep your friends close
But those that you wanna rob, keep them closer

(I see you, nigga)
(Man, fuck y'all niggas, you ain't got me!)
(I'mma fuck you up)
(Now get over here, motherfucker)
(Oh shit)

I'm out of breath like a fish out of water
Leaking out my cheese like a jalapeño popper
I'm thinking about my light more than I'm thinking about my daughter
I need to get back to the house to see who really on my roster
I walked in
Something feel wrong
Flicked on the lights and all my shit was gone
Only thing left was a letter under a coaster that said

Keep your friends close
But those that you wanna rob, keep 'em closer