[Lyrics Born]
Now that we have made our way away from the sky apple
You will notice from your new knowledge experience
That the distance from the crust to the mantle to the core
Is much greater than previous measurements
And as lyricists in this time period we experiment with a
Myriad of new findings
Different from the supposed truths
The ample evidence we presented
It complemented our argument that "everything is impermanent"
Not static or at settled standstill as the opposite element
Has suggested is legitimate
And finally, a reminder that
The precious metals and ores
Mined for early in the earth's surface sediment
Cannot compare to the infinite introspective splendor, if you will
Represented by the treasures indicative of our entrance
Into the Earth's center
Incentive, isn't it?

[Lateef]
…yes, Yes, YES!

Well, yes, yes, yes
You're dealing with lyricists that's: fresh, fresh, fresh
You wan' test? Surely ya jest, look
Let's just get one thing correct
Before ya step, focus on breath, breath, breath
One rep! "Breath, breath, breath."
Select, yet another set of styles?!
Yup, yup, yup
Each one as hard as erections, I got to flex, flex, flex!
For project protection, I'm collecting text, techs, Tecs
While you're caught up
Thinking rap is just sex, sex, sex
And more flesh, flesh, flesh
Robbing the soul of its precious sensuousness
Most of these rappers talking shit out of the side of they neck
What the heck?!
It's more and more suckas gettin' signed for less, less, less, and less
Lesson one? If aiming to impress-press-press?
You gotta do it yourself
Quiet as kept, kept, kept
If my work is respected, I'll collect checks, checks, checks
They can't all bounce and if they do I got an ounce at the rest
So I ain't stressin' off it

[Lyrics Born]
'Cuz I've walked on water weapons baby haven't you heard?
I've authored songs on different planes and left the boundaries blurred!
And I taught, Neanderthal to use the rotary phone
I kicked the Devil in his neck without my rosary on

[Lateef]
And I checked out the vampire's nest
Sans garlic, dissed his harlots, then without the crucifix
Plunged the wooden stake deep inside his chest—pinned him!
Thrashing around to the bottom of his sarcophagus
Writhing around till the only thing left
Were little scraps of nothingness, those scattered all about infinity!

[Lyrics Born]
All different shapes and sizes going wherever—

[Lateef]
—but all of one entity!

[Lyrics Born]
That I had brought together for my pleasure
Watch this now — your last dinner in my chamber where I tempered weapons
Rendered from a rusty Ford fender!

You get your steak and eggs? Caesar vinaigrette?
Savor your cigarette, cause I'mma tape your lips!
Become my marionette: You curtsy, pirouette
And when my blade caress? I scrape my bayonet!
You lose your favorite legs...I love that fragrance
Playful Pet? Yes I'm the patron saint of Dangerous!
You slaying La-tyrx? You're driving majorettes, over some acreage?

[Lateef]
As you sit there pensively, tentatively fidgeting with creation
But you fuck 'round with this and you'll get eaten

[Lateef]
You gettin laid to rest
Ain't slayin' Latyrx
You gettin laid to rest
OVER THE SUNSET'S EDGE!