Look out. Ima break ya off
I done broke em off with a purple sawed off
Jumpin on the track, it's the riff raff
I done broke em off with a diamond dollar bat

I might ride DiamondBack or a GT
I Ride to Tennessee with a platinum G.M.C.
Talk about a truck. All White Chucks
Hopped out looking good, Left them boys stuck

Left them eyes wide, I’m actin' childish and violent
Just to get connections, I'm Just ridin'
Riding on these fours. Riding on these choppers
Im'a hit the block like some 20 helicopters

Sounding real good. Might work the wood
I'm'a broke em off like to make my own wood
???? In the Pakistan
I'mma broke em off with the funky foot clan

On my hands got big ass rocks. I'm'a poor em down on I'm'a side with 2Pac
Before he died
Back in 93
The boys inquire 'bout how I ride in the sea

I drive on the water
I done bought a Jet
Boys talk down I free style in Tibet
?????? On the streets vital
Boys talkin' down got 25 lighters

On the north side. I'm'a ho hide. I'm'a hide hoes up and down 45
Got some hoes, in the Cavalcade
Broke them boys off might eat me a steak
I done ate buffet, I done had, uh, fuck all these hoes

I'm'a ride foes. Might ride 24's, looking good, got some flows
I done molest the fuckin' wood, molest the wood grain
I done left a stain
Boys talk down, I dun bought a new chain
Just yesterday
From the TV Johnny
I'm'a goin down
Ho named Bonny
Bonimique Wilkins, Dominique’s wife
I'm'a broke em' off with a funny coloured sprite
I'm'a sip the lean
I like soda dark
I dun broke em off while my fours gone park

Diamonds gonna twist
Twisten on my hand
Boys talk down, I be in the Taliban
Tell what wrist. Diamonds on my tooth
I done broke them off swung the block like Babe Ruth

I'm the freestyle genius, I'm the freestyle king!
I done broke em off watch my fours gon' park
Or the tangerine
I'm the infinity

I'm comin' down. Hoes wanna' get me
Wanna' get my doller
Broke them off proper
I'm going down, head turner, jaw dropper

Flip out my phone, it's a Motorola
I done broke them off from uh Pensacola
Bouncing down to Florida or Arizona
I'm'a pouring down sellin squares of marijuana

I done put it inside a pen its a bic
Back in high school, I used to drive a stick
It's legit shit

I'mma -
I done broke em off. I done took a bath
I done swung this chopper
I done dropped my chopper
All my home boys riding peanut butter drop it

In Acres Home. Riding big chrome
Boy's talking down but I'm hitting Yellow Stone
Hit the damn south side, and I left they fucking mouth wide
Wide open. Foes be ???
Turning and twist
Its the only bar I'm lovin and that that's the Twix

Like a Candi bar I can pull a star
I can free style sitting in my car
At the sharptown. hoes bound
I'm'a broke them off and free style with spell bound

That's a dmx aughta snap me a neck
Just for protection got the magnum on my neck
Magnum necklace
Wood I'm'a twist
I'm'a broke them off with an iced out fist
Purple on my wrist
Talkin' 'bout the mother fucking ??waterheed cliff??
It's the Raff Riff on opposite day, balling in the fucking cavalcade