[Intro : Shwayze]
Hey have you ever kissed your lady ?
And her lips taste like dick ?
Well yeah, there there, that's my dick, man !

[Verse 1 : Shwayze]
Oh you think you found love ? Ahah, congratulations !
We just finished playing when y'all first started dating
She ain't even with me but my name up on the dandy
She don't want come with me, she don't wanna cum with me
She just want me to eat her when I come to her city
She a gold getter, so she come get me at the W, smoking W
She ain't in love with you, she in love with Shway

[Verse 2 : Sky Blu]
Oh shit, he with my old bitch
Starin' cause she miss me and he know it
She hit me on text, said she wanna sex
I said no. But you can blow it, haha !
Don't fall in love in the clump nigga, uh
She only fuckin with the a-lister
I took her and her sister, fucked 'em in the pits
When she came out, and kissed her

[Hook]
How my dick taste ? Mother fucker
Walkin with my old bitch in the club
How my dick taste ? You stupid mother fucker
Now your dumbass is in love, AH !

[Verse 3 : Riff Raff]
Uh, yo, uh ! Yo, uh, yo !
Put her in a sleep, sleep
Like the grim reeper, reeper
Dropped my last bitch cause it's not cheaper to keep
Strang a street sweeper, put her in the bleachers
Playin' this game, charge it to the VISA
Let in two-seaters, might buy a piece a pizza
Maybe paint pretty pictures, red-gang Mona Lisa
Pay me I'm buy myself, I leave with my health
Vasachi on my maximill, one more notch up on my bed
No time for these haters, I'm dodging earth quakers
Swing blade through our shred, the crocodile Dundee never gate 'em
In this game, game, I wanna leave like David Stern
You girlfriend like a doorknob, everybody had a turn

[Hook]
How my dick taste ? Mother fucker
Walkin with my old bitch in the club
How my dick taste ? You stupid mother fucker
Now your dumbass is in love, AH !

[Outro 1 : Riff Raff]
How my dick taste ? Mother fucker...
How my dick taste ? Fucker... Fucker...

[Outro 2]
Oh shit, I figured it out !
The bitch can't talk cause my dick in her mouth
Don't kiss her ! Yeah, don't kiss her ! Yeah