[Chorus]
(Talk to 'em!)
My hood made me a killer, nigga, you can see it in my eyes
(You can see it in my eyes, nigga)
Ever since I caught that first body, it's been murder on my mind
(Yeah, it's been murder on my mind, pussy, look look)
Even my bitches on the same shit, I fuck around and get you lined
(Hah! I get you lined up! Look look)
Everybody Is Food nigga, I got murder on my mind (Food, uh, uh, uh)
I got murder on my mind

[Verse 1]
They wanna know where I get that new Ruger I bought from
16 with a body, nobody knew that I caught one
I aim for his stomach, tried to give him a shit bag
The nigga didn't make it, damn, I guess he got hit bad
You tried to run up on me, had to fire this big heat (Hold that, nigga)
He seen that I was young, so I guess he thought shits sweet (Oh, you thought shit was sweet, huh?)
I heard that last shit you niggas dropped and that shits weak (That shit is garbage!)
I pop a nigga in his chest and make his whole shit leak (Boom boom boom!)
I ain't fightin' niggas, I'ma give you a slug first
My OG looked at me and said I got blood thirst
But don't think it's a game with my knuckles, they does work
It's just I'd rather lay a nigga down in the mud first (Hahaha!)
When I was locked up, nigga I didn't write home (Nah)
Ain't callin' everyday, I wasn't sending no kites home (I'm good)
I had to whoop a pussy nigga right in the cell
Then hit the yard and did 20 sets of pull-ups, for real (Free my nigga, yeah yeah)

[Chorus]
My hood made me a killer, nigga, you can see it in my eyes
(Hah, hah! You can see it in my eyes, pussy)
Ever since I caught that first body, it's been murder on my mind
(This ain't a game, nigga, yeah, I can't shake that! Look look)
Even my bitches on the same shit, I fuck around and get you lined
(I want smoke, I'll get you fuck niggas lined up, look look)
Everybody Is Food nigga, I got murder on my mind (Food! You niggas food, man)
I got murder on my mind, nigga

[Verse 2]
My lil nigga still ride around with his pole 'n 'em
I point a nigga out, he gon' go put a hole in him (Green light)
He only 17, mama can't get control of him
She might as well give up, the Devil done got a hold on him
Pops wasn't around, little brother he got smoked
His older brother only got a dub so they got hope (They got hope)
That's why he run up on you, bustin' shots 'til his Glock broke (Boom boom boom!)
I told you I'm the grimiest of all when I dropped GOAT (That's a fact, nigga)
You pussy niggas mad 'cause they see that I came up
And I did it without 'em so they think that I changed up (Them niggas hurt)
I just kept on my grind and kept stackin' my change up (Uh huh)
Rappers come to my city, do they show with they chain tucked (Hahahaha!)
You know them May Block niggas don't got a care in 'em
And if a nigga think he want smoke then we airin' him
It's [?] bottles when I'm poppin' a cork
And I grinded from the bottom with a pot and a fork (Look look)

[Chorus]
My hood made me a killer, nigga, you can see it in my eyes
(A killer, nigga! You can look at me and tell, right?)
Ever since I caught that first body, it's been murder on my mind
(Uh huh, ever since that first joint, look look)
Even my bitches on the same shit, I fuck around and get you lined
(My bitches, I get you pussy niggas lined up, look look)
Everybody Is Food nigga, I got murder on my mind (Y'all niggas food, we on shit nigga)
I got murder on my mind, nigga

[Outro]
Eat What You Kill, nigga!
Yeah, straight like that. Conway the Machine
Alchemist, what's good nigga?
Haha, you know it's legendary when we link up!
Haha, that's my word, we 'bout to smack the shit out of niggas with this new shit
Grimiest...gone