I was made by the same lust, the slave chains and cuffs
Jacked off on the corporate ladder and 'came up'
Inherently the games fucked, that's why I research historical data
Since niggas don't read...I recite entire Almanacs for career car jackers
Far blacker than the NAACP, who am I? the mc
Make matters worst, the ravenous thirst
For money power and respect til my bladder and abdomen burst
Comprende? Amistad Pt. 2 like if I was Sinke
Rockin flooded accessories that's 10k
Still obsessed with the cream
And you don't know? the N.W.O. ain't just a wrestling team?
Thats trill shit, from street life to revolution
And when they revoke the constitution, I'm one of the first niggas they executin'
This iron fist ina velvet glove
Still not givin a fuuuck, Articulate Thugs whaaa


Articulate Thugs..
Sex, techs, money and drugs
We Articulate Thugs..
Illuminati jesuits, and GS Lexus'
For dead presidents when the justice system is prejudiced


Verse 2(my fav ras verse)

God's most beloved urban scholar
Catch me chillin with killas and sharpshooters
Quick to put more pumps in your chest than the Heimlich manuever
Illest mendula, cause only Slick Rick and 12 inches is the ruler, doolah
Supreme mathematics, with bad habits, civilized savage
Decarte the duality of man
Performing black magic on black sabbath
Stack cabbage, a man is not to famish, or vanish
When 4,000 inmates on death row and half of em' black tragic
Crack addicts, psychological damage, and a few dead??
Its by magic, and media stop, tryna make me what I'm not
Just cuz I know history, doesn't make the everyday hustle stop
Fool, I spit that slammer grammar
Leave the teachin to KRS and leave the preachin to Rev. Run and Hammer
Who walk with a limp and talk with a twang
Then philosophize like information is evacuatin' his brain?
Cuz real niggas still do real thangs
(where my dogs at) knockin over banks like the Doberman gang(true)
Young thug, young thug, young thug, young thug, young thug

Articulate Thugs..
Sex, techs, money and drugs
We Articulate Thugs..
Illuminati jesuits, and GS Lexus'
For dead presidents when the justice system is prejudiced


I'm like the Holy Qu'ran wrapped in a penthouse magazine cover
Ghetto Farrakhan, hood archeologist and a polygamist
Cuz I be gettin' more ass than a proctologist
But I acknowledge it, I...do the opposite
Like keep me on some rider shit
Cuz for my seed, this shit I gotta get
Selling politics, capitalism requires money, I'm materialistic
So I want a lot of it; fuck living moderate, wifey want some Prada shit
Represent L.A-leezy, the homies sag, khakis, wallabees and rags
To New York where Arabs(sand niggas) will not let a young black man in they cab
So I'm naturally mad but then actually sad
Thank god for makin hell and thank satan the government goin'
For pimpin the poor, and we not knowin why we ho'n
Fuck it, it be like that, I'm a G like that
If worst come to worst I'll flip a Ki like that


Articulate Thugs..
Sex, techs, money and drugs
We Articulate Thugs..
Illuminati jesuits, and GS Lexus'
For dead presidents when the justice system is prejudiced