[Intro]
A lot of people say I'm a bad influence, you know what I say?
Fuck an influence, I’m under the influence bitch!

[Verse 1]
When it come to the fam' I’m the older brother
My pops yelling be a man!, I’m yelling back you should've wore a rubber
Now I’m arrogant taking the most profane music and blaring it
Until you find out it’s my CD, now when you see me you get scared and shit
So listen up, I know you probably think I'm fucked up because I cuss
Do drugs, run up in sluts, and have a fuck love mindset
Bitch I’m tired, so don’t say someday you’ll find it
You lying, because the last time I tried it
I made this bitch cry. She wanted a honest guy
So I tore off my skull and gave her a piece of my mind
Now I’m in a padded room, supposedly for my attitude
They tried putting a straight jacket on me, that wasn’t right
I’m like doc I haven’t been gay a single day of my life!
I dare any man stand up to me, you’ll get paralyzed from the waist down
And while your at it, here’s some paint to cover your ugly ass face, clown
I bet you have nothing to say now, like Poppa Doc in "8 mile"
You like planking? I’ll make sure at your wake you in the coffin laying face down

Chorus:
They said rap music was a bad influence
Now I’m pistol whipping kids to it
Feeling no remorse at all
I write my name in blood on the wall
And flip off cops because it’s still fuck the law
I’m waiting with guns drawn so you clapped up faster than applause

[Verse 2]
Yesterday I went into confession, confessing my sins wit laughter
Until the pastor kicked me out and told me, "never come back u bastard!"
What? Is it a hateful sin To say that I’m one of Satan's kids?
Or will y’all get pissed and call me a devil worshipper when I’m an atheist?
Do y’all even know what the difference is?
Everybody got opinions and if u don't listen in I don’t give a shit
Because I see  outside of the fake world the that u living in
I slit my wrists until it drip, drip with blood pouring on the floor and
Then mix it in with my coke addiction and up and snort it
My minds gone, going off like a fucking time bomb
On any and every beat you find I’ll bust a rhyme on
I’m ahead of you niggas like we livin in different time zones
I would tell you watch my throne, but that'd be another thing for you to dick ride on
Call that pulling the rabbit out of the hat
You call me a joke I be laughing at that
I’m killing you cats and what u call that?
Curiosity? I got an answer for that
You new rappers thinking you fly with your snapback caps
Fall back before you get smacked up like Rihanna
And shot at like a model but you ain’t getting called back

[Hook]

[Movie Sample]

"When a person is insane, as you clearly are. Do you know that you're insane?
Maybe you're just sitting around, reading Guns & Ammo, masturbating in your own feces
Do you just stop and go, wow! it is amazing how fucking crazy I really am?"