[Intro]
You did it baby! Congratulations, homie!
You made history! 1.1 million in a short week!
Ha-HAA! Screw a press conference!
Press this on your conscience!
D-Block, cheers! Yeah!
I ain't mad, I don't wanna sound mad, I feel marvelous
D-Block, Double R, fuckin' faggots!

[Verse]
We gon' handle this like grown men, you won't win
You don't even feel comfortable in your own skin
I rap my ass off, I'm fightin' the champ with the glass jaw
At the Garden or Nassau (uh-huh)
See me, couple hood niggas behind stars
I heard you put a couple good niggas behind bars (Preme!)
I might never sell that much
But you can bet your last two quarters I never tell that much
Picture 'Kiss not come out swingin'
It's like going to see 50 at a show
And he don't come out singin' (c'mon)
Yeah, you got a felony, but you ain't a predicate (uh-uh)
Never the King of New York, you live in Connecticut (haha)
You don't be in the hood, you be in the woods
Fuckin' with me it's where you really gon' be for good (ugh)
I hold the 4-5 myself (ch-chk)
And hop out the Range on 1-4-5 myself (what up)
This is a true fact
Since when has it become cool to get shot and not shoot back? (Never)
Trackmasters shelfed you, Bravehearts helped you
Then everybody felt you, now I gotta melt you (yeah)
And don't try to pull rank on 'Kiss
‘Cause the niggas I'ma send to do it ain't gon' miss
Be layed up stiff, I spit straight up piff
I did real songs with Big, no made-up shits (ah!)
And I don't got a problem with clout
You ain't get shot again yet, so what's your second album about?
(Nothin'!) Your raps are pre-school
You made a lot of money, now be cool
'Fore I swell up your lips like seafood (mmm)
Can I get a mic check? You don't stand a chance
To dance with me, dog, your steps ain't right yet (uh-uh)
Block is just fine, homie, the D's straight
Most likely your new CD is a weed plate (haha)
Bunch of love songs, 100% pure garbage (garbage)
Just somethin' to break up buds on
You should just sell clothes and sneakers
‘Cause outta your whole camp your flow's the weakest
I'm in the town where the young boys is clappin' (clappin)
You runnin' around with the lieutenant and captain
It'll take a lifetime to see 'Kiss
You had to get shot 9 times to be rich

[Hook/Outro]
Rat-ass nigga, you's a animal
You's a motherfuckin' animal
Pig-ass nigga, you's a animal
You's a motherfuckin' animal
Snake-ass nigga, you's a animal
You's a motherfuckin' animal
Matter of fact, you ain't no animal
I'ma show these motherfuckers how to handle you

[Outro]
Ah-HA! D-Block!
I'm not a sucka, so I don't need a bodyguard!