I’m leading this generation across borders
With the concentration of Tom Brady in four quarters
My mom gave me what they call “promise”
Sort of like Alcmene delivering Hercules for a God

Father is Zeus. Truce between the roots when upon altars
Giving a ritual sacrifice towards the Lord’s offering!
They all long for the raw author that brought torture
Through these hard bars that were court ordered for assault charges!

….I let the man inside speak to me
Cause every dog barks when you amplify frequencies
Deceiving what they all believed to achieve
It's the reason why they’ll never stand as equal to me!

Gathering thoughts at speeds that light couldn’t exceed
The results of being the plan that Canibus conceived
When I’m around other MC’s, I don’t know how to behave
I feel like a metal blade in a microwave

With the clock tickin quicker than assists from Scott Pippen & Rod Strickland
They want to rock, but their shot’s missing
Within non-fiction I got vision like Opticians
With their mind fixed in on the sight that your eye's missing!

So who’s this skinny nigga mentioning? I’m not to mention with
When you’re barely bigger than your mic’s dimension width!
I’ll snap your neck with twists faster than the Exorcist
Leaving bodies departed like Moses during the Exodus!

Cause even my worst Arch-nemisis knows I’m the best at this!
My messages exist beyond sentences!
Beyond excellence. Beyond comprehensiveness
Beyond the extent of what’s tangibly calculable in measurement!
28

The difference between a horse and a Pegasus
A dog to a Cerberus, I’m mythologically beyond evidence
Needed to prove I’m Death, Famine, War & Pestilence
If you were gonna swing, You should’ve at least clenched a fist!

The 5th member of the HRSMN…
I sacrificed my head to the headless horseman as an offering just to sever it off again!
So what the fuck could you possibly expect bringing Denzel Porter in?!

That unimportant portable pussy supported by the poorest portions pouring in impartially to push me!
I’ll import Porter then export Porter properly
Then pin point porter, put him on life support’s property

Leaving Porter reeking speaking Puerto Rican
Seeking Rio’s for part of his disproportionate Porter Allegiance
If I was there you would’ve been stuttering like Porky Pig
Worse than your loss against that St. Johns Portland kid

Illmac left you real flat, that’s real facts
Since our first cypher, your delivery’s still wack
(You feel that?) you're barely articulating your words
Relying on multisyllabic patterns to carry it's worth

Remember back in NY when I had to murder that
Dressed in all white but the beat ran out
So we had to bring all our verses back
And rerecord the whole cypher
With a single adjustment made for the perfect track

Tell’em who’s the one that cut his verse in half
Showing he was humble before Kendrick’s commercial rap!
I handed you that verse of the year
From the fifty percent of passionate bars that weren’t there!

Back when you would act like you were boys with me
Back before snake shit you pulled in Los Angeles to poison me
Now there is no avoiding me, I’m leaving you stitched
More than embroidery placed on the floor for pure royalty

You ain’t the bark king,You barking like shitzus
When I give you issues like Mike Vick do inside his big rooms with
Fists full of pitbulls
The Cypher God is the final boss to get through!

And that goes for all you TeamBackPack rappers
Stepping forwards only gets your head snapped backwards
I’m the MILOAT, in other words
The Most Intense Lyricist Of All Time, I defy GOAT!

With the Rage of Achilles ready to slay through the city
Of New York cause I’m taking it with me
To bury these niggas, I’m way too competitive nigga
It’s the Hydra, I’ll always be ahead of you niggas

And for the count, I’m leaving them down - OPP
I can’t stop from cleaning em’ out - OCD
The best rapper in their group though is Oswin Benjamin
So how’s it feel letting ours win, and b end ya men?!

Cause I really got love for Pun Jr
So it kills me inside to have to put this gun to ya!
And start blasting in this place!
With twin rounds bigger than those goofy ass glasses on ya face!

But you made me do it! Opened the door and placed me through it!
Don’t he know that I’m a first class angry mutant
More sadistic than Hades I'm using Jay Z’s blueprints
Just to make improvements to it

To abuse you basic new kid’s
Breaking music at the suicide rates of an Asian student
It's the way that you playing stupid
So my punchlines land more than Japan’s Playstation usage

I ain’t to blame for the faith he chooses!
How could you look into my eyes when you couldn’t even take Medusa’s?!
Make some nooses and hang with Judas!
Because "Three Wise Men" without a gift to display are useless

When my game's influence is that of the brain which
Produced a painted cube and named it Rubicks!
Boy, I hate you humans, I’m betrayed by their blatant hubris
More than Caesar in the face of Brutus?!

I can see you didn’t think this through, bitch!
Because VI, flawless and I will Wreck House on any movement
This Bronx nigga, about to B X’d out
On every platform, doesn’t matter what you think’s the truest!