[Intro: Westside Gunn]
Brr, ayo, ayo

[Chorus: Westside Gunn & Conway]
Penthouse, 2 stoves
Dome shot, made him tootsie roll (BOOM!!!)
Walk up in your hood like, "Fuck y'all"
They ain't see my lil nigga ducked off (brrrrrrrrrr!!!)
Fork in the coke pot, tryna make a billion (billion)
Lil homie in the cut, got it on him
Fork in the coke pot, tryna make a billion (billion)
I ain't playing with you, nigga

[Verse 1: Conway]
Uh, look, lil G wanna spaz
Ready to lift a nigga off his feet for a bag
He need that dub, nigga, he doing bad
So I bet he do you bad (bad)
I creep through heat's in the dash, I keep two stashed
Fuck the police too, I was speeding through the ave (vroom!)
Take 'em on a high speed chase, I'ma breeze through and laugh
'Cause the pigs hit a tree when they crashed, woah (hahaha)
I'm recruiting savages
Catch a body then they reuse the mag
Rap niggas hate me, R&B niggas mad
Uh, I'm in that 50 Cent, G-Unit bag (ha)
Goons put the work in free if I ask
Make a G call, had three niggas stabbed
Shoot your block bare face, I don't need me a mask
Fuck it, they need to know that it was me if they ask
I'm talking white sheet in the bag
Take 'em to the morgue, niggas feet get a tag, boy (woo!)
Griselda, bitch, we get the cash
VIP, ten bitches got Clicq' in the glass (what up, baby?)
Two Cubans, both weigh a ki and a half, uh
I still know how to get a ki from a half (huh)
To come to my hood, boy, you need you a pass
Or else niggas finna take everything you have
Like run it, niggas try me, I'm gunning
This shit ain't nothing new to me, nigga, I done it
I'm the man in my city, lil nigga, I run it
I ain't the best yet? Tell who is I'm coming
Where the beef at? Pussy nigga, I want it
Niggas get shit bags shot, hit in that stomach
Balmain, both pockets full of blue hundreds
Grimiest of all time, Machine, bitch, I'm drumming, motherfucker

[Chorus: Westside Gunn & ScHoolboy Q]
Penthouse, 2 stoves
Dome shot, made him tootsie roll (BOOM!!!)
Walk up in your hood like, "Fuck y'all"
They ain't see my lil nigga ducked off (brrrrrrrrrr!!!)
Fork in the coke pot, tryna make a billion (billion)
Billion, uh, yeah
Fork in the coke pot, tryna make a billion (billion)
Billion, uh yo

[Verse 2: ScHoolboy Q]
Where the dope at? I sold it all
Diamond chain full of Armor All
Drive McLaren down the Audobon
Nigga, bet your girl wanna tag along
Dose of this and go to Babylon
Summertime in Cali serve an avalanche
I'm a whale to a fish, nigga, serve quail to a brick, uh
Your aunties and uncles, they know me, nigga
Slanging them patties, her buns full of cavi'
Guns in the attic, fiends got me in Palace
But it's hard to keep your balance when this K automatic
Getting caught up in the traffic, niggas die at the stop signs
I gave you details, niggas looking for punchlines
Throw bananas like Romo
Niggas serving grams like four door
We shooting for the head, no J-Lo
I'm going to jail, I'm keeping a C-note
I never sail out like a B, though
I'm in a stolen whip, no keys for the Regal
Niggas squeeze in the bird
Your mind's for the worse, I'm Cripping in church
And if the cops don't find it, thank God for a purse, uh, yeah

[Chorus: Westside Gunn]
Penthouse, 2 stoves
Dome shot, made him tootsie roll (BOOM!!!)
Walk up in your hood like, "Fuck y'all"
They ain't see my lil nigga ducked off (brrrrrrrrrr!!!)
Fork in the coke pot, tryna make a billion (billion), whip
Fork in the coke pot, tryna make a billion (billion)