[Verse 1: B.o.B]
Okay, so I'm on the beat, what am I supposed to rhyme?
What am I supposed to do in this booth? Am I to flow a line?
What am I, a spokesman now? What am I, a poster child?
What am I supposed to smile?
What am I supposed to be the dopest MC to hold this down?
What if I wasn't poor as a child?
What if I didn't grow up in doubt?
I probably shouldn't be smoking so much, my mind is over fried
But still I notice how them same folks will smile
In your face, but behind your back them same folk will frown
But that's enough about them, talk about me
Yes, B to the O, I said B to the O
And to the B, I owe it to the streets
And I ain't trying to brag, but you know your boys a beast
And yeah I gotta eat cause my groceries on this beat
And my song will carry on 'til I no longer speak
My soul is also Kosher added to the fact I'm cheap
And I put that on my grandma, Othella, so rest in peace
Hater

[Ad-Libs: J. Cole]
Yeah, nigga
Hey, yeah, nigga
Hey

[Verse 2: J. Cole]
Ayy, many blessings sent from heaven, thanking God to be alive
Flight attendant woke me up said, "Mr Cole you have arrived, welcome"
In this game the price of fame is steep, Lord help 'em
Keep 'em sane, prayin' that the heat won't melt 'em
I'm headed to the top, I couldn't be more welcome
Took the lead role, now look I'm right outside your peephole
That's for the crown holders, never would I dethrone
But if you ever leave home, don't worry, I keep your seat warm
So yeah, I'm Simba in a sense, I'm the prince
You impostors no Mufasa's, but there's Oscars for you gents
When I say I'm better then you niggas don't mean no offense
But is clear with no tints, man, just check the fingerprints
You'll see we not the same, I got a shit list with lot's of names
And plus hit list with of rappers I'ma cock and aim
Then it's who shot ya, mane? Finally figured out the game
Got nuttin' to lose, and a whole fuckin' lot to gain

[Outro: J. Cole]
What
Yeah, nigga
J. Cole, nigga
Uh, yeah, B.o.B., nigga
Uh, ATL [?]
Boy, Grand Hustle, nigga
Roc Nation, nigga, Dreamville
Yeah