[Verse 1 – AWAR]
My drive clear view, no tints on the window pane
Eyes on the rear-view, shifting gears, switching lanes
Trip in pain.  Man, this is in my veins
Sitting on da Vinci’s clique, get this picture framed
Whipping at high speeds, push it past what the limits say
Pedal to the metal, competition I eliminate
Riding on a different lane on this interstate
Dollar short and a minute late, but now it’s fiscal gains
I wanted accolades on this path I paved
As we pour out the Cognac for those that passed away
Hung in the fast lanes, blunt in the ashtray
Adjust your seatbelts, I need my passengers safe
Back from Big Daddy Kane and medallions and chains
Back when Guru had an acronym for his name
Back when the mapped terrain was easier to navigate
You had to make a statement for the status in this game
I steer clear of disasters and the bad advice
You can’t bring lavish Platinum ICE with you to the afterlife
And I won’t be satisfied ‘til the offers match his price
I kept my appetite—nothing comes without sacrifice
This is the culmination—it ain’t happen overnight
I was rapping, free shows, battles, open mics
I’m tryna own it, go in, the flow is tight
What good is being chosen if nobody knows it, right?

[Hook x2 – LaToiya Williams]
I arrived, I arrived (I arrived…)
No more struggling, getting by (No more struggling…)
Living my dreams [or fueling fires?] (Living my dreams…)
But it wasn’t easy (it wasn’t easy…), it wasn’t easy

[Verse 2 – AWAR]
This goes out to those who tried to crush his hopes
I took an oath—nobody out can stunt his growth
Y’all are such jokes, ranting about what numbers you sold
I better run this globe, yeah, the rest just come and go
Cruise control on—this is in my comfort zone
‘Til they send the rows out to do a hundred shows
Yup, and still all you snakes do is spew venom
Mad because I want my McLaren to have a new emblem
Smelling like the new floor model, limited edition
These seats ain’t lizard skin—these is amphibian
I stand in position—you can’t grant me permission
My wheels keep spinnin’, a hustler’s ambition
They sayin’ what I’m doing, it ain’t been done yet
You leased your vehicle to the labels—you a sublet
Just wait and see what’s next here on the horizon
And cue up the sunset as I ride to the end
(Ride to the end…)

[Hook x2 – LaToiya Williams]
I arrived, I arrived (I arrived…)
No more struggling, getting by (No more struggling…)
Living my dreams [or fueling fires?] (Living my dreams…)
But it wasn’t easy (it wasn’t easy…), it wasn’t easy