Verse

The real will recognize him, the fakers gone despise him
J be in his own world, No! this just an island
I see you rappers choking, but I won’t perform the Heimlich
Damn this boy is fire, enlightened? yes I’m lit
Rap verses timeless, look what you’ve ignited
Going so hard, that your hoes got excited
Masterminds credit J. Norm for design scripts
God screaming Jesus Christ! every time a rhyme spits
The Primus I'll transform, and make a fucking shrine lift
Your boy pure gold, and The Letter J is midas
So Cold and Venting, Now they yelling out  Can I BE!
This Boy, Bring it Back, ain’t no Error you can see
You Do you, I’ll do me
The other 3 songs cooking, No Recipe
A chef don’t reveal his ingredients to make shit
With one drop I’ll clean em off, Got on my Cascade shit
People see the monument, but question who could make it
3rd eye opened form the pyramid to ancient
Knowledge the whole world evil, don’t remind us
While people just cheer, the devil’s feet up no recliners
These stone cold facts, break the glass that broke the silence
Everyday we add a sin, light bulb? no Thomas
Life in full perspective,  Geico's more progressive
Body counts adding up, like Fema undetected
These messages I’m tryna convey, will make you metro’s sprint
Bars filled with holy shit, yeah you know that heaven scent
Benevolent, relevant words spoke accredited
Shaggy tell your dog, these murder mysteries don’t meddle in
Jedi when he grab a pen, young J Padawan
I torah round the truth, went from Genesis to Exodus
Found the government is more illegal than the mexicans
A resident of evil bosses, Tyrants, and Nemesis
You Lost yet? No problem,  I’ll just press reverse
Nemesis, Tyrant, boss is evil hope this works
Mexicans, illegal how the government was found
No exit from this genesis, the truth is tore around
Peddling the young, grab em pen em then you jet by
Media the mystery murderers, they shag lies
A credit hits, speaking there words of pure irrelevance
Get sent to heaven, for showing a shreds of you’re intelligence
Ooops!…I think i slipped, another secret message in
Check the periodic table, yeah I know the elements
Your boy a big problem, that can crush a  fucking elephant
Skin a skeleton, just let the acids settle in
I'll rap about it all, and it’s done with perfect elegance
Hoes, cars, money, yeah those escaping medicines
The truth, the lies, the wars, the homo’s and the feminist
The history, the moors, the slaves hell the fucking president
I’m better then your favorite rapper by every single precedence
By every single resonance, by every single emphasis
Present them in a case, you guaranteed to lose the settlement
I'm usually wishing good on people
But nowadays I’m Pessimist
Damn, I doubt the fucking world can really handle me
We all can see the problems, but you people act with apathy
I’m only unsigned, because 360’s well just ain’t for me
So you can keep your shiny offers, I’m a keep my sanity
I'm speaking to the old, with respect in  exchange for wisdom
So millennials can take your sideway ideas and stick them
Fuck your racism, fuck the hate system
We gotta see the true colors in the prism not in prisons
I know the algorithms, they conflicted our visions
How is Black the new Orange?, Ya’ll accepting that decision?
Democracy to capitalism, you see the game? no Activision
We worship to the clueless, so fuck it all is now religion
PRAISE GOD! PRAISE LORD! PRAISE JESUS!!!
Give the pastor my savings, they need us
Take blood and keep latching on cause they leeches
Ignore my every word
You fucking cowards now your speechless
Only pay attention, if I’m talking shit that’s needless
Well I got hella chains, and I drive a Lexus something series
Money to the ceiling, hell it’s like a  fucking building
Guns on deck looking like the fucking military
Always fucking hoes, cause they love the shit in missionary
Sike I lied, I walk around with a lot of drive
A lot of money on mind and my pockets filled with pride
AND I DON”T!!!