[Intro]
Members of the public are welcome to come to watch proceedings
(Where’s the loot?)
It’s me
The cops are coming
(Where’s the loot?)
Shut the fuck up! I got it
The cops… the cops
Fuck you, you piece of shit
No! Ah…
Take it outta here
Shut up, pussy!
Bring the car around
I’m comin for you now
Shut the fuck up!

[Verse 1: Action Bronson]
I want the yen in the envelope, cookies from the Girl Scout
Thin mints, wind sprint whips, bring them furs out
Chew my food, spit it out into a bird’s mouth
It’s only one and I’m already on the 3rd ounce
Baby seats in the passat ‘cus I don’t wanna make it hot
Cus if they pull over doggie then I’m sprintin like a fox
Into the forest, hide behind the trees, lit the orange
I got your honor under the armpit, I take the charges
Red roses, lay on wood boxes often
Park the tan porsche outside the good doctor’s office
Turn my head, cough
Cus I’m smoking on a dead corpse
Leave you sleepin next to head horse
Spark the Rose Mary, I saw the pussy and it’s so hairy
Take the leather out the closet like a known fairy
I fuck it but I won’t marry
They catch me all over the map, getting throat daily
Ah

[Interlude]
I mean it didn't weigh what you said it'd weight...I
Listen to me, I’m not gonna raise my voice
My mom’s in the hospital, you know I promised, next week
I want it more, not a dollar more, not a dollar less
Next week I promise it’s comin
Listen to me, fuck it!

[Verse 2: Evidence]
Yo! Straight out the garage, Al Bundy with no horse or carriage
Straight out the para-troopers parachuting over Paris
Straight out the charismatic, charisma
I caught a vision, been ridden by a thick one, divorce and marriage
Beautiful view from out the terrace
While I was out recruiting the crew, another tail from the careless
Side of pocket, caught her staring, then knocked it out the park
Roger Maris, I shoot the fair warn, I shoot the sheriff
Not a dollar more and not a dollar less
Fuckin any day or time of night
Call her up, call me Jimmie Walker dynomite
The city stalker with a violent life, silent knife
Uptown escape, this ain’t Harlem, this is solemn nights
A little crazy, he became a nuisance
Makin moves up out the west and got it off without a blueprint
The money talkin, shit keep it stirring
I’m 20-20 from my past life and live it reoccurring

[Interlude]
Alright, go, press the fuckin gas, go! Go go go
Okay okay, I’m goin, I’m goin
What are doin? You fuckin moron!
I put the fuckin brake on, I thought…
I didn’t know we had… gonna… yea aha
Fuckin prick, you’re in a getaway car, you piece shit, go
Okay okay, Jesus, I’m goin
Light the fuckin gas, I said go!

[Verse 3: Alchemist]
Mad man, I rip up stages
Specialized in removing lips from faces
Type of animal only exist in cages
Boy I traveled over 7 seas to distant places
To retrieve exotic pets, karate chop the nipple of yo chest
Ring the alarm, this is not a test
Kashmir sweaters made for golfin
Lootin a coffin, high enough to communicate with a dolphin
Moron Olympics, toss midgets like a discus
Sweatsuit stitched by Ralph Lifshitz
Spiff lit, instantly I cook like bisquick
Pump room rockin, I’m a bad brain misfit
Laughin while I’m dippin dash and Glock weapons
Big bully, foot brass knuckle rap, I’m hot stepping with aggression
The minute that you driftin is direction
Bubble like indigestion on a rhythm section

Stealin the coffin, mums in the garage