[Intro]
Mmm mmm yo yo
Yo yo, yo yo yo yo
Wait my whole life, to do this motherfucker up
Yo yo yo weed and Courvoisier and shit
Yo yo, yo, uh-huh
Nigga been waiting to get a Alchemist beat
Since I bought "1st Infantry" and shit, hehehe
Yo yo yo yo

[Hook]
What's a real nigga addiction? Money, weed and bitches
Hanging with snitches, shit, it wasn't my intention

[Verse 1]
I didn't know I knew him for years
Who would think his gums were soft?
To all my niggas I would die for
Load my pistol up go out and war for
Spend my last you keep your half we all poor
No way to go ill walk you through my front door
My ninjas do the same see when we was younger
You were my mane
Nigga I wouldn't figure you would be on that stand
Putting my life up in you hands, pointing your finger like "Damn!"
For really though? We was just sling Oxy
Like a year ago, you knew my sister tho
Auntie, cousins and my uncle Joe
Cuz, you hit my 'dro, see my nigga you's a ho
Remember those Cheerios? Ninja Turtles
On my grandma's floor, I'm like for sure (Donatello)
Catch you on the rebound you bound to dr-izz-ound
Grave lounge where you sit down
What goes around comes ar-izz-ound
The sky is up and hell is low
Keep your mouth shut, bet he won't tell no more

[Hook]
What's a real nigga addiction? Money, weed and bitches
Hanging with snitches, shit, it wasn't my intention
Bitch-ass nigga (fuck yo' ass comin from?)
Fo' sho'
What's a real nigga addiction? Money, weed and bitches
Hanging with snitches, shit, it wasn't my intention
Bitch-ass nigga (who the fuck you on the phone with?)
Awwwwww shit

[Verse 2]
Started around the bottom, ended up at the top
Heard you was in some trouble, I unretired my Glock
Did what I did who woulda knew you was the cops
Talking all on the phone, to your homies about plots
Got me up in the box
Thought that you was my nigga
Ya got your scentence reduced
Cause you told em that I pulled the trigger
And I was looking out for you
Tried to show him just how we do
Put all my shit aside now I'm through
Figured that I would keep it crippy
Rhis what this real nigga get me
Locked up for like a century
While you get chances of a Bentley
Fuck my old bitches while I beat my dick plenty
My shooting finger itchy
But I hope somebody get him, but probably not
Shit I ain't sweating it, cuz got me hot, better get his ass popped
Can't get over how we was tough as leather
Man, we did everything together, fucked our first bitches
And earned our first cheddar, robbed the first nigga
Was down for whatever and I'll blast 'til forever
If we had too, but it's all cool

[Hook]
What's a real nigga addiction? Money, weed and bitches
Hanging with snitches, shit, it wasn't my intention
Bitch-ass nigga (fuck yo' ass comin from?)
Fo' sho'
What's a real nigga addiction? Money, weed and bitches
Hanging with snitches, shit, it wasn't my intention
Bitch-ass nigga (who the fuck you on the phone with?)
Awwwwww shit

[Outro]
Started around the bottom
Started around the bottom, ended up at the top
Started around the bottom, ended up at the top
Don't let these niggas know your plots
Wha-word, wha-word, word... Q!!