[Intro: Pumpkinhead]
Yeah.  And that’s it.  I’d like to thank everybody who copped this CD.  Even if you ripped it and burned it, you know’m saying?  Whatever as... least y’all got to hear, you know, my joints or whatever.  It’s all good.  I’ll have no hate in my blood for y’all.  Um, yo.  Like I said, repping The Plague.  If y’all don’t know, just to be clear, The Plague is (Is) Tondeff, PackFM, Mecca, Substantial, Blitzkrieg, Wild Child, GMS, Kameel-Yen, Session, and me.  Ya heard?  (Yeah).  Hehe.  Uh, Brooklyn Academy, Will Tell, Block McCloud, and the newest member: Black Panther, on the production team.  Yeah (What up?), M.V.-double-L., what’s cracking?  Word to my homies out of Staten Island.  My boy Cymarshall Law.  What up?  (Everliven, Skit Slam)  Um.  We should take it out with some rhymes, right?  Kick a little quick rhyme.  Let me see (Do it).  Let me see, hehe.  Well, I’ma spit.  Uh, yeah.  Aight, check it.  Yo, yo, yo, yo

[Verse 1: Pumpkinhead]
Oh, you hardcore?  Why you hiding behind the door for?
Me and my crew always get called for encores
So sway back with Brooklyn Ac’.  Even before that
Will taught me breath control.  Now it’s a wrap
I’ll turn into the Hulk with gamma radiation
Bash a nigga face in, leave his face bent like Rocky Dennis
With a facemask.  You ain’t bad
You a trade bag of shake, man, and I don’t smoke schwag
I get medieval on weasels, hold you up like easels
Then get triple-X with your chick like Vin Diesel
I’m so raw and throw bars so far
They got more hang time than African women with no bras
I’m so hideous, got more flows than amphibians
About to blow like fourteen-year-old Palestinians
The best flow too incredible to let go
I guarantee this head is gonna shine like Destro’s
And ain’t no dissing me.  Listen, B.  After this
They’ll raise my hand in victory like the Statue of Liberty
You must be kidding me.  Hennessey got me deading
My enemies, draining their energy, creating ten of me
Stop your heart like ecstasy, beat you down heavily
Call me conceited.  I don’t care.  I’m the best emcee
This ain’t for y’all dudes pushing an M3
This is for my grimy, gutter-spitting emcees
That’ll kick a flow quicker than Jet Li
Go to South Beach and carjack a dude off a jet ski
I’m the wrong nigga.  Stomp through like Godzilla
That cat that made Candyman jump back in the mirror
Watch your back.  I’m highly liable to get homicidal on rivals
2003, it’ll be the start of an uprisal
One hand on the blam, the other hand on the Bible
I’m the man, your ghetto American Idol
Mr. Diaz wack suckers and put it on vinyl
You a toy, pushing a truck made by Tike-o
I hang kids over balconies like I’m Michael (Waaa!)

[Outro: Pumpkinhead]
Yeah, and I’m out.  Like I said, www-dot-spreadtheplague-dot-com.  Brooklyn Academy.  All my peoples out here in Jersey and Brooklyn holding me down.  Let’s go.  Uh