[Intro: Charles Hamilton]
I swear to God, man... That cold-ass bench?
Shit makes you ask some real questions... Ya dig?
Yo!

[Verse 1: Charles Hamilton]
If I get locked up tonight will my girl cheat and get knocked up tonight
Will HchO turn his back and say a nigga is a lost cause
Call Swiss and say: "oh well, I lost Charles"
Damn.. Will my mother get the last laugh?
Do I only have myself to be mad at?
Does Leroy even care, will he ever forget?
Or does him and Chris only want that 7 percent?
Does my lawyer even know, if so, where is he?
Did he even get a call, was he busy?
My thoughts go stupid when I'm trapped in a system
Writing badge numbers down, it's a wrap for the system
Half of the cell is full of jealous ass fellas that can spazz and just hit 'em
Other half, niggas dig 'em
Ayo Harlem, don't stress my nigga... You fresh, my nigga... You next, my nigga...
You go hard with the bars, niggas see you on your grind
Gotta good soul, I believe you gon' be fine
Too much of a man within me to wanna cry
But that be the reason that I shine

[Hook]
You can't take away my pretty-ass smile
Not for a while
Cause I'm shining...
And I'm blinding...
You can strip me down, but can't remove my style
(cause I'm wild) And I'm shining...
And I'm blinding...
So what more can you say to me?

[Verse 2: J Means]
Oh!
Lemme radiate, life's been a rainy day
Ever since '88, pops got sent away
My time now.. And everybody's blowin' smoke
Watch me cut through the clouds, fuck so-and-so
I'm the only do'-to-do' salesman who sells them and tells them the truth
So seldom they do but the youth being youth are like "who the hell are you?"
And I'm like "Deja vu, nigga.. I'm YOU, nigga!"
Shut the fuck up, let me tell you what to do nigga
Back to the future.. Watch me bounce light like fuschia
I got the glow in front of your optical
I leave the stage and they beg a nigga not to go
Bottom line, we gotta shine
So I guess you gotta grind if you tryna do what I'm
Then you better get your mind and soak these ultra violets
Stop wasting time and open up your eyelids cause I did
Now look at me, tell me what you see, A fucking G
Feel good to be him, right?
I ain't eatin', I'm lyin', I'm still slim, right?
I need a mixture, send me a fixture
Sick of these white broads, lord send me a sister
Lend me your ears and I'll bring 'em back full of crack
And you can keep it, tell me how cool is that
The same dude from high school is back to black
Phonzzy, Chuckie, got me smoking weed up out of bongies
Happy days are upon us so I puff puff marijuana
Looking at a pair of pharaoh garments
I don't only spend digits, nigga, I spend commas
You can even converse with my commerce
I rap full time... I was a con first
And I probably was ya broads first
I know...

[Hook]
You can't take away my pretty-ass smile
(It hurts, cause I'm.. Shining, bitch)
Not for a while
Cause I'm shining...
(That was a take, right there)
And I'm blinding...
You can strip me down, but can't remove my style
(cause I'm wild) And I'm shining...
And I'm blinding...
So what more can you say to me?

What more can you say to me?
What more can you say to me?
What more can you say to me?
What more can you say to me?
What more can you say to me?
What more can you say?