[Sample]
Shit, I'ma find me some new pussy!

[Intro]
YEAH!
You know me...
L-L-O-Y-D! Uh!
I'ma tell you the way my momma told me...
Back in 1993, don't love everything you see...
YEAH!

[Verse 1]
Uh, you love that girl, don't you?
Cause that's the only reason I can think of
That'll wanna make you give that broad all of your paper
Or - maybe rational thinking just ain't in your nature, boy
But think about what niggas in your hood'll take you for
Maybe your blinded or maybe you just a punk
Cause she's a hoe, and you give her everything she want (yeah!)
Look, I'ma tell you the way my momma told me
Back in 1993, don't love everything you see, see
Pussy equals power, power puts niggas is prison
Prison put niggas in position to be someone he isn't (WOO!)
Wishing he ain't go that route, maybe that's what love's about
Man, fuck that until I'm dead, I'ma SHOUT! Don't chase it!

[Chorus]
You'll agree if your anything like me (Don't, don't...)
Before I die of a pussy, I'd give up my right knee (right knee)
Don't chase it!
Loosen up yo' handcuffs when you come around me
She ain't the only fish swimming in the sea (sea)
I whip pussy, don't let pussy whip me
See I'ma tell you the way my poppa told me (told me)
Especially if the broad stuck on me
Don't keep a caged bird, let the motherfucker free
Don't chase it!

[Verse 2]
Uh, I like 'em small, tall, slim, thick; yeah, I'm on that pimp shit
Top down, hat low, candy paint, rims slick (woooo!)
Fresh cut, new fit, in my navy blue shit (uh-huh!)
Two clips, beefing with niggas I went to school with (fucka!)
You're buying her Prada, got a kid growing inside her
I done had her every way I want, bottom, top, back, front (YEAH!)
Head down, ass up, fast fuck, in back of the 'Lac truck
Gat tucked in between the seats, keep
Everything I just said stored inside your head (uh-huh!)
Shit, look at it this way, you'll still have all of your bread
Maybe I'm just cold hearted, maybe that's what love's about
Fuck that until I'm dead, I'ma shout don't chase it! (YEAH!)

[Chorus]
You'll agree if your anything like me (Don't, don't...)
Before I die of a pussy, I'd give up my right knee (right knee)
Don't chase it!
Loosen up yo' handcuffs when you come around me
She ain't the only fish swimming in the sea (sea)
I whip pussy, don't let pussy whip me
See I'ma tell you the way my poppa told me (told me)
Especially if the broad stuck on me
Don't keep a caged bird, let the motherfucker free
Don't chase it!

[Outro]
Nigga!
You done upset me, see this nigga's like YOU!
And make nigga's like me...
Look like niggas like you...
PICK YOUR NUTS UP, MAN!
Leaving 'em behind that bitch; when she got a G in her back pocket
Stop it!