Intro from "The Other Guys" voiced by Will Ferrell

You don't get it, there is a darkness inside of me. It wants to get out, wants to walk around. It wants some walking around money, and it wants to buy some shoes, and wants to, it wants to walk up to people and say "hey! Gator don't play no shit! You hea- you feel me? Gator never been about that! Never, never been about playin' no shit!"

First Verse

I was gone for a minute, laws of a menace
Shake, pause, crept up out the door before she change draws

She was a bust down why decide to trust now?
Plus I got some business and a hair appointment uptown

Bounce, shots fired, just another pierced tires
Make her stop, Bitch, I, 100s' style twitch eyes
100s drunk, grab thighs, skeeta mack, wear ties
Realize the nigga takin' pussies on a test drive

Let's ride, she look better from the left side
Phone up in my right pocket post up on my left side

Why rich hoes always got a big nose?
'N why weak bitches always gotta share clothes?
'N why ho bitches always gotta share dick-
'n think that we don't know we both hit it
'N that shit, that's when bro nigga turn to the ho nigga, no nigga
Just because you got the stage don't mean you got the flow, nigga

Body(?) ain't shit, might is what we strive fo'
Taught since we was like fo'(4 years old), money what we die fo'
Top is what we strive fo', even if we die po'
Grind until my eyes close, fuck I got a life fo'(ol?)

---

Let her know, let her know, (?) the mack don't love a ho
Let her see, let her see if she don't see the light then let her be
Let her choose, let her choose, if she ain't with the program let her loose
Set her free, set her free, that's the next nigga' job, now let her be

---

Second Verse

Never cap and save, you work your pack and save
And when you pack and save you blow it on that weight

Put it on that grave that you ain't never late-
With that bitch that was astray and never catch you pay

It gets sick out here, your main bitch out here
'N always broke, cause these niggas sellin' dick out here

What can I do, but light two? sittin' by ya-by you
Thinkin' 'bout more money and the next beat to write to

Never bet
A hand that you might lose
Nice dudes finish last, yeah nigga, finish that

A real skinny mothafucka got game
Work up on yo (Jimmy?) mothafucka, yeah, really, mothafucka

Old silly mothafucka, 'n they chillin', mothafucka
I'll be rockin' leatha 'til I hit a milli', mothafucka

So I might bend the corner at the red light, hair ties all up on the dashboard

Give me what I ask for, shit, it's almost past 4 (AM), I got a lot to laugh for, bag whores, smash whores, and exit out the backdoor

Pussy on tap, hot?, cold, 25 (?)

Light skinned bitch, put yo pussy on my damn face
Don't touch my sideburns, though

---

Let her know, let her know, (?) the mack don't love a ho
Let her see, let her see if she don't see the light then let her be
Let her choose, let her choose, if she ain't with the program let her loose
Set her free, set her free, that's the next nigga' (job), now let her be

---