[Intro]
Cry two tears in a bucket...
Fuck it
Let's take it to the stage

[Verse 1]
(Mothafucka!)
Niggas still drinkin' Cristal
Still pourin' out OE for they niggas that was hit by the spits of the pistol
Bitches say they love you, but they ain't up in the courtroom with you when the mothafucka hit trial
Oracle Arena, Driving past venues, dreamin' as I listen to the Marathon Continues
Welcome to the Land of the Laced and the bitches we done been through
I'm just trying to make it with the niggas that I'm kin to
Maybe cop a Benz too, maybe bring a bitch through
My bay niggas think it's really poppin' down there
My LA niggas think it's really poppin' up here
Down in SD I met some fine white bitches who had that fever for a young laced bay nigga
Half cabs on my feet, gold chain on my chest
5'10 nigga, but got love for the whole West, sunrise, sunset
Palm Trees, good weed, never gotta stress, dog, fuckin with the west, dog
Say we talk funny, bay slang they ain't never heard
Like why you niggas say 'bruh' and 'hella' ever other word?
To me she a rip, though. (to) You she a flip, though
A universal name is a ho, for the bitch, though
Them bitches fucked up, growin' up, but we never judge
West side give me love, west side give me love

[Hook : x2]
The land of the Laced
West Coast, motha-fucka (mothafucka...)
Land of the game
West Coast, motha-fucka (mothafucka...)

[Verse 2]
I'm from the California Coast
Beaches and bridges hit the car, get goin'
So we be sleepin' with bitches, hope a nigga don't squeeze
Three at ya cherry, M3, Rest in peace to Pac
Nigga, rest in peace to MD... Regulator
Shout to the west side playas who still wearin gators
Who gone bring a bitch for a tax refund fast when that mothafucka come back
I'm a menace on Venice
Lookin' for the right bitch who ain't (?) forty two
I'm here for one night, shit
On one with my niggas on DP, what you think?
So every time I hit SB I wake up in a drunk tank
Say "fuck it, my stomach hurtin', but the weekend was worth it"
I been gang with a California OG, he gone tell you fuck a bitch('s) feelings
Nigga, tell her what it's gone be
Cold game, cold game
Simple ass nigga, drinkin on a twabalator(?) up on you rent-ass nigga
One love, when you see me up on your street
My nigga flyin out
I told him I got a California bitch for him that suck dick like she got no teeth
And when I come to your city I expect the same
California Mac, nigga, respect the game

[Hook : x2]
The land of the Laced
West Coast, motha-fucka (mothafucka...)
Land of the game
West Coast, motha-fucka (mothafucka...)