"Back up!"
"Back up, back up, back up..."
"Okay now, just, just put the activator down."
"Where were you the day Cookie Head got killed?"
"I was at the hair salon man, I was getting my curl done, I was there all day."
"Where?"
"Oh okay, I wasn't there all day man, I [?] on Crenshaw, I bought me some hair care products man. I got some activator. Some glycerine. And some curl activator."
"I ain't never went out to the beach."

[Verse 1]
Make your bitch wanna have a nigga slide through and put dick on her
Wanna dip with a nigga take a trip with a nigga, what, you ain't know you was a flip to a nigga, huh?
I'ma let my soul glow in a black volvo and my teeth shine like a chrome .44
Don't tell a nigga nothing that he don't know, with a mouthpiece that could put you on a ho stroll
Thought you was the nigga til you a nigga huh, now you thinking about what you told them hoes
When You was all up in they bed, pillow talking and hating, throwing all types of salt on my operation
Ate a bitch, get it then play the bitch
But she live in section 8 with her brother sister momma and her uncle trying to hustle
Do I save the bitch? Do I lace the bitch?
Do I pump her veins with my activator?
Do I call her now? Do I call her later?
Do I leave her hanging like "bitch I'm through"? Do I leave her insecure like "what I do?"
We should flip for it, heads or tails, what I choose?
Momma never thought I was a bad kid, but I got a lot of tales for the grandkids
I must say, players only live once,
Is you bout it?
Let a real nigga reroute it
Make a nigga wanna ask questions like "who that is?" "What he do?"
"Do you know that nigga? Did you fuck that nigga?" Cause...
If so, then bitch we through

[Hook]
My activator, ho, my activator (x3)
Don't touch my activator, no, cold game, don't hate the player
My activator, my activator (x3)
Fuck all them perpetrators, in the end all I got is my activator

[Verse 2]
How that nigga got all that but ain't working? How that nigga got all that but ain't serving?
Told him it's the activator nigga, do you need some? I might have some for you
How to make a motherfucker hate yo shit, then how to make a motherfucker play yo shit, and how to make a motherfucker take yo shit, date yo shit, pay yo shit
That activator charm, and you know that!
Tell that ho to set alarm, if you wanna put a diamonds in the charm
Make a nigga stop like, "Oh that's you? "Unloading all your cashews, in a bitch with benefits and a back tattoo?"
"Can you make a bitch cum with your dick and your tongue?" That's the question dude
"Can you tell that bitch that shes the only one and you was never with that other bitch and have her never question you?"
Be smooth with it, no details
Some niggas flip a whole clique of bitches then go run they mouth like a female
That ain't P, therefore that ain't me
"Do you smile when you see her, kiss and hug that bitch?"
"When your slipping, when she's slipping, would you love that bitch?" My nigga you fucking up
Gotta feel em out
But if she left yo ass, you would call the ho pouring your feelings out

[Hook]

[End]