[Intro: Keisha Plum]
Bow our heads, let us pray
Thou shall still not fuck with the Flygod
Who else has done what he has?
Fuckin' God risen from the Buffalo slums
Griselda gang, let them other niggas hang
Easter eggs finessed with rubies and gold
Keisha Plum, giving you the greatest story never told
Pastry poochie, wild as David Ruffin on coke, dripping in Gucci
It's Gunday, eat these words and die
Surprise surprise, she's still the illest poet alive

[Bridge: Westside Gunn]
Ayo, (boom!) Ayo fuck these niggas yo, (boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom!) aye yo
'Fuck about (grrrdt!) none of these niggas, yo (Grrrrddddttt! boom boom boom boom boom!)
Luxurious fly shit (doot doot doot doot doot doot doot doot doot doot doot doot doot doot doot doot doot doot doot doot doot doot doot doot doot!)

[Verse 2: Westside Gunn]
Ayo, infatuated by coarse paintings and laws waiting
Medusa on the saucer scrapin'
I be the flyest nigga ever, mirror mirror
Off-White biker leather, yo, Superman all on my sweater yo
Warhol with the gloves on, turn the stove on
Money green, [?], you never drove with
I had the fiends on the block singing "West that nigga"
Yay dealer, J Dilla, 50 on both wrists's, coke whippers
Chanel bags for both of my bitches, peace (peace!)
Sold dope for ten years straight
Dog sniff the readymade bag then fainted
Readymade frogman leaping over basics
Your favorite rapper a lil nigga, let's face it
Know it, NYC apron like I'm baking, Lord
The chain cost thirty, thirty did 'em dirty
You fuckers ain't worthy, Lord
I do shit like, cop a new whip when I'm bored
Griselda Records nigga, see the scale and the sword
Griselda Records nigga, it's the fuckin' almighty
Used to camp in the line, now I'm getting boxes from Nike (ow!)
Shoutout the Flygod's by Nike
Shout out to Chris from Play Cloths
I just might paint the Wraith gold
Face blown off, one shot though (Boom!)
Hop in the Ghost and ghost, (skrr) Gucci goes for show
Free my nigga A, free my nigga Sos (Free my niggas)
God, why you take [?] so soon? (so soon)
Why you take him so soon Lord?
God, why you take 'Chine Gun so soon? (so soon)
He never made it to twenty-five (twenty-five)
They never made it to twenty-five (twenty-five)
They never made it to twenty-five (twenty-five)
Why you took my nigga so soon?
Why you took him so soon?

[Bridge: Westside Gunn]
Ayo, it's the Flygod himself
It's Easter Gunday
I just pissed champagne all morning
Last night was beautiful, we went out
Y'know, was there at your birthday weekend man
We had the section
We popped bottles all night
Gorgeous bitches, smoking dope, you know
Fly of course, we just livin' life
Niggas dropping they albums man
I'm not fuckin' impressed neither
See I fell back for a minute, doin' the clothes and shit
Everything sellin' out, man I think the people-
Y'know this shit art, my nigga, this shit legendary, nah'mean like-
I-I come with this shi- I-I come with this shit-
Like, I come at this shit on some other shit, y'nahmean
Niggas keep stealin' my fucking shit man, nah'mean?
Any- yo, I'm tired of niggas stealin' my shit man
Let's be fuckin real man
Nah'mean, your fucking favorite rappers some little niggas too
Tell you that, I don't give a fuck how-
Them niggas could be 42, them niggas is still little niggas man!
Let's get that fuckin' straight
It's 'bout to be a hell of a year man
I just woke up and wanted to do this shit, man
I had to give y'all niggas part two man
And yo, I don't know what the fuck y'all niggas thought
But shit don't change over here my nigga
This shit is loyalty over here my nigga, no matter what
So with that bein' said...

(Yuh!)

[Verse 2: Mach-Hommy]
Ayo, my nigga I feel a lot of pain
Your psychosomatic brain got the frontal lobes blicked off
You outta range
I feel every inch of every blade
That's why when niggas say we BFF, it's a little ripple
It's not a wave (it's not a wave)
It's a goose pillow inside the case
Them crackas rock your ass to sleep with a pencil
Niggas is wide awake
Temperamental niggas is outer space
How many Seroquel, my nigga think
How many gypsies not away? (Sleep)
I kept my penny-pincher by the waist
I'm at my friendliest, tune in
I let my Henny sit without a chase
Dodge Viper, I got the key to Entourage tighter
Wha have a keep a rum pum pum nah ya? (doot doot, blow)
Set the snakes in the grass on fire (doot doot doot doot)
You're messier with the patch on fire (doot doot)
Look at the mess we made
Your cul-de-sac on fire (doot doot doot)
This Perrier, a water tap bone dryer
What happened to the flow?
The maximum load in the MAC-10 it holds
Fifty niggas is rubbers, their mittens close
Sugarhill Bentleys, chickens is cluckin' in chicken cults
Misanthropes that put up real numbers on their physicals
Might do a lil something for a chemical
Gauche, old maladroit tuckin' the toast
No smoke, the Ruger had your boy in bookings with bulk
Two-tone, TAG Heuer with the Hoyas, Eric [?]
Peugeot, hop out the turbo with the Steyr for show, (skrr)
Kuzo, I write some thorough shit and buy us a coast
Loophole, I Heisenberg the shit, suppliers get roped
Mucho, I like to splurge and get designer with dope
Puto, I like to learn the business, science since broke
New Rolls, I like to herb the dealer, buy 'em in bulk, uh
B7 or Wraith, hop out that shit like Young Dolph
One false, then it's cannons away
Pull up at dusk and dawn, cabriolet
I wore my HBO Stüssy to the mall, mall slathered in cream
Mall slathered in cream, uh, ayo yo
Who can take tomorrow? Dip it in a dream
I separate the sorrow then collect a check and make a scene
Commemorate your wallows, throw them little heifers on a string
Stool pigeons don't fuck with high wires nah'mean?
New niggas don't fuck with wise guys, bada-bing (bada-bing)
Flip you like a foreclosure (boom!)
Griselda bucket or cobra, ragamuffin Carhartt toga
Reckon I'll pop over, for Passover
By the time I say Hallel the opps' block smolder
By the time I say Hallel the watch a lot colder (Hallel)
Hova!

[Outro: Mach-Hommy]
It's overrr
(LL, Cool M)
(Bitch-ass niggas, what the fuck wrong with you nigga)
(I'm out here, we out here!)