[Intro: ? + ?]
There you go, there you go
What I'm getting from this is really that feeling you were describing before about how it's a very physical act
A big part of it is me being in the studio all of the time and you know, a huge passion of mine is to be able to
Take it to the streets, getting that sort of feedback as I work
It's kind of, like, you get the people to, like, kind of bear witness to your passion manifest and, like, feel it with you or see
Absolutely, and they become part of the process

[Pre-Verse: Westside Gunn]
Brrt, boom boom boom boom boom boom boom, ayo
Brrt, brrt, boom boom boom boom boom boom boom, ayo

[Verse: Westside Gunn]
MAC in the Supreme with the mic jack (brrt)
These niggas actin' like they ill, they ain't like that
Gator ray 6's, yay flippers, we in the cell reminiscing
All you heard was, "CO, I'm hit", they caught him slippin
Lord forgive him, robbed the dice game, bought a 100 suits
Had the joint on 'em, ten flights, threw 'em off the roof
He landed on Mercer by Versace
Last time they see me I'll be shootin' out the Masi
Gucci tearaway suits, Jesus, make two bricks out of one
Wipe your fucking prints off and we bool
Gold horse from '76, I think this Nicky Barnes shit
Unwrap the third crystal, you know the god fish
Balenciaga bucket shot the whole whip up, he launched it
I make the sky gray, rain yay, Canali jumpers (boom boom boom boom boom boom boom)
Ayo, I make the sky gray, rain yay, Canali jumpers
Hollow points for throwaways
I know they jam, but I'ma hit you five times in the gut
He need another rib
Fieg purple Maestros on the tight rope
Bags was 35, I had them for 32, they gave them hope
Davey Boy Smith with no kick, with the rubber handle
A new yacht every week, John Sanden sandals (lalalalalala)
Ayo, a new yacht every week, John Sanden sandals

[Verse 2: Keisha Plum]
If Greselda and Adolf had a baby, he would be a little Shady
He would make me his lady
Red roses and blood diamonds for his lady
He would let me read poetry to his enemies
Before he chopped their heads off
Pyramid schemes iller than Madoff
Sticky weed and bulletproof vests
Talk slick, dump a clip in your chest
Poisoning puppies for practice, murderous tendencies
Giving bitches a buck fifty for fun
Packing grenades, he's sipping Perignon
But it's Ace of Spades in my flute
No words exchanged, just give him the signal, my nigga shoot
Japanese denim and Fendi ankle boots
Coconut color Carreras
A hundred for the lipstick, fifty for the mascara
Four-hundred on something see-through from the La Perla
Skin and hair scented in Clive Christian, number one
Baron spectacular, he knew fucking her would be dangerous fun

[Outro: ? & ? & ?]
Tell her, tell her
Can I get my 75 cents?
Tell her, tell her again
Damn, he gon' give it to you
No, I need 75 cents out of you
I got you
Ooh, lemme see that [?]
I want it outta her
What you need to do, is you need to tell her-
Guess what, guess what. I got the [?] and I want [?]
Say it, say it again
Give it, give me my 75 cents and I'll show you how I go brrow, he haw, he haw, he
Well, how much, how much?
75 cents
[?] this bitch
You gon' do all that under what?