[Intro: Ace Hood] + (Ludacris)
I wake up and got four or five bitches in the bed (in the bed)
Smokin' weed, drinkin' liquor by the keg (by the keg)
I was born an O.G. if you ain't heard about me
I put four or five bullets in your head, Ace Hood!
(Yeah, Luda!)

[Verse 1: Ludacris]
As if the guillotine chopped off my noggin
I got my head gone
Got my pedal to the metal
And my Lambo poppin' in the red zone
Speedin' like demons is reason
Heathens is breathin' hard
But I roll with some heathens
That just, just don't seem to believe in God
They'll whoop your head boy
Put your body in the bottom of the ocean
Mean while Ludacris is in the MIA
With Ace Hood somewhere smokin'
Got a pound of the purp and the smell on my shirt
So I'm lookin' like roll it up
I be swimmin' in a pool of blood
Cause the A.K. super soak it up
Hahaha, nah fuck that
I'mma come back with it right quick like this
Come back with it, ha ha ha ha
Nasty and Ludacris on the track with it
Got enough ammo to blow you out of proportion
And put a motherfucker on his back with it
I'm so wrong, I'm so Gutta
I'm so dangerous, ain't I?
I'm so gone off these suckers
But the flamers will bang you cause I'm a solid aimer
The fat lady got a song to sang ya
Meanwhile I stashed all your bricks
In my million airplane hanger
I'm so high, I'm so fly, that is a fuckin shame
Smokin' weed by the bush with that kush
And you's a fuckin' lame

[Hook: Ace Hood] + (Ludacris)
I wake up and got four or five bitches in the bed (in the bed)
Smokin' weed, drinkin' liquor by the keg (by the keg)
I was born an O.G. if you ain't heard about me
I put four or five bullets in your head (in your head)
I wake up and got four or five bitches in the bed (in the bed)
Smokin' weed, drinkin' liquor by the keg (by the keg)
I was born an O.G. if you ain't heard about me
I put four or five bullets in your head (in your head)

[Verse 2: Ace Hood]
In your head nigga, Young Gutta, Ace Hood homie
Yo! Luda I got 'em, "Ruthless" homie
And I'm a ball like a dog and I'm never gon' fall
You can call me Jordan baby
In a Lamborghini drop top
And I can't stop myself from stuntin' lately
And I'm stickin' to the dollars and my motto
You can follow, tell them holler, it's "Fuck you, pay me"
I'll meet those hollows in the back of the Tahoe
They comin' at a spiral, borrow that
And any nigga want to get it, I ain't trippin'
I'll send about 50 with a body bag
Zip it up, ship, ship his ass at the bottom of the ocean fast
Then I sit back, laugh, with a pound of that hash
Me and Ludacris pass that
You will need a gas mask, think you can still bag that
Mmm, haha, Ace Hood, Ace Hood, G's hood homie
And guess who, guess who I'm back with it
Ace Hood motherfucker don't act with it
Ruthless than a motherfucker, tell them other brothers
Don't try cause they know that I'm packin' it
Give me your car, then your keys, then your jean
Then your green, if you sneeze then you comin' up absent
And I roll with a pack of them goons
And they only think tools with bodies packed in it
More money I'mma keep on stackin' it
Hundred thousand for the chain, immaculate
New whips I'mma keep plate taggin' it
New swag and a Louis duff bag with it
Ace Hood, that's who, you mad with it
To all you haters and you fake antagonists
I got a hit, what's your name? You can have it!

[Hook: Ace Hood] + (Ludacris)
I wake up and got four or five bitches in the bed (in the bed)
Smokin' weed, drinkin' liquor by the keg (by the keg)
I was born an O.G. if you ain't heard about me
I put four or five bullets in your head (in your head)
I wake up and got four or five bitches in the bed (in the bed)
Smokin' weed, drinkin' liquor by the keg (by the keg)
I was born an O.G. if you ain't heard about me
I put four or five bullets in your head (in your head)