[Intro]
Oh yeah?
That’s how you feel, huh, young niggas?
You gon’ pull up in that ma’fuckin’ foreign right there
Went bare in your ma’fuckin’ pocket with that bitch?

[Hook]
Goddamn… goddamn
Why you do ‘em like that? Goddamn
(What you mean?)
How he pull up in the Porsche, 911, oh lord
With a bad bitch with me and her ass all for it
Goddamn… goddamn
Hundred-thousand for the Rollie, goddamn
All these diamonds in my chain, 30 bottles on the way
KOD in Magic City, pissy, K, I’ll make it rain
Goddamn

[Verse 1: Ace Hood]
Steppin’ out tonight I think I’m ‘bout to make a movie
Drophead Phantom whippin’, bumpin’ Lil’ Boosie
Bitch, I got a check I just might buy the whole club
Twenty-thousand dollars I just call it showin’ love
Big money nigga, caught a milli on the jewels
Ballin’ like a bitch, I made the ESPN news
Oh boy, you can never play me for a fool
Keep a Mr. Fix-It with me, that’s who keep the tool
I say “now good lord, look at shorty there, she all ass”
“Bet your money she gon’ fuck me for that brown bag”
I said I’m too gone off that liquor – turn up, nigga, you trippin’
And peace to rockin’ my system – blue-tinted watches, I’m different

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Plies]
I was in the trap, cracker kicked the door
I was in the room, I was beatin’ a hoe
Cracker asked me “nigga, where the store?”
Told him “probably in Alaska, cracker, where it snow”
Hit Crummers, I’mma buy a hundred shares
And give it all the way to all of y’all niggas
Got a funny feeling I’mma whack me a rat
And get on TV playin’ crazy like “I don’t know what happened”
Asked me did I fuck his girl, I told him I don’t remember
Now did she suck me? That’s a strong possibility
Hit him with the nine and got his shit back
Ten racks, pussy nigga, and I’ll sell your chain back

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Ace Hood]
Okay, now fat black Meryl bitches call me Bruce Wayne
Crib big as Wal-Mart, nigga that’s a shame
And I keep a shooter, call that boy Dwayne Wade
Most them niggas pussy, lucky I don’t call names
Catch me runnin’ up in that, Lord have mercy, thank you Jesus
Probably with a freak, her name Tanika, she a skeezer
Order more bottles, tell ‘em more rosé
Dope boy swag, gold rollie and some J’s
I be wildin’ on your niggas – stylin’ on your niggas
Go and cop a whip and then I Instagram a picture
What your money like? What get your cheddar up?
My paper long, bitch, etcetera, etcetera
Yeah!

[Hook]