[Chorus: Slim Diesel]
I ain't give in 'til I gotcha'
'bout to break you off somethin' proper (haha)
Flow so sick need a doctor (oh yeah)
If you feeling like the man, can't stop ya'
Yeah, brother, right on!
Nigga, right on!
Yeah, brother, right on! (what you say?)
Nigga, right on!

[Verse 1: Ace Hood]
Emerging from the cellar to rocking them gold medals
I'm the only legend that's livin' ain't at Coachella
Smokin' on some ganja, the leaf is made of vanilla
Chillin' with a queen, "what the fuck is a Cinderella?"
I got 'em, hailin' outta the bottom, I had to blossom
Hitters outside of your crib, they playin' opossum
Tap you on your shoulder to quickly diffuse the gossip
Ace get on the beat and he turn it into Irving Plaza
I silence the noise, I'm swifter than Floyd
Made it out my situation, I gotta rejoice
Yeah, yeah, landed on my feet and I never scuffed my Adidas
I been hardly jogging, I'm trying to give ya'll a breather
Noise overcrowded, it's hard to hear from the bleachers
Everything I know, I could never pledge of allegiance
A man of my word
Emotionally reserved
Get upset and I am likely to enter the purge
Lot of shit going on in the world today
A black man got shot for his skin today
Another cop probably tryin' to wash his sins away
I did the Yeezy with the joggers, I'm super straight

[Chorus: Slim Diesel]
(Lord have mercy)
Yeah, brother, right on! (right on)
Nigga, right on! (right on)
Yeah, brother, right on! (what you say?)
Nigga, right on!

[Verse 2: Ace Hood]
Loungin' in the suite, watching Belly, we at the Ritz
I been on my healthy, this vegan shit is the lit
Focus on your wealth and invest it into your shit
You just rather look it than actually being rich
Oh, I got it
Independent, I'm solid, you not inspired, I'm sorry
Manifest then we started, I try my best to work harder
I'm 'bout them decimals, comma, I'm feeling jiggy
Never second guess if the energy kinda iffy
I'm not into secrets I leave that shit up to Vicky
Taylor made suits in this glory, it's how it fit me
I'm changin my ways, I'm boujee today
"You don't think I worked this hard to keep it the same?"
Foundations never work if it's weak in the frame
Don't you say I never taught you a couple of things (woomp)

[Chorus: Slim Diesel]
Yeah, brother, right on! (right on)
Nigga, right on! (right on)
Yeah, brother, right on! (what you say?)
Nigga, right on!