[Intro: Mavado, DJ Khaled, & French Montana]
Ahhhh haaa (This the remix! Suicidal remix!!!!) Ahhhh haaa
(Mavado!) Yeah! (French Montana!) {Montana!} (Ace Hood!)
Gully God (This the worldwide remix!!!) From Kingston
(Kingston Jamaica! Palestine! Morocco! We worldwide with this!)
(It's DJ Khaled! The streets greatest hits!) {Ha!}
(Cause We The Best music! Bow down!) {Woop}

[Chorus: Mavado & French Montana]
So suicidal, first dem ever see this
Gangsta for life, the realist
So suiciddddeeeee, first dem ever see this
Gangsta for life, (Ha) the realist

[Verse 1: French Montana]
Realest in the game, silly with the aim (Ha)
Nigga fly to death, kill me on the plane (Woo)
I did it for my town and I ain't do it for the bread
It ain't about the crown nigga heavy is the head (Ha)
I see my dreams fade like Fat Joe's weight
It was hard in them back blocks, dark for the have nots (Ha)
My homey turned a hundred grand twenty five bricks (P)
Caught doin a hundred gave him twenty five (shit)
Fuck boys now ring from your do' step (Ha)
I seen niggas hang it up, cold check (Ah)
Shorty said what's in the dark come to light
Tell that bitch pay her light bill (Ha)
My life real (Montana)

[Chorus: Mavado & Ace Hood]
So suicidal, first dem ever see this
Gangsta for life, the realest
So suiciddddeeeee, first dem ever see this
Gangsta for life, (Well!) the rea-

[Verse 2: Ace Hood]
I'm the flyest I suppose, suicide flows
Lambo wide invented doors suicide doors
Kill 'em with the swag in some shit you can't afford
From '98 Accords to chorus on billboards
No more shoppin in stores it's meetings with Tom Ford
Pretty women on board your bored they so adored
Gangstas to the core put four g's out on the porch
Know some Jamaican killers with choppers and C4
Yeah we are the hottest like Satan my correspondent
Yeah I know the pilot the meanin of flyin private
Yeah a nigga shinin my presidential with diamonds
Call that my Obama, pistol for mo' drama, whoa (gone)

[Chorus: Mavado]
So suicidal, first dem ever see this
Gangsta for life, the realist
So suiciddddeeeee, first dem ever see this
Gangsta for life, the realist

[Verse 3: Mavado]
God if you with me
Show the lighters let me know
Lighters let me know, you know
Hands in the sky if you with me
It's the Gullyside life you know
You know... you know...
Real niggas on di corna, catch me if you can
AK, with the clip the banana
You don't wanna fuck around, I will bring ya drama
Hot like a sauna middle east Osama
(Oh oh oh) Only if your realer with me
Suicide on dead road
No mercy on the streets, incase you never know

[Chorus: Mavado]
So suicidal, first dem ever see this
Gangsta for life, the realist
So suiciddddeeeee, first dem ever see this
Gangsta for life, the realist