[Chorus – Maya Azucena]
We are more than a photo in the magazine
And our souls are shining brighter than you've ever seen

[Verse 1 – Cormega]
From darkness comes light for you to find your way
When lost, he who has faith God sustains
Haiti lost so many brothers.  Therefore, we pray
With heavy hearts for the mothers who lost their babies
Lost their homes, lost everything they own
Yet still kept it together, never lost their hold
Or lost their soul which is more than gold
I overstand now—I think the whole world should know

[Verse 2 – General Steele]
I can feel the earth shake.  What can make the earth quake?
Some of us get through the storm.  Others’ help came late
Families live in dire straits.  Kids die at higher rates
Looking for a higher power, asking God, “Is this my fate?”
Look my baby in the face.  “It’ll be OK
We gon’ get through this together.  Promise I'mma make a way
Regardless any obstacle we ever face
It can’t erase the fact that we made it and we here to stay”
(So let us pray…)

[Chorus – Maya Azucena]
We are more than a photo in the magazine
And our souls are shining brighter than you've ever seen

[Verse 3 – stic.man]
This is not celebrity charity—this is sincerity
Haiti don't need our pity—they need our solidarity
Our people need to know the severity of the tragedy
The news can't give you the scope of the catastrophe
Talk to the people that still missin’ they families
The ones that wasn’t able to escape to Miami
Seein’ mudslides on the hillside, roofs cavin’ in
Whole cities destroyed, floods came rushin’ in
Dead bodies and furniture floatin’ through the neighborhoods
Governments rushin’ in, hungry for that Haitian blood
Older kids gotta take care of the younger ones
Young Dessalines—every struggle makes another one
Toussaint Louvertures are surely needed now
Graffiti tags on the wall reads, “Freedom Now”
The strength of a nation is defined by the struggle
I got faith that Haiti gonna rise from the rubble

[Chorus – Maya Azucena]
We are more than a photo in the magazine
And our souls are shining brighter than you've ever seen

[Interlude – Redman]
Words can't even express the heartache and the devastation that Haiti went through and is still goin’ through today.  I'll tell you like this, man.  I just wish God would hear they prayers, man.  You know what’m talking ‘bout?  So I’mma do it like this for Haiti ‘cause I love…  Check it out…

[Verse 4 – Redman]
Big up to H-A-I-T-I, yeah
Throw the flags up, Haiti.  Tell ‘em, “We out here”
Sometimes, I think God don’t hear our prayer
So this rhyme, we gon’ make him hear.  Yeah
I said, “My people ain’t eatin”
And tell Mother Nature, “Let’s come to an agreement”
And tell MJ, “I want corruption defeated”
My people mistreated
And if I had to vote, I’d vote for Wyclef to lead it

[Verse 5 – Lil’ Fame]
Hopped into a yellow cab [?] today, talking to the Haitian man driving
Homie broke down and started crying
Man, and what this dude told me, this ain’t make sense
He said he just lost a daughter and a son at Port-au-Prince
And I knew what he was feeling, but the pain hurts worse
When you lose your own children, he was there since birth
I thought Brownsville was messed up, but over there is worse
This is realness I speak about—let’s help the people out

[Chorus – Maya Azucena]
We are more than a photo in the magazine
And our souls are shining brighter than you've ever seen

[Verse 6 – Maya Azucena]
Can we pray for us?
Stand for us?
Fight for us?
Never forget us
‘Cause we are you and you are us
And we will rise with dignity, self-respect
And why can’t you see?
We’re beautiful in history
It’s still being written
And we will rise

[Chorus – Maya Azucena]
We are more than a photo in the magazine
And our souls are shining brighter than you've ever seen