Why must I feel like that?
Why must I chase the crack?

It's nothing but the bug in me (Repeat x4)

Beam me (cra-cra-cracked out) beam me up, Scotty (Repeat x4)

[Grand Puba / Dr Who]
Yo T-L-D
(Yeah Grand Puba Maxwell with the clientele)
You seen your homey?
(What's his name?)
I can't think of his name offhand, but your man
(My man?)
The kid who drives a funky 85 Dodge van
(Oh yeah that's Dave)
Light skin with a curly wave?
(Yeah that's him, yo what about him?)
A-yo he's all in
(He fell off?)
Huh, believe it or not
(Now how's that?)
He sold his van for some jumbos at the crack spot
(He's on crack?)

[Grand Puba / Dr Who]
A-yo T
(Yeah, B)
It sounds nutty to me
(Well how nutty?)
So nutty people going plum crazy
(C'mon now Maxwell, you think it's like that?)
Bust it, Polly wasn't a cracker, she said she wants some crack
Did you hear what little sis said
(Crack is the word)
I looked and shook my head and said
You mess with crack it better be while I'm dead
Cause if I ever catch you, I'll punch you in your head
(All my friends do it)
I'm sure your friends are broke
I kicked it plain and simple, that coke and smoke is no joke
(Yo sis he kid you not)
Huh, believe me sweetheart
(Well look, don't you ever try it)
Cause it'll rip you right apart
Cause all I hear is shhhhh and crack is all they do
I hate to be the one who say that's someone that I knew
(Well uh, I got a homey, he does it all night)
(I tell him get your big lips off of that pipe)

[Dr Who / Grand Puba]
(A-yo T)
Yeah, B
(Explain to me, what in the world is crack)
Crack? Let me see
It's something that keeps your heart pumping
Taken from blow and then turns into something
It's the type of drug that'll have you hooked
And the side-effects of crack are always overlooked
(I wanna try it though, ak)
C'mon negro stop
(Cause you can buy it)
Where at?
(Well right around our block)
(But that's ok)
Yeah, but why did you say?
(Man I wouldn't smoke crack jack anyway)
Well ok, well let me tell you what happened the other day
Me and my homey were walking down the walkway
Saw a real fly cutie, she was counting some money
I never seen her before, but I knew something was funny
So me and my homey we stopped and started talking
It was the same old same old crackheads out hawking
Then I said to my homey, yo she could get got
Until I saw her dip up inside the crack spot
Man I was shocked, my mind had been rocked
All types of crazy zombies were around the block
And with the tick of a tock snake dealers would clock
If you had it every addict would be on your jock
Yo I got the jumbos
(Yo can I get one on credit?)
No shorts homeboy you might as well forget it
(But I'm starving, G)
Yo that's not my problem, B
(Well bust this, upstairs I got a Sony TV)
(How many cracks can I get?)
Yo I'll give you four
(Four! Nineteen inch Sony man, throw me one more)
Aight you got it, no joke it better not be broke
(Well yo troop it's brand new with a funky remote)

[Grand Puba]
A-yo bust it
Suzie is a girl I knew a while ago
She was respectable and beautiful but now she's a ho...
...ly moly can't believe how she can do that
But I guess she's just a victim in the game called crack
Couldn't take her on no date, she don't weigh more than a plate
She used to be a healthy girl but she lost stupid weight
Her friends said it was the pipe, Suzie said it was a diet
I seen her eyes are changing, Suzie don't you even try it
You used to be a fly girl to your house I would run
But look at you now, you're a cold stone bum
I mean you used to be a Gucci girl and all that mess
And now here's a good description which describes you best
They call you stink-breath Suzie, in real bad health
If you take your pants off they probably stand by theyself
Smelling like ten years of Oh lord get back
Suzie do yourself a favor, do yourself a favor
Do yourself a favor and get off that crack