[Intro (Spoken): Heavy D]
This one definitely goes out on the censorship tip, so everybody sit back, relax and have a champagne sip
We're gonna teach these people out there that we can say what we want to say, the right way
You know what I'm saying? So what we're gonna do is kick back, swing a little funky beat by my man DJ Pete Rock, producer extraordinaire. Yo Pete Rock! Make it clear

[Verse 1: Heavy D]
I can flex, bend, lend a pen to a friend
Keep a party pimping from now till then
I don't have to swear, curse or juggle
Lyrics in a verse to make a party bubble
So mister censorship, tell me what's your problem?
There's girlies on the corner, if wifey can't solve them
How does she say it? I'm curious, G
Does she say "honey love me" or "baby baby fffffun me?"
Anyway, we'll say what we want to say
Play how we want to play, feels good that way
So G. Rap, huh, it's time to kick a verse
Do your man a favor, and don't curse

[Verse 2: Kool G. Rap]
You're telling me don't curse on my verse
I did it worse, first I put a curse on every verse
I kinda got outrageous
Check it, even made a record how I'm doing all the B-I-T-C-H'es
Ducks, it wasn't for the bucks
Every word that you heard is 'cuz I didn't give a f-- aww shucks!
Hey yo, I almost forgot
The curse is a plot but it's getting kind of hot
So I'mma let profanity retire
Hey, but if worse comes to worse I'll curse you out like Richard Pryor
So Grand Puba, kick a verse
But do your man a favor, and don't curse

[Verse 3: Grand Puba]
I won't curse. I'll take a famous curse word and just say "kcuf"
Kcuf flipped around the other way means, huh?
Boy, when I do it, see I can't get stuck
Jump on the mic, then I earn a quick buck
Buck meaning loot, then I grab some boots and step with my troops
For those who can't follow and got stuck
Kcuf flipped the other way means . . . [coughing]
Is this a curse? I freaked a nurse in a hearse
But I made sure I had my hat first
(C.L. Smooth) It's time to kick a verse
God-Cypher-Divine, we can't curse

[Verse 4: C.L. Smooth]
Go ahead, ask me will I kick a curse in a verse? I'll say "nope"
Grab you by your hair, wash your mouth out with soap
Thinking to be the last one with the bad lingo
Scooping on the skins in the church playing Bingo
Sounds of the Mecca don, fresh from the tailor
Because they made a movie when he cussed like a sailor
Better yet dialect dirty like a subway
Freak a funky loop and I make it go the other way
In a vocabulary scrimmage
But cursing in my village ain't good for my image
So Big Daddy, you know it's time to kick a verse
But do your man a favor: don't curse

[Verse 5: Big Daddy Kane]
Uhh, the smooth rap inventor that enter
Parental discretion's not advised so there's no need to censor
Kids want to peep it, but you want to beep it, what?
I feel like slapping that sticker on your (Chill, chill, say butt!)
I'm too magical, rhymes are too tragical
For any source to stop Kane from getting capital
If I thought sticking me was dissing me, man, don't you know that this would be
Worse than Stephen King's Misery?
So clean all profanity, still and yet all the man'll be
Rocking any microphone you're handing me
So Heavy D, I'm about to disperse
Kick another verse, and don't forget not to curse!

[Interlude (Spoken): Heavy D]
Hey yo Big Daddy, check this out. I'm about to do some old sly, slick, smooth on the trick tip stuff
I'm gonna bring my little cousin, the producer of this joint, his name is DJ Pete Rock, definitely part of one of the family, you know what I'm saying, G?
He's about to flex on this here mic and get busy like his big cousin, you know what I'm saying? Check it
Pete Rock, kick a verse but don't curse!

[Verse 6: Pete Rock]
God bless, but I can't mess
Around with the curses, so I'mma kick verses
Or a verse, Soul Brother number 1 here to kick facts
Smoke the microphone and produce crazy tracks
Yo I'm a bad bro, let's start the flow
I'mma kick rhymes till it's time for me to go
I can't curse 'cuz Heavy D said so
Now I'mma get back to the subject, get wreck
If you think I'm bluffing just check
With the crew, Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth, very down to earth
And we didn't have to curse

[Interlude (Spoken): Q-Tip]
Yeah man, the Abstract Poet, Q-Tip from A Tribe Called Quest here to wreck!
You know what I'm saying, got my man Pete Rock and my man D in the house
And we're definitely chilling on the lifted tip
So bust the spit out

[Verse 7: Q-Tip]
Flim-flam-flim, lick my big black stuff
Must I kick a curse to be rough enough?
You can put the sticker where the sun don't shine
So back off and let me get mine!
Visions in my head when it's dealing with hits
If I have four girls, then I lick eight [its]
Wait--don't want to hear no drama
Cause the bum-diddly-Hev is a fave of my mama's
So I blew out and get mad lifted
Don't have to say [kcuf] to show that I'm gifted
God bless me 'cuz I reached my twenty-first
Hev D! Don't drop a curse

[Verse 8: Heavy D]
Peace, peace. Peace to the preacher
I'm talking about a verse without a curse, that's how I reach ya
I can rock a party without a swear or a harsh verb
Backwards, no curse words Heavy D prefers
So swing, swing to the silky clean rhythm
Before I say goodbye let me tell you how I hit 'em:
C.L., Pete Rock, G. Rap, Maxwell
Big Daddy, Q-Tip and, uh, me as well
Time to say peace, thank Pete for the beats
This funky beat was made for the streets
Notice how clean that we kept every verse
But if worse came to worse (we'd have all said a curse!)

[Outro]
Free Slick Rick! [repeated to fade-out]