[Intro: Heavy D]
Yeah, this is, uh, an untouchable funk
You know what I'm sayin'?
This is for all the players and playettes
Wherever you at, you dig?
I'm talkin' about from this side to that side
East side, west side, your side, my side
It's all about being funky, man

[Verse 1: Heavy D]
Ayo, give me that microphone
It's Heavy D, the baritone and I'm home alone
Dig it, and I'm always stayin' freshly dipped on 1-2-5th
Where the dogs bark and the dreadlock be sparkin' spliff
Okay, okay, okay, okay, it's Heavy D again
Hallelujah, I'm on your TV screen again
You see me on your MTV and on your BET
And on your local focal point video show
Nigga, this how it flow so fly like an eagle
No sequels, no weed, but I get love from all the thugs
‘Cause they still my people
I'm dynamic punks panic when they see me
They get all shook up when my mic's hooked up, let's get it on!

[Hook] (x2)
Untouchables at your door (let's get it on!)
All you whack rappers hit the floor

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
How should I plead? Forever thuggin' on a quest to get G's
Runnin' from enemies ever since the days of a seed
I'm under pressure, the stress will have me drinkin'
Thinkin' niggas after me, much too paranoid to blink
Wonder why the police don't wanna see me stackin' G's
They after a playa, but I won't let 'em capture me
I gotta thank the Lord for the weed and the nicotine
I can't sleep, close my eyes, I see wicked things
I keep my pistol by my bedside, one in the chamber
Preoccupied with homicide, my life's in danger
Rollin' down the 405, beware of stangers
Hand on my 4-5; that's what the fame does
I'm probably wrong, but I'll never know it till I'm gone
From out the gutter where the jealous motherfuckers roam
Pass the weed let that Hennessey get to me
Before the penitentiary, let's get it on!

[Hook] (x2)

[Verse 3: Grand Puba]
I thought you knew I stay true to this rhyme thing I do
I have all the honeys saying, "Go Pu'!"
I flip a style from the projects building 70 apartment 6C
I turn food stamps to green stamps, rough power amps
And sold weed under corner lamps
But now I'm just microphone talkin'
So when you see my ass have my cash or just keep walkin'
Niggas got more game than Genesis
Seen a movie made in LA, now everybody menaces
But them youth don't trouble we
Because they fall victim to what they see, hey
I keeps it "Reel To Reel", like my last album title song
But I understand, it takes a year for niggas to catch on
Hit 'em in the head, dog, so let's get it on!

[Bridge: Notorious B.I.G.]
Split the dutches, fill it with the skunk
We about to get wicked in the joint, uh
Notorious is glorious *coughing*

[Verse 4: Notorious B.I.G.]
Niggas know who's the mind blower, the weed grower
Have you seen doubles like Noah? The rhyme flower
B.I.G. top notch with the Glock, check your pockets
And your sockets, it's just the way my pops taught me
When you throw the drop check 'em throughly
The bastard might spin around and try to bury me
And dead niggas don't make no moves
When I'm slingin' in the hood I don't fake no moves
Aight, reminiscin' on my swinger days
When I drove a Caddy and my bitch sported finger waves
Yeah, she had the Gucci roots I had Carducci Suits
Oshkosh-begosh, Coca-Cola, lookin' real cute
Junior M.A.F.I.A. representin' Bucktown
MAC-11 cocked back, niggas better duck down
Face down, you know the routine, the cream, earrings
You know the drama Biggie bring, let's get it on!