[Intro]
A'ight, it's time to kick stupid flavor on this one
You got Doc as the side kick, Nickalagio on the dance tip
Don Baron on the reggae side, and my DJ
Almighty Shabazz with the most pizzazz
Be like say "razzamatazz", and you know we goin'
(One to the knot)
Now see I want y'all to give resist to this one
'Cause you got Skeff Anselm on the board
Jazzy Jeff warmin' the biz
Finishin' off the studio, die roll coll in effect
Rockin' the camel tip, kip, all the business
Bee stinger answerin' the phones
And we gon get stupid on this one
'Cause you know it's just (One to the knot)
Now I'd like to give a special shout to my manager Billy D
Regulation, and the whole 9 Rule Posse, but check this out
Enough is enough, what I want y'all
To do right now, is

[Verse 1]
Shake, rattle and roll, now don't front stunt
You might loose control
Grand Puba Maxwell (What the hell?)
Doctor Who as well, can't you tell
Now tell me, who do you like, who do you like?
Masters are feelin' the funk tonight
Almighty Shabazz, razzamatazz
Just hip hop, no pop, no rock, no jazz
My man'll rock a beat one time
Shabazz will get biz when it's time to rhyme
Master of the mixer, turntable is the weapon
See we're the main attraction (We're back from maxin')
I bet you all thought (That we we're missin' in action)
(So uh, here we go!) So don't fret
(Because) You haven't heard (Jack shit yet)
Ay yo Doc (Yeah, Oc?)
Well what's up Akeem? (Why are we here?)
Why else? (To get busy!)
Now Grand Puba Maxwell, that is the code
(Doctor Who is the title and name I hold)
You see this one is 24 Karat (Gold)
To the highest bidder (Sold!)
Hold up (Now Grand Pu will tell you what to do)
Well that's true, Doc, who is gonna give me the cue?
Ain't nothin' new, and so without further a do (We bring to you)

[Verse 2]
See it's one to the knot, as we begin to plot
This one will remain in the brain just like a clot
Moans and grunts of stunts and oohs and aahs is a
Your reaction as we surpass the pause (Tension's felt)
Now every rude rap is melt, as the wax engage with the belt
Set for take off, ease it in and break off
Round and about, and I'm out like Shout
We come to jam-a, from here to Alabama
Words spoke by the soaking wet, with proper grammar
Flex to this one, hold the pose callout
Masters about facing and fallout
Seize all, stitch it tight, and up front's full swing
No thing, and on the cage and we bunt
Ready yet, Doc? (Yep!) Skeff it up, Oc
(Grand Puba) Maxwell, and I'm known to clock

[Verse 3]
DJ Shabazz, with the scratch and the cut
I thought about it brother, and Max, you know what?
(What?) We can always make 'em move to a groove like this
Rock a show, radio, get the big publiss
As I flow like a pro, from start to E-N-D (Run)
To the stage, 'cause you know you got to see (The Masters!)
Of the ceremony, another trio, we know, will never be
(Come on, Doc) We get you groovin' and movin'
We're provin' this is the one we're givin'
More the raw, the pause, this one's done
So get with it, don't forget it, man, quit it, just admit it
You was waitin' for the razzamatazz, and Baz gave it to y'all
Do you want to have a ball (Don't look any further)
Doc is the one to call
Givin' you the best view of the chosen few
Wanna clue? Shabazz, Grand Pu, and Doctor Who

[Outro]
I want everybody to put their hands in the air
Come on, y'all, we gon kick the stupid flavor, y'all (Word up!)
Ay yo, I'd like to shout my man Large Jamal, X
And my man Mark chillin' at 33, and my man Positive K
Definitely in effect, the whole Dixon mob
Brother Raheem, Brother Tony, Brother DePalma, Brother William
And I can go on
The whole 80 Whipped Up Ass Mob, Troy Troy and Prince
On North Ave, we gonna go on and on with the list
But I'm gonna sound like this, the whole 9 Rue Posse
In effect for '89 one time, and I'm out