[Intro]
"Here we go!"
"Okay, everybody..."
(Girls, step up to this)
(Sing my song)
(Girls, step up to this)
(Sing my song)
(Girls, step up to this)
(Sing my song)
(Girls, step up to this)
Hey yo, Stud, bust it!

[Verse 1]
Step to the rear, Grand Pu is on arrival
Raised in the ghetto, singin' songs called survival
Runnin' 'round town givin' all the girls Puba snacks
I wouldn't try to steal a style, you just might catch a cardiac
Figured the way to get paid is to grab the mic, rehearse, ya know
Smooth as Jermaine, so honey, don't take it personal
There's no need of tryin' to diss the swinger
Baby, all you catch is two snaps up and the finger
The Babalu bad boy, a threat to the paranoid
You try to step to this? It's void!
A new hit from the Grand Man, work nights like the Sandman
Gain for awake in case I gotta stomp a head out
Bustin' is a trick that's not up my sleeve
It's possessed with finesse and it works when I breathe
Paid in the shade with a "A" as the grade
With the papes that I made from this trade
So, get hip to the grip, you know where to slide the chips
If you wanna cash in on the wins
Grand Puba and I love to hit skins

[Hook]
["And you know what?"
"I've got a song to sing..."
(Oh baby)
"I've got a song to sing"
"Here we go!"
"I've got a song to sing..."
(Oh baby)
"I've got a song to sing"
"Here we go!"
Follow me now!
"Okay, everybody..." x4]
Yeah... bust it!

[Verse 2]
Grand Puba, the higher mystic ruler, keep a 40 in the cooler
She don't know me, money grip, you better school her
Before I have to play her the foul way
And catch a quick short stay at the Holiday
Now, forecast says I won't be playin' soccer with the dreads
Ballin's my hobby, doin' wonders in the bed
From full-size to king-size to queen-size to high-rise
Even bunk beds, I know how to work the leg
If Pu ain't the answer, then you must be sick as cancer
Smooth romancer, let it ring, I'll probably answer
So, come take a dip with your private dancer
Nasty, naughty, over six call me shorty
But I'm long, I'm like Stretch Armstrong, I go
On and on and on and on...
Never in a scandal and I'm never caught schemin'
Knew Pu was dope ever since I was semen
Swimmin' in my daddy's big nuts
But now I'm scoopin' girls with the big ol' butts
Arise to respond for the Maxwell
Ask well, hell, it don't even matter
Puba ain't game for the shit chit-chatter
Puba's in town, oh shit! Let's scatter
You can hide that ass, but it just don't matter
The 90's is here, Pu is on a mash-out
Hons that I've done always seem to pass out
But hon, wake that ass up, this ain't the place to crash out
You try to play me? I have to throw that ass out
Foes and hoes, good riddance
'Cause when Puba comes out, there'll be no skiddin'
I'll slide upstairs and see Chuck at the chop shop
Tell him fade the sides, let it wolf on top
Reel and reel and soul to soul
Honey, heel to heel and toe to toe
It really doesn't make a diff, I'm not the type to riff
I might smoke a spliff but I won't sniff
And ya don't stop

[Verse 3]
Now I'm a end it like this...
I'm like Superfly Snuka, know how to hook a hooker
Caught her on looker, know where I took her
To the short stay, around my way
And like Monie say, it was the perfect way
I caught a verse from the Christian, and it goes "Praise the Lord"
Skins lined up on a wharf for when I'm bored
I'm from Now Rule, I'm in the right mood
And if you like the way that this flows, well, that's cool
See, this is no illusion, the style is too confusin'
If you try to bite, then you're cruisin' for a bruisin'
Back up, sonny, and let me make my money
Then I'm straight, I got a date at 8
So, see you brothers later, time to motivate
Yeah, now bust it...

I'd like to give a shout to my Brand Nubian brothers, Lord Jamar, God Allah...
Derrick X on the flex, and Alamo. And we gonna give a shout to the SD50s who
Pumped this. And I'm-a say, yo, peace...