Sadat X ft. Grand Puba and Lord Jamar - “The Lump Lump (Nubian Mix)”
[Emcee(s): Grand Puba, Lord Jamar, and Sadat X]
[Producer(s): Buckwild]
[Scratches: Roc Raida]
[Sample: The Emotions - "Blind Alley"]

[Intro: Lord Jamar and Grand Puba]
Lord Jamar: Yeah.  Where the ladies at?  Where the ladies at?  Where the ladies at?  Check it out
Grand Puba: This is for all the ladies out there with the Lump Lump, holding it down, running scams, turning tricks, playing players.  I'm telling you: you need to snap out of it, know’m saying?

[Verse 1: Grand Puba]
What’s the deal be, mama?  Body like drama
Other than her mind, a penny short of a dime
Sharita doing Peter—slick-moving senorita—give her
Two margaritas, she's the big willie beater
Head-to-toe fashion, love gear with a passion, never
Caught looking slum.  I say, “Word, she is, son”
Nice Lump Lump, big chest caught me staring, stretched
The D and the Y of a shirt of Donna Karan.  She a
Schemer, cherry-red fifty-two-eight Beemer
My knot been bar-hopping and it ain't no stopping
I'm checking out the way that this chicken motivates, spreading
Legs, waist, and eggs up and down the tri-state
“Woah, here she come.”  Dig it, dun.  I'ma
Hit her with a clue and tell her, “See Frank Perdue,” ‘cause I
Keep my erection out the poultry section
‘Cause the wrong interjection might lead to infection.  It’d be
Trees and cheese, then bending knee.  Long as
A nigga keep paper, then it's yours with ease.  I know
The whole of the half ‘cause I deal with math, quick to
Run that ass just to ride S-Class

[Hook: Samples with Scratches by Roc Raida and (Lord Jamar)]
“I’ve been doing my own thing” - Sample from Groove Theory - “Tell Me”
"No doubt about it" - Sample from Intro - "Love Thang"
“I’ve been doing my own thing” - Sample from Groove Theory - “Tell Me”
(Yeah, what you gonna do for me?)

[Verse 2: Lord Jamar]
Yeah, I've seen you at the African street fest, dressed in
Three-fourths to your ankles, tight-wrapped skirt.  What could
That hurt?  You was buying books, giving flirtatious
Looks at the brothers that was eyeing your equipment
Light-skinned pigment, pierced the belly button and you
Couldn't tell her nothing.  She said she loved a man with
Dreads and wasn't impressed with the name-brand
Threads—are you seeing through our game plan?  Sex every
Night, but never with the same man.  A freak for
The knowledge.  Your first week in college, you was sneaking brothers
In the dorm and lost your mind when you got the pad
Off-campus.  All the time, keeping up the façade
You like to fuck with the gods.  Now you’re stuck between
A rock and a hard place, faced with the facts that
Your acts are a detriment to what you represent
Can't be a chicken and be acting like it’s science
You kicking.  Mad niggas be sticking, licking fingers after
Every meal.  Now she wants singers with a deal
I'm only bringing you the real.  No matter what
I say, you gon’ do what you feel

[Hook: Samples with Scratches by Roc Raida and (Sadat X)]
“I’ve been doing my own thing” - Sample from Groove Theory - “Tell Me”
"No doubt about it" - Sample from Intro - "Love Thang"
“I’ve been doing my own thing” - Sample from Groove Theory - “Tell Me”
(Yeah, yeah, yeah)

[Verse 3: Sadat X]
I had seen
This chicken at the bar.  Ms. Sleazy was thirst
The physical was there, but, mentally, she was the worst
Walked around with her ass out and a glass out of
Her hand, she sees nothing, my man.  Ask
Her on the world topics, says she been to the tropics with this
Cat she hardly know, Scott LaRock "Super Hoe"
Most likely to have a baby from a cat who don’t love her
“Is that your wifey, man?”  No, that's my baby mother
You’ll arrive at the pop of the cork like a hawk
Stay around, chitter chatter, and make small talk
Get fidgety and then you walk.  And you
Wonder why I drag your name through New York
With the Velcro cup that's stuck to your fingers
Searching out the drug dealers and the fly rap singers, getting
Passed like a blunt, but, in the club, you front
You insist that you ain't been twist by half of these
Niggas—are you crazy?  I got the figures and the numbers don't
Lie.  Save the bullshit, don't try to be fly
Live as you live and have a good life, but a
Chick like that can't make a good wife.  These
Words I say might cut like a knife, but I'm
Only trying to save you stress and strife

[Hook: Samples with Scratches by Roc Raida and (Brand Nubian)]
“I’ve been doing my own thing” - Sample from Groove Theory - “Tell Me”
"No doubt about it" - Sample from Intro - "Love Thang"
“I’ve been doing my own thing” - Sample from Groove Theory - “Tell Me”
(Hold it down.  Ho, hold it down)
“I’ve been doing my own thing” - Sample from Groove Theory - “Tell Me” (x2)

[Outro: Lord Jamar]
Aight.  What you gonna do for me?  What can you do for me, baby?  Know’m saying?  I know I’m bonified.  I know what I could do for you, but what can you do for me, you know’m saying? Get off that pelvic