[Produced by Stimulated Dummies]

[Intro: Sincere & Grand Puba Maxwell]
Hey yo, God, we need somebody to come drop some science on this track
Word up, word up
Ya know, tell it like it really is in the world today
Word up
Yo, there go that brother Grand Puba
Ah, he don't know nothin', he don't know nothin'
He talkin' about skins all the time
God
You know what I'm sayin'?
Yo, bust this

[Verse 1: Grand Puba Maxwell]
The attribute Hagi helper to another god
In need He Allah God Islam
As I proceed to civilize the uncivilized
Word of wisdom to the groove from the wise
I guess I'm like the Verbalizer for the fact I'm movin Blackwards
This Asiatic black man is a dog spelled backwards
The maker, the owner, the cream of the planet earth
Father of civilization, God of the universe
Manifestin' thought with my infinite styles
Making sure this travels only twenty-three million miles
The other six I set the crucifix
Because the heart of the problem is this
Preacher got my old earth puttin' money in the pan
For the rest of the week now I'm eatin' out a soup can
He has a home, drives his caddy through town
Has my old earth believin' that he's comin' from the ground (Jesus)
Slain are those who fought for what was right
Slayed are those who fell victim to the pipe
A drug controlled substance, contained in a vial
Set up by the devil as he looks and he smiles
Good at the game of tricknology
But I have knowledge of myself you're not foolin' me
You see, the answer to me is black unity
Unification, to help our bad situation
I wrote this on a day of Wisdom Power
All bein' born to myself (god!)
I won't diss the next brother to be paid that's not my trade
It's just the plan that is designed by the colored man
Now our babies are born to think this is the way of us (way of us)
That's the way the devil wants it so it is no fuss (it is no fuss)
It's just that sad old song self-destruction
To stop our reproduction

They put our wisdom before us (murderrahh!)
That makes it wisdom knowledge (murderrahh!)
But we need knowledge wisdom
To bring forth the understanding (murderrahh!)
Culture freedom (murderrahh!)
Power refinement (murderrahh!)
Equality God Build Bestroy Born's our cipher (mudererrahh!)

(Can a devil fool a Muslim? )
No, not nowadays bro
(Do you mean to say the devil fooled us 400 years ago? )
Why Equal Self, a trader made an interpretation
Saying that we'd receive more gold for our labor in his nation
(Did we receive more gold?)
Now Cipher
It's time to drop the bomb and make the devil pay the piper

(True indeed God true indeed God) What? *3x*
(True indeed God true indeed..)

Wake up wake up wake up
Come on
Wake up wake up wake up
I want ya to listen to me
Wake up wake up wake up
Come on now
Wake up wake up wake up

The solution -- knowledge of self to better ourself
Cause I know myself, that we can live much better than this
Nothing's changed, it's just another sequel
The devil's still causin trouble amongst the righteous people
Drugs in our community (that ain't right)
Can't even get a job (that ain't right)
Poisonin' our babies (that ain't right)
Lyin' who is God (that ain't right)
Well here's some food for thought, many fought for the sport
And the black man still comes up short?
It's time to motivate, build and elevate
Blind deaf and dumb we've gotta change their mindstate
So I dip dip diver, civilize a 85er
Gotta let him know the devil's a conniver
This is the plan from the brotherman
From the motherland now it's time to take a stand
I keep strivin' to do my duty to awake em
To the universal family I say asalaamalaikum

[Scatting]

Yeah..
Now I gotta give this shout to my Brand Nubian brothers
Lord Jamar, God Allah
Derek X is on the flex
Alamo is good to go
Sincere, the God is in here
Move on black man, move on
We gotta move on black man, move on
We gotta move on black man, move on
We gotta move on black man, move on
Yeah
Now I gotta give a shout to the SD50s
For putting this in effect
And I'm gonna say it like this before I motivate
Please.. educate Allah's children, with equality