[Verse 1: King Henry]
Wicked, yeah, you know that is my flow
I gotta hit these people up with something they don't know
They say my flow is legendary but I already know
You see R.G.O.D. is making money but we keep making more
I'm repping Royalty 'til the day I die
You would think I was L.B.A. the way I shine
Each time I'm on the track, I kill it each and every time
We up next, yeah, we the next in line
The way I spit my lyrics, everybody wanna hear it
But I got a lot of haters and all they do is fear it
I inherited this talent and this is just the beginning
I'm the king, yes, I know, and I am always winning
Royal City, yeah, we stay on top
Z-Mane and Armyboy, yeah, the flow don't stop
R.G.O.D. 'til the day I go, fuck these hoes
I'm King Henry and that's for sure, I'm gone!

[Verse 2: Armyboy]
I go hard and my flow hard, can't take that, then stay back
Cause I slay tracks like A$AP, long live he, I, Army
Make you bleed, I blast thee like (BLAH! BLAH!), that's nasty
They gon' be like don't eat, but (MM-MMH!), I ate y'all
Full appetite and my rapping right, I take them down then claim the crown
I get around, this my place, ain't no winning in my race
See my face, I'm cereal, no Fruit Loops and Cheerio's
But here we go, geronimo, just like butter, I'm on a roll
I'm having a blast so do not get run over
They tell me to freeze, but wait, I am much colder
Y'all ain't moving me like a 15 ton boulder
I'm crazy, I'm loco while you are el pollo
And I do it grande while you are just poco
You hear my vocals, I'm telling no joke
So if you play this, you cannot bear it like oso
You kill me? Ho-ho! Boy, that's a no-no!

[Verse 3: MC Khronic aka K.T.]
All aboard on the 1 train (CHOO-CHOO!)
I'm the conductor and I'm insane (heh heh heh heh!)
So sit your ass down and fucking listen
Cause the MC is on the mic and he's bout to be spittin'
I'm the tiger in this jungle
All these lame muthafuckas talkin' shit.. gettin' crumbled
Fuck with the pride and get attacked by the numbers
Got the blitzkrieg tactics when I come for you
Hit me up, triple 6, that's my number
Got the homie Satan, what makes you think I'm a run from you
I'm pretty ignorant but ask me if I give a fuck
Screaming "fuck everyone", grab my AK, and shoot em up
I make rhymes insane from the membrane
Get your ass hanged from your collar, chilling on the big crane
187 to the pigs in blue
Get comfortable when you feel the knife coming for you
(BITCH!)

[Verse 4: Tone]
Ugh, T.O.N.E., nigga!

Ugh! Even legends have their own weakness
What's Michael Jordan to Iverson?
Got this thing for smashing and then leaving
I know the reaper got me when time is spent
So why repent if I'm a lie again?
Why sin if Jesus died again?
But with all these hoes in my reaches
Maybe I'm meant to have no remorse on these bitches
Am I supposed to care to their hearts?
But how I do that? I ain't a fucking doctor, nigga
Am I supposed to lie to them all?
I got a good example from my fucking father, nigga
Don't ever talk about me because it's all about us
And when I say D's, they know it's all D's nuts
My circle stay small cause nigga's hard to trust
So don't fuck with us, my nigga's quick to bust!

[Verse 5: Z-Mane]
Huh, Z-Maannne

Look, spit like a cobra that ain't sober, nigga, drink your pain
Close your eyes, make a wish, ask for light, or pray for reign
Ain't no shame in the game of a playa havin' thangs
Why you niggas hating? Y'all should be ashamed
All I know is I stay on my grind, never wasting time
Ain't nobody seeing me, you niggas blind, open up your eyes sometime
Watch me shine, light bright on you suckas like my homie Daley
Rollin' like I'm Caspa and sipping red Kool-Aid cause that's my favorite
Ain't worried bout you new niggas, y'all soft like jello pudding
Coming through with something heavy, doin' things you niggas couldn't
Haha, you just visiting, I was born here
Killin' it since 96, uh, nigga, that's my born year
Yeah, I live that city life, but I'm back to my country ways
Grubbin', smashin', slappin' niggas, paper stacking up like Lays
Gettin' payed, slamming Caddy doors, this was everyday
Miss me with that nonsense if you can't say it to my face
My niggas know whassup, I'll always hold them down
Reppin' my team since I was 8, you'll never see me taking off my crown
And Trotman City know I got 'em, too, that's how we do
You thought Royal City was bangin? Just wait 'til The Boy in Blue
(T Double B!) And that War Games? Naw, that ain't for lames
I'm true times two, guess I better put on 4 chainz
That's on the real, but to keep it realer?
I'm just like Bun Beeda on you niggas, keep it triller
It's Royal City

[Outro: Z-Mane]
Yeah....
Royal City...
Z-Mane, Armyboy...
1 Train....we out!