[Intro T. Pharaohll]
N.C.I.S., is the worst show, ever
Like at all

[Verse 1: T. Pharaohll]

I'm feeling like a track fiend, when the needle drops my head is spinning
Relaxing is impossible when lead is killing
Black queens. And of course the males heads are filling
With ideas of self imposed war, so
Who's the villains?
As genocide steadily rises like the ocean tide
I'm not Noah guys, so I choke him if hes telling me a bullshit lie
Thats over-sized. So I incline my demise with my actions. but I hope that I
Can keep the nonsense to a minimum. My conscience is subliminal
Controlling me through interludes, and syllables that ridicule
My inner jewels and are cynical, keeping me from my pinnacle
I just need a friend or two, to keep me to the ground like an inner tube
And infuse positivity until I'm positive that I can't lose
Stop the riffs of blues from my guitar, rock a hit or two
Suede shoes, an Elvis mood. Bitches make their pelvis move
When I hit the mic, I do it right. Sorta like Jackson's father, make it leather smooth
My etiquette is heaven sent. so the irrelevant, they better move
Or become a casualty. that's how it just has to be
Before I take the throne and all the masses call me majesty
I'll decapitate the whack who turn tracks into travesties
And eradicate the fake at the wake who might get mad at me
T. Pharaohll, the black sparrow God's eyes on
I'll Animorph into a hero and fight these pythons
Who hide in these amber waves of grain with a disguise on
I keep the grass low on every square inch of my lawn
They'll have to work harder if the wanna turn me to Krylon
Graffiti portraits, of the hip hop bosses, who took losses
Paid the ultimate price for the sport, that's what the cost is
That feeling gets me nauseous, but also keeps me cautious
I love the life I life and would never file for divorce. Its
Crazy to me how one can say I'm not a savior to beats
Raised in the east strict mother kept me out of the streets
For the most part I think it helped me dodge the police
I solemnly speak, that if I take my talents out to the beach
I'll keep my heart local as my music helps to breaches the peace
Bang it loud. Make your neighbors jump out of the seats
Banging on your wall like, "who's that spitting raw? Burn a cd!"
Turn the degrees hotter, up to Celsius
You'll need water, but you'll remember me like elephants
Trying be known in the future, but I'm drowning in the present tense/
Trying be relevant, but they don't wannna let me in
Surrounded by hounds who smell of kush and dutch vanilla scents
Surrounded by hounds who smell of kush and dutch vanilla scents
Surrounded by hounds who smell of kush and dutch vanilla scents
Took my first toke and haven't been the same ever since
Took my first toke and haven't been the same ever since
Took my first toke and haven't been the same ever since

[Outro]

And I know one thing...
Anything's better than that 95
Or that 88, or that 83, or that 50C
Talking
Bout that Transit of CT
I need to hurry up and get my V
To whip it through these city streets cold
(fades out)
B.O.A.T.S. and H.O.E.S. on the way
I hope y'all enjoyed this little free verse
I don't know what else you want for free
Gimme some feedback
WASSUP!!