I’m a lyrical miracle, not being satirical,
The proof is empirical, my reign is imperial
Lap you, I’m spherical, adjective is ill-ical
Cut the umbilical, and I’m up to the pinnacle.
Bars so deep: like prison underground
Got more levels than AKs got rounds.
Got more levels than Donkey Kong
Domination levels like Gump at pong
Megatron going long, catching bombs and I’m gone
Throwing bombs as I drone, I bomb beats at ya dome
Heir to the throne, get outta my zone;
With language I'm a gangster: Don Corleone
I stunt so hard, I need a stunt triple
I got the game ball, you only got wiffle
I'm making waves, bruh; you making ripples
My driver got a driver: Greg Biffle

Enough about me; your bars are a maize
That means it’s corny if your mental's delayed
Mean streak and mean streets and Martin Scorcese
Goodfella, godfella, my grace will amaze
If rap is my teacha, I'm making straight As
Announce it in public: You peep, I just blaze!
Like Miami Heat on Ray Allen's treys
I'm hearing yes’ and y’all nothings nays;
Whipping y'all horses, get out of my way
I'm ripping, my whip Is all over the place
Maybe I'm white, but I'm...
Bangin' so heavy I weigh in ton dre's (entendres).

You say you wanna battle me
What you think, man, that gon rattle me?
You just a tiny babe, still rattling
Better call ya moms, that's tattling
Before I blaze wit bars; guns gatling
Rounds ya herd, well let the cattle in
I'm bringing out tha beef bruh, You just tofu
Chiefing like a Keef bruh, You got no boo
Nah boo:
My Force will have ya run through
And if I'm Luke from Star Wars, you nothing but an R2
I eat you, Delete you, Then I excrete you:
Lifting up the toilet lid
Cause that's where I seat you

Master of the similes. You can’t master similac
Sucking at suckling, Your similes lack
Just like a broke back. Mountin’ an attack on your ledger
Heath’s in danger, I mean your health’s in danger
And on a dark knight, man, I seen a manger
Where The Christ was born, And I ain't no stranger:
Cause I gave him gifts, And he gave me flows
Divine delivery; Omnipresence knows
Eden’s garden grows, Where I banish my foes.
My severity bows When I open my shows
And the crowds in the throes, And my fame it grows
Knowing is half the battle: so Like a G, I Joe
Dear Mom, I miss ya Cause I know she knows
I’m ripping these rappers, And I tag their toes
Their bars are falling…
Line up the dominos;
Knock em down Thug hard:
Vaminos!