[“‘In the Circuit Court of the 18th Judicial Circuit in and for Seminole County, Florida; State of Florida versus George Zimmerman, the verdict—we the jury find George Zimmerman not guilty. So say we all. –Foreperson’”]

[1]
Shout out to the courts and the legislation
That make assassination fair practice. No hesitation
Or waiting for I.D
So, patiently, I be
Taking target practice, my pistol laying beside me
If you’re wondering why we
Are angry. I’m sorry—
I can’t make you, and you don’t wanna know—prob’ly
Your mind’s closed. Your blinder’s up
I’m thinking time is up, and you got ‘til this rhyme is up
To ponder where your mind is ‘cause
I feel it coming on. The streets getting warm
If the world is this cold I can see there’s a storm
On the horizon, and you might be less than ready for rain
If a man’s giving you *hell*, and you’re living through pain
You ain’t got much to explain when you up and react
It’s the pressure that makes pipes burst. Nothing but facts
Nothing but raps here, nothing but acts fear provoke
2013 ‘Strange Fruit’, minus the rope

[2 (DJ Animosity)]
Verdict came out, and I’m sick of this bullshit
Wanna let ‘em know I’m the wrong one to fuck with
Tired of being a target—I’m not gon’ be a victim
Keep your judge, your court and your system
Not gon’ depend on having a witness
Vigilantes want some; come on and get this
Educated and armed, so that makes me dangerous
Not gonna be followed by some punk-ass stranger
Takin’ ‘im out like an Army Ranger
Hear my words. I testify—you feel my anger

[Mark O’Mara: Well, I think that things would have been different if George Zimmerman was black for this reason: he never would have been charged with a crime.]

[3]
Y’all must wanna start a revolution
Niggas looking for a good reason to start lootin’
They been shooting in Chi-raq
We ain’t gon’ deny facts
Fuck a gun buy back;
They out here boosting gun racks

Wanna reason to fear black males? Give us an inkling
Of the feeling it’s open season
On us, and we won’t be breathing
Unless we protect our Freedom
Our Life and our Liberty, in Pursuit of Happiness
I can tell you what happens next:
I’m thinking of Malcolm X—ain’t looking to turn a cheek

Somewhere in America, looking to target me
Is a man thinking ‘Birth of a Nation’ without a sheet
Who feels his grounds need stood, and probably
Since I ain’t his property
Won’t properly pardon me
But feels like I’m harboring
Some aggression, and ought to be
More respectful in honoring
That I’m here, so he wants to teach me a lesson
Except I know what I know—and it’s just this:

These fists, these feet, this brain, and this heart
Can’t be dismissed without laying a few scars

So Somewhere in America They’re fearing
‘cause it’s scarier that Right Here in America We’re ready

[Malcolm X: “I do believe that the black man in the United States…is well within his right to do whatever is necessary, by any means necessary, to protect his life and property, especially in a country where the federal government itself has proven it is either unable or unwilling to protect the lives and property of those human beings.”]