(Intro)

Kelvin: Hey yo this dude Lyndon soft. He bout to get dissed
Ty: P-P-P-PeeVee is a problem!
Lyndon: Hey look baby. Started from the bottom now we here. Started from the bottom now the whole team here!

You man? I know you not talkin! Seriously though?
FTFK must not have taught you anything
T-Poplin must not have taught you anything, T-Willz
Hey look man we don't speak over Tweets. We speak over beats!
C.O.A.L. Club. Calling Out All Lames
Let's Go!

(Verse 1)

How many times you gonna retire?
You Brett Favre lil rapper you just makin us tired
Lyin if you say I didn't build a empire
See I'm a lord in West Virginia, but a king in Carolina
Line em up. Aim, fire at this sad liar
The bad writer. Just a Justin Beiber biter
You like baby baby baby oh!
I'm like PeeVee PeeVee PeeVee no!
How many flows did I write for ya mixtape?
You spit straight trash to me
Listenin to 8 bars was agony
16 bars is straight blasphemy!
I shouldn't even diss you, Kelvin could blast for me
You never rapped with me
Just hopped on tracks with me
Even then you were never on track with me
The fact that you couldn't respect the family
Turned ya career into a tragedy
Look! See you a failed actor, a failed rapper
Probably cried ya eyes out when they turned you away from X Factor!
You sang Started From The Bottom!
That's why ya career is 6 feet under and rottin
Plottin on my demise
Talkin to other guys, that i dissed
I see where ya loyalty lies
Still spittin them royal lies
Crap rapper, spillin out them toilet bowl lines
Every collab you ever been on always had the worst verse
Dizzy Wright told you don't go first!
Worst verse in the cypher and Small Town Royalty
RTP killed you RIP
Definitely the worst flow in Kick It
I'mma get specific
Lyrisin told you you couldn't deliver!
Take a look at this pitiful mister
Does Hayley know about the times you messaged my sister?
Brett Favre!

(Verse 2)

How many times you gonna retire?
You Brett Favre lil rapper you just makin us tired
Said Brett Favre but before you get ya JETS off
Get to PACKin, while we throwin many soda's at em!
Then fly the dirty bird down to Atlanta
You couldn't spit 16 if your name was Montana!
Feel the HEAT in my speech like i come from MIAMI
My land! Lyndon pullin strings like a hammy
Oh man! Who's that? Knock knock! Who's who?
Its the lyricist Lyndon and the jokes on you
I flow on cue, you show off two
Lines, hot lines that I wrote for you
Tell Cory we still cool
Tell Morgan we still cool
Tell Hayley its all gravey I just ain't messin with you
I got lots better to do
Makin veteran moves
With legends, we flowin oceans you still in the swimmin pool!
Ya homies got ya nose wide as that Scottie Pippen dude!
Lookin like you could snort a brick or two
Same dope boys come to me for somebody to listen to
Sellin birds out the two-door and called it the chicken coupe
Listen you. You'll never out MC me
Might never see me on MTV
But one thing we know, and that's certainly
I was the MVP of MPeeVee
Rest In Peace!