[Intro: Big Tuck]
What's crackin'?
You already know who it is
Ya boy, Big Tuck
Freight Train Tuck
Astroworld is now in session, ya understand?
I'm the dean of this here
I got this

[Verse 1: Travis Scott]
Yeah, yeah
Parked at the Days Inn, ain't takin' no days in, yeah (Ya!)
Don't need a vacation, I need a replacement, uh (Alright!)
Bustin' the lights out soon as we came in, yeah (It's lit!)
What're they talkin' about, what's it pertainin' (Yeah, yeah)
Need me a therapist to ask if I'm aging (Ya!)
This M-E-D it feel caved in (Ya!)
All of my demons invadin'
I live paranoid, hesitatin'
They bitin', they bitin', the cadence (Skrt, skrt)
Go out their way, it's okay (Skrt, skrt)
Just lock the doors at the basement (Skrt, skrt)
I got a gate with my face in it

[Chorus: Frank Ocean]
Brand new, brand new, this new place I got to
New world, new sky that's so blue it's black too
New growth, new growth, all these fades I outgrew
Blue bands, blue bands, get my cash from drive-thru
Boy, you're too flash, too flash, keep the flash minimal
Bitch, I'm too cold, too cold, see my breath visible

[Verse 2: Travis Scott]
Yeah
Icy cold, it is so, it is so icy cold, yeah
Mixing the water with cheese is making the money get mold, yeah
Trying to be like gang, you better go get it in Vogue, yeah
Put 84s on lanes, I ride by you think it is spokes ('Pokes), uh
We did it, we said it, we spoke ('Poke), yeah
We put it out, thought it was smoke, this 504, uh
This is at home, right down the street, from Alamo

[Verse 3: Frank Ocean & Travis Scott]
Moving in silence don't mean it's movin' slow
Even though the speed got old
Sprinkling methamphetamines on the leaves like the snow
Bet they soak
I'm a new species, tail swings on the road
Come to reach and lose both
Got springs like a toad
Some for free in the tote
Saké drown like round white diamonds, carats (Ya!)
Copy sound, might got two wings, parrot (Alright!)
Landing down wind, caught two wings (It's lit!)
Talons scrape, hit the stage, two wings (Ya!, ya!)
Better pray, better pray, two wings (Straight up!)

[Chorus: Frank Ocean]
Brand new, brand new, this new place I got to
New world, new sky that's so blue it's black too
New growth, new growth, all these fades I outgrew
Blue bands, blue bands, get my cash from drive-thru
Boy, you're too flash, too flash, keep the flash minimal
Bitch, I'm too cold, too cold, see my breath visible