Uh, do it even matter at all?
Haven't dropped in two years, it don't even matter at all
I spit fire (spitfire) like Ho-Sang, I'm back like Rogaine
So gimme any chance and I'm never droppin' the ball
"But you dropped it, you're not sick"
Whatchu talkin' 'bout, I'm nauseous like I greened out on some bong rips
Bomb chick, tried to warn her (Warner) on some Tron shit
Since I dropped shit people hate me; be cautious
Yeah yeah, that's it right now
Hands up if your like is a trip right now
Hands up if your life is a bitch right now
And if you can't stand me then sit right down
Whatever you wanna drink, sip right now
Let loose for one night and just get right down
Any insecurities that you may have
Baby you should let 'em slip right now
And I wrote this 30,000ft up
Naw, seriously right now I'm fucking 30,000ft up
Let that beat bump hard like tree trunks
Talkin' flights to L.A. with my feet up
Ayo Kendall Jenner, let's meet up
Cause I'm kinda cravin' Chinese lunch
So you down? Definitely not
But at least you know you're still hot
Cause see I'd date you any day
But that's not gon' happen anyway
So I'll play something these hoes gon' like
Drive whips I know they like
Twista, you told 'em, right?
I could make you a celebrity overnight
Give you ice like Kobe's wife
And we sorta like Goldie, right?
The way we mode 'em, right
I could make you a celebrity overnight
Uhm, just kidding, I'm not famous
I push a Jetta but I want Ranges
Before you ask me what my name is
That's W-to-the-double-A, bitch
I'm back
I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back
I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back
I'm back, I'm back, I'm back, I'm back
I'm back
I'm a suburban kid
With a flow so sick like, "you ain't heard of it?!"
Bullshit, you be fuckin' with the dopest like opiates
And mostly the flow gets distorted like "oh shit"
I'm eighteen and my whip go VROOOMMMM
Twenty-one, I want a noiseless Tesla
I don't give a fuck is my taste's expensive
Yo I cook it up well, cause I'm boys with Spencer
And my voice expensive
Costs you twenty bucks for like forty seconds
To be honest I don't really mean to brag at all, but..
You compared to the boy, man, you're surely second
Hundred thousand views and I ain't close to earned a deal
Drop mad dollars on some bottles just to show the turn up's real
And man that's fun facts for you fuck boys
I could get Dani Nantais to go fuck boys
I don't talk music with fuck boys
And I don't talk clothing with fuck boys
Like what's up, boys? I don't do that (do that)
You'z a fuckin' liar homie, true dat (true dat)
I bought a pet owl and made him bump J. Cole
Just to ask about you and hear "who dat?"
Like, like, who dat? who dat?
Bitch I got that flame
Who dat? who dat?
Man you're fuckin' lame
Who dat? who dat?
Nothing was the same
So don't you worry 'bout my muhfuckin' name
Just call me Wightmaan, what's up?
Yeah
And you can find me all online at listentowightmaan.com
Like, what's up?
Yeah
Like, what's up?
Yeah
..And I'm out..