[Hook]
Baby baby, don't you worry
I'll take care of you
I promise
Baby baby, don't you worry
I'll take care of you
I'll take care of you

[Verse 1: B. Carr]
Been a plug feelin' like it's just Columbia
Come around here make sure that your money up
Who the fuck gonna stop us nigga we on
Turn on a [?] clown shit alone

[Verse 2: Hit-Boy]
I knew my shit was different, always had the knock
Since I was makin' music, at my momma's spot
They tried to make me settle, I rebuke the devil
Nigga this is mothafuckin' Grammy level
I went from nowhere to stay, couldn't afford them J's
Went and put a Jordan corner in the crib to remind me of them days
Plaques on my wall just to fill the space, grind a hundred days
99 O's, finally got a break
Gave myself a shot, fuck these other niggas
All they do is talk, this is where it stop

[Verse 3: B Mac the Queen]
How could you tell me my niggas ain't got it?
Time after time makin' hits like it's nada
We are the plug ain't no hit ain't gon' stop it
And we got it look like we came with them letters
And we get inspired by writin' and rappin'
And smokin' that loud like it came with a choir
Not givin' a fuck, selfish with those
This for my niggas with goals

[Verse 4: Oktane]
Bought a Blackberry just to write a rap
IPhone type too slow, I can't write with that
Givin' niggas flows cause niggas act like hoes
And flip when they find out I'm real nice with raps
But the people fuckin' with me from the Bronx to Rialto City
My nigga that's plenty
I need Oscars and Grammys and Emmys
And any other award given for winnin'
Man we tryin' to be in it
We the Plug

[Verse 5: Price]
Too many niggas rappin' hood and never seen blocks
What you know 'bout makin' fades lettin' fiends cop
Givin' money to your homies in the pen off the green dot
Young niggas totin' guns never had slingshots
We the Plug, where the preamp
I drop 40 on your block, bitch I'm movin' like Durant
To tell you I'm the best like the Muhammed Ali rant
Untouchable music, y'all niggas better revamp
Price!

[Bridge]
I love to fly
It's just you own peace and quiet, nothing around you but clear blue skies...
And the only bad part about flying is having to come back down in the fucking world

[Verse 6 : N.No]
And the tracks to the ounce, everything got bounce
One click, one sound, we the plug in the drought
Got it for you when they out, niggas know they came out like
Who that? Nigga, we that, I ain't stoping until they bring TC back
All work, no play, no relax
Fuck a nigga mean? You disrespect, I'mma need that nigga

[Verse 7: Kent M$ney]
I was all up in the black room, no clothes but I still roll with my niggas off parole
Settin' goals at the same time, in the van tryin' to be the man like it ain't mine, same grind
You ever have to sleep inside the whip with your niggas so broke, split chips with your niggas?
Get rich with your niggas, only stay up for late, loyalty is a master trait
We been 'bout it
'Bout it, 'bout it

[Outro: K. Roosevelt]
I can't fuck with no bitch ass nigga, hell nah
We don't fuck with your bitch ass either (Weird ass niggas)
I want the world to know
We don't fuck with no bitch ass niggas (I'm talkin' to you)
And I can't fuck with your bitch ass neither
(Plug!)