[Verse 1 - Hit-Boy]
Yeah baby, I know ya see me
Yeah baby I know ya see me
If I told you where I just came from would you believe me?
Look at these kicks I'm in! So dressed for T.V.!
Dipped in pimp fashion, knees is so gator
Now peace to b-ball wives, ooo they so Draya
Well when I see that ass I had to OK her
Like I pressed accept on my old Sega
This is my mission, I got a vision
It's hittin' pretty bitches but staying up out the clinic clinic
Unless its the one that keep me high and keep me lifted
And the fact that I just spit that line is so twisted
Well I'll address that on another day, uh
I'm in the streets like yellow paint, uh
I'm cappin' women with my subtle Game
The way I make this music got me feeling like a younger Dre
They say I don't ad-lib enough, (what?)
But I do stack chips enough
So yeah, give me my Pringles and all of my Doritos
And I'm a rapper now, I guess I'll rhyme this shit for free though
Seemed like the right thing to do
All these niggas music give me Deja-Vu
I am all about my C.R.E.A.M. like Reakwon [?]
Rapping over my own shit I guess I'm Ye' times two
These niggas talking on the internet
Instead of talking to hoes tryna get some sex
Niggas blowing up my twitter like I'm finna sweat
I can only afford my denim with your biggest check, nigga!
And that's true, these are no trues
Up in Balmain Paris like "Merci Beaucoup"!
And I'm putting bitches to bed like a curfew
But three-ways get boring right after your first few
Marvin Gaye ass niggas talk through the grapevine
Step over [?], loose like I'm A.I
I am [?], need a preacher and a pastor
And a prayer to [ ? ], ya fucking haters!
Why I rep the IE so much? Thats like asking a fat girl why she eat so much
My nigga I just do it, in my Nikes and I'm zoomin'
And you know I spit that fluid, and my beats they stay booming
She wants implants and marriage or some breasts and a ring
I just take her to Roscoe's to get a breast and a wing
Today we number nine-ing, and uh, we just vibe
And the music got me this watch, it was all in good time
And I remember waiting all in line
Now my favorite artist ask me can I make time
Labels offering me a label, so I make sign
I be asking for 10 mil., but I'll take 9! Haaaa!

Yeah, HS87, Surf Club, it's the Reverend, Young Hit
I just felt like rappin'. Real quick snap off
Fuckin' around, fuckin' around, cause you niggas know how I get down
Haa!