[Intro]
Off top, get money all day
Can't see your face, cause the paper in the way
When you're getting to it, know niggas gonna hate
When we're outchea 'bout it 'bout it, now lemme get it straight

[Verse 1: Hit-Boy]
H.S.87, staying T.U to the max, and I say that like it ain't apparent...
All black... like the Great Depression
When I'm stepping bow yuh head
Like you're praying with 80 reverends
Me and my niggas on that getting money policy
West Coast shit, spittin out some polla seeds
Shout out to Daz and Kurupt, Young Gotti
See, me and all my youngins looking like we hit the lottery
We're getting green, watch the salad on my plate
Or we party with them teens up in San Diego State
That she's barely legal but her ass's twenty eight
And I ride on 28s, so she ride me like she skate
We're the hardest niggas, regardless
Sonning niggas, RIP to my nigga Marvin
While yo niggas just talk through the grapevine
My niggas are cool from the waist down
I got.. prize, nigga we turnt, bring here the base line!

[Hook]
Off top, get money all day
Can't see your face, cause the paper in the way
When you're getting to it, know niggas gonna hate
When we're at your body, body, now lemme get it straight
What you say? them niggas ain't like my niggas
(Go, go, go) them niggas ain't like my niggas (Nigga what?)
(Go, go, go) you niggas say you like my niggas

[Verse 2: Oktane]
Alright, I looked down on my phone
Too many girls calling me, I told them leave me alone
I'm in the game, and I'm balling
See they're trying to test the lions and in Detroit they fumble
But a lion is what I am and I am king of the jungle
See I'm Oktane, don't know me
Got money, don't show it
Your girl, don't blow me
She come here, start the whole crew
Pour the liquor, start the...
Where the mic, that's where I go to
Care to be nigga, out for sure do
Press record and then nigga is no rules
Tear down on my back, your girl.. in my front
I ate her from my first meal
And these young rappers for lunch
I just found out, you're picky, crazy
That's my latest pun
And like bad head at the end of the bread
This ain't what you want!
I see that red light running, HS87 stuntin'
Man we call our parties orgies now, cause everybody coming
And your girl come when it's night time
And every time is the right time
If you ain't us, you is a lame nigga
Cause your niggas ain't like mine!

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Price Tag]
You're saying that you're trill, but we've been realer
Making banks like my first name Phillip
Real niggas, the only ones who feel us
Summer time, I'm probably rocking chinchillas
The clock ticking and tocking, I'm making profits
My momma told me don't pull out the rocket unless you gonna pop it
My new girl, flock it for me, unstop me
I call her Wallet cause she always be in pocket
No I dumb, if it's beef my niggas are running like high jumps!
You niggas can't even pronounce the places I fly from
That's fly, huh?
If you see me with five niggas, then probably we got five punks
The girl who gives me head in my bed
You hoping and pray you dry hump
Me just touch on her breast, me don't deal with her mess
Me just dress in Hermes, flyer than a bird nest!
Thugging, living, not worrying about the cost
We're in the same denim, but we're cut from different cloths

[Hook]