[Intro: Quentin Miller]
Yeah, yeah, yeah ooh

[Verse 1: Quentin Miller]
I got the keys to the car that I own
Overgrown but my pockets is on
I be turnin' up regardless, regardless
You ain't even gotta call up my phone
Still Harry Potter of the rap game
Treat the rap game like the crack game
Yeah ain't nobody out here serving yayo
Like my people,  [?]  37
And that 1317 crew damn
My Nike news like it CNN
Savage on the mic, OPB and them
Hit might be the plug, I might be the pen
Hit me up, I send you up like King Louie
On that Yeezus joint
Check that yale in my cup, you [?] as fuck
They hear my song on their earphones and turn me up
He got roller coasters on, he gon' turn you up
One three, one seven bitch we global yeah

[Verse 2: Key!]
I'm still Bill Nye
When it come to this rap shit, I'm the god
Ain't nobody catchin' bodies like my youngin's
Ain't nobody catchin' bodies like my youngin's
Ain't nobody gettin' away with murder like us
Ain't nobody outside sellin' dope like us
Ain't nobody in the six, yeah, like us
Yeah city, yeah six, like us
If you mad pussy nigga go and pipe up
If you mad pussy nigga go and pipe up
I'm with Hit-Boy, I gotta MAC, I hit ya boy
I'm with Hit-Boy, I gotta MAC, would hit ya boy
Better steer clear, better steer clear!
I ain't tryna be the nigga that you wanna fear
You don't wanna interfere, interfere!
Try to catch us pass here, you gon' get this here

[Bridge: Quentin Miller]
Yeah, yeah, what a time yeah
What a time, what a time, look

[Verse 3: Quentin Miller & Key!]
These motherfuckers mad cause I'm icy
IMessage I could see your girl typing
He came in with lethal weapons like he Danny Glover
I might fuck her like a lover but I do not love her!
Hit-Boy had made the beat for King Quentin
Not promoting, stoppin' all that [?]
From now on, I'm charging hate [?]
You want Key! on this shit boy I need a [?]
You will not classify me as a fucking shooter
You will not classify me as a fucking goon
I'm a grown man and I'm gettin' grown money
Fucking grown women, playboy-boy-boy
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
And I'm feeling like Hugh Hefner
New Nikes for my daughter, peep the step shelve
I been going hard on every beat I'm on
I can't lose when Hit-Boy made the beat I'm on, yeah
You know this flow is all these young niggas on
Do you know where the hell it came from?
I ain't really tryna take nobody shine
I ain't really tryna take nobody shine (aye!)
Well what a time, well what a time