[Intro: Hit-Boy]
Knew it was gonna end up like this
I made my mind up and it's been zoomin' ever since
Zoom! Zoom!
I gotta zoom, zoom!

[Verse 1: Hit-Boy]
I should get a jheri curl, I'm movin' at pimp speed (zoom, zoom)
5 star restaurant salad with the shrimp meat (zoom, zoom)
Ask the waiter, "Can I get the check please?", then I zoom, zoom
Right to the room (zoom, zoom) with a little fire (zoom, zoom)
Then we get high as the clouds in the blue skies (zoom, zoom)
She tellin' me why she fuck with me but I already knew why (zoom, zoom)
Hit the gas and I'm gone, gone, gone (zoom, zoom)
Check out's at 4, girl don't take too long (zoom, zoom)
Zoomin' on a mission, expedition in a sense
Comma, comma, exclamation, need an explanation
How you get them free vacations? How you in Jamaica?
You don't make that type of pay
But you won't swim inside the lake and get your hair wet
But you laid up with a Laker or an entertainer
Hoes be a trip, say she need a lift
Serious, that's a place I can't take her

[Hook: Hit-Boy]
Damn I'm sorry, I'm sorry this ain't workin' out
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, girl make your way out
The door
Shit ain't like it was before

[Verse 2: Hit-Boy]
Switch lanes on a loser, stayin' icy as a cooler
Check the way that I maneuver, call me Grammy Davis Jr
Comin' straight from Califoolyah, it's yah foolie yeah once again
Could've been in a movie, but it's hard to pretend
For a real nigga, niggas ain't friends
And these childish hoes need a playpen
That's what it is when you do it big like sumo (zoom, zoom)
You ain't have no opinion back in the beginning
Packages of noodles (zoom, zoom)
Walk into the water, met with Ghetto D and functioning, we turn up, lugo (zoom, zoom)
I'm the dynamic uno (zoom, zoom)
Got an iMessage from my new hoe (zoom, zoom)
Sayin' can we get high as the clouds in the blue skies
She tellin' me why she fuck with me but I already knew why
Hit the gas and I'm gone, gone, gone, gone, gone, gone
Check outs at 4, girl please don't take too long

[Outro: Geeezy P]
Yeah man it's pimpin' goin' on, nothin' but the zoom, man it's all about that movin' forward, I tell that bitch, "Bitch listen, yeah we zoomin'." You know, when you zoomin' you gotta zoom, man, you can't slack, you can't lack, you always gotta zoom and keep it player at all times, you dig what I'm sayin'? It's Brother Zoom signin' in and signin' out. Only a bitch, man I tell that bitch choose up or zoom out, bitch. Like that, a player this good known around for zoomin' and if you ain't player you ain't zoomin', you bitch

[Skit]
Kid 1: Niggas is goin' down. Punisher be takin' their ass out
Kid 2: X-Men take out the Punisher
Kid 1: X-Men baby stuff homes, all their costumes and powers ain't shit. Punisher the real dope, homie
Kid 3: Word, I seen a 7 foot tall white terminator nigga with 20 guns on my roof just the other day
Kid 1: Punisher be takin' out all y'all stupid heroes, he be sayin', "Bam bam bam bam! Take out that nigga! Bam bam bam bam bam bam!"