[Intro: DJ Khaled]
We do this for the hood!
We do this for the street!
We do this for the ghetto!
There's a whole lot of hood superstars on this remix!
This the Shawty Lo Foolish Remix!
I'm the hood maestro of this hood music!
DJ Khaled!
We global now~! Listen~!

[Shawty Lo]
Bankhead, yeah! These rappers just rappin'
Stick to the movie, they just actin'
What you doin' Lo? I'm just laughin'
How you laughin'? Like "Ha! Ha! Ha!"
In a Bugatti I fly right by
And when I'm in the sky G5 I fly
Cross your T.'s and dot your I.'s
I'm the real Bankhead man that's no lie!
Yeah, yeah, I done said it before
I'm a real D-boy you can't be me fool!
Yeah, I'm like "Nah! Nah! Nah!"
Laughin' at these suckers like "Ha! Ha! Ha!"

[Hook: Shawty Lo]
I come through in somethin' real foolish
And they like, "Boy you a fool!"
And he like, "Boy you a fool!"
And she like, "Boy you a fool!"

[Birdman]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Stuntin' on Martin Luther King in my new machine
Keep my tool cause you know I'm out gettin' cream
You know the lean, the red beam money team
We stay fly, broad stack on some new jeans
We stay foolish', they all knew this
Got to get the money bought mama some new shit
They sunshine, got the candy on them whips
A hundred carats mama, I'm so hood rich
ATL hustler, straight out of Bankhead
Uptown gangster, we know how to get paid
My old head did it big in his days
My young nigga's real good with that AK

[Hook]

[Rick Ross]
Thought I a fool, but nigga you stupid!
Number 1 on Billboard, I top Snoop's shit!
I get money, my ways maybe you ain't cool with
Baby, baby! My Phantom roofless!
I'm feelin' like I'm bulletproof, that's what ten mill'll do
Yeah I got a lot of beef, so I let the kennels loose
I'm G'd up, I feed thugs
I got too ill, baby I need love!
Boss as the Chevy flow, burnin' that Cali love
On that westside, Shawty Lo hot as fuck!
When you hear "Trilla!" niggas back it up
Real drug dealers, yeah we out here stackin' up
Boss!

[Hook]

[Jim Jones]
Beside a moment we ain't livin' lavish (Oops!)
I dropped the top once and I did embarrass (My bad!)
I bought cars, brochures in a different language
I did the Porsche and my thoughts was to get the Vanquish
I love the Vee's, ladies'll love flassin'
My Air Ones, Graban jeans, and a Yachtmaster
That's a Rollie watch - the bezel was all Alaska
Big up to all my trappers!
They headed in a new ride or actin' fool by the poolside
That's how I do, hah! Belts with Louie sides
And we don't do the lines
If I don't one hole, well it must be two-sides!

[Hook]