[Intro]
Yeah pops and the peach. (Believe Dat) That’s what the fuck I'mma do (flip that shit)
Yea. Clear my motherfucking save (yea), everything, spit that shit. M. O. B., M. O. E. hunned million here, hunned million here, hunned million here, hunned million here, a hunned million up there, (a hunned) in a three month run, bitch

[Hook]
Im gotta get it
Is you with me?
Im gone get it
Nigga I'mma hit it
Tell me if you with me
Im gone get it
Nigga I'mma hit it
Nigga we did split it

Im fully loaded homie
Im fully loaded homie
Im fully loaded homie
Yea im fully loaded homie
Im fully loaded homie
Im fully loaded homie
Im fully loaded homie
Yea im fully loaded homie

[Verse 1]
I gone and get it
Im in my shit, nigga ready go flip a whole clip, nigga empty these bricks
Get it and go, nigga and wrap it like shit
Bring it to my neck of the woods, we hit licks
Hustle like all the time
Livin like do or die
We in the streets gettin money nigga stayin fly
Jumping outta parachutes
Birds in a Bentley Coupe
We flippin blocks dump the feds, when they come thru
That’s how we did it homie
It ain't no flippin but we dippin like, dippin off the dip, when we toastin on em
You know the money is a must and these hoes dont trust
Uptown souldier nigga played it from the gut
Live mines, split mines, tap mines, grind for mines, take mines. Nigga let me live or let med bitch, before I let a nigga fuck with my strife, bitch

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
All the time, Im the one that brought em on this grind, brought em on this line, brought them in this time
Showed them a good time, showed them I got mines, showed them I make mines, showed them I'm bout mines
Off the rip nigga
Bout my shit nigga
Still get this money homie
Flip it and dip, nigga
Stay in these pearly whites
Brand new gucci frames
Fresh as a motherfucker, bitch watch me do my thang
Hard in a eleven hunned
Do that shit every sommer
One of a kind, 5 Star, and them bees comin
Let them flees go
Bitches we get mo
Nigga they all know
We bout to cash flow

[Hook]