[Intro]
(Uptown!)
Yeah, yeah, nigga

[Chorus: Birdman]
Well let me take ya' to the neck of the woods
In my hood (uptown), show you what we livin' like (uptown)
Well let me take ya' to the neck of the woods
In my hood (uptown), show you what we livin' like (uptown)

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Chyeah! Gangsta to the core
Ankle wrap flamer, paint your kitchen floor
Wit' your whore, shit you can't ignore
Things you endure when you fuckin' wit' the boy
All I heard was, "Weezy, don't kill me no more"
I hear your bullshit, I play matador
I'm outta categor-y, I ain't there wit' y'all
I got a positive vibe, but I ain't scared of y'all
Get the kid negative, never did that at all
That rat-a-tat go off, that blat-kak-kak-kak-kak-kak
I gotta bitch so fine her name Pérignon
She know how to stash quarters in a carry-on
I blow outta town grass when I'm outta town
Uptown in the building: not a sound
Cuz killas don't get heard about
They get whispered about or you get murdered out, nigga!

[Hook: Birdman & Lil Wayne]
Well let me take ya' to the neck of the woods
In my hood (uptown) show you what we livin' like
Walkin like a man, finger on the trigger
I got money in my pocket, I'm a uptown nigga, nigga!
Well let me take ya' to the neck of the woods
In my hood (uptown) show you what we livin' like
Walkin like a man, finger on the trigger
I got money in my pocket, I'm a uptown nigga, nigga!

[Verse 2: Birdman]
The first shot, the first nigga got shot
We bust him open like a blunt on a Marley, nigga (yeah)
A hundred Gs, nigga, score some keys
Then we went to the hood and then we started to ballin', nigga We know them people been paper chasin'
So we stay out the way, then we pull out the Harleys, nigga
We keep the gauge close, in case you won't know
You come to the hood? I bet you a target, nigga
It's all good 'til you catch a case
A nigga never escape 'cause you addicted to money, nigga
Well, let me bring you back yesterday
A lil' homie I know got full of that barma nigga
Fuckin round wit' that Kid-N-Play
Nigga fuckin with Gs, a nigga twisted his body, nigga
Well, let me tell you 'bout this game I know
(You keep flippin' dough, homie?) You'll be riding the flyest, nigga

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Got it on your mind, let daddy say somethin'
All that play buckin', gon get your face buttoned up
Now when you smirk, you look like Jay-Z's shirt
Fuckin wit' that turf, I'm puffin' on that smurf
Fuck it, come holla!
And tell that poppa put away your dollas, your son got choppas
And if you got enemies, your son got enemies
That's uptown energy nigga!

[Verse 4: Birdman]
Don't waste no time on no bullshit
If it ain't hood shit, we spend a lil paper nigga
Well if you catch 'em in the hood nigga
It's all good shit, go 'head, do me that favor nigga
Well let me take you deep down in the inside
It's where they hustle and the homies try to get it right
It's when you got to ride, it's when the homie die
And the money can't stop the pain in the inside

[Hook]

[Outro: Birdman]
Please believe it! Birdman and Birdman Jr.!
We hear them bitch ass niggas talking, you heard?
But we up by one, you heard?
They playing catch-up! Cash Money Millionaires!
Hot Beezoh! Birdman, holding it down!
You got a problem? You know how we rock, homie!
Hold Uptown down, big dog! Big dog! You heard me?