(Chorus:)
We over here hustlin', we over here grindin'
We over here hustlin', we over here grindin'
We over here hustlin', we over here grindin'
I'm all, I'm all about my paper, I'm all, I'm all about my paper
We over here hustlin', we over here grindin'
We over here hustlin', we over here
We over here hustlin', we over here grindin'
I'm all, I'm all about my paper, I'm all, I'm all about my paper

(Lil Wayne:)
Now ho don't ask me what I'm doing, thats me in the hook
And I just keep on getting it getting it like a ni' in the book
Yes, wayne straight like a key of that good sh'
If your bitch don't know the rules, I will read her the book
I got the key to the boat, I got the key to the jet
I got the key to success, get money invest
Read up with the rest. I got a Swedish connect
That means my weed is the best, yoke to even the stress
OK, the coupe is ridiculous and the jeep is a mess
That's called my bullets and lugers, I put 'em deep in your neck
Adam's apple meet banana clip
You know my script, I just get my chips and then I dip, and then I dip
They say the bullshit walks, the money talks
So I don't answer, I don't answer unless the money calls
Yeah that's my word, thats my word know I will front for y'all
Its money over everything and bitches under all. M.O.B!

(Chorus)
(Birdman:)
I say uptown cobblin', uptown rockin', uptown niggas
It's the home of the hard knocks
Cook up a whole block. Hit it up in all white
Ridin' with a chopper, black diamonds and it all nice
Shop 'till you pop bitch, do your own thing ho
Got the game from Pixie's, second floor sixth court
Bling bling king nigga, money ain't a thing nigga
Ridin' in a Lamborghini, suicidal regal wings
Assault rifles, my little homies big poppers
Coming through the attic, 20 in the heli-chopper
Zip it and whip it nigga, that's how we ship it, nigga
Burn it and light it then we flip it and we hit it, nigga
I spent a mill on my grill for real
'Cause we be stunting while we hustling, nigga making his meals
We be grindin' while we shinin', nigga packin' that steel
Stay fly, get money, nigga stackin' the bills

(Chorus)
(Birdman:)
I say, we deep in the game, nigga. we switching the lanes, nigga
Got blood money homie. No pain, no gain, nigga
Fifty a fame nigga, a G a name, nigga
That's what we do nigga, claim your fame, nigga
Hop out a range, nigga. Fang in hand, nigga
Stop all that reppin', 'fore I... send some flames, nigga
All this money, nigga. Jewelry and fame, nigga
'Cause we be stuntin', nigga. Moving them things, nigga

(Lil Wayne:)
Paper paper, paper. All I need is paper. Green paper
White chalk, yellow tape will, make your shirt look like you got on the butcher's aprin
Go ahead and make the steak then, bitch nigga
Bitch, nigga talkin'. This is how money sound
I'm just chillin' but my money still running 'round
Yeah, and I just do's what I does
You niggas couldn't even be who I was