(Intro: Birdman)
Yeah. Sitting on this mountaintop, big rocks on this hill. Peeping at this shit go in and out. How the game done changed, and how you got to change with the game. It's called longevity

(Verse: Sy Ari Da Kid)

Road life, I'd rather be with my family
Ask Mannie, I feel alseep at the Grammys
Maybe 'cause I wasn't nominated
Yup, then I left early an hour later
It's hard to dominate when you ain't obligated
Northside Ronald Reagan plus Obama baby
Nigga, I ain't got to pretend
I can't be them with them problems, I got a problem with them
And I'm a god with the pen, I did that shit without a pen
While you was watching "Get Out" I figured out how to get in
They see me with Birdman, like "Why you signing with him?"
I mean, there ain't too many nigga as solid as him
I mean, Bird and Slim done gave me everything I ask for
What's to be mad for?
Maybe I should brag more
More stamps in my passport
Yeah, you broke nigga, you past poor
Cash Money plug still where the loves real
6 figures for all my producers pub deals
I can't say, "Can all producers get paid?"
'Cause I all my producers got paid
Facts, and we are not [?]
Swim against them sharks nigga, we don't ride waves
Aye, different lawyer nigga, same business
You ask me and I'll tell you, "that's him and Wayne's business."
Stop gossiping get a check first
Stop Googling niggas net worth
We all rich, ain't got to be on the Forbes list
Who's to say we pay everyone we do songs with?
Even I'm guilty as he
Ask Bob and Will how many different beats they done sent to me
How many that I paid for, how many that I did for free
Who keep it real as me?
'Cuz the bond that we got here is more than dollars
We never had them problems
They know if they ask me for anything, they know I got them
They know being loyal to each other is the only option
They know if that money on the table we gon' divide it
Ask about me, take that money, ain't just rappin bout it
Epic still owe me for some shit we did on Travis album
Shout to Travis $cott, that nigga gave me opportunity
So he forever cool with me
Study the Art of War, I'm collecting from all of y'all
I'm like Jehovah Witness, I'm going door to door
Fuck it, I mean this what we pay our lawyers for
Since when do starters communicate with the water boys?
Riding to the Carter 1 swerving like a vulture
I8 doors open like I'm working out my shoulders
Ballin', I'm forever number one
So tell LaVar Ball I'm think better than his son
Never run. nigga 2oon. (Too Soon)

(Outro: Birdman)

Big paper shit. Holiday shit. You there be times but... you just got to go for it. Fuck who don't like it and fuck who hating on you. You understand me? Better you than me, nigga. It's simple. RichGang fuck them nigga who been hating'. Big money shit. We talkin' loud and we live it. We talkin' loud and we live it