[Intro]
I wanna get kissed, kissed, kissed
I wanna get kissed, kissed, kissed
I wanna get kissed, kissed, kissed
I wanna get kissed, kissed, kissed

[Verse 1: Royce da 5’9”]
Nickel Nina nigga Twitter beefing, first rapper to shot a fan
Gucci's my absolute state of mind like Waka's man
Chopper's spraying, getting head in a car parked, new Gallardo
This bitch sucking my dick today, call it yesterday's news tomorrow
Stretch a nigga out, I'm the new Tae Bo, 'bout to cross over, I'm the new Ivo
'Bout to saves a couple of these bitches
That's right, I'm the new Bible
You? You five-o. Me? I'm more grounded than punishments
But I'm too fly though
Y'all niggas be whining, I should call you Moscato

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Look down at the floorboard
It looks like someone left a pair of stiletto shoes in my Tahoe
Never know just what type of a ho inside of my ride I may let
Last night went to 5 a.m. and she ain't even recover from last Friday yet
Hoes all over the ride like it's an ice cream truck
I can see why they fret
I already ran over two hoes
And I ain't get out the fucking driveway yet
Soon as I open the door you try to resist
What for? Get in girl, don't front, shorty
You're fighting an un-winnable war, it's useless
As tits on a boar or little tits on a whore
Got 'em acting like spoiled brats kicking and screaming
Like little kids throwing fits on the floor
Get in the whip, but you ain't turning this frog into a prince
Why you tryna keep convincing me for?

[Hook: Unknown Female and Eminem]
I wanna get kissed, kissed, kissed
You won't get one
I wanna get kissed, kissed, kissed
Not from me
I wanna get kissed, kissed, kissed
Not on the lips, are you crazy?
I wanna get kissed, kissed, kissed
Maybe the cheek but that's all you gon' get from me

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Now you in my whip just as long as you understand that I can't be whipped
You say companionship, I say abandon ship
I'm a gigolo so you know
I'm always on the go
I don't got no time to slow down for no relationshit
Drop the P and add a T
Yeah, you can get mad at me all you want
But I'm ghost before you can even say boo hun, let alone call me one
A one night stand is all he wants with a female fan, yeah, one like Stan
And he's so 'bout a one nightstand
His bedroom has two lamps and only one nightstand
Get the hint?
Ooh yeah boo – ew
I ain't finna argue, but why do you think they call it boo?
Yeah, 'cause the sound of it s'posed to scare you

[Verse 4: Royce da 5’9”]
Oh ho, we can share you in the back of the McLaren
I don't give a fuck what your name is
We gon' call you "Hi" and "Bye"
Hope you bi in the meantime your name is Sharon
Slow the flow down so I can what?
Tell you same face I make
When I'm shooting the gun's the same face that I make when I fuck
From the back of my hand on your neck
Pressing your face against these sheets, it's insane
You vin changed
'Cause I'm outta this world girl
I got that Milky Way dick vein
I'm at an all-time high with highness
I'm at an all-time fly with flyness
And this is exactly what they say when they bow to your highness, yeah

[Hook: Unknown Female and Eminem]
I wanna get kissed, kissed, kissed
You won't get one
I wanna get kissed, kissed, kissed
Not from me
I wanna get kissed, kissed, kissed
Not on the lips, are you crazy?
I wanna get kissed, kissed, kissed
Maybe the cheek but that's all you gon' get from me

[Verse 5: Royce da 5’9” & Eminem]
Nickel Nina nigga Twitter beefing, first rapper to shot a fan
Push a chick out the car while it's moving like Waka's man
Her bottom's dark, but her top is tan, her private parts
Got her on the pole, like the opposite of her papa's plans
Come on stripper, let's hit the strip, 180, throw it in reverse
And drop the trans, I'm in the trance, now look at this bitch dance
Looking at this tramp like, "What are you wearing girl? Quit playing"
Yeah, bitch and them scratch and sniff pants
Well let me scratch 'em
Let me sniff, yeah
What? Did I say that? I'm on lean like Styrofoam cups and kickstands

[Verse 6: Eminem]
Middle finger stuck on fuck
Stiff hands, but girl you got a butt like no if ands
So yeah, what the hell, maybe
All hail, Shady, he'll tell it like it is
So tell Katy Perry he's on her tail, he's tailgating
These bells are my mating call and I'm here
Bell's waiting, and tell Lady
Gaga, she can quit her job at the post office, she's still a male lady
Wouldn't fuck her with her dick, you heard it, the verdict's in
He's allergic to divas and take meat cleavers to 'em
Him don't give a damn about beaver do him
What a demon, a behemoth evil just seems to be seething through him

[Verse 7: Royce da 5’9”]
I like the little strip tease you doing this evening
You and me gon' find three more chickadees and have a menage like Nicki
You hot like a Dickie outfit in Texas without shit under it
Sweating, suck my dick or get to stepping's my logic

[Verse 8: Eminem]
My God trick, my dick is hard, as stiff as a yardstick
What are we gonna do?
Ride around 'til we're carsick?
I'ma put this shit in park like dog shit
And you can blow me in the dark
In the parking lot of the trailer park by the garbage
What're you waiting on, me to roll out the carpet?
Condoms are in the glove compartment, let's start it
Think I'm joking?
What, am I sitting here tryna make fake farts with my armpits?
Tryna get you to spit pop through your nose?
Am I here to amuse you? Stop it

[Verse 9: Royce da 5’9”]
I'm in your pocket outside of a church
The other hand reaching for the bottom of your purse
You giving me head in a boxing stance
My dick's so big you could drop it in dirt
I'm not your man, we're sparring partners
There's five things you are in charge of
That's: sucking the dick, sucking the dick
Sucking the dick, sucking the dick, sucking the dick

[Verse 10: Eminem & Royce da 5’9”]
And if you ain't sucking a dick, why you sitting there
With puckered lips? Oh that's collagen, muhfuckin' bitch
What you mean how'd you get suckered into this?
You gon' jump into my truck and then try to get truculent
You should be suffering, you should be cooking
You should be buckling your seat belt with oven mitts
Excuse me while I'm making an ass out of myself
But it's only because I just wanna get

[Hook: Unknown Female and Eminem]
I wanna get kissed, kissed, kissed
You won't get one
I wanna get kissed, kissed, kissed
Not from me
I wanna get kissed, kissed, kissed
Not on the lips, are you crazy?
I wanna get kissed, kissed, kissed
Maybe the cheek but that's all you gon' get from me

[Outro: Royce da 5’9”]
Nickel Nina nigga Twitter beefing, first rapper to shot a fan