[Intro: Eminem & Obie Trice]
Kay Slay! (Yeah) Yo..
Drama King! (Yeah!)
Check it out, check it out, O. Trice!
(Shady Records nigga, it's going down once again, boy)
It's just a scratch, man (Let's go, Em)

[Verse 1: Eminem]
I Murder this Inc as soon as I touch the page
You ain't gon' have no other choice but to rush the stage
And charge the mic, and I hope you got the heart to fight
Cause you gon' have to, cause you ain't got the smarts to write
Something that good, to try to come back at me with
What you gon' do, try to out-rap me with that happy shit?
You motherfuckers crack me up, talking bout you gonna smack me up
Yall won't even back me up
Throw up your paws, you pussies can't even scratch me hard
It's like fucking cats de-clawed trying to jack me off
You think I'm afraid? What you trying to throw some fear in me?
You think I'm dumb enough to roll with no security?
I'm doing my best to try to show maturity
But don't sit there and stare at me like hoes and sneer at me
Like it's supposed to be scaring me
Like I won't leap clean over this fucking
V.I.P. rope and throw this chair
At anyone close or near me, trying to approach me physically
Cause he don't spit lyrically
And he knows that my flow's so sick, his ho's on my dick
And he's so sick of hearing me, my posters are staring at him
But I don't think he knows the severity
Of what it could escalate to or that it could grow so seriously
If I go hysterically, cause I guarantee
There's no one in here that would resort back childhood
Any quicker than I would, or hit you with plywood
Especially when I'm sipping on this liquor and tonic
One swig of this bottle I'mma go upside your head so hard with it
The mark from it'll be so dark that it'll leave a scar so big
You'll be able to read a label from the motherfucking
Sticker that's on it, I'm sick of the nonsense
Shit is ridiculous and I refuse to let it get to this point
Where I'mma let you sit on my conscience, I'm gone, bitch (YEAH!)

[Hook: Obie Trice]
I'm gone bitch
Shady Records motherfucker, we gone, bitch
I said we gone bitch, so long, bitch
Catch up if you can, we moving on, bitch

[Verse 2: Obie Trice]
Now who you know been to Kyoto, Tokyo
Off of one debut, screaming, "I'm in Janai yo!"?
Obie Trice, showed you right
He done seen overseas, he's not a prototype (nah)
Nobody's protégé, Em only showed O. the way
Fuck what the media say
If you listen to music then you should know that O. Trice fused it
In a matter where he speaks how the streets views it
Choose, to translate it through the art of music
And started using it reaching the youth
Influenced by the truth in it (truth!)
And as a boy, a man, I ran from boys in vans
Do the knowledge, acknowledge and try to comprehend
Hand full of contraband
A product of my environment, narcotics and violence
Inspires the content, but my intent is
To retire these tired-ass writers in si-lence (yeah!)
Cause haters they hate us cause Shady became famous
And claimed the rap game when they thought he'd be nameless (hah!)
But racist accusations won't change us
Let the truth be told, you think O. will be over here
Like, "Master, show them you got soul!"
No, anybody knows us knows that's not how we roll
So, I still push the bucket
If I ain't trust it I wouldn't fuck with it
But fuck it, I'm gone bitch!