(This is the let's pretend story of Jack)
[Hook]
Jack, yah I feel like the mack
Jack the mack, Jack the mack
Jack the mack, Jack the mack
Jack the mack, Jack the mack
Jack the mack, Jack the mack
Jack the mack, Jack the mack
Jack the mack, Jack the mack
Jack the mack, Jack the mack

[Verse 1]
Skins go ooh over Jack the mack
J-A-C-K M-A-C-K (?) that is that
(?)
Pussy cats are kittens and they under the button fly
(We all love Jack)
Said the girls, just the girls
So hand me the gel because we had it whipped up like Jheri curls
(?) watch out man Jack will raise a fat gat
(Yo move out my way, step off)
(Gimme that) Dope
D-d-diddy dope (?)
If you cross the wrong path you'll smell the gun smoke-smoke
Of the barrel, that big pork and barrel
If you mess around with Jack (?)
He's a pusher, the dope dealer rolling with crazy skins
And he didn't have too many fr-friends
He carried classified ordinance on all gorunds
He wasn't rolling with a gang
That's why sometimes he got beat down
But he came up like a Jack
How?
By selling crack
By selling crack, crack pusher, crack pusher can I have a hit
Wild dope fiend-fiend with the chapped-chapped lips
Over to Jack's project numbers he snuck
Chumps would go to crazy women filled with the fat lust
At the club, dancin', just waitin' for the chancin'
To see if Jack would approach, and ask for some romancin'
Sure enough there's one, now off to the motel
Charisma her name, Raquel, Raquel, Raquel

Yah baby so its just me and you tonight huh?
*Yeah Jack, I always have liked you best*
Oh so I guess that means you with this huh
*Yah I'm with this, just (?)*

[Verse 2]
In and out without no doubt, clap for it all
He was swinging his back, swinging his back (?) the walls
(Where?) there
Everywhere, all over the bedroom
She said that Jack reminded her of a broom
That sweeps up the dirt and the dust-dust
But five times Jack had to bust-bust boom
Tearing off rubber-rubber like thunder
Hopped inside the bed and then pulled over the covers
Zz zzs (?) now they're both counting sheep
They're both (?) now they're falling asleep
Jack
Wakes up, wakes up in the morning
Looks to the left and says "What the hell's going on?" and
"Raquel where you at"
Yo where did she go-go
It seems like a case of Jack don't know-know
Definately-definately we have a problem here
He smelled his underarms
And they're kicking like Rudolph the Red-Nosed reindeer
Slide to the bathroom to get rid of it
And then he noticed on the mirror there was a note writting in lipstick
It said
*Jack I'm sorry that I had to go
And I apologize for not letting you know
But get this, there's something that might make you faint
I hate to break it to you
Cause you do now have the AIDS*
Oh my god, lord have mercy-mercy
Jack you caught the HIV, curse it, curse it
You should have known to wear a Jimmy hat
Poor old Jack

[Hook]
Jack the mack, Jack the mack
Jack the mack, Jack the mack
Jack the mack, Jack the mack
Jack the mack, Jack the mack
Jack the mack, Jack the mack
Jack the mack, Jack the mack
Jack the mack, Jack the mack
Jack, yeah I feel like the mack