[Verse 1]

Now, this little rhyme goes to the hood
And this little, little, rhyme is up to no good
So why don't you just come select a (come select a)
The beat, you'll flip it up
And like a recipe, why don't you mix it up and mix it up. (Right?!)
Yo, here we go a here we go
The reggae style is not not me, but I go (bomp bomp)
Ah, one time (bomp bomp) two times
So what, so call it coffee cause it's all grind grinds
Swell, can't you tell, I flow with fat fats, you can't lie
I put on my hat, my shirt and then my sneakers and my pants sag. (Damn)
That be foot dragin', sometimes braggin'
Because graffiti on the wall, is known as taggin'. (uh howee hey hey)
See a [?] hates this
You're trying to roast my rhymes several times but could not fade this
Cause it's the boom, yes the (Boom-Bip)
And if you have some apples you should really give me a sip
Cause many dozen MCs trynna steal one
But I lay back, relax, and like Prince I kiss what's up

[Hook: Charizma & Ed O.G]

Soon to be large, the whole nine yards, but I ain't souped y'all
Soon to be living large, in a two car garage
And a slick rolls royce [?]
Right about now take charge, thinkin' all are stars
Cause we're soon to be living large, yes it's no mirage
Soon to be living large, in a two car garage
And a slick rolls royce [?]
Right about now take charge, thinkin' all are stars
Cause we're soon to be living large, yes it's no mirage

[Verse 2]

I'm back again (back again). What's up
Now shall I speak like a disc jockey (what)
I've been using my techniques
Not a hoodlum but in any case the points I lookout
Give my brother's pounds in to gets much clout
The this, the that
With the rattitat-tat-tat
I'm swinging rhymes like Darryl Strawberry swings the bat
And one more (one more time). What? you know my name?
Ain't it a shame, my rhymes is large like a great dane
Cause that's the effect (yeah that's the effect)
[?] So call it Pan-Am cause it's fly (fly)
But not like a bird (word)
Bad things occurred (curred)
So forget all the wack rhymes you heard
Cause the hip-hop (the hip-hop), don't stop in my set
I wreck shop, and play like a horserace and say "bet" (ha!)
That's really dope, not a remix
You see the rapper didn't eat his Trix
So stay off my diggydiggy dizmick
Because I wear, I wear sneakers
Forget a walkman, I bump 12 inch speakers
But I'm not braggin, neither or either laggin'
Just a thriller yeah, like Michael Jackson

[Hook]

[Outro: Charizma & Interviewer]

So, you know as for you Charizma, I mean, talk about some of your background, you know what I'm saying? How you started rapping and everything, and, you know, how you grew up. You know. Are you originally from San Jose? Let me start with that

Yes. I was born in San Jose in 1973. I'm 18 years old and I'm into rap music, and I just love it

So how long you been rapping, you know what I'm saying?

Oh, ever since I was 13. You know, I used to freestyle in the park with my boys. Just started getting real serious with it, hooked up with Peanut Butter Wolf, here it is