[Intro]
Kristen Modaferri didn't waste any time when she arrived in the Bay Area. Through the internet she found a place to live in Oakland. Three days later, she already had a job across the bay in downtown San Francisco (Yo this is crazy). Kristen worked at Spinellis' Coffee Shop at the Crocker Galleria. "She called a couple of days before she disappeared to tell us what a great time she was having and how wonderful San Francisco was. And all of a sudden she goes to work, clocks out at 3PM, and that's it. We don't know what happened

I don't know what I'mma do (Shout out to the homie Lil' B)
What did I do (Oh West Coast)
I can't believe this (Chip gone crazy for this one. Let's go!)

[Verse 1: Lil' B]
Started off daylight cool scenes, same flight
Next to my love nodded, and then I bossed up
Landed in Paris, got off the plane and
Ain't no Ferris, looking at my queen like
She's the real Harris, go to the hotel
Shower in the hotel, white make your nose swell
Louis V bag, Coach bag with the coattail
Sit down girl, I'mma show you that my dough real
You ain't ever met a dude that's crazy like me
I can see how you looking, just relax girl you shook
I done took you on a trip and you don't have to pay shit
And now I'm in control and you owe me a little something
I'm in the game hustling, you in the Bay hustiling
And I took you from your home, and your name is meaning something
Look me in my face, I ain't playing games cousin
You my main bitch, and I dare you to say that you wasn't

(He had a sense of flair, he had money. He had looks. Money was no object. And he also had a vocation or avocation which was quite different than the normal fare)

[Lil B]
I'm America's most wanted

(He didn't work. His family was well overdue, and they supported him, and he was a free spender. He was flashy. He liked the nightlife. He liked to go clubbing. He was described as a very handsome individual. One that all he had to do was snap his fingers and all the girls would go to him.)

(You put two of America's most wanted together. You get classic material and that's what this is. West coast all the way to the midwest. We run this. Here we go!)

[Verse 2: Chip tha Ripper]
What do you mean you have to leave
What do you mean you lost your keys
She opens up her purse to look
Discovers that there's no pocketbook
I'm not a crook, relax a bit
I'm just a persistent man
Everything can flow just fine
But soon as you start to resist me then
Another side of me comes out
Swear it's not what I'm about
Promise that I don't like to shout
And pull these knives and shotguns out
You cry, you pout, you wanna go home
But what about me, then I'll be alone
I just need someone like you
Promise me now that you will stay true
Fuck the world, just me and my boo
Don't make me do what I don't wanna do
Come on, I'm running away with you
Go somewhere and play with you
'Cos all I can think about is you
Your smell, your smile, your beautiful skin
Told your mother you'd be home at 10
Look at the clock, oh what a sin
Why did you lie, to her at least
Come and lay down, you deserve some sleep
Please don't be timid or nervous sheesh
You acting like I'm some sort of beast
I just need love, I just need hugs
Here loosen up, would you like any drugs
Life is rough, I just need help
Like any food, I cooked it myself
Looking for wealth, found it fast
Looking for love, no luck for my ass
Until I met you, now how about some kids
Turn me down and be regrettin you did
Am I that bad, maybe so
Look what I done, I've been a ghost
You made me do what I did before
But every time it's love for sure
Oh
She made me do what I did before
But every time, it's love for sure
Oh no
Let it go

(He was only 22, but friends say he was already a star. He played the hottest clubs in Miami.)

[Outro: Lil' B]
I'm Amerikaz most wanted (I'm a felon)
I'll be grateful if I get away
I'm hiding, I gotta go
I'm America's most wanted

(But first, the case of a man wanted for murder. "He went first class."
"Two counts of homicide, kidnapping, and recklessly endangering another person."
"People are making him out as somebody who lived his life getting in trouble all the time and basically a bad kid, but he wasn't a bad kid.")