[Intro]
Now let me tell you like this man, I'm the motherfucker that started everything man. I'm the motherfucker that started all the trends man, I'm the motherfucker that made history man. Like I said it's Lil B man, worldwide, unsigned and all that man. I don't give a fuck

[Verse 1: Lil B]
BasedGod 50, BasedGod a hustler
I was born in life with no money
Still I got them customers
I had to dump my swag off
I put the bitch in daycare
Lil B my main ho
So look bitch, just lay there
It's a million dollar outside job
Five-hundred thousand on it
American bitch? Hmm, nah, more flagrant
I finesse and shit
Drinkin' girls like Tour de France
Middle lane, that's a new chain
That's a rental thang, that's a real thang
I'm tellin' stories like David Blaine
Brangdang I'm so brrr'd out
Gucci Man bitch, I'm so sick
A-1, they chose smart
Open door bitch, I'm Wal-Mart
Come in and come check me out
BasedGod, yeah no change
I started out I'm BasedGod
They suck my dick on GP
It's all good, you can throw it up
You got new money, equity
Fuck around, we really stuntin'
I'm goin' dumb in the Lamborghini
You niggas got me fucked up
I'm always reppin' that based shit
I'm always reppin' that based shit
I'm untamed with the k-clip
Two p's, that's what I'm thinking about
Two p's and one c
Bitch play around, that's Lil B
Bitch, play around that's BasedGod
I beg to differ, that's Little Richard
With a bad girl looking like Shakira
???
???
I'mma peel a cap like ???
Two fades with the bowl cut
That's so violent, that's so petty
BasedWorld worth one billion
That's an estimate, bitch I'm so smart
I'll put you in a bag like

Oh my god I'm so fat!
I'm a fat bitch with money, nigga

I'm a pretty bitch, nigga, fuck you
If you got a problem, come see me
I'm damn near young Hugh Hefner
Bitch suck my dick with the lights on
I'm so proud, I'm so famous
Looked up bitch, three flights
Hundred k, bitch, good night
For real, hundred million, that's a good night
I'm BasedGod bitch, fo life
Ten rings, no championships
Ride ???
BasedGod, take a picture
Pretty bitch, that's a real nigga
Got problems, I go deal with 'em
Got drama, don't see 'em

[Outro]
You feel me?
You know I got that wood like Paul Bunyon, you feel me? That candle light the wood, you feel me? I'm talkin' about three, three sixty-five, new K. Got that nosebleed AK about fifty feet man. Fifty! BasedGod, what it do, you feel me? Like I said man, it's that Silent President mixtape

*coughs*

Let me cough. Let me cough cause I'm so sick, from the mo'fuckin' shit. Shouts out to the ladies and all the sexy girls, you feel me? Shouts out the the based boys that's listenin' to this, ridin' through in their cars. Fuckin' expensive whip or if you ridin' in that expensive shit. Fuck with it. You ridin' with your female, I see you. Silent President, you feel me?