[Verse 1]

I’m smoking on this reefa, fucking with the strippas
Ho make that ass clap, I’m coming for your tippas
Bitch I need you to fuck my nigga on pillas
I’m a drug dealer ho, I’m coming forealla
The thrilla vanilla, I stay beatin' my strippers
She was up on the dance floor, now she on the asphalt
Bitch go ahead and shake your money maker
Beat my bitch for the paper, in the club she my neighbor
Bitch shake your ass harder,like you ridin' in that Charger
I’m gon see you tomorrow, shake your ass for the cash
Bitch get down low, bitch get down low
Bitch get down low, bitch get down low
Man these real hoes make it click click in the club
I’m talkin money off the ground, takin 50 in them dubs
You can call me a scrub but I’m all about my cake
I’mma beat the ho ass, they be goin Ricki Lake

[Hook]

I’mma beat my ho,(Woop!) I’mma beat my ho (Woop, Woop!)
I’mma beat my ho,(Woop!) I’mma beat my ho (Daamn!)
I’mma beat my ho,(Swag!) I’mma beat my ho (Swag, Swag!)
I’mma beat my ho,(Swag) I’mma beat my ho (Woop!)
I’mma beat my ho,(woop, BasedGod!) I’mma beat my ho (Damn!)
I’mma beat my ho,(Woop, Woop!) I’mma beat my ho (Damn! BasedGod!!)

[Verse 2]

Bitch on that skirt, gon' head go twerk
This just like work, this just like work
Aye gon' lift up your skirt, bitch just like to flirt
I’mma beat the rich ho, I’mma beat the broke ho
Don’t know? Now you know
Face full of that smoke
Make a ho go broke, shakin ass to the floor
Like them Memphis hoes, bitch I want that fade
Shakin ass on me, throwin cash on me
Bitch call me T-Pain, beat the bitch on the plane
Twerkin' ass all day, bitch I hate The Game
Bitch I know Lil Wayne, take the ho down low
I know the based god, how low can you go?
Can you clap those cheeks? Bring it down on me
Gotta beat my bitch, club night – we gon eat
Bitch I know you a freak
Twerk it all on me
Ass shakin, don’t stop
I keep it live on the streets, bitch

[Hook]

I’mma beat my ho,(Woop!) I’mma beat my ho (Woop, Woop!)
I’mma beat my ho,(Woop!) I’mma beat my ho (Daamn!)
I’mma beat my ho,(Swag!) I’mma beat my ho (Swag, Swag!)
I’mma beat my ho,(Swag) I’mma beat my ho (Woop!)
I’mma beat my ho,(woop, BasedGod!) I’mma beat my ho (Damn!)
I’mma beat my ho,(Woop, Woop!) I’mma beat my ho (Damn! BasedGod!!)