[Intro: Lil B]
BasedGod, BasedGod in this bitch!
Uh, Yeah! Shouts out to Pretty Boys, S.O.D., nigga. Hundred million, nigga! BasedGod, nigga! Uh! Based Freestyle! Shouts out to down south!
Goddamn!

[Verse 1: Lil B]
Goddamn, I'm rich, I'm a bitch, I don't give a fuck
Thirty on my dick with a bitch and she suck me up
All my niggas go dumb in this motherfucker
All my niggas swagged up in this motherfucker
All my niggas go fucking dumb in this motherfucker
Bitches suck my dick, we be dumb in this motherfucker
West Side niggas get krunk in this motherfucker
East Side niggas get krunk in this motherfucker
All my bitches suck my dick cause they nasty
Hundred thousand dollars, man, them bitches walk past it
Slap a bitch dead in the face with the money
I don't want domestic violence, I'm not a pilot
I be so high on my island
Yes I am stylin'; BasedGod is wylin'
No MTV, got them cannons I am wylin'
I got a [?]; load me in, and I'm loading up
Loading, [?], boating, I'm blowing on that bitch
And I'm loading on her tits, she be eating on me
I'm like, "Damn, why you eating on me?"
She said, "Damn, you're so good, you're like food to me"
I said, "Bitch, you can suck my dick, Bitch, you can paint that [?]
Bitch, hundred thousand percent; bitch, I am 100% tint"
All my motherfucking windows; thirty on my dick
Got twenty-eight hoes on my motherfucking dick

[Verse 2: Lil B]
Woo! Goddamn!
Bitches on my dick and them bitches go H.A.M
God-fucking-damn, man, I'm so fucking based, man
Hundred million thousand dollar nigga in space
Man, them bitches go H.A.M., these bitches go dumb
And we in this motherfucker and we krunk and smoke blunts, nigga
AMR, nigga; XLR, in the CLR, in the drivers in my car, man
Hundred million dollars, man, them hoes blowing dick, bruh
All day, man; them bitches sick, bruh, it's a
Hit, nigga; history, in this bitch she into me
I'm blowing over to [?] to smoke that dro, with my ho, I smoke that ho
Break that bitch down on the bedroom
That bitch know what the fuck is up; we come in and we're going to fuck
Hundred million dollars and she know what's up; man that bitch suck my neck, man, the bitch suck my nuts
I don't give a fuck how that bitch look good, man; she gon' suck my nuts, man, she gon' blow me up
Blow me up like a motherfucking bomb, bitch
Hundred thousand, man, man, you know it's -- the time, bitch
All day, man, we on the motherfucking grind, bitch
What the fuck we say? Pretty Boys is on our mind, bitch
Money on our mind, bitch; hoes is on my dick, nigga
All day, man, I'm repping shit because I'm sick, nigga
Iller than [?], I'm in here to kill her
I'm like a fucking killer; Willow Smith, bitch, I'll kill her

[Verse 3: Lil B]
Because it's Men in fucking Black, nigga
Gooned up, bitch, coming straight with the rap, nigga
Hundred million dollars, BasedGod is fucking back, nigga
Hundred million dollars, Basedworld is on the map, nigga
Put my bitch on, I'mma fuck her like a crack head
Hundred million dollars, man, we're going like the [?]
I am smacking, I am rapping
I am cracking, cracking, ha-ha
Tell you're bitch "Ha-ha;" she's blowing on my [?]
Blowing on my nuts-ah, [?], [?]
Told her that I'm swa-ah, Swanson, Bronson
I am on the Broncos, I ram her, flame her
Jam her, cam her, goddamn, she's Cam now
Can her, ram her, goddamn, she's Sam now
Sam'ed her, clam'ed her, yam'ed her, go to hell
Sit down, suck my dick, bitch you will go to hell
If you don't, I don't give a fuck; I am not broke, I will fuck you
And your squad, bitch; I will fuck her and her motherfucking cousin
We're going up, blowing blunts in; we're going up, going eighteen
We're going up, going made me; we're going up, going crazy
We're going up, going AWOL, eight [?] and eight grapes
I'm blowing up in that grape-grape like "Goddamn, nigga eight face, nigga"
Eight to the face nigga, huh, nigga, wah, wah
I'm going pound to the face, wah, bitch out there
She suck my dick and that's all she could do, nigga