[Sample]
It came back [?]
You sounding like this shit is the wheel or something. Like it's gonna change the world
Look man I don't know about all that change-the-world shit, but what I do know is that they be going crazy over this man. I'm tellin' you

[Intro]
You know God bless everybody that's dealing with this bullshit. In the hood we surrounded by drugs all day

[Verse]
Battle for the number one high, so dirty
It's been stolen, eyes can't focus
I'm on my own supply, no money I won't make it
The cops will take it
I'm on bikes, nights is cold
I'm selling off rocks older than me
Niggas collecting stones
Dope fiends on the block like Spencer Prat
Spend a hundred on them stones
You don't know about the life that I live
I'm paranoid plus I'm higher than ever
Selling off to whoever
It bounced back like you playing with Flubber
I can't wait just to say we together
Put my life on the line
Literally my phone tapped like water
And I still won't talk to my father
I don't know I guess I'm cursed, I'm black
The curse makes me the best
I had to look in the treasure chest, find a pot of gold
No really was a pot of dope
Yeah [?] our dreams and the days is, yeah
They so beautiful
But you bet our last one
Momma work hard like a slave, no farmer
Came back
Be the last time I'm selling off dope
In a coma, waking up and I know it

[Interlude]
Please get this away
Get these drugs out of our community

[Verse 2]
Heavy the package weigh more than the cat
I'm still falling on the task at hand
Sicker than AIDS
Walking dead man with drugs in my pocket
Won't second guess this gun or this rocket
Hired enforcements
Same dudes killing enforcement
Working for the money
Devilish extortion
I'm old school
I always move with honor
But no honor selling dope to your partners
Karma's a bitch
Check it, really
They came back with the hand cuffs and bench warrants
Taking everyone from my block and in that office
Some people got 20 to life
Other people couldn't say goodnight
We all fighting for the wrong reasons
Money ain't real and drugs is hallucinogens
Sometimes we win, sometimes we loss
No win when you paying a boss
And fronting everything for the cost
I'm looking for that growth, you feel me
Carribean trips until I stop selling the dope
My karma exists even as this
It came back even as this
Always know that that karma exists

[Outro]
Lil B. So before you go selling them drugs
Just know you selling that to somebody's family. Their uncle. You know I had family members that was the users. You was selling to my motherfucking uncles, my aunties. You know what I mean. So before you sell that dope, make sure you know. Support the community. Put them drugs down. Go live your life. No, don't nobody gotta tell you how you could live. Live your life but just try to live the best way you can. It's Lil B. Illusions of Grandeur mixtape