[Intro: Lil B & Lisa Vitale]
Baby, know that I come..
I know you go first, man
I know you come first, so it's all good
I hear you girl
Hittin' that like
I'm playin', I'm playin', I'm playin'

[Verse 1: Lisa Vitale]
I'm drinkin' gasoline in my sleep
Schizophrenic but I pass as unique
How the fuck did this happen?
All of a sudden we crackin'
I'll be that wolf, your favorite artist a sheep
I'm terror, bitch I'm frightening
Put superglue on my eyelid
Even ISIS wanna be like this

[Chorus: Lisa Vitale]
Baby, know that I come first, first, first
Baby, know that I come first, I come first, I come first
Baby, know that I come first, first, first
Baby, know that I come first
Hold up, is that my Father?

[Verse 2: Father & Lisa]
Yeah, yeah, trappin' out the house phone
Your boy, she got her mouth on (no way)
Swear she a wiccan
Playin' with her crystals
While I'm playin with these chickens
Playin' with her crystals (okay)
While I'm playin with my pistol
Game on lock like I'm playin' with a missile (terror)
Heartthrob, I'm a real heatseeker
Grindhouse, double feature
Now you watchin' from the bleachers
Phone on vibrate, she on my face, I got a court date
Ayy, missed my court date, fuck my PO
Bet I hit the weed, though (oh shit)
Still got the Motorola, still got the clean dope
Serve it through the screen door
I just want it real, real, she just wanna feel still
Wonderin' if she'll come first

[Chorus: Lisa Vitale & Lil B]
Baby, know that I come first, first, first
Baby, know that I come first, I come first, I come first
Baby, know that I come first, first, first
Baby, know that I come first, I come first
Yeah man, it's your boy, Lil B
Splash!

[Verse 3: Lil B & Lisa Vitale]
Dear Father, Holy Spirit
Thank you, BasedGod
You can come first if you want to (alright)
You already know I'm not like other dudes (I know)
I'll take you shoppin', do your nails and throw you in the pool
You can have fun if you want to
I can tell that all your friends like me
You already know that I'm icy
I'm from the Bay where we all get hyphy
Watch out cause I might snatch your wifey
We can go out if you want to (Rodeo)
Tell your boyfriend you're not in the mood (fuck me)
Keep askin' all these questions, doin' interviews (interviews)
You already know that I want you (I want you)
So why you actin' like that? (Why?)
And you never even called back (called back)
Ey, I'm finna just fall back (fall back)
I'm playin', I'm playin', I'm playin'

[Chorus: Lisa Vitale & Lil B]
Baby, know that I come first, first, first
(You feel me? Yeah, I feel you, I feel that)
Baby, know that I come first, I come first, I come first
(I hear you, girl)
Baby, know that I come first, first, first
(I know you go first, man
I know you come first, so it's all good)
Baby, know that I come first, I come first, I come first
(I got you, I'll be right behind you, you feel me?)

[Outro: Lil B & Lisa Vitale]
Hittin' that like I'm playin', I'm playin', I'm playin', haha
Feel me?
You could go before me or... after... or...
No, I'll be after you 'cause you're goin' before me 'cause you go first, so...
Come