[Intro]
I don't know how I could think in this battlefield that we livin' in
I'ma stay strong, though
I need y'all to vote for Lil B always, vote for the BasedGod, push him to the top
BasedGod!
I need you, we takin' over

[Verse]
I sold crack out the window like Jack in the Box
I got the Gat stash, MAC stash, black in the box
It's like when I rap, nigga, I'm outta the block
But best believe bitch, I'm never off of my block
It's the best thing for me to settle my rocks
I'm like beggin' pedals to stop, I keep on goin', I keep flowin'
Nigga I'm gon' keep on showin' that you can't fuck with me, the [?] drive foreign
If I come at you, it's a luxury I made you famous
You asked me who I am? You must be heinous
After I rap, you won't even know what your name is
But nigga, if you ask me, I prefer you as nameless
The rap shit come quick, make me think that you brainless
You just deranged and crazy, another soul lookin' for a friend
You see a friend in me? You get Gat'd again
And the type of bullets that make friction and wind
And the friction between me and you, I thought we was kin
[?] correct, bitch
That means I'm connected to your spine, regroupin' your neck bitch
Hopefully when I [?] bitch, the sun gets you flex bitch
I'm in another category, separate from the rest, bitch
My words scramble like Scattergorie
Cover myself as one of the best
[?]
Adjust my options, never stoppin'
It's overdue if I'm goin' slow with you
My flows is compressed like Ziploc bags
Ammo hangin' over my shoulder like Rambo
Bustin' out ammo, you niggas holdin' your position
I'm a first-class rapper, I send ya first class in the new state faster
Than American Airlines move terrain, you bastards
Four-by-four on you niggas, run over you faster
Than a nigga on the train tracks, he askin' for death
It's comin', faster than ever
Nigga, my average in blastin' is like my average in battlin'
2 and 0, gettin' homeruns, tag team you bastards
Hit me with bullets, relax [?]
Hot cone, touch your neck, pistol get in your kidneys
I can't help it, I'm written, can't help the feedback
For all the songs I've been gettin', financial aid is included
'Cause I'm new to you bitches
And don't forget it when I'm say I'm, shit maybe
It's true man, forget it
All the words that I rap, pronounced right either
All the flows that I spit, suckers [?]
They hit 'em with [?]
You women know I be spittin' okay
And them bitch niggas I be roastin' they brains
(Brains, brains, brains, brains)