[Hook x2]
You know I want the pussy, bitch (Woo!)
You know I want the pussy, bitch (Damn!)
You know I'm gonna fuck you, bitch (BasedGod!)
You know I'm gonna fuck you, bitch (MMMMM!)
You know I want some pussy, bitch (MMMMM!)
You know I want some pussy, bitch (Damn!)
You know I'm gonna fuck you, bitch (BasedGod!)
You know I'm gonna fuck you, bitch (UNGH!)
I'ma break your back, bitch (Damn!)
I'ma break your back, bitch (BasedGod!)
I'ma break your back, bitch (AAAAAHH!)
I'ma break your back, bitch (AAAAHH Damn!)
Dig Deep (x8)

[Verse 1]
Still got bitches
Task can't hold me
Jays can't hold me
Never been phony
I'ma fuck my main bitch
Twenty condoms on me
Popped a Viagra
I'ma break the bitch back
I'ma hit a home run
Strapped with that forty
Look at me, bitch
I look like James Tony
Thirty bitches on me
Add another forty
That's like seventy
I look like Wayne Gretzky

[Interlude 1]
That bitch on my dick, bro
Oh! Toodey-loo! Bitches on my dick! Haha, cool!
Now Lil B, this is yo inner, inner inner. Yeah, yo Bitch Mob partner, Task Force representer. You better fuck that bitch and you better quit being scared. Imma tell you like this boy: Put that pink bandana on your goddamn head and fuck that bitch!
OK?!
And if you ain't gonna go fuck the bitch, then go pass 'em to Lil B, OK? Cause you know who -- you know what? You know what? Imma tell Lil B on you cause that's not your bitch anyway. Can't nobody fuck the BasedGod's bitch!

[Verse 2]
Laced up, bossed up
Swagged up, that's me
That's me in that Bentley
Front seat, fuck me
Bitch thinking about fucking me (Fuck me!)
Probably gonna fall in love with me (Fuck me!)
Pulled out that Mossberg
I'm looking like an actor
I'll show you who's the rapper (Fuck me!)
I'm fucking girls like an actor
Fifty shows, I'm an actor
A hundred grand show, that's after
Fucking bitches in the ass, whodie
I'ma show you about the ho, whodie
Five bitches and some dro, whodie
A hundred bitches because I'm BasedGod

[Verse 3]
Everybody bitch know I'ma fuck her like husband
Young BasedGod fucked a ho, so trust me
Twenty-five bitches because I look like Rex Grossman
Armstrong BasedGod, four-wheel motion
Bitch kiss my ass because I dress like a genius
Look like Jesus, swag be on the remix
Bitch I look the cleanest, thugging and you see it
Fifty grand show and I'm not T.V
Hundred grand show because my price not easy
Bitch suck my dick because my swag on 3D
Young BasedGod got game like E-40
Twenty-six bitches and they call me Hulk Hogan
Flexing with that thirty, I look like a Roman
Hundred grand show and I still dress homeless
New Bentley coupe, I'ma show you who's homeless
Fucked her in the mouth, bitch, you are now my homie

[Interlude 2]
BasedGod!
Now I want to tell you this: you did a great job. Now, there are some women in Task Force. Respect all women, remember this. Any bitch that wants to be fucked, she wants to be fucked, OK?
So, make sure you keep it positive, but like I said, for the Task Force Bitch Mob, OK? You go dancing, you fuck that bitch. You fuck her, OK? We only got one life to live, you hear me?
You come here, soldier, you come here! Don't make me grab you by the neck. I want you -- you come here. You -- yeah, you! This is the Task Force, this is not no regular, regular shit, OK? You're gonna fuck that bitch!
OK?
And, uh -- ha, oh, you think you just can come in here and, uh, come into the Task Force and not protect Lil B and not protect BasedWorld? You must be kidding! Take away these bitches; he don't deserve them!

[Hook]