I want everything

I lost my everything I swear
I'm sittin' by the stairs, blank stairs
It seems my weight's scared...maybe a little scarce
The hunger in my body is something fierce
Everything I want is far from anything that's near
My brain's clear, major work...still to this day I have to learn
Pushin' myself to be more than just a perm
On your head, maybe in your frontal.(yesss)
I run because I'm cunning...stop em' with the power
I work for everything so I'm moving every hour
To be a leader, you can't be a coward
Had to learn you can't live expecting flowers

I want everything

I seen the sky sparkle bright
I'm thinkin' life and everything between tonight
I'm livin' bright...and I'm black so I mix it right
I'm always thinking damn: Who's fixing life?
Maybe the quicker gets it twice
If you slick...do you roll the dice?
If you hot...would you hold the ice?
I'm paying debt so I'm owing twice
Don't teach it in school...(pshh)...I be mad at em'
Wanna teach me about Dr. Suess but won't teach me about the credit cards and men in suits
Talking about the government...with the wizard suits
Anything you feel...they will just dispute
I thought about the other day:W ho would send a nuke
If we are humans...then why are we separating groups?
Send em' overseas and you don't wanna pay the troops?
I'mma have to renovate...imma have to raise the roof
Everything I think...(shhh)...is byzant proof
Represent the true youth within the snaggletooth
Represent the old heads with the good spirit
I would like to thank BasedGod for the beat clearance
Without BasedLord...who could ever see this vision?
It's like a video game but you could never see the mission
I need assistance...I want everything

I want...everything

So as I leave my mental note on this art...
Everything is a simple quote
Simple hope...won't get me far enough
I need to go, I need to grow, travel the world and receive the gold
This hurl fresh...and the trees is old
Everything on the ground could repeat itself
I wanna live life to the fullest...
Now think about: Does anybody have a bullet?
Because life nowadays someone bound to pull it
Because the stress at they(their) job like a thousand bullets
And they try to keep they(their) house...that's a thousand more
Cash loans don't care about them(those) kind of scores
It's sad because we base life around credit scores
And in the hood the environment is liquor stores
Near the water and the bridge take you to a jail
I guess it's really life when you sleep in hell
Say the mind of the homeless as I'm living well
Or the best that I could...I guess I'm feeling swell
Everything in the past made me excel
He said B: I could see what you couldn't tell
I walk along the sea too...and I be alone as well
Nobody really seen what was wrong...as well
I look in the mirror and I can see that my heart is ill
And if you listen to my words you can learn the skill
I listen to him...I can tell that his words is real
Music quotes...strategize for-real
I wonder if life is just a little piece of the pie to eat
I want a full table where everyone around: unique

I want everything

(yessssss)