[Hook]
Niggas ain't gon get no fuckin' extras off me
I can tell you who the fuck that I be
Ain't no bitch gon child support me (Unh!)
Ain't no nigga gon manipulate me (Nah!)
Fuck what you heard, I'm rollin' one deep
Niggas playin' games, them niggas goin' to sleep (Yeah)
Ain't no nigga gettin' extras off me
Ain't no bitch drive a Lexus off me

[Verse 1]
They jealous of my swag
Every time I swim, my dough got thirty in my bag (Figaro!)
Niggas so jealous that I still own that swag
Every time I remix, got thirty in that bag
Fuckin' twenty bitches nigga, and then I remix that swag
Fuck what you heard, I swang that door, that bitch crack (Crack)
These hoes talkin' shit but ain't never had no sag
Everybody know, nigga I'mma remix that crack
Runnin' up that check, I... (oof) I hurt my back (BasedGod!)
These niggas swing my dough, that bitch gettin' slapped
At West and Martin nigga, I'm tryna remix the trap
Pick apartments, New York, where you at? (BasedGod!)
I might sell Jerry (yeah) but I never sold black (Sold crack)
Who the hell called you the king of the trap? (BasedGod!)
Every time I swing my dope, these bitches comin' back
Thank you BasedGod, he fucked my bitch and... the trap (Figaro!)

[Bridge]
BasedGod!
We really goin' hard out here, you feel me?
Understand this man, Lil B, I'm on that extra, you feel me?
Niggas be talkin', but do they really be talkin'?
Like I said man, Lil B man, I really do this
Thank you BasedGod, you niggas really playin', you dig?
Now shout out to all the beautiful ladies

[Verse 2]
I got a lot of issues, I can't ignore 'em
I got a lot of bitches, I pay for 'em (For 'em)
I know a lot of niggas, and I ain't gon warn 'em
I'm really bout that extra, but I ain't gon warn 'em (Figaro!)
Back-doorin' niggas, I do it, no warning
Turn the music up (turn the music up) no warning
Nigga playin' once, that's a motherfuckin' warning
I'm really bout that extra, I'm hybrid California
Niggas still hatin', they don't know who I am
I'mma remix that, but I don't know about them
Next nigga play, fuck it, I'mma do ten
Next nigga play, fuck it, I don't love them! (Why?)
Understand me nigga, you fuckin' with the bitch!
Bitch Mob nigga, Taskforce is my click
Bitch Mob nigga, Taskforce, I'm a bitch
Woop! Woop! Woop! Woop! (Fuck 'em!)
When I lost my shit, I got back all my shit (Everything!)
I know the hard hitta, that's a real nigga
Windshield went down, that's a real ass nigga
That's 100 nigga, for real I fuck with you!
Shout out to Peanut, Richmond in the building (Richmond where you at?)
Oakland in the building, Vallejo in the building
Nigga playin' with me, I been lost all my feeling
Nigga playin' with me... ah! BasedGod! Figaro!

[Hook]
Niggas ain't gon get no fuckin' extras off me
I can tell you who the fuck that I be
Ain't no bitch gon child support me (Unh!)
Ain't no nigga gon manipulate me (Nah!)
Fuck what you heard, I'm rollin' one deep
Niggas playin' games, them niggas goin' to sleep (You dig?)
Ain't no nigga gettin' extras off me
Ain't no bitch drive a Lexus off me