[Intro]
Ey man, I'mma tell it like this, man
I don't give a fuck how much time you done did
How many niggas you done shot, you done rob
You still ain't a real nigga
That's an honor

[Verse 1]
Niggas don't live by the g code, we know
Claiming real nigga but he cold like the sea slope
Charge it to the game, but you niggas playing with me
Look me in my eyes, a real nigga facing 50
20 facing 30, riding 'round dirty
Got a shotgun and double pump like James Worthy
You got the heater, I'm still repping Berkeley
Niggas don't love me, bitches don't love me
Went to the hood with four 5's and I'm huntin'
Finna aim for your head and I'm bustin' like I'm nuttin'
Young nigga, ain't no discussion
Pain up in my eyes, every day I'm out hustlin'
Came upon a zipper, lil bro had to bust it
Give him a concussion, if he played me I'mma bust him
I'm the type of head that do dirt by myself
I'm a short nigga, I don't need nobody else
Thinking I'm a nerd, I got the 9 upon the shelf
Only goon nigga in these 31 jeans, slim fit
Stay sick like disease
Breaking in they house I can still remember screams
Tell me I'm the one, everything ain't what it seems
Smile on my face, infrared with the beam
30 round clips same color as my jeans
My gun like oranges, can't wait to hear it squeeze
Seen haters bleed, this the end of my revenge
Niggas I grew up with, can't call them friends
Text 'em for the address and you ain't even chunk 'em
Thought you had my back, just another nigga bluffing
No respect niggas, shit... Fuck 'em
If you ain't gon' ride I suggest you leave here
If you ain't gon' ride I suggest you leave there
Niggas don't believe in shit, can't compare
Niggas walk up in the church praying on his kness
Hurt my heart to see real niggas turning fiends
Given due time he'll be sniffing what he needs
The game cheated...
Fuck these niggas

[Outro]
(Fuck 'em, fuck'em)
(Real talk, fuck 'em)
Let me tell you like this bruh
You niggas ain't real
And I'm saying you niggas, cause...
A real nigga used to be an honor, you feel me?
Being a real nigga used to be an honorable thing, you feel me?
(Real niggas, yeah real niggas)
Now you suckas done got the word all fucked up
Thinking how many niggas you done rob
How many times you done went to jail
How many niggas you done fought, nigga
You ain't no real nigga bruh
Being a real nigga is being me, you feel me?
(Niggas ain't real)
Being able to live that life
And come out of that life
And then teach what's right
(Niggas playin' with me)
You bitch ass niggas turning on me?
Fuck you too nigga
You told me to suck yo dick, nigga?
You can suck my dick too, bitch
That's straight-up, nigga
I'm by myself and I love it, you feel me?
That's how you feel nigga, that's how you feel
You know what I mean?
(And you hurt my feelings too, bitch)
I'mma tell you like this man
Niggas dropping like flies
Bitches dropping like flies
Only the real survive
(Real nigga facing 30)
I'm based for life, nigga
(Facing 20)
Only the based survive, man
(Niggas facing 50)
Lil B, nigga
Red Flame Devil Music, nigga
(Real niggas facing 30)
Pain's in my heart, bitch
(Niggas facing 20)
I'm still mad about some shit you son of a bitch
(Dude's got 75 years and they ain't even on Earth)
(You better take advantage of you living, motherfucker)