[Intro: Lil B + Chance The Rapper]
Welcome back to the March of Dimes and the times man
You got your boy Lil B in the house, Chance The Rapper (IGH!)
Keepin' it amazing, keepin' it blazin' (Yes sir)
From the streets, so unique
Do you feel it in your feet? In your head?
To the tip of your toes, that's just the tip of the iceberg, tell 'em

[Verse 1: Lil B + Chance The Rapper]
That's the tip of the iceberg
Cause all these nerds, they ain't got enough slurs
Enough words to come fuck with us
We be under the covers and stuck with us
No, no homo though
We be rockin' off the top man these bitches low
I'mma tell these motherfuckers "I am the shit"
I'mma tell these punk bitches "Get off my dick" (Right?)
First mixtape, not a mistake
Not a diss tape, tryna escape
I was stuck in a band, he was stuck in a pack
We was rappin' about bands, got hella fans
And they understood that peace of the world is more important
You know that the shit that we recordin' don't ever been written
We the greatest like Jordan, if he was a twin, Rivers of Jordan
Passes to Jordan cause Chance is the best out
I'mma show y'all niggas how me and my check mount
Fuck the check mount
But I'mma let my checks mount to the top, you know we ain't stressed out
Never smoked or stressed now
Get the stress up to mouth, we too blessed
Light up the blunt
And we gon' put this motherfucker purp to your chest, Chance what's up?
And I'm what's up, what's up?
Comin' through buss up, what's up, what's up?
What's next? What's nuts?
Me I go nuts, I focus on whatever I want up
And when it comes out it's so mystical
Super physical, like the education in the gym class
I been passed all the classes they been gassed
They been tellin' me I need a gas mask just to rap as fast
As Eminem back in '96 (Woo)
Who you think you're rhyming with?
You don't got a mixtape with Lil B
This off the top bro, I can't stop bro
(No, you gotta go)
I can't stop, who got a mixtape with Lil B? Chance do
That's cause Chance is real
I'mma tell all y'all motherfuckers how I feel
We love y'all to F man, for real
That started with the F man, we love y'all to the F for real
We keepin' this game so strong man, just watchin' the lanes
From hoppin' on lanes, we got a lot of love
Shout out to Kendrick Lamar too man, that's the family
Keep it goin' what's up? Keep it goin' what's up?
We got a lot of love and a lot of drugs, but we keep it goin' man, but we keep a lot of, keep a lot of us, it's all us, it's all us, one time

[Interlude: Chance The Rapper + Lil B]
Hey B, tell 'em, tell 'em to extend the beat bro cause we got a lot of knowledge (One time, one time)
Yo extend that beat man cause we got a lot of knowledge to say  (Copy it over)

[Verse 2: Chance The Rapper]
They talkin' about we got it, we got it, engineers
You see the drive in these cars, ain't no engine here
I've been on the reservation, ain't no Indians here
They been callin' us niggas and hella ninjas here
But they don't understand, I throw a star across the River of Jordan
Yeah, I'm going back to rhymin' with Jordan cause that shits so important
I be feelin' like foreign bitches ain't enough for me
So I be comin' through, I know the life is tough for me
When God give me hella devils and is stuffin' me
I understand that it's just complete as a task
As a test that I gotta get through
When I'm comin off the top, you know I gotta spit glue

[Interlude 2: Lil B + Chance The Rapper]
We just spittin' knowledge man like I said man
It's your boy Lil B, in here with Chance, Chance The Rapper, Chance The Legend (IGH!)
But we keep it goin' man, real smooth man, get your fur coats, get your Cadillac, get your Toyota, get your Honda, get your Bentley, get your Rolls Royce, Mercedes-Benz or a BMW, maybe even a Buick or Ford, whatever you can afford, we all live with the Lord
Like I said man it's all good man, this come from a blessin' up top
We can't stop man, how you doin' today Chance?
Man, you know I'm feelin' superb right now
You know, I'm still at church on sunday reading the word right now
You know, praying to the good Lord right now
It's not a joke, I gotta shout out everybody though real quick cause we gotta
Can I shout out, can I shout out Chatham, just real quick? West Chatham specifically
Can I shout out that Harold's on 87 real quick? Can I shout out Chicago public libraries? Can I shout out the shorties? Can I shout out squad? Can I shout Tribe? Can I shout out uh, can I shout out family? You feel me? Cause I, I, I feel like there's a lot of knowledge
Can I tell them something?
I wanted to let everybody know that as long as you understand God world, Man world could never hurt you, do you understand?
Like it could never hurt you, you could be in after curfew, you feel me?
You could have a growth spurt too, you could have, do you feel me?
You get older, but it's still gon' have to be a point where you reach a quota, that's you know, that desire at the end of every month
So while you sparkin' that blunt to this base tape, I want you to understand, we love you for real (We love you man)
Like I said base freestyle with Chance, we just takin' chances, this our last chance, you feel me?
But we ain't gon' stop, like I said, like Chance said, like Lil B said, shout out to all the family
Keith Jenkins what's up? I see you
Lloyd what's up? Uno what's up?
Eh everybody in the building man, like I said we keepin' it moving
It's your boy Lil B, I'm just groovin', you feel me?
Mac Maine what's up? L'il Wayne what's up? Kendrick what's up?
Hey Thundercat I see you hittin' that bass, you feel me?
Hey man Jay Electronica what's up man? Mos Def I see you
A$AP Rocky, what it do?
A lot of people showin' love man, you feel me?
One time for the one time, one time for the one time
One love baby
And that's for real for real for real, for real
That's the truth, Ruth
Get it, and check it and intercept it and don't forget it
Don't drop it, just lock it, hold it on, don't stop it, cop it and then
You know what I'm saying? Let somebody else use it, you feel me?
Cause everything is free out here, we definitely free, free
We goin' for free man, it's all love cause we got love for you man
We the number one unsigned artists out here man, out here livin' man, you feel me?
Real political, real movin', you feel me? It's a real movement
Like I said we takin' a chance, it's our last chance
Lil B, Chance, let's get it
A Declaration of Independence