[Hook: Vic Mensa]
What ever happened to free love?
I wanna know, wanna know
I wanna know, wanna know

[Verse 1: Vic Mensa]
I don't wanna wait too long
'Til I'm wrinkling and my body aching
And the newspapers move on
My freedom has no expiration
Is it too late for the world?
Living in the 21st century
We don’t need diamonds and pearls
No, free love is not a luxury
Oh, you can fuck who you wanna fuck
You can love who you wanna love
If you're proud put your lighters up
Then can't fight this flame we're burning

[Hook: Vic Mensa]
What ever happened to free love?
I wanna know, wanna know
What ever happened to free love?
What’s a world where you need love to control?
What ever happened to free love?

[Verse 2: Vic Mensa]
I guess love ain’t free, there's a fee, they cut your paycheck
It’s a free country, that's unless you love the same sex
To people with no place to stay, I hope you stay blessed
You ain't gotta flex that you straight, long as you straight flex
North Carolina go on and raise up
Take your shirt off, wave it at your haters
Same judge to vote against the trans bathrooms
Got some skeletons in the closet of his own bedroom
Tried to kill Bill Clinton for that Monica Lewinsky shit
But let’s be honest, nobody out here really innocent
But lesbi-honest put parallel with Jeffrey Dahmer
Eating people, eating pussy, there's a difference, your honor
Who died and crowned you king to judge the way I do things?
Marry your middle finger, nigga, fuck your diamond ring
Bada-boom-bada-bing, you gotta love your family doggy
Let that man sing some soprano Pauley
Let that boy rock a dress, y'all niggas don't know how to dress
It ain't your place for an opinion, you should be opinion-less
So what's the ruckus 'bout who you love, I give an F
It’s the R-O-C-Ave Money with the S

[Hook: Vic Mensa]
What ever happened to free love?
I wanna know, wanna know
What ever happened to free love?
What’s a world where you need love to control?
What ever happened to free love?

[Verse 3: Le1f]
You already know, we got such a long way to go
Tell me, what you waiting for? If you're a hater, you's a hoe
So respect my existence, if not expect my resistance
Nobody needs your permission, stop lettin' bodies hit the floor
Flow is so loco, similar to how they hate on the cocoa
All in it like Yoko
If you wanna be featured don't be status quo, bro
Throwing shade on love is crazy wild
Who made you the one to judge and put my life on trial?

[Verse 4: Halsey]
I got three million kids and they're crying on my shoulders
The whole wide world covers their ears to the sound
Go and fly your kids first class down to Disney
But ignore that you're walkin' on a burial ground
You’d rather wrap your son’s hands 'round the trigger of a pistol
Than catch him in the mirror with a motherfucking lipstick
Crazy white girls say they tryna free the nipple
But they quiet when somebody pulls a gun on a misfit

[Bridge: Halsey]
Whatever happened to free love, free love?

[Hook: Vic Mensa]
Whatever happened to free love, free love?
What's a world where you need love to control?
Whatever happened to free love?

[Verse 5: Lil B]
You gotta move to Boston, Massachusetts
They legally recognize same-sex marriage
Civil union ain't really civil
Nope, you tryna keep it Karen Civil
But really I'm too dopeboy
HotNewHipHop, Underground On Smash
California, we gotta do better than domestic
Partnerships, they don't got the same benefits
It's 2016, the Constitution
The laws, the tones of the people, what are we doin'?
California, let's spread love, not hate
I'm not perfect, but I feel great, let's go
If you say that I'm not giving you enough [?]
You need to go check out [?]
If they try to make you feel bad
From the get-go, don't believe 'em cause you special

[Bridge: Vic Mensa]
Oh, you can fuck who you wanna fuck
You can love who you wanna love
If you’re proud put your lighters up
Then can’t fight this flame we’re burning

[Outro: Lil B + Malik Yusef]
Yeah, hey, I guarantee it if you see it
And you stop being mean to people you believe it
Stop blaming everybody just for one mistake
Because that's called hate
Lil B, yeah!
Ay, SAVEMONEY man!
Vic I see you!
Basedworld!
It's the Roc!
Go! Go! Go! Go! Go!
It's Lil B, ay!
Basedworld!
Live your life, man
If you don't like gay marriage, then nigga don't get gay married!