[Intro]
Berkeley, California, welcome back!
Let's get it, Lil B!
Most people are divided up
You know, just had to do this for the...
For the people and the love
You know, if you don't know who I am by now
My name is Lil B, shouts out to the world
Check me out!

[Verse 1]
Most people are divided up like it's Apartheid
I'm sleeping where the sharks lie
Never see the snake eyes unless you fucking with him
Always keep your distance
They won't have your back but listen to every sentence
Never speak a sentence, you in the BasedGod's vision
And if you walk with it then it's a good decision
Don't try to talk a lot, most people won't listen
You can't talk to yourself to see the whole damn vision
Lil B!

[Break]
One love, man
It's just game
I'm spitting game
Throw it back to the lanes

[Verse 2]
I'm stepping in the dragon's lair with smoke in my eyes
I'm not surprised, Hell on Earth, can't stop them guys
With death on their minds, you can't stop their rides
With drugs in the car with the eagle's eyes
Looking out for the cops and the needles, right?
Back then, they were watching and fiending like
In the hood, dope man serving Jesus, life
No loyalty, no respect, no honesty, honestly I'll move away
But niggas going to say that you never lived there
New kids on the block putting new bids there
New jails with new bids there
They waiting to put some new kids there
My nigga thought they'd never get theirs
Passed jail, fuck it, never lived there
I'm the rawest

[Break]
I'm spitting game
Let's get it, one live to live

[Verse 3]
Please tell me who's your boss
Cause I'ma tell them that their dude is lost
And you gonna front like you tripping of course
Of course I must be dumb, how I get this far?
I must be real wack, how I get this car?
Niggas wanna be famous, why he chin so hard?
Can't see through, it's like a soul
Metaphoric to the Earth, I turn anything to gold
You waited too long, dudes, your dreams is old
Better live now, it gonna free your soul
Better late than never, go collect my cheddar
Give my mom a few checks, gonna be straight
Forever. You ain't feeling me dog
My bank account was zero, you ain't feeling me dog
But I gotta be a role model if he wrote all above
Lil B, brand-da-dang, swag!

[Outro]
Let's get it
One life to live