[Intro]
(Smile! When you smile, everything's alright when you smile! Listen, baby!)
You feel me? A hustler's sunshine never stops, man
This Gold House shit, you fee --
Ay Keke! Ay, bitch, come, uh, bring my shit, you feel me?
You know what it do
Turn me up baby. Based-- Basedworld Studios, you feel me?
We never stop 'cause, they don't want to see us on top!
You feel me? Nigga, we never fuckin' stop!
Yeah

[Verse 1]
My girl had an abortion, changed the game
I'm not ready to be a dad; you niggas is playin'
But if you hit it raw, be prepared to fucked over
Some people sayin' "real love;" I call it love soldiers
I ain't locking down nobody; do what you want
Know you're life better than me, you feel me?
So when you make that choice, don't worry about it
'Cause life moves on; that's the scary thing about it
And I almost forgot: nigga, the second thing about it
Real love take time, plus you ain't dreaming about it
When a nigga dreaming that you thinking about it
Shit be on your mind, crazy sometimes
I got so many bills to pay it ain't even funny
My homeboy got mouths to feed; we all strugglin'
And we all need it and we all want it
And we don't crack -- Keep moving, homie
You feel me?

[Bridge]
(Smile! When you smile, everything's alright when you smile! Listen, baby!)
You feel me?
Niggas strugglin' from the bottom to the top!
You keep that head up, you feel me?
Gold House, Gold House!
From the bottom to the top
Lettin' you niggas know we don't stop

[Verse 2]
Just keep your smile, don't be a dead body walkin'
Save you face, don't frown one time to say your grace
Thank the Earth ... you feel me?
Uh, we here no matter what happen
And it's only one time to lose it all
They be mad at the world; I save them all
You feel me?
I be feeling like the hood priest
Niggas come to me for the spirit 'cause I see it clearly
Way before I hear it 'cause I rock it
This is how I live it
I don't live way beyond my means; I don't fake it
I'm just livin' in the world that's shady and crazy
Nobody got my back except family that love me
I don't need nobody help 'cause I'm riding 'em in public
But I keep a smile on, change the game, and I love it
You feel me?
Nigga play with me and get ugly
Keep that smile

[Outro]
(Smile! When you smile, everything's alright when you smile! Listen, baby!)
Gold House, Gold House mixtape!
Yeah, Yeah
We keep rockin' from the bottom to the top
Lettin' you niggas know it won't stop
Yeah, uh, yeah
Keep it -- from the bottom to the top
Lettin' you bitch niggas know it won't stop
Yeah