[Talking: Lil B]
Whoadie, what you talkin' 'bout?
I'm talkin' about that Green Flame!
I'm talkin' about that Green Flame!
Hey, I'mma tell you about these bitches, man. These girls be so crazy, man, I'm talking about, WHY?
Why do these bitches be acting like they don't want to fuck with you, you feel me? It's so crazy, bitch, it's like, man, I'mma tell you like this, bruh: These bitches do not be keeping that shit real, man
Bitch, you go shit
Bitch, you go pee
Bitch, you go burp
And bitch, you do all that
Bitch, we all got money
And ho, we know what you do, bitch. Don't try to hide it, bitch. Actually, you better go hide it cause I don't want to see it. Bitch, I need to make my mind up
Ah, Ah
It's that Green Flame, whoadie!
Like I said, man, shouts out to Lil B, shouts out to Bitch Mob, shouts out to The Bitch, shouts out to The Based God, but His name is too rare for me to even speak sometimes, and, like, how I'm speakin', like, right now, I don't know if I deserve it, but
I'mma tell you what the fuck I mean, whoadie!
When I say this, man. I'mma tell you what I mean, though
Y'all feeling that Green Flame? You know what it do, man
Make sure you go get that Black Flame;
That Red Flame;
That Red Flame, uh, Evil Edition;
That Red Flame: Devil Music Edition, and I don't worship the Devil, man, I'm just sayin' that's that street shit. We the heathens, boy; come to the Hell, boy; come to Hell
You know what it mean, like, but I'm sayin', so we got the White Flame, Black Flame, Blue Flame, both -- all three Red Flames, if you want to collect them, for sure. We got this Green Flame 'chea. Make sure you go cop that Gold House, Lil B Gold House. You get that Bitch Mob (Respect Da Bitch) Vol. 1. You know what it do. Black Flame, too, man, make sure you cop that Black Flame, what it is. Hey man, shouts out to everybody that fuck with ya boy
Yeah, like I said, this Green, Green, Green, motherfuckin' Green Flame, whoadie!
Tell your bitch where ya bitch at!
Tell me where the ho at!
Tell me where the bitch at!
I'm, I'm -- Tell me where the ho at!
Tell me where the bitch at! I'mma find her!