[Intro]
You know who flex bitches man?
-Who? Who?
I'm not gonna let nobody tell me I'm crazy
-Who?
I know I got bitches
-I know you do
Lil B said he has the most bitches but I know I'm not crazy
-You better believe it. You are
I know I got bitches too
-We all do
I want Lil B to fuck my bitch
-Okay do it and I don't know if that's okay or not. It's gonna happen. Let it be

I flex bitches (OK), I'm a tell you this, bitch (OK)
Fifty grand show and I fucked her on Christmas
Young BasedGod bitch, put me on ya hit list
I'm a fuck the bitches, I'm number... (OK)
Fucking five bitches and they know that im coming
Young BasedGod fucked a bitch full of money
You know that I come in, fifty grand a show, bitch
Suck my fucking dick, bitch, I'm a fucking gold digger
You already know, bitch, I got bitches, I flex bitches
Bitches on my dick, bitch
I flex 25 bitches in the summertime
Thirty bitches in the middle name, I'm a tell you about metamine
I'm a tell you about women and I'm a tell you who ho better
I'm a tell you which bitch better, I'm a tell you about me, bitch
I'm a tell you about the ho I got, I'm a tell you about the bitches
I'm gonna do what the fuck I do you bitch

Riding around with that thing, bitch, I flex bitches
Riding around with that chopper, I flex bitches
Riding around with that thing, I flex bitches
Around with that thing, what? I flex bitches
Riding around with that chopper, I flex bitches
Riding around with that thing, bitch

Drop top, bad bitch, you fuck me, you know me
Your bitch gonna know me, I'll fuck you like she owe me
I gotta tell you about the old me, I wasn't payin
But the new me gonna pay for that bitch, cause I ain't got time
Fifty grand on my fucking mind, fifty grand for some fucking head
The old me said no B, the new B said fuck that
The old B said, nigga you betta make the bitch pay you
That new B said I'm a pay fifty grand the bitch gonna lay with me.
Cause I'm a throw the bitch out right, bitch know me all night
I'm a tell you about me, bitch, I'm a tell you about the game, bitch
You go about this thing, bitch, wide out with that motherfucker
I'm a tell you about the motherfucker, Lil B is that nice hustler
Lil B got the night popping, Ima tell you who got the ho poppin
Little fucker got shit dropping, I'm a tell you about the game dropping
Motherfuckers know no name dropping, I don't play no game
Bitches know my name, but bitches love me for the fame

I flex bitches, I flex bitches, I flex bitches
I know I'm wild with them bitches
I'm at top with them bitches, shine for them bitches
I flex bitches, I flex bitches, I flex bitches