[Intro]
For real man, you know, Westside all day, you feel me? You know I'm from the Westside man, I'm from the West Coast, I'm from the world baby. Yeah man. Young nigga from Berkeley. Im a O.G. now though. I'm a O.G. out here, man that shit crazy. A nigga done grew up fast. But I'm fucking a lot of these bitches though, so that keep me straight. I'ma tell you niggas what's up though. Real boss money shit. Know what I'm saying?

[Verse 1]
I'm the hardest rapper to do it
Rap or moving, them bitches up
I slow talk, I speak on things that need patience
I'ma tax these niggas, for player hating
That's for real now, fuck them boys
I'm a rob a rapper, automatic, with that hammer
Niggas keep sleeping, but I'm no mattress
Half a million dollars, that's under the matt-
Ress. My chin strapped nigga
So every time you see me, I'ma boomerang, catch a clip
Hundred grand show, that's a thing you will never get
Unsigned, fuck you, big techs, big clips
Sold zips, sold pounds, niggas snitched behind walls
Getting phony contracts, wanna act different now
Should have killed you back then, emotions in my right hand
If I cry tonight, some bitches gon' die tonight
Still with that bang-bang, yeah that fucking color
Anybody in your way, them niggas getting ran over
I feel every nigga, but I don't fuck with them
I donate some money, bet you won't catch me now
Niggas plotting on the boss, it's an early Thanksgiving
Niggas asking for some favors, bitch never copped from me
So how you gonna know? That you niggas ain't informants?
Guns in the house like I interviewed the artist (Peter Gunz)
What's up Peter Gunz? I still see the guns
So any nigga seeing me best believe he seeing one
And if you can't look, best believe you'll see it coming
I stay coming up like my baggy jeans is flooded
Huh, you niggas is hating
Man you losing the summer, all winter my niggas ball
Like training camp coming, we make you niggas ball
You niggas need Rogaine, you don't got no game
Clapping up the whole thang, we zipping up four planes
I push that line every day
Fuck suckers man, that's the words of the day
Come play with me, I'ma tie up your bae
This is B-A-E and bitch where the safe?
Lil B naive? Even the world not safe
I'm coming with the gun, and I'm like, where the case?
Infrared, green, take a niggas safe

[Outro]
Know what I'm saying? Coming with that lick, know what I'm saying? We want that baby. I want that lick. Straight up