Yes, this hell on Earth, nigga!
Task force protect me, bitch mind, don't forget me
It's hell on Earth, it's hell on Earth
Don't worry, I got you!
It's my task!
Protect this from disasters, the water in ocean
God, why you're... last night, God
Why you make that baby die without a fight
Living on Earth, you see how hell feels like
I see they drowned a man in water, and nobody felt right
Nobody helped like they're on ...
Living on Earth, they show you what hell like
How we gonna lose if we work less?
My mom got fired from work, she used to be a janitor
And she don't have no cameras, but I'm proud of her
She got a life together ain't nothing easy here in this weather
Weather and night, whether you fall tonight
You gotta keep your head
It's about shots, take it day by day, they gonna make it, watch!
Yes! It's hell on Earth...
I'm making more moves, make you moves
But what about my family? I ain't spending time?
And this thing don't mean nothing without the people that ride
A lot of people grew down, and I don't fuck with them guys
My soul on my sleeve, my arms are the bricks
You would have gave me awards the way I'm helping these kids
But when I see them violence, my mind gets lost
But when I see a new baby, I forget that thought
So help me people, help me
I'm scared and the world is no hell for me
I'm alone, and I got nobody
I feel homeless, that's why I got nobody
And is hell on Earth but I keep surviving
Let my soul diary, be the flame, inspire me
Why the good people always dying of cancer
But we gonna survive, and we gonna find those answers, I love you!
Yeah, it's hell on Earth
Lil B!
Thank you, thank you
Task force bitch might be...
Thank you, I appreciate you know this from the heart, man
You know your... I let you all men in
I want everybody to be good, man
It's hell on Earth!
Put your hands in the air, just need you..
Yeah, it's hell on Earth!
But you know? I'mma tell you like don't even worry about it
Because I got you
And we gonna find the cure, and we gonna get you...
Task force.. we're here to support the world and help others, man
Protect Lil' B, spread Lil' B music
Protect Lil' B legacy and we help the world right after that
Protect all the people around your community
Yeah, it's Lil' B
It's hell on Earth!
Before I leave, I wanna tell you I love you
Thank you, thank you
You know whatever happens to me, I love you for life, baby!
My voice is here to stay even if you can see me
Believe it! It's Lil B, you're alright, everything will be OK!