[Hook x2]
I got pretty bitches, I got pretty bitches (Okay!) (x4)

[Verse 1]
What I got, bruh? I got bad bitches!
I love them all, got everything that I'm wishin'
If you want to be like me, need to pay attention
And I'll show you how I got this many bitches

[Hook]
I got pretty bitches, I got pretty bitches (Okay!) (x4)

[Verse 2]
Man, I'm sliding down the freeway, highway
Burger King my way; she smooth like Sade
Don't want me? She was foolish like [?]
I'm the finest out, hands down; come try me
It's like I'm a magnet, attracted to the female
Buy her like retail, use her then re-sale
I ain't been the one doing bad then bounce ya
I'm the type of dude that they count
Never leave me out, hit me on the MySpace account
Now she all at my place and her face is out
Choose up, don't lose up; that's the best for real
Got so many girls that the sex could kill
Get high off 'em, and that's for real
Now that I'm famous, with tats to kill
These girls want to [?] like Shaq O'Neil
I ain't never get mad, I relax and chill
Girl chose up way before the deal
I just didn't add game, so I floored a deal
But you know your boy hot, like the Florida Hills
Now they open their legs up like the Foreman Grills
And I'm not a slut; I'm picky as hell
If she look Minnie, I'mma Mickey her well
I'm wetter than wells, get (head) then sell
I play 30 whole games just to get the scale
Had cheerleaders breaking off their necks as well
I feel like the doctor getting brains as well
With a bitch and a double-XL
I said with a bad bitch and a double-XL
Yeah!

[Outro]
(I got pretty bitches, I got pretty bitches (Okay!) (x4))
You feel me? I'm talking about, man, we got pretty bitches on deck. You feel me? Shouts out to my dude Five Stars, man, he in the building
Yeah. It's your boy Lil B for Lil Boss, BasedGod! Yes! Brrrangdang yeah!
Yeah, I got pretty bitches, feel me?
We ridin' up, you feel me? Bay Area boys, you feel me? Shouts out to [?], you feel me? I fuck with you, bruh. I still owe you some money, you feel me? From that, uh, Dominican Republic shit, you feel me? Yeah
I got -- (Pfff)
I got --
Hey! (Yessss!)
I got pretty bitches, I got pretty bitches (Okay!) (x4)
Okay!