[Hook-Messy Marv]
(what that nigga say?) I look like Hannah Montana
Bitches suck my dick cause I'm Hannah Montana
Pretty boy bitch, yeah, Hanna Montana
Fuck Justin Bieber, Hannah Montana

[Verse 1-Messy Marv]
Your boy boy Mess my dick worth a hundred Gs
Bitch, my dick worth about 50 keys
Bitch my fuckin' dick worth a million L-Bs
Bitches on my dick cause a nigga got cheese
Look at my ring, my ring is a mansion
Look at my car, it looks like a mansion
The paint on that bitch looks like a mansion
The boy boy Mess, Based God, what's happenin? (swag!)
Bitch I ain't playin, bitch I'm smashin'
Ask that bitch that you with what's happenin'
Both of y'all hoes can suck my mansion
I don't give a fuck bitch, I don't never ask for 'em

[Hook]

[Verse 2-Lil B]
Came in the club lookin' like Hannah Montan
Young Based God came straight like the fountain
Iced ring, iced hand, damn I'm lookin' marvelous
Look like Madonna, the 80s, I'm stuntin'
Young Based God came straight with the cater
Knock that bitch head off, then she sucked my dick though
10 on my dick though, 30 on my dick though
Young Based God out the brain man I'm sick though
Fuck with Messy Marv that's my motherfuckin' big bro
Pretty bitch stuntin'sit in Benz nigga what's up?
Lambo, what's up? Big chain, what's up?
Iced out, what's up? Bitch come and suck my nuts

[Hook]

[Verse 3-Lil B]
Fuck 'em all nigga, straight lookin' like
Lookin' like the pope, no homo with that right
Whip it with the left, bitch disrespect
Young Based God came straight with that tec
Put it on the neck, bitch disrespect
Pretty ass nigga man I been on that flex
Straight Westside nigga been 'bout that check
Waterfront nigga come and fucks with the set
(Berkeley!) straight Based God nigga
Messy Marv what's happenin? Based God what's happenin?
Been straight smashin, hoes suckin' dick though
Mansion lookin' like fruity pebbles and crisco
Rich nigga shit, these niggas don't understand it
Comin' straight with that underhanded
Dirty money, hundred thousand stuntin'
Bitches suck my dick cause I look like they husband
Uhh, nigga Marv know about it
Ridin' up scraper nigga hundreds, out it
Pullin' up Benz, pullin' up hoes on my dick
They friends is boppin, bitch
What the fuck we doin? Straight mack stuntin'
30 on my dick and that bitch straight cussin'
Suck my fuckin' dick bitch I'm blunted
Hundred thousand man put it in the stomach
Rich ass niggas man Hannah Montana
Fuck Justin Bieber man I'm Hannah Montana
I fuck with Justin Bieber that's my young ass nigga
We was on iChat, me and Soulja Boy
(shout out to Soulja) Now we in the fuckin' Bay now
Me and Messy Marv, out here stuntin' nigga
It's that best of both worlds
Nigga tiny pants jake hats, based niggas, what's happenin'