[Produced by BigBoyTraks]

[Hook: Sample]
You are, the only one I'm holding down for always
In my heart, in the time of light, shining bright
If you're not near, so far, I can't let go, I won't let go
And that's why I will face reality 'till it brings you back to me

[Spoken: Lil B]
You know, so many, uh, questions for life
It's good though, one day by day
Step by step, day by day
It's Lil B

[Verse 1: Lil B]
Why niggas don't keep it real no more?
Leaning on the next man trying to get some dough
And I ain't making a diss, this really exists
Last time I made love is when I wrote this song
People be saying "B, you should be a preacher"
Nigga I told 'em fall back, I'mma be a teacher
I told 'em one day that we gonna reach it
This is cut down on songs, I don't got no features
Keep my squad close like we huddling up
I don't got greedy, man, the fame is enough
And for you people trying to hate and saw my money
Karma is real, and you gotta love it
I could take a few trips in advance
Look! I'm flying to the snow and I visit the sand
See, life's real, when you're tied up in Japan man
My face is in the streets, you have my picture in your hand
Let's get it (oh!)

[Hook: Sample]
You are, the only one I'm holding down for always
In my heart, in the time of light, shining bright
If you're not near, so far, I can't let go, I won't let go
And that's why I will face reality 'till it brings you back to me

[Spoken: Lil B]
So many questions I got, let's go
Yeah

[Verse 2: Lil B]
Why bitches don't keep it real no more?
Hopping on the next flight just to see you
But she don't know that the game is played
She tried to say she love me, nah, you love my fame
Cause real life, you don't know my name
You just know my lane
BasedWorld it's a gorgeous game
I gained twice, I'm in the game, yards after the catch
I'm on the dip like I'm on the Mets
On TV like I'm on the Nets
Bet I throw bombs like I'm on the Jets
How much I'm worth? I should make you guess
How much I work? It will make you stress
I work hard like I'm living check-to-check
I made my mind up, I'm coming for respect
Bitch I love this life, I wouldn't trade it for the world
I guess I'm selfish, right? It's Lil B!

[Hook: Sample]
You are, the only one I'm holding down for always
In my heart, in the time of light, shining bright
If you're not near, so far, I can't let go, I won't let go
And that's why I will face reality 'till it brings you back to me

[Spoken: Lil B]
You know, just, uh
Things that's going through my mind, 2011
Time after time, historical
In the grind
Yeah

[Verse 3: Lil B]
Now, I be off that king shit
Two mansions, five cribs, yeah, that's that king shit
Got so much money, on a whole 'nother league shit
Dream is to deal with me, shit
Young man doing what I'm supposed to do
I can hear the money speak, I suppose it's true
It said, I'm coming soon, but I'm dropping sooner!
Let this shit drop and I cop the Sooner
Lil B got my back for the love of the music
I appreciate your mind and I appreciate your soul
And that's just my promise
I give you my soul and the music's promised
Only one life, I'mma live it regardless
Only one mic, look at what we started
Look at me now, how I get so tight?
Nigga, day in, day out, bitch, I seen that light
Let's go!

[Hook: Sample]
You are, the only one I'm holding down for always
In my heart, in the time of light, shining bright
If you're not near, so far, I can't let go, I won't let go
And that's why I will face reality 'till it brings you back to me

[Spoken: Lil B]
You know, one day, after tomorrow
You know, like I said, we got it, man, we did it
Thank y'all for rocking with me
My name Lil B, I love y'all for life
Let's get this
BasedWorld up! Woop!