[Intro]
Yeah! Red Flame
Real shit, my nigga
I'm just tryna live my life, you feel me?
Let me do me, I'ma do what the fuck I do
This for all the motherfuckers that's rebels
Don't give a fuck
What did I do to make your life so sad?
Yeah, Lil B

[Verse 1]
What did I do to, all these niggas used to
The same thing, please don't, Martin Luther
The God MC, the one that Nas should look up on
The one that Jay-Z should take a note from
I am hip-hop, from what skin is to lotion
Night is to day, nigga eyes is to motion
I am the goat, no homo, no preacher
No Pope, you niggas gay 'cause I'm fucking all the hoes
If your at my show, you know I'm getting all the dough
Came a long way from jail, from fears from going broke
Niggas hating me? Shit, cut your fucking throat
For all this fucking hate I get nigga, death threats
The President's on my dick, Based God brand
That's that! I've seen the bottom, I ain't going back
Nigga, I am never going back

[Interlude]
What did I do to make your life so sad?
Yeah!

[Verse 2]
Your life or my life, no choice, both ours
The sunshine, niggas get hungry before dinner time
Mom told me, "Don't wait, you're great," I'm him
The man cook tune like a violin
B-Town inspired him, Waterfront inspired him
Feel like I died within when niggas started breaking in
Now I'm thinking, "Wait," again, I can't slip
When I started taking off the transcript
Niggas started moving to the mansions
See the rap game as the way to feed my family
And I ain't fucking phrasing, can't see my granny
And my granny's still in the hood
She should be up in Miami
While you suckas playing games and tryna get a Grammy
You better watch out your way
Call me Hurricane Brandon
My mind treasure hidden in the sands, pussy nigga!

[Interlude]
What did I do to make your life so sad?

[Verse 3]
Don't have my name in your mouth if you don't know me
Niggas like me come down out your whole street
Then lay back, I'm low key, I'm solo
Load the heat, then cock back
Never drop the top 'cause bullets through that
Never on the motorcycle, niggas take you off that
Real West Coast, bruh, we off that
Fa' sho, bitch I'm gon' ride
West Coast gon' never die
With Lil B drafted to the home team
Bruh, we gon' fly, Lil B blasted with the four-five
Yeah I'm ready, nigga, I'm here, Lil B, nigga

[Outro]
What did I do to make your life so sad?
Based God, Red Flame mixtape, nigga, it's a wrap!
Hardest mixtape out, nigga
I'm the hardest nigga out
Hardest shit out, nigga
Lil B! Can't nobody fuck with me
Rawest rapper in the rap game
Nigga, straight up, nigga
Red Flame, I been hungry, nigga
Nigga, Red Flame, nigga
Nigga, I got that burning in my heart, nigga
You feel me? Bitch!