[Intro - Lil B]
BasedGod, yeah!

[Hook - Lil B]
I'm gettin bitches! I'm gettin bitches!
Got a girlfriend and I'm still fuckin bitches
I'm gettin bitches! I'm gettin bitches!
Catch me in your hood and I'm snatching all your bitches

[Verse 1 - Lil B]
I'm gettin bitches! Steady gettin bitches!
God come out and I'm snatching all your bitches
Yes, god damn, I'm a faggot
I'm a lesbian cause the bitches let me have it
Riding in the Charger, maybe in the Magnum
Maybe in the Scraper sitting on sixes!
Yes, God damn I'm pulling bitches
Girls suck my dick cause they knowing I'm the nigga
Got my dirty Vans same color as a Swisher
Niggas hate on me cause they know I'll fuck your sister
Yes: BasedGod in the picture
Got my gold grill so they knowing I'm they nigga

[Hook - Lil B]
I'm gettin bitches! I'm gettin bitches!
Got a girlfriend and I'm still fuckin bitches
I'm gettin bitches! I'm gettin bitches!
Catch me in your hood and I'm snatching all your bitches

[Verse 2 - Lil B]
Eating calamari - naw bitch I'm lying
Eating on that steak cause you know I need that iron
Then I have a threesome, then I fuck Jalissa
Then a beat your bitch like I'm working on a Riesen
Iced out shorty, get back shorty
Young BasedGod and I'm going to a party!
Yes, and my niggas we do dummy
Fucked her in her mouth and I leave her nose runny
Nigga tried to rob me, left him on his back, bitch
Went to his hood and I gave his bitch that rap dick
Yes, cause I ride in a Scraper
I don't give a fuck cause I've been having paper
Been having knowledge
Never went to college
Got your girlfriend and I made her suck my big dick
Yes, cause I'm a rich-ass bitch
Young BasedGod with that big-ass dick, faggot!

[Hook - Lil B]
I'm gettin bitches! I'm gettin bitches!
Got a girlfriend and I'm still fuckin bitches
I'm gettin bitches! I'm gettin bitches!
Catch me in your hood and I'm snatching all your bitches

[Outro - Lil B]
Yea it's your boy Little muthafuckin Boss
Gold mouth shorty, nawmean?
BasedGod shorty
Make the bitch go to the party
The bitch suck my nuts like "oh Lordy! Oh Goddy!"
Like Gucci Mane said, "well damn!"
Well damn, I'm that bitch, feel me?
I'm that faggot, out here fucking all these lesbian hoes, you feel me?
BasedGod is so sick!