[Intro - Lil B]
Nigga fireworks
See that's what it is huh?
5150 fuck with me
Like I said nigga, we taking it to that next level..
Lil B for Lil Boss
I Forgive You mixtape, I don't hold no grudges
5150, 3130 - 5150 fuck with me my nigga
You know what it be like man
Lil B in this muthafucka man
Shout out to the made niggas

[Verse]

Hatin' on my line, bitch I had to knock em back
Then I grip the duct tape, and tell em go get that
I tell em' come get back
That pump knock his chin back
Niggas wanna hate, I tell em I ain't even with that

Get money shit is what I'm on, is you with that?
Niggas wanna play, but this is not a game bitch
Grip on tha' mac, and I dont even gotta use the heat
These cowards wanna hate me; pass the AK please

Stuff em' in the trunk that's bass for your face
Real hot boy for real I got case on top of case

And I don't know Queen Latifa but I'll set it off put the 9 in the freezer
Got the baddy bag, leave em right where I meet em, leave em face down
Have em plank on the "cement"
1. 8. 9. is what they say when he grievin , cuz 1. 8. 7. ain't shit bitch this evening

I'mma mask up cuz the army already
Big things, cuz im workin already
I'mma be self made, deep up in the game
You better know my name, I'm geeked off the fame

World wide Basedgod come and ride the train
That AK split ya, pellets splash hitcha', not my M.O. but I take a picture
That boy just flashed 100 bitch

[Hook]
You niggas lie for real?
You got fake beef?
I can't respect it bitch
I'm in the streets (x3)

Respect my mind, respect my words
Came straight off the porch bitch respect my nerve
Came straight off the dome with no slurs of "speeches" that nigga talk shit, but he down to eat it
I don't never talk shit I'm not bout to beef'in
Got shit on my mind for no reason
I'm a hold it down all 12 seasons, I run the block like NFL mother fuckin seasons

You snitchin bitch, I flip the switch
I ont' wine I don't cry, I wine and dine
Cop 10 new whips and designer tires
He's a fucking lie, if he hate on me
If he whine about taxes but that K free
Niggas just hate ... for publicity
I don't think bitch, I run the world

Only unsigned nigga with a million girls. #BASEDGOD