Hmm, hey, Keke, welcome to the pet shop!
Come on in
Hey uh Lil B, you uh, got any abandoned cats today?
(Ah yeah bitch I got some)
Hhm, that's so funny Lil B, stop cursing
(Nah bitch shut up. Shut the fuck up bitch. I do what I want, I'm the Basedgod.)
Hmm! That seems uh, about right

[Verse 1 - Lil B]
In the night people gleam, who did it
I stole a lot of Jersey, have niggas freeze to get it
I brush haters off, like Febreeze with women
Humiliate niggas, make niggas plead, who did it?
With a fresh white tee, blue jeans that's knitted
Cause I rep for the team that will scream to get it
Put a check on the ring, let em see who get it
Cause I'm money hungry, post fiends for business
Yeah, uh, watch em scream forgiveness
Cause yall niggas can't relate what I seen or witnessed
Cause ya gotta be hard or a G to get it
I stay gettin green or the cheese, I'm with it
In the backstreet with the Bs that lit it
Dub sacks in the stash, plus the weed is hittin
Don't trip about the Glocks, man the weed is hittin
Lil B, lil boss, OG I'm livin

[Hook]
I'm just livin
I'm just livin
I'm just livin
I'm just livin
X2

[Verse 2 - Lil B]
Yeah
I'm in the bucket and I pass this rose
Lil nigga run your bitch, plus you pass my gold
So she really on point, I got raps to show
Cause I wouldn't talk about it if she a flashy ho
Cause she really hang off my nuts, you should ask the hoes
They'd give you the same, uh, position, man I got the flows
Got a question man, I'm not askin most
Gotta ticket to my show, man she really gon blow
Started figuring out man, saying to me
Plain as can be, "man these lames for free
Take they money and they weed, man they hoes and jewels
Man they got love naked man, pose them nude
And yall better hit the show, cause I go, I blew Lil B"
Rich bitch, are you?
And I wanna eat, not stick like glue
And exceed rap man, [??????] to
I wanna sell records to all my partners
If yall older here, man the kids don't bop to
I wanna be that one yall ride to
It's Lil B, yeah

Just living life
Just livin

[Verse 3 - Lil B]
We ain't superstars, with cars in backyards
We lil niggas with scars and black marks
Still be trippin on niggas that act wrong
Guess why niggas be somethin to act on
But yall pause, yall broke niggas, I [???]
Fuck those niggas, broke, I choke niggas
Bring niggas closer to hell than most niggas
Send letters to niggas, yes, I roast niggas
Leave em on the ground, apart for pose nigga
Let em hear sounds to shells, I toast niggas
I'm Sam Bailey, just bein a pro nigga with yall
Talkin about singin my songs, go figure
Niggas riding dicks like hoes, ya froze niggas

Man Lil B God's Father man
One of the best and um, one of the rawest mixtapes EVER to be released in musical history