[Intro]
(Yesssss...)
Welcome to 05 Fuck Em
Come downstairs real quick
Nigga, I, uhh, holla at you about something
Fuck wit me, real debit shit

[Verse: Lil B]
Welcome to the Westside, this real birthday music
05 Fuck Em, this me, I'm so exclusive
I'm getting sick and tired of these new niggas
I divide and conquer, put the dope up on it (I see you)
Ya niggas fuck regardless, if you got them charges
The only charges that I seen was them credit cards
But really, (Yesssss...) I'm the nigga that use that debit card
But I don't overdraft (nope), I just over cash
On to the next, 05 Fuck Em, my soul believe me, nigga (Yesssss....)
But I still love it, I got honor, got mad in the mind
Street nigga by the book, I'm certified
Street nigga college, I'm in graduate school
Teach you niggas how to live
With the dope and the powder verses
I might just hit you with the same choppa
That I bought from Oakland, don't get, hmph, don't get discouraged
05 Fuck Em, this is my last message:
Lil B for life, no second guessing
05 Fuck Em, I got a couple questions
Send you up to God, and this my real blessing
I'mma go down, cause I'm sending suckas up
Going down in history, you niggas ride and protect me
Untold niggas that it's hard to find
I whip crack nigga fuck going (?) side
You niggas in the club, I'm in the dopehouse
You niggas in class, I'm at the ho house
Baby mamma drama (what?), I knock the ho out (fuck her)
I'm sick and tired of people not treating me equal (they hating on me)
Bitches wanna play games, like a dude?
Females get chopped down, like trees do
I don't wanna fucking discriminate (nope), judge off your actions
Don't play with anything (Yesssss...), you know what I'm saying? (Yesssss...)
I'm going to the top of the world
Niggas like me? (Yesssss...) I be spit
Keep it one hundred, I'm the rawest rapper living
05 Fuck Em, Lil B, let's go. (Yesssss...)

[Outro]
You niggas ready for the tape
05 Fuck Em mixtape, Basedworld studios
Shoutout everybody that's been fucking with me from the jump days
All the real producers, all the niggas that ain't faked out
Know what I'm saying?
A lot of you niggas looking like suckers right now
2014, it's a lot of suckers man, fuck wit em no more -
Do you buh
Do you mane, Lil B for life, nigga