[Intro: Lil B]
Straight niggas stand up man. Berkley what it do, B-Town what it do. Yeah man, it's that Bay Area music, you feel me? West side thugga nigga. You know what I'm saying man? If you really thuggin' man, pretty boys man, you feel me? We in the club, all the bitches on us, you feel me?

[Verse 1: Lil B]
Niggas want to hate, but they really salute me
Lil B, yeah, but my name ain't Boosie
Played a hundred stacks just to own my name
Now I'm to the point where I own my lane
Slap niggas up cause they really is bootsy
Fuck a little head, I just want your coochie
If she on the period then fuck her booty
Ride around town, niggas gotta salute me
I look niggas directly in the face
Let niggas know, that I play that game
Jam niggas up cause they playing with me
Jam niggas up with that mack, bitch
I'm a pretty ho with a short-man complex
I got a lot of things to prove
I kidnap my enemy and fucked in her ass
I'm strictly 'bout the cash, bitch

[Hook: Lil B]
Got a couple bitches on the front line
Know I'm saying what we doing 'bout that one time
Face ten, face thirty
Look like this a job for the landlord
This look like a job for the landlord
Look like a job for the landlord

[Verse 2: Lil B]
I'm out here trying to have it, bitch
Nigga stole me, he gonna die
Hit that nigga with too many choppers
Imma floor the nigga, cause I dump, bitch
Slapped a ho up then I fucked a bitch
Rap niggas scared cause I call the shots
Too many niggas around me today
Murked two niggas, now they call me cuckoo
Trying to turn the page, now I'm fucked with booboo
You know what I'm saying? Cause these niggas is doodoo

[Spoken Word: Lil B]
You know what I'm saying? I'm sliding through the hood. I'm a short nigga, but I'm a real nigga man, they respect me. Ho suck my dick, you know what I'm saying, about the sack, you know what I'm saying? Chasing the cheddar man, every day, you know what I'm saying? West side nigga, man. Aye man, only me man, rawest rapper alive nigga, the legend, man. Yeah, the real legend man. Street shit man. Gutta shit, boss up man. It's Lil B. Yessssssss

[Hook]