Yes. Based god
Based freestyle on me
Oh, based lord, he style, on me
Yeah
Based God free style on me
Yeah, oh, yeah, based freestyle

Yeah, my niggas automatic
We be going crazy, about this [?]
We on that other music, this that based boy [?] bitch I do shit
I be making money now, [?] money in my pockets now
I'm repping beat down
Berkeley boys put that beat down
We on some other shit, I told you I'm on some other shit
But you didn't believe da boys
You ain't believe the boys, so I had to get on [?]
And then we boss and post up on you fucking niggas like Shaq
And leave niggas cold cut
All fucked up
Bucked up and fucked up
But we still end up going dumb
About the scrap of 10 blunts
And the scrap of ten blunts, Yeah
And 10 girls doing what we want
And we having a lot of fun
And we doing what we want
And we're loaded and we're drunk
And we're hitting the city
Go to Frisco, West Berkeley are you with me
South Berkeley are you with me
We finna go crazy B-town in my city
And Bay Boys on some other crazy shit and they will aim and destroy and
I'm little fucking boss I am not just a decoy
So do not deploy cause I will see you cyborgs, and blah blah
Yeah, put on the seat floor
And yes I do got a vest and it's tucked under the seat floor
And I'm not talking about the seat floor, No, but I want to say I'm hot like C4
And I will explode
And I will explode all over you motherfuckin' rats and you bullshitin' toads
And when a bitch kisses you, you will turn into a toad
And I'm not old boy, no, no
I'm not [?], I'm on some new shit
I am on some legendary DJ Screw shit
Shout out to the screw clique
And everybody else that inspired a young nigga
To inspire young niggas
To inspire young niggas
And they told me that I am a prophet
But I cannot see it
But I cannot be it
And I will say it to get them, yes
Handle business the best
Based Lord
And I'm addressing these young robbers
Show that I'm big poppa, R.I.P to big popa
Yes
And showing them that I am in the best from the west
I'm the best from the west, yes
I'm the best from the west, it's on my back
But I don't wanna say it, but it's on my lap
And I don't wanna sell, just put with your respect and see me live
And see me live
And see me live, touch my hands
And see me live!
This city vibe is like my vibe
The city vibe is sudden like up under the lights
And I freestyle boy just to show you boys how to write
Then I'm writin', never writin', boy I'm just righteous
And I spit this real shit that has these boys on some
So high up in the air, that I cannot see the ground, and anything under the stairs
Or under there
And I told you that it's people under stairs so if there's money under the stairs so I don't see the money it just comes to me
It run from you, it run to me
And it run from me, I'm not but me
I just do [?], I'm just so dirty
My Vans is dirty, I said my Vans is dirty, bitch
I handle business, yes sir, like dirty boys handle business
It's Lil B for the scrimmage, and I'm need an attack with me in the ending

Based Freestyle
Based..
Based God on Me!
Based Lord on Me!
This history! History! History!
I keep making history!
History! History!

Oh my god, Based Lord on me!
Woooah, [?] on, on