(Intro)
We see these niggas man, point 'em out point 'em out, Aye you uh..., You know that dude up over there?, I'm tryna bust his head, Bruh, he talking 'bout he got a lot of bitches and I don't like that, Man, niggas like that, hate on myself, He taking all my shine, I ain't got no bitches like him and I want him gone

(Verse)
I ride around town with the gangstas
Same shit different day
Niggas had to hang with the strangers
He gotta gun, but them niggas not gangstas
Real recognize real, fake niggas kill
A lot of fake niggas not too many ones real
Gotta pop a pill nigga just to stay awake
I come from the era, VHS
DVDs, CDs, young niggas with keys
You got street money, open up CDs
Them feds started watching, tryna tie him to the keys
I'm not Alica Keys, but I unleash the keys
Open up the doors Imma flood the streets
Looking through the blinds shoot you through the screens
I don't play with death, death is close to me
Who approaching me, I a toast the please
Stupid niggas, my gun will roast ya
I'm real nasty like the top of a soda
Any rap niggas keep testing my gangsta
Skating my swag, that's not cool
Niggas not cool, so I'm not cool
Check them niggas, man the jokes on you
That's not cool
Two niggas get smacked with the bottom
You feel me?
Niggas get locked up
Live for real, hateful niggas, man
Fuck this money and fuck them cars
Fuck them houses and fuck them banks
Fuck this credit, Imma use debit
Imma slow nigga, who don't fucking get it
Imma be specific, Imma be out here
Up on these fucking niggas, ya digg
This is 20 shots to ya motherfucking wig
I'm sipping lean everyday, fuck being sick
Lil Beezy B, niggas I'm hitting
I was licking pussy
I was licking bricks
Niggas outchea, man motherfuck a bitch
This football life, man I will never quit

(Outro)
You know what I'm saying? Aye throw that nigga the ball, man. See if that nigga catch it. If he don't catch it you already know what to do. (What, I ain't bout to do that to bruh). The fuck you mean you ain't bout to do that to bruh. (I said I ain't gonna do it, I'm not down). Oh, pffft, you not down, I see the type of motherfucka you is. You scary! And you know what happen to scary motherfuckas

You get dumped in the back, trashcan and beam in yo lap, blood in yo lap, dope in the sack, Put that on you, cover up the crack, then put in your ass, crack in the valves nigga, fuck that, we rockin' hard, dump a nigga out the trunk of the boulevard, (Let em go)