[Intro]
Yeah. You know I'm sitting back, chilling you know, feeling really... uhhh... I don't know what the word is but you know it's marvelous. Evil Red Flame mixtape. I'm glad it's completed. I'm glad I can't be stopped. But check me out though, I'm at my house

[Verse 1]
I'm fresh up out the shower
I'm looking like the pretty bitch
Toucan Sam with the coup that say Bentley bitch
Came a long way from hustling
Now I'm celebrating on Caribbean flights and the luggage
Louis briefcase only when the hoes come around
I'm a real goon, the girls know I'm flamboyant
[?] my guts on the [?] department
Heated seats, Murcielago
Phantom looking like a Kia four doors
Please no pictures
I'm Lil B the greatest, I need applause
Where's my security?
Hitting up soccer games on ground level
Brazilian girls love me
Sound like Ted Danson with a Mercedes
Mac-11 bulletproof vest for safety
I'm praying to loss
Praying to angels consistent
Keep on the clear path
Let me walk through the fire
Pray at last

[Chorus]
Esquire take a toast for the greatest
Now I'm back, sit back
Esquire take a toast for the greatest
Sit back, now I'm back
Esquire take a toast for the greatest
Sit back

[Verse 2]
Big mansions couple interviews tape recording
You dealing with the legend, audio enforcement
I'm here now but I might be gone tomorrow
I'm not just a rapper, something like a poet
Philosopher with a book like Jesus wrote it
Sipping on margarita, please no tequila
[?] comments
[?] you sit in your yard while I make money
Girls attracted to the wealth but
I pride myself off pride itself
You can't rob Robin Hood when he in out the hood
Feeding niggas food like county jail
Shout to my PO, that's my amigo
No ankle monitor, I'm flying high like a jet plane
Let me free, I'm not no slave no more
Rebel til the death, a media whore

[Interlude]
Yeah like Media Takeout, I'm a media whore you feel me. Shout out to Media Takeout, you feel me. Post-post about me bitch while I'm sitting in the Caribbean, you feel me. I'm sipping this margarita and I'm like "Damn, I came a long way"

[Outro]
Yeah, Lil B for Lil Boss. Evil Red Flame. All y'all know just know anybody dreams can come true. Your dreams can come true. Just keep believing, keep it in your heart, keep working. I guarantee you, yes I'm talking to you, you will make it. You can't just be a hater. No haters make it

Unless they born with money. And then when haters is born with money, they can hate all they want. But they don't survive as long as the non-haters. You feel me. That's like a potential leader. Like potential leaders lead... to the potential leaders. Like only people that are rated five, they can lead. You feel me because like their potential leader rating five. But see my I'm like an all time high leader. So even the all time leaders can listen to me or respect me because I'm not a potential leader. You get what I mean. Red Flame. Evil Red Flame mixtape