[Intro]
Welcome to Hoop Life, bitch!

[Hook]
Let's play hoop, bitch! (x8)
Pass the ball, bitch! (x8)
Go and do a drill one time! (x4)

[Verse 1]
I don't think that you niggas play hoop
Out of bounds, out of line, like Duke
North Dakota, and Oklahoma
Before the tip-off, I was getting my diploma
Get a little head with the motherfucking shoulders
Her friend tried to scream, so you know I rolled over
Ohio State, put the money on the plate
In the Ivy League, selling weed out the gym
I get good grades, and I play a lot of hoop
I got a bad grade, told my teacher, "fuck you!"
I told my teacher, "fuck you!"
I got a bad grade, I told my teacher, "fuck school!"
And nobody can hate
I talk a lot of shit, I'll put the money in your face
I'll put the money in your face
I'll shoot a street point, and say your fucking grace, bitch

[Hook]
Let's play hoop, bitch! (x8)
Pass the ball, bitch! (x8)
Go and do a drill one time! (x2)
A nigga out here trying to dunk (x3)
Alley-oop bro, pass me one

[Verse 2]
I got girls that love to play basketball
I love girls that pass off the rock
I love girls that run fast
Do a drill when the gun blast
Move fast on defense
Girl who love that street shit
Man, I know it wasn't me, bitch
I'll teach you that defense
Girl, why you acting all scary?
We in the front of the school, you gotta play now
We got to win this game, bitch
Put y'all hands in the air, hey!

[Hook]
Let's play hoop, bitch! (x8)
Pass the ball, bitch! (x8)
Go and do a drill one time!

[Outro]
Hey, you know for this Hoop Life, man, we couldn't get out of here without shouting out Florida
Shout out, Virginia, Arizona, Louisville, Villanova, Michigan, Duke, Iowa State, Kansas, Michigan State, Wisconsin
San Diego State, Syracuse, Cincinnati, Cal-Berkeley, Creighton, New Mexico, Connecticut, North Carolina, UCLA, Oklahoma
Ohio State, Baylor, VCU, St. Louis, Memphis, Kentucky
Wichita State, I see you!
Let's get it!
Shout out to Alaska
I'm flexing on these bitches
I got Lil B on my team, so I don't think we ever gonna lose
Let's go!