(Intro)
Man this the real shit This the only real motherfucker you want to hear on this man
Like I said when I get on these beats they be done, RIP

(Verse)
I don't stay scheming, I stay with the demons
Stay bringing hell there's gone be problems this season
If you niggas don't pass it I don't run or play even
Even though I got honor, honor don't stop drama
So I'm strapped up, even put in my pajamas
Take 'em up top and feed em to the piranhas
You niggas all fake that's word to Obama
...It's Lil B...(yes)
But I give you niggas 20 shots
They fuck with the Based God they love me like 2Pac
I'm from the hood so the roof drop I'm starving like Africans
The gun that I tote you won't come back again
Niggas love clothes thats why they stay on t-shirts
I almost murdered last year the stress got my knees hurting
I damn near got an ulcer from the closeup
Bag 'em like coke up, direct 'em like a chauffeur
Put this on your tongue, we gone hit the boss station
Already took a case Alameda not playing
If you chose your thug route do your time and do whatever
Like rehabilitation, jail made me better
Facing 36 made me feel like whatever
When I bounce back from that ain't no one better
It was a murderers and rapists that was sitting beside me
Had to step my life up cause jail wouldn't define me
Your a grown ass man why you on ankle monitor boy
Man you think that shit cool, that's just too much drama
And I keep the gun close like tools to a farmer
Got my bulletproof vest bitch I stay with the armor
And I don't give a fuck about karma, you gonna get dealt with
Leave you dead in yo house and nobody even smell shit
I fuck with them ST killers That will leave you on yo back
No jet skis nigga Lil' B back
And I'll hit you with the mac, leave yo ass flat
Basedworld: Protect Lil B Protect Basedgod

(Outro)
History Number 1 Bitch Mixtape Fuck 'em
(Realist shit alive) Yeah (The realist shit alive)
I ain't riding for no niggas bruh (Look up to it in my eye)
Nah I ain't riding for my niggas bruh (You can see it in my eyes)
Nah I'm finna riding for myself nigga (The realist shit alive)
Uh I got that pistol in my right hand (You can see it in my eyes)
Yeah I got that pistol in my left hand
Uh I'm taking penitentiary chances
These niggas Fuck 'em Give me advances
Fuck 'em Fuck 'em I said (You can see it in my eyes nigga) Fuck 'em Fuck 'em (You can see it in my eyes nigga) Fuck 'em
BOW BOW Fuck 'em Fuck 'em Fuck 'em (I'm the coolest nigga alive nigga)
Taking penitentiary chances (You can see it in my eyes) Fuck 'em Fuck 'em Fuck 'em
Fuck 'em Fuck 'em

Aye but y'all for real stay positive though. You know on a real note man, all my youthful fans and everybody like listening. Regardless, you can hear me on this motherfucker talking that murder but just know (Realist nigga alive) that that's not the right thing to you know be talking about. You feel me, because we all got partners dying daily, daily and that shit ain't funny

But Like I said man, this what motherfuckers be around. I done made, like, you know... And still in it right now, still in the jungle bitch. That's why you rap niggas y'all funny to me. Y'all all now all the sudden trying to be regular now and show how real y'all is After I done came out. After I done changed the game. After I took over the game last year and did it. You see everybody got they Lil b swag now. I respect it. Yeah but you damn sure gone check it, you feel me. Aye man this that Number one bitch mixtape. You know Basedworld really getting money, you feel me? Niggas think this a game. Fuck 'em