[Intro]
We can't never leave that thug shit for life
Yeah
Checking the wrist
About to check the time
Nah, you know what?
Hey Drama what's the time?
You feel me?

[Verse 1]
Lil B, where you been? I just got out the state
You did some time, yeah I did, I just cleared my case
How your cousin doing? You know we pushing art everyday
I'm in the field headfirst, niggas watch my plate
I watch theirs but I never eat their food or take it
Did you cut niggas off? Yeah fuck them fakes
I'mma tell you this, my life is so real that it's great
Bitch, I come from the crack like the pavement's saying
I'm shaking shit, I hit the dice game, no playing
Nigga hit the dice, hit for no, fuck that playing
Shooting dice with the pinch, bitch, move or I'm staying
You got love for these hoes? No, bitches be faking
Game recognise game, I'm saying
Fuck all these suckers that hate mirrors
Bitch, I live in a mirror
.44 Glock will make you clearer
You're about that life, I'm about whatever
For realer, it's Lil B

[Hook]
How I make it through the hood? It's crazy
I'mma do what I do, fuck fugazis
Now I know what I know, I'mma take you low
I'mma take you low, I'mma take you low
How I make it through the day in the hood is crazy
I'mma do what I do, bitches fuck fugazi
Now I know what I know, I'mma take you low
I'mma take you low, I'mma take you low

[Verse 2]
How you maintaining B? I'm getting by, I'm straight
I'm still tucked with the piece, get back to peace
Niggas relax with the beef, I'm swimming in the phonk
Taking showers with the gun, going to sleep with my pump
You would think that I'm drunk, how I'm throwing up the shots
West side like 2Pac, East side like Biggie
Niggas looked up to me, I give back to many
What's next Lil B? Bitch, you tell me
I'm success meta-meta-excellence, ain't no stressing
No worries like Lil Wayne said, infrared
Aiming for suckers' heads, I can tell
I never left
I can never fall off because I was never on
But your girl's seeing, what level I'm on
Is she good to perform? The story's not long
Everybody got a job, you've got to keep shit going
It's Lil B

[Hook]