[Intro: Lil B]
(Who a fucking thug? Are you a thug or what, Brandon?)
You already know what the word is coming up next, so we don't even need to say that. (I don't know the word! Tell me!)
I'mma shouts out to Chicago, shouts out to New Mexico, you feel me? (Do you really got bitches?)
The whole Chicago, man, you feel me? (Lil B, can you hear me?)
Shouts out, what it do? (Lil B!)
You already know it's your boy, Lil B. (Do you really got bitches?
Yeah, I got a lot of bitches, you feel me?

[Verse 1: Lil B]
I ain't gon' lie, I got a lot of hoes
Big booty bitch with a bank roll
Every bad bitch wanna fuck me
She fuck the BasedGod; bitch, you're lucky
Fuck my old bitch in that new Phantom (Okay!)
Got the -- BITCH called me AC transit
I'mma fuck the -- (MMMMM! Okay!!)
Hundred thousand dollars just to see me

[Interlude: Lil B]
(BasedGod! Fuck the BasedGod!)
I'mma tell you why I'm swagged up. You feel me? 2013 I ain't gonna lie. They ask me what its all about, right? "You're cool. You're very cool."

[Verse 2 : Lil B]
I'mma fuck a ho in the fucking mouth
In ATL, I'm in down south
Riding with the bitch bout erryday
She wanna fuck me, I'm like OKAY
It's a lot of girls that wanna fuck me
In Pakistan they love me
In India or in Japan
Bitches on my dick cause im the fucking man
I be drugging hard, I ain't gon' fucking lie
I popped them viagra, it ain't no surprise
I'mma fuck the bitch about 12 hours
I popped three pills, I look like Harry Potter
Fucked her in the -- 'cause she think I'm playing
I'm finna eat that pussy; I'm going Super Saiyan
I need a Ghetto bitch or a rich ho
Up in the party I don't know where to go

[Interlude 2: Lil B]
We can do whatever, you feel me? You know, this that P.Y.T. Pretty Young Thug mixtape, so you know, we rockin'. You feel me? Thuggin', bitches, the whole nine

[Verse 3 - Lil B]
Ima tell you about the BasedGod
These bitches, man, they love me like its Mardi gras
Its my fucking party I can fucking cry (It's my party!)
Its the BasedGod I ain't gon' fucking lie
Don't play them fucking games with me
Staying fucking close to that -- (Fuckin' heat!)
Real talk niggas let's stop the violence
Lets fuck a couple hoes then go and hit that party

[Outro: Lil B]
I'mma tell you about me
I'mma tell you about, the BasedGod
Now, everybody be coming around talking about "Who based? Who based? Who based?" I'mma keep it based
I'mma tell you about me
Now this, uh, P.Y.T. Pretty Young Thug mixtape, we doing whatever we do, okay? I'mma do whatever I want. Okay? And you gon' have to remember that. Motherfuckers gon' come through, we gon' thug or whatever. But, the topic of the situation is
Lil B