[Hook - Lil B]
Sell dope in the hood, you should build a school
Sell bricks in the hood, you should build a school
I’'m tryin' to keep it real with every move
Nigga stop buyin' chains, and go build a school
Sell dope in the hood, go build a school
Sell bricks in the hood, you should build a school
I’'m tryin' to keep it real with every move
Nigga stop buyin' chains, and go build a school

[Verse 1 - Lil B]
Stop buyin chains, I’mma stop buyin chains
Cause the jeweler don’t give a fuck about me anyway
He laugh in my face when I give him 50 grand for this lil ass chain
Feel me?
These lil ass diamonds that don’t mean nothing
You’'re just another
You’'re really from the hood nigga
Well these niggas is targets, I put dots on em
Make em think he a martian
Send em real far, them bullets make em exhausted
You all in the hood, but you don’t own nothing
You gangbangin' nigga, go incorporate something
Help yo hood and go build a school in it
Truce the whole world that we won’t stop spittin'
Street money, use that for college tuition
Building a school for my real niggas
I’m comin' wit ya, yea I’m comin' to get ya
And I won’t fuck with these niggas that don’t understand
This whole world playin'
Live for yourself, nigga make mistakes on your own
Took so many chances, I ain’t going back home
Bitch, it ain’t funny
Rich girls don’t understand when you ain’t got money
I was feelin' so ill and I see the whole world now
It’s appearance, it’s all about detail
Cure for diseases, lookin' for the next thing
I’m prayin' for the money nigga, I’m tryna see better things
Nigga live life, every day live life
Not for the chain niggas don’t feel right
Not for the game, niggas gotta see life
Might rob the jeweler, nigga don’t respect me
Charge 30 grand nigga, you tryin' to get me
I’mma strip that nigga, pay for that change
Take yo chain and go pawn that, it’s new money
Let me hold that, you feel me? hold something nigga
Go build a school in the hood nigga
Might rob the jeweler, bitch

[Hook - Lil B]

[Verse 2 - Lil B]
Like quit laughing bitch it ain’t funny
Where them diamonds come from, who them people that mining
This is from Africa man, niggas out there losing hands and miss tryna eat and sleep
Niggas get mad when I heard this
Just had to rob a sucker for his Jesus piece
I’mma go build a school, that’s all I can do
Only thing I feel is education pursue it
See niggas educated, quit hatin'
I know all that, window draped nigga
I’m just getting by, how the fuck I’m in your way nigga?
Bitch I’m just getting high
I’m just getting down, this song keeps playin'
Niggas keep sayin, you feel me?
I really give a fuck and I’m finna save the world
Build a school for these little boys and girls
You feel me? Doing my thing
I’mma do my thang (do my thang)
Niggas don’t gotta feel me
I’mma go platinum one day
Niggas askin' when they
You feel me? See a bitch tomorrow
Keep yo head up, you feel me?
Bitch it ain’t funny
And I say quit laughing
I’mma tell these motherfuckers that I’m fuckin' gassin'
Just for later, no hatin'
Heard the symphony of young motherfuckers in the streets
How we gonna eat?
We all sing on the same song
Our shit is complete
Everything but the options complete
Gotta graduate nigga, you feel me?
Good times, bad times
Only thing that we gotta do is
Blast for the top
The fuckin' game in laughs nigga

[Lil B]
You feel me?
I’mma tell you something like this man
This shit deeper than rap of them fuckers ah
You know what I’m sayin?

[Hook - Lil B]