Chorus (sample):
Hey-hey, don't let me go
Hey-hey, don't let me go

Intro:
I only got one chance, once life
Rich after taxes, this that motivation to get you through the night

Verse 1:
Close reactions to the mike
Give me some friction, so I can keep making these words and keep on spittin
The words that I spit come always written
And the blunts that I come flip, they always hitting
Niggas know that I'm always on some missions
No disruption, or i bring discomfort to bitches
And I'm not a disruption, I'm a lucky to niggas
Without me, what would life be without B?
But enough of the cockiness, I'm here you see
Back in the flesh, man, and you stuck, you wrecked
No crying, no steps to friendship, no more lying to reps of the company that you trying to become a vet in
When I step it, it's curtains, niggas pushin, they workin, so they can keep on burnin
Bullets hit you twice and your family yearning
I'm teaching the good lesson, you learning
I hope you is, man, no more chesses(?) detention for bitches, and niggas talk rap, I mind, so mind your business
Niggas, I talk smack, pussy, man, the way in
Far in, you go way in
You keep way in, and I don't see you I'm all the way in
Why you outside? I love my ride
Let the beat ride. Let my soul ride


Chorus
Hey-hey, don't let me go
Hey-hey, don't let me go

You only got one more life. You only got one chance to do it baby
Imma tell you like this, Rich after Taxes, you got my heart

Verse 2:
You wanna--and I ain't talkin'
You wanna see some lead and I ain't talkin 'bout pencils
Best believe my AK bullet shit will get you
Take no prisoners, I got some old shoes that will fit you
What the fuck you muggin' me for?
I ain't muggin' your broad. I don't want her, man
She goin' suck me off, I'm just duckin' the law, tryna' smoke a blunt up in the car
[?] don't step on my airforce ones
Cause I don't trip man, cause I got Forrest Gumps
Straight like that, you be comin' with the mac
Totally equipped with war
What you wanna do bitch? Why you pissin me off?
Lil Boss
Rich after taxes, one life, let the soul music play

Chorus
Hey-hey, don't let me go
Hey-hey, don't let me go