[Intro: Lil B]
Silent President
I ain't happy about nothin'
Real talk, man, you see a lot of these rappers glorifying the hood, you feel me? I ain't never going to glorify the negative, man. I tell you like that, man. I cosign myself, you feel me? You ain't never gonna see me:
"Hey, I'm selling dope!"
"Hey, I shot about thirty people!"
"Hey, I'm in the game and I'm happy about it!"
Fuck that shit, man

[Verse 1]
Pullin' stangz was the neighborhood thing
I went a little farther cause you know I'm from the water
Mirror glorifying, I'm speaking for tomorrow
This is Young Beezy B, I do it with ease
I'm off top like a barber shop, giving them faves
I did it no cover, I take that to the grave
I take a lot of pain; I do a lot of good
Help a lot of humans, I do what I should
Never would've could, I just push through the freeway
A lot of homies on the rock and I ain't talking 'bout [?]
They telling all the homies "die, die with the choppas"
The ones who the hitmans, the ones with no fathers
This is what the mother's cry sounded like
They at the funeral sitting next to killers
With time, they laying low, plotting on the next lick
In the hood, I'm subjected to [?], damn

[Interlude]
So sad to see another, another brother dead
Whoa, whoa, somebody coming in here. Whoa, what the fuck?
Whoa! What's going on? I feel weird

[Verse 2]
Two shots, they took those shots
Somebody call the police, tell them to stop
Worldwide violence is enough for me
Hanging people off a bridge cause the Internet? Please
I'm just sick to my stomach, watch the news and I vomit
Promises broken through the heart, I change the game and I want it
Chess pieces ain't nothing to this game called "Life"
I get money from my heart,; the Earth is providing us light
Don't never say [?] because you all in yo mental
I seen the struggle firsthand, they had no water to bathe with
Still, they don't know no better cause they know how we livin'
You think your poor but the people work ten cents to a penny
They've never seen a house; Their grandma sleeps in bushes
But we forget about these people in America, lookit:
All of us is self-centered, whole family is crooked
Violent culture enslaving us, [?] what happened, fuck it!

[Outro]
Fuck life, man
I hate America
I just feel like I was born into a war that is just so crazy, but if you're like me, and you're not satisfied with the norm, you know
Everybody is just satisfied and taking the rules, but I just got a few questions about them. You know?
And that's what's about being the Silent President is, you know. I make rules up, you know? And the thing about me is I run the Army, all that, Navy, everything, so when I got some rules, I don't even ask Congress or nothing. Fuck a veto, fuck all that, man; my laws is getting passed. Lil B, Silent President,  bitch, I'm on your ass, you feel me?
That's 100, man. Hitting them stangz, you know what I mean?