[Intro]
Real talk. Come check me out my nigga, you know it's an amazing day in the Bay Area. Driving through West Oakland. Drive through East Oakland. Go across to the San Francisco. Drive out to Sacramento. Can't be mad, I'm alive man. I'm pretty happy. Can't be ma... Yeah. Check this out though. Can't stop a real nigga. Cannot stop the real. Lil B. Evil Red Flame. Wop-yeah. Shouts out to Pac

[Chorus]
Even if I go broke I still got my heart
I'ma keep my head up in the rain and the dark
Cause they love me, cause they love me

[Verse]
Now I done came from the darkest of dark
Niggas'll laugh when you hurt
Niggas'll stop when you work
Understand I'm believing in peace
But everyday I'm looked at by the fucking police
And you gon' feel me
And these haters wanna kill me
I'm on the positive track
Suckers won't get to me, for real
I done walk paralyzed with no wheelchair
In the hood niggas broken dreams, left my past there
But my hard head never forget where I came from
All these young niggas dying from the stray gun
Now I love the hood but I ain't gon die in it, but I uplift it
All my niggas that's dividing it
Can't eat together at the table of life
Break bread and fruit
Toast cups and share war stories
The black man depression so complex
Untold lessons no where to look back to
Christopher Columbus
Remember times couldn't sit in buses
Now the old world [?] destruction
Rap music is filled with cussin'
I can curse because my roots are deeper than weather
And the reason that I rap is for the songs and your daughters
I love everyone from winter to August
Don't let the haters get to you
Remember always love individuals

[Chorus]
Even if I go broke I still got my heart
I'ma keep my head up in the rain and the dark
Cause they love me, cause they love me
Even if I go broke I still got my heart
I'ma keep my head up in the rain and the dark
Cause they love me, cause they love me
Even if I go broke I still got my heart
I'ma keep my head up in the rain and the dark
Cause they love me

[Outro]
Evil Red Flame. They can't stop me. Lil B. Yeah