[Intro]
Yeah. Real niggas stand up, you feel me. You know what we doing nigga, open up that duffle bag. Nigga got the backpack. You know tiny jeans. I'm fitting stacks, I'm fitting stacks in that motherfucker. You feel me. You know what the fuck I'm getting bruh. Real shit. Counting thirty on a hundred. Counting thirty. Feel me. Everyday my nigga you know we counting up. Stacking that shit to the bricks, you feel me. Hundred thousand on my dick bitch. You know what the fuck it is nigga

[Verse 1]
Red Flame this, Blue Flame that
There's five of my niggas, fuck that
Hating on the boss, that's the cold ticket
Niggas do your thangs, wishing
Bruh I got that shit stacked to the limit
To the top [?] choppers and the semi
Tiny shirts on with the tiny jeans
My hood niggas flashy fuck it, it's a party
Anywhere I go motherfuckers lucky
Cause I don't move everyday, bitches cost money
Think a lot, thirty thousand
I don't need a bank, it's in public housing

[Interlude]
You feel me. Like I said man niggas is lucky that I move. Any time you see me anywhere nigga that's a blessing. Cause the only time I move is for the money. Niggas'll never see me unless I'm getting paid and I get paid to breath. Think about that, I get paid to be alive. That's real trap money nigga. That's a real hood nigga fuck with me bitch

[Verse 2]
Bruh cooking up, I'm looking cautious
You know they giving fifteen years
To any nigga that's cooking like he suspect
I don't respect the lames, but I respect my dick
Bitch I count money, rather fuck a bitch
I'm thinking fuck a bitch, it's rich nigga clique
I'm banging Bitch Mob, niggas get money
I have inequity, I'm investing stock
I think I'm Lisa Lesley, I just bought a car
Gone in sixty seconds, niggas selling bitches
And I'm buying bitches
Sell a zip, buy a ho
Because I'm getting it nigga

[Interlude 2]
[?] bitch. With the trap money nigga sell off a zip, buy a hoe. What's up. You feel me. You know we clean off the slate. Fresh off the boat my nigga. Whatever you need we got it. Like I said Lil B for Lil Boss nigga