I wanna start off by saying I love everybody in here. And I appreciate everyone. This is a big, big thing, because that’s what I always wanted to do. Make sure that we, as a people, come in and say, “Hey, for real, congratulations for being alive. Thank you for living.” Thank you. You know, thank you for being alive!

Everybody’s voice is so important in here. Nobody can be left behind. America, worldwide, however you living, 2014 nobody can be left behind. Friendship, love, just keep going from the heart, being yourself

This is how you change the world, things like this. People supporting each other. Supporting your Riverside friends, your family, your other family from over there, your family from Korea, your family from Africa, Europe and Germany. You know what I’m saying? Your family from Australia, you know what I’m saying, your family from Thailand. You want to support everybody. The local business owners, you wanna support them. The big, big companies, you wanna support them. You wanna support everybody, you feel me?

Live your life how you want to. Take my love. It’s an unconventional method of thinking. It’s not normal

Don’t ever feel bad about who you are, you know what I’m saying? That’s a hard thing for all of us

[Based Freestyle]
I’m on the UC Riverside, closer to the riverside
Looking all the beautiful people in they eyes
But you know what? I’m not surprised, because this is meant to be
We are making history, this is us, this is real
Lil B, man, I just speak how I feel
Hip-hop is the new love, because this is us, speaking on your mind
Say what you feel all the time
Make sure of this: we’ve gotta support our friends
Love our people all the way to the end
And when I say people, I’m not talking about me, I’m talking about all of us
Never think key words or some secret codes
I’m not speaking in secret codes to anybody but all of us
This is all love, man
This is all love to the 100 percent
I’m not here to rep my race to win, or some fear shit
I’m not here for all that. I’m here for the people