[Intro]
Evil Red Flame. Check me out. What would niggas do for 100 dollars? Think about it. Real shit

[Verse 1]
What would niggas do for 100 dollars?
Rob another, spend time behind bars
Ten years ain't enough for a felon
What the courts think
I'm saddened by the value of paper
Another life is equal to vapor
And the hustler's dream
Niggas scheme [?]
Wanna lie to your fam
Won't return the favor
A lot of money niggas act like your neighbor
No money niggas act like you're stupid
Who influenced the generation to be driving by the dollar sign
No money then we will die, maybe not
Because our spirit live on
They wanna see you suffering
Overseas they got [?] outbreaks in places
That can't get proper funds to save it
No help from the outside
I wish I knew my history
I wanna say more about American dreams
What's a dream represent, a lottery ticket
Niggas spending dough, uh huh yeah
So while the people suffer on the street
They be forgetting the real
They forget that we need something to eat
I don't repeat that shit
What's a couple dollars?
What's 100 dollars?

[Chorus]
What's 100 dollars?
What does it mean to you?
Is it nothing or would you die for it?
Check me out
What's 100 dollars?
What does it mean to you?
Is it nothing or would you die for it?

[Verse 2]
Niggas judge
I rather look broke than be a scrub
They think it's a name brand
Who they love, you or your Prada shoes?
I'm deeper than them niggas that think behind Mercedes Benz
Nothing blood
But the bitches love security, a house to stay at
Money promotes that
But when you broke they won't call back
I went dirty to be myself
If you love me then you can sit next to a king
Wine and dine, you a god yourself
I found mine at 21, I'll be blessed at 22
Feeling like the time passing
Credit cards and debit cards are paying loans off to buy a house
The credit gets no love
What's a dollar to you?
Seems like the charts to pursue
Take a trip to see a place people different from you
I guess we all can relate
If you won 100 dollars
Let me see the grin on your face nigga
What's 100 dollars to you?

[Chorus]
What's 100 dollars?
What does it mean to you?
Is it nothing or would you die for it?
Think about it
What's 100 dollars?
What does it mean to you?
Is it nothing or would you die for it?
Lil B. Evil Red Flame

[Outro]
That's how I feel about this shit. Cause it's like
Niggas wonder why I wear my dirty pants, nigga dirty shoes. I've been wearing the same pants every day for the last couple years. Niggas wonder why I do that. It's because it's deeper than money with me. It's like man I'ma force the girl to love me for me. I'm forcing the motherfuckers to love me for me. Take me how you want it. Bad days and good days. If you fuck with me you sit next to a king. You dining next to a god. Remember that. What's 100 dollars?