Real shit though, Evil Red Flame
Nigga this on a whole 'nother level

[Verse :1 Lil B]
Niggas came with this (this), niggas came with that (that)
Dog I got that good (what?), dog I got that food (cocaine)
What you need nigga? Slangin' off them cheaper prices (for the low)
Your price is wack..my price is priceless
I will drive 7 seas for that heavy duty
Real hustlers know..stuff it in her booty (take that bitch)
I don't play games. And I don't say names (nope). I'm not a teacher (nope)
I'm Ron Artest (swish). Serve the whole crowd, win the championship (swag)
I'm Doug Flutie, with an assault rifle
I'm Larry Bird, with a half a bird, like Church's Chicken; you have some nerve (for cheap)
Niggas think I fell off I was working 60 (hustlin')
Never had a charger, but my gun's a Hemi
Lamborghini bitch I feel like John Tesh (classical)
Classical Music (amazing). Classical bitches (amazing)
All your girls hate you (amazing), like you're morning sickness
All my bitches love me, like morning breakfast (they love me)
I'm like the eggs. You're like the plate. You hold me up. While I sit in cheese
Juvenile bitch my bullets 400 degrees
Niggas think they're big shots we'll take out his knees
I don't wanna be the guy that no one's respectin'
Fuck respect bitch, I'll be the one you neglectin'
Heavy duty bullets, Call Of Duty: Black Ops
Because I'm in the bushes
I bought a bitch and I bought a new Xbox
Bought a new Range
Copped the Red Flame
Downloaded Blue Flame (Datpiff), shotgun in the trunk (Live Mixtapes)
For them player haters, bitch I'm Forest Gump
Bitch I'm Mandela
Nigga full nelson
All my bitches Helen Keller, they can't see you niggas
But they still shoot, that gun forever
I got money in the safe cuz I'm paranoid
Two guns in my waist cuz I will destroy
No mask on my face cuz I'm a idiot (Dr. Phil)
Bring the gun to his house make him sleep with it (Dr. Phil)
Sellin' off things. I'm Barbara Walters (whoopie)
This is a vest (This is the view) (whoopie)
I lay you in that coffin (whoopie)
Lil B the God bitch (Dr. Phil) (whoopie)
This is toy soldiers, nigga fuck around with me don't think I told ya
Evil Red Flame bitch, this is toy soldiers (whoopie)
Nigga fuck with me. Don't think I told ya
Red Flame, Evil Red Flame bitch (whoopie)

[Lil B talking]
Aye light that weed up while we in New York you feel me
Nigga I'm on the east coast right now recording this shit, it's the winter time
Evil Red Flame it's still hot though
Shouts out to Cam'ron
Shouts out to Juelz Santana
Shouts out to Jim Jones, Freekey Zekey
Shouts out to Dipset