Sssssssssss
Throw up a couple 4s in this bitch, ya feel me?
Yeah
It's your boy
RIP my man Nate Dogg, you feel me?

[Verse 1]
What I see goin on is broke niggas that's headstrong
Drug dealer's bringing in hope, the crack rocks
Smack broads cause they act stupid or act wrong
I guess that's why I rap intact with black thoughts
No-one ever thought beezy B, he backs off
Express my words in rap songs
Read myself... ... one
When niggas start to rap I see em throwin a mask on
What I mean by that is, I'm sayin I'm not hard
I'm not a thug, I don't bust slugs or cap broads
But what I will do is cut thugs and slap broads
And I'm a real rapper, not putting a mask on
I see myself curly, like looking through glass walls
I take a smoke, pause, roll it up, pass bongs
If you wanna know about life, just ask moms
Cause pops ain't here, psh, that's your dad's wrongs
I ain't trippin, listen, my last song
Will tell you what the fuck man, haha
I'm writing, don't ask punk

[Hook]
My lil advice to niggas is pay attention
Peep all game, and niggas speak when they listen
You don't wanna be buried 6 feet, not mentioned
That's all I give, my words is not written
X2

[Verse 2]
It's easy to be shady, it's easy to break a bitch
It's why I got a mental, fuck [???] ain't shit
You can let a bitch get in and get by
Cause in my brain, that type of shit just don't fly
Niggas run up man, shit just don't slide
I'll give it to em real verbal, I don't lie
That's why I keep my hand on [???], high
Finger stuck in a rose, I close minds
Stay froze man, don't sleep with closed eyes
Only [????] but sharper than most knives
Keep my bin humble man, [????] most guys
Keep my pad close man, surprise!
I got that shit
Man I'm ill, ill, ill, ill, ill, shit
Like I said before, I'm a lot smarter than most guys
My brain's cooking, shh, where the toast rise

[Hook x2]

[Verse 3]
Are you as pissed as I am? You hate the world that much too?
That's why I stay on game and lames get fucked too
I started playing games man, shit get stuck to
Mom said if you let them go, they bust you
That's why I deal with problems with fonk dude
Nada, uh uh, I'm up to
Corrupt niggas stuck, leave him with cuts too
I don't give a fuck, I'm shady so fuck you
If you takin notes, I combust you
I ain't very mean, I'm just leanin, I stuck
To
You
That's all I'm sayin, on TV the streets dude, these niggas is not playin
The greenin' got 'bove dudes I slayin [?]
I slay em
Fuck em
Leave em
Hanging

You feel me? Ay man
It's your boy Lil B man, God's Father mixtape
Thank y'all so much for supporting me
You know, throughout these years man I been doing it man
And to still be on top, man, and for y'all not to forget about me, and, you know, I keep that love
Like I said, I'm not signed, man I'm unsigned worldwide's number 1 unsigned artist around the world, you feel me
So, take it like that bruh