[Intro: Cypher]
World tour, world tour
World tour, world tour
Aye, yeah yeah
Aye, yeah yeah
Go up

[Verse 1: Cypher]
You come on the bus, you getting fucked, most bitches know what's up
The Pretty Biggie got it lit in room 112
Worldwide tour, I could pop up in your city
Do some art up on your titties, write a verse about a silly feel me?
You never know what they into
Money make a freak bitch do some shit too
Watch two bitches fucking eat they ass out, in the strip club
Tell me what that cash bout, low sleep
Downtown, OT, Hustle up DJ (?)
I got the boss girl
Naked Polaroids all over the house, girl
Rap rockstars straight from the hood, bitch
I can't sleep, paranoia can't deluce this
We'll run it all summer 'til the fall, baby
We do the remix, gotta call JD
Sold out for the party, yeah, we on the map
Bitch it's game time, with your dream girl, givin neck now
(?), I'm a hot boy
They believe me, leave em' fienin'

[Hook: Cypher]
He ain't ever hung with rappers before
He ain't know we party hard 'til like 6 in da morning
Twist some blunts, do some strongs
And hop back on the road, bitch!
He ain't ever hung with rappers before, no!
He ain't ever hung with rappers before
Talking all that freaky shit but they ain't giving you throat
Party at the crib, let me see you get low, Bitch!
You getting flipped, this is my word

[Verse 2: G-Eazy]
I'm taking a Rollie off at TSA, time flies
Bad Bitch bring me weed and some Popeyes
Every bar is all facts, these are not lies
Bitch I'm larger than life, you just life-sized
This is new to you huh?
You might find it strange
It's a Wednesday night, we still tryna rage
I'm more rich than a lawyer, he twice my age
Goin' hard 'til the end
'Til the final page
I been Hyphy, i'm a verteran
I call the plug, he delivering my medicine
I'm hella deep in the club, they still let me in
They say 'When it comes to that party we do everything'
You ain't seen shit, this is normal as fuck
Not normal to you, but this is normal to us
Throwin' bitches in the pool, that's what goes on
Three bitches, one Gerald, no clothes on
Aye!

[Hook: Cypher]
He ain't ever hung with rappers before
He ain't know we party hard 'til like 6 in da morning
Twist some blunts, do some strongs
And hop back on the road, bitch!
He ain't ever hung with rappers before, no!
He ain't ever hung with rappers before
Talking all that freaky shit but they ain't giving you throat
Party at the crib, let me see you get low, Bitch!
You getting flipped, this is my word