[Intro: LightSkinKeisha]
Listen, okay? Let me just say this: if a nigga wanna fuck with me, he gon' fuck with all of me, he ain't gon' fuck with me sometimes, he gon' fuck with me at all motherfucking times, period. I ain't going for none of that bullshit. You know, these niggas be out here tryna play mind games and shit with a bitch like, I ain't got time for that! You know what I'm saying? I ain't got time for that! Niggas ain't the only one that's getting money too, like, bitches is getting money too, nigga. My time is money, nigga! Don't waste my time, nigga!

[Verse 1: 6LACK & Offset]
I am not like these niggas, I be penicillin in the cut (woo)
That mean I'm chillin' in the cut (woo)
Made a million in the cut (woo!)
I'm Balenciaga challenge
Tryna find my balance
Offset with the bag
That mean I ain't goin' out sad (woo, woo, woo)
My melodies came from everything I came from
They talking to God, everything I got came from him
Ain't no fatigue in my blood
It's just a lot of weed in my blood
Had to finish
Keep running your mouth like Akademiks
It's a everyday struggle
But I still remain humble
We can compare and all that
But you know it ain't all that, yeah
(Ayy, ayy, ayy, yeah, ayy)

[Chorus: 6LACK]
I pick up the pace, up the pace
I can never take a break (nigga, break)
Then I brought my trouble where I stay
So I cannot run away (yeah)
I pick up the pace, up the pace
I can never take a break (nigga, break)
Then I brought my trouble where I stay
So I cannot run away

[Verse 2: Offset]
800 racks in my safe (racks)
Used to have dope in the base (dope)
Nigga, I'm a Nawfside native (Nawf)
I was never understood, they hated (no)
Grow dope with the wolves with the slave (wolves)
'Cause the P got shot and couldn't make it (pow)
I had case after cases (cases)
I never switched up, 'cause I'm gangsta (rah)
These diamonds is hues like Langston (rah)
I wear diamonds and gold cause we ancient (ancient)
She wanna expose me, she anxious (expose)
Had to cut off my bro, on some lame shit (cut off)
It keep burnin' my soul that these lames switch (girl)
The rings of trophy on banquette (yeah)
I'm geeked up on codeine, I can't quit (yeah)
Got a bust down Patek, a plain bitch (Patek)
Had 'em bust that bitch, what her name is (smash)
M-I-G-O where the gang is (gang!)
You know that we armed and dangerous (rah)
I'm havin' thoughts of knockin' 'em off
My mind is cautious (hrr)
I had a heart 'til grandma had died and now I am heartless (heartless, hey)
I’m movin' smart, my money Colossus

[Chorus: 6LACK]
Yeah, I pick up the pace, up the pace
I can never take a break
Then I brought my trouble where I stay
So I cannot run away (yeah)
I pick up the pace, up the pace
I can never take a break
Then I brought my troubles where I stay
So I cannot run away