[Common]
Phone rang
Screen said caller ID blocked
But for some reason, I decided to answer it
On the other end was a French accent
He told me we needed to rap quick
Cause he had did some bad shit
And would be gone for years
Spending these last two days with his momma and his kids
When he spoke, I wasn't trying to hear it
Cause I knew he was a real good person
And this didn't seem like it was in his spirit
He couldn't believe as much as I couldn't, what he had done
He said now it's time for him to turn himself in
For no longer could he run
From life, from God
I started thinkin, "Why is doin' right is so hard?"
I thought back to when we was in London, discussin' the New Testament
And how our lives related to it, and how we could make the best of it
My voice became desperate, so I asked him: "Why you gotta go?"
He said, "You know, turn to Matthew 24"
He said, "No one knows the hour, nor do they know the day
But the kingdom is near; don't let anything lead you astray
As long as God is with me, everything will be okay"
So right about then, we decided to pray...

[Omar Lye-Fook]
Just lying back making the smoke disperse away....
Deep into clouds (deep into clouds)
It's making things appear to me so clearly....
Deep in the clouds (deep in the clouds)
Just lying back making the smoke disperse away...
Deep in the clouds (deep in the clouds)
It's making things appear to me so clearly...
Deep into clouds (yeah)

[Cee-Lo Green]
Your time
Is a terrible thing to waste!!!
For there's
Not one of these possesions that you can bring to space (yeah, it don't matter)
Its a challenge
But the chance of seeing, is quite a dream to chase (yes it is)
I hope
I remind God of him when he sees my face (yeah)
He gon see it!

[Bilal]
(keeps on )
This feeling just keeps on lifting me higher (ever)
And its everflowing it's everflowing
(keeps on )
When every thing, puts a smile on my face(ever-flowing, ever-flowing)
And I recognize the strong goal
But I keep on going, I keep on going (he keeps on going)
I keep on going on!!
(he keeps on going echo)

[Jill Scott]
All mighty love
Watching over me....
A smile........brillant.....
All over .....constantly.....
Warm .....comforting.....
Perfect...like ...no..thing
No hate..no confusion...no strain
Simply peace.... simply
Simply...simply...simply

[Mary J. Blige]
No fear! Heaven is to me
No fear of destruction
Understanding who he is
His name is Christ!!(yeah)
Heaven, heaven is to me
Wisdom, understanding, knowledge

[Erykah Badu]
Streets of gold and pearly gates
Halos wings all dressed in white
Angels sing and cymbols glare
No ones rich no one's poor
People dreaming they live free
Making love while they in love
Wonderful dream wake me when you're home

[Pops]
Heaven? Heaven is being Pops
Heaven is spending a day with the grand children
Listening to their voices and laughter and play
And then at the end of the day we hug, we kiss, and slowly they walk away
And then suddenly they turn and rush back to me and hug me around the knees
Yeah, thats heaven to me