When you think of Chicago, certain thoughts come to mind: Jordan waxin’ kids on the court, the Bears puttin’ heads to bed with the 46 defense, and, uh, house music. To tell the truth, Chicago is definitely not known for quality hip-hop, but that is about to change because the Windy City is soon going to be recognized as the place where Common Sense dwells. This former winner of The Source’s “Unsigned Hype” section shows and proves the skill trade on his debut Can I Borrow A Dollar. And, after you get a taste of his laid-back tongue style and well constructed tracks, you’ll understand why there’s no defense against Common Sense.

[The Source:] How did you start out rappin’?
[Common Sense:] I got introduced to hip-hop by listening to records ‘n shit. I used to go to my cousin’s house in Cincinnati for the summer, ‘n his homies had a rap group. So they like geeked me up to rhyme and I would try to write my own shit from there. That was back around ’83, ’84.

The Chicago rap scene has been going on for a while and is just now startin’ to get its props, right?
Yeah, exactly. It just so happened that house music was in the forefront and getting its props. But on the underground tip, there were, and still are, a lot of hip-hoppers, real b-boys you know what I’m sayin’? From back when niggas used to be breakdancing and doing graffiti ‘n shit, [Chicago] niggas used to be up on that shit.

Where do you see yourself fitting in hip-hop?
I see myself fitting in right in the middle. It’s tripped out ‘cause since we’re coming from the midwest and you have those that are on the gangsta tip ‘n some on the smooth tip. I see myself as just another average kid trying to get his shit off, you know?

What about your form of rhymin’?
I think it’s original. I just write stuff from my perspective, ‘cause I’m no rich kid, but I ain’t no poor kid. I’m not trying to come like I’m from the ghetto. I rhyme on things that are different, tryin’ to kick shit for the everyday people. Say you’re sitting down watching the Def Jam Comedy show, and some comedian says somethin’ dope, I’ll pick that up, or something from back in the day from a Saturday morning commercial ‘n niggas will be like “yo, he remembered that shit?”

You dissed kids pretty bad on “Charm’s Alarm” concerning not stayin’ true.
There’s niggas out there that are just wack, that think they’re doing rap but they’re just doing some bullshit. And they’re getting props off that shit, just showing a lil’ muscle or somethin’. I’m just not with that phony shit.