[Verse 1: King Louie]
Put the guns down, get your money up
Let the kids live
Grown goofys killin' babies, what them kids did?
Shit I live to see my mama, see her kid's kid
And I put on for my city, what your kid did?
Thanks to me the young Gs gettin' real bread, Panera
Put the guns down and do better
Put the guns down and do better

[Verse 2: Katie Got Bandz]
Chiraq crazy, gotta tell 'em put the guns down
Shorties out here wildin', they ain't even got aim now
Hittin' the wrong ones, Rastas cuttin' off their dreads now
12 ain't no better, they'll kill you for respect now
Guns, put 'em up, tired of beggin', sippin' up
The streets love Katie cause I spit the realest stuff
Why you shooters tell, you ain't built, give it up
Shorties stickin' up toys like they're in Toys 'R' Us

[Verse 3: Saba]
Never ran from Ku Klux and I shouldn't have to run from 'em
My brother, we went to school together and passed more than just judgement
We save that for the lord, just seen a gurney
Journey cut short, I wonder what was stored
Yo you are not your surroundings so stop the hunt like a bounty
My town forgot about their dreams and jumped to their plan B
We robbin' and shootin', pollutin' the optics with Glock hits
Why we think we gotta be in politics to stop it?

[Hook: King Louie]
Put the guns down, put the guns down
Don't shoot 'em
Put the guns down, put the guns down
Don't shoot 'em
Put the guns down, put the guns down
Don't shoot 'em
Put the guns down, put the guns down
Don't shoot 'em

[Verse 4: Common]
I walk around the town, it's run down
Sun up to Sun down, it's gun sounds
It's like Nas, light up the nighttime
Whole city surrounded by chalk lines
No vital signs in the city, mamas holler cause they hear me
My [?] got smoked so it's hard to see clearly
It's eerie where the dead men walk, feds, they talk
Caught up in the system but the system's never caught in this bitch

[Verse 5: Nick Jr.]
A lot of my friends been a victim by a gun
I live in a city where the people get greedy
Broadcast everywhere, CNN [?] sell it
Been happenin' since Al Capone days
When you hear a doot doot, get the hell out the way
Kids gettin' hit by bullets with no names
[?] are silly, pull the pole with no aim
Now police do the same, I hope you feel my pain

[Verse 6: Tree]
This is for the shorties
Posted on College go with the 40
Your homie got hit up, you know the story
Prolly did it before, never did pay for it
But you know what else, my nigga? You never got paid for it
Hey boy, I ain't the boys, I've just seen it before
You shoot, you go to jail, you never get out no more
And the police, they never write you, your homies, they got your whores
And you're stuck up in the cell missin' kickin' it on the porch

[Verse 7: Mic Terror]
You [?] thug, you hardass [?]
Could you at least go to target practice?
Before you hit Heidi up, baby Jhene
But you an anybody killer, you [?]
I guess Jonylah Watkins was an opp, huh?
Can't box none so you wanna pop some
But why you ain't that hard when the cops come?
I can see it in your eyes, stop frontin'

[Hook: King Louie]
Put the guns down, put the guns down
Don't shoot 'em
Put the guns down, put the guns down
Don't shoot 'em
Put the guns down, put the guns down
Don't shoot 'em
Put the guns down, put the guns down
Don't shoot 'em

[Verse 8: G Herbo]
I come from the bottom
Where the shooters shootin' each other for a couple dollars
Homicide cause your side say his side have a problem
Resort to the drama
[?] killin' for honor, they don't think about your mama
They love the Instagram, they don't think about the commas
You [?] niggas copycats, I'm doing this you're doin' that
Y'all want them Robin jeans, them Gucci belts, them Louis hats
I'm up on bigger things like fuck a plane, let's do a jet
I bought them Vicky rings like fuck the Range, I pull the Vette
But nah forreal, before you pull that trigger, what if you was next?
I'm gone

[Verse 9: Noname Gypsy]
I was partially standin' beside him
When they parted the red sea, see the blood on the hydrant
And the leaves like Ye said, they dead, funeral
Newspaper like a brand new obituary
Rap with my contemporaries, I ain't gotta think about it
I dreamt about it, what's a demon to a ghetto now?
Move around, heard a couple shots in my solitude
Hallelu- went right past, that's what God'll do