[Intro] [Common talking]:
Yeah yeah, what up y'all. It's Common right here. We got it rockin' by my man JS-1 from the Rock Steady Crew, you know how we do. Whatever ya like we gon' give it to ya. Live and direct. Yo JS, put it in effect. Mic check. Yeah yeah yeah

[Scratch Hook]:
"It's ridiculous how I'm sick with this"
"Just mad, you'll never be as nice as I am" - Jadakiss 'Rite Where U Stand'
"It's ridiculous how I'm sick with this"
"Live on stage" - Prodigy 'Keep It Thoro'
"Tourin' overseas" - LL Cool J '4,3,2,1'
"It's ridiculous how I'm sick with this"
"Does he really know how ill that he is?" - Nas 'Got Ur Self A Gun'
"Sick wit it, yeah I'll admit it"
"Live on stage"
"That's just the way it is"

[Verse One] [O.C.]:
So articulate is my verbal
It age with time, I'm 1971 Merlot
Or Cabernet, there's no need to elaborate
Just pop the cork and let it marinate
I'm a rare vintage
Save the prayers for the sickest pedophiles and them crooked politicians
Spit game
Still vicious than dog fights
More popular than barbeques sippin' Coors Light
Agile rhythm make four good
Verse to rewind back
J stands behind that
Check the wine list
Libations on me
Oeuvres and caviar, it's all Credle
Put your glasses in the air let's make a toast
Afterwards, celebrate by breakin' the flutes
Taster's choice, it's all in the voice
When it's all said and done
? the song say

[Scratch Hook]

[Verse Two] [Pharoahe Monch]:
I miraculously move mountains
Make money
Monch is mainly into moves to Krush Grooves
Cause chaos and crack craniums
Fuel the nuclear reactor like Uranium
Somehow the Sopranos remind me of the game we in
The screen writer, script flipper
Every scene they say
Somethin' imaginative, I train like a green beret
In the hood where the hookers and the crack be
Stunt like Knievel's tracks, bump like acne
Ridiculously magical, masterly mathematical
Swagger of Mick Jagger mixed with a classical attitude
Fiend for chicks in tight jeans to show gratitude
That's why Queens is still the longitude and latitude
Hat low, over my braids, I'm inconspicuous
I'm everywhere, I'm ubiquitous
A perfectionist, so meticulous
JS-1, sick with it, it's ridiculous

[Scratch Hook]

[Outro] [Common talking
Yeah yeah. Dig it. Yo JS, cut that shit up homie. Drop it on 'em. Do ya thing brah