[Hook]
It's that crazy. That realness
It's not love, but I feel it
I want it, I need it
Ooh baby, sex with you
Mamma
(Girl you pretty sexy)
Sex with you
Whoa

[Verse 1: Luke Christopher]
Wow! You like the baddest in your class
And not to mention the fact you got the fattest little ass
Ha! You got the fattest little ass
Contradicted a nigga, got me thinkin' too fast
Who am I? Who are you? What is this?
And why are we alone if you ain't suckin' dick?
And ain't wanna ever be about a chick
That's why I rarely ever kiss, ha!
It's crazy how I'm caught up in this shit
And other niggas always at the bottom of the pit
And rappers always getting up to start 'em really quick
With a mixtape knowin' they will never have a hit
I was tryna get a nigga on a hook, fisherman
Lyin' to a nigga sayin' yea, it's official man
Why them women always treat me like a whistle man?
Oh, you could do the math!

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Common]
Touchin' where you've never been touched before
Hot sex on the plat, fuckin' oven door
Pullin' on your weave, yeah tug of war
Sweet pussy so juicy, seduce me
With the smell of it. My female subject
I'll write a story for ya. Play the trumpets girl
Cause I'm a horny lover. Haha, no vacation waterfalls
Sexy motherfuck that's what your daughter calls me
Whatever we do, we gotta be free
To climax, you've been plotting with me
Now you opened up, bedsheets soaked enough
Hopin' for the best, girl I guess you hoped enough
Cause now I'm here in your ear sayin' things you never heard of
You want sex but you deserve love
Birds of a feather that came together
Now you're sayin' my name forever. Love made it better, come on

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Luke Christopher]
Wow! You like the baddest in the room
And not to mention the fact you've got the fattest pair of boobs
Yeah I said a pair of boobs
If don't you want it from a nigga you must not be into dudes
Yeah that phony that you're with, Doo doo
Time to toss a nigga out, FUBU
And no one's ever had a body like you do
Would it be bad if I was in command like voodoo?
And just for your sake don't wear a thong
For your sake don't be the subject of a song
For your sake don't let a nigga do you wrong
And for my sake, don't introduce me to your mom
Cause moms don't fuck with rappers
And I don't fuck with nappers
And never really fucked with slackers
That's why I'm in the hip hop biz and not an actor

[Hook]

How it wish that it would rain, it would rain
How I wish that it would rain every night
Sex with you, cause if it rained every day, every day
Every night you could stay inside (Side, side)

Luke Christopher!
Sex with you
Common!
Sex with you