[Verse 1: Jeremih]
Bongo By The Way
I was poppin' fine, poppin' to you
Talkin' Orville Redenbacher to you
Gettin' cake, talkin' soccer to me
Feel bad if you an opportunist
Harlem Shake these hoes like Mase and Diddy
Fuck 'em all if they act sadity
Who the man when I pop in your city?
Sparkle the bottles, we got it litty
Tell the haters, blockin' "no no no"
She got her man, I say "so so so"?
Why my wrist look like the glow, glow, glow?
Why my neck look like the po po pos?
She brought a friend, we had our friends
Her hair and her nails 'cause she fancy
Her baby daddy can't stand me
'Cause she call me daddy for damny
Oh, you pop her too?
Everywhere we pop her too
Yoppers, we be poppin' too
Your girl call me papi too
After party, poppin' too
It's litty when we poppin' through
She pop for the pocket too
She leavin' but not with you
Ain't no--

[Interlude: Girls talking Spanish]
Girl 1: Que estás haciendo ahora?
Girl 2: Mm, no sé, ahora o a la noche?
Girl 1: Es Cinco de Mayo, vamos a tomar tequila?
Girl 2: Hay que celebrar! Con Jeremih?
Girl 1: Ay Jeremih!

[Chorus]
Ayy, I don't think they got no panties on, damn!
I said I don't think she got no panties on, damn!

[Verse 2]
She came in here to ball out
I came in here to ball out
And I'm not one to holla if you ain't got no dollars
She's 21 and Savage, she's too bad for a time-out
And can I get your number? You makin' niggas call out (brr)
Señorita, I just sit back and then sip slow
I have not felt this way before
Oh, oh you bonita señorita
I can't look and let this go
Go, just if I say must say so, oh
[??] freaky girls, got 'em in the [?] world
Tried to put me on they Snap, I had to push her off my lap
You had to push her off your lap? I had to push her off my lap
And I got so many views, I had to get that ass smacked
Listen, you call her, you dippin', we all know
You kill it, small talk, she look back, scream "Dada"
No panties, no bra-bra, I'm likin'' how they shake, yeah, them chachas
Ayy, blah blah, that ass, that bumbum
Yeah, yeah, got a couple bad bitches and I had a bad week but now I'm all good
It's Margarita Monday, shawty need a runway up on Hollywood
Yeah, yeah, oh shit, it's a good day, summer with the top down and we smokin' wood
Yeah, she said play her favorite song, she got no panties on, I'm good

[Chorus]
Ayy, I don't think they got no panties on, damn!
I said I don't think she got no panties on, damn!