[Intro: Jay-Z & Rell]
(We're the ones with the flame) Yeah
(We're the fire that remains) Turn Rell up a lil bit
(We're controllin' the game from now on) Huh
Yeah! It's the world-renowned, internationally-connected
Locally-accepted, Roc-A-Fella Records
Don't get it confused (Roc, baby)
Doin' what we do (It's the Roc, baby)
B. Sig., Rell, Peedi Crakk
Free, Young H-O, Bleek (You understand)
And introducin'

[Verse 1: Young Chris (Neef Buck)]
It's Young C (Young C!), home of Philly, young and hungry
All the girlies wanna fall in lust with me
And every hood in the world discussin' me
I hit it once, then I'ma give it up to Neef

[Verse 2: Neef Buck (Young Chris)]
It's Neef Buck (Neef Buck) out the cut (out the cut)
All the haters wanna claim that they fuck with us
It ain't a game, niggas know that they Toys R Us
They can't fuck with us (AAAWWWWWW)

[Verse 3: Omillio Sparks]
I'm the one, man I'm money, hoes, clothes and shows
To do with your ho all wrapped in one, I'm not done!
Man, I'm the shit after its all said and done
The one to cop one, come back for another one
Quick fast, like rapid refund
I'm the grrrrrrr, mean green out the money machine
I'm not done! I'm Omillio
And interviews thought you could hold Sparks in the hood

[Break: Jay-Z & Young Chris]
And you like it
All those haters talkin shit we don't like it

[Verse 4: Beanie Sigel]
We love it, that black mask, black glove shit
Roll up on him don't budge, bitch
With my MAC, and my TEC, and my vest, just like that
For them niggas thinkin' Mack Milli not really from the streets
I'm that gallstone trapped in the belly of the beast

[Chorus: Rell]
Those seen here will lead you forever
And we will not leave you, never
And our voices will ring (rrrring!) together
As one (AAAWWWWW)

[Verse 5: Freeway]
It's young Free! Move, workin' the wheel, hand jerkin' the V
Busters know if you cross the line, thinkin I'm off my job
But I'm on like Chris when he popped his cuz
Thinkin them slugs'll fly

[Verse 6: Peedi Crakk]
Call me P.C.! Tempers spillin', I peel, look how I'm killin' the wheel
The fitted tilt to the left, the shirt blend with the sweats
Your girls skirts and veils, she undressin', don't stare
Take a picture, nigga, packin' the bills

[Verse 7: Jay-Z]
I'm the one! Young H-O, a game of none
What you think I'd do to the brain of that dame you brung?
Listen hon! Twist up one, this is Armi, sip some
It's only 40 proof, it feel like 151
When I'm done! Make a run with The Roc
Rock Air Force 1's, rock a bun, hide shit in her hair
When I come! Through customs, cops can't bust him
It's Hov' the Hustler, I'm having one hell of a run!

[Break: Jay-Z & Young Chris]
And you like it
All those haters talkin' shit we don't like it

[Verse 8: Memphis Bleek]
No, we love it, I got a mami with a body
Don't touch it, you can't fuck with
Young Easy, up on the Just Blaze production
You get nothin', we get enough spins
Can't stop us from coppin bottles while we clubbin'
It's the R-O-C forever, tell the public, huh!

[Chorus: Rell]
Those seen here we'll lead you forever
And we will not leave you, never
And our voices will ring (rrrring!) together
As one (AAAWWWWW)