[Samples from "We Are the Champions" by Queen]
Time after time / I've done my sentence / but committed no crime
I've done my sentence / but committed no crime
I've done my sentence / but committed no crime, crime, crime
And we mean to go on and on and on and on

[Intro: Dame Dash]
Sup y'all? Yo, this is Dame Dash the CEO
Here to welcome y'all to the Dream Team
What y'all niggas thought I was gonna rap? Never
I'm just a little mad at niggas comin at my neck
Like my Team ain't the best in the world... y'knahmsayin?
Like we ain't got Beans, Cam, Jay, Bleek, Freeway

[Hook]
We are the champions, my friend
And we'll keep on fighting, to the end
We are the champions, we are the champions
No time for losers / cause we are the champions... of the world

[Dame Dash]
Got damn Kanye! I bet niggas didn't know you could rap huh? (They didn't)
That's my motherfucking producer
This the producer on the Roc, he rap better than most rappers!

[Kanye West]
Well Dame, if these niggas thought about they self for a change
Then maybe they can finally figure out how to get they self some change
I done seen jealousy make niggas do t-terrible things
How'd that song go I did with HOV, oh yeah -- shit'll never change
Not to worry, though – we are the cham-p-ions
Spend a lot of time in Hampt-i-ons, do a lot of beats you can't be on
Damn all these fans can't be wrong, damn B.I.G. you can't be gone
Make those beats thugs want to rock, make a nigga feel just like 'Pac
Make it street but it just might pop, make it straight to the mountain top
Had the Chi' on lock, when they finally heard I signed with Roc
Came in the game, changed it again, changed everything, yeahhhhh
If you feeling this here, throw your fucking hands in the air

[Young Chris]
Its the Roc-a-Fella label baby fuck them other labels baby
And we been ducking shots from all them haters lately
We getting paper baby, them others trying to keep up
We on top, so I guess we they saviors - NOPE!
We labelled as the Roc-A-Fellas, Jacob, watch's colors
Everywhere hell yea, test us and the gauges BLOW!
Fuck they hatin fo'? Don't make me pop a fella
Roc-A-Fella, stop a fella, could get hot for fellas, SIG!!!

[Beanie Sigel]
WHAT?! Don't make me chop a fella, have to call the cop for fellas
Order helicopter fellas... NIG-GA! I'm a Roc-A-Fella
What nigga for Roc-A-Fella shit I will rock a fella
Dame! (God damn Beans I got this let me talk my shit one time)
No we the illest niggas; realest, I will kill these niggas!!

[Dame Dash]
Now that's what the fuck I'm talking bout!
And you wonder why I'm proud of my family?
And you wonder why I ain't gotta rap?
I got niggas that will assassinate you B, lyrically!
Really shut you the fuck down!! Don't get your career ended
Leave us the fuck alone, let us rock!
We are Roc-Heusen, we're the R., O., C. - HOLLA!

[Cam'Ron]
I'm here Dame, I'm here, Killa
This is just fate, how I would sit on a crate
Listen to tapes, every day a frisk was at stake
Jakes' cuffs, wrists getting raped; my mission was straight -- to
Visit them states near them great Michigan lakes
And fuck a bathroom, I pissed on the gate
Flipped the bird at em, flip a bird, switch up my plates
I got plans that was better than jail
Now look -- we like Bird, Parish, Kevin McHale
Scott, Worthy, Jabbar, and Magic
Oh my god it's magic; Isiah, Dumars, I will carve your casket
Phil, Scottie, and Mike; Phil, Shaq, and Kobe
My gats will detach you, homie
And I'm friends with thugs, I sell endless drugs
For the Roc Fam, dog, I extend my love
Jay, Bleek, beef I'll be crossing the bridge
Tossing they wigs, make corpse of they kids
Free, O, Sparks, and Mack Mittens
I'm 95 south, no doubt, mac clip in
I stack chips and I'm Saks Fifth-in
Louis Vuitton loafers, hat dripping
I go retrieve a duck, tell her proceed and suck
I don't just beat my cases, I beat 'em up
My lawyer eat 'em up put bars behind me
I'm glad they didn't stop that car behind me
Shit, it had three felons, gun shooters no
50 cal. A.C.P., Bazooka Joe
Don't be stupid though, I get scrilla man
I'm for'rilla man, yeah it's Killa Cam
Uhhh... DIP SET BITCH!

[Dame Dash]
What y'all thought I was finished?
I'm not! I just recuited somebody new!
I'm like the George Steinbrenner of this shit
I mean I'm rich like him, HOLLA!

[Twista]
Everybody's swarming, oh my god
It's the newest power forward of the squad
A legacy like Jordan with the mob
That be known for breaking motherfuckers hard
Put Roc-A-Fella on my pinky ring
Fuck a battle, nigga -- I'mma get them thangs
Rollin with them Lords and them folks up out the Chi
Twista gone make em spit the game
I represent the mob to the fullest
You don't want it with that boy who's known to pull it
With Kanye on the track of the Dream Team
I'm fin' to be the shit no matter which way you put it
They blessed a nigga in, now I'm fin' to go into a zone
Taking it to some motherfuckers domes
Cause it's on, I will rock until I'm gone
Filling my body with lead, clutching chrome
Take it to your gut, take it to your chest
I be more provoking when I'm smoking sess
And we getting stronger, hope you got a vest
Already got them Macs, already got them Tecs
Served a few dimes, Beans got pearls
Legendary we on top of the world
How could you haters think we can be done
Hold it down because we got champions!!