Check one, check two, showing that the text do
Any nigga have shoes sniff a ... and bless you
Gonna still stand and talk, don't know what the rest do
Aim above the next so we don't care what the west do
22, 25, 38 special, 40 caliber, 44, 50 ... you, ...forget you
Put up in the cane, don't get caught up in the rain
You see for death they arrest you
Cold blood caravans, disguise nigga guess who
Young d texting on the fly nigga catch you
F you, bitch ass niggers there's so much shitless
...to help you niggers solve all your fitness
First 48 make sure you never forget this
Catching the appeal gotta make sure you bury the witness
Haters i'm shitting all, get my ... all, get the clipping all
...be ready to .. the straw, Glock 23 like mac i put the pimping on
32 extended retarded with it i'm spitting all
Niggers after kill us we digging their cemetery
I'ma play it bitch for life might have been in the obituary
Grand rich hustler, millionaire ... i can't ... came on walker yucons
Sit them niggers down, we stretch them out ...
Bullets in their big ass heads, ... neutrons

...on my loose sleeves, ... senator ...
Money and blue ... don't bomb on my true speed
Feeling malibu breeze bad bitches and cookies
Wait too cooler be booby down to the shoe strings one of the few kings
...where there's no telling whatever ... brings
30k on my mood ring, 30 play how we do things, burn new ways with the blue flames
Who trained on your ...lane, come steal a crazy out till you sang
It's getting easy, i ...flipped in the media, money's the only medicine
Medicine all we needing it, laws only to bore, i'm shitting on you for autumn
Been to hell and back up, ...here's your morning money, chance weather, big bills
You can feel like it's pouring, thunder and hell storming on the first thing in the morning
Morning might be hella icey, i should ... niggers that wanna knife me
Trying to strike me ... don't play games, no religion campaign, we should be feeling the same thing
You get nothing you maintain, not in my ... wonderful marriage, i'm hooked but i ain't mad at you
Look, ...establish the crooks... what i needed for playing about the books ...
...decided that we hollow in here, you can keep the love my heart don't need it
...out the bottom ... completed, shoes calls calls ... evens, yeah, yeah