[Denim: Singing]
I swear to hold you down for as long as we both shall live
I never made a move without ya, my homie that's just how it is
Now we need each other more than ever, don't leave me by myself..

[Chris]
Young Chris... (check it)
Young Neef..
Together for ever, Neef & C
I give a fuck how y'all feel but that's real to me!

[Hook - Denim] x2
Let's do whatever it takes to find our way
To find a way, to find a way

[Chris]
I would turn green, from me...being in trenches
Him, livin adventurous...not worryin about expenditures
Think back, I never left the premises
24/7 on corner, now let's remember this
After school, you wrote your rhymes while I sat in your crib
One of the first niggas you let in your crib
Moms treated me like a son since day one
Thinkin 'bout how she talking bout she can't wait til that day come
The thing about that, I wasn't even thinkin bout rap
Until I met you and thank you for that
And now you got us lookin like Jaz & Jay
T-Mac and Carter Neef, you gotta work harder Neef
Shit...we runnin with S. Carter Neef
Dame & Biggs, get on your game my nig
The whole clique feel the same my nig
So don't think cuz I'm ahead of you I changed my nig

[Hook] x4

[Chris]
Now we got rich athletes that practice evr'day
Look at Hov, see him in action everyday
He still at it, sold 5 million, still practicin
You still with me? Units is movin...they still yappin homie
And I came into this game on your back and your game ain't intact
And I'm tryin to do my thang
All I wanna know is if you tryin to do the same
I feel like I could do without you, at the same time I can't
Cuz at the same time it'll hurt
Ain't no shame in our game but our moms'll be hurt
Dreams of being stars, a lotta niggas missed them
If you can't do it for us, do it for Ms. Kim
Plus we promised both our mommas that we would
You know if we break that promise, it'll break they little hearts
Let's get this album out, and try to make it to the charts
Time for us to see the light, we done made it through the dark homie

[Hook]

[Neef]
The kid back in the zone, killin them songs
I'm back to my old self, C I'm 'bout to prove em wrong
Cuz in the past, a lotta shit been fucked up
Like when you hear Young Chris and don't hear Neef Buck
Young Gunna I got ya..
But you hatas gon make me snap, cock back and red dot ya
Face it, ya basic...you can't tie my laces
Now I got the game mapped, plus I want my spot back
We together forever, these niggas can't stop that
Do it for who? I do it for you!
Let's be for real O Boy, they not our crew
And since we talkin facts, it's really just us two (Whoo)
And I know you feel the same when you're signed
But you couldn't even ride cuz I wasn't on my job
Don't never ever think I left your side
Never T-mac and Carter C, Man you a part of me
Brother from another, even though my momma loved you like her own
Let's do this rap shit and just move on
I just thought I was passin a baton, lettin you kill them songs
Now I feel I'm all wrong
God forbid this rap shit don't even work out
Still know the Coke route, still get our moms out
And that's a promise we could never break
C you never changed on me, dawg that was my mistake
But don't worry, we gon get this in a hurry
Young Chris, Young Neef; Tough Luv til we buried