(Chorus: Lucky Luchiano)
Where they at?
Where they at?
Where my playamade mexicans at? (Huh!)
I see the screens and the visor with the twenty inch tires
Where my players making paper on the texas map
What it do screwston? (where my players at?)
All the way to San Antone (where my players at?)
From Laredo to Dallas, all the way to Amarilla
It dont matter where you from boy its all about that scrilla

[Lucky Luchiano]
This for my players down south we mexicans on feet
Ready to spend we been hustlin all week
Heads turn when I crawl and the slab on chrome
Leather and wooded, a big strap on the floor
Lucky representing for his players making pay
H-town mexicans wearing fades and braids
Staying playamade and swanging apple over silver
Dont be mad at Lucky cause he stacking all the scrilla
Where my mexicans po' pimping?
I see your chrome spinning
Man this for my mexicans, platinum and gold grilling
Creased jeans, piece and chain with the J's on the toes
Screw in the trunk while we swanging on the road
I'm a flow on the track
Finna roll a ball bat
Fifth wheel with the grill, 84's on the lac
Where my mexicans hitting licks?
Where my with the bricks?
Where my on a mission tryin' to ball and get rich

(Chorus: Lucky Luchiano)
Where my playamade mexicans at?
Where they at?
Where they at?
Where my playamade mexicans at? (Huh!)
I see the screens and the visor with the twenty inch tires
Where my players making paper on the texas map
What it do screwston? (where my players at?)
All the way to San Antone (where my players at?)
From Laredo to Dallas, all the way to Amarilla
It dont matter where you from boy its all about that scrilla

[Baby Beesh]
Ain't it funny?
Mexicans run the drug money
Cause we all about our carrots like mane, the bugs bunny
Fucking with a thugs money gone get you broke down
And if you didn't know, well patna you know now
Cause we dont punch clocks
We push a bunch of rocks
Bang a bunch of bopps
And shake the fucking cops
Off top, Baby bash call me the scrill dilly
Deep as space city surrounded by big tittys
Ain't it trippy how its drippy the candy that stay red
Mane where you from, well playa then say that
Trunks glowing, screens showing and caddys and woo-doos
Flated in the truck, sittin on new shoes
Crackin the rear view, cause the beat's too zappy
Parking lot pimping with the weed transaction
Getting a hell of action from a dime piece chula
She said she want a mexican all about his mula

(Chorus 1X)

[Lucky Luchiano]
Mane we them throwed mexicans out of the dirty south
Haters want plexx what they, what they talking bout?
Im a hogg all lanes while I crawl on blades
Lucky Luchiano be my dog on name
Im a swang im a tip in a candy mothership
Unlike my bumperkit and put on another flick
Screens fall, popping trunk on the seawall
Bout to show them other fools how the third coast ball
All my dogs in H-town chunk a duece out the roof
Swang left to right what it do act a fool
I'll shut my show down cause we was blowin the pine
Clubs hate my entourage cause they know we gone clown
Puttin down for my homies in the penitentiary
When im gone my little homies will represent me
Thats how it be we ain't never gone stop it
Playamade mexican keeping this here poppin

(Chorus 1X)

[Baby Beesh Talking]
Mane hold on, I thought you thought
Mane hold on, I thought you thought
Mane hold on, I thought you thought
Mane hold on
Uh yea!
Its the phantom track
The bonus!
Slowed and throwed in your earlobe
That boy Baby Beeshie
With the neptune Lucky Luchiano
Produced by that boy Rebel
All in your jaw bone
Uhhhh!