[Intro: Doulos]
There's one question, that has plagued mankind
Throughout it's existence
This question
Is what happens, when you lose your life?

[Hook: Doulos]
What's gon' happen when you lose your life?
Are you gon' burn in hell, in the after life?
What's gon' happen when you lose your life?
Will you make it through the fire, to the after life?
What's gon' happen when you lose your life?
Will you hear well done, in the after life?
What's gon' happen when you lose your life?
Are you gon' cast a few crowns in the after life?

[Verse 1: Doulos]
Ayo, I used to hit the block and they'd be like "Spit something"
Now I hit the block, and they a hundred miles and running
I'm hearing whispers that Doulos is unbearable
But they must know the Lord our God (Man it's terrible)
For those who don't repent, there's still beefing
And it's gonna be wailing and gnashing of teeth
What's the world's offer? Sin for a season?
Christ's is eternal life, for those who believe in
He was born of a virgin, sinless in this life
Put on trial for no cause, you know that wasn't right
Died on the cross, cause a price had to be paid
And was, finally resurrected on the third day
Seen by the bread, five hundred was the number
Forty days later, he ascended up yonder
Salvation outside of Christ is impossible
I'm Doulos Tou Kouriou, and that's the gospel

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Doulos]
Now it's your boy, Dou-lizzle
In the house with DJ Coo-brizzle, the homie fo shizzle
Tryna teach these young cats to ride for Christ
It's the least we could do, since he saved our lives
That's why I only spit gospel on this mic
Cause anything else I spit would only bring strife
And I'm sick of these extra holy types
Go home and read 1 John 1:9-10 tonight
Quit feeling yourself and be filled with the Holy Ghost
And receive (?) from the Lord of Hosts
Many prayers go out for my folks
That reject the gospel, and I set the ropes
This here's by grace, no need to boast
I spit it one shot drama one shot (H20)
No more playing homie gametime's over
If you die without Christ, you don't wanna see Jehovah

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Doulos]
I spit it, one notch below the mud that healed the blind man
While I'm at it, rest in peace homie Blind Man
Real cats, are few and far between
Once you get past, skin deep there's not much to be seen
Never learn to being slow to speak, they keep flapping
Set a fire to they lives, then it's on and cracking
Where the spirit at? I see a lot of flesh action
Many fallen outta church need awards for best acting
Real worshippers, do the spirit in true
All this nonsense from unbelievers just won't do
Many will be spurned when our Lord returns
But how many are concerned about our Lord's return?
I'm hurting writing this, flesh be fighting this
One thing about promise, you don't always like it
See when it comes to the word, it's hard to swallow
So sit back, relax, and come back tomorrow

[Hook]

[Outro: Doulos] (4x)
What's gon' happen when you lose your life?
(Lose your life)