[Intro]
I gotta, um... I been drinking
I feel like making fun of niggas (Bitch)

[Verse 1: Isaiah Rashad]
Ay, bitch I'm back, nah, I'm just starting
Man them niggas gonna hold you back, you're retarded
Crazy loc told me hold that gat, don't be a target
Quit smoking them blacks, practice performing
Bitch I'm back again, and I'm rolling, see I really mean that shit
She 'bout 5'5" and she rude, man I really queen that bitch
And ain't did shit, and ain't paid
I ain't tryna seem that rich
Can I get a discount on these Lays?
Is he 'bout to kill this rhyme where you stay?
So how you different? How you unique?
Who you tempting? Where's your mystique?
I just ride around in my Bentley, it's a Civic
See the women love when I'm honest, they said it's different
I don't get how all these rappers be so successful
They tell you lies, and nothing helpful
But you claim you feel it, yeah that's your man though
You stand for him, but what he stand for?

[Hook]
I'm just riding 'round getting paid
Fucking bitches, getting paid, gusto

[Verse 2: Brian Cameron]
Hey, bitch I'm back, like where the fuck I started?
These niggas thinking they the shit, but they ain't even really farted
Really thinking that a nigga on blaze, I ain't even tryna spark it
Your chick be all on my cock and balls, now tell your bitch quit gargling
I promise I'm authentic, straight genuine
I working out, shit I'm in the same gym you in
So he got a big deal? Big deal
So what he spit some shit that ain't real?
Get lit and write some shit you can't feel
So you can get expensive shit and switch heels
Goddamn, that's a problem, y'all fucking up my genre
See me? I'm a pro-masturbater
Nigga I be killing and spitting it when I rap
Yearn for the cat, he be earning the map
Got a hole in her teeth, put my sperm in her gap
Camerino on the job
Why these niggas so wack, let me ask Rashad
Let me ask a motherfucker like you
Who speak weak shit, cause the clique said "Cool"
They say "Bro you the shit, man the world gonna be bumping this
When you get real big and put us on, are we all gonna be rich?"
Get off my dick nigga, we ain't friends
Just another bitch with another loose end
See you at the top, and until then
Just choke on my pubes and swallow my kids

[Hook]