[Hook]
Yeaaah, (Remix!) all you motherfuckers
Turn it up let it (bounce)
In the trunk let it (bounce)
Throw em up let it (bounce)
Yeah bitch, this is what we do when we verbally turn em out
With the speakers to the maximum, baby just let it bounce
Now, in a crowd let it, (bounce) turn it loud let it (bounce)
Blow em out let it (bounce)
Yeah bitch, this is what we do when I show em what I'm about
With the speakers to the maximum baby just let it bounce

[Verse 1: Chris Webby]
Get your speakers turned up! time to hit them with the remix
Here to make them bounce like a pair of DD tits!
Jordans on my feet bitch I'm flyer then a G-6
G-man with me like I'm rolling with Hakeem Nicks
Got a quarter pound, think I'm bout to order fries
Big-Bam-Boo, Ain't a day that I ain't sorta high!
And I'm'a kill a beat until I'm 45, spitting flames til I leave the mic cauterized
Who am I? They know me as C - W, hole in my rubber you are about to see me coming through!
Chris Rios always running with a pun or two, ask the Birdman, I'm the number one stunna' dude!
Bigger then a fucking typhoon
They can't ignore me after they see me on Itunes, top of the charts the numbers don't lie dude!
So bump this every time you ride through!

[Hook]

[Verse 2: SwizZz]
Remix, re-gifts, busy over this way
West coast, throw it up, even if you bitch made
Bounce like your chick that left you for a chick
Cause you couldn't cut it, she fell fast in love with touching clit
Aw shit! what a transition
Your shows whack, fuck paying for the admission!
I'd rather kick it at the house, scooped up on the couch
Pay per view on demand, big blunt in my mouth
Plus a couple egg rolls in the toaster oven
Homie I'm trying to function, I'm on my base shit, going ape shit! Bonkers!
So turns this up to the max like TJ
Where I window shop and buy socks at cheap rates
What the fuck is really good? tell me how you really feel
Shit we bouncing like a fat kid in the jungle off a hill
Come on nigga be for real, quit acting like a ho!
It's SwizZzle Webby and Dizzy at your mother fucking door

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Dizzy Wright]
You hear the bass bumping through the speakers
Poetry alive, this the sound of a preacher
Snatch sneakers, get paid to rip features
You don't like me? well me don't like me either
Used to be debbie, now I'm Wiz Khalifa
They gon' judge me how they see my appearance
But yall ain't hearing me though
I'm killing alot but got a million to go
They say I'm hot cause I get appealed to the most
You should feel like a joke, take notes and do it proudly
We rodwy pull up to the show, the car cloudy
Get on the stage and blame it on the Maui Wowie
Typical instrumental killer giving visuals, I'm no teacher
I'm creeping on the come up on a sleeper
Make you feel weaker just to think a little deeper
Went from writing raps on the bleacher
To making nigga's bounce in the arenas
Webby what we tell em'

[Hook]