[Verse 1: Dizzy Wright]
Rappin' just changed everything
It's kinda hard tryna move as a man
I'm stressin' cause I'm constantly losing my friends
People hate me cause I'm tryna stay true to my fans
But I'm grindin' cause I'm tryna provide for my fam, damn
I'm just spittin' out these rhymes
And people hatin' on me like I'm out doing crime
So I sign
What if I worked a 9 to 5
Would you hate on the fact that I was tryna provide
Nah, you just hatin' on me cause I'm doin' music
And you annoyed with the fact that everybody tryna do it
So it's foolish in your eyes, that is it
But you don't see me runnin' around puttin' down your fuckin' happiness
I ain't tryna ask for no exceptions
I know I'm not anything that you were prolly expectin'
I know that I'm a blessin' cause I've been through the wire first
And that's why I'm takin' off, fireworks

[Hook: Chel'le]
Today it begins
I missed them before
But won't miss them again
I keep havin' the same dreams
And I think that I just realized what it means
All I see is fireworks
All I see is fireworks
Takin' off like fireworks
Takin' off like fireworks
All I see is fireworks
All I see is fireworks
Takin' off like fireworks
Takin' off like... Ohh...

[Verse 2: Dizzy Wright]
You should give it up for me, humble with this luxury
I love all of my fans and the kids that look up to me
But I'm stressin' cause the devil always fuck with me
And why do I feel alone even when I'm with my company?
Damn, seems like world's closin' in on me
The closer I get, the world seems to spin on me
Girls who been on me, were all coolie
Until they try to explain how they are not a groupie
And I hate that, baby we go way back
I didn't know if I made raps it would create that
But this is the life that that I asked for
Subliminal hatin' on Twitter
Like niggas don't know what that asks for
I wish I had more, so I could give more
I'm headin' through life, findin' out what I live for
So I'm real more, and you a liar first
And that's why I'm takin' off, fireworks

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Dizzy Wright]
Look!
Anything's possible, look at Mike Vick
And all the wrong stuff feel like the right shit
And all the right shit seems to be hardest
And the harder you work, the more that everybody's talkin'
So it's strange, can you imagine life without pain?
Where everybody seems to be the same
Walkin' 'round life like there was nothing to gain
Lookin' in the mirror, not seein' nothing to change
Lame!
So I'm on that get money, fuck everything
Reminiscin' when I used to fuck everyday
Big booty's with the matching lips
Shit, that's when I started on this rappin' shit
The beginning G, I found out what the sinna be
At 12 years old is when I lost my virginity
Yeah, I just wish I didn't try her first
But now a nigga blowin' up, fireworks

[Hook]

Ohh... Ohh... Ooh... Ohh...
Ohh... Ohh... Ooh... Ohh...