Ive been struggling for years
So many tears that they dried out
Right now, I'm juss looking for a hideout
The times now, to try to touch souls
But the Wright road fo'sho, don't seem to have no light poles
So I bury myself into the darkness
Kobe on the office but a niqqa heartless
Whats fame without passion? Nonsense
Searching for love but can't find nobody to bond with
I'm looking for solutions
The Wright road, thats the muthafuckin movement
Loose lips sink ships, thats useless
& it be the closest muthafuckas that you move with
Watch out cuz you could be next
Get in the game cuz your ass wanna be fresh
I wanna see less of people tryna seek death
We don't need iPhones, niqqas need help... believe that
I bet they understanding me now
I was juss a lil guy as the man of the house
Devil taking all these souls & yall handing them out
& then we got the weird muthafuckas standing around
Like... damn?
Damaged with these so not souls
So for free, I'm letting everybody know
We all need to get it together, its getting close
& we ain't getting young, we only getting old
So if I'm wrong... alone... & if I'm long... gone

[Hook]
I wonder if heaven gotta ghetto?
I wonder if heaven gotta ghetto?
I wonder if heaven gotta ghetto?
I wonder if heaven gotta ghetto?
I ask myself "I wonder if heaven gotta ghetto?"

[Verse 2]
See, I'm living on earth
Let me tell you whats this black life's worth
Nothing but a dolla & a curse
Go & snatch a purse, from a lady tryna make it work
& your ass juss prolly made it worse
It's a mothafuckin shame what we'll do to survive
Fuck up a life just so we can get by
Don't wanna trip when our family get-got
Like we don't know the devil don't be on his fuckin job
I wonder, how I come from under with power to make the world shift?
New daddy, I been on my baby girl shit
I give her the world with a lil discipline
With every predicament, I juss wanna get it in
But men don't got rights to they first child
& somehow, I gotta make this shit work out
Cuz the state don't give a fuck about a debt
They don't care if you a daddy, they juss wanna get a check
Don't care if you depressed, if you ain't gotta dolla
Your a dead-beat by law & you owe it to their mama
Drama what they caused, if you ask me
But shit, thats prolly why no one ask me
I'm Dizzy D Flashy, the rebel... & if I die

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
See, there ain't no hope for the future
You are not alrite, not suicidal but you live a suicidal life
Put your... self in positions, I know it looks appealing
But we gotta make better decisions
We living in a life full of sin
Where everybody tryna get it in
I don't care where you goin, I care where you been
So talk about that when you tryna talk... big
See, I got a problem with the feeling of things
We so blinded by material things
See, everything is overlooked now... I give up
Life is all about a quick dolla & a quick nut
Fuck, I need guidance... we're disgrace to races
I was raised in Vegas, I was raised to make it
Place your hatin... state beliefs
I'm in these streets cuz my daughter need a place to sleep
She gotta eat, I got a family I'm tryna feed
But am I wrong if I do wrong & get that green?
I'm re... lieved whenever I provide, every time that I look in her eyes
So if I die, I tried & did my job... as a pops

[Hook]