[Intro Verse: Dizzy Wright]
Either you somebody, or you nobody
And if you nobody don't say nothin' 'bout me!
Either you somebody, or you nobody
And if you somebody come and fuck with my team (come and fuck with my team)!

[Verse 1: Dizzy Wright]
You are fuckin' with the hottest, toss and roll me 'round
I rep that Las Vegas guarantee I hold it down
Got it tatted on my body, I'm killin' shit I'm sorry
And I hardly even party, but I'm gnarly
These niggas hatin' on me, they pretty weak
I'm where ever titties be
Don't it suck that haters will become a fan of Dizzy D
I rep that V-E-G, city where the lights be at
Where I'm loved most are where the mini-Dizzy Wrights be at
But it's cool though, working on my plan A
Niggas gettin' nervous when they start seein' my fan base
Like, like, I hope you don't make it outta Vegas
Cause that nigga gon' be one of the greatest
That's why a nigga hit a fuckin' tape deck
Yeah I'm here to make a statement
That I'mma be the greatest, I just need the right situation
So patient, fans cause I'm stuck with my dreams
And if you're somebody come and fuck with my team

[Hook: Dizzy Wright]
Either you somebody, or you nobody
And if you nobody don't say nothin' 'bout me!
Either you somebody, or you nobody
And if you somebody come and fuck with my team! (come and fuck with my team)!
(Swag Swag Swag Swag) Somebody gon' see that
Nobody (nobody) is fuckin with my team!
(Swag Swag Swag Swag) Somebody gon' see that
Nobody (nobody) is fuckin' with my team!

[Verse 2: Dizzy Wright]
Look into my eyes you can see that I'm the future
Little mama bad well I got somethin' to prove ya
Picked up the phone and called L Dot the producer
He sent me the track, I had to kill it like a shooter
Losers, lame, nobody whatever
Don't talk to me if you ain't talkin' 'bout gettin' me cheddar
I am better than the rest, I'm never makin' less
My evidence is relevant I settle for the best
Cause I roll with the baddest, come to Vegas just to roll with the Flashy
Nigga I ain't co-co-confident, probably cause I got a couple hotties waitin' for me in the lobby
And to all you nobodies (nobodies) who be talkin' bout me jerkin'
Quit with all the hate cause I swear it ain't workin'
Nigga you are worthless, why the fuck you carin'?
Cause that jerk shit made me more money than your parents!

[Hook: Dizzy Wright]

[Verse 3: Dizzy Wright]
See you lame things always say the same thing
G'd all the way bitch I'm tatted like I gangbang
I'm tryna make the game change, it probably won't work
I'm hard-headed, so tryin' probably won't hurt
Long shirt, skinny jeans, and a snapback
I fuck with bad bitches, you fuck with cat sacks
I'm disrespectful, you are not on my level
I'mma rep my city, I'mma motherfuckin' rebel!
I'm the man out here, but they prolly won't admit it
The game was kinda hurt, Dr. Dizzy gave it stitches
And then these nobodies start complainin' like bitches
And then wanna collab like I ain't seen 'em dissin'
Nigga please, you off-brand niggas so weak
Get off my dick, nigga, get off yo' knees
I'm a G (I'm a G) and I rep that Flashy Inc.,
So if you're somebody come and fuck with my team!

[Hook: Dizzy Wright]