[Intro]

Spark up the flame and go up, nigga
Spark up the flame and go up
What you mean nigga?
Yamp, Yiggity Yamp Yamp

[Verse 1:]
Was on it, now I'm off that shit
The party packed
Let me find out where to park my shizzit (nigga skkrt)
For the young niggas that talk like this
So you don't have that problem getting your bitch off my dick
My niggas getting pussy way to easy
Baby share me with your friends, don't be greedy (you all that)
But acting like them bitches on the tv
Gon' be the reason you be askin' "Why he leave me?"
I guess I'm impatient
Cause niggas running around like we related
So I put his ass on blast
And that nigga started hating fast (Why you frontin' nigga?)
You know this, and everybody used to know you
Same shit these rappers go through, that's before you (Oh no)
Pullin' up for the total? But don't mind if I do
Young nigga movin' I'm with the shit, what you trying to do? (right)
What if she backed it up and dumped it
The afterparty definitely gon' happen if you comin'
Don't be clappin' if you nuttin'
But first we can

[Hook 1:]
Spark up the flame and go up
I ain't changed nigga, turn down for what?
(nigga turn down for what?)
Big houses and chains ain't enough
Takin' shots with some drank in my cup (nigga what?)

[Bridge 1:]
I, I've been on some west coast player shit
City full of pimps, we'll take a bitch
(you know that we'll take a bitch)
Vegas is the city that I claim
You know what it is, who am I to blame?
Nigga turn down for what?

[Hook 2:]
Spark up the flame and go up, nigga
Spark up the flame and go up
(Nigga turn down for what?)
Spark up the flame and go up, nigga
Spark up the flame and go up
(Nigga turn down for what?)

[Bridge 2:]
I, I've been on some west coast player shit
City full of pimps, we'll take a bitch
(you know that we'll take a bitch)
Vegas is the city that I claim
You know what it is, who am I to blame?

[Verse 2:]
Beat bangin', so high my feet hangin'
Flows are just like my clothes, I keep changin'
You niggas just like these hoes, y'all keep savin'
Waiting on my downfall, then keep waitin'
Brother man, nigga wanna cum again
Squeezing on her booty in them yoga pants
You can always kinda tell the ones that's with it
I shouldn't be able to smell it, before i hit it (dirty bitches)
I know my limits, I only fuck with bitches
That's limited edition
These other bitches get no attention, no
So I hit them with that Henney shot face
Yeah she eating pussy, but she not gay (oh oh)
Don't be fronting all on twitter for the retweet
You heard about that XXL threepeat
Let's get it poppin' and celebrate with they knockers
Shout out to my brother Logic
Haters is really runnin' out of options
So I guess we should

[Hook 1:]


[Bridge 1:]


[Hook 2:]


[Bridge 2:]