[Produced by: DJ Hoppa]

[Logic]
Yeah...
Yeah, yeah
Turn my mic up a little bit
RattPack, boy!

[Verse 1: Logic]
Ayo, whose arm is this?
I guess Slim cut it off at the pharmacist
We murdering MC's then flee to where ever the Bahamas is
I blew up, so that should let ya know just who the bombest is
Cause I could see the future like my glasses' Nostradamus's
Damn these rappers and they fillings like an orthodontist
It's probably cause my skin is white, C'mon be more then honest?
I signed a deal with Def Jam cause I'm the man
These fuckers sorta's and kinda's. Yo, Ayo
Yo my city behind this
I know that you see that I'm murdering synonyms all up in it when I rhyme this
My flow is impeccable, hella unwreckable
Knowing nobody else on this
So let me slow it down
Yo let me slow it down
Check it! Ayo, yo, yo
Let me slow it down so these ignorant people hear me
Even my favorite MC's won't get near me cause they fear me
Revere me, no disrespect. I mean that shit sincerely
I am merely the 2nd Renaissance to the fullest
It's all love from up above
Keep a gat in the glove just in case
Introduce you to Christ like Mase, Sike Nah!
All of you know that Logic keep the peace
But my brothers keep a piece in the streets, You got it? Capisce?
See that's a life I never wanted but I grew up in
And did a lot of dumb shit I'll never do again, What!

[Hook: Dizzy Wright]
The flow trustable, sick and it's untouchable(x3)
You can't fuck with this style!
Funk Volume! RattPack! Pro Era!
Funk Volume!

[Kirk Knight]

[Verse 2: Kirk Knight]
I said "Who want war?", mass killing MC's
I’m your Dada, nothing less then a seed
Please you can't romp with me
And I still got Jedi view
Pray that the force be with you all in this general bleed
Don’t retaliate when I retell you I already won
I terrorize the skies and probably just make you my son
Washed up your towel in early
Its the same simple story but in this category, you messing with me
Brethren
In the free spirit hear it in every lyric
Something I'm trying esoteric, every post pivot
Niggas is pretentious I don't pretend shit
Penny for your thoughts man, tell him where his sense is
I sense I know fear in this race my objects so clear
Whatever floats your boat
Is probably what’s, set by your peers
This is the food of my ladle, call me unstable, hold your horses
Ain’t nothing but fables, whats the fucking deal if there’s no labels
Any enemies, I already decapitate 'em
Can't compute this picture already just mainframe em
So who’s head is this?
This is the rhyming fucking specialist
Ahead of the game like Allah, stay perpetuous

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Dizzy Wright]
Ayo yo who's leg is this? I'm stretching it til' it breaks
We sending messages, scraping off the complexion on your face
Pass the medicine, landed never stranded in your state
Couple demands, but my lovely fans will never make me wait
You get the memo, the intro was some logic for your mental
Lyrically complex for the temple you nigga's simple
Taking over y'all should consider taking our instrumentals
Just to prove that y'all can rap, or move the fuck back
We on fire, that Illuminati talk is gettin' tired
I mean the fact I'm this far should tell you I follow what I desire
I'm the man (man), in the land of the snakes I do what I can
I have King symptoms, you just Hooked on Phonics with your friends
Got that livin' in ivy, your flow ain't acceptable Nigga we comin' up so we can kill everybody
We headed, you better dead it 'fore we catch you when you be out in yo Bugatti
Nah nah, that nigga ain't nobody, he sloppy
Lolly-gaggin' with the bandwagon posse, you's a ho
Pussy dry you ain't cleaned it in months
Preachin that Teamwork Makes The Dream Work from the jump, chump
The homeless man that's eatin' rappers for lunch
A blunt to back it up, I hope that I ain't askin' for much
What!?!

[Hook]