[Verse 1: Oktane]
I sit and tell my truth behind the mic
Not a cloud in my sky, no opponent in sight
Just wonderin' if a wife could ever handle this life
'Cause Superman's gotta be Superman every night

[Chorus: Oktane]
What means the world to you?
What means the world to you? (the world, the world)
What means the world? (What means the world? What means the world?)

[Verse 2: Oktane]
You'll understand later, now write this down on paper
'Cause they're tapin' as we make it, I give it to you blatant
Everything they told is a lie, check the statement
Look at who they shootin' and layin' all on the pavement

[Verse 3: Dizzy Wright]
Crazy to see life go through all these transformations
I told 'em that my people wakin' up, I can't be waitin'
Ayy, help me change minds, from plane ride
Conversations jugglin' rap and bein' a parent
At the same time, this shit gon' get complicated
So tell me what would mean the world to you if you lost it all?
Life can be a bitch, that ain't water you walkin' on
Who you prayin' to? You gotta know who you callin' on
Respect, just remember that you got in the flesh, word

[Chorus: Oktane]
What means the world to you? (What means the world to you?)
What means the world to you? (the world, the world)
What means the world? (What means the world? What means the world?)
What means the world?

[Verse 4: Emilio Rojas]
Now I got nieces, I got sisters, and a missus too
She's not a missus but when I'm gone, I miss her too
All this shit that we been through, drama made the vinin' stronger
Daddy was absent but that absence didn't make my heart grow fonder
No, so my mama raised us only
I hated when she dated, now I'm hatin' that she lonely
So now I gotta make it for my family and homies
And we just tryna get this fuckin' paper and keep growin', yeah

[Verse 5: Demrick]
What mean the world to you? Life is moving vertical
Every verse is surgical, always down to burn a few
But I'm movin' with a purpose too, helpin' ma when rent is due
Spreadin' love amongst the youth, looked at like I'm livin' proof
Anything is possible, obstacles don't mean much
It's the feelin' of no ceilings, just reach up
It means the world when you finally realize
That we actually change lives with these verses we visualize

[Verse 6: Price]
My mama called and said she missed my face
My baby mama called and said, "Send 500 through Chase"
My girl called and asked when can we get some time for just us
But I want corporate bucks, I need to line this shit up
What means the world? Real estate, church, Rolex or new Louis purses
Fuckin' hoes, spendin' time with your kids, or doin' verses
Is you vegan? Pork eatin'? Apartment or at Four Seasons?
Spiritual or dance with demons? Homeless feedin'?
Livin' greedy, what's your reasons?

[Chorus: Oktane]
What means the world to you? (What means the world to you?)
What means the world to you? (the world, the world)
What means the world?(What means the world? What means the world?)
What means the world?

[Verse 7: Reezy]
What mean the world to you? I got a short list
All of my niggas, the famo, and the Porsche whip
I found the meanin' of life, took the righteous way
It's food for thought and it's soul, ain't out the microwave

[Verse 8: Jarren Benton]
Yeah, presidents make the world spin off the axis
I put family over everythin', some niggas backwards
I stick to the code just like a cactus, some niggas fake, catfish
Bitches switch, that quick, rest in peace, ashes
Best friend in a casket, mindframe changed drastic
Learned to cherish today because tomorrow could be your last, shit
Hits the fan, niggas dyin' off of strips of xans
Poison, the water in Michigan, shit is different fam'
Uh, some days it's hard for me stay up
Gotta shake this negativity, come on my nigga, wake up (wake up)
What means the world to me? My son and my daughter
And anyone threatens that order, know that your life will get slaughtered, motherfucker

[Chorus: Oktane]
What means the world to you? (What means the world to you?)
What means the world to you? (the world, the world)
What means the world? (What means the world? What means the world? What means the world?)
What means the world to you? (What means the world to you?)
What means the world to you? (the world, the world)
What means the world? (What means the world? What means the world? What means the world?)