Verse 1:
Dizzy with me, his city is L.V
And I'm L.V., ain't suited in Louis Vuitton yet but tell me
Am I not wealthy if I know the source of all wealth?
If I'm a star, shoot, I guess I'll wish upon myself
We dream of making bank, I've got a bank of dreams
In a safe, with this sound? They're on lock it seems
I swallowed the key so every time I spit you get a chance
To take it off my tongue with your hand and apply it to your plans
Copy and paste it, see the mula in the fomula
Bein' a star takes bucks
That green lady, I court and woo her
Who da...thought I'd be a rap mogul man?
All that reading in the Barnes turned me to a Noble man
I don't give a, wait what? Nah, I give it all
Put everything I am in my work
Indeed I'm in my Deeds, drop the “Mr.”
But I'm on the eve of Adam
Genesis of light, Tree of Life
I'm planting seeds

Hook:
Money ain't a thang, if you're in the flow of it
Everything is energy, we reap what we sow of it
It's all what we make of it, what do you make of it?
Uh, wealth, fame, and royalty, man, it's all what we make of it
It's all what we make of it, what do you make of it?

Verse 2 (Dizzy Wright):
Hoppin' on a plane it's insane the places I'm goin'
Livin' this kind of life, from not knowin' to bein' on it
Finally getting a moment from summers to when it's snowin'
I be on the road so long I don't notice the seasons coastin'
Hoodie with the Locs
Toasty under my coat
Steppin' out in the cold
Me and Hoppa handlin' business
Passport gettin' tatted with this average man image
Overseas they lookin' at me like I'm magically delicious
Wicked so we kick it only when we on a mission
Why you trippin'? If there's women in the sea, why you ain't fishin'?
I'm just tryna make way for the youngsters like me
That's runnin' the streets, that go home to nothin' to eat
No reason to smile, the people 'round keepin' em down
I'm givin' em hope, it's true, you gotta live it to know
We takin' advantage since the disadvantage was to see me vanish
And since I'm livin' I'm driven to be the most understanded

Hook:
Money ain't a thang, if you're in the flow of it
Everything is energy, we reap what we sow of it
It's all what we make of it, what do you make of it?
Wealth, fame, and royalty, man, it's all what we make of it
It's all what we make of it, what do you make of it?

Verse 3:
Lemons into lemonade, I don't need to say the quote
Life is what we make of it, that's all I'm sayin' bro
Sunny and rainy days, a tree needs both to grow
I try to see my dreams and me the same, maintain forward moshe
In this Tao, The Way is proven
Reality is now, time is an illusion
Memories are useful if you use them
To better your best
Without losin' your head or your chest
My heart goes out
To the naysayers who might
See my life and what I make of it and be like, “you, die”
But we don't divide to conquer, we unite
Cause we complete each other like I'm light and you're night
So thank you, it's all fuel to my fire
Warrior monk, that's how I roll and Tuck through trials like Friar
I'll make what I make of it
I'm takin' it higher and higher
And higher