[Intro: Trippie Redd]
Ohhhhh woe huh
I'm saucing bitch, yeah-ayye!
Big 14 hoe!
I thought you knew
I thought you knew
Hol' up!

[Chorus: Trippie Redd]
It's 'ight yeah, it's 'ight, it's 'ight, it's 'ight, yeah
It's 'ight, it's 'ight, it's 'ight, yeah
It's 'ight, it's 'ight, it's 'ight, yeah

[Post-Chorus: Trippie Redd]
Got a knife on my finger, I was stabbed in the back (back)
Stabbed in the back, I was stabbed in the back (yeah)
I'm up at the top, they tried to hold me in the back (in the- in the back)
Hold me in the back, They tried to hold me in the back

[Verse 1: Trippie Redd]
They tried to hold me in the back, homie don't get wacked
Hanging with them Bs, and you know we yell out slatt
Few niggas talk down, don't want to know the aftermath
Keep my brothers 'round me and I keep me a strap
Yeah I keep me a MAC, pussy boy your getting tip
Dex hit my line and said lil' bro we gotta win (we gotta win)
Got me sitting in the back sipping on Act and some gin
1400 gang till' die nigga represent, for the set I represent

[Bridge: Trippie Redd]
Woah-aye! I gotta check on me right now!
Right now! Right now!
Right now! (I gotchu lil bro)
Right, now (Dexter, wait)
Yeah, aye! (aye-yeah, huh!)

[Chorus: Famous Dex]
It's ight yeah, it's ight, it's ight, it's ight, yeah
It's ight, it's ight, it's ight, yeah
It's ight, it's ight, it's ight, yeah

[Verse 2: Famous Dex]
I got my 30 on my waist (I do)
Run up on me I'ma spray (I will)
Tats up on my face (ah-what)
My lil brother beat the case
Smoking dopey to the face (what)
Take a knee and say my grace (I did)
My shooters, they don't play (ah-what)
Call up Trippie, he don't play yeah (ah-Dexter)

[Bridge: Trippie Redd]
Woah! They tried to stab me in the back!
They can't keep me in the back!
I'm shining, I'm shining baby wowwww

[Chorus: Trippie Redd]
It's ight yeah, it's ight, it's ight, it's ight, yeah
It's ight, it's ight, it's ight, yeah
It's ight, it's ight, it's ight, yeah

[Post-Chorus: Trippie Redd]
Got a knife on my finger, I was stabbed in the back (back)
Stabbed in the back, I was stabbed in the back (yeah)
I'm up at the top, they tried to hold me in the back
Hold me in the back, tried to hold me in the back