[DJ Premier]
Dedicated to the great Scott La Rock
R.I.P., this one for you, my G
Let's get it

[Intro: KRS-One]
Boogie Down Productions, with Premier, we gettin paid
Y'all write the wackest songs, our shit be better
Remember, you act up, you will not win
Cause then I'll begin to smash you
With rhymin', rhymin', rhymin'

[Verse 1: KRS-One]
Criminal minded, this the jumpoff
My first one blast like you poppin that pumpoff
Yo Premier, why these rappers so soft?
They corny ass raps be makin me doze off
You know I get the whole house open
Got the whole East, West, North, South open
I ain't jokin', you know how many times
I spit rhymes and left rappers wit they mouth open?
Y'all need to fall back
The hip-hop you got in you now, I installed that
I spit a raw rap, peace and war rap
Ten more raps, where the tours at?
Cause the world is so hood, you must always be ready
...TO LET IT BLOOOOOOOW!!! (BUCK! BUCK! BUCK! BUCK! BUCK!)
I'd rather talk about peeeeeeeace, but these rappers won't let me
SO HERE WE GOOOOOOOO!!!
I'd rather mind my business, but these rappers think
They Superbad, that's when they get smothered, chocked, and gagged
I just bought another Jag
Cause when I spit lyrics, I step-father like your other dad
("One-two, one-two") I stay true
I'm a Gang Starr and I'm Guru
Hah! I train like CHOO-CHOO!
Y'all rappers rap crap, BULLSHIT DOO-DOO!!
Who knew?! I don't compare to you
Look at my nose, I even take in more air than you
I'm more aware than you and I spit it
I built this hip-hop matrix then programmed you IN IT!
I would tell you what's gon' happen this summer
But I'mma general, I don't talk to runners
Y'all just rappin and rappin shitty
So when you talk about battle, I get giddy

[Scratches by DJ Premier]
"Wh-wh-wh-when I'm on a mic"
"KRS writes poetry"
"Cause I'm KRS and I'm on the mic
And Premier is on the breaks"
"Boogie Down Productions" (That's right, Primo!)
"UH!!!" (Let 'em know)
(KRS, Criminal Minded)
(Yea) "So here we goooooo..."

[Verse 2: KRS-One]
Criminal minded, you been blinded
By the ice and the way rappers shinin
K-R-S, that's how I sign it
God knows I try to live non-violent!
But rappers be too defiant, no doubt
They make me wanna try this new Magnum out
They be draggin 'em out
Cause of death: Magnum goin off in the mouth
What y'all talkin 'bout?! You better +Walk it Out+
Y'all start mumblin when that Hawk is out
New York ain't out! WHAT CHA'LL TALKIN 'BOUT?!
Y'all POP like when the cork is out!
Stoppin the violence is what I'm all about
STOPPIN THE VIOLENCE IS WHAT I'm ALL ABOUT!
But you raise ya fist to Kris, Ill maim ya wrist
And blow you out like a birthday wish!
I'm much sharper
Including New York State, the whole East Coast is Kris Parker's
But real talk, Digny
The true kings of New York left when it change hands to Disney
I got no time for the kid rap
The gun talk, drug talk, we already did that
These days I'm tryin to give back
Knowledge, wisdom, overstanding - now spit that!

{scratches by DJ Premier}
"Wh-wh-wh-when I'm on a mic"
"KRS writes poetry"
"Cause I'm KRS and I'm on the mic"
"I, I-I-I'll see you folks around the way"
"Wh-wh-wh-when I'm on a mic"
"K-K-KR-S writes poetry"
"Criminal minded"
"So here we goooooo..."