[KRS One]
That bass is dope
Like I keep saying that bass is dope
I keep telling 'em all
That bass is dope dope dope dope! Ay! Ay!
This is KRS One in full effect
BDP Posse rule, every time, seen?
And seckle!
Anyone we see with a crown 'pon dem head, we just push it off, seen?
Because KRS One is teacher
And we come right now to reach ya
We go

[Hook]
Shum dum-da-dum da-na-na dum-da-dum
Shum dum-da-dum da-na-na dum-da-dum
Shum dum-da-dum da-na-na dum-da-dum
Shum dum-da-dum da-na-na dum-da-dum

Du-du-du-du-du-du-du-du-du-du-du-du!
Newsbreak
The notorious Just Ice has just gunned down one man up in The Bronx
News later at 11 o'clock, seen?
Ay!

[Bridge]
Suicide it's a suicide buda bye bye
Suicide it's a suicide eh
Suicide it's a suicide buda bye bye
Suicide it's a suicide

Boogie Down Productions always recite rhymes
The ones that chase us be like two steps behind
Cause we write the records that be rocking every time
Like Poetry, Super Ho and Listen To My 9
I don't eat flesh no type of meat of any kind
But you eat meat, better known as also swine
But some eat swine, better known as also pork
They stab it and they stab it til they get it on their fork
The first one to say there's nothing wrong with the pig
But haven't you seen the way this animal lives
Why I tell ya

[Bridge]

Come in Just Ice eh
Me say come in Just Ice eh

[Just Ice]
Move your body
Move your body
Just Ice, KRS up in the vicinity
I-man don't want to be down with no sucker
Whole heap of lyrics rotten like the gutter
Me need partner to partner who can chop it like champion
Mi bredren KRS sir we will get the job done
Me gaze upon the speaker standing tall and ready
I jump on the dancefloor looking sweet and sexy
Just up on the mic standing tall and proud
The girls all listen to me stop the strong and loud
Coming from Manhattan in the Uptown Bronx
Brooklyn upon the strength know what I'm talking about
You move your body
You move your body
Just Ice, KRS up in the vicinity

[KRS One]
Me say you move your body, you move your body
Because I'm KRS One I'm down with BDP
Me say

[Hook]

Nuttin' new, nuttin' new, dem nuh sayin' nuttin' new
Nuttin' new, nuttin' new, dem nuh sayin' nuttin' new
They run they run they run they run they run their lyrics through
But when they finish rhyming you have not heard nuttin' new
Say this is dedicated to the ones that run their rhyme
Say time after time after time after time
I know what you all say before you jump up on the stage
But make sure you don't say di-di-di da di-di-di day
Cos then we'll have to look for you and beat you all up
So when you see me in the street just keep your mouth shut
Nuttin' new, nuttin' new, dem nuh sayin' nuttin' new
Nuttin' new, nuttin' new, dem nuh sayin' nuttin' new
Me say

[Hook]

Me say Just Ice
Me say Just Ice
And if you don't think about it one time I think you're gonna lose your mind
Hey! Hey!

[Just Ice]
Grease my palm you better grease my palm
If you want the lyrics to keep right on
??? I drop it like I was King Kong
The people in the booth well dem a looking afraid
Upon the dancefloor the woman dance this way
They listen to the question of the words I say
The one Just Ice has to work every day
Support my pickney and the bills I pay
So hold up your hand as I start to express
My lyrics are serious and man no vex
In class all by myself, have to pass no test
Bullet from a gun coming hard and direct
So link our palm you better link our palm
And I'll continue just chat from abroad
Ragamuffin inna session just a skank from a yard
With your classiest chicks and a big gold chain you're big, broad and large
Telling all of the posses, all the man to come and buy drugs
Grab your ??? up and fill you up on the slugs
You grease my palm you better grease my palm
And if you bite the two will just chat from abroad
Just Ice upon the mic looking big and steady
KRS on mic looking slick and ready
Heavy 'pon the people looking tall and slick
Just Ice and you know I'm no vick
I am a man notorious you know I'm from slick

[KRS One]
Ease up, ease up, ease up, ease up, ease up, ease up, ease up, ease up
Just Ice, you know you're large bwoy
You definitely rule the dancehall style, seen?
And seckle
KRS One is here without a doubt
And listen me want to get one thing straight, seen?
Just Ice is one group, and KRS One is another
So anyone of ya'll think we down on the same label, you got to come correct, seen?
And seckle