[Intro]
Tell 'em again, uh huh!
Word to the world
Word up, New York
Word up, the Bronx, Brooklyn, Uptown, Queens
Make noise!
Staten Island, keep whylin'
Word up (woo!)
Yeah, yeah, yeah NYC y'all

[Verse 1]
Steady bouncing in jeeps on these New York streets
Recognize the elite, what we did with these beats
Yo your town wouldn't eat, if New York didn't speak
Don't front with the heat, make me come with the fleet
New York is complete, all concrete
The center of the world, where all people meet
I'm keeping this style simple, to make ends meet
I could jump out of a window, and land on both feet
New York City is always ruling, reach and teach and always schooling
No I'm not fooling, crowd is not booing
Original MC'ing, that's what I'm doing

[Chorus + Hook]
New York, just so ya don't forget
New York, home of the Yankees and Mets
New York, something you have to see
It's the place to be, it's the place for me
That's.. tell 'em again..uh huh..yeah..that's right..word..word

[Verse 2]
Now you could shout your clique, and shout your town
But it's time we shout New York, hold it down!
You wanna see latinos, yo that's Boogie down
African-Americans, yo that's Uptown
Jamaicans, Haitians that's Brooklyn bound
Run up to Queens, take a good look around
Lower Manhattan all the way out to Staten
New York is the birth of DJ'in and rappin'

[Hook]
That's.. yeah yeah.. tell em again.. word word word.. uh huh.. yo yo yeah

[Verse 3]
Check it!
Gun clap, and cops, cracks and rocks
Road blocks, routine traffic stops
But that raw Hip-Hop it's ova hear
You could check my city grammar, it's cold and clear
What we gave the world, saved the world
Before hip-hop, pop enslaved the world
But we freed ourselves with the help of Kool Herc, Afrika Bambaataa, and Flash did work
This is the reason we respect these people
Cause when they was doing it, Hip-Hop was illegal
Now we all legal, and heads wanna floss
They forgot hip-hop, and all the lives that was lost
You see the way they dress, and the way they talk
They claim they da best, but that's all New York
Imma shout it to the world, the truth is out, NY #1, and we in the house
That's...