[Intro]
First of all...
I don't know WHO y'all saw on this stage before me, alright
I don't know WHO y'all are gonna see on this stage after me, true
But this is real... hip... hop!

Word up
I'm gonna find out tonight
Where the real Hip Hop

[Hook]
The real hip hop is (Ova here)
The real hip hop is (Ova here)
The real hip hop is (Ova here)
The real hip hop is (Ova here)

[Interlude]
Blaow-blaow, blaow-blaow
Clear em out; clear 'em out
Word

[Verse 1]
Yo Nelly, you ain't for real and you ain't universal
Your whole style sounds like an N'Sync commercial
Ignoramus, I'm the baddest with the mic apparatus
Challenging the God of rap is madness
I'll snatch your status with this ugly looking billboard, you could stop them
But I got enough albums to make my own top 10
You limited, like the speed of traffic
You bite my style off the radio, so when you speak it back, I hear the static
You better Chillout like Chuck, I kick like 3 Norrises
One of my 16 bar rhymes is 8 of your choruses
Of course it is ridiculous
Watch out, I be in the club inconspicuous
Gotcha on your hands and knees
Ain't it about time for some real emcees?

[Hook]
The real hip hop is (Ova here)
The real hip hop is (Ova here)
The real hip hop is (Ova here)
The real hip hop is (Ova here)

[Verse 2]
We on the hunt tonight
When you see me coming, I don't front I fight
People say I'm contradictory
Cause I'm all about peace to say the least with a violent history
It ain't no mystery, these rappers wanna get with me
My people don't see that all they hear is: "Stop hittin' me!
Stop beatin' me Kris!"
You want to help my career Nelly? Well, you can help if you don't exist!
I think it's 'bout time we stop these pop rappers
Fuck these pop rappers, hip hop does matter
To me; does it matter to you, my crew?
If it does, you know what the hell to do
Throw your guns in the air, pump it like, "Yeah"
Let these bitch ass rappers know we in here
Go to the shows huh, boo 'em off stage
Tell 'em KRS told you they're at the end of they days!
Let me tell you, let's give hip hop a lift
And don't buy Nelly's album on June 25th
That'll send a message back to all them sellouts
House nigga rapper, your bottom done fell out
You don't even know how
I told you I wasn't talking about you then, but I'm talking about you now
Blaow! One to the knees, Blaow! One goes right through
Even St. Louis don't like you!