[Hook: KRS-One]
Get up! What we slowin down for?
Pick it up, pick it up, pick it up, pick it up, pick it up!
We got a whole nation to restore
Pick it up, pick it up, pick it up, pick it up, pick it up!
We gotta really love each other more
Pick it up, pick it up, pick it up, pick it up, pick it up!
When you see my CD in the store
Pick it up, pick it up, pick it up, pick it up, pick it up!

[KRS-One]
It's the teacher, class is open G
Let's get open on the concept of voting, we
Begin the discussion by viewing democracy
People power, a people ruled philosophy
Democracy is a system of government
Where the whole population is the sum of it
Where the goverment can't move without its people
Where, before the law, everybody's equal
But take a look at the police and how they treat you
Take a look at these corporations that cheat you
Democrats and Republicans are all see-through
Now we voting for the lesser of two evils
Man, don't let 'em deceive you
This is an autocracy, not a democracy
But to call this a democracy without mock interest
In the laws of society, that's called hypocrisy

[Hook]

[KRS-One]
Democracy only happened one time
In European history, now keep this in mind
It was practiced in Athens overseas
In 508 B.C. by Cleisthenes
Citizens would get together on a hillside
And decide how and if they was gonna ride
But in 322 B.C. here's what happened
Alexander of Macedon conquered Athens
And that was the end of democracy
Where the people had a say in their society
Today, we gotta get more knowledge
And learn about the function of the electorial college
It doesn't matter who you vote for today
The electorial college has the last say
But that's another day, here's what I came to say
Rise up

[Hook]

[KRS-One]
In corporate sponsored elections, who's winning?
This the wrong direction from the beginning
Every candidate got scandal, they all sinning
Tryin to convince you, tellin you what they've been in
But the real issues, they get avoided
While our children still gettin exploited
Heh, they call me Blastmaster Kris
Edutainment, that's what my tactic is!
Some criticize Kris, some laugh at Kris
But you can't say Kris is not an activist
Social justice, I got a passion for this
Cause equal rights we still asking for this?
So when I do my tours it's not just rappin for Kris
I'm givin you more than gun packing with this
I'm openin doors, you should be asking 'bout this
You listening to them whores and them capitalists
Their game is tight, got you trapped into this
It won't be long before the ring you like have to kiss
That's why I'm an activist
I help people not to get trapped in this
The temptation? You gettin wrapped in this
So get up, stop sitting like a pacifist
Pick it up, pick it up, pick it up, pick it up