[Verse 1: Greenie]
Dear Uncle Sam, I hope they bump this jam
It ain't just about Iraq—or that shit in Iran
Them civilians you (done) killed in Afghanistan
Who wasn't even part of no Taliban
Who was you killin' out in Pakistan?
Who was you rapin' back in Vietnam?
What you done did to them Africans?
Or the genocide you did to them Indians?
If terrorists only kill civilians
Then why you done killed over a million?
Hey KRS mann come and back me
I mean—if you was an Iraqi, would you really be happy?(Hell no)
The US invaders sharp shootin' and blastin'
Thousands of civilians—yo—here's all I'm askin'


[Chorus]
Which one, Which One—Which is the Real Terrorism?
The Indian Genocide or a Taliban Prison?
Which one, Which One— Which is the Real Terrorism?
Iraqis who fight back or Bush's invasion?
[Hijackin" 200??] and the enslavement of millions!

[Verse 2:Greenie]
You created terrorism you made up chemical warfare
When there's desutrction on Earth,I just look and you're there
The propaganda you dropped,made the whole world forgot
You gave Indians blankets with smallpox
Tell 'em what you did Sam, tell 'em what you done
At Bikini Atoll ,you wiped out everyone
Castle Bravo was a bomb  with an explosive force
Of a Thousand of Hiroshimas  and you set it off
Near a peaceful and sundrenched tropical island
Erasing and displacing every man, woman and child
Who rejected that protocol for biological weapons?
Who refused to sign that treaty banning nuclear testing?(You)
Who's got ten thousand nukes, ready to be blasted?
So all that I asked is...

[Chorus]
Which one, which one—which is the real terrorism?
The MyLai Massacre – or a Taliban Prison?
Which one, which one—which is the real terrorism?
Gassing them Kurds and wiping out all them Indians
Which one, which one—which is the real terrorism?
Bikini Atoll and September 11

[Verse 3: Greenie]
March 9th and 10th 1945
Hundred thousand Tokyo citizens lose their lives
Then in 5 months you kill a quarter million more
Claiming that's the only way to [tribute? end of war?]
Then you create Israel as a nuclear state
While, the rest of the region can't even test detonate
And if you drop a nuke it's called necessary cause
If they drop a nuke, it's called violation of the law
But yo if I lived in a 'hood where one family kept all the guns
And hardly any other family had even one
And the one with the guns pointed them at my home
Me and the neighbors would wanna get some sticks and stones
And no I'm not A-n-t-i American, I'm just pro peace
But if you take a look at the US and the Middle East
Who's got all they guns pointed at them distant lands
Terrorists don't throw stones at Switzerland