Ruin this for your brain
Take it in, take it in
We ain’t never gonna ..
This the essence, this the essence

Fight, (protest), rebel, (stand up)
Hydrate, (soldiers), warriors, (hands up!)

Yes I’m an activst not going on after Kris justice I’m the ..
Looking back for Chris the streets are back .. the real talk
Real walking in .. after this
This is not a rehearsal either, this is for the real and permanent inspire our next leaders
I use the .. you can see that on my first and second album published right there
But blew up and I grew up... no more like kick me, I woke up the rest is so cold
Rappers is .. up , I ..books and got my ..up
Right ... I was no dumb, no ... the west coast is .. 64 with the ..straight leg ..
Nine got my beats ..on, battles, .. ice on .. villa sneakers
When I was growing up the biggest ...
I’m just doing what any son would do ..what’s facing me and you
So who’s teaching our children, so who’s really reaching our children
Deep in the building, .. I’m willing the .. killing
Stop the violence we’re gonna teach that rebellious
..keep spilling, how we’re living ..we start to forgive em
Keep .. revenge .. living
You would never believe what I’ve been in or what I’ve been through
Forgiveness is better than revenge
Don’t let it in you, you gotta learn t love them too
You gotta learn to love your enemies and your friends too
The hate .. love defends you, please take ..
Stand clear .. what man do and women ..living

Fight, rebel, .., warriors
Fight, rebel, .., warriors
Fight, rebel, .., warriors
Fight, rebel, .., warriors

Let me tell you about .. stop the violence STV
Back in the building .. Doctor King did things not .. the street
Now you’re acting like you don’t know or you .. full of ..
Your soul must be really .. I know this ..
But I’ma speed it to you anyway, I’m a revolutionary every day
The struggle that I every day
Black history, that is every day, what’s is a message that ..
It’s gotta, we gotta maintain freedom every way
Grandma told me every .. but in the long runs .. is days but in the .. never pays
Better ways acknowledge..never confuse never a slave
Your home is never a cave, ..life ..against the ..
No ..hold you ..forever I’ve told you ..
Back in the .. I will ..right on their ass stones ..working class
..over work is the .. time’s changing don’t matter how rich you get
When the money s gone is gone, that’s it
All you got is your respect your wep and your intellect and money can’t buy that
You gotta earn that, learn that, live that after the ..earn that you get back
I spit rap but really I’m a whole .. all model and most ..
I don’t spend money on .. not .. liners
I’m not a talking .. I blow up like open ..
Boom, boom