[Hook: KRS-One]
I say, the bridge is over, the bridge is over, biddy-bye-bye!
The bridge is over, the bridge is over, hey, hey!
The bridge is over, the bridge is over, biddy-bye-bye!
The bridge is over, the bridge is over

[Verse 1]
You see me coming in de dance with the spliff of sensei
Down with the sound called BDP
If you want to join the crew, well you must see me
You can't sound like Shan or the one Marley
Because Shan and Marley Marl dem a rhyming like they gay
Picking up the mic, man, dem don't know what to say
Saying Hip Hop started out in Queensbridge
Saying lies like that, man, you know dem can't live
So I tell them again, me come to tell them again, gwan!
Tell them again, me come to tell them again!
Tell them again, me come to tell them again, gwan!
Tell them again, me come to tell them
Manhattan keeps on making it, Brooklyn keeps on taking it
Bronx keeps creating it, and Queens keeps on faking it

[Verse 2]
Di-di di-da, di-di-di, dida di-day, aiy!
All you sucker MCs, won't you please come out to play (Cause)
Here's an example of KRS-One (Bo!)
Here's an example of KRS-One
They wish to battle BDP but they cannot
They must be on the dick of who? DJ Scott La Rock
Cause we don't complain nor do we play the game of favors
Boogie Down Productions comes in three different flavors
Pick any dick for the flavor that you savor
Mr. Magic might wish to come and try to save ya
But instead of helping ya out he wants the same thing I gave ya
I finally figured it out, Magic mouth is used for sucking
Roxanne Shante is only good for steady fucking
MC Shan and Marley Marl is really only bluffing
Like Doug E. Fresh said “I tell you now, you ain't nothing”
Compared to Red Alert on KISS and Boogie Down Productions
So easy now man, I me say easy now man
To KRS-One, you know dem can't understand
Me moving over there and then me moving over here
The name of this routine is called "Live At Union Square"
Square, square, square, ooooooooooooooooooooooo
What's the matter with your MC, Marley Marl?
Don't know you know that he's out of touch
What's the matter with your DJ, MC Shan?
On the wheels of steel Marlon sucks
You'd better change what comes out your speaker
You're better off talking 'bout your wack Puma sneaker
Cause Bronx created hip-hop, Queens will only get dropped
You're still telling lies to me
Everybody's talking 'bout the Juice Crew funny
But you're still telling lies to me