Werdsmif



Black triangle!
Its clarky!
Hold tight everyone supporting me right now init..
Big up tunnel vision tv on the visuals...

Ahhh! im a woooooordsmith..

Yo its been a while..
Just listen.. look!


Verse 1;
This is kinda twisted; try diagnose this
My diagnosis; beeeeee, phycosis..
With a high potencyyyyy; and high doses
Of drugs that; sposidly, cause zymosis!
Then again; mostly, provides hidrosis
So much so; but, I spose it..

-has got me focused; my-eyes fucked
And got me pyrosis! ..... although it's...
Got my-mind, more dry than my throat is
Smoke so much that i got siderosis!

Look upon my lungs; bet you'll find mycosis
And you man still wonder why? -I smoke spliffs!
Spike mans drink; watch him die like locus...
Dont act like you dunno this; i dun'kno you noticed;
That, im just tryna make it more clear than?
-my nose is!

Cos why find truth when the lie lies closest?
Ride or die; or you and i can try, and die hopless!?
....... im just hoping that the buzz, from these drugs;
Lasts a little longer than my dough is!
Dont be; suprised, goes quick!
Trust me............. I, know this!
Would i rather die than tell a lie? -nah
I would rather die than deny I wrote this!


Hook;
Like curses; my verses; disperse this;
Urge it; coerces; searching;
For the right way of wording;
Perfect.. blud im a wordsmith!


Verse 2;
.....haters say i ain't extravagant
Like - my-wording ain't-sick.. the pricks-are-just arrogant!...
Obedience; is, one-thing; the private schools ain't teaching them...
I bet they be obediant; -when i speak a beat at them...
The way the waste-the-days; tryna hate, is so bleak for them!

..... why the fuck d'ya think; that my lyrics dont speak to them-
Cos when i bleed a pen;
It simply seems to me again; that i dont speak for them?
Im just tryna wait; for the day; that, theyre crawling at my feet again!

...... fuck it you can kiss them..
My rhymes are consistant; like lines when i sniff them!
If you got a bit of white; i'll write lines if you give them!
.. rat-her that; then, a bit-of; bit-ter wine, in-my sys-tem?

..... but they say the way i rap;
Really takes the liberty..
It was me that brought em victory?
Take me to me america & blud i'll take the liberty!!!


Hook;
Like curses; my verses; disperse this;
Urge it; coerces; searching;
For the right way of wording;
Perfect.. blud im a wordsmith!


Verse 3;
..... Because the way i act..
They say im more sick; than, a pyromaniac;
Who's bestfriend is a fireman..
The; po-lice; say hes back; but, swear blind he's retiring..
My mood seems to flick; more quick than a siren
Know the words exist; still insist, they dont like em..
..... i feel inflicted when i rhyme em..
Insited; though im twisted; im not fitted for asylums....

.. see, it all - forms a science..
... like having risk-it to be silent;
Instead of; being shifted for your silence...
See a sticky situation try to fix it;
End up forced; into, draws-for-an appliance...
.... you can draw if youre reliant;
Or you-can-take-a draw-on-this; then, you-can solve-the violence..
Relying on reliance is like tryna form an alliance;
That ain't 2 man strong; so, you know you'll end up dying;

Dont even try to to fake it; like your girl does; she's defiant-
Your no killer; like my sex when i dont wear gloves;
Neither ones subsiding?!  dont say it... -
-you ain't iller... cah you best believe its violent!
Like an escapist rapist;  with a bag with tape in;
Cause the way i lead you on; within a song; im like a syren; if
He see your virginity; he's on his way to take it..
... you are not as sick as i am!
(sweeear - down; you-just-said, you're-not fitted-for asylums?)
- i-can-swear; blind, im-not; but, i-may; need, some-guidance?


Hook;
Like curses; my verses; disperse this;
Urge it; coerces; searching;
For the right way of wording;
Perfect.. blud im a wordsmith!

Im a word smith!
Im a woooooord smith!

You dun'kno what to do..
Follow me @clarky artist

Black triangle!!