[Verse 1]
Freestyle phonetic, check out the way I set it
Sharp like an ax get waxed or get beheaded
Metaphysical, lyricals, I slay ya with my syllables
I gotta hold the Planet so you know my raps are Digable
Praises to the DJ came correct when I was tested
Potentials infinite, Development's never Arrested
Contested, never pull the lever like a slot
Wanna pass through the gears I beam ya up like I was Scott
Tearing shit is glaring while ya staring at the test
Steal the ride while I vibe with my Tribe on a Quest
To the Pharcyde
Props to my Maestro man, DJ catched it while I flex it
Now pass to MC Kam
Back on a path now I Trailblaze another verse
Like Portland I got Heavy D but never need to curse
Ladies be chasing like I was Mr. Softee
My flavor is the Grand Puba Maxwell House Coffee

[Hook] (x2)
(Who ya represent?!) We represent hip hop
Kicking mad metaphors that just can't stop
(Who ya represent?!) We represent hip hop
Kicking mad metaphors I just can't stop

[Verse 2]
For Pete Sake let me Rock, spark this
I see/C an L gives me Smooth flow
Yo, yo take this metaphor slow
Cause it's gradual, lay back it's Casual
I Channel Live and if you can't catch it I'm dragging you
Through my Organized sights of Konfusion still exists
Get Funkee like Del, tattooing MC's like Hieroglyphics
I kick the real to the Public so I'm an Enemy
I Souljah Sister/since the scene get respect like the queen
I give it to 'em then I'm Swayze
A Hoodlum that's Intelligent for the Books
To keep from going Krazy like Drayz
A Poor but Righteous Teacher for the dead
The diabolical from the Soul, De La Soul however said
Now press the QB, you can't brand me with an X
Cause my Clan rolls thick to light MC's quick
Like a Flash I'm Kool like Hercules
So I'm Black like Africa so I Bam on the boom bap

[Hook] (x2)
(Who ya represent?!) We represent hip hop
Kicking mad metaphors that just can't stop
(Who ya represent?!) We represent hip hop
Kicking mad metaphors I just can't stop

[Outro]
Yeah, this the way we rolling in '94, you know what I'm saying?
Straight lyrical concept, going out to all those who understand
You can't disrespect and get with it you know what I'm saying?
Going out to my man TJ,  Noe, [?] and Disco, Feeds the Music
A Noisy Neighbors, rocking like that
Going out to my man Salaam, uh-huh and all those [?] Buckshot, Buckshot
(Peace, yo-yo, peace to the original freestyle heads, my man Louie Lou in Memphis, [?], Joey Ski, the Large Ski
All original heads...