[Intro]
Hmm.. Get a meal ticket and ball
Shitttt... hustlin' though

[Hook 1]
Ball and chill I know how the game go
But I'm out here hustlin' tryin' stack my change though
Too much hatin' and I can't do my thang, do my thang
I got 3 more half a birds to slang, birds to slang


[Verse 1]
It's like this year the first drought season this year
Crackheads can't find no good cook so they rehabbin' and drinkin' beer
It's around election time, so it's slow - no drug traffickin'
Connects scared to move weight and hustlers don't score 'cause niggas taxin'
30 for a bird, 17 for a half a bird
I got o-z's for a g, holla at me and you'll get served
Proper I got it powdered and I got it rocked up
Let me know when you comin' 'cause I'm gon' have my 40 Glock up
For protection, I'm beefin' with some niggas from my own section
Hatin' situation, heard I got a killer connection
See I ????? to be flexin' too much in my '99 Yukon
Gave it away, bought me a 600 Benz and a Lexus two tone
GS400, snatchin' niggas and shit - I done it
So I'ma be up on mines, I got that feelin' you comin'
You think I'ma stop my shine 'cause you niggas hatin' on mine?
Coward niggas do that, I'm real - respect my mind
I got all my workers runnin', sellin' the ?????? 20's for slabs
Fire beige coke in the 6th street court and on the ave
Shit so dry Tonto and Wop ain't even got nothin'
Them niggas usually have somethin' when it's a drought season - ass out season
So me and my souljas we got the projects sewed up
Make it fire when it's uncut with a lil' soda
Solid ass boulder, that's what you get
I done double doubled my money off this one half a brick - quick


[Hook 2]
Ball and chill I know how the game go
But I'm out here hustlin' tryin' stack my change though
Too much hatin' and I can't do my thang, do my thang
I got 2 more half a birds to slang, birds to slang


[Verse 2]
I'll sell ya 25 grams for 6 if you want it, it's well got
Don't play no games 'cause I'm a little shell shocked
Make me think you try'na do me somethin' askin' me to throw you somethin'
You know we gon' fall out 'cause you on that dope and you gon' owe me somethin'
You used to ball back in the ???? now you don't got shit
Remember, I was on that dope but I came to my senses quick
And I came up quick, I got niggas and bitches sick
Prayin' for me to fall... damn... can I ball?
I ain't never hated on y'all, ya under me so you feel small
That's down bad ???? went at y'all head and it sound bad
I still got the potential to kill, don't think this rap shit changed me
Can't nothin' stop my trigger finger when it become angry
Niggas asked me to sell them a quarter bird, I'm debating on that
I fucked his ol' lady and she told me he said I was soulja hatin' for that
Ain't that cold how niggas sit around and talk to their hoes
'Bout my coke and I don't wanna sell them nothin' whole
It's a drought, 'nuff money to be made in the South
So fuck what you, you, and you talkin' 'bout
No doubt, if y'all want beef we can beef
I got some artillery to shake the motherfuckin' streets
Matter fact I ain't taxin' niggas like I'm supposed to be
Should be charging you bitches seven-five for a quarter ki
You wanna hate? Alright I'ma sell that motherfucker for 8
Meet me in the project after the second line and don't be late
He and their podna want that four and a half tell 'em I want 35
If he get it or don't get it, coke sell itself, y'all can ride


[Hook 3]
Ball and chill I know how the game go
But I'm out here hustlin' tryin' stack my change though
Too much hatin' and I can't do my thang, do my thang
I got 1 more half a bird to slang, bird to slang


[Verse 3]
I got 1 more half a thing left, I'm thinkin' 'bout making powder bags and flippin' dimes
Make rock heads swear to God it's Christmas time
Wouldn't give a fuck if you had nine ninety-nine, I want 10 off top
When you come again with one more cent I'ma serve you this rock
???????? to be taking shorts
I might take a few off the powder bags, I know how it be when I used to snort
???? done popped some nigga on the old side by LaSalle
Lil' ??? told me he not solid, he might tell
Fuck 'em, off with his head, y'all know how we play it
Bust his dome, slit his neck, make sure that he dead
I'm spookin' but I ain't scared, I heard the feds in town
My nigga Giggity told me they asked about me when they shut his shop down
That's my round, he roam where I roam through the gunsmoke town
Say word he took life and 20 without making a sound
I'm feelin' kinda comfortable now but I still got shit organized
After this thing gone I'ma back out the game, my ??? stay the same but I'ma be wise and..

[Hook 4]
Ball and chill I know how the game go
But I'm out here hustlin' tryin' stack my change though
Too much hatin' and I couldn't do my thang, do my thang
So I backed out the fuckin' game, the fuckin' game!