1st VERSE
So put me on ...?... what im sayin
I'm bout to go up in dat world n fuck .....?
I got about a gram of yayo , bout to go in da ?
I do smoke weed, I dont smoke crack, I do snort powda
Don't snort for ya ... there that go that drank that nasty ass boog
Ya gotta snort three or four lines... if ya wanna be real and ya dont mind dying
Like me myself i been a soulja ever since the day i was born
And if i ran from a fight well then bitch i left school gone
November the 1st 1987, a nigga snortin powda stage strapped wit a mack 11
That powda had me watchin back
Just kickin a quarter shop ??
The Gangsta Eric n Black ?
The 7 - 5 is what we hittin fo ?
Plus a nigga panagram ? fuckin hollygrove
Black minds on a el dorado, if ya got a path finder then ya t mark on monte carlo
Like i said were just some souljas
Some people say "i think its all about the Magnolia"
No, i'm just putting that NOLIA on tha map
Dem hoes be shakin dey ass but fuck I'm bout ta

HOOK
Snort a Powda Bag, Snort a powda bag
I'm Bouta snort a powda bag, snort a powda bag
X2

2nd VERSE
I need sum powda, let me snort it
I'm bout to get retarded
I got two bags of weed
So say pass the forty!
Everybody tweakin just to snort a line
Shit, i hope you brought a bag cuz you ain't gettin mine (screams)
Dem hoes shake dey ass they think they sane but shit I'm bout ta snort a powda bag

HOOK
But I can't pay attention cuz i'm on dat DUST!
?
But I can't pay attention cuz i'm on dat DUST!
Slippin, tweakin, actin like a demon
But I can't pay attention cuz i'm on dat DUST!
Snortn fuckin powder snortn snortn powder
But I can't pay attention cuz i'm on dat DUST!

3rd VERSE
I'm crazy psychotic, I'm full of that angel dust
? i'm finna rocka  pouch wit half a tool bust
Now ya kno when dem feds come a nigga run fast
I'm lookin out the window and see nigga wit a black mask!
So i start bangin, 5-0 rangin, i'm having fatal thoughts
I seen a nigga brains hangin, that powda talkin to me
It have me on a flight, i'm camofauge cuz im a soulja fo lyfe
I'm thinkin they tryna rob me, I got my Glock beside me
It's chillin by my waist line, you fools ain't gon take mine
I'm on my way in a clarico, bodys on dat diesel
17 walkin ya she snorty dat peta ??
??? She answer with a calico ??
Bullet dress on dress on as maligrove
Full of that powda, all around her nose
One of my fo'z,  and came out wit a personal
She looked at me i looked at her
I said you want it bizzy?
She said wahat? Snort a powda bag wit me!
She started snortin lines n then that ho started gettin hot
I said to myself yeah im bout to make dat pussy fire
I'm tying it up , i'm thinkin that ho had enough
Of that white stuff, so i'm rolllin tha shit up in my cuff
She went da tweakin, gimme just a lil bit
I took some powda out n took sum powda on my dick
She snortd it, and then she licked it off awww yeaeh
Yo we got nekked, I fucked her like a dog shieeet
I got one nut, that powder took my energy
That pearl white coke, that shit ain't no mo friend of me
Yo i fell out but a lot of my niggas graduated
They snortin dope, mann dem niggas gone crazy
But either way go dey hoes shake dem ass
They think they sane, well ima run it on down
Tell her chill snort a powda bag

HOOK
Snort a Powda Bag, Snort a powda bag
I'm Bouta snort a powda bag, snort a powda bag
X2Snort a Powda Bag, Snort a powda bag
I'm Bouta snort a powda bag, snort a powda bag
X2