[Verse One]
It's been so long since life felt new
A change of place might help your view
The smoggy grey that hides the blue
But oh what a ray of light might do
It cuts through clouds and grows the trees
It never rains in southern Cali
Just kidding it does sometimes
But not for long before sunshine
Encourage you to exercise your mind
Deep as you can go and high as you can climb
Cause somebody's got to save the art
It's unsafe schools and unsafe parks
It's shanty towns and project homes
Inside the family, loves still strong
Cause even in my hood, light shines through
But oh what a coat of paint might do
What's there for the ghetto youth?
If there's no means to express you
They are and what they go through
Right past [?] from far to [?]
Know what we think we know is true
The older we grow we know the [?]
From donuts to full of life improve
And oh what a coat of paint might do
We've been here before it's deja vu
Nature is a source of great Haiku
Believe in God and He'll stand by you
Do unto others as the golden rule

[Verse Two]
Throughout this journey, many lost souls
Sound made 'em all at they crossroads
If we're brothers or [?]
Just cause I got mine and you got yours
End world hunger can't be hard
Must so many people starve?
Just what will this harvest yield?
Bless our crop of food for real
If I'm deeply low and up above
A species with and without love
Some don't care and some have heart
Art speaks against what tears us apart
Like police brutality
Raise the teacher's salary
Why not? They teach your kids
Are they so small and you so big?
Hell nah, you're just that cold
You don't give a damn to reap what's sowed
True indeed you're three four gold
It's not worth travelling that tough road
It might lead you to your grave
Will one day see mistakes we've made
Through the haze with few sunrays
Respect the old ways and go unscathed
The walls [?] by the train tracks
Graffiti ain't a crime, a way to pay back
Enjoy it while it lasts, it might give us
A rusty train a colorful touch
It must mean much if they're try hard
To stay up all night and paint a whole car
It once looked old they made it like new
Cause oh what a coat of paint might do
We've been here before it's deja vu
Nature is a source of great Haiku
Believe in God and He'll stand by you
Do unto others as the golden rule

Oh what a coat of paint might do {x4}