[Intro]
Abstract Rude, Sunspot Jonz. What happens when there's no light for the mirror?
You just don't see it
That's right. Let 'em know

[Hook: Abstract Rude]
There's another way out
You just don't see it
Get off that drug
You just don't need it
Don't get me wrong
Even I get weeded
I wouldn't sing this song
If I didn't mean it

[Verse One: Abstract Rude]
Peep the catalogue, what's the song count? Can't count
Break the bong out, blaze ounce
Roll the blunts up, oh how we pump the crowd up
That's one tough life be proud of
Follow the street buzz
City of L.A. to the east Bay
On tour Filmore to the Elray
We hella way out on this journey man turning thirty
Man
We through The Black Sandz Ov Eternia
I never hurry up
Better late than never, greatness can't be rushed earlier
Don't worry yourself just take this advice
The world is not enough and we only live twice
Stress, bottled up you can feel it inside
The potential is infinite and meant to be realized
Together it's strength in you and I
No matter what you do don't commit suicide
Because...
You just don't see it

[Hook]

[Verse Two: Sunspot Jonz]
I'm the motherfucker always getting high and shit
I'm the motherfucker always running off the lip
You know why I'm lit
Life's opposite
Then a plan I situated all I get
Frustration hitting me taking me to bitch
Sometimes I hit the world and I want to switch
With my granny up in Heaven who just passed away
Who finally got away from the hell that plagues her
Everyday life, I almost had a wife
Until I fucked it up, back to lonely nights
If your girl cheated first but you stuck it out
Now you made it better, now you made a house
And time went by memories never die
And the trust never dried on the sidewalk of lies
So now you cheat, trying to even the score
But who's really right when it's all out war?
So now you're L.A. snorting coke all day
And you smoke away your problems but they don't go away
Street fighting, bar fighting, not respecting my life
Cause you're living in the dark, never seeing the light
Beeyotch

[Hook]

[Outro: Sunspot Jonz talking]
Yeah that's right. Hey Ab I feel you. Motherfuckers is on all types of drugs. Whether it be love, whether it be control, whether it be hate man, you just don't even know. Motherfuckers is stuck in a paradox of what? Figure out what the fuck that is and get back to me

Go {x30}

[Sample]
"Tell everyone that I am sorry, truly sorry
For all the wrongs I done
I never meant to hurt nobody, noooo
Lord I never wanna do no wrong"