[Intro]
Predator... haha
Illeagle on the track, D-Ski
So epic, another one

[Verse 1: Shames Worthy]
Dude Shames rude, that's what some may say
But worthy of a mic in an abstract way
It started on a Thursday at a health food café
Pigeon Juan took me to where the bomb emcee would play
CA all day, gotta learn the hard way
Homie I was loving it, I'm better now because of it
Cause if you didn't come with it, you'd get booed off
Like my first five weeks came too soft
But the O.G's told me come back next week so I did
First time my rhyme blew up the spot man it felt so fresh for the kid
I was barely a teen, the beginning of a dream
In the LA underground hip-hop scene
Fellowship dropped, I became a fiend
Nobody had so many styles so clean
OMG OMD but that's not how most saw me
More like even a lighter shade of brown like [?] or Awol
It was FOI's gene pies, flow ties and the final call
Sewed up with some extra tension
Target of aggression in some mic sessions
All good, I understood and did what I could
I took my lumps while [?] beats would bump out someone's trunk
I ain't a punk (nope)
So I earned my props, learned my chops
Selling [?] school of hard knocks
Now I'm a vet, bet I still got Underground Fossils on cassette
Check yet never was asked to get down on no projects
But better late than never on a song together
I remember when the two of us met

[Verse 2: Abstract Rude]
He had a radio, I met him on Venice and 18th Street
He was playing those oldies like Jackson 5
James Brown at Apollo Live
Brown with a light shade, down since the ninth grade
Impressive [?]
Raphi played my tape using your boombox
You should come to the good life once school stops
Next thing you know, he's [?] brainwashed
Twice born Pigeon and Raphi teamed up
Damn I'm yelling hip-hop hooray
Down with OPP and [?] back in the day
But I was young I'm not a kid anymore
Grew up with that "warriors come out to play"
I still remember that verse and how much you have to rehearse
And when you forget, you freestyle holler that sh--
Like yeah, show 'em how you can spit
And dare any crew to come get some
Room full of Muslims, you were the Christians
Still co-existing, yo Pigeon out here on Crenshaw one exposition
Bang Cut Chemist him know Shames and Rude
Wear your laces boys
Of course we can hang with your favorite crews homie so make some noise
Where the hip-hop life [?] as we rap battling hey
All the kids got hyped when we did that verse your anniversary
And we're here to stay get a rude awakening cause we have no shame
Dude Shames rude, that's what some may say
But worthy of a mic in an abstract way
It started on a Thursday at a health food café
Big Al took me to where the freestyle emcees play
Deep wild emcees slayed laid down [?]
Came round since they fade
Green mile, that's what they walk down
Yes they want talk now
That's LA, South Central
That's LA, Capetown
LA, San Gabriel
East LA downtown
That's LA
Westside West LA
Eastside, that's LA
Wonder what happened to [?] Clan
I'm searching for dangerous women and gangster lunatic urban prop
Kinky [?] I'm glad Born Allah is back with Tabernacle
Searching for satchel pages, why did Jurassic break up?
[?] figures of speech with giant and Ava
Eve's a goddess, made a movie about us
Never forgot us, get the newer product
Cause we move a lot of it, whoever doubted this?
Clique is out of his mind, off of his wits and not gon' get signed
To even an indie, rest in peace to homie Bimbie
Was hella dope, Bigger B you [?] where did you go?

[Verse 3: Shames Worthy]
Moving off into the distance you watching us
Raising up under the ash and the rubble
They should've known that we were never in trouble
No matter which way the cookie crumbles
Everybody stumbles up in the jungle
Watching 'em fumble so I stay humble
Don't trip though cause we down for the rumble
Mama was a shark, said what's in my heart
Little bit of art tryin' to get a spark
When I started to play my part
I built my ark and I made my mark
Maybe paved the way for some kids in the park
I don't know, I don't care but I do
See we don't want them to grow up to be you
Ab Rude told me we keep it true
That's how I grew, right then I knew
Gotta see it through to the mountain top
Yes yes y'all and it don't stop
Met LPG in 1993 at Hex's OG hip-hop shop

[Outro]
I was gonna let it breathe but we already killed it
Shout out to the Good Life, Project Blowed
Element, Foundation, The Breaxxx
The open mics we used to have in Dax's backyard
Any open mic or cypher I ever spit out or emcee I spit with
Cause that's how I got here (Mic and Dimmed Lights)
Appreciate it y'all