Aceyalone:
Hello world...

Wake up, another beautiful day
Time to pack my bags and be on my way
It'll be a long trip and a wonderful stay
The missions have been assigned and stamped with an 'A'
I contact Abstract, and we check the tactics
To exit the projects and combat this wackness
We discuss the details, found all our duties
And plus this retail, this is a real life movie
So where we playin' at? where we stayin' at?
I heard they sayin' that they more than ready
Because we rock on and on and we rock steady
He's a scorpion on the scene with the deadliest stings
And I'm the lone marine, marine, biologist machine
Who called for the A-Team?
He's a scorpion on the scene with the deadliest stings
And I'm the lone marine, marine, biologist machine
Who called for the A-Team?

Abstract Rude (spoken):
Ten years ago a rap commando unit was sent to prison
For a covert experimental rhyme project deemed
Ahead of it's time and insightful of public hysteria
Thus, a threat to commercial defense. These men promptly
Escaped from maximum security stockade to the Los Angeles
Underground. Today, still wanted by corporations
They survive as soldiers of fortune and artistic integrity
If you have a problem that no one else can help
An MC no one else can serve, a show you really want
To be rocked, and if you can find them
Maybe you can hire The A-Team

Abstract Rude:
Acey, The Faceman, I'm A.B. Baracus
Who frame the A-Team, like Roger Rabbit?
From L.A. under to the land down under
U-S-A to the A-U-S
And as much as my blood rush quick for hip hop shit
Trust in your gut, grit teeth when your rhyme's bit
Good grief, hard time, how unfortunate
We still recordin' it, we still performin' wit
Elite lineups, throwin' strikes after wind ups
At least let loose a masterpiece that'll raise the roof
Tranquilize, then when I open my eyes
It's gettin' kinda scary in the friendly skies
We got invited, we had to come and blow
And sooner than you thought, when all was lost, a double dose
Of a 'Masquerade', part one and two, 'Treble and Bass'
'Deep & Wide', 'Keep It True'
We keep it true, we keep it true
We keep it true, we keep it true
(relax your mind with the music...)
We keep it true

Aceyalone:
The uncanny (uncanny), uncandid (uncandid)
Untouched (untouched), untampered, un-expanded
We landed from the void
We specialize in the reconstruction of the destroyed
I am armed and my harness is my charm
The record can never be tarnished, once it's formed
My identity (identity), my entity (entity)
Was everything that it was meant to be
See it was sent to me and it was gladly accepted
I-- I tried to give it away, but it was sadly rejected
A persona, of a grown up Acey, a loner
It's the path of the maker and the owner
It existed, as the whole world resisted (resisted)
They couldn't hold on for long, before they kissed it
And they blessed it (blessed it), with all sincerity (sincerity)
I say this with pure clarity
Who framed the A-Team? they must have been hating
Sabotaged, they're working for the enemies
Who framed the A-Team? they must have been hating
Sabotaged, but they can't conquer this energy

And we keep on and keep on and keep on and keep on
And keep on and keep on and keep on...
(sit back and vibe with this true shit)

Ab Rude:
Abby Rude aka Jimmy Rome(??)
With my Tribe clique i tell it like it is on the microphone
Cali to New York parks
On you're radio like sports talk
Outlining as if white chalk drew us
The truest at Lemiert Park
Rhyming 'til death do us part
And our birthmark must be a mic
Since our first start, we did it right
We in the game, whether you know the name, me and my main
Now, now 'ere these sounds so I can knock on your program director's door
The underground protect, respect, I hit the floor
And I architect for more than commercial buildings
So deep I rip carpet, so high I burst ceilings
I eventually make millions, create children
Do sports reporting, retire
Then come back like Michael Jordan
Title awards and final good-byes
You're gonna wanna spin it, if the vinyl is mine
A-Team

Ahh