[Intro: Gregory D]
Aw yeah! You know the bassline in the background, baby!
New Orleans, you know what time it is? (Buck jump time!)

[Hook]
That Calliope (Buck jump time!)
That Melpomene (Buck jump time!)
Magnolia (Buck jump time!)
St. Thomas (Buck jump time!)
Lafitte (Buck jump time!)
That Iberville (Buck jump time!)
Desire (Buck jump time!)
That Fischer (Buck jump time!)

[Verse 1]
Listen to the rhymes back-to-back
That I wrote for the project rap
This rap is wild, a number one hit
When you ever heard a rapper bust like this?
Uptown, Third Ward, that Calliope
Melpomene, Magnolia, the home of dope
St. Thomas, Lafitte, the Iberville's hard
And that Seventh Ward St. Bernard
The Fischer from that one point five
Where the brothers at from that wild Desire?
Where the Floridas at? Y'all ready to roll?
Where that wild buck jumping going Hollygrove
Gert Town, Pigeon Town
Seabrook -- this whole city throws down
That Uzi Ward, jack rope and geese(?) symbolizes New Orleans East
Them brothers wild, they don't give you a chance
Jumped everybody at the St. Mary's dance
Brothers go to popping, you're running like stallions
Ahhh ahhh! Pop, he got your medallion
Remember St. Mary's dance? Please!
Brothers used to be hopping out of trees
Wild horde New Orleans lord
I heard they kicking colors in the St. Bernard
The point behind this whole rap
This city is cold as any other on the map
New York this, California that
Forget that talk, this is where it's at
They're talking bout California like it's so dope
Let me see Cali walk through the Calliope
The projects, Wards, all on time
New Orleans number one in this rhyme

New Orleans!
New Orleans!
New Orleans!
New Orleans!

New Orleans number one and you know that's true
And if you disagree, forget you!

[Interlude]
All right, since we got y'all bucking
Y'all know the usual, you better look for the nearest zone
Cause this dance is about to get wild
We're gonna find out what Ward is kicking it, y'all

That Third Ward kicking it? Hell yeah!
That Fifth Ward kicking it? Hell yeah!
That Seventh Ward kicking it? Hell yeah!
That Eighth Ward kicking it? Hell yeah!
That Ninth Ward kicking it? Hell yeah!
That Tenth Ward kicking it? Hell yeah!
That Twelfth Ward kicking it? Hell yeah!
That Seventeenth kicking it? Hell yeah!

All right, check this out! You know what we looking for?
Check this out everybody -- it's time to get wild
Where's that Uzi Ward?
(That Uzi Ward! That Uzi Ward! That Uzi Ward! That Uzi Ward! That Uzi Ward!)
(We rock, we roll, that Third Ward got control)
(We rock, we roll, that Third Ward got control)

Mannie Fresh, get busy!