[B.G.]
I been in this game for a while I'm a paid man now (huh bruh)
On my sixth solo album I'm a made man now (yep)
Six years strong in this game
Been doing my thang (respect)
Eighteen
Livin' a millionaire dream (dream)
All my niggas worth 10 Gs (off top)
20 on my Rolex, 5 on my pinky ring
In my younger day I was facin' penitentiary (fa sho)
I was packin' 22s back in elementary (i saved ya)
I done been through it all
A muthafuckin' juvenile I can go through fall (off top)
Hookin' up with my partnas takin' niggas to war (huh bruh)
Gettin' street drivers and poppin' up a nigga car (car)
Before the school bell ring I was smokin' a 'gar ('gar)
Runnin' to my mama residence off the set (set)
Snatchin' bundles of rock is something that I regret (no mo)
But I done shaked that life cuz B.G. got plans (off top)
From being a wise guy to becoming a made man

[Hook: B.G. (4x)]
I got the right to hold a ki up in my hand
Cuz I'm a muthafuckin' muthafuckin' made man nigga

[Baby]
Nigga I'm a made man gold mouth dog (what)
Tattooed and scarred up playboy my neck and my wrist fog (say dat)
But these white folks tryin' to bust a nigga balls (fuck dem)
True to life game spittin' since '96 boy (alright)
Now I'm out cha with my homies and I'm actin' a hog (actin')
True to what I seek tryin' to live my songs fall (livin')
Nigga outta line puttin' Timbs on his feet
Muthafuckas creep
Nigga want war lets take it to the streets
Me and my lil B.G. tag team in '93
I keep it real with my family and my fuckin' peeps (fuckin' right)
Nigga disrespect let's put the nigga to sleep (put'em ta sleep)
I'm discreet about the things that I do on the streets
Them niggas be sayin' Baby put that fuckin' boy to sleep (Baby done that?)
Them niggas be sayin' Baby put that change on his feet (Baby done that?)
I got these niggas sayin' that boy Baby's a crook (a crook?)
I got these hoes sayin' that boy Baby off the hook (he off the hook)
Lockin' down the whole project
For self-respect (lock it down)
And them police is sayin I know he on paper he got a tech (ain't that cold)
Nigga i'm a muthafuckin' made man
Fuck with my lil B.G.s and nigga you a dead man
Helicopters and choppers is what I save man
I'm a paid man
'Til I'm a dead man
Nigga I'm a muthafuckin' made man
I'm mutha made man

[Hook: B.G. (4x)]

[B.G.]
I'm on a level where I ride on dubbs now (on dubbs)
I'm on a level old timers give me love now (love)
I walk the street nigga respect the B.G. (fa shizzi)
Because I made it I'm a major part of CMB (off top)
Baby gave me the game at a young age
Handle yo businees bust a head if you feel played (fa shizzi)
And best believe I done took some niggas off the shelf
God forgive me I got a graveyard under my belt (forgive me lawd)
I done walked in the killer shoes
The drug dealer shoes
Done bad masked up and gave niggas blues
I been in the game awhile I done graduated
I feel deep down in my heart I can't be faded
You don't know what I done been through
To get to (not at all)
Where I'm at now cross me I'll flip you (fa sho)
I'm doin' hella good but I done done bad (millionaire dream)
I'm glad to say that I'm a made man (off top nigga)

[Hook]

[Outro: B.G.]
My nigga Juve a muthafuckin made man nigga
My nigga Fresh a muthafuckin made man nigga
I know Baby a muthfuckin made man nigga
Suga Slim a muthafuckin made man nigga

[Hook]