[Intro]
Yea, it's me and T man
T.I.... dot com, bitch
T.I.P., fuck wit ya boy
Hey, that is my brother, ladies and gentlemen
T.I. and he is the king, bitch, don't get that shit twisted
And me, I am the best rapper alive, ladies and gentlemen, hello
This is Da Drought 3
And it's been a minute since I rapped on a Mannie Fresh beat
But uh, I guess I'll go ahead and show these niggas
What to do with one of the beats, mane... listen

[Verse]
I like my seat down low and my window slightly cracked
Ridin' with a bad ho, with her girlfriend in the back
I like to get real high and I never look back
And you don't wanna try me, and don't I look strapped?
I come from the hardest city, ain't nobody fuckin' with it
Got a black-and-gold soul, with a fresh New Orleans fitted
And a collared polo and a pair of Bally Bucks
Young Money, motherfucker, know you worried 'bout us
Cash Money, motherfucker, CMR I trust
Never had my jaw broken, but his jaw I bust
And I probably got your girlfriend on my bus
What happens on my bus, stays on my bus
And that white widow weed out the jar is a must
If you give me a cigar, then a cigar I'll bust
Put that white widow weed in the cigar and puff
Look ma, I'm tryna make a porno, starring us
Well not just us, a couple foreign sluts
Yeah, we make this some ménage à troisin', y'all in?
I be with Jim Jones and we be ballin', ballin'
Yeah, baby, we ballin', like Rawlins and Spalding
Pint of DJ Screw and that Hawaiian
I am leanin' like a 3 legged lion, climbing
Right to the top of the motherfuckin' mountain.. counting
I'm gonna need me an accountant to count it
Mannie got this fuckin' beat poundin', it's poundin'
But it was just lost, until I found it, I found it
Stole it like a scoundrel, Hollygrove hound it
Put this bitch to sleep, fuckin' right, I night-gowned it
Niggas talkin cheap, tell them niggas, "Pipe down, bitch!"
Bloods in the building, now everybody soundless
Beatin' up this track like a muthafuckin' round-fist
Blind, deaf, or crazy, I'mma spit like a long kiss
I am just a Martian, ain't nobody else on this planet
I know, see I live by my only
Say, where my cheese, nigga? Where my macaroni?
Baby, I get up in dat ass, and act a donkey
Candy on candy, nigga grippin' the grain
See, I'm the only fire that can live in the rain
I am so so New Orleans, like 1825 Tulane

[Outro]
Hahaha.... see, you gotta be from New Orleans
To know what the fuck I'm talkin bout
And if you don't... fuck you
I say what I want, and I don't want nothin'
Cause I got everything, bitch