[Intro: Papa Rue]
Yea, Yea YoYou know what I'm saying, it's the one Papa Rue (4 Real)
And tha Hot Boy$ Puttin it down for Cash Money!
COME DOWN!

[Chorus: Papa Rue]
Have you ever heard of a Murdera, Bloody Murdera
The Hot Boys come one time, How many say Murdera
Bloody Murdera, Cash Money Packing the low iron, low iron!
Head bussa, Wigsplitter one time!
Hot Boy$ committing crime, crime!
Head Bussa, wigsplitter two times!
Just feel the heat of me low iron, low iron!

[Lil' Wayne]
Blah, to your face, hollow tips go chase
Drum rates erase, everyday in the face (4 real)
I, I, shoot first, slugs leave quickly
She test me, plenty, niggas gone bleed (yea, yea)
Under the position of blood and Crystylle
Hittin a nigga section with guns leavin it foul
Blow out cha sky's you coming bak with the guns
Lil bads yell HOT! to the top of my lungs
Same nigga that a hit you set beat you son (4 real)
You know me lil' shorty Meacita's son
Lil' Wayne Nigga, Calleon, H-O-T, B-O-Y, U-P-T soldier
Can't stop me, with the bullets I throw, and the K's I tote
And the weed i smoke, and the corners i done sew
Who, you not ready uh uh not now, not then, not ever
Now bomb clear the spot, better back off, fore i blast off
Put my mask on and watch I,I, act a dawg
Ya'll wanted beef and what we made it worse
3 steps shoot pah!, nigga we shoot first!

[Chorus]

[B.G.]
It's a dirty world, gotta play the game for what it's worth
I was taught the way to survive a shoot out is to shoot first
That first draw daily it a leave you ass in the hearse
And i refuse to be the one on the T~shirt
Now Lil' Turk you got the Ak? (He say for sure I got it)
Lil' Wayne you drivin? (B.G. you know I'm drivin)
Juve put your camouflage nigga tonight we ridin'
These niggas thats playin with us like flys they gone be droppin'
We burnin' block like a forest fire burn nigga
Them chopper bullets melt you body open burn nigga
Like a perm sittin in a ho hair to long burn nigga
Beefin' with the Hot Boy$ i hope you people got insurance nigga
It's gone be 187 after 187, it's gone be blukah after blukah on my mack 11
Every time i hit a nigga set the seen get worse you heard me
Fuck all that stuntin, duck, cause I'm shoot first ya heard me!

[Chorus]

[Turk]
When i shoot first erasing every nigga on your set
Two Timer my thug name i be thuggin in black
More artillery than an army have reala
Serving you block you get caught be the one to killa
Settin, no hesitation in my per finger (Cash Money Crew)
When my guns bang it be singing like a sanger
Head banger shottin niggas like a sarenge
Wanna play games well say hello to my friend frankie
The nigga who working with 50 shots can't run can't
Hide so you automatically got, nonstop it becoming with full speed
Nigaa that's what you get fucking with a nigga like me
Tha h.B. hot boys from C.M.R
Like Juv, fuck with us it a be no tomorrow
Think we playin, and test us bad nigga
It a be you ass one more nigga who will get a figure

[Chorus]

[Juvenile]
Now a nigga was makin cake rolls by the case loads
Kept a chopper with a arm fold wherever I go
And I always had to hustle & I could go head
I was snatching by the truck loads all in your shit
My mommy used to tell me you gotta slow down
But I didn't wanna hear shit cause I was a clown
Look I done showed you lil niggas
I done mold you lil niggas
You besta not play with me cause
Look,i done told you lil niggas
I ain't the one my nerves bad, I move quick
That was potna that you killed what's happening with you bitch
I hit em bam bam, two to the chest
Bam bam two to the head
Bam on through the neck
I looked up, now which one of you
Bitches wanna be next, I picked the case
And then I broke through the Jects
Damn them bitches saw me i hope they don't talk
But if i think they gone talk beleive they ain't
Gonna walk, you see these golds, these diamonds
All these houses, these jews, they got niggas
Trying to jack and I'm acting a fucking fool
I know that everyday i gotta protect my naps
I know that a nigga wait'n trying to put it in my lap!
(Shoot 1st.)

(Papa Rue)
Have you ever heard of a Murda, Bloody Murda

{​​Papa Rue is a reggae type rapper, just flow with it}​​