[Voice over: Mannie Fresh]
Hey butt wick
When you come down here
Security and the police
You gon' need em
But pay attention
If any body else tell you they run it around here, don't believe 'em

Hook:
I’m the Man in my City. My city 7x
I’m the Man in my City. My city 8x

[(Dee-1) Yes sir, Dee-1 the one man army.]

[Verse 1: Dee-1]
Look I’m the man, shawty ride with a player
Woke up feeling so good I think I might run for mayor
Hop on the band wagon, all aboard!! (Horn sound)
I’m the shhh in my city boy, ask sewage and Waterboy
Watch my city hold me down, they like how I get it in
Mac told me to hold it down, so I got to represent
I’m just a po' boy from the land of po boy's
But now they be like "Oh, boy." cause I’m getting dough boy
Soldier let me see your teeth, smile at a G
Man we just got out of church, why you mean mugging me
Could it be because I’m clean
Could it be because I’m fly
Up early in the morning I jump shive
Yelling bye to the broke days
Yeah I hope they hear me
I see them haters out there, yeah I know they envy
And even when I buy 30 cribs around the globe
I ain’t never moving; like black people at rap shows

[Hook: Dee-1]
Phone ringing off the hook, everybody wanna talk
Same hustle different day, it ain’t nothing to a boss
Use to stay catching them rides, but now they riding with me
Just ask about me homie- I’m the man in my city
I’m the man in my city. My city 7x
I’m the man in my city. My city 8x

[Verse 2: Mannie Fresh]
I’m the man, I’m the legend, I’m the king, I’m him
One thing I’m not bruh, I’m not like them
I am great, I am good, still the best so far
I’m the whole universe and you're just a star
See I’m riding around and I’m getting 'em
Picking 'em up and I’m splitting 'em
Feed 'em fries and tell 'em lies
Send 'em home, forgetting 'em
If you strip and graduated I got money allocated
Get your bills together bring 'em to me baby I’m gon' pay it
I do student loans payin' homes
And all sorts of trickery
If you tryna eat go'n cheat, drop his a**and get with me
Got the biggest of budgets, I got money for days
And ain’t nobody in this city f*ckin' with me

Hook:
Phone ringing off the hook, everybody wanna talk
Same hustle different day, it ain’t nothing to a boss
Use to stay catching them rides, but now they riding with me
Just ask about me homie- I’m the man in my city
I’m the man in my city. My city 7x
I’m the man in my city. My city 8x

[Verse 3: Juvenile]
Animals in my circle; Ringling Ringling Brothers
Can’t call me out I'm in every circle a different color
You players learning to hustle a way I been discovered
Boy I make love to that paperwork I’m a business lover
Without a rubber now she pregnant for me
Went to the bank the next morning and she started a line of credit for me
I got the product but the kind with no serial numbers
I hit the block they look at me like a miracle coming
I got belief the day I came from a spiritual woman
And I know I’m not alone I got serious opponents
Party over here its just me and my n*ggas
And boy you can’t see nothing unless we in the picture
I say we in the picture like "Cheese!"
All the women be like "Juve can we spend the night, please?"
Steel Magnolias, soldiers Ree's and white tees
I’m the man around this thing
Me lock my swagger like breeze

Hook:
Phone ringing off the hook, everybody want to talk
Same hustle different day, it ain’t nothing to a boss
Use to stay catching them rides, but now they riding with me
Just ask about me homie- I’m the man in my city
I’m the man in my city. My city 7x
I’m the man in my city. My city 8x