[Verse 1]
I'm bout that trigga play nigga
I ain't stuntin you bout it too
You can get busy you know the choices is on you
I come through your area to bury you
I slow you down, take your Rolex with the bezel too
The B.G. a HB off VL
Tip toe and creep, rang choppers like a church bell
I'm armed nigga and backed up by plenty niggas
Thats trigga happy, don't give a fuck bout killin' niggas
We killin' haters with tommy guns spillin' haters
The ghetto made us slangin' is how we get our paper
Pull off capers an original duck taper
Got riches handed over nigga before I erase ya
You want my troubles I don't believe you ready for it
But I'll bring it to you if you insist you ready for it
You want beef I'm dramatized all day
You [?] me sweep cause I'm bout that trigga play

[Hook]
B.G. bout trigga play
B.G. bout gettin funky anyday
B.G. bout spittin 50 out a K
On the real B.G. bout trigga play now woo the
B.G. straight duckin feds
On the real B.G. bout bustin heads
On the real B.G. killin chopters
Look in the sky flyin by it's hellicopters
(On the real)

[Verse 2]
Picture I hang words with a nigga off the other side
Can't underestimate him so I'mma grab my shit and ride
Wayne drive do a pull up and I'mma bust
50 plus, handling bussiness is a must
My hoe she knowing, he wanna fuck so she gone hit em'
She on the phone with him, nobody home with him
Gotta go at em right I know he keep his chrome with him
I'm squeeky yeah I'mma hit him in his dome nigga
His enemy ain't with nobody stillin me
Thats why you never catch me without my 'tilary
I keep a nina if not I keep a fifth beemer
Once the drama on I ain't with coppin' no plea, bruh
Gat for Gat, Blood for Blood I'm with it, it ain't no love
Anybody slip and they get splitted
I ride or die I play it raw thats day for day
It's Spray for spray nigga I'm bout that trigga play

[Hook]
B.G. bout trigga play
B.G. bout gettin funky anyday
B.G. bout spittin 50 out a K
On the real B.G. bout trigga play, now woo thee
B.G. straight duckin feds
On the real B.G. bout bustin heads
On the real B.G. play with choppers
Look in the sky flyin by it's helicopters
(On the real)

[Verse 3]
Its on again I gotta grab my chrome again
Some nigga trippin I gotta upset a home again
I'm spankin niggas after a wait they momma be faintin
I'm yankin niggas in any given situation
No mouthin off I bring the blues to the weak
Nigga what you wan' do I'll tear down both sides of the streets
In the U.P.T. on the up and up niggas get killed
In the U.P.T. on the up and up shit really get real
You slangin coke? Anything, be ready to accept it
Cause if you'll have those chickens comin, B.G. will intercept it
I like that I play the game raw nigga
Lets take it far nigga you bout that warfare nigga
On the backstreet its me in a black ram truck
Head huntin woadie tryin to jam a nigga up
I'm on a grind for mine to get it how you feel
I'mma stunt nigga its all about that trigga play

[Hook]
B.G. bout trigga play
B.G. bout gettin funky anyday
B.G. bout spittin 50 out a K
On the real B.G. bout trigga play now woo the
B.G. straight duckin feds
On the real B.G. bout bustin heads
On the real B.G. towin chopters
Look in the sky flyin by it's hellicopters
(On the real) x2