[Verse 1: Kero One]
Hit the closets. Here come the lyrical monsters
With weapons from neck up Wrecking flows with concepts
Burbs to projects, they yelling my name
Kero One, free us from mainstream shackles and chains
The messiah of indie music Be the movement
Do it yourself. Pursue it or else you'll lose it
Truth... I told myself as a young youth
Now I build with skills what haters try to undo
Edge of your seat flows, stepping on beats' toes
Spitting fire like a lighter, reppin' my peoples
Second to none when it comes to showin' how its done
Epik High, Kero One, Map the Soul. Cowards run!

[Dumbfoundead]
Yo it's Dumbfoundead Map the Soul, modern day Casanova
Pack a bowl and pass it ova' People say I rap like Yoda
Hand me a pack of coronas and I'mma kill it
Get 'drunk' like the tiger Rhymer and go terrorize your village
Epik High called and told me to jump on and 'kill the track'...
I took it literally and stomped on it till it was flat
I'm from killa California, K-town to be exact
Got so much damn soul to find it you won't need a map
I've earned stripes like the corner Regions of Korea's flag
A recording demon but there's more to me than being a rapper
An advocate for truth, I am a savage in the booth
Step up and try to battle see how much damage I could do

[Hook: Tablo]
Yes, I'm ready to rocksteady!
Cause I got skills

[MYK]
Emcee Myk Map the Soul
Epik High muthafuckas, our tracks are bold
A tale unfolds, but y'all already know
Six years deep and they still 'follow the flow'
Joined the team in 0-5
Despite a little down time
내 자릴 다시 찾아왔으니 네 마음을 놓아
I'm rollin' with the varsity team
Your rhymes are hardly mean
We hold it down in this scene
And never barter with thieves
Words are sharp, shoot darts at a hater's heart
Aiming at your lolly gagging lines and your faking smarts
Breaking charts down, taking the whole crowd
Face it, we march proud and we making this art loud!

[Tablo]
Be your own big boss. Get yours
With your mind on the money like you're the pit boss
Go independent, be your own self-defendant
Like a knee repentant, the rules can be bended
No fool can be mended, it's a torn sickness
No need to prove yourself to a born witness
Look in the mirror, kid
You're a wonder like the pyramids
Industry, the stink of it
Ain't you fuckin' sick of it? Idleness?
It's a sin, yes. Clean up your 'window'
Of opportunity like Windex
You know, it's like incest to 'fuck yourself' over
Self-hate is alcohol...
You're drunk or you're sober

[Tablo]
Yes I'm ready to rocksteady! Cuz I got skills
Yes I'm ready to rocksteady! Cuz I got skills

[Rakka]
It's on when the mic's on. Dark when the light's on
Spit light when dark. Explosive dope, pipe bomb
Swing till your whole crew is gone
Skills like 시라소니 and 김두한
Spirit MC King. Ask Wing and Hong 10
I work the ring like Die Hard Dong-Hyun Kim
Otherwise never say die
So I'm blessed with 'nuff local love
Worldwide respected
I trade money but my time is precious
They chase treasure
But my milliseconds are measured
Map the Soul and every single spot I've affected
Rakaa stays fly and the High is Epik

[Tablo]
Yes I'm ready to rocksteady! Cuz I got skills
Yes I'm ready to rocksteady! Cuz I got skills

East, west connection
Boom Bap. One blood, one God, one soul music
East, west connection
Boom Bap. One life, one love, one true music