[Verse 1]
창밖에 반짝이는 수천개의 투명 거미
잠든 도시에 잿빛 거미줄을 치고
한숨처럼 책상 위에 가라앉은 수필 원고 더미
허리와 연필심을 굽혀 밑줄을 치고
'어쩌면 이미 흩어진 꿈을 쥐고 날 속이면서
빈손이 가득 찬 착각에 세상을 놓치면서
살아왔던 건 아닐까?' 극적인 생각
어느새 보니 공책 여백에 끄적인 생각
내 꿈의 적인 생각, 내 안에 숨쉬는가?
갈수록 나답지 않게 세상의 눈치를 봐
클수록 부끄러워지는 부모의 손처럼
내 손과 꿈의 매듭이 쇠약해 풀리는가?
그건 안돼. 분명한 게 이 눈 먼 안개
같은 현실의 바람이 세상을 휩쓸어갈 때
찢겨진 허수아비라도 난 버틸 수가 있는데
버려진 가을밤이라도 난 지킬 수가 있는데
며칠 째 집중이 안돼. 작은 손틈 새
물 한줄기 같애, 손에 잡히던 그 모든 게
어쩌면 나조차도 모르게 펜을 못 놓는게
그저 눈치를 보는게 겁나는 건가 고민돼

[Hook]
가질 수 없는 꿈이지만 I have a dream
비틀거리는 꿈이지만 I have a dream
버림 받은 꿈이지만 I have a dream
Live and die for this dream

[Verse 2]
세상이 등을 져버린 꿈, 너무나 더럽혀진 꿈
찢겨진 우산처럼 젖은 땅에 버려진 꿈
그저 버러지 꿈, 지워진 낙서뿐이 걸
You say, "Dream, 잊혀진 단어 뿐인 걸"
하지만 난 오늘도 헛된 꿈을 꾼다
비록 어둠 속이지만 다시 눈을 뜬다
I will never give up, I will never give up
I have a dream
내 꿈은 하늘을 걷는 난장이의 꿈
무지개를 손에 거머쥔 장님의 꿈
달콤한 자장가에 잠이 든 고아의 꿈
시간을 뒤로 되돌린 불효자의 꿈
내 꿈은 세상의 모든 어머니의 꿈
내 꿈은 크게 노래 부르는 벙어리의 꿈
내 꿈은 사랑하는 사람의 작은 속삭임에
미소를 짓는 귀머거리의 꿈. Dream

[Hook]

(며칠 째 집중이 안돼. 작은 손틈 새
물 한줄기 같애, 손에 잡히던 그 모든 게
어쩌면 나조차도 모르게 펜을 못 놓는게
그저 눈치를 보는게 겁나는 건가 고민돼)

(내 꿈은 하늘을 걷는 난장이의 꿈
무지개를 손에 거머쥔 장님의 꿈
달콤한 자장가에 잠이 든 고아의 꿈
시간을 뒤로 되돌린 불효자의 꿈)

(내 꿈은 세상의 모든 어머니의 꿈
내 꿈은 크게 노래 부르는 벙어리의 꿈
내 꿈은 사랑하는 사람의 작은 속삭임에
미소를 짓는 귀머거리의 꿈)

[Hook x2]

Dream on
Outside my window, thousands of invisible spiders glisten
In this sleeping city, they're weaving an ash gray web
Sinking like a sign on my desk, a pile of notes
I stoop my back and the pencil's lead drawing an underline

It may be so, when I grasp my already scattered dream, I'll be fooled, wouldn't it be that, I've lived this far
My empty hand full of fantasies, I've let go of the world?

Dramatic thoughts, now that I look at it
Thoughts that I've scribbled in my notebook's blank pages
Thoughts like my dream, are they breathing inside me?
The more I go on, unbecoming of myself, I'm attentive to the world

The more I grow, like an ashamed mother
Should I let the knot between my dream and hand, Loosen and come undone?
That can't happen
This is clear, when the wind of reality, like a blind fog
Sweeps over the whole world
Though I'll be just a torn scarecrow, I will stand fast
Though it be just a forsaken autumn night, I can defend it

For the last few days, I haven't been able to concentrate
The small void in my hand feels like trickling water Everything that was seized in my hand
Perhaps I don't even realize it, I can't put down my pen
Being wary, being scared? I'm worried

Dream
It's an unattainable dream but I have a dream
It's a wavering dream, but I have a dream I
T's an abandoned dream, but I have a dream Live and die for this dream

A dream, the world turned its back on a dream so dishonored
A dream abandoned on the wet ground under a torn umbrella
A dream just thrown out; just a scribble, that's been erased

You say dream, just a word that's been forgotten But today I'm still dreaming, an unavailing dream Thought I'm in the dark, I'm opening my eyes again I will never give up, I will never give up. I have a dream

My dream, the dream of a midget treading on air The dream of a blind man grasping the rainbow The dream of an orphan falling asleep to a sweet lullaby
The dream of a bad son turning back time
My dream, the dream of every mother in the world My dream, the dream of a mute singing a song out loud
My dream, the dream of a deaf man smiling to the whispers of the one he loves
Dream

Dream
It's an unattainable dream but I have a dream
It's a wavering dream, but I have a dream It's an abandoned dream, but I have a dream
Live and die for this dream

For the last few days, I haven't been able to concentrate
The small void in my hand feels like trickling water Everything that was seized in my hand
Perhaps I don't even realize it, I can't put down my pen
Being wary, being scared?
I'm worried

My dream, the dream of a midget treading on air The dream of a blind man grasping the rainbow The dream of an orphan falling asleep to a sweet lullaby
The dream of a bad son turning back time My dream, the dream of every mother in the world My dream, the dream of a mute singing a song out loud
My dream, the dream of a deaf man smiling to the whispers of the one he loves

Just dream. It's an unattainable dream but I have a dream It's a wavering dream, but I have a dream It's an abandoned dream, but I have a dream Live and die for this dream

Just dream. It's an unattainable dream but I have a dream It's a wavering dream, but I have a dream It's an abandoned dream, but I have a dream Live and die for this dream

Yeah, just dream