[Verse 1]
Cash her outside how bout dah?
Do she really wanna fight? Nah das wack
What she finna do? Just talk smack
Take the whole meme, turned it to a rap (Yup)
What does that mean? What I just said
Ain't it funny how she took and she flipped it to bread
Cook fame overnight it could go to ya head
If what you dreaming you was sleeping is now outta the bed
Now she laughing (Yup)
Getting stopped when you see her out in traffic (Yup)
Gotta a genie with these wishes like Aladdin (Yup)
Hit stick on squish like its Madden (Yup)
What does that mean?
Just can't stop
Search merch for the low money flow can stop
Called 'em hoes on the show so her IG popped
Young mind but she old way she cook that pot
Now she moving (Yup)
Haters mad while she up they losing (Yup)
Online get love and views and (Yup)
No going back whole world staying tuned in (Yup)
What does that mean, man shes dope
Got the world on sway, she could change a vote
Way she talk so cold she might need a coat
Gotta walk with a drip so her shoes is soaked
Catch her outside, you ain't ready
One jab have you Jason, way your face is Freddy
Got a hook so hot have you limp, spaghetti
When it hit go pop, watch it burst confetti
Got it locked in so the cops called in
The money balling the way that it falling
Whole world on her tip, ya we all in
At 13 she crawling we installing
All the money that she getting boy you know that its good
Took a flickture with a Kodak yeah she repping the hood
Think it's funny better know that she just misunderstood
Because if Phil couldn't fix it boy then nobody could
How she get it, got it, know that you want it
You just mad cause she young and she fixing to flaunt it
Don't play with lil' Shawty, you get hit for taunting
Body guard by the way like she MJ Jordan
Bucket
If you mad you getting played like a puppet
Cause it's only 'bout the money why she causing the rukkus
Kik push grind on yo ass, way she popping and shoving
Hate on the shine, why you ask went from nothing to something
We gotta slow down let it marinate
If you hating understand you only elevate
Bhadbabie steady eating in the present date
Had to make a song quick, get a piece up off the plate

[Interlude]
Had to eat, Danielle Bregoli
We lowkey got the same first name, it's all good
Let's finish this off
Hold up for a second though

[Verse 2]
(Cash me outside) how bout dah?
Do she really wanna fight? Nah das wack
What she finna do? Just talk smack
Take the whole meme, turned it to a rap (Yup)
What does that mean? What I just said
Ain't it funny how she took and she flipped it to bread
Cook fame overnight it could go to ya head
If what you dreaming you was sleeping is now outta the bed
Now she laughing (Yup)
Getting stopped when you see her out in traffic (Yup)
Gotta a genie with these wishes like Aladdin (Yup)
Hit stick on squish like its "Madden." (Yup)
What does that mean?
Just can't stop
Search merch for the low money flow can stop
Called em hoes on the show so her IG popped
Young mind but she old way she cook that pot