[Intro]
The Boogieman, fool, you ain't ever heard of the Boogieman? Look under your bed, fool, he might be under there, man

[Bridge]
Maybe or maybe not
What the Boogieman got in store, who knows?
I know, wouldn't you like to know?
Stick around, you might learn something inside the show

[Verse 1]
Dz, bet you when I strike King Kong bleed
Cut the sway and wear my heart on each sleeve
Evacuating move with swift sleepness
While these other bozos hit you with the cheapest
I'm nothing similar, of course y'all know that
So charge from the styles, your earthquakes be my throwbacks
Mercy, boy, don't cross me
I'm here to make you boogie on down, stop being bossy
But you get accosted, tossed up like a hoe
You flossing with your whole paycheck like a doe doe
Understand the fade, you could tweet those
Process burn, you learn as the beat goes
I throw a flash tank, gas it with no shame
Your whole brain took over with gold game

[Hook]
It's the Boogieman, peep all the goodies I have
It's the Boogieman, fools wanna boogie, go [?]
Maybe or maybe not
What the Boogieman got in store, who knows?

[Interlude]
Wouldn't you like to know, huh? You big mouth bitches out here, you think you don't fear nothing. Come on, man, be real. Boogieman'll get your ass especially. You stupid ass bitches

[Verse 2]
Form your investigation under your bed
Behind the covers you'll open up the covers
Daytime comes, it's time to boat
Can't let you nosy fools find me, time to go
The Boogieman been misinterpreted for centuries
Talk about me like a dog with a fictional speech
I'm something which you will need to put the blame on, hang on
I'm not finished, I say shame on fools who wanna make up fictitious characters
To make their children go to bed, it's so hilarious
Somewhere between the Candy Man and Freddy Kruger
But the Boogieman is the OG, you always use him
On a 5 year old, won't mind, he do what he told
So they peep game and watch you go on keep playing
I think I'm finna stay a while, I kinda like it here
Cause the Boogieman is real, sucker, I'm your fear

[Hook]

[Outro]
Okay, and I send this one straight to this big, old, hefty bag bitch still don't think I peep game and don't believe it. That's cause she be talking about she don't fear nothing. Damn lie, you know you a liar. Nothing? Keep it 100, fatso. But swear fucking FBI be tailing her on Facebook. You fucking slap away yourself please, you dumb ass, diamond headed moron. Nobody thinking about you, you ain't important. I know you would like to imagine yourself some [?] or whatever, but you ain't shit, stop playing. I'm out sucker. Peace. Boogieman your fear. Boogieman your fear