[Hook]
Get it right, get it now
Get it right now
Why wait? Why debate?
Get it right now
Before they put me on time out or lights out
Get it right, get it now
Get it right now

You need some motivation
You need to know your place and
Fall-back or get called-out
Know what I'm sayin'?
You need some motivation
You need to know your place and
Fall-back or get called-out
Know what I'm sayin'?
Oh you didn't know?
Well it goes like thiiiiis

[Verse One]
Open up your blinds let tha light shine through
It's Del with the IQ of Einstein
The final equation, elated to the rhyme to the audience
Haters can't relate they be tryin to start arguments
All them fools marked for death
And they toe get tagged
When a flow's dispatched, it make foes relax
And think about it a second
Before I even touch the mic and that's without a suggestion
Start countin your blessings
I'm clownin you peasants who be doubtin my message
Your style's not impressive
I'm using my time wisely, nothing can slide by me
Fools try me then at the end be like "why me?"
Why not?
I can see your blind spot
Birds try to jock, they can go find the flock
Time is on the clock but not a second to watch
Got a plot synchronized on the dot ready-or-not

[Verse Two]
I'm takin this shit back to the essence
If anybody wanna talk shit I gotta message
Keep it to yourself or your health will be lessened
Depleting like an energy bar cause you be stressin
Stupidness
Who is this nigga up in my business?
Get his ass up out of here before I start flippin
Like channels on a remote control
I don't condone fools on the mic who can't hold they own
I'm on the throne
Zone with me, it's the ticket to the next situation gettin explicit
Now picture it physical evidence gone I'll be acquitted
Gettin funky with the linguistics that's tradition
Infliction of pain on perpetrators, wishin
To slip in my position but nah, good riddance
If you didn't chip in you can't get a bit of this
Deliberate backstabbing that's shit's ridiculous
Biatch

[Hook]

[Verse Three]
Yeah bitch I'mma rhyme forever
X marks the spot now go find the treasure
Funk fatality battle me? You catchin a blizzard
I got allergies affected by you wack ass niggas
Let me go and get bread spit hot lead, spread the gospel
Topple you fools that wanna pop so much shit
Fuck it time for me to flush it
Do the people justice rock my production
Hoes be lustin no you can't touch him
Follow his instructions, no he ain't fuckin'
Indestructible walk into the session
Soon as I catch the groove it's impressive
Dilapidated ya crew
Niggas fake as you?
I can't relate to you
This is for the real people who take the truth and ingest it
Let it radiate in the soul and manifest it

[Hook]