[Intro]
This is the story about a piglet named Puny
Who didn’t like people
All the animals laughed at him
But everything changed when Puny met his new friend…

[Verse 1: Del]
First day of school, I’m in the lunchroom
I’m drinking me some juice, right about then
This dude tried to move, me out my seat he said he wanted
Nothing I could do, it wasn’t cool

[Chorus: Del]
You’ll try humble pie
Yeah yeah, it serves him right
Sit down and eat a slice
You’ll try humble pie
That’s right, chow down
I’ma make you bow down

[Interlude: Lana Shea]
There’s a high road, but down you go
Never see the summit when you’re down below
You never get ahead when you’re keeping score
Gotta know your soul
Why you do what you do? Why you do what you do?
Why you do what you do?
You should think about it

[Verse 2: Del]
He fronted like the master of the schoolyard
Slammin’ fools into lockers what we knew him for
He be whylin’, they be askin’ what do this for
He must be getting abused for not doing his chores
He take what he want like, “Gimme that”
Beatdowns, head cracks only thing he giving back
Somebody tried to stand up to him
In fact, got backhanded like, “whack” with the Dig’em Smack
He hittin’ crack with an empty Coke can
Hiding from the principal, that’ll ruin his whole plan
He a mystery nobody care to solve
Now he damn near made me fall trying to snatch the chair I’m on
I’m looking at this fool like he must be dumb
But I’m ‘bout to educate his ass if he touch me once
He acted jumpy like something’s up
He rush, I duck, he tried to hit me with a sucker punch
Fucked his head, he said, “Come here, punk!”
I crouch, kicked him in the legs, his knees buckled up
He fell to the ground, I put my knee in his neck
The whole cafeteria’s seeing this shit…

[Chorus: Del]
You’ll try humble pie
Yeah yeah, it serves him right
Sit down and eat a slice
You’ll try humble pie
That’s right, chow down
I’ma make you bow down

[Verse 3: Del]
Humble pie, now try a piece
That shit don’t fly with me, trying to act violently
You can’t beat everybody up, you ain’t the ruler
Sent to meet authorities, it’s drastic measures, you get booted
They introduce his parents to the school board
Continuation school is his new course
Pops damn near killed him with a brute force
Then paid the hospital bills, he sold his new Porsche
Moms packed her bags, filed for divorce
Took the kid with her, now pops is paying child support
The moral of the story so they don’t forget this
Wear the hat that fits you and don’t get too big for your britches…

[Outro: Lana Shea]
Whoa-whoa-oh, doo-doo-doo-doo-doo…
Why you do what you do? Why you do what you do?
Why you do what you do?
You should think about it