[Tame One]
To all my niggas, all my bitches
Throw your motherfuckin' hands in the air
To all my bitches, all my niggas
Throw your motherfuckin' hands in the air

[Verse 1: Tame One]
Yea, yea, to put it mildly
Until my finale, I'll be entirely wired and grimy
So find me building with the Boom Sqwad
And Elder Gods behind me
Some might find it ironic how chronic
Became a staple in my daily ritual
And my survival
I'm naughty by nature
Treacherous as a special guest with me cleverness
The best of the best
I swamp stomp stomp the rest I guess
You just the hype man
You put on a good performance, but I am the purest
And I could assure you the hood ignores it
Not that I hate but wait
To each his own on microphones y'all know it
Comparing a clown to a ghetto poet
I don't care who knows it
I'm blowing your spot like mom and dad
Straight off of [?] Ave
The dirtiest, Jerseyist, verbalist, ever to spit
I'm 30-ish with some purple and piff (Yes)
No longer satisfied with just rapping and battling guys
Even for dough
I come to your show, leave with your hoe
Overall that's the protocol [?] that's how it go
They poppin' cameras
At any champ with a chain
Rockin' a bandana (chump, they bammers)
They got the game on lock
But I'm from the era with Timbs and blunts
Now it's all rims and crunk
When the fuck did smoking [?] become a come-up?
To little cats thinking they super heroes that's crankin' it
What? As a lyricist, what the fuck did I miss?
Who you peel to get your record deal, bitch?
You suck a dick, admit it
On your first 12 inch, I ain't forget
Shit, you bust more times than 50 Cent
Why everybody sound like Jay now?
When did freestyle become a paystyle?
Look how fast we stopped fucking with 8-Mile
My influence was Wild Style
And added New Jersey steez
From OGs like Scott La Rock and Frosty Freeze

[Hook: Del the Funky Homosapien & Tame One]

Advertise, I am the franchise
Every verse is well worth the purse in rap fans eyes
I used to fantasize
Now it's real for real, rockin' on the [?]

It's advertised, I'm the franchise
Each verse is well worth the purse in rap fans eyes
I used to fantasize
Now it's real for real, rockin' on the [?]

[Verse 2: Del the Funky Homosapien]

Imma keep rockin'
Trends come and go, and they go and come
Like the ocean tide, but the soul survive
The funk is continuous, [?]
That flow you like never would have been exposed to light
Were it not for the cats who rocked before you
Mommy and daddy made it
That back in the day shit
That [?] their nose at
They ain't hip to how far you gotta go back
Fade to black
Next scene a Iceberg Slim paperback
An 8-Track, afros and slacks
Chicks doing the bump, pimps doing the strut
Bands was producing the funk, the future was us
As a youth, I used to sneak in the bar
In the basement, and be in musical awe
Pops had the Jazz and mom had the Soul
Even had African jams to complete the mold
The late 70's, I'm reading books by Malcolm X
Yeah, his speech just took a hold of my brain stem
I wasn't like them other fools off in the playpen
My situation the same as far as location
That's how I came in, but how I go out
Man, it's up to me, so I'm knowing what's up, I'm deep
Hip Hop came along, it was my cup of tea
I came up in the streets so I could fuck with the beat
It was similar to the older music I'm familiar with
The words I heard was funk but funkier
And I come from the funk, and ain't nothin' uglier
They used to call me crazy Del for raising hell
And spitting bars amazingly well
Renegades of Funk was my theme song
And Afrika Bambaataa kept my beliefs strong
Yo, motherfuckers be modern day minstrels
Blinded by Tinseltown, the shit is foul
I ain't hatin', I just ain't involved
They wack in my opinion, but that ain't my call
My take is to give you that vibe
That created the shit in the first place
Peep what me and Tame verse say
Get motivated, and find out about yourself
And know the basics, ya dig? smell?

[Hook]