*scratched* (Worldwide)

[Verse 1: Del + Unicron]
Who is the two like the Blues Brothers?
Yeah, who does it?
Me and you, kid, we bruise dozens
And hundreds of kids havin' fun with the wiz
That's me and...
Unicron, the inhuman on the mic...yikes!
Zoinks! I zaps saps who can't rap
They sound like beginners
I slam then I pin ya (Slam)
Send ya to the hospital, I gots the flow
No nigga dare step
You'll get your hair swept
Off the floor when I clip ya
Button ya lip ya
Even if the record skips, I still rip
(Damn, that nigga ripped that!)
Toe the rivers, equip ya punk posse
Ya got lots to see, days to come
Before you raise from dumb to smarter
Rippin' apart a poser
Bend 'em inside out like yoga
I'm a nice person on the inside
But men hide when you and your friend die
But a hand to the strangler (The strangler)
The Benihana chopper
And we oughta pop ya and crop ya
'Cause we're sick of that shit (Sick of it!)
I'm about to have a fit and split ya head
And kick ya bitch in the tits
They're tender, mixin' niggas brains like a blender
I kick rhymes like these to injure
And end ya, off ya
Never comin' softer
This is not the best I can offer (Not the best)
I'mma save some for later
You ain't greater
Than the man with a plan and the brand that is name
And I hate ya

*scratched* (Worldwide)

(Del: Ayo, this kid is dope; yo, check this...)

[Verse 2: Unicron + Del]
I'm the youngsta with the swift tongue
Or the kid that lives up the street over Jon's beat
I make rappers eat turds and hay
It doesn't matter what version you play, I will still slay
A crowd of rhymers, and Del, how'd I find ya?
That one summer years ago I shoulda signed ya
Just a quick reminder for those who find a...
Problem with me, I'll put you on 'noid like a TNT timer
And there's only 20 seconds
Now I'm 16 and yes fiend to wreck shit (Wreck it)
I throw temper tantrums, that's my anthem
I'm not very big
But if you fuck with me, you'll be like Jerry's Kids
Fucked up and that's tough luck
Unicron has never backed down from a tough fuck (Never)
That's what lubricated Trojans are for
'Cause I know when the core hits the tip, I got the dip
Flippin' and sippin' on my nipples
And I will have a fit, too
'Cause I get excited when I ride it
Fun while it lasted
Cas, did you like
When I did a song, back in the day with the Del-a-ray? (That's me!)
Get a patna, I'm glad you got the chance
To enhance the Jive roster
I'm a foster kid but Del hooked me
Now I look free when I'm out (And I'm out...)

*scratched* (Worldwide)