[Verse 1: Proof]
Singular in the mind, I'm who you would construction
Amazing in vocab, unique with production
Pilots, now it's revenge of a real one
One-in-a-million drastic with verbal nastics
Radical back you go and askin what you rappin fo
Inferiority since you relieve factually that you wack to me
Why you strive to be the best out them all
I cut your thigh off down to your toe
You still wanna flow now come on use your head
How you gon kick it with only one leg?
I reckon that's the reason bad MC's didn't have the reas
I turn your juice and peoples into dead batteries
Elementz the four energies that sink your ship
Put a brain up in your anus and you still couldn't think of shit
Smartass, your wack lines ain't harmin' me
I provoke you joke ass rappers to stand up and make comedy
Test the midwest
And who's steppin up?
Rippin off your ears won't make you deaf enough
The best of like vestor, the referee can't see the pressure
Here comes the loony ass professor
Chill nigga, naw it's me nigga
Best to ask Tommy
Cause he'll figure... it
Just don't pay to be bad
So grab your pen and pad
And jet back to the fuckin lab

[Hook]
Whos that the battle king
Take 'em to the battle scene
Watch the rappers scream..
Whos that the battle king
Take 'em to the battle scene
Watch the rappers scream..
Now Whos that the battle king
Take 'em to the battle scene
Watch the rappers scream..
Now Whos that the battle king
Take 'em to the battle scene
Watch the rappers scream..

[Verse 2]
You wanna battle, what? That puts me in a badder mood
So now I won't stop like a bus driver with an attitude
Walk a slick trail watch me out fox ya
You swung, but that ain't hittin' like an armless boxer
You have no technique; of course they sleep
You can rhyme all day- ask six quarters and admit you're weak
Rhyme for rhyme, you can bet ya
There ain't a damn line predictable
Call the psychic network
I'm out to foldin now I told you crystal clear
Guillotine style, parallel to Wolverine
I've seen pain, check my brain
Exclusive, too abusive, comin from the westcoast
Don't make that ass ruthless
You can hang but ya hung
That shit you said was fake
A bootlegger must got your tongue
It's a shame you wannabes are tryna rap
"Yo Proof man you're incredible!"
No I'm better than that!
Practice the tactics
That's a bad thing
So now you's a fake bitch like a drag-queen
Weak cats dream of Genie and trickle Houdini
The problem's in your god complex- check your colbelini
Scope this, these wack niggas can't get with me
Take a hard MC, make him yellow like Kid Capri
Shit we be the top notch
And don't need to brag about the past; now we out to find blocks
Like Stephen King with the butcher knife I stab your story
And now you bitch ass niggas runnin back to the laboratory

[Hook]

Remember that (echos)
Wuch you know about weak emcess huh?
Wuch you know about crackers and cheese
Mk
Strait for the 9 izzle
Izzo, im izzi... without a doubt