[Intro: Proof]
*Chants: HELL YEAH*
Ayo, the big Proof
1 sixth of D12, one half of Promatic
All life after death
I heard you, nigga, I heard you, my TV is big like a truck
Forreal, nigga, I do roll deep nigga cause i'm a boss bitch
See me on them streets ya hear me?
You ain't making my heart hurt nigga
Gonna make y'all hurt
Yo Killa Kaunn where the fuck you at nigga?

[Verse 1: Killa Kaunn]
I'm sick of these punk pussy rappers yapping and flexed
Put the Tech to the back of your neck and let it stretch
Royce ain't the king of shit, and i'mma delete the Elite
How you a gangsta but you never in the streets?
I'll put you in a coma when you rolling up Magoda
2 shots at y'all Range Rover, game over
Where the fuck is the truth when i'm up in the booth
Purple Gang, Killa Kaunn, bitch i'm riding with Proof
My guns will burn like the Seesraw sakes, bet yo ass get a grouse, That's why you the next Malcolm X
Tre Little gon' get dropped like Ja Ja's own label
And we only see your videos on Comcast Cable
Local punk pussy, wishing you was burn in Queens
Donell Jones looking nigga, born to sing
What is y'all, a crew of "has been" thugs?
Wait, you can't be a "has been" where your ass never was
Royce you charred and feathered up, stop fucking with us fo' we blow your truck
We fucking you up
Ja Ja's screaming, "Where's the love for me?"
That’s what happen when your ass a whore in the industry
And my voice get lost, and still get you a sale
Plus you bitch ass niggas do it via E-Mail
This is Killa Kaunn, top gun in this joint
Dude, my guns is blazing and they aiming at Royce
I'm the number one street nigga
I got deadly aim, and you faggots won't remain, Bullet to your brain
If you broke motherfuckers had a boss, I'll target that motherfucker, you already lost
Fuck Kino, he mad cause I won the Spitfest, that's a testament to the flow cause I spit best
Purple Gang BITCH!

[Hook: Proof]
Hey Detroit is you with me y'all? (HELL YEAH)
Is Royce from Detroit? (NO)
Straight off 7 Mile? (HELL NO)
Ain't he the king of the D? (NO)
Do y'all love Royce from now? (HELL NO)

[Verse 2: Flame]
This nigga's sick, but i'mma cure his cold
Throw a tissue on a 40. Cal and blow his nose
You rock Rhinestones, you can't afford Diamonds
You the king of Wuss City stop lying (STOP LYING)
Got shells flying, out the Tommy Gun
Niggas bought his bootleg and wanted a refund
Nigga I ain't done, I always bring the drama
You wanna blow up, hugging a suicide bomber
Nigga I'll pop you if I see you on the streets
But I won't get a chance, you don't live in the D
You'll be resting in the peace if you cross the team
I'm the type to shoot your ass, and scream out "FREEZE!"
Nigga please, you don't bust slugs
You a internet gangsta, a E-mail thug
Never unloved, nigga, it's gonna be blood puddles
You're surrounded with more Eagles than McNabb in a huddle

[Hook: Proof]
(HELL YEAH!)
Y'all niggas scared of war? (NO)
Bow down to the king? (HELL NO)
Shouldn't I let this slide? (NO)
Y'all gonna let him outside? (HELL NO)

[Verse 3: Famous]
I said take this bitch down, and take his cash
And shoot more holes in his face than a Jason mask
They whole crew is bitch and they captain his wood
He could get karafold but he not from the hood
Nigga this is Famous, East side weapon
We catch bodies like Firefighters on 9/11
So that chick better duck when they're tossed around
A slug'll get y'all stomach shown like an ultrasound
Fuck what y'all niggas is on, my whole trick is the crew
And Trey Little, we got AK's bigger than you (Bitch)
And you better duck if one fire
I'll have you with a locked at home with a vest on like the umpire
Don't feel you with thugs and strongarms
Cause all the wheelchair's gonna give you is strong arms
Yeah, you little niggas, we got the streets locked
And the only soldiers y'all ran with is a pair of Reeboks
Like it or not I'm the hottest around
40. Cal will blow Rhinestones up outta your crown
Laying down, you sleeping with Tech's to your head
Wake you up with a toast like breakfast in bed
If you high and on P then you facing the streets
That's a whole lotta drama so watch your mouth
Cause if we drop by once and miss you, we gon' double back
And pop your dumbass more times than the sheet of bubble wrap

[Hook: Proof]

Do they got street credit ? (NO)
Ain't they built for war ? (HELL NO)
Is Detroit past 8 Mile ? (NO)
Does a real nigga lie ? (HELL NO)

[Outro: Proof]
Ayo, it's over, I'm officially announcing, it's over
Ain't no beef out here, ain't no competition, it's grown ass men to boys, When it come to the street shit, ya heard me
So y’all motherfuckers keep it in the mic booth
Don’t step out on the pavement, we live right there, you hear me, Purple Gang! Killa Kaunn! Famous! Flame! First Born! J-Hill! Kuniva! Real niggas, niga! They spit liver saliva. Godfather. I.F. 2 Death, Kaiser Sozet, We do what we ‘sposed to, picture me on the poster, it’s over