[Verse 1: Proof]
This is me dawg, this isn't no "E" talking
Deep thoughts in my dreams
Plea bargain, I know we see often...
The tights and then hammers, the lights & the cameras
So-called friends scramble when your life's pretty jammed up
My wrists fight with handcuffs, my soul held hostage
These jail bars are symbolic of dispelled knowledge
His hell's hot
His thoughts of semen birthed an idol when we started dreaming
I wish you could feel my heart is beating
And part the reason I'm this fucked because of Marshall why wasn't partial to stand on his follicles
I didn't care no obstacle too big, I can't believe head lost his head, now I'm heading to the booth to be Proof
Nothing less
Something else got these leeches teaching me freedom is everything
Dirty Harry brings... justice to moochers
Proof just big-hearted with the passion to form art
These clowns take advantage of my start
Take advantage of opportunity
So stop pursuing me, you devils will not ruin me
God, who is he? Show his face, know this place
Slow the pace, coldest ray, motive: rage
Old & raised, damn I miss the golden days...

[Hook]
Sometimes I feel that no one is real
And some on my team are single-handedly killing my dreams
Sometimes I feel that no one is real
Some on my team are single-handedly killing my dreams

[Verse 2]
I only been Proof since '88, I was living proof
A testimony of truth what I'm giving you
So from '89 to now, I struggle with rap
Met Em, D12, had kids, got Bugz on the tat
Love in my past...
But now I'm flooded with evils like the drugs of my dad
I wasn't the bag...
As I recall, before D12 hit, I was headed to hell, man
Fucking around with Delvin
Did a tail spin when Snook got took, when Bugz got done
At night, I'm thinking to myself, "Damn, am I the next one?"
Look in the mirror, my mental's deep
I let this info leak: As a man, I feel incomplete
I'm confused, I'm sobering, fuck a pill now
Oh I got it, pass the brew, give me a pill now!
And what's real, while in Austin, I lost it for a lady friend named Adrian
Co. lends, no friends, but Dolo sold though
Is my solo for more dough? Or to unleash demons?
Seeming to me & myself, my wealth, my health, I'm breathing...
To even the score of these exec's with publishing checks
Of musical vet's that's in unusual debts
Confusing the rest when, nigga, shit, we're losing the best!
Pac & Big
If I could live the right life, I'd invite Christ
I know you all could, it's not all good!
My dreams are choked, the king is woke
I fiend for reality like fiends for dope...
*ahem* Let me clean my throat
I fiend for reality like fiends for dope

[Hook]
Sometimes I feel that no one is real
And some on my team are single-handedly killing my dreams
Sometimes I feel that no one is real
Some on my team are single-handedly killing my dreams