[Intro: Eminem & Kon Artis]
*Gun being cocked*
I'm gonna get my gun!

This motherfucker wants to disrespect me?
Em, Em, what the fuck you doing, man
I got something for his ass
Calm down!
No, YOU calm down!
Man, what's your problem
Fuck that, the motherfucker wants to pop shit to me!?
Man, he wasn't popping shit
You heard him, he was popping that shit!
What shit?
That shit, you heard him!
He asked for your autograph!

[Verse 1: Swifty McVay]
A mass murderer, pack burners to blast further then you can get
My shit be shooting through bricks
I mix anything together, I done guillotine a nigga
Keep a heater that pop clips with seventeen or better
I'll be severing heads, I'm in everyone's nightmare
A nigga that can never ever be scared of the feds
Send the niggas that'll fuck with you
Stab and brass knuckle you
Then have you in the public, there's nothing that you can do
Enough with you're motherfucking tough talk, you're soft
Get you're balls blew off, from a sawed-off, I'm raw dog
Crazier then all y'all, got you like the navy when I'm angry
You'll never catch me hanging in a Narc's car
All I have is thought of, breathing evil
Desert Eagles will eat through people
When I see you I'mma heat your beef slow
Fuck being peaceful, the piece in the vehicle and
(I'm gonna get my gun!)

[Hook: Eminem]
This motherfucker's popping that shit
Nah, fuck that, I'll be right back
(I'm gonna get my gun!)
Nah, motherfucker, fuck you
You ain't disrespecting me like that
(I'm gonna get my gun!)
Walk to the room, sixteen shot clip
Bitch, how you like that
(I'm gonna get my gun!)
Bet you ain't know that I'm strapped
Nice one, bitch, this is my gat
(I'm gonna get my gun!)

[Verse 2: Kuniva]
I bring it to niggas looking as if they want trouble
I send they body flipping around like a stunt double
Forget about the fighting, scrapping, squabing, bucking
I'll squeeze the piece you jumping, dodging, ducking
Squatting under trucks and screaming "that nigga's bluffing"
I cuff my nuts while cussing "don't trust him"
I round up Runyan, Dave, Wood and Nico
My nigga Big I and Mal' letting the heat blow
Heat seek hoes got A&E closed
Cause you keep shooting at me and missing like Shaq's free-throws
You gotta get a little closer if you wanna try
Pistol whip a soldier, with a missile on his shoulders
We can fold or blow your brick house into some tiny boulders
A grimy, older cat will leave you with a tiny odour
I'm doggish, you feeling froggish, then leap bitch
My car is right across the street bitch and (I'm gonna get my gun!)

[Verse 3: Proof]
My whole outfit count clips, get your house lit the fuck up
Your spouse shit, and your mouse clip
Better bounce, bitch, countless, slugs I'mma send
Watch you holler when the hollow tips go through your skin
I'm in love with the sin, tell Bugz I'mma see him
When I cock back, right, I’ll put your blood on your friends
Make a rug outta him, bust a slug on his chin
Ain't going no were like the drugs outta Kim
I'm a psycho icon, a mightful might bomb
Get a eye full of lid when I slight your lights out
With a street cleaner, wipe your life out
Bullets gnaw at your ears, like a Tyson fight bout
Fuck the night clout, guns, clips...
(I'm gonna get my...)
Fuck that, run bitch!
Hit the streets talks, chumps don't know me
Ain't no prob to leave your whole bod' holey

[Hook fades out in the background]

[Eminem]
Dumbass motherfuckers always gotta come to me with some dumb shit
Fucking
I done told this motherfucker
Wassup, bitch?!
Autograph this!
Oh shit...

[Verse 4: Eminem]
I'm trying to pull the trigger but it's stuck, fuck
My shit is all jammed up, ugh
Come on, you cock-sucking, good-for-nothing
Motherfucking piece of shit shoot, ah
Yeah! What up, bitch!? Say that shit again
Shot, the bullet missed, hit a brick, bounced of it
Ricocheted back in his shin
Went through his bitch on it's way back, hit his friend
Payback homie, don't play that shit is spin
To be on I told you to leave this shit alone
Or... (I'm gonna get my gun!)
And it's a shame, I'm too drunk to even aim
Denaun stepped in the way and I shot him in his leg
It's like

[Verse 5: Kon Artis]
Bang, bang, bang, nigga, pow, pow, pow
Everybody busting rounds like they Ra', Ra', Ra'
But when you see me in the street I be like, what's up, now
Their bodyguard be stepping in trying to calm shit down
Fuck that! I got a bone to pick
You said it then we should address like some grown man shouldn't we
Then me and you could talk about our problems couldn't we
Just shoot a fair one and handle this situation seriously
I guess not, you want to resort to the heater
So I gotta grab my Mac and my Uzi and my Nina
Step in between us and get shot
But get separated with the squeaza
You ain't ready for war, Runyan ain't nothing to play with

[Hook: Eminem]
This motherfucker's popping that shit
Nah, fuck that, I'll be right back
(I'm gonna get my gun!)
Nah, motherfucker, fuck you
You ain't disrespecting me like that
(I'm gonna get my gun!)
Walk to the room, sixteen shot clip
Bitch, how you like that
(I'm gonna get my gun!)
Bet you ain't know that I'm strapped
Nice one, bitch, this is my gat
(I'm gonna get my gun!)

[Verse 6: Bizarre]
Walk to Rite-Aid for a can of spaghetti
It's been one hour, bitch, my photos ain't ready
Pictures of my dog and my family reunion
It's been two hours and my fucking days ruined
Hey, Kate, do you wanna get raped
Have my pictures on fucking Philips 38
That's why I don't be fucking battle rapping
Cause every time I lose, this what the fuck happens *Gunshots*
Back to the pictures I was trying to get developed
This man tried to get in front of me, I wouldn't let him
I'm ready to blow this bitch's brains out
I'm nervous, I farted, some shit came out
Times up, shot her with a gun
Got on my cellphone and called Reverend Run
And all this crazy shit, I regret it
All because I wanted to see Elton John naked