[Intro]
This my last letter right here
Fuck this world
Let's get the fuck outta here

[Verse 1]
I put my soul through the ink
Bless a pad with thoughts, add my faults, before I grow extinct
My back-bone disowned by zone
Why roam? Called home, but now on I'm all alone
Just Proof, no shine, no friends, just fans
No wonder my hands tight where the Internet ends
I take back most of the flack
The stress smokes press me close to the crack
Like my pops, the ghost of my past
Thyme and Mudd, Jay Dee and Stuckey
Lately I'm lucky, I don't hate me to touch me
Maybe I'm ugly inside but smilin' to make it
I love y'all, dawg, and that's however you take it
The fame is an illusion, I'm still losin'
In this game, with the rules and I feel clueless
The streets with the hills blueless
Cops knockin' at the door, got me lookin' real foolish
But I still do this, like I love it
Even though I thug it, keep flossin' lights in public
The subject y'all don't know
Stars won't grow, wounded dreams with scars to show
Minus the MTV videos with Slim
"Up in Smoke," D-12, and many shows with Em
It's still me, dawg, no change for change
It's strange, when it pours it rains; I take it back

[Hook]
I wish I could take it back
I wish I could take it back, but it's too late
I wish I could take it back
I wish I could take it back, but it's too late

[Verse 2]
Always talkin' to Snook, hopin' he speak back
Wishin' my first son was here to reach at
Feelin' detached; my brother Earl, and Wayne
That bail money for jail, y'all can keep that
I've been deep before, ask Stillman
My heart's meltin', tell the truth I need help, man
My heart's big, but my sins bigger
Fuck the world, I don't feel like I can win, niggas
It's like I'm lost and I find only demons
I wanna quit, it's like I'm tired of breathin'
So my stress confess to a famous song
Em, I love you — don't let this money change us, dawg
First born, when I'm gone, grab Nasaan
Leave Naeem with the cream and his mom
And dear Momma, I used to hate you
Now I relate to everything you did to make Proof
I love you! Take it back…

[Hook]
I wish I could take it back
I wish I could take it back, but it's too late
I wish I could take it back
I wish I could take it back, but it's too late

[Verse 3]
All y'all see is Free from 106 and Park
Y'all don't know I risk my heart with this apart
From the streets, the groups, the friends, the foes
The jewels, the dick lickers and the hoes
What about me? Sheltered with no guidance
Look at the finest, royal highness on some hot shit
Still livin' with the liquor and bud
Sometimes I wish for my demise, so I can kick it with Bugz
I wish it was real between us all
In the past, you should've seen us, dawg
I'd die for Em and save Hailie
Brave maybe, but just let them tears roll off my grave, Shady
Kuniva and Swift, how live does it get?
I meant to teach y'all niggas to survive in this bitch
If we die to be rich, that makes me happy
And on another note, shit, don't hate me, Pappy
It's just that we look the same; you let the game take you
Your son came along and took the game
Since I took my own life, y'all feel a killer for sho'
Bizarre, on the real, you the realest nigga I know
Strappin' and bustin' ain't real, just tell your mans the truth
And that's why you've always been friends with Proof
Answer to all, I've always lied with truth
And before I pull the trigger, Denaun, I'm proud of you

[Outro]
Listen… LISTEN…
Love… killed me
Love… Love… killed… me
Love… killed… me