[Eminem]
Yo yo, back again
Ha-ha-ha (Agh!)
Turn it up a little bit, pick it up pick it up
Yo pick it up, pick it up
Yo pick it up
If you find a phone call in a Tim Westwood line, what the hell you gonna do?
Pick it up! Pick it up!

[Proof]
If your ball falls out with a pad on the floor, what the hell you gonna do? (Pick it up! Pick it up!)

[Eminem]
While I'm smacking up girls to keep the hoes in check
The double S-Slim Shady wreck the London set
Sit back and relax while my squad smokes crack
And tap your man back and be like (Did you see that?)
Ah yes, coming from the mother freaking Midwest
Lift your shirt up and let me see them big breasts
We molest girls three times a day, three times a night
I got G-fulls of criminal peoples
Jumping out when we ten deep
Beat you down and speed off in a Benz Jeep
Brothers be like: Eminem changed his style up!
Shut the hell up, I'm still seven miles slut!
It's '97 so get with it
Peep that back in the day stuff when that Infinite tape was hitting
Listen, must we forget
I originated all that rough shit, that talk drug shit
That left motherfuckers who said our sound like [?]
Detroit city is where I grew up bitch
Peace to all my Outsidaz in Jers
Forget what you heard, this is three and one third

[Proof]
If you got an STD and your penis falls on the floor (What the hell you gonna do?)
Pick it up! Pick it up! (Ahhh yeah yeah yeahhh pick it up, pick it up)
If you see a Slim Shady tape on the fucking rack
What does Dre do? (ooohhhh)
(On the uckin rack, on the uck without the f)

[Eminem]
I get deaf MCees stepped to the left
I bust MCees and my name is Wyclef
How you doing? I play the banjo, piano whatever it is I rock like Barry Manilow
Yo it's Slim Shady on the freaking deck
Y'all don't check it out I wreck the Frim Shady set
The Frim Shady is what I said because I'm freaking drunk
I pick it up, pick it up, I sound like a punk

[Proof]
Ayo they wish that they could ban me black
Yo, you standing back
Def methods, ayo got my hand in that
Who ever running it, ayo you get a jammed knee cap
Make the healthiest in your fam, handicap
You a fan of rap, my clan will tap your school, home, ya bitch house
Pull my nine millie, you gonna die with your fist out
Enemas is over with
Venomous is cobra spit
Aggressive dialect with aggressive sober pitch
My bionic phonics, demolish your logic, demonic can't stand the chronic impossible to hold on like vomit
Mics I palm it, cause they the bomb-it
Like terrorist is Islamic, I enter your atmosphere like a comet
The new god of rap, call me bigger Thor
Snap your back when I slap your ass in a figure four
From miles around they can feel us lethal
I make hardcore groups like Wu Tang sound like the village people (haha)
Be no sequel, of the energize, finish style, bust 'em down right now, the winner is... me
Then my man Mr. Paul we gonna star
Make your heart beat for your trying get down with us
We ball to the end, it's time to pretend
My friend to the left of me, the death of me
Me recipe to be with this don't even test MCees
Y'all can't get with us it's the dress, dress on ya