[Eminem]
O. Trice, c'mon!

[Obie Trice]
Yeah, niggas got me
I'mma get them, it ain't over

[Hook: Obie Trice]
You can catch me in the whip with a fifth of pimp juice (yeah!)
Then I'm popping the clip, bout to fix this issue (woo!)
You pray that I don't hit, I ain't equipped to miss you (no!)
You're gonna need an ambulance to stitch your tissue (nigga!)
Or either have a bag on your hip to shit through (ha!)
You seen us on the ave, anxious to get you
But my penis is a mag, when I lift it hits you (DA-DA-DA-DA-DA!)
Cause I don't go nowhere without my pistol pistol

[Verse: Obie Trice]
I, solemnly swear on my, daughter's tears
The nigga that got him in the head will feel it before the year ends
(That's right) Hope you inconspicuous, my friend
Cause once the word get back, you in a world of sin (sin)
Bullets will hurdle at him, for trying to murder what's
Been determined as the first solo African (me!)
To go platinum with an accident happening
Well maggots I'm alive with vengeance to get back (get back!)
My momma blood pressure was affected from that
My little girl need her daddy on the phone at a certain time
Exact now, and niggas act wild (foul)
But when the mac come out, y'all niggas exile (blaow!)
And I don't wanna hear X-Y-Z
I'm X'ing out your whole entity for trying to kill me (me nigga)
Filthy motherfuckers, I'll show you what real be (real be nigga)
When these HTB's light up your kidneys (woo!)
I'm so sincere, you see in a hearse this year
It's not a verse it's a curse from birth and what's on your person over here
This is Obie hear him clear, niggas beware
We're coming at you with firearms in air (yeah nigga!)
And your purpose so superfluous
How could I be merciful when murking me's a mercenary's goal? (uh)
Nigga I got paper, I'll have ya ass urgently exposed (what!)
No emergency's bringing back your souls
Slugs shatter your bones for pat-patting me in the dome
Learn this patter-in, we catch him at home, he wrong
That's when automatics sporadically catch him in the abdomen
Another dirty motherfucker's gone (YEAH!)

[Hook: Obie Trice]
You can catch me in the whip with a fifth of pimp juice (yeah!)
Then I'm popping the clip, bout to fix this issue (woo!)
You pray that I don't hit, I ain't equipped to miss you (no!)
You're gonna need an ambulance to stitch your tissue (nigga!)
Or either have a bag on your hip to shit through (ha!)
You seen us on the ave, anxious to get you
But my penis is a mag, when I lift it hits you (DA-DA-DA-DA-DA!)
Cause I don't go nowhere without my pistol pistol

[Outro: Obie Trice]
"Second Round's on Me" (robbin, shootin, killin, murder)
Oh shit RUNNN! (robbin, shootin, killin, murder)