[Hook: Kuniva]
Now when you repping in these streets say it..
And If you handling your beef say it..
You got your hood on lock say...
If its crime on your block say...

[Verse 1: Proof]
I put men on canvas
Have they ass off the street Cancerous
We call that the "Hammer Dancers"
Thats the 3-5-7 now the Feds want us
Cause we lead dump and head-hunters
Borough of every hood, In this crime life...
My name painted on the block or this limelight
A G ain't nuthing but a letter, you can hang man
And these gang-wars, thoughout the gang-lands
Got no problem for hurting the Church
My model was murking 'em first
When they said they servin they're turf
With no sea-food, make 'em see-through
I'm into slappin' niggas, next nigga...

[VERSE 2: Swifty]
....Me Too
My eliminations way too hasty, they don't chase me
I send more red dot's than pastries
When the medal is sworn, label me the desolate one
It ain't no settling beef, I'm destined to come...
To any hood, it ain't no justice, you wishing it was...
This crime life got me stealing your goods
I'm a mental patient, on my way to the central station
Ain't no wasting time... and I sure I facing time
Breaker-1-9, the cops be swarming
On they walkie talkies, trying to block me with a warning
I'mma dissapear like Spawn, and be gone
To the other side of the country, by the morning...

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Kon Artis]
Cold nights in the pen turn your heart cold
Cold pinches we sleep on keep a black strong
My brother told me "lil' homie dont get this wrong...
If I get locked make sure you keep the dough flowing
The spots oweing, no slowing, get your grind on"
I said for sure, and now you know I got the hood slowed
"My lil' bro keep up the front like he the one that owe"
By the time they figure out I'll be dead and gone

[Verse 4: Kuniva]
Now be careful when you see them homies hop out that ride
You can catch a body shot and knock your ribs out your side
And the cops are hesitant to come through these parts here
We head-hunters, so it's evident that we spark fear
Taking notes, but always give it to a person in need
Of a serious chin-checking that occurin the deed
To get our point across, clearly ain't no miss-understanding
Now there's nothing you can do to keep these missles from landing
When the hooligans come out you should be running for cover
By the time you recoved from the hit, then here comes anotha
And you know our presence is felt, like Christmas eve
Make an example out of you, for her and his to see...

[Verse 5: Bizarre]
Jumped in your car window, you and your boys get out
AK... Tech Nine... Shots rang out...
It's christmas time, my kid needs some toys
Thats why I'm in the Mini-van, with two of my boys
The King, Nigga I'm a don....
Detroit...Where niggas snatch cartneys and alcazon...
I'm drunk as fuck, go on lock me out
...and when I wake up, I'll be at your house choking you out
I'm so fucking, out of my mind
I'm moving the east swines with 2 and a half lines
Street wars, my niggas ready to fight
Guns, pipes, we ready tonight!

[Hook]