[Intro: Proof]
DJ Salam Wreck!
Ha!
We on the Pyrex
And this is an exclusive for Exclusive
Ha-ha! Big Proof - Purple Gang - D12 - Swifty McVay
And this is -- aight, fist, c'mon Pete!

[Chorus:  Proof]
Go in, see, I gotta do it again
Don't you know boy what I do it up in?
Brought my 4-5 and the slew and his friend
Death before dishonor, I'm true to the end
Go in, see, I gotta do it again
Don't you know boy what I do it up in?
Brought my 4-5 and the slew and his friend
Death before dishonor, I'm true to the end

[Verse 1:  Proof]
My back's against the wall and my nerves are bad, now
Cover your kids' ears because my words are bad, ma
Mash out, I'm coming for lives when I black out
Last nigga prob'ly remember is being in this crackhouse
I ain't dissing Benzino or threatening Dave Mays
No defending racism or neglecting slave days
But Ray-Ray knows it's all dollars and cents
Corporate ballers are pimps
These nigga chimps swallowing dick
Just to get print into script brick by brick
They kicked it with the fag, he's wack, and they die rich
I assisted Shady, I assisted Dave before
Judgment, you lunch us with wine, listen, pay me
I'm missing Jay-Z already, vision hazy
Pay me for truth, nigga, shit, and this is daily
So I'm kissing Hailie and I'm wishing maybe
She ain't gotta grow up and fear Mr. Crazy

[Hook: Sample]
What people do, do for money
What people do
What people do

[Proof, over sample]
Man fuck these niggas
It's like this
Heyo Em don't even diss these niggas back
D12 will hold up, you hear me?
50 you don't even clobber these niggas
They crying and they sells
Enough of the Hailie sales
First Em, we should be talking about his mama
And I ain't white, hate niggas and shit, right?
But I hear you though nigga
[?] any building you get, nigga
Always gotta test the street
Talking all that street shit nigga
Be real with yourself nigga

[Verse 2: Proof]
But one day, that reality drills in
Lookin'  at your mag now, damn dawg, it's real thin
Who would you advertise
Because you battled the wisest guys
Who chastise us with fabricated lies and
Slipped on dreads but still kept my head when
You threatening lives, it ain't wise to threaten dead men
Walking without aids is hard
Look at Mays's arse
He in Dave Mays's cars and we're raising bars
We're waging noise, so much pain is born
I was Unsigned Hype, I use to praise The Source, damn!
Until they dub nigga while father was getting signed
Next time he sees my shoe, to spit and shine
I wasn't even ready for what dub he was on
You come in game, nigga, shit you gotta be strong
Rap is being had, I'm about to pack up my bags
Every minutes of the days before my plaque's in my lap

[Verse 3: Swifty McVay]
He tried for four years but he's rejected
A demon whose magazine's anorexic
Fiendin' for attention
He don't know the meaning of hip-hop
We just need to lynch him
Listen, what Benzino don't realize
This culture is given to anyone who want to ride
{​​​​​​Proof: True!}​​​​​​
Now he the type of nigga who can't take defeat
Now he crying, "BECAUSE OF SHADY RECORDS I CAN'T EAT!"
Damn, knowing it may seem cause he can't rap
"I'M A MAKE MONEY FROM A MAGAZINE!"
Now he gonna think, "HOW CAN I TAKE OVER?!"
He messed around and fucked with a motherfucking soldier!
Ha ha!
That racist shit is over
You know the deal bitch, your career is over
Ha! Ha! Ha!
DJ Exclusive!
{​​​​​Proof: It's over nigga!  D12!}​​​​​

[Hook: Sample]

[Proof, over the Sample]
Haha! It's like that nigga!
We ain't gotta put out no hit for you, boy
We do it like this
Niggas down with us:
Rock Bottom, Sidney Syringe
PET, Purple Gang
DJ Exclusive, V-Dog, Fall Collection, Fat Killahz
Real Detroit motherfuckers, we all roll together
You know what I'm saying?
Black Face, I'm gonna tell you motherfuckers like this man
I ain't even fucking with no magazines
I'm going on the internet