[Hook: Proof]
Now, what you want, is what you need
And what you need, is what you want
So, what you want, is what you need
And what you need, is what you want

[Verse 1: Mudd]
Alakazam, here I am with the hocus pocus
???, now you're out of focus
I'm a ????
A man over there he tried to ?choke? us
With a whip from the top of the lip
He popped his lid
As a Pringle, (so) so you see me in your lingo
Or latinum, smoked like satin
Another voluptuated Satan
Too bad your flavor's weak like ?
But that's where I got my hat or turban
ALARM! I'm serving, swerving as a drunk driver
I smoke ?, and what you want is what you need
So where's my cocktail lighter?
Go down to ?Martin ? turned out fighting my own kind
?? to my show or not ???, but hey!
This shit is mind blowing
I'm only cold when it's snowing (snowing)
And I can stop the wind from blowing (blowing)
But I ?drop? it onto the topic
And I ?pick? the ?fate? of fury (wah!)

[Hook: Proof]
What you want, is what you need
And what you need, is what you want
Now, what you want, is what you need
And what you need, is what you want
If what you want, is what you need
And what you need, is what you want
And what you want, is what you need
Indeed I see to see what you want

[Verse 2: Thyme]
Theoretically, I'm the one that likes to rock the melody
Smash, ? your whole track and then dash, out your mental state
I infiltrate your psychological traits, ??? out imagination
Frustration cracks the skulls of 10,000 maniacs
??? ?stone? wax to perpetuate the stereotype of my hype
Is getting critical, individuals are losing sight
Of the ?rockabye? theories, 7 days, drop knowledge
Flip atoms like instead of my ?????
?? explosions ?? radius of 36??? 36???
Of ? so who say the ? play can say
Cause I don't be ?? with the 999
So my, my, my
Give me mine
And tell them all the stories that they out for major ?
So, quick with the step or a ?clique?, we don't agree
What you want, is what you need

[Hook: Proof]
And what you need, is what you want
And what you want, is what you need
And what you need, is what you want
Cause what you want is what you need indeed
So what you want, is what you need
And what you need, is what you want
And what you want, is what you need
Cause what you want is what you need indeed

[Verse 3: Proof]
Hey, ? comes the rapper ?? batter swing the ? with my ?? put ????
Am I chatter ??? vibe that I'm feeling
A natural but like Jeffrey Osborne ???
And all these ?? pass the ? behind my back
?????????????????????????
What makes me the man?
PROOF! That's the man
Emcees need to jot Y, Z for the master plan
Who sit back and watch the ? wreck beats
Cause Mr. Proof has found ?a greater? technique
Eeeh! Yah! Ahachacha! the blah! the blippity blah!
Now I'm, discombobulated critters hear ?????? like
They figure like he did it, he did it!
Ooohhh! ?You're the? despicable!
What the ?digga-boo?
Who ?? slang ?kicka-boo?
Nubian friend, ?, save ? time
You got a boy from the store so he came in time
The ridiculous ?? try to ? of this
I be flossing, I'm ?
?? say licorice
Haha! I'm ticklish, ? the blister
??? so I'm fly like the nuts
So umm....

[Hook: Proof]
What you want is, what you need
And what you need, is what you want
And what you want, is what you need
Cause what you need is what you want indeed
So what you want, is what you need
So what you need, is what you want
And what you want, is what you need
So what you want indeed, indeed ?to see?

(Goodbye)...

(It ain't over!)