Oh MY God who's this? An L beat?

[Intro]
Yeah, yeah margielas on the gas
They say we gotta another smash

[Verse 1]
G-g-g-g-g-got that fifty clip its filled up to the top, I'll let it rock
In Milwaukee they say it's a drought, so I set up shop
Fuck her then I kick her out the loft
I can't trust a thot, 'cus all these bitches fucking with them niggas from another block
Feds tryna wake the spot, damn them youngins got it hard
So they all talk to MP. but you know I love them Glocks
Young niggas totin like  lil shawty off of belly, n my old heads moving fish scale, got it smelly

Oh MY God who's this? An L beat?

[Verse 2]
Look, thirty clip under the [??]
One in the air so we ready yeah
Nigga just got out the Benz, well over 33 shots in his belly look
Swear that lil nigga  didn't know I'm 22 but I'm heavy yeah
My foreigns, they got a stash-box
My choppers, they come with machetes
My shooters, they ready to score, ready for war and we got choppers galore
My brother just had a lil boy, he like to play with that money, that nigga too small
I got bitch, she thirty years old, I keep me a vet, yeah
And she know a nigga got 53 hoes , I keep 'em in check, yeah
My homie just come from the pen [??]
And you know I told him I would, n then I put that on the set, yeah
My chain VVS, I flooded my chest, yeah
You play with the game, we pull up with sticks and put you to rest , yeah
I'ont give a fuck who got it, I put 20 in your... savage, and make do who got the ratchet
Fuck them shells, just let 'em have it, shooters come with automatics
Call them Steph,  they automatic
When your [??], you got a package, shit was tragic, close a casket

Oh MY God who's this? An L beat?

[Verse 3]
Shawty old enough to be my mama, she call me daddy
Chopper hit a pussy nigga, now he shook and threw a baggy
This one for my young-ins, yeah
They're the ones causing the havoc, yeah
They're the ones causing the havoc, yeah
They're the ones causing the havoc, yeah yeah
All of young niggas savage
This one for my young-ins, yeah
They're the ones causing the havoc, yeah yeah
All of my young-ins be causing a havoc, yeah yeah
All of my young niggas savage, yeah

[Outro]
Every niggas causing a havoc (Eheheh)
I'm good , eh (Heh)