Bruiser ..Fuck these niggas bruh

[ Verse 1 DopeHead ]
Catch a nigga slippin' with a motherfuckin' slip
And leave that motherfucker slippin' with the motherfuckin' choppa
Catch a nigga drunk at his baby shower
With his baby momma, hitt'em  both with the yappa!
Fuck these rappers , they don't want no problems
Fuck these niggas, they don't want no drama
These niggas salty, these niggas mad cuz I'm fucking their bitches
And they can't stop it [Bruiser]
That chopper sound like thunder, I been grinding all summer
This is for my hustlers, that said motherfuck a jumper[For what?!]
Riding with my niggas, getting jooky til my casket close [Get jooky]
No look dunkin' in that pussy, smash it n' then I pass them hoes
Use call me senile, they mad that I can see now
Fuckin bitches; in the meanwhile, she give me head, I bust a freestyle
Haters try to bring me down but that chopper just won't get it
In your face did ride for two, when I catch him I'mma stretch him
All my niggas Bruiser, all my bitches bout it
All my niggas Gremlins killas, all my niggas wildin'
All yo bitches regular, all my bitches exotic
That jooky is forever and you can't do shit about it!
[Doppeeheaad]

[Verse 2 Danny Brown]

Peanut butter jelly wit a baseball bat
Got the mustard n the mayo on a ol'school lac
So lil nigga, don't play me like that
Hit ya mother from the back, pushin' rubbers on her back
Never ever liked niggas shootin' on her hair
[?] 'fore the tape
Pour another 8, drop a deuce in the 20 Ounce
Fell asleep gettin' head in ya baby mama house
Nigga we not talkin' bout?
Scope on the rifle, tryin' to [?] a snipe
Sittin' in the sun , smokin' on ganja
[?]
Bitch, I'm Danny Brown
Blowin' dope lookin' like a green Chewbacca
Hit you with the blocka! blocka! blocka!
Dunk bullets in your chest like Iguodala
Roll that zoot , pour that ach
Since i got money , I don't know how to act
Offer yo Auntie a hunna for the head
Bust a nut on her leave the money on the bed
Brother got killed for a 187
If you ain't gonna get it,mothafuckah, I'mma take it
Bout to turn a mothafucka into a raisin
Bring home the bacon, let a nigga meet Satan
Saw her faint, mind on rotation