[Chorus]
Bruiser! That's my crew
Bruiser! But don't forget the brew
MGD's and Colt 45's
But don't forget that Molson Ice

[Verse 1]
I'm about to drink a Heineken (Heineken?)
I'm about to drink a Heineken (Heineken?)
Met a white bitch with a China friend (China friend?)
She gone slurp me and she gone slurp my friends
BRUISER! That's my crew
BRUISER! But don't forget the brew
Coronas and Bud Ice
Don't forget the Miller High Life
We about to drink some PBR
No bottles at the club, nigga, we at the bar
UK niggas up in the pubs, they watching them soccer games
We drunk as fuck, nigga, we bumping Waka Flame
(BOW-BOW-BOW-BOW!)
Yo, bitch! She wanna fuck me
Yo, bitch! She wanna suck me
What the fuck you think she 'posed to do?
But if she fuck me, she gotta fuck the crew

[Chorus]
Bruiser! That's my crew
Bruiser! But don't forget the brew
MGD's and Colt 45's
But don't forget that Molson Ice

[Interlude: Dopehead]
Bruiser Brigade, bitch!
If you ain't pulling a nigga dick out and slapping yourself with it
Throwing this bitch in your mouth sucking dick with bubbles
Fucking all night and drinking protein shakes in the morning
Get the fuck outta here!

[Verse 2]
I don't give a fuck 'bout none of these ho ass niggas
I don't give a fuck 'bout none of these ho ass niggas
I'm drunk as fuck, might fire on one of these niggas
We drunk as fuck, we might just jump these niggas
BRUISER! That's my crew
BRUISER! But don't forget the brew
We drink everything up on the shelf
Now we hurling in the bathroom, I need some help
But that's the life of a Bruiser nigga
Don't make me have to shoot a nigga
Bitch, it's Bruiser Brigade
Bitch, it's Bruiser Brigade

[Verse 3: Dopehead]
I need some brain, I think I lost mine
I'm higher than Swizz Beatz' hairline
You always cake up then bake up, say what?
You rappers cuff and you fake as lace fronts
Dopehead hustle harder, niggas can't knock it
Super skinnies, loosies breaking in my back pocket
I slam a rapper head first like the Undertaker
Head-butt your whole skull in, nigga fuck a hater
You soft as Elvin off the Cosby's
My niggas down to do a homi'
Bruiser Brigade and don't forget the brew
Styling on rappers since Northwestern High School
Calling me ahead of my time is an insult
I don't need a pencil, this shit is all mental
You rappers are wack, mad as hell and you bored as fuck
I hit the stage grab the mic and do my Jordan shrug