[Verse 1: Kool A.D.]
L. Ron Hubbard with no bling
Vitamin Water and codeine, you think you know things
But you know no things I’m just waiting for the bell to go ‘ding’
Maybe we can sell the whole thing
Keep your hand in your pocket, they can smell the gold ring
If somebody felled an old tree
Jokingly and only three people got the joke
“Is the tree pine, maple, or oak, or other?”
I’m the other brother from another mother
The other light meat
You like me? I might be your father
Sister, Sister Rodger Dodger
Trickster, Big Bird, hipster, blipster
Too many faggots listening for me to say “Ni—"
Ahem, if you don’t get it, it’s fine, let it rewind
Or, never play it again
Say it again
Sam Raimi
Power, responsibility

[Hook: Kool A.D.]
It’s too easy
Even if I told you about it
You probably wouldn’t even believe me
[X2]

[Verse 2: Danny Brown]
Danny the Hybrid hard like jerkin' off with arthritis
Another episode, you niggas still writing pilots
I’m the big dog, you's a fire hydrant
The big mack, spend a thousand on the islands
I’m toking violent, you’re smoking Miley Cyrus
I tell my hoes what they want to hear like I’m a psychic
Don’t like young hoes, those bitches can’t cook
I eat an old ho like the big bad wolf
I cop a pound and everyday blow a zone
That means I got them grams like an old folks’ home
Bitches licking on the dick like its Mister Softee
Blowing all on it like it’s hot coffee
And she deepthroat and she lick my nuts
That’s a combination nut lick and dick suck
Das Racist, like the black quarterback
Let me get a load of that for my cataracts

[Hook: Kool A.D.]

[Verse 3: Heems]
Otherworld Newspeak, y’all know how I spit
Half-internet, half-high school cafeteria shit
I’m hype how the Internet get
Yo, 2x4’s look like splinters and shit
White demons with green pockets
Line up at our shows to peep game, how we rock it?
No qualms with cockblocking white dudes from Boston
I don’t know why people think we give a fuck so often
We Waco, we Maaco, but you are just a touch-up
Homie, take your heart out your chest, no buck-up
Talk it how I walk it, Himanshu got ‘nuff guff
Other words: you could get roughed up, tough stuff
Your band about as lame as Staind or Train
"Soul Sister" hold blisters on my brain
Probably think this song is about you, you vain
But me, I’m burning one to Carl Thomas's "Summer Rain"
Chilling, relaxing, having a good time

[Verse 4: Despot]
The name don’t ring bells: it break doors down
The neighbors hear yells from eight floors down
They say "This here’s Hell, it’s all yours now"
All around nice guys get snuffed for sport, clown
Life check: 1, 2, what is this?
"Your money or your life?" And I’m like, "What’s the difference?"
And if the price is right, I could buy all you dipshits
Put him near a mike and the rest not your business
Chumps, save yourself the lumps
Why shoot the five a hundred times when you could shoot the nine once?
And come and find a little guy can pack a supersize punch
Bars sixteen and pregnant, verse come every nine months
Until next time, thanks for tuning in
The hooligans whose tunes is too loony for the loony bin
This is how we do and doin’ this is how we do'd again
Going HAM, going in, going hard, going limp