[Intro]
Yes

[Verse 1 - Danny Brown]
Do Ren-A-Sance run this? (Yes)
Rese’vor Dog, F.B.C. bitch (Yes)
Wrist so blue, it’ll make you seasick (Yes)
My nigga still starvin’, it’s the remix
Danny Brown in your town like (Yes)
Pocket thicker bitches love me now like (Yes)
Run up on you with the four pound like (Yes)
That’s that clown on the ground man
Do we got these niggas [?] (Yes)
Talking hustlin’ when they really employed (Yes)
Then we come up in this bitch to make noise (Yes)
And smoke fat cigars like it's ya boy, yeah
We’ll leave ya destroyed
With our hands all on ya like a Ouija board
These niggas in the D so see before
Danny Brown ain't nothin’ y’all seen before

[Hook - Danny Brown]
If you niggas sell crack, say (Yes)
Broad daylight, bust your gat, say (Yes)
Push dime bags in the hallway (Yes)
Well it’s okay, motherfucker, just do what you do
If you’re fuckin’ these hoes, say (Yes)
Pocket full of money, slanging O’s, say (Yes)
Got the AK in the doorway (Yes)
Well it’s okay, motherfucker, cause we doin’ it too

[Verse 2 - Dopehead]
You must like lookin’ at my kicks huh? (Yes)
You like how the sun hit my wrist huh? (Yes)
You wanna come kick it with the clique huh? (Yes)
Well bitch we broke, ain’t got 3 dollars to save our life
Wanna mean mug your face huh? (Yes)
If you jump, I’ma flinch in this place huh (Yes)
You must think I’m a bitch in this place huh? (Yes)
Well all that means, y’all niggas get to hit my fist with your face
[?] love them hoes (Yes)
Take em to the cut and drop them drawers (Yes)
Bust twice then I drop them hoes (Yes)
Bitch I’m a pimp, I hit em off and never call em again
Is this real gangsta music? (Yes)
Was Mike Loop gonna do this? (Yes)
A shot to your head'll leave you roofless (Yes)
Well nigga tie ya vest up to ya head, cause I’m ready for war

[Hook]

[Verse 3 - Chip$]
So what, you’re gettin’ money right? (Yes)
Why? Cause your car on 20’s right? (Yes)
Plus you 'bout to cop the new Bentley right? (Yes)
Nigga you trippin’, I catch you slippin’ comin’ out of the bar
Plus your girl top notch right? (Yes)
Plus you think a nigga can’t pop right? (Yes)
Plus you think you got it on lock right? (Yes)
Nigga you stupid, your girl tried to give me ass at the club
Plus you got a lot of guns right? (Yes)
And you quick to bust em just for fun right? (Yes)
But when I pull up, you try to run right? (Yes)
Look at you now, you gotta pick your brains off of the ground
You hustle that cane [?] rat? (Yes)
Plus you actin’ you can’t sell right? (Yes)
Time to retire, you can’t tell right? (Yes)
Well stick to the script and leave this rap shit alone motherfucker

[Hook]

[Outro]
Yes