[Intro: Danny, DJ On Point]

Danny: These niggas' shit Ru, preschool bars you know?

On Point: This shit right here, is called "You Might Get Shot" featuring Danny  Brown
Shout out, to whole Detroit!

[Verse: Danny]
And they bass ain't shit, niggas in my face, like I owe 'em somethin'
Niggas on my dick, thinkin' that I'm rich, like "Let me hold somethin'!"
I tell them "Chill", I ain't icy, dawg, I ain't stuntin'
Get out my face, let me roll my weed, so I can smoke somethin'
I ain't frontin' for no TV's, or no magazines
Grippin' on the wood Cadillac, extra clean
Niggas want to trip? Load another magazine
Gotta keep a few clips, just in case you niggas, want to take it to the extreme
But that's okay, y'all don't want no beef, anyway
Plus y'all broke on the block nigga, anyway
What you talkin', you gon' do? (Pssf!) Anyway
Lob shit about rhyme, nigga I'll lay you down, anyday
So your best bet's, just to ride off
Took so much coke, that a dab will make you nod off
Act hard, that's drawn, niggas turn soft
Same my name, your last turn, like Earnhardt

[Hook 2x: Ru Spits]
And don't want beef, and you don't wanna grind
You ain't got the guts sucka, and I ain't got the time (No!)
You might jacked (Jack!), and you might get killed (What else!?)
You might get shot (Chea!), when shit get real

[Verse: Ru Spits]
Step to Ru sideways, you know the guns will blow
I never been a follower homie, I run these shows
I don't pump no, I'd rather front the blow
It's like y'all suffer from a disease, called "Fronszalo"
Yeah I'm crazy fam', known to pack eagles
They talk tough, I roll up, then they catch amnesia
Fake thugs, no love, get clapped when I see ya
I ain't talkin' about juice, when I sip from my squeeza
Mozzarelli maker, lots of fetti chasing
I'm in the class of big boys, with the heavy paper
You wanna talk gangsta shit
Until I blow holes, through ya handkerchief
Cause the cannon throw rounds, that could sink the ship
And I'm known to black out, on any languages
Like, "[? some African dialect he's making sounds, idk]"
" [still have no idea what he is saying ?]" (What that mean?)
Y'all already know, that I'm on my grind
This ain't nothin' motherfucka, cause this year is mine

[Hook 2x]