There's no storyteller who's a lot like me
The motivator on the microphone, so listen to B
The words that I'm statin', consider them a factual
Got the knack for the rap cause I'm a natural
Gonna talk about a beat to move your feet
So body rockers, shake your butt to get you out your seat
I'll defend my beat to my very last breath
[?] fresh but say nothin' less
Cause I'll be upset and you'll regret
Yes, the very first day that we met
Cause it's not opinion, it's a stated fact
I could never lose my beat, K.D. bring the beat back

I'm in all the Hilltop everybody was sayin' it
You hear crew's beat that's right it was playin'
Like I first said, this is my beat
Don't try to steal or you'll lay in defeat
Not only the beat that you can call def
[?] that's me, and K.D. is to my left
Let me hit the dance floor while K's on the cut
Like this kind of cut, where you shake your butt
Bring the beat back

Well, I'm a radio taker, I can party all night
Can drop another microphone and I can even fight
With my beat playin', there's no way to stop me
But rock [?] and make my rhymes, don't mock me
The beat is not simple, just like a habit
You will jam to it, just like it's automatic
Got the bass hit the stand with a little tat-tat
I'm referring to this thing called the high hat
Tom-tom it doesn't matter, high mid or low
Watch my beat expand, in other words it will grow
K.D., where's it at?

[?] motivate you, might even sedate you
Don't underestimate it, it might mate you
I'm not yours for taking, in this case I'm giving
Put my beat into a [?] I take the full [?]
I'm reachin' for the sky, no I'm not fly
Cold def in the place, yeah I'm just that guy
And needless to say, Steady B is my code
So why don't you just prepare for the next episode
Bring my beat back to me, I won't lose it
The jam [?], [?] choose it
To manufacture these, yeah I take my time
To perfect it while they roll it down the assembly line
Puttin' beats together, and keepin' it tight
And that's a fact, can never lose it
Bring the beat back