Yeah, we just chilling in the spot, DJ Tat Money and Steady B, and we got a little friend we wanna introduce y'all to. His name is Funky Drummer, and we 'bout to get cold stupid ill. So Funky Drummer: hit it!

Well, I'm moving, but I ain't no kid
Rocking steady at the place for me to run things
Lyrical genius, mastermind of the wild
And I took the time to combine what's mine
With the talents of a drummer who can rock it all night
Funky funky, would you believe he's right
With the rhythm that can make you dance
Is what I said... and I'm the one who can prance
Who says a rap, and the MC like me
Along with the drummer who [?]
When I say he's funky, don't mean he stinks
He's funky with the sticks and I'm funky with ink
Swing his hands back and forth
And he's got to be down with Steady B of course
Got patented beats, winter and summer
Don't call him anything y'all but the Funky Drummer

Now wait, hold up, wait a minute, stop
("Hold it now") Rock that beat
Get down

I love the beats cause that's what I like
But it ain't rock and roll, just a drum and a mic
I'm speedy with the rhyme, perpetrator surrender
Borrowin' my lines, and you know that I'm not a lender
Don't be frontin' on the subject at hand
Referrin' to the drummer and the Hilltop band
You want it, you'll get it, the drummer [won't pit it?]
I surely won't move, cause I know you can't get with it
Just listen, there's no competition
And I thought the mention we get for attention
I just love it. Tat (What?) Cut it
We're like the Three Amigos. DJ, rub it

Break it down

Keep pounding and pounding with my voice so hard
I'm talking to the drummer, see, cause I got your card
He had to swing up on a little hip hop
Sound funky, keep dancing until you drop
Move your feet cause this drummer's bad
And so is Steady B and it ain't no fad
It's respected, you'll like it because I made it
I'm breaking the scale, cause 10's how you rate it
I ain't no joke, when I rock I don't play
And no it ain't soft, that ain't what I say
Check him out y'all, and you don't quit
Steady B's on the microphone, the legit, the Funky Drummer

Yeah
Steady B and Tat Money running things
And you know that, along with the Funky Drummer, and we keeping it Tat, could never be wack. And I just got one thing to say: Philly is fresh and you know it. Philly is fresh and you know it. And all the DJs out there. There ain't nothing to say but to cut it up. DJ Tat Money, we got the Funky Drummer and MC Steady B. And we're def!

And for all you people out there who ain't down with hip hop: just shut up and like it!