(Steady B)
Thinking back, to my school days
Amazed at how time flies when you come aways
Just your kids
Friends are first but my desire got the best of me now my heart hurts
For your attention, your love and your touch
You'd be my queen and I'd treat you as such
You smile like the sun brightens down the day [? 0:46]
Everything is inside, I just don't know what to say
Now the way I feel about you girl I'm a villain [? 0:51]
Cause' if I don't give you my heart, you'll steal it
Others don't know, or see what I see
To you I'm Warren and not just Steady B
For the longest time, I've been meaning to ask you
This very thing every time that I pass you
Baby I need you right here with me
I've been dreaming, wishing you'd kiss me
Laying in my bed from sweat, tears a mixture
As I glaze at your yearbook picture
Boy my heart it thumping, I think that I'm ready
To ask you girl, do you wanna go steady

(?)
Man, Steady you right man
Your only supposed to have one girl out here
Yo E man tell em' what happened when you had your main girl

(E. Jones)
Remembering the time when we first met
Saying to myself, that's one I gotta get
Your cousin was on me, but I was on you
Me and you together we would be so true
We were introduced, so I said whats up
I knew you when you was little, but damn you grew up
You ask for my number and I started blushing
When all the time, it was for your cousin
Then we said goodbye, I almost cried my heart had died
Then I began to realize
How in the hell could I let you leave
When I still had a few lines up my sleeve
I said hold up sweetheart, how you living?
I wanna knock your boots, so what you giving?
Don't try to [? 2:06] or try to dis me cause' my name is E, so whats it gonna be?
Your gear is not whack, your pockets are fat
Your even cute
But you're not all that, girl
Do you think you're ready? if you are, then lets go steady

(?)
Yeah man, going steady
That's whats in buddy
Tat, man tell em [? 2:27] when you was going steady

[DJ Tat Money]
Taking long walks in the park after dark
We sit down and talk after your heart I stalk
Holding your hand, in my hand
You would be my woman, and yes I would be your man
Always squeezing you, kissing you, touching you
I'm not through
That's like I think that theirs more to do [? 2:44]
Yeah theirs more but in my heart I keep in store
And I'm sure [? 2:49]
Everyday you wake up, coffee in your cup
Breakfast in our bed
No memories in ya' head
About time a [? 2:56] you forgot to pass
Yeah that was fast but what we have will last, because
What true is love and most love is true
I'm always thinking of you, and everything that you do
But now, you see my point
I feel that I'm ready
Listen girl, I wanna go steady

(?)
Ah, that's right [? 3:13] and Tat Money
They with it, them guys is on one [? 3:14]
Yo stead, tell em' how it was back in the day with your girl

(Steady B)
Thinking of the days [? 3:22]
When a brother like me was so damn bold
I used to treat em' bad, make em' mad, make em' sad
Why? [? 3:29]
So I take my time, until I find
That one special girl that I would make mine
Has to be a sister with a head on her shoulders
And see, I'm not trying to get over
And now that I found her, I think I'm ready
But yo baby, lets go steady

(Ladies)
Do you want to go, steady
Do you want to go, steady with me (x4)