To subdue adversaries takes little of time
Wonder spree rhyme and the soul is mine
To enhance the combination of the rhyme and the beat
It's KD on the two Technics, so check 'em out
Just call us def! (def!)

(scratching)

Yes they call us def even the thought is loud
I'm like a nuclear attack on the hip hop crowd
One test ? and the beat is great
I'm his MC, he's my DJ mate
He's my right hand man, but he's on my left
And to conclude this sentence, just call us def! (def!)

(scratching)

The preparation of this rhyme took a genius infection
Resulting in formation of a def conception
The man Steady B, a hip hop intellect
To all the cuts are precise, the rhyme exceptional
The rhyme is def because I took the time
To put specialized words together to make a rhyme
Just call us def! (def!)

Yo, KD what's my name?
Steady B!

(scratching)

I go out at night don't think I'm fly
Just an ordinary guy and people wonder why
I'm not fly, I'm not fly but I'm nothing less
Why do I have to be fly when I'm so def
I don't waste my talent, my talent is ample
And if you don't believe me, then here's an example
The words that I use by means of the brain
Transform into words and could never be plain
I'm a b boy genius taken to that extent
And every word that I say you know that's what I meant
Just call us def! (def!)

(scratching)

You see I'm going and I'm flowing and I still will grow
Not a rookie amateur, an experienced pro
A poetic innovator, the crowd stimulator
The jam "Just Call Us Def", I'm the sole creator
With the Dragon on my side I can take all thunder
Build your coffin, dig your grave, put you six feet under
He's cuttin' the beat like a ginzo chef
Don't mean he can't hear when I say he's def
I'm the H.G. rock em when I'm doing the do
If there's those that can beat us, believe me, they're few
Just call us def! (def!)

(scratching)

If you listen to the beat it weighs of sensation
Just to let you know that def is my creation
I'll always tell you that I'll be on top
Steady B the crown prince of this thing hip hop
I'll send you to a state of hysteria
Make other MCs feel inferior
I can never be beat for what it's worth
You have to have def rhymes to hang in this turf
Just call us def! (def!)

(scratching)

With the two of us combined the team is workin'
If one of us is missing synchronicity is broken
We're so def (def!) I tell you from the heart
And the reason I can tell you is because we're smart
Cuz we're def (def!) and a part of the art
Steady B and Grand Dragon number one on the chart
And Grand Dragon cuts the wheels like a slice of cake
He has to put an apron on before he partakes
And destroying DJs like a demolition crew
Could take on a DJ and any times two
Just call us def! (def!)

The man Steady B's mouth is preponent
Don't act like you don't know cause I have just shown it
The ? of rock it takes animal cunning
You've got to be ferocious to keep MCs runny
This industry of rap is like the war of the words
The only ones who make it are the ones who are heard
Just call us def! (def!)

Rock! rock!
(Steady B now ?)

His left hand and next his right a chainsaw
Could cut up the beat if it's cooked or raw
And every single suckers he's put to rest
Just adds to the elevation of a man's success
I'm a first string rapper never one with a bitch
And with the DJ terrorizing it's assured since
For me to go the top, because I can't be stopped
Before I eat up the beat it has to be chopped
That's why I require this DJ man
The only way you could beat him if you could off his hand
But he so versatile, there's little ya know
If you cut off his hand he'll use his elbow
Just look at the crew, one-two you could add it
The rhyme is so def don't you wish you had it
We're ready movin' steady climbing up the charts
Makin' all of my rhymes with no teeth marks
Just call us def! (def!)

(scratching)