Well I brought the beat back and that was just a taste
Because Steady B is gonna kick the bass
Beats for the life by thoughts of the mind
Kept it [?] to write and say a rhyme
I'm taking first place in this beat-making race
Perfected not neglected with the aid of the bass
My voice is your choice, the best you'll choose
Going straight to the top without breaking the rules
[?] I knew you would say that I am the ace
But to rock a rhyme it takes nothin' but the bass
(Nothin' but the bass)

Hypnotize your mind with the words that I use
My microphone [?] are Steady B's only tools
You might as well consider me the show of the show
Don't talk about rhymes cause I'm a paragraph pro
Yes I need the bass, Steady B's main partner
The party starter which makes me try harder
My sidekick and me we'll achieve
While my bass is pumping just like my heartbeat
Kick it

Set the levels just right, rhymes rocking the mic
You might have a chance to beat me... psych!
People have tried, MCs in my face
All I have to do is just call in the bass
Contest is over, first round you lost
With my bass bodyguard, now you know who's boss
I keep the bass with serious utmost respect
And vowed by the heart to always protect
Stay straight, cause I'm great, keeping my own pace
What's the name of this jam? "Nothin' but the bass!"
(Nothin' but the bass)

Flame on, at the lines, to make sure I stay paid
An A+ rapper, yeah I'm making the grade
Master beat creator, coming out of my brain
Every line stands alone, there's nothing to say
Took out so many rappers, stacked them all on my shelf
Sometimes I even [?] I amaze myself
Just to go for what I know, to know where I'm goin'
Straight to the top, but yes I'm still growin'
Definitely def, [?] status is fresh
With the ordinary dress, not out to impress
Rhymes are understood, in your mind you can see it
But yet so complicated that you probably couldn't read it
When you hear my name you might as well step back
My rhyme is worse than my bark, you couldn't stand the rap
I'm not conceited just convinced that it's plain common sense
17 years old, and I'm the hip hop prince
Just pay attention to the teacher, you're about to be taught
I've survived, stood alive, and the best I have fought
Understanding every word, which always has meaning
To come into a jam and ease my eye's bleeding
As a fact, people do whatever I say
Like Simon Says on the mic and it will stay that way
Stay ahead of the back with the talented beats
To rock a party if the mic is within my reach
I take control, don't stroll, should win a medal
For just being myself, that is a super dope devil
MCs in my face, I just call on... the bass
(The bass)
(Bring that beat back)