Thought to myself one night about three
I want another woman, just for me, ya see
Got in my car, didn't have to go far
[?] on a woman at a singles bar
I pulled up at the bar— I'm keen
How did I get in when I'm only seventeen? Cause I'm mean
Walked inside, the vibe was kind of def
Ladies to the right and much more to my left
Pulled a little closer to the floor
A lady invited me, and said "Are you sure?"
Got her on the floor [?] her neck til it broke, it ain't no joke
She offered me a cigarette, I don't smoke
I know what's coming next cause I know I can think
Before you ask, no I don't drink, cause you stink?
She said, "You don't drink, you don't smoke?
So what do you do? Is this a joke?"
You know what I want, what I came here for
She said "Oh I get it. Are you sure?"
My heart started racing then I got the nerve up
To kiss her on the neck, and squeeze her butt
She gave me a sign to let me know she was with it
I said "Where's your coat?" She said "There," I said "I'll get it"

Pulled up at her house about twenty minutes later
She said "Baby can you do me a favor?"
I said "Sure, what's the game, champagne?
Hey miss, I don't even know your name
I bet you didn't hear me cause you just [?] the door."
I said "What the hell" and put the gas to the floor
Pedal to the metal, foot on the throttle
Back in a flash not alone with three bottles
Walked in the house, sitting right on the couch
In satin lingerie, all I said was... "Ouch!
Mama, I ain't ready to play"
Then I got tongue-tied, didn't know what to say
[?] "Are those for me?"

Got back my composure, said "Don't hurt me
I know you're kinda hot, miss, please don't burn me"
Sat down on the couch, kicked off my shoes
Cracked the champagne, well that's old news
She started feeling on my body
Got kinda hardy so let's start the party
I was quick, the slow's not on the menu
She came out the bathroom I said, "Shall we continue?"
Loving is great, I had a smile on my face
When her hips start moving, can you keep my pace?
She looked at me, shook her head
Grabbed my hand, and led me to the bed
Who? I was steady, ready to go
Then the chick blew my mind, when she said "No"??
I said "'No'? Man, you must be crazy
Got the nerve to raise me, then get lazy?"
Cause it was hot, incense it was lit
I was there for three hours all she did was talk.. shit
I'm steady scheming, cause I'm Mr. Slick
But she threw away the chains when I showed her my...
Yeah you know what's next, cause you know what I'm doing
Got out the screwdriver, then started screwing
But I didn't know, she was all about chewing
Got her from the back, then I got bold
Then I rammed, then she screamed... oops, wrong hole