(Samples)
Straight from the avenue
I'm a hustler
Straight from straight from the avenue x4

(Steady B)
Stone cold hustlers straight to the sides
Pockets light full of knifes because I'm patrolling the box [? 0:23-0:24]
Got a fat ass cargo down fly as shit
Cops want to stop me what the fuck I'm legit
No drugs in the car but yet I got a beep off [?]
For what I'm important I'm a hilltop leader
People want to look down because I'm a black youth
With money, I think it's funny cause' no way in hell can a nigga be equal
You'll be surprised, this is from my own people
Yo, I'm dealing records no keys but I cop g's from royalty cheques shows I do this ain't make believe. [?]
You'll never understand shit that I go through, things that I have to do, what I'm exposed to
The life, yeah I'm a bad brother 19 years old and I'm a stone cold hustler

(Samples, scratched)
So, so, so so, so now you know
You, you you, you can get into this x4

(Steady B)
Now standing on the corner except for we're chilling
But the rumors are passed down that Steady B's dealing
You don't know by now? I'm in the music business
I off suckers that rhyme that how I finish this dig this poor shit
[? 1:28-1:30] I like to live the same so I don't lay low
Or stay low except if L.G. say so
Not a bad guy but far from wearing a halo
Gained respect for the power to make you move
That's how I hustle, the hilltops main groove
Yeah my part of town ain't all a bowl of cherries
We got [? 1:45-1:47]
You know that the hilltop used to be a gang and even today more serve then I bang [?]
I took a negative turned it into a positive force and still don't like so what? I'm the boss
And I'm running it, like it should be run, brother

(Unknown)
Why?

[Steady B]
Cause' I'm a stone cold hustler

(Samples, scratched)
Cause' i'm, i'm, i'ma, cause' i'ma i'ma hustler
Boy, boy, boy, boy I [? 2:04-2:07] x4
American Express
Jesus in the water x4

(Steady B)
Stereotype to the maximum
I don't really care, just make a point to attack them
Saying I'm ignorant cause' I talk slang, I walk with a limp, I gotta' be in a gang
Who says your right? for all you know I could be right
You follower [? 2:54-2:56]
If I can make money talk the way that I talk
Do you think I care about you? yo a winners [? 3:00]
Its the principle the opposition is men [?]
And you really wouldn't like to have me as an enemy
I'm a key to the youth, not you, so what you gonna do?
Posing a threat to the system and you know that it's true
You can analyse things that I say, I'm [? 3:15] no air play
But it doesn't matter, got the street to back me up
[? 3:18-3:19] with hip hop will never sever
Ghetto life, understand it and be smug
Cause' i'ma stone cold hustler

(Samples, scratched)
Straight from the avenue
I'm a hustler
Straight from straight from the avenue x6