[Verse 1]
Yes, Steady B, and I'm stupid fresh
And when I say I rock the party, won't give nothin' less
That's the range of my rhymes, 'cause rhymin' is my major
No I'm not fly, but a def teenager
Studyin' skills which is makin' me better
Writing out the suckers an obituary letter
Look at the man, you say "Could he be?"
Tat Money, and he's down with me
He's drivin' the wheels like a man possessed
I'm not letting other DJ's creating a mess
You're not rhyming on my level, no way you can manage
Tat's the terrorizer turntable savage
On the wheels, so we are best
Steady B and Tat Money we're stupid fresh!

[Verse 2]
I'm dustin' off all rappers should be gettin' dusters
Suckers on my lines like it ain't no justice
The scratch master king cut designer
And I go by the title Steady B the def rhymer
Funk is our intention, your body and mind
Do the stupid fresh saying's no one else can design
I'm rippin' and tearin' all MC's to pieces
Not with a blade but with my rap thesis
Lookin' at my rhymin' I know you want to grab it
Eliminating MC's is my good habit
The [? 1:25] complicater like a game of chess
As the name of this jam is Stupid Fresh!

[Verse 3]
To write rhymes like these intelligence is needed
Just statin' the facts, don't mean to sound conceited
Practice every day, writin' rhyme after rhyme
The way I murder my suckers might as well be a crime
'Cause the name's Steady B, Stupid Fresh is the title
Some say it's true, I'm a sucker MC's idol
Steady B is back again, I keep comin' back
Gettin' paid cash money 'cause I got it like that
Yes, verse after verse, line after line
You got to be specific when making a rhyme
The rhyme I conducted, no lines disrupted
You can never doubt a sicker mind is well [? 2:10]
To the hype, sounds of living in a Hip Hop world
Can never be gay with all these girls
Stupid fresh, fresh fresh fresh
Tat, where's it at?

[Verse 4]
The master cutter will leave 'em in dismay
Steady B is left standin', you will say "Hooray"
MC's in fear, DJ's petrified
Deadly def rhymes laced with cyanide
But you're no rapper 'cause I'm the dictator
And you're in Tat's lair when you touch that fader
I can save your soul but I ain't no priest
But if you're a sucker, then you stay deceased
'Cause I'm the defest there is, in the classification
Rain provoke the steady fire, not instigation
I'm comin' to the battle so get out the bandage
Two shots steady 'cause in severe damage
Just call us def yeah you know who
Steady B and Tat Money back with part two!

[Verse 5]
[? 3:11] executed, suckers are booted
Ask how we're doin', there's nothing to it
Don't talk about a battle, 'cause you're sure to fail
I'm the earthquake; you're the Richter Scale
Adrenaline starts flowin' with the rhymes I construct
And you can try to bite 'em but it's my prime duck[? 3:25]
Yes, I am a rapper, don't ask me to sing!
The name is Steady B, yes, the audio king!