Well the party was over, 'bout four o'clock
I was just getting started, I wanted to rock
I went into the house, something was stinkin'
Had a couple of beers, but I wasn't really drinkin'
I [?] with a gun in my fist
And then the dance hall started smelling like fish
Crept up the stairs, opened my bedroom door
And then I seen this thing in the middle of my floor
Man I cannot stop it, it was dressed real black
With the big food stamps left on the thing's back
It got up real slow, my room started hummin'
Got a look at that face, and man I started runnin'
For every ten steps, this thing took two
And then I had to say, [?] you're through
So I turned around, it couldn't be another
I tried not to laugh cause it was yo mutha

(Yo mutha)

Yo mutha hovered toward me coulda had me for dinner
Seen her at the ave on the three-two center
She seen my face [?] again
Then I thought to myself, "When will all this end?"
Then she said "Never!", man I must tell
I was [?] cause I was scared like hell
"Leave me alone miss," I just say please
The reason that she stopped, he neighbor's giving out free cheese
Well she reminds me a lot of my teacher
Yo I got it, a creature double feature
I never ran, but now I'm a runner
Why are you laughing, cause it's yo mutha

(Yo motha)

Name of the story she's beginning to bug me
I wouldn't give her a play, she's too ugly
[?] stayed in my seat
When all of a sudden I smell feet
I looked up, it was yo mutha, damn it couldn't be
Why is this lady chasing me?
Yes I know she would be, but it's just love
Can't get involved with a lady who's made out of [?]
She tells me she wants to run her fingers through my hair
[?] lady, boy it just ain't fair
Sitting in the crib, all alone
And just when I heard my telephone
It was yo mutha (yo mutha) and I started a crank
You can take it to the bank, cause baby you stank
That's when she got mad, that I know
Or she wouldn't have drove her car through my window
She hopped out the car saying it's time to go
What do you think you are, Rambo?
Then she grabbed me, started ripping off my clothes
I was scared like hell but only heaven knows
But I'm not talking 'bout another cause there ain't another
If I'm not mistaken man it's yo mutha

(Yo mutha)

Get stupid, y'all

Somehow got away from yo mutha
She keeps on persisting that I'm her lover
You got the wrong guy, it's been a terrible mistake
If you don't get away from me, I'll yell rape
She says "I want you," "You can't have me, miss"
Not a serious diss, but you smell like fish
She ripped off her clothes, tried to jump on my bones
That's when I hollered back "You better leave me alone"
So from then out out she didn't mess with me
Yes I'm ready y'all, and my name is Steady
...but it's yo mutha
(Yo mutha)