Intro: Young noble

Young noble outlaw!
Yeah,gage gully,all green everything!
Yeah, this the outlaw lifestyle
Independent,is like freedom!
Ride with me now!

Hook: young noble

I like my whip topless and my bitch topless, can you vision how a nigga ride?
I like my whip topless and my bitch topless, she feel free, anytime she ride beside me
I like my whip topless and my bitch topless, this outlaw lifestyle we livin is priceless!
I like my whip topless and my bitch topless, she said its freedom, every single time we ridin

Verse 1: Young noble

We dont conform to the normal society,born outlaw, thats why she choose to ride with me
She done ride to the end of the road, against all odds us against the world!
You only live once, the freedom is a rush
Is like the future close, thats why im speedin up
Focus on the prize turn my dreams to reality, this shit these niggas dream about, is really my reality!
I like my whip topless, and my bitch topless, we ain't worried bout the cops or whoever watching
We on our own world nobody exists!
All green everything we gon make it flip right now at this moment she my favorite bitch!
Ridin'round topless this her favorite shit!
Is like the freedom is a rush
I know this probly look crazy to ya'all but this is natural to us we OUTLAWZ

Hook

I like my whip topless and my bitch topless, can you vision how a nigga ride?
I like my whip topless and my bitch topless, she feel free, anytime she ride beside me
I like my whip topless and my bitch topless, this outlaw lifestyle we livin is priceless!
I like my whip topless and my bitch topless, she said its freedom, every single time we ridin

Verse 2: Shawnna

Huh,um look
I like my whips flawless
My crib is gorgeous
The size of my whole bankroll is enormous!
Out city's for it,your chicks boring
While she sit and waiting home im on trips tourin!
Ballenciada, Alexander Mcqouen
Every room in my house got a money machine
Picture me flying G-6 in them white sins
See im his main bitch, he my right hand
And we dont give a dammn, we got a money team
We blow it all like is growing on a money tree!
See he is in love with me, and im in love with him, so if you fuck with me, you gota fuck with them
So if you make a wrong move then its lights out
We put them big boys up and pull them bikes out!
We blow them pipes out
We livin it rich
Bumping that old school biggie "me and my bitch"

Hook

I like my whip topless and my bitch topless, can you vision how a nigga ride?
I like my whip topless and my bitch topless, she feel free, anytime she ride beside me
I like my whip topless and my bitch topless, this outlaw lifestyle we livin is priceless!
I like my whip topless and my bitch topless, she said its freedom, every single time we ridin

Verse 3: Gage gully

Follow our own rules, we outlawz we the munity
I like my whip topless, no tellin where the roof will be
I like my bitch topless, she get a rush outa nudity
She hang on every word think i speak hope fluently
I tell the truth, schooling and youth to help the communitys
We young eneptrenours, creating opportunity
Dont obey by the laws we, got underwold unity
She in love with the future thats where im headin so move with me
All green evrything we scheme for steady cream
I seen this whole thing clear out before i sleep in my dreams
Thats why im ready,heavy foot on the gas i got this
She ridin aroun topless, im drivin around topless
The feeling of freedom ill, cuz i know what the cost is so i enjoy it everyday and eat how a boss live
She look at me, her eyes speak without sayin a word
Fantasy became reality so fast we free as a bird
Find how!

Hook

I like my whip topless and my bitch topless, can you vision how a nigga ride?
I like my whip topless and my bitch topless, she feel free, anytime she ride beside me
I like my whip topless and my bitch topless, this outlaw lifestyle we livin is priceless!
I like my whip topless and my bitch topless, she said its freedom, every single time we ridin