[ Spaces Represent When The Beat Drops and Switches In 808 Beat . ]

[Intro]
Whoop . . . . Soulja . . . Soulja Boy , Young Lo , Agoff , (Im So MuthaFuckin Pretty Nigga) , Cartier , Lil Seazy , BLACK JESUS

Pretty Boy Gang Pretty Boy Mobbin' Whoopppppp , Pretty Boy Gang Pretty Boy Guapin'

[Verse]

I came out the water Go and place your order Fifty thirteen (Lil Dre' Move Harder) Never gave a fuck, I don't never move sloppy I'm getting
Money, must be Illuminati

Cash on deck bitch Niggas get the fuck back Niggas be broke bitch Swear that shit is sicken You niggas ain't listening I'm toting that
Chopper Every dime I got is glistening

Came out the ocean bitch I swear that I'm immaculate Alien territory Call My Young Niggas To Snatch a bitch Call my Slap a bitch Call Young
Seazy Yeah that be me Nigga I don't give a fuck its easy

Call me Young Jesus Red and blue diamond Like the police siren Money Gang getting staging and you niggas tiring …

Hitters on fire And It's SODMG all Up Your TV up In 3D and I move it Ugh

[Chrous]

Niggas talking shit, I'mma alien , Came out that water in that space-ship Fuck what you heard Fuck what you heard , Bitch I'mma alien Bitch

I'mma alien , Came out that water in that space-ship Came out the water in that space-ship Fuck what you heard Fuck what you heard

[Verse]

I swerve when I ride pass … Niggas talk that shit Soulja Boy dressed in Camo Simi - clip up on me I might shoot you in your face ho All riding And I Wanted Lil Dre' Outaspace Ho

I'mma alien Bitch suck my dick And she came and her bitch was Australian

Never gave a fuck, I'm a kingpin sushi iced out 25 fuck two ten ugh

I'm living in a morrow Twenty twelve yellow bone bet that bitch swallow lil nigga fuck what you getting SOD that be the team Fuck what he taking

Fuck what he talking Fuck what he got Pussy ass bitch Fuck around get shot Anything that you own I'm a get it too Anything that you want we can get into

Lil Dre' I don't think these niggas hear me dawg , Lil Seazy I don't think these niggas hear me dawg , Agoff I don't think these niggas hear me dawg , Cartier I don't think these niggas hear me dawg