We ain't trippin' off nothing
Dirty kush in my lungs and we smokin' on somethin'
Tell my boys be cool we gon' get there in a minute
Beezy posted every day every motherfuckin' second.(Beezy)
S.O.D. Ocean gang in this mothafuckin' bitch and you know what I claim
See that mary jane flame
I'm too cool for these guys, see they wanna be fly
But they tell too many lies
I'm the king, I'm the king, yeah I'm on my crown shit, lil' Dre yellow diamonds
When I'm in your town bitch
I'm the one on your TV screen, Color Cut, Clarity
HD 1080p, Screaming S.O.D.M.G
L.V. this, I'mma get that bitch
See a nigga posted up, I'mma hit that switch. and I'mma take my whip
And I'mma hit that button every time you see me know I'm sippin on somthin'
Feelin so swagg, can adjust my swag I don't mean to brag. CHEAT CODE SWAG
Did this shit like it ain't nothing man sold out shows on tour. I'm doing
Something(I'm doing somthing)
Young boy tell em man, S. Beezy
TEAM SODMG on da TV screen.(TEAM SOD) Flow so hard and make my fans proud
But I'm so damn cool, retro kid steeze now Post on the block so dope, S.O.D
Gang tell them niggas that they got no hope, no joke. I'mma ball hard lil Dre 2012
Bently auto start. Finally sippin on something I ain't worried bout nothing
Catch me chillin I'm blunted
Kush in my lungs everyday I'm stuntin, and them boys worried bout me should
Be worried bout money
Videogame the way I pop that tag, S.O.D.M.G. wit' that CHEAT CODE SWAG. I done
Came through quick, lookin so mean, I done rep my team, stupid dope supreme
Niggas know bout me I post I can't help it, L.V. luggage wit the L.V. Belt
Bitch. Checkered board chest Boi come across the carpet deandre swag I
Done jumped up out the water. (WHAT)Tell em niggas I ain't finished If a
Bitch gonna suck me, Later on she gon lick it. I be posted in da club
Lookin' like a walkin' ticket, Sexy ass nigga S.O.D. be the shit bitch. It's the
Business, I'm talkin' bout a million
Catch me throwing all this money, hundreds fallin' from the ceiling.lil Dre
Be my name. we won't stop til abillion. Be all up off my chain, I'm REPPIN
FOR THE NAME
Bitch boy it's not a game and I still make it look so mothafuckin' clean
Third eye supreme, repping for my team. Lookin' so pretty like I feel out a
Dream it's a murder scene the way I drop them tags, it's a murder scene when
They cannot cash it, it's a murda scene when that shit 211. lil Dre