[Intro: Soulja Boy]
Soulja Boy, Arab in the building
We ending all the beef right now
Ya'll niggas gon' shoot by us so shut the fuck up, nigga!

[Verse 1: Soulja Boy]
Now let me tell you who the fuck I be
Soulja mothafuckin' B
I be rep Chi-Lanta Ville
So get the fuck up off of me
Stacks On Deck, ENT
Whip doe with that palm tree
Man we got the pistol
Cause you niggas wanna fuck with me
I'm gon' make it rain but I ain't talkin bout no money
Gotta choppa on deck, and I aiming at you dummy
With da rubberband chain let it hang on my neck
When I get up on the mic, I puttin all you hoes in check
Go for pussy ass niggas talkin bout they want some beef
I got me some Bathing Apes, and they try to copy me
Man, sit yo ass down with the busted ass Jay's
I'm the realest in this hoe, I steal my city if you break
Nigga ask about me in yo town, I'm the one who shut it down
From State to State, Soulja Boy do shows and do heavy weight
I don't give a fuck, cause my clique about that action
If you run up off me wrong, then my thumbs gon' get the blessin'
Hoe you diss Arab, so I gotta get you back
Nigga I heard all yo songs and every one I heard was wack
So if it isn't lust the night, then let it go
And when they cut the lights on, you other niggas on the flow
Bitch!

[Verse 2: A-Rab]
Yo I'm fresh up out da chain, with my colors rearrange
Too much ice around my neck it got a nigga feelin' strange
30/30, sixty mans, nigga whatever you call it
Standing in da top grands, so you know a nigga ballin'
16, just a little baby, you think it's a lie
Concrete through our hood watch da red touch yo eye
Money comin up, nigga I got five-to-five stackers
And I am the bomb, bitch, like a fuckin firecracker
Who you think you supposed to be, blowin' in yo fuckin' TV
And my clique will knock and down and stach ya Jay's up off ya feet
I got fans everywhere, lined up to take my picture
If you haters don't know me, you could ask yo little sister
Hair braided all right, and I'm finna hit the show
You might see me in yo city cause they Rab-it on the flow
All you haters, ya'll ain't even gotta buy my new CD
You hear my name everywhere you go, even on TV, nigga

[Chorus: Soulja Boy]
Bitch ass niggas ya'll muhfuckers quit hatin nigga
We goin round us and get da fuck over
Yahh, bitch, yahh!
A-C-T-I-O-N
Oooh you don't want it hoe!
We bout da action hoe!
We bout da action hoe!
We bout da action hoe!
We bout da action hoe!

[Interlude: Soulja Boy]
Man I hope ya'll niggas love this shit
But I was just wondering
Do you want me to diss you so you could get a little bit more fame
Or you want me to diss you cause ya'll niggas really don't like us?
Take dat back, till then
You don't want it hoe!
You don't want it hoe!
You don't want it hoe!
You don't want it hoe!
You don't want it hoe!
You could boo before a show as I'ma come to yo city
And I'm a bring the whole mothafuckin Mississippi River
Yahhh!

[Outro: Soulja Boy]
I got me some Jay's
I got me some Jay's
I got me some Jay's
I got me some Jay's