[Intro]

Gucci Bandanna
(Skirr)
I fucking with you, I don't give a shit about adlibs
(Groan)
You don't get a tip
46
Kill a Crip. Goons in the pit
Bitch


[Verse 1]

Look
Here lies a whole cacophony of sound in a graveyard south of me
God damn it, a sin sang so fully enhanced by a dragged out opening
Why the fuck would I need that adlib for those dumb kids that don't know shit
Because (Censored) can flow sick without saying his name before it
Oh shit! I don't owe shit to my friends here, those posers
Who act up when I say my balls itch, or that song there sucks raw dick
Lemme see that maw, open up that jaw bitch, you got a bad case of pastrami
I'ma eat that cause I'm hungry, prechewed, smelling like it's dog shit
I'm on a spaceship in its orbit around Venus and her orifice
And I'm peeling, I mean penis, I mean Jesus, do you see this?
He sees it in this remix, he gets so pissed at my genius
I get struck by lightning, and it hurts cause it's lightning

And lightning is really hot... STANK


[Hook x2]

Gucci Bandanna, Gucci Gucci Bandanna (Skirr!)
Gucci Bandanna, Gucci Gucci Bandanna (Skirr!)
Gucci Bandanna, Gucci Gucci Bandanna (Skirr!)
Gucci Bandanna, Gucci Gucci Bandanna (Skirr!)
Gucci Bandanna, Gucci Gucci Bandanna (My bitch, my bitch)
Gucci Bandanna, Gucci Gucci Bandanna (My bitch, my bitch)
Gucci Bandanna, Gucci Bandanna (My bitch, my bitch)
Gucci Bandanna, Gucci Gucci Bandanna (My bitch.)


[Verse 2]

(My bitch) Bitch got stank up to her neck, she passed out in that bathtub
In that soap bubble so fresh, god damn she smelling like lavender
Got a package for you I'm so straight, man I'm so straight
I swear it's not my dick. Just open it, just open it
HA HA! It was my fucking cock! I tricked you with my wiener!
Now you got to remove your socks, kick back and smoke this reefer
Cleaner than a peek at me, anyone wanna see my evil secrets?
Evil demons speaking in tongues telling me to heener-neener
Playing speam with a gang of green infected leaves
I eat a feast of severed arms and legs to feed my selfish needs
I shot a killer off his steed and now I'm hungry for his mead
I grab a hundred of his best ales and his PCP. Gucci!


[Hook]

Gucci Bandanna, Gucci Gucci Bandanna
Gucci Bandanna, Gucci Gucci Bandanna
Gucci Bandanna, Gucci Gucci Bandanna
Gucci Bandanna, Gucci Gucci Bandanna
Gucci Bandanna, Gucci Gucci Bandanna (Skirr!)
Gucci Bandanna, Gucci Gucci Bandanna (Skirr!)
Gucci Bandanna, Gucci Bandanna (Skirr!)
Gucci Bandanna, Gucci!


[Verse 3]

Telling me to be the better beta, never gotta demonstrate or cater to the brave Belarus
Dictator never cave into a player, I gotta get a day to stay away from a truce
Stay away from a moose, get loose when I do boo-hoo while I take a little deuce
Coo-coo rig a trigger with a rapper, Cappadonna gonna gap a motherfucking tooth. BITCH!
One day, whack a mole, get ready get set for the festivala and then go
Do you wanna test a ho? Back bent, steady, pay less come on
Get back to the escadron at PayLess where I pay less reperations
For the escalation of the respiration that I use in a conversation about patience
Straight raging with pagans. Crazy for Cajuns
Paging Malaysians. Blowing fellations

That's it, I'm done. My career is over. I'm finished

STANK!