I said the boy so mother fucking reckless
Snatched the .. straight form the?
?zone 1, simpson street
Niggers know we can get the beat!
Get it on these days, niggers know that i?m on
Niggers know that i?m the king on my god damn throne!
Seeing on my fucking mansion, ? with a thirty inch screen plasma
Avatar ass niggers, cause i see you blue in the face
Yeah, bitch i see you lose to the case!
Bitch ass nigga, you just not catching enough cocaine
It?s sod money, game like the shit is the same
I spit fire flames when i get to the track
You nigga is bitches, is bitches that?s a matter of fact!
Pussy, ya all niggers i ain?t really seeing the?
.. i got spears on the microphone
I let niggers have it, chance.. the beast magic
I still do the shit in traffic, an still let the ?
On a battle field me and my?
We?re so crispy cream and we?
Uh, and i?mma flip like gymnastics
Ya all nigga too fake, ya all remind me of plastic
I was ?plastic, with all that acid
To spin flame on the track, just to let them have it
I got questions that ain?t got no answers
I got ?tell me why can we all liv our life
I smoke weed and? fuck your wife, nigga!
I hate mother fucker fake trances
Nigga sweat it down ?till this shit gonna melt
Your pussy ass nigga, use a bitch yourself
You know who i?m gonna talk about, you ain?t gotta say names
I just... switch too lame
I just hit a blonde under the a ?
But when i listen to you, i don?t hear no?
All i hear is a lot of bullshit on the?
But i?m a real ass nigga, getting here in these streets
One million in the day, we will never get that
I make history look bitch
And you can bring cash?
I remember last year..
But i?m ..with the fears, ?till i fuck him?
I?mma make you feel him!
Look, my name is soldier boy, but i?m a soldier man
Real shit, i?ll be leaning like a kick stand?

And my young nigga ?
Yeah, spinning like a ?
See the? still spinning
See the sod teams still winning
..to the haters, you are still? but i know you all hear me
And i know you all fear me!
Pussy, i wanna do what i do
And if i do what i do it, that?s why i move with my crew
And ya all can move? i move?
I swear my click is the best!
I know you heard the best, i know ?
I was moving so?
Real nigga got my back, other rap gang slap me
Now my shit is all proper, i?m so sick, need a doctor
I swear i?m?
..niggers my sons, i don?t need?
Pussy ass niggers hang on the click
But is ?money gang, that?s so mother fucker shit!
Now i?m gonna rap it till i?m?
I?ll put that shit on?
..soldier boy, bitch, mother fucker i?m back!
And i?m never ?nigga, i just gotta get it straight!
Sod money gang? in the seif!
If a nigga won?t? i might ?
But i?ma spit the real shit
Let the fans real shit
Let them decide who?s the best
I put my heart and my lyrics on these fucking tracks
Now i?mma start killing rappers when i hit the?
.. i?mma tear them apart, and now my cars is at ?
And everything i get on stage my people screaming my name
My worst song?
I never quit, i never real forget
Where the fuck i came from, ?
Day 1, i got love for ya all, and that?s real talk!...
..burn it to you cd, ..
I?m on the ground, ?
I put it down for ya all, i put it down for ya all
I love all my fans!