[Intro:]
Ey man, this for my motherfucking niggas on the mother fucking internet man (Fuck Nigga, what the fuck wrong witchu niggas?)
Niggas talking on the motherfucking internet nigga
Beefing on Twitter man
Motherfuckers tweeting on motherfucking instagram man
Motherfuckers motherfucker
Twitter fingers trigger fingers man
Gang

[Hook]
He talking on the Internet! (The Internet?)
Ay nigga where yo mama at! (where yo mama at nigga?)
If it's beef than nigga where yo mama at? (where yo mama at nigga?)
Run inside yo house where yo grandmama at? (where yo grandmama at?)
My shooters ain't really into that (Boom boom boom!)
Run up in yo house, where yo children at? (yo children at?)
Aye, talking on the Internet (Internet)
The Internet, he talking on the Internet (Boom boom boom!)

Bridge
He talking on the Internet! (The Internet)
My shooters ain't really into that (ain't into that)
We run up in his house, where his children at? (Boom boom boom!)
We don't do sneak dissin on the Internet (GANG, Aye, GANG!)

Verse 1
My shooters yeah they killing that (they killing that)
I passed him the brick just like a runningback (a runningback)
Run inside his house and get to gunning that (ey gunning that BOW)
Put up in that lambo looking like a bat (like Batman)
In the kitchen whipping in the trap (in the trap)
Run up in yo house and shoot you in the head (in the he')
Young niggas with my yeah you know they kill (you know they kill)
By King Soulja they shoot everyone (boom boom boom)

Hook
He talking on the Internet! (Booom!)
Ay nigga where yo mama at! (Aye where yo mama at nigga?)
If it's beef than nigga where yo mama at? (Where yo grandmama at?)
Run inside yo house where yo grandmama at? (Bang)
My shooters ain't really into that (Boom boom boom!)
Run up in yo house, where yo children at? (yo children at) (boom boom boom)
Aye, talking on the Internet (boom boom boom)
The Internet, he talking on the Internet (The Internet)

Verse 2
I dont really know these niggas
Pull up on they block, with that Glock, yeah I'll blow at niggas (boom)
Me and my niggas shoot, money out the roof
Riding a Bently Coupe
Pussy nigga who the fuck is you?
You ain't got no juice
Click clack, bow nigga
Money stacking pile nigga (Fuck Nigga)
Pull up on yo block pussy nigga and we gon wild nigga (We gon wild)
Let them thangs light
All my niggas shooting, foggy nights
Run up on you with the pipe
We put pistols in his life
He don't talk then he got stripes
Pull on the block and we get right (boom)
Fuck you talking bout lil nigga?
AK47 lil nigga
Monkey ass nigga get hit with the choppa
Pussy ass nigga get hit up and get sent to the doctors. (Bang bang boom!)

Hook
He talking on the Internet!
Ay nigga where yo mama at! (Aye where yo mama at nigga?)
If it's beef than nigga where yo mama at? (Where yo mama at?)
Run inside yo house where yo grandmama at?
My shooters ain't really into that (ain't into that)
Run up in yo house, where yo children at? (where yo children at)
Aye, talking on the Internet (the Internet)
The Internet, he talking on the Internet (Bang bang boom!)