[Intro]
Ocean Gang, oh God
SODMG we in this mufucker man
Souljer
Swag took over the rap game man
Straight up man

[Verse 1]
Diamonds on my neck, tried to reach it? Suicidal (Huuh)
Long banana clips, but that only for survival. (Uh)
Ocean Gang niggas wit me, lookin for my rivals
Standing on the TV screen, yeah, I will supply you. (I will supply you)
Red diamond chain, shouts out to the west coast (Westcoast)
AK cocked back, and Im aimin at the boy throat. (Swag)
Chicago Bulls snapback, yeah I make it classy (Classy)
Hoppin out the phantom, its the black swag daddy. (Daddy)
Gold grill, chain, and you know my pants saggin (Lets go)
Standin in the club, and you know I make it rain tho. (Lets go)
Lookin so handsome, the girl called a taxi
Word around town, that bitch was leakin thru her maxi. (Souljer)
Ridin thru my hood, and im lookin like Obama (Yuah)
12 shotguns and Im ready for the thunder. (Haa)
Young Soulja Boy, man I came in harder
Man I swagged, took the rap game. You know that I started it
Young Dre my name, Nike McFlys got me lookin like I fell out the mufuckin sky (Huuh)
Soulja Boy Tellem, why would I lie? I be standin on cloud 9, got damn Im so high
Took the bitch to the hotel, and blew the bitch back out (Huuh)
I hopped up in the Ferrari, race off. I took the track out. (What)
Soulja Boy Tellem, Im all up in the air
I got so many diamonds, neck like a chandelier. (Oh God)

[Refrain]
You know its goin down, Speakers turnt up loud
When Im in a crowd, You know Im turnt up now (Turnt up)
Ocean Gang or drown, In ya fuckin town (Uh)
Word around town? Im so hot right now!

[Hook]
I'mma make my city proud
Make my city proud
Make my city proud
Make my city proud (Ayye)
I'mma make my city proud
Make my city proud
Make my city proud
I'mma make my city proud (Ya digg)

[Verse 2]
Word around town, I done copped a gold bracelet
The penthouse sweet, got me on some Scarface shit
Bitches too basic? Get the fuck back (Uuh)
I be in LA, wit the automatic strap. (Yuhh)
Yellow bone beside me, she put head of in my lap (Lap)
See Im ridin thru my hood, its like casino shootin craps. (Lets go)
Soulja Boy Tellem. Red shirt, I pull the vert off (Take off)
When I pull up in the club, I make the hoes take they shirt off. (Take off)
Swag on deck, man I swag so immaculate
Money on deck, I flip the money like a spatula. (Shoo)
Soulja Boy Tellem, man my swag so spectacular (Souljer)
Swag so cold, like Im standin in Alaska bitch
The matte black Maserati, I set it on dubs
Had 40 K cash, when I stepped in the club
S O D, Ocean Gang. Everything on us
Keep my eye on these rappers, trina snatch my plug
20 12 red Bentley, wit my swag turnt up
24 Forgiatos, and it make my tires scrub
Take a knee everyday, and then I take the man above
When you see me on red carpets, thats that Bape on my glove. (Oh God)

[Refrain]
You know its goin down, Speakers turnt up loud (Aaey)
When Im in a crowd, You know Im turnt up now (Swag)
Ocean Gang or drown, In ya fuckin town
Word around town? Im so hot right now!

[Hook]
I'mma make my city proud
Make my city proud
Make my city proud
Make my city proud
I'mma make my city proud
Make my city proud
Make my city proud
I'mma make my city proud