[Intro]
Money, S.O, Wuoo, Yelow Oooh DRE
(Mustard on the beat, ho)

[Verse 1]
On the C.O, On the Swag mode
Girl drop that ass... all day,All day Everyday
Man I'mma fucked down miss the shine on the fake ass nigga
Sit the black King as crape with the grape ass switch up breaking shit down
Baby you know I'mma take a picture, See me in the photo, see me runnin' slow though
YOLO that's the tag! You already know, though
On the four four lolo and that nigga run solo in the...
Zan with that lean got me move it slow mo
Mustard on the beat, nigga! Mustard goin' in!
Ice on my chain I'mma drop down ten, bitch
Pull up to the Red Carpet in dem bandz
Yeah I'mma fuck it up Where it is ?
Lil Dre! A.k.a. S beezy yellow diamond four finger ring make it look easy !SWAG!

[Chorus]
Red Carpet, on the Red Carpet they listen to me talking
All eyes on me when they see me walking
Gucci Gucci Louis Louis Finished Finished Office
Yeah, Red Carpet! on the red Carpet
Everybody listen to me when I'm talking
All eyes on me when they see me walking
Gucci Gucci Louis Louis Finished Finished Office
(On the Red Carpet) [4x]

[Verse 2]
I swag up I'm so here
Million dolla chain, nigga, fuck how you feel
Four niggas saying I'm doing no ain't niggas be Swaggin'
In zig zagging, Bitch it is classic ?
Back up! Everywhere I go Nigga Echo
S.O.D Game Do you flag go ?
Man we go Red T-Shirt to and Nigga Drop
And everything going in a mouth tap
So swag! Bitch is swag!
Man I'm in the club gone do my dance
Everytime going me nigga I'm swaggin'
Game money game montana' tell what's hanging?
This party crackin'... this party poppin'
Everybody going in.... and anybody stoppin'!
To the fucking morning...get it to yo honey
Everybody knows I'm America's most wanted, wanted

[Chorus]
Red Carpet, on the Red Carpet they listen to me talking
All eyes on me when they see me walking
Gucci Gucci Louis Louis Finished Finished Office
Yeah, Red Carpet! on the red Carpet
Everybody listen to me when I'm talking
All eyes on me when they see me walking
Gucci Gucci Louis Louis Finished Finished Office
(On the Red Carpet) [4x]

[Verse 3]
Everything good! man you know I came to win!
And I'm standing in the club with the big men team
And we with the shit yesterday we don't do it again
Everything gone me I'm going drop Teeeaaamm!
Everytime play! Kush rush fort I'mma putting it in the air
Kush rush smoke I don't know bout it care
Man I'm run around my city and feeling like that, mirror
And you know what I do! Know I'm getting man you own know with the crew ah ah
Anybody stoppin' anybody stoppin'
I'm walking in that swag out
SAM turn the trap it, On the red carpet!
Everybody see me rich I'm gonna I'm talking
Gucci Gucci Louis Louis finished Finished office
Shouts out the T.C you test it Big Homie, homie
Test it Big Homie! see on when I'm talking
On the red carpet... Ain't you can stop it!
Or you came know it... came out the water
I'm so pour it up.. on the red carpet
Mustard on the beat bitch...