[Intro]
I got that set, I got that set
I got them Benz, I got them racks
I got them stacks, Flocka, Soulja!

[Hook: Soulja Boy & Waka Flocka Flame]
I’m riding around with extendos (Riverdale), I’m riding around with extendos
I’m riding around with extendos, we’re looking for them fuck niggas
I’m riding around with extendos, I’m riding around with extendos
I’m riding around with extendos, we’re looking for them fuck niggas
Who, who want it, who want it, who want it, who want it like -
Who, who want it, who want it, who want it, who want it (swag) like -
I’m riding around with extendos, I’m ridin around with extendos
I’m riding around with extendos, I count a mill with my eyes closed

[Verse 1: Waka Flocka Flame]
I'm from Riverdale, pocket scale, two Glocks, that's some throwaways
Upperdale from Grove street, that’s Riverdale road next to the airport
Smoke kush like Pokes, (?)
I'm from Clayton Country Riverdale, nigga, I can't go broke
Nigga, what is all about? Mollies, weed, coke, BSM my code
Bad bitches are with hundreds on the floor
Smell that kush when I walk through the door (Flocka)
Throwing stacks nigga I got a sack, put a bandz in your head
For the bandz, make a best friend put a bullet in your head

Bow bow bow! Squad! Flex! Waka on that G shit
BSM in this motherfucker, SOD in this motherfucker man, we got that chop man, pull up boy
Ocean Mobb! Flocka! Flocka! Soulja! Waka Flocka! Flocka! Flocka! Soulja! Soulja! Turn up!
Put a hole in your head

[Verse 2: Soulja Boy]
I’m turned up to the maximum, I’m ready nigga let’s take it there
You shooting shots up in the air, I'm shooting shots up at your head
I’m everywhere you never at, on Red Billy on Black Jack
On red flag you know that, your pussy ass get toe tagged
You John Doe for that fuck shit, I pull up and I buck it
Soulja (Soulja) and Waka Flocka, pull over them long choppers
Niggas talking that fuck shit, until a nigga come buck it
I’m off the deck when Tony Montana came out the water with an automatic
Soulja, Soulja, will you make it rain? 55 diamonds in my motherfucking chain
Pow pow, nigga, bang, bang, Stacks On is the murder game
Know where I be, know where I am, know what’s up, you know everything

[Hook: Soulja Boy & Waka Flocka Flame]
I’m riding around with extendos (Riverdale), I’m riding around with extendos
I’m riding around with extendos, we’re looking for them fuck niggas
I’m riding around with extendos, I’m riding around with extendos
I’m riding around with extendos, we’re looking for them fuck niggas
Who, who want it, who want it, who want it, who want it like -
Who, who want it, who want it, who want it, who want it (swag)?
I’m riding around with extendos, I’m ridin around with extendos
I’m riding around with extendos, I count a mill with my eyes closed