[Verse 1: Drake]
Part of me wished I can meet with
All you haters in person, they got a lot of
Feelings for me they just ain't certain. How to
Express themselves when I walk into the club and
Take stares like the fuckin elevators ain workin
Yeah. Cause they know the promoter pays you, you wouldn't
Have come if somebody hadn't of made you, you just looking
Forward to seeing women that played you and shitting
On the men they get engaged to, I swear it's like. Uh
More confidence and less fear. We can discuss it further
When y'all manage to get here. Diddy here, O here
Skinny here, Rex here and we just having one of them conversations
About next year. I`ma kill it, I promise that`s how I know you
Mad. I've always treated my city like some shoulder pads. The
Big homie use a flash if you must and I swear I ain't asking
For much, all I want is the

[Hook: Trey Songz]
I want the money, money and the cars
Cars and the clothes, the hoes, I suppose
I just wanna be, I just wanna be successful
I just wanna be, I just wanna be successful
I just wanna be, I just wanna be successful

[Verse 2: Soulja Boy]
Hip-hop is like school, yeah I had to
Learn it. Beef is like a blank disc, yeah
I had to burn it. They finally showing me
Respect but I had to earn it. I'm heading to
The finishing line, ain't got no time for
U-turns. Today I realise that I'm not perfect
Everything I did to get here wasn't really worth it
Why won't they just let me be great. You fall down seven
Times you stand up eight. Realise true happiness lies
Inside of you. Everyday give yourself a mental shampoo
The birds singing after the motherfukin` storm gone. If you
Want to sing, you can always sing this song. Turn my swag
On, this my theme song, there`s 95 per-cent chance that I used to
Be your ringtone. I got swissel and cheese but I don't yodel
Heart tatted on my neck they love my vocal

[Hook: Trey Songz]

[Verse 3: Soulja Boy]
As I sit back and spit this crack and leaking
On the internet and watch my haters react
50 said they can't read between the lines so
I jab, uppercut, punchline after punchline
I know you thinking damn Soulja going hard
Right now. And I'm thinking damn this is just the
Start right now. Soulja Boy is going on a renegade
If life give you lemons make lemonade

[Hook: Trey Songz]

[Outro: Soulja Boy]
Uh, no one person on this earth can change their past
But every single person on this earth can start today
And change their future. That`s real shit. Beezy
Soulja Boy I tell 'em