Shoutsout to my nigga Jabar..

Its Soulja Boy I'm in this muthafucker live..
Let's get it!
Ocean Gang or drown, bitch!
S O D M G!

[Hook - Soulja Boy]
Niggas mad at, Bitches mad at me
10 chains, 5 rings, I'm the Swag Daddy
Bitch is talking down, but I'mma swag gladly
Niggas is talking down, Bitch I make my family happy
Niggas mad at me, bitches mad at me
10 chains, 5 rings, I'm the Swag Daddy
Niggas mad, bitch what I'mma swag gladly
I never gave a fuck, I make my family happy

[Verse 1 - Soulja Boy]
Ocean Gang, drown bitch, I'm back like I never left
Haters talking down, tell them niggas gonna kill they self
Never gave a fuck, I don't do this shit often
Came out the water like a pretty-ass dolphin
Swag on my fin, 10 on my ring
I done stepped in the club, god damn I made it rain
Ball like Major Payne, 2 straps like Max Payne
Niggas talking about me, SOD on me
SOD on everything man, this my life
God damn I love this shit, I wouldn't trade it for shit
I done fucked 20 hoes, word around the globe
Made a bitch touch her toes
Made her took off all her clothes
Ocean Gang can drown, I be standing on the stage
With a 100 million dollars like "God damn I'm paid"
Lil Dre be this shit, nigga fuck what ya heard
Talking down on my clique, get flipped like a bird, bitch!

[Hook - Soulja Boy]
Niggas mad at, mad at me
Bitches mad at me
10 chains, 5 rings, I'm the Swag Daddy
Bitch is talking down, but I'mma swag gladly
Niggas is talking down, Bitch I make my family happy
Niggas mad at me, bitches mad at me
10 chains, 5 rings, I'm the Swag Daddy
Niggas mad, bitch what I'mma swag gladly
I never gave a fuck, I make my family happy

[Verse 2 - Soulja Boy]
LV shades on and my pants saggin
Screaming "Ocean Gang or drown!" I'm the Swag Daddy
Niggas mad cause I ride, and my paint candy
Niggas talking down, bitch, my swag outstanding!
Looking like I done came from another planet
Looking like I done swagged about another million
God damn, I'm some shit that you've never seen
I'm so fresh, look like I came out your dreams
Lil Dre bitch, I'm my brother's keeper
AK-47, switched it for the heat seeker
I'mma find you if you talking down
I'm the swag daddy bitch, that's word around town
Disrespect SOD, bitch it's going down
I'm not Yung Joc, bitches going down
Swag nonstop in my fucking town
Welcome to my city: let's go smoke 100 pounds

[Hook - Soulja Boy]

[Verse 3 - Soulja Boy]
All that I'm hearing is Soulja Boy is getting cake
I don't ever go to sleep, how the fuck I'm gonna wake & bake
They call me Lil Dre, condo by the fuckin lake
The fuck you niggas smokin? Mission by the fuckin ocean
Bitch tried to kick me off the plane
Cause my pants saggin
Went and caught the private jet cause I'm the swag daddy
Niggas mad cause my swag's so outstanding
Pull up to the red carpet, hopping out the Phantom
I gives a fuck what you think: I do what I want to
Ride through my trap, throwing money out the sunroof
If I said it on the track, then I fucking mean it
Pretty Boy Swag: I'm so damn conceited!
And I look like a fucking genius!
Standing on the tv screen: nigga suck my penis
No homo bitch, bitch I'm rich, and I fucking mean it
God damn I smoke that purp, and that shit is stinkin

[Hook - Soulja Boy]


Bitch
I never gave a fuck, I made my family happy

Souljer
Swagger
Ocean
Jbar

I never gave a fuck, I made my family happy