[Hook]
Im working my wrist and Im working my wrist and im working and working my wrist (My wrist)
My bitch she bad as fuck and Im working that bitch and Im working that bitch (She bad)
Im working my wrist and Im working my wrist and im working and working my wrist (My wrist)
My bitch she bad as fuck and Im working that bitch and Im working that bitch (She bad)
Put it to work (Work!)(6x) Im working my wrist and Im working my wrist
And Im working and working my wrist

[Verse 1: Takeoff]
Takeoff! Whippin' and whippin' young nigga, young nigga
My city you know that we winnin' (Whip!)
Im feelin' like president Clinton
Young nigga my bando got bricks in the ceiling (Bando!)
Im drinkin' Im drinkin'
I sip and I sip the Actavis since it go feelin' (Lean!)
Im working that bitch she Brazillian
Bananana clip then its peelin' (GGlaw)
Put it to work 12 hit the block put the dope in the skrrt
I trap on the block, it fall out my skrrt then
I skrrt and I skrrt! (Skrrt, skrrt, skrrt)

[Verse 2: Quavo]
Whippin' and whippin' in the kitchen
I play with the pots and the dishes
Finessin' the plug for the chickens (Finess!)
Young nigga Im swypin' for milli's (Swype!)
I Ricky and Bobby the pot, my niggas be jiggin for knots (Knots!)
Young nigga be runnin' from cops 12 hot (Hot!)
Young pharaoh we kickin' in doors! (Pharaoh!)
24 K real gold (Gold!)
Yo bitch she be diggin' my gold
Now I got the bitch jiggin' me bold

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Soulja Boy]
Im working my wrist and Im working my wrist and Im working my wrist
Soulja got the juice
My diamonds like piss
I step out the whip (The whip)
Balley my kicks, Ferrari the whip
Im icey as shit Im icey as igloo
North pole I put it to work
My chain froze (Froze)
My chain gold and my wrist is hublot
My wrist hublot niggas dont know about hublot
30 bands, kick stands, In my longs with a smoke
Car bumping young pharaoh's Quavo, Migos, Takeoff
Hop inside the rari and I race them (Vrooom)
Young rich nigga shit, yeah we some bosses
Pull up to the club 10 chain free Offset

[Hook]