You know man
Nigga brought the internet to the rap game
Introduced everybody to this social media shit man
I feel like a young king with all this money

Fuck you niggas talkin bout?
100k nigga buy the large amount
What you talkin bout?
Walk up in the bank and I air it out
Fuck you niggas talkin bout?
Walk inside the mall and I clear it out
Fuck you niggas talkin bout?
Make a big transition by the large amount uh

Fuck you niggas talkin bout?
100k make a nigga walk it out
Quarter million by the large amount
Ridin in the Bentley with some money I cannot count
Rolex on my wrist you bitch
Flexin so hard I'm rich you bitch
You lookin on my neck and shit
I deserve my respect you bitch
Flexin so hard, pull up to the block go hard
And I'm livin so large, house like Debarge
Soulja Boy flex, 100k sittin on my neck
I'm ridin on a jet, that's why these niggas love to flex and finesse

Fuck you niggas talkin bout?
I been getting cash, I bring it out
Demand you bring the bands out
When I do the concert so it stands out
And niggas got they hands out
Like this a motherfuckin handout
Put yo motherfuckin hand down
Soulja Boy tell them niggas man down

Fuck you niggas talkin bout?
What the fuck you niggas talkin bout?
What the fuck you niggas talkin bout?
What the fuck you niggas talkin bout?
I've been getting money by the large amount

I have a concert then I pack the house
Yea I go and sell it out
Everything I want
Walk inside my house and I look at the vault
Everything I own
You niggas still with me, everything I own
100k on my phone, everything I'm right and you do this wrong
These niggas playin, gotta get money like every day
Steady be whippin the judge when I get it
We flippin this money, we flippin cake
What's that? The fuck you mean?
Fuck you talkin bout? I'm on the scene
In a Lambo, it was painted green
Had the SOD team ready with me

Pardon me, we getting out the studio
Hundred million hits in the studio
Got yo bitch and she lookin at my chain dog
Got that bitch, different colors like a rainbow
And my nigga old school like a kango
I shoot a pussy nigga in the anckle
What the fuck you think you think I really came for
Came for all the money and the change too
You know I'm Soulja Boy, I ride in that Range too
I could blow up the motherfuckin branch too
I be pulled up, sittin in the old school
I'm a nigga and I'm rippin up the pro tools
Got my niggas and they ready for it, war tho
And we pull up to the block and you know oh
And niggas don't know what you talkin bout
100k, getting money by the big ass amount

Fuck you niggas talkin bout?
What the fuck you niggas talkin bout?
What the fuck you niggas talkin bout?
What the fuck you niggas talkin bout?
I've been getting money by the large amount

I've been getting money with the big ass house
Walk up in the club and they know it now
I'm ridin in a car that I can't pronounce
Everybody know that it's going down
When I'm Cali bitches going up
All of my niggas, yea we turning up
Got money on deck cause we growing up
And we learning shit so we blowing stuff
Endorsements comin, money comin
I could buy the company, I could get what I want
Walk into the club and they know what I own
Walk into the club and they playin my song
Yea they playin my song
Cause a little nigga yea in the zone
And I go so hard, kush yea that's my cologne

The fuck you niggas talkin bout?
What the fuck you bitches talkin bout?
We could show you what it really is bout
Bring yo money out, show us what it's really about
100k up in the house, 200k sittin up in New York
I already know it though
SOD fuckin up the studio

The fuck you niggas talkin bout?
What the fuck you niggas talk bout?
What the fuck you niggas talk bout?
What the fuck you niggas talkin bout?
I've been getting money by the large amount

The fuck you niggas talkin bout?
What the fuck you niggas talkin bout?
What the fuck you niggas talkin bout?
What the fuck you niggas talkin bout?
I've been getting money by the large amount

What the fuck you niggas talkin bout?
Rolex hublot by the big amount
Gotta love a Vuiton with a big ass house
Young Soulja Boy tell em and I go so hard
And I'm throwin this out, gold in my mouth
Ridin in a new whip that I can't pronounce
Got a 2 M6 and a one V8
Got a V12 and it's sittin by the lake
Got a big ass house what I call estate
I swear, all you niggas is late
I swear all my niggas is early
Got a bad bitch on me and she act so girly
SOD gang I'm swirlin
Whirlwind, 360, come on swerving
Hurricane like hurricane
All gold everything like show me that drink ah