[Verse]
I been singing, been great, been learning
Been fucking with the vision, been late, been early
Been pushed and pulled a little, been high, been falling
Been had you on the [?], I had my ass [?]
Been spending, been made it back twice already
Been hated by the same ones who fuck with me heavy
Been on top of the world, Mr. Golden Boy, do no wrong
To Mr. I Don't Really Know His Song
Been Mr. Underdog, been Mr. Conference Call
Yelling at a CEO, been Mr. On The Ball
Been Mr. Pick It Up, been one to keep a rep
I show up when pressure's on, been the one you least expect
Yeah, Mr. Size 'Em Up, line 'em up, hit 'em out the park
I don't miss like a .36 chamber, Tony Starks
I used to dream while I was couch surfing
Driving with my girl in the heels, going house-looking
Now I got some bigger plans, learned it all from Jigga, man
I don't need a T4, I'm the fucking businessman
Ay, I got a joke for ya, Sway (Yeah) Knock knock (Who's there?)
What did my label say? (What?) You're dropped
I got a bucket of water for any snoozing
I could write a hit to 808s slapped over kazoos
Listen to my album, pick which song'll blow first
Better off tryna get in [?], tryna converse
That's my second JAY reference, don't test this
Label dropped me, now they look dumber than Lloyd Christmas
I don't point fingers, I just listen, do better
Used to text my mom to wire me funds for a new sweater
The don dada come up boy, flame emoji
Iron Sheik said it best, you's a lame jabroni
All these guys and all they friends, man, I came alone-y
No cosign, I'm popping, go blame my homies
They're the ones that made me do it
Back in '09, I was gon' go and quit this music
God slapped the shit out me and told me "Go get 'em"
Now I show up at your radio show rocking this denim
Your outfit look like you try
I done got this jacket here from a fan from Dubai
Dude I too fly, this ain't no [?]
I knew I had the Orange Julius since school high
Like I wasn't bending words before the hallelujah
I used to bump Drake in '07, what's it to ya?
Before I ever had a single yelling "Kama Sutra"
Me and pop had dreams bigger than some barracudas
Vernon raised me, made me and my homies fucking hungry
I guess lately, I been crazy, I been acting funny
'Cause everything you thought I was ain't what you called it, is it?
Mama took me to the doctor, thought that I's a midget
When I was 12, now I'm motherfucking 5' 11"
Just a random fact, but everything I rap is
Everyday's a practice, everyday's a practice
And uh, and uh, yeah, uh
Man, my raps ain't perfect
I'm tryna prove to these kids that they're worth it
'Cause we just lost Chester fucking Bennington
Don't let me get inside my head again
Got dark thoughts like black, [?]
Shout out to The Roots, shouts to Sway, bruh
And I be out like Soul if we...