("Get nothin' but abuse!")
Refrain 4x
Punks jump up to get beat down!
("Get nothin' but abuse...")

[Verse 1 – Sadat X]
One day when I was ridin' on the train I seen these two kids talkin'
About the Nubian reign had fallen
I didn't say nothin' cuz these kids caught my goat
Even wore my coat like a murder that they wrote
So this kid with mouth swagger 'n I'll blaze the cloak and dagger
So I gotta show Dukes the macho lot that I am
I can rock a jam, make the world drop ham
Oh yes, I'm the bad man, and bad men wear black
And if it comes to droppin' bombs, yo, I'm with that
Though I can freak, fly, flow, fuck up a faggot
Don't understand their ways I ain't down with gays
You wanna grab the style that was made from my mom and my dad
When I was young I used to run with a notepad
Then time flew and somehow I knew that I was bad to the bone...
Black prodigy since the age of twen-ty
I could write a rhyme, rip it up and write a next one
Right on the spot, sign my name with a dot
Diamond D threw me some smooth shit, Bronx crowd roar
Stick up your wack jam, everybody hit the floor
Okay it's you, Slim, the hard rock of the pack
Don't wanna kneel to the brothers, you must be holin'
Bust some shit in his chest, now his whole body's swollen
Why did I have to do it? He asked for it
His man saw it, so it don't mean shit to me
He's gone, that's how it's supposed to be....check it out now
I ain't goin' out, man that short shit is dead
Have you heard what I said? If not, ask the dread
He got a cannon that's bad...similar to the one that I got from my own dad

Refrain 4x

[Verse 2 – Lord Jamar]
Your punk ass'll be grass quick fast like my name was Flash
When a nigga try and rob me for my cash
You thought you had a sweet vic, a nice pick
But you didn't anticipate that I might be sick
Now who's the trick, cuz I'm not a ho. (No, no-no-no!)
I always do the fuckin', just might do the buckin'
I leave my Nikes stuck in your rectum, till you learn
Brand Nubian, yo, you gotta respect 'em
Dissect 'em, yo, our word is bond regardless
To my what, and do the Puma strut
So step the fuck off, before I punch you in your face
With the mothafuckin' bass!
Then you're gonna taste blood in your mouth, it's gonna flood south
To the ground, and you're gonna know I don't fuck around
So if you think you had two soft newjacks
We're gonna have top off you with a few cracks
To the jaw and you won't pop that shit no more
Explainin' to your friends why you're layin' on the floor
Did you want some more? I didn't think so
Just got whipped like a faggot in the clink, so
I suggest you take your bloody mess and find a piece of wire
Fix your broken jaw, then it's time to retire
Lord Jamar will live long, cuz I give strong blows the heads of my foes
Dread flows, gives me power as it grows
Watch how rass-cladda you catch the speed knot
Heed not, and hell will be your home
Lord Jamar, Sadat, as we swell your dome

Refrain 4x