[Hook: MeLa Machinko] - w/ ad libs
In my heart and in my mind
I'm gon' win, in due time
Show me the way, give me a sign
And I'm gon' shine, I'm gon' shine
I'm gon' shine, I'm gon' shine
I'm gon' shine, I'm gon' shine
I'm gon' shine, I'm gon' shine
I'm gon' shine, I'm gon' shine

[Verse 1: Pharoahe Monch]
Look man, do not get my block pissed, we'll blast your brain
Two hundred thousand dollar whips and chains
Crooked cops, Crips, crack cocaine
2Pac, Chris, I'm still feelin the pain
Seven year old girl, shot and slain?
What does it all mean? We go insane
In the struggle, the stress make him asthmatic
We're I'm from, we do not eat organic (talk about it)
You see my mama can not afford Whole Foods
She break fast for the bread, call it soul food
Where I come from ... let it breathe
Where I come from, no one runs when funds run low in lump sums
We chose to dump dumb dumb bullets dunn dunn
We livin hum drum in the slums
Where scum conceal stun guns
The words mum for fun son
Conundrums, AIN'T PRETTY!
In this cess pool called New York Shitty
I call it that cause it smell like SHIT!
Walk around hunchbacked or you might get hit (talk about it)
I knew a nigga sold crack to his moms
That same motherfucker sold crack to his kid
Lookin like three hundred comin back from his bid
Like "Pharoahe, let's get this money for real"

[Hook] - w/ ad libs

[Verse 2: Pharoahe Monch]
He said "Pharoahe, let's get this money up"
What the fuck, what you need me to holla at Steve Rifkin?
Hit him, "Escape from New York" like Snake Plissken
I told you from the gate that you needed more marketing
And these major labels are not listenin
Stood in a B boy stace, teeth glistenin
From the gold in his mouth, the summer breeze was whistlin
I contemplated my retort, eyes fixed in
On a crucifix around his neck, I guess he was Christian
Just then, the police siren had pitched in
To the soundtrack of the hood, so I spoke with conviction
Spoke as if I was 6'10" with thick skin
Put a little bass in my voice like pitchmen
Cause where I come from
Where I come from, we all come from
Sky, moon, the stars, the Earth and Sun
Multiple skin tones, your blood is one
The pen is the ammo to my automatic gun
Bring to fruition what I write to get me out of the slums
And I'm a shine, sh-sh-shine, shine, shine
Shine like the Sun, the world is mine
Each line of speech designed to transcend time
And reach, the unborn to transform your mind
And I'm a shine, shine

[Hook] - w/ ad libs

[Outro: Pharoahe Monch]
Now New York if ya in the house and ya turnin it out
Without a doubt, know what I'm talkin about
Just scream and shout and everybody say
Sh-sh-sh-shine, shine, shine

Now Detroit with the funky beats, gettin wild in the street
See the mark of the beast, say fuck the police
What up X?
Shine, sh-sh-sh-shine, shine, shine

Chi-town with the funky sound, soul by the pound
Just get on down with the w-w-woo! w-w-whoa!
Say sh-sh-sh-shine, shine, shine

West coast, side with the most
Holdin your toast, ya brag, ya boast
What the ..., what the whoa!
Everybody say, sh-sh-sh-shine, shine, shine

Dirty, ah ah, dirty (ya know) X2
Dirty, ah ah, dirty (come on) X4
I say, sh-sh-shine, shine, shine