[Intro]
You know, it's funny
It's like, when I {*record scratch*} on somebody
Everybody felt like I owed them answers to everything
But it's cool
This how MGK handles the situation
Haha

[Verse 1]
They be saying "Kells why you leaving now?
You bounced and never came back around"

Look I'm still in the city I just don't leave the house

"Well what's this talk about you acting all crazy?
They say you getting Hollywood"

Shit, fuck them, pay me

"I'm saying, you won't even collab with another artist?"

Wrong, it's just that half of these rappers out here retarded
There's only 2 reasons why I wouldn't do a song
Either it isn't beneficial or that money isn't long

"Damn, it's like that?"

Unfortunately it is
Cause no cheddar equals out to no food for my kid

"Hold up, you got a kid too? How old is you?"

I'm 19 but I deal with grown man issues

"Okay cool, at least we know you not no fool
But you look like a college boy, why you not in the school?"

Cause I was in the principal's offices more than the class
Wouldn't write a letter of recommendation for my ass
See most of the teachers hate me, right along with the kids
Cause my reputation outside of the campus was getting big
Biatch
Haha, yeah it's like that

"Oh it's like that?
Okay okay, but I ain't done brah"

[Verse 2]
"Okay, you're confusing me
I always see you in the hood
But you look like them white boys from Laguna beach
So what are you? A Thug or an 'Asher Roth'?"

Look, I'm none of that, I'm the whole entire catalogue
From front to back the perfect blend like camouflage
Because I'm still me, even when the camera's off

"Well I been hearing about some things
You false bragging where you from?
So what city is it? Help me understand this, son"

Look I was born in H-town, raised in the middle east
Seen every part of the world from the ghetto to the beach
But unfortunately that was all before I turned 9
So the experience wasn't appreciated by my young mind

"Yeah get to the point"

Chill brah, let me talk

"Well explain the two area codes thats tatted on your arms"

Okay my left one is for Denver and my right is for The Land
Better known as Cleveland, Midwest is what I am
Next time you wanna question, understand this fam
I represent cause those the cities that taught me to be a man

"Okay, I guess I didn't see everything on the plate"

Well next time you wanna question get your facts straight
Biatch

[Verse 3]

"Damn
I guess that was cool and all, I dig that
But you not off the chain yet homeboy"

Oh yeah? You got some more?
Aight, come on brah
Let's go

"So what you got besides your name that makes you think you so cool?"

I won first at the Apolo, what more do I gotta prove?
The first rapper to do it
Plus on top of that, I'm staring at my '09
Best live performance award plaque

"Yeah, well how many fans you got?"

Thousands

"Prove it"

I'm on every major blog with no album

"Sure, but anyone with a deal gets that respect"

Wrong, cause I did this without a major label check

"so you saying you not signed?"

No, I had no help
I earned everything that I got then I signed myself

"Damn, you must be ballin', wheres the chains and the whip?"

I'm far from rich and the only jewels that I cop's for my chick

"What about your boys?
How'd you get them all to be down?
How much you pay?"

None dude, we from the same side of town
And if win, split up the chips and for the moment live good
But if not, we still fam like we back in the hood

"Friends? I respect that
What about the haters?
Word is you got a couple cats jacking your flavor"

Hell yeah, a couple people out to down my name
Turn on the radio the songs and the style's the same
Befriended me to stab me in the back, they lame
Should be ashamed, but all is well
It's just the rules of the game
Man
Haha yeah, wow its crazy

"That definitely was crazy man
'Preciate you answering the questions though man
Clearing it all out
You gotta tell 'em your name tho
Go ahead"

Okay I got you bro
Let it be known
That you have been speaking with
M-G-K