[Intro: Collin Hilton]
I'm all alone (all alone)
In the unknown (the unknow)
So on my own (on my own)
Someone help me in my escape
I'm all alone (uh)

[Verse 1: Machine Gun Kelly]
What I'm gon' do now?
I'm going through withdrawls from this loneliness
I'm captain of my ship, without a crew now
Sinkin in the deep end, I ain't even in the pool
Broke the mirror cuz I'm sick of knowing all I got is you now
My knuckles bleeding, my back is against the wall
Screaming at my shadows, they ain't saying nothing at all
I'm going crazy, conversation when nobody talks
So tell me how my ears are ringing, when ain't nobody's called
Huh? Yeah
But in this life of mine, friends are expendable, living in a life of crime
Every morning pillows soaking, from the nights of crying
Knowing the choice is either jail or dying
But here we go

[Pre-Chorus: Collin Hilton]
Here we go, down this lonely road
Searching further for something more
In this dark world, I'm so alone
Can someone rescue me from my own

[Chorus: Collin Hilton]
I'm all alone (all alone)
In the unknown (the unknown)
So on my own (on my own)
Someone help me light the way
I'm all alone (all alone)
In the unknown (the unknown)
So on my own (on my own)
Someone help me in my escape
I'm all alone

[Verse 2: Machine Gun Kelly]
Yeah, in a position I wasn't ready to take
Pushin' the countless decisions I wasn't ready to make
But I do it, refuse it I can't
Its stupid as faith
This is the life I chose and I dont have room for mistakes
But everyday I wanna give up
Stomach hurtin like I did a sit up
Anxiety tightens my throat like a hiccup
Thinking about the things in my past I can't get rid of
Every single thing I eat I gotta spit up
And every time I get up my world is spinning, so where am I facing
Can't stop thinking, my mind is racing
Somebody come get me outta here, cuz now my only hopes of escaping is the sound of a (bang)
Please save me

[Pre-Chorus]

[Chorus]

[Bridge: Collin Hilton]
Where.. do.. I start to.. begin
When I thought I couldn't win.. I gave back in.. to.. myself
I can't wish it away.. maybe another day.. I'll wish this away

[Chorus]