[Verse 1]
Yeah
I do this for me, you don't like it that's fine
Go listen to somebody else
Playin' these notes for me, that's a note to myself
When you're breakin' down is when you're finding yourself
I know I've been distant with you
Every family picture makes it look like we're close but we aren't
I know it seems like I don't care but I take it to heart
Grew up together, we drifted apart
A lot of it's all on me, hang up the phone, opportunity callin' me
Why can't I give an apology?
Rich with love but around me it feels like a Dollar Tree
When was the last time I told you I loved you?
When was the last time I said this would change?
When was the last time I sat with you more than a minute with something to say?
What if you're gone tomorrow?
Would the pride in my heart start to fade?
Seems like we know what to say when somebody is layed in a grave
Can't find the words when they look at our face
I should be who you can count on, how can I?
I can't even count on myself
Isolated with the walls that I built
I lock the door and I hold it still

[Hook x2]
I'm scared I'm not the things that you need from me
I just don't know how to let you know
It's hard for me to tell you what you mean to me
And I'm scared that you'll never know
But maybe one day I could tell you
What you mean to me
And maybe one day I could show you
You mean the most to me

[Verse 2]
Have a lot to give, scared to give it
You were sick and I just didn't visit
I get it if you don't wanna listen
Just know that I made the wrong decision
Love is a beautiful word
Our actions make it hollow
Easy to say but it's harder to swallow
Cause you're in the hospital bed
And I'm like "Yeah, I'll call him tomorrow"
Sorry I couldn't be there for you (yeah)
Haven't seen you, I don't what I'll say to you
People think I got the answers like what do I say to you?
What do I say when I walk in the room like, how you been?
Why set the bar if I lose the grip?
All this hurt I can't let it in
I had this girl and I let it slip
Like I wrote you a song and now it just haunts me
I'm sorry I couldn't get back to you
You couldn't let go of your past
Ironic, I keep lookin' back at you
If I still think about it you still mean a lot to me
This was the best, but honestly it never brought the best outta me
3 in the morning we callin' each other like..

[Hook x2]
I'm scared I'm not the things that you need from me
I just don't know how to let you know
It's hard for me to tell you what you mean to me
And I'm scared that you'll never know
But maybe one day I could tell you
What you mean to me
And maybe one day I could show you
You mean the most to me

[Outro]
I'm scared I'm not the things that you need from me
I just don't know how to let you know
It's hard for me to tell you what you mean to me
And I'm scared that you'll never know