[Intro: Slim Gudz]
Hold up, hold up, hold up
I don't think y'all know what's going on right now
They got MGK in the booth
He about to go in
MGK light this bitch up, lets go
Brrrrrrrrrrrr

[Verse 1: Machine Gun Kelly]
Whoever!
Would've thought that a little muthafucker from The Land wouldda came up and made them stacks?
Never was warm in the city, so I had to get on the record and come blaze these tracks
And I'm all around haters everyday, but I guess that's just what fame attracts
But fuck that, where the bucks at?
Man I need that green in my box like Apple Jacks
Matter fact, see me in a ride so foreign you can't understand
6 speed hitting 60, 0 to 3, so come catch me if you can
Speak in ebonics, give a fuck what Mr. Webster said
Let a smart girl read my dick-tionary, I call that "Ms. Webster head"
Man I gotta get it, when I'm gonna get it, how I gotta get it, and whenever Imma do, I get that
Every moment I want it, cause every day I be grinding
So when you wanna make a move, I'm with that, yeah
Chip off the block
My story in the booth taking off the lock
And put the shit back on when I'm on the top
So I got the game cuffed up like the cops
And I don't fuck with them
But the Eastside? Yeah, I got love for them
Anybody wanna hate on me, then get on my level, but you will never ever, so I got scrubs for them
Yeah, and I'm from the city where all of the good die young and the old don't make it
So we just hang in in the middle ground
Ready for whatever boy, don't mistake it
Bitch I'm from Cleveland, bet they know what we claim
Cause we ryling muthafuckers, EST in the game
Bitch

[Interlude: Slim Gudz & (Machine Gun Kelly)]
MGK you killing 'em right now, you killing 'em
EST is the movement
Get with it or get lost
MGK you ready to go in? (Ch'yeah)
Lets load up another one of them clips boy
Lets go! lets go! lets go!

[Verse 2: Machine Gun Kelly]
Whoever!
Woulda guessed that another white boy out the Midwest would've done fucking numbers?
Everybody used to talk down
Now the whole world wanna be-fucking-come us
We the new team, EST
Line full of hoes outside the VIP
Everybody know I'm number 23 when I'm on the court ballin MVP, biatch
Let me take a little sip of the vitamin water and a little bit of the kushie and I'm good
Chillin up in the clouds, wanna fuck my day up?
Man I wish you would
Bitch I'm the man, no longer the kid
Must be the reason why all these grown folks on my dick
Shit, get off my ballsack
Y'all making my drawers sag
Call Saks, walk up in that bitch like 'gimme all dat'
I never had nothing
So what else you think a little kid with a dream gon' do?
Ball without a budget like "fuck it" the middle-finger-crew
Real people love me, the jealous try and degrade my name
Y'all must have lost your fuckin melons, boy
I am the game

[Interlude: Slim Gudz]
Are you serious?!
Shit, you think MGK don't run this shit?
MGK twist it up for 'em!
Leggo!

[Verse 3: Machine Gun Kelly]
They shoulda never let me get in the building with a stereo, a pen an' a pad and do damage
Can't nobody ever do it like I do it, since a young'un I been going hard, I'm the baddest
Everybody from around the way that I knew in the past call me my city's savior
But the people in the class wanna put me in the hall cause of my bad behavior