[Hook]
Look at where we at, look at where we been
Look at every place we roamed, don’t know where you at
I’m all over the map but right now, we finally home
Are we there yet? Hell yeah, are we there yet? Hell yeah
Are we there yet? Hell yeah, okay cool, we finally home

[Verse 1: XV]
Okay I’m back on my B.I., aw so plug in your two D.I’s
Lets take these niggas where I reside
The W-I-C-H is I, the greatest from my sis-side
The truest, you deny, than who is, down to blow like a match to a bomb
I set fire to the web, Match.com, we going up, you coming?
Better grab my arm to the place I ran, I’m the black Saddam
No wonder these bad bitches wanna hang
On a niggas’ ass like the bitches on my jeans
Riches on sag and my fitted on lean
Another album in the can, doing what you niggas can’t
Setting flames around here like So Glow
Played the game, say yes to a city that they don’t know
Right next to KC like JoJo, you phone everybody, says tell ‘em I am home bro

[Hook 2]
Look at where we at, look at where we been
Look at every place we roamed, don’t know where you at
I’m all over the map but right now, we finally home
Are we there yet? Hell yeah, are we there yet? Hell yeah
Are we there yet? Hell yeah, okay cool, we finally home
Car service on its way to me, brand new jeans with all room keys
We home but where haven’t we been? Tell shawty to get lost or get in
For the win, been gone for so damn long, passports and a carry on
Trying to be home, where haven’t we been? Tell shawty to get lost or get in

[Verse 2: XV]
Even Christ isn’t passsionate as I am
Bel to the air, Fresh Prince Will-I-Am
What you see, look at me from the sky cam?
A couple girls named Mary and a Tri-Lam
Every since I got my deal, I feel high as a necrophobiac’s light bill
Sleep on me like night quilts and I'mma get out my dreams
Without Ye or a Nyquil, now open up your pupils for your mentors
I’m coming for your soul like Dementors
With the hood on my back like the Sith Lords
Made it on top of my foes like fifth floor
Now stand up like a judge when you know the ending
‘Cause my Rockets come home like Toyota center
The hottest loser and the coldest winner
Turn the street lights on, I’ll be home for dinner

[Hook 2]

[Verse 3: Machine Gun Kelly]
Kells!
Say goodbye to the street lights, bye to the I can’t eat nights
So hello to new countries and new languages, I can’t speak right
Falling out the sky like cheap kites and now I’m in that um...
I’m don’t know, I'm bad with cars, but my backseat got some of the baddest broads
And up front, I got my fam with me, Cleveland with me
Two L’s and Cool J like Def Jam’s with me
I’ve been all around the world and back
Now I play all around the world with Shaq
One touch of this blunt right, here, pushed the curtains back
Feel like Aladdin with this Persian mat, blow O’s with XV
Head to the coast to jet ski and anywhere I go, my set be
EST tattooed right above my chest P, respect me or skate like Gretzky

[Hook 2]