[Intro]
Kells, to my fans
Hold me down mo'fucka
And that's all I say

[Verse 1 - Machine Gun Kelly]
When that crowd leave will you stay for me?
And if I don't become what they thought I was
In the time I should and my hype dies, would you wait for me?
Or be ashamed of me if I chose to bow out gracefully
Cause I know if I don't wanna lose myself
Then Hollywood ain't no place for me
What if I told you I ain't quit
And these drugs still was my rival
Would you regret the fact that you sobered up
And had more heart than your idol
Or accept the fact that I'm just human
Borderline suicidal
And is it blasphemous that these two fingers mean more to me than my bible?
Lord help cause I'm cause I'm hell bound
With the weight of the world I'm held down
Feels like I'm in hell now, maybe that's why I'm havin' this meltdown
Maybe that's why I hate fame, maybe that's why this J's lit
Cause I speak the real and get criticized
So I inhale and don't say shit
And I wake up, to the same shit
Cameras on with their hands out
And that fake smile that I hate now
Cause they the one say I sold out
They the one that will break out when I needed food for my daughter
And I'm the one who can't grow up so these fans replace my father
And these girls replace my momma, they give me love, I don't take it
Cause fuck love, these fucking hugs weren't around before I made it
And since I don't have no family EST is all that I got
Either drop me now or you down for life
Man it's EST or it's not

[Hook - Dubo]
This shit ain't right (uh)
Cause whenever their wrong, oh it's my fault (my fault)
This is my life (my life)
Now tell me are you gon' ride 'till the wheels fall off?

[Bridge - Machine Gun Kelly]
'Till the nightmares done
'Till the grey hairs come
'Till the friendship disappears that we've had since day one
I said this is my life
So tell me are you gon' ride 'till the wheels fall off?

[Verse 2 - Machine Gun Kelly]
What if this is our climax?
What if everything peaks here?
What if we never get big and these days add on like leap year?
What if you were in my shoes?
Do you think you can fit 'em?
Or would put that gun to your fuckin' head
And regret the fact that you in 'em
Cause this ain't living, this shit prison
Whatever you see in videos, this isn't
Whatever I thought I knew, shit I didn't
Dealing with the consequences of my decisions
Traded the life of a lonely child
That couldn't find anyone to get through
For a life that's filled with cameras
Critisize everytime that I move
For the love I got for my fans
And the loyalty for my man's
Equaled out to the shows we dreamed of
With them bodies pack to those stands
And I did what they say I can't
So I'm living proof that you can
Go be great, chase your dream
We only got one life and one chance

[Hook] + [Bridge]