[Intro]
I've made up my mind, don't need to think it over
If I'm wrong I am right, don't need to look no further
This ain't lust, I know this is love but
Should I give up or should I just keep chasing pavements
Even if it leads nowhere?
Or would it be a waste, even if I knew my place
Should I leave it there?
Should I give up?
Or should I just (ugh) keep on (yeah) chasing pavements?
Should I just keep on chasing pavements (x4)

“You know, it’s crazy, man
I never thought music could have got us this far
Y'all have no idea how many sleepless or hungry nights we spent
On the fucking floor and couches just trying to get to this point
But no matter how hard the road gets, you gotta stay the course man
Keep chasing these pavements ‘til you can’t run anymore
Lace Up!"

[Verse 1]
Uh, fall asleep until the dream comes
Muthafuck reality
Happiness, I think I need some
So I overdose on fantasy
My life's equation ain't complicated
Just a combination of hate is denominated as stated
No rest plus the sess and abusive prescription meds
Times stress equals out to be the muthafucking mess that is, Kells
The boy with no home
That's why I live in your speakers through this song
That's why they turn it up so loud the bass hits
And you can feel me when I'm gone
And when I die, spread my message like the Qu'ran
Muthafuckas getting paid, I'm just tryna get saved
7 years of living crooked, I'm just tryna get straight
All this crack in my city even though these street's paved
Makes me wonder if I should let all my life's dreams wait
Or should I -

[Hook]
Or should I just keep on chasing pavements?
Should I just keep on chasing pavements?
(Or should I) Just keep on chasing pavements?
Should I just keep on chasing pavements?

[Verse 2]
Bored out of my mind, I need a fucking job
But they ain't hiring shit, that's why I fucking rob
Had to hustle cause unless you got them test scores
Colleges only come around here looking for Brett Favre
For the next star, or if you 6'4"
And if you can pitch, but other than that shit you just pitch raw
That's what I'm pissed for (Why?)
Cause if you ain't worth a couple of dollars
These scholars looking like "what do we need him for?" (Huh?)
I'm saying, just because I ain't Kareem
You telling me I should give up on my dream?
You telling me I ain't shit cause I ain't working for degrees or on a team?
This country's flag is a joke
That shit should be painted green
Tell me when was currency valued over a human being?
When we stand for nothing, we falling for anything (Yeah)
But EST's for life and that's exactly what I'll scream
Misunderstood until they answer one thing (What's that?)
Kells

[Extended Hook]
Should I give up?
Or should I just keep chasing pavements?
Even if it leads nowhere
(Uh, I ask these mu'fuckas)
Should I give up?
Or should I (or should I) just keep chasing pavements? (Just keep on)
Even if it leads nowhere

[Outro]
I-I can barely talk by the way
My mouth is fucking... Closed cause I just had surgery
Ya know, muthafucka just got a record deal
We got dental insurance now, biatch!
Yeah, haha