[Intro:]Uh, hey yo, Imma make this verse outta every artists name who inspired me in the game, see if ya'll can count how many I name

[Verse:]
Uh, Kells
They don't wanna see a real muh'fucker winnin'
All the greats died but there's still one livin'
I spit reality when all the music nows gimmicks
It's kinda foul to see that what we do is all image
But I really live this, Jimi Hendrix 'till my lyrics hit 'em
Then Bob Dylan asked why I ain't on the television
Cause a premonition of John Lennon said the second you preaching the message is the minute you Zeppelin
That means on the stairway to Heaven I go back to the two family homes
Where my daddies cologne would cover up the fact we Rolling Stoned. I got places to roam, reading through a text on my phone from Billy Joe, saying 'You are the next Joey Ramone.'
Smoking Chili Peppers outta bong, Kiedis recognized the tattoo on my arm said Flea and em' told 'bout my songs
I turn around "What's it gwan' Bob?"
Getting gnarly with Marley, smoking barley, trippin' in the party with Steve Jobs
And they say "we need marriages in our lives" fuck dat!
Tell my bitch "I'm with Marilyn tonight."
Ringside yellin' to Muhammad, during the fight
Sittin' next to BIG and Puff, Bad Boys for life!
Black flags and dice, hashtags and flights, ripped pants and Nikes, a black pen and a mic
Cleveland my city, I tatted dat for life!
Real people with me, haters hashtag and type
Trashbags and fights, we fillin' this motherfucker
Me and hoes buying bottles we spillin' this motherfucker. Heard Nas even bought Lauryn Hill in this motherfucker
Like, good goddamn they filling this motherfucker!
Pac said "I live the Thug Life."
Aaliyah on my arm, boy I got a Thug Wife
Drunk nights with, Nikki Sixx, now he's on a heroin binge
Me and Morris are snorting anything we touching again!
An, Imma, Sex Pistol, everything I Sid Vicious
I'm making Johnny Cash haters eat my Limp Bizkit
Fuck with it or Gorillaz your decision
But I Will Smith & Wesson anyone of my opposition
And all these critics reframe from speaking my name
And these newer artists feel the same, they Nicolas Cage
Mean they Gone In 60 Seconds, get up out my way
If I ain't critically acclaimed, you're clinically insane
Bitch I ain't ashamed of where I'm from
I'm not ashamed I'm not a trophy fathers, trophy son
I'm not ashamed I got a daughter and support her instead of being a baller flaunting every dollar
Bitch I'm barbecuing cus I'm A1!
I can't front, this life we live is a blessing
Dreaming about the Future but everyday is the present. Whether they accept my music or they try to forget us
Here forever, bitch I'm a motherfucking living legend
Feel that! Uh, yeah this beat, I killed dat
Kanye made the beat let him heal that!
Uh, uh, let him heal that
Uh, uh, let him heal that
Yeah, now they say "Jesus walks" and I say "I'm so high I can't hear Jesus talk."

Uh, Tim West, wassup?

Kells the motherfucking, next up, Young Gunner!