[Intro: Dubo]
Drop me in and I give a fuck if I make it (I tell 'em)
Long as I'm going in then for granted nothing is taken (Uh)
Steady patiently waiting
Dodging shaking is satan (Ugh)
I feel the heat from the fire (Paah)
That's just the bread that I'm -

[Interlude: Machine Gun Kelly]
Woah woah, alright alright
You gotta stop it again man, stop it again... Damn
Now I know y'all didn't think we were gonna do this mixtape
Without bringing my team all with me did y'all?
Check it out, this is my mother fucking mans right here, DUBO!
And he's about to show you how we get down in The Land
100 Words And Running...
I'm gone!

[Verse 1: Dubo]
Drop me in and I give a fuck if I make it (I tell 'em)
Long as I'm going in then for granted nothing is taken (Uh)
Steady patiently waiting
Dodging shaking is satan (Ugh)
I feel the heat from the fire (Paah)
That's just the bread that I'm baking (Gah!)

Cool, calm and I'm chill (Chill)
Dotted like I'm the deal
An' I co-sign for mine cause my father was never there (Nah)
Polo riding my own (Yah)
I'll be solo riding alone (Yah)
But my dick got a couple bitches so I guess that I'm not alone (Yah)
Soda can in the freezer; I know I'm 'bout to explode
Bitch freakier than you think, It's a shame you didn't know (Oh)
Claim with your handle doors, but I'm candle waxing on her's (That's right)
You're giving her all your love, I'm just giving her what she worth (Burrrr)
Like a hundred ice dope chains I'm cold hearted (Uh)
I swear imma chore by my swag just thought it (Gah)
Quietly I'm shitting on them, privacy is what I need (Huh)
I participate in sessions, that don't involve seeds (Kush)
Niggas not tough (Tough)
They putting X on the me, they sip alcohol free, they order Daiquiri Sweet
I paid 'em no mind (Nah)
I react like I'm blind (Blah)
I relax and recline (Damn)
With a dime finders wine (Damn)
I get up like ceiling, no tree, I just leave (Leave)
I'm the sickest spittin' nigga, see this rhyme when I sneeze (Damn)
Imma need more than some Kleenex (Yah)
Virgin mammi said she ain't sucked D yet (Whaa?)
So I stuck the D in her V neck
I'm nasty (Euck)
And you know that... Dubo!

[Outro: Dubo]
I'm out this man
Holla at ya mother fucking boy
Imma end it like that
Yeah, Duh-Bo (Yah)
Yo (Yah)
Yo
Wha-what ho say? (Arh)