[Interlude]
Look
Who the muthafucka still broke? (You!)
Never hustled, never will blow? (You!)
Who's the latest underrated in the game?
And who's the greatest? The answer is...y'all know (Kells)
Who the muthafucka still broke? (You!)
Never hustled, never will blow? (You!)
Who the latest underrated in the game?
And who the greatest? The answer is my name...I know
(True!)

[Verse 1]
Cleveland got my back I put the weight of that on my shoulder
I'm an insomniac so I can't take a nap when I'm sober
They say sleep is the devil, I just made friends with Jehovah
Stop sleeping on me, I just broke bread with Hova
I'm talking Jigga man, hundred fucking million man
Hundred hustlers at Puff's crib, no civilians there
Do not get it twisted 'cause I never pose for pictures, man
I'm living the life you haters picture on the Instagram
Now these rappers tryna floss I see
Flirting with temptation, they Diana Ross I see
And I heard them names was fake and must've lost ID
And they must be employees 'cause they ain't boss like me (Kells!)
I call up Flex, he drop a bomb on it
Pick the song, bet I get everyone and they mom on it
Pick a city, I bet I show up and there's people screaming
And that's any given Sunday, I call that Willy Beaman
And I'm really speeding, lot of warning signs I ain't really reading
People wanna sign like I'm L.A. Reid
And I'm smoking this L.A. weed while I'm ducking LAPD
Fucking hoes, UCLA foreign exchange students European
Champagne is European, all of my bitches peeing
Eleven hundred dollars now my toilet is Veuve Clicquot
I just called up The Weeknd and told him call off the weekend
I'll call a hundred bitches, and all of them Puerto Rican
I am the Wolf on Wall Street, penny stock flipper
One that ran up in Interscope and left with seven figures
Managed to keep it real in every one of his lyrics
Now I can't say it but you know I'm that muhfuckin...(yeah, yeah)
Fuck a magazine we load a magazine in the clip
I ain't average man, I produce gasoline when I spit
Put fire verses on trampolines and I make a flip
Life on the edge like I build a mezzanine on a cliff
I'm just talkin' now 'cause it ain't even ten in the morning
That means I wrote this shit the same time e'rybody yawning
That means while you was eating cereal I was recording
I'm 23 and in my prime, that means I'm Michael Jordan

[Interlude]
Who the muthafucka still broke? (You!)
Never hustled, never will blow? (You!)
Who's the latest underrated in the game?
And who's the greatest? The answer's my mothafucking name (True!)

[Outro]
(The trap is hot)