[Intro: Machine Gun Kelly & MOD SUN]

(MOD SUN)
Man, Kells, come ‘on, get off the bus, bro, lets go!

(MGK)
Bruhh, I’m tryin' get chill and get high motherfucker

(MOD SUN)
Get high on the way bro! (laughs) You driving!

(MGK)
Ill catch ya’ll in a second

[MGK] Mad good vibes in this building!
[MOD SUN] Yea, that’s what’s up!

[Verse 1: Machine Gun Kelly]
(Aye!)
I go to sleep in the morning, and wake up when I wanna
I am my own employer, I be high off marijuana
Shit I might start my day off at the crack of 6:00 PM
And spend per diem on 24 hour breakfast, look
8 plates, and you can’t have a taste
Only bosses keep a bong inside they work place
I just wanna eat some mushies in the Mercedes
Trippin' down Venice like a menace 'cause of earthquakes
I need a dentist 'cause I chipped all of my teeth on the tour
Probably from all them nights of passing out on the floor
Took some acid in Minneapolis, that was with Mod
And got locked in the freezer, I swear to God

[Verse 2: MOD SUN]
I go to sleep in the morning, and wake up when I wanna
My name is MOD SUN (What?), and I’m a fuckin' stoner
What you doin' with your life if you ain’t gettin' high
(what you doin')
I don’t buy from anybody, I am the supply (Bitch!)
Hair longer than ya girl, but I am the guy (Bitch!)
Smokin' in the car, riding, bumpin' “Do or Die” (Ah!)
I’m so fuckin' high (WHAT?!)
Who the fuck am I? (Bitch you MOD SUN!)
Oh that’s fuckin' right!
Man Kellz I told you, I said that’s fuckin' right!

[MGK]
(laughs) Yea, aye MOD SUN, I gotta come up with this hook

[Hook: Machine Gun Kelly]
I be like, I be like
If you smokin' put them J’s in the sky, (Hands up!)
Put those motherfuckin' hands up high
(Nah, fuck that) I be like
If you smokin' put them J’s in the sky, (Aye! Yeah, uh)
Everybody in this bitch get high, (Yeah I like that)
If you smokin' with them J’s in the sky, (Whoa, Whoa!)
Everybody in this bitch gettin' high
(I be like, I be like)
Me and Mod be like
If you smokin' put them J’s in the sky
Everybody in this bitch gettin' high, (Aye Kellz [?])
If you smokin' with them J’s in the sky
Me and MOD in this bitch gettin' high (You hear this or what?)
If you smokin' with them J’s in the sky, (What?!)
Me and MOD in this bitch gettin' high (Aye, aye)
(Man, bring that shit man!)
(Uh, we be like) If you smokin' with them J’s in the sky
Me and MOD in this bitch gettin' high (You out there or what?)
If you smokin' with them J’s in the sky
Me and MOD in this bitch gettin' high (Ah!)
If you smokin' with them J’s in the sky, (Aye, Aye)
Me and MOD in this bitch gettin' high (I be like, I be like)
If you smokin' with them J’s in the sky, (Aye, Aye)
Me and MOD everyday gettin' high (Ahh!)
I be like, I be like x3
(laughs)

[Outro: Machine Gun Kelly & MOD SUN]
Grouch, you want something to drink?
Yup! Here!
(muffled) It’s like uhh, earthy …
Goin', goin' healthy sucks! (laughs)