[Intro]
I've known Kells since I was like eleven. We met in like sixth grade you know what I mean? Kells held me down a lot, my cousin Mikey held me down a lot. And that's really it, people fall off real quick when you're in here

[Verse 1]
Ay tell'em Im'a need a minute, damn
My heads fucked up
I be thinkin' jail whenever hear'em say they need a sentence
I be in the booth zoned out
They say they just need a couple lines
And all the years on the road got me thinkin' blow
Even though they just wanted some bars like jail time
See there I go, somebody take this drink from me
I love my bitches all
Please God don't let them take none of the pink from me
And since you need a filler for the dead space
Sorry I had to get my head straight one of the homies back home caught a fair case
And how I'm suppose to feel
When I'm in Hollywood tryna get a couple mil
And I just got a call that my dawg got killed
And maybe it wouldn't have happened if I wouldn't have been out'chea but
Even still, even back when Dub had a job cuttin' steel
Even back when we was on the block up the hill
On Hundred Thirty-First there was blood gettin' spilled
I ain't re-invent the wheel mothafucka
This is how it is where I live mothafucka
Semis and the blue nose pit mothafucka
Just in case they run up in the crib mothafucka
Got kids mothafucka
Fuck you think you knew about me?
Got a question? I don't even want to talk to you, ask them
They the ones that grew up around me
Kept it one-hundred percent same crew till the end
Kells

[Interlude]
It's deeper than that, you know what I mean? In so many years and all the shit we been through. That's definitely my brother. I do for him, he do for me. And it was always like that. Ain't shit change. Same mothafuckas we grew up with. We're still boys
He never really been for the bullshit, he's one hunned

[Verse 2]
Ay Im'a need about an hour
And a first class ticket, wait
Make that a jet and a champagne shower
Oh I ain't rich yet
Fuck it I can make a dollar and a dream work
I was on the cover of the double X-L
I ain't talkin' 'bout the big T-shirt
Lace up I'm finna run circles 'round squares in these Nike Airs
Finna go hard with my dawgs that were right there
Finna treat songs like a mothafuckin' pound
And flip an empty house to a mothafuckin crowd
Know what I'm talkin' 'bout ,yes sir
Errbody better pay respect this year
I be in the Land with a steel texture
Object in the waist just in case they test first
Bitch I'm from the east side, east side, watch First 48
I owe nobody, just know I rep, rep OH, get it?
Fuck it if you don't I'm just ventin' like I use to do like these
Rappers I will never mention
How stupid are you?
To think i would give you my attention
When you're nothin' but a peasant and I am a fuckin' legend
Can you feel that?

[Interlude/Outro]
Once we got to our high school, they weren't teachin' shit. So we would just go do whatever, get some money, whatever. But we were was always good at kickin it though. He would want to battle and shit, you know what I mean? Like he said he wanted to rap, so we would push into random battles at school. You know what i mean? I just knew one of us would make it in something. You know what i mean and i just felt that