{Intro}
Ladies and gentlemen! Introducing, James! Who has a few things to say, in the mic, today
Hi kids! My name is James! And you might know me as the sheep on the internet. But I'm making a new disstrack, because the last one was bad... so here we go!

[Verse 1]
Hi kids! I’m about to teach you about a real bad man!
When it comes to their content I'm not a fan
They curse, they bully, and they blaspheme
And they give off those adult themes!
I'm not mean, I’m just tryna expose you a little!
I'm gonna put you back in preschool, Hey Diddle Diddle!
Now Ima ruin your channel, cause you copied mine! Now you got more subs and ruined my chance to shine!

[Hook]
Your name is
Your name is
What's your name
It's Detergent
Your name is
Your name is
What's your name
(Leave me alone..)

[Skit]
Now kids, now that you've learned about what happened between me and It's Detergent, I think it's time for Lesson 2
Are you ready? (Yeah)
I said are you ready?! (YEAH)
Let’s go!

[Verse 2]
Half the things you say makes me think you’re high!
You're not tough, you’re as soft as Roomba's thighs
You're not in The Croo, you're not in our group
You know what’s more entertaining?
A piece of poop (NO!)

[Skit]
You know, sometimes I think. How come Lazlack or NiftyRobo or someone like that makes a video on me, but not on someone as bad as It's Detergent
I mean... I get it. I make a lot of bad videos, and I say a lot of stupid things.. But doesn't It's Detergent deserve it a little bit more? I mean come on...

[Verse 3]
(Ay) Somebody grab her the clippers, her fucking hair is weird
Tough talk from a critic who got 9k in a year
You and Detergent both suck. Yeah Lazlack you right
That's why it took Krissy a month to respond to the fucking fight

[Skit]
No. no... I can't use this. This fucking, This beat has a bad reputation

[Intro to Verse 4]
Omigoshitsjames252 is a faggot. (Shut the fuck up)
Your fans become your haters
I did not steal your jokes from your Spechie video. Stop saying that
I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna do-

[Verse 4]
Roomba just hit me on a text
She wanna put her C-cups on her neck
Wait, you wanna fight? I'm surprised!
In the videos you're mean, and in the DM's you're nice, like..
Damn. baby, I don't understand
Now you wanna fuckin' hate, but at first you're a fan, like..
Fuck, your art don't give people boners
Now go on, Kimchi. Go find your owner
Hey, hey, take a hit, name yourself after cleaning shit, and be shit
That's why you never ever do shit
That's why Simply Dad thinks you're shit

[Outro]
I mean, you are. Hopefully you've learned your lesson. (Laughs)

I owe all of my success to omigoshitsjames252