Why you talking shit about five or six shots?
I'mma show you how to fuck up a whole block
First you get an AK with the whole hundred rounds in it
Pour up, drink. Headshot, drank. Sit down, drank. Stand up, drank
Pass out, drank. Wake up, drank. Faded, drank. Faded, drank

A lil’ nigga shining like the diamonds in my watch
Plus the mollys make her turn it up a notch
Got a thick Yellow bitch that sucks dick and take pride in
Pussy deep and wet that I just dive init
Pussy nigga hate, fuck around and get popped
Okay, my young niggas from the block
Money come in all hundreds, no twenty, ten’s or five’s in it
And she ride this dick , but her license’s suspended

A nigga living reckless trying to get these stacks
Left your bitch naked laying on her back
‘cause I don’t want the pussy, I just want the head
I pulled up in that Fisker, made ‘em turn their head
Bitch, I’m turned up every day, big bands on my entrée
Penthouse where my truck stay, electric car in my driveway
And you ain’t fucking with my clique, you ain’t fucking with my hood
You ain't gettin it like this pussy

Pour up, drink. Headshot, drank. Sit down, drank. Stand up, drank
Pass out, drank. Wake up, drank. Faded, drank. Faded, drank

Sippin' purple by the gallon smoking A1 crop
In the hood with my niggas on the block
Louie bag with a strap, some cash and a nine in it
Cause out here you just gotta grind to get it
Thank four dub g, thank my family and thank God
But they in it for the chain and the watch
Diamonds clear like ice bitch and ain't flaw in it
Drinking dirty sprite with nun' but raw in it

The street done got me on payroll
All my nigga down for life, Fabo
You put down the mic, you gay type homo
I’m still the same nigga from day one, ho
Ain’t nothing gonna change a real nigga
And, oh, you fake, this ain’t your field, nigga
I'm finished, looking for another Swisher
She trying to pop a pill, I pass the liquor and say

Pour up, drink. Headshot, drank. Sit down, drank. Stand up, drank
Pass out, drank. Wake up, drank. Faded, drank. Faded, drank