(Bangladesh!)
No, not Bangladesh! Bangley
Yo, Brain Bang!
Yo Myspace's been blowing me up
Telling me I had to do it
And since I'm a real democracy
I figured "I might as well"
You know what I mean
It goes like this

A million here, a million there
Yeah, you got a mil but for real dog nobody cares
If you don't share, don't donate to charity
Children who can barely eat, no shoes on their feet
We don't see, we don't read, we don't really need to
Self-centered humans be the root of all evil
In this industry, we just feed our egos
Got a 7 series and a brand new pea coat
With that "oh, oh look at me yo
"Heard Ash on milli he ain't talking 'bout me though"
Yes I am, yo, you call yourself a man
But it ain't about the money, it's about what you stand for
This is for my people who can't afford pampers
Wake up in the morning got my clothes out the hamper

Money ain't the answer, still ain't cured cancer
I ain't got a mil but I'm a pretty good dancer
My advance lasts me about a week
After taxes and my bills and a big sack of weed
I am back to where I began
Chilling watching CNN
Thinking damn, we are damned, not again
How is George Bush not in jail for treason
But Clinton gets impeached for busting semen? uh

A million dead, a million scarred
A million bars till' you realize you took it too far
With your cars and you guns, ha, hardy-har-har
Til' I'm dead and I'm gone I'mma party too hard
Life's short, have a ball, matter fact, have two
Yo the government don't care, here's a big "Fuck you!"
Cause gas is 4 bucks, but they still drive trucks
Dumb and dumber in your hummer, yo I bet that sucks
Spend a milli at the pump
In the city you don't need that
Buy a fucking bike, maybe you wouldn't be fat

Yo homie where the weed at?
Yeah I need to relax, motherfucker I'm chill

(Just relax b, are you done yet?)
Nah
It's just these stupid motherfuckers never get it
It's pathetic
Yo they get to the pros and don't do shit
Like they Redick
When I get that check
I'm gonna take it right to the medic
Cause these sick kids need it more than I need a necklace
Y'all need to respect this
I'm Asher Paul Roth, yo, I'm always on the guest list
Yeah I got a checklist
Stay getting checked, bitch
Keep your mouth closed don't let yourself get checked bitch
Rap's Wayne Gretzky, yes, I'm the best and
Only 22, almost Alex Ovechkin
I suggest y'all invest in some self-esteem
Intervene with Charlton Heston's
Plan to arm every man with a handgun
Who kills people, the gun or the man? um
I'm the best sword fighter in the land, come test me
I'll be drinking wine while practicing my fencing
And driving a jet-ski, straight multitasking
"How are you so good?"
I don't know, don't ask me

A million here, a million there
Yeah, you got a mil but for real dog nobody cares
If you don't share, don't donate to charity
Children who can barely eat, no shoes on their feet
We don't see, we don't read, we don't really need to
Self-centered humans be the root of all evil

Motherfucker I'm ill
What up Bangly?
Your welcome