[DJ Cannon:]
Holla At Me!

[Intro: Asher Roth]
Yo, Cannon!
What would this mixtape be, if I didn't get on the one beat
That everbody gets on? (DRAMATIC!)
You know I had to, dog...

[Hook: Asher Roth] (X2)
You know the world's gone mad
When blacks wear plaid
And Mariah has married Nick Cannon
Or when a boy from the burbs
Has the nerves to converge
On a mixtape with DJ Cannon? (The CANNON!)

[DJ Cannon:]
Alright... Now if you really feel like that, keep going!
I don't know what else to tell you, go in!

[Asher Roth:]
Yo, Cannon!
What would this mixtape be, if I didn't get on the one beat
That everbody gets on? (I don't know, homie!)
You know I had to, dog... (STEPS BACK!)

You know the world's gone mad
When blacks wear plaid
And Mariah has married Nick Cannon (GET EM!)
Or when a boy from the burbs
Has the nerves to converge
On a mixtape with DJ Cannon? (CANNON!)

Aww, god damn it
That's the last straw, can't stand it
You all must be reprimanded
Spank that fanny, Manny
So uncanny, Ginobli flow left-handed

Yes, I am a fan of Dakota Fanning
And I Am Sam, outstanding!
My Sean Penn-manship is fancy
Yeah, my rhetoric is dandy
I circumvent my words (TRENDSETTER!)
And vent for the burbs
I have emerged Ad Venti
Dos años, vamos, pronto, let's go
Her lip gloss tastes like candy

Got more jazz than Jerry Sloan
Pizzazz and swagg alone
I have a bigger head than that of Barry Bonds;
Y'all eat scraps, I eat (SALMON!)
With fresh fruit, covered in (DANNON!)
If Dubois had a boy with Brad Pitt in Troy
Then out from the loins, I'd be born;
If Jason Bourne was to record and join forces with Zack Morris
They'd form my performance

Beats and rhymes fornicate, form greatness
Like, "Let's face it... He's so amazing! "
Yeah, with Lasiks, he still can't ace my eye exam
Naw, man, let's try again;
I've got lungs like Iron Man
I hit the bong, while you must extend your dia-phragm
But, let's get higher, man;
I gotta a brand new strand that I got out in Ireland
From a wild, frantic Irishman
Who said his name was (SHANNON!)

Higgins, Killians, and a pint of Guiness
And I ain't gon stop 'till I'm finished;
'Till I learn Yiddish, or find a little kid who likes spinach
Can't nobody beat me in Quidditch
Not any widditch, spidditch, wits, I'm sick with' it
Riddi-dick, my spit game is vicious

This is
Never did shit for my image;
College kid is where I found my niche, SNITCH!
Tell the whole world I'm the shit, Un-
Tell the whole world on my dick, then
Hell yeah, word, I'll be rich, and
I'll buy the whole world Sega Genesis
Spittin' Lincecum
Hell yeah, I got a (CANNON!)
See me on the streets, take a pic with yo' Canon
Then get it laminated, frame it, save it
Cause in a couple days, I'll be famous

Then you can say, Holy Shit, there he is! That's the kid!
I forget what his name is... starts with an 'A', ends with a 'Sher'
Bringing hip-hop into the burbs