[Verse 1: Mistah F.A.B.]
Last night I had a talk with the reverend
Ask him when he die, how he know he making it to heaven?
He said just keep faith, and continue paying tithes
It was all about the money, I said nigga yeah right (damn)
Crazy world, how I'm 'posed to raise my baby girl
With minimum wage?  Got me going nutty as a squirrel
From the city of dope, my role model Lil Darryl
And niggas like hillbilly from my borough
I'm just praying to God, and I'm hoping that he listen
Damn near broke my granny heart when I said I ain't a Christian (what?)
Ain't tryna argue bout my views on religion
But my daughter need some shoes, to match her True Religions; I
Told my mama I'mma keep God first
But Mama, I done kinda lost faith in the Church
All this crooked stuff they doing man, it really do hurt
But I'm thankful I'm alive cause it could be worse

[Hook: Mistah F.A.B.]
Sometimes I feel like God don't love me
If he did, why would he let the world fuck me?
Errybody that love me it seem like he took from me
Sometimes I feel like God don't love me
Then I realized... it ain't God, it's his people
This whole world turned evil
Just cause you neighborhood watch, man that mean you could kill a man? (RIP Trayvon)
The type of shit that make me want to kill a man

[Verse 2: Blast Holiday]
Still remaining on my knees with it
Hat and wrists same C stitches, like I
See different, locked door cause the key missing
Not a prophet but I seen visions
Louis XIII, bet you'll love me by the 13th
Bars spectacular, brother stuck on the yard
Gotta scrape when it's stuck to the jar
Times hard so I gotta go hard, grinding with bars
No lying involved, Mount Zions of raw
So I push it in a hoodie for Trayvon Mar
Black face, everyday I'm marked
Like Oscar Grant on BART, life got no heart at all...
Just hate, wolves in sheep clothing
Main reason why all the Gunnas toting
Felons on parole, ain't none of us voting
Like a penny with a hole in it, hopeless

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Young Buck]
Product of my environment, man I'm trapping until my retirement
The feds want me locked up until my expirement
Don't fit the requirement so I'm chased by sirens
Niggas laced with diamonds in this race for shining
Lost a lot of my life, my mama cry at night
To know her son on the way to the penitentiary...
Shot my car up at night, bullets all through the windows
When I'm riding thanking Lord don't let nothing hit me
Praying everyday, but it feel like don't nothing hear me
Riding with the backseat rider tryna steer me
Rolling with the roof open, niggas tryna kill me
I refuse to play the hand these crackas tryna deal me
My niggas cooking the coke, they pushing the pound
Got the block in a headlock, they whooping the town
Got a ? who grew dreadlocks, like look at me now
You just got out the pen, but they booking me now, damn...