Young Buck, (?) King David

He is a depicted as, as a righteous King, although not without fault, as well as acclaimed warrior, musician, poet, traditionally credited for composing many of the songs

(First Verse)

An arrow to the heart
It's time for me to dearly depart
I predicted when the killing would start
Put me in the dark
Sit still like a coupe DeVille in park
Just put some oil in the motor, and he still a (?)

Big Dog don't want to feed his puppies
So they lookin' in the trashcan hopin' to get lucky
Ugly, what they sayin' about the work
Cause there's nothin', now the robbers go to church askin' God throw 'em something

I propose to the money, let me make it my wife
I spend my whole life tryin' to fuck a Condoleezza Rice
Life, I try to keep 'em on, they turn 'em off
I left (as) a soldier, just to only return as a boss

Rage, got these crackas tryin to put me in a cage
Piecin' out a brick of (?) to make a nigga hay
I was tryna let ya know a nigga on the stage
I got my mind on getting paid, for my heart full of (Rage)

I wonder what my momma gon' think about this?
I wonder what my partna' gon' think about this?
I wonder if tomorrow, Ima think about this?
-Not a verse in the bible I miss, now look at King David, if I could make a wish, I'd take away the (Rage)

But then proceed to load the 12 gauge
Hungry niggas tryna see how much a nigga cell pay

Buncha boosters, so the kids get they clothes cheap
Snitches in the streets got the Feds ridin' fo' deep
No sleep, police knockin' on the door, it's a battle and a war
Make 'em pile it the floor

Best friend' obituary on the dashboard
I see his face in the glass as I fast-forward

(?) my kids like, so I ask, Lord
Please stop me from makin' these people empty out this cash drawer

I'm thinkin (?), you thinkin' that car, I'm thinkin (?), you thinkin' that star, respect will take you far

The rage will make a broke nigga (?) it off
If you been settin', I don't gotta set it off
I left (as) a soldier, just to only return as a boss
Now they askin what it cost, but my heart full of (Rage)

I wonder what my momma gon' think about this?
I wonder what my partna' gon' think about this?
I wonder if tomorrow, Ima think about this?
-Not a verse in the bible I miss, now look at King David, if I could make a wish, I'd take away the (Rage)

(The boy David is bringing food to his brothers who are with (?). He hears the fisting (?) jackal laugh challenging. Send our own champion to decide the outcome in single combat. David says he's prepared to face Goliath.)

Back in the rap game to start a riot
Radio didn't want to try, but I didn't buy it
Been workin' all these years just to get fired
Convicted felon, so it's hard for me to get hired

Boarder patrol been checkin' in the big tires
Makin it hard for Americans, so we turn to violence

Ask you, if you're scared to die, and all I hear is silence
But when you on the block, (you) portray to be the wildest

Since the jail (?) and they say I'm childish
Cause I don't see no other way to go around this

Just walkin' through the projects and a nigga found this
First time I ever learned what a whole pound is

Young nigga, barely I was even 'round kids
Left me with an old soul, that's what my sound is

Still a soldier, but I gotta show 'em who the boss
They say the reason that ya lost cause ya heart full of (Rage)

I wonder what my momma gon' think about this?
I wonder what my partna' gon' think about this?
I wonder if tomorrow, Ima think about this?
-Not a verse in the bible I miss, now look at King David, if I could make a wish, I'd take away the (Rage)

(You know Goliath falls, and David kills him with his own sword, and beheads him, the Philistines flee in terror. (?) to know the name of the young champion. And David tells them, I am the son of Jesus.)