[Verse 1]
Okay, you wanna act trife and flip the script
With your Wonderama drama slash coma riff
That you're kickin like Pelé, flows even Bo knows
My versatility capability is simply bourgie
Y to the o-u-n-g, another G-to the u-n-s
Let's back up, shortie, from the naughty like shorty
Berry Gordy with a forty gettin papes, oh Lordy
Claim you shoot more rounds than an Uzi
Stop the violence, 'cause ya can't do me
New York to L.A. say what I play
So catch a runaway smooth like a Billie Holiday
You couldn't bag me, boy, with a hefty
Train like Rocky but still can't step to me
So take a hint, money, leave it alone
And play like Stephanie Mills and find a 'Home'
Plus I never boogaloo with Yakub
We're mixed with the tricks in a alphabet stew
When I design a army I can reign
But never have more beef than Saddam Hussein
The night cap, so prepare for a cat scan
When I turn your brain into Moogoo Gai-Pan
Finger-lickin' the papes like there is no other
Mecca and the Soul Brother

[Scratched Hook]
(Heavy D: "Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth...")
Mecca and the Soul Brother
("Heavy D: Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth was on stage drinking Cisco")

[Verse 2]
Schizophrenic, on a panic I do work
When you lurk with the professional ceremonial expert
The bold swinger
The Asiatic acrobatic lover won't sing the blues when I tap it
Save the mystery for Agatha Christie
Gimme a break, better wake Chief Kanisky
I'm not your ordinary modern day cliché
'Cause I'm here to save you little lost souls anyway
Go with the flow with the fleets when it executes
Any comp livin got buried in black suits
The limelight, never let it confuse you
It's a _Fantasy Island_ without a Tattoo
The hardcore few tend to look for
'Cause troop can't buy a knuckle game in a store
Making movies like your name is Faye Dunaway
Then hear the rumor echo in the project's hallway
You want a fast break, me no static
But Mister Whipple can't dribble like Magic
I yolk em up in domination, nerds got scrambled
The Tony Randall left in shambles
Finger-lickin' the papes like there is no other
Mecca and the Soul Brother

[Scratched Hook]
(Heavy D: "Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth...")
Mecca and the Soul Brother
("Heavy D: Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth was on stage drinking Cisco")

[Verse 3]
Let me see..
Pete Rock is like salad dressing when I toss another lesson
Ready or Not, prime time After 7
I pull women like a wisdom tooth
Without any conversation with Doctor Ruth
Making island girls wind with the glamity
'When Doves Cry', Apollonia and Vanity
Picture the Mary Jane frame on a mantle
Consider me a vandal the Virgin can't handle
And never clown downtown with Pat Sajak
Popping that yang riffin "Homie don't play dat"
So don't gas the kid to make a movie
While I'm smackin a booty who just love to rock a doobie
Even though I make petty cash like a beggar
With no stash, I make a Air bet and knit a sweater
So the night cap of rappin', no slackin', backin'
Hand clappin', feet tappin' Chief and Captain
Could finger-lick the papes like there is no other
Mecca and the Soul Brother

[Scratched Hook]
(Heavy D: "Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth...")
Mecca and the Soul Brother
("Heavy D: Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth was on stage drinking Cisco")