[Intro]
Yeah...
They reminisce, they reminisce
I reminisce
They reminisce, they reminisce
Yeah... uh—check it...

[Verse 1]
Living a life in the Bronx ain't that bad
But I just wanna be rich or just half that
And I'm tired of being chased for my snapback
Tired of ducking every time I see a black cat
Tint the windows cause you're scared, so you're gonna hide
Hate to feel the pain but you love to fight
Doing the wrong things claiming that you must survive
That's the life I live, so guess what?
Imma be me and touch the sky
You gotta go through hell, just to get to heaven
"But God my phone died, so I didn't get the message!"
Man forget the blessings
I'm just getting headache tensions, it's killing me
I need a medic with some anesthetics
Feeling hectic cause this money man—I gotta get it
I gotta be rich—I gotta be that one percentage
That's why I go to church, I need to get away from Satan
My parents crying in their room
Cause they can't make the payments
"Please baby I'm begging you, can you make it famous?
We're barely getting by, believe me baby I'm not playing"
Meanwhile my friends are walking 'round with the lottery
And they can keep on spending dough
Cause none of it is stopping me
As long as I know that I am tight and I'm rocking beats?
There will be no mocking me
I'm shockingly the prodigy (Haha...)
And you gotta keep your head up
"You only live once", means life is just a setup

[Break 1]
Yeah, they reminisce, they reminisce—I reminisce
They reminisce, they reminisce—yeah
They reminisce, they reminisce—I reminisce

[Verse 2]
I always try to be realistic
I know everyday can't be terrific
Not everyone likes the way that I'm spitting
But I'm proud to say I rep the dirtiest district
Yeah, I'm not a rapper I'm truth speaker, you don't like me?
Okay fine—I never liked you neither!
I was raised surviving and fighting
I had to prove eager, so to the bullies?
"Karma is coming—wait 'til you see her!"
Sometimes I wanna take F.M.L to it's true meaning
I used to be a ghost—invisible
Oh but now you see me?
Now that I'm showing you my skills, I'm King of the Hill
But you don't know Jack about me, so don't play Jill
Enough of the fairytales, it's time to turn the page
My eyes open up every time I gain an age
Sixteen—I'm still scared it's sickening
But I walk around like I'm brave when I feel weak
They look for trouble so I am trapped in a bubble
Bubble is ready to crumble
Ball up my knuckles and gain the muscle
"Help me God!", I pray nightly
Boxing gloves on—Devil's ready to fight me
Everybody's got beef—get ready to bite me
Despise me—well a river is what you can cry me
To everyone else: You gotta keep your head up
"You only live once", means life is just a setup

[Break 2]
They reminisce, they reminisce—I reminisce
They reminisce, they reminisce—yeah

[Outro]
And if there's anybody feeling like me? (Word)
Where you don't belong or you don't fit in?
Just keep your head up—and be YOU!
You know, forget everybody else
And you hear this all the time
People say it like
"Oh, you can do it" or "You can do this"
"You can be that!"
But no; I'm serious
You can be that and you can do that
Just keep your head up
You only live once
Like I said, that just means life is a setup
Feel My Lyrics—F.M.L