[Intro: Pete Rock]
Uh, yeah. Uh-huh
We got Pete Rock and C.L. Smooth
And we're here to tell you to...
And that's a fact, baby
Now you're gonna kick some lyrics
Like this, c'mon...

[Verse 1: C.L. Smooth]
Walk the fine chalk line, and put the needle to the grind
Representin' one kind, seeing eye for the blind
Witness what I carry on bears a further purpose
From how we do slam a few, then you want to purchase
A dialogue of funk, you love to pop it in your trunk
I win, more disciplined than a Shaolin monk
Pete Rock and C.L., well set to spark it
The powerful target to destroy the black market
But when you say black, listen, I don't know, you lose me
I guess another beggar can afford to be choosey
I come to the maximum, artist on a major label
Any duplication of this one is fatal
On one two five, I gotta hit ya live
Beat your ass with my tape, any race or shape
Cuz if they got mine, they got yours too
But together here's what we gotta do

[Chorus: Pete Rock]
Tell 'em... straighten it out
Ah, yeah... straighten it out
You know this is the word (say what?)... straighten it out
That's right y'all... straighten it out (say what?)
You got to... straighten it out
Everybody must... straighten it out (say what?)
Straighten it out... yeah
Straighten it out... it's like that (say what?)

[Verse 2: C.L. Smooth]
The funk legacy I pass on, clearancy for high rates
Every time we sample all the past time greats
Stick it in the SP-1200 beat, I make a loop
Lovely, way to troop in a Lexus coupe
Just a little bit, set to make a whole lot happen
The musical inside my rappin'
Written by the C.L., produced by the P.R
And add in any credit that you heard thus far
I start from scratch, cuz the bassline's critical
Better than the original who first made it
Now you want to sue me, but fans never boo me
Believe I know the times, we been broke, too, G
Here's another sample clear, see ya, get the hell outta here
Like a bootleg, you're over for the year
You'll only get the credit where the credit is due
So, listen, what I shout out is true

[Chorus: Pete Rock]
Yeah, true... straighten it out
You gots to tell 'em to... straighten it out
(Say what?)... straighten it out
You got to tell 'em to... straighten it out
(Say what?)... straighten it out
That's right... straighten it out
C'mon (say what?)... straighten it out
That's right... straighten it out
Straighten it out (say what?)

[Verse 3: C.L. Smooth]
Like the strands of lamb's wool, I'm thinkin' that's said
Here to go to the head and count the locks on a dred
I and I'd 'mit to verify, goin' to multiply
A theory many thought a conspiracy
Here to let you know that it applies to all of us
You're no exceptions to the rule and that's a plus
Cause who Jah bless, let no one curse
Straighten out what I be about, reckon above the clout
And let the management work for me
Because I don't need the unnecessary hostility
A proper marketing plan so we can gobble up the dough
Straighten it out, so everybody know
The kids are official with the purpose of a smooth surface
Kickin' the service one time to make 'em nervous
We're finally here and very long overdue
Pete Rock, this one's for the crew

[Chorus: Pete Rock]
You gotta... straighten it out
Everybody must... straighten it out (say what?)
You gotta... straighten it out
Everybody must... straighten it out (say what?)
Straighten it out... you got to
Straighten it out... c'mon (say what?)
Straighten it out
All black people must... straighten it out
Say what?

[Outro: Pete Rock]
Straighten it out
Everybody must... straighten it out
The YG's, they must... straighten it out
The Hilltop, they must...straighten it out
The whole money-earnin' must... straighten it out
Everybody must... straighten it out
Come on... straighten it out
Ah, yeah... straighten it out (to close)