[Intro]
Just when it seemed I got everything straight and squared away, I gotta do songs like this that go against my good judgment. Fuck y'all. Hell yeah. In a real way. You know why? Check it out. I did everything in my motherfucking power to help you little bitch ass niggas, and y'all wanna talk about me?

[Verse 1]
I'm just handling my business
Doing what I gotta to stay in this
But the motherfucking pressure is tremendous
All over the world, bitches and ladies wanna fuck us
And niggas be set-tripping 'cause they suck us
On the outside, is playing the scene
That rich and famous is the thang to be
With one-time tripping when they see a nice car
And groupie niggas kissing ass because we stars
Parties in the hotel, parties on the yacht
Parties in the back of my limousine hitting pop
And I don't give fuck that your single's outselling mine
Just give me a fifth of Remy Martin and I'm fine
But it seems like my crowd's getting smaller (why's that?)
'Cause everybody's jealous of a baller
So when I come up to go back and get the niggas that I used to ride with, they don't know who to side with
And these mark ass niggas in the game
Talking whole shit just to come up with my name
When I catch your asses in person, ain't no hesitation
Just prepare for the motherfucking confrontation
I make you say too much now
Fuck them record it's some dissing, nigga, niggas getting touched now
And the street is where you meet your doom
Nigga I don't think you really wanna hear my gauge go boom

[Chorus]
(you know that's right, peeping everyday and every night)
'Cause my shits go BOOM
(you know that's right, peeping everything and every night)
I said my shit go BOOM, BOOM BOOM, BOOM BOOM BOOM
(you know that's right, peeping everything every night)
My shit goes BOOM
(you know that's right, peeping everything every night)

[Verse 2]
I grew my motherfucking hair back
To give you niggas something to stare at
'cause you ugly motherfuckers can't wear that style
Just one of many that I've introduced
And you perpetrators know who to defuse
Trying wear feathers with them Shirley Temples
Aand gang of bimblers on ya couldn't still with my dimples
Looking just like a fat simile of me
O.G from CPT, Westside, nigga please
Yeah, thanks for the compliment
But can get you get up my shit so I can represent?
And to you punk motherfuckers trying to diss my shit
'Cause the only real master's plan
Is ten Ben Franks folded in my hand
So fuck you and your mark ass clique
You ain't no riders, y'all just bunch of run-and-hiders
Now y'all ain't nothing but a broke down clique
A over-the-hill alcoholic jocking each other's shit
Sold ten records talking about who the hardest and the softest
But there's work at the post office
So don't ever try to get like this
'Cause although you can see me, you can never be me
And your whack-ass career is doomed
'Cause even if your album was the shit you can never go boom

[Chorus:]
(you know that's right, peeping everything every night)
Nigga, You never go BOOM
(you know that's right, peeping everything every night)
You can't blow up you dud, you never go BOOM
(you know that's right, peeping everything every night)
Yes, you never go BOOM
(you know that's right, peeping everything every night)

Let me give ya little bitch ass a break....

Hell yeah...

And it don't stop...

Y'all really don't understand, y'all can't FUCK with me...

Stay down...

I ain't finished...

[Verse 3]
Now you know you can't saw me
I got the gangsta shit that's making bitches like MC Eiht salty
Yeah, eating his babies mama, skinning and grinning in ya face
I fucked that bitch now tell me how my dick taste
And when you graced that hoe you shoulda salted her
But let me fuck in the same bed with ya daughter
Yeah, the shit that I'm popping is a grit
I know what's fight's worth but since you can't fight
Don't even trip you little scary ass bitch
I heard yo ass cried like Prince when you heard Dollaz + Sense
You losing cool points million down to 76
And what you sound is like your mouth is full of my dick
Geeah, let this be a lesson of what I'm all about
And you better keep my motherfucking name out ya mouth
'Cause it's one in the chamber for every bitch ass nigga up in ya room, and I don't think ya wanna hear 'em go BOOM

[Chorus:]
(you know that's right, peeping everything every night)
My shit goes BOOM
(you know that's right, peeping everything every night)
My shit goes BOOM, BOOM BOOM, BOOM BOOM BOOM
(you know that's right, peeping everything every night)
My shit goes BOOM
(you know that's right, peeping everything every night)