(Intro)
Yea mother fuckers...
Right back on yo' ass
Right about now we 'bout to let you know that Compton's in the mother fuckin' house
I got my nigga J??? in this mother fucka
And my road dog K.K. hah
We finna put niggas to sleep in that 400 3
Check it

[Verse 1: DJ Quik]
Yeah, mother fucka
Right back on yo' ass
I hid in the bushes and I crept up through the grass
What you running from bitch? You fake Irish faggot
You got a big booty Everlast, let me tag it
Cause you look like a woman, but you try to clown
I kicked you in your ass, that's why you Jump Around.
So don't try to fuck with a Compton nigga
And I'mma tell you who's daddy 'fore I pull the trigger
Now Daddy is the nigga getting head from your mommy
Daddy is the nigga with a gun like a Tommy
Daddy is the nigga that you wanna be like
And Daddy is the nigga with your shit on his Nikes
So don't be scared, just be prepared
For when you diss a nigga that you won't be spared
Little white boy, how the fuck you figure?
No, you can't fuck with a nigga

[Hook: DJ Quik Scratching]
Can't fuck with a nigga...
Nigga you wanna fade me?
One... killer...
Fool you're crazy
Can't fuck with a nigga..
Mother fuckers just like you
You better step 'fore I beat you with a switch
Can't fuck with a nigga...
Nigga you wanna fade me?
One... killer...
Fool you're crazy
Can't fuck with a nigga..
Mother fuckers just like you
And.. And you better step 'fore I beat you with a switch

[Verse 2: DJ Quik]
Now there's a certain type of nigga that can make you sick
Mother fuckin' booty and ain't saying shit
What you'll have to start a-steppin', you ain't got no style
Your white is showing like Valencia Carmichael
And the only way that you can be cool
Is if you jump your ass in the pool
Mr. Everlast went up to the hill...
To steal... A style from the brother B-Real.
And these no-tellin' fools out here gettin' breaks
Who the fuck let 'em make these wack ass tapes?
A homie said "Squash it" and "Just let it slide"
But I gotta shoot 'em down in the middle of the ride
I heard your head was big, but I can still crush it
Every tape you made, you know we had to flush it
Fuck it, pass me the brew and let me swig a..
Uhh.. It's the funky white nigga

[Hook: DJ Quik Scratching]

[Verse 3: ?]
The black fool from the other side
Watch me when I hoo-ride
Creepin' up on you from the blind side
Now, here we go, all y'all niggas bring it on
Road dog's barkin' in a d????ne
Hey, watch 'em all catch all your homies when they fall
Nuttin' but bullet holes left in the wall
K ain't trippin, never caught slippin'
Throwin' 3 fingers to the fool's thats (Censored in the song).
Say, nigga, don't you know what's up?
Comin' up on to get you fucked up
Knuckle or the belt buckle, which way you want it?
It really don't matter, I'mma be all up on it
K.K. yo, away from the hood
Still the same nigga up to no good
I'm signin' out T, Quik, and my nigga Hi-C
Yo you can't fuck with a G

[Hook: DJ Quik Scratching]