[Intro: DJ Quik - Spoken Word]
So you want me to wait in line, huh?
How could that ever be cool?
I'm a crucial, if not lesser known artist from the West
And I'm a threat just cause I'm a vet
You haven't found an MC I haven't served yet

[Verse 1: DJ Quik - Rapping]
You slipping like my rhythm was wet
So I borrowed a Dr. Dre drum track, come back
Cause I got more pocket than Member's Only j-jackets (uh-huh)
Yes I'm a wizard, I make the chickens give up they gizzards
Cause I'm flyer than crochet, cool as a blizzard, I delivered (uh-huh)
I've been macking all my life, thank you Bun, thank you K, thank you John, y'all so tight
Thank my niggas in the street, thank the soldiers lose they life for this freedom we all love
Only thing we know is life, It's alright (yeah)
To think you might be the answer, to think that you may be the one who could just all the cancers, which ya might (which I might)
Do if you give me the right, cause I'm tight, like a titan
I rhyme without writing, no height (yeah)
I'm saying fuck you like Huggabug
Don't forget to mention my name when you mention the city, little shitty (you need me)
I got my hood on lock, whipping out my passport, I traverse the globe nonstop

[Pre-Chorus: DJ Quik]
Now can you sell it?
Do you got the concept that the people can't live without hearing? Did you hit the tar-get?
Can you sell it?
Do you got the dollars with the sense of an entrepreneur bringing the dope raw and pure?
Huh, can you sell it?

[Chorus: DJ Quik + Kurupt] x3
I don't think you can sell it
Huh, huh, now can you sell it?

[Verse 2: Kurupt]
Can you sell it?
It's aroma, can you smell it?
Inhale it
Dippin not trippin, dippin [?], I could tell it
The Book of David, reading relic (enveloped)
Looking developed, sitting relish (angelic)
Put it on paper like a scripture, exilir, mixture, fix the present fixture, is this the
World of Mahem say I'm quicker with Quik the
Fire future music mixture (a stickler)
Gotta be right, are you playing? (what you saying?)
Gotti ignite, music man (I'm saying)
Pure west coast each know Quik, Snoop, Cube, Dre, Dub, Rup, west coast (west coast)
Me and Daz on that ave all cash in our pockets about to rock us with bellies (can you sell it?)
Here's a toast to the most, this is all we know on the corner serve and flow...

[Pre-Chorus]
[Chorus]

[Outro]
The idea of going to America, especially the West Coast!
And I just got this flavor, of West Coast America, and it lived up to my expectations