Peace!

[Hook 2X: Talkbox]
Never understood, how we did it
How we made this music groove your very soul

[Verse 1: Erick Sermon]
Yo, I lamp out in the RENNtech E7 V12 screamer
The new Benzina
290 thou', wow
Somethin' your rap budget does not allow
Why you laughin'? I don't see nuttin funny
Pull back two Mac-10's, now it's a big Mac-20
That there's the basics, Quik and I we run the Matrix
Close your mouth, don't say shit
Walk through any borough
That stretch from here past the Triborough
Better respect us dog, we thorough
Don't get confused, we smashin' crews, it's my rules
Step incorrect and get abused
I bring the ruck to any cats bringin' drama
Make 'em feel it, like 2Pac's "Dear Mama"
It can be pitch black and I'll spot ya
Boom! Kick in your door like Big Poppa

[Hook: Talkbox + (DJ Quik)]
Never understood, how we did it (Never)
How we made this music groove your very soul
(Xzibit)
Never understood, how we did it
(DJ muthafuckin' Quik)
How we made this music groove your very soul
(Erick Sermon...ay...)

[Verse 2: DJ Quik]
Tell me what you get when your nigga Xzibit
And Quik get down with the E Double? (What?)
You get we trouble
E, make the beat bubble
Make the bass so low you shake they brick house to the ground and dig 'em out of thee rubble
Partyin', happy that you shook the whole crib
And if you got a pound, E Dub, I got dibs
'Cause this is how we do it here, it's ironic
That you done stepped into a room of purple hydroponic
Fat booty bitches sparklin', tryin' to take you to a star
Tryin' to get you to recognize they know who you are
Can't you see the red carpet, they lay it out
And if you got a fantasy, Erick, they play it out
We big figure rap niggas; from the gate
We been waited on and hated on since '88
Now cross my dogs or cross my path and I'mma wet ya
Way down from the Compton town, and I betcha they...

[Hook: Talkbox + (Xzibit)]
Never understood, how we did it
(Ha, yeah; ladies and gentlemen)
How we made this music groove your very soul
(Yeah, the bar is now open; C'mon, yeah, it's on me)
Never understood, how we did it
(C'mon, yeah; Presenting to you...)
How we made this music groove your very soul
(AvireX to the Z; yeah, listen...)

[Verse 3: Xzibit]
I'm the spin doctor, Phantom of the Opera
If this was '89, I would break you off proper
Cockblocker, dump a few G's in my lolo
Not dough, hoe, my nigga Big KAM and Solo
Dolo, most niggas react like a homo
And when they with a crowd then they wanna get loud
Wanna act wild and act like their criminal file
Is stretching a mile, but really got the heart of a child
Splicing your mind to steal our chickens
Extra points like a field goal kick-in
Like a fucked up D.A. with a charge that ain't stickin'
I'm walkin' away, a free man
'Cause y'all niggas softer than sand
'Cause we fuckin' a fan in Okinawa, Japan
I fucked your mother, so now I'm the motherfucking man!
Break fool on the track like it's supposed to be
And break bread with the real niggas close to me
EPMD

[Hook: Talkbox (Repeat until end)]
Never understood, how we did it
How we made this music groove your very soul

[Outro: Xzibit (over repeated Chorus)]
C'mon, yeah, DJ Quik in the motherfuckin' house
Yeah, this dick in your mouth
Ha, c'mon, yeah!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, c'mon *AH-AH, AH-AH*
Yeah, you think it ain't?
The West Coast broadcasting live in 1999
All the way bouncing through millennium
Ha, c'mon, yeah
Yo, millennium shit, yeah, c'mon, yo millennium shit
Yeah, c'mon, yo, millennium shit
Yeah, yo, DJ motherfuckin' Quik
Yeah, yeah, ha, yo, yo
Yeah, Green Eyed Bandit
Yeah, bitch niggas can't stand it
C'mon, yeah, keep 'em bouncin'
Yeah, R.I.P. Roger Troutman
Yeah, yeah, c'mon, ha, yeah
Yo...Yeah, what, yeah, yeah, hah, yeah
Yeah, it's the real niggas
Yeah, bounce, c'mon
Yeah...Hahahaha...

[Talkbox]
Never understood, how we did it
How we made this music groove your very soul