[Verse 1: DJ Quik]
Sometimes I'm insatiable
Sometimes I love fellatio
With such a high sex ratio
She smirks when she swallows but she says it's tasty though
Call Lisa with her big 'ole ass
Her weave is cool but her mama is cash
And she would be just fine, it's not time to smash
Get some ointment, go and fix that rash
I got a fine groupie girl, eyes like a raccoon
Pussy so good, she deserves some damn balloons
When she wants to hit it, I go get it
She had a hot past, how could they forget it?
Now we don't even got Soul Train
Ain't got no room to grow, just like a swole brain
I'm like a doctor, keepin' you in remission
I don't write songs for bitches, I write prescriptions
Now get the head right, get the sheet thread count high
Cook some beans and rice, get the bath temperature nice
Then get it set up to get set off
Like Foxy, you'll get off when you let off and you let me toss
You da boss, bitch, I just wanna...

[Chorus]
Fuck all night, fuck all night
Smoke and drink and get right
I just wanna fuck all night, fuck all night
Fuck until what's wrong is right
Hey! I just wanna fuck all night, fuck all night
Skeet 'til my balls is light, huh
I just wanna fuck all night, fuck all night
Eat 'til her drawls is white

[Verse 2: DJ Quik]
Now here's a message to the tech-head bitch
Don't FACETIME at night, that's Blair Witch
With her once-a-month bleedin' fonky cock
She got to check it every traffic stop
She fuckin' wit' you when you wanna talk
But lose a couple spots, and watch communication drops
No sympathy votes, 'cause I don't love no hoes
Empty pockets on the corner, keep 'em all broke
She been a ho now since 2003
And now she wants to get her life right with me?
Ambitious bitches, a little too enthralled with the riches
Don't want the one night boy, she want the pension
And that is not your spot, this is not your place
You need to fill your crotch up with your face
And quit tryin' to be a side piece, bitch!
With a pussy that big, you missed the chance to...

[Chorus]
Fuck all night, fuck all night
Smoke and drink and get right
You missed the chance to fuck all night, fuck all night
Fuck 'til what's wrong is right
Huh? You missed the chance to fuck all night, fuck all night
Skeet 'til my balls is light, huh?
You missed the chance to fuck all night, fuck all night
Beat 'til her drawls is white

[Outro: DJ Quik]
Yeah! That's what I'm talkin' 'bout, yo!
Shout out to Shabby Blue, Tweed Cadillac
That's where it started
Everybody else, ya'll gotta to wait 'till the next whatever
My niggas! Black Tone! Look at your nigga in here, goin' in!
Tellin' you they can't fuck with me, my nig
I got too much of something, I don't know what it is
I know it's good, shit
What up, Moms?
Yeah, I'm drinking water in the studio...with Hennessy
Shit, it feel good than a motherfucka to be able to do anything that I want to
Whenever I want to
I'll drink to that
What up, Inch, Slug, Nukky, my real niggas