[Intro]
DogPound Gangsters! Yeah, nigga! Ride!

[Verse 1: DJ Quik]
I come from the darkness, the hardest place ever to mark this
Body outline chalk-style, look at the carcass (creep with me!)
As I roll you down the dimly lit, ever tinted streets of Compton
A place where niggas throw grenades in the cemetery
I don't even get it The hatred is pretty scary
And since everybody's with it
Tends to get a lil' blurry 'til there's nothing right
Niggas out in this calm again
To the niggas on the porch smokin' bomb again
Now they could be in the suburbs on them brightly painted curbs
Puffin' the herb and lookin' for somebody to swerve on, but no!
It's back to the hood again where
The enemys prospects look good again
Where the packs keep moving and the products got us caught up
And fuckin' our own lot up in heaven, our own niggas shot up
It ain't us, wake up, it ain't us, wake up

[Verse 2: Jamie Madrox]
From something to nothing and truly amazing
Like whimsical brushlines on Bob Ross paintings
But this is psycho art
Meaning the portrait would consists
Of body parts of unsuspecting victims
A leg and an arm, a face and a mouth-hung
Becomes the canvas for us to recite the convo
Exchange chains like cinnabites and hook flesh
Now you're covered in blood my don't you look fresh
Picture it perfect like a photo shoot
Rehearse, research the product and spit it up in the vocal booth
Mellow-dramatic, an act of wickedness!
In the essence that we exude to treat you people like a sickness!

[Hook]
We just came here to hurt somebody!
We just came here to hurt someone!
We just came here to hurt somebody!
We just came here to hurt someone!

[Verse 3: Monoxide]
You ain't even worth the download
We come in six different covers, you ain't even got a barcode?!
I'm in the sold-out club rockin' the bomb show
While you stand outside sellin' your CD for survival
I'm a revival of the wickedness
You want the title come and get it, this is not even your sickest spit
You put it in with a half of what I can hit you with
And I bet in about 16 seconds, you'll be stealin' it
I'm into this with an interest to invent
A new way to rid us of all your whack existence
For instance, fuck resistance!
All who ain't down can get dealt with! It's business!
I'll leave you chinless like a birth defect
Kidnap your pops n' put your old earth to rest and I suggest
Another way to impress, all the people in your life that you call friends, yeah!

[Hook]

[Verse 4: Daz Dillinger]
We came here to bring the drama and fear
Clear it up perfectly, willingly to see the veneer
I'm carrying like a ghost on america's most
West coast fuck ya up motherfucker, leave you comatose
Fresh out the dungeon, I run this to a
'T' Daz Dillinger, Dilligent, nigga, D.P.G
Old school, new school, Diggy acts a fool
Efficient with the tool, breakin' all the rules
Spray ya block up!, knock up the baddest bitch
Homie catch a hot one if you ain't payin' attention
This is what U do, You gots ta pay the pumps!
Niggas, now realize I'm the motherfuckin' boss!

[Verse 5: Kurupt]
It's the flame that causes inferno
Inflamate anything from your neck to your sternum
Kurupt, D.A., motherfuckin' givin' 'em Z's
Infiltries of amazing degrees
There's too much turmoil, your hood turn to toil
I got these special edition chucks
Especially made for Snoop, Daz, n' Kurupt
They call biscuits, D-O-Double G-Y, biscuits
The bitches love 'em, wanna see why?
Keep on yackin' and I'mma kick back by
Kick her daddy and chest and buss 'em in his eye
Dumpin' all your homies that are tryin' to ask why, cause

[Hook x2]