[Intro]
Wash your, wash your, wash your, wash your damn feet
Wash your, wash your damn feet

[Verse 1: KK]
Some say I’m a gangsta, but I don’t play that role
I’m just a nigga on a pussy stroll
And I can’t take no for an answer, baby
(Why is that, mayne?) It just ain’t me
I mack bitches, pretend when my pockets starts to itch
She must be a gold diggin’ bitch
Talkin’ about she love me, want some kids, I can’t knock that
When every time I wake up got her hand in my pocket
Can’t be going out like no punk, huh
KK ain’t for that junk
You see, I’m the type of guy to take you out on a triple-M shot
Movies, McDonald’s, and the motel parking lot
Steamin’ up a plan, tryna get my bone on
You ain’t fuckin’—how you getting home?
Can’t simp for no hoe who ain’t givin’ up the pussy
That’s why I tell a bitch, just ain’t me

[Interlude: KK + Gangsta D]
Ay K, what gon’ do about these punk ass…
I don’t know, man—put they ass…
Dirty toes, toe jam havin’ bitches
Ay man, seen this big brown toenail bitch
With three little crumb snatchers
She wanted me to play daddy for them little muthafuckas
You know what I had to tell that hoe?
What did you tell that hoe?
I told her…

[Verse 2: KK]
Hell naw, it ain’t me, playin’ daddy for some other nigga baby
(“Ay, would you buy my baby some diapers”) Bitch, is you crazy?
Better call that other nigga who done did it up fast
When he got your pussy pregnant and left yo’ ass
Leaving you at home with your little crumb snatcher
And all you had to say was, “Ooh, you muthafuckin’ bastard”
Now you’re playing the hoe role, lookin’ for a nigga
And juice up on the K, bitch—how could you figure?
I would be concerned and try to play the daddy
Bringin’ in the bacon just to keep your ass happy?
Oh no, hoe, you done played up on a real
So now it’s time to crush ya, and tell your ass the deal
That I ain’t for the games, when push came to shove
Shouldn’t have fell your punk ass in muthafuckin’ love
Time to hit the road, time to find a new booty
If the hoe wanna do me, I’ll slap her, it just ain’t me

[Outro dialogue]
You dirty bitch, get your muthafuckin’ ass outta here
Fuck hoes—’91, ’92, all hoes
You’re holding up the fuckin’ line, get out the line
Ay, wait a minute, man, wait a minute
Don’t you like these bitches on these WIC’s and shit
They be tryna get in the express line and shit
Nigga be tryna have one item and get the fuck up outta there
But gon’ want us to go back get some cheese
You ten kid, nine toe havin’…
Wash your, wash your, wash your, wash your damn feet
Wash your, wash your, wash your, wash your damn feet
Wash your ass, wash your pussy, wash your damn feet
Wash your, wash your, wash your, wash your damn feet
Broke bitches cannot listen to this record
Funky cot hoes cannot listen to this song