HA HA HA HAA!

One day I was chillin on Aranbe and Spruce
40 in my hand and it's time to get loose
Got my Nikes on my feet, my T-shirt, and black khakis
I heard a horn blowin', looked up, it was Jackie
Shawn was chillin' in the passenger seat
Stripped up out the bra and started dancing in the street
Now Shawn lookin' fresh and it wasn't no joke
She had on the fresh khakis and was sportin' the locs
And Thad was poppin' wheelies, came up from behind
He got off throwin' up his favorite gang sign
Here come Little Slug from the Maple block
Groovin' on the handlebars, ready to rock
And now my posse's gettin' bigger because of all these niggas
I got the .38 and I'm about to pull the trigger
Looked up at the corner and who did I see?
Wayne, Inch, Little Man, Pot and Nookie
Now Shot came rollin' up on a little scooter
Lookin' for a match so he could light the Thai huddha
I told him I didn't have it, but yet I went to grab it
I lit it up, I hit it up, and now I'm draggin' it
Wayne took a hit, Pot took a puff
Nookie started chokin' and now he's fucked up
The 40-ounce is empty, so I busted into school
I'm never gettin' sweated 'cause I'm just too cool, fool
Sun's goin' down and now it's night
My posse's cold chillin' and we're feelin' alright
We heard a lot of noise and it sounded like a rally
Boomin' ass sounds comin' out of Sherm Alley
We all jumped up and we started to stroll
A young nigga like the Quik was takin' control
The D.E.A. Posse, so deep we walk in twos
And if you wanna join, well, you gotta pay your dues
We got up to the alley and everything was chill
They was just makin' that dollar dollar bill
Reesy came down and she sat on the stairs
I stood up 'cause I didn't have a chair
Now Pot said, "Slug, go get some cups
And get the Olde 8 so we can get fucked up."
Now I'll put in twenty, Inch put in ten
And said, "Fuck it--Super Socco and gin!"
Now everybody's gettin' in the twilight zone
Head up stairs straight getting' his bed on
Gangsta on the steps and he's tryin' to bang
No belt in his khakis so to his knees they sag
Now here comes Slick with a 20 dollar bag
But he can't roll a joint 'cause he ain't got the zigzags
I looked up at my watch, it said 10:28
"You better rush the liquor store before it's too late."
So he went up to the store and he got the zags
Came back walkin' with my homeboy Cash
This nigga came over, he was lookin' for a ride
Runnin' from the police, he didn't have no place to hide
A smile up on my face when I gave him a beer
I'm chillin' like a villain and I got no fear
Now Tony Lane came and he said he was bored
Eatin' on some chips that he got from the store
I said I'm bored too, so what's up with that?
Wayne said, "Is anybody down to jack?
Now I can get the AK and you can get the pump
But I don't want a deuce-deuce, 'cause I ain't a chump"
Now Mike said, "Dave, which one do you choose?"
I told him, "I could take the .38 and you can have the Uz'."
But before we can jet and be on our way
Some niggas rolled up and they was ready to spray
Rollin' real slow, they turned off the lights
Waitin'...until the time was right
A fool jumped out all dressed in Guess
(What's up *gunshot* muthafucka) (Yeah)
Got him in the chest
The niggas tried to jet, but they couldn't get far
'Cause Mike had the Uzi and he aimed it for the car
*gunshots*
Ha Ha
Now that's how it's done and we do it good
Just another day in my loked out hood
So all y'all remember that we can't be stopped
What's the name of my hood? *gunshots*
(Ha ha haha)
(Figure that shit out, fools)