[Verse 1: Gangsta D]
Hello bitches, tricks, tramps, sluts
It's the motherfuckin D, here to work your big butt
Got hoes in my backseat, niggas on my nut
Cock blockin-ass niggas tryna stall me while they know I'm tryna fuck
Alright fool, getcha clown on
You better check ya girl before I take the bitch home
And do a couple of things she's never done before
Start to spittin' on my dick and send the cot home sore
Hoes like you and you, you gets nothin, bitch!
But the honor to come and suck a dog's dick
Sayin' I'm cold when it comes to the ladies
I just can't let a little punk bitch fade me
Niggas can't fuck with the program
That's why they always wanna see me come and get down
(Ay, ayo man, how you do it, man? What you do?)
Fuck your bitch and let her run through my crew
'Cause anything goes, when it comes to yo' hoe
So get your fine-ass bitch back
'Cause the dick'll be quick to get your girl sprung
And don't even have to lick the bitch pearl tongue
'Cause I'm that nigga that can get your little coochie
You little nothin-ass funky-ass hoochie
Fuckin' with a true'll get you dropped everytime
So back up off my line, 'cause I'm..

[Chorus: cuts and scratches by DJ Quik]
"I'm more than a player, I'm more like a pimp" - DJ Quik {3X}
"Hey!"
"'Cause I'm a macaroni!" - Richard Pryor

[Verse 2: KK]
KK is a nut, got all the hoes that I wanted to fuck
Now they keep fiendin' for my dick like a cluck and a buck
All the simpin-ass hoes who don't let me rip, now take a trip
With a young-ass playa, just try to come out
Even niggas trippin', still run they ass out
And buy my shit, 'cause they on my dick
Said my tape wasn't hittin', but your punk-ass bought it
Rollin' on my tape or maybe even Quik's
Hi-C, AMG, or the Penthouse Clique
It really don't matter 'cause niggas still scatter
On top of that, babe (WE ALL GETTIN' PAID!)
Saw an ugly-ass hooker hit a corner then I shook her
I woulda macked her but she looked like a booger
Yo, can't fuck with a duck, might as well press my luck
With the monkey if the coochie ain't funky
Went to the mo' with a cute lil' hoe
I only took her there 'cause the girl told me so
Took then trip then I spent
Broke out with the Boone's Farm so little hoe got bent
She fell asleep, move then a nigga made a creep
I finish up the drink and wash my dick in the sink, ha!
Move kinda slow on my way out the do'
I left the girl at the mo', I gotta go, gotta go
'Cause I'm..

[Chorus: cuts and scratches by DJ Quik]
"I'm more than a player, I'm more like a pimp" - DJ Quik {3X}
"Pimpin', leanin', and fiendin'"

[Verse 3: KK]
Go on and get ya little roll on
Raise out the window, get the bud goin' on
Yeah {*inhale and coughing*} hit it kinda strong
Blaze it up, toss an E&J in the cup
Swing another hit just to make sure you're fucked up!
...To the point—ay, nigga don't make me hit that joint
(Pass that motherfucker!) K can't control on a nigga hoe stroll
Ayo D (what up?) Let it roll

[Verse 4: Gangsta D]
Yeah, to the bitches that's standin' on the side of me
'Cause I refuse to let a punk bitch ride me
Gotta stay strong in the mind like a Trojan
'Cause they can't stand to see another nigga rollin'
I'm only 19, I got it kinda good
I learned to play bitches by hangin' in the hood
And niggas tried to fade the shit, stay down, bitch!
You see they watch a brother checkin' major grip
'Cause I'm...

[Chorus: cuts and scratches by DJ Quik]
"I'm more than a player, I'm more like a pimp" - DJ Quik {3X}
"Payback!", "Niggas!"
"'Cause I'm a macaroni!" - Richard Pryor