[Intro: DJ Quik]
Yeah! I'm still street hangin'
Yeah! I'm still beat slangin'
Yeah! I'm still meat bangin'
Can you feel that?

[Verse 1: DJ Quik]
We see you made it out the ghetto and we heard you livin' fat
Where your CBR? Where your 500 at? (Wait a minute)
Did you diss Dre, nigga? Tell me what the deal (Ay...)
Is that ring on your CD cover real? (Yep)
Is you still gangbangin', or did you stop? (Of course)
Why you wear so much blue if you from Tree Top? (What?)
Why you won't cut your hair into a 'fro? (Shut up)
And is you still down with Death Row? (Look...)
Remember you niggas that used to run us home and bully?
Now you niggas running cause we automatic fully
Got that artillery that's so fully open
If you shot it up in Compton it'll come down in Oakland
Pop the trunk, pop the pump, hit him in his back
Or catch us by the train going head up on the tracks
Shut up, quit asking me that bullshit, nigga
It really only matters 'cause we big figures

[Hook 2X]
(No More Questionz)
Stop buggin me
'Cause y'all muthafuckas ain't lovin me
(No More Questionz)
Stay up outta mine
Niggas with no spine is where I draw the line

[Verse 2: DJ Quik]
Catch me fuckin' up the scene with an illegal carbine
Infracted infrared so you can't see the beam
Saiga, Russian model 2-23
And if you niggas want some mo, we'll light you up like Kosovo
It's Compton, that's where the killas come from
With AK-47s that you niggas run from
Struck up my name in blood so you niggas don't forget me
And if I gotta go I'm taking a grip of you niggas wit me
Actin' like we nice, but don't believe the hype
I'm laying in your bushes and I'm posted for the snipe
Across from the apartments that my enemies all hung out
(*Gunshots*) Yeah, nigga, spit that lung out
Drag you, pick you up and throw you in the trunk
Drive you to the mountains, throw your body in the dump
Bury you with bloody clothes, barrel stock and trigger
Now who's the muthafuckin' punk NIGGAAAAAAAAAAAA?!

[Hook]
(No More Questionz)
Stop buggin me(Yeah!)
'Cause y'all muthafuckas ain't lovin me
(No More Questionz)
Stay up outta mine(Yeah!)
Niggas with no spine is where I draw the line
(No More Questionz)
Stop buggin me(Hell Yeah!)
'Cause yall muthafuckas ain't lovin me
(No More Questionz)
Stay up outta mine
Mausberg! Light 'em up, dog!

[Verse 3: Mausberg]
Pistol packin and car jackin, world's most dangerous criminal
Hit the block up with hollow points, fuck the subliminal
Hardcore, and y'all can fuck wit it
Y'all frustrated, 'cause all niggas can't spit it
I'm the Don Mega of rap, Gotti of gun claps
Mausberg, the toughest muthafucka on the map
When I cock back, I'm taking off non-stop
With my fully automatic weapon 'til y'all drop
Nigga, fuck all questions, hit with Smith & Wessons
And black Tecs 'til you learn y'all lesson
Nigga, I'm a B-dog, and I don't give a fuck
Tell it to the next nigga, let the world eat it up
Coward niggas be all up in my mix
When the pandemonium starts the ground gon' split
On a war path, drown niggas in bloodbaths
Four or five shots for every question you ask
Fuck a Cold War, I keep it hot on my block
Quik got the calico, if he move, make him drop
The superior nigga, no need for second guessin'
Glock to your dome, guess it's no more questions

[Hook]
(No More Questionz)
Stop buggin me(Yeah!)
'Cause y'all muthafuckas ain't lovin me
(No More Questionz)
Stay up outta mine(Yeah!)
Niggas with no a spine is where I draw the line
(No More Questionz)
Stop buggin me(Yeah!)
'Cause y'all muthafuckas ain't lovin me
(No More Questionz)
Stay up outta mine(Yeah!)
Niggas with no a spine is where I draw the line
(No More...)

[Outro: DJ Quik]
You'z a (KILLA!), She's a (KILLA!)
He's a (KILLA!), We's a (KILLA!)
I'm a (KILLA!), Tone's a (KILLA!)
Bird's a (KILLA!), Crawf's a (KILLA!)
Will's a (KILLA!), Kee A's a (KILLA!)
Rodney's a (KILLA!), Peewee's a (KILLA!)
Jack's a (KILLA!), Nick's a (KILLA!)
Tony Shawn's a (KILLA!), Quik's a (KILLA!)
Biggie's a (KILLA!), Pac's a (KILLA!)
Big L's a (KILLA!), Big Pun's a (KILLA!)
Stan's a (KILLA!), Ram's a (KILLA!)
Baby George's a (KILLA!), Loran's a (KILLA!)
Suga Free's a (KILLA!), Hi-C's a (KILLA!)
Eazy-E's a (KILLA!), Big Cheese a (KILLA!)
Big Pit's a (KILLA!), this shit's a (KILLA!)
I'm a KILLA (KILLA!) I'm a KILLA (KILLA!)
I'm a KILLA, I'm a . . .Killa
Nigga what? Nigga what?