[Verse 1]
My name is Quik yeah, this is true
Keeping your attention is what I'm gonna do
Hardcore, yo I could never be soft
Asking am I def? And they say the boy goes off
Fill an instrumental with the touch of my rhyme
Suckers stay away because yo, they know the time
Quiet on the set cause I'm about to begin
And if you don't believe me boy I'll tell you again
My name is Quiksta but just call me Q
But It doesn't really matter to you
Cause I'm the same person
Whether serious or rehearsin' I just gotta keep cursin'
This is for the radio so I better chill
They won't play it if I cold get ill
But I'm like that and that's an actually fact
Because the street is where my heart is at
Yo! I don't do dope but I'm dope not a dope
But I'm doper than anybody who tries to cope
If the rhyme I'm dispaying
And the beat that's playing
Yo! you could try all day
And you still won't match up with the Ruthless P.O.W
Cause Quik's doing it Compton style
That's the city and you say you could get some, yo!
It's Quik-er Said Than Dunn

[Hook]
Woooo!
Woooo!

[Verse 2]
They made it easy for me to get my point across
So listen up close if ya don't ya might get lost
I'm not a role model nor a Dr. Seuss
But I'm not a gangster and I'm about to get stupid
I guess its time for the trauma
With the Q-U-I-K comma, Now that's drama
So pay attention, by the way I must mention
I'm coming off hard in the third dimension
With the glare but you don't need no glasses to stare
Just pop your tape in and it's just like your there
With the Q on the Compton tip
So if you think I'm a flip or slip, don't even trip
Cause I'm a destroyer
My homie Theo is a dj, not a lawyer dope fly-girl employer
On the (static) that's my station
We get the money and women, while we dipping round the nation
Boy, Mister Quik is toy (suckers)
I'm eating steak while you're sucking with the girls, enjoy
You must be sick or ya lonely
How ya gone still my name if ya don't even know me
Blak Tone (What's up)
Get the gat show 'em where it's at and that's just the sound and next time
I'm peeling your cap to let ya know where I'm coming from
Quik said it and it shall Be Dunn

[Hook]
Woooo!
Woooo!

[Verse 3]
Creating dope jams is a part of the cycle
Quik-er said than dunn yeah that's the title
Loving the ladies, only the fly ones, you know
(But what if she's ugly?) If she comes, she's a ho
Don't ask to battle me home boy, what's that?
You wanna battle me boy, Ya better be strapped
Cause where I'm from it ain't all about that playing
[*gun shots*] now that's what I'm saying
Said before that I was born in '73
Now everybody want's to know the A-G-E
Girls on my jock, fellas too, it seemed
Had everybody thinking I was only 15
The fellas were ignoring me the ladies were enjoying me
What was I to do? I wish they let the ladies through
Cause the ladies I love 'em nice and then soft
I hate male groupies so just step the hell off
I'm the real Quikster Those others be faking
Trying to game fame off the name I'm making
Saying on your records you could get some
Yo homeboy, its Quik-er Said Than Dunn

[Hook]
Woooo!
Woooo!

Just a little dedication to the creator of Gangsta Rap music, Mr. Erik 'Eazy E' Wright. That's how its done