[Intro]
Yeah, and this one right here is dedicated to all the road warriors
To everybody that gotta go out on the road every year to make they money
The spring and the fall. The 45 city tours
We in Idaho one night and Portland, Oregon the next day
Up in Anchorage Alaska and then Australia for three weeks
It's like this...

[Verse One]
I got my bags packed
Backpack sittin' by the front door
IPod, laptop, socks and drawers
The stuff that you need when you're out on tour
Home for one month then gone for two more
I'm a rolling stone that's gathering green
Cause my poems is known for packin' in teens
And from, show to show, I'm glad to be seen
But my home is home I'll lackin' that steam
But on the real, I got some bills to pay
My cable just got shut off the other day
Voicemail, got a million messages to play
Homies and the haters got a whole lot to say
And oh, I just love it because my life's so public
My business is in the streets and they think nothing of it
And no I'm not complainin', I'mma keep campaignin'
Till I reach my goal or I go insane

[Hook: x2]
The road is my religion
I'mma keep on sinnin'
Hope to God I'm forgiven for the way that I'm livin'
The woes and the women and the wheels keep spinnin'
Still I won't be forgiven for the way that I'm livin'

[Verse Two]
I'm on a Delta Continental American flight
And I won't be long so you know I pack light
But still I might miss you and the way that I kiss you
Gotta know that I love you cause I left my heart with you
The night before I leave for a couple of weeks
Hear you cryin' in your sleep, taste the tears on your cheek
It's sweet but it's bitter, the emotion that it triggers
Makes me miss my woman and her home cooked dinner
I wish I never had to leave
Perform for these crowds with my heart on my sleeve
But you still believe and they say you naive
So I gotta keep the faith with every breath that I breathe
It needs to be said that it's just not easy
Every night, different city, different women want to please me
I keep it true and I walk on through
Say my prayers and go to sleep after talking to you

[Hook]

[Verse Three]
Standin' at the truck stop watchin' this
Redneck truck drivers look at me and spit
I'm like: This is it? This the life that I chose?
A hundred days at home, two hundred days on the road
But I guess I'm addicted because I really start to miss it
Don't know what I'm chasin' but I know I gotta get it
It ain't about fame or a couple of dames
Or a million different faces with a thousand different names
It ain't about praise or the hands being raised
To me it's just a job and I'm glad that it pays
And when the road starts to call in the spring and the fall
If I don't holla back then my skin starts to crawl
And when I get that itch I gotta pack my bags
Dress up or go home, hotels and jet lag
Can't lose my religion cause it's all that I have
I keep runnin' worldwide 'til I run out of gas

[Hook]

[Outro]
I'm so so sorry. To each and every girl I didn't call back
After we spent the night together. But you're beautiful
I love you. Man, you don't know about me. Mr. Dibbs!