[KK]
So you waited and waited and waited, now you comin’ on down
With a hit to get an underground tape you can’t escape
‘Cause you bitches you like the *tracks* and you niggas like the *tracks*
Put on my tape and hear the jam, it’ll make you say *goddamn*

[Gangsta D]
Oh yeah, we comin’ with the feeling of a true
With a street point-of-view, doing things that the others can’t do
Step to the side and let the true nigga speak
You’re on the nuts and them muthafuckas droppin’ to my feet

[KK]
Just hanging by a string, trying to get a piece of the K
All fools drop out the way of the real (real) true (true) niggas

[Gangsta D]
So don’t try to figure how a nigga like The D could make so much money
Punkin’ all these niggas for they bitch to be my honey
And niggas keep comin’ around, claimin’ they down
Back up, fool, and stay down and get ready for the…

[Scratched Hook]
“Underground arsenal of terror”
“Now…”
“Underground arsenal of terror”
“Now listen…”

[KK]
KK on the trigger, niggas better duck
You played around, fool, and your ass got stuck
Don’t even try to fight, you know you’ll get bucked
Oops, I caught you slippin’ and your ass got fucked
Treated like a pooh butt, trained like a slut
Without the Vaseline, straight meat to the butt
Now, with your booty, you know I need my cut
Fuck the damn money, I get paid by the nut
Hit the switch, got the grip
Chrome to my side, don’t even try to trip
Now the K’s on display, going across the land
Knockin’ boots and I’m through with the loot in my hand
Second to N-O-N-E, None
I’m the one on the run with a gun and I’m stunning the rest
The crowd, I do it loud
For the hood I’m down, but now I’m rockin’ the underground

[Scratched Hook]
“Underground arsenal of terror”
“Now…”
“Underground arsenal of terror”
“Now listen…”

[Gangsta D]
Huh, I’m kickin’ shit, so much shit that it stank, yeah
A young nigga that’s making a bank
Got these bitches on my nuts like a shell
‘Cause a nigga like The D serve it well
So get back, you little sorry muthafuckas
Eat a dick, you little short dick bustas
Yeah, I serve the crowd the bomb ass yayo
And when I roll, muthafuckas lay low
You wanna be a nigga like me, you gotta be down for your crown
And claim your spot, G
And what I preach ain’t quoted from a Bible
If you know like I know, it’s all about survival
‘Cause bitchmade niggas don’t scare me
And if you lesser, then the gat don’t try to tear me
See, The D is out to break the street barriers
Comin’ up with that… (“underground arsenal of terror”) muthafuckas

[Scratched Hook]
“Underground arsenal of terror”
“Now…”
“Underground arsenal of terror”
“Now listen…”

[Outro: Gangsta D + KK]
Alright, check this shit out
Yo, we would like to say what’s up to the muthafuckin’ homies
AMG (The bitches better have his money)
My nigga Quik (Y’all know we gotsta get bent tonite”)
And to the crazy ass skanless poet Hi-C
(All y’all bitches can’t play him like no puppet)
And that’s right, what’s up Playa Hamm?
(Just to keep your muthafuckin’ attention)
And you know what? All you niggas in Compton rollin’ on this shit
Y’all muthafuckas stay up
And we up out this muthafucka (Let’s roll!)
Greedy Greg (Hell muthafuckin’ yeah)
Lynch Mickey in the muthafuckin’ house
Yo Quik, we faded, we up outta here
Y’all ready to roll?
Yeah
Alright, cut…