So pay attention, babe
Pay attention
Our Father, who art in Heaven
Quik gave me a beat, now Pomona's on the set, now...

Chorus:
Get your money, why you bullshittin'?!
Baby, why you bullshittin'?!

Mama tried but it ain't no love like homie love, baby
I'm G'd up and I'm crazy
And there's a mellow ghetto breeze on my ass
'Cause I'm, saggin', don't wanna die so I'm packin'
Now when I see my baby cryin', I can't explain how it hits me
I'm tryin' to take responsibility
You see in order for me to win, I gotta lose sometimes, baby
I know I'm wrong but I'mma make it
Now I...never hit a woman, nah
But I'll slap the shit out of a bitch, why you bullshittin'?!
If you think with a little head, you gets a little head, little trick
But I ain't going against the grain, not me, not even a little bit
Bet she didn't tell you she used to be my ho, huh?
Yeah nigga, she sold that pussy for me in Pomona
You better take some of this nighttime stuffy, achy head, fever so could realize I'm tryin' to get rich with Quik
Why you bullshittin' medicine, nigga
Suga Free is lovely and pretty as I can be
Perm silkier than Charlotte's Web, waves deep as Redondo Beach
Tellin' you to...

Chorus:
Get your money, why you bullshittin'?!
Baby, why you bullshittin'?!
I get down, why you bullshittin'?!
Baby, why you bullshittin'?!

Now what's the problem nigga?
Whu-what? Yo' lady won't suck your dick?
'Cause for the very low low price of $100 you can use my bitch
And if you act now, man, I'll throw in a ho that'll buff your knob
She used to work down there at the sperm bank until she got fired for drinkin' on the job
But you ain't knowin', givin' baby yo' money, be killin' me!
Lettin' that bitch disrespect you in front of yo' friends be killin me!
Always givin' that bitch some dick, killin' me
Goin' through one ear, comin' out the other
Talkin bout you feelin' me
Now, partner tell me where my love at
'Cause I'mma tell you where you're wrong at
I'll bend but I won't break, not me, no madam
I’m broker than the ten commandments
Plus I just walked a hole in some Stacey Adams
Shit! And at that, you broke, been broke, gon' be broke
Wanna see me broke, but please ho, really doe
'Cause I’ll tell a lie, she’ll tell a lie
Then we’ll sit there with a straight face
And compliment each other on one another’s lie
Now I can tell you 30 times how to pimp you a ho
And I can tell you 30 more and you still won't know
Partner, you, you wanna overuse the pussy
Me, I'm tryin' to hit the news with the pussy
In a survey it's estimated that 9 out of 10 men don't check they spouse but Suga Free'll tell your pretty ass to get the fuck out!
And...

Chorus:
Get my money, why you bullshittin'?!
Baby, why you bullshittin'?!
I get down, why you bullshittin'?!
Baby, why you bullshittin'?!

Bitch, come get your damn kids, you see 'em tearin' up my shit
She's starin' dead at they ass, you won't tell 'em to quit
Now, I'll whoop they ass, fuck waitin' 'til baby turn her back
Let little man come sock me in the chest again and try to run, he gettin' cracked
I want you but I really don't need you, bitch
'Cause all you do is eat, burp and fuck and talk that shit
And tell your kids I ain't they motherfuckin' daddy
What-what? Your Medi-Cal expired?
'Cause they look like they been eatin' cabbage
And it don't cost a dime
I won't knock no pork chop off your plate if you don't knock one off of mine
Yeah, this pimpin' partna
'Cause a hoe's gonna be a ho for real
Quit jockin' her cause youse a snack, she's lookin' for a meal
And I ain't tryin' to be your friend, bitch
Buddy, buddy, that's my partner, that nigga cool, and all that shit
Sayin: I won't be afraid, I won't go astray
I pay like I weigh, I'll stay in my place
Please let me stay, I'll ho to my grave
So how you wanna handle this? Baby, we'll dismantle this
And we blows you out like a candle trick
Hahahahahahaa
And we blows you out like a candle trick

Chorus:
Man, get your money, why you bullshittin'?!
Baby, why you bullshittin'?!
Believe me, I get down, why you bullshittin'?!
That's right, baby, why you bullshittin'?!
It's pimpin wit me. Don't fuck around, why you bullshittin'?!
Yo, Kingpin, why you bullshittin'?!
I think, Pomona Town, why you bullshittin'?!
Uhh! That's where I'm from, why you bullshittin'?!
It's pimpin wit me, why you bullshittin'?!
What's pimpin wit chu?, baby, why you bullshittin'?!
Uuh, trick, it ain't hard, why you bullshittin'?!
In a real way credit card, why you bullshittin'?!
Got my money baby, why you bullshittin'?!
Ahh, god damn, why you bullshittin'?!
Suga Free, I get down, why you bullshittin'?!
Suga Free, Black Tone, don't be bullshittin'!
Kingpin for life!
Ahhhh, kingpin for life, y'all!