[Intro: Fredro Starr]
Ugh, yeah word up word up
Ugh-huh.Ugh-huh
Yeah yeah
Word Up
Yo, it's one for the struggle
Two for the pain
Three for the niggas with the bullets in their brains
Word up braat
Onyx and Slums Attack
Yo, yo

[Verse 1: Fredro Starr]
Ayo, the first time I got to Poland
I saw the cops patrolling blocks emotional cold as same
As the as the blocks in ocean
Brooklyn was just ready to took a look on the niggas in the wrong way
Several hours come out to be a long way
Long days turned out into shorter nights, because all my life I have to fight
In order to survive, escape from self-suicide
Gats up, to the sky, burned on the hip
Hollow tips for the politics
Niggas better learn quick
Real recognize real
Hip-Hop, respect that, salute
Eyes red, ready to shoot
Bulletproof, the mic buff
My Nike boots, are shopped off
Slums Attack, guns react
With automatics cause an ave
I'm making back up
Sixteens in the clip
Sixteens when I spit
Sixteens in the whip
One for the trouble
Two for the pain
Three for the niggas with bullets in their brains

[Hook: TEWU]
Dziewięćdziesiąte lata, odległe miejsca, on słucha!
Oni wykonują, łączy ich hip-hop sztuka
On drapie płyty, próbuje tworzyć, igły zdziera!
Hip-hop elementy, każdy z nich dziś pożera show!
Koncerty, teledyski, bariera marzeń
Ludzie z pasją doprowadzają do tych zdarzeń
Tworzą historie, O.N.Y.X, TEWU, SLU, wspólny projekt

[Verse 2: Peja]
Rozpoznaj combo z La Bomby, nagrany jakiś czas temu
Colabo SLU, ONYX, człowieku nic złego nie mów
Kilka lat temu pamiętam, z Darkiem lot przez Atlantyk
Ten pierwszy raz miałem ciarki, spełniam marzenia z braćmi
Ten pierwszy wylot do stanów, widok wieżowców projecty
Zamurowało pięć dzielnic, oto wizyt efekty
Tworzę historię, powiedzmy, mamy dziś dużo szczęścia
Od dziecka słuchałem rapu, chciałem ten rap napieprzać
Dziś wspólnie z braćmi na scenie, złączeni porozumieniem
Rap stał się naszym tłumaczem, rap to me przeznaczenie
A Bacdafucup natchnieniem, do życia grałem pirata
93 ważna data, wtedy powstał Slums Attack
W walkmanie bez przerwy latał Fredro i Sticky
Ciężkie czasy dla clicki, chodziłem zły i przybity
Dzisiaj profity i hity, nagrania dają nam kopa
Zapamiętaj to chłopak, sen możesz zrealizować!

[Hook: TEWU]

Dziewięćdziesiąte lata, odległe miejsca, on słucha!
Oni wykonują, łączy ich hip-hop sztuka
On drapie płyty, próbuje tworzyć, igły zdziera!
Hip-hop elementy, każdy z nich dziś pożera show!
Koncerty, teledyski, bariera marzeń
Ludzie z pasją doprowadzają do tych zdarzeń
Tworzą historie, O.N.Y.X, "Slam" SLU, wspólny projekt

[Verse 3: Sticky Fingaz]
I murder, I murder, I murdering on the beat
Now turn the lights so everybody see
I'm not to be, not to be, not to be fuck with!
One time you figured it out, it's too late bitch!
I shoot rappers up, ha-ptfu spit them out!
I got choppers in waiting boy, don't let me send them out!
So many guns that I'm own, that I can't read them out!
Trust me dog, you don't wanna my name in your mouth!
I'm dot on their foes, they have dot on their clothes
You nothing but 0s, you gonna be fuckin' exposed!
Got the whole crowd tryna to see me up on their toes!
You get swish G's out, I'm leaving nothing but holes!
I'm man in depress with, one hand on a Dessert
In the land of desperate, I'm the man you shouldn't mess with!
I'm live for war, you die in peace
And when it comes to Sticky Fingaz nigga is zajebisty!

[Bridge: Tewu]
To historia, brak granic, to, to Colabo!
Ocean, zderzenie, fali rymów, Colabo!
Ziemia, powietrze, pióro Colabo!
Nuty, szacunek, one love, Colabo!
To historia, brak granic, to, to Colabo!
Ocean, zderzenie, fali rymów, Colabo!
Ziemia, powietrze, pióro Colabo!
Nuty, szacunek, Hip-Hop, Colabo!
[Scratches]