[Hook]
Do you back down?
I don't back down!
Do you back down?
I never back down!

[3x]
Tell me, do you back down?
I don't back down!
Do you back down?
I never back down!

[Verse 1:]
Yeah I'm a grimy nigga, but I'm on some fly shit
When I pull up bitches raise their eyelids
I sit in the back, she got too much mileage
Cause I'm a O.G. i had to do the knowledge
Pull up in big shit, prolly playing big shit
And i could back it up, so I'm popping pink shit
You don't believe it, come and get your wig split
It ain't no act though, I'm really that ig'nant
Don't want it with me, better back up man
Cause, fucking with me, you better have a backup plan
And a backup plan to backup your backup plan
Cause when I put it down, you ain't getting back up man
Now I ain't Jesus, Buddha, Abraham or Allah
But when it come to underground, better believe I'm a god
It's cuzo and we ain't on no gang bang shit
It's just some shit that you can crank that your gang can play with

[Hook]


[Bridge]
Whenever I speak, it's always for the streets it's like the art of war
(It's like the art of war!)
If they ain't letting us inside the house, we kicking down the door
(Kicking down the Door!)
Moving that product in the streets everybody know we cooking that raw
(You know we cooking that raw!)
The uncut never stepped on, you keep coming back for more
(You coming back for more!)

[Verse 2:]
Yo. Ey yo
Watch how the drama unfold, the llama unload
Watch where you walk cause a bomb explode
When it's war, we never underestimate
Draw first, don't ever think to hesitate
Move quick, don't let the shit escalate
But if they want it. Then fucking let the desert shake
We waking up the project, not from Huston
But this shit is sound like rockets
Don't make me have to blast 'matics
The cash at it getting money, that's today's mathematics
Sticky Fingaz that's the co-defendant
Even when I take a mugshot I'm photogenic
You know they let me kick live shit
I keep my iron eagle like my name Lou Gossett
You gangsta. I don't believe that; I'm agnostic
The guns's ammo they never come out the closet
Haha... Can't be serious

[Hook]