[Intro: Fredro Starr]
Free Bang Em Smurf, my nigga Tah-Tah
Love Supreme, no love
South side stand up!
Jamaica what up? x4
Haha yeah, Fire Starr doing just his basic part know what I'm sayin'?
Take niggas back man, I got story to tell know what I'm sayin'?
Shit's so real, throw from the top of the dome you know what I mean?
Yo rest in peace to Big DS, I put a hole in your chest

[Fredro Starr]
Yo, there once was a nigga from around the way
I met him with Jam Master Jay, he was a good dude
Always smiled when he rapped, on the strenght for Jay
I let him kick a verse on "React" it was an Onyx single
Flex dropped bombs every night, we did a video
A black hockey team on ice, Survival of the Illest
To Apollo stage, heard he didn't get the React's verse
He felt some ways, then I seen him one time in a big body 5
Heard he got a deal with Sony, with Poke and Tone
Then this nigga gets shot cause of one of his song
Snitched on every nigga in Queens in the "Ghetto Qu'ran"
It's fucked up when you don't really know who shot ya
So he start naming names like Freeze, Preme and Tah-Tah
OG's in the hood they wanted to hang him
So he got what the younger niggas got
Guns from Bang Em, spent time out the hood
To hide out in the woods, in the Poconos
So he can heal his open holes
Had the whole south side, they really want him dead
Same time he got the south side tatted his back
No friends in the industry, he made it hard
Cause he dissed half the rappers on a record "How to Rob"
Sonsee always said "He sound like Ma$e" but his style
Changed after catching one in the face
He did some mixtapes, started getting money with Sha
And he kept popping shit about Sticky and Ja
While back in the hood he was making it worse
Heard his crew was on tour and he sent home Smurf
When I seen him in LA he wasn't acting that gangsta
Or when me and Tah Tah went on the set of "Wanksta"
He made a power move with Em and Dre
Its hard singing on a records like [?]
Heard this nigga Domination on the Sickamore tape
He rode with Smurf and them Silverback Guerillaz they killers
Said "Bang Em why you don't holla back at Fire, when real niggas
Get together fake niggas retire"
Same time your favorite rapper doing shows with Hova
[?] and Murder Inc and thought Ja was over
Then I seen him at the Vibe awards, we met backstage
He tried to swing, this nigga missed, this nigga is gay
But yo Smurf got the label we took it to Koch
We shot a video, right on your favorite rapper's block
He tried to run up on the set, he was rolling with cops
No respect in the hood, little kids threw rocks
At the Summer Jam niggas cheer, Silverbackz is up in here
South side is what they cheer, throw your guns up in the air!

[Outro: Fredro Starr]
Aha aha, yeah man
So called beef with you know who, know what I'm sayin'?
Cause yo real niggas know what I'm sayin'?
Real niggas bring it to the table and that should be known man
Other people money man.. straight up yo.. we ain't got time for that man
Put south side back together you heard?
Peace to my nigga PI, my nigga Coacheeks from the Lost Boyz
Rest in peace Freaky Tah
Domination, SBGz, Onyx for life, Sticky Fingaz, Sonsee
South suicide Queens, Rockaway boulevard, my niggas
My niggas Still Livin', Scarred 4 Life, my nigga Shine yo rep that you heard?
All my niggas on Guy Brew I'll see ya niggas
Jamaica Av what up? 2x
My nigga Spank G, Dot A Roc what up? 2x
Coke cash life niggas, yeah
Grandmasta Vic you know
You know what you mean to south side come on man
Niggas need to stop playing man, for real
Peace to my niggas on Rockaway boulevard, Liberty Av
My nigga Diamond D, Green eye Un, holla back