[Chorus: 50 Cent]
The walls have ears lil' nigga, I run New York
Even when I ain't there lil' nigga, I run New York
I said the walls have ears lil' nigga, I hear when you talk
Let's get this shit clear lil' nigga, I run New York

[Verse 1: 50 Cent]
I wake up, stare at the ceilin'
I'm alive, what a beautiful feelin'
I put my vest on right after I put on my drawers
It's a habit I'm always prepared for war
See my life's like some shit, you seen in a flick
Bitches act like pornstars when they sit on a dick
When I was hit and out the game I said "one more flick"
Test my aim in the range I'm like "one more clip"
It's my brain, I'm insane, I be on some shit
Man I run Interscope, Jada's tryna annoy me
Nuthin' but another disgruntled employee
He been in the game ten years and he still ain't rich
Even his mama upset that he still ain't shit
And he keep runnin his yap, like I'ma take all that
One more word out his mouth I'll push Style's shit back
See the nozzle on my tre pound is three inches long
And the trigger on the fo' fo's extremly strong
With a little tre douche is like pop, pop
Chase his ass up the block til his bitch ass drop
And the verses he be kickin' none of 'em hot
Cos he ain't got none of that shit he says he got
And he ain't did none of that shit he said he did
And I ain't got time to be talkin 'bout this shit, (fuckin' faggot)

[Chorus - 50 Cent]
I guess it's easy to see lil' nigga, I run New York
Yeah I live in CT lil' nigga, but I run New York
And I don't go to parties lil' nigga, but I run New York
And I stay gettin cheese lil' nigga, cos I run New York
(Yayo, tell 'em I run New York)

[Verse 2: Tony Yayo]
My gun is longer than yours, nigga, call your recouster
LOX made more money than them thin tiny suits
The game around south, drugs and rappin
Jada fuckin punchlines, my serp went platinum
Style's and Sheek Louch went double plastic
Yayo, Buck and Banks was puttin out classics
A hundred shots, a hundred clips, y'all ready to die
Fat Joe ain't a gangsta, he scared to fly
Automatic mossberg, who want a piece of this punk
I had Ja Rule buryed in some high heel punk
Feds stuck in a bullet-proof, man fuck that
Homie, shoot up my whip, you only leave a scratch
Yo, I slip cocaine, in your hotel lobby
And beat you wit my pistol like Caine did Chauncey
It's T.O.N.Y.Y.A.Y.O.,
My whole clique, gotto,my Os on the fly hole
C4s, we fly on linz
And my rocks lookin like, Flex likes yo' benz

[Chorus - 50 Cent]
When I'm down in DC lil' nigga, I tell 'em, I run New York
When I'm out in Philly lil' homie, I run New York
When I'm in VA I tell niggas guess what, I run New York
I'm in NC niggas holla at the moon, cos I run New York
(Yayo tell 'em I run New York)

[Outro: 50 Cent]
Now who the fuck told that lil' nigga he can talk to me like that? Catch my bottle up and roll him somewhere, [laughing] D.Y. wanna talk to me, wanna tell
Me what's goin on. Want me to serve him somethin' for real, cos I'll serve, murder [laughing] eh, eh get Puffy on the phone, tell him I said, tell the
Nigga I said get out the mil for a second let me talk to him. Puffy da only nigga a muthafucka pops, tell him I won't buy the nigga Jadakiss pokes. Nigga
Still ain't a coupe. Ah, nigga, you in da way. You owe money nigga, aw man, now why you make me put yo' business in da street. Now niggas know you ain't
Shit, damn! I see yo' punk ass in da paper, cos you ain't returnin them jewels you borrowed, you better give 'em back, you dirty nigga. Ain't none of that
Shit you be wearin yours. [laughing] We coulda kept this secret, nigga. These niggas I'm supposed to beef wit. Aw man, this fight is fixed, you been set
Up, [laughing] that's what he gonna say, "they set me up, man." I ain't even go through that