[Intro: Lloyd Banks]
I don't know what the FUCK y'all been doin'
But this what they want
I'd like to give a R.I.P. in advance
To all my enemies, die quick nigga!

[Verse 1: Lloyd Banks]
Straight outta Southside, crazy motherfucker named Bank-o
Crack rap, million dollar bankroll
Black 'Lac, with my outta state ho
These niggas talk gangsta but really ain't though (no!)
I'm a stormy night, you a rainbow
I'm a G, tight clothes ain't my thing bro
Fuck tha police with a HIV carrier
No Vaseline and an M-16 (yeah)
I'm ridin dirty but the Bent' pimp clean (yeah)
It got a body like I feed it Creatine
My birthstones are diamond, my favorite color's green
I smoke lean and piss Louie the 13 (boy!)

[Interlude: Tony Yayo]
Yeah, y'all motherfuckers shot my momma crib up
My sister, my niece in there
I'm gettin' y'all niggas hit for $500
I'ma be in London motherfucker

[Verse 2: Tony Yayo]
My name is Yayo, a crazy nigga don't play though
I hit your Planters peanut with the eight-oh
Al-Qaeda, expert murkin'
When all my niggas die they gon' have 80 virgins
In the 'burbs swervin, 'cause I'm drunk and I'm high
With that Glock, that pump, that MAC and fo'-five (break it down now!)
FUCK the police! They killed Sean Bell (WHAT?)
FUCK the Feds! I'll still deal fishscale (WHAT?)
Mini-Me niggas wanna copy my style
But legal aid lawyers ain't good for trial
Pull up to the projects and throw the kids 100's (I ain't lyin'!)
Drop-top Phantom got him sick in his stomach, brrrrrat!

[Interlude: 50 Cent]
These niggas is weak son
Lookin like cookies 'n cream to me
God damn, a fly man, a heartbeat man
Niggas know any of these niggas can get it

[Verse 3: 50 Cent]
Nigga this Boo-Boo, but you could call me 50
Fuck with me the police will have to get me
760-I, I ride, I'm a rider
Molotov, I toss that, you on fire
Beef pop, I stop talkin' and get quiet
And make the muzzle on the TEC look like it's on fire
My shit jam and un-jam like I planned it
Like I was just takin' a breather, I'm back blammin'
I'm Charles Bronson, Dirty Harry, with the cannon
You shootin' back but you ain't hittin' shit I'm still standin'
When shit don't go down smooth I don't panic
Switch pistols, switch hands, switch targets hit your man

[Outro: 50 Cent]
Yeah, nigga I'm straight outta Southside
I'm back on that gorilla shit, that cold-hearted killer shit
Nigga stunt with your mouth wide
We move around militant, we trained for some iller shit
Muh'fucker, Southside!