[Intro: Evil Dee]
(Yes yes y'all, yeah yeah y'all, yes to the yeah y'all, yes yes yeah y'all yeah)
Word up, R.A., Rock on!
(Yeah y'all, yes yes y'all, yeah y'all yes y'all, yeah yeah yes y'all)

[Hook 1: R.A. the Rugged Man (Agallah)]
We not like you other MC's
(Riding fake props)
I'll be in this rap shit till my fucking heart stops

[Hook 2:  R.A. the Rugged Man {Agallah}]
(We not like you other MC's)
Riding fake props (Evil Dee is on the mix, c'mon kick it!)
(Acting hard but you front in front of the cops)

[Verse 1: Agallah]
Karate flick co-starring Agallah and, me and you street sparring
Yo son what about Sharon
I'm in the mansion sipping Dom with Wong from Hong Kong
We smoking fucking hydro out the bong
You telling me Adolf the Assassinator "you the don"
Don what nigga, that's that old funny shit
Yo we got the information, yo where the money kid?
Fucking up ya generation like the mob
I'm on my job, yo Brooklyn New York street heart throb
Knock you out till your fucking face blob
8-Off the Assassinator, yo kid we hard
Yo smack you on some barbecue lard
Yo kid, yo niggas is hungry you god!
Yo, I know what time it is like clap and flash and shaft
Sit down with my niggas, smoke weed, watch a video and laugh
Yo, smacking bitches on the ass
Yo, anymore weed to pass?
That's the next question, the next suggestion
It's where your rhyme profession, sinking down the drain
Yo fuck his name, fuck the game
8-Off the Assassinator shooting like the flamethrower
Yo God, split the seas like Noah, or should I say Moses
Everything is not fucking dandelions and roses
Supposed to fold us, niggas chose us to rock us
8-Off the, stop us, see our dime droppers
Niggas with the shit poppers, I'm on some high school shit
Running through the fucking hall ripping open niggas lockers
Seeing if they stole my rhymes
Yo kid I'm giving niggas one more chance, one more time to enhance
Yo kid I seen a glance of a cat trying to steal my rap
All them niggas deserve is a smack
Adolf the, I don't like that
You a baby need to feed similac, yo god, how about that?
I seen you doubt that raw route that
Yo Adolf the, how you being to me?
Yo you need to wake up smelling the coffee

[Hook 1]

[Verse 2: R.A. The Rugged Man]
Cause we complain daily, cursed with all types of bad lucks
It's common sense, "everybody's life sucks"
Don't you know that? I knew this, my whole life
The anglo-saxon, Caucasian, low life
The no money broke life, the subway cup holders
Street corners, constantly look over you shoulders
It's official, we dirty crusty, till death do us, or does us
It's a shame ain't nobody love us
Plus understand this Rugged Man be who the man is
I'm trying to piss on white bitches, trying to act like they Spanish
My two fists light you, if I fight you, I bite you
Like Mike Tyson, we street-fighting
The money, pussy, plus the glamour, none of it's exciting
I'm sick of living, I stay depressed make me wanna give in
(Make me wanna give in, make me wanna give in, make me wanna give in)
I'm not gonna be able to do this shit y'all
Suffolk County that's the place we live
Exit 6-2 crazy ass Stonybrook kids
Vinnie Baretta Human Beatbox Bum, who be the sickest?
Nobody sicker, your click's thick but mine's thicker
I rock wit ya, who iller? You outta place
Got big balls whip the dick out, fuck you in your face
The beautiful, the rap leader, the lack of cash dreamer
The 450 lb fat bitch ass-eater
Yo ask MC Hammer if he seen her
I need a freak like Adina, yo Agallah bring the heater
They biting styles like mosquita
But fuck them I stay creeping, which bitch wanna get they pussy eaten?
Super-freak hideous
I went to school on the special ED minibus
Can't trust us, bust us, who rugged? Us
Adolf Agallah, R.A. the Rugged Man

[Hook 1 x2]

[Hook 2 x2]

[Outro: Evil Dee]
Word up, know what I'm saying, Evil Dee in your area
If you listening on cassette, you better turn that motherfucker over
If you got a CD, let that motherfucker play
Cause we going on to the next side