[Intro: Agallah talking]
Yeah yeah. Yo yo. You know the world getting ready to cease. So everybody rest in peace, yanah'msayin? Here's your life pleas. At least, nahm'saying? Y'all ain't gon' be looking forward to be trying to go to Hell or Heaven. Cause we all know we goin' one place. Haha. Yeah, yeah. To all the...double platinum rappers, I'm coming after ya. Haha. Think not? As the words...

[Verse One]
Who told God to create the Heavens?
8-Off did
Who told the Devil, "Yo, step off."
8-Off did
Who told the Dominicans to take Spanish Harlem?
Agallah did
Excuse me for a moment but anybody know where Agallah is?
Who told Manhattan we need to fix up that old Brooklyn Bridge?
So we can have a place to walk and chill with Brooklyn kids
I'm in Jersey, straight up looking for my man Viz
That's my dude right there
And we gon' get in this biz
Y'all know what time it is
Damn skippy, watch Rolly
You know we do when this world blow up, I wish I knew
Made this whole jam just for you and your crew
Drop the single '95 and it still sound new

[Hook]
To the 5 star millas
The big wheelers
The world where girls fall in love with drug dealers
Three piece suiters, Buicks, limos and music
Big stars next to the bars, money and cars
To the wild brothers
And pregnant baby mothers
Breaking MC ass brothers who still love us
On the jail to the PJ's struggling to survive
I'm here to tell y'all keep your dreams alive

[Verse Two]
Who told all the record labels, "On the real, y'all need to team up"?
Who told Jordan to retire, "The dream is up"?
My flows like straight cream right inside of a cup
Take one sip and then I rip, y'all niggas get stuck
A battle me?
None of y'all rappers don't even want it
Shows this is record family, and that's how I'm on it
600's and mansions duke, that's how I flaunt it
Sipping Grand Monya right outta antique gauntlets
I be like, "Mirror mirrors on the wall
8-Off the Assassin you're the best MC overall"
This is for my peoples out there that just don't care
[?] rap niggas that's killing, get yo' ass the fuck outta here

[Hook]