[8-Off Agallar]
Feelin kinda tense and angry
Gotta let out my frustration y'know?
Yeah yeah, B.K
Agi, yo yo..

I'm CHARGED! You phony-ass platinum rap stars
CHARGIN! Niggas ain't givin back thinkin they large
I'm CHARGIN! Niggas spin bullshit thinkin they Gods
I'm CHARGED! I got the gat on alla y'all
I'm CHARGED!

The high adrenaline, rap veteran, rap better than
Fuck you and your album in the stores the shit is sellin in
I blow shit, cast a rock too, plus a Glock too
Fuck a bitch I let her suck your cock too
Do what you go to
Man I turn the dial pump the volume I'm about to wild soon
Flippin up a style for these heads like Vi-dal Sassoon
I smoke mad boom, suckin chronic, like a vacumn
Make fuckin deals outside the club bathroom
Cork champagne like your, stomach's immune
I'm in the room behind the bookshelf where the cards get dealt
Transactions, money business along with heavy action
Big spenders cash give us REAL satisfaction
Man I, make beats and rhymes it's sorta like a threat
My shit is, takin off so I'm sorta like a jet
My rhymes burn niggas like gas inside of a Corvette
Do the three-sixty spin, and all that shit
The beast rip the stones of the watch what you call that kid?
Bezel - yeah my level, is all that kid
Plus a rebel don't, make me have to push in your wig
They did it to B.I.G. - them niggas from New York can't live
Unless you smackin em down, backin em down, back in your town
With the forty-four, mac and a pound, blastin rounds
Snatchin your crown, it's time to start passin it down
It ain't nuttin like a, lick of mega ice, holdin it down
You rollin for now? Me and Tone'll pull out your file
You notice the style, none of y'all goin the mile
I'm goin your pow, flip verses to show em it's wild
Niggas don't wanna step in the ring
They just throw in the towel
Matter of fact I'm the opposite meanin of trash
Just copped a brand new 6, and I'm leanin on the dash
No longer fiendin for the cash
Park a whip, ride a bike on your ass
Stop the show and grab the mic on your ass
With my nigga Tony Touch, on the 1 and 2 Technics
Taino indian cats, shinin, as we speak
The terminology of the logic, it's all psychologic
Man, I think you cornball rappers is garbage
And I'm charged!!