[Intro: AUGUST 08]
Yeah, yeah, da, da, da
Said, ah, ah, ah, no starvin', ahem, yeah

[Verse 1: AUGUST 08]
Hope is gone, is gone, since I've been in Arizona, yeah
I fell in love, in love, since I've been in Arizona
Ooh, when the sun crawls through the blinds, I know exactly who to call
Watching the sunset in your eyes but I spend the night alone

[Chorus: AUGUST 08]
Ooh, in Arizona, in Arizona, in Arizona
Ooh, in Arizona, in Arizona, in fucking Arizona

[Verse 2: Rich Brian]
Transporting through the land, searching for the desert sand
World tour, Jodeci, "Diary of a Mad Band"
4 AM, microdose, feelin' like a mad man
Don't want none of that, eyes on the game plan
Pink haze, lemonade, Ma said, “Brian can’t misbehave”
But I feel like Yeezy beamin' out the Milky Way
People try to stop me, but I'm surfing through the waves
I know, not yet in my peak don't need to give a lightshow
People wonderin' where in the fuck is Indo
Starin' at my screen, I need a fuckin' window
Yeah, cold out so I wear a mink coat
Damn, it feel good to be a boss
Eyes wide open like I'm smokin' on the rocks
Never spent bread even though I got a lot
Still like to rap even though I sing a lot
Money flipper, I'm earnin' burnin' Catalina wine mixer
Workin' out so much, you might just see me in the Sixers
I'm lookin' pretty good, you might just wanna hide your sisters
I put 'em in their feelings, get them listenin' to SZA
Top down, ass up, pussy so good got me doin' backflips
Vivid memories of her on my mattress
Damn it taste good, drink it from the cactus
Zero gravity in the room like NASA
All I hear is heartbeats goin' faster
Mention everything, fuck it it's the last song
Asked you a question, where's the fuckin' answer?

[Chorus: AUGUST 08]
Ooh, in Arizona, in Arizona, in Arizona
Ooh, in Arizona, in Arizona, in fucking Arizona

[Verse 3: Rich Brian]
Everyday I gotta regulate, only thing you couldn't do was pray
Remind me of the pussy that I ate, hit 'em with another power play
Man, let’s face it, they don’t really listen to the music
They just want to take a trend and then go use it
Been a minute since I heard a lyric
That can move somebody and their feelings
I just started spittin' and I'm killin' it
I love these women I'm a feminist
I just talk and they call me a lyricist
I'ma make a debut album after this
It's the end, but I'm just getting started
Feel like the finale and the pilot's being friends
I'm the one and only
But I swear about a thousand Indonesian kids will come with me

[Outro: Rich Brian]
Say goodbye to your baby girl
Say goodbye to your picket fence
You're about to get drafted, drafted
Drafted in the war games
We've been watchin' down in Panama
Within our Valentino camouflage
Lookin' like I'm drafted, drafted
Drafted in the war games

[Skit: Rich Brian & Sean Miyashiro]
Yeah, I fuckin' love The Office
Dude, when I saw the season finale I literally cried
I cried, I've never cried that hard before
Really? Why?
Yeah, 'cause it was so emotional
What happened?
What?
What happened?
Um, Michael Scott fuckin' died
Really?
Yeah
How?
Umm, I think he died from a heart attack. He couldn't like handle the depression of the office anymore
Oh my god
Yeah
Were people crying?
Yeah
Damn, I did not know that
Mm-hmm
He died?
Yeah
So they killed him off the show?
Yeah, on the last fuckin' episode
Amen