[Intro]
Amy!
Amy! Amy, you listening? Fuckin' hell!
You need to settle the fuck down
You're starting to lose your shit!
It's okay to party and have a bit of fun and shit
But you're fuckin' just, you're going overboard
You're embarrassing me
You're embarrassing your fucking family and friends
Just chill the fuck out for a bit (God)

[Verse 1]
Okay, goddamn, Amy, Amy, Amy
I've been kind of embarrassed, yo, but who the fuck can blame me?
One day you love me, the next day you hate me
I'm sick of making all these damn excuses for you lately
I've been meaning to talk but I've had to pick the best times
It's not just the drugs though, you're rackin' up the headlines
You have a bump and start rackin' up the next line
And if we have to leave the house, you'll rack 'em up the next time
(Oh, we'll do that next time, yeah?) You're stupid if you think your folks won't know
Come on, let's leave the house, Am', the coke won't go
(Come on, really?) But, really yo, I'm sorry for that low, low blow
I took your arse to rehab, you're like "No! No! No!"
Yeah, you need to make a suitable choice
Get off the crackie and try and save that beautiful voice
Just stop and think for a minute, yo, you're Amy Winehouse, baby
Just don't overdo it, I'd hate it for you to die now

[Chorus: Amy Winehouse (Sampled)]
Amy, Amy, Amy (Fuck yeah)
(Party time now, bitch) Although I've been here before
Amy, Amy, Amy (Yeah)
He's just too hard to ignore (Ayy, chuck us that bottle)
(I know that) Masculine you spin a spell (Yeah, yeah)
I think you'd wear me well (Oh, fuck)
Amy, Amy, Amy (Can't even feel my face, dude)
Where's my moral parallel?

[Verse 2]
Fuck yeah, Amy, Amy, Amy
The trashiness aside, in the bed, you go crazy
Honestly, I can't get enough of it lately
I'm all for a girl who loves to fuck me like they hate me
Yeah Amy, I fuckin' love you, baby
We've had a non-stop party since the remix with Jay-Z
Yeah, I mighta said it, having drugs is trouble, son
But, while you're up babe, can you rack me up another one?
I ain't done shit, yo, I'm lappin' up the summer fun
Being a fuckin' trashbag, it has me stuck like bubblegum
Yeah, now she's got me equally as trashbag
Walking London streets with half a bottle of Jack Dan's
Having people sayin' maybe I should lie down
Fuck out of my face, I'm all over the high now (You don't fuckin' know me)
I just hope we don't overdo it and die now
But I could give a fuck, as long as I'm in the wine house

[Chorus: Amy Winehouse (Sampled)]
Amy, Amy, Amy (Yeah, yeah)
(Fuck yeah, I fuckin' love this shit) Although I've been here before
(I love this life) Amy, Amy, Amy (No reality whatsoever)
Ayy, you're too hard to ignore (Yeah)
Masculine you spin a spell (Ayy, yeah, fuck yeah)
I think you'd wear me well (Ayy, Amy, have another line)
Amy, Amy, Amy (Oi, Amy)
Where's my moral parallel? (Another line)

{Outro]
Amy! Amy! Amy! Fuck!
Amy! Amy! Fuck!
Uh! Fuck!
Yeah, quickly, I need an ambulance! My girlfriend just overdosed
Amy! She's on um, heroin and coke
Send someone over, quickly!
Quick! Amy!
(Amy, Amy, Amy)
Fuck!
(Although I've been here before)
Fucking knew this would happen!
(Amy, Amy, Amy)
Fuck!
(He's just too hard to ignore)
(Masculine, he spins a spell)
Wake up!
Amy, please! Just wake up!
(I think he'd wear me well)
Tried to tell you, tried to tell you to stop this shit!
(Amy, Amy, Amy)
Fucking knew this would happen!
(So where's my moral parallel?)
Fuck!
(Amy, Amy, Amy)
(Although I've been here before, yeah)
(Amy, Amy, Amy)
(He's just too hard to ignore)
(Masculine, he spins a spell)
Amy! Amy! Can you hear me?
(I think he'd wear me well, yeah)
Wake up!
(Oh, please)
Please wake up!
(Where's my moral parallel?)
Fuck!