[Intro - spoken]
Hello?
(Hello, Six, what ya doin'?)
Oh, just Facebook man
(Yeah, right, what ya doin' tonight?)
Just Facebook man
(Um, so, should come out Saturday, it's gonna be sick)
Nah, I got plans ay
(Yeah, ah, what are you doing?)
Just probably Facebook man
Hahahahaha

[Verse 1]
Yo, I'm a motherfucking Facebook fiend
Fuck Myspace, it's FB
So if you want someone to talk to, befriend me
Yo, I got four-thousand friends but I'm out for more
And I won't stop until I get another thousand more
I deleted one girl, she had a duck face
And this awkward lean that made me wanna smash and chuck plates
I had to block this angry nutcase (Why?)
That's because your status updates are wack as fuck, mate
Why you do that tag?
If you tag me in a pic that ain't mine then I'll remove that tag, gone
If you know people to add, go and SMS them
'Cause I find this is the best way to get attention
I don't care about the clubs and events your sending
I just care about the friends that you're recommending
Yo, I wanna sit there all day friend requestin'
And if they ask why, I'll blame it on my friend suggestions

[Break 1 - spoken]
"Dear Veronica
Thank you for accepting my add
No, I don't know you, but you look pretty cute, aye?
If you're from Melbourne, I was just wondering if you would like to get together and have a lime milkshake with me one time
Cheers babe"

[Verse 2]
Yo, I know there's others out there who wanna co-sign this
Now we lucky that we got it on our mobiles, sick
You can see me in some pictures but I don't smile, bitch
And I always give the fingers in my profile pics, yeah
And that's a fact unless I'm taking an ab shot
And I'm a screamer, I'm always writing in caps lock
And I'm a nerd in real life but I'm thuggin' on my laptop
So if you wanna fight, I got my gat cocked
I've got pictures of the bling that I wanna score
And I've got pictures of the rims on my Commodore
And fuck with me and you will see your funeral, blat
Check my arms out, Times Roman Numeral tatts
When it comes to hair, I only rock tips
I got 'em done in year 8 and they've been blonde since
I know you wanna be motivational, yo, but
Fuck you and your inspirational quotes, bitch

[Break 2 - spoken]
"Hey babe, I'm selfish, impatient, a little insecure
I make mistakes, I'm out of control and at times hard to handle
But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best."
Get fucked, I do not agree (Hahahaha)

[Verse 3]
Yo, to all my friends out there, yo, I'd like you to know this
Whether online or offline, I don't like to be poked, kids
But now I'm searching just to find me a hoe
But you ain't Kylie Minogue, so why you strikin' a pose?
Shit, she's hot, I wanna date that chick
But she got emo statuses, I fucking hate that shit (Ah, fuck!)
And let's be honest that's a dumb look, thank you
And all your pics are taken from an upwards angle
Listen, if we can tell you got a huge head now
Any time you meet a guy then it's a huge let down
You're hiding and you'll find that you're lying
While denying it as well, I can tell, so you're lying to yourself
Yo, I know you like to upload pics
But we wanna see you smiling from the front though, bitch
If there's one thing I learnt off Myspace
It's to never have a blind date with a girl who always likes to hide her face

[Outro]
"Excuse me, are you Matt?"
"Um, nup, nah, not me babe"