[Intro:]
Keeping time with the awesome view
Cause what you give (what you give)
Is coming backing to you
(how good)
It's 360
I had to get my partner in crime on this one
Everybody meet big lip Pez
Now this is my lead single, so you know it's good
How good, six? Pretty good, mate you know check it

[Verse 1: 360]
First of all these days are full of cliche, peak game
All you dudes need change
You need to rearrange, switch up your game plan
Dress like me in the dark with your Ray Ban's
All your clothes should be name brand (Stuss!)
And only go for girls with bleached hair and fake tan

[Verse 2: Pez]
Not me, I'm sipping liquor with vigour until I face plant
While I'm in this same stance, that's right, eighth can
You know the type you see acting like a cave man
Who hasn't got rhythm so he has to watch his mates dance
I'll be out till they close the city
You know I'm representing Dipper in my clothes from Dimmy's

[Verse 3: 360]
Yo, we think were top shit cause we're mates with the bouncer
We're walking straight through while it takes you an hour, ha-ha!
Where's the lynx, fuck taking a shower!
The girls are like cakes with their face full of powder

[Hook:]
(How good is your game?)
How good is your game? Just tell me (The game you play)
Forget following trends, we're not copying them
No way!
(How good is your game?)
How good is your game? Just tell me. (The game you play)
So so
If you're a stereotype then get to steppin' aside

[Verse 4: Pez]
I understand why you look all sad
Cause all the emos that we know just need hope
But I'm sick of cats all wearing these fitted hats, cause that stickers whack mate, you need to get rid of that

[Verse 5: 360]
Yo all that money that you spent wasn't worth it man!
Fuck fitted hats; me I'm more of a turban fan
My styles bummy, I shop around for worser brands
But fuck it up rockin' kicks that are worth a grand

[Verse 6: Pez]
You know the circumstance, get a bourbon and try to work a girl by returning her a nervous glance
She thinks that I'm a surfie with a perfect tan
So I tell her listen we're not rappers we're an urban band

[Verse 7: 360]
Yo we're the raver dudes flippin' out in purple pants
Chatting pig Latin for smoking on the herbal plants
Uck-fay, ou-yay! Monday, Tuesday!
Whose your favourite rapper, guys?
Kanye, Lupe! Ha-ha, it's not even!

[Hook:]
(How good is your game?)
How good is your game? Just tell me (The game you play)
Forget following trends, we're not copying them
No way!
(How good is your game?)
How good is your game? Just tell me. (The game you play)
So so
If you're a stereotype then get to steppin' aside

[Verse 8: 360]
I lose control when I groove to the beat
I swing my torso without moving my feet
And I like to nod my head if it's a suitable beat
With a nice smile showing off my beautiful cheeks

[Verse 9: Pez]
This dude, he can move and it's truly unique but see I'd rather get down counting my steps out
Cause I don't dance or even think of it brother
At my shows the whole crowd are walking into each other
I can't dance for shit
I can't stand or sit but it's clearly understood I walk really fuckin' good
So just trust me, don't test my walk, the rest all talk shit but when they step on the floor they get smoked

[Verse 10: 360]
Hey, you know he's doing the walk
It's no joke, yeah, so watch me do it some more
And nowadays everybody's looking the same
Ask yourself one thing; how good is your game?

[Chorus]
How good is your game?
(How good is your game? Just tell me.) The game you play
Forget following trends, we're not copying them. No way!
How good is your game?
(How good is your game? Just tell me.) The game you play
So so
If you're a stereotype then get to steppin' aside
How good is your game? How good is your game?
The game you play
How good is your game? How good is your game?
The game you play
How good is your game?