[Intro: 360]
Uh, yeah

[Pre-Verse: 360]
I feel 'em, I feel 'em, they trying to slow us down
We hear 'em, we hear 'em, but see we don't know how

[Verse 1: 360]
Now I'm seeing what I need to be
Running on through with a need for speed
One of the few with something to prove
And nothing to lose, so leave us be
If you feel like there's nothing to live for
Honestly, why the fuck would you live for?
That's the reason I give it all
But still feel the need to give a little more
Uh, now I feel like there's nothing more to say
Uh, I understand what I'm in it for
I know I could run this all the way
I won't get another chance if I miss it all
See if could have a crystal ball, I wouldn't
'Cause I like it when there's risk involved
It's the stuff, lights so rare
It's too fast, I don't care

[Hook: 360]
I know we just got started, baby, I don't care, woah
I know we just got started, baby, I don't care, woah, oh

[Pre-Verse: Pez]
I feel 'em, I feel 'em, they trying to slow us down
We hear 'em, we hear em but see we don't know how

[Verse 2: Pez]
See, we all need an outlet
But it seems it's a dream that most people ain't found yet
I knew it was out there, somehow from the outset
But believe me, it ain't easy picking a different route
It took a bit of living to figure out
Most keep on fitting in with the crowd
I don't fight it, there's no time to slow ride it
It'll all go by you, shit, life is too short to cruise forth
Gotta keep improving and move forward
Let the rest all happen in due course
Down there, I've been there before, don't want to be anymore
So hold steady while I walk this tightrope
I know I might fall but I don't care

[Hook: 360]
I know we just got started, baby I don't care... woah oh oh oh
I know we just got started, baby I don't care... woah ooh
Woah... oh oh!
Woah... oh oh!
Woah... oh oh!
Woah... oh oh!
I know we just got started, baby I don't care... woah oo oh oh!
I know we just got started, baby I don't care... woah oo oh oh!
I know we just got started, baby I don't care... woah oo oh oh!
I know we just got started, baby I don't care... woah oo oh oh!
I know we just got started, baby I don't care... woah oo oh oh!