[Intro: 360 & PEZ]
Ayy, PEZ, mate
I reckon it's safe to say you really don't know anyone mate
Nah, I know 'em mate, I know everyone mate
You, you actually, no, you don't know anyone
I've got a mate, I've got mates
I've got 'em, I've got my mates, don't you worry about that
You've got mates?
No I know 'em, I know 'em all
I've got lots of mates, I've got 'em
You don't have any mates? You don't know anyone, mate
I've got 'em
Nah, you don't know anyone, mate
You don't know me
Nah, you don't even know, you don't even know you!
I know a couple people...

[Verse 1: PEZ & 360]
Ha ha, PEZ, ayy yo
I've gotta come clean, I'm such a drug fiend
You'll probably see me shootin' up sunscreen with Mundine (30+)
I love speed, if there's lines I'm havin' ten dozen
I'm tryna keep my head buzzin' like Ben Cousins (Ice)
Yo, I went on a date with Scarlett Johansson
I brought 60 along and then we asked for a tandem
(how about both of us?)
Nah, what I really did was ask her father for ransom
(Give me money or I'll shit in the spa bath at her mansion)
And it's true I slept with Jennifer Aniston (friends)
The bitch is so skinny that it felt like havin' sex with a skeleton (oh, come on, bones)
It's like I was lyin' there in bed with a mannequin
Instead of laying there, yo, I should have made her wear clothes
And pose, hoes love me 'cause I used to be on Star Wars
Yeah? What was your part called? I think his name was Darth Maul
And you should see me, I can take a piece of cardboard
And make it look exactly like it's Mark Waugh's passport (that's four runs)
This shit's an art form, shout-outs to Kylie Minogue
Last night, thanks for drivin' me home
I'm known for leavin' bodies out there turnin' in the cemetery
But last night's the first time I murdered a celebrity (I promise)
I killed MC Hammer, I need an alibi
He said "Can't touch this", I said "Fuck off, it's hammer time!"
I love to paraglide, that's why I'm paralysed
Shit, I tried to fly and hit the Channel 9 satellite (my bad)
But luckily I own every single section of the company (I do)
And nothing can be done to me (that's right)
I was just about ready to fire Eddie McGuire
But he paid me half a mil' and said he'd semi-retire (lock it in, Eddie)
I'm so happy to say that way back in the day
I gave 2Pac a crew cut with a toothbrush (nice and clean)
Yeah I'm a true thug (yeah), the type of guy who can't cry
So I try to start fights down at Moomba (ah!)
And Justin Timberlake, all your fuckin' shit is fake (that's right)
If I ever see that chump, I'm gonna punch him in his face (ayy?)
And take him home and stuff in an oven till he bakes
So I can give him to his mother as a muffin or a cake (there you go)

[Interlude: 360 & PEZ]
Mate, you talk out of your fuckin' arse
More than anyone I've ever met
Mate, you don't even have fuckin' mates
Mate, I've got mates! I've got mates, mate
No, you don't
I already fuckin' told you!
I told you that last time! You're an arsehole, mate, I told you!

[Verse 2: 360]
I sell picture of celebrities, I'm all about the dollar bills
I caught Bob the Builder poppin' pills with Dr. Phil (Phil)
My folks say that I need to make an honest mil'
That's why I rob and steal, to get my pockets filled
(Give me your fuckin' money) And yo, Pink was part of Linkin Park
Until they found out she wrote the song for Pick-a-Part
(Pick-a-Part, Pick-a-Part, Pick-a-Part, Pick-a-Part...)
I stay skipping class with Vanilla Ice
That's the only reason I can explain all of my ninja scars
I'm known to hang with lead singers like Keith Richards
I leave 'em grief stricken sellin' them my cheap pingers
I got caught by Chief Wiggum but they need a witness
'Cause all they got is Lisa Simpson and Peter Griffin (Mwah)
I had a face-off with Nicholas Cage
Scared him so bad he had to pick a different name
Started with Timothy, Dave, then Jimmy and Ray
Then turned bitch and he ended up with Imogen Bailey
(Who the fuck's that?)
I never share food and if they ask to give 'em a taste
I fold my napkin pleasantly and then I spit in their face
You should see what all the critics have claimed (Fuck you!)
They say I'm scamming dudes and class me next to Christoper Skase (Cripple)
'Cause I'm blinging and I say I work for minimum wage
But then I roll homeless people screamin' "Gimme ya change, ya cunt!"
I played an extra with Ricky Gervais
And started stabbing his back, and he stopped and said
"You 'aving a laugh? Is he 'aving a laugh?!"
I've got a plan to swap wives for Posh Spice
'Cause it's the only way I'll ever see the spotlight
If Beckham finds out, I'll say that she's not mine
And say I hate his missus, she ain't even in my top five (she's ugly, mate)
But then he sees us in a porno getting watched live
I had frostbite, that's the reason for my cock size (Whoop!)
I'm the type to watch chickens have a cock fight
You're the type to watch men have a cock fight (mine's bigger)
I spent my last year chillin' down in Bondi
I'm so fucking good that I can clock time (what does that mean?)
Arrogance, I know that everybody wants mine
I'll go to a Nas show and I'll only throw the Roc sign
And I'm a straight G, since eigteen
I done been finna eating baked beans with Jay-Z
And Vince Vaughn might be six-four
Man, you think that shit's tall? Motherfucker, I'm an inch more
And last year, we were support acts for Tin Door
We came out wearin' all red doing the Crip walk (Westside!)
And is your dick sore? (Why?) Because you're piss poor
Only make money with keyboards, pressin' Shift-four

[Outro: 360 & PEZ]
You ain't a dog
Mate, I told you, I know everyone, mate
You don't know, you made 'em up
Mate, I fuckin' know everyone
Mate, I know PEZ
Mate, I know, I fuckin', I know Forthwrite mate
You don't know anyone mate
You're a fuckin' liar
What are you talking about?
You're a fuckin'...ha ha
Forthwrite