[Intro]
Uh, yeah
Get down with fucking trap arms and shit, nah
I'm not gonna rap like a young thug on this shit, ayy
Ayy

[Verse]
I've got broads in Dromana who listen to Korn and Nirvana
There's plenty of fish, I went and caught a piranha
Don't jump the gun
Listening to this shit'll pump you up
Shit's so raw but it's never underdone
Your top five better have six number one
But I'm proud as fuck if I swallow it
Better be getting ready for stomach pump
If I leave it, I better get a tummy tuck
Not ready to be a rapper with a chubby gut, no
I'm the highest I have ever gone
On a level you were never on
In the best shit I have ever worn
All I'm hearing's "where'd you get it from?"
This isn't cute
Rappers are terrible, this is the truth
I'm thinking this shit so I'm thinking of you
Like "what the fuck have I been listening to?"
In the studio, they rock up
They walk in, they're like "what's up?"
Find them a beat where the drop's tough
And spend a minute in the shit like "job done!"
It's like damn, you and your man
All you be thinking when making your jams
Kicking catchphrases and making a slam
Think of words that they can say in their chant
Know it's working so you cater to fans
Fuck 'em all, you? I'll be making a stand
See that label? They will pay your advance
Stab you in the back while shaking your hand
See to them? Real shit's corny
They don't listen to shit, they ignore it
Their condition to think that it's boring
They want that ignorant shit inapplaudded
Rather be hitting a lick, dick in a chick
Drinking at six in the morning
'Stead of political shit that is riddled with everything that you think isn't important
This is your warning, smarten up
Say how you feel, they're like harden up
All I want, a culture that's hard as fuck
In order to do that, they target us (wooh)
The powers to be they not being honest
American radio got them some bosses
And look at the prisons, he got ‘em some stock in (wooh)
Why? When prisons are filling the stock hits a rocket
So, what is the logical model to fill all them pockets with dollars? It's gotta be obvious
What is a prominent topic of all of the songs at the top is
They talk of a life in a popular genre
They glorify crime and they want you to want it
They don't want your conviction, they want you as convicts
Even provide you that rock in your pocket
But they are the ones who are profiting from it (wooh)
The cops on the block, they don't want you to want it
Their jobs are more promised when locking up convicts
You go to prison, you top up their wallets (yeah)
You learning that life is not what you wanted
So, when you get out, you promise to stop it
Because of your past, you not get a job again (nah)
Apologies, sorry, I gotta be honest
You needing to eat, you gotta get dollars
You're forced to go out on the block and just hock again
I sorry to say they don't want you to change
What good are morals? There's dollars to make
The US of A, convict anonymous (yeah)
I sorry to say they  want you to change
What good are morals? There's dollars to make
The US of A, convict anonymous

[Outro]
Yes, I'm so fucking glad that I did that in one take
Fucking, fucking gl- I'm so gleeful now
I've-I've been like fucking doing this
So many times and just fucking it up
Because I haven't got it downpat yet
But, that time, I just fucking did it
[?] Got a fucking semi now
You should see my dick, it's like that big
But like, on a floor, it looks- kind of looks mad
I'm just joking, eh, my cock's like that big on a floor