[Intro: PEZ]
Club fuck

[Verse 1: PEZ & 360]
Hey yo
I called ‘6 on Thursday night (hello 360)
So we could make plans for Friday night
He said: "We could go drink a [?] bar"
I was like "Yeah, that’s my favourite spot"
Nah I really called PEZ like yo man its me ‘6
Come ‘round to my joint for some pre-drinks
Mate, I’m already standing at the front door
I’ve been here for ages. Yo, what the fuck for?
An hour ago it was shut, so I knocked
And you said you were comin’. Oh, fuck! I forgot
Hey can you call us a taxi dad
Nah, I’ve already ordered a maxi-cab
What? What for? There’s only you and me now
Yeah, but fuck that, I wanna stretch my feet out
Well hurry up, let's polish this bottle off
Which bottle? The one at the bottle shop

[Chorus]
Let's go we need to get fucked up
"I get down on the dance-floor"
"Yeah, yeah"
Let's go we need to get fucked up
"Everybody jockin' me as soon as I step in the spot"
"Okay, okay"

[Verse 2: PEZ & 360]
Yeah, as we cruise through the parking lot
Step out while we’re moving fuck waiting for the car to stop
You know when me and ‘6 hit a nightclub
That they’re on our dicks so we don’t need to line up
It doesn’t matter what the door price is
‘Cause we give a little smile and we walk right in
To the bar, to the girl on that all night shift
Like "it’s Forthwrite bitch, fucking pour my drink"
Hey, tell her put more lime ‘6
(Does he want more lime?) Nah just put more ice in
Did you do it? Yeah ‘course I did
Okay bitch, give us four more like this
Hey, let's head to the old-school room
We can get our dance on to some soulful tunes
Ah man, I fuckin' hate this song
Me too! Let's go and get some Jagerbombs (Nah)
What do you want then? I’ll have a whiskey and dry
Just so I can peg it at this bitch in the white
Why? Yo, she tryin' to give you the eye
Nah man, I’m pretty sure that she’s picking a fight
Nah, forget that I feel like kickin’ a rhyme
Tell the DJ to fuckin' give me the mic
Hey yo DJ this is ’60, all right?
He’s gonna come up there and start spitting some rhymes

[Interlude: 360 & PEZ]
Hey yo this club’s shit
We know the manager yo, PEZ reckons he’s a fuckwit
Nah man, I reckon he’s a good bloke
Yeah, cheers for giving us that good coke

[Mid-Verse: M-Phazes, PEZ & 360]
Oi, get the fuck off the stage
Settle down! Yeah, fuck off mate!
What’d you say? You dudes looked pretty pissed
I’ll kick you’s out! Mate we don’t give a shit

[Chorus]
Let's go we need to get fucked up
"I get down on the dance-floor"
"Yeah, yeah"
Let's go we need to get fucked up
"Everybody jockin' me as soon as I step in the spot"
"Okay, okay"

[Verse 3: PEZ & 360]
Shit yo, don’t look now
There's a rapper walking up with his notebook out
"Hey ‘6 I got your album" Yeah, what are your thoughts bro?
"Fuckin’ sick" Yeah yeah I thought so
"Oh, MCD, can I spit you a sixteen?"
Nah, I gotta go over here with ‘60
Tell the DJ to chuck on a slow song
Yeah, I wanna do the robot
Hey yo, PEZ man, come to the bar now
Nah, fuck man, I think I need to calm down
I might just go and get a pass out
What for mate? So I can go outside and pass out
Ah, look at your little bitch arse
PEZ mate, yo, I thought you could drink hard
Here, you can have all my drink cards
I don’t need that shit, I’ve got a hip-flask

[Chorus]
I'm only here to get fucked up
"I get down on the dance-floor"
"Yeah, yeah"
I'm only here to get fucked up
"Everybody jockin' me as soon as I step in the spot"
"Okay, okay"

[Outro: PEZ, M-Phazes & Illy]
Two more shots babe, let's do this
Nope fellas, time to, time to go fellas, bar’s closing up
Nope, nuh! Mate, the girls finish...
Ah, just stay for a couple!
Ah ah ah ah, you heard him, three more!
Listen, don’t give them anymore
Time to go fellas, time for you to leave
Ah I don’t know if it is time to go yet
Mate, look at the fucking badge, you know what this means!?
It means you’re a fucking poof mate
It means security!
It means balls on your cheek
Mate! Oi get the fuck out time to leave fellas
Time for you to go home
Protest
You’re fucking banned! You’re banned
Get your hands off me mate!
We’re chilling out
All right, we’re going mate
We’ll be back next week
No you’re not coming back here mate
I’ll see you in the morning bro
You’re not coming back to this club, mate
Go to another fucking club
Ah well, we’ll be back
Fuck well, you’re not coming back here buddy
We’re coming, we’re coming, nine o' clock
Fuck off! Oi, cunt
Nice face cunt
See ya bro
Yeah, yeah!
Forthwrite bitch, you faggot
Every fucking week