[Intro: PEZ]
Forthwrizzy son, let's go

[Verse 1: 360 & PEZ]
Ayo, I walk in the room like "'60 is here!"
I keep on saying it till somebody gives me a beer
Yeah, a comfortable style, wonderful smile
You don't like me, you're stuck in denial
Yeah, I walk in the room like "PEZ is in the room"
Make the most of it people, I'll be exiting it soon
Ridiculous flow, bitch you should know
There isn't anybody better that's why everybody says it
(Forthwrite) It's PEZ homie, you know me
The dude walking the club in the fluro jeans
Yeah, don't even act like you don't know '6
When you go sick that your throats go....
Hearing rude folks boo us
That's like having 2Pac fans in the Ku Klux Klan
Yeah, it doesn't happen because you love rappin'
So much that even if you don't you still go nuts

[Chorus: Zoe Marshall, Hailey Cramer, Raymes & Ella Hooper (PEZ)]
They try to tell me what to say (Wanna critique our songs)
They try to tell me to write, but what do the people want?
They try to tell me what to say (Yeah)
But I write
I write what I like

[Verse 2: 360 & PEZ]
If you say you don't support Aussie Hip-Hop
Who gives a fuck, at least four ockers pissed off
They keep saying to us "stay underground"
Why the fuck would be do that? We wanna make money now
Yeah, I think I want a figure around eight-hundred-thou'
'Cause I'm getting sick of living in the same fuckin' house
I need something bigger than the place I'm in now
'Cause I want a lot of space when my mates come around
Now you know I'm out to get dough from the get go
I wanna slick sick flip phone with a ringtone (Ha)
So everybody thinks I'm rich when I ring home (Okay)
And I can ball out (Yeah) till I fall down
Ayy PEZ, I can lip read (Yeah?)
You see that dude talkin' to his mum now, I know exactly what that shit mean
You think I'm in need? Bitch pleaseI just moved to Switzerland to make heaps of cheddar; Swiss Cheese

[Chorus: Zoe Marshall, Hailey Cramer, Raymes & Ella Hooper (PEZ)]
They try to tell me what to say (Wanna critique my songs)
They try to tell me to write, what do the people want?
They try to tell me what to say ([?])
But I write
I write what I like

[Verse 3: PEZ & 360]
'Kay, yo
You know I took my first steps way before I could talk (yep)
I didn't need to crawl 'cause I could already walk
Right from the first second I was born out the womb
I just popped out and dropped down and walked out the room
Boom, If we dislike someone then we giving the bird
I mean we buy a parrot and we give 'em the bird
The first time you hear that you'll probably think it's absurd
Until we rock up on your doorstep and give you a bird (Ha)
I love the vibe that a funeral makes
Yeah, I love the taste of them urinal cakes (God)
Um... that's pretty unusual ayy?
Nah, put some chutney on the top and they're beautiful mate (What?)
See me in a cage with a snake tryna play fight
With a canine and great white at the same time
Nah, I'm afraid right, the only reason
I play and I stage dive's 'cause I literally got stage fright
(Go *screams* *thud* Oh-ho-ho, walk it off mate)

[Chorus (Extended): Zoe Marshall, Hailey Cramer, Raymes & Ella Hooper (PEZ)]
They try to tell me what to say (Wanna critique my songs)
They try to tell me to write, what do the people want?
They try to tell me what to say ([?], yeah)
But I write
(I write down whatever I want '6, that's the point)
They try to tell me what to say (They try to tell me)
They try to tell me to write (They try to tell me)
They try to tell me what to say ([?])
But I write
I write what I like