[Intro]
I really—I really do love ya mate. I really love ya. I'm really sorry I hit you all the time. I promise it won't happen anymore. I promise you. This is the last time. I'm so sorry
I don't fucking need you! I hate you! You mean nothing to me! Get out of my fucking face!
This is my house, I will do whatever I want!
Get the fuck out of my way!
Don't tell me what to do! Where do you think you're going?! Get back here! Don't walk away from your father!
[?]
[?] I really do love ya mate. I do. Don't tell me what to do, I own this place! You get out!
I hate you!

[Verse]
He was a young kid, tormented and hurt
His father nearly pushed him to the end of the earth
On his birthday, December the third
That day his dad was drunk, couldn't even remember the birth
And he'd wish he'd go on holidays and never return
His whole body was cut up and severed and burned
Used to wake up shaking with an image of dad's face
And how he use to use his body as an ash tray
No one suspected shit, always acting fake
The kid was forced to smile put on a happy face
He used to try and keep his chin high
If he let an ounce of sadness out, he'd see a fist fly
Teachers asked about the bruising and he'd give lies
A kid's mind with no reasoning to live life
A thin line between hate and depression
If it wasn't with his fist, he'd hit his face with a weapon
The thought of suicide, he'd jump a lake in a second
Without him, his mum wouldn't be safe and protected
He often thought of standing up and fighting back
Was too scared, he knew he'd cop another strike and bash
Except for one day, he came home from school
He was about to leave to a mate's home for pool
He heard screams from upstairs in the bedroom
Mum was yelling but it sounded like sex too
He was raping her, cold blooded and fearless
Nobody was near it and nobody could hear it
And why did they deserve this punishment for?
Then he snapped; he couldn't give a fuck anymore
Then he ran to the room, possessed by a demon
Saw her throat seething and her nose bleeding for no reason
She hobbled down stairs, broken her leg
Poured his gin all over his wife, an emotional wreck
And the kid stood in the doorway, eyes darkened and black
The father was smashed, laughing as he start to attack
He ducked the first swing, it didn't connect
Out of nowhere the dad grabbed the kid at the neck
Squeezing his life away, stared in to his eyes, it rained
He didn't show it hurt, he managed to hide the pain
He sat squeezing and screaming and crying
But the kid let him do it and squeeze it in silence
If he kept going, he would dead him for sure
Then his grip let loose, he flopped next to the floor
And the mum stabbed him in the back with a kitchen knife
Ripped inside screaming in pain, ready to give her life
He saw his mother on the tiles of tears
It was the first time he'd seen his mum smile in years