[Intro: 360]
You aren't shit
You aren't shit
Tommy Six, yo (Is this what you want?)

[Verse 1: 360]
Long arms, yo, you should see my wingspan
Self confidence, my shadow is my wingman
You are an unfunny bitch like Corinne Grant (slut)
I'm The Wizard of Oz, you are Tin Man
You get together with your boys and your lit cans
You even throw punches with a limp hand
1200 Tekkers are fuckin' sick, man
Who's heard of N'fa? I'm a big fan
I went to his last show with a big lamp
Up the front screamin' "where the fuck are my Tim Tams?"

[Verse 2: PEZ]
Yeah, I only play PEZ in my Discman
I'm not arrogant, it's just my only disc, man
I know my shit's awesome but I'm not a rapper
I'm just a shit-talker with a lot of swagger
And I'm a killer, I wanna act somebody
Bitch, you don't know, you better act somebody
Pick your best flow and I bet I got a better flow
I'm better than everybody and still gettin' better though
You know PEZ is so sexy, let it show
That I could even look good in a denim coat
I wanna let you know I'm Stüssed out head to toe
But why the fuck would I do that? You should already know
It's Forthwrite and we don't pay for any clothes
We just walk into Stüssy and there you go
Trendsetters, a new set of threads at every show
Look good, just look

[Verse 3: 360]
Yeah, I am never broke (nup), I have seven homes
I've got a house made of ice like an Eskimo
And no, I don't mean the ice like the Eskimos
I mean the ice like the ones that make my necklace glow
Any hate you should let 'em know, yeah
You might think like me but I'm the only one who says it though
I'm going to be the best producer that you'll ever know (uh)
I just made a club banger, a metronome
Ha ha, there you go
I'll get paid by the hour to breathe
And have a sick rich feed while I'm out with the Queen
You dipshit pipsqueak, you know now I'm the king
You put me six feet deep, I'm still able to breathe
You know why? 'Cause I'm six-foot-four
Seventies pubes looking like Bigfoot's balls (Bush!)
No dingers here, this is dick puss raw
Sponsorship, why you think I'm in Stüss for, huh?

[Verse 4: PEZ]
It seems that, yo, I've got a lot of rappers hatin'
'Cause I got a business card like I'm Patrick Bateman
Except mine's even better 'cause it's laminated
Just look at it, shit, I had to frame it (Is this what you want?)
Plus the other thing that seems to keep 'em aggravated
Is how they always see me leaving people captivated
'Cause everywhere I go, I make a fashion statement
And every single show, I get a massive payment
And all of theirs, they don't 'cause you don't have to pay 'em
Their life's only good if they exaggerate it
Ah, their life's only good in their imagination
Whereas mine's like this so I don't have to change it

[Interlude: 360]
(Hey guys, check it out, it's fuckin' Forthwrite!
360 and fuckin' Pez! Yeah!
Yeah, you guys are the fuckin' best, ayy!)

[Bridge: Pez & 360]
Yeah, thanks man, cheers but
We know, we know, we know

[Interlude: 360]
(No, no, I mean like
You guys are the fuckin' best, ayy!)

[Bridge: Pez & 360]
Well yeah, but as we were just sayin'
We know, we know, we know
Ha ha, ha ha, I think you know now
Fuckhead