[Intro: 360]
Woah! (Forthwrite) That's what people say when they see us. It's like, "Woah!" (360 and PEZ) Like a rude awakening. Like a massive shock. Like, "Woah!"

[Verse 1: 360 & PEZ]
Hey yo, we kind of stand out of a crowd, yeah, you notice this
Only ice that I try to smoke is the frozen shit (Uh)
If you think I'm gonna pass blame you silly son
Only finger that I'm ever pointing is the middle one
Now I'm talking in a little conversation
There's a crowd so just switch off your patience
Now raise up your hands, we making a stand
Hold 'em up and wave, just wave, wave
You know were better than the norm and if you question it you're gone
So just believe it and leave all of that aggression at the door
All who even entering the place know
That we're real rapper nice, so just chill back and vibe a little bit
You might sit, sipping on your wine
But I get sick of just sitting in one position for the night
So I like to move and find my mood
Just wave your hands side to side if you like this groove
It's like that, now back to the matter at hand
If you're an arrogant fan then get to clapping your hands
And go crazy, don't do it any other way
The party's right now, now everybody say

[Chorus: 360]
Woah! Everybody going sick in the crowd
You all know what we're singing about, just get loud
Woah! Make the place jump, go and turn the bass up
If you wanna raise up, everybody say "Woah!"
Woah! Everybody going sick in the crowd
You all know what we're singing about, just get loud
Woah! Make the place jump, go and turn the bass up
If you wanna party then throw your hands up high

[Verse 2: 360 & PEZ]
Yeah, 60's in the house
While I'm kickin' this rhythm at all the kiddies sitting down (Yep)
If you be drinking it go and stick it in your mouth
Even if it's nearly full then you're finishing it now, yeah
Fans chant [?] light the fuse
If you can't dance, damn, man, buy some booze
And clap hands from the grandstand, riot too
Make this show wild enough to hit the nightly news
On Channel 9 and 2, and then on 7 and 10
Until every regular resident reckons that it's repetitive (What?)
You know the game when you got fame on your mind
I'm tryna get myself a plane so I can take it and fly
Away to the sky and write, "Yo, I made it" in white
With my name next to it, yeah, my aim is to try
And get so famous I can go places
And get my own waitress even when they have no waiters here
And now we switching back the flow while we bringing it back
Making music that we love, I'll be singing a track
And anybody get around with a plan to diss us
Rock up late, have you saying, "Damn, you missed us"

[Chorus: 360]
Woah! Everybody going sick in the crowd
You all know what we're singing about, just get loud
Woah! Make the place jump, go and turn the bass up
If you wanna raise up, everybody say "Woah!"
Woah! Everybody going sick in the crowd
You all know what we're singing about, just get loud
Woah! Make the place jump, go and turn the bass up
If you wanna party then bounce, woah!

[Outro: 360]
Woah!
Woah!
Woah!
If you wanna party then bounce