[Chorus 1: Joyner Lucas]
Yeah, I done did a lot of things in my day, I admit it
I don't take back what I say, if I said it then I meant it
All my life I want a Grammy, but I'll prolly never get it
I ain't never had no trophy or no motherfuckin' ribbon (Yah I said it)
Fuck the system, I'm that nigga, bend the law, cut the rules
I'm about to risk it all, I ain't got too much to lose
Y'all been eatin' long enough, it's my turn to cut the food
Pass the plate! Where my drink? This my day, lucky you
Fuck you too, woo!

[Chorus 2: Joyner Lucas]
Y'all gotta move, y'all gotta move, y'all gotta move
Give me some room, give me some room, give me the juice
Hop out the coupe, hop out the coupe, hop out and shoot
Y'all gotta move, y'all gotta move, give me the juice

[Verse 1: Andy O.]
My back to the pulpit, I'm actually grabbing the culprit
Attracting a passionate movement
My bracket of tax is inclusive
You lack then you move in. Hispanic or black or excluded
I knew it would happen i actually managed to prove it
Fuck Platinum, what matters is music
A tack could match the raps protrusion
Attaching the facts to the proof. Not in class with the students
I’d rather do classics til plaques are included and math is improved
I’m subtracting your habits and I’m adding the truth
Man I’m moving you back or I’m cracking your skull. I’m elusive
No pats on the back nigga just Massachusetts
I’m strapped with a pad and a pen and I’m wacking you plants
Pull your track from the stem and put venom in the grass til you wilt
Jump the canyon. I’m practically Will
Nah I’m Brady in the fourth
Man they really would hate when I was poor
Used to take a little more for lunch when I was laying on floor
Composing didn't know what it was for
Not motivated by the bling. Abada boom. I'm bouta bring a lotta news
I’m 22 but I been through a lot of things
Tied your noose. I’m on the brink of executing all in sync
I got Medusa looking at me so I wink. I’m on the brink so nigga
Ain’t no love for the other side, I don't think you really want smoke
Cuz when I die I’m going out as the underdog who never lost hope
Made my own path and my own lane nigga, now i’m going off-road
Snakes in the grass tryna slither fast, I just bought a fuckin lawn mower

[Chorus 3: Andy O.]
I been through a lot of things in my day. I admit it
Tell me what’s it guna take? If I said it then i meant it
I don’t ever take a break. Man I got too much persistance
I ain’t ever play no games or no motherfuckin scrimmage
Fuck an image
I need more. (I need more) I been distant
Nowadays I break the law just because I fuckin miss it
I ain't tryna catch a charge. I ain't caught up in the system
All I know is if I want it I’m a motherfuckin get it. Fuck you thinking


[Verse 2: Andy O.]
Eenie meenie meenie meenie minie
Back when Tip was linking up with Tiny
I was sitting listening and picturing the feeling
Hidden in my city thinking will they ever find me?
Kamikaze if you try to rob me. Ima hide your body
I don't ride with Gandhi but I'm out of body. Got it
Em had taught how to write it proply. Had to find a hobby
So I caught the message left behind. God ain’t wanna sign me
I’m a diamond, you could never undermine me
An endoscopy could not succeed in finding what is wrong in me
I swallowed all my pride and I coughed humility
Centerpiece of divinity is indeed what I’m sent to be
Clinically hit a minute of synergry with a will to be 70 leagues ahead
With the rhythm. Affinity growing. I’m giving all a minute and they still asleep
Giving em new like a wildebeest
Tryna be a young tycoon. Spiteful
Wanted a hit, nigga this is strike two
Nobody in the room cooking with the right spoon
So tell Smack I might need a fight soon
Cuz I been ready. My clip been ready. My grip been steady. Your verse haikus
Word to Jay Rock, my wins can’t stop
Still rock with Nipsey. My victories stocked
Unleaded, undead, and unfazed
Underpaid. Unaffected. Unfed. Untamed. Uncaged. Underwhelmed
Bitch, who‘s really the best? I ain't even broke a sweat
I don't think you really know what's next
Room 808. It’s a lot of bad luck when I spray. This is a warning
I promise I’m charging the game for the things I could never get back so
I snuck in a gun to the venue
And I'll bust at anyone who continues
To run their gums cuz bloods on the menu
I’m funding your mummy to be sent to your mummy
I’m meant to kill everything
What's gotten into you? Room 808
We both from the 508
Being hungry isn't a state, bitch it’s a trait so

[Chorus 2: Joyner Lucas & Andy O.]
Y'all gotta move, y'all gotta move, y'all gotta move
Give me some room, give me some room, give me the juice
Hop out the coupe, hop out the coupe, hop out and shoot
Y'all gotta move, y'all gotta move, give me the juice