(How 'bout swag?)
Verse 1:
Fuck a swag or being wavy, my practice is being different
You lacking and need attention, I'm rapping in three dimensions
I killed the Seed of Chucky, he back just to seek a vengeance
I slash his Achilles tendons

(Yo what about cars?)
Verse 2:
Mitsubishis, Hyundais and Kias
Range Rovers, Hyundais, a Lexus
Suzuki, Toyota Prius
Mercedes, Bugattis, Porsches
More shit I just can't afford, when I see you I'm taking yours
You don't open, I'm breaking doors and I broke 'em

(Snitches?)
Verse 3:
The streets is tattle-telling, cats revealing
Half 'em killing, half 'em dealing
Strapped and peeling
Blaaat, Kill 'em
They trap us
Send the coppers at them niggas trapped in prison
Cause these bastards tell'em, that's a bad decision

(Women)
Verse 4:
They devious, beautiful, sexy
Intelligent, back-bone, sneaky
Deceitful, envy
Argumentative, territorial with lots of fetishes
Emotional creatures who like leathery baller benefits

(What about politics?)
Verse 5:
Fucking whack, the U.S. is under attack
The whole nation is under scrutiny, psychological foolery
TV is filled with coonery, guess it's cool to be that
It's a shame the reason we voted Obama is cause he's black

(Joyner)
Verse 6:
Joyner Lucas, I'm spitting shit out the air
Kicking alphabetical schemes, and I smack the shit out of words
Slam you on the street, tell them you got hit by the curb
I can take the Hit out of ler, I can take your bitch out of her

(What about food?)
Verse 7:
Fried chicken and roasted coyle, with fish smothered in oil
With onions and pass the foil
Some cabbage, candy yams
Smoked ribs and a fucking wrap, and two mikes
A female groupie and some actress as Angela Bassett

(What about your favorite rappers?)
Verse 8:
Black thought, Slim Shady, K. Lamar
Joe Budden, J. Stylez, P, Nas
Plenty more, Lauryn Hill, Mos Def
Farrahman, Kweli, Kanye
Method Man, Jay-Z, Beanie Sieg, me

(What about kids?)
Verse 9:
Innocent, rowdy plus curious
Rambunctious peer pressure
Funny ones, smart ones
Even some who lack guidance, act violent, troublesome
They need love, they need us, they need what, they need

(What about drugs?)
Verse 10:
Ecstasy, coke, 2 acid tablets
Some reefer, that's THC for my speakers
I'm PCPing, some bleach and some DVDs
I buy shrooms and some oxycotins
Some crystal meth on this beat, got you smoking crack in your seat

(Wordplay)
Verse 11:
Wordplay, play with words
Even if the words play
Tetris like a puzzle, puzzle stretching like I'm exercising
Exercising when I'm taxi driving, driving texting while im whiling texting
Til they pull me over give me breathalyzers
Tempers rising, textin bitches
Letters like I'm emphasizing, emphasizing by the size of envy put them em inside
Step aside, keep it in this verse put your friend aside
That's what I learned, never mind if ever I should tell a lie
Then tell a lie, when you see him
I've been seeing devil's eyes, eyes devil red and God told me that the devil died
Lamborghini diablo, Devil dare me to devil die
Right off the cliff, satanic strip until the genocide
Of Free Masons and ask Mason if he choose the Devil side
Illuminate the Illuminati, not even rep a lie
My repertoire get the pot of gold, kill the Leprachaun
In Lebanon with my sweater rhymes for the second time