The Reavers (ft. Spiga, Hasan Salaam, and AKIR) - “America”
[Emcee(s): Spiga, Hasan Salaam, and AKIR]
[Producer(s): Bond (AKA 007)]
[Sample (Melody): Millie Jackson - “(If Loving You Is Wrong) I Don't Want to Be Right”]

[Verse 1: Spiga]
Back against the wall, inhale.  Reloaders automatic
Sweat dripping, heart racing, ears cluttered with static
I got a bad habit of shining off of ferocious thoughts
Like motions for a thug holiday, closing the courts
I’ll show my thoughts on paper, stick ‘em inside of a bottle of Henny
So if you find it, you know what to bring when you come and get me
The slug that bit me never hit me, but, still, I feel it in me
Grazing the earphones leaving the semi.  I hear you, Lord
I can’t afford the price of milk, so they try to sell me the cow
I’m tapped out like cellphones.  Can you hear me now?  I’m weary now
Battery energy’s down.  Nigga, I’ll sound an alarm
You’ve been warned.  I’ve seen it coming through the eye of the storm
I’m not the one for fronting—just lowkey.  Find me in the corner
Patiently waiting for something to happen—stop.  Writing reporter
Skip the thought.  When it hits you, wrong place, wrong time
For every shine and be clever ‘nough to know when
The Devil get behind you.  Locked and loaded, demoting
Captains to privates stuck on [KB?].  You need a rope, pager
Airbags, and safety harness to face me.  An escape route?  I’ve never planned it
I’m finding a way.  I got plans and none of them involve
Dying today.  It’s time for war—grab your shit, nigga

[Interlude: Hasan Salaam]
Hahahaha.  Tr-true indeed

[Verse 2: Hasan Salaam]
True indeed.  Conceive, guarantee masterpieces
Born through a virtual [mist of rap thesis?]
[?],  my recitals are spoken as God’s thesis
Hair like wool shine bright with bronze features
Warn Babylon.  Long gone is the innocence
I’ll write under the influence of hellfire fingertips
Right under the influence of pain and pestilence
Search across/a cross to bear with nails through my ligaments
I’ll twist tops off and pop corks for the rememberance
No question, the genesis of this is almighty
The beauty of my wifey is beyond Aphrodite
Got my whole fam beside me, holding it down
Calvaries around my necks and my fitted’s the crown
Pound the flesh for my sins, make the soul sacrifice
Plus, I’ll lay my life on the line for the paradise
Bring darkness to light.  Reborn in afterlife
Appetite for destruction.  Second Coming of Christ
What?

[Verse 3: AKIR]
Yo, I’ll make
The ends justify the means.  Don’t know the meaning
Of end.  Up in the lion’s den, looking for Zen.  New World
Order rites of passage: central booking for black men
Old-timers fake Alzheimer’s to forget what’s happening
Captain of the ship capsizing the mothership.  The son
A baby boomer, plan to blow up on some other shit
The world is falling faster than our interest in lust.  Like Father
Time busting nuts up in Mother Nature’s guts.  In the
Ghetto, they rap tough, but, as people seek
Heavy metal, rabbling rocks, them pebbles trying to eat you
So, through economic levels, the neighborhood’s
Closer to devils and rebels.  Mountains can never be level
I’ll Rock like Gibraltar with pictures like Minolta
And never understand how the man standing over
My shoulders all swollen from the world that I hold up
So much in my soul cuts through beef like it’s cold cuts
Kick ass until the trouble’s over.  And this is for
My soldiers, G.I. Joes at war with Cobras