The Reavers (ft. Hasan Salaam) - “Warrior”
[Produced by Bond (AKA 007)]

[Intro: billy woods]
So this is... It’s like whole country is a motherfucking reality show when you think about it.  It’s, like, anybody can get rich.  Them crackers dead, man.  It’s, like, anybody can get money, so why not get it for you?  Yeah, nah, but what you was just talking about, man?

[Verse 1: Hasam Salaam]
I was raised reading Malcolm, gave a fuck about Gotti.  But now
Everybody think you ain’t nobody ‘til you killed somebody
Everybody want to be a dealer or a gangster
Quick to bang out with their brothers, claiming that they’re from the block
But they run from the cops without firing a shot.  More than a
Million brothers and sisters behind bars
And they’ve been treating our people like it’s Abu Gorab
So we reach for the stars, but it’s hard not to be a pessimist
When obituaries constantly contain names of your relatives.  The
World we’re living in is crazy as it’s ever been
Universal war between the Elohim and seraphim
Never been an American—skin too much melanin
Fear of a black planet got ‘em fighting against the evidence
My penmanship set a precedent too familiar
‘Cause my familia’s the one that raised the sky without pillars

[Hook: Hasan Salaam]
Though who feel this, roll with us.  But, if not, then you against us
Fences set, lines are drawn, separating mice and men
Never siding with Leviathan, selling out or buying in
Try again, no matter how many times the cops bust me
Or however many years then gon’ give me after they cuff me
Allah guide me through every second of it—trust me

[Interlude 1: Hasan Salaam]
Trust me.  Feel the drums.  Listen

[Verse 2: Hasan Salaam]
Dear Death, I still haven’t completed the test
So I live life in every breath and calculate my every step
Pay attention to the details ‘cause the tell-lie-vision tend
To slide lies by you like retro viruses through T cells
Everything’s for sale in this era of self-pleasure
Beneath the surface of mascara, pseudos support sweatshops
When they shop at Macy’s to cop t-shirts of Che Guevara
I’ma tell you like it is.  History sold by the survivors
Like Romans becoming Catholics after murdering the messiah.  Some of the
Signs to decipher might confuse ya ‘cause their angles
Are sort of like Triangles off the coast of Bermuda
But barcodes on your neck is the future, so ATF
Kicking down my doors no different than urban warfare in Fallujah
You could consider this the ninety-five pieces of Martin Luther
Second shooter from the grassy knoll, virus in your computer
Modern-day Lion of Judah bring truth from the highest
So the only rock I’ll sling is able to drop Goliath

[Hook: Hasan Salaam]
Though who feel this, roll with us.  But, if not, then you against us
Fences set, lines are drawn, separating mice and men
Never siding with Leviathan, selling out or buying in
Try again, no matter how many times the cops bust me
Or however many years then gon’ give me after they cuff me
Allah guide me through every second of it—trust me

[Interlude 2: Hasan Salaam]
Trust me, trust me.  Freedom is on you.  So here’s what you got to do

[Verse 3: Hasan Salaam]
‘Cause if you ain’t
Part of the solution, then you part of the problem.  And the
Way I see it, only two ways to solve ‘em: you either
Fight for your freedom or remain chained in bondage
But no matter what you choose, the world gon’ keep revolving