Yea, yea, yea, what' up yo, this is your boy Capone... know me ?
Got my voice filter on the track, killin' it, dog let's do it, let's get money
Everybody out there drivin' their cars at 100 miles plus, this one's for you
No seatbelt wearers
Buckle up, it's the law!
I'll say it like this:
Y'all wanna' see me at House Point
I'm from New York City
A lot of drag racing out here
I'll start it like this, yeah (Rev your cars up!):

Ain't nobody droppin' and stuntin' when driffin' through the lanes
Got the nitro button insane, do donuts in the rain
Like a '64 Impala, holla, you got wheels
Kitted car, candy paint it famous and I got rims
Like Mario Andretti I'm heavy upon that gas pedal
Breakin' competition I'm dippin to get that brass medal
V12 you can't see me, I'm takin' over with speed
I got a fast car, the cash for the bash y'all

[Hook]
I need speed!
When I fly through the hood, the butter-soft leather wood
Them 24's looking good, uh-huh!
They want the keys
The big body coupe drivers, the big truck and low riders
We let no one get by us, uh, uh!
I need speed!
When I'm racin' that strip I got the button and chip
Your car like tells me to strip, uh-huh!
They want the keys
They don't have the wits to describe us
Who ever put in the dollars, holla, we see a car hotter

Yo!
I'm cuttin' corners like I'm crazy
I know how to burn a strip
Me and my car got a bond like we Michael Knight and KITT
Throw in 5th , throw in 4th
Break it back down to 3rd
Bring it back up to 6th once I am around this curve
I feel the tension, not to mention
The intervention from the coppers
We got the bills, pay the ticket, only flat tires can stop us!
Dual exhausts on the Porsche, I red line
Once I'm across the finish you know that it's bad time
What more can I say, I'm true to this
My car's got a computer chip, and with no speed the race, you losin' it!

[Hook]

Hey, yo I'm in a Need for Speed
My ride stampedes with horses
440 in that CL coupe, the wheels' where the torque is
Cuz' I don't obey, when red say stop and green say go
I fly by through your ghetto in the UFO
Unidentified Foreign Object
You can't believe that Aston Martin is parkin' in your projects
No matter what you hoppin', it's elementary Watson
A factory Benz, that might not beat that tricked out
Can't lose the battle when your whole clique out watchin'
And my car come equipped with smoke screen and spit out rockets
Just rev your engines, pop the clutch, burnout
I'll show you how a real street race turn out

[Hook]

[Outro]
Yeah man! I need speed man!
All you race car drivers out there
Everybody with the fast cars
Keep goin' as fast as you can baby, don't look back!
(he's got a fast car...)