(Noreaga talking)
Outlaw, Outlaw
Uhh-uhh. Yo give me some of that haze man. That purple haze
I don't wanna smoke that fucking haze wit this wood no more
Hydro. Shit got my hydro tasting like smydro
I'ma smoke a straight haze right now.(straight haze)
Pone roll up there. ya heard me?
Yo Slaam roll up there ya heard me? Ok Slaam
It's like this yo...

(Noreaga)
Yo, yo Blood money is the anthem, its never a myth
I smoke weed and I get drunk, and ride with gifts
If I don't roll, then my nigga Baby he just twist
He rolls Phillies and he busts the big the four-fifth
See shit change because I normally came
On the R train now me and 5 in the Range
We used to twist Phillies and fuck hoes, switch cars and trade guns
Them Queens niggas then we landed in the millions
Iraq and the Bridge, the only difference is the buildings
The same crime rates and the same damn killings
A slice of pizza, and quarter water my juice
But now I'm Carhart and bullet proof is under my goose
And go to hell to that nigga that snitched on deuce
The curly-haired fro, I cut my hair but my beard grow
Yo where my beers go?  Send them right here yo
Yo party's over tell the rest of the crew
Stash the drugs, the guns go to section two
See me, all my life yo I had to sell drugs
While you grew up with straight nerds I grew up with thugs
While you grew up with straight nerds I grew up with thugs

(Chorus: Complexions)
Through the test of time, I strive to get my shine
Upon them lives, slanging rocks cuz the world is mine
I look out for you, and you look out for me
And we hold it down, you just wait and see
Platinum chains and Carti' frames and jewels
Now these broke niggas start to act a fool
Don't you know Thugged Out straight eat ya food
We keep guns on our sides, you know how dunn thugs do
Cause I'll be there with my thugs
I'll be right here waiting on you

(Capone)
For my niggas who bust pies
The customized fives
To the vals, to the railroaded trails I cuss cops
Enough shots and any generation
I spit dead a plot in the making I ride for every thug in the basement
My soul is cuffed to the corner, every gate, every car table
Every welcome to the hood sign
Batting good times
Its on over the projects a dark cloud one sided
Till death bitches burning in gossip
Its my turn to deposit
The real, the logic, no college
Just dollars and criminal knowledge
Me and my codies, pass ?rodies?
I flash mo' wheat, than cash Cody
Keep the mac on me
When U stack niggas act phony
Shit in the ghetto, I spread love and shed blood
Never swear to a dead thug
My name should be brough up in fame
Never said in vain
Spread like a letter chain
In criminal slang

(Chorus)
We done had some time
I strive to get my shine
On the block, slanging rocks cuz the world is mine
I look out for you, and you look out for me
And we hold it down, you just wait and see
Platinum chains and ?cardy? frames and jewells
Now these broke niggas start act a fool
Don't you know thugged out, straight eat ya food
We keep guns on our sides
You know how dunn thugs do
Cuz I'll be there with my thugs
I'll be right here waiting on you
(Beat fading away)