[Hook: Tyga]
Why you bitches so pressed for?
Open up the gate all I do is press four
Got you pissed off ballin' up your fist for
Don't make me pull out my pistol (bang!)

[Verse 1: Tyga]
It's the hooligan nigga
Eat these rappers up, you just food to me nigga
Rap don't work, I'm a wolverine
Nigga's honey make you desert, wash it down with some liquor
Li-lit up, the pill make a bitch turn flipper
You so um, all on the bottom of my zipper
I Nick trip, got the Cannon on me like Mariah
Pinocchio rappers man, all I see is liars
Rough riders, gang niggas, kush buyers
Get smashed, Halloween, Mike Myers
My religion, plenty women no choirs
They call me the royal penis, their highness
For when they give it up, pour it up, leave it wit' us
Eatin' my dust, you bustas dusty still on the bus
Truly quick, pick her up or you ain't bad, you ain't nothing
All my niggas eatin' like the last supper, nigga

[Hook: Honey Cocaine & Tyga]
Why you bitches so pressed for?
Open up the gate, all I do is press four
Got you pissed off ballin' up your fist for
Don't make me pull out my pistol (bang!)
Don't make me pull out my pistol (bang!)
Don't make me pull out my pistol (bang!)
Don't make me pull out my pistol (bang!)
Why these bitches so pressed for?

[Bridge: Honey Cocaine & Tyga]
Why these bitches so pressed for?
Wh-why you bitches so pressed for?
Why these bitches so pressed for?
Don't make me pull out my pistol

[Verse 2: Honey Cocaine]
Don't make me pull out my pistol
T-Dot that seaside my bitch is official
Get rich or take it cause that is the ritual
This bitch was talkin' I had to turn visual
I don't like to lose it's bad habits
All my bitches loyal and true and all fashion
My niggas holdin' the juice, they all strappin'
Sleepin' on me, hatin me dude I'm straight gassin'
Everything I'm in is luxury
Them other hoes know they can't fuck wit' me
Bitch look me in the face when you stunt on me
Better ask a weak ho try to front on me
Ha-ha, now tell me where that bitch at, that bitch ass
All this good food, I'm surprised I ain't get fat
Wake up then 'urn up then turn up the shit fast
I'm coming through with that pistol you better get back, bitch!

[Hook] + [Bridge]

[Bridge: Sage the Gemini]
If we get rowdy, all my niggas solve it
Why you bitches so pressed for
Don't make me pull out my pistol
If we got a problem, all my niggas solve it
Why you bitches so pressed for?
Don't make me pull out my pistol

[Verse 3: Tyga]
Damn!
Hop up in my lap, get high
Pistol grip pump from my lap at all times (times)
Lap at all times, La-Lap at all times
Now it's no more drama, it's that Mary J Blige
Yeah, I'm too high, chinky eyed
Cherry Vans, sweet red, red vine
Closed blinds, nigga you gets no shine
It's my party nigga I ain't standin' in line!

[Hook]