[Producer Tag]
B, (B) Will (Will, Will)

[Interlude: Honey Cocaine + Nessa]
- So I have to ask: where does your name come from? Honey Cocaine...
- Honey Cocaine... It means sweet and addicting music, so it's a metaphor--

[Verse 1]
I'm rockin' all of my chains, them shits spraining my neck
Got rocks in all of my frames, so why my 20/20 not blessed?
Shit, now that every finger got a ring, it makes it hard to sign all these checks
Gotta let them karats lay on my right wrist, to blind up the scars on my left
Go hard on the bitches who left, fuck 'em, they ain't worth shit
'Cause when I was bluffin', before I was jumpin', to them I just didn't exist
And i'll make a confession, of all these possessions, they got to me, I can admit
I thought this was it, like "daddy, I made it", some money and power, I'm famous
But if I had the choice, would I trade it?
- Maybe
But clearly I'm just fuckin' faded
'Cause lowkey I know that i crave it, the feeling is crazy
But i feel like the filling the void has been over looked
So filling the few when I look, I know this is one for the books

[Bridge]
You think the drugs kill the pain, It don't
You think the money make the man, It won't
'Cause make it change, made me change, so I know
I know, I know

[Chorus x2]
You gotta be cautious
It's only a gimmick, the shit I be chasing is toxic
Talking 'bout making a move, then switch up the topic
Stay chasing the wrong things
We keep chasing the wrong things

[Interlude: Honey Cocaine + Nessa]
- So I have to ask: where does your name come from? Honey Cocaine...
- [Thanks for asking girl] It means sweet and addicting music, so it's a metaphor--

[Verse 2]
God damn, I stopped chasing these friends
Stopped praising their stamps
They wonder why I'm independent
When I could of took the advance
All of them had they own plans
There was too many snakes in the can
Cut 'em off one by one
So now ain't one of them making a band
The painting you picture depends (-pend, -pend, -pend, -pend, -pend)
Our friendship was nothing but trends (trend, trend, trend, trend, trend)
I thought I would  give you a chance (chan-, chan-, chan-)
But you just a hoe tryna make a percent
You pretend
To ride or die but you die to ride
Only come through till you satisfied
Only Go places when I provide
But no where to be found when I confide in you
I see how you move
It's a fucking excuse
For the fame and the furs and the 'rarris
Was it worth for your shit to be loose?

[Bridge]
You think the drugs kill the pain, It don't
You think the money make the man, It won't
'Cause make it change, made me change, so I know
I know, I know

[Chorus]
You gotta be cautious
It's only a gimmick, the shit I be chasing is toxic
Talking 'bout making a move, then switch up the topic
Stay chasing the wrong things
We keep chasing the wrong things

[Interlude 2: Honey Cocaine + Nessa]
- (...)
- (...) that, people just judge you, you know...
Like, they don't know your story, they don't know, what you do everyday, or, how you do things everyday, or, you know...
But, what's really important to me it's my fans...
- Yeah
... the hatters, uh, the people who don't know, just...
They just don't understand, and that's fine, you know, i-... whatever. So, the hardest part it's just, trying to just stay strong