[Chorus]
Looking at the skies it shows that I’m a Libra. My brain telling me I should leave her
I should just take a break, give me a breather cause it’s kind of making me a disbeliever

[Verse 1]
(Yeah)
So I guess the stars aligned. I saw the signals and I took it as a sign
Damn it felt magical but I guess it was a lie. I shouldn’t be surprised cause you know that love is blind
I liked the way we connected. Speaking to your soul I didn’t feel so restricted
You took the words out of my mouth now I’m addicted. The way we had things in common I reflected
We left the scene and did our thing in the car; we got to talking this is the best part by far
Sitting there chilling, speaking about our stars, I noticed we same same but different and that’s bizarre

[Chorus X2]
Looking at the skies it shows that I’m a Libra. My brain telling me I should leave her
I should just take a break, give me a breather cause it’s kind of making me a disbeliever

[Verse 2]
But yo. It’s all too good to be true.  It’s been awhile now; still haven’t heard back from you
But I guess it was the alcohol that influenced you and I’d have to say the same thing cause it distorted my view
Asking myself why I’m caught up in it. Is this how it feels like to be catching them feelings?
The lines you spoke to me had no truth to it. I’m glad I have a clear vision cause I saw right through it
Came across your instagram and saw you got a man. I didn’t hit follow yeah I guess I’m not a fan. I just need to step back so I can change my game plan. I can’t stress it enough, let me say it again

[Chorus]
Looking at the skies it shows that I’m a Libra. My brain telling me I should leave her
I should just take a break, give me a breather cause it’s kind of making me a disbeliever

[Outro]
When I want a connection I’m not speaking electronically. Preferably the same wavelengths that’s mentally
Even though in this world there only a few that we can really connect with, share stories make love and share a breath with. Damn... and you still haven’t said shii