[Hook]
I don’t, I don’t want no, Obama, Obama Nation
I’m not gonna, vote for your inauguration
Cause I don’t need your, Obama, Obama Nation
I’m not gonna

Limbaugh is a racist, Glenn Beck is a racist
Gaza strip was getting bombed, Obama didn’t say shit

[Verse 1 - M-1]
After you divorce yourself from the right wing
Propaganda campaign, it’s all simple and plain
America stands to gain
Your President got an African name, now who you gonna blame?
When they drop them bombs out of them planes
Using depleted uranium, babies looking like two-headed aliens
Follow the money trail it leads to the criminal
Ain’t nothing subliminal to it, that’s how they do it
See they game they run, give a fuck if he’s cunning
Articulate and handsome, Afghanistan held for ransom
By the hand of this black man, neo-colonial puppet
White power with a black face, he said "Fuck it I’ll do it"
A master of disguise, expert at telling lies
Then they gave him a Nobel Peace Price
Should of known he was trained in Chicago
Word to Chairmen Freddy, Mark Clark
What they do in the dark will
Come out in the light, like a WikiLeaks site
So I guess Nkrumah was right, who’s ready to fight?
Last stage of imperialism, I ain’t kiddin'
In the immortal words of Marvin Gaye "This ain’t livin"

[Hook]

Limbaugh is a racist, Glenn Beck is a racist
Gaza strip was getting bombed, Obama didn’t say shit

[Verse 2 - Black The Ripper]
O-B-A-M-A
You ain’t fooling everyone, I see the games you play
You was V.I.P. at the B.I.C
And we know that’s code name for C.I.A
The same way your cameras are watching us, we’re watching you
Think we’re easy to control? You ain’t got a clue
Revolutions on the way, let’s see what you're gonna do
You gonna send the troops? You gonna drop the nukes?
See it’s not where you’re from, it’s where you’re at
He’s sitting in the White House, so who cares if he’s black?
And why’s there still soldiers out there in Iraq?
Natural resources ain’t yours, it's theirs, give it back!
You’re just another puppet but I’m not surprised
Look at Colin Powell and Condoleezza Rice
They didn’t change shit, house nigga’s fresh off the slave ship
You’ll all burn in hell even Michelle, Obama Nation

[Hook]

[Verse 3 - Lowkey]
Was the bigger threat from Osama or from Obama?
Military bases from Chagos to Okinawa
I say things that other rappers won’t say
Cause my mind never closed like Guantanamo Bay
Hope you didn’t build a statue or tattoo your arm
Cause the drones are still flying over Pashtunistan
Did he defend the war? No, he extended more
He even had the time to attempt a coup in Ecuador
Morales and Chavez, the state’s are on a hunt for ya
Military now stationed on bases in Columbia
Take a trip to the past and tell em I was right
Ask Ali Abunimah or Jeremiah Wright
Drones over Pakistan, Yemen and Libya
Is Obama the bomber getting ready for Syria?
First black president, the masses were hungry
But the same president just bombed an African country

[Hook]

[Obama]
The Jonas Brothers are here
They're out there somewhere
Sasha and Malia are huge fans
But, boys don't get any ideas
I have two words for you: PREDATOR DRONES
You will never see it coming
(Audience Laughter)
You think I'm joking?