[Intro: Tony Benn]
The way we are controlled, is very simple, they keep us frightened
Used to be the Kaiser, then Hitler,then Stalin, now the Muslims, next it will be the Chinese

They keep us divided men and women, black and white, Muslim, Christian and Jew. they keep us demoralized, that’s what the education system league table's about, and they encourage cynicism. And in that way they hope to control us

And I think if you are going to establish your rights, you have to begin by being absolutely clear, you are not frightened, not divided, not demoralized, not cynical and then you can make progress

[Lowkey: Verse 1]
What I call positive, you call negative
What you call an optimist, I call a pessimist
In these times; apocalyptic: what is a misfit?
We all bleed red blood when the oxygen hits it
Let me talk on this, you should be more honest
The truth is the war in Iraq was a resource conflict
Take a look at your flag, they'll destroy it in a flash
Drop bombs on your soil for the oil and the gas
Capitalism means weak devoured by the hungry
That’s what happens when companies are more powerful than countries
Watch x-factor, go on twitter and keep talking
Listen my friend It's til the the end; we are sleep walking
When the selfish gain wealth from blood
It's like the whole world submitted to beelzebub
We won't, help ourselves and no ones helping us
It's only a matter of time before we self destruct

[Hook 2x]
We've only got one world
We've only got one world
We've only got one
We've only got one

[Lowkey: Verse 2]
Take these words as a warning
If you wanna wake up, to hear the birds chirp in the morning
T. N.C.'s commit crimes unforgivable
In 50 years time, will our world be livable?
Most natural disasters aren't natural at all
Every slave has a master, theres an actual cause
The ice caps are melting so fast, and they're coming for ya
How long before Bangladesh is under water
Talk of white farmers, and what Mugabe did to them
But what about the plight of the Somali fishermen
How they dumped waste in their water and took their livelihoods
Turn off the tv, read a flippin library book
When the selfish gain wealth from blood
It's like the whole world submitted to beelzebub
We won't, help ourselves and no ones helping us
It's only a matter of time before we self destruct

[Hook x2]

[Lowkey: Verse 3]
Who can live off the land when what you stolen is gone bro?
As precious as the gold in the coves in the Congo
What is wrong when the human race makes atomic bombs?
Sometimes I look to the sky and wonder where God is gone
Is He just waiting for a man made judgement day?
Don't worry mate, just watch tv and stuff your face
There must be another way, I'm unafraid to speak up
What you think caused the tsunamis? and hurricane Katrina?
In the grand scheme of things what good is a verse?
We weren't meant to abuse what God put in the earth
Now you wonder why I'm not a fun guy
When it hits our kids the only thing that survives will be the fungi
When the selfish gain wealth from blood
It's like the whole world submitted to beelzebub
We won't, help ourselves and no ones helping us
It's only a matter of time before we self destruct

[Outro]
(We've only got one world)
One world, One race, and One love