[Verse 1]

I wanna' get paid, and this is a serious business
But these days hip-hop clearly is twisted
My theory is this: Rap is too materialistic
And too many spitters are in this, merely for riches
They're lying to kids, who get inspired to spit
By rappers rhyming about their ice on their wrists
And spend their whole verse describing their whip
While MTV shows your around the inside of their crib
They got nothing better to rap about, but their bank accounts
Say they're "Gangstas" but can't hang around their own manor now
And can't walk street without entourage of bodyguards
Claim to be killers in their bars and kids copy fast!
So you got rappers who aren't, murdering people
Making tracks about, murdering people
Inspiring young youths to start murdering people
Listen to their verses, the words are just evil!

[Hook]

Well you've got your fancy diamonds
And you've got your fancy clothes
And your chauffeur drives your car
You let everybody know
But don't, play with me!
(Why? Why?) 'Cos you're playing with fire!

Yeah! Listen!

[Verse 2]

Don't ever get it twisted, I like money
But from a distance, the shit is quite funny
Think twice before you make the decision to spit it
Little kids mimic everything they hear in your lyrics
It shocks me. (What does?) Some rappers' ignorance
I don't care what you say, music does have a influence!
High Grade these days got more highs in it than cannabis
But, no one I know gives it a scientific analysis
You probably smoking it now, joking about, the next man
Because you know there's drought
Every year there's a couple man marked at carnival
And in The Source, bud, there's more adverts than articles!
Sitting depressed, I analyze bits of the press
So many rappers try and glamorize prison and death
Even though I don't agree, still I wish them the best
But why can't we promote living instead?

[Hook]

Well you've got your fancy diamonds
And you've got your fancy clothes
And your chauffeur drives your car
You let everybody know
But don't, play with me!
'Cos you're playing with fire!

[Verse 3]

Sometimes I feel to take these Nike crepes off
'Cos they were made by a slave in a Chinese sweatshop!
Say that to man in JD, what can they say to me?
All of us are supporting modern day slavery!
They tick tricked us to think we can't live without it!
We're not the only ones, bud, think about it!
I'm no better 'cos I'm rapping it on the beat
In a way, I'm worse, 'Cos I ain't practicing what I preach!
And like, all other people I'm hooked!
It's like living in a library but never reading a book!
They don't want you using your mind!
'Cos then you might search for an answer that you couldn't find
They lead us down all the wrong path ways and alleys
It can get you anything, but money can't make you happy!
Rappers should be telling the truth, of all people!
But they forgotten money is the root of all evil!

[Hook/Outro]

Well you've got your fancy diamonds
And you've got your fancy clothes
And your chauffeur drives your car
You let everybody know
But don't, play with me!
'Cos you're playing with fire!