{Chorus: Mai Khalil}
They calling me a terrorist, we know who the terror is
Tell them that I'm not (guilty)
They calling me a terrorist, it is time to settle this
Tell them that I'm not (guilty)
I'm all about love and peace, why you wanna trouble me?
Tell them that I'm not (guilty)
My intentions are clear to see

{Verse 1: Crazy Haze}
First of all, allow my client Kareem Dennis in
Simplify his messages and dissect the evidence
That placed him on the terror list, spread the lies of television
My client is standing accused of encouraging terrorism
He's promoting peace, far from violent encouragement
I believe it's unjust that this court has summoned him
How can one man rapping, lead to terrorist actions?
This misunderstanding merits a retraction
Accused of calling for attacks on military facilities
You can't equate violence with criticism politically
Where's the freedom of speech?
He's just another young musician who is seeking a dream
My client is accused of inciting racial tension
He's half-Arab, half-English, did I fail to mention?
The media rendered his reputation ruined
Think about how many youngsters he has influenced
To quit a life of crime and do the opposite
Most of the man's tracks are completely devoid of politics
The evidence is unseen, the verdict is a done deed
How can you compare a song to invading a country?
My client isn't hungry for the blood of the people
Since when has making a rap song ever been illegal
Or murderous? The only thing that drives this person is love
I rest my case to the jury and the merciful judge

{Chorus: Mai Khalil}
They calling me a terrorist, we know who the terror is
Tell them that I'm not (guilty)
They calling me a terrorist, it is time to settle this
Tell them that I'm not (guilty)
I'm all about love and peace, why you wanna trouble me?
Tell them that I'm not (guilty)
My intentions are clear to see

[Verse 2: Crazy Haze & Lowkey]
Sir, can you confirm you're the artist that's known as Lowkey?
I can
Are you aware the state has been building this case since 03?
I am
You claim that you're all about love and you promote peace
I'm here to prove that your hot speeches lead to cold deeds
Your lyrics are a virus infecting all the youths
You say whatever it takes to get a mention on the news
You're an insult to the people and offend the soldiers too
Objection, your Honour
Objection overruled
Do you denounce the monarchy and hope for a republic?
Monarchy is inequality, systemic injustice
While you strangle Afghanistan and tangle with Taliban
Our taxes have to pay for David Cameron's cameraman
How can you compare spreading anarchy to spreading democracy?
Like you compare resistance to extension of colonies
Did you really refer to the U.S. as an abomination?
No, I posed a question in reference to its domination
I scrutinise governments, you scrutinise songs
Did you compare predator drones to suicide bombs?
Yes and I question where such brutalised youth would rise from
It's true, I choose to write songs but you can write wrongs
But what if your questions equate to the spreading of hate?
Is it true you labeled Israel a terrorist state?
Yes, 'cause it's based on the threat to erase an indigenous population you could never replace

{Chorus: Mai Khalil}
They calling me a terrorist, we know who the terror is
Tell them that I'm not (guilty)
They calling me a terrorist, it is time to settle this
Tell them that I'm not (guilty)
I'm all about love and peace, why you wanna trouble me?
Tell them that I'm not (guilty)
My intentions are clear to see

{Verse 3: Lowkey}
Please allow me to state the most relevant of facts
I'm charged with section 1 of 06's Terrorism Act
It is alleged the music I'm publishing for exhibition
All amounts to the encouragement of terrorism
My face was placed up on the news as a wanted person
'Cause it caused controversy when they saw my songs emerging
If I was commercial would I have to ride all these hurdles?
Raided my home, take my phone, put some spies in my circle?
Not on it, no comment, I will never change my position
Not in jail, but they gave me these stale bail conditions
And this is the part where the plot just gets sinister
They banned from the City of London and Westminster
I do this for the rebels that do this without the medals
For Smiley Culture, Jody McIntyre and Alfie Meadows
Before you throw it at me, have a look at your backwards book
Definition of terrorism, Columbus and Captain Cook
I can't lie, it's getting deep, our lives are very cheap
And one person dies in police custody every week
They're editing my tracks 'cause I'm telling them the facts
You're more likely to die like that than from a terrorist attack
When you try to fight a war, they will say you defy the law
Can't quiet me, this is R.I.P. for Brian Haw
We know the truth, no matter what you tell 'em on the television
IMF, World Bank, economic terrorism
I refuse to produce chart nonsense
Not a servant to the Zionist lobby like Mark Thompson
The BBC want me making music to impress crooks
Or doing shows on military bases like Tim Westwood
Murdoch might have the news, but me, I have the tunes
Your cameras move onto celebrities to distract the youth
Remember this fact is true
When you point your finger at me there is three fingers pointing back at you