[Verse 1 2x]
Jerks wanna tempt me, to burn any emcee
I strike back when I feel the world is against me
A more crucial emcee than usual
Never needed MTVs approval
I'm the hardest to hit back, as sharp as pick axe
Quick snap an artist in half like a Kit Kat
This prat wanted this track with his diss track
Infact make ribs crack on impact
The top team charted they want me starvin
Never will I side with Lockheed Martin
Don't text my phone trying to cop plea bargains
Shoulda, coulda, woulda, never got me started...

[Verse 2]
Tunes for the people not tunes for the Government
Seems to be a few little tunes that your coverin
Make tunes for the people not David Cameron
Maintain my place in the game and I'm adamant
I spit fire like I had a bit of paraffin
Why would I care if an amateur is hassling?
I'm moving so fast that this mannequin is panicking
Man are getting madder coz I'm badder than a bag of them
Every adjective is like I'm stabbing with a javelin
Should of known better than challenging a champion
Get silly in the city then I swagger in like Saladin
Admit it coz I batter it, I'm better with the battling
Murder the mic, with the words that I write
Make you turn side to side like a turbulent flight
I will burn you alive then return you to life
And give you back breath just to murder you twice
Did the silly billy really want it with me really?
Kill a Milli Vanillin for hollerin I'm brizzy
'Top 3 Selected' yeah you was hot then
But what now when you can't make top ten?

[Verse 3]
Let me rest for a moment
Never heard my tunes on Westwood or Logan
Never could rely on the press for promotion
I'm destined to blow and they sense it's an omen
Shaking my head like 'Look at this liar'
Shoulda retired, I put him in fire
Spit a million bars and wouldn't get tired
Ten is an insult I should've been higher
And the tie was an insult, K-lashed my name off
There isn't a single spitter in Britain I'm afraid of
Wanna trade shots? I will take off your brain box?
Not the same coz I'm trained to dodge rain drops
Good at flows but you shoulda known what my name was
Fact is my names hot from Czechs to lagos
But the radio wanna brainwash stray dogs
Never get played coz I DONT MAKE POP
Do I get played by Westwood? NO!
Do I get played by Logan? NO!
Do I get played by Mista Jam? NO!
Before you comeback what does that show?
I'm a moving train that can't be stopped
So my tunes get played by Charlie Sloth
So the same guy that backed me, backed you
So I'm really the wrong one you should chat to
Talkers hating coz I'm touring nations
Without subordinations to corporations
Now they're all debating, who's more amazing
But people's opinions are always changing
There was a time when they had music monopolized
Play the same tunes get the viewers to swallow lies
I rate the fact that you would choose to apologize
But the bottom line is I refuse to be colonized
I will never be part of your system
Tie me at ten in the charts to cause friction
Everything you put in your bars is pure fiction
Haters will hate but can't ignore wisdom
Twitter twatter I shitter shatter the analyst
Me I got five words: I am not having it
If you really want results that are unanimous
Lets have a list where the people are panelists
Some of these heads debate and underestimate
But none could test the great, thats one regret to make
Look at the facts it's such a mess you made
Coz you done something dumb with yesterday
Don't wanna hear my name when an emcee speaks
Don't need to get airplay every week
So keep your top ten and just let me be
Coz I walk with the people not MTV