Every single human being that has ever lived was an entirely unique creation
Never, ever, ever to be repeated again

Sometimes I wonder, what they'll say when I die

When I die, when I die when I die, let me fly. Let me fly
When I die, when I die when I die, let me fly. Let me fly

[Verse 1]
When I die please don't mourn, cry not for me
When I die please don't lie, write a song for me
Tell 'em what I did right and what I did wrong
Don't say rest in piece, help me live on
Peace to any enemies in my memories, I forgive 'em
Most rappers died before their legacy started living
Whether, it's by natural causes or a car collision
Think of hard hitting bars I've written, not my chart position
In the event of my death be happy that I left the drama
Those who love me, don't paint me as an 'effing martyr
What I've done in life, I hope it echoes ever after
Some wanna' reassure me, I'm more like Kevin Carter
Cause every lyric that I've written is a photograph
They think life is infinite, but don't know the half
Names die every day, time won't remember most of ours
Just remember me as a true soul that showed his heart

When it's me, when it's me when it's me. Set me free. Set me free
When it's me, when it's me when it's me. Set me free. Set me free

[Verse 2]
When it's me, I want you to know that I loved You all
I wasn't happy here, I could never be comfortable
This one's for you if we fell out over something small
Don't watch it, We'll all imperfect and vulnerable
This ain't about being scared or brave
When it's me, death is something I'm prepared to face
When it's me don't even waste your tears, I'm safe
Hairs were raised by my music, anywhere it's played
When I die, don't lie about what my life was
If I die with nothing else, just take my Love
When I'm dust in the ground with my eyes shut
Don't count my money, just count the lives that I've touched
When it's me, play this on your MP3
It's about the fans, not how press see me
Don't say "Rest in peace" just let me be
When it's me, please God, just set me free

When I Go, when I go when I go. Save my soul, save my soul
When I Go, when I go when I go. Save my soul, save my soul

[Verse 3]
When I go, will I be destined for Heaven, or Hell below?
Until then, I will never know
Pray for my Family, pray for my Enemies
Pray that I'm sent to a place that is Heavenly
Pray for my present and pray for my legacy
And pray that it's in a positive way they remember me
The second I die someone will start a new life
So ask yourself, what will they say when you die?

When you die, when you die when you die. Say "Goodbye" say "Goodbye"
When you die, when you die when you die. Say "Goodbye" say "Goodbye"