Chorus:
GROVE street, BLOOD with two deep
Don't get your ass deep, don't get your ass deep
GROVE street, BLOOD with two deep
Don't get your ass deep, don't get your ass deep

..nigga in a .. b*tch .. f*cking this woman
Get your ass deep, put the ...on street ...
Over my way I stay poppin take my G so I ...

Touch for .. guns ..like harmony
One fow two ..i think so, she think so ..
Get your ass like a .. that's my type can't lie that's my life

Prime ..flag I'ma figure role nigga, they don't know what it's ..
Just like my croll nigga, f*ck the time, get that shit over the stone nigga
Smell the .. on my f*cking .. nigga
Ground all day party all night, ..diamonds ..
They say I boy killer to me alright ..
Should we just a ..

Chorus:
GROVE street, BLOOD with two deep
Don't get your ass deep, don't get your ass deep
GROVE street, BLOOD with two deep
Don't get your ass deep, don't get your ass deep

I ain't no vegetarian, b*tch I like the beef
Put your lips on the .. make you bite ..f*ck you ankles on
If like to see, put your ass on the ... I put you in the truck
Better break for I take the lunch ..
You had a good show .. I ain't ..

..to the club on the bullshit ...
And .. you don't wanna fight
Cause after ... with your ..

The way your nigga sleeping my nigga ride in
.. street killers my nigga willing the type of ..hanging on my soul ..

[Chorus:]
..so deep is a privilege to speak
All my fans say what's up and my local meet the ..
Living ..cold .. two ..and a blunket ..ain't cut it
Monster, monsters Gucci not a monster ..
Is the title of my young star
The man of the south you can call em hell ...

.. are you your own by you
Free niggas in the back of a G ride
That's how we ride I'ma drag on the east side
.. b*tch I'm .. look how fast I reach ..
The only thing hanging is the pants on you
I'm knocking on you .. dancing on you .. straight from head to toe
.. and I ...

[Chorus:]
..tell you where you from ...don't tell em your name
..in the hood, I've been hanging dark like a ...
..avenue my party is like palm street, I'm young and respected like ..
I ain't scared to shit look up in my eyes ..1995
First rule never ride if that nigga snitching
.. you're just a .. opposition
Ain't no .. for you OOH ...super straight

[Chorus:]