[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
200 pounds, I grew that shit, you knew that shit, I do that shit
Pulled up with a hundred pounds, bales and bricks, filthy rich
All I know is grind time, nickle dime, shime time
I Intercept like Prime Time, my mind gone like nine times
Cory engineering, Gucci Mane steering
A new European, everybody peeking
It's robbing season, goons out searching
Lurking, surfing, call it reimbursement
Southside on the beat, Gucci on the strizzeet
Let me take a lizzeak… why not drive a [?]
Wow, pow, bricks right now
Slip and slide, I'm gliding by
But I'm so high, I just might die
Flocka told me go in! Rocko told me go in!
PJ told me no end, my hand, I won't throw in!
Gamble with the Joker and end up in a shoot out
Wooh, he on the lookout, Juice Man, throwing cookouts

[Hook: Waka Flocka Flame] (2x)
I’m in the strip club, the girls looking like zombies on the pole
They’re screaming feed me, feed me, feed me!
And when the club over, with them monsters we make scary movies girls be
Screaming, screaming, screaming, screaming!

[Verse 2: Waka Flocka Flame]
In the strip club shawty throwing up the racks
Gucci got my back, 50 stacks in the back
Mean mugging, shawty, I ain't worried 'bout that
Brick Squad Monopoly, we a wolf pack
Rolling in my zone, baby make the bootie clap!
Slapped her on the booty like I’m trying to hit that
How much it cost cause I charge a stack
Bottles in the air, hell yeah, I’m stoned!
Leaning left to right, double cup styrofoam
I’m throwing racks, just stacks on stacks
Never been a [?] only shop at Sacks
Drinking Remy by the fifth
They say Waka Flocka got a gift
Six speeds, I just shift
Every blunt of loud, I lift up
I'm higher than a motherfucker, think I might fall
Bad bitches always calling me
LeBron Flocka James, I ball, my G
Chuck up the P if you fuck with me
Monsters on the pole screaming "Throw that cash!"
Shut the fuck up, bitch, clap that ass
White fans scream "Waka Flocka, you rad!"
Always catch me with a fucking red rag

[Hook: Waka Flocka Flame] (2x)

[Verse 3: Frenchie]
I got em like "I... Love this nigga"
Two hoes climbing on the pole, screaming out loud "I love this nigga!"
I'm in [?], Rendezvous
Seen the same girls that work in Perfections
They say they came straight here from Magic City
So you don't got to teach them no lessons
Girl's ass shaking when my song's on
You would swear that girl was dancing to the thong song
Put down those pom poms
Oriental, I think she's from Hong Kong
In the club full of ho zombies, screaming out "Feed me!"
But I just got this stacks girl, it ain’t gon' be that easy
Four girls leaving, they coming
All girls fucking, they coming
Just like Gucci said, I left a hundred dollars on the dresser
Just to show the bitch it ain't nothing
If you think you coming home with me, you’re fucking
You got much potential, I turn you into something
Get in my V, my music, I'm bumping
Heard you steady talking, but I ain't hear nothing

[Hook: Waka Flocka Flame] (2x)