[Intro]
Special delivery! Squad!
Salute!
If you real then I salute you!
As I walk through the valleys of the shadow of death
I shall fear no evil (Squad!)

[Verse 1]
Chilling in France, smoking AK-47
Run up on my whip, then it's AK-47
9-2 Westside, 7-8 the best side
West up or vest up, shooting from the neck up
Two french vanilla blunts and two french freaks
Big H belt, Hermes's ain't cheap
Industry nigga, bitch nigga, I'm from the streets
Raised from the gutta
Raised up selling crack, smoking weed and popping pills
Rob anything, bitch nigga, I gotta eat
Switch the subject, riding far, foreign Glock, foreign bitch
Getting foreign top on my foreign shit (Flocka!)
Nigga this the life, flew nine hours just to drink pure Cognac
I'm partying, popping mollys and drinking like a rockstar
Local-ass rappers, I'm a world star
V.I.P. club, that's a World Bar (Squad!)

[Hook]
That's the kinda music here you dance to (Squad!)
Animal Sounds party, bring your friends thru (Squad!)
Counting grams to (Squad!) Pop bottles to (Squad!)
Northside, Southside, Eastside, come thru (Squad!)

[Verse 2]
Put two thousand in the Louis store, boy I'm splurging
Down South France, showing my ass in public
I ain't never pulled down my pants
Damn, Waka Flocka Flame
College girls on me, chilling on the yacht
Drinking champagne, bumping Lil Wayne
Throwing 500 dollar bills, Purple Rain
Laughing at these haters, mane
Goddamn, these women make me wanna move to Paris
I go hard, like Cialis
Rappers do what I say, they my Paris
Any price I can match it (Flocka!)
Boom-boom, big stomache, Porcupine
Drinking red wine, flatline
Anyone of yours talking 'bout taking anyone of mine?
Grind, 365, shorty I'mma shine

[Hook]

[Outro]
Flocka, Flocka, Waka Flocka, Waka Flocka
Ay man I'm like the Dre head Booba, man: straight up, man
Clear the lane man. You blocking the lane, man. I go hard in the paint, man
Shouts out to the whole France, man: East side, West side, North side, South side
Squaaaaad! Animal Sounds, nigga. Squaaaad! Flocka!