[Intro: Kebo Gotti]
[?] right?
[?]
Kebo Gotti, you know what I mean?
Mr. Internationally Known, Locally Accepted, you feel me?
This shit don't go no better than this, you feel me?
I'm talking about real... it's so exclusive, right?
I'm finna give it to y'all niggas
I'm just gonna run with the bars
Something new, you know what I mean?

[Verse: Kebo Gotti]
I spit venom on the track, call it lyrical poets
And I burn them on wax, I'm a lyrical arsonist
You didn't want beef? Well, you shouldn't have never started it
My flow stupid like I was stupid, your're seconds from retarded
Try to act little slow, man, my shit is the hardest
No mercy for these weak MC's, laying like [?]
I'm in the industry, taking over the market
Real Money E-N-T, you know who my squad is
Say my name on the track, that'll leave you stinking like halitosis
Make that [?] know your trap, like that some [?] Grove, bitch
I Suge Knight you, run off in your studio
Strip you from your master, leave you hog-tied on the floor
They don't respect Gotti
They said that where I go, I take shit from nobody
Let everybody know that I ain't in it for the fame
I'm in it for the dough, stealing every cracker every trap
Like a [?] and I'm sucking up bread crumbs
Playing with that money get you stuck up like a thumb
When them fools plan, they like: "Where'd he come from?"
27 months in the joint, it helped me brainstorm, yes
And I brainstorm like I'm that X-Men
DJ Khaled-syndrome, we the best, man
Married to the game and the streets is my best man
Keep my enemies so close, we like best friends
Get popped, I just checked in, but didn't have reservation
Caught that young G that flew and took a vacation
You find the real from the fake when your case came
They call it incarceration, but to me, it's still preservation
I knew the road would glow and would still chose to take it
The streets love me so much, man, the streets waiting
They say them niggas talking, well, that don't amaze me
See you doing good, that's when a nigga hating
Niggas say they goons? Man, I swear they faking
Who hotter than me? Bitch, I'm hotter than Cajun
Now I'm so hot, man, I'm hotter than [?]
Heart of a lion, the brain to lead the whole nation
Gotti