[Intro: Waka Flocka Flame]
I'ma forever stay hood, millionaire eating ramen noodles
One gat, one blunt, one bitch unh (x2)
You ain't never meet a person like me
Millionaire like Tyler P
Aye, I ain't gone stop, man, run that back, man, run that back, man, run that back, man
This kush a hit, Flocka!
Bitches get hype when I don't write

[Verse 1: Waka Flocka Flame]
I'ma forever stay hood, millionaire eating ramen noodles
One gat, one blunt, one bitch, unh. [x2]
You ain't never meet a person like me
Millionaire like Tyler P
'Bout a dollar, my G
Couple beans and some lean
Now it's hard to see
Little kids wanna be like Flocka when they grow up
22 weeks straight, "No Hands," now I'm blown up
Pockets got deluxe
Like, woop, I'ma grunt, this is how my block roll
Shout out to Blair
Niggas say I can't rap, I dont motherfucking care
Birds on my gear
Own clothing line, iced out watch
Call it killing time, unh

[Verse 2: Blair Maxberry]
Yuh, yuh, yuh, aye
One girl, one blunt, one life, one dick
One nigga with a dream right here, right here
Nigga with a dream right here, right here
One nigga with a dream right here, right here
Millionaire status, still rocking dirty Chucks
I feel flyer, then bout 30 ducks
Brick Squad, what the fuck you thought I represent?
I think they got me twisted cause I'm fresher then the President (Obama!)
They don't know about, all the girls at my residents
Haters think I'm a party animal and elephant (Oh no!)
But girl, I'm so anti-celibate
BSM rockstar, fucking hoes for the hell of it

[?]

[Verse 3: P. Smurf]
West Side Daddy, long ass mink
Old school Chevy, paint lime green
Brick Squad pimp, what the fuck you mean?
30 inch rims, [?]
Your money in diapers, my shit potty trained
I've been the the county like Robert Downey
White bitch in the alley with a pound of Maui
New escalade sitting on some 30 inch rims, yeah bitch, I'm 'bout it, 'bout it
The Maserati [?], got the pink slip for it
I'm a pimp she done [?] her pink lips for it
I came from the gutter, got a house on the water
Fuck the world, do it all for my son and daughter
West Side Daddy put the candy on the caddy
Got the bitch on [?], and I took her to the valley
Hop up in another car, trying to get a little money
100,000 in the shoe box, [?]

[Verse 4: Cartier Kitten]
Got your dog on leash hoe
If you feeling froggy you can leap hoe
Take shots you ain't nothing but a free throw
My block ain't shit here peaceful
Eastside all day, all night
Eastside all day, all night
Cartier is so hood
And I really wish a muthafucker would
Nigga fuck your strip
Fuck your bitch
My whip first class, and the top dismissed
You can kiss my ass, fuck your lips
You niggas on 6, and I'm watching for the lisps
Yeah, Cartier, no watch, but I'm just in time
And I swear I'm so focused your hoes watch your spines

[Verse 5: Waka Flocka Flame]
One group one clique we like a squad

All I know is hustle, hustle, hustle
The dread head russle you ain't dead, I can't trust you
Never lift a weight, in my hood I got muscle
Nigga this the life bad bitches rollin purple
Southside on the beat so I know I'm making millions
Stacks on stacks, I'm like motherfuck the ceiling
I'm from Grove Street, L I M E
Green flag, right side, sag, unh
Benjamin Flocka, Benjamin Flocka, two Glocks and a choppa'
Benjamin Flocka, Benjamin Flocka, two bad bitches, one Glock and a choppa'
Benjamin Flocka, bitch, I talk, walk money
I dont mean to brag, personality hella good, I got swag
Nigga, Fucka, Clucka