[Intro: A$AP Rocky]
Ugh, yeah, ugh
You know I be that Lord Pretty Flacko Jodye the Second, nigga
You know we had to hit you with another one
This time I got my niggas with me
We finna keep it trill in this bitch, know what I'm saying?
If you a trill nigga, if you a trill bitch
Throw that shit up right now!

[Verse 1: A$AP Rocky]
Shotgun pop, make the military mad
Chop, won props with a military badge
Went AWOL cause I serve 8-balls
And I straight eggnog with the military axe
Pimping when I'm pinning, bitch, you couldn't tell me that (ugh)
Way too live, where the cemetery at? (yeah)
Way too smart to wear the penitentiary hat
So remember, to the end or to infinity it's (swag)
Skinny nigga, Pretty Flacko, nigga gripping that yopper (yeah)
Party like a rocker (ugh), now my niggas rocking with Flocka
Guess who just walked in with a Goyard bag
Sixteen gold teeth and four gold slabs
One dime piece, you already know she bad
Givenchy tee and extraordinary...
My wrist said I'm rich (ugh), my-my whips say I made it (yeah)
My tat say A$AP and yo bitch say I'm famous (yeah)
My whole clique dangerous (yeah)
We creeping and sweeping them grams up
For niggas and bitches and killers with triggers
Who bucking and keeping them hands up (yeah)

[Hook: A$AP Rocky]
If you a trill nigga, get your mothafuckin' hands up
If you a trill nigga, get your mothafuckin' hands up
If you a trill bitch, get your mothafuckin' hands up
If you a trill bitch, get your mothafuckin' hands up

[Verse 2: Waka Flocka Flame]
Waka Flocka, loco loco (Flocka!)
I don't fuck with po-po, po-po (No!)
FN on my hip, shorty (BOW! BOW!)
I'm not ridin' solo dolo (BOW! BOW! BOW! UGH!)
R.I.P. to Duncan Romo (Damn!)
Pay for pussy, that's a no-no (Flex!)
Throwin' money, dive in the crowd (Flex!)
Shorty I take all that promo (Flex! Flex! Flex!)
Call me Pretty Gordo (Swag!)
Baller, date a model, drinking Roma (Bass!)
Moscato keep me G'd up
While I'm buying bottle after bottle (Okay!)
Thirty chicks, Frankie Lymon (Flex!)
He ain't balling, girl, he's just lying (No!)
Oh, broke-ass nigga, won't you keep on trying? (Hahaha!)
Killed the parking lot, oh you heard, we shining (Woo! Woo!)
My watch say I made it (UNH!), my chains say I'm rich (Flex!)
Diamonds in my mouth got me talking cash shit (Squad!)
Kush Clark Kent (Squad!)
Four-door Benz, what I spent (Squad! Squad!)
Fuck your main girl off my down-south accent (Waka Flocka!)

[Hook: A$AP Rocky & Waka Flocka Flame]
If you a trill nigga, get your mothafuckin' hands up (Flocka!)
If you a trill nigga, get your mothafuckin' hands up (Waka!)
If you a trill bitch, get your mothafuckin' hands up (Squad!)
If you a trill bitch, get your mothafuckin' hands up

[Verse 3: Gucci Mane]
My whip said I made it, my chain say I'm rich (Rich!)
I'm talking cash shit, 'cause Gucci Mane the shit (Gucci!)
Hit a lot of licks (Licks!), sold a lot of bricks (Skrt!)
Served a lot of pounds, and I will never quit (Quit!)
Gucci going loco (Loco!), had that cocoa loco (Loco!)
Shorty say I fucked her, I don't really know, though (Know, though)
These ladies want a hug, baby want a photo (Ugh!)
Blue and white diamonds bitch, I'm so Tony Romo (Damn!)
Thirty-four bricks, I crammed 'em in the van
Stack a lot of bands and I serve a lot of grams (Skrt!)
Thirty-six O's, stamped with the dragon
Brick Squad, Bird Gang, yeah, we got them Falcons (Skrt!)

[Hook: A$AP Rocky & Pharrell]
If you a trill nigga, get your mothafuckin' hands up (Skateboard)
If you a trill nigga, get your mothafuckin' hands up
If you a trill bitch, get your mothafuckin' hands up (Ya heard?)
I rock Chanel nigga, and BAPE fish lures
If you a trill bitch, get your mothafuckin' hands up

[Verse 4: Pharrell Williams]
Your girl hold my dick like a Wii controller
Where's your bitch, nigga? We control her
The weed, she holding while she be over
And when she saw my mothafuckin' keys, it's over
And when I start it up, she like, "Lean me over"
Cold heart, warm dick, momma, we be polar
I wore Louboutins before they knew what they was
They like, "Louis Vuitton? Naw, uh-uh, cuz"
That's when I realized they didn't know what they was
Them niggas act like I fuckin' stepped in blood
'07 to '11, man, I put out duds
And ate space cakes that was filled with bud
And now 2012, nigga, look at these Scuds
Green hair, money on my mind, hip-hop grunge
You wear a cross, I wear a Cartier nail
You niggas ain't fuckin' with Ph'rell
My wrist sizzle hot like it's stuck in the chair
My jewelry's so loud, it's got something to share
Like a conspiracy, like it's ACHAP
Everybody on my dick like Ahab
Wait, did I say that? First, pause, then play back
Recognize nigga, A$AP

[Hook: A$AP Rocky]
If you a trill nigga, get your mothafuckin' hands up
If you a trill nigga, get your mothafuckin' hands up
If you a trill bitch, get your mothafuckin' hands up
If you a trill bitch, get your mothafuckin' hands up