[Intro]
With that big Russian choppa
Hit him in the head, crunch his skull like a lobster
Flame!

[Verse]
I wish Dunk could be next to me, standin' on these stages
Chapter of my life, let me turn a couple of pages
You know! Squad!
That's a real friend
I wish my niggas'd stop thuggin' cause we got children
They say that I'm buggin', but I'ma keep it real, man
I'm awake and I see this world we buildin'
And what, I'm a snake?
This place that I'm in, I can't be fake
Keep it real with my fans, I ain't fly as a plane
I'm as free as a bird
And I'm the type of nigga known for keepin' his word, yah heard?
That's just real, man
I still hide my money in the ceilin'
I guess I still got that feelin'
Oh the thrill for drug dealin'
I spent so much money helpin' other people out
So I got out that fast lane, I'd rather take the scenic route
My niggas would shoot it out, so it prolly even out
Would speak about these mothafuckas that would leave a G without
Tryna see what she about
Leavin' the club, she naked before she even see the house
Leave her sleepin' on the couch
I just want her ass fat, she just wanna Snapchat
Her friends wanna stab back and that's a sad fact
I don't want my cash back, I'ma get the last laugh
Cause when you play a real nigga, you never get past that, facts!
Flocka doin' EDM, and I heard he vegan now
He always on tour, hear me, he could never be around
Always talkin' business and investments and shit
He don't wanna hit the club and go flex on a bitch
See the truth is
Everybody wanna know how close me and Gucc' is
And who I'm still cool with
I'm still a So Icy boy to the squad in me
Mama had the recipe, directed me, she the one who taught me
Never let them get the best of me
But I'm the one who got it out the mud and invested me
These pussies can't fuck with me
I took 808s across the globe and saved the wait for all my clones
Waka is a Rolling Stone
Where I lay my hat my home, I might not be the best rapper alive
But I've grown as a man and I owe it all to God

[Hook]
And all my real friends, that's real shit
That's real spit, that's real shit
How many of 'em? My real friends
My real fans, my real friends

[Outro]
Gang, gang, gang, squad
Understand me?
Lil, get with the mob
Once you step in you dig what the fuck I'm sayin'
Got a half a ticket on my neck
Man, fuck it, it's a whole ticket, I'ma stop bein' modest, man
I'ma stop lyin' to these niggas, 'bout 112 on the rhythm, mothafucka
Flockaveli 2 on the goddamn way, man, me and Whoo Kid booked 'til 2017
I think we're startin' in April
I ain't ever goin' broke
Squad! Bitch!