[Verse]
Brick Squad!
I'm scared of a lot of things, but I ain't got no fear
Fear get you killed, that's why I'm still standing here
This year, 2010, I ain't holding shit back
I'ma bring pain to everybody like a heart attack
Breathe in, breathe out, motherfucker
I'm the lethal weapon, you can call me Danny Glover
Flocka go hard, he learned that shit from his mother
The label doing me dirty, trying to fuck me with no rubber, I ain't no sucker
Roll up now, roll up now
Blown up now, ay bitch, it's going down
They shouldn't have never gave a young nigga money
I'm still that same nigga, drunk, all his shoes bummy
I remember back then, 16 gooning for my partners
Selling pills and weed, shawty, motherfuck a salary
Balling up work 'cause these rap niggas fouling me
Always talk 'bout Waka, that's why his bitch wanna fuck me
Shawty you got lucky, I can't believe I lost that ice
You had a 30 clip and almost lost your life
Homie was scared to kill, how the fuck the robber real?
My first year rapping and I signed a major deal, I'm Waka Flocka
You the king of the jungle? Well, I'ma play Simba
I'm waiting for my turn, I can't lose, I'm a winner
A lot of niggas food, I'ma meet y'all at dinner
Open house to anybody, nigga, come and enter
I'm going in, I'm going in
I'm going in like my last name was Carter
Fuck a book and pay me, these pussy niggas got me mad
So I called Lody, I need a beat, I'm in the lab
Nigga, put it in the bag, Bill face, fuck a mask
I pistol whipped his ass and, I bet you remember that
Catch your ass slipping, road kill you fucking rat
Waka Flocka Flame, I heard he brought gangsta back, where the gangstas at?
I'm smoking kush in every club, if you banging, throw it up
Bitch, we fighting in the club, after that, we shoot it up
I don't really got aim, so you best take cover
Waka Flocka Flame, this the intro, motherfucker

[Outro]
Trap-A-Holics, what it do, nigga? (what it do?)
A quick warmup, nigga (yeah, nigga)
I know that, yeah... (yeah, nigga)
I did that shit right there for you pussy niggas (what it do on the west coast?)
These too lame-ass critics (what it do down south?)
You don't like it? Then throw this shit out the window, nigga
I ain't gonna take it personally (what it do on the east coast?)
You don't even know me, nigga (what it do overseas?)
Flocka, Waka (what it do to my trapping?)
Yeah, alright (what it do to my nigga slick-rapping?)
Fuck what y'all niggas talking 'bout, nigga