[Intro: Waka Flocka Flame]
Flocka!
Twin Towers in this motherfucker, nigga
Slim Dunkin, nigga
Flocka Robinson, nigga
We're in the building, nigga
When you see us, salute us or shoot us
What's happening, nigga? New mixtape

[Verse 1: Slim Dunkin & Waka Flocka Flame]
This a K.I.D. production, fuck a introduction
Told me to do 30 bars without cussin'
That's like pulling out the strap without bussin'
Nine-to-five niggas screaming, "everyday you're hustlin'"
Knowing you ain't in the trap, but you ain't sold nothin'
Gucci cut the check, signing Slim, mighty discussion
Twelves beating in my trunk to give you a concussion
Hold up, cool out before we pull them tools out
Aye, Slim, man, you shining like a motherfucker, nigga
Flocka Robinson in this bitch, nigga
In the paint shawty, nigga
We got blocks, nigga
What's happening?
Flocka!

[Verse 2: Slim Dunkin & Waka Flocka Flame]
Slim and Flock don't give a fuck, towers got you super stuck
This some bullshit, I thought you was gon' knuck if we buck
Bucking would get you shot quick, I'll let the Glock spit
Sit your ass down like the pilot in the cockpit
I'm who you despise, I see in your eyes, and
Hit the club 50 deep like shawty from Verizon
Bricksquad! Super deep, nigga
Beat your motherfucking ass, nigga
Slim Dunkin and Flocka Robinson
This shit real talk, nigga
Flocka!

[Verse 3: Slim Dunkin]
Magic City Monday, tricking on a Monday
Scared to take a shot, still fucked up from Sunday
Tuesday, the Libra, east side I see you
More than having pressure, room fucking with my people
Rock star lifestyle, Wednesday wasted
Often I will take the shots, Patron got me faded
Lavish Lounge on Thursday, wet paint Thursday
Dry paint job, got your whip looking thirsty
Figure8 on Friday, we do this shit my way
Wild, being selfish [?] right beside me
A-Plus my DJ, yelling go DJ
Stomp his ass out, I hope Jonny 8 see me
Saturday, another world, Cali with my dirty girl
Takes I know with K.I.P., arrogant with Sean T

[Outro: Waka Flocka Flame]
What's up, [?]?
Aye, man, this shit Flocka, nigga
Pull a chair up, man
Grab some popcorn, get a Coca-Cola or a Sprite
This shit going digital, man
Like, real talk, man
K.I.D. on the track, man
Fuck with this shit, nigga
Flocka Robinson and Slim Dunkin
We here now
Flocka!