[Intro: Jill Scott]

You're gonna hear the pages turn
Let me take my Gazelles off...

[Verse 1: Jill Scott]

Don't want this thing, but can't let go
Even though, I need it so
Your arms they soothe me, but I ain't no game
I ain't no toy, I ain't just brain, this ain't no movie mane
I'm a real woman, been down this road before
(I just need more) I just need more

[Chorus: Jill Scott]

Why does my body ignore what my mind says?
I try to keep it intact, but I'm here in this bed
I need to... listen, listen
Why does my body ignore what my mind says?
I tried keepin' it tight, but I'm here in this bed
I need to... listen

[Verse 2: Jill Scott]

Emotions deep down inside of me
I'm trying to hide, but they keep finding me
I want to lay low, but continuously you do...
(Uh, uh, uh!) All the right things (damn, damn, damn)
So sweet to me (Eh, eh, eh)
What do I do?
Oh

[Chorus]

Why does my body ignore what my mind says?
I try to keep it intact, but I'm here in this bed
I need to... damn
Why does my body ignore what my mind says?
I try to keep it intact but I'm here in this bed
Again, I'm scared... Again (1, 2)
Oh, oh, oh

[Verse 3: Paul Wall]

You got that ocean of soul
Baby you super thick
And I'm the man of steel with skills
Just Call me Super Dick
I got that technique that keeps you cummin' back to back
And I know you feel it all in your stomach whenever you arch your back (yeah)
I'm a pull yo hair; I know you love that
When I maneuver this tongue, your eyes roll back
I work them side angles; I'm a Kama Sutra pro
Kitchen table down to the flo
Ass in the air while you biting that pillow
Girl you know how I chop and screw
That's what a diamond chip dick do

That's what a diamond chip dick do (Jill Scott Singing)

[Chorus]

Why does my body ignore what my mind says?
I try to keep it intact, but I'm here in this bed
Again
He got that thickness, the kind that make you get up bakin biscuits with
Breakfast, so gone (background) (2x)

Why does my body ignore what my mind says?
I try to keep it intact but I'm here in this bed

[Outro: Jill Scott]

Well. Gone, gone, gone... I'm scared of this love

He got that thickness, the kind that make you get up bakin biscuits with
Breakfast, so gone (background)

And I ain't even thinkin bout the next chick that he mess with... so
Reckless, so gone