[Hook plus some talk: Paul Wall]
Diamonds Diamonds on my watch
Diamonds Diamonds on my chain
Iced Iced Iced up like the boy Johnny Dang
Every Every where I go they be lookin at me strange
(we gettin money baby)
Stay iced iced up like my boy Johnny Dang
Diamonds Diamonds on my watch
(we iced up courtesy of my partna Johnny Dang)
Diamonds, Diamonds on my chain
Every Every where I go they be lookin at me strange
(if you get like us baby get yo shine on, know what I'm talkin bout)
Iced Iced Iced up like the boy Johnny Dang

[Verse 1: Paul Wall]
Ey here I'm comin I'm shining like a comet
The grill so sick I'm makin all the haters vomit
See me I'm stuntin partna I'm shining like a chandelier
Disco ballz in each ear shining clear, the wrist wear fierce
And it a Johnny Dang time piece mind frame
On nine dime peice fine freaks
I'm spitting hotter than a popeyes four piece
6 carrot earrings
That costs 20 grand each, high as I can get
With more diamonds in a card deck
Game so cold you better put on a turtle neck
Decorated in dem brown parvaid out pronged set
Ballin' baby thats a bet hating partner
That's a test hustle hard for them checks
Grindin' till the qoute is met hundred thousand dollar neck
But you ain't seen nothing yet
Neck full of snow, like no antenna on a T.V. set
T.V. Johnny got me so icey on my grill and neck (Baby)

[Hook]
Diamonds Diamonds on my watch
Diamonds, Diamonds on my chain
Iced Iced Iced up like the boy Johnny Dang
Every Every where I go they be lookin at me strange
Iced Iced Iced up like the boy Johnny Dang
Diamonds Diamonds on my watch
Diamonds, Diamonds on my chain
Iced Iced Iced up like the boy Johnny Dang
Every Every where I go they be lookin at me strange
Iced Iced Iced up like the boy Johnny Dang

[Verse 2: C. Stone]
C. Stone, just by lookin at my chain
I know you blinded by the twinkle
I bring the icing on the cake with the VVS sprinkles
See my bracelet like the yellow brick roll on you hoes
Don't hate cuz Johnny got my teeth froze on you hoes
Now this is a coincidence my name is C. Stone
And everytime I step back all you see is big stones
See I'm on it I ain't even got a major deal
Rick Ross be lookin at me like I'm worth at least a couple mill
Is it that iced out rosary that keeps them boppers close to me?
Or maybe it's that bread winner chain that keep them comin' man
I want tha 80 point bezzeled like D. Will
They look at Johnny like they never seen an asian with a steal
My whole clique iced up Johnny Dang time piece
Light up the whole club
It ain't hard for you to find me
Paul Wall got my grill so stunnin'
For get the rest I might stop by T.V. Johnny

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Johnny Dang]
It it Johnny I'm the king of ballin'
Diamond on my neck, on my wrist, on my ring
Diamond in my grill, man I'm so real
Rest in peace to Pimp C, man he so trill
Meet me and the girl of yours on the 3rd floor
Regard cuz I'm heckling and White Jesus, the lord
It's me Johnny Dang and that boy C. Stone
It's that Johnny Dang comin' straight off the dome
Ridin on that chrome, nickle and patron
Bad yellow bone, and she want to give me dome
You see me in the O.G. magazine with Paul
I'm only five feet, but my money stand tall

[Hook]