[Verse 1]
A brother who I love says I show too much love to white chicks
But get this, that same cat? He treats sistas like shit
Take 'em, break 'em, throw 'em out, ho 'em out to other jerks
I said "She cute." He told me "Fuck that bitch, that's just my other work"
But still he freaks her. Did I say freak? my bad son
More like use, cause he wasn't sweating her orgasm
Me? I like women. Befriend'em when I sex 'em
Always scopin', hopin' that my soulmate's the next one
Hold up though, I'm dirty. Pimped hoes after grade school
Never because I needed to, I thought that game was way cool
But I earn them chips that I burn on these whips now
From a whore I need no more than her 4 lips now
All equations, Asians don't get past me, I'm colorblind, equal opportunity nasty
Feelin' like you're missin' a little Shocklett in your coffee?
Well come through, we'll fix that
Yo D, bring that mix back

[Hook]
Black kitty, place nothing above her, I love her
And white kitty, put nothing before ya, I adore her
And all the kitties in the middle Shock will never drop you
I gotchoo, I gotchoo, I gotchoo, I gotchoo

[Verse 2]
So let's see now..
You tricked her, dicked her, made her fuck the click and dissed her
Yeah Huey Newton, you're really taking care of sistas
The best thing that you could do for all women would be to eat a jackit
Or take a Sex Packet
Vegetarian or cannibal, human being or animal, I treat living things with respect
Stop bragging to me about your Nubian Queen cause u pimp her out, I wouldn't treat a goat like that
But I hate sistas, right? Yeah, they're all sluts
Especially my momma and your momma, now what?
C'mon cat, stop hating. I hit what I wanna hit bro
Whatchu regulating another nigga's dick for?
Shock do who shock wanna do, knock up who I wanna knock up. Got it?
Stop worrying about it
Everybody's mixing it up these days, that's what I know
This whole frigging world is about to be mulatto
Some brown sugar who I used to jug-up said t me
"How come you be kicking it with that white bitch instead of me?"
Well, you tend to suffocate me when you date me
Hated me just for being a man. Dangled sex to bait me
Rationed out that love. Had my future all mapped out
You wasn't winning me, boo, u was pinning me, so I tapped out
Why we wrestling? My house can't be like this
The right chick for me won't take advantage of my niceness
Can't let the King be King? Can't be the Queen
But can't stand to see Shock dipping in that cream
Can't stand how we got stuck in that rut
Bring that butt back, I'll scrap that
Yo D, bring that track back

[Hook]