Ruth, send in the next patient

Dody Oh Doh, nobody no nose job
Said dody oh do no nose job
Dody Oh Doh, nobody no nose job
Said dody oh do no nose job
Dody Oh Doh, nobody no nose job
Said dody oh do no nose job
Dody Oh Doh, nobody no nose job
Said dody oh do no nose job

People say, "Yo, Humpty, now that your records is selling
Ain't it about time for you to be bailing
Out, of the community and race that you come from?"
Yo, your face has got to change, son
Now that Cube says you're making more than Donald Trump
So, yo, go on and get your nose fixed, Hump."

[Sit down -
Wait a minute
Uh uh, no -
Get in the chair -
Listen:]

Now the Black girl wants to get her lip tucked
She says, "Doc, I want the slim lips
So I'm a slim figure."
The White girl says, "My hips are not big enough
And, yo, doc, inject the collagen to make my lips bigger."
All of these so-called 'celebrities'
Are selling millions of records
And claiming no responsibility
A young girl sees you on the TV show
She's only 6
Says, "mama, I don't like my nose"
Now, why'd you have to go and mess up the child's head
So you could get another gold waterbed?
You fake hair, contact wearing, liposuction carnival exhibit
Listen to my rhyme, you need to hear it:

Dody Oh Doh, no nose job
Said dody oh do no nose job
Dody Oh Doh, no nose job
Said dody oh do no nose job
Dody Oh Doh, no nose job
Said dody oh do no nose job
(And ya don't stop)
Dody Oh Doh, nobody no nose job
Said dody oh do no nose job

I smell the message from the tee vee
Does my Humpty nose deceive me?
Smells like "the Blacker the whacker"
Polly wants to be a cracker
If you let her
But it seems to me
The bigger the nose
The better
It says, "The Whiter, the righter"
Oh yeah, well that's tough
Sometimes I feel that I'm not Black enough
I'm high yellow
My nose is brown to perfection
And if I was to change it'd be further in that direction
So catch me on the beach
I'll be getting a tan
But make sure there's no mistake
Humpty Hump is from the Motherland
Laying in the sun
String bikini between the buns of two cuties
Still mackin'
There'll be no nose job

Dody Oh Doh, no nose job
Said dody oh do no nose job ...

[Come on Humpty, let's get out of here...]

[Dr Cook: Hello, My name is Doctor Cook, I'll be handling your surgery today
Humpty: Surgery, I don't want no surgery
Dr Cook: Yeah, but your going to be a big star
Humpty: Star? Look, I'm already a star
Dr Cook: A big star, kid
Humpty: Yall don't understand, man
Dr Cook: Big, really big. Get his legs...
Humpty: I don't wanna... yo, put me down
Dr Cook: Come on, don't worry about it. Don't worry about a thing. Calm down, you're going to be fine. Sedative. Scalpel. Knife. Gauze pads... tape. Ok, we're going to be alright, don't worry about it...]