[Intro]
"You heard about what's going on in here?"
"Heard a lotta bullshit cocked, I know that much."
"This isn't bullshit, my friend."
"Do you know something?"
"Don't listen."
"What do you know?"
"Maybe I do and maybe I don't. What I say is that they ain't got no business negotiating. We gonna be going back in they're with a bullet for everybody in the yard."
"Is that right?"
"We do it now, we do it later, later it can be new use. Am I right Al?"
"Well, wait, wait, wait minute Frank. We gotta a lotta angry guys in. They're black muslims, Panther's, Young Lord. Besides you average anti-social."
"So we gotta go in right, clean their clocks."

[Talkbox]
'94 revolution

[Verse 1: KM.G]
I hit the loose juice and pulls up in the deuce
He gives me the scoop about the fake ass troops
And how niggas out there wanna play
I take another hit of the way and then I blast away
(How far, playa?)
Far enough to go off the edge
I push another nigga off the ledge
So I stumble as I slide to the Chevy
Yeah, my eyes kinda teary and gun kinda heavy
I'm a walking dead man is what they call me when I'm comin'
Got the big S on my chest, so I'm kinda gunnin'
High powered on my way to the West Side
To check upon on some chickens
It's a hell of a drive, so drive on
As I hit my dodo stick to the breaking dawn
Crime fighting's what I do and niggas in my crew
Don't take lightly to you bustas and so we say, "Fuck you"
Then buck you, tuck you in for the night
As you think about the paper at the funeral site
So when I'm hangin' with the clique, and we in demand
I feel good that the city of angels call me black superman

[Hook (x2)]
Now everybody sing
Black superman
Now everybody know
Black superman

[Interlude]
*phone rings*
[Hutch's answerphone:] "Yo this Hutch, I ain't in right now
But uh, leave a message at the beep
You know I'm out flossin' and tossin', dippin' and trippin'
You know what I'm sayin'?"
[KM.G:] "Aye Hutch man uh, they just leavin' yo mama's house, um, I don't know what they got but, um man, they lookin' for us, man
Call me over at Peach's house."
*hangs up phone*

[Verse 2: Hutch AKA Cold 187um]
Now it was once said by an ol' loc G
Always tryna come up, yeah, and that's a G
Uh, cause when I bomb it's like a curse
Cause see, once in a lifetime everybody did some dirt
I guess it got to me the same
So at the age of 15, I entered the dope game
I had my game locked up tight
In the day I went to school, but I clocked all night
And when I went to class I always felt asleep
But I was out like a motherfucker, if somebody beeped
My teacher said, "Boy, can't it wait?"
I said, "No, I got to put some mo' icing on my cake."
I think I saved about 50 G's
I bought a truck, a house, and a Coupé on D's
Mom is trippin but she really don't know
All I'm thinkin' is she ain't on the county no mo'
Before my mama fucked with the county again
I'd rather take the risk of doin' 5 to 10
I'm not takin' a chance, I'm straight makin' a chance
So now we deserve to get what we wanna get
I got my mama up outta there
Because y'all motherfuckers just don't care
Uh, you really wanna know why I sold scum
Because my mama to me comes number one
Now you sucker motherfuckers don't understand
But to my mama, I'm her real Black Superman

[Hook: Talkbox (x2)]
Now everybody know
Black superman
Now everybody sing
Black superman