[Intro: Dialogue between father and daughter]
- "We’re not staying here tonight. This place is crawling with Jews!”
- "Oh Harry, for Pete sake, not that again! It’s most of ’em in this town It’ll be night before we get there!"
- "I don’t care, I’m not bedding down with a bunch of kikes!'
- "Oh, for crying out loud, dad!"
- "Hey, YOU SHUT UP, huh! I’m paying for this vacation When you pay, you can go to Israel for all I care!"

[Verse 1: Eazy-E]
Well, in comes the neighborhood fuck up
With the indo lit, Eazy, still be claimin' a nigga
Cause all niggas ain’t shit
Once a nigga, always a nigga
Your nigga's still a nigga
That’s a real nigga, nigga
Bitch-ass, nigga
I ain’t the okey dokey trick-ass nigga
That motherfuckers, love to hate
Stranded on Death Row, with no escape
[Sample:] Now if you see me walkin down the street
Run!!!
Cause I’m the motherfucker with the gun
Clipped in and I’m cockin
Drive-by stalkin
Fuck that car! I’m still walkin
(“Buddy boy”)
Don’t fuck with the…

[Chorus]
“The niggas, the jews, the niggas, the jews” (x4)
“The first thing you know”
“The niggas, the jews, the niggas, the jews” (x4)
"They'll stab you in the back"
“The niggas, the jews, the niggas, the jews” (x4)
“The first thing you know”
“The niggas, the jews, the niggas, the jews” (x4)
“Hey look, there’s one behind you now!”

[Verse 2: Mazik]
Yo, the feeling that I get
I get the feeling I don’t wanna hear
The kike grabbin the mic, respect, change of dialect
The way you live and think and breath
And filled up all will change it
Ruthless motherfucker mom, you know I can exchange it
Livin a higher level, you’re still fuckin with the devil
Nowhere to run and hide, I gotta slide in your dome
Give it a fisty cuffs, I gotta call my rhymes poems
Mazik does and Eric does, too
Sometimes I rock the cradle
(Okay I’m it!)
Then loose hit the heads with direct drive table flowin

[Will 1X]
In one two threeeeeee
No, fuck it, I’m talkin ’bout A-B-Ceeeeee
The A-T-B-A-the N-posseeeee
Then fuck it then you can get with the one two threeeeee
Yo 57, 53, a manufaction is recital
Boom with the A-clip, zone without a title
Schizophrenic, ass’ll panic, psychocentric lyrics walker
Holy avenue, it seems this fucking journeys never through
Yo, over them hills I go, yo, over them hills flows will
The H20 know pros, I’m smokin the bobo still
The action seems to be paused, on and off goes the pattern
So cover your fuckin abdomen, the niggas and jews scatter

[Chorus]
"The niggas, the jews, the niggas, the jews” (x4)
"The first thing you know"
"The niggas, the jews, the niggas, the jews" (x4)
"They'll stab you in the back"
"The niggas, the jews, the niggas, the jews" (x4)
"The first thing you know"
"The niggas, the jews, the niggas, the jews" (x4)
"Hey look, there’s one behind you now!"

[Verse 3: Benyad]
Ayo mom
Guess who’s coming to dinner
I think I’ll pick the winner cause the winner bring harm
Here’s another one sinner, sicker than hell, my sinth forgiveth
Suppressed at the same time I lived in, so how you’re livin?
Yo, you know I got the, gusto
Myself and the right-hand son manifesto
Leave embarrassed cause I’ll roll you in the stairwell
Kickin shit with Atban Klann and Eazy muthaphukkin Eric
{“SA PRIZE, NIGGAZ!”}
Spare me that goddamn sob story
Cause you’re scared of the niggas and the kikes are gonna burn Old Glory
Same ol’ story, same ol’ scene, what you mean
Refrain from a sling, I got more balls than a Pachinko game
Need a shoulder to cry on, meet me on Mount Zion
Cause the son is a lion
A null and void
(“{*sniff*} Hell, you even startin to smell like a nigga, jew-boy”)

[Chorus]
"The niggas, the jews, the niggas, the jews” (x4)
"The first thing you know"
"The niggas, the jews, the niggas, the jews" (x4)
"They'll stab you in the back"
"The niggas, the jews, the niggas, the jews" (x4)
"The first thing you know"
"The niggas, the jews, the niggas, the jews" (x4)
"Hey look, there’s one behind you now!"