[Verse 1: Eazy-E]
One and then comes the two to the motherfuckin' three
Then comes the Eazy to the other fuckin' E
Playin' niggas life like a puppet
And can't dance
But could touch it, so fuck it
Rappers want to diss I'm glad to see `em
Cause I rip your fuckin' face outta a magazine
O.G. gangsta lean
Now after I shit your face wipes that ass clean
Time to get tipsy
And don't want a bitch if she can't rub the balls like a gypsy
Who's all in?
Since you put yourself on my dick I put my nuts on your chin

[Hook: Eazy-E]
Nuts on your chin
Since you put yourself on my dick I put my nuts on your chin
Nuts on your chin
Since you put yourself on my dick I put my nuts on your chin

[Verse 2: Eazy-E]
Motherfuck what ya heard I'm more than that
A real nigga from the hood and I'm all of that
Thick as a hicky
A picky nigga fittin' dickies with bitches strictly dickly
Many sets I rolled on
And killed squeals that told on, my homies they sold on
Don't ask Eazy shit
It's still a hit is a hit, and a bitch is a bitch
Hangin' on my nuts like a hair strand
Hangin' there with n'ear heart, and n'ear plan
Ass out like an asshole
Runnin' to my dick with a rhyme and a lasso
Again and again
From beginning to end it's my nuts on your
Chin

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Eazy-E]
You couldn't beat a minute of my ass, if I gave you sixty seconds
Tick tock, shit starts, I start a steppin'
E to the motherfuckin' A to the motherfuckin' Z, here's the Y, here's the E
Here to stay
After you when I'm through
Check me and Rodney King Fuck Tha Police part 2
Now back to my friends
Nuts to ya nose to ya lips to ya chin
Real niggas love us, hussies never fuck us
The roughest ruckas fingers couldn't touch us
Eazy E's back again
Fuck waitin' For a pay day get an A.K
Everyday is a blast, yeah, blast a nigga fast knock his ass get all the cash
Who's all in?
Since you put yourself on my dick I put my nuts on your chin

[Hook x2]

[Outro: Eazy-E talking]
"N.W.A. - Niggas With Attitude. We're underground reporters we tell about, you know, the streets and everything that goes on, you know, around in Compton, in our area, what's going around around us, we don't know what the fuck's going around by you. But frankly we don't give a fuck, you know. Most kids in Compton don't give a fuck who the mayor or the president is. You know they're not even interested in votin'. And the police, you know what I'm sayin'? I say fuck em."