One, two, three, kick it

[Intro: The D.O.C.]
Aiyyo Dre, what's goin on man? What's goin on?
Ay what ch'all gonna do for this last record?
Nah tell me what cha'all gonna do?
Okay, you want me to do the intro? Aight!

[Verse 1: The D.O.C.]
Parental discretion is advised for the moment
While I'm getting candid, now understand it
Ain't too typical in any way, though the pro
On the mic is the D.O. to the C., this is an intro
I know The D.O.C. makes you want to take a Valium
So buy a bucket cause upcoming is my album
And for the record, meaning my record, check it
Listen to the single and you'll be like, yo, I gotta get it
But in the meantime, listen to the rhyme
Of the Dr. Dre played with N.W.A
Yella's on the drum roll, rocking the beat
Aiyyo Dre, where's you gonna take this shit man?

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre]
Aiyyo, let's take it to the street (WORD UP!)
Let 'em understand perfection
Let knowledge be the tool for suckers to stop guessing
Cause I don't give a fuck about radio play
Observe the English I display
Lyrics for the adults, children have been barred
And scarred from listening to something so motherfucking HARD
Dope, pumping that's so my shit will never falter
Yo it's Dre so fuck the "Mind of Minolta"
Psycho like no other motherfucker
So step to me wrong, G-O for what you N-O
But be warned, never will I leave like a regular
Cause I'm a little better than the regular competitor
I use to see 'em on stage
Earning money like a thief, but without a gauge
Until I got full, of clocking the lame getting pull
(They said you wasn't gon' get paid)
Nah that's bullshit! They like it stylistic
And I enchant the crowd like I'm a mystic
(C-C-C-C) C-C-C-cameras are flashing when I'm in action
A photo, or fresh with a flair for fashion
Pure simplicity -- see, it's elementary
You hear one of the hardest motherfuckers this century
Try to comprise a word to the wise and the guys
Parental discretion is advised

[Verse 3: MC Ren]
Ren is most extremely high performance
The black hat cause I worn this, cause it's like enormous
Some shit I don't take it, not even in a toilet
And shit from a sucker, put in a pot and I'll boil it
Turn up the pilot as it burns
And maybe the motherfuckers will learn
I'm not a sub, cause I speak sensible
Not considered a prince, cause I'm a principal
I'm engineering the shit that you're hearing
Cause when it comes to power, I'm power steering
Silly you say, I say you're silly when you say it
Rushing to the eject, to put my shit in and play it
It's like Apollo, but I'm not an amateur
And I'm not giving a fuck while I'm damaging ya
It's for the record; so Ren's lyrics is gonna spin it
And if there was a trophy involved, I'd win it
Possession is mine and I'm the holder
Cause a nigga like Ren don't give a fuck cause I'm older
So for you to step off would be wise
And say fuck it, parental discretion is advised

[Verse 4: Ice Cube]
I be what is known as a bandit
You gotta hand it to me when you truly understand it
Cause if you fail to see, read it in Braille
It'll still be funky -- so what's next is the flex
Of a genius, my rapid-stutter-stepping if you seen this
Dope, you hope that I don't really mean this
But if Play made a greater high-top fade
It's not my trademark when I get loose in the dark
You guess it was a test of a different style
It's just another motherfucker on the pile
Driving your ass with the flow of the tongue
You hung yourself shortly after knowledge was brung
To your attention, by the hardest motherfucking artist
That is known for lynching any sucker in a minute
Stagger 'em all
When I start flowing like Niagara Falls
Ice Cube is equipped to rip shit in a battle
Move like a snake when I'm mad; and then my tail rattle
I get low on the flow so let your kids know
When I bust, parental discretion is a must

[Verse 5: Eazy-E]
Little did they know that I would be arriving
And it's surprising, rocking it from where I been
But it's the E here to take, no mistake to be made
In the trade where funky ass records are being played
Fuck the regular, yo as I get better the
Bitches wanna trick and go stupid up on the dick
So I get 'em hot, thinking they're gonna get it
As they sit, rubbing their legs like a cricket
To you it may be funny, but
There's no service of beef without money
So slip the C-note, and you can choke
On a wing-ding-ding-a-ling down your throat
Foreplay to me ain't shit
When you spread 'em I'm ready, then you can get the dick
Of the Eaz, if you can deal with the size
But if you can't, parental discretion's advised!

[Outro]
Shut the fuck up!