Ahhhhh!
The bad guys are coming
[?]
We're all talkin' shit now
[?]
I ain't gonna miss this

[Intro: Ice Cube +(Dr.Dre)]
Remix my black ass
(Heh heh heh heh, hey man, that little nigga gettin' his ass whipped)
Wait...this shit sound familiar
(Hey, hey wait a minute goddammit it that the only thing y'all motherfuckers know how to play?)
Flip it on the B-side motherfuckers!
(Been playin' that shit all night)
[?]

[Verse 1]
Easily I approach
The microphone because I ain't no joke
Tell your momma to get off of my tip
I have no time to give her my dick
I'm gonna hold it, and walk around the stage and
If you fuck up I'm goin' to get my gauge and
Unload the barrel and laugh
'Cause I'm puttin' lead in your mothafuckin' ass
Psychopathic, but the hoes are attracted
Because when I'm on hard, my dick's at least a yard
In the days of old, I was a nut
Now I'll need at least 3 hoes when I fuck
'Cause I do a check—nut 1, nut 2
Then I save a nut for when there's nothin' else to do
Get used to the crew, bitch, 'cause I would never quit
As soon as you think that's it, I'm still talkin' shit

[Interlude: Ice Cube + (Dr. Dre)]
Ain't that a bitch
(Ain't that a bitch)
Motherfucker you need yo little ass whooped
(Quit blowin' smoke in my damn face motherfucker)
Boy, boy, say something I won't listen to

[Bridge]
Eazy (Eazy), The E-A-Z-Y-E
If it sounds complicated then read the marquee
Ruthless (Ruthless), label me or label my label
A cable for the bitches and niggas I throw in ditches
Smoke 'em (Smoke 'em), it ain't nothing for me to kill 'em
And carry 'em, to the grave, recite and then I bury 'em
Making sure I create enough space
To drop his ass in while I'm dropping this motherfuckin' bass

[Interlude: Ice Cube + (Dr. Dre)]
I still can do the Mashed Potato motherfucker!
What can you do?
(I thought you said you were from Compton, Michigan
Ain't no such thing as Compton, Michigan motherfucker you lied to me)
Nigga Compton, California motherfucker

[Verse 2]
I got a fable that you need to listen to
It's a funky little rhyme about a bitch or a two
One's Sharon, the other one Shaun
I wanted to nut, but which one do I want?
Shaun said, "Eazy, let me fuck you blind"
And Sharon said, "E, I want to blow your mind"
I said fuck it, I know what should be done
Just pull your panties down and I'll fuck the biggest one
And then I get the other pussy, put it in the freezer (freezer)
So I can always have a on-hold skeezer (skeezer)
Yeah, that's the ticket, I'll do it like that
So I told the hoes to take a big step back
Took the zipper down, eyes wide, and said
"Here's what I'm gonna put inside"
Grab it like a rabbit (grab it), let's work it (work it)
But I won't love you—when I'm done, I'll still be talkin' shit ...

[Interlude: Ice Cube + (Dr. Dre)]
This remind me of that old [?] joint Miss Mabel had, you could have all the fat bitches you want, and I have a goddamn [?]

[Bridge]
Fuck it (fuck it), the new, the old, the ordinary
Obviously, you can't hang with my commentary
I don't give a fuck what's up, you wanna get up?
Nope, cause you a sucker motherfucker
Dre kicks the bass, and I talk shit
That's it, that's all
Because to call a bitch a bitch, you gotta have balls
Slap a hoe across the face, and talk shit to the motherfuckin' kick, of the motherfuckin' bass

[Interlude: Ice Cube + (Dr. Dre)]
Didn't I tell you that nigga was crazy
Remind me of that [?] motherfucker
Y'know he sayin' howdy, howdy, howdy, howdy, howw
(Get yo motherfucker hands off me motherfucker)
You back off you ugly motherfucker
(Suck my dick)
Lick my balls motherfucker!
(Wait a minute, wait a minute, cut this dumb shit
Ayo Yella Boy, why don't you rewind it)

[Verse 3: Eazy-E]
Niggas don't see I'm a 100 percent legit
And you know it ain't about all that bullshit
It's about fuckin' this bitch and that bitch
But not the bitch with the 7 day itch, like that ho' (that ho')
Just throwin' me the pussy (pussy)
She says she wants to do it like a doggy (doggy)
She's bad, nobody is badder
But she got more crabs than a seafood platter (platter)
Bitch on the gank move (gank move), to skeaze me
Just to say "I got fucked by Eazy" (Eazy)
So I slapped the ho' like a pimp
I might be a woman-beater but I'm not a pussy-eater
So when the shit hits the fan, it's outta my mouth (my mouth)
You don't like what I'm talkin' about? (about)
All of y'all can just suck my dick
You could quote me now 'cause I'm still talkin' shit

[Outro: Ice Cube + (Dr. Dre) + Eazy-E]
This ain't no CP Hill, motherfucker
This sound like that Parliament Funk [?]
Yo yo, watch me do this
*piano notes*
{?}
Ester, I'm coming to see ya honey
[?]
That boy Eazy, and the nigga on the side, you know, that right around the corner from him
(Damn lie)
The nigga be livin' around the corner
(You be talkin' too much shit)
Nigga, I was in 3 World Wars, nigga
(Motherfucker I knew the nigga when he was knee high)
I'm still talkin shit!
I used to court the motherfucker, I used to change his shitty ass diapers
(That's a damn lie)
He ain't lyin'
Put 'em up motherfucker, put 'em up
(Put 'em up)
C'mon motherfucker
You better cut that old shit out, or I'll come over and pee on one y'all motherfuckers
Yeah, ain't nothing but a goddamn thang on my slang, I can rap, look
Rabba dabba slabba, ey, and if you want something else, buy the album bitch