[Intro: Laylaw Talking]
Yo, D.O.C. - why don't you blaze that J?
Cause this is the Law House experience
So you know, it's gonna be some mega shit
So who is that?

[KM.G]
KM.G will never be a trick
Step up to the mic like a baller then I pimp this gift
And only I possess
I illustrated it way to get this shit off my chest
I'm ghetto raise to amaze the crowd, it's quite simple
KM.G has degrees from Uni of South Central
I'm a graduate, and it's all legit
From the pimpin' and ballin' and all that good shit
I have the mega thoughts, in which I speak in a slang
While I'm kicking it with the G's from the Ruthless gang
Ain't nothin' changes but the weather like I said before
Cause I'm livin' like hustlers and I'm checkin' galore
Yo, I have to give it up to The D.O.C
A Ruthless brother, that's down with the KM.G
So all hail to the niggas that's turnin' it out
And maybe then, I'll take the gun barrel out of your mouth

[Break: Laylaw]
Knowledge, from one generation to another
Preserved, and then transmitted, get it?
Down the Ruthless way, you know what I'm saying?
So what's up Dre?

[Dr. Dre]
Now I'm a swinger, I'm not a motherfuckin' singer
But I bring a, melody that always seems to ring a
Bell as well, let's make it so you can tell
Yo, it's comin' from Compton where the ballers dwell
'Cause I'm Dre, the motherfuckin' doctor, causin' propaganda
When I'm on the mic, I demand a
Little bit of time to express myself
From CD and wax, kickin' the facts and it's like that
A nigga with a motherfuckin' attitude
You know the deal, kickin' some real shit
And if a sucker ever thinks he can get some
Yo, step off, I'm kickin' lyrics for the deaf and the dumb
But any occasion, gettin' the bitches with the mega persuasion
Then my dick starts to make an invasion
But, yo, I can't go on
Because this is the end of my part on the last song

[Break: Laylaw]
Real G from the streets, villainous when he speaks
For all you bustas who can't deal, give it up the real

[MC Ren]
Now when you see me, you're duckin' and slippin, yo, then you fell down
You fucked up and finally figured who was the cell down
Pullin' the pulls, crotchin' the bull
The weak motherfuckers were smellin' like shit
So I guess that they're full of it
And I love it when I dress like a crook
With a "I don't give a fuck" look
The Villain was somethin', I'm like a hero
Jackin' all the niggas with beef, off of relief, I mean the zeros
The rest of the 100 precent was sent to do what I say
N.W.A. and A.T.L. and we don't play
The Doc is doin' it also correctly
See, I broke it down for the ones who tried to check me
But I can't be checked, cause I'm the checker
When you see a nigga wrecked, believe that I'm the wrecker
The right is for the fight then the left will attend
When doin' it wrong, MC Ren is on the last song

[Break: Lay Law]
From a genius to temporary insanity, the ganster's dream
The bitches' fantasy, Ruthless, so now we've come to the pay off

[Eazy-E]
One motherfuckin, two motherfuckin' three
It's the Hip-Hop thugster Eazy-E
So I grab the mic and then I clear my throat
First nigga kickin' lyrics in a straightcoat
It's Eazy for me to come off like this
So you can kiss my ass where the sunrays miss
Or just give me the pussy, then I'll be straight
And if you don't, fuck it, I'll masturbate
(We wanna fuck you Eazy) Yeah, you bitches scream
Now bow down and praise The Lord for the wing ding
I got skill to deal and run game on bitches
You can tell that I'm sick, by the triple sixes
I hear voices in my head for what reason
But when the talkin' stops (*Gun Shot*) it's drive-by season
So back the fuck off and give me respect
Now they're shippin' me off 'cause Eazy played with a half deck

[Break: Laylaw]
Criminal in his thoughts, murderous in his lyrics
The notorious Cold

[Cold 187Um]
187, you know I gotta have it
Now being Above the Law is an everyday habit
If you think I drop some pimp shit, I ain't
Perhaps, I say a couple rhymes to make the bitches faint
Now everybody wants to chill, ill and bill
Now what the fuck is the deal?
You need a nigga like me to get the shit goin'
187 has got the ultimate flowin'
Now it's time, for me to go off like a maniac
Run up, for cover cause I'm on the attiznack
An untouchable player rolled up into one mind
87 reasons why fools stayin' in line
'Cause I ain't the average nigga behind the trigger
I lay and spray anything in my way
Cause I'm a boss player, for the streets of South Central
Believe what you want, but soon you'll eventually see
That A.T.L is straight to mega
Don't be surprised 'cause we played you like Sega
And as bodies keep droppin, you see me keep movin' on
Peace, I'm outta here, 'cause this is the last song

[Break: Laylaw]
Mega place, persuasion, that's from the House
Law House that is; all graduates from U.S.C
For those that don't know, it's the University of South Central

[Dr. Dre]
Yeah, you know that shit Law
Yo, this is Dr. Dre, Ruthless Records is in full motherfuckin' effect
Droppin' shit that's goin' to hit 9.2 on the Richter Scale, boy

[Cold 187Um]
And yeah, this is Cooooooooooold 187Um in the place

[Dr. Dre]
Word up!

[Cold 187Um]
A.T.L definitely ranched y'all, y'all brought it so y'all caught it

[Dr. Dre]
A dose to the Mega Flex
Yo, right about now we wanna give a shout out to everybody
That helped put this motherafuckin' project together

[Cold 187Um]
Yeah, I'd like to give a shout out to my homie KM.G
Yo, DJ Total Koss, Go-Mack With The Sack and Lay Law

[Dr. Dre]
And you know that, I wanna give a shout out to my homie MC Ren, Eazy-E the hip-hop thuggster, my homie DJ Yella, The D.O.C. and Michel'le

[KM.G]
Yo, shouts goes out to Donovan
Mic Home, Stan, Mike Sims, L.A. Dre, you know, and to Jerry

[Dr. Dre]
And you know that, brand shit
Awww yeah, Mega thoughts, Law House
Definitely, gotta give a shout out to every record they kick it kind of soft
Law House, Hip-Hop

[KM.G]
Break the City, Above the Law, kickin' Lyrics, Above the Law

[Dr. Dre]
West Coast is takin' this shit over

[KM.G]
To the nineties, the nineties