[Intro: The D.O.C.]
Yo, man that's the...
D.O. to the C
D.O., D.O. to the C
Keeping it dope
D.O., D.O. to the C
Keeping it dope, Dre rockin' the instrumental
D.O. to the C
Keeping, keeping it dope, Dre rockin' the instrumental
Knowledge and the talent, and the talent, and the talent...
Keeping, keeping it, keeping it dope, D.O. to the C
Knowledge and the talent, and the talent, and the talent...
Keeping, keeping it dope, Dre rockin' the instrumental
Knowledge and the talent, and the talent, and the talent...
Keeping, keeping it, keeping it dope
D.O., D.O. to the C, D.O., D.O., D.O to the C

[Dr. Dre]
It's the formula

[Verse 2: The D.O.C.]
It's like a message that only I could understand
But those who want to comprehend will again
Be in the midst of the brother
Unlike another in any way
Cause Dre don't play, say what the other say
Originality is a must whenever I bust
A funky composition, it's crush and I trust that you
Know it when you hear a funky record with potential
Me gettin' hype cause Dre rockin' the instrumental
Nothing like what you've heard before and more, never less
See I don't Fess, I mean I'm like fresh if not the freshest
When I'm expressin' my thoughts on
Vinyl, you can't help but listen up and get caught on
Hooked because I cook when I pick up a pen
And begin, in the end it's dope, that's cause I want to win
Knowledge and the talent that my mother had born to her
Equals the DOC, what is it Dre?

[Dr. Dre]
Yo man, that's the formula

[Verse 3: The D.O.C.]
Keepin' it dope as long as I can like imagine
Makin' each record that I do better than the last one
Take a little time, choose the topic and drop it
Release it, the science of makin' dope beats with
Rhythmic American poetry
Shipped it to stations, now many people know of me
I'm the D. into the O. and the O. into the C. and the C. into the period
Suckers are fearin' this
When heard, the dope style calculated by the great wait
And take just a second to get caught up in my record
New but not a kid to be worn
If something gettin' torn up then I'm doin' the
Tearin', not bein' torn
Shapin' up to be one for the top vocalist lyricist
And when you hear of this
You shouldn't choke on this
Knowledge and the talent makes it valid
For me to get it patented
Dre, tellin' what I'm rappin'

[Dr. Dre]
The formula

[Verse 4: The D.O.C.]
In effect and I'm smooth, that's why I'm on the incline
Suckers frontin' for nothin' cause I'm goin' to get mine
It's in the cards and I think I might have read this
So don't lie and try to front like someone said this
Most who know thoughts served by the DOC see
That it's a mission impossible, tryin' to rock me
For an arena who'd ask me to perform for her
G.O. and easily I flow and ya know usin' the formula