[Verse 1: G-Eazy]
Yeah, blue jeans, Air ones and a white tee
'06 hangin' out the window like, yee
Hyphy on one, off a bottle might be, my tree
Smokin' Agent Orange, Hi-C
Back when me and Marty was recordin' at my Mom's
Most of y'all were chasin' around bops
I was in the lab, only hoping that my job
Never would be based around mops now I'm on
Yeah, she know; love me cause my ego
Girls and the drugs always follow us where we go
Ay, where the Bay at?
Shouts out to Jay Ant
Lookin' for the party girls, let me know where they at
Skinny rich girls always askin' where the yay at
Throw a house party like cool, where you stay at?
Turn upside down, let her twerk on the wall
Took her to the bathroom and did work in the stall

[Verse 2: Justin Bieber]
You gotta go and get angry at all of my honesty
You know I try but I don't do too well with apologies
I hope I don't run out of time, could someone call a referee?
'Cause I just need one more shot at forgiveness
I know you know that I made those mistakes maybe once or twice
By once or twice I mean maybe a couple of hundred times
So let me, oh let me redeem, oh redeem, oh myself tonight
'Cause I just need one more shot at second chances

Yeah, is it too late now to say sorry?
'Cause I'm missing more than just your body
Oh, is it too late now to say sorry?
Yeah, I know that I let you down
Is it too late to say I'm sorry now?
Ooh, ooh
I'm sorry, yeah
Ooh, ooh
Sorry, yeah
Ooh, ooh
Sorry
Yeah, I know that I let you down
Is it too late to say I'm sorry now?
Ooh, ooh

[Verse 3: G-Eazy]
From the BART train to a tour bus
Still the same game except I'm pulling more sluts
More butts, more bucks, never giving more fucks
Did it my way, I'm never taking short cuts
Raised in that town like fool, who put you upon?
Huh, E-40, Mac Dre is who I grew up on
I'm just selling game got you if you need a coupon
You can check my resume, see every beat I threw up on
Smoking on grapes, rollin up swishers, no papes
Back of the Ghost, closed drapes
I'm a boss tycoon
Girls in the crowd all swoon
Super high, I'm off to the moon
And I vanished with your girl then I took her to my room
She wants me to slay ooh-kay, that means doom
Boom, and it's to be expected
Knew this would happen as soon as she texted

[Verse 4: Justin Bieber]
Can we both say the words and forget this?
Yeah, is it too late now to say sorry?
'Cause I'm missing more than just your body
Oh, is it too late now to say sorry?
Yeah, I know that I let you down
Is it too late to say I'm sorry now?
I'm not just trying to get you back on me
'Cause I'm missing more than just your body
Is it too late now to say sorry?
Yeah, I know that I let you down
Is it too late to say I'm sorry now?

Sorry