Snap; Crackle;
Otomotopia; Oh No I Don't Wanna Be Ya
Who want it? Who want it?
You don't wanna see em; Victim
You don't wanna be em; Eat em
Its time to go and hustle and muscle I'm ready to go
I been swimming in flow and ….. U.N.E.O
Im ready for the kodiak moment; you thinking that you the shit; ima
Flush ya toliet; Hold Up woah der; You don't wanna go there; ……
Im the dragon in the cave you don't wanna show there
Im doing a show there; brave as can go here
I just want dome……breakfast in bed…..a lil off topic
Back to I said………Competetion; No way XXL Dead
Send you crying to momma oooo layin in the bed
All yo plans fail; Ed Edd and Eddd……Dy
You wasn't ready…….Im too heavy
Im too clever; Im too edgy….Im catchy…
You can't catch me………bugs bunny and yo simiti
And I'm too silly see…….you can't see me
You can't touch me; you can't be me
…. I made you soo mad you purple - seely
All my life I had to fight…

Im Cooking in the kitchen……..Lil B Cooking
But I'm not trolling you just sucking
Demolish; Sabotaging;Imtakingoverthestarterkicks
Redefining the game;andbackingitwithdaslaughterkids
Do not ever start again.. you don't want the mobb again
One man army em……..I ain't going hard enough
Im just getting started up
Going hard and I can't stop; knocking wood on stock; Im on the rise tho
I don't even own stock. Im bout this action y'all niggas passive. Past time talkin. Passive Agression. Wreakin ball ralph just glitch up the session. Glitch up the Glitch up….missing….. 7…breakin syllables with syllables

Im mobile, Im moving. Im rpg'd off endorphins. I put my all in my all, TNT grade promotion; I body body for body. I throw they carcass and cook it. devour blood off they bones. I kno they no competition. no no no no no work, Ill dig yo hole in the dirt.  Grind all Yo bones into dust, and make you scatter disperse. You don't want we with me. Ill make you go back church. Im going hard like I'm church. Im going hard till it hurts. rahhhh

Cointoss for who gonna set up; The Set Up. Ill gas these females heads up. As long as they give me Headups. No warnings no nothing; nothing just cum all over her sweatshirt. TMA We goon We doing more with no effort. Im thinking all my efforts were essays written in baskets. Scrolls. Legends feel me. Prophecy is in action..now Im born king; let the the younging invent: Cause a maelstrom room. Nigga Open the vents. now The lion in this room; don't jump in the pit. If you ain't know now you know no hit is a miss. So when you sitting on the fence no slap on the wrist. Tryna play both sides will live you dead you in the ditch. Can't serve two sides nigga eggs on my grits…burritos and these eggs got me shittin the bricks. Y'all niggas need bricks cuz y'all heads to thick. Thats what yo bitch said to me nigga Head to thick.  You know dating is healthy. Food good. pussy good and everything help me. I'm still developing as an artist. Im learning I'm honest. Ive grown more than I am conscious. I'm slowly iconic. Y'all just fire to my ashes. I just phenoix right after. Born King. Side Chapter. Mufasha; BackUp. Cuz my arms like a semi when I act up. Levels Huh. Rack Up