[samples]
The message is, that no matter how long it takes, and no matter what the cost-
We are witnessing a revolution in the technology of war
There are no survivors
Heat up Washington!

[Bigg Jus]
The gypsum calligraphist
Who mentally burn visions of wooden block prints
Infused with the finest myrrh and frankencense
Point to the mother Tau ships and swirling orbital disc [?]
Triangulating the position that doesn't seem to exist
Elliptical chips, with the slightest gentle kiss
Blew the stone ancient roof and door hinges off the monolith
Shining a gradient beam of light dusting off the bioluminous
With God power biters one billion and fifty sons
Who levitatin' down to peer through the bullet hole to expose the smoking gun
Horrifyingly and aiming the one shatterin' the Earth's heavens
Then turn to point it to the one with the most state-of-the-art weapons
In the name of peace trying to bomb sixes into sevens
(Nephlim, Nephlim)
Trying to bomb sixes into sevens
(Heat up Washington!) (Nephlim)
Trying to bomb sixes into sevens
From out the deception clouds and into the heart of darkness
Apache B2 stealth F117 with a jackass and a giant elephant in the cockpit
Droppin' daisy cutters on kiddie targets
Ready to vaporize the mythical boogiemen to ashes in orbit
Blindly trying to set a simulated democracy free
With a schizophrenic eagle mascot with a broken left and extremely retarded right wing
In reality 360 equates to the same thing
Callin in DCI executive suite supreme commander-in-chief
Talons submerged in mercs and mercs in petroleum ink
Butt-naked clutching a dildo ghosting through the hallways on phantom puppet strings
(Nephlim, Nephlim, Nephlim, Nephlim)
Let the horns sing from heaven
(Nephlim) (Heat up Washington)
John Wayne politics trying to bomb sixes into sevens
(If any country is foolish enough to resist...)
Imperial expansionist goose-stepping
(Heat up Washington)
Iran-contra felons
(I am the supreme commander)
Who you tellin'? We dealin' with
Ongoing perpetual warfare against any country, any regime
Anyone out there that dare stand in the way of this digital imperialist cream
BKA the grand old American dream we call Texas tea
In a spiral of lust raping the natural resources Central Asia and the Middle East
Or Colombia, Venezuela, any undeveloped nation out there lacking protection
From out the murky shadows they come to butterfly ballot the next election
Well-connected with wealth and thirty-few pharmaceuticals and defense sectors
With a loving president, who led the United States in execution as governor of Texas
You've been caught with your pants down, the world can clearly see your second face
And it got horns on it, and hairy goat hooves below the waist
How can a country be about peace and at the same time dominate the global arms trade?
Living in a disinformation age with white man war ways
(Glorious! Simply glorious!)
We ain't gonna let you light that fuse for armageddon
Bring the Air Force in, we'll bring the green, black, and red in
Once the people know the truth there's no way out there they can even stop us
We'll lay you across the altar at Karnak and wedge a petrified pretzel in your shallow esophagus
Fold you up inside of ornate complicated Chinese puzzle boxes
Rotate you infinitely on the tippy-top of the Washington obelisk
Kidnap you during your brotherhood of death ritualistic paganistic OM
Feed you dirty uranium til your innards start to glow
Examine your skull and bones and expose your triple six
On your bloody knees worshiping phallic imagery rockin' a pink tunic
I'll lock you in suspended animation and windmill you on the tip of your dick til it disintegrates to a eunuch
Trick
I'll put some vinyl black panties on you, red ball in your mouth and make you a fluffer for a gay porno flick
Who's the national security threat?
I'll tie you down to an aircraft carrier flight deck
Then pull back the mechanism that catapult these jets

[sample]
Mr. Bush, wherever you are, stop your killing machine!
Your system has failed! It's been exposed!
No one has the right to kill anyone!
You can't kill people to prove that killing is wrong!
You can't kill people to prove that killing is wrong!
No one has the right to kill anyone!
You can't kill people to prove that killing is wrong!

The United States cannot preach non-proliferation while escalating the arms race ourselves

Today's new approach emphasized deterrents in four critical theaters, backed by the ability to swiftly defeat two aggressors in the same time frame while preserving the option for one major offensive to occupy an aggressor's capital and replace the regime