Verse 1: {Malik}
Back in the day i stayed paid i slayed and slang them thangs
Never had shit no i never had a fuckin' thing
I didn't have Moms to spend time or curl back
I needed that fast money so i had to react
?
I hustle when i had to so my pockets could stay kinda fat
Never was a crab i never was a ?
Just do what i gotta do and break a nigga off somethin'
?
I just make em holla until he feels pain
Gimme your sneakers, money, clothes, rings, and your fuckin' chains
Cuz I-I I never could have shit
Who'd ever think id have this
I wasn't sure i had a window to throw out my pot of piss
Now-Now-Now this verse is to show whose life was worse
That's why im a bad boy ghetto bastard and always have to curse

{Chorus}
Back in the day when i was a teenager (X4)

Verse 2: {Jamal}

For Christmas i wish for a tip
My daddy never played catch
My mommy was addicted to crack because she had no self-respect
I used to walk the streets ? until my grandma took me away
But still i wasn't safe
But something changed i had someone to care for me
But still i never had a male influence around me
My momma, grandmama, auntie and uncle were strung out
The only time i got love is when i had money or some drugs
?
Until i start stealin thats when my people start to wonder
"Where you got it, When you got it, Can i have it, Can you give it to me so i can make some ends by sellin it?
Most of the time i used to give it to them but then my uncle Ed crossed over and made ducats by the minute get it?
Im never packin pop tarts for lunch, im packin 38 special thats why they call me Mr. Hotshot

{Chorus}

Verse 3 {Malik}

In Holly Hill they hate to see you smile love to see you frown
Can't get yourself up out the ghetto tryin to keep the next family down
But you know, thats how it ever was
If you can't have it you get it from the one who does
My momma did what she had to do to satisfy ?
But now i gotta go move my first packages
More sales and we was making money we couldn't stay in the 'jects had to get up and go
Niggas couldn't stand to see that and started snitchin to 5-0
In other words, rattin' like a mouse
They listened and listened and then they ran up in the fuckin' house
Trashed the crib the whole thing was a mess
They was takin everybody down puttin ? in DSS
Josetta shed tears, it was a cryin' shame right
That's when i met Naughty By Nature and they told me that everything was gonna be alright

{Chorus}

Verse 4 {Jamal}

13 on April 26 of 1992
But to my family its just another day another week
Jamal fuck you
Its the same shit different day so i just leave and go get
? from the neighbors if i can i shoot some hoop with my niggas on the corner
And ask them who they think the next goner's gonna be
Me or some markhead nigga around the way
Cuz they ? like they shit dont stink
I knew much better when i was a kid i stayed on the DL
But still i always heard people scream Jamal when shit went down
It's like when shit went down i was the number one suspect
It wasn't because of me it was because of my uncle Trevor
Never lived a normal everyday kid's life
Instead of after school activities I'm on the corner shootin dice at night
If you ain't from around don't come around
Because you won't leave with a smile you'll leave with a frown
On your face as you hear the words of a nine millimeter
Back in the days when i was a teenager