[Verse 1:]
Why don't you break down the weed
Roll up the chronic, that sticky bionic, let me inhale and breathe it
I need that cat piss, blueberry, that purple and that lemonade
Mix it together with a sprinkle of purple haze
Blunt wraps, swishers, sweet felees, and garcias, zig zags for all my niggers who really need it
This is for my niggers 24-7 who stay with it, who smoking and put in brown leaves, and then...
Oooh weee, thats how it is to be FUCKED UP, with your family and friends
I puff a blunt to the end of the roach, i roll another one and continue to smoke
I came through with the killers you know how I was
I hit it and felt the tingle and baby cough up a lung
Yeahh I'm buzzed, me and my homies, come smoke with me, roll it for me
Roll a stencil like a schoolyard pencil, just relax homie the feeling gone hit you
Your eyes are red, your laughin like a mofucka, took another hit and now your gaspin like a mofucka
Two hits and PASS! Two hits and PASS!
And now the blunt is all nast!
Can I, smoke with you? Can I, smoke with you?
Can we live it up real big and do what we do
I got the hash, to lace the blunt. I got that good good
Knowing what we all smokin throughout the hood hood
Just to give me that extra push, and it ain't nothin to compare to that crystal kush
I don't smoke no sacks I smoke pounds. Roll it up, homie put that little shit down
I come through covers, just to make you wonder
With a cloud of smoke; Give me your lighter motherfuckers

[Chorus:]
And we gone, Blaze up tha weed so we can get High
And we gone, blaze up tha weed, so we can get high
I say I promise to smoke chronic till the day that I die
I say I promise to smoke chronic till the day that I die
Hey, blaze up tha weed so we can get high
And we gone, blaze up tha weed, so we can get high
I say promise to smoke chronic till the day that I die
I say I promise to smoke chronic till the day that I die

[Verse 2:]
My homies ran outta bomb, so they callin' on that weedman
Capman what you got? Homie tell me what you need man
Weigh it up, 28 grams times 16! Now they smoking again
Fuck selling hash, I rather sell hoes, and I'd rather sell sacks to make my money flow flow
148 grams and a motherfucking pen
You got what you need nigga so put it in my hand
I said you bad bitch wanna fuck for a sack
Get my homie love bitch so you don't get short sacks
Whatever it is my clientelle goin to smoke that
If you want some weed then you know where the chokes at
Why don't you, cough, cough, cough, cough
You weak ass niggers, your lungs too soft
I got a half pound of personal, I smoke what I want
It seems you niggers smoke sacks, and I smoke skunk
Pew!
Yeah you know how it smells
Another flavor I can add onto my clientelle
I done smoke these swishers, hemp in Amsterdam, Germany, Canada, and my homies in Japan
Yeah, i love to get High
So e-mail that nigga Daz, and I'll stop by
Yeah, you wanna light it up and blaze up tha weed
I wanna smoke with you, you wanna smoke with me

[Chorus:]
And we gone, Blaze up tha weed so we can get High
And we gone, blaze up tha weed, so we can get high
I say I promise to smoke chronic till the day that I die
I say I promise to smoke chronic till the day that I die
Hey, blaze up tha weed so we can get high
And we gone, blaze up tha weed, so we can get high
I say promise to smoke chronic till the day that I die
I say I promise to smoke chronic till the day that I die
Smoke Smoke Smoke (8x)