[Intro: Daz talking]
Back in your ass with a twenty sack. Straight up, Dogg Pound Gangstas in
Effect for the 9-5 y'know?
We been havin a little confrontation with a lot Of motherfuckers out there and, but y'know they just can't do the thangs That we seem to do
And the things that we seem to do is make platinum Hits!
Straight up,motherfuckers can't even fade me

[Verse 1: Dat Nigga Daz]
N-N-Now who the hell wanna face me?
To make me act a complete fool lately
It's been cool, my mentality plus dope helps me cope
With no smoke, I'm depressed and easily to provoke
..45's and Nines I'm heated, me and Kurupt puffin on a Berry all day
Repeatedly and immediately in the days we stoned and phased
In the back of the truck lies a gauge for any buster Acting brave
Maybe I can see what no other rapper will assault
With my skills to murder em all
And can't be friendly when you know I'm after ya
Got the heart to blast at'cha, matter-of-fact
To capture those who don't belong be on the strong
Gots to pack up and jet, booty rappers don't have long
Now can I get a witness? My riches attract women wit' class
That nigga Daz is about to mash all over for da cash
Blast than dash, me in the getaway car now
Known rap stars turn to outlaws, wanted for the murder
The motive of death is fuck y'all
Dogg Pound Gangsta click I represent Dogg Pound to the fullest cos I'm

[Chorus: Snoop Doggy Dogg]
Cyco-lic-no-bitch-azz-niggas
So when you see the D-O-double G, sleep creep low
I see through you but you can't see me
I see through you oh so clearly
Cyco-lic-no-bitch-azz-niggas
So when you see the D-O-double G, sleep creep low

[Verse 2: Kurupt]
N-N-Now ya escapade and ya gettin brave'n masqueradin
Around town like ya paid, so where's the stack?
Attract the wrong eyes to the Buick out back
Now I'm a dump until I feel I made ya lungs collapse
The assembly for dismemberin when I'm strapped
Off Hennessey I blast that ass to Tennessee and back
Who's that? I'm hopin I'm about to bust this fool's back open
I'm laid back scopin, but don't open
The three main ingredients to the plot:
Some weed; my nigga D-A-Z; and some heat cocked
I just concoct the schemes, the perfect team
We take gettin paid to the extreme, it seems that I'm a
Bring a little more than the drama
Come dash, two litres and Daz down to mash cos I'mma

[Chorus: Snoop Doggy Dogg]
Cyco-lic-no-bitch-azz-niggas
So when you see the D-O-double G, sleep creep low
I see through you but you can't see me
I see through you oh so clearly
Cyco-lic-no-bitch-azz-niggas
So when you see the D-O-double G, sleep creep low

[Verse 3: Mr. Malik]
Now that I open my eyes to no surprise to these imitations
But I keep my mind disguised when in elevation
No hesitation, the ground beneath my croc-a-sacs
(?Rib behind my back and then I bring ya blue?)
Bring the blacks straps front-to-back
So what you want with that?
It comes with a ticket for you till they stone flat
Hoes say that: "I like your cyco-azz, trigger fast nigga
So when I see you rub my head to flow that's how the shit go"
Shit hit the fan goddamn, kill or be killed, it never phase me
Topics flow on regular cos topic happen daily
Now what amaze me? Was poppin on down my hat
And now I come strapped with some of these thunder raps
Like this, uncut then I get uncocked
I (?paralese?) for some reason that keeps gettin a lot
Now put this on some of that and put that to a stop
But you can put that on me
Because I sold the ki to the beef
And as you can see never early, ya late, collaborate professional need
Now peep....as I drop bombs on ya Moms like songs
When I'm rainin no pain, no gain when I'm maintainin
This lyrical explosion and my nigga Daz on react
With this track got'cha open, poetical graffiti
Hershey gotta pound for ya town and delete to the needy
Lyrics to test drugs like P-C-P
And I ain't lie till I die D-P-G-C and I stay

[Chorus: Snoop Doggy Dogg]
Cyco-lic-no-bitch-azz-niggas
So when you see the D-O-double G, sleep creep low
I see through you but you can't see me
I see through you oh so clearly
Cyco-lic-no-bitch-azz-niggas
So when you see the D-O-double G, sleep creep low
I see through you but you can't see me
I see through you oh so clearly
Cyco-lic-no-bitch-azz-niggas
So when you see the D-O-double G, sleep creep low

(Snoop Doggy Dogg)
You murderer, you murderer

[Chorus]

Murderer, Murderer
You Murderer, You murderer

[Outro: Daz]
That's what I'm sayin y'know? Still puttin it down like we suppose to
EveryDay, all day, it don't stop and it don't quit
So pack up your shh and bail out or die. Ha Ha!

(Gunshots, followed by people screaming)
"Alright everybody, this is a fuckin raid
Anybody try to leave, I pump one in ya ass."