[Intro: Daz Dillinger]
Yeah, Death Row
Dogg Pound, Snoop Dogg
Right back in they ass with the remix
Like that! We gotta hit 'em hard
And we gonna hit them like this
Pure gangsta shit
Modefied, Purefied, nigga
Check it out

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg]
With so much drama in the L-B-C
It's kinda hard being Snoop D-O-double-G
But I - somehow, some way
Keep coming up with funky ass shit like every single day
May I, kick a little something for the G's? (yeah)
And make a few ends as (yeah!) I breeze through
2 in the morning and the party's still jumping
Cause my momma ain't home
I got bitches in the living room getting it on
And they ain't leaving til 6 in the morning
So what you wanna do? Sheeeit
I got a pocket full of rubbers and my homeboys do too
So turn off the lights and close the doors
But (but what) we don't love them hoes, yea
So we gonna smoke a ounce to this
G's up, hoes down, while you motherfuckas bounce to this

[Hook]
Just rollin'! (I'm on a mission on the grind)
Just rollin'! (Homies get cought up, doin' time)
Just rollin'! (What?) (laid back)
Just rollin'! (with my mind on my money and my money on my mind)
Just rollin'! (I'm on a mission on the grind)
Just rollin'! (Can't get cought up and do time)
Just rollin'! (Laid back)
Just rollin'! (with my mind on my money and my money on my mind)

[Verse 2: Snoop Dogg]
Now that I got me some Seagram's gin
Everybody got they cups, but they ain't chipped in
Now this type of shit happens all the time
You got to get yours but fool I gotta get mine
Everything is fine when you listening to the D-O-G
I got the cultivating music that be captivating he
Who listens to the words that I speak
As I take me a drink to the middle of the street
And get to mackin' to this bitch named Sadie (Sadie?)
She used to be the homeboy's lady (Oh, that bitch)
80 degrees, when I tell that bitch please
Raise up off these N-U-T's, cause you gets none of these, at ease
As I mob with the Dogg Pound, feel the breeze
Beyotch I'm just

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg]
Later on that day
My homey Dr. Dre came through with a gang of Tanqueray
And a fat ass J of some bubonic chronic that made me choke
Shit, this ain't no joke
I had to back up off of it and sit my cup down
Tanqueray and chronic: yeah I'm fucked up now
But it ain't no stopping, I'm still popping
Dre got some bitches from the city of Compton
To serve me; not with a cherry on top
Cause when I bust my nut I'm raising up off the cot
Don't get upset, girl, that's just how it goes
I don't love you hoes, I'm out the door
And I'll be

[Hook]

[Ol' G Henny Loc]
Yo, again!
Back up in this muthafucka is Ol' G Henny Loc (what up?)
Tellin' you what's really goin' on, (check)
With the big (check) baby of 'em all, Snoop Doggy Dogg (show ya right)
Back up in ya muthafuckas
Flipp floppin' hoes like ?Fab Jacks?
What many fuckas remain to be, clockin' them dollas
So recognize game as the D-O-double-G, dips with the Gin & Juice
Ya trick ass, bitches!! (ha ha)

[Daz Dillinger]
Yeah, just bounce to this
Snoop ounce to this
All my homies just bounce to this
Eastside just bounce to this
Westside, bounce to this
Nothside, bounce to this
Southside, bounce to this
Japan, bounce to this
U.K., bounce to this
Niggas from Aklohoma, bounce to this
Niggas from Texas, bounce to this
Niggas in Atlanta, bounce to this
Niggas in New York, bounce to this
Niggas in New York they bounce to this
Niggas in New York they bounce to this, check!