[Intro: Dr. Dre]
I know you're bobbin' your head, 'cause I can see ya
Huh, yeah...
I know you're bobbin' your head, 'cause I can see ya
Uh, yeah...
I know you're bobbin' your head, 'cause I can see ya
Huh, yeah...
I know you're bobbin' your head, 'cause I can see ya
Huh, you can't see me, huh
Back up in that ass once again
With some of Dat Nigga Daz shit
Beatin' up on your ear drums with some of that G-Funk
Some of that gangsta funk
Some of that ghetto funk
Call it what you want, just don't forget the G
Got the motherfuckin' Dogg Pound in the house

[Verse 1]
[Daz (Kurupt)]
Now tell me what's poppin' in your head my brother
(What you wanna do, end up dead, motherfucker?)
I don't know why we got to kill each other
('Cause on the streets it's do or die, motherfucker)
Now as a child I was raised in the church
Now whatever possessed me to do the shit that I do to put you in the dirt
I gives a fuck about a nigga on the streets
I'm runnin' '94 and I done ran '93, unlike no hurdle
For the murders I committed in my homie '4 convertible
And not a soul saw who did it
As I lean to the side in my homie G-Ride
On a mission, four deep, Dogg Pound do or die

[Kurupt (Daz)]
Now if you see me mobbin' down the streets, what would you think? (not)
Realizing that I'm surviving off instinct
What makes my mind click to perfect timing
For me to twist shit, switch and rip shit the fuck up like The Shining
'Cause I'm in my own zone, alone I'm found
You think you saw but death is all around like a ghost town
Perhaps you, know I acts a fool if I have to
Can you comprehend or adapt to...

[Chorus: Prince Ital]
Respect to the Death Row Inmates
Death Row Inmates lawd dem never hesitate
To bust a gun shot, in a i-diot face
Dis is Dogg Pound and your life goes to waste

Free Dogg Pound territory
Dat Nigga Daz put you inna di cemetery
Snoop Dogg, di criminal mentality
Fuck wit Dirty Kurupt and yuh dead each way
(D-P-G....Dogg Pound Gangstaz)
Lawd

[Verse 2]
[Kurupt]
Now wit Dat Nigga Daz, everywhere I roll I'm set to blast
The way to success is elevating too fast
Every corner that I turn, there's money to burn
With no concern, count the amount, there's more to be earned
Set-trip, the word I hear every nigga spit
Sixty percent's trippin', forty percent's bullshittin'
Industry's shady, my safety's in jeopardy
Controlling minds like mental telepathy, niggas
Shady as fuck, Kurupt can see it in your eyes
Anticipatin for the real to come from the disguise
Tha Pound, we roll thick like one-time
And I could fuck your bitch after I bust just one rhyme
All we do is smoke weed and get blitzed
And kick that motherfuckin' gangsta shit
(Say what, say what, say what, say what, say what?)
Kick that motherfuckin' gangsta shit

[Daz]
Well, I see myself on top, by the age of 22, or will I drop?
A fallen star that has been forgotten not
In the past, I mainly hustled for the cash
Surprised to see Dat Nigga rise up on that ass
Anybody killa, do or die if I have to
On deck, 24/7 and blastin' if I have to
I live my life by the sword according to the law
Before I stopped to wonder why the journey's so far
From the danger that lurks, from the one that's out doin' dirt
Step to mine and find yourself vanish away from this Earth
Beyond the heartbreaks and heartaches, rest in peace
Ride or die, death is unexplainable when you die

[Outro: Prince Ital]
We don't got to stoop low
We don't got to stoop low
We don't got to stoop to your level
But when they see we coming lawd
Now when they see we coming lawd
Now when they see we coming lawd they tremble
Cause we a rebel, terror from a well fractured gun
And you know we keep it real to make your life invisible
So don't fuck, you betta be respectable
The nine millimeter, is really dreadable
Wicked an wild yes you're wicked an wild
Prince Ital Joe yes you're well versatile
Is it Dogg Pound yes you're well versatile
Dey form de picture of the gangsta styler
An wild yes you're wicked an wild, Dogg Pound
An wild yes you're wicked an wild
Is it Death Row yes you're well versatile
Yes, gangsta drop make the gangsta smile
De sexy girls dey love de Doggystyle
An wild, yes you're wicked an wild
An wild... hahaha.. eazy!
Dogg Pound, run tings, y'know, yeah
Cause we no respect no guys
Cause guys take orders an shit
We no take orders, we give orders
Respect to the crew
Nigga Daz mi breddern dirty Kurupt
EAZY! Yeah
West coast, everytime, everytime, big-up!
To the Death Row posse
Lawd!
Nuff respect
Just quote, de faggot come here wit de violence
Death Row are gon make you dead and silence
Well dem fraid to try, when afraid of no person an
No faggot come here actin like dis
Oh lawd, oh lawd, hahaha
Yes star Ital, you're large
Big up Daz an de crew
Snoop Dogg, big up, everytime
EAZY!
Dr. Dre an de posee
Yeah