Frank151 ft. Shillz da Realz - “Shillz da Realz Freestyle (Frank151: That Grown Man)”
[Produced by Daz Dillinger and Dr. Dre (Original Instrumental from Snoop Doggy Dogg ft. Kurupt, Daz Dillinger, and RBX - "Serial Killa")]

[Verse 1: Shillz da Realz]
Powerful gats heat-seeks to follow you cats
Hop out and let them hollows react.  I’m in a party
Where the models is at.  VIP where them bottles
Is at.  Caught work from Ronaldo and black
Copped shirts, Ferragamo from Saks.  Got to hurt ‘em
With the goggles to match.  Trying to stay away from homo or rats
TNT rush, we swallow them jacks
Guccied up in front the Apollo from shoes to hat
So I Christian Diored my whore, got her the whole store
Next week, we be back for the mall
Show our balls like Lew Alcindor.  The trey-pound make you
A few pounds thinner.  Move the round killer
Moved a few pounds in towns around dealers
Gats with surround-sounds surround niggas
Now how you gonna get around that?  Get down, nigga
Or get your body found somewhere down in a river

[Hook: Shillz da Realz]
Yo, if you pussy, don’t say you nothing
If you real, nigga, say something.  Stop fronting
Come on.  If you pussy, don’t say you nothing
If you real, nigga, say something.  Stop fronting
Come on

[Verse 2: Shillz da Realz]
Bring you Cogn’, cupholder Grey Poupon
Battle you and that dude that put you on
Jars of dro, sixteen bars to blow
Cousin, no steering wheel—all you do is say, “Go”
Asshole, people on stuck, past slow
Came home with no tea with your last O
Oh no.  Wondering why your dope slow
Money looking funny like Martin, coming up
Short like Arnold.  Faggot, I warned you it’s
Shillz da Realz Esquire.  I’m off the wire
Too hot—matter fact, I’m on fire
Trying to build The Empire.  Niggas could Strike Back
Straight-laid pinstriped gats.  Who want to fight that?
It’s love.  Hands like MJ’s glove
Look how it glitter when I’m holding that gun.  Ransom note
Now I’m holding your son.  It’s not over ‘til I told you it’s done

[Hook: Shillz da Realz]
If you pussy, don’t say you nothing
If you real, nigga, say something.  Stop fronting
Come on.  If you pussy, don’t say you nothing
If you real, nigga, say something.  Stop fronting
Come on