[Intro:]
"Yo?"
"What's up?"
"Ay what's up nigga?"
"Guess what nigga?"
"What?"
"I done found them niggas."
"You done found 'em?"
"Fa sho."
"No shit?"
"And guess where they at?"
"Where they at?"
"In yo hood."
"Oh it's on."
"Nigga you need to get down here now."
"I'm on my way."

What? They done shot yo baby momma, what?!
Aw, shhh
Ah man, oh no it's gonna be (??) these niggas up man
Real ballsy shit
Yo, real ballsy partner
I ain't got nothin' else to live for man
What else is there to be for?
These niggas want war or somethin'?
You strapped? Come on, let's get these fools!

[Daz Dillinger]
I'm rollin through the streets, me and my homeboys watered out
See me with it on everything, that's what we talkin 'bout
Plottin, jackin, murder, robberies we specialize in that
We'll make our pockets fat, weed, pistols and crack
As a gangster livin it up, growin up in a scandlous town
Automatic weapons wanna spray the town, lay the gang down
Hangin out bangin all around, smackin fools in they mouth no doubt
Showin these fools what we all about
Big clout and money, that's what we all about
You see we die for this color, money, respect and honor
Serious about this game, kill for pennies and dollars
I'm crucial and brutal to those that test
Wanna be a G, represent the set
See this ain't nothin new homeboy, see we aim't got stupid yet
See we the finest of the finest and the bossest and bossest
Doin what we do, major clout and so we flossin
Get the fuck out the way, cuz here we come homeboy
And my niggas don't play
TQ

[TQ]
I'm up at mom's house taped up
Three months rehabilitatin finally got my weight back up
She told me "I'm gonna pray to God that you'll be alright"
That's my only mamma nigga, she knows what's on my mind
You shot my girlfriend when she was three months
There went my children, found out it was more than one
You've got me limpin and I can't move as fast
But I swear on baby grave that I'm a get that ass
What about my little sister, she used to get good grades
But now she's paranoid, going to school with a 38
Now how much of this do you think I'm gonna take?
Nigga I'm comin back

[Hook]
All I'm sayin is you better not go to sleep
I'm comin to get you nigga, you made too big a mess
I'm comin back
And you better be watchin everyone you meet
Might not be the one who stick ya
It could be one of your friends
I'm comin back
I won't lay down before you do, that's on me
I'm tellin you fuck what you been thinkin
I'm comin back
All I'm sayin is you better not go to sleep
I might be waitin to get ya
I'm comin back

[TQ]
Friday night again and I got a new Benz
Bust a left on 120th, I see you slippin
This nigga's in my hood, tell me how can this be?
Gotta thank the Lord for sendin this blessin down to me
I get my Glock ready, Beenie can't shoot this time
Cuz I been feelin and dreamin, this motherfucker's mine
I let my heat fly, I see him fallin down
And all I'm hearin is kaplaw kaplaw plaw plaw
After the smoke clears, I hear a baby screamin
I'm tryin to figure out, but all I see is demons
Father forgive me if I hurt this child, let me die tonight
Walked up to the Beamer, see the kid's alright
I hand him to his cryin mama, tell her turn away
Somebody punched up daddy number and it's Judgement Day
For anybody askin questions, you didn't even see my face
I'm comin back

[Hook]

[Kurupt]
Yeah, this for all y'all bitch ass niggas
If you gonna blast, then blast
If you gon think, think fast
I'm movin emotion, a double dosage of dolja
Give (??) a nigga ride his ride, slip slide
Dash, slide slash cop, fuck aimin blast
Blast dash, dash stash, that's for Daz
TQ what the fuck they really wan do?
Like they don't know a thing about me and you
Don't trip, don't act a ass, don't do shit unless you down to blast
G dog rollin with pounds of hash
Forty cal colt in the back a stash
Never go to sleep, better not tweak
Punk what the fuck, TQ Kurupt, mash and dash
Two hits and pass, first to last
Bound to bounce, I'm a round em up then I'm a round em out
I'm a blaze an ounce, I'm a blaze a stick
I'm a hit em with some gangsta shit
Cigarettes then joints dip
Fears pierce and shit when the AK spit
Gangstas

[Hook] X 2

Gangstas, TQ, Dogg Pound
No bitches allowed