[Intro: Daz Dillinger]
Yeah, back up in yo ass with a twenty sack
Don't wanna fuck with me
(Dogg Pound gangstaz)
We do it like that
Motherfuckers out there be like, takin' our styles
Be trying to do they own little dissing
But they can't do it, you know, so we gonna, do it like this
Sit back relax and get a cool one

[Verse 1: Kurupt]
Have you ever heard of a slaughter? I oughta start dippin'
Sippin' on that S T get's me to trippin'
I don't slips, I bangs with that mad ass Dogg Pound gang
It's a DPG thang, Kurupt from the S.C
You wanna test me, let's see if you'll survive .45 times
Like a hollow point headed for your dome
Take a couple of steps, turn around and it's on
Couldn't withstand the murderous mental
I subdue and then take two to your temple
When I cause holocoust from what's spittin'
Niggas collapse and when the straps is clickin'
Look, this is how it's done nigga
(One, two, three)
I grab my strap, you best run nigga
I gives a fuck, Kurupt's the kingpin of the clique
Littlest G, with the biggest dick

[Verse 2: Daz Dillinger]
Shit, a motherfucker betta recognize
With a twist of my wrist like O.J. you all die
I snack on motherfuckers like a bone
Known to be the shit upon the microphone
Ever since I was born, not to ever love a bitch
Learned game after game, that's why we are the best
Motherfuckers be gankin' styles minute after minute
But soon as you did it I smelled the niggas shitted

[Chorus: Tha Dogg Pound ]
Now what would you do?
If you could fuck with me and my crew
But you can't, so don't even think about
Steppin' in the motherfuckin' house
Now what would you do?
If you could fuck with me and my crew
But you can't, so don't even think about
Steppin' in the motherfuckin' house

[Verse 3: Daz Dillinger]
Bitches butterfly all day, while I steady make my pay
Every single day in the LBC
Cruisin' through the East side, me and Lil' Style
When I back up a green six-fo' bustin' free styles

[Verse 4: Kurupt]
There's no escape, give me the papes and the tape case
How much money can a nigga make in one place?
The review, ain't shit new
You stupid motherfuckers can't fuck wit' my crew

[Verse 5: Daz Dillinger]
I see all these niggas tryin' to get with my kin folk
Get so many busters on the West Coast and then to say the least
I see a few trick ass niggas layin' low on the East Coast
And the question is asked
Do you wanna rap, scrap or blast to that nigga Daz?
I'll be the first one to hit 'em
Oh yeah, fuck B.G. Knockout and every nigga down with him
Cause I'm a natural born killer
And I steal a half, motherfucker cause it's like that

[Bridge: Tha Dogg Pound]
Now what would you do?
If you could fuck with me and my crew

[Verse 6: Kurupt]
There's so many motherfuckers that I can include
Whose quick to blast motherfuckers in a feud
It doesn't make a difference cause it's about
Who's the quickest on the draw to end all existence
For instance, let's take these Ruthless fools
These Ruthless fools and the Pound in one room
Assume, it's only for conversation, so let's
Conversate slip a nigga the .38 then dip
Empty out the clip
Mind on set-trip, cause niggas talk shit

[Verse 7: Daz Dillinger]
Now if, a nigga had a prayer before a nigga died
Would the nigga be dead or would he stay alive?
And if I was in your shoes, would I survive?
Probably not, you'd probably let your Glock go pop
Now drop, to your knees
And picture Dat Nigga Daz flowin' in the breeze
(Flowin')

[Chorus: Tha Dogg Pound ]
Now what would you do?
If you could fuck with me and my crew
But you can't, so don't even think about
Steppin' in the motherfuckin' house
Now what would you do?
If you could fuck with me and my crew
But you can't, so don't even think about
Steppin' in the motherfuckin' house

[Outro: Daz Dillinger & Jewell]
From the twitch of the eyes
You can see the line, just know it when you see it
Cause it messes up the flow to the real fillings you know
And I'd rather be sipping on a glass of wine
Can you feel yourself in the room with Everlast
Trying to steal a flow, I don't think so
Cock-blockers come with their hearts beating jealousy
In the way like a stray dog
Trying to climb, every bitch on his arm
Cock-blockers, come in every color
Even blue, yeah this is true
Trying to fuck your woman and even you
Now what the fuck would you do, motherfucker?

[Chorus]
What would you do? Mmm
What would you do? What would you do?
What would you do?
If you could get with me and my crew
The weak ones stick and move
What would you do if you could get with my crew?
Why don't you tell me what?
(Tell me what you would do if you could get with my crew)
The weak ones stick and move
What would you do if you could get with my crew?
Me and my crew, with me and my crew
What would you do? What would you do?
What would you do, if you could get with my crew?

(What would you, what would you do
If you could get with the Dogg Pound?
What would you do?
Would you get caught with your pants down?) x3