[Intro: LL Cool J & Action Bronson]
La musica de Harry Fraud
Queens
Better slow down baby
One two, one two
Uh, better slow down baby
Just pulled up to the club on your mother's back

[Hook: Action Bronson]
You need to slow down baby
My whole team cash and load out baby
I’m a hero in my hometown, baby
Stop talking, just go down, baby

[Interlude: LL Cool J]
Ayo, Action
It ain't no fun if the G.O.A.T. don't get none!

[Verse 1: LL Cool J]
The ripper, the master, charismatic bastard
Game is strange like blondes Ramadan fasting
Indoor pool look like Uncle Luke's casting
Never too old to fly a fake bubble ass in
Peep the rhetoric, nobody can better it
None of y'all confederates, I'm daddy, you're a surrogate
Murder these mics, boy, felon after the predicate
Fuck what you heard, baby, that shit's all irrelevant
Third as fly or half as intelligent
Step on that horseshit like Hannibal's elephants
Watered-down garbage ass rappers prevalent
All I wanna know is how the fuck y'all sellin' it?
Ahahahaha!

[Hook: Action Bronson]
You need to slow down baby (slow down)
My whole team cash and load out baby (no!)
I’m a hero in my hometown, baby (Flushing!)
Stop talking, just go down, baby

[Verse 2: Action Bronson]
In front of Queens Center Mall, leg up on the sweatpants
Same outfit every country that the jet lands
Jetlagged, just left France
Stuff a motherfucker face into a bedpan
Shimmy in the GMC Jimmy
So I can make assists like Mike Bibby
Nice titties on a dyke that like swimming
Smokin' drugs, rollin' dice, and white linen
89 Testarossa, will I fit in?
The Jeep's so big make you wanna take a shit in it
Your bitch been in it
Treated her mouth like I was primitive
I talk shit cause I'm livin' it
It's me!

[Hook: Action Bronson & Lloyd Banks]
You need to slow down baby (slow down, baby)
My whole team cashin' lowdown baby
I’m a hero in my hometown, baby (hometown, baby)
Stop talking, just go down, baby

[Verse 3: Lloyd Banks]
Uh! I'm a mac, she gon' hook a nigga up on the expressway
That neck play, thousand diamonds in my x-ray
Light the park like when the Mets play
Clean as a fuck, we make a mess, hey, I'm beamin' on up
Twenty bucks, twenty women, spend my evenin' on stuck
I get em out on clockwork, hit my sleeve with the cuff
They know what's up
Young, black, and hungry in the presidential
A hundred somethin' dimes, white 11 special
Takin' a moment while you're roamin'
I set the trap, set back, watch my cologne win
Designer logo on my uni while I'm rollin'
Crowded pockets in her Louis bag are Trojans
Banks!

[Hook: Action Bronson]
You need to slow down baby
My whole team cashin' low-down, baby
I’m a hero in my hometown, baby
Stop talking, just go down, baby

[Outro: Action Bronson & LL Cool J]
You need to slow down baby
I'm out here, but don't ever fuckin' get it twisted
I’m a hero in my hometown, baby
We on the strip, Friday night, it's lookin' like the award show
You need to slow down baby
Catch me with my bitch, hair color hot sauce
I’m a hero in my hometown, baby
Oh, man, look who just fuckin' pulled up! (What up?)
It's me