[Pre-Hook: Dr. Dre] x2
I got my mind made up, come on; get in, get into it
Let it ride, tonight's the night, yeah

[Verse 1: LL Cool J]
Uh, you know you a freak
Before the album went platinum, ya hardly speak
And now you're skin grinnin, gassed off the chrome rims and
Twenty room mansion, I rest my Timb's in
Uhh, I feel it how ya shake it
Rings in ya belly, I can't take it
Toss up your Moët, money make it
Last week frontin, tonight butt naked
I got the flava, make em Zoom-a-zoom
The LL Cool J, give me room
Looked up in my eyes as I lowered the boom
Twenty thousand freaks packed up in one room, uhh

[Hook: Dr. Dre] x2
All I wanna do, is Zoom-a-Zoom Zoom Zoom
(Mmmm, whatchu wanna do) Uhh, whatchu wanna do?

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre]
Once again it's on, can't be home
The crime got me in the zone; homies blowin up the celly phone
The world knew I had to come once mo'
And just to let y'all know, I do my thing and still blow
Nuff to burn ten mill' cells, confirmed
The most anticipated since Tyson's return
So come on everybody let's all get down
(LL Cool J: Cause what we have, is a brand new sound)

[LL Cool J]
All the mommies in the house gettin live tonight
They wanna (Zoom Zoom Zoom, Zoom Zoom-Zoom)
And all my dogs feel the vibe tonight
They wanna (Zoom Zoom Zoom, Zoom Zoom-Zoom)
Say what?

[Hook]

[Dre] All I wanna do, is Zoom-a-Zoom Zoom Zoom
[LL] Dre, whatchu wanna do?
[Dre] Mr. Smith, it's on you, uh

[Verse 3: LL Cool J]
In other words, it's gon' be like that
You young boys is blind, I'm seein them cats
Evolutionary (what?) Revolutionary and legendary
I got a climax waiting for each and every cherry
I'm like a narcotic, niggas is microscopic
Dr. Dre and Cool J, is the topic
Forever, my lyrics is rough and energetic
Them cats is blazin? I don't get it, they cosmetic
If shorty wanna step up? I'll twist his neck up
You can't get no money battling me; that's like ripping your check up
What partna? Take ten paces and turn around
That quick, yo' whole ghost town is burnin' down (Woooof!)
What I spit, manipulates whole clicks
Make 'em conversate on how real niggas ride my dick
It's like a serum, I just can't hear 'em
All them new niggas poppin' new shit, I never fear 'em

As we proceed
To give you what you need
Satisfaction guaranteed
Work and die
(Yeah, yeah)

[Pre-Hook] x3