[Intro]
I rode in on a Ruby Yacht, that's the Ark of Bones
Rode in on a Ruby Yacht, that's the Ark of Bones
Rode in on a... Um...

[Verse 1]
In the Palace of the Peacock, eating the kingdom of God
You were too busy talkin when that snake said "love is choosing"
That missus is very cordial, those kisses are territorial
It's October so I'm reading Nabokov again
I mark the book with an olive-colored pen
In that nest of complex questions and unapologizing brutalities
Freedom is its own kind of salary
Even the people who made me are constant in unraveling
The disappointment when you learn the trophy was a photograph
Remember that?
They say this is the last happiness, and they blink
I refuse to learn their names (and they blink)

[Chorus 1]
You shouldn't be next to me with that finicky energy
You shouldn't be next to me with that finicky energy
You shouldn't be next to me with that finicky energy
You shouldn't be next to me

[Verse 2]
And the cowards with their knocking fucking knees
They can't even keep a quarter beat
I know there's packet loss and latencies (I know what lag is...)
Nonetheless... (I know what lag is...)
It's the unimpressed alchemist, I pity who doubting this
In your city with a double-breasted falcon-crested
Chest platemail tunic, in this society of spectacle
It's the shoe bomber who's waltzing through
It's a kind of hopelessness, a loneliness
A color I only ever heard played by a nigga named Thelonious
I spend experience points on knowledge, cunning, and stealth
Spit a diaphanous gossamer and then he signed it in calligraphy
Sincerely, just another blasphemous philosopher
Quick question (quick question):
Why's your favorite rapper always bragging 'bout her business acumen?
Like we asked em? Like we asked em?
Why's your favorite rapper always babbling about his brand again?
Like we asked him? Like we asked him?

[Chorus 2]
This the last call for those real emcees, you know
This the last call for those real emcees, I said
This the last call for those real emcees
Your voice is needed (Your voice is needed)
This the last call (What?)
This the last call (What?)

[Bridge]
I rode in on a Ruby Yacht, next to Ark of...
Hmm... Bones
Peace to DJ Nobody
Peace to the Ruby Yacht
Hmm... What they say?

[Outro]
They said, Godspeed with that black ennui
Guess I'll keep rapping til they toetag me
They said, Godspeed with that black ennui
Guess I'll keep rapping til they toetag me
They said, Godspeed with that black ennui
Guess I'll keep rapping til they toetag me
They said, Godspeed you black emperor
They said, Godspeed you black emperor