[Verse 1: Milo]
Today I joined a top-secret nerdy forum
After introductions, I uploaded my room's decorum
I've spent hours trying to find the right GIF of Darth Vader
One of these days, they'll make me message board moderator!
I bring the colour to these eggheads like Hollandaise
Catch me on my PC on all major holidays
I have absolutely no interest in lifting weights
I need to focus on these Neopets sweepstakes
I'm in class nodding off from all the blabbering
Wishing I had more time for Magic: The Gathering
Linked them to the album; I wonder if they'll play my songs
All CaptainCookie responded with was a face palm
I enter the subtopic “Sun, moon, and stars”
Now we're debating the merits of Jean-Luc Picard
I've seen commercials about Keeping Up with the Kardashians
My internet friends talk about vanquishing Cardassians
Optimus writes: “Vulcans seem like weirdos.”
In my bio, I listed Tolkien as my hero
A girl from GorgeousGamers says I look like a cutie
Anxiously I respond, tongue-and-cheek, “Who, me?”
This the first place I ever felt like I fit in
I tell my parents and they ask me, “Am I kidding?”
Naw, I'm not kidding

[Hook: Nicholas J.]
When those girls wouldn't show me affection
I'd upload a song, get worldwide attention
When my peers weren't treating me correctly
I'd just log on where I got people who respect me
When I felt I didn't have any friends, right
I'd find myself on a website feeling right at home
Milo, I feel at home
I feel at home

[Verse 2: Nicolas J.]
Check it, I love the interweb
I use the tool often
My social-networking game stalking like a boss man
On a mission to find like-minds like mine
I used to get into the gaming zone at night time
Runescape, teleport from Varrock to Falador
Used to play Wizard 101 with my pal Ror
I should've been catching up on my astronomy
This must be an anomaly: the kids on here are fond of me!
Yahoo! answers: Fearless2def was the alias
Saw Bender's Game change the Titanius Anglesmith
I stay clever with my web work
Fresh with the text, I could plan every letter
Yeah, I heard word through the blogosphere that we're all weird
And we love it here
I heard word through the blogosphere that we're all weird
And we love it

[Hook: Nicholas J.]

[Verse 3: Milo]
I'm playing fantasy-themed video games and shouting out
“Thug life!”
That might seem logically inconsistent, but I think it's pretty alright
Today my mother asked me why I don't have any school friends
I asked if that meant you wanted me to hang out with fools then
Lately I've taken up editing Wikipedia pages
In the Fox News entry, I said the media's trying to enslave us
That might be untrue, but Immortal Technique rapped it
Does anyone have a spec sheet on Fable III's graphics?
I listen to rap songs about bags of grams
And hope for Christmas I get a few gigs of RAM
Today on the message boards I was voted Most Popular
The kids at school said my glasses looked like binoculars
The duality of this life is similar to Batman and Bruce Wayne
But I don't think he was cashing in on Photobooth fame
The other night I broke down in the TeamSpeak server
Cause the girl I've loved since third grade called me a pervert

[Hook: Milo]