[Ludwig Wittgenstein]

A dog cannot lie, neither can he be sincere
A dog may be expecting his master to come
Why can't he be expecting him to come next Wednesday?
Is it because he doesn't have language?
If a lion could speak, we would not be able to understand what he said
Why do I say such a thing?

[Students]

"If we could understand him, I shouldn't think we'd have too much trouble with a lion.."
"We could get an interpreter."

[Wittgenstein]

Do you mean for me or for the lion?
Yes, yes, w-we could get an interpreter
What possible use could that be?
To imagine a language is to imagine a form of life
It's what we do and who we are that gives meaning to our words
I can't understand a lion's language because I don't know what his world is like!
How can I know the world a lion inhabits?!

[Verse 1]

Boiled the elements down into the axioms
Mistook a fax for remedial tediums
It seems Ezekiel speaks to some
My mind was hazy and numb
And left hand gripped a clump of palladium
Saw the beast with the wings and the talons
The simple answer but it felt out of balance
Bad news like a blue screen of death
Besides the point, but which hue seems best?
Blessed
With every album my head grows bigger
It's beyond my nigga love each girl on twitter
Nonetheless, I nominate myself as tribute
Should the submarine flood, we would surely be fish food
I can seem to speak around it
If I could only hit the nail on the head
I'll read this fan mail when I'm dead
It's time to enlist in the service
It's time to struggle with purpose
For too long I've been the opposite of sanguine
It's time to analyze the language

I think I got god's answering machine... again

I wanna growl right here

I felt it in my bones, deep from the grave
I haven't seen it yet, but I'll know it on a day

[America]

I've been through the desert on a horse with no name
It felt good to be out of the rain
In the desert you can't remember your name
Cause there ain't no one for to give you no pain
La la...

[Verse 2]

I'll keep conducting these autistic symphonies
These sentences have sentenced me
Like I didn't have the sense to sense the mere
The presence grows weird
Doesn't make sense but I don't fear, not a damn thing
I live like a man who's already dead
Like I had a motorcycle but my name is Zed
(I'll be missed), said another clumsy alchemist
Like he just learned predicate calculus
The existential quantifier, a backwards EX
My rap career is a cataloging of defects
Copy edited by Ryan Seacrest
Like he must be new to this
Milo doesn't exude hubris, chuuch
Like he must be new to this
Milo doesn't exude hubris

[Al Swearengen as played by Ian McShane]

Pain or damage don't end the world
Or despair, or fucking beatings
The world ends when you're dead
Until then... give some back