[Hook: Dia]
Believe me! It's our TIIIIME now to let 'em know
(WHAT?!) It's our TIIIIME now to let 'em know
Believe me! It's our TIIIIME now to let 'em know
(WHAT?!) It's our TIIIIME now..

[DMX]
I like my blunts heavily hashed, bitches heavily assed
Joints ready to stash, got 'em ready to blast (WHAT?!)
Give 'em plenty and pass, the thing off (woo!) toss that
Get pulled over, we already lost that, of course black (uh!)
Floss that, lose that, get that? Come up off that
You ain't choose that, but you with that, now spit back (c'mon)
Y'all niggas got me all wrong (WHAT?!)
I'm still a grimy nigga (WHAT?!)
And I still give it to you, on your song (WHAT?!)
I let you niggas live for a minute, you get goofy
Told you go 'head, drop a few albums, I'll do a movie (aight)
But when I come back, c'mon dog, respect my slot (UHH)
Ain't no get in where I fit in, bitch I'm straight to the top (aight)
And whoever don't like it, FUCK YOU FAGGOT, bring it! (WHAT?!)
Nigga don't wanna walk it but, stay tryin to sing it
What I gotta start smackin you guys around again?
Don't make no motherfuckin sense, y'all some grown ass men!

[Hook]

[DMX]
I don't play with you cats like I used to
Cause well I ain't your father (uh-huh)
This time it's gon' be a little harder
Told niggas to "Do You", courtesy of Flex
Put out "... And Then There Was X" and then there was X
And then there was X again, ain't my next of kin
Just some hardheaded dickridin grown-ass men (uhh, uhh)
C'mon with the bullshit (WHAT?!) please, don't touch that
You might, bust yo' gun dog but we bust back (aight)
And what's that, a lot of dead homies
That ain't yours (UHH) leave it alone, you don't know me
Respect the nine or catch a wreckless twenty-nine (ahh)
For every bone in your spine (ahh) make a nigga recline (ahh)
This whole rap shit is mine (WHAT?!) and I'm not sharin (uhh)
Niggas gettin popped every day, not carin (woo!)
Peep niggas starin, but they don't want NUTTIN
Nowadays niggas get it for frontin, motherfucker!
Cocksuckin-ass niggas!

[Hook]

[DMX]
Now there's a lot of - bitch niggas that's rich niggas I stick niggas
(uhh) Pick niggas and hit niggas I lift niggas (uhh, uhh)
Wannabe player, stay in the park
Cause the grownups is over here, and we drinkin (WHAT?!)
Fuck is you thinkin? (WHAT?!)
X ain't changed, still with the same shit (uhh)
Ain't with the game shit (uhh) bust leave a stain shit (uhh)
Watch the game change quick (WHAT?!)
Some niggas married to the game
Nigga like me? Married to the same bitch (c'mon!)
I'm a dog from the hood, so I gotta rap from the hood
Put a snake and a cat to the wood
MAN!! if you, only knew
WHAT IT IS!! that I'm, goin through
WHEN IT IS!! that I'm, goin through it
You ain't gon let me get ahold of that thing, cause I'mma do it! (woo!)
Pop, stop drop watch and roll niggas (uhh)
Hold niggas dog I can't control niggas! (c'mon!)

[Hook] - repeat 2X