[Intro]
Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrr

[Verse 1]
What's on y'all niggas minds, fucking with me
Y'all know somebody has told you about fucking with D
Stuck in a tree is what you will be like a cat
Another dog at the bottom looking up, now what's that?
Your worst nightmare 'cause I take it right there
You got niggas coming? Where they at? Right where?
I make 'em like air, floating away
Wouldn't tell what he was thinking so I opened a way
Left him broken away, you know he hurt before he died
Makes you wonder if he lost his shirt before he died
Only two knew the answer and one of us is dead
So anyone who seeks the truth can get it straight to head
Then you and him can discuss what I did
Yeah it was wrong, dog, but I slid
I'll repent one day, just not right now
You hear my shit all on the street, I'm kinda hot right now
Come on

[Hook]
I don't give a fuck about
Y'all niggas cause y'all ain killing nothing
I don't give a fuck about
Y'all niggas cause y'all ain killing nothing

[Verse 2]
I wanna break bread wit' the cats that I starve with
Wanna hit the malls with the same dogs I rob with
Wanna be able to laugh with the niggas that I cried with
When it's over be like these is the niggas that I died with
What do you do when you find out in the hall there's a rat?
What do you do when you find out that your dog is a cat?
Shit, all niggas pack, can't hold but two
So while you getting more gats I'm putting holes in you
A snubnose will do, break 'em off real propa'
Need to keep spittin' and I ain't gonna stoppa'
Cocka, unlocka, let'em go!
Give it to his man, just to let him know
All things considered it was real for' a minute
Got what was yours and tried to steal something with it
Now feel something hit it, your chest that is
The best that is, is probably the best that slid
Don't stress that kid!

[Hook]
I don't give a fuck about
Y'all niggas cause y'all ain killing nothing
I don't give a fuck about
Y'all niggas cause y'all ain killing nothing

[Verse 3]
When niggas hear that dog bark, they better run
When police hear that dog bark, they better come
They expect to save their lives, but they lives will be lost
There is a price to pay, how many lives will it cost? (come on)
Since I run with the devil, I am one with the devil
And I stay doing dirt so I'm a come with the shovel
Is you on a level of a madman whose mind's twisted?
Mad niggas dreams caught the last train, mine's missed it
Listed as a manic-depressive with extreme paranoia
Hey dog, I got something for ya
Hear my name, feel my pain
Niggas wanna steal my fame, but first, feel my reign
Know what it's like to suffer, never have enough of
Shit, starting off hard then only getting rougher!
Tougher, but then came the grease
So if you wanna save the peace, tame the beast