{Verse 1}
Cause of my profession and affection I place nothing above 'em
(?) that I'm possessing I (?) truly love 'em
Short ones tall ones big ones small ones
Winter spring summer and fall yo I love 'em all
Especially the cuties with the smooth complexions and shapely booties
With the type of bodies that'll make you say "Oh boy."
Yup but baby if you're ugly I ain't got nothing for ya
I'm not conceited, I'm convinced that I've been naturally blessed
To (?) and irresistible with (?)
And what's that get that breaks down (?) a cutie I bag 'em
The instant I see a cutie with a bootie wiggle it just like jello
To me being a player approach and say hello but she didn't hear me
So I tapped her softly, She turned around screaming on me "Back up off me!"
I said "Damn, there is no need for hostility, I'm a mellow type of fellow"
Instil the tranquillity, She said "I recognize all of y'all are the same only after one thing
And kinda swift with the game" I said "Come on now sweetheart do I look like a player?"
She said "Of course not, psych." (?) let me know the deal I wanna ask you
"Are you for real, are you really for real is this love that I can't believe the way you make me feel
Are you for real?" As real as it gets my name is not James Brown but I believe you in a cold sweat
And I bet there's no if, ands, and maybes when I'm finished I will have you sayin' "Do me baby."
She said, "(?) I'ma give you a try because I think your kinda fly and you're my type of guy,"
She said her name was Crystal and she kept the pistol on her and if I ever cheated
Believe I be a goner, so I played the perfect gentleman ever time I was wit' her
And when I wasn't wit her I was going to get her when I wasn't going to get her she was coming to get me
Then when she wasn't coming to get me she was wit me
So for a while everything was smooth, I waited and contemplated my next move
My instinct had told that the time was right for us to get together
For a magical night so I called her, she said "Hello" I said "Hey"
She said "Wait, I already know what you have to say," she said "Baby, I know you're wondering
Why I won't go over to your place because I'm not too sure about how you feel
So I'd rather go at my own pace, Oh I don't know
The way that I feel I'm so afraid of a one night deal
I--" Hold up sweetheart, just chill, relax your telling me the answer
And I didn't even ask don't you think that we should be alone this is not the type of thing to
Talk about over the phone, why don't you "Come on and go with me
Come on over to my place." Where we can sit down and talk about it face to face
Why don't you "Come on and go with me
Come on over to my place"
Where we can discuss the (?) of picking up the pace She said
"I thought about it and I think that your right but, my parents are home so
It won't be tonight but, um why don't you come over tomorrow at 8 my parents leave at 7:30 and won't be back until late."
I said "Then let me go and get set tomorrow will be a day that you will not forget"
So the next day around 7:54 I picked up like 6 condoms and headed for the door stepped outside
I was asked where was I going by detectives with nine millimetres that were showing
I said "To my girls house." They said "No you aren't," I said "Why not?"
They said because they have a warrant
I said "That's impossible how can that be?" They said "It's right here
Robbery, first degree." Well anyway to make a long story short I ended up in (?)
Going to court so I call Crystal the night around 8 I said "It's just a mix up"
And blamed it on fate she told me that she loved me and promised to wait she said "I'll see you in court
On your next court date." Despite being locked up things weren't bad
I still had my girl and for that I was glad
She always came to visit didn't mind the (?) and every night I wrote a letter telling her things like

{Bridge}
I can't feel myself, I don't want nobody else to ever love me
You are my shining star, my guiding light, my love (?)
There's not a minute, hour, day or night that I don't love you
You're at the top of my lips cause I'm always thinking of you
I still remember in the days when I was scared to touch you
How I spent my daydreaming learning how to say "I love you"
You must've known that I had feelings deep enough to swim in
That's when you opened up your heart and you told me to come in
Oh mama!
A thousand kisses from you is never too much
And I just don't wanna stop

{Verse 2}
Days turned into weeks, weeks into months
10 days to 25th and I've only gotten mail once
What had happened to my love life
Why do I feel like I've been stabbed in the back with a knife
I tried to believe I said she loves me, she does but deep down
I knew what the scoop really was you see
Jody had my girl and now she was gone
Just thinking about it had me singing every love song
I'm thinking to my self how could she do me wrong but it's not her fault
I was away for too long I thought I had a girlfriend but now I know better
She told me that she wrote me but I never got the letter
Every time I tried to call her nobody was home
And since I had to call collect she put a block on the phone
She told me she would visit but damn I haven't seen her
You wanna know why because Jody is in between her legs and getting busy
He even ate the coochie, yo I bought her everything from Fendi to Gucci
But (?) in something that I didn't even have to sweat her
And if it doesn't happen by now it's gonna get her um

{Bridge}
"Thrown up in the middle I don't know what to do
What do you do when your girl is untrue
There's another man, another man
In my life, in my life
Ohh, another man is beating my time
Another man is loving mine
Ohh, another man is beating my time
Another man is loving mine

{Verse 3}
Beating my time
Another man was loving mine
I was upset but there were other things on my mind
I would start trial soon and was facing a lot of time
And on the day of trial I was nervous for a while but when they said not guilty
I stepped with a smile back to freedom, freedom on the streets again
Where I had to go and see what was up with my friend
So I called her just to make sure she was home I said "Hello,"
And a man's voice answered the phone I was confused at first I didn't know what to do
Said who is this he said "It's Jody and what is it to you?"
I turned up the receiver, picked up my gun, and straight for Crystal's crib
I started running murder, murder my fingers on the trigger murder, murder
I'ma murder this nigga. So then I thought why should I do him? He wouldn't have no pussy if she didn't give it to him
I thought about killing him thought about it twice said "Nah."
Why because it wouldn't be nice and for the sake of curiosity I had to go see Crystal
And ask her why did it have to be me? I knocked on the door and just like before
I heard a man's voice saying he couldn't take it any more the door opened up
But Jody (?) he looked me up and down and said I guess (?)
Now here comes Crystal yelling and fussing, hollering screaming, shouting and cussing
She looked at me and (?) got quiet in the hall she (?) and why didn't you call
I turned around to leave and she said "Please don't go," I said "You used to be my girl
Now you're nothing but a ho I understand cause I'm a man but there's no (?) in stake
"So I spread my wings and fly away, yeah"

{Outro}
You know what I'm sayin?
DMX's (?)
For 91' pushing up no daisies
Cause I'm real