[Intro]
Let us pray for those that we've lost
We know that we miss them for selfish reasons
Oh Lord my God, indeed you I put my trust
Save me, from all them that persecute me
And deliver me, in Jesus name, GRRRRR

[Hook]
Cause we all go anyway, I'mma say goodbye today
Cause it could be any day, I'mma say goodbye today
We've grown in so many ways, but I'mma say goodbye today
Cause it could be any day, I'mma say goodbye today-ayayyyy

[Verse 1]
I'mma say goodbye today, cause I don't know when
We gon' cross paths again, until then
I'mma be that, and see that, speaks the truth
Believe that, I'mma see that, to reach the youth
My suffering will not be in vain (NOT)
Neither will yo' pain ever since you passed to hear yo' name
Rest in peace to Autumn - we all know cancer cells kill
But if they caught 'em, they could've fought 'em
If you'd still be here, right here with us
We'd have plenty time before death came to get us
BUT, what is death like?  Should I really care?
After looking at it, was life really fair?
Did you burn any bridges?  Did you make amends?
Did you ask God for forgiveness for your sins?
What is Heaven like?  If you could come back, should you?
If you could communicate for a moment there, would you?
... Just questions that we ask ourselves, every day (wanna know)

[Hook]
Cause we all go anyway, I'mma say goodbye today
Cause it could be any day, I'mma say goodbye today
We've grown in so many ways, but I'mma say goodbye today
Cause it could be any day, I'mma say goodbye today-ayayyyy

[Verse 2]
So young, so gifted
Direction of life was uplifted, when the wind shifted
And took a turn for the worse, with the blessing come the curse
A nigga stressing took the dog into the hearse
My nigga Divine was way too young to die
Fell out the nest and was way too young to fly
But that didn't stop fate from happening
Idle time make the Devil—HATE WHAT'S HAPPENING!
God no!  Why did it go that way?
Coming from his fans away, why did he go that day?
Lightly, I dare say, life goes on
Donuts, Trey and Jerz I say, please be strong
He was supposed to be on the road with me
I wish somebody WOULD'VE came to get me
And niggas would've had to hit ME
But until then, MY FRIEND
I'mma say goodbye today, cause you never know when

[Hook]
Cause we all go anyway, I'mma say goodbye today
Cause it could be any day, I'mma say goodbye today
We've grown in so many ways, but I'mma say goodbye today
Cause it could be any day, I'mma say goodbye today-ayayyyy

[Outro]
Goodbye today, I'mma say goodbye today
Goin away hey (uhh) goodbye today, I'mma say goodbye today
(It's okay) And I say (let us pray)
Goodbye today (and I say) say goodbye today
Go on your way (and I say when you're, gone) I'mma say goodbye today
I'mma say goodbye today (gotta say before you move on) HEY!
Yes (yeah!)
I mean, this is life (yeah, say goodbye)
We are born, to die, so LET ME FLY! (know what I mean)
Let me fly, we are born, to die (be good)
{"Sometimes the pain is too much to bear" - repeat to end of Outro}
Cause I'm in a better place ('til we meet again)
I'm in a better place (I don't know what form)
See you soon baby! (we'll meet again)
Ha ha! .. (But we will meet again)
...
Spread your wings (they gon' shed a tear on this one!)
Fly, I'll try not to cry, it'll be hard
I just, miss, not having you here
Even though I know you're in a better place!
I just miss not having you here
Kinda selfish when you think about it
That's nature, that's life
Spirit, never dies, as lessons begin