[Intro]
This is a street corner, you know what I mean?
This is not the Hot 97 studio, This is a street corner right now
This is 3 emcees, know what I'm sayin'?
Standing on the sidewalk you know what I mean?
Timberland Boots, saying? Finessing
Concrete slab under the feet

[Verse 1: Canibus]
Yeah... blacking out with Funk Flex
DMX holds the shotgun pump, Canibus holds the tec
Whenever the head is separated from the human body with a sharp enough weapon
The brain remains conscious for 10 seconds
Long enough for me to give you one last message
And when you get to hell, you can tell Lucifer I said it
Don't ever get it confused
Messing with Canibus, the human Rubik's Cube
Like you got something to prove
I'm above the law, making cops shit in their drawers
They won't even dispatch the call if my name is involved
While you pray to Allah, reading your teachings of Muhammad
I'm in my crib studying thuganomics
Niggas wanna murder me, that's why my burgundy's superb and be
Full of secret service security
Taking off in aircrafts that take off and land vertically
The fact that I ain't treated like a king is absurd to me
From the streets of dirty Jersey to Germany, niggas heard of me
Verbally murdering you thoroughly without effort
I get drug tested before I can rhyme on the record
A remarkable specimen, with an audible weapon
Processing lyrics in less than one- one hundredth of a second
Beef? Bring it!
Bullets or barrels, spin it
Fingers squeeze trigger leave you physically disfigured

[Verse 2: DMX]
One, two [2x]
Come thru, run thru Gun who?
Oh, you don't know what the gun do?
Some do! those that know, are real quiet
Let me think you gon' try it
Fuck around and start a riot
Niggas gon' die, shit
Because I'm the hardest rap artist and I'm a start this shit up for real
Get up and feel
My words, I make [?] spit and squeal
Ill, it's all I've been hearing lately
Niggas hate me
Wanna duck tape me
And make me
Put their brains on the wall
When I brawl, too late
For that 911 call
Niggas stay beefin
But a lot of them bluff
But not ME! cause im the nigga that can get outta them cuffs
You think a lot of them is tough
It's just a front
Cause I light them them niggas up
The fight turns into a hunt
With the dog right behind niggas taking em down
WE ALL KNEW THAT YOU WAS PUSSY! But i'm  tasting it now
And never have a raw dog like "what"
Biting forever all up in your gut
Give it to em all like that
Ain't no love I do em all like that
Right up in their back clack! clack!
Close your eyes baby, it's over, forget it
Happened in front of your building but nobody knows who did it
(BARK! BARK! BARK!)

[Verse 3: N.O.R.E.]
Yo, my name N.O.R.E., but only fam call me P.A.P.I
Y'all people homos, like the cat who killed Versace
Homo, thug. Yo I shoulda known sooner
My clique stay in jail like Robert Downey Junior
Like Outlaw, in the beacan
Yo, Nigga Recan!
Most y'all people think you live and y'all Weakling
I'm from Iraq play the cut, smoke mad trees
Mind my own business, Concentrate on my cheese
Yo, the doorlocked, Four knocks ain't one simple
I'm like 98 live, y'all like double dribble
Yo thugged out, no rules while playing the game
Every man for himself, just receiving the pain
It's like Utah 21, no outs, just go hard
Rest In Peace I gotta say to Yami and Todd
It's like my people never learn, money to burn
Yo I'm leaving like me and Nate-ness, Let me say this
I used to rock the G-U-E with the Double S
Now I'm in the 98 Black GS
Golden with kid and my shit on some full grip
Headlights shine from Def Jam to Crown Heights
Now my clique keep guns, no time for fights
Open the flip on star trak, play the message
Copped ten Sprint phones and caught a deal
What? Two in the same like thugged out and Ill Will
It's all real, What the deal?

[Verse 4: Canibus]
Yo, Eff the nonsense, I got the reinforcements
To crush any enemy's offense
With A hundred thousand horseman
The Hardest Motherfucker on the market, right here
I complete in a minute what will take you a light year
Extraterrestrial biological entities with infinite energy
Battling for World Supremacy
Who wanna get touched? The Can-I-Bus will crush you
With hard jigsaw puzzles and strong jaw muscles
Ambushing Emcees, jumping out the trees
Like Vietnamese in fatigues covered with leaves
Interrogating you wack emcees like MIBs in dark glasses
Asking you to tell me exactly, where that alien craft landed by flashing
Bright lights in your eyes with them silver cameras
So when you revive, you can't recall or understand it
That's how the Canibus keeps tabs on the planet
I use amnesia to neutralize public panic
And take advantage of opportunities to do damage
I pierce your heart with evil thoughts
The only thing faster than the Speed of Light is the Speed of Dark
With the jaws of a great white shark
I rip you apart
My state of the art lyrical lasers is razor sharp
Splatter the brain matter of my enemies
With the same bullet trajectory that murder John Kennedy
In the back of his cranial cavity
Which is actually
What happens to any MC for tryna battle with me

For Hip-Hop heads I provide the ultimate high
Canibus is the difference between Harvard and DeVry
See I deliver lyrical blows to pose a potential threat
To any emcees I've ever met, or will meet
I can't be defeated or beat
Lyrically I got more lines than streets
So if you got beef, you better speak now or forever hold your peace
Cause I'm coming from the stomach of the beast
Representing the East Coast from border to border
I'll battle this whole planet in alphabetical order
From A to Z, or whatever the case be
My brain waves beat against the rocks like the sea
See my style is every color in the spectrum
Your style is plain like trains without vandalism
Steady blinding niggas when I be shining
Holding the sun in my hand, I walk across the horizon
My I.Q. number has six zeros behind it
I possess the power to sleep with open eyelids
On a metaphysical level
I'll make you burst into flames just by looking at a picture of you
In fact, when ever I put the match to the buddha
My brain cells become parallel to a computer
Gathering thoughts at speeds that light couldn't exceed
Test scores the Japanese overseas can't believe
When I'm around other emcees I don't know how to behave
I feel like a metal plate in a microwave
Taking niggas beyond the lyrical speed limit
Digging graves and dumping bodies in it when I'm finished
Attracting shit like a musical magnet
I'll freak flows in binary codes and talk to faxes
Lifting weights and taking amino acids
Sprinting through marathons like they was sixty yard dashes
My reactions’ll hit you, before your pro-actions hit me
Think about it, it’s deep
My fan club got more followers than the Grateful Dead groupies
And my SAT scores got aliens trying to recruit me
’Cause lyrically I got superhuman abilities
And I’ll make a mockery of anybody for drilling me
I get mad respect in this rap game
MCs like you could only call me by my last name
You came out of a woman’s womb
I came out of a space pod I’m a alien, a lyrical God
You gotta find twenty niggas like God, just to even the odds with me
My philosophies are iller than Socrates
I’ll damage your physical with my verbal
My balance enables me to square dance in a circle
To me you’re like a nigga trying’na jump a normal nigga's hurdle
And word to my unborn child, I’ll hurt you
Experiment on you like a mad scientist
And if my lyrics drive you crazy my fist'll be your psychiatrist