Yeah, I'm just motherfuckin in the studio and shit...
Chillin with this nigga DMX

Aight

Trying to let all these people out there know more about my nigga
Yameen, yo, to all that don't know, tell these motherfuckas where you from, yo

Yonkers, dog, Y.O

Yeah

School Street, Home of The Brave

But yo, motherfuckin, I've been checkin out, you know, this "Stop Being Greedy" shit

Yeah

Know what I'm sayin? C-could explain-explain-explain what it is?
I'm hearing like two people!

This shit is really complicated
I'm not-I'm not a regular nigga when it comes to a flow, ya'meen?
Is like we all got 2 sides, ya'meen?

Uhm

It depends on what side of the bed you wake up on
That would dep-that would depend on who you gon be for that day, ya'meen?
Sometimes you wake up on some bullshit
Sometimes you wake up like "Yo, it's lovely outside, things are good"
And you gon be that nigga for the day, ya'meen?

Uhm

But... There's always 2 sides, dog, ya'meen?
And that's what's that "Stop Being Greedy" it's all about
It's like I'm showin niggas 2 sides

Uhm
I-i-i-it's like, you-you-you touchin on these rap cats out here
You know what I'm sayin, all these niggas. all these niggas out here, you know...

I'm tellin niggas to stop being greedy! Ya'meen?
I been doin this shit for while, yo!

Right

For mad years, yo!

Uhm

Ya'meen, and... it's like, you know, closing the door
You know, so it's like "yo, stop being greedy, man!
You know, Ima bite you! Stop being greedy!
You know, don't make me take the food!"
You know? Everyday...

Right, right...
And-and how-how's-how-how's-how's the rhyme-how's the rhyme go?

Matter fact, matter fact!
Ima hit you like this
Cuz this-this-this, ya'meen
And then you will can see what's it all about
Ya'meen, for that "Stop Being Greedy" joint
Two sides, ya'meen?
This is the cool nigga, you know, the positive nigga:
"I could flip that flow, I could stick that hoe
I could get that dough, you know I'm with that, yo
Anything about the shit I came thru
I haven't seen
But when it gets dark
It's like a nigga's having dreams."
Having dreams
Then is that bad nigga
"All nightmares, the light dares to desert me
Got me like 'Everybody wants to hurt me'
Paranoid, so I strike out at whatever
Closest thing to me is gon get it, but never!"
Ya'meen, so it's like
You see the confrontation of the good and the bad
And when you hear the beat change
You hear the personally change

Uhm