It's dark, and hell is hot

[Hook]
Ain't no sunshine when it's on
Only darkness every day
Ain't no sunshine when it's on, cause when it's on
Ya niggas know to be gone, everytime, cause we don't play

[DMX]
"Who turned out the lights?" is what niggas be sayin
Now you don't wanna fight, but y'all niggas be playin
Thinkin it's alright, keep playin with that role
And you gonna know the night, when you layin in that hole
Dirt gettin tossed in yo' grave, now it's all over
Preacher said "You was brave," but now it's all over
You just one of the many, plenty, I done gave it to
(*boom*) Ain't no savin you
No matter how many tears your moms' cried
Ain't gon bring yo' ass back, plus in hell you gon' fry
Why? But now the only two relative questions
Is "Do we bury him or burn? Any suggestions?"
Either way, you up out of here for good
Now when niggas mention your name they knockin on wood
Did I, get my, point across?
Another body on the shottie another joint I toss

[Hook]
+ everytime, cause we don't play..
Everytime, cause we don't play..

[DMX]
It ain't no sunshine when the Dark Man comes out
And I want mine, so I plan to keep my gun out
We got four 9's, so niggas run in and run out
But I bust mine, cause I'd like to hear some shouts
Get at me dog, niggas know how its goin dizzy
When it comes to that flow, I gets busy
Who is he? Dark Man, of the unknown
(GRRR, ARF!) One dog, one bone
Now who ain't goin home? Looks like you
You hear strike one, talkin shit, strike two
Won't be a strike three, cause I don't play fair
I'mma look you in your eye while he hit you from the rear
Be like - yeah, holdin you up cuz you fallin (WHAT?)
The Lord ain't comin, 'til niggas stop callin
You was ballin, a minute ago, in it for dough
'til it was, "Yo, I swear to God, I didn't know"

[Hook]
+ everytime, cause we don't play..
Everytime, cause we don't play..

[DMX]
And I know, I know, I know, I know, I know
Whatchu think you gon' get, fuck around with my dough
Just so it ain't no mistakes, this is my show
One (one) two (two) three, here I go!
Your shit is quick, and your shit is slick, but this shit is thick
Ain't you hear this shit? Damn right, I can finish shit
If you caught that verse without a rewind you can see mine
But you be blind, I'll do it 360 and come up from behind
Tap you on your shoulder, have you turnin around
Hit you with somethin that'll have you burnin the ground
Be like, "Damn, ain't nuttin left of money, but a pile of ash"
Life is good, so please enjoy it while it lasts
Cause you know ain't got much longer to go
The quicker you go depends on the stronger the flow
And niggas know, I don't give a FUCK, right or wrong
There ain't no sunshine when it's on

[Hook]
+ everytime, cause we don't play..
Everytime, cause we don't play..