Yo, uhh
Ohh, huh, that's how it's goin down huh?
You niggas hit me like that
In the fuckin back? In the fuckin back?!
Bitches!! ARF, ARF!!
(WHAT?! WHAT?! WHAT?! WHAT?!)
This how we do bitch niggas, f'real

[DMX]
I'm tryin to let you niggas know how the fuck it's goin dizzy
When it comes to that flow (YO!) I gets busy
Dog don't care get, bear like grizzly
Boom boom boom! ATF, who the fuck is he?
Dog is the nigga that's gon' walk through the night
Park the car twenty blocks away and walk to the fight (WHAT?!)
And go where the fuck I want cause New York is alright
The dog is alright, if the hawk is on sight
Everything from "Get at Me Dog" to "What's My Name?" (woo!)
X got a rep, niggas trust my name
Ain't never been a nigga to discuss my fame (WHAT?!)
Fuck my fame, nigga, what's my name? (WHAT?!)
I'mma keep it real no, matter what it cost me
Never one to be taken lightly or softly
Dog, I don't know you please back the fuck up off me
Before I have him, cause I popped you tryin to off me

[Hook 2X: DMX]
So don't walk too fast or talk too much
Cause y'all niggas is ass, and you know whassup
Cause y'all niggas'll blast and we like WHAT?!
And my niggas'll blast and Y'ALL FUCKED UP!

[DMX]
I done told you niggas to walk with me, and stand
Now who's lookin at me, akwardly? My man
But you know who I let talk to me? My fans
Take pictures shake hands cause, that's my man
It'll be what it is for as long as I let it last
Shit niggas put out? I'd be wrong if I let it past
Think that shit is hot bitch, just because you said it fast? (WHAT?!)
I'm about to dead it fast, you pumped off unleaded gas (c'mon!)
Don't keep goin where you're goin it's a dead end
'fore a nigga catch you at the door tryin to get it
Key tryin to fit in, fo'-pound spittin
Get what you put in (WHAT?!) bullshit forbidden (WHAT?!)
Stop talkin wreckless, cause - y'all don't mean it (woo!)
Y'all better respect this, cause - y'all don't seen it (woo!)
Y'all better check this cause I'm gon' bring it
Bring it? I don't think y'all really wanna see it!

[Hook]

[DMX]
Aiyyo why do niggas run they mouth, when they ain't bout it? (uh-huh)
Ain't "Ryde or Die" but, stay wantin to shout it (uh-huh)
Stay pullin the thing out but what you gon' do without it?
No, I wanna know f'real, what you gon' do without it? (f'real!)
We done tested y'all niggas, the rest of y'all niggas
Threatened y'all niggas, STRAIGHT UP, double vested y'all niggas
And it was ONLY out of love that we protect y'all niggas
And because of a nigga in jail, we respected y'all niggas
But

[Hook] - 1/2

[DMX]
Be careful where you walkin cause the ground's real shaky
Nigga hold the fo' but PLEASE don't make me
Please don't mistake me, make me, angry (WHAT?!)
Love me or hate me (WHAT?!) niggas can't break me (c'mon!)

[Hook] - 2X