[DMX]
I’m taking the mic, fuck who’s next!
2 niggas repping the R, X & X
My nigga, there are no raps shit
My nigga clap shit that quick
Yeah, we on that shit

[Busta Rhymes]
About to roundhouse kick you motherfuckers face off
My voice so big you can turn the fuckin base off
Wanted for lots of murders lately - cops surround the place off
I’m busting DMX up in this bitch
You better take off

[DMX]
Went away for a while.. jail, prison
Getting down for real, fuck it - living!
Don’t worry about what condition I’m in
Cats can't survive half the places I’ve been

[Busta Rhymes]
And while a lot of motherfuckers
Sit and watch the throne killer
We in the booth barking dog, welcome home
We spazzing in this bitch
While we keeping the crowd hyped
Remind em like what this
Shit's supposed to sound like
Dogg, I pulled up in front
Of the jail to picked you up
Convoy of whips with about 30 bitches in the trunk
Come on!

[DMX]
They saying locked down is easy
But a nigga like me is greasy
Population or PC, Check my 5 nigga
See when I’m on
Feeding with that thing, then I’m gone

[Busta Rhymes]
Most you niggas talk too much
Putting police on ‘em
Bunch of blabbermouth-ass niggas: Jackie Gleason
I dig my foot in your face, putting my cleats on
You niggas steady watching me putting the streets on

[DMX]
You need to think cause
I got on and changed that something changed?
Bitch, I am the streets. What's my name
I’ve been trying to stay suckerfree
But look where the suckers be
Had the hood under me, can’t a motherfucker breathe

[Busta Rhymes]
I know you baggage claim rapper niggas.. just carry my luggage
And I take great pleasure whenever it’s time to punish
Incinerate a rhyme, let me throw their ass in the rubbish
I don’t give fuck what they think
You niggas know that I run this
You niggas can see just what it is and how I’m on it
How I fuck your money up and be the foulest nigga

[DMX]
Fall back cause of all that noise you're making
Only lets me know you boys is faking
Let me know that everything
You got is mine for the takin
Before I leave you dead and stinkin
Look here, I don’t play games, I don’t say names
Jump through with the guns out spraying lames
I don’t take aim, hit the whole crowd
I shoot loud!

[Busta Rhymes]
Ya’ll niggas know my M.O, I kill you, little boy
Heatseeker missle whistle seek and destroy
You ain't ready for the standoff
And while a dog shooting
I’m chopping a nigga's hand off
Funny little nigga, see the way I treat him
Talk shit when I whoop niggas, than I beat them
And if you run around, I woop your ass cookoo
Don't. Talk. Back. When your father's talking to you
These corny niggas is wavin surrender flag banners
Taking no prisoners, pussy, I’m teaching your ass manners
Fuck your ass up bad, more bangers
And air them out to dry
Like we left them on clothes hangers
I’m sickly as hell, eat your body up: cancer
Who's the nicest in the spot?
Ya’ll already knowing the answer
Then I listen to niggas talk
And they fill me up with laughter
These niggas say they're "thug"
But be lookin' more like a dancer
There's something that you niggas need to know, it's so important
That I ain't the one to fuck with homey
I’m tired of talking!