[Intro]
Y'all niggas ready? Are y'all ready?
Stop!
Drop! Shut 'em down, open up shop!
Ohhh! Nooo! That's how Ruff Ryders roll!
Stop! Drop! Shut 'em down, open up shop!
Ohhh! Nooo! That's how Ruff Ryders roll!
Stop! Drop! Shut 'em down, open up shop! (what? what? what?)
Ohhh! Nooo! That's how Ruff Ryders roll!
Stop! Drop! (what? what? what?) Shut 'em down, open up shop! (uh-huh!)
Ohhh! Nooo! That's how Ruff Ryders roll!

[Verse 1]
Niggas wanna lie, niggas wanna try
Then niggas wonder why, niggas wanna die
All I know is pain
All I feel is rain
How can I maintain, with mad shit on my brain
I resort to violence, my niggas move in silence
Like you don't know what are style is

New York niggas the wildest

My niggas is wit' it
You want it? come and get it
Took it then we split it
(You fuckin' right we did it)
What the fuck you gonna do, when we run up on you
Fuckin' wit' the wrong crew
I'ma have ta show niggas how easily we blow niggas
When you find out there's some more niggas, that's runnin' with your niggas
Nothin' we can't handle, break it up and dismantle, light it up like a candle
Just cause I can't stand you
Put my shit on tapes, like you bussin' grapes
Think you holdin weight?

Sing that shit!

[Hook]
Stop! Drop! Shut 'em down, open up shop! (What? What? What?)
Ohhh! Nooo! That's how Ruff Ryders roll! (I can't hear you!)
Stop! Drop! Shut 'em down, open up shop!
Ohhh! Nooo! That's how Ruff Ryders roll!

[Verse 2]
Man, Is ya'll niggas crazy?
I'll bust you and be Swazy
Stop actin' like a baby
(Mind your business, lady!)
Nosy people get it too, when you see me spit at you
You know I'm trying to get rid of you
Ya I know it's pitiful
That's how niggas get down
Watch why niggas spit round
Make ya'll niggas kiss ground, just for talkin' shit clown
Oh you think it's funny then you don't know me money
It's about to get ugly, fuck it dog I'm hungry
I guess you know what that mean, come up off that green
Five niggas or a fiend, don't make it a murder scene
Give a dog a bone, leave a dog alone
Let a dog roam and he'll find his way home
Home of the brave, my home is a cage
And yo I'ma slave til' my home is a grave
I'ma pull paper, it's all about the papers
Bitches caught the vapors then how they wanna rape us

[Hook]
Stop! Drop! Shut 'em down, open up shop! (uh-huh!)
Ohhh! Nooo! That's how Ruff Ryders roll! (what? what? i can't hear you!)
Stop! Drop! Shut 'em down, open up shop! (uh-huh!)
Ohhh! Nooo! That's how Ruff Ryders roll!

Where my dogs at?