[DMX]
Grrrrrrr
From the dogz to the pups
Drag-On baby, Ruff Ryders, come on

[Drag-On]
Drag On baby, uh
Yo who them niggas at the bar niggas?
On them job niggas
See y'all frontin mine niggas
But drugz revolve niggas
Y'all fake coke dealers slidin away wit soap niggas
The size ain't right, y'all should be 300 hundered pounds on thin ice
Run in yo set, pullin yo gun from under yo desk
Snatch the weight from big niggas doin a hundered a set
With the gun to y'all neck I'll have y'all niggas runnin in sets
Under the bed, two to the chest and one to yo leg
Cocked it have one in the head and wanted by feds
Said they on the prowl for Drag and niggas wanted him dead
That's what you get, gambling yo life wit a hundered to bet
Ace to the dues, now yo face has seen a hundered Gilletes
Niggas think it's funny and shit, when chicks is suckin they dicks
Till they control you like Remotes, bustin buttons and shit
Y'all can't control me, all y'all can do is promote me women
And caught no shots, from my Glock wit 16 in it, uh

[Hook by: Drag-On and (DMX)] x2
Who them niggas that's comin to take over? ( Ruff Ryders)
Whom them niggas that's makin they moves? ( Ruff Ryders)
Who them niggas that pay they dues? ( Ruff Ryders)
Who them nigaz that'll never lose? ( Ruff Ryders)

[Drag-On]
This lil nigga's too young to show the i.d
But if y'all don't feel the hits now y'all gon feel it later like Ali
Y'all got respect? Not at all, but we do and got it all
Cause y'all know there's a lot of dogs that'll sell y'all for a lot of dough
Playboy, u sniff out, and pull out and leave em stiff out
Poke em wit somethin they couldn't get it out if they shitted out
Hercules thinkin he hurtin me, but they ain't hurtin shit
If only they could see behind curtains, they girl is jerking dick
And I might bust inside her then the next day say hello to you
Hopin that my nut ain't touch nuttin it wasn't supposed to
When you get up from the get go, nigga disapper like Presto
The cats is Pedro, since double R got the metro
They almost dead yo, niggas wanted butted down
We throwin up the parties soon as they pat us down
? Woulda been more than music sounds
Coulda been round after round goin straight thru yo crown

[Hook by: Drag-On and (DMX)] x2
Who them niggas that's comin to take over? ( Ruff Ryders)
Whom them niggas that's makin they moves? ( Ruff Ryders)
Who them niggas that pay they dues? ( Ruff Ryders)
Who them nigaz that'll never lose? ( Ruff Ryders)

[Drag-On]
What's this I'm hearin niggas sayin I ain't ready
What you tellin me? I been caught felony's y'all nigaz funny like Bill Bellamy
Fuck what you tellin me, I pull out gunz like niggas pull out swords
In the old days, whan I spray I'm yellin, "touche"
Either you can stay and lay and this'll be yo last day
Or you can help me put my shit away and then you get away
And nigga clear the way, you blockin what I'm droppin
See the stocking? Dont let me pull the shit put that'll have you
Emptyin out yo pocket, stop it, "Drag is you for real?" Shit
And tell it like if y'all takin a lot of pills, now they pumpin yo stomach
For the slugz from the semi, still fuckin wit me?
Y'all nigaz is little like a buck for a 20 and y'all niggas is mad that
Ruff Ryders Got me, cause all them bees you stick on me
Not one of em stung me
And by my dick y'all niggas is gon wish, y'all hung me
Double 0 nigga and I'm hungry and I'm goin all out, cause y'all numb me
You feel this

[Hook by: Drag-On and (DMX)] x2
Who them niggas that's comin to take over? ( Ruff Ryders)
Whom them niggas that's makin they moves? ( Ruff Ryders)
Who them niggas that pay they dues? ( Ruff Ryders)
Who them niggas that'll never lose? ( Ruff Ryders)