[Napoleon quotes the bible during intro]

[Napoleon]
I better put my.. Boots on, bullet proof vest just to keep on
Plan plot strategize, all i heard that be4 we die it ain't no mercy
I roll with the best down from west to jersey
OUTLAWZ cemetary, Do ya feel me, be4 ya buried
Feel this curse; thatll take ya momma and her purse
Burn ya house down to tha dirt, as i watch smile and smirk
Im on a mission like im fishion plus im dommin ya Homboyz knivin
Bust tha crime, cuz ya block is down, so whys they tryin?
Enough to Drive by but i hope the blood clat, ??? ???
Tha feds dont know why its bumpin Outlawz....

[Young Noble]
Somtimes i feel like im... hollow inside!
Im down to drive, for all the times i cried
Replied, by gettin high, commitin crimes
Disobeyin orders, never snitchin or slangin quarters
Dizsazzed from the tizsnatched them motherfuckers always on us
No room to breath, steady under siege,even when we grieve
Thats why im thinkin twice about plantin seedz
Cause these is fucked up cards they delt us
Too late to try to fuckin help us
Wonder why niggas dont mind they eldaz
Pain and pleasure, its all apart of dealin with fate
Yung niggas you betta pray, open ya eyez, stay awake!!!
Comon!

[Young Noble]
YUNG NIGGAZ DID YA PRAY 2DAY?!
MY YUNG NIGGAZ DID YA PRAY 2DAY?!
Comon
OPEN YA EYEZ NIGGA STAY AWAKE!
CLIMBIN CLOSER TO THA PERALY GATES!
X2

[EDI]
I often ask why must we live this way, im forced to ride on yet another day
My comrade left this life but remember, His good deeds Outweighed his sin so father let him enter
Im on a journey, where the answer dont concern me
Certainly, i wish for better thangs, be rich, stay ahead a thangs, but shit
But how much can i take? im halfway gone allday
My lifes only mission is ridin out n gettin paid
Outlaw, till the last breath i take - forever soulja
Ridin oh so righteously, untill its ova
And it ain't gon be over nigga! no time soon
Prepare for doom, death n gloom, shit ain't no need to assume
We black jesus disciples, takin off when we sight you
Bein led by the fact, that i can't sleep the night thru

[EDI n Kastro]
My yung nigga did u pray 2day? but sure in heavin theres a place to stay
We was born to ride, its gon stay dat way, its da pain that help me stay awake

[Fatal]
While dey trin to find me, trippin, kissin my own kitchen floor
Fucked up, plus my throat cut, fiend galore
Operating under thug lawz as a warrior!!!
Still a badboy killa, my peepz gon feel it even more
Kiss dez tats on my arms DALY, Talkin ta whoeva hear me!
Knownin im goin home soon! oh heil! Mr Makaveli!
Top dolla, thug schola father on my team, standin away, Contemplate my fate, n seein demonz
Shit, if i fall asleep soon too awake n screamin
In my sheetz, sweatin, weapon n da air, scared breatin
Fast eyes high gleamin, even seein me blasted
Its like my mind playin tricks, on my muafukin azz
Fast times or hard liqure, prolly finally catch up
But still im gettin fucked up, eyes, wide on a come up
So when i run up, best believe its with a BIG on thang!
The Thang I know fo sho to tear a mothafucka out da frame

X1 each chorus