[Intro]
It's the Miami Bratts, so you know will out fuck you
So get out my face, before I touch you
Hoe, don't you know? Can't you understand
If you fuck with me, I'll take your man

Bitch, you know I'll take your man, hoe
Don't play with me, oh that's your man?
I'll take your man, now he mines
Haha, yeah hoe!

[Verse 1: TT]
Let me tell you ‘bout this hater from around my hood
Kept trying a bitch like my pussy ain't good
See this bitch ain't like me and I don't know why
But I'ma give her a reason when I take her guy!
You don't want smoke baby, please believe me
Cause I'm that bitch, and your nigga looking easy
Touch me, taste me, fuck me, squeeze me
Once he do that, he'll never leave me
Fuck you! And the rest of your crew
Cause I'll take your nigga and I'll keep mine to
You wanna fight? I'm with that to!
Bitch I'm from the hood, lace up your shoes
Bitch you too slow, can't keep up, I took him, you see us
Pussy whip, he too stuck, you lost him, that's your luck
So the next time you decide to start some shit
Old broke down, jealous bitch! I'll take your man

Damn right, shit, you know we will
Bitch, that'll be my man
I'll take your man, haha
Dead ass though!

[Verse 2: Bre-auty]
Yeah, when I walked in the door, I bend felt the tension
The niggas with the sweating and the hoes with the whispering
That's Bre-auty and she signed a QC
How the fuck she got a deal, and she been raping bout a week?
Uh
She probably suck P dick, or let her Coach fuck, nah hoe I'm a G bitch
Straight from the bottom, and I'll beat a hoe ass, if a hoe got a problem
Pussy hoe where your man at?
So I can fuck him in his mouth, in your house where he laying at
On instagram looking for a flaw, on or offline, pussy hoe on raw
I get if from my mammy, and I know how to handle it
305, from Miami! How you mad when you had your chance?
Y'all hoes better stop playing, I'll take your man!

[Chorus]
Bitch, don't play with me
Oh that's your man? I'll take your man!
Now he mines, haha
Yeah hoe!
I'll take your man

Fuck you! F-fuck you!
Fuck you, jealous bitch!
I'll take your man!
Fuck you!