[Verse 1]
Niggas wishing I fail
They got a better chance with quarters in wishing wells
Brains refused 'em, but still wishing 'em well
Elevated thoughts, but you can see from the smells
Fast living and ash flicking
Parties with bad women fashion and big cash spending
I'm passing 'em, car with no gas in it
Bitches falling love over night they passionate, pass the shit
Nothing but big kush joints love me
Cause I'm rose bushings lyrics got a good point
Rap it how I live it, live it how I'm rapping
Promised last year I'd dent it now it's cracking
Making shit happen, little nigga big dreams
Take the game double player like I got split screens
Smoke big trees and count big cheese
Hands to the hair line salute the whole team, yeah

[Interlude: Tyler the Creator]
Told y'all niggas y'all wasn't ready, nigga. Domo Genesis is killing all you niggas. Niggas, Rolling Papers in this mothafucka. Smoking weed, fucking bitches and eating cereal, nigga. Domo, hit these niggas off

[Verse 2]
Lips wait sealed with a born rich
Hit 'em in they head with shots come like porn flick
Horse flick like boards went, liquors get portioned
Louis Vuitton checkers printed, on some board shit
Cords get plugged in in the rush, no endorphins
Blazing 'til it's done, bring some more in
Steady getting blown, bitches, no maticon
Light skin, long hair, board and abort 'em
Sicker than St. Jude's, chemo get spit at
Got good ways with cuss words and Syntax
Big stack, shitted on, no elax
Thirst that bitches want watered down for relax
This where your bitches will be at
Hand on hairline, make sure them niggas see that
This where your bitches will be at
Hand on hairline, make sure them niggas see that

[Outro: Tyler the Creator]
Niggas ain't fucking ready, nigga. Told y'all niggas Rolling Papers coming in this mothafucka, nigga. Odd Future Wolf Gang Kill Them All Don't Give a Fuck, nigga. Now roll that join up. Smoking gold with this shit right here, nigga. Yeah, we ain't fucking playing with these niggas, man. You think we fucking playing, nigga? Fuck that