[Hook: Domo Genesis]

Put yo middle finger up, tell em you dont give a fuck. I be tryna get this money I be busy on these bucks. You ain't getting nothing from me then you niggas out of luck. Put yo middle finger up, tell em you dont give a fuck. Got my middle finger up, told em I dont give a fuck. I be tryna get this money I be busy on these bucks. You ain't getting nothing from me then you niggas out of luck. Put my middle finger up told em I dont give a fuck. Put my middle finger up, put my middle finger...

[Verse 1: Domo Genesis]

Put yo middle finger up, tell em you dont give a fuck. I be tryna get this money I be busy on these bucks. Tyrna ball all year, I be coming in the clutch. While im rolling up the joints, Left Brain be rolling up the dutch. Be getting high as fuck, keep it focused on the master plan. Snowball affect keep it rolling make it avalanche. Tower over niggas, the way I see it from my fucking stance, niggas never had a chance believe they never had a chance. WolfGang got these lame niggas by a landslide, and they can have the shine, ima make my money stack right. Dropping in deposits man my bank is like a (indistinct), thats probably why these model hoes finally starting to act right. My act right cleans a house, even out flying over seas take the scenic route. The shit I really do is the shit that they dream about. I like to keep them hating, I know they see me now

[Hook: Domo Genesis]

Got my middle finger up, tell em I dont give a fuck. I be focused on this money, I be tryna get these bucks. Got my middle finger up, tell em I don't give a fuck. Nigga I dnot give a fuck. Nigga I dont give a fuck. (Nigga I don't give a fuck) Got my middle finger up. I be busy on this money I be tryna get these bucks. You ain't getting nothing from me then you niggas outta luck. Got my middle finger up, got my middle finger up

[Verse 2: Domo Genesis]

(Got my middle finger up) I dont give a fuck. Niggas talking about the wolves we be barking like whats up. Ain't no publicity stunt we be really getting buck. We be really getting paid, hoes be really getting fucked. I be chillin in the cut, You niggas doing to much. Bitch get off me this cost too much to get touched, I'm ill as fuck and I'm smoother than your grandfather. End of discussion, my introduction, is man slaughter. I kill em off she wanna roll, not accept offers. I be fucking she be cussing like yo aunts daughter. Haha one of the coolest niggas that still existing. Drop that cool shit and cool niggas listen. If you don't fit that description, dont pay attention. Still niggas hate, and wanna make a mention. But I dont give a fuck, I ain't even tripping. More money, more problems we in the kitchen

[Hook: Domo Genesis]

Got my middle finger up, got my middle finger up. Nigga I dont give a fuck, nigga I dont give a fuck. I be chilling in the cut, left be rolling up the dutch. Hodgy Beats double cups, Mike G rolling up. Syd grab another blunt, we be rolling up, rolling up. Haha and IDGAF and I got all the bitches, I got all the bitches. All the bitches is mine. HAHAHA