[Verse 1: Propaganda]
When it's apparent that you have failed as a parent
Too busy tryna pay rent
Homie now what?
Long gone are the days
You ain't takin yo little big head
To AYSO scrimmages no more
No football practice lil league movie nights no
You drive him too his cute little puppy love girlfriend's doctor's appointment
She got a date with the sonogram
Your boy is officially a statistic - now what?
Your lil man, He barely sproutin' peach fuzz
He wanna be just like you
He writes poetry
He feel kin to Buffalo soldiers you chuckle
We live in the Suburbs
I work too hard for you to not struggle
You don't know what you talkin' about
You soon find that socio-economic status does nothing for a skin color
To them he just a well dressed coon whose parents got lucky
He's the butt of subliminal jokes
Like his friends refer to rap as jungle jive
They see him and go "Yo homie yo! That's how ya'll talk right?"
He's checked out
He's found other outlets
His good grades don't fix his
Depraved brain
He believes the gospel of Young Money - huh, YOLO
Yo, and as your momma drops you off at the mall
Remember as you scope out them Dunks
That every bite you take of that number 1 Animal Style is a bite you stole from your daughters tummy
Them Dunks is about a month's worth of diapers and food you finna put on your feet
Homie this is your fault
Your job
Your responsibility
Don't get mad when momma won't give you 20 bucks
It's your turn, I don't know what to tell you
I ain't got an answer

[Hook]
I ain't got an answer (x3)
When it's apparent, that you have failed as a parent
Homie I ain't got an answer
Man I ain't got an answer
Homie I ain't got an answer
I don't know

[Verse 2: Sho Baraka]
It's apparent sometimes I think I've failed as a parent
And my son having autism is rough
But maybe he don't speak because words don't say much
Maybe he don't need words to communicate his love
And sometimes his silence causes me to stumble
It's possible he's a version of me that's more humble
And I think my child finds more joy in playing with my phone
Playin' on his own
Will he shed a tear when I'm gone?
I'm wrestling with the shame of an outsider view of me
His life is a spotlight on my own insecurities
But I know his laugh, it lights up a thousand rooms
And when he speaks to me, it's just like a flower blooms
This has just become my own digital diary
I'm at the doctor's office just hoping they would lie to me
That my son would be alright
But if he's not, my son would be alright because he is God's
Autism, Sickle Cells, or Down Syndrome
Still keepin the faith in the midst of hard livin'
We stand together cause we have no other place to go
My son and I we live and fight even tho...

[Hook]
I ain't got an answer (x3)
When it's apparent, that you have failed as a parent
Homie I ain't got an answer
Man I ain't got an answer
Homie I ain't got an answer
I don't know

[Verse 3: Propaganda]
When it's apparent that you have failed as a parent
You cancel a quinceanera, cause lil mamas finna be one
Scroll through your brains iPhone and unopened emails
How many daughters hugs did I not reply to?
You ain't lyin to me I know that song that you sing
And that promise ring was real cute but it's really for the parents
She ain't savin it for marriage and never had plans to
She in a fetal position now carrying a fetus
Your worldview officially has left the philosophical
And is layin in your living room considering abortion
Them eighth grade boys is textin naked pictures of your daughter to each other
Now what?
And baby girl them is yo panties as his Facebook picture, now what?
This is your fault and I ain't got an answer
Dad sit in it, soak in it, stew in It
You failed
Better get it together boy, she needs you more than ever
And I ain't got an answer

[Outro]
It's like that moment when you realize the pinnacle of modern psychology has failed you
At the end of modern psychology homie. All that junk, it fails
And yo little girl, yo little boy he ain't the person you trained him to be
Look, I don't know. Man, I
Don't know, I don't know the answer. Sho, you know? (Nah homie, I ain't got an answer.)
Homie look all that stuff we gotta get our heads outs the sand homie
Life is happenin with our children
Look I'm not the answer, this album, this song, these records they ain't yo answer. I don't know the answer
But I know, I know who got the answer. And let's all point to the savior together boy! Look I ain't perfect - neither is you. But let's look to the man that knows it. I'll walk with you boy I promise you
Pray for me, I'll pray for you
Let's raise our kids boy, we don't have to many models out there
I know like you know Let's set a new standard for fathers
Let's be there for our kids