[Intro: Sho Baraka]
What if we took what James did on "If It Wasn't For Love" and we just flipped it like...

[Verse 1: Sho Baraka]
You more precious than that diamond girl, I see you shine
I ain't insecure girl, I know you mine
You ain't Oakland girl, but I call you my "bae"
When silence is violence, you know what to say
I'm eying you (I mean, I mean) you and I
I know it's hard to stay grounded when you know you fly
We can take this to the floor and we can groove
I ain't got nothing to prove, I'll just leave that up to you
Translate your body language every time you move
Even in a crowded room, it's just me and you
We can build a future, build dreams, build children
Man, forget these other women, you #1 in the building

[Hook: Jamie Portee + Sho Baraka]
If it wasn't for love, where would I be?
Let me tell you 'bout love, it'll set you free
Unconditional love, that's what I need
And if it wasn't for love, where would I be?
Ooh, my lady, you got me going crazy
You got me going crazy, baby
Yeah, if it wasn't for love

[Verse 2: Sho Baraka]
They say that beauty's in the eye of the beholder
I'll tell you that you're beautiful every time that I hold ya
You know her Kadisha, tryna find Felicia
Rashad, oh my God, I just think I found my gena
Moesha, she just made me a believer
Ring on her finger, she know I will never leave her
Love has me on a full-time commitment
You occupy my heart, other girls got evicted
Uh huh, one of a kind, character shines
You dynamite fine, you blow my mind
Keep her on my arm, watch her steal my time
Fall in love every day, forget a pickup line
Clap it up, clap it up now for L-O-V-E
Clap it up, clap it up for love, ya dig?
Clap it up, clap it up now for L-O-V-E
Clap it up, clap it up for love, ya dig?
Clap it up, clap it up now for L-O-V-E
Clap it up, clap it up for love

[Hook: Jamie Portee + Sho Baraka]
If it wasn't for love, where would I be?
Let me tell you 'bout love, it'll set you free
Unconditional love, that's what I need
And if it wasn't for love, where would I be?
Ooh, my lady, you got me going crazy
You got me going crazy, baby
Yeah, if it wasn't for love

[Outro: Sho Baraka]
Alright, now look here, baby girl
You fine and I know you think that I'm fine
It don't make no sense why we can't be fine together
I mean, let's do the math: 1 + 1 equals 2, me and you
Ya dig? Know'm sayin'?
Uh, cause if you do that math wrong, you gon' end up with a zero
Are you pickin' up what I'm puttin' down, baby girl?
Alright, 'cause the keys are tryna tell you how much I'm diggin' ya, girl