[Verse 1: Andy Samberg, Chris Parnell, & Both]
Lazy Sunday, wake up in the late afternoon
Call Parnell just to see how he’s doin’
Hello? What up, Parns? Yo, Samberg, what’s crackin'?
You thinking what I’m thinking? Narnia! Man, it’s happenin'
But first, my hunger pains are sticking, like duct tape
Let’s hit up Magnolia and mack on some cupcakes
No doubt that bakery’s got all the bomb frostings
I love those cupcakes like McAdams loves Gosling

[Verse 2: Andy Samberg, Chris Parnell, & Both]
Two; no, six; no, twelve, baker's dozen!
I told you that I’m crazy for these cupcakes, cousin
Yo, where’s the movie playin’? Upper West Side, dude
Well, let’s hit up Yahoo! Maps to find the dopest route
I prefer MapQuest; that’s a good one, too
Google Maps is the best; true that; double true!
68th and Broadway; step on it, sucka
What you wanna do, Chris? Snack attack, motherfucker!

[Hook: Andy Samberg & Chris Parnell]
It’s the Chronic—what?—cles of Narnia
Yes, the Chronic—what?—cles of Narnia
We love that Chronic—what?—cles of Narnia
Pass that Chronic—what?—cles of Narnia

[Verse 3: Andy Samberg 7 Chris Parnell]
Yo, stop at the deli, the theater’s overpriced
You’ve got the backpack? Gonna pack it up nice
Don’t want security to get suspicious
Mr. Pibb and Red Vines equals crazy delicious
I’ll reach in my pocket, pull out some dough
Girl acting like she never seen a ten befo'
It’s all about the Hamiltons, baby
Throw the snacks in a bag and I’m ghost like Swayze

[Verse 4: Andy Samberg, Chris Parnell, & Both]
Roll up to the theater; ticket buying, what we’re handlin'
You can call us Aaron Burr from the way we’re dropping Hamiltons
Now parked in our seats, movie trivia's the illest
"Which Friends alum starred in films with Bruce Willis?"
We answered so fast it was scary
Everyone stared in awe when we screamed "Matthew Perry!"
Now, quiet in the theater or it’s gonna get tragic
We’re bout to get taken to a dream world of magic, with

[Hook: Andy Samberg & Chris Parnell]
It’s the Chronic—what?—cles of Narnia
Yes, the Chronic—what?—cles of Narnia
We love that Chronic—what?—cles of Narnia
Pass that Chronic—what?—cles of Narnia