[Conversation between two men - slashes will represent relevant changes in speaker]
Hey, what a great day for a swim. / Yeah. Why are you wearing a shirt? / Too many hickeys on my neck. / Oh. The girl I was with last night scratched my back. / So you've also been having sex. / Yeah

[Rapping]
We need love, not meaningless sex
You've got a round butt? We're not impressed
So many girls wanna get in our pants
But we're not whores. We need romance

Hey girl (girl), you look good
I want you to know that I would - do you
Frequently. Like riding my hog, it's nothing to me
You're wearing a bra, but soon you won't
Call me the magic man: now you see it, now you don't

When it comes to foreplay, I can take for hours
Say "Do I make you horny, baby?" - Austin Powers
My ocean's got motion, but also girth;
The closest thing you'll feel to giving birth

I'm a butt man / and I like boobs
Put them together, and we like you
I don't care that you're overweight
I see your soul, and you look great
We love all colors, shapes, and sizes
Except Steve's new girlfriend, who's a fucking slut!

We need love, not meaningless sex
You've got a round butt? We're not impressed
Just two Don Juans looking for amour;
It could be you if you're not a whore

I'm Guy #1, I'll massage your back
Or if you prefer, I'll squeeze your rack
If it's your time of the month, I'll call it a night
I'm Guy #2, I don't run red lights

If I was with you, I'd need at least 10 rubbers
Your poo-tang stank, I don't need another lover
/ I wear condoms too, but when they break, it's bad
Take you to the clinic, I can't be no dad

Cause we're the freaks of the industry
You a freak, Guy 1? / Oh you got that, G
What about you, Guy 2? / Yes. Me. Too

I always get consent before I screw
I'm not a guy who's gonna rape you
Champagne, waterbed, satin covers;
There you have it - another satisfied lover (x5)

We need love, not meaningless sex
You got a round butt? We're not impressed
We're two Cassanovas, not pieces of meat
But pull down our pants, you'll like what you see