L.I.F.E. Long & Bunty Beats ft. Prince Po and Poison Pen - “Monster Mash (Bonus Remix)”
[Emcee(s): Prince Po, L.I.F.E. Long, and Poison Pen]
[Producer(s): Bunty Beats]
[Scratches: Bunty Beats]

[Hook: Samples with Scratches by Bunty Beats]
“The smooth criminal on beat breaks” - Sample from Nas - "N.Y. State of Mind"
“Never put me in your box if your shit eats tapes” - Sample from Nas - "N.Y. State of Mind"
"See, with the pen, I'm extreme” - Sample from Nas - "N.Y. State of Mind"
"See, with the pen, I'm extreme” - Sample from Nas - "N.Y. State of Mind"

[Verse 1: Prince Po]
Po remain driven—Panamera precision
Exquisite handling from this hand-of-terror division
Niggas is scrambling hard, trying to manage their living.  The
Damaging got ‘em scarred, barred behind religion’s façade
My prism is spirituality-risen
Evolved, wealth promised in present, super-stealth is my squad
Light years of improvement breaking these brutal laws
Ice spears is the movement, food from the gods
My groove got you cruising on Mars with no need for cou-
-pons or watercolor raps from these lukewarms
Claiming they’re hot, getting bread, but they’re croutons
Fold ‘em up like a futon.  Black Jimmy Neutron
We’re renegades, spinning blades in this tender age
Inspiration from center stage.  These cowards are still afraid
We got the seeds on their P’s and Q’s, getting A’s
L.I.F.E. Long, Prince Po.  Boy, still getting paid

[Hook: Samples with Scratches by Bunty Beats] (x2)
“The smooth criminal on beat breaks” - Sample from Nas - "N.Y. State of Mind"
“Never put me in your box if your shit eats tapes” - Sample from Nas - "N.Y. State of Mind"
"See, with the pen, I'm extreme” - Sample from Nas - "N.Y. State of Mind"
"See, with the pen, I'm extreme” - Sample from Nas - "N.Y. State of Mind"

[Verse 2: L.I.F.E. Long]
Go hard.  Turnt up, spit in your face
So disrespectful, saliva flung into space
Aerial with airplay, rotation on airwaves.  We’re
Airplanes, concourse locomotion through winds, jet
Propellers spins all-city, good in any hood or maps
International with passports stamped.  We’re global
Plus local.  Flamethrowers watered down past
The limit, coastal, highly flammable with the rhymes sprayed
Like aerosol, ignite the scene with that pure kero-
-sene water.  I’m crossing all state lines and borders
Hold enough bars like hoarders across Four Corners
Traveling over American, Scottish, African, European
Scandinavian waters.  Worldwide floor, I’m out
Here in your atmosphere [?] from
Magic out of nowhere.  Smooth mind of a criminal with a
Pencil bodied instrumentals—chalk it out, outlined stencil

[Hook: Samples with Scratches by Bunty Beats] (x2)
“The smooth criminal on beat breaks” - Sample from Nas - "N.Y. State of Mind"
“Never put me in your box if your shit eats tapes” - Sample from Nas - "N.Y. State of Mind"
"See, with the pen, I'm extreme” - Sample from Nas - "N.Y. State of Mind"
"See, with the pen, I'm extreme” - Sample from Nas - "N.Y. State of Mind"

[Verse 3: Poison Pen]
Yo, bag bitches in Gore-Tex
Extort niggas, report back.  Authentic
Brooklyn.  Remember that [?]?
Our syllabus all facts.  Authentic hoodlums
Milligrams, crush ‘em.  Heighten all the violence
Instagram pussy—tap it twice if I like it
(Team Homi) Tap it twice if I like it
The best of both worlds, I’m a hybrid
(Talk to ‘em) Rowdy energy, lot of similes
(And?) Shots of Hennessey, spotty memory
O.G. on the same old ave each day
With 45’s like an old-ass DJ
In this for dog years.  Be here for more years
This game’s a knockoff.  Y’all come if my cock’s soft
I’m from Nostrand (N.A. Rock) out to the
Chicken spot closing back ‘fore that shit open

[Hook: Samples with Scratches by Bunty Beats] (x2)
“The smooth criminal on beat breaks” - Sample from Nas - "N.Y. State of Mind"
“Never put me in your box if your shit eats tapes” - Sample from Nas - "N.Y. State of Mind"
"See, with the pen, I'm extreme” - Sample from Nas - "N.Y. State of Mind"
"See, with the pen, I'm extreme” - Sample from Nas - "N.Y. State of Mind"

[Outro: Samples with Scratches by Bunty Beats]
"See, with the pen, I'm extreme” - Sample from Nas - "N.Y. State of Mind" (x8)