O.C. ft. Prince Po - “No Main Topic (Original Mix)”
[Emcee(s): O.C.]
[Producer(s): DJ Ogee]
[Additional Vocals: Prince Po]
[Sample (Melody): Duke Ellington - “Gong”]

[Intro: Prince Po]
One time.  One time.  Check it out.  O.C.  “No Main Topic.”  Can you visualize?  Where’s your optic?  We do it like this, representing, letting you know it doesn’t even matter.  Skills and skills.  It’s straight up and down, and don’t even ask, “Why?”  Check it out.  You know why?

[Verse 1: O.C.]
Uh
I never ran from a man unless Clyde
Get cocked in my face.  I’ll dash before the (*Gunshot*)
Dissed the sister ‘cause she didn't like you, mister
Bust your ego on down like a blister
The party was packed.  In fact, black ladies with
Back were stacked inside of the place like flapjacks
First of all, what you call hardcore?  Who's
Hardcore?  I gets grit in your teeth and lock in your jaw
Mess hall is filled with crooks and criminals
Ill type of characters giving up ill subliminals
Get nostalgia from a rhyme that I wrote long
Time ago and found this place.  I figured, “Who would know?”
The body’s a poem.  Talking ‘bout the mind more
Powerful than anything known to mankind.  My
Flight has begun—stand clear of the runway
The only way I see you killing me is with gunplay
In many ways and more, peeps die in the raw
Flip the word around, now “raw” spells “war”
Never could I kill a man to fill a void
A prosperous life, he gets burnt like phosphorous
Crooked your face from the slap of my base in your
Grill piece.  You're the lamb I took fleece from
You underestimate the quest of fate
Destined for a date with O.C. the Great
Ruling benevolence over a girl named Evelyn
Getting woman to suck cedar my field of medicine
Fuck the ones who adjourned my concern with all-
-out conceit.  I’ll cop the Ogee beats
Balance, not bullets.  The world is already full of
Nonsense, so I’ll contribute to your conscience
O. raise up the kicks, pop back in the
Disc, make it feel as though the slapping of a fist
Flip verses, skip curses, dodge
Hearses, collect fat purses, stay surface
Above the dead planet, Earth of granite
A thousand emcees of my sex is satanic
I'm sticking to my comments, never rap nonsense
The metaphoric title of my table of contents
Is logic.  There’s such thing as modern, out and achieve
But some are still deadweight, rock-bottom
Talking shhh, sparking for nothing, barking up the
Wrong damn tree, homie.  Slice cold-bluffing
Alas, ain't nothing mashing just for fashion
What's the object?  It's, like, no main topic

[Outro: Prince Po]
“No Main Topic.”  We do it just like this.  One
Time for your mind, reminisce back
When it didn’t matter.  You gotta come with the
Lyrics, uplifting your spirits with no tricks
No gimmicks.  O.C. doubly bringing trouble
G, as we do it like this.  Ha.  One
Time for your mind.  Feel it.  We do it
Just like this, uh.  Main focus on the rhyme
Ha, yes.  One time, O-
-G-and-double-E.  We do it like
This: one, two, three, four
And I ain’t even do it just like this.  Who’s
Behind me?  It’s the organisms.  One time, repre-
-senting.  We do it like this.  Who’s inventing?  It’s the
O-to-the-C-to-the-E and the extra
Do it like this, uh, for sex-ah
Hahahahaha-ah-ah
Hah.  One time.  Uh
Check it.  Uh.  Uh
Uh.  Come on
Uh.  Uh
“No Main Topic.”  Uh.  “No
Main Topic.”  We do it just like this.  One
Time.  Uh, uh
Hey, O, no question.  We do it
Just like this.  Uh, check it
Check it.  One time for your mind
We do it just like this.  O.C.’s on the
Rhyme.  No, no, we can’t
Uh, or should I say “shan’t”?
Ick.  O.C. is the sure shit
No question.  One time, representing
On the nine-four for the niggas in the South Side