O.C. ft. Prince Po - “No Main Topic”
[Emcee(s): O.C.]
[Producer(s): DJ Ogee]
[Additional Vocals: Prince Po]
[Sample (Melody): Duke Ellington - “Gong”]

[Intro]
E: Yo, O, pick up the phone.  It’s E
O: Yo, yo, what up, E?  What up?
E: Yo, what’s going on, kid?
O: Chilling, man, what’s going on with you?
E: Yo, you heard the O.C. shit?
O: Yeah, yeah, that shit is flavor, kid.  What’s the word?  Yo, yo
E: Yo
O: Man, yo, well, talk to you later, man

[Verse 1: O.C.]
Uh
I never ran from a man unless Clyde
Get cocked in my face.  I’ll dash before the (*Gunshot*)
Dissed the sister ‘cause she didn’t like you, mister
Bust your ego on down like a blister
The party was packed.  In fact, black ladies with
Back were stacked inside of the place like flapjacks
First of all, what you call hardcore?  Who’s
Hardcore?  I gets grit in your teeth and lock in your jaw
Mess hall is filled with crooks and criminals
Ill type of characters giving up ill subliminals
Get nostalgia from a rhyme that I wrote long
Time ago and found this place.  I figured, “Who would know?”
The body’s a poem.  Talking ‘bout the mind more
Powerful than anything known to mankind.  My
Flight has begun—stand clear of the runway
The only way I see you killing me is with gunplay
In many ways and more, peeps die in the raw
Flip the word around, now “raw” spells “war”
Never could I kill a man to fill a void
A prosperous life, he gets burnt like phosphorous
Crooked your face from the slap of my base in your
Grill piece.  You’re the lamb I took fleece from
You underestimate the quest of fate
Destined for a date with O.C. the Great
Ruling benevolence over a girl named Evelyn
Getting woman to suck cedar my field of medicine
Fuck the ones who adjourned my concern with all-
-out conceit.  I’ll cop the Ogee beats
Balance, not bullets.  The world is already full of
Nonsense, so I’ll contribute to your conscience
O. raise up the kicks, pop back in the
Disc, make it feel as though the slapping of a fist
Flip verses, skip curses, dodge
Hearses, collect fat purses, stay surface
Above the dead planet, Earth of granite
A thousand emcees of my sex is satanic
I’m sticking to my comments, never rap nonsense
The metaphoric title of my table of contents
Is logic.  There’s such thing as modern, out and achieve
But some are still deadweight, rock-bottom
Talking shhh, sparking for nothing, barking up the
Wrong damn tree, homie.  Slice cold-bluffing
Alas, ain’t nothing mashing just for fashion
What’s the object?  It’s, like, no main topic

[Outro: Prince Po]
No doubt, baby pop, we do it like
This, uh, nonstop.  One time
We gotta rock, O.C. for the ‘94
Flavor, we do it like this, sending your whole
Career to the grave.  One time for your mind
Going back to the lyrics with no tricks
Uplifting your spirits with no gimmicks, we do it
Just like this one time, uh
The nest is in effect, we do it like this
Prince Po’ll catch wreck one time with no main
Topic
I’ll break it down like that