[Interlude 1]
Much love to all the DJs who showed us love on Absolute Power, man
Well here comes Tecca Ninna
Imma tell, and I'm a playa
Hey Rob, turn me up, man, so I can get this poppin' in and out, man!

[Verse 1]
I started small time rap game, that's pain
IcyRoc school of rap, I'm never wack, mane
Had no jewelry, I was broke, but I was rhyming hard
So now you see me and I swerve with bodyguards
Quick hasty, player haters, they face be
Wop-bobba-loo-bop-popped, we off safety
Cops know we do got knots, we lock pastries
Shock on a new hot knock, Rick Rock made me
Squat in a new drop-top, they got shaky
Pa'tners and crew got hot, you shop Macy's
Cops know that you got spots and got babies
Shots poppin', your ma's loft is not tasty
Plots on the new block, hops, you can't race me
Top scholar who got props, I got [?]
Stop talkin', you not hot, do not wake me
If you got doo-wops, that does not make me money

[Interlude 2]
Hahaha, that's beautiful!
Another Rick Rocker
If you want it, you gotta go get it
Midwest, dirty south, east and west coast, feel this, man, this history in the making
Come on

[Verse 2]
Park it, so much power, you can't stop this
Watch list, that's why I stopped jumpin' in mosh pits
Jock this, fella who sell a lotta, that's awk-wihd
Hotness, toxic, homie, how can you not get profits?
So much fetti, baby, the cops get obnoxious
Seeing my merchandise come in boxes
They hopped this status cuz me and Travis are bosses
Frostbit, the ritz, glitz, lights, it cost it
Watch, when I drop this, everybody gon' cop this
Overseas creeds of many vanilla and chocolates
Gimme pennies and twenties, skinny minis and oxes
Big women can get it, admit you hit it for knocks, trip
If you got spit, know that you can get relish
But if you sell it, just be ready when the spot hit
All the beef we got, we ain't squashed it
Cause they know we permanent currency and we got this (money!)

[Interlude 3]
Yeah
I'mma dedicate this last verse
To the late, great Mac Dre, man
We're gonna keep that thizzle dance cracking for you, baby!
And sideshow every chance we get!
Rest in peace, regime life 'til I die!

[Verse 3]
Furied in Missouri; outside it, nobody knew me
Having no broccoli wasn't groovy
So I had to move to L-(scratch)-A
You got to sell away
So you can get the bills to pay
Cause everybody fails to pay
When you're not a
Rapper who got a lotta
Money or women who steady in them Guccis and Pradas
You just a lowlife maggot gettin' money from Mama
And when you broke, all you gettin' is drama
The world's piranhas if you a big fish
Because they nibble and nibble until you die
Buggin' you 'til you buy
That's why we be stressin', poppin', puffin' until we high
Hysterical cause miracles need wings to fly
My God!
You can put this off in your iPod
After you cop it, cause droppin' rockin's is my job
Look at my wallet, you got it? I keep a nice wad
Gettin' bitches and dissin' bitches like Ty Cobb

[Interlude 4]
This is Everready: The Religion
Strange Music, 2005
Tech N9ne, baby
Feel it