[Verse 1: Tinie Tempah]
Far from a rookie, man I'm far from an amateur
Rappers hit the booth and then they turn into characters
Word to my record label, word to my manager
Life is like a fucking red number in a calendar
Every day a holiday, I'm buttoned up, my collar straight
We Disturbing London make them niggas do geography
Same Nikes on but nigga mine are different colour, wait
Now my face up in the Source and I ain't talking hollandaise
Yeah I just shitted on 'em
I like my women nice and thick with no knickers on 'em
Every message on my phone has got some kisses on 'em
All my shows sold out, no tickets for 'em
All them niggas is my sons (is my sons)
I just shitted on 'em, I got the runs
All I see is numbers, nigga sums
I number two'd on number two, one

[Verse 2: Nicki Minaj]
All these bitches is my sons
And I'mma go and get some bibs for 'em
A couple formulas, little pretty lids on 'em
If I had a dick, I would pull it out and piss on 'em
Let me shake it off
I just signed a couple deals I might break you off
And we ain't making up I don't need a mediator
Just let them bums blow steam - radiator

[Hook: Nicki Minaj (Ad-Libs)]
(That was a earthquake, bitch!) Shitted on 'em
(You felt the ground shake, right?) Man I just shitted on 'em
(You bitches ain't fucking with her!) Shitted on 'em
(You must of -- Aaaah!) Put yo' number two's in the air if you did it on 'em
(You must've lost your fucking mind!) Shitted on 'em
(You must've bumped your fucking head!) Man I just shitted on 'em
(You crazy, stupid, ugly, monkey-looking bitches!)
Shitted on 'em, put yo' number two's in the air if you did it on 'em

[Verse 3: Nicki Minaj]
This stone is flawless: F1
I keep shooters up top in the F1
A lot of bad bitches beggin' me to eff one
But I'mma eat them rap bitches when the chef come
Throw some fresh one's
More talent in my mu'fuckin left thumb
She ain't a Nicki fan then the bitch def dumb
You ain't my son you my muthafuckin step-son

[Hook 2: Nicki Minaj (Ad-Libs)]
(I don't know what layaway look like!) Shitted on 'em
(Bitch, I can't even spell welfare!) Man I just shitted on 'em
(You got me mistaken with your mother, ho!) Shitted on 'em
(You bitches at the bottom of the totem pole!)
Put yo' number two's in the air if you did it on 'em
(We at the top bitch - G5) Shitted on 'em
(Louis Vuitton everything, bitch!) Man I just shitted on 'em
(Gucci - we don't fuck with it, it's too cheap, motherfucker!)
(You bitches - Ahhhh Man!)
Shitted on 'em, put yo' number two's in the air if you did it on 'em