[Intro]
Know what I'm sayin'?
Bad bitch to the left
Real niggas to the right, ya dig?
Ha, yeah

[Chorus]
I can't trust all these bitches (I don't), all they want is money (they what?)
Bad back baby girl, nah you not my honey (oh man god damn)
Yeah, all my homies turnin' phony for some money (they what? Huh)
Yeah, all my homies turnin' funny for some money (yeah)
But I blew it, ran through it, yeah I had to do it (ooh, yeah I had to do it)
Got a Glock with a 50, boy don't make me do it (bow, bow, bow)
Yeah, don't make me shoot you (ooh, huh, what, yeah)
I will shoot you, Deadpool (Deadpool, huh, what)
Swimmin' in the pool (drop, what, what)
Swimmin' in the pool, you a fool (you a fool, hah, hah)
And my pockets all blue (them hundreds, what?)
I was trappin' right out the school (hah, trap, trap)

[Verse]
Now I'm sellin' out at shows, I ain't gotta do no more (what?)
I was wearin' the same clothes, wearin' Girbauds (say that again, ha what?)
Ha, I was wearin' the same clothes, wearin' Girbauds (I was, ooh)
Ha, I was sleepin' on the floor, kickin' doors (yeah, what?)
But I stopped (but I stopped)
Thank god, had to make a knot (had to thank god)
Trappin' on the block (ooh, what? Trappin' on the block)
No Swiper, you can call me the fox (ha, yeah, Dexter)

[Chorus]
I can't trust all these bitches, all they want is money (yeah, what?)
Bad back baby girl, nah you not my honey (baby, what?)
Yeah, all my homies turnin' phony for some money (huh, what, yeah)
Yeah, all my homies turnin' funny for some money (oh man god damn)
But I blew it, ran through it, yeah I had to do it (ha, yeah I had to do it)
Got a Glock with a 50, boy don't make me do it (bow, bow, bow)
Yeah, don't make me shoot you (huh, what, ha, ooh)
I will shoot you, Deadpool (Deadpool, huh, what)
Swimmin' in the pool (swimmin' in the pool, what)
Swimmin' in the pool, you a fool (hah, hah, you a fool)
And my pockets all blue (trap, trap, trap)
I was trappin' right out the school (trap, trap, trap)

[Outro]
Yeah, I was trappin' right out the school
I fuck your lil' bitch, I swear she do
Can't fuck with these niggas, they all fu
Yeah, Dexter