[Intro]
Dexter
Read about it (y'know what I'm sayin'?)
Take a book out, take the dictionary out (ya dig?)
Dexter
Y'know what I'm sayin'?
Y'know what I'm sayin'? Leavin' a puddle everywhere, ya dig?
Yeah, leave that puddle, bitch, ha
Had to leave a puddle, ooh, what?
Dexter, yeah, ooh, yeah
I don't love the bitch (leave a puddle, what? Y'know what I'm sayin'?)
Huh, ooh, what
Yeah, what

[Chorus]
I know she love me, but I don't love the bitch (but I don't love the bitch)
Got diamonds on my chain (what), but I flood the wrist (had to flood the wrist)
I'm in love with the money (what), I don't love the bitch (I don't love the bitch)
That lil' bitch said she hungry, grew up hungry bitch (I grew up hungry, bitch)
Then I hopped in my Porsche, yeah I love the whip (skrrt, skrrt skrrt)
And she love the whip (ooh, what?)
She can't ride in it (she can't ride in it, Dexter)

[Verse]
Ooh, just bought a Bentley truck, she can't ride in it (ooh, what? Skrrt skrrt)
But she love the whip (she what?)
Suck me in my whip, huh (yeah, Dexter)
Diamonds on my wrist, you know I had to flood the shit (ooh, had to flood the shit)
Never lackin' bitch, .30 extra clip, huh (what)
Wait, huh, what, took her on a date, sike (took her on a date, sike, what, yeah, huh)
Ooh, diamonds dancin' like Mike, huh (yeah)
Wearin' Off-White, huh
Fly as a kite, huh (fly as a kite)
So long cold ice, huh
No more drinkin' Sprite (no more drinkin' Sprite, bitch)
Yeah, fuck that bitch, I get her gone (then I get her gone)
Ooh, huh, yeah, she chokin' dancin' to my song (to my songs, yeah)
Had to get her gone, huh (had to get her gone, yeah)
Please don't call my phone, huh (please don't call my phone)
I don't wanna bone, huh (I don't wanna bone)
Bitch, I'm home alone, yeah (yeah, Dexter, what)

[Chorus]
I know she love me, but I don't love the bitch (I don't love the bitch)
Got diamonds on my chain, but I flood the wrist (had to flood it)
I'm in love with the money, I don't love the bitch, huh (y'know what I'm sayin'?)
That lil' bitch said she hungry, grew up hungry bitch (yeah, Dexter)
Then I hopped in my Porsche, yeah I love the whip (skrrt, skrrt skrrt)
And she love the whip (she what?)
She can't ride in it (she can't ride in it, huh, bitch)