[Intro]
Yo, what the—yo, what the fuck?
Ayy, yo what the fuck is this?
What? Oh, [?] on the beat
Cut me up sis, esketit
Woo

[Chorus]
I used to do flick of the wrist, now I be playin' with them bricks (I be playin' with them bricks)
My plug got kis of that shit (what?), my auntie just want her a sniff (she just want a what?)
My .30 just came with a knife, be cool or your lip will get split (or your lip will get split)
Lil' bro used to play with them nicks, now he just moved to them zips (now he just moved to them zips)

[Verse]
That Ruger just came with the clips, I'm shootin' like Larry, don't miss (like Larry, don't miss)
I'm ballin' like Blake on the Clips, I fuck on your bitch and she dip (on your bitch and she dip)
She only want some of my chips, stupid ass bitch is you slick? (Bitch is you slick?)
She stealin', I her a lip, my .40 it shoot like Smith (.40 it shoot like Smith)
Wait, gotta turn it up (what?)
Let me get a blunt, then I burn it up (I burn it up)
Got a bad bitch in the passenger (the passenger)
She gon' suck or fuck, then I give her up (I give her up)
If I catch a opp, then I wet him up (I wet him up)
Shoot him like a movie, then I wet him up (I wet him up)
Smoke him like a dutch, he another blunt (another blunt)
Put him in a truck, I don't give a fuck (esketit)
I think I'm goin' crazy, they say I'm like [?], I been poppin' pills lately (I been poppin' pills lately)
My bitch said she Haitian, my weed is Jamaican, I'm runnin' for mayor George [?] (like mayor like what?)
I know that you hatin', I know that you fakin', you run up I turn you to bacon (I turn you to bacon)
I know it's my time, I know it's my time, my moment, they said just be patient (esketit, esketit)
I used to live right in the 'jects [?]
I grew up by [?], I had a lil' jugg and finesse (I had a lil' jugg and finesse)
I took a man down for his check (what?), my momma said "son, you a mess" (son, you a mess)
But momma yo' son ain't no hoe, I had to go hit me a lick (had to hit me a lick)

[Interlude]
Wait, wait, hold on, hold on
Ayy Marcus, pass—pass me the blunt right quick
Ayy twin
Call all the bitches
Matter of fact, fuck that
Ayy sis, take it back from the top
Turn it up
Esketit, esketit

[Chorus]
I used to do flick of the wrist, now I be playin' with them bricks (I be playin' with them woo)
My plug got kis of that shit (what?), my auntie just want her a sniff (she just want a what?)
My .30 just came with a knife, be cool or your lip will get split (or your lip will get split)
Lil' bro used to play with them nicks, now he just moved to them zips (now he just moved to them zips)
Woo, esketit