[Intro]
Dexter, ha
Lemme save you
Ha, baby lemme save you (save you, ha)
Ha, yeah, ha, baby girl lemme save you
Ridin' in the car, it’s a space coupe
Ha, what? (oh damn, goddamn)

[Chorus]
Ooo, baby girl lemme save you (lemme save you)
Ha, hop up in my car, it's a space coupe (skrt)
Ha, yeah, all these niggas turn to food
I just run into the money and it's all blue
Wait, baby hop up in the space coupe (skrt)
Ha, can’t [?] wit' them 'cause they so fool ('cause they so fool)
Ha, you know my money come in all blue (come in all blue)
I remembers days I was broke up in school (ha, what?)

[Verse 1]
Ha, remembers days I was broke
Yeah I got a white bitch and I'm swear she do coke, yeah
Yeah I popped me a mid, now a nigga gotta float (what?)
If you run up on me I swear to god get a tote (oh yeah, goddamn)
Ha, I got my toaster, it's in the holster
Ooo, you wanna run up? I swear I'll burn ya
Ha, I'm smokin’ Naja, you know it’s Ganja
Ooo, you was a sucker, you was a buster
Ha, a bad bitch and yeah she like that
Ooo, she suck a dick but I don't bite back
Ooo, you run up on me, yeah I fight back
Glock 4 waste, ha, yeah I swipe that
Ha, ha, ooo, yeah shake it
Bad bitch and wit’ her friend 'cause she basic
Ooo, bruh I wanna see you naked
Pop a couple whole pills, swear to god you gotta taste it (bitch)

[Chorus]
Baby girl lemme save you (lemme save you)
Ha, hop up in my car, it's a space coupe (skrt)
Ha, yeah, all these niggas turn to food
I just run into the money and it's all blue
Wait, baby hop up in the space coupe (skrt)
Ha, can’t [?] wit' them 'cause they so fool ('cause they so fool)
Ha, you know my money come in all blue (come in all blue)
I remembers days I was broke up in school (ha)

[Verse 2]
I remember days broke up in the school
I done had a bad bitch, swear she is cool, ooo
I remember days I was runnin' from the pool
Nigga could've jumped me right up at the pool
But I got me a gun now, I ain't dumb now
You run up on me, swear to God, you get dumbed down
What, I swear to God you get gunned down
Lost that boy, what? and I lost it and it's found
Got a bad bitch and I swear she gon' drown
Ridin' downtown yeah I'm ridin' 'round my town
Ridin' 'round, what? yeah, feelin' real good, yeah
I wish a nigga would, yeah, a nigga from the hood, yeah
Bitch hold on, yeah, like that, ah yeah, like that
Who? She wanna bite back and I don't bite back
Huh, you wanna fight that but I don't fight back
Huh, I got my strap on me and nigga fight that

[Outro]
Ha, baby girl lemme save you
Hop up in my coupe, in the space coupe, yuh
And my money come in all blue (huh, yeah)
Ha, ooo, baby girl lemme save you
Ha, baby girl lemme save you
Hop up in my coupe, in the space coupe
Ha, all these niggas turnin' so fool
Ha, yeah, ha, yeah
Ha, all these niggas turnin' so fool
Ha, baby girl lemme save you
Ha, hop up in my car, it's a space coupe
Ha, yeah my money come in all blue
All the squad ridin' wit' a 2, had me fooled
Come slide, yeah I'm [?]
I can't trust a nigga 'cause he so fool, ooo
What? yeah
Ha, sippin' on lean like the best, ha
Dexter