[Intro]
Yeah (what)
Dexter
Ha
What
Oh man god damn (huh, ha)
Off a Perc, I might slap a nigga (on a Perc, what)
Nigga talkin' tough, I swear to god got that ratchet, nigga (know what I'm sayin'?)
Yeah, what (in the streets on a Perc, you don't give a fuck what you do)
Hold on, huh, yeah, huh, ooh (yeah, what)

[Chorus]
Off a Perc, I might slap a nigga (ooh, slap, what)
Yeah, nigga talkin' tough, I swear to god I might whack a nigga (what, bow, bow)
Two Glocks and it's clappin', nigga (it's what, yeah)
And your bitch set you up, swear to god, yeah she got you, nigga (oh man god damn)
Yeah, I might just clap a nigga (I'll just clap a nigga)
Yeah, ride with two Glocks, swear to god I been clappin' niggas (what, skrr skrr, skrr skrr)
Yeah, and I got my ratchet, nigga (got my what?)
Yeah, your bitch set you up, swear to god you a sucka, nigga (yeah, oh man god damn)

[Verse 1]
Yeah, ride around ratchet, ride around town (skrr, skrr skrr)
Yeah, and I keep my Draco, and it's goin' down (huh, it's goin' down, what)
Yeah, keep the ratchet with me (my ratchet with me)
Yeah, run up on him, oh boo what happened to him? (bow, bow, bow, bow)
Ha, I was speedin', doin' the dash, coppers on my ass (skrr skrr, skrr skrr)
But I'm always in the Lamb, so I'm gone real fast, ooh (skrr skrr, skrr skrr)
You can catch me if you can, ha (what)
Uh, bitch I'm the gingerbread man, ha
Yeah, Dexter (what, Dexter)
Ha, ooh, shout out to my plug, Hector (ooh, huh, yeah, Hector)
Ooh, all these other niggas catch up
Ha, what? Yeah, really make 'em catch up
Ha, what? Stupid motherfucker (yeah, lil' bitch, what)

[Chorus]
Off a Perc, I might slap a nigga (ooh)
Yeah, nigga talkin' tough, I swear to god I might whack a nigga (know what I'm sayin'? bow, bow)
Two Glocks and it's clappin', nigga (know what I'm sayin'? two Glocks, bitch)
And your bitch set you up, swear to god, yeah she got you, nigga (uh, what)
Yeah, I might just clap a nigga (yeah)
Yeah, ride with two Glocks, swear to god I been clappin' niggas (skrr, skrr skrr)
Yeah, and I got my ratchet, nigga (yeah)
Yeah, your bitch set you up, swear to god you a sucka, nigga (Dexter)

[Verse 2]
[?] set you up, you a sucka, you a lame motherfucker (you a sucka, what)
Yeah I heard you wanted trouble (ha)
Heard you on the internet, boy you was bluffin' (what)
When I caught you in real life, you ain't do nothin', ha (lil' bitch)
Yeah, stop riding to the fuckin' fame, people (ha, what)
Yeah, I'm just gettin' all of the money, people (ha, yeah)
Yeah, yeah, diamonds in my chain, nigga (yeah, what)
Ha, ridin' around in a stupid Range, nigga (skrr, skrr skrr)
Yeah, two bitches suck me, give me, toppy, had to go (ooh, give me toppy, had to go)
Had to kick them bitches out, yeah sloppy joe (what, yeah)
Ha, I might take your boo, ha (yeah, yeah)
I'll see you later, lil' boo, ha (bye, lil' boo)
Yeah, Dexter
Yeah, ridin' around the city (skrr)
Ha, gold on my chain like I'm P. Diddy, ha (like I'm P. Diddy, yeah, what)
Yeah, and a nigga actin' silly, got the .50 (huh)
Yeah, and a nigga got the semi-automatic, what, yeah (what, yeah, what, ooh)
Yeah, this shit is getting tragic (gettin' what, ooh)
Yeah, bad bitch, she swear she comin' after me (ooh, baby nah, huh, what)
Yeah, but I can't trust her
Yeah, swear to god, may best bust her (oh man god damn)
Yeah, bitch

[Chorus]
Off a Perc, I might slap a nigga (slap a nigga)
Yeah, nigga talkin' tough, I swear to god I might whack a nigga (know what I'm sayin'? whack yo' bitch ass)
Two Glocks and it's clappin', nigga (bow, bow)
And your bitch set you up, swear to god, yeah she got you, nigga (she what?)
Yeah, I might just clap a nigga (ooh)
Yeah, ride with two Glocks, swear to god I been clappin' niggas (I might what?)
Yeah, and I got my ratchet, nigga (yeah, yeah)
Yeah, your bitch set you up, swear to god you a sucka, nigga (oh man god damn, Dexter)