[Hook: Nanks]
VVS frozen, all of my diamonds are moody
VVS frozen, all of my diamonds are moody
VVS frozen, all of my diamonds are moody yeah
VVS frozen, yeah, VVS frozen

[Verse 1: Nanks]
Fendi all up on my face yeah
Ferragamo on my waist yeah
Just pick a time and a place
But you better not make a mistake
Cause she be dropping the AK
Lowkey not killer but dope play
Fifteen hundred bought a [?] chain
Balmain been rocking I'm doing my thing like
Diamonds on my thing
I been doing my thing

[Pre-Hook: Nanks]
VVS's on my chain
I've been doing my thing
I've been doing my thing
I've been doing my thing
I've been doing my thing
I've been doing my thing
VVS's on my chain
I've been doing my thing
I've been doing my thing

[Hook: Nanks]
VVS frozen, all of my diamonds are moody
VVS frozen, all of my diamonds are moody
VVS frozen, all of my diamonds are moody yeah
VVS frozen, yeah, VVS frozen

[Verse 2: Rich the Kid and Reggie Mills]
VVS that's frozen (what?)
Stunt, stunt, took your bitch I'm chosen
(I've been) rolling with the cash
In the coupe going fast (yeah)
Yeah pull up wraith (skrt), pull up masi (masi)
Might take your bitch (bitch), might fuck that ho
She gon give me sloppy woah
Yeah you know where we go
Young rich nigga in the masi' way (masi)
With a coupe full of hoes
We gone get that money way (money)
Rich forever
Yes I finna get in a two toned coupe peanut butter let it but
I got a VVS (ice)
I took your bitch get neck (bitch)
All my stains are up she wet (dog)
She a dog turn her pet (roof)
Money long make it stretch (money)
Go fetch (ya)
Young nigga with a straight up water (water)
Where I'm from we don't drive no charger (charger)
Lil steak in my bitch like a lobster (bitch)
Told the bitch go get the chopper (rich)

[Bridge: Nanks and Famous Dex]
Keyyyyyeah
I been running up a check
Me and Richy better flex
Yeah you know we do it best (what?)
Hop in the masi' with gold round my neck (yeah, Dexter)

[Hook: Nanks and Famous Dex]
VVS frozen, all of my diamonds are moody (diamonds frozen like what?)
VVS frozen, (VVS frozen like what?) all of my diamonds are moody (yeah, Dexter)
VVS frozen, (ooh, Dexter) all of my diamonds are moody yeah (ooh, Dexter)
VVS frozen, (awha? yeah) yeah, VVS frozen (aait)

[Verse 3: Famous Dex]
VVS frozen (ah-what?)
I fuck your bitch, I swear she be choosing (Dexter)
I get the money I swear you be losing (I do)
Run off on me get to shooting (you what?)
Pop me a perc man I'm boolin
I just be flirting so baby don lose it (yeah)
I got my thirty and I move em (I do)
Draco thick as cubans (what?)
I fuck your bitch in the face
Diamonds move fast you think it's a race huh (Dexter)
Call him mag man he don't play (he what?)
Cookie it come from the bay (Dexter)
I get that cake every day
Kick in his door tell him open the safe huh (what?)
If he don't pay I'll kill his bae (huh)
Not give a fuck what they say (Dexter)

[Hook: Nanks]
VVS frozen, all of my diamonds are moody
VVS frozen, all of my diamonds are moody
VVS frozen, all of my diamonds are moody yeah
VVS frozen, yeah, VVS frozen

[Verse 4: Reggie Mills]
VVS frozen, all of my diamonds are golden
VVS frozen, all of your bitches is open
VVS frozen, I am the one that is chosen
VVS frozen, I am the one with potion yeah
VVS frozen, all of your diamonds is stolen
She geeked off the molly, you know that bitch she is rolling
Dick in the mouth, than I gave her an explosion
Straight to the pussy, had that shit wet like an ocean
My money do talking, I leave that shit unspoken
She call my dick devil cause my shits the omen
VVS shining, wake you up from dosing
I leave that pussy broken
I'm in the future I left that bitch in the moment