[Intro: Rich the Kid]
You know we bommin'? (yeah)
Rich Forever Way (huuuuuh)

[Chorus: Rich the Kid]
Ayy, make my money flip it, do gymnastics (what?)
Yeah, flexin' with that rollie but it's plastic (flex! Yuh)
Real deal, pop a whole seal (lean! aye)
Dunkin' in that pussy do a windmill (bitch!)
Make my money flip it, do gymnastics (huuuuuh)
Flexin' with that rollie but it's plastic (flex! yeah)
Real deal, pop a whole seal (lean! aye)
Dunkin' in that pussy do a windmill

[Verse 1: Famous Dex]
Uh yeah, Dexter
Flexin' on that bitch 'cause I'm a bastard, (huh, ooh)
Diamonds in the choker like they are wrestling (yeah, Dexter!)
Pullin' in the lamb just me and Rich
Five bitches on my dick (they what?)
Run up on me, got my stick
Trappin on the block, I wasn't rapping
My momma kicked me out, she always snapping (she always snap)
Young Nigga don't know the rules (I did)
I was trappin' after school (you what?)
I got them hundreds they blue (ooh)
Run up on dude then I turn them to soup (i did, yeah)
Riding in the Honda they was laughing (they was laughing)
Now I pull up in the Lamb they do they math? (do the math)
I got them diamonds for real
All my diamonds on chill
I got this bitch off a pill, don't do the lean if you know its not sealed (Dexter!)

[Chorus: Rich the Kid]
Make my money flip it, do gymnastics, (what!)
Yeah, flexin' with that rollie but it's plastic, (Flex! Yuh)
Real deal, pop a whole seal, (Lean! Aye)
Dunkin' in that pussy do a windmill, (Bitch!)
Make my money flip it, do gymnastics, (Huuuuuh)
Flexin' with that rollie but it's plastic, (Flex! Yuh)
Real deal, pop a whole seal, (Lean! Aye)
Dunkin' in that pussy do a windmill, (Huuuuuh)

[Verse 2: Rich the Kid]
Look at my wrist that's a new freezer
My bitch a foreign I don't need her, (Bitch!)
Hunnid bands in a two seater
I put a Act in a two-liter, (Yuh)
Made my money do gymnastics, (Woah)
Calculator, gotta add it, (add it)
Started off trappin' with bands in the attic
Mama, she told me to pack it, (mama!)
Why you flexin' with that rollie but its plastic? (what!)
Flyin' in from Costa Rica she a bad bitch, (bad!)
The money is short, broke rappers on life support, (broke)
I stay with a fork, (fork)
Married to the kitchen, never divorce, (yuh!)
Make your bitch disappear like it was magic, (magic)
I keep flexin' on these haters it's so tragic, (flex!)
New wave, new wave. Rich Forever that's the way, (money)
Take your bitch and fuck her face, (woah)
Diamonds on me Harlem Shake  (Ice, ice)

[Chorus: Rich the Kid]
Make my money flip it, do gymnastics, (what!)
Yeah, flexin' with that rollie but it's plastic, (Flex! Yuh)
Real deal, pop a whole seal, (Lean! Aye)
Dunkin' in that pussy do a windmill, (Bitch!)
Make my money flip it, do gymnastics, (Huuuuuh)
Flexin' with that rollie but it's plastic, (Flex! Yuh)
Real deal, pop a whole seal, (Lean! Aye)
Dunkin' in that pussy do a windmill, (Hooooh)