[Intro: Gummo Sample & Mac Miller]
Damn you rabbit, you smell like fucking piss!
Yeah, no fucks when I go nuts
You can kiss my ass
Give no fucks when I go nuts
Cause I smoke dust, overdosed on the sofa, yeah
Fucking rabbit!

[Verse 1: Mac Miller]
I give no fucks when I go nuts
Cause I smoke dust, overdosed on the sofa, dead
Woke up from a coma
Poured up with a soda, smoked, went back to bed
Never thought I'd be such a loner
I tell my bitch that I fucking own her
My neighbor's daughter just got a dog
I'ma run it over, I'm a fucking soldier
So cold bro, fuck pneumonia
All my bitches got love for Sosa
I just wanna fuck Rosa Acosta
Then disappear in Southern California
Strung out to the night, I'm chilling
Everybody worried that the lights might kill them
Uh, via sight slipping
Long lines of those white women
I'm with the homies, bump Counting Crows
Just went through a half ounce of coke
Blood pouring all out my nose
Don't tell my mom I got a drug problem
I'm fucking high-ly publicized
When the sun go down, I come alive
Cause the guns go off in the summer time
The guns go off in the summer time, blaow

[Hook: Mac Miller]
This another motherfucking rap song
Broke and crazy, rich and famous doesn't last long
Spent all my cash on a broken dream
Went from weed and liquor to the coke and lean
All-all-all I got's this mansion and this potpourri
But don't I look so handsome in these Polo jeans?
Don't-don't-don't I look so handsome in these Polo jeans?
Whoa

[Interlude: Gummo Sample]
The rabbit can kiss my ass
Come on, let's go man
I hate you
Fucking rabbit! Kill his ass!
I don't like rabbits coming to my fucking house, I kill 'em

[Verse 2: Earl Sweatshirt]
I blow a spliff before the ink dries on the paper
And lately, I don't like shit, I been inside on the daily
Getting wasted as the time that I'm spending high and sedated
I'm putting five in his face, because we don't buy into bullshit
As soon as it's flashing lights then it's kush to hide in the bushes
I do this shit out of spite cause there's niggas that overlooked me
Forever, I'm more content with dark and stormier weather
Flip the fucking cross on your rosary, we supposed to be better
But here's a toast to your efforts
And don't approach me with nothing that isn't money or breakfast
I'm close to choking a pussy, pussy
Sweaty Man, you best had bet your bottom dollar on him
With a couple niggas, weighing sess like it's a lot of options
15 on me for soda and swishers
And who's the shit, a bag of chips and a colon decleanser?
I'm over bitches trying to act like I owe 'em a picture
Rather introduce these hoes to Vince who could show you a pistol
Listen, ST was the older initials
Been rap game tighter than boa constrictors
Rolling stone like a boulder raving
I'm so impatient and going dumb as
Disclosing my fucking home location to total strangers
No love in my heart for coppers, blood from my lungs on the sink
Cashing out off the garments, the artist, fuck what you think
The sky'll turn black and the carrions could pick
At my flesh when I rest, tell 'em bury me adrift

[Hook: Mac Miller]
This another motherfucking rap song
Broke and crazy, rich and famous doesn't last long
Spent all my cash on a broken dream
Went from weed and liquor to the coke and lean
All-all-all I got's this mansion and this potpourri
But don't I look so handsome in these Polo jeans?
Don't-don't-don't I look so handsome in these Polo jeans?
Whoa

[Outro: Ab-Soul]
It's the official drug user, Soulo
It's Ab-Soul, jack... listen, yo!

[Excerpt: Gummo Sample]
No you didn't!
Yes I did!
He looks like a queer rabbit!
He can kiss my ass!
Rabbits are queers! They always gotta shit on themselves!
Awh those are the queer-ass rabbits!
Look at these little fag bunny ears
Fucking rabbit! I'm sick and tired of it, this shitty-ass rabbit stinks! Smells like pussy! He smells like an asshole! Smells like wet-back dick!
He smells like a bunch of bullshit!
Is it dead?
I dunno but I'm finna make sure
*continuous gun firing*