[Intro: Ab-Soul]
Ain't no sitting down in here, my nigga
Yeah, hahahahah
Yeah, keep sayin', oh I think niggas is laughing at me
That's right, make that spooky shit
Yo, yo-yo-yo-yo-yo-yo-yo-yo, look-look
I ride slow

[Verse 1: Ab-Soul]
These rhythms of visions of me living colossal
Ahead of my time, in time you'll find that I'm a fossil
Know not what I do, Lord do you have mercy on my soul?
Far as I know, I'm a poet or in an apostle
Smoking my 'dro, smell the aroma on my clothes
Rose from the dirt, so I'm down to Earth, oh, I know
You made a few bucks now you feel buck, your chains gold
My shades all black, I can do this with a blindfold
This ain't rap, this is find a mine in your mind blow
Your brains back out of your wave cap, I don't know Tae-Bo
But I kick that, you're a Kit-Kat
Life's sweet but, way down the line, you're just a snack

[Hook: Earl Sweatshirt & Ab-Soul]
It gets cold on the road to the riches (yeah, I ride slow)
The cars and the clothes is expensive (yo, I ride slow)
These hoes with they nose in my business (yeah, I ride slow)
Nigga (yo, I ride slow)
These rhythms of visions of me living colossal
Ahead of my time, in time you'll find that I'm a fossil
Yo-yo-yo-yo-yo-yo-yo-yo
Yo-yo-yo-yo, yo-yo, yo (insane in the membrane!)

[Verse 2: Ab-Soul]
I ride slow, live fast, small time to big cash
Cut corners, cut loose, cut class, fuck school
Had to learn though, the harder way
Pushing pennies but see a three's a 16 in my sport
Figgadeal me, I'm filthy, I know it's greedy out here, I told you that
But I made my way through it like Moses did with his staff, relax
And try not to step on the crack, that'll break your mother's back
On the surface I will certainly scratch
See Mac, he made this from scratch
Just imagine what we could do with a flick of the wrist
You're puppets anyway, let's say I'm playing ventriloquist
Go this a way, go that a way, I'm scatter brain with this shit
What's that a K? Put that away, no weapons formed against
Me shall pass, remember that? I'm biblical with this shit
The tales from the Crip, on the soul of Sunday schools finna flip
Oh! (blow) The camera's gone so bring the acid tabs along
And let's all gather round and sing my fucking song
Yo, I ride slow

[Hook: Earl Sweatshirt & Ab-Soul]
It gets cold on the road to the riches (yeah, I ride slow)
The cars and the clothes is expensive (yo, I ride slow)
These hoes with they nose in my business (yeah, I ride slow)
Nigga (yo, I ride slow)
These rhythms of visions of me living colossal
Ahead of my time, in time you'll find that I'm a fossil
Yo (insane in the membrane!)

[Verse 3: Danny Brown & Ab-Soul]
Check! I ride slow, sparking like exhaust, smite a pyro
A psycho, Xannys in my cup before I pour a fo'
You nacho, mean a nigga put cheese on you
Pulling up, no headlights but there's red beams on you
Apostle, smoking on this dope, my brain colossal
Helps out the flow to do tricks like a brothel
Roll the lace with angel dust from pages of the bible
Survival tactics, target practice if you lacking, it get drastic
Caskets If you niggas talking ass backwards
Up shit's creek with a tissue paddle
OG Kush make a nigga chest rattle
Call your number like you just won the raffle
Nigga you Snapple sweet, come after me, it's casualty
Turn you into vegetables as if I dropped the celery
The reality is all you niggas fictitious
Smack you with the hand of Satan cause you need good sanitation
Any nigga hating, we gon' turn them to a raisin
One nigga, .30 clip, turn your brain into bacon bits
(Doot-doot-doot-doot!) And I ain't saying shit
Cause I'm coming from Detroit where I'm coming up short
Then niggas ride slow, AK-ing up your porch
I ride slow! (Insane in the membrane)

[Beat Change]

[Interlude: Doeburger & Ab-Soul]
I-I-I ride, I ride, I-I, ride
Niggas talking about all this lean shit (I ride slow)
Nigga I been sipping this shit since, been sipping this shit (I ride slow)
Silly out here, niggas wanna tell me about 2 cups
Nigga I gave this nigga Soul his first two cups nigga
I gave cuz his first cup of Lean, what you niggas talking bout? (I ride slow)
Cuz older than me, that's what I be talking about see? Fuck it

[Bridge: Ab-Soul]
I ride slow, these rhythms of visions of me living colossal
Ahead of my time, in time you'll find that I'm a fossil
Alright, here right? Soulo
La, la-la-la, la la (I ride slow)
Do you wanna ride or die? (I ride slow)
What do we have here now? Run quick see
Come with me (inhale Mary) (Y)
Come with me (exhale Mary) (M)
Come with me (inhale Mary) (F)
Come with me, la, la-la-la, la la la la
Already, I ride slow

[Verse 4: Ab-Soul]
I heard they stopped making Actavis
(You know when I heard that?) While I was sipping Actavis
Fast life, slow motion in my double cup
The screw give me drive like a flat-head, every fill up
I must be Captain Phillips, these niggas don't speak my language
Residue on my debit card, don't tell my moms
That it's a lot more than marijuana in her son
I walk on the dark side, only to shed light where they ain't no sun
Deadline snapback on my mind, I ain't suicidal, I'm just fly
My rhymes Ciroc and Ayahuasca, would you like a sip?
Enlightenment from a low life that's more than likely high
What I do with eight zips nigga? You don't know the half
All these lines add up like a motherfucking graph
Rap as if I had two left feet, tryna walk a righteous path
So here's a question that I ask
What's a negative with no plus? A Benz with no bus?
A curse with no gift? Who's God with no us?

[Verse 5: Delusional Thomas]
Delusional, murder marsupials when I puke a flow
Put my dick in witches from "The Crucible"
I'm hard to get a read on, that pussy shakin, Parkinson's Disease on
Pardon me, I sneezed, blessing conscious as it speaks freely
Death is cold homie, breathe easy, loaded gun in front of me
Shoot the soul right out of Soul, yeah you my homie
You do my murder and

[Interlude: Ab-Soul & Delusional Thomas]
Ay-ay-ay-ay-ay-ay-ay-ay (fuck off!)
Relax, relax my nigga (Maaaaaan!)
Calm down my mom listens to this shit, bruh (I ride slow)
You need to stop sniffing that goddamn bleach is what you need to do

[Verse 6: Delusional Thomas & Ab-Soul]
Well how dare a man talk about the potency of my pack?
I snort dope that's mixed with crystal meth and gastric bypass
Satan's blood in my flesh, nobody is high as
And these days the iPad
Will tell you that your life will be no longer than an eyelash
And then float away (I ride slow) so good luck

[Outro: Delusional Thomas]
Boop boop boop boop boop boop! Fuck yeah!
Yo Doeburger man