[Intro: Shade]

Hallelujah motherfuckas, it's Shade and Charr
The top dog of RepWurk and the wicked clown of the ATL motherfucka
We coming at you packing that fucking heat, bout to spit that goddamn venom - cause that's what we fucking do - this is a stick up!
Everybody put your goddamn motherfucking hands up and don't even dare try to fucking move - before we pop you in your goddamn face motherfucker!
Hit you in the fucking dome with that chrome ninja!
You ain't got shit on this!
This is fucking family shit motherfucker! I ride or die for this RepWurk shit!

[Verse 1: Shade]
Boom!
Bringing it back! When Shade and Charr used to get on the track
And we always killing, yeah we not wack
We killing your wife on the fucking track
Yeah
What's up with that?
Bringing it back to the days of rap was about popping shit and the stick up tracks were about killing motherfuckers with the gat
Oh
What's up with that?
Where ya gonna go? Why ya always sad?
Why ya always mad? Cause I'm fucking angry cause I ain't got a goddamn cigarette
What's up with that?
What am I gonna do?
I'm gonna come at you with an ax so fucking clean and true because you know I'm so fucking real and I'm gonna come at you like a juggalo would do
Okay what's up with that dude?
How you gonna tell me that I ain't true? When I ain't real, that I'm the fake one?
When you're smiling to me then talking shit behind my back huh?
Spitting hella lyrics
Fighting all the demons
Yeah my arms are bleeding
But who gives a fuck?
Because I'm coming at you with a fucking gat bruh
Put a gat to ya back
Put a bullet in the back of your skull and watch it splat - watch the blood rise to the sky and then fall down flat - huh?
What a pretty sight
There's a pattern on the ground and I really need to fight somebody cause I'm getting pissed cause I ain't got a cigarette; so where's it at bitch?

[Intermission: Shade]
Whoop whoop! Everybody motherfucking rise!
Stand the fuck up!
This is that OG wicked clown shit!
This is that RepWurk shit motherfucker!
You don't know 'bout that family game
You lonely ass motherfucker sitting at home beating your meat to midget porn - fuck you!
And fuck your mom!

{Verse 2: Charr]
Yeeeeeaaaahhhh!
Charr the fucking metaphor matador
I open up all kinda doors
Three down I feel like opening more
I slide through in all kinda decor
I light up all kinda fiy-or
Oh I meant fire
Oh I meant Charr
Oh I meant heat
Oh I meant bars
Fuck man
Oops I meant prisons
Oops I meant killing
Oops I mean careers
Oops I mean oh dear
Oh man - oh fam
I killed every single one of em
I went in and murdered em
I swear I never heard of em
I swear I jump over hurdles - and
I leave the beat charred - arrested behind bars
Spitting automatic - killing demographics
Painting some mean motherfucking graphics on blank canvas
Creating rabid habits
Fucking like wild rabbits
Bringing em together like fucking magnets
Eating beats like some maggots
Killing all my opponents - faggots
Blowing em away like magic
I do it like Magic
Your girl on my Johnson
I don't plan on stopping - your hearts I'll be stopping
Clogging all your arteries
In chemo they put rap in my fucking IV
So you wonder why I'm looking like I won the fucking lottery?
Nah be proud of me
Your boy is an oddity
I last like the Odyssey - I make em so fond of me
I do it so honestly - rap is a part of me
I create art audibly - I rhyme so honorably
I kill beats so fucking horribly
I just want your honesty - I want it so horribly
My mind can't fit inside of me
I need it to be outta me to make room for new fucking verses to put all y'all in fucking hearses!
I won't do reverses!
I don't need rehearsal - I just go Steve Urkle!
I don't need to practice - I just kill this rap shit!
Charr the fucking God
Like O M G
I do what I please; I kill beats with ease
With Shade on my right - he kill em ignite
He spit dope lines like all the fucking time
RepWurk is on the fucking rise
I'm killing you muthafuckas - make everyday Halloween
Hop out that extra mean sippin that special lean
Check!
Get paid; fuck up the check
Get laid; fuck up the deck
Catch ways; you get in debt
Dog days; I feel the best
I'm way above the rest
I weigh about the best
I made my fucking crest
Always above the test
I never sleep or rest
I always kill the rest
I bring out all the best
I smile like I'm from Crest
Your girl caress my dick
I'm way above this bitch
But I still give her the shit
This bitch ain't worth my rent
Hah
You feel me motherfucker?