Bound for the reload, bound for the upraw
You can' t hear me clear, turn it up more
Without weed I bet I could do much more
Actually that' s worth giving up for
I just won an award that I was up for
Took a trip for the grinds, now I' m up for
For, ok, let's be honest
If you say you' re a king, then you best be on it, or
You' re getting rained on
I ain't just an MC with a chain on
My old friends got money, but it's brains gone
How you' re gonna win if you can' t get your game on
Losing ain' t in the front of the mind anymore cause I flame on
I broke out of my chains, got my aim on
And I ain' t hire an artist you take on
What' s your take on me, can I stay on?
What' s your take on me? Am I good enough?
Been stabbed 21 times, am I hood enough?
I ain' t gotta say what I done, but I' ve done
London is a lot, one man can' t run it!
I don' t glamorize it I wanna clean it
Sanitize it cause I' ve analyzed it
They see what we got, wanna paralyze it!
Knowing that we are never gonna like it
Winning, got a due pay for a jacket
If it's BBK then I back it
Paid for, I' ve stacked it, Working is a habit!
Some are nibbelin' veg like a rabbit
I' m glad that this way is magic
I feel free like an unpossessed addict
Give thanks i made it out though
Cause any of a path would've ended tragic
On point-niggers, On point-figures
Manna spraying, but they ain' t on point with us
On point to the point, how on dinners
Pipe and hot steam, full of food when it simmers
Yeah, I' m a on point-negro, I' m on point like Feivo
See me on twitter not bebo
Curvin my ego, saying you' re a boss but that' s not what we know!
I like decent snares
Good kicks, recent snares
Hit-hat playing on a real cool pattern
Gettin' it all wrong is a frequent fear
Yeah yeah frequent fear
My dad bless me I got a decent ear
My flow's rapid like a inceasant pear
My dons a bit wild we squeeze in here (like BRAP!)
You' ve got bars but you can' t make a banger
I said BANG with no yearly planner
I said BANG in the year 2 thousand
Dons are act fake, I can never be around them
The pounds and the dollars, I found 'em
With the sound I'mma get ground, no howling
Came to the rescue, saw da scene drowning
Save that scene I'm spring water from a mountain
Wanna argue, so what now then?
Talk up talk up, when I'm prowling
You didn' t mean it, but that' s how it sounded!
I push high figures, get 'em rounded
I make cool shit, real cool shit
Will my manager like it? I doubt it
See I' m from a urban scene, so i can't show him
Because he ain' t about it!
I' m a G though, E3 though
That's why i surf nets and party 3G though
In the world of rave you gonna see me though
And an only king with free people
It' s like I' m a slave to the club scene
Living the reality, I had enough dreams
We face a night I and it' s raining lot
Don' t matter, cause we still gonna paint this town!

Nobody' s safe in a war, I know there' s nobody safe
When I step into the field, I can' t see nobody face
I roll through like a highlander, call me Wiley McCloud
I tell people "you don' t wanna see her twerking
Listen, Miley' s allowed"
If I get called by a worthy opponent, then I' m all up for it
I' m highly skilled in the battle
That's why I might push my luck with it
Yeah? Don' t give a fuck with it!
Like who' s chucking it?
I fill the clip full of lyrics, put a clip into the gun and start busting it!