[Intro]
Jme, mic controller, right now
On produccy, on the mucky vocals
[?] bucky, to the locals
[?] four missed phone calls

[Verse]
Blud, I'll leave you gutless
Come to your ends and send for the cutlass
One time, I'm going on reckless
Come to the ends and jack your bredrins twice
Blud, I'll leave you gutless
Come to your ends and send for the cutlass
One time, I'm going on reckless
Come to the ends and jack your necklace
And your chaps and earrings too
Serious, I'm preparing to beat you up
I'll be there in two
Serious, I'm raring to beat you up
Stop staring too
Serious, I'm not gearing to beat you up You're daring, but you're not bad
I don't care what you're wearing
You're not serious
Cause you got your name on your Nike Air Dunks, blud, I'll beat you up
You're not serious, cause you shot two kis of punk, blud
I'll beat you up, you're not serious
I don't care if you've got a yout, blud
I'll beat you up, you're not serious
'Cause you got an Akademiks tracksuit, blud
I'll beat you up
You're not serious, cause you got low-profile tyres, blud
I'll beat you up, you're not serious
'Cause your name's on couple flyers, blud
I'll beat you up, you're not serious
I don't care if you've got your own charm, blud
I'll beat you up, you're not serious
Can't clash Jme, are you dumb, blud?
I'll beat you up, because
From day one, I said I was serious
But no one took me serious
For dem boy, I go to the rave
And I spit in the rave, and I spit in their face
For the disrespect, 'cause I am serious
Boy better know, I am serious
Jme don't take no shit
Boy that don't like Jme, listen up
Joe tried to jack me, where is he?
Alex tried to fight me, where is he?
Jake wants to clash me, where is he?
Dominic, where is he?
Labels wanna sign me, where are they?
Pussyhole, gonna rush me, where are they?
Who's gonna clash me, where are they?
Can't clash me, are you serious?
My name's Jamie, not Dennis
I'm serious, not a menace
Been to court more times than tennis
'Cause I wet up more guys than [?]
My name's Jme, I'm shifty
Cats gets a score ting for a nifty
Otherwise I get cent like fifty
Still waiting for [?]
What you know about drilling the barrel? (barrel)
If some batty boys think they like trouble (trouble)
I'll cut your smiley like Carol
Can't say "for real", you say "Pharrell"
Serious, you're not serious
So don't say "serious" 'cause I say "serious"
Wanna get serious? Let's get serious
You can't act serious, so don't say "serious"
You get me? Blud