[Hook: Zeo]
Let me say what's on my mind, I got to release bottled up inside
I try to release all the urge for the crime, but still the teefing still play's on my mind
To take it or not is hard to decide
I just want to take it and make it mine
To control myself is taking time and the thoughts are racing around in my mind
KAPOOOOWWWW! How do you like me now? Teef
How do you like me now? I'm a teef
How do you like me now, didn't know at first but now your finding out
On edge when I'm about
Better bite your tongue inside your mouth
Because you know what I'm about! TEEF! How do you like me now?

[Verse 1: Zeo]
Lock your door hide your pin, I'm like the teef in the bits
I'm about to teef in a bit
I'll teef the sweets from your kids
I'll teef the bottle from your baby's cradle
I'm even teefing the bib, sell it on eBay
I'll teef the clothes that you're in
Teef with a grin I'll stick you up like a pin (drawing)
I'll leave a man with jack
I'm a teef without the plaque
I'm just a teef with a bag, but you can't call it swag
I'll take your stuff and gone, not even leaving one; leave a man with none
If I didn't have to do another tune after I did this one this whole set up and mic would be gone (yeah)

[Hook: Zeo]

[Verse 2: Zeo]
Give me everything give me what you got
Start with your girl she's kinda hot
Don't wanna make me meet her because you know ill teef and tie the knot
I'll teef the key to your car, drive to your girl friends yard
I'll teef your girlfriends heart
And if she lets me upstairs I'll teef the pants and bra
Yo what I see gotta grab that, take it
I want things so bad I can taste it
I'll move to man it's armed robbery
I’ll take your watch, chaps, bracelet
I teef from teefs, I teef alot
I clean 'em out, know that I floss
I’ll teef your Xbox and just watch while you're searching and thinking it’s lost

[Hook: Jme]

[Verse 3: Jme]
Yeah I don't muck about I'll teef the gold teeth straight out of your mouth
I'll sell you an iPhone 5 box with a potato inside
I stole the box from Skepta's iPhone and I stole the potato from Tesco
What you wanna fight me? Let's go!
I'll head lock you and I'll steal your creps!
If your dad is a steel worker, I'll steel your dads steel and say wagwan still!
I can't help my self, I'm ill, go to the doctors and jack everybody in the waiting room
It's hype No! You're not stopping me this time
Everything in lost property is mine!
Teef, teef, teef, teef, bye!

[Hook: Zeo]