[Hook]
Don't @ me
If you're gonna chat shit, don't @ me
Fall back a lickle bit, don't @ me
I am not having it, don't @ me
You will get blocked quick, don't @ me
With your default pic, don't @ me
Delete all that shit, don't @ me
I have to tell these pricks "don't @ me"

[Verse 1]
I've got bars straight up like Dapz
Trust me, not in a riddle
Spit so much you might see a little dribble
Bars that I spat when I was little
Went over your head like piggy in the middle
I was on sets with Napa and shizzle
Still no label ain't got my scribble
If you chat shit, straight dismissal
I will leave it like Lethal the Bizzle
Leave it like peri peri drizzle
Leave it like fans that are fickle
Leave it simple, ay fam are you deaf
Like that black figure with the sickle?
Pap pap pap, yeah, hit em with the triple
Until you hear that tinnitus whistle
Make a jaw swing like you're on-
Actually, I said fam

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Man's sitting in the exact
Same seat that I sat in when I said "shut ya mout"
In '06, when I touch mic
They're like "oh shit", roar
Can't make Ps if you spit so poor
Like bare dead MCs back in '04
Where are they now? Ask Terminator
"They're not around no more"

[Verse 3]
Man's up in this
I'mma keep spitting bars until I get a stitch
Keep spitting bars till I get the respect
I deserve like Balotelli on the pitch
Nobody in here you could move to
I don't notice anything unusual
Two of their man dem got beef
Like I'm driving a manual downhill, I'm neutral
Yeah, Jme's up in this gaff
I'mma keep spitting bars till I get a grey tache
Thought they were running this ting but I'm right behind
And I will Ketchum like Ash
Lickle man ting like Fisher Price skates
Your whole crew needs a nappy change
Violate one of my guys and try chat to me
Nah, it's not happy days

[Verse 4]
But it works here, that's easy to see
That's cause I'm just me being me
I literally don't have to do anything
To maintain my heat on the street
Make tunes and I'm lucky for the Ps
If I spit, unhealthy for the scene
Merchandise is back, snapback black
Quality, see what I mean?
Inside silk got the feel of my sheets
With BBK underneath

(This is a exclusive hat, this is different to the "Serious underneath", you know what I'm saying? Mentally, yeah!)
(I've got new tees with no vowels like Drake)
(You will understand that soon. You'll understand both meanings of that soon, you get me?)

[Verse 5]
I've got new tees with no vowels like Drake
Man are gassed when they see me, I'm like "mate"
I understand my face is bait
Drive too close behind me, I might brake
Man wanna take pictures of my face
Man wanna take pictures of my plate
Man wanna take pictures so bad
I press the brake and get a whiplash claim

(Tell em about that one! J-M-E, yeah? Jme. My name's Featuring Jme actually. That's my name, Featuring Jme. Feat. Jme. Ft. Jme. F-E-A-T Jme, cause I'm the featured artist, I'm the most featured artist on all tunes right now, you get me? Verses upon verses upon verses upon verses)

[Verse 6]
Bad boy crep, German whip
Not white Vans, or white vans
When boydem try ask for my name
I say old-school Meridian man
Guys better show respect if they see man pulling up in a TT (trust!)
Guys better show respect if they see man filling up in BP (trust!)
£20 of diesel mate, if I fill up my tank it'll make me late
I ain't gonna lie, I see you man on foot on the high road moving bait
Man's just try'na stack paper, don't watch what man's earning
Man paid over 30 bags sterling, German whip but I ain't in Berlin, Berlin

[Verse 7]
Said I was serious
Then "Serious" hit the jackpot
People ask what music I make
Turn the volume up cause that's what
I don't wear no bait designer brands
I spit deep bars in my black top
You'll never see me smoking a cigarette
Cause cigarette smoker, that's not me
Nah, that's not me
Nah, that's not
When I'm on a mic in the rave
I've got the whole crowd bubbling like a crack pot
See me and Tim on radio
With a nostalgic backdrop
You will never see me when I don't make music
Cause silent, nah, that's not me
Nah, that's not me
Act like a wasteman, that's not me
Any guy, nah, that's not me
Any guy, nah, that's not me
True, I used to look like you but
I said true, I used to look like you but

(Do I even know my "Rari WorkOut" verse? What is it? What's my "Rari WorkOut" verse? So many features!)

[Verse 8]
So many features, so many slaps
There's no way that I can be poor
Hand is dripping with blood
It's red raw, it's your own fault cause
Your face would've been half blessed
If you would've stopped looking down at your own chest
Your face would've been half blessed
If you would've stopped looking down at your own chest

[Verse 9]
Boy Better Know! Serious
Yep

50/50 like Will
Then kick back, have a drink and rest up
'tain
Man's backing jollof and plantain
You man are eating rice and ketchup, dead
Safe, screw up your face
Work up a sweat fam, pick up the pace
Bruv, you're not serious, you go to the gym
Tweet pictures and then buss case
You do it for the Vine, do it for the 'Gram
I do it for my health, I do it for my fam
I do it in case anybody try run up to man
They'll get well, well, well...

[Verse 10]
You'll get a punch in the nose like BLAM!
You'll get a big nose bleed like BLAM!
You'll get a trip on the floor like BLAM!
Drag your face 'cross the curb like BLAM!
Now I fling you in the road like BLAM!
You'll get an elbow drop like
Well well well...

(Come on, trust me. J-M-E. What do I get dark like? I get black like...)

[Verse 11]
I get black like Hollister
I'm the stereotype abolisher
For the past five years I've been making bare paper
Call me the deforester
Yeah, I slide down the banister
Cause I'm gassed like a butane canister
You can't stand the heat?
Get the fuck out the kitchen, hasta la vista
Yeah, keep the bassline rolling
Straight gutter like I'm shit at bowling

[Verse 2]