[Intro]
"Let me now turn, to our program for the future."

(News Snippets)
"The economy right now, is extremely supportive of the president and his policies."
"FBI scientists have found chemical traces, consistent with a bomb or a missile, on a piece of wreckage."
"police using clubs and tear gas against demonstrators."
"they called me a mother -(bleeped out)-ing so-and-so... and a white
Fascist...like they said, 'you're getting some of your own medicine'..."

[Hook]
Telling lies, to our vision
Telling lies, to our children
Telling lies, to our babies
Only truth, can take us...

[Verse 1]
You can't fool all the people all of the time
But if you fool the right ones, then the rest will fall behind
Tell me who's got control of your mind? your world view?
Is it the news or the movie you're taking your girl to?
Know what I'm saying cause Uncle Sam got a plan
If you examine what they telling us then you will understand
What they planting in the seeds of the next generation
Feeding our children miseducation
No one knows if there's UFOs or any life on Mars
Or what they do when they up in the stars
Because I don't believe a word of what the president said
He filling our head with lies got us hypnotized
When he be speaking in code words about crime and poverty
Drugs, welfare, prisons, guns and robbery
It really means us, there's no excuse for the slander
But what's good for the goose, is still good for the gander
See...

[Hook 1]
I don't believe Bob Marley died from cancer
31 years ago I would've been a Panther
They killed Huey cause they knew he had the answer
The views that you see in the news is propaganda

[Hook 2]

Verse 2:
I don't want no computer chip in my arm
I don't wanna die by a nuclear bomb
I say we all rush the pentagon
Pull out guns and grab the intercom
My first words will be I believe
Man made god, outta ignorance and fear
If God made man, then why the hell would he put us here?
I thought he's supposed to be the all loving
The same God who let Hitler put the Jews in the oven
We don't fall for the regular shit, they try to feed us
All this half-ass leadership, flipping position
They turn politician and shut the hell up and follow tradition
For your TV screen, is telling lies to your vision
Every channel got some brainwashed cop shit to watch
Running up in niggas cribs claiming that they heard shots
It's a plot, but busta can you tell me who's greedier?
Big corporations, the pigs or the media?
Sign of the times, terrorism on the rise
Commercial airplanes, falling out the sky like flies
Make me wonder what secrets went down with Ron Brown
Who burnt churches to the ground with no evidence found?
It's not coincidence, it's been too many studied incidents
It could've been the Klan who put that bomb at the olympics
But it probably was the FBI, deep at the call
Cause if they make us all panic then they can start martial law

[Hook 1]

[Bridge]
Police is telling lies fooling millions
What are they teaching our kids in these school buildings?
Televised, enterprised in all the killing
Controlling our lives, this ain't living
No this ain't living

[Interlude x2]
FBI, CIA
ATF, KKK
IRS, TNT
CBS, NBC

[Hook 2]

[Outro: Huey P. Newton]
"Uh, we view each other with a great love and a great understanding. And that we try to expand this to the general Black population, and also, people-- oppressed people all over the world. And, I think that we differ from some other groups simply because we understand the system better than most groups understand the system. And with this realization, we attempt to form a strong political base based in the community with the only strength that we have and that's the strength of a potentially destructive force if we don't get freedom."