[Vlad]
Have you heard Eminem's "Rap God"?

[Jamar]
Yes I have.

[Vlad]
OK. And there's a big uproar about some of the homophobic lyrics on it.

[Jamar]
Good! Good! (laughs) Because, as long as there's a standard for everybody. I say some shit, y'all act like I'm, y'know...

And first of all, could we stop with this word "homophobic"? Could we stop with that? Who the fuck are y'all to diagnose a medical condition?

OK? Cause a phobia is a medical condition! So how are you gonna say that somebody is homophobic? You're not a doctor, K? Stop throwing around these codewords that try to... that you try to use to silence somebody. Homophobia is actually the fear of speaking out against homosexuals. It's not a fear of homosexuals, y'know what I mean? It's the fear of speaking against them. That's what homophobia is to me. And that's what a lot of us suffer from. But me being in disagreement of something doesn't give me a phobia. It just means I don't agree with them! Are they heterophobes? Are homosexuals heterophobes? Cause I know plenty of homosexuals that be "Agh, that's disgusting, to have sex with a woman!" They'd say that's disgusting! They probably start throwing up in they mouth a little bit. Does that mean they're heterophobes? And who am I to call them a heterophobe? I'm not a doctor. So stop throwing around, uh, medical terms, and just applying them to people. Y'know what I mean?

You can't call me a homophobic, you can't call me a schizophrenic, you're not qualified to say that! So we gonna have to come up with some new words, some new words! But y'all motherfuckers got these codewords you use to try to neutralize somebody whenever they speak! But I'm not going for it!

At the end of the day, y'know, it's not about... being against homosexuality and being against white people and all of this. It's about being against the powers that be trying to make the unnatural natural, and the natural unnatural. If you really think about it, every facet of life, they're trying to make the unnatural, natural. From the food we eat to the air we breath, to the type of sexual relationships we have. OK now let's just take the emotion out of this real quick. I just want to follow this hypothetical thing to it's natural conclusion. Let's say hypothetically tomorrow, we all turn gay. K, everybody is now gay. Man is with man, woman is with woman. How do we as a species reproduce ourselves? Man on man can't make a child, woman on woman... so how do we reproduce ourselves? I'll tell you how: Unnaturally. We'd have to do it through test-tubes and things of that nature. Now, right now, today, when only a small percentage of the population needs artificial insemination and things like that in order to reproduce themselves because they might have reproductive problems, it's already expensive to have a child in that artificial type of manner. Now imagine when everybody has to do it, and we're dealing in a capitalist society where it's all about supply and demand, the more demand you have for a product the higher the um, price of that product will go. Because you can demand whatever price it is because the demand is so high, the supplier has the leverage. So, if we all have to now pay, I'm talking, hundred thousand dollars to have a child, who's going to get the shit end of the stick, when it comes to reproducing? Poor people. Not black people, not... poor people! It's not even about race, it's about economics! It's about the haves against the have-nots! So poor people will not be able to afford to reproduce themselves. Whereas rich people will be able to choose, y'know, the color of the eyes, the intelligence, all of that, once they get into genetics. If a black person manages to scrape enough money to have a child, y'know, they might have enough for a one-legged, y'know, mentally incapacitated child. You dig what I'm saying?

And we have to look past what seems on face value to be an issue, as far as sexual rights and the rights of others to love each other. That's not what it's about. That's not what it's about, and the end of the day, this goes right up there with y'know, birth control, y'know, condoms, and sending people to jail, and murder, and all the other drugs, all the other things and tools that have been used to try to control the population. I don't know if you've ever heard of the Georgia Guidestones, but, look up the Georgia Guidestones OK? Now these are some stones that were put up in the hills of Georgia, I guess somewhere outside of Atlanta or something like that, huge stones, no one has claimed responsibility for putting up these stones but on these stones are supposed to be a blueprint for humanity. And on one of these things, they suggest that humanity should be kept, should be no more than five-hundred million people worldwide. Now you know how many people are on the planet Earth right now? If you Google it it's gonna tell you seven billion. How do you, where are all these other people going? How do you go from seven billion to five-hundred million? Lotta people gotta die and a lotta people have to not be born, in order for that to happen. So at the end of the day, let's not get it twisted. This is not about the rights for you to so-called love whoever you wanna love. Cause at the end of the day love is the strongest thing in the universe, and all people have a right to love all people, kay? But it's not about that. It's not about that. They're using one issue to really push another.  And at the end of the day, it's about trying to eradicate the poor people from the planet Earth, as well as the genetic survival of... a genetically weak species.