[Produced by Chris Liggio]

[Verse 1: Grand Puba]
Now a lot of people think this is easy as it looks
Books and books of rhyme concepts and hooks
Session to session to get thoughts manifested
Stressin' and stressin' to hit the world with a blessin'
Lot of people often ask, "Puba how you givin' back?"
The way I give back is through the knowledge of my raps
Like a gem, for all my people caught out on a limb
Who be givin' in, caught out on a stem, who don't wanna win
"I'm feelin' you, I know you gettin' down like that
But what I'm sayin' dog is let me hold a little somethin', black
"I'll hit you back!" C'mon, dead that, that's the tenth time
I heard that—all you know is gimme I work hard for every penny
That I make—video and tape
LP and CD, if I fall, you feedin me?
No dough to spread, always keep a level head
Long as my seeds get fed, it won't go to my head, so

[Hook]
"Don't let it go your head, no!"
Everybody love a star when he on top
"Don't, don't let it go your head, no!"
Nobody comes around when the star starts to drop
"Don't let it go your head, no!"
Strive to help others who help themselves
"Don't let it go your head, no no no no no!"
Knowledge of self, and good health and wealth

[Verse 2: Sadat X]
The ladies a dame, no question but you can’t tell her that
Cuz sometimes she speed and put her hand out
Like I'm that ATM nigga, drop me off at Chase
Earring in her naval like she sexual
She royalty but her whole loyalty to smoke
Get wrecked in the kitchen like she run the cooking channel
And then hide the heat in the car door
Goddamn she’s a mother to be, I’m hoping twins
Give me a whole tribe
And be as sexy as Janet was on the cover of Vibe
She slick talk, threaten to walk
She got a girlfriend I used to tap back when, so she always worry and bitches
I tell her hold it down ma I give you high ranks
Sometimes you wild but I guess that's your style
If you lay up in my high-rise, will you stay wise?
Will I slay thighs? Open your eyes, girl

[Hook]
"Don't let it go your head, no!"
Don't believe those jealous-type cats
"Don't, don't let it go your head, no!"
Cause I'm the one makin' some late night cash
"Don't let it go your head, no!"
I told you girl my home is my castle
"Don't let it go your head, no no no no no!"
Understand it won't be no hassle

[Verse 3: Lord Jamar]
I heard your single on the battle of the beats
It won five nights, I bet you had the time of your life
Workin' so hard and so long to make a record
Finally to make a song people respected
Collect the dough at a show as you sip the Mo'
Now you hittin' the flow, you never hit befo'
That's a trip, how much better could it get?
Got the leather with the work check, all up in the whip
They're all legitimate, callin' it what it's really not
This is just one single you got, that's really hot
Tomorrow it could bust just like a blood clot
Leave you in the dust with your body to rot
Another party to rock, if it's you or if it's me
It doesn't matter cause it just won't stop
Don't let your gray matter pop
Cause when you release the album
If they don't cop, you gonna get dropped, so

[Hook]
"Don't let it go your head, no!"
Cause one single don't make you a hit
"Don't, don't let it go your head, no!"
Stay true to who you are, don't never forget
"Don't let it go your head, no!"
Keep your feet on solid ground
"Don't let it go your head, no no no no no!"
Cause what goes up, must come down, uh

[Outro]
"Don't let it go your head, no!"
"Don't, don't let it go your head, no!"
"Don't let it go your head, no!"
"Don't let it go your head, no no no no no!"