[Verse 1: stic.man]
Yo, it's a beautiful day and everybody's feelin' wonderful
The ladies is out lookin' fly, dressed comfortable
I love to wake up and feel the breeze through my window
Slip on a fatigues, grab a dutch and roll some indo
It be days like these that make life so much easier
Fish thawin' out, Guinness Stout in the freezer
Walk the block at my leisure (my leisure)
Summertime is like a anesthesia
So many pretty things to please ya
The greenery, beautiful birds, natural scenery
Or even just a infinite sky.  We be forever puffin' lah
On the block, or tellin' jokes in the ride (ha ha ha)
When the weather be hot, everybody be outside (whut)
Havin' fun (aight?), eatin' fresh fruits and vegetables
And good food put me in the mood for a festival
Some say the summer make a woman more sexual (sup, boo)
It's instinct—that's why my game be right on schedule
I put the great Mother Nature on a pedestal
She always fly, but today, she's exceptional
If I had a chance to make a wish
Every day would be just like this—full of happiness

[Hook: stic.man]
I feel great even though we got mad things to deal with
Happiness is all in the mind.  Let's unwind, and find a reason to smile
I'm just glad to be livin', feelin' fine, leavin' my bad times behind
Feels great.  And no, we can't escape from the realness
Happiness is all in the mind.  Let's unwind, and find a reason to smile
I'm just glad to be alive, feelin' fine, livin' life one day at a time
Feelin' great

[Interlude]
Yeah, know'm sayin'?  I just wanna give a shout out to everybody who got a birthday today.  Happiness (Happiness)

[Verse 2: M-1]
Have you ever heard the children play?
Sometimes, I feel the same way.  Roll up a J and get away
Put some food on the grill or just chill
Maybe build with my elders (uh)
Never know the things they could tell ya
Learnin' why the caged bird sings (why it do that?)
‘Cause it's the vital things you know that separate the men from the kings
The flowers that bloom and the sun (uh)
And everybody singin' the tune ‘cause it's time to have fun
We out, rollerbladin' (uh, uh).  A day where no one coulda stayed inside
Wash the car.  Now it's time to take a ride
Me and my crew hangin' out all night to sunrise
Celebration of life ‘cause every day is a surprise
Think of the rich countryside on the land of Jamaica
Mountains, springs, and green acres
Or any other place in the world your mind takes you
It's the good times in life that everybody can relate to (uh)
And you can leave your troubles behind and have a wonderful time
Lay back and just ease your mind (what)
You can leave your troubles behind and have a wonderful time
Lay back and just ease your mind

[Hook]