Bobbito and Lord Sear ft. C-Rayz Walz and Kardinal Offishall - “C-Rayz Walz and Kardinal Offishall CM Famalam Freestyle”
[Emcee(s): C-Rayz Walz and Kardinal Offishall]
[Producer(s) of Instrumental 1: [?]]
[Producer(s) of Instrumental 2: [?]]

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
Yo, C-Rayz Walz in the
Place to be.  I only freestyle
Basically.  I wouldn’t spit a written
If I ate you cats’ wack rhyme book
I’ll steal your thoughts—it’s a mind jux
The High and Mighty flow: I’ve been flowing for Eons
Y’all ain’t know?  I’ll get you jumped by fifteen spirits
I’m Triple Five Soul, the reverse of a asshole
Dickhead, get fed, spoon-fed, diced
Numerators fall down ‘cause I’m the most common
Denominator of sound.  Me and Bobbito
Kill your whole squad.  One-on-one, he’s the shooter
I’m the point guard.  Set the screen
And I shoot from “Long Range,” nah’mean?  Like the first
Song called “Degrees.”  The microphone?  I don’t really need it
I’ll pull it back to make it sound like I’m screaming
Pull it backwards, forwards, in reverse
Short-circuit, cut it, let electricity drip
To quench my thirst.  Who’s Johnny Mnemonic
With ill demons with the pessimism?  Shout out
To Mech and Izm.  I’ll move through the streets extra swift
February 8th, something’s dropping
Y’all better cop it.  I won’t tell you—it’s a secret
I won’t curse, so you don’t have to bleep it, dummy
My last raps/wraps is located on the body of mummy
Haha.  Plug myself in Internet.com
I’m clumsy with explosives—I drop bombs [?]
[?] sonic
Walk the plank.  Lord Sear went to get
More Britney Spears so I could stab y’all for going like
We in Delaware.  Who’s that?  George Washington here
Not having C-Rayz.  Got a bad habit
For mic-grabbing.  The raw nerve
Kill more herbs.  I get around emcees and think I see
Hors d'oeuvres.  Forget it
Waiter, I don’t want to order more [?]
Stronghold bubble underwater, get
Your girl, raise her before I shapeshift her back
Into a daughter.  You don’t really want it
It’s like AIDS.  C-Rayz Walz, I’m Mr. T’s
Brother’s uncle cousin.  What does actually make me?
Absolutely nothing, and I’m down with the A-Team
No fronting.  You on the B-Team
Plus you get cut.  My favorite sneakers was what?
I ain’t gon’ tell y’all that ‘til I bring it back
Space cadets move through the street
Special tape effects: I tape myself
Just so I could stick together.  Tape myself
Just so I could stick together—I said it twice
‘Cause y’all brothers is dumb nice.  And I’m dumb
Artificial like not-toys from Fisher-Price
Fly like airplane kites.  Off the trail like, “You ain’t
Invited to the hike.”  Go to Hell with sixteen
Cenobites.  I told you, “Stop playing with the box”
Now I have such shiest to show you
I’ll see hip hop like the government: I’ll plan
To overthrow you and build a new one where everybody
Showing love instead of cats talking ‘bout how they sip
Bubbly and be throwing slugs when they can’t even clean a gun
If they had Mr. Clean bullets
C-Rayz Walz.  Don’t be a dick.  I might be forced
To pull it and ejaculate yourself.  Ayyo
Masturbate yourself.  Jerks off
Plain Pat with the beat, Megatron murk off
MINdDitect reflect me, the water technique
The Sun Cycle blast off—my mic is a barrel
I use a gun rifle.  I’m humble sometimes
Crazy most.  I’ll burn cats for breakfast
For flashing toast.  And I don’t even eat that fast
What type of drama you on?  I’ll move slow
Even though it’s Ramadan.  Get your act together
‘Fore you enter the theater.  C-Rayz Walz the brand-new
Creature feature.  Shout-out to my man Chris in Hell
Banging on the bars, wishing he could spit
Sixteen in the acapell.  That’s alright
Sometimes, I wish I was there with you ‘cause I’m so broke
But I don’t care ‘cause I get free clothes from everywhere
Trying to get a pair of free Nikes from
Bobbito on the air, but I’ma just do it
Too much water.  I don’t rhyme no more
I’m just fluid.  Drink up, take a cup
I might make the camera self-destruct
Angry squirrels on my block trying to bust nuts
I tell ‘em, “Chill.”  I’m the big whirl on top
Of the whirlwind.  Streets still showing y’all wizards
Like Merlin and girl-ten.  I don’t need money, plus I don’t
Eat meat.  I eat vegetables, so I shit green leafs
Like the Toronto flag
It’s a red one, maple.  Shout out
To Power.  We got more work to do and it’s not done
C-Rayz Walz, I’m Stronghold opposite of 1
The other side of the finger 5, the whole fist collide
[?] I have human shish kebabs
I don’t have a job ‘cause I can’t really work too hard
I rhyme naturally, so I hold it down like
The opposite of gravity.  Upside-down like my frown’s
Permanent... not.  Who’s that with the Benjamin
Banneker watch?  Put a Rolex on your ankles, son
Watch your step.  I’m hot ‘til death
So I’ma live fire.  I get higher.  I don’t know
How to spit written rhymes.  I’ll forget ‘em
C-Rayz Walz, you should get it whenever it drops
I live hip hop.  I should have my own dot-com
On every block.  Somebody else I forgot
To shout-out.  Oh well, I forgot you
But you know I still love you.  C-Rayz Walz
Cut my arm off, I’ll still hug you like Jesus Christ did
Spice the wig.  Me and my sideburns is life
Am I his kid?  I don’t know.  I’m still traveling through Nazareth
Like, most definitely.  On both sides, I’m black
And white like twin shades of leprosy.  Traveling
Through the industry effectively.  What your methods be?
Ain’t no weaponry.  Even kids in Japan
Know I’m basically kihontekini.  L.I.F.E
If you ain’t recording, so what?  I don’t even think
My existence is important.  Yo, yo, yo, I got
Politicians blowing out their minds, bugging
Cats on the block seeing squirrels’ nuts hugging, still bugging
Juggling jobs, muggle and rob
C-Rayz Walz.  What your cousin do?  Kneel and bob?
Ayyo, my style’s fatal.  I’ll put a hole
In your cypher twice like Life Savers inside bagels
Is that ridiculous/redickulous or are you a
Dickhead twice?  Is that ridiculous/redickulous or are you a dickhead
Twice?  Sometimes I say things that might be over your head
Like you throw the airplane together after I pull it
Whoo!  Is that hot?
Give me ice.  I might burn my mouth.  Your teeth
Don’t rock right.  I can’t spit writtens—I hate it
Hated it, debated it
Put a Zorro on your back like the EPMD track
You could never see me wack.  Flip that
The Mind, Mech, and Izm.  The Mind, Mech, and Izm
The Mind, Mech, and Izm.  I hate pecking izm
Y’all cats come back and enter the street
I was hungry, so I went to Fat Beats to eat

[Verse 2: Kardinal Offishall]
Yo, I’ll never say the year when I articulate ideas
Never say the year ‘cause the reality last
Louder than a gun blast and longer than a Catholic
Mass, I’ll Passover weak flows like a Jewish
A&R.  Not anti-Semitic, I’m just not sym-
-pathetic with pathetic rhymes claiming to be sublime
You ain’t touching mine—rather bust a bottle of
Red wine over your spine and climb to the top
Rhyming ‘til the beat stops, yo, then I’ll flow again like
LAPD goes to beat stops.  Yo, then I’ll go again
It’s that nigga again, strapped with paper and pen
He flowing like annoying flows, raps on two tracks
You complain?  I meant that, every word I said
Slap wack rappers at bedtime—“stop biting rhymes”
Taking back mine.  Ease off and keep fronting
Taking back mine.  Ease off and keep blunting

[Verse 3: C-Rayz Walz]
I kick swift shit like a foot in a ninja ass
Get a... standing ovation from Teddy Pendergrass
I’m classic.  My moms used to smack me
With Havoc.  Plus I got a ill pose like
Bobbito in a Yellow Rat Bastard ad
I don’t know.  Where that man come from?  The pages
Probably stuck together.  Lord Sear, I say
“Ayyo,” to you ‘cause you left the room.  You should have
Been here.  [?], Christmas
Swiss Miss—that’s chocolate tits
C-Rayz Walz, I’m the apocalypse stopping this
Nostradamus with a ganja spliff
Spinning like Blanca of tomorrow’s shit.  I hit it so the record could skip
On purpose—just to get below the Surface like GZA
Was here.  Any ideas, reindeer?
I’ll hit you with my headlights like Bambi.  Hot like
Miami.  Only wack rappers can’t stand me
Rap like saran and travel, get my name
Twice like Duran Duran

[Verse 4: Kardinal Offishall]
Talking about crossing over?  I crossed over
Your girl to pick up the phone and say, “What’s up?!?”
Niggas, what’s up?  How you doing, player?
Oh, y’all balling now?  Straight celly cellular
Calling out?  Only light-skinned girls up in the telly now?
Bitch, get your mind right.  Like Mystikal
I’ma holler, holler all “Night.”  Y’all must be tripping
Y’all think he dipping because he got a pair of new Nikes?
On the kangaroos, drop the science—my bad
Should have realized that you are a trendsetter, but I come
Better than the average crackhead or guest
Heard you wear Calvins backwards for easy access, yo
Don’t give me no address.  I’ll see you when I see you, little
Underdeveloped, grade-zero emcees trying to be who?!?
C-I-R-C-plus-the-L-E-L-E-L-E
Crew, and we can flip it better than you.  Uh huh

[Verse 5: C-Rayz Walz]
Backwards and forwards like they all get their
Stars struck on some dumb luck shit like Dionne Warwick
I’ll rock a south beat.  You’ve got a North
Face—is that about face or different place?
I’m insane, race like all y’all behind
And I’m holding my nuts, crossing the finish line
And something just hit my mind.  I remembered
The other person I was about to shout-out right about this time
It's Kelly Chase, AKA Phoenix
He’s in Australia, intravenous.  Stress Ma-
-gazine, [?], The Wake Up Show
Dot-com move through serious.  I’ll host a show
Like pseudo.  Y’all cats is played out
Like Jay-Z doing a track with Menudo.  Y’all ain’t
Seeing me like Puffy at an open mic
It’s like hoping to get a dyke to ride a dirt bike
I’m Times Square.  I don’t rhyme-share.  I beware
P. Diddy can't really last Forever
He’s all together now
You want to Shyne?  Show me a lightbulb style
In the dark room, I’ll puncture your heart
With a harpoon, then get smart right before I loom
I shapeshift to Ben Grimm, get my pound on
Ask Danny Castro: I ain’t the Lyricist to Lounge on
I’ll beat your head in.  It’ll stop the fade
Y’all cats better watch before I start a ticker tape parade
I drop dope shit like heroin feces
Emcees I battle go to using squeegees
On the highway on Friday, waiting for Ice Cube
You a gay rapper—all you got is a nice lube
[?], plus I ain’t
Forgetting it.  I’m working hard like Jews on a shish kebab
Mob.  Watch out—y’all catch the same flammable
My piano is like gunshots from the Sopranos
Still passing it back to the opposite of the left
Still passing it back to the opposite of the left

[Verse 6: Kardinal Offishall]
Uh, uh, uh, uh, we do it like this
And drop the bass clef.  Yo, I don’t know.  Even after
If should freestyle after a nigga like that
Because my nigga like that got the raps without the snap
But he coming with the soul clap, flipping it to the left
To the right—that’s how we do it all night.  We got the Cucumber
Slice getting nice on the microphone.  He’s doing
The hosting.  We’re doing the lyrical posting tonight
This is Kardinal, and we’re flowing just right
My man C-Rayz Walz, he knows Power, but we be
The men of the hour.  When we shower, emcees get
Devoured.  This is how we do it straight niced up
Coming through your speakers like flowers—smell it
Inhale it.  This is how we do it when we come through
With to crew—peace to Saukrates and Choclair
But now we’re in here, making this shit mmm...
So stink, you’ll... it should come out your rear.  This is how
We do it, and we’re never queer.  To the left, uh huh

[Verse 7: C-Rayz Walz]
I’m so butter, wack emcees don’t say, “What’s up?” to me
I’m so humble, famous people say, “What’s up?” to me
I’m so butter, wack emcees don’t want to fuck with me
Keep playing Child's Play or be Chucky like the
[?]
C-Rayz Walz, I married the mic.  You a hermaphrodite from
Your afterlife.  [?] and transform
To Eminem with cinnamons, come back with the Entenmann's
[?]
C-Rayz Walz, my own tongue should get [?]
The boomerang rap with the Sumerang tap
I had one wish: I wish I was wack
But then I wouldn’t have to rap.  I would have a regular
9-to-5, and wouldn’t be happy about being alive
Well, I’m the one emcee that houses the mouth of a gun
Rifle.  The album title is: The Sun Cycle
I don’t care who bootleg it.  I’m already rich
I’m married to a girl ‘cause life is a bitch
She told me: come with her to the movies.  I told her
“Hit the highway on the Bronx Expressway and do the Q, Susie”
You couldn’t see me if you got three weeks
In a jacuzzi.  What’s that?  Oh, y’all
Cats is official?  No.  Watch the pistols blow
You suck a microphone under a mistletoe
That’s dead like Fred, Barney in Rubble
C-Rayz Walz bubble like extra trouble
And cats better watch out with the flex
‘Cause they ain’t seeing like Tae Bo [?]
I don’t got... yo
Bobbito in the house.  Coming through, my man
Kardinal, Stronghold, Breez Evah-
-flow, Poison Pen, yo, L.I.F.E
L-O-N-G, Kap-er, Stelf I-
-Index it be.  Plain Pat next to me
Coming like that, Bobbito stay nice
I’m vegetarian—I love Cucumber Slice