[Kardinal Offishall - Intro]
Mick Boogie, waddup?
Justus League, waddup?
Kardinal! (oowww!)
Konvict, Black Jays! UH!
Niggas ain't fuck with us you see what I'm sayin?
Cackalack, T-Dot wherever you at my niggas!
Let's go!

[Photne - Intro]
It's Little Brother (uh-huh!)
Phonte, Big Pooh, 9th Wonder (heheheh)
This how we doin it (Yeah! Show 'em what's goin on, my nigs)
Let's get it goin, check it out

[Phonte]
They never shoulda told me to rhyme on this
Get real, LB and Big Treal form unholy alliances
Solely for the purpose of rhyming, it's recommended
You keep your eye on this
Cause, I am this MC with a iron fist
That, hammers out each style that I've invented
Hammers out each flow that I've presented
A solider for my squad like I enlisted
HOJ still swinging the guillotine
From here to the Philippines, it's just as I intended
Muh'fuckers still say they ain't feelin me
You niggas is killin me, it's just as I envisioned
And just as I have bended my flow over this track like contortionist
I ain't even gotta drop no more bars for this
Better dodge the draft, you don't want no war with this, c'mon!

[Chorus 2X: Phonte]
It go, rock the party, rock-rock the party, rock
I see you niggas tryna cross that line
Don't stop the body, don't stop the body rock
But I ain't finna let you steal my shine

[Kardinal Offishall]
Yo, I am now who's with an iron fist
I am one of the last standing true ly-ricists
Look in my irises, all of my words insist
On being consistent, I hope that you fine with this
Whether you signed to backpack and I'm killin all of you
Wack-winding, flowin-off-time and weak-minded (never mind)
My mind sprays like AKs and Lebanon (BBBBBBBBRRRR!!!)
Speech is mad colorful like ice creams and Benetton
(Fuck up a nigga real QUICK!) and that's the shit I'm on
(Take out emcees!) once a day like a vit-amon
CHEA!! A rap vitamin, my circle stays tighter than
A virgin on birth control - I'm like a leviathan
When paired up with a trite and they (?) MOTIF!
I've been declared a world THREAT - when 9th Wonder's on the BEAT!
(Yeah!) Phonte, Big Pooh, and the Justus League
A lotta rappers soundin like they put crack in they weed
(Black Jays!)

[Chorus 2X: Phonte, Kardinal Offishall]
It goes, rock the party, rock-rock the party, rock
CHEA! I see you niggas tryna cross that line
Don't stop the body, don't stop the body rock
Yeah, and I'll be damned if you steal my shine, c'mon!

[Rapper Big Pooh]
(Big Pooh!) You in the presence of one of the greats
Ask niggas from state to state, they say "Rapper"
I'm in the midst of your hoes chit-chatter
Glassjaw niggas get shattered - I'm not flattered
Fried-chicken niggas get battered
Then laced with a garnish that's served on a platter, hot!
Right here if you want it or not
Got a mean 16 that came off the top
Ain't have no dough, walked off the lot
Came back next week and cop, I got some old shit
So when I go to the lab, I let my soul spit
I'm light years in front of my foes
My Chi-Town niggas be like, "Pooh, you so cold"
In H-Town, they be like "Poobie gettin th'owed"
Wool parka trench great down to the flow
We the Trillest muh'fuckers in the South, ye ain't know?

[Chorus 2X: Phonte, Rapper Big Pooh]
It goes, rock the party, rock-rock the party, rock
I see you niggas tryna cross that line
Don't stop the body, don't stop the body rock
But I ain't bout to let you steal my shine