[Intro: Cham]
Wah-RAH!! T-Pain, ya boy Cham
Wah-RAH!! Blaze it up unda
Cham ya hear me? Fire, fire, RAH!!
Fire, fire..
Yo, yo, yo

[Verse One: T-Pain]
Number one shotta
Bad man make the girls shake like maracas
M-16 bust and take your whole top off
Real deal 'ear me now don't fuck with the knockoff
Push it to the limit I receive in the dropoff
Ah-ha, no
Pop it off for the 8-5... oh
More fire! Let the flow the stick... blow
{?} Realla-dealla-gonna-trinity-gilla-woyyyyyyyy {?}

[Hook: T-Pain]
They just don't bother me noooo
As I pop it off for the 8-5-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh
Uh-oh-uh-oh-oh, uh-oh, uh-oh, uh-oh, uh-oh-oh
Uh-oh-oh, uh-oh-uh-oh-uh-oh-uh-oh
Me say JUMP! Me say STOP!
Pop! Rrrah! Rrrah! Rrrah!
Rrrah! Rrrah! Rrrah! Rrrah!
Pop it off for the 8-5-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh

[Verse Two: Kardinal Offishall]
Bad boy Kardinal, leader of de session
Black GS pop it if we need an intervention
Murder all these likkle soundbwoys in succession
Niggas ain't eatin; it's a Konvict procession
Gettin paid to shut down the show is my profession
Fuck keepin it easy I am not about aggression
Approach if you want but use your discretion
When I crush rappers careers they get left inna depression
You betta stand clear when the mic's in my possession
And I bust every year cause that's my obsession
It's all T, Don T-Pain, Kardinal expression
Black J's fire like a black Smith & Wesson
Ya dead mon!

[Hook]

[Cham]
Bust it in the ear, make dem 'ear pom pom!
Policeman dem here, we no kyare, pom pom!
Pop it off and bust it over here pom pom!
Let them 'ear pom pom! Let them 'ear pom pom! Rrahh!
You see me comin man, better get runnin man
Cause when you see me, you gon see me with my gun in hand
Don't be a dummy man, we makin money man
Boy we keep it GULLY, GULLY, GULLY
Tell dem fools dem need to just shut up
Row-knee or Informer boys get beat up
Keep on chantin and we KICK your two nut up
Find you inna PIECES your whole body cut up
Yo king shut up, scared bwoy this how get done up
Tough to argue, know dis lift your son up
Forty-five caliber will make your skin burn up
Make your skin burn up, make your skin burn up

[Hook]