[Verse]
I ain't really into showin' off, rudebwoy!
Jah could sell sixty yo car, rudebwoy
I ain't really trouble nobody, rudebwoy
No coke, no (sniff) that's a joke, rudebwoy
Since when is it cool to be a fiend, rudebwoy?
I grew up on Biggie, how you mean, rudebwoy?
The charters never taste what you be sellin', rudebwoy
Now that pill poppin' what you yellin', rudebwoy?
You came up on the turf, that ain't us, rudebwoy
Don't make an OG call yo bluff, rudebwoy
If you talk tough, back it up, rudebwoy!
You see me got first, that's enough rudebwoy
I ain't really lookin' for no stripes, rudebwoy
I be at the gates, yell at yo face, rudebwoy
Ice water in the bloodline, rudebwoy
Ninty percent of these rappers lyin', rudebwoy
Saying you think to be a star, rudebwoy?
Who you parr wit is who you are, rudebwoy
I'm no hypocrite, I did my dirt, rudebwoy
I'm livin' everyday tryna benefit the earth, rudebwoy

[Hook]
Cause I know I liquidate veteran yesterday, yo
But betta don't ask me nothin' bout tomorrow
Is the ? pajama in sorrow
Irdy why I sing aye
Aye aye ayeyeye
We'll never back down, and I can tattoo that to my arm
Jano say you can tattoo that to my heart

[Verse]
I don't like most 5O rudebwoy
Bust some of them coll carolie, rudebwoy
Some of them will shoot without blinking, rudebwoy
Take ya hand outtta yo pocket, whatcha thinkin', rudebwoy?!
You tellin' the media it's racism, rudebwoy?
But you ain't tell 'em bout the animation, rudebwoy
Cops got you slippin' in the whip, rudebwoy
The breeze couldn't cover up the trees. rudebwoy
Cursin' wit yo bulletproof vest, rudebwoy
You stupid to be resisting arrest, rudebwoy
Now you got 'em reachin' for the Glock, rudebwoy
Assume the position, no talk, rudebwoy
Yo friends might snitch and switch on you, rudebwoy
They ain't goin' to the don for you, rudebwoy
When you back home from yo bed rudebwoy
Act like a man
But remember what you did, rudebwoy

[Hook]
Cause I know I liquidate veteran yesterday, yo
But betta don't ask me nothin' bout tomorrow
Is the ? pajama in sorrow
Irdy why I sing aye
Aye aye ayeyeye
We'll never back down
And I can tattoo that to my arm
Jano say you can tattoo that to my heart