[Verse 1: Kardinal Offishall]
Yo, I’m from a place where the bass disgraces the many faces
And my rhymes cause distaste.  My niggas are complacent
When it comes to lacing hot tracks (Hot tracks).  Fame-chasing niggas
Call me Kardinal, Mr. Circle Rhyme Kicker
Producer, ASR [?], snare-hitter
God love us six-foot and more of that track spitter
The more I flow (Yo!), the more I create envious niggas
In my local.  Hype nigga with unmatchable vocal
[?] uncouth and rocking on the regular
My man Solitair know the steelo.  It’s the “Silver
House and the Girl” and then mom checking the holes
But no goes to chicken—I possess too much beef
I’m spectac like a coral reef, skin, teeth with spite
Drink Sprite, then spit it out ‘cause my image is the illest
Chew flavor and spit darts, arts lead to action
[?] got more for rhyme satisfaction

[Hook: All]
Love, life, players, pussy
Work, vision, innovation, sensation
Me, you, black, strong
Niggas, trust, lust, sex

[Verse 2: Choclair]
Yo, I’m from the city where the snow blows and hoes blow
Some girls talk, “No,” but we all know soul
Then do a couple shows, then collect in the dough
Then you hear me every night on your stere-ereo
Then hear me every day on your stere-ereo
Circle brings the heat to bleed out your nose
How you feel when you see us coming with the real?
Beats and rhymes and throw it right through your grill?
Your girl saying, “Ew,” but wanting a dose
Where The Circle from, dawg?  (Yo, the T-Dot-O)
And where the Choclair at?  (Yo, ask [?])
Now, some dudes try to chase but break their ankles
Now every word that I said leaves you confused
I’m like two stones, just fucking with your toes
So understand the Choc’, the one [?]
The T-Dot-O that makes your knees knot

[Hook: All]
Love, life, players, pussy
Work, vision, innovation, sensation
Me, you, black, strong
Niggas, trust, lust, sex

[Verse 3: Saukrates]
They call me Lefty, Southpaw, The Outlaw
Type of cat ghetto dwellers tend to look out for
Without raw material, you out your
Evanescent mind, my niggas.  I’m too kind for niggas
Putting in work.  One day, decided to be the biggest
It’s right there.  I swear I smell at least seven digits
Me and Chase know that.  Addicted to rap
‘Bout to clean up but still got some mixtures to scratch
On the home front, I don’t want none of my
Roll-dogs to starve.  It’s been, like, four months
Of “What’s new?”, “Nothing”s, and “I can’t call it”s
See, my crew reduced to nothing but broke alcoholics
Before.  Now Outlaw soon to be rich
Y’all waited for the day for socks to turn prick.  Well
I’ma grant your wishes.  Arrival of the fittest
Emcee.  Survival of the richest to be
To be, to be, to be, to be, to be

[Hook: All] (x2)
Love, life, players, pussy
Work, vision, innovation, sensation
Me, you, black, strong
Niggas, trust, lust, sex