If you saw what I saw with my eyes closed
You’d have a tagged toe or a face full of bullet holes
Maybe from your own gun maybe from another one
Who knows (x3)

I play a game where there's no rules
You can't afford to lose (x2)
Don’t make me hang up your tennis shoes
You can't afford to lose (x2)

It's the motherfuckin boogeyman
Say seven ‘Hail Marys’ cuz I'm back again
Divine intervention can't stop this from happenin
When the knives and guns come out and “Oh I'm back at that again”

Is the sound when I gunem down
These motherfuckers wanna fight I givem 10 rounds
3 shots couldn’t put me to sleep now my eyes stay peeled and I don't blink or wink
And I'm lookin for my so called killers if they weren’t weak
But the devil keeps sendin me boys instead of beasts
Tell that motherfucker if he wants me to come and get me I'm in hell
Americas most dangerous city

Is it enough?
Do you want more?
Am I afraid of what I'll be without war?
Is this life worth fighting for?
Am I afraid of what I'll be without war?

You wanna see where I come from you wanna go there?
Want that monkey on your back and that God off in your crosshairs?
You wanna go to bed hungry at night drinkin your own tears?
You wanna physically fight for your life with boys who don't care?
You wanna play a game where there's no rules?
You want them fuckin body snatchers to come and hang up your shoes?
My shoes are like caves I think “No man can wear them”
You’d get lost inside them first
Plus getting stabbed til death scares them
And I'm lookin for my so called killers if they weren’t weak
But the devil keeps sendin me boys instead of beasts
Tell that motherfucker if he wants me to come and get me I'm in hell
Americas most dangerous city

If you saw what I saw with my eyes closed
You’d have a tagged toe or a face full of bullet holes
Maybe from your own gun maybe from another one
Who knows (x3)

[Verse: Trick Trick:]

7.62 full metal jacket that's the only thing that I'm rackin
When I let that motherfucker go its gonna let everybody know I ain't actin
Ccuz whats Ccraccin?
I really ain't trying to go back to the scrappin but fuck it
If that's what they want then they got it
I'm a bad motherfucker with the hands
You don't want no trouble with your mans
I know you got a couple of your mans
That's when the war come out
The one that make the cops come out
I never seen em talk with a Glock in their mouth
They hospice
Shoulda sent a doc to your house
Conrad Murray
(Fuck you TRICK TRICK)
My eyes blurry
(GOON SQUAD)
I don't take my meds for the shit I'm on so call your attorney
My problem is you think I'm retarded
Respect the boss or press charges
It sucks for you to become the target
If you bow down I might disregard it
Bitch you started it
Til dearly departed he’s no longer with us
Won't give us no more of that shit you been given us
Killin continuous
REVENGE