[Intro]
Yes
You are now rocking with the best
Can I get a hit, Howie? (*hit*) Thank you
For I am the sure shockin’, head clocker
Anything but non-rockin’
Hip-hoppin’, Reebok’n, wear and tearin’
Giving up to rock all the people in the place to be
Can you hit me two times, Howie? (*hit* *hit*) Thank you
I’m gon’ put some karate in your body
Some rhymes in your mind
Just an MC luck and I don’t give a…what we’re gonna do
Huh, what we’re gonna do
What we’re gonna do won’t be no bummer
We’re gon’ rock like this straight through the summer
As we cold break ill with the drummer…hit me!

(Baby, let’s go-go)
Are you ready?
Cold rockin’ it
‘Cause I’m good to go (Go-go)
Howie Tee, gi-gi-gi-uh-give it to me
(Baby, let’s go-go)

Well, didn’t know-know where ya wanna go-go
Is it to the show-show rockin’ to the beat?
Come on, let me know-know
I don’t want the so-so’s
If you wanna go-go, come follow me
‘Cause I heard this crowd is hard to rock
But a quitter, huh, I am not
I don’t need four people or even three
Just me and my DJ Howie Tee
We’re gonna rock the house, we’re gonna take it all
Me amo, it was us cold rockin’ it y’all
Howie Tee keeps a nine by his side
(And if you keep frontin’, I’mma show you why)
We get perfect scores, there is no flaws
If you think you can hang, then go for yours
‘Cause me and Howie rock this party
Without the use of drugs, stimulants or Bacardi
There is no doubt, my heart is in it
But hold up, wait a minute
Howie Tee (Yo) Look around (So)
There’s no listening (Get outta here) No
(That’s alright) Yeah, that’s OK
We’re gonna rock you anyway
‘Cause it’s happened before, this same way
And I think back, and then I say
Drifting on a memory (Ooh, hoo, ooh)
Full Force is in the place to be with you and me
Soon you will see, na na na
That I’m rockin’ just for you, yes, I am (Just for you)
‘Cause I’m rockin’ ‘cause I love you too
And it’s true (Word) So…
Me and Howie Tee, we’re gonna take you out
We’re gonna show you what us party people’s all about
We’re gonna rock from the night to the afternoon
We’re gonna bang, zoom, take you to the moon
(“Hold it, I ain’t pushin’ no moon buttons”)
Get busy!
(Girl, let’s go-go; let’s go-go to the…)
It makes no difference how you wanna swing it
As long as I got my right foot in it
All you sad rappers that I am knockin’
Mother, don’t stop me now, I’m just rockin’
There is no half-steppin’, you must be whole-hearted
There ain’t no stoppin’ once we get started
Howie Tee (Uh-huh) Are you with me? (I’m wit’cha)
I know that the beat is gonna hit’cha
But when I rock the house it’s such a pretty picture
Huh, it ain’t the love bug that done bit’cha (OW!)
So fellas in the place to be, you wanna be with me or your lady? But for the night, don’t get in my hair
Just dance, Mister Fred Astaire

(“Are you the big noise in this here orchestra?”)
(“Don’t be ridicuwus”)
(“Who, me?”) (In the place to be)

It was little mosquit'a (In a yellow tuxed'a)
Freakin’ inside the speaker’s tweeter
(But the only thing that the mosquit'a need’a)
Was the lady devastator with the big drum beater

Sorry, huh, wrong beat

(Baby, let’s go-go)

Now if you can’t do that, then stomp your feet
But keep your hands in the air and just follow me
We’re gonna go-go where you wanna go-go
I don’t want the so-so’s, come follow me
If you’re such a bozo, don’t know how to go-go
I think you should know-zo Hitman Howie Tee
Hit it!

Howie Tee, if you’re up to par, make all the ladies go ("AH!")

(“That’s all, folks”)

No, it’s not, ‘cause I’m not finished
All MC’s I will diminish
To nothing, to smithereens, and I mean
You, the one with the gangsta lean
‘Cause rappers thought they could take me, but on the contrary
Now they’re all in the MC cemetery
But since I’m a lady, up to this day
I put a red rose on every one of their graves
Never should have they crossed my territory
That’s it, period, end of story

*BANG*

("Hooway! The wabbit kicked the bucket!")
("The rabbit kicked the bucket")(Repeat 3X)
("The rabbit kicked the bucket...the bucket...
The bucket kicked...the rabbit kicked the rabbit...")