[Lil' Snupe]
Lil' Snupe! Yeahhhhhhhhhhh
Free my nigga C4. [X8]

Let me hop in it and free my nigga C4
If rap shit don't work then we gon' sell this shit like Nino
Bitches lookin' for me they can't find me like Nemo
Cuz every time I'm in the building I set it of like Cleo
Hurricane with me, 51/50
Bitch get jiggy then get naked and shake all your ass and titties
Baby told me to kill it. I told him that I kill it
I hold it down from the 318 all the way back to Philly.
Lil' Snupe up in the buildin', you know that I'm up in this ho
Everybody want it yeah I swear you better watch it ho
Cuz nigga I rank with me. Guarantee she fuck my clique
She gon suck my dick all day and night she gon do it left she gon do it right
Yeahhhh Nigga Jonesboro
Where we up in this bitch swear to God that we don't care
And I got these diamonds on my neck And these diamond on my wrist
With these J's up on my feet and your bitch up on my dick
Man this bitch she love my swag. And she love my fucking clique
Cuz we hit the fucking club and act like ya'll don't even exist
Cuz we in our own lane, we did our own shit
I'm a young nigga but I stay on that grown shit
I be smoking on that loud People tell me turn it down
So if you can't fuck with that loud you can't even come around
You know I gotta do it, best believe that my man strapped
She screamin' out ay bay bay and she started doing the hand clap
Got this bitch naked. Got this bitch gettin' with it
Got this bitch wanna fuck. Fuck me and my whole city
Man Dee-Low told me do it and I told him that I got it
Then I hit my nigga lil' Derick up and we head straight to the projects
We head to the projects, and then we start rollin' up
All the bad bitches hit my phone they wanna roll with us
Cuz they already know that I'm a fuckin' clown
When they heard that I was gonna be in she prayed that no ones around
I shut it down everywhere I go
And I love bad bitches so you better watch your ho
I'll grab the magnum and put that dick straight up down her throat.
And she ain't playin' when she get in here she know how we roll
Bitch ain't no relaxin' they no I'm the ?
These bitches already know what's up. Bitches know it's what's happening
You chill up in my bed but you fuckin' on my mattress
We gon get straight to the business. Swear to God he won't be with it hold up

[Hurricane Chris]
I took a nigga bitch, then gave her plenty dick
I put a pussy nigga on the news channel six
I kill me a dog ass nigga Mike Vick
And you know it is no you not fuckin' with Chris
I put her on that wood then I told her do the splits
Got Snupe up in this bitch and the whole crew up in this bitch
You know I'm gettin' lifted off Patron and Ciroc
Any nigga talkin' that shit I swear to God they don't wanna box
Got a left hand and a right hand, break a nigga jaw
I do some crucial shit you gon think this the movie Saw
I represent that south and bat a nigga in his mouth
I got your bitch bussin' it wide open on my couch
Man I'm a dawg you a cat, I step on these rats
And these niggas know I'm in the club strap with that gat
Yeah I'm strap with that mac. Some hoes in the back
Threefy smokin' on some shit that made him have an asthma Attack
I'm bout my money, nigga I'm bout my money
I pull up in my Maserati, fuck your lil' 600!
We 'bout that big cash, pull up in them big Jags
I'll smack your bitch ass then feel on your bitch ass
Shout out to Calico. I'm bout my money
That bitch showing her camel toe put dick all in her stomach
I fuck her front and back and then I tried to make her vomit
These niggas ain't bout no beef, nigga I ain't never runnin'
Got a chopper and a Glock knock a nigga out his socks
Man free my nigga Boosie I might break that nigga out
You know what I'm about, play games you get popped
Ask some niggas who had played with me that time they got shot
My hood about that murder. That's right them niggas will serve ya
I rapped that gangster shit These niggas thought I was commercial
I'm in the V.I.P and bitch you know I got the burner
My nigga Threefy in the DJ booth smokin' that purple
Ay bay bay. Lil mama wanna flick then call me Ray J
That's I got that [machine-gun sounds] AK
That shit I say it be for real you for play play
You's a faggot ass nigga you shanaynay
Play some games I'mma nut up like a pay day
And I got all these hoes poppin', or riding in my old school rims steady choppin'. I got that fuckin' whopper like my name Bin Laden