Last call for alcohol Dj I ain't even finish with my drink
Oh girl .. say after the club maybe we .. her ways
She say she want it like this, she say she want it like that
She say she want in a minute to slow track
Girl do me one favor we do all back
Let me finish my track, let me finish my track
Let me finish my track
Last call for alcohol is all I really ain't wanna hear the Dj say
Why you ain't wanna hear that .. had a fat ass
A yellow bro talking to me.. I'm loving my fate
She wanna kick it with Chris, I'll .. give her a ..
She want it all out in the mirror, drippin' about the ..
She's looking to get .. she know I don't play I mean
She never about the day so you know I'ma be the ..
...I'm on the ground .. that I brought women so I'm straight
The way she looking the lips got my ...
See if you do what you say right after I finish this drink

Chorus:
Last call for alcohol Dj I ain't even finish with my drink
Oh girl .. say after the club maybe we .. her ways
She say she want it like this, she say she want it like that
She say she want in a minute to slow track
Girl do me one favor we do all back
Let me finish my track, let me finish my track
Let me finish my track
Shawty what it do what you wanna do
Later on maybe we can kick it
I know you like the way I think
I know you like the way I walk my Valentino linguistics
We're in the clum, pumpin' bottles, I'm looking for girls
I'm looking for models from my Bobby blue jeans
You're hard as you can be, baby can't you see
You're all that I need and I
Fulfilling so fly, plus I'm so damn high ..
Come and give me a hug, baby one more drink for me
Baby one more drink for me
Dj let me finish my drink, I'm coming over .. to the doors unlock

[Chorus:]
Now if you're used to miss with the regular dudes
This ain't ... like you think, who ..being patient
Baby we ... screaming his faw
Thirty eight somebody go get my car.. to go
I can't even walk straight, let me know ..the doe
My swag is under control, she don't even look sober
... that's why I'm ..it .. back to the ..
She told me that she it's all by herself
And if I wanna I can't get it .. my phone
And they come over, I usually don't do that
... and I'm crazy to break your back
I go crazy when I .. plus I got a couple of ..
... like I'm tryin to get a .. upon it and no turning back
I hope you can handle that ‘cause I ain't gonna cut you no ..
You just can't go .. but they're telling you ...

[Chorus:]