Get up, get up, like a hiccup, hiccup
Abandonin' your mandibles like a slip up
If hip hop needs a fix up, y'all know that I got big nuts
You fear much
I ain't afraid of nothin', broke the button to my tear duct
So here's what's gonna happen cause I said it and I meant it
The trend that you pretend is in's officially suspended
So return all the attention that you rented from the engine
Of capitalism and then lend yourself back to the rhythm
Imagine a vision livin' in a state of intuition
But tuition's always risen while poverty's been forgiven
You listenin'? Here's the mission
No more pledging your allegiance to a flag
That named you spic, chink, nigga, kike, and fag
A bitch is just a man who fucking lies on a mic
"Blah blah! Surprise! Gotcha! Yadda Yadda! Psyche!"
Are y'all fools all on the pipe?
Dude I ain't trying to start a fight
But if you charged up like lightnin' and you bright you better strike
Cause when these mother fuckin' descendants
Remember this venture
They gotta know that all they folks didn't bend under the pressure
Of the market and it's product - I gotta keep it honest
As long as we need change, I'll remain in the realm of conscious
By respondin' to the lame "sigh-me-ultaneously" with flows
That they never will decode, but in conclusion they will know
That whatever he's sayin' he isn't playin', not a role
A rebel amongst retarded rappers, bet I am the mole
This is how it sounds when a Jedi packs a bowl without touching it
The force is embedded into my soul
So Obi-Wan you owe me one, pay me back in sabers
But should the lights illuminate I'll pay my dues in flavor
You posers put in labor with that drill music for paper
But I aim to take the cake 'fore it's too late for me to savor
I can do what y'all do - Can you kick it like me?
It'll take your whole life - You only on night three
Cause when I'm in the booth, I ain't aloof, I spit the truth
How many of you really monopolizin' the loot?

Gimme the truth! Gimme the truth!
Can anybody compare?
Gimme the boot! Gimme the boot!
If you think I ain't rare
Gimme the roots! Gimme the roots!
Oh I know what it's about
Gimme the youth! Gimme the youth!
It's time to stand up and shout

Gimme the nuke! Gimme the nuke!
I'm a bad, bad man
Gimme the noose! Gimme the noose!
I'm a bad, bad man
Gimme the troops! Gimme the troops!
I'm a bad, bad man
Gimme the loot! Gimme the loot!
I'm a bad, bad man