In the basement speaking with Diego. Ain't no cream but we just chasing
Dreaming with my team, the time is coming we can taste it
The fact that I'm alive at this age is just amazing
So much is on my mind let me paint it as I explain it
Concentrated. Rehearse it 'til it's perfect. Conversations with my lady
Said she been hurtin and she tired of waiting
I've been working. If you seen how long we've waited
Girl can't get caught complacent. Saving time ain't easy in this state of mind but I'm patient
Ain't persuaded by the paper or women faded
Independant just keepin it real and the labels debate it
Write my expectations that way, I can't erase em
Creating. See the legends I can't wait to be adjacent
Anyone can say you're good, only God decides who's great
And satisfaction in recognitions fiction. Respect and check the vision
Keep it real
My homies putting flava in your ear
Ressurect the skill, and prophetically appeal
From the stage to the booth make em fully aware
Bring truth to the table, aim, shoot, and disappear
Still it's clear. Stare straight to the glare of the sun
Tryna do it like it ain't ever done. On the run yuh

[Hook]
Nothing but a runway

Telling stories they insist to turn the page. I reclaim
So just allow me to take a second and explain
My name's Andy O. from 508. Know my arrival's late
Cuz the game ain't training emcees, we see greats and recipricate
Radio hate us. Labels refuse to pay or play
Sure it's all hip-hop but stop if we don't correlate
It's all good, I respect the paper chase
But how I align these words'll make you swerve quick if you switch into my lane
Claim my faith. 20 years of age working like I'm 35
Doe ain't me. Got the fire in me
Was crazy as a teen, had mama mortified
Now I multiply my change, get real things that we all divide
Not money, ain't blowing trees. Rhymes getting me more than high
They sip lean, I lean in my ride. My homies know I'm trying
To be a role model to these kids with no model
Searching for inner beauty, distracted by Vogue models
Won't bottle thoughts. God called aubdible. Full throttle
Stop your nonsense. Forget profit and get progress
Ain't defined by the process
But I'm stopped if concepts involve God
Or if I'm raw and I speak for a cause and not the applause
You never saw how we starved or all the hours
No money when we perform
Working til dusk from dawn
Mom calling, ain't home
Recording alone. Doors closed
Persisting through the conditions we was given
Not for glory or pity partys. Just to follow his orders, give quality
What's more important, being popular or being honest?
Ignore the real but you'll never ignore the skill
So I pour my heart and give em something to feel
What's the deal. If I die, I hope that I'm inside His Will. Only one way
Aiming for the sky like a runway

[Hook]
Nothing but a runway