[Verse 1:Michaelangelo]
Uh. Got that jimmy for your neutron
Huh, the boy genius. Better than the previous
Hip hop made me sick, got that mad influence
I ain't fucking with these kids
Yo the price is wrong bitch
I don't need no fucking coupon. Tina yeah she 2 on
Somebody body bag that bitch I ain't tryna hear that shit
It's the ill company, Baycement Records, better know it
The one who wrote bogus, the poet with the focus
With the lotus for y'all jokers. Man this shit was ready spoken
Got the notice on the door, Aiming for your CORE
Hella fake so u bliss. Dawg I keep my mouth shut
Keep my name out yo shit. Boi this the Trojan war
Beats from Salvador. Homie, Ain't no amateur
Like the HULK I'm incredible, afrocentric seminal
Hip hops the GAMMA RAYS. HIP HOP HOORAY!
Fuck is hip hop TODAY? Fuck it I got 2 a school
Where they don't know Nas. Guess they shit is real potent
Have em frozen in the ocean, praying hoping 4 a miracle
Michael Digital, very very critical, saving you is minimal
Can't you see my OMENS?, No opponents I'm devoted
All you rodents on my scrotum, look like totems, just awoken
Tell em open, now I'm focused, I'm so cogent on you fools
Open to the rules, didn't go to middle school
Where The fuck is 2Pac buried I'ma find him with a GHOUL
Tryna revive, keep em alive. Look at the moon, it's midnight. Uh
Wasn't abide, planets aline, wit his demise, watch'em arise
Looked at my eyes, shouting (west side!)

[Hook]
Now, Fuck the world, full of fakes ain't shit. I ain't got my handout
I ain't ask for it. Ain't no fashion bitch, pop a aspirin
Cause your average shit is exasperate. Uh. (x2)


Now we gotta look for biggie, Easy E & big L
Coming for the rest of them. Pac gotta get a gun
With the whole crew, snatching Goku
Staying low key, looking for the dragon balls, fuck is master Roshi?
Survival of the fittest, can't be fucking with these bitches
If you headed for the biggest, tryna get the money riches
Sport, this is BIG business/ don't have limits by the critic
Cause they witches that I shit on. (Uh.)

Said I should already been on, khandi Alexander
Fuck yo manners put my spit on
Staying here forever like I  got a fucking tenure
But they love me like a substitute. While they doing it in subterfuge

(what the fucks a subdafudge?)

To live and die in SJ
Truth be told I'm getting older and we still fucking broke
Ain't no joke, can u dig it? I ain't never been a chump
I ain't never gave a fuck, unless its family. How can it be?
Momma should've banished me. Fuck it, we in agony
"Why god" turns to blasphemy.  Moving steady, rapidly
Can't you feel my rhapsody?  Scheming, working, strategies
Why they looking mad at me? Like I'm going to academy

They don't want me rapping see?
Bout the real brutalities. All the damn casualties
Never had normality. (Fuck) What yall want on the really?
Want me, acting silly. Cuz it's really artificial, phony, imitation, faux, fake, bitch