[Intro: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Whatchu want nigga, whatchu whatchu want nigga?
Whatchu want nigga, whatchu whatchu want nigga?

[Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G.]
I'm sticking ice picks on the tip of ya dick
Give your testicles a swift kick, ain't that some shit?
Am I hard hard core? Harder than the Plymouth
It ain't no myth, it's a nigga with a spliff
And a chrome four fifth pressed on ya back
So what you want, nigga? How you wanna act?
I hope civilized cause I love to see niggas die
Brains all leaking out on the street
And the pastor preaching "He was a good man."
Played the bad man when the burner was in his hand
Now he's singing sad songs with Elvis
Three to the head, bout six cross the pelvis
You fuck with the high guy, ya die
You the same motherfucker yelling "Look up in the sky!"
I'm on some old neck shit
Suplex shit, hardcore sex shit
And TEC shit, whatchu want nigga?!

[Hook: ???, The Notorious B.I.G, talking]
Whatchu want nigga, whatchu whatchu want nigga? (x8)
(Poppin' that straight up, niggas really know)
(True hardcore, fuck is wrong with you?)
(Junior M.A.F.I.A)
(OGB)
(50 Grand, yeah)

[Verse 2: The Notorious B.I.G.]
A repetitive loop
All I need to destroy a soloist or group
Huh, I put it to ya boy
Hope you got the scoop
Biggie Smalls, the rap genius
I keep the Glock by the penis, the cleanest cut
Fuck the sluts with the big humongous butts
Huh, I use a rubber, but
My style is gushy like the hooker's pussy
And it don't take a lot of back talk to push me
Into flamin' 'em, like that little nigga Damien
Pop 19 to my motherfuckin' cranium
Game tight, gun totin' motherfucker
Niggas in the grave thought Biggie was a sucker
I tricked 'em -- I gave 'em work then I sticked 'em
I stripped 'em, cause niggas don't want the friction
Told you before how I bring the drama
Slam Larry Johnson and his Grandmama
Whatchu want nigga?!

[Hook: ???]
Whatchu want nigga, whatchu whatchu want nigga? (x8)


[Verse 3: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Fuck around and feel the fury of a high nigga
When I get busy, throw your hands to the sky nigga
I got the illest of the ill mentality, niggas be grabbing me
Knowing that they'd rather be stabbing me
All up in my back, trying to take my track
When I used to sell crack, I ain't have problems like that
Street rules, watch your pockets and your jewels
A nigga front? Throw the gat to the fools
Tears don't effect me, I hit 'em with the TEC, G
Disrespect me? My potency is deadly
Once the venom hits the cerebellum
My lips get chapped, and my hards start swellin'
Keep the nine millimeter by the Peter
To kill a motherfucker, don't a think feel sweeter
Oooohh, it make my head hurt, the blood spurt
The robbery expert's berserk
Whatchu want nigga?!

[Hook: ???]
Whatchu want nigga, whatchu whatchu want nigga?
Whatchu want nigga, whatchu whatchu want nigga?
Whatchu want nigga, whatchu whatchu want nigga?
Whatchu want nigga, whatchu whatchu want nigga?
Whatchu want nigga, whatchu whatchu want nigga?
Whatchu want nigga, whatchu whatchu want nigga?
Whatchu want nigga, whatchu whatchu want nigga?
Whatchu want nigga, whatchu whatchu want nigga?