[Intro:]
“The only thing I'm seeing I'd like to put an amend on
Perhaps a little more room here for the fixins, you know what I’m talkin bout?”
“Oh, we gon' have a lot of fixins”
“We gonna have so many fucking fixins up in this motherfucker
This shit gon' go through the roof”
Got damn I'm shittin' gold these days
Hey!
Thugga!
I got ma own mothafuckin day nigga-February 25th
Hey!
Thug Thursday

[Verse 1:]
Top off in that drop head, yea nigga we made it
Pullin up in dat Ghost like nigga we made it
Came up from d bottom so dem niggas be hatin
Now all dem haters can say is damn they made it
Boss life live a boss life yea bitch I do
An I fuck dat bad bitch dat’s with you too
Been a boss down south, runnin ma city mayne
Ball wit d boss oh, drive em hoes insane
Errbody know my name ain’t what I claim ain’t never been lame
Keep a couple cool chains an some cool frames
All about gettin change swing in a lane
In d move sane, in a drop ‘Rarri
In a matte white Ghost, or whatever
Hey, I just keep gettin better, Thugga stay bout dat cheddar
I’m a young OG, errbody know me
Rollin wit ma trophies, keep a dime piece shotgun, hell yea she gon ride wit me
Cause Ima act a damn fool, and I’m so damn cool
Pullin up in dat Rolls like nigga we made it!
I’m not platinum but I’m already platinum
I’ve been d shit when y’all niggas cappin
Had a Rolls Royce Phantom talkin years ago
Matter of fact that shit was back in ‘04!
Hell yea, nigga we made it!
Came up from the hood livin good, nigga we made it!
Bitches be talkin down on d G an dem haters be hatin
I don’t give a fuck, guess what, nigga we made it!

“I’m wondering why so many people are tryin to tell me to slow down
Seems like mothafucka should be shuttin d hell up an enjoyin d show”

[Verse 2:]
Hey!
Put some mothafuckin shades on, block d sun
Cause my top down like I’m number one
Ridin round lookin like a don
An ima fuck yo bitch fo’ fun
Hard life I lived a hard life
I look like I play ball right?
Got about a quarter mil sittin up on ma chest
You niggas still ain’t ballin yet
Nigga we made it, nigga we made it!
Ballin in dis bitch
Feel like I’m d bawn when I’m in my shit
Got a big penthouse, 3,000 square feet
Got a G, like me, feelin like nigga we made it!
Now what d fuck dem haters can say?
I been d shit, bitch we don’t play
At d cribs makin hits all day
Nigga we made it! (nigga we made it!)