Chorus:
He telling her that I sing too much (Okay)
She told me I don't sing enough (Okay)
Seems your lady can't get enough (Nah!)
Of my music and that's because
I'm the baddest, (Y'all know I'm the
Baddest baby!) the baddest (Know what I'm
Talking about?)
Always keep it trill (Chamillitary mayne!)
If you don't love me, (if you don't
Love me) why are you still here?
(Why you here?)
Say that she loves me, (Okay) better, (Okay)
When I'm, (Okay) chopped and slowed
(You liked that, huh? Chopped and
Slowed, chopped and slowed, chopped and
Slowed, yeah..)

Chamillionaire
Yeah, who the best? Who the best? (Best!)
Then she looked at me said, "You the
Best, you a mess (Mess) that I need
To clean" (Okay)
Wanna be my queen (Okay)
East and west wing everything that's in between
Bed (Huh), room (Huh)
If you even assume that you can handle that then
You can call and meet your, doom (Come on, BOOM!)
I have you singing to my tune (Tune)
Sequel coming soon you won't wake up until, noon (Woo!)
She wanted me to spoil her, kiss the
Pinky ring, then she told me I should
Call her (Call her)
Another girl coming after her tomorrow
Messed up hair and go straight to the beauty parlor
True, I am the equivalent to cool (Cool!)
Shiver in your knees see them wiggle in your shoe
You, tried to say what you would do (Woo!)
But your outcome didn't really go as smooth
You, didn't see you going be as hooked, as a red fish
Saw the bait and you got took (Took!)
And the competitors are shook
Wishing they can walk in my foot Loo-look

Chorus:
He telling her that I sing too much
She told me I don't sing enough
Seems your lady can't get enough
Of my music and that's because
I'm the baddest, the baddest
Always keep it trill
If you don't love me, why are you still here?
Say that she loves me, better, when I'm, chopped and slowed
Find more similar lyrics on http://mp3lyrics.com/RBCQ
Chopped and slowed, chopped and slowed
Chopped and slowed, yeah..

[Girl speaking]
I got to get you something
I don't have a lot, you know
But, I know I'm gonna be able to get you like a
Half a karat grain, and I'm just--
You know, it's, it's not a lot
You know, I know what you got
It definitely shows, where I'm coming
From and where my heart is..
Sigh And I'm so excited, I'm so fucking excited
I, called my mom and she wants to meet you and
She wants to know your real name!
It's like, WOW, slow down!
I don't know his real name but--

Chamillionaire
Two Mixtape Messiahs CDs later
Still telling your friends how Chamill' is so player
Treat your own man like Chamillionaire's greater
You ain't never home and you told him, "Don't wait up"
Wait up, now he turning to a hater?
All on my dot com, tell him get up off my data
While I'm on the grind and I'm trying to lift the state up
Shorty, I'mma holla at you later
Huh, Chamillionator (Whoo!)

Chorus:
He telling her that I sing too much
She told me I don't sing enough
Seems your lady can't get enough
Of my music and that's because
I'm the baddest, the baddest
Always keep it trill
If you don't love me, why are you still here?
Say that she loves me, better, when I'm, chopped and slowed
Chopped and slowed, chopped and slowed
Chopped and slowed, yeah..

Chamillionaire (During Chorus)
First of all, if you think I sing too much
Then all you gotta do is turn it off
Plenty of other rappers you could listen to
Don't let 'em hate
Know what I'm saying?
It's okay to feel the Chamilli
You know what I'm talking about?
It's okay to feel the Mixtape Messiah series
Don't be bamboozled, hoodwinked, led astray Haha, ?
Y'all know what it is...
Huh, Chamillitary mayne!