[Intro]
Come back to the street (yeah) come back to the street (yeah)
Come back to, come back to, come back to the street (Chamillionaire)
Even when I'm not there I'm there like air
Fresh off the plane from Spain and uhh
Back to reclaim the rap game is yours truly
C'mon say it with me, Chamillitary mayne

[Hook]
You should worry 'bout you while you worry 'bout me
At the top of the charts is where you know that I'll be
I got the streets on lock down and I'm insertin' my key
I got the game on smash (uhh)

[Verse]
Had to make a couple trips up to the islands now I'm internationally known
Had to make another switch (switch) my provider got the international phone
Had to add a little bit (bit) to the rider
First class how I asked to be flown
And they kept ca-allin' me tellin' me:"Get back in your zone"
These boys is cartoon characters too much imagination
It's a little too much animation
Callin' me cause they know Cham can erase 'em
Traveled all over the world and my experience is
That y'all experienceless, y'all ain't experience shit
Yeah, I grabbed the Grammy I'm holdin' one
Got plenty stripes way more than some
Hush your mouthpiece hold your tongue
No obstacle could ever slow my run
When it come to rappin' I'm the coldest one
Put my hand in the air and I froze the sun
Platinum plaque and not a golden one
Then I look at y'all like:"I told ya, uhh!"
Been a boss when them cars
Pull up I bet you that men'll pause
Yeah men-o-pause like women drawers
I bet ya I'll show you how to kill that noise
Phantom of the Opera passin' by ya copper
In the new Phantom, phantom is a dropper
Cash I got a lot ya mad cause you are not the talk up in the streets and mad cause you are not, uhh
They say it's got to be street
They say it's got to be street
They say it's got to be street
Don't go commercial Koopa it's got to be street
The major label ain't the only thing Universal about me
Come back to the streets (uhh) come back to the streets
Them gimmick rappers they focus most of these jokers is jokers
But I don't even play poker, pullin' down your cheesy lookin' posters
They look up to me like a bird, I look down on them like the curb
My movement lookin' like it's movin', your movement look like a ERRRT!

[Interlude]

[Hook]
You should worry 'bout you while you worry 'bout me
At the top of the charts is where you know that I'll be
I got the streets on lock down and I'm insertin' my key

[Chamillionaire]
Yeah, yeah
Life I live is just like a movie
I'm a corporation they tryin' sue me
Phony people be tryin' glue me
To they side and try stick it to me
Lucky for me that I got the toolie
Not Black & Decker but it's black I'll bet ya
Stay in the streets, do that for pleasure
So much paper they ask to measure
When the ruler of stackin' mula is speakin' to ya, don't interrupt
Middle finger up on the ceilin', somebody gonna f you up
Don't let the black tux fool you cause I am not the one
I come out the suit like, Like Clark Kent to make sure you're done
Rappers ain't real rappers, they fakers and fronters
They Caucasian in the winter then turn Jamaican in the summer
Flippin' with pimp man that straw in ya
You know they ain't just some gunners
Personal trainers that'll bring a couple thangs and make you a runner
Kinda like the producers that made this track (track)
We producin some major stacks (stacks)
And you losers need to face the facts
Put up your deuces the ace is back
Take out the rappers you think are wack
Put Chamillitary in place of that
Watch I'ma race in and take the plaques
Then I unloosen a case of BLAP, BLAP!

[Interlude]

Dial tone

(Answering machine)
Your message for: Chamillitairy Mayne
When you have finished recording you may hang up or press pound for more options

(Crying Spanky)
I've seen your car man
Know what I'm sayin'?
You gotta.. You gotta whole platinum ... Bentley man
The whole thing platinum!
You ain't even got a girl, a Rolls Royce lady
You got a whole real lady
You know what I'm sayin', with real booty
I touched it!
You know what I'm sayin'
I just think that's kinda messed up man. That you sweatin' me over that man
You know I don't have money!
I've seen you pull out a whole meat loaf of money, you know what I'm sayin', at the.. at the strip club and just made it rain!
Man you made it thunder, lightning, thunderstormin', a tornado came
You only gave me 40 dollas man! I couldn't make it drizzle!
You know what I'm sayin'? It wasn't wet man.. it was hot.. it was cold outside
I'm all hungry man
You ate a lobsterannihilator man. I've seen you man!
How you gonna have steakannihilators man? How you gonna do that man?
You gonna floss in front of me man?
I asked you for a knife. You gave me a chrome platinum knife with diamonds at the end man
I couldn't even kill myself it was so pretty!
Man forget you man! FORGET YOU!
Imma do somethin' to you man!

Call me back