[Intro]
Yeah!
You gotta have "Ammunition"... [gun-cocks]
Plenty of it... silencers... rapidfire! [automatic gunshots]
LET'S GET IT! [shot]

[Hook]
Just give me two homes in different locations
Just make one a little more spacious;
And two rollies dipped in gold faces
And two girls that's known to switch places!
Ready? Let's get that!
Let's get that! - Let's go!
Let me know if you with that!
You with that? - Let's go!

Just give me two yellow bones with cute faces
Gotta be bad can never be basic!
TV screens is looking like "Matrix"
Cars so fast, the police can't chase it!
Ready? Let's get that!
Let's get that! - Let's go!
Lemme know if you with that!
You with that? - Let's go, we can get it now!

[Verse 1]
See everybody act like they the man to watch
But I don't even see them running half the block!
Influenced by the Michael Watts and RAP-A-LOT
I won a Grammy and I still ain't took it out the box!
When I was comin' up, I never had a lot!
So now I want it all, I gotta have your spot!
Now everybody actin' like it's candy drops
But they bitin' like when Tyson and Evander box
Oh, well I still will ride fresh switch 'Lacs every season
Kick a door down, my raps what they needin'
Couple bad women that'll pledge their allegiance
Never broke hoes, coach bags are deceiving!
Two straps on me, never dealin' with a pat down
While I'm walkin' to the private jet in the background!
I didn't see a throne, that's why I never sat down!
Pass it to the king like cats out in Sac-Town!
No Demarcus, I don't give a damn, it's no instagram, I'm just into Cham'!
Open hands and then enter grands; anythin' I got, I'm gon' get again!
Killin' all y'all, tell me what do y'all call!
Bad guy that never pass! I the villain ball hog!
You on the come up but I'm playin' "duck hunt"
When I put my guns up, that's the day that y'all fall!

[Verse 2]
You ain't playin' in the game; you a lame, you a mascot!
Always trynna criticize the things that we rap 'bout
While I'm movin' like a pair of J's on the blacktop;
You don't run a thing but out of space on your laptop!
I'm a start a tab my change never max out
Main broke rapper, main one pullin' cash out!
Ima have yo' woman on swangs in my Lac drop
You don't like it? You can catch a fade like a flat top
Lame get a name, y'all lames tell 'em: "That's hot! "
Not me! I say I never bought it, boy!
I'm comin' for the money like an auditor
Look how I murdered everybody that you thought was raw!
It don't mean that you made it if you on a tour;
You're not a headliner if you're on a four!
Anybody got beef, I'm a carnivore
Don't make me rain on your parade like it's Mardi Gras!
Not Mardi Gras, it's not February! Not January, it's Ben & Jerry!
Mixed with some liquor, it's a Bloody Mary
Such a nasty flow it's unsanitary!
Gettin' motion sickness cause I roll the sickest
On the road to riches and you know the business;
Cause the flow is vicious, you supposed to witness;
When I get it, I'mma be like: "What I told you, snitches? "

[Bridge]
Show time! (show time!) Turn down the lights, it's show time! (damn right!)
And this world is mine, no lie! (no lie!)
Turn up the brights and let's shine, (alright!)
Cause this world is all mine, hmmmmm!

[Outro]
Should never be a question in your mind about it!
Stay loaded! [gun cocks]
Chamillitary!
See? You call it motivation... [automatic gunshots]
I call it... "Ammunition"! [shot]