[Hook: Chamillionaire singing]
Big Swangaz and Vogues
Them 20 inches sittin low
We Ball 24/7. All that we know
Screens and neon lights gon' show
When my trunk unlock, pop, and show
You already know
Paint drippin' off the door
Not engaged with no lady, fall in love with em', no
You may think I'm crazy; never knew this type of love before
I'm love with my foreign, yes I'm married to my dough
I'm in love with my money... mmmm

[Chamillionaire]
You can catch me sqeezin' grain
Sittin' crooked on Ds and swangs
"Color Changin' Lizard? He's insane"
Ya woman missin'? Then he's to blame
Charge it to the game. Keep the change
Most marriages blossom and die
When its over, I'm tellin' her bye
But she act like I'm tellin' a lie
While you fallin in love with a "she"
I rather be doublin' a G
Could you see me in a car that rhymes with "rent me" and starts with a B?
Could you see a Bent-ley
Parked in the crunkest spot in yo' hood?
Candy coat on top of the hood
And my fist on top of the wood
Sparklin' good
Say you ain't after my change? I don't believe ya
If a skeezer ask me to feed her
With my Visa, then I'm gon leave her
Koopa don't want, ya koopa don't need ya
"But I Love You!" Thats sweet
I rather be ridin' on glass feet
With leather up under my ass cheeks
It's not like I changed over night
Been actin' like this since last week
Better Ask P: my money stretched like an athelete at a track meet
Seen him last week in a Jag Jeep
"But they don't even make them yet, cousin!"
Ok I'm lyin'. I don't know what it was
But I swear that boy was sittin on buttons
I know you want a relationship with a baller, but no thanks
Look, I'd rather be shinin' my twanks
You must think this is a bank but it ain't
Money increase and never will shrink
Hoes that be dykin', even be fightin'
When I pull up on 20 inch titans
Cause I got what them girls be likin'
Them uhhh...

[Hook]

[Paul Wall]
Hold on, hold up a second mayne
I never mack to a metro dame
You better respect the game
See my gecko chain and correct ya brain
I love my car like it was my girlfriend: I like to carress the grain
Fondled the wheel and I got aroused
I swung in the ditch and I wrecked the frame
Broke up with my foreign car and fell in love with a cadillac
The Ringling Brothers inquired to how my trunk turns flips like an acrobat
I act a rat, cause I'm from the gutter
Ya girl stutter when I pull up next to ya
You been with the girl 6 months, Paul Wall
Is the reason she won't give sex to ya
Why all that plex in ya?
Cause a German company made my rims?
My big body's pregant with twins. I'm 'bout to induce a baby Benz
Ya car was fly in the hood, but my candy paint just wet ya flames
I'm sittin on 22 inch baby sitters babelous threatin' ya name
Forgot to change the diaper so when I crept in the lane, I left a stain
Everytime it rains, paint drips. It makes a mess, and I get the blame
My TVs are the pet I train. I can make 'em roll over and play dead
My paint was blue on the freeway, but when I stopped at the lightx it changed to red
You better rearrange ya head, thinkin' I treat my cash to a broad
Go ahead and ask ya broad: I got more green than the grass in a yard
And that's so raw. It ain't hard for me to get the class to applaud
I shine like a blasting star, glass on my car more blacker than tar

[Hook 2x]