[Intro: Chamillionaire]
Yeah (let her go.. let her go, let her go, let her go)
Chamillitary mayne (yeahhhhh pimp mode)
You know I stay in (pimp mode)
You know I stay in (pimp mode, yeahhhhh, let her go)
She wanna leave (let her go)
You gotta let her breathe baby (let her go)
But if you wanna stay (yeahhhhh pimp mode)
Make sure you wipe your feet on the flo'
Before you step through the do' (pimp mode)
{Chamillitary mayne} Let's go

[Hook: Chamillionaire]
Let me hop right into pimp mode
Got the top down on a fresh set of Vogues
And I push it real slow, slow
I pimp the Caddy real slow (real slow) real slow
Let me hop right into pimp mode
Put the game on 'em, you know how the rest go
Know how the rest go, go
You know I be in pimp mode (pimp mode) pimp mode (pimp mode) pimp mode

[Verse 1: Chamillionaire]
Picture me listenin while she begging (begging)
That ain't even my style (style)
That's a penalty or a foul (foul)
Hit the sidelines and sit down (down)
I ain't even trippin 'bout how many
Of my numbers that she gon' dial (dial)
You'll get ejected from the game now (now)
Watch me out and then hit ya like pow (pow)
You know my stacks gon' stay stackin
Knowin they hate so I'mma stay packin
Knowin Chamillionaire got what they lackin
Havin them ladies showin they back end
Continental Lincoln just stretchin (stretchin)
Stashes hidin my weapon (weapon)
Baby flashin her flesh and (flesh and)
Hopin in turn that I'm sexin
Yes I'm stayin fresh just like Mannie
'Bout to go hit my spot in Miami
Now that I won I'm puttin my Grammy
On the grille and hood of my candy
She talkin 'bout "Can we?" Can we what?
"Please take another vacation?"
I'm like, take another vacation?
You gon' have to sit and stay patient
I control her and remote her (pause)
She doin just what I told her
Got her phonebook in my phone
Ya yellin somewhere up in my folder
I stay choosin 'em like a boulder (boulder)
I told her I'll promote her
Pinkie shinin like it's solar
Game colder than the polar, hold up

[Hook: Chamillionaire]
Let me hop right into pimp mode
Got the top down on a fresh set of Vogues
And I push it real slow, slow
I pimp the Caddy real slow (real slow) real slow
Let me hop right into pimp mode
Put the game on 'em, you know how the rest go
Know how the rest go, go
You know I be in pimp mode (pimp mode) pimp mode (pimp mode) pimp mode

[Verse 2: Bun B]
Well it's a sunny day in the city with syrup and Sunny D
Flippin through sunny side tryin to get me some money G (yup)
Down South on the south side where car seats is sofa soft
If you trill we can conversate, if you ain't, I blow you off
Bun B da king of the trill, the one and the only mayne
My wood linin is suede, my seats is polar mayne
My Air Forces is crocodile, candy and dodo mayne
So when I step out I'm steppin out fly, that's for sho' doe mayne
My Cadillac car is the machine, 26's sittin clean
Cup, full of promethazine for the lean
Knahmean? (Knahmean?) Sittin taller than Yao Ming
Cut the corner them haters fall back and start bowing
Lookin regal in the Regal, presidential in the Lincoln
A baller in the Beamer man what the {fuck} was you thinkin
Me and Koopa wouldn't shine? C'mon, we got you boys squintin
Player Texas is a Grind House, ask Robert or Quentin
We be pimpin

[Hook: Chamillionaire]
Let me hop right into pimp mode
Got the top down on a fresh set of Vogues
And I push it real slow, slow
I pimp the Caddy real slow (real slow) real slow
Let me hop right into pimp mode
Put the game on 'em, you know how the rest go
Know how the rest go, go
You know I be in pimp mode (pimp mode) pimp mode (pimp mode) pimp mode

[Outro: Female & (Chamillionaire)]
What do you mean you ain't gonna save me?
I don't need nobody to save me (oh yeah?)
And you talkin about pimp, P.I.M.P.? (In the flesh)
You know what that mean to me? (What?)
Paper In My Pocket (hahaha)
Now pull out your credit card
Let's see if you can make my bank account break (man you crazy)
What color is your card? Oh is it black? (American Express)
Cause if it ain't, you need to step your game up
Rookie! (Man who you callin a rookie? Get up out my car!)
Uh, I was just playin baby, you know I love you
(Yeah aight, I hope you love to walk, get out)