[Chamillionaire]
We certified platinum now baby
So I think it's time we give a toast to the Connection between the South
And the West Coast
And prepair for the remix with the L.A. and the bay Area

Police in L.A. to the Bay
Be hoping that they gon catch me ridin dirty
Tryna catch me ridin dirty (*4X*)
The West coast remix, lets get paid
Cause you know that you hustlers be up bright and Early
Tryna catch me ridin dirty (*4X*)

[Chamillionaire]
Its the youngin from Houston Texas
That you know always be spittin flames
Hustlers in the streets mess with me
Cause they know I ain't to thug gimmicks mane man
Private jet when I hit the west
You know I had to mess with DJ Quik and Game
I must impress that I am the best
If you dont like it then quit the game
Can't stop it stop it like its a train
Pulled over my tour bus
Said to my road manager
"Dont talk to me like you're tough"
Told my DJ and my brother
"Wanna see your pants pulled up"
They didn't see me, I was at MTV
Hosting Sucker Free heh fooled ya!
Yadadi'm saying, yadada mean
Shine all my jewels so my diamonds'll bling
I got a license to ride with the things
So hatin police can just turn off your beams
Yadadi'm saying, yadada mean
Bird watch but ain't finding a thing
The only bird is inside of my bling
Canary diamonds inside of my ring

Police in L.A. to the Bay
Be hoping that they gon catch me ridin dirty
Tryna catch me ridin dirty (*4X*)
The West coast remix, lets get paid
Cause you know that you hustlers be up bright and Early
Tryna catch me ridin dirty (*4X*)

[DJ Quik]
Here's a little fact, ain't this funny
They kill niggas all day for free
Why wouldn't they kill for money?
They pick me up for questioning about B.I.G
Detective probably know more about it than me
Try to gaffle a nigga up all abrupt
The crooked dudes put the "c" in corrupt
He wanna see in my trunk
Dragged me out the car
And threw me face down on the ground
And put his knee in my butt
I'm saying I dont pack guns, I dont sell dope
Just because I whip a lexus
Why I gotta go to court to prove its mine
Your light in my rear-views blinding
What if I wreck, Its your job to serve and protect
I think you're doing too much
In some places y'all ain't doing enough
And I ain't gotta be cuffed and roughed up
While ya mans going pillaging through my stuff
What the hells wrong with y'all?
Ain't forty thousand dollars a year enough for you
And just because I make a whole helluva lot more than you
That dont give you reason to stalk me
You telling me to park my car and walk?
I guess L.A.P.D. means Law Abiding Prevents Death
I hope Ms. Wallace go get her checks
I got lawyers with 100 percent wins
I sued y'all once before and I will do it again

Police in L.A. to the Bay
Be hoping that they gon catch me ridin dirty
Tryna catch me ridin dirty (*4X*)
The West coast remix, lets get paid
Cuz you know that you hustlers be up bright and early
Tryna catch me ridin dirty (*4X*)

[The Game]
Chamillionaire made my grill hundred flores
Made my wheels Lamborgini with
The doors up on 24's I'm paid for real
L.A.P.D wanna lock me up
Impound my lambo, watch me scramble
Eagle on my lap throw bullets like Randell
Bitch in the passenger side grab the handle
Smoke the tires, throw it into first
Hit the chronic throw it in the dirt
Ghetto bird over my shoulders I'm just rolling
Lemme see if that spotlight work
I'm switching lanes, cutting up a swisher mane
I ain't tripping mane, I'm just dipping mane
Trying to get some brains
Sitting back in the Lambo watching the Pistons game
Stop at a light, fans yelling "This The Game!"
You love me and Quik the same
Cause we West Coast veterans
Nobody better than, D.O.C said and
I can't let it in, not here, not now
Throw it into fifth and let the top down
Way too quick I can't be locked down
Foot up on the gas where the cops now
Pull over park the whip
Call Chamillionaire and talk some shit
Almost forgot this bitch head on my lap
Pull the ponytail "Get off my dick!
Matter fact grab your shit, fix your weave
Get your Louie bag and get out my whip
One more thing, you forgot your wire bitch!"

Police in L.A. to the Bay
Be hoping that they gon catch me ridin dirty
Tryna catch me ridin dirty (*4X*)
The West coast remix, lets get paid
Cause you know that you hustlers be up bright and early
Tryna catch me ridin dirty (*4X*)