[Intro: Talking]
We have the elegant styles of Chamillitary ba... hmm? what?
We have the elegant styles of the Chamillitary Band
On the bass drum you have the elegant Boast of Bobo
"The Big Face Spender", and on the bass guitar you have Tonto "The Human Beer Blender"
Give it up for Justo's Dirty South DJ of the Year
I'm sure y'all know the scratch patterns of uhhh...
Uhhh... OG Ron C aka "The Jizzle my Shizzle" oh!, you on fire baby
So as we get on to the proceedings this evening, it's yours truly...
Chamillitary mayne

[Chorus]
You ain't gotta go home (you ain't gotta go)
But you gotta get the hell up outta here
If you got someone (somebody)
Then go get you a room at The Holiday Inn
If you ain't got no one (nobody)
Then go have some fun by yourself (ohhh yeaaah)
But whatever you do
Don't let the door knob hit you on the way out

[Verse 1]
Niggas was throwing rocks at the thrown and I got word of that
The sequel to The Messiah  for what, I already murdered that
Niggas hating on me but look at 'em, the nerve of that
Nigga this ain't this type of beef you can't take the burger back
Burn it back, into my pocket I'm trying to stop it
Unless your mouth keeps leaking
Dick back in your socket
How does it feel, to know you wasted your whole lifetime
Living your whole lifetime just to worry 'bout mine
Gimmick niggas was dissing me, he was fake they was missing me
Came to replace and make history, B I made 'em history
You could feel like you real because that feeling
Eventually gonna shrivel up when reality turns it into misery
You niggas is killing me with your wannabe me's
You a artist, we bosses the one's that fund the CD's
All you gonna-be, wannabe, gonna punish me please
You got me laughing, I'm asking if niggas wanna be Steve
Harvey, no your hardly, funny at all
Runnin' the Game not at all, homie your running your jaw
We grown folks, kiddie schoolers need to go run up the hall
Nigga's boring, just ignore 'em and the dummy'll fall
My brother is my descendant, we running a mile a minute
Hut, hut! it's time to win it, I'll see you behind the finish
If you get there, quit there
Got your Swisha lit player?
Blow smoke in the air for the Color Changin' Click, chea...


[Bridge: Talking]
That was incredible
That was incredible there, Chamillionaire
Good job, good job
We'd like to take this time out, ladies and gentlemen, to give a shout out to some of the true players; bunch of beautiful ladies (y'know I'm saying?). A nice beautiful crowd tonight...is that, is that George Jetcret, I mean George Lopez? I see ya up there ... spinning cards don't stop, checkbooks are out of style. I want a big-face spenda. Ok, reverend. Chyeah!

[Chorus]
You ain't gotta go home (you ain't gotta go)
But you gotta get the hell up outta here
If you got someone (somebody)
Then go get you a room at The Holiday Inn
If you ain't got no one (nobody)
Go have some fun by yourself (ohhh yeaaah)
But whatever you do
Don't let the door knob hit you on the way out

[Verse 2]
Thank you, too kind
Ladies and gentlemen, homie must be on heroine
Victory for me, but he thought he would have the narrow win
My aim is to blame, when I load it inside the barrel
And put the third eye on him and do a little more than stare at him
Poet, I know it a mister modern day Shakespeare
I'm a writer, survival; what it is?  It ain't fear
The absolute truth is just something some niggas can't hear
He don't live here no mo', he got convicted he ain't here
How the heck you set fiction on a table, put truth aside
What you speaking my nigga, you can't look me into my eyes?
The good Lord spoke the truth and that just got him
Crucified, y'all scared of the sharp dagger
Your trading your truth for lies
Look me in my eyes, never mind I ain't trying to spook ya
Voice of the present, the past, yup I'm the future
Soon as you speak the truth all the haters will try to
Mute ya, but if you the truth arbitrators will call ya Koopa
Martin Luther King Koopa
Many of 'em will listen, but if you can't take the
Heat than get ya hot ass out the kitchen
I heard words from Makaveli riding was the ambition
So I bomb first on fake niggas like I'm in his position
"Aye Chamillion you trippin'," nuh-uh I'm handling business
Raise my hand to the man and my right hand as my witness
I got a fo' to the fizzle that's sure to damage your
Fitness, but it ain't really even that serious to tan ya with stitches
P you actin' suspicious, you know me better than that
If it was for a false reason I would never react
But you know me better than rap, niggas was telling me facts
So you could miss me with publicity if they telling me that, never that

[talking]
Thank you, thank you I appreciate the support
Everyone please take your seats, I'm not done
There's more...

[Verse 3]
In this world of falsifying where niggas be claiming they real
Turn around and tell you a lie 'bout what he paid on his grill
Same nigga that talk big 'bout what he made on his deal
The same that ask me for advice like "They don't pay me Chamill"
Rappers ain't really real only a few of 'em ball
Pissy colored diamonds yup I'm one of the few of 'em y'all
Talking about yo' piece and chain and a few lil' cars
Four thousand to five thousand for what you do as a start
But keeping money in the vault is the hardest part of the art
Knowledge got my crew smart even when my crew is apart
"Chamillionaire you did 'em wrong, why don't you get a heart?"
If I showed it to you would you see what it could do in the dark?
Whether you like it or not don't really matter to me
Cause most of the love I normally keep inside my family tree
So you can gossip 'bout what really happened with
Hatta and me, or you can gossip how so and so way badder than me
It don't really matter to me, because I'm done with it now
The maturity level that I'm at isn't even fun for a child
So set your mouse pad on the internet and punish my style
Or set your Reeboks on the streets of Houston running me down
It's whatever I been better at proving a nigga wrong
Tell Goliath I don't need rocks to prove a lil' nigga strong
So tell Watts, forgive me I'm grooving I'm in my zone
Property of Mike who?  He ain't here that little nigga gone

[Outro: Talking]
How come niggas who can't count always trying run the domino table? Cat is that you? I see you over there. You missing a couple zeros from that check you owe me, but I still got love for you. Tell you partner Big Nick to stop showing his bones, I can see big 6 from here, and I don't mean the car. Oooh, I'm a on a roll. Haha

Psst...psst..hmmm...what
Sorry to stop the music, but we have a blue Bentley parked outside, that's blocking the entrance, with the license plate reads um B...O...S...S. Well I don't know who's that is, but could you please move it because you're about to get towed

Thank you, thank you. Beautiful evening, you ain't to go home, but you got to get the hell up out of here