[Intro: Jim Jones]
Yeah... I know
I-I was saying the same thing, you know
Shit is different
A lot of false prophecies, different philosophies
Nigga's talking 'bout art on the wall
We just tryna get money
And who got the best price

[Verse 1: Jim Jones]
Tryna move that pack of loud
We don't know no basquiat
Graffiti was Picasso
They say you're greedy if you got dough
If you're poor, well you're just poor
Make sure that the bricks raw
Bag a whole brick with a sip straw
Watch the law or get picked off
Two whores, thirty sixth floor
2 door but it fit four
A good night, it could turn bad
Good life but it burn fast
Lost friends and the game folds
More money, more problems what the saying go
Hustle all week in the same clothes
Funny now, nigga why cause I make clothes
Every night is another chapter
I ain't writing letters to no other rappers
I ain't bowin' down to no false gods
Big four pound better call god
Two pounds and it's all hard
Few pounds in the goyard
You ain't catching, will you catch it later?
Ya bitch text, Imma text later
My nigga Chris say preach to 'em
Now I'm thinking what Sheek Doin'
If shit were different he'd be back with me
And I ain't different, got the gat with me

[Hook: Charlie Rock (w. Jim Jones)]
Sa-ding, they don't make a man like me, they don't make a man like me no more
Made a few change for a body, now I see around, nigga's don't love me no more
(wh-where's the love?) But it ain't nothin' to a g, I swear I feel I got my back on the wall (Oh y'all gon do that?) But it ain't nothin' to a g, I swear I feel I got my back on the wall, Wall (You gon put my back against the wall? You want me to come out swinging huh?) But it ain't nothin' to a g, I swear I feel I got my back on the wall, wall (hah, my young boys wanna come out shootin')

[Verse 2: Jim Jones]
Roses in my garden
Roses in my driveway
They ain't given pardons... if I would’ve got pulled over on the highway
Bow your head, saving our fathers
Bring me back, like the godfather
God body in a wide body
My nigga Rock came back from a live body
What's the knowledge is today’s math
Make tomorrow of the day pass
Ramadan don't break fast
This is church like late mass
Hoes train us to make cash
Bad bitch, she was training to shake ass
Know some good nigga's... but they all creeps
Get caught up in the hood nigga, it's hard to come back when you fall deep
They coming back like four deep
One car all black with four heats
Vamp life, whatchu call sleep?
Camera phone we can call freaks
B-boys on south beach... new toys, no drops, without heat
Pray for the lost souls

[Hook: Charlie Rock]
Sa-ding, they don't make a man like me, they don't make a man like me no more
Made a few change for a body, now I see around, nigga's don't love me no more
But it ain't nothin' to a g, I swear I feel I got my back on the wall
But it ain't nothin' to a g, I swear I feel I got my back on the wall, wall