[Intro: Jim Jones (Drake sample)]
Uhh, the mighty Set
Santana, what's up?
It's more like a movement you need be in tuned with
Killa the Don, what's good?
{Heatmakerz, crack music} Dipset
(Diplomatic immunity... immunity... immunity...)
Uh huh, yeah we back
(Immunity... immunity...)
Huh, ya favorite neighborhood drug dealers, haha
(Diplomatic immunity) Jones!

[Verse 1: Jim Jones]
Uhh, way before we was dropping knowledge on samples (listen)
We was, cutting raw when using bottles of samples (facts)
Few made it out, but I only recall a handful (couple)
Most got locked and turn to T-shirts and candles (fuck shit up)
In the, war zone where bodies pop up dead (Harlem!)
Big difference from the cops and the Feds (check that out)
A big difference from the (?) and drop head ('bout a hundred thou')
I told 'em use it as my casket if I drop dead (clean)
Money, Power & Respect is what The LOX said (Jada, what up?)
He showed a lot of lack of respect is what the cop said (fuck the cops)
Paparazzi flicks on the 6 page (click, click, click)
Grimy bunch with the .40's by the rib cage
In my 'jects we wanted to be this like Big Dave (R.I.P.)
I been buying Rollies since a kid's age (my 9th one)
4, 5, 6, hop in a 7 Series (bank style)
With drop top shit I can see heaven clearly (pray for me)
Tried to put 'em on the game, but they never hear me (stupid)
Maybe a text is the closest that you getting near me (woo!)
Shit, this life is so ferocious that it's getting scary (ARRGGHH!)
And it's hard to stay focused, my eyes is getting teary, uhh

[Chorus: Drake sample (Cam'ron)]
(Rsonist, what up nigga)
Diplomatic immunity (Ayo Capo, what up man)
Immunity... immunity...
(This Wasted Talent shit, huh?) immunity...
Immunity... (Shit almost got wasted, uhh)
Diplomatic immunity
(We save that shit though)

[Verse 2: Cam'ron]
Diplomatic immunity (yes!)
After I fuck, all these girls wanna score with me
Come get in tune with me
I'm shining like the sun, and girl you looking like the moon to me (Yes you are!)
Your man a Goonie, scared to be in a room with me (that's a fact)
That's detrimental (sure is)
I don't deal with anything that's sentimental
Had cocaine in a rental (Avis)
Nothing sweet, but all my suites are presidential (yup)
Dead presidents,  I'm done with residential (why's that?)
What I mean, man, I bought my own zip code (oh!)
Leave me alone, I go flip mode (what's that?)
Don't care if you black with a big nose
White with pink toes, just how the shit goes
The kid with the sick flow
Jewelry, got Bruce Leroy slash Slick Rick glow
Fuck is you negro... tuu, this shit is crazy

[Chorus: Drake sample]
Diplomatic immunity, immunity...
Immunity... immunity...
Immunity... diplomatic immunity

[Outro]
Priest: Do you know what the fifth is?
Young Calogero: Yes, Father, I know what the fifth is. The fifth is I refuse to answer on the grounds that I'm not incriminated
Priest: The Fifth Commandment
Young Calogero: Thou shall not kill
Priest: That's right. Now, I want you to tell me what happened
Young Calogero: No, Father, I'm not telling nobody nothing
Priest: Don't be afraid, my son. Nobody's more powerful than God
Young Calogero: I don't know about, father. Your guy's bigger than my guy up there, but my guy is bigger than your guy down here