[Intro: Maino (DJ Khaled)]
Yeah! (This the remix!!!)
Remix! (Let It Fly!!! Maino!!!)
Aye!

[Hook: Roscoe Dash]
Hands in the airrrrrrr Let-Let-Let-Let it fly
Drinks in the airrrrrrr Let-Let-Let-Let it fly
Balling in herrrrrrre Let-Let-Let-Let it fly
Let it fly Let it fly Let-Let-Let-Let it fly
(WELCOME TO BROOKLYN!)

[Verse 1: Maino]
Now, Now my name ring, my chain bling, got sparkles over my champagne
My bitches bad, these niggas mad, I guess it's just what the fame brings
Brooklyn boy get plenty love, on the turnpike with my Philly broad
Miami bound with my D.C. chick and we let it fly when we in the club
I'm worldwide I'm certified, pop a bottle my Cali dime
Photogenic, windows tinted, what type of car the Ferrari kind
I'm on the grind never slowin' up, popping cash I'mma throw it up
Haters watch while I do it up, THE REMIX BITCH I'm BLOWING UP!

[Verse 2: Ace Hood]
Ok now hold up, swole up, my bank roll it don't fold up
Hate me nigga so what, twenty grand for me to show up
Next month I want that plus, money long as your tour bus
Hit the club and I let it fly, claim you balling nigga telling lies
Step in the club and it's all eyes, champagne I sip mine
Ball out, ball hard, you can't cause it's rent time
Straight G's on my front line, seven-fifty got Alpine
Blowing bands in that strip club, count it up in your down time
HA!

[Hook: Roscoe Dash]

[Verse 3: Meek Mill]
K O D, M I A, twenty racks, let it fly
That's your man? Excuse yourself, be polite, tell him bye
Hoes know when we in this bitch we make it rain it ain't never dry
Ciroc cups, Cali kush, everybody 'round me hella high, Ha!
Where Maino at? In my new whip with the same old strap
Red beam on it like Kano back, high price for the volcano rap
Put my name on that and the hood go crazy, and the hood go crazy
It's double MG but I'm 'bout that Cash Money like Baby
BITCH!

[Verse 4: Jim Jones]
Bow our heads, say our grace, make it out the hood was Amazing Grace
Forty on the lap just to play it safe, Rollie on ice with the plain face
Tell me how the life with the fame taste? Tell me slow down cause it ain't a race
Bought two cars on the same day, fuck two broads on the same night
Fucked your broad cause my game tight, sit ringside at the main fight
Brand new Airs cocaine white, feels so good but it ain't right
Ha! Ha! Ha! Had ten minutes to make the flight
I told the pilot, let it fly, I'm in BK and I'm in Bed-Stuy

[Hook: Roscoe Dash]

[Verse 5: Wale]
Ok, Polo with no horse though, D.C. well of course though
My whores go when they throat hurt, I switch heads Lee Corso
Game tight with that flow love, Maino well like four jonks
I'm out BK with these fast girls and all my cash good I miss slow bucks
Make a straight lame Joe open up, Tory Burch and she know what's up
No coach bag if I go with that, snake skin tote that cobra clutch
Dough ain't nothing to joke about, she open up when that dough come out
I might bless a chick, say yes a little, but I'm optimistic I'm a throw a knot
WALE!

[Hook: Roscoe Dash]