[Intro]
Street taught us (uh huh)
We could never forget what the streets taught us (not at all)
Love the Harlem streets, rest in peace...
{Heatmakerz, crack music} (uh huh)
Love my Harlem, rest in peace Porter (I love Harlem)
Love my, rest in peace Porter (that's what made me)
Love my Harlem streets (uh huh), uhh
We could never forget what the streets taught us
Love my Harlem streets, rest in peace Porter (Jones!)
We could never forget what the streets taught us (right)
Love my Harlem streets, rest in peace Porter (R.I.P.)
You did the Air Ones, never did the 3 quarters (not at all)
And the Feds still tapping like free water (I see 'em)

[Verse 1]
You gotta look both ways 'fore you cross the street (watch out)
You gotta watch out for them strays from across the street (duck down)
In my day, I was clapping at all the beef (BOOM!)
Start beefing now, man, these rappers might call police (fuck 'em)
I grew up in a country that rather war than peace
In my hood was always war, so I wore the piece (I'm low, shit)
Shit, we had to make a heaven out of hell (uhh)
Uhh, tuu, some made a bed up in the cell (pray for 'em)
I been thinking 'bout Gato, wish I could get him out of jail (Gato!)
And I try not to listen to what they said about Trel (R.I.P.)
I was up when they said I might've fell (facts)
New Bentley truck rolling up and light a L
Like, Brizzy what up, on the hand (facts)
Then burn all the money like what I did to Uncle Sam (I spent that)
And the first time they screaming out the Dips on Summer Jam
When I told Nas, aww man, you niggas understand, well

[Chorus]
Y'all be talking 'bout wars but never fought 'em (y'all don't want smoke)
I've been buying new cars like every Autumn (every year)
Y'all be packing these guns but never shot 'em (who dead?)
And be talking 'bout watches but never got 'em (where them watches at?)
If you catch me in whips, you know I own it
Y'all be talking that shit, we don't condone it (wassup, now?)
Oh you got me fucked up, bitch I'm a savage (bitch I'm a savage)
They should've told you I'm not your average (huh...)

[Verse 2]
I'd rather be ready than staying woke (facts)
'Cause these niggas ain't ready when they be woke (fax me that)
And these bitches be petty but they be broke
All my niggas is deadly, they pray for coke (woo!)
I got niggas deported just like Haitian Jack (6)
With Trump in the office they'll never make it back (damn!)
All my niggas be flossing, hop out the May and 'Bach (dripping)
The connect came home, I gotta pay him back (fuck!)
Shut the fuck up whenever the D's caught us (shut up)
We tried to run whenever we see the Taurus (squalie!)
Did the 5 Series, never did the 3 quarters
Coke price up and down, they tryna see-saw us (I'm dizzy)
They treating Meek like he the Unabomber (Meek, what up?)
Abusing your power, that's how you do your Honor? (fuck that bitch)
We taught to shoot before they shoot the harmless (BOOM BOOM, BOOM, BOOM!)
I hop out the Coupe, I got the crew behind us (Eastside)
(?) yachts with the chef in it (factual)
I be jumping out drops with the TEC in it (try me then)
Shit, I flood the watch and put baguettes in it
Pull up on the block like what's left in it (who got bang?)

[Chorus]
Y'all be talking 'bout wars but never fought 'em (never fought 'em)
I've been buying new cars like every Autumn (every Autumn)
Y'all be packing these guns but never shot 'em (never BOOM!)
And be talking 'bout watches but never got 'em (where them watches at?)
If you catch me in whips, you know I own it (know we own it)
Y'all be talking that shit, we don't condone it (don't condone it)
Oh you got me fucked up, bitch I'm a savage (bitch I'm savage)
They should've told you I'm not your average (ARRGGH!)

[Outro]
They should've told you I'm not your average
Huh, we started this drip
Fuck you think the sauce came from? Ha
Eastside to all my Nine-Trey Billies
Ain't nothing changed, Dipset, the Byrds still fly high
Byrd Gang and we still banging
Nine-Trey Billy shit, 15th Street, you know, bang bang
Regular, Jones...