[Intro: Jim Jones]
Ha, nigga I feel stronger, huh
Ay L's, how you feeling?
I know how Zeek feel
(Heatmakerz)
Ay, Killa, what's up?

[Chorus: Drama]
Deaded all my (?) and it took me longer
(?) stayed down and made me stronger
No matter what I go through can't lose my hunger
I feel stronger, I feel stronger, oh

[Verse 1: Jim Jones]
It's a dedication (what?)
Matter of fact it's a celebration (well let's go)
And I ain't trying to preach but, I had revelation (pray for me)
Now trust me it's hard (ay), but it's must be God (okay)
Cause I been getting money for like 20 plus odd (facts!)
Hard years, must about bought about 20 plus cars (facts!)
God fearing, young nigga, I was hard of hearing (I was bad)
And I ain't holding court
But could be judged for all the cars I'm steering (that's true)
These Audemars I'm wearing
When we pulling up and the hoes be staring (hey baby)
What they need to do is pay homage to the originators (Dipset)
Before the rap, I would stash coke in the refrigerator (word)
Before that, I done sold crack to all the neighbors
Just looking back, I had the lumberjack in all the flavors (Uncle Ricky!)

[Chorus: Drama]
Deaded all my (?) and it took me longer
(?) stayed down and it made me stronger
No matter what I go through can't lose my hunger
I feel stronger, I feel stronger, oh

[Verse 2: Juelz Santana]
Ay, uhh
It's the almighty Dipset
Honey dip, come get your lips wet
You could fuck all of us, yeah bitch, that's Dipsex
Still pushing weight, still pumping iron
You don't wanna see the kid flex
Nigga my arm strong, don't get stretched
Holes in 'em, leave a nigga lookin like fish nets
Got the fishscale in the pyrex, 'bout to whip that, whip that
Your new bitch, that's old news, I did that, been hit that
But for some reason, she miss that, she wanna kidnap my dick back
I may sure that it was gift wrap, (?)
Still got it, that white girl, Katy Perry, no riff raff
Broke nigga, you should fix that
She a hoe, nigga, you can't fix that
She a hoe, nigga, you can't fix that
(?), we live that

[Chorus: Drama]
Deaded all my (?) and it took me longer
(?) stayed down and made me stronger
No matter what I go through can't lose my hunger
I feel stronger, I feel stronger, oh

[Verse 3: Cam'ron]
Uhh, she did her a thing (did her a thing), wallah (wallah)
When she (?), her face look like
She put (?), bye bye
(?) was everywhere like Wi-Fi, word
That weed weed, that lye lye
Killed the kitty cause I'm the cat with nine lives
Then we (?), round 2 we tore up the villa
She like "you really a (?)"
I'm like "don't get too familiar" (chill)
Who can see him? I'd like to see him (please, word!)
Who could beat him? I'd like to meet him (where he at?)
Lunch at Peter Luger, me and ruger, we the rulers
Pay respect, then pay a check
Who you met, come meet (?), baby

[Chorus: Drama]
Deaded all my (?) and it took me longer
(?) stayed down and made me stronger
No matter what I go through can't lose my hunger
I feel stronger, I feel stronger, oh