[Produced by Zukhan]

[Intro: Jim Jones]
I wear a mean dark pair of shades
(You know we can't have one of nuthin', nope)
And you can't see my eyes
(so we had to double up, and do one for the old people)
Unless my head is bent, you dig

[Jay-Z & Jim Jones overlaid vocals]
(It's my turn, now) (Yeah)
We fly high, no lie, you know this (Let's go Jay) (Brooklyn!) (ok)
Foreign rides, outside, it's like showbiz (Bed-sty where you at?) (It's my turn) (okay)
We stay fly, no lie, you know this (Brooklyn!)
(you're playing pitty pat with a chess player) (I hear you)
Hips and thighs, oh my, stay focused
(let's go jay, let me hear something? what you got for me old head?)

[Verse 1: Jay-Z (with Jim Jones overlaid vocals)]
Brooklyn get paper, tote big things
We chase niggas around they own ball game (what else?)
Ball game nigga, it's over for you lames (uh huh)
Gimme back the chain, it's over for you dames (ballin!)
Fuck y'all broads
Didn’t they ever tell you don’t fuck with a man’s family (yeah) They'll fuck with y'all's?
Kidnap mine? (yep)
Nigga I will click-clack push your wig back (I'm scared) further than Tyra Banks' hairline (oh!)
Your bank versus mine
If you're ballin’, (ballin!) nigga what I’m doing can’t be defined
The Joneses (ballin!) can’t keep up
Maybe my nigga Nas, but I got stronger after Ether (okay, okay)

[Chorus: Jim Jones ]
I hear you Jay, My turn
We fly high, no lie, you know this (It's Harlem!)
Foreign rides, outside, it's like showbiz (you know I got a plot baby)
We stay fly, no lie, you know this (ay, you want to play that game!)
(Remix!)
Hips and thighs, oh my, stay focused (oh, I thank you for this)
(Official remix)

[Verse 2: Jim Jones]
Jones! (Jones!)
You say 30’s the new 20 (true)
But you’re 40, I’m 30, so who’s 20? (not you)
And we ballin' swerving in new Bentlies (yep)
Drop top porches that cost about 320 (ballin)
Mommy always told me to aim for the stars (what else?)
And now i'm beefing and i'm aiming at stars (I see you)
I pack heat like it came with the car (loaded)
I catch you in the street and I lay you like a broad (get her!)
I told warning your old ass to chill
Better slow down before your old ass gets killed (bang bang!)
And now they tell me draw the line somewhere (fuck it)
I’ll rather draw nines muthafucka let guns flare (murder!)

[Chorus: Jim Jones]
(uh, you know, we're just having fun)
We fly high, no lie, you know this (Harlem!)
Foreign rides, outside, it's like showbiz (you know, we just remixed the remix, old head)
(ladies) We stay fly, no lie, you know this (go old head, go old head, ay)
Hips and thighs, oh my, stay focused (go old timer)

(Juelz what else do you have to say?)
(fucking old timers, i gotta slow the music up for them)

[Verse 3: Juelz Santana]
Now girl I don't mean to be an agitator
But when I get movin' I'm a smooth operator
Ay, money ain't a thing, that's why I spend it
Ya cars like ya home, everthing rented
I'll buy your building, you'll be my tenant (yep)
My money comes fast just like a leopard
I'm about my green, no it ain't tennis (nah)
Play wit' my green, I'll become ya dentist (check it)
I'll swing that tool around
Then begin the root canal, Blaow
(Dipset) Boy you don't wanna start it here
Only time y'all dudes ball is in a barber's chair (ha)
Baldheads, I'm taking rock and roll to another level
Iced-out skull heads (skull heads)

[Outro: Jim Jones (over Chorus)]
Yeah you know we rock stars
Remix!
(ballin)
Or should I say beef mix!
Ay, ok
Ay Jay were you at, baby?
We appreciate you (ballin) for that remix, baby
You know, if you would have just called me
I might have put you on the remix
Let you say ballin'
But you want to go Brooklyn!
It's all the same thing for me, baby
Heh
They say imitation is the best form of flattery, heh
And I’m flattered, muthafucka
Hey what you can do for me is, uh
Ay, tell Nas to buy you a kuffi for Christmas
So I can smack that shit off your head mothafucka
Oh man
You and Nas remind me of the Golden Girls
Two old bitches (haha)
Ay, don't let me tell them people why you really don't drink Cristal no more
RIP to my man big Pun
Hit you upside you head at the mothafuckin Mirage with that Cristal bottle
Now you just drink Rosay right?
Shit, nigga
Ay, don't let me call Haitian Jack on you
I heard he come in home in a second, nigga
Want me to tell people what he did to you in LA nigga?
Ay nigga don't think i dont know, nigga
Ay when i catch tah tah, i'ma give him a wedgie too nigga
He all included, muthafucka
Stop calling me for a job too, nigga
Unless you want your office next time mines (ha ha)