Locked

OK ok!
More crack, more crack, more crack
Back like cooked crack you motherfuckers
Santana!
Juelz santana, yeah!, dipset, dipset
Yall know me, I'ma take it up another motherfuckin notch, haa!
Right now it's about that time
Yeah!, yeah!
Yo..
Now you ain't never seen a G roll wit this
You a E-hole missin, get ya peep hole missin
Killed an ditched like Nico Simpson
While I'm Chico stickin, Philipeno women
You the type that wear a speedo swimmin, Ina pool a 100 dudes, an just 3 Lil women
Shit!, you couldn't even see those women
An the pool was 3 feet deep, that these hoes went in
Oh no this negro didn't, oh he go trippin'?, he gon get at least 4 digits
Holmes, I make at least 6 digits, a week
An Ina week then I trick 6 figures
Yea, I be wit some quick pick niggahs
Sick sick niggahs, who clip shit quicker then big clip scissors
You a barber, get ya big thick clippers
Sit in ya own chair
Yea, cut ya own hair, you's a known queer
Niggah I'm known here, known there
I get dough here, dough there
You name it I claim dawg its on yea
Yeahhh, an i gotta home there
Cam is still el jaffe jo
An Jim? Yeah, he still a muhfuckin El captian
Let's get this shit clear
I'm the prince here
My niggah Zeek is waiting to get his prints cleared
Now I don't know if you noticed it
But J.R. is one focused kid
I'ma tell ya
An i just gotta call off a state phone
Like, Aye homes, Hell Rells on the way home
An we here with the flow, you scared of the flow, nominated for grammys 2 years Ina row
Who cares if you don't win?, you playin this should know, we here for the dough, all year for the dough
Yea, I thought we'd never be in this shit
But we did, turn around and repeated this shit
An in the studio we beastin this shit
Yea, we thinkin about 3 peatin this shit
So, just hang ya shot up
Dawg, we on a bulls winning streak, and gotta Lakers line up
We can't wait to line up, an show you motherfuckers wat it is to see how gansters line up
You see them tecs and them spaceships line up, start to think the fuckin matrix lined up
I got my A-gang wit me, I got the AK wit me
I advise you not to play games wit me
I gotta mean fucking spray game wit me
So mean, He thought I had a little spray rang wit me
But I'm that niggah, that man, that deliver the blam, can opener style, take the lid off ya can!
I'm crueler then cruel, you'll never find a niggah as smooth as me that still do wat I do
So just play guard, you's a playin card
I'm Kobe Bryant, without the rape charge
I'm MJ, without the face job
Shit, I'm Whitney Houston, without the 8 ball
And that's straight raw
Yeah niggah, I told you motherfuckers I'm back like cooked crack
Oh you think I'm just saying it? Believe me, huh?, oh its all fucked up now
Oh it is, it's all bad now, oh it is, killa!
You know how it's goin down
Line 'em up, so I can shut em down
I'm popping shit this time around
You motherfuckers got me hot, ok!
Look I told you I was great, ok!
Yeah! I'm still movin', let's go
Can't ever stop me now niggah
Yeah!, ok!
Dipset, dipset, dipset, dipset, yeah!
Dipset, dipset, dipset, dipset, what!
Dipset, dipset, dipset, dipset, come on!
Dipset, dipset, dipset, dipset, let's go!