[Intro]
I'ma be alright because Dizzy here wilin'

[Verse 1: Juelz Santana]
Uh, okay, time to make my mark, I gave 'em a head start
Now I'm on my Nicki shit, I don't want no fraud
Tryna raise the bar, grab it like I passed the bar
You would think I'm ridin' bikes by the way I handle bars, yeah
New nigga in charge, it's a new nigga in charge
Poppin' all these blues, I might turn into an avatar
They ain't wanna see me back, he's back
Human cracking the flesh, sorry I had to relapse
These niggas weak, wack, I twist 'em like weed raps
Still on my Nino Brown, still getting Gee Money on G-packs
No stunna man bussin' like Duh Duh Man, it's evident
These hoes love me, they say my dick is they medicine
Cosby spikin' gelatin, still pushin' and pedalin'
Settling never, I'm like DiCaprio in The Revenant
Still whippin' and stretchin' it, two pots, ambidextrous
I'm a beast, a dog, I see that money, I'm fetching it
Your ho throwin' it at me, I'm catchin' it, don't check me, go check ya bitch
You don't want to get me out of my element
From a tenant in the tenements to owning my residence
Phone still clicking, I feel like a receptionist
And I'm extraterrestrian
My life's a fucking movie, boy don't get yourself edited
I'm like Steph at the free-throw, that piece blow, I never miss
Taught you girl how to whip the girl now she a lesbian
You can level up, still won't be on my level then
It's level 10, these niggas hot, I must be kettlin'
They don't want the steam but I know you want the tea
That's yo bitch, why she only fuck with me? 'Cause I'm ballin', MSG
Roof missing on this whip and I need two kitchens
Fuck the DA, I ain't never been no stoop pigeon
Won't catch me in no club unless my tool get in
Be smart cause Bouncy a fool with it
Son say it's on, 7-11 with it
That's 24-7 with it, wherever, whatever with it, yeah
Your momma gonna need a church with a reverend in it
Just pray its a heaven in it, and hope that they let you in it, yeah
Boy I expose the truth in guys
Cross me and get crucified
War's on, the bazooka rise, niggas get neutralized

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Suicide, it's a suicide
Tell 'em seek and you will find cause I'ma lose my mind
Kick a nigga ass then give 'em my shoes to shine
It's do or die, I come from where we used to crime
The Uzi-9 more important than school supplies
The pools is dry, my niggas and the food is fried
The news is lies, the pigeons is too spooked to fly
The rules denied, all the toughest goons is mine
That’s Tunechi's slimes, they kill you and go do the time
We unified, Young Money revolutionized the new design
We had to leave the flukes behind and super size
The numbers through the roof and sky
Don't look too surprised, look through the lines
We makin' moves and strides, groves and vibes
I'm too alive, these hoes need to be supervised
They put on a cute disguise, your grooms is blind
She get dick in the Uber ride, #2 with fries
I'm pimpin', now who am I? I'm who and why
I'm rude and kind, my cars are computerized
I'm cruisin' by, smokin' blunts Ruben size
You fools can try, these tools getting utilized
You euthanized, blrtt, skrrt, shoot then drive
Now who survived? We comin' back to rewind
I'm usually high, sippin' on the Houston wine
Feel humanized, I want my throne to recline
Jackie red, Julie blonde, they Cuban fine
I bruise they spine, I leave and they snooze 'til nine
Superglued to the grind, my crew my tribe
These bitches try to divide, we too divine
Got the drugs to provide, the coolest highs
The greenest green and the white with the bluest eyes
The syrup and the juice collide, the two combine like suits and ties
Magic, poof, goodbye

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Dedication is arguably the best mixtape series of all time, that's these words on this paper. The artwork has been duplicated, the work ethic has been emulated, the title alone is a daily discussion within hip hop. How does it feel to have that impact? Okay first of all, that was all something new to me. So, I ain't know it was the best mixtape series of all time, I totally didn't, forgive me, I don't know...just didn't..um. The artwork been duplicated? I honestly don't even be doing my artwork I swear, I just be too busy, just moving, gotta get to the next. I'm sorry, uh, the work ethic has been emulated? Now that right there...uhhhhh..I don't know right there...I don't know...I don't know about the work ethic being emulated man...yeah I don't know, uh. The title alone is a daily discussion within hip hop? How does it feel to have that impact? Um, dedication! Yeah dedicate yourself to something man, dedicate it to something man. If yourself isn't in your music its still you, that's your words, dedicate it to something man it has to be dedicated to something, and it only means that you're dedicated. You're a dedicated person. I am a very dedicated person, to everything I love, everything, everyone. Very very very dedicated. And that what Dedication 6 about. But it is some six shit. Some very sick shit. So yeah, dedication six six six yourself. To hell. Thank you!