[Intro: Jim Jones]
Heatmakerz
Crack music
The mighty, mighty Set, nigga

[Verse 1: Jim Jones]
Whoever said that forever was a myth, they lied (Facts)
Lord knows that I'm forever with the Dips, on God (On God)
Do with the hammer but I'm better with my wrist, no lie (Whip game)
Grab the hammer when I'm steppin' out the whip 'cause (Niggas watchin')
The only thing certain in life is death so (That's true)
'Til I go I'ma work 'til I'm outta breath 'cause (Work)
All this love ain't worth the amount stress and (I love y'all too)
Where I'm from is, "What's your worth? What's your net?"
They know I ball out like a Kenny A. jersey off the Nets (Been ballin')
Hydroplanin' while I'm swervin', gettin' wet (Skrt, skrt)
Before the movie, we been purgin' for a check (ARGH!)
Get the fiends credit, doin' the first and third, they get a check (I need mines)
It sound like that, every bird was gettin' stretched (Facts)
We got the money, but still we sellin' birds to get a rep (That's true)
Shit, you ever rock a fur with a TEC? (Ya hear me?)
Talk to me crazy, say the wrong words and get stretched, nigga (Stowed up)

[Chorus: Jim Jones]
Drop G's on 'em (Bag dropper) uh
Breathe on 'em (Take a breath)
Make me roll my motherfuckin' sleeves on 'em (Shine, nigga)
Drop top V's on 'em (Skrt, skrt)
Achoo when I sneeze on 'em (How could ya talk?)
Fifty shots when I pop, then I breeze on 'em (Boom!)
Stop the bank, grab the dice, then I breathe on 'em (Breathe on 'em)

[Verse 2: Cam'ron]
I'm undisputed, undisputed, that won't be disputed (Facts)
Tell Mona Scott to partner up, man, I can't be recruited (Not at all)
In the streets I'm saluted (Saluted), cop the leak then I move it
Some people see me as stupid, no love, I'm beefin' with cupid (At all)
Played ball, sold drugs under the circumstances (Well, I did)
NBA, Navarro college, I hurt them chances (True)
I was Lenny Cooke (What else?), nah, hoop dreams
Now my only problem is keepin' the coupe clean (Woo!)
If ain't Jones, nigga, I don't make up with 'em (Never)
All these girls be mad when I break up with 'em (Why?)
They would slash the tires, break the windows, all the cars (Facts)
Now it's TV shows, radios, all the blogs (Woo!)
They know I'm wavy on water just like the Navy
All of 'em still my baby, the dick just drove 'em crazy (Well, it did)
Me and Capo locked in, we foo-uelz (Foo-uelz)
We bought you the Max Bs, the Juelz (We did!)
Pay homage, nigga (Nigga)
I'm comma after comma after comma
What the fuck we got in common, nigga? (Nothin')
Have you tied up, huh? No bondage, nigga (No)
When you see me you sick, just vomit, nigga (Ahhh)
Like that boy!

[Chorus: Jim Jones]
Drop G's on 'em (Bag dropper) uh
Breathe on 'em (Take a breath)
Make me roll my motherfuckin' sleeves on 'em (Shine, nigga)
Drop top V's on 'em (Skrt, skrt)
Achoo when I sneeze on 'em
Fifty shots when I pop, then I breeze on 'em (Boom!)
Stop the bank, grab the dice, then I breathe on 'em (Breathe on 'em)

[Verse 3: Juelz Santana]
Ayy
Ayy
Uh, from the stoop to the coupe (Yeah)
Money stack from the floor through the roof (Yeah)
Santana get loose like a tooth
They can't hang with me, get a noose
Been scorin', street ballin', no nets on the hoop
You niggas just start drippin', man, I been had the Juice (Yeah)
Gotta respect what I do (What I do)
Like spades, man, they all follow suit
You lyin' if you say The Set not the truth
Just look at these niggas now and you left with the proof (Yeah)
Uh, Cam saw a star and showed the world my light (Light)
And that's when Dipset came to life (Life)
I put in work, they can't take my stripes (Nah)
Don't matter what it cost, boy, I paid the price (Yeah)
Jim was puttin' on, Zeke kept it strong
Everything's forever 'til forever's gone (Damn right!)
(Everything's forever 'til forever's gone)

[Outro: Freekey Zekey]
Fuckin' right
But forever may never be gone for us, ya dig?
We like grow up in that concrete
Like that rose, you smell me?
We sorta like that coke
That fall in the pot and disappear but
Reappear like crack, ya smell me?
We like that-
That shot that hit you and you down for a minute but
You open your eyes a minute later and walk yourself to the hospital and stitch yourself up
You smell me?
And nothing could stop us
Not even death
'Cause we live forever
Motherfuckers, ya dig?
Dipset!