[Intro: Cam'ron]
Uh, yo let's start the year off right man
(That birthday shit, huh)
Dipset man, Jim Jones, Santana, Killa, Freekey
Enuff let's do it (Killa), uh

[Verse 1: Cam'ron]
Up in al merjah, it's foul murders
Turkeys to cow burgers
Dakota Al Murder
Child if you style or a wild splurger
Stay away okay, Mr. Giles'll hurt ya (I hurt ya)
I ain't go to school, stayed the hell at home (why?)
Into real estate dog, I seen hella homes (what you do?)
You was selling out, I seen hella homes (what else?)
Selling dreams to the phone, I could sell a tone
Plus a science lab, I mix mecuricolm
With silicone, fella, in a vanilla cone (what happened?)
In school he would play the recorder
Nowadays he works for Feds and plays his recorder
You think he placing and taking his order
Marking the bills, JV, tasting the water (fuck that)
We duct taping his daughter, that’s the taping they taught us
In addition add the eighth and the quarters, get it? (get it?)
In addition ma, yeah you get it dog
Gets an addiction, kitchen, whipping and flipping raw (raw)
Get it all off the kitchen floor (floor)
My bag is the baggest of baggies
Ask me what I'm bitching for (what?)
What a bitch is for, this could put the is and or (or)
Furs, his and hers, bitch don't bitch and whore (whore)
No disrespect mama, no disrespect at all
In a year or two maybe you can get a store
You should honor my corps, you want a Honda Accord
I'm trying to turn you into entrepreneurs (what's that?)
That's a real friend (what?)
That's a homie, right? (right)
Right, true, I feel that it's only right (what)
That I live the Life of Riley
I done did knives in allies, pipes in rallies (what you do now?)
Now I catch flights to Cali
Lookin for a wife to spouse me, I pipe her proudly (what she do?)
She understands my life get rowdy
I'm the Sensei, comprende? You iced me, Audi

[Verse 2: Juelz Santana]
Uh, let's get down
Holla at'cha boy, Dipset
Yo, now I done been on both side of the fence (yup)
I done been on both sides of the gate
Survived and escaped (what else?)
Look at me now man, I'm driving away
Thinking 'bout my old teachers, who said I'll rot and decay (never)
I go back and beep the horn at 'em
Blowing that Cheech and Chong at 'em
Yelling, screaming the boy's platinum
It all happened so fast, they all imagined I'll crash
But I did, straight through the wall, I'm Bad
Like Michael was, see what the cycle does
360 spin around, I'm the new kid in town
Yeah it's coming soldier, April's the month is over
Yeah you run this over, the album is done I told ya
What a classic I made, I look up, see Cam
See the game, what a path that he made
Uh, a beautiful mind trapped in the shade
Cracking codes of the man
That only stands in the back of my brain
At last I done came up with a great aim
True author like the great Dr. Nona Kiofa

[Verse 3: Jim Jones]
You can't respect the mind of jewels
And this new ride movement
If you don't respect the mind of dudes
In this too live movement
Me and Killa we like umm, those two guys moving (for sure)
I-95 south dirty, with a two pies moving (holla)
Trying to increase our delightment
Trying to keep the excitement
But it's hard as bullshiting game cause a secret indictments
For you co-conspirators, and you co-conspirators (watch it)
Be easy on the phone dog, cause you know they hearing us
You style on them bitches, cause you know they steering us
This picture is so easy to draw
Stopping, freezing them whores
Then we speed off in cars (watch it)
Yeah we freezing the law, blowing that weed from my jaw
G's up, hoes down, Eastside to my dogs (Eastside)
All the time man, thanks for even asking
Oh we been seen in Aspen (where you at?)
In a pool house, the hot tub, with that steam relaxing
And we been seen in action, keep the fiends collapsing
You know thirsty, and they nodding and leaning, scratching
To see me and my actions, I cruise by
In the Beamer just laughing (ha ha)
I lived that rocky road
I copped the papi's load, it was like copping gold
I shut the papi's stove, I hit the strip dog
I see the cops get low, now I'm living the life
I got the stopping code (spin it)
Big cars, big stars, like it's Rock 'n Roll (Rock 'n Roll)
Let's rock and roll (rock and roll, rock and roll)

[Outro: Jim Jones]
Dipset, this is Jim Jones man, Capo status
Santana, Killa the Don
The album coming, March, nigga
Diplomatic Immunity, Enuff, heavy hitters
Happy birthday nigga, Zekey, where you at?