Yea!(yea)
Juelz Santana
More Crack
What the game been missin in stores soon
Green Lantern
Armaggedon in stores soon
Santana!
C'Mon

[Juelz Santana:]
OKay! (some other shit)
Ay!
Yea! Juelz Santana U Know
Where my fat bitches at? (Where they at)
Where my fat bitches at? (I need to see ya'll man)
We gon do this one a little different (just a lil bit)
Cuz i got so much luv for ya'll (o shit)
I had to take the time out to do it like this

[Chorus:]
If you feelin over weight girl
(drop a couple pounds, drop a couple pounds, Drop a couple pounds)
If your stomach bigger than your ass bitch
(drop a couple pounds, drop a couple pounds, drop a couple pounds)
If you ate too many snacks girl
(drop a couple pounds, drop a couple pounds, drop a couple pounds)
Now if you can't see your shoes and you dont know what to do
Better hit the gym girl stop eatin all the food

[Juelz Santana:]
This for my fat chicks who dont like things
They like Hagindas, You know ice cream
You got big drawers
You eat banana boats
That ain't a diet girl, here, try some cantalope
Dammit!
Your belly and your hips big
Babygirl look like she had 10 kids
So Start excersizing for more than 10 minutes
You gon need a couple hours thats just the beginning
So dont try to cheat girl
Dont try to eat
Know that food is callin you but u dont gotta speak
And stop walking out lookin nasty chick
Tryin to ask me shit
Tryin to pass me chips(doritos)
And you know you ain't sexy You fat as shit
You should think about it, take a second
HMMM?!
Maybe stash them sweets
And think about before the next time you fatass speaks

[Chorus:]
If you feelin over weight girl
(drop a couple pounds, drop a couple pounds, Drop a couple pounds)
If your stomach bigger than your ass bitch
(drop a couple pounds, drop a couple pounds, drop a couple pounds)
If you ate too many snacks girl
(drop a couple pounds, drop a couple pounds, drop a couple pounds)
Now if you can't see your shoes and you dont know what to do
Better hit the gym girl stop eatin all the food
HA!

[Speaking:]
I mean do what you do girl
I be fuckin with you baby!
Luv Yaself
I mean i think that fat comedian bitch, Monique, is one of the baddest bitches out there
I mean thats just what i think, you know (you crazy boy)
Dip Set Bitch
Holla at your motherfuckin boy, juelz santana