(Jealousy yeah) I'm sorry (oh)....
(Jealousy yeah)I mean it too (ooh)... (Jealousy yeah)let me talk to you (oh)..
(Jealousy yeah)Know what Im sayin'?,(Jealousy yeah) tell you what it was all about maybe (ooh)

(Jealousy yeah)
We was in love it had to be the (Jealousy yeah, oh)
That had me buggin all for nuttin (Jealousy, yeah ooh)
Now I'm alone becuase of (Jealousy, yeah ooh)
I'm sorry man, oh

[Verse 1: Juelz]
Baby, all I wanted was a chance with you (yeah)
Little love, little dance, romance with you
Shit I had big plans for you (ooh)
Swear to God I never meant to put my hands on you
Thats not sumthin that a man would do (oh)
Thats not sumthin I had plans to do, I had plans to move
Take you with me, give the Coupe (yeah)
Give you the shoes, instead I was hearin' the news...
You was out there buggin', fuckin' (yeah)
Doin your dirt when, I was in the studio workin'.. (shit)
(shit) shit, I'm tryna make music that's perfect (ooh)
Instead I gotta hear you out there foolin' and flirtin'
You and your friends got a bad reputation already
If I'm not mistaken already...uh
But I gotta 'pologize to your mother and father (yeah)
Shoulda never put my hands on your daughter
But I ain't askin' you to drop no charges, shit
I did what I did, deserve the consequence
I can't see myself copping a plea (ooh)
To one of these niggas who bleed the same as me
I'ma G, I will cock and squeeze
The same as he, take it to the same degree, please
So let's leave it alone (yeah), we don't need this at home
Especially all over some fuckin..

(Jealousy, yeah) yeah thats what it's about right? (oh)
(Jealousy, yeah), I never meant to touch you (ooh)
(Jealousy, yeah)
Uh, it was the (Jealousy,yeah) (ooh)
I was buggin, high (Jealousy, yeah)(oh)
Whoa (Jealousy, yeah)(ooh)
God forgive me my... (Jealousy, yeah)(oh)

If I could take it back,(Jealousy yeah) you know I would,yes I would, yes I would (ooh)

[Verse 2: Juelz]
Shit, now I don't know what made me..lift my hand up (yeah)
Swing it at you, I musta been crazy
Musta been high, twisted off hazy
Fuck am I doing?, this is my baby
And now I'm feeling like Kane from Menace II Society (oh)
Know your brothers wanna come back and find me
Now I'm riding with my riders beside of me
Can't get caught slippin so they riding beside of me
And Cam told me not to fuck with you (yeah)
He told me you known, the blocks corrupted you
I told him nah, I had it locked, threw cuffs on you..
Plus I had lots of love for you..huh
So I'm stickin with my heart (oh), that's my nigga to the heart
But I'm stickin with my heart
Now look....I'm sittin in the dark (yeah)
Facin' a charge, gotta go sit up in a court
All because, I was stupid and dumb
Shoulda never went through it with hun, shit
But to this day, I never knew this would come (ooh)
I never thought that I would go through this with hun, no
The one I wanted to marry...wanted to carry my baby through life..
Maybe this life... we can't be together
Can't see together (yeah), can't see each other
Don't need each other, won't be together
Cuz...

Jealousy, yeah
Oh, jealousy yeah ooh
Jealousy yeah oh
Damn, why did we have to go through this (Jealousy yeah)(oh)
And its all because of this (Jealousy, yeah)(ooh)
I admit I was (Jealousy, yeah,)(oh)
Jealousy, yeah (ooh)

Uh, you was playin them games too
Sayin them names too...
(yeah)
(ooh)