[Intro]
Right now
What's happenin'? Me, nigga
Santana The Great
Right here and now, holla at ya fuckin boy
(Jones, Killa, Freekey)
August 19th, "From Me to U"
(Charlemagne, holla at ya boy)
Dipset, Dipset, YEAH! Okay, okay (we movin' in)
Ain't waitin for nothin' (..no), hit the drums...

[Verse 1]
Hocus pocus, I hold the toasters
I wake up in cold sweats, I know there's ghostses
The ghost approaches
He spoke, said me bein' asleep awoke him
I ain't understand
So I give up, then I realised
He was tryin' to tell me to stay up
Over focused
Man this beat is like a backed up toilet, I just overflows it
So ferocious, like coke and dope is
I'm a classic like cans of Coca-Colas
I roll with rollers, hold with holders
Shoot with shooters, troop with troopers
Got two Medusas, I use as boofers
I use as movers, they transport that shit for me
I can't afford that shit to be
Sittin' in the truck, boy that too tall a risk for me
Soon as the package touched down, I'm ready to work
Soon as the crack is cut down, I'm ready to work
I'm ahead of you jerks
You step, and I squirt
My weapon disperse, extra lead with the squirt
Ya head'll go first, ya neck'll be next
Ya arms'll be fine, ya heart'll be mine
Got the heart of a lion, pumpin' through my chest
Runnin' through my blood, comin' through my flesh
'Til there's nothin' left, motherfucker
Motherfucker, Dipset, bitch

[Interlude]
Yeah, yeah
Dipset/Byrd Gang, Vol. 1 in the motherfuckin' streets now
"From Me to U" coming soon, holla at ya motherfuckin' boy
August 19th (YEAH! YEAH!)
We on a mission, on mission to move
Move and roll over everybody in the motherfuckin' way
Holla at ya boy, Dipset, Juelz Santana (YEAH! YEAH!)
See sometimes I talk fast, you gotta slow me down
I'm movin', I'm movin', I'm movin', I'm movin'
I'm movin', I'm movin', I'm movin', FUCK OUT MY WAY NIGGAS!
PLEASE! YEAH! OKAY! (Yeaaah) Hold me down, man
Game almost over... OKAY! I'm movin', I'm movin' (right now)

[Verse 2]
My niggas grind through the streets hard
Sell coke in the open like they applied for police cards
And I ride with the piece hard
Peace God
Live and die for my G squad, please God
Show me a different route
I'm still in that kitchen route
Get the pots, that pyrex vision out
Put it in, sit, whip, then get it out
Cook it, then, cut, clip, then give it out
That's what this shit's about
That's when the pits come out, the lights get dark
And the bitin' starts
All the vikings march like a striking march
And the vultures come like how roaches come
Through the middle of ya crib like they know someone
This is not a game
We are not the same
You 'bout a O of a hard, I'm 'bout a block of 'caine
That's a big difference, that's a lot of change
I'm a hotter man, in a hotter car
Switchin' hotter lanes, I'll show you how to do it
Dipset, motherfucker

[Outro]
YEAH! Yeah, yeah, okay
Like I told you
The motherfuckin' album "From Me to U", August 19th
Byrd Gang, Vol. 1 in this motherfucker
Jim Jones, Killa
Freekey Zekey, get home motherfuckin' soon
Hell Rell, holla at ya boy
Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay
I'm movin', I'm movin', I'm movin', I'm movin'