[Verse 1: Jim Jones]
Come on, yo, yo
Ayo, my Dipset Taliban, we are not a crew
We're more like a movement, more like in tuned with
The moon and the stars
Some say I soon will be doomed for them bars
But I could be caught, pissy, clubs, saloons and them bars
The industry think that they grooming a star, nah
I'm more like a thug misproving the odds
Running around all crazy, the city, with my goons in them cars

[Verse 2: Cam'ron]
I tell 'em
Wake up, wake up
Gotta go get that cake up, break up
Divide that payroll, ay yo
Go get that ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo
Killa, hey bro, holla at Pedro
On the 8-0 in Waco, I tell him lay low, ba' bro
When I beef, names'll be said, tools'll be spread
Two in your head, body be bagged, eulogy read
Dog in the news'll get read
'Cause what I deal with is usually Feds on the first

[Chorus: Cam'ron]
Ay yo, ay yo, ay yo, ay yo, ay yo, ay yo, ay yo, ay yo
It's the first of the month...
Ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo
It's the first of the month...
Ay yo, ay yo, ay yo, ay yo, ay yo, ay yo, ay yo, ay yo
It's the first of the month...
Ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo

[Verse 3: Juelz Santana]
Yo, now I'm the type of dude, post up sell drugs on your property
Stone cold hustler, ain't no fucking denying me
I sell drugs in varieties, you want it, I got it
You see it, you like it, we count it, you buy it from me
I'm what the people call a menace to the public society
Fuck 'em I'm riding, my gun on the side of me
Fuck 'em I'm driving, I'm puffing I'm high as can be
I'm speeding, I'm weaving, I'm bugging, my eye on the street
Cam signed to the Roc, it's time that we eat
Harlem's back, this time it's for keeps
You rolling or not?
The takeover's now, y'all focused or not?
We been ready it's just that our promotion was not
But I can't blame no one for this, I'm alright with that
Can't be racist 'cause I sell too much white for that
So I decided I'ma milk these crackers for all they, milk and crackers
'Til I'm rich and these mils don't matter
Uh, you niggas follow my plot?
If not, swallow these shots, Santana swallow your block
I run with enforcers, big dudes and bosses
Black, British and Walter, the phone call'll cost ya
Keep rolling in them caravans acting
We got big trucks with chrome, Taliban action
Send one up to Jabar, my nigga maxed in
T-Money's home and he's never going back in

[Chorus: Cam'ron]
Ay yo, ay yo, ay yo, ay yo, ay yo, ay yo, ay yo, ay yo
It's the first of the month...
Ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo
It's the first of the month...
Ay yo, ay yo, ay yo, ay yo, ay yo, ay yo, ay yo, ay yo
It's the first of the month...
Ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo

[Verse 4: Cam'ron]
Yo, yo I swear to God, you'll think I had a violin the way I fiddle triggers
How you older than me, and still a little nigga?
On the first, I hate these chickens
Get their check, hair, nails done, steak and chicken, for they fridge
And they kids fly, I ain't open friend (not at all)
On the 11th, you gon' be broke again
Word to Jehovah man
Hoes in they shoes, barking like a Doberman
Coming to see Cam, for some coke again

[Verse 5: Jim Jones]
Shit, it's the first of the month
Yo, I'm the first on the block for the cycle
With rocks to disperse like, shots from a rifle
See they tainted our image
It's fucked up the way the game painted our image
They say we dangerous people
Why, because we moving 'caine to the people
Don't be the reason I be, aiming this Eagle, my aim's to get equal
The first and fifteenth's got some restraints on my people

[Chorus: Cam'ron]
Ay yo, ay yo, ay yo, ay yo, ay yo, ay yo, ay yo, ay yo
It's the first of the month...
Ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo
It's the first of the month...
Ay yo, ay yo, ay yo, ay yo, ay yo, ay yo, ay yo, ay yo
It's the first of the month...
Ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo

[Outro: Jim Jones]
Dipset nigga, Jim Jones Capo Status
Killa the Don, Juelz Santana, FREEKEY!!
Harlem, my Taliban
Eastside, B's up
The first and fifteenth
We still going through it
Welfare, medicade (wooo!), the liquor stores
Broadway, 7th, 15th, 40th
Y'all know the struggle
Holla
Roc-A-Fella, woo!