[Intro]
Sean Kingston!
Aha! Hey! The DEY! JR!
Dipset

[Verse 1: Juelz Santana]
I'm looking like feeling like acting like money
She looking like feeling like acting like she want me
She got what I feel for, acting like a junkie
Got me buzzing like bee
You know I'm after that honey
I got my eye on her, I can't keep it off her
She got her eye on me she can't keep it off me
Bad little shawty, now I know how Laura Hill felt
Cause she killing me softly, ya dig!

[Hook: Sean Kingston & Elan]
There's nothing in this world
There's not another girl that could satisfy my needs
There's nothing in this world
There's not another boy that can make me feel so sweet, yeah!
Cos me love her so right
When she hold me so tight, and she kiss me goodnight (Aha, aha)
Cos he fills up my life
Like a star, he shines bright
Boy, come with me now

[Verse 2: Sean Kingston]
The first night me meet her
Yes me senorita me never want to leave her no
Because the gal look sweet an nothing compare how sweet
And me really want to take her home
Cos she look nice and is a one of a kind
When me look up in her eyes then she got me mesmerised
Picture perfect like a Kodak moment
When she kiss me goodnight and she feelin up on me
We been there from the jump, never front, never stunt
Never done what a average girl done
And I can tell by her body language (aw)
She feels my emotions and got me anxious
So that me type, me and me angel
And me really have to let her know (let me know)
Shes the woman of my life
Oh yes she sound bright, so please let the chorus go

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Elan & Sean Kingston]
I Saw you from across the room
Looking so fly I gotta talk to you, yeah, yeah
It didn't take a sec to see
That you're the only one who wanna rescue me
I can't lie, boy you're my type of guy (aha)
And there's nothing in this world that can stop me from loving you
Stop, stop me from lovin' you
Girl you put me in a good mood
And me love the way you flex too (aou!)
We could chill girl, after school
Cos I ain't trippin girl its up to you
And since then we've been inseparable
Cos I did everything to get next to you
Since day 1 you know I stay true
So ever since then its been me and my boo

[Hook]

[Verse 4: Juelz Santana]
Kiss me, baby, haha!
Dipset
Let me talk to you, ya dig?
You got something that's real
Something I feel, something I trust
Something I lust, there's something I want
It's no one like you, and it's no one like me
So it's nothing like us
That good loving baby, I keep it coming baby
So like puppets baby, lets make muppets baby
You the type of girl I wanna introduce my mother 2
And she don't listen to her friends
Cause she know what I am
It ain't a dream, but shawty is a ten

[Hook]