[Intro: Too $hort, Juelz Santana & Jonn Hart]
What's my favorite word? Bitch
Why you gotta say it like sho? Bitch
Santana, ayy
Jonn Hart, baby

[Verse 1: Jonn Hart]
Yeah, slow down, baby
Girl, why that body goin’ so damn crazy?
When it go up it could go down, baby
If you don't know well you know now baby, oh
I swing like a pro (pro)
Tiger Woods with the stroke, let me put it in the hole
So when I yell, "four!" (four)
Get low, get low, buss it down like woah
From the side, to the side, swervin' it like woah

[Chorus: Jonn Hart]
Damn that ass fat, had to whistle like
The way she give top had to whistle like
Beat the pussy up had to whistle like
Damn that ass fat, had to whistle like
The way she give top had to whistle like
Beat the pussy up had to whistle like

[Verse 2: Too $hort]
What’s my favorite word? Bitch
Why you gotta say like sho? Bitch
You know you my favorite hoe
It's not love but I love the way you blow
These other hoes think I'm pimpin' you
Don't ask me what I'm finna do
She said, "$hort what you 'bout to get into?"
I said, "you and probably your friend too"
They can hear you from a mile away
What the fuck? Why you so loud, bae?
I'm watchin’ them big titties bouncin’ and jiggle
You ridin' my dick and sound like whistle, bitch

[Chorus: Jonn Hart]
The way she give top had to whistle like
Beat the pussy up had to whistle like
Damn that ass fat, had to whistle like
The way she give top had to whistle like

[Verse 3: Juelz Santana]
Top down and I’m at it again
Maybach in the back of the Benz
Big booty bitch backin' it up
Tag her then I'm taggin' her friends
Still money hungry, still got your honey on me
So much ice even on a light day, a hunnid on me
Shorty keep that booty jumpin’ on me
I keep pumpin' 'til she cummin' on me
Got her callin' me daddy
Got her in the zone like she just popped the Addy
Nasty, got her singin' like Patti
Kadi, Mary, she wanna get married
Sadly, I already called up a taxi
You want another round? Text me, add me
I'll be there gladly
See you next time

[Chorus: Jonn Hart]
'Cause damn that ass fat, had to whistle like
The way she give top had to whistle like, yeah
Beat the pussy up had to whistle like
Damn that ass fat, had to whistle like
The way she give top had to whistle like, oh
Yeah