[Intro: Shabba Ranks (Queen Latifah)]
If there is a problem, solve the problem!
People suffering, and nobody can solve the problem?
(We can solve it)
Look at the amount of money that the world has
What you robbing the people of?
(They don't know what they're doing..)
Why?
Question up universal rights
Me, poor me, mi nuh know what a go happen, enuh Latifah
You now what's happening to these people?
(I don't know what's up either Shabba
Talk about it)
They are demons..
(A come on!)

[Hook: Shabba Ranks]
What'cha gonna do, what'cha gonna do, what'cha gonna do?
Who me? Yeah you!
Not me, not me, not me rude bwoy...., not me, not me

What'cha gonna do, what'cha gonna do, what'cha gonna do?
Not me? Yeah you!
What'cha gonna do, what'cha gonna do, what'cha gonna do?
Not me? Yeah you!

[Verse 1: Shabba Ranks]
What'cha gonna do, Shabba Ranks inna the area
Mix the Hip-Hop and the Reggae together
This is Shabba, a Reggae ambassador
Along with Queen Latifah who is a Hip-Hop mama
Shabba, what'cha gonna do, what'cha gonna do?
Hold up on mi mic and chat to Dancehall crew
R plus B, and the Hip-Hop too
Jazz, Rock & Roll, and Calypso crew
For all, we bring dem to one
Mi nuh matter where the music is coming from
Music is here just to please everyone
Music is international communication
Tell them say!

[Hook: Shabba Ranks]
What'cha gonna do, what'cha gonna do, what'cha gonna do?
Who me? Yeah you!
What'cha gonna do, what'cha gonna do, what'cha gonna do?
Not me?

[Verse 2: Queen Latifah]
Mr. Shabba!
Money making Jamaican
Collecting checks, and cashing rec's for Reggae he awakens
The word has got around about the titles you be taking
From homies who be faking, and practicing the moves of a snake end
On the streets are the days, the nights are black and white
Fight until the come to Hip-Hop shows and give up hoes
One God, one tribe, feel the vibe that I'm bringing
Throw your hands up in the air and keep 'em swinging
I'm sick and tired of letting cats win
And people putting bruises on my beautiful black skin
So I teach 'em a lesson through a Hip-Hop session
Let 'em know that Imma keep on steppin'
You don't know me to judge me
And if you knew me, your thoughts wouldn't budge me
Knowledge in the music is way to get through it
And it also works for you
So what'cha gonna do?

[Verse 3: Shabba Ranks]
Screw face people a monkey sample
Smile, pretty people, mek mi see your dimple
Screw face people a monkey sample
Nuh penetrate people who a penny evil

[Hook: Shabba Ranks]
What'cha gonna do, what'cha gonna do, what'cha gonna do?
Who me? Yeah you!

[Verse 4: Shabba Ranks]
What'cha gonna do, Shabba Ranks inna the area
Mix the Hip-Hop and the Reggae together
Smile a while, and give your face a rest
Raise your hand to the one you love best
Smile a while, and give your face a rest
Raise your hand to the one you love best
Some cannot smile, wicked profile
Waan throw us problem pon the child
Some war-y, war-y, and love to oppress
Inna nuclear power them a invest
For the suffering child them don't care a less

[Hook: Shabba Ranks]
So, what'cha gonna do, what'cha gonna do
Who me? Not me? (yeah you) Yeah you!
What'cha gonna do, what'cha gonna do?
Who me? Not me? (yeah you) Yeah you!
What'cha gonna do, what'cha gonna do
Who me? Not me? (yeah you) Tell them say!

[Outro: Shabba Ranks]
What gonna do, Shabba Ranks inna the area
Mix the Hip-Hop and the Reggae together
It is Shabba, the Reggae ambassador
Along with Queen Latifah who is a Hip-Hop mama
Music forever
Sufferation, never
Be smart, be clever
Don't approach the mega
It is Shabba, I'm the ram dance master
And Jamaica
Green, black, and gold is I man color
Red, black and green, that is another
Some be smart and some be clever