[Danny Brown]

Check!

I done popped a pill and I don't give a fuck
Ask B Mo ya think I made it up
I'm turnt up, Your bitch turnt out
She sucked all my niggas dicks in that dope house
I'm getting money now, Whatcha know about it?
Fuck around and Im'a show you about it
Put stacks on your head
We gon' fuck around and put a noose around it

My niggas spit some gun powder
Turn your face to clam chowder
We eating good, Smokin' kush
I done had three hoes in a two-way shower
I don't care about you fake niggas
I don't fuck with none of y'all
Bitch I'll take your boxes
All I need is one phone call

Shout to my nigga name Dolla Dave
My niggas like runaway slaves from caves
They in the field, but they ain't picking cotton
All they wanna know is where the boxes
Where the mag at? Where the sag at?
Mag to your face, think they ain't gon' pass that?
Bruiser Brigade
Bruiser Brigade
Bruiser Bridage
We don't give no fuck

[Dopehead]

I'm on Linwood rolling up that Iraq
I can't put no more bitches in my contacts
I weigh my work on my palms, Fuck a Pyrex
Your bitch pulled it out and fucked me up in IMAX

Reefer roastin, chiefin chokin' keep my lyrics potent
Haters notice I'm the dopest, Fakers keep my focused
Pockets full of Oxys and this bitch about to snort it
These rappers trunk rappers, want to fuckin' full forward it

Everybody strapped, All my bitches head hunters
Devil's heaven free my niggas serving dead numbers
I'm in the street with the gremlins about 100 deep
Fuck CPR, Chopper leave 'em RIP

I'm the Hulk on bath salts
I'm the Hulk on bath salts
Dophead killin' shit on purpose nigga
Y'all on that broke shit
Tuesday dollar Church's nigga

[Chavis Chandler]

I'm cleaned up and still represent the streets
Young black mother fucker with the flow
That got you asking "Who is that mother fucker?"
Turn your favorite mc into that wack mother fucker
Polo trench got me feeling like Shaft
Posting up on nigga's composition cause I'm bad
Niggas and these bitches keep my name in their mouth
My name in their mouth, Their mouth on my shaft

Oh god damn, Talking is cheap
I did a lot of shit and it was all cause of me
Didn't even have to leave, did it all from the D
Niggas wanna diss, but they all gotta sneak
The flow like sneaks, yours general release
Niggas know I'm instrumental to these fucking beats
Flow hard like it was trying to sail the Titanic's kitchen sink

Ah! Nigga I'm killin' this shit
East 7 mile and we been in this bitch
By the time you get it, I done been in that shit
Cup of Faygo pour some liquor in that bitch
I ain't driving shit unless the tint in that bitch
Shut your mouth before I put my dick in that bitch
East 7 Mile, I gotta get rich
Bruiser! We killin' this shit

[ZelooperZ]

Put my penis in your pie hole, Bout to go viral
Two bitches on my dick like these hoes 'bout to tight rope
Got these bitches stuck like they're sippin' on some sizzer
I put 'em walking to the store in a blizzard
Used to walk miles in a blizzard
???
Fuck, Fuck
Fuck all the rumors, let my dick make a statement
Hood rat hater, Bitch catch vapors
Niggas jackin' off they style. Master. Baiter
Let the K decay him. Put his ass in labor