[Intro]
If I lie, I die

[Hook 1]
? hustle was the realest nigga never know
But it's not what you know it's who you know
My uncle said, never chase the hoes
Chase the dough; the money bring the hoes
My mama said yo friends not yo friends
Yo bros yo bros they gon' roll in the end
It's not what you know it's who you know
This the realest shit I ever quote

[Verse 1]
I keep it realer, my mama is a gold digger
She just got stuck with a broke nigga
And I just got with a so-called dad
Who got stuck with a son he wish he never had
Walkin in the crib with skinny jeans, they call me fag
Now I'm in them Gucci loafers stuntin' on his ass
I should laugh, like why you mad?
Should I bust this nut, in the fuckin' mag
? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? I get more head than no bodies
Never had shit since the days of whitey tighties
My twelth grade year, I was floodin' like tsunamis
But I still got love cause they seen a nigga grindin'
Let me simulate this picture worth paintin'
They try to leave these young niggas stankin'
Slaves was first people plankin'
Life's a bitch, no matter how you take it

[Hook 2]
Tunk was the realest nigga I never know
But it's not what you know it's who you know
My uncle said never chase these hoes
Chase the money, the money bring the hoes
My mama said yo friends not yo friends
Yo bros yo bros they gon' roll in the end
It's not what you know it's who you know
Boy, this the realest shit you ever quote

[Verse 2]
Why lie, just to keep hope alive?
Don't know who my dad is, you think Imma cry?
IF the good die young do the bad die?
If I say it once do my ass fry?
Hope not, cause this life we livin' is so hard knock
Police invade yo home, after some hard knocks
80's fucked us up after that hard rock
These niggas bucked up, they call it Woodstcok
No fear, no belief
I shed so many tears I could fill a sink
No God, no relief
Love run deep, share it with me
Cause Imma die one day
Hope it's on Monday cause Jesus rolls on a Sunday
I feel like every day is judgement day
Hell is my dream, Imma wake up one day

[Outro]
My life was ill, hard to get a meal
But when I got a meal, still searchin' for a mil
Moms told I was gon' make it, only came to one of my shows
Husband not really my dad, so I don't expect much mo'
But til 3 months ago, I didn't know that shit
I'm 'bout to have a Kanye moment in this bitch
18 years. 18 years, I'm 18 years old and my real dad long gone?
RIP Tunk, the realest nigga I never know
Cause he passed away, before I got grown
That's my grandpa, they say I got his looks
Named after him, that's probably why I'm overlooked
So it gotta be somebody prayin' for me
Cause I done had crackheads stayin' with me
Havin to sleep on the boxspring, windbreaker in the winter nigga it is not spring
Havin' to put on clothes when I know they not clean
Havin' to empty out a toilet when I gotta pee
Havin' to put on a coat when I gotta sleep
Wakin' out my fuckin' sleep, cause my momma gettin beat
But shit, this just real life scenarios
Gettin' jumped at the bus stop, headed to the studio
My nigga Cari know, man these niggas slow
Day after day, I go through this shit
Skinny nigga; they say I'm unfit
They shot my uncle until he looked like Emmett Till
This can't be life, this can't be real
They hate behind yo back
I know they place they bets
Can't tell if you bein sarcastic when you tell me to break a leg
These niggas bitches
Talkin' bout they bustin' lead
Nigga, you wouldn't even break a leg
Stupid
I wouldn't either, why lie nigga
I wanna go to heaven, when I die nigga
So god, please forgive me for my sins
I was just brought in this world
I don't even know how this shit gon' end
That's just real shit