About a year and a half ago I was sitting in my best friend's car, playing him some music, (some of which you are hearing on this project) and he said to me "Man you're my new favorite rapper, please burn me a CD when you're finished, I'd even pay for it". So before writing these "thank you's" I just had to call him and let him know that this project would be in stores and boy was he ecstatic. We both were actually, lol. So I'd like to thank him first. Thank you Gerald: for convincing me that I could actually do this as a career. I wanna thank Poóh: for being an awesome mother to my daughter. I know it's hard doing it all  by yourself while I'm on the road but somehow you manage. You've been very supportive and I love you for that. Thank you Harley: for making me smile every single day and giving me hope. I do this for you. Maybe one day you'll thank me if you ever decide to make an album, *crosses fingers*. Thank you Keem: for saying "You got this, all you need is one hit song and it'll change your life", you were right bro. Stephon and Smitty: for helping me cop that studio equipment when I couldn't afford it, thanks guys, foreal. Thank you Steven: for being there for me after things went south in Miami (pun intended). Thank you Neil: for making my career your priority. Thank you Black Mic and Fabian: for having these mixes on point. Rich: thanks for believing in me when nobody else would, and for putting me in rooms with people who could change my life. Tunji & John: thank you both for wanting to be a part of this and taking it to the next level. I wanna thank my fans: for spreading the word about my music, I obviously wouldn't be here without you all. I also wanna thank every last producer on this project for giving me a chance to put lyrics to these dope ass beats, (no more Soundclick for me). Thanks to any and everyone who helped me on this journey since 10/9/14. And lastly but most importantly thank you God: for answering every single prayer, and always doing me another favor. I wanna dedicate this project to anyone who wants to change their life and accomplish their goals. My advice to you is: don't wait on anyone, don't let anyone tell you your dreams are too big, don't lose hope. Don't give up. Don't forget to pray, and don't ever lose faith in God. Don't.