What you, what you gon' do? What you gon', uh?
What you, what you gon' do nigga?
What you, what you want? What you gon' do, nigga?
Here I go, here I go, here I go, here I go , here I go
I know y'all niggas ain't fuckin' wit me 'cuz I can't fuck wit my damn self
Here I go
I know y'all niggas ain't fuckin' wit me 'cuz I can't fuck wit my damn self
Here I go
Da man right, chea
(Da man right, chea)
Da man, da man right, Chea
Mister man right, chea
Here I go, Here I go
Y'all muthafukkaz betta get ready to rumble
Get in da line like a conga, plastic like plumbin'
Spicy like gumbo, y'all muthafukkaz ain't ready
Hey, to dem boyz, get at dem bitches and cut dey ass
As sharp as a machetti dope, I don,t, herbs I do
You bitches probably couldn't see me wit a birds eye view, ooh
It's alive, finna make yo head spin
Stop walkin' da one way to a fukkin' dead end
Bitch ya yellow, coward hearted, gotta erase dem boys
Get da gas and he can go, get this fukkin' fire started
Yo, heart jump like a base line bump
You bad enough to meet the alligator in the swamp
Here I go, here I go, here I go, here I go , here I go
Here I go, here I go, here I go, here I go , here I go
Here I go, here I go, here I go
Da man right, chea
I know y'all niggas ain't fuckin' wit me 'cuz I can't fuck wit my damn self
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh
What you muthafuckas know 'bout rappin'?
(what you muthafuckas know 'bout rappin'?)
Who put you on the map?
(Who put you on the fuckin' map?)
I know y'all niggas ain't fuckin' wit me 'cuz I can't fuck wit my damn self
(My damn self)
Here I go
Da man right, chea
(Somebody said that you wuz lookin' for me)
Here I go, here I go, uh, uh, damn
(Somebody said that you was lookin' for me)
Uh, uh, all right
(Uh, what you be doin'? What you be doin'?)
Rhyme slayin', straight, suckaz I'm slayin'
Hoes, I'm layin', niggas can't barely stand
I got 'em layin' and prayin' the man [unverified]
Ask them hoez, I ain't playin' wit 'em
Wanna get beef, I haveta turn my cheek
Cock back like like Mad Max and knock out one of dem fuckin' teeth
I'm a mean, gene machine, the executioner, be appeased wit gillotine
My lifestyle is rural, I'll hit on ya poodle
After disaster, have ya sippin' on chicken noodle
Get ya ass in gear and gettin' fucked while ya winnin'
I'm the shark in the dark, bitch at night don't go swimmin'
'Cuz if you do you doomed [unverified], I'll be da king of da looney toons
Sweatin' and gaspin', I'm a massive assasin
All this smashin' and smashin', kickin' ass wit a passion
Mystikal's on a role, just that cold
(Ice cold)
Anotha nigga couldn't touch me wit a flagpole
Wanna fight Iron Mike but ya too damn light
Like a knife, I'll rip ya from ya ass to ya appetite, gangsta [unverified]
Fuck a [unverified] I'm the foreign minister, don't brag fast
Wanna battle? Bring a body bag
I'm gonna need it, to carry yo stupid ass
I observe, time to serve, rhymes I heard like words of King George III
I proceed, to mislead the sweet hoes I cheated
Devour like its sour like Johnny Appleseed
I intrude, hoes call me rude, bitch, I'm smooth, whatch ya fuckin' attitude
Blast from the past, curse like I'm mad, I'm like a black cat
On the trail of a fat rat, you finna overdose
And choke off these rhymes I wrote
Somebody said that you wuz lookin' for me
Here I go, here I go, here I go, here I go , here I go
Here I go, here I go, here I go, here I go , here I go
Here I go, here I go, here I go, here I go , here I go
Here I go, da man right, chea
Im comin straight for yo throat, like a coyote on a goat
Nobody know, you sweatin' me like a hoe be no, you hoe
Cannot find a antidote 'cuz when I start to float
Murder he wrote, huff puff and bluff, come, touch this rough stuff
And get cuffed, snuffed buffed and scuffed
You can't hit this, get with this no witness
I'm bad to da bone, I'll fuck you up with the quickness
I paid my dues, I'm bad news to fools, I choose you lose
Fuck you fools, I wreck Boo-Coo crews wit the words I use
I'm bout to be feelin like ZZ Hill 'cuz I'm screamin' and screamin'
And singin the blues you be [unverified]
I never bled in battle, I refuse to lose
You can bring ya whole posse, bitch I still won't lose
I'll stomp ya whole staff, you must want a bloodbath
Fuckin' riff-raff, break you in half and laugh
Then snap and served you I [unverified] and heard you
Think about dem words you heard, you fuckin' nerd
You tried to probably rob me, dodge me
Fuckin', fightin', makin' money on my hobby
Freezin' degrees run 'em up, shut 'em up, buttered 'em up
What up? Wanna fight? Bitch, put 'em up
How dat sound? Come, get knocked down
Bolos, I throw bitch you won't last no round
I bet let's see, what we can fuck wit next
Step dat ass in the ring and I'mma jab it and jet
(Ding)
'Cuz I am the baddest black Prince of the South
If you run up, you'll get knocked the fuck out
Pound for pound, blow for blow, we can go into the ring, ass whoopin'
Here I go, here I go, here I go
Da man right chea