(Mystikal)
I ain't playin!
(Huh)
Yall see me enter this motherfucker SHUT THE FUCK UP
I ain't playin
(He ain't playin)
(Tell him nigga)
Talk shit behind my back
(But when they see me, they don't wanna see me)
I ain't playin
(I ain't playin wit you bitches)
I ain't playin wit you bitches

BACK yo ass (woooh) FUCK UP
Gimme some fucking room to put my gold plaque up
I fucked all dat up ROLIN I break these fuckin bitches back open
And watch me turn my dreams realistic
Dat kinda would make you wear black armour or may handset yo picnic
I'm drinkin but I'm still thirsty
Madder than a motherfucker dats why I'm cursing
Said I'm up here but when I'm live and in person
Whippin yo ass from over to the clothes to the curtain
To each and every other rapper I'm a burden
I keep'em hearin me cause I'm smooth like (?)
YALL niggas washed up like the turd
SO! Goin straight for your motherfuckin throat
The rhymes that I wrote
Playin is goin to get you fucked up
Bout to let you bitches know

(Chorus)
I ain't playin wit u
(I ain't playin wit you bitches)
I ain't playin wit you bitches
(He ain't playin he ain't playin)
I ain't playin wit yo bitch ass
I ain't playin
I ain't playin with you bitches
I ain't playin
(I ain't playin wit yo bitch ass)
(Huh) (I ain't playin)
(Whatchu told me?)

I thought I fucking told you
Bitch don't you ever
Think because I'm handsome I'm mild mannered
That you can damn me think my style ain't standard
Fucking wit the man gone get you man handled
Mixing my boot camp name up in scandals and slenderness
Dats the reason niggas got tossed off the stage in Atlanta
Niggas be actin like they hard to understand
It's bout time for niggas to represent New Orleans, Louisiana
And them steel toe boots gone stomp yo ass
One hundred some odd niggas ready to jump yo ass
STOMP yo ass way past the grass
Motherfuckers run up but they don't last
I make a lot of cash and you others bought a (?)
Rabbit eyes couldn't see me threw a magnifying glass
I was born in jazz and I shine like brass... (But what?) (what?)
But I ain't playin wit yo bitch ass

(Chorus)

Like class card I ain't s-s-studdin it
Dat don't mean I'm bout to take yo shit though motherfucker (hell no)
I can see it in yo face you can see me comin
You insecure and jealous
Actin bad with yo woman
Already don't got yo money
Can't take shit from me try yo best to put your meanest face on from me
But I don't need you bitches cause you bad company
The only way you don't get stomped stay the fuck runnin from me
This motherfuckers coming up lovely
These niggas cannot run me on nuttin (ain't dat something I'm)
Tight as a button the album cussin the
Whooole fucking up dat nigga and use words like a deadly weapon
Grab these motherfuckers by they thumb (Owww)
Ball yo stupid ass up and make yo ass look (dumb)
Do pass where I'm standin knaw wha' I'm sayin?
When I fuck that (?) you betta tell'em
I ain't playin!

(Chorus)
I ain't playin wit u
I ain't playin
(He ain't heard me)
I ain't playin
Fuck! I'm tired of this shit
Rappin motherfuckers
All them niggas tryin to use my name to sell there tape
I ain't playin
I ain't playin wit you bitches
It ain't that I don't want to motherfuckers
But I ain't got time to
Bitch I ain't playin
I ain't playin..