[Intro]
I'm in the land
L.A. -- land of the sticky
What ch'all niggas know bout that purple weed nigga?
Show y'all niggas some shit, it's that sticky, that bud
Indo, hydro, open up the window, I'm bout to blow.
That fire shit, nigga what ch'all, what ch'all got..
What ch'all got to roll 'em up?
Backwoods?
Garcia Vegas?
Straight chocolate Phillies?
Nigga straight, [?]
Nigga I'll twist it in the Black n Milds
Y'all niggas don't know nothin' about them Coronas
Cognac?
J.O.B., one point five?

Break it up, chop it up, cut it up, tuck the end
Take the filler out and roll it up
Light it, hit it, hold it, pass it
Puff puff blow it up
See some of y'all niggas be talkin' about blowin'
But can't handle the doja
Getting sleepy an' shit, quittin' all early
Bitch you ain't no smoker
Y'all must think used to hittin' that dirt
The sticks with the brown buds
Me, I ain't got shit else to do
Nigga, I'm 'bout to get fucked up
Two cases of green Optimos burned away
A.M. done turned to P.M
And nighttime done turned back to day

I'm, still smokin'
Feelin' sporty in my hotel - spent the whole day gettin' loaded
It's nothin' but smoke til there's nothin' to smoke
It's nothin' but sticky and nothin' but doja
Disconnect the smoke detector and
Put a wet towel up under the door
Nobody around me mo' dope for me, I got the whole tree
Leftovers for me, whoo this bitch off the hee
Button up 'cause suck 'em up is a pet peeve
First don't put my lighter in your pocket
Second don't wet my goddamn weed
That's just two, before I could get to three and fo'
Five and six, I heard a DUM DUM DUM DUM at the do'
Evidence all over, I've been doin' somethin' serious
Gotta hide this shit, 'cause I know that's hotel security
I played it off, I said come back later I ain't got on no clothes
He said, sorry sir, I don't mean to disturb ya, but I smell smoke
Fuck it just went to jail for that shit; I ain't goin' back
I done ate an ounce and I'mma flush the rest
'Cause I ain't goin' out like that
Sprayin' cologne and cuttin' on the shower; tryin' to clear it up
Workin' like a dog but I gotta open the do' - fuck it here go nothin'
The door swung open and some young nigga, talkin' bout  "What's happenin'?"
He said, I know you got that fire, sell your boy a sack

[Outro]
Ain't that a bitch
Boy if you don't get your bitch ass up outta here...
Nigga I'm thinkin' you the motherfuckin' police
I done threw all my motherfuckin' weed away
Fuckin with you old bitch-ass nigga
Nigga, get your motherfuckin' ho-ass up outta here
Bitch before I stomp your bitch ass, the fuck
Boy this nigga done blew my motherfuckin' high