It's hot, I'm steamy, sweatin', tossin' and turnin'
The whole house on fire and I can't stop it from burnin'
The curtains and the walls all indulged in flames
I yell, "Somebody help me" but ain't nobody came
I try my best to put it out then I said, "Fuck it!"
Break full speed to the back door one room away
But the faster and harder I ran it seemed like the longer I took
Prayin', "Please God spare me, I don't wanna cook!"
Knew that I did done some things that I shouldn't of
I knew I didn't come into Sunday service like I could have
But have mercy for your child, forgive me for my sins
I'm too young to die, Lord, get me through this
We gotta get to the back, don't gotta get to the kitchen
But they got thick black smoke comin' from the kitchen
Shit, all other exits are tossed, what I'ma do?
Stay my ass here and burn or run the fuck through?
Already havin' trouble breathin' when I started to cough
But no more time to waste, I cover my face and took off
Disendehydrate, I'm gettin' tireder
I gotta, keep movin', 'cause it's gettin' hotter
And hotter, whoo, whoa, shit!, I'm on fire
C-c-call them people to me, I-I-I'm on fire
C-c-call them people to me, I-I-I'm on fire
C-c-call them people to me, I-I-I'm on fire
I-I-I'm on fire, I-I-I'm on fire
C-c-call them people to me, I-I-I'm on fire
C-c-call them people to me, I-I-I'm on fire
I gotta get out of here, I've been trapped for over fifty five minutes
Looks like I'm finished, this could be a fucked up endin'
I done been in some fucked up shit but this the worst I ever been in
"Call them people to me", tell 'em send the fire engine
I hope this ain't my calling y'all 'cause I ain't ready
I'ma need some alerted emergency units to stand by, paramedics
Runnin' through the fire, I can't turn back
Somethin' went and everythin' went black
I can't see, I can't see, I'm blind
Oh fuck, I'm alright, I just had my eyes closed the whole time
Oops, shit damn!, But that ain't my stop my shoes from movin'
'Cause outside, here I am
I smashed through the back door like a ram
I made it! I'm still alive! I'm still a man!
Out the house but still I got fire on my clothes
So I stopped, dropped and rolled dig rolled
Started goin' wild on the ground tryin' to get the flames out my shirt
Windmillin' in the dirt but nothin' didn't work
I heard a, but that was just a barge
See, I live right by the river, that's it! Water!
Every step I took made hot footprints in the tar
Runnin' over cars to the twelfth ward wall
Get out the way 'cause everything I touch turn crispy
I'ma be at the riverfront, tell 'em people come get me
C-c-call them people to me, I-I-I'm on fire
C-c-call them people to me, I-I-I'm on fire
C-c-call them people to me, I-I-I'm on fire
I-I-I'm on fire, I-I-I'm on fire
Sparks like aluminum foil in the microwave oven
Where them fuckin' people? Somebody do somethin'
Can't you see what's happenin'?
Don't you see the smoke? Can't you hear the cracklin'?
Nobody wanna listen, everybody was scatterin'
I grab a nigga, he screamed so loud that shit was eardrum shatterin'
I said, "Don't scream dawg, I need your help, I'm the one on fire!"
He said, "Nigga, you supposed to be dead, how you still alive?"
He was right, by now they should be embalmin' me
But the shit don't seem to be harmin' me
Damn, this must have been a bad dream the whole while then
I heard them motherfuckin' sirens, hollerin'
I guess they finally got the people to me, they must have saw me
Huh, 'cause they was headed right for me
A fireman walked up and handed me a ticket
And said, "You just been put out, the fire went away!"