{Verse 1}
I'm still the one the rappers look up to
When they want to know how to do it
And they can’t figure out why the fuck you still love
That nigga you were tryin to ruin
Probably cuz a nigga knows shit from sugar
And could see through what you doin
But you made that bed and you bathed that nigga so the mob will start a chewin
Saw a nigga more cuz I know a let ya down and the thing that we pursuin
Don’t wanna leave but gotta go right now cuz I gotta face the music
Sky can all but be blue and calm
Specially with a storm blowin
Just be strong, we done seen it before so you know we can make it through it
I know it kinda hurt but don’t let em see you sweat
Just act like there's nothing to it
They laughin right now but they gon cry later, wouldn’t tell ya it if it wasn’t true
Come here baby, it’s alright, stop boo-hooin
Daddy gon be back up that real real soon
Come here

{Hook}
WHY! Why you gotta make yo mamma cry?
Hah? Can't Stay on the street cuz thats where ya gon die
Yeah I fell
Can't Stay on the street cuz thats where ya gon die
WHY! Why you gotta make yo mamma cry?
Hah? Can't Stay on the street cuz thats where ya gon die
Come here
Come here, let me talk to yall
Come here, come here
Come here, let me talk to yall

{Verse 2}
Left right. I been right. And I ain't gotta get right
I'm Real, I’m straight up like a motherfuckin pinstrip
I called but you been tied, rolled but you been like
Does a motherfucker reckon tell er gesundheit?
Tell that motherfucker you was in the big house
Tell the motherfucker what you made up and
Tell the motherfuckers how they used to treat you
Tell em what you gonna do when you get out
Shake them fuckin streets, break them fuckin beats
Knock that motherfucker down, tear that bitch to pieces
Rappers in for the spot that I’m runnin
Nigga proud of the place that you hung in
Tell me who gon be gone for that long
Then get back on top. How many niggas ever done that?
Sure that wasn't nothing but a setback
Show em just how a real nigga come back
Make him wish that he never would’ve did that
And the motherfuckin ass gon regret that
That dog gon have his day
You’ll see that when it’s over, don't fret, don’t cry no more
Come lay on daddy's shoulder

{Hook}
WHY! Why you gotta make yo mamma cry?
Hah? Can't Stay on the street cuz thats where ya gon die
Yeah I fell
Can't Stay on the street cuz thats where ya gon die
WHY! Why you gotta make yo mamma cry?
Hah? Can't Stay on the street cuz thats where ya gon die
Come here
Come here, let me talk to yall
Come here, come here
Come here, let me talk to yall

{Verse 3}
I’m still hard like I always was
So I imagine if a nigga ain’t have to leave
One of the coldest motherfuckers that
Ever touched the mic, ain't no tellin where I'd be
Probly some where at the top of the pile at a height that you can’t believe
And what you did and you didn’t do
During my career, We gone keep between you and me
How the fuck you have a dog but you don't wanna feed him and expect him not to leave?
How the fuck you think you can cut ya nigga that deep and expect him not to bleed?
I’m fuckin him up, back at yo house, when it be messy
Should've rolled with me now dip me
Not none of these niggas can catch me
But rap was there for me more than my closest homey
Never turned on me, fed me when i was hungry
I just was stuck a second, you ain’t give a fuck you waited
All that’s over now, that alja baby

{Hook}
Boy! Why you gotta make yo mamma cry?
Hah? Stay on the street cuz that where you gon die
Yeah I fell
Can't Stay on the street, Stay on the street cuz that where you gon die
Why you gotta make yo mamma cry?
Hah? Can't stay on the street cuz that where you gon die
Come here
Come here, let me talk to yall
Come here, sit down, shut up
Come here, let me talk to yall

{Outro}
Ayo you new rappers
I told you class was in session
But this class was like in the 1940’s
Where if you fuck up and get wrong
We put you over our fuckin knee
And we beat the shit out of you
Mystikal
Still a fuckin problem
You get it?
1940’s
Old school class is in fuckin session
Beatin yall niggas over the head