[Intro: Mystikal]
Here it come, here it come
Aw, here it go
Talkin' bout talk slow, move fast
Look before you jump
Talk slow, move fast
...Jump

[Verse 1: Mystikal]
Jump dumb, then come harder than they hardly do
Eat rappers with crackers and vegetable soup
Apples and bananas don’t make cranberry juice
Smell like somebody from Texas rubbed your tongue with shit on they boots
Imma take you to court, do that too
We gonna make a solo, get in the crew
I was gone 6, still in the loop
A bunch of people out you ready to root
Talkin' bout, go Mystikal, go Mystikal go
Hold up, look I’m 40 baby, go slow
My back sore, I can’t party like that no more
Get out the floor, my knees won’t get me get that low
I’m trying to sing like like Black Eyed Peas, I’m a be
Like 2Pac said, MOB, MOB
Can't smoke no trees, free my brother C
I’m bout to cut the, the streets will make ya bleed

[Hook: Mannie Fresh]
Jumping on you couch with my black boots on
Pumping on you spouts with my black boots gone
Tell your mama move the Handa (Raaaa-aaw Raaw!)
King of the south, headed back to his throne

[Bridge: Mystikal]
Talkin' bout talk slow, move fast, look before you jump (Go)
Talk slow, talk fast, talk... J-J-J-Jump

[Verse 2: Mystikal]
Nigga you can snort raw, to this Montagraph
Who’s the dopest motherfucker you know thus far
So cold when he's around that you can't wear sharks
When broads break him off, they got 2 west coasts
They put me out the ocean, and they banned him from the swamp
I slapped the alligator, bit that shark
Can't mow down to space now I'll shine their stars
Y'all left me in the club messed up punk
What you thought, huh? Look Imma start like Timmy McGraw
Without the Guitar. Get rapping these bitches up out their bra
Must be cross-eyed, ain't seein' watcha started to saw
You wouldn’t do what you did, and wouldn’t be holding your jaw
But where I’m from is talk slow, move fast
Look before you jump, hard head, nigga, soft ass
The next tie you at the Carnival
Keep your hands out the cage of the carnivore
(Raaw!!!)

[Hook x2: Mannie Fresh]

[Outro: Mystikal]
Go Mystikal go, go Mystikal go, go
Uh-huh, Uh-huh, Uh-huh (J-J-J J-J-J Jump!)
Go Mystikal go, go Mystikal go, go
Uh-huh, Uh-huh, Uh-huh (J-J-J J-J-J Jump!)
I said "While a little Warnin', a little Warnin'!"
Talkin' bout, Talk slow, move fast, look before you Jump
I said "While a little Warnin', little-little Warnin'!"
Talk slow, talk fast, talk... J-J-J-Jump
I said "While a little Warnin', a little Warnin'!"
Talkin' bout, Talk slow, move fast, look before you Jump
I said "While a little Warnin', little-little Warnin'!"
Talk slow, talk fast, talk... J-J-J-Jump