Chorus: Mystikal

Bitch I'm out that Boot Camp Clicc
Bitch I'm out that Boot Camp Clicc
Bitch I'm out that Boot Camp Clicc
Bitch I'm out that Boot Camp Clicc
Bitch I'm out that Boot Camp Clicc
Bitch I'm out that Boot Camp Clicc
Bitch I'm out that Boot Camp Clicc
I got my rifle and my rucksack. (2X)

Mystikal......
Left, your left
Left, your left, dress it right
Left your left, cover down soldier

Mark time march
Company! (Left!)
Atten---hut!

[Mystikal]
It's strictly representation of the Boot Camp Clicc
Got to find, got you runnin that train!
The M-16, A2, the nine millimeter Beretta, aim!
You better be dressed for wet weather soldier
I get cold as North Dakota
I'ma do whatever whenever to run yo muthafuckin' ass
Back to the border, rock and roll ya'
I control ya' I can hold ya' lock and load
Thirty round clip, flesh gon' rip
Ain't shit a tourniquet can fix, the booby trap is tripped
I drop P's and 203's on you MC's
Rank done hit the room, stand at ease
In danger, but in the Ranger I drank King Cobra's
Out my canteen and smoked Optimos
In the gas chamber, violent, move silent
Five meter interval, single file column
You in my sights you gonna die
You on it tight keep yo head down, eyes right
All you dying on the battlefield struggling for survival
I hope you got your bible
Bitch, I got my rifle

Chorus

[Black Menace]
I feel like no nigga alive can take me
Handle my business I'm in this to win this
You fuck with the Menace and you will be tasting my tennis
And when I get finished you be needing a dentist
I'm ready to end this niggas defenseless when I be laying that shit down
Hold up, where the fuck you going? Nah nigga don't quit now
Reachin' up under your shirt like you got a strap but you ain't using shit!
Fuck pullin' out guns I'ma start drowning niggas
Like Susan Smith cause youz the bitch making me believe
You other than a Bitchcock
It's drama time and I'm playin' the role of a black Alfred Hitchcock
B double O-T C-A-M-P better be known
Where the best lay now what the fuck that camp like
(it's for life ess-say)
I got my Glock locked the fuck down
And I'm still gonna be pullin' a plug
Much love to my niggas that's full of the bud, G-Slimm what up, cuz?
I buzzed off the suds partna' I does what I want to
You tink your pretty C-A-T smart don't you
That first step's a loo-loo and I'm too through
So chill bailin' straight from the five-oh-four
So slow your roll and recognize the real

Chorus

[Mystikal and Black Menace]
It's a long way from home, can't escape the killin'
Feel ready to kill casket feel for real
Twistin' the night away AK's the weapon
Step into the darkness this nigga be heartless
With the steel feel me as I duck your guts upon a corner
Down for the funk smell the aroma death I'm on ya
Erase your blood stains ghetto train like a pit
Survival kit marks the beast nigga triple six
Minus one up out the chamber, endangered species
Be me when I'm in anger rearrange your structure
Bustin' at you bustas USA to Russia
Fuck you never trusta' Bitch I'm out that boot camp!

Chorus

Mystikal:
Company (Left!) Grrrrrrrr....HOOOOOOOOOO!!!
Riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiight!  Hee! (Forward!!)
(Mystikal....)
Forward....MARCH!!!!! (Move Left!!)
Left..... Go Left
Left..... Go Left
Left..... Go Left
Left..... Go Left
Left, Left inch Left
Go Left right just right
Go Left, Left double it down go left right left
Left, Left, Left, Left, Left

Black Menace:
Big Rob been chillin'
Black Menace Aaaaahh Aaaaahh Aaaaahh Heeeee