[Intro]
The birds are chirping!
Uh-ah! Uh-ah! I need a bird!
Uh-ah! Uh-ah! I-I need a bird! Ah!
Robert Dinero, boom, ugh!

[Pre-Hook]
Robert Dinero, I get the money (I get the money)
Robert Dinero, I get the money (I get the money)
Robert Dinero, I get the money (I get the money)
You see how it's coming? The twenties, the hundreds?

[Hook]
I get the money, I get the money the money the money, I get the money, Robert Dinero!
I get the money, I get the money, I get the money, Robert Dinero!
I get the money, I get the money, I get the money
I be like andale, andale, andale, andale, andale, quick when it's coming
Andale, andale, andale, andale, andale, quick when it's coming
I get the money, you see how it's coming, I get the money
Stacking the twenties, the fifties, the hundreds, I get the money
I get the money, you see how it's coming, I get the money

[Verse 1: Mystikal]
Fucking writing raps tighter than grip pliers, I spit for higher
Pesos, pesos, Cinco de Mayo, Robert Dinero
Or fuckin' Richard Pryor, I'm on fire!
Your paper on a diet, liar
My pocket on Camilla, partner
I get that Draymond, I get that green nigga
I get that Andre Iguo-dollar, dollar
Teflon dollar, nickels, pennies, never, nada
Original mothafuckin' don dada
Don't snort powder, do blow ganja
I get the fifties, the multi, the millions and hundreds, the thousands
Might hurt your feelings when I hit the building, bitch I be clowning
Clown wit' it! Cold as fuck, I'm raw and uncut, I'm dope like a kilo
What do you know? Soon as I said dope, this mothafucka talkin' bout he need a kilo
I got the bestest and baddest of bitches, the sexiest fuck me
I be like andale, andale, andale, andale, bitch get from under me!

[Pre-Hook + Hook]

[Verse 2: Mystikal]
Suck my dick, bitch I'm rich and I'mma flaunt it!
If I pull up in it, then I own it
I kill these niggas deader than a weekend at Bernie's
They come with that garbage, Fred Sanford
I got that E-40 - "yup, nope"
Birds comin' faster than a nigga colon arrow in a toilet
I be callin' Remy darling, Wanda Sykes, Raven-Symoné-moné
Big Truck Records is a muthafuckin' one man army, Sylvester Stallone
Bitch I got them knuckles, bitch I got them elbows
Bitch I got them Jonny "Bones" John-John
You can call me Mystikal and you can call me Michael
Bitch, just don't call me on my phone
I got them cars and them houses, got that Benzino, I got that Larry Holmes-Holmes
I got that rabbit, got that log cabin, bitch I got syrup
I got that lethal, I got that purple, got that Danny Glover, Whoopi Goldberg
No Danny Devito on my Robert Deniro
You gon' fuck around and get the business bitch, Geraldo Rivera, shit!

[Pre-Hook + Hook]