Where all my niggas? Where my neezees at?
Where all the breezies at? Where the breezies at?
Where all my neezees at? (What do you mean?)
Where all the breezies at?

[Chorus 2X]
I’m gone off liquor, almost ripped her
It’s a party goin’ down and it’s off tha rictor
Top notch bizzles, all my fizzles
But the cold part about it, we all on thizzles

[Verse 1]
I’m parkin’ lot pimpin’, couldn’t be more blunted
When these hutches pull up in a GS400
What’s real? What’s the deal? How you feel? Can I spill?
You must be tryna holla ‘cause you All N My Grill
Pass the kill, ‘cause bein’ a dope dog
Can make you famous, and I’m diggin’ on both y’all
I hope y’all, dip in the party
‘Cause it’s broadies in the party and they sippin’ Bacardi
They spent a grip on this party, they got a gang of X.O
Quit actin’ like a punk, hutch, park the Lexo
It’s real big, bigger than you thought
Bigger than that bubble-eye 400 you bought
They in Benzes, Navis, and Range Rovers
And please believe it’s gon’ be hangovers
In the morning, baby. Is you goin’, baby?
We off tha rictor, you ain’t knowin’, baby?

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
I’m in the party blazin’, I see this hottie gazin’
But her stretchmarks got her lookin’ like a raisin
I’m on a different page and, I’m saucy like some Cajun
Wouldn’t care if she was Haitian, Asian, or Caucasian
I only want them dimes, y’all, you know the kind, y’all
Arrivederci, me love you long time, y’all
DJ please pick up your phone
Somebody’s in the bathroom blowin’ homegrown
And they wrong than a mug, I need a hutch
Who ain’t beggin’ ‘cause I wouldn’t give a cripple crab a crutch
We off the Richter scale, who got some crip for sale?
Mac Dre need it big, can’t you tell?
I’m feelin’ good with a ‘wood between my jaw
And when the party’s done dada, baby, hop in the car
Oh, I ain’t trippin’, you can bring your sister
‘Cause where we goin’, we off tha rictor

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Baby lookin’ drunk in a corner but I want her
‘Cause she blingin’ and she gleamin’ with them diamonds she got on her
I promise she got on a rap check around her neck
More karats than stew and ooh she a fool
And the way she dancin’ with her homegirls: freaky
Here’s my pager number, go on girl, beep me
I do it kinda lav’, Jacuzzi in the bath
Grab your friend by the hand, hop in and let’s smash
I’m off tha rictor, out of contreezy
Off the heezy, tryna toss a breezy
Mac Dreezy, yeah, that’s right, hutch
We off the…we off the, what?

We off tha rictor
Rictor, off tha rictor

[Chorus]