Not long ago in a place real far
I knocked this hutch at a grill slash bar
Fucking up some prawns n chips
Cause Mac Dre don't eat omelets
Suckin' my teeth like I'm the shit
On gin but I think it's time to switch
Bar tender give me something strong
Don't want no Iced Tea Island Long
Gimmie stoli's with Roses lime
Man I get that all the time
Throwback, Steve Largent #80
I looked up and I saw this lady
On my momma, I ain't fat mouthin'
The bitch looked like she could suck a thousand
But her ass wasn't really all that giant
She must have been workin' her Fonda diet
Man you know she looked alike
That Filipino broad jay used to like
Bottom line, she was fine
You don't see this kind all the time
Man you know my name first is Mac
Walked up to her put down my act
I said 'Excuse me, lady, is somethin' wrong?
You've been staring at pimpin' way too long
Why do you keep on eyeing a nigga?'
Cuddie, the bitch started cryin a river?!
I said 'What's wrong?' like a cared...
She said she caught her pimp fucking a square
I said damn you must be devastated
She said I've been with him since I graduated...
But wait a minute... you look familiar
I said 'C'mon now, look, Cecilia
That's the oldest line in the book
That's bunk like dope I used to cook'
She said 'Uhh don't you rap?'
I said 'Yes, it is I, Andre the Mac'
She said 'Well, uh, if that's the case then wave five thou wow in my face'
She said she's been my fan since she was 12
And if she was gonna choose it might as well be me
The M to the D and that five thou wow choosing fee?

(Now this story has four possible endings
Is Mac dre a going to A) reach back like a pimp and slap the ho and tell her 'bitch beat it
I ain't no rest haven for runaway bitches'
B) Start speaking Swahili 'cause he thinks the bitch is the fuzz tryin' ta pinch pimpin
C) Or does he P.I.M.P and tell the bitch 'Put it in my pocket, you beezy'

I said 'Look, if you want Dreezy
You gonna have to put it in my pocket, you beezy'
The bitch reached in her Fendi bag and almost made pimpin' grow a shag
I said 'God damn, bitch' The bitch had 40 grand, kids
10 thousand in stacks of ten I said 'They gonna put you up under the pen'
I said 'We can't do this in no bar
Let's talk about things in my car'
Who is this bitch can I trust her?
Took her outside to my Plymouth duster
She said there's one more thing that you should know
There's one more hoe and where I go she go
I said where I come from 3 is fun, plus, 1 is too close to none

Twinkle twinkle
Cow moo moo
I shit on niggas
Al boo boo [x3]