[Intro]
*phone ringing*
Hello, you have reached Mac Dre’s Romp Rap Line
To hear the story of Jack, Jill, and Little Jack, press 1
And for my personal favorite, Lil Bo Peep and his six freaks, press 2
Go on and make your selection now

[Verse 1]
I know this man named Jack who has a wife named Jill
Jill works two jobs to help Jack pay bills
They try so hard to make ends meet
But barely make enough for Jack and Jill to eat
And little Jack Jr., they was to check with consumer
‘Cause at the end of the month, he always eating on tuna
What’s R-E-A-double L-Y going on?
I gotta ask you before I keep flowing on

[Hook 5X]
What’s really going on?

[Verse 2]
Jack drank heavily, sober he never be
A chronic alcoholic since 1970
And Jill was a big flirt, brothers would get hurt
And Jack wouldn’t know a thing ‘cause he was there with her
And Jack was the soft, and Jill be the boss type
Sprung on Jill because she knew how to talk right
But one day Jill slipped, got caught in the bed with
The guy from next door, Joe, yeah, she was straight sick with
The things she did since she was a kid, she snapped in head
And had a kid but never got rid of that freakiness
Are you peepin’ this?
Well, let me ask you a question before I deepen this

[Hook 7X]
What’s really going on?

[Verse 3]
Little Jack Junior grew up to be fly
A shake ‘em, break ‘em, take ‘em player kind of a guy
When others would grind, Jack Junior would rhyme
I guess to this fact, the rollers were blind
He had dreams of rappin’, gold and platinum
But rollers would jack him, and steady attack him
One day they beat him down, hit him all in his crown
He swung and hit one, they sent him to the ground
Cuffed and stuffed him, continued to rough him
In jail they stuffed him, when Jack did nothing
Charged him with assault on a C-O-P
Tryna stop him from getting to the T-O-P
Had a max of 4, pleaded and got 2
Now he’s in jail on a deal he copped to
Thinkin’ ‘bout the day when he gets home
Huh, what’s really going on?

[Hook 5X]
What’s really going on?

[Verse 4]
Jack, Jill, and Little Jack, man, can you get with that?
Well, as I spit this rap, people, don’t miss a fact
That these are problems that many must go through
Jill found sex was hard to say no to
Jack got married to a no-good wife
And the rollers messed with Little Jack all his life
What’s R-E-A-double L-Y going on?
Khayree, let the beat keep flowing on…

[Hook (Repeated)]
What’s really going on?

[Dialogue]

[Outro: Mac Dre + Kilo Curt]
Yeah, though—Mac muthafuckin’ Dre in the house
With my homeboy Kilo Curt—what’s up, Kilo?
What’s up, playa?
Ah man, I’m just kickin’ it like a ninja
Hangin’ in tight like a booty bite, everything alright
That’s right
Yeah, we done served ‘em some of that commercial shit
Now it’s time to come with some of that game
Straight game
Yeah, flip this muthafucka over to the other side
And let’s go to the Crestside
Straight Crestside
So I could start spittin’ to y’all fools
Yeah, straight comin’ up in ‘92
That’s right
Mac Dre, hoe, Strictly Business Records
Romped Out
Straight dealin’ it
Do it
It won’t quit
Never