SameOldShawn: What would, say, a typical night at the Latin Quarter be like for each of you guys around, circa, mid 80's?

MC Serch: I mean, for me, it was making sure you had the flyest gear. So it was taking your check money and going to the Colosseum. And if Coca Cola had the new shit out then you'd buy some Coca Cola shit. If not then you were checking for some Benneton shit. If it wasn't Benneton shit then you were just going for some Jordache or some Bosco jeans. Then you'd go for some Lottos or you'd go for some Alessi's, you know, get your outfit right. You'd hit the LQ at about 9:30, 10. Cuz' you didn't want to get there too late cuz' it would get crazy outside and they would start fights and everything. Paradise made sure and Lumumba would make sure that if you got there early he would slide you in.

KEO: Rest in peace Lumumba.

MC Serch: Yeah. So you'd get a slice of pizza right quick at the corner, real quick get some pizza, and then you'd dip in and Fat Raoul was the opening DJ so Fat Raoul would be playin'. You'd be chillin'. Then you'd be in the LQ til about 2. You'd see everybody, everybody would be in there. Red Alert would come right after he was on at Kiss and he would DJ for about 2 hours. The whole Violator crew - Chris Lighty, God bless the dead, Darrell, and all those dudes. You'd see everybody. LL would come through, Just Ice would come through, KRS would come through, Ultramag would come through, Stretch and all the dudes from the dances... I.O.U. dancers would come through, Shake and all that. Then, you'd go from there to 155th, The Rooftop. Cuz' the thing was, you could go to Union Square but typically you'd go to Union Square on Saturday cuz' Union Square and LQ are open at the same time and close at the same time, so really unless there was a show, and you'd do half the time at LQ and then you would hop the train and just go down to 14th St., but usually what I would do is head uptown. Because Starchild would be rocking that roller rink til like 4 o' clock in the morning. And people would usually get on and do shows at about 3. So then you'd go up to The Rooftop, do everything, all of that, then go to 145th and Lenox, go to the after hours. Then you'd be there until 12 o'clock in the afternoon. You'd be either smoking woolas, playing dice, listening to music...

KEO: Talking bout the Uptown Garage?

MC Serch: Yup

KEO: When it was upstairs?

MC Serch: Yup. And then you'd go home, sleep it off, and do the same thing the next night. There were different little things like Thursday night was the Red Parrot, so you'd go to Red Parrot because Shante might be doing a show or Juice Crew might be doing a show... That was a little more grown and sexy; they really didn't like jeans and sneakers. Had to get a little grown and sexy. Or if you really wanted to get on some freak shit you'd go to Garage on a Wednesday night with Larry Levan and really get on some watching clue you know, dusted out of your mind... Or you'd go to Union Square where you'd literally be like - it's these two levels that you look down on, there was this balcony, and then the DJ booth was over here and Funkenklein would be there, God bless the dead, and Faith and BMOC and all these dudes from downtown. And if you stayed downtown after 2 you'd go to Save the Robot or go to The World, because they were open til like 3 or 4 o'clock in the morning. That was the rotation.