Culture Power45 ft. 777 - “Ape Opera”
[Emcee(s): Pruven and Vast Aire]
[Producer(s): Dig Dug]

[Verse 1: Pruven]
No, I’m not a yes-man.  Won’t shake your hand
Snake venom in your plans, green plants, desert sands
Rest in power, Kevlaar 7.  Teflon’s
Said to protect shit—poof with a bullet and demonic aggression
Second-hand smoke choke, friends doing dope found
Potential, took his neck from the rope, rope
From the neck, choke on the set, float with the cess
Expect nothing left, Death already.  Han Solo
Slept, killed by his son, which would be A-
-1.  High school basketball teammate killed by
The gun.  Stand or run, the earned funds going hard this
Year, beyond without the fear.  Tears from the Viking
Girls nipple-biting.  Can they find chicks’ drug?
Killer was this verse.  I’ll recite, write intense spiritual
Lightning, beyond-the-club fighting, entice the wise
Men.  He’s sounding like an overzealous hype man

[Hook: Pruven]
Transcendent gems, tran-
-scendent gems (Rise above)
(It all) Transcendent gems, tran-
-scendent gems
Transcendent gems, tran-
-scendent gems (Rise above)
(It all) Transcend (Walk around in my own)
(Shit)

[Verse 2: Vast Aire]
Yeah
It’s Vast Aire, the black Ghostbuster
Your girl’s slimed—I proton-packed her
I’m a dom—I keep ‘em in handcuffs
She rolls my blunts ‘cause you know I stay
Puffed.  I’m a Fantastic fellow
My body’s like The Thing—I am not marshmallow
I Shakespeares like Othello
You could call me “Number 7” like Carmelo
I’m a hard act to follow
And that reality pillar’s hard to swallow
I’m heavenly.  You’re in limbo
Journey to the Center of the Earth and it’s hollow
That’s bizarre, though
I’m Superman.  You’re a clone like Bizarro
Just wait.  You don’t want to arm-wrestle
With the hand of fate.  I got heat to make

[Hook: Pruven]
Transcendent gems, tran-
-scendent gems (Rise above it all)
Transcendent gems, tran-
-scendent gems
Transcendent gems, tran-
-scendent gems (Well, I knew I had to)
(Rise above it all) Transcend (Walk around in my own)
(Shit)