[Verse 1: Breez Evahflowin’]
Yo, you got to get it how you want it, know a nigga need it
Hunger.  Someone got to feed it
Don’t want beef ‘less I got enough to eat it
Stack up one by one ‘til I got enough of weed—it’s sick
Focused on unlimited shit
Same time, mind’ll grind ‘til I finish the shift
And when it hits, I’m calling it quits
Break shit, split, cuss, spit, screaming, “Suck my dick”
Make hits.  No time for games—let’s grab this
Sack your quarterback and delay his passes
The game says, “Hut.”  The gauge says, “Catch this”
You win, we replace Gatorade with acid
(And) And that’s high school shit (Word)
Now we competing with The Devil at collegiate levels
Avoid the meeting of the flesh with the piece of metal
Walk like Jesus, the rebel saying, “Peace,” to the ghetto

[Hook: Breez Evahflowin’ and Poison Pen with Biskuts Scratches] (x2)
One, two, three
Billy Goats Gruff—another one after me
Don’t really want to cause no casualties
Drop massive, larger than gravity

[Verse 2: Poison Pen]
Anything that roll over my tongue and hop over my fronts
And manifests itself, if I speak, is real
Bring that soul where I’m from, run blocks over for fun
You can’t protect yourself.  You could keep your deal
I’d rather put out my own hot shit
Then to deal with these filthy cunt twatlicks
Malcolm-X-style: get your hand out my pocket
We’re not the best now?  I’ll cut your man out my profit
All he do is say, “The album’s coming,” nod his head in the studio
And he copped a Hummer?  I’m sleeping on the floor at my grandmother’s
What’s wrong with this picture?
We charge through and y’all yelling, “What’s wrong with these niggas?”
All I want’s what due to me, what’s due to Vast
And what’s due to Breez.  Let’s do the math
Let me see y’all books—our accountant’s here, nigga
Who’s the giant who will beat ass?  Vast Aire, nigga

[Hook: Breez Evahflowin’ and Vast Aire with Biskuts Scratches] (x2)
One, two, three
Billy Goats Gruff—another one after me
Don’t really want to cause no casualties
Drop massive, larger than gravity

[Verse 3: Vast Aire]
My Atoms Family gruff, niggas is rough
We want the sky and the ground—we can’t get enough
You might know us from our gravity bars and
The Sun, the Moon, the stars, and such and
I don’t need permission to cross the bridge
‘Cause she had six drinks and I’m up in her ribs
I rhyme like Prisma with a darkness to it
When I see the finish line, I got to run right through it
There’s no “maybe” or “I suppose,” nigga
I’ll spit a flow and you could look at my nose, nigga
I ain’t lying (I ain’t lying)
We got a Stronghold, now you crying (You crying)
Your shirt’s burgundy—now you dying.  Let me find out
You was talking shit at your hideout
This beat is off the hook—I hope the beat drops out
When the last Atom splits, you’re gonna fall out

[Outro: Poison Pen and Vast Aire]
[Poison Pen (Overlapped with Vast Aire)]
Yeah.  “Billy Goat Gruff” Remix.  Breez Evahflowin’, Poison Pen, Vast Aire, dude my Ricanstructor.  Midwest hold tight.  Yeah.  That’s what’s up
[Vast Aire (Overlapped with Poison Pen)]
You know’m saying?  That’s how it goes down, niggas.  Atoms Fam, Stronghold.  Breez Evah, Poisonous Pen, Vast Aire.  Wha-what, wha-what?