[Intro: Vast Aire talking]
It's like, one day I came home and I was like, "Man...I was listening to the radio and shit." I was like, "Damn Camu we gotta do this shit."

[Hook: Vast Aire]
I wrote a rhyme to a beat
Sipping a Sam Adams
Now everybody and they grandma know Atoms
Now everybody and they grandma know Atoms

[Vast Aire]
Now niggas want war like Edwin Starr
But what is it good for?
(Absolutely nothing)
I'm saying, Ice Ice Baby lost 18 zeros cause he was (Absolutely fronting)

[Verse One: Camu Tao]
Cause fronting's been see through like Vin Diesel
I'm in the back of club smacking up two people
I'm in the back with your girl trading sweet secrets
Rubbing on your honey and getting them tits leaking
And if I'm too slick for niggas, switch to triggers
Shoot me up with fifths of liquor, help me out
When I'm out pitch hits to niggas
And if the club is stuck or lame, punk we heat it up
And if your girl say she stuck on brain, we eat it up
Cause 'Mu's been cracking since What's Happening?
How you gonna push the shit forward when your ass backwards?
Attitudes wanna change when the cash stack up
Shoot thangs when they attack using a black magnum
Listen...niggas...are you ready for fun?
How you gonna front in a house when it's heavy with guns?
Chop up your body have your rolling with chunks, niggas...

[Hook: Camu Tao]
I wrote a rhyme to beat
Sipping a Pale Bass
Now everybody and they grandma knows Smash
Now everybody and they grandma knows Smash

[Camu Tao]
Now niggas want war like Edwin Star
But what is it good for?
(Absolutely nothing)
I'm saying, Ice Ice Baby lost 18 zeros cause he was (Absolutely fronting)

[Verse Two: Vast Aire]
You know my health is New York but my elbows are Southern
Comfort spilled on my shirt, change the pattern
MC's better eat they veggies
I'm Four times Fantastic
Unseen, rock hard and flexible
Plus my flesh is fire suitable
Yo, who you rocking for?
To the cats in the front who be acting ill
And the chicks in the back with the skirts that peel
Haha
She's hoping for my index skill
Cause I was backstage up in her Massengill
Niggas jerk all night looking for skins to kill
Now we wake up with the Morning After pills
I think my tongue needs a dance floor
Cause my vernacular is like fancy movement
And if you ever test my crew
You might not live that long to dispute it

[Hook: Camu Tao] {x2}
Put your money where your mouth is
I'll knock your teeth out
We don't play fair, yeah, that's the street route
What's the beef about?
Life ain't that long
Niggas squeeze 'em out you put it in a rap song