Loer Velocity ft. Oktober, L.I.F.E. Long, and Vast Aire - “Industry Standard”
[Emcee(s): Oktober, L.I.F.E. Long, Vast Aire, and Loer Velocity]
[Producer(s): All Those Mutha Fuckin' Reasons (AKA Prince Be)]

[Intro: Oktober]
Oh yeah.  That’s right.  How we do

[Verse 1: Oktober]
Ayyo, I’ll mix business with pleasure (What?)—it’s personal now
I’ll set it off, first to put in work and I’m proud (Yeah)
Raised in a household with no cursing allowed—fuck that! (Fuck that!)
Me and family stay toasting, tux-tap
Strong, so wine glass cracks and liquor’s spilling (Yeah)
We set standards behind the mic, politicking (Politicking)
I’ve been doing a lot of thinking.  Now that you mention it
They ain’t repping with the penmanship of a perfectionist (Whoo!)
I’ll throw no punchlines—I’ll swing battleax
Cut the shortest straw that broke the camel’s back (Haha)
All Those Mutha Fuckin' Reasons, lessons at hand
And, after Oktober, hear the rest of the fam

[Verse 2: L.I.F.E. Long]
Cross the line between reality and fake—tripping on
Your face was the first mistake.  While you debate
About being untouchable, phenomenal, great
My ears can’t stand your ego.  Another bar fly
Far through and you define who you are
What you’re made of, the simplest thing, star.  Everybody can’t
Shine the same light that bright.  Sick of the
Stereotypes, wannabes rocking the mic
Show your role, do your thing right.  Insight
Over things put in front my sight.  Before I choose
To abort and take flight through the wee hours
Of the night, we’re moving upward in flight

[Verse 3: Vast Aire]
You think I’m gonna come up in your bum-rush show?
Drink all the wine and dance with some hoes?
Shorties is like, “You got the sandbag flow”
‘Cause, when I speak, I leak slow
Styles is tight, plus construct like boa
And might make your breathing velocity slower
Jerome, please bring my mirror
We the industry standard, make ‘em see clearer
We call ‘em Sierra ‘cause you cunt-less
Don’t you see the era Cannibals bite flesh?
Now your L.I.F.E.’s in a Long mess.  We left
The cypher like King Kong, banging my chest
Boom

[Verse 4: Loer Velocity]
The first cut’s the deepest, second makes an elitist
Gym stars spitting at you’s the way I secrete this
Hardcore uniqueness that’s familiar to none
With the will of the Sun and no apparent weakness
Already, I’ve done set the industry standard
‘Cause, personally, our truth is like the nail that’s hammered
For the hanging of fine art contestants and calamity
A dysfunctional family live in stereo
I’m not your typical ladder-rung emcee scenario
And not for the weak-at-heart, but you don’t hear me, though
Synonymous with sending you back—it’s a wrap
Loer your Velocity with his feet up on the map