Vast Aire:
(It's like, one day I came home and I was like man, I was listening to the radio and shit.  I was like damn, Camu.  We gotta do this sh*t.  Yo!)

Vast Aire:
I wrote a rhyme to a beat sippin' a Sam Adams
Now everybody and their grandma know Atoms
Yo, now everybody and their grandma know Atoms
Yo, now niggas want war like Edwin Starr, but what is it good for?
(Absolutely nothing)
I'm saying Ice Ice Baby lost 18 zeros cause he was (Absolutely frontin')

Camu Tao (of S.A. Smash):
Cause news been sequel like Vin Diesel
I'm in the back of the club smackin' up ten people, [ow]
I'm in the back with your girl trading them sweet secrets
Rubbing on your honey and getting them tits leakin'
And if I'm to slick for niggas I switch to triggers
Shoot me up with fifths of liquor, help me out
When I'm out pinch hits the niggas
And if the club is stuck on lame, punk, we heat it up
And if your girl say she's stuck on brain, we beat it up
Cause Mu's been crackin' since What's Happening!!
How ya gonna push your shit forward when your ass backwards
Attitudes wanna change when the cash stack up
Shoot things when they attack using them black magnums
Listen, niggas are you ready for fun?
How you gonna front in the house when its heavy with guns
Chop up your body have you rollin' with chunks, niggas

Camu Tao (of S.A. Smash):
I wrote a rhyme to a beat sipping a Pale Bass
Now everybody and they grandma know Smash
Now everybody and they grandma know Smash
Cause niggas want war like Edwin Starr, but what is it good for? (Absolutely nothing)
I'm saying Ice Ice Baby lost 18 zeros cause he was (Absolutely frontin')

Vast Aire:
You know my mouth is New York, but my elbows are southern
Comfort, spilt on my shirt change the pattern
MC's better eat they veggies
I'm Four times Fantastic, [Unseen]
Rock hard and flexible
Plus my flesh is fire suitable, [yo who you rockin' for?]
To the cats in the front who be acting ill
And the chicks in the back with the skirts that peel, [Ha Ha]
She's hoping for my index skill
Cause I was backstage up in her Massengill
Niggass drunk all night looking for skins to kill
Now we wake up with the morning after pills
I think my tongue needs a dance floor
Cause my vernacular is like fancy movement
And if you ever test my crew
You might not live that long to dispute it

Camu Tao (of S.A Smash):
Put your money where your mouth is
I'll knock your teeth out
We don't play fair yeah's that's the street bout
What's the beef about life ain't that long
Niggas squeeze 'em out you put it in a rap song

Vast Aire:
I wrote a rhyme to a beat sippin' a Sam Adams
Now everybody and their grandma know Atoms
Yo now everybody and their grandma know Atoms
Smash Brothers, Atoms Fam
Cause niggas want war like Edwin Starr, but what is it good for? (Absolutely nothing)
I'm saying Ice Ice Baby lost 18 zeros cause he was (Absolutely frontin')