[Intro: Sample from [?] and Ace Lover]
Sample from [?]: 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1
Ace Lover: Yeah, yeah, Godschild on the track.  Hahahahaha.  Y’all ain’t ready for this one

[Hook: Samples with DJ Blowout Scratches]
“[?], y’all blaming [?] for this” - Sample from [?]
"Lucky number embedded on my chest was seven" - Sample from Supernatural's "Mind Tricks"
“1, 1, 1, 1” - Sample from [?]

[Verse 1: Ace Lover]
Now, let me explain.  (What’s the deal?)
Ace Lover (Ghetto fabulous), riding first-class on the D Train (Boom boom)
Y’all know my steez.  When I blow up
I’ma have mad crackheads on my promotion team
(Ace Lover) more than you wanted to get.  (What’s that?)
I’ll be killing it (And), plus Sugar Hill in it to the fullest extent
(Right).  Y’all heard it through the grapevine (Ha)
How I roundhouse kicks snares from the slap-box basslines
Y’all been waiting for this shit (Ace Lover, y’all)
Ace Lover versatile with lyrics as well as love-making positions
(Hit it from the back).  What’s the deal, brethren?  (What’s that?)

[Hook: Samples with DJ Blowout Scratches]
"Lucky number embedded on my chest was seven" - Sample from Supernatural's "Mind Tricks"
“2, 2, 2” - Sample from [?]

[Verse 2: Lil’ Sci]
My poetic expressions (Expressions) will hypnotize the mass.  Testing, testing
Without question, verbal essence remains a blessing (Remains a blessing)
Joints stick, bang, and shake the pavement of your section (What?)
It’s Little Sci up in this piece.  Stop asking questions
Sci and Ace Lover spread the butter (Ha) along with others
Ripping mic devices (-vices), spitting flows that’s priceless
Walking the path of the righteous.  You know me
I might just rock for forty days and forty nights without pause
Flipping like Mary Lou Retton mixed with Dominique Dawes
Scienz of Life will wile like tours with rhyme wars
Spilling from my jaw is metaphors that stay raw
Peace, y’all.  I’m out the door

[Hook: Samples with DJ Blowout Scratches]
“3, 3, 3” - Sample from [?]

[Verse 3: A.L.]
I’ll rap in a rage, ready to burst like I’m trapped in a cage
Meet you backstage, nigga, with a MAC and a gage
Leaving you burgundy, for certainly, your body get scarred
Cause you to have more surgery than a Hollywood star
‘Cause when I rap, you listen.  I’m sort of like an apparition
My songs be humming, the Second Coming, so go and ask a Christian
I’ll pass the mission of trials and tribulations
The fires of revelation gave me miles of elevation
I’m taking your spirit, turn your skeleton into gelatin
Torture your brain, feed your remains to the pelicans
Faces of death.  I’ll bring terror you can’t imagine
The ending is coming like a seven-headed dragon

[Hook: Samples with DJ Blowout Scratches]
“4” - Sample from [?]

[Verse 4: Vast Aire]
I like to put apples on foreheads before I speak
It’s like archery but only it pierce deeper
Sometimes electricity blows the speaker
I love a acapella—it pierce a little deeper
You can’t tell a Muslim to eat around the ham hock
But you might persuade a thug to unload the Glock (Hey!)
The truth is to leave nothing out
My rhyme is coming out and I ain’t leaving nothing out
You need to send that shit (That shit) back to the laboratory
Edit the lie and then the whole story
Like, “Is that red dye or bloodstains?
And did he just disappear?  Only the mic remains”

[Hook: Samples with DJ Blowout Scratches]
“5” - Sample from [?]

[Verse 5: Pumpkinhead]
Yo, Vast, give me the complete time
It’ll take to whip this brother’s ass.  I spit fast when I hit grass
Pumpkinhead never kick trash.  I clash with titans and give ‘em whiplash
Then roll ‘em up in a zigzag.  I’ll rip fags apart
Feminine-ass rappers with no heart
Call me “Black Barber.”  Two revolvers, I’ll split you into two parts
Now look at yourself falling apart for no reason
I’ll rip your arms off, then give you a four-fisted beating
I’m still underground like a casket but on top like a mausoleum
Me and Ace Lover disgrace brothers through all four seasons (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
We beating, deleting you weaklings who are weak links
Writing with weak ink, trying to write what we think
Y’all need to stop

[Hook: Samples with DJ Blowout Scratches]
“6” - Sample from [?]

[Verse 6: Wordsworth]
Words.  You want to battle?  I’m just double-checking.  There’s really more than seven
Cats that’s supposed to rap, but the eighth one was afraid of my presence (Of course)
Y’all could huddle a couple of seconds, then, every few seconds
One of y’all could step in like it’s the Royal Rumble of wrestling (Aight)
Son, how I wish that I could share my skills
I’ll make a note to leave you some when I prepare my will
Quit rap.  You need to let go (Stop).  The crowd don’t know your songs
To sing along.  And that’s your own voice—the speakers echo
Peep the tape cover: Words with five others and Ace Lover
Pick your favorite.  I’m sure you got a tape of us
There would have been eight others (Would have been).  But he’s a bitch
Getting interviewed by Barbara Walters with his voice altered and face covered

[Hook: Samples with DJ Blowout Scratches]
“7” - Sample from [?]

[Verse 7: Yeshua DapoED]
Yeah, time has come again.  I’ll provide a blend
Of vibes I send for you to dive right in
See, when I glide my pen across the pad
Of course I’m bad, ultra-fly multiplied by ten (True)
And I’ll brag ‘cause I can with the mic in my hand
Considering I deliver what the rhythm demands
Not to mention the attention that I’m giving the fans
I create, innovate.  Just a nigga with plans.  It’s
You’re slow if y’all thinking, “Damn, which
Was the last cat summoned to craft language
Into a bittersweet flow?”  With those
You’ll need to hear two.  I’ll check you cats in the rearview
Peace

[Hook: Samples with DJ Blowout Scratches]
"Straight towards the heavens" - Sample from Sample from Supernatural's "Mind Tricks"
"Lucky number embedded on my chest was seven" - Sample from Supernatural's "Mind Tricks"