Culture Power45 ft. Donald Mayhem, Vast Aire, and Infinito 2017 - “Rise of the Ebony Gold”
[Emcee(s): Donald Mayhem (AKA Thaione Davis), Vast Aire, and Infinito 2017]
[Producer(s): Thaione Davis]

[Intro: Vast Aire]
Yeah.  Culture 45 about to get live.  Let’s go!  Crimson Godz

[Verse 1: Donald Mayhem (AKA Thaione Davis)]
Yo, touch.  From the top of the ceiling, we’re feeling
Like these feathers was weathered, heavy, one-in-a-million
The same villain who never really was top-billing
Still killing, collecting bones, and still grinning
The mad character, ceremony hysteria
Terrordome wrecker never fold when under pressure
Prophets, not because of what’s up in their pockets
Pat ‘em down like we’re in the tropics, close to
The equator like Haile Selassie, operator
Automated conversater, Dave be crazy on the fader
Motivator plus intelligent rhyme, magnificent
Seven personalities, and everybody killing shit (Ayyo)
Focus, let ‘em go put dust up in their noses
Let ‘em see if they can carry out the mission, get demoted
We approach it like a veteran, strip ‘em to their skeleton
Crown tilt, melanin build, we’re not hesitant

[Hook: Donald Mayhem (AKA Thaione Davis)]
Ayyo, live from your area codes to all burials
Thrive, we’re the cream of the globe.  Play this scenario
Loud—if the stereo blow, we gon’ turn it up
Rise of the ebony gold, they’re still fearing us

[Verse 2: Vast Aire]
On the Yellow Brick Road, I click my feet
If her pussy is candy, trick-or-treat
It’s October 31st, and I’m ready to eat
I got the Crimson Godz running the streets
Stick and jab, bob and weave
I’m the reason you hear pianos on Hallows’ Eve
War accident—fix me, please
Add Six Million—call me Steve
Austin.  I’m known to be lost in
The cosmos, keep ‘em in fear with the atmos’
My Shell is mechanical, found Ghost
But my ghetto is animal, found toast
Yeah, then I’ll disappear
Like Xena, you won’t even know I was there
I’m a winner.  Let’s get this in gear
I warp zone—you could call it a leap year

[Hook: Donald Mayhem (AKA Thaione Davis)]
Ayyo, live from your area codes to all burials
Thrive, we’re the cream of the globe.  Play this scenario
Loud—if the stereo blow, we gon’ turn it up
Rise of the ebony gold, they’re still fearing us

[Verse 3: Infinito 2017]
Somewhere, stuck in your fantasies of being
Dope, gifted, souls get stuck in imaginary world
Weak—quit it—unlisted memories
He moves too fast for passive-aggressive pansies
Looking for chance, can’t make it.  Stealing, biting
Others’ lies, stolen legacies, mystery systems
I’m Godlike, like God, God in man
Get your life right.  Frances Cress, balance-beam
Walking, finish what’s started light-hearted
Planets’ movements arrival, wrinkle in time
Conclude complete optics, triple observation
Documentation conservation, Culture Power
Nine, the beat antichrist, Babylon, no Chiraq
Babel Tower, power, angels’ Heavens
Colonial cowards limp off stage
What’s todays math?  Why God rebuked them?
Anti-everything-unoriginal, Krylon criminal
Diop University, Mau Mau, red, black, and green
Obscene gestures, whatever
ML7102 truth