Deep Breez ft. Vast Aire, Cryptic One, and L.I.F.E. Long - “Strong Atoms”
[Emcee(s): Vast Aire, Cryptic One, Breez Evahflowin’, and L.I.F.E. Long]
[Producer(s): Deep (of 2 Hungry Bros)]

[Intro: Vast Aire]
What up, Breez?  (Yeah.  Strong Atoms).  Alright.  Yo

[Verse 1: Vast Aire]
I’m about to rip this.  It’s
The Aire in the Breez I’m about to shapeshift
Ox is out the cage—you ought to know
I was trapped in a room with 2 Hungry Bros
It’s Hannibal—that’s my alpha team
Just look at me when I spit light beams.  I’m Off
The wall like MJ with the silver glove
With blessings from up above
It’s the Wizard of Oz.  Just watch what you talk
It’s the Yellow Brick Road when I start to moonwalk
A hip hop celestial.  Catch me
Doing the Shmurda at the Sundance Festival
Defeat me?  Impossible.  My strength’s
Incredible, and your planet’s edible
Hit you so fast, you forget to bruise
Look at my arms—you gon’ lose

[Verse 2: Cryptic One]
It’s Cryptic One live via satellite
I wrote this rhyme via candlelight
And I’m 2 Hungry, Bro, to slow my appetite
Pedal to the metal, run the traffic light.  I strangle life
To squeeze that juice right out and take
Sips of the drip until it’s true lights-out.  Yo
“Punch him in the face” something that I might shout while I’m
Sitting ringside while truth fights doubt
Truth on my side, so I’ll return the favor
And you pursue lies while we savor truest flavor
I have to strike while the iron got heat.  Ain’t no
Irony in that.  I keep one eye on the street and the
Other stays looking to the skies for the limits, and my
Lyrics give a lift that helps defy physics
The Aire is Vast and Breez Evahflowin’
“The mob steady stoning” is the slogan

[Verse 3: Breez Evahflowin’]
Yo, I got
Separate rooms, different parameters, yo.  Play my
Perimeter, yo.  I’ll set the limits to: Flow.  Come get it
Let’s go.  A finishing blow.  Doo-doo-doo-doo!
[?] all in the corncob
Flows stay wet like [?] or pots that I
Pour on them corncobs.  Bros stay Hungry
Beats stay hungry.  Love these raps
So I’ll write the tracks with the white puffy hat.  Must be
That negro.  Holy flows classic
Tim Tebowing in an Eight-Ball Jacket
No joke, quote throwback shit.  “Cross so
Many emcees, I offended the Catholics”
You got to go way back to catch this like when the cops
Started that, “Oops, I just killed a black kid
Oops.  Killed another one.”  First part of the rhymes was
The fucking fun.  This shit is fucking unreal

[Interlude 1: Breez Evahflowin’]
Chill for a minute, man.  (Chill) Get back

[Verse 4: Breez Evahflowin’]
It’s so damn hard not to go that hard
When you don’t know when you go before that God
Looking back on it, either have that piece or lack
That peace.  Your rat-tat-tat-tat artist.  The part
Feast.  My doctorate: dark beats straight from the
Apocalypse.  Breez

[Verse 5: L.I.F.E. Long]
Silently, strategically plotting
Practicing the Art of War, choose the right battle before
Pulling out swords.  Liggy Long packing Ex-
-calibur blade to even scores.  The game’s rigged, no one’s
Playing fair.  The world’s cold, where most’ll smite their peers
Just to get ahead in the rat race.  System designed
To keep you in place, consume, buy, multiply, then die
Leaving nothing behind.  The era’s twisted, where em-
-cees mumble their rhymes, everything digitized ‘cause dues
Paid online a sign of the times.  Planes dropping out
The skies.  The lies disguised to leave the masses blind
Climbing up, can’t keep pace ‘cause time flies, so I’ll
Make every minute and hour count in the last seconds
Grinding, crafting large amounts, out for perfec-
-tion.  (Yo) I get it where I fit in