It's a celebration, ha, hey, hey, hey
We do it till we die, oh, hey, hey, hey
Pedal to the metal y'all
I ain't gotta settle y'all
I'm on a different level y'all
Smoke's ... ... my old ... i ain't gotta bother
A ... i'ma show them how the summer time represent
Fresh out of confinements and i do
Everybody rushing to that neighborhood pool
Just trying to keep ...
Louie ... trade in the guns for them big super ...
When the female approach us
...attract us, cold benz sodas
... wear arm legs shoulders
Be ... throw a couple steaks on the grill, let them sizzle
Sunny outdoor grizzle, weather's warm
Everybody happy, all i see is smiling faces and a breeze from the north
Got the footprint on the gas, everybody love me in the city and it feels good
And so bright it's full of cash, this is for my ladies and the fellows in the whole hood
I god the system set for blast, ...we go, ...
Everybody get up, get up, get up
It's about to go ... we bout the ... so we having a celebration
On the shore it's jump rope...laughing joking
Lemonade, portorican, dominican, ...fun for all ages
My man, it's hard enough you gotta wash the car by hand
Come through, speakers spand
Good ... you ain't ...
Let's go, ... top, i'm betting 5 grand on the bank shot
On point, far as the drama goes
Dominoes and ...
2 fifth ... logn beach, down in virginia beach
Nobody home, everybody in the street
Got the footprint on the gas, everybody love me in the city and it feels good
And so bright it's full of cash, this is for my ladies and the fellows in the whole hood
I god the system set for blast, ...we go, ...
Everybody get up, get up, get up
It's about to go ... we bout the ... so we having a celebration
Finer words, chick rocking high ass skirt
Cast selling ... and t shirts
You know the feeling, all in the planet
Snow bunnies on the roofs top tanning
Get fresh at the local tournament
Spectators hanging from the trees like ornaments
East side, west side, south side, north side
Celebrities sitting court side, the whole city
Heavy police presence, nobody going back to the essence
... everybody going ... fish and chips and burgers ...
Doesn't matter where you from, we all can't wait to participate new summertime fun
And black gonna shine like the sun
And this is the sound ... for many year to come
Got the footprint on the gas, everybody love me in the city and it feels good
And so bright it's full of cash, this is for my ladies and the fellows in the whole hood
I god the system set for blast, ...we go, ...
Everybody get up, get up, get up
It's about to go ... we bout the ... so we having a celebration