[Hook: C.Ray]
See how we came to make shit bang
Whether you're cripin', bloodin', pimpin', thugin', servin' the fiends that yang
Yeah
See how we came to make shit bang
Whether you're bloodin', cripin', puffin', sippin', chronic and Alizé
Yeah

[Verse 1: Twisted Insane]
Hit em in the brain!
When niggas already bang on a motherfucker so lethal
Run up on anybody wolfin' outside
To be put up on the floor to make an AK murderer feel evil
The life I teach you
Mind filled with sick thoughts but I see my no equal
I've seen people
Die in the middle of their life now there's no sequel
Move into the hallway quick
Doin' like everyday all day shit. All 'dey wit
Twisted Insane 16 in the wind and it all 'dey shit
Pull up at the river when I toss that shit
Back to the spot to get off of that English
I was on Venus
Dreamin' that I had an alien bitch fuckin' suck on my penis
Hop in the light through the back throwing
Straps and the brain fully act like fuck
All of these niggas. Pull up on a corner right
Here and test 'dey nuts
Bodies is fallin'
The lord is callin' it's time to leave us
Who do you believe in? Jesus!
Well it's time for you to go bring me Jesus!
Nigga now leave us
While I sit back and sip of my brew
They get too much love anywhere that I go and
That's whether you creep at the moon
Who would have ever knew?
That this 40 oz brew would have a nigga hella ill
I was just quiet lovin' if you actin' tough for me
There's nothin' for me to just kill;
But nigga that's real!

[Hook: C.Ray]
See how we came to make shit bang
Whether you're cripin', bloodin', pimpin', thugin', servin' the fiends that yang
Yeah
See how we came to make shit bang
Whether you're bloodin', cripin', puffin', sippin', chronic and Alizé
Yeah

[Verse 2: Twisted Insane]
I'm all in
Motherfuckers better fall in
Mind but'chu run about the time
When i'm comin' through your line
Just to fuck your bra skin!
Mind feelin' like a load of rifle
Spiked with a little bit of nitro
Typed in the middle of the night kinda like a
Base meme wit' a pipe; so psycho!
Drunk wit' her
Bang with these killas' who split nigga's brains
We punk with her
Trunk full off
Bullets that wish that'll win like pew!
And then bunk wit' her. Mmhmm
They can be fried like burgers and fries and hot grease
Not me. I be in 'da in mood like the
Little tin man on Monopoly
Oh
And they call me a loose cannon
Mind's a little fucked up but I do damage
Cuckoo for cocoa
Like Randy Savage but I eat a nigga real quick like fish sandwhich!
Wasn't like I needed Peter Parker in the dark;
What the? Oh shit, hold up right there

*Phone Conversation*
Hello? What's happenin'?
Dey's here to pay you 1000 more for one more show
Oh yeah come through it's all good
Alright
Okay for sure!
*Hangs up*

Look i'm right back in, oh look
Now who would have ever knew?
That this 40 oz brew would have a nigga hella ill
I was just quiet lookin' if you actin' tough
For me there's nothin' for me to just kill;
But nigga that's real!

[Hook: C.Ray]
See how we came to make shit bang
Whether you're cripin', bloodin', pimpin', thugin', servin' the fiends that yang
Yeah
See how we came to make shit bang
Whether you're bloodin', cripin', puffin', sippin', chronic and Alizé