[Intro]
There is more to me
Than what meets the eye
I carry with me
Several gems
Some good, some bad
I've spent my life up until now
Trying to harness these powers for the better
Such as King Solomon used them to build his vast temples
I simply want to use them to live
This is what lies beneath the surface

[Chorus: Tanqueray Locc and Twisted Insane]
Must release the beast within him
I can feel you hiding from me
Must release the beast within him
I can feel you hiding from me (hehehe, ha ha ha)
Hehehe, ha ha ha

[Verse 1: Kamikazi]
Allow me to let out this [sea ?] full of feelings so deep within me
Gotta get it together in the wind like a feather, I'm fed up, I know the [mementos  ?] not free
But I feel stuck on defeat
I gotta get up out of this just to breathe
If not seen, the Grim Reaper will creep
I swear to you, leave me alone with no phone on me
I'll be the victim eternal [lost sleep ?]
Sick of these thoughts, I can't sleep
I was sat here, indeed no direction
Torn between Hell and this Heaven
6-6-6-6, I'm in search of one 7
I'm about to melt down if I can't learn these lessons
This life is a blessin', supposed to find happiness
I don't feel nothin' but the heart of a champion
Wanna be good, surrounded my nastiness
Ever since I was a teen from Minneapolis
Prided my manliness simply through violence
Fuck a gun, I got 2 hands throwin' [?]
I had no guidance since I was a baby
Just what the world made me as I sat in silence
My parents ain't try, my daddy's a tyrant
Momma, she said she done caught the meth virus
I hear the sirens off in the horizon
I'm sick to my stomach so ain't no more smilin'
I'm just a diamond in the rough, will I make it?
I'm in my asylum where I'm weak and jaded
I don't have the words to describe what I'm feelin', now go make a deal with the devil awaken
But he's infiltrated, my mental's a circus, I'm certain that he done rewired my circuits
No [sermons ?]
Disturbance is what I feel writin' these verses
I'm cursed but still demons lurk beneath the surface

[Chorus: Kamikazi, Tanqueray Locc and Twisted Insane]
Must release the beast within him
I can feel you hiding from me (hehehe, ha ha ha)
Disturbance is what I feel writin' these verses
Hehehe, ha ha ha
I'm cursed but still demons lurk beneath the surface
Must release the beast within him
I can feel you hiding from me (hehehe, ha ha ha)
Disturbance is what I feel writin' these verses
Hehehe, ha ha ha
I'm cursed but still demons lurk beneath the surface

[Verse 2: Kamikazi and Twisted Insane]
Well, I really don't wanna give in, but the demons inside of my head say I'm worthless
Can I retort with your [resort?] [?]
Man, fuck that, put 'em in the middle of the [?] on purpose
But there must be some reason for this
With the seasons, I've been known to flip
Homie, you ain't even gotta trip
Just put him in that by the trash can [then hit?]
[?] you will go sick
Now unload the clip
Can you help me, I wanna be normal (Why)
Just wanna fix my brain and work through these portals (Okay)
And I heard you're immortal (That's true)
I hate these humans, I just try to be cordial (Fuck 'em)
Get a mask like from Zorro
Walk up in the movie theater, kill 'em all, ain't no tomorrow
I will always be right here through all your sorrow
[Bet you my fate?] don't hide behind tomorrow
Tell me, what do you want
Wanna jump to the dark off in melodies (Why)
My chaos and confusion now enemies (Okay)
My angels left, demons now sent for me (That's true)
What is the reason, now tell me please
To walk through the darkness is destined
To become a Damu and just rep with me
You promise to set me free?
But you ain't put no work in for the turf, man
Then let me be
Maybe, if you kill, like, one more time
Walk up to the next one you see and then go blah
I feel I'm in danger

You're not my nigga. You actin like a little bitch right now

If you take a deep breath, better yet, watch your step
Never know, man, your life just might end in three
You walk in full of [saws ?] everybody get a ring around the coffin, you look and
You realize it's meant for me (Hehehe, ha ha ha)
Then again, we will win and they will all drop
Infectin' death in 'em like I'm cancer
Stop
Will you come with me?