[Hook 4X]
I know I be racin’
My shit is contagious
That’s why I spit that shit that make you
Look like you had facelift

[Verse 1]
I got a weed habit that’s constant
I got a walk that won’t get off the gangsta lean
I got a gang of bills in my pocket
When you pass, motherfuckers mad you ain’t made a team
They never made a nigga that can fade a nigga
I’mma win it, ain’t gon’ pretend that I’m not the one
These motherfuckers actin’ like they really killin’ shit
When I’m the one that really got a nigga poppin’ guns
I’m like „WHOOP!”
Now tell me who the fuck and I’d rap this nigga
I don’t give a fuck who you pick, he could be the man
Pull out the Saran, then wrap this nigga
If a nigga win, back to back this nigga
I don’t play hoops but I shack this nigga
The pow(d)er in my hand while I smack this nigga
Fuck it, I’mma turn around and clap this nigga!
So I hit ’em with a weapon
And I turn around, they gotta step in opposite direction
If I’m feelin’ disrespected then I really gotta wet ’em
Put a bullet in my chamber, then a motherfucker get ’em!
Racks in my backs from these fuckin’ shows
I be on a roll makin’ stupid guap
Everybody and they mama know I’m it
How many people tell you that you hot?
How many people knowin’ that you NOT?
You really need to quit it, man, your shit is weak
You really never ever make a fuckin’ knock
I heard the same shit from niggas since ’93
I’m weak? Nigga, that’s a blasphemy!
I’ve been avoided by the industry for fuckin’ years
The rap game is lookin’ like a toilet bowl:
It’s really time  for someone else to put the shit in gear!

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Always on the murder and the mash for green
Everybody in it with no vaseline
Solo ballin’ when I go against the massive teams
I’m finna pull over and fill up on the gasoline
I could’ve been the one to kill, you could’ve been the one to die
And I be havin’ visions of my death like every fuckin’ night
And I be thinkin’ to myself if anybody want me dead
The homies’ll come back and make a show a nigga ?muddy fried?
„WHOOP! (Ain’t nobody fuckin’ with you…)”
Now tell me who the fuck and I’ll spit this venom
I’m finna motivate, elevate, to a different state
Bust up out the crate, come get this gremlin!
The 45 caliber, nigga, rip that denim!
I be in the city stickin’ dick fat in ’em
You talkin’ too much, hurry up and zip that denim
Watch it I'mma pin her, bend her over the counter and bend ’em! (Go…)
Then I hit her with the penis
And bendin’ the body perpendicular, rippin’ the fetus
And feedin’ up on the cleavage, and niggas they call it ?remission?
I was about to chew, don’t listen to it if you’re squeamish!
Where I come from, nigga? From the dirt
Slept on a park bench or right on the street
That’s why I got so much love for the broke and homeless
Why I give turkeys out on christmas eve?
While you other niggas worried about yachts and shit
Buy a hundred thousand dollar watch and shit
Don’t nobody care about you coppin’ shit
You silly motherfuckers really need to stop this shit!
Everybody wanna know what I’mma do or
Should I try to get a deal or should I stay Brainsick
?I keep it hearin?, I’m the sickest nigga in the game
’cause I’m competin’ with these niggas and I ain’t got shit!

[Hook]