[Chorus: Dikulz]
Smashin' down the highway flashin’ high beams
Head out the window doin' high speeds (High speeds)
Might be on a crime spree (Crime spree)
Try me, I'll leave a crime scene
Smashin’ down the highway flashin' high beams
Head out the window doin' high speeds (High speeds)
Might be on a crime spree (Crime spree)
Try me, I'll leave a crime scene

[Verse 1: Dikulz & Z]
Let me set the scene, outside the bank, it started with 4
Me, Twisted, C. Ray and Z 'bout to come up on a score
Lookin' like we ready for war
Jumped out the van and we charge in the door
Tell 'em all "Get on the floor"
Alarm was ringin', it was hard to ignore
So I tell the bitch turn it off
"Bitch you better just turn it off
Oh, y’all want no violence? Then silence"
Then I just heard a cough
Twisted went off, "Ay, we got a problem?"
Homie told him no but no one knew he told, Twisted went and cocked back and shot him
They were surprised when he done it
That’s when his wife started runnin'
It got her shot in her stomach
She flew like she got punted
Told him "Listen, you just gotta quit it. Twisted, let me get the shotgun
Yeah, we gotta get up in the vault and get it, only got a minute ’fore the cops come"
Try'na rip off this bank for the scratch
Dip off with Z to the back
Fuck this vault, it's gettin' jacked
Put large stacks inside of bags
Shit was just crazy, we bagged a milli plus
Told Z it’s time to leave
Yeah, three of us

[Verse 2: Z & C. Ray]
Sorry, I'll need to clean him up
I gotta leave abrupt
And now there's three of us
I started scopin', try'na look for the open just hopin'[?]
But hold on
Look around the corner then go on
[?] and to keep movin' with the heater tucked ("Quit lookin' at me")
Anybody move, I'mma beat 'em up with the pistol butt
I'm just try'na leave
'Til I'm out the room, I want everybody face down ("Eyes behind your sleeve")
Don't make me turn you to Scuba Steven
This ain't your money so mind your B
("Everbody thank you for you- I said don't fuckin' breathe")
I told you I would slap you wit' it
Just try'na get ghost and [?] it
Hop into something [mid-tinted ?]
Count this money and split digits (Split digits)
Goddamn these bags are heavy. Twisted, come get it
I'm havin' trouble [startin' ?] run wit' it
Dikulz didn't make it, think a guard hit him
Come on, homie, hurry up
Not movin' fast enough, gotta step it up
Weapon tucked, cheddar's up, we pulled it off, rev it up
C. Ray, take this bag and pack it up
Homies, we did it, bruh
Got over a milli to split
Yeah, the two of us

[Verse 3: C. Ray & Twisted Insane]
Money in the bag, load 'em in the truck
I skrrt, already got the police on our ass
Movin' though the city, only Twisted runnin' wit' me, can't see where I'm goin' in this mask
Put the pedal to the carpet, get rid of the whip befo' we hit the hideout
But they're [?] runnin' every light now
Twisted dumpin' out the window wildin' [?] didn't see this old bitch ("Oh shit")
[?] the top, got hit by the cops and did a couple mo' flips
But that gave us a window so fuck it, I'm up on the sidewalk for like 5 blocks
People runnin' resembling livestock, y'all are collateral damage, I'm not
Then I swerve, hit the alley on the right and left a bicycle messenger sideswiped
Know I gotta keep the mask on but this shit is really fuckin' with my eyesight
Not to mention the blood on the windshield
No more wiper fluid, so as I maneuver
Got my head hangin' out of the whip still
Got a cop assumin' [?] it
And they no longer know our whereabouts
Homie, look, I think I see the warehouse
Pull up, lookin' at the car
Covered in the blood of everybody we just aired out
Change clothes, get the other getaway ride
"Put the money in the trunk, G
Had to snuff Z, quarter milli to a half-"
Now it's just me

[Verse 4: Twisted Insane & Dikulz]
Turned around and went up in the hideout, left a couple bags up in the front seat
Threw the take up on the table, every stack was there but always fed up when I dump heat
Shit, I had to do it, it was him or me, I had a funny feelin' wasn't actin' right
I took a [?] switchin' [?] counterfeits before I catch a flight
I got the phone to hit the Uber, we on every channel
Fuck, I gotta get up out the situation
Went and grabbed the other bags and watchin' helicopters movin' over top of where I'm waitin'
Pacin' back and forth all ways, I'm try'na be evasive, I don't wanna deal with the troopers
Notification went off [?] my phone (Huh?)
There go my Uber
Hop in the whip and get to dippin', I was trippin', feelin' paranoid
I mean lookin' out the window left and right, we hit the light and then I peep the [?] boys
Maybe if I l play it off and keep lookin' at my watch he'll never stop us for no questions
My heart is beating up outta my chest and I look at the cash with a bag full of weapons
The intersection
Through the light we made a right and now we on our way, yay
"Hit the gas and get to smashin'," told the Uber driver, "This gon' be your pay day"
Met a couple people for this job and then I killed them all up on the same day
"Homie, you look familiar to me"
If you don't say

[Chorus: Dikulz]
Smashin' down the highway flashin' high beams
Head out the window doin' high speeds (High speeds)
Might be on a crime spree (Crime spree)
Try me, I'll leave a crime scene
Smashin' down the highway flashin' high beams
Head out the window doin' high speeds (High speeds)
Might be on a crime spree (Crime spree)
Try me, I'll leave a crime scene