[Chorus: Trizz]
These demons takin over my brain its hard to maintain
Shootin caine in my veins to try and stay safe
I used to look to my angels but fuck it things change
These demons takin over my brain its hard to maintain

[Verse 1: Trizz]

I be trynna live righteous, before im dead lifeless
Bring evil into existence [?] trynna recite this
The devil might like this, he feeds off of my shit
But he can eat a dick like this bitch I used to ride with
Gangstas move in silence so I remain silent
The loudest in the room be the first nigga to die quick
Im into gettin violent a trait that ive been hidin
Characteristics of a serial killer and I despise it
I can't control it, deep within my soul [?] broaches
Rolled in some grossness, im potent poison is silent
Where did they find me? Ain't too many like me
The devil lives inside me, angels are beside me
God walks behind me trynna guide me to do the right thing
Its clear that im hell bound nobody wanna fuck with me
These demons keep me company in case you try and fuck with me

[Chorus: Trizz]
These demons takin over my brain its hard to maintain
Shootin caine in my veins to try and stay safe
I used to look to my angels but fuck it things change
These demons takin over my brain its hard to maintain

[Verse 2: Twisted Insane]
As I sit all alone in my room and think
I know mothafuckers who know mothafuckers who'll put
One up in your wink, shit these niggas'll come to
Your window and put one up in you before you can blink
Go on a mission [?]
And I see demons all around corners lookin at me
Maybe they wantin my soul? [?]
[?] On the real I begin to feel somethin like a monster
Preachin, but dont pray to your preacher
Cause nigga I was sent to haunt ya
"Feel like a monster in the dark"
No shit but I thought you knew?
How a mothafucker would do surrounded by candles, demons
And voodoo
Up in the dark all by myself cause I dont like too many
Niggas around me, surrounded by evil creatures [?]
"What about the good ones?"
What about em? I ain't seen nobody come and save me
And I was a lost soul in the wind most of these mothafuckers fugazi
I know Im a little bit crazy but nowadays
That really dont mean shit I look in the mirror
And say to myself, "Its time for me to emit"

[Chorus: Trizz]
These demons takin over my brain its hard to maintain
Shootin caine in my veins to try and stay safe
I used to look to my angels but fuck it things change
These demons takin over my brain its hard to maintain

[Verse 3: Trizz]
Its crazy mothafucker im insane think my heads dented
The fat odor from the fridge I keep heads in it
I ain't got a fuckin wife they say I scare bitches
I fuck in awkward positions arms and legs twisted
Talkin in tongues the demon thats speakin english
Theres fire up in my brain just waitin to be extinguished
I see it but dont believe it I ain't the nigga to beef with
They say I should live like jesus to rid me of all these demons
I live for myself and I dont need no fuckin help
I try to live righteous avoid going to hell
Heaven god'll save a place for a nigga cause I ain't well
Cast a nigga a spell before I end up in jail
Give me a death sentence Ill take it within my own hands
Die before I ride up in prison with all those old heads
Id rather be a washed up rapper got no fans
Hot as a mothafucker lookin like all my old friends