[Intro]
Twinkle, twinkle, little star
How I wonder who you are
Up above the world so high
Like a diamond in the sky

Brain!

[Verse 1: Twisted Insane]
I pull up on you niggas with the 50 with me, buzzin’ off a bottle
With a model with me, lipstick on my dick
Twisted in the bitch, while eatin' fish and grits
And some may call me sick
I’m nobody which you wanna be with, you’ll get the mitts
And listen to me, when they ready to kill
Go out and do it, if nobody movin’
Tell me would you put one in his noodle?
Sneak up into his house while he’s sleepin’
How ’bout this freakin’ machete, I’m on my Freddy
And kill his kit and caboodle
I’m spittin’ venomous doodoo, rippin’ bodies to pieces
Now feel my telekinesis, I leave ’em layin’ in feces
I’m sicker than all of the demons,go even preach if you want to
My wicked will always haunt you so keep on prayin’ to Jesus
People was pilin’ up ’cause I’m overdosin’ on killin’
My homicidal reaction, I make ’em reach for they strap
Either that or get to runnin which homie give up they bat
I keep up with the gangstas till I can go to the back
Forever holdin’ a ?gat?, whenever they wanna
Put me to the test, I make ’em rest in the cemetery, you’re done
Buddy somebody really shoulda' told you I diminish you
Homie, it’s never finishin’, shit has only begun
And I am one of them ones that raised up right from the slum
I’m comin’ from the abyss and drinkin’ gorilla piss
Now homie, don’t get me pissed, I’m knowin you like your music and ridin' for all your people but they ain’t fuckin’ with this
Bet they wanna get with me, well now ain’t that about a bitch?
They tell me that it’s over when the fat lady sing
But, add up all the money that the fat lady bring
I’mma have to go and make a naked fat lady team
I told you I be runnin’ off of diesel
Fire breathing dragon, I’mma spit it with the gasoline
My nigga, you can come with an army
It don’t really matter ’cause the Brainsick will smash your team
Brain!

[Chorus (2x): Charlie Ray]
Fee fo fi fum
Runnin' up on ’em, stompin’ ’em flat, let’s have some fun!
Fee fo fi fum
A hundred in front and blockin the back, nowhere to run!
Fee fo fi fum
Come kick it with us, we off of that yack
And we finna puff that weed in that sack
If they wanna fuss, we’re stompin’ ’em flat
Fee fo fi fum!

[Verse 2: ISO]
I pull up on a nigga with the Mac upon the avenue
Run up off the Henny with the natty and the attitude
Leave a nigga wet like my cigarette, bloody red
Murder a nigga, not givin’ a fuck, then let the homie laugh at you!
Pull up at the bar, blood and all already had a few
Catch ’em in the grim room, then I get to stabbin' you
Ever kill a nigga in the room with the mirror, look up out it
Then you swear to God the devil lookin’ back at you
Pack a few guns, but I beat a nigga black and blue
I could give a fuck about your son, blood, I’m an animal
Cannibal, ain’t nobody waitin’ on, they tell ’em to
Talk, talk, till he dead, blood up on my mandibles
Man are you crazy? Panoramic camera view
Turned hiphop to a motherfuckin’ panic room
And I shoot babies, tell your son, edible
I’m equivalent to Satan rockin’ up a Santa suit
Handle you, hatin’ niggas tryna give me feedback
Talk about religion but, I do not believe that
You can suck a sick dick, go and buy some knee pads
Fuck a nigga, smoke your whole hood like a weed bag
Kill up and I'm ballin' nigga, you won't need a lead pass
Keep twin Glocks in the [?] call em' heat pads
Put your money where your mouth is, with your weak ass
Put ’em in the bottom of the sea where the reef at
Workin’ for the Brainsick, Dead Gang strange shit
Hottest in the city for your fuckin’ information
Haven’t met in real life, fuckin’ mental patient
Nigga talk down till they dead up in the basement
Told ’em I’m a fire breathing dragon, keep on brackin’ for the
Niggas, spittin like I had gasoline
You can try to come with an army, it don’t really matter
’cause the Brainsick will smash your team
Brain!

[Chorus (2x): Charlie Ray]
Fee fo fi fum
Runnin' up on ’em, stompin’ ’em flat, let’s have some fun!
Fee fo fi fum
A hundred in front and blockin the back, nowhere to run!
Fee fo fi fum
Come kick it with us, we off of that yack
And we finna puff that weed in that sack
If they wanna fuss, we’re stompin’ ’em flat
Fee fo fi fum!