[Verse 1]
Yeah
She said she want to fuck me by the furnace
Pull out my dick and that's when she got hella squirmish
She said she loved it when I squirted in her perm and made snowmen with my sperm, shit I even named one Ernest
The bitch suck it like a Jolly Rancher...
And spend so much time on her knees, she went from belly to a doggy dancer
And now she spread it like she cancer
She fucked me, Rudolf, Blitzen, and Prancer
I think she wanted me to kiss her, but I told her it'd be funner and she'd cum more if she'd let me fist her
She said she love it when I rap fast
I said I'd love it if you let me tap that

[Hook]
I really wanna fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck
I really wanna fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck
I really wanna fuck

[Verse 2]
She said, "I really can't believe I'm wit a rap star."
I said, "I'm drunk, shit, you could be Roseanne Barr."
And Imma eat the shit like it was canned lard
Then I can beat it slow, or really damn hard
But I don't really think you want ya cat scarred
They are okay, but I am He-Man large
I am all man in ya pussy
You would think it was a tall can in ya pussy
Mmmm, but it wasn't O' English...
It was just my muthafuckin goddamn penis
After me, it's no sequel, I told you on The Root Of All Evil...

[Hook]
I really wanna fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck
I really wanna fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck
I really wanna fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck
I really wanna fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck
I really wanna fuck

[Verse 3]
They wanna fuck you 'til you screamin
I'm Brainsick, I'm all up in it 'til you bleedin
Yeah... dick on the inside of your cheek and...
Your grandma did it, then I made her put her teeth in
Cuz ain't nothin wrong with old pussy
(She's dead...)
Shit, nothin wrong with cold pussy
If you think a nigga playin, bitch try me
You ain't been fucked 'til you been fucked by me
Think I won't, shit try ya luck
(Holy shit, Twisted Insane's in my guts)
Mm, I'll make ya freeze - Sherbert
Me and [Oneward?], hmmm...
Pervert
I love it so much that I really wanna take it with me
And make a bracelet outchya muthafuckin naked pussy
Mmmm, I wanna rip you out your fuckin jeans
I told em all on Ustream...

[Hook]
I really wanna fist, fist, fist, fist, fist, fist, fist
I really wanna fist, fist, fist, fist, fist, fist, fist
I really wanna fist, fist, fist, fist, fist, fist, fist
I really wanna fist, fist, fist, fist, fist, fist, fist
I really wanna fist

[Outro]
I said I really wanna fist, baby
You know...
I'm Lord of the pussy
I'm Lord of the... yeah
He he he
They ain't fuckin with me...
[?] yeah
They ain't fuckin with me...
I just wanna...
Eat that shit 'til that shit is... ya know I mean?
I wanna chew on that shit 'til that shit look like chewed bubblegum, nigga, like chewed dog meat
Brainsick, nigga
I wanna fist
He he, yeah
I want that muthafucka elbow-deep, yeah
I want that muhfucka elbow - I wantchyou to feel this, mmmm
He he he
I told - I told you, you was fuckin with a real one
Yeah...
I ain't one of them lame-ass niggas
I'm Insane
Mmmm...