[Verse 1: RZO Stacks]
Werf ein Blick in meine Augen kannst du Feuer sehen?
Doch bleibst du lange, lässt die Flamme dich in Asche aufgehen
Und jeder zweite meiner Welt, dran zu Grunde gehen
Ich habe Wut in meinem Blut und brenn wie Napalm Gel
Und bitte was von dem? In deinem Scheiß System?
Kann sich messen an den Bändern meiner leisen Tränen
Ich hatte keines von denen – ich hatte Gift in den Venen
Was willst du Opfer mir erzählen? Ich hab die Hölle gesehen!
He-He-Hellrazor / Darth Vader
Meine Welt ist Hurensohn – deine Ersehnbar
Ich hatte keine Wahl, als Scheiße ihren Anfang nahm
Mit meiner Mutter kam ich flüchten in den 90zigern
Bewährung hier – Bewährung da!
Ich habe alles schon begonnen in meinem 12 Jahr
Was willst du machen wenn die Mutter deine Gun entdeckt?
Ich war nur 14, hatte meine schon im Schrank versteckt
Null Respekt, Produkt Umgebung
Chancen überleben, deutlich unter Zero
Kamikaze animalisch unter Jagdinstinkt
Du kannst überleben nur wenn du verrückter bist
Science Fiction – Bad Religion
Aus der Welt wo Sie dich ficken und dann aufschlitzen
Brainsick, ich hab den Teufel gepackt
Ihn die Hörner gebrochen in nur einer Nacht
Meine annormale Art, denn du bist nicht wie ich!
Und weder noch in deiner Welt kennst du vergleichendes
Ich habe Tunnel gebaut, mit meiner eigenen Haut
Und nur vertraut in meine Sinne plus der eigenen Faust
Sonne auf – Tageslicht! Nur solange wie das Spiel von vorn beginnt
Und ich breche dein Gerippe, bist du Hindernis
Denke nicht das du mich kennst, weil du mich lachen siehst!
Bitch!

[Verse 2: Twisted insane]
Coming up out the forest chewing on motherfuckers like chewbacca
Put em all up in the dirt when i put in the work a round'll pop ya
Better know i'm a monster always ready to pop a vodka
Make you bleed out somebody hurry up and call the doctor
Bang on you every single time hit you with the
Bullet that be coming' out the chamber of my .44
Walk up on me in the middle of the night and what you wanna pick a fight with homie that will be a fucking no no
BRAINSICK  every time you see me on a mission i be moving full of vengeance gotta attack em like a [?]
You don't wanna be in case that [?]
That's the type of shit that make a motherfucker like me sick
I'm [?] nobody in the sick coz i done seen
People come up in this game i thought it was a dream
I mean i'm telling you i really had to piss myself you never beat me in no kinda race by wearing skinny jeans
Get the fuck outta here with that, blood i need a beer with that how could anybody really sit and listen cheer for that
And bitch i'd rather sit and hit the weed
Than walk up on you nigga's when you least expect it, hit you with the mini-mac
YADA comin' up out the swamp i am a creature
Rippin' shit like every time i get up on a feature
Pistol whippin' bitches when i catch em in the street i'm quick to pull my fucking heat and hit you with the millimeter
Drunk when i walk up in the room and i don't give a
Fuck about what anybody think about me rilla'
Nigga's know i hit you with that .44, leave you on the floor im walking over rappers like i was godzilla
WHY run up on me even if you know i'm sick
I give a fuck about you talkin' bout you rich
YOU finna' find yourself up in a bowl of shit
Put em in ice and box em up and yes i do it quick, BITCH