[Verse 1: Twisted Insane]
You're looking hella good
And I love it when you're 'bout to get up out the bed and put the pussy on my wood
Love it when you drop it on my shit just like you should
Gobble it and swallow it - follow it by the goods
I always knew you're good
That's why a nigga's always looking at you with intent to get in - and it's quite nasty
If you want to get it why don't you just ask me
And you will come out saying it was fantastic
Round and round I go
One after one - I've got another in me fo' sho'
Hop up on my pole - I think you really wanna know
What it's really like when I get up in it for sure
And what it's really like when I dig up in it for gold
[?] - when I freak and make you moan
And I love it - when you go up in my shit
Proceed to reaching for my meat and get to rubbing on my bone

[Bridge 1: Twisted Insane]
I just love when your pussy get's wet
Make it drip [?] - [?] sex
Never know what's next - then we fuck and we fuck
Then we fuck and we fuck - 'til we break the bed (oh yea)
[Hit it up in the ..?]
Get up in the whip of a sick nigga [?] with the big dick (yess)
Knowing I'm 'bout to be up in the middle of a mix
Of a really cool dude with a toolkit (yess)

[Hook 1: Twisted Insane]
Shit - I ain't wanna trip
I admit I'm a pervert - tell me does it hurt, squirt
Eat it with some sherbert - fuck it 'til your nerves hurt
I'm a leave the whopper when I get up in the skirt, work
Pound that pussy - drain you with the dick
Let me see if it will fit - and I know you wanna taste
But - why you looking at me with that smile up on your face?

[Chorus x2: Ms. Karamel]
I... I wanna fuck
I... I wanna fuck you

[Verse 2: Twisted Insane]
And now my mind is elevated - how can I think straight
[I been really wanna fucking since I first seen you?]
And Imma show you how I do it on the first date
Pour the Henny in the cup and they get all eager
Sit up on my face and Imma take you to a place
That you never been to when them other niggas did it
I will have you screaming fu-fu-fu-fu-fuck me
I'm ab-b-b-bout to cum when a motherfucker hit it
Grab you by the hair and I lift you in the air
And I fuck you over here - and I fuck you over there
And I fuck you in the bed - and then I fuck you on the chair
And I fuck you 'til your pussy is squirting up in the air
You've got a nice pair
And I like sucking them and fucking them so why don't you get up into the zone
Take a little bit of this motherfucking Patron
Just one more sip and it's finna be on

[Bridge 2: Twisted Insane]
I wanna get that - wanna get that
Imma smack on that twat like I was a big cat
[?] with a really big tac
And you'll eat a motherfucka like I was a Kit Kat (oh yea)
Grabbing up on my dick and you can rub it
Get that motherfucker spitting like a genie in the lamp and shit (yess)
Tripping up off the size of my dick - once you get a tight grip
Get you pussy all damp and shit (yess)

[Hook 2: Twisted Insane]
Shit - I ain't wanna trip
I admit I'm the tip top - love it when it drip drop
Wait until my shit drop - if you gotta a sick crotch
Imma have to tell that motherfucking ho to kick rocks
Pound that pussy - drain you with the dick
Let me see if it will fit - and I know you wanna taste
But - why you looking at me with that smile up on your face?

[Chorus x2: Ms. Karamel]
I... I wanna fuck
I... I wanna fuck you

[Outro: Porn Segment]
Fuck that pussy!
Oh, Michael stop!
Oh that was a close gland, baby!
Ooh, ahh, fuck yeah!