[Instrumental]

[Verse 1: JC Blue]

[?]
JC Blue got suffocated
[Gunshot]

[Verse 2: Twisted Insane]

Yeah!
Murk anybody any time I’m walking to the room I hit a mothafucka like a was a phenom
I'ma sicking individual murder a criminal, doing subliminal slip on like a demon
I could’ve beat ‘em wanna murder in a night with, hit 'em with tha venom and I hit 'em with knife fit
Everybody be already knowing that I’m sick. Won’t you shut the fuck up and will see how good the knife hit
Cut 'em on a half by the bloody bath, put 'em in the bag and then I take a body, send em
Chopping up the body in a Maserati like I’m bendin’, a little grin demon like I’m a motherfucking gremlin
Psycho time’s ten. I can’t wait to get … again. I got myself … open and switch and get … again
Lunatic. I ain’t tripping. They call me everything, I'ma fucking purrp
Always getting drunk of Jack and coke, always getting high on fucking …
Acting like they wanna touching her. I get a milli and I really showing wicked shit
Blow your whole face to another block and get a split while I’m dipping with a wicked bitch
The mind of the murderer, half … will be determining on motherfuckers that really wanna hit
Hamburger on anybody like they really wasn’t shit
Whoever, whenever — they all’ve been up in a pitch. Sick
And homie it’s no thang. I murder anybody who’s fucking with Insane
If they really wanna get you then I … with you
When I motherfucking hit you with a bullet in your brain
[Gunshot]

[Verse 3: KD The Stranger]
Навыки феноменально наработаны, годами были заточены как лезвие
Будто бы невидимый: вроде бы, только был тут, нанося порезы, но уже исчез во тьме
Пальцев отпечатки, волос молекулы не были найдены, ведь до молекул было тело разобрано
Им пренебрегали, потому намеренно улики не оставил, растворился в лабиринтах города
Лоботомия не показала ровным счётом ничего, как вскрытие: слишком он предусмотрителен
Для него не было забавней события, чем догадки детективов постепенно свести на нет
Зрителей его творений в городе в ту пору накопилось более, чем достаточно
Сам считал свои поступки непостижимыми, разум обрабатывал жертву более, чем два часа, тщательно
Замкнулся в позабытом захолустье, что было разбавлено потёками крови, ароматами грусти, —
Там пусто, тускло, — что не раз приводило его в чувство, показывало сущность безумца
И пусть на него объявлена охота, но было выработано искусство, формула мести
Жертве не суждено завтра проснуться: он часто обрывал удары пульса и сердцебиение
На протяжении многих столетий ему подобные терроризировали, будоражили всех вокруг
Поступки людей, слова, жертвы фразы, принципы — для него не просто пустой звук
Потонул в собственных убеждениях, не понимая значения всего происходящего
Он уже у твоих дверей с улыбкой на лице, в руке мачете, в голове миллион идей навязчивых — прячьтесь!
[Gunshot]

[Verse 4: Crucified]
[?]
[?] I'm smokin my window, my window
And losin' my chance to signal, the signal
(Gunshot)


(this will be edited at a later date)