[Intro]
They say that music is a channel into every person's soul
It is a key to mine
I take the things that happen in my life and I channel them into my music
If I didn't have this music-
Who needs therapy when you have music?
This is my counseling session...

[Verse 1]
Woke up to a buzzin' on my phone
Maybe it was her or maybe it's someone who wanna come and smoke
Obvious I'm wishin', nigga missin' faded
Reminiscin'  now we always dissin'
I can only walk the border
When I think about the kids and I kiss 'em on the lips
Should I go and tell 'em 'bout the type of shit you did
Now I'm trippin'-- Maybe after time because I
Really feel like you got up and stabbed me in the ribs
I ain't kiddin' I can't even think of half of this shit
Always thinkin' bout my kids because somebody gotta do it
You would rather be up in your favorite club
Niggas on your titties, feelin' pretty with a bottle of the fluid
That's a shame, do you even know their birthdays?
Or how my son did the spellin' bee and took the first place?
Remember how you left 'em in the house all by they selves so you could go and get some dick
That type of shit is just the worst man
Damn, that's the reason that the weather's gettin' colder
They gon' remember when they get a little older
I keep up with ya steady givin' you the shoulder
You live up in the club, I thought a nigga told ya
I would hit you up in case you wanna hold to havin' sex
Then wonder why the fuck I move a different bitch up in the house
But shit I thought I had the one until you find out from example
Every bitch is bein' simple, takin' dick up in the mouth
Now I gotta fuckin' hit the road and
Knowin' that you turned into a ho and I
Every time I leave a door open
Bitches always fuck it up so all you can just go and die
Does it really motherfuckin' matter?
People always tell me, "Homie it is what it is."
But any which a way I go, I make sure all my (?) whatever they do [?]
They're the reason that I live, I do it for my kids

[Hook: Khadija Lopez]
Oh, and I don't even know how I got with you
I must've lived too much, I was on the road
You know how it goes
What else do you want me to say
You know your vision
Oh, I can admit my mistakes
Cause then I get inspired
I'm studio wide
I'm letting you go [?]
[?]
[?]

[Verse 2:]
Woke up to a buzzin on my phone
Hopin' it's my daughter cause we really haven't spoke up in a while
She think I do forget her but I never do
And even though we get together you was still my very first child
And you're probably feelin' like your daddy left you
I sacrifice it all so I can make it in the game
I got a little bigger and I made a little money but the feeling that you have for me will never be the same and I know it
Knowing that it's feeling like I blew it
Maybe that's the reason I be pickin' up the fluid
I don't even feel like I should live
I done have so many people in my face yellin "Twisted don't do it"
It's the real me
I give a damn if you don't feel me
It's not like you gon' come up in the booth and kill me
Never really got in with the pills and I know you told me that you never feel me but I bet you that you will be
Raised in the belly of the beast
Slept with the homeless in the street
Nobody really know what I been through
I was always pushin' with no shoes up on my feet
Did it by myself nobody helped me [?]
Homie you can do it too so why you mad?
I was always bad, muggin' people when I meet em
Never smile when I greet 'em cause I grew up with no dad
I ain't trippin tho
Puttin back the pieces of my life together wish I had a girl
But shit I always am alone you would think if
I be killin' with the record and the tours
That I got a line of whores steady blowin' up my phone
So I wish up in the music for the answer
I don't need the bottle anymore when I be stressin
I just need a soundproof booth so I can leave you to the truth
So hopefully I teach the lost youth a lesson
My Counseling Session

[Hook: Khadija Lopez]
Oh, and I don't even know how I got with you
I must've lived too much, I was on the road
You know how it goes
What else do you want me to say
You know your vision
Oh, I can admit my mistakes
Cause then I get inspired
I'm studio wide
I'm letting you go [?]
[?]
[?]

[Outro: Twisted Insane]
And that's real..
I didn't choose this path, you know..
This path chose me..
I'm just walking this motherfucker trying to figure out where it lead me to
I've been through it all to get here..
I've walked through fire..
And I'm still here..