(VERSE 1 Sin1)
Ever since I was a little one, I wanted to be famous
Never really thinkin’ bout how far I would be aiming
Never really seeing how the game is really changing
For lames what a lane switch, niggas straight brainless
Hey, I done came with, a little bit insane shit
Using my dang wit, maneuvering my language
Slaying these bangers, see you don’t wanna face me
You bitches know I came with the nigga from BRAINSICK
Yeah, he’s Twisted Insane
And anyone that know me, know I’m sick in the brain
Dreams of killin niggas and they can’t be contained
Cutting up these bitches. Erection obtained
Destroying everything in the direction that I aim
I don’t give a fuck about you, I don’t wanna know your name
All I really wanna know is if you’re feeling what I am saying
If not, let me know so I can drill up in your brain
Imma desperado, you niggas just desperate
Really want the money so your sucking dick for checks it’s
Fucking disgraceful so I’m going at your neck pissed
Leave a ring around it like a bloody ass necklace
Fucking with a Sinner, but I’m nothing to be messed with
Really better study if you niggas wanna test this
Choking the fuck out ya, and I’m gonna leave you breathless
Then I’m grilling up your entrails, and eating them for breakfast
Imma mother fuckin killa
Going more hard than an urban gorilla
Compared to me, you niggas more pussy than Pricilla
Beat you up worse than the pussy that I fill up
Murdering the beats cause I’m tryna make the skrilla
I ain’t tryna slang snow, but I know about Vanilla
Ice, Cold! Ice Cube, Ice Tea, nice villa
In my dreams, I’m finna, kill you niggas till I get em cause I’m…

(CHORUS)
Outta Control. Shoulda took a fucking thought about who you was really stepping to
I’m Outta Control. Never were we thinking of coming to fucking mess with you
He’s Outta Control. Now you’re in the middle of us lookin like some deader fools
We’re Outta Control. Now you gotta die bitch
Outta Control. Shoulda took a fucking thought about who you was really stepping to
I’m Outta Control. Never were we thinking of coming to fucking mess with you
He’s Outta Control. Now you’re in the middle of us lookin like some deader fools
We’re Outta Control. Now you gotta die bitch


(VERSE 2 Twisted Insane)
I’m outta control, never know when Imma flip, I forbid you niggas to step into my direction
The moment you realize you ain’t making it back inside of your vehicle, stuck at the intersection
That I don’t fuck around, you get infection of PSNM and methadol, before you get all up into your feels
Murder by the mass, and I’m okay with it, long as I don’t hit no animals, or kill no mother fucking children
Nobody can stop me
Outta control, throwing flows with my blows like I’m Rocky
I’m bout to say fuck it and pop heat
The police coming asking who the fuck done did it nigga? Not me
I need some help, I think I’m koo koo
Might take a bitch up in a room and fuck her pussy with a deuce deuce…
Admit I got a couple screws loose…
And you can find me in the dark all by myself and doing voodoo
Wait…take a minute…hold up
Long as I’m not silly, faded, laying in my throw up
I was drunk driving on the phone to California with the liquor in my soda, tryna get to Minnesota
What the fuck?
Somebody get the body out the basement,I don’t wanna be here when the police coming, I run, they get to chasing
Somebody get into his mind and try manipulation
But this mother fucker won’t give up his homies location
Wait, on the corner finna catch him slippin
Really don’t matter, Imma be here all God damned night
Posted with a black mac and a nap sack finna rat-tat
Shoot you in the face nigga, then take your life
I’m sicker than a virus, you run up then I’m dumping
I’ll hit you with four fours
You wanna fuck around? I am no beginner
You need to always remember that I am outta control

(CHORUS)
Outta Control. Shoulda took a fucking thought about who you was really stepping to
I’m Outta Control. Never were we thinking of coming to fucking mess with you
I’m Outta Control. Now you’re in the middle of us lookin like some deader fools
We’re Outta Control. Now you gotta die bitch
Outta Control. Shoulda took a fucking thought about who you was really stepping to
I’m Outta Control. Never were we thinking of coming to fucking mess with you
He’s Outta Control. Now you’re in the middle of us lookin like some deader fools
We’re Outta Control. Now you gotta die bitch


(VERSE 3 SIn1)
This is my plege, Imma kill it to the death of me
Running you niggas over cause I’m living life reck-a-less
Get up outta my way, or else you fucking with best of me
And as I stated once, you don’t really wanna mess with me
The best in this, you wanna bet it bitch?
Fuck around and Imma leave you beheaded trick
Playing catch with it, or playing fetch with it
He’ll be retrieving your head by the neck and shit
HAHA! You say that I can’t do it?
Fuck around, I’ll have you rolling and crying like Cam Newton like
“I guess you can do it, and just like a man proved it.”
Stop taking the bamboo stick all up in your ass stupid
I’m making the fans lose it from making this damn music
They listen and dance to it, show love to the fast new ish
Don’t bump and just crash to it, Turn up, and just smash to it
Get buck and just flash titties, Ass up Imma smash you trick
Then I’ll leave you niggas deaded
Resident Evil, popping you niggas right in the head and
My aim is better than ever. I’ll sever your cerebellum
From medulla oblongata, your heart is now disconnected
My brother is here to kill it with a Sinner so I’m repping
Twisted Insane on the record, ain’t believe it till I did it
I guess that I’m doing well if my skill is getting the best here
Well guess what? You fucking with the best, bitch
Why you really acting dumb though?
All I really did was give you what you really want though
Now you’re looking stupid as you’re running from the front door
From these two killers, we chopping you up for lunch though
Made you into bologna, now you represent your front, hoe
Fucking up all the pussies, and the women in their cunt holes
Only if it is clean, we never fucking with the skunk hoes
So dope, They Want Us, you know we Outta Control

Outta Control. Shoulda took a fucking thought about who you was really stepping to
I’m Outta Control. Never were we thinking of coming to fucking mess with you
I’m Outta Control. Now you’re in the middle of us lookin like some deader fools
We’re Outta Control. Now you gotta die bitch
Outta Control. Shoulda took a fucking thought about who you was really stepping to
I’m Outta Control. Never were we thinking of coming to fucking mess with you
He’s Outta Control. Now you’re in the middle of us lookin like some deader fools
We’re Outta Control. Now you gotta die bitch