[Intro]
[Bray Wyatt's speech]
You lied to me. You claimed that you were just a man, but at No Mercy
You were different, you were more
You also said that you, the man, created the demon
LIAR!
The demon fuels the man

[Tyson's Speech]
I only trained probably 2 weeks or 3 weeks for this fight. And I dedicated this fight, I wasn't going to fight, I dedicate this fight to him. I was gonna rip his heart out. I'm the best ever. I'm the most brutal and vicious, and most ruthless champion there's ever been. There's no one can stop me. Lennox is a conqueror? No, I'm Alexander, he's no Alexander. I'm the best ever. There's never been anybody as ruthless. I'm Sonny Liston, I'm Jack Dempsey. There's no one like me. I'm from their cloth. There's no one that can match me. My style is﻿ impetuous, my defense is impregnable, and I'm just ferocious. I want your heart. I want to eat his children

Round muthafuckin' eight
Grab your muthafuckin' shit homies and homettes
Make sure you got your blunts, your dabs, your drink
It's time
Brainsick!

Bray Wyatt:
Show me your true face
And I will do the same
Bring your demon
And I will strip back my flesh to reveal the true nature of my dark soul

[Verse]
Ain't nobody on my level (no)
Everybody and they motherfucking momma think of messin' with the devil
Shit it's kinda funny to me, bitch you need to go and get a life or settle
I was on the corner posing with the millimeter coming from the ghetto now it's time to put the pedals to the metal
Never take my foot up off the gas and settle
Run up with a motherfucking nine Beretta
Never will I meet competition
Every time a nigga say something I be waiting for 'em in the kitchen
20 minutes later momma's on the corner crying, 'cause they baby missing
Fuck, I'm so vicious
Elevate it to a different type of height twist a nigga like I'm 'bout to put 'em in a sharpshooter like a hit man
Chopping everybody, I don't give a shit, I'm leaving them sinking in quicksand
I did it ever since I walk around that motherfucka Charlie with a diss man
There was no one that could fuck with this man
I don't need no kind of wristband
They don't wanna get me pissed man
I will give a motherfucka facials
You was in the independence
Having second thoughts about you being faithful
I was sleeping in the ally off of southern Cali, but a nigga rappin'
Wanna pull his gun and nigga now it's racial
Damnit, the leap in Titanic
Don't nobody even live here fucking weird you've been branded?
Welcome to my world shit that's real spit
How the fuck you think a nigga feel every time they call me satanic
Shit, roll a 'rillo while I back in
40 figure with a MAC-10
Buckle up my nigga strap in
Time to murder get it brackin'
Bring the money out the back end
Fuck a doller nigga rack'ed in
I was rolling with you back then
Bring 'em all nigga that's whack then
They don't want it with a nigga that be hella wicked
I will punch your ticket I don't ever give it up
I will roll up on you when you in the club and get to packin'
Tell the people that I'm sicker than, ain't no medication keeping me sedated
You don't wanna flip on individuals especially when you don't know how to react when
Everybody think your brackin'
I be standing by the window with a liquor bottle looking like a motherfucka with a finger posted on my 44
Always in the middle of this shit, I mean, I grew up runnin' from the PoPo
I don't need a gang of niggas bailin', when I'm on a mission I be on it solo
What you don't know won't hurt you
I be in it fitted with the virtue, lil' nigga
Then you look around and got nobody else to turn to
Walkin' up with a gun, so don't come out past curfew
Ain't no discussion, wait in the bushes, hop out then murk you
Get your money on
Ok? Wanna go to war get your dummy on
Everybody sittin' 'round this motherfucker laughing
I ain't got no funny bone
Ready with the business, all the ammunition All fumes what you running on, then I put 'em in the flames
With pain and all fools who had done me wrong
On the Brainsick
Got the mindset of a looney, I'm a mind rat like I'm mooney
With a dime-net on a high jet with the toolie
On he dark side where the shit get real night time and it's gloomy
When everybody in the house dead, it's a right time for your roomie
Get the toolie
Load up with the 4/5th don't trip
Don't play I'mma tell you it's ok to go ape-shit
Live life to the fullest always and go nuts
Tear the whole shit up and stay reppin' that Brainsick nigga