[Verse 1: Twisted Insane]
I wake up to whatever sick thought pops in my head
Brainsick!
I don't give a shit about what the doctors have said
I may sleep til three in the afternoon
Then wake up still drunk
Talk shit to this lil' bitch, and then I ash out my blunt
Born brazy, My twisted thoughts are hangin' covered in blood
And some say I'm a lil' coocoo then its off with they nuts
Get the fuck outta my face I'm erasing my foes
I blow that bomb ass weed
And step to the door and go fold it, fold it, folded gold khakis
Everybody gon' riff there ain't no love
I still eat government cheese
You hugging that ho like she gon' squeeze I'm off that one bitch please
I don't give a fuck 'bout what she said blood its yo life so leave
I turn one negative to a positive for the MB clique
And nobody in front of me 'finna' be giving me no kinda slap
When it come to this shit
Nigga's is busting your mental not telling you whether your better that's whether you grip
Brainsick!
I'm [?] face and space I'm in between
I-I am Twisted Insane and this has been my sweet sixteen

[Chorus: Dikulz & *Omega Sin*]
*Sick Thoughts* [x2]
[?]
Go hide under your bed
*And when* [?]
[?]

[Verse 2: King ISO]
Hey yo I grew up looking at people who got bored of me
I started off not all there like God shorted me
Tweaking in dressing rooms fixing the billy-bob sort of freaks
Twenty seven having dementia before I'm forty three
When I was homeless I would dine and dash
Could not afford to eat
Loitering in front of my parents house  hoping that mom notice me
Knew that I would make it one day I would rhyme boastfully
And now I'm on tour and ho's treat me like I'm Jodeci
Damn!
This shit is brazy to me
Most of these nigga's ain't brain sick to me
I guess I've never come taking your freedom
And giving you a bunch of papers to read
Making you bleed every morning they taking your blood
But I'm in the room making some heat
Like if I don't make it bitch what'd Edison be
Like Colin Kaepernick taking a knee
I was so used to people that spying on me
Now they say oh my god and they praying to me
All I'm doing is writing and making this bitch then record it
And they gonna pay me to see
And this could be [?] bitches want papers from me
But that's brazy 'cause I got some babies to feed
So I just pick up the .380 and squeeze [?]

Verse 4
(Omega sin)
Who knew disposing a body would be this hard
Ill bury em with the rest of the cadavers in my backyard
It only takes one drop of blood to get my dick rock hard
I need to drink me a couple of quarts of the blood or ill break out in czars. Im like an open sore. Fall in deep depression cause the worlds recession. Im spreadin disease like an airborne infection
Youd think that I come from another dimension
All of my life i was gettin arrested and fuckin my teacher at school in detention. not gonna mention thrown in corrections from holdin a weapon like charleton heston. Shit about to get domestic bury you somewhere in Texas I'll beat you repeatedly and then I will secretly scratch your name off of my hitlist
Never will i leave a witness rather hit em with the biscuit
If anyone comes to my bar bq i want them to know that i turned you to brisket Im from the ghetto next door to the devil where we do not tolerate bitch shit. Dig a hole with the shovel then clean up the puddle then walk away like i ain't did shit
Sickness i can't stop killin and dealin I think im addicted murder
Wicked when it comes to my chillins the cap get to peelin
Im plannin to hurt em