[Intro]
I'm gonna give you three seconds; exactly three-fucking-seconds to wipe that stupid looking grin off your face or I will gouge out your eyeballs and skull-fuck you
If I ever see you here again, you die
And tomorrow we come back and we cut off your Johnson
Excuse me?
I said, we cut off your Johnson!

[Verse 1: Twisted Insane]
Knew it from the get that homie told me you was a fake
Imma go and get it, imma keep it independent while you sit and wait
I will get up every day and stand in front of liquor store the only way
Shit I always keep it on me, I will never let you muthafuckas seal my fate
Any minute I will get to swingin', ain't nobody bringin' heaters in my face
He never wakin' up from this im fuckin sick i bit em what you think it was a dream
Imma take his soul and put it in the bag and homie, ain't nobody on the case
Homicide are comin' in this muthafucka to investigate the murder scene
Fuck 'em all, I walk up in the house [I got the rula?] found somebody sleepin' on the couch, I woke 'em up and told 'em I' about to leave 'em hollow
Then I put the pistol in his mouth and got 'em off to catch another muthafucka swallow
Watch the body hit the floor and then I hit the window and i'm makin' sure nobody follow
Go ahead and come and get me, I ain't hard to find; showtime the Apollo
I be laughing at, lookin' at 'em in the face when they realize they fucked up
Don't begin to cry thinkin' maybe 'cause I will have no sorrow
Just the last demon in your face laughin' at your pain, nigga like what's up?

[Bridge: Twisted Insane & Z]
Lemme see him man
It's right back here
Watchu got this time?
This is my problem
Man, you ain't even killed the muthafucka yet
Man, fuck all that. I need to get this muthafucka in this little ass container homie
Shit you shoulda dumped him last night before the trash came
Man I can't do myself. Imma hold his head
Watchu want me to do?
You hold his feet and push him together and we gon' squeeze him in there
Yepp, come on now
Go!
*Guy moaning, bones cracking and skin tearing*
Strong ass mofo!
GAWT DAMN!

[Hook: Dayo G]
[Smart niggas think before they move]
[Be smart nigga]
[You ain't calculatin' any move you made?]
[Could be your last one?]
I got the juice (Got the big house, oh you brackin' huh?)
I got the juice
I got the juice (Got the big guns, oh you brackin' huh?)
I got the juice (I got the big couch, oh you brackin' huh?)
I got the juice
I got the juice (I found a big one, oh you brackin' huh?)
Smoke and mirrors

[Verse 2: Z]
Somebody get these muthafuckas out my face before I street fight
Make 'em wunna go rewrite when Fee Fi, what it be like
Posted by the streetlight make it three five when the e ride
Thinkin' bout the body go bleed, like I found pre fire when the meat slice
Pop it at the intalect like syntax the brain blow
Prolly on my infrared 'til these inbreds get mangled
Fuck it that's what the info said so that's what I'm diggin' graves fo'
Tell the engineer when the chamber ready and gas it let the brain go
Shit they couldn't pay me to speak in fact they talkin' press ons
If the truth was on my breath [huh?] betta teflon, the bets on
Right handed but left strong
Pipe, hand 'em a death song
Titanic the head strong, 'til they head gone like a hedgehog
If I said you, then I said y'all
Now fuckin' lead balls
Excuse me with a do milli all groupies, fuck y'all
Hunting soon my books full, probably why my snub raw
Just eating like a buffet get so much face my nuts draw
Fuck it there's nothing left, I take a step back and Petro
Stethoscope em through the soil like I'm Jetho
'Cause I'm hearin' what they breathin' 'til these demons wunna let go
So I've been searchin' for a reason to kill these heathens like I'm Deadpool
Hearin' what I'm speakin', yeah I'm hearin' what you said too
Fuck it, I hope you lead proof, get you popped from my bedroom
Smokin' on a blunt, gettin' domed up off red bulls
Risky with this vodka get the chopper, I'll behead you

[Bridge: Twisted Insane & Z]
Fuck you doin'?
Shit, all we gotta now is fill this shit up with concrete
Concrete?
Yeah. I seen that shit on tv bro, that shit'll sink right to the bottom of the lake
Well, whose whip you tryna take?
Shit it's whatever I got room in my whip
Alright, fuck it, let's take yours then
Come on, shit, that's on Brain
Come on. Nighty night muthafucka!
Dump it!

[Hook: Dayo G]
[Smart niggas think before they move]
[Be smart nigga]
[You ain't calculatin' any move you made?]
[Could be your last one?]
I got the juice (Got the big house, oh you brackin' huh?)
I got the juice
I got the juice (Got the big guns, oh you brackin' huh?)
I got the juice (I got the big couch, oh you brackin' huh?)
I got the juice
I got the juice (I found a big one, oh you brackin' huh?)
Smoke and mirrors

[Outro]
Yeah. That's all it is nowadays homie. Bullshit paraded to be reality. They steer you blindly down the so called path of righteousness. But in the end...huuaahahahaha! Smoke and mirrors

[Skit/Intro to Dump]
*Dump plays in the background*
Alright, so you sure he up here? I'm sayin' you sure he up here?
I'm sure. He up there right now
Alright, yeadat. Alright, blood so they said he up here right now homie. It's a muthafuckin fair and shit, blood, so you know there's gon' be all type of kids and shit up out there. So don't be actin' like no lil bitch and gettin' scared before we do this shit. Get out there bussin' and get the fuck back to the whip nigga
I'm with the shit
Hit that muthafucka one more time
*Takes hit of blunt*
Come on. Make sure you hit this nigga too. Look, there he go right here. Remember me nigga? Go!