[Intro: Twisted on Redro Video]
I shouldn't even be doing this
But I feel like I've got to because most muthafuckas start saying my name seem like, every goddamn thing they say is about me
So I'm gonna do like...
This nigga (Redro killson said backwards.)
It's not brainsick

[Verse 1]
Tongue and cheek nigga but really brass
I told the whole world the fucking facts!
This nigga bluffin' fuck making memes
I put those damn beams on your fuckin' back!
Face to face and I ain't playing games!
I'm a gangsta nigga, never pussy wit it
Tryin' to get your homies, all riled up
Want to frame the Pharaoh, thats some pussy shit! (x2)
Nigga don't know who, who he's fooling wit!
Acting big and bad, all type of gangsta
But you thinking that, you can do this shit

[Chorus]
I'm brainsick nigga, fuck this music shit, nigga knuckle up!
One on One, nigga face to face
Come and catch this fade, so I can fuck you up!
Stir the pot! (x6)

[Bridge: Twisted on Redro Video]
And I'm gonna go over the entire thing with y'all
Because half or most of you muthafucka's don't give a fuck or know who the fuck I'm talkin' about. But I feel like I do
Niggas sit around and don't do shit all day long
I tell niggas, "Okay... y'all can come into my shit and that's what we can do..."
"I'm gonna give you nigga $100 as show, plus you can bring your own merch..."
"Sell all your merch to the fans, and keep all I want there anyway."

[Chorus x2]
(Telephone Effect)One on One, nigga face to face
Come and catch this fade, so I can fuck you up!
(Normal) Stir the pot!

[Bridge: Twisted on Redro Video]
Keep on lyin, these niggas making no money! Not at all!
Not a dime!
I'm trying to give you the opportunity to come and perform in front of my fans, and I'm paying you to do it!

[Verse 2]
Tongue and cheek blood, one on one!
In the back door without the guns!
Face to face nigga fuck the music!
I'm from linkin park, bruh whats breakin huh?
Pop and bet my soul whip you up!
We gonna strain the shit, put it on the book!
Know yo bitch ass out, tell all your fans, what you talkin' bout, come and have a looky!
Nigga fuck your hooks! Nigga fuck your raps!
Just get up and strap! On gods nigga!
Tryin to stop the shell, that little black ass album, even in 27 minutes, niggas don't fuck wit you!

[Chorus]
I'm brainsick nigga, fuck this music shit, nigga knuckle up!
One on One, nigga face to face
Come and catch this fade, so I can fuck you up!
Stir the pot! (x6)

[Outro: Twisted on Redro Video]
Since when was catching a fade beefin?!
I run the fade nigga, I'll come into your house, run a fair fade, drop in the whip, and smash that nigga!
You see, I come from a generation, where we catch the fade!
Nigga I ain't playin!
You know whoever wins wins, whoever loses loses!
You get up, brush yourself off and keep it pushin for the next day!
Niggas who come on me, they don't wanna fight, or catch a fade!
They just wanna wave guns around and act gangsta
Nigga that ain't gangsta! It ain't gangsta!
If somebody come up to you and say lets catch a fade right now... RUN IT!

[Chorus x2]
(Telephone Effect)One on One, nigga face to face
Come and catch this fade, so I can fuck you up!
(Normal) Stir the pot!