[Intro]
Im sorry my boyfriend[?]
A women found executed
Why?
I can't deal with a bunch of questions, man
A neighborhood ruled by a code of silence
I’ll tell you again, I don't know
[?]
I can't stand this guy
You're telling me you don't think he killed her?
Get on the ground!
Detectives fear the killer may walk free
When do we as a society say enough's enough?
Put your hands up! Open the driver side door!
And the clock is ticking

[Brotha Lynch Hung]
Twisted Insane, it's Spiderman aka Brotha Lynch Hung
Hit me

[King-ISO]
It's Iso nigga, me n yo ass up all top of everything nigga, brackety brack nigga you still ain't gonna be brack’n and where the fuck you at, What's going on man, What's happen’n?

[Guy?]
For all you know they got us out here in the middle of nowhere man. Where you at, my nigga? We out here waiting

[Hook]
I ain't really got no real friends
I ain't got no money either, blood, the homies think I’ve been front’n
Where the fuck you be my [ends?] nigga
Wanna settle down and find a woman, but these bitches be stunt’n
I ain't got no money either, blood, the homies think I’ve been front’n'
Wanna settle down and find a woman, but these bitches be front’n

[Bridge]
In a locked room breaking down a bottle
(I'm blessed)
Mama came in said the police shot the little homie he's in bad shape (Oh hell naw, nigga what the fuck?)
Blood what the fuck are we gunna (Nigga strap up, give me the muthafuck' gauge nigga)
Do and I think that it's enough of the talkin' and it's time for some action

[Verse 1]
40 gauge [right up beside us?], police comin', guess they wanna catch a murder, betta put the burner up in the bushes, they 'bout to push it if I'm really deadly
Keep an eye out for the federale, I'm in killer cali, and they lookin' for me, [It was a decision to?], never trust a bitch, and I'm in a position when plus I'm ready
Now I'm peekin' out the window with a finger on the automatic, let 'em have it, if they wanna pull up, I'm ready with it, I'll be the one to put you on the fence
I can be the type nigga to shoot you when you wasn't lookin', plug I got a hook, fuck a shit, won't make it to the morning, don't wanna give you an assist
Fourty on, you better keep the pedal to the metal, before they come and snatch you
Living on the edge [a purse up in your hand when he really?] catch you
Nigga had you lookin' every single time rose past you
Betta keep a swivel on the door, won't be long, before they're coming at you
Masked up with the spray paint for the cameras, [????] when I hop up in the minivan
Homie tryna be a hero, stay safe, homie you will die, will a bullet in your muthafuckin' face tryna be superman
Nigga

[Hook]
I ain't really got no real friends
I ain't got no money either, blood, the homies think i’ve been front’n
Where the fuck you be my [ends?] nigga
Wanna settle down and find a woman, but these bitches be stunt’n
I ain't got no money either, blood, the homies think i’ve been front’n
Wanna settle down and find a woman, but these bitches be front’n

[Bridge]
There's some more breaking news this morning on an update of a deadly shooting in Lincoln Park where a man was shot and killed right there in the middle of the street. People who live in two San Diego neighbourhoods, just a mile and a half apart, may be shaken up this morning after a pair of late night shootings
Near a liquor store when two men walked up to him and started shooting
Live in Lincoln Park, Jared Aarons, 10 News

[Verse 2]
Prolly layin' in blood
Ain't nobody know when he died, all they found was a cell phone and a slug
Pretty sure that the last phone call came from a nigga plug
Now they lookin' for some good shit, hair folicals in the rug
Truck, parked outside keys from the ignition everything is missin' ain't nobody seen shit, but we all know how that go
One time finna catch a break couple of slugs through that back door
I be standin' with the millimeter catchin' muthafuckas wanna act wrong, get a backbone
See you should really sit and think about, before you say shit
Wanna come and crush another member, but remember who the fucker came with
Sayin' what you know will only get you muthafuckas paid with (that's real)
And ain't no way to get up out a sticky situation
Talkin' to these niggas about a body mutilation
Try to run away and live another day if you can
No one try to be no hero, stay safe, homie you will die, will a bullet in your muthafuckin' dome tryna be superman
Nigga

[Hook]
I ain't really got no real friends
I ain't got no money either, blood, the homies think i’ve been front’n
Where the fuck you be my [ends?] nigga
Wanna settle down and find a woman, but these bitches be stunt’n
I ain't got no money either, blood, the homies think i’ve been front’n
Wanna settle down and find a woman, but these bitches be front’n

[Outro]
For homicide detectives, their chances of solvin' a murder are cut in half if they don't get a lead in the first 48 hours