[Intro: Kutt Calhoun]

KD the Stranger
Midwest to the Ukraine baby
Yours truly Kutt Calhoun
Kansas City cheif
We about to get into your minds man
Library of Madness
Like this

[Hook: KD The Stranger]
(Я - НЕЧТО!) Что не подвластно затасканным разумам Пафосных пидорасов, А для серой массы я - (НЕЧТО!). Что корча гримасу сарказма сразу, Атакует грязно вас адскими фразами

[Verse 1: KD The Stranger] В сети попали вы, Но я владею сетями, как Прохоров. Я кладу биты на лопатки В деревянное ложе - похороны. Я - тот тип индивида, кого не хотели бы родители видеть около детей своих. Мерзкий тип, словно бес проник. Именно потому теперь готов на "нет" сводить я всех МС. В глазах больше невинности, чем у нескольких девственниц. И я лелею, тех кто подобно Галилею погибали за идею. Словами рисую картины, что висели у самого Люцифера в галерее. I'm sick in the brain. Twisted Insane and KD the Stranger we're killin' the game! Не из вашего стада с колен поднялся в итоге. Ты - словно карлик-оратор, чтобы ты ни говорил -мне похуй. Эти куплеты - мясо, не рекомендованы вегетарианцам. Ты, видимо, ошибся номером и ты не знаешь с кем связался. Спина отполирована взглядами недоброжелателей, Но они, как оставшиеся дни, Одно удовольствие проживать их мне

[Verse 2: C-Mob]

[?] i can not take any more of this, lyrically [?]
Be sure to miss, me with the bullshit
People are pointin' and lookin', and sayin' "he is the culprit"
[?]

[Hook: KD the Stranger]
(Я - НЕЧТО!) Что не подвластно затасканным разумам Пафосных пидорасов, А для серой массы я - (НЕЧТО!). Что корча гримасу сарказма сразу, Атакует грязно вас адскими фразами

[Verse 3: Twisted Insane]

I murder in the middle of the night with ease
Hit em in the back of the chevy and then i proceed to my next mission
Everyone lookin' at me like i'm richard
Im lookin at them so stop your bitchin ,calling me weird yes i'm a weirdo
And you can find me in the dark chewin' earlobes,twisted up on that alcohol, feelin' so faded that I can't even walk but here goes nothing
Slice in the middle of the night when you get a razor blade
I told everyone "well if I don't get you back, well shit today's the day"
Me, KD with the AK on the front seat
Two straps in the back pack for a lunch meat
One axe in the back seat with a blackie
Go ahead and leave if u feelin jumpy
Everyone know what im gonna do when i get you in a predicament
Put em into a box and bury 'em half alive and cut off his leg-a-mints
And i cannot help that you are so normal and that i am so different
I could be cool and say that shit was in school fuck it I'm ignorant
[???] then i get to hackin' his feet
What you think u gonna rest for a week
Motherfucker u ain't never gonna sleep
[??] not before u was feelin the heat
I can take you in rest and the catch you up and make you in pieces and then ima fuckin eat

[Hook: KD The Stranger]
(Я - НЕЧТО!) Что не подвластно затасканным разумам Пафосных пидорасов, А для серой массы я - (НЕЧТО!). Что корча гримасу сарказма сразу, Атакует грязно вас адскими фразами

[Verse 4: Wake N Bake]

Suddenly I have a fine, fuck the police, no peace of mind
Kill everything there, hate my mind, menacing monster make it shine
Fuck in the right time, don't see me?, you must be blind
Straight to the front, no waitin' line, pay my dues and slayin' rights
You don't wanna get it, it's dark like a sub terrainian
A fuckin' super villain that's spittin' Lithuanian
Got a call from this Ukrainian, KD just hooked me up said "I got an open verse, If you want up on this song"
I thought about it for a second, decided i had to wreck it, decided a fuckin' riot, defient on every sentence, a client with every session
I'm teachin' you not to stress it, just admit your BrainSick, and that your vicious, and did i mention?, steppin' into the game cause I'll do what ever it takes, I've been wreckin' 'em in the name of a thousand lakes, now I'm spittin' with some veterans, evidently amazed, and I told you it would happen quick, lookin' at me strange

[Hook: KD the Stranger]
(Я - НЕЧТО!) Что не подвластно затасканным разумам Пафосных пидорасов, А для серой массы я - (НЕЧТО!). Что корча гримасу сарказма сразу, Атакует грязно вас адскими фразами

[Outro]

I want you to know...
When it comes to believing in god...
I really tried, i really really tried...
I tried to believe that there is a god...
Who created each of us in his own enlightenment image...
Loves us very much, and keeps a close eye on things...
I really tried to believe it...
But I gotta tell ya, the longer you live, the more you look around, the more you begin to realize...
Something is fucked.. up...