[Intro (Reversed)]
Imma eat your motherfucking family, nigga
Last time everyone was at the motherfucking house nigga
I cut them up and motherfuckers were dieing and shit

[Verse 1]
It was the way that I spit from the hip
That be havin' 'em trippin' when I be so lifted
Nobody get with it cause I be the sickest
Put one in your fitted, so here is your ticket
So are you ready for you to meet doom?
Pick up another one put on the shuttle
Ridin' so heavy but it could be
Deadly turn brain to confetti and ready to bubble
Open the 40 and proceed to guzzle
Turnin' em on to the fraggle rock
Put 'em in kitchen to wash all my dishes
I got so many bitches all up on my jock
Put 'em up on the D hit the tip of the cock
Then get 'em posted right up on the block
Not long it will take you nobody will hate you
Somebody will date you and make you a knot
And before you know it the bitch
Will be hoin' and goin' right back
And forth up on the spot
Coulda been a million
Muthafuckas that done ran up in
That bitch so contaminated with their  cock
Got too many phony ones ready to pop
And you don't really wanna know about how disgusting
Even if a nigga was rich but I'm not
I wouldn't give a fuck, I'm a keep busting
Niggas be drinkin' on the Robitussin
I just be sippin' up of with the English
Swept with a broom and you will meet doom
If you come in my room while I'm jackin' my penis
Put you on the raggedy planet named Venus
Fuckin' the alien bitch from the movie
Hit 'em with the venom and the venom when I get up in it
Do you really wanna run up on the

[Hook x4]
The Evergassin' Gobstopper

Hit em' with a muthefuckin' bullet
When a nigga really wanna
Put a nigga through it

Hit em' with a muthefuckin' bullet
When a nigga really wanna
Put a nigga through it

[Verse 2]
And if you really wanna rumble
With a nigga acting like someone from up in the jungle
Fly like an eagle [?]
Smashing the niggas like i was in crumble
Put their body parts up in my gumbo
Put 'em [?] in the motherfucking sentence
[?] run up when put my gun up and I kiss em good riddance
Like this one nigga, I know for instance
Won't say his name but I'll call him Urckle
Could of been dead
Left him for dead with a hook in his head looking like he could snorkel
Want to be good but I am the sickest
Nigga I spit that shit ever so vicious
Murderlistic, put one up in you
My tongue is to give you a form of [?living?]
And really don’t want to be off in that water that post with the artists who sleep with the fishes
I am the sailor
(?) get at your bitches
Nigga you better beware of the dog
Creep through the fog
[With the hog on my head?]
I am the shit
And you can ask everyone nigga and even including your bitch
Putting the tip of the tongue on my dick
They get to slurping like it was a smoothie
Better back off of my shit get to bopping my dick hit it up like it was an uzi
Fuckin' with a bitch back up in the Jacuzzi
[?Grab my dick and spread it on floozie?]
Hit em with the venom and the venom when I get up in it
Nigga really wanna run up on em

[Hook x4]
The Evergassin' Gobstopper

Hit em' with a muthefuckin' bullet
When a nigga really wanna
Put a nigga through it

Hit em' with a muthefuckin' bullet
When a nigga really wanna
Put a nigga through it

[Verse 3]
I'm like the phantom of the opera
Havin' 'em all call the doctor
Chewing them niggers while speaking proper
Hit em the stomach harder (GOBSTOPPER)
Get the fuck up out of my ego
Before I hit you and turn your brain to (?prago?)
My mother told me to always say no or  have them do it all for daygo
These niggers really miss the sun
Still got the guns
Still got the one
Still got these motherfuckers going physco like michael they bitching cause runts
Hit em when i put it right between their buns
But they can't have the weed up on my tongue
[?]
And i be that nigga that sit in the middle [?]
[?]
Nobody's leaveing, they might be bleeding
You give me a reason to bust with the gun
Enough of this shit to get hit with the blunt
[?]
Cause I'm taking enemies banging em taking em baking em making em vomit
[?]
My stomach can gobble them niggas [?]
Smothering everyone wondering who?
I fucking the wife and killing the groom
Everyone in the room hearing the boom
Hit em with the venom and the venom when I get up in it
Nigga really wanna run up on em

[Hook x4]
The Evergassin' Gobstopper

Hit em' with a muthefuckin' bullet
When a nigga really wanna
Put a nigga through it

Hit em' with a muthefuckin' bullet
When a nigga really wanna
Put a nigga through it