[Intro: Twisted Insane]
Yeah, I wanna thank my fans though
They been with me through it all
They been with me through my whole life
And they continue to be with me
I give it all to 'em
They see me... the good, the bad and the ugly

[Verse 1: Twisted Insane]
I shoulda knew you wasn't shit
Tryna put me in the ditch
Tellin' everyone I'm rich
You's a stupid fucking bitch
All you want a nigga crib
Now you run and tell everyone you have my kid
Now they tell me that it's process servers lookin' for me at my show
What type of shit was that? I was with somebody I don't know
I go back in my mind like couple years ago
I rip into the past and I travel through the hole
Now they want me up in court, but I'm in another state
I gotta hit the road, that's a date I cannot make
I wanna get attention, but they're tellin' me that I'm late
And now they got my name up on the birth certificate, wait
They wanna seal my fate, can they really do that?
I ain't take no test, tell me how the fuck they prove that?
Yeah I mightve fuck her but I really never knew that
Stupid little bitch if I see her, Imma do that
They tell me that they'd put a warrant out if I don't make it (what?!)
You gotta be fuckin' kiddin' me
Might as well just lock me up and tell my fans you got rid of me
Bitch you're tryna live a life of someone that you pretend to be
I remember hearin' stories, you was tellin' people
You was really with me livin' all together
But it was a lie
You was livin' out the trunk, I done barely know you
Why don't you just go and get a life, before you fuck around with mine
Always on your mind, talkin' 'bout some bullshit
In a minute Imma get up and do some cruel shit
Maybe I should cool it, fuck that
This a nigga life and I tryna go to jail when I ain't do shit
Damn, catch you goin' full in, stuck like chuck
Sit up in a dark room with the OE by myself
And get bucked by up
Brain!

[Hook: C. Ray]
The good guy, the bad guy, the ugly
The good guy, the bad guy, the ugly
The good guy, the bad guy, the ugly
The good guy, the bad guy, the ugly

[Chorus: C. Ray]
They say it's good to be bad, and God don't like ugly
So he couldn't be mad, and people still don't trust me
And they shouldn't, we blast on anybody coming
Or pursuing me is nothing, see I'm good at being ugly when I'm bad!

[Verse 2: Charles Xavier]
Look up here I am
I got a problem but you niggas on the bottom
I don't get 'em and I wanna bring them all
To have a pardon in a heart and then I'll drop 'em

Look down and here I am
And I'm a homie from the underground
We killin' rappers spit up on em
I put them in the bag they comin' with the wrecked little costume

Die slow with the enemy, no ho is a friend of me
No close when the homie say so, what you feelin' lay low with the centipede?

Good, bad and the ugly
I made all of three look past and above me
I make em all bleed hood track and the club scene

And everytime I come this way
I get opponents thinkin' they can fuck with me
But I'm numb to the world when it come to play
Then I have a Ducati while I'm drunk and blazed
And I pullin' up at the party giving a fuck who say
What? Hit em up in brainiac and say that they got to play rough
Commin' up with the game attack hey to black haters

[Bridge: C. Ray]
And there's no dice, you wanna roll
You're life is in a choke
Don't try you goin' broke
Cause I'm with my foot to your throat
Your mind? You'll get it blown
Don't cry, you shouldn't know

[Hook: C. Ray]
The good guy, the bad guy, the ugly
The good guy, the bad guy, the ugly
The good guy, the bad guy, the ugly
The good guy, the bad guy, the ugly

[Chorus: C. Ray]
They say it's good to be bad, and God don't like ugly
So he couldn't be mad, and people still don't trust me
And they shouldn't, we blast on anybody coming
Or pursuing me is nothing, see I'm good at being ugly when I'm bad!