[Intro: Twisted Insane]
Brain!
Yeah!
Oh they know what they got
This ain't no muthafuckin' dance shit
It's that Twisted Insane shit, that Brainsick shit
Why don't you go ahead and buckle up and ride for the cult
Come on!

[Bridge: Dikulz]
I'm tryna be the hardest mutafucka that you ever head
I'm tryna be the hardest mutafucka that you ever head
I'm tryna be the hardest mutafucka that you ever head
I'm tryna be the hardest muthafucka that you ever...

[Verse 1: Twisted Insane]
Hol' up
I'm about to take a hit and [make it venom?] since I was thinkin' a little bit of motivation
Peter Piper picked a pick of pepper and got affected by the sick and right away the way you lookin' I could tell you in a different kinda situation
Mindin' my business I keep my hammer to myself I'm an introvert I don't want people around me believe me I do it nigga for your safety
[But I'm independent or I'm codependent all my whole life?] I put it on mamas you come with the drama I will a gun up on yah there ain't no maybes
I could tell you wunna come and take a puff and that's when I gotta put the foot up
In a day she wanted braining cause I never would've thought the way the nigga stood up
Not the type to sit and listen to you talk about you really shoulda, woulda, coulda
But he was actin' like he hella hard you shoulda saw the way he took the hood up
Pull up on you, you don't wanna take em on I don't fight fair
Look into my eyes a fire breathing dragon last demon green nightmare
Every time you fall into a deeper realm see bitch I'm right there
With a pistol and that bigger heat that'll blow your feet out them Nike Airs (on a set nigga)
I could be a bigger man and walk away and live to see another day and turn around and say I'm so done with this shit
I admit that I be lyin' every time I see a nigga finger fryin' what be goin all up in my fuckin' mind, havin' fun with this shit
Started to make a little noise notice that I had the voice and the choice
Lookin' at this music shit I really do, but fuck it I'mma run with this shit
I be at em in the night
Finna pistol whip a nigga with no light
I don't give a fuck about what's right
Pass the gun for this bitch
Insane

[Hook: King Iso & Dikulz]
I don't really give a fuck about bullshit my nigga I hope that you heard every word
Make a nigga wunna [?go down that first do some shit?] while I'm burstin' this bitch, all absurd
Came a long way from havin' nothin' my nigga you fuck with the killa get hurt
Ain't nobody fuckin' with the Brain, get the bitch like a picture frame, I'mma kill you niggas with every verse
So I tell em why!
I'm tryna be the hardest mutafucka that you ever heard
So I tell em why!
I'm tryna be the hardest mutafucka that you ever heard
So I tell em why!
I'm tryna be the hardest mutafucka that you ever heard
So I tell em why!
I'm tryna be the hardest muthafucka that you ever...

[Verse 2: Dikulz]
Yeah, I jumped off of the edge
I quit but the homies picked me up and put me back on the ledge
I'm wedged between a rock and a hard place inside my head
I'm arguing with all these voices, but I'm a part of what they said
Fuck cordial, stay carnal
Terminate em like I'm Arnold
But I'm at the car pool with an AR
Fill em with metal until it's a car full
Rip em apart with a sharp tool and yes I got an arsenal
Till I can kick it with myself, [a tooth or arm?] because it's harmful
Bitch you betta just back up
I've had enough i'm bouta bag em up and then leave em inside of the bathtub
I'll apply the pressure so stop before you get snatched up
Call me the collector, no guap I'm finna mask up
You dick riders will get wired
Burn ya bitch and i'll sit tired
Fuck a pen i'm finna shake tires
When you jump, you better get higher
I think you knew me you didn't now who the fuck are you kiddin' they gave me cold for a minute, I'm finna spit fire
I'm just tryna be the hardest muthafucka that you ever heard
I can't stop spittin' these bars till the whole world heard every word
I'm a scholar, I've served, I worked hard for these years to help all of y'all learn
There's no cause or concern I could care less right now I watch all of you burn

[Hook: King Iso & Dikulz]
I don't really give a fuck about bullshit my nigga I hope that you heard every word
Make a nigga wunna [?go down that first dissin' shit?] while I'm burstin' this bitch, all absurd
Came along way from havin' nothin' my nigga you fuck with the killa get hurt
Ain't nobody fuckin' with the Brain, get the bitch like a picture frame, I'mma kill you niggas with every verse
So I tell em why!
I'm tryna be the hardest mutafucka that you ever heard
So I tell em why!
I'm tryna be the hardest mutafucka that you ever heard
So I tell em why!
I'm tryna be the hardest mutafucka that you ever heard
So I tell em why!
I'm tryna be the hardest muthafucka that you ever...

[Outro skit]
-Shit, I' finna go through and get murdered up later, yea dat, alright yea dat. Aye, what's up blood where you niggas goin'?
-Blood I seen them niggas who been dissin' around the corner, nigga. Bout to slide on them bitch ass niggas blood
-What?! Nigga, not without me blood. Hold on
-Hurry up nigga
-Keetee, get me my muthafuckin' K out the closet
-JB pass the weed blood
-You heard me
-This nigga
-Hold up, I'm goin' witchu lil niggas
-Yea dat