[Intro (Reverse)]
Kill 'em wit' the venom
Eat these mothafuckas, get their brain split
You fuckin' wit' the wrong one, nigga
Kill 'em wit' the venom

[Verse 1]
And you was never to be knowing what I'm doing when I happen to be on one
Lurking 'round the corner popping off a 40, get the OE
Elevated, body faded, get your woman integrated, never made it, invaded her, ho you don't know me
Pop a clip up the heater, rip the ho' phony
Hit 'em with the meter, cut off with the feet
Leave the pussy leaking, secretions because I beat it and beat it
Then creep wit' heaters when seekin' the homies
Popping the pussy, dumping the booty, having the motherfucker bleed
Huffin' and poppin' shovel when I'm puffing on the weed
Dumping the dick up in the bitch and do the bitch again and since somebody gotta benefit, it better be me (It better be me)
Cause I'm way too psychosomatic and at it looking at the picture kicking the static
The nigga that have it I pull the body and they can bag it
If anyone have it I pull them back and again I dab it
I'm lethal!
Getting so perverted when I take out my dick and lit up the Dynamite Stick (Ching)
Shove it in your cushion, leaving 'em gushin', you die for the pushing then you can fuck with a nigga that's sick
Kaboom (kaboom)
Splattering the bitch's face all over the room
Having a motherfucker with the info in the room
Digging up into doom, pitching up in the room
Having to meet your doom, fucking with the who?
Creeping 'round the corner, popping off in California
When I'm creeping you be going up for a baffler
Dumping at so many motherfuckers they be running and run in the gutter
Pull them bitches all up your asshole, now bitch you get the lasso
Because I be dropping up in 'em, hit 'em with the venom and get em, bend 'em into another doom
Feeling fo' reala, killa, peel a Godzilla, filla when I'm pulling bitches all up by the womb
I'm Twisted Insane!

[Interlude]
You know what I'm sayin, I'm Twisted Insane, homie
This ain't no montherfuckin dance shit, nigga
This killa shit nigga, this murda shit, nigga
This the motherfucking music you shoot for the face to, nigga
Shoot for the face to this shit, nigga

[Verse 2]
You gotta be a baffler
?falafel? could've put the wrath in ya
Better get to runnin', comin' after ya
Sickopatomous feelin' phenomenal
[?] telepathy to get the best of me
There ain't no restin' me until the death of me
Whenever and ever I fill up in 'em, get up in 'em
Body better beheaded, imbedded and ready to kill 'em
Fill 'em up with hollows, at the back of the model
I bet you never thought you'd see me cut up in your
Face and rip you like denim, I'm sick!
Nigga, that's so beneficial, like I'm lookin' right behind
The bushes to eat up your cat
Do 'em in a second, ?never be too brave? you say I'm not affected
Mothafucka, can you state that's a fact?
The 151 got me dumpin' with a tommy gun now follow
And nobody ?have fun?, watchin' everybody run
Killa fo' realla, feel a killa, Godzilla, villain, when I'm
Pullin' bitches all up out the tongue
I'm Twisted Insane!

[Bridge (Reverse)]
Get everyone up off the motherfuckin' couch right now, nigga
I'll shoot yo motherfuckin' mommy in the face
And kill your whole motherfuckin' family, nigga
Kill 'em all now
Kill everybody in the house right now

[Verse 3]
?Fill a cup of this? and leavin', if I gotta marinate up
?heavy? in the the middle of the Sun
Scrape it up and then straight out and if you wanna murder anyone, go ahead and put it in somebody's blunt
Fill a cup of venom when I get up in 'em, laughin' when I'm
Bendin' a motherfucker, ?breakin' forward? the bones
?Verbally? and I feel hella faded, heavily intoxicated
Drinkin' from the bloody women and I'm gone
So many niggas and so many triggers and how the fuck you
Think you finna be beneficial with no action?
Hit 'em with the hammer to the cranium, drainin' 'em
50 niggas in the room bumpin' Ms Jackson
(-What was she askin'?)
I don't give a fuck, I'm not one that's finna be able to negotiate
Hyperventillating, got the body shakin', somebody awaken
A nigga full of Ol' English drink!
Puffin' on the weed and poppin' back a couple shots and when they ?stuff and kill?, I hop up with a bitch up in the tomb
Finna put her, I can leave a motherfucker heart up in the dark
Finna fill up and meet the Temple Of Doom! (-Fill 'em!)
And I'll be the only answer, you're runnin' fast
They run off and gashin', leave you and dashin'
Runnin' from a motherfucker with a machete
But evidently it's still up past, and ya better [?]
Was in cash, and before a nigga full of sicka-sicka
Run up in a bitch and fuck 'em with a bang!
Everybody runnin', police comin' when I was dumpin'
You better put a barricade from here to your brain!
Because I be droppin' up in 'em, hit 'em with the venom
And get 'em, bit 'em, into another doom
Thriller for realla', killa, peeler, Godzilla, villain
When I'm pullin' bitches all up by the womb
I'm Twisted Insane!