[Intro]
You know many times I've had visions of my own death. I mean I can actually see in visions of what it could be like, you know? It makes you wonder, have you done everything you really want to do in life?

[Verse 1]
Many visions of my death, I have visions for dementia
No repentin' for the murder I committed with the
Burner all up in your face, might I catch another case
If I kill him when I hit him with the pistol whipper
Niggas step into the realm
You would think I was from Elm
Just because the way I hit you with the Fred Kru'
Then molest you, I will rip the niggas stomach if they want it
I will run up with the gun up like I'm Lex Luger
Hoppin' and runnin' on the track like I'm Mike Tyson
Chewin' a motherfucka's lungs like an old lycan
Poppin' the funs, spark the gun
Hoppin' and jumpin' up over the ones
Who wanna become affiliated with the good life
What's the next step when you vision your death?
Do you run from accepting your sentence?
If they sent a fella that wreckeded my helmet
Blood I will come back with the vengeance
I can feel him getting closer
I can feel him on my shoulder
Coming over as I walk into the dark room
Voodoo rituals, doing habituals
Drinking 150 150, fill him with hollow tips and harpoons
Nevertheless I was impressed by the way that nigga stood up in my space with the face of a demon (demon)
All I heard was a pop, never knew that I was shot
Did my body even drop? Am I bleeding? (bleeding?)
Little nigga always woofin' like he wanna be
Talkin' this and that about what he is gonna be
Do it to me when he beat me like a nigga was a G
But I already know that he is just a wannabe
From the front about to watch it what I'm gonna be
Niggas be trippin' when I feel a difference with this time
I tried to move
But my body feels like it's been hit up with strychnine

[Hook]
I might get caught up and riddled
I might get caught up and riddled
I might get- I might get- I might- I might get caught up and riddled
I'm thinkin' to myself I could go at any moment
I'm thinkin' to myself I could go at any moment
I'm thinkin' to myself I could go at any moment
I'm thinkin' to myself they might hit me with they
Darkness in my visions, if my fee today
It's right around the corner
They might hit me with they
Bullets fly, kill, knife insicions
Maybe I will die like in my vision

[Verse 2]
To a stinkin' nigga
Moving with the ticker
From the wicked I proceed to eat them bitches like an animal
I can hear a nigga creepin
So I'm thinkin' grab the heat
And hacking off his feet
And eat him like an antelope
Or maybe he will come up in the door and do a nigga
You never know how many people wanna shoot a nigga
Maybe I'mma kill him, but the next week
His homies come deep and put chka chka through a nigga
In the bath
With a bloody mask
In the casket forget what happened tonight
Hmmm, put his ass in a hefty bag
Poured the gas, and I got a match and a light
Hmmm, nigga thought I was just rapping
Till I got up and attacked him
With a machete and hatchet then I
Stretch him like elastic
Fuck an open casket
Put him in a basket
When I'm laughing with a twinkling eye
Chopped him into pieces
And covered him in feces
But Jesus I'm sicker than diseases
I can it feel like I got telekinesis
I got from my aunties, and uncles, and nieces
Give my greetings to Jesus
You finna meet him, that's when I reached for the Fo' Five
I tried to move, but my body feels like it's been hit up with strychnine

[Outro Backwards]
You never gonna know when a motherfucker gonna come up and put a fork in ya nigga
You never know when it's your time to die
You never know when the Grim Reaper is around a corner
Ready to give you the slip nigga
Cause I'm telling you many muthafuckin' niggas
That nigga might come up and you know...

[Hook]
I might get caught up and riddled
I might get caught up and riddled
I might get- I might get- I might- I might get caught up and riddled
I'm thinkin' to myself I could go at any moment
I'm thinkin' to myself I could go at any moment
I'm thinkin' to myself I could go at any moment
I'm thinkin' to myself they might hit me with they

[Outro]
Y'all think I’m finna die in this motherfucker homie? Ya what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? I mean I’m living, but I feel death breathing down my back. I mean the other day I woke up from this dream, better yet a nightmare... and it seemed so real. I mean it just felt so… you know? Motherfucker opened my mouth up. Put the gun in my shit. I can still remember the sound when the brains hit the wall. Is it coming for me? You know? I mean it's gotta come some time. Sooner or later we all die. HAHAHAHA. I'm ready