[Verse 1:Bleezo]
Yeah, come take a voice from the dead
2 venomous livers, to spittin' poisonous lead
Sick of demented to with the voice in my head
Ship it somethin', represent your boys gettin' bread
To push a nigga cause i’m close to the Ed
Take another semi, equip it to get ghosts and the feds
Creepin' and dippin' with 24’s in the shed
Sippin' no Hennessy, got goin' off the man
Twisted and sticky spinners, my niggas is with the business, now give me a pretty bitch in a stroke givin' head
All my bitches are thicker than Rose or the rest. Yeah
For reason of insanity. I creep with the matter-blaster, for 3 and you anotomy, indeed i’m a savage packin', don’t be another tragedy, for we just be gassin' as it, eatin' niggas drastically
I got that cannibalistic flow, so I got the kiss and go
Pivot ahead and bringin' a doe
Through the traffic, get ‘em all scratched
My niggas have his kid so, instead of niggas get blasted with the blaster they stole. Yo mama!
Catch me in the track catchin’ Yola
See my social stain, group with the game, spittin' the flame, grippin' the game, with Twisted Insane
Killin' off motherfuckers, them sick in the brain

[Hook: Bleezo & Poverty's PosterBoy]
[Poverty's PosterBoy] The voice in my head let’s me know i’m a psycho
[Bleezo] You thinkin' i’m a little bit sick in the brain, what'chu will say to retain me from causin' me pain
[Poverty's PosterBoy] The voice in my head let’s me know i’m a psycho
[Bleezo] Never ever know if i’m about to break out, they screamin' and shout, and then is when you’ll see me without the…
[Poverty's PosterBoy] The voice in my head let’s me know i’m a psycho
[Bleezo] Thinkin' i’m a little bit sick in the brain, what'chu will say to retain me from causin' me pain
[Poverty's PosterBoy] The voice in my head let’s me know i’m a psycho
[Bleezo] Never ever know if i’m about to break out, they screamin' and shout, and then is when you’ll see me without

[Verse 2: Twisted Insane]
And I be hearing voices at me every night and telling me to come in your house and kill em all it could've been easy. Everybody put em to sleep I tippy toe and creep, pullin' back the sheets, hit em and everybody’s bleeding
Voices talking me to, tellin' me skin ‘em, where to begin, I would go in and I will pin their faces on the wall, bloody murder, cook a nigga like burger they walking but they ain’t taking I'ma have to make your body fall
I would've stop 'em but the voices keep telling me to keep goin’ and kill ‘em, I would’ve run at 'em as he’s goin’ to go hit em up with that voodoo
Whatever I can’t believe I’m in the dirt, fucked up, and voices want me to murder and to spit this shit on YouTube
Feed ‘em whenever they want to get fed. Any water gun stuff that will get lead. Drain! Now they all lay in pools of red. They got blood from the voices that are stuck in my head

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Kung Fu Vampire]
Everything that this little jimety cricket motherfucker’s tellin' me, commitin' a felony, hopin' I could bring ‘em away from the jealousy that they be spillin’ up on the streets, i’m choppin' it up for lunch, get me boppin' it up with that punk beat. Killin' his fuckin' family, get Bill in the ceilin', if you think you can chill on me when i’m crawlin' up on the ceilin', you takin' some penicillin but there’s nobody here healin', I bet that you fear blood in the sight of a needle
THIS IS AN EXCORCISM
Man i’m a losin' the evil, that’s the rule of the people, that’s why i’m breakin' ‘em all off a chunk of undead, amongst the purple and red, the voices tellin’ me to take of their head. Bringin' ‘em down, down, to defeat. It’s okay cause they be the same people that need their face rearranged, see the fangs when I fuck up and Twisted Insane, there’s no way i’m ever going to maintain

[Hook]

[Verse 4: Bishop]
The voice is talkin' to me, the voice is talkin' to me, they don’t believe it when I tell ‘em demons walkin’ with me. I can see it, the fire breathin', mama preachin', but it don’t help i’m off the deep end. Now i’m off in a land, prob'ly never comin' back, take a walk to the lost; nigga tell me whatchu find. Every shutter van, conversating with my man, left the dark, in your heart, and everything will be fine. Mind of a psycho, gotta find a kill
Ima feel it when I catch you slippin', hit ‘em with the grub, then I realize i’m talkin’ to myself, I really mean it when I say i’m slippin' a dog

[Hook] x2