[Intro: Scarface Sample]
You’re all a bunch of fuckin' assholes
You know why?
You don’t have guts to be who you want to be
You need people like me
You need people like me so you can point your fuckin' fingers…
And say that’s the bad guy

[Twisted Insane]
I get tired of it... huh
Everything
I’ve had it up to here
Nigga I ain’t wrote shit to this yet
Fuck it I’m just gonna come in like this though, look
Ugh, ugh, yeah

[Verse 1]
What’s up?
You remember talking to me on the phone
Actin' like you was a gangsta?
Never thought that I would pull up
With an automatic and some bull nuts
I could run up on you, put the gun up on you
But I’d really rather just bank it, so umm... what’s up? (sup nigga?)
Two armed men
Wait up in the parking lot for you to go to lunch time
One pulls out
One blockin’ you in, makin' it hard for you to leave and
If you make it past I’ll put my foot up on the gas
I’ll pull em and i dub nines, nigga, what’s up?
The 40 bottle and the brain got a nigga gone off malt liquor
He was talkin' like he really wanna put a flame to that bitch, shit
His brain may be sick, but
Mine is much sicker. Brainiacs, what’s up?
They don’t want no fade, homie it's 'bout time to dip
They don’t want that trap pull up on a singer, hit 'em with a MAC
100 Bloods in this muthafucka backed up by a 100 Crips nigga
What’s up?

[Interlude]
Did you get that shit?
Yeah
Gimme time to hit the blunt
What’s uhhh
That’s real shit
Ok, I’m comin' in
Come along!

[Verse 2]
What’s up? What’s up blood?
Here we go another keyboard tapper talkin' tough I bet you feelin' safe behind your fuckin' facebook
Never wanted me to pop it, leave you in a rut fuck around and get beat up by boppa leave you in an alley in Killa Cali ain't no doubt about it nigga, they shook!
What up? Hahaha
When a homie say I’m different
I’m like I don’t make my music for no one group
Niggas be often stuck in the grass I’m movin'
On the running shoe
My spits kill 'em all, no tricks, my shit is provin'
I will not lose
Gang bang, green flags on the right side
92 nigga, where was you knocking niggas out like night night
Jheri curls with the gold dees
Nike 410's, fuck the police
Send him runnin' back to your little bitch
Fuck the shit up out of your pipe line
What’s up, nigga?
You ain't wanna go, you wanna sit up in the house with that bitch
I be on the road non-stop homie, do about a hundred shows
Packin' a bit and all but a million people yellin' Brainsick, blaw
Whats up!

[Interlude]
Shit, take time out to gather my thoughts nigga
Do you hear me yet? Do you hear me yet?
I will not lose!
Mhm, yeah

[Verse 3]
Whats up?
Blood niggas start to mention that my grandma basement
Never know a nigga pull up and throwin' the hood up then they get to bookin'
They get to runnin' I'ma get behind the wheel and I will get to chasin', really don't matter get yo man to splatter put 'em in a platter and I be like fuck 'em
Now everybody wanna pay attention did I fully mention didn't nobody listen I was always spittin', rippin' niggas up for what you done punch him up and help his mama get a living
Murder everybody wanna go against a burner guess I gotta dominate 'em, do I really got to sit and listen to this little bitch and talkin' just abominate her
Gnarly
I'm on the road and gunna put a hole up in your heart and
Smokin' some mush cannabis sativa you would think I'm related to Marley
They tell me that I need to quit I be like what the fuck you can hit me with the green
That don't mean a nigga does not matter what they said my nigga that's harder
Pull up on you and put the bullet right up in your chest plate
I don't give a shit about your opinion I represent it from the West
Brainsick than a muthafucka with a half ounce in my dome, shit
I'ma focus on a nigga money while you bitches talk about who's best
What's up?

Your opinion means nothing to me