[Intro]
K-K-Kato on the track

[Verse 1]
Wake up, brush a nigga teeth then bake up
The homie hit me on the phone and told me that he got some shit to get me laced up
Gotta brush a nigga teeth and have a bite to eat and barley even sleep
They be on the creep and I don't wunna be the one to wake up in the morning with my face cut
Say blood
Won't you come up on a mission with me in the skylark
You can drive it like I hang up out the window like I'm Bruce Willis up in Die Hard
Imma cover my face with a bandana, hit the guys up, pull up with the blam blama
Then I hop in the whip and I stare at the bitch like I'm gunna tell you this is my yard
Days go by and police wunna come around and start up with the questions
I ain't got a word to say my nigga, but you better watch what you say to him
I don't know about a body in the river
I ain't seen no murder weapon
All I wunna know is am I free to go, 'cause I don't wunna sit up in your date room
Stay tuned, 'member I was in the whip, cruisin' with the bandana
The homie in the driver seat bleedin all the streets hit with the damn crammer
Two days go by and I'm in the holding cell. Did the homie tell?
Yep, he was in the next room sayin' how they'd bring me to the damn slammer
The fuck?

[Hook]
If god is real, well then who is this devil that you sent to me? (what the fuck?)
I know that you wasn't real from the get, you was no friend of me (knew I shouldn't of fucked with this nigga)
These snakes in the grass like to slither, for that I got no remedy (that's real)
Sometimes you don't know who is your friend and who is your enemy
Who is my enemy?
Who is my enemy?
Who is my enemy?
Sometimes I don't know who is my friend and who is my enemy

[Verse 2]
I was in the house rollin' weed tryna blow shit
The homie hit me on the average every day phone shit
But this time he was talkin' 'bout some kinda show shit
And when I hit the road again he wunna be my friend and go with (oh shit)
Tryna help a nigga out [to make me?] lose my focus
He was sneaky tryna meet the people eat up off a nigga okras
I never listened to the people in my area tellin' me that he was bogus
Tryna use you and your ever throne? as a steppin' stone, I ain't noticed
One year later I was on a tour six deep with a spy kid
Tryna suck up every last bit of game before he make his exit
Them same shoes you came with gunna be the same ones you die in
Better watch where you step all that talkin' shit 'bout Texas
You got a death wish?
Do you wunna see the type of shit that you have stepped in
Get up out the vehicle and beat the shit up out a nigga with no weapon
This shit started gettin' dirty right before a niggas own eyes
I shoulda known you was dirtier than the park that I fuckin' slept in
Nigga

[Hook]
If god is real, well then who is this devil that you sent to me? (what the fuck?)
I know that you wasn't real from the get, you was no friend of me (knew I shouldn't of fucked with this nigga)
These snakes in the grass like to slither, for that I got no [remedy] (that's real)
Sometimes you don't know who is your friend and who is your enemy
Who is my enemy?
Who is my enemy?
Who is my enemy?
Sometimes I don't know who is my friend and who is my enemy

[Death Sentence 2]
The forty bottle and a bad bitch
Pull up on the homie tell him get up in the whip we dippin' right up round the corner niggas woofin' like they active
And don't nobody know a nigga
I been lookin' for someone who said they grew up witcha
I'm from the big bad West Coast, bet yo life anybody on my side would just show a nigga
I back break like I'm Rick Rude
Throw somebody in the lake, nigga fish food
Shit you wunna go to war with a pitbull?
I'mma have to hit the kitchen get you with the ginsu
Homie this the end fool
[Break up on him fast?] every time I catch you slippin' when you runnin' withcha leg broke
Ain't no way in hell I'mma let you get away with all that fool and we could strap up we could battle [and its fatal?] nigga