The militant mac-10, yeah i got a full clip again
Flip if we cool i'll be the first one to rip a friend
I'm back in action give the streets satisfaction
You'll never catch the plot because you can't get traction
Check it I'm Mr. Mash a mic, rap to make you wiggle
If there's beef i'll stick a knife in your ass like Dr. Giggle
So who's the wack rapper with the wack game
I got the ultra mag tech for your wack name
Yeah, when times got rough rough, I hit you with the hot potato
Got money in the bank bumpin' your girl
Like a violator, i bum rush young jumps
That wanna make a rap lock down in the trunk
Then i ride around town with the mac in my lap
With 33 shots for the wackest rap
Yeah, 4 against 1 now I make the sides even
I pull the twin Glocks from the waist, now we're even steven
You niggas know what time it is, shit's about to get hot
Flavor youth style, crazy like a Foxxx

[Chorus]
You know, you know!
Cause I'm crazy like a Foxxx!
[X 4]

I know some rappers that be frontin' like they super duper dope
But i'ma diss you like Sinead o'Conner dissed the pope
I work to make the grade, let's call a spade a spade
I'll never be a stepping stone for jumps to get paid
So i'm about to set it off
[another voice]: "Yeah y'all niggas fucked with the wrong nigga this time, Daddy Boot Knock's at your ass!"
When someone's nice with the mic they get props
Whenever someone's wack with they shit they get boxed
So, niggas check the pedigree while i run it down
Yeah, four horsemen in '94 getting bucked down
This ain't cowboys and indians, jack
This is real life drama from the militant mack
Dig it, i'll walk a thousand miles down south
Just to punch a sucka ass nigga in his mouth
So a trip up to the bronx ain't jack
Just to watch the ultra mag wack get smacked
Yeah, then i take my production and boogie it down
(??? difficult to understand this line ??? please help)
Back to bed-stuy, then to the fort
Where they shackle niggas down when they bring 'em to court
It's like bad man dan meeting two gun green
But this'll be the bloodiest rap show you ever seen
And while i'm gunnin' i'll be having niggas runnin' off the block
Talking that i'm crazy like a Foxxx

[Chorus]
You know, you know!
Cause I'm crazy like a Foxxx!

Now here's the real recipe
Add the mic with 50,000 fans
With a tad bit of funk from the funkadelic band
And don't forget the hardcore rock head niggas from the block
That opened up the doors for Freddie Foxxx
Niggas in the pen know i'm at it again
No i don't shit on a friend, so when they come home i put 'em in
"(??? difficult, please help) ...if you ever go to jail i'mma have y'all niggas knocked the fuck off"
I step up on your crew even though you stand deep
You niggas know i'm coming for war, so you scream peace
It's much too late for you to repent
Yeah the plan's been laid down, time's been spent
I pull my 45, and Ced Gee pulled his
But i keep my shit cocked so "boom boom" there it is
Now Ced Gee is dead G
Now who's the next to get rubbed, bang bang, no Moe Love
You was a scared nigga anyway, so let's make this one a closed casket
Boom, he's a faceless bastard
One man running, at least one left
I want action so I take off my vest
I noticed Kool Keith, pulled out a 9
So I smacked him in his mouth, now the 9 is mine
Then i drag him in the alley and i hit him in the head with the Glocks
Piss in his face, because I'm Freddie Foxxx

[Chorus]
You know, you know!
Cause I'm crazy like a Foxxx!
(X 8)

Crazy like a Foxxx
(X 8)