[Wyclef] (Billy Danze)
The streets is mad right now (Tell 'em why we mad!)
Rappers, whatever you call yourselves pack your bags and get outta town
(Get outta town! Get out!)
Cause I'mma strike down on thee with great vengeance and furious anger
Those who attempt to poison the hood
I'mma let y'all know the preacher's son is back! (Waiya!)

Uh, Refugees
One time, M.O.P. (Oh, oh, oh, oh)
Two times, uh, Bumpy Knuckles (Oh, oh, oh, oh)
Now the world is in trouble, come on (Oh, oh)

Yo, you're number one on the charts! (You're a masquerade!)
Paying for your Billboard slots! (You're a masquerade!)
Because the block knows hot! (You're a masquerade!)
You're livin' in a, you're livin in a (Masquerade!)

I'm on first so: this ain't a rap verse it's more like a voodoo curse
So when you die, the kids'll throw rocks at your hearse
Cause you lie too much - you ain't got no gat at your arms reach
Just aimed it at your headpiece now you pissin' in your briefs
Hold up! We just saw you on your BET, your MTV
Your public access channel talkin' bout "I'm a thug!"
You're an animal, a cannibal, you even scared Hannibal
But when the blackout came, no lights for your candles
So welcome to the real world where a spade is a spade
And I'mma call it like I see it and ya'll livin in a masquerade
Even though Jacob iced you out with the baguette
Money with no respect, that makes you a suspect
So you can't ride through Brownsville
You wan't peace, you better call Churchill
If not, feel 'Clef when he connects with M.O.P. family
And plays guitar at your eulogy

You wanna claim you run the blocks! (You're a masquerade!)
Givin' information to the cops! (You're a masquerade!)
Howc ome you've never seen a rock! (You're a masquerade!)
You're livin' in a, you're livin in a (Masquerade!)

[Billy Danze] (Lil' Fame)
Uh, uh, uh
Now you grimy little bastards line up, time's up, I'm up
(They see it) William Danze'll show you how to get it crunk
(I'm still) plottin' with Foxxx (to death) I do it with Clef
(Forever) We're world mackin' that's to the death
(Nigga) blast (blast) blast royalty you youngsters better get back
Before you get a setback and get clapped
That's it and that's that, Clap!
(Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!)
Now I'm gone (nigga) haul that
Take all that and fall back

[Lil' Fame] (Billy Danze)
I kick too much ass (kick ass) to rock shoes by Prada
(Fuck) Gucci shoes, Timbs mo' hotter (hah)
We still ? down shit
The street don't want that watered down (bullshit)
(Nigga) Fame we clear the whole stage (uh)
You don't wanna ride with us, (niggas) we got road rage!

[Wyclef] (M.O.P.)
Now I'mma let my hoods out! (You're a masquerade!)
Unless you feedin' the dogs! (You're a masquerade!)
That's why we steal and we rob! (You're a masquerade!)
You're livin' in a, you're livin in a (Masquerade!)

[Bumpy Knuckles]
I'm coming, I'm here
Sixteen bars of murder, real murder, baby this ain't a facade
Niggas pumping they fist like they punchin' at God
Over ten years rippin' emcees, I bring it hard
Don't make me split your chest and pull your card
R&B singer the greatest and now barred
Cause he been feelin' on booties of too-young cuties
Got more bombs left you punk niggas
Reach to shake the Bumpy hand you got no arms left
You ain't a pimp, nigga you ain't a mack
You keep bitches in the house all day I keep them on the track
Drinkin' CoCo wearin' long mink coats black
Hear them twelve inch stillettos tappin' through the ghetto
I can see it in your eyes lil nigga you ain't a part
Of shake a niggas hand, shake a nigga heart
I keep the underground in shape and never be soft
You wanna make it like the fat naked bitches turnin' me off!

[Wyclef] (M.O.P.)
Now I'mma let my hoods out! (You're a masquerade!)
Unless you feedin' the dogs! (You're a masquerade!)
That's why we steal and we rob! (You're a masquerade!)
You're livin' in a, you're livin in a (Masquerade!)

Miri Ben-Ari won't you take 'em to the middle east

[Billy Danze] (Lil' Fame)
Uh uh uh (uh) uh (uh)
Uh (uh) uh uh (uh) uh (uh)
Uh uh (uh) uh (uh) yeah (uh)
Yeah (yeah) yeah (uh) yeah (yeah) waiya!