[Intro: Bumpy Knuckles]
You always gonna have people who don't believe that you're really good at what you do, you know
And that's probably more so because they haven't figured out
How to be good at what they know, or don't even know how to do it, you know
So, you know, that’s just what it is, you know
Every level you reach you gonna come against obstacles
And you have to combat those obstacles in order to move forward
It's almost like you're playin' a video game, you know what I mean
And then the prize is your sanity
Word

[Bumpy Knuckles] (DJ Premier)
Ha!!! (“Come on with it”)
SHHHH!!! (“Come on with it)
(“Come on with it“) HA HA HA HA HA
(“Come on with it“) HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA
(“Come on with it")
(“Me and you, gettin' it on, don't even go there")
(“Come on, Come on with it")
("Once I bring it to you, you won't be safe nowhere")

[Verse One: Bumpy Knuckles]
More levels, more devils, diesel
Airin' out the stage like a Neville, Brother
Leave you, dot on your face
For no good reason at all we in a bad place
Ha! Hip Hop is separated, by the nice and the nice not
Underground and I'm ice hot
What rap nigga my age still keep the mic hot, ha ha!
Couple hip-hop Butterbeans
Big sluggers move with me it's a gutter team
I love women who love hardcore who know the boom from the bap
O.G.s could still fill a room when he rap
Mic blessin' in a recession is food givin' back
To occupy labels that moved it in wax
Now, here come Bumpy on a Premo track
To represent Hip Hop from where we go back
Ha Ha, Crack!

[Hook: DJ Premier]
“Come on with it”
“Me and you, gettin' it on, don't even go there”
“Come on with it”
“Cause you know what we got to do”
“Come on, Come on with it”
“Me and you, gettin' it on, don't even go there”
“Come on with it”
“Once I bring it to you, you won't be safe nowhere”

[Verse Two: Bumpy Knuckles]
I let the beat keep breathin'
While I spit life to you heathens
You in the wrong place, to be real
Reasons, I usually don't speak corny styles like that cause I'm too seasoned (word)
How you ballin', sendin' links tryin' to get on you stink
MC's don't give a fuck what you think
Fuck rappin' if it's beef I hit up brinks
And put that kind of paper on your head to make a lot of killers link
Now think, wouldn't you rather keep it music
Then to lose it all cause of music
I'm sure that's not how Bambaataa wanted us to use it
Now move it before I lose it
And I'm in it for the long haul, bars
Like lifers in a long hall, bond
My life rockin' mics I raise the bar
Phased 'em, dazed 'em and blazed 'em all
Scorned!

[Hook]

[Verse Three: Bumpy Knuckles]
Real nigga cinema, the future's a top feature
Who's favorite MC, is The Bronx teacher
Flow's long around hooks so the words reach ya
Joe Jackson on you Michael ass niggas beat ya
Now "Beat It" before I pull this Tito, and shoot you in your ego
It's front page news read it
My style is to Barker over beats
Like Travis I'll bark 'em, GRRRR spark 'em
Overwritten flows and shit
Like overflowin' toilet bowls and shit, the game is a mess
Beef ain't really over with
The only way for me to get over it, is to aim at your chest
I rock with a DJ, who sets the tone
Plugs in two twelves and a microphone
And I don't stop rockin' the beats will keep rockin'
As long as the streets are heat then keep coppin'
Poppin'!

[Hook]

[Outro: Bumpy Knuckles]
Word up! Salute to Hip Hop! MC's and DJ's!
Culture strong as ever, Bumpy Knuckles, DJ Premier
Salute!