Intro:

I mean, for a president to say that this is a war against
Terrorism, means that he's gotta bring it to every country
That practices terrorism in some shape or form
You may be looking at your last American president

Pre-Verse:

That's right!
Before I go...I wanna let y'all know
See this is more serious than just surface
Ya feel me!? Ya feel me!? Ya feel me!? Ya feel me!?

Verse One:

I'm from a dark region, my name is Freddie Foxxx
Don't try to cool my heaters, cause they already hot
What people wanna kill us and say they hate us?
How can they wanna do it? Knowing that God made us
How can the city manage? We lost a lot of cops
But will that make it better? Let's ask the yellow pops
How can we fight for freedom? When we ain't even free
I watch the North Star, cause it's leading me
What man's a secret agent? What man's a human bomb?
What man could give his own life just to prove you wrong?
Why should I take a taxi? Or eat a fuckin' gyro
You never know what squatters, that shit could blow like pyro
My people, don't be silly. It's not that small a beef
I'd jump a thousand stories just to avoid the heat
I'd jump a slave ship just to avoid the beat
And tell the world to kiss my ass before I make the leap

Pre-Verse:

People!
Haha, I'd like to welcome you to the new millennium
(That's right! Connect!)
Stay connected, cause when the time come for love, time comes for war
Feel me! Feel me! Feel me!

Verse Two:

Don't tell me that I'm fucking angry, you don't know the reason
Let's set these wars off, it's kill a nigga season
All in the middle of the streets with the tech squeezin'
I got a lot of soldiers with me and we ain't leavin'
Break down the prison walls, free every man
So he can kiss his mamma or shake his brother's hand
So he can hug his daughter, tell her that he lover her
Cause once this song is over, I swear! Word to mother
They like to say I'm violent, some people say I'm honest
You people keep the secrets, who is this Nostradamus
Somebody get his number, I'd like to dial his phone
And say his mom is gay (?) and that's what's going on!
What man could kill a baby? What man could rape a lady?
What man could hate another man? Cause this kid ain't slim shady
You niggas know what's going down!
Like London Bridge, it's going down, baby!

Pre-Verse:

(Yeah! That's Right!)
People!
Welcome to the new millennium
Bloods! Crips! GD's! Lord Gangs!
Recognize your power, I'm talking
Ya hear me! Ya hear me! Ya hear me!

Verse 3:

How can you live with honor knowing there is no honor
Won't God decide my fate? Don't mean to judge your honor
New Millennium city, accept the one controlled
I mean, it ain't the worst, cause now they want your soul
Locked in chains, they make me spit fire
Like I was an American airline flier
Dear God, Sire, stretch one hand
And take me from this land before they take me from this land
I'm a hard working man, yes I did my dirt
Yes, I shut em down, you tried to stop my work
And it came from my own kind, of course you know it hurt
Now the streets, forever mine like I was a Levert (?)
The wise do it once, what the fool will do later
I can't die drowning, I keep it too gator
Don't think I won't bust it, I will like Jada
All men bear arms, and we'll talk later, baby!

Outro:

Yeah! That's right!
I'd like to welcome my people to the new millennium!
(Yeah, Ha Ha)
Let no man change who you are, cause all you got is who you are, Baby!
(That's right!)