[Intro:Devin the Dude]
And i'm just walking down the street
Tryin' to find me something to eat and i ran across this freak
Who was talking about, she was trying to sell some pussy to me for 'bout 40 dollars a nut, and i like to nut like three times
So that's 120 dollars i can save if this bitch just give me some pussy for free man
But she wasn't listening to me, so she followed me to the room and, you know, I assume I was just finna get some head for a minute or two...
She came through the door and put her shoes on the floor and...

[Verse 1: Devin the Dude]
On that big brass bed i throwed her
Bitch never saw such a dick that i showed her
I put her over then i told her to control her voice
She had no problem bitch had a pussy hole of a horse
I opened it up, i stuck my dick in, she caught her wind and said "huh aaah"
Looked at me and said "D, do you love me now?"
I said, "biiitch, what are you smoking?
Your pussy ain't no better than the rest" and kept stroking
She started crying, but still she kept her legs open
Steady wishing and hopin' that she can be Mrs. Copeland
Bitch you crazier than you look, go wipe that cum out your nose
Cause you're nothing but 40 hungry crumb snatchin hoe who...
Tryin' to sell me some pussy, but no, you ain't gonna sell no pussy to me x6


[Hook]
She said she love me, i'm the only nigga that can make her left thigh shake
She want that money, that ice that she strife, let me get that cake....

[Verse 2:Odd Squad]
Yeah, if you sell me some pussy bitch, you can't have it back
It's all mines now, i'm the owner of your pussy cat
You can't manipulate a player with pussy games and tricks
Matter fact, it's 500 bitch for some dick, uh
Niggers either begging and pleading wishing for pussy hole
Not me nigga cause i keep my ducks all in a row
Meaning that the understanding is they all mine
If they can't mind bitch move your ass down the line
Bust a couple and i'm feeling fine
I don't really have the time to help you out your fucking bind
Your destiny you gotta find
You gotta have an understanding my personality demanding
Keep them lips tight i'm busting like a cannon
Do not haste, to lower your face below my waist to take a taste of paste it's not a disgrace
Asked me what the solution, I told her "prostitution bitch, you do it down in Houston"
Tryin' to sell me some pussy, but no, you ain't gonna sell no pussy to me... x6

[Hook]
She said she love me, i'm the only nigga that can make her left thigh shake
She want that money, that ice that she strife, let me get that cake....

Hey, say, i'm so glad we had this opportunity so please let us seize this moment in time
And i'm inclined to tell you something intellectual, let me get up in your ear, near, whisper something sexual
I bet you will. haha "please you can say that, you're just talking shit, swallow, spit i'm payed cat"
I said uh whoa, oh little mama, how we getting all of this
And just like Santa Claus she went down a little list
She said "30 for some head, 50 for some ass
Got a 20 dollar jack off special, but you gotta do it fast"
Really all you need is personal management
And on the cool i specialize in working with damaged shit
Got all this cash, I don't know how to handle it
And it's funny how you make money off these heart-ache sandwiches
The advantage is, I get that thaang for free, so you ain't gonna get no change from me...
Tryin' to sell me some pussy, but no, you ain't gonna sell no pussy to me... x6

She said she love me, i'm the only nigga that can make her left thigh shake
She want that money, that ice that she strife, let me get that cake....