DEAD!

[Intro: Dialogue]
(Blunt time-pull out your philly) Ha ha, mighty Aftermath
(Sip a glass of 'gnac, reload your nine milli)
Whose soul ever contest,  DEAD!
In me ear Dre. You hear me now? DEAD!
(Blunt time-pull out your philly)
(Sip a glass of 'gnac, reload your nine milli)

[Verse 1: RBX]
Thought they were moving in and now they wanna cut us wrong
Room for moving in, but that was on-ly mine
They will shake the hand, never really seen and only heard
They will shake the hand, he is only to heard l-oo-oo-ng
Knick-knack, paddy wack give a dog a bone
Long Beach City I wreck is my zone
I be the solo rollo which means I rule alone
You drew first blood, musta thought you was the lone
Fool now break for ya tool
Studio Rambo, catch ambush
I wish you wouldn't moosh like ya wanna come push
I'll dump ya and leave ya stankin' in the forest you Gump
Long Beach City-firmly represented
Narrator X is representor
Lyrical the kick make me ya mentor
Freeze MC's, don't ent-or
I'll take like Anne Arden's new chips in wint-or
Or since I'm Sun I'll melt the metaphor
The metaphors are meltin', style is beltin'
I heard a dog yelpin' but no helpin'

[Chorus]
Blunt time-pull out your philly
Sip a glass of 'gnac, reload your nine milli
Dancin', puffin', sippin' or set trippin'
Dimes keep on flippin' flippin'
REPEAT

[Verse 2: RBX]
Dre's bad beats they Rat-Tat-Tat-Tat
X flex lyric they can't combat
Fat as a elephant, elegant and eloquent no shit
I boots hits, throw tantrums like Ella Fitz
Nah the member X but you'll remember X indeedy
Now remember don't contest the flex
Got you in spot like Lindscrafter but you try to diss
I burn you like Backdrafter
After that you'll get nothing from me but laughter
Similar to this: HA. What's the repertoire-kick deadly wit' lyrics
Shot your punk ass like ELEC now it's

[Chorus]

[Verse 3: RBX]
Mighty Aftermath!
Once again. Can't hold us back
Refuse, refuse (DEAD!) You lose (DEAD!) DEAD! (Indeed)
Attempts will be futile, it's way to brutal
Hear me now Narrator-to-the-X, tellin' anyone who contest
The mighty Aftermath Posse (Who? Who?) DEAD!
(Murder!) Exclamation point!
(Iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii)
(Blunt time)Ha
(Blunt tiiiime) Mighty Aftermath the 9-7
(Sip a glass of 'gnac my friend, dont'cah friend)
(Roowl, IIIIIIII don't wanna fight no more, no no, oooh!)
(Blunt time, blunt time, blunt blunt, yep!)