[Intro: Roger E. Mosley + RBX]
You really don't understand, do you?
Hey man, don't you realize that, in order for us to make this thing work, we gotta get rid of the pimps, and the pushers, and  the prostitutes then start all over again clean
Nigga, is you crazy?
Once again, the mighty Death Row organization committin' mass murder, and we ain't askin' for shit, nigga—we takin' it! So Dre, blast they ass, nigga!

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
Rat-tat-tat-tat late at night with my gat
On the streets of L.A
Wonderin' where the pussy at
Straight player, looking for a ho
Hangin' out, rollin' in my '64
16 switches for the niggas in my hood
17 shells so I make it understood
Stay back, lay back, way back in the cut
Ya come outside nigga ya gettin' fucked up
But I told ya, Creep, Creep ya best move
Like Luther Vandross, I'm fuckin' up the west coast
I'm right back up in ya when ya nut
1-2-3 nut, from the D-R-E but
This is for the hoes that I used to know
When I didn't have my '64 and a lot of dough
I keep it like this and like that

[Hook: Dr. Dre + Snoop Dogg]
And I never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
Rat-tat-tat-tat tat ta tat like that
And I never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
Rat-tat-tat-tat tat ta tat like that
And I never hesitate to put a nigga on his back

[Skit: Assailants + Assailed]
Oh, wait, that's that nigga that owe you that grip
Yeah, there that fool is
Well break him off proper then
What's up?
What's happenin'?
Nigga, you delinquent, can I get those ends?
Aye nigga, pay this nigga, he ain't trippin'
I ain't got your money
Well, yo, check this out, nigga
(Sounds of slapping)
What's up, fool? What's up?
What's up? Yeah, motherfucker
I'll be back, yo! I'll be back!
Oh yeah? You ain't never comin' back!

[Hook: Dr. Dre + Snoop Dogg]
Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
Rat-tat-tat-tat tat ta tat like that
And I never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
Rat-tat-tat-tat tat ta tat like that
And I never hesitate to put a nigga on his back

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre]
Creepin' and peepin', we can get with these
The Chronic, slangin' fat ki's from my block
And it don't stop
Tell me where you wanna go
To the strip, or take a trip ballin' with the row
My shit off in ya system attacks
Indo smoke in ya lungs, like that
You get lifted, calm, and if it's the bomb
Taken away like Calgon, Vietnam
California, back and on a mission, provin' a point
In my game, ain't no fuckin' competition
They wishin' but run up on reality
C-P-T, C-A-L my locality
It's strange how I re-arrange and change the business
By droppin' shit like this
Dope, niggas can't cope with the real
I peal, penitentiaries still, when I kill it goes

[Hook: Dr. Dre + Snoop Dogg]
And I never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
Rat-tat-tat-tat tat ta tat like that
And I never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
Rat-tat-tat-tat tat ta tat like that
And I never hesitate to put a nigga on his back

[Outro: Snoop Dogg]
Straight up. Now you niggas know where my homie comin' from. So quit the chit-chat, before you find yourself flat on your bizzack, fool. It's 9-duce, Dr Drizzay, is sittin' on tizzop! It don't stop. Treatin' buster's like a punk-ass cizzop! Biatch!