V: Have you ever read the book "Have Gun, Will Travel"?

R: I haven't read it. I heard about it. It was brought to my attention. I heard my name was mentioned in there. And, and, and, and they was asking me, uhh... y’know I talked to brother before he put it in there. My response to that is: uhh. Not really. I didn't. Am I gon' trip on him? No. I’m not. But... if you talking 'bout that, that story that. uh, he was speaking on in the book?

V: I mean... the book had a lot of crazy stories.

R: Okay.

V: Like, the whole book was crazy. I don't remember exactly what your part is. Can you, can you refresh my memory?

V: I'ma just tell you what really happened. I mean ion know what the book... ya feel me? I can't give you the book remix version. What happened was we was doing a show at the [?] in Chicago. We had to do two shows. So. We do the first show. [?] Blow the spot up. This 14,000 people. 14,000 people slide out, we go back for the second show, it's 14,000 more people. Wow, okay. So we do The Chronic. Everything is good. When we go backstage... it was eight performers, with Dre, Snoop, everybody, we came with the eight performers. So when we get back to the dressing room, there is a table and it had eight bags of chicken on it. I didn't know who the chicken was for, but I kinda just put my little educated guess "okay, well, this is for the performers when they get done performing cos they had the waters up there and everything. So I just automatically walked in, grabbed a bag of chicken cos I'm thinking one of them is mine. I just grab one and I get to munching and yada yada yada. So, the rest of the homies, they get they bag of chicken and... yada yada, everybody eating then Suge walks in. And then he walk in talkin’ ’bout "well who the fuck ate my chicken?" Cos I guess he had some friends that he was 'bout to bring through and that chicken was for them. I’m like "yo, but yeah, nigga they ain't perform. I'm hungry. There's 14,000 people out there. I can’t walk down the street. You ain't got no catering here? Nigga we ain't ate all day. We done did two shows. And you finna trip on us eating couple pieces of chicken? Nigga please." And, at that juncture, um, he said sum' stupid, like "woop woop woop", and I'm like "okay, nigga". Then he called me a ricket. He was like "fuck rickets, nigga, woop woop woop". Me being the nigga I am, I said "fuck slobs, nigga. Let's move around." I jumped up. We got to going at it, woop woop woop woop. Ya feel me? They broke it up. He pulled his little, his little p-shooter out. Like, and then I, then I, then I, then I really went ballistic like nigga you gon' pop me nigga? And then... and that was the first, that was the first show, ya feel me? So that's. And actually, oh, and I jumped in that situatio because