[Intro: RBX]
Oh yea, they say it's all about drugs...

[Hook: Snoop Dogg]
So what, so what, so whatcha want?
So what, so what, so whatcha want?
So what, so what, so whatcha want?

[Verse 1: MC Ren]
Do you want the Villain?
Or do you be wantin' niggas imitatin' with no flows?
Claimin' they're pimps with no hoes, with whack shows?
Hook them to them Dazz baby
Record companies that made them, niggas and bitches they hate them
It's all about the gimick
Tryin' to mimic original niggas that be on the nuts with no limits
You're gettin' circled like my niggas makin Hajj in Mecca
The black stones substitute us through the microphone
Every year you got a new patch of clones
Thinkin' they're the shit, roamin' around like Shrones
Predictable niggas, I've seen them comin' like the breeze
Making the killing for these bitch companies
Ugh, shove your ass overseas, house arrestin'
Put your shit on hold, just to teach you the worst lesson
And tell your mamma quit pagin' a nigga while I work
And leave this niggas shit to the motherfuckin' experts

[Hook: Snoop Dogg]
So what, so what, so whatcha want?
So what, so what, so whatcha want?
So what, so what, so whatcha want?

[Verse 2: Snoop Dogg]
Hold on Dogg, what now huh? - how you feel?
Yeah, shit's gettin' bad before your boy got steel
Not gettin' kneel, watch yourself cause it's ill
Home boys kill home boys and that's real
The hardest niggas who tell ya
When you're in jail, you're a motherfuckin' failure
With no one to bail you, they'll sell you every bang
Except the game, to stay on the top of the game
Remember the homeboy with the flossy rings
Where he at? - just homies took him up out the game
It's a cold game
But you got to know, when you're ended, it's a cold shame
If you're gettin' barred, you got to stay stand
And do what you got to do, to get in
Every since, I put my hands in this dirty rap game
Look here, I've been on this mission tryin' get the scratch, man

[Hook: Snoop Dogg]
So what, so what, so whatcha want?
So what, so what, so whatcha want?
So what, so what, so whatcha want?

[Verse 3: RBX]
Now, what you need with that six hundred?
Flipped up your plain tendered, like itchy pain thundered
What fool? - let that bullshit settle
Go against your hard block, black talent fatal
Peep, I flop rhyme to the beat
And flip more til explode when it's time compete
Blow up, throw up your hands to this
It's easy to be Ruthless gangsters never die
Chanters never try, pranksters only fry
Now, walk the plane, got bet they can't fly
Vision this, like David Tow
Full repertoire as fast as mega Death Row
Fool, you're about to call, murder so bizarre
Are you ready?

[Hook: Snoop Dogg]
So what, so what, so whatcha want?
So what, so what, so whatcha want?
So what, so what, so whatcha want?

[Outro: MC Ren Talking]
So whatcha want? Whatcha want? Whatcha want?
Yeah, '98 stylin, it's the villain up in this bitch
With my nigga Snoop Dogg, RBX, L.T
Doin' this shit like this, for all y'all bitch ass niggas
It's time for y'all niggas to step out the game
Let these real niggas keep this, and do it like this '98 stylin'
Ruthless Villain stylin, ugh