Oh this shit right here nigga
This Thug Motivation-103
I'mma tell these niggas what I'm doing:

[Hook:]
See I'm sitting here chilling with this Roley on my arm
What I paid for it, should've came with an alarm
Yeah I'm tryna fuck, baby don't be alarmed
See I used to pay Kobe, but now I pay Lebron
Kobe, Lebron, Kobe, Lebron
Yeah I used to pay Kobe until I paid Lebron
Kobe, Lebron, Kobe, Lebron
24, 23 - y'all niggas remember me

[Verse 1]
Y'all niggas remember who?
Summer of 02'
Came doing that white thang
They ain't know what to do
They ain't know what to think
I ain't know how to feel
And I ain't even have a deal then dog let's keep it real
And while we at it nigga let's just keep it trill
Still the realest nigga in it homie how you feel?
I said I'm feeling like a million bucks
Make me go to Footlocker and buy about a million chucks
Uh oh! They say the club is off the chain
I'm on my Louis shit, fuck some Gucci, mane
These niggas still on my dick
They like some groupies mane
Can't keep they lips closed
They worse than coochies mane
And that fruity looking stupid like some Coogi, mane
Let you trick me out these streets
You must be stupid mane
Tell him this ain't what he want, not the boy Snow
But between me and you I think the boy slow

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Y'all niggas remember that money before rap
Niggas round my way call me Mr. Penny and a Sac
Them Boyz N Da Hood they call a nigga Mr. Bring It Back
Mr. Go and Get It anywhere you know I keep a map
They say it's going down tonight I hope I make it back
He say he reeing up now you know I'm loving that
She say it's going down tonight you know I'm fucking that
And ain't no sense in searching me, you know I'm fucking strapped
Uh Oh! They say the club is off the chain
Straight shots to the head fuck some Juice mane
Ask the real niggas in the city who got the Juice, mane
These niggas talking bout they work but where they proof mane
Y'all know these niggas clowns and I'm the truth mane
If this is what your going for then what's the use mane
Tell em this ain't what they want not the boy snow
But between me and you I think them boys slow

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Y'all niggas remember when I used to get it in
V.P. West Inn
Pull up with a light tent
Fall up in the spot
Blow about a light 10
All that and I'm light-skinned
Couple hundred carats and all that's on my skin
You niggas get the picture of what I've written den
Pardon me, Feds takin snap shots
Ain't been there 30 minutes spent the half block
Uh oh! The club is still off the chain
Don't stop there! "Where the after party, mane?"
"Jizzle, who you tryna invite?" Everybody, mane!
This is my summer and I'm killing everybody mane
So I'm a be out in every hood
Hollering at everybody
And I'm a be in every spot nigga and every party
See this is what they want yeah that boy snow
But between me and you I think them hoes slow