[Verse 1: Young Jeezy]

Im kicked back, presidential roll ya hundred fifty stacks
Niggas playing with the bag now what type of shit is that?
Heard he been up in the club going hard with the stacks
Front a nigga lil' some and he dont know how to act
Got my niggas on deck, yea they do this shit for fun nigga
Compton to the D, yea im talking bout my young niggas
I been playing phone tag with that all day
YG pull up on that nigga and see what he got to say

[Verse 2: YG]

I was fucking with Rico, he had the plug on the chico
I had to cancel like nino, cause the deal wasn't finito
I hit Payroll like "Ayo got the plug on the yayo
He said its fresh off the boat, so charge him like San Diego"
Tryna make a hundred thousand off of 15 racks
You know a nigga with 20 in the safe, get where he at
Ain't you the same nigga that been running from young?
I grab my gun, he start to run POW POW missed him by luck fuck!

[Verse 3: Doughboy Payroll]

Got a call from my nigga YG, He said its a problem with the big
Homie Young. 49 or the choppa, fuck it ima just grab all 3 guns
He parked out front, but them bitches in the trunk
Gloves on bout to leave a bitch nigga slumped
I know Ques riding let me hit this nigga up
Bring yo 4'5, lets hit this nigga up

[Verse 4: Doughboy Ques]

So I kiss my Jesus peace, lord forgive me for my sins
I been down for too long, now its time for me to win
Said I wouldn't do this again, but you can't disrespect my partnas
Playing with the bosses money, YG go and grab them choppas
Tell Pay to grab them pumps, I know Kidd got them Nines
Since he see us as some hoes we bout to rob this nigga blind
Man this nigga lost his mind im killing him and his girl
(Kidd) "So now double homicide?"
Hell yea its the world

[Verse 5: Doughboy Kidd]

Man you tripping listen, I ain't killing no kids, I ain't killing
No bitches now lets run up in this crip, we gone ramsack for that
Cheese, we gone search around for them keys, if we can't come across
Neither put that to his dome then squeeze. So we out the truck
Towing heat, 4 deep with YG, not a soul out in the street, its too
Quite you ask me. Got a baby choppa and a Nine too, They say wait on
Dre, theres no time to. Wait wtf, got damn look, its a bunch of niggas
We ambushed

[Verse 6: Doughboy Payroll]

He got more niggas, but we got more clips, im bout to hop out cause I
Ain't no bitch, kill em all I ain't got time for no snitch, when it come
To my fam, I dont take no shit. Shells not found, gunshots loud, I just
Hit a nigga now he laying on the ground, busting yelling bitch where the
Keys and the pounds, I ain't stopping nigga til I run out of rounds

[Verse 7: Doughboy Dre]

Pulling up in all black, I got the 40 I got the Mac, Pay done hit me
10 times like nigga where the fuck you at. Hearing all these gunshots
Mad as fuck I ain't bring the choppa, remind me of this one time, we
First took them couple of blocks, now we back up on that tip, fully autos
Light tip. Bitch we taking all this work, now these pussy niggas hurt
Hallows all up in they shirt, hop in the caddy, nigga skirt
Call Young up we at the stash house we got the money, we got the work

[Hype Man]
I have an announcement, its some new work in the streets, its a little more potent
Than what you used too, some shit only bosses can handle, Detroit we on!