[Intro - Jeezy]
"Stay strapped, stay strapped" repeated in the background
Gyeah!.. Aye!
Y'all already know what time it is, nigga.. Aye!
Gyeah!.. I'm in the streets every night nigga, I'm in the club every night nigga
I don't see these fuck niggas mayn, these niggas talking on records man
I don't argue with niggas on records, I told you fuckboi -- you know what it
Is with me nigga!
You niggas Pro-tool Gangstas mayne, know what I'm saying
Always said you gone sign yourself or kill yourself nigga
Well you just committed suicide bitch, I'ma let you know that too!
Aye, let's get it!

[Verse 1: Jeezy]
Snowman bitch, 19.5 a piece (Gyeah!)
So when you take them out the wrap, they as white as your teeth (Daaamn)
Keep choppas on deck, stay ready for beef
Little nigga scared shitless, he can't even sleep (Hahaa..)
And you already know what them K's will do
I'll have them pussy niggas scared to stand next to you! (Gyeah!)
Niggas talking all tough, steady hiding and shit
Even his own mama know, Radric Davis a bitch! (Yeeeeaah)
To be honest nigga - there's nothing Gucci about you (Whudd!)
You pussy, nigga everything's coochie about you (That's riiight!)
See straight through you nigga, you's a plastic rapper (Aye!)
Nigga all on my dick, where's the magnum wrapper? (Hahaa..)
Murdered him on Black Tee, killed him on Icy (Yuh!)
Nigga my biggest fan, don't he sound just like me?
Gassed your ass up, yeah they played you nigga
So I'mma take you back apart, cause I made you nigga
HB bought your car, HB bought your chain
Left him and then that fat nigga did the same thing (Yuh!)
No loyalty,  jumped clique to clique
He's a rapping prostitute, he jumped dick to dick
I'm so icy! and you not icy at all (Aye!)
Your jewelry look like it came out the middle of the mall
This is eskimo shit, little nigga you's a snow cone(Daaamn)
You're in over your head, pocketbook boy go home
Twelve carats, two stones, a hundred thousand a set (Aye!)
My motherfucking ears ain't forgave me yet
That old-ass Rolex, you're six years behind me (Aye!)
I got the streets drunk, ya six beers behind me (Wooo)
When you was dreaming bout bread nigga, I had the money (Gyeah!)
Signed your whole life away for Dodge Magnum money (Aye!)
Still got 92, 93, 94 money!
You rapping ass nigga, you just getting show money (Aye!)
King of Decatur? I thought you was from Birmingham
Shouldn't've asked for it, if you know you ain't have it man
I got a family in the 'Ville, and it's Crip in the Mac-Town (West Side!)
Nigga you ain't heard? I'm the man in the A-Town
It's some Boyz N Ya Hood do anything for Jeezy
So if I want your little ass touched you're done, believe me

[Hook- Jeezy]
(I stay strapped, stay strapped)
Pussy nigga try to play me, I'ma bust his motherfucking head on GP
(I stay strapped, stray strapped)
Let a nigga run up on me - keep a carbon 1.5, and them choppas with me
(I stay strapped, stay strapped)
Pussy nigga trying to play, I'ma bust his motherfucking head on GP
(I stay strapped, stay strapped)
Let a nigga run up on me keep a carbon 1.5, and them choppas with me

[Outro - Jeezy]
1 thing about it, 2 things for sure, 3 things for certain man (For certain
Nigga!)
We know you a bitch ass nigga, nigga
We know you's a ho nigga
Y'all take that nigga back to Central State, nigga gone crazy
Bitch ass nigga talking all tough, hiding and shit nigga
We know you's a fuckboi, we know you gay nigga!
Get on the ecstasy pills and jump in the shower with your homeboys
What you think, I ain't know nigga? (DAMN!)
Yeah, I know all about that nigga (Damn..)
I know how HB had to buy ya bitch ass draws nigga
Cause you couldn't afford 'em nigga
Went around talking you icey and shit
Now that you done got with some fuck niggas
And you tough now nigga - I know you a bitch nigga!
Juss like I'll slap ya bitch ass like them niggas did in Jazzy T's (Hahaaa..)
You bitch ass nigga, fuck nigga
Wearing jheri curls in his sophomore year nigga
You's a ho nigga, we know about you nigga..
What, you mad cause I outshined you in your video fuckboi?
You couldn't take it no more nigga?
You can't assassinate my character nigga, I ain't acting (Hahaa..)
Nigga that ain't any real Jacob you wearing either, you fuck ass nigga
Jacob said, He DID NOT make that watch
And you needa get that off, real talk nigga
I'ma show you what my G like, what my cripping like nigga
Any nigga claiming what I claim, that nigga come to my city or town nigga
Handle that nigga, nigga hiding from me dogg
Nigga talking all tough, nigga runnin and hidin and shit nigga
Real talk nigga, and I want that motherfucking bullshit-ass ICEY chain
Cause you need to take that monkey shit off you, embarassing us nigga
Matter of fact, real talk nigga, I got a bounty on that shit nigga, ten stacks
You know Jeezy ain't fake nigga
I know that shit ain't worth that much nigga, but I'mma turn it back in nigga
Cause a nigga is embarassing us, cuz
So if he come to ya town, you juss happen to snatch that motherfucker off his
Neck or knock that motherfucker off his neck
When I come to your town - shoot it to me, I'mma shoot you the ten stack man
So I can cremate that motherfucker (Cremate that motherfucker!)
Know what I'm saying? That shit bullshit nigga, real talk nigga
All that rich shit nigga, you better stop that nigga
Before I take my tennis shoe money and buy out ya contract fuckboi
Know what I'm talking bout
Real talk nigga my tennis shoe like I said fuck nigga
So anytime you wanna see me in the streets like a man
While you doin' all this popping on these records nigga
Come see me nigga, cause you know what it is nigga
I'll beat your motherfucking ass nigga, that's on everything!
And if any one of you fuck niggas
Even act like you wanna pull some steel nigga - let's get to it!
C.T.E. nigga, fuck your record label, company and your crew nigga
See me in the street nigga
I'm in the club every night nigga
Still poppin' bottles doin' my one-two thang nigga
Huh, what's cracking nigga?
Huh, get at me nigga!
Y'all niggas ain't talking bout shit
Y'all keep cancelling all your shows you making it hard for us to get at you man
We coming to extort you, I mean support you, my bad
Bitch ass nigga, fuck I look like!
I'm grown nigga, and like I said before fuck nigga
It's still 4th Ward bitch! Free Slick Pulla nigga!