(Intro):
And like that (and like that echo) , we gone
Snowman holla at me, I gotchu!

Cause real nigga get money, real back 2!
Real niggas get money
Cause you can never have enough rum

[Verse 1: Young Jeezy]
Look nigga I told y'all, young don't bend
Don't break don't pull out yo fo' dawg
And I'm dumb, mo is less
One stove, one fo' nine hoes nigga tons of stress
Well I'm against all odds that's when I'm at my best
It was me against the world I stuck out my chest
Shit real mayne, a nigga got migraines
But I doubt Tylenol will help my pain
I need some champagne, and a bad bitch
So I can tell her bout the times I ain't had shit
Slow down baby, I'm on the bottle
Paid blood, sweat and tears for the Murcielago
And Lord have mercy, I think I need my soul cleaned...
But imma' stop this party, by any means!
You tell the muthafuckas bring it on!
Now I'm a Real Nigga singin' songs!

[Chorus: Young Jeezy]
Some niggas said I wouldn't make it(wouldn't make it)
And now them niggas can't take it(can't take it)
Shits' real can't fake it
Know what they say, life's only what you make it
(Cuz real nigga's get money) x3

[Verse 2: Young Jeezy]
Why you think this industry hate me?
Niggas can say what they say, I ain't lettin em' play me
These industry niggas play home games
See me? I'm a street nigga dawg we play no games!
I know you never heard it before mayne
This rap shit down, we in worse the dope game
So far gone only God can save us
All the shit I been through, maybe God is crazy?
When all your homies dead or incarcerated
You gotta take the time to thank God you made it
Made it out the streets, nigga must be smarts
Say the nigga so cool he wear shades in the dark
Got on my grind like it was nothin to lose
Then I stay down nigga til' there was nothin to move
You tell the muthafuckas bring it on!
Now I'm a Real Nigga singin' songs!

[Chorus: Young Jeezy]
Some niggas said I wouldn't make it(wouldn't make it)
And now them niggas can't take it(can't take it)
Shits' real can't fake it
Know what they say, life's only what you make it
(Cuz real nigga's get money) x3

[Verse 3: Young Jeezy]
Y'all know I got that dawg in me
Yeah it ain't no secret got that hog in me
Yeah, that's right both greedy and vicious
Ever had a taste of success? It's delicious
Eat the home plate, no time to do the dishes
Too much at stake no time for the bitches
Cuz' when you cased up, they put on they make up
And go and fuck the same nigga that got you cased up
Fuck hoes! Life's a bitch nigga
Who you gon' replace me with? These niggas?
Y'all crazy never seems to amaze me
These nigga's ain't even themselves and I'm crazy?
That's right y'all crazy, if these niggas marry a freak
Then i'm eighty!
You tell the muthfuckas bring it on!
Now I'm a real nigga singin' songs!

[Chorus: Young Jeezy]x2
Some niggas said I wouldn't make it(wouldn't make it)
And now them niggas can't take it(can't take it)
Shits' real can't fake it
Know what they say, life's only what you make it
(Cuz real nigga's get money) x3