[Intro: Rocko]
What move is that?
You work that right? Or you work that left?
You nine to five? Or you work that clock?
You ain't talkin' paper, I ain't got no talk
What the move is?
(Which one you workin?) (x8)

[Verse 1: Rocko]
Ride that work car, bring that work in
See how well her neck work, I'm networking
Ain't gon' tell you bitches what I'm net worthing
I'ont even know, I'on keep score
All on Instagram, comment on my pics
Acting like we that wit' it, I swear you wit' the shits
Smile in my face, talk behind my back
Tried to holla at my bitch, what's up with that?
I'm confused, please, help me understand
Sprinkle yo' salt, damn, thought you was my mans
"Get Played" playing, player, can't play no player
They must didn't tell ya, dropping salt just add flavor

[Hook 1: Rocko]
Ay, tell me this: what move is that?
You work that right? Or you work that left?
You nine to five? Or you work that clock?
You ain't talkin' 'bout money, I ain't got no talk
What the fuck you mean? (Which one you workin?)
Which one you workin? (Which one you workin?) (x7)

[Verse 2: Jeezy]
I been in this bitch so malicious, she twerkin', just me and my partners
We ain't hearin' nothin', we ain't hearin' shit if you ain't talkin' dollars
If you see him with me, he came in here with me, you know he official
He sold all them records, he see 'em big B'ing, he still tote that pistol
My niggas got tan off white, that work, we call it Caucasian
Thanks to my jeweler, he made it, I swear that shit look like a daisy
Rock in that maybach , you know how I do, I pull up in that Rolls
No pedicure ride factory, too busy, no time to do (toews)
That rollie is workin', they call me F. Kennedy, I'm so presidential
That Hublot is workin', it's ten times your mortgage, it's so residential
I'ont pop molly, I pop Forty Four
Fuck Patron, it's Avión if you didn't know

[Hook 2: Rocko]
Ay, tell me this: what move is that?
You work that right? Or you work that left?
You nine to five? Or you work that clock?
You ain't talkin' cash, I ain't got no talk
Which one that is? (Which one you workin?)
Which one you workin? (Which one you workin?) (x7)

[Verse 3: Rocko]
Cell phone, left and right hand
Left for work and friends, right one for only fams
Switch, count that money with my left hand
Stick in my right hand, workin' both
Day time ride sedan, night that coupe
Balenciagas or them Loubs, favorite two
Nigga act like he with us but who is you?
I swear they lyin' through they teeth, tell the truth
All that actin' like you cool but I know
All that pillow talkin' lame, you's a ho
I'm a rap star slash CEO
Maybe that's why they hate me though, I'ont know

[Hook 3: Rocko]
Ay, tell me this: what move is that?
You work that right? Or you work that left?
You nine to five? Or you work that clock?
You ain't talkin' paper, I ain't got no talk
What the move is? (Which one you workin?)
Which one you workin? (Which one you workin?) (x7)