[Hook: Shanghai the Messenger (Killah Priest)]
I've found a star (What's deal god, I heard you got some)
I've found a star (Bad news about Killah Priest, ya know)
I've found a star (Out here, right now it's madness)
Where do we go from here (Things going on, word, shooting up)
After the storm is clear (Lot of cops, ya know what I'm saying)
Where do we go from here (It's madness that's going on in the)
After the storm is clear... (World today, so what I've gotta do is)
(Open up my mind, and then try to, ya)
(Know, take it from there, from what I)
(Can build, ya know what I'm saying?)
('Cause, ain't nobody gonna, nobody gonna)
(Look out for me...)
It's the end of the road, It's like the red moon over Tibet

[Verse 1: Killah Priest]
Theory of the 12 Monkeys, left in this cold war hungry
We kill over blood money, the cops seem to think it's funny
We murder over pennies and crumbs
Plenty of guns, crammed in the city slums
The man pity none for this next millennium
Kids starving when they breath you can see they kidneys and lungs
They left blind, skinny and dumb
Sights far from a pretty one, praying to God, when will he come?
But half of my crew is atheists
While the other half's waiting on a spaceship, I can't take it
Screaming life is what you make it, so called fake-friends
They all snakes in the end, trying to hide they face
Try to blend one mistake, I see them grin
Try to say we of the same kin, because we have the same skin
I live amongst the unholy, we all role weed
Thick as Jamaican rollies until the lords scold me
And told me, you'll be my next Moses
Go sake the hopeless and homeless
With eviction notice arrive like the infant Joseph
With a grudge to Caesar like the blood of Jesus
I told the Judge they don't love us, we don't love 'em either
My sword would drink the blood of an un-believer
My sword would drink the blood of an un-believer
My sword would drink the blood of an un-believer
My sword would drink the blood of an un-believer

[Chorus: Shanghai the Messenger (Killah Priest)]
Where do we go from here (where do we go from here)
After the storm has cleared (after that storm has cleared)
Where do we go from here (like nights over Tibet)
After the storm has cleared...

[Verse 2: Killah Priest]
My home is where the psycho rage
Spending long nights and cold days
Inside a bible cage
Is it the curse of a bible plague?
Welcome, to the cyber age
The air's burning like a microwave
The holy lands sees miles away
I pour out some Alizé
Beneath the skies cause the clouds are gray
Jackals pile the graves of the older slaves
Reptiles arise, from out the caves they invade
The dirt under my nails got a story to tell
I wrestle with angels like Michael L, spending nights in Jail
Beneath the Hell's dungeon, with the drunkards tongue kiss
We all haunted and unwanted
Forgotten city where the air stays hot and misty
I see crack fiends with rotten titties
Twist the top off a whisky, each block is risky
That's why my shots empty, till the cops come and get me
I stay in green camouflage, I see cameras on Mars
All ready to start, scanning our cards
World famine at large, they got us trapped like
Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego
I'm looking for the city of gold, I pity the soul
They take humans and start branding them like food cans
It's like the six points of the hexagram
Resembles the sects of man, all my children in Bethlehem
I dropped the Tec out my hand
Dropped to the earth caressed the sand
Yes I understand now
I heard a voice say, "Come hither"
I walk while others slither, lead me to my father's river

[Shanghai the Messenger] [Killah Priest]
Where do we go from here.. [where do we go]
After the storm has cleared.. [beneath the red moon, skies moan]
Where do we go from here.. [where do we go from here]
After the storm has cleared.. [after the storm is clear]
Where do we go, we go.. [bound man is desolate]
After the storm has cleared, the storm has cleared...
[We love amongst the]
Where do we go, from here, where do we go
[Less infectionate]
After the storm has cleared.. the storm has cleared
[And the separatist]
Where do we go, from here, from here [travel at the end of the]
After the storm has cleared.. [road, looking for the]
Where do we go, away from here [gold, it's like that]
After the storm has cleared.. [honesty, love, peace]
[And happiness..]