[Killah Priest]
[Hook]
In hip-hop I'm a pro-fessional
No questions asked, better check my jewels
From 98 to 2G's, I rule
Killah Priest The Professional..

I build lyrics like a monument
Most dominant, I drop bombs with common sense
The impatant scientist, a perfectionist
A lyrical specialist..
Most affectionate, most merciful
Towards a fool, a thirst for jewels, you know the rules
Migrates, beats efficient, holy as a baby christening
Pure as the river
Once the words are spoken, heavens open
Blow the smoke off the graphics
Rub the tablet, kissed the Earth, I inhabit
Cuz the bastards, that been grafted
Through his maggots
I rocked the lord's silk fabrics
I rest on the holy Sabbath
I have a warrant, for all devils laying dormant
I arrive to cause torment, dark heavens, begins forming
Start brain-storming, invite you in my office
My face begin to metamorphous, I go from gorgeous
Into a fucking tyrannosaurus, scenery is now prehistoric
I'm kicking deadly rhymes with no chorus
Lyrics hovers like flying saucers
Niggas turning to alcoholics, staring up into orbit
Showing all teeth like a walrus, began running through the forest
Lyrics coming with deadly forces..

[Hook x2]

The greatest lyricist known to man, or mankind
Stage host or landmine, come and heal before this ?
Drop a freestyle until I'm old and se-nile
Killings have a brother in the P now, I'm a murderer
To a lyrical burglar, I hit um' in the jugular
I snuff ya, handcuff ya, then I smother ya
I battle rappers by the billions
I battle old folks and small children
Soldiers and civilians, I take on states and countries
I stay hungry, a predator, I bring it to ya on the regular
I give you static like a cellular with dead batteries
Fuck up ya head like a cavity..

In hip-hop I'm a pro-fessional
No questions asked, better check my jewels
From 98 to 2G's, I rule
Killah Priest The Professional..

[Hook]
Killah Priest The Professional..
Killah Priest The Professional..
Killah Priest The Professional.. (Y'all better learn)
Killah Priest The Professional.. (King Mu'tazila)
Killah Priest The Professional.. (Maccabees)
Killah Priest The Professional..
Killah Priest The Professional..

[Outro to Heavy Mental, Movie Sample Begins]
I have written this for you my son, wherever you are
And for your children, and your children's children
It's a poor legacy, but it's all I have..