Chours:
We came a long way but theres so far to go, every time you look up just remember that I love you though. Gotta keep your eyes on the prize. Tell me what you gon' do, when the whole wide world weighs down on you

{Verse 1: Z-Ro}
I've got too much to live for, before the Reaper capture me. Livin in a big ass mansion and doing a song with Master P. Mother fuckers be asking a nigga how do a nigga know about struggling so damn well, but I click and I say "Nigga this ain't no game, Im living the life, walk with a nigga through Hell". What a wonderful way to spend my fucking birthday. Paranoid cuz negative attitudes and 5's gotta nigga ready to murder somebody in the worst way. Eviction notice on the door but the month ain't even much over. And these mother fuckers wonder why Z-ro gotta goddamn chip on his shoulder. Everybody's a critic so give me your thumbs down. Tip me like Im like a butt naked dancer. Your body keep callin but I don't wanna bump and a grind so Im not gon' answer. Cuz I see something wrong. Talking dirty on the phone don't try to tease me bitch, cuz I'd rather be jacking my dick than to be running my shit up in your greasy split. Plus a nigga ain't ever had no family, who the fuck is Joseph McVey? Odd nigga neglected that don't give a fuck, Grandma made me that way. So there ain't no cake on the table, my brothers and sisters are vacant. Im 21 now but will the next one make it? Am I just living to die?

Chorus: We came a long way but theres so far to go, every time you look up just remember that I love you though. Gotta keep your eyes on the prize. Tell me what you gon' do, when the whole wide world weighs down on you

{Verse 2: Z-Ro}
Now I gotta keep my gun loaded, cuz even my family wants me dead and gone. Beaming em up like Scottie with a Glock 9 and the infrared is on. With a fuck you type attitude, punk mother fucker ain't sharing no love with me. Fuck being everybody's punching bag, gotta keep a gauge with double ott slugs with me. Follow me nigga its greedy in the streets mother fucker ain't nobody playing with you. So if you get popped with a Glock better hope somebody been praying for you. That's why I walk by myself, and I talk by myself, and if I get murdered I'd rather be outlined in that chalk by myself. But know I just can't get out of the game, affiliated with thugs. Really should've just took my scholarship instead of selling them drugs. 100 and 70 pounds with a Mac- One Two don't fuck around. With one in the chamber, leaving no remainders when I buck them down. Can I get a witness? Lord please forgive me, Im losing my mind. Visualizing dopers using my nine to take the pain away. Busting at nothing, thinking deeply will I bite the bullet? Fuck it, hoping I'll ride, throw a deuce to the world and pull it Im tired of living to die

Chorus: We came a long way but theres so far to go, every time you look up just remember that I love you though. Gotta keep your eyes on the prize. Tell me what you gon' do, when the whole wide world weighs down on you

{Verse 3: Z-Ro}
Is it reality or just a fable? The most powerful lyricist in the world is on a low budget label. Even if I don't get a million I just wanna be living well. Im not saying that Heaven is promised to me but I don't wanna live in Hell. But I gotta know so cuz too many problems worry me. And if it ain't the stress somebody's always trying to bury me. Im so sick of the undercovers and the dope they try to deal me. Jealousy and envy made my niggas wanna kill me. Every nigga wanna pick up a gun and bust. Thinking artillery finna be drillin me nigga? But Im so sick of this pistol play bumpin, ain't no more killing me nigga. Cuz Im a soldier, trying to keep his mind at ease. And I never seen nothing wrong with making punk mother fuckers bleed. When Im in a zone, all alone, and I barely be taking care of my own. But Im gonna be struggling to make a million till I'm gone. Telling my people through the drama, the good and the bad, Im still gon' love em to death. But if they turn on me I'm gonna love these slugs to the chest, fuck all this living to die

Chorus:
We came a long way but theres so far to go, every time you look up just remember that I love you though. Gotta keep your eyes on the prize. Tell me what you gon' do, when the whole wide world weighs down on you