[Little Kid]
June, you're a genius....

[Baby parody]
Put some respeck on my name, and I ain't gon' say it no mo', haha

[Verse 1]
Y'all thought I was gon' wear them long johns forever
Now I'm a chinchilla nigga; I'm ready for cold weather..
I remember the days when I was havin' no cheddar
Now American and Swiss, Velveeta by the briiiick....
I don't touch my work; it's transported by the biiitch...
The fuck is enough money? Tryna get all I can geeet...
If I piss dirty I go see Jimmy, then I can pisssss...
My lawyer so good my court date is somethin' I can misssss...
When I was on probation, to travel I needed a travel pass
Some white women see me and think we need another ambulance.....
It's unbelievable; see shit I thought I'd never see....
Now I'm exactly what y'all told me I would never beeeee

[Hook (2x) ]
Successful....
Now I be everywhere the private jet go...
Stuck to my money like super glue and velcro...
I'm so glad to see my haters, I'm like, "Hellooooo...."

[Verse 2]
Uhhhhh.... I love walkin' in a crowded room and everybody in it just stops talkin'
When I'm gone they like "How many cars that mutha fuckah got and when did he stop walkin'?"
Wanna see me doin' bad so bad it's a god damn shame...
So jealous they get bitter beer-face when they hear my god damn name...
You better just unball ya fo'head, playa--
I'ma continue to get mo' bread, playa--
Ain't nobody doin' what you tell 'em to do cuz everybody doin' what Z-Ro said, playa...
That's keepin' it real and never be pillow-talkin with these hoes and keep yo' eyes on the nigga next do' and the nigga you let wear yo' clothes....
I'm like Tony Montana when he kept gettin' shot so gimme a little more; I ain't ready to drop...
Every time a nigga hate? I gain more weight
Rich' than a bitch but I'm in the same ol' place:
In ya face, in ya headphones and the TV
I'm breakin' my back and I know I make it look easy
Yeah, it's hard as Hell but I got God in Hell
16 years, I starved for 12 now I'm

[Hook (2x)]
Successful....
Now I be everywhere the private jet go...
Stuck to my money like super glue and velcro...
I'm so glad to see my haters, I'm like, "Hellooooo...."