[Hook]
Im way too fly and way too high
I don’t smoke wet, homie, I am way too dry
Im cooler than a fan in the summer time
You can spend the night with her if she’s one of mine
Im way too fly and way too high
I don’t want that pussy if its way too dry
I’m hotter than stove on three seventy five
I put all my trust in that weapon of mine

[Verse 1: Z-RO]
I’m in a suit I’d rather be in a white tee
So clean dirty niggas wanna fight me
We keep it one hundred is a must not a might be
Spend a couple thousand at the bar, that's how they like me
We tip the scales, yeah, they still wanna indict me
So many vehicles it’s hard to find the right key
Ho, I’m the man how the fuck you don’t want me?
Difference between being one deep and lonely....
Yeah bitch I’m still stomping in my gator shoes
You can sit still and chill, I ’ma make a major move
If it ain't about money, I got nothing to say to you
Smile, bitch, cuz I ain't even charging you to lay with you

[Hook]

[Verse 2: R-RO]
Yeah, fourth quarter I’m on the way, what it do mac
Seven hundred dollars just to tell me what it do back
I was in that blue-blue, he was in that blue-black
Pharmacy in the car-- but ya’ll already knew that...
Good weed, good drank, big money, man....
Big money bracelet, big money chain....
And a real hoe love when big money rain
Lil wayne, that’s my homie; I am big money wayne
Forget about the jokester(?) like that...
Damn think I lost my holster... [pistol in my lap]
When put my goon hand on ya [you been dippin' in my sack]
I ain’t in the studio, I’m in the kitchen whipping crack

[Hook]

[Verse 3: R-RO]
Hold up, I’m young enough for young broads to wonder where Z-Ro at
On the other hand I’m throwback like Bobby Womack
Just left the kush man, already gotta go back
Twenty minutes later, "Kush Man, where my smoke at?"
Uh, I’m pimp C up in this mother fucker
Bet ain't nobody gon' pimp me up in this mother fucker...
I don’t even need a key up in this mother fucker
If you ain’t real, you ain’t gon' be up in this mother fucker
Corey Mo on the track, your head bobbing, huh?
Ya’ll lucky I rap, if not I’d probably be robbing ya
Ho, you wanna leave? I ain’t stopping ya
I don’t like ya anyway, that’s why a rider never been on top of ya

[Hook]