[Intro]
PG County Police! Get your hands above your fuckin' heads!

[Verse 1: IDK]
Stick a middle-class kid in a bad school and that's me (hi)
The bad apple that dangled up on the fam's tree
Ballin' to be like 2K, no Raz B
My fruit been forbidden, you niggas ain't gotta ask Eve
The first one in my family to see the
Penitentiary when I shoulda been seein' C's, B's
A's too, mama and Martin just wasn't able
To keep me studyin' history in their teepee
Where the hoes at? Yeah, and not the navajos
Skippin' Spanish with your bitch like vámonos
At night, hit the lick with the toasty toast
Hit the alley, then I hit 12 with the okie doke (haha)
You'll never catch me (ha,) you'll never catch me
My description was a 5'9" nigga with mild acne
Ski mask, coat and boots make me look like a tall athlete
So they lose every time that they thinkin' they 'bout to bag me

[Chorus: IDK]
We (yeah)
We don't give a fuck about you (right)
Your homie on your block'll get it too (woo!)
You little motherfuckers ain't gangster
They know you (right)
Don't make me put a hit out on you (bop, bop, bop)
Don't make me and my niggas come through (yeah)
You little motherfuckers ain't gangster, they know

[Bridge: Swizz Beatz]
Goddammit!
Press your life, how the fuck you feel? (Oh)
I ain't have to do it but I did it still (woo)
What I'm s'posed to do? Call God now? (Right)
What I'm s'posed to do? Call God now? (Yeah)
Press your life, how the fuck you feel? (Woo!)
I ain't have to do it but I did it still (oh)
Oh you actin' hard now? (Oh)
Oh you actin' hard?

[Verse 2: IDK & Swizz Beatz]
Oh goddamn, yes the hell I am
I'ma run up in your house just to say I can
Tell a ho that I love her when the shit ain't true
When I hit, she my bitch when she think she my boo
That's fucked up, I know, but fuck that, I'm grown
I used to hit it in the kitchen when my mama not home
That's messed up, I'm tryna right my wrongs
But I'm sorry, them same wrongs help me write this song
Okay, runnin' halls, runnin' school, runnin' home, runnin' pockets, gang gang (oh!)
Runnin' church, mama say I don't even pay attention anyway (real)
After church, call the clique, smoke the spliff, hit the lick, split the shit
Take this check, buy some kicks, man it's it, yeah that's it (right)
Told my job that I quit, huh, tell the truth, I got fired, huh
Boss said I had a warrant, huh, I said, "You a liar", huh
Check my voicemail prior, huh, guess who the shit was from, huh
Third District sayin', "Turn yourself in now 'cause we got the gun"

[Chorus: Jay IDK & Swizz Beatz]
We (oh!)
We don't give a fuck about you
Your homie on your block'll get it too
You little motherfuckers ain't gangster (right)
They know you (oh!)
Don't make me put a hit out on you (oh!)
Don't make me and my niggas come through (woo!)
You little motherfuckers ain't gangster, they know