[Intro]
(You have 10 minutes remaining on this call)
You, know, no evil, no flaws, your evil on pause
My evil don't go, go, go
I, leave, my shoes at the door, no mud on the floor
Unless my mama ain't home, home, home
I, clean, after myself when I flaw, I leave no messes at all
I hope she don't leave her keys on the shelf
And come back to see the mess on her floor
And see my shoes on her rug
When they should be at the door, door, door

[Verse 1]
I was supposed to be a doctor or somethin'
Honor roll like my auntie and cousins
But instead, I was a robber or somethin'
'Til they caught me red handed like my arm in the oven
"Goddamn Jay, do you do anything right?"
"Goddamn Jay, you could barely read or write"
"Goddamn Jay, you never ever get good grades"
"Goddamn Jay, you could barely pass fifth grade"
That's what my momma would say
And it would eat at my mind, I used to think all the time
"If I could be a good boy, she'd probably love me a lot"
The only time I felt loved was when I went down the block
Across the street from the house, just down the street from the shop
That's where the bad boys hung, your momma said don't go
But I would go anyway, that's where I felt at home (felt home, felt home, felt home)
(5 minutes remaining)

[Chorus]
No wonder my life went down, down, down
Down, down, down, down
Down, down, down, down, down, down
No wonder my life went down, down, down
Down, down, down, down
Down, down, down, down, down, down, down

[Bridge]
Did you go around the block by the shop? (No)
Was that you with the boys throwing rocks? (No)
Was that your friend on the news that I saw? (No)
Was that your name spray painted on the wall? (No)
Did you go around the block by the shop? (No)
Was that you with the boys throwing rocks? (No)
Was that your friend on the news that I saw? (No)
Was that your name spray painted on the wall? (No)

[Verse 2]
(One minute remaining)
We gettin' it and we gon' make it
And they gon' hate it and I'm his favorite
I can't deny it, I'm a straight rider
But when we get together be electric slidin', grandma
Bumping in my headphones
On the way to school on a school bus
Where the cool ones, usually the "act a fool" ones
And the new ones, usually the ones they pick on
That was me, the whole class used to laugh at me
They use to say "get away from Jay, he an African
And everybody knows that them Africans stink"
A booty scratcher that never scratched on my ass differently
Than a regular human with itchy cheeks
Got me like "fuck this elementary
And if I had a knife, I'd probably cut this elementary
My grades been fucked since the first grade
And that ain't 'bout to change so your honor roll will never mention me
And momma ain't never gon' love me"
The reason why she come home after work and never hug me
That's the shit that'll make your life feel forever ugly
So I covered up my face with this ski mask
Bet the hoes gon' love me with my ski mask
But when my ass got caught, everybody went ghost
But the one that I used to think hated me the most
I love you momma

[Bridge 2]
(30 seconds remaining)
Did you need a couple dollars on your books? (Yeah)
Do you have enough covers on your bunk? (Yeah)
Do your cell mates give you any problems?
If they do, what's the jailhouse number? I'ma call 'em (no)
Do you understand what I was tryna say? (Yeah)
Oh now you understand what I was tryna say (yeah)
But even though you make me mad and never listen
You my baby and I'm still gon lo-

[Outro]
(This call has ended, goodbye.)