[Verse 1: Jay IDK]
I think she blocked me
The block usually blue but now the block green
She text me every time she had a few drinks
I text her back but she never reply
I think she blocked me
I know she blocked me
Cause every time I call its only one ring
And then a voicemail and then I hang up
I wish I only wanted her for one thing
I wish I knew the difference between a groupie and girl
I wish I didn't think that she was number one in my world
I wish I didn't think that she would be the one for the ring
I wish I didn't wish that she would be the one when it rings
But instead its a bill collector, how funny is that?
Funny enough to probably make me cry instead of a laugh
But I'm a guy I don't cry I sigh or maybe a gas
But that's the most that you will ever get from out of my ass
Why did she block me? Why did she block me?
The block usually blue but now the block green
All I see is blues, its like I'm boxing
And got hit in the eye I'm such a mockery
All of my friends laughing, they like I...

[Verse 2: Femdot]
Told you nigga, I tried to warn you nigga
She Dikembe with blocking you exhausted your options
I mean I really don't wanna help you, if we being honest
Cause I done told you man, its not you man, she the problem
I'ma break it down like this
Shit, hitting cool, but find out what makes 'em smile and sick
What makes 'em laugh, what makes 'em cry, find out what makes 'em tick
Cause if you find out they emotions, find out how they live
Shit everybody's insecure, that's (?)
We'll both fall down if you move an inch
You move the bit, now she took the a mile and ran with it
And I'll be damned if you chase on that while she scandalous
She got you trippin' out here dryer then Los Angeles
When opposite December hit, I mean gonna handle this
Like damn here we go again, maybe I'm just trippin'
But I told you not to mess with shorty from the beginning
My nigga so live with it...

[Verse 3: Jay IDK]
I think she blocked me
And that's the shit that makes me turn to stalking
I walk inside of her house wearing a stocking and (Beep)...

[Outro: Brian Arsinal]
Mr. Mills, this is Brian Arsinal, giving you a call back. You have a past due balance of $243 dollars and 68 cents. You have been given 2 extensions and you've requested a third one. I'm just gonna go ahead and be honest with you, a third extension is out of the fucking question, okay. $243 funky, fuckin' dollar... I can understand 30,000, right. Nobody just walks around with that much money on 'em but 243 bucks is fuckin' pathetic. Here's an idea. Why don't you call whoever this diamond bitch is that keeps poppin' up on your call history and ask her to fund you the money until you get your first advance? Give me a call back