[Zombie Juice]
I been here, you been where
Life ain't sweet, no beach chair
Arc dropping samples, gotta clear air
Still hustle everyday, like there's no care
I pray everyday, too much sin
Niggas at the top, soon fallin
Man, I got nothin to lose
Probably be on front page bringing up the old ways
Fuck your major corporations, the government they rapists
Don't matter where you're from, grab your motherfuckin' gun
When they run up in your crib, spray em down like it's fun
And they don't give a fuck if we living in hell
As long as they can make money off of motherfuckin tales
From Kanye to Kimmy, Chris Brown, Rihanna
They wanna see us lose, our relationships are ???
When niggas in the hood, ain't got no fuckin shoes
Nah, we smarter, we gotta change the game
It's our fuckin world, it's time to make the claim
Bang bang

[Bodega Bamz]
100 keep it, I live, die by my own hands
Somebody bodyin me is not in my program
It's ironic that I called my code[?] Lohan
Spank a young nigga till he turn into a grown man
And I'm not a grown man, got nothing to prove
Buck 50 on pretty face, I got money to lose
I got bitches to choose from
And please no hickeys bitch that's rule 1
My baby mother wild, me and my 10 boys pow-wow
At the round table check your cell phones
40 cals, my Glock never on safety
Nigga never played me, nigga never robbed me
Bullet never grazed me, whassup ho?
I'mma give you what you need
Some hard dick and coke, i'mma put up in yo asshole
It's ironic they want beef with the cash cow[?]
I'm trying to get in this motherfucker and cash out
A couple bottles of brown water
When the sun up, papi pass out
Cold as ice, anty up when we mash out
Homie that's real talk, raised on Baltic Ave
Now I walk the bro walk[???]

[Meechy Darko]
Posin for photos, pistol in hand
Collar open like Han Solo, who rolled 6 grams
Don't even pass us ??????
9 in yo chest, 9 in yo spine, Tony Romo
My liquor dark, my bitches light
Pussies a homo[?]
I'm from the ghetto where we recycle our paper plates
And everybody got a relative upstate
Nigga I'm talking gel[?] upstate, not a crip[?] upstate
Hawk tyres tyring[?] rather you duct tape
Or I could fibre wire them, extended clips are my specialty
Especially when aimed at enemies with benefits
Ain't got a license for my whip, or my weaponry
But fuckin niggas still ride out for them presidents
But only for Franklin, Benjamin
Gun butt ya, cut ya, I snuff ya with that snub nose
I'm robbing every local deli for molly
And pronto ?????? pop a molly, I just pop a tab
Open a bag of dat maui wowie, roll it take a drag
[?????]
Won't ever stop me, zombies on yo ass
Most of these niggas is carbon copies
Harlem get the cash, [???]
I like my head sloppy, bitch

[Bodega Bamz]
I got a girl, but I really need a wife at home (4x)
I'm gone