[Intro]
Sample that please
I can't lie, I've been waiting a long time to talk some shit
Cannot lie about that
(Flah)
Peace(x7)
I've been waiting a long time

[Verse 1: Erick Arc Elliot]
I'm always on my grind
Cliche is this line
My growth is like a tumor but thank God it was benign
And I'm loyal to my birth
Excuse me when I flur (flur)
But I want us both in heaven, I just hope he sees me first
Not shallow but I care
My vision was impaired
This rapper sona' got me judgin' everything I wear
From the clothes, to the hoes, to the rags and the riches
I suppose I got a whole set of swag for the bitches (ahh)
And I said I wouldn't change but I did let me live
I forgive you, so please don't bother to make this an issue
Unless this is front cover of the Forbes ya' short a million dollar mind
I could barely call it a law
Women I can't afford
I make her stand by the door
So I can hit it from afar I got stamina girl
There's nothing nice, I pay the price
I change your life, so precise, I cut ya' twice
Give me your slice of that good shit

[Chorus x2]
Come inside, You decide, what's the height, this is church God
I never cared about a vice
On my own son
I got my own of bill of rights when the law come
Fuck around and say good life, nigga

[Verse 2: Erick Arc Elliot]
Pastor touched boys
Pop called the kettle black
I ain't been to church since 18
But what the fuck is that?
If a rude awakening cus' I ain't gotta play the cause
My (ZOMBIE) niggas do it to maneuever through that hate of blood
Journalist, herbalist, is the mantras
How you feel sky peeling when I ponder
Genocide, recognize art I inherit
Ghetto eyes, spiritual lies, mind body spirit
Superseded all
Sit beside my ghetto dream
How can you pay prestige when the streets is all I seen (all I seen)
In my dreams, they will sell my soul
Now satisfy with peace, the only peace they want is home
I remedy the envy, I pray it's, on we pray on
At heart I'm still a child
I wrote this rhyme and grade the crayon
Produced it like a sayon
Layed this beat with kaydons
Made this beat when faded
I can't see you with my ray-bans

[Chorus x2]
Come inside, You decide, what's the height, this is church God
I never cared about a vice
On my own son
I got my own of bill of rights when the law come
Fuck around and say good life, nigga

[Verse 3: Erick Arc Elliot]
Graduation day
You get the paper that says your gonna make it baby
Drivin' your Mom's Mercedes
Knowledge of higher Hades, I've been on the blow too
Cannot identify with yourself with your own crew
Breakin' down the barriers to build them
Then we make the credit so forget it you can build them
Momma save the children
I sponsor all the conscious creations under the real son
It's like you made dreams just so you can kill them

[Outro]
They only want to help one another
Human beings are like that
We want to live by each other's happiness
Not by each other's misery
We don't want to hate and despise one another
In this world there's room for everyone
And the good earth is rich
The way of life can be free and beautiful
Greed has poisoned men's souls
Has ? the word with hate
Has ? stepped us into misery and blood shed
How our knowledge has made a cynical
Of cleverness heart and unkind
We think too much, and feel too little

We all want to help one another. Human beings are like that. We want to live by each other’s happiness - not by each other’s misery. We don’t want to hate and despise one another. In this world there is room for everyone. And the good earth is rich. The way of life can be free and beautiful. Greed has poisoned men’s souls, has barricaded the world with hate, has goose-stepped us into misery and bloodshed. Our knowledge has made us cynical. Our cleverness, hard and unkind. We think too much and feel too little

[Outro x2]
I be been having dreams
They will sell my soul
Satisfy peace, the only peace they want is home