Everybody ... wants that breakthrough Kanye West track ... everybody ... this is mine
(Chorus)
I got into my brain though I had it locked away
I know I'm not forever but I know I got today
Was never given money for some Gators or some Crocs
I've learnt that there's no use of complaining to my pops
My momma's all I got, so I ? till I rock

(First verse)
My story's like a song that go heated through my apron
From the highest elevator to the basement
I let the bass swarm after church service
A verse with such purpose making all your folks nervous
I dreamed
Never was surprised that I see
Puffin mad L's that cured eyes with Visine
You rockin' with those lames I was vibin' on the train
Dont listen to the new shit cause they soundin' all the same
As far as I can think of I was always on the mission with it
Im never settled Im just changin my position with it
Guaranteed to sell it, but Erick's no Magelan
Everybody's got it tailored just depends on how you sell it
They follow me in form
They got it by the storm
That's when I turn up the heat to show the kind of shit Im on
As long as I, get to right what I consider wrong
Im hatin that you do it but we gotta get along man

.... Cause Im tired of arguing .. for real
Just rap man, just rap .. Dont worry about me

(Chorus) x1

(Second Verse)

Should I really tell a story about how this all started
My knowledge kept me balanced and my interest kept me guarded
I used to draw pictures of me on the bonnaville
Let my words draw thoughts of something that they gotta feel
My talents raw , AIM i was logging on
Had to learn to refrain from what I thought was wrong
? with my bad credit charged it to the game
Cause when my uncle passed I thought Id never feel the same
To see him go , his life knows it wasn't worth the pain
And through the draught Prince showed me how to purple rain
And so I danced with the word play, woke up late for school
Held a ransom on Thursday, momma raised a fool
So Im handsome the girls say .. when they call me suave
Cause Im light skinned but now the other pigments do the job
A new cassette tape to kick around until I lose it
Earbuds on my ? , dawg got peddle music