Swamp Fever - Erick Arc Elliot

[Intro]
Shout out my nigga Jaad one time

[Verse I]

Ill state of mind got me lost, but I thank ya (uh)
Weight on my neck. Not a cross, but an anchor (uh)
Buried in my guilt six feet but I shank ya
I rose from the dead. Pull your card like a banker. (Huh?)
Bloodsucker. Mafuckin’ monster. Jury no verdict. A nigga still conquer. (That’s right.)
Always picked the wolf when I played up Contra
Now up in the wolves’ den. I’m all up in the concert (rrrr)!
Everyday is Tuesday, Monday or Wednesday
Rock Pac. Cheese. Blue Jeans. You comprende? (Ok!)
Fuck what your friends say. All of that is heresay. (Uh-huh.)
Truth is  amongst us. Blind cause we in vain
Like a drug, dick got addicted. Pardon my diction. I don’t do drugs but I love my addiction
Wealth, (Wealth). Stealth, (Stealth). I comply with wealth (wealth)
That’s that sour D(D). Oooh. Lovin’ how it smells
Got trees in my eyeballs (eyeballs)
Take a puff. So froze til the time pause (time pause)
You didn't know, I compose like the Mein Kampf (Mein Kampf)
Original. But you won’t so I never go broke cause I fix shit
Who am I to bitch? (Who?) Jaad up in the mix (ah). I wrote this rhyme way before LeBron won his ship
So the heat that I return is earn through my aura. I got a rapport of awesomeness
I floss all the chips

[Hook] x 2
Left town and I never come back again
Do it all for the love of drug trafficking
Left town (left town)
Left town (left town)
Get on (get on)
Get down (get down)

[Verse II]

Since seventeen I’ve been gaining momentum through my mental
My mind has never been this rugged, but fuck it you got to love it. (I love it.)
I paint the world with dust (dust). I know it’s God we trust (trust)
But who am I though? Criticize me. I am he. Still believe in everything that I dream now
With a premeditated or written sound. Get down (get down)
Fill the glove like I’m OJ. Bronco
Meech told me no way. Paper and Fronto
Feeling good. No wait, I’m feeling great
Got a bad bitch in my lap from out of state. I love her face. (Oof!)
I’m doing this on your city (city). I’m packing my best girls with me
If you niggas don’t have a clue. I gotta do what I gotta do
Quick change and you lames are just shit stains (shit stains)
Hypebeast rap bro I gotta kick game (kick game)
I never talked much now I got the big fame (big fame)
Cameras flash in my eyes like they tits man
Rap game fucked up with the big change (big change)
Same flows, same homes, play the same game (same game)
As far as I’m concerned you niggas have the same name
Ask my nigga big, I guarantee you he say the same thing

[Hook] x 2
Left town and I never come back again
Do it all for the love of drug trafficking
Left town (left town)
Left town (left town)
Get on (get on)
Get down (get down)