[VERSE 1: Erick Arc Elliot]
Wake up in the morning, look my nigga I can't recall it
She's a ho, so usually I leave used condoms in the toilet
(It's mutual, I can promise, you used to enroll in college)
(Now she) rollin' my chronic, (now me) that gin and tonic
See I often may spark that haze (spark that haze), keep it goin' like (all the way)
Got an old soul, don't love the po-po, shorty ride good like she sittin' (on bulls)
Look yo best when you got (no clothes), what's a pimp nigga without (no hoes)?
What's jewelery without rappers? (rappers, rappers, rappers, rappers, rappers ...)

[HOOK: Erick Arc Elliot]
Don't give a damn about your money, don't give a damn about your new car
Nigga I'm frying, flying, nigga I'm righteous where you are
Nigga I'm gone, I don't know my way home, so stuck in the zone
It's no doubt, it's no doubt

[BRIDGE: Erick Arc Elliot]
Throw your hands, throw your hands, throw your hands, throw your hands up if you're feeling it! x2


[VERSE 2: Erick Arc Elliot]
Tippin' all the right strippers, from L.A. but she like clippers
I'm a Knicks fan, I'm insistent, but somehow we are always coexistin'
When the batteries' depleted in my dish man I would hit the corner store and buy a bowl of shipment
Dollar for the pack, I ain't ever slang crack, double-As were the fix, double-Ds were her tits
Who could say jealousy and greed don't mix? Who could say they're ever redeemed [?]
From the era where cops never detox, walk the streets in belief, you don't need locks
Cars on the blocks need paint jobs, and my niggas need Jah, fifteen Gs is like fifty Gs to a nigga
So I need to deliver but I'm out for the deez, brought a quart of water and an ounce of the (trees)

[HOOK]

[BRIDGE]

[OUTRO: Erick Arc Elliot / ??]
From the rocks of Plymouth, from 2Pac to Grimace
Life is endless, stupendous
Tremendous, life is endless
Your friend is mine
Intertwine, vocabulary divine
Lyrical manslaughter, master, superior
King, queen, everything

*...lookin' at me crazy, would you do me a favor? Take your phone out, text all your exes, and say I'm at church, "F" you! Forgive you, for lying on me, and talkin' about me. "Pastor, my momma don't like you!" Well "F" yo momma! "My family don't like you!" Well "F" your family too! You know what? Jump on your feet, snap your fingers, say "'F' everybody in here!!"*