[Intro]
R.I.P. to my big brother Two
2 Cups

[Verse One]
We the realest niggas ‘round here
Reportin’ live from the Pole, where it’s cold
If he ain’t from the Pole where it’s cold, don’t come down here
Just come ‘round here, get found here
Another body turn his mommy smile to frown here
I’m gettin’ tired of this lifestyle
That 30 with me, ain’t nobody tryna fight now
Applyin' pressure, not a nigga up in sight now
Up the pipe on him, make a goofy nigga pipe down
That ice on me, bling blow, they be like: “Wow!”
It’s time to turn up, nigga, no mo' Mr. Nice Guy
I don’t pop molly really, but today, I might try
They took my big brother Mensa, I’m thinkin' like: “Why?”
Was it the money?
Was it the cars?
Was it the way he was stunting, was he flexing too hard?
Was it the way he was finessing, tryna stack or starve?
‘Cause every time he see a nigga, wanna hear some bars
Like: “Pappy, you go harder than [?] your father!”
Your mamma, your mom mamma, never knew my pop father
Was one of the only niggas condoning in my drama
So if you gon’ smoke for me, I want you to pour for me up two

[Chorus]
For my big brother Two
‘Cause, man, that nigga had the juice
They lookin’ at me, like: “Shoot!”
I’m lookin' at ‘em, like: “Who?”
The fuck you think I’m finna do?
You think I’m finna stop now?
Boy, hell nah, I’m gon’ blow
‘Cause he’d the same thing for me
I’d do the same shit for bro
I catch a opp and I'ma score
'Cause niggas know and bitches know
(Let’s go!)

[Verse Two]
Nigga, I’m rollin' through my city, nigga, all I see is crime
Everybody say they know me, nigga, everybody lying
And ain’t nobody lane checking, everybody driving
And everybody poled up, so everybody firing
Better get a gun!
Boy, they say P.B.G. them niggas, they ain’t been for none
I keep it on me, on my homie, I ain’t finna run
Concealed up in my Gucci belt, I tote the biggest gun
So if a nigga run up on me, I'ma get ‘em done
My flow tighter than virgin vagina
I’m tellin’ them: “I'ma make it!”
They lookin' like: “No liar!”
I’m leaning just like a Cholo, ain’t talkin' ‘bout Flo Rida
These rappin’ niggas is sweet, I’m just fiendin' for more cider
From the city the murder capital everybody know about
Money, hoes, dope, I can’t go without
And they got the nerve to tell me I’m a motor mouth
But all this shit I rap about, my team and ‘nem gon’ go about
So I'ma ball hard until the day that I get slaughtered
And shout out to them hitters that be still thuggin' on Lawrence
And nigga, I ain’t stoppin' ‘till the day I’m in a coffin
And my shirt, it say “Pink Dolphin”
Hoes up on me, get 'em off me now
I can look in your eyes and tell you fake, homie
Fuckin’ his main bitch, that’s ‘posed to be your main homie
It been them same Ten Year niggas that done changed on me
Boy, you must be talkin’ to the Jakes, you acting strange, homie
Where the trust at?
Where the love at?
I’ll give up all of my money to get 2 Cups back
I need some dope, I need some bud, where is Bud at?
No swimming pool for the liquor, where the flood at?
He front-center, look at the camera, and there go Mensa
Say: “Niggas know!”
He point his fingers like they gon' remember
I take ring off, been gettin' money right off my dinner
Just to let bro ‘nem I remember that day in December, too!

[Chorus]
They take my big brother Two
And, man, that nigga had the juice
They lookin' at me, like: “Shoot!”
I’m lookin' at ‘em, like: “Who?”
The fuck you think I’m finna do?
You think I’m finna stop now?
Boy, hell nah, I’m gon’ blow
‘Cause he’d the same thing for me
I’d do the same shit for bro
I catch a Dale and it’s score
'Cause niggas know and bitches know
You gon’ remember for life!