[Verse: Charron]
5 G's and they think I'm gettin' paid now
Had to use my own dollar, make my way down
Thirteen-hour trips 'til my fucking brain pound
5 AM, and I'm still on the Greyhound
Scarin' people, Tarantino insane
Cane nose like Django, I'mma leave 'em unchained
Searching for a shotgun in New York
I should probably scope out another food court
Chewing rappers to the point I need a new fork
Gotta get a partner, battle rap is now a group sport
5 G's ain't enough, put a price on it
Sign a suicide note, put your life on it
Take a picture of your throat with a slice on it
Upload Facebook, get a thousand fucking likes on it!
OG status, battling a grown man
Smoked-meat sandwich if these rappers claim they go H.A.M
Show these actors that I actually am dope, man
Smoked three rappers who the crack up in a Coke can
People got jealous when I did a tour with Whoo
Everybody claiming that they done more than you
Virgin jokes, you don't know what Corey do
I stopped counting after 42
Now I wanna tattoo these knuckles on a couple of faces
Stuff changes when they think of you as someone that's famous
Wildin', on the mic, bringin' terror on
Goin' off the top 'til my fucking hair is gone
Dodge a pair of bombs while I jog a marathon
And leave the Boston bomber brothers buried in their parents' lawn!
Rock a stage 'til they claim I'm Frank Sinatra fresh
Talk a lot of game that'll make your baby mama stress
Knocking out these haters if they claiming that I'm not the best
Bottle up my anger, I should probably date Rihanna next
The spotlight's the type of shit Corey likes
It's weird that my biggest fear's to live a normal life
I don't even care if I get huge off this
Long as I don't have to work up in a huge office
Use profits to put my kids through college
Kicking so much knowledge that I need to get some shoe polish
Never catch me rap about the bars I'm buyin' out
Only tip I have for a stripper is, "Turn your life around!"
5 AM, never been to bed before
Memorizin' set of metaphors 'til my head is sore
Everybody trying to talk when I get a tour
If we haven't spoke in three years, we ain't friends no more!
Wanna judge me? Maybe you should get to know me better
Fell in love once, it's almost like I don't remember
Frozen ever since you left me in that cold December
Starin' at a batch of pills like, "Baby, we could go together!"
Y'all are watchin' Corey as he run away
But I guess that's a story for another day
Back to all these rappers that are sending me pathetic lines
While my two cents'll put pennies on your petty eyes
Internet gangsta, saying that you let it fly
Claiming that we out here, but you never step outside
You don't say shit, it's multis up in every line
Why do your hooks sound the fucking same every time!?
Go ahead, you can claim you have better rhymes
Have fun playing sets for 25 sweaty guys!
It's the same song, nothing's gonna happen
All rappers rap about is how good they are at rapping!
I'm trying to make music that'll fucking speak to you
In your darkest moment, when nobody's there to be with you
Write a catchy song that'll fucking creep on you
Get your girl dancing while she motherfucking cheats on you!
Takin' out your crew, now I'm just kill-streaking
5 AM, guess that they still sleeping
Don't stop, every ounce I deserve
Keep talking; success speaks louder than words!