Impersonating the greats from the motherfucking 6 side
Taking my greatness worldwide
Fresh off the plane, I've been around the world
Deadly like the Harlem Globetrotters, with one finger curled
Too many passports to retrace my steps
Lifestyle or security, you don't even need to guess
Shit. The strangers encroach
Load the gold chambers while the enemies approach

Lost em through the gates, so fast I don't need skates
My dust is gold and crimson, I'm the man who's always late
Call me Eddie Dean, the future Gunslinger
Born a breadwinner, earning myself a chicken dinner
Even when I'm bare, brace yourselves. Beware
A knife wound to ya clock for each time you didn't care
Shit. Got hunters on my trail
Turn this car around before we're turned to human braille

Lost em on the bends, ditched the ride as earth ascends
Mountains dressed in Black, time for Walt to meet his end
Dressed like Bruce Wayne, the true alter ego
Lookin like a million, but feelin like a pico
Grinding to the billion, I know it ain't the peak though
Success shifting perspectives, got me living in a Peep Show
Whoop. That's the sound of the feds
Find the nearest cover before we're ripped to bloody shreds

Ditched em through the caves like I ditched the broken glaive
Saved my broken heart like a dive by Spanish Dave
Numero uno. Soy el mejor en todo mundo
Yo soy el Seis Dios, la oracion es rotundo
Expect the unexpected, I admit I'm schizophrenic
A part of me's like Hova and the rest of me's like Kendrick
This. Dick. Ain't. Free
I guess I've got a breather, time to load my Desert E

Down to my last 6, sent a prayer to my God
To conquer these stalking demons, the inner voice that I'm a fraud
Trying to outshine It, knock the dark out of alignment
Virgil days over, Great Escape from the confinement
Finally growing up, I'm 2 years behind
What I wouldn't give for the Speedforce to Rewind
Bo. Selecta
Stacking stacks on stacks, just call me the collecta

With knowledge on the cards, now I'm collecting hearts
Priorities taking direction from a good day at the darts
Mind so fickle you can see I'm losing focus
Daydreaming of the hocus, losing myself and my locus
Eyes always on the Tower but the path to it is hopeless
And the J's got me wondering who's the target of my hope's lust
Ka. And my fate has come
Two bullets through my soul, the hunters' deed is done

Boom. Guess who's back?
The pulse emitting signals, I'm Back in Black
My watch far from over, more Graham than Snow
Got the world behind me, not a one-gun show
It's the throwback season, to before my first death
It's the comeback season; it's like I never left
It's the quarterback season, so kneel before your faith
It's my lifelong reason to overcome this wraith
An inner battle for survival and who knows who'll come out on top?
Am I Detta or Odetta? Can I win before the drop?
Got enemies, no energy, inside but I can't swap
Time to exorcise these feelings before my consciousness goes pop
Time to finally prove the wonder, time to finally disprove the flop
Time to finally reach the Tower, so my time to shine won't stop