[Phone rings]
Josh Smith: Man, who's tryna call me right now, man, I'm just tryna...  sigh... Hello?
Preston Corral: What's goin' on?
Josh Smith: Hey, what's up man! How are you doing?
Preston Corral: Good, good, nothing much!
Josh Smith: Yeah, whatchu up to?
Preston Corral: Just chillin' right now...
Josh Smith: That's cool, that's cool. I'm actually in the studio right now
Preston Corral: Oh, whatcha doing?
Josh Smith: Oh you know I'm just chilling, working on some stuff
Preston Corral: Oh that's cool dude I was just rapping in the studio [the other] day!
Josh Smith: Oh for real? Did you have anyone record it or anything?
Preston Corral: Yes I did actually
Josh Smith: Oh sweet, can you send that over to me real quick?
Preston Corral: No problem, right here!
Josh Smith: Alright, hold on, let me... let me go check it.... Uh... did you send it yet? Oh, nope, it's right here, alright cool. Uh, let's see...

[Josh puts on Preston's “0 to 100” freestyle]

Josh Smith: Oh Preston!
Preston Corral: There we go!

[Verse 1: Preston Corral]
Let’s start off with a small introduction about myself
My name is Preston Corral people thinking I’m from the south
Well I’m not (Ooh)
Straight up West Coast (Okay Preston...)
Alright I’m done with this
Now not my rap, cuz that would be delirious
You're making me furious
For me personally, I don’t wanna be teaching this shit
The people should already know by now how I do my shit
It’s nothing much, you just got to be clutch
With what you put in and what you get out
And once it’s all over you’ll know what it’s about
It’s just a simple rap game, but don’t go too crazy
Cuz you’ll go insane, inhumane, I’m just keeping it Plain Jane
Nothing special, don't be keeping it confidential if you got potential
Don’t be quitting it just like that
All in all, this is where I have to end my simple little rap

[Interlude: Josh and Preston]
Josh Smith: Hahaha, oh man!
Preston Corral: Oh, yeah! (Yeah, baby! That was only a preview right there! Let's bring it down now...)
Josh Smith: Dude, that was nice!
Preston Corral: That's how I do!
Josh Smith: Haha, yeah, that's crazy...
Preston Corral: Let me hear what you got right now!
Josh Smith: What I got? Man, you--
Preston Corral: Yeah, what you got dawg!
Josh Smith: I mean I don't want to embarrass you or anything cuz, you know...
Preston Corral: What?! Embarrass me?!
Josh Smith: I mean I'm pretty good at freestyle!
Preston Corral: Alright, let me hear it!
Josh Smith: Alright, man, well you asked for it! Let's see... I'm just gonna... throw on... wh-what beat should I put on?
Preston Corral: Pound Cake
Josh Smith: Pound...*snort* By Drake?
Preston Corral: By Drake!
Josh Smith: Oh snap! Alright, alright, hold on! Uh, let me go find it real quick... Uh, let's see... Pound Cake, Pound Cake, Pound Cake... Hear we go, here we go! Mmmm...

[Josh puts on “Pound Cake” instrumental]

Josh Smith: Yeah... Ha, I love this beat man...
Preston Corral: Okay!
Josh Smith: Cash rule everything around me, C.R.E.A.M.... Alright, let's see what I got here... Cash rule everything around me... Mmmm... Alright, look...

[Verse 2: Josh Smith]
Yeah, in the building, man, you know I’ma kill it
I spit the truth, man, my thoughts are the realest
Threw on Drake track so people could feel it
Wrapped my thoughts around my head with the fitted
That’s my thinking cap, I swear I’ve been to hell and back
Hold on, I’m getting too deep, let me run it back
This just beat make me wanna get emotional
But its life, and sometimes that’s the way you’re supposed to go
Real talk, heart ticking like a stopwatch
I make bangers, don’t mistake my words for a Glock
Just want the cheese, no more beef in this rapping
I'm tryna eat, in my shirt, tucked a napkin
And I ain't done yet, still got stuff on my chest
Bout to get this weight off me like this flow was a bench press
And that's just how it is
My parents got pissed, cuz I focus too much on music
Got both of my fists clenched and at my side
On my knees I'm searching for God, but I'm empty
Fill my thoughts up with these girls that Satan use to tempt me
Blinded by the money trees and lust so much I can't see
Man, I can't see...
Is this still me?

[Music fades out]

Preston Corral: Josh, dude, are you okay? Josh?! Josh? Josh...?

[Preston hangs up]