[Intro: Ethan Harrington]
Only real music’s gonna last
All that other bullshit is Here Today and Gone Tomorrow..
And when that happens I hope you drown in your sorrows

[Verse 1: Ethan Harrington]
Cash rules everything around me
From the ground to the clouds
Play my words loudly, please
Too high hope the crowds found me, trees
Ethan’s always rapped it profoundly, jeez
Why he always begin before it’s time to come in?
Maybe it’s to let others know there’s no silencing him
What is a building besides rectangular prisms?
He’s feeling trapped in his mind, but it’s him creating ceilings
I’m feeling, the way before you go commit a killing
I’m itching, I’m ready to murder any of you now
I ain’t turning it up, I’m burning this bitch down
And taking out the fire hydrants just to let you know I’m around
I want the name Ethan to come hand in hand with fire
Maybe it’ll push some of these kids to early retirement
Getting tired of all of the bullshit you kids spit
You’re from Melrose, Massachusetts, there ain’t no gun on your hip
You got a really big lip
You talking smack? Eventually you get hit
You talking rap? You just get placed on the list
You’re after Ethan
Yeah, I hold the number one spot for Melrose, I’m on top
My lyrics the flows that I spit? I won’t stop til my album drop
I won’t stop til I top the charts, I’m in that shit for the long haul. Been working hard to make sure my debut shocking all y’all
I released the song Drop and man that shit was too rushed
Lyrics were fine, but I wanted to leave the audiences in hush
So if i could take it back, I would, like I was knocking on wood
They tell me first impressions will last so I’m trying to make it good
I had a song to record and put it out if I could
But you need to know some things, so I feel this is what I should do

[Verse 2: Ethan Harrington]
Let’s start with Devin The Poet, you is my dude
Always been real with your lyrics and always repping your Krew
If I say the best thing other than me, people should point right at you
I only say I’m better ‘cause it’s rap and that’s what you do
But for real, man you real, your lyrics show how you feel
And if I had to choose someone, me and you would sign a deal
Inspired me to write a song, and plus a verse for a collab’
Me and you? We could run the city and put Melrose on the map
Moving on, a different boy, a different song: Purple
Lil Greek, right now you’re sounding real commercial
At least that’s what I thought
Just heard the diss you made and now I’m thinking
Maybe he’ll turn out to be a different dude to listen to
Honestly, you’re rapping, I think you should ditch the auto-tune You got a crowd that follows you, and studios acknowledge you
I think if you worked harder on your flows, then who knows? You could be the next Aubrey when that October wind blows so..
Moving on, another boy, another song, Infamous A
We talked when I put out Drop and you had a lot to say
Offered me advice on what to do before I dropped a tape
Your words were true so thank you, but you want your cake and eat it too
You claim to be a mogul and you want to be the hottest dude
But then you both started dissing, that move wasn’t the hottest dude
But I am not involved so I ain’t finna tell you what to do
You got a lot of drive, but maybe rap isn’t cut out for you
I say cut out for you instead of you being cut out for it
Because I see your passion when you’re rapping, got a fire lit
I think that you should tell a story, try and calm it down a bit
Commit yourself to practice on your lyrics, don’t just out and quit

[Verse 3: Ethan Harrington]
Moving on, another rapper, ‘nother song
As soon as one goes down and out, another rapper comes along
You may be thinking: “Ethan what the fuck you speaking on? You’ve only made one song and already said you wish it was gone.”
So let me clarify
I don’t wish that Drop was gone, because that song was alright when on the lyrics side
I just thought I’d offer help to others that are getting by
‘Cause some of you in Melrose rapping just committing suicide
When it comes to rap man it is do or die. Who am I?
The number one rapper that’s happening: Ethan Harrington, fly
Don’t mistake me for an amateur
I’ve got a lot of ammo ready to be fired if that is what you will prefer
No I don’t mean bullets, I’m mean lyric triggers, pull it
Might have the same effect when that metaphor hit your gullet
In reality I got enough to make four tapes, for your sake
Rappers go and run, just escape

[Outro: Ethan Harrington]
'Cause in the end
Only real music’s gonna last
All that other bullshit is here today..
And gone tomorrow…

[Verse 4: Ethan Harrington]
I ain’t coming into this game weak, I’m here to take it
I’ve been thinking this the whole damn week, I didn’t say shit
You don’t have an image what a rapper should be, I’m here to make it
Saddest thing is you will never be me, just gotta face it
You couldn’t erase it, couldn’t even race it, not fast enough
The masses will hang the bastards up to dry, so try to survive
The all seeing eye is nigh
So hide, no pride
Just ride with I
The others are bound to die
So goodbye