[Intro]
Oh, I get it!
You think we're joking
You think, you think we're telling a joke here
This ain't no game, buddy

[Hook 1]
Got people calling me a parody (Uh-huh)
But no rapper compare to me (No no!)
But I've had a couple swear to me
"Hey yo, Cal, you're like the best MC"

[Verse 1]
I swear to god I thought I'd never be royal (Lorde!)
The sweater god's like a kettle about to boil
Aluminum rappers, plans get foiled
I put ‘em in the dirt like a seedling in the soil
Checking out my fingers for a green thumb
Cal, I need a mixtape; do you got one (On the way!)
Something I could put on when I go dumb
Or listen with my nana while we chew gum (Nana!)
We could share it with you if you want some
No thanks, I already got gum (I'm good)
Are you sure, Cal? I think it's cinnamon
Oh yeah, you know what? I'll take one (Yum!)
Rappin' with myself, ain't no one on my level
So if you see me in the park looking kind of disheveled
Talking to myself, like possessed by the devil
Just leave me alone, I swear I ain't goin' mental
I get crazy raps off lazy naps
Wake up in the AM doing crazy laps (Okay)
Shrugs at the gym, getting crazy traps (Rekt!)
Elect to the senate, pass a crazy tax

[Hook 2]
No no, Cal ain't parody (No no!)
And no rapper compare to me (Nuh-uh!)
But one time Jay Z said to me
"Hey yo Cal, you makin' better raps than me!"

[Verse 2]
I'm chocolate mint, you're mocha swirl
I'm a roller coaster, you're the tilt-a-whirl
I'm Jurassic Park, you're Jurassic World
If you get what I'm saying, you're a (clever girl)
I can't be stopped (Nuh-uh), I can't be topped (Nuh-uh)
It says in my contract that I can't be dropped (Nuh-uh)
Signed with the Rock, they were amazed
Said "Once you hear my demo, you'll just be blazed"
Celebrate at Denny's off Exit 3 (Let's go!)
Buddy, I got it, Grand Slams on me (Oh, thanks!)
Frontin' with the waitress, she's a divorcee (Oh!)
Givin' me a wink as she fills my tea (Hey, baby)
Round these diners, I'm a real Don Juan (Yup)
Syrup baptism, I'm a real Saint John (Oh, God!)
Nothin' sticks to me, I'm a Teflon don (Thank God)
Cleanin' up my spills like a real Exxon (Good boy!)
"Hot Dinner" praised on the hip hop Reddit (Swag)
They were loving all the bars, Cal got credit (Swag)
Mods took it down, wondered what was the matter (Swag)
Tryna keep threads safe from a fire hazard

[Hook 3]
Oh, got people calling me a parody
But no rapper compare to me
But I've had a couple swear to me
"Oh, Cal, you're the best MC"

[Bridge]
Oh, beat change up!
What am I doing here? (You're singing, buddy!)
I gotta sing? (Yeah, all the new good, good rapmens also sing)
Okay, here we go

[Outro]
Oh, girl, you're my girl, oh, oooh
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Oh, baby (That sounds terrible. Alright, hold on, hold on, we'll fix it. Okay, here ya go)
Oooh, oh that sounds better, oh oh
Oh yeah yeah yeah
Oh girl
Be my girl
Oh girl, you're my girl
Oh hey girl, be my girl
Be my girl
Oh be my girl
Be my girl
You're my world (Okay alright, alright, ok, stop stop stop stop stop stop)
(We, we'll do this on another song, one for the ladies)