[Produced by Allen Ritter, Boi-1da & Vinylz]

[Intro]
Applying that pressure on niggas, niggas want me to stop (Yeah!)
I ain't stopping for no nigga, fuck?

[Verse 1]
I will not stop for you bitch niggas
How can I? Why would I stop for you hoe ass niggas?
I got my Glock for defense, nigga
Don't have me let off some shots at you hoe ass niggas
I do not rap just to diss, nigga
This is my life, so please get off my dick, nigga
Bitch, I been in this since '06, nigga
How can I stop now, that don't make no sense, nigga? OK
Now I got that off my chest, nigga
You can stop flexing, you know I'm the best, nigga
If I keep it, I don't need no vest, nigga
That .44 Bulldog, I'ma vet, nigga
Be this way 'till they put me to rest, nigga
Either that, or 'till I'm under arrest, nigga
Put that gun to your mouth like it's Crest, nigga
Show up to your address, that's how I address niggas
If you catch me in traffic then blow, nigga
Don't be just shooting unless you gon' score, nigga
You wanna be my opp? Fuck is you slow, nigga?
You will get shot just like them other Foe niggas
I smoke 93, I don't smoke Dro, nigga
Only sip purple and pink when I pour, nigga
I do not have these guns just for show, nigga
Niggas sneak dissin', callin' me "hoe nigga"
See me in person, act like I'm your bro, nigga
What they don't get is, I don't need no nigga
See you in person, act like I don't know niggas
I been doing this shit way before niggas
Out here like I get no where else to go, nigga
We got weed, we got crack, we got blow, nigga
Two for 15, everything for the low, nigga
When you lackin', don't put on no show, nigga
This shit I'm rappin' bout I'ma just show niggas
Everybody wanna be Chief, but I'ma be the one that take you out your Glo, nigga
Folks say, "Kill Chiraq!"
"What? Hotter than Montana Of 300 killed Chiraq?"
Told Folks, "I'ma kill Chiraq, make Lil' Herb fuck around throw his shot back," fuck?
Boy, I'm from the real Chiraq, where we catch more bodies than the real Iraq
Know a real nigga that still shot back, caught one to his neck and he still got whacked

[Hook]
Know a couple niggas that's trained to go
That'll bang the Foe 'till your brains'll show
Run up on a nigga, let them bangers blow
Now his block named what he famous for (Teezy!)
North Pole, boy I'm with that shit, and I got it for 'em, just admit that shit
I'm the man 'round my side of town
Any hoe I want, I can get that bitch

[Verse 2]
Niggas be wishing I stop, I say fuck 'em
Bitches be all in my business, can't trust 'em
Same niggas I used to fuck with and who I grew up with, they hatin', they know I'm next up
All of you niggas is suspect, take off, leavin' all of you lil' niggas upset
Talkin' bout all of you niggas, I'm screamin' "Fuck all of you niggas!"
But fuck that shit, let's switch the subject
Coolin' where it's never safe, if my shorties catch you with that bag then they take that
Where the righteous and that yellow tape at, they movin' that white shit, same color as Ajax
Send my bitch to find out where you stay at
We catch you and wet your ass up like some latex
You try Midnite, that's where you gon' lay at
You must be a card cause lil' homie don't play that, get it?
All of my niggas be with it, take you out your glory if you think you winnin'
I been puttin' in work ever since the beginning
They caught they first body, fuck they think they winning?
Boy, that Lil Foe Mobb shit, we invented
Talkin' bout intense, all that shit we done did it
We catch bodies as God as our witness
If you not from Uptown then stay out our business, get it?
But I ain't gotta merch, I'm tired of niggas talkin' bout "Can they get a verse?"
Shorty all on me, she fuckin' and suckin' and all she ask for in return is a purse, and that's fine with me
I do hits by myself cause ain't no nigga gon' do that time with me
I keep that nine on me, I don't need no extendo
Three shots tip you over like you playing limbo
Tints on my rental, my rental's a limo
My bitch is a nympho, I'm smokin' on indo
I do the time cause I don't give up info
If I get that memo, I bet's a 10-4
TFG, PBG, that is my kin folk, so free my bro Leek E. and R.I.P. Heno
Don't play them games, I am not a Nintendo
Stay away from them lames who I cannot depend on

[Hook]
Know a couple niggas that's trained to go
That'll bang the Foe 'till your brains'll show
Run up on a nigga, let them bangers blow
Now his block named what he famous for (Lil Foe!)
North Pole, boy I'm with that shit, and I got it for 'em, just admit that shit
I'm the man 'round my side of town
Any hoe I want, I can get that bitch
Period!