[Round 1: Chilla Jones]
We almost battled last year
You told your squad it was a big decision
But your circle stopped you from gettin' drugged: that’s an intervention
I’m about to take it back to the old Day like you reminiscin’
Why talk? I'll let that four warn him like a premonition
You get attention ridin' this gimmick wave—are you for sale, Lyt?
I'm too bar heavy so you gon' fail, Lyt
Soon as you brake, you gettin' lit up; I’m on your tail, Lyt
I know they told you that shit he brew is real light
That magic may trick some, but ask me if I’m impressed
40 with the ski mask but I still fire TEC's
Get your mic jacked by the schemes if you try and flex
Don’t flop, I’m about to show my ass with this dialect
See, I confess, play your position before you end a rhyme
They receive a cue, B, a girl is who they sent to find
That attack'll put a DE against the spine
And send him runnin' back for safety if you kick a offensive line
Now, man-to-man, I’m in my zone
You wanna prove that you real cold
But soon as Chill touch down that's just another failed goal
I feel bold, so I'ma scheme and I'ma punch 'til my hands swell
It’s hard to bear Lyt, he watered down like Amstel
Tell Davone Campbell I got a pump full of damn shells
I'll cock back, give the V one and watch his camp bail
Hell, I’ll tap yo’ mans and ask, "Is he real rappin’?"
The clip extends to rock a set, we got that steel clappin’
At a van, riddlin' doors, but we still clappin’
Pros act like I am bein' fake, so we peels at ’em
Value my realness, I’m makin' Lyt shine like Edison, Cali
I’m cold, but this is stuff he knows, the flow’s better in Cali
That been a drill, but he’ll deny Quill, put him to sleep
So this pen is sealin' his faith since he met us in Cali
The chick you met in the Valley threw me the Alley
That’s beyond clear ‘cause what I ride in attract her like John Deere
See, I’m a risk, watch the level I’m on clear
Play escalator, you can’t move me with long stares
I’m strong here, so I don’t care where they found y’all, Day
But I respect where you from, it’s real around y’all way
But tell Lyt if he don’t bounce the round ball way
He’ll die over and over: I will Groundhog Day
I hope you came with 44′s and war forts
If I lose, think women’s basketball: I’m a poor sport
Trust me, if Day see dukes it ain’t short shorts
I’m gettin' money out of this ring, it’s like Divorce Court
I got the torch, who could match the heat that I bring?
Fuck Brock! I stopped The Deadman's streak in the ring
Fuck props! You gon' never see Chilla in disguise
Fuck your mask! I want you to look yo' killa in the eyes

[Round 1: Daylyt]
Let me ask the mass, was it the mask
That got y’all newbs attracted to the black dude?
Mmkay, mmkay…
They say I might get robbed at Vendetta 2
If I’m not still armed with lines
Judges, I’ll probably gotcha in a Jax move
Well, let’s go back to UW when I hit Arsonal
Then I hit Ray then told him I’ll beat thunder head
In the shortest year
A sharp line-up, how did I get over there?
I showed you I can score, peon niggas don’t understand
How much I get paid? Sigh, racks! My network green
Every sector vector know I can draw with the claw out
$500,000 in my PayPal, I got money in the web spinnin'
I showed you I could ball out
This one's for the women—I wonder, can she see?
I would leave B lyin' folded with the knife, look
I told you I’m nice, you seen what I did to ICE: "Good night, wolf!"
My purple niggas they reign, King
If you think this is a big joke, bro please, you’ll get left toast
If my man come from the corner
And press start at the right time, nigga, you will get smoked
And Verb dumbass think he could beat me
He must be sniffin' that Lou 'caine again
Nigga, he gon' need some huge luck
Moral of the story is: Verb bringin' them weak ass punches to the boss? Ha ha ha ha! Nigga, you suck!
It’s the simple arms of the boy with the chopper
Any kid who lift that K knows he have to face the metal
Or else it’s a curse, he get fucked
Life lived in reverse, they have to embrace the devil
That’s constant battles with Constantine
Inuyasha talent inside this dream
Valid, magnets got your scene
Drag him into the entrance ‘cause I adore you
What I got for you is somethin' I call a catastrophic scheme
Pay attention! They say be antic free
Granted the agreement, I need true gossip, beside the wealth
All I see is pussies at the top of that animal kingdom
Mufasa’s, pride is felt—but oh, am I scarred?
I see Chilla wanna rumble with the king of the jungle
Some know the pain that a lion felt
When he get called out by the little cats—are you kiddin’ me?
How can a meow be mistaken for a cry of help?
Forsaken, casualties, they die and melt
By any means, long as the crew is first to check
Gradually, the galaxy is on Orion's belt
You know what that means? The whole universe is next
Your plan of attack is to scheme?
That’s your weapon? Cool
Guard deck and move, everybody should expect a snooze
This is the die section, split him, dissected
My suggestion is Lux is who y’all best to choose
You got put in for a second move, lesson bruised
Undercard name shame, but I kept it cool
Under one exception: lose
I am who you can’t defeat, boo boo
‘Cause this match is a steppin' stool
Price our logo, know I could rock or dial
Any stage filled full of cod fishes, I’m a boss, Chilla
I remain a G… P.S. that’s why I could never be a lost nigga
I am just a divine hero
One who will leave a remainder but could divide zero
Tie, he know; that’s a Mission Impossible
I’m watchin' you, anything in my vision get ICU
I see you the one who grasps this, line graphic, die, bag flip
Sad shit is I gotta NBA off the block with steals
For real, my stats sick, who’s next to get stretched out with dots? Glock's my number one draft pick
I had who’s nexts to get stretched out with Dots
Glock's my number one Giraffe pick
I caught your raffle ticket
I told you I’m nice 'round here like I’m afro-pickin’
You fall out of place and break
I send dog out of space, he’ll get a taste of how Astro kick it
I want a lil body to pass: no midget
And I told you that’s the game plan
That I’m on; every word they get wrong lead to a body
I hope you can hang, man
I got 'em sayin', "Dang! Man! What is this nigga about?!"
I told you I’m ahead with the lines
And if that don’t stick, figure it out
Thought you was gon' win a battle today, I got this one
You win some and you lose some
But you live to see another day… To the Batmobile!

[Round 2: Chilla Jones]
You used gimmicks versus Magic for two reasons
To see your green grow like chia
And so they wouldn’t cheer for what was in store: IKEA
He from Watts, plus Lyt be over heads, I got an idea
I make him lie since you’ll get your head shot before they ID ya
He up front like he snatched my plate, I hate cowards
I will split Day in thirds for sayin' he ate ours
Get anywhere I peel grim'd
Then get him shipped like the Mayflower
Kill Lyt inner G, put son down to stop Day power
You tryna red our back ‘cause Celtic pride made it from Boston?
I’m bulletproof with the pen, I know you hate what I’m jottin’
Lush offered me more money, since he payin’ I’m rockin’
Now I’m here, in livin’ color, so who you slayin’ and robbin’?
This ain’t a blank, man, it bring major pain when the tool squeeze
So if Day men weigh and move E
It’s cool ‘cause I just killed him in Damon Wayan movies
I’m truly sick, niggas don’t get the win from me often
Remind me of a ventriloquist how dumb he talkin'
They dial Jones then my stock mark it, watch money droppin'
Now I'ma bring it to 'em, B, like a mummy’s coffin
To 'em, B? See, that’s "tomb," like where you goin’, you
See dots in front of Lyt house: that’s an ocean view
I was coachin' you, ‘cause I support everyone’s grind
Truth is I only took Daylyt to see my son shine
Now, in some minds, they like, “Why you usin’ synonyms for?”
Well, why not? Words is weapons and I’m sendin’ him fours
Catch Lyt with all his friends, now I’m sendin’ him foes
He hit my phone like, “Jones, what you sendin’ 'em for?!”
It’s ‘cause you snitchin' and told the pigs I’m sinnin’
You sendin’ infos, so now y’all all fucked
It’s like I’m sendin’ nymphos
But let me jog your mental to take you they sent me two checks
Joey Crawford: I’m official with these two TECs
I’ll blast, split his house in half, that’s how I do, Plex
You told me he was slammin' in the ring, I should sue Plex
Get X'd with magazines, I don’t play, boy
I’m about to put holes in your man's shin: no Hugh Hef
If dude flex in the ring and start the worst trouble
I'ma snap with the shoulder strap like purse buckles
Take rounds, get ‘em let down, I’m here to burst bubbles
Get at ‘em and even the score with the first couple
Shout out to Cali Smoov, he had a similar bar for Nitty too
But while I’m at it, let me respond to that little shot Nitty threw
My city crew good with blades, so if he run they’ll still split 'em
Do him and his brothers grim, that mean if Rum pull steel, skin him!
And if he still livin’ on December 25th, I’ma pop and spray
This can it’ll kill him, then after Christmas they’ll be boxin’ Day
Boss town!

[Round 2: Daylyt]
A lot of y’all know me as Daylyt
But since my mom in here, she know me as Noobie
She asked me what it means
It means I spit nasty: it’s a lugie
True B, you see how I’m fluent with the speech?
I know how to surprise the slower
I spit a line, Glee, that’s for the geeks
Don’t worry about how who’s the liver flow-er
Just know before you ever spit
The ability to scheme different elements style cry for help
And I molded, you stole it, give me my credit, I said it
You’ll never get it down, prime example of who I am
I’m on-call talent, I tell 'em it’s down time
Look at all the niggas I under ate, that’s a star for the crowd shine
Four lines in one, dial 9: that’s pound sign
Speakin’ of pound signs, niggas been comin’ at me with that L BS
Wait… pound signs, LBS, weight
We are not on the same scale, frame frail
Under all pressure, yes sir, but its lesson in vain, swell
Slug my back? Main snail
He lyin’ out that ass, I guess it’s the same tail
My game real, I get paid for every bar I come up with
Y’all can see all of my brain sells
That’s the way I was trained, double lines
A Trak, take that, way back, before you could talk, man
See these babies got drive way before they could walk, man
To the station, but I say F ‘em in the AM
‘Cause that’s where I'ma bury your life
When a baby goes, death gets broadcasted through the radios
I guess he’s just another stereotype
Tune into this one!
The last nigga I battled in front of him, they was savin’ his time
I hit him with a Gangsta's Paradise line
That’s what happens when you dealin’ with them dangerous minds
My name over them headlines
From them over-the-head lines: Coolio, he legit
Bars like that, they like, "You need to quit."
"How could you rule?"—I’m like "You see the spit."
It’s my duty to be the shit
They need a fix, it’s crackin’ you all, but you all broke
Wired, house shattered
They need to fix that crack in the wall that y’all broke
See the wires? House shattered
They can’t fix it when I’m crackin’ you all
And your jaw broke, wired… fire, nigga
Whoever in front of me will be flat: I retire niggas
It’s a ocean of flames: see fire, nigga!
Get a whole honeycomb silenced: be quiet, nigga!
I told 'em I rely on my rage
Niggas who doubt him, how come the outcome is Malcolm X?
You hand out of pocket, you’ll die on the stage
And I rely on my babe, ‘cause she a Cap and wild gunner
She’ll close her eyes, point the deuces to ring like Pacquiao mother
And I really feel like I got this one
You win some and you lose some
But you'll live to see another Quill… not this one

[Round 3: Chilla Jones]
Alcatraz bars—who the fuck gon' break you out?
Your day 26, that’s how I’ma take you out
Face blew out, you’ll be done if I give D one
For actin’ I'll leave him on the floor from this knee, son
Get it? Liam Neeson, you must’ve missed Taken 2
But get your aim up ‘cause I’ll never miss takin' two
Follow you and shorty to wherever miss taken to
Oh, you don’t believe that you and your miss taken too?
That’s why I kill you, then kill her, she mistaken too
One: you taken this battle was a mistake, and two:
She see I’m fly, and yes, I'm who your miss taken to
And that’s why I got the pipe that your miss takin’ too
Could kidnap him, you could get your miss taken too
You’ll see D split like I broke his mixtape in two
Breakin’ news, I’m officially a beast
Family curse: I’m leavin’ every kin of D deceased
Capisce? See they love me in Cali, I’m like Tiger Ty
Put Lyt on his ass in secs when that fire fly
Your wife’s a bird, he like, "That lie’s absurd."
That’s ‘cause she gave Ghost face and blew Meth like Heisenberg
My mind's disturbed, I'ma relapse
Be sharp, D, mine are dangerous
To see major stacks they’ll leave a G flat
And some'll rise, but whoever do gettin’ recapped
I’ll fire on the front of your head, now that’s a Heat cap
Repeat that for thinkin’ that a tool can’t blaze ya
You’ll need defense for your face like the tool man neighbor
I will send two shots just to make sure your death come
The first pop teach you how to crawl, he the best one
The second pop raise the nigga up like a stepson
Both made of metal, when they rose he jet, son
I’m gettin’ paid to check Day like it’s check day
Plus, I aim high when that TEC spray
You five deep? Well, I'ma let two heads roll aimin’ for necks, Day
After I make two more roll, you next, Day
I’m who the best say is the best in this whole game
Chilla, that’s my code name—plus, that’s a cold name
Niggas actin’ bold ‘cause they at home, shit is so lame
But I make dickheads pussy in the ring with no shame
And tell your whole gang
I’ll practice bangin’ where they hangin’, Day
So if I’m washin’ ten with the hawk, I’m just trainin’, Day
I hope you prayin’, Day… any gimmick, you better use it now
Against Mr. Jump To Top Tier From The Proving Grounds

[Round 3: Daylyt]
To be amongst the All Stars they say bring all bars
Nah, I need my fame
‘Cause that last battle versus Rich Dolarz
He got broke in half in that 4th quarter
Oh my god, things have changed
I seen the plot to get a crazy feat, what a dream!
The little King of Pop, it was ABC, what I mean
It don’t matter if you black or white
Your career, I got to beat it
They ask why? I tell 'em it’s human nature to attack son
Niggas like me don’t care about love
‘Cause we the realer niggas that might go jack son
Smooth criminal, remember the time?
I was lookin’ at my reflection in the mirror
The one with the realest curls
Thought I was dolo, noble fans tellin’ me
"Day, you are not alone, you can heal the world."
But who’s badder than me with them bars? Nobody
I do niggas dirty, die in a box in the sky, soon as the night slid
And I got an underlyin’ mission
The inside of me remains Black Power
But the media shows I got the white kids
Who think and shout?
And I tell 'em, "Fuck these lil boys!"
And they wanna throw me in the rapist route
Soon as I come up with somethin’ positive
And they hand me the mic, son, they blank it out
But I’m proud to see, Momma
I made it through all these bitch niggas that was doubtin’ me
I knew how to get their attention
All I had to do was hang a lil' white son off the balcony
But that’s just the normal rules of the slum gang
Rock Man on a treadmill: nigga, I run things
Nigga, you gave me the shot, I shoot stupid: I got dumb aim
The clip will take you to the movies, shorty: my gun bangs
And I heard you work at the Quik-E-Mart
Yeah, so I'ma catch him waitin’ at the liquor store
Pass holmes, put the mask on like, "Yeah, I'ma lick a store."
Run up to him and ask him, "Hey, my nigga!
Where you got all that high price liquor stored?"
He run he gone fall, blow his tongue on the wall
Now you could lick the store
If it’s money to pay, why owe me?
You be in the street left wide, homie
Family screamin’ out, "Why, homie?!"
Half your body in Boston, the other half in Wyoming
If I chase a nigga, Glock break a nigga
Funeral homes, box-wake a nigga
You get the open hand, the fist or the deuce: rock, paper, scissors
I’ll cock at his feet, these birdies better learn to dance
Or it’ll be arms in the front, arms in the back
It look like the Pee Wee Herman dance
Off the bat, this is how I know I got ya
You'll get your shit shot in the Matrix—blocka!
And I really feel like I got this one
You win some and you lose some
But you live to see another Day… well, not this one