[Intro: Method Man]
Sing it bitch... oh boy...
Niggas... ha-ha... ladies... yeah
Oh boy, come on... yeah...
This is just a few of them things that I ("got to have") yeah

[Method Man]
I got to have that new shit, new whip, blue six, now who this?
Windows half down, bumping Wu shit, the truth is
This is just a few of them things that I ("got to have") hell yeah
I got to have them big props, big rocks, glisten in the wrist watch
Tick-tock, and make a pit stop to cop a zip-lock
This is just a few of them things that I ("got to have") fuck yeah
I got to have that seat next to Oprah, Bentley with the chaffeur
Rum and cola spilling on a million dollar sofa
This is just a few of them things that I ("got to have") hell yeah
I got to have my next pair of fresh Air's, dress me in the best wears
Meth, yeah, want respect, then he want his check cleared
This is just a few of them things that I ("got to have") fuck yeah

[Hook: Method Man]
Now if it's something I, want, no need for me to front
Why stunt? Better notify them niggas from the dump
Oh, yeah, I got to have it (have it)
And, oh, yo, I got to have it (have it)
If it's something I, need, don't have to beg or pleed
My weed, got 'em high, just look at they eyes bleed
Oh, yeah, I got to have it (have it)
And, oh, yo, I got to have it (have it)

[Method Man]
Yeah, I got to have that mansion and the yacht
The room to park the phantom on the yacht
E, watch me leave them haters on the dock, yeah
This is just a few of them things that I ("got to have") damn right
I got to have them pop bottles, shots hollow, plus the next top model
Staring down they nostrils in them Ferragamo goggles
This is just a few of them things that I ("got to have") fuckin' a'
I got to have a new spot to live, a few props to give
One for each verse I did, with 2Pac and B.I.G., y'all
This is just a few of them things that I ("got to have") damn right
I got have V.S. cuts, a jet plus, a marijuana dealer with the best stuff
You know that Meth puff, y'all, and guess what?
This is just a few of them things that I ("got to have") fuckin' a

[Hook]

[Method Man]
I got to have the fast car, the crash bar, place to stash the heaters
In the dash board, and then I need no limits on that black card
This is just a few of them things that I ("got to have") hell yea
I got to have them verses and them hooks, plus a little paper off the books
And a Playboy bunny that can cook, nigga
This is just a few of them things that I ("got to have") fuck yea
I got to have the first glass in first class, button up Cavalli
On the shirt tag, and honey with that Louis on the purse bag
This is just a few of them things that I ("got to have") hell yea
I got to have them hardcore beats, and Loose Linx that all play for keeps
When we mobbing on these New York streets, nigga
This is just a few of them things that I ("got to have") fuck yea

[Hook 2X]