To all my Bronx niggas (Yeah!)
And I say right about now get ready to get down
To the funky sound of the man they call
Pete Rock (The Method Man)

[Intro: Method Man]
Dumbheads, what? Cherryheads, what?
Appleheads, what, what, what?
(Meth-Tical, you know how we do, dunn, yeah
Hit it off, you know what I mean? Like this y'all)
P.R., take them to the bridge, uhh!

[Verse 1: Pete Rock]
Float on this magnificent track, wise intelligent
All-star Jamerican, yes, the rap vet
Reinforce your threat, who got the money to bet?
Against the #1 holdin' down the position
Crush the competition with the limited edition
Heavy-caliber rhyme, shootin' down ya peace sign
The war's on, for real, run, grab ya shield
Yo, Meth, take the steel and let these cats know the deal

[Verse 2: Method Man]
Style blazin', Iron Lung on this collaboration
Money for the takin', I ain't sweatin' confrontation
With P.R.-ah, we be's the mens of tomorrow
Master, license to kill, bringin' the horror
To ya house like Amityville, keepin' it more than real
Niggas ain't supposed to feel, hot Nicks, ya know the deal
If you read the résumé, gives a fuck what niggas say?
Timb boots to pave the way, here I come to save the day
Yes, stop the fuckin' press, transform to Mister Meth
See that logo on my chest, save a damsel in distress
Hot shit in the song, gotta get until it's gone
Kids wanna get it on, get smacked up and shit upon
Right 'til ya prove me wrong, think you can do me, huh?
Can't we all just get along in this modern Babylon?
Duelin' with my nemesis, layin' down laws
Don't start if you can't finish it, I'm tellin' you, Pah!
Got the power of a meteor shower, comin' down on all ya cowards Trickin' ya funds and sniffin' powders
Here we come, straight from the slums, dynamic duo, son
Ghost Rider Jonathan and Soul Brother #1

[Hook x2]
Sendin' this one out.. to my man
Meth-Tical, Pete Rock
Half man, half amazin'
Make it hot nigga!
For you! Know what I'm sayin'?

[Verse 3: Method Man]
Leapin' tall buildings in a single bound, faster than a round
Blastin' out a forty pound, y'all niggas fuck around
Take that and handle it
Method Man, I get strong with Titanic shit
That means abandon ship
Get a life and get a grip
There ain't no problem that I can't fix
Transmittin' live from Apocalypse
And the Chocolate Boy Wonder, my sidekick, cowabunga
These evil doers days is numbered
We flexin' like the X-Men on rap veteran
That be's no question, boy, you need protection, son
I'm burnin' up, check the temperature
Ya fuckin' wit The Last Emperor, Iron Lung, dangerous, son
For all who enter the 36 deadliest chambers
For all the prejudiced entertainers
There ain't a damn thing you can tell us, bite ya tongue
I be the troublesome, don't sleep, niggas is holdin', son

[Verse 4: Pete Rock]
Pick 'em off from long-range, break 'em down to small change
A New York Giant stand in front of ya ... squad, what up, God?
A million-to-one odds that you can't stop this bullet
I'm like Refrigerator Perry, rush right through it and just do it
So, act like ya knew it, the Mount Vernon/Shaolin fluid
The rap committee comin' live through ya city
Swing hard like Ken Griffey
Gain stats, now, who's next up to bat?
Knock 'em out the box, Method Man and Pete Rock
Celebratin' victory, rap world remedy
Take a double dose, deadly (deadly kid), yo!

[Hook]
C'mon! One, two!
The number 1 set and sound
Meth-Tical
Pete Rock, this one's for the crew
Half man, half amazin'
One, two! The number 1 set and sound
Meth-Tical on arrival
Pete Rock, this one's for the crew
Half man, half amazin'