[Intro: Method Man]
First, there was the collapse of civilization, anarchy, genocide, starvation. Then, when it seemed like shit couldn't get any more fucked up, we got the Plague, the Living Death, closing his icy grip around the whole planet. Then the rumors started, the last hardcore MC's were working on a cure, that would end the pestilence, why? I like the death. I like the misery, I like this world!! Space, the Final Frontier. These are the voyages of the Starship Tical

[Verse 1: Method Man]
As I walk in the shadow of death
Sixteen men on a dead man's chest
Your host this even Mr H-O-T
N-I-X, you get splashed with the Tec
Nobody go 'til the God say so
You got a second or more to run for the door
Before I blow back off the map, contact
You didn't know Stat' could get down like that
Who want them test rocket launcher, yes
Mr. Meth, hold the fort, most def
Cats is dead wrong, song's too long
Get swung on, can't we all get along?
See my pinkie, see my thumb
See that kid with the pump shot gun?
Bust your gums, leave your whole shit numb
Hmm, now what's this? Smell like fish
Mr. Big Mouth, the gat be trout
You need to douche out your style no doubt
Johnny struck through the Shaolin slum
Prum-prum-prum on my Shaolin drum
Niggas don't dare to step in the square
Kids ain't playing over here, playa
Only one way, and that's my way
Grim Reaper calling, Judgement Day

[Hook]
(10) Ten let the countdown begin
(9) I was born in the mind
(8) Take the head of a snake
(7) Behold Armageddon
(6) Ain't no love for the rich
(5) Only strong will survive
(4) Cause we live by the sword
(3) Plus sixty degrees
(2) For the black and the blue
(1) For the Sun, step into millennium

[Verse 2: Method Man]
The name of this one is Judgement Day
No more B.S., can't come out and play
Don't blame me, blame society
Type of chemistry for a live MC
Hands in the air like you just don't care
You all get a share, there's a party over here
Year 2000, keep bouncing
T-Minus, thirty seconds and counting
New York's finest, still wilding, Shaolin
At the full moon howling
Get 'til it's gone, Killa Bee kills
Only time will reveal like the words in the song
Cause love's what I feel for my crew, bust steel
Niggas don't got to pay my bills
P.L.O. pack the slingshot flow
Plant the seed, let the garden grow
And stick that rhyme where the sun don't shine
Darts pierce your heart like a Valentine
This my Tale From the Crypt that's sick
Bloodbath, body bags and shit
UFC fighting championships
G.I. Joes with the Kung-Fu Grip
Now you don't dare, to step in the square
Kids ain't playing over here, playa
Only one way, and that's my way
Grim Reaper calling, Judgement Day

Come on, I said come on

[Hook + Verse 1 + Hook]