[Lady talking]
Ladies and gentlemen, here comes the stone rockers
I mean some real playas
But tonight, they gon' do it all in together

[Fred Durst]
Uh, check on, uh
Limp Bizkit

[Verse 1: Fred Durst]
Uh, who could be the boss? Look up to the cross
Stranded in the land of the lost, standin' up I'm sideways
I'm blazin' up the path, runnin' on the highways of rap
Choked up by the smoke and the charcoal
Lava stamps then brands me like a bar code
I'm bashin' all the media strikes to keep the media dykes
As reinforcements for the fight
And that alone'll keep John Gotti on the phone
I'm tangled in the zone, I got the bees on the track
Where the fuck you at? (Tical!)
Let me hear you pigeons run ya mouth now (Shut the fuck up!)
I'm pluggin' in them social skills That keep my total bills
Over a million the last time I checked it
Thank God I'm blessed with a mind that'll wreck it
Wait until the second round and knock em' out

[Verse 2: Method Man]
They call me Big John Stud, my middle name Mud
Dirty water flow, too much for you thug
And can't stand the flood, whattup Doc
Hold big gun like Elmer Fudd the sureshot
Mr. Meth I'm unplugged (Turned)
Temperatures too hot for sunblock (Burn)
Playin' with mine's that get you state time
Locked behind 12 bars from a great mind
Killa bees in the club with his ladybug
Brought a sword on the dance floor to cut a rug
Love is love all day till they throw slugs
And take another life in cold blood
Can't feel me till it's your blood
Murder rates tremendous, crime is endless
Same shit different day, father forgive us
They know not what they do, all praise is due
I'm big like Easy and Big Bamboo

[Hook: Pharrell William, Method Man & Fred Durst] (2X)
What's that, I didn't hear you (Shut the fuck up!)
Come on, a little louder (Shut the fuck up!)
Everybody in together now (Shut the fuck up!)
What huh (Shut the fuck up!), oh (Shut the fuck up!)

[Verse 3: Method Man]
Headstrong, dead calm, get it right on
Dead weight to dead wrong, let's get it on
Twelve rounds I throw down, who hold crown
Protect land with 4 pound, Limp Bizkit
Get around like merry-go, bust a scenario
Comin' through your stereo, why risk it
Lifestyles of the prolific and gifted
8 essential vitamins and minerals delicious
Word on the street is, they bit my thesis
Knocked out they front teefers, tryin' to taste mine
Actin like they heard it through the grapevine
Dope fiendin' for the bassline 2 for 5 rhyme
Pharmaceuticals, hard as nails to the cuticles
Where you find that monster she beautiful
Wu-Tang and Limp Bizkit roll on the set
Kick a hole in the speaker pull the plug and inject

[Verse 4: Fred Durst]
Mic check, so what's it all about? (Bout)
And where we gonna run? (Run), maybe we can meet up on the sun
Discretion is advised for the blood of virgin eyes
We limpin' on the track with the Method
So get the sunblock (Sunblock), you gettin' one shot (Ha)
Until you dissolve, I revolve around everything you got
From outta nowhere, prepare, you be blinded by the glare
I told you not to stare, now you're turned into stone
Without a microphone
But don't you forget you're in a zone (So shut the fuck up)
And take that shit back, cause all your shits wack
(Doo doo is doo doo) when it's weighed out like that
Burnin' up your brain like a piston
So all those that didn't listen
Now they even knew what they were missin'
And never even knew that the sky was fallin' down
Wu-Tang Clan for the crown

[Hook] (2X)

[Outro: Method Man]
It was over your head, all day and everyday
S.I., N.Y. 10304, Wu-Tang Killa Bees
And the Limp B-I-Z-K-I-T
Y'all know the time, y'all know the rhyme
It ain't easy bein' greasy
In a world full of cleanliness
And you know, all that other madness
We gone, peace
(Limp Bizkit, Method Man
Rock the house y'all, bring it on)