[Verse 1: Method Man]
Check it, I'm the fucking man, who they mention
Noticed that other niggas rap styles is bogus
Doo-doo compared to this versatile voodoo
Blazing, the stuff that ignites stimulation
Inside ya, cause I be that hell sure provider
Providing the rhyme that be deep as the Poseidon Adventure
Niggas need to test they freaking tincture
For the sickness that be spreading with the quickness
Remedies, cousin I be doing on my enemy
Penalty, then I drink forties to they memories
Emotion, coursing through your town street vicinity
Blunt smoke in the air reveals my identity

[Chorus: Method Man]
What's that rhythm, what's that sound?
Party people getting down
When it hit no doubt about
Just release, yo delf!!

[Break 1: Method Man]
Keep it movin', baby, we be movin', uh
And keep it movin', you know we keep it movin', uh
Keep it movin', baby, we be movin', uh
And keep it movin', you know we keep it movin', uh
And keep it movin', baby, we be movin', uh
And keep it movin', you know we keep it movin', uh
And keep it movin', baby, we be movin', uh
And keep it movin', you know we keep it move
RHARHHH!

[Verse 2: Method Man]
My God, somebody said it's on, if it is then I'll be set
To blow a nigga up with my "Five Fingers of Death"
I bring it to his whole damn fam, understand if you fronting
On any man down with the Clan, I be coming
For the headpiece you can't cope
For my brother, I bring it to the Pope, word to mother
Serial killer style from the Isles of Stat
My peoples are you with me, where you at?
Shit's getting deep in here, I mean like thick
Niggas looking all in my face like they want dick
It's about to hit the fan, hit the floor
That's all I can stands, and I can't stands no more
What is it? Niggas think they bigger
Because they got their finger on the trigger of a biscuit
They don't know I'm wicked when I start to kick it
Eat they raw sound, wash it down with a Mistic
Better yet a Snapple
Nigga want the juice but he don't want the hassle
So we're trying to overthrow the castle
Better yet the temple I'm coming to your town black down
The rental car, the pistol cocked
If you don't want to burn from the Glock
Then beware, I buck shots, meaning what?
The buck stops here, no more dough will be made
Unless it's being made by who?


[Chorus]
What's that rhythm, what's that sound?
Party people getting down
When it hit no doubt about
Just release, yo delf!!

[Break 2: Method Man]
Keep it movin', baby, we be movin', uh
And keep it movin', you know we keep it movin', uh
And keep it
Movin', baby, we be movin', uh
And keep it movin', you know we keep it move
RHARHHH!

[Outro: Method Man]
"And keep it"
"And keep it"
"And keep it"
"And keep it movin', baby, we be movin', uh"
"You know we keep it"
"We keep it movin'"