[Intro: Method Man (Blue Raspberry)]
1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2
I gets busy on them, I gets bust of them
I gets busy on them, I gets bust of them...
(Let's come together for the stimulation
Meth-Tical hit 'em with the stimulation)

[Verse 1: Method Man]
I got 36 styles on my mind, on my mind
Keep it real, Shaolin represent one time
All my peoples are you with me, where you at? (Suuuu)
All my killer bees on attack, where you at? (Suuuu)
Throw ya fuckin' hands in the air if you wanna mix
If ya got ya gats peel a cap for the new year
Blinding devotion, what's the commotion?
Wu-Tang Clan we attackin' your emotion'
Flowin' like the Ocean blue, I be comin' for your crew
Flyin' guillotine style with the name Meth-Tical
Is it on? Is it on? Is it gone?
If I ain't on ya records then the shit ain't really on
One man band from the Wu-Tang Clan
Ask who the man, goddamn, it be Method
Here I, here I am in the Clan it's essential
Puttin' Def Jam's on my records, it's on

[Hook: Blue Raspberry]
Let's come together for the stimulation
Meth-Tical hit 'em with the stimulation
Can everybody feel the stimulation
Meth-Tical hit 'em with the stimulation

[Verse 2: Method Man]
I'm here for you son, I gotcha back
As long as you keep it real, word, I gotcha back
Brothers want the drama but don't know how to act
Until the chrome pointed at his dome head crack
Come on let's keep it real, no disguise, recognize
From my sword chop what a nigga do? A nigga dies
That's why I'm stressin' that brothers keep they thoughts on they lesson
Resurrect yo mind from the essence, for real
Ill block nigga get rocked like by the dozen
What up cousin? Now give a pound to that lounge nigga
Peace, my MZA, Killah Hills 10304
By tha GZA got me wide it's goin' DZA
Make my way for the ooh building
Now I'm chillin' with the neighborhood villains, Thug Life it be on now
Hear the gun blaow as I milk another cow
Let the Method show you how niggas do it
I study, live the life of good, bad and ugly
Part time call the nigga lovely but that ain't nuttin'
Before I die, I'm a leave the world with something
To remember me by the real stimuli
For you frontin' ass out rappers to capture
I rip the world apart like a natural disaster
I keep it live, something born in 85
Through the love of my 3rd eye got me thinking
Maybe you and I should get together for whatever
You never in your long-legged life had it better
Uh you got it now, we be loungin', Tical
"Word Son i like your style"

[Hook: Blue Raspberry]
Let's come together for the stimulation
Meth-Tical hit 'em with the stimulation
Can everybody feel the stimulation
Meth-Tical hit 'em with the stimulation

[Break: Method Man, overlaps Hook]
Basically I'm here for the stimuli
To get high and for doughnuts
Meth-Tical, it's '94 and it's raw, once more
The Wu-Tang saga continues

[Outro Hook: Method Man, overlaps Blue Raspberry's Hook]
Wu-Tang clan, forever
No we don't die we just multiply forever, and ever, and ever...

[Hook' 'til fade]
Let's come together for the stimulation
Meth-Tical hit 'em with the stimulation
Can everybody feel the stimulation
Meth-Tical hit 'em with the stimulation