[Intro:?]

Spinning the b-b-beats for the streets
It's the Bomb Squad DJ
We getting you crunk right now
Get down or lay down
Take it like a motha fuckin' man

[Hook: ?]
He's Mr. Take The Heat, Mr. Baby Rub My Feet
Mr. Don't Be Hanging Late In Streets
Mr. Bring Home The Bacon, Mr. You Ain't Hear Enough
Mr. Pack Your Shit, Mr. Do It To Me Rough
Mr. Please, Drop Me At My Job
Mr. Please, I Need A Hundred Dollars To Borrow
Mr. Please, Can I Use Your Car
If any man can do all this, he got to be a bad boy

[Method Man]
Fast women and fast cars
A razor blade instead of a tongue, my game sharp
We major leaguers, minor leaguers, get out the park
Bitches, that wanna back talk, get out and walk
I'm too cold, like Iceberg Slim
Ya'll see, I'm caked up with icing
Rolling on dubs, thug for lifing, never trifling
And I ain't never met a piece of pussy I ain't liking
I'm too piping, hot, front, you get got, kid
Don't get too close, because you might get shot

[Hook]

[Method Man]
Okay, come out and play
Ya'll clowns Need to get down, or get out the way
I'm a live round, shot to your head by Doc Dre
Ain't too long, ya'll gon' live on consignment and not pay
This is everyday, life of the kid, fuck who it is
I'm gon' live like a true bad boy, and do it big
And I could take it, it's just as good as I get
And ya'll ain't gotta ask, dead rapper your ass, kid
Who anti-everything, ya'll niggas is for
Who eat up everything on his plate, then eat yours
Ain't got no table manners at all, I'm off the wall
Like I'm MJ, jerking myself, scream at your frog
And bitches wanna give us the drawers, cuz who we are
The same bitch'll sugared your tank and key your car
The life of a player and pimp, who every dollar, tax exempt
Pussy paying the rent, now who I'm is?

[Hook]

[?]
Oh I'm a bad boy, fast cars, hot women
The lifestyle, accustomed to winning
Bitch, your chrome is spinning, tinted windows
But still, you're jailed from the head bopping gangsta lean
You'se a bad boy, champagne, diamond studded events
Red carpet rollout, pulling up in a Bent'
And the crowd, they taking pictures
It's hard to tell, if a flash went off
Or you was blinded by the riches