[Intro]
The study of Kung Fu Fighting is ongoing
Don't ever hope to master all of them
So be careful
Thank you for your advice
Brooklyn

[Bridge: Cortez]
I got goons in ya tenement.....
Yo!
For that CABBAGE, Let us in (Lettuce)
We kicking in doors
For that CHEDDAR, mannnnn....
For That BREAD keep TOAST, then we send ‘em innnn (CINNAMON)!!!!

[Verse 1: Cortez]
I’m wit the have nots & groupies
The D’s stroll by
We got the crack Rock, Boof these
Down Myrtle Ave, with the stash box; hooptie
Just another product of that match box, loosies!!!!!
Ha! Now you can see it through my eyes
Roll wit’ a boss you can steam on the high rise
Hotel by the shore, peek at the high tide
Breaking down a model bitch, N G her wit’ hot lines!!!
Back to the hood though, streets keep calling you
Gave out credit, fiends is avoiding you
Looking at the game D’s try to corner you
What? I call shots like an audible!!!!
TOMA!
Henny & Corona
Sour’s the aroma
Posted in da club, I snuck in with the poker
Rawer than the cocoa
Put you on a long stretcher
Right now you can call me Mr. Mánteca!
Ha!
I’m all about doing business
Bring you to the block wit the pots in da kitchen
Talking bout them blocks in da pots for the whippin’
‘Bout to fly south wit’ a flock full of pigeons!
Ughh Big Difference
Align short distance, apply mo’ business, supply the whole district
Now I’m styling by choice
Smoking on the Loud, tryna fight noise
They talking like men, they sounding like boys
Diamonds Dancing in the ring like Floyd
Brooklyn, Crooklyn
Raised On Them Crooked Block’s
St. Ides, Crooked I, all I seen was crooked cops
Staring At The Judge
But afraid just to look at cops
Ciphers by the phone shittttt, I can make the booking’s hot!
I just leaped another hurdle
I’m bringing you the classic, MYRTLE!!!!
Uh huh
I just leaped another hurdle
I’m bringing you the classic, MYRTLE!!!!

[Hook: Cortez]
Bring ya to the blocks wit the pots in the kitchen
Align mo’ business, Supply the whole district
Down Myrtle Ave, Raised on them Crooked blocks
You see a song ain’t really on til Meth on it

[Verse 2: Method Man]
Who mind weaker, the house or the house speaker?
And where would Nas and Jay-Z be without Ether?
Which one you think want that repeat? I doubt either
How many people still wanna see it? Tical neither
I might get blood on the wife beater but I don't need to
Beat up a diva then call the brother a child beater
My brothers keeper but stunt and I'll be my brothers reaper
I call the heater mosquito, your baby mama Zika
Follow the leader plus I'ma breathe the respect on it
This called Classic so I'ma need y'all to step on it
You see your song ain't really on til Meth on it
My next opponent gon' have a 'Protect Ya Neck' moment
Core', hey man this track is cold as below zero
Ay dios mio tell mi amigo si hace frio
But I ain't bilingual, just understand that Method Man
Is more of an anagram like Live Evil

MYRTLE
TICAL