[Intro Music: Modest Mussorgsky’s Pictures at an Exhibition]

[Intro 1: Kung fu movie samples]
*sounds of fighting*
"You've been lucky... I wish I got you last time
En garde, I'll let you try my Wu-Tang style."
"I'd like to try your Wu-Tang style, let's begin then!"

[Intro 2: Method] + (and others)
From the tip top?
(Aiyyo aiyyo, what the fuck's up with light dude?)
Yup, one two (no doubt, no doubt)
One two one two
Yo one two, uh, one two one two (yeah, we gon' be up in that)
Ah one two, uh, one two one two (yeah light that shit up)
Ah one two yo, check me out

[Hook: Method Man]
What's that shit that they be smokin'? Tical... tical, tical
Pass it over here... tical... tical, tical
What's that shit that they be smokin'? Tical... tical, tical
Pass it over here... tical... tical, tical

[Verse 1: Method Man]
Check it, I got styles, all of 'em sick
Niggas ain't fit to walk a mile in the dead man's kicks
I make 'em shit about a pile of bricks to show
He ain't nothing but another unknown John Doe
That wanna flow, here it is, coming up shit's creek
I come to throw monkey wrenches in your program, sleep
And I'ma grow like a rash on ya nasty ass
In a whip, with no brakes and I'm hitting the gas
It's a bird, it's a plane, take a look in the sky
Method Man on some shit, niggas call me The Fly
'Cause my style dates back to hopping turnstiles
Pay ya fare, if ya cutie in the chair, you can bet I'll
Get severe on the double, I harass it
I don't look for trouble, I'm already trouble
Ya bastard, check the wicked flows that I crafted
I'm another deadly venom style to be mastered
By a psychopathic, way beyond an average
Joe, with a hellafied flow, there ya have it

[Hook: Method Man]
What's that shit that they be smokin'? Tical... tical, tical
Pass it over here... tical... tical, tical
What's that shit that they be smokin'? Tical... tical, tical
Pass it over here... tical... tical, tical

[Break: Method Man]
One two, uh, one two one two
One two, uh, one two one two
One two, uh, one two one two
Check it out

[Verse 2: Method Man]
What goes off? What goes on? The Meth shit
That we got is to stay high, no question
Lethal weapon, ain't no time for half steppin''
When brothers start wettin' everything in ya section
Move that, niggas came strapped, should've knew that
Do that, pussycat rap, boy, I'll screw that
To' up, from the flow up, don't even show up
To the battle, I heard you rattle, now hold up
Is there a fucking snake in my garden?
Starvin' for a rap treat, steppin' on my feet
Pardon your delf, before ya find your delf
In a fucked up situation, without no help
I'm not playin' 'cause I don't play with nobody goddamn kid
Know what I'm sayin'? I'm peeling niggas wigs
I be sprayin' brothers with words
'Cause I gotta spit proooob...

[Hook: Method Man]
Tical... tical, tical
Pass it over here... tical... tical, tical
What's that shit that they be smokin'? Tical... tical, tical
Pass it over here... tical... tical, tical

[Outro: Method Man]
One two uh, one two one two
One two uh... (stick a fat tical in your butt, yeah baby fuckin with tical)
(Yeah, niggas better recognize... tical...)