[Intro]
You know? Through being humbles
True Mast' on the track. Like that, you know?
Been in this rap game for like the past..
Four bullets now, you know? Doing bids, yeah-yeah
I done peeped a lotta cats come through
Courageous cats, stray cats, ha-ha
Top cats with top hats, you know what I'm saying?
But it all boils down to this: we talking lyrics
Rhymes, line for line - numero uno, who the best? I don't know
Check it

[Verse 1]
Flame on, I rain fire, when Johnny Storm
I'm shocking like live wire, you have been warned
I prolong this next chamber, to make it strong
And prove all them doubters wrong
Killin 'Em Softly with this song, adding on
Let them toes get they tag on, dead men run no marathons
On my shift, shooting that gift, knowin' he snitched
On the telethon, running his lips, sinking the ship
Give back what his mother gave him, mother made him
And now she can't even save him, Johnny Blaze 'em
Send him to his final resting
Back to the essence, Faces of Death, the Final Lesson

[Hook]
Torture, torture, torture
Mothafuckin' torture, y'all niggas know

[Verse 2]
Who got John Blaze shit?
Sucking my dick to get famous
So I switched Blaze to Dangerous
Welcome to my torture chambers, torture chambers
Where John Doe's remain nameless, hear me?
I know it's Def Jam, but think clearly
I made it possible for y'all cats to come near me
Keep your enemies, close and your heat closer
I slam just like my culture on all theories
Dead that, straight off the meat rack with this one
You get burned playing Nix-on, Hot Biscuit
Stand back, don't make me spit one, and paint pictures
On the walls of your mental
With hot lead from out these pencils
Iron Lung since I was young and not knowing
Where the next meal was coming from, been troublesome
To all those posing a threat
If I go, everybody gotta go next, y'all niggas know
The code of the street soldier, I'm watching time
And time watching me colder, Grim Reaper
Breathing death on my shoulder
Waiting for the day to take me over, take me over

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
That you can never touch my flow, go 'head and hate me
Still tryna fuck my ho, Johnny-come-latelies?
Got me in a world of shit, and now I'm pissed
Mama said there'd be days like this
This the Season for Ducks and my pen's bleeding
Leaving kids barely breathing for sneak-thieving
Famished from lack of eating and lack of teaching
Banished from Rhyme and Reason for high treason
Can it be, that the kid with the knock knees
Got G to make a grown man cop pleas, for this track
I got a Lovebug like Starski
Blow back, until I drop Tical Part 3
Ain't no stopping when you start me, John Jay
Pulling your card, mayday mayday, niggas owe they life to God
And now it's payday, take it how ya wanna take it
Fully clothed or butt-naked, I learned the hard way
Ain't nothing sacred in this world, time to face it
Johnny Basic, instinct, I'm sure to make it
While others fake it, fuck the spotlight, G-O-D already got light
Say what you like, just spell my name right
No doubt, this one goes out, to all you trout-fish
Cake niggas, keep my dick up out your mouth

[Hook]