[Intro: RZA, (Method Man), {Y-Kim the Ill Figure}]
Shit is banging! You see what I'm saying? Our shit is banging!
(Our shit is staining, son) Yo, Shaolin running this shit, son!
Running this shit! (Staining) What's up, Y-Kim? 'Sup, nigga?
{What's up, man? What's up?}
What's up? Representing Brownsville
Know I'm saying? Base, peace to all my Brownsville niggas!
{The alcoholics son} What's going on, son?
Peace to all my Putnam Avenue motherfuckers!
Bedford-Stuy, nigga!
(Yeah, peace to the valley goat..)
Peace to my Wild Wild West Brighton niggas! (Big up The Bridge!) Yeah, FUCK outta here, nigga

[Verse 1: Method Man]
All I hear is gun shots
Can I touch something? What the Blood Clot!?!
Nigga want Tical, make it happen
You know my fucking style, fuck the rapping
We can take it back to '85 if you wanna start acting like you live
It's all good, I'm rolling with my clique
Owls, Backwoods and Phillies
Smoking cess blunts, mixed with illy got me flustered
Now the whole world looks dusted
I'm in the area with the steel that never rusted
For real, nigga touch it and you burn
When will motherfuckers learn?
What be spreading like a germ? Haha, it's Meth, word
I be that early bird that got the worm and if you check it
I'm on point, like a fax machine you get the message
It's be no question it's them, bust the second guessings
Keep your thoughts on your lessons
What the Blood Clot!?!
To tell the truth you don't amaze me
Killa Hill Project, a Star Trek phaser couldn't faze me
What? Check the Raider Ruckus, fuck this
Smoke a Dutchmaster, have 'em screaming for the dutchess
Yeah, I gotta have it, so I strive to stack my papes
If I don't do it for mydelf, I'ma do it for Kase
'Cause that's my peoples
I'm giving you injections that be lethal
Weapons, when niggas start to half stepping, then I get evil
But don't let that negative vibe right there mislead you
I'm humble, a fucking Killa Bee, far from bumble
I sting you - bzzz - and I bring you
Thirty-six Chambers of head banger, bitch
What ya deal with? I think the mic's on the fritz
Faggot soundmen, they be sabotaging shit
Look up in the sky, it's a bird, it's a plane
Meth-Tical, let the whole world know my fucking name
What the Blood Clot!?!

[Outro: Method Man]
Yeah, yeah, you know what I'm saying?
Keep it reals on this thing
First of all I'd like to give a big up, peace and shout out
To my brothers in the belly of the beast
Raider Ruckus, we friends to the end and back again, baby. One love
Gin Lover, Shitty Brown, Pus Head, Pil, the P.L.L
Stack DAT, Dusty, Storm, Suu! We still in here, nigga
Jamel, one love, baby, Nice
Uncle Eric aka Shane, I ain't forget you, nigga
Shakim, Nutt, Big Shaft, K. Fisk, Big Free from Cipher Heat
All the fugitives on the run
Everybody from Rikers Island to San Quentin
And a big major shout out to my old dad who just got home on work release
Keep your heads up niggas

My people!

(Yeah that nigga fucking Dirty Bastard, God, that nigga is crazy)
Fucked with a napkin on his dick
(laughter)