[Intro: Busta Rhymes + Method Man]
Ayo, Tical?
What up, fam?
You know Bus-a-Bus had to come see you, God, it's good to see you, God
Good too see you too, God
Let's take the streets for a little ride
Okay, we ridin' high
Yeah, you better light your L, smoke your L, and just—
—kiss the sky
Huh! And if you ever disrespect the Bus' or Meth—
Bye, dead man—die
Yeah, I-I-I think the streets been lookin' for this one for a long time, God
Yeah, yo
Come on!

[Verse 1: Method Man + Method Man & Busta Rhymes]
I came to bring the pain, more hard to the brain
(Tical), I'm bustin' that ass again
I burn like acid rain, that ass is lame
These niggas tryna see how I come? ask your dame
Ain't it evident I'm hittin' it? (Yes!) Meth for President
Be in hell with gasoline drawers just for the hell of it
And I ain't delicate, flows hot as kettle get
Now if you ain't fucking with that, you must be celibate
Spazz, just a little, got a sack we can sizzle
Little hash in the middle, where it at? In the middle, yup
Mommy if you got a fat ass, make it jiggle yup
Put it in my next video shot by Little X
And M-E-F gon' work til their ain't any left
I'm trying to get what I'm worth and not a penny less
Think fast, (Come on!) bank cash (Come on!)
Everybody do it with you stank-ass (Come on!)

[Chorus: Method Man + Method Man & Busta Rhymes]
This shit'll make you rob somebody (What!), grab somebody (What!)
Stomp somebody (What!), slap somebody (What!)
Make you wanna step to the bar and sip Bacardi (What!)
Wild out, spaz in the club, we in the party (What!)
Brooklyn (Come on!), Shaolin (Come on!)
Queensbridge down to Long Island (Come on!)
Bronx, nigga (Come on!), Manhattan (Come on!)
To each and every hood, what's happenin'? (Come on!)

[Interlude: Method Man + Busta Rhymes]
Yeah, real talk, nigga, come on, Bus'
Ayo, Meth—let me get at these niggas
Yeah

[Verse 2: Busta Rhymes]
Now watch me back your shit up
I hope your people pull up and pick up and pack your shit up
Homey it's time to move
While I'm seeing right through you let me relieve you all of your
Figures seating screeching, never believing you niggas (Come on)
Go head and babble you can watch me patiently waiting
Aiming, attacking, instead I'mma let one of my bitches slap you
I invite you and your niggas to try and feel the wrath
Of the unruly unawakening of a sleeping giant
(Very defiant) Once I give you the pressure and then I apply it
And then your breathin' is stopped and totally quiet
Captain of this ship so call me the pilot
I leave you and your crew to collide with me then I
Stomp on a nigga, just like a herd of a thousand cattle
That'll travel over your face and frazzle your shit
Chop you worse than a brick and then we torture you
And then get the reverend, and get to steppin', nigga

[Chorus: Busta Rhymes + Method Man & Busta Rhymes]
This shit'll make you rob somebody (What!), grab somebody (What!)
Stomp somebody (What!), slap somebody (What!)
Make you wanna step to the bar and sip Bacardi (What!)
Wild out, spaz in the club, we in the party (What!)
Brooklyn (Come on!), Shaolin (Come on!)
Queensbridge down to Long Island (Come on!)
Bronx, nigga (Come on!), Manhattan (Come on!)
To each and every hood, what's happenin'? (Come on!)

[Interlude: Busta Rhymes + Method Man]