[Produced by Salaam Remi]

[Intro: Mack Wilds]
Yo! You ready?

[Verse 1: Mack Wilds]
So we ball and pop champagne and waste it
See I've never been a drinker but a nigga tastin'
But I'm fine, fly guy dressed to take shit
And these ladies wanna be taken
In my mind, all I see is dollars and lace when
This bad chick just started waving
The crowd parted as I make my way, and
I said, "hey little mama, come live for a day"

[Bridge: Mack Wilds]
She said: "Excuse me cutie, I'm in love with your ways
The more you come around the more I want just a day
The way you looking got me wanting to play
Where are you from? So tell me, where do you stay?"

[Hook: Method Man (Mack Wilds]
(In the land of the wild things)
You see them killas from the slum
If they feelin' froggy, sleep, we kill em from the jump
Its a... (wild thing)
You see the shotty with the pump
The black Maserati with the body in the trunk
(In the land of the wild things)
Your blessings, better count that twice
Come on little money, you ain't bout that life
Its a... (its a wild thing)
You know we gotta style on em, right?
My wolves and a full moon, we wild for the night!

[Verse 2: Mack Wilds]
Come along, I'll tell you a story of greatness
A young nigga born, being sacred
From the town where when niggas were frowned on and hating
By the clown and pussy niggas scared to say shit
All the while, the kid sat around and waited
Writing rhymes, singing every cadence
A couple niggas thought he never make it
I guess them hating ass niggas never knew what fate is
[Bridge + Hook]

[Verse 3: Mack Wilds]
I come from the crime side, the New York Times side
S.I., Til I D.I.E, I grew up hearing that Wu knock
Watchin' them guns cock back
Jet black, you feel like Hercules
Hercules, hercules; Get a hand clap
Damn that, Nevy got me covered like Saran Wrap
My whole hood jumping now, guess I did that
While these ladies wanna covet on my ballsack
Lightskin brother, smooth like butter
Coming from the city where most blocks were Summer
In the hood, we believed there was no need for change
Cause we believed that change ain't got shit on C.R.E.A.M
But I came to bring the pain, hardcore from the brain
With a 1 1/2 against the grain
Pop's shop popping only means one thing
Shoalin's back again!

[Hook]

[Outro: Method Man]
Welcome to Staten fuckin' Island, scrappy
This the bottom, the dirt, ratchet shit
Ain't nothing but goons out here, fuckboy
Now is you a wolf, or is you a sheep?
I got your Ghetto Metrocard right here nigga, if you wanna ride
Stapleton, the Wild West, Homicide Houses
New Brighton, Arlington, The Harbor
You know who you fuckin' with?