[Sheek Louch]
Yea D-Block BlackHand Wad-d-d-up!?

[Hook: Grafh]
(Hey Hey) I Bring The Goons Out
(Hey Hey) I Bring The Goons Out
(Hey Hey) I Bring The Goons Out
(Hey Hey) I Bring Them Out
Lotta Badman
Whole Lotta Murderers
Whole Lotta Bad Man
Whole Lotta Murderers
Whole Lotta Bad Man
Whole Lotta Murderers
Black Hand Renegades
We Ain't Never Heard Of Ya

[Verse 1: Grafh]
I said Where the cash at? Where the cash at?
Cash rob another bank where the mask at?
Prince rob a dough boy where the stash at?
Ask a little model ho where the ass at?
My shooters ask where to shoot? Where to blast at?
I pointed at ya crib click click clack clack
You not like me you a lab rat
A can of whoop ass trick you can have that
Brraattt! Im from Jaimaica Queens where they sling that crack
Right in front of ya kids nigga bring that strap
Bring ya lame ass back you see niggas lookin fly
With Fur animal coats that look alive
Louie V Gucci T who am I?
I am your suicide super sized
I shoot the fifth iI shoot the five
Lemme see if you could survive (whats Up?)

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Sheek Louch]
Yeaaahhh now get up out ya seat this hi-hop
This white airs nah no flip flops
This back blocks hear them loud Glocks?
This Levis Nike boots hoodi socks
This Big chains this yankee hats
But we ain't playin baseball with them wooden bats
This project buildins, this hood rats
This dope fiends, this Brooklyn Queens
This Yonkers Harlem this by any means
Don Gorilla the don don the bron bron
I Told you i murder whatever im on
This hoop di music this limo tinted
This two or three burners in a dirty rented
This brown liquor this ace of spades
This petron and pineapple my lemonade
This nobody safe here everyday they raid

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Grafh]
Where the cash at? Where the cash at?
You lookin at the future fuck where the past at?
Im lookin at yo peep ho where the class at?
We standing at yo momma crib where the grass at?
I drop one bomb where the grass at?
Where the trash can go? where the trash at?
Hit'em with a oh! Where the gangstas spit those hollows
They in the club with me with them big ol bottles
Big ol hammers with them big ol nozzles
Fuck a size one where my nigga big ol models?
With big ol asses the show dont stop
Oh no ya whole gangsta is photo shoped
Homo block doedoe so the poepoe watch
Doedoe i flood the hall to ya polo top
Logo black all iron and robocop
Or the 44 thatll blow a hole in ya top