[Intro]
Ayo light it up nigga, where that liquor at?

[Verse 1: Sheek Louch]
They said you should be thankful for what you got
I said, you should be thankful for what I'm not
If this was 'Back Then Sheek' , niggas is getting shot (D-Block!)
Running through these streets like I'm homeless
Single parent, my momma couldn't condone this(I love you ma)
I was broke, but I felt like I should own this
Young nigga, thoughts of getting paid
I was around bad bitches, thoughts of getting laid (Yeah!)
Still indictments king, houses getting raid
Niggas straight snitching, the coke was getting weighed.(Woo!)
Looking at the Aston, my little niggas was blasting(Yeah!)
Imagine not eating for a full month, like we fasting(Hah)
But Allahu Akbar from a cop car
Hoping they won't  shoot a popular rap star
Shooting, but love the scuffle
Money in a Louis duffle
Range Rover, what a couple
Hating, you don't like me? Fuck you
Love when I be acting up
Hammer out back them up
Bring his chain on the block, my niggas be cracking up.(Let me see that shit)
Yeah I'm on my bullshit, .38 revolver hoe
Smoke weed,  drink, pop percs, like they're Tylenol.(So what)
Getting money since a kid, before I signed a record deal
Puff seen it in my eyes, LOX niggas real, for real
Battled everybody, stand outside with the shotty in the bushes
Knew the dope fiends and the addicts and the pushers
Ten years in the game, ten years with the same
D-Block, LOX, a household name

[Hook]
I ain't had a pot to piss in
But a lil' nigga listen, so I figured I be getting some dough(Yeah!)
Grew up on the block, cocaine rock, dope and weed spots
Them shooting niggas letting it go (D-Block!)
But I love it, I always say that I'll rise up above it
But the streets keep pulling me in (Yeah!)
You can't be mad at me for trying to win.(Niggas gonna go in)
How the fuck did I love this?

[Verse 2: Ghostface Killah]
Running all these red lights
Auntie in the crib, half asleep, with a hundred brick stacked under her right
Never been the same, since he held his first pack
Put it in a little nigga hands, show them how to work that
Eating shrimp scampi with scallions and medallions on
Cubans on the dinner plates, sculpture with them lions on them
Bracelets, all my shooters in Asics
Blunt rats, so hammers in their holsters, wasted
Political killers, with digital pillars till my bro's butt naked in the box, don't daylight feel us?
Made the board as soon as he put down appealing
Got that nine record longer than a mess hall ceiling
Outdoors, still squirting in the mouth of whores
BMF credit dirty, lawyers still vouching for us
Safe deposit boxes, sharp oxes
Murder you, have your dick hanging out your boxers

[Hook]
I ain't had a pot to piss in
But a lil' nigga listen, so I figured I be getting some dough(Yeah!)
Grew up on the block, cocaine rock, dope and weed spots
Them shooting niggas letting it go (D-Block!)
But I love it, I always say that I'll rise up above it
But the streets keep pulling me in (Yeah!)
You can't be mad at me for trying to win
How the fuck did I love this?

Yeah! D-Block! Woo!