[Intro: Only One]
This for everybody that died in the line of duty
And what do I mean by the line of duty?
I mean people who got killed by the police
Just doing what they do

[Verse 1: Only One]
I spit the plagues of Moses, home-made explosives
Soirée for dope, body engulfed in flames of smoke
Getting laced with bullets
Getting sprayed with hoses like Raid with roaches
Feds think they're John McClane or John McCain
I keep a Sonya Blade, throw fire like Johnny Cage
I put you on ice like a hockey game
My strap like Axe; I hit you with that body spray
My fam caught a lot of cases
So we don't talk, we only speak in body language
The shots make your body jerk
My fam is a mechanic with the body work
Nobody get hurt, nobody get earthed
Nobody get searched, that's a body of work
You don't wanna leak bodily fluids
‘Cause you dead if you lose your body heat

[Hook: Illmaculate]
Lose your body heat, it's cold-blooded on these streets
But honestly, I feel like "Fuck the cops!"
Make a mockery of every law you preach
Smoke a lot of tree and scream "Fuck the cops!"
They can sleep under dirt, it's no loss to me
Greed, money, dirt, shit, "Fuck the cops!"
Oh well, we bustin' first, before I leave
I leave you these humble words "Fuck the cops!"

[Bridge: Only One]
Nobody move and nobody get hurt
Nobody move and nobody get hurt
Nobody move and nobody get hurt
Nobody move… (nobody move…)

[Verse 2: Only One]
Nobody move and nobody get hurt
I wanna murk, but I'll start with bank robbery first
A lot of dirt, I did it, I confess
What the fuck you gonna do about it?
Put me under citizen's arrest?
Unforgiven with a gun, kill a pig, don't give a fuck
They said he's innocent, I said he's innocent of what?
Four-fifth'll lift him up, mortician zip him up
Corpses go through rigor mortis and stiffen up
Makaveli, Makaveli, feds phone-tapped his celly
So hit me on the phone jack, it's at the deli
Wonder Showzen, cut a motherfucker open
Hit him till the gun is broken, ‘cause it wasn't loaded
Cutting coke that's oven-roasted
Jumping over bugs and roaches
I would kill a pig, just promote it over Dunkin' Donuts
If I'm investigated, I'll throw plastic explosives
With a basket of roses
And his casket gets closed and detonated, like that!

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Only One]
I'm like them Compton guys, not on some race shit
Just content-wise, I'm on some N.W.A. shit
And black people still like me
‘Cause I say shit like "Fuck the cops!" and "Kill whitey!"
I nicknamed my AR, Chris Lighty
Featherweight, if threats are made, I don't take the shit lightly
You get the drop on me? I doubt that shit highly
From off the hip, 30 rounds come out the clip – try me!
Shoot cops, shoot cops; 2Pac, 2Pac
Put one in your tube top, and one in your food box
You pussy police, pull out your teeth
Pull out the heat, bullet lullaby put you to sleep

[Hook]

[Bridge]