[Intro]
"Good evenin' ya'll, welcome to the Fuzzy Doggy"

[Verse 1]
Yeah, he saw a lot of shit and talked a lot of shit
He tried to stay on top of it but did the opposite
And when it started comin' apart
The poor man thought he did the obvious
And hopped inside a tour van
He was a roadie for your favorite indie-what band
Big enough to make the cool kids say: "Fuck them"
He was a sucker sellin' merch for the summer
Thought it sounded fun and it made a little bread 'n butter
"I love ya," the last words heard as the bus pulls away from the curb (From the curb)
As it pulled on the 94 he forgot about the line and the crime and the times before
Already missed her
Bitch-made, lift her, switchblade, pull her, ribcage, quivers
Leave a message, chokin' on the vocals
Callas on the finger he uses to dial the mobile
A week into it he was a freak, he knew it
A nervous wreck, couldn't sleep he couldn't do shit
He hadn't heard from her in a couple days
"What? You too busy? C'mon, give me a fuckin' break"
You want an explanation
Cause right now you feelin' just a little exploitation
Phone call found home in a sound
Calm down now, don't let the walls all fall down now

[Break: Spoken]
"You are teaching yourself to play the keyboard? What kind of bullshit is that? Oh, are you for real? Thats why you didn't call me back?"

[Verse 2]
Well alright
Just try to make it through the tour alive
Soon enough you get to drive up 35
Gotta survive a little more time on the road before you get to go home to your life
And when the shit looks familiar
You know it didn't kill ya
Just more dirt in the filter
When you get up in the house
You can sit her on the couch
And show her what its really all about now

[Break: Spoken]
And maybe she will serenade you (Play me something)
With a song that she wrote for you (Yeah, yeah, show me- play me somethin)
Because she missed you (Play me somethin!)
And she loves you, right?

[Verse 3]
Honey, I'm home!
But your shits all gone
And you're gone too
Yo, this shits all wrong
She packed up and moved out
Bagged up and flew out the nest
I guess she had to track up a new route
What? She took the keyboard
It's for the best
She'll need something to do when she gets depressed
And when you get obsessed
You can spend your breath
Lookin' out the window waitin' for her footsteps
And not a single dream goes by
Without the pretty little fingers making notes fly
Middle of the night, tryin to sleep
But you hear her at the front door fuckin' with her keys

[Chorus]
Now she thinks of you
When she plays those keys
She knows which notes she ain't write on her own
Theres no way to make her wait and stay lonely
But maybe someday your baby might have a home

Now she thinks of you
When she plays those keys
She knows which notes she ain't write on her own
Theres no way to make her wait and stay lonely
But maybe someday your baby might have a home

Now she thinks of you
When she plays those keys
She knows which notes she ain't write on her own
Theres no way to make her wait and stay lonely
But maybe someday your baby might have a home

[Chorus 2]
When I hear her songs
It makes the sun shut down
It doesn't come back until she goes away
I wait until the day she don't come around
And I listen to the sound of no more to say

[Outro]
"I got nothing to say to you. For real. I'm gonna get off the phone now. Yeah. Have a good night" (Night, night, night, night, night, night, night, night, night, night, night, night, night, night, night, night, night, night, night, night, night, night)