[Verse One: Musab]
I wanna get up off the block but I'm struggling
So I'm dumping the rocks, my bucks doubling
Nothing in the world, seems right today
To find some pay, we end up making license plates
Gotta get my mind straight cause I'm thinking sideways
I don't wanna be another number in the crime rate
And they blame me for every incident
The pimping shit, the drugs coming in them ships
I don't control that
I just wanna get some gear off the clothes rack
They give us years cause we sold crack
Phone taps when niggas don't own jack
Make it go flat, open up the world like a road map

[One Be Lo]
They never killed Christ, this life full of deception
The pimp life, chicks ride dicks with erections
These rich guys, wrist ice, still in depression
They sniff white, get pipes, lethal injection
We used to fist fight, niggas chrome waist now
Some trapped in the life and think there's no way out
They barely know they child, ain't no Colgate smiles
Do crime, do time, this ain't O.J. trials
Get wild without Shaprio, about deniro
Our lives get shot for less amounts than zero
Material gain got us living insane
This physical plain, it's hard just a typical thang

[Hook: Musab (One Be Lo)
I got no money
(Only two duckets for now)
And I'm so hungry
(Listen to my stomach it growls)
They make us weak, they got us on a chase for cheese
It's make believe but we gotta slave to eat
(There's no country)
That escapes the wrath
(And there's nobody)
That can change the pass
(So when we kick it with them people, strive to always be true
This world is full of evil, don't let it deceive you)

[Verse Two: Musab]
Who committed treason?
We get convicted for believing white
Your leader tells us, picketh from the Tree Of Life
I see the light at the end of the tunnel
Read the lies that mankind is sent from a jungle
Propaganda, typical Aquaman bluffs
You are the real criminals that we can't trust
Stand up on the day of reckoning
Tell the Lord that you disrespected Him and His benevolence

[One Be Lo]
The sun rise in the east, there's nothing new under it
Then we got it set in the west, fallen it's time to get
A taste of the good life
Hustle big, run a biz
Own a couple cribs
Look how television done your kids
They got us all running after the beast
Got these white boys thinking that they blacker than me
Don't know the consequences of they actions and deeds
Fuck TV, I'm trying to watch my back in the street

[Hook]

[Verse Three: Musab]
Big doe, pistols, who really pimp hoes?
Hugh Hef' who collects money from his folks
You just laugh like it's really a big joke
Why is crack in every city the kids smoke?
Who was in the cockpit? Honest
I wish I could've seen through the eyes of the hostage
The unseen, one thing you can't control
So come clean cause [?] who knows

[One Be Lo]
Can you tell me what's real, what's make believe?
Can you really say your girl is living faithfully?
Do you know when you fucking with the AIDS disease?
Or illuminati governments and agencies
Is it 'bout terrorism, religion or world control
What happens when you gain that and lose your soul?
Now that's real and everybody gotta die
Yo that's the only thing I know in this life that's not a lie

[Hook]