[Girl on voicemail]
Hi, this is a message for Sean
I don't know if I'm going to be able to deliver this very well
But, um, here it goes

Can't understand the compatibility between a rat and a monkey
Because eight years changes your whole mentality
And can I ask how many times was it your subconscious mind
That made the decision that resulted in the unwanted confrontations
The parking violations and the boy with the Arab Strap?
Listening to the dead air on the radio
Trying to decide which exit to take on the I-94, feeling kinda lost having misplaced the directions
Say still three circles careful not to lair
One week later I find out I've got the whole rest of my life to live
But nothings for certain I could die tomorrow
And I don't know if you know who this is but I can smell the liquor on your breath
I was just wondering if you might like to sit and talk about
I was just wondering if you might like to sit and talk about the carpet and the ceiling for a while. for a while

Wise men couldn't see it in their dreams
But up rose the poets from the speed queens and the weed fiends
Speakings dissected deciphered by the undernourished purists
No longer is it a get over situation
What are you really saying? (Do you think she's listening?)
What are you really saying? (Do you think she's really listening?)
What are you really saying? (Do you think she's really listening?)
Do you think she's listening?

If it makes you feel better, go head
Make me feel small
I know what you're up to baby, build your wall
You think you've seen it all? And life has no surprises
Until you call out my name and return you get (silence)
She's a high plains drifter, loner baby's a rebel
Cool disposition getcha, shows you new level
Crazy, abrasive, enough to make me wanna taste
To figure out what makes it tick so I can dig it out and break it
Curiosity killed the cat but liquor helped me build back all of the confidence dripped
Intrigued by the fact that she could fuck, shower and bounce out my house like that
Left me sleeping with my doubts
Okay, wait I know her steez, self-inspired detachment
Keeps her cold like a breeze, she needs a heated passion
Good bedroom stabbin' break your back kinda fun
Wild, buck, turn the beats up, I'm loud when I cum
And outta no where, she says, "Word, I'll go there"
"Should we leave now, or do you want to stay a while?" she says, "I don't care"
Instant-ly my jacket is on and I'm erect
Get with me, "Baby where'd you park, let's jet"
Yo, she's the kind of girl that doesn't want no relationship
But damn I think she's kinda cool but damn just be patient kid
Regular basis for sex for quite a while
Puppy chased his tail carded yo he wants the idol now
Never shoulda brought it like that
Cause now when I think about it and look back
I'll never forget the way she laughed when I asked
If the only way I'll ever get to see her is when she's on her back
B-b-but the first time we fucked was shaken
Wild, Digital Underground style, no lies, no exaggeration
"Glad to make your acquaintance, what's your name again?"
"Molly"
"Good golly Miss, here take my digits please call me"
She was cool like that "Yo how'd you get like that?
I've never had a date that gave me head like that"
And it was said like that and she replied with a "thank you"
"Before you leave Molly, let me kiss that tattoo on your ankle"
And she was out, didn't see her again for the week no call
And when she see me, no attempt to speak
So like a good bitch I make the example "Baby, how you been?"
Half an hour later we're in a park, fucking like old friends
Turn on a dome light to get my pants on right
"Travel safe, see your ass around, have a good night" (bye)
That's it, no conversation, game playin' over some coffee
She's out, moments after she pulled that body off me
I'm stressed, I'm stressed, I'm so confused
She doesn't seem like the type that's that loose
So maybe she does, realistically I don't know her that well
But if you let me, I'd follow that sexy ass to Hell and back
Tell her that (tell her that)

Yo, you think she's really listening? (x4)

If it makes you feel better, go head
And make me feel small
I know what you're up to
Baby, build your wall
You think you've seen it all?
And life has no surprises
'Til you call out my name and return you get silence