[Mixtape Intro]
I snap back from this
I'm back now
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Look, look

[Video Intro]
Don't ever talk back to your parents
Don't smoke weed - ever
Always remember to turn the stove off before you leave the house
Uh, uh
Yeah, look

[Verse]
Man, I've been having problems lately, and it's not fun
Life is flying by my face at fucking Mach 1
It makes me wanna pull a Cobain with a shotgun
So, I guess I'm kinda lucky I ain't got one
Because I'd pop one, with no hesitation
And leave the shit behind, without an explanation
I would have no fear and no trepidation
But this is hypothetically in my imagination
I ain't gonna do it, 'cause I ain't suicidal
Suicide's just been on my mind for a while
My stupid mind's fucked up, and thoughts are running wild
That's the reason it's been kinda hard to crack a smile
I'd love to crack a bottle, and smoke some fucking weed
But those things are the cause of my fucking grief
And yeah, it's bugging me, these issues underneath
There's shit I deal with that I don't let anybody see
It's the kind of thing that nobody would guess
Because I'm always laughing, even when I'm depressed
But it just sucks because my mind can never rest
And then I go and get that funny feeling in my chest
It's like everybody's talking, but I can't hear 'em speak
My stomach's turning over, and my knees are getting weak
If I throw up or pass out, they'll think that I'm a freak!
And now I'm sweating!
Hey! Can someone please turn off the heat!?
I can't focus, my heart's racing
I can't sit still, so I start pacing
Wish I believed in God, so I could start praying
But I'm an atheist
Man, ain't that heartbreaking?
I'm strong enough to do this, and I know it
But lately I'm just really questioning all of my motives
Life is feeling like I'm just going through the motions
It's a long and boring movie: I just want it to be over
And that scares me, 'cause I don't like that
I really wonder how I got to where my life's at
My mind's wack, so I try and fight back
And then I vent between the kicks and the hi-hats
Like, "Dear Diary, I'm really fucking mad!
I got anxiety. I fucking hate my dad!
I get depressed a lot, I'm so much more than sad
I wish I had a life like all them other people had."
But then, I think to myself:
"Some people got it worse
Some people missing loved ones leaving in a hearse
And I'm just sitting here, writing down this verse
Acting like I got the worst luck on Planet Earth?"
Well, that's not how it is, so how can I complain?
Just 'cause I got some crazy shit rolling inside my brain?
There's people out there sleeping in the fucking rain
Or getting cancer treatments and they in constant pain
So, I'm sorry, life, for acting like a bitch
I promise that I'm gonna work on all this stupid shit
I won't just stop trying
Nah, I ain't gonna quit
Why? 'Cause that just ain't like Jeremy Schmitt