​Studmosphere
By Studrique
Prod. by Ant

[Intro]

"Who am I?"

[Verse 1] [Bare Witness Contd.]

I'm a Latter Day Saint; I've reached enlightenment
I've come to nirvana what Kirk Cobian hit
Jehovah's Witness; I'm a Christian
A wholehearted follower and life longer learner of Jesus
Walking through the Jordan; I'm close to being tossed
I am an enigma; my throat is in a frog
I cling to a cross 'cause I'm tired and lost
I'm a learner I'm a leader I'm a boss I'm a don
I'm Slug I'm K. Dot Lecrae I'm Chance
The devil prances dances try'na get inside my pants
He's trying to reside in all of God's plans
He's offering fame it's a bad romance
The only thing standing in my way is me
I used to bump Mac Miller I used to live free
Now I live in indentured servanthood
Slave to the Lord and He is so good
I'm closer to death every second
Still unsure if I'mma make it into Heaven
So much info on my noggin
But deep down I trust that God's got this

[Verse 2] [Hellp Contd.]

Take out this heart of stone and give me a heart of flesh
Haven't given all I admit I confess
Yes I'm the cause of all of my stress
I need you now to clean up my mess
I believe you lived for me
I believe you died for me
Why oh why does my heart remain heavy?
Beating my chest sinner's prayer
Not saved now will be later
Consumed by the darkness all I feel is numb
I look to the cross and I see your love
Stained in sin I feel like scum
You be the hand let me be the glove
My soul is lost and what it needs is your direction I know I've told you I do not need your protection
But I lied to you, this thing is tiring
And man was not created for it
God, please retire me now

[Verse 3] [Metanoia Contd.]

Selfish Selfless Enigmatic Captive
Thrown against the wall need to see the bigger canvas
Undergrad but the past ain’t past tense
Dampened marks on the glass don’t make cents
Ricky Suave no one’s compadre
Isolated I wanna relate but I'm
Quick to judge so I get no hugs
Unique in the way I show my love
Erasing regrets? Impossible
Evading the storms? Improbable
Never been the type to stagnate regress
Run the race of faith I ain't ever second best
I can't be the Superman people ask for
Quasimodo these rhymes my stance yo
U and I have yet to greet nice to meet
Enrique’s the name, how's life for you? Neat

[Verse 4] [Fake Friend Contd.]

He pasado 50 años
De tu tiempo en este mundo
Doy gracias a Dios por darme un padre
Más grande que Vicente
Me apoya mi camino paciente
Me amas como hijo y pa
Nunca me dejaste faltar
Pido que hoy tienes felicidad
Mi madre santa hija
Te amo más allá del sol y las estrellas
Me has caminado el camino Católica
Ahora he cambiado te apoyo Cristiano
Spending time and joy that's the motto
We might never ever get to win the lotto
But you make it work with money dad got you
Grateful you have been for me a role model

[Verse 5] [Fake Friend Contd.]

Happy birthday to my classmate of eight years
Shared a lot of laughs lot of fears lot of tears
Been with me since my old days of acting
Now you're around while I'm out busy rapping
Hope you find God 'cause He's looking for you
He loves you like a son it's a promise it's the truth
If you ever need anything from me just ask
Grateful for the friendship that has last
Sisters I love you I need to spend more time with you
I wrote this rhyme for you when I should just sit and dine with you
This beat is reminiscent of the theme to Blues Clues
Lot has changed in my life since I turned two
Hoping you find God in all of his beauty
Love you two to death truly madly deeply
Physically drained I need to recharge my battery
With my family the greatest sisters I have ever seen