[Verse 1: Glo]
I got a problem, I got a real big problem
But, this situation goes way past using a condom
But I must admit sometimes I don't roll on one
Diseased? No, not at all son, but am I really sure about the origins of my sneeze and high Feev's I seem to catch too easily all to often, nowadays, plus I'm constantly coughing
Exhaustion just from walking, could it be ways I'm caught in a zone of coincidenti-ality, past technicalities of girls I boned, or is God simply saying he's mad at me?
That'll be ill, but still I know
It's a combo of the last two this time's been passed due
Living life off the mercy of the Lord
Now I ask you, 'Is it worth it?' Hell no! Sure, I scored
But, after once or twice you get bored
Looking into the face of someone who you have no care for
And, then she relays she's pregnant, but, that's not all, there's more
You've been diagnosed with WHAT??!! Though I say I didn't give it with conviction, I'm unsure
HMMMM, Did I when we did it?
My conscious tried to mention my symptoms, I didn't listen
So, is it
Chlamydia from Lydia or Syphilis from Phyllis
Or Gonorrhea from Lawana or Leah
I'm looking in the mirror, 'I Can't believe ya, I can't believe ya'
You played yourself and gave yourself to undeserved crotches and now my skin is plagued with splotches
I ruined other peoples lives, as well as mine
It's too much for my conscious, more stress than Brent Sayers or Pharoah Monch combined, mixed
How did I get caught up in this mess
I guess I should've thought, yes, that would have prevented gave help in giving myself respect but it's too late, life has dealt me a bad card or did I take it?
Or did my bad decisions make it?
As whatever spreads I can't shake it and it will not stop
But, I'm too scared to see the doc, I just keep on until I drop
Y'all, I'm on call with death
My picture's posted on his mail room wall
But could have one good thought and decision, stopped it all?
I'll never know…

[Hook]
Just think…just think…what if you could just, just think, just…think, what if you could just, just think, just think, what if you could just, huh, just blink yourself away but, you can't you're here to stay
So, you best make decisions to live and see the next day
But, HEY, do what you wanna do
But, before you do something stupid, think it thru, man, think it thru…

[Verse 2: Sess]
Think of the ways for life before you pick the road you're living and the plagues in life before you choose on a religion
Best to save your life before it plummets and falls
I say, I can, but YO, I won't because I don't got the balls
I toss fools out my life who give me worry and stress
Regardless of those I love and now I said at the rest
Angered by my own actions as I feel the tears roll
I try to hide it with the weed smoke, but it poisons my soul
Oh, why do decisions of your life come back to haunt you
Like what goes around, comes around, kid, hey, I won't front
You know, I done did some dirt and I'll probably ain't done
Shit, I just jacked this one kid for fun, who wants some?
Done did mad thinking and then came to conclusions
Losing my mind trying to find that one fusion
Of happiness, lavish living and a little bit of sexin'
Each time I try, I seem to fly into a different direction
Staying somber and broke, fucking some trick I don't care for
Therefore the hole that I dig myself gets deeper
Creep to the liquor store, to grab another 4-0
So I can drown my sorrow into that empty 40 bottle
My homies try to cheer me up
With sticky buds and pretty hotties
I guess my body's tolerance has peaked and to all of you out there popping that weak…you best ta' think

[Hook/Outro]
Just think…just think…what if you could just, just think, just…think, what if you could just, just think, just think, what if you could just, could just, could just blink yourself away
That kid Sess'll do some dirt with no delay
I paid attention to my Pops, he didn't' play
He'd say, "Pockets, I'm depending on you son, to pull your family thru
I could give a damn what you got to do
You could get to jackin' or even selling pearly yay
But, you gotta get that loot today
I won't be here tomorrow and the rent was due yesterday, yesterday, yay-yeah…