[Verse 1]
Yeah, look
This for all the times that they flexed on me
All the times that they flexed on me
All the times they wished death on me
I should ride around with a TEC on me
Ride around with a vest on me
Ride around with her legs on me
Ride around with your new girl and your ex girl right next to me
Ridin' 'round through my old hood, but I'm still with my day ones
Hennessy in my cup now
Stay down and we came up
Had a couple niggas switch on me
Had a couple niggas change up (had a couple niggas change up)
Yeah, had a couple niggas—
Look, fuck it though 'cause we comin' up
Whole city want to fuck with us
Funny how it's the runner-up always talkin' 'bout they gon' be runnin' up
I don't need no co-signs
Do the talkin' on your own time
My verses like sixteen xannies chopped up, that's a dope line
That's a dope line, yeah
Why y'all so dramatic?
I've been known to cause static
If they want it, let 'em have it, yeah
If they want it, let 'em have it
Your city don't fuck with you
Your whole squad don't fuck with you
I just turned twenty-two and there's no tellin' what I'm gonna do

[Hook]
Yo, what's the deal? You ain't really who you say, let's keep it real
How you feel? I could never fuck with you, that's how I feel
On the real, I've been watchin' for the snakes up in the field
What's the deal? Y'all can't fuck with this
Y'all can't fuck with this (y'all can't fuck with this)
What's the deal? You ain't really who you say, let's keep it real
How you feel? I could never fuck with you, that's how I feel
On the real, I've been watchin' for the snakes up in the field
What's the deal? Y'all can't fuck with this
Y'all can't fuck with this (y'all can't fuck with this, look)

[Verse 2]
Ayy, Yours Truly on the clothes now
Nigga's sellin' out shows now
I remember I was stuck on the side of the road, car broke down
Wasn't pickin' up the phone then
So, why you callin' my phone now?
You need a favor for your bro now?
Oh, you need a feature on the low now?
Real fans and I love 'em all
Type of fans that never fuck with y'all
Y'all here for a couple years, I'll be here even when I'm gone
Heard you spent your advance money
On a watch and some Vans, homie
I put so many diamonds on Dezy she ran out of hands for me
Plane flights on plane flights, I've been workin' like day and night
Your squad go to sleep early, my squad workin' late nights
My squad got the same dreams, gettin' new money with the same team
Ayy, hold up
Fuck 'em all, I'ma do me

[Hook]
Yo, what's the deal? You ain't really who you say, let's keep it real
How you feel? I could never fuck with you, that's how I feel
On the real, I've been watchin' for the snakes up in the field
What's the deal? Y'all can't fuck with this
Y'all can't fuck with this (y'all can't fuck with this)
What's the deal? You ain't really who you say, let's keep it real
How you feel? I could never fuck with you, that's how I feel
On the real, I've been watchin' for the snakes up in the field
What's the deal? Y'all can't fuck with this
Y'all can't fuck with this (y'all can't fuck with this, look)