[Intro]
It's so beautiful outside, and it's about that time baby
Let's go!
I mean, it's just so funny man
They said we could never do it, right?
Y'all said this was impossible, right?
Well, look where we at now
Look what we're doing man
We're just some young niggas coming up from the bottom
It's about time to let y'all know

[Verse]
I said we styling on niggas, wilding on niggas
Fright as I hit the block I'm steady clowning on niggas
You know, it's all love on this side of the city
So pour another cup, bump this shit, and ride to my city
I mean, we all love them Summer Nights
Everybody loving life
Text message to my phone saying, "P you coming, right?"
Yeah you know I got to bro, I’ll be there in 20
I slip my dirty ass chucks on and I'm feeling so lucky
I'm glad to be alive, many of us don't survive
Growing up in California, ups and downs, enjoy the ride
Life is like a movie to me
She said she love me, I said, "Prove it to me."
Trying to hit the liquor store I told the bus can you wait for me
I've been working so hard I just might pop some champagne
Break my last dollar with the team it ain't a damn thing
And honestly, I couldn't tell you where we headed
But I could tell you one thing you won't ever regret it
What's up?

[Hook]
Light that spliff and rollup, if you from California
City lights and palm trees, don't talk just bang this song, please
It's light that spliff and rollup, if you from California
City lights and palm trees. (Palm trees)

[Verse 2]
Look, check, uh, and yo they love me and my city I’ll break bread with my folks
They know exactly where I'm from, I stay reppin' the coast
Dubs up!
Keep the Jager pourin', lovin' when the Lakers scorin'
Ladies, everywhere you go I just hope you ain't paying for it
Rolling with the windows down, system up all the way
Keep the Mickey's coming, homie. Not a change
Just a day in the life of a kid from Cali who's trying to live it right
Same team, same city, same time, different night
So, roll it up and take a puff for the kid
And if you ever see me rolling say "What's up" to the kid
You know, I showed love back to my peeps no matter where you're from
And as soon as my album drop they all gon' fuck with the kid
But for now, I'm just with the fam keeping it humble
And Cali nights can get crazy, it's hard to keep out of trouble
Yeah but we ain't got no worries. Ain't nobody trying to fight
We just watching the sunset on this warm, summer night
Yours Truly

[Hook]
Light that spliff and rollup, if you from California
City lights and palm trees, don't talk just bang this song, please
It's Light that spliff and rollup, if you from California
City lights and palm trees. (Palm trees)