[Intro]
Aes Rock, who the fuck is...

[Verse 1: Aesop Rock]
Well...
I was the crooked spoke before 3rd wheel
But I doom fucked divinity the first time
Now I'm cursed allergic to the flashback imagery
Stuck the key in what I thought would stitch the boons of man
And still the big fish ate the little fish (Yeah guess which one I am)
Well I took a stone from the garden of "Pardon me, who are you?"
Carved it to sharpen then parked it inside a heart of sharkskin
Organized marksmen marched in amber waves
Of DDT brain marinations pleasant peasants
Pumping life into their legends
I been around the globe in 5 lackin a compass
One version of Christ when a slicker process hostile
To the object botches, deadweight (it seems)
Fasted for 40 days straight (dream tight)
Because for 40 nights I been lickin the plate clean
Man I don't wanna be a shepherd
I think too many sheep in the flock
But someones gotta learn to herd em through the gates and keep it locked
Buried the pride of riders lurks beneath the rocks from whence they came
Buckle up for commencement of the disbelief suspension game
Yeah all goals
Honor thy brother shoveling coal
And hovering others sputtering to suffering souls
I know you know I know your plan is dwindling
Wiggin' with every breath and still you drag me through the center of this mess

[Verse 2: Cryptic One]
Let the fluid seep into this tremendous mind crevice
A trip to end this endless pseudo flowing rhyme fetish
Perhaps soon buffoons will rediscover the love
But for now sit and worship the grounds that we hover above
See the rhymes walk across hot coals in blissful silence
Under the weight the earth shakes they all turn to diamonds
Swallow the Adam's Apple seed whole
Let it get embedded in your soul
Infested poetic epidemic control
I'm bombing your brain unconstrained
Andromeda Strain
The intention is spiral through sections
As rival infections upon closer inspection
The poetic bars are new and unique
You see the start of a new sideshow carnival freak
Complete with circus tent the lead attempt to circumvent
The perfect verbiage meant to trench you cowards
(With a true sense of power)
Propel the speakers, yo, each memory's
Essentially centuries of imaginary imagery
Injected simply for sole control of humans souls
And symphonies belittle the little we own
Contorted distorted ridiculous clone
Robotic sonic monotony
Broke your monotone Atomic Aesop Rock conglomerate
Hip hop apocalypse zone
Hip hop apocalypse zone
Hip hop apocalypse zone

What's the deal, Atoms Fam?
What's the deal, Can O?
What's the deal, Def Jux?
How you feel, Stronghold?
What's the deal Weightless?
What's up with hip hop?
What's the deal, [?]?
What's the deal, Head Bop?
What's the deal, James 23?
What's up, Sonic Sum?
What's the deal Aes Rock? Big peace from Cryptic One
What's the deal, Blockhead?
How you feel, big Pawl?
What's the deal, Hangar and Jest?
And yo, I'm out y'all