GUN FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY
• a.r. •
Before shooting troops was cooler than hula hoops
High noon was your basic whoʼs who of brutal truth
Hot summer gun or box-cutter slow dance
Turn a youngʼn to a dozen paper dolls holding hands
And tricky was a wooden horse pushed up on your porch
So chicanery was yours to engage or ignore
I was on the ladder with a lotta dot pawns
So we carried lawn chairs and buckets of popcorn
Pass the popcorn
Brawl fair, cop car
Voyeur hawk him out his hinges, storm door splinters
Clamoring about, hammers out about to ring
Infiltrate each others tribes and murder each others queens
Packed to the very last rafter
Clung to the rafts and the Cameras to capture the damage
Neck swivel with a chop-chop volley
Where the ants leave nothing but the bones and the car keys
Pardon if his Ttwo feet fester
It was rude of me people
Meet left and lefter
Planted like a model of civility and honor for the sector
But never got his extra extra!
Peace for the better but it wasnʼt entertaining
So they waited for the tazing from the safety of his haven
Like bees to the honey when they lumped you up
Cuz bumper cars are only funny when they bump. know that

Hot summer gun or box-cutter slow dance
Popcorn, pocorn
Hot summer gun or box-cutter slow dance
Capture the damage, capture the damage
Capture the damage, capture the damage
Popcorn, pocorn

• el-p •
Tune to hellemundo for action packed blasphemy
Big city translate your face ʻtil it atrophy...
I let the shadenfreude boy out, actually
Deployed devoid, with grin to watch laughingly
(yeah bitch)
Pass the pʼs itʼs a laugh in, I can smell the tragedy
When hatchinʼ
Happily dispassionately patched in, alive with the menace of demise
Like "yes!" the pain dazzles...
Man
Pass the popcorn, pass the popcorn
Itʼs reality at its fastest
And yet it still unravels at a pace like molasses
Like it's the last of the seconds
Before the worst of disasters stretch past us
Wouldnʼt you agree that it is fabulous?
In the corridors of entropous wars contort drastically
Til it fits, I adjust to climates or the wilderness
Walk along my spine take the pilgrimage
Up into the section thatʼs reserved for the smirk of the coldest witnesses
Work you motherfuckers
Hooray!
Thereʼs all day to die
Innovate the mayhem with grace, the good form-fall
Fuck if Iʼm ʻa warn yʼall, now I got the front row to the greatest entertainment that an angel never saw
Sixty thousand watts of that raw
"pull the claw out of the trunk" fun
Each one teach one how to club one
Look at how they bathe up in that dove blood
Itʼs gonna be a night of thrills and chills where the sacred is made of
Mud mud

Each one teach one how to club one, club one
Popcorn, popcorn
Each one teach one how to club one
Wouldn't you agree that it is fabulous?
Popcorn, popcorn
...
Capture the damage

• a.r. •
Yo, it was a lazy day, it was amazing grace
It was a half-a-Dozen claymores daisy-chained
It wasnʼt daisies and crazy Eights
It was an ace of spades over a waiting game of slaves And saints
And every trainee face-painted, while his great escape
Grazed and ate
Heʼll never make it
When he aims he shakes
And I was overly engrossed from a very locked door
With a couple milk duds
And buckets of popcorn
Pass the popcorn
Clap clap, encore
Monkey in the middle study how
The bunker took the missiles
Age of Machines with nary a green screen
So the hecatomb is every bit as cutty as it seems
I could tell the pet from the vet
Money where his canineʼs spread and never welched on a bet
That said, know the over-under on your local hunter
And youʼll profit off his widow-makerʼs numbers every summer
Bump in the night, funny, will he catch and release ʻem?
Has he mercy, will he hack em to pieces?
Is he Dirty, will he hassle policeman
And security breach
Until impurities
Leak
Over the circuitry?
And nada milk and honey there, is only skulls and bunnies
That hop around drunk in the Land of 100 Mondays
God damn, pop the Redenbacher proper
And for christʼs sake get this man a doctor