[Intro: Aesop Rock and L.I.F.E. Long]
Aesop Rock: L.I.F.E. Long
L.I.F.E. Long: Aesop Rock, what’s the deal, fam?
Aesop Rock: Yo, yo, man, how you feeling?
L.I.F.E. Long: Yo, maintaining, just keeping it balanced, yo
Aesop Rock: Aight, what you doing now?
L.I.F.E. Long: Yo, I’m just walking around, yo.  Where were you headed?
Aesop Rock: I don’t know about that.  Sometimes, I just walk around
L.I.F.E. Long: Yo, let’s roll then.  Word
Aesop Rock: I want to check out what’s at Fat Beats anyway.  Yo, yo, what the deal, son?
L.I.F.E. Long: Yo, last night, I went to this ill spot.  Ese and Hipsta were spinning there
Aesop Rock: Aight
L.I.F.E. Long: Yo, I’m still holding

[Verse 1: Aesop Rock]
Yo, L.I.F.E. Long, yo, how you feeling?  (Aesop).  Man, I’ve been kind of tired
Sort of stuck somewhere between a floorboard and a ceiling
Somewhere between a warlord and a passive activator
Who ran to blind city blocks, provoking magic-makers
I’ll spin wild, alligator-skin style (Style)
Rocking a limp that deflects, that hurting verbs in of a serpent (Ah)
Rattlesnakes try to slide awkward
Walking a dozen broken promises without a goal to walk toward
I’ma be dirty for preservation of the medium
And travel through a brick jungle, thick puzzle (Puzzle)
Baby, this ugly demeanor is an archetype stone style
Phoenix for the bastard, morbid scene and orbit randomly
Raw paranoia (-noia).  New York is gonna burn tonight
And goddamn if I’ma let you off easy (Goddamn)
Twenty Thousand Leagues under a sleepy generation
With a line around a block and a populace sick of weight

[Verse 2: L.I.F.E. Long]
L.I.F.E. Long (Yo, yo), número uno, master of rhyme judo
Disasterous with Aesop (Yo, yo), damaging, spitting
Hurricanes and tornados.  When we in town, whole cities shut down
Earthquake handlers be measuring the length of our sound
We extra-prolific, terrific, explicit, crosstaminated
With sick maneuvers, on a legendary quest, mission
Nomadic like Zelda with our ears to the ground, hearing
Earth’s forces, trooping through inner city parks
On iron horses.  But this time, we short on cab fare
Ain’t tryna evade ‘cause DTs always stare (See them watch this)
Keep the movement safe, enjoying the fresh air (Uh huh)
Feeling broke but I’ll pay it no mind.  Unwind, chill, polly
With ladies suited for summertime (Ayyo, ma).  On the scenic route
Getting recharged off of chronic J.  Plus, no
Work today—perfect weekend escape getaway
We walk forward as our feet move at a left-and-right pace
On the course of a day (Keep moving like, yo, yo)

[Hook: Aesop Rock and L.I.F.E. Long]
[Aesop Rock]
Yo, yo, sliding through the jungle where everybody mumbles
I’ll keep to myself and walk that inner city shuffle
[L.I.F.E. Long]
Through these concrete streets, we creep, sightseeing, vibing
To beats on dusty paths.  Who knows who we’ll meet?
[Aesop Rock]
Ayyo, sliding through the jungle where everybody mumbles
I’ll keep to myself and rock that inner city hustle
[L.I.F.E. Long]
Through these concrete streets, we creep, sightseeing, vibing
To beats.  Through rush hour, we’re just trying to eat

[Verse 3: Aesop Rock]
Yo, hey
I’ve been around the block.  No lie, no little aspect
Of a damaged life outran Aes (Outran Aes).  I’ll remain
A stationary unit with a pinpoint on my cars
And if The Joker starts cackling, (I) take another card
Document the vision, build a monument to the pistons
That like pumping syncopation with that raw, alley-cat wisdom
The pterodactyl wingspan swoops over a thirty block
Radius, radiating soundscape up on your system
My ugly panorama breeds a hungry Samaritan
I can only speak my eyewitness (Eyewitness).  Look, money
I’m a twenty-something soldier, grown-ass man and I’d
Rather be pushing this boulder than pushing that stroller
That’s just my honest caption.  I spit it ‘cause I’m supposed ta
The bittersweet aura of life on this rollercoaster
Man, listen.  I got a plan to break a scoreboard
But it only shows its face when I plug in my Walkman cord

[Verse 4: L.I.F.E. Long]
Yo, Aesop (Yo, what’s up, man?), there’s truth downtown on 8th Street (Aight, I’m with you)
Bag some dimes and sling CDs by Fat Beats
On 6th Avenue, who knows who we’ll meet (You nah’mean?).  Vibing on West 4th
Giving pounds (Ayyo, ayyo, what up, yo?) while it pours, heat-scorching
Honeys looking in them shorts, plus I’ll halt
A blouse.  Got me all aroused, so I’ll step to
With confidence, proud.  “Can I polly with you for a sec? (Yo, sis, can I polly with you for a sec?)
What’s your name?  Mine’s: Living In Full Effect
But, sis, you could call me L.I.F.E. Long.”  Gasped
‘Cause she remembered me from Breez Evahflowin’s song (Oh, word?  You heard “Saki”?)
Shadowed when I got the digits.  It’s on (It’s on).  Atmosphere outside
Live, mixture of conversation, music, and car horns
Right now, New York City’s in its finishing times
So we stay leery of doing misdemeanor crimes
Forget getting locked down (You nah’mean?), serving and wasting time (None of that)
‘Cause, this year, we’re on a mission to shine

[Hook: Aesop Rock and L.I.F.E. Long]
[Aesop Rock]
Yo, yo, sliding through the jungle where everybody mumbles
I’ll keep to myself and walk that inner city shuffle
[L.I.F.E. Long]
Through these concrete streets, we creep, sightseeing, vibing
To beats on dusty paths.  Who knows who we’ll meet?
[Aesop Rock]
Ayyo, sliding through the jungle where everybody mumbles
I’ll keep to myself and rock that inner city hustle
[L.I.F.E. Long]
Through these concrete streets, we creep, sightseeing, vibing
To beats.  Through rush hour, we’re just trying to eat

[Outro: Aesop Rock and L.I.F.E. Long]
Aesop Rock: Just trying to eat.  Just trying to eat.  We live that inner city hustle.  Trying to eat.  We living that inner city hustle, just trying to eat.  We live that inner city hustle, yeah, yeah.  Uh, inner city hustle, Stronghold.  Uh, inner city hustle, Def Jux.  The inner city hustle, Can Ox.  Inner city hustle, come on, come on.  It’s that inner city hustle, Ese and Hipsta.  Ha
L.I.F.E. Long: Just trying to eat.  Rocking that inner city hustle.  Just trying to eat.  Haha, ayyo, we’re just trying to eat.  Haha.  Keep it moving like, “What, what?”  Rocking inner city hustle, moving.  Trying to eat like bobbing for beats.  Like trying to eat like bobbing for beats.  Walking, talking.  Aesop Rock, L.I.F.E. Long, Ese and Hipsta