(Verse 1)
Whistles, bells, ten by ten cells
The peasants in the seven ten split that never fell
Who print a third rail tiger twine débutante situation
And pencil me in [?rad-doom?] we'll see if we can't make you famous
The operetta sunk by sunken skulls fed the chubby tenor jealousy [?Dolby Digi capture?] format
Dawned with that angelic shimmer similar to my brothers first four-track
Cocooned [?a cool?] high school inconsistent success callbacks
"I don't want to hear you whinin' 'bout you coulda shoulda woulda been a pilot"
Well that's a beautiful regret, that I couldn't quite hear
I was busy flying by it in my SR-71 Blackbird soul-craft
With license dangling for middle digit wiln' "How are you?"
Feeling restless, incredible sense of full galaxy bench-press off the resting sight
Icicle atmosphere surface corpse of a once lovely now ugly demeanor
Yanked out the grab bag of poison [?splotches?] "Presto change!"
[?the voyage botches, the boy-a watches?] unconditionally
Bully up in a mixed species for the stargazers, scruffy puppy dog car chasers
"That's right" I amaze the hex enough to breathe for a second
But in that same breath, he reloads his weapon
It's bigger than the most rugged embodiment of malice
Dances with the skeletons, and paints a velvet hell I'm in
Aside from, slide slick humanoid snake tongue hybrids
Stood the net that draped over my TV set

(Hook)
It's I against it, Jinx Planet
It's it vs. the pennies in my pocket, Jinx Planet
Plus my will to drink drama, Jinx Planet x 7

It's I against it, Jinx Planet
It's it vs. the pennies in my pocket, Jinx Planet
Plus my will to drink drama, Jinx Planet x 7



(Verse 2)
It's a Jinx Planet, jeopardy on the canvas
Tryin' to shepherd leopards from the archive and the annex
Like maggots gut the belly of that fallen elk
Human barnacles starship kamikaze to market to buy and sell
He said there ain't gone' be no revolution 'til the mutants fell
To my sweet lullaby, now they gonna scuttle by speechless
The yes-men nod in perfect syncopation, statin' SURE!!
But I leave my sures/shores to the beaches, where the hell-nos wash up frequent
"Stuck in a mortal" Stuck in a mortal mannerisms with a definite death
Flashing the etiquette of veteran gems
My tenement stems from where the burners burn best
"Stuck walking  a flat Earth simulation murder churn fest" Blatant!
Primal traitor defiling all the parties purity
[?Pushing this bold least bound?] cross breath meshed with king of pain elixir senseless
Drink and purge a thousand years of resentment in seconds
"And right then I broke his weapon"
[?Left?] things forever in a plank, like ain't no dragon alien of Fahrenheit infinite measure
Swift peregrine falcon split [?tether in between?] this planet's tilt
Around the wretched refuse Aesop and his little cannon built
We thrive in the event horizons offering
Slide to the event's half baked subsidiaries when
Every enriching stitch wishes to back themselves out of a hidden [?wink?]
Cycling the brink of something makers more beautiful than this link

(Hook)
It's I against it, Jinx Planet
It's it vs. the pennies in my pocket, Jinx Planet
Plus my will to drink drama, Jinx Planet x 7

It's I against it, Jinx Planet
It's it vs. the pennies in my pocket, Jinx Planet
Plus my will to drink drama, Jinx Planet x 7