(Ohhh! Ohhh! Ohhh!)

[Aesop Rock]
I got Barbarella's and Barbies in a DeLorean car piece
On a beat to eat to the grip, honey-dip reclines the car seat
She grabbing at the car keys
I pull over to the shoulder, stop sudden
A second later we both riding shotgun
And when I lean, it's Foghorn Leghorn window steam
I guess i never heard the cops approach the whip over the screams
So when he taps on the glass and shined the flash light
I said "if loving to fuck is wrong, I don't want to be right"

[Metro]
Hot Summer love, chillin with a dame, roll
Caseloads of tapes sold, pockets full of peso (Ladies)
Probably wouldn't stop it if you say so
Like Ellen when she fell into the K-hole
Looking for the right one to (fuck) before the day goes
Wake up at your crib, getting dressed in the same clothes
Kiss you on the forehead, more head, i can't roll
Not until the icings on the cake hole

[Camu Tao]
Your lips, put it in, pull it out, stick it in
Put a jimmy on, baby use your tongue, hold your hair
If you make a little noise I'm not annoyed, tell your friends
45's, we can work it out, an hour, it depends
Grab your body, playing origami, girl you can bend
Baby girl, love them mini curls, love it with your hands pitch
I love the way your clothes look and how them pants fit
You make a nigga go broke, you move to faith mission

[Hook]
I love to fuck, I love to fuck, I love to fuck, I love to fuck
(Check me out)
I love to fuck, I love to fuck, I love to fuck, I love to fuck
(No Doubt)

(Ohhh! Ohhh! Ohhh!)

[Metro]
Girls you really got me going
You got me gone, I don't know what I'm doing

[Camu Tao]
She fucking hates me, She think I'm crazy
And even though that we argue she'll still be having my baby, baby

[Aesop Rock]
I like porn, porn, all types of porn
Black, White, Puerto-Rican, Chinese porn
Aes Rizzle born to freak it to the Thong Song
Hold dimes close with a king-kong arm

(Ohhh! Ohhh! Ohhh!)

[Camu Tao]
I don't care, hell you can go to The O, hang with crooks
You got a superstar body girl, rally for the push
Get a hold on ya, I'm trying to pull eyes on ya
I'm trying to spy on ya, let's get them girls like Sly Cobra
And even though you're tart and pissy
I play my part, don't diss me
I'm gone in 60, you're missing, I'm back in with Crissy
Get drunk, vision em dead, come ahead, don't be scared
Cause I can have you with your legs up, toes in the air

[Metro]
I love that, she love that, we love to (fuh) all night
With new positions, cigarettes for intermission (my love)
I got a lot of love, slide in a glove, (For real)
The way you make me feel, it's gotta be love (For real)
I'm saying Sarah got sex appeal (Ya heard)
Tattoos on her body, plus is still reserved
Now that's my kinda woman, and she find time to put in
I love to love them young girls (who wouldn't)


[Aesop Rock]
I dream of Jeannie, and fucking her obscenely
Make em sing
It's bliss, she kissed the bazooka ring
Boogie Nighter, Maestro with a money shot, adrenaline win
23's ready to pick, pencil you in
Nine-O-clock, I'm cold cold lampin', she calls
Ten-O-clock, shes dancing underneath these disco balls
By Eleven she was out, by Twelve I rolled a J
Fell asleep by One AM, man today was a good day

[Hook]
I love to fuck, I love to fuck, I love to fuck, I love to fuck
(Check me out)
I love to fuck, I love to fuck, I love to fuck, I love to fuck
(No Doubt)

(Ohhh! Ohhh! Ohhh!)