[Hook: Samples with DJ Cip One Scratches]
“Rap representing” - Sample from [?] (x4)

[Interlude 1 (Overlapped with Hook): Karniege]
Yo.  Hah.  Karniege.  Listen

[Verse 1: Karniege]
What you hear now is not a one-hit wonder (Uh uh)
One hit, wond-e-rous things happen (Look)
We slide out, it’s like Crunch, Captain
Not the cereal but suited like generals (Let’s go)
Gripping the mic and moving any rooms
See Mighty Jo swing, smack from the bush
Grimy flow kings rap out the wood
Work when a boy twerk lines this good (Uh huh)
Who say we hiding in the hood, playing Holly games?
We drop hits here at the party, mayne
Listen, woman or child, the hood’s in the house
Now start looking around for me, Brooklyn-bound (Look)
Queens all-city, the kid putting it down (Look)
Probably in another town, unhooking her blouse
She waving in the air, saying, “Looky, meow”
Posse cut bodied her.  You better watch it, son

[Verse 2: Breez Evahflowin’]
Yo, I ain’t trying to battle no more.  That shit is getting boring
The comp sucks.  My new hot stuff should get to touring (Hit the road)
Words are like weapons soaring, leaving sets unplugged
Disrespecting, it gets to you like Lauren
Shit’s hard.  Smoke grass to let it off
Me and Vast need cash, so we smash like ghetto raw
Straight beating the fuck out this verbal session, stressing this bitch
‘Til she’s screaming like [?].  With herbal essence, I
Spit a TEC at the mainstream, aiming at
Fake niggas who gang clean, ain’t seen jack
Hip hop is much bigger than rap.  You going for mines?
Get off the crack.  Bet on your ride?
I break your prize, leave you walking back
For the green, I’m a scene from the Hulk attack
I’m a vet.  You pose no threat.  You pussy
On the set like commercials with talking cats

[Verse 3: Poison Pen]
My jersey been in the rafters.  Peep this towel-mouth
Brooklyn monster.  Knuckle up, speedbag your tonsils
Poison Pen’s name’s hitting in the street
All I do is threaten dudes to the rhythm of the beat
Branch Davidians trail me.  Got a cult following
Tungsten for tonsils, low blows spit halogen
Thought your block was wild?  Watch out.  It’s really off
Politicians pop off, turn the city hall to a city morgue (We want it all)
If there’s a brawl, really, dog, it’s prolly us
Tour bus boys ain’t stalled working on a posse cut
Ayyo, lips on your face don’t work.  Just like I’m
On the desert, baby.  The same as gamma-ray-strong birth
Bitch!

[Hook: Samples with DJ Cip One Scratches]
“Rap representing” - Sample from [?]

[Verse 4: Aesop Rock]
Y’all know the name:
Aesop fucking Rock.  Ain’t a damn thing changed
Clubbed up in a property in helicopter hell
When all he wanted was to drink copper, crawl out of well
Jumping Jiminy in a gimme-gimme industry
New York bleed bricks, piss huts, and shit liberty
Briefing lizards, he sleeps the winters away
Weight flips snarky out in demos.  Let him keep the scissors
And all that good-good.  Smoked out and mobile
When his tummy growls in vowels, shit almost looks remotely simple (Oh)
Slumped on every portly mobile.  Porky ogre ace ignored
A forty focal.  Folk adored a forgey quirksy motor
Fuck what I’m gon’ be.  This luck of the ugly
And I’m half-man, wormy, flunked, fucked.  What?  Dirty
From the dump, suck dump truck.  Let the peril fester
Right?  Curb your little ninjas and we’ll all break bread together

[Verse 5: Vast Aire]
I know niggas in the street who delete oxygen
If you ain’t really ‘bout it, don’t box him in (Don’t do that)
There’s no water but you gonna go swimming
We don’t like y’all.  We like women (I like girls)
You lie sweet but the truth’s like lemon
If you touch her right, she’ll start grinning (She’ll start grinning)
I got something if you want to touch hands
Sucker emcees better change they plans
Pass the baton.  I’ll end the dash (End the dash)
That ain’t all the herb.  It’s only the stash
And this ain’t a posse cut.  It’s more of a slash
Part of the hurricane—only the splash
Styles upon styles upon styles is what I have
You trying to grab the Aire?  You don’t know the half
Hah.  You better off up north
And when you thinking we got you, the lights go off