[Intro: Aesop Rock]
Seven! (Where the fuck is the weed?)
Seven, you got the weed?
Yo, is the weed here?
Seven...
Anchor, I want you to "beat Seven down"
Yeah, no problem, let’s get this record started alright?

[Verse 1: Aesop Rock]
Sitting on the bus, three nickels in the Walkman
High as fuck, loopy cadet, bent stupor out the bullpen
Flexed it with the fulcrum, but (what)
Not quite enough, cause if the non-factor met bad posture my little zone combust
The driver hates his job
I can tell by the way he keeps saying "I hate this fucking job" to every civilian that boards
I'm just happy the academy lets roaches ride the NTA
Cause i got a full glass with an otherwise empty day
Citizen culprits aim for the plug jesus freak lectures
But it's like "Homie, I can't hear you", park the traffic tryin to sharpen up the bear tooth
Animatronic tapeworm raid germinate random tantrum
So I twitch every time the "feed me, Seymour" farmers plant one
Servin' me silly or work with me, no grey area
Burden me filthy or kill me, murder me quickly
Hack me to ribbons and serve me with grits to the sickly
Tack me to the menu with the all-you-can-eat entries
I watch with a laminated iris, mother fuck the leeches and contaminated sidekicks
Mother fuck the bleachers where they seat the vacant hybrids
Mother fuck that sacred virus squirming through the hi jinks
Bounce to the scarlet carpet bomb boombox noise activators
Sat with the fat lady and voodoo magic maker
Said "Homie do your thing", said "Homegirl let him do his thing
When i give the signal, i want you to stay fat and sing"

[Hook x2]
Watch your back, watch your front now
What now, shut down

[Verse 2]
Your computer face irks me to no end
Keep blowing lines in the bathroom and I'll pretend i can't see the snow where your nose ends
Where their heads get gingerbread enjoyment for a couples (1,2,3,4,5)
Then sit and wonder why their Brooklyn bridges buckle
I'd like to radiate basic framework and stress caveman symbol living from the hot burner cookin rice and beans in the kitchen
It's gonna be all good, right? (right, right, right) Right. Gravy
The burglar just disappears in a mix of Gerber babies
Deaf motivate the def, juxtaposition (juxtaposition)
The lab rats procreate with whatever's left
Lone pledge, suck medusa nipples, spit Stonehenge
You suck [?] ripples and spit cookies
Stop acting like an asshole!
Hot tin roof (uh) dance with a beetle summertime airbrushed on a collapsible easel
When a war participant are southbound eagle kick the metal door off the hinge or peek through the keyhole
Television face, camo the nerves behind a moniker
Hopped up on Klonopin and kicking it to college girls
I'll fuck you blind but i need to borrow a dollar first for stoges
Cause tar and pussy's like all I got to look forward to
Bazooka Tooth got souvenirs for little fuck-ups that crash test your matchbox tour bus before they hit the first truck stop
Kick back and count the casualties then sadden motherfucker like radio Rahim buying batteries

[Hook ]