[Sample]
A new report out found that lice is actually changing, and mutating, becoming immune to standard treatments

[Verse 1: Homeboy Sandman]
I'm from a village in a hill
Where everybody got unmitigated gall
But no refrigerators filled and every father there got pockets stocked with zilch
And every mother there forgot to take her pill
I'm rocking for my ilk
Who started crying 'fore they bothered spilling milk
Listen we don't want no drama but the bomb already built
Just when everyone you know about to ill
I swoop in like a crow from out the sky and snatch a pie from off the sill

[Verse 2: Aesop Rock]
Is it fighting words or myna birds?
Piracy or rattling?
A lionheart or Life Alert?
I don't support a media that fetishize the wealthy 'cause it's weird
I'm here to help contextualize the Veldt to a room of terrible cadets who dress like Mr. Belding
I turn 'em into messengers rebelling, it's compelling
The cavalcade approach on the heels of obscene evil
It's easel is meteoric, it's beanie is Steve Zissou

[Hook: Homeboy Sandman & Aesop Rock]
I only move aside for the sun
I only move aside for the sun
I don't really move aside that much
Nah mean?
Nah mean?
And I'm not a big fan of the checkin'
Check it

[Verse 3: Homeboy Sandman]
Just ahead
I throw a left for every gambler layin' a bet
And every child that wet the bed
I check my texts
Who's tryin' to swing a ep
Oh wait that's just my ex
Who's trying to lay an egg
The sky is changing colors
I'll be up to here in debt
When death become us
I check porno on ya Tumblr
I keep time by countin' summers
And teach ya how to do the wop without a fee
My name is Homeboy Sand
My style is a lock without a key

[Verse 4: Aesop Rock]
Oddworld bogmen
Slog through toxins
Groggy
Squash all goblins
Promptly
Fruit of loom, relocating stickers on his Rubik's Cube
Wildlife showing signs of ruined doom
For you and you and you and you
Shoes made of wah-wah pedals
That turn a walk to the Wawa, the gods and devils
I'm at the table breaking bread with both the wicked and the righteous
It's hard to tell the difference through a history of violence

[Hook: Homeboy Sandman & Aesop Rock]
I only move aside for the sun
I only move aside for the sun
I don't really move aside that much
Nah mean?
Nah mean?
And I'm not a big fan of the checkin'
Check it

[Verse 5: Homeboy Sandman]
Lice got a secret handshake
That includes painting a landscape
And equal distribution of the syrup 'tween the top and bottom pancakes
Surveyed the damage from the rampage
And pieced it together with glow-in-the-dark band-aids
Behind the barricades
Is a bum who need a shower
But wield the power to paraphrase
"Hey!"
I made a wish that I could shift more shapes
Withholding your support is just poor taste

[Verse 6: Aesop Rock]
Keep code fluent
Chief flow mutant
The kid sits still 'til a tree grow through him
East coast, eat slow, throwing pizza crust at pigeons
After dinner hit a visa with two Dobermans like Higgins
I'm looking for a mystery bigger than me to remedy
Regardless of its place in the greater collective memory
I'm pissed at every terrifying truck stop in the country
I'll piss upon your pick-up truck for absolutely nothing

[Hook: Homeboy Sandman & Aesop Rock]
I only move aside for the sun
I only move aside for the sun
I don't really move aside that much
Nah mean?
Nah mean?
And I'm not a big fan of the checkin'
Check it