[Produced by Sami Matar]

[Intro: Omar Offendum]
"First they ignore you
Then they laugh at you
Then they fight you
Then you win"

[Verse 1: Omar Offendum]
I heard 'em say the revolution won't be televised
Al-Jazeera proved 'em wrong, Twitter has him paralyzed
80 million strong and ain't no longer gonna be terrorized
Organized, mobilized, vocalized
On the side of Truth
Umm ad-Dunya's living proof that it's a matter of time
Before the chickens home to roost
Bouazizi lit the... [poof]
And it slowly ignited the fire within Arab people to fight it
From Tunis to Khan Younis, the new moon shines bright
As The Man's spoon was, as masses demand rights
And dispel rumors of disunity, communally removing the tumors
Of rotten 7ukoomas
We're making headway, chanting down the dictators
Getting rid of deadweight
Opening the floodgates like the streets of Jeddah
Bawwabit il-thawra maftoo7a oo ma ba2an sid'ha
We've been empowered to speak
And though the future is uncertain
Man, at least it isn't bleak
When our children can be raised
Not in a cage - but on a peak
The inheritors of mother earth are meek
Freedom isn't given by oppressors
It's demanded by oppressed
Freedom lovers, freedom fighters
Free to gather and protest
For their God-given rights
For the freedom of the press
We know freedom is the answer
The only question is…

Who's next?

[Interlude]
It's very bad for my government!
I haven't any food, I haven't any game!
My and my children... I will die today!

[Hook x2: Ayah]
Time to push, and we ain't falling back now
Time to fight, because we are all we have now
Do you hear?
Calling out for back up
Try to keep a look out for better days

[Verse 2: The Narcycist]
I'm weathering the storm, pleasure to be born
News media disseminated a Heaven's Gate's level of alarm
3rd person dictators couldn't sever them till dawn
3 mil in the street! We will live in Peace! (you will see it)
But, first, God, rest the soul of those who choose
To be free, from poverty they rose
Knee deep in robbery, souls will plummet and burn like Mohamed Bouazizi (all I see is)
Al-Jazeera logos
Pillar of the State now hears this old soul
Karma waits for no man, your presidential charm and armor break
Out of place in your own homeland
Now dip like mezze
Imagine a million human march to Gaza
From Qahira to Baghdad, siyasatkom saa7ira…..
3alamat Al-akhira...

[Hook x2]

[Verse 3: Freeway]
And that's where the beef ends
You should learn a lesson from oppression where it begins
Black, White, Yellow, it don't matter what race
Before you break us you can push us off the deep end
Different country, same struggle: we even!
Contemplate on squeezing when our kids ain't eating
Only other difference is it's hot all year round there
Winter time and your kids ain't freezing
But we all starving, all grieving
And the people with the power ain't got heart enough to feed us
Follow the procedures, and I study my Quran
This is modern day signs, we just waiting on Jesus
You should be the teacher of Quran to your kids
Instead of wasting time watching Kelly Ripa and Regis
This is Egypt, home of the ruins
Last time we needed change it took Musa to move 'em
Operation "Get Rid of the Pharaoh"
Now we getting rid who ain't willing to share no
Bread with the people. We are all equal
True men of God, Fear God, don't fear no
Person that's walking on the face of the Earth
If he got a tank, knife, gun, bow or an arrow
Long as there's breath then there's still hope left
So let hope rise like the eye of a sparrow

[Hook x2]

[Verse 4: Amir Sulaiman]
Won't be just niggas, won't be just spics
A-rabs, Pakis, rednecks, and hicks
The leaders ain't helping them feeding their kids
The leaders helping pigs eating their kids
Got me back on my Elijah, eating to live
Run up in the White House with keyes to the crib
The House and the Senate
Ousted in a minute
Takes these streets to Wall Street
This one's for Kemet
They on that Gandhi, They on that Che, though
But that Che turn that Cairo fuego
Hard for the press to find a scapegoat
When every man, woman, and child's at the table
They think they John Adams, they think they Ben Franklin
They want democracy, What them Arabs thinking?
World leaders now can see when keep people from eating
The people will eat them

[Hook x2]