[Freeway]
Free. Ohohohohoh
Okay, I see where y'all going Free
Okay, aight dude, you want me to fuck with that Free shit? Okay..
Yeah, I got you Blaze...Holla!
Uh! Yeah!
Free. Nigga, the name is strong, it can mean ten things in one
This dedicated to my niggas that grind from ten to ten
In other words all day duck the cops cuz they wanna be Free
Man, them gates is strong and when that nigga locked down
And he can't get out and he lose a couple pounds and his skin get pale
And he's sitting in his cell til his patience gone, you know
Free-way be feeling your pain, I got twelve homies doing the same
And if they had bail, homey, they'd be out
But they don't so they sitting for a minute
That's the price of the game when you in it
Your Free-dom get stripping away
These niggas came through my hood with the nines
My man Black hit they wheel with the K, spun it around
Same day cops book em guess who send kites to em, nigga?
Free! That's right, Holding em down nigga, the clique tight
Home or in jail we get it down, open your mail
Read your letters, see a couple flicks of ya boyzie boyzies
Nigga, Free-way like Georgie Porgie, puddin pie kiss the girl
Fuck kiss, get orgies
One clip'll rock ya world, nigga calm ya bore beef
Shootin out with Free you gon' need a four leaf
But Free-way ain't all about the drama
I seen bullets come up out the lamas and go into melons
And leave niggas skillets leaking like Aunt Jemima
Fuck what ya man think that nigga gone but he ain't Free
Gimme the keys, y'all niggas is bitching
Package it up, I'm out with the breeze
In and out of lanes until I get where I'm goin
That's how I got my name, mane, same reason my man ain't Free
You can get shot in your face
Not payin attention, lunchin, gripped by the deez
Gotta be on point movin ya work by them benches
That's how I got my change, fam
Ain't a damn thing Free in this world but your boy got a mean plan
To get my team out the ghetto with my boys in stilettos till we rich man
I'ma play Joe Clark when it's hardly norm
Free! Whether the coupe on F or coupe on E
I can get ya chick on E
See through her dress, get the address
Give her the F, pass her to E
They say the best things in life are Free, but I can't tell
I gotta pay for all the food that I take in
And gotta pay for all the chronic that I inhale
That's why I stick with my team, nigga, stick with my men
Y'all dudes Free-lance, play for any team
Don't stand for nothing then you fall for anything
Turn on your boys soon as you get any chance
But it's cool, beat downs with bats and spiked chains are Free
Getting played and haters screaming my name ain't me
Getting paid and changing the game is me
That's why I keep a gat in the tuck
That rip through ya V, y'all niggas mad cuz y'all ain't Free
Look, I focus and aim, listen to bull
One verse can fuck up the game
Kick in the door, icing your chain, clean up ya kids, hook up ya boys but gotta work hard cuz it ain't Free
Used to get work hard couldn't cook soft
My homey remain anonymous, whipped up the D
And you guessed it we worked up the soft, tripled the re
But the game's sold not told, it ain't Free