[Verse 1]

Push away the bad shit, getting all the good energy is a fashion
Local satisfaction, is what I please when I spit these lyrics out
Urban relaxation yes I get it from the South
Im a Queens baby and my father was a drug dealer
Gold watch, gold chain, new Lexus, new beeper
Met that nigga once or twice
He always had a different wife
Not to mention different kids
Shout out to my bros and sis...

[(Nebu begins talking)]

That's just the point of life you feel me. I got like one picture of my father, and uhm that's about it
I dont know how to contact this nigga or any of my sisters or brothers thats on my dad's side
But, you know what im sayin, Ima meet them...
One Day

Let's Go!

[Verse 2]
Push the pathway to success, hittin' the expressway
Smokin', chokin' on the best, high until the next day
I see through fakes like x-ray, four eyes I got vision
Crash into a lake and drown, is that water whippin'?
Call yourself the victim but really you're the suspect
I'm hungry for the success, like I ain't eat lunch yet
They tell me that I'm up next
Nigga I don't see no line
Ain't no next my time is now
And Im a king my fro the crown
Nappy ass nigga, nappy nappy ass nigga
I do not give a fuck cause Im a happy ass nigga
Bout to get some money in my bank account with a smile
Take the deposit out, and go next door and cop some loud
Hit JG and blow it now, who operating on some different shit
It don't get as real as this
She put on her lipstick, and my dick she started to kiss
And it's looking like a baby arm, playing with a red crayon


It's like to the point where I really don't give a fuck anymore yo. You know what I'm saying I'm me
And uhm, everything happens for a reason. There's a lot of questions that'll never be answered and it's like... the way shit's going these questions will stay unanswered.  Something's gotta give. But ima keep on pushing, keep on working.  People love me. Ima give them the love back, never put this mic down.  Real shit this ain't the high talkin. And uh I appreciate every fucking body man, since day 1 repping OSHS, letting everyone know who Nebu Kiniza is.  Keep doing it man we got a way to go
I wanna take over America, I wanna take over Paris, I wanna take over the world.  I want niggas to know
I am all over the world.  Let's rock it