[Intro - Kurupt (Tha Dogg Pound)]
Ain't nothing better than the present
Smoking right here baby, on that bomb
Fortay, Kers and SQZ, DAZ, Kurupt Young Gotti
Ima tell you a little somethin' 'bout me nigga

[Verse 1 - Kurupt (Tha Dogg Pound)]
I'm a mystery, nigga
I'm the mystery nigga
I forever go down in the world of history, nigga
Ask forever to be known as one of the greatest emcees, nigga
Start baking and frying suckers; Rotisserie, nigga
In the club with your bitch, and your bitches best friend!
And the best friend of the sister, of your bitches ex-man!
Nigga Gotti Xavier, Magneto, Texan, Mafioso, 40 Nickels, motherfucking X-Men
Nigga smoking for eons, only those kush grown trees
Smokin' and rollin', I'm on Fortay, Kerser and SQZ
Super fly and Snoop LT and DAZ
The way it s'possed to be
Now come smoke with me

[Chorus] x2
We just wanna, wanna, wanna smoke up all your weed
We just love it, love it when that bitch is on me

La, la, la, la, la, la x4

[Verse 2 - Daz Dillenger (Tha Dogg Pound)]
I can't do without it
Because I gotta have it
Well if you wanna loan
Ima tell you 'bout it
You know it's Diggy Daz
And yeah you know the name
Ayo it's Dogg Pound
Nigga you know the game
I see you sonomatic
This how we cut a static
I tell you one, I tell you twice, yeah who the baddest?
[?]
You know I lit 'em up and let you know it's just dust
You know we rollin' 'round, we crowding all you fools
Nigga's your hottest sound? That shit ain't really cool
You know I smoke heavy, overload blow out your motor
It's 93 Octane, I run that ass over
With them 3 Aussies, with them 2 Doggies
You know we pop and get it crackin', yeah they all up on us
You know I can't call it, but then I see it now
See I'm the [?] went from yelling out Bow Wow!

Fortay, Kerser, SQZ, DAZ
Kurupt, yeah we do it we the DPG
Fortay, Kers n Crew, SQZ, DAZ
Kurupt, DPG, that how it s'possed to be

[Verse 3 - SQZ]
We tearing pages out the Bible and we rollin' them up
The type of motherfuckers blazin' out the back of the bus
We get of tap with you cunts
Rock up with DAZ and Kurupt
Come smoke with us
Motherfucking straight damage your lungs
Buds big as David Banner we he crackin' the shits
South West Motherfucker dropping classical hits
Middle finger in the air, straight grabbing my dick
And feel my fist up on your chin if you ain't having my dick

One hit and it's a coughing fit
Doctor, Doctor need some oxygen
Avoiding officers, we off again
Any intersection, throwing off, throw imposter shit
Mobbing in this take, what I hit? Wobble a bit
Type of fly cunt to put a knob in your bitch
It's that anonymous kid, to get you off of your tits
Have you bush dancing around to co-robbery shit
I co-operate and man I'm off my face and
Crew always know I be often spaced
Back 'em up, that's an occupation
Smoke a lot with the foreign nation
Smoking a ghost but I'm rappin' to save, maintain day to day with the maddest of strange
Switch flows like you're racking your brain
What you think that the habits have changed?!

La, la, la, la, la, la x4

[Verse 4 - Kerser]
Woke up 'bout 10am
Fucked a bad bitch in a camper van
Weed zipped up in sadie bags
Top of the charts yeah I have to brag
Get a cunt keen to stab you up
Leave with your weed and Maxis brah
What they gonna do when we rollin' up?
Come smoke with me, got a bowl of buds
If you ain't got weed, don't roll with me
If you ain't got a bag, don't talk to me
Should I admit that here? Yo probably not!
Why'd they get mad when I dropped the S.C.O.T
Album, how come me on valium, popped another 100 000
Wait, chop it up 'cos I got the bud
Eyes so red when I rocked the club
Sparking up weed on the fucking Qantas
And I promise, never to stop this!
Drop sick everytime I spit
If you see me out, high as shit!
Fact with rap; got a baggie dacked
Try to spit this shit but your lagging lad
And they all talk shit, us cunts are best
We're sick, Kers One yeah the cunt is fresh

Yeah I'm back for more
Bitch stressed out now I have to score
Hydro, Sticky, Orange Hairs
I knows I be off my head
Roll it up and light that shit
Tell that slut to ride the dick
When I rap they know it's me
King Kers come and smoke with me - We out!

[Chorus] x2
We just wanna, wanna, wanna smoke up all your weed
We just love it, love it when that bitch is on me

La, la, la, la, la, la x4

[Verse 5 - Fortay]
Don't drink and drive
Smoke and cruise
Don't think that I'm high, better smoke me 2!
Tell them bitches hold the line
I ain't high rollin' but I'm rollin' high
You can suck the dick, but don't touch the blunt
Never loved a bitch, so fuck a cunt
You wanna puff on this you can suck bud
She said "Just one hit?" so I cuffed the slut
I'm only joking, I'm only smoking
That ho ok - No bones are broken!
Remo got a sack of that
This weed ain't for no cataracts
Ain't brought in shops, see Fort as got
Much option when it's bud choppin'
Running out of weed the only time I've got a drug problem!
These undercovers, these motherfuckers, approaching me like "Do you sell bro?"
Dancing in the clubs the only time, you'll catch me moving elbows
Light a chronic, hydroponic
Hit it, than my boys will get it
Sort of like a gang of sluts, I call this song a joint effort
I'm rollin' weed, come smoke with me
These broke bitches wanna smoke for free
They blowin' O's, I'm blowin' P's, wanna toke than she better blow the D
Forgive me father it it's wrong, I'm hittin' bongs - The Weed Sparker
Stay in love with Mary Jane but bitch I ain't no Peter Parker!

[Chorus] x2
We just wanna, wanna, wanna smoke up all your weed
We just love it, love it when that bitch is on me

La, la, la, la, la, la x4