[Interlude 1]
Oi, you reckon you could pour us a drink? I'll go ya halves
Yeah, sick...
Keep going man, fuck me, half

[Intro]
Don't fuck with Kerser

[Interlude 2]
There you go
Pretty fucking dodgy, huh?
Oh, fuck

[Hook 1]
Don't, Don't, Don't, Don't, Don't, Don't
Fuck, Fuck, Fuck, With, With, With, With
Don't fuck with Kerser
Don't, Don't, Don't, Don't, Don't, Don't
Fuck, Fuck, Fuck, With, With, With
Don't fuck with Kerser

[Verse 1]
Drinks poured, ice cubes, drugs are my crew
Call them what you want, ma'fucker I don't like you
Glide through with a shiv on the hip
I do recommend that you listen to this
Pump loud, got em shocked and they're staring and shit
Most of them fucking love it but they're scared to admit
I don't give a fuck what you think, I'm from the street
Pow pow past your house when I stomp the beat
Me and Nebs making shit you never heard before
Charlie Poulton and cunts like "that ain't raw"
I'm a motherfucking maniac, brain attack, ain't you wack
Eyes on your lips motherfucker, can you say it back?
Di-di-didn't think so, staying on my thug shit
Tell me no progression when we just made a club hit
Fu-fu-fuckwit, best admit that we run shit
Never knew we run it then we calling you a dumb prick

[Hook 2]
I'm so drunk that I can't stand up
So much bourbon in the glass, with the joints rolled up
Now I'm running through your club with my dick in hand
Never ever gave a fuck, never know to give a damn

[Interlude 3]
Oi buddy, you seen me up there or what?
Yeah it was all right?
All right? What do you mean all right?
Like, all right
I'm fuckin', I'm a sick cunt mate. Fucking give me your money

[Hook 1]
Don't, Don't, Don't, Don't, Don't, Don't
Fuck, Fuck, Fuck, With, With, With, With
Don't fuck with Kerser
Don't, Don't, Don't, Don't, Don't, Don't
Fuck, Fuck, Fuck, With, With, With
Don't fuck with Kerser

[Verse 2]
Back on track, bet your tracks are wack
Only making boom-bap 'cause you can't adapt
Don't-don't get me wrong lad, I'm into that
Just like to switch it up every time I spit a rap
If you hate me for that, get your fuckin' brain cracked
Get your house ran through, get your brother's chain smashed
Fuck Aussie hip hop man, I'm finding it boring
Hear ten percent, the other ninety is corny
Bringing something for them people wanting a switch up
Switch up, shit bruh, always being a sick cunt
There's a fat slut
Punch her mouth now her teeth look like fat chub
Grab the-grab the handbag, only had loose change
Tic-tac, dollar coin and a bit of food, mate
Too-too-too late, still up in my shit though
You got the wrong idea if you pictured a disco

[Hook 2]
I'm so drunk that I can't stand up
So much bourbon in the glass, with the joints rolled up
Now I'm running through your club with my dick in hand
Never ever gave a fuck, never know to give a damn

[Interlude 4]
Oi, can I have your number?
Nah, fuck off
Fuck off, you look like a pelican anyway
Huh
Fucking whore

[Verse 3]
On a train with a chainsaw, tell me that I ain't raw
Walking barefoot, twelve at night through Claymore
Fuck, fuck, fuck em, fuck em
Fuck em all, shut the front, I want a breast pic
Top-topless no nonsense [?]
Pull your pipes out and get the motherfucking rocks li-li-lit
What if they never ever give it up
Come on bruh, you really think I give a fuck
I'm the realest rapper holding the mic
My other personality even told me I'm right
Get them hands up
Too fucking drunk, can't even stand up
I'm the man, bruh, you're a fan, ah
Just admit you're a fan of the man, nah
Something wrong? It's-it's-it's-it's all good though
Ain't say my name 'cause you motherfuckin' should know

[Hook 2]
I'm so drunk that I can't stand up
So much bourbon in the glass, with the joints rolled up
Now I'm running through your club with my dick in hand
Never ever gave a fuck, never know to give a damn