Kerser:

Aight look, Im fuckin' faded. look. its like...
Faded baby, faded save me
Maybe ladies, Crazy lately
Love me drug me, Beg ta fuck me
Suck me bust, than Im out for the money
King kers and ya heard the rumour
New house. and i copped a new car
Invest in a lot of shit
You think a lot O hit
When the profit flip
Uh
This shit was made for me
Watch me, work, Get paid with me
Last year i made major stacks
This year's in my favor lad
And that makes me feel, quite comfortable
Id rather get killed, than run from you
I got big plans that will
Bring a truck load
Poppin' pills, i thinkin' fuck ''dont''
Last one for me, on my arm
Talk slow but im, movin' fast
Off guts, my whole career
Still led the way
Still sold out yeah
Is that what you call that
When you spittin' Raw rap
No-one ignore that
Started at the floor lad
Look now im at the top
And there ain't one day, where the cash has stop
Im Wasted

Fortay:

Puff green with a cup of lean
My two nuts, They hangin' like its fuckin' fiens
I was reppin' West Syd, Before they thought it was cool
Esh lit, Never heard!!, What they taught me in school
Fake cunts can't fuck with, What would we be on?
Ain't a pimp, Only Hoes, I got some wine in my bong
Is it wrong? If you think Im fuckin' faded, Your Right
Other formable we in? Different stages of life
Other friends in a cage, All day in the pipe
See mates lose hope, Cut their viens with a knife
Feelin' the same? Some puff, Just to deal with the pain
Say the same? Fuck that, I was willing to change
Yeah
Puff strains that you never seen
Stay stuck up in the game, Like a referee
Sendin' weed in the air, Let it set me free
Better bent off the green, than a phetamine'
So faded, Fuck coke, That be overrated
Lookin' like jackie chan, But never smoke in ages
See the green in my lungs, Picture red in my eye
Blowin' weed, She's blowin me, Gettin' head while im high
Never spark, not alone, Unless a click, is with me
Dont ask for a cone, I ain't mr Whippy,, Get tipsy in the club
Yellin, Fuck the seconds
So many cunts Shakin' hands, I think im pumpin' neckies
Im faded

Rates:

Not gonna lie, Nah
Im fuckin' high, Right bruz
Walk straight inner club, If we linin' up
Get a loan, Seperate room, Bitches linin' up
And i can see it in her eyes, Bitch she dyin' to fuck
Only lie to her once, Ain't a guy that she loved!
Fuck bitches, Get money, Guess im wisenin' up
Former plate, Rollin' letters, Leave, Line it up
Like it better cos they high, They likely to suck
Rates runnin' a muck, And i ain't slowin' down
Want beef with another? What you know about?
Drivin' round town, Fuckin' red hot, I got a temper
Rather be chilled, But i make them, Remember
I get distracted. With the music, Im makin'
Vibe when i drive and the music is playin', UH
Too fuckin' raw mate
Rates, Kerser and fortay, all Great
Gettin' high, when i write, Get more fame
When im blazed and them player's, Gettin horsed face
Lower class, Lookin' up, to score mate
Get the money, Make it Large, Fuck the law, AYE, aye
Letter crew that i rep, Movin; the units, Provin' that we're next
Raise a gang kid, I ain't losin' my bet
Syd lad in mebourne, Im provin' that im next

Hed Ubd:

Yo its 3face, The great, Im the greatest
Im blazin', im blazin', Im faded
Im pasin' the base  Of them laces
Got the bitch on my face, And she tasty
Im with Fortay and Kerser and Ratesy
And all four of us Catchin them cases
Im not Schwarzenegger in the race
Puffin the court till i see alligators
Puffin the court and its allegations
They say that. I gave them a brasin'
Off my face, In a couple of occasions
Ive been cuffed in a couple of stations
Ive been stuck in a couple of situations
But the difference between, Me and You, Remains
I would never name, names, I would be charged with a friend
Chargin' them ridges becos of the guns, Uh
3face the great, Only one knows, Cocaine on the plate
Home methazine, And codeine in my sprite
Only one knows, Keepin' meds on the plate
3face the great, noboody knows me, thats why you hatin'
Blazin' the weed, And we beamin' all night
Only one knows theirs pea's on the plate, Im faded