[Intro]
Seem my dreams won't go away
So it's more like a nightmare
Keeping me up all night
Like a nightmare
It's taking over my mind
My desire
Burns inside, like a flame
And it can't and it won't be contained
'Cos I gotta be... famous

[Chorus]
You don't really want the fame though
You don't really want the fame no!

[Verse 1]
They heard a shot fired
Another shot fired
You driving in a race, spinning with a popped tire
And you've been pushed by the radios element
I'm the first fucking rapper to make the radio irrelevant
Fuck the mainstream, I don't need a handout
There's something about the aura of the Kers because I stand out
4 cunts cruising high in a range rover
Yelling ABK, tell these rappers game over!
I've been working, probably find me in the studio
At the top, and my whole fucking crew can flow
The proof is there, we the team at the top
I'm a sniper with the raps so you [?] to pop
I've been killing shit for years
You know spitting insane raps
From a town where cunts are on the rocks like the train tracks
If time moves quick, shouldn't life try to keep up
Instead of being slaves to the system you in deep fuck

[Chorus]
You don't really want the fame though
You don't really want the fame no!

[Verse 2]
And here's a picture with words look
He at high school, he started year 10
Things a little different this year, he don't fear them
Peer pressure play a part, started seshin' in the park
Girls undressing him to fuck, introduce him to the glass
And shit he going down hill
Last night he had a puff and some brown pills
Everything in life has gottin' him feelin' irrelevant
It's fucking with his mind and yet his brain is not developed yet
This the story of the victim
Of the suburb, and it's sad 'cos I can pick from them
Meet 'em all the time, kinda crazy with the crime
Got them play with my mind, 'cos they keep saying my rhymes (It's King Kerser)
But it's not want it's is
Like a shoulda started different with a positive twist
And they say I'm saving lives, I'm just giving you mine
And in the process, hopin' somehow you can live through my rhymes - The King

[Chorus]
You don't really want the fame though
You don't really want the fame no!

[Verse 3]
And if I ever get knocked, there'll be riots the next day
The Nebulizer caused commotions as soon as they pressed play
Buds in the sadie, got some raps for the next night
With a fucking xani so I'm sleeping on the next flight
It's fucking crazy, I'm your everyday cunt
But there's something special 'bout me
I'm a legend, what's up? Shit
There's that arrogance they tell me they hate that
The rawest rapper on my level, cannot debate that
Somebody said I fluked it, I'm fluking what?
The 10 year of blood and sweat? I never choose to stop
I was rocking gigs with my mates in the crowd
Broke as fuck, on the train. I had to make it, but how?
'Cos these labels didn't want it, I'm too raw for the air
I made it to the top, now they scratching their heads
Wait.. How'd it happen? I'm a weapon in my own right
You can be inspired, do your thing but don't bite
It's Kers 1

[Chorus]
You don't really want the fame though
You don't really want the fame no!

[Outro]
Me and Nebs have that new album cooking
Ready November 7th
Ready to fucking shit up again
Taking over the game
And um... we out