[Hook]
Is it worth the money? Should've stopped me at the start
Ain't shit funny when you watched me fall apart
If I could turn the time and rewind to a nicer place
I wouldn't, no way, 'cause I learned that time's a race

[Verse 1]
They asked me why I took the heavenly step
And tried to quit what I was on, ain't got no serotonin left
Almost impossible to have fun, shit what if I collapse on
Stage next birthday? I just hope that I have one
Getting blazed from an age, I barely had pubes
If I leave this world, just know that I fuckin' had too
I'm in a bad mood, what have I done?
The doctors tell me they can fix me tell me what have I won
Okay, with rap, I topped that, but then I thought I dropped back
'Cause I realised, at the top, is it really hot lad?
I just wish I could change up some certain shit
And open up my brain like a brain surgeon is
Looking in like "what have you done?"
Ain't know happiness left it's just a bottomless rut
I've had enough of this game and the fame, it's ridiculous
Can't go anywhere without someone wanting pictures, shit

[Hook]
Is it worth the money? Should've stopped me at the start
Ain't shit funny when you watched me fall apart
If I could turn the time and rewind to a nicer place
I wouldn't, no way, 'cause I learned that time's a race

[Verse 2]
Sometimes you see me smile but I'm hiding my tears
You can call it bipolar but I'm writing my fears
I can say I'm fearless, I'm fearless of a human
But I ain't fearless of this feeling I'm consuming
Wish this would stop, yeah, Scott's got a weak side
Pop another pill, go to sleep and hope I did die
What the fuck I thinkin'? Man, I need to get away
Doctor's blame the Xanax, codeine and the Marryjane
Hopefully by the time that this shit drops
I'm clean and they don't find me in a snip knot
On the fucking program wish I took it slow man
I dove into rap and took over, what you know man?
About bein' poor as shit
And your missus goes to work, you try ignore the shit
And suddenly you're rich, you're buying houses by the water
Still you're depressed, I want an answer from the lord brah

[Hook]
Is it worth the money? Should've stopped me at the start
Ain't shit funny when you watched me fall apart
If I could turn the time and rewind to a nicer place
I wouldn't, no way, 'cause I learned that time's a race

[Verse 3:]
Standing on the cliff edge, bout to jump dickhead
I'm in a dark place do you wanna see this shit end
Oh poor me, why I whinging on tracks?
'Cause I'm addicted to tabs and I'm admitting it lad
I ain't got shit to hide, And don't you sympathise
I'm in the middle of the ocean, wanna sink and die
Will this feeling fly? And will I be all right?
Or am I better off ending everything I tried? Why?

[Outro]
Is this worth the money?
If I could turn back time but then time gets away