[Intro]
So, everyone forgot about this old motherfucker
Then he drops a track mentioning my name
Talking about a battle that happened almost two years ago (whatever)
Come on sixty
Put that pipe down brah
You're falling off

[Verse]
The old man yo he lost his sight
And his ex bitch left 'cause she lost her mind
I'ma tell you all facts about how Matt's fake
One week ago was on the forums typing "Kerser is great"
He calls this shit a joke like "I'm mucking around"
And if he diss me properly, the cunt be stuck in the ground
What pissed me off the most is when Matt act tough
Then he meets me, got him shaking like "Uh uh bruz"
I don't want no fucking trouble man it's only a joke"
He's begging to his manager, like "it's only a toke"
'Cause you a crack head bad, you a ice fiend brah
And your careers at a stand still, I see brah
And you needing some attention so you calling out the Kers name
Your pop used to touch you up since you hit the first grade
And that's the reason for the Mickey tat
I didn't wanna bring it up but you're tripping Matt
Bro, you need some fucking counseling, you're not alright
I told the crew if they see you, you get dropped on sight
You're a fucking old man, go and live your life
You look fifty five now, fucking give up the ice!
The whole industries talking 'bout you and your crack pipe
Life after fame is it really that bad, why?
Thought you had it sorted but your whole life fought
Your best mate got a disease 'cause you was hitting him raw
And then your missus went and left yous were tying the knot
She left you 'cause her friend started tying the knot
Life isn't fair so you isn't a smart fuck
You're a nice bloke, why you rap like a hard cunt?
You're featured on a song called Reservoir Dogs
I didn't even have to say it, you said you're a dog!
You say you piggy backed me if that's the case
Why this track got more views in a couple of days?
Behind the scenes, sixty tries being my mate
So if he drops a diss track then he thinks it's okay
You a fake motherfucker popping half a pill
Every vid I upload is hitting half a mil
Every vid that you drop sits on twenty K
You fell the fuck off Matt, are you feeling okay?
I've dropped three albums in the time you working on one
Your career's falling off, it's time for Kerser you cunt!
You're obsessed, this is weird, clean yourself, shave ya beard
You're a pop-star faggot and ya whole crew is queer!
Everything you wanted growing up you got
In the rich neighborhood getting touched by your pop
Fucking with a street cunt, your worst mistake
Still ask me for ID they think you're thirty eight
Stop saying you're clean you're on the Xannies and shards
You have to pay me twenty K now to battle me fag
You made my career? Nice try there man
I was hitting million views with the Highest Man
Before your fucking name even got mentioned with mine
You're a pussy and you're scared of progression, it's fine
I just fucked you up, Kers one is serving you
Bounce back Matt, next one is personal
Bitch!

[Sample]
Sydney's hottest beatmaker, Nebs
Y'all know what it is