[Intro: Hyjak & Kerser]
Hey, hey, I’m on this train Kerser
Wait ‘til we get off
Get off at Ingleburn bro
You gon’ be at the station or what?
I’m at the [?] shop man
Oh, what the fuck you doing there?
He makes [?] bro
Well, fuck [?] takin’ ages man
Yeah, I’ll send him now
Fuck, the cops are searchin’ everyone on this train
Don’t give any [?]

[Verse 1: Kerser]
I take your funds back, I’m hunting for a hunch stack
You and your boys be walkin’ off your head down like a hunchback
I gotta run lad, no time for all the chit-chat
We skip that, I’ll come from Sydney, not near where the bridge at
I’m where the streets meet, you knew it, there’s no fakin’ man
Where cunts are probably scorin’ drugs if you think they’re just shakin’ hands
You fuckin’ back-peddled, why you got an axe settled?
Down, I think that liquor got you lippy but your facts never
Agree with what you talkin’ like you in [?]
We hold you up for [?] until you’re giving up your credit card (bitches)
‘Member growin’ up, we’d lie about where we were strong
‘Cause we live here then we die there and people treat us like it’s wrong
Why I talk the street shit? ‘Cause I’m from the street, shit
Thought they would’ve worked it out, I’m different like a remix
You need to call the quit and hail what’s in front of you
The man, the sickest spitter’s hittin’ bitches in the jugular

[Chorus]
You ain’t walked in these shoes ‘til you’ve seen what I’ve seen
I think it’s fairly safe to say that you ain’t feelin’ like me
Hear the screams in the night ‘cause the streets are alive
With the sound of the fiends [?] fight
It’s like every time I take a step to where I need to go
They call me back to see these streets, they won’t let me go
Every time I take a step to where I need to be
They drag me back to the same fuckin’ scenery

[Verse 2: Hyjak]
The labels don’t ask us for favours, they’ve hated us
Since the day we moved across the blocks and ayy the coppers rated us
Snitches keep explainin’ the place that I live
I ain’t givin’ a fuck, you ridiculous cunts ain’t got my money that I ain’t ticking you up
One more step and I’m liftin’ you up off the ground like a hovercraft
Two more fiends arrive from the scene, some TVs and a shopping cart
I had to stop and laugh, I see ‘em every day
They tried the pipe and [?] the game, their reign was never the same
When [?] revvin’ the game, missed whatever her name is’ missus
Suckers, strangers do while he gives her a hit and makes her famous
The labour of love is brainless, we entertainers
Sell some dangerous drugs that make us feel like we’ve made it
‘Cause famous people takin’ this world, the arrangers makin’ ‘em sell
Now we’ve got a whole generation that’s raisin’ hell
Personally, I blame Chappelle Corby, she saw me packin’ bags
Accidentally put it by her book board, that’s a drag

[Chorus]
You ain’t walked in these shoes ‘til you’ve seen what I’ve seen
I think it’s fairly safe to say that you ain’t feelin’ like me
Hear the screams in the night ‘cause the streets are alive
With the sound of the fiends [?] fight
It’s like every time I take a step to where I need to go
They call me back to see these streets, they won’t let me go
Every time I take a step to where I need to be
They drag me back to the same fuckin’ scenery

[Verse 3: Kerser]
B-b-b-b-back to the scenery, you knowin’ what this means to me
I mean I don’t know nothin’ but the street is what it seems to be
You know the deal, the paranoia’s fuckin’ with my mind
I tap on my back fence and I get edgy huntin’ for the knives
The street’s to blame and so’s the drugs so who am I to say?
I’m probably better off to board a plane and hide away
I’ll try today but that’s a lie, ‘cause I ain’t ever leave
I’ma stay here ‘til they put me in the cemetery
I know the local dealers, local dealers know me too
Like fuckin’ with these dudes, think we don’t know [?] lose
You talk to coppers, talk to coppers then it’s not an option
For us to be mates, I don’t trust you so we got a problem
Gotta stop and drop and do whatever man has done
I got the answer son, what you gonna stand or run?
I’m back where I belong and on a mission once again
Mission to be killin’ all you rappers, yeah, you cunts are dead

[Chorus]
You ain’t walked in these shoes ‘til you’ve seen what I’ve seen
I think it’s fairly safe to say that you ain’t feelin’ like me
Hear the screams in the night ‘cause the streets are alive
With the sound of the fiends [?] fight
It’s like every time I take a step to where I need to go
They call me back to see these streets, they won’t let me go
Every time I take a step to where I need to be
They drag me back to the same fuckin’ scenery