There has been a lot of tension between 360 and Kerser, but no actual problem. The fans of both 360 & Kerser have made this problem, by being to opposites of people. The first recorded shot been thrown was by Kerser on his song - Slam Dunk, from his underground mix tape - Down The Drain, in which he quoted:

"Uses are scared little b*tches like Pez and 60"

A year later after fans of each other go at it. 360 than later comes out with a video, he later comments on it as:
"I put up a video just full clowning on him and shit like that, just to build up the anticipation for the battle and than yea... It happened".

Kerser was making himself a name in the battle rap scene, and so was 360. There was a lot of hype between the two battling, with the first battle going to be with  360 & Pez vs Kerser & Hyjak around mid year 2011, but it didn't happen for reasons untold.

Eventually a battle was made, but it was only between Kerser & 360, and was uploaded on YouTube on the 4th of January - 2012. It got a huge 2.1 million views as of 2014 and being by far the highest viewed battle in Australia. The battle just only built the tension between 360 and Kerser fans.

Kerser has had his say in the comparisons, on the songs - I Ain't Leaving, & Deadset 3.

"Cambelltown they say its rare and shitty,
I am a street motherf*cker don't compare me to 60'."

On the 3rd of July 2013 Kerser posted his song - Left Em All Stranded, to the the Aus Hip Hop Forums.

360 commented on the forum:

"looking forward to peeping this
keep killing it bruv
edit - i actually am too busy to peep right now but i definitely will"

Little did he know that Kerser had thrown another shot at him on that track:
"Got the new album comin' that's three from three
You been workin' on your EP shit for years"

This may of sparked a bit of competition in 360 to come back with the song on the 9th of August - 30 Minutes Tops, which Kerser and his fans believed to be a shot at him.

Where he quoted:
"Brother, don't take it as a lack of respect.
I am glad I made your career have a tad of success,
but I just had to address something something that has to be said,
A snapped neck doesn't need snapping again.
Do I think I won that battle? Actually yes."

He also quoted:
"Not another f*ckin rapper again,
Kickin me another verse without his pad or his pen,
Asking me when me and kerser are f*ckin battling next,
I am sorry buddy, but that ain't going happen again."

Though when Kerser was asked on the fort nightly report he was asked, when are you going to battle 360 next? Kerser than replied "When he picks his ball up". Another shot fired, hopefully there is another rap battle?

Shortly after the release of 30 Minutes Tops, Kerser replied with the song - Old Matt. It was released on the 12 of August.

Both sides has said there is no beef, on the fellow rapper of Kerser - YouTube series the 'Fort Nightly Report', hosted and created by the rapper Fortay.