[Verse 1:]
They said it's all good, they told me relax
They found my medicine, I'd only taken three packs
Here he goes again he's on his fucking dribble and
He's always whinging ain't he cocky, thought that he was killing em
You're looking thin Scott, they tell me that's drugs
I think they're right 'cause I'm eating like a fat cunt
It spins me out, I'm the one that they look up to
I'm happy one minute then the next I'm thinking fuck you
Ain't gotta trust you, you gotta trust me
Triple pop what I call it when I dump three
Ain't a flow better, suicide with no letter
Took the scene over, mama told me I'm a go-getter
And I won't let her know my dark side
Think she knew it when she caught me in the park high
Such a young fool, break the law with one rule
Never dob my family, I didn't learn that shit in school

[Hook:]
What I'm meant to do? Where the right way?
Why I'm high and my mind never skyscrape?
Who you judging? Oh, it's me now?
No A grades, cause I'm living in the C-town

[Verse 2:]
I need a lift up, no need to slip up
I fuck a beat and flip it over, get my dick sucked
They call me sick cunt, 'cause I told em to
I'm so real motherfucker, if you only knew
When they read it, tell the truth ,I kind of dropped nuts
They had the phone records, still denied the shit like "not us"
In custody, my boy be facing five years
He had the Xannies dacked and we popped them just to hide tears
I haven't seen him since I'm dying to visit
I'm on the road so much, it's hard for me for finding a minute
I swear when I get the time, I'll explain it all right?
But, for now, spread your word while I'm stealing a rhyme, and I
Don't know where to go, I finished with the flow
Hope they know that I've shown my heart from the yo
At the start of the track, I put part of it back
So they keep coming back, to my arteries

[Hook:]
What I'm meant to do? Where the right way?
Why I'm high and my mind never skyscrape?
Who you judging? Oh, it's me now?
No A grades, cause I'm living in the C-town

[Verse 3:]
As a teen even then no sober type
You're fucking tripping, thinking that this happened overnight
I seen my mum cry when her best friend died
I ignored it just went out so I could get high!
These are things that fucking eat me inside
I heard my brother stabbing walls I tried to peep in but I
Had a lift out the front more important at the time
And never have I spoke about it, I just pour it out with rhyme
By the way, the knife jammed and he sliced his fucking hand man
Now we hit the stage and almost cry when hearing fans chant
It's fucking crazy, so am I but I just block it out
They tell me talk about it tell me is that gonna stop it now?
I got fans but there were times when no one heard me rhyme
I make the sign of Christ and pray to god that I reach thirty five
Got a dirty mind 'cause I'm from the dirty side
Of society that they don't wanna see or recognise
I make em fucking listen, ain't gotta trust the system
Ain't gotta get permission just to see a friend or visit
If I am wrong then I will blame this fucking scummy town
Now I'm selling out 'cause I am climbing out the underground

[Hook:]
What I'm meant to do? Where the right way?
Why I'm high and my mind never skyscrape?
Who you judging? Oh, it's me now?
No A grades, cause I'm living in the C-town
What I'm meant to do? Where the right way?
Why I'm high and my mind never skyscrape?
Who you judging? Oh, it's me now?
No A grades, cause I'm living in the C-town