[Intro]

Makin moves every week, see I’m to smart
Hi I’m kers, now who the fuck are you brah?

[Verse 1]

Till you *bap pap pap* imma run this shit
If I get hit I pull it out and I crunch that shit
You think I came this far to fuckin have a regret?
I hit the jackpot and I ain’t been happier yet
No swag like kers tell ‘em get they own
I could make a banger out of fuckin metronome
I could get a bitch keen if she look in my eye
I could have her legs up with her foot in the sky
There ain’t none like me, self-made for real
ABK Records who you think made the deal?
I’m made of steel, these rappers ain’t shit
And tell Tracy Grimshaw to have another fit
Never gave a fuck it’s the way of the Kers
If websites ring tell ‘em pay me up first
Smoking on a big blunt
Still the same sick cunt
5 cars in a row, who was talking shit brah?
No reply imma focus on my money man
Which hurts you so we kinda got the upper hand
Entourage roll deep you talking one now
We can come to your town and get you run out
My fan base know the go when I do this
Fuck it imma rock a watch on two wrists
To fresh for the scene I’m a straight kill
Let me take a second I’m about to pop my eighth pill

[Hook]

Never fall imma stand in the same spot
Blame kers, are they ever gonna blame Scott?
In a room, when it moves, yeah my head spins
Aussie hip-hop I gotta be the best thing
Know the name, know the crew, know that we are
Fuckin famous, know the kers with the er
Makin moves every week, see I’m to smart
Hi I’m kers, now who the fuck are you brah?

[Verse 2]

Proved I’m the thing, proved I’m the king
She wet enough no lube when I’m moving it in
Fuck what they say, this is Scott’s commercial
It’s kers, of course it’s fuckin controversial
Stomp a circle, of gronky nerd fools
If they ever ask, if I stopped the purple
One thing for sure though, no one got the raw flow
Flavour and the attitude that Kerser has you all know
I’m great, something Ausies ain’t seen before
Next generation, man I think I teached em all
Give props when they due, can’t deny that
You can run in but you’ll get lost up in my house
Kers one to strong when the bar drop
Why they hate and we laughing, like fuck off
They scared; they won’t say it to our face though
If I cut your neck, I wanna watch your face go
But I’m still ridin round with the crew ya
Update lookin great with the truth brah
Hit my jeweler spend another fat stack
Every time I walk in he’s like, “shit you’re back lad”
Drop heat every song that I drop brah
Live your canned in your fridge that’s a foster
Keep up kers killin them all
I can’t get through a verse without a pill in it ahhh

[Hook]

Never fall imma stand in the same spot
Blame kers, are the ever gonna blame Scott?
In a room, when it moves, yeah my head spins
Aussie hip-hop I gotta be the best thing
Know the name, know the crew, know that we are
Fuckin famous, know the kers with the er
Makin moves every week, see I’m to smart
Hi I’m kers, now who the fuck are you brah?

[Verse 3]

I’m the voice for the people that they ignore
Only difference is, I’m rapping with a big sword
Rappers soft man, what the game coming too?
Lucky I’m here to save it, who the fuck are you?
Rappers getting older I’m a youngin to them
Young cunt getting money, well fuck it, I am
Took a bitch by her hair, put her face in the toilet
Hit flush twice and I move and avoid it
Cruising a joint lit, waiting at the airport
Hitting your city, why the fuck you think we there for?
People hit me up, “make a radio song”
I can’t, cause I never got the radio on
I remain on top while the industry block
And you can’t top me, and you suck industry cock
You’s are lame, play the game by the rules type cunts
I’m like fuck em all, I don’t got no rules tough luck
I’m a beast bounce back on tracks I kill
And they hate me cause I give the facts for real
You should’ve fuckin noticed when I built it all up
I could have a year off and fuckin still have a buzz
Number 1 when I drop, every year till I stop
If you hearing from Scott, but I’m cheering, I’m not
Gonna play games, “king kers waddup up”?
Competition lay down and they never got up, we up

[Hook]

Never fall imma stand in the same spot
Blame kers, are the ever gonna blame Scott?
In a room, when it moves, yeah my head spins
Aussie hip-hop I gotta be the best thing
Know the name, know the crew, know that we are
Fuckin famous, know the kers with the er
Makin moves every week, see I’m to smart
Hi I’m kers, now who the fuck are you brah?