[Intro]

[Chorus: Crystal Mec]
You don't wanna mess with an indigo like that
You don't wanna mess with an indigo like that
I said you don't wanna mess with an indigo like that
I said you don't wanna mess with an indigo like that

[Verse 1: Willow]
You don't wanna mess with an indigo like that
No, you don't wanna mess with an indigo like that
Nu-Uh-uh-uh, you don't wanna mess with an indigo like that
Gettin' all up in my face like-like that, you don't wanna mess with an indigo like that
I'm walkin' down the street, with my spheres, I got the Crystal Mec Crystal Mec Crystal Mec
You walk to me, like saying "what is in your hand right there, hand right there?"
I say, I say...
(Crystal Mec vocal sample[?])
I say their good vibe generators
I'm like why, are you judging me with your scrunched-up nose like
You don't wanna mess with an indigo like that
You don't wanna mess with an indigo like that
Gettin all up in my face like-like that
Got my spheres, my spheres going light years going light years, taking me into inter-mentional[?] space
And I'm like "What G?" (G stands for Genius), like what G? Taking all these pictures

[Hook: Crystal Mec]
You don't wanna mess with an indigo like that
You don't wanna mess with an indigo like that

[Verse 2: Tru]
Yeah
Who let these kids out?
Runnin' round town, that's word of mouth
Indigo now
Purple is all on my cloud, purple is all on my brow
Third Eye is creepin'
Who in the crowd?
I'm on the mic
Tear it out loud[?]
I was just falling for you and your merkabah
Now I'm just spinnin' around and around
Yeah
Don't wanna mess with an indigo like that
Hit you with the One-Two-Sick'em
1-2-3-4 when I hit them
You can come through, get the business
You do not need you a ticket
I just come through and I rip it
Pray to god that you gon' listen
You pray that you get this work, I pray that you can go flip it
Young indigo on a mission

[Verse 3: Tyler Cole]
I don't even know who you are anymore
I don't even know what you want
Cause I left all my feelings in books that they wrote
Lost all my demons in gardens I wanted to
Followed you, merkabah filling my conscious
A brighter view, on the top of a hillside a sight or two
Top of the bill you a headline, but you turned off your headlights
I saw you, I stopped and I said "You an indigo."
Into the woods and the shade where we hidden though
Different from school if you doing geometry
Practice in modesty, look at the prophecy
Hearin' the 808's
You don't wanna mess with me like that, you don't wanna mess with these kids like that
And you know these days it really gets like that, when I think about the past like that

[Outro]