[?]

Money disgusts me, I fear it  (I fucking hate money money money)
What is this green piece of paper?  [?]
We're all scared of the greater men now  (I try to avoid it, it isn't happiness)
In fear, I don't know no more (what should I do, man? I don't know)

Politics, the economy, the education system, and the media
Our souls are twisted and dirtied in the midst of it all
All of the problems eventually end up at money
It's always money that's the problem (money money money)
The majority of the people of Korea sign a slave contract before they're born
There are only words in picture books for babies
Even before they learn how to walk, they're forced to speak English fluently
Why? It's so obvious why
100 reasons out of a 100, it's because their parents want a comfortable retirement
Send their sons and daughters off to high-profile colleges to get top tier jobs
They want to work them to death, are your kids your avatars?
Every time November rolls around, I get goose bumps
How many students will leave for the arms of God this year?
Only on the outside does it look like an exam hall, the inside's a slaughterhouse
I'll find out the cause of this fucking problem

Money disgusts me, I fear it
What is this green piece of paper?
We're all scared of the greater men now
In fear, I don't know no more

You can't catch up once generations change and pass
The fate of your life is determined by a green piece of paper
You can't bring light to such dark change, yeah that's the truth
Every day, I collapse under reality
Want to hear a fucked up example?
It costs $1,950 per quarter at my music school
One of my friends didn't have enough to even pay the application fee
He gave up the transfer, he's banned from asking for an allowance anyway
Qualifications are the fundamental causes of support (fucked up)
The town one over is boisterous again over money lost
This is the result of human greed
We continue to shrug off this vicious cycle like it's nothing
What exactly are we supposed to be teaching our kids?
We were better off during the times of the IMF
Once a life of mutual aid, it's now a life of individual division
I so fucking hate the dead president

Money disgusts me, I fear it
What is this green piece of paper?
We're all scared of the greater men now
In fear, I don't know no more