My flow is woe! Cats hate me on the low
But pattern their life after mine and fall short every time
They think it's all about the shine
Or how I keep my woman in line
Or could it be my gear?
I've been fly since I was a lad
Before that dude with a pen and a pad makes them mad
I'm glad, that's what it's supposed to do
That's what practice and blowing up shows will do
I rhyme best whenever emcees is around
It's interesting to see who don't want to get down
That's why with hip-hop concerned, it's about Caz'nova
And y'all getting Jewish holiday : Pass over
When niggas want the facts, they ain't asking you
I was living hip-hop, when you were just passing through
Who gassing you? You can do what Caz can do?
Well I'd really like to see you try, big guy
You gets no wins, that nigga, be GM Caz
And you can hate all you want but you ain't whooping my ass
So you can step to the plate, or face the facts
They don't make hater's platinum plaques
Nigga

Hate the game
You're just a bunch of amateurs

Niggas got mad egos, it wouldn't be too bad but I hate it
When being on your own dick, is unsubstantiated
I mean come on, seriously, who the hell are you?
And furthermore, what in the fuck did you do?
Invent something? Or did you just go with the flow
Was you a leader? Or nigga did you just follow?
Rhyme in the top 20? Or player hate niggas and boo them?
Was you the man, or was you just standing next to him?
Was you fly or something? Did you have a rep for years?
Did you have so many girls, you was mack of the year?
Was your name on all over? Did you have niggas shook?
Did they write about you in a book?
Are you in demand? Do people call you up shows?
Do you rhyme or get the crowd to say oow's and ho's?
Do you travel? How many time you've been on the plane?
Or do you sit home, hate and complain?
Well if so, check this yo
Your memory is short like an elf
And if you hate me nigga, then you're playing yourself
Y'all niggas know who you are, I ain't gotta say no names
Don't hate the player nigga, hate the game

Hate the game
You're just a bunch of amateurs

It's miss of the hated, but that's ok tho
I mold rappers into emcees like play-doh
Yeah, you're right, I'm wrong, whatever you say tho
You broke my heart, I know it was you Fredo
See niggas got jokes, but can't sell 'em
Which means, you ain't getting a dime when you tell 'em
Meanwhile, I'll be writing, and thinking of ways to get paper
More than I did back in the days
My shit is current, like electricity
I talk big like the J-5 victory
They come close, but still can't get with me
You get lit with me, and did shit with me
So we taught niggas, I sold and bought niggas
I caught niggas, I hold down the fort, niggas
Support niggas, and that breeds contempt
And ain't none of y'all niggas exempt
I was once told by my mom, sweet lady from down south
Never let a puppy come and lick your mouth
I didn't know back then what she said was true
But yo mom, now I do (I miss you)
So fuck all y'all that can't stand to see me shine
Fuck all you jealous niggas, I got bitches in line
Fuck the undercover haters, y'all is the worst kind
I don't give a fuck about you, you all up in mine
I'm still doing my thing, you're 3 steps from has been
You shoveling snow bitch, I'm skiing in Aspen
You genius nigga I smoke and drink liquor
And look real good when I dress, you know the rest
One of the top 50 greatest, or so says Blaze
One of the top 3 if you voted back in the days
And my status in the Hip-Hop game is still growing
Skill showing, 2G and still going
I'm about to turn into something y'all ain't seen
A cat who don't a fuck about nothing but cream
And when I flip you can't say I didn't try to fit ya
You'll be outta the picture, I'm only fucking with ya
So, stay out the sun and get some dark ass shades
I'm about to blind niggas, I have no time niggas
The would be niggas, I think you want to meet
But I still be that nigga that you want to be
The mic slayer, the mayor, rhyme say-er, DJ-er
Mind sway-er, dime layer, or on time player
Player but not a mack, that ain't my frame
They call me Denzel nigga, cause I got game
More powers than Austin, more rings than Boston
Cause they get tossed in, whores they get tossed
And turned out like Olivia coke from Bolivia
And niggas with no mind of their own get blown
Like ?, reach a elf like nitro
Bum rush the stage and pop crystal and light dro
Collect the money and be out till the next time
You need to know the flavor? Well who got the best rhyme?