[Hook: Gunplay]
A million crispy hunneds. A million hunned dollar bills. [x4]
I know what I got to do. [x7]

[Verse 1: Maino]
A million crispy hunneds throwin' up them dollar bills
Strippers damn near runnin' fighting over dollar bills
Niggas know I'm on it them bitches know that I'm for real. All I ever wanted was to finally get to touch a mil
Now I know what I got to do. In the coupe that's powder blue. With a bitch that play with credit but she play with powder too
Bout that money and that murder for that money you get murdered. And my name been holding weight so forget everything you heard of
I'm excited bout them riches in the club with a thousand bitches. Diamonds light up like they sparkle see me smiling while they glisten
I'm a G before a rapper. Run with G's don't fuck with rappers. Lookin' drug dealing dapper hold that papers but I'm mapping

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Jim Jones]
Hunned mil whole big faces. Might buy a hunned Rollies, all big faces. Ducking them Dick Tracy's. Cagayan Laceys
AP Roll, AP stones, Corevy like '80. This that yap money bet that all no chop money. Trip around the world at same time I'm dicking down your girl. I'm on the PJ with my PJ's I ain't sleep yet. With these back to back ? like 3 Jets. Might buy the foam and just grow the green like a Chia Pet. Filled with all green just like the hulk will make me upset. You gon fuck around? It get someone killed
When you talkin' big numbers like a hunned mil

[Hook]

[Verse 3: David Rush]
You said a hunned million dollars let me tell 'em how it feel to be rich. You said there's 14 bricks right there? I paid in full how
It feel to be Mitch. I want the finer things in life I'm talkin' Louie, Fendy, Prada. Then I sit back and I think damn it all started
From a dollar. Now I can't wait to see what a hunned million dollar really feel like. I know I'll be sitting pretty, a nigga lookin' real
Right. I bet it feel good to count through all that money come through them stacks. But it's hard to say I know that money won't bring
My Mama back. These niggas won't hold me back. Rozay already told ya'll that. Take the money fold all that back then hit the scene
And double all those racks. A stack in my pocket a stack in my stash. Make 'em talk slow when it come to this cash. Make it too slow
When it's going to fast. Pray that I make it last

[Hook]