[Intro: T-Pain & DJ Khaled]
Dear Akon... forgive me for what I'm 'bout to say
Dear Barry Weiss, I know you told me not to worry about it man
But I can't let it ride
Dear God, let's make it happen
Hahaha. Ha ha! I'm trying to be you nigga (yeah nigga)
Watch me do me, watch me do me
Watch me do me, watch me do me, yeah!
Nappy Boy, Nappy BOY!
DJ Khaled! Ayo Pain, I want you to go in!
DJ Khaled let's go man, We the best!
Ay, ay, ay LISTEN!

[Verse 1: T-Pain]
I got up out the streets, so I ain't gotta steal
But listen to the radio, it's obvious I still kill (DAMN!)
But y'all was in the game way before me
So why you want to do some shit I did in '03? (ooh!)
I'm laying low-key, for a long time
But don't act like you know me, this is the wrong time
So grab your microphone, set your Auto-Tune
And I'mma bust a verse on yo' ass like I oughta do
I ain't no gangsta dude, ain't gotta pop and bang ya
But you know I'm powerful when I'm pissing off the gospel singers (ooh yeah)
I'm trying to feed my kids, y'all niggas can die slowly
Cause to me it sound like a bunch of karaoke

[Interlude: DJ Khaled & T-Pain]
Aiyyo fuck the imposter!
Fuck these karaoke niggas man!
T-Pain, they wanna live your life man
These are bitch-ass-niggas, man!
It's the DJ Khaled, Nappy Boys
I'm going in, I'm going in
Ayo, T-Pain-
You know what Khaled, I know you right dog, let me get 'em again though
Talk to them!
Ay, ay, listen

[Verse 2: T-Pain]
It ain't all bad, some of it please me
But the only niggas that's cool is Kanye and Lil Weezy (Damn!)
I'm a hit-maker, not a comedian
So why the fuck were these niggas laughing at me when I seen they ass? (Ooh!)
This shit will never work, a one-hit wonder bitch
But all that shit that you doing now make me wonder this
Now why it's cool for you, but it's not for me?
And why he ain't hop on my song and make it hot for me?
But you don't give a fuck, you just a swagger jacker
Now I'm a certified Lamborghini-ist and Cadillac-er (ooh yeah)
Cause I'm trying to feed my kids, y'all niggas can die slowly
Cause just to me, it sounds like a bunch of karaoke

[Interlude: DJ Khaled & T-Pain]
Y'all singin' the same old song
Y'all some karaoke niggas, karaoke fuck niggas
This is Nappy Boy, this is DJ Khaled!
We global with this hood shit, this what we do!
Why you wanna live our life?
You wanna live our lifestyle, aiyyo T-Pain!
What up Khaled? Get 'em

[Verse 3: T-Pain]
Yo, let me get a moment of silence, for the late great Roger Troutman
Y'all niggas ain't holdin' him down, so we had to put me at you
Bitch, I'm Teddy Pain, the son of Teddy Riley
The father of the game, you pussy niggas wild'n
How many niggas really wanna test?
Pain the originator, Khaled be the best
All these motherfuckers tryin' to do what I did
Stealing food from an infant, style from a kid
Twenty-four years, twenty-four cars
Bitch we the best, we got plenty more stars
Every time you pussy motherfuckers try to stop me
It's plenty more hits, plenty more bars
Yeah, that's not cool baby, so that's not happening
Y'all keep on stealing from me, let me try this rapping thing
I know you know I hear you, isn't that embarrassing?
Set the game on fire, Teddy Gasoline
Pussy niggas step up if you really got good game
I got a lot of shit to say about a nigga, but it's really not good things
That ain't no disrespect man, y'all keep doing your shit
But my daughter told me to tell you to get off her daddy's dick

[Outro: DJ Khaled]
Aiyyo Pain, man I'mma call these niggas out
I'mma pull them skirts, man
They fuck - ayo, let me get them!
FUCK IT!
It's the DJ Khaled don-dada
Big dog pitbull Terror Squadian
A.K.A. WE THE BEST!
A.K.A. shit on niggas dot-com!
A.K.A. Nappy Boy, bitch!
We global... we global