[Intro: R. Kelly, Fat Joe, Lil Wayne & DJ Khaled]
Woo! Roxanne! It's Kells bitches (owwwww!)
You don't have to turn off the red light
Hahah, chea! (Scotty) chea!
I'm in the building! (Let's make it rain on this niggas)
I see you Joey (Crack) Remix!

[Hook: Lil Wayne & DJ Khaled]
Yeah, I'm in this bitch with the Terror
Got a handful of stacks, better grab an umbrella (remix!)
I make it rain, I make it rain, I'm in this bitch with the Terror (We The Best)
Got a handful of stacks, better grab an umbrella (let's go! I make it)
I make it rain, I make it rain (oh!) make it rain on them hoes (remix!)
I make it rain, I make it rain (oh!) I make it rain on them hoes (remix!)
I make it rain, I make it rain (oh!) I make it rain on them hoes (We The Best)
I make it rain, I make it rain (oh!) I make it rain on them hoes (listen!)
Oww!

[Verse 1: R. Kelly]
I be drillin' these chicks like Major Payne
When I make it rain, they be like, "Kells, do it again!" (oh!)
From the club to the coupe, inside my gates
Up in my bedroom, screamin' each others' names (oh!)
They was purrty-purrty, and I was flurrty-flurrty
Lil' dro, lil' bub now they gettin' dirty-dirty
Don't ask me what my name is—stupid bitch, I'm famous
You gon' make me aim this, leave your ass brainless
I'm tryin' to stay R&B, but these streets is a part of me
So don't get it, twisted!
You see I order one bottle then I fuck with one model
Then I order more bottles now I got more models
I'm from that city where them niggas don't play, man
I take a chick to my room like caveman
So ask your girlfriend my name, I bet she go
"Skeet skeet skeet skeet, weatherman 'bout to make it rain!"

[Hook: Lil Wayne & DJ Khaled]
Yeah, I'm in this bitch with the Terror (remix)
Got a handful of stacks, better grab an umbrella (let's go)
I make it rain, I make it rain, I'm in this bitch with the Terror
One time for my homie, Sean Paul
Got a handful of stacks, better grab an umbrella
Coming home soon, we miss you nigga
I make it rain, I make it rain (oh!) make it rain on them hoes (We The Best)
I make it rain, I make it rain (oh!) I make it rain on them hoes (we see no bond)
I make it rain, I make it rain (oh!) I make it rain on them hoes
I make it rain, I make it rain (oh!) I make it rain on them hoes (listen!)
Oww!

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Blat, blat, blat, blat! Hey Joey, let me get 'em
It's Young Money and we on like the television
The Weather Channel, but I do not broadcast
I throw up more cash, and change the forecast
Your boyfriend is lame, I make it rain on ya
He never make it rain, like Southern California
Where's your umbrella? Now get your raincoat
Baby I make it flood, now you gon' need a boat

[Verse 3: Birdman]
Fresh to death on 'em, we throwin' money on 'em
Stay fly, 25's when we ride on 'em
Alligator suede, custom with the shades
Make it snow in the club, bitches know we paid
Stay shine, rockin' Gucci in the Bentley
White Rolls for my broad on them 23's
Goin' to the club, nigga, in a new fleet
All red doors up, doin' it like a real G

[Hook: Lil Wayne & DJ Khaled]
Yeah, I'm in this bitch with the Terror (remix!)
Got a handful of stacks, better grab an umbrella (Diamonds, let's go!)
I make it rain, I make it rain, I'm in this bitch with the Terror (Six City, Magic City)
Got a handful of stacks, better grab an umbrella (Rolex, remix!)
I make it rain, I make it rain (oh!) make it rain on them hoes (remix!)
I make it rain, I make it rain (oh!) I make it rain on them hoes (Sue's Rendezvous)
I make it rain, I make it rain (oh!) I make it rain on them hoes (get your money right)
I make it rain, I make it rain (oh!) I make it rain on them hoes (listen!)
Oww!

[Verse 4: T.I.]
Come and see me and Crack in the club flossin'
.40 cal in my jacket, twenty stacks in my jeans
Know real boss niggas do real boss things
We 'bout that shit, you just talkin'
Young Sam Rothstein, out with my goons
In the 430 down the strip I zoom
In the drop in January but it feel like June
Big Glock I carry make a real big boom
Make moves like a young tycoon
I come through like a young typhoon
Category 3, don’t be categoryin' me
With these niggas like they'll get a better salary than me
I'm, El Capitan, King, numero uno
I flood pussy clubs, ask any stripper you know

[Verse 5: Ace Mack]
Ace Mizzy get all the hoes
Gonna teach them shit they want to know
Like fuck that pussy ass 9-to-4
Girl make that bucket a pot of gold
It ain't no money like custom money
It ain't no bitch like a hustle bunny
Ain't no bitch gettin' none of my money
That why the money got a clip to protect it for me
She gotta ride for the A, hop for the A
Live for the minute or be out for the day
Hop on the metal and lookin' hot in stilettos
Gotta rock with a bezzle on the trigger finger
Boss bitch of the ghetto, my Spanish Trina
Talk shit to a nigga with the blamma beamed up
When I see her gotta handle my bid-nah
I gotta give her one of these in the back of the team truck

[Hook: Lil Wayne & DJ Khaled]
Yeah, I'm in this bitch with the Terror (remix)
Got a handful of stacks, better grab an umbrella (We The Best, remix)
I make it rain, I make it rain, I'm in this bitch with the Terror (uh-uh)
Got a handful of stacks, better grab an umbrella (I make it rain)
I make it rain, I make it rain (oh!) make it rain on them hoes (remix, remix!)
I make it rain, I make it rain (oh!) I make it rain on them hoes (We The Best)
I make it rain, I make it rain (oh!) I make it rain on them hoes (I said We The Best)
I make it rain, I make it rain (oh!) I make it rain on them hoes
Oww!

[Bridge: Rick Ross]
305 M-I-yayo, ay Khal', call Joe up
Let him know I'm at the Rolex, I just ran outta money
Make it rain, make it rain
I need to borrow 50 thousand cash
Make it rain, make it rain
Come through baby, we make it rain
Make it rain, make it rain
E-Class on the way too, we got a hundred grand with him
Make it rain, make it rain
Triple C's, oh yeah, it's the remix

[Verse 6: Rick Ross]
I be reppin' my city, blowin' hundreds and fifties
If the head right, Ricky there every night
Joey I was listenin', pullin' up, spinnin' rims
Time to spend some dividends, my money they swimmin' in
Ross, I'm a boss (I'm a boss) I'm the mayor (I'm the mayor)
Make it rain (make it rain) on these haters (on these haters)
Get your umbrella fella, cause we blowin' hella chedda
I'm the nigga that you scared of cause no one can do it better

[Verse 7: Fat Joe]
Owwww!
Joe Crack, girly, 80s crack baby's mama paid me
Maybach, fly Mercedes, birth that, drop a baby
Them purrty ladies, they drive me crazy
Them skies is hazy, I'll pop like 80
Someone tell Mr. Bentley to bring his umbrella
Katrina not, it's just the one fella
Who got dumb chedda, and need a brain surgeon
Got me a designated thrower cause my hand's hurtin'
I make it rain, it's Coca bitch!
It's not a game, I'm 'bout those locos rich
Ain't nothin' wrong with wantin' a little happy endin'
And we don't need a hotel, we parkin' lot pimpin', bitch!

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, I'm in this bitch with the Terror
Got a handful of stacks, better grab an umbrella
I make it rain, I make it rain, I'm in this bitch with the Terror
Got a handful of stacks, better grab an umbrella
I make it rain, I make it rain (oh!) make it rain on them hoes
I make it rain, I make it rain (oh!) I make it rain on them hoes
I make it rain, I make it rain (oh!) I make it rain on them hoes
I make it rain, I make it rain (oh!) I make it rain on them hoes
Oww!