(DJ Khaled)
Coke Boys, Chinx... You now!
You been ready. It's your time!

(Intro: French Montana)
Shorty know I'm high, you heard me? Smoke my L...
White Ghost my ride, flip off my lid
Shorty see I'm high, throwin' money in the air
Fly bitches on my side, steady talkin' in my ear

(Hook: Roscoe Dash)
In the club like you're beloved, you the baddest I done seen
Say you got a man? Well that's cool, but shorty he ain't it
I can give you feelings he can't give you in your lifetime
Baby, try it out - shorty, all I need is one night
All I need is one night, one night, one night
You can search all the world...
All I need is one night, one night, one night
You gon' fall in love like this

(Verse 1: Chinx Drugz)
Now I be center-stage throwing money - we walk in, but we run it
She passed out when that new Rolls pulled up like Huggies
We rolled up, then we hopped out it - that big boy parked lopsided
She's staring at my jock - that's what I call cockeyed
Flew G5 with two pilots - we vacate, hit two islands
Your ho she ain't no saint, just left Saint Croix, then Saint Thomas
These hoes tryna find lovin', please go right to me if I'm buggin'
Charge that line and fish gon' bite, man this pimp shit for life

(Hook: Roscoe Dash)

(Verse 2: French Montana)
Drop top that Beamer - cock back that heater
Two chicks they rollin' - ass like Serena
All my bitches A-list, all my cars brainless
Chapter 4, page 6 - know that boy make hits
My money up, my cars up - my crib look like my high school
I'll shoot you in your eye, rap about it, call that iTunes
My end game like Carl - my pimp game like Don Juan
Ten hoes, they choosin' - I'm just tryna find one

(Hook: Roscoe Dash)

(Verse 3: Chinx Drugz)
Shorty, I seen you over there, now get a load of me
I be ballin' like the majors, these niggas know the league
Fresh up off that corner, stylin' how I wanna
I be fresh to death, these niggas just in a coma
All these bitches up in my ear...
See my place, they wanna slide there...
Don't need no key, cause I don't cuff her
Keep her, I don't want her
All I need is one night
Baby, when I'm finished, I'mma let her go

(Hook: Roscoe Dash) x2