"Say Hello"

[Verse:]
Uh, I'm feeling so throwed. I den had this drink since I was 15
& now I'm finally getting on. Told you bout this shit when I was 18
& fuck it, I'm the new nigga. Don't give a fuck bout how these niggas rate
Me
Ya girlfriend wanna cruise with us. But I'ma need a badder bitch to date me
Uh, I got this money in my pocket. I won't throw it 'less she dropping
Know what? Fuck it, bitch go shopping
See I always keep it cocky, cause these niggas wanna doubt me
Talking numbers like a auction. Fuck yo Porsche and yo bugatti that you
Always talk about, but Ion never see you driving cause you know that
Nigga's hungry and you looking at a lion. I'm the fucking last king eating
Dinner with the mayans. Yeah you riding for yo city, but I'm driving. BITCH!

[Chorus:]
All I care about is money, give a fuck about the hoes. Broke or rich, I'm on my Shit
Gotta let these motherfuckas know
Put my H up in the sky and for Screw I drop a 4. My city calling for me but I'm gone
Say hello say hello, gotta do what I do let me go. [x4]
Say none of yall niggas can do it like me. Puffing that purp, fucking up
Pink, and ion give a fuck about tint and shit. Only 1 deep, gotta pimp my
Shit
Say hello say hello gotta do what I do let me go. [x2]

[Verse:]
I take a look around the club, I den fucked everybody
Man I'ma need some newer bitches with some newer bodies
The type-a bitch that don't know shit and she don't know nobody
So I can mold like a vent, yep polarize it
I know some niggas I was with that went and told somebody
About some shit he said he never would've told nobody. Damn
Now I prolly got you shook. See we kick it all the time and I ain't never
Brought it up. Hmm. Shit, gotta keep the shit G. Cause the niggas playing
Cool be the niggas with the heat. Yeah them niggas still in school prolly
Knock you off ya feet. Talk is cheap. Paying dues, no receipt. I got bad
Bitches waiting, boys intimidated. & I still can't believe I got signed to a
Label. I guess I gotta do it while it's all in my favor, and next year I'll
Be on vacation. BANGZ!

[Chorus:]
All I care about is money, give a fuck about the hoes. Broke or rich, I'm on my Shit
Gotta let these motherfuckas know
Put the H up in the sky and for Screw I drop a 4. My city calling for me but I'm gone
Say hello say hello, gotta do what I do let me go. [x4]
Say none of yall niggas can do it like me. Puffing that purp, fucking up
Pink, and ion give a fuck about tint and shit. Only 1 deep, gotta pimp my
Shit
Say hello say hello gotta do what I do let me go. [x2]




Thanks to Macie for adding these lyrics
By Akram Adde near west balm beach FL