[DJ Khaled]
Ayo Snupe! Dreamchaser Records!
Ayo Snupe! You the Future.!
Shit on these fuck boys!!!!

[Lil' Snupe]
Look! I'm finna make these niggas feel me
For all these pussy niggas out here shooting trynna kill me
I'm finna make these niggas feel me
For all these pussy niggas out here shooting trynna kill me
Bitch I'm thuggin' I ain't changin'
The hood that's where I'm hangin'
Nigga run up on me wrong my lil homies gon get the bangin'
Fuck all you niggas and bitches, ya'll know I'm the shit
Cuz ya'll shootin' but ya'll be missing
I'm putting you bitches in ditches
Glock 40 make the whole fuckin' room shake
Walk up in your dorm like I'm your mufuckin' roommate
Niggas know I'm too hot in your shit like I'm Lou Dock
And if anybody move wrong, they ass gettin' 2 shots
Got my nigga Gwen with me and he got 2 Glocks
It's me against the world bitch I'm feeling like I'm 2Pac
These streets is gettin' crazy, these niggas trynna wet me up
Plus my bitch trippin' I think she trynna set me up
Niggas know how we smoke, niggas know how we go
Make E approach your ass big 40 in the peacoat
These niggas playing dumb like I ain't the one
I got heat like I'm LeBron we doing this shit for fun
All my niggas getting released, bitch I got my shootas back!
Run up on me off the nub, them niggas knock your news back
Ya'll niggas be new to that, my niggas be true to that
Shinin' grindin' bitch I'm Charlie Brown in the 90's
You play me I up it, Nigga play me I bust it
Ya'll be talking bout pistols but ya'll ain't never clutch it
Keep talkin' foul I'mma have my nigga offer you in public
Talkin' shit over twitter but ya'll know we be thuggin'
Talkin' Bow! Fuck around and show up at your town
Mossburg kill you and every nigga that you 'round
Niggas trynna play now cuz my cash long
Drop 'em off in Jonesboro and they won't last long
I ain't knocking you bitches, I'm just watching you bitches
And ya'll be talking loud so I'mma get the droppin' you bitches
Ya'll hoes love Snupe, so I be coppin' you bitches
And I go with that hot shit so I ain't floppin' you bitches
Hatin' on my success cuz they know I'm up next
Bitches say I'm the best
I'm Charlie Brown in the flesh
Look at the diamonds on my wrist and they all on my neck
And if you try to take Boony in the back with that teck
You niggas playin' games, so you know just how it go
I'm the young nigga who came out the 318
And I finally got my feet up in the door
If this rap shit don't work, me and my nigga sell dope
The wait over 2013 Dreamchasers the Take Over I'm gone!

[DJ Khaled]
Real Shit! Shit Real!
DJ Khaled! I don't just talk in anybody's records!
I just don't! you gotta be nice! You gotta put in that hustle!
Snupe the future! Lil' Snupe a problem! Remember I told you!
I know when I hear that real shit! Dreamchasers! Meek Milly!
DJ Khaled! We the best! When I co sign something, it means something!
You pussy boys fuck boys! Go inspect this!

Lil' Snupe!!!! 1hundred