I'm the ever livin, the unforgiven, the oldie swinga, the drama bringa, that 247 MC gun slinga, the bronx bomba, that black gotty in the party, that human pump shotty with the built-in body for body
The baby maker, the heartbreaker, the show-stopper, the punk MC droppa with a 9 inch all-beef wopper
The predator, the dope-rhyme editor, the terminator, the fake studio gangster exterminator
The overlord, the one man clan, you should gimmie yo royalty check, because I started this shit man
The finda, the feela, the I'm a fuck her and forget get her, I already hit that bitch so I ain't sweatin cause you wit a nigga
The firm stroke, the wild thing, the who gives a fuck about you man, the swollen OG zulu king, the widow maker, the child support line payer
The baby mothaducka, don't get me started in this mothafucka...

I’m a star, get love where ever i run, New York til I die, Hollywood til I’m done, I’m a star, it all started at a demo, now I'm fuckin hoes and sniffin cocaine in the limo
A star, what am I supposed to do? New York til I die, Hollywood til I’m done, I’m a star, old stage holdin my jews, and a so cool, always wanna fuck my pool

I’m the lone like a phone stone, keep prome, grown from home, to home grown, to brome, from dome, to dome nome, the on, like phone from brome, then you’re for gone to crone, being showed in masterjohns
A bigga trigga, DJ go more stripped then tiger, then figure I make a track go zip zigga zigga. More bigger than wiggas then grave diggin niggas, the dime screwa, I make a hoe go Oowah
I play like I weigh, and you lay like you gay and you gay all day with that right homie...heyy!
My dick smells like lipstick, perfume and grass, while yours is always smellin like a homo's ass. The godfatha, prada dadda, shot a lotta yadda yadda, gotta prima donna in my sana, to wanna wanna hold back nada high, dan danna to Magnala my little enchiladas, sayonara…

I’m a star, I'm at another movie premiere, looka here, you fuckin with the MAC of the year
I’m a star, put the party on my tab, call me cab, I gotta check into what we have
I’m a star, get love where ever i run, New York til I die, Hollywood til I’m done, I’m a star, it all started at a demo, now Im fuckin hoes and sniffin cocaine in the limo

I take my time like a stopwatch, my style is top notch, it’s hip hop, I told you osh kosh nigga, how to pop lock, you cock block, sellin your rocks, hit the spots, then get shot, you at the tip top, and then you flip flop
You just the main plan, with strange plans, to stained hands, in your waistband, the matter left the game change hands
While I was rhymin for your father, mother, you lover, you little brother you mothafuckers was rhymin for each other. Ha! I’m more impressed, with flat chest than breast, the New York mets, seein Will Smith as Jim West, sorry as Ali, I’m keepin the far a nella show, I want smo-low, I’m askin get shass big tuck
The bruise and all, the oversized shoes and all, refuse, to choose, the new school blues and lose it all. The betta chetta getta from leatha, the leatha the shredda the spreada, I said is standin in the red sweather wetta
(A star… A Star… A Star… A Star…)

1 2, 1 2 production, shit straight forward, here it is!

I’m a star, get love would ever happen, New York til I die, Hollywood til I’m burned, I’m a star, it all start livin demo una, fuckin hoes and sniffin cocaine in the limo
A star, what am I supposed to do? New York til I die, Hollywood til I’m do, I’m a star, old stage holdin my jews, and a so cool, brothers always fuckin my pool