[Intro: Lupe Fiasco, Holly Brook, & Tak]
Uh, MS, Lupe
You know I'm a fan man, I'm a real fan

(Gonna be somebody)
Feel real honoured to be up in here
(Gonna be someone)
You know what I'm saying?
They had to bring out the expensive mics for this one

(Gonna be somebody)
You know what I'm saying?
The seven thousand dollar headphones for this one here
(Gonna be someone)
Know what I'm saying?
Come on, talk to me

[Verse 1: Mike Shinoda]
This is the story of them against us, win or lose
Forcing your feet into someone else's shoes
Everybody's got something to say
That we ought to live their way, what we're doing's not okay

In this world, everybody's got a chip on both sides of their neck
Got no respect, wait up a sec
You ever feel like the pressure's too much to take?
Too much weight?

Ladies and gentlemen
If anybody can hear me right now, please shout back
We're not the only ones feeling so trapped
In a dream of somebody else, in fact

They got their heads full of some overblown scheme
Opportunity they missed back when they were sixteen
And all they want to do is push you to be that
And all you want to do is scream back

[Hook: Holly, Tak, & Mike]
Gonna be somebody
(For anybody telling me I can't)
Gonna be someone
(For anyone who told me I had no chance)

Gonna be somebody
(I'm telling you, the time has come, like that)
Gonna be someone
(And maybe you'll get it when I'm finally done)

[Verse 2: Mike]
We don't sleep to dream, we sleep to build stamina
Energy to do our thing, get your camera
'Cause this ride is about to begin
Sit down and buckle it in, let me say it again

In this world, everybody's got a chip on
Both sides of the neck, got no respect
Wait up a sec, when I was young
They said the odds of making it were slim to none

Ladies and, fuck it
I'm tired of them saying the dream you have doesn't exist
Telling you you're worthless, saying you should quit
Basically, telling you that you'll never be shit

Really, they're pissed 'cause they'll never achieve
Some opportunity they missed back when they were sixteen
And all they want to do is push you to be that
And all you want to do is scream back

[Verse 3: Lupe Fiasco]
Uh

They gon' think you're crazy mumbling to yourself
In the basement all day, uh-uh-uh'in to yourself
My pops didn't dig it, was shoveling to myself
My boys used to get it, they dug it because they felt

My undertaking took me, I was making in my stealth
A wealth of rhymes of crazy, I would chuckle to myself
Then they went into the mental rolodex
See I'm know 'em by heart, like a brain in my chest

Then I took them to school where subjects was gettin' felt
Books under my seat, notebook laying on my desk
My teacher's like, "Mr. Jaco?" "Yes?"
"With all that knowledge, you ain't tryna go to college?

Be a lawyer or a doctor, get a whole lot of dollars?
Rather degrade women and glorify violence?"
"Well the work that works for me might not work for you
No homework, I got work to do"

[Hook: Holly, Tak, & Mike]
Gonna be somebody
(For anybody telling me I can't)
Gonna be someone
(For anyone who told me I had no chance)

Gonna be somebody
(I'm telling you, the time has come, like that)
Gonna be someone
(And maybe you'll get it when I'm finally done)

[Outro: Mike]
And I'm finally done, yeah
This one goes out to those fantastic human beings
That keep us down and hold us back
And give us fuel for what we do
Thanks