[Intro: Mike Shinoda (Celph)]
Gentlemen and ladies
Please put down your expensive champagne (ha ha ha ha)
It's about to get ugly in here
(Yeah, set it on them motherfuckers!)
LET'S GO! My name is Mike Shinoda
And with some help from my man Celph Titled (you goddamn right)
I would like to introduce to you
From Styles of Beyond, Takbir!

[Tak]
Hell yeah, put a sock in your mouth, you now rocking with Styles
This how we knockin them down.. (Takbir!)

Hell yeah, put a sock in your mouth, you now rocking with Styles
This how we knocking them down, no other option around
Cause I just cock it and blaow, me and my popular pals
Don't make me hop in the crowd, stop jocking then bounce
We taking over and stomping all of you porch spiders
Cover and duck and we shooting straight out of Fort Minor
Roll with a pack of fifty, someone they acting shifty
I put a stamp on it and slap 'em with a flask of whiskey
You got your hopes to blazing, buzzing with no sedation
I got a [click-clack] and a party cap for both occasions
With something terrible sit in a mini stadium
Never perform solo, I'm fricking sick in the cranium
Packing them in, yeah, the hooligan's back
We quick to, cracking his shins with aluminum bats
Got the place going bananas and they pumping they fists
I tip my brim to Los Angeles and jump in the pit, pit, pit

(What the fuck are you doin man? You spilled my Cristal all over me!)

[Chorus: Mike Shinoda & Celph Titled]
So rough, so rugged, so what
Like a runaway train we tearin' the track up
We're, at it again, we're ready to act up
So cover and duck, show us you're rockin' wit us
Let's see your fists if you're rockin' with this
Let me see your fists if you're rockin' with this

[Mike Shinoda]
Yeah, yo
From the start 'til the end, night until the dawn
It's that, fight music cause right when it comes on
You just, lose control of your elbows and fists
Fuckin' utter disregard for.. [scratches]
From the start 'til the end, night until the..
From the start 'til the end... [scratches]

From the start 'til the end, night until the dawn
It's that, fight music cause right when it comes on
You just, lose control of your elbows and fists
Fuckin' utter disregard for your body in the pit
People are, swinging limbs, swinging bottles and chairs
Just throwing linebacker motherfuckers up in the air
So back up! We got you wearing that fight club glare
Steady tearing down the club cause you just don't care
It's the realest way to feel it when the speakers pop popping
You're wit it if you get it when that beat starts knocking
We kill it when we get up on that mic' start rocking
And you feel it when you hear it cause we're on non-stopping
So, ask about me or a friend if they know (know)
We do it daily, never maybe, every show (show)
If y'all wanna get down, I'm ready to roll
Right now, y'all ready? Let's get it, let's go!

[Chorus]

[Mike Shinoda & Celph Titled]
Yo, let's see your fists if you're rockin with this
Let me see your fists if you're rockin with this – Ryu!

[Ryu]
Yo, so now they know this me rocking over Shinoda beats
Making it crack like the extract in cocoa leaves
Hopefully labels love it; if not, then FUCK 'em
I'm cutting the break cables, ain't stopping at nothing
My hype is comin, murder for the price of a muffin
You think twice with a steak knife stuck in your stomach
I'm like – whoever want it whistle, I'll let you bring a pistol
I'll put a verse on both wings like a stinger missile
Provoking people to bring it, I keep the weapons stable
I blow a fucking hole through 'em like a Western bagel
Yeah I talk tough and I rap ignorant too
Sick of me kicking knowledge gettin crap on my shoes
I'm off my rocker, a psycho stalker
A girl called me David Beckham, she thought I was gonna sock her
Nah, I'm the one to get it cracking, the plan works
Before I rock a show you gotta fasten they fans first

(You ready? Let's go!)

[Chorus]

[Celph Titled]
Yo, let's see your fists if you're rocking with this
Let me see your fists if you're rocking with this (c'mon Celph)
Yo, if it ain't raw it ain't right, so get it right
We at it again, 'bout to act up and start a fight
So, cover and duck cause we running amuck
No! Cover and duck cause we about to erupt
Throw your motherfucking hands to the sky, sky
And make a fist if you wanna get live, live
Throw your motherfucking hands to the sky, sky
And make a fist if you wanna get live, live

[Outro: Celph Titled (Mike Sinoda)]
(C'mon y'all, yeah) Yeah
(You like that shit? Ha ha ha ha)
We have to get real GODZ-illa on them this time
Tak and Ryu, S.O.B., Celph Titled (tell 'em Celph)
M. Shinoda the cobra holder (ha ha ha ha)
Demigodz, that's how my crew do
Shut the fuck up, there's grown folks talking!