[Intro]
It's real, did you ever see that type of nigga
Who don't be nobody
I'm talkin about blood clot, he ain't squat
Like the muthafucka from high school that everybody forgot
While you was gettin chopped and dropped
I was blowin up the spot
Speedin to the top, like a speed knot
Gettin more props than Jamaica got weed spots
I got this paper or not
For the love of hoes and designer clothes
Cuz I got more hoes, than..
You just dodo
While you was

The world iz mine!!!
Ah! Yo
1995 (world iz mine)

[Hook]
Screw on the silencers, screw on the silencers
Cuz real bad boys move in silence
Screw on the silencers, screw on the silencers
Cuz real bad boys move in silence

[Verse 1]
I stash butterflie knives and 45's in ma garments
Fuck nigga, I take a pussy god quick
Peep ma stee in the streets well respected
Like the rectomatic dime bags of the Method, Zee
Bomb on heads like what kid
I keep 'em on slow mo son I'm the champion to boy don't run
I make it death fun when I kill ya
I take a power driller and drill it right through ya liver
Ha, Ha, Ha
I'm ruthless possesed by the devil
Fuck fire pa' I'm on a hole other level
Tha mess tablets make ya mind flick
Ma murdarous styles I kick make female groupies lick the dick
Word to the muva, I put this on tour wicked
The first that fakin I'mma lace 'em and dislocate 'em
Real niggas do real things youknowhatImean ?
The first to fake the gangsta lean get throwned in the fiend
Killa Kane where ya at ?
G.P. be packin' gats, runnin', nah son it won't be none a that
The clips who fat plus long, I love doin' wrong
Plus killin' copperz is Ma favourite song
[Fuck tha police]

[Hook] repeat 2X

[Verse 2]
I roll with criminals, coldbloody murderers, drug hustlaz, suburban areas
I know ya heard of us
Big up, big up to ma niggas in the bricks
Bad boys, you stings on the hucious tip
I brush you shit quick phoney G'z won't call
I make it, happen like God test me if ya wanna die Lord
I wear black to keep ma I.D. on the low
I'm all about makin' dough at the fast tempo
Fuck shootin' up shit that only makes the spot hot
And we don't need the booshaa, blast the blood clot!!!
Say word! [Word!!!] Word iz bond [ Word iz bond!!!!]
Load tha gats up son cuz once again it's on
Niggas must be thinkin' that I'm sweet a somethin'
I ain't frontin, word to life, I murder somethin'!!
Ha, Ha, Ha
Fuck y'all crab niggas
Bring it to me
Word up
I like this

[Hook] repeat 2X