[Intro: L.E.O.]
Yo, yo, yo Shy, yo, yo you ain't home?
Yo this L.E.O., this your cousin
Pick up the phone God
Yo I got something to tell you God
Damn God, yo when you get my message God
Hit me, aight?

[Shyheim]
Shit Iz Real, nigga
2000 project housing shit
It's on, nigga, faggot ass niggas
Shaolin, it's my hood, nigga
"When did you stop loving me?"
Stapleton
"When did I stop loving you?"
Niggas thought they was gon' be able to touch me, right?
27, Killa Bee Gang, nigga!
Niggas gon' respect that God
Thought you was gon' touch me and niggas was gon' be left at that, huh?
"When did you stop loving me?"
Huh? Yea, nigga, war for life
It's 'bout that time, my nigga
Y'all better clear out..

[Verse 1: Shyheim]
What you wanna be labeled as, a coward or a duck?
What powder you cut? You went in that building for what?
When you rep' that building, what you set for that building?
If it wasn't for me, you would've been dead in that building
You don't know what it feel like to say "I own that building"
Get dough in that building, or control that building
You don't know that feeling, you ain't condone that killing
Cause when the cops came, you was like Shy in that building
I remember them days when you was shook in them buildings
Put you in front of these buildings, fronting like you killing
When the scrams was on, you was all on his dick
And you gave that bitch money cause you've always been a trick
You know Shy the kid, I'm back on the block
Bought the crack in the spot, Twin back in the box
Fucking clap at the cops, if I'm rapping or not
What you gonna do nigga, shoot or get shot?
BLAOW!

[Chorus 4X]
"When did you stop loving me?"
"When did I stop loving you?"

[Shyheim]
Oh boy, why won't you tell me nigga?
Stop fronting, say something nigga
What up? Y'all fucking stupid!

[Verse 2 Shyheim]
My shit is hot on the block like new Glocks out the box
Or yacht for the dough, at the boat docks
Father Shy, I put you in the trauma unit
Shoot up your body viewing, Bing monster, half human
Cause mass confusion, put the air in the cake
You hear the "Tales in the Hood", I'm crazy like Case
Niggas want peace on Earth, so to God they pray
Say my name in your grace, live from the 7-1-8
Empire State, where Ghostface retired Ma$e
I meditate amongst the great, you can't hold no weight
Cause you soft as cake
I pack a lion down and punch a bear in his face
I got no more to say

[Chorus 5X]

[Outro: Shyheim]
This goes out, Freddy Red
Chubby, my nigga, yeah, I love you
My cousins, Twin, Leo, Big Un
Gil, Killa Kane, yeah, Mush, uh..
Oh boy, won't you tell me?
Yeah, Ishmail, yea, all my niggas
Love ya, Shock-12, what up son?
Homicide, what up nigga?
All my niggas, see you when you come home
Car-Cheesy, G-Note, the Feds
Nigga I see you when you come home nigga
Lil' Free, yeah, never stop loving you niggas
All my niggas locked down
Yea, one love, one thug, to the motherfucker last slug
Shyheim, 27 Warrant Squad, Wu-Tang Killa Bee Gang, nigga