(I ain't think I'd be alive at 25. I used to sell 125s for 25. 25 lighters on the dresser, yes sir. Gotta get paid)

[Verse 1: Starlito]
If you make it to see 25 that's OG status
I was told you could be anything, just don't be average
Down bad, flat pockets, that shit made me a savage
Started hustling non-stop,  don't plan on breaking that habit
Fuck niggas start hating when I start making it rapping
Cause you can't make it this fast, unless you taking a taxi
Less than 40 days, 100K tucked in my safe,I just stashed it
Next time I touch it, I'm flippin it. Real estate my gymastics
Still bet my 20s into 50s, and wrap the 50s in 100 stacks
No, I'm not a dummy, never took no bitch where my money at
Pimp if it come to that, I'm like, "Bitch,where my money at?" Comfortable by my lonely, cause they snitch when you run in packs
Ghost wrote a whole mixtape for some zips and some 100 packs
I ain't have no option, I was pitching. Wait, run that back
No, I ain't have no patience then my plug dropped some weight on me
Im thuggin, Don't give a fuck, I swear I love when they hate on me, GRIND HARD!

[Verse 2: DON TRIP]
Where do we go from here? The point of no return
No, I ain't listen so experience taught me everything I learned
I learned the hard way. Yall went yaweh, and that's none of my concern
I know you cowards just can't wait to come take everything I earned
But it won't be easy, no piece of cake
Prepared for whatever may come my way
I'm just a man, and I make mistakes
But I still go in, I don't run away
Got guns in my safe, you become dinner you come for my plate, I put one if your face
We gotta eat, you nothing but prey
We'll say a prayer before we say grace
And then commence, if it don't make cash then it don't make sense
Cause we can't pay rent with no one's opinion so in that sense
I never value your 2 cents
Standing ovation, ladies and gents
These young niggas come fresh out the 'jects
Where your worst enemy's wearing a vest and claiming they're there to serve and protect
And your best friend is your connect
You never depend on anything else
At least til it's time to go stare at the judge and he got a sentence too long for a text
Heck, Darn. Please leave that bullshit you speak at the barn cause I ain't buying
I'm only 5'8, that's fine. Nigga, I can give a heart transplant to a giant, I ain't lying. GODSPEED!