[Intro]
This is the payback
I know you bitch niggas from way back
Dodge Music, I ain't got a Maybach

It'd been cool to hear Curren$y on here talking shit about them Chevys but he don't ever send my songs back. I'm just glad to see a nigga doing better, you know what I'm sayin', better situation than when we was labelmates. Shout out to him. Lito...

[Verse 1]
Potential problems with pencil robbers
Normally I let my young nigga with extendeds solve 'em
Niggas wanna take my career, put it in a coffin
Meanwhile, I'm stressing - homie couldn't get that sentence off him
My gun legal, my tint legal, but have you seen my broad?
Not sure if she legal or not - you got a green card?
She ain't white but she ain't dark
And she let her sex drive drive when we in park
Say I don't smile enough - I need to quit stressing
I tell her break them tricks, teach my younger bitch the lesson
She thinks she a dime, but she just a seven
When I'm home don't know if I'll wake up in the Ville or heaven
E'ryday above ground feel like a real blessing
I remember I had 1 O and a 45 quarter 'til 11
Now I got a auto I don't even drive, hop in and rev it
Driving 'round my subdivision, maybe smoke a blunt
Then park that bitch right in the front, might not drive it for a month
And it's all mine (Lito!) I ain't gotta stunt
It's paid for, that's what they made it for, I only buy it once
Finance, I ain't interested - I'm pink slippin'
Put that in my bitch name, and she ain't trippin'
Waitress and a stripper, she say leave if ya ain't tippin'
IRS say she spent all her money on cars, then you see me in a
6.1 liter, auto transmission
Interior sand tan a-a-and I live it
V-8, no less than seven grams in it
Herbal, herbal, red ports, loud as a twin cam engine
On a heart, not hardly, but Davidson County plates
Smokin' like a Marley, lately I been out of state
I would win but I'm too high to race
Rims make it look outer space
Free Red Dot, and I'll red dot ya face (Bow!)
I got a Magnum with a magnum in it, yea free Tip
Challenger that'll leave the shit out of your V-6
Just snatched the new Charger too, that's just the Boosie in me
Already had the old one, S-R-T - stupid engine
Picture all 4 Dodges parked at Dodge's Chicken
How the fuck you gon' rob me? The black one got the robbers in it
The one with the stripes got a chopper in it
The other 2 all white, but Lito bought it, Gotti didn't
I like Dodges cause I be dodgin' my bitches
I put it on my hemi, my license just got suspended (Say what?)
I like Dodges cause I be dodgin' my bitches
I put it on my hemi, my license just got suspended
Fuck it, Dodge Music