[Intro-Starlito]
Yeah
Don't forget the bag, don't forget the bag
You know I'm getting cash, I won't forget the brag Hah, lead off (Lito)
[Verse 1-Starlito]
Been to Honda for rices. F n H, no license. (Bahh)
Forty dollars for a box of bullets, life's cheap and priceless
And we're like this, we grind all day (all day) and workin the night shift
When the sentence they offer them end of them life and forgot not to mention the wife shit. (shit)
Indictments is really frightening (damn, aghh), there's niggas fighting for they freedom every day about speculation and hearsay
Got sick of making excuses, (Yeah) make reservations and get away. (get away)
Like Mobb Deep, (Lito) it's just me, too heat, solo creep
They taking photos cause there's no doughs on they photo
Gee, oh no, I swear I don't remember that bitch even though your hoe know me. (aghh)
Lito break a bell up in a bathtub, need a sold to sneeze
All I need is one brick, I'm so low key

[Chorus-Red Dot]
Don't forget the bag when you niggas gon be shopping
Don't forget the, don't forget the duffle bag and broccoli
All I need is one brick, so get with the shopping
All I need is one brick, sell that bitch for dirt cheep. [x2]

[Verse 2- Yo Gotti]
Niggas act tough on the internet. (Internet) Gangsta niggas dropping on Craigslist
Niggas do it all for a download
Me I'm just trying to do the fair list
Niggas sell they soul for a worldstar beat. I'm in Miami with a base with a bitch so bad that you see on TV, but still got a plug with a bird's eye view. Got a hundred handles, that's priceless
I don't chrome with niggas, that's shysty
Two, two Cuban links, that's pricey
All I get is chicks like Nike. I can get the word for the dirt cheap. Riding down Jefferson four deep
Four f n's in a stash fright. Only Grey Goose nigga, you don't know me. Or you might do, or you might be, sale swiped up, shit I might be. I don't really know
I made ten million dollars off a dope floor, from a drug hit
Own my whole to a paraidge watch. Work my whole life for a Rolex watch
Bra-brand new Phantom and the top gon drop
Just a lot of money but them home go back

[Chorus-Red Dot]
Don't forget the bag when you niggas gon be shopping
Don't forget the, don't forget the duffle bag and broccoli
All I need is one brick, so get with the shopping
All I need is one brick, sell that bitch for dirt cheep. [x2]