Verse 1 - Starlito
Broke bitches dream about me i wouldn't even doubt it
Leave the house with three four thousand we just got some cheaper pounds in
Migo round he not leavin' town until we go down 'em
Pass the plug off to my patna lito get it legal now
She say she bet i got a bunch of bitches i won't beef about em
Guns and lump sums i gotta keep em round me
Meeting with accountants, leaning, drowsy
Might pull up in that Porsche, last seen out east in an audi
Cloudy, with sum light bright with a fat ass and her lips pouty
Hate when she suck me in traffic.. cause i be mis-counting
Apartments was based on income we got rich out
When i started hustling, three bricks was going for fifty thousand..
I just did six shows in three weeks for like fifty thousand..
Underground? don't forget to crown me
I'm in my zone now you can't get me out it
I guess thats why all my bitches smiling
I guess thats why my bitch is smiling
I could make a bitch dreams come truuuue
Make a bitch dreams come true..

Verse 2 - landlord
I make a bitch, dreams come true. long as she gimme mine
Make a nigga nightmare come true, if he don't gimme mine
My eyes closed but i see the signs in between the lines..
I'm selling DREAMS for them CHRISTINA MILLIANS look!
A rich bitch call, 4 minutes, i'm at her front do'
A broke bitch call i do a no-call, no-show
If youn' wanna die over some promo its a no go
And it won't cost me nun cause they in loveee with the co-co!
I admit, i gave away some dreams i shoulda sold though
Everybody shooters but goaltending they goals though
Now you up in prison yo' time moving in slo-mo
Some niggas touch down and they don't make it to the goal post
Like Martin Luther i had a dream, i had a dream
But the saddest thing, ain't too much i haven't seen
My daddy mean but thats the reason i know what daddy mean..
I used to break hearts 'til that shit happened to me, gone..

Verse 3 - starlito
I could make a bitch dreams come true, i'm just vibing, smoking, leaning with the crew
Stack that dirty money and clean it up too!
Youn fuck with me? weon fuck with you!
I hate to shit on your dreams but she don't love you..
If i text her right now then she gone come through..
I got her in my phone saved as "sum new"
Nah don't get it confused we don't kick it, this isnt kung fu
I just dick her down, kick her out..
LITO! i'm busy getting rich right now
Just checked my camera left a digi on the kitchen counter
If we hit the mall we ball ween got no business browsing
It getting it you can't do shit about it i guess thats why all my bitches smiling..