I don't expect you to understand me cause they day I do will be the day I'm gone, and you won't play this song
Ridin round gettin dumb high, counting money the whole time. Thinkin bout how time flies
Seem like yesterday was the lunch line. Last night was a homicide. Trippin off how time flies
Greedy niggas don't last, the humble niggas don't win
I'm somewhere stuck in between, somethin to roll somethin to spin. Twist me a blunt and jump in, I'm slumped in this fuckin Benz
Youngin just tryin to run it up, thuggin for all my ends. In and out of the spot, it probably need a new hinge. Just bought me another Glock, but I don't need new friends
Mix my lean with Ciroc, peach Nehi, I need to stop
It keep my stomach in knots, bars got me dreamin a lot
Thought once I got some guap, maybe the scheme will stop
Move onto bigger plays, never stopped gettin paid. Now I get it like a hundred some different ways
Where you at, what you got? Man I'm on my way. (x3)
I've just been ridin round gettin dumb high, countin money the whole time. Trippin off how time flies. (x4)

Jumped in the coupe, closed my eyes and opened em up. Rolled a blunt, poured a cup, then I look up in the rearview. Fired up the weed, then cocked the strap, hundred forty in my lap
Shakin my head like, "What have I got myself into?" Fuck your opinion, keep it to yourself, nigga you don't know what I been through
Went trap mad all I think about is money, I got dope boy issues
Out here sellin p's, my nephew want the new J's
Let you hold ,what nigga, I let you hold this fuckin cake. Nobody never gave a shit my nigga, I put that on my life
Got no other choice but to trap it out day and night. Crazy shit, grandma past
Soon as I get my money right, nigga play, I promise Ima try to kill his ass twice
Real story, no lie, cross my heart, hope to die, I've been out here chasin money, half of my fuckin life
Can't get your bitch snappin a finger cause she know I grind hard
Smoke one with her, blow her mind, and then hit her from behind

I've just been ridin round gettin dumb high, countin money the whole time. Trippin off how time flies. (x4)

A whole lot of shit on my mind so I've been without a mind
Say I don't give her no time, no, I've just been on my grind. I'm just out here livin my rounds, we just out here stuck in this game
Keep sayin Ima change, police so hot round my way I'm prayin for rain
Swerve up on one you niggas, I suggest you stay in your lane
Flashbacks like a war vet to the day I went insane
Claustrophobic in the camaro, paranoid off that hydro
Lito fly solo leave me alone like little Darryl or Kendrick
Sometimes I need to keep my distance from you vibe killers
My rims set off my tire sensors, yea my ride ill
And its just me myself and I since the eyes they never lie
You look at mine they on the prize they low I'm high

Aye this the part of the song where I need you figure out if you know where your lighter is - cause I dont
I've just been riding around gettin dumb high, countin money the whole time, trippin off how time flies (x8)