[Starlito on the phone with Red Dot]
Star:"We live bruh?"
Red Dot: "Nah you live bruh, mother Fucker, We live, you already know what It do"
"Its Cold Turkey "
"Its Cold Turkey, Aye"
"You live I keep telling you that"
"Aww, I am, aye what's the song right there?"
"What? that one I was just playing?"
"Yeah, what song that on"
"That was one, I was fixin, I was punchin something in on one of the Stepbrother's song. It was literally one word bothering me. I said I guess and I changed it to maybe."
"You got it right."
"I'm just doing my job like Tip, still ain't forgave myself
It wasn't fo this music, swear I couldn't face myself
Maybe a track with Scarface, and baby face will help." "You know the next lines, and couple of lines I just said a lot of things with a long a sound. And maybe shit got one in it, or 2. I wanted to change it for like 3 days, just be in here too Lit and forget, so I did it first today"
Well you got that motherfucker today then
Yeah then you called, so ya live
Man motherfucker what up goddamn it, Ya ain't heard from Dot, I'm back mf we here. TBG, aye Star the mixtape, they ain't gonna be ready for that shit man. On some whole other shit, stepbrothers 2, that's gon be some whole other shit
"They Albums, they albums now"
"You do know that, every motherfucker thing is an album, really
Motherfucker it is what it is motherfucker. We gon crank it all the way to the max. You know just chop me up, chop it up make me sound right man. Stick me anywhere on there motherfucker. The whole goddamn album slappin, ya feel me. Free me, free Bum B, free ?, free ? mf we in here. The crew be home soon man, they can hold the crew down forever ya feel me
"Yeah, I feel ya"
"Yeah, goddamn it, and ima have something soon, Red Dot coming soon."
"Don't tell em nothing, haha"
"Straight like that, crank it all the way up, know what I mean?"
"Aye these niggas sour to man, I need to get up out the booth, ill be up there Sunday."
"You already know how that is, these niggas sour ball, you know the sour part they put in his mouth, how them niggas is out there. Straight pussy, coward out there, ya heard me?"
"I heard ya"
"Yeah, I know ya heard me, Ain't shit slick mf, yeah get me in there, you know what it do"
"I ain't gon touch it, this gon be at the end of the song, or might put it o a track, be 99 cent, or a 1.09 cent something. You know we cut it up , you know how we do. I ain't touching these vocals man, this real life. My phone rang, I just finished a punch in, so shit mic still hot, cut it on. But it'll get on the album one way or another."
"One way or another, You know two things are for certain, I ain't gon be gone long, and we gon have this shit smash, goddamn it. I'm the other half, I'm the other stepbrother. There is 3 stepbrothers."
"Already know"
"Motherfucker, we gon crank It up, you already know. I'm finna throw down nigga, with the raps nigga. ima throw down, what you mean."
"What you eat today? What you ehip up?"
"Man I just whipped up some god damn, you know some pickle peppered summer dog, with the beef stew, and cheese, ya feel me."
"Man what the fuck you got going on, man?"
"I'm on the blue box, now I'm on the blue box, and these niggas god dman it keep tryna talk to a nigga."
"Yeah, I hear ya. You sound like you got something else going on motherfucker."
"Yeah, that nigga talking about sellin a wrap, hell nah talkin about ill give you three dollas for some wraps, ya feel me."
"I heard em, I heard it all that's why I'm laughing."
"Yeah, that shit don't stop slim, nigga I'm sellin  wrpas in the pin nigga."
"Ahh man, this nigga here, you fucked up"
"Yeah, I'm throwd all the way off, yeah that red don't one shot god damn it. I'm all the way retarded, this uh sober me, I'm all the way sober."
"Cold Turkey"
"Cold Turkey God damn it, Yeah man we gon whip up something for yall. Star go something for yall though. Get on this here man, you know what I'm saying. Stay tuned, this shit ain't going no where though. know what I'm saying. Y all think the gang was over with, everyone was doing the thing. We gon get this shit together, and whip this shit up. God damn it just some mild lil shit for me, ill be home real quick. Parole go about five, six, seven months, know what I'm saying. Ill be home soon, ya feel me."