[INTRO]
I done made myself dizzy.... sayin a lot of words...

Let me do it over for ya

I'd like to invite y'all to light up some a dat light light
Red dot collar that getcha

[VERSE 1 : Starlito]
Night time, I got 'locs on; I'm medusa stoned. (I'm medusa stoned)
Got a red car, it got red seats and the cup holders keep the juices cold
Tripping off some niggas that I used to know
Fuck em, hm. Love em like a brother I'd shoot him though
I ain't proud of that. Prior to the rap, it was powder packs
Got an 8 ball from locs in the drag;
Charge me 150; 40 dollars profit, 10 for the ride
Then I opened my eyes
So damn iced buddy, so many rides
So much time get life off weight, it ain't quite alright
But we numb to it all day half awake shot dice all night
Trying my best to write what's right
Knowing I wasn't in my right mind
We don't like crime, but this is life, alright?
(We just out here)
This for the young nigga that's frustrated
Keep ya head up. I'ma say it for ya, fuck the haters
Nigga, software? What you crazy?
Swerve up on em to update em
Death date em, then what?
You get locked up and that's fucked up
Just shine on em, shine on em
Success is revenge, that's what's up
Yeah, success is revenge, that's what's up
I got my bucks up, they know me in the banks but I ain't sign with a unit
Yayo and knowing the game got me buying all this new shit
Marathon and a hustle like Nipsey got me eyeing all this blue shit
Just a young nigga that's making more reservations than excuses
Nick Nolte-- how I blue chip
Cars and houses for my mom an them, I need a tractor for this green, recruit me!
Now the labels want exclusives, just pay me and my producers and let's do this!
When it's all said and done, life goes on (life goes on)
In errybody hood on four phones (Hello?)
A house, two spots, but got no home
Back to back smoked an ozone of the loudest pack
Sitting here staring at a lousy stack, tryna thousand that
I know I got it popping cause I'm shopping where you browsing at
So I'm sitting here staring at a lousy stack, tryna thousand that
And I know I'll get it popping we got them choppers where we lounging at (Play wit it)

[BREAK]
If you like it, I care.  If you don't, I don't
POST TRAUMATIC STRESS (Post traumatic stress)
Yeah, I know it seah, it sound like I don't give a fuck

[VERSE 2: Starlito]
Lazy flow, lazy bitch, lately that ho make me sick
Maybe we should get married cause she make me go the craziest
Made a hundred plus last year and the radio ain't play my shit
Gave away more hits than the labels made
And it ain't gonna make me rich
Ain't that a Bee? Word, bet, pay, check my last tape
I'm fucked up in the head that's why I rap this way
Had that pistol yesterday and I'm strapped today
Fucked around and got a license for it, so that's okay
Beat my felonies and spent my last on my case
Was living so fast, surprised I made it past 08
Some niggas got blasted, a couple cars crashed on the way
Road to riches, road to perdition
If they was sellin coke, I'd a sodaed them bitches. (Ha ha ha)
I hope that you're listening
No it ain't real ill, I'm just calling them niggas
All of em, not some of em. Fuck, I'm talking bout the sum of em
The sun up, I'm done, fuck it. (RAAAAH)

[OUTRO]
Bitch, who said I couldn't freestyle?
Gimme my money
Yeah, I'm leaving out now like that, I did it
Gimme my money
Somebody gonna pay me my motherfuckin two hundred dollars
Somebody gonna pay me my motherfuckin two hundred dollars