(feat. Petty)
Today feel like yesterday, nigga you don't even know how many no's I heard. If I can get a yes today. I mean still, it won't take all the stress away when the money like rats is runnin right out. I need to catch a plate. In the middle of respect and hate I got less to say. These niggas think I'm bluffin? These bitches say I'm selfish? I don't give a fuck about nothin, but me and I ain't gonna sell me. My respect is hustlas better. Like these niggas ain't gon help me. Plus snitches go wherever, where I be nigga ain't no tellin
Why roses pad like problems at my feet. Oh, I don't like when faces on them dollars laugh at me, no. Holler back you need some. If I wasn't rappin who would call me back or lead up. True, they say they love me, but probably that's the reason. Push me til I lose it. Oh look these bitches choosy. I see pussy niggas shootin over pussy niggas stupid. And so am I if I let em give my blessings. Just won't regress you, but one day is startin to feel like seven
This whole week feel like one long day, grind. Ain't no love around my way so niggas ain't got no problem or hate. I know far more people that's broke than rich. These hoes will have you unfocused man. I'm killin em with this real shit, send they folks my condolences. This whole week feel like one long day. Ain't no love around my way so niggas ain't got no problem or hate. All my pleasure I bought it with pain. And money bring you no restraint. And it breed jealousy, but what do I know, my eyes are low, they still on the prize though
And I'm still lookin for five-o. Detour on the pill, perfect hydro. You been out by yourself, no they don't owe you nothin. Get used to it but there ain't no rules when you thuggin. I don't remember what happened, we was cool then we wasn't. They fight and they hate cause I'm real. I'm confused cause I love it. Probably say it to these still ass bitches. Probably say it when you lookin at my picture. Gotta say your pussy nigga. I'm prayin for you pussy ass niggas. Maybe you still blamin it wanna fuck my car cause it goes zoom, zoom. Or, maybe that's what made her leave the club with me eat it up in the hallway to the room. Smokin big blunts, meet me on the moon. Got a car in the alley, yeah I'm high as a gnome. You can tell I'm gettin money, gotta show you anyway cause I won't want a nigga this song. Got a big dog prolly like a pig on the sea. Ain't shit, yeah, you a straight bitch. Friends all out of my space. Hurt my heart to find out you's a hater. Karma gon see you later. I promise you she don't play bra, I say you fake if you don't have faith. Eatin fake if you wakin up. I don't know what you take me for but you save her and I play that bitch like a paso or a Laker. Look I fish out, I break up, I pull up like I'm out
This whole week feel like one long day, grind. Ain't no love around my way so niggas ain't got no problem or hate. I know far more people that's broke than rich. These hoes will have you unfocused man. I'm killin em with this real shit, send they folks my condolences. This whole week feel like one long day. Ain't no love around my way so niggas ain't got no problem or hate. All my pleasure I bought it with pain. And money bring you no restraint. And it breed jealousy, but what do I know, my eyes are low, they still on the prize though