[Intro]
"You got the juice now, man."

[Verse 1: Starlito]
Ah! Yeah, yeah!..taxes, tithes, and attention
Lito! Payday! Nigga, money ain't shit

I heard the grass greener, the water bluer, the cars newer
Bent my rim on the sewer; yeah, I'm still in the gutter
Where niggas serve their mothers, might even kill their brothers
Yeah, we just murder each other, and feel no guilt from it
Pray for 'not guilty' verdicts
If not the appeal of it, niggas lost in the thrill of it, still thuggin'
We still got bills comin'; I'm ready to kill somethin'
Just popped a pill; that's how I feel, fuck it
I just want some money; I ain't got enough yet
I can't hear ya, what was that? Fuck that, cut the check
Had the whole crowd throwin' up L's, fuck a double X
Told my niggas we will not lose, like a sucker bet
You seen her in my car, no need to ask her if I fucked her yet
Get it poppin' like my ears, and yeah, I'm bout to board another jet
I love to flex; tryin' to get a Cutlass every color, yes
But if only stuntun' and frontin' with my money made me struggle less
Ah!

I got a..I got another text..you heard that?
Fish, Fish, you got somethin'?

[Verse 2: Fish]
'Don't give a fuck' attitude, with a business mind
Conscious that I, lost my soul, and I'm too young to die
Sippin' oil, they just want fish to fry
To heartless to help a bitch that cry
Done wrong to all these women I been in with; just wanna reconcile
Yeah, Southern Vision; I reckon I, can get myself recognized
Like, 'I don't wanna be no spy'; no such thing as a private eye
Ya'll watch big face or the mall; all a ya'll ain't talkin' 'bout shit
Ya'll waitin' on the next man to move they mouth, ventriloquist..

[Verse 3: Starlito]
Yeah, life is still a bitch; really it's in the Ville
Makin' a killin', that's cause I'm killin' shit
The hottest, but I'm just chillin'
It's Lito! coolin, coolin
My whole sound Petty; word to Billy and Fish
Got my young bitch in my old school, askin' if my ceiling exist
I'm still the shit, reel ya in quick
Like, like, come get this smidgen for six
Then rob that ass blind; once I get a million, I quit
They pay me a little, so really I'm rich
The haters, they snakes; reptilian shit
The rappers, they fake; I'm really legit
I'm takin' a break so Billy can spit
Blast off..

[Verse 4: Billy Blast]
Billy!
When am I gon' wake up and start livin' this?
Cause I always dreamed about it, even as a kid
Brainstormin' ways to bring in a million
Complete that mission, so I can start thinkin' about billions
When I drop shit, the answer for me gon' clear up
Cause I answer all of my questions, just from a look in the mirror
I just, want it to be joy whenever I tear up (I just wanna quick sippin' syrup)
Tryin' to change them tears of poor, to tears of joy
The funny part about it: a nigga work his ass off, and I'm still unemployed
I just want the payday; she just want the Almond Joy
But, shit, I want the salad, too; cause I'm a herbivore, now she's an omnivore
When I get a pool, I can rejoice; gonna hear me through the monitors
No homo; pause, but my nigga got my back, yeah, that's my spinal cord
You dumb whores are, only entertainment when I get bored
Cause it's just me and my young ninjas; livin' by the sword, die by the sword

[Verse 5: Starlito]
Yeah; play with it, you gon' see shells like you by the shore
My own boss, so I pay for it, and I decide when I record
Got them stacks, holla; otherwise, I ain't even gotta rap
Partner make a mil off my cricket phone; smokin' on that grass..

[Verse 6: Petty]
Look
Cash dollar, better flip that last dollar
When they say they run the globe, I got flavor for them hoes
And a flow, just like water doe
Came straight off the boat; spit that co-ca-ine
Everything I say, I know I mean
Kill 'em regardless; throw adrenaline parties
Everybody on Ten-i-see
In the penthouse suite blowin' sour, freak for an hour, reach for a towel
Put a wet floor sand down 'fore I fall in it
Life a bitch, and true life'll show
If you like to know, I like tall women
Type a bitch that play volley-ball back when she was in college
Small athlete and a scholar; wasn't all that 'til she was acknowledged
Now she's in love with attention more
Went from gettin', no attention, to the center-of-an-attention whore
Good for one thing, most bitches are
Rich or poor, I'mma always be me; I'm gon' always speak free
Fuck how ya'll A-C-T; I need it all, pay me, please
Don't get it twisted; flow so hard, need an ankle brace
On the road to get it, with everything but breaks
My pace won't change up, change up
Over the plate; hold up and wait (wait)
Swing straight; life's not what it seems like
I might stop for a green light, dependin' on how it shine
Because it's time, when it's lime
And we share a bitch; that's if we Corona'd
Stinkin' stronger than cheap cologne, and stayin' funky
That's right; our city love us, most people don't, but keep bumpin'
Had our peak, we won't leave no comment
Make shit sound like the Summer and the Winter
At night I pray one day I come up with my niggas and my woman if I'm with her!
Can I, live, life like stars do?
Swimmin' in the streets, they look quite like shark food
I'm gimmick-free; they say no limit P!
And we don't play, we win for keeps
Motherfucker, shut-up (shh)
Motherfucker, shut-up (be quiet)
You ain't sayin' shit, nigga, shut up (shut up, bitch)
And motherfucker, what up, what up?
(I'm 'bout that Gunplay)