I’m kinda fucked up, I can’t even lie. I was rollin’ up
Seem like the Grind got Harder, and you niggas was hardly grindin’..

[Verse 1]
I know you niggas ain’t cheering for me
Bitches don’t really love me
Picture me living luxury
This what you get from hustlin’
Two-fifty legit, from nothin
Hood rich, lil’ bitch, I’m thuggin
Start talking digits and watch how quickly they switch the subject
Bringing up the past tense. Nigga, where that cash went?
Running up that bag, and all my guns got attachments
I really been feeling like ‘FUCK EVERYBODY’, one deep in traffic
Use to wonder why they ain’t fuck wit’ me, now i’m done even asking
I forgive you fake ass niggas. It was fun while it lasted
And cutting these bitches off is becoming a habit
Easily disappointed, and somewhat unhappy
Right at the midpoint between humble and savage
All these funds that I’m stacking, dog it comes with distraction
I ain’t slept in a month of Sundays, insomnia addict
Boy these blessings barely outweigh all these problems I’m having
Know it’s a lesson in every loss, but this is a lot of subtraction
Without a doubt i’ll get it back. It’s just the law of attraction
Just how I was brought up, you get caught up, shit happens
Thoughts turn to actions, but y’all couldn’t imagine
All I keep thinking is ‘What if I wasn’t rapping?’
Damn

[Chorus]
You gon’ shake back
You’ve been through worse and survived
Probably wouldn’t be so bad, if we weren’t discouraged from crying
I hear the pain in your voice. I can see the hurt in your eyes
In these streets, ain’t nothing worse than pride

[Verse 2]
Ran it up, fucked it up. Ran it back up, fucked it up again
Swear my life a movie. They tried to do me like Above The Rim
Guess I learned the harder way, I can’t even fuck with them
Change my life, I’ll start today…
Look like I’m going through something. I got my heart on my sleeve
It ain’t even that cold. I’m in the car, with that heat
Another charge, I don’t need
I’m being targeted, I’m starting to believe
But on the other hand, I wonder what I can charge for this weed
Serving out a 1-bedroom apartment, with a Carbon 15
Having withdrawals from that lean. That shit be harder than it seems
I ain’t trying to eat with y’all, if you wasn’t starving with the team
Back when it was time to go to war, y’all wasn’t part of the regime
I’ve seen things that I can’t get over. Keep playing it over and over
It’s like a full time job, just staying focused
Fuck how they feel. ‘cause love and hate are really the same emotion
And when you keep it real with yourself, they can’t expose you

[Chorus]
You gon’ shake back
You’ve been through worse and survived
Probably wouldn’t be so bad, if we weren’t discouraged from crying
I hear the pain in your voice. I can see the hurt in your eyes
In these streets, ain’t nothing worse than pride