[Verse 1: M.A.B.]
Born with low iron
Lived in a home that owned no iron
We was all gettin rich or die tryin
I was tryna get rich or die rhymin
Look, I'm equipped with equipment that makes you vomit
Nigga's so high, might fly by a comet
Y'all might wonder why I spread like a virus
Maybe cuz I'm real and i got that fine timin
Maybe cuz the steal holder never got a license
And maybe he did, last year, get indicted
I'm just tryna tell ya, what would you do?
When your loans cost a house and your kids do to
When that trap shit real, so they will skip school
Write a will for a will but until that's cool
We gon blaze, hit the stage, grab a mic
Look I got a pint, grab it tight
No one flyer in this bitch!
Hell yea i got the tree, but where the lighter in this bitch?
Look, Youngin from the Continental, so the goal's a Continental
Drive please roll down my window
Tell ya I became a boss at nineteen
Allergic to you losers, swear I always kept some visine
I'm feeling paranoid bout whenever the nine squeeze
Cuz every time it squeeze I know it's coming from behind me

[Hook]
But y'all don't hear me though
But y'all don't hear me though
It's M.A.B. but y'all don't hear me though
I said it's M.A.B. but y'all don't hear me though
It's D.M.V., y'all don't hear me though
D.C. to Chiraq, y'all don't hear me though
Get me
Look

[Verse 2: M.A.B.]
Tryna clear my mind, tryna stay from round these demons
So when I'm ridin round, know i feel a creeper creepin
And I'm never sleepin cuz of what Nas taught me
And I'm still feel in rage till i see an autopsy
Until i see the body or a sea full of bodies
Is all that's left to see when i get to grip a shorty
Come to grips with death, by gripping a killer's neck
I may forget to feel regret, because you lost it with respect!
(Cuz you lost it with respect, nigga!)
And it's the truth my nigga!
(Yea!)
M.A.B. comin live from the booth, my nigga!
I rebuke you niggas tryna shoot my niggas!
Look into my eyes, that ain't you, my nigga!
And let me find out who did it!
Might take a detour on this road to the millions
And do a drive-by to that nigga, word is bond!
But I won't be the killa, no nigga, I'm a don!
Like Joe Montana, best believe i got an arm
Like Tony Montana, till the end I'm puttin on!
And this world's mine, all mine, fuck ours!
All i fuck is dimes, not nines, that's power!
Yea, let me tell you, you's a pussy at it's finest
Started with a hunna, now a nigga buy diamonds
Started with the iron, now this boy steady rhymin
Came up from the hole, now he still steady climbin!