[Intro] Black Sheep Don't Grin. They sin... and then again... never mind... Aye cut the deep frost on

[Verse 1]
Had to take a bow, can't lie, I made myself proud
At first they were non-believers now they wanna know how? Wow!
I'm the exception to the rule, no acceptance of the rules
I'm fly and my jet fuel is you expecting me to lose (Cool)
Used to peruse, now I choose, no more window shopping
Can do anything except for lose, Ain't nothing fitna stop me
My top three: Me, myself and I, That's my competition
That's cause I'm on a mission...look
Set you some goals, just never fold, you never know
Give you a million dollars' worth of game for a dollar twenty-nine cent
You can't fail until you quit (You can't fail until you quit)
You can't fail until you quit ...

[Verse 2]
This for my niggas busting scripts with dreams of going legit
But the felonies restrict the kind of jobs you can get
It ain't shit, stack some paper, go in business for yourself
I admit, for myself, I a'int envision all this... well
Well money don't mean shit, I'm miserable as hell
And this bitch in my hotel keep taking pictures of herself
Photogenic- I'm not, optimistic - I'm trying that
I like my music slow, niggas be dying fast
Sitting there wide awake, me and my thoughts
By the time I got away, my people got caught
I'm talking high speed chase, picture me with that yawk
Plus I got an open case, I don't need that at all
Jumping fences trying to dodge a sentence
Cause I just shot this nigga over nothing, Conscience fucking with me
Thank God, only God was my witness
All I know is somebody shot my nigga, and I'm gonna ride about this one
Next thing you know, Mama house got shot up, Shit I might as well did it (Guilty!)
Walkin off in the P.O. office piss filthy
Still off a pill, life don't even feel real when niggas out to kill me
Ain't in my feelings, just realizing pride was my achilles
And all that shit was silly, really
Hindsight is 20/20, reconciled is 50/50
Gotta split the difference...

Either that or just leave the past where it's at, you know just keep moving forward
You can't fail until you quit (You can't fail until you quit)
You can't fail until you quit (You can't fail until you quit)
You can't fail until you quit (You can't fail until you quit)
You can't fail until you quit ...