[Intro]
I'm tired of playing with these motherfuckers...
NO! I lay me down to sleep
I got a feeling I'm allergic to bullshit
Already got some medication for dumb shit

[Verse 1]
You better leave me alone bitch cuz I
I feel like fucking you up
Feel like fucking you up
But I got too much GAME
To blow out ya brains in front of yo Momma and get struck out
GAME
Feeling all revenge and no remorse and no sorrow
Bitch you got an ass whooping coming so bad
I'm a beat your motherfuckin' ass
Bitch cuz your wrong for that (you)
Make me wanna pull a bone out ya back (Yes you)
Call us the "pest control"
(Dead bitch walkin)
Ya whole chest is gone
(Dead bitch walking)
Bitch get a gun, put it to your head and blow your motherfucking brains out
Better yet, go up to the nearest bridge you see and jump off that motherfucker
Jump in the middle of the freeway and run into a truck or something
Cuz you won't pimp me!
I don't give a fuck
I'll cuss yo ass out

[Chorus 1]
I get the feeling I'm allergic to fake bitches
Already got some medication for square bitches
I still keep my sucker repellent with me by my GAME
At the stroke of twelve I'm turning her back into a pumpkin
GAME
Put a hanger on your back until you can't function

[Bridge]
We are here to fuck you, straight fuck you up SING
We are here to fuck you up

[Verse 2]
Now you want to see me in the county
Yes you don't want no happy people around me
Because I'm fine I can fuck baby and I can fight
Thanks for nothing bitch my formula is extraordinarily tight
GAME (game)
Bitch you understand that I'm the black Jack Tripper
GAME (game)
Suga Free the pimp Pomona style still a bitch killer
Bitch I'll call John Walsh on America's most wanted and tell him you a kidnapper
Since you so tough bitch why don't you jog some of that fat off your motherfucking ass

[Chorus 2]
I get the feeling I'm allergic to liars
Already got some medication for cut throats
You better give me 50 feet cuz I
I feel like fucking you up
Feel like fucking you up
Hee hee

[Verse 3]
Bitch I'm getting tired of yo ass (and I like it)
Make me want to put some fire to your ass (and I might bitch)
Hoe you got an ass whooping coming from hell
Cuz you done ran out of rope and you prepared to tell
Call us the pest control
What you hating for?
That's why I stabbed you in the throat with a Dayton spoke!
You got an ass whooping coming so loud
I'm a boot yo ass to the clouds
I just can't wait to put you in your place right
Like with motherfuckers when I stand behind the fucking mic
And how you jealous of your man bitch you want to beat me too?
And all the fly shit you often see a motherfucker do
You need your ass whooped
You notice you broke bitch?
Like, get yo money Why U Bullshittin'?
I want this

[Outtro Dissing a Hoe]
Filmo Slim said pussy gon' sell with cotton and corn won't right
So you'll never pimp me, bitch
I'll let you pimp me when they make dildos out of Dayton spokes
And the only reason I don't knock all the teeth out your mouth bitch is because I know your ass is finna go tell
Little punk ass bitch
Yeah, its written all over your face you a punk as bitch
Misery loves company
Little miserable ass... piece of blubber
Ain't happy for shit!
Is there anything int he world you happy about? Anything!?
Hell motherfucking no
So what you do, is go to a motherfucker who got his shit together and try to fuck they shit up
Bitch you cannot reach in my body and pull a bone out out of me okay
You cannot stop me from smiling
You cannot stop me from making this music
Okay?
I'm not gon' let you do that
God ain't gon' let you do that okay?
Why don't you get a job at target or something?
You know what I'm saying?
Get something you can be proud of
Get a paper route bitch for all I give a fuck, piece of shit!
Fuck you
And yo Momma too
What! Cadillacs and gon run no more cuz you gone bitch?
I can't spit dope shit because you gone bitch?
Fucking idiot!
What you stand for? What you standing on? Nothing
What you got? Nothing
What your Momma got? Nothing
What your family got? Nothing
Cuz you ain't nothing, and you ain't never be nothing! Piece of shit, life don't stop cuz you gone bitch
You like a cigarette butt to you bitch, I smoke you and throw yo ass away when I'm done with you!