Damn Suga Free

[Verse 1]
Suga Free, don't hit him! (2x)
Now I, ca-can't w-wait to-to ge-get my-my mon-ney-ey ba-baby! Okay!
I'm a certified, supa-fly, hair-down, maniac, lunatic, and tell-a-lie, Cali, I pop a "green thumb", rap star, purple kush, crystal meth, oxytocin, cocaine and black tar
Smooth talk a lot, good cook, good job, sexy ass G.Q., gotta blast, down for squire, break a nail, grow it back, drive a pretty cadillac, grab the mic and bust a rap, and count the money, happy with the heat in my lap!
I fuck a nigga up with a ball-point pen
I keep my women happy, fuck them every now and again
Ahhh Haaa Ooohweee
I'm standing on the world, the largest Capital "P"!
Ha ha haaa on my car
Can't wait to fuck you like a wild-animal in the dark
They said I couldn't do it, but I did it like "What!?"
Run up, so what's up? Nigga you know about us
Don't ever tell him what to do or call yourself checking me!
You know I work for the 'killer whale' you just checking out the sea
You'd better check the oil in your car, remember who you're talking to
Don't let these finger nails fool you, i'll break them all taking off on you

[Hook 1]
Damn, Baby!
Do you know who I am? I goes crazy
Will you allow me to introduce myself to you
Man... Lady!
What's your name, where do you live?
And ooohweee
Can I offer you a stick of Wrigley's Spirament gum?
And, damn baby!
Spend the night with me!
And baby ooohweee we don't have to take our clothes off to have fun!
Damn, Baby!

[Verse 2]
What's up Quik?
Hey baby, I bet you, I could put you to sleep
She said "How?"
I said, "Take one more motherfucking thing from me and step your ass in the street!"
I got bombs strapped! bap bap, beep beep

(arguing with his hoe in the background)

Hey, wait a minute, where you going? Slow down!
Look, I didn't mean to scare you, I apologies
Here bitch, sit down
I'm just telling you my pedigree
I keep it 100, I watch myself because I'm talented and niggas want it
I knock a bitch through a brick wall
I tell them "come back n' Suga Free the pimp Pomona style, keep it crackin!"
I’m trying to tell you something that your Momma forgot, and take it with you bitch until your calves get dropped
You a stand-up-hoe or a fall-down-bitch
Remember, “bitches fuck for free but prostitutes get rich”
And if you get catch a trick slipping, better take that
Thats just some extras that your ass don’t gotta make back
Just look at all them niggas that you’re fucking for nothing;
For some food, for a blunt? You little square ass punk
Keep up the free fucking!
Oh, you’re an opportunist? Try that shit with me, and your ass will be in a trauma unit

[Hook 2]
Damn, Baby!
Do you know who I am? I goes crazy
Will you allow me to introduce myself to you
Man... Lady!
What's your name, where do you live?
And ooohweee
Can I offer you a stick of Wrigley's Spirament gum?
And, damn baby!
Spend the night with me!
And baby ooohweee we don't have to take our clothes off to have fun!
Damn, Baby!

[Verse 3]
Now baby, pussy don’t run this, dick do
I think somewhere along the line somebody tricked you
But you gon’ grow up and try to fuck off with a wrong nigga
And think you wrong when he be in you its the church of liver
Bitch killer, ain’t no love bitch!
It takes a certain kind of woman to be fucking with this
Chances are, she had a hard life growing up
Momma somewhere drunk, bending over, throwing up
She probably got molested by somebody in her family or something
And told her that she better never tell nobody or nothing!
She held it and let it happen, probably crying to sleep
Cuz I got plenty of them on my shoulder crying on me
I learned that women don’t forget some shit like that
You wonder why she prostituting and she cool with the fact?
A lot of these hoes got kids to feed, and nobody helping them out
And they gon’ get what they need
And wouldn’t give a fuck less what you say about her
Just don’t touch her or her money, ain't no play about her
Cuz she been in cars and hotels, some crazy tricks
Plus she know her job is dangerous, she’s a crazy bitch!
And one thing about a hoe, she knows what up on the street
And I don’t know about you, but thats the woman for me
For real!

[Hook 3]
Damn, Baby! (Yep)
Do you know who I am? (Baaa daa) I goes crazy
Will you allow me to introduce myself to you
God damn! Lady!
What's your name, where do you live?
And ooohweee
Can I offer you a stick of Wrigley's Spirament gum? (Damn!)
And, damn baby! (yep, shit)
Spend the night with me! (baa daa)
And baby ooohweee (Gleek badapap shabada haaa)
We don't have to take our clothes off to have fun!
Damn, Baby!

[Outtro]
Suga Suga, Can’t do nothing with no square man, period! You know… my stomach start hurting when I’m around square bitches. You know what I mean? I will pimp till’ I die. My name is Suga free Man, I am from the West Side of Pomona man. Yeah man, I we got my nigga Chris right there behind the boards, we got Finguz up in here, its going down man. You know? And uh, if it’s good to you, it must be good for you, and do what the Mob say do. Bitch!

Baby! Haaa