[Intro]
You see him over there?! You see him over there?!
(Man! Where the drank at?)
(Ohhhh!)
(Ay!)
Alright, we gotta clear the table. Clear the table of the dranks and shit, homies
Ah, we finna do this shit right here, this is called "Do It Like I'm Used To It"
(Off the table)
My name is Royal Roc, you know what I'm sayin'?
This is my homeboy Clue Dawg
This is Chronic Four!
(Of course)
We from Pomona, and we finna drop this whole dub shit like this right here, this is called "Do It Like I'm Used To It", beeyotch!
(Beeyotch)
And, uh, it's only's queen-sackin' just take out the steez out, and—and—and we up in here
Check it out
(Don't you knew nigga?)

[Pound table with:
2 fists
1 coin
1 pen

Have homie go "Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo-doo"]

Daaaawg...

("Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo-doo")

Gotta do it like I'm used to it, bitch!

(Bitch!)

Daaaawg...

("Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo-doo")

Gotta do it like I'm used to it, bitch!

Let the music bogart through the channels in your brain, as your eardrums tweak
This boogie fortified, swing!
A mellow ghetto breeze brings a nigga to his feet
Sunshine, blue skies, chronic and hoes on the street
I tiptoe to the bathroom and I brush my teeth
Looked in the mirror—seen a G then he merged up the duck to a pancake foe so I can go
Lock a hoe, like a pro diddly-doe
And I tiptoe and tap that like I stole, I buy some drank and Zig-Zags for this thing, the very same guy, knows his bill off the chain
Gettin' drunk, tellin' lies, it's the same old thang
Now I'm rollin' down, holdin' the lane while the [??????] with reefer
See my homie, little man, don't know why, crazy G, lil' Shamu from cen[tral]-town
New G and OG clown, yeah, as I [?] face-to-face to a place that takes the place of going place to place, got rhythm like "Yay", 'cause that will never a place like home. I hope some dough, I boast a goat with a ho don't row
With fingertips like Macassar, I gently hit the switch, I quick and spittin' finger-lickin' chicken taco
Observin' these here as predictin' who I win, knew I've been, knew how sin, to the strobe I click a end, we slip, tiptoe and slide to the parking lot below my Gs, led by Lee, that 'chyo eatin' stchih-chahh, and lots o' street, there's a blocked gate, no drama, two babysittin' who's strong on my my corner?
Bitch, took my baby's mama!
From Maine to Spain, your ass get to Alaska, bitch!
You better ask somebody who [?]
Bitch they call me Suga Free, I thought you knew it, I just do it like I'm USED TO IT
(Biiii...)
Gotta do it like I'm used to it, BITCH!
Check it aaaouwt, DOOUUUWWG