DJ Quik:

Hold up, hold up, hold up
Bitch, Ive been begging you for the pussy since the last 2 songs... Nah, fuck this

SONG STARTS

Hook:
Do you really wanna give me the Na NA Na NA

DJ Quik: Suga Free help me check this bitch mane
Where you from pimp?
Suga Free: Pomo-NANA
DJ Quik: Where you got em pimp?
Suga Free: On the CorNANA (Corner)
DJ Quik: Hell yeah... Thats right nigga, that's right

Verse 1:
Now straight from the gate, it's like you Ms. Captain save a my kind, every time/
G string, lap dance, white wine, Bitch you... Nevermind
I spits the muthafuckin game up in here
Pull... Of course I like you baby, but in the back of my mind Im like Ughhh...
So frightening... PUT YOUR CLOTHES BACK ON, DEVIL BE GONE!!
Thunder and lightning
Bitch I need you like a duck need a boat to float
Like I need a hoe to be broke, like Shepard Lane need some ol half ass trick to go platinum for us Loc
Don't let me call no names
Yeah nigga you hard as a muthfucka on the mic, but use a buster/ Now ask Tony Lane
Yeah baby, you better tell that nigga use a hoe...
Cause when my second album come out, Im telling everybody that that you stay broke
So what you know bout real pimps sayin... No, fuck you
Freeze, Pump yo brakes, For the love of God and bitch Please!
Money is the only thing that I jock
I know you fine and yo pussy good, but BITCH I... knock...

Chorus
Do You Really Wanna give me the NANA NANA
Suga Free: uhh uhh uhh uhh
Do You Really Wanna give me the NANA NANA
On the CorNANA
Do You Really Wanna give me the NANA NANA
Im Livin in PomoNANA


Verse 2:
I am tweaking...
Uhnn uhh baby I don't want no head
You conceded, yo breath stank, you're broke and plus you're leaking
And fuck what you think
You do lie, you hate to fly, yo pussy is dry and yo pussy DO stank
Now, I'm the type of muthafucka that ell get in yo case
It's like a want in one hand and shit in the other and see which one fills up first, Im spittIn in you face!
Now Im accepting all dat. Now give DJ Quik some
Bout it like a muthafucka, sticking to the script, It's more where that came from
Bitch you don't wanna tangle with me
Im violating parole in my bedroom when I crucify yo ass, bitch this SUGA FREE!
Ouch... bitch I got one of them apartments that if you don't get the dick you can go in my living room and fuck my couch!
And imma fuck you like you stole something
God said be careful what you ask for, now bitch look, you owe him something
You wanna tie me up and suck my dick, but I wanna fly you up and get rich... Check you when you wrong so we can stay strong you silly bitch!

HOOK
2X

VAMP:
I gotta Hoe outside
Suga Free, a pimp player from PomoNANA
I gotta hoe outside (repeated between talking)

Quik man, you been begging that bitch for the pussy on the last two songs...
I gotta take it upon myself and I'm not responsible for my actions when I say this shit
And Im not responsible for my actions when I say this shit
I gotta check this maggot mouth bitch
Cause niggas ain't trying to sleep, niggas ain't trying to creep, we don't want no head and we don't want no pussy to eat
It's goin down like that Shepard Lane, 98, in a real way...

VAMP OUT:
I gotta hoe outside....