Whatcha gon' do?
Do you wanna get down?
Whatcha gon' do? (Baby)
Do you wanna get down? (Tell Me)
Whatcha gon' do?
Do you wanna get down?
Whatcha gon' do?
Do you wanna get down?
Peep...this...trick

I'd rather give you my bitch (Pay Attention)
I'd rather give you my bitch
I'd rather give you my bitch then to let you breathe...
On my last bit of indo smoke
I'd rather give you my bitch... Tonight!

You wanna hit my joint but I'd rather let you fuck my bitch
Suck her tits and she'll suck yo dick
And since one man's trash is another man's treasure
You gets no part of my weed but you can have my bitch Heather, sheeit!
Like every other bitch I get
I'd rather give you my bitch, my whole bitch, and nothing but my bitch
'Cause anybody that can bleed for 5 days and don't die
Plus develop an attitude, go to sleep, wake up
And look at me dead in my eyes, ain't for me playa
Oh nah, maybe for you
Suga fired that sleepwalkin' bitch I thought you knew, fool, I'm true, said...
I gotta get mine, I wanna get mine, I need to get mine, I'm wasting my time
'Cause playas do what they want to, yeah, and suckers do what they can
You you, can't can't, get get, me me, bitch
I love being rich
I want ya but I don't need ya
Let your momma tell ya how ta make a nigga please ya
Not knowin that I'm 10 steps ahead of Lisa
And the bullshit she runnin' going against the grain (What? Sang!)

I'd rather give you my bitch, than to let you breathe...
On my last bit of indo smoke
I'd rather give you my bitch, then I'll let you breathe again, breathe again
I'd rather give you my bitch (Why?)
'Cause you a trick and you be thinkin with your dick and shit Bitch
I'd rather give you my bitch... Ta..Tonight!

Hi-ho Silver!
Bitch, if you look at me like that again, hoe, I'm subject to kill ya
'Cause love ain't nothin but 2 people feelin sorry for each other
Then hittin divorce court to pay child support to your baby's mother
Here comes the sheriff knockin at my front door
With a warrant for my arrest 'cause I refuse to pay a ho
Sheeit, ain't no pussy good enough for me to split have my shit
I wouldn't give a squirt of piss to save a broke bitch
Gimme this, gimme that, do you got, can I have
That's all I hear, bitch, I'll beat your ass
I better never hear a bitch say she broke
As long as she's got a pussy with some ass and a deep throat
And Ooooh-weeee
It ain't a bitch breathing today that can do me
She use to be a sweet taste in my mouth
But now I want to knock her motherfucking ass out
I ain't ready to fuck or stick my dick in your throat
Pay me and pay me no attention bitch 'cause I'mma keep ya broke
Fuck a girlfriend, bitch, you need a nasty ho
So she work that corner 'til she can't no mo'
Yeah, hey DJ Quik, peep this getback
I got a brand new backslap that'll park her like a Cadillac
Now be a man, nigga, check that bitch
And if you smell something stankin that's me 'cause I'm the shit

I'd rather give you my bitch, then to let you breathe...
On my last bit of indo smoke
I'd rather give you my bitch, then I'll let you breathe again, breathe again
I'd rather give you my bitch (Why?)
'Cause you a trick and you be thinkin with your dick and shit Bitch
I'd rather give you my bitch, Ta... Tonight!
I'd rather give you my bitch, Tonight!

And Loco 'Y', Little Groove, Little Gun, Maniac
Little 'C', Dillinger, and Termite, Charley Mack
'B' Dog, Gangster Greg, Little Greg, M&M
Mountain Flan, Don Juan, Crazy 'T', Little Sim
'D' Mack, Gangster Dirt, Al Boo, Ray Dog, 'G' Wood
And Baby Insane, peep this mayne
See I could be broke as a joke sayin'
'Ay, homie can I get some of that smoke
And could you sell me some of that drink, loc loc?'
But I bang, bang, chitty, chitty
Lips, hips, fingertips, ass and titties
Now, Ah Ha, schooled you
And that's how we do it in Pomona, fool
I left her...
Ol' monkey mouth tore up ass raggedy heifer
Bitch you lookin like somebody dug you up, and drugged you up, and stood you up, and fucked you up
Now, still the mind and the body must follow
Now she wide around her mouth wantin' dick to swallow
And right before I go
Please donate my brain to Captain Save A Hoe

I'd rather give you my bitch
I'd rather give you my bitch
I'd rather give you my bitch, than to let you breathe...
On the shorts of my indo smoke
I'd rather give you my bitch, then I'll let you breathe again, breathe again
I'd rather give you my bitch (Why?)
'Cause you a trick and you be thinkin with your dick and shit Bitch
I'd rather give you my bitch, Ta... Tonight!
I'd rather give you my bitch (Like a muhfucka)
I'd rather give you my bitch (Like a muhfucka)
I'd rather give you my bitch, then to let you breathe...
On my last bit of indo smoke
I'd rather give you my bitch, Ta... Tonight!
I'd rather give you my bitch (Pomona town)
I'd rather give you my bitch (Westside for life)
I'd rather give you my bitch
I'd rather give you my bitch
(Kingpin, DJ Quik, and Hi-C, and Black Tone for life)
I'd rather give you my bitch (Pomona town, in a real way)
I'd rather give you my bitch (Why you bullshittin'?)
(Like a muhfucka)