[Verse 1]
Hmmm
Baby, I'm So Textbook
Game set
Now watch me break a nigga off a proper train-wreck
How Textbook, yup the nigga got nerve
He loves his feathers, you can tell look at her
Peep the charm-school habitat, ping bing bapapap
Super scrap look at that
Do he know he doing that?
Hell yeah West Coast stuff
I serve a motherfucker till he a ghost uh
I check a mic that you dream of
Nigga do I need her?
I'm looking for ya momma and for my money have you seen her?
Black nigga so textbook
Oooh La la
I'm so sexy look
I'm a mastermind nigga I pimps the game
Don't get mad cuz don't nobody know your name
So have a seat somewhere nigga let the big boys play
Pimpin pimpin pimpin pimpin pimp pimp parade

[Chorus]
Psycho Pimpin Mac a bitch out
I wouldn't buy you a box of fruit loops
I'm So Textbook the way I rap
Fuckin with a pimp bitch you will get slapped
Psycho Pimpin Mac a bitch out
I wouldn't buy you a box of fruit loops
I'm So Textbook the way I smoke this weed
Fuck with me again bitch and you can uhm be cool

[Verse 2]
That hair with your lovely mouth and them juicy lips
I'm Suga Free a textbook pimp
Now go on and sit a Gucchi bitch
What love got do with pimps?
You think a nigga new to this?
Pimpin pimpin pimpin I'm Textbook yes bitch
Razzle dazzle do it till your satisfied
Better than marriage ain't it playa?
Happy pimpin, pimpin right
I pulled an ash tray up out my pocket blinded her with science
Not she selling that thing got a gang of clients
I'm so Textbook, the way I turn the mirror at myself
I'm so glad I ain't nobody else
But too bad for you baby since your wasting your life
That hoe talking, get your ass up don't make me say it twice
To the jail house table beat
Sucker can you do that?
I'm breaking niggas backs effortlessly ooh yeah
Keep your charms cool Mac attack
A pack a pack a pack
Ooh baby give me that, I'm looking for that kitty cat

[Chorus]
Psycho Pimpin Mac a bitch out
I wouldn't buy you a box of fruit loops
I'm So Textbook the way I rap
Fuckin with a pimp bitch you will get slapped
Psycho Pimpin Mac a bitch out
I wouldn't buy you a box of fruit loops
I'm So Textbook the way I smoke this weed
Fuck with me again bitch and you can uhm bleed

[Verse 3]
You wanna fall in love? Snuggle up
Baby look, I'll tell you up
Your achy breaky heart doesn't concern me none
I ain't the type to buy roses or that real expensive candy
Have a baby, stop my pimpin for a motherfucking family
I'll beat your ass, you a terrorist bitch!
In my face all day like I'm caring and shit
Oh you clowning?
Yo, now hold your breath baby and count to a thousand
(one.. two...)
Suga Free the tightest piece out here telling it ya'll
She talking shit like she working with some elephant balls
Hmm, now work your wealth
And take a breath go in the bathroom
Look in the mirror and hurt yourself
I'm a toke her like a blast
Thats why I let my dick slip out her pussy on purpose
And poked her in her ass
Now get your ass on the couch
The police coming bitch
And hurry up and wipe that DNA out your mouth
Bitch.. shit
Forensics laying all around this motherfucker
Pick all that shit up!
Crying and shit, want the neighbors to hear you and all that shit outside
Bitch, lower your motherfucking voice
Slam another thing in this motherfucker!
Bitch I barely touched you
Bitch...
Acting like I killed yo ass, beat yo ass like I beat yo momma
Talking about you tired bitch, for what!? You ain't done shit

(Bitch leave me loneeee I ain't playin with you)
Keep your eyes in this car bitch
(Quit fucking with me, I ain't playin with you)
Look over again, and you gon' get in the car with him
(Bitch leave me loneeee I ain't playin with you)
You think I'm playing with you don't you?
(Quit fucking with me, I ain't playin)

You forgot how hard I hit don't you?
Keep on fucking around, haa haa
I'm laughing but I'm serious
I love you baby, I know you love me too
I'm just fucking with ya'll
Suga Free the pimp
Fucking yall niggas up, getting it
Gazoo what's up man
(Man they thought they was ready for this man, you know they wasn't ready for this)
On the table nigga, nigga busting on the table!
(Man, coming from old school you know how we do it)
Fucking ya'll niggas up, digging in ya'll niggas chest nigga!
Fool!
Niggas can't see me nigga, fuck out of here with that bullshit nigga i'm the tightest P spitting on the motherfucking West Coast nigga
(west west baby)
Motherfucker, Smell my motherfucking Finger nigga this me
Sup Tone
(Get prepared man)
Sup Ken
Beating on that table on my ass
Lazy bone just left this motherfucker too
In a real way
Take that, you dirty rat
(you nasty bitch)
Keep it pimpin man
Suga Free
Nah, wait a minute, this shit harder than a motherfucker, they thought we left this motherfucker...