[Intro: Kutt Calhoun]
To all the women with the big booties, this is for you
Now make your way up on the dance floor, and do what you do
If you a stripper on the dance pole I fucks with you too
Cuz it does something deep down to me when I see them
With a booty like Kim Kardashian

[Verse 1: Kutt Calhoun]
It's no wonder why niggas smashin
To cash in that cheque, finna peel off hundreds, love it with a passion
You flashin in that dress, wanna see whats under. If I could imagine
Its a vaster heap of ass like unga-bunga put it on my lap and get
A massive size erection, tell me can you feel that? Is it really real?
Don't want it to end but you gotta make your rounds but a lot of booty in it, that's enough to go around
But I want you and you need money, I won't fight girl take it from me
Cuz by the end of the night I'll have you in the motel six room going dummy
So pop and drop it for me, and I'll pull out my door key
And lock us in cuz ain't nobody leaving til the morning

[Hook: Kutt Calhoun]x2
So go on flip it ova
Go on flip it ova
Go-go on flip it ova
Go on flip it ova
Flip it ova bitch, flip it ova bitch (flip it ova)
Give a nigga what he want and flip it ova bitch (go on flip it ova)
Flip it ova bitch, flip it ova bitch (flip it ova)
Give a nigga what he want and flip it ova bitch (go on flip it ova)

[Verse 2: Kutt Calhoun]
Got a big donk like Melyssa Ford
That can come in handy like extension cords
What's it gonna take of me to plug it? She's gonna need some extra length for sure
To reach that destination where that Georgia Beach is waitin
For my dick to commit with her midsection for a co-ed confrontation
And I smell it like a dog in heat but the bitch tryin to play it off smooth
Bent over in front of me gyratin and rumblin that bubbly all on my peter like it's cool
So I ease in intestine, put the hard dick across her booty let her feel it just leave an impression
Hard breathin and sweatin but she buckled at the knees for a second bout to teach the little beezy a lesson
On one-on-one encounters, my "jimmy" and your "jasmine"
With a thrust like this, you're bound to have plenty of orgasms
Then I took her to my house uh, she kindly set it out for me
Dying to see what K-U-T-T was all about

[Hook - Kutt Calhoun]x2

[Interlude - Kutt Calhoun]
Oh come on man, are you serious? Damn, look at that..
With a body like you Nicki Minaj

[Verse 3 - Kutt Calhoun]
I'm all on it, no contestant. Let me dele- your -catessen
Just pour Mel in her direction. I'mma show you what god loves
From the hair on your head to the pretty lips on your face
Down to the itty bitty waist where the kitty kitty waits on the real life pussy monster
To beat it like it ain't never been beaten or eaten before
Treated like it ain't ever been seated on penis before
Twist it and shake it and try to break it indecent ????
Yellin lord have mercy knowin she never met Jesus before
But I know her religion even know the church that she attends its
Missionary big butt church of redundant booties and you can bring some friends in
There's only one condition, if you wanna join don't be on bullshit
It's march on down that aisle with pride and bend over that pulpit.

[Hook - Kutt Calhoun]x2