[Intro]
I'mma need all my big money niggas to bounce up on this one here, mane!!
This big boy music!! Only on this it's a classic, and nothing less than a new baby, you feel me? Let's go!!

[Verse 1]
See me pulling up in something clean like (Hey!)
Top down, in something you never seen like (Hey!)
Di-di-diamonds on my neck, piece gleam like (Hey!)
Keep a pocket full of money, you can tell that I'm a (go getter)
Stunting on them pussies like (Hey!)
Red beamy, got them motherfuckers looking like (Hey!)
With the crispy new fade, got them hoes saying (Hey!)
You know them haters gon' hate, that's why I did up on (bitch niggas)
Try and run up on me like (Hey!)
I can guarantee that you will never make it home ( Hey!)
It'll loosen your toupee once the chopper go (Hey!)
Give your mama a sad day and have you carried out by (Six niggas!)
Kansas City through bred (Hey!), street nigga raised to never say a word to feds(Hey!)
Snitches smelling like police department cigarettes (Hey!)
Went on the first 48 now altogether say (grits snitchers!)

[Hook] x2
Hey! Hey! Hey! (x3)
If you don't give a fuck, going up!! (Hey! Hey! Hey! (x3)
Then keep it, Raw and Un-Kutt!! (Hey! Hey! Hey! (x3)

[Verse 2]
You know I'm bloody right? (Hey!)
That's why your bitch is on me (Hey!)
I'm getting money and you look bummy for instance homie (Hey!)
But I got Crip partners (Hey!)
That'll tighten your noodle (Hey!)
Love to ice in your streudel (Hey!)
Take you like white at a funeral (Hey!)
I ain't no rap nigga (Hey!)
Most of them niggas cops (Hey!)
Some of them niggas fake tough, rest of them niggas pop (Hey!)
Got people mad at me (Hey!)
Cause I'm calling 'em out (Hey!)
We can argue, shoot, fight and go box and throw rocks if you down (Hey!)
You got a temper,nigga? (Hey!)
Well I'm itching to test it (Hey!)
Check these teachers pets in a second and give 'em a lesson (Hey!)
On the core of the streets (Hey!)
Not to go into beef (Hey!)
With a knife or a gun fight if you know what I mean (Hey!)
And I'm the chief baby (Hey!)
Better google my news (Hey!)
I reside in the dunes, spread all around in Mizzou (Hey!)
You thinking I'm bluffing homie? (Hey!)
Come take a trip and get me (Hey!)
Don't be surprised when you find out I got the city with me (Hey!)

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
I'm from the most pre-dominant, highly recognizable, honored and number one independent my record label conglomerate is called (Strange Music)
Let me pick it and polish it up like I do my emblem and take it market it farther with
Urbanize flows like (Hey!)
Win them shows like (Hey!)
Got the East, West and down South throwing out (Hey!)
No stopping it (Hey!)
We popping it (Hey!)
In case you forgot I'm rocking with (Strange Music)
Two million dollar office consist of two different bosses, whom one of 'em is an artist is the other one is in charge of and plays a part in (Strange Music)
Using up every part to go tour and making a grind with no regards with those
Wanting what we getting like (Hey!)
We be shitting like (Hey!)
On competition, gonna need to get some center right (Hey!)
Niggas, get it right (Hey!)
It's dinnertime, you hungry enough to get it like (Strange Music)

[Hook]