[Verse 1: Kutt Calhoun]
I don't need no iron, I'm already creased
Right down the middle, like from where I be
More money than I make more problems for the chief
Got these niggas on my heels like some ?Loui Bs?
I barely get it, swear they smell it on me
Got niggas snitchin', damn you tellin' on me
That's why I keep an arsenal of weapons on me
So when them tellers come, I won't be by my lonely
Since the beginnin' it's been dedicated hustle
My loyalty ain't never been up for discussion
But niggas lie, and bitches scheme
That's why it's money over everything, yada'mean?
Obey the rules, or take a loss
When it's tricksters watchin', your ass is gettin' caught
That's why I never crinkle when it's time to walk
Cause I'm creased down the middle and I'm heavy starched

[Hook]
I don't need no iron, I'm already kreased
I'm already kreased, I-I-I'm already creased
I don't need no iron, I'm already creased
I don't need no money I got mouthpiece

[Verse 2]
I don't need no iron I'm already creased
I don't need no groupie for a side piece
"Gather your blessings, and you will live in peace"
That's what my nigga uncle 40 water said to me!
Bitches come at this slicker than these niggas do?
Slip you a mickey get you for his rituals
Breakin' up naked boxes and some tennis shoes
(RAW?) And what's worse, you don't remember the interlude
That's why I never trust 'em far as I can smell 'em
Let 'em know that I can show 'em better than I tell 'em
You bitches will never say that you rob Melvin
I said you bitches will NEVER say that you rob Melvin!
Sh-sh-sharper than fusion razors are my worst day
You talk it, I'm livin' more than what the verse say
To all of you bitches thinkin' you can hook, 'k
Pay close attention, to what the hook say:

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
I tour around the world without a major deal
These other niggas dream it, but I made it real
200 shows a year so many stages killed
Got the majors lookin' at me, wanna make a deal!
I'm the trendiest topic, got the industry watchin'
Wanna talk over lunch, must be talkin' 'bout dollars
I politic through the streets like my name was Obama
Campaignin' in the game and I'm aimin' to conquer
If life's a bitch, then death's a dyke
You can satisfy 'em both, if you love 'em right
Cause I be in the three-way every fuckin' night
Countin' up this money not believin' all the fuckin' hype!
So I don't need no iron I'm already creased
If I ain't got no money I got mouthpiece
The difference between you niggas comin' out, chief?
Cause when it boils down to business it's all about ME!

[Outro]
Yeah that's the one thing
Some niggas solid, some niggas soft, man
You can see through some of these niggas cause they transparent
You never know man
Try to tell motherfuckers right now
I stay heavy starched, heavy creased
Stay flow's my pattern man
Killer City Missouri
Kutt Calhoun, Black Gold