Yo, son, pass me the medicine, ah

Yes, Ini Kamoze alongside the Guru
Baby, I got red eyes
What? I got red eyes
I got red eyes, what?
I got red eyes

Gimme the medicine, I am no leprechaun
It's the healing of the nation
I used to understand, but now I over stand
I'm freaking herbs, man, yes, I am

My skills boom through the smoke filled room
Feeling the contact like the Mack, I then consume
All fools who blunder, so I take them underground
'Cos I got the crazy phat sounds I blend it with jazz
And mystify the masses, huh, we teach blunt rolling classes

My dialect reflects hip-hop at it's best
After I fat burn of cess and, yes, I guess
That you could call it habitual
(Why?)
'Cos everyday is a ritual

Hit from a Thai stick, not come from cocoa whip
My knee gonna never skip 'cos a man like me don't never slip
As we elevate, my ghetto mind state
Cooked like a dove plate but wait, but wait

Red eyes, what? I got red eyes
Huh, tell you what?
Red eyes, what? I got red eyes
Hey

Determined energetic, born to succeed
Independently minded
(Are you ambitious?)
Indeed, new breed and suckers can't compare
To the Master, the truth got you trapped in the square

You're restricted, while I'm unlimited, gifted
And I'm even iller when I'm lifted
Stimulated in the dome on the microphone
After a bone, Guru, why don't you take 'em home?

Yes, I bring heat, so feel the warmth from my free speech
Believe in Ja, the ganja helps me reach
My creative leaves of enlightenment and when I'm writing then
You know just who's on the mic again
Fools on the map, kid, you took a nap kid
Taking me out is an impossible task kid

I spark you up, lock you up, huh, now you gone
You should've paid attention way back when you were warned
You're too into business, I take gifts of my spliff
I change into what an expert will never quiz

The medicine, the medicine, the medicine
Lah will bring us back again
The medicine, the medicine, the medicine
Ja is coming back again

Now I'm coming up, so don't be running up
On my crew, big up, Guru pass the cup

Red eyes, what? I got red eyes

Pass the medicine, I am no leprechaun
It's the dealing of the nation
I used to understand, but now I over stand
I'm freaking herbs, man, yes, I am

Red eyes, I got red eyes
What? I got red eyes
Red, red, red, red eyes
What?