[Intro]
I dedicate this to my man 2Pac
Rest in peace boy
You know it's all love

[Verse 1]
Who holds jurisdiction over my twisted thoughts?
And am I to blame for what's happened off in this game?
I'm do or die about my scratch but I know
This dope game 4 me just ain't the way to go
But I'm still there grinin' and winnin' just like the next foldin' paper
Thinkin' of ways to load another caper
It's a cold twist to know that I can slang all night
And slang all day but never have the courage to pray
Believe I know better but somehow I feel I'm lost
At the crossroads but am I scared to move across
Could it be what I'm drinkin'? It got me thinkin' like I'm thinkin'
"Lord I need help but I can't help myself"
Awaken to the sound of sirens, niggas dyin'
Kids in the street wit no food to eat
Prostitutes gettin' money in they only profession
But Lord I only got one question

[Hook] (Bo Rock)
Do G's go to Heaven? Cause I don't wanna die
(I know it's wrong and I know what's right)
But if so I'd like to know do G's go to heaven? (3x)
(Will I get to heaven if I die tonight)

[Richie Rich]
And if I took a life or perhaps sold some dope
Would you discriminate upon my entry to the gate?
I need to know my fate 'cuz now my life ain't straight
But just look it the place where I live is oh so crooked
I didn't shoot that man but I watched him die
And saw the pain and the struggle in his eye and didn't cry
So when I start to hear the thunder
Are you takin' me under or is my sin just as bad as the gunner?

[Hook]

[Richie Rich]
[bridge]
For every time I walked by, and every time I got high
For every man I watched die
Lord I need to know do gs get to go?
For all the women that I ran through
And those that I did and didn't plan to
For every scam I ran my hands through
Lord I need to do gs get to go?

And if they get to go, when its time to meet my maker
Will he understand that I am only a man
Flesh and bone born to live and die in the zone
And gets loney trying to make it on ya own
And when my baby crys my intentions are to feed
And fufill tha needs of my one and only seed
And if I rob and steal let it read in my will
"Payback from tha ones that who fell victims to my guns"
On tha run but knowin I can't hide
Why do I feel tha way I feel inside?
Its like my soul is leavin me
Are you decieving me ? I hear voices, sayin believe in me
Is it you? I hear theres a man named god
That can fix it, when its twisted
I'm not sayin I'm all that bad but I can use a lil help
Cause at times I can't help myself

[Hook]
Do G's go to Heaven? Cause I don't wanna die
But if so I'd like to know do G's go to heaven? (6x)