I'm shootin' this one to the real pimps man
I'm talkin' 'bout the real muthafuckin' pimps man
Not them chili bowl pimps man sittin' up in the cafe
Tryin' to watch they hoes man make 20 or 30 dollars man
I'm sendin' this to the real pimps. Cause believe it man
Double 'R' ain't just out here flossin' no shit man I'm out here
Flossin' about my pimpin' too man. 'Bout my pimpin' too!
And if you want to holler
Pimps cuff yo' coller

Verse 1 [starts over last line]
24 nights off in the jungle
Shootouts & stolen bundles
Hoes on dick for the phat gold kicks
See the bucket the do' don't open
So bitch make like the Dukes
Or get yo' ass kicked on the fluke
Razor sharp & plus a nigga extra sick so check my tip
& recognize when you fuckin' with a pimp
Metal plates on my nuts so my shit don't scrape
Never saved a bitch flying too low to work a cape ridin'
Seven Deuce no juice & quick to cut a bitch loose
Unless that ho payin' like she weighin'
On a good day she might get to smoke with her folks
But like Goldie I keep my hoes broke
Believe that a...

Chorus
A real pimp'll slap a bitch down (for sho')
A real pimp gon' represent the town (How tough?)
To the fullest let her heels fall off
Cause I'mma ride the muthafucka 'til the wheels fall off
(That's right) Believe it
A real pimp'll slap a bitch down (Like that?)
A real pimp gon' represent the town (How tough?)
To the fullest let her heels fall off
Cause I'mma ride the muthafucka 'til the wheels fall off

Verse 2
I'm all seasons rain, sleet or even snow
[I'm cold daddy]
About mine quick to put a jacket on a ho
Oh you cold now I'm going to get some hot cocoa
& when I slide back through bitch have my dough
I'll set the bunnies out & let them hop for scratch
& if they jump too far it's Operation Beat a Batch
Choke a bitch down & let her tonsils know
It ain't about us nuh uhh it's just me & this ho
This is my money man so let me uhh bring it back
Squashed the shit flipped the fit
& dropped her off on the track
I gots to have it plus I need it
& I'm walkin' with a limp cause nigga I'm a real pimp
Remember...

Chorus
A real pimp'll break a bitch down (that's right)
A real pimp gon' represent his town (How tough?)
To the fullest let her heels fall off
Cause I'mma ride the muthafucka 'til the wheels fall off
Believe it
A real pimp gon' break a bitch down (for sho')
A real pimp gon' represent his town (How tough?)
To the fullest let her heels fall off
Cause I'mma ride the muthafucka 'til the wheels fall off

Verse 3
Now everything I own nigga is on a bitch
Lexus coupe I traded in my Beritz
Dedication to pimps & all playas stay up
& though you be the reason all these tricks lay up
That bitch laid up for yo' clothes diamonds yo' wallets
[Overlaps last line] Them hoes bringin' jewels wallets
& Remy don't you get juiced cause this game is so heavy
I got 9 hoes all fine hoes
& if you got the buck they be ready to fuck
You say a small stable bet my hoes is able
To flip as many tricks as crews twice as thick
So if you ask me I'm screamin' tax free
Nigga, & pimpin' & hoein' is the best thing going
You ain't knowing I bootleg them cute legs
On the major plus spits raps & busts caps
So if ya daughter kinda thick keep her off of the track (ha haa)
Send her to the store I bet she don't come back
Cause a...

Chorus
A real pimp'll knock a bitch down (that's right)
A real pimp gon' represent his town (How tough?)
To the fullest let her heels fall off
Cause I'mma ride the muthafucka 'til the wheels fall off
And a...
A real pimp'll knock a bitch down (for sho')
A real pimp gon' represent his town (How tough?)
To the fullest let her heels fall off
Cause I'mma ride the muthafucka 'til the wheels fall off
Nigga

Female voice with (RR overlapping):
Hey baby you wanna go out? You wanna go out honey?
Spend a little of ya money, come here cutie hey come here
(A real pimp) (Hoes down)
Did you here what I said I said come here. Come here daddy
Ooh you look soo good

(RR)
Always on a bitch, courtesy of...
This that real pimp shit nigga ahh this ain't no chili bowl pimpin'
Over here nigga this real pimp shit nigga on a bitch everythang luxury
Courtesy of nigga. I had a bad super bad bitch
Call the bitch Boomerang, (Chorus overlaps)
Anytime I sent that ho. Bitch come rit (right) back
Y'understand what I mean. You know how it go

A real pimp'll knock a bitch down and a
Real pimp'll represent his town
So tough I'll make the heels fall off
Cause I'mma ride the muthafucka 'til the wheels fall off

And a we gon' sign off like that once again we gon' tell you
Motherfuckers to pump yo' brakes check ya fluid in ya
Master cylinder. Cause you might fuck around & run up
Against some shit you ain't even ready to fuck with. (ha haa)
It's like uhh Martini & Flossi "We shall sell no rhyme, before it's
Time,"
On a bitch!