[Intro]
It's an innovative, rhyme-related, sound-coming-down-to-the-round-created
Out-spoken, English-broken, beast altogether and the song is smokin'
You will agree 'cause you just can't stay no
Shakin' and breakin' just like a volcano
Ready to erupt when we say huh, two, three
Everybody get up

[Hook]
Get up, get up get up, get up, get up
Get up, get up get up, get up, get up
Come on, get up, get up get up, get up, get up
Get up, get up get up, get up, get up

[Verse 1]
If you really wanna party, then the place to be is on the dancefloor (Huh!)
Come one, allow me to put the feeling in your bones
With three turntables and microphones
We will work wonders and create an air
That sets a positive atmosphere
For dancing, and singing, and playing, hangin' out all night
And bringing the day in, with a bang
But it ain't no thang, if you got juice, then you can hang
To the break of dawn, called the early morn'
You'll rock till everybody's gone

[Hook]
You gotta' get up, get up, get up, get up
Get up, get up, get up, get up

[Verse 2]
I am a brainiac
The innovator of rap, better known as Kool Moe Dee (Huh! Huh!)
Just like a parlour of trade, I'm Special K, and two complete The Three
With a funky rhyme, I'm L.A. Sunshine, the prince of poetry (Huh! Huh!)
And I, DJ, comin' all the way live, it's Easy Lee
He'll make you

[Hook]
Get up, get up, get up, get up
Get up, get up, get up, get up
Bust this!

[Instrumental part]
(Get up right now)
(Get down now)
(Uh!)

[Hook]
'Cause it's the mind-shattering beat and flattering rhymes that we create
That drives the people wild, 'cause we have a style so many try to imitate
But they can't make you get up, get up
Like we make you get up, get up
Watch me make 'em get up, get up
Moe Dee, make 'em get up, get up

[Verse 3: Kool Moe Dee]
I'm the hot-powered rapper called Kool Moe Dee
The best that ever set foot on earth
And I'm so much of the man, the other rappers can't stand
To settle for what I'm worth
But that's besides the point, 'cause I'm the joint, I don't brag, instead
I sit back and relax and let the words [?]
Why you doin' rocks if you deaf, dumb, blind
Otherwise you must be dead
'Cause I bring life to the party, I'm the leader of the show (Huh!)
I'm the stimulating, devastating, concentrating, dominating voice that makes you go

[Hook]
Nobody makes you get up, get up
Like we all make you get up, get up
I'll make you get up, get up
Special K, make 'em get up, get up

[Verse 4: Special K]
Now, I know some of you people might be real leaders
But something like this is so presticious
That it just can't be labeled except
So just rock it on time and keep it on ten-fold
The way I walk, the way I talk
Now you can tell I was born in the state of New York
I got an up-town accent with a touch of slang
Which I use on the nights I feel I wanna hang
Girls, grab a guy and just rock with 'im
Keep it on time to the bass and the rhythm
Remember this, because here's the catch
You not only have to be fresh, you gotta be trash[?]

[Hook]
Com on and get up, get up
We'll make you get up, get up
I'll make you get up, get up
Sunshine, make 'em get up, get up

[Verse 5: L.A. Sunshine]
While I'm rhyming I'll be climbing up to the top
I'm gonna try to make you get up and I won't stop
Until ya do-do what you came to do
Because I will not leave this party to go home
'Cause then I'll be alone
But if I do I'll take my microphone and I'll rock there, I'll rock anywhere
And I'll make my mama scream 'Oh yeah!'
'Cause my rap's not fiction, it's strictly fact
It won't cause no friction 'cause you'll react
Just like a puppet on a string when I do my thing
'Cause I'm definitely qualified to make you swing

[Hook]
Everybody get up, get up, get up, get up
Get up, get up, get up, get up
Take this!

[Instrumental outro]
(Get up right now)
(Get down now)
(Get up right now)