I'm not... I'm, I'm, I'm...

I am about done with this painful season, and this painful winter... You know?


(Mac Lethal)
Give me the birth of spring
So when I go outside all the birds will sing
And my words will sting like bees in a hive
Alease make the season alive
Alright?

I used to hold Nintendo games in with another game
Back when Shawna used to give Jojo's brother brain
Before I started on this world buzz
Before bill collectors started callin' me more than my girl does
I was curled up in the corner of my classroom
Sleepin' on my desk, or I was scribblin' these rap tunes
Transfixed on half-moons and paychecks
And mad Buhloone Mindstate was jammed in my tape deck
FUCK no I didn't "dress out" for gym class
I took a nap on the bleachers top level
I stole all my lunches, didn't go to class, and got A's, 'cause there's 6 million ways to freak a block-schedule
This rhyme's for the high school dropouts
Restaurant dishwashers, and girls who use copouts
Artists who ain't bein' properly respected
And everyone who ever got their phone disconnected
Before little league, Lethal played infield
I had a Huffy and a yellow-colored Big Wheel
I buried all my GI Joes in the backyard
But momma made me wear a coat 'cause of the windchill
My role-models were the janitor committees
And the punk-rock kids who smoked cigarettes at Denny's
Until my girl sent me on my own
I can't be your X-boyfriend, I'm trapped in the Y-chromosome
I don't got a job 'cause I don't got a car
I don't got a car 'cause I don't got a job
I need to pay rent, I need to do somethin'
Instead I'm gonna press the snooze button
With 2 dollars in my pocket, I'm spiritually William Wallace
Screamin' for freedom in a dark winter solace
Hopin' for some healthy leads
As trees whisper for me to smell the breeze


Chorus: (Nezbeat and Mac Lethal)

Ay yo

Nezbeat and Mac Lethal (3x)

Give me the birth of spring
So when I go outside all the birds will sing
And my words will sting like bees in a hive
Please make the season alive

Mac Lethal
I'm sick of winter...

Nezbeat
Give me the birth of spring
So when I go outside all the birds will sing
And my words will sting like bees in a hive
Please make the season alive

Mac Lethal
Winter, everything goes wrong. Everything goes wrong in the winter. Everything hurts, everything's cold. No time for that. It's time for spring

(Inaudible whisper)