Intro:
Hello. (Hi.) You know what? I think everyone should adopt a waitress from their local bar. And then you call up Lazerbeak, make him nice, and say--
Give me drums!
Kansas Santa Claus, baby!
Redneck Santa Claus
Kick your goddamn bips
Let's roll
Yo yo, look man

Verse 1:
Sometimes I feel like my onlyfriend is me
You feel the same too, don't you disagree
I got gin, I got a gust of wind to ride
My little lady put a puncture in my pride
(Hello?)
I'd rather call on my fans
Let me see the goddamn palms of your hands little man
Tell your girl that I'm confidently ugly
Let me blow steam, let me talk a bit, I'm grumpy
(But Mac, you look so lovely, you look so lovely!)

I don't give a damn if you want me, but when you do
Then I don't have to sit sifting through
The little increments of bitch in you
And you don't misconstrue
The simple fact that I don't sing haiku
(You what?)
I coo like a pigeon, I chew through the system
Do voodoo a rhythm, listen I got your city hippie flippin'
With my disposition, with this sick wisdom, astigmatism
Split vision, suck human, chick limpin'
Slick pimpin', suds gooin', butts movin' in prison
(But the fact that you sound like a white boy?)
Fuck y'all critical punks, I am white (Right?)
You know we gettin' rowdy and then some
It's Mac Lethal pounding the kick drums
I want love
Let me build, not destroy
Is everybody with me?
Fear not my boy!

Hook:
This is what it looks like when a black clover blooms
'Cause the world seems so consumed with just
The boom of the drums and the sound of the bass
We can knock the party out of place (We can knock the party out of place)

This is what it looks like when a black clover blooms
'Cause the world seems so consumed with just
The boom of the drums and the sound of the bass
We can knock the party out of place (Okay!)

Verse 2:
Twenty-four gun salute me
One for every year I haven't let these silly military bastards recruit me (Bastards)
And I'mma have me a percoset and peanut butter sandwich
And splatter malt liquor on the canvas
I'm from Kansas
So I'mma handle this mic like an art jerk
And do a little farm work
Give me a straw hat, give me a beer mug
I'm 'bout to play now, y'all need some earplugs? (Yeah)

I don't give a damn if you listen, but if you will
I wouldn't have to sit pissed with bills from
Every rotten-ass business deal
Slamming fingers in the window sill
Like I'm a modern day John Wayne (What)
Got a hot brain (What)
Full of drugs that are making people not sane (Yeah)
I got a couple million dollars on the Kansas City Chiefs
We're never gonna lose again bee-yotch, peace

Hook:
This is what it looks like when a black clover blooms
'Cause the world seems so consumed with just
The boom of the drums and the sound of the bass
We can knock the party out of place (We can knock the party out of place)

This is what it looks like when a black clover blooms
'Cause the world seems so consumed with just
The boom of the drums and the sound of the bass
We can knock the party out of place (Okay!)