[Intro]
Yo! Yo! eh yo a yo a yo. Yo! Yo! eh yo a yo a yo!
Yo! YO! Yo!
(shut up.) (fuck up)

[Verse One]
Innovative one, call me the creative one
Mac lick a foreign pussy with the pierced native tongue
Probably speak in accents like its hard to calm her
I use a metal tortoise shell as my body armor
I got a mutated gold mastiff
With 12 eyes and a lime green tongue that spits acid
I duct tape her mouth shut with I hang around sluts
Cause she'll get jealous and chew em' into ground chuck
My carnage rips like a hammer head shark
Spitting liquid nitrogen until the speakers look frost bitten
My car engine is connected to my fierce prose
Releasing sound demons that nibble ear lobes
With the wave of my right hand
The mic stand on stage morph into a tight band to strike fans with rage
Ladies love me when I spray the mic
But there ain't no 'I' in snuggle and there ain't no 'U' in "stay the night"

[Hook]
Hey yo rappers with the sweet skills
Chicks into cheap thrills
Alcoholics smoking gasoline weed lets build
Feel the beat hit your spine when it slams you
Take a swig of the 40 and spark up the bamboo

We puff the bamboo everyday! [x4]

[Verse Two]
I don't live by the sword I don't live by the gun
I live by the gas station that sells blunts by the one
My floor is surrounded by dripping candles
I'll poke my fingers through your eyes like scissor handles
The robots talk to me in uteral, like
(Mac your our planet's secret weapon find a studio!)
Cyborgs travel in twisted orbs
To master alien genocide in the mixing board
Controversy?
It's more like Contra when the lasers bust
I'm puttin on a surgical glove
And dippin in a glass full of water discolored from the razor rust
(It's music)
Crumpled in the rubble lookin knuckled headed divas
I buck with jeans so I can show my double headed penis
So you can treat it like a honey suckle munch and eat it
I was a demon God in violent and destructive fetus

[Hook 2]
Hey yo rappers with the sweet skills
Chicks into cheap thrills
Alcoholics smokin gasoline weed lets build
Mac lethal can you feel it or are you just too fucked up from bamboo sticks?
Puff a little bit of the monster funk
Puff a little bit of the monster funk
Puff a little bit of the monster funk
Smoke some bamboo and get fucked up

[Verse Three]
It's S.G
The one that put the fingers in your panties
And told me that the pussy wasn't hairy
In control with probes
My skulls stretched to see the world like I replaced my eyeballs with globes
Its like Clubber Lang was a space cadet
I might dub your brain to a tape cassette
My face compress to levitate
So take my tape out now give it a kiss and plan a second date
Never understand how I'm screwin raps
My medulla snaps and soul claps it feels like a bazooka blast
I blew the gas through the tubes mumu lash out
Light illuminate and prove the scrap and sewage rats
In your relationship your girls the boss
And if she don't call in 15 minutes I'm jerkin off
You can't get with the way leezy swervin
I just make you blow like Pee Wee Herman

[Outro]
Uh-ha-haha
A little bit of the bamboo sticks!
A little green dirty ass weed, sprinkled with some white nose candy for flavor. Twisted up in one to make you feel oky-loc until you look like muthafuckin Mokie Loc. Uhhhh....

Puff a little bit of the monster funk, puff a little bit of the monster funk
Puff a little bit of the monster funk, man shut the fuck up!