[Intro]
Hello, my name is Mac Lethal and thank you for your purchase This album is best served with a delicious glass of Grand Crew or Wild Flemish for all you top-shelf beer drinkers out there Irish Goodbye begins now I'm back!

[Verse 1] Hey! Imma punch the ceiling 'til it rains blood I'm yelling 'Kill 'em all!', killin' in the name of How many people here have ever heard of Ludicrous? Huh How many people here have ever read Ulysses? See, I don't feel alive until my heart rate doubles, till the hard bass Crumbles every single wall I'm freshly single, y'all An unnamed actress gave me her cellphone number I never even called And Kansas City in my king sized bed Hoping that the parasites don't eat my head I'm feeling so tortured, so sorted, post mortem My brain opens up and blossoms like a ghost story I used to be the class clown Now I feel like I'm the goddamned professor at the circus
Soaking every sector of my opiate receptors
With the potency aggressive from the never ending surplus
My circuits are a little out of service but I work for every little lavish purchase
It's perfect
Depending upon the verdict
Move forward if you're sure that continuing on is worth it
Then work it

[Bridge 1]
See Lethal Phil got my back and you that Black Clover got my back
(Black Clover for life, biotch !)
Kansas City got my back and the whole Midwest got my back
(Midwest!)

[Hook 1]
Black Clover is an army, better yet a family
And every day is Halloween, ring the doorbell if you want some candy
And BCR-4L
Every lifetime member understands me

[Verse 2]
I swear to god I'm like a fiscal libral
Solve a problem, Get a pencil
Have a problem? Get a pistol
Nowadays you don't need books just get a kindle
And people snorting 'Yeah, Yeah, Yeah' like Mr Windle
Shit, they tell me that I'm spitting like an old fool
These little kids think 50-Cent is old-school
They try to question my credibility
Bitch I was killing shit way before the Internet and Pro-Tools
I think it's childish, they think that Ice-T and Ice Cube were actors that never got violent
I keep it Irish
I keep it smart
So permanent, bleeding heart, conservative
[?]
Don't cringe I'm just scrubbing off your third iris
The sickest, the flyest; bird virus, word virus
William S. Burroughs
Playing William Tell with his wife with the aim so thorough

[Bridge 2]
My homie Sevin got my back and you know Astro Black got my back
The Riot Room got my back and you know DJ Skew got my back (DJ SKEW!)

[Hook 2]
Black clover is a nation, better yet a heaven
And every day is Christmas, wake up early if you want some presents
You know I'm bringing Kansas City right down your motherfucking chimney

[Verse 3]
Some people say my writing is so boring that its heavy
So I got a little stricter and I'm pouring my spaghetti[?]
And every petal on the clover is so deadly
If the coroner is ready imma outlive the beats like I'm Lawrence Ferlinghetti
This shits like chopping oranges with machetes
Kicking door hinges and pouring empty 40's different prezzies[?]
So unnecessary, nuclear devastating the Soviets
I'm plagued by my lover and recreational opium

[Outro]
I got a question for the person in the mirror
I wanna know if you can keep up with me, if you can keep up with me
You're living like you're crippled by this fear
I'm worried that you can't feel a fucking thing, you can't feel a fucking thing
Irish goodbye means, without saying goodbye, leave
That you just get up and go
As long as I'm on the journey I'll make it home