[Round 1: Dirtbag Dan]
Aye
You know who doesn't like Mac Lethal?
Black people
You know who doesn't like black people?
Mac Lethal
Maybe if he didn't act emo
Or one time tried to rap sober
But the only thing black down with Mac is fucking Black Clover
How you gon' have Black be the first word in your label name
When you don't have one black label mate
I should take a skate board, black label made
And SMACK Mac in his mangled face
Plus, I'm just appalled to say
On top of all that, y'all are gay
I rep the Bay
The only Mac's I fucking back are Mall and Dre
You wanna hit the beach on some Speedo shit
Pick up some little kids on some pedo' shit
The only reason we know he exists
Is cause of you dissing those guido pics
Bitch like a bro, this like a bro
Probably got a small little dick like a bro
Asher Roth got paid and you didn't and now you're pissed like a bro

That's stupid
What kind of idiot gets beat to the punch making frat music?
That dude did
You try to market that hideous fucking face, you couldn't and Mac knew it
Wait, scratch that, I guess Brother Ali could
But let's face facts Mac, you're not Brother Ali good

[Round 1: Mac Lethal]
You trying to call me a racist male is embarrassing
I do look like Brother Ali, why do you pale in comparison
Frat guy music? Dude that's not even true
But I bet Asher Roth has fucking rapped longer than you
What? You want a race war Dirtbag Dan?
Bitch you look like the leader of the Kirk Klax Klan
I'ma serve backhands, reverse back slam
The day you see your first black man
You'll be like, "Word dude. I heard that man."
You want a race war? Let's be Asian
Give me the golden skin
I'm Dumbfoundead, you're Tantrum
I'm General Tso, you're Jin
You want a race war, let's be black guys with light skinned features
I'll be Hollow Da Don, you're just Jizz Khalifia
You can suck my bronze tuba, you're having a race war inside
You're a Mexican but you look like Hans Gruber
The only race you know is NASCAR, the tires and the shocks
But you a liar, you ain't hot
You're just Ricky Bobby, swearing you're on fire but you're not
You're just a rhythmless geek
In Grind Time you rap off beat and there isn't a beat!
I'm gonna cut you into fucking limes
Motherfucker, you even let The Saurus punk you with the double time
That beard on your little cunt face
Looks like Linda Lovelace when she's getting butt raped in a snuff tape
No black label mates? I'm so appalled
You're retarded it's a fact
My label's called Black Clover you stupid motherfucker
The guy that started it was black!

[Round 2: Dirtbag Dan]
Okaaay
That was uncomfortable
I can't think of too many things than I hate more
Than listening to a skinhead repeat the words, "Race war"
Rhythmless geek?
You called me a "rhythmless geek"
Bitch, your shit at Scribble was weak
You're just pissed when you fell asleep
One of your frat buddies drew a dick on your cheek
You tried that flippity rippity Statue of Liberty shit you did to Okwerdz to me
And I will drop you with the top of my knee
I'm at the top of my game, bitch why you talking to me?
For Mac it really ain't the same uless you rocking a beat
But this is not '03, and you are not O.G
I got the style and the punches, what you got on me?
Nothing cause you're real wack, everybody feel that
You can't be a real mack, if you lose to Illmac'
I mean shit...he just a lil' Mac'
Time to back up some of that shit that you talk
Sitting behind a computer with your dick in your palm
30 years ago, Sloth from The Goonies
Stopped doing movies and started putting his dick in your mom
I fucking told you, at best, you're fresh for an old dude
It's ironic you're on rap music harassing rappers like a troll do
When you look like the trolls do in Troll 2

[Round 2: Mac Lethal]
Wait, wait, wait, wait
Dick in my mom?
Dude if I pissed in your mother
She'd still get pregnant with a cuter kid than you brother
Plus, MY DICK is the size of Illmac'
Even your girl beat it
She was waist high, spitting out more 'Mac than Conceited
But nothing you say will make me say "oww"
You don't got heart, just fake shit in your chest like J-Woww
But that was not a double time Dan
This is the double time shit I be killing this
Filming the filaments, elements I'm gonna speed it up a little bit
And knock you with lil' bit of rhythm, all the syllables are killing and it's imminent
Wait, wait, wait, you want me to do fast shit? Let's do triple time
Dick and a [?] taking it out
Sticking my dick in and kicking it raw Dan
He started rapping when he heard "Informer"
Something you've never heard before...quadruple time...
Brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrt...faggot
It's actually tragic here
There's madness in the atmosphere
Hey Bob Ross, go paint yourself a happy little rap career
Hacksaw Jim Duggan
Looking like an inbred, slack jawed kid's cousin
I'm an attack dog, I'ma feed you Mac's tall stick
Leave your ass raw, ripped, bubbling
Then show you my fat balls with onions
That gibbity grippity shit and Sloth from The Goonies
Are two things we already heard Okwerdz say to me
So lay on the ground faggot it's face fuck time
Cause I don't like you...Drake punch line

[Round 3: Dirtbag Dan]
Aye, did y'all catch that?
Did you say you wanted to leave me, "Raw, ripped with your tall stick"?
That's extra faggy
Plus, I guarantee, your balls only seem fat in comparison to your small dick
What? Am I supposed to act like we're two masters putting swords together?
Cause you and Sage Francis went on broccoli throwing tours together?
You faggots hold hands and protests Klan bakes
You both know how a man tastes
And your whole fan base looks like old Klan tapes
Your little buddy Grieves
Used to refer to your chest as his own personal man cave
You'd cuddle up in the van on tour and promise to keep your man safe
Each morning you made him pancakes
You got pictures kissing his cheek
You faggots whisper to speak
You probably pierced his lip with your teeth
All your little boyfriend left you with was heartbreak and regret
That, and a little tethered lock of bang hair that he kept
You can't blame him, he was thinking, "Why pay him respect?"
He ain't nothing but a fucking Rhymesayers reject
How could they market that ugly mug?
I bet at the office they used to call you "Ugly Slug"
Both of y'all make music for 15 year old bitches except none of them sluts would ever let you plug
Quit the tough guy act, no one's buying it
Like you're all pumped up off some Eye Of The Tiger shit
All you old fucks see us trying this
And decided to crawl back out of retirement
Well I could give a fuck about Iron Swallowmen
Or the cat that got snacks for Ditty
How the fuck could a Mac be Lethal?
A Tech-N9ne runs Kansas City

[Round 3: Mac Lethal]
This battle would be mad exciting but your pussy cat is biting
Trying to diss Sage Francis, bitch you look exactly like him
Hell yeah we went on tour, your rookie ass should try it
And stop acting like San Jose is so crooked, bad and violent
See I heard one of his songs over a gangster rap beat
He said he's so street that he kicks grown men in the teeth
Then I googled San Jose and I was like, "You kidding me?
It stumped me
Dan here lives in the second richest city in the country
And everybody there has a Lexus and eight slaves
Better than great days, pet leopards and great danes
In high school you had varsity letters and straight A's
Your dad's a lawyer, everyday he makes 78K
So if you ever got caught with 70 AK's
You would only have to go to jail for seven or eight days
Your dad would bribe the judges, you could get away with robbery
Like in Grind Time, you bribed the judges and get away with robbery
See the truth is Dan that you're wack to me son
There's not a Grind Time battle that you actually won
And even though Kat set this up I don't respect you punk
You wanted a promo battle so I wouldn't fuck your record up
While
After this battle I'm going back to selling records, fucking groupies
Selling merch, doing shows and touring
After this battle you're going back to selling pancakes with my choice of two sides at IHOP Monday morning
It must suck being broke you little poor midget you
Kansas City bitch, Tech-N9ne runs your city too