[Verse 1]
Yo, yellow cheese, eggs, white pancake batter
Put a little bit up on the skillet
When it starts to bubble, flip it over with your spatula
Yeah, yeah, that shit look like my breakfast
I gotta remember to flip the motherfucker over
After cookin’ it for 30 seconds
Ladies love me; I got my OJ
Everybody said to do another fast rap to this beat
So I said “Okay.”
But I’ma speed it up real, real, real fast
‘Til the whole damn bottle is gone
And I’m challenging Busta, Watsky and Twista
Any of you rap kids, follow along! C'mon!

[Hook]
Cook with me now, unh!
Cook with me now, unh! Unh!
I’m making pancakes
Cook with me now, unh!
Cook with me now, unh! Unh!

[Verse 2]
Fresher than a muh'fucka
Chris Brown broke up with Rihanna
So he’s lookin’ for another silly idiotic ho that he can beat up
I wish that he was man enough to get inside the octagon
I'd kick him in the noggin, like I’m Lyoto Machida
Front kick to the face just by me throwin’ my feet up
Winkin’ at Rihanna, "Baby, please show us your D-cups!"
I’m givin’ it to the man, the cakes are stickin’ right to the pan
Your fate is imminent, I’ma diminish it
Got the weed to smoke to re-up
It’s done, that’s done, that cake is done!

[Verse 3]
Let’s go! Gotta butter up another one
And put it on the skillet, couple minutes ‘til it’s done-done
Ain’t nobody fuckin’ with this kid
So tell Jerry Sandusky I’m gonna kill him with a stun gun
Come-come get a-get a-get a-get a crumb
Hit a spitta with a fit of venom when I split a drum
Take another visit in a minute
Where the menaces to the society is In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida
You're Danny Devito when I belittle, literally it’ll better you
Battling anybody with a better view ahead of you
Like bitter batter-batter I’ma hit you with an auto mo' battery
Bada-bing, bada-bada-boom, boom!
I’m the king, better get a clue
Get offended when I’m sentimental and I spit at you
I’m thinkin’ about my rhythm, it's dope and much better
These rappers think they’re animals; nope, it's Chuck Testa
Gotta get up, the economy's a little brutal to me
The dichotomy ain't suitable
I gotta go to Pluto for a little bit of comedy
Or something beautiful
There's nothing beautiful about this world
I'm gonna pucker up my lips to barf
Gonna choke a fuckin’ rapper in his hipster scarf
I’m never gonna put another piece of music out deliberately
If it isn't genuine and grips the heart
Winter’s hard, so have some pancakes!

[Outro]
Made by me, motherfucker!
The Chael Sonnen of rap music
Enjoy your breakfast!
Mac Lethal, biatch!