[Verse]
Lemme ask you a question all about life
Do you feel like you’re doing it right?
Do you got a blade stuck in your heart right now?
Are you afraid of removing the knife?
Do you got a real friend that’ll pull it out?
Talk to you? Ride for you? Ask who did it?
Or is that friend the very person that walked up behind you and stabbed you with it?
Do you know the definition of true survival?
Do you feel like a new born/new arrival?
Are you suicidal?
You could lie, but you and I both know the motherfucking truth is final
Are you in love with a person who loves you too?
Or do they love just to hurt you and fuck with you?
Are you on drugs right now just for fun and games?
Are you on drugs right now just to numb the pain?
Are you on drugs right now?
'Cause you don’t think you’re capable of feeling real love right now?
Do you need me to walk through the screen that you’re looking at, grab you and give you a hug right now?
Do you feel like you’re stuck in the upside down?
Hanging upside down?
Do you wanna quit your job and just lie down?
Do you wanna scream “I don’t give a fuck!” right now?
Like I don’t give a fuck
All I wanna do is hit the highway in the autumn with a body in the trunk
Do you hate the winter weather? Does it got you gettin' drunk?
Did you pour a little whiskey in the coffee in your cup?
Could the situation worsen?
Did the situation worsen?
I know that you feel like a human
But do you feel like a person?
I know that you feel like a human
But do you feel like a person?
I know that you feel like a human
But do you feel like a person?
Should I dip this pen in your blood and sign your death certificate in cursive?
Do you feel like shit if you’re not perfect?
Do you feel like quitting is your purpose?
Are you out of shape? Are you overweight?
When you gonna die? Do you know the date?
Do you wanna get up on a rocket ship
And travel far from Earth and live in outer space?
Do you wanna cut yourself and suck the fuckin' blood up out the wound 'cause you love how it tastes?
And did you realize that your whole group of friends is fake?
Or do you even care?
Do you even know?
Are your friends just putting powder up their nose?
Are you poppin' pills?
Way behind on bills?
Are you scared to say you need some help for real?
Are you in a fuckin' argument while driving, looking at your phone, your hand is on the wheel?
Did she tell you that you got her pregnant right before she told you that she’s gonna have it killed?
Ahhh!
Do you feel like life is worth it?
Ahhh!
Do you feel like life is worth it?
When you think about happiness, are the words that come to mind “I deserve it.”?
Listen, I know that you feel like a human
But do you feel like a person?
I know that you feel like a human
But do you feel like a person?
I know that you feel like a human
But do you feel like a person?
Know that you feel like a human
But do you feel like a person?
Thank you