[Round 1: The Saurus]
Yo, you know who doesn't like Mac Lethal?

[Crowd]
Black people!

[The Saurus]
Everybody
So I figured I'd euthanize this quadruple-timing Suicide Girl for some free drinks and spending money
I mean shit, we both won Scribble Jam with less preparation
So with less than a day I had to think of what direction I'm taking
Do I mention the way you hear everyone say he's the best in his day but was never the favorite?
And after he left the competitive stage I take everyone of his records and break it?
Orrrr, do I mention the way the etiquette's changed
And whatever you say is incredibly ancient
Your record 11:11 is gay and then end it with saying your head is misshapen
See you can say that you're the livest
But I've slayed and murdered giants twice as great as you in life, now it's David vers' Goliath
Fuck you and your Pale Rap Youtube hit
If I shoot two clips you won't be around to see how many views you get
Yo, so you ain't got a chance at winning with the faggot trash you're spitting towards me
Since 2004 he's repped for battle rap pretty poorly
You were the man in the beginning, it Illmaculately ended shortly
Now click your heels twice and get back to Kansas Dorothy

[Round 1: Mac Lethal]
It's funny he says my head is misshapen
Pete...you look like your face was severed and shaken
Thrown in a skillet with lettuce and bacon
Taken to Hell's scorching meadows and basins
Fed to some snakes and molested by Satan
Then your face was stepped on and shaved with the weapons of Jason
Left in the rain til the leprosy sank in
Left to be eaten by featherless penguins
And grinded through a paper shredder by eight men
It was so fun for them, such a special occasion
That they took your face and wrapped it in seven grenades then
Detonate them then stitched you back together with metal and plates
And pieces of flesh and pleather and raisins
They removed the medical tape and holy shit, you look better, okay then
Also, you said "David and Goliath"
You hang with gay perverted white kids
You have canker herpies eyelids and a face that turtles die in
The whole entire battle rap community was damn mad
When you beat Real Deal thanks to a special vote from granddad
His name is Pete Morris
His face looks like a keyed Taurus
For hobbies he orbits Earth and eats forests
Every song has a weak chorus
He is truly fat as fuck
I could fit inside this guy's stomach, standing up

[Round 2: The Saurus]
Wait, wait, wait
You tried to fucking flip my scheme then I'ma fucking take it farther
Just so we can find out who's rebuttal game is sharper
So if you got the lettuce and bacon then don't forget the tomato
If you pretend that you're Satan then you'll get left with a halo
Look, we in the City Of Angels you idiot A-hole
I'll pick this dude apart, fucking give me an angle
We should have the people watching this in PayPerView
It's just like me and Real Deal, I'm winning thanks to you
So you might as well just fucking forfeit
Yeah you beat Dan but it was unimportant
Wasn't judged and I beat him a month before it
You might as well stop, shit why the hell not?
A turtle lives inside you, this guy is shell shocked
Now your music career is something that I totally respect
So I won't make a bunch of song references nobody would get
But you will fucking die from all the punches I land
And I'll still be a Living Legend thinking 'bout how Luckyiam

[Round 2: Mac Lethal]
I heard your girlfriend is pregnant, everyday she has to throw up
Wait a minute, how many Grind Time rappers did that ho fuck?
You are not the father Pete, you know why and you know what?
The paternity test was like B.O.L.A. your D.N.A. didn't show up
You lost to Cortez, AKA Rosie Poor-ez
What the fuck is wrong with you 'Saurus?
You let a fucking Boricua zip you up in a body bag
Then the body bag unzipped itself then pushed you off like, "Get off me fag."
Hold on, you look like your mom got pregnant on prom
Tried to have an abortion but the procedure went wrong
So the doctor had to reach inside her and grab you by the face with salad tongs
And when he pulled you out he accidentally dropped you in hot liquid bronze
Arcane took your chain on some Debo shit
You touch little boy's dicks on some Tim Tebow shit
You didn't even beat Dan, you did the two step when Dan was there
You fat motherfucker, you sweat just standing there
Here's a huge breath, there's some air
Sit down, take a chair
In the past ten minutes you've gotten 10% fatter there
So I'm gonna grab your neck and I'm gonna grab your other neck
What the fuck? What the heck? Do you even know where your knuckles went?

[Round 3: The Saurus]
Now I've fathered every style so I don't need to be afraid
And since I showed up I want twice as much as DNA was being paid
Then I don't need to be cliche
Either way, he's the gay who was too afraid of me today
Cause I tweeted that he'd be sniped by a Green Beret
Check the timeline
Yo, truth is, you were never very sick
So I stepped up in one day to murk you on some legendary shit
It's a cemetery trip cause that body bag that you said that I unzipped
Told me to put you in it February 5th
This faggot flew here last minute on some freeload shit
Convinced himself that he could beat me on some ego shit
Arcane didn't take my chain on no Debo shit
They made a new one just for him, I got to keep that shit
So when it comes to frees everyone knows that I'm the best performer
I'll shut your whole system down, go and ask a tech supporter
Yo, you traveled west for war but like a soldier that protects the border
You'll be going back with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder

[Round 3: Mac Lethal]
Post Traumatic Stress Disorder?
Homie that's a hefty order
You specialize in scrotum sacks and open ass and fetish torture
You look like God gave Waka Flaka Flame a couple crayons
Said, "Draw a human for me" but fucking handcuffed his fucking hands
Then smothered the page with battery acid, AIDS, dust and rugged sand
Wiped his ass with the page, crumpled it and tossed it to Earth like, "There. Another man."
I got a couple questions: Do you shave with a miter saw?
No?
Do you shave with a tiger claw?
No?
I got it, you take pomegranate seeds
Cement them to your entire skull and let a rabid beast with a viper's jaw bite 'em off
There's plenty racism here with a Nazi like you around
You ain't even good enough for URL that's the ultimate Proving Ground
All I Really Know Is this is the end of story
Hey guy right there, yell real loud and end this fucker for me

[Guy from the crowd]
What the fuck is going on dawg?!