[Intro]
- Hi! I wanna order pizza, and Yelp says you’re a good place
But I got a long order, that’s quite serious, so wipe that smile off your face…
I can see it. I need a pepperoni pizza in a jiffy…
"Ok... Is that it?" - Hell no, that ain’t it! Stay with me!

[Verse]
I need a combo and a couple supremes
A couple deep dish pizzas that'll bust through my jeans
Send a 20,000 inch meat lovers where the cheese as gooey
And a female driver that’ll feed it to me
I need a margherita pizza with some buffalo mozzarella
A taco pizza pie that you can cover with sausage peppers
A Detroit style Greek pizza
7 extra large BBQ meat pizzas
5 big pizzas, please!
With absolutely no meat, baby boy, nothing but cheese
I need a pizza made of money with a couple of geez
Stuffed in the crust. Take it out the register if you must
57 pepperoni pizzas with some sausage
Canadian bacon, a little garlic and some mozza… rella
You sound like a pretty nice fella
So throw a little pizza in made out of pudding and jello
I got a couple people that are coming over tonight
I need some Dr Pepper, Mountain Dew, some Coke and some Sprite
I need a couple other things, and I hope it’s alright
Because you sitting there like: “Oh my God he's flowing is so tight"
I need a Game of Thrones pizza covered in fried dragon meat
A jalapeño habanero pepper for the savage heat
And if you think I’m getting to cool
I want the pizza from my old elementary school
Cafeteria. That we used to get on Fridays
Oh man, it was perfect and damn
I’ve read 285 books this year, my man
You better bring me 10 personal pans!
A Chinese pizza, fill it with egg rolls
I’ll jump into it like I’m Philip DeFranco
I’m gonna pay, gonna give you my bankroll
I’m thinking of sticking and breaking a mill with insane flows
WOO! I want some pizza with some BBQ chicken
A little pineapple to get the little heart in me ticking
I'm gonna eat it with my wife while I hold her butt
I’m taking a nibble off the end right off the golden crust
Put a little garlic and some onion
In the middle of the crust and go and sprinkle it with some funyuns
Add a little parmesan, a little ham, a little cheddar
And some cheesy macaroni swear to God it makes it better
I don’t care if anybody wanna judge me for the food I’m getting
I just wanna cater to the party and the mood I’m in
I just wanna pizza, I know it’s the best
And tomorrow I’ll have the leftovers for breakfast!
Make sure that crust is not a bit mushy
And, oh yeah, please, throw in a chocolate chip cookie
Because I'm a thug