[Verse]
There’s trendiest days on the Internet
Where people think that the whole world gives a shit
That they woke up at 3:45 in the morning
I’m like: “Jesus, your life must be boring”
They’re like: “Bro, you gotta wake up early
Work hard and chase your dreams”
I’m like: “Uhh… why? Why can’t I sleep ‘til 8:15?
Wait, why can’t I sleep ‘til 10? No, wait, why can’t I sleep ‘til 12?
Haven’t you assholes heard that good night sleep is great for your health?”
“No bro, Navy Seals wake up at 4 with a healthy purpose”
“Uhh… dude, you’re not a fucking Navy Seal, you sell insurance”
I hate fake ass entrepreneurs who wanna be fitness gurus with no style
With inspirational quotes at the top of their goddamn IG profile
They’re like: “Live. Breathe. Love.”
I’m like: “Kiss. Deez. Nutz.”
Mothafucka, you ain’t better than me
You got the same exact 24/7 as me
They’re like: “Bro, you gotta smash the day
Wake up, when the sky’s still black and gray”
I’m like: “No, you don’t. What the fuck you smokin’?
You wake up that early, nothing’s open
You can’t even get a cup of coffee
So hit the snooze button, and suck me softly”
This is dedicated to the people that need sleep
‘Cause they don’t wanna be motherfucking zombie
Would somebody tell Markie Martin, that I don’t care that this guy is still dorky dork
When he jumps at a bed
You have two hundred million dollars, you’re fucked in a head
If I had that kind of money, I would figure out a way to sleep for six months straight
And I’s still probably be tired when I woke up, and I’d still probably get up late
“But bro, while you’re asleep, I’m up workin’ hard”
But just because you up workin’ early, does not mean that you’re workin’ smart, see
You wake up at four, so, you probably go to bed at eight
But while you asleep, I’m awake because I’m up workin’ late
So, fuck you!

[Chorus]
Front, back, side to side
I’m no wakin’ up at three o’clock, four or five
Anybody does – they fucked in a head
So everybody go back to bed
We’re gonna sleep in, gonna sleep in
Gonna sleep in, gonna sleep in
Gonna sleep in, gonna sleep in
Gonna sleep in, gonna sleep in
Okay
Front, back, side to side
I’m no wakin’ up at three o’clock, four or five
Anybody does – then they fall in crap
So everybody just take a nap
We’re gonna sleep in, gonna sleep in
Gonna sleep in, gonna sleep in
Gonna sleep in, gonna sleep in
Gonna sleep in, gonna sleep in
Okay