[Intro]
We gonna make it Rock-N-Roll stars
Hey all you gotta do is you gotta learn one word
And the word is... Cocaine
Can you do that. I'll tell you when...
[Verse 1]
Dear coke, what's the deal, how you've been
It been little second since we was getting it in
Know I kinda abandoned you but you know what
This music shit was promising, look I'm 'bout to blow up
But I remember hugging this grip in my old Chucks, trying to get more bucks
Dodging the gold truck we had it sewn up, You ain't get no cut
Still you pump for me
You was just happy that we both lived comfortably
What up with Dope and them niggas they still getting gaup
They had the whole block itching like the chicken pox
Ayo Coke, 'member you used to get in the pot
Come out acting hard How many pleas did niggas cop?
Like how many ways to get money y'all niggas got?
Can I be down? I'll post up faithfully six o'clock?
But naw It's been me and my dude since day one
We ain't looking for the partners, step up your game son
Sometimes I wonder if you miss me, man I miss you
Even though that life is risky you're

Cocaine

[Verse 2]
My dude when push come to shove
The reason all them Police clowns look in the glove
When they stop the V, heard you're fucking with Keisha
You let her start fucking with you, I know whats a brother to do
She was always sniffing around since back in the day
She of age now she know the mind games you played
I know you got her feening running back for more
Knowing your dirty ass you probably ran up in that raw
So she open. Me, I'm still dating, this music
Take all my time and these girls ain't got patience
But fuck these bitches. What up with this snitches?
There's niggas telling? Must be a new day
Use to lose your toupee for yelling. Glad that I ain't a felon
They never caught you with me
If they only knew that you had grew to quarter a week
I'd been on the phone up north ordering briefs
Sweat pants and something white to toss on the feet
But they didn't, could of been different
I thought about that while this kite was being written, listen

Cocaine

[Verse 3]
Guess what I'm trying to say is I'm done
We had fun, not to sound like jerk but I won
I'm doing things the right way cause you showed me wrong
The people bump our stories when I throw it on a song
Im'a ride this thing out till the motor's gone
And when the road get bumpy I'm still holding on
Till I'm out the project grass ain't gotta mow the lawn
Sky is the limit but you know Joe trying go beyond
But God forbid that don't work I never went soft
I'm back in the hood picking right up where we left off
This is a heads up. Don't count me out dog
If things don't go right I'm going left like a south paw
Back to punching dudes in the face for trying to mouth off
Serving all the fiends that be trying to get they couch off
Ayo Coke, don't forget about the kid
Might need you one day if I happen to get up out the biz
Never forgot where I came from
Where I started to scoop my little bit of change from

Cocaine

That's his name son