[Intro]
R.I.P. to Sean Bell
R.I.P. to Kathryn Johnston
R.I.P. to Amadou Diallo
The list goes on
Change gon' come

[Hook]
It's been too hard living but I'm afraid to die
Cause I don't know what's up there beyond the sky
It's been a long, a long time coming
But I know a change gonna come, oh yes it will

(Change gon' come!)

[Verse 1]
No justice, no peace
Another black man shot dead in the streets
Make the whole hood feel sad, it's sadness
But we feel mad, it's madness
Mike Oliver said his gun jammed, he the main one
12 year veteran and don't know how to use a gun, think we dumb?
If ya clips was loaded to the top
And your gun jammed, how ya fire 31 shots?
Say you shot at the man cause you thought he was strapped
But you killed a man cause you thought he was shooting back
Black America, what type of garbage is that?
The police academy arming these fools with gats
If your reason was you thought he carry a gun
That mean you killed him for nothing, cause he ain't have one
I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired son
Hope change get here before the revolution come!

[Hook]
It's been a long, a long time coming
But I know a change gonna come, oh yes it will

(Change gon' come!)

[Verse 2]
Patrick Lynch is an asshole, he siding with the cops
He said they wasn't wrong for firin' all 'em shots
He said if they felt a threat they 'posed to pop
And they should continue shooting until the threat stop
The nerve he got, another word said
They should continue shooting until Sean Bell was dead
Bloomberg spoke, but we expect him to
He said 50 shots was unacceptable
And he said nobody know how to feel and be another race
They don't respect that, they call it haemoth disgrace
Press conference in front of everybody
He responded faster than his predecessor Mayor Giuliani
Some say he spoke it illogically
He got some better manners but let's see if we get some better policy
Don't fall for it, it's all tricknology
Hope the change get here, before they try to body me

[Hook]
It's been a long, a long time coming
But I know a change gonna come, oh yes it will

(Change gon' come!)

[Verse 3]
The law states a cop is not permitted to shoot at a moving car
It don't make a difference if it's coming straight at him, cause if they shoot the driver a 4000 pound car could cause more drama
But when I heard Charles Barron speak, I believe
He said, "If we gotta bleed, then others gotta bleed"
Five cops placed on administrative leave
But they murdered a father, left behind two seeds
Why was the cops in the club, drinkin' a bottle?
Why was the 41 shots shot at Diallo?
John Podhoretz from the New York Post
Wanna know why Bloomberg and Al Sharpton still close
I read his article, he question it
Why was Bloomberg surrounded by African-Americans?
I guess the loss of a life was a Mayg
Called Sharpton a race-hating-cop-hater

[*50 shots*]
*Bang Bang Bang Bang Bang Bang Bang Bang Bang Bang*
*Bang Bang Bang Bang Bang Bang Bang Bang Bang Bang*
*Bang Bang Bang Bang Bang Bang Bang Bang Bang Bang*
*Bang Bang Bang Bang Bang Bang Bang Bang Bang Bang*
*Bang Bang Bang Bang Bang Bang Bang Bang Bang Bang*