While ya’ll was winning Grammy’s, I was gripping jammies
I know you niggas fear me, cause I spit it scary
All the dead rappers, I resurrect them daily
This is Hail Mary
Who got the thugs grabbing they semis? (Papoose)
Who got the bad broads grabbing they titties? (Papoose)
Who the nicest out of New York City? (Papoose)
You don’t exist, son of a bitch, vamoose!
These rappers don’t want to be introduced to me
Maybe because I got too much Papoose in me
I drop too much material exclusively
It’s because I’m everything that he used to be
A lot of shit would be way different if Moose was free
But Moose is free now, motherfucker, Moose in me
I represent the boy well, even Snoop could see
I bang like he in the booth with me
I don’t trust you as far as I could throw you, truthfully
I'll throw you, don’t come on the roof with me
I rock canary yellow diamonds at your eulogy
Kill you like vitamins, I got juice in me
All the old school rappers, I rep them all the time
Now whose Jesus piece rules in '05?
I make the motherfucking ground shake wherever I walk at
Dirty South, West Coast, where the fuck is New York at?
It’s right here homie, got Nike Airs on me, you know me
Keep tight gear on me, your ice wear rollies, for surely
Don’t like near bogey but light queers slowly for surely
Don’t fight fair homie your light stares only provoke me
You play tough Tony get left holy moly for doly
Joey's Chromey homie owe me homie don’t even know me
Sipping moey fat roly-poly phony bologna
I give him a slice, you like anchovies, you phony
I’m Shaq, you Kobe, I’m Kunta, you Toby
I do my dirt up on my lonely
You do your dirt with a co-D
I’d rather be a prisoner than a parolee
Don’t want to own no time, I’d rather time own me
The upcoming rapper, I represent Duke
Who want to play Monopoly? This is Papoose!
You grew up on the block, I hustled and banged on it
Parked the all black Lex, a buzz and a chain on it
I’m thorough on the block, you’re a troublesome lame on it
Think you’re making songs cause you mumble a name on it?
Why would I make a song and put your nickname on it
When I got a bullet with your government name on it?
Proud on the block, you should be ashamed on it
Blood, tears are streamed on it
I’m the moment of silence uh, slump you on your hallway banister
A lot of you niggas be wearing wires and cameras
Listening to my shit, biting like Dracula
You an amateur, the only one nicer than me is myself
So why battle ya?
I go on 106th & Park if I’m the champion and the challenger
Ain’t drop an album, but a legend like Acura, I spit spectacular
Your man got you carrying a gun, you ain’t going to bust a 40 caliber
You like a person with HIV, you a carrier
Engaged to the 12 gauge, I’m going to marry her
Crush all of your barriers, they say pressure busts pipes
But only crackheads fuck with pipes
The only thing pressure do is get me hyped
I spit hard, like Mike Tyson when he strike
True champion like Michael Jordan, I’m precise
Take shots like Michael Bibby do all night
Badder than Michael Jackson before he fucked up his life
Analyze the comparisons and all of the likes
Tell the facts like Michael- strong, always right
I got the characteristics of five elite Mike’s
So it’s impossible for me to get three mics