Yeah
Here go my footsteps again, I'm still coming
Y'all know what it is
Yo, check it, yo
I give it up!
Niggas coming at me sideways
I give it up!
In front of the club on Fridays
I give it up!
The Bed-Stuy do or die way
Give it up,what! x2
Give it up!
Niggas talk about sticking him up. Yeah right
Them niggas know how I give it up
Out of town niggas talking bout hitting him up. Yeah right
Them niggas know how I give it up
These industry niggas talking bout spitting for bucks. Yeah right
Them niggas know how I give it up
Verse:
I use to grip a razor
Cut niggas in any situation
I'll walk away from em, give em a ripaway scar
If I seen something I wanted I'm sticking bae pa
Kept my shorty in the getaway car
You stash the drugs in your cleavage
I'mma stash the guns in my penis
Before we do a jux, we plan it (planet) like Venus
I caught your man on the Ave, he was drunk and weeded
That nigga got stuck up like he conceited
Them Brooknaw niggas treat drama like stickers
Then check em like Nikes. Give em shells like Adidas
Bed-Stuy, Brownsville, don't fuck with these blocks
Them Boyz put the pump to your ass like Reebok
To the unawared, I'm leaving niggas running scared
Y'all better come prepared
Cause I be toting gunz and paying
For school I never cared
Fuck making As and Bs
I wanna make Gs and be the nigga selling keys
At ease I squeeze, selling them nickels and them trees
Instead of them leaves, I grow my money from the trees
Y'all know the story then, I keep drama like auditoriums
Then I clap at it just like a muthafucking audience
Word on the street, niggas slanging what I'm slanging
Better ss-sling it swinging,cause I ain't swinging when I'm bringing
Now they out of line, it bout to be a violent crime
Stuck the ox in my pocket, in case I gotta face some Island time
Filling my boots with extra lead
Cause fuck it the bad boys in blue, can be the bloody boys in red
Premed, I cock my gun and grab my keys
But the left the back door open cause I ain't try to freeze for no D's
We breeze, only the automatic fifth in me
Guess it wasn't no mystery, I was bout to make them niggas history
Deep under pressure they put two and two together
But they ain't clever, I keep my fifth Beretta filled with four
Better forever bop. Toting my trigger through the Glock
I blew him in his knot, and made the nigga do the Wop
Uncertain. I seen a shadow lurking peeking through a curtain
My gun starting bursting, I left her hurting with her head squirting
Punks was coming out of thugs
But niggas was trying to form on me cause I gunning out of slugs
Running like adrenaline they was coming like the Gremalins. Dipped behind the car. Remembering I stuck my Timbalands
Started sparking and bucking
The symbolence surrendering
Emptied all their pockets and left them muthafuckas trembling
I bust mines,and all you sons can't harm me
Y'all little and scrawny
I'm a one man army
Papoose!
Kay Slay:
We tried to warn y'all niggas...y'all just wouldn't listen...
Dang!