[Hook]
Play this in the cemetery
Am I ready to pay my respects? Born ready
Hit your friends on social media, hurry
Tell them Papoose dropping that obituary

[Verse 1]
Maya Angelou, words can't describe
I know how a caged bird sing, still I rise
Born April 4th, 1928
St. Louis, Missouri, destined to be great
Silenced by molestation as a child
She used her silence to study books for a while
Author, poet, dancer, actress, singer
Fifty honorary degrees, director, leader
The cause of her death, natural causes
Her voice defended our culture, she was flawless
Joan Rivers, comedian, actress
Right under Johnny Carson, that's what she practiced
Born June 8th, 1933
Brooklyn, New York, went to college in CT
The Fashion Police, she was charismatic
The cause of her death, surgery ended tragic

[Hook]
Take these bars and play them in the cemetery
Am I ready to pay my respects? Born ready
Hit your friends on social media, hurry
Tell them Papoose dropping that obituary

[Verse 2]
Big Bank Hank, a pioneer for real
Member of the legendary group, Sugar Hill
Born January 11th, 1956
Bronx, New York, a place it never forgets
First hip-hop act to have a crossover single
Rapper's Delight, they made the pop charts mingle
The cause of his death, kidney failure, cancer
Why? Only God know the answer
Rubin Carter, a boxer known to bang
Better known in the ring as The Hurricane
Born May 6th, 1937
Clifton, New Jersey, soon to be a legend
Had a promising career, his future got stripped
Did 20 years for a crime he didn't commit
The cause of his death, prostate cancer
Why? Only God know the answer

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Robin William, comedian, actor
The art of making other people laugh, he mastered
Born July 21st, 1951
Chicago, Illinois, the place he was from
Started comedy as child in interviews he mentioned
He made his mother laugh so he can get attention
Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor
Emmy Awards, Golden Globes, he racked up
The cause of his death, committed suicide
Take it one day at the time, words of the wise
R.I.P. Ruby Dee
R.I.P. Earl Hayes
R.I.P. Stephanie Mosley
Hope your journey can bring you some better days
R.I.P. Casey Kasem
R.I.P. Eric Garner
R.I.P. Mike Brown
No justice, no peace, let's go harder
2014 obituary, I swear
I hope I don't have to do this again next year