[Hook]

They be like, "You so irresponsible"

[Verse 1: Heems]

The most excellent God vision crystal
Twisted spliff with your twisted sister
No, it ain't my fault, no not me
You couldn't see me like a Jewish Nazi
Das Racist, the number one slept on
You couldn't see us like quarks and leptons
Wholesale Tetley tea bags in the pantry
Brown banshee, boss tried to ban me
Bahn Mi, mommy, hand me a Grammy
A grand for my family, a house for my granny
Cup filled with booze as big as the Stanley
Plus bread, plus cheese, something like a sammy
Dream of knockin' Hima over, leavin' with the hematoma
Rockin till the beat is over, he the holder of a boulder
Eager beaver beat her over, camcorder, Chevy Nova
Schema soldier, deep scolder, dippin when the heat is over

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Kool A.D.]

N-n-n-n-nickname Prince Ruffian, animal husband
Anything, something, anything, nothing, nothing, nothing
They shooting, who's ducking? Who's chicken? Who's joking?
Who's juking? Who's jerking? Whose jerk chicken is this?
Can I handle it for a minute?
Who's in this to win this for the spinach?
For the brisket, for the Bisquick, for the biscuits
Make biscuits, take this kiss, break this kiss
Break, break, break, chick, chick, chick
Tick, tick, tick, bang, bang, bang, d-d-d-d-d-dang
D-d-d-d-d-damn, no sleep, no tryptophan
No kick the can, spinnin' like a ceiling fan
Where the feeling man?
Reelin' in the year
Steely Dan, for realie fan

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Lakutis]

Girl, shake it like a chicken wing
Eat it like a chicken foot
Chicken what? Chicken butt
Bawk, bawk, chicken, chicken
Bawk, bawk, chicken, chicken
Bawk, bawk, chicken, chicken
Yeah, you fucking with a death shark
Blood eagle, bug eagle
Running 'round the fire circle for
A little, little baby boo boo, all the voodoo that you do
It's so remarkable, plus you can see me in my cyber punk
Cess pool, this cess pool is the best pool
Best kept cool in the test tube
Best dressed fool in the death cube
I come about my Jimmy, karma karma caress you
Come, come my lady I'mma hand you this vegetable
Chiba, Chiba, Buddha, Buddha, Whoda, Whoda
Dodo, dodo, dududasta
Jewish Eddie Murphy in your barber shop, Mazel Tov
Drop it like it's hot

[Hook]