[Hook]x2
I'mma wife 'er out, I'm, I'mma wife 'er out
I'mma wife 'er out, I'ma, I'mma wife 'er out
I'mma wife 'er out, I'm, I'mma wife 'er out
I never wife 'em out, but I'mma wife 'er out

[Lakutis]
They be like, "Lex?" (What?) "You play Hungry Hungry Hippos?"
Yeah, cause I like to keep it simple (Oh)
I'm the type turn a drop into a ripple
Turn a ripple to that crazy scene from Species in the middle (OK)
Mommy wylin', she don't know that it's a rental (one day)
Might finna wife it out, make it official (nado)
Homegirl said she like my kujichagulia
Rest in peace, Swayze, R.I.P. Aaliyah
Body's like lady horses, salty like baby tortoise
I'm in the forest, it behooves you to move towards it
I'm in the fortress, if it soothes you see more of it
Young suck beast, death freak on a bitch, oops
Let me see the trick when you get up on the dick
Oops

[Hook]x2

[Kool A.D.]
Never wife 'em out, but I'mma wife her out
Go ahead, girl, live it up, life it out
Pop it up, bring it back, walk it out, bring it back
Knock it out, knock it off, what we talking 'bout?
Lock it down, move it all around, go to town
You're a soldier now, holder of a boulder now
Money folder now, throw the gold around
Told and sold the sound
Your girl told you that I ho around? No, I just go around
You don't need to ask me if I hold it down
That's a dumb question, you don't even gotta ask the next one
And I don't have any more questions
So, what you wanna do? I know what I wanna do

[Hook]x2

[Heems]
I'mma wife 'er out, tho, she be Edie Falco
But she look better, I'm in a dope sweater
I'mma wife 'er out, more than pipe 'er out
I never wife 'em out, but I like what she's about
I like the things she's saying when they come outside her mouth
What she talk and shout, I want to learn about
Much to like about her, so much to write about
Kiss her on the mouth, that's what life's about
Listen down south, listen when she pout
Make me want to get a job and get up off the couch
I don't trust nobody that like me
Gotta wife you out, but you gotta be my wifey
Face down, hair black, spicy
Wearing nothing but her Air Max Nikes
She patient when I'm wilding in the streets
Waiting like the dial-up on the beat
[Look into her eyes, when it's going down
Dive into her bones, find a home to roam around
Go to town, another round, rub her down, lover's sound
Love her down, lovers rock from the kitchen to another spot (Say what?)

[Hook]x2

Ooh ooh mommy, you know how you like it. (?)
Ooh ooh baby, to that spot doing that thing. (?)