[Intro: Nas & Puff Daddy]
Escobar season begins
Aye, yo, we ain't posin' for no pictures in 2018
Candid shit only
Scared motherfuckers

[Verse 1: Nas & Puff Daddy]
Black Kemet gods (yeah), black Egyptian gods (let's go)
Summoned from heaven, blessed, dressed in only Goyard
Homie go hard like Stone and Robert in a stolen car
Shoot the ballot box, no voter cards, they all are frauds (rrrrat!)
Senegal's finest, minerals, diamonds
The Earth is cursed but I survive many climates
Calm and thoroughly, they try to Hyman Roth me
John Fitzgerald me, the industry never bought me
Fear will make you reveal who you really are
Feel me God? Be solid, your foes hold you in ill regard
This ain't knowledge, this is not intense
For honored men, women too
Us who can see the same thing, but have a different view (let's go)
All of a sudden, frontin' niggas knew you from your past
Got all kinds of guys sayin' we go way back
And who y'all comparin' me to is nonsense
Show gratitude in the presence of dominance

[Chorus: 070 Shake & Nas]
I think they scared of us, yeah
I think they scared of us
I think they scared of us, yeah
I think they scared
To Catholics…

[Verse 2: Nas & Puff Daddy]
To Catholics, Moors and Masons
John Hanson was not the first black pres to make it (Lies!)
Abe Lincoln did not free the enslaved (Lies!)
Progress was made 'cause we forced the proclamation
(Fuck your proclamation!)
SWAT was created to stop the Panthers
Glocks were created for murder enhancement
For hunting men, circumstances
Edgar Hoover was black
Willie Lynch is a myth, Colombians created crack
The government made stacks (welcome to America, niggas!)
Reagan had Alzheimer's, that's true
Fox News was started by a black dude, also true
Convinced my experiences were meant to be
Helps me navigate as they validate they treachery
Felt established, fake as he smile, handshake questionable
"Am I good?" he ask, thinkin', "But is he testin' you?"
(Is he testin' you?)
In my hood, fear does a few things
Make you pussy, make you a snitch
Make irrational moves or even turn you to food

[Chorus: 070 Shake & Puff Daddy]
I think they're scared of us, yeah (Ay yo, as we proceed to give you what you need)
I think they're scared of us (Put your motherfucking fists in the air!)
I think they're scared of us, yeah (I don't care if you're white, black, latino, asian, caucasian, malaysian, whatever you are)
I think they scared
I think they scared of us, yeah (As long as you're with this motherfucking elevation)
I think they scared of us
I think they scared of us, yeah (As we proceed to give you what you need, you scared! You scared!)
I think they scared
You scared! Yeah!

[Outro: Puff Daddy]
Ayo, that's why they be killing us and shooting us
That's why they feel uncomfortable around us
'Cause of our greatness
You're lucky God made us compassionate
And forgiving
Pssh, man, they scared of us, Nas
We see that bitch in your eyes