[Verse 1: Busdriver]
Yeah
I use to flee the scene 'cause my scripted dream was too green to pick
My nigga's mugs is mean so my stump would lean, I believed I’m thick
Used to get double teamed to the bumblebees, had to pee on six
But they don't really fuck with me though I'm sucker free in my recent picks
My art degree on pinkish, the [reese?] is penis shrinkage
They won't believe my genius, my shits on Peter Dinklage
And all of my homies are political prisoners, medicine man who scribbled them signatures
And y'all are some digital natives who never did dirt on no physical havens
Kindergartners, up at the dinner parties being fickle with payments You often belittle the layman, mm
A cow wouldn't utter your scorn, do I cop or conform?
Manipulate thunderstorms
No more shucking corn

[Chorus: Busdriver]
Ooh wee keep this between you and me
I done turned into a G
Ooh wee keep this between you and me
I done turned into a G
Make you see what I see
Ooh wee keep this between you and me
I done I done I done I done I done
Ooh wee keep this between both of us
I never put nothing over us
[?] my flows when now or never, oh!

[Verse 2: Busdriver]
You see my baby mama only loves me for my father's money
But I got [?] wad of twenties with my college buddies like
And they kept it [?] slur
[?] hammer of the dulcimer
Panorama bandana [?] smoke [?]
If did it all again never vote for her
So I read intellect always interject on my rove and passions
While the local sets have to lament on the homies passing
People sing for the burrito king free of all charges
So the state of art scape
Park is why I fought the harvest and ball the hardest

[Chorus: Busdriver]
Ooh wee keep this between you and me
I done turned into a G
Ooh wee keep this between you and me
I done turned into a G
Make you see what I see
Ooh wee keep this between you and me
I done I done I done I done I done
Ooh wee keep this between both of us
Identify nothing over us
[?] my flows when now or never, oh!

[Bridge: Busdriver]
(I am in deep space)
(Getting cookie faced)
(I am in my place)
(No you cannot find this face)
(I am in deep space)
(Getting cookie faced)
(You can't find my place)
(No you cannot find)

[Verse 3: Lorde Fredd33]
21 Jump Street, have you wheeze when everyone stomps?
Talking one call that sauce, specially when it come to that pump
But your bro don't know, get it sold on host, in this city make a bunch of nigga's foe
When the night so cold, you know
Lorde Fredd33 see the fucking world blow
Lazy niggas, crazy bitches, empty clips, and baby pictures
Told the pastor save the scriptures for the hopeless masses
Rappers act just like my son, he swear he independent
But when shit get real he call on daddy wipe his little ass
I ain't got no time to fuck around
You niggas count and say you want some deep
I got a trunk that you can drown in
Real North side shit going off
Know you wanna rep it but respect it
Fuck around and slide up on your guesses
Get to chin checking, get the message
Heard niggas tryna get back (get back)
Nigga you ain't tracked these miles
Better pick a whole new act
This is a life, not style
Cotton candy, sweet n' low, man you niggas tootsie rolls
Tootsie rolls, tootsie rolls

[Chorus: Busdriver]
Ooh wee keep this between you and me
I done turned into a G
Ooh wee keep this between you and me
I done turned into a G
Make you see what I see
Ooh wee keep this between you and me
I've done done I've done I've done

[Bridge: Busdriver]
I can do anything when I'm focused
I can do anything when I'm focused
These other times are so bogus
When they come through
(I can do anything)
(I can do anything)

[Verse 4: Lorde Fredd33]
F.R.E Double D, add it up 633
Work, work, murk and repeat
Busdriver understand  a G
Cali on my mind, I need a trip
Searching for some new mentorship
Time to level up up in this bitch
Time to level up up in this bitch

[Verse 5: Busdriver]
I can do anything that I want
When I focus on a fixed point
I could bend a spoon, I could befriend the moon
I don't think you get the point
I could make reality submit to my will
A spiritual leader I [?] grill
At the Last Supper I split the bill
I blow my life into the slit of your gills
[?] and a lone strike
[?] with a phone wipe
My authorities authorized in drone flights
Over a Southern California snow fight
Or a harvest
Don't have the courage of a [?] pearl or the entire winter break
My dinner plates are dark creams
Outside of the art scene of your British mates
Internet famous I'm a cyber student
Turn the fan club to a fighter group
Fucking with the government cables under the tables from an inspired goof
My [?] always fire proof
My defective apprentice is a reflective surface
Telling me that I need to follow suit
'Cause my product turn my mind to goo
I can do anything when I
Spread bliss with my tennis elbow
I am the king of the sand people
From an apartment in San Pedro
[?] argument
For the nuclear disarmament
While I'm looking like Mario Van Peebles
I can do anything with a car battery, wind sail
And antiquated smart phone
And medicine ball because I'm better than y'all
I know how to carve bone into an elegant picture frame
Or burgundy wash
And then put it to exactly where the physics wain
And while I dispute all of the wizards claims

I can do anything
I can do anything
I can do anything
I can do anything