{Intro, Busdriver}
Oh, shoot, it's Busdriver and Das Racist
Shoot, it's the 'driver and Das Racist (x2)

{Hook, Busdriver}
I’m the big dog you the firehydrant
I’m the big dog you the firehydrant
I’m the big dog you the firehydrant
[I keep a lot of iron in my diet…](pending)

{Verse 1, Das Racist}
Yeah, critics suduck didick
Li'l midgets, look at my middle digit
Y'all act like Chronicles of Riddick
Pop you in the eye, I don't even need spinach
???
???
Don't sweat it, chickenheads print it
I know everything they fin'na say before they said it
Mr. Smartypants, Franz Fer-die-nand
Li'l Gudda, this little dance is ours, man
Wrong man, right man, white man, black man
Stack man, running man, running man
Running on the track, man
Just tryna eat like Pac-Man
Put me in the movie or act like Hugh Jackman
Gonna make a funny like my name was Jack Black, man
But I'm really gunning for ya money like the tax man
Throw your Tascams in the trash cans
You said before you didn't hear so it's new to you
The rest is only sorta hot, like 4 o'clock
I'm on the two, or even three
Using you...to me it's sorta ???? but don't need to be (Okay)
Now, um, what kinda question will you ask me?
Be like Eminem and have back acne like ???
???
(Uhh!) and it's like me!

[[Hook]]

{Busdriver}
I call my drum machine sugar tits
It dips subwoofers quick in hooker spit
Fools refer to rap like it can be succinctly summed
With their tubes tide they choose sides
And then the feces’s flung
Thanks to it, man I’m a stinking bum
Drinking white coffee who biopsied
The bleeding gums of my teething young
Shout out to my girl
With my pinky and thumb I make her pee-pee cum
Shameful pillow talk makes her dildo squawk
So I chill in my Long Johns cozy, eating Wontons slowly
My haircut straight Jon Bon Jovi
As a kid I kissed posters
Now indie kids get big boners when I kick the misnomers
Being the only black guy in the room’s a given
Discussing it ad nauseum makes my body numb with rheumatism
Y’all be on rap, man I’m beyond rap
I just yawn at rap so turtle wax my ball sack
Hematoma at Tony Roma’s for us OG Yodas
For sitting on cozy sofas drinking soapy boba
Man I can make Parker Posey’s ovum ingest Macaulay Culkin
Then turn Sarkosy Vulcan
Because I’m that ill, man I kill to breathe
I’m so ill that I’m more than often ill-received
But we can not put cancer-ridden titties in a Wonderbra
Nor put spinners on a hover car, cause...

[[Hook]]

{Heems}

Yo brown skin dreadlocks ??? (Aight)