Germs That May Cause The Following:

[Radioinactive]
You’re the guy I read about

[Busdriver]
Here take this autographed headshot

[Radioinactive]
Thank you but I don’t do drugs

[Busdriver]
But I’m an actor
I'm in a German-speaking country

[Radioinactive]
The devil made me grow a handlebar moustache

[Busdriver]
He gave me a salad full of seasoned crush glass

[Busdriver And Radioinactive]
This product is know to prevent germs that may cause the following: ear infection
Nausea
Tuberculosis
Acne
Chaffing
Diaper-rash
Forgetfulness
Unemployment
Reckless driving
Shaky hands
Stinky feet
In-gown toenails
Coked-up 80’s band’s coat-tails
A lady’s man’s boat sail… so the homie will post bail… so the natives will blow the conch shell… so the plaintiff will hide his cottontail… I’ve made up my mind about the office sales… the defendant who lied about the carcass smell… the rigor mortis had set in… the picture portraits of dead friends… are fishing for corpses in bed pans
Who ever did my sister’s abortion’s a dead man

[Busdriver]
If I read an excerpt from the Tao of Pooh
The crowd will boo
Hiss
And complain and pout and whine
But there’s no double-threat in doing a shuffle step in a too-too
The litterbug nigga loves and buys a ticket stub
You are confusing that Mercedes Benz emblem for a peace sign
Philanthropist check clearing looks good at press hearings
And I’m mistaking that peace sign for a crosshair
Agents with earpieces tailing my Civic
I really can’t read your mind for this collect-call fair
Necktie tree hanging
Rectify pee-braining
Me and my networking yuppie friends
Xeroxing our resumes in 1… 2..
3..
4…

[Radioinactive]
This product known to prevent-

According to the status of my migraine
You've been surveying me in your spy plane
I'm a secret agent with a speaker fragrance and I have a secret cage in my frequent conversations and frequent flyer miles and my little ankle wings
And even when a liar smiles
There's people eating spider bile with sequined aprons for the purpose of treating their hyper child