[Intro: Rob Sonic]

Same stop, different seat
Wait, watch, and then repeat
Days, doctor, you believe
In the face of The Fathers that have made it holy

Hey, doctor is it me?
Or are they flocking to the sheep?
Great Scott, are we asleep?
Cause it seems like I got a mouth full of no teeth

[Verse 1: Rob Sonic]

Jimmy placed his nickels in the token booth
And his everything bagel in his open soup
Checking out his numbers in the postal proof
He only missed by one, so he's 0-for-2

Heading to the late shift grave in bull
Whistling the break from Paid in Full
On the train, stepped, when he made his move
And grew a J-O-B in basic blue

Tried to keep the rust from touching faith
Coulda got somewhere, but he runs in place
Now, he's back on the wagon for a month, one day
And an hour, into lunch, until he's tucked away

Up at dawn, he had a smoke, fed his cat
His half of toast, made a face
And grabbed a roach. Took a pill
That made him laugh, so he could last 'til close

Used to burn buildings, now his pieces go
From the bottom of a bic to receipts in rolls
No cans, no crews, no more beef bestowed
Waitin' on a D for, at least, ten toes

[Verse 2: Rob Sonic]

She sat across chewing Juicy Fruit
Ear-ringed lobes that were loosely hooped
Shearling coat, with a toothy mood
The raven-black matched her Gucci suit

He hustled in with his patient plan
Doorway down, with a lazy stance
Ignore the cops and the shaking can
A quarter's not going to change your pants

He caught her eye, so she moved her ring
Smiled a bit, like "this bird can sing"
And took a cue, and he cut the length
"Do you like trains? Cause I love these things."

[Dialog Sample]

[:Man] "Excuse me, um, but I wonder if you'd tell me where you get your hair done?"
[:Woman] "What?"
[:Man] "Your hair is perfect, I'd like to know where you get it done."
[:Man] "It's uh, it's beautiful and it's perfect for the job."
[:Woman] "Perfect for what job?"

[Dialog Sample]

[:Narrator] "A second ago, this groovy chick was just a girl in his dreams."

[Verse 3: Rob Sonic]

Anyway, they hit it off and trusted fate
And they transferred over to the Uptown 8
Headed to her place, that she said was brightened
By the trees on the corner, and a block from Dyckman

Knew the place well from his days with paint, but
Figured it was chill, and them crews had changed-up
Just like him, had jobs they hated
And were no longer on-point, and stayed mostly faded

Oh, she rated.  Tens, he scored her
And wouldn't really care if he caught one for her
All his thoughts were the dame he picked-up
Game was Atari, and the way she Dig-Dugged!

Doors were open, time to exit
A dude stepped to him with a diamond necklace
Read his checklist, knew maneuvers
And hit him with a two-piece tooth-remover

Thing was laughing, he lay there bleeding
And his ground control was not receiving
As she was leaving, he lost his mind
And gave her one big push for all mankind

[Dialog Sample] X 8

[:Man] "Push that girl in front of the train."