[Intro]:
Oooh girl. We might need an extra rig for all that you're carrying there. Big Ben you got your ears on? I got the Playboy...I got the Playboy mudflaps. I got the Playboy mudflaps and the dice on the mirror. And the Jack Daniels wood paneling...and my bed. C'mon

[Verse One]
Anyone alive wanna stop by my cage?
Fill me full of pills and give me chills, pop and shades
Drive me to thinkin', drink the Gil shot and chase
Get down with acid tablets and distilled model paste
Anyone at all wanna answer the bell?
I got the Bible and the vacuums and lanyards as well
Razors and the two ways and some van timing belts
Magic kits and cabbage kids with cancer to sell
Anybody outside wanna stop by the store
Get me some sleep, refreshment and some Budweiser quarts
Don't forget the pantyhose and sun visors for
The money in the safe and the gun by the door
Anybody with time wanna ??
Passing by me salty and my staff's not a joke
Fire in the hole and my mask kinda smoked
You can see the sharks are kinda hungry through the glass bottom boat
Anyone who rolls wanna throw me the dice?
When the big money companies are closed weekend nights
We can rummage through the garbage and get both free advice
On how to fuck the world up and get groceries at price
Anybody who can try to get me some work
Cause I look for something better but my friends found it first
Tie dyed toking in the trend flowered shirt
Turn the children into army men with pretend howitzers
Anyone who knows you should show me the way
To the white light deacons and the freak motor cage
If I don't receive my halo when I reach golden gates
Then I'll fly with the Red Barons when I breach outer space
Anyone inside can you break me apart?
Take me to your leader and then make me a mark
A notch in the belt, melt a piece by the park
When I'm burning down the house, fuck it deep fry the funk

[Hook]
My eyelids are poised
My ears are on boys
C.B. squelching with lexicon noise
I started on to Rome and I'm just beyond Troy
So don't start no trouble or rock the convoy

Oh no no no
Oh no no no
OH no no no
Oh no no no

[Verse Two]
Zoomin' through the Apple when I roll with the top down
?? quiet driver, stop now
Thanks for the memories, kennel fees and lock downs
It's not that I don't like you I'm just not good with names
This is just insane but there's pit falling back
The arms that caught me once have all been ripped off and packed
Ghetto copped a plea to the tea pot black
And how many of us here work like dogs everyday
This is just the way we build machines for the war
And when the time has come they be like, "Please order more"
Sellin' death to the house, why should they scream door to door?
I'd rather leave here awkward than to not walk away
Anyone ?? as I'm sittin' on the dock like Guantanamo Bay
Simon start to mingle while cops fiddle play
While I'm chained to my bad for my hospital stay

[Hook]