[Intro]
Gucci to warm
2 Chains
Go!

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
It's Gucci to warm
I'm tryna fuck me 2 cousins
I turn em' out of their living
I turn em' into new cousins
I think I'm buzzing, I'm tripping, My prescription need fixing!
I got a codeine addiction, What the hell I admit it!
I got a playboy subscription, I might check out them bitches
After stripper went broke, Ima slap one em' bitches
I got a cocaine connection, buy the cheapest on chicken
But he a stubborn lil' bastard, you gotta pay him his ticket
I got a chick that be boostin', 'Give me Gucci and Fendi'
I pay for that, but the pussy and head don't cost me a penny
I think I'm gone of this pack, this shit a hell of a stash
I need to get me a mask, cause they keep rollin' up gas
It's Gucci!

[Hook]
Seafood, fish scale, where the crook cook? It's just another recipie out the cookbook
Seafood, fish scale, where the crook cook? It's just another recipie out the cookbook

[Verse 2: Yo Gotti]
Today I'm cooking yams, yesterday was greens
I take dirty money try to make it clean
Shoebox full of 20's, spent that on a watch
One thing bout' my menu, we never sellin squash
I was fifteen, out there selling rocks
Running back and forth the cars tryna duck the narcs
Fish scale odour, it's just straight yola
When this shit glitter, it take's the most soda
5 bricks, 50 p's in the Toyota
Baby mama driving, I hope she don't get pulled over
If she do she know the biz, I only fuck with soldiers
She ain't got shit to say...... Just like I told her

[Hook]
Seafood, fish scale, where the crook cook? It's just another recipie out the cookbook
Seafood, fish scale, where the crook cook? It's just another recipie out the cookbook

[Verse 3: Gucci Mane]
He say he hotter than La Flare, then he gotta prove it
I put shoes on my old school, just to do it
From a Buick to a Beamer coupe, I had to lose it
I lost the top and left the lot, playing Gospel music (Sike!)
Nah I'm lying, I was listening to that Boosie
Ice cream Gucci, you can call me bluey
Light hit the ice, and you can call me huey
Girls sticking to the kid, cause my game gluey
Before for that I choke a hoe down, Patrick Ewing
And I ain't talking to the law, I ain't do the shooting
You guys gotta get on ya job, you gotta prove it
I'm gone with this firearm, I might just abuse it!

[Hook]
Seafood, fish scale, where the crook cook? It's just another recipie out the cookbook
Seafood, fish scale, where the crook cook? It's just another recipie out the cookbook