I bought my momma a bently mulsanne. and i sat it on 40's
I looked at a picture of my best friend KARLA and I said damn that girl gourges. back when I couldn't wear these louboutins I used to wear jordans. I live in a mansion, I covered the wall with monalisa portraits. if you drink to much of this syrup you won't wake up to the morning. niggas thought I was just a rapper until I shot at a informant. I might have to knock out  a couple of niggas when im on the stage performing. I went to Englang to buy some shoes Belgium and France thought I was touring. don't need no pencil or no pad when im in the booth recording. im slick rick in my streets they telling the children them stories. Winter haven used to be the jungle, now we call It the forest. 1 love the label, we the new death row my nigga come join us. before that rollie was that Jacob cause I couldn't afford it. im just keeping it 100 niggas lying and stories.  my best friend she beautiful like diamonds from Africa. im sipping and dabbing. fresh like a manican. got niggas panicing




Im getting the money, im passionate. gotta mansion, with lots of capacity. when it come to rapping, im the king say your majesty. im sipping lean like a deckory the 40 im packing it. these girl attacking me like they animals. rappers be biting me. I think that they are carnivore. I made half a million had to feed the poor. I wrote a song about my best friend, I can't believe it went gold and I bought a studio and my sister porshe. im fucking your bitch from the back and her ass poking out like a horse. she sucking the dick. so she sitting on the floor, and she telling me that her knees are sore. I was 13 when a nigga jumped off the porch. now im 14 gotta mansion golf course. I got a bugotti, fararri, and I smoke exotic while im riding. on molly excited. run up on me. my young niggas gone catch a body.if you think im wrong than pull up bullet hit you and the witnesses my best friend not a citizen purto rican, indian, domican. I call her a immigrant. I love my best friend and if you don't like her you pevious.. take you back like its previous, I was kicking doors. and now my criminal record is hideous. all my niggas guilty and no body innocent.. get rich or die trying like 50 cent. nigga pushed me down. I got back up and I hit him with the hennisy. he pulled up on me shooting, but the bullets not hitting me. I hit him in his shoulder.. my sister hit him in his jaw.. and he sued me and gotta couple benjamins.. I called up the plug now his body floating in tennesee..I get 50 thousand a show because everybody feeling me.. choppa in the car I might pull up on my enemy.. niggas trying to get rid of me.. gotta be kidding me.. best friend don't even speak to me. and I don't know why.. lil kids they look up to me, cause a nigga be fly.. karla im making this one up to you it drop the 13th of july..

Gone..