Hook:
2X-Catch me vibe' in Miami. Bad bitch living fancy
I'm the youngest nigga living now. Hater niggas Can't stand me
Cop a house for my granny, then I go and win a grammy
Five star hotel room with a chick and she take off her panties

Verse 1:
I work hard for my family. They ride hard like a banshee
Got the game on lock from Miami all the way to Delancey
Got a bitch with me she tasting like candy
You got now wave for you it looking sandy
I'm a stay fly and you know I'm not landing
Focused on money you know its expanding
So that means real soon I'm driving a phantom
If they talk shit then you know that we blam em'
Tell her I love her then she call me random
I still go fuck her cause she know I'm handsome
Then hit the beach and you know that we tannin'
Five star restaurant eating the salmon
We hit the room then I pull out the cannon
Then hit a flight and we out to Atlanta. Aye!
I don't really know her name, I just call the chick Tammy
I be riding all exclusive shit, you be riding in a Camry
I only ride foreign whips, cause this shit be coming handy
I be laughing to the bank though, feeling like I'm Trill Sammy. Cash!

Hook:
2X-Catch me vibe' in Miami. Bad bitch living fancy
I'm the youngest nigga living now. Hater niggas Can't stand me
Cop a house for my granny, then I go and win a grammy
Five star hotel room with a chick and she take off her panties

Verse 2:
I be riding in a Bently. Feeling on that pussy gently
Shorty be looking so sexy, I could tell she want to sex me
By the way she go and text me. Baby she kiss and caress me
That is your chick but don't tempt me
My niggas bring out the semis. Blow! Blow!
You got chopped up like machetes
Niggas they claiming they want beef, then they be soft like a teddy
Carry a lot of choppers riding heavy
They offer the deal then I sign I be ready
They want the fame and I only want fetty
My wave is too high and it float through your levi
I'm living my dream no nightmare like Freddy
I collect coins and collecting the pennies
I'm on a wave like I'm sipping on Henny
They acting friendly but they want to end me
Call up my niggas the scene it turn deadly
Then scoop up your shorty we hitting the telly
Feel on her ass and its soft like its jelly
Hit it so good she could never forget me
She grab on my eat like we hitting the deli!!!

Hook:
2X-Catch me vibe' in Miami. Bad bitch living fancy
I'm the youngest nigga living now. Hater niggas Can't stand me
Cop a house for my granny, then I go and win a grammy
Five star hotel room with a chick and she take off her panties