[Verse1:Clinton:king 4]   ok King 4 you got Jkeem, Kellen, Me, and Quan
And we street niggas so you know we carry guns...
The choppa make a nigga run.. all my niggas trap and all my niggas carry bombs..
Nigga talk stupid.. bullet coming for your tounge .. and ill kill you and get off cause King 1 gone pay bond..
We got King 2 and 3 and they will kill you for fun
No mullah gang but you know that we are the ones..
I pull up and my diamonds they shine like the sun..
Im fucking your bitch your child is my step son..
Okay.. King 4 we are shooter we will turn you into waiste..
We got King 1 that quan he will shoot you in your face..
And we play with the bitch feeling like they are a bass guitar..
Never knew rappin could take us they far.. im not biggie or 2Pac but rapping bout my mama a car
And a house.. I got a wolf chinchilla it look like a mouse.. go to 5 star resturaunts no eating at the house..
The plug send me bricks I hide them in a couch.. shout out to king 1 king 2 and 3.. im king 4 if I have to tell you again..
They wondering is this where we stop.... no nigga this is where we gone begin..


[hook: King 2]  We just beginning...  We just beginning
Nahh we not gone end this.. this the beginning King 4 ain't finish..



[Verse2: King 2] I just told you in the hook we ain't finish..
I pull up in bentlys..  my but my smile still exspensive.. I pull up to your block with extensions..
If these niggas want it King 4 say come get it.. we all in your bitch mouth like we is a dentist..  we are not young thug but our shoes are Givenchy.. run up on me ima hit you with the new ak 50..
They said we was broke till they send the custom made rarri its limited edition.. now when we pull up niggas be in they feelings..
Im not rich homie but my money touch the ceiling...
Im not lil wayne but I want me a million..
This not the end boy this just the beginning..
Im  gone have a trillion before I am finish.. im flexing on niggas like pop eye with spinach... these bitches  they love me but I don't got feeling.. im richer than Richie and that's why these niggas filled up with envy.. if you sneak dissing we gone come to your city with extension.. best believe we got it..
We gone pull up on you we don't care what they say about you...
(glaw glaw glaw) now your body rotton.. King 4 the gang can't no body stop it... if we want your dead then your body dropping because my nigga King 1 is gone hop on the mission.. my niggas king 3 and 4 yea we out there we killing... we got plenty money but we still finessing and stealing.. we trying to get out the hood do you feel me.. this why we not gone stop we beginning..