[Intro]
Oh, Jefe, bitch
Glizzy Gang for life
I only want shooters and hustlers around me
No rest allowed, no broke boys

[Verse 1]
I'm 'bout to go a fool on 'em
Mama called me, told me I got two on
Bitch i'm still ridin' with that tool on me
A nigga play, I gotta make a move on him
Got some foreign bitches playin' simon says
I said baby cook the dope up in the microwave
Moonwalking to the trap just like Michael J
Young nigga don't get snatched out for your Michael J
Uh, ever since I was a young nigga
I thought this gangsta shit was really fun nigga
Until I started playin' with them guns nigga
You lookin' for a lick, I ain't the one nigga

[Hook]
Think about it, c'mon baby won't you think about it?
Who the realest nigga any way you think about it?
Who the realest when you think about it?
All the money that I'm gettin', I can't think about it
When I spend it I don't think about it
Who the realest nigga any way you think about it?
Who the realest when you think about it? Yeah-ah

[Verse 2]
We turnin' up for Mari bitch like every day
I think 'bout coppin' that ride bitch like every day
I keep them twin Glizzys, call 'em Mary Kate
Ridin' 'round, just me and K, we smokin' Mary J
Dom P, Ace of Spades when we thirsty
Fuck them niggas and I mean that in the worst way
She gotta go if she ain't fuckin' on the first day
She said that ain't her style, bitch it's your birthday
If she give me head, ooh she a nurse, ay
Birkin bag Hérmes, that's what her purse say
Jefe out here thuggin' just like Turk said
Four five at your head, boom, earthquake
Your bitch is a catfish and my bitch a dime
Them ain't no friends of mine, glad I didn't sign
I done bust out my Rolex, boy look at the time
And I'm screaming out that GG like a Gucci sign

[Hook]
Think about it, c'mon baby won't you think about it?
Who the realest nigga any way you think about it?
Who the realest when you think about it?
All the money that I'm gettin', I can't think about it
When I spend it I don't think about it
Who the realest nigga any way you think about it?
Who the realest when you think about it? Yeah-ah