Funky
Funky
Funky (scratched)
Funky (scratched)

[Verse 1]
No one knows, but I've been here for a while
I was sitting in the back playing a low profile
Then like expected, well my name would be paged
"Would the rapper Dana Dane please come to the stage?"
Well I slid my seat back still cool, relaxed
Stood up on my feet, gave a tilt to my hat
To the front I walked, yes, still unnoticed
Up on the stage all the eyes would be focused
Then from the left the girlies caught their breath
And said, "There goes the Dane.  He sure looks Fresh"
Now a posse clocked me saying they could rock me?
Mad 'cause the girlies called and they flocked me
But that didn't phase me
They must of been crazy
Forget about the guys, see, I came for the ladies
And to grab the mic, right?
Hold it tight, like
Recite a hyped type rhyme that I write
And if I may and if I might
Give a little bit of myself tonight

[Hook]
(funky)
Just a little bit of Dane tonight (funky)
Makes you feel alright (ain't it funky)
Just a little Dana rocking you tonight
Makes you want to hold on tight (funky)

[Verse 2]
Now, mic in hand and the people cheered me
"One, two.  One, two. Can everyone hear me?"
"YES" (audience shouting)
So let the party begin
As Clark cuts the record like a swordsman
To a worlwide rhythm that I'll be sporting
Dropped on point by producer Fresh Gordon
I came here to share my lyrical flair
Dana Dane Forever, rapper extraordinaire
Now girls flocked in numbers
And they cry my name
Saying, "He's the [?]" and "We love Dane!"
I couldn't resist. Yeah, I blew them a kiss
"That was for me!"
"No it wasn't you ..."
Hey, no need to fight, so I blew them another
A fella on the side said, "F the mother"
But I told him, "Don't mess with me
You know who the best to be
Listen to the radio, your mother requested me"
I've got a talent, a style, I'm gifted
Those who riff, well, it's time you get lifted
But I didn't come here to fuss or to fight
But to give a little bit of myself tonight

[Hook]
Just a little bit of Dane tonight
Makes you feel alright (ain't it funky)
Just a little Dana rocking you tonight
Makes you want to hold on tight (funky)
Just a little bit of Dane tonight
Makes you feel alright (ain't it funky)
(one, two, three, four, hit it)

[Verse 3]
Well, well, well, the party's heated now
There's no reason for you all to be seated now
Guys, girls do the latest dance move
Those who can't dance well bob to this smooth move
I drive [?] straight up [?]
Is it R&B or cold hard hip-hop?
It doesn't really matter, just have a good time
You better get yours, 'cause I'm sure to get mine
You never thought the Dane would be this large again my brother?
Bring it on up, I'll sign your album cover
But hold your girl 'cause I think she's jocking me
Can't you tell by the way that she's clocking me?
Well, at least she's got the right idea
And we can get busy when I'm finished here
'Cause she knows how to get things done right
Just get a little bit of the Dane tonight

[Hook x7]