[Hook]
Love at first sight
Is it forever or fly by night?
Love at first sight
Who's to say it's wrong or right?

[Repeat Hook]

[Intro]
Hello?  Yes, this is Dana.  Who's speaking?
Oh, Jackie!  How you doing?
It's been a long time hasn't it?
Nah, there'll be none of that babe
My plan leaves in about an hour
I don't think so
My tour starts when I get back
But, um... thanks for calling anyway
It's been nice knowing you, well it was nice knowing you
You take care of yourself
Oh, and don't give out my number
Thanks

[Verse 1]
Now I can still remember when we first met
It was one day that I would never forget
Six o'clock the approximate hour
Not really cloudy, expecting sun showers
I was taking a stroll halfway cross town
Then like expected the rain came down
I picked up my pace
For home base I raced
Ran into a soft object in my haste
On the ground we faced
Her in silk and lace
And with my eyes, her body I slowly cased
The pouring rain had drenched her dress
But I loved the way the cloth had clinged and caressed
"Excuse me", that was my first words spoke
Stood her up on her feet and gave her my trench coat
Somehow it happened while I covered her back
When her eyes and mine first made contact
The looks we gave changed the way we were
Now it was us and not me and her
Well, you wouldn't understand, well maybe you might
I guess you would call it love at first sight

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Now even the rain pour was easy to ignore
Only this young lady is what I saw
She was a sweet female, tender not frail
Other words beautiful, no need for details
I introduced myself, "Hi, my name is Dane
Can I get you out of this pouring rain?"
"Sure," she said.  "By the way, I'm Jackie."
Staring at me as I hailed down the taxi
We jumped in. The cab slowly moved off
She was holding my hand and it felt so soft
Now on my ear she gently chewed
And I knew it was more than just gratitude
I took it upon myself to take her to my house
I guess she didn't mind because her clothes were doused
Paid the cab his fee
Took out my house keys
Opened up the door, said "Enter please"
Took her to the bathroom, said "Hang your clothes on the line"
And gave her one of my shirts from Calvin Klein
Went to my room took off my wet wardrobe
I freshened up a bit and put on my silk robe
We met in the front near the roaring flames
Where we sat quietly sipping on champagne
Her eyes said "Thanks" beyond the use of words
And the crackling flame was all I heard
It felt as though we were on our honeymoon
As we moved from the front into the bedroom
We made passion love the night we met
And by the time we fell asleep there were no regrets
Well, you wouldn't understand, well maybe you might
I guess you would call it love at first sight

[Hook x2]

[Verse 3]
I woke up the next morning.  She was not there
Maybe she's fixing breakfast or doing her hair
I got out of my bed, threw on me house coat
When I noticed on the mirror she'd left a note
Saying, "Sorry Dane, I could not stay
Please meet me 1 o'clock where we met yesterday."
Well, I had time.  Two hours and a half
So I laid out my clothes and took a bath
I ate a good breakfast, had time to spare
So then I got dressed and I dally over there
I reached my destination not a cloud in sight
It was cool, kinda windy, but the sun was bright
Now I was on time, but she didn't show
And that was about twenty minutes ago
I stayed a little longer, about a half an hour
Felt a raindrop, maybe it's a sun shower
I was soon to see that my thoughts were wrong
Because the raindrop became an all-out storm
And there I was standing in the rain
And the lady that I looked for never came
Well, I was hurt and it showed in my face
As I tracked in the rain backed to my place
Slowly I walked hoping to bump into her
Me be in love? Nah, I barely knew her
I got home angry and depressed
And my Bally shoes were a total mess
But that was the last thing on my mind
As I sat on the couch staring into time
Well, I had her number and she had mine
But if she really wanted me she would have dropped me a line
But day after day and weeks went by
But she didn't call even to say, "Hi"
I would have called her first, but I've got my pride
"And I really don't care", to myself I lied
Now, there was no reason for me to be sad
Just remember that good time that we had
'Cause I learned a little something that you should know
To keep some things you got to let them go
Well, you wouldn't understand, well maybe you might
I guess you would call it love at first sight

[Hook x2]

[Outro]
... Well it was nice knowing you
You take care of yourself
Oh, and don't give out my number
Thanks