[MC Delite]
Yo, you know my rhythm stands tall
So how many more brothers must fall?
Count of the bodies that die by the Bush
Over the edge— another sucker's being pushed
Eyes wide open but since it still shut
You say "so what" cause you earning you some bucks
You try to change the channel and right on the same block

We interupt this broadcast [?]

[Daddy-O]
News flash— brand new headline
Folks start dying from food off the cheese line
Could be it was USDA?
Unsanitary surplus DK?
And everyone that got it, got it good
And it killed the whole neighborhood
Now think— was it really food for free?
Or was it G-E-N-O-C-I-D-E?

[MC Delite]
Now here come my bass as we shoot to excel
Right for the hype and you had to raise a bell
Time to tune in— no doubts or maybes
Wake the fuck up cause it's a conscious party
Shake, rap, and roll, as we serve a loud boom
To clear is our picture, so please stay tuned
Our fly rhymes swung for the young and the violent
While mindless reporters are caught in his tyrants
[Daddy-O]
Revolution and war, and the world's is in an uproar
The blacks still sleep thinking they're black sheep
And so maybe...
Through efforts made by Garvey and Malcom
We'll spread wings like a falcon
And maybe not
On your screen it's all just a plot
If you believe Roots then you got got
So take seriously what they read and write you
Poisonous snakes will bite you, Black

[MC Delite]
As the world turns the young are buried in defeat
Thought he had to prove, he was funky as the beat
Went out with a blast, crack vials at his feet
Pushin up daisies cause he played his life cheap
Now look into the two, the writing's on the wall
I ask you "how many brothers must fall?"
From the same sequel, I think of my people
Another dead brother who died illegal
[Daddy-O]
On the top of a hill— a sunny day in California
A seance is held, and the spirits that dwell there
Don't necessairly have your best interest
But you don't care, you want to be the best dressed
Now, as you button your Fendi suit
You turn on Channel 5 and see that no one survived
Results of an experiment held in watts on brainwaves
Guess who got played? So we say...

[MC Delite & Daddy-O]
Strings are being tied, strings are being pulled
While we concentrate on a breeding of a pitbull
You mean a dog? Why not a monkey?
Yo, fuck that D, this be the funky
And every time we rhyme we put a head out
And in the soul alive I put the STET out
Because rhyme for rhyme, you mean mind for mind
We teach truth, stay tuned 'til next time