[Hook: Stro the MC]
Yeah, yeah
Say what, say what (uh)

[Chorus: Slick Rick]
You didn't know?
Come steal and rob!
You didn't know?
Come steal and rob!
You didn't know?
Come steal and rob! (yeah)
You didn't know?
Come steal and rob!

[Verse 1: Stro the MC]
They probably call us oldschool cause a nigga ain't mumbling
Or say I'm stuck in the past because I'm saying something
My mic mechanisms show the Mecca in 'em
Star quality in my jeans
I'm a G, I'm better denim
By far, I'm trying to takeoff
Or fly bars
My money too short like [?]
B-I-ITCH, no
They don't wanna see y'all rich
My hustle grand like T.I. clip
Y'all look tiny like T.I. chick, minuscule
Fresh malice looking like a lit middle school
Catch me in the class that won't last?
Hell no!
Them niggas look like they be licking on they elbow
I spit medicine, you doubting, I can heal you
I thought I saw a doctor trying to milk the pot filter
For real, so with or without a deal
Ima stay colorful like Yachty grill
Look I got a platform pray I don't blow it
I'm verified but my pussy rate don't show it
I don't got bands, she gone
She wouldn't ride a drumstick
Rather sex over the phone
I'm too horny to play with you
I might hit it with keys on
Symbol that I ain't come to stay with you
That heartbreak turn me to a savage
I want love but don't got the apparatus
I'm in the back man, smoking cabbage
Was it my style 'til reality turn hostile
Smile disappeared that's pop's style
I still gotta show love, he could have left me on the towel
Yo, imagine the greatest rapper, in the wrapper, in the trash
The game needed me so he probably came fast
Rap world you're welcome
I'm fresh you're all bums I'm trying to sell something
See these bars not to be played with, fucked with, or laid with
Faded, or duplicated
I'd rather be the most hated
Y'all the most sus and your fiends won't say it
Everybody trying to profit off my shit
Creator of the hip hop doctrine
We came to collect G's, us, we keep it the blackest
Even when we sipping grape juice with the crackers
Gotta remember the ghetto
Funny you got to get rid of the dumb plans in order to get dough
My niggas weren't with me you know I'm a pig pal, I send it through Venmo
Compared to my temple, these niggas ain't been slow
They calling me enzo
You could tell that they young and got drive like a foreign
Y'all boring, every place I show out like I'm touring
Might catch me Chrissy dozing with your whore and
If I take a chick to a flick I'm scoring
Okay, I ran out of shit to say
I got to be sitting clean
I get it by any means
Even if I'm posted with the Tec in the Malcolm X specs
You get your claiming that I'm not next
Rex in the fact might have to put a hex on the game
Too many new jackses getting fame
I never went viral but I'm critically acclaimed
And once I meet hoes, shit will never be the same and
(Oh my fucking gosh man)
Too many MCs
Who do you believe?
I think I'ma leave
No fuck it I'm staying
The culture the king
I'm politic hating
I'm feeling like Baby no paying my way
And the fuckers are saying
"I dig, everybody got bills
So they putting out wack shit trying to get the deal
But you don't got to rap you could always get a job
And if that don't work nigga steal and rob." (Fuck it)

[Chorus: Slick Rick]
You didn't know? Come steal and rob! (That's fucked up I know)
You didn't know? Come steal and rob!
You didn't know? Come steal and rob! (Y'all niggas messing up the game though man)
You didn't know? Come steal and rob! (Yeah yeah)
You didn't know? Come steal and rob!
You didn't know? Come steal and rob!
You didn't know? Come steal and rob!
You didn't know? Come steal and rob!