[Verse 1: Serengeti]
In UFC 3 he choked a man with his Gi
Lost his grip though and got hit with the knee
Highlight reel the way he pleaded with the referee
Swore he wasn't knocked out, even with his lights out
In UFC 4, arm barred by Igor
Said he never tapped, the pain was too much to endure
Disappointed, never get into the octagon
Lived a quiet life in the southwest with his step-mom

[Verse 2: Serengeti]
Around UFC 38 he tried to get back in shape
Give it another shot; under-hooks and learn to dirty box
But while training he popped his MCL
Said he's too old to put his body through this much hell
But in UFC 3 he choked a man with his gi
If he just would have held on or avoided the knee
What-ifs, not everyone can win championships
With that known is it better to not even attempt?

[Sample] (yes?)

[Verse 3: Serengeti]
Around UFC 10 he fell in love with the wren
Built little cages so they can go out and in
Around then he stopped going to the gym
Said he had other priorities he'd like to get in
Instead of training, something a little more simple
For years he watched the flying beasts stop by his window
So pretty, the way they danced by the mint bushes
A far cry from double X when he pull you pushes
Around UFC 36 was the death of the wren Mitch
He felt so sad he buried him by his dad
Confused the things he loved in life were gone
Still in the south-west just him and his step-mom
Around UFC 38 he tried to get back in shape
Was tired of Arizona and wanted to get his own place
The years off finally caught up with him
If he just would have stayed focused he might of notched a win
Maybe he could have opened his own gym

[Yelled] (Shit! Shit!)
[Verse 4: Serengeti]
Around UFC 79 he fell in love with red wine
At the local bar idols, he'd watch fights all the time
Wall of fame; a framed photo from when he used to train
Decided to stay with his step-mom and help her through minor back-pain
Fight night at Idol's
The place is packed with hot shots
And wannabes and tough guys who wanna see what the vets got
Hey washout, you still think you weren't knocked out?
He replied, you don't know anything what the octagon's about
Oh yeah, old man, lets step outside
It was after a few Merlots so the challenge he obliged
He Walked out first and was attacked from the back
Rear naked choke sunk deep it knocked off his hat
Flashback to the UFC 3
Where if he just would have held on to the technique with the gi
Nightmares about where his life be
Reversed it this time and knocked the punk out with his knee

[Outro: Serengeti]
And winner by K.O. Hailing from Battle Creek, Michigan
Residing in Scottsdale Arizona
Gary 'The Whip' Wooooooooorsh!
GARY 'THE WHIP' WOOOOOOOOOOOORSH!
Give it up... FOR THE WHIP!

*Whipping/punching sounds**