[Intro]
Yeah, and if I died in your arms tonight
They say just like the Corinthians, you know
Paul wrote he said, "Man I die every day"
Ya know, time movin so fast, youknow'msayin
A day on Earth like a thousand years in heaven
Ya know, dependin on how you livin it's like
Where yo' bread at? Where yo' leather, youknowhatI'msayin?
A lot of motherfuckers out here goin shoppin
And I be tellin people about the West side
And let 'em know what's goin on over there man
Spirits man, it's a spiritual thing

[Bizzy Bone]
How can I make the spirits understand
That I am just not to be tested by the outer man
And everything that we can't comprehend
Is not a mystery that God drinks champagne, Moet, share Dom
Baby girl sayin that there's imperial, watchin the tube
Store up the blunt, please don't get it confused
Slurred your speech love or follow the rules, home of the tomb
Shake yo' stick; these playa haters don't know shit
What do you do, when the homeboys try to play you?
Get some new homeboys or just ride as a playa?
When the prayer in the system the Father, the force revolvin
Any problem we can solve it, if we want it then it's ours then
I say the blessings manifested from God
Don't get it twisted, this the Heavenly month
I see these bitches tryin to trick you, they trickly movin quickly
And it's movin to the swiftly - hehe, man it's cool, heh

[Interlude]
Yeah, what if I died tonight?
In your arms, in your arms
What if I died tonight...
It's all good, it's all hood
Oh baby it's on, for sho'
Yeah, you know what it is
One time for your mind pimpin

[Bizzy Bone]
All good, all hood, aw baby it's on
You don't have to worry about your title, it's vital beyond the bone
Believe in the one - in the name of the Father
The Son and the Holy Spirit baby we must confess with our tongues
Play it to give it, I think we fit to havin some fun
Load up some funs, get a cab and baby fuck those guns

[Interlude]
Yeah, what if I died?
What if I died in your arms tonight, arms tonight?
It's like Paul said man, I die every day man
See, it's like a, a day on Earth is a, like a thousand years in Heaven
Youknow'msayin? What if I, what if I died tonight?
What if I...

[Bizzy Bone]
I really don't know what you want me to say
I really don't know what you want me to do
But just get away from here, and only the Lord can guide me
Okay, you don't want me to stay and I can't wait
They say don't turn around cause again, you know what it is
Get away from here, heh heh heh heh, heh
And only the Lord can guide me, can I tell you all?
Do they keep throwin up twos
I will never understand why they do what they do
Go tell 'em they need to get all the freedom
From the normal evil world and take the time
Without whylin out and of course
They gotta watch out when they cast they pearls
That's because I love you, you know that I'm not gonna hurt you
All in, you're never alone, one true soldier
Until the story's over, crossroads, cross toes, hit 'em with a crossbow
Remember baby it's on, and that's because I love you

[Outro]
What if I died in your arms tonight?
What if I died in your arms tonight?
Yeah, what if I, what if I, what if I
Stay out the wonderment with them X's and the Y's and the chromosomes
Real choose, real game for you motherfuckers
Hol-la back, you know how we do it
They say like, a day on Earth is like a thousand years in heaven
Is your grill leveled? Yeah, what if I died?
What if I, what if I, what if I, what if I
Stay out that wonderment I'm tellin you baby
Come up out that tree, don't even trip
Don't even ask no questions, that's what it is
That question mark, y'knowmsayin?
That unknown, man that's where that shit come in
And that shit start gettin broken down to the fullest
Y'know what it is, representatives
We have an aide, we have a path
We have a road that we have taken with this music, with this movement
One true God and we will never betray that
In the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit amen
If you don't stand for somethin, ya ass'll fall for anythang
Holla back

What if I - haha I told you quit askin that question man!