[Bizzy Bone]
Yeah this for the cowboys and the cowgirls out there, yeah

[Devin Oliver]
Will you keep me around and around and around. How do you keep me around?

[Verse 1: Bizzy Bone]
You know I'm just a cowboy, you know I'm just a cowboy. And I'll be out every night on the town. You come around when
I'm down girl, how girl do you keep me around and around and around.[x2]

You know I like to play, and fuck, and get drunk, and smoke drugs
With the boys in the club in the back fucked up and I don't fight
With a bitch I'll laugh and just leave had a broad on the trail, take the sail
Just believe. Did you stay with me, come play with me, make me tell the truth?
Do you really even know I don't really love you. I don't really love me
So how could this be you waist your time on a wretch just the sex that sweet
I'm just a cowboy I'm making money daily. Had a problem with my new thing not thinking of your family
Cause' really I don't need a women I don't need a friend
Bend over backwards for a women and she'll find another man. I met em' all down to
Hood girls, hustlers in the world, every mama wanna ball so I ball out on the curb
And still I've seen nothing, no nothing that brings nothing, so I'm tryna' get ya something
That's not gonna get ya nothing

[Hook]
You know I'm just a cowboy, you know I'm just a cowboy
And I'll be out every night on the town. You come around when
I'm down girl, how girl do you keep me around and around and around. [x2]

[Bridge]
I'm married to the money, I'm married to the money
I'm married to the game, I'm married to the game
I'm married to the money, I'm married to the money
Still the same ol' G. Still the same ol' G. [x2]

[Verse 2: Devin Oliver]
And girl you know you gotta fall back (fall back.) And no I'm never ever gonna call back
You know that I'm attached to the stacks and fat track
I like your dedicated hard to fall back
And you know I ignore what's right in front of me
The money, cars and clothes have got the best of me
I'm a cowboy your my ecstasy, so get off cause' no one rides with me
Seeing when I'm in the worst and you know that your the best but
I can't choose one girrrrrrrl

[Hook]
You know I'm just a cowboy (it's a life that you can't replace.)
And I'll be out every night on the town you come around when I'm down girl
How girl do you keep me around and around and around. You know I'm just a cowboy
You know I'm just a cowboy and I'll be out every night on the town you come around
When I'm down girl how girl do you keep me around and around and around and around and around

I'm married to the money, I'm married to the money
I'm married to the game, I'm married to the game
I'm married to the money, I'm married to the money
Still the same ol' G. Still the same ol' G

[Hook]
(til' fade)