[Intro: Bizzy]
Bizzy Bone, you know what it is baby
After Platinum Records
Let's get this money '07 style

[Hook: Bizzy Bone]
Mon-eyyyyyyyyyy (yeah, yeah, yeah)
Mon-eyyyyyyyyyy (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Mon-eyyyyyyyyyy (yeah, yeah, yeah)
Gotta get that money money, gotta get that money money money money
Mon-eyyyyyyyyyy (yeah, yeah, yeah)
Mon-eyyyyyyyyyy (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Mon-eyyyyyyyyyy (yeah, yeah, yeah)
Gotta get that money money, gotta get that money money money money money

[Bizzy Bone]
I don't give a fuck what they sayin!
Buck buck buck buuuuuuck!

I'm ridin the Caddy and daddy I'm rollin it sadly, but I don't mind
If they laughin at me the movie I hardly think they be singin Sadie
I never gave up on my lady, but she still ain't listenin to me
Gotta let them 24's spin, chins ain't chippin or flippin
And let me get another victim again, gain-gain-gain
They win in the beginnin in the endin I'll befriend 'em, where they say I was
But I been right here cuz, you know what it is, you know what it was
So they wanna move, do what'chu gotta do, who? Not me!
I said I'm glossy, and who you callin flossy baby
But baby I'm not 'Pac, no! And I'm not God, no!
But I float like a butterfly, sting like honey
Mo' money money money money money money, in the face of the crowd
Lighter now, I don't need no pride to hide, oh wow, oh wow
Mo' money money, in the face of the crowd
Lighter now, I don't need no pride to hide, oh wow
But baby I'm not 'Pac, no! (buck buck buck buck buuuuuuck!)

[Hook]

[Twista]
Get knocked out by the Windy City southpaw (uh)
No cookin in the kitchen homie we put out raw (yeah)
Midwest outlaw, fuck with it? I doubt y'all
Somewhere between Chi-Town and Cleveland is where they found y'all (woo)
Rollin through the alley in the Caddy
Blowin Cali to the haters, oh what a pity (uh-huh)
When they hit it nigga Twista rockin city after city
They gon' ask, "Is he doin it with Bizzy?" (what?)
And you know why they done that (why?)
Because we two of the coldest motherfuckers
To spit these fast lyrics on one track (woo)
Buck 'em with a lyrical bullet in the body
Because I gotta get the spot, I know the shit don't stop
Pull up in the Lamborghini or the Ferrari
I know I gotta get the guap, cause I gotta get the drop
Gotta get the dough and get the money money
I can really feel it when a hater comin for me
Try to get it if you think you feelin kinda lucky
Twin Glocks so you know you better bring a buddy
And I got the ammunition for anybody
That wanna go against the Midwest Militia
A whole clip at the competition for Bizzy
A whole clip at the competition for Twista
A whole clip at the world, because it's us against it
And this shit about to get ugly
For static, I'mma hit 'em with the automatic
Run and do murder after murder but I'm a baller so I gotta get

[Hook]

[Bizzy Bone]
Buck buck buck buuuuuuck!

Me and my brother Twista gettin it crunk
And drinkin that Goose-y witta me brew
Doin whatever we want to do, get to the club, ain't nobody knew
Thought that we beefin they try to divide the troops
Talk about who really started the style
How 'bout everyone livin in harmony, look at the army now
General sendin a bevy of spirits and we gonna get it
Like heaven we dancin our way to the gates
If you comin with me and we Muslim
We human with all of the brethren (brethren)
Veteran deep in the city, I pity the foolish that ride with the snake
What do I look like massagin the thought
When they come with the matrix and say that we fake
We'll never break, 'member that Kanye and Twista
We're gonna go through the fire
Never expire, give it the way that they want it
They'll find out from you if you tired (what about)
Money you tell me what's money to you, paper that represent currency?
Or is it worm wood, better burn good
Than a brain ray, with the energy certainly
I don't have time for emergencies
Baby the word that be rollin the covenant
Jump in the - party and pop in the melody baby
I know that the ladies be lovin it
Brush the dust, enemies way, get 'em a drink, we look too lovely
The spirit is present and never be hesitant
Twista and Bizzy be gettin this money, nucca

[Hook]