[Intro: Bizzy Bone & DJ Paul]
Yeah! Yeah! You already know! Yessirr!
Bone Thug is in the building! Da Mafia 6ix up in here!
Put your motherfucking lighters in the air! Yeah
Fully automatic bitch I put a bullet in your head
It's bout to go down, the world been waitin' on this!
Mafia 6, Bone, SpaceGhostPurrp, JGRXXN, let's go!

[Bridge: SpaceGhostPurrp]
Murder on my fucking mind, I think about it all the time
Murder on my fucking mind, I think about it all the time

[Hook x2: SpaceGhostPurrp]
Gone up off that shit my nigga, don't you know I'm fucked up?
Run up on you with that nine, I don't fuck with bustas
Gone up off that shit my nigga, don't you know I'm fucked up?
Run up on you with that nine, I don't fuck with bustas

[Verse 1: DJ Paul]
I got Glocks, Tec-9's
Shoot you in your motherfucking face
These haters better run
Cause I'm gunning automatic with a extra clip on my waist
These niggas 'bout to beat it
Chop 'em with the choppa, get the chalk up in the body bag
Body bag, body bag, we some hood niggas, we ain't got a body bag
Put his ass in a motherfucking glad bag
To be honest I'm really glad his ass dead
'Bout to go and do the same to his mom and dad
Ring the door bell, like I got somethin' to tell
'Soon as he answers send their ass straight to hell
They ain't had shit to do with it, oh well!
But bitch shoot up your jaws that ain't fucking tell
If I'm mad at one than I'm grabbing my gun
And a motherfuckin' body gon' be dead

[Hook x2: SpaceGhostPurrp]
Gone up off that shit my nigga, don't you know I'm fucked up?
Run up on you with that nine, I don't fuck with bustas
Gone up off that shit my nigga, don't you know I'm fucked up?
Run up on you with that nine, I don't fuck with bustas

[Verse 2: Bizzy Bone]
Half of these niggas they don't put in any rhyme
Laugh at these niggas, they don't put in any time
Put a foot up in yo ass, I put a gun in every line
Fully automatic steppin' to the static every time
Take you niggas every time, subliminal the criminal
When everybody dies, see the spirit with his spine
If the spirit should be mine, I'mma fight up in this mothafucka
Riot in this mothafucka, killing every enemy I see
Gimme my nine, hit 'em with the kinda little bullets that'll duck you from the bridges to the pond
From the fence to the zig zag line
Get tense, I'm relentless, I put a bullet in his mind
Not a bully but I'm tough from the grit and the grime
Niggas slick, niggas slime, niggas crip, they can die
With a kill switch, kill shit, how you wanna deal with it?
Elevated, come in that motherfucker, for real

[Hook x2: SpaceGhostPurrp]
Gone up off that shit my nigga, don't you know I'm fucked up?
Run up on you with that nine, I don't fuck with bustas
Gone up off that shit my nigga, don't you know I'm fucked up?
Run up on you with that nine, I don't fuck with bustas

[Verse 3: Gangsta Boo]
Bitches better duck from the buckin' of the double barrel pump
Plus a trunk for a nigga that'll slip
Niggas know the business when I'm all in Memphis
Never love a rookie sucker, take a nigga grip when I rip
Ain't that right? Skinny Pimp told you hoes before
Crazy as a motherfucker, nigga ye ain't know?
You better ask the last fuck bitch
Then I catch a charge, kickin' her down, yeah straight through the floor
Kill, first forty-eight all up in my mind
666, see it all up in the sky
SpaceGhostPurrp all black on with the mask on
You can tell a killer lookin' in his eyes
Mafia 6ix with the Evil shit
Burn a nigga body, drop it in a ditch
Ain't no way you can win when the devil walks in
Devil's daughter yeah I'm up in this bitch

[Verse 4: Koopsta Knicca]
Please don't worry, her pant drop
Make yo bitch go flesh knob
Make this to a murder plot
We back up in the hoe, then fuck yo God
Bang till your faith with the Christ, mane
And put you in the sack until it's day lit
Hitlist, Legion, Lucifer, Satan
Who got to kill you bitches?
Christian shizzit breaks my heart
Come look at the stars
Then I'm bucking everything you own

[Verse 5: Krayzie Bone]
Money owed, so it's murder on my mind
Finger itchin' on the trigger of my nine millimeter
I'm a killer if the murder make me richer
You'll for certain be the victim if it make a nigga skrilla, gorilla
Hit you with the guerrilla crimes
I haven't ever really been a friend of mine
Hustle hard through the fall, spring, summer, winter time
Sip a lotta Henn', hit the weed, sniff a line
Now I'm ready, let's go
Now I'm on my Superman grind
Money burstin' out the pocket so my heater may shine
But let's face it, every time a nigga made it
You got the jealous tryna to take it
So you gotta sucker shake it, shake 'em off
Finna stay strapped? You may have to break 'em off
Wanna play Bone? Somebody gotta pay the cost
Gotta get mine, I can't afford to take a loss
Even if that means it's murder when come on the scene
And set fire at the party, everybody can bleed
They can die, they can die
They can die, they can die, die
It's like I bit 'em and put venom in 'em
And then I'm on a nigga, kill 'em till I'm finished with 'em
Finished with 'em
One for the gun, two for redruM, murder
Three, see them bleed
Four, never coming back no more, more, more
He dead, he dead, he dead
He never coming back no more, more, more
This is your life, we will not let you breathe no more
RedruM, redruM, redruM
RedruM, redruM, redruM

[Outro: DJ Paul]
Six hundred and sixty six, six hundred and sixty six
Six hundred and 666, six hundred and 666
Six hundred and 666, six hundred and 666
Six hundred and 666, six hundred and 666, yeah!