[INTRO]
You motherfuckas, who thought when a nigga got a nickel
In his pocket, he wouldn't come back
And get a quarter bag of chips with you

Mmmmmm hmmmmm. Heeeeey ...
[Represent yo, represent yo hood.]

[VERSE 1: BIZZY BONE]

I said, now baby come on, somebody's watchin' me
Clockin' me, trying to get in my pockets
Your better bet is the lottery
I can make it, don't bother me
I don't stay for the dollar
But here's the Rueger 'fore I swang with it
(I'm going too fast.)
In my H-double-O-D hood
Seen my wood grain, and when I hang
In the hood, bang, i'ma blow them brains out
'cause God like everyday thangs
Ain't shit 'fore a nigga came out
Prayed that you thought I never played out
Sittin' with my shotgun and the rounds
Aboard the spot, mr. mo murda, thugged out
Will money mount? Nobody can die now
Then again that pile, snatched so many firearms
When the hood finds out
They gon' ride out 'fore that bitch can get to trial
Heavy with little E, Glock Glock in my drop top Chevy
Oh, plenty of artillary stocked, killin' me, feelin' me
Run at the mouth to make figga
Headed to Cleveland, breathin' heavy

[HOOK]

Represent yo ... represent yo hood
(It never rains in Los Angeles. Niggas scandelous, scandelous)
Represent your hood, at the same time, at the same time
Gotta make that money, yeah
Represent yo hood, represent yo hood
Represent your hood
You gotta keep it real, you gotta keep it real
Gotta make that money, yeah
Represent yo hood, represent yo hood

[VERSE 2: SHO SHOT]

Give it up for your hood to represent
But don't waste no time to get the ends
Money made can't fade, will fake to win
Gangbangin' onto his nigga, fuck friends
Smack game, wants to cause a catastrophe
Haters is after me, not watchin' for the niggas who blast for me
Sho Shot got love in these sick streets
On top of everything 'cause I bring heat
I catch wreck when I flex, what's next
Breakin' necks when I'm stealin' the reps
West bangin' on the sets 'cause a nigga's correct
It ain't where you're from, it's where you at
It's all about the west side, and every hood is the best side
California where the shit rise, where the game lies
So i'ma show all you suckas how to hoo-ride
And i'ma give it to you, heated with game
We represent no sanity, my hood ain't never mad at me
Those who wanna be down with mad me
Gotta automatically handle the game tactically

[HOOK]

Represent yo ... represent yo hood
Represent your hood, at the same time, at the same time
Gotta make that money, yeah
Represent yo hood, represent yo hood
Represent your hood
You gotta keep it real, you gotta keep it real
Gotta make that money, yeah
Represent yo hood, represent yo hood

[BORNSIC]

Everytime that I represent the hood
The croud, they wanna get high as the palm trees
Visualize this life right next to the movie screen
In sunny Cal with the bomb weed
Growing up in the spotlight on a hot night
Where the heart of the cops and the stars beat
Naturally I wouldn't trade the world for being born
And blessed up in the S.C. Stayin' true at the barbeque
We still puttin' into what we love to do, and been thru
We ain't mad at you, now get the revenue
Got your name and your hood on your tattoo
Somebody got at you with the quickness
At the picnic from a crew called Ward Sick
Well, it might have been Bizzy Bone
Juel [?], Sho Shot, when the fool don't misrepresent
In case of emergency, we leave your whole clique burgundy
Certainly for the currency. And real urgently
We represent for the century, the neighborhood anniversary
For eternity, for the next century

[HOOK]

Represent yo ... Represent yo hood

Represent your hood, at the same time, at the same time
Try to make that money, yeah
Represent yo hood, represent yo hood
Represent your hood
You gotta keep it real, you gotta keep it real
Gotta make that money, yeah
Represent yo hood, represent yo hood