-Chorus-Bizzy w/Big B-
Satan, Satan's disciple/ I said, Satan, Satan's disciple (Satan, satan, better known as satan...) Satan, Satan's disciple (Satan) He's coming to get us, he's coming to get us (Satan, Satan's disciple)
Bizzy Bone
Hey, come to the playground where niggas get laid down/ They tell 'em to stay down cause way down in the jungle we still killin' 'em softly/ Pray now, hey now runnin' with a die out, buy out/ Come around my way, say this is what it' sound like "Pop pop pop pop!" Yeah, yeah (Alright... Ooh... Satan's disciple) They comin' to get us, us, us, us/ They comin' to get us, us, us, us (Whoa!) Mysterious, us, us/ Satan's (Satan...) disciple's they're comin' to get us very soon, very soon/ And if they don't come to get me, then you know they're comin' to come and get you/ He wants the roughest stuff, he wants the toughest stuff/ (?)/ He wants the roughest stuff, he wants the toughest stuff/ (?)/ My people will get you every time/ (?)/
-Chorus-
Satan, Satan's disciple'/ I said, Satan, Satan's disciple (Satan, satan, better known as satan...) He's coming to get us, he's coming to get us
Bizzy Bone
The triple six rival (The triple six rival) They are Satan's disciple (They are Satan's disciple) The triple six rival (The triple six rival) They are Satan's disciple (They are Satan's disciple) Satan's disciple/ Satan, satan they are coming to get us (C'mon) And if we don't pray/ We pray, we pray, we pray, we pray/ And we pray, and we pray/ Who do you stand for? Who do you stand for? The first one that comes to your mind is probably some evil (Evil) My people will get you every time (We're runnin' out of time) We're running from Satan (Satan) We're still running from Satan disciples/ Running from Satan (Running from Satan.) We're still running from Satan disciples/ Me gotsta chase is on (Running from Satan...) Me gotsta chase is on (Me gotsta chase is on) Me gotsta chase is on/ Running from Satan (Me gotsta chase is on) Me gotsta chase is on (Me gotsta chase is on) He can come in the form of drug or he can come in the form of blood/ Maybe he comes as slugs, but he surely coming to get us (Oh!) And he can come in the form of blood, and he can come in the form of drugs/ False prophets, prophets/ I still smell profit (Oh, whoa!) Running from Satan, satan/ Satan's disciple (Satan, satan, better known as satan...) Light of my Lord to shine through and he will go straight through you (You are transparent) I see satan's disciple, runnin' from satan's disciple/ He will be coming for you, he will be coming for you/ Cause he can come in the form of drug (in the form of drug) and he can come in the form of love (in the form of love) but he's satan's disciple (Still satan's disciple) He's still satan's disciple (He's still satan's disciple) We are human, so we materialize (Materialize) but satan can never materialize/ Human (Human...) Like my Grandmother said, human beings (We're runnin' from satan, satan) From satan's disciples (satan) cause he's coming to get us (satan) the triple six rival, rival (satan) Satan's disciple (Six six six...) he's coming to get us/ My gots to chase is on, chase is on (Seven, seven, seven...) satan's disciples (From all around the world) satan's disciples/ Better known, better known... to my pump I'm hanging on