[Intro]
Oh, uh, oh
Oh, yee, yeah, get it
We got London on the track
Oh, uh, uh, shit, fuck, shit

[Chorus]
You remind me of a Jeep
When I took a ride, ride on them guys
Left 'em hypnotized
Girl, you remind me of a Jeep
When we took a ride, we slid on them guys
Too gangsta to disguise it, ayy (Jeffery)

[Verse 1]
Pull up on the block, leave damage (yeah)
Peer pressure make a nigga panic (bitch)
No brainer, I'm like I'm on a Xanny (on a Xanny)
Shoot an AK with a Patek (yeah, blip, blip, blip)
An' I'm very good at mathematics (yeah, an' I'm very good at)
Young nigga whole body tatted (young nigga, whole body)
YSL, a nigga want static? (YSL)
No plug, let 'em earn a casket (yea, no plug)
All these hoes tryna play me (bitch)
All these niggas tryna pimp (tryna pimp)
I heard that you ball like it’s Grady (I heard)
I'ma put a nigga to your grave (brr)
These niggas say they came with the snakes (facts)
Metallic Balmain like I'm Drake (like I'm Drake)
Moonwalkin' like I'm Michael J. (Michael J.)
Jeffery a real OG (OG)
Well, the bitch 23, ooh-wee (young Jeffery)
23, Michael-Michael J. (Michael J.)
I'ma take my talents to outer space (outer space)
Top bankrolls outta Js (outta Js)
YSL clearing out the place (yeah, we clear that)
I'ma put the barrel in his face (brr)
Never treat a freak like bae (uh-uh, brr)
'Prised still beat a nigga case

[Chorus]
You remind me of a Jeep
When I took a ride, ride on them guys
Left 'em hypnotized
Girl, you remind me of a Jeep
When we took a ride, we slid on them guys
Too gangsta to disguise it, ayy

[Verse 2]
Hold tight, the ball made the basket (made the basket)
I ain't wearin', rob a nigga [?] (nigga [?])
Fifth-grade, ballin' like a Maverick (in fifth-grade)
Pussy nigga steal a nigga swag (a nigga swag)
Weddin' ring, [?] with everybody (weddin' ring)
Blowin' up over these [?] (priceless)
Real talent never get a chance (get a chance)
Still wearing platinum like a king (like a king)
Got a freshen' up black kids (I'm up)
Red flag on my chin like a hen (priceless)
20/20 bubble I [?] (skrrt, skrrt)
Young nigga buyin' out a jet (out a jet)
Lapdance, wrinkle on my pants (pants)
All four pockets rubber bands  (priceless)
Bought the bitch some water, say I'm swimmin' (priceless)
Big diamonds, I don't swim (I don't, nigga)
YSL, sign it on the ten (YSL)
An' my bank account on blimp (priceless)
Boolin' by the shore with the shrimps (by the shore)
New York whore with the brim (woo)
Another day, a whole 'nother timepiece (time piece)
If she ain't a ten, she a dime piece (woo)
Hundred thousand dollars on a fine piece (priceless)
If you look for diamonds, you'll find me (facts)

[Chorus]
You remind me of a Jeep
When I took a ride, ride on them guys
Left 'em hypnotized
Girl, you remind me of a Jeep
When we took a ride, we slid on them guys
Too gangsta to disguise it, ayy