12Guage:

They already know who I be…. 1. 2. G.U.A.G.E

AV:
A.V. A.T. I.O.N
AVation let the story begin!
I said A.V.A.T.I.O.N
I spell it like that cuz only I know who I am!

I swear I love this beat so much I shoulda wrote some vows for it
I got a couple punch lines to make ya throw the towel in
The world in both hands, I gotta find a way to power lift
& put it to the light like I'm tryna see if it's counterfeit

Nah, it's just the people in it
They pretending, to be with me cuz it's beneficial
Fuck niggas & them bitches
Ima ride for my brothers & my sisters
That'll kill em since they dying for attention huh?

That AVation line fly to you niggas huh?
I got that Age 💔f Vendetta clothing line on niggas now
Fuck cool, I'm the one making the styles
Them Vendetta Sweaters all around when you hit the town

So as of late my head has been hard to carry
I ain't introduce myself on my campus since January
Just to be clear, I meant of the past year
I ain't really known, the town is just that big

Small really. A shark in a small ass pond
My life's a bitch but I'm in love so she get all of my time
I got a million ways to make her happy all in my mind
What's mine is yours & on you, swear that this world is mine

Since Tunechi got mars, I guess next target Jupiter
& since this world is mine, I'll give that one Lupita
She the moon in my sky. Crazy bout her like lunatics
They say ya name is all ya got. I made my shit lucrative baby

AV & 12Guage:
I did alot of shit just to live this lifestyle! (Lifestyle!!!!!!)
Came straight from the bottom to the top my lifestyle! Lifestyle nigga!
Living life like a Buchanon, niggas still beginning! Nigga we do this!
Power puffing on these clouds and niggas still beginning! Talk to em!

But All jokes aside I really worked my ass off!
I was broke once but I finally took the cast off!
Now I treat the road to success like it's my Nascar!
Better yet I treat it like Kane took his mask off!

I spit Hellfire & Brimstone
I am to Rap. What Soulja Boy was ringtones
I'll be here forever like the SimpSons.(YaHeardMe!)
Young nigga from the boot stepping out with Tims on

Man I'm really bouta make it
I ain't been sleep in days, I'm really dream chasing
My mama said she dream about me dying alot lately
Somebody please call her, tell her that she made greatness


I'm bouta be the greatest
I'm living every day like I know I'm bouta make it
My mama need a house with atleast a couple acres
Somebody please call her, tell her that im bouta be the greatest

AV & 12Guage:
I did alot of shit just to live this lifestyle! Lifestyle!!!!!!
Came straight from the bottom to the top my lifestyle! Lifestyle nigga!
Living life like a Buchanon, niggas still beginning! Nigga we do this!
Power puffing on these clouds and niggas still beginning! Talk to em!

*Vizu Laughs*
Man I just feel so fucking good right now
Do this shit for my hood right now
I just feel so fucking good right now