[Intro: Young Thug & sample]
What the fuck, you ready?
Alright, alright
What the fuck, you ready?
We got London On Da Track
What the fuck, you ready?
Alright, alright, alright!
Thugger!

[Verse 1]
My birth certificate say I'm so magnificent
Skoob done tinted cause them dykes they so magnificent
Head bigger cause my bitch say she magnificent
Hundred percent I cashed out when I bought my Bentleys
I've been grinding since I came up out the porch
She want me to pull the string and see if I'm so important
Not a toy, baby girl, I got a little boy
Aye (woo, woo, woo, woo, woo!)
I am magnificent, I could get chickens and my neck is red like a hen
I told that little bitch that she not gon win and I told her to go hit it in
Choppers gon' chop and I swear to God I am a slime I'ma shoot at your spin
Watches on watches got timing on timing I just might bring Flav Flava in
Caught me a big ol' lil' body, lil' bitch and you know it's the Benz
Suck on my dick, baby suck on my dick 'til you got a big chin
Soon as I fuck on your ho, boy you know I'm gon' make her back bend
Cookies, I roll it, I roll it, got fish scale but I don't got baits
These little bitches know that I'm the future plus I'm holdin' weight
I pulled up, hop out the 'Rarri now they tailgating
I might keep my hands down, let my jewelry wave

[Hook]
Bling, bling, bling I iced out my team
If you ain't sayin' that nice, my nigga, what the fuck you mean?
I live it up, it's not the same
I like my bitch brown like sugar cane
Woah, woah, hey!

[Verse 2]
Eat that pussy 'til I throw up
I got water out in Florida
Little Mama know I can't cuff her
Fuck cleaning I'm a buffer
My diamonds black like a muffler
My bitch a nat and I trust her
Fuck nigga you're pie a custard
He got lames rhymes no Busta
I'm like nigga bitch I'm too fly for this shit
Got a lot of niggas on the block that'll do or die for this shit
Got a lot of bitches out in Folies that'll come around with my clique
Nutted on the bitch panties she told her old man it was spit
Baby little girl you know YSL is the realest they get
Bitch I'm on fire I fire the best fire like a Bic
I want to know where it's at and I swear to God I'mma go get it
Turnt up my birds in my words and now I'm 'bout fly as a pigeon
Hop in my coup and brrrp the ceiling
My bitch she rich and black like Oprah Winfrey
5-4-3-2-1, there go both her pimps
I like white meat, baby pass me a little sugar
Thirty two on my hip, whoa
No hole but I'ma let it rip
Or you could throw it off of the ship

[Hook]
Bling, bling, bling I iced out my team
If you ain't sayin' that nice, my nigga, what the fuck you mean?
I live it up, it's not the same
I like my bitch brown like sugar cane
Hey, hey, woah!

[Outro]
Monica, I like you and I love your persona
Come with me I buy you hair by the bundle
We go back and forth just like a runner
Lay beside you keep you warm like your mama
I don't want to keep discussing none of these lil' numbers
I just want to feed you this candy like a Mamba
Bahh kaww... backaw kaw!