[Hook:Future,Skooly]
Im on that ratchet shit
Nigga, im on that ratchet shit
I'm on that ratchet shit, my nigga
I'm on that ratchet shit
No, I ain't matchin top to bottom
Got on (four different designers)x3
I'm on that ratchet shit, my nigga (I'm on that ratchet shit) x3
Aye,i ain't matchin top to bottom Rockin' [four different designers] x3

[Verse 1: RK Kaelub]
Ratchet bitches, we love them!
Hustling bitches, we cuff them
Pretty bitches, we Fuck them!
Like cigarillos we bust them
With gas oh yeah, we stuff them
This life I'm livin is nothing
Designer, my kicks and garments
Looking like walking money
Gotta partna named Ratchet
He about that Ratchet action!
Got a Partner named Dread
No UPS, but keep that package
Balenciagas to step, or
J's, or some Giuseppes.
Real flav don't need no Help
Ferragamo my belt
And no KAE huh,don't huh,play.I'm a WIERDO!!
Rock four different designer. Still match, Though!!
Ain't talking bout my whip I switch gears tho
Keep that forty in my cupholder,NO BEER,NOOO!!

[Hook:Future,Skooly]

[Verse 2: Chief Keef]
Ratchet Shit nigga, I got dem racks and Shit!
And she gone pop dat pussy and do a backward flip!
My belts costs racks and shit
My pants don't match my kicks
This money I run through,
It do gymnastics shit!
I'm flexin bitch
Runnin through checks and shit
I'm fuckin all these stars, I'm on my record shit!
I'm on my Ratchet shit
Where I'm from,we ratchet,bitch
We keep ratchets, bitch
Boy don't get clapped and shit!
[Fuck like a porn star, now riding foreign
And she gone wanna Fuck, just cause of my Audemars] x2

[Hook:Future,Skooly]

[Verse 3: Skooly]
I'm on dat ratchet shit,check my fashion,bitch
This shit ain't average, immaculate
Giuseppe steppin, wreckin' when I step in shit
Most definitely, You know these hoes liking
What they seeing, niggas bite it when they see it
Check my sprite it's Easter Pink
Whoa, they lookin at me twice when they see me
Put my pay check with my stripes
I rock my Nikes wit Adidas
GBE, my people and Freebandz them my folk
912 to the 6-0's, I'm rockin with the locs
At ya shit, always stayin ratchet,B*tch
Smokin out the pack vacuum seals in the back and shit
We do it extravagent, sum you neva heard of
Savage game murder, Shoe game murder!!

[Hook:Future,Skooly]