[Intro: East Side Crew & DrAssenator & KrooZi)
Yeah, Entity Sound Records
Yo! Wass-up, wassup?
Ely Shah, Its your boi DrAssenator, man lets keep it iller
EAST SIDE, Hunz peepz
IT”S A REMIX !!!!!
Its KrooZi, Hahh pharou mainu mic, kadda tawada rob!!
Yo hommies let, see we comin to kill this shit
Ayy let me kill it bruh!

(We Got London On The Track)

Verse 01: DrAssenator
Agya’wa Time kuch karke wekhaan’da
Chak Kalam-Likh geet- bech – Charu Pasay naam’ karke Wekhan’da
Tu Jaan’da mai kaun? Rap-Game Aflatoon, Sher Khaan
I’m everything that my rhymes say
With them 808’s bitch I’m all day Kanye’
Sway on  them beats & I flex on your bitch, Sky high
Flow Qayamat, I’m a stand-up Rap –Rap Niggah
Better know my name, ridin’ for my crew ain’t no shame
Ridin & die’ for my niggas is the motto
Pop a pistol, bitch I’m lotto (sway)
Kera’ sacha rapper mainu labke’ wekhaao’
Main khol dene’ poll tey kardena’  rappers nu nanga
Tu panga’ lehke’ wekhaa I’m Ali 100, 49600 GOD !!

(Chorus: DrAssenator, KrooZi & Ely Shah)
I Ride for my niggas, I die for my niggas
We searchin’ for blood, [Retaliation]
(its payback Pussy) x2

Verse 02: Hunz Peepz
Akhiyaan’ch Khoon, Churiyaan di dhaar
Wajji’ jay speaker, asii mananni-  ni haar
Yaran’da aay Pyaar, tay rab da sahara
Sun-Sun mera rap, tenu chari jaye bhukhar
Mera pehla waar Project P
I murder you heos, Ofcourse it’s me
If you mad at me, it’s a curse with greed
Aja’ kardena tera dimaag theek
What about me? You know it all
Pechy wajdi’ aay beat agy karda’ mai spark
Tu janay hun, mera naam This dude name as, Hunz peepz!

(Chorus)

Verse 03: Ely Shah
Sanu naa koi milda’ asii munday kharab
Nashy’ diyaan puriyaan hun pehgay azaab
Ratan nu’ ay sarkan tay’ assi karde’ mazaakh
Jidi’vi aay aankh maili hun hoye’ga hisaab
Sada; koi jor ni, zindagi di thor ni
Holi holi bol’ nee,  Kadi naa ay sochieen’
Sambhi rakhin’ dokha, Nio dena moqa’
Ethy nai ho sokha, pharda’ ay mera flow
Meri flexing di line, Tera pura Show
No one ever break this steak, I’m a mind to freak
You know what I mean? Main tera peeyo!

(Chorus: DrAssenator/Ely Shah & KrooZi)

Verse 04: KrooZi
Hazar mere dost’ wakhri’ aay tor
Rap tu chorde’ laalay jinaa zor
Munday aan kharab, sanu naa tu larh
Chup kar kakay! Beh’ja jakay kaar
Awein; sada dour,  Living underground flows over hoes
We gettin’ that crown, Karo thora ghour!
Desi munday in the town, uh huh huh
Pussy ass faggots makin’ it tragic
Wadd tou wadd, blockin’ sari traffic
Fuck’em let’em have it!
In mundiyaan di’ Khair eeh
(kyun bhai khair hai?)
Oh NO! I ride for my niggas, I die for my niggas
We searching for blood, asii nachan gay’ wadd
Nalay mere yaar nay’  wakhri ay shaan bhai’
Ely Shah, Hunny & Assen in the plan bitch! Heyyy!

(Chorus )

(Outro: DrAssenator)
Entity Sound records in the house!!
We got- london london on the track, boii
Go tell’em bitch niggas what the fuck is D-hiphop man, huh
Yeah, man we fuckin’ killed it