[Intro: Young Thug]
Ayy man, I went on Instagram, man, my mothafuckin' boy, man, he up there in Boston, shawty. I'm talkin' 'bout man, nigga got a whole see-through elevator. You know when you wanna go down, downward or upward? You know, he get the chance to really see that. Know what I'm sayin'? Wires and everything, forreal. (Thugger, Thugger!) Glass top elevator! Woo, woo!
We got London on da Track!

[Chorus: Young Thug]
We smash on the city, yeah you know it (yeah, you know it)
We gon' smash on these bitches, yeah you know it
Flex up on 'em pussy niggas bad, boy
Crispy hunnids, take your time, count it slow
I'm doin' the thang, I got it bad
I make it rain, we thunder bad
I change the weather, they forecast it
I'm back to facts, no more dabbin'
No more fightin', no more strappin'
No more dabbin', no more trappin'
No more cappin', no more lackin'
No more raggin', no more naggin' (Thugger, Thugger)

[Verse: Young Thug]
We goin' brazy, break the internet (hey)
We goin' brazy, break the internet
We Rolls Rizzle, the all white, hey
We catch your bitch, we take a flight, wait
The Rollie red like a beam
Fuck your dream and your team, huh
You play with anybody
Turn your shirt to my skin
Hey, we drip on anybody
Get it kicked off the team
Yeah, we richer than everybody
At least that's what it seems
Nigga know we dippin', dabbin'
We spittin' out fire like a dragon
We beat it, beat it with a cannon
That poom-poom look the baddest
My ho from Dallas like a Maverick
Go to Africa to get some karats
Make her call 'em miss, no carriage
Fight 'em all, nigga jabbin'
Cover your face, go to wildin'
Take your whole family to an island
Shoot him in his back, Ricky Bobby
Now I know you get the picture
I want you to stop all the violence

[Chorus: Young Thug]
We smash on the city, yeah you know it (yeah, you know it)
We gon' smash on these bitches, yeah you know it
Flex up on 'em pussy niggas bad, boy
Crispy hunnids, take your time, count it slow
I'm doin' the thang, I got it bad
I make it rain, we thunder bad
I change the weather, they forecast it
I'm back to facts, no more dabbin'
No more fightin', no more strappin'
No more dabbin', no more trappin'
No more caddin', no more lackin'
No more raggin', no more naggin' (Yeah, yeah, yeah)