[Intro: Buttnaked Tim Dawg]
And that was Father MC featuring Jodeci with their smash hit, 'Treat 'Em Like They Wanna Be Treated'. Well radioland, I wonder what he has in store for '93. Maybe he'll take it to the streets. But anyway, this is the Buttnaked one signing off for WBUTT FM in stereo

[Hook]
(What's the law?)
Pimp or die
(What's the law?)
Pimp or die
(What's the law?)
Pimp or die
(What's the law?)
Pimp or die
To my niggas uptown gotta pimp or die
To my niggas downtown gotta pimp or die
To my niggas cross town gotta pimp or die
To my nigga round town gotta pimp or die

[Verse One]
I just jump in my Path
Drive up the ave
Talking on my cellular
Hunting for [?]
I'm the man, that's how I gets down
I find recruits, knock the boots and then I gots to skip town
I gets money on the regular
Every day [?] honies are calling on my cellular
I got a team
From Brooklyn, Bronx and Queens
A bald head, leather jacket, and baggy jeans
I roll posse deep
Check your catalog
My name's Father and Tim Dawg's the landlord
Buttnaked's in effect
They stepped up and said, "Yo Father, it's time to catch wreck"
Straight up and down, bless this underground
Brother don't play around
So watch a real nigga get down
So don't play me, cause I'm just too fly
It's '93 and '93 is pimp or die

[Hook]

[Verse Two]
I attack when I crush the new jacks
And if I get stacks, I get stacks and stacks and stacks and stacks
I front gold, a slim chain and a rollie band
From my head to my toe, the toe is Timberland
You got bank, but moneygrip I got your bank stop
I'm not cock diesel but I still sport a tank top
That's how I'm living
So don't give me the dead eye
My last cutie played fly but now she's [?] goodbye
I make tonight on the town
And if it ain't good enough
I work harder than Bobby Brown
[?] caramel, sweet chocolate
One taste of my love makes your heart drip
Mr. Man
Sisters never diss the program
Before I kick 'em out
[?]
Straight up and down check me out as I catch wreck
Hold your spinny cause I'm running through your projects

[Hook]

[Verse Three]
Here comes a bigger nigga
A slick daddy-o
I got a dozen honies naked on my patio
Smitty's gonna be around the sugar baby
I never rush, I never tell them "yes", it's "maybe"
Ladies it don't come easy
You gotta go all out like your whole purpose in life was to please me
I like 'em tender with a fight like a tiger then surrender
I'll make everyday like Sweet November
I get my nails done, baby ya won't be bitter
Dip my hands in the bowl and watch my rocks glitter
That's how pimply I am
Pimping ain't hard, it's just a job and ya really don't understand
I'm getting money on the real nothing's funny
Everyday seems sunny when I'm chilling with my main honey
So don't play me cause I'm just too fly
It's '93 and '93 is pimp or die

[Hook]