[Intro: Yung Wun]

It's another one
That's right, motherfucka
It ain't over, you can bob ya head to this shit
It's all dark [?] around here
What! Bitch nigga! Yeah shawty!

[Chorus: Yung Wun]

Load 'em up, let's ride
Somebody's gonna die
Load 'em up, let's ride
Somebody's gonna die
Load 'em up, let's ride
Somebody's gonna die
Why?

[Verse 1: Yung Wun]

I'm coming straight up out the hood nigga
You can ask anybody, who got the guns nigga?
I play around with big guns and fuck nuns
On a daily basis, I bet you think I'm crazy
Living life in this fast lane, coming up in this cat's game
Hugging the Glock, sipping yak mane
I know a lot of niggas warned/wondered[?] about me
How I be, where I be, at 19, man fuck it
What I got I worked hard for
Nine motherfuckin years I done starve for this rap shit, (that's right)
Now niggas got it locked like vice grips
And you know a bike rip, so a nigga might flip
I got an overdose of game to give out, (but shawty)
But niggas act so funny I just don't speak out
It can be what you make it, get it how you take it
I'mma break your billboard and replace it

[Chorus x2: Yung Wun]

[Verse 2: Taronda Hamilton]

That nigga like so special, it's kinda hard for me to speak
You see this shit right now, it's kinda hard for me to preach
They say the good die young, but that's the only thing I read
But they [?] bustin my guns, and to that nigga that [?]
I hear parole's in three weeks, I heard your brother's a mother
At the store with them gutters, slinging rocks to them clubbers
Ten years a mother, got her fine and clever
I'm gonna make your family feel what we feel forever
Got me pissed as ever, on that shit so tell 'em
That bitch is sick with that click with rap sheets of felons
Aim my nine to your melon, bitch I snipe you who tellin'
Revenge my friend meet your friend Lucifer the devil
Retaliation I'm dwelling, I know I'm going to hell and
I know this shit got me twisted but I'm scarred for ever
My brother's life was precious and bitch you took it so selfish
Bitch be careful 'bout big weapons, little sister gonna getcha

[Chorus x2: Yung Wun]

[Verse 3: Yung Wun]

I command respect, so hop your ass back in that fed
Motherfucka love is love, they don't cash no cheques
While you're waiting for your mans to supply you with grams
I'm in the dirty south bangin' niggas up cos I can
Get to the money, lay low with stacks of fifties and hundreds
And a ground bag of coke for the niggas I'm frontin'
And they ain't got to pop it, I got a trigger for that
If you really want war, I got niggas for that
I stay in the streets, in touch, ready to reach
With a city full of dogs that ready to eat
All it takes is a phone call, that's your downfall
If you owe me any money, I want it all
I told niggas this day would come
But I never really thought this day would come
'Til niggas ran in my crib, beat up my old lady
While I was hustlin' in the ville
Shit got real

[Chorus x4: Yung Wun]

[Outro: Yung Wun]

Why it even got to be that way?
(be that way, be that way, be that way, Why?)
We don't walk in these streets that way
(streets that way, streets that way, streets that way, Why?)
Y'all niggas still runnin' off at your mouth
(off at your mouth, Why?)
Huh, Yung Wun
Load 'em up, cock 'em back, let's ride