[Intro:]
Hello darling, Suffa. Hope the reason you're not answering the phone is because you are finishing your album. The operative word would be 'finishing.' Keep in touch

[Verse 1: Suffa]
I got to jump back and kiss myself
The Hoods have come back to rip this girl
Live on the drum track, man, you dissed yourself
So drunk that you nearly pissed yourself
And if you come whack you risk your health
I'm the one that made LL ring the bells
Sharp as a thumb tack, it's the infidel
In the back with some girl named Isabelle
And I'm a, you're gonna what? I'm a wreck this, the freshest
Thermoelectric's, technics and a setlist
So check this, Hilltop lock jaws like tetanus
Fuck breakfast at Tiffany's, I want Tiffany for breakfast
(What up? What up?) The funk leader, told you last LP
With a style that make you smile like a Chelsea
Smile, (What the fuck's that man?) It's when you place
Razor blades on the cheeks then a kick to the face
In the place and we raising the roof
Like Al Qaeda placed a case in the booth
A taste of the truth and some flawless shit
Like John Howard knows the taste of George's dick!
Man, I'm born to spit these kids wish they stuck me
I warn you kid you're bitch made like puppies
Switch blade to Nazis' cut them through their khakis
I lose it every time I put it down like car keys

[Ad-Lib: Suffa]
What a clever line. Lose it every time I put it down like car keys
That is a really good line. What a good line. Holy shit I am the greatest

I am the greatest, and you hate it
I am the greatest, and you hate it

[Ad-Lib: Pressure]
Honestly man that's ridiculous. Seriously you're out of control. "I'm the greatest, and you hate it." Whatever

[Hook:]
I got this feelin' that it's---I got this feelin' that it's
I got this feelin' that it's back again
So don't touch me, cause I'm electric
They ain't gonna wait a minute
Don't touch me, cause I'm electric
(Hold up, wait a minute)
Don't touch me, cause I'm electric
They ain't gonna wait a minute
Don't touch me, cause I'm electric
And if you touch me, you'll get shocked

[Interlude: Trials]
Dudes it's Terry here. Hey look, um. I've been waiting on this master for three days now man. It's way delayed and overdue, please give me a call.

[Verse 2: Pressure]
It only takes one minute to bust
But takes these two to raise them standards up
Take three, Debris man the cuts
This is for, those that will stand with us
From sundown into the dawn didn't I warn?
The lyrical storm hits you in a physical form
This isn't your norm, didn't reform, isn't your average
Wishing to score listeners for pitiful crap it's
Off Richter, sicker than cough fits you
Listen to pop hits? This isn't your soft shit you
All in the mix so start warning the kids
They're adopted and not that they were born with a gift
I'm so fatal that reverends won't stay till confession
You all can't hold your own like post natal depression
I've got a mouth of profanity, a spouse and a family
At my house man no wonder that I'm doubting my sanity
I'm an honest drunk, what a mentality
Avoiding the truth is staying sober; I'm an addict of reality
I live for tomorrow so cheating death today
Means at all costs avoid repeating yesterday
I'm a loose cannon, enough juice to soothe famine
Break your back with this rap then ask you who's slamming?
Some rappers claiming a throne, unaware they
Ain't kings only royalty they know is airplay

[Hook:]
Feelin' that it's back again
So don't touch me, cause I'm electric
They ain't gonna wait a minute
Don't touch me, cause I'm electric
(Hold up, wait a minute)
Don't touch me, cause I'm electric
They ain't gonna wait a minute
Don't touch me, cause I'm electric
And if you touch me, you'll get shocked

[Outro: Pegz]
Hey guys, this is Pegz. Pick up your phone will ya? You better be in the bloody studio finishing this album anyway. If you don't hurry up, we're gonna be calling the album "The Broke Arse Long Road."
I bet you're all sitting back, playing computer games in there, having a big laugh, but it's not gonna be funny when your artwork's hot pink