[Intro]
Check it
If y'all came here to see a show, we want everybody's cooperation
G-g-g-g, yo!
What it is. You know the story
Maundz One
With the Hilltop-motherfuckin-Hoods, yeah
I wanna see who the fuck gettin' loud!
Get your streamers out
Get your balloons out
I wanna see who the fuck gettin' loud! Get the piñata, whatever

[Verse 1: Pressure]
(Ha-ha ha-ha!)
Turn it up, what? We turn it up while the city rest
Burning fucks like the German's up your bitties dress
Rappers only quit, I'm death
Rhymes like cigarettes
Something rotten in the oxygen that gives me breath
Maundz pass the flame, broadcast the name
Sought after like doing chores after play
Just walked past, got more heart than brain
It's a war path, you walkin', they're sayin' forecast is rain
Been around man, I've seen the world on tour
Kept it raw from the US to Celtic Shores
Slept on floors when shelter was seldom more
Now I can't stop the flow like a weak pelvic floor
I'm in the booth with a tube givin' blood again
Stickin' to my roots when I shoot, no gutter pen
Critics want the truth but the scoop won't come to them
Unless you in the loop like that dude M. Hutchinson

[Chorus: Maundz]
(Hill—Hilltop!)
We got the shit that make you feel right
Do it to the death and we do it mad nice
Get your boogie on, where we up loud
Tearin' up the stage baby, town to town
State to state, all up in your hemisphere
It don't stop, won't quit, so we [?]

[Verse 2: Maundz]
Ayo, Hoods up and bars down, that's the epigram
Raise the mercury and put you under Pressure fam
Weather man, [?] put the rains in your set
Stormin' in your city, Suffa the consequence
We on some pompous shit, be on the ledge
Crate full of brakes [?] in the air
Golden Era pair with the Cartel, beware
We shinin' on their heads like a mutherfuckin' chandelier
Out here, bunch of Camembert emcees
Lookin' mad hard, really soft, come and smell the cheese
Bitch please, this is thoroughbred sustenance
Chuck 'em in the trunk like you up at Snuffleupagus
Uh, you know the happening's kid, steady scrappin' for chips
Heavy rappin', no Galapagos  trips
Got my mind on my money son and money on my mind
Put it on, the trifecta, Maundz and Hoods every fuckin' time

[Chorus: Maundz]
We got the shit that make you feel right
Do it to the death and we do it mad nice
Get your boogie on, where we up loud
Tearin' up the stage baby, town to town
State to state, all up in your hemisphere
It don't stop, won't quit

[Verse 3: Suffa]
Check, forever Golden Era, me, P and Maundz here to
Make you get your bars up like patrons in a porn theatre
I'm born with addiction that speaks to my wisdom
You're weak as a kid born into addiction
Give 'em PCP, give 'em DDT
Got a CVC and see what we producin'
I'm with CC, see CCTV
Couldn't even see me the way I keep it movin'
Only eight bars in, this is fun to me (Suffa!)
I'm saying try and fight it
You'll need eight more men to fight one of me: (motherfucker!)
Saving Private Ryan
You will not spit cause shit you just spoil it
You are not fit to drink from a toilet
In a world where all the wrong rappers are rich
Maundz just made you all look as average as shit
And it's like that