[Intro: Inspectah Deck]
It is what it is, my nigga, yeah
More motherfucking verbal madness
More motherfucking beat downs
More smashing your motherfucking head into the fucking wall
Oh No, let’s get it

[Verse 1: Oh No]
Everytime I spit it’s like a hammer spray
Each word is a bullet in the hand of ain't
Infinite ammunition in the chamber gauge
I layin down anybody within the range
Sitting passenger seat up in my nigga’s Range
Windows down and smelling like the illest strain
Can’t outsmoke the O it’s like a loaded train
I derail your tracks then yell my name (Oh No!)
Homie I’m a menace to the music
O-Dog when he shootin, can’t nobody do shit
But I’d rather get my brain boosted
While I’m getting brain from this pretty young thang movin
Now that right there, I call it head stock
Rising in the charts with Czarface, get your head start
With the old hood hoarder, I’m Redd Foxx
Pushing big stones out the quarry like Bedrock

[Hook: Inspectah Deck]
(Still here?) Czarface
(Still here?) Czarface
(Still here?) Czarface
(Still here?) Czarface

[Verse 2: Inspectah Deck]
Aye, yo, I pen heat, Hardaway, surgical gloves, blood on my Prada frames
Smoother than Sade operates, spit until the nozzle ache
Currency tall, what your dollar say
You only a boss at your mama place
I lay my head where the lead fly and choppers chase
Getting bread, pies and cookies on top of cakes
Wu conglomerate, honor me great
I know that ya'll relate, darling your face
Eating pasta plates, not today, greats of all time, my name they got to say
Monumental like Diana as Billie Holiday
Part of day, beats from the east, release for honest pay
Wired for beloving, never mind what the coppers say
Shot clock on top of my game, you can spot em with the model dame
Whole team poppin the same, rep Marvin Gaye
Shark in your way, these niggas Jon Benet
Trademark morphine flow, watch your body shake

[Hook: Inspectah Deck]
(Still here?) Czarface
(Still here?) Czarface
(Still here?) Czarface
(Still here?) Czarface

[Verse 3: Esoteric]
Bodies everywhere, headstones and leg groans
Iron fist in a velvet glove, I know you felt the love
Fuck your lead tool, I'll murk you like Deadpool
Decapitate you early, so I stay ahead of schedule
We arrogant Homes, dap kings no Sharon Jones
We pharaohs in thrones, sub-saharan with the poems
I am a carnivorous beast, I'm made of metal and spikes
I made the living deceased, we some rebels on mics
I’m on the building and I’m sniping the hater
I’m Charlie Manson in a darth helmet : Psycho invader
Eso spazzin on that stupid ass, spit til the computer crash,
Have you breathing through a mask, like Bane or maybe Tuukka Rask
I am taking you to task, kill you, let the funeral pass
I guarantee the coffin fit, like the cats do to grass
I ain’t jokin', feed your family to Logan
It’s like 1000 bones or more for him to bury through the map

[Outro: Inspectah Deck + samples]
Czarface

"He's a karate man, sir, a mean bastard. And in his karate matches, he's killed seven men so far
He must think he's Bruce Lee!"

"Czarface!"
"You [?] running around here
I don't know what the man's problem is, if he thinks he's Optimus Prime or what, but we're gonna show you
We haven't forgotten about you for one minute
We use guys like you for experiments, for medical experiments
We're gonna shape you up, clean your act up, and get you looking right brother!
So when we shoot you back into time, and when we shoot you through the time space continuum"
"You'll be liked!"
"You'll be liked!"
"You'll be liked!"
"You'll be liked!"
"You'll be liked!"
"You'll be liked!"
'You'll be liked!"