[Intro: Inspectah Deck, (Unknown singer)]
(Baby...) Bitch! You know what I want!
(Sweet love.) I wanna talk to Sampson
(Girl... sweet love.. feel.)
I want yo' sweet ?
(Yeah, baby. Sweet love.)
Yeah, BBC status. (Girl.)
Mockin' birds like Zorro
(Feel... baby.. sweet love.)
(Girl... sweet thing... feel what I feel?)

[Verse 1: Inspectah Deck]
Ghetto princess told me she settled out in Flushin' Meadow
Fly chick rockin' size six stilettos
Drapped-out in tailor made leather and suede
A serenade for the moment, then we part ways
Was a church girl, quiet at home, huggin' the pilow and phone
Now you're grown, rollin' bones, holdin' your own
I admire, attire be bold just like her attitude
Jewels from head to toe, glowin' natural
I'm after you, your style's what I'm attracted to
Really seem to keep it movin' when you do pass thru
Knowin' when we bump heads, we will soon bump hips
To be swimmin' in an ocean of love that sunk ships
Homin' with the tight grip, come thunderous
To wake up reminicisin' and spark the blunt clip
Have you lovin' it, wonderin' if I shall return
Forget me not, enternally the flame burns

[Hook: Inspectah Deck, (unknown singer)]
Forget me not (Baby, sweet love.)
Forget me not (Girl, feel what I feel?)
(Baby, sweet love. Girl, feel what I feel?)

[Verse 2: Inspectah Deck]
Last August, I met this hard chick, caught a carbon pick
'bout to visit her, man, in month six
Just comin' home from a two year trip
Now we 'bout to do two cause her man turned snitch
She under pressure, want me to come rescue her
But Inspectah is no haven for the rester
I feel you breakin' out but it's the path you chose
Fuckin' your foes will have sons breakin' your nose
Seen her once or twice now as weeks went by
Slidin by tryin' to hide the black eyes
Lookin' right though, I might go for her seduction
Dangerous curves, I must avoid bein' sucked in
Lustin', I caught her at the function
Slid out the side, saw the ride and jumped in
Later on, the fox unlatched the black box
Got her rocks then collapsed from the backshots

[Hook: Inspectah Deck, (unknown singer)]
Forget me not (Baby, sweet love.)
Forget me not (Girl, feel what I feel?)
(Baby, sweet love. Girl, feel what I feel?)

[Verse 3: Inspectah Deck]
(Last night...) changed it all, I had a ball
First of all, I got an obscene phonecall
All I heard was heavy breathin', laugh sounds and moans
An intimate kiss followed by the dial tone
Repeatedly, this person kept callin' my home
Givin' graphic details of her sexual jones
No clue of who, must've been a total stranger
Annoyin' me, yeah, but talkin' me out my anger
State your name and stop playin' games
If you wanna spark flames, it can be arranged
On your side of town, right around now
What you workin' with, let me know how it's goin' down
Then the phone clicked, then once again, it rang
With directions to the lab, where she's doin' her thang
To my surprise, when I arrived, she had her legs cocked
I got her red hot and blessed the wet spot

[Hook: Inspectah Deck, (unknown singer)] (*til fade*)
Forget me not (Baby, sweet love.)
Forget me not (Girl, feel what I feel?)
(Baby, sweet love. Girl, feel what I feel?)

[Outro: Inspectah Deck *in the background of the Hook*]
Yeah, BBC status
Mockin' birds like Zorro
Give me a phonecall tomorrow