[Intro]
I can't yell right now, cause I'll get fired, and my boss ll' hear me, and then I won't be able to pay off my student loans, but you know what? You're an asshole. I fucking hate you. I bought all your records, this whole fucking time I've been trying to get you to come hang out with me. I'm gonna have people fuck with your food the rest of your trip! You fucking dick!

I like him. That's quite moving

[Verse 1]
To my niggas im considered the best
To those niggas im considered a threat
Cause i dont give it a rest
It's in my nature like Vinny and Treach
That i bless em with the what?
Fuck the world that's that Biggie and Mef
King swing like a master, Bubba Watson
Move with the true nigga, no other option
I see green, like im teeing off golfing
And that's a fact
These cats whack
Call 'em Sharpton
Deck is a colt
Believe how i spit it
The end result is your brain leaking out your fitted
I'm a beast with it
Simply said blink you dead
Since lifes' a bitch my mind always think ahead
Since life's a bitch my mind always think of bread
Got my numbers up
Even the odd's and beat the spread
So king me the crown i need up on my head
Sour by the pound now i'm out to see the dreads

[hook]
I'm gone!
I say i'm more than sick, and no pillar get me off my shit
(dig it!)i'm gone
Point of no return i m out there with an o to burn, you learn
Im gone
I said im lovin' the hate ,supergrind like i hustle with a cape, wait
Im gone
Not a shadow behind, to see me you got to travel in time
My mind is gone!

[Verse 2]
Cooley High brother slide
Keep my fam stoned
Stay fuckin' up your head like some bad dome
Deck deal it
Bet you feel it in your backbone
Shorty strip for a king no stacks thrown
Underdog, but my game straight cash rule
Punish y'all like my name is Frank Castle
Toss a broad to my G that's a lateral
The five-0 always on my back like the admiral
Poppin' on the avenue
Bangin' in ya man's crib
The whole world behind my words like an adlib
You average!
I get's dirty like the bastard
Im eight-thirty
Angry birdy's on the man's dick
Who am i? Im the mic Max Julien
The superfly Truck Turner plus the Wu and 'em
Suicide bomber time's up no defusin'g him
Dude's touch a problem they dont know what do with 'em

[hook]
I'm gone!
I say i'm more than sick, and no pillar get me off my shit
(dig it) i'm gone
Point of no return i m out there with an o to burn, you learn
I'm gone
I said im lovin' the hate , supergrind like i hustle with a cape, wait, I'm gone
Not a shadow behind, to see me you got to travel in time
My mind is gone!