ATm Verse 1:
This Boss Life ain’t a gift. This some shit that I earned
Reflecting over my blessing watching the tables turn
I was a Lil nigga. Now im big shit
Bad bitch .. Half a zip.. hella bongs rips
European tours, room service, sandy shores
Don’t mind spending money. im planning on making more
Hustler mentality, Go getter reality
Used to killing haters.. Causing casualties casually
Ripping mic with a vengeance . in the house like a tenant
Living like pharaoh .. herringbone Egyptian linen
Look how far I came from packs of ramen noodles
Chasing classy women I say bye. they say toodles
I never thought ...it.. would be.. like this
Accomplishing accomplishments scratching it off my list
Damn momma I made .. on the route to being famous
Call this music my mule and my 40 acres


Chorus:
How can i ever see the light if i dont ever see the dark....
My dreams looking so real that i can't tell them apart

ATm Verse 2:
A young nigga from the south side of the chi
I had  to leave the nest in order for me to fly!
Its my time and I know it fuck all my opponents
Finna cop a range with compartments and components
I know I’m Gon make it  ain't no hoping  finally getting Noticed
No more doors with the final Notice. No vermin, no rats or roaches
Shit. Maybe we should toast to this
Damn it feel good I waited o so long for this
And it’s here… o and its finally here
After some change of self.  I had to Look in the mirror
The Rear view. Haters I can't hear you
House up on hill im enjoying the clear view
So is yo main thang When she with me she don’t complain
She said you really love her... Damn what a shame
Don’t hate the player... my nigga you should hate the game
Now my life and my dreams are one in the same

Chorus:
I can i ever see the light if i dont ever see the dark....
My dreams looking so real that i can't tell them apart


Tabi Bonney:

Sleep walking in the parking lot
I be pumping Burt Bacharach
I be taking all taking all types of shots
Half court flow like
Whop
All net
Corvette
Sting ray
Tabi Bonney
I'm accustomed to killin shit
My Arsonal is infinite
I came up off the hustle
These money bags need all muscle
Flexing like
And off tonight
Imagine when I'm on young
Kick game is just awesome
Pick up when that call come
Ring ring hello hello
Money on the line all the time
Like double y's on the clothes line
Extra wet hanging out
It all started on them tape cassettes
Moonwalk when I sleepwalk
Taste too expensive for your cheap talk
Bodying all types of shit with ATM we need chalk
Keep my dough in a deep vault
The dream is real just like we thought
Popping up with Faberge's like young look what we got
Banging out with these goals of mine
These girls I know keep a open mind
Got another call coming in
Yep
Hold the line