[Intro: Tha Dogg Pound]
What up?
Like that muthafucka, ay blaze it up!
Like that muthafucka
(Don't shoot!)

[Verse One: Kurupt]
Now my rhymes, are as potent as pipebombs
It takes time to concoct rhymes like mines
Like land mines, all set to explode
Microphones, all set to unload
So, watch the means, watch the zone
I'm in a temple with a million dead MC microphones
And they all wanted back by their peeps
Sleep if you dare, cause death catch niggas when they sleep
Beware of the consequences, it's senseless
To face a prosecuted life or death MC sentence
Travel through your inner thoughts
Just to vision how far I can get, explore to the inner core
And ain't stopped yet, continue the journey
Cause all that shit you kick just don't concern me
You can't U-turn me, back-to-reality, where niggas pack straps
And they mentality react so violently to leave MC's breathin silently
With hollow point talons for the violence
Ain't no harmin me, ain't got no love for no hoes in harmony
It's easy to find MC's to execute
Chances of survival too small to compute
Recognize, like this was Samuel Sneed
I grip the microphone continue with my devilish deeds
Cause all I see, in my M-I-N-D
Is D-P-G, for L-I-F-E
And all I see, on the M-I-C
Is another mangled MC opposin me
Supposed to be, regulatin in this rap era
Made one error up against the microphone terror
It takes two to tangle
I told Daz don't worry like Keith Murray I'mma strangle
MC's, with the microphone cord
You don't faze, your thoughts been invaded and explored
I know the ins and the outs to you buddy
I know where you live, and how you make your money
I came to violate you, desecrate you, I create two
Murderous scenes, can you relate to

[Chorus: Dogg Pound (gun fight in background)]
A Dogg Pound Gangsta (DPG)
I'm a Dogg Pound Gangsta (DPG)
Straight Dogg Pound Gangsta
I'm a Dogg Pound Gangsta (DPG)

[Verse Two: Daz]
I got the right to serve your ass when you headin to school
Cause I'm Dat Nigga Daz bitch, and I'mma fuckin fool
Don't play with my head nigga, killers don't speak
Come out the woodworks on your ass, then niggas start to streak
Unmatched in my inner circle
Where only G's roam, hellhounds in the war zone
Not giving a mad fuck (about what?)
About your click, or what you representin ain't meanin shit
Bustas jump and get they fuckin wig split
Caught up in the twist while I'm stickin dick to your bitch
You don't know me cause I'm down to do low
Your bitch is jockin' Daz I'm diggin' deep as Cousteau, check it out
(Kurupt)
I'm, massive, you get your ass kicked
Tangle with assassins down for mad shit
(Daz)
Nigga the strap's in your hand, now what you gon do
Is you gon blast me, and blast Kurupt too
Are you just gonna hold it and act like a bitch, where's he at?
Cause I got me a gat
And I'mma show him how a true G's sposed to act with a strap
(There's somethin bout bein a Dogg Pound Gangsta nigga)
Till I die, Dogg Pound for life
Show me a ho and I'll be fuckin that bitch by midnight (but see)
It ain't nuthin nice, shakin these niggas like dice
I told you once, so I ain't sayin it twice
Dogg Pound Gangsta!!

[Chorus]
A Dogg Pound Gangsta (DPG)
I'm a Dogg Pound Gangsta (DPG)
Straight Dogg Pound Gangsta
I'm a Dogg Pound Gangsta (DPG)
A Dogg Pound Gangsta (DPG)
I'm a Dogg Pound Gangsta (DPG)
Straight Dogg Pound Gangsta
I'm a Dogg Pound Gangsta (DPG)

[Snoop]
Straight up, straight up, haha
It's all i know, it's all I live fo
Is D-P-G, when I wake up in the morning
All I see is D-P-G, it's all I know

[W-BALLS radio skit]
Its slippery out there in wicked nights, so yall drivers
Yall slow down, be carful that you dont run into nobody
Put all them Yak down and them Chronic joints and bangin, go on and make it home, ‘cause you know people in California can’t drive
This is the late night conversation hour, baby, coming at you live
Its the 2:35 AM from the Zone with the Balls
The Megatraon Max DJ, giving you the beats back that made us all
Call in if you got something good to say, or even bad, i dont give a damn
Thats 3-1-O-D-A-P-O-U-N-D W Balls, one-eight-seven point 4, FM, on your dial, motherfucker, call in
Caller-Caller, yes, your on the line. now whatchu gotta say about that respect?
Now, your dying over there?
-Excuse me, I’m taking a shit
-Oh, thats what it is
-This is John from “John’s Adult Toys & Dildos”, out here in Lakewood
You know, umm, I like what you'r… i like what you guys are doing
And i think its pretty cool
-You sure u ain't dying, man?
-But, uhh, anyhow, you know, were giving a 5 precent discounts on each other that u buy
-5 precent huh? u should be giving 15 precent. Much time u taking up
Next caller, please, let me hear somebody on the line with something new. I hope u wipe yo’ ass, man
-Heyyy!
This is Monster-Pohh from Gayside Gangstats, we in the house!
All i like to know is when u gonna be giving away some of them tickets?
Ya know what am saying? and also when can i speak to EZ-Dick?
EZ-Dick is not in right now
You need to drink some muthafukkin' [?]
The next caller, caller number 10, you win the tickets, so just call in
But right we wanna play the number one song of the day “Respect”