'Intro'
Yeah, its the archbishop Don Magic Juan again, now i find myself, where my gng has been tested. But it ain't no problem about that because it has come up, as pure as though i seen the score of my game, and it was 103. So playas why you tryna get your instructions, under sound of this beat, and under the sound of this music? We want you to know that its live and authentic

'Verse 1, Soopafly'
Im fucking with the game, got a tight grip on the game, gotti say cash, that bitch jump to it she gots to do it. Nothing less than Soopapimp recup a grip, hoes locked fucking with those square bitches i chose not. I fuck with the hoes that niggas love, niggas pay for, wine and dine and and sweat faithful, but they know the code, daddy gotta make dough, just another victim of operation break hoe. I got back up, just in case one act up, dont get a mack uptight, you'll get slapped up right in your jaw, pimpin be raw, i got hoes on the grind with their backs to the wall, with nothing to lose pick the right button to choose, to activate my macking rate back up to the top, back up to the block with my caddillac dropped to the side gangsta lean checking on my green


'Chourus' Snoop Dogg
You get the money, and on a dare, i get the money out the bitch and the i break up, ain't nothing to it, i got to do it, that how a nigga got to keep this shit here moving bitch. I like breaking these broads, i like finessing these broads, the best of the broads yeah yall. I like finessing these broads, the best of these broads, i like breaking these broads

Verse 2 Snoop Dogg
Ooooooo Weeeeee, thats so easy to do, but it just might not be that easy for you, i got a crew of bitches, a whole slew of bitches, Detroit, Kansas City and som St. Louis bitches. Yes, im international, into cashing hoes and i dress very fashionable, so pace ya patience I play with a bitch min like The Matrix, i love my latex, i practice safe sex, if you fuck with my bitch i get all your paycheck. It's just my reflex to reflect and regulate, and go hard on these bitches like Nate. It's great that you wanna take that hoe on a date, but me i tell that bitch to get my paper straight, stack my paper plate, cause im on a paper chase, im tryna get that mansion with them iron gates

'Chourus' Snoop Dogg
You get the money, and on a dare, i get the money out the bitch and the i break up, ain't nothing to it, i got to do it, that how a nigga got to keep this shit here moving bitch. I like breaking these broads, i like finessing these broads, the best of the broads yeah yall. I like finessing these broads, the best of these broads, i like breaking the law, like breaking these broads

'Verse 3 Snoop Dogg & Soopafly'
'Snoop Dogg'
Yeah, Soopafly and Snoop and we done came together and formed a pimp group. Could you imagine? Willie Dynamite and Kid Do It Right in the same house on the same night? Man, theres bitches everywhere, with a whole lot of ????? and a whole lot of ?????, and this is dedicated to the playas, keep pimpin on a bitch like yippie yeah yeah
'Soopafly'
Oh bitch dont play with money, Soopa got a strong backhand ready and it won't be funny. Now have my dough out i got my pimp playa Snoop here bitch dont make me show out, fuck with a how about, she best to know about pimpin all up in your face never going out. I snap my fingers my hoe starts showing mouth, a barracuda bitch will show you what a hoe about

'Chourus' Snoop Dogg
You get the money, and on a dare, i get the money out the bitch and the i break up, ain't nothing to it, i got to do it, that how a nigga got to keep this shit here moving bitch. I like breaking these broads, i like finessing these broads, the best of the broads yeah yall. I like finessing these broads, the best of these broads, i like breaking the law, like breaking these broads