[Intro: Dat Nigga Daz]
Yeah, back up in yo' ass with a twenty sack
Don't wanna fuck with me
Dogg Pound Gangstas, we do it like that
Motherfuckers out there be, like, takin' our styles
Be tryin' to do they own little dissin'
But they can't do it, you know
So we gonna do it like this
Sit back relax and get a cool one

[Verse 1: Kurupt (Dat Nigga Daz)]
(Have you ever heard of a slaughter?) I oughta start dippin'
Sippin' on that S-T gets me to trippin'
I don't slips, I bangs
With that mad-ass Dogg Pound Gang it's a DPG thang
Kurupt from the S.C.
You wanna test me, let's see if you'll survive .45 times
Like a hollow-point headed for your dome
Take a couple of steps, turn around, and it's on
Couldn't withstand the murderous mental
I subdue, and then take two to your temple
When I cause holocaust from what's written
Niggas collapsing when the straps is spittin'
Look, this is how it's done, nigga
One two three, I grab my strap, you best run, nigga
I gives a fuck, Kurupt's the kingpin of the click
Littlest G, with the biggest dick

[Verse 2: Dat Nigga Daz]
Shit, a motherfucker better recognize
With a twist of my wrist like O.J. you all die
I snack on motherfuckers like a bone
Known to be the shit upon the microphone
Ever since I was born; not to ever love a bitch
Learned game after game, that's why we are the best
Motherfuckers be gankin' styles minute after minute
But soon as you did it, I smelled the niggas shitted

[Hook: Daz, Snoop Dogg, and Jewell]
Now what would you do
If you could fuck with me or my crew?
But you can't, so don't even think about
Steppin' in the motherfuckin' house
Now what would you do
If you could fuck with me or my crew?
But you can't, so don't even think about
Steppin' in the motherfuckin' house

[Verse 3: Dat Nigga Daz]
Bitches butterfly all day, while I steady make my pay
Every single day in the LBC
Cruisin' through the Eastside, me and Lil' Style
In the back of a green 6-4 bustin' freestyles

[Verse 4: Kurupt the Kingpin]
There's no escape, give me the papes and the tape case
How much money can a nigga make in one place?
The review, ain't shit new
You stupid motherfuckers can't fuck with my crew

[Verse 5: Dat Nigga Daz]
I see all these niggas tryin' to get with my kin folk
Get so many busters on the West Coast
And then, to say the least
I see a few trick-ass niggas layin' low on the East Coast
And the question is asked: Do you wanna rap, scrap, or blast?
'Cause Dat Nigga Daz'll be the first one to hit him
Oh yeah, fuck B.G. Knocc Out and every nigga down wit' him
'Cause I'm a natural born killer
In a Steeler hat, motherfucker, 'cause it's like that

[Hook: Daz, Snoop Dogg, and Jewell]
Now what would you do
If you could fuck with me or my crew?

[Verse 6: Kurupt]
There's so many motherfuckers that I can include
Who's quick to blast motherfuckers in a feud?
It doesn't make a difference
'Cause it's about who's the quickest
On the draw to end all existence
For instance, let's take these Ruthless fools
These Ruthless fools and the Pound in one room
Assume, it's only for conversation
So let's conversate, slip a nigga the .38, then dip
Empty out the clip
Mind on set-trip, 'cause niggas talk shit

[Verse 7: Dat Nigga Daz]
Now if a nigga had a prayer before a nigga died
Would the nigga be dead or would he stay alive?
And if I was in your shoes, would I survive?
Probably not, you'd probably let your Glock go pop
Now drop to your knees
And picture Dat Nigga Daz flowin' in the breeze

[Hook: Daz, Snoop Dogg and Jewell]
Now what would you do
If you could fuck with me or my crew?
But you can't, so don't even think about
Steppin' in the motherfuckin' house
Now what would you do
If you could fuck with me or my crew?
But you can't, so don't even think about
Steppin' in the motherfuckin' house, bitch!

[Outro: Big Pimpin' Delemond, Jewell]
From the twitch of the eyes
You can see the line, just know it when you see it
'Cause it messes up the flow, to the real fillings, y'know
And I'd rather be sippin' on a glass of wine
Can you feel yourself in the room with Everlast
Tryin' to steal a flow, I don't think so
Cock-blockers come with their hearts beatin' jealousy
Then away like a stray dog
Tryin' to claim every bitch as his own
Cock-blockers, come in every color
Even blue, yeah, this is true
Tryin' to fuck your woman, and even you
Now what the fuck would you do, motherfucker?!