[Verse 1: SDotBraddy]
You can't tell me shit; Hold up
I dont really think they got it at first
Let me talk my shit spit truth on a verse
Let me talk to them niggas even though its gone hurt
Just watch as I bet, them niggas gone fall off over time like Ace bezel on T.V
So ya life a movie ? Come on fuck nigga boy you not a emcee, and you never keep it g
And ya girl say she want me to stick
So I left her ass barely walking like Flynn
While you in the crib waiting on her ass go figure
She ain't never coming back Ol Huell Ass nigga
I'm typically physically scaring you mentally
Pull out the stick and put you out your misery
Wrote this in braille so I know that you feeling me
Niggas are hoes and don't know they identity
In 6 months got on MTV
Now she blow a nigga up like TNT
No pie niggas in my circumference, so you can march boy cause you too weak
Cause I did this shit with no co-sign
Me and Marc met back in 09
Ganged up around last year
Did it independent, yea the whole time
So ya'll can't tell me shit
Nah nigga fuck that ya'll suck my dick
Middle finger to the Radio, Labels, and Media blogs who dont even want to post a nigga shit
Boy I'm a young nigga getting it
No fake or gimmick shit
We are not one in the same or equivalent
Niggas are mad that a young nigga killing shit
Boy they gone hate just as long as they hearing it

[Verse 2: Curtis Williams]
Niggas talking shit, who the fuck is you?
Couple shots, kush blunts that's what I've been through
I got a plan to be the man and bitch I'm on my way
85 blowing smoke out on the highway
Heading to M.I.A
Shoutout my nigga Bank$
Watch your mouth around the gang cause they don't fucking play
Making sure I get some money each and everyday
Anti violent but if you want it we gone let them spray

[Hook: SDotBraddy]
You can't tell me shit, who the fuck is you?
I put in overtime, look what I've been through
You can't tell me shit, who the fuck is you?
I put in overtime, look what I've been through
Look what I've been through
Look what I've been through
You can't tell me shit, who the fuck is you?
I put in overtime, look what I've been through
Look what I've been through
Look what I've been through

[Verse 3: Denzel Curry]
R-runnin’ through hell with gasoline drawers on
Blowtorch when i’m scorchin’ the dragon’s back
But that’s the female that’s fuckin’ with donkey
She yellin’ get on me but she got “the clap”
Burn! Lemme put my kids in her perm, (?)
Said how you doin, (?), waka-waka-waka, Pac-Man germs, erm. Naw, no games, no first names, likes to fuck
And bumps 2 Chainz. Go (?), i’m like bitch paid in full
She enter my course, she said lay by the pool
I’m Curry the killer my nigga she lovin' (?) diamonds and jewels. Get it?
Maybe not. Just know that I hit that twat
Lot of you niggas can’t tell me shit
I’m hard as a rock, cook Dwayne in a pot
Like “pow” that crack, nigga that crack
You can't tell me shit so mothafuckin’ bring that chorus back like…

[Hook]

[Verse 4: Robb Bank$]

They say 2 phone you wildin', textin' and drivin'
Sextin' and talking to Siri like she yo bestfriend
Who da fuck is you?
Got a bitch fly me out on Jetblue
You save hoes, rescue, rescue (blip blip)
Got a whole lot of cash boy, I'm only bout the racks (Racks)
Aye, Police don't scare me, I know that they listening
While I'm talking business, make sure that the lingo PG
While I'm on the 3G, keep tapping my phone
That doesn't mean they like what they see

[Verse 5: Sir Michael Rocks]