[Verse 1: Denzel Curry]
Stephen the King, open a book and I live in a [?]
'Cuz I ride like Christine, Strobe like [?]
Killer the [?], Witnesses leaving the scene
I'm running with men and the Gods and the Kings
Aquarius Killa the murder-machine
Bam Bam Bam when I'm cocking that Beam[?]
Plus [?] that I spent on that Lean
Word, leaving this shit in the dirt
After he came from a church
Riding a hearse
Curry the Killer, the curse
Putting my dick in her skirt
Making her squirt cause she love it
Polite, LeToya Luckett
Sing on my dick then I kick her like a bucket
But Raider ain't dying, Killer Curry keep them frying
Cry me a river, then drag them to the river
Then I make them quiver shiver
That nigga make them quiver, cold
Denzel Curry, I'm in my motherfucking mode

[Hook: Speak]
How many bitches do you got inside the hatchback?
How much money can you stuff inside a knapsack?
I need a couple happy meals and a lapdance
Shit, I ain't hard to please

What kind of gun do you hide inside your shoe box?
Do you still hide money in your tube socks?
You ever lick a few shots at a new cop?
Shit, Now bring 'em up to speed

[Verse 2: Mike Dece]
No more xannies bitch, theres just a cup of alcohol
Mix it with some juicy juice and take that shit with adderall
Sip the shake until my liver breaks
Fuck her in her little face
And afterwards I take all of the shit she makes
There's cocaine on her dinner plate
She snorts until her motherfucking vision pixelates
Asked the bitch if she wanted a giant dick to taste
When she says yes I beat that pussy till it fucking breaks
I come in this bitch, liking the pussy I'm licking on, fucking and rubbing the clit
Don't give a fuck or a shit
Raider the klan you know that we running this shit
Triple the six
Meant it to sell at VA, now it's at 90 to 6
Spitting this shit like I come with a lisp
Truthfully bitches just cum on the big dick
And it's all in her lips
Enough of this shit let's go back to the crib
Came in the crib with a couple of clips
Close on my left there's a gun on my hip
Swag and I'm running a bitch
Hotter than a fucking brick
Off timing, fuck a rhyme scheme, I'm just grinding

[Hook: Speak]
How many bitches do you got inside the hatchback?
How much money can you stuff inside a knapsack?
I need a couple happy meals and a lapdance
Shit, I ain't hard to please

What kind of gun do you hide inside your shoe box?
Do you still hide money in your tube socks?
You ever lick a few shots at a new cop?
Shit, Now bring 'em up to speed

[Verse 3: Lofty305]
Girl, I want your pussy
Your pussy feels beautiful to me
And when I'm inside that pussy
The future is all I can see

Sliding up in it
Lofty305 gonna fuck you 'til you finish
'Til you finish and it's diminished
Then I'ma keep stroking to get my nut in
Then I'ma slap your ass on your fat butt baby girl
Yeah you know you wanna just suck it
Because you so fine like LeToya Luckett
It's getting red, Lofty305 I pimp fat
With the mad fuckin' honeybuns
Plenty honey [?]
Plenty hundies in my wallet, son
Lofty305 got all these bitches, yeah
I got the broads and now they're on, son
Like It's N64, yeah nigga, ch'yeah

[Verse 4: Ruben Slikk]
305 Dade county where a nigga live
Bust a nut, cover up her face with jizz
Bust a nut, teabag that dirty slut
Fuck the bitch in the coochie, mouth and the butt
3 holes so you know you gotta fill em all
Hit every fucking ho, drink the alcohol
Tell the bitch "drink the alcohol or the get the ball"
Put that bitch up on the tub and now she's so far
Gone on all up in the room butt naked dancing
Now the ho butt naked and she booty shaking
Oh shit, now that shit done turned on, good music so the bitch finna suck my dong, suck m'shlong, what I told to a Jewish ho

Aw, I was gonna rip it