[Verse: J.K. The Reaper]
You's a - mother - fucking -duck, nigga!
Ay, I can’t fuck with fuck niggas
All I know is drug dealers and young niggas
I'm from Carolina where the racists had them torches, ay
Look around the room and all I see pussies, like a orgy
That's why I’m gon' keep this 40 until I'm 40, uh
[?] Rick and Morty
Take his Jordans turn 'em into an organ donor
Bitch I'm nervous
I'm twisted off this gin
Give a fuck about a friend
They gon' end up being an enemy in the end
In th-
Wait
Oh my god, holy shit
Fuck what you saying, I'm Broly, bitch
Call on my kamikaze ghost
Sayin’ my name and I’m at the door, yuh
Candyman, Candyman
Takin' your bitch out to candyland
Better headshot on your first try, cause if a nigga miss he a dead man, yuh!

[Hook: J.K. The Reaper]
Yea, howlin’ at the moon
Bitch I clean how I sweep 'em with the broom
Bruh you'll understand soon
When I die, play this in my tomb
I'm a real nigga, not a cartoon
Fuck ’em with the-

[Interlude]
Army of one, I'm the lord of my church. I wrote the book, I'm the man on the cross, I'm the boss, and I believe. Amen

[Verse: Denzel Curry]
I'm a foolie with the toolie
Take the mask off, like I was Scooby
Leave the opposition out
Line a chalk [?] to booty
This ain't a movie, but I'll hit you with this firestick
Y'all niggas can't handle the truth like liar liar, bitch
Just like Mariah, I'ma Carey the Cannon, can't stand it
I be a bandit, you a bandit not left with a bandage
I'm doin' damage like Charmeleon vs. a Bulbasaur
Y'all niggas in my World of Warcraft, you fuck with the overlord
You under my sword, like the son of King Arthur
Built the game up and I ain't talking MacArthur
You could be a mobster, but I'm the Godfather
Bitch, I'm so high I could've been God's father, yuh!

[Hook: J.K. The Reaper]
Yea, howlin' at the moon
Bitch I clean how I sweep 'em with the broom
Bruh you'll understand soon
When I die, play this in my tomb
I'm a real nigga, not a cartoon (yuh, yuh, yuh)
Yea, howlin' at the moon
Bitch I clean how I sweep 'em with the broom
Bruh you'll understand soon
When I die, play this in my tomb
I'm a real nigga, not a cartoon
Fuckin with the-