[Verse 1: Nell]
I remember when we used to camp out in the sheds
Smoking packs bagging' hella' stacks and calculatin' bred
I was 15 following the figure I was fed
Fighting life cuz' the man I wanna be once never lived
Right-Righteousness got me thinking for niggas
Instead like poppa planning producers the profit pay the plate
Understanding this key to the knowledge to the day
I can't give you the game, but I can show you the way

[Hook: Nell]
With a little bit of trust, my nigga we can take over the world, so We and life is way bigger than us
We represent a generation forever and we ready to ride whenever It's pressure, we just go, get through it
With a little bit of trust, my nigga we can take over the world, so We and life is way bigger than us
We represent a generation forever, and we ready to ride whenever It's pressure, we just go, get through it together

[Verse 2: Denzel Curry]
We are not a gang, we are not a cult
Life is like a dollar bill these crackers wanna keep me in the vault
Shock me with a million volts if they don't get me they Gon' kill me And probably blame it on the false memory that I'm concealing.
Praying for the day my people wise up, size up
Take the culture from us we take their land we ride up, Rise up
Even when I die I live eternally, life of a true revolutionary
Mental my frame mostly military, die on my feet couldn't live on my knees
Die on your feet never live on your knees
Do not give in or succumb to the knees

[Hook: Nell]
With a little bit of trust, my nigga we can take over the world, so We and life is way bigger than us
We represent a generation forever and we ready to ride whenever It's pressure, we just go, get through it.
With a little bit of trust, my nigga we can take over the world, so We and life is way bigger than us.
We represent a generation forever, and we ready to ride whenever It's pressure, we just go, get through it together.

[Verse 3: Nell]
Life, repeats itself repeatedly.
Rise same bitch out to suck a nigga energy dry
Got us feeling like we should go down in history, penitentiaries got Us in the darkness and we need light, lee-life living legacy, got me Feeling like the pegasus won't get the best of me.
Cause we ball like I'm the youngin' I give you numbers I throw one Hundreds, so don't fuck with me our perpatraitors be buck 50.
Cuz I, apologize to certain people, what I gotta do to make them Keep it real, for all my enemies I need a deal, never comfortable With evil, but cross me and I'll make you meet the steel, so let me Show you how you post to feel.

[Hook: Nell]
With a little bit of trust, my nigga we can take over the world, so We and life is way bigger than us
We represent a generation for ever and we ready to ride whenever It's pressure, we just go, get through it.
With a little bit of trust, my nigga we can take over the world, so We and life is way bigger than us.
We represent a generation for ever, and we ready to ride Whenever it's pressure, we just go, get through it together.