[Chorus]
That nigga nice, that nigga mean, switch it up
That nigga raw, that nigga green, switch it up
That nigga lost, he in the lead, switch it up
I'ma get money by any means, run it up

[Verse 1]
Uh huh, to be or not to be? (Huh)
Hamlet  I'm lit
If it ain't homicide, I don't commit
Y'all throw a fit when you don't got a fit
If you put out a hit
Bet you the killer ain't gon' make a cent
Bitch, it's a Miami nigga no Moonlight
Let's take it back to the crib (Aah!)
One of my homies, he pull the gun on me
He turnin' cold on me like meet the maker
So super phony as if he don't know me
I see what they told me about the hater
And I wasn't even phased, in the hottest of the blaze
Talkin' 'bout a nigga changed with a pocket full of change
Brain disorder, blame this for the pain in Florida
Bipolar, vibe over, time slower I'm sober, now I sorta see (huh)
What is going on with me? (huh)
Gotta shout-out *censored* G
You did wrong, but it's done for the right
New friends, new flies they swarm to the light
Money and a new girl that's warm for the night
Do a hoe like clothes they worn for the night like

[Chorus]
That nigga nice, that nigga mean, switch it up
That nigga raw, that nigga green, switch it up
That nigga lost, he in the lead, switch it up
I'ma get money by any means, run it up

[Verse 2]
Uh huh, how can I see through my lenses
When I can't see who my friend is, huh?
Wanna be down as dependent
Would you give up your appendix? (Huh?)
If life is hangin' by a thread (Whoo!)
Then a nigga just might be dead (Bah!)
If my life was in your hands (Bah!)
Now a nigga don't trust no man (Aah!)
Maybe I shoulda been shot on the day that it happened
When you started snappin' on me (Whoo!)
They only seen on one side
Now it's deeper than rap and a nigga move back to the 3 (Whoo!)
Get back good with the boys in my hood
'cause it ain't about no other (Damn!)
I got new niggas tellin' these new niggas
That I don't fuck with my brother (God damn!)
They only know Denzel Curry (What?)
But they really don't know Denzel (Okay!)
Everybody wanna ride waves (Okay!)
And jump when the ship don't sail (Whoo!)
You did wrong, not done for the right
New friends, new flies, you flew to the life (flew to the life!)
Funny what these new niggas might do for the hype (do for the hype!)
Lesson learned, I'm goin' on through wit ya life like

[Chorus]
That nigga nice (that nigga nice!), that nigga mean, switch it up
That nigga raw, that nigga green, switch it up
That nigga lost, he in the lead, switch it up
I'ma get money by any means, run it up
That nigga nice, that nigga mean, switch it up
That nigga raw, that nigga green, switch it up
That nigga lost, he in the lead, switch it up
I'ma get money by any means, run it up