[Intro: Denzel Curry]
Ayo man, remember when we used to go to the bodegas man?
Just cop a couple Philly's man
Just to put the mothafuckin' dutch in there, split it open
You know the dutch master killer nigga? Ayo
This remind me back in them summers in the 90's man
Yo let me- let me take it back

[Verse: Denzel Curry]
I remember being posted on the avenue
Mimickin' the moves I used to see these other rappers do
That must've been the summer back in 1992
Everglades swag with the swanky alligator shoes
The type of dude to lay a broad down in broad day
My kinda chick the type of chick you see on Broadway
Sunday mornin' I pick her up on God's day
Niggas pressin' fam, now they gotta learn the hard way
Steven Seagal find it hard that I'm hard to kill
George Foreman say the word, time to guard your grill
Be for real, you knew cats don't want beef for real
Talk shit, now I gotta call my dog Jabril
You got a circle full of Urkel's all name Jaleel
Like a soup kitchen, bitch we out here makin' meals
I send 'em to the doctor, have 'em watching Dr. Phil
Oprah police the block with a couple soldiers
Everywhere I go I gotta kill a cobra
Cut 'em off, tell the fam cut the grass lower
The slow rise givin' to the slow guys, I
On the block like mustards giving bean pies, I
Just a nigga on the block with the forte
I got the style way back in like '88
In '88 I was pushin' dope
I was pushin' Cola-Cola, now I push and cope
You niggas out here lookin' for the fuckin' pope
But the pope is the nigga that deliver dope for me
It's the O.G, came through, low-key
Lookin' like Loki, Thor brother on me
You niggas thinkin' that you marvels
I got a mansion and floors all marble
Strong arm robbery, I'm feelin' like Arnold Schwarzenegger
I take the knife in time to sort a nigga
Yeah, I sort a nigga out like taxes
Lookin' like, who the mothafucka' with the magic?
Johnson, the aids, the decease came through
I [?] squeeze, if you talk shit [?] peace out

[Outro]
Yo son, yo son, stop the track yo
Yo, stop the track, yo! (What happened buddy?)
Look, I walked forty blocks for this shit
I need the chopped cheese on time
(But I don't have the chopped cheese)
You got me all the way tight
My fuckin' Uptown's is scuffed
I'm hot right now (What do I have to do?)
My metro card just ran out of money
(But do you know how to do it?)
All that shit (buddy, buddy guy!)
Fuck a dollar cab, nigga (listen, I did not get your card my friend!)
You buying me a fucking dollar cab, nigga
(my friend, I did not receive your card money, listen!)
I need that shit on a hero, all day
Cheddar cheese, chopped cheese, nigga
(I don't know what this cheese is my friend! what cheese are you talking about?!)
Give me my shit so I can get up outta here, deadass