[Intro: Denzel Curry]
Man, shout out to the nigga who made this beat
(That my nigga LoRd Lu C N!)
That nigga used to live across the street! (you damn right!)
(Zone 3, nigga, yeah, ULT, nigga, yeah)
Ayo, LoRd Lu C N, I'm 'bout to go in on these fuck niggas
Let's do it one time, 6 Billion

[Verse 1: Denzel Curry]
Got a new old Benz
With a brand new bitch so don't disturb my zen
I'm rollin' up on them doves with them 20's and 10's
I'm 'bout to take you deeper what you see inside my lens
It's the nigga cookin' up
I'm chefin' up the fucking death
It's Curry the Killa, that nigga, I'm the dope, bitch, I'm the meth
So check my method, man, just like I was in Wu-Tang Clan
You must be high or somethin', on a motherfuckin' Xan
Because I'm sticky
It's Zeltron and I'm out of this bitch, I'm with it
Y'all niggas think you godly but you motherfuckin' wicked
Your bitch is out here chewin' so she lookin' for the licky
Them niggas talking shit, we totin' shit that look like midgets
Three digits, 9-1-1
Now I gotta kill your son
If I can't kill off your son then I gotta kill your hun'
That's your baby boo, that's your baby moms
Now I'm dropping bombs
Like I was a don, no Islam
Blowing up the prom
Leave a bloody pawn, you's a pawn
Nigga you's a swan
Wet your ass up, I'm the don
Nigga, Zeltron Six Billion
Ways to die if a nigga try
Nigga I'm the the guy
Who am I? Nigga, don't reply
All about my cream so I guess I Ben and Jerry them
Interfere with that then I guess I'll Halle Berry them
Scary like a anti-fairy, comin' at your crew like Terry
Ultimate be the military, till they put me in solitary
Back in my shell like I was Gary
Even on obituary I'll still be a visionary
Curry, the revolutionary

[Outro: J.K. The Reaper]
Mm, my nigga Zeltron in final form in this mothafucka
It's over for you niggas
You need to take your little records
Tuck 'em in your ass cheek and walk home limping
'Cause it's over fuck nigga, damn!
You hear me nigga!
Hey b- wha- wha? Hey shut up bitch!
Don't you hear me talkin'? Don't y- shut the fuck up!
Ayy I'm back in this bitch
All you mayonnaise sandwich ass niggas is sauce-less
And we up in this mothafucka trippin' nigga
Trippin' don't slip hoe! don't slip hoe!
I'm trippin' in this bitch!
Ayy, ayy they tellin' a nigga to calm down
You need to pipe up mothafucka!
AAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!