[Intro]
Hey! This is Skitty Rock (G!) At the hip hop barber shop
It's time to floss with Kris Kross
So bust a move big baby (heh,heh)

[Verse 1: Mac Daddy]
It's like 3 into the 2 and 2 into the 1
No it don't stop, no it don't stop
It Keeps on humming, coming at ya I choked up in this Macadoshish rap sha
And you can't sleep and you can't eat
All you do is geek geek geek off the funk that I freak in ya jeep
(Is it Real?) Now you know it don't get realer than this
The M-A-C-D-A double D-Y taking you to total bliss
And it don't stop and it don't quit serving all them little fools for a 9 Trey like this

[Verse 2: Daddy Mac]
It's that nigga that them litters can't stay away from
I gets dumb ditty ditty dumb dumb
(Worda!) Ya steady steady loving what ya heard
(But uh!) Ya wonder if we fallin' of the curve
(Or ah!) When we maintain the same thing we maintained
When we came from Jump, Warm it Up and It's a Shame

[Hook: Together and (Snoop Dogg Sample)]
I'm Real!
(And that's realer than real deal Holyfield...)
So all that stuff that you pop needs to stop cause I'm real
(And that's realer than real deal Holyfield...)
It ain't my fault, what I drop is the top, so just chill!
(And that's realer than real deal Holyfield...)
And all that stuff that ya pop needs to stop cause I'm real
(And that's realer than real deal Holyfield...)
And when I drop what I drop niggas know the deal

[Verse 3: Daddy Mac]
Just call me the real one, like Cyprus Hill son
I freak the funk the phone freaks me and I gets ill (Come!)
(Ain't nothing to it to make ya boogie I just do it with ease)
Think you could get with these, All ya get is these and my K-C-I-D
My man in ya mouth
Moment to let them boys from the south drop the house
(Why's that?) Cause I'm steady steady breaking em off
(Why's That?) They ain't ready cause they way to soft

[Verse 4: Mac Daddy]
Well make way for the Mac, for the Mac pack
That's got you back against the fools talking this and that
I hit em up with the (BOOYA!)
Make em say (Oh Child!)
Where did ya get ya frame of my Macadoshish smooth style from
I know you want some I know you want some
It's nothing but the bomb nothing but the bomb and here it comes!
See, the quicker quicker ripper done got a lot bigger since the last time you heard me rhyme so I figure
I kick a dose of flows for those schmoes that try to play the K's and act like they don't know It goes
On and on till the break of dawn nonstop baby pop till the early morn'
(Why's That?) Cause I'm steady steady breaking em off
(So Why's That?) They ain't ready cause they way to soft
And I'm Real!

[Hook: Together]
(And that's realer than real deal Holyfield...)
So all that stuff that you pop needs to stop cause I'm real
(And that's realer than real deal Holyfield...)
It ain't my fault, what I drop is the top, so just chill!
(And that's realer than real deal Holyfield...)
And all that stuff that ya pop needs to stop cause I'm real
(And that's realer than real deal Holyfield...)
And when I drop what I drop niggas know the deal
X2

[Outro: JD]
There it is
Two niggas put it down
For all the real niggas around
You heard what they said
So just bop your head
And nigga if you try'na floss
You definitely gonna get tossed by Kris Kross
Nevertheless I stress I'm outta here
Yeah
Yeah, yeah