[Spoken]
Hey yo, Kris

What up, man? I'm just chillin'. What about you?

I'm just chillin', livin' mac-adocious

Word to herd, yo?

Word up, G

Hey yo, I understand what you're saying. Y'know what I'm sayin'? We gonna kick a little flavor to show where we comin' from

Yo, I'm with that on the straight up on the Columbo tip

Hey yo, check this out

[Verse 1]
On the corner is the one they call 'daddy'
Watchin' all the players as they roll in their caddy
That's my every day scenery
Little kids with peoples gold chains
Ain't nuthin' big, G

Well, I'm the mac and it's like that where I live
Brothers gettin' shot trying to stay positive

Want ta start lookin' harder than the next man
It's the way of the hood, lookin' good is the game plan

Lettin' the bass unload, in the cheap
Skull caps and hoods is how the brothers creep
To some it may not sound too good

But this is what we see growin' up as lil' boys in da hood

[Spoken]
Ay yo, Kris, man. You're makin' me real ill with these guns, y'know what I'm sayin'?
Yeah, just the other day this kid got smoked in the middle of my parking lot. He runned

[Verse 2]
A lotta mac in the jack in the dome where I'm from
If you try a brother ____
By a brother you get done
I hope you come strapped with a gat
Cuz the brothers in the hood don't be havin' that
People snooze niggas and a whole lot of gear
Five-oh, doin' swoops , is all you hear
"What up, player? How ya livin'?" is the words he'll speak
Walk with a pimp to my funky beat
Gettin' beat down each day is how it is

When you're livin' in the hood as lil' kids

[Spoken]
Man, when you roll through the hood, you gotta roll with force
Cuz as you saw, we raw

Hey yo, Kris, man. These kids rolled up in a ragtop all piled in. They was like, "Yo, what up? Yo, homie."

Word, man! Well, let me tell you what happened at the creek yesterday. We were down on the field. Homeboy had about six pair of socks on. Crap filled all the way up. Man, I don't know. He probably was just tryin' to impress me

Word, man. You gots to be lyin'

Nah, homes

Ay yo, Kris. I'm out

See ya!