[Intro: Dialogue from Taxi Driver]
Listen you fuckers, you screwheads
Here's a man who would not take it anymore
A man who stood up against
The scum, the cunts, the dogs, the filth, the shit
Here is some one who stood up
Here is...
Yeah! Hennessy for Everyone Music proudly presents
Xzibit, movin' at the speed of life
Yeah! Check it

[Verse 1]
It took a long time comin but we waited
Xzibit went from underrated, to now most anticipated
Never would of thought that I would rock your set
And get love and respect without no special effects
Only the rugged ruff shit that the hard rock need
Lyrics must contain more then just clothes bitches and weed
Thinkin how you like to see the next man bleed
Tryin to glorify greed; livin life at ridiculous speed - indeed!
The main goal's to achieve, to succeed
Have it laid out for your seed
But the world gets colder every day by day
Physically, mentally gettin drained by L.A
Trying to find piece of mind is like tryin to find a gold mine
It just won't happen, no time for relaxin
Real soldiers of fortune the front line of the action
So never show a nigga what you packin (You know what I'm sayin?)
It's too much weight to be jugglin
Who do you picture when you think about strugglin
Kids in the bed, no food stomach bubbilin
Or niggas in the E-class heavy drug smugglin

[Chorus]
Movin'', yeah!
Yes, movin'
At the speed of life

[Verse 2]
And plus I feel that no style is darker than mine
There was a time it was all about beats and rhymes
But nowadays the blind just follow the blind
And when I die, niggas still recite these lines
To rock the heads, waterbeds citys and towns
Bringin strength to the masses that be holdin it down
The underground! to upper echelon and beyond
Xzibit rock and roll the streets like a vagabond
Nigga wanna trip you gettin dissed like a blonde bitch
Mackin to Farrakhan, run game like a marathon
It's here today then tomorrow it's gone
It's the law of the land, a straight modern day babylon!

[Chorus]
Movin', yeah! Yeah! Like this
Like this, at the speed of life
Ah! Bring it live, yeah!

[Verse 3]
Xzibit lookin at the earth thru wide angles
I find a stairway to heaven in the city of lost angels
Where small situations turn to heavy altercations
With a heavy-ass price cause, niggas don't fight no more!
Before hip-hop was all about drama
Anything for a dollar before Kane fucked Madonna
Xzibit maintain and stayed bent like a comma
Just me and my bottle, we shall lead not follow
Emcees be full of shit but they style be hollow
It seems you've bitten off more than you can possibly swallow
Just a day in the life of a man named X
Only blunts and latex for the opposite sex
You see niggas comin through to smoke out and pay respect
Ever since fifteen, I been ready for anything
Whatever they bring in any shape form or fashion
I live to the fullest and rock rhyme with a passion
But in the meanwhile if worse comes to worst
Bust a round or bust a verse whatever comes first
Yeah! we got it locked down tight
Xzibit bring truth to the light shit is movin, at the speed of life

[Chorus]
Movin'
At the speed of life