You ain't trying to hot box with me, I swing hard liquor
Going down by the second round, all hail the underground
How that sound? Xzibit backing down from a conflict
Fuck the nonsense! Terrorist, hidden bomb shit
Glass and metal in every direction
Innocent bystanders taught a very hard lesson
I'm the reason there's no time to reach for that weapon
And reason why niggas with problems keep on steppin
Xzibit ready to scrap like Mike Tyson with his license back
9 to 5 minimum wage? What type of life is that
For me? It's blasphemy, you fuckin around
With the Sundance Kid and Butch Cassidy
You had the audacity to wanna tangle with the X
Strangle your neck, slap you like the opposite sex
Drunk driving, trying to stack my loot
While other rappers getting "Treated Like a Prostitute"
So check the SoundScan
All I wanna be was a G, ha!
My whole life, nigga please, ha!
Breaking off these motherfuckin keys, ha!
Let's get these motherfuckin G's, ha!
Nigga you don't wanna fuck with this
Oh no, big Snoop Dogg
Back up in the heezee bay-bay
You jocking my style? "You so cra-zy"
Dre say, ain't "No Limit" to this
As long as we drop gangsta shit
Look here bitch, you fine and I dig your style
Come fuck with a nigga and do it "Doggystyle"
I'll be gentle, sentimental
Shit, we fucked in the rental
Lincoln Continental
Coast-to-coast, L.A. to Chicago
I get this pussy everywhere that I go
Ask the bitches in your hood cause they know
Bitch please! Get down on your god damn knees
For this money, chronic, clothes and weed
Look, you fuckin with some real O.G's
Bitch, please! Now what you need to do is
Hem my coat, and roll me some dough (f'real)
Diff'rent strokes for diff'rent folks
Oh, you like setting niggas up and getting them loc's?
A cute lil' bitch with a whole lotta heart
Shit gets thick when the light gets dark

She say she got a lick for me (well hook it up)
Worth about 200 G's and 30 ki's!
Now check this out Dre: now, if I don't move
Then a nigga like me, shit, I don't lose
But you know me, Dogg I'm movin!
Ain't nothing to it but to get to groovin
You've been waiting on a nigga like me
To take that chance and rob your man and beat up the pussy
A victim of the circumstance
That's the devil, they always wanna dance
See we go out with a bang (bang BANG!)
I'm trying to work this cold thang
And take this whole thang
I get the money everywhere that I go
I bust a bitch and take her money fo' sho
I get the money everywhere that I go
I bust a bitch and take her money fo' sho
Aiyyo.. aiyyo aiyyo!
You don't wanna step to me
Still claiming D.P.G. til the day I D-I-E