[Intro]
Interviewer: If you saw you walking on a street and black man were comin' toward you, what would you be feeling?
Man: Just one single black man? (Yeah) I really don't fear that. You know but if it's a group I'm talking from age thirty, even thirteen, even younger than thirteen. Yes I will walk across the street
Interviewer: Well let me ask you this...

[Chorus: Sample]
I don't want niggas soundin' like me
I don't want niggas soundin' like me knowhatI'msayin'?
I don't want niggas soundin' like me knowhatI'msayin'?

[Verse 1: Xzibit]
Yo we gettiin' restless me and D.O.G.s
Never pretendin' rather we sendin' a very clear message
Either you with me or against me punk hit 'em up
Provide housin' for these shrimp from the shells we dump
I'm makin' 'em bounce other niggas fail to bump
Til we takin' advantage of inflicting irreversible damage
It's the long-awaited anticipated Likwit MC
Bombin' first cause I feel it's better to give then receive
You better believe
Xzibit stays savage above the average
When niggas try to switch turn bitch for the cabbage
But see all that irrelevant it's like tryin' to turn a whore celibate
I dance with the devil for the hell of it
Burning down your lavish landscape on digital tape
Cause everything you rhymin' about is actually fake
So make room for the legitimate nasty inconsiderate
Thinkin' you rankin' top dollar but really counterfeit

[Chorus: Sample]
I don't want niggas soundin' like me
I don't want niggas soundin' like me knowhatI'msayin'?
I don't want niggas soundin' like me knowhatI'msayin'?

[Verse 2: Montageone]
Niggas we null and void I get swole like a keyloid
To overload your system with rhymes for millenniums
To shut down artists with beats the deep closure
Battlin' top rank for bank and exposure
So open up your door to me Cause if it's closed
I'm a brakin' in with some pantyhose
Over the mic
So you don't know who I sound like
Executing those who record and bite to sound tight
It's not permitted by the right
The Gustopo surprising these niggas like Benny Blanco
Remember me man? You thought I was a fan till I threw you in the back of a
Van
Yo these Drop Squad delegates rhymes are delicate
I spit on the mic to get these MC's pussys wet
For those with plans to clone me thee original
It can't be done I'm digital (digital)

[Chorus: Sample]
I don't want niggas soundin' like me
I don't want niggas soundin' like me knowhatI'msayin'?
I don't want niggas soundin' like me knowhatI'msayin'?

[Verse 3: Xzibit]
Yo who wanna come see the hard rock?
The nonstop green block yo whole block receive speed knot
You need not
Get brave my bullets never graze
They hit close to home separating flesh from bone
So better get off on your own bitch
Rollin' chrome shit tryin' to own shit
I was molded, after the best that the streets had to offer
The author of my own destiny
So I suggest you stop stressin' me
I'll find out when I pull my nine out and blow your mind out
Play a deadly game with no fouls and no timeouts
Inhale large amounts of dojah forever ready like a soldier
I'm lock mode and shoot from the shoulder
And burn down your lavish landscape digital tape
Cause everything you rhyme about is actually fake
So make room for the legitimate nasty inconsiderate
Thinkin' you rankin' top dollar but really counterfeit

[Chorus: Sample]
I don't want niggas soundin' like me
I don't want niggas soundin' like me knowhatI'msayin'?
I don't want niggas soundin' like me knowhatI'msayin'?

[Outro]
I don't want niggas soundin' like me. On no album