[Intro]
Yes, 1996 marks the beginning of a new era
The dysfunctional member of the Alkaholiks family
It’s Xzibit!

[Verse 1]
Sometimes I wonder if it’s all worth my while
Xzibit stay versatile, with million dollar lifestyle
And I could feel it as a child growing up
The niggas that was real
And the niggas that was scared as fuck
That's why Xzibit only roll with a chosen few
You ain't really real, I can tell when I look at you
So ease off the trigger-talk, you ain’t killin' shit
It’s not affecting me or the niggas that I'm chillin' with
I don’t believe the hype or buy wolf tickets
Nigga, you make a gang of noise and never seen, like a cricket
I guess that’s why we never kick it
A lot of niggas is soft and get tossed tryna fuck with the Likwit
How many niggas do you know like this?
Always claimin' that they ridin' but they really turned bitch
It don’t make sense, either you’re a soldier from the start
Or an actor with a record deal tryna play the part—like that!

[Chorus]
It’s a shame, niggas in the rap game
Only for the money and the fame (Extra large!)
It’s a shame, niggas in the rap game
Only for the money and the fame (Paparazzi!)

[Verse 2]
See, I don’t need no lights, no cameras; just action, goddamn it
Never no superstar, I'm more like a planet
So my composure is kept while others start to sweat
Emergin' from the fog with my fucked-up dialogue
Tryna live high on the hog leaves you bankrupt
And niggas you spent it on would not give a fuck
And that’s deep; how deep? It’s deeper than Atlantis
Home of the scandalous: big bad Los Angeles
Dangerous, vandalous, yo, not to be trusted
Now, how the fuck is you hard
Not being scared by the boulevard?
I'm pullin' that card, and saying "Gin, mothafucka!"
Flowin' like liquid; soak it in, mothafucka!
I'm breakin' it down, my sound surrounds like death
From the West, puttin' whole counties to the test
It’s all in perspective, breaker 1-9 copy
This is for the niggas gettin' caught up in the paparazzi

[Chorus]
It’s a shame, niggas in the rap game
Only for the money and the fame (Extra large!)
It’s a shame, niggas in the rap game
Only for the money and the fame (Paparazzi!)

[Verse 3]
Niggas smoke stress and crossdress, but I just play the back
Others going through schemes and pipe dreams for a contract
Real tightly rolled, fuck ’em all how I feel
I made a cool half mill' before I had a record deal
Therefore you look and stare like it’s magic
But too much of anything can make you an addict
Whenever devils be startin' static, break out the automatic
I set it off straight, I spread hate, then I vacate
But wait! Who dares to cross this path?
Yo, I do you like math, cut with glass, make a bloodbath
So on behalf of all niggas I get drunk with
Smokin' blunts with, I dispose of your punk shit
He-he, and keep it all in perspective
Carbon copies gettin' caught up in the paparazzi
Once again, it's the Likwidation crew
And we return at you like this

[Chorus]
It’s a shame, niggas in the rap game
Only for the money and the fame (Extra large!)
It’s a shame, niggas in the rap game
Only for the money and the fame (Paparazzi!)