[Intro: Method Man & Xzibit]
Mista Meth in the house!
Ha, yeah, break it loud

[Verse 1: Xzibit]
Yeah, when it's all said in done, we gon' be on top
'Cause we don't stop, now, lock it down, hit the spot
And clown niggas relyin' on special effects
While the khakis and chronic, got the bitches still breakin' they neck
Move the crowd without breakin' a sweat
Trendsetter, with a Beretta, so keep it on deck
'Cause you never know when Xzibit gonna roll through the set
Don't be scared, just be prepared and quiet as kept
At a nightclub, talkin' 'bout you don't go out
And you tryin' to got to school to make a certain amount
But the last part, I just couldn't figure it out
I guess its real hard to talk with a dick in your mouth
Lightweight, like confetti
Steadily tested by motherfuckers who ain't ready
To deal with the legendary
Soopafly, X-Z, and Bullet Loco
Shot callers, clear the whole block like we po-po

[Chorus: Method Man]
Round and round we go, it don't stop
'Til we all get dough, c'mon, make it hot
Baby girl do the pussy pop, pussy pop
Lick shots for the pussy pop, pop, pop!
Lookin' good with your stink-ass
Type of ass make a nigga pull it over fast
Make it hot, baby girl do the pussy pop, pussy pop
Lick shots for the pussy pop, pop pop!

[Verse 2: Jayo Felony]
This bitch ain't got the pot to piss in
Keepin' it next to the name and her gun
This the Dulo gang bitch
Who the fuck want some?
You got titties and ass
But I got a dick and some cash
If you ain't talkin' about shit
Then I'ma smash, bitch
On three, on me, bitch, you my property
Daddy Jayo Felony, and ain't nobody stoppin' me
And I said daddy, bitch, yeah, that's what you gon' call me
I ain't no simp or no wimp
I'ma motherfuckin pimp
Terrorizin' my hoes, make they high-heels fall off
You got me close to fucked up, if you think I'm goin' soft
On ya; I'm hard on my hoes, that's how it goes
Bitch, get up off your toes, and get my six-four
You got my name, you bounced
So you might as well break bread
And only Dulo niggas know, what's the head
My name is Billy Loco, and this is my opinion
I'm coming from SD, and Dulo is my religion
Bi-b-b-b-biatch!

[Chorus: Method Man]
Round and round we go, it don't stop
'Til we all get dough, c'mon, make it hot
Baby girl do the pussy pop, pussy pop
Lick shots for the pussy pop, pop, pop!
Lookin' good with your stink-ass
The type of ass make a nigga pull it over fast
Make it hot, baby girl do the pussy pop, pussy pop
Lick shots for the pussy pop, pop pop!

[Verse 3: Xzibit]
I don't save 'em, pay 'em, or buy clothes
All I really wanna do is win the game, fuck hoes!
In Jamaica, at the Half Moon Villa
With a killa and a cocaine dealer, layin' low from the law
See, it all comes down to who's quick to draw first
Pay attention, prevention, ridin' off in a hearse
Mister X to the you know me
Thousand-dollar bitches wanna pop the pussy for free
The dysfunctional member of the Alkaholik family tree
Frequently bang bitches, Wu-Tang, Killer Bee
Hennessey on the rocks, with Pina Colada
At the Ramada, make you work hard like Donna
For the cheese, got you down on your hands and knees
After that, we kickin' back and burn up some trees
Mad shout, 'cause Xzibit's not the type to be treatin'
'Cause, I'm an Alkaholik. and I'm late for my meeting
(Come on, Like that!)

[Chorus: Method Man]
Round and round we go, it don't stop
'Til we all get dough, c'mon, make it hot
Baby girl do the pussy pop, pussy pop
Lick shots for the pussy pop, pop, pop!
Lookin' good with your stink-ass
Type of ass make a nigga pull it over fast
Make it hot, baby girl do the pussy pop, pussy pop
Lick shots for the pussy pop, pop pop!