Davina ft. Xzibit - “So Good (Featuring Xzibit)”
[Vocals: Davina]
[Emcee(s): Xzibit]
[Producer(s): Davina]
[Sample (Melody): Cal Tjader - “Django” (0:00)]

[Intro: Xzibit]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.  Feels so good, yeah.  Once again.  Hah, hah, feels so good.  Like this.  Hah, yeah, it feels so good.  Bring it live, bring it

[Verse 1: Xzibit]
See, I’ve been
Waiting on my whole life for something like this.  Who would have
Thought, to end up on time, would start with a kiss?  I’m not
The type to show emotion at the drop of a dime, but at
The bottom of the line, the decision is mine to approach
And get close, taking a chance in a way, but
Xzibit give a damn ‘bout what the next man say because
You only die once—I’m trying to live to the limits (Limits)
Just now hit me that I wanna take you with me for the
Long haul, I’ll be there whenever you call, and, yes
Together we stand, and everything goes according to plan
We’ll be tight from tonight ‘til the daylight
If loving you is wrong, then I don’t wanna be right
So good

[Verse 2: Davina]
Never have I been so mystified by anyone’s love before
Hey, I feel so natural.  I keep coming back for more
And each time we touch, you open up a new door
Baby, you’re such a midnight tease, uh
It’s gonna take everything to keep you from me, hey
And the joy that your loving brings
Can separate the mountains from the sea

[Hook: Davina]
I don’t wanna be wrong, but it feels right
If loving you is so wrong, I don’t wanna go on
I don’t wanna be wrong, but it feels right
It feels good, so good, so good, so good

[Verse 3: Davina]
Spent so many nights believing I was wrong for you being in my life
I can’t ignore it when some say that it ain’t right (It ain’t right)
But I decided you’re the best thing that happened in my life
I haven’t had everything, oh no
But you come close to everything that love means, hey, yeah
In Heaven’s eyes, love is embraced between you and I
Now that we have each other, I don’t have to dream

[Hook: Davina]
I don’t wanna be wrong, but it feels right
If loving you is so wrong, I don’t wanna go on
I don’t wanna be wrong, but it feels right
It feels good, so good, so good, so good
I don’t wanna be wrong, but it feels right
If loving you is so strong, it could be wrong
I don’t wanna be wrong, but it feels right
It feels good, so good, so good, so good

[Verse 4: Xzibit]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yo, I’ll walk
The earth like Kang from kung fu to kick it with you, and all
Your people like to criticize the things that we do, but I don’t
Sweat it.  What we got, baby, is good like credit, and be
Careful with your wish, ma.  You just might get it—forget it (Nah)
I’m not about to let this good thing go.  I try to
Keep it on the low, put on a show like a gigolo, so
It’s dedicated to the ones that I got and all
The foes that start the talking when we walk in the spot, but they don’t
Understand we’re in a place they can’t even see.  Besides
I’m not living for them.  I’m living for me, and it don’t
Take no brain surgeon with a master degree to try to
Figure out what real love is really about.  Just let me
Live to the fullest and keep my name out your mouth, and I won’t
Bring you no drama without no reasonable doubt, so, therefore
I’m not the one to try to knock like wood.  You’ll be my
Baby forever because it feels so good like
This and-a, and that with Davina like, uh

[Hook: Davina] (x2)
I don’t wanna be wrong, but it feels right
If loving you is so wrong, I don’t wanna go on
I don’t wanna be wrong, but it feels right
It feels good, so good, so good, so good