[Verse 1: Xzibit]
Time to snap out of it, welcome to the real world
My life like a Hitchcock flick, stick to the script
If she can't stick to the script, stick to this dick
How she acting off of the fifth? Ridiculous shit
We don't need conversation, just crowd participation
If you here on vacation we got, rules and regulations
Separate myself from y'all, segregation
Trying to stop Xzibit and Dre? Humiliation
Pure elevation, got me some inspiration
Two bitches in bubble baths, a beautiful invitation
Got a live occupation, live for the moment
I'm faced with an altercation manhandling my opponents
I got eyes in the back of my head
I never sleep so they bloodshot red
Yo we so far ahead of our time
If we can stop life and press rewind
You still wouldn't catch up 'til 2K and a dime, so turn it up

[Hook]
Turn it up! (Turn it up)
This is it! (This is it)
We the shit (We the shiiiiiiiiiit) Get with it!
Give a fuck (Give a fuck)
Who you wit (Who you wit)
Turn it up! (Turn it uppppppppppp) Get with it!

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre]
Truthfully speaking, it's lonely up here all by myself
So I had to come down and pass around some help
From N.W.A to whatever's next
Make sure it says ANDRE YOUNG in bold letters on big checks
Your shit ain't selling? Fuck it, get Dr. Dre on it
You got a budget? I'll get down, give me half of it
One session, one song, I'm gone
The first week, you hit the streets, a star is born
To add to my universe - let me show you
Who can invade who nigga, and who can do who the worst
Warning from the Surgeon General
Watch out for fake hits and bullshit that sounds identical
Pick it up, read the credits, who you thought it was?
Twenty years in the game, with a constant buzz
Pick a year, any year, see how hot I was
Same shit today, and still don't give a fuck!

[Hook]
Turn it up! (Turn it up)
This is it! (This is it)
We the shit (We the shiiiiiiiiiit) Get with it!
Give a fuck (Give a fuck)
Who you wit (Who you wit)
Turn it up! (Turn it uppppppppppp) Get with it!

[Hook 2]
Stay.. in your place (Stay in your place nigga)
You can't face, what we bringing
(What we bring to the game, playa)
Bounce like this (Bounce) Bounce like this
Blaze your shit, Blaze your shit
And get high for meeeeeeee

[Verse 3: Xzibit]
Let me give y'all niggas something to hold
This product not to be sold
Know you can't cook it over a stove
You can flip it and come back with a mitt
Don't make me reach through your limo tint
I just want my twenty percent
This is dedicated to the people that spoke too soon
I think I'll stop shooting you niggas and shoot for the moon
Motherfuckers turn respect on and off like a light switch
I'll never be seen, like Farrakhan fucking a white bitch
Jump I won't flinch, dump I don't miss
X holding this, I'm never losing faith or focus
So say what you gotta say, every day a holiday
We don't blow the roof, we blow the whole fucking spot away
Organize permission like, organized crime
Organized minds, organize they nickels and dimes
Organized vocab be organizing my rhymes
Organizing my business and organizing my time, so turn it up

[Hook]
Turn it up! (Turn it up)
This is it! (This is it)
We the shit (We the shiiiiiiiiiit) Get with it!
Give a fuck (Give a fuck)
Who you wit (Who you wit)
Turn it up! (Turn it uppppppppppp) Get with it!