[Hook x4: Hell Razah]
This rap game ain't what it seem
Artists get cream turn fiend, selling people a dream

[Verse 1: Hell Razah ]
Aiyo, you rappers don't amuse me with your crystals or Uzis
Industry groupies, living after movies
They Scarfaced my race, some support hate
Life's a court date, some die to escape so hold your weight
Y'all niggas brag too much, fuck with us, we bag you up
And use the same clique that you thought would back you up
Its '98 eliminate bait and open gates
Enough of chains and whips, let make brains eclipse
We all claim we rich, hold thugs in crypts
Forgot about the seeds growing up seven to six
Fuck a Benz with tints, I got the Razah prints
Y'all rappers love idols, there it is I'm convinced
Burn my contract, mental combat
And stomp your battle rap with a Vietnam track
Red and white Sadaam rap sippin' Cognac
I bet you didn't know that the real Jews are black
I tell the truth cat where your mind jewels is at?
The world or the heavens?, God or the reverend?
Your girl or your weapon? Christ or Armageddon

[Hook x4: Hell Razah]
This rap game ain't what it seem
Artists get cream turn fiend, selling people a dream

[Verse 2: 60 Second Assassin ]
Here in this life, big cities a dream
On the low its a scheme, a fiend that clock green
Without jocking somebody's sting, about the plot
You pull the ox, who pull the stash out the lock, yo what up Oc
About ready to pull the rabbit out the top
Platinum gold oops upside your knot, now nigga stop
Now nigga please, you ain't really ready to roll them sleeves
With your three degrees forty below, enough of recipes
Tight jeans, hype and don't know what nothing means
Acting like you Billie Jean selling how to be a fiend
When your loves about black marketing a nigga for his cream
And the Big Apple it ain't always what it seems
You might get fooled shes a queen from out of town wagging her swing
All around with she glasses and women asses
Is what made men jack asses
Everything including your company jacking
You niggas asses for your ransom
And next thing you know they got a nigga dancing
Chancing him out of his advancements
And how y'all gonna pay back these back taxes?
This ain't healthy for your assets
It's like your face done been bashed in your career ain't happening
After the monkey wrenches and forks done been stabbed in

[Verse 3: Masta Killa]
Intriguing to the ear but bitter to the heart
I begin to take part in the art of dart throwing
Starring the Wu-Tang swordsmen
Raindrops fall the block remains hot
Steam rises from the streets which forms the clouds
That I move through, renew my stainless sword style
Allah has spoken, the golden code of silence has been broken
Mic terrorist, 'shroom, brew wickedness improves
As I ascend and expand extend I seen men
Fall from grace tryna trace the origin
But there is no beginning or end to the lifeline
Sunz of Man forever shine through the mic line

[Hook x4: Hell Razah]
This rap game ain't what it seem
Artists get cream turn fiend, selling people a dream

[Verse 4: Prodigal Sunn]
A sad case of a rap star, permanent scar caught in the rapture
Of the bar code, he was more sold like Old Gold
Paraseuco, industry whore, bitches adore
Truly yours, peeling me more, enemies raw
Ill and hardcore, ready for tour, shaking breaking jaws
Making new laws opening doors, healing my sores
Blessing the poor, the art of war, read lesson four
Verse one, regarding starring, and the starting artist
Another target on your market style is garbage
You get bombarded, whole clique slapped retarded
Pussy harded MCs bleed slugs to the body
Its physical domination, lyrical laceration, brutal termination
When you fuck with the federation
Collaborating with my nation
Discussing allegations conversating about the downfall of Satan
Ghetto frustration keeps my head piece aching
Constant motivation keeps my world in rotation

[Hook x8: Hell Razah]
This rap game ain't what it seem
Artists get cream turn fiend, selling people a dream

[Outro: Hell Razah]
Cars? Women? Huh livin lovely? Phat houses?
What you think its about?
Not gettin paid? Havin fame? Havin everybody lovin you runnin up to you?
What you think its about?
Think its about teaching? Think its about givin up jewelz?
Givin something for the children to look up to?
What you think its about?

This rap game...y'all gotta figure that out...This rap game