[Intro: Jadakiss]
"Let's keep it real son, count that money know what I'm sayin?
Put the Grants over there in the safe
Cause we spending the Jacksons"

[Intro: Fabolous]
"The Washingtons go to the kids
The wifey don't want them Washingtons no more"

[Verse 1: Jadakiss]
Visualizing the realism of life in actuality
Losing weight is more different than burning calories
Analyze it for for yourself, do the analogy
That jealousy just might lead to a fatality
And my mentality is money orientated
I get the last laugh, it's funny all of you hate it
And soon as you heard it was coming all of you waited
Now you upset, 'cause your honey already played it
Somethin' must've got in us 'cause all of us turned to sinners
We could hop on the jet and the summer could turn to winter
Devil on your shoulder he only tryna' convince ya
You don't feel it though, til' the moment they turn against ya
Right now we ain't dealing with any feelings
Me and my villains be out somewhere stacking plenty millions
We keep it trill and we still getting high
'Cause life's a bitch and then ya, die

[Hook]
'Cause life's a bitch and then ya die
That's why we get high, 'cause you never know when you gonna go
Life's a bitch and then you die...

[Verse 2: Fabolous]
Life's a bitch but this money make her smile at me though
In this era, life would be on a reality show
I see the vanity, but where did the morality go?
You got that work, but you doin' it for salary ho?
Let me paint this picture for you, art gallery flow
Give you food for thought, but it's low on calories though
See me and life figured out what my talent's be yo
And now it's bread, green, cheese, caesar salad to go
His and Her everything, gotta style on these hoes
We just natural born killers, Mickey Mallory yo
Catch me driving through the lane ain't no fouling me yo
The cal on me bro, load it up with jalapenos
That hot shit'll cool you off got that IcyHot
My eyes open for them haters and them sheisty thots
The funny thing I get it free at the pricey spots
And the flick-of-the-wrist, got me in this icey watch because

[Hook]
'Cause life's a bitch and then ya die
That's why we get high, 'cause you never know when you gonna go
Life's a bitch and then you die...

[Outro: Jadakiss]
Uhh... One love...
Rest in Peace... Chinx Drugz...
Salute...