[Prodigy]

Uh huh, yeah
Cluminati..
Q.B. (New Mobb Deep)
For the year 2G
(Best of Queens)
Niggas know what the fuck I'm talkin bout
If they don't hear, how they know?
(It's the DJ Clue)

[Verse 1: Prodigy]

Nigga we don't play that shit, and spray that clip
You frontin ass nigga, we slay that kid
We never drink champagne in the club we got the Henney up
We copped a Chevy truck jew bangs be heavy plus
We got the halls poppin
We got the dance floor movin back, when we start wylin
Only when they play our shit, you reach for my chain
We gon bang, we scuff niggas, we cut niggas
We slide wit da bitches
And hypnotized by the piece swingin back and forth from Queens niggas
We thug ya party out lock down the bar section
We never check our coats, cuz we got the toast
Think about it
M.O.B. double D. E. double P. kidd, flee 'fore you bleed
And for y'all fagget ass rappin ass niggas
Y'all put out hits, we put out classics

[HOOK: Prodigy]

We turn bitches out, take turns in that bitch mouth
Carve niggas up, show niggas what it's all about
It's Us, the best of Queens, Q.B. Bailsey 40 D
We turn bitches out, take turns in that bitch mouth
Carve niggas up, show niggas what it's all about
It's Us, the best of Queens, Rockaway, A.Q. get attitude

[Verse 2: Havoc]

Niggas gel on the strength talk shit when they bent
Mad can't pay they rent fuck em pardon my french
Misery love the company that I refuse to offer
Tryna put me in the mix of they petty drama
Down the dollar if you wanna be a top can't follow
Only reason they guh'head I'm went a little harder
Four starters movin too quick, to live a little large chicks
On my dick cuz I be the one that's comin
Niggas don't play they hands right, fuckin wit they dealt wit
Leave witout the heater's like four witout the fifth
Eat a dick all you Jherri Curl niggas follow the drip
Then, maybe you could find what my Mac spit
Laugh at, half ass wanna be killers make ya gat blast
Then maybe I repsect ya half ass
It's the streets that raised me, mah dudes is pray for me
I'm layin for them, they layin for me

[HOOK: Prodigy]

[We turn bitches out, take turns in that bitch mouth
Carve niggas up, show niggas what it's all about
It's Us, the best of Queens, Lefrac, Hollis where y'all at
We turn bitches out, take turns in that bitch mouth
Carve niggas up, show niggas what it's all about
It's Us, the best of Queens, (41st side)

[Verse 3: Prodigy]

Yeah yeah, I ain't rockin witchu neither bitch
I'm a grimy ass rich nigga
Catch me bombed out wit the Rolls Royce
I might drive through a puddle and splash you, you trash is all
I give a ho what she askin for
It be the Dom P., but not the bottle
I keep broads by the brothelos
Shape and mold em like waffles
Call em by the palm, get up in they ear like 'Uhh' make a dike wanna turn
Make a slut act, other than herself like she don't fuck
Like she don't be gettin stabbed up, I tear that ass up
Then they wanna know if there's more where I came from
So I bring em to my Dunns and spread love.. (40th side, Vernon)

[HOOK: Prodigy]

[We turn bitches out, take turns in that bitch mouth
Carve niggas up, show niggas what it's all about
It's Us, the best of Queens, Lefrac, Hollis where y'all at
We turn bitches out, take turns in that bitch mouth
Carve niggas up, show niggas what it's all about
It's us, the best of Queens, Corona south side, Q. Village, my killaz
My QB niggas
M.O.B.B niggas