[Intro: Mariah Carey & DJ Clue]
When you left, I lost a part of me
It's still so hard to believe
Come back, baby, please, 'cause we belong together
Haha, remix, Besser Strom

[Verse 1: Jadakiss & (Styles P.)]
Uh, yo, show your respect whenever you hear me or see me
(This is the emancipation of Mimi)
Hot like the real fever, the real diva
So successful, yet still so eager
No matter what they say, it's on forever
(It's our time right now) more than ever
(To the death) we gon' get it on together
And M-C, you know we belong together

[Chorus: Mariah Carey]
I lost a part of me
When you left boy, can't you see?
Boy, come back, baby, please, 'cause we belong together
Who I gon' lean on when times get rough?
Who's gon' to talk to me till the sun comes up?
Who's gon' take your place, there ain't nobody there
Oh, baby, baby, we belong together

[Verse 2: Mariah Carey]
I only think of you on two occasions
That's day and night
I'd go for broke if I could be wit you
Only you can make it right, make it right, make it right

[Verse 3: Styles P. & (Jadakiss)]
We belong together like the sun in the summertime
Bounce in a lemon range (Skip in a hummer lime)
(P and kiss, in and out) Mariah on the other line
Baby, I'ma come back (Believe it'll come a time)
(We belong together like peanut butter and jelly)
Februaries and skellies, after parties and tellies
(Feeling you in my stomach like you a part of my belly)
Baby, I'ma come back with every part of you ready

[Chorus: Mariah Carey]
I lost a part of me
When you left boy, can't you see?
Boy, come back, baby, please, 'cause we belong together
Who I gon' lean on when times get rough?
Who's gon' to talk to me till the sun comes up?
Who's gon' take your place, there ain't nobody there
Oh, baby, baby, we belong together

[Verse 4: Mariah Carey & (Jadakiss)]
I can't sleep at night when you are on my mind
Bobby Womack's on the radio singing to me
If you think you're lonely now, wait until tonight
Boy, I'm feeling all out of my element
Throwing things, crying, trying to figure out where the hell I went wrong
The pain reflected in this song, ain't even half of what I'm feeling inside
I need you, need you back in my life, baby (let's go)

[Verse 5: Styles P. & (Jadakiss)]
You gonna need a shoulder to cry on
Classic Mustang Cobra to ride on
Past is the past, just let it be bygone's
Matter of fact, I know a fly song that we could vibe on
Let's get it straight
If it's the six or the quarter to eight
(Then I'm throwing BabyFace or Shy on)
Yeah and Kiss, ghost and MC
Get close and toast to the diva and MC's
(Uh, the trees will blow)
(Big cups, Pino Grigio) Take it easy, you
(We belong together, we know that)
(Now I think that it's 'bout time we show that)
(Even though every moment won't be a Kodak) naw
(Sometimes we argue, I spaz out, grab my bozak)
(Come back not because I have to, I want to)
(And naw, I don't just want to have you, I want you, uh)

[Chorus: Mariah Carey]
I lost a part of me
When you left boy, can't you see
Boy, come back, baby, please, 'cause we belong together
Who I gon' lean on when times get rough?
Who's gon' to talk to me till the sun comes up?
Who's gon' take your place, there ain't nobody there
Oh, baby, baby, we belong together

[Outro: DJ Clue & (Mariah Carey)]
This is, Desert Storm remix, ha ha (We belong together)
(Oh baby, baby, we belong together)
DJ Clue, Desert Storm (Oh, come back baby please)
(We belong together) MC
(Come back, baby. please) Woo
Is it so hard to believe (we belong together)
We back, baby
(We belong together)