[Intro – 50 Cent]
New-York City. I am New-York City !
I’m the American dream ! I’m 50 Cent ! Hahahaha
You don't believe me ? Trust me, it will be shots flying ! Men DOWN

[Refrain - 50 Cent & Tony Yayo]
Man I run this rap shit
(Get ya hands up high, hands up high, hands up high)
Rest in peace to Biggie Smalls
(Get ya hands up high, hands up high, hands up high)
R.I.P. to 2Pac
(Get ya hands up high, hands up high, hands up high)
Nigga roll that good shit
(Get ya hands up high, hands up high, hands up high)
(Here we go!)

[50 Cent]
You wanna dance, let's dance nigga
I'll take you to the prom
I'm armed, tre pound in my palm
I'm calm nigga, my mama made a baby boy
The hood made a man, my first 14 grams took that and made a grand
I do this, you knew this, I told you pussy
You faked your death, hater fuckin comin from pussy
I'll have like EE II EE II UH OH, after the fo-fo blow I get low
That's how I go like a pro, it's a rap, I'm a ghost
And you smoke like a roach, you been clapped
And the fact there's no comin' back from that
I'm the last of my breed
Mo henny, no weed, just my vest and my semi
In the back of the Bentley, I'm a nas and a rase
I'm there and I'm gone
My lawyers are strong, and my money is long
So when I'm right, I'm right, and when I'm wrong, I'm right
I'lll hit yo ass up right, nigga its nighty night!

[Refrain - 50 Cent & Tony Yayo]

[Booba]
Je prends le contrôle renoi, laisse le rap HS
Diamant sur le HF, Pont de sèvre t'achève
C'est trop cher pour toi ? J'achète
Doigt sur la gâchette, pousse-toi ! hachek
Lève lève lève tes mains en l'air, ton gun, ton revolver
Le jack est dans mon verre, la chatte à sa grand-mère
C'est panam panam, G-unit, 92 izi clik de macaques
Million d'euros cash sous le clic-clac
Rien de banal, je ne suis pas très halal
Passe le cash ou le banana ou la clik te passe le salam
C'est boulbi au micro, c'est Brazza c'est Mala
Ne me cherche pas négro car je ne suis pas là
T’es synonyme de défaite, je n'compte plus mes prouesses
Élevé parmi les wesh wesh, nos flingues viennent d'URSS
Tu veux savoir qui suis-je ? Où est-ce ?
Les suceurs de queue plus ils m'aiment plus je les déteste

[Refrain]