[Intro: Big Daddy Kane]
1 2, 1 2
Aw yes, this the way we gonna set it off for Hot Chillin'
The groove gon go a little something like this here
Cause I'm the one that entertain
That goes by the name of Big Daddy Kane
Also in the place to be, we got the girl known as Antoinette
Let me tell you, you ain't seen nothing yet
The engineer all-star Marley Marl in the place to be
And to my man known as King B
As it goes a little something like this

[Verse 1: Big Daddy Kane]
It's me, you see
The B-I-G
The D-A-D-D-Y
The I, the K-A-N-E
Exciter, delighter, invite a biter to fight
A due fool, so I can school and rule
And ignite a
Party to the climax
The mic I wax
You know who the true lord is, so why ask?
Rhymes I deliver
Always come with a
Unique technique when I speak, and if a
Sucker would step to me
He would be left to be
Lost in jeopardy
Cause I will set ya free
Just run up onstage and take a stand, broad
Snatch the mic, I vic 'im like a landlord
For me to go out, I can't have it
So set the microphone up just for me to grab it
Then just allow the Big Daddy to center hit
Cause when I run up onstage, yo, I'ma demo it
Thrash and bash and crash and slash and mash
Clock cash as I wax much ass
The lyrics I'm displaying, the suckers I'm obeying
Cause this is all live, Hobbes, know what I'm saying?

Antoinette: Yeah, yeah, that was fresh, but you gotta bust this
Kane: What you got for me, baby?
Antoinette: I got a lot
Kane: Set it off

[Verse 2: Antoinette]
Spit up, get up
The eighth, gonna light up
News reporters, get ready for the write up
Telling me you're mad
How the set was a drag til I came
I'm not trying to brag
I just pour, tour, rhyme, and climb
I go prime time
Because I go for mine
I never fake, break, take, make
Shake and bake
Drop my groove until your back ache
So be my victim
Scream, kick, and holler
A fresher rhyme will follow
Cause I'm a scholar
I do what I gotta do
And when I'm through
Take a trip to the Bahamas, come back and continue
To say only the hyped and extra-exotic

Kane: Marley, hit me now
Marley Marl: Yo Kane, you want it, you got it
Kane: Yeah, that sound funky. Yo, I think this the dope promo for Hot Chillin', man
Antoinette: Yo, yo, you know what you call this? You call this a "Raw Attitude"
Kane: Word. So what's up? We outta here or what?
Antoinette: Yo, it's only right we outta here
Kane: So yo, I'm just gonna say peace to Marley Marl and the super rocking Mr. Magic. Ay yo King B, go downstairs and start that deuce up so we can make this here move. Peace!