I need a title for this, make it simple and short
This well sounds good and holds up fort
Cuz I'm back y'all what I mean my friends
Antoinette take two, here we go again
Back on tracks, hit a smack the stack
And when it come to this, I don't lax
So fall out, I go all out
When I clutch it
The mic I get paid, soon as I touch it
So get up, way up, gather around
What's next? Yo Hurb change the sound
Make it hyper, a little riper so I can pick it
Drop the bass, so I can kick it
Most say I'm the best I'll let you make that choice
It ain't an Antoinette rhyme if it ain't got my voice
The rhyme timer, the one that's liver
Female extraordinaire
There's no one like me, so don't compare
Just chill, this is unfinished business
A little louder, now I'ma kick this

Now I'm in no position to flake
Just like water I'll pour em
And those who got beef I ain't got nothing for 'em
But hard times, and def rhymes is I how I'm breathin'
Seein' is believin' and doing is achievin'
That's a fact, matter of fact you can quote it
I think you better note it if you ain't yet wrote it
I gets paid and play every time I come hyper
Word up, I never say I wanna be like her
Or him or them cuz I'm living reality
Straight up and down with enough originality
That's how I come and that's how I'm going
When I rhyme offbeat you know what? I'm still flowin'
It's like that and you can bet your last penny on it
I got it good and I'm sure the many want it
But it's a blessing and I'm professing
? is a lesson I'm guessing those that need a lesson on it
Discipline, articulation and tone
Ya gotta have it when you're clutching a microphone
Don't forget this, say you bit this
One time for your mind and I'ma hit this
Can I get a witness cuz what I'm saying is strong
I can handle the mic so don't tell me how long
You've been rockin' parties or rippin' up the roof
Kill that noise and don't treat me like a youth
I can do this, ain't nothin' to this
Give me the mic
Give it some bass and I'll show you how to rock right
I go on and then I pause
From the way I hold a crowd, they treat me like an outlaw
Cuz I hold em, rock em and control em
And if they stop it's only cuz I told em
Some think I'm jokin' but this I vow
I always keep ? you should know that by now
I'ma get mines, because it's only right
Ain't a soul alive that's gonna take my mic
Cuz I'm a girl you got bold
What's up? You feel like a troop?
I had you sippin' on soup
A fruit playin' a flute
Drop the beat in
And I'ma go this way
I just knew some chick would have something to say
Like I'm a biter, a non-writer
You're misbehaving
Attention is what you're craving
You should be saving
That basement mumble, crumb just a crumble
About nonsense, now let's tumble
I'm going to defend this, we can't end this
Until I finish, the unfinished business

Now here comes a girl scout rhymin' like cookies
Came in like a champ, went out like a rookie
But that's alright cuz Antoinette ain't with it
I got it good, that's why I hit it
Them ? from a ? with a block or more
Game plan come apart ? strong and score
Whatever is said whatever is read
Get it in your head I'm outta date like a thoroughbred
Puttin' ducks in line going for mine
Hold up! Did someone say I can't rhyme?
Huh, you must be jokin' or smokin'
? ?
Order, I got the tab, cuz I continue
To serve and get to step like I was holdin' a gun on ya
Must be my vocals and the way I lay em on ya
I got it good now it's time to end this
Case closed on the unfinished business