[Intro: Rico Love]
I don't even be bothering nobody
I just be minding my business
I just be getting my money, yah mean?
May 19, 2015, turn the lights on (action!)

[Verse 1: Rico Love]
See all these pesos? See all these pesos?
I'm eating like bon appetit, you wish you was on my payroll
I'm on my J-O, I'm just like Puffy like 9-8
All I need is me a J-Lo, big homie just did 11 for yayo
Home for three months, I'm gon' make sure he stay though
Bought me a Phantom, I got them Porsches
I could fit a Phantom on one of my porches
House in the ranches, next to them horses
Cost me a fortune but fuck it, it's gorgeous, you know it

[Hook: Rico Love]
Pull up on the block in the drop
Aw yeah, slow leak at the top and ya know that
Middlefinger up to the cop
Making sure they see my arch, boy ya know that
Lot full of cars, nigga, everything ours
So don't ask me where the note at
(It's 1:45 in the morning!)
Ask yourself, where ya ho at?
(She wit' me, my nigga, she wit' me)
(She wit' me, my nigga, she wit' me)

[Verse 2: Manolo Rose]
She tryna get out the mud, but only I could take her there
Big bank eat little bank, and homie, we ain't playing fair
Would you consider, to see the bigger picture?
She fuck with a player, I teach her to get richer
She stack up the bread and then I send her back to ya
Just stay away from questions, that'll hurt ya heart, killer
"Who taught you how to fuck like that?"
"Who taught you how to suck like that?"
Manolo taught you and that's a motherfucking fact
The dick game crazy, that's why she acting like that
Bought her diamonds and pearls, but never give her dough
The new age version of that nigga Pretty Toney
I'mma keep my jewels on when I send her back though, God!

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Rico Love]
House in Miami as big as Orlando
Niggas can't stand me but can't hold the candle
Whipping these hits in this bitch like a bando
She like them Lambos, I bought that Lambo
Dark skin nigga that could sing though
Plus, I got hits like the Beatles, no Ringo
More like Paul, John and George
Old school nigga, drink Paul Masson with porridge
Nova on the beat, baking soda over heat
Put the yola on the street, bitch you know it's Ric'
Spent a quarter million on the whip
Now that's what I call a quarter key, hater go to sleep

[Hook]