[Intro]
Oh nigga guess what?
Word got back about them lil marks who jacked you and harold
I know where they be kicking it at!
Down with a 187?


[Hook - Rico Love][x2]
Back up in this bitch, fiends going HAM like it's crack up in this bitch
Like I bought a pack up in this bitch
Errybody on the fucking floor click clack up in this bitch, tell em
Duck! get low [x3]
Coming for your head bout that motherfucking bread

[Verse 1 - Young Chris]
Had my shooters smoke em like Buddha
You losers, study up this [?], I make a move, bitch Luda
We loading it up and letting it rain until they check ya
'Sheed Wallace right on test we bring them techs out
Blow the ces out, cave his chest in, leave a mess out
No need for the stretcher when it's death out
Revolver, ain't a shell case left out
Y'all running out of petrol, It don't ring outside of the city
You niggas metro, [?] loco, we do it global
For real, check out my mojo, make all the hoes go ew
We count boxes for you young impostors, you can't stop us
Big choppers, ready to die big poppa?
Addicted to the watches, bitches in my boxers
Fiends shooting up like helicopters
Nigga you's a witness to the coppers, death to all sammies
I got em in line for raw candy, guess who's back?

[Hook]

[Verse 2 - Young Chris]
We be clubbing, fucking, puerto rico, ski-o
Send the work through the CO's dirty piss for the pee-os
Bright white for the pipes, SD for the woods
Nigga your pass expired, you gotta sneak in the hood (You's a bitch)
Little sucker ass nigga from the block
We don't fuck with that nigga get him shot
We rush down to clip up, it's murder when she lift up
More dirt to dig up, more work to whip up
She say she on her period, I let her eat the dick up
I'm taking all y'all bitches, it's a stick up
You faggot niggas switch up
Shit go down, first to bitch up
Rapping ain't for you niggas, give up
Could buy a nigga tie, faggot somebody get him a casket
Get the bitches in traffic, they deliver the package
I don't stay with a bitch, Y'all live with a rachet
Word to prodigy, any nigga can have it

[Hook]

[Outro]
Y'all niggas hurry up
Go in there, buck them niggas, and get the fuck out
Don't be playing

Ay nigga I wanna know if you ready to do this shit
Is you ready to do this shit or what motherfucker?
And don't be acting like no pussy, fuck out the way


Ay homie you need some help?
Punk ass nigga! C'mon niggas!