[Intro: Rico Love (Paul Wall) {Juelz Santana}]
Rico Love!
(Paul Wall, baby!)
{Santana!}
The Mil is in the building!
{Dipset!}
(Swishahouse, on the grind!)
{Pay attention, you might learn something!}
Freeze me!

[Hook: Juelz Santana] (2x)
You on the grind, you on the grind like this?
You on the grind, you on the grind like that?
You on the grind, you on the grind like what?
Get on your grind like us; do whatever it takes!

[Verse 1: Juelz Santana]
Copy, copy, over, over
Mayday, mayday, soldier, soldier!
Hustla, hustla, gangsta, gangsta
Whatever you supposed to, 'posed to be
Ay!  Come holla at me!
I stay on top of a dame, that's right!
I stay on top of my change, that's right!
I stay on top of my game, I stay on top of my 'caine
Pots stay on top of the flame, that's right!
Listen, I ain't no action hero
Homie, I got to grind, I got to stack them zeroes!
Peter Piper pick peppers?
Well, I'll pick pistols up and squeeze those!
Now, you don't want to be smilin' without your teeth
Now, you don't want to get blasted about your sneaks
Now, you don't want to be a casualty of the heat
A casualty of the beef, a casualty of the streets!

[Hook: Paul Wall] (2x)
You on the grind, you on the grind like this?
You on the grind, you on the grind like that?
You on the grind, you on the grind like what?
Get on your grind like us; do whatever it takes!

[Verse 2: Paul Wall]
I'm a hustler and a G, it's in my family tree
I gotta get up and get out, 'cause bein' broke ain't me!
I got the mind of a businessman and heart of a lion
I'm addicted to big ballin', so I stay on my grind!
I got the etiquette of a gangsta and pizzazz of a player
I'm a ghetto politician, in the hood I'm a mayor
With the perception of a hawk, my mind is widescreen
Strategizin' for that money, chasin' after that green
I got the heart of a hustler, you can see it in my eyes
In the streets it's hard to separate the truth from these lies
So I rise above the water and evade all sharks
I got my focus on my grind, I'm not concerned with these marks!
You see me breakin' bread and gettin' cake, every dollar that I can make
I keep it trill and never fake, I stick in more to get in my take
And all haters are obsolete, them suckas just ain't worth my time
It's one thing on Paul Wall's mind, and, baby, that's me on the grind!


[Hook: Rico Love] (2x)
You on the grind, you on the grind like this?
You on the grind, you on the grind like that?
You on the grind, you on the grind like what?
Get on your grind like us; do whatever it takes!

[Verse 3: Rico Love]
I'm like, damn, you see the type of nigga I am?
Before the cars and the rims, I was fuckin' intense
Kick the hard shit without scuffin' my Timbs
Bucket over the lens, what's fuckin' with him?
And these cowards give a dap and a handshake
You don't even know I'm ten seconds out from slappin' your damn face!
Show you how the back of my hand tastes
The hood is like an IHOP, we be stackin' them pancakes
The flow don't go with a dance break
But I can make the Tec 1-2-step over your landscape, pussy!
You should help me feed my mama
'Cause if she starvin', I'mma have to hit you niggas with the drama
I call Paul Wall and Santana the Great
We cock back them hammers and bla-BLAM in your face
Then I fly back to my Atlanta estate
But I'm straight from the Mil, black cannon on my waist, now that's grindin!

[Hook: Rico Love (Paul Wall) {Juelz Santana}]
{You on the grind, you on the grind like this?}
(You on the grind, you on the grind like that?)
You on the grind, you on the grind like what?
[All]
Get on your grind like us; do whatever it takes!