[Intro: Kevin Gates]
See, you know, real nigga like myself
I got love for the bitch, you know, real talk, you know
She used to keep it 100 but when you posting my number on instagram I look at that like ratchet

[Verse 1: Kevin Gates]
When they ask if i'm a killer then i might say "Yes I am"
This bitch screenshotted my text and posted that on instagram
Hoes know it, I eat pussy better than any nigga they know
And this long tongue that I rap with lick every one of they hoes
In between every one of they toes, booty hole, [?]
Shopping one of my hobbies, [?] kemosabe
After my shows, wanna ride me, downstairs in my hotel lobby
Dick her down got her hollerin Luca Brasi

[Hook: Kevin Gates]
Oh shit ! God damn it, she flexing now
Bet them bands make her feel real sexy now
Freak with it, she a real professional
Take her out and have my other hoes stressing now
I got em sick, sick. When they see me with my new bitch
I got em sick, sick. When they see me with my new bitch
I got all my other hoes sick, sick. But I bet they won't do shit
She got em' sick, sick. So happy that I got this new bitch

[Verse 2: Rico Love]
Down in that position, man she got a way of twerking that
From the way you whip it baby, you deserve a Birkin bag
Finger licking, counting all this chicken, where the churches at?
Wanna see the sun set up on that ass, pull them curtains back
Calling me a trick nigga, I don't give a fuck
You'll spend a band too, if she let you fuck
Saw her in the club, had to say "What's Up"
Need another five bands cause this ain't enough

[Hook: Kevin Gates]

[Verse 3: Rico Love]
Oh shit, god damn it, she flexing now
Bet them bands make her feel real sexy now
Freak with it, she a real professional
Take her out and have my other hoes stressing now
Guilty of all the spoils
You know them hoes ain't loyal
Them shopping sprees ain't cheap and I always have something for you
Put that Beyonce check on mamis neck
Niggas doing time for lesser crimes, ain't figured how to beat them hommies yet
Privately reclining on them jets. Cursing out the flight attendants . How much more parsh can you get?
Thought you knew you ain't the only pretty bitch whos pussy wet with some incredible sex
Look how fast a nigga moves on to the next
Ahh Shit

[Hook: Kevin Gates & Rico Love]