[Verse 1:]
You wanna see me fall off?
Wait on it, that black card got weight on it
And my new bitch got a big ole ass
Feel free to hate on it
Yo new nigga – busted
I G5 and he bussed it
"I'm like oh that's what you doin?
I ain't hating, I'm disgusted"
Now how you gon go from a triple OG
To a nigga who'd wish he could get it like me?
You shittin' on me, you tripping
You still hit me up for that dick when you getting lonely
Now she so sick
No luggage but fuck it, I'm on a ego trip
Non-violent but Big Will, he got that eagle gripped
Bouncers don't know yo name, they call you Rico bitch
Uh, messed up ain't it?
You could never upgrade
Remember when yo home girl met me and she damn near fainted?
Damn a nigga so paid, fuck you

[Pre-Hook 1:]
This what I'm a do ho
I'm a get me a new ho
And I'm gon hit that pussy
And I ain't gon be worrying bout you ho

[Pre-Hook 2:]
This what I'm a do nigga
I'm a get me a new nigga
And he gon get this pussy
I bet he hit it better than you nigga

[Hook:]
Middle finger to my ex...
Fuck em!
Middle finger to my ex...
Fuck em! Fuck em!
Turn the lights on

[Verse 2:]
Bought that bitch some Hermes, bought that bitch some Gucci
Pull up in the Range, now that bitch up in the hooptie
Had her rocking VVS, Emilio Pucci
Carolina Herrera look Perla up on the coochie
Should've seen how she used to do me, had me bustin like a uzzi
Now she looking goofy, got a new boyfriend feeling like a groupie
Hello! Rocking Moncler, never winter home in Montecello
Looking like Ric Flair court side at the Knicks game watching Melo
And when the cameras pass and I'm front row at the Grammys
With my freak ho with my hands all up in her panties
And they announce who the winner is
I might be feeling really generous
But I only talk money so you might not understand me, fuck you


[Pre-Hook 1:]

[Pre-Hook 2:]

[Hook:]

[Verse 3:]
Okay all my ex's turning too wise
They like why you date that nigga, he's a fucking low life?
Claim he got a new girlfriend, she called you a lame
Said she wanna switch teams like LeBron damn James
Nigga you know what it mean but she bust for me
Bet she'd like me, bet she'd buy a CD
Bet she a fan, bet she a stan
Bet she don't feel shit in yo pants
Couldn't fuck no way, couldn't fuck no way
Couldn't get off bitch like OJ
And that's why you ain't getting no play, cut the whole thing off like okay okay okay
You told me just stick around cause you gonna make six figures
Bitch nigga that's lil money, I'm on my way to one million
You thought that you was gonna break me down but bitch nigga I'm killing
You trying to get back right now
I'm like nah I'm chilling

[Pre-Hook 1:]

[Pre-Hook 2:]

[Hook:]