[Verse 1]
Listening to the sound of the car speeding by outside
Somebody’s yelling, ain't no telling what they arguing 'bout
Long as I'm in here, ain't no fear I'll be quite alright
Says the coward from his bed, too afraid of stepping out

[Pre-Hook]
But but, what you gon' do when the lights come on?
What you gon' do when the lights come on?
You see me riding round in my big car, with my cigar, and my dark skin
Got my Rollie on, and my Aldamar, you see how they look when I walk in
I'm smelling like a new fragrance
It's called “Rich Nigga I Made It”
And I ain't stunting, no hating
I'm all up under his lady

[Hook]
What you gon' do when the lights come on?
What you gon' do when the lights come on?
Turn the lights on

[Verse 2]
Listening to the sound of the car speeding by outside
Somebody’s yelling ain't no telling what they arguing bout
Long as I'm in here ain't no fear I'll be quite alright
Says the coward from his bed, too afraid of stepping out
I ain't scared I'ma show you what I'm about

[Pre-Hook]
What you gon' do when the lights come on?
What you gon' do when the lights come on?
You see me posted up, with this thick joint, in these big stones, in my Cuban link
Got Cubans with me, got a Jewish lawyer, got way more paper than you would think
And my house got so many acres
Can't even see my neighbors
And you still asleep, but when you wake up
Don't ask me for no favors

[Hook]
What you gon' do when the light come on?
What you gon' do when the lights come on? Turn the lights on
What you gon' do? When the lights come on
What you gon' do? When the lights come on

[Bridge: Waka Flocka Flame]
Whoa
Squad

[Verse 3]
I went and brought the Bentley cash, I went and brought the Bentley cash
It was powder blue, I bought a thousands jewels and got my broad a Fendi bag
Cause I love my girl to death and I ain't mean no disrespect
But I was 25, and had a million on me, so them girls was sending texts
What you gon' do when the lights come on, but the club owner still bringing ones out?
Sending emails to them females from the hot tub, got me feeling like it's Run's House
Got me all the Onyx, blowing all the chronic, I don't even smoke, but smoke all around me
I ain't use to chiefing, but now they calling on me, that's the price of dealing with a baller mami
Got rich before I got famous
Now shit is starting to get dangerous
And if you think money won't change shit
Wait until you buy a hundred thousand dollar chain bitch

[Outro]
Turn the lights on