[Intro: 2Pac]
And my niggas say, we want the fame!
C'mon

[Hook: 2Pac & Kokane]
One thing we all adore
Something worth dying for
Nothing but pain, stuck in this game
Searching for fortune and fame
One thing we all adore
Something worth dying for
Nothing but pain, stuck in this game
Searching for fortune and fame

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Though we exist to breed, some believe currency comes to G's
Stress is half the battle, with success comes greed
They got me hot when they shot me, plotted my revenge
To increase my ends, enemies gettin' dropped
Win or lose, red or blue, we must all stay true
Play the game, nigga, never let the game play you
And for the fame, niggas change fast, that's a shame
What's to gain, lost souls? Who controls our brain?
Who can I blame? The world seems strange at times
Somewhat insane, I'm hopin' we can change with time
I'm livin' blinded, searchin' for refinement curse
I know, death follows me, but I'll murder him first
And worse yet, with each breathe, steps I take, breathless
Is there a cure for a hustler with a death wish?
Cigar ashes, toast with crystal, glasses
We mash on them jealous bastards, with my ski mask
I'm the first one to want him blasted
Wrapped in plastic, bullshittin' got his ass hit (Outlawz)
Ain't nothing left now, treated like a stepchild was not for me
Nothing but busters and bitches be rockin' beats, fake in fame
(Fuck 'em all)

[Hook: 2Pac & Kokane]
Something thing we all adore
Something worth dying for
Nothing but pain, stuck in this game
Searching for fortune and fame
Something thing we all adore
Something we dying for
Nothing but pain, stuck in this game
Searching for fortune and fame

[Bridge: Kokane]
[?]

[Collision: 2Pac]
Double up nigga double up
It’s my cell nigga, it's my cell
Hahahah yeah
Oh yeah you got that chicken, nigga?
Eh do, how that shit hook up, though how that shit hook up?
Can I get some?

[Verse 2: Kokane]
I love that ghetto shit (that ghetto shit)
I love that 2Pac shit (that Pac shit)
I'm that nigga out yo' window eating chicken out yo' caddy shit (shittt)
We write this song to make you kill motherfuckers (fuckers)
Smash motherfuckers (fuckers)
Just to see ya cluck clucka (clucka)
I'm not just a rapper I'm a dope dealer (dope man!)
And I Ignorant motherfucker spray cap peeler (cap peela)
It's like bass (bass!) How low can you go? (go, go, go)
I'll have to move my yay across San Di-ya-yo (ya-yo baby)
Westcoast, tax free, money is a bitch (beotch)
These out of state niggas get mad 'cause we rich (hahaha, richhh)
Pick up a super chicken bac-ca (bac-ca, bac-ca)
He said selling 28 and a hundred
By mail...

[Verse 3: E.D.I.]
For the fame (fame) The notoriety
To be well-known (well-known) in this society
To have everybody eyeing me
'Cause when I rise up my block mane, my cost is to floss
I'm making up for all the times, that I floss to be lost (floss to be lost)
I scream, (scream) 'til I was lost forever, nobody came (fame)
So on this day forth, I'ma die for the fortune and fame (fame)
Been on my name (fame) where were all these years that I walk this earth
Went for all mine (we search for fame) especially been cautious since birth
Remain the same, since the day I came (fame), will never change
Even though I live my life hellishly (fame) for all this fame (fame)

[Verse 4: Kadafi]
Block fronters shoot slugs we throw 'em back like hardballs
Without the gloves
No love for these fake desperadoes and thugs (hahaha)
I bleed to envy
Smoke and blow out they blunts sipping Henny
Drunk nights And high days
Cocking my heat shooting it sideways
A life on the run (ey look out, look out)
Full of common blunts unconditionally married to my gun
Fulfillin' my destiny for needs and ones desires
Be pulling all my cabbage like pliers
Stuck in the trance searching for something higher
Than fortune and fame
Hahaha

[Hook: 2Pac & Kokane]
Something we all adore
Something we dying for
Nothing but pain, stuck in this game
Searching for fortune and fame
Something we all adore
Something we dying for
Nothing but pain, stuck in this game
Searching for fortune and fame

[Verse 5: Spice 1]
I don't want to live forever, it's do or die
I'd be a dead nigga talking gangsta S.P.I
Niggas don't want me to be up in they system when I'm deceased
Talk shit about when I'm up in the coffin nigga you'll rest in peace (well alright)
Motherfucker, I die for this shit, I got a lot ridin'
Some niggas be backslidin', some niggas fall off and go into hidin'
Some niggas be players up in the game five years
Some niggas be making one platinum album
Then be gettin' disrespecting O.G. peers
Motherfucking hard since I was fo-teen, partners (fo-teen partna)
Some niggas be laying up in them streets, broke 'em off somethin' proper
Haters may try to take your soul cold-hearted ass niggas
Gotta ride with two twin Glocks, gotta sleep fingers on triggers
Niggas don't want to see you have nothing, so have something
And if a nigga run up on you, put a slug and get to dumping nigga
Fame...

[Chorus: Kokane]
Something we all adore
Something we dying for
Stuck in this pain, stuck in this game
Searching for fortune and fame
Something we all adore
Something we dying for
Nothing but pain, stuck in this game

Nothing but pain...
Stuck in this gaaaaaame