{​​Drumma Boy}​​ {​​*echoes*}​​

[Intro: Young Jeezy]
DJ Drama, what it do my G?
+It's The World+ nigga (DJ DRAMA~!!)
We running the summer
I swear the night is starting to feel just like the night before
You know I'm on 80 all acting a fool-io
We putting sparkles on them bottles make them move the ho
My name is Young and I don't club without that tool-io

[Young Jeezy]
I say, step up in this bitch (bitch), you know I got my weapon (Young!)
This ain't a gym class, why is everybody sweatin' (Haha)
Yeah I send them hoes some bottles, man them bitches looking thirsty (thirsty)
My checks are for the rim, I'm in this bitch, I'm looking birdie (daaamn)
You know the coupe is bloody murder, the coupe is bloody murder (AY!)
Yeah that motherfucker black, Harpo, color purple (That's right)
34 squares so that 1200 a circle
Do them numbers in his head, swear that nigga smart as Urkel (Yeah ho)
Mirror, mirror, should I kill them, gourmet to the Tims (Yeah ho)
400 for this four door, and it ain't got no rims (yeeeah)
Tell my waitress keep them bottles coming - I'm drinking like a fish
When those sparklers pass your table, all you bitches make a wish

[Hook: Young Jeezy]
H-H-H-H-How much liquor it gonna take to get it crackin' in this bitch
Look I came to get it in now why you actin' this bitch
Turn down for what?
Turn down for what?
J-J-J-J-Just let me know give me the word I get it cracking in this ho
And I'm about to show out - you know it's packed up in this ho
Turn down for what?
Turn down for what?

[Yo Gotti]
DJ Drama, what up, nigga?
Throw them sparklers in the sky, nigga...

Motion picture shit, nigga I pull up in slo-mo (action)
450 thou, I blew that on a two door (Aston)
Shit I got a new summer bag, I'll send you to Pluto (he gone)
Gotti a street nigga, but you knew that from the get-go (I am)
I'm turnt up to the max, and I'm just stunting on these niggas (I am)
I'm real as they say, so I'm holding court on these niggas (I am)
Wife beaters and jeans, and a pair of Jordans on these niggas (swag)
Heat cocked to the back, and I smash the sport on these niggas (Yeah ho)
You get money then show it, if you ain't then stop lying
If you looking for a nigga, bitch I ain't hard to find (chea)
Only nigga in the city, million dollars a car
How you kick it with the goon, you meant to be with the star

[Hook]

[Juicy J]
Turn down for what?
Made a few mill off two flows, big dog, Cujo
Your man here, you mad now; in the booty club, I'm the cash cow
We turning up, we broke the knob up, I'm on Xanax, trying not to nod off
Finna bust your bitch like a sawed off, makin' NBA money, I'm a ball hog
Big blunts and nigga still facing, bank account look like The Matrix
Niggas be acting still hatin' - I'm rich and I stay super faded
Pouring up that Bombay, let that reefer burn
Getting toppled by your bitch, my nigga wait your turn
Groupie bitches on my balls (balls), got 'em dancing with the stars (stars)
Once a million dollar nigga (nigga), half a million dollar cars (cars)
Have to love them ratchet bitches (bitches), they get too live with the Crew (Crew)
Make them pop that pussy open (open), man I feel like Uncle Luke (Luke)

[Hook]

[Outro: Young Jeezy]
Yeah... there you have it, nigga
Memphis Ten... (Turn down for what?)
Yo Gotti, Juicy J, Drumma Boy, DJ Drama (Turn down for what?)
The motherfuckin' committee, nigga; +It's The World+
We runnin' the motherfuckin' summer - no questions (Turn down for what?)
Rolexes up - TURN DOWN FOR WHAT?! TURN DOWN FOR WHAT?!