[Verse 1]
Foul play, keep still don't violate
Can't sleep when trying to meet Millz or Wale
40 Cal spray over some dry yay
Light a j with a babe cooler than Sade
It's him again, flow hard as Timberlands
Hoodie on, got them scared of these bars like Zimmerman
Hear them bickering, let me zip up my zipper then
They broke, ain't no fixing it
Every watch is from Switzerland
Hand on the K, standing on stage
The same niggas that hate be a fan of his page
Last deal had me feel like a man in a cage
The rap Deron Will, I demanded a trade
Pass leaving like this is my last season
Keep a pair of hard to get Air's like bad breathing
Niggas acting like hoes they drag queenin'
Let him burn, you're a waste of sperm, bad semen

[Hook]
I gotta get mine, speed up a slow grind
Yo Slime! There go one time!

[Verse 2]
Huh
Get your mind on the hustle
Over time on the grind make it bubble
Learn the plays never slide from the huddle
I can dig it without the lime and the shovel
Just came out, brung a lot of 'caine out
Me and Kane out, bugging, smoking our brains out
Wreckless when I talk like hearing Dame's mouth
The game got whole team here, this MH's house (Sliiiiiiiiime!)
Mask and glove in the glove compartment
I beg your pardon, I leave you departed in your apartment
Got a shooter with a beard like James Harden
J's on him, clubhouse seats, the game starting! (Whussup!)
All my niggas up, moved across, live it up
Be in these condos bored like "Call some bitches up!"
Hard to reach me my number is always switching up
Like throwing broads in the air, we're never bitching up!

[Hook]
I gotta get mine, speed up a slow grind
Yo Slime! There go one time!

[Verse 3]
I've seen them though, turn around, act like we're chilling
After they cruise by, just meet me back in the building
Stack a mil, you ain't got it, I had a feeling (I knew it)
I'm 6-series steering looking up like it had a ceiling!
This for them niggas that's on their trap shit
On the Ave will stash crack in their chapsticks
I stash crack in the Marmot
Inside pocket, like "I got it all, what you girls want?"

[Hook]
I gotta get mine, speed up a slow grind
Yo Slime! There go one time!