[Verse 1: Ballout]
Who you think you ahead of? Not us
I'm in a truck called SRT or somethin'
Doin' Need for Speed or somethin'
Hundred thousand my key or somethin'
Two hundred my Jeep or somethin'
Niggas broke as hell actin' like they don't know how to eat or somethin'
Miami Beach Louis sandals, know I got my heat or somethin'
At the condo, you can't get in unless you got a key or somethin'
Smokin' out the 440 and it smoke a P or somethin'
Took the doors off, ridin' through Cali in my Jeep stuntin'
Long as they print money it's gon' keep comin'
I know you hear my Jeep runnin'
I ain't pumpin' gas, they gon' keep pumpin'
Ride through the hood and they keep honkin'
People look at me and they see money
I'm a boss, d-money
Load em' people up, my phone gon' keep jumpin'
They like "Ball, is it weed or is it d-money?"
Bankroll like street money
Walk in Neiman's, leave the Hellcat and the Jeep runnin'

[Verse 2: Chief Keef]
My bitch said she gon' leave me like she complete somethin'
Bitch, you [?] met you at 2:30 and fucked your ass at 3 somethin'
Who you run up on? Not us
I'ma take my own heat, shoot three or somethin'
Might be in the trap, call Jeep or somethin'
Might get Ball with a half P or somethin'
Might be in SRT or somethin'
Krispy might make a bitch cream or somethin'
Cross that red line, get a beam or somethin'
Wake you up like you had a bad dream or somethin'
Who, Chief Sosa think he Rambo?
I was in the field with the lizard
Doing spinouts since the blizzard
Like Snoop Dogg "What's the wiz-zard?"
Disappear on that bitch like a wizard
And I'm cuttin' real sharp like a scissor
Roll by so fast, Big Dipper
I'm in LA more than a Clipper
Balenciaga more than a owner
Bitch, we out here more than a corner
Smoke way more dope than a stoner
And I drink way more than Homer
I can see like Christopher Columbus
Juiceman, the trap house bunkin'
You niggas ain't talkin' 'bout nothin'
King Sosa don't care about nothin'
F on my shirt, on my feet double Gs
Start gettin' F's in sixth grade, couldn't even get a couple B's
All for my habit, whats the fee? A couple G's
Aye lil' bitch, these Moncler, no need to buckle these
Aye lil' baby, these not me, no need to upload these
And when you hear that [?], bitch that's me up your street
And just make you think about when they put that thing up your teeth
Lil' nigga said up yo chest talkin' to me, up your speech

[Verse 3: Chief Keef & Ballout]
Pullin' off from Neiman's doin' donuts in the Jeep
Track [?] Look like Black Hawk flying out the street
Hopped out for twenty minutes for a backend
Seen your girlfriends tryna get back in
Hopped in the Hellcat, had to put the track in
Ball, you got the blues, why the fuck you blackin'?
Ball, you can rap, why you steady trappin'?
'Cause I get it for the L-O like Shawty nigga, tap in
Sosa, why you pay a thousand for that headband?
Because Ben Franklin is a dead man
Any time you see me, wonder that's that bread man
If he step in front his gun, then that's a brave man
Ball Gucci, he rock Gucci, he don't like Ray-Bans
Spikes so big I feel like a fuckin' caveman
Slick listenin' to this shit on his J-pad
No, I ain't Kanye, but I'm playin' cray-cray
Slick say fuck three-way, foe nem doin' eight ways
Sosa, you trust me? That's like askin' can a day wait
Told her don't play dum-dum, chew me like yum-yum
Girl I got a hundun, you ain't got a bum-bum
Tell me do you want one? I won't tell no one, do it when the folks come
You in the whip with me nigga, go ahead and blow some
Boy, you could be 250, don't hit no one
I got 100K, nigga come be my doorman
Thought you couldn't swim 'til you ended up floatin'
Had to close my heart when it ended up open
Ridin' down Washington, headin' up ocean
When it come to bread, I'm toastin'
Inside peanut butter, call that [?]
How I'm pushin' this bitch, nigga call that stroller
Bitch so bad, had to call that over
I'm goin' so fast, they gon' want this slower
[?] low, but I want it lower
Gave me more, but I want it more
Hear the buzzer beater, what's the score?
Said she love coke like what's the snort?
[?] just said that what's the Porsche?