[Intro: Chief Keef]
Young Chop on da beat
Aye, still the same young nigga
Ain't shit changed young nigga
I'm still comin' 064, I still rep 064 nigga
Still rep 300 nigga, I'm still 600 nigga
Rest in peace lil Steve nigga, lil moe nigga
Rest in peace all the guys
Rest in peace all niggas, rest in peace Big Glo nigga
Gang gang, nigga front street shit, 061 shit nigga
Bang bang, nigga gang gang, gang in this bitch nigga (bang!)

[Hook: Chief Keef]
I got all my motherfucking jewelry on (jewelry on)
You can try to flex like your bitch ass want it (like your bitch ass want it, huh?)
You don't want these bullets flying like some comets (flying like some comets, bang bang)
You a motherfucking frog little Kermit (you a Kermit, huh?)
I'm a glo man I don't need a garment (I don't need a garment)
And I'm hotter than a fucking furnace (hotter than a furnace)
Take a tooka blunt then I burned it (then I burned it)
And I spend this money cause I earned it (cause I earned it)

[Verse 1: Chief Keef]
That bitch called me on the phone she ain't want shit (she don't want shit)
Told that bitch don't call my phone with all that nonsense (Please don't call my phone with all that nonsense, yah)
I be getting to that guap bitch, I be guaping (listen to that guap, baby)
Smoking on this blunt, this shit stunky (this shit stank baby)
I mean skunky (gang baby), I'm rolling with the funky (gang baby)
Cops pull me over they don't want shit (baby)
They just want to say they locked me up (sosa, sosa, sosa)
Cause they know I got a lot of bucks (Chief Sosa)
But I'm bonding right out I ain't broke (I ain't broke, bitch)
Niggas ain't getting no money it ain't a joke (it ain't a joke, bitch)
You better get some money for your momma or your ho (bitch)
Boy yo ass better not be broke (bitch)
I spent four bands on a coat (On a Moncler)
I spent a fucking band on some loafs (on some god?)
I spent that hunnid on my air force ones (on my ones, yeah)
To stomp a nigga in his air force ones (in his air force one, yeah)
I don't need a jet, I want Air Force One (Air Force one, yeah)
I am fucking president and a sun (like Obama, yeah)
Sold a bitch for five thousand and left her one (I left for one, yeah)
And threw that fucking shit in the strip club (In the strip club, yeah)
Niggas flexing this ain't what they want (ain't what they want)
I up this pump and fill a nigga up (fill that bitch ass up)
Riding down my block no this ain't what they want (squad squad)
We up these pistols hit a nigga up (hit a nigga up, bang bang)

[Hook: Chief Keef]
I got all my motherfucking jewelry on (jewelry on)
You can try to flex like your bitch ass want it (like you want it)
You don't want these bullets flying like some comets (flying like some comets)
You a motherfucking frog little Kermit (still little Kermit)
I'm a glo man I don't need a garment (I don't need a garment)
And I'm hotter than a fucking furnace (than a chimney)
Take a tooka blunt then I burned it (burn it like a chimney)
And I spend this money cause I earned it (cause I earned it and you feel it)

[Verse 2: Chief Keef]
Smoking dope like a chimney (like a chimney)
Tec on my hip that means that it's feeling me (it's feeling Keith)
These niggas ain't no kin to me no friend to me (hell naw)
These nigga fucking enemies! (bang bang!)
Hey... the beat go off? (aye)
I up it then my heat go off (bang!)
I heard he do that sneaky talk (huh?)
I heard he was a sneaky dawg (you ah?)
I up this fucking 4-0 then I speak it dawg (dah)
Me I take naps and you a sleepy dawg (huh?)
Catch yo ass in the back shoot up your fe-fe dawg (dadah?)
.223 is at your neck, breathing dawg? (bang bang)
Nigga don't even sneeze I get to squeezing dawg (bang bang)
My little bitch a vet she said she need a dawg (gang gang)
She know I get them checks and I don't speak at all (han?)
Some bitches bully me and Justin Bieber y'all (gang)
I'm in the kitchen cooking Justin Bieber y'all (skarr, skarr)
I ain't got none of them shades I'm still not seeing y'all (nah)
Lil' bitch I'm glo I don't want to be with y'all (nah)
White air force ones cause that's how I'm feeling y'all (yah)
I'm from Chiraq where they be killing y'all (bah)
All these fuck niggas and they feeling hard (huh, huh?)
I'm laughing to the bank like ha-ha-ha-ha (ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!)
And I got my Glock and this bitch click clack pow, pow, pow, pow
(pow, pow, pow, pow, nigga)

[Hook: Chief Keef]
I got all my motherfucking jewelry on (jewelry on)
You can try to flex like your bitch ass want it (bitch ass want it, huh?)
You don't want these bullets flying like some comets (flyinglike some comets)
You a motherfucking frog little Kermit (that's lil Kermit, huh?)
I'm a glo man I don't need a garment (I don't need garment, huh?)
And I'm hotter than a fucking furnace (than a fucking chimney)
Take a tooka blunt then I burned it (then I burned it, huh?)
And I spend this money cause I earned it (cause I earned it, huh?)

[Outro: Chief Keef]
Aye, gang gang, nigga
Gang gang, nigga
Aye, gang in this bitch, gang in this bitch, gang in this bitch, gang in this bitch
Gang gang