[Hook: Chief Keef]
Said, shawty make it clap, (Bang) shawty bring it back. (Bang bang)
She throw it I'ma catch it.(Yea) Boy you can't handle that. (Bang bang)
GBE the squad, (Squad) GBE some stars. (Stars) Live life like it's no tomorrow
This cash ill throw it all, I said shawty make it clap

[Verse 1: Ballout]
Said, shawty make it clap, I'ma throw some stacks
But you got to make it jiggle, got to make it clap (Clap)
Girl I'm Ballout I got racks on top of racks (Ballout)
Everybody knows Ballout got a bag. (Got a bag)
I used to be on the corner, pushing packs (YEA)
Now every time you see me I'm throwing stacks. (Racks)
In the strip clubs, poppin' bottles, throwing sacks. (Racks)
Broke ass niggas can you boys handle that? (Naw)
What's really funna' hurt him Sosa says he's going to murd (Murder)
He say he's funna' charge fifty-thousand for a verse (DAMN)
I'm thinking like I'ma try to do it worser (What?)
Throw hundreds on Monday night just flirt.(sss)
Watching bad bitches just twerk in they work (What?)
You ain't got to show up I'ma throw the money on purpose
I don't give a damn if your ass ain't worth it. (DAMN)
I'm Ballout I got fucked by Angelina Jolie

[Hook: Chief Keef x2]
Said, shawty make it clap, (Bang) shawty bring it back (Bang bang)
She throw it I'ma catch it.(Yea) Boy you can't handle that (Bang bang)
GBE the squad, (Squad) GBE some stars (Stars) Live life like it's no tomorrow
This cash ill throw it all, I said shawty make it clap 2x

[Verse 2: Dro]
Shawty make it clap, like a nigga spent his stack
You know I'm bring it back, (Back) like a nigga holding racks. (Racks)
Your bitch is on my sack, (Sack) she said she like the way I rap. (Huh?)
Been seeing her for a while she knew me when I used to trap. (Trap)
And them G Benz in the lock on folds. (Lock on folds)
Lamborghini dough help finesse these hoes. (Help finesse these hoes)
I'm in the strip club dropping bands on hoes. (Bands on hoes)
Bitches getting mad cause I'm fucking with hoes. (Nah)
And I don't get no fuck cause I'm a Glory Boy. (GBE Baby)
See us in the club making all the noise. (You see us baby)
In the parking lot with them foreign toys
Tiny's from the verb call us Foreign Boys
You gonna make it clap like you know we got them stacks. (Clap, Clap)
And we gon do our thing. And blow a couple racks. (Racks)
GBE the squad. (GBE baby) Y'all know just who we are. (Are)
Sosa, Dro, and Ballout all of us are superstars. (superstars)

[Hook: Chief Keef]