[Intro]
Oh shit this nigga trippin'
Are you ready to put a hole in that motherfucker?
Cheeks, got yo Mac on you? Hold up lemme go grab mine
Sosa, got yo Mac on you, I know you do
Let's go

[Verse 1:Yae Yae Jordan]
Strapped, so I'm acting like a A Hole
Tell Reezy Animal I want the same head she gave Tadoe
We reckless. What you wanna play for?
Got some shooters with me, yea they shoot when I say so
I'm quick, when that K blow, they hit you then they lay low
Quit thinking shit sweet. You a lil nigga to me
Lil ass nigga, lil cred on the streets
Lil ass clothes with them lil Jesus piece
Big ass gun cause I got a lil beef
Stealing niggas lives; yea call me a thief
Black ball cap with that bright yellow P
Posted on the block where them goons and killas be
You a killa boy? Yea you really killing me
All these fake ass niggas nowhere near real as me
Being real ain't hard. How hard can it really be?
I be killing these niggas. Naw nigga literally

[Hook]
Strapped! So im acting like a A Hole
Nigga im acting like a A Hole(x2)
Strapped(x4)

[Verse 2: Chief Keef]
I'm Smoking Tooka! So I'm looking like a Asian
You wake up turn your swag on I wake up turn my K on
I'm ruthless
Naw baby I ain't Babe naw
Niggas want gun play? We shootin down playgrounds
Move it
I say bitch we on that fool shit
Who dis?
I say nigga we ain't cool bitch
Make being a profession bringing your career to a toothpick
No new shit
I just bought a house wit a pool shit
Fool shit
I'm on that, "Go get yo bank and groove it"
I bruise it
Beat the pussy up
And abuse it
A nigga owe me money? Up his ass goes the pool sticks
We do's this
We got movie clips and news clips
Top off the truck fuck all that panoramic roof shit
My mood shit
I just go by what my fucking mood is
Mind steady tellin me to kill him, then I do it
My gun should've told me something, but I can't accuse it
My mind; I lose it. That's why I'm always smokin Tooka
Your mind I shoot it that's why i always holding my ruger
I'm off a flat fuck all that leanin with the toolie
I'm out west coolin
Out west boolin
Call up lil Yae Yae
Pistols automatic shootin
That choppa make em Nae Nae its a automatic move and
My auto start Car wit my automatic toolie
Nigga pull up On me Its a automatic shooting

[Hook]
Strapped! So im acting like a A Hole
Nigga im acting like a A Hole(x2)
Strapped(x4)

[Verse 3: Yns Cheeks]
Pussy niggas clear the set, Mac 90's lay em down
Take his head off his neck when them bullets flip around
If the nigga make me sweat. I gotta put em in the ground
All I know is, shoot first and leave the scene on time
Don't let me catch you on this side
I put them beams in your ride
If you ain't ridin for the cause
Then you dont need to be outside
I got a eye for real niggas, bitch im livin like the mob
Never had a money problem and if I did then I rob
At the top its just us nigga 40 on the side
All we do is get loot while you play around
All my niggas gone shoot when its going down
Take your Monkey ass off the earth bananas all around
My PA boys, said he was never found
You know I mask up nigga every time I'm bout to clown
I know y'all fed up nigga, cause I'm ballin all around
Don't get ya head bust nigga, have you leaking on the ground

[Hook]
Strapped! So im acting like a A Hole
Nigga im acting like a A Hole(x2)
Strapped(x4)

Detroit x Chicago