[Chorus]
Where your cash at? Where your guns at?
Run up in your house like where your moms at?
Where the weed at? Where the pounds at?
Where you keep that? Cause I want that
Where your bricks at? Where your bitch at?
Fuck her till she tell me where your shit at
Looking, robbing everything, now where your lick at?
Talkin' bout 'where we at?' You want your shit back?

[Verse 1:]
We don't fuck with bricks, with your bitch ass
Come through, shootin' up your kick back
Who told you to party? Glo Gang didn't
We shoot your Hooptie up and ride off in the Bentley
I'm teachin' lessons boy, with the Smith & Wesson boy
It's doin' damage boy, I'mma squeeze this lemon boy
Hit your lemon boy, turn your ass to lemon boy
Fish nigga, turn your ass to salmon boy
Caught you at the light (skurt!) (du-du-du!)  Simon boy
Never snitch in my life you did? I'm laughin' boy
I smoke on the big blunt, the Aiki boy
You run Atlanta, we go to the club with no I.D. boy
Ning-Ding go: "ping ping ding ding ling ling", Chinese boy
See me through my big screen HD L-A-N-D boy
You ain't dead yet, but you can be boy
She ain't give me head yet, she ain't met me boy
I bought the Sprite and turned it filthy boy
I got a nina with a 50 boy
223's with 100 boy
Come through ya block like drumline boy

[Hook:]
Where your cash at? Where your guns at?
Run up in your house like 'where your moms at?'
Where the weed at? Where the pounds at?
Where you keep that? Cause I want that
Where your bricks at? Where your bitch at?
Fuck her till she tell me where your shit at
Looking, robbing everything, now where your lick at?
Talkin' bout 'where we at?' You want your shit back?

[Verse 2:]
Come through shootin', that's my squad
They be going hard
Hidin' in the grass
Smokin' wheelchairs like Degrassi
Fine, I'll let you shop
Pull strings no electric guitar
It's me and Glo Gang 3000 boy and plenty big bars
Bitch we gang, ain’t none of that squad
Tote stainless steel, ain't nothin that hard
You a stain, we up at your car
It's at your house, we up at your door
Bitch, etcetera
Got my guwap up, and my hammer tucked
Flexin' all up out your chest
Pussy boy get hecked up though
Thought you was about to blow at us
We was already three steps ahead of ya
Life was a bitch and I married her
Told her not to be on that scary stuff
Niggas be on that fuck shit and get their shit back
And we at your mouth bitch, like a tick tack
I'm on that break me off shit like a Kit Kat
And we snatchin' chains and snatchin' wrist wear

[Hook:]