[Hook: MAVT]
Why you always all on my back?
Why you gotta do me like that?
Why you gotta act like a snitch when I'm with you?
Baby girl I'm blue

[Verse 1: Relyt]
Okay it's Kendrick meets Hop meets acid rapper
It's tyler just spell me backwards
Afterwards there is the aftermath of my action words
My raps are the shit like l record in the bathroom with a couple of turds
Mavt and i geeked out we a couple of nerds
This is that reckless
Super star who's super independent
But signed to MVP records
This to how complex he is
Who cares what my complexion is
Cause I'm that light skin, dark skin, white kid, Amazonian, Asian, English, Russian, Mexican, Jewish, Colombian
So many colors you can confuse me with me Camilla Cream
But I'm happy about myself yeah I'm gay for me
Yeah I'm that dyslexic kid living in Texas and Florida and Georgia, New Jersey or New Yorka
Forget that I water born mammal like an Orca
Just forget it and sing the chorus
And clap for us
Don't ignore us

[Interlude 1: MAVT]
Cause you bore us
We're bias
Another hit wouldn't surprise us
Those liars lie yea their pants is on fires
I'm the only family member spared by Michael Myers

[Hook]
Why you always all on my back?
Why you gotta do me like that?
Why you gotta act like a snitch when I'm with you?
Baby girl I'm blue

[Verse 2: Relyt]
I spit colder than winter but im living in the summer
I'm so white I say dude bro and bummer
But I rap, half my family's black, and I don't live in the suburbs
Spit raps from the am to supper
I'm the type of kid to purposely get rug burn
And I'm freaking passionate MC like Kyle Gobern
And I'm straight outta sherk cause I am so stubborn
I'll go straight for your blubber
Forget words I should just spit that gibber
Like migos young thug Slickback and future
Listening to them is like swimming in pure sewer
I'm sicker than a druggie drunk puker
Peirce is poor, pure vanilla liquor for the lady licker
You hate me cause you're the nittest of nit pickers
My rhymes make you quiver get the jitters
Bug out but don't liter
Why do guys take pictures and use a bunch of flitters
White boy no em, no mack, no miller
I spit like this until I smoke again and become a vicious killer
Don't fill her up rivers

[Interlude 2: MAVT]
Man, I'm like pizza man that will never deliver
Someone cut the tape! Man, somebody hand me scissors!

[Hook]
Why you always all on my back?
Why you gotta do me like that?
Why you gotta act like a snitch when I'm with you?
Baby girl I'm blue

[Verse 3: MAVT]
Yo! MAVT on the third verse
Slit my bars with a knife so it don't hurt
Man, I've been waiting for the day for her to let me in
But then I got a text message saying let's just be friends
But you mean more to me than the average in numbers
I'll always comeback like caps pockets I'm made out of rubbers
I hate to love you cause there will never be an us
But we only say "i hate you" to the ones that we love
We'll never be something
But we'll never be nothing
You messed with my mind like the weed you be puffing
I wanted you since birth that's for real man wanted you since my photo shoot in my sound scan
I want to be different, want to be top of the line
But I can never think straight when your always on my mind
And I'll never feel that way again
I hope you know it's true
But only when I'm with you
I love you

[Hook]
Why you always all on my back?
Why you gotta do me like that?
Why you gotta act like a snitch when I'm with you?
Baby girl I'm blue