[Intro: Funkmaster Flex, Action Bronson and Big Body Bes]
F: You know what it is, you see me! Funk Flex, you see what– we make it happen! Download that DJ Funk Flex app right now! You see me with the a.k.a Young Chocolate, ladies, you see me! My ma– my man Action Bronson is here, baby!
A: Uh! Young renegade, yo, Body, what up, Body?
B: I'm out here, man, take 'em back! '99, I got it shakin' in front of Skate Key, you wasn't wit' me!
A: Uh! You know what I'm sayin'?
B: [?], man. We out here, shout-outs to [?], Fordham Road, we out here wildin'!
A: Yo, yo, I got this, baby. I got this

[Verse 1: Action Bronson]
Yo, spent your advance on one trip to Six Flags
With a handicapped class with your candy rap ass
Bitch, you singin' like Frankie Lymon
Fuck around, you might break your hymen
Then somebody's gonna have to clean the mess up
Like you fuckin' spilled ketchup
Fuckin' flawless from the neck up
If you want it, better step up
You don't wanna feel that brat-tat-tat-tat
Come through the fuckin' ball court with Salt-N-Pepa
Hold on, hold the fuck on, yo

[Verse 2: Action Bronson]
Yo, yo, yo, listen, yo, yo
If I die, change my suit four times at the wake
Make sure I get my dick sucked also
Uh, everybody wearin' white clothes
Crush cocaine, put it up your right nose
You might see me lookin' homeless
Hoppin' out the rover, parrot on my shoulder
Just say, "What up," I might acknowledge you
My shit is crazy, though appear to be a common dude
I only deal with people that invent shit
'Cause after rap there ain't no pension
And I'm just tryin' to be the next George Foreman
Inventin' new grills so Jadakiss could cook the base on it
I might take a shit in some expensive jeans
I got expensive habits
My kids are mixed like Lenny Kravitz
It's not me rappin', it's the parrot
And if I punch you in the face
You'll never eat a motherfuckin' sandwich!
Body!

[Interlude: Action Bronson, Big Body Bes and Funkmaster Flex]
B: Oh my God!
A: Queens in the motherfuckin' building, man! Flex, you hear me, man?
F: I hear you!
A: Yo, shout-outs to my brother Alchemist, man! Yo, Body, tell 'em somethin', son! Uh!
B: I cry– I can't eve– I feel like speaking Puerto Rican, right now
A: Yo, I got this, son. I got this. I got this. Yo, yo

[Verse 3: Action Bronson]
These dudes wanna claim king, you're dealing with immortals
Fuck being cordial, I'm laughin' while I'm dancin' in the ball room
Former king's head lay in the guillotine
Snap my fingers, chop that motherfucker for the village to see
Ain't no man walking iller than me
If you see me, better kneel on the knee
I'm like a one-in-a-million case
Brilliant face, crooked J tryna put me in the cage
Turn the page, bitch, I'm paid
I been around the world more than Carmen Sandiego
Raw meat thrown to lions under the table
Grown men breakin' bread while your face bled
Found him face down in the shed like a base head
Switch plates on the Civic, pivot
Exotic places that they rap about, I live it
Fat boy, I'm eatin' all the spinach
Hold up a second, baby, I ain't even finished, nah
I dropped 50 grand on my man's bail
Two hours later, he was tan as a potato
From a foreign land that once was occupied by NATO
Every line is nasal
We deal with more numbers than times tables
Bodies get found in the ground by neighbors
I'm in the bathroom reading the paper, laid up
Sharp blade cut, need a top, girly-girlies like it
The ones that go two ways, it's just my blue phase
Shit, dawg, yo
I'm in the bathroom reading the paper, laid up
Butt-naked in the Lamborghini
These motherfuckers can't see me
The Magic Johnson of the game, these lames don't want to play with me
You hear me?
Queens in the motherfuckin' building!

[Outro: Funkmaster Flex, Action Bronson and Big Body Bes]
F: New York City, listen, man. I'ma– I'ma keep it– I'ma keep it official today. Yo, this boy Action Bronson is the nicest in the game right now, bruh
A: Uh!
F: We gon' keep it official. This is a mean freestyle
B: You hear that?
A: Uh!
F: He's the nicest in the game, we gon' keep it official
A: QU!
F: Yo, listen, you're more than welcome to disagree, I don't think many people gon' disagree
A: Shout-outs to Body
F: Mean
A: Shout-outs to Alchemist, Meyhem Lauren, Jay Steel, we the fuck out here