[Intro: N.O.R.E.]
We so close to the finish line
We know we gon' win
We ain't been this close in a long time

[Verse 1: N.O.R.E.]
What up, kid?
What it feel like?
You fakin' this shit, I'm really real life
Your Moissanite jewelry, that shit ain't real ice
You playin' with fire, it get you burnt nice
I was raised to respect people
Like a magnet to some metal, I connect people
Your memory foul, let's recollect, people
We lost contact, let's reconnect, people
Sasquatch mystery, you should do your history
I popped him the day that they convicted me
But I swore this dude would never snitch
He was a gangster, a killer turned derelict
Couldn't look at his face, I had to look down
Disappointed, I used to look up to him
I popped him, then he snitched
Now the hood don't fuck with him
There's never no words, no one say what's up to him

[Hook: N.O.R.E]
I've been through things in my life, it's [?] crazy
I still go through 'em too, it's all gravy
But I stand with the best of them
Catch me at the club drinkin' up with the rest of them
Mazel Tov! It's celebration time
Mazel Tov! Dedication worth my time
Mazel Tov! It's celebration time
Mazel Tov! Dedicated to the grind

[Verse 2: N.O.R.E.]
Sour diesel aroma
Left rack city, we go [?]
I came a long way
I used to slap box with my shadow
Warrior, walkin' the streets with bows and arrows
I was always mad, never had a reason to smile
That's sour OG, you could smell for a mile
California
Every time I come here, it make it hard to go home
I want [?]
Drinks for everybody
I'm in the biz again, I'm into wine too
Pinot is [?] too
[?] crew, my crew is slime too
We closin' clubs in New York, must we remind you?
Uh oh
I got a feelin' that tonight'll be a good night
I pull her hair while I fuck her, then I tell her "goodnight" (bye, baby)
And she love it when I'm all street
I got no beef but pack all heat 'cause

[Hook: N.O.R.E.]
I've been through things in my life, it's [?] crazy
I still go through 'em too, it's all gravy
But I stand with the best of them
Catch me at the club drinkin' up with the rest of them
Mazel Tov! It's celebration time
Mazel Tov! Dedication worth my time
Mazel Tov! It's celebration time
Mazel Tov! Dedicated to the grind

[Verse 3: Action Bronson]
[?] about a thousand pounds
Caught the ball, kept it movin', never had to bounce
Never around because I'm gettin' money out of town
Gettin' gargle from a thick bitch in satin gown
You think to live this life is easy?
Yes men with wet mouths tryin' to appease me
It ain't worth sellin' my soul to be on TV
I'm all good, still in my hood, my people need me
Just twist another one to show respect
You think I'm rhymin' for the necklace just to glow the neck?
I want the boat and deck, that's when the dough connect
The car lookin' like a plane, no eject
I tell my servant girl I'm so erect
She hop on top, I'm smokin', didn't even work a sweat
That's how I'm livin', you like me or you don't
Can't not a motherfucker take me out the zone

[Hook: N.O.R.E.]
I've been through things in my life, it's [?] crazy
I still go through 'em too, it's all gravy
But I stand with the best of them
Catch me at the club drinkin' up with the rest of them
It's celebration time
Dedication worth my time
It's celebration time
Dedicated to the grind