[Intro:Action Bronson/Wais P]
Wais man
What up Act?
You brought those bitches by the other night
I liked the white one with the tits
The blond one!
I was peeping her, can I get that freebee?
I got you. Shi!
Son of at

[Verse 1:Action Bronson]
We got the steel drum, jerk chicken, smoke singles, oil fingers
Wrapped around a Snapple blowing trees, lean on foreign cars
Army Shorts seven hookers stripping on the party bus
Generate that paper with the green ink
In God We Trust
Draped in all kinds of animals from Africa
Style is always fresh, because I flip it like the a spatula
Whisk the whip, Lay it flat just like a Persian rug
All up in the mountains getting blasted smoking herb and drugs
Bitch
Don't leave that strip until my money's made
Until I'm driven by a driver in a honey Range
Make sure it's accurate
Just sell that pussy 'til that shit look like a catcher's mit!
Fly on behalf of it!
Swing the cherry coupe, bitches blush like Betty Boop
Make the pussy whistle, whistle, whistle like the kettle do
Drinking Ketel One thirty olives on the rim
Seen me on the coast, so much you think that I'm a Corsican

[Bridge:Wais P]
That's an island in the Mediterranean
You gotta take the boat to the boat
Only boat you know about is the Staten Island Ferry!

[Hook:Action Bronson/Wais P]
Just raise your hands in the air if there's money in your pocket
And different bitches faces on the neck inside the locket
Bracelet on the dash, light hit it, gleam glass
Our drugs is in your system and you just wanna spazz
Just raise your hands in the air, yeah!
Just raise your hands in the air, come on!

[Verse 2:Wais P]
Pimp cane,Bentley doing doughnuts, leaving oil stains
Loyal dames treat me royal, got a nigga gripping drank
Don't ask what's in my cup, motherfucker I'll be sipping pain!
They call me Wais P, but your girl call me a different name
Not you, I see hate from a distance, I could spot you
Put money on your head, you'll be hunted by blue and red
Catch me by the poker table and I don't gamble
I'm scheming on that blond bitch in the Louis sandals
She's scheming on the high roller so she could jam him
Then bring the money back to me, that's how you're pimp and pander
Take a gander at the modern day Marvin Gaye, Isaac Hayes
With Libarache diamonds and my shoes should be in the cage
Coat should be on the leash, my flow is beyond your reach
Die and resurrect myself, and then these cats will honor me
But honestly, I'm waiting for you squares to act ornery
So I could pull the semi out the tux like Sean Connery

[Bridge:Action Bronson]
Yo, as soon as we get out of the fucking boat, man
Have someone there ready to make the ceviche for my man!

[Hook:Action Bronson/Wais P]
Just raise your hands in the air if there's money in your pocket
And different bitches faces on the neck inside the locket
Bracelet on the dash, light hit it, gleam glass
Our drugs is in your system and you just wanna spazz
Just raise your hands in the air, yeah!
Just raise your hands in the air, come on!

[Outro:Wais P]
Niggas can't fuck with this! Wais P, AB ,Action Bronsolino
Cheffing up some incredible pimp shit
Incredible rap shit, Fuck is wrong with yall niggas?
I swear to God!!!