[Intro: Sample]
"I'm all alone, up comes this big black-and-gold death Benz, man. The windows rolled down, the inside has--"
"Russell, man?"
"Russell? You want to tell the dream, man?
"No, it's fine"
"--two of the flyest girls you ever wanna see, man..."

[Verse 1: Action Bronson]
Let's go, it's voodoo
Uh, yeah it's voodoo
I am my own religion, you can wear me on your neck
I might take a shit and wipe my ass with a rap check (it's nothing)
The Captain because I lead by example
Alone smoking wax in a room full of candles
Haitian lady, poke a doll with the needle
Ayo, the bitch kind of resemble Don Cheadle
I'm like a blonde seagull, twisted roolies in my aunt's Regal
Drinking Paul Masson, watching Home Alone
Even when I mow the lawn, I always hold the chrome
Cause they come from out of nowhere, try to pull your cord
They flee off in a blue-ish Ford, put two in the door
Never ruin the raw
Run in the tunnels from the two and the four-train in broad day
You silly rabbit, rhymes are foreplay
I cop a 50-bag with short change
You can see my mom's reflection in a Sport-Range
Shit is voodoo

[Hook 1: Action Bronson]
It's voodoo
It's voodoo
It's voodoo

[Verse 2: Action Bronson]
It started raining out of nowhere
I let the flare off, it almost burned my fucking hair off
Science forbid, Jamaican girls be eyeing the kid
She weighed 275, she could've played the D-line
For the Bengals, we danced the Tango-Tango
I sing a jingle, now the Beamer slam like Kurt Angle
Curse out the window at a cunt that tried to cut me off
I hit her window with a fried rice and duck sauce

[Hook 2: Action Bronson]
It's voodoo, you're doodoo
Stash the acid in the asshole of a German Poodle(They'll never find it there)
Uh, sacrifice the motherfucking chicken
It's voodoo

[Interlude: Action Bronson]
"Now I want you to set set up right here."
"No--"
"I want you behind the garbage can."
"Where-- where, man?"
Wait for my instructions."
"No!"
"Do you understand me or not?!"
"No I don't, I don't!"
"What are we gonna do, what are we gonna do?!"

[Verse 3: Action Bronson]
So what I'm saying is the armored truck arrives about 7 sharp
Wear the dress and wear the wig
Light one cig then wait for my instructions
If you listen, we'll be skating through customs eating muffins
Tropical discussions, you can see your reflection up in my Duncans
Shit, I go nuts
And I'm not fat, I'm only robust
Crash the jeep into your crib until it blows up (Blows up)

[Hook 3: Action Bronson]
Uh, till it blows up
Crash the jeep into your crib until it blows up
Motherfucker, till it blows up
It's voodoo