[Verse 1]
I remember the first time seeing that Amsterdam side
Xzibit told me "homie, this trip will blow your mind"
Made it outside the States, 14 hour flights, spent 10 awake. I couldn't wait
This is back when you could catch a case
Round my way for an eighth
It wasn't legalized, but out here you can blow trees and socialize
I remember I met a bady from Norway with some pretty eyes
You know I handle mine
Did a show at the Melvaig, it's sold out [?] nobody no me but they respect the homie
Spent hours at The Greenhouse coffee shop, all the strains I never tried
That's where they told me, "Demrick, you 'gon get your shine. Just go and push the line, never forget to climb."
And I took their words with me, burning sticky while I'm staring at the city
Promise I'll be back, next time I'll bring my niggas with me
Do it big

[Hook]
Early morning coffee shop conversations, Backwood blazing, super lemon hazing, all this weed I'm facing. (All this weed I'm facing.)
And I ain't even on vacation (And I ain't even on vacation. Damn.)

Hopping off the train at Centraal Station, cruise a bike through the Red Light thinking to myelf, "where we 'gon take it?" (Where we 'gon take it?)
Amsterdam's waiting. (Yeah, Amsterdam's waiting.)

[Verse 2]
What up Hoppa? Let's go to Amsterdam, make an album
Stoney Point 2 speaking volumes, that shit clowning
Let's stay in the Red Light where they party every night
We can go and check the sights and hit the studio and write
All this hard work, we deserve a vacay
Plus everyone else rap about the greens say the same thing
Said let's level up, yeah, not just maintain
We on the same page, homie, let's go kill the game
Blowing tree on the boat in the canal
This shit is wild
It's been a while since I've been around
But ain't much changed
Out here you're better off with a bike than a Mustang
And they still got love for legends like the Wu-Tang
And they 'gon try to sell you weed, ex the cocaine
But I'm good with some Henny and some hash
This Euro cash got me blowing money fast, got to make it last
I'm just playing, I brought the bag to live it up
For all the nights I sacrificed never giving up
The mission was to get in the culture, build with the stoners
Make a classic you could play over and over
And we did it
Some target, some limit. There's a difference
Hustle hard, stay lifted, no gimmicks
Staying authentic is the only rule
Stoney Point reporting live, from us to you

[Hook]
Early morning coffee shop conversations, Backwood blazing, super lemon hazing, all this weed I'm facing. (All this weed I'm facing.)
And I ain't even on vacation (And I ain't even on vacation. Damn.)

Hopping off the train at Centraal Station, cruise a bike through the Red Light thinking to myelf, "where we 'gon take it?" (Where we 'gon take it?)
Amsterdam's waiting. (Yeah, Amsterdam's waiting.)

(Early morning coffee shop conversations, Backwood blazing, super lemon hazing, all this weed I'm facing.)

(Hopping off the train at Centraal Station, cruise a bike through the Red Light thinking to myelf, "where we 'gon take it?")