[Verse 1]
It’s necessary that I catch you up to speed
Lot more behind the scenes then what you seeing in my feeds
Spent two years straight on the road chasing down my dreams
Lost in the scene, almost forgot what home means
Fuck sleep, I bet it all on the team
I don’t stress it, count my blessings
I’m a king! I’m a king!
And regard us, we all good and just know we all still movin’ like y’all should
‘Cause when this game switch positions, I don’t let it blur the vision
Every verse I spit, it’s like I’m on a murder mission
The clock ticking, better get to work, tired of mom’s living for the first with an empty purse
Ghetto curse with a bunch of dirty money I can’t clean
Half these rappers you take they autotune off, they can’t sing
I ain’t hating, boy, I use it too
So fuck you judging from your cubicle ‘cause something sounding new to you?
And you want to know what’s sounding old to me?
A bunch of broke niggas talking ‘bout where they supposed to be
How many motivational tweets do you got to see, ‘fore you finally believe in yourself?
You got help then it’s on you
Better do what you gotta do
Take it from me, Young De, I live the impossible
No radio records, no real record deal, no real appeal, just a bunch of verses everybody feels
They say skill is overrated now and my age’ll weigh me down
One day they’ll be happy that this old dog stayed around
I play the pound like a vet
I got pounds on deck
I break it down with respect
Let’s go

[Piano Break]

(Shit ain’t been easy for me
I appreciate the grind though, and the support.)

[Verse 2]
Was feeling underrated and under-appreciated
Then I checked my bank statements and re-evaluated
Far from a millionaire, but even farther from the top
Rhyming, water boiling over the stove. I was really there
Vivid memories of packing bags back in Philly
Girl looking at me silly
Said I’m moving out to L.A. Yeah they ‘bout to feel me
I’m ‘bout to make it with this rap, it’s either that or kill me
I’m even farther from the hype, man, you might have first seen on stage
Standing right next to legends like a mic stand
Thinking “what a life”, damn
But I only made two-fifty a show
And I got lost in the sauce trying to floss on the road
I would come back home more broke than I’d left
Use liquor to cope with stress, I was deeply depressed
I had hope, yes. You see, I never lost sight of that
Because I love to talk my shit, bitch, light a match

(Hey nigga, we ‘bout to go out there and do our thing, before we do that you know how we do nigga, lets cheers up. And thank God bless us even though this world stressing. Now let’s go shut it down.)
​