[Verse 1]
Yeah
The check snaps, touring hearing is cancelled
The label pulled the record they ain't clearing the samples
My mind gone for good, they say my spirit in shambles
It's too long that I've been gone, it leads to various scandals
So I just sip these spirits and gamble
In a pub with cracked panels in the ceiling, Jack Daniels
Got me feeling like a hurricane
Tearing through my city with the flood and rain
Washed in the gutter with the blood and pain
Cut up caine. Nose leaking, stumbling and muttering
Hoes tweaking parked cars after I was loving Slaine
Bone chilling, track mobs, covering the [?] veins
An old feeling killing me. God, what's become of Slaine?
Aw, naw what a shame. What a money, what a fame
What's the meaning?
Guess he got some demons that he couldn't tame
So many years of these nights I waited the weather
Everybody knows my name but I'm isolated as ever


[Hook] Demrick
Living this life I lead
No one prays for me (prays for me)
Two shots, get you rocked off top
We play for keeps (play for keeps)

Black ski mask, black Glock
Black flag, flying down to black block
Point blank range with the red dot
Nobody prays for me


[Verse 2]
I'm homicidal, suicidal and frustrated
I thought I'd move from my past mom, I just made it
Stuck jaded, cold shattered and just faded
Same old me but my old habits are updated
Praying on [?] to the champagne and the fluids
Anger in my heart, but they can't tame in the booth
Hooked on the same thing that's the brand name of the group
It sits beyond this little kid, pain of the truth
Kids shake their heads and look
When they spot him on the block
They say I'm ice cold
I say "I beg your pardon, but I'm high"
It's a long way to climb when you started with no stock
Putting my bottom at the bottom
And my bottom at the top
What's the problem? Why'd you stop?
What's your problem? What you care for?
I just lost a friend that I couldn't shed a tear for
Eventually when the gas runs to E
Guess who's left looking? The last one to see
It's me


[Hook] Demrick
Living this life I lead
No one prays for me (prays for me)
Two shots, get you rocked off top
We play for keeps (play for keeps)

Black ski mask, black Glock
Black flag, flying down to black block
Point blank range with the red dot
Nobody prays for me