(Young De)
I was searching for love in the wrong places
The cop car chases, the broken lot favorite
This is so foul we call it flagrant, but ever since a child we've been wild by the paper
And I want money like the next man does
So tell me how could I show the next man love
When I see the stand up guy throw his hand up high
The police told him freeze they made him bleed cause …
I need a little weed just to ease up my mind
I wanna believe everything will be just fine
Play the streets so tough, when I was growing up, thought I'll never get enough
Thought I'll end up in cuffs, but I started loosing homies
We couldn't keep in touch they godtlocked up and shut
This ain't what I want and fuck'em with the streets
I wish he wouldn't be off better front
And told me that it could get so lonely in the club

(Chorus)
These streets don't love you back, you gotta watch where you act, uh
I've been so good to you, but what you give me back?
All the hard ache and pain, all the losses I gained
Made these streets just a shame, that these streets don't love you

(B-Real)
I came apart in the pink
I'm always acting this way, I'm so real I make you feel they should make me a saint
Every summer when the streets are hot, I kept my heat unlocked
Around the corner … just know how to use a knife
It was ...then, I'm a sinner and you don't wanna see where I've been
I left … from the slums, you can follow me out
So many haters couldn't wait to spit my name out their mouth
We got games, no lanes, … buster out
Got your bird riding with me I put a stage on a blouse
Yeah, we're some dirty niggers, you couldn't hurt me …

...dirty niggers, I got mine homie, you better get your own …
You better check your tone, you step into the war zone
It's all over cause the streets need a sacrifice, and you're the one who they take tonight, bitch

(Chorus)
These streets don't love you back, you gotta watch where you act, uh
I've been so good to you, but what you give me back?
All the hard ache and pain, all the losses I gained
Made these streets just a shame, that these streets don't love you

(Young De)
I'm always on the grind, I got money on my mind
I know it's cliche but she say she love me when I …
It;s the hustler’s prayer keep right right here
Tonight's the night I take my life I swear
Bit it's a roll of the dice cause these streets don't care
Hey yo homie, staying there he was just right here
Awaking up in cell and this is not a nightmare
The exact moment you figure out like ain't fare

(B-Real)
I got my hands on my scrap yeah, I'm strong with the stack
In the rap with my fan base they keep coming back
They believe cause on the strength we all in this … we've been through the same shit trying to get out of this place
But there's crabs in the pot, trying to trash you a lot
You go ahead you kill this bitch … spot
That's life it's keep moving the head, going for bread
I only break for my fam and there is one thang

(Chorus)
These streets don't love you back, you gotta watch where you act, uh
I've been so good to you, but what you give me back?
All the hard ache and pain, all the losses I gained
Made these streets just a shame, that these streets don't love you