Love me just for me.  Love me just for me
Love me just for me.  Love me just for me
Love me just for me.  Love me just for me
Love me just for me.  Love me just for me

Sitting here all alone
Wondering why you're not at home
Isn't it what have I done
What have I done?
I'm trying so hard to please you, girl
I'm trying to get inside your world
Can't you see you're all I need
Your love is what I need

The kind of love that'll always be special
(Love me just for me.) Forever and ever for the rest of our lives
(Love me just for me.)
My heart is yearning for a love that's tender
Love me just for me over and over again
(Love me just for me.)

Remember baby, you said we'd go
Time to let our feelings show
Let me in, you said to me
That's what you said to me
Your lies became a crying shame
A search for wealth, fortune and fame
This day I can't fulfill your needs
Love wasn't what you were looking for

(Love me just for me.) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
The kind of love that'll always be special
(Love me just for me.) Forever and ever and ever
Oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh
(Love me just for me.)
My heart is yearning for a love that's tender
Love me just for me over and over and over and over and over again

(Love me.) I said baby, baby, could you care
Could you care (Would you care) for me (for me) every minute, every hour
Come on.  (Love me.) Come on, say you love me
Say that you love me.  Just say that you need me
(Love me just for me.) I'm not gonna leave you, I'm not gonna go
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no

I had a girl, but all she seemed to care about was materialistic things
Yeah, I know what you mean
It wasn't like you couldn't give it to her, but that was all she wanted
Well, I'll keep searching this big old world until I find my lucky star
And when I do, I'll ask her to love me just for me

Ahhh, ah, ahhhhhhhh.  (Love me just for me.)
Hey, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, uh.  (Love me just for me.)
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, uh
Oh, oh, oh, uh, uhhh...Would you love me
(Love me just for me.) Oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh
(Love me just for me.) Love me
(Love me just for me.) It gotta be only me
You got to change
(Love me just for me.) I'll be a better man
(Love me just for me.)
I'm trying so hard to please you, girl
I'm trying to get inside your world.  (Love me.)
(Love me just for me.) Oooh, baby
(Love me just for me.) Love me, only me
(Love me just for me.) You're all I ever need
Love me just for me.  Love me just for me
Love me just for me.  Love me just for me