In a parallel universe, would've scored that girl man
I mean goal in the back of the net
I want that second chance, she plays hard to get
Young lady luck, only give a glance and then she jet
My shot trailed off to the left, and I let that get away like a car after a heist
Back to the lab in a cab, want that fab life
Then I see their strife and my need is trifle
The flame that feeds our greed is a cycle
A sage told me that, a silver bullet in a rifle
Aim at the target, I will not be stifled
Cut through the noise like a sharp knife would
Life is all good? well, knock on wood
No joke bro, sounds too nice, but not a hoax though
Schedule is irregular, my style particular
Lines are parallel but I move perpendicular
...picture this, a natural bliss...
Raise your arms, now open your fists
...make a wish...
You don't need a new TV to see things in 3D
...imagine this, a natural bliss...
...a pop quiz, make a wish...
Eyes closed, show teeth from ear to ear
Teleport in a flash from here to there
In a parallel universe, I would have my way
Get my own lane, trot the globe in my own plane
Maybe not that far, but I fly over the ocean with a cool guitar
That I play in the streets, my hat as a tip jar
Hop bars by night, studio by day and collect my pay
If it weren't for a visa would've said peace out
And if they didn't want me, would've been kicked out
Already, would you get the clue?
I've been dropping hints leading to a scene where I stand true blue
Like the sky in the summer time
Make you feel fine
Music to my eyes when I see your behind
However we crossed paths in the recent past or
Intersect next year, we'll link my dear
My schedule is irregular, your style particular
Lines are parallel and we move perpendicular
...picture this, a natural bliss...
Raise your arms, now open your fists
...make a wish...
You don't need a new TV to see things in 3D
...imagine this, a natural bliss...
...a pop quiz, make a wish...
Eyes closed, show teeth from ear to ear
Teleport in a flash from here to there