[Intro]
Hi My name's shingo and I .. I guess I'm a rapper , 3sa

[Verse 1 : Shingo!]
Young nigga gon come through with the clip , you was talking shit but you the 5th round pick , hair so nappy I really need a pick , on a skateboard I can do 50 tricks , bitch so nasty she been on 50 dicks , I'm the grim reaper when you see me you gon shit , you snitched on my nigga you a fuckboy , yo bitch so horny she playing with a sex toy , yo bitch so nasty a to the next boy , 3sa you can't fuck with us yet , you ain't gotta mixtape ? Oh nigga bet , gta military based steal a jet , ps3 nigga yea my name's wzijet , check it in my email , Check it on my chest , red dot right in the middle I'm the best , never really liked him gotta bullet proof vest , listen to my nigga surf his verse next , I'm on the internet while I'm on the game , I'm just google but ya'll fuck niggas lame , I can keep a girlfriend piece it's a shame , hitman push a pussy nigga on the turf , I'm done listen to my fye nigga surf .. aye , 3sa

[Verse 2 : Surf]
UH! Pick it up from shingo , I'm bout to go beast mode , nigga fuck silver , 3sa we gold , looking through the peephole , looking for the money , Sippin' on some ice tea gotta have some honey , I just gotta haircut like my nigga swan , I'm the mouse like jerry runinn' from that nigga tom , look no flex , Ima [?] Bomb , Fuck [?} , 3sa winning , what the fuck you thought ? , Catch me on the sidewalk runinn' from the thoughts , wait for track season Ima fucking hawk , If you fucking with my girl then you might get shot , They said we wouldn't make it but we already did , niggas looking for me but a nigga off the grid , ima dolphin but I can turn into a pig , I be up at Walmart stealing all the [?] , My shoes are Adidas , I'm in a priest , sippin koolaid on my way to the [?] , ain't nobody gon defeat us , we always gon win , she want my autograph wait let me get a pic , They say I look delicious , ball like I'm pippen , nigga get dirty like some motherfucking dishes , surf's in the wave now I got you niggas slippin , ya girl love us cause the way that we spittin , every beat I'm on I rip it , every bug I see I'm gonne kill it , going to fast I need a ticket , playing defense like a motherfucking pickett , bitch braid my hair like that nigga xzibit , surf drop bars like AT&T , 3sa the team , don't play with us , punch you in the face if we see you in the cut , when I ball hard I got sweat in my butt

[Outro]
Yeah , it's 3sa the team , its 3sa the mafia ... fuckboy