[Intro: Daveed Diggs]
Ha!
Small things to a giant
Let's get it

[Verse 1: Daveed Diggs]
Damn
Feeling like a cold game
I remember when we used to spit that propane
But now they want this cold swag in them skinny jeans
So they pocket these bars that give them niggas brain freeze
Is that cold enough? (oof)
Icy flow (oof)
They want similes
As in, "like, you know?"
But really that's no different from how I was taught to flow
And uncover my tell-tale heart
Edgar Allen Poe

A dead writer
In these fast times
Trying to get you Ridgemont High off my past lines
A man named Stevie told me paradise was past time
So fuck that future shit–my ancestors get gas lines
I'm from a long line
Standing on broad shoulders
Seeing higher than most these rappers can fly over
And it's all gravity
I'm magnetizing minds over
Santa's workshop in Antarctica
Bipolar

And I write smart-ass speeches
But my chick's ass?
That's a damn genius
And with all that in my corner, wonder why I'm speechless
To all these teenagers talking their shit: Shut up, Beavis
Matter of fact, break out them brass knuckles and see me, son
Never understand why a sucker with a glass jaw want to talk so much
So you really think your talk mean shit to a scribe that go as hard as us?
Count our success on the heads of these outdated haters like an abacus


[Chorus: Daveed Diggs]
You over there feeling brave, huh? Don't try it
These peasants can't respect the king! So defiant
"Off with their head" flow–I'm a tyrant
Recognize you're talking small things to a giant
Small things to a giant
Recognize you're talking small things to a giant
Small things to a giant
Small things to a giant
Recognize you're talking small things to a giant

[Verse 2: Rafael Casal]
Me and Diggs taking off the doors of the bucket
Slapping stock speakers
'Til the tweeters blow, fuck it
Sunflower seeds, peach rings, and a fifth of Heen
Folks say I'm out my fucking mind when I smoke my weed in public
They after what Rafa got
Flipping a bird in a cold game, call me Cobblepot
Flipping a word in my own lingus, I talk a lot
I got talk I gotta get off my brain
I got brain I gotta get from a dame who give boss a lot
She can talk to cock and if you talking shit
I'm really with the shit, so you can talk to Glock
Just got a bit carried away, okay?
My bad
Don't run, hippie thug
Peace, love, and guns
[?] hippie drugs
Drip on my tongue
Now I'm trippin' tons
Had an epiphany; let me epiphanate
About how I'm nothing like
All of these simpletons
Simple guy, but with a little funds
Can make minis into giants
Riperton
Guess I'm caught up living in my kickback state of mind (Getback!)
State of affairs from these players hanging exit signs
Showing the less rare the way to run when we light the fire
Call for Rafael when you done with liars
Liars

[Chorus: Daveed Diggs]

[Verse 3: Daveed Diggs]
If I'm being honest
I don't give a fuck about your feelings
When the gas turn on, it's
Burn, baby, burn [?] to the ceiling
This infernal disco
Schizo to the left
Give the whole thing a grandiose feeling
Two King Kong rapping motherfuckers smashing on the game like it was just a village building
And all of these village people
Costumed to distract from content
And want to contend
When every other word we utter is another fucking bomb threat
Are we on yet?
But it really doesn't matter cause we overstepping, step over the onset
Of all of these copycat they-might-be giants trying to walk miles in our steps
As we step-by-step father a roster of monster tracks
And Foster Farm a million minions with Oakland up on their backs
Building pyramids in the town
Bay Area Imhotep
This tomb is for you and for every other faking-ass pharaoh hating on my set
On my mark
Call these marks
Making narcoleptic art
Sleeping on this sleeping giant
Hiding out in DeFremery Park
Swear I'm not going to defend my name
A dependable pen game
Pending the start of the
Storm that is coming
When it storm and you running for the hills
Really, bitch?
Better build that ark

[Chorus: Daveed Diggs]