[JUDICIAL, ABIE]
Ladies and gentlemen, you coulda been anywhere in the world today, but you’re here with us in Blommel’s classroom. Are you ready for a winning project???

The issue on the table: The Legislative branch’s
Power compared with the Executive branch’s power. Who’s got the power? Executive branch, the floor, sir

[EXECUTIVE, CLAIRE]
Yo, stand with me, you know  i’m already the best
My expanding powers make me better than the rest
My orders makin changes, great changes, yeah you know ‘em
Don’t act surprised, you guys, cuz I wrote ‘em

But the Congress forgets
Their powers real lackin, I got em, yeah got 'em in cold sweats
Now, place your bets as to who that detriments
The very branch of government that ain't ever constant

[LEGISLATIVE, REGHAN]
Not true!

[EXECUTIVE, CLAIRE]
Ooh, if the shoe fits, wear it
You guys stallin out, it’s gettin hard to bear it
Uh! We can’t trust you, I’m afraid
Y’all fight way too much, I got it made in the shade yeah
All you do is run round and around
That’s why your approval rate is six feet in the ground
Y’all better remember who’s the man in command
I’ve got the army n’ navy in my hand, you understand?!
I got executive orders, nice and easy
All Congress ever does is act like big weenies
Look, I’m tired of tellin’ you what you know
First grab a tissue then sho me your weak flow

[JUDICIAL, ABIE]
Thank you. The Legislative branch, sir, your response

[LEGISLATIVE]
Trump, that was a real nice declaration
Welcome to the present, where we represent the nation?
You gonna join us? Or get bitter
Tweetin’ whatever your thinkin’ whenever you get on Twitter?
We got some arguments, pretty lethal
How do you not get it? When we’re aggressive and competitive
Democracy starts thriven, we’re steadfast representatives!
Yeah, go write an order, we’ll be waitin
When judicial checks that paper, you’ll be hatin
“I’m the man in command, I take charge!”
Yeah, sure you do
You already know who you gotta report to!
And another thing, Mr. “Commander and Chief”
The only power of war you got is shared with we
You think we’re scared of you, man?
We got the power of laws
Check it, Necessary and Proper clause
We’re in article one, and with two thirds you’re done
Son--we own, yeah own this nation we were built to run
We got the revenue, facts known by everyone
We got impeachment power you just can’t outgun
Watchin you sit there and nit pick
Hey, turn around, bend over, I’ll show you
Where my shoe fits