[Intro]
You know you done fucked up, right?
You know you done fucked up, right?
You know you done fucked up, right?
Talking to me like I’m any old, any old

[Verse 1]
Wrote a note to myself
Don’t trust no one else
After being with you
(You know you done fucked up, right?)
It was strike one (one)
When y’all had met up (met up)
After you told me it was through
And if you sit with my heart in your hold
You’ll knock me out of control
Which is strike two
And if my pride gets no rest
And the house is going next
I won’t stick around to see what you do

[Chorus]
(Damn) You know you done fucked up, right?
(Damn) You know you done fucked up, right?
(Damn) You know you done fucked up, right?
You know you done, know you done fucked up, fucked up, right?
(Damn) You know you done fucked up, right?
(Damn) You know you done fucked up, right?
(Damn) You know you done fucked up, right?
Talking to me like I’m any old, any old

[Verse 2]
When we met you were a mess
I helped with all the stress
I tried to be your extra glue, girl
But you brought around
Someone and three’s a crowd
So I’ll be walking out on you girl

[Bridge]
If you (don’t got something that I want)
That I don’t want (I could be your man, man)
I could be your man (I could be your man, man)
But if it’s all you got (if you got something that I want)
If it’s all you got (I could be your man, man)
I don’t wanna do this again (I could be your man, man)

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
(Damn) You know you done fucked up, right?
When I call, you don’t pick up one night
So I come home thinking you’re alone but I’m wrong
And it looked like someone was sipping on Bud Lite
In my crib where I hang my coat at
But you don’t want me to throw back
Claiming it was y’all just chatting, met up to exchange
He came to get his things and it just sorta happened
I don’t mind you go reminiscing
That’s to say I don’t ever never look back, even after collisions
So either you passing the question on me
Better make that decision
And I ain’t really want a jock round here
Honestly, I can’t remember how I got round here
But lemme let it be known, if I do not sound clear
Yeah, I’m’a have to be the only cock round here

[Chorus]