[Intro: Maxi Wild]
So, uhh, what kinds of stuff are you into?
That's a bit forward, isn't it?
Mmm, well, maybe you could come back to mine if you want
Well, you know, if you want to get really dirty

[Verse 1: Daveed Diggs]
Finger on the button, that Cold War threat
Finger on the button got that lover in a cold sweat
Finger on the button, finger in a butt
Unbutton blouse from bottom up, top off, pop that
Drop that like it's hot, pocket full of that wet wet
Get wet, are you wet, yet? Let that wet get
On him, rim licking likely, like lollipop
Like you naughty, bitch, don't act like you forgot
Wait, what's your name? What's your sign?
What's your number? What's your type?
Face, about, face it now, face her in the mirror
Watch that ass go, that ass go
What you let go of that ass fo', that ass fo'?
Hundred years into makin' nice, how he ain't gon' lick that ass?
Oh shit, he is, take that finger out and drop it to the damn floor
Damn, oh, damage to the dental dam
Dentata fine, he like a lot of bite when he grind

[Bridge: Maxi Wild]
Mmm, yeah, I think we should get out of here soon, uh huh
I'll bet you're good at that, aren't you? Look at that pretty mouth
Now, that's just a bit wrong, isn't it?

[Verse 2: Cakes da Killa]
A bitch like me only fuck with freaks
Wooden paddle on bare cheeks
Side-saddle when I ride the beat
Hot golden showers on white sheets
Deep throatin' with no teeth
Rock a studded collar with a leather leash
Spin cycle, rinse, then repeat
And the Cake's fast, so come get a piece
Thirst trap 'fore I split that
Snapchat to yourself, get a pic of the dick back
Warm it up, serve it up when I freak that
Fresh palate if you really tryin' to eat that
Glory hole, ha, Killa really peep that
Ribbed, feelin' like the scene from the snapback
Nibble on a nigga, bite back
Sugar cane and Honeycombs every time a nigga taste that
Bitch, I'm only here to state facts
Check his hands till they grab, grab, grab for the chitchat
Really wanna come and get that
We can meet up in the telly if you're ready for a rematch
I'm holstered up, sippin' iced tea
A little amnesia, where's your wifey?
And I got him open, strokin', pricey
Cause to get this hot spot I gotta stay icy (Oooh)
Sloppy head all in your backseat
Let me lick your sack while we're listening to Cassie
You know I'm tryin' to make it nasty
And the niggas that I fuck be the type that's tryna bash me
Papa thugs tryna smash me
Look, I'm'a make it hot, you a nut on my asscheeks
I'm just playing, y'all, I'm classy
Straight swerve on a nigga if he really tryna gas me

[Bridge: Maxi Wild]
You know, I do have really pretty feet and maybe I can just rub them all over you. Yeah, I couldn't tell that you were that type. Mhmm

[Verse 3: Daveed Diggs]
Too hard to hold, ride it
Too wet to touch, don't try it, slide in
Inch by a mile, take it with a smile
Bind to defiling, when you say it's child's play, it's
No kids allowed and know this, their shouts is no match for fists
And this snatch and grab, it's the steel, the seal is too much
You want it, don't touch, your loving on such and such
And so what is love? It's just frame of mind
And boxed in by sex, it's toxic
The scent is intoxicating and all the waiting and masturbating
The dick is chafing, where's the lotion?
Wear the thong you like, you in motion
Not too emotional, please, not to worry, you trying to please
No love, not now, hot fuck, hop down off your high horse
Cock cray, jockey, stopwatch, cock bang, jack, he, he suck
You come, these nuts, so numb, so dead
Mo' head, mo' head, mo' head, mo' head, mo' Moet
Every minute make a motherfucker work for it
Fuck it if another motherfucker's hurt for it
Stuck in a concussion but the headboard bang
Better slam that cane like Kane, and he prayin'
For the white sticky licky got him on a sticky wicket with it
Wishing it was ready wet it up and ride again
And in a minute of intimacy, go 'head and pull it out
And when you finish, tell the bitch to get up out of your house

[Interlude: Maxi Wild]
Yeah, don't worry. I don't expect you to call me next week, not after this

[Refrain/Outro: Maxi Wild]
Hot fuck! (No love)
Hot fuck! (No love)