[Verse 1: Daveed Diggs]
Okay, so apparently the time's come
This Morris Day gonna be remembered when the time's done
No timeouts, ten-yard-line, son
I guess I'd best commemorate it with a rhyme

They be like, "Diggs, where that album, why you stalling?"
I tell them, "Chill, to a giant, it's a small thing,"
But [?] this album is all things
So I take my time to make sure that it is scalding

[?] bubble, you can check the wash video
And every word is perfectly respectful of my city so
Maybe I am short on game, [?]
But my chatter Chitty Bang and shatter any critical

Mass of massed rappers limpin' in the game, pigeon-toed
And I'm a hypocrite, cause it's the same thing I'm inchin' toward
I know if my music ain't listened to, it's invisible
But shit, don't the song slap?
Trick, what is you bitchin' for?

[Chorus]
Who this is? Why he wear his pants so long?
Why he in the club with his T-shirt on?
Why he act a fool? Why he dancin' all alone?
What that boy do?
I write rap songs
I write raps, I- I write rap songs
I write raps, I- I write rap songs
I write raps, I- I write rap songs
I write- I write- I write- I write

[Verse 2]
Fore!
Comin' out swingin'
Always hot on first cause he know nobody's seein'
Now they say his club shit is uber-European
But he just stay on his grind, not denyin' or agreein'

He is I, and I ain't Snoop
Dogg, though I might be one to ego-trip too
And you spit that Desert Eagle, less will not do
And I follow the Queen's orders; we will rock you

That we is royal, meaning I represent
Open Cali to foil, meaning I learn defense
On the border of boilin', meanin' open the fence
Flowin' heat through the soil, upliftin' my residence

And it's dense to the chemistry, bite like dentistry
Breath like money, wait 'til they get a scent of me
I exhale fate in your face like it was meant to be
And haters keep on hatin' with they typical intensity

[Chorus]

[Verse 3: Rob Baron]
Excited for this music, we runnin' the dash on 'em
Sly-talkin', back-stabbin', now gimme the smash on 'em
Kanye, strobe lights, you see me? I flash on them
No jabberwocky, see 'im? He ride with no mask on 'im

Rob Baron, effective, they declared him
[?] reality he's leavin' them
A legend they will see in him whenever they look
My black short story, James Baldwin and Gwendolyn Brooks
Ay!

Lights, camera, I'm ready for action
When I'm choppin' down this wood, I'm feelin' my axe long
When writin' these rap songs, entice 'em to come along
When they're swimmin' over water like sprayin' some Axe on

The continent's built strong motivation to keep me goin'
If you're hatin' on a rap, you're really [?]
Metaphorically shinin', just close to the platinum
If you say I ain't affected, then really, your facts wro-o-ong
*cough* Damn

[Chorus]
Who this is? Why he wear his pants so long?
Why he in the club with his T-shirt on?
Why he act a fool? Why he dancin' all alone?
What that boy do?
I write rap songs
I write raps, I- I write rap songs
I write raps, I- I write rap songs
I write raps, I- I write rap songs
I write- I write- I write- I write