When searching for the best vaping kit, you need to consider several factors. For instance, you want one which is portable, since you may need to carry it while traveling. The SMOK Priv V8 Kit is lightweight and comes with a PRIV V8 mod. This mod is convenient since you can control it using the one button function. It’s designed with a two-color combination and powered by one removable 18650 battery, ensuring that you enjoy extended vaping moments. This review looks at the features of this kit in detail and delivers a conclusion.

Features and Advantages

TFV8 Baby Tank

The SMOK Priv V8 Kit consists of a TFV8 Baby Tank with a capacity of 3ml e-liquid. It's compatible with baby beast coils, which means that you will enjoy extended vaping moments without the need to refill. Bear in mind that one consideration to use when searching for the best vaping kit is its tank capacity, which determines how regular you'll be refilling the tank.


Power Output

This kit provides you with a power output that runs up to 60W if the tank resistance value o.15ohm, meaning that it’s a powerful device. Remember that as a beginner or experienced vaper, you want a mod that offers you the power output, which will enable you to get the best flavors.


V8 Baby – M2 Coils

For the best vaping experience, you can use the V8 Baby – M2 Coils, which are designed specifically for this kit.


LED Indicators (DUAL)

The dual LED indicators that come with this kit ensure that you get the best experience as you enjoy your electronic cigarette. Keep in mind that you want a stylish device, which the SMOK Priv V8 Kit delivers.


Delrin Drip Tip

This tip enables you to enjoy increased airflow and provides you with powerful draw effects, for example, as you inhale. The result is that you enjoy your vaping experience and stand out from the rest. Remember that you can adjust the airflow with ease by turning the drip tip's ring or the base atomizer one.


Safety Protections

As a starter or expert vaper, you want a device that comes with safety features, which ensures that you're safe. The SMOK Priv V8 Kit consists of several protection features, which means that you should consider buying it.

Pros

The SMOK kit is powered by a single 18650 replacement battery, which ensures that you get extended vaping moments.

This kit is small, which means that you can carry it while on the go.

The Delrin drip tip enables you to enjoy improved airflow, which in turn provides you with the best draw effects.

It comes with several protection features, which ensure that you have a safe vaping experience.

The TFV8 Baby Tank ensures that you get extended vaping moments without the need to refill.


Summary

The SMOK Priv V8 Kit comes with several features as the above review shows. Keep in mind that you want a portable kit, since you may want to use your mod while in the outdoors. The SMOK kit, which comes with a TFV8 Baby Tank, is one vaping device that will serve you well.  ss

Learn more and get varities of electronic cigarettes at Ave40 Aѕ one of the best online Vape store, Ave40 covers more than 1,000 Vape stores and takes 80% of the local vape market.