Cakey
Pockets young menace rebel without a weakness life a
Beach im the wave, been iller then yall before a fetis
Sub atomic creature, bitches n bitch niggas they leeches
Treat em even you tell em you need em I tell em need em-

To be leaving demonstrate the killer flow to non believers
Now they not breathing. ya ho scotched tape to my
Penis, rock bape n retro sneakers blow speakers
Natural born leader but id rather lead myself to the

Wealth and da green shit high off dese trees pickin
Georgia peaches fruits of my labour but I ain't eatin'
Em im d'n em likes its 4th quarter quarter back
Toss the quarter sack to my homie tell em roll sumin'

Pronto, we dream lavish n grind savage them
Young savages 40 point averages try n challenges us we
Fry challengers serve em wit the fried chicken dip em
In the death syrup wack rapper carrer kiler

Teacher said I could be governor but fuck they
Political ideologies. rather be a champagne guzzler
You a customer need repellant you buggin the
Hustlers how u broke in 2012 so many

Opportunities in front of us, I tell my niggas lets get it
You dont wanna be apart of the system you a
Wanna-be snitching, wind up wit ya arteries missin
Messin with the wrong crowd, firearm sounds

Tryna be something that you not, fronting like you hot
Til them niggas run up in ya spot, take what you got
Ain't no breaks can't stop cuz they eye'n
Im rolling up weed good shit yea the finest my

Nigga I met in middle school he supplied us
But he sell dat white shit now tryna stack his bread higher
Cherry popper, no cuffin my niggas swappin playin
San andreas bakers club cake shit many layers

-

The commission tryna
Pre-Pare for my greatness but they can't prepare me for myself
Im heavy u weightless, pants saggin, feelin myself
Brandish the logo on the belt, let the hoes know
Its a fly nigga dey talkin to, noone else on my

Level, if we talking my age fuck it. so pointless
We dont compare scooters to rolls royces, way they break they
Neck swear these hoes jointless never, jointless im blunted
U lying to yaself if you say dat you dont love dis

Bakers club bitch. can't say it enough
Diddy puff, the weed smoke in my lungs girls
Holdin my arms.. like im buff. on a beat like
This I can't lose and I made it so thats times 2

Sittin at the top of the table murder all of these rappers
Im ready n able its not a fable me n my niggas
Passin fat joints, look like hot potatoe from faraway
In my penny hardaways, pick up ya phone call it

Quits, bitch, its, razzy fresco
Daddy fresco who got snaps on the petro
... make these niggas shiver talk shit
But they whisper, slip in they misses like a splinter im

Splinter you niggas is turtles thats not ninja's
Hurdles thats not inches off the floor... love bendin' em
Hoes, buts u kno, dat I love my niggas more
And you know the code, homies over uhh

Homies over what? I dont even gotta say
Whats understood shouldn't have to be explained shoutout
To my nigga p. b-l-a-c... 2 k's (UH)
Bumpin 3k (UH) countin 4k (UH)

And shoutout my nigga dj holiday
Nigga stay workin but he call himself holiday
That dont make no sense, guess it make dollars
Bakers club. commission shit. nigga holla

-