AKIR ft. Karniege and [?] - “Beast Comin”
[Emcee(s): Karniege, [?], and AKIR]
[Producer(s): [?]]

[Verse 1: Karniege]
(Woo-woo!) Sounds like The Beast coming
Bulletproof crooks, hundreds corrupted
Pull over the car.  Rodney King concussion
Give ‘em drugs and guns.  In the hood, they love it
Sounds like the concept is constantly crushing
Brutal basslines, drums so seductive
Rhyme for the beats, on their last dime for bugging
Fighting and fussing, cussing and wondering
How to pay bills?  When the next meal coming?
How to stay chill when the next bill comes in?
Life got you stressed, you can’t even function
Youth ready to spaz out, want to break something
At that point, I’d rather make nothing
Turn into something, cash hundreds
Stack bundles of that money
Besides peace of mind, that’s what we wanting
No more drama.  Listen to the songstress
Mary Jane every day—our pain alarming
Every rain in the game thunderstorming
Flashfloods end the party

[Verse 2: [?]]
Heard a lot of people mad knowing [?]’s the chosen
The chemicals I spit’ll cause face erosion
And I ain’t gonna stop ‘til some bones is broken
Or fling projectiles like the U.S. Open
I’m smart, fam.  Everything I script is potent
Career good—I ain’t got to live in the moment
Sub-zero cold—yes, artic frozen
I linked up with Karniege, a prophetic omen
Our flows take oath, and you running with roaches
Stay in your lane, dog—ain’t a fan of encroachment
Even though I’m good, know a loser be hoping
A frame get injured and shirts be soaking
Haters on my diznick stop the quoting
Bust in somebody face raw without the Trojan
Yeah, I’ll be on some funny shit.  What is you smoking?
The three you hear here be the perfect components
My lyrical sword sharpening the opponents
But I ain’t know I hurt y’all.  I was just flowing
Spent your last days lost, knowing you zoning
And couldn’t make the call like your phone was roaming

[Verse 3: AKIR]
Yo, yo
Loco, my motives are focused on quotients that grow
To a bonus.  Buyer to owner, snakes lie, bite in the open
Thinking it’s fly, try it, like it, and clone it, never
Make it and, so, the hate makes ‘em want to oppose us
Posers vandalizing a poster of a brother that’s
A little bit closer to what’s supposed to be life
See his wife in a Porsche rose or cocoa-white.  Body showers
Tight—sold your right to succumb to the same plight
Streetlights blue and white, Sig knife strife
Humanite black model chick.  In her sticks, no more rights
Holding tight her chest, that has her over like
Harassed by the cops on a motorbike.  Plus, be coming
Over like the wrath of a poltergeist.  Focus sight
Out the hood but he still knows the fight.  Sick of being
So polite.  Slight oversight, balls of fist up
With all his might, fall and strike, screaming as he throws a right