AKIR - “Best Friend”
[Emcee(s): AKIR]
[Producer(s): [?]]

[Intro: AKIR]
Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah, yeah, uh.  Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh.  Yeah.  Uh, uh.  My best friend is music, man.  Can’t never go wrong with music, B.  Uh.  As long as you reflect your surroundings and what it means to you (Uh huh), people’ll love you.  See?

[Verse 1: AKIR]
Yo, survival is a gamble, so I’ll bet my life on
A scramble, refuse to take the role of a sambo watching
Niggas get trampled, cops playing they’re Rambo
Handle my position like a nigga out of prison, see
The world into shambles like a gun spitting in a crowd
Subtle, I’ll move humble, though my effect is loud
Trouble?  I’ll use muscle.  My teacher’s well-endowed
Switching style, math for the street, science to teach a child
And my alliance is among the most defying.  I ain’t
Lying, I ain’t eyeing.  My people headed to Zion in a
Benz tinted—can’t see through the percentage on a
Road to riches.  Won’t stop until we finish
Exhibit the skills and do it and spit it like boundless fluid
Drink it up—it’s therapeutic, it burns, but you’ll get used to it
I’ll hold my head so I don’t lose it.  And pain is
Far, pursuing, but, close to me, my best friend is always music

[Hook: AKIR] (x4)
Ayyo, my best friend is music, the sheets are the street
The pen is my game and the beat is my heat (This is real life music)

[Verse 2: AKIR]
Uh, scripts I’ll flip expose the shift that con-
-tradicts our chosen gifts.  Emcees, hold your shit
There’s little seeds that live and breathe, grow up and
Believe in what you preach on your latest CD.  If it ain’t
Real, then it ain’t right.  There’s no appeal and
You ain’t tight.  The smoothest takeover that you ever
Seen in your life.  It’s over, soldier.  You sold
Your soul to a cobra playing Poker with Jehovah
To get closer to an extra breath hit, was it worth the effort?
In current depth, which means you turn to step and fetch it.  Chained
To a platinum plaque, but your LP’s wack.  You can’t
Go forward, nigga, without giving back, and so
My best friend is music and these sheets are the street
The pen is my game and the beat is my heat
So this is real life music, pump like the heartbeat
Like my niggas’ footsteps on the concrete

[Hook: AKIR] (x4)
Ayyo, my best friend is music, the sheets are the street
The pen is my game and the beat is my heat (This is real life music)

[Outro: AKIR]
Yo, this is real life.  Nah’mean?  We gon’ take it back to the essence of what it means to really be an emcee and reflect the things around you.  There’s trials and tribulations out there that could be focused on.  And these everyday struggles that this common man that buys your cassette, CD, record has to listen to to help him through his journeys in life.  Figure out what your plan is, man, and focus, get back to where you come from.  One