AKIR ft. Diabolic - “Masterplan”
[Emcee(s): Diabolic and AKIR]
[Producer(s): Engineer]

[Verse 1: Diabolic]
Yo, Plan A begins with the end of famous trends
And by making hip hop feel like it's '98 again
I'm saying when I can still listen to Jay and Em
‘Cause those days came and went as fast as Kane and them
The south takes offense to what I say—ask the fans
The way they dumb it down, New York don't have a chance
Brainwash half the land with crack and gats in hands
That's The Man with (The Masterplan).  Yeah I know
Just eliminate any man trying to say some real shit
People ain't as dumb as you think—they may just feel it
They may just feel sick of whips, cheddar, and watches
They may hear us and rush Tower Records to cop it
They may just spend whatever bread’s left in their pockets
Seeing Diabolic rock shit and question the logic
I'm expressing my knowledge and blessing the topic
So you conscious of (The Masterplan).  Walk with me now
It goes beyond the music.  It's the scripture and the Devil
They gave black people AIDS and more liquor in the ghetto
Next thing you know, there's people getting sick at every level
While tycoons are getting rich off the chips that they embezzle
I'm a rebel with a cause.  Applause ain't necessary
It's all secondary to the soldiers in the cemetery
Fuck Bush, but it would have been the same electing Kerry
Truth getting buried (The Masterplan).  Wake the fuck up
Bin Laden was a scapegoat to send our boys to battle. Now they
Avoiding shrapnel for a bunch of oil barrels.  We
Nothing more than cattle for the slaughter.  Got a daughter
Can't afford to see her fall in this New World Order.  They want
My supporters drunk as fuck up on the corner
Just killed another author—William Cooper is a goner
All the bullshit they taught ya hits as hard as Joey Porter
But it's all (The Masterplan).  Don't let ‘em fool you
The lights are on, no one’s home.  Must be in their chromosomes
Every politician lies—I hear it in their vocal tones
Let's get every soldier known and set it like a broken bone
They won't see how serious we are 'til they get overthrown
It was written in the Declaration of our Independence
To instill new government but now it's been neglected
By the Acts of Patriots and we the ones who’ve been affected
By sick a collective with (The Masterplan).  We the people
Refuse to pledge allegiance to the demons preaching.  We’ve been seeing
Screaming on the evil heathens, waking up the people sleeping
I won't feel we’re even-Steven 'til all y'all just cease to breathe and
Seeing seems to be believing and they see what we releasing
I don't even need a reason—word to God, the Holy Ghost
It's information overdose.  If you don't see, you’re comatose
The revolution's 'bout to start with shotguns in my overcoat
To expose (The Masterplan).  AKIR, let ‘em know

[Verse 2: AKIR]
Yeah, my iris size of the enterprising and rise up
In the lie for the survivors in the land of 85ers
I'm the reflection of old-timers with the focused features
Of my father, so I wonder how the system steady robs us
And leaves a culture to be so impoverished, head-bobbing
To the timing of the snare popping from a style hard as stone
Reaganomics starved for artistic options and now
Adopted as a format to endorse their wack products
And conduct sharecropping while supporting things
To keep us locked in correctional facilities, but they ain't
Killing me.  I'm coming with the illest scheme, smooth brown
Brother like Billy Dee.  Nigga, is you feeling me?
I'm getting focused.  First, let's diagnose it
What the system holds close most is money movements
It's so explosive, you have to notice corporate owners hold money
Your business loan is fat, feed political campaigns.  I hide
Behind the more focused.  Take, for example, the ones
Who stamped dude, want Afro capitol and brag and boast the most
By marble mantles, lighting up expensive candles
Toast to each other as they compete for the largest growth
Corporate tax break so that they can keep the most
Finding comfort in their rich man crew.  Trust these are just
Selective few that the plan lets move through
Bust (The Masterplan).  What a tactic
It's hard for us to ever trace.  Fantastic
Penthouses with glass floors, expensive taste
Double the ceilings for you to chase.  It's hard to erase
How they respect money and power.  And since the cowards
Take what's ours, flip it into money showers
Let's combine talent and specialize with the prowess
I'ma rap, you make beats, and Jay'll hit the streets
South of Engineer, the sound crispy and loud
I'ma run around town, ripping stages until promoters
Pay us and DJs'll start to play us
Recoup and then invest, make money for the people
That don't want to be slaves.  Let ‘em rest, build a name
Legitimize the money we made in different ways
Play the game, pay taxes, spend money with the comrades
In action, write off expenses, make it a practice
‘Cause this is (The Masterplan).  Yeah