AKIR - “State of the Enemy”
[Emcee(s): AKIR]
[Producer(s): [?]]

[Intro: AKIR]
Yeah, man.  I was chilling in Africa, man, eating yams on land with my shorty.  Nah’mean?  They uprooted me from my home, B

[Verse 1: AKIR]
They must be problematic.  Automatic response to the tragic
Pictures in false scriptures portraying us wreaking havoc
Most of the niggas I know have got a problem with po’
Staying high, escaping feeling so low, so there it go
Out on the streets, you could feel the tension, profiling
Filling quotas to increase their pension.  Niggas wiling
But really rebuilding defenses.  In our ascension
Trying to rise up out these fucking trenches.  In a period
A long sentence of every day is outlawed, so I’m
Appalled at the fact I can’t drive while black.  I don’t
Whip a Benz, Beemer, a Lex, or an Ac’.  The more
You beat the concrete is the more The Beast will find a crack
Steadily staying indifferent while the pillars of the
U.S. stand on this contradiction.  What about this Prohibition?
If we was Kennedys, would pennies be the remedy?
Should I let it ride or genocide?  State of the enemy

[Interlude 1: AKIR]
I know you’re hungry, man.  Don’t worry about it, though.  Me and moms going to church tonight.  We gon’ get some food, you know?  We got the check coming for the end of the month.  So go to school, man.  Here’s a dollar, man.  Get a sandwich or something.  You nah’mean?  I’m sorry, man, but just keep us...

[Verse 2: AKIR]
Yo, his little man just got out of school.  Him and his cousin, Wayne
His name.  Mayne just came with his uncle tool
Ready to do anything.  Feeling the ridicule
Ain’t got the flyest guild in the world, but the girls
Wouldn’t waver from a nigga with the thug behavior
Skinny nigga couldn’t wait to get his weight up.  It’s in his nature
Chief emancipator of the crew
Robbing niggas just to get a brew with his uncle’s twenty-two
So now they’re eating healthier suppers.  In his closet
Assortment of Chuckers.  Didn’t even get his dick wet
Set up by undercovers, same pigs that trapped his brother
Trying to protect his baby mother against her ex-lover
It’s a vicious cycle.  Acting like they don’t know
Interfering in Kosovo won’t help us at home
Plans to pack it up and roll like Marcus Garvey.  The enemy
Could never harm me or scar me.  The army still trying to starve me
So, instead, they’re trying to ruin our future
Sports entertainment and music.  There’s no attainment.  Just movements, but
We’re God’s people, so forever we shall be blessed
Teach your kids the violin ‘cause it’s time to invest
We are the best