AKIR - “This Is Your Life”
[Emcee(s): AKIR]
[Producer(s): [?]]

[Intro: AKIR]
Yo, I don’t know who the fuck you think you’re dealing with, man.  Nah, stop the crying.  I can’t take this no more, man.  All I do is bring food home to these kids.  I got a roof over your head and you watch fucking soap operas all day and lay on your ass.  And you’re gonna tell me about me?  Yo, fuck this shit.  Man, I’m out of here.  B, I’m out.  Hey!

[Verse 1: AKIR]
Yo, they say that we’re endangered species.  AKIR’s thesis is
To survive ten times ten.  Not in a ten by ten
Ten times out of ten, they got a plan for my
Hard rocks that have not had babies that start again
He stole her love.  How could she ever give her heart again?
She opened up.  He closed the door, never had sparks again
Went through some men to validate she’s a queen
Never found a king.  The pain made her turn to a fiend
Feeling low, getting high the only way she sees dreams
Stays at home, watching soaps, thinks she part of the screen
To get away from a day and the kid’s hunger screams, she buys
Something fly, though it seems out of her mean
Yo, behind, she still gets ahead.  This dude was real red
Something on his head.  Plus, she liked the way he worked it
In bed.  Thirsting to wed, settle down is what [?] did
And so she did it too, simply to fight the ridicule
He made her life miserable.  Except the kids, of course
So they got a divorce up in court.  Child support
Hearings bad as Hell and the only pair of earrings
Chanel perfume while her suit was crisp, splitting
She screams, “From the beginning, situations was trife”
The judge says, “I don’t care, bitch.  This is your life”

[Hook: AKIR]
Even though there’s trouble, we’ll still be on the hustle
Stuck behind the struggle, we’re still ready to rumble
Although we built it up, it’s still ready to crumble
Foundation ain’t tight, man, this is your life
Forever in the game, it’s hard not to fumble
Trying to maintain or strive but still stumble
Rocking big chains, it’s hard to stay humble
Forever in a fight, child, this is your life

[Verse 2: AKIR]
First step behind the eight ball.  Can’t even crawl
Ain’t no time to watch your back.  Thoughts of that caught
Some cats, so cautious acts come out as fear
Big dogs in your ear with their 40s of beer become
Accessories to your New Year.  Freshman year
Situation cloudy as a child but now clear
Problems seem distance but they’re still near
House needs money for diapers.  Uncle’s a lifer
Pops left fast.  No gas left in your lighter
Moms getting high, listening to Earth, Wind & Fire
Old-timers tell you how they always dreamed to retire before
Their life expires.  Doing wild shit made you a livewire
Looking for fame, pops dropped the ball, sub in
The game.  Your terrain, so you’re doing your thing
Big chains and lots of women lock chains and switching linen
It’s only the beginning.  Losing your mind to keep winning
And while you focus on immediate living, they’re having
Children and classmates focus on glass ceilings.  Only to
Clear up their debt without facing arrest.  The streets
Got you pet niggas, so you’re wearing a vest
Stress internally hexed by society’s death threats
Born in the struggle, always grew up in trouble, where niggas
Snuff you just to prove their muscle.  Live for their money
To double in bundles, ready to die for their hustle

[Hook: AKIR]
Even though there’s trouble, we’ll still be on the hustle
Stuck behind the struggle, we’re still ready to rumble
Although we built it up, it’s still ready to crumble
Foundation ain’t tight, man, this is your life
Forever in the game, it’s hard not to fumble
Trying to maintain or strive but still stumble
Rocking big chains, it’s hard to stay humble
Forever in a fight, child, this is your life