AKIR ft. Payshir - “WW3”
[Emcee(s): AKIR and Payshir (AKA Paydaye)]
[Producer(s): [?]]

[Intro: AKIR]
Yeah.  We’re fighting wars overseas and we’re still losing soldiers at home.  Check

[Verse 1: AKIR]
Some nigga beat it up.  Shorty just like to freak and fuck
And now she trying to give her fetus up for free.  Her weekend sucks
It would be easier.  So used to dudes leaving her
Chains of mind are keeping him, didn’t stress academia
It only made him cold with sickle cell anemia
Running through the streets like he was held by a demon’s clutch
And now she’s pleading so her son don’t have to see the judge
He turn and freeze like three G’s, hoping he’s free to budge
But as he thinks it’s easing up, beefing and leaves the club
See the bugs increase the piece and release the snub
Cease to love, The Beast’ll come quick to eat the young
That’s right.  When a new seed is sprung, he never seen his son
That’s when the season’s done.  The streets is never easing up
See the stuff, believing up in TV and CDs and such
Another evil stuck to profit off a recent bluff
Proceeds to go and seize the bucks, weeded while he reads his stuff
Feeding off, a scene is rough.  Goons’ll beat him up
Sadly, dreams are tough.  Respect is mostly seen with guns
And so he let his cannon spit.  He couldn’t handle it
The loser trips—hit is damaging.  Here come the ambulance

[Hook: AKIR] (x2)
This is World War 3.  I got to
Get mine before they get me, go out in a blaze
And make history.  This is World War 3
Political games that make life risky.  Stick to my guns
And move swiftly

[Verse 2: Payshir (AKA Paydaye)]
Saudi Arabian sand corruption.  Turmoil reach
The Holy Land, controlled by democratical plans
To overthrow government, breaking Allah’s covenant
Missiles strike on Afghanistan, kill an innocent man
Mindstate is Shayṭān, spiritual ground breaking.  Make no
Mistake.  Your rhyme connecting my line like cable man
Descendant of Abraham, Allah Don Arabian
Lick shots and rap more faster than taps from Savion
Misconceptions form cancerous with these new gods
I’ll use line to bruise—find another fake crew died
Is true lies a form of honest deception?  I’ll magnify
Life, bring dozen lyrics from Allah’s projections.  Here’s why
I said it: brutal lyrics leave crowds with paramedics
I’m forced to set it.  Niggas is false like prosthetics
I’ll rock with it.  Deer Park flow black like HBO
After dark, puffing the junk, reading schematics
To know the target, so I can rise above the demons
In the valley of the shadow of death, I'll stay gleaming
There’s a war going on outside.  We’ll drop bombs
Check us out on HIPHOPWARREPORT.COM

[Hook: AKIR] (x2)
This is World War 3.  I got to
Get mine before they get me, go out in a blaze
And make history.  This is World War 3
Political games that make life risky.  Stick to my guns
And move swiftly