[Verse 1]
Here's a little story 'bout a Friday night
Buckwild, cause yo, that's kind of my style, check it
On the town with a girl named Kay
Being a bow-wow-wow yippie-yo yippie any way
I was straight out illin
Why do I say so?  Cause yo, my girl was home chillin
Fancy resteraunt me and Kay frontin
It was called Le....um, Chéz...um, somethin
I was ready to attack her, unh
Giving the sexy look like Dracula
A little bit of soft music playin
And Dom Perignon, it was on, know what I'm sayin?
Every thing was lovely, but then
What the damn, my girlfriend walked in!
Oh my goodness, danger, trouble, dread
Oh I'm dead, mayday, code red!

[Verse 2]
My, oh my, what am I to do?
Gotta get away, cause my girlfriend's coming through
Um Kay, I gotta... um, well, see...
There's... well, this, um... excuse me
To the back with the mucho-quickness
My girl's gonna kill me and leave no witnesses
I'm in the bathroom hiding like a punk
But there's bars on the windows, I can't jump
Exit stage left, quickly plan B
Gotta find a way that my girl won't see me
Crawling on the floor, I'm feeling sick
Like this some old Charlie Chaplin flick
Heart poundin around a mile-a-minute
This time I really done did it
Down on my hands and knees on the floor
I'm looking at the front door
Ready, set, make the dash
Her back is turned, maybe I can get past
I almost made it, but then, damn, she turned her head!
Code red!

Alright... got a little problem here... need assistance
Mayday...

Break it on down!

(Get down!...)

[Verse 3]
All was perfect, the ship was sailin
But now it's sinking, so yo, I'm bailin
I kept on runnin, even though she saw me
And I sat and waited at home for baby to call me
I watched a little TV
Phone started ringing 'bout 12:23
I picked it up real slow, and said:
"Mmmmm..hello?"
She wasn't having it, she snapped, went bezerk
Girl made my head hurt
I tried to be as cool as I could be
I said "Hey, wasn't me"
But she wasn't having that melody
Needless to say, she left me
Another brother just couldn't control his head, (the other one)
Code red