[Intro]
Uhh... hoo!
Uh, yo, Big Will, in the place to be
Mic check and uh, mic check and uh
Uh, uh, yo
Would you love me in the shack in a shanty town?
Would you love me if my pants was hand-me-downs?
Hah, huh?
Yo, yo

[Verse 1]
Often times I hear a phrase when I'm out and about
8 to 80 all walks of life be shouting it out
Usually when it's time for an encore I hear it
But when I did something hot it broke in the spirit
It's weird, it's like a double-edged sword when y'all applaud
It's kinda wild, a peace sign, a smile
How do I respond to the phrase "I love you Will!"
Kinda heavy when I hear it - be like "Damn f'real?"
In a way it make me wanna stay strong and moral
But history, say I could be gone tomorrow
And though my future look floral, it feel like I'm open
For much pain, when people stop shouting my name
And doubting my game, liking  others better than me
Writing, letters to him instead of letters to me
A veteran B, I know the game, but do me this here
In your heart be clear before you bless my ear, c'mon

[Hook]
Could you love me in the shack in a shanty town?
Could you love me if my pants was hand-me-down?
Could you love me if my wrists ain't bling?
If I wasn't on TV, and I ain't sing, huh?
Could you love me if my whip wasn't chrome fitted?
Will my name be easier to forget it, huh?
Could you love me if my wrists ain't bling?
If I wasn't on TV, and I ain't sing, huh?

[Verse 2]
I pray before I sit with a pen and a pad
A birth of a thought occurs, and it calls me dad
And to the universe an idea, released from me
Just a CD? Nah man, a piece of me
But you can't see it that when you be dancing B
As I asked you a question that's how you answer me
So when you don't dance it be like I'm choking from cancer
Like I wrote rancid rhymes, I can't survive, sure
I rationalize, like oh I see
But if you don't like my cut it's like you don't like me
Some stuff works, some works, not so well
It's like you work like hell, still get hurt like hell
Yo, it can tear you apart
But don't let your wins go to your head, your losses go to your heart
And if we ever get the pleasure to meet
Be clever wit and please measure what you yell in the street, c'mon

[Hook]