Aerial shot of Gotham, and then Deadshot in his apartment, helping his daughter with her math lesson while supervised by Flag.
DEADSHOT: You're trying to figure out this length. That's the hypotenuse. So you have to know this angle.
ZOE:  Okay. So, if you're up here ...like an a building ...And you shoot a man down here on the street ...That's how far the bullet actually goes?
DEADSHOT: Yeah. That's ... that's right! You are so smart, Right. The hypotenuse, good one. So that would make you have to know the angle ...Between the building and the sidewalk. You got to know that angle. No, I mean, in real life ...You have variables. you know. you got rifling twist. You got chamber pressure. You got bullet weight. Some shots you'll even have to take the curvature of the earth in with the ...
Belle Reve’s guards have arrived, handcuffs and such.Flag cleans his throat.
FLAG: It's time...
DEADSHOT: Wind effect. You know, there's a lot variables ... In the street. I gotta go.
ZOE:  Are you coming back?
DEADSHOT: Yeah. I'm working it out. All right? You know, I promised my friends that I would just, you know, go ...Without killing them all. Bring it in.
They hug.
ZOE:  I love you. Daddy.
DEADSHOT: I love you.  I love you.

Aerial shot of Belle Reve. In her cell, Harley drinks coffee while reading a harlequin novel. In the underground cell, Croc enjoys a burger while watching Tech N9ne on TV. Then we see the guard eating Chinese food and ignoring Boomerang’s pleas from the solitary.
BOOMERANG:Hey! Let me out! Let me out of here right now! Hey! you feel that? yeah. Let me out of here. darling, please. please, I'm begging you. Seriously. Listen to me. Have you got a car? Because I'm a brilliant driver. Come on!
The female guard  outside just closes the door’s opening.
In Deadshot’s cell, all of his daughter’s letters, now opened, lay in a corner as he continues hitting the punching bag. He eventually embraces it.
Harley activates the espresso machine… and soon after, the Joker, now revealed to be alive and unscathed, arrives at Belle Reve with his men and blows his way into Harley’s cell to release her.
HARLEY:Puddin!  [hugs the Joker]
JOKER:Let's go home.

ENDING CREDITS…


until after the title, we cut to a scene  where Waller then meets with Bruce Wayne in a restaurant.
BRUCE WAYNE: Listen, I can keep a secret, OK? What do you want?
WALLER:People have asked questions about Midway City. The kind of people can get the answers, And if they can get those answers, my head will be on a pike.
BRUCE WAYNE: Consider yourself under my protection. If you deliver.
Waller hands the government's files with data on meta-humans. After the page on  “Moone, June”, Bruce sees the next two, “Allen, Barry” and “Curry, Arthur”, before putting the file in his case.
WALLER:Why, Mr. Wayne?
BRUCE WAYNE: Just like to make friends.
He gets up.
WALLER:It's the difference between us. You believe in friendship. I believe in the leverage.
Bruce Wayne: Goodnight.
WALLER:You look tired. You should stop working at nights.
BRUCE WAYNE: You should shut it down, or my friends and I will do it for ya.
He walks away. The ENDING CREDITS continue.