At the Pentagon, Dexter Tolliver is leading a National Security Adviser's meeting.
TOLLIVER:What if Superman had decided to fly down, rip off the roof of the White House and grab the president of the US right out of the Overall office? Who would've stopped him? We got contingency plans for nukes in North Korea, anthrax in our mail. We got fluoride in our water. But what happens if the next Superman becomes a terrorist? Amanda Waller has a plan. Amanda?
WALLER:I want to build a team of some very bad people who I think can do some good. Like fight a next war, defeat the next Superman.
GENERAL:  Not on my watch. You're not putting those monsters back out on the street in our name.
WALLER:General, we run them covertly non- attributed. Strictly need to know. And if they get caught, we throw them under the bus. The next war will be fought with these meta humans. Ours or theirs. We're not the only ones kicking up rocks looking for them.
GENERAL:  You know we can't control these people.
Waller gets a suitcase and starts to open it. Under one of the screens in the room, Flag and June are seated.
FLAG: June, be strong.
WALLER:Dr.Moone.
June gets up, walks next to Waller – the screen in the background shows the head shots of the five criminals listed earlier, plus a sixth one – and takes off her glasses as everyone watches. She then closes her eyes…
JUNE:Enchantress.
…and Dr. Moone turns into Enchantress. One of the advisors even does the sign of the cross.
WALLER:Meet the Enchantress. Everything we know about her, is in your briefing packs. She's walked this earth for a very long time and will likely be here when we're long gone.
GENERAL 2:  This meeting is ... is now a magic show?
WALLER:Magic or not, this girl can do some pretty incredible things. Go get it, girl.
Enchantress looks at her heart in Waller’s briefcase and then teleports away, making everything on the table shake, before returning with a large file.
WALLER: How about a little something from the weapons ministry vault in Tehran?
The general looks, the file has the Iranian seal and text in Farsi, and he opens to see schematics.
GENERAL: We've been chasing these plans for years.
Enchantress then touches his face…
GENERAL:  Please don't touch me. Please don't touch me.
WALLER:Thank you. We'd like Dr.Moone back.
Enchantress gives a mean look, but then Waller pierces the heart. A hole appears in Enchantress’ chest, making her scream. Flag gets up worried…
ENCHANTRESS:Enchantress.
…and after the light flashes, June is back, startled.
JUNE: Please, Please. I'm sorry. I can' ...I can't do that again. I can' ...
WALLER:Flag, get her out of here.
Flag escorts June out of the room.
TOLLIVER:I move to ...authorize Amanda Waller to establish "Task Force X" under the Argus program.
GENERAL:  All right.
WALLER:Thank you Mr. Chairman.

An airplane arrives at Belle Reve. The rain is pouring as Waller and Flag, the former carrying an umbrella, are received by Griggs.
GRIGGS:Welcome to Belle Reve, special security barracks. How you doing man?
FLAG: Why don't you kiss her ass? She is in charge.
GRIGGS:Welcome, ma'am. How are you? I'm here to assist you in anyway.
WALLER:Where are they?

Inside the prison, Waller checks on Harley’s cell…
HARLEY:Are you the Devil?
WALLER:Maybe.

…Killer Croc, who is doing push-ups before realizing he has a visitor, and then goes to the bars…
KILLER CROC:Ain't you scared?
FLAG: Why'd they put you down here?
KILLER CROC:I asked.

…and the metal water tank-like cell where El Diablo is held.
GRIGGS:You. Ese. Hola, amigo. Put that burrito down. You got visitors, man.
A tablet playing Diablo torching the yard is played in front of the cell window.
EL DIABLO (on the video):What's up? Hey, you want some of this? Then come down here.
The Diablo in the cell nods negatively.
EL DIABLO: That ain't me.
WALLER:That wasn't you?
DIABLO:Nah, they say it's me, but that ain't me. That guy's gone. He's dead.
WALLER:And yet, here you are.
FLAG: Ma'am. Let me try to talk to him. You wanna die in here buddy? You got a real shot at walking at the block again. Have a nice cold beer, a nice meal. A Women.
DIABLO:Look, man ... You ain't the first to ask, and you ain't gonna be the last.
FLAG: Ask what?
DIABLO:I'm a man. Okay? I ain't no weapon. I'mmna die in peace before I raise my fists again. I've caused enough harm.
Diablo lights his hands on fire, and waves, creating the flaming letters “BYE” in the air, that die off quickly.

A firing range, complete with a table full of firearms.
FLAG (OS): All right, unlock him.
We see Griggs and a bunch of guards are bringing a handcuffed Deadshot next to said table. Flag and Waller are watching.
GRIGGS:What?
FLAG: You heard me.
GRIGGS:You know what this man can do?
FLAG: I'm here to find out. Lose the restraints.
Griggs nods in disbelief, and another guard opens the cuffs.
DEADSHOT: OK. What is this? Cheerleading tryouts?
FLAG: Let's go. Let's see what you can do. They say you never missed a shot. Prove it.
Deadshot grabs a revolver, shows it, and a magazine, loads it, and arms the weapon.
FLAG: Now you got one in the chamber. What you gonna do with it?
He points the gun at Griggs’s head. The other guards point their rifles at Deadshot.
GRIGGS:Hhhh ... Shit.
Ames: Give me the word, boss. I'll drop him.
FLAG: Everybody calm down. Griggs, tell your men to stand down.
DEADSHOT: Tell them : "Put it down".
GRIGGS:Stand down. Colonel, for the record, this is exactly what I was concerned about.
DEADSHOT: What's for dinner?
GRIGGS:Ames, if this man shoots me, I want you to kill him. And I want you to go and clear my browser history.
DEADSHOT: See ...the firing pin is filed down, right? Mag full of dummy rounds. If I pull the trigger, nothing happens.
WALLER:You're absolutely right. Why would we give a loaded weapon to an infamous hitman? Go ahead, pull the trigger. Empty it.
GRIGGS:Don't empty nothing. You don't even know this lady. I've known you, like, nine months. Remember when I brought you that cookie? That was real cookie.
Deadshot fires in the air… and the loud sound proves the gun is loaded. Griggs and Deadshot are startled.
DEADSHOT: What? Y'all Jokers must be crazy.
He then demonstrates his skills, using every weapon in front of him to shoot the targets, hitting the same bullet hole on every target.
DEADSHOT:All right. Now you know what you're buyin'. Let me tell you the price. first ... I want outta here. Second, I want full custody of my daughter. All right? And her mom can have, like ...supervised visits. But, her boyfriend can't come. Darnell can't come.
RICK FLAG: Darnell's out.
DEADSHOT: He's out. Third, y'all gonna pay for my daughter's whole education. Best schools. And then I want her to go to college. Like Harvard. Or Yale.
FLAG: So Ivy league.
DEADSHOT: Ivy league, yeah. One of them big joints, you know? And if she can't cut it ... and her grades start slipping, I need you to white- people that thing. You know how y'all do.
FLAG: Oh yeah.
DEADSHOT: You know, right? Ok. Now that's my price. But I'm concerned ...'cause I don't see nobody writing shit down.
FLAG: [laughing] You're in no position to make any demands.
DEADSHOT: Oh. I'm sorry. You thought I was talking to you. No, errand boy. I'm talking to your boss. [points at Waller, as his cuffs are put back] That's my price, sweetie. You know what it is.

In Belle Reve’s office, Waller checks on the criminal files while Flag talks to her.
FLAG: You notice these are criminals? They're psychotic antisocial freaks. It makes no sense. Let me hit the Tier One units and I'll build you a team of pipe hitters who'll do anything you can dream up. I mean, you need real soldiers. Not these scumbags.
WALLER:In World War 2, the US Navy made a deal with the mafia to protect its ships on the waterfront.
FLAG: This ain't World War 2.
WALLER: It's World War 3.
FLAG: What are you really up to?
WALLER:It's a "need- to- know", and, all you need to know is you work for me.
FLAG: That can change with a phone call. I have friends, too. You know.
Waller takes her phone from her pocket and puts it in front of Flag.
WALLER:There you go. Call. But without you minding her, your lady friend stays here strapped to a board in a drug-induced coma.
FLAG: They warned me about you. I didn't believe the stories.
WALLER:Nobody does.

At his house, a depressed Joker is sat in his living room full of weapons as someone enters. He points his gun, but is just his right hand man, Jonny Frost.
JOKER:Where is she?
JONNY FROST:  It's complex. This is not just her. Everybody's disappeared. There's this new law, where if you're a bad enough, bad guy they stamp "Terrorist" on your jacket. They send you to this swamp in Louisiana. A black site. That's where she is. So what are we doin'?
JOKER:Bring the car around. We're going for a drive.
He lies on the ground, laughing hysterically.

At a Casino, Griggs is gambling.
GRIGGS:Lester! Lester! Hit me one more time! Come on, Man You gotta call upstairs and tell them to float me another 10k.
MAFIA GUY: Boss wants to see you.
GRIGGS:You know who I am?
The mobster tases Griggs unconscious. He awakens in the storage room, to the sound of someone cutting meat with a cleaver.
GRIGGS: Good job, Man. He's killin' it. Come on Man. Why am I here? All right! Yeah! I'm down. I get it! All right? I've had run of bad decks. Not my fault. All right?
CASINO BOSS: Dude, this is real. I had to stop these guys from burning down your house with your kids in it. But, you're lucky.
GRIGGS:Maybe. Why do you think so?
Frost enters, and gives a package full of money to the boss.
JONNY FROST:  Yo, Slick, what's up?
GRIGGS:Griggs. You are ...?
JONNY FROST:  You might wanna keep your mouth shut.
GRIGGS:Can I go, man? What the hell's going on, man? This is crazy.
Griggs feels a hand on his shoulder…
JOKER: Blahblahblahblahblahblah… All of that chitchat's gonna get you hurt.
Joker slaps both of Griggs’ shoulders before grabbing one of his forearms.
GRIGGS:My God!!!
Joker purrs like a cat before walking to the front of Griggs. He extends his hand, Griggs kisses the Joker’s ring. A happy Joker puts his hand around Griggs’ neck as he sits on his lap.
JOKER:I could tell you meant that.
GRIGGS:Yeah.
JOKER:[laughing] You're gonna be my friend.