[Intro - Teddy Riley]
Yeah, kick it!

[Hook - Teddy Riley]
I'm looking for the one to be with me now
Are you looking for the one to be
With you, now
I am looking for the one to be with me, now
Are you looking
For the...do you feel the same way too?

[Fresh Prince]
Come on, clap your hands, wind it up if you're feeling alright
Clap your hands, wind it up, if you're feeling the vibe
Nod your head from side to side, as you ride the vibe
Cause it's a party all night
You can't fight the feelin' you feelin'
Cause you're feelin' fine with nothing really on your mind
It doesn't matter if you're with your crew
Because (they can feel the same way too)
I came to get down (you came to get down?)
You came to get down? (we came to get down)
I like that sound
Cause it's a party over here, party over there
Party right here (hey)
Few over there (hooo)
Keep it going, keep it going, keep it going now
Keep it flowing, keep it flowing, keep it flowing now
Keep it going, cause this is for you
So (you can feel the same way too)

[Hook]
I'm looking for the one to be with me now
Are you looking for the one to be
With you, now
I am looking for the one to be with me, now
Are you looking
For the...do you feel the same way too?

[Fresh Prince]
You know the buck don't stop here
But the buck started here
That's why I gotta put my heart in here
To give you that old funky-funky-funky-funky-chunky funk
That I know you want
So get your boom box so we can boom blocks
Or shake it up something pride for life
Cause we rocking, right?
It ain't a question 'bout bein' true
Because (you can feel the same way too)
A little something for the radio (hooo)
A little something for the video (hooo)
A little something for the jeeps (ride-ride)
A little something for the streets (hey, hey)
A little something for the homies on the block
A little something for the honeys in the flocks
A little something from me to you
So (you can feel the same way too)

[Hook]

[Fresh Prince]
Nine Trey, everybody wanna be a gangsta
Buck-buck-buck-buck, but no more, thanks to me
You got something you can flip on the other tip
As you get lost in the smooth rhymes I rip
Years and years my peers misunderstood
That I made cuts from my guts to make you feel good
And if you get it, this is for you
So (you can feel the same way too)
Put your hands in the air, come on now
Put your hands in the air, come on, yeah
Feel the vibe that the Jazz and the Prince ride
The upper-ground sound that pound and knock you outta your hide
Feelin' alright? You feelin' alright? (yeah)
You feelin' alright? You feelin' alright? (yeah)
Well next time bring a friend with you
So (they can feel the same way too)

[Hook]