Spill the beans on the table I always say...
Huuuuuuuh...
Yeah buddy

Extra! Extra! Read All About It! Fresh Prince is back
You wonder how'd it happen; I wasn't rappin' for a long time
But now I'm back with a strong rhyme
Look here, the camera, snap my picture
I'll sign my name on it, then I get wit' ya
Like LL said; "don't call it a comeback"
And face the fact, Jack - I'm all that
(I know ya gonna dig this)

Here I am in the flesh (Who is) I'm the funky, funky, funky fresh
Rhyme authority, rhythm connoisseur
Hip-hop liaison, rap Ambassador
Duke of daring, the king of the cut
Prince of poetry and all that stuff
Sexy, sexy, making the honeies yell
Girlies passing out? Ah, well
Back from the dead, like Jason
People thought I was over, they were erasin'
Me and Jeff's names out of the hit list
But ah, ah, ah, not so quick
Coming back at ya, can't no bad catcher
Catch this fast ball I'm throwing at y'all
Wake up and smell the coffee, I'm back now
Thanks for keeping my throne warm for me, pal
The man with the cape, the crown and the scepter
Out for a while, but wisely kept a
Pen and pad by, so when I had my
Opportunity to rap, man I
Set my goals and then I shot for
What I do best: funny, to hell with hardcore
Voice on radio, face on TV
Spanking new funky rhymes on a CD
Out to attack the wack, full contact
It's gonna be a long night go get a knapsack
I got a gat to make ya face the fact
That I'm the best rapper on wax - I'm all that

(All that, you know what I'm saying)
(Get wicked)

Get up, get down, get funky, get loose
I'm the best show and I got proof
In the past there were those that could doubt it
But now I'm back and there's no doubt about it
The writing is on the wall (Come on)
Gimme ya mic and a stage and I'm a live it-ive it up y'all
Cause I can flow
Is there another rapper in the world like me? Hell no!
No one's like me, others try to bite me
There thebere thebere there might be
Someone like me somewhere
They're just not here; where the hell they at? Who cares?
Cause y'all got the ace in the hole
The super lover brother, numero uno, the rapper with soul
Coming out a little on the new tip
For those of y'all that thought I couldn't do this
Yo, well consider it done
It's the same got the parents
Just don't understand the same one
People said that I couldn't rap
Ha ha ha, you can stop that
Cause I'm a rapper and a half
And in the past I chose to make people laugh
And I was criticized for that
Some called me soft, some called me wack
I gotta admit it y'all I felt bad (Who'd ya call)
So as usual I called my Dad
He's sort of a fifty-one year old Casanova
He said son, "Yo, come on over."
He sat me down and he told me this
Son when your all that, you're gonna get dissed
He put his arms around me and he said "Son
I was all that when I was young"
So from that point on I set my sights on
Making a record that people thought was the hype joint
Philly, born and raised, I've been gone for days
I can't wait to get back With my new track
Rhyme like lava, voice like a volcano
My rhyme through your radio works like Drano
A Porsche not eleven and I don't stall Jack (Yo, we all that)