[Intro: Coko (Will Smith)]
(Whoo...)
Here come the Men in Black
(It's the MiBs, uhh, here come the MiBs)
Here come the Men in Black
They won't let you remember
Nah nah nah

[Verse 1: Will Smith]
The good guys dress in black remember that
Just in case we ever face to face and make contact
The title held by me: MiB
Means what you think you saw, you did not see
So don't blink be what was there is now gone
Black suit with the black RayBans on
Walk in shadow, move in silence
Guard against extra-terrestrial violence
But yo we ain't on no government list
We straight don't exist, no names and no fingerprints
Saw somethin' strange, watch your back
'Cause you never quite know where the MiBs is at
Uh and...

[Chorus: Coko]
Here come the Men in Black (Men in Black...)
Galaxy defenders (oooh, oooh, oooh)
Here come the Men in Black (Men in Black...)
They won't let you remember (won't let you remember...)

[Verse 2: Will Smith]
Uh uh, uh uh, now
From the deepest of the darkest of night
On the horizon bright light enters sight, tight
Cameras zoom on the impendin' doom
But then like *BOOM* black suits fill the room up
With the quickness talk with the witnesses
Hypnotizer, neutralizer
Vivid memories turn to fantasies
Ain't no MiBs, can I please
Do what we say that's the way we kick it
Yaknahmean? I see my noisy cricket get wicked on ya
We're your first, last and only line of defense
Against the worst scum of the universe
So don't fear us, cheer us
If you ever get near us, don't jeer us, we're the fearless
MiBs, freezin' up all the flack
(What's that stand for?) Men in Black

[Bridge: Will Smith (Coko)]
Uh, and
(The Men in Black...)
Uh, and
(The Men in Black...)
Let me see ya just bounce it with me, just bounce with me (bounce with me...)
Just bounce it with me c'mon
Let me see ya just slide with me, just slide with me (slide, slide, slide, slide)
Just slide with me c'mon
Let me see ya take a walk with me, just walk it with me (walk with me...)
Take a walk with me c'mon
And make your neck work
Now freeze... (uh huh huh ha...)

[Chorus: Coko]
Here come the Men in Black (Men in Black...)
Galaxy defenders (oooh, oooh, oooh)
Here come the Men in Black (Men in Black...)
They won't let you remember (no, no...)

[Verse 3: Will Smith]
Alright check it, let me tell you this in closin'
I know we might seem imposin'
But trust me if we ever show in your section
Believe me, it's for your own protection
'Cause we see things that you need not see
And we be places that you need not be
So go witcha life, forget that Roswell crap
Show love to the black suit, 'cause that's the Men in...
That's the Men in...

[Chorus: Coko]
Here come the Men in Black (here they come...)
Galaxy defenders (galaxy defenders)
Here come the Men in Black (oh, here they come...)
They won't let you remember (won't let you remember...)
Here come the Men in Black (ohh, here they come...)
Galaxy defenders (oooh, oooh, oooh)
Here come the Men in Black
They won't let you remember