[Intro]
Yeah... yeah, yeah, come on now!
Somebody, somebody, somebody
If you wanna party, say 'party' (Party!)
Say 'party' (Party!)
Nineteen ninety three
JJ and FP
(Dayy de day day day de day
Dayy day dayy day day de day)
Come on
You about ready to do it over there
You ready too
You about ready to do it over there
You ready
I said one two three four

[Verse 1: The Fresh Prince]
Intro, now here I go
As I flow crowd goes up and down like a yo-yo
Hail the master the ruler over all
Me to a mic like Shaq to a ball
Tough like a tank not puffed like a pillow
I'm breaking up with a girl I'm leaving her weeping like a willow
I'm totally in love when I gets a peek of silhouette-a
Till I see another one better
Age of twelve a rapper just for fun
My desire inspired by (Ru-Run... D...)
But now I'm the epitome
Here for years and you can't get rid of me
From the dark age into the renaissance
The rap obsession caused the regression
But one man stood up, and that man’s me
To show you what it takes to be a real MC
You need [scratching] riggy-riggy rhymes and stiggy-stiggy style
And if you fliggy-flow you get wiggy-wiggy-wild
You need to tiggy-tiggy take your take ya time to pursue it
Till your riggy-riggy rhymes fliggy-flow like fluid
Chitty chitty bang bang chitty bang chitty
I kick the nitty gritty for the people in the city
Here's something that you'd best not miss
As we go a little somethin' like dis (Hit it!)
Come on!

[Hook]
Aha
(As we go a little somethin like dis)

[Verse 2: The Fresh Prince]
Yeahh the crowd rocks in the hoouuse
Top feeling, hands to the ceiling
Ain't no playin around or sitting around
Or standin around, clown, when I'm gettin down
Heavy on bass, go lightly on the treble
You can't dig this then man you need a shovel
Where's the jam? I search like a hunter
Find the party kick it like punter
Back in the day they used to judge a MC (On what?)
By how amped and loud the whole crowd would be
I go 'uh', they go 'uh'
If I go 'yeah', they go 'yeah'
Yeah (yeah) yeah (yeah)
It's like a drug and I can't stand it
Mic like a pipe, and music like a magnet
It's hip hop with a twist, uh
As we go a little somethin like dis
(Hit it!) Come on!

[Hook]
(As we go a little somethin like dis)
(Hit it)
Word up
Word up
(As we go a little somethin like dis)
(Hit it)

[Verse 3: The Fresh Prince (DJ Jazzy Jeff)]
It's Jazzy Jazzy (Yo my name is Jeff)
Well it's Jazzy Jazzy (Yo my name is Jeff)
Well it's Jazzy Jazzy (Yo my name is Jeff)
(And don't forget about my man the Fresh the Prince, kick it)
Getu de dups de dit min e tin a harmen
And edow ski dup nit up widu widout
Sit o to the funky did dat you can't mid who get hypnotized widup wid-ow gritu
A mitay to eat wid-ow we di stit ow
It ain't what under test me sedi who do da best beat
You know, you know, what I'm talkin about
Bewede I didn't figure it out
(Now pick it up)
Cause I'm superior, deffer than average, stronger than many that (howled at?) me
But that is okay 'cause in time l will get the respect which is due to the greatest MC
My name is the Prince and don’t ever forget it, you can’t even if you try
‘cause I’m a hell-of-a-lover, a hell-of-a-fighter, an all-around-hell-of-a-guy
Yeah, can I do this? (Yeah, you just did it)
Tell em! Yo, can I do this? (Yeah, you just did it)
Now here's somethin that ya just can't miss
As we go a little somethin like dis
(Hit it!) Come on!

[Hook]
Give it to them
(As we go a little somethin like dis)
(Hit it)
Yeah
(As we go a little somethin like dis)
(Hi-hi-hi-hi-hit it)
(Hi-hi-hi-hi-hit it)
(As we go-as we go-as we go a little somthin like dis)