Belle Reve, all the guards are running in the corridors. Deadshot is intrigued, while Harley spits a shiv of sorts…
GRIGGS:Prisoner, get down on your knees, now!
…which she proceeds to put behind her hair.
GRIGGS: Down on your knees! Hands in the air! Turn around.
The cell door is opened as Harley is doing what she was asked.
GRIGGS: Hands up high!
HARLEY:Hey, I'm cooperating. All right? This is me being cool.
GRIGGS:Take her.
Harley proceeds to attack the guards, and even strikes one with her shiv.
GRIGGS: Do not fire that goddamn weapon! Damn it!
Everyone fires their tasers at Harley, who falls writhing.
Back to the corridor…
GRIGGS: Open the gate! Everybody, line up for extraction. Let's go! Let's move, move!
…that is outside Deadshot’s cell.
DEADSHOT: Yeah! Open the door! Let's go!
The door opens, but Deadshot is quickly subdued by guards with plastic shields.
The cell El Diablo was contained in fills up with water and flush him out where he was apprehended by guards, who injected him with a tranquilizer.
Guards: Hit him! Hurry up, before he smokes us!
Underground, in Croc’s cell…
GRIGGS:Where you at?
Croc jumps out from the water and grabs a guard. The others shoot the tasers at him.
GRIGGS: Is that the new guy?
A Harley restrained in a wheelchair is carried away, laughing like a maniac before she notices briefcases reading “VAN CRISS LABORATORIES” and soldiers in surgical masks with needles.
HARLEY:What is that? What is that? Who are you?
MEDICAL OFFICER: Standby. Arming device.
The officer grabs an injection gun.
HARLEY:Who are you? I don't know who you are.
Another officer gets the gun.
MEDICAL OFFICER: Device armed.
HARLEY:Hey ... I'm talking to you. Hey ... I'm talking to you.
Harley is injected in the neck and screams in pain.
MEDICAL OFFICER: Injection successful.
An ultrasound of Harley’s neck shows a device inside it.
MEDICAL OFFICER 2: Location verified.
Harley is dragged away, Deadshot is next.
DEADSHOT: Anybody who touches me is dead. Anybody who… [he’s injected, and yelps] ...lady.
MEDICAL OFFICER: Injection successful.
DEADSHOT: Hey! Miss? What was that?
MEDICAL OFFICER 2: Location verified. Next!
DEADSHOT: Oh, you deaf. You one of them deaf hoes.
He’s carried away. Roars are heard, and the officers are scared…
Medical Officer 3: Come on.
…as Croc, who’s even with a Hannibal-esque mask, is brought next.
MEDICAL OFFICER: Shut up, and get it done.
He’s injected, and also winces.
Outside, the wheelchairs are being carried away, with Harley giddy and cheery. Griggs approaches her.
GRIGGS:Listen, you're being transferred. I don't know where you're going. [hands her a cellphone] It's from Mr. J. You gonna tell him I took care of you?
HARLEY:You're so screwed.
GRIGGS:What do you mean by that? What do you mean by that? Get off me! Get off me! Harley, what do you mean by that? Harley!!!

VAN CRISS LABORATORIES: A DIVISION OF WAYNE CORP

A “Panda Purveyors” van approaches the gate.
Van Driver: Hey, I got a delivery. I have a gift basket for Dr.Van Criss.
Guard at Gate: You're not on the access list. I can't let you in. Sorry.
Van Driver: Cool if I leave it with you? I'm way behind today.
The basket is handed over to the guard.
Van Driver: Thank you. You're a good man.
Once the basket is fully inside the booth, it blows up in the guard’s face. The Joker and Jonny Frost then come out from the back of the van.

Inside, the Joker’s masked goons – including one with a Batman mask, another with an eyeball one, and adequate to the van, one dressed as a panda – are shooting at anything that moves. Meanwhile, Joker and Frost approach the room of Dr. Van Criss himself.
JONNY FROST:  Open up.
The goons try to shoot the glass, but it’s bulletproof and only gets dented. So the Joker puts a tablet against the glass, showing a video of the Van Criss’s wife at knifepoint.
Wife: Just please, do whatever they say. Do whatever they say. Just do it.
Scared, he opens the door. The Joker then grabs one of the injection guns and inspects it, while taking off the protective cap.
JOKER:This look neat.
He then injects Van Criss on the neck, making him scream.


Aerial shot of Midway City, showing plenty of police cars stopping by the subway station. Inside, the cops attempt firing at Incubus…

Unknown Men: Light it up! Light it up! Light it up!
…but not only it causes no harm, he proceeds to kill them by creating tentacle appendages.
In the subterranean below the station,  Flag is looking upwards, following the sound, with June next to him.
FLAG: He's right above us.
JUNE:This is a mistake. Rick, I can't do this. I can't d ...
FLAG: Listen ... Listen. There is no other way. Just get it done. Just get it done.
JUNE:Enchantress.

Waller’s control room.
WALLER:Flag, talk to me. What's going on down there?
FLAG: Amanda, she bolted.
WALLER:Say it again?
FLAG: She bolted!
WALLER:Shit!
Waller turns around, and starts stabbing the heart repeatedly.

In the subway station, Enchantress walks towards Incubus while holes exhuding green light are emerging from her chest.
ENCHANTRESS: Brother help me. Before she kills me.
Incubus, who was killing a cop, turns around, kneels and shoots a tentacle on Enchantress’s chest. This reinvigorates her and changes her appearance.
INCUBUS: Where's your heart?
ENCHANTRESS: I will take it back. Until then you will share your power. Now help me build my weapon. It's time to wipe them out.


Incubus gets up again as Enchantress walks away. At the surface, the pavement is shook by lightning and then breaks as a pillar of light emerges. Underground, Enchantress is exhuding the blue light, symbols flashing on her skin. Rubble floats towards the pillar, and reforms itself onto cogs. As the Midway City Train Station outside is shown, the roof explodes as the pillar shoots to the sky.
Outside the station, the army tries shooting at Incubus, but he shoots a tentacle and kills them all, while wrecking their armored vehicle as well.He then uses a tentacle to raise the wreck towards the pillar, which is now attracting all the rubble in the vicinity, including the vehicles Incubus is shooting up in the sky.

In the Pentagon war room, things are busy.
MILITARY: Worldwide military is on alert. Our weapons are ineffective.
GENERAL:  I thought this was contained!

Back in Midway City, military helicopters try shooting at Incubus, but are destroyed with his tentacle.