[Intro: Beenie Man]
Zaccka Zo
Ona-na-na-na
Guerilla Black where you from
Zaccka

[Verse 1: Guerilla Black/Beenie Man]
I'm strictly business, just like EPMD
I'm B-L-A-C-K from the C-P-T z(Beeyaaa!)
Were they dip them cigarettes and P-C-P
And them broads they believe in me (Zo)
C-I-B, the magnum totem
Keep my enemies on I-V, once I toast them (C'mon!)
Just like my bagels
Have them like Christians over they head smoking halo (Beeyaa!)
Call me Plato, I philosophy
By the brick, then divided them from my guys (Zaccka)
Then I called Lionel, the prince of the vinyl (Zaccka)
Slow up and charge the game like a wild rhino
I know, no one else can do it better
Is you stupid nigga, get your shit together

[Hook: Beenie Man]
Badman (Zaccks Za)
Guerilla Black comes from Compton
And Beenie Man is a Jamaican (Beeyaaa!)
Sending my message across the nation (C'mon!)
Cause I'm original Badman (Whaaat!)
Yo, I'm original Badman (Baaahh!)
And Guerilla Black comes from Compton
And Beenie Man is a Jamaican (Beeyaaa!)
Cause we're original Badman

[Verse 2: Guerilla Black/Beenie Man]
I like mine all black and like M&M
Not the regular ones, the one that's feminim (Zaccka)
Interning my dojo, you lose your mojo
My karate chops in slow-mo
Fuck around and knock the hair up off your chest (Beeyaa!)
My shocks from your brain, threw a fucked up mess
Unless, I put the potato on the end of the barrel
And watch your soul fly with the sparrow (Baaahh!)
Call me Pharoah Guerilla, my parcels is sleek
And sometimes I wear Chinchillas (Zo)
Yes I'm the thriller
Whether I pop Cristal or drink Miller's
Turn whine coolers back to whine chillers
Yes I'm the illest, no one is like me
No that's not likely (Beeyaa!)

[Hook: Beenie Man]
Badman
Guerilla Black comes from Compton (Zaccka)
And Beenie Man is a Jamaican (Beeyaaa!)
Sending my message across the nation (Zo)
Cause I'm original Badman (C'mon!)
Yo, I'm original Badman (Blaahh!)
And Guerilla Black comes from Compton
And Beenie Man is a Jamaican (Zo)
Cause we're original Badman

[Verse 3: Guerilla Black/Beenie Man]
Meshach and Abednego
Me Black, wear Fendi clothes
Yes, they're many hoes (Zaccka)
Yes, they're many flows
The start of the destruction
Assisted by trombones and percussions
Their ushering, a new millennium
My mind process raps like a Pentium (Blaahh!)
Anyone, anyhow, and anyway
Niggas get fucked up when the mini sprays
Yes he ran away with shells stuck up in his back
He fucked up with Black
Got hit up with the Mack
Best to stick to act, don't act nauseous
Yeah I keep that hardware like I'm DuPont
(C'mon)

[Hook: Beenie Man]
Badman (Beeyaa!)
Guerilla Black comes from Compton (ooh-na!)
And Beenie Man is a Jamaican (Zaccka Za)
Sending my message across the nation (Beeyaa!)
Cause I'm original Badman (c'mon!)
Yo, I'm original Badman (what!)
And Guerilla Black comes from Compton (Onnaaaa!)
And Beenie Man is a Jamaican (Zaccka Za)
Cause we're original Badman
(Zaccka na, Ziggy, zo, zaccka naccka, na, na, na
Beeyaa!
Ona na na na, Badman, Badman)