[Verse 1: Guerilla Black]
Man I've walked through so many miles of hatred
They treat me like and alien up off of a spaceship
I heard them talking while I was in hibernation
They looked at me crazy, as if I was Lil' Kim with a face lift
Soon as you leave, they got they hands on the throat
No need for Snoop and Game, I'm a man of my own
Go ask Bishop and mom, they didn't grasp alone (?)
Dollar figure went all through vision, man, in his song (?)
I want to "Touch the Sky", just like Kanye
They treated me like an "Outkast", just like Andre
If I could show 'em my talent, like Beyonce
I'd have Gabrielle Union as my fiance (rarr)
I'd probably be at the Gremlins in tight ass jeans
But, nahh, I ain't rapping like the Black Eyed Peas
But it's not like ain't hot like the Black Eyed Peas
I just rap about the block, and they ain't like me!

[Hook x2: Guerilla Black]
I got my cap on my head and my gun on my hip
And my ice on my wrist
Yeah Guerilla is back
Okay! The killer is hot!
Hold up, Okay! The killer is hot!

[Verse 2: Hot Dollar]
Oh, kay the kid is back
I told you Hot Dollar had a lock on rap
See, motherfuckers thinking they made Hot
The same niggas sic' when the radio play Hot
Yeah I'm doing tours overseas, and they not
Imagining H-Town, at an L.A. spot (Yeah!)
The bigger, son, saw hype since 50
A mill for the deal, all you bitches can miss me
Me and Black ain't the same for brothers
But you can't put the fame above us
Or name another
That spit how the night's here are changing colors
I kill you, singing toungue 'till you shameless mother
Call me the black John Diamond
I'm in my Maserati
Getting head while I drive is a hobby
Riding through the city with my casket face
Scared rappers need church like Pastor Mase!

[Hook x2]

[Verse 3: Guerilla Black]
Don't call it a comeback
The cycle just repeated again
I reinvented the West so you believe it again
I gave you Mario Winans, then Beenie Man
I know you was wondering "Would I see him again?"
Man I came different like Gnarls Barkley
Not with awful Dodgers and Ed Hardey
Niggas'll test a gangster like Charles Barkley
The street side, you ain't seen that part of me!
Yeah they be like "Where Guerilla been?"
I know the haters must must have hated "Did me in"
But I'm back and stronger than a million men
You tired of the fake, let the real begin
Rap was my hustle, I'm a business man
Hip hop ain't died, came to the West to the live
When you mix it with gangta rap, they the best of friends
I love the East, but the South is my next to kin!

[Hook x2]