[Intro: The Bizzie Boyz (sampled) & Ab-Soul (sampled)]
"How can you do this when you're spankin' brand new to this?"
"I'm the leader—"
"I'm the leader of this game—"
"—old school or new"
"—old school or new"

[Verse 1: Dave East]
Uh, my predecessors never heavy lectured (never!)
Daily messaged through the text, vexed, totin' extra (tote!)
Pedal bike sales, baggin', pumpin', just tryna stretch it (stretch!)
Snipe your bitch, no Wesley, double cup full of Texas (po' up!)
Back room, project buildin' with eight niggas talkin'
BAPE shop in Japan, had a dream J Dilla called me  (uh!)
I paid attention to the Fugees and I killed 'em softly
All white, feelin' Godly, I'm cloud-steppin', don't bother (uh!)
I take offense to disrespect over who lyrical
Triple threat, every move I'm makin', all pivotal (every move!)
Far from Biblical, I want threesomes, I need a chick or two
Polar bear stretched out in my livin' room, he from Alaska (uh!)
No more masters, had me spittin' with the Kiss voice (a-ha!)
Raspy but I'm classy, knockin' André and Big Boi (yeah!)
OutKasts of my generation, I ain't never fit in (never!)
Now I'm blowin' sour in clubs I could never get in (light up!)
In Tokyo, reminiscin' on my cousin that overdosed
Seen a fiend so high, thought he had caught the Holy Ghost (ah!)
Catch a body in Harlem, lay low out in the Poconos (yeah!)
Watchin' Scarface, wanted to be Alejandro Sosa though (baow!)

[Chorus: Royce Da 5'9" + sample]
Sometimes I feel like I'm stuck in the wrong fuckin' era
"Microphone check: one, two"
Like I'm a hostage 'cause I'm in the wrong God damn era
"Microphone check: one, two"
You supposed to be the future of the world
You supposed to be the future of the world
"Microphone check: one, two"

[Verse 2: Royce Da 5'9"]
Uh, I drag individuals, braggin' on residuals
Divide jiggaboos while they flag is indivisible
My state is digital, how these rappers the hottest?
How you rappers the coldest? My fireplace is the igloo
Ooh, what you say is the truth then I salute ya
De La Soul, I pop the Ruger and Posdnuos 'em
The extra extensive extent we've gone
To send you in witness protection, exit with this throne
I can hit you niggas' ex—or I can get you niggas X
—or I can get you niggas X-X-TENCIÓN, uh
Bitch, we not the same thing, me? I come from a different world
I flip you out yo' frame like Dwayne Wayne then hit ya girl
Run up bare-faced broad day, the fuck I'ma wrestle for?
Leave your ass on Heaven's staircase, touched at the chapel door
Fuck you, your national anthem, that shit don't concern me
'Cause it's your country, I'm smokin' Monte Cristo
Discussin' Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies
That's probably why white people stay connected
My people stay corrected, white people stay protected
From the same dangers in life that my people stay subjected
The USA got a race obsession, hatred
I hope you know that's why I race my possessions
I treat my Porsche like Oprah and my Wraith like Stedman
Arrrrrrr!

[Chorus: Royce Da 5'9" + sampled]
Sometimes I feel like I'm stuck in the wrong fuckin' era
"Microphone check: one, two"
Like I'm a hostage 'cause I'm in the wrong God-damn era
"Microphone check: one, two"
You supposed to be the future of the world
You supposed to be the future of the world
"Microphone check: one, two"

[Outro: Royce Da 5'9"]
PRhyme!