VERSE 1... (Snake Hollywood)

I was on the block doin circles in the Benz

Pyrex pot, glass thick as Urkel's lens

Textin my connect Im finna see u for that work

Trappin out the 'jects, we had the pheans goin berzerk

I ain't never met a problem that a Ruger couldn't solve

Shots wizzin through, penmanship sentence u to God

Money on my mind, money in the linens of my pockets

Flippin product niggas dying to make these profits (out here)

I know some niggas that'll hit u for a couple hunnid

& hoes swallow so much nut u gotta pump their stomachs

I seen guns jam & explode... in the hands of the man that was tryna unload it

I breeze through & floss wit fly b@!ches

I done seen pheans sniff more dope up than Todd Bridges

I done seen G'z lose their corners & cry rivers

Mobbin in the fast lane, puttin God first like my last name

But im still on the block pitchin them rocks

Phenobarbital withdrawal had a nigga stomach in knots--twitchin

In a truck sittin pretty wit a cluck dippin

Low enough to choke her up, zero f#cks given... shittin... livin... yea... listen..





VERSE 2... (Dave East)

Lately niggas just hate cause they ain't me

Wanna send me heat wit no AC

Think im sweet? Taste me, how much u really want it?

Enough to put a mil on it or ya deal on it?

Next year first class guess who Im goin wit

My own niggas, see I paid my own trips

Rock my own ice, smoke my own zips

Sell at my own price, get rich off my own shit

Tropicana the whip, couple hammers legit, Hunnid dancers to split

Me and you on the road, bandannas cameras & piff

You hand to hand is a myth, panoramic my views... Balmain on the stitch

Wasn't dressed for the game so me I just played the bench

Flinch soon as I jump, that paranoia done got you

Mix em when we hustle then zip em up like a tent

I feel like Birdie in Above the Rim, Razor blade right up under my tongue like I just wanna win

Talk to God all the time I ain't wanna sin

Keep my circle tight, square niggas I dont want em in

Drop 6 was spotless, b@#ches was topless....



VERSE 3... (Snake Hollywood)

Flexin like Lee Haney wit the weed & xaneys

Brainey nigga wit a zaney flow, stayed in Lo

& Hilfiger, trappin & spillin liquor, the passion of a real nigga

Who carried biscuits like all-day

Livonia, Mother Gaston to Broadway

B#!ches wit wack pussy we f#ck em & yawn OY VEY...

This is heavy intellectual street sh#t

Lagerfeld leathers on top of the Gucci Fleece Knit, (G-Sh#t)

Hot 97 rhyme ready, chop & bag the dope to clock Feddy, yall dont hear me...

They say great minds thinks alike

Im thinkin bread, mold green, the color of envy & Kryptonite

Yo I been livin like a savage since I touched the cabbage

Lavish hustles from Paris to Brussels, Louis V jackets buckled

Stacks in duffles, strap on the hip, envision this classic shuffle (bloaw)

Yo, dont take my civilized nature for some soft shit

I got them reinforcements wit them four fif's gripped

Air it out, clear it out, u on the menu fool

Bodies chopped up, dropped in a swimming pool

Brooklyn on my back, Queens on my chest

Staten Island & The Boogie down but to flex

Got Harlem killas in them oversized fitteds

My long Island & Yonkers niggas'll be out here in 5 minutes

We gone take this sh#t back to the frontier

Essentially nigga, ya dealin wit a Mecca affair

Living like the killas do

The chopper under the couch in the living room--BLOAW leave niggas in ruins

These niggas is goons, these niggas is ooohh....