[Intro]
(You think there's a perception that you're slowing down a little bit?)

Everybody slows down when they get older. I think if I can just be smarter than all the youngings that's comin' I'll be fine. Am I slowing down? Maybe a little bit, maybe not

(You have a chance to win a championship here?)

When I'm on a team, we've got good guys around me, then yes, yes, hell yes

[Verse 1: JR Writer]
Look it's funeral wakes, graveyard flower time
No studio breaks, trey balls, power grind
Y'all on Ramadan, save that I devour mines
Someone (?) I came back with them power lines
Chasin' down the skrilla
Quit playin' with a killer
I ain't a dermatologist, you ain't gon' get a filler
You claimin' niggas iller? Must be from Cincinnati
Well I triple dare you crawl up in this cage with a gorilla
Right hook, left hook, I'll give you the best look
Ever think of checking me? I better see check books
I don't think you understand whenever the chef cook
Playin' with the thunder gang? You better be Westbrook
Trigger finger itchy
.22 to .50s
I don't which one a nigga pickin' up, I'm picky
You think you finna get me?
You little niggas really got me fucked up
Which one of y'all hit me with a (?)
Dig me I'm in the Porsche
Only 5th or boss
They've been screamin' all day so the engine is horse
Christian Diors
You ain't know it nigga I floss
Gators on the kid like I'm down at Disney resort
Dog who you cats foolin'? I will finish you
It's principle, I'm past true it
Who your class schoolin'?
I'm on the ave cruisin'
Headed to the party and I'm hittin' everything movin'
That's some mad shootin'
Pocket and cash, you see I got the ave boomin'
Body in trash, I mean what kind of bag you in?
You don't give up that scratch then your hat fumin'
What's the nickel pack, pack, you can ask Hue and
When I put on a show I got these cats hootin'
What you put in the flow and how is that human?
Gat come with the extendo, your ass poolin'
I grab money out the window, I'm fast foodin'

[Verse 2: Dave East]
I had to Rollie the wrist, I put in the order, get hit
I come from the border, touching quarters, order be rich
Pull up in that foreign, my bitch so foreign, take a pic
Rather get money than lay with a bitch
Them youngin's that's with me, they stay with the shits
I do VVS so flawless
These rap niggas so garbage
Put an infrared on that carbon
We taxin' niggas no bargins
Made a couple racks, that's a good night
When I took flight, first class
Porsche 911, that'll mrk past
That's Milly Rock in the 3rd Ave
Section full of bottles, I don't ever do the bar
I'm always in the buildin', them bitches know who we are
I'm smokin' on the finest, this shit look like a cigar
Hear you ridin' like Raiden nigga get up out the car
Goin' out my way to finally come up out that dark
I couldn't see no lights, livin' trife, me and my dog
Stop askin' questions, mami you gotta take it off
Liquor, weed, and molly, them bitches'll probably take it off
I don't know nothin' about you but I just chase the money
I went too hard to ever let a nigga take it from me
I'm in Neiman's rememberin' every day was bummy
Making pick ups in the projects, addicted to filthy money
The last bid, I promise I will put that work down
God bless the child that hold his own, let's go to church now
The devil on me
Hope you can dig it, I got a shovel on me
Hard for me to walk through detective's I got that metal on me
Meek already told you niggas in life it's levels homie
These niggas switch like the seasons, I'm feelin' better lonely
All by my dolo, Polo when I do fall gear
In public hard to get close to me, just know we all here
In one year I did a song with Nas, did a song with Styles
Did a song with Jada, give a fuck about haters
Did records with Wyclef, got a drink with Noreaga
Pusha T, that's my nigga
Adidas come in flavors
In the 'jects blastin' music, fuck all my neighbors
Havin' conversations with Trigger bout bitches and liquor
He told me go get the money and don't get caught up with niggas
Blog sites be on me, watch how I talk to these niggas
We was trappin'
Break the package, split it all with my hittas
11.99, dimes light up a forest on niggas
They ain't East