[Intro: Dave East]
What the fuck do you mean?
What the fuck do you mean?
Huh?
Fuck do you mean?
Fuck do you mean?
Uh, uh, fuck do you mean?
Uh, uh, fuck do you mean?
Fuck do you mean, fuck do you mean, fuck do you mean?
What the fuck do you mean?
Fuck do you mean?
What the fuck do you mean?
Fuck do you mean?
What the fuck do you mean?
What the fuck do you mean?
Uh, hat the fuck do you mean?

[Verse 1: Dave East]
Tell me, what the fuck do you mean?
You never slept in the trap (never)
You never had them people at yo' door
You never slept with a strap (who that?)
You never called a contact from the crack when you stepped in the track (track)
And you never had a dime bitch talkin' shit with her head in your lap (eat me)
You never bagged up a pack (never)
You don't know how to get back (you don't)
You be surrounded by rats (rats) , get robbed you not gettin' it back (uh uh)
You never been with a fiend (fiend)
You never witnessed a murder (bow!)
You never been on a scene (scene)
The type that we ain't never heard of (who you?)
My bitch in love with the purses (uhh)
I might go pick up a Birkin (I might)
I'm killin' these niggas on purpose
I don't mix the Henny, I'm swervin' (skrrt)
I know how to get it in person (uhh), you know how to get it by scammin' (scammin')
I'm 'bout to whip up a mansion (whip it), I walk in and bitches is scramblin' (scramblin')
I got no interest in gamblin' (I don't)
Wanna bet? Bet wit' ya life (bet it)
They ain't searchin', get it in the night
It'll lock up if you whip it right (whip it)
You a plug gettin' niggas life (damn), my plug got a different price (how much)
Back and forth on the interstate, I'm just hopin' shorty bring a friend tonight (bring her)
You ain't never had a sit-down, conversatin' wit' the big homie (uhh)
In Saks Fifth wit' the SIG on me (strap), my youngins aimin' at yo' wig only

[Chorus: Dave East]
Headshots from a rooftop
Lead in my mouth like I'm 2Pac
I been woke up by a few shots
I don't need no roof, get the coupe drop
I been woke up by a few shots
Lead in my mouth like I'm 2Pac
Don't need no roof, get the coupe drop
I don't need no roof, get the coupe drop
I set up shop at a new spot
Break down the product wit' two thots
One kitchen, I got two pots
Hidin' grams in my tube socks

[Verse 2: Piif Jones]
I went on tour, and I got a bag, and now these fuck niggas mad at me
I'm on my shit, these labels is callin', I'm guessin' that they got the bag for me
All of them bitches that fronted when I had no money, I swear they all trash to me
Now I got hoes wit' dough, they fuck me good, then they get the bag for me
Mama cookin' up work, fiends in and out, swear it's like a trap house
Couple niggas in the hall watchin' out for boys, had the shit mapped out
First thing streets told me,  "Better let it go if you gotta back out"
Seen a nigga get shot and he had the grip, now a nigga assed out
We be movin' all the bricks, takin' all the trips, waitin' for the cash out
We ain't even gotta talk, bitches all up on us 'cause they see a bag now
Fuck a train, we takin' cabs now
It say Gucci on my bag now
Cop a Louis, straight cash now
Give a fuck about a tag now
Shooter get the grippin' every club, I could give a fuck how niggas act now
I just tell them pussy niggas back up 'fore you really get backed down
Told them niggas I'm the best, had to get it up, bet you that's a fact now
All the talkin' 'bout the work, never seen no money get up in the trap now
You never been in a raid six in the morning wit' guns in your face
You never been so afraid, duckin' shots and your homie get grazed
I done seen niggas kill for it
Niggas really gettin' a feel for it
'Member we was in the hills for it, now we all up on the billboards

[Verse 3: AK]
She suckin' the dick and I hope I don't crash
She fuckin' your bitch while I'm dippin' the dash
Roll down the window I'm dumping my ashes
Race on the highway to see who the fastest
Ball in the hoop, brick in the basket
One on the roof hit up the cabins
One of my coupes lit up the scanner
One of them suites hit up my grandma
Mama told me how to move and get my bands up
Papa told me how to move with them hammers
Called the connect for some dope in Atlanta
Never forget I was broke in the slammer
My daughter coming on a visit with manner
(?) coming thru my bitches dancers
Broke niggas, they be feeling like cancer
Black phantom pulled a Mariyn Manson

[Verse 4: Ju Banga]
Bitch fly you a lil fresh
Like a car bitch I'm next
Ultra breeze get a nigga wet
Head shot, fuck a nigga vest
Told the plug that i'm losing weight
Trapstar tryna cook a weight
Glock 40 right on top of the safe
You wouldn't have it any other way
In the hood like a engine
Seen my brother cook a pigeon
Told his ass it was gas pack but it was really a midget
Retail sell it for the cheap
I just caught ya boy with a peep
Pot hole, bitch I'm from the streets
State to state to tour with Dave East

What the fuck do you mean?
You never slept in the trap
You never had them people at yo' door
You never slept with a strap
You never called a contact from the crack when you stepped in the trap
And you never had a dime bitch talkin' shit with her head in your lap
What the fuck do you mean?
You never slept in the trap
You never had them people at yo' door
You never slept with a strap
You never called a contact from the crack when you stepped in the trap
And you never had a dime bitch talkin' shit with her head in your lap