[Intro]
I did a lot but I never hated (A lot)
Never hated
Did a lot but I never hated
We throw the money up (Throw it up)
We throw the money up (Throw it up, throw it up)
I did a lot but I never hated (Throw it up)
We throw the money up (Throw it up, throw it up)
We throw the money up

[Verse 1]
Strapped with my driver (Strap)
You know there's no running up
You go against the family you dumb or what? (Huh?)
I'm bout to fuck four or five summers up
She got that waist trainer on her waist (Ah)
Told that bitch go get a tummy tuck
Wake up, I'm smoking dope everyday
I hit the bank that's a money run (Run, run)
Baby girl chew me like bubble gum (Ooh)
I do not wanna smoke blunts with them (Nah)
On them late nights pray the sun will come (Pray)
Double dutching bitches jumping us
Polo on me, lot of horse power
Past women I am done with them (Done)
Baggin' up in front my little brother
I ain't wanna do that shit in front of him
Niggas tell me that I'm going nuts
Ask your bitch, she just was holdin' those
You put Gucci all up on her clothes
When it come to this she probably overdose (OD)
Waited long enough we on it now (We on it)
No more hoopin' but I'm balling now (Baller)
Got em in they feelings, I don't call 'em now
I'm just tryna get it foreign tryna whip it (Ssskkrrrtt)
Neiman Marcus went like 20 on 'em
Shout to Trigga, had the Bentley for me (Trig)
Remember I ain't have a penny on me
If it's not Buscemi, classic Penny's on me (Penny)
Walking like I got a milli on me

[Chorus]
I did a lot but I never hated
My man home so we celebrating
I'm in a condo with a elevator
My mind blowed, I'm just elevating
I've been on a different type of time
I've been on a different type of time
I did a lot but I ain't never hated
My man home so we celebrating
I'm laying up countin' hella paper
Got her goin down, I'm just levitating
I've been on a different type of time (Different)
I've been on a different type of time

[Verse 2]
I'm tearing Louis down (Down)
I'm tearing Fendi down (Down)
I'm hot, that's a Fendi now, jacket say Fendi now (Fendi)
Won't pay for no verses, I smoke in the back of that Bentley now
I did not have a lot (No)
We did not have a lot (Didn't)
Like how was they upset with Biggie?
How was they mad at Pac? (How?)
I ain't have a crib but I had a Glock (Strap)
I had the plug and Black had the pot (Black)
I want the world, you can have the block (Have that)
Jump out a Porsche with the baddest thot
Remember I was tryna pay the cop
In and out the back of patty wagons
Pockets probably pack a lot of salad, I (Salad)
Cameras in it helped me back it out (Backed it up)
Prince of my city, what's that about (Huh?)
They heard I could spit, tryna rap it out (Rap it out)
They reach out they hands tryna dap it out (Curve)
I go in my zone and I'm blacking out (Black out)
We traveling, Wayno just map it out
I got my boarding pass (Got it)
I just want all the cash
What's better than that?
I think of that hoopty, that Jetta was black
That broke shit was whack, I'll never go back

[Chorus]
I did a lot but I ain't never hated
My man home so we celebrating (A lot)
I'm in a condo with a elevator
My mind blowed, I'm just elevating (Blow)
I've been on a different type of time (Whole different type of time)
I've been on a different type of time (Uh)
I did a lot but I ain't never hated (A lot)
My man home so we celebrating (Buzzing)
I'm laying up countin' hella paper
Got her goin down, I'm just levitating
I've been on a different type of time
I've been on a different type of time
I did a lot but I never hated
My man home so we celebrating
I'm in a condo with a elevator
My mind blowed, I'm just elevating
I've been on a different type of time (Free scrap)
I've been on a different type of time (Free trav, free char)
I did a lot but I ain't never hated
My man home so we celebrating (Free rent)
I'm laying up countin' hella paper
Got her goin down, I'm just levitating (Ricky Ricardo)
I've been on a different type of time (Harlem)
I've been on a different type of time (Whole different type of time, man)

[Interlude]
Man, come to my hood and you say [?]. Fuck out of here I ain't talking with this nigga. The fuck is talking to this nigga. You know what my grandfather told me? You'll get as far as the motherfuckers you talk to for no reason. You'll be as successful as the motherfuckers that you talk to for no reason

[Interlude 2]
Dave - Yo take around me real quick cuz, I gotta make a move, go up town for a minute

Man - Fuck it let's go, where you tryna go?

Dave - I have to smuggle shit, I'm kinda bent from last night though, you drive?

Man - Yeah fuck it I'm drunk too

Dave - You sure my nigga? I never rolled with you before but you good?

Man - I'm gon' find out today cuz, fuck it

Dave - Fuck it we out nigga, this nigga Jonesie, he just told me umm download his new shit, you heard that shit?

Man - No but I know Jonesie, got some fire for us

Dave - You know how that go. I got his shit right here nigga. Come on, we out though

Man - Fuck it let's get it

Man 2 - Yo cuz let's go get some backwoods real quick though

Dave - Yeah bet

[Outro: Dave East + (Man)]
Nah Dead ass though man nigga came a long way B. Like I never saw this shit doing what it's doing. (That's a fact cuz, who the fuck thought we'd be all the way out here doing this shit. We was in the trenches.) Trenches bro, like niggas really just drove across America. (Smoke all the best weed that there was to smoke)

You feel me? From the bitches to the niggas, pass that weed nigga. (You know I'm gon' get that back fucking with you). From the bitches to the niggas man, it's like this shit come from the bottom, look what it's doing man, ain't nobody believe this shit. (No I ain't got no choice nigga fuck it). Only one way to go nigga