[Intro: Kur]
Worse than this...

[Chorus: Kur] (5x)
It's been worse than this (yeah)
I ain't trippin' off of nothin', it's been worse than this
It's been worse than this..


Really worse than this...

[Verse 1: Omelly]
Ain't no time to trip now, shit, I've been through it all
Praying 5 times a day, all praise to allah
It was (?) 96' when I got that call
Said my mom ain't gonna make it, I had to take that loss
I was 10 years old, that shit left me scarred
Ripped me apart, I cried several nights in the dark
I remember summer 92', my uncle Rob got murked
My grams looked me in the eyes, said I'm gonna be a winner
I remember coming home heating up TV dinners
Toast and butter, closed my eyes, wished it was steak
Oodles and Noodles, sugar in it, that was my plate
Gone!

[Chrous: Kur] (5x)

[Verse 2: Kur]
Should I stay or should I go?
I was saving, funds was low
Back aching on the floor, mom's hate me even more
Fiends waiting by her door, quick to take it if it's yours
Niggas' hating, making stories, from the basement, that's my story
Mom thinking, now she worried, I'm (?) and I'm dirty
Caught and 8th, niggas's served me, switch a (?), that's on purpose
Some mistakes, I ain't perfect, dawg, I pray when it ain't working
Felt ashamed, felt worthless, (?)
I was posted, making purchases, floating half of 30's
Bitches joking, trying to curve me
I kept going, ain't no worries
I was hoping I got courage, I was floating..
I was posted, never nervous, I got 30, catch this 30, for real

[Chrous: Kur] (5x)

[Verse 3: Dave East)
I started with nothing, I had to grind for it
I couldn't afford Gucci or Tom Ford
Needed a hoopty from the auction, asked my mom for it
Trying to be a champ with this music, I got LeBron on it
I started getting money and put my guys on it
This (?) dropped that, gotta cut it, they wait in line for it
I bomb on anything, they think Saddam on em
You getting money, they don't like that shit
They'll drop a dime on you
Hearing niggas' hating, have me steaming like a hot sauna
Knowing I'll bring it to your door like I'm Tom Warner
(?) on me, early morning like I'm Tom Joyner
8 ball full of diamonds, my uncle said "I hope your .9 on you"
It been way worse, east side..

[Chrous: Kur] (5x)