[Elmo voice intro]
Haha this is, this is Elmo
And Elmo would like to present the, the Wizard of Harlem
A-a-and first of all, lemme give a big shout out
T-t-to that punk ass nigga named Jim Jones
Haha Jim Jones you a bitch

[Loon intro]
Damn...I shouldn't have fucking moved to ATL man
Cause now my son is running around Harlem about to get his motherfucking self killed
Jimmy, Jimmy you hear me? Maybe if I write a letter
You still my boy, even though you ain't got my last name
I still love you

[Verse 1]
How you doing Jimmy? I know you feeling happy
I heard you got some money, and your kids looking snappy
But ain't a nigga in the world that you could pay to clap me
So why don't you just be a man? Why don't you attack me?
Why don't you just run up on me? Punch me in my mouth
Do that same silly shit that you been doing in the South
But when you out in other towns chilling in the club
You be with your little homies trynna front like you a blood
But up town you gets no love
You ain't no motherfucking thug
You keep acting like you're tough
You gone feel a fucking slug
I'm a rehabilitated gangsta from Harlem
True Life stole your ice, I'm a fucking problem
Pay me, that's the only way to fucking solve them
Lately, I been feeling like your fucking father
So why even bother fronting like we equal?
I see you in the streets I'ma beat you

[Hook]
Jimmy, why you going around telling these lies?
When you know you niggas not my size
You in the streets but you ain't got my ties
So why would you try me Jimmy?
Why you going around telling these tales?
When you ain't ever been in no jail cell
And the hood don't really know you that well
Oh well, let me tell you about Jimmy
Keep goin' 'round playing these games
I don't know what's going 'cross your brain
I can't wait 'til I get your chain
My man, god damn Jimmy

[Verse 2]
How you doing Jimmy? I apologize for stalling
I had no time to play with you cause daddy was out balling
You thought you was a gangster, you thought that was your calling
Now you fucking with some niggas that will kick your walls in
I tried to put some calls in
And seize the situation
But you be acting like you wanna see me beat your face in
Ain't got no beef with Mason, that shit he did was dry
But shit you doing homie, you gone fuck around and die
I could punch you in the eye
Then the beef would go and fly
But you acting like you high
Or you just don't wanna try
You keep talking to a camera but the camera don't talk back
Them niggas talk the talk, but them niggas the walk that

[Hook]

[Loon Outro]
Listen Jimmy...
I raised you boy, maybe I didn't raise you personally
But niggas like me raised you, you know what I'm saying?
Real motherfucking niggas from Harlem, ya understand?
You's a fucking flea nigga
You know me man, I been getting money man
This game man, talking about the streets nigga
Since '84, 85' nigga, nine years old man, 10 years old
Doing the things you dream about doing
Fucking faggot
I see you out here playing catch up nigga
Niggas know me man
I been driving Z's, At-Legends, know what I'm saying?
'99 nigga I had the BMW B before the shit even hit the streets of Harlem nigga
I was the first nigga to pull the 350-Z out man
Before ya man Juelz Santana, no disrespect, I like the lil nigga, ya know what I'm saying?
We popped up in Rangers, all kinds of shit man
You niggas know me man, solo creep nigga
I was wearing 350 thousand dollars worth of jewelry nigga
At three o'clock in the morning nigga, standing next to the stick up kid
You bitch ass nigga, you niggas been robbed more than I have arguments nigga
Niggas is food man, straight up man, but you personally dawg
I'ma tear yo motherfucking ass up when I see you dawg, true story B
Real talk, boss talk, boss up, Loon
Y'all niggas sit back man, enjoy the ride
Cause I am, the motherfucking Wizard of Harlem