[Produced by Captain Murphy/Flying Lotus]

[Verse 1: Azizi Gibson]
Boy I'm certainly certified, sick as shit, super fly
Chipped tooth, hazel eyes, where he from? Bang of kok
Fuck you, gang or not, Brainfeeder we alive
(P-H) we unite, faggots, I see you not
Cars I can see you drive, stories I see you plot
Game? I'mma see her box, you? You see her watch (Watch?)
Cause she's always tryna leave
She's like "Nigga, chill the fuck out, why don't you just let me breathe?
I just wanna ho, I just wanna be a skeeze
I just want a couple thousand Gs but only on the breeze
Cause I been reading Zane and they got me horny
Cause this is the life for me"
(Oowww!)
While women do that nigga, I'mma divide chips
Probably take over the universe with my dick
And I can see the secrets through my eyelids
Even if they closed, nigga fuck it though
A language that these people will never know
A plant from the fucking ground you could never grow
But nigga, you best pick up your phone
Cause you don't wanna be here when the world's gone

[Verse 2: Jeremiah Jae]
Uhh, no pain no gain
Hoes saying if you tryna be fit and get it in and umm...
Go ahead, get your Benjamins
But homie remember when you do stay militant
Go figuring
Then he lost his gold to a bitch and her women-friend
Wondering "Damn, I don't know if I can go back again."
The flow'll bring you the rough road, you only visiting
Then he dip with the mental hymn
Vince to configuring, nights in the wind again
I heard he got different
And moved out to Michigan, what's up with your new friends
Ducking and dodging like they playing dodgeball
Wherever the dimes fall, he stash em in the drywall
Just to get by he say
But his family doing good, can't they break him off a spare plate?
Maybe a rib if you lucky
Got played across the board like Buckey
With independent truckies

[Verse 3: Captain Murphy]
I got the whole universe (The whole entire universe?)
I got the whole universe strapped up to my boot heel
That’s my fuckin' word don’t give a flyin' fuck how you feel
Said to many F’s already every verse he curses heavy
Maybe I’m a monster from the forest
I came up to your cabin in the woods just to eat up all the porridge
The kinda shit I spit beyond the mic is so elaborate
Like a cabber in a labyrinth, Imagine how the magic get
(Klatuu, Verata-) I cast a spell without a magic kit
That Phoenix Down, take a bow, then reveal the torniquet
Man, I'm babbling for money (man I'm traveling for money)
Man I'm in Japan laughing cause their bathroom's funny
Like a bidet named Toto
Chilling in the Shire smokin' on that fire Frodo
They say he ghetto like a Miller High Life on 'em
And stunt the chain like a nigga lite-brite on 'em