[Intro: Jonwayne]

Yeah, Jonwayne, Scoop DeVille, Quelle, Jeremiah Jae, Azizi Gibson
You know, we’re not necessarily on that Pitchfork speedial, but we don’t give a fuck
We on that real shit, and I believe my friends are real talented, so I’m gonna have them showcase that talent right now
I’m gonna provide the backbeat, and let them do their thing. Let’s go

[Hook:Gibson]
My nigga life goes on, (That’s why) We don’t want no fucking sad songs
So shut the fuck up, get lit, and go hard
Fuck a few broads, get rich, and drive cars
Pray to this lord I live and eat good
Man I mean so fucking good, I’m talking that lobster, shrimp and steak boy
Momma I’m a man, I’m not you’re little boy
Fuck these niggas that got me annoyed

[Verse 1: Quelle]
Uhhh, I dive skies and jump bungies
Write monkeys, zoo animals, it sounds chunky, right?
White rice, Kentucky bourbon over ice
I get right, lay swishers with light
Get caught in a corner might have to switch up your life
You might have to switch up the left and hit with the right
Head-body, head-body, hair, have to lace up the Nikes, it’s tight
Cut that circulation off to the calves
Once you loosen up, you might just lose up on some math
Study up, buddy up, get a partner
A tutor, a Buddha to show you clear ways through the water
I slaughter. Goliath told David he’s a goner
But we all know how that story ends
Fuck that bitch called life and the glory ends
We’re the writers of the story and historians
In and out like accordions and hamburgers
Sound murder, keeping knitted tight like cardigans
? Why yal niggas trying to buy the end
Sound murder, keeping knitted tight like cardigans

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Jae]
Your life moving on that real bad
Spilled milk, for what though? Clutch flow, fans on the edge of they seat…
And he shoots the three. Misses the target, hits the innocent meat
Market flooded his stocks, trying to get your business up
But instead he got beef target. Darths a light, armed robber, you flee market
Fleas cover your jeans, he rocked dirty jeans, she still like it
Told her some things that she may never even pardon,.
Her homie on that milk carton starving
MILF on her wild life, chasing I guess her life hard, brah
Star-struck, like that comet came down
Turn all the lights down, we half-cab vert ramps
Turn your head 360 degrees, just so that you feel the breeze
You’d be surprised how many lies on the screen

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Quelle]
Jonny what it is, I’m fresh about the show biz
I called it like I saw it from the future like a wiz
Of Oz. Jabber jaws on my dick like you ain’t know this
Retard, I went far from a kid who didn’t know shit
But now I’ve got the dope piss, when they focus
Look, I was high when I wrote this, you sure you wanna record this?
Roll up, I got something on it
Sprinkled with jingles from Chris Cringle, we play with these tectonics
Shaking move the whole planet, know we got it like that
Hedgehog in the game, super-sonic like that
In the streets like you claim, but you ain’t mobbing like that
I got heat, take aim and put your top back, back

[Hook]

[Verse 4: Jonwayne]
Consider me perplexed, catching rappers’ rhymes in the nerf net
Start a revolution, let my buddies get the bird set
Let the rappers here the revolution. Bud, get the Percocet
I rap like heroin, and it’s threatening
These people wanna keep it ignorant like its your medicine
Leave ya fucking numb until your mouth can’t taste the messages
Leave your population for dead, there is no genesis
Except for the one you read in the book, that shit’s irrelevant
Talk about the lessons, but no mention of the elephant
Living in the circus but no mention of the elephant
The kettle gets whatever, it’s the pot that gets the specialist
Jeremiah, Quelle, and Scoop and see, we’re the menace kid
We’re the menace kid

[Hook]