[Intro]
That's what I'm saying, baby
I'm trying to dream, girl
We getting deeper, love
It's time to wake up
Yo, what you saying, baby?
I got to go
Coming back

[Verse 1: Jeremiah Jae]
You saw me sleeping on that temper-pedic
No, I'm lying, it's a futon
On the floor no frames
Didn't even take my shoes off, no disrespect
I didn't mean to cut your snooze off
I know you gotta go to work soon
You're like a portrait for important artists
I'm like a dirty nigga struggling, trying to go the hardest
Feeder is the squad, eating niggas' hearts out
They're sleeping on their ?
But really that's fine, cause when you wake up the homie might be gone like...

[Hook]
That's what they're saying man
I'm in your dreams now
Getting deeper in it
Starting to wake up. (wake up)
What you saying, baby?
Yo, I gotta go now
You coming back?

[Verse 2: Jeremiah Jae]
Memories hold the image for you
You're tired though. You want the real thing
I swear life is on a matrix grid. Could live you whole life sleeping
People mourn 'til their conscious. She found a little bit of gold
Now she really think she found something. Open the door got flooded
The world's so cold. They take your time and your dreams, and now you're getting old
Now they got you thinking 'bout folding. But the question at the hour is when I'm awake, are you gone?

[Hook]
Yo, can't make it alone
I need you here with me
Couldn't believe she left
Don't leave
You gotta go?
Coming back...

[Verse 3: Jeremiah Jae]
She got me looking in the backyard
Under chairs, in the back study
Yo, she really up and left dog
I had to double-check my drug money
If she really going that far
You might have to take a slug from me
Wanna know what, I'm gonna take that back
Cause at the end of the day, I'm gonna take a long nap
Too much on the brain, sometimes you gotta fall back
Too much of the same, that's why you're days don't progress
So many niggas gone, laid to rest, I digress, you're gone. (Gone)

[Outro]
"Don't be gone, please mama
I know that dreams can come true, baby."