[Intro]
("Why you need to cross over? Why are niggas always crossing over something, huh?
What's the matter, huh? They can accept our music as long as they can't see our faces?")
("Man, first we build up a strong crossover audience, then we can come out strong
Crossover ain't nothin' but a double cross
Man, once you lose the audience, we never gonna get them back")
("Well, it's like that") *scratched*

[Verse 1]
My pockets is not expended 'cause I got it
Yo, you wanna flam, goddamn, don't start it
Make a mistake and try to hit the master
But I duck fast plus I swing faster
Waste no time and I don't hesitate
Get in that ass like Preparation H
See, I rocks the rhymes, I rocks the cuts
An Almond Joy, not a Mounds 'cause I got big nuts
Jump outta line, ya get a knuckle shampoo
Goes the nine yards plus an extra too
See, brothas do crimes and they go to jail
Saying rhymes so cheap their name should be wholesale
But I gets the dough when I do the show
Chinese girls, they call me Dick Swing Low
That's how it is, baby, that's how it go
And if I didn't tell you, how the fuck would you know?

("When it comes to this" "bitches know my status") *scratched*

[Verse 2]
I've been around the world, met all types of floozies
Joan, Joannes, and Suzannes and Suzies
I put 'em to a test and see if they can pass
A foot to they ass to see if they can last 'cause
I'm the gentleman, very instrumental and
Execute a style that can even move a mannequin
The successor, casual dresser
Grab your girlfriend and I just bench press her
Excite her with a thought that's so damn perverted
Shit's so nasty it's hard for me to word it
'Cause I reach and grabbing it, stab, stab, stabbing it
Positive K and you know I'm not crabbing it
The rhymes are gravel and long like a javelin
When I fuck the hoe, I leave the damn bitch babblin'
Talking about, "Where am I? Who, who did it?"
She turned and see me smiling saying I'm the one who hit it
'Cause I'm the gigolo, humping for the dough
And if I didn't tell you, how the fuck would you know?

("Ain't no doubt, you get knocked in your mouth") *scratched*

[Verse 3]
Now now, it's only right that I say something clever
So you could hold your head and say, "Damn, I never
Heard somebody say that the way he said it
How did he do it? Yo, where did he get it?"
It's an ancient secret, listen and peak it
Pay close attention on the way that I freak it
'Cause it's special, kinda abnormal
Need to dress up because this is informal
So, charge, but be at your leisure
Grab your MasterCard, no, better yet, your Visa
When it comes to hangin' I can swing like a monkey
Know how to dress plus my hairstyle's funky
Acrobatic, charismatic
Asiatic, no, not a crack addict
See, when I vote, I vote Democratic
And I can rock a rhyme with just static
A like that y'all, and you don't stop
Never find the Positive at the crack spot
Yeah, that's how it is and that's how it go
And if I didn't tell you, how the fuck would you know?

("And if I didn't tell you, how the fuck would you know?") *scratched*

[Verse 4]
See, I'm the type of guy who's smart and good-looking
Never caught me hanging out at central booking
Some seem to think I'm lowdown and I'm shady
Said I make my living off a certain type of lady
Just because they call me the woman recruiter
I look upon myself as the hot cum shooter
Speaking of cuter, I say that I'm live
Ya see, I made Billy Dee sell Colt 45
That's why I get girls and short them like laces
'Cause I can bone 'em all standing back 50 paces
Ride 'em up and down just like a see-saw
Make her shout, hurt the shit as if she played on Hee-Haw
But it's no trick, it's just a whole lotta dick
And when it comes to choosin', y'all know who they pick
The man pulling girls better than a tow truck
Guys don't like it, I don't give a flying fuck
'Cause when I get a hoe, ayo, I got a hoe
And if I didn't tell you, how the fuck would you know?

("Ladies shout my name for the next decade") *scratched*

[Outro]
Laz-E-Laze don't give a fuck
My man Kid Capri don't give a fuck
Uh, he don't give a fuck
The Easy L.G. don't give a fuck
The mighty Zulu Nation don't give a fuck
Uh, they don't give a fuck
Big Daddy Kane don't give a fuck
And if I didn't tell you, how the fuck would you know?

("And if I didn't tell you, how the fuck would you know?") *scratched*