[Intro]
Ya still there pal?
Hello? Where are ya?
I know you're still there 'cause I could smell ya

Positive! oh yes, oh yes
Positive! oh yes, oh yes
Positive! oh yes, oh yes
Positive! oh yes, oh yes
Positive! oh yes, oh yes

Positive! oh yes, the fly pimp

[Verse 1]
Fuck 'em, buck 'em, duck 'em other rappers out on the street
A brother's gettin' old and a nigga has gotta eat
So the rhymes I wrote is my anecdote
In comparison it's a like a beta to a motherfuckin' instro
Follow the leader 'cause I'm no one to follow
I got these suckers so scared you
Bitch-ass niggas can't even swallow
And if you feel you wanna set it, then come and get it
And bet your last baby girl I'm gonna wet it
So let me run it and stick it and gun it
Watch your girl get taunted
Lay her back up with my feet up and gettin' blunted
I'm takin' title and proddin' bitches and money for the makin'
Uhh! See, I got 'em shakin'

[Hook]
Ya start shakin' (Come again)
Ya start shakin' (I got 'em shakin')
Ya start shakin' (Come again)
Ya start shakin'

[Verse 2]
I'm grippin' it up, I'm rippin' it up, I gotta make it happen
I'm shakin' 'em up, I'm breakin' 'em up and rappers can't imagine
I'm hittin' 'em hard, I'm leavin' 'em scarred and yes I'm gonna take it
I'm soothin' and provin' and provin' and
Soothin' and baby won't you shake it?
I'm dippin' and dodgin' and dodgin' and dippin'
Grippin 'em, grabbin' 'em, grabbin' 'em, grippin' 'em
Blowin' 'em, showin' 'em and
Lettin' 'em know that Pos is always living
I'm setting it off, I'm letting it off, of course
Can't stop my styling
I'm bloomin' and blammin', slammin' and jammin'
Won't you come and try me?
I rock this, I rock that, make it hit, make it phat
Make it cool, make it smooth, all the gods show improve
Get the dough, rip the show, hit the hoe, better no
Rappin' and mackin' and mackin' and rappin' Pos is the pro
I got 'em shakin'

[Hook]
Ya start shakin' (Come again)
Ya start shakin' (Say I got 'em shakin')
Ya start shakin' (Come again)
Ya start shakin'
(Check it out...)

[Verse 3]
I'm the type of guy that you can call a planna
That's how I met this little hooker named Anna
I got you sewn from New York out to Atlanta
She sucked my dick like she was the Ana-Banana
Fuck George Bush and the Star Spangled Banner
I went to Jamaica just to get a little tanner
Gotta bitch next door and I really can't stand her
Kick a nigga in his nuts 'til he sings like a Soprana
I got 'em shakin'

[Hook]
Ya start shakin' (Come again)
Ya start shakin' (Uh, say I got 'em shakin')
Ya start shakin' (Come again)
Ya start shakin'

[Verse 4]
Rappers are rickety, rockety
Got no money but Monopoly
Scribble-scrabble 'round playground and gravel
That's what I'm droppin' see
Never caught me trickin', just long dickin'
I'm gettin' with the goin' 'cause I'm goin' with the gettin'
I see your fly bitch, I call my fly bitch kitten
Like G Rap said "I-I-I ain't bullshittin'"
That ass was soft like butter, I wanted to gut her
And shut her down, from all that rhymin', hit her 'til she stutter
I charm in it, come in it, rub in it, she's lovin' it
The pussy's so big I put my four fingers and my thumb in it
That's the process of love makin'
And when I get busy with women, say...
I got 'em shakin'

[Hook]
Ya start shakin' (Come again)
Ya start shakin' (I got 'em shakin')
Ya start shakin' (Come again)
Ya start shakin'

[Verse 5]
This is a poetical, theoretical
Sorta in order, but don't say it's alphabetical
Persisted, then she need medical assistance
So all you FUCKIN' rappers out there keep your distance [Pause]
I got a bat called a Louisville Slugger (What!)
Girls talk nice and if you don't I'm gonna bugga (What!)
And if I get played on any account
Then the Positive K (Steps up to the mound!)
And you'll get hit and your paths you'll pick
And when your flame gets lit (Ahh shit)
So don't diss it, that's to be explict (Get a job!)
I got a job, ya see I make more than solicit
That's what you call prostitution [Gun shots]
Down now, niggas shootin'
'Cause when I flip my whole squad starts breakin'
That's why - that's why I, I got 'em shakin'

[Outro]
The Easy LG
Got your punk DJs out there shakin'
To my man Kid Capri, yeah uh, he got 'em shakin'
To my man B.O., huh, he got ya bitches out there shakin'
To the mighty Zulu Nation, yeah, you know they got 'em shakin'
And to my man Sugar Ray, yeah, uh, he got 'em shakin'
To my man - to my man - to my man Daddy Kane, yeah, he got 'em shakin'
The Positive K, he know he got ya shakin'
[record reverses]
An offbeat cut, how you like that?
Uh uh, yeah, Harlem got 'em shakin'
Uh, uh, Brooklyn got 'em shakin'
Uh, uh, Queens got 'em shakin'
Huh huh, shake it up ya'll, shake it up y'all
Uh, shake it up y'all, shake it up y'all
Uh, shake it up y'all, shake it up y'all
Uh, shake it up y'all, shake it up y'all