[Intro: Ghostface Killah (El-P)]
Yeah, nothin' but fly beats runnin' float
Around here and shit, about to pop off all (from outta
The robes, to the new world)
It's about to pop off, (Ghostface and Lazer Face
And you never seen this shit before) Hide ya face, yo
I told y'all niggas it's about to pop (hide ya face)
Here we go, come on man, New York, we got y'all niggas up top
(Fuck this, hide ya face) Hold me down, Brooklyn

[Ghostface Killah]
Yo, this is Ghostface, Theodore, I'm magically suspicious
Police try to get money and sell my pictures
To the star ledger (tell 'em) inquirin' minds wanna know
How Pretty Tone get robes as soft as snow
Where the bird go? That shit flew south for the winter
Why my piece hold the face, the size of plates at dinner
Was Masquerade a true story? (yep) What happened to the Clan?
Did I really dodge death? Am I the true Ironman?

[El-P]
Yo, this is Lazer Face, El Producto, Funcrusher, dance to this
I leg sweepin', runnin' man stance, with my contaminate
Spit that, hardly arty, semi-retarded and brawny
Ungodly stoppin' me, put holes in your body heat (bangin')
Abort your eminence front with a coat hanger
That lick off, of the set of altercation without anger
Oh is that the shit you runnin' with? Equip this with a pair of scissors
Cook coke with a Brooklyn word poet, with Tony the Iron Wizard

[Hook: El-P (Ghostface Killah)]
You be lyin' to the fans on your tapes (hide ya face)
Just because radio will play you, doesn't mean that you great
Baby heads talkin' shit in my space (hide ya face)
Muthafucka, we hold the legends every breath that we take
You ridin' dirty when your man, had the plates (hide ya face)
Wear your seatbelt and make sure to keep it light on the brakes
You been drafted by the United States (hide ya face)
You wind up gunnin' out a chopper, another man and his hate
Oh break... (hide ya face)

[Interlude: Ghostface Killah]
Oh shit, when the beat gon' drop?
Fuck it, I'm gonna get big money, here we go nigga

[El-P]
Embarresed her, bastard bet, the colamity, rap knowledge
Or fever, among liquids stickin' ya character
Paintin' obituaries, with a Krylon scepter
Last of the unforgiven, spittin' insanity lectures (from where?)
From the era of a Dapper Dan texture
I'm fully pullin' on loosy nukie, from the BK sector
Oh was that the shit you runnin' with? Yeah, bitch with a broken cattle prod
And the ox I stole from the mailroom supervisor at my last job

[Ghostface Killah]
Ayo, it's Tony Starks, the Wallabee clarks, the fly minks
The first nigga to pop them yellow bottles for drinks
Big links only built for D. Coles, I peep hoes
You god damn right I fuck fans and get G. robes
And spinach, bread like the Pillsbury dough
I got a red nose pick with the high pro glow
My hydro flow? I got it locked, but y'all don't know
Watch when your enterprise go public and Starks just blow

[Hook: El-P (Ghostface Killah)]
You be lyin' to the fans on your tapes (hide ya face)
Just because radio will play you, doesn't mean that you great
Baby heads talkin' shit in my space (hide ya face)
Muthafucka, we hold the legends every breath that we take
You ridin' dirty when your man, had the plates (hide ya face)
Wear your seatbelt and make sure to keep it light on the brakes
You been drafted by the United States (hide ya face)
You wind up gunnin' out a chopper, another man and his hate
Oh break... (hide ya face)