[Verse 1: C~Roc]
I've been a killer since day one
It's in them skinny jeans of them teens to be a fan of what I pack son
We roll up on you for the green like a packed blunt
Most you rappers lost ya taste & spit sweet as if you're stride gum

I'm with the punchlines so when I punchlines
Fuck a hook you'll see me bare arms when I close lines
Yes I got intelligence & some metaphors
Ya bitch swallow my delivery, why you think I met her for/metaphor ?

And I get money everyday's a payday
Haters hop up off my D.I. before you see K's
For the record you'll get scratched off no DJ
I Declare War, no truces when the heat spray

Me I'm so deadly straight sniping my opponent
Just to prove I go the distance to come the closest
Then killing every rapper being the best is just a bonus
Haters I'm focused, sweating ya sexual weapons my arsenal from the ocean

Damn, you don't bang you'll get cut up front
Script full of hard lines so do not act dumb
This my dream I can't sleep till it's God damn done
And now it's nightmares I'm scared to see what I've really become, C

[Verse 2: G-Blaze]
Blaze on the beat got them niggas like who that
Killing em' & can't nobody stop me on the fucking track
Gone for a minuet now I'm back for redemption
Nigga's saying that Blaze was never good nigga since when ?

DFW, my team & that's forever boy
You say the same thing on the track, You a broken record

These haters come around & praying for my downfall
That why I get my bars up & I sawg when I'm around y'all
Ya bars dry nigga my shit is bout to drown y'all
They talking shit until them bullets flip you that's a round off

These niggas getting scared, like who's that nigga blaze
He's only 15 !? My nigga no way
My nigga yes way, you think I'm here to play
My bars is like tundra they colder then them december days

These rappers made it worse, C~Roc just brought the hurst
Hizzy declared war now niggas gone get that work
(Ha, niggas gone get that work .. I'm out)

[Verse 3: JayHizzy]
Ok I let my niggas go first to kill the beat
So by the time it got to me it was predeceased
Yep, this my team we professional snappers
If we weren't rappers we'd be your chiropractors

I'm a king like mike jack, but I ain't number 2 doe
That bar went over ya head like a Home Run from Albert Pujos
Check my Compositions I guess I'm Anita Baker/Ima need a baker
And when my recipe heats up my words are burning the paper

Don't ever doubt me ya boy Hizzy still a monster
When Hov leaves the games I'll be the king of entendres
Niggas think they hot as me cuz they use a microwave
But if they ever battle me they better use a mic or wave

A white flag cuz I'm ready to bust magnums
Funny thing is I ain't kidding, that's why I got magnums
And I keep my blinkie tucked so if you blink you might get stuck
Wit ya eyes closed & some holes where your ribs should go

You want know beef like a lesbian
Actually you don't want beef like a lesbian vegetarian

My niggas will blast for me you .. be speaking blasphemy
Don't .. fuck with this gah, I might .. cause a catastrophe
It's still a mystery why you niggas belittle me
Until I blissfully go on a muh fuckin' killing spree

Fuck it bitch now I'm pissed off, this shits on
You don't want me to draw like a tie then put the clip on
If they tell me to hitchu, I promise I won't miss dude
With that 9 to your chest, Tony Parker wouldn't assist you

You fat & you black & you claim that you a boss
Well I guess like Ricky Ross you gone end up with ya top off
Pussy nigga I'm not soft keep talking all of that bullshit
Bout how mans gonna check me & wreck me ? Don't disrespect me

Head shot's til your bleeding & now your heavily breathing
Oh did I just blow your mind ? Are you understanding the reason ?
Then while you feeling on your nose deliver a couple body blows
And when you hit the floor/flow it's a knockout that's how the story goes (Pussy !)