Don't make politics out of what I say
It's just a something that you hear
It used to be what kept us goin

What can you do?

Culminated case city limits to murky acreage
Johnny Carter infected commands all for some basic nit
Advanced style's slit deep into the custom mods
New York state of emergency: perilous politics and lies
Cling to the toon world, barren to the amateur
Cater to the linoleum motion and text damagers
I burn backlands back from playin path war
Mushrooms in the blood while they're mega-pluggin some bad thought
I've come across laws fillin stop, mind blinded
Might wake up naked at the fuck factory
Where the crabs are (woop! woop!)
Eyes up, blue people, tiptoe in your area
Quick with a long arm (that) wasn't designed to carry ya
More like the child act, cool in the schoolyard
3 o'clock my life bruises for which their jail loses
For nights you get import brass spillage
Black lung exhaust drunk thug love in a village
Not to get left is dust and bad x
Little girl trapped in a cage copying suicide threat
For us, actin our age means talkin like sex
And the weatherman's too drugged out to tell you when the sun sets
Label rock that man sold out with street props
For grabbin together old freestyles and radio drops
But when they pick up the album when a dead man walk
In fact A&Rs love it when the artist can't talk
People like us may confuse drugs crew
And revel in the static electric pain of paid dues
Who breath some pro blood and unrelated
I hover above the scrap trying to analyze and debate shit
But face the actual matter, your talk supported
Lay in the crease like evil in Steven Segal's forehead
This Sunday with my lazerface ways
Will stab a germ right in the heart of his motherfucking malaise like

Lazerface lazerface lazerface lazerface lazerface lazerface lazerface nights
Lazerface lazerface lazerface lazerface lazerface lazerface feelin all right
Lazerface lazerface lazerface lazerface lazerface lazerface lazerface days
Lazerface lazerface lazerface lazerface lazerface lazerface New York

I got a born again lust for the neon funk
Bright lights burning my mind tonight
I got a fly ass crew with a taste for fame
Bright lights burning my mind tonight
I got a wizard on the break mutilate the cut
Bright lights burning my mind tonight
I got a hundred thousand kids who respect the game
Bright lights! Bright lights! ah!

(Yo my name's Steve!
You're joining Spring Break, live from Beta Kappa Alpha...
I wanna hear El-P, he's really the best! YEAH!)

You know what though
I been wonderin
See I.. I've come to realize me and you girl
We been holdin onto this thing too tight see
Those blinking lights that we been staring at
I think they might be broken
I think we been waiting for something that isn't gonna come
And if that's the case... I'd rather cut my losses right now
Guess I'm afraid, afraid that if we don't stop
I think these lasers in my head might just spill out and fuckin melt something
And when there's nothing left but smoldering rubble and glass
When everything is silent like a hovercraft filled with dead actors in zip lock bags
When nothing left but a faint echo of our own beautiful busted legs
Well All I can say is that I tried to warn you..
I tried to warn you..

What can you do-o-o-o-o?

Picture a virus of frat-o-matic with sponsors
Little girl better flash nipples or the cameras might wander
This is your shot, close-up moment (slash) facial splat
Thanks a lot, be safe, be young, be sex
Be at Woodstock, kumbaya, be wet, belong, be raped
Be quiet bitch, oh my god controversy, MTV's concerned now
Big debate, ratings drop, thanks a lot
Back to spring break baby ratings hit top!
Ratings hit top!
Ratings hit top!
Ratings hit top!
Yo, it's your... centerfold dream
These lights can unfold to show you such a beautiful thing
Such a beautiful thing, such a beautiful thing
Centerfold dream
These lights can unfold to show you such a beautiful thing
Such a beautiful thing, such a beautiful thing