Um, um, woo, damn! woo!
Yo, yo

[Hook 1 - Akrobatik]
Let me see some heads noddin', fists pumpin', feet stompin'
Ass shakin', necks breakin', earthquakin', let's move!
Fuck a battle, we got nothin to prove, let's move!
Fakts One supply the people with the groove, let's move!

[Mr. Lif]
Hard tracks, remind me of blacks with scarred backs
These are facts, drownin in the swamp like Artacks (uh huh)
Boston to Fear Facts, chill, watch Miramax
Flicks, then I start to get sick, hail drop (uh huh)
Take 39, like the Hale-Bopp
Four teachers, one male cop
Then the atmosphere will get real hot (uh huh)

[Akrobatik]
My flow is like torrential downpours, makin steel rot
We pros, who's credentials drown yours, on the real blocks (uh huh)
It's not coincidental, that we cause some real spots
Appeal, god dammnit, never take it for granted (uh huh)
Write a memo and hand it to your receptionist
The game's about to change, here come The Perceptionists (uh huh)

[Mr. Lif] (Akrobatik)
I'm a genie, the next time you see me is ouija
It's easy, I'm foldin this dimension and breeze it (uh huh)
Invent horizon Miles Bennett Dyson
M. Tyson, M. Bison, the components for
(Two black orators) (uh huh)
Of the year
(Yeah, hear the masters of the hemisphere)
Universe
(Pumpin knowledge through the verse) (uh huh)
Intensity
(Adrenaline, hip hop's propellin through my melon and)
(Gentlemen, behold!)
Live on David Letterman (uh huh)
You're sold on the brother's whole song (uh)
You want to hear another verse? Everybody cool, ola! (uh huh)

[Hook 2 - Akrobatik]
Let me see some heads noddin', fists pumpin', feet stompin'
Ass shakin', necks breakin', earthquakin', let's move!
Fuck a battle, we got nothin to prove, let's move!
Perceptionists supply the people with the groove, let's move!

[Mr. Lif] (Akrobatik)
We want to show you what oppression is
So we'll speak in jail sentences
Three to five (twenty-five to life) (uh huh)
Mega trife, use a mega knife
To slice through the afterlife
So spill (so ill), so chill (so we'll) (uh huh)
Take you a rhyme adventure, mind dimentia, time to venture

[Akrobatik] (Mr. Lif)
Time to enter with the prime inventors
Of a solid center, the contential champions are stompin in your campin and
We positively lampin' in your spot (You're booted!) (uh huh)
Raise The Perceptionists flag, twenty-one guns saluted
Everyone's lungs polluted
Women and young included (uh huh)

[Mr. Lif]
Computers are ones recruited
Look how the hung maneuvered

[Akrobatik]
Strange fruit used to swing from the Southern trees (uh huh)
Now there's only leaves and those who laid the path are lovin these

[Mr. Lif]
Discoveries and the brother's free
Others beggin' please, for some empathy, enemy, there's no remedy

[Akrobatik]
We cookin' up that hot shit

[Mr. Lif]
But not sharing the recipe

[Hook 2] - 2X