[Verse 1: Killer Mike]
Reminiscin-in' on our time of innocence
When we drank that Hennessy, ate on lamb and venison
Face fucked you in your kitchenette, fucked you like we tusslin'
Do you fuck your husb-al-and? Like, do y'all be tusslin'?
Do you wear the muzzlin'? Do you ask him "Pretty please?"
Do you crawl on hands and knees, like you used to do for me
Oh, you such a dirty girl, the world won't let you be yourself
I won't accept nothing else, I be having none of that
You be takin' all of this, pleasure come from punishment
Your threshold astonishin', I think I'm in love again
Found my perfect drug again, feel better than heroin
You love my alpha arrogance, 2 Live Crew the narrative
And there it is

[Hook: Run the Jewels & Gangsta Boo]
I put that dick in her mouth all day
She got that (dick in her mouth all day)
She take that (dick in her mouth all day)
(She said she wanted my, wanted my)
Dick in her mouth all day, day
I give her that (dick in her mouth all day)
She play with that (dick in her mouth all day)
She want that (dick in her mouth all day)
I think I'm in love again (Love again)

[Verse 2: El-P]
Here I am, my love, just like when we first hooked up
Feeling like I'm animal, feeling like you're edible, bendable
I been away, I don't have too much to say
You say, "Say it anyway"
I say, "Take your shit off, I'm not playing, bae"
You little freak, what you are is so unique
Smart and full of filth and joy
You been with some little boys
Now you're with a grown-up man
One who'll actually understands
Kid gloves are not on my hands
I will never condescend, now spread yourself
She smiled a bit, gripped the outline of my shit
Oh, my god, I love this chick, I must put my tongue in this
Into every space I go, give me everything you am
She said, "No, you gimme first"
That was like a day ago, 8 a.m
She still got my

[Hook: Run the Jewels & Gangsta Boo]
I put that dick in her mouth all day
She got that (dick in her mouth all day)
She take that (dick in her mouth all day)
(She said she wanted my, wanted my)
Dick in her mouth all day, day
I give her that (dick in her mouth all day)
She play with that (dick in her mouth all day)
She want that (dick in her mouth all day)
I think I'm in love again (Love again)

[Verse 3: Gangsta Boo]
That's what you want, huh?
Well, let me tell you a little story
I had a young player from the hood, lick my pussy real good
Kept me stuck with lots of wood
Kept my bank account on swoll
Sniffed my pussy like a rose, smokin' on dro
Made a porn tape, that nigga is a pro, you ain't know?
He had a lot of bad bitches in his past
But I was the one who turned that boy into a motherfuckin' man
His tongue is bomb, and he love for me to ride his face
Front to back, grippin' ass
Pay my bills, where I live, fuck me good
Broke ass niggas killing me, I'm about my money, ho
Never been a square bitch, he ain't paying? Hit the fuckin' door
Talking slick, that Memphis shit, I be from that Haven clique
Keep it ratchet, so sweet, all these boys kiss my feet
I be on that queen shit, you better bless my realness
Stick your tongue up in my ass
You better show me who you fuckin' with
Run The Jewels, love again, you gon' lose, I'm gon' win
Let's have an orgy, I'mma share your ass with all my friends
(Yeah, ho!)

[Hook 2: Gangsta Boo]
He want this clit in his mouth all day
He want this clit in his mouth all day (Yeah, ho!)
I put my clit in his mouth all day
I've got this I've got this fool in love again (Yeah, ho!)
I put my clit in his mouth all day
I put my clit in his mouth all day (Yeah, ho!)
He want this clit in his mouth all day
I've got this fool in love again (Love again)
In love again