[Intro: Sample from [?]]
[?]: I've got a question
[?]: I've got a question

[Hook: Akrobatik and Mr. Lif]
Where are the weapons of mass destruction?
We’ve been looking for months and we ain’t found nothing
Please, Mr. President, tell us something
We knew from the beginning that your ass was bluffing

[Verse 1: Mr. Lif]
How unfortunate.  It wasn't what you thought it, kid.  In basic training
They taught you how to slay men as a starter kit
And you showed up with a gun to load up, hoping a college
Education's waiting, maybe a steady occupation
Now you weighing many lives against yours.  President’s wars
Got you on course with holocaust.  Sergeant is lost
General's boss.  Plans cross, now you in the crosshair
Of a sniper, shaky, scared, shot off your ear
Old, fucked up, down.  One round just hit him and it’s
From some young, yet expendable citizen
He's from the other side of the line, fighting for time
Time to see his kids walk, time to talk with his pa
Time to have a rational thought without the fear of being shot
Damn, his gun jammed.  Now you’ve got to bombard
It's a soldier's suicide slide.  Know you tried hard
To stay alive when you're catching fire from both sides
And we miss you at home.  It’s time the government truly left
You alone, dropped you off and popped one in your dome
Now we've seen it in Iraq and the Congo.  America's
Motto: kill their leader, then we make a stronghold

[Hook: Akrobatik and Mr. Lif] (x2)
Where are the weapons of mass destruction?
We’ve been looking for months and we ain’t found nothing
Please, Mr. President, tell us something
We knew from the beginning that your ass was bluffing

[Verse 2: Akrobatik]
I never thought of this the day that I enlisted: that I'd be dodging
Bullets, seeking weapons that never even existed
For someone else's personal beef, I’ll risk my health
While the commander-in-chief would never come and fight himself
I feel I'm being tricked even worse that the civilians
Nobody ever told me that we would be killing children
Feeling like the ones that sent me here are the psychotics
But if I say that out loud, I'm "unpatriotic"
But would Donald Rumsfeld back me up with the chrome?
Would Tom Ridge fight or would he stay secure back home?
And would Condoleezza Rice cover grenades in the foxhole?
I'm starting to believe what I was told is not so
What's the reason for the war?  I'm shooting
At these people that I got no animosity for
I wonder if I'm just a pawn in someone else's struggle
Or a hero even though I'm such a small piece of the puzzle
I know that when I finally return where I reside
I'll make up for the months my wife and moms cried
And carry on for all my fallen brothers who died
See, you can't take my pride ‘cause I'm a fucking soldier

[Hook: Akrobatik and Mr. Lif] (x2)
Where are the weapons of mass destruction?
We’ve been looking for months and we ain’t found nothing
Please, Mr. President, tell us something
We knew from the beginning that your ass was bluffing