[Intro: (Mr. Muthafuckin eXquire) Goldie Glo]
(Dream as if you’ll live forever)
(And live as if you’ll die today)
(Peel off)
Oh man
Yeah, word Goldie Glo
Main man, Mr. Muthafuckin eXquire
How you do there, baby, what’s happening? Uh
We going heavy on these hoes right now, you know what I’m saying?
Yellow Band bandits
Peel Off entertainment
We just doing the things you like to do
We’ll show you what we talking about

[Verse 1: Goldie Glo]
Motherfucker, fuck fame; we already famous
Motherfucker, fuck the game; we already players
Fill your shirt with blood stains, tote heavy stainless
All because you didn’t know what the fuck my name is
Bout the cash money bags, buckets full of duckets
Coat cut slabs, Louis Vuitton luggage
What a glamorous life, though my life’s on the edge
Think I got the death wish, living live on the stair
I couldn’t picture life with the feds cause I ain’t see em coming
Heard they put five on my head, and I ain’t see em running
You’ll never take me alive, motherfuckers
Stunting and gunning till the day that I die, motherfuckers
No time for fake bitches
I’m in and out the interstate with these real bitches
My trial and error just enough to make me kill these niggas
They smiling in my face a lot, but I don’t feel these niggas, nah
Get out the way, get out the way; don’t box me in
I heard the shot alone took his oxygen
Goldie Glo, motherfucker. I gots to win
I got the people counting on me like I’m the one
Heavy weight up on my shoulders. Did I drop something?
I’m walking through them dark valleys with night visions on
I try to paint my pictures clearer—and my vision’s gone
I try to paint my pictures clearer—and my vision’s gone

[Hook: Mr. Muthafuckin eXquire (Goldie Glo)]
I got no time for fake ones
Just sipping crushed grapes with my real ones
(From east to west, nigga, we be’s the best nigga)
(Retreat, unless niggas want beef, and we gon kill em)
I got no time for fake ones
Just sipping Georgi vodka with my real ones
(From east to west, nigga, we be’s the best nigga)
(Retreat, unless niggas want beef, and we gon kill em)

[Verse 2: Mr. Muthafuckin eXquire (Goldie Glo)]
I’m at my show, twenty niggas on the puny stage
Crowd chanting my name like Bolo at the kumite
EXqo bumaye, fluently doing inhuman things
I like big booty, took a week in prince, and [?] today
Life’s a crooked boomerang, and somehow, we still moving straight
My nigga, [?], got knocked, he told them coppers they could suck his dick
They say, “X, you wilin', got no job and no college degree
You running put of time—you 25 now, you not 17
All my mama all these doubting time [?] inside my [?]
Alter my reality like Inception, but that won’t [?]
Nigga, I’m not cowardly, got desire, not afraid
A list of things I got no time for—failure’s at the top of it
Operate off of Georgi vodka and a lot of hate
Do not debate. Nigga, I will knock you in your sloppy face
A lot’s at stake. Megalomaniacal thoughts inside my brain
Combined with frustration while I’m trying to get my life straight
It’s time we annihilate (all competition)
How the fuck can you deny I’m great? (nigga, you tripping)
You vagina hole, spineless snake (nonexistent)
(Big difference between being bitch and doing business)
I’m a psycho, a renegade (they think I’m tripping)
On the bible, everything I say (is nonfiction)
We ain’t kids no mo’. The cable box is flicking
That minute hand is ticking, my niggas, just skip the bullshit

[Hook: Mr. Muthafuckin eXquire (Goldie Glo)]
I got no time for fake ones
Just sipping crushed grapes with my real ones
(From east to west, nigga, we be’s the best nigga)
(Retreat, unless niggas want beef)

[Verse 3: Mr. Muthafuckin eXquire]
Now tell me, how did my dick get in your mouth when I don’t like men?
Spit it out—you got a problem with me, come fight then
I don’t address the bullshit, [?]
Sipping, drinking Henny out the gallon like it’s Poland Spring
Coasting, hoes all on my dick like they postin'
Middle finger frozen at all of those who opposin' me
I know that they only mad cause I’m all that they wanna be
He’s hurting it so so bad—you see what I’m becoming, G
Honestly, I just laugh cause I find the shit funny
The same nigga y’all thought was trash getting all of this money
And they bummy; they wanna run with me, but they can’t roll
Cause it’s like Bishop told Steel, we ain’t crew no mo'

[Bridge: Mr. Muthafuckin eXquire (4X)]
Feels like I’ve been through (it all)
With my back against (the wall)
If they wanna fight (me raw)
I might slip and I (might fall)
When life knocks me down (I crawl)
I ain’t slowing down (at all)
I’mma do this till (I’m gone)
Swear that I’mma show (em all)


[Finale: Mr. Muthafuckin eXquire]
[?] bullshit [?] rhyme about more [?]
Try, it’s useless, I look stupid, don’t know why I even do this
Bullshit time-consuming music [?] my life in a hole
[?] drop on my life would have been in cruise control
But no, I wanted something different, drifting, fixing on my visions
Had a good job, quit it, had a good bitch, we too different
Y’all don’t get it, I don’t get it, some shit you just ain’t supposed to get
That’s the part of life I think that most people don’t ever get