[Intro: El-P]
You and your whole fuckin canned groove will end tepid
So when I Pearl Harbor don't let me catch you intrepid
I'm tellin you the wishbone been broke in my favor, crumbcake your mistake
Enterprise and see Indelible, the number one feel-bad crew of the season
Just give me one reason to splash
I shall let the flag half mast, take time to wallow
Company Flow the toughest penis sucky sucky
So of course in an attempt to defend you end up on Kemp
Plus this Agent get Orange
E-L-P-F-C-F rock for you

[Verse 1: El-P]
First cousin to sleep, red dye number five be the potion
In the subterrean water from gem of fate like stop motion
Best to get ak-a-nickulous
Our masks aren't intangible, Automan vers' Manimal
We answer to no one, we 911
Silent alarm this is harm fear the duck of learning
El-P phase through these walls like Vision
Choked in the shallow water, a bad executive decision
Release the Kraken please put down your skin flutes
How could ya... motherfuckers think ya...
To this mercenary sunblock 2000 burner
All of your knowledge is truant, unlearn all of the shit
Then in overtime you become fluent, sell the fucking store
At the opposite end of the spectrum your career’s never no more
Enter the rectum and at twilight we'll skip stones and laugh about your poems
But a blood-red book when the others got funcrushed is a spot
The terror fabulously gets hot, Co Flow mossie
Walt Disney meets Keyser Soze
There will be no grand comebacks unless Lazarus or Kotter
Inflicted bitch styles indicate with stigmata
When locked in a box but you can't say Jack
Trying to paint them fucking red doors black
Like that spilled milk spoiled, while Ted Turner and Bill Gates rub each other Down with olive oils, Company Flow, fuck please
Bitch put away the fucking piteous punchlines
Blu Blockers break under the red light, belittled by my design
I don't try to be different, I am
So inevitably my style will survive when your now turns to then
El-P, vastly crapaphobic
3-2-1 Contact, never no more that's the promise
You hold toast, well I hold Thomas, golden nooks and crannies
Win my ticket raffled off the recycled thought shopping spree winner
Congratu-fucking-lations, I dropped it now you got it
But it's only a matter of time before Waldo gets spotted
Pulled out of the crowd and martyred, a good old fashioned stonin
My children, the professional has left the fuckin buildin

[Interlude]
Check check check check check one two

[Hook x3]
Until but for now
You can't get run at night
Curfews is issued in the daylight

[R.A. the Rugged Man *speaks over Hook vocals*]
Yo yo, who the FUCK think they know about this hip-hop shit?
These motherfuckin kids LIVE this shit
Live they fuckin LIVES
Who the fuck you think you are? Talkin bout this rap shit
These are the REAL motherfuckers (Population Control)
This IS the real hip-hop shit
Some shit that none of y'all faggot motherfuckers know about
That's word life!

[Verse 2: Bigg Jus]
The daylight goblin, even in the nights we rip shit up (Bless my soul!)
The two franchise players that make your whole squad look butt
Who brought the March Madness competition til October
Got you thinking that shit became a bit little harder
These niggas is fucking soldiers
Indelible mercenaries that's why ballin gets me on the nutsack
For the murderous intellect highly infectious on contact
You need to come quicker than that
To snatch the cheddar from the mousetrap
Small timer, it takes crazy engineering
To fuck with anything from quantum physics to thought transmitters
Next up be that over .400 switch hitter
Out the park Kingpin Dave couldn't do justice (Bless my soul!)
Pound for pound, it be these 2000 rap slugfests
Hardcore when future emcees fight future wars
But for now, I'm fightin a squad of super-whores
Butt-fucking invincible CoFlow skills for take-out
Where you can get the beef broccoli with extra duck sauce
The quick draw, intend to keep cops reachin for the bearclaws
Come meet the Coney Island intruder hit the arts way after midnight
Had a scheme for a burner etched out tonight in graphite
Apply the same ideology of b-boys demented to the mic
And scratch the sounds like a quarter inch bolt broken off
CoFlow, coming at you from every verse payola shit
Got stations blessin me off two thousand for every song minute
Secretly teach background vocals in R&B clinics

[Hook x3]

[R.A. the Rugged Man *speaks over all other vocals*]
Yo yo, this that MC shit
That shit talkin bout, every MC in this fuckin room is broke
Every one of em
We do this shit for the love of the music
That's word up, yo yo yo
Check this, fuckin' broke backers
When's the last time you battled somebody you faggot motherfucker?
Yo yo, yo Company Flow in the house
Yo, yo yo, yeah, eh-heh, a-hah, Rugged Man, hah
Lick my balls

[Outro: El-P {Big Juss}]
Population Control..
Population Control..
{CoFlow, 1997, Population Control, servin niggas}
Population Control..
Population Control.. (Bless my soul!)
Population Control..
Population Control..
Population Control.. (Bless my soul!)
(Hello, what's this?)