I'm back on the beat
Marked the return as complete
Got the crowd out of their seats
Cheering me on for the sequel as I begin to crank up the dry heat
You think I'm Captain Cold, well I'm not
I'm Mick Rory, I'm Heatwave, I'm hot
Spitting these bars as fast as the Flash
Playing two sides, I'm Rogue with more cash

Check your history textbook, I'm a Legend
Killed the Legion of Doom, Zoom feels threatened
Not even Hunter can hunt me, I'm destined
To live past death, and leave an impression
Got the Speedforce, and no one can stop me
Not Barry, not Jesse, not Wally
Not Jay, not Bart, not Godspeed
Vibing faster and higher than Goodweed

Try to keep up or you'll be abandoned like Bruce
My lyrics Two-Faced, I'm dealing in deuce
Twisted in riddles, I'm Nygma-infused
Assaulting on Arkham, Strange calling for truce
In League with the Shadows, my methods are cruel
Going Psycho like Pirate, my emotion's my fuel
I'm balling like Penguin, my bars are my tool
Resurrection so strong, just call me Al Ghul

(Woo!)
(Woo!)
Step into the spotlight! (Woo!)
(Woo!)

A god amongst men, my daughters from Krypt
My daughters: my muses, they know how to spit
The best of my mind, they inherit my wit
Strength against bullets, they're maxed out on VIT
Hit where it hurts, their aim is all green
Hacking your brain, they've formed their own team
Not Birds of Prey, but verbs of pain
Enjoying their freedom, not just this regime

Now the insurgence is here
Coming from there, to end pen n' despair
Cinderblock, writer's block, armed with a mental Glock
With a bullet aimed straight for the ear
Shooting to deafness and death
Feel the cold Steel on his breath
Shrouded in darkness by Beth
But don't forget the method as the Man of Steel acts Macbeth

We're seeing double, it's Flashpoint on speed
Worlds are colliding, take Firestorm's lead
Justice v crime, it's turning back time
All life re-routed to Manhattan's feed
It all comes down to a race against Thawne
Revert the new dawn, give Bar time to mourn
On the edge of uncharted, 5 feet from the drop
It's all gone to hell, if only Barry would STOP

(Woo!)
(Woo!)
Step into the spotlight! (Woo!)
(Woo!)

Knock-knock, it's the Rebirth
Can't hear? Too much reverb
I'm back, thanks to Rebirth
On the verge, bout to be hurt
Out of black, thanks to Rebirth
Can't speak, trying to relearn
Took this long just to rebirth
At last, I can be heard

Let's New 52 the flow a little bit

Double-edged mind, with an X on his face
Isolation of a man who sets his own pace
Disassociation, his mind is in two
As he grew up, his inner darkness grew
A Gift or a curse? He cannot escape
Fantasy fills thoughts, will he go Hulk or go ape?
Trapped like a Beast, intellect in a cage
Inner turmoil is graphic, escaping from the page

One side is Fire, the other is Ice
Used to work together, now a traitor pays the price
Can you imagine the Stryfe of a man against himself
Used to be an Archangel, now a Crawler from hell
What took him on this path? It's shrouded in Mystique
How does a man acclimatise after life as a freak?
How does a man find pain when it's answers he seeks?
How does a man live on when the Future's so bleak?

His pain is cerebral, took a life to discover
Another spent Rogue, cursed to life with no other
For even a lifetime alone has to end
Given the chance the heal, losing the chance to mend
Even a friend can see it's the time to concede
It's worth the bleed in order to be freed
Perhaps it's best to make this issue the last
Look back on it fondly, illness of the past