[Intro:]
It's the same murder!
You made out streets into what these people call the 'killing field!'

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
The motherfuckin' dust kicker, who can you trust?
Do you have the heart to see a nigga, before you bust?
My name is spoken on the tongues of so many foes
Bustin' motherfuckers out the box, I ain't even go!
Now how the hell do you explain my claim to fame?
From doin' flicks to bustin' tricks out the fuckin' frame
Got these bitches on my jock, niggas on my block
Jealous ass suckers got 'em duckin' from my smokin' Glock
And bustin' niggas asses is to stay alive
Skinny ass player watchin' bigger motherfuckers fry
They ask me how I'm livin', I'm a hustler
Buckin' busters 'til they die
Now it's on in the ghetto you ain't heard?
Niggas got they AKs headin' for the 'burbs
Aimin' at them skin headed bitches let it rain
Givin' 'em a wet welcome to the house of pain

[Interlude:}
"When you think -- when you really think about it, the challenge of racial tension in many levels; the level of violence, higher this year than last--"
"Our city is a war zone."

[Verse 2: Stretch]
Yo I'm hunting down this nigga and he know so he stressin'
He better count his blessings and get ready for this lesson
The Stretch 'bout to teach him when I reach him with the MAC
And lay that ass down on his motherfucking back, Jack
Slack is something that a nigga don't take
His mom run the church so I'mma see her at his fucking wake
Make way, the nigga paid me the other day
I'm fucking with my son and the nigga got somethin' to say
Hey! The nigga tried to diss, boy he got it twisted
He shoulda watched America's Most, I'm listed
For killing motherfuckers like him
So I'mma bring him to the House of Pain and kill him with a grin
Flim flam, god DAMN I'm not the one
Before I choke him and smoke him
I'm gonna smack him with my fuckin' gun
Son, you made your last mistake and I don't know your name
But welcome to the House of Pain

[Interlude 2:]
"In the second such case in recent memory, a Ross woman being charged with murder and the shooting death over the death of her daughter over a crack addict."

[Verse 3: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Coughing
Huh, the country bud got me chokin'
I'm on a mission to the point that motherfuckers think I'm smokin'
Yea that sick nigga Biggie wit the 8-shot fifth
Wit the extra clip for that extra shit
Don't you know that a killing is thrilling
All the blood spilling, is all a part of drug dealing
A born gangsta my daddy was a thug
Had a .38 wit the hollow point slug
So when he licked shots
Niggas dropped quicker than a bootlegger sells his liquor
A little nigga tried to squeeze .22's in my Reebok shoes
Payin' dues, while kids was on their one's and two's
Now I'm much older, colder, fuck a holster
Got the MAC-11 swingin' from my shoulder
It's a damn shame I got to put my momma through the strain
I'm livin' in a house of pain

[Outro:]
"He reportedly tried to hide behind a parked car and then beg for his life before he was killed."
"A hostage in Brooklyn rather suggests we have--"
"Grant said this morning he was kidnapped and held for ransom and strangled to death."
"They hurt us, humiliated us, took stuff for granted, stole from our--"