[Intro]
Bring that mic
See I'm about to talk a little crazy
Make sure there is no children around, no old folks
And I usually be real respectful
It's just that.. I HAD to do it
Nicki told me come get y'all


[Hook]
Look at y'all pitiful, typical, livin' with some bitch who call you sista you don't even know
Bitches
Look Look, Look At Y'all Bitches
Look, Look Look, (uh huh)
Look at ya’ll worn out, whored out, slored out, pussy walls tore out, all ya’ll bitches
Look Look, just look at ya bitches
Look Look

[Verse 1]
Said that she want some red bottoms
Give a little head
Gott'em .. no problem
Take a little trip
Leave your kids home while you get a little dick, type bitch
Thinkin' you slick
Tryn'a get rich, off a nigga like me type bitch
Know my real niggas gonna like this shit
They go'n love this shit
They go'n rock this shit
They like "Nicki she ain't even have to drop this shit"
But I got this shit, you can ask my clique
How many pretty bitches kicked out this bitch?
She just put a pic with a nigga up! (And the same minute, that's when she hit me up)
Talkin' 'bout Trigga when we gettin' up (and you know it's been a minute since we really fucked)
Get it up quick type bitch, in a whip type bitch, she don't leave a drip then you kiss that bitch type bitch

[Hook]

These hoes crazy, I swear out here
Selling ass and dreams, frontin' like queens but it ain't what it seem
Watch out for that
I've done seen these hoes jump table to table tellin' fibs and fable
These hoes ain't yours these hoes ain't mine nigga these are hoes are by design

[Verse 2]

And I ain't through with y'all bitches
Ain't nothin' new with y'all bitches
I hit a couple you bitches, then I'm through with y'all bitches ooh ooh my bitches
Like who is you talkin' to  crazy? Shit is it you that I'm talking to baby?
These bitches be broke and these bitches be crazy
These bitches be broke and these bitches be lazy
When you get your money on your own
(you ain't let a nigga do it)
That's when you can tell me that you grown
(what you think a nigga stupid?)
Look at y'all just turned dyke ass hoes
Ain't never used to be like that hoes
Look at y'all bad fiend bitches
Never get a penny if you ask me bitches
Waitin' on a nigga to come save you bitches
Ask God 'Oh Lord why he made these type of bitches'
Tell me where your daddy go?
I just wanna know...
Who raised these types of bitches
Man I hate these kind of bitches
And if you a good girl, don't be trippin' I ain't talkin' bout you I'm talkin 'bout these bitches

[Outro]
No disrespect at all to my women that are ladies, that carry themselves
Unlike these bitches, you know I ain't talking about you baby
I'm talking (Talkin' bout these bitches)
And I hate that I had to be so vulgar (Talkin' bout these bitches)
It's just that when I heard this shit, I found it an incredible time to say what's on my mind
Nicki What's up?
I love you baby
Uh
Trigga
Uh
Trigga