[Intro: Tinashe]
Love that n-
Love
Love that never ends
You...

[Verse 1: Tinashe]
Can we pretend
That everything is like yesterday
What if I just wanna feel you touching me?
Ain't nobody perfect
So if you take a while to make it worth it
I wanna pretend
Let's pretend that we 'boutta break up
To catch the feelings that way we make up
Legs up, suicide, north side
We never count points when we courtside

[Pre-Chorus 1: Tinashe]
Let's pretend I ain't your friend
So we can get it on again
Let's pretend we never met
A good excuse to play forget
Let's pretend you never lied
So I can give it up all night
Swallow my pride, and learn to forgive
When I'm looking for love I pretend

[Chorus: Tinashe and Jovan]
It's you
(Out of the blue keep thinking bout you
What you really know: you have no clue.)
A love that never ends
(Eyes just lies, up into the skies
Daydreaming as the time flies by)
I pretend it's you
(Out of the blue keep thinking bout you
What you really know: you have no clue.)
That I'm in love with
(Eyes just lies, up into the skies
Daydreaming as the time flies by.)

[Verse 2: Tinashe]
If we pretend that I'm happy when I'm really not
Pretend that I give you everything I've got
Pretend that I'm there when I ain't there
Pretend that I care when I don't care
Once upon a time, I did
Now I admit that I was fucking with a kid
Now I pretend that everything's straight
When everything just ain't just covered up like paint

[Pre-Chorus 2: Tinashe]
Let's pretend it's my first time
So you can really blow my mind
Let's pretend we never met
A good excuse to play forget
Let's pretend you never lied
So I can give it up all night
Swallow my pride, and learn to forgive
When I'm looking for love I pretend

[Chorus: Tinashe/Jovan]

[Verse 3: Jovan]
Tears had fell down like waterfalls in my left eye
I try to smile, and then use it as my disguise
And despise, all the replies, that I got from your text
It’s a surprise that I'm looking forward to seeing what is next
I get nervous, to myself, with the hurt that is bottled up
In my defense it don't make sense, and that is why I fuss
But you want me modeled up into imageries that just sucks
But to industries that’s enough but I can’t, I cannot trust, I
Can’t leave you alone, I know you need me
You can’t leave me alone, I know you fein me
Let's pretend, can you stimulate my mental?
Just be a little gentle when you're rubbing on my temple? It's real simple
I wanna be appreciated than infatuated
Because no communications lead to, more complications
I'm just saying, stop pretending, and make more changes
Cuz you know that stuff gets old, the world so cold
Time froze. Suppose, lets hold tighter than a mold
Unfold so we grow, let's do it, one for the road
Two for the money and three for the show
It's music to my ears that is sweet to my soul
Cuz all I'm really thinking bout is... You! You!

[Chorus: Tinashe/Jovan]

[Outro: Tinashe/Jovan]
(Can we pretend?)
Pretending that you paved a way within these waves
Share the world with me for more than a day
I profess I guess this conquest was my test
And even though I rest, it strengthened me for the best
(Can we pretend?)
But we can only pretend, like we were lovers again
And flip back into the mode of reality
To see our greater tragedies
(Can we pretend?)
Let's pretend