[Intro: Bobby Shmurda]
Ah ah ah its your boy Bobby Shmurda aka I think that I'm Tom Cruise man
Straight out the motherfuckin tombs, man Ah ah ah
Free all my real niggas, ya heard, SHMIGO!

[Hook]
What you talkin’ bout nig? What you talkin’ bout nig? (what!)
Your bitch with me she lyin’ (your bitch!)
What you talkin’ bout nig? (what you talkin bout nig?)
What you talkin’ bout nig? (what you talkin bout nig?)
What you talkin’ bout nig? (what?)
That Roly, them bezel, them diamonds  (ice)
What you talkin’ bout nig? (what you talkin bout nig?)
What you talkin’ bout nig? (wh-wh-what)
What you talkin’ bout nig? (what you talkin bout nig?)
Your bitch with me, she lyin’ (your bitch!)
What you talkin’ bout nig? (she lyin)
What you talkin’ bout nig? (what you talkin bout nig?)
What you talkin’ bout nig? (what)
That Roly, them bezel, them diamonds
What you talkin’ bout nig?

[Verse 1]
I'mma testify, pulling up in a drop top
Bad bitch with her ass out, got 32 zip from the trap my nigga
Reworking the work yea my demos official
Lil nigga what you talkin’ bout?
They mad that I made it and I keep in the trap house
You cuffing that bitch, I ain’t buying her Louis
How many times I told that bitch I ain’t doing it?
What you talkin’ nig, what you talkin’ bout nig?
My squad got killers
I’mma hit that ho but you gon’ kiss her
Real money gon’ flip her
How many times I told you nigga’s quit lyin?
Look at me, real diamonds
Walk in the room and you blinded
Haters can’t stop me from shining
I don’t need no label
Back then was broke I ain’t had no cable
Riding around like the Mayor, the back of the bentley two player
Streaming the lead out the lake, rich nigga my house is on acres
I'm seeing uncommon behavior, pack up then go to Jamaica

[Hook]

[Verse 2]

Picture us without the money
All my bitches they trap cross the country, ain't talkin' bout nun
Got shooters on the roof I don't need no gun
I can whip it in a pot. I can whip it in a skillet
Young nigga gon' get it
Get a hole in my dope imma Make her flip it
Putting bricks in the civic
Got the Streets on lock what you talmbout
Nigga I drink lean not liquor rich nigga
I'm smoking big gas, 4 grand one swisher
Pull out my pocket gon' swole up
All the reason my money gon' fold up
My niggas still whipping the coca
Put a hole in your head like a donut(KLA KLA!)
Trappin and divin in mason margiellas
All of this ice you gon' need you a sweater
Bitch I been frozen in every weather
Pocket rocket I got heavy metal
What you talmbout nigga what you talmbout nigga
I got the baby no sitter
They callin me up for a chicken dinner(rich!)