[Hook: Cam'ron sample]
In Chi I'm mike
Boston I'm Kenny
Miami I'm Timmy, in Phoenix I'm Penny
Where my thugs with the hollow tips
Girls that acknowledge it
Polish it, after that swallow it

[Verse 1: King Chip]
Yeah, whassup bitch
Let me hear all that tough shit
Naw nigga don't get scared now
I heard niggas saying, "Fuck Chip"
Like, "That nigga must be a lame, yo!"
"Why you ain't got no chain on?"
"Wonder how you got them J's on..."
"Aw damn, I ain't see them rings tho."
Niggas ain't playin' no games ho
Turn yo soul to an angel
I done had so much to say, Ion mind going to jail yo
Sticking to the script like velcro, got bullets that's bigger than elbow
Naw nigga I ain't never sell blow, and if I did nigga what would I tell ya fo'
Cause real niggas move in silence, niggas only respect violence
You gotta Rollie, but you don't what time it is?
Gimme that nigga, this my shit, yeah how you like me now?
Turtle wax me up, then wipe me down
Niggas talking 'bout they hungry, wow. No wonder they bite my style
All the hoes love me, if you hatin' on Chip then you hatin' on money
Cartier champagne, I know you ain't never had that honey
Yo broke ass, I hate yo fake eyelashes
You won't be living off my cash, you ain't the only bitch wit' lots of ass
And a flat stomach, and cold swag, and face like a Goddess
Chip don't fuck wit' broke hoes, Ion give a fuck how fine you is
If they say they see me, its cause they don't see me often
Pull up on you while you walking and make you Macaulay Culkin
Naw bitch I ain't gon' ask you, I know you want me to harass you
Here bitch take my number, text me a picture of that ass too
Ask around I'm is the man, love weed like hoes love Instagram
Casey and that nigga Chip, hell yeah nigga this the Jam

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Casey Veggies]
I'm rollin' five deep. Five tries, fine me
I'mma stuck up guy girl call me "Papi"
In the back of the club, I ain't show no ID
Eighteen, mo' cream than yo fuckin' daddy
Girl I can be your sponsor, put you on to somthin' proper
This what I call a wave, make that shit live doppler
Three racks, bring the squad in
Papa get that shit poppin'
Watch us. Look what we rockin'
Met a girl straight from Compton and my homegirl function
Life is like a strip club, I'm just throwin' dollars
If she ever throw it back, I'll pick it up. Pop my collar
I ain't trippin', money high, sittin' low
Takin' her in, give it and go
Never pretend, do it fa'sho
So historical, I'mma young legend
Pray to God I go to heaven, stay grinding like 7-11
That's Kobe Bryant, 24. 42 Mill when I'm twenty-four
Stack it real high, watch her get low
That's real life, this how the shit go
That's my dream, killed my scene
These hoes can't see me, they need visine
Swaggin' for the masses, drop it slow like molasses
Young Veggies 'bout that cabbage, if some niggas ever asking
Speedin' straight, pedal smashin'
I'm just caught up in the rapture

[Hook]