[Intro]
A Nigga like me man…
I love the game, I love the hustle
I be feeling like one of them ball playing niggas you know like bird, magic or something
Yeah you know a nigga got dough
A nigga could leave the league...
But if i leave..
Are the fans still gon love me man?
I done sold coke on these streets man hash,weed,heroine
As long as niggas was feeling it a nigga like me could hustle it
Aiyoo its my gift in life A... you know?

[Roc]
Word Up! niggas still hustle too dont get it fucked up baby Marcc Villa my nigga unh this shit gangsta right here nigga nah mean? thats how we ride nigga! boy yeah ungh

[Verse 1]
Red ink, a sphinx, with bitches having drinks
I'm working out the kinks
The weed stinks, tending the chickens in a clean sink
Are we in sync? I think I need a shrink
Minerals from A to Zinc
Grey minks, gators is pink
A player's wink, a trill filled on his wheat
Two semis in the benz jeep, skin the sheep
I'm unique, the tech 9 sleep by the obliques
Spearhead the operation with patience
You trying to taste what's in the cake mix (ungghh)
Rock the cake that gave me lift like Blake Griff
It's not a myth, ignorance is bliss
We take risks, fornicate taste the baked fish
Shapeshift, faceless the eight six
Break swift, the niggas hate they ain't shit
Liquidate the chain and the bracelet

Bang bang nigga
You think the shit a game it, ain't a game nigga
You think the shit a game it, ain't a game nigga
You think the shit a game it, ain't a game nigga
You think the shit a game it, ain't a game nigga

[Verse 2]
Jug of jumbos, drop a O inside the crime gumbo
Ducking Columbo, play the bungalo
That's the honey comb
Long gun, call it Mutombo
The money never run low, we unload
Young Marilyn Monroe stumble out the Gran Turismo
Rocks flood the Hublot, it's true though
Name  hold weight like a sumo
Smacked with the Mac double uno
Then I attack the bubble culo
Enjoy the nude show
She want a buck, I run a shrewd ho
White Clarks with the blue soles
Squeeze tools read the news
My Puerto Rican muse treat the moons with the cubes
Beef stew the baby seafood
Dim setting, Otis Redding, my coat is shedding
The G code is stone embedded
I drew the line, don't overstep it
Find you in a hole out in the desert

Bang bang nigga
You think the shit a game, it ain't a game nigga
You think the shit a game, it ain't a game nigga
You think the shit a game, it ain't a game nigga
You think the shit a game, it ain't a game nigga