[Scratched: "The U.N."]

[Verse 1: Laku]
I'm all about making it happen, kid, instead of yappin'
The cheddar stack, cat, I get it crackin', bringin' the action
Center of attraction
Late night on the creep trashin'
Mashin' the party crashin'
Rap with a passion
Not a quitter or a forfeiter
One of them raw rap cats with hollow point rhymes comin to hit ya
I'm targeting my shot at all them fake rappers
Them fake wannabe gun clappin' cats claimin' they the baddest
Claimin' that they ran the streets ragged
Knowin they chillin hard in the Village up in the gay bar talkin' to faggots
I'm not a gangsta, and I'm not a thug nor a Blood or a Crip
Strugglin' brotha tryin to hard to get rich
I've been nice in this hip hop shit from way back when
Days of The Jeffersons, Good Times to What's Happening!
You niggas want beef? Then call my name out
Still rockin' the Mecca and the Soul Brother like it just came out

[Verse 2: Mic Raw]
Let's get it on, Lebanon, strong as an ox
And I spit flows blowin' up yo' audio box
Document my style, cool when I rock
And I rush like the bus followin' my blocks
G's up, I'm on the set, y'all niggas freeze up
I make dirty dollars, turn 'em in to clean bucks
My stocks rise, it's cool, it's no surprise
And them laws, the rules you make, I straight defy
Rebel in the highest form, the fifth born
Gully nigga on the track screamin' "It's on"
Stop the DAT, rewind that
Thoughts, combine that
Criminal minds and rhymes, underline that
Dollar dollar, street scholar, flow then ya follow
Expert, puttin' in work for the next saga
So yo, get your lean on
Flows you fiend on
Fuckin' with U. and N., the 2000 phenom

[Hook]
Yeah, U. and N. sound greater than great
Still though, holdin' my gizza knot, my name hold weight
And you can bet your bottom dollar money mo' I make
Let's get this cake
Son do what it takes

Yeah, U. and N. sound greater than great
Still though, holdin' my gizza knot, my name hold weight
And you can bet your bottom dollar money mo' I make
Let's get this cake, c'mon

[Verse 3: Dino Brave]
Hold up...pause for the cause, you know
You could call it telephone love tap
High explosive experiment
Situate a press up, bless up
What's up with you? What you talkin'?
Pocket fill when it feel
Yeah, it's good, like you should
I'm Dino, begs no pardon
Borrow no lending, begs no friends
Ya hear me, all my mens love women, raw
Links with mami Cuban or takes me back to Union
Baby girl got cousins and now one of 'em frontin
U.N. check her flagging me down faster than sound
How we quick to pick me up in that Lex iced edition
State your position, back jabbin this bone wishin
Miss don't have me went missing
Put in everything, Dwight Gooden-nuff talk
You can have a ball and go walk
Hear me now, feel me later
Later, Dino Brave's smooth and then paid
Feelin' this chick up, keepin' the stick up
Fire for candlestick and trick a wick up

[Verse 4: Roc Marciano]
A verbal contract with life was put out on you
Now the harsh facts circle your world at
Allah you like a wise author
Sci-fi writings and novels
Sliding over potholes
Play King Arthur inside my brothel
The size of waffles gunshot holes
Blowing like the U.S Marshal or Louis Armstrong
I knew when the fog's gone, ya spotted
And at the same time ya shot at
Frollic with raps and fiber optics
Like 4,5,6, hard to get at
Sharp as an axe
Order jockage
Harm a trizzack, try and be modest
Fiery thoughts burn like L's of chronic
Make your lungs black, sip gold hell in a bottle
Blow L n' send him a hollow, that's on the house
Compliments on my corner morale, how I get down
Chase his ass round like cat and mouse
You feel my passion?
Fuck life if I ain't mackin'
Niggas wanna see me stagnant
Similar to two magnets
We can never be a package
A printed jewel up, show my crew love
Before this rap shit, who could fool us?
Beautiful lust
Don't think I'm too cool to bust
Loot and do drugs
Who's who? Few knew it was fool-proof
But true it was, crime organizer
Forty-fiver
Hit your Porsche up, fuck you in lava
Hit them to my product
Just a taste was life threatenin
Stretch his limbs out to five separate ends
Pray on my fall and every sense
Like I don't know it
I hold Macs posing in flicks like DeNiro in Ronin

[Hook]
Yeah, U. and N. sound greater than great
Still though, holdin' my gizza knot, my name hold weight
And you can bet your bottom dollar money mo' I make
Let's get this cake
Son do what it takes

Yeah, U. and N. sound greater than great
Still though, holdin' my gizza knot, my name hold weight
And you can bet your bottom dollar money mo' I make
Let's get this cake