[Intro: Roc Marciano]

Uh, I hide my tears
They think
They think it’s all smooth

[Hook: Smoked Sugar’s “Keeping Up My Front” Sample (Roc Marciano)]

I hide my tears (nah) from the crowd by smiling (I smile, I smile baby)
I go out and spend my money so they can see me styling, (Yeah. Look at me. I’m styling)

(Feast yo eyes, bitch)

[Verse 1: Roc Marciano]

No cash, smoke grass with my broke ass
Writing raps in notepads
Niggas ain’t got no swag
No soul, no class
Hoes see the gold Rolex
Bitches on the bozak, know that
On my case like Kojak
My format, in a room, all black, playing Bobby Womack
In the streets like a nomad
4-4 mag in the coat, black
More crack, those stacks
Hoes sipping cognac
How to colmate
Stone cold mac, bitch on the flow back
Road max
Limbs don’t grow back when a nigga’s bones crack
Drag a nigga on his own track so bad he gets road rash
Elastics, pro cash, we tryna get more bread
Whack niggas eat a dick like co-cash from co-pay
Catch me, I'm so bootleg
So I get Frank Lopez
Still spit it so grotesque
Don’t protest cuz I hold Teks
In my low sweats, you’re no threat
Bitch you’re like a Bowflex
Model chicks on Prozac
Lil’ homie that’s just show biz

[Hook: Smoked Sugar’s “Keeping Up My Front” Sample (Roc Marciano)]

I hide my tears (I hide my tears) from the crowd (nigga) by smiling
(The fuck you know about this, man? It’s the business baby, welcome to it)
I go out and spend my money (yeah, spend it all baby) so they can see me styling
(Look at the watch, bitch. When’s the last time you see some shit like this. Feast your eyes, eat your heart out, fucker)

[Verse 2: Roc Marciano]

I’m back again, Carhartt hats to match the Timbs
Chumps fall back
I tap their chin like Jackie Chan, with the black Mac-10
Masculine, yeah that’s the man, El Capitan
Roll L’s, I’ll blow past the feds
On the trans-am, but an Astro van
Master plan, cash in my hand
Fly light gear from Dapper Dan
Kicks from the young man, half a gram
Crack is 10, black man dance
Attract the fans, clap your hands
Unstrap your pants
Rap cats don’t stand half a chance
Got big gats back at the ranch
Fat cat like half of Queens
Bags of green, stacks of Ki’s
Bitch, fat ass in the acid jeans
Complexion like Cask and Cream
Big lips, half ass and lean
Sit back, have a seat
Big chips like Master-P
After weeks she was glad to be
Giving me the cheese and the master key
Act-u-all-y, cats should beat it
Bitch I don’t rap for free, that fee
That’s for me, grab a chee
Pass it please then your ass can leave
Bounce. Immediately. My motherfucking money

[Hook: Smoked Sugar’s “Keeping Up My Front” Sample (Roc Marciano)]

I hide my tears from the crowd
(playing with my motherfucking cash baby, somebody gonna get bust in their fucking head)
By smiling, (Shit, ain’t smiling now though)
I go out and spend my money (spending money baby) so they can see me smiling
(Styling. Always. Look at my shit nigga, I’m draped)

[Outro: Roc Marciano]

Faggot ass niggas, man, what the fuck do you know about that?
Snake skin down to the ground, ridin’
Yeah, I know you think it’s easy cuz you see me shining
Ma’fucker it ain’t easy though
Shit, I put some work in baby to look like this
Motherfucker, see you at the top, motherfucker
At the top

[Production by Roc Marciano]