[Sample]

The vocal mechanism of man. Here, sound waves, result from vibrations of air that start in the vocal fold of the trachea. These waves are reflected back and forth in the cavities of the mouth, nose and head. Complex sounds of speech and song

[Verse 1- Solace]

Turn mics to scrap metal
Niggas scared to raise the track level
Keep the cypher spinning like a fast pedal
So called "rebels" never step a foot in the ghetto
Claim they dancing with the devil
Type of talk is all treble
Dialect from analects
While you rely on sound effect
Paint a masterpiece, rearranging the alphabet
Words put together like a Swiss timepiece
You miss the meaning of life if you miss my speech
I'm God- spitting images, man from the original land
Put on this planet just to finish the plan
Let alone, my poems carved in Rosetta Stone
Better shone, when I welcome niggas to the Terror Dome
Divine, when you're given the sign
Let it enter your mind
Respect the architect's clever design
Loudmouth MC niggas turn into mime
Run out of ink, I'll slice a fingertip and finish the rhyme

[Hook- Sample]

Complex sounds of speech and song. The vocal mechanism of man. Here, sound waves, result from vibrations of air that start in the vocal fold of the trachea. Complex sounds of speech and song

[Verse 2- Oprime39]

Thoughts transformed, hurricane rain when I brainstorm
Spit the upper vine, no cure, wiping the floor
With competition, renditions got you changing decisions
With inner visions of pitching product for proper living
Flushing, Queens in your area
Sick as malaria, hundred proof juice couldn't tear me up
Let alone a rival, my arrival's vital
Quoted in the Bible, brainwaves form a tidal
Survival, Intellectual Idol
Here to make change cause the game lame
Originality, we maintain, niggas mimicking the same thing
Olympic caliber team, repping the scene, Beijing
Peep the wild style when we bomb
Never calm on a song, treat it like it's Vietnam
Son, I seen it all, Cop Killa Queens phenomenon
Now get it on and ride quicker than the Autobahn
Word is bond!

[Hook- Sample]

The vocal mechanism of man. Here, sound waves, result from vibrations of air that start in the vocal fold of the trachea
Complex sounds of speech and song

[Verse 3- Roc Marciano]

I'm folding knits, holding my dick, stroll with a limp
Throwing M's, let 'em blow in the wind
You go to the gym while I'm loading them in
The leg 10 exploding your limps
The next thing, go for the fence
With the gold Benz lower the tints
Mack 10, big stone in the ring
Keep a bad ho in the wing
Rolling the weed, stroking the meat
Toting the heat, soaking the feet
Close to a peep, you hoping to peak
Over the heap but it's over your reach
You know them OT, take over the streets
Break open your knee, tape over your beak
Rake over the cheese, flamethrower your T
I'm back on my Ray Liotta degrees
Spray your team that be low in the jeep
And hand the 380 over to G

[Timeless Truth & Roc Marciano]

Word up, Timeless Truth
That's what it is, nigga
You know what I'm saying? Representing the real
Queens!
My nigga, Solace, what's good, baby?
What up, what up?
Roc Marciano!
Yes sir
U-N gang
We in this muthafucka
Timeless, baby!
Corona!
Word up, word up
They ain't know, now they know, muthafuckas
Ha! We out like that