[Sample]
Why did I leave the ones that loved me
The ones that loved me
Why did I leave

[Verse 1: Roc Marciano]
Check it
Customised pins, wise men, I'm tied in
The environment I'm in is like a lion's den
The tie ride in to the thigh length, I'm one with the climate
Pull a crocodile out the closet... I got it
Catch ya bum ass slippin way out in Hollis
Get swatted in ya squatter, wet em up like a otter
Play the Ramada, take a bow right after the drama
Word to the father, got real roots like Tariq Trotter
Mosaic, the coke weigh it, the bottle rosé it
The heat's gold-plated, the feet are Dolce
Track up the beat I might OJ it
If niggas is role playin and ho payin, I'm fo-fo sprayin
The coat I'm wearing's Australian
I'm not not gon tell ya
Cut off your genitalia then hit the Lord & Taylor
Lord as my shepherd I'm putting forth the effort
I just wanna afford the extras... uh
Twin six shooters, life's like a Western
I'm tryina cop the mansion, play the West Wing
Break a bed spring, forty acres of lake break out the jet skis
Muhfucka

[Hook]
Sometimes this world is so lonely and cold
Cold... cold...
Sometimes this world is so lonely and cold
Cold... cold...

[Verse 2: Roc Marciano]
Yeah
Still play the graveyard shift, step in dog shit
Sell soft shit, my whip float like a swordfish
My wrist and neck frostbit, Le Coq Sportif
Send some shots lift you off your feet like a forklift
I hang glide off the cliff with just a trench on
Drop your body off at Crenshaw
Bang the young whore from Singapore
Squeeze till my fingers are sore
Sing a song like My Cherie Amour... uh
Tan in the winter, steamed salmon for dinner
The air's thinner, never let the beef simmer, or let the beast get us
Piece is scissored lizard, so much white it's a blizzard
I'm a street wizard, kill a beef, don't leave a witness
Not a sibling, beat the system
My shooters deep, I might assist em
When death kissed em, your soul flow off into the solar system... uh
Greeted by ancestors, gangbangers making hand gestures
Let ya chest catch a Winchester
Little niggas is out to pull that Willie Manchester
You get put out on a stretcher
Muhfucka

[Hook]
Sometimes this world is so lonely and cold
Cold... cold...
Sometimes this world is so lonely and cold
Cold... cold...
Sometimes