[Intro: Roc Marciano]
Uh
Marc', baby
Bitter dose, chuuch
Live nigga shit, not that weirdo shit, know what I'm saying?
Play by the book, kid, you know?
Not that weirdo shit, niggas think they can come into the game, change the rules
You know what I'm saying?
It's always little, little corny niggas, no rules
No morals and ethics
I'm going to set the record straight, man
These little suckers, man
[?] shit out on one of you little niggas, man

[Verse 1: Roc Marciano]
Cash niggas gotta get
Check the bag
That shit kinda big
Bitches out here trying to sabotage a pimp
I spit from the passenger side of the whip
Splash the shit
That's a big reminder, daddy, that I'm not your friend (not friends)
Maserati drop top not bad for some project kids
Got a stash spot to keep the product in (uh)
Rock designer, I'm the Prada king (uh)
It's all simple math, mami, this is not geometry (no)
You printing money, I'm the dollar tree
They praise the god, it's like idolatry
When the waters got choppy, I was in the driver's seat (facts)
Steer my family out of poverty
Now my links entwined within my taco meat (whew!)
Niggas beats and rhyme flows is cheap, like some Paco jeans (uh)
Catch me standing over pots whipping, these not collared greens
Chopping game with no karate gi
Beat the pussy up like Rodney King
Chopper hiding in the closet like some kind of freak mind
Call it Bobby V
If you love me then buy me a V
Was never love, why would I be naive? (why?)
My team we got it out the mud
Y'all niggas got y'all money clean (suckers)
Behind the scenes, niggas funny, son
Sons never chummy-chummy like it seem (fake shit)
Lil' monkeys trying to front, I thought I told you not to speak (the fuck up)
Lil' monkeys trying to front, I thought i told you not to speak (preach)

[Sample: Reverend H. Wolfe & Roc Marciano]
We come today
To let you know (I told you not to run your fucking mouth, boy)
Love hides all faults (Know what I'm saying?)
Reason why we say love hides all faults (Tell them why, talk to them)
One day, when I was lost in a world of sin (Mm! OK)
God so loved the world (Whew, I feel like Jesus out here, black Jesus)
He gave his own begotten son to die (Uh!)
Then, his son loved the world so much (Yes, he did)
He gave his life for you and I (Whew!)
That's why we can tell you love hides all faults

[Outro: The Holy Light Jr's Sample]
Oh, love hides all faults
Hey, hey
Love hides all faults