[Verse 1]
No matter the platform, the hoes gon' clap for him
The Maybach's black like daddy Jaguar
I played the back like I was blackballed, uh
Clapping the four like Tony up in Club Babylon
I'm like the new Don "Magic" Juan
Y'all niggas rapping wrong, I had the long mink jacket
I had to laugh it off (Ha, ha, ha)
The shit niggas had on was half off (Bum shit)
Fuck all the back and forth, I blast for sport (Blast for sport)
Drag a Newport, got one or two plugs, Pos and Trugoy
Where I'm from, niggas shoot you for cool points
All I gotta do is point, you get two in your fly Puma joint
With the two tool, boy, made beautiful noise
Blew some coins, y'all niggas null and void
I was always a Playboy, look at momma's baby boy
I'm out here makin' noise
Breaking hoes, playing with toys, he got poise
But still, this shit is not by force, it's by choice

[Chorus]
(It's, uh, by choice)
Who does the song? Who rides the Rolls Royce?
(Swig up, I don't do nothing I don't wanna do)
Who does the song? Who rides the Rolls Royce?
(For real, baby, fuck, we done playing, nigga)
Who does the song? Who rides the Rolls Royce?
(Hundred block, boy, how did we get to this point?)
Who does the song? Who rides the Rolls Royce?

[Verse 2]
Stashed the M16 in the clean limousine
Stick come with the beam, you get hit in the bean
Seen, hopped in the BM, made the engine scream
The Bentley mint green, I need a pinky ring
The niggas straight rinky-dink, who you kiddin'?
You ain't pretty, nigga, we run the city, kiddy must think he me
He had to be on PCP, the MP, it don't hold BBs
Throw at least 3 at your 'Lo beanie (Uh, uh, bah, bah, bah)
Oh baby, stay close to your old lady, I roll Mercedes
No hoe can play me in some cold Stacey’s, the day be
You hold the 40 Colt shaky, get home safely (Uh)
Spray the spot up where you get coffee
Don't talk to me, and if you do, softly, I get disorderly
I should be quarantined on morphine
I know more fiends that's all for cheese
When I was 14, I had the Jordan 3s

[Outro]
Uh, now I cop all the Ps
All the bitches, all the wine, you know all that shit, nigga
Yeah, boy, it's like that, fuck nigga
Spray shit up real quick, nigga
You know, TMB, turn money blue
Pimpstead, nigga, what up