[Intro: Pumpkinhead]
This is the remix—let’s go!

[Verse 1: Pumpkinhead]
En garde, draw your weapon, put it to a test
I'm a swordfish that'll carve a P in your chest
I shit on rookies and pee on the best
Do it to Def like Mos did, when he had no kids
And I refuse to lose my hunger, I'll eat 'til I get so big
It'll look like I got no ribs
I'm not scared of these thugs that bust blank shots like they don't jizz
Fo' shizz, half of you [snot-racks?] don't know what dope is
Here's the prime example, exhibit A
I collide a candle just by rhymin’ at you, so I spit away
Spit split wigs—not a barber but I give a fade like scissor blades
Lyrics spray and ricochet off your frickin’ face
I'm in the place like I just got reprimanded
So strong—when I give pounds, dudes get mad ‘cause I'm heavy-handed
This is high-powered, full voltage, tilt the meter
From a swordfish that'll poke a hole in your speaker
Me and Roc Marc’ stop y’all with hot darts
That sizzle through your vest, making a mess of a cop’s heart
On top charts with all them platinum plaques
The phantom is back, shaking cats with the cantankerous scrap
You swimming with sharks that smell the blood on your clothes
And remember when in my zone, hell is hot and heaven’s closed
This is Pumpkinhead repping The Plague—that’s my unit
Brooklyn Ac’s my group and, [?] always, the movement

[Hook: Pumpkinhead] (x2)
Can you catch it?  Got it, caught it.  Can you spit it hot, retarded?
Can you flip it back and forth, rip a track in half and toss it?
Do it 'til there's no one left, from the stage to the office
You a guppy in hot water, duelin’ with a pair of swordfish

[Verse 2: Roc Marciano]
Yo, look up, nigga.  I spit that [dark?] shit
[?], under the armpit
Roll dope, bump, blao!  Let off a cartridge
You don’t want no conflict, my squad is heartless (yeah!)
Mean swagger, fight game like Marvin Hagler
Save all that abracadabra
Half-ass rap blabber, hack off a rat’s bladder
For that matter, jeah!
I rip it and run it across states
Gripping the gun in my North Face
Slip you the tongue and it’s all cake
Skip court dates.  Y’all like to portray
It’s more clear than broad day
Came a long way from slinging in hallways
Two for five, not treys.  Utilized the mind, got paid
[Grind?], rock the fine grain when my time came
Write rhymes with wide range—it’s a mind game
Roll the footage—this is as good as it gets
All the niggas in your hood’ll get hit (blao!)
With all them bullets up in the clip
I can make positive music, but that ain’t how I do it
Politics won’t destruct the movement.  Swallow dick fluid
All that good shit—hollow tips included
Getting suited with two model bitches that’s Cuban
Harpooning ‘em like Cupid, stupid

[Hook: Pumpkinhead] (x2)
Can you catch it?  Got it, caught it.  Can you spit it hot, retarded?
Can you flip it back and forth, rip a track in half and toss it?
Do it 'til there's no one left, from the stage to the office
You a guppy in hot water, duelin’ with a pair of swordfish

[Outro]
[Roc Marciano]
This is Roc Marc’, PH
Pumpkinhead, what up, my nigga?
Marco Polo on the track
It’s like that
[Pumpkinhead]
Yeah.  Yo, we not sonning people no more, man
We making y’all our Padawans, ya heard?
You my young Padawan
Yeah, Marco Polo remix
Swordfish!