[Intro (parts of President Dwight D. Eisenhower's Farewell Address Jan. 17, 1961)]
Good evening my fellow Americans. First I would like to express my gratitude to the radio and television networks for the opportunities they have given me over the years to bring reports and messages to our nation. We annually spend on military security alone more than the net income of all United States corporations. Now this conjunction of an immense military establishment and a large arms industry is new in the American experience. The total influence -- economic, political, even spiritual -- is felt in every city, every Statehouse, every office of the Federal government. We recognize the imperative need for this development. Yet, we must not fail to comprehend its grave implications. Our toil, resources, and livelihood are all involved. So is the very structure of our society. In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence - whether sought or unsought, by the military industrial complex

[Verse 1: Ryu]
My country tis of thee sweet land of misery
Donald Trump and his trickery, Fox's toxicity
War mongering fuck bois crisscrossin the continent beggin for votes
Murder they wrote-blood on the documents
Raise the prices. Cook up another crisis
Fuck it-you gotta love it. The government funded ISIS
Nothin every changes. Same story as last month. You wanna know the price of freedom? Look at the gas pump
2 dollars 3 dollars 4 dollars 5
Die motherfucker! Die motherfucker!
Fine
This year- lets get it over with. Send me back to Jehova
Away from these xenophobic police worshipin chauvinists
Secrets in plain sight thinking nobody notices
Until we cut the head off the snake and drink the cobra spit
Who's the real terrorist
Flag drippin with arrogance for me to say nothin about it is un-American

[Hook x2: Apathy]
School book (light em up) Government (burn em down)
Seems like a riot every time I turn around (uh-oh)
They got us all riled up again (uh-oh)
They got us all riled up again

[Verse 2: Bishop Lamont]
Welcome citizens and 2nd class citizens
Aka minorities, refugees illegal, aliens
Homosexuals, Women, Faiths of foreign religions
Don't you just love this nation you're livin in
Our Uncle Sam is a drunk racist pedophile
Drug dealer, Drug abuser, pill popper
Heroin user, Lean, cocaine methamphetamine
Cymbalta, cialis, Humira
All that shit he sells you on your tv screen
Got u pumped up, drugged up, to keep you down
While the cost of living goes up
Without enough good jobs to go around
The same foreigners you hate
America gave'em ya jobs
Laid you off to cut cost
Then pointed the finger across seas
Like it wasn't they fault
Huh, huh
It's nothin new
This ain't brand new
It's the same ol tactics
Give you dummies someone to blame
Mislead you
Leave you distracted
Let's talk about Bill Cosby, Benghazi
Kim kardashian's ass again, Caitlyn Jenner
Turn on your tv some new scandal with a celebrity at the center
Another mass shooting
Domestic terrorist while you eating dinner
It's always Muslims
Even when it ain't Muslims
We'll draw a picture of the prophet Muhammad and spit on it
We'll hang Jesus Christ upside down and piss on it
Division through religions is strictly for economics
We don't believe in either
Swear to nimrod I promise
Only to the almighty dollar do we pay homage
Your country one big corporation it's all for profit

[Hook x2: Apathy]
School book (light em up) Government (burn em down)
Seems like a riot every time I turn around (uh-oh)
They got us all riled up again (uh-oh)
They got us all riled up again

[Verse 3: Ryu]
Hide your poor and your huddled masses
White trash, wet backs, and ghetto bastards
Make em flag wavin slaves for minimum wage fascists
Claimin to keep you safe til the taliban invades Calabasas
I guess it could happen and anything is possible if Bruce Jenner can turn himself into Jessica Rabbit
Its plausible to think we're on the brink of extinction
It stinks. We know the truth but can't make the distinction
The lies are too sexy. Their deception is asinine
Your hard earned tax dollars killin children in Palestine
Its hard to swallow like water from Flint Michigan
The people have spoken. The politicians ain't listenin
Overcrowdin the prisons. Multi Billions in business
You get popped. They get paid. They want you locked in the system
Its a war on our citizens. You tell me who the terrorist
But for me to say nothin about it is un-American

[Outro: Bishop Lamont]
You know what's really un-American? America as a whole
Its nothin but a bunch of hypocritical shit. You see everybody out here trippin off votin for Trump or votin for Bernie or votin for Hillary. Like these motherfuckers give a fuck about what you goin through in your life. The reality of it is: ain't no one motherfuckin person that you vote for gone change our nation for us. Its all about makin money. Its based on makin money. If you want to see real change: you gotta start in your own house. In your own neighborhood. In your own city. If we don't fix it-ain't shit gone get fixed. Ask yourself: are you really free? Are you livin the American Dream?