[Intro (Sampled)]
“Seven-hundred-thousand people lost their lives when disaster hit countries as far apart as Haiti and Japan to Indonesia and Pakistan. Caused by movement of the Earth’s tectonic plates, some regions are at constant risk. The resulting friction creates energy along the fault lines which eventually become so unstable, they rupture, sending out a shockwave. This energy release is felt as a disaster. After the initial jolt, aftershocks can be felt as neighbouring plates readjust into place. Most underground movement goes unnoticed by human beings, but occasionally a big tremor strikes”

[Verse 1: Apathy]
Signs of the end of the Earth
Hidden in subliminal messages right my verse
It’s like I'm speakin’ a colder language older than Christ
The true name of your god will overload all your mics
The planet forms you to ice, the sun’s blocked by clouds
From a nuclear blast when Ap's rockin’ the crowd
There’s no suckers allowed, I'm checkin’ names [?]
Got a loaded four-four, put your brains on the floor
Brain power a spot, I slay cowards with Glocks
Straight shower your block for eight hours of pop
I turn powder to rock and turn water to wine
You can slaughter with lines when that author [?]
I’m the [?] smellin' y'all are pussy as Ellen
Leave your cerebellum swellin’ with an axe in ya melon
I’m relaxin’ and chillin’, Ap's a dastardly villain
All these rappers I'm killin’ will have bastards for children

[Scratches: Rob Shaker]
“Disaster strikes” "I'ma make it burn"
“Straight from the brain, I'll be giving you the pain”
“Grab the—gr—gr—grab the battle axe”
"I got an appetite for destruction, Ap is back"
“Who’s this?” "Gr–Grevis"
“Lyric for lyric we exhibit mass appeal”
"K21" “Spitting Lucifer lullabies”
“Run and hide when disaster strikes”

[Verse 2: Mr Grevis]
But when the [?] in town, get the pen and paper
That enabler, dopest sound
The wait’s over now, Mr Grevis is back
Kids still on my Nike Air sneakers and hat shit
Still rhymes for the graf' kids
Cypher and rap kicks, this psycho mixed dynamite, match sticks
And gasoline trips, that’s some mean shit
But no duo as dangerous as Daz and Grevis
The evilest, [?], Grevis'
Hair’s like Carl Barron’s ears: aerodynamic shit
Smooth operator
Got your girl drippin’ wet with not a drop of lube on the labia
This dude is the saviour, Grevis Christ
Make your girl’s legs shake if you eat it right
All you whack MC's need to leave the mic
And producers step aside when Dazastah strike (blaow)

[Scratches: Rob Shaker]
“Disaster strikes” "I'ma make it burn"
“Straight from the brain, I'll be giving you the pain”
“Grab the—gr—gr—grab the battle axe”
"I got an appetite for destruction, Ap is back"
“Who’s this?” "Gr–Grevis"
“Lyric for lyric we exhibit mass appeal”
"K21" “Spitting Lucifer lullabies”
“Run and hide when disaster strikes”

[Verse 3: K21]
Yo
Morph into a Megalodon if you step in my pond
Arch-nemesis in your presence, a weapon ‘til dawn
Regenerated eleven-eleven, [?] spread my venom
Straight to your melon if you ever step in my direction
Reckon you’re king but you’re lyin’, wouldn’t even call you Nala
My Macedonian uncle thinkin’ my name’s [?]
Distracted from tryin’ to get to [?] park
And tellin’ suckers to eat dirt, fuck it, now taste the carver
A chapter from the young Frank Zappa who drank [?]
Rank fuck who stuck Mother Nature in a dank manner
Colour a black [?], no love for a backstabber
Like Monica Seles, but not into tennis, just bombing you fellas (baddest)
[?] but I ain’t from Vancouver
Badder than [?] shitting in the back of your Land Cruiser
Berserk with every word that’s never worse ‘til I emerge
Let my verse crumble the Earth and I’m returnin’ from the dirt
When Dazastah strikes

[Outro (Sampled)]
“The disaster had happened so quickly, there hadn’t been time to send an SOS message, but the victims and crew were thrown to the bottom. Survivors told some remarkable stories of bravery. The following day, the full extent of the tragedy could clearly be seen. Since then, the rules have been changed.”