[Verse 1: Apathy]
If you wanna show your frame
There's really no need to be ashamed
Wear some tight clothes, let your body bang
The physical is brazen, hips hypnotize
The chick's lips and thighs are thick, hits my eyes
And she's so fine in that tight Genelle
And she's so hot with them DSL's
It all started when I walked in the club exchanged glances
Girl shaking their hourglass like bellydancers
Movements of cobras arising from baskets, passionate
Ass and I'm pondering smashing it
I let her be, better to let her see
Me, blowing more cheddar than one of the Genovese
She was Lebanese, ordered a plenty of Hennessy
Start to whisper in her ear, poisoning her mentally
She said, "You Americans' ignorance is embarrassing
You probably think because I speak Arabic, I'm a terrorist"
I'm like, "Woah Ma, slow down your speculation
Let's step outside for some proper ventilation"
I'm always on point, this ain't Amateur Night
I hear your accent, where you from? Canada, right?
She was getting on my nerves, but she's fly as hell
And I fell in love with them DSL's
So I told her, let's dip in the whip and don't trip
You got DSL's (What?): Dick Sucking Lips

[Hook: Apathy]
She got DSL's (DSL's?)
DSL's (DSL's?)
DSL's, yo her lips are thick
(What's DSL stand for?)
Dick Sucking Lips!
Got them DSL's (DSL's?)
DSL's (DSL's?)
DSL's (Keep talking that shit)
Mommy, you should be proud of them dick sucking lips

[Interlude: Sample]
"No disrespect, she had, uh, nice pipe-fitter lips."
"I know how it is"
"You mean you would take the lips, over the tits?"
"Trust me, my boy. There’s two things I’m good at
That’s pulling dents, and spottin’ good blow jobs
And that sweetie had world-class blow-job lips."

[Verse 2: Apathy]
Gotta let her know
That her lips are thick like Lil' Mo
Little nympho, excuse me, let me kick my intro
I'm large, running a city like a crime boss
A pompous snob, that's been known to blow dimes off
Don't even front cause you're the fliest girl in your hometown
You're in my world now and I'mma look you up and down
Analyzing if you're worthy to serve me
It's complicated, but they love to feel dirty
And dominated, you can ask Majik Most the science of that
Why these good girls like to get they ass smacked
I fucked up and fucked with this bitch with thin lips
So I had to give her the pink slip
I'm slick on some multiple bitch pimp shit
With ten different shades of lipstick on my dicktip
If chickens ain't giving head, then they're worthless
Keep hoes on their knees longer than prayer service
And I don't even wanna fuck
I'll make her blow so long she might inflate four flats on a monster truck
So if they won't swallow my kids
I'll give them facials, but not with cucumbers over they eyelids

[Hook]