DJ Unknown & DJ Mekalek ft. Gaston, Wiseguy, Rise, and Apathy - “Gaston, Wiseguy, Rise, and Apathy Freestyle (Brothers on the Slide: The Lost Freestyle Sessions)”
[Emcee(s): Gaston, Wiseguy, Rise, and Apathy]
[Producer(s) of Instrumental 1: Showbiz (Original Instrumental from Sadat X - "Stages and Lights")]
[Producer(s) of Instrumental 2: T-Hall (Original Instrumental from Hillfiguz - "Up On Prospect")]
[DJ Mix: DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]
[Scratches: DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]

[Intro: Samples with Scratches by DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]
“[?]” - Sample from [?]

[Interlude 1: Gaston]
Yo, check it out.  It’s Wiseguy and Gaston live from New York via Metro Room here in UConn.  Check it out.  We’re repping here for DJ Unknown and Mek, Brothers on the Slide.  Wiseguy, that’s my brother on the side.  But check this out

[Verse 1: Gaston]
Rappers try avoiding me.  I’m like a class that’s too hard
So I’m eating emcees at three o’clock in the schoolyard
I’m large like a two-car garage.  Kind of nigga
To barge into a club free of charge.  Emcee
At large.  Better call the National Guard
‘Cause Gaston’s running circles ‘round these rappers like sharks
So hark!  Who goes there?  This road’ll lead you nowhere
Fast, distaste with emcees that cross my path
Autograph your girl’s ass.  The world-class poet
Y’all don’t want to battle ‘cause you’re wack and you know it
Clap your hands.  Slamming like a battering ram
Masses of fans be like, “Gaston’s the man,” but let’s
Attend to the matter at hand: rappers can’t
Stand me on the mic ‘cause I know how nice I am
And afraid to tell it, will yell it from the highest mountaintop (I’m nice!)
And won’t stop ‘til our album drop.  My body
Got about a thousand watts of pure hip hop
Flowing through it.  I’m a conduit of music
Will chew it, digest it, then let it out on record
Shitting on emcees and wipe myself with their press skits
And I ain’t need my best yet.  Still blessed it
Made it look effortless, never missing a beat
Neither are my fans ‘cause they’re always hitting repeat (Yo, why not?)
When they get out their seat, mission complete, mission
Complete, but trying, stopping two niggas like Wiseguy
And Gaston is Mission Impossible ‘cause we’ve got to do
What you can’t do ‘cause I’m too hard to handle
Too hot to handle (Whoo!)

[Verse 2: Wiseguy]
Your wackness is exposed like toes in sandals.  Wiseguy
And Gaston the baddest rapper ever rapping
Got the crowds clapping, feet tapping
Hands and fingers snapping
I’ll bust a cap in that ass, as Gaston and Guy’s
Been rhyming too fast.  Lyrically, you’ve been
Outclassed and outmatched and overmatched
Wiseguy ‘cause I’m about to throw the lax
And you fall into the pit (Aaah!) of wackness
‘Cause you dare try to step to the New York’s best
I’m a lyrical threat with every rhyme I write
Day or night, I’m the greatest on the mic
And any rapper on or in my sight’ll get broken
(Psss...) I’ll put a hole in you like a
Bowling ball.  I’m throwing you all off the cliff
Trying to mess with the one with the lyrical gifts
My man Unknown told me, “No free-
-styler can get on the microphone,” but my skills
Have shown that I’ll blow any rapper out the frame
Don’t matter your size, age, or your name
I’m the baddest in the game.  The average rappers came
And they only got slain ‘cause Wiseguy’s the name
And remember it.  I’m imprinting it on your ass
So you know better than stepping to Wiseguy and Gas’
‘Cause you’ve been outclassed, ‘cause I’m the best
Saying, “Peace to the East and the West,” but they need
To settle the beast between the West and the East
And understand that nobody is better than me
Peace

[Hook: Samples with Scratches by DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]
"I'll freestyle erratically for those that want to battle me" - Sample from J.U.I.C.E. on Molemen ft. J.U.I.C.E. - “Free Style or Written”
“What rapper want to battle?” - Sample from J.U.I.C.E. - "Period"
"I'll freestyle erratically" - Sample from J.U.I.C.E. on Molemen ft. J.U.I.C.E. - “Free Style or Written”
“What rapper want to battle?” - Sample from J.U.I.C.E. - "Period"

[Interlude 2: Rise]
Check, check, check.  Where the hell is my check?  There’s ninety-nine Axis scientists.  Rise, Apathy.  Check

[Verse 3: Rise]
With no contract, I’ll spark mics.  Y'all just catch contact
My mind’s compensation for the size that my arms lack
On tracks, I’ll harm blacks in the name of progression
Advantage unfair—requested for drug testing
Verbal aggressions.  Y'all rappers is pathetic (What you do?)
I don't kill emcees—I'll let them live to regret it
Switch clothes and zip codes, fake glasses and a fake nose (What else?)
And moustache—witness protection before a month's passed
Put this on a list of what you did when your time's up
My mind's deep (How deep?), a spoon's dig away from China
Suspects are lined up, hearing their last rights
Bad karma (Why?) because I was a jerk in a past life
Attract strife from black life, developed insight
I'll make you pay the price even if you bring your invite
In competition, microphones I abuse with
A lot of rich rappers are still poor excuses
It's useless.  Face it, you can't defeat the basics (Face it)
I've got more rhymes than there's variations in human faces (Mad rhymes)
Dealt a bad hand, but I'm playing it smart
I’ll move from state of confusion to state of the art.  My sharp
Debut will make your label wonder why they pay you
As people say, “I think I'm all that,” whenever they do
I'm bad, meaning good—to get better, I'll have to worsen
I’ll hang in little clubs and play only the dirty versions
Write constant rhymes, time I'm expanding
There's deep imprints in the fingers I hold my pen in
A class by myself, professors nonessential (Why?)
To get half as nice, you need twice your brain’s potential (You can’t do it)
Addicted to mics, I hope you break your hard habit (What’d you do?)
I'll embarrass you and send the battle tape to Bob Saget
It's lunacy.  I’ll break natural laws and get immunity
I'm the leading cause of death in the wack community
Give it your all, I'll just make you wish that you kept it
Before I enter, rappers take note of the nearest exits
In hectic situations, I'm too calm (Too calm)
I'll laugh while your heart beats faster than Luke songs (Neutron)
The truth bombed—I lost count of all the causalities
Brighter than the light you walked into after you battled me.  I'm
Not to be stepped on (Nah)—choose a better mattress
Turn the bull you attack with into a leather jacket (Damn)
Comparison is like a hurricane to a teardrop
Level's that I used to be at will make you ears pop
Cause and a linked watch are things that help your shrink’s cop
Traumatized rappers seeing my face in ink blots

[Verse 4: Apathy]
Yo, I'm battering
Battle with data that’ll shatter marrow in bones.  I'm shooting
Arrows in clones.  I’ll sit with pharaohs in thrones
My arrogant poems and flow deflate the air in your domes
‘Cause I’ll fiend for microphones like a heroin jones
I'm tearing my clothes like Hulk with unbearable flows
Cutting terrible foes like little hairs in my nose
From the air, I arose, throwing paralyzing blows
I'll inherit your souls, then I'll spare it to crows
Cryogenically froze, so I could travel in the future
I'll defeat you with the speed of a NASA supercomputer
My Glocks bump beats that I compose for tracks
Flow’s so fat on wax that it blows your backs
Bogus cats get smacks from ferocious raps
My hypnosis entraps if you focus on the wax
I wrote this flow to impact biters of Ap
An emcee putting CT on the map