[Verse One]
I was a stupid little motherfucker (a damn fool)
That asshole who brought a handgun into school
Not on some Columbine shit
But thanks to gangsta rap
Ap's dumbass was loading blanks in gats
I got Spice-1 and Ice-T to thank for that
Too $hort got a lot of bitches spanked and slapped
I was a juvenile, stupid wild, crazy cat
Tryin' to fuck with older bitches when they babysat
Hit a chicken in the ass with a rubber band
Fought her brother Dan
Cause I tripped him while he tried to do the Running Man
Understand, I was intelligent but belligerent
Wouldn't listen, and living life a little bit to ignorant
Eager to eat other rappers and be the baddest
A bitter little bastard who shitted on anybody under average
Messin' with friends girls instead of my own bitches
Vicious, gettin' too big for my own britches

[Hook] {x2}
I don't wanna grow up, I'm an immature kid
You should hear the fucked up shit that I did
And I'm still doin' it, doin' it, doin' it
And I'm still doin' it, doin' it, doin' it

[Verse Two]
Whether skippin' school, rippin' tools, pissin' in pools
Spittin' shit, dissin' your crew, I'll rip you in two
I was really fucked up, wish I didn't but I did
Sick as it is, twisted, trippin' little crippled kids
Relax, he was holdin' my shirt and held on
But even if he fell he's got a BIG FUCKIN' HELMET ON
(That's dead wrong)
Knew my teacher had a red thong
And after school her and another teacher got it on
That's actually true, plus half of the faculty knew
Knew the time, knew the place, what should Apathy do?
I arrived at the class at half past six
And hid underneath the desk while he smashed that bitch

[Hook]

[Outro: 'Chinstrap' talking]
Hey Apathy. Remember me? You owe me a new helmet. Bitch This is Chinstrap. Coming back for you Ap. All that trippin' me and shoving me in the locker. Fuck that! Chinstrap is coming back...strapped...with a gat!

[Hook]

He has to ride on a small bus cause his brain is so small

[Apathy]
Who's your favorite rapper?

[All the kids]
Apathy!!!!