[Intro] [Apathy talking]:
I don't regret shit man. Louie's been there since day one. Saw the whole thing. We dropped out of high school together. But if I could go back...if I could go back. I'd say, "Please momma. Please...

[Verse One]:
Please momma don't let me drop out of school, I'll regret it after
I run away to New York and try to be a rapper
I never thought me being white would be a factor
Before Eminem it was hard for a cracker
I really pray to God that I'll survive
Cause I've never been the one to hold a 9 to 5
Self educated, dedicated to the shit I do
No brother or sister, all I got is my crew
Hand full of people I trust, but truckloads of snakes
Ask KRS and Kurtis Blow, those are The Breaks
If I don't blow the fuck up and blast into space
They'll be lookin' at my face like, "Damn, what a waste."
Lotta pressure, gotta be stronger and gotta be better
Bet I can pull it together and make hits forever
I seen the glamor and glitz, it ain't shit
I split when Atlantic tried to make me their bitch

[Hook]:
It's so hard
Hey baby
And it's so hard
Long time no see
It's so hard
Hey baby
And it's so hard
And it's so hard
Hard times on planet Earth
Hey baby
And it's so hard
What could you want with me?
And it's so hard
Hard times on planet Earth
Hard times on planet Earth

[Apathy talking]:
I know Ryu can relate to every word of this shit. We're chillin' backstage with Jay-Z at the House Of Blues. And I got $300 dollars in my bank

[Verse Two]:
Look Dad, I got shows all over the world
And your boy is the man with girls
I know you see me in magazines, in shows with Linkin Park
It's been 10 years when's the big money gonna start?
My songs on TV and video games
But nothings changed in the ways of financial gains
I got friends that are famous
I do shows in Vegas
But got worse credit than people with minimum wages
I guess it's hereditary or it's contagious
You always thought they jobs were society's cages
And I'm just like you, I can't punch clocks
You would stay up with me taping rap on my boombox
Back in '86, bought me Run DMC
I wish she told me study business or be an EMT
Somethin', anything to prove my worth
Everyday since my birth, hard times on planet Earth

[Hook]