[Intro]
King Kong, ain’t got shit on me!

[Verse 1:Apathy]
Bring out the apes the gorillas the monkeys and junkies
Half money half bummy half genius half dummy
Dirty, slutty, bloody, muddy, filthy fuck buddy
If you’re stupid you should study how I’m steady making money
Like I’m Steady B, Freddy Krueger, bald as Lex Luthor
Spark buddha, pick a public park become a sharpshooter
Chop an off-duty cop up into chop suey
Channeling 2Pac through me (hock tui)
Damn I’m such a Glock groupie
Bad grammar, bad manners, bad hammers, bad mama jama hammer bopping
Got your grandma yelling like she’s Janice Joplin, I’m joshing
Please get off my johnson, I see you bitches jocking this jargon that I’m jotting
I’m Jesus a genius a G I’m a genie
Granting bitches wishes if their wish is for my pee pee
I’m greazy and greedy and creepy and freaky and skeevy
Your breezy, would fuck me for a CD

They are very very dangerous, they are wild animals
Something’s got to be done

[Refrain:Vinnie Paz]

Look at all this wild shit ya’ll got me on
With fire arms now it’s on like Honkey Kong
Where my gorillas at? Where my apes at?
Where my gorillas at? Where my apes at?

Look at all this wild shit ya’ll got me on
They play this song and it’s on like Honkey Kong
Where my gorillas at? Where my apes at?
Where my gorillas at? Where my apes at?

[Verse 2:Apathy]

Bring out the rebels the devils, bring out the vandals
Bring the vicious ditch diggers and bitches with love handles
Bring the bummy scummy stretch mark tummy with no money
Strobe light honey who swears she like a playboy bunny
Ap is batty, daffy attitude, crappy the scrappy verbally
Abusive baby daddy, calling liquor stores the packy
I’m picky in particular, consider sex an extracurricular test
And you can call me Professor Testicular
Stick it in ya dick dangle down to my fibula
Nah I’m fibbing it just barely touched the top of my tibia
The titty-touching, city-crushing, pretty fucking disgusting
Kiddy abducting, giddy up and gallop through the dust
A chauvinist, a showoff, as classic as Chopin
Or Eric. B with dookie ropes so call me the dope man
You fucks dont even know, if you dont come up with my dough
You’ll hear more "neins" than German people screaming “No!”

I’m that Honkey Kong, orangutang, killer ape, gorilla (scratches)

[Refrain]