[Intro: Manly P. Hall]
"Alchemy is a spiritual art, a divine… secret… science."

[Verse 1: Apathy]
I pulled the sword from the stone, sat down on my throne
Meditatin' like a monk in the zone
From my DNA strands locked deep in my bones
I extract on the track, make a million Ap clones
They got the earth under their spell with smartphones
Hypnotized in a trance a society of ants
No chance to advance, was raised on food stamps
I'm a government cheese baby with hand-me-down pants
Fall deep into the spell, take a seat this is Hell
People who remain asleep can't rebel
Listen to the voice when you hear a ringin' bell
Go to the village square throw poison in the well
Fluoridation, radio station, radiation
Radios transmit poison to the nation
Stupid motherfuckers think just 'cause I'm a mason
That I'm Illuminati or somethin' to do with Satan
Your brain's been infected, the broke skippin' record
Y'all are just sheep who follow a different shepherd
Watch what you read it was written by a man
I be spittin' certain shit only few can understand
Like knowledge of the Gnostics, Manly P. Hall
I intercept it 'cause my family see all
At 33 Jesus turned water into wine
33 degrees, 33 vertebrae in the spine
I'm Mecca, Kabbalistic science from the future
Built the pyramids with a deity's computer
Back on the block with the thieves and the lepers
Load MACs and set it off on tax collectors
Sneak under the fences in off-limit sectors
Stick up the Kings for their nice gold sceptres
Hood shit, everybody smokin' on that good shit
Pagan rituals around the fire keep the woods lit

[Excerpt: Manly P. Hall]
"Ancient philosophy and science derived a great deal of symbolical knowledge and insight from the study of the human body."

[Chorus: Brevi]
Black cat is bad luck, bad guys wear black
It must have been a straight up deal for all who started all that
You got me hypnotized
Somehow your words just hypnotize me
Got me hypnotized
Somehow your words just hypnotize me

[Verse 2: Apathy]
Born in the ocean but I crawled to the shore
Went back underwater when they started up the war
And the bombs spread poison and the city went dark
Sinners dropped dead when they opened up the Ark
Wise men gathered in a circle to discuss
Which leader they could trust, which deceiver they would crush
Praying in six thousand five hundred languages
Couldn't give a scientific answer to the atheist
Draw a circle with a five pointed star
Five points on the pyramid and letters in Allah
Arm, leg, leg, arm, head, armed to to teeth
Put the armor piercin' bullets in the clip when there's beef
Let the sun shine pull the blindfolds off
Bitch rappers don't like me 'cause they rhyme so soft
And I'm so much the opposite, louder than a bomb
I'm the lord, I'm your shepherd, I'm your 23rd psalm
That's word to your mom 'til the earth's all gone
In the booth spittin' truth, every verse, every song
Megahertz, megaton, Metaverse, Metatron
I traverse tree of life, bounce like the Dogons
Through your stargate, supernovas onto your star shape
Elders try to tell us that we can't escape our fate
Were far from the days where they stargaze
Now we man ships that absorb cosmic rays
Over the radio, talkin' hoes into fellatio
Sapiosexual so I kicked the golden ratio
Transmittin' like the last man livin'
So my writtens hold more weight than King James editions
Charles Dickens and Lord Francis Bacon
Believe in the creator but I don't believe in Satan
I believe the Devil's a Homo sapien
And Heaven and Hell exist in your cranium

[Chorus: Brevi]
Black cat is bad luck, bad guys wear black
It must have been a straight up deal for all who started all that
You got me hypnotized
Somehow your words just hypnotize me
Got me hypnotized
Somehow your words just hypnotize me

[Sample from the film The Holy Mountain]
"But man can achieve nothing by himself. To accomplish the alchemical work, you will have these companions. They are thieves like you, but on another level. They are the most powerful people on the planet."

[Sample: [?] ]
Yo DJ Richie Rich and Pete Rock gonna be there
So what?
So!? They been all over the place man. Everybody know them, you're just local
Local!
Hahaha!