[Intro]

These men are afraid of anything unknown
They'd be afraid of their shadows if they were to touch them!
Word!
Apathy, what's good?
Mad Lion, what's good?
General Steele, what up?
We 'bout to bang on these niggas like Deathrow beats for shit
Word, you niggas scared!
What you gonna do now?
Look and tell, run!
Fuck outta here, nigga
Yo Ap, let's go!

[Verse 1: Apathy]
Ayyo, it's back to the basement, the depths of the batcaves
Trapped in this rat's maze, workin' like a rap slave
Classic as the rap that was crafted in the crack days
Well all I'm seein' is residue and roaches in the ashtrays
East Coast winter's like Satan shut the heat off
I never shut the fuck up till they shut the beat off
A mad scientist, stealin' lightning from the rain
Put the pain into my music just to get it out my brain
Bangin' beats with the samples to leave the streets in shambles
To shake The Bodega shelves and shatter Jesus candles
Blunt guts litter the concrete
My physical shell's weak
You can't sleep, livin' on Elm Street
Retreat to the forest in the fortress like Helm's Deep
I slay the weak when my tape's released like Laserbeak
Try to download me on a Tuesday, Ap drops
It's like your laptop smoked a kilo of crack rock

[Refrain: Mad Lion]
And you should never say never when a boy think he's braver than whoever
You gotta let 'em know
And you should never say never when you know that you cleverer than whoever
You gotta let 'em know

[Verse 2: General Steele]
Yeah
It's like my rap's crafted, mastered in my casket
Cuz only dead rappers got flows this classic
A rose grows from the concrete where she was planted
We all were chose with these roles, that's just how God planned it
This long road that we roam left many men branded
Some managed to handle it, others got stranded
These dreams that I weave leave great beats bandaged, get it?
That's a wrap like saran on a package
Heavyweight shippin' and packin'
Me and Ap on the track
The way we spittin' it's like grippin' a MAC-10
But I don't need no Gatlin', just a pat on the back
>???< The brother of Zeus unleashin' the Kraken
The camp got my back whenever time for action
Stay active, no actin', original gun-clappin'
Boot Camp got my back whenever time for action
Stay active, no actin', original gun...

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Mad Lion]
To battle me, ya boy need rhyme skills of magic
You're playin' Russian Roulette with a full automatic!
My altar, will alter international
Flop down and now ya down and I snatch a gal
Leave your cyber-rappers, look at what a Facebook crook
Slidin' down a nigga's wall your words won't look
But you still don't get it
I select common edit
Hit delete get it?
Never ever ask me if I've read it
Cryin for respect, ah forget it
Don't come in Myspace I beg it
Rip your whole hood sign before ya .mpeg it
Disrespect, I leave a boy broke-legged
So just follow me, follow me, follow me, follow me down down down!
Follow me, follow me, follow me back to the underground!
Apathy! Don't show a boy no empathy
Simply Don't show no boy no sympathy
We can go and orchestrate just like a symphony
We run the underground, but ya barely get a glimpse of me
Listen me, if I was you I'd convince me
Not to go upside your fuckin' head like an epiphany
Hey listen me, the eagle in my hand is glistening
This is the shit got protectors whistlin
Look what you made me do!
Head rollin' like a Michelin
This a good year and they ass end up listenin'
Baby pictures hangin up on their wall from their christenin
Fans sing their ass goodbyes while their snifflin
Year long dad just end to the shiffilin
Mainstream, broadway, fulton, fans sick of me

[Hook]

[Sample]

See man? That's why you can't go over there
Nobody ever has, nobody ever will
One kid did, but nobody ever seen him again