[Intro: Pumpkinhead]
Yeah.  Heh.  It’s a new day.  Heh.  PH, BK, CT, my man Apathy on the beat, yo.  Ha.  Try to assassinate my character.  It’s not worth it.  Just hear me out.  Come on.  Yo

[Verse 1: Pumpkinhead]
Holler at the man if you want me to spit
A hundred K per word.  I’m hotter than a pot of grits
My flow tighter than mosquito pussy—ask O
That’s why he signed me—‘cause he know I pack shows
I get love in the hood, I get love in the ‘burbs
From BK to Pittsburg and CT, you’ll see me flip words
So easy and rip herbs to pieces
PD is my thesis, releases
Flow slick like greases.  And peep this:
I’m underground, no matter how commercial the beat is
So feel this like fingertips on Braille
M-A-K-I-N’ people, we can’t fail
So set sail for the island—I’m bucking naked broads
Heads be hating, mad ‘cause they stuck in they garage
While I’m getting charged, pumping on the traum
With your girl on my dick and your moms on my arm

[Hook: Sample from Nas’s “It Ain’t Hard to Tell”] (x4)
So analyze me, surprise me, but can't magmatize me
Scanning while you're planning ways to sabotage me

[Verse 2: Pumpkinhead]
I float like a cloud and sting like a singer
PH is the name.  The rest get the finger
The New Testament is here.  Make sure you get two
I’m the real deal—the rest of you fools is test tube
So I’ma step through and jam in Timbs and a snorkel
Somebody tried to step—they got limps like a corporal
I’ma shake this mother up to everybody moving
To all my niggas smoked and all my sisters grooving
My flows keep improving like my dice game
Head cracks.  I’ll make ‘em step back and Dash like Dame
I’m twenty-six now, four years from thirty
If you was a rapping waiter, nigga, you still couldn’t serve me

[Hook: Sample from Nas’s “It Ain’t Hard to Tell”] (x4)
So analyze me, surprise me, but can't magmatize me
Scanning while you're planning ways to sabotage me

[Verse 3: Pumpkinhead]
I’ve been through breakups worser than The Five Heartbeats
And projects put to the back like a child’s car seat
But now I’m taking the bull by the horns and ripping them off
I got your chicken in my kitchen and I’m hitting her oral
Like, “Woah!”  Like Tyson had did to Mitch Green
Like that?  Damn, you should have heard how this chick screamed
I’m the dominator.  I dominate the game
In every category, I dominated the same
From rhymes to beats to macking the broads
Yo, when I battle, MCs leave wrapped up in gauze
“I Ain’t No Joke” like Rakim and Eric B
I "Know the Ledge,” so I won’t fall off like the young MC, yeah

[Hook: Sample from Nas’s “It Ain’t Hard to Tell”] (x4)
So analyze me, surprise me, but can't magmatize me
Scanning while you're planning ways to sabotage me

[Outro: Pumpkinhead]
There you have it.  The first of many.  Let’s get the jump off jumping off.  Makin' Records, Black House, Pumpkinhead.  Check it, uh