[Sample from the film Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope]
"Help me Obi Wan. You're my only hope."

[Chorus: Apathy]
And even though I know he's gone, he still watches from beyond like Obi Wan
And even though I know he's gone, I still hear him from beyond like Obi Wan, so

[Bridge]
"Help me Obi Wan. You're my only hope"
"Help me Obi Wan. You're my only hope"

[Verse 1: Apathy]
The greatest man I've ever known in my life
It's kinda like picture a fury if Styles was white
I got a lot from my father, like my looks and my height
He used to stay up with me tapin' radio shows at night
When him and my mom split, there were beefin', couldn't be friends
So he picked me up and I'd stay with him on the weekends
No brother, no sister, only child
I look a lot like my father, you can see it in my smile
Got his wisdom, got his knowledge, you can hear it in my style
I hope I won't forget his voice, I haven't heard it in a while
Got his number in my phone, it's still hard not to dial
All these tragedies and trials I could've turned out wild
I missed the funeral 'cause I was in the hospital
So visit me in dreams whenever possible
I don't even know where to begin, how to explain to my daughter
How amazin' that my father was, or should I even bother?
'Cause I don't have the words but I'll try
When the clouds part the sky, I'll tell her that it's you, came to say "Hi"
I throw a prayer in the air even if there's no reply
But I know you'll watch my back till the day that I die
Took me two years to write this song and every time I'd cry
When I repeat it, or I read it, or I speak it, I'll just leave it
Right here upon this beat and hope somehow that you'll receive it
Cause you're too strong to just be gone, I can't see it

[Chorus: Apathy]
And even though I know he's gone, he still watches from beyond like Obi Wan
And even though I know he's gone, I still hear him from beyond like Obi Wan, so

[Bridge]
"Help me Obi Wan. You're my only hope"
"Help me Obi Wan. You're my only hope"

[Sample: [?] ]
"But if faith makes people do such crazy bullshit what's the point of having it?"

"It's human nature, gotta believe in something. I mean, haven't you ever had a problem so big that you just couldn't handle it on your own?"

"Yeah"

"Well who helped you?"

"My Dad"

"Well, you're lucky, you're blessed. It's a blessing"

[Bridge]
"Help me Obi Wan"

[Sampled from the film The Holy Mountain]
"I promised you the great secret, and I will not disappoint you. Is this the end of our adventure? Nothing has an end. We came in search of the secret of immortality, to be like gods. And here we are... mortals. More human than ever. If we have not obtained immortality, at least we have obtained reality. We began in a fairy tale and we came to life! But, is this life reality!? No, it is a film. We are images, dreams, photographs. We must not stay here! Prisoners! We shall break the illusion! This is Maya! Goodbye to the Holy Mountain. Real life awaits us"