DJ Unknown & DJ Mekalek ft. Apathy and Rise - “Rockafella”
[Emcee(s): Apathy and Rise]
[Producer(s): Erick Sermon (Original Instrumental from Redman - "Rockafella (Remix Version)")]
[DJ Mix: DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]
[Scratches: DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]

[Intro: Apathy and Rise]
Apathy: Alright, alright, alright.  Yo, yo, Unknown.  Yo, Mek.  The first half of the CD was hot.  It was blazing.  Everybody ripped it.  But it’s the second half now and you gotta let The Demigodz take it out of here.  You gotta let us blast it out the park.  We got to clean up the bases.  Ayyo, Rise, man.  Let’s rip this shit, let’s tear it down, yo.  Let me set it off, let me do it like this.  Check it.  Yo
Rise: Yo.  Yo, what up, what up?  It was banging.  I liked that shit.  Yo.  Heh.  Can we catch some wreck?  What up?  No doubt, no doubt.  I’m an Axis Demigod.  Axis 360.  Aight, go ‘head

[Verse 1: Apathy]
I just copped five G's from a show, but I'm probably gonna blow it
You'll find me in the Acura, drivin' it like I stole it
You want to diss like you got a trick up your sleeve?
Fuck spittin', uou would need my permission just to breathe
It's deep, your girl loves when I rock to the beat
She probably knows all of my raps backwards in her sleep
I'm that cat bitches follow, I’ll make chicks swallow
'Cause I get more head than that ghost from Sleepy Hollow
I got a magical spell as vicious as voodoo
You're jealous ‘cause I mack hotter bitches than you do
I'm A-P... and if you don't know the rest
Then lift up your girl’s shirt and read it off her breasts

[Interlude 1: Apathy and Rise]
Apathy: Aight, aight, aight, Rise, man.  Now you take it, man.  Go ‘head, go ‘head, spit that joint.  I want you to tear it up, nah’mean?  Go ‘head, rip it
Rise: Yo, let me kick something.  Rise is now out.  Check it out.  Aight, cool.  One of you girls over there, waiting for me.  I’ll get back.  Yo

[Verse 2: Rise]
The rules zipped up and changed when I entered the game
I'm on your “Fuck You” list with checks next to my name
Because a lot of things are true and they all have to be mentioned
If there's a talented you, he's in a parallel dimension
Where up is down, left is right, and right is wrong
My best is alright and they like your songs
But here, that's not the case we just laugh when you spit
A Different World and I'm the star without the glasses that fit
I'm blastin' my skits in headsets and rappin' my shit
The train’s Locked you can't switch, so you have to just bitch  They’re like, "Yo, what has he done?” I'm the cat that's uninvited
I walked by this emcee war and got knighted
Lookin' for the crown, they’re like, "Yo, how the hell he gon' lead?"
Rise, the name’s Unknown so I'ma sell CDs
I like when I play, I always got something to say
Smart-aleck, but he’s smart at it, 'kay he can stay

[Verse 3: Apathy]
I'm like Johnny Mnemonic, my brain slap-boxes laptops
My mainframe’s made out of a jet plane’s black box
I got a exoskeleton with hydraulic biceps, high-tech
Move the planet Earth when I flex
I inflict, flesh-eating acid and anthrax
Trapped in those little air bubbles in my Air Max
I'm unbreakable when ridin' on Amtrak
My flow packs more pressure than if the Hoover Dam cracked
You better stand back, brace for the impact
In fact, my raps makes your cranium spin back
I gotta freestyle, when I write the pen snaps
You tried to jump on tracks but dropped at ten laps
I’ll spit as bright as Kryptonite, split the mic
Sip electrical currents out of the circuits I'm rippin' to shreds
My TEC sprays and the lead ricochets
To embed sideways in your head 'til it drips red

[Interlude 2: Apathy]
Yo, Rise, man. I want you to spit it. I want to pick it up, you know what I'm sayin'? And bring it out on these people. You takin' it out.  So it’s you, man. OD on this shit.  Kill 'em

[Verse 4: Rise]
They’re like, “Yo, fuck that nigga Rise. Yo, who tells him he's fly?"  So after I rhyme, some emcees ain't telling me, “Bye.”
But what can you do, to a man who's like rubber to glue?
You catch mine and the one you threw stuck on you too
I’ll put something in yours, right before it bounced, “That hurts”
And now it feels worse. See? And you threw yours first
This young boy on the mic, when he's sayin' his poem
Is Bruce Leeroy like his arms wavin' and glowin'
I’ll say, “I ripped it.” when I'm writin' and even before I spit this
I don't write words anymore, I draw pictures
And verses are stick figures of these emcees slain
My rhyme book’s like a bunch of bad Hangman games
I forgot what I was doing, yo, before all this rap
But hey, I'd forget my head if it wasn't attached
It ain’t hard, it's not a riddle.  We know Rise gon' win
'Cause my quotables outnumber little lines in your skin
Rhymes that'll singe men then go home and binge
And get fatter, hence the rapper in the zone I'm in
I’ll hold it down 'cause I know the kids are sleepin'
They can't wait for me to come now, my shit's the weekend