[Intro: Manly P. Hall]
"In the meantime the deities gave warnings and sent prophets and told these people they were destroying themselves. But they were proud and they gave no mind or no thought... and finally, they rebelled against the gods... and the gods reacted accordingly."

[Cut Hook: DJ Premier]
Demigodz
The order is manslaughter
Ap is back
Come on Ap... what you waitin for?
Take a deep breath because ya don’t have another left
Come on Ap... what you waitin for?

[Verse 1: Apathy]
I’m back on my bullshit, 24-7
Y'all better store weapons from the floor to the heavens
And put away them phones tryna record me flexin'
I’ll slap a motherfucker into the 4th dimension
You do it for attention or do it for recognition
We’ll knock ya DJ out and leave the record skippin'
The Demigod religion you can put your faith in
Put ya face in a brick wall until it caves in
We killers and cavemen, case closed, game over
Fuck "lit", I’m bringin' a literal flame thrower
I got a stinger missile in range of ya Range Rover
Back in the day ya tape would get tossed or taped over
Won’t go on Flex, he can’t handle me flowin'
Fuck a bomb, get the sound of a planet explodin'
The sound of a space shuttle when it land in the ocean
Or the sound of a war vet who can’t handle emotions
Rockin' back and forth with the hammer reloadin'
The sound of the hammer of Odin or a sample from The Omen
Get a scream from ya worst bad dream
And I’ll put it in a verse and get it cut from Preem
There’s nowhere to run to
I don’t care if you got a gun or you can do kung fu
When Ap is on the mic and start doin' his "one-two"
The silencers screw on and light bulbs unscrew

[Cut Hook]
Demigodz
The order is manslaughter
Ap is back
Come on Ap... what you waitin for?
Take a deep breath because ya don’t have another left
Come on Ap... what you waitin for?

[Verse 2: Apathy]
I’m a rap Outkast like Big Boi’s group
(Futuristic) Do features for Bitcoin loot
Pull the pistol out your palm like, "This toy's cute"
Dissemble it, melt the metal, and destroy you
I got bouncers at the club that’ll let me in with burners
And priests in my hood who won’t let me in they churches
Even though I’m God and they gon' sweat me in they service
So I just air 'em out, real petty in my verses
I never ever sleep like Freddy’s in my furnace
These underground clowns tryna get me in they circus
But I’m deep with the subs and I ain’t ready to surface
Fuck somebody ever tryna tell me what my worth is
The weight of these words is 'bout as heavy as the Earth is
Always roll deep and stay ready for the skirmish
'Cause people plottin' on me like Many Men to Curtis
So I purchase many weapons, even get me 'em refurbished
I’m goin' off the grid, I’m already in the sewers
About to fake my death like Eddie and the Cruisers
Dress sophisticated so I’m sexier to cougars
But I'm deadly when intruders try to test me with the Rugers
I move like a ninja do, especially in Pumas
Sittin' next to Jesus, starin' skeptically at Judas
My enemies are foolish, never catch me with them losers
I’ll be waitin' for 'em with machetes and bazookas
Let 'em know Preem

[Cut Hook]
Demigodz
The order is manslaughter
Ap is back
Come on Ap... what you waitin for?
Take a deep breath because ya don’t have another left
Come on Ap... what you waitin for?
Ap is back, Ap is back, Ap is back
Come on Ap... what you waitin for?