[Verse 1 : Tendoorz Janicon]

I need a different route
There's too much traffic, I need a way out
They all caught up in one lane
Lets take off and jump off a plane (yah!)
They a bit too blind for colour
So you and I, lets keep it plain
A Basquiat drawing makes critics complain
So never worry when they complain
They're limits are not for your brain
We come alive in their darkness like a star
(Apathy in background)
They don't know who we are, they don't know
They don't know....HEY!
And never will they know
And Midas told them grow, but it just happens slow
I guess its time that'll show
All these true colours... HEY!

[Hook : Tendoorz Janicon and Apathy]

These true colours, hey....
These true colours, hey....
These true colours............
These true colours, HEY!

[Verse 2 : Apathy]

Life's a canvas, you're the highlight
Paint a picture that you can define
It's always something that you can refine
A true reflection that you desire
A true reflection in your design
A true reflection all in your mind
Why you gotta be so colour blind?
Why you gotta' blend in, ain't no camo see your light!
Like the spectrum and shine your light
Let's see the true being shine your light
It's always gonna' be a manifestation of who you are
And what you like
Always felt the need to to fit in, blend in, clique in
Till I realized do you cause it's only right
Do you cause in the end of time....
It's only you and their out of sight
It's only you so don't live a lie
It's only you let your colours shine
It's only you, let the real you shine!

[Outro : Tendoorz Janicon (talking)]

You know uh
In this career of making music (laughs)
I've having people telling me,like
"hey yo Ten you need a different sound
Like dude you should make turn ups and stuff"
And i'm like, I just get home and I just think to myself...

I could do that, but I need to be true to myself
And i've been dealing with so much haters
That everytime I put out a song to be streamed
They acting like they streaming the song
But they not really streaming the song
So, I'd just like to say like, F*ck those people!

(fades away)