[Intro: Apathy]
Fuck all them wack emcees
It’s Apathy the Alien Tongue, Uhh!

[Verse 1:]
I’m shittin’ on crews like I’m eatin’ ex-lax and drinkin’ prune juice
Mad fly like you let a helium balloon loose
Other people say I’m feelin’ em like a masseuse
You’re played out like a bubble goose in lug boots
You other crews poppin’ all that shit are fuckin’ thuggables
Talkin’ bout you put a slug in whoever would fuck with you
That’s nothin’ new, bein’ hard and tryin’ to find the thug in you
But you touchin’ the mic is through, that’s somethin’ for us to do
I can’t even feel another rap about some gossip
Or Glock clip, a block clique, or how you got the hot shit. Stop it!
And all you space prophets in your rockets
If you can analyze your optic sockets when you try to rock it
You bore me, with your galactical cosmic stories
Take a deep breath and come with somethin’ hotter for me
Fuck sippin’ a forty and icin’ your shorty’s jewelry
Most of y’all are broken and shit, you don’t fool me
So-called player, rockin’ fake alligator
Walkin’ through the club, disconnect your cellular and pager
You can take a lesson from me on who’s the hottest
Who could pull a goddess in five minutes and get her topless
My strategy is, “Hello Shorty, my name is Apathy.”
Automatically I got her and her friend attackin’ me
Up in my grill kickin’ game and mack at me
On the dance floor, one in front and one in back of me
I’m not sayin’, “I’m the man”, well… Yes I am
I would even be dope if I drove in a Trans Am
With my windows tinted, cheap speakers bumpin’ Def Leppard
I’m nice when I wreck it, so everybody get down

[Hook:]
We grab mics and get down
Whether above or underground
The new hot sound we get b____?
Respect and love for the sound
We grab mics and get down
Whether above or underground
The new hot sound we get b____?
Respect and love for the sound

[Verse 2:]
I’m the definition of the lyrically trife
I spit one rap and fuck your mind up for life
Lobotomies are given out free like clinic rubbers
But I still bust through and make virgin girls mothers
Y’all genuflect more than Monica Lewinski
You couldn’t be dope if they quantum leaped you in me
On scales of 1 to 10, I’m 20, I crush many
I’m that bastard in South Park that keeps killin’ Kenny
I rip raps backwards on tracks
Reverse wax, blows the smack
Wack-ass emcees always tryin’ to battle me
Frontin’ like his squad’s favorite emcee ain’t Apathy
Nowadays kids are all about Puffy and ?
Did Hip Hop heads forget about Bam? Zulu!
I’m the one to bring it back like stealin’ from a store
And have your mother catch you out as you walkin’ out the door
In war I grab the mic to fight and settle scores
Kick in the door, waivin’ my metaphors
Profound like tryin’ to break down molecular compounds
I’m Apathy the Alien Tongue, so everybody get down

[Hook:]

[Outro:]
Punch n' Words they get down
The Jedi Mind Tricks get down
The Equilibrium’s down
Wiseguy and Gaston get down
7L and Esoteric get down
The Demigodz got the sound
My man LT will get down
Superfriends they get down
Wild Style crew will get down
Metaphor got the sound
The Mountain Brothers they get down
Rakim Allah holds the crown
My man Dark ? is down
Eternia got the sound
Mr. Mayday gets down