[Intro: Ice Cube]
Got me a down ass girl on my team
With an infrared beam...
Sheeit...Westside!

[Verse 1: Ice Cube]
There go the niggas I'm supposed to meet
We gon' do this, Yo-Yo, slide me the heat
Knew they was punks from my very first glance
Shakin' niggas hands, waitin' for a chance
"Do you got the yay?"
Heard a motherfucker say, "Right this way"
In they trunks, super chickens, about six
Lookin' like bricks, do I got the chips?
Hell yeah, in the back of my ElCo
"Can we walk wit' you?" I said "Hell no!"
Yo-Yo, see my .44? Grab it
About to let these motherfuckers have it
Walk back with my strap, 'S' on my chest
Let me get a taste test
Tongue got numb, then I said "Fuck that!
This a motherfuckin' jack..."

[Hook]
(Thinking of a master plan)
(Why in the fuck would you think that it would stop? Plot)
(Thinking of a master plan)
(Why in the fuck would you think that it would stop? Plot)
(Thinking of a master plan)
(Why in the fuck would you think that it would stop? Plot)
(I'm trying not to lose my head...)

[Verse 2: Yo-Yo]
I saw the homie pull his strap, I knew the deal had went bad
Jumped in the hooptie, popped the trunk and started to blast
Mashin' on fools, snatching cabbage and dough
That's how it is, dealin' with loc's
Fuck what you heard, act like you know
Ain't no witness, just thought I'd let you know
Lay the fool straight out, face down like five-o
Ridin' wit' six birds, this ain't no joke
The murder scene was a deal gone bad
We punked them fools and took everything they had
Now the only thing to do is get away
Cops are on our ass, Cube, should I blast?
Snatched the heat from under the seat
Rolled down the windows to let 'em have it
Fuckin' with this bad mamma-jamma
Yeah, I threw this shit in reverse, grab a nine, by my side
Who ride? Bonnie & Clyde, nigga...

[Hook]
(Thinking of a master plan)
(McDonald's was my spot)
(Thinking of a master plan)
(Right in the drive-thru)
(Thinking of a master plan)
(Gettin' money out yo' ass like a motherfuckin' Ready Teller)
(Now I got ends, wavin' to my friends)
(I put that on my momma and my dead homies)
(McDonald's) (Where ya at?)
(Chain on his neck) (Where ya at?)
(McDonald's) (Where ya at?)
(Chain on his neck) (Where ya at?)
(McDonald's) (Where ya at?)
(Chain on his neck) (Where ya at?)
(McDonald's) (Where ya at?)
(McDonald's was my spot)

[Verse 3: Yo-Yo & Ice Cube]
Run, run, run from the ghetto pigeon
It's all mathematic, weavin' outta traffic
That's the shit I be hatin'
When these fuckin' Daytons, get to Ice-Skating
Yo-Yo, back seat driving, shut the fuck up
You shut the fuck up, learn how to drive
1995, Bonnie & Clyde, wanted dead or alive
Tryin' to jump out the LAPD
Headin' up Century, fuck the penitentiary
Wanna get my shit home to kick it
Knew the job was fucked up when I took it
Shit is scandalous, '95, latest mobster
Shit don't stop, still bustin' out the coppers
Nine in my lap, a fo'fo' in my ride
Still bendin' corners, 'bout to hit the Eastside
Straight hoo-ridin', Bonnie & Clyde'n
All the way live from the Westside
When Plan B to effect, had to do what's next
Hopped out that bitch with the quickness
You know it's all business

(Robbin', stealin', killin' at willin')
(Ike and Tina, Marie and Donny...)
(Robbin', stealin', killin' at willin')
(...Ashford and Simpson, Clyde and Bonnie)

(Robbin', stealin', killin' at willin')
(Ike and Tina, Marie and Donny...)
(Robbin', stealin', killin' at willin')
(...Ashford and Simpson, Clyde and Bonnie)

(Take that, motherfuckers)
(Robbin'...) (Take that...) (stealin'..) (Take that...)
(Robbin', stealin'...) (Take that...)

(Robbin', stealin', killin' at willin'
Always on the go 'cause the shit was always loco)