[Yo-Yo]
I had enough of this shit, people pushing me
I pack a deuce but i think i need a uzi
And yeah (?) get me pissed and I don't wanna blow
Shall I remind you? Yo, you can't fuck with the Yo-Yo
Better watch your back, my crew is out to attack
So don't fuck around and get jacked out there
Get a bigger nigga but a bigger nigga get you smoked
Ain't no body squabbin on the west coast
Have you ever seen a sister pull a nine and straight blow your ass away?
Don't make my day
I gotta get (?), when I stick up on a pussy stroll
(?) off music, but now I'm on another stroll
Holding down all that
And I'm pretty in pink, but don't forget the girl is strapped
Straight case of music on the gangsta boogie tip
I need to know straight up, can you handle it?

[Big Time]
Yeah this is big time (?)
And yo-yo about to rock this mother fucker
And I'm sending this out to all my homies in the west coast!
Yo-yo kick that!

[Yo-Yo]
Fighting to survive in this world is simply madness
Come and take a bite of Miss Badass
I've got some music for your ears
My funk is simply pimpin'
I'm not with that bitch shit, (?) trick
Coming harder than you ever thought
See the shit I got is straight raw
And for you brothers disrespecting
You got to be put in check then
Sisters ain't nothing gon' change
Once we start making these fools feel shame
And just when you thought that my crew ain't got my back
Boom yeah, here they come strapped
You gotta be ready for the shit i got to spit
1993, can you handle it?

[Big Time]
Ibwc is in the house fools
Can you handle it?
My name is Big Time
And this is like that

[Yo-Yo]
Late at night I start to wonder who's hawking me
I put my gat up in my lap before a fool tries to rob me
Got my music turned up to avoid all attraction
You can tell that I'm merry from the way I'm reacting
Going 80 miles in a 55 zone
Can't get caught in the streets alone
I'm on my way to the valley
Make a left in the alley
Then I'm home until they have me humming another song
Three niggas stood in the alley getting ready to get me
Well that's what they think
I pull my gun out my leather blue toot(?)
The other one yelled out Please! ("Don't shoot! Don't shoot!")
By the time he took his step he took his last breath
Off to the crib I went to rest, can you handle it?

Yeah this is how shit is getting done in 93
Yo-yo and the baker boys
Ice Cube is in the mother fucking house
Lench Mob and the IBWC is running things, fool
Yeah! You better ask somebody!