[Intro]
"The First Amendment specifies specifically that Congress shall not-"
"Come on, nigga! What they hell you talkin' about?"
"That means you can say whatever the fuck you want!"

[Spoken: Sister Souljah]
George Bush is a terrorist
(Oh my, it's that woman again, Sister Souljah)
He create terror in the minds, hearts and neighborhoods of black people
(Oh God, she just doesn't shut up)
White teachers'll never teach black children how to survive in America
(She's always complaining, complaining, and complaining)
Because black kids gotta compete against white kids
(And she doesn't shut up, I wish she would just shut up!)
And white people want their kids to win

[Verse One: Ice Cube]
Sister Souljah, hold your fucking ground like I told ya
Cause them crackers them try to run ya over
Sitting in front of my house in a Nova
On your walkie-talkie, why do you stalk me?
Cause the jungle bunny's got money, that's not funny to the feds
Cut my curl and I might grow dreads
Taking heads, devil, step in the pulpit
Cause non-violence: that's a bunch of bullshit
In '92, Ice Cube come a little bit blacker
Buck-buck-buck-buck-buck down the cracker
See ya driving in your Cadillac-er
Through South Central and I just might jack ya

[Spoken: Sister Souljah]
Yeah, that's right Cube, stand strong, brother
Don't change, cause we gotta, we gotta look out for each other
Watch that back, because you know they comin' after us
But we keep 'em runnin'

[Verse Two: Sister Souljah]
I don't care what you say or think
Cause Sister Souljah got a right to speak
I don't care how you feel or what
Cause Sister Souljah don't give a fuck
If my world's black and yours is white
How the hell could we think alike?
I've got big brown eyes so I can see
And my mind don't play tricks on me

[Verse Three: Ice Cube]
Cause you teach, freedom of speech
As long as black men don't say Howard Beach
Rodney King or Bensonhurst
Tawana and Tasha, we ain't forgot ya
Don't say Jew or Korean
It's acting like a bad human bein'
They'll try to call you a demon
Don't know what the fuck Ice Cube is seein'
Get off my dick, I might spray you with the semen
Me know the answer: come, come down Black Panther
To the youth, an eye for an eye
A tooth for a tooth, a gun for a gun
A knife for a knife, and a life for a life, check it

[Spoken: Sister Souljah]
America is always trying to strangle and silence black people
America is the most violent country on the face of the earth!
But they are always trying to stuff non-violence down the throats of African people
Why America was violent in Kuwait, violent in Grenada
Violent in Nicaragua, violent in Angola
Violent in Vietnam, and violent in Korea!
And America has been responsible for ALL forms of violent destruction
Of African people throughout the entire world
Why, in fact, America is even violent in America
...And as for my brother Cube
Some think he's right, and some think he's wrong
But Sister Souljah, I like him, cause I like 'em strong!
Say what you want to say, you have the right!

[Ice Cube]
Sister Souljah, Ice Cube, comin' fresh
You didn't expect this one! [*Laughs*]