[Production by Erick Sermon & Redman]

[Chorus: Repeat 4X]
"I'm rated R, this is a warning" --> Rakim
"Boy you can't fuck with me!!" --> Ice Cube

[Verse 1: Redman]
Nah nah nah, fuck that!
Don't hold me back, the Funkadelic Devil just snapped
With a rap, that's shittin on the story of Jack Sprat
So put your money where your mouth is
Watch Redman house shit
And if it's beef, I'll punch you in your mouth, kid ('Damn!')
I got a heart but my heart is made out of nails
Word to Jamelle, my heart pumps nails in my blood rail
I'm not a warrior or barbarian type of nigga
I'm just quick to smoke your family then fuck your sister
That's what type of shit I'm on, word is bond
Been thinkin' about playing that nice guy role at heaven door
'Cause ever since I was an infant I was different
Paid no attention to my moms when she riffed-ed
I was a hardheaded mother-eff, but had to step
'Cause she hit me with a left, then another left
That's why my brain is out of order
Because it takes just a quarter to manslaughter your little daughter
And do a driveby—fuck that, I walk by and I spray shit
Then carve my name in your pavement
I was Rated 'X' but I flexed
I beat up the devil with a shovel so he dropped me a level
Ain't that ill? That I could just stand and watch a bloodspill
From a known rapper, but now the rapper's no frill
Just because I made a record I'm a star, that's bullshit
What's the flavor, Tame? (Fuck what you heard, this rated R)

[Chorus: Repeat 4X]
"I'm rated R, this is a warning" --> Rakim
"Boy you can't fuck with me!!" --> Ice Cube

[Verse 2]
Back to part two of the segment, the Red bend
Mics of all types, pour beer out for my dead friends
And if I didn't know ya, to hell witcha punk
And tell the devil I'll be in time for lunch (heh heh heh heh)
Got Naughty in my Nature plus I'm down with O.P.P
The best part about it, I got AIDS, bitch!
Psych, I'm only kiddin, only do it to ugly women
'Cause the pretty one's puss' smell like they went fishin
I grab my dick with a tight grip 'cause I might flip
(Yo Red, kick that hype shit on who you had a fight with!)
I had a fight with Chuck, the punk motherfuck
Tried to stab me in the gut, so I dazed him with an uppercut (BING!)
Snapped the neck on Michael Myers then I freaked it
'Cause it was August and he was talkin this trick or treat shit (Trick or treat!)
Jason my man slangs rocks like up the block
143rd and Amsterdam by the smoke shop
Norman Bates work the night shift late
Since he dresses like his mama, I pimp him and his hoecake
Bust a maneuver, Freddy Krueger
Dreamed about me havin' him scooped up
He woke up with his dukes up
That caused me to cut the hands off the man with the chainsaw
Plus I got his brain pickled in a jar
So let's get down with the funk break, 'cause they tailgate
My rap style, so to cut 'em off, I truncate
And rough 'em up, tough 'em up, like bust 'em up
With the one-two punch, like serving a customer
And if you hear a man that sounds like me smack him
Then ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from
I know, from me, THE original P-Funk
See ya next LP, chump!

[Chorus: Repeat 4X]
"I'm rated R, this is a warning" --> Rakim
"Boy you can't fuck with me!!" --> Ice Cube