[Verse 1]
Drivin down the motherfuckin highway
The flyway, "Hey, bitch, you goin my way?"
Now I got a passenger
I looked at the miniskirt, and I'm askin' her
"Would you like to hit the fat bud?
Or perhaps can I run your name through the mud?
I mean, Are you giving up the nappy dugout?"
She said, "No," "Well then, get the fuck out!"
Cause I know where the hoes be fienin'
Plus your fat ass got my six-deuce leanin'
Bust a U on the avenue
Why oh why there ain't shit to do
Bumping Sir Jinx's latest mix
And you thought that shit played out in eighty six
Lookin for my dogs
Looked up in the mirror being followed by the hogs
One time's on my motherfuckin line
Why the fuck the swine had to get behind a nigga like me
They must think it's a G(ank)
They both walk up with the G-L-O-C
(Get out of the car! There was a robbery; the nigga looked just like you. All right, put your hands up, take your pants down, spread your cheeks.)
Started they investigation:
No driver's license no registration
When I stepped out the car they slammed me
Goddamn y'all who got the camera?

[Hook: repeat 2X]
"Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit"
"Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit"
Who got the camera?

[Verse 2]
No lights no camera no action
And the pigs wouldn't believe that my slave name was Jackson
He said, "Don't lie to me"
"I'm looking for John, Matty, or Spike Lee"
The motherfuckers called for back up
I guess they planned to beat the mack up
He called me a silly ass thug
And pulled out his billy ass club
Tearin up my coupe lookin for the chronic
Goddamn nobody got a Panasonic?!
Found an empty can of Old Gold
Came around and put my ass in a choke hold
Fucked around and broke my pager
Then they hit a nigga with a Taser
The motherfucking pigs was trying to hurt me
I fell to the ground and said, "Lord, have mercy!"
Then they hit me in the face y'all
But to them it ain't nuttin but (a friendly game of base ball)
Crowd stood around I said "God damn ya
Who got the camera?"

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
I knew when I saw that deputy smirkin'
That they was gonna put some work in
Mr. law had to hit me in the jaw
Cause I called them faggots with guns and badges
They played rat-a-tat-tat on me head
But if I had the gatty-gat-gat they'd be dead
A victim of a big fat 187
And little devils don't go to heaven
Last night it was eleven but they wasn't scarin me
So they tried the flashlight therapy
I looked at the black one and called him a traitor
I don't give a fuck if you got a Beta
Just take my fuckin picture
So I can go downtown and pitch a bitch about
The one that called me a spook
His name is Officer David Duke
If the crowd wasn't around, they would've shot me
Tried to play me out like my name was Rodney
Fuckin police gettin badder
Cause if I had a camera, the shit wouldn't matter (bitch)

Uhh, who got my nine
Who got my nine
Y'all done did it this time, uh
Who the fuck got my nine?