[Intro - Brotha Lynch Hung]
This song's about homies, man
You know, real homies, fake homies, all of the above, you know?
Kind of a touchy subject man, but niggas gotta go there, you know?
Me and MC Eiht back again, yeah

[Hook - Brotha Lynch Hung]
I had to buy another gun (buy another gun)
I had to drop another homie (drop another homie)
Gotta keep a gun on me (gotta keep a gun on me)
Keep real homies for like, keep real homies for life
[X2]

[Verse 1 - Brotha Lynch Hung]
Where was them niggas when I was broke, selling dope
Outta my grandma's window? No hope, no indo
No homies, just a couple, like Big Hollis and Sicx
Trying to make dollars make cents, trying to make life make sense
'Cuz niggas come and go like the 81 bus
And that's why I talk a lot of shit, I can make 81 cuts
Shit, I was doing bad, down to like 81 bucks
Shit, niggas be hella mad if I buy 81 trucks
I put the key in the slot, I'm about to take off
I'm Nicolas Cage, run up, nigga I'll rip your face off
I don't trust nobody, real homies I keep them
Fake homies I bleed them, nigga I creep like the reaper
And you won't even see him, this muthafucka tried to follow me home
Had me hitting extra rights and unlocking the chrome
I live my life like it's a war outside
Think what you say, say what you say, but it's more about pride
Anyway

[Hook]

[Verse 2 - MC Eiht]
Is there a heaven for a gangsta? That's the question
Somebody might find out, these fools keep testing
All I'm trying to do is feed my kids
And stop the bad dreams when I close my lids
I got a late-night chirp, my nigga got shot
Damn, I told my fucking homie that the block was hot
You made it this far, and now you got hit?
And I can't think straight, I'm on some serious shit
Got me all torn up, I swore to get back
Know the enemy waiting for the shit to crack
And I'm trying to think about my fucking kids at home
And what they're gonna do if their daddy is gone
A thin line between freedom and a D.A
Caught with the AK, a 20-year delay
Now the judge wants to hit a muthafucka with the book
So the deal for the 20 a nigga quickly took
Gyeah

[Hook]

[Verse 3 - MC Eiht]
What's the meaning to this hood shit? Don't ask me
When a hood nigga stuck in the CPT
They won't hire an ex-felon with a record
So I put it all down on record, nigga check it
Gun check .45, it's hard to survive
Enemies real close, hoes trying to connive
And I deal with the stress of the everyday streets
Every block got a nigga trying to hustle for eats
Gyeah

[Hook]

[Outro - Brotha Lynch Hung]
These days, it's kinda hard to get . . . it's kinda hard to get new homies
You kinda develop business partners, and then hopefully over time, you'll develop into a friend relationship
But if not, you only keep a couple homies by the time you're 60 that you end up seeing before you pass
So this is to all my real homies, shouts out to Eiht, Sac, Big Hollis, all my Siccmade niggas
My nigga Funk Gator for being there during my whole career
And shouts out to my nigga Sicx, Max Kunis. I gotta give you that love man, we still thinking about you around here
Fuck what everybody think

[Hook]