Intro
Talking

[Verse 1: Brotha Lynch Hung]
See im finna get butt naked (grrr)
I don't know what happened, see I just saw a house
An a lady up in the backroom
An a cocaine had me dizzy I was also off that wet cigarettes
So I don't know that gon' do, givin' a nigga a permanent tattoo
I spit poison, niggas call chem trails
I mobb deep, nigga, I think I got sickle cell
Anyway, got to stay focused, got make sure this bitch gon smell
I'mma cut the head off, send it to myself in the mail
Bitch, it ain't no helpin' to yell, you gon make it quicker bitch
Chewin muscles like licorice, you wanted to die you'll get yo wish you bitch
Human meat is my favorite dish, and I kill bitches for kicks
(Grrr)
I'm a tyrannosaurus rex, unpredictable I dont know what victim's door next
Get the stick in you torso or more so, cut'em up it was the main course tho
Zippin' 'em up an lockin' 'em up in the zip lock cloth

[Hook: Brotha Lynch Hung]
I did'n know (now I'm talkin' to a dead bitch)
I did'n know (now I'm packin' up a dead bitch)
I did'n know (now I'm shippin' off a dead bitch)
I did'n know (I don't be trippin' off a dead bitch)
I did'n know (I was talkin'' to a dead bitch)
I did'n know (I was buttfuckin' a dead bitch)
I did'n know (I was eatin' out of a dead clit)
I did'n know (now I'm nuttin' on a dead bitch)

[Verse 2: Brotha Lynch Hung]
(Grrr)
Now I'm smokin' on some loud, head up in the clouds (coff)
An I get to the gas station, ride hella miles
Put the body somewhere
Cut up the bodies nigga, I'm leave one there and one there
It was sum like a nightmare, kiss her and slit nigga
I don't fight fair or might there
I told you I be high
24/7 always hella drunk and ready to die
Turnt up
Sum's wrong with my head I might be burnt up
Brain cells goin' extra innings the game all long
Twelve o' clock midnight I'm running through ya house
Opposites is quiet as a mouse, we in ya hall way
An I'm eye rapin' the garage I waited all day
Scratchin' at ya dress with a knife
After I'm done it's about to be a messenger tonight
Kept runnin (runnin), the bitch she made a left and a right
And you can tell by the smell it's a murder session tonight

[Hook: Brotha Lynch Hung]
Refrain 2x

[Outro]

Chasing his mother through the house

[Brotha Lynch Hung]
Come here bitch

Continuing chasing his mother through the house

[Brotha Lynch Hung]
Open the door!!! Ma!!!!
Ma!!! open the door
You lock the...
Open the door!!!
Open the door bitch!!!

Brotha Lynch Hung opens the door stabbing his mother

[Brotha Lynch Hung]
Ha..now...i...told...you...i...was...gon....fuckin....kill...come in...fuckin...kill...you...you...fuckin...bitch!!!!

Brotha lynch hung panics after killin his mother and calls travis o guin

Travis o guin: this travis
Brotha lynch hung: A trav damn man, I think I just killed my mom man
Travis o guin: you, you
Brotha lynch hung: naw, naw I ran up in there man and this lady I saw her
Travis o guin: Lynch!!!
Brotha lynch hung: I was high an everything man just fuckin killed her man
Travis o guin: slow down, slow down
Brotha lynch hung: I got her in the closet, I got her in the closet bro I just fuckin did it I stab her and...
Travis o guin: Lynch!!!,Lynch!!!
Brotha lynch hung: what!!!, what!!! I just killed her man I ran up in the house man I did even give a fuck
I was so high man what, what!!!
Travis o guin: Lynch man your mother been dead for years what are you talkin about man
Brotha lynch hung: what!!!, what!!!
Travis o guin: your mom, your mom been dead for years i..i...don't understand is this a what are you talkin
About man
Brotha lynch hung: Are you fuckin serious, well a fuck it I'mma do this then!!!, fuck it!!! shoots himself
Travis o guin: Lynch, Lynch!!! u there...alright man...ah...yeah
STRANGE MUSIC!!!!
End of the saga