[Intro: Brotha Lynch Hung]
Okay, now that we're here, I can finally tell you guys, what...
What I brought you here for
So, but first of all, cheers to Strange, toast, glasses up
Alright, alright this is how it went

[Verse 1: Brotha Lynch Hung]
I saw her in the woods by herself I had a knife
Perfect opportunity to take another life
Unfortunately I'm fucking ya kids instead of your wife
She was over 18 so she could make her own decisions
Sacramento born so she knew I probably visit
What is it a blizzard? Nigga I'll cut her up with the scissors
Laid the skin out on the table able to stretch it
Picture a nigga bathing in blood and butt naked
I met her at the studio I put her my record
Told her I'd give her an ass cap if she turned that ass backwards
I lifted up the black skirt, stuck a N9ne in her
Pulled the trigger
Now she gone and you eating her for dinner
I never would have told y'all
But I love y'all niggas
Told her my tour bunk was right above y'all niggas
She really wanted to see y'all
But I met her first
She told me she had a ¡MAYDAY! CD in her purse
I told her I was a Strange artist — she didn't believe it
I was staring at the ¡MAYDAY! tattoo on her cleavage
She also had a Tech N9ne tat on her ass cheek
Vaseline
She say she just got it done last week
I said Tech's too busy that's a long shot
See he in the north pole fucking an Eskimo slut
He said the pussy was cold and the rest was all cock
Felt like the pussy was dead kinda like a zombie
I gave her some of that Humboldt cookie bomb weed
She was higher than the space needle
I keep that shit almost everyplace we go
I started cutting up the arms and the legs
And I had the bags in the passenger seat
And a blunt in the ashtray
Now I'm driving down the freeway
Paranoid, hella wired and I was driving for 3 days
I almost dropped the body parts off at the truck stop
Hella tired
Like for 2 hours I sucked cock
I couldn't focus, eyes hella blurry, I can't stop
Going back to Cali ain't an option get caught by the cops
So I came to Kansas City just to talk to Trav
Y'all was on the next thing smoking now we eating meat
I'm on the news, did you see me on the I.D. channel
They got a story about me called bloody candles
They say I murdered hella people
And ate the bodies up
They had some 6 foot nigga play my body double FUCK

[Interlude: ¡MAYDAY!]
Yeah man, I swear he even looked like you man, I couldn't believe it
Yo w-what’d you put in this food man, this shit is fucking awesome B
I swear to god man this shit got me, I don't know man this shit got me feeling fucking good

[Verse 2: Wrekonize & (Bernz)]
We really glad to be sitting at your table and break the bread with the Mannibal of Lector
And this animal flesh just a stab at the best and we expect no less from the gesture?
(Alright, and I seen her at the show of the day locked up what the fuck we eyed)
(This Morse Code tat with a flesh filled high and a pair of red socks that way up knee high, no lie)
This meal is fantastic, thanks for the invite Lynch
Cheers to Strange, too right, The Snake and Bats the shit
(Well Tech is fucking the Eskimos in the north pole
We bath saltin' in Miami where the whores ??? snort blow)
We been all up on your cannibal shit, the cannabis twist
And now we on some mannibal shit, the mammals we get
We damage with the top of our fist an ice pick
Swing hard just to damn and the cliques Strange Music
(Ay that’s what's up, I need an ass filleted in this booth)
(And this meat is a little too tough Brotha Lynch mighta been that you overcooked?)
But back to the matter at hand I know you damaged the fam, which might cause concern
But at the end of the day it’s bros' before hoes', they don’t ever seem to learn right Bernz
(Let’s chew it, the girls came through and got more than she bargained for)
(She had a body that was so damn thick the bowels could rip apart your jaw)
(Scars, hard, this broad was playing backyard)
(So it’s a shame you chopped her up Lynch but life is hard)
And I ain't her bodyguard, goddamn this steak is charred
Pass me the whiskey please brotha, I need to ease the gods
But a demons claws, I scratch beneath the stars
And give ‘em another reason to be up in needing sacrafeasts in large?
[Wrekonize & Bernz]
So we thank you Brotha Lynch Hung for this invitation
And we forgive you for the fan of ours you mutilated
On behalf of all of us in ¡MAYDAY! here’s our statement
We're down to roll with you no matter what the situation
[Outro: Brotha Lynch Hung & (¡MAYDAY!)]
So, t-the moral, I mean
You know basically what I was trying to tell you guys
I mean I just wanna know am I crazy?
(Nah, nah, nah)
For, for eating human meat?
(Wait, Wait? You were eating human meat right now?)
Did you guys, yeah.. you guys ate human meat
So, tell me what you think
(My stomach hurts…)
HA HAHAHAHAHA Human Meat
(Puking)