[Intro: Brotha Lynch Hung]
This song right here, I made this song to... eh
Really say what's on my mind so I hope... ah
Nobody gets mad at me for saying what's on my mind
That's what I'm known for, you know what I mean?
Saying what's really on my mind
Yeah! Ay!

[Verse 1: Brotha Lynch Hung]
I don't think my momma ever loved me
Didn't even hug me, tackled me like rugby
I don't give a fuck, I'm just tired of being lonely
When they beat you up I had to go buy me a chrome piece
I was only fourteen, maybe 130, soaking wet
Three years later I'm at a homeboy's smoking wet
Newport cigarettes, OA English
One year later, now I'm higher than a Phoenix
Two months later I was GBCin' it
Couldn't wait to see my 98 human beings
Light blue regal
I was in the streets before you bitch niggas was three thogh
Sky blue eagles
Momma didn't see nothing, she was off that old
Rocks in my pocket like the bottom of the sea though
Had the fiends walking like C-3PO
Now momma's gone and it's all up to me, so...

[Hook: Mr. Blap]
Hey momma!
I saw everything but love
Had a struggle growing up
Wondered why you don't hold me in your arms
And say that it's allright
Hey momma!
The pleasant memories fade away
Many things I wish she said to me
But I don't think that momma ever loved me

[Verse 2: Brotha Lynch Hung]
I don't think that nigga ever loved me
I feel it in my tummy, shit's getting ugly
All over a bitch playing games cause she want me
Prank calls talking about they really gonna hunt me
They don't understand I was hungry
Madesicc they said, but we wasn't running
Got me an investor with a whole lotta money
Back on Twitter talking "May 6th coming"
About to eat thanksgiving dinner, nigga yummy
They played me like a dummy, what...
What the fuck you want from me?
Felt like it's a wrap like a mummy
Hit 'em up with text messages
I wondered what kind of success this is
Nigga I was set up
63 days and I watched them throw their set up
They never got fed up
Life is like a fat ass bitch that won't shut up
Money ain't everythang, shit can get wet up

[Verse 3: Brotha Lynch Hung]
I don't think that label ever loved me
Maybe it's a West Coast thang, cause they fucced me
Even in my new situation I'm struggling
Feeling like nobody on the label even trust me
Waiting around till I see if they gon' cut me
I'm so giant, rap game's Kobe Bryant
Who would wanna try to touch me?
Running for my life again, running for the Heisman
Nigga if you're my brother you won't hear the fucking lies again
Where the fuck is summer? Maybe I'mma fly again
Fuck you came with I got a box of Timing
Might have to die again, come back to life again
Might have to eat your motherfucking wife again
Thunder and lightning
Standing in the bedroom window, sliding in
Give 'em a headache without a vitamin
Try again, I think we should start all over
Try again, If you say we ain't starting all over
Shame on me again

[Outro: Brotha Lynch Hung]
It's what it is
I been through a lot while I was recording this album
So within it anyway
Everything that I said, man
I really mean it