[Intro]
Not again fool. Come on man oh. What? (One of those missions, I'm telling you) Yeah I- I- I know. (Yeah) Alright, alright, alright check it out. Personal belongings in the basket. Got a bag for you right here, so just put the clothes in there. Take off them muthafuckin' boots too, I got different some newer for you, different trade. Umm, go ahead and holla at me when you done. I'll be in the backroom. I got some shit for you so... just let me know when you ready

[Verse 1: Brotha Lynch Hung]
Now that I know it's time to eat
I can feel it in my gut and I'm 'bout to run up
Put a gun up in 'em, cut up in 'em
Autocratic, automatic reaper
I will leave 'em bleedin' in the street with the heater
Diabolical, after I follow you I eat your meat up
While he's hollow, I swallow a bottle as I eat the anatomy
Amityville, Mannibal, can and he will
Man I'm an animal, when I'm heatin' 'em up I'm lethal
You don't want to be fuckin' with me, I eat dead people
I'm that nigga that's keepin' body parts in the freezer
Shit, fuck her and leave her
I'd rather put her up until I'm hungry then I eat her
The doctors, the coroners, the cops they'll never see her
I eat that bitch up quicker than a crocodile, believe it
Now I wish a nigga would, that's what emcees get
These motherfuckers is bitches, I hit 'em in the cleavage

[Hook: Brotha Lynch Hung]
Yeah, I'm Mannibalector
She's standing there naked, I'm 'bout to get naked
She's tied to the bedpost, I like to give head most
She likes to give head best, blood on the headrest
Strange Music, bitch, you can tell by the necklace
I carry me a chainsaw but this ain't the Texas
Chainsaw Massacre, nigga, worse than the Manson
Murders, I turn 'em to hamburger meat

[Verse 2: Brotha Lynch Hung]
I put 'em in the trunk of the droptop
I don't wanna get blood on my Pioneer boxtop
Operation make pasta
Makin' it, test the spaghetti noodles, I'm a coo-coo
And a local in the [?] with a cleaver in the dresser
Butcher knife and machete, I do you in the poop chute
Poke 'em and I undress 'em and leave 'em in the recipe
I told you I was an atheist, eatin' 'em with lettuce and meat
Puttin' niggas in a wok pot, takin' niggas to the chop shop
Niggas is as soft as a box of cotton
Niggas be off that oxycotton
Probably rotten 'em, body rotten
Obviously potty tottened
Probably not in danger yet, internet cable
Watchin' ID channel cause I'm able
And cocaine in cellophane wrapped up under the table
Ready to murder rappers, cut 'em and clap 'em, reppin' the label
Blue house in the stable, mini MACs on the table
Tornado, NATO, egos get ladeled and they know

[Hook: Brotha Lynch Hung]
Yeah, I'm Mannibalector
She's standing there naked, I'm 'bout to get naked
She's tied to the bedpost, I like to give head most
She likes to give head best, blood on the headrest
Strange Music, bitch, you can tell by the necklace
I carry me a chainsaw but this ain't the Texas
Chainsaw Massacre, nigga, worse than the Manson
Murders, I turn 'em to hamburger meat

[Verse 3: Brotha Lynch Hung]
Fresh out the motherfuckin' county jail
Pillows with no feathers and the county smell
Black sweat t-shirt, brown as hell
If a nigga try to fuck with me I crown his head
He don't wanna get bloody, does he?
I'mma have to get muddy, buddy
Hit 'im with the chainsaw, Cuddy
Leavin' his brains raw, dummy
I'ma have to get silly putty
I'ma have to hit 'till he's ugly
I'ma have to get really ugly
Killing Cuddy, killing Cuddy
Mr. McGillicuddy, he's the high school teacher
Used to take the bitches to the closet to teach 'em
'Till he took my daughter to the closet to teach her
Now I'm usin' his head as my album's main feature
Serial killers kill a nigga not time and I'm the creature
From the black side of town now I'm about to eat [?]
Cut her up and I eat her, crack domes like Easter
Easter egg, leave me, eat her

[Hook: Brotha Lynch Hung]
Yeah, I'm Mannibalector
She's standing there naked, I'm 'bout to get naked
She's tied to the bedpost, I like to give head most
She likes to give head best, blood on the headrest
Strange Music, bitch, you can tell by the necklace
I carry me a chainsaw but this ain't the Texas
Chainsaw Massacre, nigga, worse than the Manson
Murders, I turn 'em to hamburger meat

[Outro]
This right here: this is traditional brass knuckles. This one's already got the two inch blade [?]. Easily penetrate any vital organs. Uh, this right here, I know you lose these a lot, so I got a three piece set of, umm you know, what you call them, umm, scalpels. Yeah I got them three piece set of scalpels for you. Umm. I got some other stuff over here you might like. You know, I know how your sick-ass brain works, so... You know what I'm sayin', whatever you need just grab it, holla at me. Let me know what you took so I can go, you know what I'm sayin', re-up. And, umm you know what I'm sayin', holla at me and, umm, shit

GRRR

Hey hey, man, give me some bigger pants or somethin'. Bigger pants