Sicx (with Brotha Lynch):
Take a nigga like Lynch goin' head up with the bullshit, with the nine
(While my niggas gettin loaded off St. Idez)
Never let a devil go jailbait
The bounty fucks em anyways, so dont trip if im upstate
Lynch'll be that nigga that finds'em and greets'em
Punks like ya'll will be the one that feeds ya

Brotha Lynch Hung:
We rush'em a drank, and let'em try to act grown
Half the 40 gone, to the head, so its on....

Sicx:
To the crib, forget the fuckin motel shot
30 bucks for a nut in a bitch, I think not
And even if ya muthaphukkin bank rolls fat, if I was you
I'd save it up just to pay for the fuckin claps
That the little bitch gave ya
But niggas'll never learn, so let ya fuckin dick burn

Brotha Lynch Hung (with Sicx):
Niggas on the trip about a muthaphukkin punk ass bitch, whos in it
(The triple Sicx), and Brotha Lynch Hung, we let a....
(Bitch), be a (bitch), till they use to it
It ain't nothin but some raw edge bullshit...

Chorus:(2x)
Ba-da-da-dee-da-da-da-da-da-da-daaaaa
Hahaha slum bitch you still miss
Ya dont stop, just ya average everyday straight bump a bitch

Brotha Lynch (with Sicx):
Lynch, givin it up smooth, the Lynch with the muthaphukkin roll
Triple to the muthaphukkin , (Sicx, with the muthaphukkin dough)
And every bitch wanna slang with this
And ounce to the bounce so dont grind no slang
Brotha Lynch Hung, bitch I can't take it no mo'
Put ya titties in the crack of the doe then open up slow
And everything where I left it, you can either be mad
Such dick and accept it

Sicx:
I got a nut for a bitch, who be a squirell who found one
Same fuckin bitch with the hand job...

Brotha Lynch Hung:
Call me the Brotha Lynch Hung
Never let'em out the house
Never let'em off the dick, you dont like wsup?
Never let'em off the bitch
Dont ever try and roll a Sicx....

Sicx:
Get the money and GO!
The bounties on the dice game
A hand full of 10's and a pocket full of cocaine
But my dimes too small, so Im'a grab my 8Ball
And go for the dice brawl
A young ass nigga wit a ol' man roll
The gave double ups cuz the grinds too slow
Still hittin niggas with the Tre and the 4
The devils in the door with my nine held low
The creek mobs loadin'em up
Muthaphukkas better know wsup
Dont look up punk! BLAM!
A nine for ya niggas that are use to it
It ain't nothin but some raw edge bullshit...

Chorus: (2x)
Ba-da-da-dee-da-da-da-da-da-da-daaaaa
Hahaha slum bitch you still miss
Ya dont stop, just ya average everyday straight bump a bitch

Brotha Lynch Hung (with Sicx):
True Lynch with the brotha, (Fuck'em all)
To the raw edge bullshit
Niggas on the same ol' trip
About the same ol' bitch
While me and Triple Sicx
Bound to make a switch everyother week
Now nigga got beef punk nigga you a BITCH(BITCH, too)!

Sicx:
Hit ya too hard with the raw edge bullshit
Steady stressin with the Triple Sicx
Fuck'em all Im a Creek thrilla
Load'em up another nigga killa
Hittin niggas with the cemy to the woomb
Break'em and send'em home bitchin, LYNCH!...

Brotha Lynch Hung (simaltaniously; Sicx)
I got the triple Lynch, called Triple Sicx
Let a nigga be a...
(Bitch till hes use to it
It ain't nothin but some raw edge bullshit)
And to ya niggas with a black God
Im'a tell'em why.....
"Everybodys gotta live their life...?"

Sicx (with Brotha Lynch); [together]:
Craig did it and the Creek Mob's
(Niggas never knew wsup), hit'em the
Creekers last night...
Niggas on the same ol' same ol'
Comin up smooth, while the tens of crack
Nickles with a little moe
(So give it up for da), give it up for the endangered
To the Creek, to the Creek Mob, (and we love no stranger)
For the fact that a young black nigga gotta go AWOL
(Rush'em wit lead untill we back'em to the wall)
[Let a nigga be a nigga till hes use to it
It ain't nothin but the raw edge bullshit!!]