[Intro: Mopreme Shakur]

Open your eyes....
From coast to coast...
Coast to coast they filling us with bullets...
Black and Brown.. we better get down...
They filling us... and loading us up with bullets!!!
On a daily! 90 bullets, 50 bullets, are..are you kidding me?
Yo its not a game!

[Verse 1: Bishop Lamont]

Dear America, machine for mass hysteria
Hypocrisy and lies, but the truth is even scarier
No longer the minority, we now are the majority
So all you niggas and others, they waging war on you and me
Choice of weapons, disease, drugs, prisons and poverty
Inferiority complexes, and reverse psychology
Always quick to talk about black on black in they headlines
I read the census data, what about ya'll white on white crimes
I guess they think all blacks is ignorant or something
Ya'll been killing each other here since the British was coming
Now it was once said by the LAPD
I can kill a nigga and get off Scott free (Damn)
And through my veins I can feel my ancestor's pain
While my elders mad at us like I'm the one to blame
Yeah we failures, cause you done failed us
It just ain't one to blame, we gotta blame all of us (SAY IT!!!)
So fuck me, fuck Farrakhan, fuck Jesse Jackson
Fuck Al Sharpton, now what's the course of action?

[Hook: Sick Jacken]

It's go time, war time, get your guns and burst
They coming for us, so we better go and get'em firrrst...

[Verse 2: Bishop Lamont]

I got a little riddle for the ghetto, bet ya'll get it
What's trigger happy white and blue but always gets acquitted
Cracker ass pigs blast black kids get away with it
Choke out black men on sidewalks, the cameras show they did it
I can't breathe, so you bitches shouldn't breathe
Is it Chris Dorner time, must we murder the police?
Two wrongs don't make a right, alright
But it's hard to really sleep at night
When you keep on taking more black lives
Any second that can be me right?
Or my daughter, son, sister, brother, mother
God damn! Ya'll some evil motherfuckas
And you shooting down my brown people same way too
Fuck black vs brown, let's point them thangs at you!
So...

[Hook: Sick Jacken]

It's go time, war time, get your guns and burst
They coming for us, so we better go and get'em first
You're either with us or against us, get your head cracked
It's all or nothing, ride or die, ain't no turning back!!!

[Bridge 1: B-Real (Bishop Lamont)]

I don't think you muthafuckas understand
What the fuck is really going on man
I don't think you muthafuckas understand
What the fuck is really going on man!!!
(Its another Mike Brown happening right now (Gun Blast))
(It's another Tamir Rice getting gun down)
(It's a new frank Alvarado getting shot down)
(It's another ezell ford happening right now...)

[Verse 3: Bishop Lamont]

The news is always scaring us, talking about some terrorist
But they already here, patrolling, rolling our areas
When they pull up on the side of your ride
You know you nervous
But you ain't did shit, still you might get your wig split
I don't know about ISIS, but I know bout Po-lices
Cause most my run ins with cops ain't been niceness
And now ya'll even shooting little white girls too
God damn!
Nobody's safe from the boys in Blue
It just ain't racism, it's abuse of power
Police thinking that they soldiers, ego tripping off balance
With no empathy or sympathy, you cold blooded cowards
But forgiveness of the killers that kill us, is how we heal us
The choice is ours!!!

[Hook: Sick Jacken]

It's go time, war time, get your guns and burst
They coming for us, so better go and Get'em first
You're either with us or against us, get your head cracked
It's all or nothing, ride or die, ain't no turning back!

[Bridge 2: The D.O.C.]

I'm from the land where they dying every night
And they label you a coward if you running from the fight
Some one'll talk shit, Some one'll talk Christ
Some 6 feet deep, Some getting fucking Life
In the city nigga
These streets is poppin, Killer boys in blue
Die, Sleep, or talk about it
Fuck we gon' do?
Yeah, fuck we gon' do?
Die, Sleep, or talk about it
Fuck we gon' do?

[Outro: Mopreme Shakur]

Open your Eyes!!!!
It's not a game, Stop Playing!!!
Cause they filling us with bullets... 30, 40, 50, 60 bullets!!!
STOP PLAYING!!! It's not a game!!! Don't be a victim!