[Shag]
Gimmie that beat, bitch! (vocal sample: "We Are At War")
Ding Ding Muthafucka
It's round two
I got my lunch and my dinner, fool
You think we gonna bow down to some punk ass niggas
We from the evil side, boy

Chorus: B-Real [Shag]
Doughboy [Killa], Wack 10 [Killa]
Doughboy [Killa], Wack 10 [Killa]
Doughboy [Killa], Wack 10 [Killa]
Doughboy [Killa], Wack 10 [Killa]

[B-Real]
In about four seconds some east side niggas
Is gonna put the foot in the ass of Doughboy and Wack 10
I suggest you stay tuned muthafuckas

[B-Real's verse]
It takes two of you faggots to get with one of me
Now I'm running up in you hoes with "No Vaseline"
You could be the big fish, bring your drama
Fuck your mama, I'll bring the pack of piranhas
You tried to pull a ditty, ho
But you the one who got the alternative rockers up in your video
You get addicted
You can take your four W fingers
And stick it in Mack 10's ass and lick it
Ice Cube is a thing of the past
If I got no nuts it's because they're still stuck in your ass
You're the King of punks, king of busters, king of thieves
Now get down of your fuckin' knees (Shag: Bow Down)
Start to sucking

You tried to remake N.W.A. without Dre and Ren
Dub's cool, but you're fuckin' up with Mack 10
Silly little philly, I'm back tearing'
Can you really see my machine gun turrets?
Open and aimed at your fat little frame
How can I miss?
I'll twist your cap and take your name
Analyze it, my name should be Mack 11
I'm a higher caliber MC, there's no question
Anytime you wann run up you get dealt with
You get melted "Check Yo' Self" (bitch check it)
Ice Cube, you better tell'em (tell 'em mutha-fucka)
Muggs made the best songs on your third album (biatch!)

[Shag (spoken)]
You and Wack 10
Can't deal with this
Cypress Hill to the muthafuckin' fullest
Fuck y'all
So what'cha wanna do?
Bring it on, nigga
This is Shag from the Neighborhood Family

[Shag's verse]
Mack 10 is a bitch, suckin' Ice Cube's dick
But what you faggots know about some gangsta shit? (B-Real: Nothin)
Let's take it to the streets and fight like real g's
What you niggas wanna do? You can't fuck with these
Ain't never had a strap now you wanna gangsta rap
Can't come to your hood cause you're scared to get jacked
Fuck peace, this is war everybody on the floor
When I see your fat ass I'm takin' one to your jaw
Fuck you Fuck your mama fuck your whole clique
Better yet, fuck every nigga that you're down wit'
Unoriginal, can't stand bitch made niggas
Ice Cube, you'se an actor not a muthafuckin' killa
What neighborhood you from? what don't you ever done?
When the shit goes down you the first one to run
Every time you talk got a mouth full of drama
Only missing you done is going to church wit'cha mama..

[B-Real's verse]
You got the Real-a Swingi' of my nuts Cube Killa
Break yourself niga, huh! Give a lick-a you ain't a killa
You a busta muthafucka bitch made niggas
I never trust ya --Cube's "Can't trust 'em"--
Hoes like you can't figure out where you're from
Are you from South Central, the Westside or Compton?
Mack 10, the only thing you hoggin' on
Is Ice Cube's nuts now he's all in your guts
You wanna be like him but you got no skills
If he's the king you must be the queen of the Hill
But I shank the Cube's fat neck cause "A Bitch Iz A Bitch"
And a bitch don't get no respect
No doubt Westside connections means
Ice Cube's stickin' his dick in Mack 10's mouth (Aahhh!)
All of your homies are down wit' my clique
Why you always gotta be bitin' my shit
And you don't know one bitch on my dick
But yours is best get a blood test for your kid
Only bangin' you done was with toy figures
Your mama wouldn't let you hang with real g niggas
Bring your clique on you wanna scrap
So let's get it on (bullets for some chingazos, ese!)
Mack 10 I give you a year I guarantee
You'll realize that you're getting' fucked and you'll run to me
You pretty little trick, you look real sweet (Mmmm!)
I should make you one of my hoes like Cube was for Eazy
Doughboy, you're fuckin' around wit' the real Cuban
I'm no fictional Scarface movie land bullshit, actor, studio gangsta
You should win an award For most outstanding wax banger
Fuck what you been through, what you're going through
East Side family, nigga What you wanna do?

[Shag]
Eastside!
That's right nigga!
East muthafuckin' side
'Til' we die, nigga!
Fuck all you punk ass niggas!
Cube 187
Mack 10 187
Any other punk ass nigga
Who wanna take this beat
187
We hit niggas up like that
We bicoastal, nigga
Cypress Hill family
Niggas better recognize
We here to chastise
Nigga, hoo bangin'
That's how we hoo ride nigga
No love for none of ya'll punk ass niggas
East coast nigga, West coast
We don't give a fuck
Talk shit get shot, nigga
That's how we feel, nigga
Niggas get killed
Caps get peeled fuckin' with Cypress Hill
Yeah, I thought you knew nigga
I represent muthafucka
How does that sound nigga
Cypress Hill Family
They're gonna fuck all ya'll niggas
(Chris Tucker sample: "You got knocked the fuck out man)
(Cypress Hill sample: here is something you can't understand
How I could just kill a man...)