[Voices in the background]
Don't listen to him

[Intro: B-Real]
I gotta kill these, I gotta kill these voices
They're takin over, tellin' me I'm this and that
Making me feel like a fucking addict
Yo, let's talk about what I need
I can't hang with this shit, fool

[Verse 1: B-Real]
Check it out, I'm a menace to my race
I dare any one of you to come up in my face
I live under the gun, die by the gun
When I lay to rest, I'll lie by the gun
The outcome of every individual
Is infection through his poisonous rituals
Some seem to break away from the chains
Of paranoia, stress and strain, I remain
Locked in the circle, never ending, mind bending
Unrelenting, thoughts mending, nightmares
From the past to the present, but I got no future
And no one else in it
So I take all the stimulants to keep me calm
My mind is the bomb about to blow
Let it all flow as I carry all of you
Through my sick thoughts, mental level distraught
Crisis seem to be poisonin'
Everything I touch turns to shit, I wanna flee
But my responsibilties won't let me escape
One solution, take this pain away

[Verse 2: Big Duke]
D-I-M-E, dimin' down to a cell
Drive down, a bottomless well to hell
I feel I'm back in my cell
[?] never knew no hell
To deserve that I serve
But in a joint, you're serving me
A broke neck and drugs worse
(What does it mean?)

[Verse 3: B-Real]
I need help, now I'm fallin' in a pit
And I can't get out without helpin' me to submit
My momma told me that I need jesus in my life
My wife left with the kids, I'm home alone tonight
Maybe she don't got one fuckin' clue
About the rituals, individuals go through
I'm a runaway train comin' off track
Whose to blame for all of my shameless acts?
No one but myself, I step into the
Serious misuse of drugs introduced
To my system, all critical
I'm poisoned through the venoms of my rituals
Inhibitous, pacified, without distributors
Paths collide with mine
Maybe I'd be better off in the grave
Maybe I'd be better off in the grave
Instead of a slave to these pills
I wish I was saved
But there's no hope for me
So I serve and be example of what exactly not to be
You motherfuckers better take head
Try and succeed, achieve your goals, fullfill all your needs
Indeed, proceed with your strife
We'll all fall victims to the needful things in life

[Outro: B-Real]
That's right, we all fall a victim to the needful things
Whether it be bitches, money, materialistic bullshit!

[Big Duke]
What you need? huh? what you really need? huh?
What could you need? what could you need?
What could you need? huh?
The so called needful things in life
I could do without it
Fuck all of ya'll