[Intro: Mellow Man Ace]
Yeah!!!! [echo]
Gunslingers!!!! [echo]
B-Real!!!! [echo]
And now !!!! [echo]
For you backstabbers!!!! [echo]

[Verse 1: B-Real]
They say homies last forever and that's true in some cases
But you gotta keep your eyes open for two faces
I knew one homie roll wit me through thick and thin
We ran the streets taught the world like [ ]
The brother I never had, a couple crook niggas
Just say the word and we ran out and hooked niggas
We had money on the mind we gun-derstood figures
If a robber tried to get off hey:  look, triggas!
It was a family thing and no one could touch us
Til a homie turned green and that mean he don't love us
In back of his mind he screaming out fuckers
Under his breath, "I'm gonna get you suckers"
Sent niggas to your crib with macks and nuggets
And you givin' up all your shit or you feel the slug hit
They took 3 heaters with the [  ] ice
Comin' to find my homies set it up nothin' nice
Funny how they knew where all my shit was stashed
It wasn't a random action to get some cash
I hand it to 'em but their little scam was ruined
Damn I'm doing everything I can, pursuin'
But when your guard's down and you can't avoid these troubles
Put your strap out, go ahead burst that bubble
Leave 'em in a puddle of their own blood you fumble
And they'll be on you like the feds [ ] tax in a bundle
Come on

[Hook: B-Real (sung)]
Night time niggas on the grind
And your homies are actin' shady (get that dough)
Take mine and you bitches'll find
That your head is my 380  (you don't know)
Get in line if you're livin' for crime
If you think you're fuckin' crazy (you don't know)
No spine there ain't nowhere to hide
Man your ass is Swayze (you don't know)

[Verse 2: Mellow Man Ace aka Willie Malo]
I see through the shady like empty coke bottles
Or like Star Search models
Except this one time I was heavily sedated
This nigga want a wife and knew that I was faded
Anyways we was out cuttin' hoes
And mo moes like true motherfuckin' bros
He says something like "Why you cheatin'?
Wifey look good and you baby breathing."
I paid no attention started fuckin' old girl
But little did I know the nigga wanted my girl
And it seemed like everything was kosher
Til that time I had that show in Nova Scotia
Dude show up like he want some pussy
Horny ass a motherfucker gettin' pushy
Told wifey this, he told wifey that
We had mad hoes that was Asian and black
"Your man a dirtbag why you wit him?
You know I got niggas that are gonna wet him"
Bitch motherfuckers that's how they do
Say shit to your girl they won't say to you
When I got back in town, wifey sat me down
She said "Motherfucker what's really going down?"
Tried to lie a bit but she looked in my eyes
She knew right there that the nigga was a liar
The set-up

[Hook]
Night time niggas on the grind
And your homies are actin' shady (get that dough)
Take mine and you bitches'll find
That your head is my 380  (you don't know)
Get in line if you're livin' for crime
If you think you're fuckin' crazy (you don't know)
No spine there ain't nowhere to hide
Man your ass is Swayze (you don't know)

[Verse 3: O Brown]
Called everybody on his phone list
Story didn't make sense, bitch I'm pissed (yo)
To a park to jack and smack miss
They stabbed his head slashed his wrist
Jam back to your crib, to ease the pain
Slammed H in his arm and that's what you claim?
Falls to the floor his arm starts to shake (Damn)
Fucking whore called the medics too late
From the living room floor you carry dead weight
To the bathtub - what for, can't relate
He six five over two hundred pounds
You a buck O-5 and lift homie off the ground? Hell no!
There's two sides to every story (Damn bitch u gonna see...)
Gonna dead up my homie
My tray 8 wants you to get to know me
Set up that date 'cause bitch I been lonely
He's on the couch when they crept up behind her
Knifed her, fail, shot dope in 'er
I betcha her brains on this page
That's her name, wrote this rage
She set my homie up and watched him die
Super max tears coming out my eyes (Damn)
How now nigga that's full of surprise
Won't be satisfied til your body lies

[B-Real Hook]

[Outro - Sample]
"What you want Ringo"
"I want your blood
I want your souls
And I want 'em both right now."
"I don't want anymore trouble"
"Well you got trouble!
And It starts with you."