[Intro]
(Showtime) Who dat? Who dat?
(other gang member) Ah, Showtime, that's that little young nigga again man
(Showtime) Damn, what the fuck goin' on ova here? What he want, man?
(young initiate) Ay wassup OG Showtime man?
(Showtime) Wassup holmes?
(young initiate) Hey man, I been thinkin' man
(Showtime) You been thinkin' about what?
(young initiate) I'm ready to get put down on the set
(Showtime) You ready to get put down on this set?
(young initiate) I'm ready to represent the shit
(Showtime) On this one right here? You ready to die for this?
(young initiate) I'm ready to die for this, nigga
(Showtime) Watchu ready to do?
(young initiate) I'm ready to put in work
(Showtime) Watchu ready to do?! (punching) You ready to - get - yeah! Get him! Get him! Get him! Yeah. Hit him! What set you from now, huh? What set you from?


[Verse 1: B-Real]
Every nigga out there wanna be down with the crew
Some ain't got enough heart let me ask you this
Would ya be down like a soldier
Loyal, and do everything I told ya
I can mold ya into a warrior
Down for your neighborhood
Workin' up to a G with the flava
Criminal behavior, on the mind
When I got ya back ya know I got ya back each and every time

[Hook]
Throw ya set in the air (c'mon)
Wave it around like ya just don't care
Throw ya set in the air (throw it up holmes)
Wave it around like ya just don't care

[Verse 2: B-Real]
It's time to exit that busta nigga
Get ya hands out ya pockets and your finga on the trigga
Let one fly, we don't die, we multiply
Throw yo set up in the sky
High as you can cause you can't fuck wit this
Nigga when I got the Glock ya betta duck quick
Cause I ain't havin' it
If ya got ya gat ya betta start grabbin' it
I can handle it
Soy numero uno, mero mero
You know I run with Muggs and the perro
Firin' up that heater
When I'm throwin' up a set I got my nina millimeter
Los Scandalous, Killafornia, where I'm from
Dum ditty dum ditty ditty dum dum
I'm buckin' on ya ass now ya know where I'm from
Dum ditty dum ditty ditty dum dum

[Hook]
Throw ya set in the air (c'mon)
Wave it around like ya just don't care
Throw ya set in the air (throw it up)
Wave it around like ya just don't care
Throw ya set in the air (throw your hood, holmes)
Wave it around like ya just don't care (got c'mon on)
Throw ya set in the air (give it up)
Wave it around like ya just don't care

[Interlude]
Nigga throw your set in the air, nigga, you know what I'm sayin'
If you're scared nigga, take your muthafuckin' punk ass to church
Cause where I'm from, nigga, on the east side
Every muthafuckin' day is a job, nigga
Gotta handle your business, cause if you don't
Your muthafuckin' cap will get peeled back
And that ain't no bullshit
If you wanna test a nigga, bring it on nigga, you know what I'm sayin'?
Throw your muthafuckin' set up in the air

[Verse 3: B-Real]
Let me take ya to the dark side of the moon
Tell mama that ya won't be comin' home anytime soon
Cause I got ya under my thumb
Nigga what set ya claimin'?
Betta be the same set I'm claimin'
Take a look around count this amount of soldiers
When I'm chillin' on the east side of town
And it won't stop 'til I'm done
Dum ditty dum ditty ditty dum dum

[Hook]
Throw ya set in the air (c'mon)
Wave it around like ya just don't care
Throw ya set in the air (throw it up)
Wave it around like ya just don't care
Throw ya set in the air (throw your hood up)
Wave it around like ya just don't care
Throw ya set in the air (give it up)
Wave it around like ya just don't care

[Outro: Sen Dog]
Yeah, that's right
Straight givin' up the 'hood all day foo'!
Cypress Hill muthafucka, watchu wanna do?
Uh-huh
Givin' my shit up in your face foo'!