[Produced by Erick Sermon & Redman]

[Hook]
(B-Real: "Time for some action...just"
"Time, time for some, time for some action...just") [8X]

(Big Daddy Kane: "Lights, camera, action")

[Verse 1]
(LET'S GET READY TO RUMBLE!)
In this corner we have the funk bodysnatcher
P-Funkadelic and I gat ya
Hard enough that I can chew a whole bag of rocks
Chew an Avenue, chew an off street and off block
Then turn around and do the same damn thing to a soloist
'Cause Reggie Noble's pissed
I crush the whole brain frame
'Cause you couldn't maintain the funk
That have your rap style for lunch, chump
'Cause '92, I take a whole crew
Give them a punch of the funk, knock all of their gold tooth loose (POW!)
To show you what type of stuff I'm on
You can't puff or sniff it
Because I was born with it
The Funkadelic Devil, hit you with the rap level of 10
Then 1, 2, 3, you're pinned
I get action, so everybody jump wit your rump
If you like the way it sounds punk
Pump it in your back trunk
And let loose with the juice when I do rock
I'm too hot, some say I got more Juice than 2Pac
(STRAIGHT OUTTA JERSEY)
You heard me, my brother, I'm laughin' (he he he he he)
TIME 4 SUM ACTION

[Hook]
(B-Real: "Time for some action...just"
"Time, time for some, time for some action...just") [8X]

[Verse 2]
Lights, camera, cock back the hammer
(EXPLOSION!)
Straight from the Land of the Lost
I'mma hit you with the funk force
That make you run your rap style back to the crack aisle, brotha
Then strike a pose like Madonna
My mom's kicked me out because I did what I want to
The original P-Funk, chump, dump a trunk of funk
In your skull caps 'cause my jaw snaps with the raw rap
So color me bad, plus color me black
For the funk that I pack, Red freak it to the funk track
(THE FUNKY FLY STUFF)
Come on and let me kick
(THE FUNKY FLY STUFF)
Just to show you where the HELL I COME FROM
I get dumb with the 1, 1-2
Check my rep from my hip when I have sex
(LIKE THIS)
Make you twist to the list
Of a funky brain cell when it's puffed on a spliff
And all that, the hi hat, go buy that
Listen, look, OOPS, brother, where your eyes at?
They on the floor, pick 'em up
While I pour lyric funk down your brain, punk
Listen to my name, chump
(REDMAN READY TO ROCK)
I got a Glock
THEN, POW!; your body is all over the block
Tryin' to step to this, the Exorcist, kick it
I get mad wicked when Twin cock the biscuit
And blow your head off
Just for asking "Who's the one rapping?"
(POO POW)
TIME FOR SUM ACTION

[Hook]
(B-Real: "Time for some action...just"
"Time, time for some, time for some action...just") [8X]

*spoken*
Yo, 1992, Redman gets paid
Yeah, know what I'm sayin'?
We not goin' for the Okee Doke, believe that
Hit Squad is definitely in the house
(IN THE HOUSE)
For the brothers that don't be knowin', what's up
Word is bond, I gotta show them the flava....

AAAAH...
Back to the funk track, like Black Sheep
My man, he say "Who's the Redman? Where's the Redman?"
I kill, I smother, I get down with the...
(Yo, Red, yo, chill, G; chill, akh
It's over man; yo, you don't gotta say no more, it's over)