[Intro: Sean Paul]
Sean Paul and Blu Cantrell
Remix that gona make ya head swell yo
Yo, hey, yo, yo, hey, yo

[Chorus: Sean Paul]
So what's that supposed to be about baby?
Gal, free up ya vibe and stop acting crazy
Reminisce 'bout all the good times daily
Why you trying to pose like I be acting shady?

What's that supposed to be about baby?
Gal, free up ya vibe and stop acting crazy
Sean Paul give you the good loving daily
Now you trying to pose like I be acting shady?

[Verse 1: Blu Cantrell]
Say you love me, say you love me
But you’re never there for me, yeah, (mmm…)
You  be crying, slowly dying
When I decide to leave (oh, oh)

All we do is make up (make up), then break up (break up)
Why don’t we wake up, and see
When love hurts (love hurts), it won’t work (won’t work)
Maybe we need some time alone
We need to let it breathe

[Chorus: Sean Paul]
So what's that supposed to be about baby? (breathe)
Gal, free up ya vibe and stop acting crazy (breathe)
Reminisce 'bout all the good times daily (breathe)
Why you trying to pose like I be acting shady?

[Verse 2: Blu Cantrell]
You’re only lonely when you hold me
Ain’t got a ride or no loot, yeah, uh-huh
Then comes the drama some other girl
Claims she’s going out with you (Hmm…)

All we do is make up (make up), then break up (break up)
Why don’t we wake up, and see
When love hurts (love hurts), it won’t work (won’t work)
Maybe we need some time alone
We need to let it breathe

[Chorus: Sean Paul]
So what's that supposed to be about baby? (breathe)
Gal, free up ya vibe and stop acting crazy (breathe)
Shady shady shady shady (breathe, breathe, breathe)

[Bridge: Sean Paul]
(Dutty yea)
Why girl (c'mon girl), for the fourth time
If I make it very clear to you
You're very dear to me
And all my heart I share to you
Me not unfair to you
Woman, I want fa real and make you know
That I will always draw near to you
But me know me nah fear to you
Me stand up like a man and I'll be there
Because I care for you
Long time me telling you
No gal compare to you
Woman if you leave me now
I'm gonna shed a lot of tears for you
You want to breathe and still not you're not exhaling
Say you want to leave 'cause this relationship failing
Ain't’ nobody say that this would be smooth sailing
Girl, I want to know why you bailing ship, yo

[Chorus: Sean Paul]
So what's that supposed to be about baby? (breathe)
Gal, free up ya vibe and stop actin crazy (breathe)
Reminisce ‘bout all the good times daily
Why you try to pose like I be acting shady? (shady, baby, baby)

[Outro: Blu Cantrell]
Baby we need some time alone
So we can just breathe...
Let it breathe... breathe... breathe
Let it breathe
(breathe, breathe, breathe, breathe)
Yeah yeah yeah yeah let it breathe yeah
Oh oh time to breathe yall...
Breathe