[Intro: Sean Paul]
Well easy don't worry all you life away
You saying a lot of prayers to the devil I say, I say
Jah live, Jah live
So then me go so then...

[Chorus: x2]
Don't worry (easy you brain), about a thing (do you hear what we say)
Every little thing is gonna be alright (Well listen we again)

[Verse 1: Ziggy Marley]
Woke up this morning, smile with the rising sun (Yeah-Yeah!)
Three little birds, pitched by my doorstep (Yo-Yo!)
Singing sweet songs (hey now), of melodies pure and true (Hey now!)
Singing, this is my message to you...

[Verse 2: Sean Paul]
Hey yo! Hey yo! Hey yo!
Bless up don't stress up and no matter worry your brain
Listen the lyrics what the message contains!
High pon know me guy you know Jah never go on rain
So why body complain, yo
Life is a road so there you fi choose the right lane
Some people fuckers them energy can bare pain
Never acknowledge all a the blessing them gain, that's why we keep on saying

[Bridge: Sean Paul]
Yo, don't worry...
We haffi live life true yeah (Jah bless!)
We know life is such a heavy load...
So why we telling them again!

[Chorus: x2]
Don't worry (easy you brain), about a thing (do you hear what we say)
Every little thing is gonna be alright (Well listen we again)

[Verse 3: Sean Paul]
Positive living yeah-man so we do the thing
Jah-Jah keep giving so everyday we haffi sing
Live up you passion because we know it must live
Who a try test you with negative get a sting
Them kick up a ground and still bow to the king
Evil them plot up that still is controlling
Lie them never trust in Jah love amazing
Fire ever blazing!

[Bridge 2: Sean Paul]
Yo keep moving
Cause we live life true yeah
We know life is such a heavy load
But Jah bless we again

[Chorus:]
Don't worry (easy you brain), about a thing (do you hear what we say)
Every little thing is gonna be alright (Well listen we again)

[Verse 4: Sean Paul]
Yo, hey, so nobody we vex nobody screw hey yo
Don't bother rule everyday that you live up Jah-Jah still a bless you
Even though the clouds appear gray and times are too
Never be giving it up because Jah word is true
Everyday to day is brighter, nobody fight
Every man fi reach a height an come fi know them own rights
A respect one another and a heed Jah-Jah sight
Never lose sight of the light...

[Chorus:]
Don't worry (easy you brain), about a thing (do you hear what we say)
Every little thing is gonna be alright (Well listen we again)

[Outro: Sean Paul]
Stephen Marley...
Ziggy Marley...
Sean-Da-Paul...
So we go so, yow...