Yo check this out, the Black Godfather's gonna take over the whole motherfuckin' world, see what I mean? Yeah, gangsta scene. In South Park, of course...bitch. Peace to the Terrorists

[Hook]
Ayo (I'm the Godfather) [x4]

[Verse 1]
South Park is where I started making money G
I packed a 9 millimeter and dared any bitch to fuck with me
Slanging them rocks and them keys
Left at least 50 dead niggas hanging from trees
Cuz in my hood we don't play that
Gank my dope they'll find you bleedin' with your motherfuckin' skull cracked
A nine is my best friend
Inside my closet at my house it's packed full of dead men
I see a punk ass cop I don't like
Hollow point, point blank range exploded in his wind pipe
40 grand in 30 minutes jack
Pushing kilos and kilos making my motherfuckin' pockets fat
I'm a nigga causing harm
Come short of my money, it'll cost you an arm
The book of slanging dope I'm the author
You better not fuck with the Black Godfather

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
The FBI wants my head so they watch me
But my money's still coming, man them hoes can't stop me
Ain't down with me you get one chance
One chance only, you snitch, call the motherfuckin' ambulance
You know what happened to the last nigga snitching
They found his wife's head cut off, laying in the kitchen
His son was found dead with a cut up face
[Dope-E] What about his little girl?
[Ganksta NIP] She got smothered in a suitcase
Another hit somebody's ganking my shit
Break out the nine and shoot til they motherfuckin' head split
Chop 'em down and yell timber
And if you can't get them, get their family members
Too many hits I'm losing business
So I get some new connections, solo, without a witness
80 grand a fucking day
I'm clocking 20 grand on a motherfuckin' bad day
The Godfather, niggas can't ignore me
I got so much clout, I got niggas that'll die for me
Cuz I'm the Black Godfather
Had a nigga bumped out cuz he was short a fuckin' quarter
I kill niggas for sport
I shoot my own momma if she come up short
The book of slanging dope I'm the author
You better not fuck with the Black Godfather
Or I'll kill your ass...

[Dope-E]
Look look look, lemme tell you something nigga. You never learned my lifestyle of living. I started from nothing. Ain't nobody give me shit. And ain't nobody help me get shit. So you can't tell me shit. Anyways, you don't know where I'm at, cuz you ain't been where I been. Do you understand where the fuck I'm coming from?

[Verse 3]
They say I'm destined for hell, but so what
I got money in my pockets bitch, I don't give a fuck
You can say what you wanna say
But if I pull out my gun, "Please don't shoot!" is what you're gonna say (ack!)
You hoes steady talking that shit
You can't get the police, cuz they're on my payroll bitch
A crazy-ass dope man
Rollin' with Scarface, the Terrorists and the Peter Man
People say I shouldn't have said this
They'll find their family shot up, in the living room headless
When I'm mad niggas get lit up
"Godfather ain't shit!" [gunfire] Nigga get up!
I don't play when it comes to my dope
Ask that nigga they found dead laying with his neck broke
I'm going to hell yeah, that's how I figure
But while I'm on earth, imma be a rich nigga
So I slang and slang, always packing a gun
Before I die I'll pass the business to my son
And then I'll teach him the ropes
Cuz a nigga can't get shit unless he slang dope (Word)
Selling kilos and carry a trigger
Before you die kill at least 300 niggas
The book of slanging dope I'm the author
You better not fuck with the Black Godfather