[K-Rino]
Yo, this goes out to all these perpetrating MCs in South Park who don't know who the real South Park pioneers are
This is for you, suckers
Run up!

[Verse 1: Ganksta NIP]
This dimension is psychotic, no chance to escape
I psychopathically summon visions of vehicles being raped
Quick to daze ya. If that don't faze ya
I'mma travel back through time; then I'mma spiritually re-raise ya
Mirror reflecting horrible sculptures
Of planets disappearing and reappearing in other cultures
Demonic air pollutes [?]
Projecting visions of dead bodies with living split wigs
Evil cuts from six, with the sight sound
Every man is a twix
Women and children get [?]
So much destruction I changed my views
Rewind time: Now reality is new news
Acid, hurricane, rain, heavy screams from pressure, pain
Pistol is punishment prosecuting your first name
Ganksta NIP is a curse
Psychotic demon, I'm imprisoned in this universe
Bitch

[Hook: K-Rino]
One dimension of a Universe
Leader of the SPC, I am the first
A lyrical curse will make your weak rhyme burst
Better hope that you die cause if you live it gets worse (kick)

[Verse 2: A.C. Chill]
I'm a brainiac about to attack
You thought cause I'm dark-skinned
That I can't win—Fuck that!
You best listen if you call yourself dissin'
Mess around and turn your back and find your whole fucking head missin'
A nigga was tripping out. It ain't hard to pick him out
He's the only fool with his insides sticking out
When I provoke, your back bone will be broke
You started all of this shit to get your goddamn ass smoked
Bended the rules, got kicked out of school
My psychiatrist diagnosed me as a damn fool
Rose from the bottom. Rough lyrics, I got em
After a battle, my opponent shook my hand, so I shot him
A.C. Chill on the loose
Lyrics kicking like Bruce
I put this razor on your ass and drink your blood like juice
I'm such an abyss, when I ball up my fist
I knock off half of your motherfucking head, and I still missed

[Hook: K-Rino]
Two dimensions of a Universe
Leader of the SPC, I am the first
A lyrical curse will make your weak rhyme burst
Better hope that you die cause if you live it gets worse

[Verse 3: K-Rino]
In my verse nobody stops or drops me
Picture yourself the victim of a telepathic autopsy
Life is a jail I've been trapped by the powers
But mentally I served twenty years in three hours
First I lyrically fought ya then lyrically brought ya to death
Electrocution Chinese Water Torture truth
Nobody's deeper than K-Rino it's true
To think about me for a minute takes a month and a half to do
Brain psychology, verbal technology
Cracked a rapper so bad I made his shadow wanna follow me
So go buy a pen. You'll lose if you try and win
I'll die, resurrect, die and resurrect and die again
Verbal destruction brother watch that building burst
He tried to steal second base and got killed at first
My record's 99 and 1 in a rhyme
Nah trick, I didn't lose. I beat myself one time
Because I'm

[Hook: K-Rino]
Three dimensions of a Universe
Leader of the SPC, I am the first
A lyrical curse will make your weak rhyme burst
Better hope that you die cause if you live it gets worse (kick)

[Verse 4: Dope-E]
What is a terrorist? Here is the definition
So listen as I explore in my one dimension
A lyrical commentator, pro-black manipulator
Government hater, into violence, Al Qaeda
Yeah, I'm fifty deep as if I was sleep
But as soon as I try to doze off, I get a beep
Time for the motherfucking grand finale
Ain't neah motherfucker finna ban my rally
Lyrical gift kicks knowledge uplifts so quick, shifts
From style to topic subject, I drop that shit
Highly intelligent, enormous vocabulary
Never [?] although sanity varies
Barely dare me, I don't care, G, I share, see
I got six bullets for you, three for the bitch I'm marrying
I bomb your ass with a nuclear
I got a black double-breasted three-piece suit for ya
[?] the gat, put it in his back, and make him back up
Dimensions of terror just struck

[Hook: K-Rino]
Four dimensions of a Universe
Leader of the SPC, I am the first
A lyrical curse will make your weak rhyme burst
Better hope that you die cause if you live it gets worse

[K-Rino]
Yo check this out man. Yo A.C. All these young motherfuckers out here, nine, ten years old. When I started this shit, the Coalition running shit, but yet they wanna front. Run up!