[Intro:]
Ganksta motherfucking NIP, Point motherfucking Blank
Dope motherfucking R, K motherfucking Rino
SPC in full effect
If you run up you will leave with no neck

[Verse 1: K-Rino]
This goes out to gangster G, a test for your crew 'cause you 're wack
I'm handing out ass whoopings, take one and pass 'em back
When I catch you I'ma end my frustration
Give your shotgun my black asshole resuscitation
I play games so A&M thinking I'm a vet
Fuck a tail, play pin the knife in the sucker's chest
Legend of H-Town throwing a fit
Rock the mic 'til it was on the ground bleeding, saying, "Oh shit!"
Little 2 foot punk tryna crash town
I wish you would run up boy, I'll slap your little ass down
Radical rhymes beat a trick like a bat
Charles Manson saw what I did and said, "Damn, why I ain't think of that?"
K-rino's first offence coming fast
If I'm tired I might make a motherfucker whoop his own ass
I ain't lying, my bite will murder my bark
K-Rino, the rough brother from South Park

[Break: K-Rino]
Guess what? I got my nigga Dope-E coming up behind me
Watch what you doing with that knife, man?
I'm gonna kick a rhyme so you better watch you back
Ready to attack
The rhyme Dope ain't it sick

[Verse 2: Dope-E]
The holocauster Dope-e rolling with the Terrorists
Labeled as the scariest bombs are planted when I'm very pissed
Egypt-E with chain it down like Barney Rubble's stick
'Til you gag and vomit
Terrorism continues shut your motherfucking mouth the south is in the house ????
Cause thats where the dope e chill sometimes i feel i gotta serial kill for real, Biogenetic look it up and let it be embitted if dope e said it so give me my fucking credit or you will be beheaded in other words chopped you can be a citizen or a fucking cop, it's a bombthreat and we'll blow your hoes up with lyrics from hell dead bodies i dont give a fuck me dope e im hard black and dark one of the hardest motherduckers in south park bitch

[Verse 3: Point Blank]
Point Blank a rough motherfucker from south park
Taking no shit and a straight up hart  some people say im mentally reactic ?????A psycho prone to bad dreams so i sleep in a straight jacket when i was young i used to do lot of crazy thing like sticking my head back and forth under a guillotine
I felt bad cause my mom didn't trust me maybe because a left that ... in her pussy shit
I never ment to be a bad boy didn't want to be a sad boy now I'm a MAD boy
Killing motherfucker just for looking at me i got upset and choked the shit out my granddaddy man I ain't playing i think i need to be killed had to fuck niggas up just get my prescription pill! Cause i fiend over dead bodies after dark cause im a rough brother from south park

I got my homeboy ganksta motherfucking nip in the house a psycho ass nigga dissing your crew straight out of south motherfucking park!

[Verse 4: Ganksta N-I-P]
Arms, legs, heads, necks and throats, all of the symptons of 26 dead goats. Cocaine yeah it got me addicted saw a cat dead on the ground i hugged it and licked it! A taste of blood just give me smidgeon tried sexual intercourse with a motherfucking pigeon, south park is the ponderosa you think i won't hit your ass? shit come closer
Cause i kill the best I was BORN IN A DEAD FISHHEAD IN MY BROTHERS CHEST  DON'T COME TALKING THAT PIG SHIT CAUSE IF YOU RIP OUT AND GET YOUR MOTHERFUCKING WIG SPLIT TRIPLE 6 WAS BORN WITH 10 LEGS HE ONLY USES 2 CAUSE THE OTHER 8 IS DEAD  I wouldn't stop chopping till only troy?? legs is left within a minute his insides bled to death A and M better get that mud up Troy? on the ground im licking his blood up ganksta nip a psycho indeed i won't stop whooping your ass till your motherfucking BLOOD BLEED BITCH! I CANT BE BEAT MA MAMA HIT ME YESTERDAY HER FUNERAL IS NEXT WEEK thats how it is IN THE dark GANKSTA NIP IS THE ROUGHEST MOTHERFUCKER IN SOUTH PARK
AND I MEAN THAT SHIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
YO TRIPLE 6 let the devil take over your hand on that table and tear that break up nigga