(Intro: Ganksta N-I-P):

Ganksta motherfucking NIP, Point motherfucking Blank, Dope motherfucking E, K motherfucking Rino. S.P.C. in full effect. If you run up, you leave with no neck. *(Laugh fading out)*

(Verse 1: K-Rino):

This goes out to gangsta G, a test for your crew 'cause you wack!
I'm handin' out ass-whoopings, take one and pass 'em back!
When i catch you, i'mma end my frustration, give yo' shotgun (*gun blast*) (inaudible: the black asshole resuscitation)
I play games so A&M (inaudible: thinkin' i must fest), FUCK the tail, play-pin a knife in a sucka's chest!
Legend of H-Town throwin' a fit, rock the mic 'til it was on the ground bleeding saying "Oh shit!"
Little two-foot punk, tryna crash town, i wish you would, run up or i stop your little ass down!
Radical rhymes beat the (inaudible: trick) like a bat, Charles Manson saw what i did and said "Damn, i ain't think of that!"
K-Rino's first offence comin' fast, if i'm tired i might make a motherfucka whoop his own ass
I ain't lyin', my bite will murder my bark, K-Rino's a rough brother from South Park, guess, what!

(Interlude: K-Rino & Dope-E):

*(Background "South Park" vocal scratches)* I got my man Dope-E comin' up behind me (Dope-E: what's up?) (Inaudible: Watch what you throw with that (inaudible), man!) (Dope-E: Inaudible!). Go finna kick a rhyme so you better watch your back, ready to attack, kick the rhyme, Dope, (inaudible: ain't it stick)!

(Verse 2: Dope-E):

The Holocauster Dope-E, rollin' with the Terrorists, labeled as the scariest, bombs i planted, when i'm very pissed!
Egypt E, will chain you down like bondage, shove a stick, down your throat until you gag and vomit!
Terrorism continues, shut your motherfucking mouth! The South is in the house! *South Park ain't soft.*
'Cause that's where the Dope-E chill, sometimes i feel, i got a serial kill, for real!
Biogenetic look it up, and let it, be embedded, that Dope-E said it, so gimme my fucking credit! Or you will be beheaded, in other words chopped! You can be a citizen, or a fucking cop!
It's a Bomb Threat, and we Blow You Hoes Up, with Lyrics From Hell, Dead Bodies, I Ain't Givin' Up! Me Dope-E, i'm hard black then dark! One of the roughest motherfuckers from South Park, bitch!

(Interlude: Dope-E):

*(Background "South Park" vocal scratches)* Yeah! Check it out! Coalition Nationwide damn fool! Got my boy, from Illinois, bringin' the noise, Point Blank! Yeah, what's your name, nigga?

(Verse 3: Point Blank):

Point Blank, a rough motherfucker from South Park! Takin' no shit, and i'm straight-up hard! So, people say i'm mentally reactic, a psycho, Prone To Bad Dreams, so i sleep in a straitjacket!
When i was young i used to do lotta crazy things, like stickin' my head, back and forth, under a guillotine! I felt bad 'cause my Mom didn't trust me! Maybe, (inaudible: 'cause i lid that and made in a pussy), SHIT!
I never meant to be a bad boy, didn't wanna be a sad boy, now i'm a MAD boy! Killin' motherfuckas just for lookin' at me! I've got upset and choked the shit out my granddaddy, man!
I ain't playin', i think i need to be killed! Had to fuck niggas UP, just to get my prescription pill! 'Cause i fiend over dead bodies, after dark, 'cause i'm a rough brother from South Park!

(Interlude: Point Blank):

*(Background "South Park" vocal scratches)* Yeah, i got my homeboy Ganksta motherfucking NIP in the house, a psycho-ass nigga, dissin' your crew straight outta South motherfucking Park, kick that shit!

(Verse 4: Ganksta N-I-P):

Arms, legs, heads, necks & throats! All of the symptoms of 26 dead goats! Cocaine, yeah, it got me addicted, so a cat on the ground dead, i hugged and licked it!
I taste the blood, just give me a smidgeon, tried sexual intercourse with a motherfucking PIDGEON!
South Park is the ponderosa, you think i won't hit yo' ass, SHIT, come closer!
'Cause i kill the best, i was born in a dead fish-head in my brother's chest! Don't come talkin' that pig shit, 'cause if you do, prepare to get YOUR MOTHERFUCKING WIG SPLIT!
Triple 6 was born with ten legs! He only uses two 'cause the other eight is dead! I wouldn't stop choppin', 'til only (inaudible: charred leg was leverred less than a minute), his insides bled to DEATH!
A&M better get that mud up! (Inaudible) on the ground bleeding, i'm licking his BLOOD UP! Ganksta NIP, a psycho indeed, i wouldn't stop whoopin' yo' ass, 'til you MOTHERFUCKING BLOOD-BLEED, BITCH!
I CAN'T BE BEAT, MY MOMMA HIT ME YESTERDAY, HER FUNERAL'S NEXT WEEK! THAT'S HOW IT IS IN THE DARK, GANKSTA NIP, IS THE ROUGHEST MOTHERFUCKER IN SOUTH PARK! AND I MEAN THAT SHIT!

(Outro: YO TRIPLE 6, LET THE DEVIL TAKE OVER YOUR HAND ON THE TABLE, AND TEAR THAT MOTHERFUCKING BRAKE UP, NIGGA! *("South Park" vocal scratches) ("It's the thirty (inaudible)!" vocal scratches)*)