Check it
Another show another freestyle another note another seed sown deep into the hearts of those through a microphone speaking in a hyper-tone flights around the globe from Japen to ? I'm only one man with one chance and one command
God as my witness I won't give in I'm all in no matter how big or small the money's involved ? I'm giving you my all
Every time every line every music note man it's beautiful it's so beautiful
Every city every town every decimal it's irrepressible I'm a professional
Every kick, every snare every line I write
It’s ‘cause you are my light
Every vision, every dream, every sleepless night
Is right there when I hold this mic
? called me your friend even when I didn't call back you still lent me a hand
When I didn't have a cent and on the floor we slept you still kept a close eye
Though I didn't understand every mile I drove every city and home
Another milestone wow you never left me alone though I don't always get it
I could never forget it how you saved me made me forever I'll tell it
Every time every line every music note man it's beautiful it's so beautiful
Every city every town every decimal it's irrepressible I'm a professional
Every kick every snare every line I write it's cause you are my light
Every vision every dream every sleepless night ? when I hold this mic
When I'm out of line you're always by my side
And when I fall behind you pick me up
When ? I feel like losing my mind
? your beautiful
Everytime I fell down you knelt down to help out your so proud of me now
You called me to reach out with these sounds and freestyles overseas to speak out I can see it now you had it planned for awhile when everything else fails
You were where I dwell ? wonder ?
You been here in my world
Every time every line every music note man it's beautiful it's so beautiful
Every city every town every decimal it's irrepressible I'm a professional
Every kick every snare every line I write it's cause you want my ?light?
Every vision every dream every sleepless night ? when I hold this mic