[Hook]
It’s just a Thursday afternoon on one of Venice beaches
Ain’t rapping nothin' serious just tell you exactly what I’m thinking. (x4)

[Verse 1]
Supposed to be headin' to a vintage shop LaPorsche
But I’ve never been right here, you need to see the water
Showcase just hit me said he just had a little daughter
Seven pounds, two ounces, nineteen pounds, shawty
I’m inspired now, I need to grab my apple pod
Damn, no, I left the house without my headphones
But I was taking my brother to set and headin' home
But it seems my Father has got something else in store
Now I’m driving down Main Street
I can’t find an electronic store to save me
Just asked the cop, you should see the face he gave me
And there goes the Sears, don't want no one to see me in here
Downstairs, 19 dollars headphones, yeah!
You mind if open these up and leave the trash here?
That’s cool, here's your card please sign here!
Now let me get out before I hear 'there he goes in there'
I can’t stand the camera phones, I know it's part of it
Just let me get to the beach, I’mma write something you’ll love it!
Just saw you the other night on Wild n' Out, I love that!
That look didn't do much for me, wish I can change that!
But did you see [?], I murder that
I didn't, but my homies said that you could really rap
Tell ‘em I appreciate it, follow your dreams, I mean that!
Yeah, I get that, but give me my pen back!

[Verse 2]
Heading down Colorado there’s a liquor store I stop
So I can get some goodies, ooh wee, they got Zinfandel
I’m just kiddin’ y'all hell, they’ve got good [?]
Don’t act like you thought you wasn't classy when you were sipping
Didn't come for alcohol, just Hershey's chocolate, y'all
The new Vibe on the cover, whoever and wow
Just a little while before my own cover now!
Just motivation, grab that Fiji water, I’m out

[Verse 3]
In the car on the radio is nothing
I would tell you what's on but I'll be startin' beef or somethin'
I’m frontin'!
Pharrell's new records on, it’s bumping!
Can’t wait ‘till I mix mine because I’m stepping over everyone!
[?] It is clearer now
I pull up and you should see the girls flying around
Whip out my Ray Bans, you should see the girls eyeing now
There's one specifically, turn her head a couple of times
I’m used to it

[Verse 4]
Sometimes I act like I can’t see it
It don’t matter, guarantee you front, oh, she peeped it
And if she has me, you respect [?]
She'll tell you in her own classy way
"You need to gone 'head, witch!
Try this and get dealt with!"
And I look sad, all dead but right now it's just my pen, my Pod, my pad
Up in my head and as soon as my feet touch the sand, there it is

[Mumbled Hook]