[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
IRS took all my money, I was a stupid kid
Cause I didn't pay taxes when shit was lucrative
So I had to start over, good thing I shoot the shit
Off enough to not take me away to do big bits
So I say that to say that I'm straight building
But it really hurts when the government take millions
Since I was shady had two ladies to make children
The same time when they do college you break scrillion
So you think of doing the shit that be un-earthly
To be sure your daughter stay steady and up in Berkley
Money be the problem, but other things be here to curse me
Hurt my girl so much she now doing the shit to hurt me
Wifey cheated after I did and skeeted
My life is a Red Hot Chilli Pepper I eat it
Like I'm Anthony Kiedis, I'm heated
So, just like a man, I resort to my penis
So check it out...

[Hook: Tech N9ne] (x2)
I got a blunt (And a ho)
I ain't about to spend my whole day stuck in the funk
So I'm about to get drunk (And a ho)
Sitting right on top of me with that incredible rump
So check it out

[Verse 2: Murs]
I used to have this festival called "Paid Dues"
But I never fully got paid, dude (Really?)
The IRS thought they think I did
And now they after the kid, shit
And I'm the only one in my household that go to work
Ain't getting no pussy, so now I gotta jerk
Feeling like a jerk and that ain't ever gonna work
Playing positive, but ain't getting none of the perks
What to do when your IG popping off?
Snapchat got the gym rat panties dropping off
Saying all she want is this dick, whether it hard or soft
Closest I been to pussy is fish sticks and tartar sauce
And I ain't tryna be no martyr boss
Fucked around and she done pissed Nick Carter off
This nigga Tech got me high and now I finally got a good alibi
So check it out, I got a...

[Hook: Tech N9ne] (x2)
I got a blunt (And a ho)
I ain't about to spend my whole day stuck in the funk
So I'm about to get drunk (And a ho)
Sitting right on top of me with that incredible rump
So check it out

[Verse 3: Ubiquitous]
I got a chick out of town always giving me stuff
She stay mad as a fuck cause I don't visit enough
So she calls me to cuss
I don't know what it was, but, uh, something that I does got 'em falling in love
So we on the phone beefing and she crying to me
Like "U-B-I, you be fly, but you be lying to me"
True, she dying to see where I was and what happened
Studying social media, she trying to catch him
Bad bitch caught him off guard with the condom off
Let her hit, now my dick feel like it falling off
Sperm went and shot 'em off burning like a Molotov
Word to my mama, I'm disturbed by a lot of broads
That's word to mother, son, I cut her off
Baby, she make me cum a lot, but it come at a cost
I got a girl I love, and I lost, we'll never reconcile
She played me like a pawn for the record
So check it out, I got a...

[Hook: Tech N9ne] (x2)
I got a blunt (And a ho)
I ain't about to spend my whole day stuck in the funk
So I'm about to get drunk (And a ho)
Sitting right on top of me with that incredible rump
So check it out

[Outro: Murs]
Oh, man (Ah, shit)
Boss man, boss man
I told you I don't smoke man, you know I don't do that shit
Ay, y'all hear that?
Is that my phone? Hold up
Hello? Hey baby, uh, nah, hold on
Ay, y'all do I sound high?
Fuck! Y'all gon' get me a divorce, man
God damn it
Hold on, baby, I'll call you right back