[MURS]
Westcoast.... {whispering}
Now I don't make mixtapes I don't care who did
I make whole records make more than you did who's this?
Mr. Buck 45 bout to trip on you suckas wavin rags ain't never been crips
It's the Pic-o president motherfuckers know me
I keep it O.G watchin episodes of O.C
I'm low-key blown up L.A grown up
All around the world they got both (bells thrown up ??)

[Aesop]
Hold up, it's a family of folks
Poppin the mids with the smoke when you're broke
Lighten the mood with the comical jokes
Do it to the movement cause the music provokes
Smooth shit you get used with the trueness though
Some of you know livin their life stupid
Got a lotta plans but they never gon' do shit
Til you get off your ass and try to make that music blast
And make the ladies dance, motivate your mind
Advance past the devilish plans
They got your life in they hands
Livin it fast they tryin to take a chance with your soul

[Hook]
Only youth feels like this, looks like this
Then you know it's brand new

[Bicasso]
Makin my mind up breakin' the line up
Shakin the fine whatever was takin' your time up
Niggas they rhyme but they ain't making the A-team
This legendary status seems truly amazing
Stocks and bonds formulated can't break it cause
Eight is enough but true funk we can't fake it
Does the word forever mean anything to you
Well it's whatever we do we stay forever brand new

[The Grouch]
Choppin' it up, flippin it, what?
Zippin' it close hoes don't but your lip in it
Sinister style symphony rippin' it
Fellas L's please ladies put their hip in it
These folks got infinite jokes
Whole rap careers from a templet hoax
Sip without The Grouch involved
Ain't no spout in small streams of
Spit drip while I'mma fountain off

[Hook]

[Luckyiam]
I'm too cool for school bad news and dude
Cocky with nothin' to prove get in the groove
I'm not impressed with the fools you jock
I wrap circles round necks like a noose (??)
They make threats but they run the cops
If I need security I find it on my block!
I got a neighborhood watch you won't walk and
No this ain't talk you best to not cross bitch!

[Eligh]
On tap like a barback black Cadillac smooth intellect
Who's on the next Star Trek with rack-mounted styles that's
Posted up in the studio the sky
Heavens sent get hell bent off gideons side of your minds
Key to the city...
Put on the end of my mission pull to attract
(there is a new group ??) of citizens
In this art that's brand new yet
Older than iceberg slim's view on how to make a little dough
Kneeding young ears into the perfect picture show

[Hook]

[Sunspot]
No holding back here we come as we journey to the sun
With mountains on the one like bubble boy's stun
Deep in trouble boy run like Ghostface
Legends run the place
Hillary bring a new villain to the work called taste
So absurd you fake all you do is hate
Hope the bridge don't break
Cause every problem that you make
Only pushes me further when I'm gone I'm gone
To where I don't give a fuck who's ridin...

[Scarub]
Down the road up the street around the corner and bends
Along the coast of California where the sidewalk ends
Over the county line under the borders
Through the hole in the fence to reach you and your friends ladies...
I make music like love and viceverse a night nurse
With the right words to push your buttons
Like a star 69 my might flirts
They can feel it like the holy ghost through them tight skirts
Oh man amen it's like church bodies (?? put) together
Like hands through our names you outburst like oh my god
Holy shhhhh... Legends uhhh... it feels like this...