[Intro: Murs talking]
Kids! Come here. I wanna tell you a story about how I met your mother. You know she's from the Dime-inican Republic. (Don't you mean the Dominican Republic?) No. I mean Dime-inican because she is that fine. Shut up and listen it goes like this...

[Hook: Murs]
The day that the Dominican dimes disappeared
I was sitting in the park, by myself with a beer
And I almost came to tears for it was my greatest fear
Life wasn't worth living if I couldn't have 'em here

[Verse One: Murs]
It was a dark day
Or should I say a dark night
When the hour glass figures started to take flight
I was in the park right, about 50 blocks away
So it's needless to say that the culprits got away
But as they flew away in that funny looking ship
I immediately missed those perfect shaped hips
And those soft full lips I would never get to kiss
Miss Cocoa Complexion
No hopes for erection
All summer long
The best thing that God ever...put into a thong was now gone
So I had to get 'em back
Went to swoop 'em all up in my A.G. Cadillac
That's anti-gravity and I roll rapidly throughout the cosmos
Went from galaxy to galaxy but never came close
Returned to Earth without hope and in a weird sort of way
It was like I never left
It was a year to the, year to...

[Hook: Murs]
The day that the Dominican dimes disappeared
I was sitting in the park, by myself with a beer
And I almost came to tears for it was my greatest fear
Life wasn't worth living if I couldn't have 'em here
The day that the Dominican dimes disappeared
No longer will they walk through The Heights and bring cheer
From the rear that is
Did you hear that? Yup
No longer will they walk through the hood and strut

[Verse Two: Murs]
What? That's the only reason that I come to New York
Is to sit up on the porch and watch 'em in they shorts
While I'm sipping on a quart on Ballantine ale
They be sexy as hell
But look, back to my tale
Since my trip interstellar was a certified failure
I had to call around and get some help from my fellas
I called Aes Rock to see if he had seen 'em
Cause I had him on the lookout from the Bronx to Medina

[Aesop Rock]
Murs, I haven't seen shit

[Murs]
Before I hung up the receiver
I said keep up the work and thanks for the favor
He asked if I could pay him cause man

[Aesop Rock]
This is labor

[Murs]
Next I called the savor
The uptown Jesus
I said, "Slug they hit the Heights and they stole all the hotties."
He said
"I just, might just, kill somebody" - Atmosphere 'Between The Lines'
I said, "Man I feel you and I would do anything
It takes to bring back these uptown queens."

[Hook: Murs]
The day that the Dominican dimes disappeared
I was sitting by myself in a park with a beer
And I almost came to tears for it was my greatest fear
Life wasn't worth living if I couldn't have 'em here
The day that the Dominican dimes disappeared
No longer will they walk through The Heights and bring cheer
From the rear that is
Did you hear that? Yup
No longer will they walk through with the big ass, big ass...

[Verse Three: Murs]
Butt
I never said that they didn't come back
Cause when I flew back to L.A. in my new Cadillac
I kept running across these brown skin girls with hella back
I was confused at first, then I realized that
God had answered my prayers, that I've been saying for years
He had an angel pick him up and drop 'em off right here
And I couldn't be mad cause how would that sound?
And they can wear tight shorts and short skirts year round

[Outro: Murs]
Yeah! Fuckin' A yeah! Whoo hoo!