2012 the Mayan disaster
Keep one eye on your government the other on your pastor
Religious folks live in fear of the rapture
Me, I'm just thinking about what's going to happen after
Do we begin a new chapter?
Do I get to face off with God like Castor?
Will he answer all my questions?
Fully take my suggestions?
The reverend said never question, have faith
A man without faith is worthy of god's hate
But if god feels emotion is he safe to trust?
And if god does hate then does he hate us?
So much pain and suffering
So many people struggling but still have love for him
A miracle in and of itself
Living in poverty with spiritual wealth
It's hard not to be amazed by that
So do you live your life on faith or based on fact?
Was god watching when they shot my homie dead
In front of the church in the back of his head?
With that said, I'm still alive making bread
So I'm guessing its a blessing that his daughters stay fed
When things go bad then the devil gets the cred
But when everything is right it goes to god instead
Or is there even just one
A god of the sea and a god of the sun
We frown on polytheism
But in our schools we still teach Greek wisdom
What about the Egyptians?
They served many gods while charting the solar system
Are the gods just selfish?
Or too busy to help us?
Was Olympus just one big club
Where the gods got to party and the mortals got snubbed?
Are we just pawns to be pitied
While they play a divine game of vice city?
Are they really all the same?
Just one god with a bunch of different names
Who's to praise it and who's to blame?
To whom goes the glory and to whom the shame?
An Israeli walks into a masjid
AK 47 in hand blastin
Murder many while they were making salah
Turned around and left the temple, he was shot
Is Allah not victorious?
Is Yahweh not glorious?
Is it a sin to be curious?
The way religious separates us all makes me furious
We're at war, we're the half of the unseen
So much blood on our hands, we are unclean
Murdering in the name of your god is still murder
Call it crusade or jihad, it's still murder
Who deserves the right to decide
Whether one human being lives or it dies?
Is it in the eyes of a holy man?
A pedophile that's protected by the Vatican
So sick and self righteous
How can you place your faith in men like this?
When none of us knows for sure
And that's what makes a man of faith so pure
Never debate with such difficult men
It soon becomes a battle of invisible friends
When none of us will know until the end
And when you're gone you can't come back to tell your friends
You won't know until it's too late
Wasting time stressing guessing Armageddon's due date
I won't worship a god that hates
That won't support the right to abort after rape
Did we really come from apes?
Did the earth just take 6 days to create?
He rested on the 7th, I'mma rest on this
Without our belief then god don't exist

Is anybody out there?
Do the gods even care?
Are they even aware?
Or are they just caught up in their own affairs?
Is anybody out there?
Do the gods even care?
I swear it's just not fair
All I have is my doubt and some unanswered prayers

Yeah but basically man, I'm not trying, like, to get in anybody's faith or nothing. But why battle me over something none of us can prove? It's not like math. It's not a fucking science. It's literally your faith, so keep your faith and live a good life and leave me the fuck alone

Have the gods gone crazy?
Honestly yo it wouldn't amaze me
Cause with all I've seen lately
I've started thinking just maybe
Maybe they have lost their minds
Or are we just living at the end of times?
They say it's part of some grand design
Sometimes I be thinking that it's all in our minds
Have the gods gone crazy?
Honestly yo it wouldn't amaze me
Cause with all I've seen lately
I've started thinking just maybe
Maybe they have lost their minds
Or are we just living at the end of times?
They say it's part of some grand design
Sometimes I be thinking that it's all in our minds

Your holy books can't save me
The gods have gone crazy
The gods have gone crazy
The gods have gone crazy
Tell your pastor come debate me
The gods have gone crazy
The gods have gone crazy
The gods have gone crazy