She's always going through my phone and trying to smell my clothes
She always asking me for money like I'm selling hoes
I'm super faithful but there's nothing I can tell this ho
I. Can't. Stand. This. Bitch

She's always telling me how much she fucking hates her friends
They fight, they make up, they fight – and now they friends again
She cries, she laughs, and then she cries – it's like it never ends
I. Can't. Stand. This. Bitch

She's anti-social, emotional, because she hates her father
I try to treat the psychosis but that just makes it harder
Sometimes she acts like my wife, sometimes she's like my daughter
And every time I raise my voice she say she's pressing charges
Taking all this punishment, I'm like a motherfucking martyr

We've been together, steady forever since grade six
Love notes, Lemon Heads and them Chick-O-Sticks
It was puppy love, now all we got is dog shit
I. Can't. Stand. This. Bitch

[Interlude]
So then I got a white girl
And I never really dated outside of my race before
But then I figured.. fuck it, why not?
You know, my mama always said
If she can't use my comb, don't bring her home
But now that I'm living on my own I'm like.. fuck it

Pretty blonde girl, from the Upper Westside
Met her at a block party out in Bed-Stuy
Could tell from her earrings and her red eyes
That this white chick really liked the dread guys

So I moved in
It was an easy win
And then I moved in
Life was easy then
I could come, I could go as I please
A doorman with my own set of keys

But she could never relate to me
Every word that she said about my race seemed like hate to me
Guilty white liberal bullshit, empty empathy
Despite all the pimp in me, I had to leave eventually

Yup. Even though the rent was free
She was into self-hate, she wasn't really into me
What she wanted was a white mandingo
Big black dick with mindset of a Gringo

"You can say the F word and ?? How is that ok?"
"It kinda.. feels like a Brillo pad."
"My best friend was black. I mean, he's still black.. we're not really friends anymore."
"Hey! Do you know a 'Tyrone Jenkins'? He just requested me.. I don't know, he's black?"