[Chorus]
It's us again
Living Legends you can tell a friend
It wouldn't hurt you, let this work you as the record spins around
Through the thick and thin
When know we in and, we gon' win again
We makin' music, you can use it to the very end

[Verse One: Scarub]
We make music for the times to come
The types of rhymes to shine
All up in your mind like the golden sun
Futuristic Mystik Journey type of music
Makin Gypsies type of movement
Movin' fluid when we doin' it
The type of music that you playin'
When you runnin' from the man
----?
And gas almost done
It's pressure buildin type of music
You can lose it if you're new to this; clueless
Might hurt yourself tryna figure out who this is
See when the air is thick and the streets are charged
All that's needed is a spark to -----? of safety
We melt the mirage
Come really see how shaky your chances are
To stop --- to not at all from maybe

[Verse Two:  PSC]
Now I'm rollin' out the carpet
Pick the color of your liking
It's exciting when the writing is inviting and enticing
It's the icing on the cake
I ain't fuckin' with the fake
That means I'm celibate to the bullshit
I'll ----?
On the scene
To the hipster I'm Mr. Impossible
Killed off they trucker hats
Lucky is the officer
Of California music
With the obstacles defeated
The author? slash father
Of the daughters really need 'im
Excuse me hippies, computer nerds and gangsters
I'm thankin' all of yall
All aboard, get involved
This is nerd rap on steroids (sike)
It's the killjoy for the wack shit
That's practiced and packaged in acting?

[Hook]
Conception, from the mind to the pen, to the session
From the paper, to the track we' connectin'
Livin Legends
We think, we bust, we real, that's us
Conception, from the mind to the pen, to the session
From the paper, to the track we' connectin'
Livin Legends
We think, we bust, we real, that's us

[Verse Three: Eligh]
Get to steppin' when I pick my weapon
Ricochet rottweiler bite to the neck in the session
Only question- is who's next for a lesson
Scribe on a chalkboard with a sword
Live and impertinent, hurtin a ear tunnel
To hear a ---? a blow and survive the puncture - boom
Consume the womb of a --? woman fuckin' and ---? a bust inside her
Without a condom- create a new life
Put it up for adoption when you --? and your knew --?
Nobody's there to stop you when you're confident
From both sides of the brain
With an aim to stay in the game
With the blood and the sweat and the tears
That I shed for my peers
Be here make it clear
We never fear the future because the future's a day behind
You can catch the bus with us
Or sit in back with father time

[Verse Four: Grouch]
I'm out the gate like Seabiscuit, free with it
Countless bars, others pay to see me lift it
Raise It Up like Slum
I made it up baby, if it's Yuk, I'm Knum
Stinky, pinky, shrink me, shrunk me, done
You think we kinky, me thinky...you dumb
I run my mouth like the south run the radio
Round the clock, I love bass heads daily grow
Backward, that's awkward, I observe
One with the Earth man even if I'm on swerve
Towards the bull, headed for the course
To pull you in fool
What pool you in?

[Chorus]
It's us again
Living Legends you can tell a friend
We wouldn't hurt you, let this work you as the record spins around
Through the thick and thin
When know we in and, we gon' win again
We makin' music, you can use it to the very end

[Verse Two: Murs]
Yes, M.U.R.S., fresh off the Mid-City block
Heard some of y'all say we really ain't hot
I could give a fuck less than an inner city cop
Got my ass on a jet, Ipod fully stocked
I'm a P.I.M.P.3
Rhyme book steady screamin' in my ear like "empty me!"
Into a whole clip, until I hear it go "click, pow"
Here's a sick style, suckers tryin' to get down
And don't get yo ass up until I tell you to
Double L's the crew
Without them initials (what?)
You couldn't make a call
These players couldn't ball
But most importantly
We couldn't do this for y'all