[Verse 01: Murs]
No chain, tattoos where you can't see
I'm the one, I'm the man that you can't be
Decade and plus in the game, I got a name
While a lot of these commercial ass rappers should be ashamed
Sold your soul for that 15 minutes
You was in, you was on, you was hot, now you finished
I represent the real hip-hop
For my homies that still sell pills and load Glocks
I told them young dudes clean your money up
There's a recession and it's the perfect time for comin up!
You can listen to these rappers if you're dumb enough
Or smile, get money, have fun, be one of us
Why you acting tough for?
Wouldn't throw a cream-puff in a cupcake war
It's not real, it's all what you make it
All you got is your word and you're fucked once you break it

[Hook: Murs]
Life is a myth and time is an illusion
I'm a light shining through the confusion
We sell frequencies designed as music
All I do is kick rhymes, have fun, and do cool shit

[Verse 02: Ab-Soul]
If it wasn't for this hip-hop ish, I'd probably lose it
The real thinker: don't confuse me with Confucius
Cut on your blinker, get it right, I'm the prototype
I spit like I mix chemicals in beakers
Way before I heard my words thumping out a speaker
I knew I was too cool to play follow the leader
Everything I do goes over the head of overachievers
We can discuss this over lunch, it's over when I dump my thesis
Fuckin' punks, runch of bitches: y'all should wear pumps
Square up, run to Orange County for a "fair" one
I'm out your frequency, don't speak to me
Reason be I'm like a deity, I'm the elite
MURS: bow our heads, bon apetit
Let's turn Paid Dues into Coachella and have a feast!
This rap game is full of lames driving themselves insane
Looking for a lane, mayne

[Hook]

[Verse 03: OC]
This is grown-man talk
Head up high with pride is how I walk. Take notes from the source
It's ? analog and the 2-inch ?
You had to show and prove the skill to cop you a deal
Co-signs was void, shortcuts didn't exist
You had to go hard in the paint to score
Testing time to separate the weak from those
Who had abilities to transcend beats in other words, yo
You had rappers, and then you had emcees
? Melly Mel G Rap and O.C
Busy B, Starsky, Old Varsity
Sideways talk nowadays: larceny
Fast forward, present time, now it's something called 360 deal
Idiots ask where do I sign?
Bend over! Face down, gettin dick from behind
I'm shaking my head thinking you out your cotton-picking mind!

[Hook]