What up, though

[Intro]
(Ladies and gentlemen:
To those of you who are easily frightened, we suggest you turn away now
To those of you who think they can take it, welcome… to the mad house)

[Verse 1]

We in this motherfucker, we going crazy
Hoodies up, trainers on, everybody shady
Take your shots at the bar, the liquor don't faze me
Gentlemen and Ladies
Welcome to the (mad house)

The bass'll blow your chest off, we party on the low end
Staring at the DJ, we know we finna go in
We goin' all out, everybody shown' out
Ladies and Gentlemen
Welcome to the (mad house)

The bass kick hits low, certified schizo
Ears ringing all night, you know how this shit go
Acting like you don't when you know what this shit about
Hummer say it one more time (Welcome… to the mad house)

Massive in the dance, got the magic in my hands
I'm a take a quick pull then I pass it to my man
And I'm so lit, on one, banging 'till the song done
Damn, what you looking at? Homie, I'm the wrong one

Badman, big boy, playing with them sick toys
[?] up in this bitch, I'm making big noise
Ha, screaming at these motherfuckers
What it is, my whole team up in these motherfuckers

My clan, my clique, my crew, my troop
We sweating up a storm, we ain't trying to be cute
Assholes, elbows, Timbos, shell toes
2 AM, the bar close, we going home? Hell no!

(turn away now)

[Interlude]
What up though...
Shout out to LA, to the UK, [?], Pure Filth, 3x, Breakage, and my motherfucking DJ Magi, Chase & Status!

(Ladies and gentlemen:
To those of you who are easily frightened, we suggest you turn away now
To those of you who think they can take it, welcome… to the mad house)

[Verse 2]
We back at it, analog static
Music so thick that you feel like you could grab it
The bass cabinet slappin', everybody packed in
It feels like you trapped in a motherfucking (mad house)

Insane and crazy, sick with it, manie
Berzerk, bananas, can't none of y'all save me?
I'm out of line, I'm ahead of my time
Take a look into my eyes, it's a motherfucking (mad house)

Blacked out, hammered down, nigga, why you standing 'round?
Everybody standing 'round, come on, man, we getting down
Throw your hands up, Chase & Status, this is killer shit
Ladies up in this bitch… (welcome… to the mad house)

I can't hear you over this baseline
Shut the fuck up bitch, y'all niggas can't rhyme
(y'all niggas can't rhyme) y'all niggas can't rhyme
(y'all niggas can't rhyme) y'all niggas can't rhyme

I can't hear you over this baseline
Shut the fuck up bitch, y'all niggas can't rhyme
Y'all niggas can't rhyme
(y'all niggas can't rhyme) you motherfuckers can't rhyme, ha!

[Outro]
Word up! From Mid City to Brixton
Motherfuckers talking shit, man, like
I've been in the basement with the Pure Filth crew and, dancing to this dubstep shit way before y'all motherfuckers thought it was cool
So say what you want, but you can suck my dick, man
Shout out DJ Magi, Chase & Status, living legends
Murs, motherfucker, for President

(Turn away now!)

(Welcome!)