[Verse 1: Murs]
Everybody grabbing they guns
Trynna be that cowboy walking into the sun
It's the wild west, never know who's gonna shoot ya
But to stop an intruder, do we really need bazookas
Get back to me
Didn't think so, running from ???
Running to the left cause the right seem to think slow
I am not naive, nor do I believe
That by having no guns, peace will be achieved
Look, I believe in The Second Ammendment
But not an AK with a clip that's extended
What's that gonna do? Protect you from the government's F16s, submarines and the other shit
You're only kidding yourself
Truth is that most of those guns just sit on the shelf
Guns don't kill people, people killing they self

[Hook:Macy Gray]
No war(x3)
We're singing no more war
(We're yelling)
No more, no war, no more
We're singing no more war
(We got the people yelling)
No war(x3)
We're singing no more war
(We're yelling)
No more, no war, no more
We're singing no more war

[Verse 2: ???]
They got heathens releasing demons and inseminal difference
Between the seasons they're reaching for reasons to keep me from breathing
To seeing the young beating the blood out the innocent
Large country, small town, middle sized tenements
We don't start the wars, we're caught up in the midst of it
Innocent die, little kids cry, it's ridiculous
Forget those they know not, hard when they hold Glocks
At road blocks and have the right to search through your whole spot
They not how we think, I throw rocks at precints at protests
Nowadays most cops they need shrinks so they know to serve and protect
Protect the rich and treat the poor like they never heard of respect
We're yelling...

[Hook]

[Verse 3: ???]
Wish it was all peaches and sunshine
Real shit, never reported on headlines
Like under attack right now
And slayed to death, lynched with the same [?] for cows
Lassos, assholes, the bullshit plow
To my brains until that nuke bomb go blow
Financial Hiroshima, collapse of the dollar
When I was just tryna make it rain on the [?]
Got home [?] stuck me up front of my momma
Tryna get home 'fore body scanned like it's TSA
Martial law runs shit, takin' my DNA
TNA, how you get slapped, it's child's play
[?] government [?] reserve bank
Third eye been closed since we were on the boat
We only see the Federal Reserve notes
Capitalism runnin' it, wish freedom could get...