[Verse 1: REVERIE]
I can't wait to quit this fuckin' job
Light up my cigarette
Exhale the negativity and hop on to the bus
I'm stinkin' like some french fries
I'm thirsty, I'm tired
Tomorrow I might cuss my boss out and get fired
Sittin' in the corner, mindin' my business
The fuck this bitch lookin' at? I know she hella trippin'
(Fuck you lookin' at?)
Got nothin' better to do than start problems on public transportation
What a pathetic existence
She's doggin' with persistence, uh
This bitch is comin' up to me, girl you don't wanna fuck with me
Waste no time, post up, blows thrown
The shit you gotta deal with in the big city just tryin' to go home
What a shitty day, can't wait to hit my sheets
I can't wait to get my car I'm fuckin' tired of these streets
(I'm fuckin' sick of this fuckin' bullshit)
Yo, today been hella breezy, receivin' hella tips
Next customer in line, I can't believe it's that bitch (Oh hell no)
I gotta be professional, so I ain't poppin' off
But don't trip, I'll put that special in that extra special sauce, hoe

[Hook: Murs]
One uh those, One uh those, One uh those
One uh those , One uh those days
One uh those, One uh those, One uh those
One uh those , One uh those days
One uh those, One uh those, One uh those
One uh those , One uh those days
One uh those, One uh those, One uh those
One uh those , One uh those days

[Verse 2: Murs]
Hope I don't go back to slangin' yayo
Roll a dollar, about to head up to Drayo's
Never had to lay low
Always had a halo
Plus I got a bitch to suck my dick when I say so
And Ayo
The fuck?
This nigga hit me up, out the side of his truck
I'm like.. what?
Nigga this midtown
Bust a U-Turn if you really wanna get down
Oh shit, he really 'bout to turn around
Hol' up
Let me turn my music d- I said, say my nigga
Oh shit, he pullin' out the hammer
A left-minded home, I was in my pajamas
See, I woke up late
Realized I hadn't ate
Went to my favorite place and thought that I would be straight
I hop back in my whip, tried to run the nigga over
Hopin' that he didn't see the plates on the Rover
Made a right on Cloverdale, then a left
Parked in the driveway, then ran up the steps
I grabbed my piece, hopped back in the streets
I know this young motherfucker don't really want beef
Look, I'm 30-something, still down to murder something
But when I stopped to think about it, it was all over nothing
So fuck it
I'm about to head to the crib
Then... Aww, shit
Look who it is!
I know this motherfucker ain't really gettin' tacos
I parked in the red, grabbed my shit and I walked slow
Right up behind him, I put my gun in his back
I said, "Yeah my nigga, what was up with all of that?"
"Fuck what you wanna do, this what you gonna do."
"Hands in your pocket, keep your eyeballs in front of you."
Then this lady came and kissed him on the cheek
He said "Hi, Mom", and then they both start to speak
I said, "Ah, shit. This young punk."
"He gangbangin' when he 'bout to meet his mama for lunch?"
The line for the tacos was long anyways, so I walked off laughin'
It was one of those days

[Hook: Murs]
One uh those, One uh those, One uh those
One uh those , One uh those days
One uh those, One uh those, One uh those
One uh those , One uh those days
One uh those, One uh those, One uh those
One uh those , One uh those days
One uh those, One uh those, One uh those
One uh those , One uh those days