[Intro: Dionne Warwick & Locksmith]
It is written in the stars
This enchanted love of ours (Woo!)
It is written in the stars (Uh-huh, yeah)
This enchanted love of ours (Yo)

[Verse 1: Locksmith]
In 2015 I met Dr. Dre (What?)
He told me come to the studio, I was on my way (Damn)
A beach house that was overlooking the ocean (Mm)
I should've been celebrating, instead had mixed emotions (Damn)
On the terrace with Xzibit exhibiting what defines me (Yeah)
Deep down inside I'm like, 'I hope he doesn't ask to sign me'
'Cause there's no way I can turn down an idol
But carving my own lane to sustain, I know it's vital
I would rival with my thoughts, am I sabotaging myself?
I could stay independent or sit on somebody's shelf
Fuck that, I'm hardheaded, I threaded my own needle (Yeah)
Stitched my own career and gave fear a upheaval
If I listen to people I'll be deeper in the red
Instead bet on myself and learned to keep myself fed
It's said the fault ain't in the stars that we choose to view
But rather in the hearts of the men that go askew, who knew?

[Chorus: Dionne Warwick & Locksmith]
It is written in the stars
It's written in the stars, I can see it now (I can see it)
This enchanted love of ours
We took it too far just to leave it now (Uh-huh)
It is written in the stars
It's written in the stars, I can see it now (I know)
This enchanted love of ours
We took it too far just to leave it now
It is written in the stars
(It's crazy man, it's like
You never know where life will take you)
This enchanted love of ours

[Verse 2: Murs]
I saw it in the sky, it's like they all congregated
Spelled it out for me, you could say that it was constellated
I know that's not a word, but fuck it, now it is
[?] language is tellin' you how it is
It's deeper than them trap beats that coons be spittin' on
Shootin' for the stars? Then the moon is what you trippin' on
Cricket told me I should find me one to wish upon
I was sittin' home, spittin' poems into my dictaphone
Live from the block that my homeboys was crippin' on
Tryna make a dollar out of fifty, they said, "Get the chrome!"
Gang bangers testin' me, gave me crack recipes
Found a different way to eat, the streets was not my destiny
Manifested unique rhyme styles (Murs)
Crip walkin' on Mars, damn, my child'll be the first
My dreams are generational, hood but still sensational
Them iridescent specs in the sky is inspirational

[Verse 3: Locksmith]
And I was paralyzed in a portrait of pure paralysis
Pounding the concrete, my feet covered up with calluses
An alchemist by nature, my neighbors said I was careless (What?)
But countin' blessing'll lessen the stress you encounter (Damn)
Now it's countless phone calls as I comb halls with a fine-tooth
Find truth deep inside what they call a despised youth
God, help me, if I'm healthy, I'ma climb through
And reach whatever marker they mark, I never will rise to
I'm blind to the peripheral, difficult seems to know 'em now
Storm clouds form overhead, instead I stormed out (I'm out)
The universe don't respond whenever it's drawn out
I draw from inspiration, each situation's a song now
And niggas always askin', "How you keep goin' without the hype?"
I can't get writers block if all I do is write about my life (Yeah)
You want the goods but what about the price?
Don't expect the shine if you scared to step in the light, I'm like

[Chorus: Dionne Warwick & Locksmith]
It is written in the stars (Yeah)
It's written in the stars, I can see it now (I can see it)
This enchanted love of ours
We took it too far just to leave it now (Yeah)
It is written in the stars
It's written in the stars, I can see it now (Uh-huh)
This enchanted love of ours
We took it too far just to leave it now (You gotta listen, you know?)
It is written in the stars (Uh-huh)
This enchanted love of ours
It is written in the stars
This enchanted love of ours