[Intro] [Murs talking]:
So yeah man. Aye, the homies hit me up like my phone started blowin' up man, it was like..."Aye Murs you on the new Rick Ross." I'm at the barbershop. I'm like, "I'm on the new Rick Ross?! How the fuck that happen? Thank you Ricky. I appreciate it buddy. Dinner on me next time I'm in Miami. Murs For President! Mid-City

[Verse]:
Now I don't know Ross but I know I'm the boss
Of comic books, skateboards and panties gettin' tossed
On stage while you dudes engage
In Internet beefs tryin' to make the front page
But I'm the biggest boss that you seen on Worldstar
Up on Lip Service, fuckin' with them porn stars
You say I'm out my mind, I let her sit on my face
But nigga, you the crazy one if you don't wanna taste
Haha
I'm not a dread
I'm not Jamaican
I'm not a homophob and I ain't Clay Aiken
Some niggas faker than a three dollar bill
I don't gangbang I don't care who's real
Nothin' but backpacks and bras at my shows
You tryin' to get shot I'm just tryin' to get chose
Nobody in the front row throwin' up signs
And motherfuck Manny if he don't resign
This the Dodgers fool, it's L.A. nigga
Why y'all gangbangin' like some L.A. niggas?
But, do your thang homie
It's just strange to me
Celebratin' death, that's just so lame to me
Get your money Curtis
Get your money Rick
I love it when a black man ain't gotta flip bricks
I'm tryin' to stack chips so I can change the world
Yeah, but on the way fuck a couple famous girls
Haha, Raven Symone homie, that's where the money's at
Soon as Miley turns 18 I'm gettin' some of that
Hanna Montana doe
Niggas can't stand the flow
They girlfriends love me, I'm the new D'Angelo
Post your comments I really don't care
What type of nigga comment on another nigga's hair?
I'm doin' fine homie
The ladies love me
I give a fuck if a man say it's ugly
You gay hairdressers can't take nothin' from me
Ha, on MTV for straight weeks
It's time for the president of hip hop speech
Of acceptance
Put down the weapons
It's love for everybody representin' they sections
They tryin' to hip hop lose another life
You livin' for the doe but you dyin' for what you write
I'm the opposite, I'm the black Dana White
I'mma make this money and let y'all niggas fight
I'm tight