[Intro]
It eats away at your brain
As you strain to try and maintain
You'll feel the same
I'm always to blame
It took my
Away at your brain
As you strain to try and maintain
You'll feel the same
I'm always to blame
It took my

[Verse 1]
She got the wrong idea
Had my candles from Ikea lit
"Do you do this type of thing all the time when you meet a chick?"
I plead the fifth and offered her a pita chip
"Nah? You're good?"
Okay I hope that question won't repeat again
Even the preachers kid is a heathen when in heat
They weren't all nine or ten's
I picked a few from lemon trees
As I squeezed, and I squeezed
Making lemonade from three's
They weren't the most interesting but
Thirsty on Dos Equis
It's routine after two, when I'm back from the saloon
I mean A.M. not P.M. cause' P.M. is my boo
And my A.M. is a DM asking "are you coming through?"
Feeling blue is nothing new and I'm not talking bout my mood
Am I a bad man? Or is that bad at all?
My best friend, he says "not at all"
If I'm a dog I'm a Labrador
Ladies want a gentleman but freaks want neanderthals
Holler we can get it in

[Breakdown]
It eats away at your brain
As you strain to try and maintain
You'll feel the same
I'm always to blame (I'm always to blame)
It took my
Away at your brain
As you strain to try and maintain
You'll feel the same
I'm always to blame (I'm always to blame)
It took my

[Verse 2]
Ladies stop complaining when taking the walk of shame
Especially when you're out and you're twerking to Flocka Flame
Please explain this, your body language
It changes, from playlist to playlist
Play this to my advantage
My Pandora stations got you taking off your clothes
90's RnB I swear it's fucking powerful
We can go into the shower just to sober up a bit
Or let's do the total opposite and sip (sip!)
I appreciate you coming when parking is hard to find
You gotta get to work at 9 so I'll make it worth your time
But you probably need it more cause you just got here with the quickness
It's a mission from where your crib is so we can skip the kisses
The thirst is real, her curves are from Brazil
That pussy getting killed, it's every person for themselves
Pass the juice, grab the flask, and add the booze
Yes the magic happens true
But it's only after two

[Outro]
"Oh, you're gonna be all mad at me now?
How you gonna be mad at me that I only call you after two?
I got your phone number at a Taco Bell, and you came over that night!"