[Verse 1]
Mamma had a dream, but she gave it up for me
And my sister raising kids, man that ain't a cup of tea
Now she ain't have no cheese, but took us to Chuck E. Cheese
Somewhat of a G, living life so sucka free
Told her what I want to be, she was cooler than the breeze
Supportive as a beam, cause I knew she had believed
If it were up to me, she'd be treated like the queen
A life of luxury, filled with shiny pretty things
Now I was only three when she brought me to the States
My sister only one, crossing borders wasn't safe
What she did was very brave, I think about it everyday
From Argentina to Mexico, and finally LA
Yes, she made it really far, someone give her an applause
Got herself a job, an apartment and a car
But the struggle isn't over so I keep doing my parts
Straight spittin' out them bars that'll get us to the stars

[Hook]
Tell me momma, are we there yet?
Yeah, tell me momma, are we there yet?
Tell me momma, are we there yet?
Tell me momma, are we there yet?

[Verse 2]
Shorty was a ten, she was chillin' with her friends
I was trying to be smooth, but I couldn't pretend
So I walked up with a brew, table, napkin, and a pen
Told her we should do something, call me when you can
Man, after two dates, I got her back in my place
She made the bed shake and my heart beat race
Yeah, we were moving fast but either one of us cared
Seducin' me with that ass ware, really wasn't fair
Is this just good sex or is it something that's rare
Feelings do intersect, when you choke and pull hair
Are we two single people, or have we become a pair
And to tell you the truth girl, I ain't ready for that dare
But I saw it in her eyes, she was falling in deep
I barely know you and you barely know me
These are common road rules, we should take it slowly
So before you use words like "love", just let me speak

[Hook]
Tell me baby, are we there yet?
Tell me baby, are we there yet?
Yeah, tell me baby, are we there yet?
Tell me baby, are we there yet?

[Verse 3]
At the age of fifteen, I was rockin' open mics
Killing the LA scene, like a scene in Poltergeist
Young freestyle king, street battlin' left and right
I was quite mean, yeah I thought the kill was nice
I made it my career at the age of seventeen
Now almost every year, I travel the seven seas
Respected by my peers, and all of the OG's
Got fans around the world, they be cheering fo' me
When I wake up every morning, man I wonder if it's real
Look at what I worked for, everything I built
When I really think about it, it be giving me the chills
Cause I'm eating off my music and I'm paying all my bills
I think I made it y'all, I don't need a fucking deal
What the hell am I saying, man I gotta check myself
That's for real, cause when things are going well I get gassed up
That's when I look in the mirror and I ask...

[Hook]
Tell me brother, are you there yet?
Young brother, are you there yet?
Tell me brother, are you there yet?
Keep it moving, we ain't there yet