[Verse 1: Dumbfoundead]

Dumbfoundead
Done pounded 41 ounces of dumb juice
Gum shoe in search of a [?]
Fly (shit), [?]
Dumb gon' dump my fist into your eyelids
Dumb gon' dump you
Testing my last nerve, chief crash test dummy
Sitting on the passenger seat, acting funny, dumb and dumber
No, there's one, and I'm that one and oner
The OG dumb, the others are only crumbs
No freedom, now that's a dumb law, you done did it
Dumb with it [?]
Taste like bubble gum balls, that dump's alright, through
Punks' dumb thoughts, don't analyze too much
It's a democracy overruled by the dumb
Mediocrity is overdone by some
One by one, making you bounce like a bungee jump
Something fun for the city slickers and country bumpkins

[Chorus]

Get Psycho, get Open, get Dumb
Get Psycho, get Open, get Dumb
Get Psycho, get Open, get Dumb
And if you want a one-on-one then come and get some

Get Psycho, get Open, get Dumb
Get Psycho, get Open, get Dumb
Get Psycho, get Open, get Dumb
And if you want a one-on-one then come and get some

[Verse 2: Open Mike Eagle]

Oh my lord
Explore the piano to find the O chords
Isolating the waters until it's man overboard
From the ocean floors I've bent the vinyl poster boards
Sir Ritter [?] this recital a genocidal overloard
So when over chords your loyal and you'll obey
When the opus [?] your pores is like oil of Oley
Loyal like AC was to OJ in both plays
My whole way of persuasion is changing maybes to okays
If you don't say O's great then you fell for the okeydoke
Like believing [?] always had an accidental overdose
I pity how a pentacle's pinching you like a tentacle
My pencil fluid's in your home exposing your pitiful
Pentagons, I'm here to strike the Knights of Pendragon
Release the pent-up energy heating the penitentiaries
We're two pens short of a pentuple
Playing pinochle at the pinnacle
And at that atmosphere your pen buckles
Mike

[Verse 3: Psychosiz]

Setting the rules
Haters step on your shoes
'cus you ain't got the weapons you do when the bouncer was checking you through
Think it can't happen? Keep thinking that crap then
And wait to breath back and think back on what happened
All my psychotics, eight balls in side pockets
Lobotomized out they eye sockets
Cyanide logic, try a line, stop it
Can Psy rock it? Then why knock it?
Can a psycho cyclone get his F5 sights on
Without getting sidelined by a science side show
Freakily, asking me when we can meet, we already met
And sea creatures shouldn't leave the deep
All my psycho killers hit 'em with the widow's peak
All my psycho killers tryin' a get a meal to eat
This ain't for you breezy melody pink Penelope
Prince [?] who fell asleep and felt the beat
This is psychotherapy at high polarity
And we still headed west like 5-0 better be
9 volt steady stream, polarized solar eye-beams
Like Cyclops ahold of visene
Posted with Psylocke so you know it's my team
Covert and lively, follow and I'll lead
Thirsty regiment, the worst development
In the history of earthly elements
Ever since never and for ever again
And ever again will ever again a better veteran
Ever begin a [?]
This one's setting the spin
If i was you I'd yell "service!" and leave the rest to the wind
Get psycho, get open, get dumb
And if you want a number one then come and get one
From maestro, it's over it's done
Gone psycho, got open, went dumb

[Outro]

Get Psycho, get Open, get Dumb
Get Psycho, get Open, get Dumb
Get Psycho, get Open, get Dumb
And if you want a one-on-one then come and get some

Get Psycho, get Open, get Dumb
Get Psycho, get Open, get Dumb
Get Psycho, get Open, get Dumb
And if you want a one-on-one then come and get some