[Verse 1: Psychosiz]
What you listening to?
“I’m listening to the Roots… what you fistna do?”
I was fistna go to school… but…
Marvel vs Street Fighters just up the block- at the donut shop
Should we bus it? “Nothing. Walk.”
Tryna get Dark Sakura… Fuck up and get stuck with Hulk-
To unlock Cyber-Akuma… at least, that’s what we thought
An hour and ten minutes in I’ll probly leave-
And arrive just in time for the end of tardy sweep
I’ma sleep through homeroom
Second period? Ditchin! …But I’m tryna eat-
So I’ma be back by nutrition
Nobody took third period serious
We just used it to scout fourth period bitches to kick it with!
Fifth period, I’m sticking it. I’m serious, this time!
“Man, you ain't sticking nothing…”
I gets mine
Lying to the seniors big time to get shine…
I kinda miss the nachos at lunch…
Ciphers with SP…
Pep rallies… with the hot hoes up front-
Even before the concerts
Fingering Dorsey Donnas… and arguing with my girlfriend-
Bringing all sorts of drama…
D-HOUSE!

Man… it's highschool

[Hook]
Cuties… no booties… no cooties… no, truly…
No studio booth, and no music ho groupies… So sue me
So goonies… no doodies… go looting… roll doobies, so beautiful…
Don’t eat the school meat! So chewy…
No uzis… goad groupies… so spooky… old funeral poems-
Writen on homeblown loose leaf
The homies… The hoes… The heartfelt moments…
Home movies... Home movies... Home movies

[Verse 2: Open Mike Eagle]
Before optical zoom digital viewfinders-
Grandad’s handheld focuses on two minors…
Captured on filmstrips of analog
I sing Michael Jackson songs on a screwdriver… (Wooo!)
This is where life and pipe dreams intersect
On the counter of a limegreen kitchenette
Serving us ice tea, politely, its my sweet granny- on her nineteenth ciggerette
The nicorrette patch hadn’t been invented yet
She smoked til a lump grew on her skinny neck
No internet on my V-Tek kid computer
To find the definition of malignant tumor…
Is it true? Or could the doctor spread a viscious rumor?
What is cancer, and why would god give it to her? (Damn)
In my broken and young mind- I couldn’t find any way to hope for some sunshine-
In the future. ;_;

(chorus)

[Verse 3: Dumbfoundead]
I was raised on baby food and that dreadful leather belt
Metal elves on top of trophies fill up several shelves
Those trophies are dusty now… rusted brown
But my parents once were proud- that was the best feeling that I’ve ever felt
For heaven’s sake… “Go back to school” they’re always telling me
Picturing my victories from fifth grade spelling bees
My father used to say, “Money dictates everything”
But all I hears the thick bass from mixtape melodies…
Homecooked meals- to food that don’t look real…
Enough stories for a movie and my own book deal
Roll the reel, show the film
Bring in food to show and tell… some exotic asian shit-
The kids thought it was gross as hell “Don’t inhale!”
Open up the classroom windows let it air out…
Instead of D.A.R.E.- I was smoking… “Check these red hairs out!”
My parents didn’t care about signing papers for school…
They tell me to sign it myself so I faked it. “That’s cool.”
Sneaking out on Thursday nights to go to Blowed at age fifteen
It made me who I am today, can you say… “Swimteam!”
I remember all of it thanks to vitamins and ginsing
Thirsty Fish
Heres the home movies of three emcees