Thisty Fish 'Hunting' from Testing the Waters Album

[PSYCHOSIZ ]
Blaze em, leave em flamin like the tire tracks from the briar patch that i came from with the fire rats
I'm a vampire bat that's a lamplighter campfire fact.  where all my black spiders at?  ???
Crimson like the genocidal rats sent a mental fire bag, stomp em & leave lion tracks
Cactus Jack barbed wire bat weildin, Thirsty Fish dark water shark pirate hat tiltin
Bend em back then make a chiropractic killin
Let the red red ruby ?? how high? meth read movie deal to the lilac ceiling
Hellspawned but not your wildcat villian.   i'm takin pride rock back for scar
Cuz actin hard will just you a part on Veronica Mars.  Double sided Two tales no sonic in charge
Votron, voltronic eltronically charged
I gotta be hard like porn stars that wanna keep jobs.  Money shot off the turnbuckle, From the top!
Turn ducko watch and learn fucko.  Go hard, bogard and burn knuckle

[Chorus:] Upwind. Huntin.  nothin lives til i'm up in somethin & somethin gives (x4)

[OPEN MIKE EAGLE ]
It's almost open ocean dinner time.  i'm fittin to find a Thirsty Fishin line to entertwine unfortunate victims for family feeding. these Cats be eatin  rap repeatin citizens
Who'll drag your meat and venison
Back to the lab then add some sweetened cinammon
I remember this from a hunting convention in 1982 i was buildin with Sabertooth
Thats crazy nigga Craven's booth.  these sheltered thugs that yell. you'll never get these plugs
If you ever held a gun you'd shoot yourself like elmer fudd
No one can see where the cannons are cuz they're camoflauged but for the ducks in the classic cars towards
A beach cruisers handle bars.  i'm a crack shot.  i'll bag six daily
And if you front and get shady i'll hunt like Dick Cheney, nothin but face shots
Tho i'm showing the prey that they can't rock a bowing knife that'll fuck up your stomach lining like maylox
Those undeservin of these herb lands cuz they birdbrain like Horace
& it looks like they standin still but they comin right for us

[Chorus]

[DUMBFOUNDEAD ]
Elmer Fudd with an elephant rifle attached with Elmer's glue, holdin the Heavyweight title like elders do.  Man the hell with you i'm in a selfish mood.  How can you call a shellfish food when it's so effortless to hunt it down?  I need a minimum of hundred pounds chasin out the mother cow makin this gurgle sound with my butter knife hunkered down. that's the way we put it down.  Grip the spear, make it crystal clear that the forest rangers in their wooden lounge can't restrict me here.  I've waited 16 years plus more to hunt boars & i've already done that but i'll do it once more.  my license at the gun store hasn't expired yet.  you'll need an army and a fighter jet to stop me from my inspired trek
[THIRSTY FISH]
So run to your snuggleberries bushes and foxholes. We're lookin for Wookies to put hooks in their nostrils
I love a challenge maybe a sasquatch on crackrock & my laptop can pinpoint it's exact spot...that's hot
That's what Paris Hilton says those selfish thugs that never yell...fuck