Dumbfoundead
Big Wax, tryna get a dollar for these tracks
We just tryna make it like everybody else

[Hook: Aloe Blacc]
I need a dollar, dollar, a dollar, that's what I need
(Hey Hey)
Well, I need a dollar, dollar, a dollar, that's what I need
(Hey Hey)
Said I need a dollar, dollar, a dollar, that's what I need
And if I share with you my story, would you share you dollar with me?

[Wax]
I got my mind on my money and my money on my mind
So I stay stressed out cause money is hard to find
And even when I find some of it I always end up shoving it
Into the pocket of somebody whose already got a ton of it
Keep your ninety-nine percent I just wanna get one of it
Keep ya private jet man I'm just tryna keep my oven lit
And my electricity on
So put a dollar in the hat and be gone
Ayo let me get a dollar from each of you
Just take it out the money you would use next time you tip the pizza dude
Wait, now it's his plate I'm robbing
And me and him probably got the same type of problems
So give us each a half dollar, a 50/50 share
I ain't a math scholar, but that seems pretty fair
I'm still waiting for a break that may never come
But 'til then do you got a dollar for a begging bum?

[Hook]
I need a dollar, dollar, a dollar is what I need
Hey! Hey!
Well I need a dollar, dollar, a dollar is what I need
Hey! Hey!
Said I need a dollar, dollar, a dollar is what I need
And if I share with you my story would you share you dollar with me

[Dumbfoundead]
I need a dollar; my Korean father came to this country to feed his daughter and son
Just a moderate sum
But sought the refuge in a bottle of rum
A 100 proof, like poof, and the bottle was done
What he become was a true alcoholic where he used all his profits
From his blue collar popping on booze
And I vowed I'll always have my feet on the ground
No stupid mistakes just keep the food on my plate
A dollar will confuse you put you in delusional states
Think you're investing in a dream but Freddy Krueger awakes
Fool; this isn't unusual, this is L.A
I seen the rich get richer and then piss it away
They either sniffing the cane or a medicinal pain killers
The dealers that slang are awaiting the grave diggers
We keep a guns by your wallet best keep it tucked
Use it and you might get more bang for ya buck

I need a dollar, dollar, a dollar is what I need
(Hey Hey)
Well I need a dollar, dollar, a dollar is what I need

[Bridge: Aloe Blacc]
Well I don`t know if I'm walking on solid ground
Cause everything around me is falling down
And all I want is for someone to help me

[Dumbfoundead and Wax]
Yo, if I only had a dollar more, I can get a dollar menu item or something from the dollar store
A penny for ya thoughts, a dollar for ya dignity
The almighty dollar will make you bow down religiously
I need a dollar leave a dollar every time I see a dollar I want it to come my way
Give me a dollar, me a dollar, never been an easy dollar somebody help me get paid

[Hook]
I need a dollar, dollar, a dollar is what I need
Hey! Hey!
Well I need a dollar, dollar, a dollar is what I need
Hey! Hey!
Said I need a dollar, dollar, a dollar is what I need
And if I share with you my story would you share you dollar with me