[ Intro / Hook ]

I’m just askin for some sympathy
I need a little room to breath
But you just dont know how...
I got so much love that you can get
And I’m going give you it..
Just not right now

[ Verse 1 - Dumbfoundead ]

Yo, she hated that my career comes first
Beeds banging at the crib till the ear drums hurt
Young flirts met when we met about goals and conversered
Told her I was on my grinds
And she said she was on hers to!
Busy bees in a bees hive
Should of work but honey couldn't see why schedule's couldn't emerge
Now she always wants to roll when a guys night out
When she cries for more time
I give here time out
But if you give 'em an inch they wanna hold yard
Then raps a full time gig
If you wanna go far
She says out to the bar I say a couple more bars
I probably got bad grades in my couple report cards (Fail...)
A sacrifice given from a rappers life
Dont expect a happy wife
If you gon' grab the mic, check (Check...)
I know you think im a selfish man
But I drempt us before we met can't forget the plan

[ Hook ]

I’m just askin for some sympathy
I need a little room to breath
But you just dont know how...
I got so much love that you can get
And I’m goin give you it..
Just not right now

[ Verse 2 - Wax ]

Im trying to work and you show up in the studio
Walking to the booth and tap my shoulders like excuse me yo
I just went to the movie store, its time for you to go
The situation is more estupido
See im in love with your body and mind
And the keyword an the phrase quality time is time
And there is only 24, hours in the day an I wish their is many more
We can have a date night, late night, every night, but it ain't right
How you make a fight over every slight inconvenience
You need to give me more fricken lenience
Im on the verge of achieving something that has been my dream since
Before I met you so where I can't let you
Force me to relive mistakes that I already went through
Suppose to learn by those I'm too grown to can dorm burn by hoes man

I get home in the a.m
And your always waiting

Saying shit that's not true accusing me of things that I would never do

Just because I smell like weed and alcohol
Doesn't mean I've been cheating on you at all...

Open up the curtains let the sunshine through
I spent all night writing songs about you...

[ Hook / Ending ]

I’m just askin for some sympathy
I need a little room to breath
But you dont know how...
I got so much love you can get
And I’m goin give you it..
Just not right now