[Intro: Dumbfoundead]
You took me as safe
That was your first mistake
Who said I was safe

[Verse 1: Dumbfoundead]
The other night I watched the Oscars
And the roster of the only yellow men were all statues
We a quarter of the population
There’s a room of fuckin’ 1 percenters laughing at you
Fuck a bamboo ceiling, guess I gotta play the villain
ODB up at the Grammys on the mic
Like “Wu-Tang is for the children!”
Bruce Jenner is a woman
OJ was acquitted
Kim K is a hero
The sky is the limit, any minute now
They gonna let an Asian brotha’ get a lead role
Shots fired I'mma reload, never saw this side of Chino
He was always quiet keeping to himself
Never messed with anybody else
That's the Jonathan that we know

[Hook: Dumbfoundead]
Seems so safe, till one day things go cray
I swear if things don’t change
My actions can’t be blamed, (STAND UP!)
And now you gotta duck!
You know you never gave a fuck!
I came to get my cut! (fuck you, pay me)
You know I never gave a fuck!

[Verse 2: Dumbfoundead]
I ain't never heard of none y’all fools
I can do what every one of y’all do
(Pew, pew, pew, pew)
If I never get a chance
You might see the homie show up on the 5 o’ clock news
You ain't never seen a yellow boy wild’n yellow boy shinin’ , Sound the alarm I got news
Go ahead and pro-file em’ I ain't pro-violence
Shhhhh, silence is how yellow boys move
Its been the same ol’ thang, I swear the game don’t change
What you talking bout there ain't no space
Guess i gotta go and make more space
You know I’m cool as a motherfucker
Chillin’ in the cut hella quiet with the loud pack
Since I’m a cool motherfucker
You think everything is safe till I ask you where the safe at!

[Hook: Dumbfoundead]
Seems so safe, till one day things go cray
I swear if things don’t change
My actions can’t be blamed, (STAND UP!)
And now you gotta duck!
You know you never gave a fuck!
I came to get my cut! (fuck you, pay me)
You know I never gave a fuck!

[Outro: Dumbfoundead]
You took me as safe
That was your first mistake
Who said I was safe