Yo what up girl?
Yo, you, whats good?
See that.. see that BMW right there..
Yeah yeah.. see that car right next to it, that Taurus..
You trying to roll that or what? NO?
You ugly anyway..

[Verse 1]

The bars around close now
Who you gonna leave with
The night is still young girl
I just wanna seize it
A brother trying to sweep you off your feet like a ski lift
Please, at least let me offer you a free lift
Got trees at the crib and some cheez-its
I'm teasing, just running out of reasons
Come on, can I kick it with you like a roundhouse
If you down I'm a couple blocks down south
Cozy little spot, but it gets the job done
Yeah, I got a job spitting over hot drums
If you trying to drop something, get inside the booth
Hit them high notes, kind of like Mariah do
Can I get you on a chorus or a bridge
Get it on till the morning and record another hit
Let me give you a quick tour of the crib
It won't take long, here it is

[Hook]

Come on over to my studio apartment
New couch, new paint, new carpet..
It ain't balling, but its all mine
Come on over you can get it all night ma'
Come on over to my studio apartment
No rooms, no rules, no bullshit
I'm an artist, hope you don't mind
If I get inspired I might use you in a rhyme

[Verse 2]

I'm on a top Ramen, eating on a budget
If you grubbing out, I'll put two in a microwave oven
Thats the least I can do, you're the house guest
Looking all fly like you flew here on South West
You ain't seen my couch yet, its a bed too
I can pull it out if you feeling all sexual
No bedrooms, one big living room
It ain't much, but she wetter than a swimming pool
Sipping Goose from a styrofoam cup
Play a mix that I made thats inspired by lust,yep
Fire up the kush, ooh, lighting up the incense
Got 'em at the Art Walk, five for like ten cents
I ain't poor, just a simple man really
All I need is my loved ones, holla if you feel me
Get to know the real me, not the one they filming
Grinding on the daily like the tenants in my building

[Hook]

[Verse 3]

Yeah I got a couple roaches and my AC's broken
But I got a bigger vision, all you gotta do is focus
Its what I call potential, stick to the essentials
Trying to be number 1 with a number 2 pencil
? minimal I'm living by the Feng Shui
All I need is windows that are radiating sun rays
I'll probably move into a bigger place one day
But till then I'm broke brother trying to fund raise
I'm on that independent go and get it hustle
And the fact that you here right now tells me you special
You can be my muse, be my track number two
Or maybe my my interlude, laying vocals down smooth, girl
I'm cutting edge, different from them other men
101 on the intercom, let me buzz you in
Get settled in, loosen up, pour Gin & juice up
Hope you brought some extra clothes and a toothbrush

[Hook]