[Verse 1: Open Mike Eagle]
Open get the gorgonzola.  Workin’ like I got four diplomas
I won't drink no water that’s bottled by Coca-Cola
I might as well drink a King Cobra
And sink while I'm thinking things over

You can keep your sticky pinks soda
That shit eats through paper cups
You’re obese.  You need your stomach stapled up
Your nuts all shrunk up, your little penis can’t erupt
Drinking Mountain Dew got your testes tangled up
You better read the label once before you pick the ladle up
That cheap fruit punch can get your cables cut
And that's not what's up
These sucker ducks waddle up
But I'm a Thirsty Fish, I let my piss fill your bottle up

[Hook: Thirsty Fish]
Thursday’s workday.  I pulled a full shift
I need some real water not that bottled bullshit
Thursday’s workday.  I pulled a full shift
I need some real water not that bottled bullshit

[Crowd talking in background]
(Hard pit bull, hard bull pit
Hard barstool, hard pool stick
‘Hella cool kid’ and everybody be like…)

[Verse 2: Psychosiz]
‘…don’t think he won’t school kids like LL Cool did’
Alpha!  Where the pups?  Where the flippers at?
Bring yourself on. Quit kickin’ back
(thirsty) Regimen is (fish) makin’ strides
Takin’ signs  ‘til the waves divide like the early testament
I give my next gene for my x-gene
But I’ll fuck Emma since it’s the next best thing
On some Vince McMahon shit  like ‘More talk less wrestling.’
I got heart but grit can’t win

[Verse 3: Dumbfoundead]
It’s the thirstiest day of the week
For your favorite three coy fish b-boys
That drink oceans ‘til they’re drained complete
Ain't no need for Evian or Perrier
There's water almost everywhere, silly
With your fishtail between your scaly derriere

Swimming, skipping stones on my lake
Tryin’ to get your rocks off, fishy hoes on myspace
Home on a Thursday night, hope you don’t dehydrate
You’ll end up floating sideways at the Blowed with live bait
It’s the 40oz thief, outreach thirsty fisher
With Ben’s  water hosted, drenched, dried up turkey dinners
Hungry as hell but we’ll never bite them surface dwellers
‘cause the surface ain’t for wordsmiths
Just ugly fuckin’ sailors