[Intro: C-Murder]
Tru Records
Chopper City (Chop Chop)
C-Murder B.G. bout' to do this thing ya'll heard us
Straight gutter ya' know?
New Orleans ha ha

[Hook: C-Murder, B.G.]
Now all y'all done heard of me
Now I'm C-Murder
I done things y'all ain't never heard of
Now I'm a fool boy, call me a fool it's on
I'm willing to die for mine, I'm willing to die for mine

Now all y'all done heard of me
I'm B. Gizzle
I've done things you bitch niggas scared of
I smacked bitches, shot niggas
Sold coke, caught cases, I've done it all
I ain't talking I don't stunt at all

[Verse 1: C-Murder]
You don't wanna mess with that Glock, boy
Test me with that Glock you get popped, boy
On the spot money bustin' out my socks, boy
It's hot and now these cops on my jock, boy
I breaks bread with these baseheads
I show them love until they slip and I trip son
And speakin of drugs they wanna label me a killer
So don't push me life is hard
I'm trying to fill my own graveyard the 3rd Ward
I'm a menace to society like I'mma threat
Y'all ain't met the real C yet I'mma rep
Ask Bumby, Wayne and Rich about me it's realer than real
I was josin' when Slim got killed, you know how I feels
It's a shame the reaper came who should I blame
Mytaius told me to be cool you know I'm a fool
Messing with you gorillaz will get your head bust
Me and my homies we about that paper
It's money we after, straight money makers
Cut boyz could never be no fakers
I spit that gangsta rap; I kick that hip-hop
I bought them gangsta-ass beats that make your head bop
Then make that iron cock and then that show stops
Cause it's murda murda murda murda
The 187 cause I don't give a.. but they don't heard me though

[Hook]

[Verse 2: B.G.]
If you don't know me ask somebody you know and I bet they know
This lil nigga quick to draw down and split ya or cut ya throat
This lil nigga quick to handle his business and quick to creep
This lil nigga ain't bout coppin no plea or squashin no beef
This lil nigga keep a 40 up on him wit an extension
This lil nigga will steal ya even when ya payin attention
I'mma uptown gangsta, V.L. gone
When I die bury me wit Girbauds and a t-shirt on
I'm a fool like that I be walkin' through the hood
With all my jewelry on, bitch niggas wonder how I do it
I'm real, that's how I could, it gets no realer
I got killas like jarnel just waitin for me to spend 'em
I was raised with gorillas and gangsters
Killers and thugs straight hustlers that'll touch you up
These choppers sendin niggas all true to the game
You hear C or B.G. and ya gotta know them names

[Hook] - repeat 2X

[Outro: C-Murder] + (B.G.)
B.G. where you at?

(Throw your hands up! (Throw your hands up!)
Throw your hands up! (Throw your hands up!)
Free C-Murder! Callio, throw your hands up!)

Stomp for me
Jump for me
Buck for me
Stomp for me

(Throw your hands up (throw your hands up)
Throw your hands up (throw your hands up)
Free C-Murder! Callio, throw your hands up!)

Aha
The N.O., V.L, CP3, for the Nolia
You know?
TRU