[Intro: Gucci Mane]
Haan
(Absolutely)

[Verse 1: Lil Yachty]
And I just nutted on Trinity
Bitch, bitch you not you, you a mini-me
Fuck up that fuck up in any facility
Suckin' on dick must be your main ability
Hatin' ass nigga, ol' fakin' ass nigga
I'll fry you on a pan, ol' bacon ass nigga
Beggin' ass nigga, lyin' on your figures
You don't pull triggers, nigga, you such a bitch
Bitch, you don't pull triggers, you such a snitch
Neck full of water, my diamonds glist'
250 cash, I might drop on that Bentley, bitch
I might go cop me a Bentley coupe

[Hook: Lil Yachty + Gucci Mane]
I might go cop me a Bentley coupe
I might go cop me a Bentley coupe
I might go cop me a Bentley coupe
It's Gucci! Let's go
I might go cop me a skrrrt skrrrt skrrrt
I might go cop me a Bentley coupe
I might go cop me a Bentley coupe
It's Gucci!
I might go cop me a Bentley coupe
I might go cop me a skrrrt skrrrt skrrrt

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane]
I might go cop me a don
In the hood I'm like LeBron
It's so much ice on my watch and my pinky
That haters wanna cut off my arm
Way too much sauce, I'm like Uzi, Uzi
Water drippin', I'm jacuzzi, 'cuzzi
She suckin' it up like a smoothie, smoothie
I think I'm in love like Choosey Susie
Haters sayin' what they gon' do to me
Beefin' with niggas not new to me
Watch what you say now, Gucci don't play now
EA my playground, I love how the K sound
Me and Lil Yachty in Nautica (Nautica)
Polar bear, Gucci, Antarctica (BRRR!)
20 chains on like Mardi Gras
Woke up this mornin', bought another car
Too much pressure will smother yah
You know the real niggas don't fuck with yah
We spillin' Ace of Spades on the furniture
And I'll wet a nigga up like a water gun
So many Rollies, got my brother one
Bust at your boy, get another gun
I raised you lil' boys, you my other sons
Guwop just spazzed out on another one, Wop!

[Hook: Lil Yachty]
I might go cop me a Bentley coupe
I might go cop me a Bentley coupe (skrrt skrrt)
I might go cop me a Bentley coupe (skrrt skrrt)
I might go cop me a skrrrt skrrrt skrrrt (Lil Boat!)
I might go cop me a Bentley coupe (Lil Boat!)
I might go cop me a Bentley coupe
I might go cop me a Bentley coupe
I might go cop me a skrrrt skrrrt skrrrt

[Verse 3: Lil Yachty]
Niggas be mad 'cause I'm richer
I'll spit on your sister, I pity Marissa
She should've fucked with me back when I ain't had shit
Now my money sittin' tall on giraffe shit
Shout out them Southside bloods in Jurassic
Ask how I'm doin', bitch nigga, I'm fantastic
Just got a new bitch, she like doin' gymnastics
I wrap up that sack with a string of elastic (Lil Boat!)
Yeah, I might go cop me a Bentley coupe (skrrt skrrt)
I might go cop me some spinners too
These hatin' ass rappin' ass niggas be mad
They mad 'cause niggas is no longer into you
Damn, your money short like an interlude (lil' money!)
Ain't no tellin' what I'm finna do
Got a crew with amenities, touch me, they strokin' me
They look at Boat like he the holy trinity
Uh, but I encourage philanthropy
Yeah and I ball when I rap like I'm Master P
If one more old ass nigga say somethin' 'bout 2Pac or Biggie
I might lose my sanity
Lil Boat!

[Outro: Lil Yachty]
Nah forreal, man, I don't know nothin' about that shit, man, stop askin' me 'bout that shit. Ain't gon' tell y'all too many times, man, I'm young and I'm rich. You prolly mad 'cause your kids keep playin' me. They not gon' stop playin' me. It's Lil Boat, bitch. Suck my dick.