[Intro: Ski Mask the Slump God]
Ayy!
Haha, basic smoke
Water! Pussy boy, huh, look at it
Bet, bet, bet, bet (look at it), bet
Look at it, look at it, look at it!
Bet, bet (huh, huh, huh, huh, huh!)
Yuh (ayy!), yuh
Yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh

[Verse 1: Ski Mask The Slump God]
Diamonds on loop-de-loop
So big it look like a hula hoop
They tryna lock me in pigeon coop
Even if so I would chop the roof
Slick like I'm Rick
Slick like a fork after used to eating ramen noodle soup
I'm on a hunt like Attila the Hun or it’s winter way
Hungry for caribou (water!)
Tryna bag me a bad and boujee barbie boo
That be flipping like nickel when I rendezvous
How I recycle money it's like déjà vu
This not Snakes on a Plane, this is Gucci on my suit
Whoops, I gave her sauce like oops
Weed smoke it smell like a poop
I just spilled sauce like whoops
I just spilled sauce like, sauce like, sauce like, sauce like
Sauce, sauce, sauce

[Chorus: Ski Mask The Slump God]
I just spilled sauce like whoops
Weed smoke it smell like a poop
Oops, whoops
I just spilled sauce like whoops
I just spilled sauce like oops
Weed smoke it smell like a poop

[Verse 2: Lil Yachty]
Diamonds, ooh, I like diamonds, ooh
Niggas hate me cause I'm gettin' this guap
Spend it all on diamonds, uh
Niggas fuck with me when I was coming up
But I'm on they hatin', uh
That don't make sense (nah)
We out gettin' money boy why is you tense
These washed up rappers be rinsed
Bentley or Benz, whichever I'm in, got a bitch and her friends (aah)
I live for my enemies, pray for my sins
I beat that bitch mouth, leave a child on her chin (whoo)
Ring on my finger, nine times ten
Fuck with the kid if you wanna lose friends (yeah!)
I just met the bitch and she gave me her Xans (yeah! yeah!)
My bitch from India, ain't talkin' redskins (yeah! yeah! let's go!)
I'm a rich young nigga from the county (wooh!)
You a fake Blood, you don't bank bounty (brr-at!)
Better ask your main bitch how she found me (yeah!)
Keep young real niggas all around me (wooh!)
I said fuck cops (fuck 'em!)
G-Wagon, truck stops (skrrt)
Got a big knot (yeah!), ayy!

[Verse 3: A$AP Ferg]
Diamonds they loop-de-loop (loop)
Hop in the coupe and swoop (swoop)
You is a Juicy Fruit (fruit)
You don't got juice you fruit (money)
Hop on that track and poop (poop)
I'm spittin' that shit I'm the truth (truth)
Bustin' that mac out the roof (brrt, hooh, hooh, hooh, money!)
My bitch got an attitude
Well I got a Céline bag for you (yeah)
My bitch is so magical
Make her disappear like a spectacle (hooh)
I'ma hit 'em with the Batman, uh (skrt)
Call me Master Bruce (yeah!)
.45 make a nigga tap dance (right!)
With the Mac in the backpack

[Chorus: Ski Mask the Slump God]
I just spilled sauce like whoops
Weed smoke it smell like a poop
Oops, whoops
I just spilled sauce like whoops
I just spilled sauce like oops
Weed smoke it smell like a poop (water!)

[Outro: Ski Mask The Slump God]
I just spilled sauce like whoops
Weed smoke it smell like a poop
Oops–