[Intro: Bynoe]
Operator : You have a VAC prepaid call from
"Bynoe" an inmate at Hudson a New York State Correctional Facility, if you wish to accept and pay for this call dial 3 now

Time and time again, destined to win
Suite up niggas


[Chorus: Chinx]
Ugh, fosho

Go in your pockets lint is all you dig out
Just as much as you put in is what you get out
I made it from the pen's to the penthouse
I'm just saying you must live under a rock



[Verse 1: Bynoe]
I'm back like I never left it
Flexing on these niggas bet they gone respect it (Me)
From the pen to the penthouse
What you put in life is what you get out (hello)
Then been the hell and back sleepless nights up in that trap
You know the gang riot we back (what up)
At the top it's just us niggas circle full of G's no fuck niggas
New bitches but my money old
Product of the hood that's why my heart is cold
Back against the wall you wasn't there for me
The devil want my soul say a prayer for me
I ain't got none left all my friends dead
Until my number called I'm a think bread
Riot gang till the sun burn
You only get one shot this your last turn


[Chorus: Chinx]
Go in your pockets lint is all you dig out
Just as much as you put in is what you get out
I made it from them pen's to the penthouse
I'm just saying they must live under a rock
They must live under a rock (x3)
I'm just saying
They must live under a rock

[Verse 2 : Bynoe]
They know me crossed the board you ain't gotta ask
Rather see me doing music then a gun and mask
The stick hold a hundred shots
Won't stop at one square I need a hundred blocks
Champagne dreams, vodka nightmares
Seen a lot of niggas go but I'm still here
Love is blind, hate got 20/20
Rather the respect you can keep the money
Get with it or get rolled on
Ice box where my heart was, man I'm so gone
Can't trust nobody keep your guards up
I just want you niggas to Squad Up!


[Chorus: Chinx]
Go in your pockets lint is all you dig out
Just as much as you put in is what you get out
I made it from them pen's to the penthouse
I'm just saying they must live under a rock
They must live under a rock (x3)
I'm just saying
They must live under a rock

[Outro]
Interviewer : So Can you talk a little bit about Stack Bundles and his legacy you know?

Chinx : RIP to my brother Stacks, um I mean definitely without Stacks it wouldn't be know me

Interviewer : Can you share like a story or funny memory you have of Stack?

Chinx : I remember one time I had an argument with Stacks um and we never argued it's was like the only argument we ever had. It was ugh I was still in the streets and Stacks was making his transition from the street to music. And it was still things we needed, we didn't have everything we needed far as studio equipment we was just taking it as it came. So I had a little scheme to like get everything for us, no what I'm saying like basically jack us some studio equipment. You know what I'm saying I had a lick and the bro was like just telling me man listen man you gotta get out that way of thinking we ain't gotta get it like that no more. And at the time I was just looking him like man is you fucking stupid? You know what I'm saying like I'm telling you I got a lick right now. We ain't gotta do nothing just go get it, and you know what I'm saying that was that positive energy in him you know what I'm saying? and eventually I understood what he meant later on