I got ice on my wrist
6 bitches in a two-seat whip
Got yuan, got won in the grip
I don't give a fuck, straight shitting off a ski lift
Nah
I'm about the biz
All these white girls
Man they 'bout to fizz
But I don't really mind so I sign some tits
Take a pic, but bitch, why you naked in it? Uh
And I got cash in the bank
Million dollar baby on my Hillary Swank
On my MK, got fuel in the tank
Got juice in the drank, but they all shooting blanks

Hold up

[Voice-over: Awkwafina]
Are we alone in this world?
Are we on the precipice of nuclear war?
Does Susan Boyle have feet?

I got a million bitches
If you fuck with me, get a million stitches
Pussy so wet that it swim with fishes, grant you wishes
Plus you know it tastes delicious
Yeah
Pussy supercharged
Didn't want a yacht, so I bought a barge
Money so long, that it's extra large
Tesla cars, give a fuck who you are, whoa

[Voice-over: Awkwafina]
Remember that time I said I had a Tesla?
Do you think that they know that I really don't have a Tesla?
Matter of fact, I don't even know how to - good management skills
I don't want to start a Roth IRA, because  I don't want to give my money to Bernie Madoff
Isn't Bernie Madoff dead?
He's dead, right?

Nah
That motherfucker not dead, he in jail getting booty rammed by the feds
Getting tossed by a dude named Big Ed
In a hotbed, eating ramen noodles and crying

But anyway I got a million in the bank
No you don't
Yes I do bitch, how the fuck would you know?
Broke ass bitch (x4)

[Voice-over: Awkwafina]
OK, you done?
Is this bitch done yet?
Oh shit...

Meanwhile I pull up in a Caddy on Addy with a fly mixed daddy with a fatty
And he loves that I'm 5'5, 103 pounds
And he loves my voice, and it's soothing ass sound bitch

[Voice-over: Awkwafina]
You are 5'2, 130 pounds
And also I don't know how you're buying cars when you literally applied for a BestBuy card and got declined on the spot
You're a fucking asshole, ok? You're an asshole
Bitch I'd rather be an asshole than a...

Broke ass bitch (x4)

I fucking hate you, I hate you