[Verse 1: Bizarre]
'87 Maserati
Two gold Benz, bumping "Lodi Dodi"
Two old friends, twelve gauge
Cocked and loaded, Obama's in office
Bitch, she glad that she wrote it, I'm bad news
Riding on a bad ass cruise, move down the city slick
Here's some bad ass shoes, smack my bitch
Now I'm on YouTube with some bad ass views
Now what the fuck I supposed to do? Head in a trance
I wanna see you dance, weed stink
Like a rapper from France, face rotten
Late soxy cotton, tie you up
Watch you get fucked by Antoine Dodson and he ain't stoppin'
I'm straight Nick coppin', old school
White on white Reebok and can't tell me shit
'Cause, bitch, I am the shit and the hard tuna fish
You smell this nasty shit? Nasty dick
For a nasty bitch (Fuck me in my ass)
Let me do some nasty shit (I wanna fuck dude's balls)
I got a nasty clique (Who's your security guard?)
His name is Nasty Rick (He's cute...) (Fuck him!)
Let me suck on your nasty clit
You just a dirty bitch

[Hook: King Gordy]
We like violence! We like fightin'!
Bitch, I'm Tyson! (I feel like fuckin' you up)
With rights and left jabs be [?]
Be quite the fire! (But I feel like fuckin' you up)
You better protect yourself
Too many punches are bad for your health (I feel like fuckin' you up)
But you need to ask yourself:
"Is he gon' beat my ass to death?"

[Verse 2: King Gordy]
This is insanity, y'all
Picture a man finger fucking his family dog
Lick on its ass, stick it up in its vaginal walls
Damn, he's having a ball, dog scratching my balls
Plan to jam my hands in the ass of this dog
Now he's laughing at y'all, you think he's insane
But has a unique brain to wrestle with gods
I put Zeus in a figure four, Allah will get beat and forced
On your knees, you will bleed from Gordy intercourse
Am I sick? Of course, I wear two horns, I will hit a dwarf
So hard in the fucking face with the poles at the North
Where Santa Claus at? While I'm still in the D
Top illin' with some top tens [?] straw hat
The king of horrorcore, there's a fetus on the floor
Been fucked by a four year old, eat her whole [?]
Till that fucking dead baby comes
Visions of dead babies hung by their legs
There's the head of your baby son

[Hook: King Gordy]
We like violence! We like fightin'!
Bitch, I'm Tyson! (I feel like fuckin' you up)
With rights and left jabs be [?]
Be quite the fire! (But I feel like fuckin' you up)
You better protect yourself
Too many punches are bad for your health (I feel like fuckin' you up)
But you need to ask yourself:
"Is he gon' beat my ass to death?"

[Verse 3: Swifty McVay]
I sit in a dirty room with candles lit
With an alligator and pit, I'm laughin' at naked mannequins
With crack in the fryin' pan shootin' up smack in my right hand
I never leave the crib without contraband
I ain't human, I'm half man, an alien
With an attitude of a Taliban strapped with Nitrogen
To collide and die, every chance that I can
They don't wanna try, I'm a man with lyrical cancer
The Devil can't even dance with me
To be heinous, I was made to be
Like a poison soaked in a handkerchief
Walking behind your bitch
I put the cloth to her lips like Dahmer
And drag her out of that bar
I'm a problem, psychopathic goblin
This llama tear the bladder outta the abdomen faster than zombies
Get that ass beat, like a Nazi in Vietnam
With a swastika sign that's tatted on his body

[Hook: King Gordy, Young Zee, both]
We like violence! We like fightin'!
Bitch, I'm Tyson! (I feel like fuckin' you up)
With rights and left jabs be [?]
Be quite the fire! (But I feel like fuckin' you up)
You better protect yourself
Too many punches are bad for your health (I feel like fuckin' you up)
But you need to ask yourself:
"Is he gon' beat my ass to death?" (Let's go, yeah)

[Verse 4: Young Zee]
I make the three-eight and four-five blast
Two guns at once when I multi-task
Bow-bow-bow-bow, they both blastin' off
Two clips'll flip your lil Volkswagen car
It's Doctor Drankenstein
I change my mind into Genghis Khan
You dudes face the Führer
You wanna kill my pets, man, you Ace Ventura
Man, lay down and face the sky
Whole new episode, a thousand ways to die
Young, man, I cock and squeeze it
Turn your lil bitch to a quadriplegic
Off the Pabst Blue Ribbon
I slap two women and go back to prison
Get a knife stuck in your gut
I'm down with D12 and I feel like fuckin' you up

[Outro: DJ Young Mase]
Shout out to Young Zee