[Hook: King Gordy]
I say he always talking that Gangster shit
Well tell me just how much dirt have you done?
Well if you ask me, frankly I think you a bitch
Never sold no dope, never shotted my gun
You're not a G please, you're not a G see, there ain't a gangster bone in his body no!
You're not a G please, you're not a G see, this poor guy wouldn't hurt nobody no!
You're not a G!

[Verse 1: Bizarre]
Barking at the video, looking all tough
Wild ass background, hood looking rough (Yeah)
Nigga you ain't a G, softer than Anne Marie
Fuck boys, wouldn't even harm a flea
This nigga ain't no fool, went to Catholic school
Five bedrooms, large swimming pool
This niggers a clown, he ain't carrying no pound
Only dirt he did when he played in the playground
He claiming 7 mile
But that ain't his hood
He from 18 in Gratchet
Off in the woods
Beef, he's the first nigga to say something
When its time to scrap, he's the first nigga running
Pour that burner, snipe like Wesley
Niggers start fighting and this nigga left me
"Where da fuck you at, man?
Man what?
You ain't see me getting rushed?
No man, I was smoking a square
You ain't see me getting rushed
Where they at?
Man!"

[Hook: King Gordy]

[Verse 2: Swifty McVay]
You're fake and forging it
Hanging with impostors
Your fathers a pastor
He graduated from Harvard
There's not a hustle in you
Standing in the line for a couple hours at the venue
Cause ain't nobody tryin' let your broke ass in
And you're street cred is horrible
We be shootin' dice while you're partner shootin' marbles
When the car pull up you look at them like 'what the fuck?'
With enough shit in your pants to hide them little nuts
You wearing wife beaters
But ain't never beat your wife, guy
She's too busy tying up that t-shirt in a not (ha)
The only thing you ever saw you stole it from your pops
And never lift a shop cuz you're stupid-ass to not put the bullets
In it and left the house gotta snatch about the blouse
How do you lit a Glock with no slugs get inside your mouth?
That's the shit I'm talking 'bout
A straight snitch, a bitch with black leather on your birth certificate

[Hook: King Gordy]

[Verse 3: Kuniva]
First name is "Spender", middle name is "About To"
Last name is "Almost" its easy to spot you
Cuz is always speaking on 'what he was spend to do'
He was about to fuck somebody up, and almost did it to
The last one to swing but the first to book out (I'm Out!)
The niggas get dirt he always wanna be look out
Running with the real ones, getting in the beef
But when shit goes down he ain't nowhere in the streets
Walk with me quick
The loudest of the bunch, talking reckless
Acting tough, starting shit because in deep you know a nigga like that
Please stay away cuz is most likely he gonna get your ass shot one day
{Blaow!}

[Hook: King Gordy]