[Intro: DJ Official]
Oh baby!
This is the Entermission!
But don't get out of your seat!
It's going down!

[Verse 1: KB]
(H.G.A.)
Give me the mic bro
I'm never hesitant I'm heavenly reverent when we get to kickin' lyrical rhetoric
On the evidence of the incredible medicine sent from my heavenly Father, edible, bread and water, just taste it!

[Verse 2: Seckond Chaynce]
Keepin' the Christ up
Fishin' within the retism an' givin' 'em 'ism and 'ology when we get em'
Politicking with guerillas that can petition to kill us
But even if we die we know that our lives won't be wasted

[Verse 3: HGA]
His glory alone when we flow, praisin' the name of Jehov
From the middle where they get it to the inner city to the suburbs, send me I'mma go
Oh, and if you don't know, we comin' up out the word when we flow
So we get the scripture get this don't twist it that's a big no no

[Verse 4: Seckond Chaynce]
I'mma give it to 'em whenever I'm given the opportunity
Bustin' em crushin 'em then brush off the enemy
Energy given me by the Holy Spirit that live in me
Alone I could never do it as hot as I pretend to be
Slayin' the inner me, while tamin' the inner beast
So when I spit the gospel He's mainly the centerpiece
Willing to intercede, praying that the Spirit will hear 'em and convict 'em
So one day they can enter peace

[Verse 5: KB]
(KB)
They would rather do without Him they sayin' that they don't need Him
But did you know that you needed Him to say you didn't need Him
Speaking of speaking down to your breathing and thinking
Apart from His power you couldn't even speak on Atheism
But me and my brothers get it singin' like Jimmy Needham and livin' in freedom cause we know we seek Him
And if anybody wants to get down with the Kingdom of Heaven we gotta heavenly remedy in the message of the Gospel, Yes!

[Verse 6: HGA]
[KB]
Father God I know I gotta be obedient
And the Holy Spirit'll be the number one ingredient
[Seckond Chaynce]
Making it expedient when it comes to the preachin' it
And mercy to men to repent of their sin and sending me Im'ma go!
[KB]
Father God I wanna be the one that's reachin' em
And when it comes to the Word of God I wanna be teachin' em
[Seckond Chaynce]
I pray that you will never let me stumble back away from the mission that has been presented
Now turn the ignition so I can

[Hook: DJ Official]
Go, go, go, go
I go, go, go, go
I go

[Verse 7: Tedashii]
Hold up! For what? Keep it goin' lemme get it lemme rip it
I'm wishin to give you more than a smidget
Just like a pixel in a picture this is more than a snippet
Man this is everything together plus the sink in the kitchen
You heard the story of his glory and the call that He's sendin'
And while we flowin, when we go, we stand close to His will
And when we out we stand out, like a city on a hill
Cause tryin' to hide is unreal like layin low to the ceiling
And so we spit it the way we get it evangelism
Givin, bearin' witness to men and women, this ain't religion
Rules and regulations, no constellations and making wishes
Realizing we alive as we get it with 'em
Hit 'em up!
With the rib and He came and He lived and He died and He rose in the sky on high just to save us
Get 'em up!
From the dead and in sin from the curse to the grave's dust
[Tedashii & HGA]
First you need to know
God alone existed before
Everything else still that's proof that truth never hidden
Man, kidding? No!
[Tedashii]
Application is unneeded for the way where there's sinfulness
Given everything that God'll do while He sends 'em
Tell 'em God the Father sent His only begotten
And take the lonely forgotten from sins of people and wash 'em
From the bad to the worst we go
So the Son came down, gave up His throne
And He took that crypt, that spit, that crucifix and died then He rose
So no boasting in me but only he who redeems and I'mma spittin' the vision written for Christians
From Samoa to prison and even out of the prisons cause in the works of religion no matter the mission, I'm tellin' you to

[Hook]