[Intro]
And you know we're on each others team

[Hook: Swoope]
What I'm finna quit for?
You see me living like a king
It's still 116, bruh'
Oh Lord! working for the same team
I think I need a ad-lib from Diddy!
'Cuz I'm-a take that each and every city
Homie, I'm-a take that, take that(X5)
I think I need a ad-lib from Diddy!
Cause I'mma take that to each and every city, homie I'mma

[Verse 1: Swoope]
Lecrae sell a million records
And my name don't get mentioned in the review
It don't matter, get the W
Cause even players on the bench get rings too (get rings)
Way deep is what the crew is
On the same team, all running the same play
So you need to check your motives if you're doing this
If you was mad Andy sold 28k ah!
Taking away from the mission
All this division don't add up
It all equals dissension
Ya' ask me that's bad math, bruh'
So yeah, I'm on Collision, but really I am indifferent
If you 116 and independent
No, you King living, junkie dream itching
Humble coffee bean sipping
Long as the mission and the team don't seem different

[Verse 2: Dre Murray]
Woop woop!
Take that, take that
Core so tight, can't break that, break that
Might find me and the squad, clicked up in yo' city
Preaching truth, yeah, we show em' where the faith at
Man, what the deal is?
We show where the real is
Am I brother's keeper?
We pass around that good-good, but I ain't talking reefer
And we on, and we ain't never going off
We gon' do it like this till we gone
Tell em' young boy, looka here
Folk, you gotta man up
Trap hard when you pressing in the zone
And I ain't talking kitchen
And we pitching and we giving you the mission
That He gave us when He put us on
This real life boy, more than a song
Live here like kings till he call us home
Hol' up

[Hook: Yaves & Swoope]
What I'm finna quit for?
You see me living like a king
It's still 116, bruh'
Oh Lord! Working for the same team
I think I need a ad-lib from Diddy!
Cause I'mma take that to each and every city
Homie, I'm-a take that, take that(X5)
I think I need a ad-lib from Diddy!
Cause I'mma take that to each and every city, homie I'mma

[Sample]
And now for something completely different

[Verse 3: Tedashii]
Unashamed of the Name
Run it back I stay the same
Recognize united game mane
Cause I can remind tell em I ain’t quittin' bro
Man ain’t what I’m livin' for
Where they go that’s where I go that’s how it go
Like every time (every time)
Take it to the places where they say this isn’t for you
Maybe they complacent (they complacent)
Stay inside the fortress where it’s safest
Cause outside these walls they say it's really dangerous (really dangerous)
Homie I believe 'em
That’s why I’m out here ridin' for the people
Tell 'em where I be at when they need me
You ain’t gotta be me
Or do something different tryna beat me
You saying, it's insane to run my lane like Usain
So you sling around my name
Through the mud
But you playin' all these games
The truth man
Everybody in their body is invited
Cause they follow where you walking
Or talking how you talking
I ain’t running from this thing
Cause this thing ain’t for the running
Man I call it like I see it, referee it(woo!)
All things to all men I’m tryna be it (woo!)
If I’m 1-1-6 that that mean I’m on mission
And He orders every lil' step
Bobby Brown New Edition
But who woulda
Thought where I went woulda cause division
How coulda Humble Beast tryna reach
Where they be bring the beats honestly
Could receive all this grief and power
Collision my God (my God)
No for real my God
Give me clear sight just to live how you are
God knows I want that for sure
Everything whole life hope he give it to me
Please know where you be
Isn’t where he has me, has me
But it's still same team, same team!

[Hook: Yaves]
What I'm finna quit for?
You see me living like a king
It's still 116, bruh'
Oh Lord! Working for the same team
I think I need a ad-lib from Diddy!
Cause I'mma take that to each and every city
Homie, I'mma

[Sample]
It's been a long time, Caine. How you doin', man? How come you never come see me?
Man, I don't want to see you all caged up like some animal
Is that what you think? I'm an animal?

[Verse 4: JGivens]
Humble as a mumble in the jungle of shouts and screams
Digging tunnels under a stampede, beast!
Okay-kay keep praying for the grace we stay cold but never freeze
Like water at four-four blap-blap degrees
Uhhh, Fahrenheit, where was I, dare if I share a terabyte, we don’t care if you verified
Your lil' branch is just a fraction
In the middle of a grain of sand
Or the hand of a master crafter of sand castles
With the passion, imagine, decapitating dragons
We are just a vapour on paper on another vapour of a microcosm of a remnant of minions running like Kenyans like Obama
In repentance to the Father
Better warn the town the beast is loose and you, on the same team If the dreams from the same king
If it floats from the same stream
If it don’t then it's gangrene (chop)

[Verse 5: John Givez]
Yo, give a junkie a inch he take it a mile
Give a junkie a dream he taking 'em out
With the power of a catalyst cattling sheep through the wild
I hear 'em wolfing but the Lion King is keeping 'em down, heh
Judah to your Judas, I'm repeating it now, heh
I love to think the victory is keeping the smile
In the face of devious, mischievous Dundee crocodiles
We done playing with you dummies domination is now!
It's 'bout a hundred hooligans
All saved, all serious (hooty-hoo!)
Hooty-who want it with the crusade militia men
Valid with the villages, get down or lay down
See nor hear nor speak no evil, that's how we play now
Our Father come down from Heaven, that's how we pray now
Son of God, Son of man
Rah-rah, Yahweh now
Anyway you wanna do it we could do it
Who the truest of the tribe
Swoope you ain't ever lie, we on the same team

[?]