[Intro]
Yeah...you see us over here stuntin'....boy
It's that real life
You know what this is...save me from what?
I'm living a dream...ugh

[Verse 1: Swoope]
It's that real life that we living
Sittin' top of them riches
Moscato we sippin', got them models in my linen
Them women that like women, I keep some bad degenerates [they generous]
So Ellen, no "L" in, my team we stay "W"inning
Aw you see the crew, we mobbin'
I keep the goon and goblin
That's on point, don't need a tool, cuz I keep a shooter around me
Boy I ball, never fallin
I'm the year without the autumn
Make it rain, it snows no feet, I'm the chair without the ottoman
Cash rules all around me, ask Wu if u doubt me
Hood dreams that got instilled
Til these hood dreams came out as real
Pockets used to look like Ally McBeal
Now them things look like Uncle Phil
Live empty but I keep them bottles filled, straight to hell but who cares?!

[Hook: Swoope]
It's that real life that we're living
Sittin' atop of them riches
No need for no hero, cuz we live like we're villains
So flawed, no law, no cost, no permission
Oh God, no god, no gospel, no Christian
It's that real life that we're living 'cept it feels like something's missin
'Cept it feels like we dyin, if we say it feels right, we lyin
Am I living life official, or living artificial?
Is this a dream or is it real? I'm living like a schizo...

[Verse 2: Tedashii]
O-o-o-Official, blow the whistle
I know alot about all of these missles
That's aimed at me, cuz it's plain to see
You gotta be where I been just to have this visual
A pistol aimed at my mental...
And uh-uh a bat, (p-part A-rod) (?)
Um I can't recall, I ain't playing games
That's taboo to play GOD
Or try to play GOD and take a life
This serious mane. You curious right? Nope
Well sir, everything's fine. I made it up
I'm out my mind, lyin' so they'd let me in
I know there's a war I can't ignore
But they tell me if I don't then I lose my friends
I done lost my mind what else can I give?
What can I do to prove this true?
Huh,I don't just wanna be right
But I'm tryna bring the shadows to the light (yeahyeah)
Man I know I'd give my life
Would you die for fame? Die for pain?
No one would, its all in vain
But would you die to live?
They say it makes no sense, but it does to me
Cuz I'm I'm alive in Him

[Hook]
It's that real life that we're living
Sittin' atop of them riches
No need for no hero, cuz we live like we're villains
So flawed, no law, no cost, no permission
Oh GOD, no god, no gospel, no Christian
It's that real life that we're living 'cept it feels like something's missin
'Cept it feels like we dyin, if we say it feels right, we lyin
Am I living life official, or living artificial?
Is this a dream or is it real? I'm living like a schizo...

[Hollow Dreams Interlude: Swoope]
They're so enticing, these hollow dreams
When they invite me, come follow me
Living fast, Apollo speed
Living masks, Halloween...

[Verse 1: Swoope]
I see it, I see it
Of wicked, I'm envious...contentment is in Jesus, but I see it, I need it
I see it, I see it
Of riches I'm envious...contentment is in Jesus, but I see it
Ugh, I can't lie there's been plenty
Of times my mind's in a frenzy
And my eyes are full of what's tempting
And my heart is darkened with envy
Cuz I want the money that's lengthy
I'm sick of counting these pennies
I wanna ride in a Bentley
Cuz I'm sick of driving this 10-speed
The wicked and the arrogant
Living off of them dead presidents
Even though pride is their necklace
Cares of this life not evidenced
Mouth lay claim to where Heaven is
Tongues take earthly possessions, kid
Asks if God has intelligence, Fly Pelicans, life of wealthiness
Believe life ain't always what it seems
It seems as though that they're living their dreams
Hold up, hold fast, they make more cash
Stirring a bowl that's holding more wrath
So when the Lord does finally role back curtains, the judgment is gon' be so bad
Joey Jackson, real bad
His Holy Wrath they gon' feel that
Just like a dream, when You arise, their fantasies You will despise
My heart was grieved, but You're my GOD, Psalms 73 helped clear my eyes
Just like a dream, when You arise, their fantasies You will despise
My heart was grieved, but You're my GOD, Psalms 73 helped clear my eyes
Psalms 73 helped clear my eyes
Psalms 73 helped clear my eyes
...helped clear my eyes
Yeah...Psalm 73 helped clear my eyes
...clear my eyes