[Into: Mike Zombie]
You all alone and you think that's alright. It ain't but you tell yourself everything is alright. But how you gon' tell yourself, when yourself ain't alright.. right?
Yeah

[Bridge]
Waiting for it to happen I can see it in my dreams
I want this shit so bad, im tossin' turning in my sleep
Wake up, look up like, lord i only want one thing. I don't know why i'm worried cause i know one thing

[Hook]
Yeah I know that, everything gon' be A OK
Everything gon' be A OK x3
Aww, everything gon' be A OK x4

[Verse 1: Mike Zombie]
Just like it better be, i work to fucking hard to not be living lavish comfortably
It feel like every fuckin' body getting on exepect for me, i promise i deserve it and this shit is really stressing me!
But i guess i need a catchy hook, guess i need a lot of cash, guess i need a video with naked bitches shaking ass
Guess i need a fake ass chain, guess i need to be about that life
Guess i need to sell cocaine and kill someone in every line
Uh-un nigga, that ain't me though. na-un, nigga that ain't ZO!
Swear to God imma still be me, never switch up on the team like most niggas we know
Uh-in nigga, that ain't me though. uh-un nigga that ain't ZO!
Team-work make the dream work, or you come up short on the green like mutherfucking C-low
Family got me stressing, got me drinking like my dad
Love that drink but it's the same reason why i hate my dad
Nigga wasn't man enough he chose to up and leave
My nigga, everything ain't what it seem

[Brigde]


[Hook]


[Verse 2: Mike Zombie]

(Background vocal) "Get it off your chest nigga"

Hopefully just like it's suppose to
Peer pressure got me wilding, I done turned into a smoker
Hold up, everytime i go through shit i cannot help but pour up
Talking gold bottles, i sip that cup until i fucking throw up
Everything gon' be A Ok, trying to get on but it ain't no way
I got that drive and i got that work but i'm loosing hope like everyday
Swimming in failure, bitch i'm fresh up out that water
Bank account way overdrawn, and bitch i got to feed my daughter
Man God is just trying to test me, pussy nigga don't test me
Man, why that fuck i'm so wreckless and nobody can help me
All these tears i been shedding, you probably will never get it
Never say never cause i never thought i would get molested
I promise i was embarrased, wanted to kill his parents
Thank god i ain't get that gun, and my boy ain't issue me clerence
I wanted to murk that nigga every dream
Now look me in my eyes, everything ain't what it seam

[Bridge]

Chorus]