[Intro]
Hello.. yeah ..nah forreal, shit just too much
You sound just like her man.. its not even you its like niggas is saying..
Its just stressful like.. foreal

Zombie on the track

[Verse 1]
Yeah i use to be that boy, but now im the fucking man
Woman come and go, she showed me that first hand
Shit was out of control, you told me you understand
Thought she was gon' be cool but no im wrong again!


[Hook]
Shit was going wild. shit was going down
Shit was getting crazy couldn't bring your ass around
I know im gon' be balling, them hoes gonna keep calling
Talking bout flight in the morning, ok girl come jump on it
She gon' jump on it. x8

[Verse 2]
I call that girl jump on it
Usually i dont run my mouth but im about to speak on it
I ain't one to sell the dream, but it seam to me she bought it
Maybe im just trippin' or maybe im still off her
They said shit and we took that, i told you feelings then took them back
Told me yours then took them back, didn't give a fuck how we was looked at
I piped you up, then let you down. you iced me up then licked me down
I was fucked up when you was still down. you held the tears and they still fell
This is not to diss her, just to paint  picture
No hard feelings, but its way harder then [?]
Thought that you would get it okay ima take this guilt trip
I tried to keep my cool but you ain't even trying to hear it

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
O-o-o-o-kay
Its fuck me now? address me as that nigga, ok this is how it's going down?
You roll for me, then something-something yes that's how you roll around
Thought that you was my nigga, but female is a female thought that i woulda knew by now
I was fucked up when we fucked long. we was high was hell when we felt the fall
We felt the things, you erased them all. you learned the swag and then took it all
I told you things and you ain't judge them all. i told you the deal and you played the law
You herd the things and ignored them all. four months okay, no way it's gone
Ain't no way around it. man that's all they taking about, when it's all said and done
I tried my best but it's best to get up out it. now it's fuck me and i know that
Wouldn't change shit if i could go back. man i tried not to go crazy but listen when i tell you that

[Hook]