[Produced by Mike Zombie, Amaire Johnson & TRAKGIRL]

Is this thing on?
Reverse effect
Mmmm hm hm hm
Yeah, yeah, oh

Don't get it wrong, don't get it twisted
Don't mix it up, gotta get lifted
You know I'm young, you know I'm gifted
I'm on a roll, I'm on a mission, yeah

But I need your light, I need your light I need your guidance, yeah
Already high, I'll be alright, I wanna try it

Crushing the line, cutting the line, crossing the line
Bumps in the night got me, got me over here overstimulated
Crushing the line, cutting the line, crossing the line
Bumps in the night got me, got me over here over

Why you never stay for long? You always go so fast
Who's gonna hold my hand when I'm crashing
Took it without looking now I'm looking up the side effects
Pill identifier says that I should be dying next
My regrets, oh my regrets

Over here overstimulated
I need your light, I need your light, I need your guidance
Anything twice, I'll be alright, I wanna try it

Aren't you the sweetest thing?
I almost can't believe why you still sleeping on me?
That's okay you can keep dreaming

I am alone, I am a misfit
I'm in my zone, no competition
I am the one, so you should listen
Don't fuck it up, don't wanna miss it

I am the light, I am the light, I am the highest, yes
You got me fried and I am the light and I am delighted

Crushing the line, cutting the line, crossing the line
Bumps in the night, got me, got me over here over
Why you never stay for long? You always go so fast
Who's gonna hold my hand when I'm crashing

Took it without looking now I'm looking up the side effects
Pill identifier said that I should be dying next
My regrets, oh my regrets

Over here overstimulated
Let's get one thing clear bitch, I am the greatest
You are not my peer, you are overrated
Know you mad I made it, know you hate it
But I'm in this bitch like

And if my heart goes out right now
This goes out to you
If my heart goes out right now
This goes out to you

(Talking)
What the fuck did you give me?
Oh, no no Chill chill
Huh?
Are you okay?
Did you see that?
I don't know what you're talking about
Relax, Relax
Get me out of here
Why would you do this to me?!
Someone give her some water