Zombie on the track

[Hook]
I know i'ts been forever you ain't never seen a nigga like me
I know that you know nobody who can do it like me and
Girl you ain't the only one that's tying to be the only one
So if you want a nigga like me
Then you gon' have to show me something
Yeah. Said you gon' have to show me something x4

[Verse 1]
Yeah come show me something!
Show me something, bust it wide open
Please give me a reason why I should make you my only
And I really do believe I could have any girl I want that's straight
Looking, never chasing and I don't have time for stunting
Show me something, like your GPA
Yeah you up on all your car notes?
If you ain't and got red bottoms i'm why like the fuck you bought those
Please know who you fucking with, cause i ain't just no John Doe
I'm Meek Mill in my city about to run this shit like pronto
You better get me now cause ain't no telling where the time go
Cause once I blow up ima be so MIA, Lebron flow
I'm looking for the girl that's grinding trying get that condo
Your ex boyfriend got you going out your mind though
You crying all night, drinking all summer
Club everything night out here looking for a lover and
A nigga like me, you ain't never seen no better
Make me want you, talking always and forver

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Show me something
Exhibit all your benefits
Please make that shit good because i swear right now i'm [?]
And girl not only that, I got attention [?]
And I know that you bad, but what you doing that's relevant
That drama is you with that?
That money do you get that?
I ain't asking for me, i'm just seeing where your head at
Do you handle all your business?
Are you meeting all your endings?
Are you just blowing smoke?
You ain't perfect so girl i wanna know it all
Talking about flaws and all
Who you done been with?
Who done already broke your heart?
How long ago was this?
Is you done with him, or nah?
And you can ask me the same, cause i ain't gon' run no games
And if you lying then its bye-bye
You ain't wasting my time
Getting faded, fucking bitches I can do this all night
If you ain't down, then alright
You can settle for alright
You can keep on drinking and crying your tears out all night

[Hook]