Zombie On The Track

[Bridge]
Yeah i'm a Jersey nigga. straight out the 609
Yeah i'm a Borro nigga, straight out the 609
Yeah i'm a Jersey nigga, straight out the 609
They ain't believe me when i said i was gon' blow
This the end of the beginning!

[Hook]
Yeah nigga ima show them how I did it from the bottom, from the top trying to get it
This the end of the beginning!
Yeah nigga, swear to God I was stressing
Ima show you niggas how i met the blessing
This the end of the beginning!
Yeah nigga, had to do it for the team now a nigga really living out the dream
This the end of the beginning!
Yeah nigga, had to do it for the city
Nigga hop up in the ride if you with me
This the end of the beginning

[Verse 1]
Uh, Yeah my mama bought me FL studio
6 years later me and Drizzy Drake up in the studio
DMS on YouTube after school, who knew that you would blow
Making all these beats up in my room no one would use them though
Got no money for my daughter, [?] about to loose it though
Ain't no money just to whip my ass, and kept it moving though
Moved down south and got the [?] sipping light was moving slow
DJ's wouldn't play my shit and neither would my city though
But it's Zombie on the track, OVO yeah that's major shit
[?] boys ain't fuck with a motto don't even say the shit
Backpack, snap-back, Supras I ain't changing shit
Niggas thought I was playing when i was saying
It's gon' be a sad song when a nigga getting dough
It's gon' be a sad song i'm on it and I blow
It's gon' be a sad song when you can't get in my show
When a nigga on top, and i'm looking down below
Cause this the end of the beginning!

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Uh, man it ain't about now, it's about what happened though
17 but they just let me in so I can do the show
I get calls from prison, damn I want my fucking brother home
He stuck up in the system so i'm stuck in schools and studios
College is my plan but I love this fucking music though
Scared to do it because that dream is so stereotypical
They told me i was crazy if I really think i'm doing both
But fuck that shit, I did it
Now a nigga reppin' OVO
That's Zombie on the track, gon' be here always and forever
And I never gon' stop because this shit took me forever
Ima be a fucking legend, and the fact that you just doubted me just make me fucking laugh cause i'm only getting better
Call me Mr.Lottery cause i'm about to do the numbers
Spend it all when you get it cause you can't win this all over
Shoot first, then ask questions, live the life can't do it over
Put my city on my back, that's all I know!

[Hook]