[Intro]
{*people screaming*}
On the floor, now, NOW! Do it, do it
On the floor, now, NOW!

[Raekwon]
Oh shit! It's on huh?
(Aye yo sit your boney ass the fuck down)
(We not fucking playing in here)
This is a stick up, nobody move, get on the floor
Get on the walls, take your sneakers off, take off your drawers
Cover your dick, bitches be quiet, don't say shit
You move, I'mma make sure I clap you and your clique
All my gunnies is squeezing
Listen to me, before you die, just leave me my cheese
I ain't playing, I'm spraying, off top, doors is locked
Fuck around, try to run around, you greasy
Don't even dare, put your cell phone down, dear
Before I put my gun in your ear
I'm not a New Jack, an Iker or a jerk with a pump
I'm straight sober, I'mma feed my ratchet and hunt
We kill Willies, still hillbillies don't call us nothing else
Might have to melt your Phillies
You old man, sit down, tie up his hands
And yo, smack flames out him, get more and then blamp him

[Interlude]
Don't move! Don't fucking move!
Put your hands in the air, put your hands in the air!
Get 'em up!! Get on your knees!!
Get on your knees!!
GET ON YOUR KNEES!!

Gimme that fucking bag, man
Gimme that shit, you're my fucking wife, man
Get the fuck out!

[Ill Bill]
This bitch started blowing me in the safe
Her fantasy to fuck a bank robber so I blew a load in her face
I knew her from Canarsie, used to work at Chase Manhattan
Smiled when I walked in waving the ratchet
An inside job, the best kind, the rest I rob
Stay on the ground or you'll be laid to rest by God
I seen big face hundreds and bearer's bonds
I also see cameras on, I'm glad I wore my ski mask camouflage
Listen to "Lamb of God" while I packed the bong
While I studied how to disable a bank alarm
We got three minutes, handle the job
I'm standing on top of the counter with the chopper barrel staring at y'all
Why you pussies bleeding all on my money?
You fucking up my hundreds
Don't get your fucking head kicked on some dumb shit stupid
We the future of this bank robbing industry
Kidnap the judge and get a hundred years conspiracy

[Outro]
Everybody in the vault, get out, move!
{*screaming*} On the floor, now, NOW, do it, do it
On the floor, now, NOW!
Let's play a game Mr. President!
It's called spin the dial!