[Intro: Sample + Raekwon]
"I told you a long time ago, you fucking little monkey, not to fuck me."
"Aye, aye, who the fuck you think you talkin' to, huh? You wanna fuck with—"
"Who the fuck you think I am—your fuckin' bellboy?
D'you wanna go to war? D'you wanna go to war? We'll take you to war, okay?"
Coming up on half a mil, we build
Get real, y'all
Takin' you on another one, son
Uh, Julio Iglesias
Makin' C.R.E.A.M. like that nigga

[Verse 1: Ghostface]
Yo, ("Blow!") first of all son, peep the arson
Many brothers I be sparking and busting mad light inside the dark
Call me dough snatcher, just the brother for the rapture
I hang glide, holding on strong, hard to capture
Extravagant, RZA bake the track and it's militant
Then I react like a convict and start killing shit
It's manifested, the Gods work like appliances
Dealing in my cypher I revolve around sciences
The 9th chamber, leave you trapped inside my hallway
You try to flee but you got smoked up by the doorway
No question, I send your ass back right to the essence
Your whole frame is smothered in dirt, now how you resting
While I'll be trapped by sounds, locked behind loops
Throwing niggas off airplanes 'c loopause cash rules
Everything around me, black, as you can see
Swallow this murder one verse like God Degree
Then analyze my soundtrack for satisfaction
You adapt like a flashback chain reaction
(Lace them niggas, son)

[Verse 2: Raekwon]
AK's black bust back like seventy Macs
I'm all that, street niggas knowing my steez black
Ron G, you know he coincide with me, see
Marvelous menace for society
But anyway, let's toast, champagne thoughts with Ghost
I max the most shotguns through the nose
Fuck rap, hip hop put me on top
'Lo wears, and Tommy Hil fly shit with a knot
The witty unpredictable live shit, drive by shit
Do or die shit, I'll take your lye and shit
And then you know I'm running through the penal, foul
Four-toothed child was wild
The old lady snitched, but fuck it, you know it, one love kid
No I'm not doing a bid
Too much to get for what cause six niggas got stuck
And the nigga chain was truck
Yo fuck that, Criminology rap
Sneakers stay jet black floating in the flyest Ac'
Nigga... bring it! Yeah

[Outro: Raekwon]
Much love go to New York City
All my Tommy Hil', ice rocking niggas