[Intro: Raekwon, (8th Ward #1)]
Get the fuck outta here..
(Get the fuck outta here, son!)
(Word) Not them niggas, Cory Ak
That's my nigga right there
(What?) I knew you was gonna get on it
The check writer that's right, nigga
Son is nasty right there, he holdin the fuck down
Yeah, what? 8th Ward?
You know them niggas is giants, yo
Yo I'm get a pass on you, hit me up

[Raekwon]
Yo, my technique wires nigga's jaws
Take your's, we caked up playin boards
The sword spinnin, rotary dice, white linen
Invite women, chunks of ice on spinnin
Money on the back hand, rackin pinion
Stacked out, black civilian, chrome teeth, billions
Uh, Kennedy money, twist the Don King
Raise your arm, who rock a stockin cap? Calm, gritty songs
Broadcast the line on you spark steakhouse
Medowlark, he threw the eight out
Threw his darts, don't play without
Falcon in Atlanta with a bandana
White bitches fly, he threw a Santana blow thru Rose's Hanna
Big Duke rockin right there, eye observin his grill
Power silencers is real, eh yo
Ak feed the block, drop teaspoons, feed em for slot
Versace rag top bop, playin cops
Air Max, Newdoff threw his suit off
Pepsi paper, we can't paint em with the Lakers, Lakers
Throw a retainer down, Cream Team deligators throw the flame out
Polly popper with a large wop, eh yo, check it out...

[Cory Ak]
Yo, we makin power moves, sprayin power navigators
Cash Rules, coast to coast, city to city
See poppi flash, eight niggas, eight Jeeps and a stash fool
And when the drama pop up, then they harass you
Run up on ya ass with all black ski masks, fool
Cuz you naw on niggas ass like a cashew
Iced down, platinum G-twelve when we blast thru
Holigen lights, monitors in the dash, fool
Politicin about this paper we gon keep gettin
Mo rollies, more Jeeps, sittin, deep dishin
Wishin, oh, one day, you're gon be sittin
With Ak Father, makin moves out to San Quinten

[Chorus: Cory Ak, (Raekwon)]
When we speak, niggas listen like Evangelist
(Known from New York, Philly to Los Angeles)
With the Vibe Crack Entertainment back in this
(Cory Ak and Raekwon, yo, imagine this)
When we speak, niggas listen like Evangelist
(Known from New York, Philly to Los Angeles)
With the 8th Ward and Cream Team back in this
(Cory Ak and Raekwon, yo, imagine this)

[Raekwon]
Yo, framin well on, dunn be jailin on songs
He run with five live killer whale cons
Marketin, Jibar clothes on barkin
Take it back, six-seven waves, shark skin
Three-twenty wagons, flaggin down dragons
Grab him, he got his paper in his pocket, let's have him
Benz seagal, Ezekial chapters, sneak previews
At you, catch the moment like a statue
Analyzin the figures, niggas pull bigger
Tradin in vigors, mascarade, paid niggas
Buenos dias, C.I, collect chicked casa Filas
Yo, we own boats, rackin down 40 kilas

[8th Ward #1]
Yo, not tryin to blow, you fuckin with a bartender
Bird with navigation, y'all niggas get lost, players
The utmost, pretty young thugs that pack toast
And ain't afraid to cash the Filas and get close
Somebody goin coast to coast like Van Andrews
Throw that shit on the vegetables
We got more bitches to cut thru
Who you? I can't see you, y'all can't see me
Cuz y'all niggas put on shows like WB's
While my network ain't nuttin but Terantino flicks
You know? Guns, money, bitches and hot whips
Hot shit, nothin 'less spitten by Ben Franklin
And your girl bathe me with her rongue

[8th Ward #2 - ?Teddy?]
Y'all niggas can't ready for Teddy to hop out of the Chevy
Two guns, four clips, chips in the Benzy
Forty-inch, Cuban heavy, I been down
Can't come up, shine from sundown to sun-up
Some clown'll run up, yappin his mouth
'Til Teddy pull out his six and smack in his mouth
Fuck your car, catch Teddy, jackin your house
Takin all your shit, plus kidnappin your spouse
While your ass still sleepin in bed
Havin wet dreams about how you plan on stoppin Ted
Little light-skin nigga, about a buck sixty-seven
High five-ten but I pack a mac-eleven

Chorus

[Outro: Raekwon, (Cory Ak)]
Yea, yea, y'all know it's real in the field
(Imagine that) Fuck around and get your wig pealed
(Ak Father, Raekwon) Yea, y'all know the mothafuckin M.O
My nigga Ak (What? What?) 8th Ward, carry ya sword
(What, nigga? 8th Ward, you heard?
Louis Rich Lex Leonardo Raekwon Diamonds
(Uh, what? What?) Let me tell y'all fake-ass
Yo, son, you know you the illest
I ain't even gonna say nothin no more
Straight up, straight up
Yo, check this out, huh?
I'm goin up the block, right?
I don't wanna fuck with that thing right there
I'ma get up with you in a minute, kid
Word up (Cream Team, nigga) Oh yeah, oh yeah
(Chef Raekwon, nigga) I'll see you in a minute, kid
Keep everything right (Uh, Big Mook, nigga)
Yea, yea.. *fades* (Ak Father 2000! Mr Ak Father is back!)