[Verse 1: Raekwon]
Machine-gun rap for all my niggas in the back
Stadium packed, linebacker nigga flash stacks
See through yellow lines, rock a fly jersey in the summertime, God
Magic marker rap, bleed betadine
Relaxed, wrote this, coming at you crab-ass culprits
Snatch ya ice off, chilling in the back, throw the lights off
Waves, water blend, rhyme flow in slow motion
Thick snare, I'm feeling like a snail in the ocean
What's your wish? Wanna Kringle like Kris?
Melodic single, darts snap a nigga just like fish
You fucked up some rich niggas you done tested, yo
Select the wrong apartment and niggas pulled up your dress
Style, molest that, Canal chain, nigga, where ya vest at?
Flex'll make me wanna bless that, yo
Saddam Hussain niggas, light the torch, we flaming niggas
Autograph that, flatten all the main-niggas

[Hook: Sample + RZA + U-God]
("It's yours!") The world in the palm of your hand
("It's yours!") 23 million of useful land
("It's yours!") The seed and the black woman
("It's yours!") Double LP from Wu-Tang Clan
("It's yours!") Yo
("It's yours!")

[Verse 2: U-God + sample]
Super freak physique, like Raphael Saadiq
Baby love the ganja leaf everyday of the week
Super friends wake up, deluxe gourmet beats
The night is right, I might find me a suite
It's a quarter full moon, I arrive, women swoon
Well groomed, dance hall packed, full room
Lady move, peep my glide, peep my zoom
Keep in stride, smoke the la, smoke the boom
Feel the fumes, consume toxic tunes
Hellbound, species forty ounce typhoon
The ultraviolet scream machine move your body touch
The totem pole wobble, Ark builders, God's thrust
Beams of light, stop your breathing, it's hunting season
Honey eye-balling down for no reason
Grab her close, play post, wind and wax floors
Never mind the laws 'cause tonight — "It's yours!"

[Verse 3: RZA]
Stop the fader of the RAM, blast more watts through my pre-amp
Them can't stress the beat vamp the shit'll get blamp
At full throttle, hot lead propels throughout my nozzle
Crack your skull like bottles, leave you stripped as models
You fag, you couldn't pull one drag off my blunt
You couldn't punch your way out of a wet paper bag
With scissors in your hands, bitch the RZA
I stand close to walls like Number 4 The Lizard
And channel through solar panels, blast off like Roman Candles
Rap vandals, stomp your ass like Wahoo McDaniel
You cocker spaniel dogs can't fuck with our catalog
Put your lights out and leave your brain inside a fog

[Verse 4: Inspectah Deck]
It's only natural, actual facts are thrown at you
The impact will blow trees back and crack statues
Million dollar rap crews fold, check the sick shit, explicit
I crystallize ya rhyme till you can sniff it
We live this, fitted hats low conceal the crooked eye
No surprise, verbal stick up, put 'em high
Rebel I outlaw, split second on the draw
Blow the door off this shit like bricks of C-4

[Hook: Sample + RZA]
("It's yours!") The world in the palm of your hand
("It's yours!") 23 million of useful land
("It's yours!") The seed and the black woman
("It's yours!") Double LP from Wu-Tang Clan
("It's yours!")
("It's yours!")
("It's yours!")

[Verse 5: Ghostface Killah]
Check out my beaver, baby blue Glock in the safe
Seen Dorothy in the garden getting ski row eight
We hold a belt Son, that's my word
Spot a rapper run him down, throw him out in the third, yo check it
I think like the man behind a register
Evergreen smoking estates, Divine and Power made me treasurer
With third down, six to go flash his strobe lights
I'm open, RZA hit me off lovely and I love him
With root beer thoughts, here's a tennis court for your birthday
The babyface of Rap politic with Sade
Avenging eagle crooks, rock the "W" and "Spiegel" books
Anheuser-Busch kings came through and stopped your whole juks
Spitfire Kangols, watch Tony train a gang of hoes
Painful like hearing the news like when your man go
Ends blow, windy at times watch the room
Sexy girl love the shit out the song, now watch her water break

[Hook: Sample + RZA]
("It's yours!") The world in the palm of your hand
("It's yours!") 23 million of useful land
("It's yours!") The seed and the black woman
("It's yours!") Double LP from Wu-Tang Clan
("It's yours!")

[Outro: U-God]
It's yours!