Niggas is fucking crazy, you know what I'm saying?
Hell yeah, man
Word, you know how niggas be biting and shit
Niggas be biting mad styles and shit from niggas, man
Yeah, no doubt
That's what I be hating man, I can't stand a fucking biting ass nigga
Wanna use your lines all ahead of time before you even get a chance to shine on your own shit

True, nah niggas be killing me though son because you know
They be they be coming with your words and shit
They hear you say one word then here they come with the word
Trying to flip it and bounce it and shit on some bullshit
Yeah, yeah
Not sounding right first of all and shit, you know what I'm saying?
Boom, but then you got niggas son on the real, you know what I'm saying?
Niggas niggas niggas niggas is biting off your album cover and shit
Yeah!
Boom, bad enough they biting lines like niggas killed me when they came with some Na-
Niggas bit offa Nas shit! You know what I'm saying?
*chuckling*
Word niggas niggas niggas niggas caught his little album cover, boom
Then done did a Nas for that shit
Yeah
I'm like damn what the fuck man?
It's like these happy-go-lucky niggas man when they get on man
They wanna pop a little, a little champagne, you know what I'm saying?
But like I said...
Every few, every time you see 'em, you know what I'm saying?
Like, front on, don't front for me, man
You gon' play that role man, play it though

Yo man, it's like this man, niggas man
Niggas know not to fuck around with this shit though
I don't give a fuck how nasty niggas get

Nah son, let me tell these niggas something, God
I don't want niggas sounding like me... on no album!
You know what I'm saying?
For real cause I'mma approach a nigga man
For real man, I don't want nobody sounding like me man
For real son, you know
No doubt
Bad enough nigga, I don't want nobody sound like nobody from my Clan, man
Keep it real, get your own shit man, and be original

Word up
That's all man
And you'll be a better man
And you gonna come out on your own way
Word up
Whatever how you gonna take it man, fuck it
Word up