[Album Intro: Ghostface Killah (Raekwon)]
(Yeah yeah I'm tired of doing this shit)
Aight word, aight I'ma set it (Tell me how you feel man)
Yo son, check the fly shit son (Sup cousin how you doin'?)
Yo baby check it man, I got a new connect son, for real man
Fuck all this twenty-four brick shit man (No doubt)
My man got out of state for fifteen (Yeah)
You know what I'm saying?
(You know my man's and 'em is in VA they politicking to death) Right right (So it's all good, what's up? What you wanna do?)
We gotta move God, we gotta move God, we gotta migrate
Get the f-, get the fuck outta New York, yaknowhatI'msayin?
Bounce man, start fucking with bigger and better shit
So you telling me no more big eights strictly breaks
No more no more no more man (I'm with you, I've been waiting)
No more God (what's up?)
It's the pot of gold right here man this is it man, this is glory
YouknowhatI'msayin?
(So yo, the first thing we gotta do man is just know what we gonna do with this cream when we get it man) Right
(Cause I'm not tryna just be, sitting on motherfucking 200 thou)
(And acting like I'ma just be a drug dealer all my life) Nah
(Son I got bigger and better plans Son)
No doubt, we gonna move on man
(And you know I be fucking with anybody man)
Son, long as the love and the trust is there Son we gonna grow God
(Yo, yo, Tony)
We gonna grow like a plant, son
(Yo you coming at me like that, son?)
For real son, come on you know me man (You know my style, son)
You know how my heart feels though, God (No doubt)
But yo God, for real, this is my last time God
I'm hanging this shit up man if this shit don't work right here, God
YouknowhatI'msayin?
(Word up, I feel the same way, I feel the same way kid)
Yo God, yaknowhatI'msayin?
I got shot at man, my mom's windows got shot the fuck up man
(Yeah)
Yo God, my baby's in here God, see I gotta take the time man
And raise my family man (Yeah yeah yeah)
YaknowhatI'msayin? Sit around man, my grandkids, man
(But yo son, it's like this man, we all living man, we here now man
Word man
(YouknowhatI'msayin? Let's not think like we gon' be stagnating man, let's keep moving ahead man, keep our head up man
Take care of our families man)
God, word is bond, I'm your eyes that's in back of you kid
(Let's do it then)