[Intro]
Who?!
Who, who is this person you're talking about?!
Who is this person you're talking about?!
You answer me now?!
ISHi?!
Who is he?!
Who is he?!

[Hook]
We can run the world, we can, we can run the world
We can run the world, we can, we can run the world
We can run the world, we can, we can run the world
Who-who-who-who-who-who is he?
Who-who-who-who-who-who is he?
Who-who-who-who-who-who is he?
(Haaan)

[Verse 1: French Montana]
I got dreams, cash and the cream
Grind like a fiend for shit you've never seen
Watch me take it over, bitches be coming over
Money, we count it over, my niggas, they never sober
I pull up in the Bent, dark tint, black gun; sippin clip
Bent, clock in, black shoes, my attitude's
Fuck for the dollar, nothing, hit the bottle
Fifth clap skater lap, all black raider hat
Served the customers to custom make the Porsche
Nasir Jones, homie, the world is yours
I'm Tony Montana with a bitch from Atlanta
At the Caesers Cabana, then I'm ghost like a phantom, haan
Dirty money hit me like a needle
Got me standing on the street like the Beatles
I'm a motherfucking coke boy
Baby, come and run the world with a dope boy
(I'm a motherfucking coke boy)
(I-I'm a motherfucking coke boy, coke boy, coke boy)
(coke-coke-coke-coke boy)
(coke boy)
(I-I'm a motherfucking coke boy)

[Hook]
Some people, look in through the needle
This isn't where we started
They see you running through the fields
Deep inside a capsuled, freedom, you know nothing at all
We run, we run, we run
We run, we run, we run
We run, we run, we run
We can run the world

I got these funny MC's keep tryna get the lyrics
I got 300 Don C's and I can barely fit them
I'm like a nymphomaniac dating a schizophrenic
What I said is what I get I'm bettin the head ridiculous
We can run the world, just get the handcuffs off us
Mr. Officer, don’t want no problems
I don’t got no Glock, no girl, why you so forceful?
It’s like I’m sounding like Floyd before another bout
How you niggas doing, take off, sitting on mama’s couch?
Bitch I did that shit with Raekwon the youngest with the clout
[?]
I’m forever a poet, I was never a killer
[?] when it grips, [?]
Rocking on a great figure that doubled my digits
[?] said I’m out of shape, nigga still running this city

[Hook]
Some people, look in through the needle
This isn't where we started

[Verse 2: Raekwon]
[?] amazing in weather, rocking big leathers
Catch him on the block stocking since the red jetters
Monkey flipping, brand gamble with the chop headers
Won't take no shorts, we don't jock niggas
Fast and furious, though curious
That I'll [?] from your home Julius
Just bounce, drop the Uzi and fly, meet you at the Ritz
Sweet 19 and switch up the whips, yo
Young De Niro, the black hand, mafia gang land
Where niggas bang out and do the same jam
I be in Brazil stroking 'em down
And for the hell I blame you, then fly like PamAm do
Whoever said I went down? I was configurating this money
To feed my babies monthly and retire
But now I'm more larger, smarter, call me the martyr
This separating me from these authors

[?]

[Hook]
So people, looking through the needle
This isn't where we started
They see you're running to the fields
Deep inside a capsule, freedom, you know nothing at all
We run, we run, we run
We run, we run, we run
We run, we run, we run
We can run the world


[Verse 3: Raekwon — on the Spring Pieces version only]
Yeah, all that [?]
Revolution eyes gangstas heads broccoli
[?] snipers and broccoli
This is all graphic from professinal killas, it's true
Don't get excited until we tell you too
Motile magnificent heavy armor rap
We go until the clock stop, don't bother black dudes
Billy club boys, those architects and street politics
Keep it hard like scholarships
Stadium shit, listen 2 bars exemplified
All I know is some came and some died
But from the cloth to the wardrobe fly, rich
Intelligent drama king is interchangeable like the Morris code