Yo whattup playboy

Yo whattup nigga, what's hood

Damn, shit, what's poppin' man?

Chillin, my nigga, man you know what I mean? Just came from 145th, chillin' with my niggas in Harlem and shit

Yeah, word, what the fuck you did man?

Fuck you talkin' 'bout nigga?

I don't know man, niggas called this nigga with some shit, so, the nigga wanna see, he just wanna see you yo

What happened, nigga? What the fuck happened?

I don't know man, I ain't even really tryin' to get involved in that shit, but the nigga was expecting you, hold on

Oh, where this nigga at man?

Yo, whattup boy? Yeah, this nigga here

What happened nigga what happened?

He here right now

The fuck happened nigga?

I'mma send him in the back then, aiight

Damn, yo yo yo, why we down here for nigga?

Umm, don't even worry about all that nigga

Yo, yo, Don't the nigga be keepin' the motherfuckin' monkeys down here and shit nigga?

That nigga ain't got no motherfuckin' monkeys man, come on man

Yo, I don't like this shit nigga. Yo where we goin' man?

That nigga ain't got no motherfuckin' monkeys man, come on man. Go ahead man that nigga waitin' for you boy

Aiight yo. Yo whattup blood?

Yo whattup

Whattup nigga, what's good?

Where you was at all day?

I was up in Harlem and shit, on 145th know what I mean? Chillin' with my niggas up there smokin' a little weed or whatever

You don't know nobody up there man

Come on man, my niggas is up there and shit know what I mean?

Listen, listen, listen, listen, everything is out the bag. I know what's going on, I know all the shit man. I know what happened, let me get that

What you talkin' 'bout?

Let me get that

What you talkin' 'bout my nigga?

You don't understand what I'm sayin'?

Na man, I don't know what you're talkin' 'bout, I ain't got nothin' nigga

Let me get that

Yo what you sayin' dog?

Aiight, so you don't understand this. Yo son, it's time

Yo it ain't gotta be like this, nigga, what's good? We're good! Yo, yo yo yo, chill nigga, we're good! Yo, it ain't gotta be like this nigga! Come on! Chill! Chill nigga! Yo!