[Verse 1: Kembe X]
Hahhhhhhhh
Ay, what you doin?
I'm chillin in my bastard's stance, makin sure I get my message to arrive on time
And meanwhile... I'm thinkin of a master plan
Ha
Nah, I'm lyin. I'm divine, by design
Real shit, Been in a war with my past devils
Drive fast, with a Village full of high-class rebels
Indestructible like we were made of die cast metal
My dream never been left alone, trouble's just some stepping stones
Gave my chick my necklace, next month's gonna be hella epic, so
I'm livin extra reckless, you know hell is just a second home
Space upon my wall, left for plaques and murals
Got a safe up in my basement left for racks in plurals
Track by track, these beats I'm knockin out
That class ain't help my passion so I told my mom I'm droppin out
Self Rule finna smash these niggas, floppin ain't an option now
My camera man had doubted me.. Kembe X is poppin now
Lamb life, Llama Livin, Swag Village, Fag listen
Genesis do business and I got Fredricko adlibbin
Niggas say they want some tracks that's live, we on it
Lost my train of thought so I'm finna throw Wiley on it
Muhfucka

Hook:

You dealin with a basket case
I'm going crazy on these niggas, and since that's the case
I think I..
I need a bitch to bounce some shit
I'm with The Village trippin off a couple ounces bitch x2

Verse 2 (Alex Wiley)

Village up...
Give a fuck? Naw
Young so we live it up
Mad you trash? Give it up dawg
As a young bright nigga in The P
Everybody pictured me, being so successful
Felt like I got cropped out when I dropped out, never felt anything so stressful
But fuck it, I bounce back
52nd Kenwood, where the house at
And the life couldn't be more about that
A jam? Couldn't possibly be more out that
Racks? I'mma count that
That's game bitch for you lame bitches
You niggas ain't shit
You niggas can't spit
While I'm hittin them flows y'all can't hit
Face it, we ain't on the same shit
Negativity never effects the kid
No sucker don't worry
Ain't talkin bout jewelry when I give your bitches pearl necklaces
You reckless bitch
And The Village on the precipice of this excellence
I think it's time for a fuck nigga exodus
You don't even deserve to stand next to this
Time for reckoning..
Village proud
Spit it loud
We don't kiss no ass, y'all niggas got the shitty mouth..
See these niggas biting?
Why don't you go ahead and spit that out?
Us against y'all? That's a Major League Stain
I don't think Oxyclean is gonna get that out

(Kembe X)
Self Rule, November 25th. Cop that