[Verse 1: A$AP Rocky]
First of all, I would like to start by saying
I'm the motherfucking man, just thought I'd let you niggas know, hear me?
If the shit hit the fan and these rappers start
The pen coming at you niggas' throats, hear me?
Do it big out in Cannes
At the film festival, nigga, every year I go, hear me?
Big dick, that's my man
Keep forty bitches round, bring 'em everywhere I go
Hear me? Hear me? Chilling on a boat
In the south of France, island happened off the coast
Saint-Tropez when I'm waving to the folks
Got the young trap lord with me looking like the Pope, hear me?
Grew up living broke
Before we'd seen it all, niggas had to dream it all
Don't you compare me cause there ain't nobody near me
They don't see me but they feel me
They don't feel me but they feel me, they hear me

[Hook: A$AP Rocky & Pharrell]
Hear me?
Young niggas doing what it takes to survive
Hear me?
Young niggas only pay attention if it's fly
Hear me?
All I ever hope to do is prosper when I strive
Hear me?
If they ain't playing in the game then they hating on the side
Hear me?

[Verse 2: A$AP Rocky]
Black dark shades, black leather jacket
Bad chick on my arm got me looking like The Fonz, hear me?
We the champions and about to get a ring same size as LeBron's, hear me? Hear me?
Yeah, life is a bitch and it's no holds barred, every man for themselves, hear me? Hear me?
And if you ain't a man and your name ain't Solange
Keep your hands to yourself, hear me?
But I don't know them grown folks' business
The thoughts that they plant like it's photosynthe-sis
In your bits, put their nose all in it
I bring 'em to the light with my photogenics
Hear me? Fuck all those critics
If Flacko on the booth, that mean a killer on the loose, ooh
Don't you compare me cause there ain't nobody near me
They don't see me but they feel me
They don't feel me but they fear me, they hear me

[Hook: A$AP Rocky]
Hear me? Hear me?
Young niggas doing what it takes to survive
Hear me? Hear me?
Young niggas only pay attention if it's fly
Hear me? Hear me?
All I ever hope to do is prosper when I strive
Hear me?
If they ain't playing in the game then they hating on the side

[Verse 3: A$AP Rocky]
Uh, third verse, turn to third gear
I left a couple things out like the third wheel
These niggas lying on tracks without a third rail
Cause yeah, I'm only stating facts when I'm saying on wax
In your ear like I'm cleaning out the wax
They don't hear me like they're deaf, "it was wack", was dirt there?
Hear me? Yes, I gotta talk about the trap
Matter of fact, let me talk about rap cause I've served here
Yeah, hear me? Hear me?
Man, fuck the bullshit cause now I'm in my zone, hear me? Hear me?
I hear the same bullshit in every other song, hear me?
So I try to give 'em something different, listen when I'm on, hear me? Hear me?
Saddest thing about it is they only pay attention and they miss you when you're gone, hear me? Hear me?