London town, I came to shut it down
I'm the king of the underground they call me A$AP Rocky baby
Let's do it! Oh we 'bout to spit for real
I be that trill kid, that pretty mother fucka you know
Worry about who hot, talk about who hotter
Harlem globetrotter, his shirt stay Margia
Black harry potter, couldn't get with me like your father
Green coop looking like guava
Couldn't get with me, look its Spike Lee on the scene
And I'm balling out of my league
Camoflauge on cause I came up fly guys
So I do dirty money, hand sanitize fries
What's that you eating? Throw some salt on it
You know they like pigs throw the pork on it
And I see them in the road throw a fork on it
And I, rest in peace throw the corpse on it
I can floss on it word to ?
And I stick them in the gutter and I get at your lil brother
Never start a ? coming at your mother
And you know me and A$AP we gon' just ride for each other
What's up?
Like a goblin, tell them keep slobbin' on my knobbin'
I don't give a damn because I'm mobbin'
With my crew came down to London town, shut it down
Give me the crown I got the sound, whatever
I come through with the lever and I hit you with the mother effer
?
And you know I'm like a marksman with the Glock 10 and I put it to your cartman
And I bring it to your door, give it to you raw
ODB, shimmy shimmy shimmy ya ooh!
And my hat say "calm the f down"
Came to London town, came to shut it down
This is off of the tippity top and the dome and I'm comin'
Im creamin' and niggas know that I singin it and I come through in it
Got these niggas singing it oh!
No curses on the verses whats worse?
Put them in the hurst, bad bitch red skirt
You know that she flirt, I'm smoking on that purp
And I like that purple drank, I would put you in the dirt
Never talk never chirp, use a bird
Don't want it with me kick them chickens to the curb
Girls got nerve and the fiends got served
And you know the D's on me cause the D's got served, word? Ok
This is off of the top and
A$AP Rocky came off of the block
Bandana around my neck, money signs on the grinding
You already know Harlem world we shining
I day dream pretty women out in Beijing
Paris say ling hop up in the saline
I chase dreams, man white but the face green
Same thing everyday, everything green
F my reply, ? through the statements
Help me with my statements, I was saving in my savings
From a three bedroom shack I was raised in, the condos out in Jersey full of J. West paintings
Talk to the boy how you talk the lord, talk to these broads how I talk to my dog
? plates, Margiella rugs, my boys make smores out you marshmallow thugs
Hop up out of first class, hop into that E-Class
Cut raw cut school I ain't ever see class
If so I was cutting in my nigga Steve's class
School of hard knocks graduated with a G Pass
G Code, Street Code, Fake niggas, cheat codes
Niggas trying to turn fake shit green cheap gold
I don't know how they do it for the freak shows
But I ain't gonna be smoked, so we toast
A$AP, A$AP
Yo we could do this all day alright?
Yo I could do it all day I could keep going man
Let me know whats up
Keep doing your thing!
Yo I'm on to the next-ist, you looking at the bestest
Married to the game treat you niggas like my step-kids
Pull up in the Porsche, niggas feel nausea
Didn't write the rules but my status like the author
Just crashed the Range, so I pulled the Bent out
Probably getting brains, chilling in my penthouse
Slackin' on your mackin' and I'm bout to lay my pimp down
Christian Louis Vuitton red bottoms come in mens now
On to the next one, skinny jeans fitted
Pull up to these shows and these hoes know to get in
Said they like my fitted clothes down to my split ends
Little do she know I got a big ego
On the next and gotta order a protection
Killin' feelin' all these records so my charges is molesting
And assault with deadly weapons so these rappers feeling threatened
They the hip hop patron, I'm a hip hop felon