[Intro: Chace Infinite]
Fuck the bullshit, my nigga. Y'all niggas started this shit. A$AP started it, y'all finish it. Don't let these mothafuckin' devils come between y'all. They start tryna separate shit, make this shit they shit or something that it's not. Y'all niggas got the mothafuckin' plan. Build the mothafuckin' plan, keep the team straight and keep that shit G. Don't let these mothafuckas come in between y'all. Y'all got the power, keep the power in y'all mothafuckin' hands. Fuck these niggas man, go get it. Ya feel me? Keep it G

[Verse 1: A$AP Rocky]
This is music for the villains, sophisticated children
A$AP in the house, now we're finna run the building
Working never chilling 'til I get a million
To the ceiling, now my niggas gunning for a billion
They ask me how I'm living, I say I'm gold grilling
Niggas acting different, mothafuck' a friendship
These bitches is persistent, talking 'bout I'm distant
Lost my mind a long time ago to find it, need forensics
For instance, I get-get my dick licked
Red bone, complexion like a piglet, kiss-kiss
Fuck Ace, we sip Cris, afford it cause I'm getting it
Drip-drip, the thought of it is ignorant, isn't it? (hahahah)
I'm ticklish, stunting is my business
Swagging on you hoes and I'm shitting on you niglets
So little homie, peep game
Cause these other rappers lame and don't care to do the same
Young blood

[Chorus: SpaceGhostPurrp & (A$AP Rocky)]
(Hey, young blood) Stay true to the game
Fuck them lames, keep it mothafuckin' G
(Hey, young blood) Nigga I'mma tell you
Like a mothafuckin' G told me
(Hey, young blood) Stay true to yourself
Every day, low-mothafuckin'-key
(Hey, young blood) Cause at the end of the day
Fuck what you say, nigga I'mma keep it G
(Uh, uh, uh)

[Verse 2: SpaceGhostPurrp]
Well, let me tell you 'bout a nigga like me
I be smoking, choking, black locing with the OE
She wanna take a dick ride, we slide
Straight to the telly, shaking her jelly with my dick inside
Hit it in motion, in slow motion, hit it
Nigga, she's open, nigga I'm poking, split it
With it, get it right there in the bed
Open up your legs, let me beat that pussy red
Fuck what you said, I'mma still do me
Groupies, be sucking and fucking, porno movie
Do we have a problem in here
Look a nigga in the eye as I notice the fear
I am severe, my style is hella sharp, like a spear
All I do is sit back and think with a 40 beer
And you gotta feel the funk
While the bass plays loud booming all in your damn trunk

[Chorus: SpaceGhostPurrp & (A$AP Rocky)]
(Hey, young blood) Stay true to the game
Fuck them lames, keep it mothafuckin' G
(Hey, young blood) Nigga I'mma tell you
Like a mothafuckin' G told me
(Hey, young blood) Stay true to yourself
Every day, low-mothafuckin'-key
(Hey, young blood) Cause at the end of the day
Fuck what you say, nigga I'mma keep it G
(Uh, uh, uh)