[Intro: Brain and Lil Dicky]
Brain
LD
Ey man, the way these bitches when they fuck on us
Th- sh- the friction, this shit hurt bro
You gotta talk to them bro
Ok...

[Verse 1: Lil Dicky and Brain]
I tell her, I tell her, I tell her
Chill, girl (ey)
We should chill girl (chill chill chill)
You been humpin' on me too fast, keep it real girl
The Brain on the same page
Fucking another one
Damn, LD
How do you slow a hoe down? (Ewuh)
I'm 'bout to show a hoe how
Aye, Baby girl let's slow it down, yeah
Drill her when I'm in it, I admit it
But I hate it when these bitches ridin' dick super quick (ay)
Aggressive ass movements hurt my dick (ow)
I don't know why, just the way my dick was built (ah)
Getting the impression when they get up on erection that they think it'd be impressive just to go full tilt (fast)
0 to 100 bitches going full Wilt (ow)
Seriously afraid that my dick might wilt (hurts)

[Verse 2: Brain]
(Brain)
Out n' 'bout with my Spanish bitch (Brain)
Told that hoe I'm middle management at the Radisson (aaath)
Why she hoppin' on the brain like a savage bitch? (oo-ah)
She fuck me ravenous (oo-ah-uh)
I'm assessing damages, shit (Brain, Brain)
Coordinating all the money bags
Coordinating all the fucking ass
Orating, I don't like it fast (yeah)
Pores chafing when she fuck me fast
Ey-ey-eyye-ey-ey
And the Brain don't even got no dick (woah)
Woah, But I got a dick
And I'm tryna' do it like this

[Chorus: Lil Dicky and Brain]
Let me fuck slow on you girl (uuuh-huh-uhh)
Let me fuck slow on you girl (uuuh-huh-uhh)
Where them hoes lookin' bomber than a landmine? (mine)
Will my bros that be fuckin' on 'em stay alive (live)?
Just let me fuck slow on you girl (chill girl, chill chill)
Let me fuck slow on you girl
(you should chill girl, you should chill girl)
And the Brain got them bitches on standby
And the Brain getting hungry Raisin Bran time (yuh)

[Verse 3: Lil Dicky and Brain]
Chill girl (chill chill chill)
We should chill girl (we should chill girl)
I've been looking at them ol' breasts, is they real girl? (oofh)
Thinking through the words like I read it (yeah)
Scout it out Brain
If you see a tight end then they Tellus like Bennett (Aye)
1 in 7 done, goin' down like credits
Don't get shook like lettuce (lettuce)
Brain tryna' get fucked (oo-uh)
Brain tryna' get sucked (oo-uh)
Brain been lit for a month (oo-uh)
Fucked a bitch on the kiss cam (oo-uh)
Eeauh!
Yeah I been doing my thing LD
Now they been checking for Brain
Ey, we should go flirt with this dame, k?
She should come flirt with the Brain

[Verse 4: Lil Dicky and Brain]
But this bitch has it all like a Genuardi's (ay)
Now my mouth is watering just like my spot for Hardee's
(Ewuh, ewuh)
I'ma go chill with the girl be back I'm all with that
Young L-I got a knack for haulin' that
I might even get up in the bathroom stall with that
Please, you haven't fucked like Brain
I got this shit like a car alarm
When that car is parked around thieves (ewuh)
Got this shit like gardener that's in charge of all of your trees (ewuh)
Young LD got a poppin' ass shirt check
Backstory kinda poppin', what's my word check?
I might even go up to the bar and cover her check
And then you'll say what?

[Chorus: Lil Dicky and Brain]
Let me fuck slow on you girl (uuuh-huh-uhh)
Let me fuck slow on you girl (uuh-huh-uhh)
Where them hoes lookin' bomber than a landmine? (ewuh)
Will my bros that be fuckin' on 'em stay alive?
Just let me fuck slow on you girl (chill girl, chill chill)
Let me fuck slow on you girl
(you should chill girl, you should chill girl)
And the Brain got them bitches on standby
And the Brain getting hungry, Raisin Bran time (yuh)

[Outro: Brain]
I fuck- I fuck with Raisin Bran so heavy
That shit hard
Brain