[Verse 1: Lil Dicky]
It's like, these days Dicky been up on his grind
Tryna spit a rhyme
Fly enough to get cracker signed
It's aight tho
I been typing all damn night bro
Kikes gotta write raps right, no typo
Nice flow
Best up in the game, no Michael
I guess I gotta wait for the fame, no lipo
But damn, if ya man had a hoard of fanbase
I'd have a lot to cover like a corpulent klan face
Go on some man dates
With D'Caprio and Drake
And make a man cave full of chronic and pancakes
A handshake's all I'm really wantin' from LeBron tho
I dunno, think I'd rather get up with his mom
And do it delante, couple bottles of Andre
In Pompeii, getting dirtier than some laundry
I'm freakin' every ho just for Cleveland man
But first thing I'mma need some fans

[Hook: Lil Dicky]
Cause Lil Dicky tryna make that cake like a balla do
And denigrate Lil Wayne up at a barbecue
And I just wanna hit the floor with Pauly D
And cross swords up with Tommy Lee
So where the muh'fuckers drinkin' the Cîroc at?
Where the fuck the Rock at?
Where the bad bitches on this mediocre cock atttt?
I'm tryna make the move
From gay, lame, dateless jew to famous dude, ya dig?

[Verse 2: Lil Dicky]
(Verse two)
First grade and I was thirsty
I was wantin' fame up in the muthafuckin' worst way
Word play, gotta get ya boy up on some first take
Skip Bay, Steve A, get up in they ass ya dig
If I'm celebbin' then I'm getting with McAdams's
The hottest women on the muthafuckin' planet, kid
I'm tryna get up at Selena
Mess around with Mila
I remember when it was Christina
Genie up in a bottle, but now she couldn't fit up on a waterbed
I wanna score a ten, imagine Natalie Portman
And if she borin' then I'll get a ride in my DeLorean
And go before it, securing the whore I been adoring since
I was a teen, yada mean
Britney Spears, whacha doin'
Couple years, that career and that metabolism ruined
Ya ain't know about me yet
But the future do
On Youtube, I been getting some views

[Hook]
Cause Lil Dicky tryna make that cake like a balla do
And denigrate Lil Wayne up at a barbecue
And I just wanna hit the floor with Pauly D
And cross swords up with Tommy Lee
So where the muh'fuckers drinkin' the Cîroc at?
Where the fuck the Rock at?
Where the bad bitches on this mediocre cock atttt?
I'm tryna make the move
From gay, lame, dateless jew to famous dude, ya dig?

[Verse 3: Lil Dicky]
Ay, enough about a boo, I ain't need a bitch
But I need a clique
Full a people Derek Jeterish
Love the Bieber kid
That's a hell of a dude
Well I ain't met him but his documentary was the truth
I'd holla back at Snoop, drop a couple tracks in the booth
He'd prolly have me high enough to take a nap as I poop
I'm callin Kobe Bryant up because I'm fucking with his game
But it's such a shame, I can tell that muthafucka lame tho
Flame flow
Ain't nobody even know ma name tho
And all I wanna do is know if Channing's really gay tho
All I wanna do is play Durant up in some Halo
Play shows, date hoes, where the fuck Diddy at?
Where Lil Dicky gon' spit at?
And where the crib at?
And where da rose gold shit at?
I'm tryna get that
I wish that I was sitting courtside for games
And lickin' on Kate Upton's titties

[Hook]
Lil Dicky tryna make that cake like a balla do
And denigrate Lil Wayne up at a barbecue
And I just wanna hit the floor with Pauly D
And cross swords up with Tommy Lee
So where the muh'fuckers drinkin' the Cîroc at?
Where the fuck the Rock at?
Where the bad bitches on this mediocre cock atttt?
I'm tryna make the move
From gay, lame, dateless jew to famous dude, ya dig?