[Intro]
"Hey, what's going on man, it's your boy LD
And I'm a pretty big rap fan, and
I'm noticing that every other rapper get to say whatever they want
So, I just wanted to make a song where I could, like, act like I was the man
Like "Mercy," but my friend Dean said I couldn't
And, he a hundred percent right
If I tried to say anything cool, I would just sound, like... gay
You know what kind of disadvantage that puts me at, where I just can't say anything cool?
Like, literally, the only thing I could think of was to bring a black dude in for the chorus, so shout out Corey Gunz"

[Hook]
Ridin' round smoking weed with my foreign bitch
Ridin' round smoking weed with my foreign bitch
My window down, I'm riding to my new shit (Wish that was me...)
Got my new bitch, got my, got my new bitch (This dude a G..!)
I don't camp off wit no J's, they sell them hoes for free (What the fuck that mean?)
Never payin' for no pussy, fuck them hoes for free
That's a fucking bawlaa
How can I become a bawlaa?

[Verse 1]
Mirror mirror on the wall
How can Dicky learn to ball?
I wish I was T.I.P. and I could spit some shit with southern drawls
I wish I could flip a brick and spit that shit like Ricky Ross
Holla at broads, at the mall
Spit about a muhfuckin' bitch up in 'da whip
And getting lit up in the backseat
Talking shit about a dinner with an athlete
Fuck that, can't rap like the rest of these muhfuckers
Without all my writtens being fact free
Do y'all know how bad I wish I could?
But y'all would laugh if I spit hood
So now your man is making jams about some random shit
When dudes is rappin' bout they fucking weaponry
Homicidal tendencies
The only dough that I can boast about is seeded sesame
I'm jealous, B
Cause everybody in the game get to say they kill
Everybody in the game get to say they steal
Everybody in the game sayin' words like "trill"
Really wish that I could make that hit, fake that shit
Without coming off all gay and shit
Cuz if I could've rapped like Wayne
Then I'd prolly be saying a lot of the crazy shit, like
"I'mma kill you pussy ass bitches with the chopper!
Now make that pussy pop off!"
And this shit would sound proper

[Chorus]
Ridin' round smoking weed with my foreign bitch
Ridin' round smoking weed with my foreign bitch
My window down, I'm riding to my new shit (Wish that was me...)
Got my new bitch, got my, got my new bitch (This dude a G!)
I don't camp off wit no J's they sell them hoes for free (What the fuck that mean?)
Never payin' for no pussy, fuck them hoes for free
That's a fucking bawlaa
How can I become a bawlaa?
(I just wish I could say black things, straight up)

[Verse 2 ]
Here we go, here's a flow
Bout some shit I really know
I'mma spit it raw and swag it up as if I'm really cold
My cheerios is honey nut
Gear at most a hundred bucks
P.S. I Love You is on the TV, Dicky tearin' up
Go up to the bathroom, I have to
My dentist say I gotta make an effort, now it's time to floss
Holler at my dog, and I call the muhfucker to me, and
Get a leash and take him out to walk
Roll around the ave, I put his shit up in a bag
And then a whip pull up, the windows down, this bitch look out and asking how she get back on the highway
Told that bitch to drive straight
And take a left on Honeycut
But stay up in the right lane
Cause  it come up kinda quick
You see what the fuck I'm saying? Other people get to rap about, like
Home cooked crack, and, like, jail and shit
And I gotta spit a lotta shit about a motherfucking kid up in a crib that's got the central air
It's not fair, no one cares
Real talk, I just wanna braid my hair
And rap about whatever, bruh
Money, hoes, etcetera
Instead of being clever every measure but I'm never gonna be...

[Hook]
Ridin' round smoking weed wit my foreign bitch
Ridin' round smoking weed wit my foreign bitch
My window down, I'm riding to my new shit (Wish that was me...)
Got my new bitch, got my, got my new bitch (This dude a G!)
Ion't camp off wit no j's they sell them hoes for free (What the fuck that mean?)
Never payin' for no pussy, fuck them hoes for free
That's a fucking bawlaa
How can I become a bawlaa?

[Outro]
"Yeah, like, it ain't fair
Like, Kanye says shit like "Have you ever had sex with a pharaoh? I put the pussy in a sarcophagus."
And nobody remotely questions that, they just respect his swag more
Rick Ross say his "car smell like blue cheese."
If I said my shit smell like blue cheese, people would just think
Like, I was eating wings in my car, and, like, making a mess, like a goddamn mess...
So... fuck"