Intro: Brain & [Lil Dicky]
Ewuh
Brain
LD (ewuh)
AKA 'Cream' (yah)
People are always saying to me
"Hey Cream, how do you come up with the stuff you come up with?" (Because it's so cool)
And it's not even me, I... it's...
It's Brain!

[Verse 1: Lil Dicky & Brain]
Fuckin' with these hoes I'm a popular dude
Got some hot top like the popular do
Rest in peace B.I.G. but I'm Pac and I'm smooth'Bout to go after two (I'm a hoe after two)
And look, I still get chose like I'm rockin' a suit (first one)
I don't know if I prefer like a blonde or brunette (hmm)
You get held up pickin' locks, robbery moves
I be scoffing at you like a prosperous jew
Hold up, Brain 'bout to spaz (ayy)
What the fuck you want Brain do?
Come through and the club's all crowded (fuck, fuck!)
Fuck you want Brain do when he can't even move when he in the club (fuck!)
Brain gotta make moves (fuck up out the way homie)
Brain got great moves (where you seen me dance dog?)
The Brain fuck with field hockey (what a sport)
The Brain knew Bin Laden
How you wanna do it, how you stoppin' the kid?
Just get it off your chest, rockin' a bit, chomp at the bit
I got to get another property, monopoly shit
And y'all sketchy motherfuckers like a comedy bit (woo)
I just met with Netflix on some comedy shit (ooh)
Then I went to Costa Rica on a tropical trip (ooh)
Parents worry 'bout the price, started talking and shit
But it's a nominal hit (peanuts), make it back in a jiff
Because

[Chorus: Brain]
Brain just been whippin' it up
Brain just been whippin' it up
Brain just been whippin' and whippin' and whippin' and
Brain just been whippin' it up
Brain just been whippin' it up
Brain just been whippin' it up
The Brain thought of that one
The Brain whipped it up, Brain whipped it up

[Verse 2: Lil Dicky & Brain]
These rappers like Barry Melrose
We don't dislike you, we just don't really care
The Brain came through with a bottle of the Nair
Made my bitch rub it all over her pussy
My bitch likes Bun B
That's some new shit to me
Bitches that I used to be fuckin' with would only fuck with Houston's for grub and they frumpy
(Brain) The Brain heard about tidal wave in Seattle
They say it's imminent still no-one moved
The Brain just don't know why they don't think it matter
Humans can't breathe underwater, what gives?
Y'all wanna know why I stopped eatin' pussy? (Tell 'em)
'Cause I looked up the facts
If 85% of us have oral herpes who am I to say that I don't? (True)
And if I get oral herpes on the pussy and we fuck
Then I'm fucked (Fuck)
Fuck you want Brain do?
He know all the facts, what the fuck you want Brain do?
Middle of the pack, all you rappers is gum
Going in with the trash, I be chewin' 'em up
Brain fucked a thoroughbred down in Preakness
Like a horse, I ain't talkin' 'bout a bitch with a ass
Brain hear it all the time, he a genius
Hey, you a savvy motherfucker Brain, giving you that
I'm the type of motherfucker on a call with a CMO
Bitches tryna catch a glimpse, bitches at Sia shows
Girls look at me and think "How does he fuck?"
Bet they heard through the grapevine
In daytime, I take dimes like a paid line, and make time
It's they prime, hittin' on the jew like it's a hate crime
Speaking of that, they won't even book me in Dubai (Why?)
Apparently for jews it can be hostile
So my new goal is to buy like, Dubai like
All of it
I don't know, I just wanna go there

[Chorus: Brain]
Brain just been whippin' it up
Brain just been whippin' it up
Brain just been whippin' it up
Brain just been whippin' it up
Brain just been whippin', (gibberish)
Oooh Brain is overwhelmed, he's fuckin' up, ohh Brain

[Outro: Brain]
Brain just been whippin' it up
Brain just been whippin' it up
Brain just been whippin' and whippin' and whippin' and
Brain just been whippin' it up
Feel like we goin' crazy
Feel like we goin' crazy
Real life we goin' crazy
Suck me, fuck me, drive me crazy