[Intro]
My own boss
Work

[Verse 1]
Last year I was taking them notes, ayy (Notes)
Conference room every day is the woes
Last year at work
I was irked, I was irked
Tryna figure out them ad buys
This year at work
I been drinking with some black guys
Hey I done came up (Sho' nuff)
Like, last year at work
I'm like oh, that's my boss, she a bitch
She know this
She lookin' at me every day like "Dave, where you going?"
I'm looking back like, "Hoe" (I hate your demeanor)
"To print some shit" but you don't even know
Now look what happened, now who rapping?

[Pre-Hook 1]
Now at work I ask to look at bitches' titties then this happens (Work)
Titties looking back at me like "Dicky, boy, what's cracking?"
I look back at titties like "I need a sec, I'm rappin'"
Titties looking back at me like, "take your time, you snappin'"
I'm like, "woo, I'm getting paid for that?"

[Hook]
I'm getting paid for that?
Nah, I'm getting paid for that?
I'm getting paid for that?
Nah, I'm getting paid for that?
(All of these hoes been on me
I'll never go back homie)

[Verse 2]
Homie last week I was up in Miami (Great weather)
Got paid to chill in the club
Literally, chilling, like not even rapping
I think I did a good job
Sat there on Twitter, my new correspondence
Is going through all of these wonderful compliments
Used to be scrutinizing  all these documents
Now when I sign off on something, it's body parts
Titty, booty, macking a cutie
Got her back in the back of the room of the venue cause she copped that meet and greet
I got them going down in their prime like Aaliyah be
Used to post up, on time, no brakes
Now the Burd post up on the vine, no grapes
Used to have to swallow all the pride
Had to piss out the slacks of the sack in the sweats every day
Used to buy brands, now the brands pay Dave

[Pre-Hook 2]
Like, I just got a box of Pumas, cause they think I'm cool
Watch me mention StarKist Tuna, watch my fridge get full
I used to sit and wait for Friday
But now my whole week like a Friday

[Hook]
I'm getting paid for that?
Nah, I'm getting paid for that?
I'm getting paid for that?
Nah, I'm getting paid for that?
(All of these hoes been on me
I'll never go back homie)

[Verse 3]
Last year I'm stuck up doing shit up in a cubicle
They tell me what to do, I'm thinking "fuck that shit"
But y'all, I couldn't tell them what the fuck I'm thinking
Now they're paying just to listen to this shit, I got up on my lid
Got three or four bitches who 'bout to get the fourth down
That's a first, I remember when what lunch I picked was all I get
My bitch make that coffee, now only boss me around when we fuck (Ayy)
Was missing college but now they bringing me back, it's still fun (Yeah)
God damn Dicky, you too old to be fucking all these kids
Yeah, I know, but if you can rap, it's a lot less creepy though

[Pre-Hook 3]
I'm smoking weed in public, but it never seem to matter
Dump a bottle of water on your clothes and you ecstatic
I don't ever have to set alarms, I wake up supernatural (Work, work, work)
I can grab a bitch's hand and she will scream "you so attractive"
How did this happen?

[Hook]
I'm getting paid for that?
Nah, I'm getting paid for that?
I'm getting paid for that?
Nah, I'm getting paid for that?
(All of these hoes been on me
I'll never go back homie)

[Outro]
I used to be up in Excel every day with a bitch (Very proficient)
Now I just suck on my dick, suck on my own dick, man
I suck on my own dick,  every rapper do it
Just a thing, an inside thing I learned
It's absurd, it's like, I'm in the industry now, so, I'm seeing shit
Every rapper suck they own dick, it's not just me
Swear to God on the Bible
I don't believe in the bible though, so I made the whole thing up
Did you believe for a minute that the whole rap game suck their own dick?
I hope not. That would be... an exaggeration
I don't think anybody else sucks their own dick
I also don't suck mine, it was a clear joke
Like i don't think people need to be homophobic about that
Nor is there anything wrong with gay people
I don't know like what I can or cannot say at this point
Like what can I say? Here's what I can say
Is that on the note of swearing on bible
It's crazy to me that like our whole country is run off like principles of religion
I probably shouldn't say that either but it's like crazy
Like a president couldn't be elected unless he was like an outgoing Christian
This seems like such a... You know like in 200 years no one's gonna be thinking that way
It's just gonna become an antiquated line of thinking
Kind of like how you look back at slavery now
Definitely can't say that, delete that last part
But it's the same you know what I mean like people
Ah, whatever