[Intro]
L.D
A.K.A. The Long Winded Answer
(The number one on the charts!)

[Verse 1: Lil Dicky]
Two truths and a lie: I've tried beans, I like wings, I'll die king
Two truths and a lie: I'm not gay, I've tried yay, it's my day
Two truths and a lie: I might go write a TV show and chill
I might be up for a nine figure deal
I used to wonder if Santa was real
Would you believe that? Would you believe that shit?
What would you believe?
We could start with the rap, flowing like malls like 'oh there's a Gap'
Go on my call logs, dogs wanna chat
Big dogs, missed calls
Lot of motherfuckers in the league no L
Just had brunch with Embiid and Noel
Just got sucked and was fucked by a dumb slut
Usually I like 'em Ivy League, oh well
Summer camp I been going ham I was a young man with that chopper
That’s rifelry, yeah I like movies, I’m going H.A.M. for that Oscar
I'm way far on they radar like they know I'm coming that's Doppler
They boring to me that's Opera, I'm scoring beauties that's soccer
Me and Jonah Hill smoke, then we talking shit bout how the rest of y'all blow
Then we take a dip up in his pool, pretty cool
Not the pool, shit is hot
Just a view from a spot, shit is hot
Bunch of blonde bitches laughing all night
And me and Busta Rhymes meet in Venice for a bite
Talking shit about a comedy singer, shit is so light he tell me
I can't disagree, get it right he tell me, I mean
I thought by now he can see that I'm witty
Down in L.A. I been running the city
Ask anybody in music or film who got next in this bitch and they all saying Dicky
I just do it like it's nothing to it
Life getting pretty sweet like I fondue it
I'm killing bitches in my lane on some T. Stewart
And I've been sworn [?] yeah the time blew it
Funner than summer, I hooked up with Summer
Homies are callin' cause I got her number
I'm so unencumbered I'm 'bout to do numbers
Muhammad Ali told me rumble di rumble
That man is so nice
Let that man listen like damn that boy nice
Kanye just listened like "Hol' up, he white?"
I'm taking over the game let me just fund my shit for a minute damn

[Hook]
Would you believe that? Would you believe that shit?
Would you believe that? Would you believe that shit?
Would you believe that? Would you believe that shit?
Would you believe that? What would you believe?

[Verse 2: Michael Christmas]
We at the motel, hotel, Holiday Inn
Why don't you come through and bring some of your friends?
We in the [?] sipping some Henny
It's just the Snoop Dogg Ginny
No more dapping? Oh what happened?
Oh he snapping, oh I know
I heard all about them features what you think he paid for those?
I hate rapping cause what happened is you niggas turn like hoes
They chase me like Barry Sanders they not pass like Morino, aye
Happy Gilmore, Mr. Deeds, Big Daddy, silver screen
I'm a Jewish G
Hold hoes of the hostesses that [?] at shows
I leave the backstage like the roasting I'm like Charlie Sheen
Show me my opponent
Show me my opponent
Middle class America (America!)
Imma joint for my enjoyment
I need X amount of dollars, uber X amount of dollars
I need Hendrix on my dollars
Three Six Mafia bought my collar
Play Mancala with the guala
Drop some more inside my pocket first
Causing [?] payment they get drove in a Versace hearse

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Rockie Fresh & Lil Dicky]
Man live what you want, I come through the [?] and do what you don't
Every moment, I kill all opponents
My team is some winners, never beginners
I eat 'em for dinner (mmm y'all good!)
Cold like December (that's pretty cold!)
I come through the trap (I'll sit that one out)
Niggas know it's a wrap (it's done, like, why y'all here?)
Bitches gon' clap I come through and my niggas gon' slap
I'm known on the map (all over the place)
From London to Chi Town (where else?)
You know how we ride 'round (what else?)
Yeah
Your bitch she get tied down (she could)
Me and [?] in L.A. (me too)
And we smoking that Laker (that's weed)
You mad you a hater (fuck you)
I'm chasing that paper (yes)
I got [?] (ha ha)
Your bitch from nowhere (small town bitch)
But she think she a star (she ain't shit)
Yes we know who you are (I see you faggot)
You a nobody ([?])
And you know probably (get self-aware)
How I come shawty ([?])
I'm the big dog, [?], I been through it I got a movement (same here)
Running through like a truant (fuck school)
It's obvious (extremely clear)
Niggas can't rap with us (never)
This paper be coming quick (so fast)
You know that I'm running shit (yes)
I wish you would (I wish you would say something!)
I'm a lumberjack, how you front on that? (how?)
Rockie, I stunt on that
Come through, make a hundred racks
Iced out Rollie, take a pass it to my homie

[Outro]
We pass Rollies around here man
Fuck passing joints
We passing Rolexes 'round this bitch
Fuck a blunt
Would you believe that?
Would you believe that shit?