[Intro: Lil Yachty & Ugly God]
(30, you a fool for this one)
Run it up, mhm
I finally realized why you niggas hatin'
Niggas ain't gettin' no money, man
'Cause when you ain't gettin' no money, you know what I'm sayin', like
You know what I'm sayin', stressed out, you know what I'm sayin'
You stressed out when you get no money
We stressless over here, niggas is stress free
Yup, aye, yup, aye, yup, aye
Yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh
Yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, aye, yuh, yuh yuh
Yuh, yuh, yuh, damn, yuh, okay, yuh
Yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh
God, Boat, God, Boat

[Chorus: Lil Yachty]
And that lil' car go fast (fast) and that lil' car go zoom (zoom)
That lil' bitch got a fat ass (ass), took that lil' bitch to the room (whoo)
My niggas walked in with sticks (sticks), my niggas walked in with brooms (brooms)
Try to take one of my chains (yeah), all you gon' hear is a boom (boom)
Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! (damn)
Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! (grr)
Don't give a fuck 'bout your clique, uh
Y'all can get hit with the boom (boom)
Don't give a fuck 'bout the bitch, uh
Give her the dick, then I zoom (skrr)

[Verse 1: Ugly God]
I'm like "Whoops", huh, I might peel off in a coupe, huh
Nigga better not take my chain, huh, blow that bitch up like a nuke, huh
I do this shit for my mama, my mama told me don't forget 'bout my roots (huh)
I just been countin' my commas, talk down I'ma stomp that boy out in my boots (huh)
Hop in the whip and go vroom, nigga talk down, I go boom
I won't even break a sweat, I'ma just call up my goons
Get yo' ass gone for the low, my shooters gon' ride to the moon
Then I'ma fuck on ya ho, take that bitch back to the room
Aye, I'ma shoot shots if you talk down on my name
I don't miss shots, but my choppa got aim
Old money, but it don't walk with a cane
VVS diamonds, just talk to my chain
Yeah I beat her back out, it get knocked out the frame
Fuck my old whip, had to cop me a Range
She don't fuck with me right now, but as soon as I drop
Guarantee she gon' fly for the fame

[Chorus: Lil Yachty]
And that lil' car go fast (fast) and that lil' car go zoom (zoom)
That lil' bitch got a fat ass (ass), took that lil' bitch to the room (whoo)
My niggas walked in with sticks (sticks), my niggas walked in with brooms (brooms)
Try to take one of my chains (yeah), all you gon' hear is a boom (boom)
Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! (damn)
Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! (grr)
Don't give a fuck 'bout your clique, uh, y'all can get hit with the boom (boom)
Don't give a fuck 'bout the bitch, uh, give her the dick, then I zoom (skrr)

[Verse 2: Lil Yachty]
Drop and roll (ooh, ooh), death row (ooh)
I bought 6 cars before 20, uh
Gave her that dick, now she love me (ooh)
Gave her that dick, now she love me
Lean in the glass, like it's bubbly, huh
These niggas hate that I'm rich, huh
These niggas hate on my bitch, yeah (fuck it)
Fuck with that fuck up (damn)
Fuck, then I dip, 'cause she stuck up (ooh)
Crowd hands up like a stick-up (yeah)
Hit the flick of the wrist, huh
Bank on Lemony Snicket, huh (ooh)
Ice on my neck, cost a ticket, huh (ooh)
Your career rocky like ridges, huh (ooh)
Test me, you gon' need some stitches
That goes for any of you bitches (lil boat)
Chopsticks (ooh), nigga, get beat up in the moshpits (yeah)
Leave a nigga lumpy, like cheese grits (yeah)
Dick 'bout as long as four fish sticks (ooh)
Middle finger to a cop, racist pig that can suck on my cock
Big rocks all inside of my watch, that's not a Rolex, my nigga, that's Swatch

[Chorus: Lil Yachty]
And that lil' car go fast (yeah) and that lil' car go zoom (zoom)
That lil' bitch got a fat ass (ass), took that lil' bitch to the room (whoo)
My niggas walked in with sticks (sticks), my niggas walked in with brooms (brooms)
Try to take one of my chains (yeah), all you gon' hear is a boom (boom)
Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! (skr, skr)
Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! (skr, skr)
Don't give a fuck 'bout your clique, uh, y'all can get hit with the boom (boom)
Don't give a fuck 'bout the bitch, uh, give her the dick, then I zoom (skrr)

[Outro: Ugly God]
Skrr, skrr, skrr
Skrr, skrr