[Intro/Chorus - Rahmeen]

Whippin' round my city. I just need myself some space
People jealous; throwin' shade. But friendly to my face

I can't stand it when--
I can't-I can't stand it when--
No, no
I can't stand it when--
I can't-I can't stand it when...

[Verse 1 - Ugly God]

Niggas be actin' like they really trappin'
I ball like I'm Maverick
My grandma be trappin'
I got bitches from Miami to Dallas
That nigga talked down and got fixed like a pallet
Ugly God; AKA: Booty Fanatic
Every lil' track that I drop is a classic
All this hate shit got me charged like a tablet
My wrist, it be whippin' more bricks than the palace

I'll take yo bitch on a date
I'll fuck yo bitch in her face
They slept on me. Now they awake
I'm in the field like a rake
My diamonds, they drip like a lake
I sit back and thumb through this cake
Sleep on me that's your mistake
Bitch, I make hits like I'm Drake

[Verse 2 - Rahmeen]

Like I'm Drizzy. I run through my city
City named Houston. Like last name of Whitney
Rockin' this fresh fig got me feelin' minty
Stay out of trouble 'cause my face too pretty
Yeh! Yeah!

Just met this shawty
She said that I'm fine and she wan' have my baby
I said, "Girl, you crazy."
Watchin' me surf
Now you wanna join 'cause you see that I'm wavy
No, no, no...

[Chorus - Rahmeen]

Whippin' round my city. I just need myself some space
People jealous; throwin' shade. But friendly to my face
That's okay. That's okay. I know what that mean
They know I'm ballin' on these bitches. Just me and my team

And all my family do not play
All my family do not play
We been here to fuckin' stay
Ohh!

[Verse 3 - Raheem]

Ballin' on this bitches like I never had shit
I look inside my palm and see an atlas
And lately I've been really on some Mr. Krabs shit
I got the bands. And I keep some underneath my mattress

Learned a lot about myself in the past few months
Forgot a lot about myself with the last few blunts

Then I'm comin' at them all the way
'Cause every time I do them favors--
They just try to cross me over like they Hardaway
Had to learn this shit the harder way

Don't doubt me. Just trust me. I'm serious
I don't wanna hear your thoughts on me
If I told you I wasn't curious (Noooo!)

[Chorus - Rahmeen]

Whippin' round my city, I just need myself some space
People jealous; throwin' shade. But friendly to my face
That's okay. That's okay. I know what that mean
They know I'm ballin' on these bitches. Just me and my team

And all my family do not play
All my family do not play
We been here to fuckin' stay
Ohh!