[Intro]
Yeah
Attention
Haha
BP the real bitches in the room
Respect

[Verse 1]
Woke up with a new demeanor, traded in my old Beamer
Condo next to the arena, VVS's Aquafina (Water)
You don't want the smoke, emphysema
Flexin' on these hoes, John Cena
Espadrille the toes, misdemeanor
Pockets lookin' dumb, call it Gina
Grandma said the grass ain't greener
Fuck the word love, Ike and Tina
Burn the prenup, take him to the cleaners
See what happened to Brad and Angelina
Ayy, where you from? (Where you from, nigga?)
Where would you claim?
Throw up your gang
Huffin apartments, Miami Gardens
No, we not the same
Say you doin' numbers, where the stash?
Say you streamin' records, where the plaques?
Say you movin' sacks, where the packs?
Hardest bitch to snap, that's a fact
Eleventh grade, skippin' school to Saks
In the trap, bumpin' Marvin Sapp
Hundred bands inside the Apple Jacks
So what the fuck you plan to do with that? (What you gon' do with that?)

[Chorus]
I think I'm better without you (Shit, I know that)
Textin' back, "What that mouth do?" (What this nigga want?)
He talkin' love, drugs, etcetera
But nigga we through, do what you do (Attention)
Crush up a Xan, crush up a Xan, crush up a Xanny
Crush up a Xan, crush up a Xan, crush up a Xanny
I don't do love, I don't do love, a day with the glove
Crush up a Xan, crush up a Xan, crush up a Xan

[Verse 2]
Hardest bitch in rap, that's a fact (Bri)
Checkin' pussy hoes, that's a pact
Say you fuckin' Bri, that's cap
Knock the logo clean off your cap
Wish a nigga would in this bitch
Paid my dues, time to get rich
Hang C and mindin' my business
Hoes got me signin' they titties
I'm the Shawn Carter of my city
Never seen a gangster this pretty
What they wouldn't do for this kitty
Made 'em walk on the moon for this kitty
They wanna know where I been at
Bitch, you so nosy, get out of my business
'Bout to call me up an Uber to Lenox
Nigga, don't show it if you ain't gon' spend it
Just got a warrant 'bout a ticket
Louis V make it and I'm in it
Yellow weave lookin' like lemon
Breakin' down the bands, John Lennon
Daddy bought my Pampers sellin' crack
90 babies, brought up in the trap
Slappin' bitches up, Warren Sapp
Now what the fuck you plan to do with that? (Yeah)

[Chorus]
I think I'm better without you (Shit, I know that)
Textin' back, "What that mouth do?" (What this nigga want?)
He talkin' love, drugs, etcetera
But nigga we through, do what you do (Attention)
Crush up a Xan, crush up a Xan, crush up a Xanny
Crush up a Xan, crush up a Xan, crush up a Xanny
I don't do love, I don't do love, a day with the glove
Crush up a Xan, crush up a Xan, crush up a Xan

[Outro]
It's Brianna
Shit is different now
I mean, look