[Intro]
U.N.I.T.Y. (Yeah)
U.N.I.T.Y. (This for Unity)
U.N.I.T.Y. (Aye turn that shit up Irv)
U.N.I.T.Y. (Yeah)

[Verse 1: Siya]
Who you callin' a bitch?!
Muthafucka watch ya mouth when you approach me
I'm from Brooklynn so you know I send 'em shots like Ginobili
I don't play around ain't no pussy in mi sangre
I use to play the lobby man I put that on mi madre
Look how much a nigga came up from flippin' the birds
I'm in the spot that I earned now I can tell you concerned
I'm doin' records with Irv, I got your chick on the curb
Waitin' for Ubers just to scoop her, drop her off in burbs to mi Casa
Young fly nigga doin' good
I can teach you little niggas how to make it out the hood
I'm OG; Now give me the beat and watch you end up deceased
They say I'm way too lyrical
I say you niggas is sleep! Imma beast!
Throw me in water and watch me swim with the sharks
I'm the only one bitin' all you niggas is bark with no heart
This for my city give it up for Biggie (U.N.I.T.Y)
And you know I brought my bitches with me (U.N.I.T.Y)
So What's Up?!

[Verse 2: Nyemiah Supreme]
There can be more than one I've been said that
He say, She say, I dead that
I put all the beefs aside like whatever
I've always been about women comin' together
I had a dream a bad bitch was on the stage we was fuckin' up the game
Lookin' like a money team, lookin' like an all-star, all tens on my roster
See a bad bitch doin' good why knock her?
Take a hater, hug a hater, love a hater
They hate you now but haters always gonna love you later
This is Supreme ain't anotha chick as cool as me
The Sisterhood we gotta represent the...

[Hook: Nyemiah Supreme]
U.N.I.T.Y (Yeah)
U.N.I.T.Y (B.P.)
U.N.I.T.Y (Dade County)
U.N.I.T.Y

[Verse 3: Brianna Perry]
Beautiful Intelligent Tough Chick in Heels (B.I.T.C.H)
If I'm a bitch, I'm the bitch payin' the bills (yeah)
Can't trust a nigga who lie he probably steal
And if that nigga will steal he probably kill (Poe Boy!)
For my women who smell like Chanel
Keep fresh hair and nails
Get checks in the mail Vamonos!
In Miami gettin' tan on the coast
Every brotha wanna close her
You can Google what I gross
In this game know it's levels and I'm high skilled
Built real, listen, no Aretha but I gets the Franklin
So boy you have to respect me more fire nigga!
I'm fox boogie meets Kimberly Jones
I'm not Oprah but I'm on my own
I go for the win, I be in the zone (U.N.I.T.Y)
Unity is power and we passin' it on Brianna! (U.N.I.T.Y)

[Verse 4: Diamond]
This Georgia peach started from the bottom
Now I'm at the tip top for my sisters out in Hip-Hop
I'm in the clutch like Jordan game 6 shot
I give props where I get props
Stileto heels and flip flops
I know my girls got me
They say this girl cocky cause my icy pearl watch be
Havin' these girls watch me
U.N.I.T.Y if you a hater you will not see die now
Ain't just ryhmin' I don't do it for the glitz
If you throw me lemons make canary diamonds out them shits
A big booty Ten-er
A red bone with a switch
Cute as fuck, thick as shit
Nigga who you callin' a bitch?!
Pardon my swag disrespect I don't do well
For years I delivered like I carried mail
No worries I'm gettin' this cake
I'm only nervous when my period late
Can I get an Amen?!

[Hook: Nyemiah Supreme]
U.N.I.T.Y
U.N.I.T.Y
U.N.I.T.Y (U.N.I.T.Y)
U.N.I.T.Y (U.N.I.T.Y)

[Verse 5: Bia]
Boom bye bye all that catty shit is dead
Bia don't give no fuck about what anotha woman said
Givin' in one girl good for the win
Enemy or friend keep it real put the fake to an end
Now let me tell you 'bout the flawness in the business
The overall difference 'tween the women and the bitches
You see the difference 'tween the bitches and the sisters
The sister never scared to see anotha sister winnin'
Aside from that I still don't have no competition
Heard a couple sneak disses but I never get the mention
It's a hunna haitian henchmen like they rende with the ninas out
In case you think 'bout askin' what the fuck this Boston bean about
Pussy Nigga! (U.N.I.T.Y)

[Hook: Nyemiah Supreme]
U.N.I.T.Y
U.N.I.T.Y (U.N.I.T.Y)
U.N.I.T.Y (U.N.I.T.Y)