[Intro]
Yeah, nigga, everything, HoodEnvironment.com
Yeah, this is part 15, nigga
Huh? Look

[Verse]
See these fake niggas what I love about them?
These fake niggas think I give a fuck about them
They turned me off, can't turn turn the streets off
Now they all sitting ducks until I knock the ??? off

They say I was gone, I only took a week off
Came back and niggas wearing dresses, I see y'all
Imagine 2Pac voice, the fuck is y'all doing?
Now Imagine Biggie Smalls voice, the rap game ruined, uh

Drag-On is a mysterious creature
That's why we never really met, but the pleasure to meet'cha
Yeah, I'm back up in that shit nigga
I fucked your bitch after you got back with her

Now tell me, who the fuck fucking with Drag, nigga?
We can go bar for bar, that's your ass, nigga
Pause, and I just said that because
Some of you rappers go both ways, for sure

I got a fucking boat on the wait, ???
I get your fucking ??? sprayed of a call
Niggas acting like they ball, but they bums
No pussy getting bitches, I call them nuns

Break niggas jaw, just for yapping off their gums
To the point they can't eat a piece of chewing gum
My niggas moving weight, moving guns
Name a rapper today, that's who I ate - for lunch

Hand me this click nigga
Spray the Uzi till I say "hand me that shit, nigga!"
Run up on them, hit them and then hit this bitch nigga
And the only reason I can't stand a bitch nigga

Came back, I'm trying to get rich nigga
They cut the fire out but I got it back lit, nigga
Hood Environment is controlling this shit, nigga
One of the best in the Bronx and I'm holding this shit, nigga!

My gun play cards? It's Pitty Pat, ra-ta-tat-tat!
Shuffle bodies up now, deal with that
My banana ain't yellow, it's black and I peel it black
Mostly niggas is pussy, be glad I'm not revealing that!

Now is you feeling that?
My body numb, I can't get the feeling back
They hated on me, talked about me
Do dirt on my name but yeah! I'm still Drag

[Outro]
Yeah! H.E., Hood Environment, nigga!
Yeah, nigga, look!
Part 16 coming! New single coming!
New music, everything, HoodEnvironment.com!
Log on, nigga!