[Chorus]
What these niggas do for fame now?
I guess that shit okay now
Oh now you got a name now
But look, hey your momma proud of you
Snuck up in the VIP, your momma proud of you
You jump up in the video, your momma proud of you
I guess that shit okay now
But look, hey your momma proud of you

[Verse]
I just bought these new Giuseppe's on them
And these groupie niggas in the VIP stepping on them
This fool's spilled his drink on me, one more time!
He gon' find out why I call my knife "Pok-e-mon"
I ordered some bottles, they made their glass first
Nigga if I don't know you gotta ask first
My niggas think second, they react first
Cause groupies is no longer women, niggas act the worst
Soon as we stepped up in the club
A nigga knocked this girl down to show me love
Cool, good looking, now go pick her up
Now you got ??her looking?? wanna get with us
I came with ten niggas I should only see ten niggas
Why am I seeing twenty, who let these niggas in, nigga!?
Asking for my number like he trying to do b'ness
Damn you asked for my number quicker than these bitches!
Like, go sit down somewhere, dog
And then call us somewhere, let that hennesey wear off
Them bitches wanna go in our section? That's their loss
We sipping rose, them niggas sipping ??? off
And know, I don't know none of the niggas
Get them out of here, every last of them niggas
Don't get it twisted, I'm all for the love
But when that love get to pushy, it comes to a shove
And when that shove get to grizzly, it comes to a slug
And when them slugs get to popping, it fucks up the club
But I'm just trying to keep it peaceful, have a drink and laugh
And really pick up that ?? half of that bag
This' Drag, but I don't wear dress
My niggas do the shooting, we don't even wear vests
So you can play Superman, like you wear an S
Until I call them Crips tonight, get it, Cryptonite?
I'm lit tonight, I'm on my shit tonight
Still playing low key, I'm with your chick tonight
And who this clown nigga yelling at my name?
I'm trying take a selfie, dude end up in my frame
This is shame what they do for fame
How about you do you, and I do the same?
Male groupie ass, ol' goofy ass nigga
And no, I don't remember asking do you rap, nigga

[Chorus]
What these niggas do for fame now?
I guess that shit okay now
Oh now you got a name now
But look, hey your momma proud of you
Snuck up in the VIP, your momma proud of you
You jump up in the video, your momma proud of you
I guess that shit okay now
But look, hey your momma proud of you