Hook: when it comes to my money no no I Don't play that bih you know I don't play, that fuckin with my bag you be missing and you know I don't play that!
(I'm all about them bands in the bag)Bih you know I don't play that (repeat 2xs)

Verse 1:
I'ma different type of chick from a certified certified click, gotta get it gotta get it how I live! Cause I pay my own bills 20 bandz on my feet, you don't understand why that nigga chose me? I'ma real one I keep his JPay I keep his mobile global tel on 1k ..
I be in that bently coupe getting that loot..
Rollie on wrist
Cuz I woke up cuz I woke up like this..
And You ain't gotta ask that!!! Nigga jus pass that..
Hatin ass hoes, step to the back! Yeah dat..bih
Y'all be on that slick shit..
I be on that getting rich shit
While I stack my chips..
While I crack my whips...
Don't get it twisted..
It's survival of the fittest..
My bag not yours..
When it. Comes to my money NO no I don't play that...
Hook: when it comes to my money no no I Don't play that bih you know I don't play, that fuckin with my bag you be missing and you know I don't play that!
(I'm all about them bands in the bag)Bih you know I don't play that..
Verse 2:

I gotta flow so sick
That can't nobody tell me nuthin..
Jus stacking my chips and getting that money
I live for the funk bih..
I'ma rock star..
Everybody wanna ball
Gotta gotta work hard
Fuck a handout..
Nigga gotta cash me out!
Cuz I keep winning..
Them bands in the bag
Don't hate my swag!
I came from the bottom!
I ain't never going back..
I told you I'm the shit bih!
So get it in ya mind real quick..cuz we don't fuck with feelings over here!
Think fast only make boss moves!
My Gucci stay poppin..
I be given them the blues!
And making niggas choose
BIG BANK TAKE LIL BANK
I blessed by the west so you Kno I'm gone 2 step 2 step so turn my shit up nigga turn my shit upppp

Hook: when it comes to my money no no I Don't play that bih you know I don't play, that fuckin with my bag you be missing and you know I don't play that!
(I'm all about them bands in the bag)Bih you know I don't play that

Verse 3 Glasses Malone