[Intro: Project Pat, Gangsta Fred]
Guard in background: (Doors! Nigga watch your head! Doors!)

Project pat: Mane these folks got me down here on some bullSHIT A-GAIN! Mane, i can't believe this shit, mane! Mane look- mane-  Gansta! Gangsta! So what they talkin' 'bout, what they talk- what they talkin' 'bout giving me? what they talkin' 'bout?

Gangsta Fred: Mane I'm finna run with this 90 daaayys!

Project pat: That 90 days? Aww that straight! Thats straight, they gon' cut that shit in half at the penna farm! Man I'm bout to gon' sign for this 90 days! Im finna sign for this shit mane cause this shit over with!
(90 days, out!)
Mane go out here get on swole!
(Sell some of them cigarettes!)
(Mane 90 days mane with them cigarettes mane we gon-)


Verse 1:
It was a hot summers night, I was kickin it with gangsta
Fred out at hide park rollin' chasin' paper
Know we keep tha best of green so you know i'm Smokin'
Lotta niggas out here clean so you know i'm scopin'

I ain't wit that scuffin' shit, or wit being broken
Waitin' for a sucka' to slip, yeah that's what I was hopin'
Spotted me a nigga, candy paint, a hundred spokin'
Sippin' on his liquor, wit that blowface on that cokin'

Bullets they will burn, just like lava that is molten
You victims will learn to resist'll get ya croakin'
Always kept a thang and bandana never knowin'
When i have ta git my mane, pull em out and poke em

All up in ya gril,l ya drops it off, cuz I have spoken
I know that you're sick, but lets not git ya momma mopin'
Snatched him out tha car, hit tha gas, dawg it's hissin'
He done came on down, but out his head a patch was missin'


Chorus (2x):
90 days at tha Penna farm, (That ain't shit!)
3 bags and a firearm, (That ain't shit!)
Bogus tags and a bench warrant, (That ain't shit!)
Police all at my mommas home, (That ain't shit!)


Verse 2:
Left tha car on bricks behind Cypress Garden projects
East Memphis where we make the stang, and that's to far bet
Nigga hit up Fred for some rims, he said "whatcha like?"
Sold em to our nigga Bigga Mayne out at Mitchell Heights

Made tha quicky change then we went and bought a pound-pound
Straight ta gangsta's house with no remorse we broke it down-down
20 dollar bags all in north Memphis servin' em up
Ridin' wit these bogus tags, mane, we ain't givin a fuck

Map core, on Chelsea Ave, seen tha sucka that we got
We done sold a bag to his patna' now he lookin hot
Raisin up a pistol dawg and nigga started blastin
I returned tha favor you know me no questions askin

Donuts in tha lot tha niggas pulled off we got blocked in
I hopped out tha car seen tha police and threw the Glock in-
To the Garbage can, they didn't see me but they caught a nigga, Wit them three bags, Gangsta fred wit his steel trigga


Chorus (2x)