Stop Snitch'n!!!
I done seen black folks tell, tell, tell(x4)
Stop Snitch'n!!!
I done seen black folks tell, tell, tell(x4)
Stop Snitch'n!!!

(VERSE 1 - Project Pat)
Police say they'll let me go
If I gave up on my dawg
Don't try to assert the truth
I don't break no ghetto laws
I don't put pressure mane
On others to ease pain
Or brothers put in chains
Help mothers to go insane
Project Pat'll never rat
Even though I'm lovin' cheese
Picked it up, one more gat
Some broke down to their knees
Told about murders and plots
Talked about cocaine and Glocks
Helped out on kidnappings
Assisted on robbery spots
Me I kept my mouth shut
Ears eyes open wide
I done witnessed lunch money took down to homicides
Project ain't a baby to this game I's a grown mane
Birds fly mainly on a plane even in the rain...

(CHORUS)

(VERSE 2 - Young Jeezy)
Lets get it!
Hold the hell on...
What the fuck is goin' on?
These niggas tattle tailing like that shit ain't wrong
God damn who ever started singing like a song
Nigga you's a bitch, you might as well wear a thong
Got caught with some yams and a scale, scale, scale
Now this snitchin' ass nigga wanna tell, tell, tell
I see (Yeaaaahhh) the hate in your eyes, and it's not a surprise
You can quit actin' nigga I see through your disguise
They hatin' on Jeezy, do you think I give a fuck?
I'm still tryin' to hit the lotto and cop a bigger truck
Sometimes I wonder how I even made it this far
I'm a lucky young nigga I ain't no fuckin' rap star...

(CHORUS)

(VERSE 3 - Project Pat)
You went to jail same charge like my nigga here
He got a 20, but I heard that you got a year?
I never fear just stay up out you nigga's ways
You boys hot, and you got these streets in a blaze
They play it cool, jealousy is lyin' dormant
Feds got a secret weapon called an informant
Logic of a snitch: "You ain't know, but Imma let you in."
"Why would I do 10, when I can go on and turn in my friend?"
Not pokin' fun, Project Pat is only spittin' facts
Nowadays you gotta watch the nigga who watchin' ya back
Mane, these niggas heart colder then a dead body
They'll set they own momma up, you ain't NOBODY!!!

(CHORUS)
(OUTRO - Lyfe Jennings)
Hustlers, we shoulda walked in silence
Niggas were conspirin' to take you down, take you down, why?
Hustlers, pay attention to your environment
Niggas are conspirin' to take yo crown, take your crown, why?