[Intro: Jim Jones]
Y'all all invited
Welcome to the game as we know it (Dipset)
Where being lit is life (grab a seat)
It's the only race that never stops (that's a fact)
See I'm from Uptown (uhh), like a fresh pair of Nikes
(Let's put this all in perspective)
Say that then, let me talk to 'em
{Heatmakerz, crack music}
Uhh (Jones!)

[Verse 1: Jim Jones]
You talking to a nigga that only sold dust and powder (we got it)
Fuck a bitch, use her for her crib just to shower (dirty)
Was just in Diddy crib, and I partied with Puff for hours (Puff, what up?)
'Til the light came up, who said this life ain't us (facts)
Still pull to the block in a drop, tear a dice game up (save that)
Still shed a tear when I bring Light name up (Light, I miss you)
'Cause I been poverty stricken, through the pain my heart took a whipping (uh huh)
Buy Rollies and wind 'em up and they still don't start ticking (tick, tick, tick...)
I'm the bomb like something under the car ticking (BOOM!)
Jeans out of Neimans (facts), coats out of Saks (fly nigga)
Hood nigga, still can turn coke into crack (whip game)
If beef is the smoke, I want the smoke and all that (ARRGGHH!!!)
If you haven't heard me speak then I spoken all facts (facts)
Told a bitch just chill, I'll call back (chill baby)
Wish God had a line in heaven to call Stack (Stacks!)
Black 9/11, Off Whites matching the ball cap, like (uhh...)

[Chorus: Jim Jones & Jadakiss]
We Uptown (Harlem!)
We got the foreigns on 7th going up and down (skrrt skrrt)
We spent 20 on bottles at Up and Down (East)
We cop watches from jewelers to bust 'em down, like
Yeah, we Uptown (we Uptown...)
'Bout to hop on the jet, we touching down (skrrrrt...)
Shit that was far fetched, there's nothing now (HA-HAAAEEH!)
We just opened the pound we puffing now, like

[Verse 2: Jadakiss]
You talking to a nigga that only sold dust and powder
K had the dippers (uh huh), Gus had the sour (yeah)
Rule number one: never fuck with the cowards (never)
Nothing is mines, everything is ours
High ceilings (yeah), art deco (mmm)
There's mad furniture, but you can still here the echo (heat that)
Young wild nigga, can't wait to let the TEC go
Come up off the chain 'cause he ain't gon' let ya neck go (haha)
No gimmicks, straight image (yeah)
I'm a product of the heroin epidemic (mmm)
Some niggas got rich, others got apprehended (salute)
Some were street smart, others had academics (okay)
Big engines (yeah), major tranmissions (mmm)
Key to the tunnel was a major transition (haha)
Yeah, we was on a damn mission
150 bundles in the morning, man listen, what?

[Chorus: Jim Jones & Jadakiss]
We Uptown
We got the foreigns on 7th going up and down
We spent 20 on bottles at Up and Down
We cop watches from jewelers to bust 'em down, like
Yeah, we Uptown
'Bout to hop on the jet, we touching down
Shit that was far fetched, there's nothing now
We just opened the pound we puffing now, like