[Chorus: Meechy Darko]
Any motherfucker with a gun ain't a mobster (Facts!)
Every chick with an ass ain't poppin' (More facts!)
Every beat with a 808 ain't knockin' (Facts!)
Bring it back, please rewind this
Every rapper with a platinum plaque ain't a problem (Facts!)
Every nigga flippin' packs ain't a hustler (More facts!)
Everybody bought 'cause profit ain't always progress (Facts!)
Bring it back, please rewind this

[Verse 1: Meechy Darko]
I'm a walkin', talkin' silhouette, the darkest rhymer
Since DMX dropped that album with blood all over his body
Haters talk shit, but I don't hear or mind 'em
Cause all that foul play gon' lead to check when I find 'em
Girls be like, "Choke me, daddy I'm a freak"
Next week she pop up with all type of hospital fees
You know me, shootin' 'til I get a trophy
Been smokin' this potent, I coughed up an organ
And you wasted your pussy if you ain't let us all in
Fuck your contract, bitch I'm breakin' all the clauses
Acid god, man I got everybody on it
Every verse a horror scene, Raptrick Bateman Vorhees
Remember me? Boosie on the side, Tunechi on top
Gold fangs, now everybody look like me, ha
What you geekin'? Fuck you tweakin'? I ain't ever lost bitch
Only time you kill shit when you pay for abortions

[Chorus: Meechy Darko]
Any motherfucker with a gun ain't a mobster (Facts!)
Every chick with an ass ain't poppin' (More facts!)
Every beat with a 808 ain't knockin' (Facts!)
Bring it back, please, rewind this
Every rapper with a platinum plaque ain't a problem (Facts!)
Every nigga flippin' packs ain't a hustler (More facts!)
Everybody bought cause profit ain't always progress (Facts!)
Bring it back, please, rewind this

[Verse 2: Jadakiss]
You appear to be more than you are
How you expect me to think your jewelry is real? It costs more than your car
All this Rollie shit is all a facade
You the ace in your hood, you on the red carpet fallin' apart
Damn, I ain't never heard of it
How you receivin' rewards for a song where you ain't write a single word of it? (How?)
And, the tempo don't matter, I'ma murder it (Nah)
Any obstacle I'ma hurdle it (Yeah, yeah)
Just sound effects and mumblin' (Skrrt)
To obtain success is to be humblin' (Yes)
And if you don't understand, that means you one of them (Mm)
Until they get it, I'ma continue to punish them
Hope you heard us, don't compare us (Nah)
To the large percentage of smoke and mirrors (Everybody)
Ahh, I'ma leave it like that
Cause everything I said in the verse was all facts

[Chorus: Meechy Darko]
Any motherfucker with a gun ain't a mobster (Facts!)
Every chick with an ass ain't poppin' (More facts!)
Every beat with a 808 ain't knockin' (Facts!)
Bring it back, please rewind this
Every rapper with a platinum plaque ain't a problem (Facts!)
Every nigga flippin' packs ain't a hustler (More facts!)
Everybody bought 'cause profit ain't always progress (Facts!)
Bring it back, please rewind this

[Verse 3: Meechy Darko]
All these new weird niggas lyin' when they rappin' (Facts!)
When they really just be talkin' bout some shit that never happened
Same niggas rappin’ 'bout same whips, same fashion
And bitches tryna get real love with fake asses (More facts!)
Chase assets, mind and your body gotta equal
The rule over second not to get sidetracked, you figure
I mentioned last chick I had super bad but she burned me (Facts!)
Thank God it wasn't herpes
Lazy bitches screaming "Where the surgeons at?"
Now black girls off white like Virgil’s brand (More facts!)
Then you got these fake gang bang niggas on the 'Gram
Snitchin' on themself via cam
Excuse me, I think Juice laced my weed again
I don't trust nobody, no, not even myself
That's why I keep a condom on my dick before I leave the crib
You can't buy your bitch’s love, boy there’s always bigger shrimp
If she with you cause you fuck, she gon' find some better dick
Bitches party, party, party like the Spring Breaker flick
See your booty on the 'Gram and never pictures with your kids
Why his uniform so dirty and his Timbs is scuffed to shit?
Meanwhile you on vacation and every weekend is lit
Niggas buy jewelry, buy Jordans, buy Beamer, buy Rover, buy Rolex (Facts!)
Buy Gucci, buy Louis, but you can't buy culture (More facts!)
Nigga, not my culture, duck down, we see them vultures