[Verse 1: Styles P]
Pray for me, I pray for you, word
I say a prayer then I hit a roach
Money and respect, gon' get 'em both
No longer a beginner
But I still remain a sinner
Though the end may be gettin close
Love lost can be found again
Return to the essence, hear how the angels sound again
Meanwhile I'm cryin 'ngac
And my head is feelin cracked
But I'm gon' need a cup of ground again
Speakin to the dead like Bruce Willis in The Sixth Sense
3rd eye and energy, inhale and shift wind
I feel pain but I can handle it
Gettin high, watch the flames dance on the candlewick
I'm God's child in the Devil race
Figured time could turn the finish line to a better place
Take this load off my shoulders, make me featherweight
So I can get high, I zone out, go and levitate

[Verse 2: Sheek Louch]
Crazy, said talk to 'em right (Donnie)
Niggas want pain, I got 'em
Geah, I say a prayer then I hit a roach
Shoot first, or should I take my nigga's same approach?
Pay for first or save money and go sit in coach? (nah)
Bail out my friend or pay my son tuition?
Why talk when these niggas don't wan' fuckin listen? (fuck 'em)
You hangin out just to be seen
After it's over your bitch like where the fuck is your green? (stupid)
I ask these niggas to walk in my shoes
I was in London when I got the news
30 days for my momma to pass
I punched the wall, I almost put my arm in a fuckin cast (man)
I tried to hide the pain from my niggas
We got shit to do, I want the same for my niggas (LOX)
Now everybody included though
Think I don't know you sit and talkin like a fuckin hoe
Safety on but a nigga wan' let it go, bitch ass niggas

[Verse 3: Jadakiss]
HA-HAAAEEH!
Real shit, uhh, yeah
I say a prayer then I hit a roach
You half and half with your nigga, why you get the most? (why?)
Trump wildin out on Twitter, how he get the votes? (damn)
When you do the same thing you get the same results, umm
Back blocks where I got my scars from
And perfect is somethin that I am far from (nah)
Good health over fame, over stardom (that's it)
I'm just tryin to hold it down 'til Allah come
Yeah, I just wanna take care of my mother (ma...)
I shed a tear when I call her to tell her I love her (yup!)
Lose somethin close to you, you rarely recover (umm)
You don't share the same pain, but clearly you suffer (clearly)
Smoke it all away with every puff
And the sun gon' shine but the weather is rough (woo!)
Rather rock the cuban bracelet instead of the cuffs
Cause no matter what you do, it's never enough (never)