[Intro: Sheek Louch]
D-Block!! Ayo Glazer!
Ayo ayo U-neek (Where that liquor at son?)
Sometimes you gotta grab one of these break beats real quick
And just body that shit you nah mean?
New York style, ayo 'Kiss, ayo Styles!

[Verse 1: Sheek Louch]
You muh'fuckers know I'm travelin' the globe
And I rock like I'm rhyming in the Rogue
Breakdancing in the strobe (WOO!)
Pop lockin', Glock poppin', black stockin'
Yankee hat low, we in here, club rockin (D-Block!!!)
Smokin' like a chimney (chimney)
Smokin' like I'm in a pool piff for niggas to come get me
Get me?! Thirty on my wrist boy (yeah!)
Crash the whip, two hundred on my next tour (woo!)
Fuck we need to talk about?! (HA!)
It’s no talkin when the muh'fuckin guns is out
Can't rap with your muh'fuckin lung out
I-G ain't the same with your tongue out
Ch'yeah! We murderers, nigga
Mighty mighty D-Block, yeah you heard of us, nigga (no doubt)
My money ain't the same youngin (no)
I could "Throw It In The Bag" like Fab said at Tiffany stores (okay)
I could pull up in a boat on any one of these shores
I still got the money from my last three tours
S-s-s-sell merch make a hundred back
Sold crack, had to run like a running back (Donnie!!!)
I'm sorry your honor
I’m married to the streets so I married 'juana (let's go!)
Blow sum’n or get rich nigga!!!
And stop takin selfies you bitch nigga!!!!

[Verse 2: Jadakiss]
Uh, yeah 'cause that ain't cool
Tryin' to be somethin you ain't, but that ain't you
I pop tags everyday, but the gat ain't new
And you don't have to believe this, but that ain't true
I could make you disappear, I'll vanish you
I'm in the hood on every corner like Spanish food
A lot of these dudes is thirsty, famished too
Yeah, money, nigga, that's what the plan is too
I will rap circles around him and his crew (uh huh)
Put one fifty on it like ten to two
I'm an animal, I belong in the zoo
I'm use to winnin, I do what the winners do
A couple hundred thou' whenever I'm in the mood
Cemetary silence when I'm in the room (SHHH!!!)
I will pay for his casket, and his tomb
I got him hazed up, yak'd up and I'm shroomed
Gets busy with the hawk, nigga, and I boom
Choppers in the crib f'in it in my roon
Bailin' everybody out me and my goons
If they remand me, Walkman, in my looms
'Cause all I need is a little weed in my tombs
You wake up and your life could just end by noon
S-s-s-s-so blow sum'n or get rich nigga!
And stop takin' selfies you bitch nigga!
What, what?!

[Verse 3: Styles P]
No selfies, no usies
Thinkin I'ma calm down niggas is so lucky
Charles Lee Ray these niggas you know Chucky
Homie got life in the cell you know Bucky
Wanna see a killer at work, nigga? than touch me
My gun talked to me, he tellin' me don't tuck me
Might sound crazy, only you better pay me
That kid take a knap, I'll kidnap the baby (word)
I'll take the gun and butt fuck your lady
'Kiss got the weed, I'll bet you it smell hazy
I got the weed, I bet you'll smell sour
Louch get a word, I'll kill you the next hour
See your mom later, I'm givin that bitch flowers
I ain't shit, at least I know it
Got a pound full of weed and at least I blow it
Got the mic plugged in, at least I'm flowin'
I got plants out in Cali at least I'm growin'
Yeah-y-y-yeah but I ain't mature
Said I wanna kill niggas but that ain't for sure
What's a bong a bamboo if it ain't the raw?! (yeah)
Might blow the dutch with 'Kiss
Or me and Sheek Louch might fuck your bitch (D-Block)
Blow sum'n or get rich nigga!
And stop takin' selfies you bitch nigga!

[Outro: Sheek Louch & Jadakiss]
And stop takin' selfies you bitch nigga!!!! (WOO!)
And stop takin' selfies you bitch nigga!!!! (What what what!)
And stop takin' selfies you bitch nigga!!!! (WOO!)