[Chorus: Rich The Kid & Jadakiss]
Ayy, ayy, plug walk (plug walk, plug, plug)
I don't even understand how the fuck my plug talk (huh? what, what?)
Pick him up in a space coupe, I don't let my plug walk (skrrt, pull up in a space coupe)
New freak, had to cut my other lil' bitch off (ooh, ooh, lil' bitch) (ooh, haha, look at my walk)
50K, you could come and book a nigga for a plug walk

[Verse 1: Jadakiss]
Drop the package off, put the racks in the trunk (racks)
You ain't got to ask, yeah, we got what you want (yeah)
I ain't hear nothing (uh-uh)
And I don't know nothing (nah)
And I ain't in the red either, I don't owe nothing (woo)
I been getting money, I ain't with the thug talk (mmm)
Hustler for life, know I'm with the drug talk (know it)
Never on the phone 'cause that's just a bug talk (uh)
And y'all do the money dance, I just do the plug walk (walk)
Hundred of them things right there in front of ya' (ow)
You need to stop hating and get your money up (ah)
Bitches need face lifts, getting tummy tucks (haha)
Shout out to all the Mexicans and Colombians, whoa (you heard)

[Verse 2: Nino Man]
Plug walk
I swear I barely hear my plug talk (shh)
No homie ain't really eating
They just really having grub talk (word?)
They eat a sandwich then they sub talk (ha)
Look, I'm too busy doing club walks
Nino getting bread now (yeah)
I ain't got to ask for head now (nah)
It's a lot of love being spread now
Shawty got her head down (word?)
She was special, but she ed now (ah)
She was living, that shit is dead now (word)
All because this late stardom
We ain't beefing, they create problems
They ain't worry when I was missing and fake starving (facts)
You got to do you and survive
Fuck your sauce, you know the vibe
Sometimes I don't even drive, I just

[Chorus: Rich The Kid]
Plug walk (plug walk, plug, plug)
I don't even understand how the fuck my plug talk (huh? what, what?)
Pick him up in a space coupe, I don't let my plug walk (skrrt, pull up in a space coupe)
New freak, had to cut my other lil' bitch off (ooh, ooh, lil' bitch)
50K, you could come and book a nigga for a plug walk

[Verse 3: Rich The Kid]
Big ol' Bentley, it's a spaceship (woah)
Call me on my phone, I don't say shit (what?)
I make money when I talk (when I talk)
I'm a boss, take a loss (I'm a what?)
I could introduce you to the plug (to the plug)
Bitch, this ain't no Henny in my cup (lil' bitch)
Stayed down, now the racks up (racks up)
She gon' let me fuck, ass up (ass up)
Plug
I stuck kis in the Louis V (Louis V)
Fuck 12, I’m a G, ain't no stoppin' me (ain't no stoppin' me)
And my wrist is on overseas (drip)
Rich nigga, you can't talk to me (rich)

[Chorus: Rich The Kid]
Ayy, plug walk (plug walk, plug, plug)
I don't even understand how the fuck my plug talk (huh? what, what?)
Pick him up in a space coupe, I don't let my plug walk (skrrt, pull up in a space coupe)
New freak, had to cut my other lil' bitch off (ooh, ooh, lil' bitch)
50K, you could come and book a nigga for a plug walk