[Verse 1: Beanie Sigel]
Yea, when I cop it's 4 doors I'm too big for a coup nigga
An when I go to war I don't get shot I just shoot niggas
An I don't trust a nigga as far as I can throw 'em
Even though I'm feeling strong enough I probably can roof niggas
Yea, your boy back in the booth nigga
I'm off the weed but I'm back on my juice nigga
I beat the case so its off with the suits
Back to Fatigues, black tee’s and Timbaland boots nigga
The year is new, I want my spot back take two
Matter fact take the whole click who you know can fly by in the 05-06
When they see that new V the dope boys go crazy
You know I still fuck with State P still fuck wit Dame Dash still fuck wit Jay-Z
Still real steel still recognize real I still feel it in the air
We kill at will here

[Hook: Beanie Sigel]
First Pac got got, Then B.I.G. clock stopped
Now somethin' going on with the Roc
I'm hearin shit about a break up, the shit people make up
I'm like "Damn when will it stop?"
Jay and Dame ain't speakin, Game and 50 Cent beefing and Cease got Lil Kim knocked?
I'm hearin all this in the jail while I'm sittin in my cell
An I'm waitin on some mail from the Prop

[Verse 2: Jadakiss]
Yo you gotta hole in you and you bleeding
So its not like I'm just callin you "Pussy" for no reason
Me? I'm a bastard I hit the blunts till I gotta cough then I pass em
Exhaust on the Ashton, that next choice you make might be your last one
Shit that I needed stuck with me from the classroom
Real talk now, who's the King of New York now?
Boys got safe in the house, I gotta vault now
From my old grams still, with my old fam still
Still gettin wireless head that's with no hands
Listen my grandma in compensation compares to yall's is way beyond exist-ions
D-Block daddy new black Caddy comin through knockin Micheal McDonald and Patty
P's of haze is still going for 8 in the Nati
Rather have God arrest me then Satan to bag me
I'll gladly involve ya moms, Al-Quada Jada I'm only involved with bombs
Put my life on it
Soon as you put in the hot water all you gotta do is put the ice on it
I been givin to niggas for years I'm responsible for niggas careers muthafucka!

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Beanie Sigel]
Hold ya head up Cass don't stress wait a come on fast
Keep to yaself just try not ta come off ass
Cause these niggas ain't playin fair
You know stay on ya square, handle ya biz be the man you say you is
I always been that nigga I said I was
You get booked don't budge look at the judge
An stand up an man up an never play those games
Real niggas don't say no names

[Interlude: DJ Khaled]
Yea its the DJ Khaled the Don Dada the big dog pitbull the Terror Squad-ion
AKA the Beat Novakane I'mma problem my album drops June 6th LISTEEENNN!

[Hook]

[Outro: Beanie Sigel]
Yea, B. Sig fresh out the federal building, fresh on the bricks
Breathin that good air after doin a year and a day man holla at cha boy man
I want my spot back man for real man move over
The king is back to sit in his seat, Holla at cha boy nigga!
Suck a dick with aids on the tip, NOT GUILTY BIOTCH!