[Intro: N.O.R.E.]
"Off the rip" video shoot
Niggas drank a whole bottle of Tiger balm
Then went to Sushi Momo
Ass shots of patron, that shit is called "death"
Swear to God, I died for like 30 seconds
Rest in peace my nigga Chinx (hold you down)


[Chorus: Jadakiss]
Haha, you see we still getting money, who?
You see we still getting money, uh oh?
You see we still getting money, huh?

[Verse 1: N.O.R.E.]
Money on my mind, all I want is bread
Niggas wearing wires, can't trust the FEDS
I got it if you buy it, that's a 100 bands
If I catch your ass lying, kill a 100 men
My dealer gotta (?) said it's 2-toned
I want a white and yellow, grey poupon
The ceiling some where missing cuz the roof gone
I be shitting on these niggas' where the (?)
I respect my O.G.'s, I respect my peers
I respect my younger niggas', I'm remembering them years
I was feisty just like them, Icy just like them
Chip on my shoulder, had a boulder just like them
But now, it's Tom Brady style, inflated it
Started pushing Europeans, hood really hated it
I took the hate serious, I ain't never play with it
No security, bigger Guns around the way with it

[Chorus: Jadakiss]
Haha, you see we still getting money, who?
You see we still getting money, uh oh?
You see we still getting money, huh?

[Verse 2: Fat Joe]
Uh, the press game turned real killers into cowards
You ain't even worth the trade; Dwight Howard
To say we getting money, that's an understatement
If you ain't talking millionaires then you under payed them
El-Gordo with tons in the (?)
Motherfuck the DEA; no Po-Po's
If she don't want no money, she just wanna fuck
Head bobbing and weaving like it's double dutch
A nigga high as fuck trying to die to live
And yeah, we're talking extortion's, what you got to give?
Go head and reach, you'll get the posterize
Never called for the travel, you're just local guys

[Chorus: Jadakiss]
Haha, you see we still getting money, who?
You see we still getting money, uh oh?
You see we still getting money, huh?

[Verse 3: Capone]
Yeah, ayo
You hating on the boy, you better fall in line
You blowing all your bread, I'm stacking all of mine (facts)
Uh, I can still make it rain cash, like changing different schools
We ain't in the same class
I went from a night box to city bank
A smart nigga, my mind sharp, it's 50 shanks
Whoa, you fall back, they swear you fell off
Until you pull up in that 16, they know you're well off
So I slide through with the top down, hand on my cocked-pound
Bitches like "you still getting guap now?"
Yes, and, I'ma always be the freshest
Just in case you niggas missed the message
Motherfucka

Chorus: Jadakiss]
Haha, you see we still getting money, who?
You see we still getting money, uh oh?
You see we still getting money, huh?