[Verse 1: Mistah F.A.B.]
Yo, where I'm from you hustle hard or you don't get it
I couldn't tell you 'bout the block if I didn't live it
I couldn't tell you 'bout the curb if I didn't sit it
'Bout it, 'bout it all my life, there was no limits
In my PJs for 3 days with texts in the wall
Middle finger to the cops having sex with the law
I know the phones getting tapped, all my texts and calls
But I never let the D.A. get the best of me, no
Man can you picture that? Oakland be the city where I'm living at
Where killas going difference that if they get you then you get them back
Youngsters 10, see me getting high, sipping Henny yeah
23, parting with new Benz and the brand new 'lac
I wasn't s'posed to make it, thanks Raegan, I survived Reagan
Mama's getting high, playing Dr. Dre, blazing chronic
Mama hooked on crack, never spent a day in phonics
Drinking tonic, chasing dreams, homie I was playing Sonic

[Hook: Mistah F.A.B.]
Where you from cuz? Represent yo shit
Where you from blood? Represent yo shit
Where you from son? Represent yo shit
Where you from kid? Represent yo shit
Yo what your hood look like? How your hood look?
Yo what your hood look like? How your hood look?
Yo what your hood look like? How your hood look?
Is your hood full of gangsters and hoodlums?

[Verse 2: Jadakiss]
Yeah, a lot of dogs don't bite but all of 'em bark loud
I need you to understand we under a dark cloud
I'm staring my thoughts out, your mouth can't be in if
Your heart's out, see the blue suits with the narks out
Slid in hell, get a cell, pick a coffin
Bitches is fucking, niggas is pillow talking
They gon' kill him, you better get 'em off him
When it come to the millions, nigga we get 'em often
Hated on by niggas that can't get right
Late night, dice games and pit fights
Shoot outs that started off as fight fights
Thinking 'bout my niggas that ain't here on this night
We ain't crazy
We just thorough bullets like Carson Palmer to Fitzgerald
Yeah I know we still smart, we just ghetto
This Y.O. Yonkers, nigga, the six borough

[Hook: Mistah F.A.B.]
Where you from cuz? Represent yo shit
Where you from blood? Represent yo shit
Where you from son? Represent yo shit
Where you from kid? Represent yo shit
Yo what your hood look like? How your hood look?
Yo what your hood look like? How your hood look?
Yo what your hood look like? How your hood look?
Is your hood full of gangsters and hoodlums?

[Verse 3: Mistah F.A.B.]
Gangsters, hoodlums, killers, convicts
Rottweilers, pitbulls, cats and nonsense
Old show boxes, pulling them blue trims
We got the Tims off, glued like glue sticks
You ain't give this city some hope, now it's a city of dope
If you ain't pushing Europeans, they consider you broke
It ain't no mystery, my city lost identity
But with a couple bars let me break down the history
We built this city off rock and dro
Pimping hoes, V&V, 2Pac and show
Now the streets corrupting innocent and make a move
Militant through diligence, get shot over a millicent
Eating Scooby Snacks, pop a vitamin
Got Heineken, Robert China men, just to shine again
Got to rehab to get back out, hit the grind again
Pete Rock, do I gotta mind 'em man

[Outro: Mistah F.A.B.]
Where you from cuz?