[Verse 1: Oun-P]
Oo we looking good, we getting hella chips now
The city showing unity, Mello on the Knicks now
Still thinking you gangsta, still dont believe you
I grew up where it's rough, NY they leave you
Them things on deck, it don't matter if you diesel
The next time somebody seeing you, you be see through
Stress days is over, now I can just skip town
Tell my bitch to get up, then I tell her get down
Now I know how Jay felt, you niggas is useless
You gotta have the dynasty before you make the blueprint
All I see is dollar signs, whips gon' be ruthless
I lied to the judge, but in the booth I'm wat the truth is, Oun!

[Hook]
Roll up in the hood
Actin like you gon do somethin', nigga no you wouldn't
Nigga you scared (you scared!)
Perpetrating a thug, you ain't really killing nothing

What I told you was before[?]
Was in the dark, comes to the light
I got them goonz on call
So if its on, you better be right

So Wat chu talkin' bout? huh? Nothing!
So Wat chu talkin' bout? huh? Nothing!
I dont know Wat chu talkin' bout' huh? Nothing!
Now Wat chu talkin' bout? huh? Nothing! Egnnh!

[Verse 2: Lloyd Banks]
Anngh!, big body turn around your corner
Crack the roof, air the warner, transform her when I hit the switch
Go where I wanna, Money bags made me stronger
Play wit me I'll put some on you, light your crib up like its christmas bitch
Rolling they dont see it, I dont show em
Feel em arm doors up, ma pants swollen cause I brought them racks
Frozen, all the pretty ladies love him
If I tell them come they come and now my egos doing stuntin laps
Southsiding on em, big goofy diamond flauntin
Sick stupid super coup, bout to skip an 'ountain[?] on em
Pop the shit and style it on em
Miss me with the hate, sucker
Terror dome, Mil City motherf#cker!

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Jadakiss]
Aghaaaa!..
Ugh, Yea, Yo Black Jack or Crabs, I dont play the poker
You ain't talkin about money then callate la boca
Latex gloves when ever I weigh the coka
I just pray to God that the 40 stay in its holster
Lames is watered down, pure saturation
Laid my gang down, across half the nation
I ain't with all of y'all, false accusations
Goons is on call, voice activation
Talkin bout millions, up late in the buildings
Real life illing, duck taping civilians
Yeah it's all love till you chalk em out
Haah, Now tell me what chu talkin about?

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Fred The Godson]
Oun and sonny told me to this joint
This is some Chris Paul pen pal hommie
I'm just right to the point, You nice to a point
I got so many bars its like I'm doing life in the joint
Blocks got its zone up, bullets'll break your dome up
Leave you like robocop, body all chromed up
Freshman double XL, Fred done blown up
My shotty do pilates, got a body better tone up
You know when God call, pump in front of Kennedy fried[?], Oswald
Call a spade a spade, but when cards fall you playing hardball
Now Wat chu talkin' bout?

[Hook]