[Verse 1: Jadakiss]

Aha

It's dead real
Yo, why is Jadakiss as hard as it gets
Why is the industry designed to keep the artist in debt?
And why them dudes ain't ridin' if there part of your set?
And why they never get it poppin' but they party to death?
Yea, and why they gon give you life for a murder?
Turn around only give you eight months for a burner, it's goin down
Why they sellin' niggas CD's for under a dime?
If it's all love daddy why you come wit your nine?
Why my niggas ain't get that cake?
Why is a brother up North better than Jordan?
That ain't get that break
Why you ain't stackin' instead of tryin' to be fly?
Why is rattin' at an all time high?
Why are you even alive?
Why they kill 2Pac n' Chris?
Why at the bar you ain't take straight shots instead of poppin' Criss?
Why them bullets have to hit that door?
Why did Kobe have to hit that raw?
Why he kiss that whore?
Why?

[Hook: Anthony Hamilton]

All that I been givin'
Is this pain that I've been living
They got me in the system
Why they gotta do me like that?
Try'd to make it my way
But got sent up on the highway
Why, oh why?
Why they do me like that?



[Verse 2: Jadakiss]

Why would niggas push pounds and powder?
Why did bush knock down the towers?
Why you around them cowards?
Why Aaliyah have to take that flight?
Why my nigga D ain't pull out his Ferrari?
Why he take that bike?
Why they gotta open your package and read your mail?
Why they stop lettin' niggas get degreez in jail?
Why you gotta do eighty-five percent of your time?
And why do niggas lie in eighty-five percent of they rhymes?
Why a nigga always want what he can't have?
Why I can't come through in the pecan Jag?
Why did crack have to hit so hard?
Even though it's almost over
Why niggas can't get no jobs?
Why they come up wit the witness protection?
Why they let the terminator win the election?
Come on, pay attention
Why sell in the stores what you can sell in the streets?
Why I say the hottest shit but be sellin' the least?
Why?

[Hook: Anthony Hamilton]

All that I been givin'
Is this pain that I've been living
They got me in the system
Why they gotta do me like that?
Try'd to make it my way
But got sent up on the highway
Why, oh why?
Why they do me like that?

[Verse 3: Kool Savas]

OK!
Warum macht Mel die besten Beats die es gibt?
Warum bin ich anstelle du auf diesem Track hier mit Kiss?
Warum spitt ich so sick?
Warum laden Kids runter statt zu kaufen?
Warum sind Kids statt zu Hause draußen, rauchen und saufen mit 12 und 13?
Warum fickt Fernsehen dein Hirn?
Und warum meinen Lehrer sie hätten Recht, obwohl sie sich irren und wollen uns verwirren?
Und warum bloß ist alles so schwer, alles so kompliziert?
Warum bin ich nicht dumm und merk nicht was um mich herum passiert?
Warum reden Mädel zu früh, geben Schädel zu früh?
Warum betrügt man seine Frau obwohl man sie liebt?
Wegen dem Trieb!
Warum buckelt man sich tot, doch verdient einfach nicht mehr?
Warum verdien ich nich einfach noch mehr?
Warum flieg ich nicht gern?
Warum war gestern jeder auf Jungle, heut jeder auf Ragga?
Warum sind Rapper nicht sie selbst, sondern Gangsta und Gutter?
Warum schreiben sich diese 16 Bars wie von selbst?
Warum buddelt ihr euch nicht einfach ein Loch und vergrabt euch selbst?
Warum?

Ha!

[Hook: Anthony Hamilton]

All that I been givin'
Is this pain that I've been living
They got me in the system
Why they gotta do me like that?
Try'd to make it my way
But got sent up on the highway
Why, oh why?
Why they do me like that?