Superstar Jet Jaguar - “All Y’all”
[Emcee(s): Superstar Jet Jaguar (AKA GM Grimm/MF Grimm)]
[Producer(s): Looie II]
[Sample (Melody): Roy Budd - “Main Theme (Fear Is the Key OST)” (0:46 and 1:08)]

[Intro: Sample from Godzilla vs. Megalon (1973) and Superstar Jet Jaguar (AKA GM Grimm/MF Grimm)]
[Sample from Godzilla vs. Megalon (1973)]
“You know what?  I’ll call him Jet Jaguar”
“Jet Jaguar, eh?  Not bad.  You’re right, it suits him”
[Superstar Jet Jaguar (AKA GM Grimm/MF Grimm)]
Travel through time with the Superstar Jet Jaguar.  So sit back, relax, as I shed all my digital tears for all my peers that’s no longer here.  All right.  I’ma hit Mach speed.  M.I.C

[Verse 1: Superstar Jet Jaguar (AKA GM Grimm/MF Grimm)]
I’ve seen
Million-dollar niggas get murdered over G’s
Niggas pop shit.  Repercussion, cop pleas
Cock shit, Swiss skin cheese
Below degrees, planet freeze
Heat the world, flame trees.  Fiends O-
-D’ing, production ain’t stepped on.  Infrared
Beam, slept on.  At the body, spit
Krypton, touch the world, dip on
Death’s a high—smoke redemption
Separate the monitor from keyboard
Delete memory, destroy data
Blast, multiply, megabyte, giga
Alchemy—absolutely nothing turn figures
I rhyme for my niggas already there
I rhyme for my niggas not breathing air
Matter anti, status Jedi
Peace to Fatman Scoop on the red-eye
My right eye’s a deadeye.  Many said I
Would fail, never succeed
And laughed as my palms bleed.  Tachyon dust
Light speed, appetite of greed
Killing each other over chickenfeed
Insomnia, I’m just tussling ‘cause
Brothers state-to-state still hustling, but I know
The darkness shed on the planet is necessary
Equal balance, quantums are temporary
Chess, physics, convert astro
A Cold War, MF Castro
United Nations a bunch of assholes
Peacekeepers overseas buck streetsweepers
FBI dance with the Reaper
CIA dance with the Reaper
Alchemy turn air to water, New York’s Atlantis
Awkwardly stalk the ones hawking me.  Beyond
Touch, beyond taste, beyond
Sight, everybody walk with me
Nuclei talk to the darkness, vibrate
Light.  Friction, eyes dilate
Time’s manmade, so why wait?  Dimensions
Migrate metropolis, beach blaze cannabis
Paralysis, metamorphosis back to Genesis
Nemesis necropolis, asesino
Anti-oxidants and aminos, learn lessons
When the cream goes and the hoes life flows

[Bridge: Superstar Jet Jaguar (AKA GM Grimm/MF Grimm)]
Yes
Yes, y’all.  A-to the beat, y’all.  A-freak
Freak, y’all.  A-so unique, y’all.  See?
Together, we can have a ball, y’all.  You ain’t
With me?  Then fuck all y’all.  A-yes
Yes, y’all.  A-to the beat, y’all.  A-freak
Freak, y’all.  A-so unique, y’all.  See?
Together, we can have a ball, y’all.  You ain’t
With me?  Then fuck all y’all.  A-yes
Yes, y’all.  A-to the beat, y’all.  A-freak
Freak, y’all.  A-so unique, y’all.  Jet
Jag got love for all y’all.  You ain’t
With me?  Then fuck all y’all

[Verse 2: Superstar Jet Jaguar (AKA GM Grimm/MF Grimm)]
I paid for the sins of my ancestors, also for
The future sins of my predecessors.  I went on a quiet
Quest to quiet down my aggressors, from multiple
Correctional facilities, understand utilities
Turning liabilities to commodities.  So many tragic
Errors in our era, this drama’s a comedy, Devil
Continuously consume my constructions, contaminating
The content through contagiousness.  My soul is
Outraged, but I’ll focus on continents.  Super-
-star Jet Jaguar, Monsta Island Czar
Peace

[Outro: Sample from Godzilla vs. Megalon (1973)]
Goro Ibuki: Isn’t that Jet Jaguar there?
Rokuro “Roku-chan” Ibuki: Yes it is!  It’s him all right!