MF Grimm - “Bloody Love Letter”
[Emcee(s): MF Grimm]
[Producer(s): Rob Swift]
[Sample (Drums): Procol Harum - “Repent Walpurgis” (0:01)]

[Intro: Skit]
Person 1: Yo, what’s up?
Person 2: Yo, what’s up?
Person 1: Yo, you heard what happened to Grimm?
Person 2: Nah, man, what happened?
Person 1: That nigga got shot

[Verse 1: MF Grimm]
Baby, I don’t think I’m gonna
Make it, see, ‘cause mad guns was firing
I’m laying in the snow, and, yo, my lifeline’s expiring
I’m hurt bad, I’m coughing up some body parts
I didn’t know I had.  The Reaper Show, curtain closing
Laying in the snow frozen, manage internal damage
I’m panicking because I’m chosen.  All I want to know
And also ask that: who will take care of you?
Oh shit, I’m catching flashbacks.  Sorry we didn’t
Get to do the things I promised you, but I meant everything
And that’s the honest truth.  Laying in a pool
Of blood, and witnesses are scoping.  I’m feeling tired and
It’s hard to keep my eyes open.  I would sell my soul
To be with you again, but it must end
Due to jealousy of black men.  Life is blunt
Death is sharp as a blade.  I hope you meet another love
And all the pain will fade.  You might feel the pain now
But things will get better.  I’m dripping on the paper, so
Excuse the bloody love letter

[Hook: MF Grimm]
I’ll always love you (Love you)
There’s no one above you (Above you)
We had a lot of plans, yes, I know (Yes, I know)
But I think it’s time for me now to go (Now to go)
My life wasn’t all that nice (Nice)
So now it’s time for me to pay the price (Pay the price)
The last words written from the Grimm Reap’ (From the Grimm Reap’)
Before he greets his eternal sleep (Eternal sleep)

[Verse 2: MF Grimm]
Never believed in God, but now, since I’m going
Second by the second, honey, spiritually I’m growing
As I pick a number and wait in line for resurrection
I’ll watch down over as your angel of protection
I would like to be in Heaven, but it’s up to the commissioner
The Devil is a slave driver, there’s no air conditioner
Almost made it to the promised land but I didn’t, never
Saw the movie Ghost, but, in a minute, I’ll be living in it
Gotta earn my wings, so animation is
Suspended.  To hold you again would be splendid
Seed never planted, I didn’t leave a mark
Where’d the lights go, yo?  ‘Cause shit is getting dark
Not ready to die or the ride in a hearse
But I’m fading in and out, so I doubt there’ll be a third verse
I’m bleeding even more, so the paper’s getting
Redder and redder.  Excuse the bloody love letter

[Hook: MF Grimm]
I’ll always love you (Always love you)
There’s no one above you (Above you)
We had a lot of plans, yes, I know (Yes, I know)
But I think it’s time for me now to go (Now to go)
My life wasn’t all that nice (Nice)
So now it’s time for me to pay the price (Pay the price)
The last words written from the Grimm Reap’ (From the Grimm Reap’)
Before he greets his eternal sleep (His eternal sleep)

[Verse 3: MF Grimm]
It’s down to the point that, again, you’ll never see me
Name on the handball court written in graffiti
The coffin will be open ‘cause they didn’t touch my face
So kiss my moms on her cheek (Muah), and say I’m in a better place
Fate’s very funny ‘cause you don’t know where it takes you
And, for Pete’s sake too, don’t let this shit break you
I never though I’d die at twenty-three years old
But the cards wasn’t dealt right, so I have to fold
This is where the letter ends.  Not because
I’m dying, but the snow froze the ink in my pen
So, my dear, in your dreams I’ll appear.  With accu-
-rate precision, all the visions in your head will be clear
So never lose this letter (Never), cherish it
Forever (Ever), but P.S.  Excuse the blood smear

[Hook: MF Grimm]
I’ll always love you (Always love you)
There’s no one above you (Above you)
We had a lot of plans, yes, I know (Yes, I know)
But I think it’s time for me now to go (Now to go)
My life wasn’t all that nice (Nice)
So now it’s time for me to pay the price (To pay the price)
The last words written from the Grimm Reap’ (From the Grimm Reap’)
Before he greets his eternal sleep (His eternal sleep)