MF Grimm - “Break Em Off”
[Emcee(s): MF Grimm]
[Producer(s): Cas]

[Hook: MF Grimm]
May I kick a little something?
To show niggas I can flow and get the party pumping
May I kick a little something?
What you gonna break ‘em off, Grimm?  A little something

[Verse 1: MF Grimm]
Day By Day drama, cats dream about gatting
Manhattan Dali Lama, golden light armor
Pray rain retreat, become calmer
One time too low, Mad Flow Unabomber
Almost died having me—thank you to my momma
She named me Percy Carey—that’s universal
Known for showing love and busting pistols
Street-affiliated, graduated, play with plastic
Explosions exact, in fact, more drastic
Impact crack, scrambled eggs made with autos
Richter scale 7, Highway Heaven
News at 11, film shows you
And you crew all dead and hard like pork rinds
Remote switches, security mind’s on bitches
Wearing your shoes and spending your riches
Save my life?  Those are dead man wishes
Take my life?  Sleep with the fishes
Luca Brasi , track bassy, cripple devil
Verbal level’s Kevin Spacey
Retire emulator, flow like water
Spit fire , call smoke purple hazing
View half-dead, but half-man, half-amazing
Um, they hope Perc’ disperse
Got ‘em rewriting rhymes, ripping up their verse
Cursing causes whole crew head-bopping
Catching attitudes ‘cause niggas ain’t stopping
You shocked?  The fuck you expect?  Grimm’s rocking
Manhattan keep on making it , got bitches shaking it
Money in circles, 360 raking it
U-N-I verse, in God we trust
Drive bys in traffic, high when I bust
Suppressor on nozzle, no one hear us
I love those who sleep and don’t fear us
Left dead at the light, slumped to the right
More we go, you checking in tonight
Family stressed out, loved ones tight
Going back to Cali to take this flight
Love the Big Apple, and I’ma take a bite
Day By Day, for my life I fight
To God I pray that someone might
Hear my skills, hit me with mills and
Pay my bills so I don’t kill
Sitting in prison, I’m facing life
Changed the game, snitches live so trife
Judge acting like I just fucked his wife
In his bed and drank his wine  and
She gave me head, so he’s giving me time
Inside of here, I’m going out my mind
Bouncing off brick walls, sun don’t shine
Push-ups and chess help me unwind
‘Cause I’m in a bind and I can’t rewind
So I hit fast-forward, hope I get signed
A friendly game of baseball, home run denied
Said my bat had too much tar from pine
Tap umpire jaw, gave me a fine
Thirty days in the hole, in the dark I dine
Dreams of being free and go claim what’s mine
Dreams of being free and go claim what’s mine

[Hook: MF Grimm] (x2)
May I kick a little something?
To show niggas I can flow and get the party pumping
May I kick a little something?
What you gonna break ‘em off, Grimm?  A little something