MF DOOM & MF Grimm - “Calamus + Star Anise = Superhero”
[Emcee(s): MF Grimm]
[Producer(s): MF DOOM (Original Instrumental from MF DOOM - “Dead Bent”)]
[Sample (Melody): Isaac Hayes - “Walk On By” (0:22)]

[Hook: MF Grimm]
(He’s a super) hero.  Jet Jaguar’s
A Superhero.  Jet Jaguar’s
A Superhero.  Jet Jaguar’s
A Superhero.  Jet Jaguar’s
A Superhero

[Verse 1: MF Grimm]
Here to save rap
Always working on new flows, not the same crap
Operation Doomsday, the day after mission
Hot to death, iron chef, vocals in the kitchen
The world wants to know how we follow up a classic
Did we lose our hunger?  Do we have the magic?
Day By Day, Metal Face together, yes, we build this
Now it’s double homicide because, again, we killed this
MF DOOM and MF Grimm, put ‘em
Back together and you can’t win
‘Cause it can’t lose, so what the hell?  While others
Choose to rock ‘em, we kill you with bells
I’ll resurrect you with some Special Herbs
Or we’re hurting birds with some special words
Punks think they’re gangsta, but they’re really herbs ‘cause
When they empty a clip, it’ll test your nerves
Gangsta keep a straight face—you start to swerve
All that street shit change, you’re on the curve
Hollering like a bitch, what happened to the hard talk?
Street shit is gone, now you’re driving on the sidewalk
Destiny is moving, looking at you funny
They see you were driving in the streets for the money
Lost your respect, now your face you try to hide
We refuse to stop and let you slide
I know this is eating you up inside
Day By Day distribution now worldwide
No longer honorable, you’re a fucking crook
You better get new guidance, your manager is shook
Hiding behind cellphones and emails
He’s a little bitch, between his legs is his tail
Three years ago, I left—that’s a fact—but
Now I came back to save rap!

[Hook: MF Grimm]
Jet Jaguar’s
A Superhero.  Jet Jaguar’s
A Superhero.  Jet Jaguar’s
A Superhero.  Jet Jaguar’s
A Superhero.  Jet Jaguar’s
A Superhero.  Jet Jaguar
Jet Jaguar, Jet Jaguar
Jet Jaguar, Jet Jaguar