MF Grimm - “Crumb Snatchers”
[Emcee(s): MF Grimm]
[Producer(s): Gonzo]
[Additional Vocals: Gonzo]
[Scratches: Gonzo]

[Intro (Overlapped With Various Scratched MF Grimm Samples): Gonzo]
One, two, yo, check this out.  All you fake-ass, party-ass niggas out there that keep biting my man’s shit.  We gonna keep it real for the ‘94.  And this is motherfucking Monsta Island, aight?  All you bitch-ass niggas, get the fuck out of Monsta Island, aight?  Yo, Grimm, set that shit off like this

[Verse 1: MF Grimm]
I can either
Help or kill like radiation
Imitate Kuwait in the motherfucking train station
Mutilate like Charles Manson, I’m cutting
Bitches and I’m giving ‘em stitches like Marla Hanson
Come and test me from Brooklyn to Bahamas
I’ll battle the best and digest like Jeffrey Dahmer
Mad motherfuckers murdered, military methods
Priest of death, pass my blessings with the Smith & Wesson
Punk-ass rappers I’m sticking up, straight
Vict’ get rushed, terror-stricken ‘cause you’re butt
I hang with CM, Kurious George, and also [?]
In the streets, I have a rep for pulling spirits out of bodies
I show no fear, I’m not giving in
So change your address ‘cause you’re living in oblivion
Emperor of evil, compress my competition
‘Til my last breath, the best destroy recognition
Death’s the definition, rappers’ fame is reduced
They’re scared I’m loose, and now they wanna call a truce
They hate it, I made it, they waited
Then hesitated, but now their brains invaded
Anger, bitterness, you’re hearing this, you’re fearing this
As I’m tearing this, you get dissed, so you’re pissed
‘Cause ass I kick, always get last licks, the money
Devil of Cee-Lo, all I roll is 666
Musical Mase, eyes Puffy like a North Face
Disgrace crews of two and make ‘em break up like 3rd Bass
I cause disasters, I am the master
Of turning little bastards into fucking Casper
So put your name on a tombstone ‘cause when
You try to kill me, I’ll refuse to die alone

[Hook: MF Grimm and (Sample with Scratches by Gonzo)]
A lot of niggas wanna be me, but they can’t be
(But why?) ‘Cause there’s only one Samcee (Oh)
Fronting like they’re all that, but they’re just bums
What they tryna snatch, kid? (Crumbs)
Fronting like they’re all that, but they’re just bums
What they tryna snatch, kid? (Crumbs)

[Verse 2: MF Grimm]
Violence plus intellectual analysis equal mili-
-tary thoughts, fights with mortal thoughts is my favorite sport
Quantities of entities enter me evilly, he who’s
Dumb enough to battle me die drastically and has to be
In a world of fabrication (-cation)
Demonstrations of confrontation commence annihilation
Let’s pretend we’re both guns and make this shit erratic
I’ll be the revolver, you could play the automatic
Automatic flip scripts, revolver show loyalty
Each gun is die-able, but only one’s reliable
You shoot fast, but, in the end, you jam
Then I click back and turn your brains into Spam
Grimm is the man, and I demand my recognition even
If I have to blow your ass to spiritual submission
I heard somewhere niggas is scared of revolution
Revolute against the Reaper and get pulled from evolution.  I was
Shot a few times, and I died, and I’d snatch ya.  Now I’ll
Go beyond life and attack the supernatural
Seven shots fired, seven shots went in me
Grimm was Jesus Christ, and to the concrete cross they pinned me
A lot of hardcore niggas, I just figure they’re imposters
Rap is War Games, and Grimm’s brain name is Joshua
So if you wanna, battle then I gotta say the only
Winning move against Grimm Reap’ is not to play

[Hook: MF Grimm and (Sample with Scratches by Gonzo)]
A lot of niggas wanna be me, but
They can’t be.  (But why?) There’s only one Samcee
Fronting like they’re all that, but they’re just bums
What they tryna snatch, kid? (Crumbs)
Fronting like they’re all that, but they’re just bums
What they tryna snatch, kid? (Crumbs)

[Verse 3: MF Grimm]
As I
Follow Apollo, god of prophecy and music
Sew up the rising sun and transform it into poetry
Stalking the shadows of the human mind and leaving weary
Niggas better fear me when they hear my eerie theories
On the rap scene, me you can’t compare
Punks like to stare, but they wouldn’t dare
I’m giving niggas nightmares on the streets of Elm
Step into oblivion as you enter my realm
I turn “boom bap” into “boom bip”
My mind’s on reverse shit, so you could call me Mxyzptlk
Quantum leap through universes, different time and places
Surrounded by an oasis of dead faces
Will I die in a peaceful way?
Or go all-out like Carlito’s Way?
Fuck it.  Gotta live Day By Day
Peace to my nigga by the name of Jay
Styles automatic with skills of Eddie Futch
Stick shift rhymes, I’ll burn ‘em out like a clutch
Primitive rappers’ ass kicked, they need a spark ‘cause you’re
A dinosaur, so tour Jurassic Park
The Reaper’s rude, drop your ass to your knees
If death was food, I’ll be handing out free cheese
Sit back, relax, smoke some scama.  Niggas
Screaming “battle,” but their brain have no armor
En garde, grab the mic and take your fighting stances
Like to take chances, we could battle for advances
(Fuck this wheelchair) I’m in a wheelchair, but still making money ‘cause
I got my murder buddies wearing hoodies, who get bloody
The rap Boba Fett, if you rhyme, then I want ya
Mental bounty hunter of hardcore fronters
Some sleep on the Reap’ like I’m not nice, but I
Don’t freestyle ‘cause my style cost a price
Tiny temptations of termination, no hesitation
Retaliation to all imitation creations who’s making
Duplications of my innovations.  So what you
Want, niggas?  Bring it on (Bring it on).  I’ll blow you out
The sky like Captain Kirk do the motherfucking Klingons
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust
Graze ya with a razor, watch your jugular bust
Grimm is the one that flew the cuckoo’s nest
“Fuck the World!” is written on my chest

[Hook: MF Grimm and (Sample with Scratches by Gonzo)]
A lot of niggas wanna be me, but
They can’t be.  (But why?) There’s only one Samcee
Fronting like they’re all that, but they’re just bums
What they tryna snatch, kid? (Crumbs)
Fronting like they’re all that, but they’re just bums
What they tryna snatch, kid? (Crumbs)

[Outro: MF Grimm]
I represent Monsta Island (You don’t stop).  I represent Monsta Island (You don’t stop).  Big Vito’s in the motherfucking house.  Punk’s in the motherfucking house.  You don’t stop (Let them niggas bring it).  Bring it on, niggas.  East Coast to West, the Grimm Reaper is the best