MF Grimm - “Do It For the Kids (Scars & Memories Version)”
[Emcee(s): MF Grimm]
[Producer(s): Rob Swift]
[Sample (Melody): Bobby Hutcherson - “Montara” (0:53)]

[Intro: MF Grimm and (Kid)]
Yo (Come on, man, let me hear it!), put the kids to bed ‘cause this rhyme is not for them (Come on, man, let me hear it!).  I’m representing for men (Come on, man!  Let me hear it!)

[Verse 1: MF Grimm]
TEC-9 dreams and MAC-11 wishes
Infrared is beaming on the target, making sure there is no misses
Your funeral, you know who’s blowing kisses at your widow
It sound fucked up, but your widow’s doing ditto, kiddo
“Get with me.”  On your death, she didn’t dwell
You’re living up in Heaven, but I know you’re mad as Hell
No one knows I killed you except you
(And we all know a dead man can’t tell (Shhhh))
Homicides in the dark, can’t trace the bullet
Pick up the shell, dug the lead out your fucking heart
Shaking gates in Heaven because she’s fucking me
Swinging on God ‘cause you need Heaven keys to get to me
Your spirit ain’t shit to me.  Kid, step to me
You’re history, a Ghostbuster ass-kicking victory
When it come to hardcore, I am epitome of
Evil, so don’t pull stunts like Knievel
Brainstorm

[Hook: MF Grimm and (Kid)]
(Do it for the kids, man, the kids!) I’ll rhyme for
Niggas in the street or locked up that’s doing bids
(Do it for the kids, goddamn it!) I’ll rhyme for
Brothers walking dead and for those who left the planet

[Verse 2: MF Grimm]
Violence in the belly of The Beast won’t cease, I’ve packed
A piece since Lee’s was worn permanently creased
Far from weak, not too many better.  Hardcore
Is color black, but I’ll shine like patent leather
Food for thought—hush, eat my words with your mind
Emcees are grapes, and grapes are crushed to wine
A deadly breed, no fad or bad seed.  You’ll never
Forget me like the Jews’ll never forget Hitler’s bad deeds
Brain cells are blown like a bike tire.  In nights
Escape the mental hell by running through the verbal fire
I wanted friends to see me at my best, but
I lost a lot of friends in violent crimes in the process
My attitude’s a mess, I like drama
Forget about my problems, I’ll smoke a lot of scama
I have few things to live for, but even more to
Die for, my niggas out the street is what I strive for

[Hook: MF Grimm and (Kid)] (x2)
(Do it for the kids, man, the kids!) I’ll rhyme for
Niggas in the street or locked up that’s doing bids
(Do it for the kids, goddamn it!) I’ll rhyme for
Brothers walking dead and for those who left the planet

[Verse 3: MF Grimm]
To die unheard, I won’t grant it.  Six feet
Under this planet, unknown, I can’t stand it
Platinum don’t mean shit when you’re perpetrating
Someone else’s life, and their life ain’t legit.  How
We living?  We’re living Day By Day
Ain’t no telling on Earth how long you get to stay
Microphone friction with diction near speakers cause
Feedback, birds flee, black, when you attack or
Repeat heated words I speak, weak beats
Strong vocals, no question, The Beast delete
Grimm’s voice is elite.  Everyone loves
A winner, but what happen when a winner meets defeat?
Nuclear thoughts, boom, radiation, termination
Clouds of mushrooms spell doom to all creations
Fuck World War I or World War II, see?
‘Cause rappers gotta deal with World War Me
And World War Me equals World War III.  We could
Rhyme or either fight, kid, so what it’s gonna be?

[Hook: MF Grimm and (Kid)] (x2)
(Do it for the kids, man, the kids!) I’ll rhyme for
Niggas in the street or locked up that’s doing bids
(Do it for the kids, goddamn it!) I’ll rhyme for
Brothers walking dead and for those who left the planet

[Outro: MF Grimm and (Kid)]
(Do it for the kids, man, the kids!) Peace to my nigga Puck.  (Do it for the kids, goddamn it!) G-Squeeze.  Sorry.  (Come on, man!) Sorry, shorty, but you can’t hear my album (Y’all playing me like I’m one!) ‘cause it deals with stuff you shouldn’t hear (Come on!), and life in the streets is what your mommy fears (Please, man!).  (Come on!) Streets in the past brought a lot of mommy tears (Come on, man).  You know (One line please?).  You know what I’m saying?  To hear my album, you gotta ask your mommy first (Come on, man!), but don’t get mad if she say “no” ‘cause, in verses, there’s curses.  I’ll do a radio mix just for you, still curse, but flipped in reverse (One line!).  And I’m out, shorty.  Uh (Come on, One line!) No, I said no!  (Come on, man!  One line!)  You don’t stop.  No, shorty (Come on, man!  One line!).  Come on, let’s go watch the Prince of Bel-Air or something, man (One line!)  Nah, no one nothing (One line!).  One no (One line!).  No (One line!), no (One line!), no (One line!), I said “no” (I said “yeah”).  I said “no” (I said “yes”)