MF Grimm - “Getting Shot Interview”
[Emcee(s): n/a]
[Producer(s): n/a]

[Interviewer and GM Grimm]
Interviewer: It seems like most, uh, media outlets and label folks rather utilize getting shot as a way to sell records and somehow falsify, you know, the true of this, of this, of that ordeal.  So that, that we get a different perspective from someone who relates with coming in contact with bullets, what you're saying to the people, especially the younger individuals who have, uh, who... you know, something, something to say to them that... because a lot of folks, you know, let TV life impact the true outcome of gun violence
GM Grimm: Yeah, uh, most people don’t realize that that shit hurt too, you know what I mean?  It's, like, um, it's unfortunate how now, it’s, um, you're cool if you get shot, but, you graduate from college, you know, you're, you're no one, you know?  It's like, um, getting shot and all that, you know it, that can happen to anyone, yes.  But the babies don't need to hear this shit like, like it's cool, like how many times you get shot makes you a dope emcee.  Like, shit if that's the case.  Somebody gonna try to hold a grenade next.  I mean, what is it gonna take now, you know?  If you get shot three times, you, you’re an R&B singer, you know?  You get shot ten times, you’re in hip hop.  And, um, you know, like, it, it's like, it’s crazy now.  It's like... Getting shot should be the last thing, um, these younger, especially younger generations should have in their mind.  Like it's cool, it's, uh, like it’s a rite.  You know, you gotta get shot to be someone, and that, that shit is bullshit, you know?
Interviewer: Agreed, yeah
GM Grimm: You know?  It, it, it, it alters your life and the ones around you life.  It's hard, it's, it's so hard because it's like, yeah, because, you know, now young, young brothers and sisters be like, “Oh, man, you're just saying that ‘cause you got shot.  You know, you're just saying that ‘cause you're in a chair.”  Yeah, you're right!  You're damn right, you know?  And, it's, I'm, I'm thankful it's me in a chair and not them