MF Grimm - “Howl”
[Emcee(s): MF Grimm]
[Producer(s): Dr. Butcher]
[Co-Producer: Metal Fingers (AKA MF DOOM)]

[Verse 1: MF Grimm]
In darkness, sometimes sunshine
Drunk off death, throwing up moonshine
Slit vein, sit still, crush all bones brittle
No pain, quick kill, maybe hurt just a little
Hunger on cellular—yes, we call.  You
Don’t have a prayer.  Say one for you
Shake life out body, in throat sink fangs
Today’s your last day, too slow, can’t hang
Don’t take personal, but you must die
Kill or be killed, we kill—that’s why
Make it easy on yourself when the wolves bite
Accept your fate, no struggle, don’t fight
Alpha, omega, pack overpower you
Reminiscing as a pup while we devour you
All my wolves, blood we thirst, kill with Perc’, moon we
Howl

[Hook: MF Grimm]
Jump!  Jump!  Jump!  Jump!
Jump!  Jump!  Jump!  Jump!

[Verse 2: MF Grimm]
Temptations, hunger pain.  Please, Lord, forgive me
Chewing up lifeforms ‘cause I wanna live, see?
Scared for their life, runaway try mouthfuls
Babies can keep up, eaten ‘cause they move slow
Hunger pain echoes, hunt down big ones
Until whole pack eat, we’re not done
Young pups play games, killing things, just fun
Don’t take serious, schooled by old ones
Head to the river so we can have a drink
Mate with bitches, sit back and think
Dance with dead as soon as sun drops
Survival of the fittest, weak ones will stop
Thou shalt not kill.  For me to eat’s a big sin
Stomach growls, it’s time to kill again
All my wolves, blood we thirst, kill with Perc’, moon we
Howl

[Hook: MF Grimm]
Jump!  Jump!  Jump!  Jump!
Jump!  Jump!  Jump!  Jump!

[Verse 3: MF Grimm]
Blood over my coat, also my paws
Regulate wolves disobeying our laws
If we pick up scent, we hunt you
Call of the wild, scream as we jump you
Tear you apart, whole pack just share you
Kill or be killed, so we took care of you
Die with your eyes open, looking at me
Facial expressions wonder why this had to be
I didn’t make this world, this shit’s beyond me
Humans judge, God understands me
Insane ‘cause hunger pains command me
To satisfy them in situation lands me
Live through night, another day God grants me
Hunger got me blind, and I can’t see I can’t see
All my wolves, blood we thirst, kill with Perc’, moon we
Howl

[Hook: MF Grimm]
Jump!  Jump!  Jump!  Jump!
Jump!  Jump!  Jump!  Jump!