MF Grimm - “I Rather Be Wrong”
[Emcee(s): MF Grimm]
[Producer(s): DJ Crucial]
[Scratches: DJ Crucial]

[Verse 1: MF Grimm]
Few
Bullets hit the floor while flying through the air
Billie Jean light up concrete, some die there
Military weapons against stones not fair
Gunshots in the street, whole block scared
Niggas tell you they love you right before they shoot you
Hug your momma, cry at your funeral
It’s terrible, sinful.  Life here is pitiful
God has a dark sense of humor, divine comedy
Joke’s on you, punchline is tragedy
It’s not what he say, it’s how he deliver it
Louis Armstrong gassed me, said it was “Wonderful”
Bush lit the match, showed souls are flammable
Push me?  Don’t.  I’m close to the edge
War, I keep falling, but I’m laying on floor
So deep, drowning but I’m not in water
In Hell, inferno, inhale, breathe fire
In Heaven internally, exhale, leave Lucifer
Fail my objective, can never be President
Although I have all the criminal qualifications
So, no, I guess I’m just like Colin Powell
Lack of real power and blood on the conscience
Some Caucasians see black as being contagious
Their children love us and now act as strangers
Wish they could go back to days when they hang us
Man, them days they hung us is still among us
We got fake revolutionaries trying to mislead us
Won’t bust their guns.  In the head, they just beat us
Fight their own kind instead of ones who mistreat us
Mechanicals for revolution, Che Guevara never got ‘em
He couldn’t be bought by the demons who shot him
So don’t give me that “Power to the People” shit unless you’re
About this shit.  Too many niggas died for it
Old-timers known how to spot who’s legit
Real bankers are pros and know who’s counterfeit
Duo Live, “Free Lunch,” that’s who I’ll roll with
We’re out here exposing hoes and foes the way we should
Living good, not giving back to the hood
Shit changed.  The Klan’s black, wearing hoods
Prove me wrong?  I wish brothers would
In this song ‘cause I rather be wrong

[Hook: Sample with Scratches by DJ Crucial]
“Situation is life or death” - Sample from MF Grimm on MF Grimm ft. Kool G Rap, Akinyele, and Big Chuck - “Stay Strapped (AKA AIDS)” (x2)

[Verse 2: MF Grimm]
I learned
The worse devil in the world’s a black one
They’ll speak your language, talking slang, son
If detected, here’s come another one
Where these niggas coming from?  Bred with self-hatred
Eating master’s scraps, feeling that they made it
Black churches and buses firebombed and raided
Program American Hunger, so they ate it
Cook grams, iron chef, ghetto gourmet
Slow jams.  While get, high forget problems
No man’s an island, but each one’s a monster
Shit ain’t never gonna change, we can’t solve them
How can a nation build when they don’t love each other?
No promised land, only misery prolonged
But in this song, I rather be wrong

[Hook: Sample with Scratches by DJ Crucial]
“Situation is life or death” - Sample from MF Grimm on MF Grimm ft. Kool G Rap, Akinyele, and Big Chuck - “Stay Strapped (AKA AIDS)”

[Verse 3: MF Grimm]
Armstrong
Williams endorsed Bush to kill millions
Your skin is black, but, for you, I have no feelings
Your fouls are flagrant, you secret agent
I speak for a tribe still alive but lost
Your ancestors will haunt you ‘til you see the light
Condoleezza Rice, how you sleep at night?
I guess the Devil tucked you in real tight.  Take a
Look in a mirror, bitch, you are not white
What do they have on you?  Something ain’t right
The vow taken by the President at the inauguration:
Never let this become a nigga nation
But they’re like roaches, Plan B: space station
Just in case they get the heart, choose to fight
And want a war, can’t take it no more
Make these niggas literally reach for the stars
Throwing rocks will never reach Mars—can’t touch this
Kill ‘em off, see who survives the sequel
It’s un-American, niggas will never be equal
Fuck them jiggaboos, they’re not even people
It’s not a myth—they’re only three-fifths
Abe, that nigga lover, what was on his mind?
Probably had nigga in him, knew he was they kind
Now a nigga for life, that’s why pennies don't shine

[Verse 4: MF Grimm]
Show nonbelievers matters controlled by the brain
Grimm’s David Blaine, for the world, display pain
All those multiple contusions and bruising illusions
Magna Carta, OG Constitution
Twelve-Fifteen, master plan for prostitution
The king is a pimp wearing jewels to executions
Father against son, that was the revolution
We didn’t matter, so please don’t be flattered
Africa was shattered, our blood was splattered
I’ve died before, so I don’t fear
Took two thousand years for a nigga to reappear
Gotta kill me ‘cause I’m powerful, I know the deal
Memorize lines, go along with the script
Will my execution make my people flip?
Will disciples be trife and slip? Please
Come together, all Bloods and Crips, make purple
Save your people

[Outro: MF Grimm]
They’re counting on you to kill yourselves.  It’s time for us to make a change.  I rather be wrong.  We’re now hanging ourselves.  There’s no excuse no more.  We gotta come together, we gotta get shit right.  Shit is too fucked up.  It’s been fucked up for a long time, man.  It’s beyond color though.  We just need to get our heads together.  People don’t realize what this world is for, man, this ain’t what... Shit ain’t for us to sit out here, fucking fighting each other.  Motherfuckers, think, man, think.  Life is too short for this shit.  Running around in circles, man, like rats in a maze