MF Grimm ft. Fatman Scoop - “International Rules (Get Down Chorus Remix)”
[Emcee(s): MF Grimm]
[Producer(s): Lex Superstar]
[Hook/Additional Vocals: Fatman Scoop]

[Intro: Fatman Scoop]
You know
How to get money, ain’t nothing to prove
Specialty’s getting honeys—let me see you make moves.  Mind
State macadamia, verbal skills smooth
Party hottie, everybody get theirs!

[Verse 1: MF Grimm]
Days of Alizé
Nights of Cristal, champagne corks
Bust like they’re pistols.  Feeling good
Sit back, wine, dine, watch the diamonds
Glitter, gold shine, expensive
Games we play, mad shout-outs
Coming from the DJ.  Some come as
Couples and others single.  DJ scratch it in
Everybody jingle.  A lot of players
Party, game’s tight, but jealous motherfuckers
Only come to start fights.  You’s a bigger nigga
Ignore it.  They’re broke
Mad at you for it.  Eye on bottle
Really wanna pour it, throat dry
Player-haters don’t know why
They could play too if they really tried
There’s enough for everyone to have a slice of pie.  To
The bar, more drinks we buy, live
The good life ‘til the day we die

[Hook: Fatman Scoop and (MF Grimm)]
Can we rock
A party? (Yeah, uh huh, you know that) Accumulate
The paper, son (Yeah, uh huh, we do that).  Time after
Time (Yeah, uh huh, we make hits)
International (We rule shit)

[Interlude: Fatman Scoop and (MF Grimm)]
Yeah, yeah, Monsta Island forever shining (That’s right, man.  What?).  Ayyo, Grimm, tell ‘em what you see, baby.  Let ‘em know, son, let ‘em know, son

[Verse 2: MF Grimm]
My crew’s representing jiddy, exotic women
Perfume, dress pretty.  See the DJ
He got the music flowing, party over here
Soul Train line going, have no fear
Ladies hypnotize with booties on the low
Players slide with cuties, dress spandex
So you know the ass out.  Niggas sweaty
Drunk, about to pass out, but fuck that
Hear your favorite song, to the floor, stagger back with a
Slight diddy bop though, stepping like the mack
Bitches roll in packs, eyes on money stacks
All dime pieces, none seemed wack
Soul come through speakers as sound.  Can you
Feel it?  Yeah, feel the love all around

[Hook: Fatman Scoop and (MF Grimm)]
Peep it.  Can we rock
A party? (Yeah, uh huh, you know that) Accumulate
The paper, son (Yeah, uh huh, we do that).  Time after
Time (Yeah, uh huh, we make hits)
International (We rule shit).  Ayyo, can we rock
A party? (Yeah, uh huh, you know that) Accumulate
The paper, son (Yeah, uh huh, we do that).  Time after
Time (Yeah, uh huh, we make hits)
International (We rule shit)

[Verse 3: MF Grimm]
Look
You come in here to have fun, don’t act up
No wins, you’re out-gunned a thousand to one
Represent Monsta Island, shine like the Sun, parties
Rocked straight from start, continue, never done
Five families unite, become one
Invisible on map, the world we run
Accumulate the papers, nonbelievers left stunned
What?!? (Stunned, baby)

[Hook: Fatman Scoop and (MF Grimm)]
Yo, can we rock
A party? (Yeah, uh huh, you know that) Accumulate
The paper, son (Yeah, uh huh, we do that).  Time after
Time (Yeah, uh huh, we make hits)
International (We rule shit)

[Outro: Fatman Scoop and MF Grimm]
Fatman Scoop: Yeah, don’t forget my man MF Grimm representing Monsta Island, forever styling, ghetto wiling!   Whoo!  It’s Fatman Scoop shining, shining—don’t forget soaking-wet.  Yeah, Monsta Island, where you at?  Never fake.  Yeah, lace ‘em, forever break ‘em
MF Grimm: We’re running through your hood.  Get your drink on, get your groove on, get your moves on