MF DOOM & MF Grimm - “Kava Kava Root + Poppy Seeds = Stress Box”
[Emcee(s): MF Grimm]
[Producer(s): MF DOOM (Original Instrumental from Metal Fingers - “Kava Kava Root”)]
[Sample (Melody): Teruo Nakamura - “Cat” (4:50)]

[Intro: MF Grimm]
Hello, you’ve reached the voicemail of Percy Carey.  Please leave your name and number, and I’ll get back to you as soon as possible.  Thank you

[Verse 1: MF Grimm]
Calling, talking ‘bout I’m mad at you
How I think I’m better than you
On the Island of Monsters, wish I stayed
Together, a move’s supposed to be made
Moves made with you don’t get me paid
Moves made with you only get me played
I’m in my own world, so leave me alone
Don’t have time to sit on the phone
If you’re really my friend, when we speak, we speak
Not bad-mouth me ‘cause I ain’t called in a week
Total concentration is on my spine
Chit-chat has its place in time
Broke long enough, so I choose to switch
Become filthy rich before I leave this bitch
After hearing this, if you don’t understand
Then I guess you never was my man

[Hook: MF Grimm]
MF
You don’t call no more
Nigga, why?  MF
You don’t call no more
Nigga, why?  MF
You don’t call no more
Nigga, why?  MF
You don’t call no more
Nigga, why?  Why?

[Verse 2: MF Grimm]
My concentration’s not on the one who shot at me
I’m wondering if I can take the pieces that fell out of me
Stick ‘em back inside of me, tie a knot in me, regenerate
Anatomy, damaged arteries gotta be
A way to shape my life like pottery
As God Welcomed me Back like Kotter be
Comas, angels shout at me
Humans never learn.  When will you learn?
Telling me how they despise man
From jump, knew we cause mischief in the land
And I wish God never made us
Found it so odd that He made us
Selfish, killing prophets that come save us
Deathwish, Apocalypse Now, God’ll slay us
Hell burns at different degrees
Optional Equator temperature, heat freeze
All that’s vain will be defeated
God told me to be seated
Scriptures?  Read it.  History repeated
Fulfill prophecies, wills needed
Millennium cyborgs drink lithium
Cranium, brain silicon, skull titanium
Spiritually, no forensics, made
Through cybernetics programmed to absorb phonetics
But truly could never feel semantics
Cyborgs revealed by antics
Earth out of orbit, man go frantic
Prophecies of floods now Atlantis
Water paint-based, smear the canvas

[Interlude: MF Grimm]
The picture’s fucked up.  You get it?  The picture’s fucked up

[Hook: MF Grimm]
MF
You don’t call no more
Nigga, why?  MF
You don’t call no more
Nigga, why?  MF
You don’t call no more
Nigga, why?  MF
You don’t call no more
Nigga, why?  Why?

[Outro: MF Grimm]
Hey, where you was at last night?  Uh, uh.  Why?  MF, you don’t call no more.  Why?