MF DOOM & MF Grimm ft. Kurious - “Mugwort + Cinnamon = Shifting Lanes”
[Emcee(s): Kurious and MF Grimm]
[Producer(s): MF DOOM (Original Instrumental from Metal Fingers - “Mugwort”)]
[Sample (Melody): Coke Escovedo - “Hangin’ On” (2:44)]

[Hook: MF Grimm and Kurious]
Fastlane, shift lanes as we pass lames
Spit flames at those playing mad games
Too Fast, Too Furious, Kurious
Speed Racer, Grimm Reaper start drag race
Metal Face, Metal Fingers build engine
Eat dust.  You chase, take last place
Burn clutch, lost speed plus lost mind
Crush dreams as we cross finish line

[Verse 1: Kurious and (MF Grimm)]
The Magician behind the wheel, (Grimm Reaper rides shotgun)
(Attack Metal Finger hot tracks), burn house down
(Kurious, Biolante, M.I.C.)
(Rocking shows with Mighty V.I.C.)
Living legends from the NYC
(Monsta Island is the MLB.  I’m)
(George), and Grimm is me
(Bottom line: you can’t fuck with we)
(You’re left on two) as we’re shifting to three
(Fastlane), shift lanes (as we pass lames)
(Stock rise), result is mad games
(Some tell big lies) just to get small change
(We’re here to put you on) just ‘cause some don’t know yet
(The two remain sane), but watch how crazy the dude get
(It’s no sweat)—we can do anything
(Descendants of many kings), New York champs with many rings

[Verse 2: MF Grimm]
Sticks and stones break bones, bullet break spirits
When body fall, destiny call—only you can hear it
Circumstances different when it’s your blood smeared
Fifty percent be anger, fifty percent be fear of the
Unknown.  Life retreat, Death come near.  No longer
Home, delete Earth.  I shed tears for
The steam, evaporated spiritual
And the dreams that die with the physical
And it seems you’re gonna need a miracle
Ween, resurrect back so biblical
Stable, no longer critical
Redeem, creep through using lyrical

[Verse 3: Kurious]
I step up, spit shit that’s out the stratosphere
Put the money in the bag, my brother.  We’re out of here
I spell it in attempts to make things clear
Put your act together, shift lanes, and get it in gear
I could be a good boy, save the game like Bruce Sutter
Get pissy on ‘em tell you, “Go fuck your mother”
“You look a little funny, kid”—I ain’t stutter
Kurious number one, go fuck your mother
Rhymes are freaking blades, me and Grimm is butter
Rhyme for freaking days, go fuck your mother
Shift lanes for big gains like no other
Come back for some love, sucker, bless your mother

[Interlude: Kurious]
Haha, that shit is bananas, man.  I don’t know about that one, man, but that shit is crazy.  It’s hilarious

[Hook: MF Grimm and Kurious]
Fastlane, shift lanes as we pass lames
Spit flames at those playing mad games
Too Fast, Too Furious, Kurious
Speed Racer, Grimm Reaper start drag race
Metal Face, Metal Fingers build engine
Eat dust.  You chase, take last place
Burn clutch, lost speed plus lost mind
Crush dreams as we cross finish line

[Outro: Kurious]
Yeah.  Yo, this is Kurious talking.  You know I be bugging with all that “go fuck your mother” and everything, but, yo, this rap thing is a blessing, and it’s beautiful, and we get down, me, GM Grimm, the whole fam, M.I.C