MF DOOM & MF Grimm - “My Love”
[Emcee(s): MF Grimm]
[Producer(s): MF DOOM (Original Instrumental from Metal Fingers - “All Spice”)]
[Sample (Melody): Sade - “Is It a Crime” (3:09 and 3:54)]

[Verse 1: MF Grimm]
One by one, bitch niggas get served as I
Touch nerves with these Special Herbs
Listen here: you’re great, but Grimm is greater
At shows, I’ll Roc with Raida
Mad Flows stays in deep theta
Hits on me are paid by haters
So, Lord, if they kill me and I don’t shine, please
Dispose my foes I expose in rhymes
Who knows my flows can’t be froze in time
And they chose evil jinns and pray I die, but
Glows as my halo, Grimm grows in size
Some friends wasn’t friends, so I cut my ties
I learned fake concerns live through true lies
They smile in your face, look you in your eyes
Absorb all your energy, they leave you dry
Too dehydrated to cry (“My love is”)

[Hook (Overlapped with Interlude 1): MF Grimm]
To my brothers trapped in the streets, through
Beats, I send my love
To my thugs that died at war, through
Slugs, I send my love
To the women that’s on their grind all
The time, I send my love
Loyalty is hard to find, so, to
The death, I give my love

[Interlude 1 (Overlapped with Hook): MF Grimm]
Yes.  That’s right.  Everybody, stand up.  Bust a shot in the air for a minute.  Uh

[Verse 2: MF Grimm]
Since little kids, some of us did shit.  We
Got older and colder.  Now
On each other, we plot to kill.  So
Many lives put under.  Some
Backstabbed, worked with police, cut deals
Niggas screamed they gotta eat and I’m their meal
They eat my flesh, they drink my blood
They shit me out and rat me out, helped
Lock me up and pat me down
Put me in the system, beat me down, so I
Beat the system—how you like me now?
Peep how I diss these punk-ass clowns
Loopholes in the law, I’ma hit the town
Take off my state greens, put on my crown
Show my competition I don’t around, and
There’s no competition pound-for-pound
And where they hang out is the burial ground, but
If I have my way, bodies won’t be found
Deep in the woods, no one hears a sound
Cricket.  Flash from the muzzle as I click it
JetBlue steel, one-way ticket
Grimm Reaper gets so wicked, kick it

[Interlude 2: MF Grimm]
Aw, fuck it (“My love is”)

[Hook (Overlapped with Outro): MF Grimm] (x2)
To my brothers trapped in the streets, through
Beats, I send my love
To my thugs that died at war, through
Slugs, I send my love
To the women that’s on their grind all
The time, I send my love
Loyalty is hard to find, so, to
The death, I give my love

[Outro (Overlapped with Hook): MF Grimm]
One more time.  Stand up, niggas.  Let’s go.  Manhattan.  New York City.  Here we come.  Here we come.  You don’t stop.  Uh, you don’t stop.  Uh, you don’t quit.  Grimm Reaper is the shit.  That’s right.  I’m gunning for you.  I’m coming for you.  Uh.  DJ Fisher, Day By Day Entertainment.  I’d like to introduce myself.  My name is Grimm Reaper.  The streets know.  Niggas in the street know who I am.  That’s why I get my love, and that’s who I show my love to.  I’m out.  Niggas see me in the street rolling, slap me five, say, “What up, Grimm?”