[Intro: Sample from Season 1 Episode 7 of Fist of the North Star (1984-1987) - “Villains! Shall We Have A Countdown to Death?”]
“Hahahahahaha!”

[Verse 1: King Geedorah]
Geedorah has arrived, you guys could take five
By the time it’s over, no snakes alive
Take the dive, I’m telling you, you’re better off
Then up against the flow that make her take her sweater off
From the setoff, when it came to scripts, he could hardly brag
It’s the result of concentration and lollygag
I said, “Yeah right.”  He pulled a mic out a snotty rag
Was sealed up air-tight, and wrapped up in a body bag
Get an advance and catch chance writer’s block.  After
Spending the first and last penny, my own worst enemy
Tell me if I’m OD and usual flow
And made deals with these cats who keep sending dough, so
The Three-Headed set it, never get busted
He’s a man of his word who’s not to be trusted
Beats encrypted, multi-faceted, encrusted
Sweaty palm, keep mic rusted
*Sort of mellow type of fellow
Who sometimes spaz on wife like Othello
Hell no.  He won’t use words like Illuminati
Or Gotti or shotty, he might use karate
Azar the Gaza caught cut, I’ll ask why
A mask with the ball-style caps saying, “That’s fly”
Exact dough ‘til it stack high
White hoe, black guy, the rap game black eye

[Verse 2: Jet Jaguar]
Exhilaration, Jet Jag’s accelerations
Touch speeds minds can’t conceive
Achieve altered altitudes and angles, angels answer
Aura, illumination, awesome interpretation
Awkward alarm, ankle house arrest
Who’s best?  Monsta Island Czars
Crush pawn dreams to be king
A frank reality, calculation could never be
Quest destined, distant competition dusted
Disgusted, race for second, crowded, clouded
Confusion, conclusion: simple, plain
Self-education, self-made millionaires
Serpents slithering, sidewinds searching
Stalking, heat-sensing, can’t have me
Jet Jag’s Rikki-Tikki-Tavi, superhero
Hit zero to sixty, hot pursuit, pedal to
The floor, handling
Lyrics, traction
Swerving left, right
Making head-fakes
Playing high stakes
Levitates
Quick!  Hit breaks, they fly past, hit wall, parts
Fly loose, killer mongoose

[Verse 3: Rodan]
Fake niggas continue to practice the art of intimidation
Sterile minds conceiving thought for artificial insemination
Syntax the sequence, arranging lessons so deliberate, making
Wise words clear, but population stay illiterate
Consider it.  Gods define power, fools get rid of it, men build
Dreams on promises but lacking the will to deliver it
Yo, I dissolve connivers like saliva on tic-tacs gone
Astray, but get the job done like socks that’s mismatched
Flip tracks, murder snakes, drunk niggas killing six packs
Choking on venom, suffering tricknological kickbacks
Poverty-stricken minds with thoughts barely worth two cents
Build history through time, linear design on blueprints
A nuisance lies in disguise, Eighty-Five Percent never knew
Wise men arise, pull files like Internal Revenue
Forever true, opposing self-evidence with leverage
Upset the beast belly, concoct homogenized beverage
Clever shit, calculated sabotage, Trojan Horse
Giftwrapped ambush, we put energy in motion that grows in force
Chosen swords strategically aligned throughout the underworld
God of Elevation kill Superman, rape Wondergirl
Police character decapitated, fake beings susceptible
To everyday occurrence, a fatal outcome’s inevitable

[Verse 4: King Geedorah]
Might as well join the force
Boss.  Chance?  Take a loss like a coin-toss
Roll with a double-headed nickel
While the partner Jet Jag with the sickle, you in a pickle
King Geedorah, your ass better leave him alone
‘Fore he cold-catch a seizure and leave you blown
If he ain’t the best, he’s the best in
The top three out of myself, I, and me
Put on your thinking caps
Or act like you had a slight inkling perhaps
Or get smacked back in the ring like Bob
Backlund, ink jet-black, you wack

[Outro: Samples]
[Sample from Season 1 Episode 7 of Fist of the North Star (1984-1987) - “Villains! Shall We Have A Countdown to Death?”]
“Hahahahahaha!”
“Hey, what’s the meaning of this?”
“Shut up!”
[Sample from Godzilla vs. King Ghidorah (1991)]
“Hahahahahahahaha, young man”