MF Grimm ft. Megalon - “Rain Blood”
[Emcee(s): Megalon]
[Producer(s): Metal Fingers (Original Instrumental from Metal Fingers - “Four Thieves Vinegar”)]
[Sample (Melody): Gino Vannelli - “Appaloosa” (0:06 and 0:26)]

[Hook: Megalon]
Blood came from the drug game, scrub the bloodstains from the rug
Love pain for the thug names slugging the brain of a judge
Let it rain blood ‘cause that’s the same judge that shackled chained thugs
Black crew, main love was rapping dangerous
Two claps to those cats who dangerous, holding the same grudge
Natural bangers, too black, too famous, rain blood
Rain blood (Rain blood), rain blood (Rain blood, rain blood)
(Rain blood, rain blood, rain blood, rain blood)

[Verse 1: Megalon]
X marks
Your stupid shit, I shot your heart with the dart of cupid shit
Started to Luger shit, rhyming cap retarded, cute shit.  Twenty-two
Roof shit.  Take two sips.  A rap fiend addicted to
The music, ready to lose it, kicking strictly true shit
You bring a gun?  Then buck that.  What you gonna do, bitch?
When I said, “Prove it,” you didn’t do shit—no excuses
I’ll scrap ‘til the end, go home with bumps and bruises
I’m getting sick and tired of young punks with Lugers
Gun in the trunk.  Punk, I brought y’all bazookas
Peace to all the losers, peace to all the troopers, little man
Movers, hand-to-hand doers.  Fake niggas wanna
Shoot us, but you just walk past
In you army fatigues—we got mad of these, Avirexes like
Casualties.  I need an army with trees.  Twenty-two
Paint their panties.  Pay their penny, Tommy, you’re deep.  Police
Mayday, mayday, word to mommy and my CD’s beats
To all the grimy, Tommy grimy indeed.  You try me
You’re trying to see jaw lighting with speed
Every day, I look Black Geezus in the face.  He wasn’t
A devil, he was an angel standing in one place, bleeding
From place where you could see it—one in the waist, one in
The face.  You’re watching movies, turn around and wanna beat it
Don’t believe it.  You won’t achieve it—I can see it.  You can see
That I’ma tell you three things, then I’ma leave it.  No hesi-
-tation, nigga, peep it.  Watch who you hang with and be with
The nation is defeated—Revelations, nigga, read it ‘cause in
The Last Days, The Beast is gonna come arrest this nation
I’m in arrest, waiting, under investigation.  Police
Talk about me.  Paid lawyer?  It had to be.  Fake
Judge said, “You got a G.”  I had a G, earn a decent
Salary, got the Long Beach Precinct mad at me, thirty-three
G’s on my head, dirty D.T.’s nabbing me
Forced arrest, grabbing me, nightsticks stabbing me, but I ain’t
Having me getting fucked up by a battery
Backs fake, police fatality, stay mad at me, it had to be
The saddest day of their life when a cop died
It was the gladdest day of my life, and it’s even more trife.  Every-
-thing they say in the night, and they don’t pray right, and when
He died, my mans pissed on his gravesite, prayed on
His wife in broad daylight, he fucked the broad the same night
Now that’s a goddamn shame, right?  When you send
Me mail in jail, spell my goddamn name right.  I vi-
-sualized a bunch of crippled guys telling crazy new lies
I’m telling stories about the baby-blue eyes, police
That’s bombing ya, the dough, I’m only telling true lies
Looking through the eyes of Bob Marley, watching buddha rise, rain
Blood (Rain blood (Rain blood), rain blood), rain
Blood (Rain blood (Rain blood), rain blood)

[Hook: Megalon]
The blood
Came from the drug game, scrub the bloodstains from the rug
Love pain for the thug names slugging the brain of a judge, and let it
Rain blood ‘cause that’s the same judge that shackled chained thugs
Black crew, main love was rapping dangerous
Two claps to those cats who dangerous, holding the same grudge
Natural bangers, too black, too famous, rain blood
Rain blood (Rain blood), rain blood (Rain blood)
Rain blood (Rain blood).  Tommy Gunn

[Verse 2: Megalon]
Turn off
The Luger.  I’ll rock rap, every move’ll bruise ya.  Cock
Back your German Luger, miss, and I’ll return to shoot ya, slugs
Burning through your chest, through your vest, through your flesh.  Buddha
Blessed, staying true for test, gun smoke like a buddhafest
Through your vest.  Three to nine rhymes we design free the mind
Over self-confidence, the sequel of being blind
Earth Day, September, shrimp dinner.  November, see me
In the winter.  December, you see me and you drop dead, red
Three-and-a-quarter ripped.  I’m baptized, my daughter watched the water drip
Playing the game that’s out of order, knocking off a quarter brick
So far, better me and no one together, rocking golds and leather
Holding letters, frozen cheddar, rolling in a stolen Jetta
Reclining.  Fashion designer crying
Relying on buying.  Eyeing, we’re marching off to Zion, mastered
The art of rhyming, perfect timing, shining like a diamond, try and
Drop a diamond.  1999, a nigga dying ‘cause in
The Last Days, The Beast is gonna come arrest this nation
I’m in arrest, waiting, under investigation.  Police
Talk about me.  Paid lawyer?  It had to be.  Fake
Judge said, “You got a G.”  I had a G, earn a decent
Salary, got the Long Beach Precinct mad at me, thirty-three
G’s on my head, dirty D.T.’s nabbing me
Forced arrest, grabbing me, nightsticks stabbing me, but I ain’t
Having me getting fucked up by a battery
Backs fake, police fatality, stay mad at me, it had to be
The saddest day of their life when a cop died
Hahahaha