Superstar Jet Jaguar  - “Rotten”
[Emcee(s): Superstar Jet Jaguar (AKA GM Grimm/MF Grimm)]
[Producer(s): Looie II]

[Intro: Superstar Jet Jaguar (AKA GM Grimm/MF Grimm)]
Oh, hey parents, this one here is not for the kids, alright?  So if you hear ‘em playing it, tell ‘em to cut it off ‘cause it ain’t for them.  This is personal, you feel me?  Yeah, you understand.  I know you understand.  Well, um, alright.  They probably left the room now
This go out to you motherfuckers

[Hook: Superstar Jet Jaguar (AKA GM Grimm/MF Grimm)] (x2)
I live forever, I’m not to be forgotten
I live forever, scheming, plotting
I live forever, I’ve killed and I’ve been shotten
I live forever, I’ve lived my life so rotten

[Verse 1: Superstar Jet Jaguar (AKA GM Grimm/MF Grimm)]
God judge, but the Devil is the jury
Hell’s the fury, Heaven’s so blurry
Indicted in a hurry, shoot us with Dirty Harry
United States government versus Percy Carey
Prosecutors careful, snitches give an earful
Entrapment how it went, my freedom they prevent
Fuck ‘em, I’ll prevail torture, jail ‘cause I’m
A spade like Jack who made like Gotti
Shade the illuminati, light dim
Mad Flows Grimm, few knows him
Few love him, most hate him
Ghost haunt him, Feds hunt him
Dead want him, die he don’t
Die he won’t.  Multiply, work
Stack bricks, pack black burner
Jay Black people rap for people
There’s none equal, there’s none equal
There’s none equal, there’s none equal
Bullets echo, Grimm grabbed like ankles
Feds know he’s grimy, he turned blocks to Waco
Earth wretched, prophets profit
Life shitty in the City of Gotham
Enemies?  I’ll spot them, shoot them, I’ll
Salute them, execute them.  Therefore

[Hook: Superstar Jet Jaguar (AKA GM Grimm/MF Grimm)] (x2)
I live forever, I’m not to be forgotten
I live forever, scheming, plotting
I live forever, I’ve killed and I’ve been shotten
I live forever, I’ve lived my life so rotten

[Verse 2: Superstar Jet Jaguar (AKA GM Grimm/MF Grimm)]
An army full of murderers, demons, felons
Crack, coke, dope-selling, put
Guns to your head, spit seeds out your melon.  I’ve
Seen tough niggas crumble, turn snakes, start telling (Snitches)
All will be slayed, for money or for free
Lay in your grave if you fuck with me ‘cause I’m
The real thing, there’s not too many like me.  I keep
Foes in fear, I don’t give a fuck if they like me
I keep their hoes near, we fuck if they like me
Make moves with my people on the quest to make millions
I’d rather move these units and sell in millions
I’m stuck in the game of drug deals and killings
But if I’m found dead, bullets filled, blood spilling, still
I live forever

[Interlude 1: Superstar Jet Jaguar (AKA GM Grimm/MF Grimm)]
You 3rd-dimensional people don’t understand what I’m talking about right now ‘cause I’m dealing with the 4th dimension and beyond.  So if you do, sing it with me

[Hook: Superstar Jet Jaguar (AKA GM Grimm/MF Grimm)] (x2)
I live forever, I’m not to be forgotten
I live forever, scheming, plotting
I live forever, I’ve killed and I’ve been shotten
I live forever, I’ve lived my life so rotten

[Verse 3: Superstar Jet Jaguar (AKA GM Grimm/MF Grimm)]
To your
Cheek, firmly placed the sawed-off
Touch trigger and rip your jaw off
Police rushed scene, they get jumped on
Mind your motherfucking business or get dumped on
Through skulls, holes like a whiffle ball
Prepare for retaliation, if at all
Crew got no balls or vagina
Talk major shit, but their moves are minor
Bitch nigga, run around.  You’re bragging
Like you a killer, but now you they bagging
Murder?  It’s a business, no shame
Don’t bitch up now, nigga, play the game
Blood for blood, eye for eye, nothing
Sweet.  Let your guns talk, nigga, keep it street
Retreat.  Niggas done died for me to eat.  That’s
What you’re hinting?  Guns bust off like Bill Clinton

[Hook: Superstar Jet Jaguar (AKA GM Grimm/MF Grimm)] (x2)
I live forever, I’m not to be forgotten
I live forever, scheming, plotting
I live forever, I’ve killed and I’ve been shotten
I live forever, I’ve lived my life so rotten

[Interlude 2: Superstar Jet Jaguar (AKA GM Grimm/MF Grimm)]
Mad love to the Day By Day family.  My brother Looie II, ADUM.  We in here, we’re doing it up.  Roc Raida, X-Ecutioners for life.  Fatman Scoop.  We’re all immortal, baby.  DJ Fisher.  You know, the family grows.  My brother Voodoo, no doubt.  Wreck this shop.  M.I.C., Monsta Island Czars for life

[Outro: Superstar Jet Jaguar (AKA GM Grimm/MF Grimm) and Sample]
[Superstar Jet Jaguar (AKA GM Grimm/MF Grimm)]
Hey parents, you can let your kids back in the room.  I’m sorry, man, I... I just had to get that off my chest, you know?  OK, alright.  Go to the next song, man, that’s OK.  Who pressed “Play” again?
[Sample]
“I see.  Well, stay where you are.  Who knows?  You might get a chance to take it under control again”
“I’ll try”