Superstar Jet Jaguar - “Stable”
[Emcee(s): Superstar Jet Jaguar (AKA GM Grimm/MF Grimm)]
[Producer(s): Zero Point]

[Intro: Sample from Godzilla vs.  Megalon (1973)]
Goro Ibuki: Jet Jaguar, come down!  Jet Jaguar, come down!  He’s programmed himself for survival.  I built that into him.  He’s on his own
Hiroshi Jinkawa: You sure?  You mean he’ll simply operate on his own from now on?  Without further orders from you?

[Verse 1: Superstar Jet Jaguar (AKA GM Grimm/MF Grimm)]
Try to stop me from my destiny?  There’s so many
They wanna see me broke down and out without a penny
They come with microphones and with these beats, I gotta crush ‘em
They come with guns?  I’m from the streets—you know I gotta bust ‘em
A lot of nigga run their mouth and just talk about it
But when them guns are banging, nigga, gotta be about it
You get shot up, you gotta try to keep composure
Don’t lose you focus, no dozing.  Your eyes?  Don’t close them
Realize it’s just a test and I am chosen
Rise up, show I’m the best and keep going
Shot up, two collapsed lungs, but still flowing
Shoot up, six-foot-three, I’m still growing
Heat it up, got your block hot—at night, it’s glowing
Beat it up, I wear these niggas down and it’s showing
“Slow it up, speed it up.”  Nigga, I did it all
I fucked with “Life and Death,” “I’ve seen them rise and fall”
I “Took ‘Em All to War” with “Money On My Brain”
Played with “Emotions,” Scars & Memories show pain
Severely wounded, but, still, I function
Losing in the game of life is not an option
This anger’s not for those that’s friends with me
This is for all my enemies, you motherfuckers I
Destroy.  Get the fuck out my path—you’re interfering with me
Go against me, nigga, you don’t want no dealings with me
You try to be disrespectful, stay some stupid shit
You don’t understand who you fucking with
You don’t understand where I get my power from
You don’t understand, nonbeliever doubt them
You don’t understand what it’s like to lose your spine
You don’t understand what it’s like to lose your mind
You don’t understand open fire, filled with slugs
You don’t understand losing everything you love
You don’t understand what it’s like not feeling
You don’t understand I’m numb when I’m killing
You don’t understand death when the trigger’s pulled
You don’t understand that life is so beautiful
You don’t understand I’m homicidal, suicidal
You don’t understand all I know is death and violence
You don’t understand how I keep smiling
You don’t understand when I’m smiling, I’m really crying
You don’t understand when I’m crying, I’m really laughing
You don’t understand when I laugh, I’m really angry
You don’t understand when I’m angry, I start smiling
You don’t understand how I keep on smiling

[Hook: Superstar Jet Jaguar (AKA GM Grimm/MF Grimm)]
You don’t understand, you don’t understand
All my friends, please pray for me.  I’m not
Stable.  You don’t understand
All my enemies, stay the fuck away from me.  I’m not
Stable.  You don’t understand, you don’t understand
All my friends, please pray for me.  I’m not
Stable.  You don’t understand
All my enemies, stay the fuck away from me.  I’m not
Stable

[Verse 2: Superstar Jet Jaguar (AKA GM Grimm/MF Grimm)]
Will
I live to be an old man?  I doubt it.  Maybe
I’m hell-bound—before I go, I’ll save the babies
Feds lurking around me—yes, I know you’re watching.  Evil
Army is coming for me, I hear ‘em marching
My legs, they’re gone, so, no, there’ll be no running
Situation: gun in my hand—yes, I’ll face ‘em
They hate me.  My skin is black and hair nappy
I’m sad while living on planet but trigger-happy
I’m mad, I’m screaming out, “So Whatcha Want Nigga?!?”
Get at ‘em?  I do more than that—I get in ‘em
Spit venom.  Shatter like glass, I’ll go through ‘em
He’s smoking.  Fucking with me, I gotta school ‘em.  I
Destroy.  Get the fuck out my path—you’re interfering with me
Go against me, nigga, you don’t want no dealings with me
You try to be disrespectful, stay some stupid shit
You don’t understand who you fucking with
You don’t understand what it’s like to be in chains
You don’t understand what it’s like to be a slave
You don’t understand what it’s like to burn in flames
You don’t understand not knowing pain when there is pain
You don’t understand what it’s like not feeling alive
You don’t understand you want to die but you survive
You don’t understand surviving but you’re really dead
You don’t understand that dead is only in your head
You don’t understand what it’s like to lose your halo
You don’t understand I plot like I’m Roy DeMeo
You don’t understand you shouldn’t act so fucking rowdy
You don’t understand I’ll kill you and I’ll hide your body
You don’t understand your brother’s brain blow in your face
You don’t understand the blood drip down your face, you taste it
You don’t understand you’re gone; you’re talking to the Devil
You don’t understand like Spawn, you ask the Devil help you
You don’t understand fall from grace with broken wing
You don’t understand one day, you pay for everything
You don’t understand one day, you pay for everything
You don’t understand you’ll never hear them angels sing

[Outro: Sample from Godzilla vs.  Megalon (1973)]
Hiroshi Jinkawa: Look at it now.  It’s all over the place
Goro Ibuki: Yeah, because it’s lost its control