MF Grimm - “Steal It”
[Emcee(s): MF Grimm]
[Producer(s): J. Marty]

[Verse 1: MF Grimm]
I know you’re mad ‘cause I’m not kicking street shit
Gun shit, bullshit, bust shit, bullshit
Man, fuck Grimm.  That nigga’s on some new shit
Fronting in these magazines like he don’t do shit
But don’t you understand they don’t want you to be shit?
Don’t you understand they expect you to cop shit?
Cook shit, cut shit, sell shit, smoke shit
Now look: I’m not telling you, “Be on some broke shit”
All I’m saying: there’s other ways to do shit
Bright shit, write shit, legit shit, cool shit
Create shit, corporate, build shit, improve shit
Nothing’s impossible, mountains you can move shit
You’re unstoppable, model on some smooth shit
Media focus on the negative and push shit
Put the world in an uproar, straight George Bush shit
It’s time for us to switch shit.  From
The pyramids, mysteries, snatched from Africa
Put us into slavery—that’s how long we’ve been
Wearing all this jewelry on our wrists and ankles
They stole our history, now we’re no one
Why you wanna fuck with me?  No, I’m not stable
You never will get rid of me, I’m immortal
Disappointed  Pardon me, gotta take a stand
These motherfuckers telling me that I’m not a man
Planet of the Apes, you see, Caesar got a plan
Communication’s everything, don’t let ‘em know you can.  Spooks are
Sitting by the door, we gotta get the upper hand
Forty acres and a mule is not enough, man

[Hook: MF Grimm]
Three-fifths red, white
And blue.  Hello
America.  Leave us red, black
And blue.  Hello
America.  All the shit we’ve been
Through.  Hello
America  All my tears are
For you.  Hello
America

[Bridge: MF Grimm]
Your creations, they’ll (Steal it)
Elections, they’ll (Steal it)
Your family (Steal it)
The whole nation (Steal it)

[Verse 2: MF Grimm]
They got me
Labeled under terrorism, but how could the fucking
Devil do an exorcism?  Talking ‘bout killing
My people, then this shit is cool, but if I rhyme about
Love, then I’m a fucking fool or I’m weak ‘cause
Now I wanna build schools for the babies, make
Sure that they have tools to stay alive, health-
-care, life insurance, dental, equal balance, strong
Physical and the mental.  Never will I
Surrender.  We’re tough, man, so all
Around my chariot is the ghost of Harriet
George Bush to me is a straight-up devil
John Kerry’s down with him, he ain’t no better
Sticks and stones and skulls and bones, they wear the same sweater
Oil one connives, the other one squeeze hinds
Main goal for either one’s to fuck with our minds
Subliminal messages stuck in our minds
Bad vibes all around overwhelm the air
Manipulating frequencies that you can’t hear
And these little cameras that you just can’t see
Uncle Sam is dressed in drag ‘cause he’s a queen bee
And you’re just a worker, United States the beehive
What’s wrong with Grimm?  He’s no longer lyrical
His flow is simple, but thoughts are so radical
Death’s all I know, so I don’t give a fuck—what?!?


[Hook (Overlapped with Outro): MF Grimm]
Three-fifths red, white
And blue.  Hello
America.  Leave us red, black
And blue.  Hello
America.  All the shit we’ve been
Through.  Hello
America  All my tears are
For you

[Outro: MF Grimm]
Dance to this.  Everybody get on the dance floor, dance to this shit.  Dance.  Dance in the street