[Intro: Sample]
...that when we talk about war, we’re really talking about peace

[Hook: MF Grimm]
Street general
MF Grimm declares
War
Street general, MF Grimm declares
War.  Street general
Street general

[Verse 1: MF Grimm]
If you
Relate with my life, that’s great.  If you can’t, that’s
Even better ‘cause I don’t want you to feel me
Just playing the cards life chose to deal me
Choking while government proceeds to hang me
Burn neck from strangling, laugh while dangling
Live, stand.  America delight me when I’m angrying
Bruce Banner, star spangling
Wreck perspective, on angles, mangling
Life in purgatory.  To death, we’re tangling
Echo in your ears ringing ‘em, guns banging while
You’re bling-bling jingling, Mr. Bojangling
Off-beat, on-beat, concrete-jungle-juggling
Organizing riots, tier-threes, box I’m bugging in
Visits by Jay Black, so I’m hugging him
Box with me to guide me, I’m not leaving him.  ‘Til
I return to the essence, you best believe I’m breathing him
Nozzle fire freeze foes, grovel form engraving ‘em
Invisible tombstones and bones how I’m slaying ‘em
Platinum, alloyed iridium, idiots’ idol
Ignoring ironic, igniting ice and idioms
Brain bionic, Johnny Mnemonic when I spit ‘em, I
Smash his glass mic, and the crowd just pity him
‘Cause, at one point in life, they were feeling him
Now they’re mad at me ‘cause what I did to him, but I’m
A grown-ass man, dawg thought he had a kid with him

[Hook: MF Grimm]
Street general, MF Grimm declares
War
Street general
Street general
MF Grimm declares
War
Street general

[Verse 2: MF Grimm]
Burn
Enemy asses like an acid enema
Emasculating, penetrating enamel who gamble
Annihilating perpetrating soloists in pairs
Anti-Emancipating, Solomon’s dares
Optimize demise of lies for materialistic
Wearers of Jacob ice that glares from
The hypnotizing Sun to pupils of the people who’s
Perverted purpose is pull position past others
To possess nonsense novelties
Scratching the itch, allergic to poverty
Chuck D said, “Fight powers that be,” but house
Niggas, out of spite, burn fields and fight we
To show those who oppress us the best that Lord
Knows these niggas ain’t nothing like we—they
Refuse to eat the glorious fruit
From the poisonous tree, so
How can they lose, be beat, or at least bruised
If they don’t seek to reap the rewards of the ripe, glorious
Fruit from the poisonous tree?  From the fruit, they
Flee—massa, they not like the boys and me.  Your
Slave, Percy Carey, he’s the one in the lead
Show his ass a lesson, whip him ‘til he bleeds
Trying to teach the babies?  Hang him from a tree
Let them stay illiterate, don’t let them niggas read
Rain or shine’s on my mind, so I’m screaming out, “Shaheed”
I’m aware I’m a medium of different type of sources
Heartless, vandalized by several different forces
Laughing at my misfortune, forces are remorseless
I ride love and anger like well-conditioned horses
Runaway slave saying, “Try, nigga, try”
Brainwave stays crying, “Why, nigga, why?”
Like they’re concerned, but these spy niggas spies
What they’re really saying is, “Die, nigga, die”
Trying to break me, but they don’t know me
Whip me savage, say my name is Toby
Before I submit to the one who think they’re master
I’ma take aim and empty out my pistol
Born at war, started out a soldier
Now have four stars tattooed on each shoulder
Street general, MF Grimm declares
War

[Hook: MF Grimm]
Street general, MF Grimm declares
War.  Street general
Street general
Street general
MF Grimm declares
War
Street general

[Outro: MF Grimm and George Bush Samples]
[MF Grimm]
This shit is crazy, Marty.  I hear Bush.  I hear, I hear Bush.  Aagghh.  I’m either hearing voices or I’m hearing George W
[George Bush Samples]
“I believe that people whose skins aren’t necessarily... or, or a different color than white can sell guns and have a great sense of optimism and possibility”
“Listen, this nation is committed to dealing with poverty.  First, let me make it very clear: poor people aren’t necessarily killers.  Just because you happen to be not rich, doesn’t mean you’re willing to kill”