Count Bass D & DJ Crucial ft. MF Grimm - “That's Good”
[Emcee(s): MF Grimm and Count Bass D]
[Producer(s): Count Bass D and DJ Crucial]
[Scratches: DJ Crucial]

[Intro: MF Grimm]
Yo, my name is MF Grimm.  I was brought in this game by Large Professor.  He stood by me, man, when I was out in the streets, man, making this money.  He stood by me when people was out there saying:

[Verse 1: MF Grimm]
That’s good for MF Grimm, he got shot
Trying to be a gangster, he got knocked
Life on the back, prison, got locked in
A wheelchair, money ain't the same ‘cause he fucked up
Word on the street: the nigga's homeless
His main boys got murdered, so he’s crew-less
Drugs in space, now he's weightless
Ha, ha, ha, that nigga's useless
Screaming that he's thorough, but it's talk
How could he be?  He can't walk
Has his own company?  That's a lie
Distribute music... what?!? (Music... what?!?)
It don't compute, so get the fuck
Out of here with that
And his flow, that shit is wack
Got lucky, caught a break with G Rap
But then nothing came through after that
In the chair, sold dope, coke, and crack
Washed-up, he’s a disgrace to Jay Black
While shooting forward to the future, going back like
To Cali.  Percy Carey?  He’s a clown
I'm so glad they laid him down
Fake pretty boy who’s so vain
I enjoy his pain
He could never be like Jay-Z or Nas
Purgatory, his life is on pause
He paralyzed—that's another flaw
He's washed-up, never was raw

[Hook: Samples with Scratches by DJ Crucial]
“Trying to make ends meet and not die in the roughest streets” - Sample from The Grimm Reaper - “So Whatcha Want N----! (Radio Version)”
“Suckers keep stepping” - Sample from Buckshot on Black Moon - “Who Got Da Props?”
“Trying to make ends meet and not die in the roughest streets” - Sample from The Grimm Reaper - “So Whatcha Want N----! (Radio Version)”
“Suckers keep stepping” - Sample from Buckshot on Black Moon - “Who Got Da Props?”
“Trying to make ends meet and not die in the roughest streets” - Sample from The Grimm Reaper - “So Whatcha Want N----! (Radio Version)”

[Interlude: Count Bass D]
Yo, my name is Count Bass D.  I was brought in this game by Pete Nice.  He was standing by me when I was a darling in the industry.  Richard Williams stood by me when cats around the city was all saying:

[Verse 2: Count Bass D]
That's good for Count Bass D, he got dropped
Trying to play that jazz shit, the whole album flopped
Working at a drycleaner, fell in love on some dumb shit
Ten years later, got three or four more kids
Mad dudes robbed, and we didn’t even deal with it
Disrespected in his home, getting slapped up and shit
Niggas say, “He's slept on,” others say, “It's weird shit”
Slim brother six feet, can drink like a fish
And he ain't ?uestlove, and he ain't Mos Def
And he ain't Kayne, and he ain't Q-Tip
Groupie for Martha Stewart, the nigga's fucking crazy
Always drinking Guinness and talking ‘bout the old days
(Old days, old days, old days, old days)

[Hook: Samples with Scratches by DJ Crucial]
“Trying to make ends meet and not die in the roughest streets” - Sample from The Grimm Reaper - “So Whatcha Want N----! (Radio Version)”