MF Grimm - “The Original (DJ Fakts One Remix)”
[Emcee(s): MF Grimm]
[Producer(s): Fakts One]
[Scratches: Fakts One]

[Hook: Samples with Scratches by Fakts One]
“I’m the original” - Sample from Biz Markie on Marley Marl ft. Biz Markie and Heavy D - “We Write the Songs” (x4)

[Verse 1: MF Grimm]
There’s only
One Grimm Reaper.  Yes, there’s only one me.  Niggas
Try to steal my name and fame, but they’re all my sons
Slap-box with spirits, knuckle up with omens
Try to bite my flowing, and your mouth be foaming
Act hard, I’ll murder each one of ‘em, toast, roast
The back of their heads, but blew brains two yards in front of ‘em
Done with ‘em, now they’re all forgotten
‘Cause I pick fights the way slaves pick cotton
Grimm Reaper AKA the Grinch, I’ve been hated for
A while, on trial, mind state murder
Pre-meditated, evidence is my twelve-inch
Chilling with D-Smooth, ‘Pac, and also Vince
Murders mapped out in every measure, bury enemies
Like they’re treasure, give The Reaper so much pleasure
Lyrics are kept in stacks, knapsacks, and mental racks
Rhymes so crazy, Son of Sam did half my tracks
Necks?  I wring them.  Crews?  I fling them
Bring them all, I’ll destroy your whole kingdom
I see all these niggas in the video and I wonder if
They’re individually pussy and know safety is in numbers
All big-head rappers, I will diss them.  The world is
Too little—Grimm Reaper run the fucking solar system
I got Mad Flows.  Yeah, you stole some
You thought you had the cookie, but you only had the cookie crumbs
Slash throats in verbal combat.  You stretch
Your brain to the limit—well, I stretch mine beyond that
Send all pawns, I roll with knights and rooks
If looks can kill, then your crew killed with looks
I battle ten men.  What’s dying?  Ten men
For those who scheme on, Dream On like Brian Benben
Master loose-leaf, but rhyme books tight
Not afraid to face death ‘cause I know what he looks like

[Hook: Samples with Scratches by Fakts One]
“I’m the original” - Sample from Biz Markie on Marley Marl ft. Biz Markie and Heavy D - “We Write the Songs” (x2)

[Verse 2: MF Grimm]
Miscarriage, all thoughts impregnated
Abort pre-actions, dreams are terminated
Your cranium’s transparent, I can see
Right through you, plus your speech is incoherent
Distortions of dialect communication
Now I gotta stomp y’all like communism
As you paradox, I’m rock-solid like a prism
Since paralyzed, I don’t paint pretty pictures
In my lyric books, hips hop holy scriptures
Aggravated ‘cause my spine’s severed.  I rhyme
Forever.  Dime a dozen?  Pshhh.  Me?  Never
Legs can’t move, but, in my head, I dance.  I wear a
Hobo straightjacket with crooked pants
As your shit go “blao-blao,” shit go “blucka-blucka!”
Step to me and crash, motherfuckers, like a sleepy trucker
If you try to front like you’re all that, I’ll send
You mail, but all mail sent will be black
‘Cause you tell lies of white, claim you’re right, but out of
A hundred percent of rappers, ninety-nine percent bite
A sniper bullet derailed me, but, like I said with
KMD, all hail me

[Hook: Samples with Scratches by Fakts One]
“I’m the original” - Sample from Biz Markie on Marley Marl ft. Biz Markie and Heavy D - “We Write the Songs” (x4)