MF Grimm ft. Baron of Red Clay - “The Trees”
[Emcee(s): MF Grimm]
[Producer(s): Sid V (of Duo Live)]
[Vocals: Baron of Red Clay]

[Verse 1: MF Grimm]
Lost a dear friend today, he passed in his house
Felt bad, died alone, he had no spouse
Took him for granted, thought tomorrow I would see him
If I live to his age, I wanna be just like him
(‘Cause) ‘Cause he was an African king
Super knocked on his door, couldn’t wake him
For some reason, God chose to take him
Now I don’t have a chance to get closer
God never told me that he had cancer
Tears dropped from my eyes, lost composure
Left, flowers at the door for some closure
He was a cheerful old man
Who always had a smile on his face
And I could never understand
How, every morning, he could water the trees.  He said
“Inhale, exhale.  You gotta give back”
He made me so proud to be black
Educated, well in his seventies
Good person, attitude heavenly
Told him about the street wars and I’m a vet.  He’d
Laugh, told me, “You haven’t even lived yet”
I’m a Yankee fan, he loved the Mets
Who would win the World Series?  We would bet.  See?
In my family, most the males are dead.  It was
Cool to have a man who knew about life
You told me I had a good woman
And don’t be a fool—I better make her my wife
Although today is my birthday
For God’s gift, yes, I cried
Ninety degrees is the temperature
The dirt outside is very dry ‘cause

[Hook: MF Grimm with Background Vocals by Baron of Red Clay] (x2)
You did not water the trees
That’s how we realized something’s wrong
I should have reached out, but now
It’s too late, I took way too long
I’m proud to have the chance to
Know you ‘cause your presence was strong
You might not be famous, but
Everybody deserves a song

[Outro: MF Grimm with Background Vocals by Baron of Red Clay]
Mr. Herman.  You’re our guardian angel.  We all miss you.  Think about you as I water the trees.  And also realize that, actually, we are your trees.  The knowledge you give us is nothing but water.  This one is hard.  From a male who don’t know his father...