MF Grimm ft. Monsta Island Czars (ft. Superstar Jet Jaguar, Gamma-Ra, Destroyah, and RAVAGE) - “The Path”
[Emcee(s): Superstar Jet Jaguar (AKA MF Grimm), Gamma-Ra (AKA Majesty), Destroyah (AKA MF MEZ), and RAVAGE (AKA MeccaGodZilla)]
[Producer(s): Lyrical Graffiti]
[Scratches: Lyrical Graffiti]

[Intro: Gamma-Ra (AKA Majesty)]
Yeah, it’s M.I.C. (Y’all been sleeping).  MF Grimm, RAVAGE (What up?), Destroyah (We’re here), Gamma-Ra.  We’re kicking down building, we’re stomping through the city.  (Yo Grimm) If we can’t eat, can’t nobody eat (I think these cats are sleeping on the team, fam.  Yo, set it on ‘em)

[Verse 1: Superstar Jet Jaguar (AKA MF Grimm)]
Demonically possessed, cast spells with rap
Superhuman strength, speak in tongues, levitating rhyme
Without lungs, radioactive/radio active unless main-
-stream, known to crush dreams, awake from sleep
No GPS, lost on Elm Street (Elm Street)
Hypnotic beats, deep theta, deltas
Beta, and beta’s alpha, even in delta
I penetrate way beyond X-ray
Money, hoped to get green, turned mean
Flow flip gamma, grammar
Manipulate molecular structure, restriction
Cellular sanctions, stars turn pulsar
Fiction, friction, factions in fractions
Cyclops can’t see eye-to-eye with cataracts
Visines or battle axe, I’m
Steve Job with a MAC-11
Beef with me, then I’ma kill it, grill it
Squeeze trigger, pop a villain, make him feel it
‘Til he can’t feel it.  Superstar Jet
Jaguar grow bigger.  You’re a stick figure
Nigga (Nigga), you ain’t real (Nigga)

[Hook: Superstar Jet Jaguar (AKA MF Grimm) and Gamma-Ra (AKA Majesty) with Scratches by Lyrical Graffiti]
Get the fuck out my path, you’re interfering with me
Go against me, nigga, you don’t want no dealings with me
I brought some killers with me, villains that’s really gritty
Gorillas still in the city.  By force, you gotta feel us

[Verse 2: Gamma-Ra (AKA Majesty)]
We travel amongst you daywalkers in the flesh.  With my
Convent of brothers, loving nothing less than the
Success you’d expect from blood, tears, and sweat
Above fear, respect, you thugs clear the deck
We won’t budge unless all the demands met
All of the fam fed, and none of our hands red
Until then, we defend the fort with four quarters
Extend my pen, transcend to four corners
I see the Four Horses, but our Monstas are stronger
Three-headed dragons is asking for the torture
No meetings at the table, this the final offer
I’ll let you live, kill myself, and then I’ll haunt ya
You’re dealing with a monster with venomous rhetoric
Chiseled tablets of scripture recorded, then peddle it
Amongst all these devils, kids, a few rise that’s Heaven-sent
You don’t really want it in the past, future, or present tense
(Present tense)

[Hook: Superstar Jet Jaguar (AKA MF Grimm) and Gamma-Ra (AKA Majesty) with Scratches by Lyrical Graffiti]
Get the fuck out my path, you’re interfering with me
Go against me, nigga, you don’t want no dealings with me
I brought some killers with me, villains that’s really gritty
Gorillas still in the city.  By force, you gotta feel us

[Verse 3: Destroyah (AKA MF MEZ)]
Yeah, I’m not
A player, but I got a lot of haters trying to fire Glocks
Blazing shots, trying to stop the paper.  Gangsters hate me
Not, but haters want to break my train of thought
Basically to make me lost, insane and crazy in the fog (Word)
So these snakes, jakes, and narcs unable to me cough up
What I’d never do, and incarcerate me in a place up north
Maybe a mental institute, but I ain’t crazy.  It’s
Impressive while pressing the messages in the necks of these bitches
Some shady ladies that’ll take your heart and make it break apart
The aching starts when you’re placed and encased in their clutch
Brought lethal bleeding like their fingers razor-sharp.  Between hating
And love, the line is thin, so any vile man or squadron
We take it in blood like a prophet hanging across
A cross, dangling, making a statement for all (Making)
(A statement for all)

[Hook: Superstar Jet Jaguar (AKA MF Grimm) and Gamma-Ra (AKA Majesty) with Scratches by Lyrical Graffiti]
Get the fuck out my path, you’re interfering with me
Go against me, nigga, you don’t want no dealings with me
I brought some killers with me, villains that’s really gritty
Gorillas still in the city.  By force, you gotta feel us

[Verse 4: RAVAGE (AKA MeccaGodZilla)]
Keep poor
Kids surrounding my posse, my team.  Years slurring, Captain Morgan
Storming, arguments minimal, but my mind’s worried, my hypertension’s
Stirring like mercury, bubbles bursting from solar flares on the surface
On safety, but cops’ll chase like fools rising through the epidermis.  Born
Into survival, run through sewers seven-and-a-half hours after
Sick deuces never clueless, raising a lie, not trying to be
Parker Brother, coffin in a hearse, looking outside the window
To my mother, on my way to Judgement.  The struggle the reason
I seek senses of brothers, a pyramid with each other, aim for the stars
Cigar addict ‘cause of the path.  Am I poor?  Trying to remain strong
Not fabulous, reaching for my ankle when I get fly, the shackle is
Coming from my own people hating, not even the establishment
Submariner true, I command flow like ocean, stay growing
Even when I’m resting, things are still in motion.  Flatlined
A few times.  As my mind floating, ghost in a cell, you’re scared to death
Of the angel named by the Most High as the one closest
(Closest)

[Hook: Superstar Jet Jaguar (AKA MF Grimm) and Gamma-Ra (AKA Majesty) with Scratches by Lyrical Graffiti]
Get the fuck out my path, you’re interfering with me
Go against me, nigga, you don’t want no dealings with me
I brought some killers with me, villains that’s really gritty
Gorillas still in the city.  By force, you gotta feel us

[Outro: Gamma-Ra (AKA Majesty)]
When you see us, salute, stupid