MF Grimm - “Tick, Tick (Main Mix)”
[Emcee(s): MF Grimm]
[Producer(s): MF DOOM]
[Additional Vocals: MF DOOM]

[Intro: MF Grimm and MF DOOM]
MF Grimm: You know when you’re gonna come in?
MF DOOM: Nobody will never ever, ever, really, really know.  The more you know, the more you know that you don’t know shit!  Niggas’ll never run out of shit!  So much shit, so much scripts through here, niggas’ll never run out of shit
MF Grimm: It’s another rollercoaster ride
MF DOOM: Multifaceted

[Verse 1: MF Grimm]
Walk the
Path of Jesus, witness if Hell freezes
The mind teases reality, crack the pieces
Nothing eases.  Being chastised with blood
Baptized guys revise, acknowledge past lives
Statements will be made—acknowledge me (Acknowledge me)
My mind is Heaven’s gate, so enter me (Enter me)
My mind is the gate to Hell, so try to flee (Try to flee)
Both gates look the same—which will it be? (Which will it be?)
Demons scream from thought process
Enter semen, child born, stress
Body want to sleep, but the mind can’t rest
Measure pleasure through financial progress
When it come to currency, love is nonexistent
Foes multiply, friends become so distant
Some hope you die, backstab in an instant
Foes I despise, disguised as allies to sabotage
Camouflage, loyalty is lies
To see God, look into my eyes (Into my eyes).  To see
The Devil, then you look into my eyes (Into my eyes)
(As I rise from Hell’s equator...)

[Hook: MF Grimm]
‘Cause I’ma
Slow it up, speed it up, slow it up, speed it up
Metal Fingers feed beats, Grimm Reaper eat ‘em up
Speed ‘em up, slow ‘em up, speed ‘em up, slow it up
Brainsick, tick, tick, tick, MF blow it up
Slow it up, speed it up, slow it up, speed it up
Metal Fingers feed beats, Grimm Reaper eat it up
Speed it up, slow it up, speed it up, slow it up
Brainsick, tick, tick, tick, MF blow it up (Boom!)

[Verse 2: MF Grimm]
Take air, compress it, bless it, mix loops like
Ku Klux.  MF don’t give two fucks.  Nigga
Quarterback blitz, popped, quickly fumble
Leave game with concussion, seeing stars and mumbles
This happens to any emcee that wants to rumble
Dynasties destroyed like Carringtons and Colbys
Noise reduced, MF thinks in Dolby
Chop that ass in half like Obi-Wan Kenobi
Greatest of all time, God straight up told me
Greatest of all time, the Devil even told me
Icicles on surface of Sun, we’re living coldly
Prophets be phony, and we
Attack, we switch like the Wu-Tang symbol
Still kill Jack even though quick and nimble, plain and
Simple, pick niggas off while they’re balling
And die old like Stalin.  Yes
Death, I hear you calling, I accept collect
Human sacrifice, must pay respect.  We catch
Wreck, nigga, we catch wreck
And... we’re gonna... gonna...

[Hook: MF Grimm]
Slow it up, speed it up, slow it up, speed it up
Metal Fingers feed beats, Grimm Reaper eat it up
Speed it up, slow it up, speed it up, slow it up
Brainsick, tick, tick, tick, MF blow it up

[Interlude: MF Grimm]
Boom!  MF Grimm, MF DOOM

[Outro: MF DOOM]
Do your homework.  Ain’t no peeking, nigga!