Superstar Jet Jaguar  - “Voices (The Final Chapter)”
[Emcee(s): Superstar Jet Jaguar (AKA GM Grimm/MF Grimm)]
[Producer(s): Mas Tycoon]

[Verse 1: Superstar Jet Jaguar (AKA GM Grimm/MF Grimm)]
Number one’s disrespectful, got the audacity
Inside my head, lay in bed, watch TV
Jenny Jones, Jerry Springer whole day, eat and sleep
That one will never get anywhere, he’s lazy
Number two between me and you, deal with afterlife witchcraft
Anytime he can make them pay, they’re gonna feel his wrath
He talks about chopping people up and start to laugh
That one right there ain’t stable, he’s crazy
Number three, if you ask me, really needs some help
Every time he feels alone, he wants to go and kill himself
Very close-minded, don’t see eye-to-eye with Percy
‘Cause Percy think that shit is weak and don’t show him no mercy
He can find a state of bliss if he really tried
He’s not happy on the planet and don’t know really why
All he seem to know is that he really wants to die
That’s so sad, so pitiful he’s miserable
Damn

[Hook: Superstar Jet Jaguar (AKA GM Grimm/MF Grimm)]
Voices, they’re living inside my head
Voices, they’re living inside my head
Voices, they’re living inside my head
Voices, they’re living inside my head
Voices, they’re living inside my head
Voices, they’re living inside my head
Voices, they’re living inside my head
It’s fucked up, ‘cause rent, they don’t pay me

[Verse 2: Superstar Jet Jaguar (AKA GM Grimm/MF Grimm)]
Number four’s ready for war by all means necessary
Nat Turner, Huey Newton, yes, he studied revolutionary
Ideologies, blow up precincts, no apology
Now, that nigga right there, he’s dangerous
Number five need to act alive, strive, use potential
‘Cause if he stays in purgatory, it is consequential
He’s going against the reason why The Creator even sent him
He’s too scared to rise up and be famous
Number six wanna flip these bricks—that’s right—and move these pies
Have the flyest clothes and rides that money can buy
Smell the coffee, stupid.  You are part of genocide
That’s fucked up.  Please stop and save the babies
Number seven found his Heaven while on Earth, you see?
He’s about loyalty and also family
His goal is to get with his twin and have some babies
Now, that one right there, I feel him

[Hook: Superstar Jet Jaguar (AKA GM Grimm/MF Grimm)]
Voices, they’re living inside my head
Voices, they’re living inside my head
Voices, they’re living inside my head
Voices, they’re living inside my head
Voices, they’re living inside my head
Voices, they’re living inside my head
Voices, they’re living inside my head
It’s fucked up, ‘cause rent, they don’t pay me

[Bridge: Superstar Jet Jaguar (AKA GM Grimm/MF Grimm)] (x2)
They all want my attention as I sing this song
Bouncing back and forth like ping and pong
Temporary stay ended up long
It’s fucked up, ‘cause rent, they don’t pay me

[Interlude (Overlapped with Hook in Background): Various Voices]
“What you wanna do today?”
“Man, I ain’t doing shit.  I’ma watch TV and chill”
“Man, fuck that.  Let’s go get this money”
“Money?  That’s all you think about?  What about me?  Can’t you see I’m in pain?”
“Pain?  That’s part of the revolution, my brother.  But we need money for the revolution, brother”
“Man, fuck that revolution shit.  I got beef with niggas I know, man, and I’ma body them niggas”
“Man, I don’t know, man, I don’t, I don’t care about none of that money and stuff, man.  That shit just bring problems, man.  I’m scared of that shit”
“Man, shut the fuck up”
“Yeah, son, we can take the money and get work and put it on the block, son, and get paid.  You know?  Bling-bling”
“No, you mean Sing Sing, my brother.  Your ass will get caught and you’re killing your people”
“Man, fuck the block, man.  Fuck the drugs, bling-blinging it.  Fuck the revolution, all that shit.  Man, I got to see these niggas right now, man.  It’s war.  You motherfuckers with me or what, goddamn it?  ‘Cause I ain’t letting that shit ride”
“Oh, that’s fucked up, man.  Well, I ain’t gonna wait to get on TV and tell his wife he’s sleeping with her twin sister and her mother.  And she’s stupid anyway.  She don’t know this?  When they all lived together in a studio with one bed?  That’s some circus shit”
“That’s all you guys think about—it’s drugs and revolution, war, TV, ducking problems.  What about me?  Can’t you see I’m in pain?”
“Yo, I’m sorry about your pain, man, but can’t we just all get along?”
“Man, shut the fuck up”
“Hey, what about you?  You’ve been crying this whole time, man.  What you want?”
“I want to get with the woman I love, get married, have children, raise them to respect and value human life and what The Creator has given them, focus on education, offer advice of wisdom that I’ve acquired from my mistakes through trial and error, and see them accomplish positive things that I only dreamed of, and, God willing, see their children do it as well, and lead the way into the next world” - Percy Carey
“That’s it?”
“Yeah, that’s it” - Percy Carey

[Outro: Sample]
“Seatopia.  Seatopia”
“This is Seatopia receiving you well”
“Everything has going well.  We’ve managed to occupy the laboratory, and we have the inventor too”
“That’s good.  You’ve done well.  Set up the robot and get it to the target”