MF Grimm ft. Monsta Island Czars (ft. Yves St. Larock, Wayne-O, and Nomad) - “Wack Emcees”
[Emcee(s): Yves St. Larock, Wayne-O, and MF Grimm]
[Producer(s): Mas Tycoon]
[Hook/Vocals: Nomad]

[Hook: Nomad]
Wack emcees in the area, make
Way before my crew come to bury ya because
The Monsta Island clique is rolling thick, and we don't take no
Bullshit.  If you’ve come to a battle, I bet you're ‘bout to
Forfeit.  See?  No

[Verse 1: Yves St. Larock]
Metaphor composure on exposure, the mic controller
Mind overflower, New York City soldier (L.E.S.)
(Is in the house) Displays aggressive paragraphs headed right through your cranium
They're hard to contain, plus they’re rowdy when I'm relaying them
So feel me while my presentation is spoken
Clearly, rule the mic, like, yearly for real, G
Improve on any groove because I practice like a master
Flip mad maneuvers like a grappler.  I'm after
The props and the platinum plus more.  Me and my niggas
On the Islands by the seashores.  We're living in
Stress-free with over a hundred pounds of sensi
And honeys that'll work becoming lost on Larock, see?

[Verse 2: Wayne-O]
Ayyo
I drop emcees gracefully like Time Warner
Lamp like a D.T. cop on the corner.  Thug
Niggas got me loco like the Fourth of July, busting
Caps out the window (Window), indo shots to knock
The tempo (Yeah) higher than my 9X bill, but still
Find it dandy.  Point-blank shots off
The brandy.  Silent as a cooked-up pot, traded
In my triple-beam, maintained on the same plot
With schemes to get the legal collard greens
Me and girl is like Captain & Tennille (Yeah)
Hear the same, do what the fuck I feel.  One:
You get done.  Two: you get cracked without the gun.  Three:
You need to ignore it, and, if not, go for it.  I
Get ill like a fever, Grimm note-seizer
Swinging that ass back and forth like Aaliyah
You're looking, you could find me on the A, fast trip—invites
For any to come back and rock with pits.  Limping
You take a trip down (Down) to the nearest hospital
In town (Town), lost in the sauce, dumbfound, so kindly
Come squared-off with the world-renowned

[Verse 3: MF Grimm]
Quake
Beats like Earth with profanity and sanity
Musical exorcism haunting tracks like it's Amity
Niggas I'm burning, intentions affirming
As the beat rocks and I plot on competition
Mic’s a MAC-11, add the vocal ammunition, ass-
-whipping’s are dished to those who feel better
Get ‘em, I cock the mic back and then I wet ‘em
Brain-burner microwave thoughts like it's Swanson
Fast learner accumulate units until it’s platinum
Defeat me?  Come on, nigga, that shit ain't happening
Fuck the rapping shit.  Avoid me
‘Cause when I'm paranoid, motherfucker, I be capping shit
I'm mapping out shit, my man, plans to become
A millionaire before I disappear from this atmosphere

[Hook: Nomad]
Wack emcees in the area, make
Way before my crew come to bury ya because
The Monsta Island clique is rolling thick, and we don’t take no
Bullshit.  If you've come to a battle, I bet you're ‘bout to
Forfeit.  See?  No