[Intro: MF DOOM]
Ayyo, DOOM the Super motherfucking Villain.  Chilling with my man, the Grimm Reaper .  Letting niggas know all is fair in motherfucking war.  Once more, all is fair in World War III.  So Grimm Reaper, set it

[Verse 1: MF Grimm]
You wanna
Stare at me, you wanna glare at me, but I’ll
Handle all beef like American Me.  I’ll react
Sneak attacks, the gat Grimm packs’ll click six
The nigs’ necks catch wreck, and blow their wigs back
Mentally sick, battle rappers or jail—pick
Blood on my knife, or eat the shit on my dick, yeah
Battle me and you’re all dead.  I’m taking
Niggas out with dreads, blowouts, and also baldheads
Tracks straight from the underground DATs
Rappers, step up or only end up in the stats
Nine years it took, nine years of hitting books, now I’m
King of the crooks, making money like I’m Garth Brooks
Will I die?  Who’s to say?  My
Brain is the maze of death, so choose your way
Get burned like a candle, very hard to handle
Do miracles in Nikes like Jesus did in sandals
It’s a Fantasy to beat me, in fact—Mr
Roarke and Tattoo  would even have to turn their fucking backs
The Grimm Reaper’s stats are known to lock ‘em with the vest
And after I test the best, I guess I’ll lock ‘em with the fucking rest
My girl battle?  I’ll do the same, tie the
Bitch up and beat her ass like I’m fucking Rick James
In the minds of the insane, I’m in the
Hall of fame, music equal murder—it’s the same thing

[Hook: MF Grimm]
Shit ain’t never gonna change.  Fuck it
Time to load the clips and we take ‘em to war
Niggas wanna flip?  Then we take ‘em to war
Break a nigga proper, then we break him some more ‘cause
Shit ain’t never gonna change.  Fuck it
Time to load the clips and we take ‘em to war
Niggas wanna flip?  Then we take ‘em to war
Break a nigga proper, then we break him some more

[Verse 2: MF Grimm]
Bitch, when it’s time for me to go, no
As far as I’m concerned, I died a long time ago
Enter the mind of The Reaper if you dare
Man, woman, child, but bring a lot of clothes ‘cause
You got to stay a while.  Rappers come in loads, but left
Dead in piles or floored like tiles
I’ll beat down clowns, I’ll wipe off smiles, killed a
Man for every inch that you can count in a mile
The master of disaster, killer of styles
I come from the streets, I’ll represent the streets, I can
Never rape a woman, but I’ll rape a fucking beat
If Donald Goines wrote my life, my name would be Kenyatta.  I don’t
Chose to kill a brother, but, to stay alive, right now, I gotta
It can never be harmony.  Because of jealou-
-sy, niggas want a piece of me, but my gun dis-
-agrees.  Rappers, all you know is talk, but when you
Come from the streets, shit, all you know is war
And that’s all I know, so
That’s all you feel at my motherfucking show
You punk-ass motherfuckers (Know why?  ‘Cause)

[Hook: MF Grimm]
Shit ain’t never gonna change.  Fuck it
Time to load the clips and we take ‘em to war
Niggas wanna flip?  Then we take ‘em to war
Break a nigga proper, then we break him some more ‘cause
Shit ain’t never gonna change.  Fuck it
Time to load the clips and we take ‘em to war
Niggas wanna flip?  Then we take ‘em to war
Break a nigga proper, then we break him some more

[Outro: MF Grimm]
‘Cause shit ain’t never gonna change (Aight, man).  Die, motherfuckers.  The Grimm Reaper’s in the motherfucking house.  The Grimm Reaper’s in the motherfucking house.  For the undertakers in this motherfucker