[Intro: Phonte]
Uh, then make the real drums
Then make the real drums
Uh, nigga, then make the real drums
We tricked you, we tricked you, we tricked you
It's Little Brother
Phonte, Big Pooh, 9th Wonder
My nigga Big Treal from the QC
That's how we doin it
We had y'all fooled on that first part, I know we did
Let's get it goin, check it out

[Phonte]
They never shoulda told me to rhyme on this
Get real, LB and Big Treal form unholy alliances
Solely for the purpose of rhyming it's
Recommended you keep your eye on this
Cause, I am this MC wit an iron fist
That, hammers out each style that I've invented
Hammers out each flow that I've presented
A soldier for my squad like I enlisted
HOJ still swingin the guillotine
From here to the Philippines, it's just as I intended
Muh'fuckers still say they ain't feelin me
You niggas is killin me, it's just as I envisioned
And just as I have bended my flow over this track like contortionists
I ain't even gotta drop no more bars for this
Better dodge the draft, you don't want no war with this, c'mon!

[Hook 2X: Phonte]
It goes, rock the party, rock-rock the party, rock
I see you niggas tryna cross that line
Don't stop the party, don't stop the party, rock
But I ain't finna let you steal my shine

[Big Treal]
(Big Treal!) I'm way better than these nigga heifers
Matter of fact, nearly deffer than most these rap chaps
Matter of fact, nigga special, this standard scraps
Stamped razors and a fitted, call me handicapped
Nigga gon' stroll me up? Shit
I am well above average when a fugitive stick
In other words, when it comes to fisticuffs, I ain't missed the bus
So I am quick to leave a nigga dick deep in the dust
I'm a hard act to follow, nigga can call me Sato
Cause the flow black rain, stack change like the lotto
Hold the world like Apollo till the world holler bravo
Spanish girls call me Vato, chicks call my dick Ralo
Pricks I'm the shit, swallow these pills filled with Treal
And 'Te and Pooh's rep stay huge as baby blue
You hating dudes ain't got a clue, don't be mad at me
Your rap's catastrophe from a lack of strategy

[Hook 2X: Phonte (Big Treal)]
It goes, rock the party, rock-rock the party, rock
(I see you niggas tryna cross that line)
Don't stop the party, don't stop the party, rock
(But I ain't finna let you steal my shine)

[Kardinal Offishall]
Yo, I am now who's with an iron fist
I am one of the last standing true ly-ricists
Look in my irises, all of my words insist
On being consistent, I hope that you fine with this
Whether you signed to backpack and I'm killin all of you
Wack-winding, flowin-off-time and weak-minded (never mind)
My mind sprays like AKs and Lebanon (BBBBBBBBRRRR!!!)
Speech is mad colorful like ice creams and Benetton
(Fuck up a nigga real QUICK!) and that's the shit I'm on
(Take out emcees!) once a day like a vit-amon
CHEA!! A rap vitamin, my circle stays tighter than
A virgin on birth control - I'm like a leviathan
When paired up with a trite and they (?) MOTIF!
I've been declared a world THREAT - when 9th Wonder's on the BEAT!
(Yeah!) Phonte, Big Pooh, and the Justus League
A lotta rappers soundin like they put crack in they weed
(Black Jays!)

[Chorus 2X: Phonte (Kardinal Offishall)]
It goes, rock the party, rock-rock the party, rock
(CHEA! I see you niggas tryna cross that line)
Don't stop the body, don't stop the body rock
(Yeah, and I'll be damned if you steal my shine, c'mon!)

[Rapper Big Pooh]
Check, you in the presence of one of the greats
Ask niggas from state to state, they say "Rapper"
I'm in the midst of your hoes chit-chatter
Glassjaw niggas get shattered; I'm not flattered
Fried-chicken niggas get battered
Then laced with a garnish too, served on a platter, HOT!
Right here if you want it or not
Got a mean 16 that came off the top
Ain't have no dough, walked off the lot
Came back next week and cop, I got some old shit
So when I go to the lab, I let my soul spit
I'm light years in front of my foes
My Chi-Town niggas be like, "Pooh, you so cold"
In H-Town, they be like "Poobie gettin throwed"
Wool parka trench draped down to the flo'
We the trillest muh'fuckers in the South, yee ain't know?!

[Hook 4X]
Phonte: It goes, rock the party, rock-rock the party, rock
Big Pooh: I see you niggas tryna cross that line
Phonte: Don't stop the party, don't stop the party, rock
Big Pooh: But I ain't bout to let you steal my shine
Phonte: It goes, rock the party, rock-rock the party, rock
Big Pooh: I see you niggas tryna cross that line
Phonte: Don't stop the party, don't stop the party, rock
Big Pooh: But I ain't bout to let you steal my shine
Phonte: It goes, rock the party, rock-rock the party, rock
I see you niggas tryna cross that line
Don't stop the party, don't stop the party, rock
Big Treal: But I ain't bout to let you steal my shine
Phonte: It goes, rock the party, rock-rock the party, rock
Kardinal: I see you niggas tryna cross that line
Phonte: Don't stop the party, don't stop the party, rock
Big Pooh: But I ain't bout to let you steal my shine

[Outro: Rapper Big Pooh]
Cheah, I'mma get on some of that
Some of that, some of that little kid shit
I'ma, I'mma draw that line in the motherfuckin sand
Or that line in the dirt, wherever you at
I'mma draw that line, be like "I dare you to cross that line nigga!"
"I DARE YOU to cross that line, I DARE YOU!"
Or I'mma get on that
Put a stick on my shoulder and be like "Knock that shit off!"
Huh? Hahahaha...