[Verse 1: Big Pooh]
What up, brown skin? Your body smellin' like cinnamon
Hair in a bun, your toes done so feminine
Heard you suck your teeth like: “Oh no, here we go again”
Let me get know, so I can be more genuine
No need to front, the kid knows you got many friends
Many men, who waiting to stake a claim on it
Put they name down just to spit some game on it
But fuck friends, I'm tryin' to set the mood
You know, go at you hard like most records that's sold
Spit propaganda at you 'til you break down and fold
You look confused, miss thing, like I'm speaking in code
76-64, press pound: “Hello”
Are you listenin' now? Did I get your attention?
Undivided, because you used to be undecided
Now you look in flux like those chicks with they nose stuck up
Just put your number down, girl, what the fuck!

[Verse 2: Erykah Badu]
So tell me Slim, what you wanna do
When you know I'm in love with you?
Every time that I turn around
Look for you but you can't be found
Fly free, baby fine with me
I'm in love wit' a bumblebee
Ooh Slim, boy, you killin' me
But you so sweet to me, Ow!

[Hook]
Honey, yeah
You so sweet… (Honey...)
Sugar got a long way to catch you, oh, oh…
You so sweet... (Honey...)
All I gotta do is add a little lemon, oh...
You my favorite drink
Ay, you make me think, Ow!
Honey, yeah, oh…
You so sweet… (Honey...)

[Verse 3: Phonte]
I usually play the background
You know clean cut, soft spoken
Well dressed, dipped out
Straight chillin' when I'm in the club, yo
Sippin' a Sprite with the ill lemon mixed in it
Sippin' on it, I was just chillin' 'til I saw you
That's when my heart stopped, knees gave
Head sweatin', jaws locked
I was sweatin' you like: “God damn, girl!”
You got a nigga goin' buck wild, mesmerized, starstruck
I was thinking maybe we could go out
Like to the movies or the Applebee's, Blockbuster, State fair
But you looked at me and said: “Fuck that!”
You just a herb with no money, and no jeep, and no condo
When I thought that Little Brother had a record deal
Okay, I see where you're going now
Wanna sweat a nigga when you think he got a cash advance
And some personal time, but fuck that
I got your head still bobbin' and my verse didn't rhyme
So it's whatever, girl

[Hook]
Honey, yeah, oh
You so sweet…well… (Honey...)
Sugar got a long way to catch you, oh, oh…
You so sweet... (Honey...)
All I gotta do is add a little lemon, oh...
You my favorite drink
Hey, you make me think, Ow!
Honey, yeah, yeah, oh…
You so sweet… (Honey...)