"Now what you hear is not a test, I'm rappin' to the bea-..." [- Sugarhill Gang
"Now..what..you..hear...is..not a test"
"Not a...a..a...a test.."

[Chaundon - Intro]
Yeah...this is the Rapper Big Pooh's prequel
To the "Dirty Pretty Things"
It's "Rapper's Delight", baby!
THis is Chaundon..
I'm here to tell you muh'fuckers..
If you ain't gettin money, you ain't professional
Fall far back, ha ha!
Rapper Big Pooh, let's get it

[Rapper Big Pooh]
{"Now, what, you hear..."}
It-it's Rapper baby, no ifs or maybes
I may be crazy, but you all made me
Critics don't faze me, still got a joy
I'm not your average American boy
Well, not boy, but man, understand?
God has a plan, I allow Him to work
This is a perk and I will take advantage

[Chaundon - interlude]
These understudy ass niggas, man..ehhehe!
Y'all niggas need to take notes, man
This is not a test motherfuckers
This is the real thing
Sound the alarm on these bitch ass niggas man
Turn the lights on these roaches, watch 'em scatter, son
Rapper Big Pooh, man
"Rapper's Delight", "Dirty Pretty Things" on the way, nigga

[Rapper Big Pooh]
{"Now, what, you hear..."}
It-it's Rapper baby, no ifs or maybes
I may be crazy, but you all made me
Well Margie birthed him, Rosie had to burp him
Ten years later. different people tryna hurt him
But I outworked them, call it dedication
Them hours when I SLEEP, that's a vacation
Pay attention, people, this is your education

[Chaundon - interlude]
I hope you muh'fuckers is listening..
Cause all you dumb rappers need teachin, youknahmsayin?
Rapper Big Pooh's in the house
"Dirty Pretty Things" on the way, nigga
But right now, you're tuning in
To "Rapper's Delight"
Shyeah!
Let's keep it goin, nigga

[Rapper Big Pooh]
{"Now, what, you hear..."}
It-it's Rapper baby, no ifs or maybes
I may be crazy, but you all made me
Cause you wanna box me, glasshouse rock me
Get an attitude when you find out I'm cocky
Oh no, not he! Pooh the Ugly Duckling
Grew up, refined rapper, ain't that somethin?
Loathin ass niggas just frontin

[Chaundon - Outro]
Before we continue on..
Gotta give myself some light
My debut album "Carnage" is in stores right now
Shout out to Big Dho gettin them dibs
Khrysis the Animal, Jozeemo
9th Wonder, y'all
O-Dash, my nigga D. Black, holdin down the Bronx
The whole Dilla gang, Tajai
Christopher Martin, Cabs
Edgar, dat dude Mick Boogie
Cali Untouchables
DJ Warrior, Nottz and Darryl
Illa J, Mick Speed
Young RJ, Scrap Dirty
Hex Murder, DJ Khalil
Frank Nitti, Joe "Fuck Yo' Dreams" Rose
E. Ness, DJ Skillz
The League Crew, J-Rock, the whole Mike Rock Entertainment
Mykestro, Oh No!, the whole Stones Throw Records
{The Graffius Cartel} just signed that deal, ha ha!
This is not a test, Rapper Big Pooh
"Rapper's Delight", "Dirty Pretty Things" coming soon, niggas
Ha ha!