[Phonte - Intro]
Ye-yeah! One more time, one last number..
Chaundon, where you at, nigga?
It's the future right here, man
We startin' it right now...Let's get it goin', Big Pooh, UH!

[Rapper Big Pooh]
My attitude real shitty, temper short
My mind cluttered like the streets of New York
I ain't tryna take a 'L', cause I casually fought
This shit, real serious not casual sport
Let time fly by as I pen these thoughts
And I'm speedin through life wit my car in park
And, even in the day sometimes it's dark
And that cloud hoverin low is not the worst part
Second guessin yourself, tryna remain sharp
See niggas blowin up who ain't got yo SPARK, uh
And that alone is a burden to carry
Either you'll get strong or, you'll get buried
And rap keep plenty room in the cemetery
Pull out your Blackberry's, change yo itineraries
I mean, you could be the shit today
Then tomorrow wake up, fame blown away!
And homey on the real, ain't nothing you can say
That's why I work hard now, got later to lay
In the sands on the beach, mixin drinks wit Belvy
The world gon' remember my name, muh'fuckers!

[Hook]
Now they heard some of yo songs, and peeped you from the side
And watched yo videos and seen the car you drive
CHILLLLL! - And we know what to expect my nigga
Done seen it all before I ain't impressed, my nigga
But they heard all of our songs, and peeped us from the side
And came out to the shows and seen us on the grind
CHILLLLL! - And this is how we get down muh'fuckers
We don't care who got next, this is now muh'fuckers!

[Phonte]
I tried to work wit niggas, don't wanna jerk them niggas
But everybody runnin around thinkin they murderers
Gave birth to niggas, and when I burp them niggas
The spit up old lines that I fed to them earlier
And this is what the state of hip-hop is like
I'm thinkin', "Damn, this cannot be right"
And I agree that everybody's a biter
But if you Xerox the style, then that's infringin' on my copy, right?
It's the bottom of the 9th with no extra innings
And we all in the game tryna collect our pennants
And from the, old school, I'm a direct descendant
And y'all can feel it at the end of each and every sentence
Cause underground rap is just, incense and gimmicks
An image, they phone in for ten cents a minute
I knew that since I entered, the rap game, my style
Would have niggas takin' it back, but what about now?
I think about the youth and how their minds are so closed
Cause now "Rap City" look like "Video Soul"
And that's a sad state of affairs
But no need to despair, cause we the next ones that's takin' it there, ya know!

[Hook]
Now they heard all of yo songs, and peeped you from the side
And watched yo videos and seen the car you drive
CHILLLLL! - And we know what to expect my nigga
Done seen it all before I ain't impressed, my nigga
But they heard some of our songs, and peeped us from the side
And came out to the shows and seen us on the grind
CHILLLLL! - And this is how we get down muh'fuckers
We don't care who got next, this is now muh'fuckers!

[Chaundon]
A note to my opponents: yeah, I got now
And I always got next cause I seize every moment
I'm an opportunist wit ambition
Keep an eye on that number one spot before it wind up missin'
And the heart of this bein is the art of MCing
I feel I'm God wit the flow, cause people started believin, HUH
So what I'm cocky, who gon' stop me?
Twist hoes, leave 'em knock knead, smile for paparazzi
This is how I get down
Got a crib in every hood, so I'm always the hottest nigga in town
Hate it or love it, who fuckin' wit our music?
Yeah, y'all niggas are the SHIT when it comes to bowel movements
Pooh showed and proved it, can't +Sleep+ on his game
'Te converted all the currency with Foreign Exchange
Up next to rock the booth iiiis a rapper named Chaundon
The Bronx Borough President wit' "No Excuses"
Doubtin' me is foolish, don't ask who produced this!
Knowin damn well only 9th can do this, huh!
It's no secret, Lyor even know
When me and Little Brother flow, it's guaranteed another video!

[Hook]
Now they heard all of yo songs, and peeped you from the side
And watched yo videos and seen the car you drive
CHILLLLL! - And we know what to expect my nigga
Done seen it all before I ain't impressed, my nigga
But they heard all of our songs, and peeped us from the side
And came out to the shows and seen us on the grind
CHILLLLL! - And this is how we get down muh'fuckers
We don't care who got next, this is now muh'fuckers!

[*crowd cheers*]

[Phonte - Outro]
On behalf of myself Phonte, Big Pooh, and 9th Wonder
And the whole cast of "The Minstrel Show"
I wanna thank ya'll, for watchin this shit
I ain't gon' front, only reason I took this job cause I need the money
I don't need...yo, I ain't gon' front
I don't give a fuck if UBN pull the plug on me, dawg, I-I gotta be real..
Y'all really wanna know how I feel about "The Minstrel Show"? [*crowd cheers*]
Y'all really wanna know how I feel about UBN? [*crowd cheers louder*]
THESE GODDAMN CRACKERS GET ON MY MUTHAFUC-..
[*stand-by bleep*]