[Intro]
Ayy
Are you?

[Verse 1]
Are you tryna get back at me?
You can't let ’em win, all they really wanna do is distract me
She like, "Who you foolin'? You been out here tryna make a movie, ayy"
She like, "Boy, it's a two way, groupies only followin’ what you say" (ayy, ayy)
It's a sham 'cause they all know who I am (who I am)
Overlooked, now they think they understand (understand)
Lotta bands, that'll put 'em in a trance (in a trance)
I can't let my baby slip up out my hands, damn

[Chorus]
Yeah, if I let her go (woah)
Will I regret it? Will I forget it?
Well, it's somethin' I don’t know (woah)
It’s somethin' I don’t know (it's somethin' I don't know, uh)
If I let her go (woah)
Will I regret it? Will I forget it?
Well, it’s somethin' I don't know (somethin' I don't know)
It's somethin' I don't know (somethin' I don't know)

[Verse 2]
You know, you the main attraction (ah, ah, ah)
I can't hit nobody else for the love, I need you for that action
And she like, "Who you tryin'? I ain't the only one that you been eyein'"
I'm like, "Woah, money two sides" (woah, fine)
She love me, she love me not, it's time to choose sides (whoa, whoa, my, god)
It's a shame, how could I be runnin' games? (Running games)
After all the trials, after everythin' (everything)
Wedding ring, I can change your last name (last name)
But I can't let 'em get my baby outta pain, ayy

[Chorus]
Yeah, if I let her go (woah)
Will I regret it? Will I forget it?
Well, it's somethin' I don't know (woah)
It's somethin' I don't know (it's somethin' I don't know, uh)
If I let her go (woah)
Will I regret it? Will I forget it?
Well, it's somethin' I don't know (somethin' I don't know)
It's somethin' I don't know (somethin' I don't know)

[Bridge]
Let her, let her go, let her go, let her go, let her go, let her go, let her go, let her go, let her go
Yeah, yeah, go

[Outro: Tierra Whack]
People look at me like I'm crazy
I just think dick is a distraction, you know, like
Niggas ain't shit, and bitches ain't shit either
Me personally, I just, I can't afford distraction
Uhm, so, that's what I feel like niggas are