[Intro: Sample]
I'm honored to be here today. I stand before you not as an expert, but as a concerned citizen. This is the most urgent of times and the most urgent of messages. The community knows it, industry knows it, governments know it, even the United States military knows it. You can make history, or you will be vilified by it

[Verse 1: J.I.D]
While they were sittin' on they hands, I was standin' and plottin'
When I be in my own world, It's like the world has forgotten
Meditatin' in silence besides the loud in my pocket
I don't want to hear nothing, a rat pissin' on cotton
A rapper pissin' on rappers, I'm a Jekyll, I'm a jackal
From rapper to rapper, you rappers PaRappa the Rapper
Shark in the lake, dodgin' the fake
On the line, I'm a snapper
Heard you the best thing coming up, oh, God, I'm dyin' from laughter
No, I'm dyin' from living
I been robbing and giving
Niggas chances just to raise the fucking standards, wait
Heard all the hoopla, faking, and all the antics
Can't even count all the punches a nigga landed
Nationwide tour from the west side, then back to Decatur
I ain't even signed this deal, girl, I'm just splashing this swavor
Baby, you Betty Shabazz, you kinda match my flavor
I'm a freak with a great mind, girl, a master debater
Hornier than the good Reverend Dr. Martin Luther
Come here, baby, come and kiss on the king junior
Then take a trip to the six, with me, it ain't pretty as Toronto, Canada
Gotta walk with the hammer here
Small things like that you couldn't fathom
Little forty'll knock the apple out of Adam
Little shorty sling weed and crack dabble
Upgrade to full-time, where your tassle, where your bando?
Where the hassle when the cops jocking, blocking trying to find?
Where the guala and the drugs? Ollie oxen free
Hotbox topping foxy mama in a box chevy, monotonous debauchery
Obviously I've been out of it awhile
You should've got my things and sent for me
Empathy, empathize with my pathological lies
Divide that pride and split the pot
It's only by God's grace that I made it this far
Thus far, I need his plus y'alls

[Interlude: Leonardo DiCaprio]
Every week, we’re seeing new and undeniable events, evidence that accelerated climate change is here now. Droughts are intensifying, our oceans are acidifying, with methane plumes rising up from beneath the ocean floor. We are seeing extreme weather events, and the West Antarctic and Greenland ice-sheets melting at unprecedented rates, decades ahead of scientific projections

[Verse 2: 6LACK]
Waiting on shit to pan out, why you standing there with your hand out like you looking for some change?
I mean, I could offer that, but why would I offer that when you niggas could just utilize your brain?
I want that right there, yeah, I want that right there, yeah, give me all that there
Yeah, want that right there, so, come on 'bout that there, I need all that there

[Outro: Shelly Nicole]
We need it all, like
Some niggas like, how he get on, how he get on?
He get on because he's supposed to be
You gotta work for this shit
Niggas got great time, great time, great hustle
This is the time, no more weak shit
It's not allowed like, new rules, we on some new shit
Well, it's the same shit, but we gon' teach y'all some new rules
Cause niggas make the same shit
This right here, it's gon' get you right
This is the motivation that you need
Take notes, take notes
Don't copy cause you can't, but you can take some notes