[Keith Murray]a si se coje toma
Just blaze, you son of a gun!

{"Uh-huh, uh-huh" - repeat 13X over chorus}
Yeah yeah you know it, ain't scared to show it

[Hook]
We do dis' like we want to and don't give fuck
Yeah yeah you know it, ain't scared to show it

[Verse 1: Keith Murray]
It go
Lights, camera, action you're on
"Excuse me Murray, but your ah ah ah on"
I spit the (ha ha ha ha ha) word ball
Cause cats out here dont be sayin' jack bone
I get raw and explicit when I spit it on the mic
Old folks say "that boy need the lord in his life"
Nigga, think you can phase me???
But nigga, you must be crazy!!!
It go "ese loco, dame un beso"
Dominican girls, them call us negro
I keep it short pony, short camel toe
The reason why man, I dont know
No matter where I go, here I go, there I go, I'm propa
And keep shit poppin' like orville redenbacher
More freaky-deaky wit' the speechy
I stay off the meat rack b!! (exactly)

[Hook] - repeat 2X

[Verse 2: Erick Sermon]
Sermon, bless a flow you know God sent me
Time is money, and my time cost like a Bentley
I'm dope (oh yeah you know it)
Got a infared beam (ain't scared to show it)
Peep it, check my movement this here feel right (how???)
Check his cap make sure his pill right (boy)
You a fake thug wit' a deal
The only gang you represent is Sugar Hill
You cats is kittens boy drink this milk
Put down that Hennessy son ya killin' me
Dub, I snatch the corn from the children
Stashed it in ya homeboy's buildin'
(Stop he's killin' him somebody call the cops!!!)
Yeah call 911, and watch no one come
That's to show you how nice I am
The fifth group Russell signed to Def Jam
Woah!
[Hook] - repeat 2X

[Verse 3: Redman]
In the bed I'm the marathon man, Redman
Hittin' more walls than aerosol cans, don't I???
(Yeah Yeah you know it)
And when I fuck... (Ain't scared to show it)
And when the Brick's outta control, barricade the city
There's an outbreak in ya outta state committee
You seen it (yeah yeah you know it)
And if you got it... (ain't scared to show it)
You want the bad guy - here I am
I got them hoes on Gilla cam
Throwin' the drawers in the ceilin' fan
You as small as a kilogram
I'm an airplane ridin' over Colombia, ya middle man
I'm the boss
Stock tha Binaca
Shut up all the gossip, bring the rosta
I whoop ass like Ike Turner any day
When I stomp emcees out I yell "Annie Mae???"
Whether I'm hot or not, pigeons gon' flock
They gon' get that wig done fa' diggin' on Doc
Find me 'round the aisle in frozen food
Because I am so cool, cool, cool, cool, cool

[Hook] - repeat till end