(Hook)
Hard rapping, funky beats, def scratching, no gimmicks
Put your ears to the speakers and bust these lyrics!

I’m attacking weak rappers, periodically destroying
T La Rock, imitators have become so annoying
I turn on my radio which I keep on the shelf
Every station I turn to I keep hearing myself
I hear myself on records I never made
I’m not dumb my mind is sharper than the butchers blade!
? angry like this and rappers who persist
I explode like a bomb I get so pissed
I can't stand it no more, I try my best to implore
Now it's time for T La Rock to even the score!

(Hook)

I use the mic like a belt, beat rappers like children
And then I condescend
Graciously pretend to step off, though I may pretend to be through
But this part of my strategy
Disillusioning with pre-planned tactics
Will protect myself like you do with prophylactics
Ingenious ideas to despair my foes
I stalk em and hawk 'em no matter where they go
I’m the notorious fear inflicter
I’m the mongoose, you’re the boa constrictor
I’m good, you’re garbage, we’re easy to distinguish
I will be the victor, you prefer to relinquish
Huh! I’m ready to commence annihilation
My mind is now morbid, there’s no rehabilitation
I’m a rapper killer with the strength of a gorilla
A brutal slayer, clone of Attila
The Hun, you better run, punk flee while you can
My orders to kill, there’ll be no count demands
I’m entering the boundaries of insanity
Grotesque actions altering humanity
Disgusted to the fullest at all enemies
Bold rappers who dare battle me are a tease
I’m a professor of war, honorable veteran
Strategy coordinator, acute militarian
Profound, I’m bound to increase in my strength
And definitely there’ll be no lengths
Of you shit talking rappers who don’t even know me
You’re as fictional to me as Obi Wan Kenobi!

Like a tramp, you're equal to a two cent stamp
Your mind is dead, you will never revamp
Or revise, surprise, I see you're in shock
Dontcha know ? prepared to ?
I'm hot like lava, I'm ready to roast
You weak duck rappers who keep playin' me close
When I walk, heads slam, the people all chant
I'm a walking time-bomb equivalent to a power plant!

When challenged, I drool, I'm so powerful
My jaws lock on the mic like the jaws of a pit bull
I go mad, break out into a tantrum
Mentally convert into a hip hop phantom
My foes then panic, shake like a leaf
Knowing their destruction will be short and brief
? up like a snail, faces turn pale
? a thousand miles a second on each finger nail
I'm dangerous, deadly like a scorpion
Fearless, undisputed champion
Unique in the mind, and strength I'm like ?
Physique of a model, tall dark and handsome
Black and you know it, nicknamed the poet
The lyrical king who ? to bring
Funky fresh lyrics and keep running things!

(Hook)

Do it Greg!

I have unmeasurable power, unbelievable force
I bring more pleasure to the mind than sexual intercourse
Rhyming is my specialty, rapping I’ve perfected
Considered dead rappers I seeked and resurrected
That climax of my power is beyond extreme
I have the mind of a scientist to program dreams
Like a magnet I attract, keep jams well packed
Like a hypodermic needle my lyrics extract
All bad thoughts, repulsing ideas
Anxiety ? I stimulate like beer
Most lyric writers are well out of my league
Like history! All my lyrics intrigue
The thought of rap on the air was considered remote
If you had leukemia there was no antidote
As the world evolves many problems are solved
To keep this good thing going I’ve become involved
Join with me, Lou, and Greg, my comrades
As a team our dream is to make you glad
Remain a part of the hip hop world
That goes to every man and woman
Every boy and girl!