[Intro: C-Murder]
Tytanic, let's wake 'em up, ya heard?
Yeah, it's real out here
Justing chill about it now (chill boy)
Some of the ODB what?
NYC CP-3 nigga what?
Let me ask you a question
What do you think about the game now? (What you think about it now?)
How you feel like my name now (How you feel 'bout me now?)
How you feel like C now?
What do you think about the ODB now? (What?)
What do you think about the game now? (What you think about it now?)
How you feel like my name now (How you feel about me now?)
How you feel like my name now (I told you I wanted somethin')

[Verse 1: Ol' Dirty Bastard]
Yeah, bite that point, the habit of breathin'
No hope to find, that you're misbehavin'
Link your cupid and fuck your brewin'
Flash the burgers on your crewin'
Cause I must different from the other MC's
I got the amazing ability
I get on the mic so you can have a ball
I could fly through the air and stick to the wall
I could take a punch or get hit by a car
Could go to the nearest or farthest star
As a matter of fact it's what I won't talk about
Hoppin' and goin' out of his trace just to be in the house

[Hook: E-40]
I'm so pimped out about my big spendish
I got a 20, 6 Clock extra dickless (extra dickless)
For Anybody of them wanna pop off at the lip
Anybody that wanna give me banana split
It's only E-40, Murder in this biatch
All the money motivated me to biatch
Three soldiers from the East, South and West
Street soldiers holdin' it down for they septs (for they septs)

[Verse 2: C-Murder]
I'm C-Murder, murder mass ten, I'm wit' the Dirty Bastard
And my flows comin' faster than a jet to Alaska
I ask ya how you feelin' my collabo'
The CP3, the ODB from NYC the ghetto B
Light it up, let it cook, look in the mirror, as we crush
Don't worry about how it looks, put some money on my books
Only God can judge me now
That's when I heard the click clown
I was Christened ,I ain't with them, am I RZA
Let them whistles out them pistols
Let loose on them troops and then shake 'em like Cherok smoke
I slam dunk 'em like Shaq
I wanna be free, I'm not guilty, do you feel me?

[Hook: E-40]
I'm so pimped out about my big spendish
I got a 20, 6 Clock extra dickless (extra dickless)
For Anybody of them wanna pop off at the lip
Anybody that wanna give me banana split
It's only E-40, Murder in this biatch
All the money motivated me to biatch
Three soldiers from the East, South and West
Street soldiers holdin' it down for they septs (for they septs)

[Verse 3: E-40]
Hey sluggin', wanna hit this rock down (rock down)
I only got one world, mane, I feel like take this to the thick of him
Under there, got the smell, you do the ho you hear
Fuck it there, let me get a swig of that Thunder Bird
OK, it's cute, it's squashed
Now, no though mane, lets have a back wash
Yeah you trippin', "no I ain't", yeah you is
That boy spittin', what's his name? 40, quarter, biatch

[Verse 4: Ol' Dirty Bastard]
I stays in place, place stays in me
I'm a vision of truth, just a true MC
Love hiphop so much, mic won't untouched
Thugs grow unbust, bitch won't get fucked
Every 40 ounce cracked, every napsack packed
Ol' Dirty kickin' your ass, the record gets scratched
Oh, the record gets scratched, the record gets scratched

[Hook]
I'm so pimped out about my big spendish
I got a 20, 6 Clock extra dickless (extra dickless)
For Anybody of them wanna pop off at the lip
Anybody that wanna give me banana split
It's only E-40, Murder in this biatch
All the money motivated me to biatch
Three soldiers from the East, South and West
Street soldiers holdin' it down for they septs (for they septs)

[Outro: E-40]
And there you have it
E-40 the Fonzarelli
The  from the Soyo block soil
Turf hall, been through it all
Ball 'til we have it all (ball 'til we have it all)
Oh boy ooo me (not me)
Oo we better than ooo me
I'm so damned stalk on my self on crack by self
Ay look where c-murder at?
Me and Ol' Dirty Bastard got the same birthday
If you don't stay your ass out of trouble
Me and Ol' Dirty Bastard got the same birthday
Ay we got the nigga Tytanic on the beat
What's up boy? ODB
We got the same motherfuckin' birthday
11 -15 Scorpio, November Scorpio we tight motherfuckers
We look at the motherfucking memes when we get on the good one I can't please foul while y'all on the good one
I'm on thought, I'm not throw em a paw but I only give lood
What the fuck you drinkin'? Fortay
Shit I'm off this motherfucking .......