[Verse 1]
Hustler till I die, drink the bar dry then it echo that mannequin right back in the public eye
Drunk like mel Gibson get high got a ton of DUI’s
Lend a cognac sipping S.O. me and my guys doing a colossal
Living our lives trying to get this bobble head bobble to follow me in my ride so I can
Make like a denizen convince her to open wide kick her out when I finish take my balling ass
Back inside
Drunk terminology corner talk that's all I know California mentality ask about me pimp I go
You can check my record I don't like to feud but if I must I have your head severed
Screw your black living trap zones and projects, corner boy grit and crack apartment complex
Worldwide aside of the bens give me respect
The business will hit us victors and corporate execs

[Chorus]
E boy know where the boy too nice he’s done it again I got rich twice
Keep a thump untucked we ain't broke we papered up e-boy know where the boy too nice
He’s done it again and got rich twice
Keep a thump untucked we ain't broke we papered up

[Verse 2]
I cut him off like an umbilical cord turned off his lights we need to silence that brother his voice too strong on the mike
I make it look easy but its not im just doing feasy. why should I stop now pimp? the game need me. and do what he used to it . trying to get these million profits and moved and pushing and proving. loui like its rugged and ruggish my intellect. duckas suckas hollering and screaming my hood set 
They signing socks on my Chevy bosh shaking the cops I'm in it too heavy I can't stop. scamming plots, all my tombs are engraved blocks …(
Had my funereal on my block
The streets they don't play fair the mayor he realy dont care. Imma working three jobs trynna keep a roof on our heads. baloney sandwich used to peel the mold off the bread

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Tell a thug we got whatchu need if you bonie try to copy from me we unsoil you cuz see that its real black everywhere we go we burn hundred bills
Automatics and semis high performance and hemmys and the thicker the soil where we think buicks is bentleys
Coffee pots boil burn bland simmer and stew, im off of the soil ya’ll I hope you is too
Outta da bebede a cap you need a crew showing their underwear sagging thats what we do
Turf it trapping and stacking da money mackin surf it earthquake slap it and truk rapping
E boy know where the boy too nice he’s done it again I got rich twice
Keep a thump untucked we ain't broke we papered up e-boy know where the boy too nice
He’s done it again and got rich twice
Keep a thump untucked we ain't broke we papered up
Tell a thug we got whatchu need if you bonie try to copy from me we unsoil you
Cuz see that its real black everywhere we go we burn hundred bills

[Outro]
Got rich twice (damn!)
Nigga I done done it again (damn)
Bitch!