[Intro]
Ay (What's up?)
What it do do, mayne? (What it do do, mayne?)
The Bay, mayne (The Bay, mayne?)
I went to the block the other day, riight
They said they had some purple riight (They was lyin)
But when I came back
They didn't have no grapes. maaynne

[Hook 2X: Stressmatic + (E-40)]
Pull up, turn the scraper in the circle
Hit the block one time, tryin' to see who got purp
Who got purple? (I got grapes)
Who got purple? (I got grapes)

[Verse 1: Stressmatic]
Purple in the air and some Heem in the scraper
Bring it to the club 'cause 'Matic gon' take her
Imma get paper, never be a hater
And if she's 18 I might fuck a 12th grader
Grapes in the swisher, seat way back
System on 30, speakers on blap
So much smoke you would think it was a fire
And blew five blunts, TJ's a liar
Window half cracked, slouched like a star
This bitch probably never watched cable in the car
Yeah, I'm from the Bay, Planet of the Apes
Home of the purple kush, home of the grapes
Seven oh sev, yeah nigga hood hood
Ridin' through Fairfield blowin' on good good
'Matic, yeah I be stuntin'
All in your hood and the scraper on buttons

[Hook 2X: Stressmatic + (E-40)]
Pull up, turn the scraper in the circle
Hit the block one time, tryin' to see who got purp
Who got purple? (I got grapes)
Who got purple? (I got grapes)

[Verse 2: Doon Koon]
Picture my cream fit, like some cocaine
I spit gas like my birth name propane
Scraper clean and I'm sittin on some Dayna Danes
Stunnas on with a big fat dookie chain
Two phones, top and bottom welled out
The way the Bay cultivate, you won't see a drought
Mayne, I got clout, I'm in yo' momma house
Watching 106 & Park, blowin', yurple on the couch
And she got ass, like a lobster tail
Thick and juicy, gimme that pussy
Don't be mad at me, that's just the way it go
'Cause when you smokin purp, it'll tell you 'bout a hoe
It'll make you hyphy, it'll make you stunt
Might make you get a pump, point it at your gold fronts
We call it kick do', gimme all the grapes
Lay it down and let the kitchen towel touch your face

[Hook 2X: Stressmatic + (E-40)]
Pull up, turn the scraper in the circle
Hit the block one time, tryin' to see who got purp
Who got purple? (I got grapes)
Who got purple? (I got grapes)

[Verse 3: Nump]
You got one? I need a three for twenty (Three for twamp)
And if not, you ain't the only one on the block
From Blackhawk to the blacktop
We all want that cannabis club price half off, on citas
On mamas, I need that joog; on mamas, don't sell me wood
I promise you, on everything I love, this shit is rare
Look at all the crystals and purple hairs
Oh, by the way, I need a four piece of them blue woods
I'm goin' to '40's club, you know I gotta choose some
Freshed up, a set of sprays for the smell right
I love the smell of white girl, I'm up all night
Chunking at the function, bail through before 2
Come on, you know how Bay niggas do (What it do?)
Back to the turf dancin' on me scrapers
We love yurple, we love the taste of them grapes

[Hook 2X: Stressmatic + (E-40)]
Pull up, turn the scraper in the circle
Hit the block one time, tryin' to see who got purp
Who got purple? (I got grapes)
Who got purple? (I got grapes)

[Outro]
I got grapes
Ay mayne (I got grapes)
Turn it up! (I got grapes)
Let me ride in the scraper witchu man
Why not?
It's the Bay, man
Harley D stickers on the back
Buick LeSabre
Poppin my collar
White tees
Air Forces
Stunna shades
The Bay, mayne!
Yeah!
(You got it?)