Interviewer: How long have you been taking Heroin?
Interviewee: Well I...
Interviewer: Speak up!
Interviewee: About... two years
Interviewer: What about before then?
Interviewee: I smoked marijuana for a while
Interviewer: How long?
Interviewee: Four or five months, I guess
Interviewer: How did you get started on this?
Interviewee: I don't know... A friend of mine- he started me
Interviewer: Where'd you get it?
Interviewee: I know a guy

[Hook]
Where'd you get it?
I know a guy

[Verse 1]
I'm the guy he talkin' about when he say, he know a guy
Sellin' that there Qaddafi, that eleven five
The jump out boys can't stop me; they don't know how I look
I don't touch nothing, rubber gloves when I cook
Listening to the scanner in the trap
Not from Radio Shack but an iPhone app
Turnin' my money over and gettin' it like I'm 'posed to
My boxers is my holster I'll shoot you in the neck
Where a bullet-proof can't protect
Good chance if I pull it
'Cause I got armor piercing bullets
Flipping houses and buying property in my white boy name
You got a lot of shit to lose, I got a lot to gain
My uncle saved a sister life when they was in the Jone
Somebody tried to stab her with a turkey bone
He know I want out the game, he know I'm trying to get Ghost
He know I don't want the fame; I don't rap, I don't play sports
(none of it)

[Hook]
Where'd you get it?
I know a guy

[Verse 2]
He don't wear a suit and tie
But he tied into some guys that be wearing those suits and ties
He plug like a bachelor with the connect; with the supplies
He thug but come off like a square, but nigga he a rydah
He an old dude, with an old soul and a young thought
Hood famous for cooking dope in industrial pots
Ain't trippin' on the line, like that ain't what he 'bout
He done got it
You renting from the nigga that own that house
A dope crew mixed with some of that new mulla
Tucked off in the suburbs
Soccer moms and cougars
Him and his lady mainy with the ignorance
Open you up if you tried to hop the fence
S Corporations and LOC's
Properties, businesses, entities
Donations, fundraisers, celebrities
Put some bread on the head of a enemy ...beeatch

[Hook]
Where'd you get it?
I know a guy

I'm that guy x4

[Verse 3]
I see everything; I eat a whole lotta carrots
I don't repeat what I heard, like a motherfucking parrot
I might look like a nerd but I'll embarrass you
Stomp you out
I'll step on you with Giuseppe shoe
Papered up like a shredder
Got tools, no Black & Decker
Bitches be all the time, be on my line
I tell her I'm old
They tell me I'm in my prime
This world is cold, it's smirkish and ferocious
A lot of these people snakes or either roaches
It's too many players and not enough coaches
Some of these suckers don't even know what a coach is

[Hook]
Where'd you get it?
I know a guy