[Intro]
Yea uh ah naw its gonna go down right now, ‘s gonna go down right now uh uh acting a fool ( acting a fool up in the local booth ( the local booth) the local booth? yea nigga the local booth
(the local booth) never ?  nuh
A what ?
What the local booth mean? the vocal booth pimp I shoot you out look here oou I mean what with it ? what with it? it is I says me, (what's your name? ) the ambasator of the motherfucking bay
( a bay?) the guru  of independent rap pioneer independent  label hustling off the motherfucking T.O.P. ( off the top)
E motherfucking Forty you motherfucker !
You niggas know I been spittin this shit for many moons, you niggas know you come up off my tycoon boss ballin ass spits ouh
Motherfucker (motherfucker!)
Ya’ll niggas come with that shit coming there besideways and shit (crooked as shit)
Understand this we finna get !
( what we finna do?)
All my loyal fans out here (what about them?) all them motherfuckers out there betrayed me (what about them?)
Suck a dick and a half bitch!
(suck a what? )
Suck a dick and a half (sucka a dick and a half )
Bitch!
(I smell them)
The creator of game ! (uhuh) the inventor of slang ( the inventor of slang)
Aiight s’like tha iight Muggsy
(what uo big bra! ) what up, (what the fuck he doing? ) you straight? (yea Im cool) where the ice who brought it ?
Ya’ll didn't get no ice? (well for my g) he forgot the ice, (ah caveo favo) he dropped my razzie
(Ah dont put your bad on me! ) Caveo did? What?
Silly crazy motherfucker fuck you ! fuck that nigga man that nigga crazy
Ahaha we finna give this mothafucker crackalackin we finna get his(  layd up  on this hoe) ah what
Now that you done  purchase this very valuable piece of information (now that you all did purchase ) lets do tha
And had a hard time taking the plastic off and threw this shit in the middle of the parking lot
Before you done left the record store, right about now you should be reading the credits but what I want you to do (uhu) is stop by the liq ( what's that the liquor store ?) pick up a big ass bottle of burgundy carlos razzie wine
(okok) with a gatorade bottle ( a gatorade bottle) some durben hawaiin pooten bud  crackly over there by the  ( had a little bud a broccoli.. broccoli spot )know what I mean ? a lil dump trucks green kill
We finna act real bad roll yourself up a nice (what) burrito sized mummy
And wait for the ticket to the land ( ticket to where ?) mumma
Ticket to the land (ticket to the land) we finna take you to the land uhh