[E-40]
Sky Balla, E-40, F.A.B
Tycoon Status

[Hook]
Straight from the Bay
'Bout to hit the club, we've been Mobbin all day [x2]

[Mistah F.A.B]
I step through fly, high as the clouds be
Nothing but this ice and these beezies around me
I'm Nemo, your girlfriend found me
Cosmo got the beat, people just bouncing
Color play on my clothes hella loud B
Super clean like my nickname Bounty
You run your city, I run my county
When I'm around, why your boyfriend be pouting?
A sky baller, like Sky Balla
Your girl will go nuts, wet as fuck if I call her
Money stacks high, guarantee mine taller
Try to outshine me?  I'm the sun why bother?
Hurtin haters feelings, my bad, my falter
I'm sitting so high I can see my father
Tycoon Status, no effort try harder
I spit that crack crack like I live in five ???

[Hook]

[Sky Balla]
I'm a tycoon, bitch I'm so bossy
Swag out of this world I'm so flossy
We pop tags, no matter what the price be
Off that purp and Patron we gettin Hyphy
Mistah F.A.B. and your boy Sky Beezy
It's bay biz we make this pimpin look easy
I'm from Frisco, he's from Oakland
Swisher Sweets are the only blunts we smokin
Exclusive blonde bombshells they all pay me
Gotta choose ??? for me it's all gravy
I never would fall in love with a stripper
But I make it rain, I'm a big tipper
I'm a fly boy, all the girlies love me
In the club with my team poppin bubbly
Poppin, shakin their ass on the dance floor
I d-boy step, I don't dance though

[Hook]

[E-40]
I'm on like a pot of cook up, I got the hookup
What you need ether or reefer? Put up or shut up
I never leave without my squeezer, my heater, my mah-uh-millameter
Why you coppin from dude and them?  I got it cheaper
Mayne it's spooky out here, it's real ???
I don't trust nay-body, not even family pimp I'm nervous
Always at a funeral service
I ask myself "Why did they have to take him so young?  Why did he have to die?"
Sometimes I wish I could fly, probably why I be high, try to reach for the sky
Punch a mark in his eye, for being a spy
Pull out a wad full of hundred stacks
Where'd you get that from pimp?  My bottom batch
I'm at it man, hustlin that's my habit
I cut it and bag it, whip it and throw it out into traffic
Stuff it and stash it, triple-double it gotta have it
Paper or plastic, money under the mattress

[Hook]