[Intro:]
What’s d street definition a plush?
They wanna know d definition a plush
What’s d defintion ma mayor?
Luxurious (luxurious). Bossy (bossy)
Ganged up shit brah! (ganged up brah)
That’s right
You feel me, you see a nigga at d dice game?
Ya understand me, an he walk up outta dat mothafucka
With a duffle bag full a scrilla! He plush
You see a bitch wid a big ass! Nigga she plush (she plush)
You see a playa in d traffic havin cash
Gettin money an he’s goin on here, he a plush nigga
He a boss, he a fisher, he a factor

[Chorus:]
Ma niggas want d bread, no crust (no crust)
For our whip,never catch me on a bus
An I still got work, but let’s keep dat on d hush
Up in ma condo everything plush
Ma car so plush, ma bank row plush
Ma chick so plush, everything so plush
Life plush (plush), ice plush (plush)
Gold plush (plush), clothes plush (plush)

[Verse 1:]
I’m big bank Hank no little bread Ed
Came up under d tutoring, of OG Ned
Game sharper dan a pistol, an I thought that you knew sir
I can bump a ho widout bumpin into her
I got oil on ma gun, I talk slick
Be talkin so fast that people be thinkin ma mouthpiece got a shift kit
Highly corporated, 442
I’m a master manipulator, how bout you?
Whey ma weed grinder, I got some cannabis
A fat sucka kush an it’s plush
I a old man nigga, I recoop
Sippin on perrier jouet, broot
Celebratin like we won a penny me an ma team
If you got it you spend it, live like a king
You can find me in d traffic in a rush (in a rush)
Peanut butter guts in ma new school, lookin hella plush

[Chorus]

[Verse 2:]
Wakin up d block wid ma beat knockin pictures off da wall in ma Rubicon jeep
They swear dat we shootin a video down d street
I don’t care what they think I stick to d turf like a clique
It ain’t whey you from, it’s how you comin what you about
An how you carry yourself, status, class, talent, clout
Whatever you  need I got it, if I ain’t got it then I get it
Reup an recop it, flip up ma profit profit flippin
West coast livin, all on a bitch you can find me at bossa nova
At ruth chris
Or maybe in d sky on ma way to Dubai
Or at city near you you, at a concert playin live
Her man is a dummy she wanna gimme his money
I got ma dick in her tummy she wanna taste me I’m yummy
It’s a wrap like a mummy you tryna play me for fuff
That’s a good way to fuck around, get yo head knocked off

[Chorus]

[Verse 3:]
Thicker than bitch wid booty, legs an thighs
Donkey booty like Phaedra, from Atlanta housewives
Gotta shake dat won’t quit, well equipped-all the supplies
(How she look?) A sight for sore eyes
Got that good good, no bamma (no bamma)
Like Carl Carlton said bad mamajama (bad mamajama)
She want a good one in her life so I enter
(What you do?) Dove in it, as if I was a swimmer
They call me 40 runnin thangs, I’m movin d chains
Hustlin an scorin ma nigga winnin d game
Yo life hella borin, ma nigga bitch you a lame
Bitch I’m out here tourin havin fetti an fame
Get ma proppers an dallaz, packers an eagles an choppers
Man me an ma peoples an partnas
Make me stay strapped wid em dallaz
Right now I’m on a branch, a bush
Blowin on dis OG kush (OG kush)

[Chorus]