[Intro]
Bro look who just got in
They say they got all em boys, the dummitory (they dummitory?)
What you mean dummitory? They helmet man

[Chorus]
We punkin em out, punkin em out (x2)
We be punkin niggas out , we punkin em out
We punkin em out, punkin em out (x2)
We be punkin niggas out , we punkin em out

[Verse 1]
Bitch! fuckin em up like this mayne, fuckin em up like that mayne
Pushing his helmet back mayne (back mayne)
Checking ma tracks for foul play, runnin these hoes like track mayne
Giving me all they kinley
Don’t underestimate what you could probably do (probably do)
To him an his so called goons in his crew (called his crew)
Ain’t none a ma niggas soft mate, it’s easy to have you off mate
To a favour or some chump change (chump change)
Gotta be clever and smart, gotta be sharp like a dart
Gotta have money, have harph (have harph)
Me an ma piranhas and sharks
Punkin em out in the daylight afternoon
Fuck the dwart! (bitch!)

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
A jealous sucker, a crack yo china ball (over what?)
Over tramp bitch with vaginal hoe
Where I’m at they dirty
We will thro you outta d car in front yo mama
(what about the bodies?)
Bodies litter the streets, see they even get buried fo weeks
No insurance bro (what did they do?)
So they pass the hat around collectin fo the funeral
They big homies say he ain’t in it but we wonderin
He got cake, we think that he d one who’s fundin em
He got a house in the hood and the suburbs livin lavish
An a souped up charger sayin ‘killer is horseradish’
But it ain’t about all a d money you got barefaced without the masses
We punkin em out, lettin the suckers have it

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
What does ‘punkin em out’ mean?
Earnin your respect, neva lettin up
Keepin yo foot on em niggas neck
Cuttin em niggas down, givin dem dudes the blues
Makin em say ‘we give up, we quit, bro y’all some goons!’
I don’t put not’n pass nobody, or not’n get pass me
Every city got killers, everybody got a hood MVP
Everybody got somebody that love em,everybody got somebody that hate em
Everybody got somebody that like em,everybody got somebody that don’t
See they thought he was a punk, then he came and dunk
Cause everyone knows what I’m talkin about, another thought
See they emptied out the cartridge and they gave him the whole clip
See his family bout that action, if they acted they went to shit

[Chorus]

[Outro]
Punkin em out, never lettin up (okay)
Stand on dem, mayne (I can feel it)
Yea Stan, I’m talkin bout mayne
Comin through wit em big two ways mayne
Rompompom pompom pom pom pompom pom!
Hey Dave, nigga fo life, a month straight (month straight)
Till d niggas say braw quit mayne, you niggas is great
Bitch!
What (x14)