Scorpio, oh yeah, uhuh yeah, wanna make love, oh yeah, huh, uh oh-oh yeah, uh. If you assume astrology girl open your mind, I know that there's an inner freak in you, tell me what's your sign. Oh your a Pisces o-o-o, heard about you. I know that your the type that likes to let me decide, on stinging you right. And when I put it on my mind she be moanin' all threw the night untill the mornin', and I can get it anytime I want it, because she love my sign

She wanna make love to a scorpio, scorpio oh yeah. She wanna make love to a scorpio, scorpio uhuh oh. (2x)

Uh! I'm scorpio man wikapiedia, I'm a scorpio man wikapiedian, I flip bra right immetiatly, with my unique buzzay-uh sneak in my clever word play, you can read up on my history, I'm the fisher from the back. Aria, aria, some of ustalk this way, madafastia, stay, my money, my cuda, my way. My turtle is 9 I guess you should beat the coo coo out the frame, as you scream my name, November 15, scorpio man! You say your man ain't havin' it, you be happy to use your hands in, whoopty, whopty wham it and keep the stack and standin', now test yourself, pase yourself, everything I'm demandin', pase yourself, brace yourself, I'm 'bout to make the landin'!

She wanna make love to a scorpio, scorpio, oh yeah. She wanna make love to a scorpio, scorpio uhuh oh. (2x)

O-o I see you with us because weak water signs. Now let me stop playin' with you it's cause I'm blowin' your mind, first I'll start kissin' you, lickin' you strap up girl and enjoy the ride, it be a long drive, yeah. And when I put it on my mind she be moanin', all threw the night until the mornin'. And I can get it anytime I want it, because she love my sign

She wanna make love to a scorpio, scorpio, oh yeah. She wanna make love to scorpio, scorpio, uhuh oh. (1x)

You think I'll be flippin', but the only flippin' I'll do is flippin' your dress up, not to your neck cup, but enough to get your neck mest up. We can do it on the desk, what? We pressed up. Right off your chest up, woah, but you like the way the desk cut. Right off your landing strip I will be landing lip the way I'm handling hips, I'll be like damn you can drips. You may really like women, but us scorpians refill em', I'll stay in bed I'm really dedrillium. On November 8 I'm gonna go drend her shank, and if you a virgin get your gender ate. She's on limber brake, and off your limbs are great, f*ckin' sleeping in your inner space

She wanna make love to a scorpio, scorpio oh yeah. She wanna make love to scorpio, scorpio uhuh oh. (2x)