Yeah...
Mmm....
Yeah...

Get it in the mornin' cuz I'm so serious...
Get it in the mornin' cuz I'm so serious...

So serious mane... Listen up...
If you a true hustler man, fo' real, you gonna bounce back if you got give back skills...
Fuck all that weeping and whining and crying pissing the bed...
Im'ma make it do what it do...
Get out and get my grits...
I'm on that graveyard shift...
My water bill past due...
Hustlin' tryin' to stay focused...
Got a 24-hour notice on my door...
Business is slow...
I speak the truth...
Blood pressure out the roof...
A long way from being recession proof...
I'm going through...
I ain't tryin' to be a dead beat dad...
I want my kids to have a better life than I had...
My cellular off... need some more minutes over my limit...
Had the money but bought an ounce of weed thought I could flip it...
Man I'm niggerin' cuz that's what some of us black folks do
Instead of paying the bill we gonna buy the new Jordan shoe...
Milk and diaper and baby wipes cost an arm and a leg...
A breast a wing and a thigh...
Hustlin' trying to get by...

Don't underestimate me a couple of days is all it's gonna take me...
Cuz I'm so serious it go like that I drop it off and it come right back...
I get it in tha mornin'...

Don't underestimate me a couple of days is all it's gonna take me...
Cuz I'm so serious it go like that I drop it off and it come right back...
I get it in tha mornin'...

I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired of being broke...
I'm sick of this sequel...
Man I swear I [?] brought down on my luck...
Ain't got a buck to my name...
Dirty, testing, pissing in a cup...
What tha fuck...
They found weed in my system...
I told my girl I was quittin'...
They send me back to San Quentin...
For 90 days...
Did my time and got out...
Now I'm in the unemployment line tryin' to figure shit out...
But the penal system got me by the neck [?]
With my troubled past I can't even get me a job...
My partner rap...
He got his own record label...
They doin' their thing...
If I holla at them maybe they can shoot me some change...
Plus I'm a loyal nigga... man I learn quick bro... I ain't stupid...
All you gotta do is show me one time I can do it...
My fellow put a hustler under his wing showed me the game...
Now I'm doing my thang...

Don't underestimate me a couple of days is all it's gonna take me...
Cuz I'm so serious it go like that I drop it off and it come right back...
I get it in tha mornin'...

Don't underestimate me a couple of days is all it's gonna take me...
Cuz I'm so serious it go like that I drop it off and it come right back...
I get it in tha mornin'...

I'm trying to stay out of trouble and triple double quadruple...
This little change that I got by throwing a few concerts...
But I'm not too sure if I'm ready to spend this mayo...
The reason [?] rap shows don't always go that well...
And the chances are that I probably won't recoup...
So I'm gonna take this loot and book some old school R&B soul groups...
That way the venue insurance won't be that high... And...
Plus I'm minimizing the chances of somebody dying... That's right...

I got a homey that work at the toll bridge...
He make good money, plus he get benefits...
He been hollerin' at me never-the-lesson...
Tryin' to get [?] nigga a job there...
Which is a blessing...
But I don't think the homey really understand...
I'm an entrepreneur man I ain't workin' for no white man...
Attitude of a hood boy...
All my life I been running from the elroys

Don't underestimate me a couple of days is all it's gonna take me...
Cuz I'm so serious it go like that I drop it off and it come right back...
I get it in tha mornin'...

Don't underestimate me a couple of days is all it's gonna take me...
Cuz I'm so serious it go like that I drop it off and it come right back...
I get it in tha mornin'...