[Intro: B-Legit]
Mobb shit bitch
I know you know
But check game though

[Verse 1: B-Legit & E-40]
I'm in the S-C 4-double-oh
Sitting real low, stick in the flo', oh
The ho want me to come swoop
Take her for a ride in my blue Lex Luthor (Lex Luth-ah)
But the bitch ain't got no gas fetti (gas fetti)
So I burnt her like Fast Freddy (Fast Freddy)
Hit me on the first when your mail has come
And maybe we can go to the mall or somethin (to the mall or somethin)
Heavy ass shit for the mind (for the mind)
When I make a zillion I'll resign (I'll resign)
I'm realer than a hundred dollar bill with the line across
When Christmas come around ask Santa Claus
Santa do you know E-40?
Bet you that nigga say "That's my homey!"
We used to perv, grind, turf grind, drink wine, Grand Mar'
Kahlua, milk and brandy almost every day
Cognac is cool, but I'm on gin (gin)
Santa brought me a new Mac-10
Huh, Click shit makes a motherfucker's night
Niggas listen to it cause it's tight
Crooked twisted unlisted on the highways
We riding side-a-ways, biotch!

[Hook: Mac Shawn]
I'm riding sideways, this way, that-a-way
("Smoke up the block and roll sideways")
I'm riding sideways, this way, that-a-way
("Made a left at the corner 'cause it was hoes")
I'm riding sideways,  this way, that-a-way
("I'm lookin' for a bitch, see")
I'm riding sideawats, this way, that-a-way
("Hoes see this type of shit and go Thriller")

[Verse 2: B-Legit & E-40]
I'm riding city to city (city to city), me and Levitti
So get your toilet paper cause it's gon' get shitty (gon' get shitty)
I hit the highway goin East (East)
Twenty-two ounces of yeast (yeast...)
I'm playin this game cause a nigga my age be
I met her last night and today she paged me
Wanna know if B-Legit can kick it tonight (what else)
Only sixteen, way too tight
But age ain't nothin but a number (number)
Baby got her hair done by Shanda (Shanda)
Nine (nine,) ten (ten,) eleven and up
If you bleed, you get fucked (fucked)
No not me, not fo'-oh (not fo'-oh)
I broke the bootch down with a two by fo'
Every fuckin' day is a holiday, celebration
When the bitch is actin' crabby that means she's on her menestration
I be like fuckin' em like this that to the highest (highest)
Talkin' more shit than colitis
I striz-uh, strizuck out in my Cutlass Supreme on a Friday
(Which way we ridin'?) Riding side-a-ways, biotch!

[Hook: Mac Shawn]
I'm riding sideways, this way, that-a-way
("Doin about a buck fifty")
I'm riding sideways, this way, that-a-way
("Danked out, and full of that Cisco")
I'm riding sideways,  this way, that-a-way
("Pervin', swervin', runnin' all into the curb and")
I'm riding sideawats, this way, that-a-way
("About a gallon to the dome, the neck, the head")

[Verse 3: E-40 & B-Legit]
See I'mma hog nigga, Beverly Hillbilly
Neckbone, ox tails, pork 'n beans and chili
Just like my nigga Celly, we likes to kick it silly
Regurgitate and kick a bitch smooth up out the telly
Cause they out there bad ain't satisfied
Hoes just wanna be pacified
But I can't do no justice cause the justice ain't to be did
BIOTCH! You usin too much red
Now I've been known to break niggas off (off)
Hard top or soft, line em up chalk em up as a loss
See me in the parking lot doing my thang (yeah)
Love to see my old school dance in the rain (kick it)
The po-po's came then they closed up shop (kick it)
Smashed through the Hood and we made that hot (yeah)
See the shit don't stop (stop) motherfuckers pop (pop)
Seven-deuce drop (drop) Koni air shocks (mmhmm)
Riding through the shit like Racer X
And if a motherfucker flex break back and necks (back and necks)
Running red lights and the right-of-ways
(How we gonna get it doe?) We get it sideaways, beitch!!

[Hook: Mac Shawn]
I'm riding sideways, this way, that-a-way
("[?]")
I'm riding sideways, this way, that-a-way
("[?]")
I'm riding sideways,  this way, that-a-way
("[?]")
I'm riding sideawats, this way, that-a-way
("[?]")