[Intro:]
Uh! Dope-dope-doh-stove on high!
Dope-dope stove on high!
Uh! Dope-dope-stove on high![x2]

[Verse 1:]
We keep it lit up in dis mothafucka, bricks up in dis mothafucka
We rich up in dis mothafucka, extra clip up in dis mothafucka
Ziplocs in dis bitch, don’t be poxy in dis bitch
Culinary spoons in dis bitch, triple beams in dis bitch
We take dis shit serious, don’t you get it mistaken (get it mistaken)
Packin is our livelihood our real occupation (real occupation)
Sweatin in d kitchen wit d bulletproof apron
Steppin on d yola 8 or 9 ova, give or takin
In d wee hours (in d wee hours), shotgun hours (shotgun hours)
During dis 2 to 4 hour run we sell hiero
Out number d cops (cops), me an ma gang (me an ma gang)
Chompers fresh out d box (fresh out d box), fresh off d train (fresh off d train)
Private property (private property), me an ma maynes go into d mountains an practise shootin cans
We train like d MMA in case we got a nerd go in d garage an put on d gloves (bitch!)

[Chorus:]
Birds in d back room they don’t know how to sly (sly, sly)
We got d stove on high (high, high)
We got d stove on high (high, high)
Birds in d back room they don’t know how to sly (sly, sly)
We got d stove on high (high, high)[x4]

[Verse 2:]
This a million dollar spot, bitchless in here
Twenty thow-wow a week, that’s a million a year (a million a year)
You wit dat action roun here, 7.6 booz, we caught a food action, knock you up out yo shoes
The forensics nor clues, gangsters wid short fuse
Get rid of our threats, an throw barbeques
We read d Robb Report, Forbes an d duPont Registry
We’ve got d latest gadgets, cars, homes an jewellry, no foolery (no foolery)
We play d game for bread an meat, if we don’t grit-then we don’t eat (uh huh)
Airtight, vacuum sealed pep no leak (pep no leak)
Run outta dope, go green an sell broccoli (sell broccoli)
(Bitch!)

[Chorus]

[Verse 3:]
Bitches an riches, whips on sixes cars (cars)
Handlin business, neighbourhood superstars (stars)
No snitches no witness nigga dis block is ours (ours)
Wrought iron fences, windows an doors an bars (bars)
Sidewalk memorials (sidewalk memorials)
We pray an we mourn (pray an we mourn)
Every time we lose one, another one’s born
Look out fo’ dem boyz, watch out fo’ dem feds
They got new technology, gotta stay 3 steps ahead (3 steps ahead)
They can see through walls with radio waves, not infrared
The Xaver 800 is now nationwide spread
Sometimes we look broke, so it won’t seem so obvious
Even though they know we push coke
Don’t wanna attract a audience
When it come to da yola game, mayne don’t play
If you gon’ do it don’t half step, go all d way
Is it worth it I don’ know ma nigga I can’t say
You can live good fo’ 6 years but if they catch you it’s all day (bitch!)

[Chorus]

[Outro:]
Uh! Dope-dope-doh-stove on high!
Dope-dope stove on high!
Uh! Dope-dope-stove on high![x2]
Uh!