[Intro]
Ah yeah..(ah yeah)..it's real
Gonna put it down. all these little crime thangs
Homeless, the world is crazy bwoy
It's like this
It's the way it is
Heavy out there.. it's heavy

[Verse 1]
Was I really such a bad child
That I deserved to get hit with boards
And whooped with extension cords?
Did you forget that I was your creation
And all I wanted from you all was love, hope, and motivation?
Son, you're disrespectful and you're talking back
Get out my face, kicked me out the house
And wouldn't even let me plead my case
Now I'm homeless and I'm freezing like the morgue
The only thing keeping me alive is the Lord
Needless to say it's times like this I'd rather be locked up than
Drinking water out my hands and eating out of garbage cans
Can I come back home, huh, could I?
Son, you're on your own, why should I?

[Chorus: Bo-Rock]
Things'll never change, that's just the way it is
Nobody's even concerned
Some things'll never change, that's just the way it is
When will we ever learn?

[Verse 2]
Huh. three years from now, I think I'm gon' be straight (Straight)
I put my name on the list for Section 8
Tried out for the Army, but I was flat footed
Didn't do no harm to me, 'cause I was used to it
If I apply for some work, let's make a bet
I'll get denied 'cause I don't know about the Internet
What do you think we need to do to change about this nation?
Need to provide more jobs and better education
Nuclear weapons (puh, puh) should be stopping crimes
Already got enough to blow the world up a thousand times
The birds and the bees, deadly disease
Teenage pregnancies, STD's

[Chorus]
Things'll never change, that's just the way it is
Nobody's even concerned
Some things'll never change, that's just the way it is
When will we ever learn?

[Verse 3]
A-wuh-uh, wait a minute, I hear sirens
Oh, that's the couple down the street, domestic violence
Either them or the little girl in 306
She's always telling everyone that she gon' slice her wrists
I guess that's the way it is in the life of sin
Where you'll probably end up dead, or in the pen
But my family ain't no better than the next
My auntie Brenda turned her own sister in for writing bad checks
And saved folks will try to hit you where it hurts
Knowing they the biggest hypocrites in the church
We need to give our minds a bath and do some scrubbin'
Stop the hate and start the lovin'

[Chorus 2X]
Things'll never change, that's just the way it is
Nobody's even concerned
Some things'll never change, that's just the way it is
When will we ever learn?