[Intro]
E-40 in this muthafucka! (E-40!)
Coming back with that 1990s mob, nigga!
(Bring that shit back, bruh!)
You understand that! Uh huh!
(Bring that shit back, man!)
Look! Give it to them straight with that mob shit, man!
You feel?!

[Verse 1]
Wrong side of the bed, that's how I woke up
Throwed in the head, I'm fucked up
Being a minor, I wish my daddy would have never bust a nut
Sometimes I wonder why I'm here
Never freeze up
Never stop in the streets like a deer
Wildlife smell fear
Get you out of here quicker than a spaceship
The realest shit is in it, livin' it, gettin' it
On the grind, trippin’ sometimes
50 cal, fuck a 9
Take your kindness for weakness
Up and down the highway, I stay with a grudge
My family don't even hug
Born with a mug
My partner; Grimey, sell bud
"Only time I go to clubs is when I shoot up clubs,"
With the little homie from the hood, slaggin' ounces
Rode the back of the bus cause they was forced
Hung and dragged by a horse
When I say hung, not the jury and of course, of course

[Hook]
That's why I'm throwed like this!
(Man, I can't help it, bruh! I was dropped on the head when I was a baby, man!)
That's why I'm throwed like this!
(I gotta protect mine! So when I was 9, my uncle and them handed me a 9!)
That's why I'm throwed like this!
(All I hear is sirens and helicopters! Gotta tuck the kids in the bathtub! Bullets ain't got no names!)
That's why I'm throwed like this!
(It's either kill or be killed out here in the 'ville! These fools will kill you, then go to a club!)

[Verse 2]
Banana clip, 30 dick, extra clip
Take a sip
Don't think momma's even aware
Section 8, and WIC
Going through it, having hardship starving
Use a broom, not a vacuum for the carpet
Couldn't try no benefit card, EBT, in the inner-city
You see more children in juvie than elementary
Look forward to the penetentary
Ready, be in there with my uncle and my daddy
Living life savvy, selling candy like a cavity
Catastrophe, tragedy
Please Momma, don't be mad at me
"I love you no matter what happens to me"
That's what I told my momma, reading the Bible
On the way to a revival
Creator or idol, good God Almighty
I hope I don't catch a body
It's shitty like potty
It ain't karate
But they'll kick you when you're down
That's why I keep a frown, keep a hundred-round
Plow a sucka down if I must
Put some cheese on a head, no crust
Pull a nigga wig, no brush
None of you niggas I trust
Most of you niggas wear blush
Pussy-ass niggas, no nuts
Poodle-ass niggas, muts
Telling on niggas on a hunch
(Beeeyatch!)

[Hook]
(Everywhere I go, every time I bend a corner, them people pull me over and hem me up!)
That's why I'm throwed like this!
(Being from the ghetto, it was nights I didn't know where I was gonna lay my head! I had to sleep in the car!)
That's why I'm throwed like this!
(Smoking and drinking 24 hours around the clock! It ain't no love out there for a young black man!)
That's why I'm throwed like this!
(When little niggas get stressed out, they liable to play Russian roulette to see if it's they time to go!)

[Verse 3]
I need some weed, some drink to help me think
To take my mind off the pain
My Benjamin's baldheaded, they need some Rogaine
Going through it, a brotha trying to have some change
Know faces cause I don't remember names
Life can be good, but it can be a bitch
A lot of homeless people used to be rich
Used to have hella chips, paid
'Til the po-po and the batter-ram raid
White-collar crime the same thing too
They in the feds, I know a few
Fools in the federal, fools in the SHU
Locked in the bing, locked in the stew
Incarcerated like you, live it
That's why I always try and go visit
In the visiting room, picture it
COs talking to us like we illiterate
"I admit I'm not a graduate," that's what he say
But his grandmama taught him how to pray
Voted for Obama all day
Raised in the South; lived in L.A
Stubborn, born in the month of May
Everything gotta go her way
"Hella bling," that's what she say
She know I'm out here pushing yay

[Hook]
(Ain't no physical activity for the kids no more! Just video games!)
That's why I'm throwed like this!
(Every time I take a step forward, I end up taking three steps back, man!)
That's why I'm throwed like this!
(I don't know who to trust! Shit, I can barely trust myself!)
That's why I'm throwed like this!
(My momma made me think I was crazy just so I can get a SSI check!)
That's why I'm throwed like this!