[Intro: E-40]
Ay, you want me to spit some shit? Right now?
What you wanna hear? Alright, check it out…
Funky fresh for the AP-9-Tré
Straight from the muthafuckin’ northern Bay
It’s The C-L-I-C-K, all up in your anus hole

[Verse 1: B-Legit]
Loungin’ in the deuce getting wild and loose
A young loc get by fuckin’ with St. Ides
Watching my brother ‘cause I’m loving a pimp
And I can’t wait until I learn his limp
So I can walk that walk, mayne, and talk that talk
Sport his clothes and fuck much hoes
‘Cause as a youngsta, I never knew Nathan
But I knew a Franklin could get me some dank and
I could get an ounce, break it down to 20s
Make my money back and I still stack plenty
With attitude, man, dude, I knew (What you knew?)
That I’ma be a Savage in 1992 (’92, ’93)
A hog muthafucka, filled with anger
A 30-round clip with one in the chamber
And my mean mug foul, make me look suspicious (Why’s that?)
Because I’m way too vicious

[Verse 2: E-40]
Now that I’m knowing some thangs
You know, like running this here rap game
Some ol’ scandalous ass muthafucka wanna put dirt in my name
Boy talkin’ about E-40 and The Click, they the muthafuckas going around here doing all

This damn jackin’
Knowin’ we ain’t doing nothing but rappin’
We just some rapped out muthafuckas…MUTHAFUCKA!
Never could be a busta…MUTHAFUCKA!
Hella folks be lovin’ us ‘cause we real about this shit
My city is on the map now ‘cause of the different styles that we spit

[Verse 3: B-Legit]
Eeny-meeny-miney-mo, catch a nigga by his curl
Got my money, let him go, if not, nigga, shoot the hoe
And let it be known that I’m strapped and ready
‘Cause it’s fonk when you fuckin’ wit’ fetti
Scrappin’ like hogs ‘til the end though
And I was hittin’ muthafuckas like indo
Tackin’ ‘em out, mayne, and that’s fa sho (Who was it?)
Me and 40 Water, lettin’ ‘em know

[Verse 4: E-40]
That we was shakin’ ‘em up, wreckin’ ‘em up, breakin’ ‘em off proper
Bulletproof vest, Glock 10, and a chopper
I go Sing Sing, sick in the head, Napa State retarded
Hollow point hot ones dipped in garlic
I ain’t no sucka, so don’t call me Lollipop
Uh, fuck around and make me mad and I’ma blow my top
(Where you from?) You see, I’m straight from the northern Bay where they spit loogies at

Hoochies
I’m down with The C-L-I-C-K and we smooth old schools, not Suzukis
Beanie caps, pea coats, and all that
Much dap to my little brother Young Mugzi way up there in Sac
(What he doing?) Strapped after dark and I know he’s with this
Huh, ‘cause we way too vicious

[Interlude: B-Legit + E-40]
Yeah, man, a muthafucka way too vicious in this whole shit, you know
A muthafucka just can’t run up without getting done up, you know what I’m sayin’
Muthafuckas overheads in this, boy, you gotta be on your P’s and Q’s, boy
Watch your back at all times, mayne
Know what I’m sayin’, play your cards right, junior
You never know what goes down on this side of town
Ay B, drop that ol’ shit about that other situation, mayne

[Verse 5: B-Legit]
Shit got fonky again last night
So I did a drive-by in broad daylight (Broad daylight?)
Mobbed through the ghetto with the ski mask down
Hopped out the Cut’, let loose some rounds
Boom boom boom (BOOM BOOM), and it was dropper
On straight drama, I think I heard a nigga yell “Mama”
But she can’t help ‘cause she was hittin’ the dirt
(What else?) Fucked up her hip, and ripped her skirt
And guess who comes through?

[Verse 6: E-40]
Who? Me? Perkin’ off some of that Rossi
Me and my whole Mossie
Amped, geeked, juiced, stoned
Twisted, burnt, full of it, gone
In a four-barrel Camaro so we can get up out
Ready to melt some muthafuckas and take the under route
But here comes the po-po’s (DAMN!)
He fucked our whole little PROGRAM
Now we gotta outsmart ‘em, skee-skrt
Hit a couple of corners, that’ll work
Turned off the lights, got out the car, and you can kiss this
Bye-bye now, ‘cause we way too vicious

[Outro: B-Legit + E-40]
Ay B, ay, the proof is in the pudding, boy
Ay, muthafuckas way too vicious, boy
Yeah, muthafucka come in here with a master plan, man
Full diagram and the whole bit
Ay, that’s real though, you know
Ain’t no tellin’, that’s what Jack told Helen
Muthafuckas like us be like really bellin’, mayne, you know
Yeah, on the gooch though, you know
Ay, been a long road though, boy
Long road, mayne—we in here doing this shit though for the tré
For the muthafuckin’ tré
Yeah, moving on, boy, Sick Wid It Records, boy
Finna expand on they asshole, too
Yeah
Hahahaha, that’s real though
Yeah
We be keepin’ that shit like on the super side
On the super super super side
Ay, pass me some of that Rossi though, junior
Here you go, what
The muthafuckin’ Savage is in the house, hahahaha
Yeah
That’s real, nigga; that’s my muthafuckin’ nigga