[Intro: C-Rayz Walz]
Look at me.  Heh.  Belief.  Start to forget that I’m crying like this.  I’m crying.  Oh shit.  Heh.  Dougie!

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
Four to five times, dum-dums blast
In the chest of my brother.  That breath was the last one
I don't believe it.  My heart needs a cast
I told him, “Get out that lane!” ‘cause it was too fast
Ain't it time to cut these yellow lines?  The
Show must go on.  I got his younger brother on my mind
Past tragic.  Wish I knew magic tricks
I bring it back to this physical script
But dreams is broke.  He got smoked for coke
In the form of rock.  Murder worse?  He was on his own block (Damn)
At the funeral, I cried then laughed
At the same time, my wrath had me happy and sad
To reminisce off his unique funniness
Adds up to this.  His life was a gift
To be wrapped in memories from days of way back
Before clips and gats, colored tops, and cracks
We thought bikes was fat and girls was whack
They said you die, black.  But I don't believe that
'Member that time I took the shit in the train station
And you said the cops was coming, but you were just playing
Right after, we robbed that crackhead, fams
That was back in the day.  Damn!
We both had the high-top fades like Kane and
We was fiending for them Nike Airs on Fordham Road
It don't make sense how you just gone
And it don't make rent—how I don't get paid for this song
But it make lint in my pocket when I pull 'em out
And it make me wanna go and (Blao!  Go blao!)
I feel like blasting myself ‘cause my pops is gone
It ain’t nothing going on but the stocks and bonds
Lost in the motion of life, provoking the strife
Couldn't see the day through the motion of night

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz] (x2)
On Fordham Road.  3 Card Molly
Fucking up the icy man in front of everybody
BX the place I was from
BX.  Man, I love that slum

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
Hey Ms. Rios, sorry that I dissed your flag
And when Ty got shot, he had to shit in a bag
But that's okay ‘cause Ra lay on the same corner
On the same ave where I sold marijuana
And Ms. Carolyn was a nosy neighbor
Mr. Sack was screaming loud, but that were the days
Of a ’86 juvenile mentality
Not nice on the mic but brother ain't wanna battle me
‘Cause the knuckle game was Chuck Norris
The gun was enchanted—enter in a buck-buck forest
Without the dollars, more live than Morris
You know how it go for con artists
I remember block parties and .22s and
Lot of serious cats in a funny crew and
Jabu, I miss you.  When you died, I was upset
Couldn't know how it felt to be a Vietnam vet
To hear bombs going off in your ear with big Metallica
Now we in the streets and the jails is like Galaga
They got your DNA samples
Plus they got your female in the house trampled
(Boom, boom) is the hell of the train station
I try to move out, leave the pain vacant
But it stays here and it stays there
Bust out stray shots.  It’s no fair

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz] (x2)
On Fordham Road.  3 Card Molly
Fucking up the icy man in front of everybody
BX the place I was from
BX.  Man, I love that slum

[Interlude: C-Rayz Walz]
Dougie.  Rest in peace.  (Live).  Dougie (Live), rest in peace.  Dougie (Live), rest in peace.  I’m sorry.  3 Card Molly.  Came precise.  Belief deceiving.  Beliefs on the boards.  (Belief!).  What do you believe in?

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz] (x2)
On Fordham Road.  3 Card Molly
Fucking up the icy man in front of everybody
BX the place I was from
BX.  Man, I love that slum