[Hook: Sample from the Addrisi Brothers’ “We've Got to Get It on Again”] (x2)
We never talk.  There was a time when there weren't enough words to say
We never touch.  But I remember when you couldn't keep your hands away

[Verse 1: El One]
I had you gone of you.  Now you won't acknowledge existence?
Knew you from inside and out but now it's from a distance?
I haven't kissed your lips since the day you said you against this
But not in time before I made your mind flip scripts
Into a rhyme misfit.  What a dime
You were defined at a time when your mind said unrefined sick shit
So I inclined to visit with my feelings sugarcoated
I'm a bitch still, but you probably wouldn't have spit real if you noticed
And you fucked me once, then took one more hit.  Sex on the first date
You gave great head like kinks on pornos playing nurse aid
And that's the way my brain thirst me
You all fucked up in the top like the kid on your block displaying the worst fade
So it was on Thursday that I knew you meant the world to me
And you even showed me love though I had made you hurl ‘til three
So I was your girl to be—you set money aside for me
Tripped me out to your friends although you was tripping high degree
Excitedly, who am I to leave?  But, yo, you took it there
After I helped you with all the shit between the hooks and snares
Crooked stares is all I'm receiving with no letters
Weak bitch, don't forget that I made your flow better
In themes of average go-getters
But when you see me out with others, it's pissing me off ‘cause you don't seem so jealous
I should have known better when the weed was neighboring
Why can't you see the only love you need is paper-thin?
‘Bout to get your peeps without raping them real melodic
‘Cause that love you once had on your mind, I still got it
So why you rapping all wild, high, and diabolic?
Just remember that Myles Standish is my byproduct

[Hook: Sample from the Addrisi Brothers’ “We've Got to Get It on Again”] (x2)
We never talk.  There was a time when there weren't enough words to say
We never touch.  But I remember when you couldn't keep your hands away

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
Between orgies and 40s, shorties on tour
You ripped the plastic, pulled up and hit me raw
Seasoned my meat.  You had to do that just to eat
Crazy smooth, blazing you made your energy weak
Kept you wet with desire.  In your chest, I was fire
Hot sex on the highway—lucky driver
In the club or the street, if you seek, you'll find
Told you I was good.  Your peeps said it was all in your mind
I gave you power, coward.  Charm and charisma
You was nobody, bitch.  I was the bomb—ask your sister
Came home smelling like sex—your folks was stressing
What the hell?  Take the "L."  Every lesson's a blessing
Now you paranoid, thinking my boys is out to get you
Thought it was a joke the first time I hit you
And all the times you hit me, was I ever abused?
Gave you what you already had and I felt so used
Chronic fatigue, memory loss—your life's a drag
Roaches in your house, I taught you to let that pass
We analyze errything.  No complains, no doubt
But once you hooked up with him, the truth came out
I used to take away the pain.  Now you act all bubbly
Trying to go against the grain like you just don't love me
You ugly!  I made you the most around people
Call Earl, throw it up in his face.  He won't believe you
In love with a liar, my truth was absolute
But like the DEA, you just need more proof
Still waters run deep.  Now let's test the drifting
And with a half-full glass, you still pessimistic

[Hook: Sample from the Addrisi Brothers’ “We've Got to Get It on Again”] (x2)
We never talk.  There was a time when there weren't enough words to say
We never touch.  But I remember when you couldn't keep your hands away

[Verse 3: Manfred]
How you doing love?  It's been a long time
I know it's unexpected.  Hope I didn't catch you at the wrong time
But you cold hurt me, cursed me out one night
And after that one fight, cut me off cold turkey
Come sunlight, your body felt so dirty
I'm gone now, but why you let me go so early?
It's no hurry.  I told you, "Take it slow," when we first met
But you made a blizzard out of snow flurry
But no worries.  I'm back now
If you ever need me, I'm always here—I ain't too hard to track down
You won that last round but why fight anyway?
‘Cause I got what it takes to make your mind right everyday
Look, we already way past all these petty games
So why you edgy trying to carry all this heavy pain?
Screaming, “Help,” and everybody's ignoring ya
But I can have you in a constant state of euphoria
The more that you try to fight, the harder I twist
Your mind and your body tight like a clenched fist
We intimate—like a French kiss, we're inseparable
Try to pull away if you want, but I'm not letting (Never)

[Hook: Sample from the Addrisi Brothers’ “We've Got to Get It on Again”] (x2)
We never talk.  There was a time when there weren't enough words to say
We never touch.  But I remember when you couldn't keep your hands away