[Intro: Breez Evahflowin’]
Yeah.  Detonator Records.  With another Black Static production.  For each man.  C-Rayz Walz.  And myself, Breez Evahflowin’, like yo

[Verse 1: Breez Evahflowin’]
A splash of bourbon how I mash my word in
Listen now.  This is how niggas get hurt in
This urban jungle box like my office
Bark like a man but he rocks like a novice
I spit ‘til I abolish short-sided economics
Popping “All That Jazz” like Stetsasonic
Tell the crowd, “I’m here to represent and that’s a promise”
The Sun Cycle—that’s atomic super byproduct like birdman
Banging this beat, Black Static in Birdland
Bumped a beautiful racket like Venus and Serena
See me deep for peace, placed at the point of a paragraph
Pimping the narrow path like trapeze
With ease, Breez proceeds to complete the piece
Breathe deep, release heat from my full physique
And rock you, bringing the staff from “Hok2”
Winning ain’t an option—it’s a got-to
After all

[Hook: Breez Evahflowin’ and C-Rayz Walz]
After all that we been through
Finally realized we made it to
Where we gon’ keep it going
Proving and showing

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
Give me a pound, hug me.  Kiss ground and streets love me
Cruddy duddy, Maxi pad pockets for bloody money
Serial/cereal killer spitters breakfast/break fast for a nut in honey
It’s up to you to judge me—when it gets ugly, I spit lovely
Number 3 in the basement.  Pacing, my brethren lay low
Spoons in the bowl stir up a tornado
I left my stress mag on the window sill—that’s OK, yo
Let the Rayz touch it—UV sunlight when you clutch it
Haters love it.  We show, they prove we ain’t budging
Our spot permanent, spit heat, fix ovens, selling thermos kits
Get chips or meet determined bricks, lions’ manes
Fiery flames, best-friends-worst-enemy change
Eight samples in the house as twelve men in streets sang
Prideland legacy, strong cubs and Mini-Mes
Little ninjas who fill Simba’s best memory
Stronghold forever heavenly—the reppers see the legacy

[Hook: Breez Evahflowin’ and C-Rayz Walz]
After all that we been through
Finally realized we made it to
Where we gon’ keep it going
Proving and showing

[Verse 3: Breez Evahflowin’ and C-Rayz Walz]
Yo, this walk got my feet bruised
I need food so I can pump the street news like, “Extra”
Text your editorial like, “Pardon me, dukes
But in my mind, it’s so vivid, you could hear the air molecules”
Moving through the brain unit, mental mind station
Money migration as long as the time racing
Making like I’m in Manhattan rapping to beats
Trapped in the beats, a cold world—too many lacking the heat
So the belly bubbles, spell me trouble.  I can feel it
‘Til it double me over, so I’m seldom seen sober
I’m long-winded speaking in breaths, beat your keyboard with lefts
‘Til we speak in the cleft, seeking success
The mind ditect like an affirmative “Yes!”
And shown to the real why his bag is blue
The live direct, show skills, express death and prove
With sunlight and cold storms, we gonna make it through
Like the naked truth, vacation time to a youth
Blue Hawaiian lu for taking rhymes through the roof
The power of the mind heal the blind with the proof
The product of the shine be divine—envision the cool
Positioned to boost the game.  Root the name
Stronghold, brick roots and veins.  Clips shoot the aim
We reversed the process.  The legend remains
To the fourth, fifth power at the “Top of the Food Chain”

[Hook: Breez Evahflowin’ and C-Rayz Walz]
After all that we been through
Finally realized we made it to
Where we gon’ keep it going
Proving and showing
After all that we been through
Finally realized we made it to...
Eheheh