Stronghold (ft. L.I.F.E. Long, Stelf Index, Poison Pen, Breez Evahflowin’, and C-Rayz Walz) - “Anger”
[Produced by [?]]

[Verse 1: L.I.F.E. Long]
What’s your definition
Of vexed?  Mine need descriptive visual
Peep the view out of my eye camera, see the anger
Raise my stress levels.  The heat’s on and now my talk’s
Whistling similar to kettles.  Not mad—that’s for dogs
Simian pits we left for dicks and those who act like
A uterus, frustrated, past-the-brinks upset
I feel like leaving a cat flatlined, dead on arrival
That’s why all my poetical recitals usually consist
Of spitting ‘til my face be lava-like in color
Larynx stretched out, looking like an invertebrate after lunch
Sounding like, “Aaah!” adrenaline rush

[Verse 2: Stelf Index]
I outlast assassins.  You bastards couldn’t hang
With me if we were runaway slaves and captured
Racketeering like the loser of a tennis match
Like an ass crack, kick shit.  Fuck NASDAQ—hurt your stocking
Cap when you wrote waves.  Ripple timelines, sell
Wreck by the byline, tear off your mind like
(What?!?  Aaah!) Blow away, enter your head
Like random arrests, you don’t know what you in for
Rock, rock, I don’t stop.  Even though they tried
To destroy paradise and put up a parking lot
BX, they say, “Index, you ‘2 Complex.’”  I say
“Check the table of contents.  Chapter: I Don’t Give a Fuck”
Flows splash like climax in belly button, empty sack
Sack your ass before the “hut, one.”  We’re transparent
Like fathers on the move, take it once
Going straight to your head like a blunt... object

[Verse 3: Poison Pen]
Get your shit right.  Drifting, other cats are burning in flight
VIP blast you, beating on site—here’s your invite
Jump on your windpipe.  Channel 47: Lucha Libre
NYC and the BX live from Bed Stuy
Gold medal: turnstile hurdle relay—a hundred styles you’re running
They’re coming now, they’re coming.  You want it?  Now you got it
It’s coming down proper, unstoppable force
Navy SEALs flee from our obstacle course, yelling, “Who’s that?”
Smack your bubblegoose flat, shove you back in your mom’s
Twat for bad-mouthing N.A. Rock.  Ha!
Y’all don’t even know what to think when I started
“Lumbering” through the clubs, knocking over your drinks

[Verse 4: Breez Evahflowin’]
Now most tend to sink in a pseudo-sleep state
By the ghost hand of fate, caught a beating.  My eating
Decreased by elevation of the solar and heat
Now I was told to say, “Peace,” but we war.  I stand confused
At a detour.  Fuck around, which road do I take?
Which road leaving the hour Breez to burn in the lake?
Which Hold is still Strong when the magic is gone?
My songs, we end tragic like a savage of Khan
A magical bong, a parasite, and Poisonous lick
One hit to see the Overfiend fucking demon chicks
As the semen drips, cast off across the screaming lips
I was leaning on the Walz/walls, talking ‘bout, “I seen this shit”

[Verse 5: C-Rayz Walz]
Ain’t nothing laugh, B.  Get off that bullshit like Jason Caffey
Reverse uppercuts make you rehearse Ducking like Daffy
Bloody Who?  Like Harry 2, Rayz when I come through
We spit, stuck to your soul/sole like a gum shoe
I stay Grouchy—fuck a Oscar nominee
My new song should be: “Just Drama and Me”
Getting red like Annie living a "Hard Knock L.I.F.E."
Pens throw Molotov Cocktails when I recite
So hype, I want to fight right after.  Chicks give
Me dap.  My melon yelling, “Cap her/Kap-er.”  Snatch your
Cheese with such speed, you could still feel the Breez
Through trees like a giant sneeze.  I’m
Vegetarian but I hate cornballs.  Next time
You want to C-Rayz/see rays, bang your head on the Walz/walls
Go head up with me.  First, take a detour, sleep more
Red grass field—there’s blood on the lawn
Quick like Spawn, then get off taking yours
Stronghold fortress, we war!
I’m vexed, human, had it up to here.  My days
Of paying dues are over—acknowledged, me’s in there
Yeah!  Motherfuckers