[Intro: Poison Pen and C-Rayz Walz]
Poison Pen: Early.  Some new Stronghold shit.  Exclusive.  L.I.F.E. Long, C-Rayz Walz
C-Rayz Walz. L-to-the-I-F-E, C-to-the-R-to-the-A-Y-Z.  Area 51 like

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz and L.I.F.E. Long] (x2)
Area 51.  Get your guns
Get your money right.  Life ain’t over—this ain’t fun
We try to take funds, not have it
Automatic static—when we release, it goes, “Blao!”

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
These cats is daffodils acting ill
I’ll clean your act and drown you pussies in Massengill
Passing krills, smashing grills, flashing skills
Until rap distills, I’m acting ill with my fashion to build
I’m flashing the bills (What?) like duckfaces (Quack, quack)
With ‘nough aces in the deck to get you jokers wrapped in duct tape, bitch
Fuck fame.  We famous ‘til the pigs frame us
Flame us like Christ.  Blast lasers at these lame punks
Not nighttime trickery.  Write rhyme, fight crime mentally
My trigger leaks inconspicuous as similes
Swerving, molding and urban, holding a turban
Get the message and the molecules while we merging
Disturbing traffic, Static psychological, flaccid
Quarantine you bastards for crackmatic habits
It’s a graphic bomb track fused to a lyrical style
Contact ‘cause when we release, it goes “Blao!”

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz and L.I.F.E. Long] (x2)
Area 51.  Get your guns
Get your money right.  Life ain’t over—this ain’t fun
We try to take funds, not have it
Automatic static—when we release, it goes, “Blao!”

[Verse 2: L.I.F.E. Long]
All hail the ones that bump at night.  Area 51
Duo dynamic inserting flames in mics
With a vice grip, crushing chromes, spit precise
Ancient ritual type walk barefoot on top ice
I’m cold-blooded but warm when pressure rises
Reaching my climax, swing brick fists at your iris
Popped your cornea.  Y’all no want try this
We militant civilians, undercover bounty killers chasing reptilians
Murdering ignorance with consciousness
On the paper chase, controlling lion-driven chariots
In this rat race, we beyond space, freeze time
Stop your balance when the automatic Static
Pump releases lead, talents taking the streets back
Carrying it in syntax.  Cardiño Reyes
Harry Potter quiet riot sneak attacks
Rock shows, get dough.  Get your money up.  Stronghold

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz and L.I.F.E. Long] (x2)
Area 51.  Get your guns
Get your money right.  Life ain’t over—this ain’t fun
We try to take funds, not have it
Automatic static—when we release, it goes, “Blao!”