[Intro: [?] and C-Rayz Walz]
[?]
We hard right here.  We, we straight street.  Let’s go.  Yeah.  Once again.  [?] Boogie.  This right here is C-Rayz Walz.  [?] Triad.  Let’s go
[C-Rayz Walz]
Runaway, runaway, runaway slave theory.  (Stronghold!  Stronghold!).  Yeah.  C-Rayz if you hear me.  Sun Cycle.  You’re too close if you near me.  “T.O.P.”  I’m your brother—don’t fear me.  People Army spaced out with particles galore.  Studio 116, “Articles of War.”  Triad, Triad’s in locks.  “Articles of War.”  Read the pages, yo

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
Yo, perfect timing.  (What?).  Is it worth it rhyming?
Well, I’m working, grinding as a person trying
I sip my drink.  Multitalented, I think
How my peoples on the brink living extinct
You know who grab the microphone and flow no pranks
Strong enough to go butt-naked with rocks against tanks
You don’t understand my block harassed by cops
Who wanna feel my balls like they searching for rocks?
(Yeah) Yeah, I know.  Yeah, they searching for knots
I’m thirsting to pop—another missing person, bursting the shot
From the Glock.  Attack in slow motion
Commotion stops.  Stronghold coaching your plot
Make a toilet post up when we approach ya
(C-Rayz) I’m not interested in your toaster roaster
But this 9 will Park your mind like you testing Rosa
Get up!  Get out your seat!  It’s over
We not friends ‘cause you rap.  Don’t give me your DAT
Cut the wax?  Nah, I got samurai swords for that
Chop your head off with a tap from my finger
Y’all cats raps ‘cause y’all can’t be singers (Slap)
This is off my rack now like my hat to the back
Track-my-hairline rhyme—the mind goes back
Yeah, I’m looking just like my pops
And I swing like him—this time, it’s minus the rocks
I smuggle the microphone inside clubs to rock
I guess both of us really have a talent to rock
Most brothers try to escape the block by
Going to rock or pushing rock
See, we all pushing the rocks, kicking the dirt
You got a better chance pushing the rock, putting in work
You might score if you get a chance to take a shot
But don’t stop.  Hot hip hop’s flagrant
But they make you rock for a CIA agent
The way I rock make your eyes puffy when I see ya
And they can’t hold me down like Mumia
On the move like John with a magic wand
You don’t want to go against them ancients, human pawn
Running calm ‘til he jumps over your picket fence
Like a native sorceress, mystic, intense
In both songs, y’all were speeding, your eyes bleeding
Watching me playing with crystal in Eden
Ten naked queens giving me [?] with great [feet and?]
I ain’t even steaming seeing they bodies like that (Know what?)
I seen it before (Seen it).  I know how to rap and act (What?)
So don’t be confused by my diamond shining, cuz
No shit represent the power of love
And the pearls is Tahitian.  Keep breathing
I’m Mars.  You bitch niggas is from Venus, penis
I’m ill like rocking Mecca in Mecca
Drinking tangerine nectar in the Cabo sector
Spitting skill with sound but found found weapons
Repping with an ill roundhouse like Tekken
So do the knowledge.  It’s not a game in a booth
The Sun Cycle.  I explain truth to the youth
Wrote the verse in a hearse across from a church
Had to drop the pen.  Hold my head.  Thoughts burst lead
First thorough borough bread—the golden egg worth it
The purpose: rehearse death ‘til I live perfect
Goose gander.  “God Geography” grips the globe
Leviathan lust got you stuck with swole lymph node
Lost souls soak up scrolls through Morse code
And sip a six pack from Satan’s torso

[Outro: [?] and C-Rayz Walz]
Huh.  “God Geography.”  “God Geography.”  “God Geography.”  The body and the mind at the same in time (Time).  Studio 116.  Triad, “Articles of War.”  (Runaway slave).  Articles implore, universal doors open and we out, and we out.  Yo, [?], we on out.  Yo, [?].  Yeah.  [?].  You know my people.  NIW.  Huh?  Huh?  Huh?  Stronghold, People Army.  Get free, get free.  “Articles of War”
[?]
Uh.  Studio 116.  Uh