[Hook: C-Rayz Walz]
MCs, your life's on the line
You might as well shoot the free throw while the ref holds the 9
If you miss, the clip lifts your brain through the twine
With a bucket on your mind, you kick the illest rhyme
And though you run out of it, you still have time
And if you hit, you might get to shine
Barb wire fences.  Word up.  Raise the level of the cut
Now you ducking the sentence—cha-pow

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
My lines illuminate.  Can you relate?  I'm Tron
For you to get signed, I would have to break your arm
The Sun Cycle strictly repping
Beware, your career could be gone in 60 seconds
Stronghold number 5.  It's nothing to fear
You better off sword fighting a Musketeer—yeah!
Nobody gave me nothing, so I ain't having it
But you don't hear me, though—I might as well be speaking Arabic
Going out like a terrorist, the stage is sin
I write bomb music with grenade pens/pins
Like margarine, I do go against the grain
For you to feel Smartha, you would have to touch my brain
You don't know me.  Don't speak my name in vain
I'm C-Rayz, keeper of the flames, explain the difference
Of MC and singer
You internet head (Shh), don't come out your fingers
‘Cause I reach through computers and slap kids
Shut your cipher down quick like Theo Ratliff
The Pied Piper running with weird fiddlers
Making crowds throw they hands in the air like Hitler
But I'm not Jewish—I never been gassed up
I'm a runaway slave with asthma holding a pump
And while y'all front and play the movie role
Lines I write be tight like insect booty hole

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz]
MCs, your life's on the line
You might as well shoot the free throw while the ref holds the 9
If you miss, the clip lifts your brain through the twine
With a bucket on your mind, you kick the illest rhyme
And though you run out of it, you still have time
And if you hit, you might get to shine
Barb wire fences.  Word up.  Raise the level of the cut
The mentality’s endless.  Hmm...

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
Well this ain't fantasy island—my family's wiling
To the violins, tryna explain humanity's violence
Your brain (Silence) activates, screaming "The toast is coming!"
I take aim and I'm seeing your ghost is running!
We can start at men in arms, end at wrist bone fractures
Master the universe, cause natural disasters
“Top of the Food Chain,” “Keep, Keep, Keeping It Raw”
Showing traces of death, flowing to sketches of Skeletor
High “Degrees,” put “The Smackdown” and kill a vulture
Handle B.I., but see, I fulfill a culture
The fine line between sign and divine mind crystals
Blow spots, hit the bullseye with live rhyme missiles
The realm where four pockets hold eight items
Explode off the top of the brick (Spit!) and mic fight them
Excites ‘em with the line of the century
Over your head like barb wire fences in penitentiaries
Mention me, eventually, avenging the energy
On point.  Darts accumulate in the breast vicinity
Stuck in the trenches, the god fires a sentence
Twice as broke as you are—that makes me relentless
The cipher’s an oval office—blasphemy's been barred
The true support while few report like Ken Starr
So the righteous will be what the wicked they'll see
My mentality's roundhouse—come kick it with me

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz]
MCs, your life's on the line
You might as well shoot the free throw while the ref holds the 9
If you miss, the clip lifts your brain through the twine
With a bucket on your mind, you kick the illest rhyme
And though you run out of it, you still have time
And if you hit, you might get to shine
Barb wire fences.  Word up.  Raise the level of the cut (Bring that back)
Now you stuck in the trenches, defenseless (Don’t!)

[Outro: C-Rayz Walz]
Don’t panic now.  C-Rayz Walz.  Face on the bars, punching yellow pillows ‘cause y’all soft.  Panik, Molemen, Stronghold, BK.  You know how we, DJ.  The intro is leaked—barb wire fences early for you