[Intro: Gino Green]
Get that.  Now.  [?] Alliance

[Verse 1: Gino Green]
In verse, you know it’s Politics and Earth first-class
Love, Power, and Cash
Four fists hitting the oak wood, finish [that style?]
Bring you off the Alps with a scalped wig
Because we think big, calculate to win
Balance the scales, achieve victory
P.O.E., L.P.C. get in
[?]
This lime is esoterically refined as
Reflector, protector of the 7, 8, and 9
[Read it?] down my [?] line
Who instinctively feel the success of a slow grind (Cosign the mint)
See it in her prime.  Cosign the mint
The mind ditect mine in the skits
Yellow and Blue Regime
It’s beautiful women, high energy, and big money
Money Green (Green)
Getting high beams and trying to avoid
Pass time in a [?] holding cell
Life is strategy
Know how to utilize your queen, new techniques to breathe
Truth is constant in the get-money cycle of hell
That why I deal in the now
Gotta make a contribution to the Dow
Ayyo, we deal in the now
With the insight of Mao
Say tongue on four tracks backed by none
Green Regime, [?] Alliance
Uh, peep the science
From the mint to the blue Hawaiian (To the blue Hawaiian)

[Verse 3: C-Rayz Walz]
To the blue Hawaiian
I shoot guns, stab knives, slice razor blades
I crush mountains into dusty pebble grains on planes
Wild like hurricanes, I kill props for fames
I drowned water—guess I’m too hot for flames
I battled trains for tracks, so, on tracks, I’m trained
C-Rayz Walz with everything to gain
Station, station.  Man, my command creation
Satan’s plantation burns annihilation
Germ elimination.  Peace to my nation
Procrastination for his mind disintegration
Sin was the first sensation.  Temptation
Leader of my generation the revelation
Self-determination led to my elation
With patience, constant elevation
Facing, spacing, disrespect [herbs to?] hospitalization
Pupil dilation, plus no visitation
You’re tired of living—add death, the permanent vacation
Takes you to a ill destination
No compensation.  You wait centuries for reincarnation, life rejuvenation
Station, station.  Man, my command creation
To the essence with no continuation
Deep isolation, the power of imagination
Relaxation, thought cultivation
I exist on a high vibration
What goes around comes back around--circulation
Strive for perfection, lion connection
Graze in the pasture.  Syllable slasher
Metaphor ambassador
Cultivate captors, splash her
Honolulu blue
Grip on my bag of six, and that’s peace to you
A Rumble in the Bronx without Jackie Chan
After the battle, MCs like, “I love you, man”

[Hook: Gino Green] (x4)
[?] Alliance
Peep the science
From the mint to the blue Hawaiian