[Verse 1: Freddie Bunz]
Arielle was a precious, down-to-earth, pretty girl
Partier; could probably outdrink any girl
7th grade, in homeroom stressing
She used to help me with this little math class session
Multiplication, linear equations, factorization, scientific notation
God-given beauty with natural ability
Argumental without showing hostility
Washington, DC, clowning on the bus
Secret Service bum-rushed us cause Bill Clinton's coming
Are you shitting? We wouldn't kill Bill Clinton
We was more interested in finding where the pith is
At nightfall, in dazing places
Smithsonian Museum of Air and Space
And while you're mourning
Me, I'm never crying
Your legacy is living cause to me you're never dying

[Hook: Freddie Bunz & C-Rayz Walz] * 2
You can live every second of the day having fun
Or you can be pissed, never get anything done
You can celebrate life
Or you can want death
I'd rather celebrate
Cause in the heart she never left

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
Seeing J in 2000 (?)
The first time I seen him
Almost went heat-to-heat at the Fat Beats freelance (?)
I know I speak on behalf of the Rotten Appleists (?)
And for many soldiers from Minnesota, Minneapolis
The Leaning Tower of Pisa you bought slices for fans
Budweisers in hands, looking like you in the band
I'm at a loss for words, with no Scrabble
But I'm glad you beat Technique in the Fat Beats (?) battle
I thought it'd be me and you, same at Blaze
Ten years later, still got flavor, daze
Freestyle leaders, follow the spark
To understand The Many Faces of Oliver Hart
From the Fifth Element to the first rapper who staged(?)
To urban plaza(?), getting hype off rage
Rhymesayers forever, every verse is a blessing
Abilities manifest, we on earth for a lesson
Your vocal's a Moghul (?), no wonder
Instead of a cell, you gave me your home phone number
So when I heard news of your passing, I called up Kathy
Like, "Ma, what happened?"
And she confirmed the truth of strange factors
Headshots couldn't explain the brain fractures
(That night (?))
In my mind every time I rhyme you've always been
Now you gotta trade verses with time, divine flim (?)
So tell the Father: The sun is still shining
Living light, cause a bright Eyedea never dies
Mr. Larsen, you left the mic molested
The truth of real talk, this ain't no deep confession
Dope on the whole, so I know it's peace you rest in
Overloading the flow 'til the beat's congested
First Born
As I mourn feeling torn By the Throat
On the Carbon Carousel, I forgot what I wrote
This Is Where We Were, you're where we all gotta go
Face Candy, sad face (?), happy clowns on the low (?)
No joke, this is The Some of All Things
Your advice: When in Rome, kill the king, like Larsen

[Outro] * 2
You could count every star in the sky at night
Live by the tongue, die on the mic
Infinite Clock Ovens (?)
Time's never done
All apart we come together as one to celebrate