C-Rayz Walz - “Body You”
[Emcee(s): C-Rayz Walz]
[Producer(s): Jo Chris]
[Sample: Johann Sebastian Bach - "Brandenburg Concerto No. 3 in G Major"]

[Intro: C-Rayz Walz]
Body you (x10)

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
Round Table talk from the psycho-faced author
Put your money on this one that is a scorcher
Hot like summer days on Mars, some of these are stray bars
Innocent emcees might get hit and scarred
Yo, shit's bananas, wild for the night.  Kids get hit
With the quickness, those metallic hoes leave no witness
Crucial conflict is police containment.  My arraignment
Is verbal.  I heard you, merge through
SH5, herbal lye, disturbing news
Getting my tax return for paying dues
Gassed up like poots in a space shuttle booth
En route to the sun in a jumping jack suit
Jheri curl juice on your sheep skin, short off
The deep end with spiked pillows sleeping
From my passion in life, I'm splashing the mic
You want to body me?  (What?).  You must've seen a casket you like
This tip is hollow. One mistake, someone could borrow your life
So deal in the now (Blao!) or tomorrow's tonight (Blao!)
I aim to laugh at your craft and blast silver (Blao!)
And if you ever write rap, we'll kill ya

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz] (x2)
Body you lobby or stoop.  Body you
Front of your building, elevator, back step, or the Coupe
Body you on the mic, show and prove my sound
Body you, bring it to the final round

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
My new script is front-row music, stupid
Want to reduce this.  Flows clog like mucus.  My exclusives:
Body-you tracks.  Clue can't get his true spit
In life's movie, I direct like Kubrick.  You clueless
I was born to do this.  You got no props
Called your girls house.  She was like, "Who's this?"
Impromptu improvement nullify the nuisance
Twist your wig like hurricane musician movements, show, prove
And move quick.  See the aura from this brightly lit human?
Scientists wondering what I'm doing.  Poems on bones
Near stones in Rome ruins.  Fuck police!
They'll body you—tune in full-frequency
[?] you on the wrong side for choosing.  Be born
Again, body yourself in seclusion.  The rest
Of fluid flows in my pen to paper unions, scripts I write
Be sunlight hype like little children, but ain't nothing
Sweet like cotton candy, so slow your stroll
‘Cause, in real life, I'm fat like Rolli Roll
I'll body you and whoever you’re spitting close to
Approach you where you lay your vocals and choke you

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz] (x2)
Body you lobby or stoop.  Body you
Front of your building, elevator, back step, or the Coupe
Body you on the mic, show and prove my sound
Body you, bring it to the final round

[Bridge 1: C-Rayz Walz]
Run up, run up, run up on you
And with the right crew...

[Verse 3: C-Rayz Walz]
On the rise, [?] your fat snot.  Sleeping on
The D Train from the first to the last stop.  This is for
The have nots—take that.  I sing boasts
Float notes while my quotes crash yachts—take that
Drop sixteen on an 8-Track, B.C
Date cats: Before C-Rayz.  I was firedread
Rocking the solar cap, Red Rover rat
Green light, but I can't go for that
Now go for this and get your wrist split with a hatchet
Put holes in your cipher like a tennis racket
Be a tough character: too petty to stress cats
I'll body you on an MTV Celebrity Death Match (Kill him!)
A smart kid grew up on a dumb block.  Kill you at
A basketball game with a jump shot.  I'll body you
For thinking you could fake the art
Vampire bloodsuckers get a stake through the heart

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz] (x2)
Body you lobby or stoop.  Body you
Front of your building, elevator, back step, or the Coupe
Body you on the mic, show and prove my sound
Body you, bring it to the final round

[Outro: C-Rayz Walz]
Body you!  NASA, Jo Chris, C-Rayz Walz, Def Jux, Definitive Jux, Ravipops, C-Rayz Walz, NASA, C-Rayz.  Word