[Intro: Sample from Ninja in the Dragon's Den]
Listen, you little faggot.  If you keep falling on your ass like that, you’ll suffer brain damage

[Bridge: C-Rayz Walz]
Allow me to crush your dreams
And now we may discuss the thing
Get big, I’ll detach your wig
Cultivate pyramids and build for kids

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
Everything in the cycle, your demonic genre
Will be clutched by the powerful force of karma
You think characters is cool ‘til they frostbite
Showing and proving.  A wise fool must knew and lost sight
Home is where the heart fits
Believe in God, but tie your camel before you cross the River Styx
Dance with the wolves.  Don’t scale full moon in your sheep skin
Spiked, yellow casket dead on the point—sleeping
Flood the industry and wear these high waters
Get your potato head bashed, smashed into a side order
Scientific torture.  These black dots
Little respect in the white backdrop—Ravipops
You blue bloods want to trap me.  Exactly
Ignorance is bliss—dig this—I ain’t never been happy
The gift of the verse, the trick of the curse—watch me carry it
‘Til I go chrome and Swing Low in a Street Chariot
Carry me home, let Harriet tally my bones
And winter poems, holmes.  Make sure you bury the tome

[Hook 1: C-Rayz Walz]
Brain!
Brain dead.  Brain dead, brain dead (You know you)
Brain dead.  Brain dead, brain (B-b-b)
Brain dead.  Brain dead, brain dead (We all)
Brain dead.  Brain dead!
If the mood is right and the music’s tight
If you use your sight, you won’t lose the fight

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
Accept death as the ultimate consciousness
I’m confident.  Confusion is bondage, kid
Physical chemicals create elegant beams
That turn men to mice just to make elephants scream
At least my theme’s original!
Behold the dream of the most seen invisible
You a liability.  ‘Cause of my lie ability, I’m peace
But the truth is you an enemy (Enemy)
Cry freedom!  This is hate crime immunity
Bassline in tune with the groove of the community
And you falsehoods never give to ghetto youth
On behalf of my A-side, this is what I B/be living through
Grace and grit.  You exist as a waste of spit
Reshape your greatest light to a ink blot drip
Get Buzzed like Lightyear peers of infinity
And my walk is much worse than your biochemistry
You hold heat?  So?  What we carry’s hotter
Buck 50 on your head now like Harry Potter
You just Spud Webbs playing D on Shaq
I’m beyond gats and neon plaque—I’m eon fucks
You peons, black.  Neo cuts “Degrees” on wack
I leave y’all stucks to bleed on hacks
And the facts could stack to put me on maps
Ya?  (Ya?).  Tell the streets I done it
My speech peach reaching sonic summit
Lines hook—it’s a mind jux.  Exactly
Besides, you don’t want blood on your khakis
From being

[Hook 1: C-Rayz Walz]
Brain!
Brain dead.  Brain dead, brain dead (You know you)
Brain dead.  Brain dead, brain (B-b-b)
Brain dead.  Brain dead, brain dead (We all)
Brain dead.  Brain dead!
If the mood is right and the music’s tight
If you use your sight, you won’t lose the fight

[Hook 2: C-Rayz Walz] (x4)
I will kick my feet
Scratch my dick and fix you something to eat