[Intro: C-Rayz Walz]
Ladies and gentlemen and you know, uh, and everybody else.  Hehe.  In this corner, same cats that [?].  (Weighing out of the first...).  This is not, important, man.  [?].  All of you do know very well who I am.  Now...

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
It’s been a long time.  I shouldn’t have left you
But I was babysitting my nieces and nephews (Oh)
Labels’ll pay you two cent for them hood rhymes
Last time I wanted a Penny, I was watching Good Times
You ain’t popping.  If so, we soon to see, liar
Flame off the top.  I pour water on your Kundalini fire
In my spare time, what I write’ll make you fear mines
Each rhyme sharp like parts of Grand Puba’s hairline
I’m a soloist—I hurt teams most
And get the whole house shook like Thirteen Ghosts
No, fuck that!  I’m tired of this buck-rap.  Hip hop slug
Thugs knocked the fuck out—fuck ya love tap
This is the round trip ticket—you’ll catch a bus back
I train where I conduct jacks, so don’t get stuck, black
Acting like it can’t happen, you’ll owe me a plaque
Like the Lakers ain’t still got Kobe and Shaq

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz]
They call me C-Rayz Walz.  Clashing, mashing, splashing
(Is he nice?)  Man, who you asking?
C-Rayz Walz.  Spilling it, killing it
You feeling it?  Any show I get, I’m stealing it
C-Rayz Walz.  Hip hop.  Rip shot
Get rocked.  Let ‘em know that I came to rock
C-Rayz Walz.  And I shined before I signed a deal
And you know I’m real

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
The reason my form is complete and sick
My style was born spored on a Petri dish
In a room with microchips, blips, and math quotes
Alien graffiti on my lab coat!
But now I spit hard, rip these bars and simply sell
‘Til I hit rock bottom like an empty well
This is for the love, but I do profit
While y’all cats is sooner to get Junior than Lou Gossett
When I blacked out like dark-skinned brothers—those you kill (No!  No!)
I see the price of paper—it’s poems for sale
If you too shook to get busy
I’ll punch you in the stomach, make the butterfly dizzy
Telepathy’ll make your clique about faith
Tryna play me like the monkey in Outbreak
This A&R try to tell me who I should rhyme like
[?].  His shell toes have five stripes

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz]
They call me C-Rayz Walz.  Clashing, mashing, splashing
(Is he nice?)  Man, who you asking?
C-Rayz Walz.  Spilling it, killing it
Feeling it?  Any show I get, I’m stealing it
I'm C-Rayz Walz.  Hip hop.  Rip shot
Get rocked.  Let ‘em know that I came to rock
C-Rayz Walz.  And I shined before I signed a deal
And you know I’m real

[Verse 3: C-Rayz Walz]
Stand up, hands up, touch ceilings
Headphones in your ribs—listen to your gut feelings
Revealing questions.  Do you have answers?
No.  You’re Dorothy.  I’m the hurricane in Kansas
I’m blessed.  Don’t make me put the speakers to your chest (Boom, boom)
Force you into cardiac arrest
Turn clubs to paper, leave stages ripped up
Albums are special ed kids—they gotta be picked up
My shadow superior (So?).  I scheme on crews
With enough skills to make the village voice scream on you
Violate your rights.  Then the bragging ends
Put two in you bitch niggas like you having twins
I don’t care what you seen or heard.  In fact
I’m C-Rayz Walz, off the bean curd rack
And you wack acts is lame.  It’s a shame—admit it
I could write a whole album off the brain in five minutes

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz]
They call me C-Rayz Walz.  Clashing, mashing, splashing
(Is he nice?)  Man, who you asking?
I'm C-Rayz Walz.  Spilling it, killing it
You feeling it?  Any show I get, I’m stealing in it
I'm C-Rayz Walz.  Spit hard, rip bars
Good God.  Let ‘em know that I’m on my job
I'm C-Rayz Walz.  And I shined before I signed a deal
And you know I’m real