Frank151 ft. C-Rayz Walz - "C-Rayz Walz Freestyle (Frank151: That Grown Man)”
[Produced by Kwame (Original Instrumental from LL Cool J - “10 Million Stars”)]

[Bridge 1: C-Rayz Walz]
My breath smelled like hummus.  Nobody want
To give.  They just want from us.  In the hood
It’s all good but it gets better ‘cause it’s mad
Bad.  Brothers die for cheddar
Mice-trapped together.  Rats packed together
Rats clap whatever.  Cats snap, they clever
Dog bark

[Interlude 1: C-Rayz Walz and PF Cuttin]
[C-Rayz Walz]
Yeah.  Shhh.  C-Rayz Walz.  (Woah, woah, woah).  Frank 151.  (The Prelude).  Yo, what’s up with this?  Yo.  (Stronghold).  Word.  (Stronghold).  Yo.  Uh.  That Grown Man
[PF Cuttin]
As we continue on, it’s your man C-Rayz Walz, baby.  Grown Man Part 2, come on.  Shout-out to the West Coast.  Aight?  Everybody in the East Coast.  Europe.  Let’s do it.  Come on

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
Real stars cluster—when you see me with my group, I shine bright
I see the Sprite in your dark lemon—now peep my Limelight
The divine right: using my hindsight, I got beef covered
Shitting on enemies in the streets and, deep, I hover
My craft slash rap.  Rats my backdraft
Math shatters your perception just to leave your third eye glass smashed
And these rap quotes fortified with “Black Soap”
Fuck a rap, bro.  My block is a crack track—now that’s dope
Like heroin strokes.  And you don’t want jack in your rum and coke
I’m dumbing, loc.  My theme’s like a scene from them Drummond folk
When police barricade my phrase or I get slayed (What?)
Blaze from shots sprayed out my brother’s scope
And when they touch my penis and ask for my ID
I said, “I’m Jesus.”  Motherfuckers still don’t recognize me
From New York to Denmark, I terrorize beats
Wanted worldwide, my managers must disguise me
But I remain lively instead of dead—I’m introducing
My life as a product, looking for distribution
And I ain’t shopping my shit.  Y’all wanna steal my spirit
So I’m dropping these hits ‘til I feel y’all hear it
And when I get near, I’ll be too far out for staring
Fear disappears when it’s it war I’m declaring
They scared you with The Towers, but we been in Babel
So don’t give me a pound, clown, with sound.  I might stab you

[Outro: C-Rayz Walz]
No doubt.  No doubt.  Fuckers