[Intro: Mr. Metaphor]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.  Mr. Met, C-Rayz, Breez Evaflowin'.  Forever knowing.  Word up.  Yo, let that beat drop, you nah'mean?  I want to hear that shit, to make my head rock.  Yeah.  I like it.  Check it out.  Yo, yea, Mr. Met.  Check it out.  Yo

[Verse 1: Mr. Metaphor]
Challenge me (uh-huh).  I'll split you like a personality (uh-huh)
Toss one into the ocean and the other off the balcony
Take a bite of me.  You wanna battle me badly?
Son, you sadly mistaken—I'm taking your heart for charity
Make you a memory, forever remember the melody (uh-huh)
Mystically, magically casting a spell—put you in agony
Half of me's energy, half of me's chemically imbalance-y
I challenge the majority (what), muthafuck authority
Spit like there was four of me.  Metaphorical imagery
Wintery wonderland lifting me visually, vividly
Son, I'm living the life, stripping the light out of the galaxy
Brooklyn Academy climbing around the walls of insanity

[Verse 2: Breez Evahflowin']
Yeah, I stomp beats with the feets of extinct reptiles
I drink shit outta red vials 'til shit get filed
Set style into motion like the mic mechanism
Mic check the rhythm.  Furious five live
Got reincarnated on a different timeline
S, T, R, the O... you know the rest (Stronghold!)
Flow the best.  Happy seeing cops with exploded vests (Blao!)
I'm so depressed, I write rhymes to go to rest
Sold the best shit this side of a death kiss
Restless, spit aggressive like "Fuck y'all" (y'all)
Expose y'all for bitches—now the bitches won't fuck y'all (y'all)
What's up, y'all?  I spit.  Now you're giving shit up?
All the talking.  Now you like walking on lava
There's the mic but don't bother.  I'm alike to your father
I write, tip the barber blade, snip a clip
Transform to Mxyztplk, start super-baffling hypocrites
Six shots short of a single clip
Bust off your wing with this.  Your DJ swing on my single dick
Rock it like he fucking back me up on the road
But let Static reload—he too tragically goes
And your label ain't gon' help you neither
I'm a believer in internet fever that got 'em falling to the Queen of Shiva
This shit is wet and you ain't no water breather
You better leave this shit to Breezer.  Take a breather

[Verse 3: C-Rayz Walz]
I'm one of the illest things you can think of
Like SisQó slapping Mike Tyson with a pink glove
I know you fucked up.  Y'all should've dropped acapellas
'Cause you smoke crack, that don't make you down with Roc-A-Fella
You're a bastard, aborted from the mothership
Like a greedy fly, you always on some other shit
These ain't battles (what?), these are lyrical punishments
I'm your pops, man—look at what I done to the kids
I feel bad—it's because of me that they spit
Your moms went out to buy tissue, never came back.  I knew she was full of shit
You wack and the fact you and I know both:
The best rhyme of your life will be a suicide note
That's a joke.  I did it in-store
Took your girl to my house and did an inwhore
Told her I was a Ewok from the planet Endor
You lack.  Fuck rap!  Play an accordion, y'all
You couldn't rock the crowd if you threw stones at the audience [with Walz?]
With one score, y'all found out we too raw
I've seen so much bitch in you, I thought you were shoe stores
I slap crews for sounding wacker that Shaq Fu
Until Redman comes through and screams, "That's you!"
No, your better say is "I'll be wack"
Or I'll react like hammers just tapped my kneecaps
Blat!