[Intro: Samples with DJ Ruff Neck Scratches]
“C-Walz” - Sample from [?]
“I’m so ahead of my time” - Sample from Big L and Jay Z's "7 Minute Freestyle"
“Like a helicopter Lexus watch” - Sample from C-Rayz Walz’s “Classic”

[Bridge 1: C-Rayz Walz]
I’m gangster—I hold doors for ladies
I’m gangster—I love all the babies
I’m gangster—yeah, I protect my life
If you gangster, reflect my light, money-gripped

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
Sperm bust the way gats do: unexpectedly
Take life or create life very effectively
Blame it on your pops (Why?) ‘cause he was a thug
Or you could blame it on your mom (Mom) ‘cause she did drugs
Or blame it on your family for not spreading the love
But you make the final choice and you will be judged
There’s truth in everything, so I listen to fools
‘Cause I ain’t really learned nothing from my teachers in school
And when you locked up, the enemy be making the rules
You better listen and catch these jewels
I used to work out.  Now I’m out of work, so I dropped this
Plantation penitentiary—motion monotonous
Breath control the ultimate test of soul
Holding it in is death.  Yes, I’ve been told
Word is bond when I speak it.  Since it’s the truth I’m seeking
I dictate truth frequent
A serious plot.  Believe It or Not, Ripley
Nine-inch slid in your back.  Who stole your kidneys?
Divinity, serenity, positive energy
Don’t you know your mental symmetry is queen and king?

[Bridge 2: C-Rayz Walz]
Drama’s lurking.  Feel the bite of the serpent
There’s nothing worse than living in this cursed sin
Guns be bursting, similar to my pen
Knowing for certain it ain’t never gonna end
And your friends who say they love you lied—facts
Ashamed, sell you soul in vain/vein ‘cause I don’t buy that
Spread verbals, of course.  Savages, noose loose
Dead gerbils, horseradish, and couscous

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
Every lesson is a blessing, right?  That’s what they tell you
Deadly weapons etched in the messages they stressed to sell you
I love my life (So?).  I live my soul
The ice is hot, right?  The fire’s cold
I rocked the house like CD stones
Immediately clone where my CDs roam
When I write live, scribe, my mind’s slaying the beast
Displaying the heat.  This page is the Iron Curtain
My Arabian sheiks make the pelicans brief
The veteran speaks and you rest where the skeletons sleep
Don’t get left in disarray by this arrangement
What I’m saying is flagrant for all species endangered
I train like Rocky to hit hard like Clev-e-land
And make my mommy proud (Wow).  This is dead-brother slang
More like water for the camels in the desert of brick
An oasis of bliss by the elevator piss
Slick spit mix.  I samurai-script slaughter tapes
For you rappers impregnant, this flow make your water break
Get smoked out like hickory, get dickory-docked
The mystery plot while your chick licks slippery cock
Hip hop infecting your brain with the virus
Addicted to the flow in a show that’s the tightest

[Interlude: C-Rayz Walz]
All the emcees that were in the battle, come to the stage

[Bridge 3: C-Rayz Walz]
Paper to spend means “cake to earn” (Earn)
And you was told to wait your turn
Everything you know based on what you learned
But the states got money to burn (Money to burn)

[Verse 3: C-Rayz Walz]
The unveiling.  See now?  I revealed myself
And spectators wonder if I really feel myself
Of course I do.  My religion is braille, tipping the scales
My decision to fail has been long since abandoned
I practiced the art of war ‘cause my peace/piece was stolen
Rolling like a thief in the night to eat rodents
We chosen.  Each thief’s theme’s a scene from Ronin
My stream’s golden—I buffer at the speed of shogun
Running through the woods, looking for cloven hoofs
Anybody step to the castle, get mushed
Pushed into the moat, blend into a crocodile lunchbox
Stop, ock.  You can’t flow (Lub, lub)

[Bridge 4: C-Rayz Walz] (x2)
Stronghold samurai sliced the song, son
Your legs too short to make it in the long run

[Outro: C-Rayz Walz] (x10)
Roundhouse intercept your intellect