[Intro: C-Rayz Walz]
Guess what I told ‘em?

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
I jump rope, dump with folks twice my size
And black out ‘til I see the whites of they eyes
The fear in the heart, it lives inside
The spear is the dart that sparks crimson tide
I’ll fuck you up, touch you, demolish your pride
“We live!” for all of those that died/dyed
Not they hair—beyond fair share follicles
Compared to rare molecules, from there, they here
Oh Nameless One, I talk with a awkward tongue
My old soul’s bold, often young
Rich like the gift of orphans brung to morbid sons
Tell me!  Where is the coffin from?
The ceremony of death is to contend the Lord
I will kick your heart out and bend your sword
Now with the harmony of death, continue on
Don’t get juxed for your bishop, you stupid pawn
I think differently in the grimy fall
You are not a hero—your inscription’s wrong
I am hip hop immortal like on and on
Now follow boring charges on an Egyptian horse
Of course!  As your lips get chapped
Those speak on the low like Vick got your back
‘Cause the AK shell will send y’all to the high tones
AKA hell!

[Hook: Sample with DJ Ruff Neck Scratches]
“Rappers killing rappers” - Sample from [?]

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
What a strange, long trip it’s been
But I’m still here with my penmanship
Before you shoot, make sure the clip is in
This is the truth—far from fiction phlegm
I am proof.  The way they depicted him
Was uncouth.  Rebuke the wicked jinns
It’s a pity the flaws get clapped in the City of God
I’m here now—envision me gone
On stage, I break a leg like the misery broad
I set it off as soon as I’m on.  The unicorn-born
Child of the corn.  Heart torn in the physical form
My unpredictable storm
When your knowledge is tricked, your psychology flips
And I’m condensed to biologically spit it
But this is Drum and Knowledge for the dumb in college
And my tongue is polished to abolish the myths
The abstract criminal cat rap subliminal, gats
Clap ya hat and the minerals fall back
Save baby Glocks for lady cops
Before I let my psycho gun blast crazy shots
When I bump, you run eighty blocks
You won’t know if it’s "Crazy" or "Crayzeerock"
It’s a pity the flaws get clapped in the City of God
I’m here now—envision me gone

[Hook: Sample with DJ Ruff Neck Scratches]
“C-Walz” - Sample from [?]

[Verse 3: C-Rayz Walz]
This is hip hop, not dirty, fiending flip flops
With the Fifth to your lip, have you lick shots
Get your pops and call your Jamaican brother
I’m a big dog, ock—I be breaking rubbers
With the faith of my mother, I’m lava
But I got the face of my father—I’m honor
Bars bomber and Pearl Harbor with no armor
“Bad karma and good ghanja” my hood mantra
This ain’t [?]—I don’t need your support
You’re startled on the train.  I’ll pay two dollars to talk
So what you got a job in New York and eat pork?
I don’t work.  I strive, put myself through life’s first thoughts
Now tell me what your life is worth
You better tell the truth ‘cause the lying make life worse
The Sun Cycle.  Catch me in a pair of Nike Burst
With my bla thing like Don King clutching a mic first
My losing more better when you meet me in person
It’s like Rayz is deeper than verses
Little Ravi took a shit in the sheets, I fell asleep
While he was still up watching Sesame Streets
And I’m in the hood, where the heat go “Blocka”
Ravi moms say, “Get a job and Meet the Fockers”
Sticking to the script, my words are stones that break crews
But don’t make up excuses ‘cause they won’t make you
Smash your melon, twist your grapefruit
This is my demo.  Please listen to my tape, duke
You a liar.  I burn in the fire of Lake Truth
Inconspicuous, spitting ‘til I’m old with a grey tooth
I got patience but I can’t maintain
I learned how to do my tracks on the train
Airplane brain—my landing’s ill
Vox Vermillion—I Move while Standing Still
I’m a soldier with battles well-fought
At an intersection, I use Parallel Thought