[Verse 1: Vordul Mega (of Cannibal Ox)]
Yeah, yo, I live dark as regions of rap addicts
We get at ‘em, Spitamatics through hard times
In a metropolis full of static, it’s mathematics
That we combine minds and cause havoc
Watching the skylines twisted backwards
Speak creative like rodeo backflip
Off the mattress.  Groom in tie-dye
Groom in tie-dye, splash kids with art like Guggenheim
Doing mine.  Some cats write hard
But we could see straight through the lines
You was lying.  Give you fire.  Peace to my knuckles
Doing time.  My cousins ucked up
From doing crimes.  For them, we spitamatic
Then skate.  Trying to shake, getting in a trap
Escape the fiery deaths of Hell
And represent for hoods across the world

[Hook: Vordul Mega (of Cannibal Ox)]
‘Cause there’s nothing but the trouble that we get into
That we get out of to shine love
And rise above all the hatred that comes against us
S’why we make buzzards and escape fuzz
‘Cause there’s nothing but the trouble that we get into
That we get out of to shine love
And rise above all the hatred that comes against us
S’why we doing us and shine love

[Verse 2: 4th Pyramid]
Word to me and what I stand for.  My plate?
Keep your hands off.  My mouth stay sealed on what my plans are
Already learnt the basics of business:
Market your brand ‘til the face is diminished
That’s just the nature of gimmicks
Life cycle of the products we all sit with
So how to apply this to art?
When labels see artists as applying, but short
Shorten the pie.  Blueberry part of my high
Caught myself right when I started to slide
It’s part of your job.  Unhappy, out to harden your vibe
So I drop hard like gauntlets, honest to pa
Straight cut, we binged up on our own.  Neck is the power
Despite cowards perfecting our vowels (Fuck ‘em)
The cat that makes rappers just holler
Couldn’t relate to suits and tie—I got a Bachelor in commerce

[Hook: 4th Pyramid] (x2)
They telling me all I need is a chorus’s flip
Fuck that.  I’m at the fall from where the fortress of hits
A founding of invertebrate.  Not a camel
I don’t eat what I regurgitate.  Trees lead to dirty faith

[Verse 3: C-Rayz Walz]
Bust your face with a hammer when I hear my favorite beat
That’s a hit song when drunk drivers crash in the street
Hearing their favorite tune with loud speakers on
That’s a hit song.  Getting beat to James Brown tracks was fat
Way back, we had hit songs
Jail fights are common when inmates want to hear hit songs
You got problems?  Getting fit with music as a theme song
Is wrong unless people get killed—then it’s a hit song
Rhyme about a drug used once.  That’s a hit song
Swift bombs, get armed and destroy anything I put fists on (Anything)
Get flipped on.  Competition had better strong (It better be)
And mama said, “Knock ‘em out with a one-hit song”
The flow’s ferocious.  I’m gutter—I flow for roaches
Cats, rats, stray dogs, crackheads, swerving cobras
My whole team hungry and I’m Rasheed Wallace
These beat streets is brolic and we ain’t need college

[Hook 3: C-Rayz Walz] (x2)
Swerving in a loop with a turban and a kuf'
Drinking bourbon on a roof, reading four key reviews like
“Waiter, there’s a dervish in my soup.”  That’s a hit song
Trinity, one plus two, chorus