[Hook: C-Rayz Walz] (x2)
Classic when I’m kicking a flow
Classic, never switching for dough
Classic when I’m ripping a show
It’s classic, classic material

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
I can’t stand this just like a ham sandwich
And I’m Fidel Castro rhyming in Spanish
Versus Bill Clinton in a blaze battle
A Leo blasting Sagittarius arrows
All twelve temples.  Life’s an instrumental
I walk crooked baselines with a straight pencil
Lead foot show you what I’m into (Yo, yo)
You can’t copy the form until I sell a stencil
Strike drastic, write graphic, classic
You know the mathematic static in my Asia attic
Pragmatic, swift change and remain
Create fly shit, give birth to funky airplanes
I’m tranquilo but my rap steelo
Could make me pull out mad metal like Magneto
I might die quick in attempts to live long
So I got to come off every time I get on
If you see me drooling, I’m thinking ‘bout spitting
‘Bout to smoke y’all—I should be quitting
But I’m stupid—I put Band-Aids on blood money
My girl got me on some Pooh-shit—I love honey

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz] (x2)
Classic when I’m kicking a flow
Classic, never switching for dough
Classic when I’m ripping a show
It’s classic, classic material

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
I got enough issues to start my own catalog
Analyze me as Allah in analog
I ask about dinner during breakfast
Ahead of my time like a helicopter Lexus watch
We blow out the wind in trees, surfing a breeze
With condor feather skis.  Made from tough jeans
Like leather Lee’s.  Trick, please
I make shells a part of your life forever like Run DMC
In divine order, I make mistakes on purpose
Walk the lunar land, tag my face on the surface
Dance on tap water perfectly
Like the spirit of Gregory Hines or mercury, certainly
Being too close to the Sun is urgently
Worse than burnt toast.  Get blind when observing me
You don’t like me?  Who cares?  I’m the spit you fear
My presence alone could end your career for a year
You want to hear heat?  I’ll take a dump in your ear
Bust a pump in the air, make clouds disappear
No mystery from Shaolin to Sicily
Tyson to Tiger Woods, I’ll strike consistently

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz] (x2)
Classic when I’m kicking a flow
Classic, never switching for dough
Classic when I’m ripping a show
It’s classic, classic material

[Verse 3: C-Rayz Walz]
This for all my peeps who rock the permanent crease
Brung shells out the house ‘cause life was a beach
Drink seaweed, eat rocks
No talk of diamonds.  I spit ice—my shit’s hot
I’m too/2 ill—1-plus-1 sick
A smart guy who always did dumb shit
So get your script right.  Using my feet in a fist fight
I’m not pussy—I don’t care what you dicks spit like
Shooting arrows at charts, using bow-legged girls
Then splash out like the king of Waterworld
Beware of stitches in your genes/jeans like denim
Before I stab a track ‘til it bleeds rhythm
[?] was an X-Man before [rose-white streets?]
Before visions of rock raining on techniques
I Rob Swift with beats with sinister [bees?]
Now that the Sun’s out, come on!  Total-eclipse me
Some fold in they sleep, turn cold in the heat
I stroll through the belly of the beast, holding my meat
I rep MCs who sow what they reap
And keep it funky underground like Ed Norton’s feet (I’m)

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz] (x2)
Classic when I’m kicking a flow
Classic, never switching for dough
Classic when I’m ripping a show
It’s classic, classic material

[Bridge (Overlapped with Hook Adlibs): C-Rayz Walz]
R.C.P
Green Regime, T.O.P
Stronghold, NYC
P-E-O-P-L-E Army

[Outro (Overlapped with Hook Adlibs): C-Rayz Walz]
Yin and yang.  Y’all got the CD, Plain Pat and me (The Prelude).  Just like that.  O.B.S., y’all.  Brooklyn Academy, Spit Squad.  Strongheezy, money.  Classic, classic, classic, cl-cl-cl-classic material