P-Pullz (ft. Jorrell Redsun and Stelf Index) ft. Breez Evahflowin’, C-Rayz Walz, and Wiz - “Contradictions”
[Produced by Stelf Index]

[Verse 1: Breez Evahflowin’]
Ayyo, what’s up, my man?  I hope you fall off
A Sky Tram and get your eye jammed in a spike fence
“Yeah, it’d be tight to do a joint with you”
Probably tighter to stick a blade through joint tissue
“Oh, it official you signed?”  And deaf and blind
A&R man probably got his dick in your spine
“Ayyo, look at time.  I gotta go.”  That means I got
Better things to do than catch your crab crew in the studio
“Ayyo, I got your math.  I’ma call.”  Heh
When they add an extra season in between summer and fall
Y’all stay up, maintain at the same level
Of wackness with my easy access to the game

[Hook: Jorrell Redsun]
What up, dawg?  I’m your brother
I’m your friend.  My nigga
I’m gonna kill you, take your jewels
I hate you, dumb bitch
Peace, my queen.  I love you
You so special.  Motherfucker
You ain’t shit.  Give me that back
See you tomorrow.  Fuck you

[Verse 2: Wiz]
I probably got love in my heart but I bleed ice
I never seen a woman be right.  Wiz be nice
I seen life, seen the good and the ugly
Seen the hood and the money.  If there’s a God, would you love me?
Or put me in Hell?  Rest in peace to them rookies who fell
If he see it all, couldn’t he tell?  It’s either
Right or wrong.  I hate rap but I write these songs
And life goes on.  Days change and the nights are long
We hustle, ball in our court—Nikes on
Wifey’s home.  She worried that you might get blown
But like it when the ice is on.  We contradict ourselves
Everyday.  Life is wrong

[Verse 3: Stelf Index]
That’s right.  That’s why, sometimes, I’ll be like:
Shut up!  Speak your mind, listen!
I promise to love you unconditionally on one condition
That you love me, feed me, don’t mistreat me
Be faithful and I’ll be faithful to you as much as possible
Obstacle.  I need time but time don’t give time
And I ain’t got no more time.  Just one more time
Yeah, you did some shit right sometimes, but hey
Even broken watch is right twice a day
So-called family member told me, “Be real”
So when I spoke how I feel, now she give me the cold shoulder
It’s OK.  Composure slipping away.  I remember the days
We laughed about everything and nothing.  Happy suffering
I love you

[Hook: Jorrell Redsun]
What up, dawg?  I’m your brother
I’m your friend.  My nigga
I’m gonna kill you, take your jewels
I hate you, dumb bitch
Peace, my queen.  I love you
You so special.  Motherfucker
You ain’t shit.  Give me that back
See you tomorrow.  Fuck you

[Verse 4: C-Rayz Walz]
The brothers I roll with existed before time
And stayed after Armageddon to write more rhymes
I’m headed in the right direction at the wrong time
Guess what goes around comes back, so it’s still all mine
I smile when I’m angry, laugh when I’m sad
In the hood, when you do good, you feel bad
Slow down while you rush to the future, the present, the past
Lessons to add, thinking heavenly with a devilish laugh
“Original Copies,” genuine replicas
A brand new start could be your ending, etcetera
I’m new, born ancient.  Now put your ears on your feet
And hear your soul when you walking away from me

[Verse 5: Jorrell Redsun]
Am I really your main man or part of your main plot?
You scheme on what I got, mangy mutt motherfuck
Say you got my back, but all the weight you put on it
Put water in my knees.  Friends?  Please
Disease is the cure, pure filth
With a heart of stone, I can melt with bare words
Remember to forget me.  I began
At the end, but it ain’t over yet, see?
Rated “R.”  My kids don’t need to hear no cussing shit
On CDs.  Sit the fuck down, junior
Do as I say, not as I do.  Be you
Like everybody else contradicting themselves

[Hook: Jorrell Redsun]
What up, dawg?  I’m your brother
I’m your friend.  My nigga
I’m gonna kill you, take your jewels
I hate you, dumb bitch
Peace, my queen.  I love you
You so special.  Motherfucker
You ain’t shit.  Give me that back
See you tomorrow.  Fuck you