[Intro: C-Rayz Walz]
No mic check?  Oh damn.  Nice

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
I see dead buffalos on the plains of the horizon
Electromagnetic energy fields like M. Bison
Through the air flying like black crows in a circle
Before the people of the land start dying
Nature's siren.  Even the rivers won't act right
The full moon was a flashlight in my past life
When traveling the winding path at night
Unraveling the blinding blasting site
Chickens come home to roost and find dead buzzards
Laying next to the head of cousins, sisters and brothers
Fathers and mothers, daughters and sons
Only the vultures profit.  I could still see the blood run
The slaughter of loved ones hated for being different
Elders were slain, strangled with their talismans
Killed the body—the spirits started drifting
Destroyed physically but the souls were ever living

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz] (x2)
(Thank you!)  For taking my land and food
(Thank you!)  For raping my women, putting me in a noose
(Thank you!)  For killing my seed
Giving me disease, then blaming me (Thank you!)

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
I took my Shahada (One) engaged in the drama
God against the devils, Shaolin versus Lama
We fought felons, clashed with Magellan
Baby heads were crushed and bust like small melons
Wishing these demons would be baptized or banished
In my dream, I woke up in Jamaica speaking Spanish
The night the earth cry when the good ship arrive
Blood on the shores transformed to Crimson Tide
I built with Crazy Horse, made a black sun spat
The smoke shack was beat on by drum bat stack
The beetles were baffled by the state of bondage
Showing love like Pocahontas saving John Smith
Convinced by the truth of the past, since the body splash
Used the Atlantic as a skeleton raft
Unafraid, I went to a cave to meditate
And talk to my celestial mind and elevate

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz] (x2)
(Thank you!)  For taking my land and food
(Thank you!)  For raping my women, putting me in a noose
(Thank you!)  For killing my seed
Giving me disease, then blaming me (Thank you!)

[Verse 3: C-Rayz Walz]
The land was raped, scorn, torn and withered
Later on, you will praise portraits of these killers (Cheese!)
Even made holidays for this unholy act (Happy Thanksgiving)
I'm the voice of the dead!  You can't hold me back (No!)
Dead buffalos similar to us now
In the name of gain, on these plains, we get bust down
What up?  How?  You think there be reparations? (What?)
We been touched down, so make preparations (Now)
Underwater, holding breath, I dodge piranha fish
With fright.  Wishing to die was tomorrow's wish
I heard the mountain weep, skulls smash against cliff with sticks
We clash with the madmen from the good ship
We did nothing but show love to a stranger
We were repaid with murder, rape, and anger
The buffalos died, the lions would hide.  The bears’ cries
Savagely speaking the pain of the tribe
This reality was actually the worst dream
The death of nature.  I heard the earth scream
Dead buffalos, empty rivers, and streams
Dead buffalos—too many killers and thieves

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz] (x2)
(Thank you!)  For taking my land and food
(Thank you!)  For raping my women, putting me in a noose
(Thank you!)  For killing my seed
Giving me disease, then blaming me (Thank you!)