[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
I wrote rhymes on papyrus, clutch the obelisk
Manifest the true and livin', reveal the obvious
Prominent, dominant, hand secret documents
And all the high continents' monuments
Only to be awakened by your third consciousness—honor this
I hold the secrets to life now with my esophagus
Renew my history every time I build with wisdom
So when they go, I don't have regrets.  Diss 'em and miss 'em
I'm the light and the prism, the glitch in the system
The assertive victim who murdered death and his rhythm
Got hyper to chill with sniper skills, focus my goal
Took a stronghold on my soul
And puffed an L just to inhale hell
Conversatin' with Satan, contemplatin' to add on elimination
Baptize my lips and spit the Holy Grail
Destined to fail, arrogance cause earthquakes in hell
Old people gossip, adults criticize
We all judgmental, but can't control our own lives
I realized the world's on my dick so I pissed in public
Balance the skills—some real hate and love shit
For each slug that hit, I got a script with the same
Impact of ten gats—yo, in fact, I speak flame
Focus on the real cause I've been that
I got a plan for that self hatred—end that

[Hook: Sample from Guru on Gang Starr's "JFK 2 LAX"] (x2)
"Read, study lessons and build your inner power" (x3)
"The next level doesn't tolerate cowards"

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
I play 21 with crackheads—slap-box raps
My block's a danger chamber—strangers chased by gats
I'm the black target.  Spit first, make the jam last
Relentless trenches, beats buried in sand bags
Blast back, splash tracks, run on water
My New World Order—Buckshot like Terry Porter
Blaze trail.  You way frail like Puffy in jail
Ya'll drink bubbly in hell.  I prevail and inhale
Stuck with a golden pose like the son of Jor-El
Contact the most high before your eyes get the smell
Your head swells.  Thoughts get heavy like barbells
C-Rayz born to blaze—in my presence, you [caravels?]
Chiseled in the culture.  Conscious cartel
Do the math like vultures while the God dwells
On the actual fact, my bright light violet-ultra
Biting these words will cause ulcers

[Bridge: Sample from Guru on Gang Starr's "JFK 2 LAX"]
"Read."  "Read"

[Verse 3: C-Rayz Walz]
Subterranean brain stats and dirty train track rats
Fuck the fame, black—in the end, we the same cats
Nourishment from maggots, soil for the earth
Life is ritual, death is not a curse
If we send first we are blessed in the last stage
I reflect the past age and think straight like Gibraltar
Meditate, burn incense at my alter
Call libation for great queens and forefathers
I shave, brother.  I come with (?)
Understandin' my eyes the supreme color copier
My afterlife simple as black and white
Still movement like water reflecting the moonlight
I hear voices in my head and obey what they send through
Ain't your vocals upon my thought instrumental
Read, study lessons, build your inner power
Sick ciphers, the minute's being born to this hour

[Hook: Sample from Guru on Gang Starr's "JFK 2 LAX"] (x2)
"Read, study lessons and build your inner power" (x3)
"The next level doesn't tolerate cowards"