[Intro]
“Here they come.”  Stronghold!  Once again.  For you

[Verse 1: Breez Evahflowin’]
Yo, let’s just set the gauge at 12
Black like gays in hell.  An old-school, paid the shells
If you feel what I feel, nigga, raise an L
If you hear Stronghold, nigga, raise it well
I got a seed.  She need me to raise the sales
So I beat these sheets ‘til the pages swell
Age well-documented.  No time to get caught
In the stages of presenting unconventional thoughts
You know that next shit that Flex wouldn’t touch
Like a “Pinch Me” sign on Jenny Lopez butt
I’mma pimp these rhymes ‘til they swollen gut
Got five dimes in live line, rolling it up
“Refined” like the B-side was holding it up
I got the gold, the metal, the cup.  What’s next?
Dominate the race ‘til ain’t no other cuts left
I’mma do it rhyming.  Yo

[Verse 2: Poison Pen]
Yo, I’m Bruising Brody meets [?]
You can’t help but feel my gangsta and love my slang
Pimp, [?] monster, Brooklyn bully
When you run to get your punk ass clique’s the only time you get pussy
Stay in your lane, son.  To me, breathing’s optional
You ain’t ready to play taps with a cactus.  My flow’s abnormal
Poison Pen plus Everclear?  Blood alcohol is way past normal
My heartbeat is the pulse of the city
Live off this wax and these government kickbacks
Son, I’m loving this sick track—you taughten with it
I’m into scalping—I ain’t talking ‘bout concert tickets

[Hook: [Stelf Index?]] (x4)
No getaway.  Better move it now.  Don’t stop until it’s done

[Interlude: Breez Evahflowin’]
Yeah.  Once again.  But it ain’t stopping now.  We got Stelf Index and Big Mike Terror.  Yo

[Verse 3: Stelf Index]
Through the forefront on the frontline
Third in the line of blind fury—despise police fully
No cure for me, so I accept my insanity
Humane axe come anually—you missed me
Expect rash visits.  Kill your boy so quick
You’re pouring ‘nough liquor to end your drinking problem
Index extreme, man.  Build a Stronghold dam
Release the team, flood all streams
Drowns the main one—sounds are screams, horror
Mixed with tears.  Happiness mixed with fears
Bullet [?], ice spears everywhere
Smoke clears.  We will be here forever

[Verse 4: Big Mike Terror]
It’s the infinite Terror.  The ghost that
Niggas pull on me, y’all better host to that
Wrong move, nigga—y’all supposed to clap
Stronghold—seven players sold to black
It’s like a force between Suge and the Incredible Hulk
It’s sandstone and the Red Sea’s a sidewalk’s boat
I love rolling through your street like I own the block
Pump the system so loud, make y’all call the cops
Lost the limelight?  Well, I got the main ingredient
My styles won’t rest like zero disobedience
My stable runs deep—chicks pledge, stay allegiate
Y’all Carrot Top niggas at best—y’all comedians

[Hook: [Stelf Index?]] (x4)
No getaway.  Better move it now.  Don’t stop until it’s done

[Interlude 2: Breez Evahflowin’]
Yeah.  And you know we just starting.  Stronghold benches ink!  We got Wiz and C-Rayz Walz

[Verse 5: Wiz]
It’s Wiz, motherfuckers
Pop you collars like this, motherfuckers.  We don’t stop for dollars
We on the list, muhfuckas, so stop to holler
Still in the streets, muhfuckas—please lock your houses
Now the thing changed for the players—some of us dead
And the game’s still the same—it’s just some of us fled
I heard God takes angels, leaves the others instead
So rest in peace, my soldiers, hustlers, and vets
How fast we forget this live can go in a minute
And love, money, respect is still holding the living
I’m talking to spirits.  Late night, hairs falling
Dear Lord, can you feel this?  Wise man told you

[Verse 6: C-Rayz Walz]
I’m a sheisty villian—bet your life on that
I’ll send you to the essence and bring you right back
Get jabbed out the ring for holding a rope
In hell with a philly—holding a smoke
Stupid fish bite hooks and lines off the mixtape
After you dictate, tell me how my dick taste
The Sun Cycle—I leave you gas
Believe you trash.  Whackers looking for you on the ave
I’m Freddy with a Jason mask on Halloween
Giving wet dreams with an M16
So when you question if we official
I slap the shit out you, then send you to the store for tissue

[Hook: [Stelf Index?]] (x4)
No getaway.  Better move it now.  Don’t stop until it’s done