[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
Hip hop like drug in my veins, killing me harshly
This could be my end if I don't win.  Don't start me
In street life, I'm hugging the flames—get this heat off me
Tie the knot, eating not, driving, riding the iron horsie
I love hip hop for the lack of something worse to do
I spit high, then just rock.  This is impersonal
Free shows, flee flows, wonder if I'm breaking even
Eating Fritos—word to snacks, I just start breaking even

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
Hatin’ seein’ what I love misused and abused
Mind bleeding, confusion, focus, a loser succeedin'
I ask questions to answers and define reason
Like cancer to a cigarette lung having fun, still breathing
Smokers suck butt, no pun intended
I'm tryin' to get big in the Bronx like Pun intended—what?!?
I'm still booking if you looking, still juxing, still crazy
Just got my straight jacket on.  I crooked look as...

[Verse 3: Breez Evahflowin']
I thought that I was all about it
But my mind remained clouded from weed.  Without it, what you read about it?
Crazy man ran through the train car crowded
Strapped with bang-bars, dramatic
Expression in face destined to taste it
While finessing the basics
Essence of ancients like P.A.Z.E
Keep it ten steps ahead like the KGB
Beasts watching me harder than Jay-Z streets
Cage me not.  The search found a crazy knot
You mangy cops—that's coming from the stage we rock
Stoned, earth and home all alone
With the piece of the block grown to daddy unknown
Had his son known pop, would he have left it alone?  Never
F with the chrome, build the treasures of dome
Represent home.  Later lay the rest of this poem
To his long-lost kite unflown.  How long this story goin’ on?

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz] (x4)
Hip hop like drug in my veins

[Verse 4: C-Rayz Walz]
In real life, I'm still light and move at the speed of it
A bad child on the mic—sometimes, I just need a hit
The difference of right and wrong: open mic and writing a song
Someone I love or a chick I like looking nice in thongs
While you rush to work and rude people step on your feet
I'm coming from the studio, thinking deep, listening to beats
And give thanks that I wake after I rest in peace
I live heavenly in hell, feeling well writing the heat

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz] (x2)
Hip hop like drug in my veins

[Verse 5: Breez Evahflowin']
They puttin’ math improper on us, want us dead
Plus, they couldn't care less if every corner's red
Hunted like Cornish hens
Even men making honest ends, born to sin
Walk and take me out tournaments
From hanging like ornaments to self-inflicted unfortunates
Do it to yourself like "Who taught you this?"
Bought you for a portion—now a portrait is a landless mask
Me and my mans work the plans to command this cash

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz] (x4)
Hip hop like drug in my veins