[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
The diabolic techniques of immortal struggle
To make you question why these dogs ain’t rocking muzzles
Find you like trouble.  And when shove comes to push
You just a punk who wanna bust your gun like “Woah.  Look”
You illiterate bastard.  Consider this classic
You fabricate madness but can’t look past [trappers?]
Tricksy Sméagols scheme for the precious resource
With that, the talent people secrete coughs
Loud flickies that squeeze soft
Or go around, come around ‘til you founding me corpse.  Peep the deep thoughts
March on end—no dawn for men
Armies swarm and form crop cirles.  Then again
They plotting stocks and bonds when the drop the bombs
I’m like “Yo, stop the song” ‘cause my block is Nam.  And if I
Popped your thong, it’s a fact you pussycats
Get clapped by the crowd at the hands with Iraq
Now I rock between a dark place and bionic traits
Spit shit ‘til my lips drip toxic waste
Reptilians with AKs in front of bagel buffet
“Don’t worry.  They’re only here to make sure the streets is safe”

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz] (x2)
Your heart pump Kool-Aid.  My thoughts cut toupées
You don’t really want nothing over there
They got elephant guns.  Too bad
Elephant guns full-blast

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
I’ll take the Brooklyn Bridge now.  “Cash or credit?”
Laser math or debit?  They edit, sketch
And only show you the game from the players’ lane perspective
“The Specialist.”  Stay setting the segment
Encyclopedia-bright, my media write
Like the verse, down to Earth like a meteorite
Burst the curse and don’t believe what the media hypes
‘Cause they the first to fade to black at the speed of your life
And the cold ice current left the stereos froze
In this land of milk and honey with no cereal bowl
The theory is old.  I see the light of old scheme acting
Crying wolf pack screaming, “Fire-breathing dragon!”
And the kids on the school bus is Waco fiends
From coffeehead killers out to take your cream
Get a clip.  But what you spit don’t even matter—you trash
Now that it’s really time to ball, we gonna shatter the glass

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz] (x2)
Your heart pump Kool-Aid.  My thoughts cut toupées
You don’t really want nothing over there
They got elephant guns.  Too bad
Elephant guns full-blast

[Verse 3: C-Rayz Walz]
I went to the dojo to slice for slow flow
Bring it to the heart of your hood like the Champion logo
Science this wild—the molecules merging.  The message is certain
Press 1 if you satisfied, 2 if it’s urgent
It’s really your soul on the line—they still got it tabbed, so
Maybe you should go online, search—then you get it back, yo
I can feel it in my veins like a heroine rush
‘Bout to self-combust for the Exxon bus
But don’t trust ‘cause the next one us
War on the poor (Yes, y’all) for more surplus
You stuck?  Don’t remain in the clutch—they shift panels
This time, it’s commandos versus camels
Now light candles for the loved ones gone
Getting biochemically engineered on—they pawns
Sad song.  This is fornication
Under consent of the king.  E.D. vertically
Fire out the sky for the fuel in the ground
And what goes up must come down and crash and sound
At Red Dawn, hear hunters platoon for funds
For fun, they killing ants with elephant guns

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz] (x2)
Your heart pump Kool-Aid.  My thoughts cut toupées
You don’t really want nothing over there
They got elephant guns.  Too bad
Elephant guns full-blast

[Outro: C-Rayz Walz]
Belief.  Subtle.  So galactic.  (Elephant guns).  Sun Cycle, C-Rayz.  Sorrow we snap.  Solidarity.  Ravipops.  (Full-blast).  Pop.  (Nothing over there).  (Too bad).  (Full-blast).  (Elephant guns).  Snatch your stripe.  See if you were fidgeting.  I just paid, walked out without the fourth ticket.  Shit.  I just bought a missile.  See if you’re official.  A thought missile.  [?].  Check this out.  Just bought a missile.  Essence