[Hook One: C-Rayz Walz] (x2)
I told y’all I can’t be stopped
My rhymes do more than circle the block
I balance the scales.  You better duck when the speakers pop
For those who love Biggie and Pac—hip hop!

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
Yo, cash rules everything ‘cept these poison themes
Caught between Cannibal Ox and Soylent Green
‘Til I’m Back to the Future with Biff, getting a facelift
From Mrs. McFly, turning my whip to a spaceship
I’mma stand over y’all ‘til I’m understood
So smooth, Krushing your Groove like Blair Underwood
In the heat of the night with a candle and chalice
Smoking the Rafiki wearing Indian fabrics
Sinister sleepy.  Compete me indiscreetly
I put sixteen shots in your dashiki
Snatch ya Africa beads plus ya colon
Writing fat rhyme—lines leave your notebook swollen
I’m holding my nuts, dictating my seminar
Simile-shoot razor blade shards, leave your lips scarred, mouth ajar
Now before I come off, you need inspection
Indeed, the section’s adding your face to my survivor collection
You ain’t hot ‘cause you got a yacht
Man, you got kids but you ain’t no pops (Stop, stop)
You probably snow but you can’t rock
“With that freestyle, you’re bound to get shot” - Notorious B.I.G. on Craig Mack's "Flava in Ya Ear (Remix)"

[Hook Two: C-Rayz Walz] (x2)
Hate crime.  Anxiety
Waste time or flame the fire in me
Whatever you learn, there’s cheddar to earn
In the streets, this heat is better to burn (Whoo!)

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
When I was short on sums, I want none of your funds
When I was young, I was numb, running with guns
And I only went to class for the ass and the fun
“The school dropout.  Never liked the shit from day one” - Nas's "Represent"
Some still backpacking a MAC, tracking a gat
Clapping rap cats slacking in facts, stacking
And cats saggy with wack khakis like in the Black Dragon
Stabbing a cabin, bragging in Japanese patterns
Wild card cats in the same outfit follow suit
Do the Hollywood Shuffle, guzzle hollow truth
Now the time’s right to shine light on Apollo’s youth
Strange fruit, juice, and trees—saw tomorrow’s loot
Through the era where those who touched the mic were very dope
Kids got shot were it very cold on a ferry boat
Talking like we carry coke—“Don’t worry, loc”
Your burial close—next to your notebook.  Woah!
So keep keeping it up ‘cause if you sleep
You ain’t sleeping enough ‘til you six feet deep in the dust
I roll with sick minds, sniff lines, click .9s, switch rhymes
Before I bang on your team like I’m 6’9”

[Hook One: C-Rayz Walz]
I told y’all I can’t be stopped
My rhymes do more than circle the block
I balance the scales.  You better duck when the speakers pop
For those who love Biggie and Pac—hip hop!

[Hook Two: C-Rayz Walz]
Hate crime, anxiety
Waste time or flame the fire in me
Whatever you learn, there’s cheddar to earn
In the streets, this heat is better to burn (Whoo!)

[Outro: Bridge and Samples with Scratches]
[Bridge]
Everything I wanted was all I need
Love in me ‘long as I’m loving the streets
[Samples with Scratches]
“You know the rules” - KRS-One on Boogie Down Productions' "Ya Know the Rules"
“What’s all for life?” - [?]