[Intro: C-Rayz Walz]
Yeah.  Balance continues.  You know who this is.  I desire to excel to the highest degree

[Bridge 1: C-Rayz Walz]
Universe expands.  I’ll sit with the Earth in hand
Beneath the surface as I make my descent (As I make my descent)
To explain every molecule and strand in man (I ascend at the same time)
And connect with the Barathary Gland as planned (Yin and yang)

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
Lounging in buildings surrounded by children
Thousands of civilians flood the grounds of the village
I’m tired of motherfuckers who talk shit
Acting like I’m not one of the illest concepts to enter the Walkman walking
Put one on top of your face like a dolphin, you orphan
I’m often scorching.  Take caution, this is a portion
Of my circumnavigated thought spins
Any more info, I’ll have to buy you a coffin in limbo
Lost in space with unknown coordinates.  The galaxy morphing
You could see planets walking with Four Horsemen
Brain cells bust.  Angel dust snorting
Angles rust.  Before I’ll frame, you bust—the picture has endorsements
This point, the preacher become the paramedic portrait
Is the cypher the black hole, my office?
Now I’m really mad, stinging Lilly pads with frostbitten meaning
The maker of the metaphor is morbid
Make the temperature rise with a slight squint of my eye
From the Bronx, repping the Bridge, my own Enterprise
Stars track whereabouts, trace my existence like paragraph
The Prelude was an indented sentence.  For instance
Burning the incense in hell.  Under the spell
You might as well twist a L in a nineteenth galaxy suspended
I used to have jokes ‘til the glass broke
Splashed sulfuric math quotes on the surface of lab coats
Back to the future, but the past spoke and said (Listen)
Presently, you must clash with the smoke-dead (You must clash on tracks)
Ezekiel on the ones and twos.  The tune floats
And if you don’t know the halo glows, beware, you’ll soon know

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz]
As the universe expands, I sit with my Earth in hand
Beneath the surface, my purpose and plan
To explain every molecule and strand in man
And connect with the Barathary Gland as planned

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
Elevate your plane, tune in to the notes
Before you destroy the circle or ruin the spokes
This goes out to you and your folks
Who dropped the soap, couldn’t cope
Had to follow stupid humans in the union of cult
Coke is it.  Has been since ’75.  Heavenly vibe
Eyes turn white in fright of ebony skies
Following lies of jealousy vibes, the melody cried
And that’s exactly how the legacy dies
A butterfly has twelve-thousand eyes
You’ll escape the cocoon soon and see what’s really fly.  In time
I don’t care if you understand it, damn it
The next generation finds determination in my pamphlets
I Shake speares and stab Hamlets, pig
Writing transcripts in the pyramid transit, you dig?
Vocalize the canvas, crushing every answers
Strangle my prostate, suffocate the cancer
Jo Jo Dancers can’t fuck with my Panthers
Make you bleed out your face without a trace.  Eight scanners
Break seven windows with telepathic grammar
No schedule, no partners, the best of planners
Rays/Rayz gamma, bad temper like Dave Banner
From the grave, spitting flav, brave when other ran first
The universe expands and the molecules of man
Just a strand of the paragraph plan as planned (As planned, as planned)

[Bridge 2: C-Rayz Walz]
Squeeze your head into a sneaker and lace your face
Squeeze your head into a sneaker and lace your face
Squeeze your head into a sneaker and lace your face
Throw you in a black hole, make you swim through space

[Outro: C-Rayz Walz]
We mind-boggling.  We mind-boggling.  Open-palmed slap.  With his arms folded.  C-Rayz blast from the optics