[Intro: C-Rayz Walz]
C-Rayz.  Walz.  Massive.  We did it y'all.  Ravipops.  I'm here—emphatically, yes.  Definitive Jux.  Ravipops

Ladies and gentlemen, we got C-Rayz Walz and a million fans in the house tonight.  He just came off tour.  Reppin' for his 25th single.  See?  See "Ravipops - The Substance."  He gon' show you how he get down

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
Yo, I put the pace down, recognize my fate now
I'm ill, still freakin' skills like H-Town
I disgrace clowns who make frowns
Smile in your face but hate and deliver fake pounds
I'm a animal in a cannibal sector
With chicks that give you brains like Hannibal Lecter
Peep logic—there's nothin' you can do to stop this
You had a better chance catchin' bullets with chopsticks (WAHH!)
Wait for the avalanche—then you'll get down
Spit rounds—my sitcom's a full clip now
Murder shows, practiced and unrehearsed
Dead on point like a convertible cactus hearse
It's mucus fluid when I spit exclusive music
I believe in dirt, so I do it, stupid
I move units, like {?} and white rose
My freestyle's ill—I'm dope when I write flows

[Bridge: C-Rayz Walz]
Put the sun in your face, make you walk a tightrope and pose
I can't just rhyme—I can flow
F-f-flow, flow f-flow, f-f-flow, flow, flow

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
I do somersaults with Silly Sally in Silicone Alley
Roll red carpets in darkness through Death Valley
And receive love (love) like Larry
I'm flowin', black.  It's September?  Goin' back to Cali
To drink booze in the House of Blues
Doin' the James in Elvis Presley shoes
From the belly of BK, where the drama's at
All the way to Saudi Arabia, where the llamas at
Trapped in central bookings for a chronic sack
Feelin' worse—I'm really here for killin' a verse
Homicide comes to ask, "Who did it?"
I step to the next Iron Galaxy like astral physics
I'm spiked with no sugar—natural image
Thirst is nothin', burst you for frontin' at the scrimmage
Vampires suck—you stuck once bitten
Off the head, I'm fed—my freestyle eats my written
I need that dollar like Chris Rock—just kiddin'
I'm down to earth like sunlight and alien visits
In the club with {?}, guzzlin' water
Trainin' my daughter to be a soldier—I taught her
To put six in your chest like Julius Erving
Controllin' the cypher—you foolishly swervin'
I deserve to glow and now you know
Ayyo, I can't just rhyme—I can flow

[Outro: C-Rayz Walz]
Flow, flow, flow (x3)

Flow...