[Intro: Sample Quote from Casino]
[Ace]
Out of respect, guys from other crews got away with a warning.  Everybody else, watch out

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
Forget ones and twos—this DJ’s on the three, fours
With cuts flyer than them young riders from g-force
Me and him’s on stage, you will see blades
And ricochets—praise from C-Rayz
The second element in the jam straight killing this
And speaks with his hand like ventriloquist
Ain’t no time to be riffing and telling him stuff
When the needles are constructed of elephants tusks
If you knew chickenpox need scratches for cure
These miraculous techniques will leave you sure
Put the wax on like those defiant kids
Who take wax off, but they’ll den you when the lion spins
No denying it.  Flying guillotines slicing shit
Plus the art of noise is a scientist (Well)
If you flow on me, back it up for words coming out your mouth, son
Besides, you ain’t a real MC without one (One, one)
Take your show from great to spectacular
Beats get broke in slow-motion, scratch you jackers up
Don’t get vexed.  Get your best tat, fade to black
While JS-1 lacerates the track
Original underground sound, 360 nutritious
Knock you off the top spot like [vibe with delicious?]
We got snitches on the ceiling—the club be sewed up
So be the next hero and catch a fresh cold cut

[Hook: Samples with DJ JS-1 Scratches]
“Cut like a guillotine” - Big Daddy Kane’s “Put Your Weight on It”
"So swift, naked eye cut couldn't record the speed" - GZA on Muggs ft. GZA and RZA's "Third World"
“And my basement's an arrangement of different torture devices” - Pharoahe Monch on Street Smartz ft. O.C. and Pharoahe Monch's "Metal Thangz"
“Flying guillotines slicing shit” - C-Rayz Walz on DJ JS-1 ft. Akrobatik, Breez Evahflowin’, C-Rayz Walz, and React’s “Flying Guillotines”

[Verse 2: Akrobatik]
While other DJs try to beef up using steroids and creatine
JS-1 use the 12 inch like flying guillotines
Watch his hands grow just like Apache Chief
When he smack this shit like anyone in disbelief
In the DJ Hall of Justice, leave his name engraved
JS-1 is like Batman cutting in his cave
Kind of like Magneto with the ill power surge
Reminds you of Aquaman ‘cause his thoughts submerge
Similar to Superman flying out of the booth
Or Wonder Woman’s magic lasso ‘cause his cuts are the truth
When we rip tonight, nothing’s stopping us—not even kryptonite
You know me by name—it’s given to me ‘cause I flip it right
I’m Akrobatik.  Catch me with C-Rayz
Still exploding in these post-Detonator days
We devastate, amaze, impress, and enlighten
JS-1 bring you the force of ten titans
That’s why you see me here with my pen, writing
‘Bout this DJ that’s exciting and about to go off
Crossfade like a blade going back and forth
Anything that’s on the slipmat, he rips that.  I’m off, yo

[Hook: Samples with DJ JS-1 Scratches]
“Cut like a guillotine” - Big Daddy Kane’s “Put Your Weight on It”
"So swift, naked eye cut couldn't record the speed" - GZA on Muggs ft. GZA and RZA's "Third World"
“And my basement's an arrangement of different torture devices” - Pharoahe Monch on Street Smartz ft. O.C. and Pharoahe Monch's "Metal Thangz"
“Flying guillotines slicing shit” - C-Rayz Walz on DJ JS-1 ft. Akrobatik, Breez Evahflowin’, C-Rayz Walz, and React’s “Flying Guillotines”

[Verse 3: Breez Evahflowin’]
OK, “J” for the way you get jigged up.  The jig’s up
“S” is for the scratch on the big cuts.  The kid ‘nough
Heads respect—number one DJ is him
Now let the spins begin
Ladies on hand.  Don’t get jealous
If the DJ puts his 12 inches on twins
Then tickles around the nipples, freaking the style
‘Til they wile out and make sounds official
For real, on the low, though
JS is a pimp, putting motherfucking wheels on the whole strobe
For green like a dutch, stepping open and shut
Closing shop after opening up
Your formula ain’t potent enough
Hip hop’s like drugs in my veins—who doper than us?
JS-1, Breez Evahflowin’
Never slowing up—props’ll keep growing
What?

[Hook: Samples with DJ JS-1 Scratches]
“Cut like a guillotine” - Big Daddy Kane’s “Put Your Weight on It”
"So swift, naked eye cut couldn't record the speed" - GZA on Muggs ft. GZA and RZA's "Third World"
“And my basement's an arrangement of different torture devices” - Pharoahe Monch on Street Smartz ft. O.C. and Pharoahe Monch's "Metal Thangz"
“Flying guillotines slicing shit” - C-Rayz Walz on DJ JS-1 ft. Akrobatik, Breez Evahflowin’, C-Rayz Walz, and React’s “Flying Guillotines”

[Verse 4: React]
We got flying guillotines, technique torture racks
You might think the kid was rich ‘cause he got so much scratch
React on the mic—kid, acknowledge the facts
We bringing back that old New York rap
‘Cause “Nowadayz,” so many DJs are so wack
But JS is old school—consider him a throwback
Like a Boston jersey with McHale on the back
Or them square-shaped, black and yellow Pittsburg Pirate hats
Make a beat so hot, you’ll be like, “Where the fire at?”
With cuts so sharp, it might leave your tire flat
And he can’t be defeated, so no need in trying that
But if you want to cop the album, I’ll tell you where to buy it at
Matter of fact, tell your friends by the rack
That I might snatch your copies and make you buy ‘em back
‘Cause you ain’t seen shit this dope since crack
Was first left in them vials with them little, red caps
Whoever said that the turntable is not an instrument
Has never seen JS-1 get into it
So check out the master as he cuts these jams
And razor-sharp talons emerge from his hands
He pull another break up out the milk crates
And make it rotate on the 12 inch plate
So stop all that yelling on your tapes, go practice
You don’t know his name?  You don’t know jack shit

[Hook: Samples with DJ JS-1 Scratches]
“Cut like a guillotine” - Big Daddy Kane’s “Put Your Weight on It”
"So swift, naked eye cut couldn't record the speed" - GZA on Muggs ft. GZA and RZA's "Third World"
“And my basement's an arrangement of different torture devices” - Pharoahe Monch on Street Smartz ft. O.C. and Pharoahe Monch's "Metal Thangz"
“Flying guillotines slicing shit” - C-Rayz Walz on DJ JS-1 ft. Akrobatik, Breez Evahflowin’, C-Rayz Walz, and React’s “Flying Guillotines”
“Oh” - [?]

[Bridge: C-Rayz Walz]
Original underground
Where the thunder’s found
Breaking the noise
Original styles, DJs and b-boys
Markers and mics
C-Rayz Walz, I’ll start the light
Instruct the flight