[Intro: Poison Pen and (Breez Evahflowin’)]
Uh huh, uh huh, what?  (Yeah).  Yeah, yeah.  (Put the Stronghold on this piece).  Stronghold

[Hook: Breez Evahflowin’] (x2)
Sticks and stones, built like bricks and bones
Form a plan.  Five fingers to the hand
Stronghold, “Foundation.”  Watch
We break it down so these crews can understand what they facing

[Interlude: Poison Pen]
What?  Middle finger style

[Verse 1: Poison Pen]
Burst up in the director’s chair
These shorties playing in my hair
Stronghold controversial
Don’t need no deal—we’ll sell our shit through infomercials
R-I-double-A certified over the top
Ain’t got no plaque but that don’t mean we can’t rock
Yo, it’s Cocktails.  My Molotov
Jewish cats, mazel tov.  Hot style
With a Alfred Hitchcock profile
Poison Pen chilling
L.I.F.E., Walz, Kap-er, Evahflowin’
Strongholding, taking this world for hostage
Yo, word up, I got this.  Y’all miniscule
Catch L’s like Washington Generals
I’m hip hop.  You hip—not
We hypnotics speaking in terms economic
That might lead to tragedies
The way these chicks chasing my balls, yo, they should be my caddies
Got other things to do besides rolling fatties
On records, I’m waiting
To hear the fly shit—stop wasting my time
You ain’t feeling me?  I feel myself like masturbation
No faking, I wanna see some dollar signs
Even if your crew [?] they can take us
You better wake the fuck up and apologize
Molotov

[Verse 2: Breez Evahflowin’]
In these last days and times, I take time to blaze a rhyme
While them government labs begun crafting laser 9s
Say lines, get respect and leave your checking your set
Evahflowin’ so wet, leaving foes with regrets
I bet the farm on our strong-armed tactics with this rap ish
Four plus one fantastic, verbally graphic
Depictions.  Don’t rhyme, whatever you do
I’m sharing light with four niggas—ain’t enough for you too
And if it’s dimwits tryna swim with sharks
I blow darts, penetrate the farthest parts in your heart
Spark hot ish like Mr. Hankey with a mic.  You didn’t like my speak?
F the stage—we battle on the streets when we meet

[Hook: Breez Evahflowin’] (x2)
Sticks and stones, built like bricks and bones
Form a plan.  Five fingers to the hand
Stronghold, “Foundation.”  Watch
We break it down so these crews can understand what they facing

[Verse 3: C-Rayz Walz]
C-Rayz born to blaze, perform for days
Stronghold crush y’all cats weak/week like seven days
I keep flow whether dressed up or in street clothes
With hip hop leaking through your peephole.  Stronghold
Get you bent like dope fiends and elbows, so each know
We totally rambunctious, crushing windpipes with lunge punches
Vocals get you bent like sit-ups and crunches
I don’t take ‘em, nor do I give a fuck
Stronghold, son.  AKA "Cock Diesel Clutch"
Lyrically beat you up, mentally eat you up
Thumbtack tracks that keep each of you stuck
Tough like leather, Run DMC to the ends of the Earth
Make your DJ jump off the edge of my verse
Stronghold off the head thirst, freestyle first, release a curse
Make your written verse taste like dirt
We getting five mics.  But when live on stage
Like Shanté, making the underground stay like Devontae
Yo, Joey, Casey
My styles be aligned, telling all y’all wack cats to take me
Spit at crews jealous with they dusty flows
Wanting my team to take shots Muggsy Bogues
Chill.  Never can and never will
Stronghold fresh like ’86, Hawaiian suits, espadrille

[Verse 4: L.I.F.E. Long]
Ayyo, these clowns should be in Boredville with they weak rhymes and ice grills
Money, chill.  You couldn’t measure to my Stronghold even if you took steroid pills
But I build like the mind of an architect with the blueprints to show
Hitting cats with knockout blows, scream, “Instant KO”
When I knock out domes for standing in my striking zone
I hold my own whether with a clique or alone
Plus many heads’ll get blown if true colors are exposed
Like a rainbow. I aim at my foes through a scope lens attached to a crossbow
Wilder than the hair on Cosmo
L.I.F.E. is special, his last quote
Saying that time won’t detonate as Stronghold soon to blow

[Verse 5: Stelf Index]
Blow.  Yo
The trigger finger of the fort, Kap-er cap like the salary
Closing the door on you.  And you’ll need ER if you rush through
Two wrongs don’t make a right.  But three lefts’ll be a KO
Like [?] drop for when I stay low
Now clowns are tracing my whereabouts ‘cause they can’t draw
Some say things I do and let me and the mental draw
Backward.  Lyrically doing it the solid way
Break it up like dysfunctional families after holidays

[Outro: Stelf Index]
Stronghold.  Five fingers, one fist.  Like this