[Intro: Skit]
[Officer]
Hey buddy, got any weapons here?  Hey, what’s that on your hip?  Hey, let me check that
[Civilian]
Yo man, that ain’t no fucking gun.  That’s my beeper.  Get the fuck out of here, man
[Officer]
Hey, hey, what’s that, what’s that?  The brick fist gang?
[Civilian]
This ain’t no gang symbol.  It’s a Stronghold t-shirt, you dickhead!
[Officer]
Hey, hey buddy, wanna [?] me?
[Civilian]
What you, what you gon’ do?  Arrest me?  Come on
[Officer]
Hey, hey, come here.  Officer requesting backup.  Officer requesting backup.  Officer requesting backup

[C-Rayz Walz Talking over Skit]
Fuck them niggas
Like a hundred niggas right there.  Stronghold, OBS, People’s Army.  I’ll kill y’all niggas.  Fuck Rudy

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
I wrote this one blunted.  Get that bitch in Gracie Mansion hunted
NY, do or die.  Who done it?
Blue suits coming?  Fuck that—I ain’t running
On point, shooting sharp shit like ninja gunmen
Slugs for Uhuru.  STD niggas is voodoo
Us against the pigs something brutal—nothing neutral
Fuck what you used to.  Rudy wanna swing ya from trees
With the noose loop for a deuce deuce
Blocks is hot, politics this dragon breathes
Get a nigga 25 to life for a bag of weed
They ain’t catching me.  Cappadonna said, “Run”
I hold knife-sized guns and sell branch until I’m done
Like stic.man, rolling out for dead presidents
Still know the plan of the hit man.  Evidence:
The blue van.  On some bullshit like a tourist
I got the eye of the tiger like Horace in the jungle fortress
Undercover cops think they Bruce Willis on some fake shit
But I’m Keanu Reeves in the Matrix
Quick to run with speed through a building basement
Beats got my heart racing
Giuliani think it’s mad niggas in the street that need replacing, long vacation
I’m saying, “Hold up.”  They roll up, my shots make ‘em leak donuts
Clip bombs in the precinct frequent
Stations are like the phoenix when I’m done creeping
On the D train, I see flames like “Douse him”
Fuck hell—jog through Central Park
Catch you while they can’t tell I hold clips.  TNT patrolling my dick
I’ll blame it on Judy ‘cause he put out the hit
Fucking faggot.  Made my hustle hard
Can’t even swipe [?] with my metro card
Fucking transvestite.  Yo, where you dressing your wig at?
If that bitch get shot, bet green money I did that
‘Cause police smoke crack.  Even rats carry gats
Racism relax where I’m at
Drinking malt liquor.  Push ups in the slum
All my niggas act dumb and get smart when cops come
They think they musketeers with shotguns
Fuck a badge number—this summer, I’m grudge-thirst with mad hunger
Revenge for my black ass without the plunger
41 shots?  I send 82 drama-full
To kill Rudy Giu—rest in peace Amadou
Fuck the mayor!