[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
The fire burns within of me.  The instant the energy enters me
Senses my inner chi, it burns the enemy
If you overstand lava, I’m underground like Shambhala
Art or fam of Allah’s father
Who’s in the output, hasting killers’ delivery?
Humble figure—I figure that’s why my shadow’s bigger than me
Walk the talk—actions correspond like calligraphy
Another coincides in the mind—it was meant to be
Convincingly, I hold power.  Flowers hold grudges
I fold cowards, shatter your nose with bludgeons, cold-crushing
A-alikes that B.C.-date you.  Gas you up
Then show you the point after we deflate you
I’m smoking weed, coaching the seeds.  Holding three sticks
Of dynamite at night—what I write ignite.  True indeed!
Bleed in the theme gulped in realities seen
Words travel like scream, coasting, showing emotion and steam
Y’all fear devils, Babel crushed Towers
I jump on adrenaline trains during rush hours
Express vocals through locally.  No emergency brake
We stopped the headshots.  Slowly approaching, we
Leave, return with the lies and truth
From, from this big, golden apple—don’t let it tempt you
‘Cause the men of [?] is a coffin for fools
And if you don’t hear me, then I ain’t really talking to you
Ifou see us on stage, it’s more than a habit—flee!
Don’t say what’s up unless you defy the laws of gravity

[Hook: iCON the Mic King and (C-Rayz Walz)] (x2)
My passion for rap is camping (at the base of my soul)
It’s a blazing, raging inferno (and I’m taking control)
Feel the spirit in beats (and I instantly yearn)
To let that flame escape (In-IndieInBurns)

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz and iCON the Mic King]
[iCON the Mic King]
I’m a Fallen Angel from higher levels to stomp you out
I teach ideas arithmetic—it’s the thought that counts
[C-Rayz Walz]
Amount to nothing but fronting, infinity to second
Forever disrespected when the energy’s reflected
[iCON the Mic King]
In retrospect, my texts infect each one of your enzyme’s times
Only divided by when it’s myself—you could say I’m in my prime
[C-Rayz Walz]
Sublime, we stand out from getting even for some odd years
And when the steam say, “Shoot,” we burn y’all ears
[iCON the Mic King]
With acid.  Y’all copy iCON and Walz sloppy
You’ll be operating at a loss...
[C-Rayz Walz]
...like autopsies
Vocals chords proxy—we increase the range
Spill lava on your two-way...
[iCON the Mic King]
...erase the pains
Take the stage, hold the weight of words, master styles of wisdom
We got emcees studying our thought patterns for algorithms
[C-Rayz Walz]
Give ‘em lyrical enlightenment, the spiritual requirement
Of challenge and balance the hip hop environment
[iCON the Mic King]
When properly heated and watered, you’re often at need to be fostered
Me and C-Rayz, we say, “We got to be leading this father”
[C-Rayz Walz]
Beyond the molten aqua like scorching phlegm
They only hate ‘cause the voices don’t talk to them
[iCON the Mic King]
We got multiple personalities with skills you’ll never hope to hold
So when I’m done you’ll be ahead/a head of something: a totem pole
[C-Rayz Walz]
Coal bipolar versus high solar, cold controller of flames
Splash bars, scar the game
[iCON the Mic King]
As far as my name, final statement I say to this:
I remember the day I craved to change my alias
It was the same day Jesus Christ became an atheist
I rip holes in time and space, make sheets from fabric
You take naked pictures for exposure...
[C-Rayz Walz]
...we keep it graphic
Wreaking havoc on a savage ‘til the enemy learns
Next one to touch the mic will suffer IndieIn...

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz and (iCON the Mic King)] (x2)
My passion for rap is camping (at the base of my soul)
A blazing, raging inferno (and I’m taking control)
Feel the spirit in beats (and I instantly yearn)
To let that flame escape (Ah, IndieInBurns)

[Verse 3: iCON the Mic King]
The fire burns within of me
The instant the energy enters me, senses my inner chi
Trigger thought, run on the hours, so when ideas cross my mind
They gather over the track and patiently watch the time
My interior glow makes most inferior, so
I’m the most conceited, molten-speaking, prone to host a zenith
I came around and laid it down.  You changing flow procedures
Why single out wack rappers?  That just makes ‘em feel important
I’ll put knuckle prints in their eyes, make their view of life distorted
Won’t go stop in the sight of God, so I stopped coming to battles
I’m blowing the fuck up—do your best to avoid the shrapnel
I come off the dome piece and expose who flows weak
The fact is I don’t who you are.  You wack rappers know me
I must make you feel inadequate.  Well, that’s OK
Y’all supposed to be below me/Mi—the same as Do-Re
I’m raining a reign of terror, explaining the flame is toxic
We all know the world a stage—my aim is to throw you off it
Not for nothing, but your plots are suffering ‘cause I got the [?]
A Legend in the making even though Acura stopped production
Incinerate sentences, simply inspire y’all
While these energies curve through synergy, IndieInBurns
You won’t have enough access to break through firewalls/fire Walz
For all those cast out the inferno, use these pencils in vain/vein
So I squeeze all your [live day pores?] to rekindle the flame
Don’t get mad when I’m over your head—it’s my favorite sound to use
Fuckface, I’m not fabulous.  I ain’t here to spell it out for you
F-U-C-K-F-A-C-E, resistance is futile, repentance is useless
We’ll force the javelin through your ear so you can spearhead the movement
Me and C-Rayz bleed flames.  If it’s mics you handle in vain/vein
We’ll let that heat flow through your headphones to scramble your brain

[Hook: iCON the Mic King and (C-Rayz Walz)] (x4)
My passion for rap is camping (at the base of my soul)
It’s a blazing, raging inferno (and I’m taking control)
Feel the spirit in beats (and I instantly yearn)
To let that flame escape (In-IndieInBurns)