C-Rayz Walz - “Knowledge (The Beatnikz Remix)”
[Emcee(s): C-Rayz Walz]
[Producer(s): The Beatnikz (Frank Blank and Lil Jay)]
[Scratches: The Beatnikz (Frank Blank and Lil Jay)]

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz]
I don’t
Know how I’m supposed to live in the streets.  I don’t
Know.  I’m just a local kid from the East.  I don’t
Know, but I don’t want to do my thing if I’ll
Be stuck in the bing.  I don’t know.  I don’t
Know how I’m supposed to live in the streets.  I don’t
Know.  I’m just a vocal kid from the East.  I don’t
Know, but I don’t want to do my thing if I’ll
Be stuck in the bing.  I don’t know.  I don’t

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
It all started with that metro card—damn!
Why my moms ain’t let me use that metro card?  Unlimited
Scars.  What I spit on bars bone-chill.  She said
“No” to me—what?!?  I just paid the phone bills.  My stone-
-willed ego screamed, “You broke?  Do a robbery”
My guardian said, “You’ll let locked up probably”
With anger in my heart, I retorted, “Don’t bother me,” and
Continued to “Deal in the Now” constantly
I hopped the train.  Flame on my brain, I see my target
Avirex leather, platinum chains, fat pockets
I punched him in his face.  Blood dripped on my cloth, kid
Thinking to myself, I’m like, “Damn, I’m beyond this”
But, regardless, I gotta finish what I started
I drugged him with punches like a knuckle narcotic
I heard the gun click right before I seen the sparks spit
The bullet ricocheted.  I’m like, “Damn, this is a knock home” (Oh shit)

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz]
I didn’t
Know how I’m supposed to live in the streets.  I didn’t
Know.  That day, I could have killed police.  I didn’t
Know.  Now how I’m supposed to do my thing?  If I’m
Stuck in the bing?  I didn’t know.  I didn’t
Know how I’m supposed to live in the streets.  I didn’t
Know.  That day, I could have killed police.  I didn’t
Know.  Now how I’m supposed to do my thing?  If I’m
Stuck in the bing?  I didn’t know.  I didn’t

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
With a swift arm twist, I let a shot up in his heart kit
By mistake, I reacted to a flashback of bondage
I heard the radio, started my sprint like a runaway
Slave in a maze.  Because of this, I might be
Using the walls to count days/daze—confusion
Left me choosing the wrong ways.  I feel
Like Kunta.  Pounce on my tail, there’s drama, god
Cops chasing me and jails is packed like Amistad.  I don’t
Wanna manifest Allah through bars (Nah) or dress in
Green that ain’t fatigue, and I’m used to “Camouflage”
Claustrophobic, I’ll go crazy in my cell.  Fuck
Rhyming.  I’ll roll acapell in that hell.  Instead
Of stoges, I’ll ignite my soul and write
Like Mumia: “Live from Death Row.”  I’ll feel
Lightning blows from nightsticks, a crowd of chokeholds
Black boots massage my limbs—ten in a row.  I could
See it now: murder-page face, I’ll be famous.  In the
Precinct, they beat me like Larry Davis.  The cop
Died.  I see my moms cry in my mind.  Threw my
Watch against the wall ‘cause now Amadou/I’ma do time.  I know
Justice.  The judge ain’t got to speak fate.  Damn
I should have stayed home and wrote rhymes to that beat tape
I could have been paid with fame from lyrical flame.  Now I’m
Slave, using the walls to count days

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz]
Now I
Know everything is real in the streets.  Now I
Know.  That day, I killed police.  Now I
Know I’m never gonna do my thing, forever
Stuck in the bing.  Now I know.  Now I
Know everything is real in the streets.  Now I
Know ‘cause, that day, I killed police.  Now I
Know I’m never gonna do my thing, forever
Stuck in the bing.  I didn’t know.  Now I
Know

[Outro: Samples with Scratches by The Beatnikz (Frank Blank and Lil Jay)]
“Damn!” - Sample from C-Rayz Walz - “Knowledge”
“It all started with that metro card” - Sample from C-Rayz Walz - “Knowledge”
“Damn!” - Sample from C-Rayz Walz - “Knowledge”
“It all started with that metro card” - Sample from C-Rayz Walz - “Knowledge”
“Damn!” - Sample from C-Rayz Walz - “Knowledge”
“It all started with that metro card” - Sample from C-Rayz Walz - “Knowledge”
“Damn!” - Sample from C-Rayz Walz - “Knowledge”