[Hook]
I must be the king
You be
Be the king
I must be the king
Be the king
I must be the king
You be
Be the king
I must be the king
Be the king

[Verse 1 – C-Rayz Walz]
I'm not a human being—I'm a human doing
Watchin' humans movin' through these rooms and ruins
Dust to dust.  In the cut without puss
We Peroxide.  What's hip hop without us?
My verse is pregnant with so much contraction
I'mma give birth to a segment
The kid Rayz wanna raise kids.  Fuck a racist
That pencil mind state need erasers
Adults thinkin', "The youth is so evil"
The kids thinkin', "Fuck them stupid old people!"
My angels are with me forever
I look at the big picture and it's the angles I treasure
I hang with the bums
Of course my slang bang in the slums
I am the remaining one
My fans think I'm rich ‘cause they seein' the wealth
You started rhymin' so you wouldn't have to be yourself

[Hook]

[Verse 2 – C-Rayz Walz]
I watch porn in fast forward to see what's coming/cumming
‘Cause sometimes sex is nothing/nutting
But on some old school shit, protect the youngins
I'm bugged out—Walz is the best at buggin'
My advice to all, big, short, little, or tall
I Skribble Jams on walls next to bathroom stalls
I'm a rock star like, “Yo, hit the cymbals harder”
In the pridelands, God, I am Simba's father

[Speaking]
Simba, remember.  There are things in the world to discover.  When you love yourself, it is easy to love another.  Overstand, things are not always what they seem.  See them for what they are.  And remember, you be.  You are the king

[Hook]

[Verse 3 – C-Rayz Walz]
Peace to Rosie the Riveter
We are political prisoners waitin' for God to deliver us
Waitin' for lies
We look to the skies and wonder why
Jesus don't visit us
Study my thesis ‘til it's anti-left
If my blindness help me see, why can't I rep?
They cut off your mind when you work with your hands
When you work with your mind, they cut off your hands
Everybody loves a quitter, so I stop smokin' stogs
And fixed myself up in that broken home
Equipped with truth.  Life is difficult
‘Cause like the Roto Rooter man, I got shit to do
I'm Hype Lee with Thai Chi discipline
Got white teens listenin' to I-Ching penmanship
Truth to behold, the golden soldier molded once
Pieces, the beginning to the old so
If you love my music, I love you back ‘cause my music is actually me
If you a thug or a nerd, white or black, I C-Rayz/see rays universally
I don't need to bling to do my thing
I'm royalty, so I must king
Leo