S.O.U.L. Purpose ft. C-Rayz Walz, Marvalous, and Scram Jones - “Let’s Go (Remix)”
[Produced by King Koncepts and Zvi Edelman]

[Intro: Scram Jones]
Yeah.  This be the S.O.U.L. Purpose in the building.  Maz, [?], C-Rayz Walz, Marvalous, Scram Jones.  Come on, let’s go!

[Hook 1: Mazzi and King Koncepts] (x2)
It’s just that soulful music.  We bound to put y’all through it
Now feel this as we do it.  Let’s go, let’s go, let’s go, let’s go

[Verse 1: Mazzi]
Get-down rhythm of the funky soul
Hop ‘round, wanna show ‘em that I’m in control
Take sounds to a place never been before
Now hit the floor.  A joker like Piscopo
Plus diesel, what I hold is weapon that’s lethal
Kick through windows, bust through doors
Rival whores in corridors
In the right path like the common doors
Serve the mass and they ask for more
[Whore their ass like a stash-and-store?]
Style and finesse of a matador
I’m thirsty, hungry, starving, parched
Pound on through with the song as heart
[Advance from getting lap dance.  Go ahead?]
The gift of gab that keeps on giving
Spitting what I’m shitting with a free or written
I flow concurrent.  You’re just a fake wave
Tecmo sounds in order to pave way
[?]
Know that I got to be stacking (Oh!)
Exceed with the beat, whether fast or slow

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
Passion to grow, stay blasting a flow
I’ll bubble humble in the jungle, my rumble
The buzz, but you ain’t know what it was
The first time we stung, you mumbled like, “What!”
Stay on the bundle: what we pummeled and lunatic
Your tuna fish bitch’ll get you drowned in a puddle of piss
My rebuttal is sick.  If you think that it’s not
You probably couldn’t go to the hospital to visit Ravipops
(Stop!) Ain’t nothing sweet but the lollipops.  The god, he got
Chickens in grizzle with rizzle.  You bizzled with body shots
My clan’s hungry.  Jackass, we slam dunkies
Take a dump in your jelly smelly and makes the jam funky
Rep the beat of the street life with skunk valleys
In The Valley of Jeep Beats like, “Fuck Sally”
So while you stay bored, I’ll roll with excitement
And Scribble Jams for fans with bad handwriting

[Hook 2: Mazzi and (King Koncepts)] (x2)
White-collar to blue-collars and in between, (y’all feel me?)
Doobie wraps to kufi hats and in between, (y’all feel me?)
Players to thug hustler and in between, (y’all feel me?)
Gangsters to thug tusslers and in between, (y’all feel me?)

[Verse 3: Marvalous]
All these dudes in here.  I’ll leave
With the girls and the jewels like souvenirs
Dudes rush soldiers here.  My crew
Come through like a whole pack of polar bears
Look, they over there.  Way over there
Damn, they stay over there
[Give me some flavors, Crayola?].  Yeah, just
Do what you want, play over there
[?].  I’m Clark-Kenting with a blue rag
Clouding the white wife beater and the durag
She be like, “Who that there?  How you do that there?
Yeah, daddy, yeah, you right there”
Still holding bill folds as
Marvalous, you dildo.  It’s
Obvious we’re real, though
If you don’t by now, you will know
Get paper like Kinko’s, bankrolls
Pintos?  No, I don’t think so
If you’re po-lice, know dice can’t roll
Hater, now say it ain’t so
Marvalous [?], slap up
Players and ballers like Bobby Knight
[?]
You want to ball tonight?  We’re gonna ball tonight

[Verse 4: Scram Jones]
I was scribbling verses with a S.O.U.L. Purpose
Scram Jones sipping on nurses
These clowns should get their own circus
I’ma make ‘em Sprint without the slow service
Rolling up with the Mazzi posse
Showing up with the paparazzi
Blowing up like in Nagasaki
Blowing up like a motherfucking kamikaze
Marvalous, Koncept, and C-Rayz
Big Maz, Scram Jones the DJ
[?] down to the BK
Can’t give you cash—no leeway
Got my shit to sell, then eBay
Give your girl the rock like freeway
Tell your chick I need my BJ
Come suck my D-I-C-K

[Hook 2: Mazzi and (King Koncepts)] (x2)
White-collar to blue-collars and in between, (y’all feel me?)
Doobie wraps to kufi hats and in between, (y’all feel me?)
Players to thug hustler and in between, (y’all feel me?)
Gangsters to thug tusslers and in between, (y’all feel me?)

[Hook 1: Mazzi and King Koncepts] (x8)
It’s just that soulful music.  We bound to put y’all through it
Now feel this as we do it.  Let’s go, let’s go, let’s go, let’s go