[Hook One: C-Rayz Walz]
Sitting by my lonely
Thinking ‘bout my homies
Y’all don’t really know me

[Hook Two: C-Rayz Walz]
If I died right now, I’d be mad upset
‘Cause the way I feel: I’m not finished yet
But when I leave this body, I guess I did
So for now, I’m doing this lifetime bid

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
Who’s the real the terrorist?  The industry or the senators
The pig cops who wanna pop shots to injure us
Sorry ‘bout The Towers, y’all.  We been in Babel
So don’t give me a pound with sound—I might stab you
This is for my thugs who bite the bullets and swallow the drugs
Bottles of blunts, hard-rock chumps, drama in clubs
Do the math.  You wanna know the path?  Follow the slug
I get paid if I could bottle the love.  Now swallow the snow
Ain’t nothing fucking fair in the cities of clutching fear
Get your plastic melted like classic batches of Tupperware
Fuck coke!  Before I go broke, I’ll flip the raw flow
And hit from every angle like a talented kid in a porno
By the way, I don’t spit—my scripts get dumber, fams
I’m a type of MC you label “Instant Summer Jam”
Just add water, add sword.  I add slaughter
Add sun, moon, and stars—universal explorer holding my daughter
In a Ford Taurus with the beast running towards us
Kicking your door up just to rush your forefronts
More beer, more blunts, more chicks, more bucks
Keep acting pussy, rookie, keep getting fucked up
Plus I fight with light, incite camouflaged steelos
God stay sharp amongst barb wire egos
“It’s a Wrap”—embedded the facts in hard drive
The archive douse your pride with live “Peroxide”
Pass the dollar plus the math for the scholars
Who laugh while feeding your cat to mad Rottweilers—don’t stop to holler!
I snatch your voice box and I don’t drink beer
I think, blink, stare, and share choice hops
Well respect me now or you will later
I’m cocodrilo in el barrio—alligator (The alligator)

[Hook One: C-Rayz Walz] (x2)
Sitting by my lonely
Thinking ‘bout my homies
Y’all don’t really know me

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
Ayyo, we come through.  Nine Inch Nails leave your tongue stuck
You fucked up, but that’s life—thumbs up
You missed out.  See you next session.  Stressing the mic blessing
Play the background.  You know?  Glossary section
Shit ain’t the same on these streets no more
Hit the battleground, prepare yourself for war
Everybody want it all, gotta score in this game
Two slugs in the clips—one is sure to hit the brain
The most high—bless me.  Vision absolute
Life’s a freefall—the mind’s the parachute
Situations are clouds or they appear to be
And when you touch ground, you walk away—finally free
I got stacks, rhymes, and beats to match
I got stacks—real-a-real and that’s
I got stacks, nice dress shirts and slacks
I got stack, cheese, and hoodie

[Hook Two (Overlapped with Hook One): C-Rayz Walz]
If I died right now, I’d be mad upset
‘Cause the way I feel: I’m not finished yet
But when I leave this body, I guess I did
So for now, I’m doing this lifetime bid

[Hook One: C-Rayz Walz] (x6)
Sitting by my lonely
Thinking ‘bout my homies
Y’all don’t really know me

[Outro: Phone Call Skit]
[C-Rayz Walz]
Yo Breezy, what’s up?  It’s C-Rayz.  Yo, basically, man, it’s the bottom of the 9th, man.  You’re up to bat.  You know’m saying?  Don’t fly out.  You know’m saying?  Hit me back, don’t tag out.  You know?  Fuck it.  Hit a home run.  Let me know what’s going on.  So holla back.  Hollat yo piño.  Jalapeño.  Peace
[Voice Mail System]
End of message