[Intro: 4th Pyramid]
Yeah, give me an aspirin pill, motherfucker

[Bridge: C-Rayz Walz] (x4)
Making the jux

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
We could start with a rural report in the war with orcs
I don’t pop cops no more—I four-four the porks
Morbid joints shook your skeleton with tour de force
Military corps stalk and secure my porch
‘Cause they know I’m the house with Lord Voldemort
When they Slytherin, I Gryffindor across the port
Hock spit, talk shit, rich with no cash
Off the Walz, I still write graff.  Want to toe-tag?
I shake piss in your face but I ain’t shaking your hand
And I won’t support you, so I’m making a band
It’s getting in here (Yeah!).  I’m taking your fans
Get your feet above my clan and I’m breaking your handstands
You want cock.  You don’t want to bust your Glock
Your gun don’t work.  Your consortium is anti-pop
In the hood, I got clout with killers.  No doubt
Before I’m out, let me shout, “My niggas”
Move-ment

[Verse 2: 4th Pyramid]
Big talk mean that you little shit riddles
Spit, fiddle with flow type ridiculous
No hype, meticulous.  Hold mic for Pyramids
Forget the clout and fame
Need some dough.  Give me that and I’m out the game
Not out to claim.  Well, hell, it’s the joint, kid
Out to sell well but I’m self-appointed
So hot, left the kettle boiling
Internet addict intercept bad shit
Innocent madness.  Magnificent bastards
Delivering rapper, limerick splatter
Living in chapter of serum and dagger
Fans cheering the batter, freedom from stature
Meaningless actors, I will pee on your mattress
Beat, I’ve been mean in the madness, just too busy
Meeting these rap kids, fleeing arachnids

[Verse 3: C-Rayz Walz]
You in hot water now, pasta boy.  Watch the void
My Leonard Nimoy thugs Spock your voice
Stop the noise, stop your noise.  What?  I’m Def
Jux to the illest manifestation of fresh
Yes, yes, I’m blessed with the rhythm of rebels
For sixteen bars, the god get gold medals
Fo sho, we got spare ass-whippings, spare flows
Spear thrown through his chest.  Now George Bush is soaked
Oh!  Oh!  Man, don’t you know I’m grown?
My special blends in the cut.  The gems’ll get cloned
I write essays, smash when my Brothers Slide
You ain’t peace, partner.  Why you thinking otherwise?
My up-north Cannibal niggas stay Oxing
Fuck you up in a shower, call it, “Roller-Derby Boxing”
Make long stories shorter than cheeba tales and midget reporters
When I flow, I’ll keep my head above water

[Verse 4: 4th Pyramid]
Flows track to the beat, goes back to the deep
Essence of percussion.  Go back to sleep
Mind free from worry.  Need to let out more steam
Seems that I’m blurry in a holographic state
Holographic raves follow massive blades
Got to stash the pain.  A lot of rappers claim
Teardrops splash and rain.  Ayyo, hold up...
The fax just rang
I got to make a move soon.  Money, pass the gin
Laugh within.  Really, I don’t have to grin
Protect your skin.  You Earl Grey?  I’m peppermint
If it’s the end of the day, let’s begin
I’m granny, knitted you an amateur sweater
Her pain guy telling you my manager’s better
It’s 4th P on the damage vendetta
Mad ‘cause you hot, but I’m brandishing leathers

[Verse 5: C-Rayz Walz and 4th Pyramid]
[C-Rayz Walz]
Spicy swirl girls twirl and scratch nuts
While I’m in the White House with a black tux
Force you to be mute when I step values
‘Cause most of y’all already dropped a wack album
[4th Pyramid]
Peruvian poon-poon knocking on my windowsill
She’s a nympho.  Still, we going in for a kill
Come on, nigga, we don’t live a lil
And make the river still, plus the Sun black
And, at that point, ask, “Where your guns at?”
At that point, ask, “Where your guns at?”
What?

[Outro: C-Rayz Walz and (4th Pyramid)]
Where your guns at?  Where your guns at?  You got no shells.  (And that’s it right there).  Aight