C-Rayz Walz ft. Buddha Belly and Honest John - “Mark of the Beast”
[Emcee(s): C-Rayz Walz]
[Producer(s): C-Rayz Walz]
[Bass: Honest John]
[BeastBox: Buddha Belly]

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
I flow, but did you also know
I go to the dojo to practice kicks?
Nonezeo, the hats and the snares throw fits
Catch ‘em and rip—many to send—this is wildcat music
Kentucky-Ale-drinking got the dame thinking
“Howdy do / How’d he do it?”  Fluid the session, the essence of
Movement.  Leo in the Pride Lands, repping
“Guns and Butter,” “Balance” the weapon.  Check it.  I’ma
“Protect My Family”
Living on the corner.  Got a
Mean “Thug Melody” blessing the verse
My “’86” "Spitamatics" is curved (Word?)
The “Lineups” without the police
Sting your face, red-light-district your niece
But, on some ludicrous shit, I’ll spit ‘til the booth is a blip
Off the Radar.  You aloof—to “Battle Me” is bloopers on clip
“Elephant Guns”’ll lick through the roof of your six
That’s mainstream piss for my “We Live” kids
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.  You already know.  You thinking
“How?”  Wow.  That’s “Dead Buffalos”
Real is fake.  The Church versus holy smoke
And a “Seal Killa” told me to vote—can you relate?
My “Camouflage” is Ill like Bill.  We’re still clapping
Last seen leaving the building with an Elvis sport jacket
Rapping and laughing at thought splashes.  Bubble your
Brackets.  I’ll “3 Card Molly” you maggots
“Body You” bastards, walk a mile in my shoes, burn while
My feet hurt, but my soul’s in tune
Ravipops is a learning sensation.  They say, “Don’t do
Anything great if you can’t handle congratulations”
"Revelations" made Moses disgruntled.  I'm humbled
Your mother should have breast-pumped you three fucks, dude
When insecure, secure what is envy or suffer
The hell of a shell that’s empty.  Came
Precise.  Etch A Sketch, your beats is sick.  We the
Men from Risk with the Solar Panelist
Buddha Belly on beatbox, John on bass, Rayz on
Spit, then G’s automatic, usually stick
Lunch at Red Lobsters, Michelle got spliffs
Tell her agency, “Let’s go!”  Kentucky’s the shit
Mark of the Beast