[Intro: C-Rayz Walz]
Fat Beats.  DJ Next.  And next up is the mighty Stronghold.  Stronghold, NYC.  DJ Next styles

[Bridge: C-Rayz Walz]
Be the next one to say it.  Be the next one to play it
Don’t be the next to emulate it
Be the next to be creative
The mic made us
Like this

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
Stronghold mirror-reflect each other
It’s elementary—we’ve been doing this since sixth grade, brother
Ask your mother.  Your pops used to bite my rhymes
We keep it going and beat you to death with stop signs
Pop 9s.  Act, you get ate/8
There’s no peace—we wanted in ten states on tracks and freeways
Get it together.  I spit eight, kill sixteen
I’m still dirty—just now, my money’s clean
My big face has just came out the washing machine
Bend coins—my nickel got a crease in the seams
Stupid, you must have sat in the back of the class
Y’all can catch Walz in the hall with a platinum pad
I would write for y’all, but y’all don’t think that fast
I’m bicoastal, smoke fools and triumph the vocals
Look ma, no hands!  I still choke you (Repeat)
Slash like the wrath of samurai
Keep it moving when I stand still like Jamiroquai
I’ll be damn if I ain’t gon’ shine this year
Players faking in them diamond studs that they wear
I know I’m nice.  “Refined / On the Mic,” we often
Blast off and put one in your head like a dolphin

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz and Breez Evahflowin’]
DJ, next up.  Yo, I believe that me
Are you a real live Stronghold MC?
I must be.  Secret handshake to the top
1, 2, 3, 4, 5—we don’t stop

[Verse 2: Breez Evahflowin’]
My style’s aggressive like breasts in a jumping jack
I’m Mr. What?  Keep bumping that
I’m pumping back my rap gauge.  Rampage, collapse stage
The ash blaze.  Use your champagne as an ashtray
My ass lay back, lay dick like lay track
Payback’s a bitch on some trifling trade-back
Shit stink.  Think, then speak in that order
I’m peeping out all of them heating over seats for them orders
Are these the reporters Chuck spoke about?  You need a broken mouth
The often outcome: you outdone—run!
And I don’t mean no reverend—I’m talking ‘bout severing
Domes from any known four element clone
The cable elephant, memory man heavenly plan
Stack rants ‘til I'm seventy and “Welcome to Breezland”
Damn right I want a theme park where you can steam, spark the doja
And ride the Strongholder Coaster
Hold the poster in the highest regard
Live as a squad as sure as 5 is the god
4 is the goal, 3 is out of control
2 is Morse Code, 1 definition of soul
Verbal do a repetition of sets
Represent my reps so every verse be anatomically correct
Atomically connect like molecular compound
Stronghold stomp down your squad, shut comp down

[Hook: Breez Evahflowin’ and Stelf Index]
DJ, next up.  Yo, I believe that me
Are you a real live Stronghold MC?
I must be.  Secret handshake to the top
1, 2, 3, 4, 5—we don’t stop

[Verse 3: Stelf Index]
Index notorious, glorious
Knowledge is infinite—I live in a Stronghold fortress
Abort stress I don’t need like organs in a orgy
With hospital orderlies and no AC
Greens specifically.  I exist in time pacific
Write prolific, force holocaust
I hear cries, burn the fingertips, squeeze your throat to dry your ass
Letting you go will be big of me/bigamy like two wives, stupid ass
Somebody gassed your head like flatulence.  I influence
Hot as sun, I see the done in you and the dumb in you
Kap-er flow, float on top.  You popped over the head
With Poland Spring bottle filled with rocks—you can’t rock
Rock on your rib, slash ‘em.  They’re not on your head
Replace the ones in your pocket.  You microscopic
We calling the shots like bullets through fiber optic
End topic: “He’s aight.”  Each you better stop it

[Outro: C-Rayz Walz]
SH5.  “Pages.”  Mixtape.  (Stronghold).  “Pages.”  Cardiño Reyes.  “Pages.”  The Sun Cycle MC.  “Pages.”