[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
With no participation, you ain’t part of the nation
To civilize a savage takes mathematics and patience
You can’t be average where players move like lasers
Hot vibrations I spit might break your pager
The drug ruler buffoon refute evil barons
I use jewels that cruise through the air like eagle talons
Lighting a ass.  Too bad you can’t handle the truth
If I give you a pound of the ground, you land on the roof
Here’s the proof: when you hear C-Rayz like Romulus
Your ears might crack like the statue of Adonis
In Greece, you fucking thief, you can’t steal my math
Don’t let me set you straight to put a crease in your ass
Kinetic energy stronger than multiple gunplay
Powerful like the jaws on the last Sunday
The sky is falling.  Pussycats is scared to jump
The storm warning says, “Close your eyes.  Here we come”

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz] (x2)
Not for nothing—word to everything I love
This gully.  Doing it ‘cause that’s my what?!?
Cupid’s dead—‘nough said—no love
We out of control, off the hook, and unplugged

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
Make it clear—peace—dear God, we right here
Coming out the dark may take the art a light year
I control my danger but it’s anger when the pigs be flipped
To say I look Asian gazing with a Egyptian stare
I wear flying carpets like Arabian do-rags
Over my 360s, full circle like, “Who that?!?”
The Sun Cycle since the beginning of time
Truth’ll begin in my mind, made you acknowledge my shine
Take it for what it’s worth before you self-combust and burst
Tell the truth on son’ll really be touching the earth
Tilt your head and set it off.  The last shall be first
This blast shall be the worst since moon left earth
This is holy scripture—you might call it a verse
Some see the imagery and trifling put in hearse
But when you try to play me, I press “Auto-Reverse”
I keep it gully.  I think déjà vu is rehearsed

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz] (x2)
Not for nothing—word to everything I love
This gully.  Doing it ‘cause that’s my what?!?
Cupid’s dead—‘nough said—no love
We out of control, off the hook, and unplugged

[Verse 3: C-Rayz Walz]
Clothesline a nigga, cut his wrist with a flyer
Washed-up rappers couldn’t be hot if they got locked in a dryer
You couldn’t rock a cypher if you were driving on a mountain with pebbles in your tire
With a stone chain around your neck, liar
The illest feeling you can’t touch.  I feel like rust
Back the day where my associated record labels don’t rush
My circus blows and burns hot.  And, plus
I’ve even given free shows on the train and the bus
To the point I disappear between blackouts and sparks
I got a MTA check for Magnetic Truth Art
So I Maxwell/max well while you behave like you too smart
Showed you a shade but your light was too dark
Some lady hating.  I look at her mind—she thinking, “He’s a crook”
Judgemental.  Eating swine, holding a Jesus book
That’s who I be—don’t even stop to look
Hate me at 7:30 for spitting.  True school ID
Wake me, heavenly whirly.  “Keepin’ It Raw”-living
My origin is the “all” in the fall and the risen
The light in the prism—Sun Cycle!

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz] (x2)
Not for nothing—word to everything I love
This gully.  Doing it ‘cause that’s my what?!?
Cupid’s dead—‘nough said—no love
We out of control, off the hook, and unplugged