C-Rayz Walz ft. Trinity - “Officially Lost”
[Emcee(s): Vordul Mega, 4th Pyramid, and C-Rayz Walz]
[Producer(s): 4th Pyramid]

[Verse 1: Vordul Mega]
In cities with lights and cameras and action
We was throwing them Dukes into Hazzards
Keep my head around ninjas and samu-
-rais, where demons and angels dwell, and the
Scent of death inhaled.  Paranoias
Of chaos and the madness of mysti-
-cisms and mayhem.  Studying the
Powers of subconscious, ground in the great
Eastern ends with my peoples that spray hems
Trying to get through on snorkels to lace Timbs
When the Hulk is loose, find a force
Running in a bubblegoose, trying to trouble you
With statements of racist.  You’re trying to stay in
Touch without families and close ones
That is real suffering in the hells of
State prisons.  I stay up, see you in the physical

[Verse 2: 4th Pyramid]
My turn.  I grab the bars and do fifty
Rap with stars like, “Who is he?”
Can’t “Spitamat” if your flow too flimsy
Trinity get dap for rap in new cities
I’ll do mine with one hand and new kicks be
In the sand with a style that flew with me
Calisthenics, I’m vegetarian, ‘cause the
Cows demand that I’m about my bidness
Get on the ground, give me twenty
Push up these standards, don’t deal with envy
Sit up straight.  You don’t need them Bentleys
But I should take one alongside with some Henny
Drink and drive, I don’t do that, leave
That for the dicks that die.  It’s just I’m
The type to get up and go, yo
I’ll spit scripts with my pen and just flow

[Verse 3: C-Rayz Walz]
Zen by
Linum, Shaolin succumb to Buddha.  No
Chips.  Just fucked-up computers.  “Spita-
-mat,” hollow the tip—blao!  Pitter pat
The beat—(No!)—or at least follow the kid
You know what it is, what it was, who took it
Kid, and where they put it is so translucent
Signs of time, they’re pissing me off.  Find
Yours ‘cause mine’s...

[Verse 4: Vordul Mega, 4th Pyramid, and C-Rayz Walz]
[Vordul Mega]
Officially lost and The Man is trying to hold
Onto everything that I’m glad for like, yo
Everything I know that’s true.  We always
Going through madness.  We do what we got to
[4th Pyramid]
C'est la vie.  A toxic Salem’s
Trees hating green, the place that you paid the
Beat
[C-Rayz Walz]
Aliens landing, graze the streets
[4th Pyramid]
Only one thing happened when they played that beat...