[Intro: Poison Pen]
What?  Haha

[Hook (Overlapped with Interlude 1): Poison Pen]
Now we came with rhymes and grooves that don't quit
When you can't hit, you can't handle it
Every word that we spit is type scandalous
Stronghold is on the mic now
Do it, do it
And, shanana
And
And, shanana

[Interlude 1 (Overlapped with Hook): Stelf Index]
Do it, do it, do it.  Uh.  I don’t think y’all ready for this.  Breez Evahflowin’!

[Verse 1: Breez Evahflowin’]
Yo, yo, they talking jive like the label
My unstable elements smack relevance to fables
Able-bodied crossbreed of elephant and cable
Unforgettable shows.  I'm fed up with those
Who should've been home instead of reciting them trifling flows
The hype and the hoes.  I'm wiping your ass with my toes
What type of the clothes you got that make you hot?
If that's pop, then Breez had better be a bastard
I master to perfection, spitting acid in your section like Alien Resurrection
Reflecting Rhymes Eternal like Kweli or a mirror
Battle anytime, anyplace, any era
Where a mic is, strike with vocal blows to overload your frontal lobe
You front, you fold styles older than English
In this, I got more back than dorsal fins
I force a win over decision, rock cuts with surgical precision
Allergic to the competition
So when you come, I come at-you!
Bless me, but don't ask me who the best be

[Hook (Overlapped with Interlude 2): Poison Pen]
Now we came with rhymes and grooves that don't quit
When you can't hit, you can't handle it
Every word that we spit is type scandalous
Stronghold is on the mic now
Do it, do it
And, shanana
And
And, shanana

[Interlude 2 (Overlapped with Hook): Stelf Index]
Uh.  Uh.  Do it  (Come on, come on), do it (Come on).  Uh, uh.  Yeah.  Molotov Cocktail.  Poison Pen!

[Verse 2: Poison Pen]
Cross my meridian, you get burnt down like Branch Davidians
Poison's committee is getting claps like chlamydia
Stage shows.  We amaze bros who always say, "Those
Young cats don't do jack," but everybody say, "Ho!"
We pray those froze-coke rap flows get hot as
Stronghold.  What?!?  Catching an L?!?  We Globetrotters
My joints projected.  Your chick's claiming, "Baby father"
I look like Dada?  Nada.  Volcanic flow's lava
On innocent joggers.  Cockblockers, watch as
We run this bitch, say she talked it for years.  Ain’t got dap from their papas
One poet like that?  Who needs you blacks?
Say I'm trash behind my back, then ask Pen to be on your track
I'm pro-black.  Got no cash—you should know that
Oh, yeah.  I was talking to The LOX.  They said want they flow back
Go back, get the Bozack
And all us, in cyphers, they record us and applaud us
No tour bus.  [?] photo
February 9, sever out the photo
I blow those out of proportion so I can get chicks to twist like contortion
"Can I borrow some dough?" is extortion
Poison rhyming so often, I feel like Dr. Seuss
But with a bubblegoose and a little more juice
What?

[Hook (Overlapped with Interlude 3): Poison Pen]
Now we came with rhymes and grooves that don't quit
When you can't hit, you can't handle it
Every word that we spit is type scandalous
Stronghold is on the mic now
Do it, do it
And, shanana
And
And, shanana

[Interlude 3 (Overlapped with Hook): Stelf Index]
Yeah.  Do it, do it, do it, do it.  Kap-er [?], Breez Evahflowin’, Poison Pen, C-Rayz Walz!

[Verse 3: C-Rayz Walz]
Because of my freestyles, I have no time to practice
I'm hanging emcees upside-down and backwards
So the fact is I'm on point like a cactus
Fuck emcees—I eat planets like Galactus
I meditate, travel galaxies, revelate
Skilled technicians are always in demand (Why?) ‘cause things break
I'm here to fix hip hop.  Peace to [?]
Big meat, three bucks.  Thanks a lot
Yo, peep the broth—it’s hot
The rhyme session—there's no time for lip perfection
Because it might provoke my sword to take your upper section
A vast emcee collection, I could pause my lair
Ears, tongues, esophagus, strands of hair
At the First Supper, I built with all poets there
The emcees with flair left the cypher with despair
I don't care.  Take the village freak to the fair
‘Cause on these wild cards, it's war out here
Responsible for every wack emcee that disappear
That's my goal.  Give me your soul as a penalty
For not coming with your lines straight like my assembly
Remember me as a logical, lyrical entity
That has mastered the art of energy
My visible's chemistry.  [?]
Hock spit on emcees to show my defiance to wackness
Kap-er, C-Rayz Walz, Poison Pen
Breez Evahflowin’.  Press rewind, hear it again (Hear it again!)
Stronghold wile!