[Intro: C-Rayz Walz and Female Speaker]
[C-Rayz Walz]
Big Mike the Terror: Number 7.  Black Static: Number 8.  Wiz: Number 6.  C-Rayz Walz: Number 5.  Breez Evahflowin’: Number 4.  Poison Pen: Number 3.  Stelf Index: Deuce [?] Kap-er.  Peoples.  L.I.F.E.: Number 1.  Life!
[Female Speaker (Overlapped with C-Rayz Walz)]
Cop C-Rayz Walz album The Prelude at Fat Beats or email us: strongholdnyc@aol-dot-com

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
I’m the secret to life—be like me, y’all
Fuck Mike.  Fuck basketball
Life ain’t a game.  You can’t shoot and score (Open)
It’s foul—the bench is next to the project walls
I’m a time crook who perform his mind jux
When I spit on the floor, you see how the rhyme looks (Ew)
The bassline don’t discriminate
So if you don't rip the track, black, I intimidate
Incinerate y’all niggas.  I hate y’all niggas
The only reason why I ate y’all niggas
Gassed up.  On point, gods deflate y’all niggas
Y’all scabs and scrubs—I’ll scrape y’all niggas
Enough with repetitive words.  I’m inventive with word
Late Night hype like David Letterman’s words
I “Can’t Stop” like Puff—it’s too much (Uh huh)
Like when drunk niggas crash they truck—it’s fucked up
The impact severe and could last a year
And make heads nervous every time they pass the beer
Like you alone in the forest with a pack of salmon (What?!?)
My demo EP was a album (What?  What?)
Over your head like elevator cables
In fetal position, you got stabbed in the navel
You thought it was a belly button.  Now tell me something
I ain’t heard before.  If you can’t, truck fuck it
You ain’t original, replicated individual
That’s why I think like a criminal and scheme
On y’all for dolo.  Don’t make me get my team
Out the dojo and interrupt practice (Oh!  Oh no!)
We will rise and cause static off your axis
Smack you backwards—you guaranteed a backflip
You’ll see Akrobatiks without The EP cover
Y’all spaced-out freaks like E.T.’s lover (You can’t)
See me, brother.  I’m... ‘cause I’m invisible
On the Lyricist Lounge tour with Invincible
My profile’s Detonate, never second-rate
You could get a free Prelude CD from hell and wait
Like Silence of the Lambs, I’ll eat your face
Whip the judge’s ass and beat the case
I drive tracks crazy, make the tape crash
Went to school with dumbbells—you ain’t in my weight class
You breakfast/break fast like food before high noon
You couldn’t drop hot shit if you was locked in Hell’s bathroom
For ten weeks, papers talk back when my pen speaks (Hi!)
Sleeping with the enemy in thin sheets
Within each line, there’s a wrinkle in time (Lie in that)
A flux parallax that’s not hard to find (Look, look)
I must be hypnotized ‘cause I’m out of my mind
Seeing pictures of clocks—just a sign of the times
So you’re a tough pussy, huh, like Stronjay?
But your religion is Fosse on Broadway (Watch, watch)
Jedi mind tricks like ninja war game
And when you see/C-Rayz blaze (Oh shit), it’s all flame
Bitch niggas get raped on mixtape eras
Chickenheads shot dead (Blao!)—see the feathers?

[Outro: C-Rayz Walz]
SH5 mixtape