C-Rayz Walz - “Peroxide”
[Emcee(s): C-Rayz Walz]
[Producer(s): DJ Sean One]
[Scratches: DJ Sean One]

[Hook: Samples with DJ Sean One Scratches and (C-Rayz Walz)]
"Y'all could play the front line.  I’ll be deep in the cut" - Sample from Nature on QB Finest - "Da Bridge 2001"
(Peroxide, killer).  "Can't leave rap alone.  The game needs me" - Sample from Jay Z - “Izzo (H.O.V.A.)"
(I’m the antidote).  "Y'all could play the front line.  I’ll be deep in the cut" - Sample from Nature on QB Finest - “Da Bridge 2001"
(Peroxide, killer).  "Can't leave rap alone.  The game needs me" - Sample from Jay Z - “Izzo (H.O.V.A.)"  (Let’s go)

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
Flow focused, born in the swarm of the horned cobras
And the scorned vultures.  My deformed sculpture
Beauty’s in the eye of the beholder
And the mic’s in the hand of the soldier, storm ultra
Perceptual extrasensory.  Now vision me
A gaseous element that burnt down your ministry
MACadocious, my rap ferocious
Living in the projects with rats and roaches
The theme’s over when you fiend for culture
But ain’t seen mean green since I steamed clean okra
I hope to leave The Underground and overdose exposure
Nearsighted—now everything seems closer
But I don’t want to be a star—I’m might supernova
Gunning these bars.  You looking for change?  Check the sofa
And I heard you doing hip hop too (Hahaha)
Too bad it’s not doing you (Aw, true)

[Hook: Samples with DJ Sean One Scratches and (C-Rayz Walz)]
"Y'all could play the front line.  I’ll be deep in the cut" - Sample from Nature on QB Finest - "Da Bridge 2001"
(Peroxide, killer).  "Can't leave rap alone.  The game needs me" - Sample from Jay Z - “Izzo (H.O.V.A.)"
(I’m the antidote).  "Y'all could play the front line.  I’ll be deep in the cut" - Sample from Nature on QB Finest - “Da Bridge 2001"
(Peroxide, killer).  "Can't leave rap alone.  The game needs me" - Sample from Jay Z - “Izzo (H.O.V.A.)"

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
I’ll get digital, hit you with an analog bomb
You not a soldier, boy—you rocking camouflage thongs
Stab you with a unicorn horn, the voice destroys
I’m a legend—you know me, boy!
You could play the front, get your tooth chipped with crowbars
I’ll be in the back like molars with Solar
Energy.  The difference between you and me:
I’m something real to feel—you just something to see
I shine behind bars like brothers in jail with jewelry
Yo, Shyne, behind these bars, peep the jewel, B
Real recognize real, so I feel bad (Uh huh)
You was holding the steel, caught the raw deal.  I’m real mad
And after observing these fool-headed dragons bragging of wealth
The only thing left to do now is battle myself
But I’m the illest emcee I seen in the world.  Only time
I’m not nice is when I’m being mean to my girl

[Hook: Samples with DJ Sean One Scratches and (C-Rayz Walz)]
"Y'all could play the front line.  I’ll be deep in the cut" - Sample from Nature on QB Finest - "Da Bridge 2001"
(Peroxide, killer).  "Can't leave rap alone.  The game needs me" - Sample from Jay Z - “Izzo (H.O.V.A.)"
(I’m the antidote).  "Y'all could play the front line.  I’ll be deep in the cut" - Sample from Nature on QB Finest - “Da Bridge 2001"
(Peroxide, killer).  "Can't leave rap alone.  The game needs me" - Sample from Jay Z - “Izzo (H.O.V.A.)"

[Verse 3: C-Rayz Walz]
Who’s the best?  Who you suggest as competition
To the composition?  All this unconscious bitching
What’s all the bullshit and bickering for?  How y’all gonna change
Hip hop to a civil war?  (Come on).  When they
Find you, pa, they find I’m raw.  And I’ll be here when y’all
Gone like sediments of dinosaurs
Those vagina whores are more like Golila
Out to zap your strength, extinguish your fire
Do the knowledge to the wisdom you’re spitting, understand the vision
Or get lost in the prism rhythm of spitting
The Limelight could turn to a sour lemon, and all good
Things come to a end—ask John Lennon
Then “Imagine” I’m N.W.A., taking it Eazy
But just like a referee, “the game needs me” (Sample from Jay Z - "Izzo (H.O.V.A.)")
Last quarter.  Your rap fame’s old
Give the diamonds to me.  I’ll change ‘em back to coal

[Hook: Samples with DJ Sean One Scratches and (C-Rayz Walz)]
"Y'all could play the front line.  I’ll be deep in the cut" - Sample from Nature on QB Finest - "Da Bridge 2001"
(Peroxide, killer).  "Can't leave rap alone.  The game needs me" - Sample from Jay Z - “Izzo (H.O.V.A.)"
(I’m the antidote).  "Y'all could play the front line.  I’ll be deep in the cut" - Sample from Nature on QB Finest - “Da Bridge 2001"
(Peroxide, killer).  "Can't leave rap alone.  The game needs me" - Sample from Jay Z - “Izzo (H.O.V.A.)"  (I’m the antidote)