[Hook: Apani B. Fly Emcee]
Attention directed.  This is our perspective
Keeping it flowing strong in a forward direction
Focus, check this original perspective
We elevate the stakes in this game

[Verse 1: Rahsheed]
The rap spectacular, R-A-H globe trailblazer
Repping in this world of fantasia
Burn for the heart-torn.  Knowledge of kings my first-born
My first song, my first KBs, my first bong
Your girl’s thong.  Bet on my tongue, my two lungs
And the two techniques the crew brung
The small-ass room where I did all I could do to come up
I love this rap shit a little too much—I’m grown up
And still rock rhymes, travel through Europe and airports
Throw the weed up in my CASS from customs on mushrooms
Lamp shades help to take fakers out frames
Guess jeans, steel and silver buckle with name
Too old-school, rock it lyrical with West Phil
DJs who complement the skill
Maylay Sparks reveals the Evidence, swore to Dilate it
Had your chance to take a stand and hesitated

[Hook: Apani B. Fly Emcee] (x2)
Attention directed.  This is our perspective
Keeping it flowing strong in a forward direction
Focus, check this original perspective
We elevate the stakes in this game

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
I’m the splash-out king—way before the cribs start collection
Thundercats and Green Lantern Ring connecting
I stay funky, but never on that shit, boo
Spit a clip-full like racist cops and hit crews
Better get a GI Joe kung fu grip, duke
I roll snake eyes on some storm shadow shit and slip through
Like an unknown blip on the rhythm’s radar
Me and Plain Pat creating strange tracks at Graybar
The four seasons—right now, I’m in sun blizzard mode
Cause breath to bend in flows, bounce fly like pigeon toes
Elevate the steaks/stakes like cows in a spaceship
Shapeshift crowds into giant lakes, dive in the matrix
At this point in the game, I’m like Jordan
‘Cause I ain’t even playing with y’all and I’m still scoring
Therefore, your whole existence ain’t important
Like mad batteries, sixteen Stronghold tapes and no Walkman

[Hook: Apani B. Fly Emcee]
Attention directed.  This is our perspective
Keeping it flowing strong in a forward direction
Focus, check this original perspective
We elevate the stakes in this game

[Verse 3: Apani B. Fly Emcee]
Rapping’s my passion, but distractions happen
Kidnap me mentally and have me missing in action
Sometimes welcome, though seldom.  Those frozen
Lapses, I held them like snapshots
Good times, felt ‘em, smiled when I had ‘em
Bad times been dealten, but I love laughing like
Almost nothing else.  Often knelt at temples where I dwelt
Ain’t been the same since a presence said, “Make your words felt”
Now we just can’t be helped.  My guiding principle is achievement of wealth
Measured in faith, health, thought like bread and wine
Will sacrifice wine, not family and friends
Give and receive gifts, write it out for scripts and scrolls
Withhold my rage and not lose control, possess silver and gold
Acres of earth with lakes to build my estate
Shall escape the fish, woe state fame creates
I’ll break the lens on a microscopic target
These lab rats is too lethargic to block my efforts
Serving no preservatives at my concerts when I kick it
My motto is “Do it,” so when it drops, you know I did it

[Hook: Apani B. Fly Emcee] (x2)
Attention directed.  This is our perspective
Keeping it flowing strong in a forward direction
Focus, check this original perspective
We elevate the stakes in this game