[Intro: C-Rayz Walz]
DJ Noise.  DJ Noise.  Exclusive.  C-Rayz Walz.  C-Rayz Walz.  C-Rayz Walz.  The Sun Cycle.  What up, Denmark?

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
I smack kids with rap tactics by the casket
Bury you backwards—you’ll be ass out, faggot
I’m cold as ice.  Hot like your moms when she page me
I’m a fire sign—how you gonna blaze C?
You look like a pussy—I should call you fuckface
You couldn’t dodge my punchlines if you had duct tape
Like drugs, all I’mma do is fuck you up
You’re shit’s not that hot, kid.  Bless you, but
I’mma give you a facelift and beat your ass
To make you walk through Brownsville with a Bill Clinton mask
But you a bullshit character in BC form
Take your eyes out, put ‘em on my porch—see what I be on
Peon, I’ve been doing this shit for eons
But money don’t change nothing, right?  Ask Dion
Cops be watching me like Blank Panthers in the neon
Locked out my house for moving keys wrong (Stupid)
You can’t catch me, so don’t test me
I’m the gingerbread MC who fled with jet skis
Let’s get free before you rock ice like Gretsky
Impress me, blaze trees on an Express D
By kicking a freestyle and catching a scratchie
The mic’s a dookie rope chain yelling, “Snatch me!  Snatch me!”
I pad Maxis, do math in bad taxis
Smash Fat Beats through my path like Mad Max feet
My style’s water—I Spring Poland.  Keep talking
I punch you in the throat.  You can’t cope—you’ll speak swollen
You got flames, you got game, but seem butt enough
To be bitch slapped by Xena
And you could cream Puff like Sean Combs’ bank accounts
But I seen enough shit in this rap to make me bounce (What?)
Reminisce of clear, crisp but hear this basic flow
I put holes in the game just to lace it, yo
A sick tool click—the whole industry screwed up
I roll with great MCs that keep a tape queued up
Boot butt, put your lights out, run in your sessions
Split blessings, steal Sharpies and whiteout
Salute to small vinyl.  Wild like bulletproof vinyl
Stronghold alliance.  The world’s full of psychos
C-Rayz Walz used to be 180.  Still get busy
This time, sixteen bars leave you dizzy
I used to rewrite hooks.  Now I just hook right
Controlling tempo like a point guard with nice looks, aight?
You ain’t prepare ‘cause this is what you scared of
I’m loud like mankind, write without the weird glove
It’s a must I drop the dookie def shit
Skeptics get wrecked with my electric effort
Energy session, total concentration with blessings
Bassline kick with powerful impact progression