C-Rayz Walz - "R'Thentic (The Beatnikz Remix)”
[Emcee(s): C-Rayz Walz]
[Producer(s): The Beatnikz (Frank Blank and Lil Jay)]
[Scratches: The Beatnikz (Frank Blank and Lil Jay)]

[Intro: C-Rayz Walz]
Cheap sex, drugs, and rock 'n’ roll
Cheap sex, drugs, and rock 'n’ roll

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
High definition of speed warp vision.  My de-
-grees open doors with keys and get locked up
Wide-angle spectrum of dangerous scenes, bank
Shots—watch robbers and cops scheme
Stand by the freezer, you're gone.  Yung Havoks in
Storm graduate to a grave—they’re even clapping your
Dorm.  Look at your hand plan, holding your cell while you
In a holding cell for direct sales, hand to hand

[Bridge 1: C-Rayz Walz]
The boys in blue are back (Where you at?)
The boys in blue are back (Now react)
The boys in blue, the boys in blue
The boys in blue are back.  And that's not
R’Thentic.  I know why I gotta stop for search
That ain't work.  It’s my “Blackout” verse, and I'm
Targeted (Ayyo, what’d you say)
(Buddy?) Never mind, man, forget/'fore I get it

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
From
Kings to pawns, plantation to White House
Lawn, drug charges come with the firearm.  Be
Warned, y'all, to the fullest.  The translation
Of what I'm saying without assing Willis.  What ha-
-ppened to scrapping?  Life became business
Snitches get stitches in front Jehovah Witness
Flux parallax, paradigm shift, pro-
-cessed piff, patience, project bliss
That's not R'Thentic like paying for water
Why impart limits?  I embark endless order
Ebony skills, son of electricity spill
The heavenly melody movement, the legacy's real
Rappers killing rappers, it's a wrap for fans.  Ball
Players jumping cats in the stands

[Bridge 2: C-Rayz Walz]
And that ain't
R'Thentic speech like arsenic leech.  To
Teach my son strictly art in his own inner
Chi.  Pause the speech of sharp lyrics 'til my art
Finishes the art in us and the R’Thentic

[Verse 3: C-Rayz Walz]
Yo, this is for
R’Thentic!  I’ll talk like arsenic
Fifty-eight shots go off with a arc in it
From the pistol, making a mark in it.  That's
A starter jacket.  Here where the start finish.  When they
Start that racket, that's when the arts blemish, and it's
Not spinach and it's not women.  They got
Green upstate (Upstate).  The D's on
The corner, but wait.  Ain't no green on the plate (Why?)
Moms don't cook no more.  She just dropped the baby
Off at the door, then took off on a White Horse
Galaxy twist, unicorn bliss
Getting appointments, missing appointments
Hitting a joint quick, sss-spit conversa-
-tions bluntly.  Conversion bubbling money and hungry
Block parties, fish, gin, and slick sinners.  Star-
-ving kids dig up your nose and pick winners
So R'Thentic, gross flows like arsenic
PPK platinum summers—stay on your pivot
And if you ain't “Spitamat,” get a gat
Before the bitter facts react, you go pitter pat

[Bridge 3: C-Rayz Walz]
Move up in life and the music, man, and you
Forget how to move with fams.  That ain't R'-
-Thentic speech like dark limits breeching the dark-
-ness, jeep beats, and smart critics.  That ain't R’-
-Thentic speech like arsenic leech.  In the dark
Thin the speech ‘til the art like, energize, and mimic me

[Verse 4: C-Rayz Walz]
Nowhere to hide.  If you old, you go
Karma knows what's God-given is death.  That's so
R’Thentic.  That ain't R'Thentic streets.  Live
R'Thentic heat, keep each beat peace.  Lounge
For a minute and breathe.  Miniature minds meet
The image trying to find me.  Move back
That ain't R'Thentically street (R’Thentic!  R’Thentic!)