[Intro: C-Rayz Walz]
C-Rayz.  Rain all day.  Make it rain

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
Don't be a biter, heifer—why?—I'm the Chupacabra
You spit flames?  So what?  I'm used to lava
Let's introduce the horror.  I'm calm as brother
Throwing stray bars and quasars to harm a fronter
That's right (Right, right) ‘cause I can't be left
And you spoiled MCs simply will never be fresh
Nevertheless, less than forever is what to expect
‘Cause your rain on the time is just a nap in the bird’s nest
Beads of sweat form like rosaries over my eyebrow
And slide down when I kill the stage in front of live crowds
To my little fans, any bigger, you'd be AC
My slang bangs like gangs who hang in front of Skate Key lately
But it don't matter—it's like we all in the dark
‘Cause of the spark, they thought you was gunshots in the park
Don't worry, mommy.  They just rapping (Damn)
He must have plans to wake up all the mummies in Manhattan

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz and (Bleedin Gumz)]
(I am trained).  Flaming rain (Flaming rain)
Raining flames (Raining flames)
(Rain forever, baby)
Raining flames (Raining flames)
Flaming rain (Flaming rain)
(Rain forever, baby)

[Verse 2: Bleedin Gumz]
My life, my life was hellified.  I done ride that road of the chosen
A few has arisen to shine bright in the night like the rainbow light of a prism
I can make the incision.  My decision is real if I should let a snitch nigga ride
Should it really be your grill?  But since I'm in your whip, that I decided to let you slide
I was tryna live cool.  But cool don't pay the bills and cool don't get my money right (Come on)
Gotta stand out on my own, puff my chest out like I'm grown and fight that righteous fight
The simple words to be a man, hey, and stay as real as you can from now ‘til the day you die
And you too will live (You too will live) to say that you can rain forever

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz and (Bleedin Gumz)]
(Fire flame).  Flaming rain (Flaming rain)
Raining flames (Raining flames)
(Rain forever, baby)
Raining flames (Raining flames)
Flaming rain (Flaming rain)
(Rain forever, baby)

[Verse 3: C-Rayz Walz]
I'm a stick up kid of the worst kind—wait
On second thought, let me go with my first mind
Before I burst 9s, rehearse rhyme and raw truth
Forget sixteens—from the eights, I show you what the fours do
I used to aim clappers if you had chains like famed rappers
But I'm a changed man now—your chain don't matter
A bag of magic, slashing the dragon with a hatchet
I kill verses on purpose—my notebook’s a casket
To be serious with you guys, I bust metafives and crush fours
Plus you don't know me from the last Vulcan you fucked raw
On instinct, the next line would be...
You stupid chickens ain't shit without my duck sauce
I scream down to the ground and cause an uproar
The reason for this?  Well, the floors reflect Walz
Install my Singular/Cingular wireless to unplug your mind
And for $9.99, you could add a line
The Angel from Anaheim build Walz in pantomime
Next time, we'll rock on the block in Palestine
I used to drink Ballantine ‘til Wu exposed the steelo
Now I'm thinking “Long Range,” like “We Live” with Ste-Lo

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz and (Bleedin Gumz)]
(My claim to fame).  Flaming rain (Flaming rain)
Raining flames (Raining flames)
(Rain forever, baby)
Raining flames (Raining flames)
Flaming rain (Flaming rain)
(Rain forever, baby)

[Outro: Bleedin Gumz]
Mmm hmm.  Mmm hmm.  Mmm hmm.  Mmm hmm
Rain forever, baby
Mmm hmm.  Mmm hmm.  Mmm hmm.  Oh oh
Rain forever, baby
Yeah, yeah.  Rain forever.  Rain forever, baby
Rain forever.  Mmm hmm