[Intro: Mazzi]
So tense.  Trying to recreate history.  Yeah (Yeah).  Record more (Record more).  Yeah.  C-Rayz in the house.  Stronghold!  The Ancients in full effect, recreate history on some next.  Snap your necks.  Taking large checks.  Yeah.  B Slim recording.  And we ‘bout to do this.  We ‘bout to do it.  Yo

[Verse 1: Paze]
Yeah, we get rugged, tough, hard like P
Try to diss mines, got scarred by me
Chi chi man [?]
The Ancients are wars drawn to form Battletron
Think the SPN aerosol with the digital read
I’ll spit the heat out on the most critical beat out
Y’all get your styles off MP3
Every backpacker named Timmy wants an MPC
Y’all ass like an anal sex queen’s best scenes
I splash with the force of an extreme wet dream
As I smother your girl with mother of pearl
I’m sick with it—I’ll leave the track covered with Earl
‘Cause I clot pesos, don’t sell yayo
Another word for cocaine is perico
That’s Spanish.  “Take that” means toma
Tú sabes mi estilo, MCs.  No me jodas
When Paze dumbs, he makes the place jump
Thinking shit’s sweet can get your face lumped
[?] these girls is awaking, they stay right on my tit, Mazz
And, at the same time, I’m thinking, “Damn”
How could a brother spit so tight, it makes virgin chicks pro-dyke?
I shine so bright.  Y’all flick like strobe lights
I take the cake, leave you with no slice
That’s why I’m banging your wife on the table with chrome pipe
Paze

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz with DJ Scratches] (x4)
Slow down, baby

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
The spitter, the splasher control the audience
Been to Motowns/mo’ towns than Berry Gordy kids
I get the inspiration from unnecessary stations
That keep playing imitation shit
You can’t flow, kid.  You’re weak and don’t shine
I speak the street ‘til I outpeep your quotes
Midget MCs with vagina meat slacks
Don’t inspire the life.  Cut your veins with a axe
Spears the lands through a glance
Get in a trance, “Shoot to Kill” like a soundboy dance
Pure entertainment despite your arrangement
I’m filthy, blaze sound with The Ancients
No more jobs.  Mazz, Paze, Walz
You and your squad better sways or get robbed
No other nation’s dumbing, mumble off acres
When I get dumb, you hear it—the spirit of paper
So take your life now.  Flow?  I dare you
My ride’s fully stolen—I ain’t trying to scare you
With crips in scripts chicken and tripping
Robbing and licking while you and your A&R kissing (Aw shit)
So just in case you wanna know if I rhyme, I don’t
Our sound’ll make the crowd go, “Woah”
Me getting dropped to stop won’t be tolerated
I rock off the top, forgetting I’m [?]
Walz

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz with DJ Scratches] (x4)
Slow down, baby

[Verse 3: Mazzi]
When I come around, homeboy, watch your honey
Leave her drained when I rain—her smile sunny
When I attack, [a prop is all laid to bone?]
Now grab your shoes and go home
Her pussy was packed from wall to wall and balls
Hit the tip of her clit and I can’t stall
Every time since then that I’m seeing her
She has flashbacks of me just creaming her
And the notions of our sex motions
Got a whore dumping the throat and short-choking
Knees get weak and curl in your feet
Used to see techniques which surpass unique
No effort.  I step with the rawness to slay
I’m off it to blaze, get a taste of the glaze
I’m on a rampage

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz with DJ Scratches] (x8)
Slow down, baby

[Bridge: Paze with DJ Scratches] (x7)
Slow down, baby

[Outro: Paze]
Heh, rampage.  Slow down, bitch-ass.  Slow down, bitch-ass.  Slow down, bitch-ass.  Slow down... (Aight, aight)