[Intro: C-Rayz Walz]
Yo, what's down?  Yo, I'm concentrating on ignoring shit.  Know'm saying?  Yo, where you just coming back from not going?  Nah, nah, for real, you know what time it's not?  Yo, hypodermically inverted.  This is my man [?]

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
I'm not new to this—I'm true to this—fuck foolishness!
The buddha mist got you pussies open like a uterus
So strange and plain like thought without the brain
Fire without the flame, mad tracks without the train
So what's the dell?  (What?)  Oh, I mean, "What's the deal?"
Or tell me how you felt—better yet, how you feel
I'm hot and cold, old—at the same time, classic
Eatin' so much hot sauce, I piss acid and burn bastards
On purpose, I invert this
Deep but still can't get past the surface
I'm worshipped—still, in all, I'm worthless
I'm so rich, I'm broke bitch—now quote this
You could be Janet Jackson or Janet Jackme
But all a ho can ask me is "What time is it daddy?"
You couldn't go One D if this was D One
See, son?  I fight evil gins—fuck Seagram (Seagram)

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz] (x2)
Rhyme doublin', Swiss account bank bubblin'
My team huddlin', spit rounds—you start coverin'
I'm for rumblin', jugglin', shine mine
Hustlin' when adrenaline going out just to get in

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
I'm surrounded by the earth cause I'm shinin' son
When I see a knife I'm like, "Yeah, aight.  Where's the gun?"
You say, "Take a walk to the store."  I start to run
Goin' straight to the top—"understand where I'm comin' from?"
I'm soon to bust—oh, I mean, "soon to burst"
Search the universe.  My verse like the black hole's outskirts
I'm so perfect—at the same time, worthless
Eyeing the prize—when I get it, will I deserve it?
Rights of passage versus knights of savage
Dark damp rusty nails with clamps to the amp
No return once you in it
Orange juice flow Maid in a Minute
Walk the head like hats in court
Blast hip hop shots like gun sport
And give 'nough thoughts to mad shit that never enter my mind
Quickly taking my time
Walking crooked in a straight line
Broke the weak links and herded through the grape vine

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz] (x2)
Rhyme doublin', Swiss account bank bubblin'
My team huddlin', spit rounds—you start coverin'
I'm for rumblin', jugglin', shine mine
Hustlin' when adrenaline going out just to get in

[Verse 3: C-Rayz Walz]
I'm the MC in the club that stole your Source magazine
Took your tip from the bar and splashed the whole scene
Visions of me fucking fat chicks on linguine
Nuttin' fast, flashed, then disappearing like a genie
Get head from a midget, juggle six smoke bombs
Under the sprinkler system in the US Pentagon
Like acid on pussy, I bubble skins
I'm attracted to sisters with big lips and double chins
Trouble ends when the pen hits the paper, then
I'm in executive fashion like masturbation in a skyscraper
My tongue spit impact with more force than gun clips
All these lame niggas in the game yellin' they run shit
Flows cross the border of combat and slaughter
So extreme, I could drown your whole team with a drop of water

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz] (x2)
Rhyme doublin', Swiss account bank bubblin'
My team huddlin', spit rounds—you start coverin'
I'm for rumblin', jugglin', shine mine
Hustlin' when adrenaline going out just to get in