Thats Right Inc. ft. Breez Evahflowin’ and C-Rayz Walz - "Ruler's Back/Ugly"
[Emcee(s): Breez Evahflowin’ and C-Rayz Walz]
[Producer(s) of Instrumental 1: Bink! (Original Instrumental from Jay-Z - "The Ruler's Back")]
[Producer(s) of Instrumental 2: Timbaland (Original Instrumental from Bubba Sparxxx - "Ugly")]

[Hook: Breez Evahflowin’ and (C-Rayz Walz)]
This is something that we don’t rehearse
(C-Rayz) rhymes second and I rhyme first
(Now this how we run it down the line)
Evahflow (rhyme first.  I’m second to rhyme)
So you could call me cuatro (and I be cinco)
Stronghold niggas, (we be doing our thing, yo)
So off we go.  (Let the Henny flow)
But hold on.  (We got another elm to blow)

[Verse 1: Breez Evahflowin’]
Let’s slip the
Sands of time—my brain’s the balance
I’ll beat you emcees.  Not a grain of talent
Who came to challenge?  Ayyo, check this out
Scene’s over.  “Cut!” like director’s mouth.  When I
Spill, no detergent’s getting this out.  I get
Real like turbans in president’s house
Collapsed your truth, embezzled your doubt
Extort your knowhow, put a hit on your clout
Anything else?  I’ll forget if forgot is getting not (What?)
You ahead/a head but it’s getting chopped
It’s all dough when the Stronghold is setting shop
Make your label like the dice, decide who getting dropped
Play the game like chicken pox—we getting spots
Catch it quicker than your weapon cocked.  Hard hands has
Got you stumbling back like new yard dancers
Any who comfy, test get two hard answers
Fifty points a piece, and extra
Credit don’t stop ‘til the boy’s deceased
Avoid the reach.  Get you, your boys’ll screech
So loud, they gon’ drown out the noisy streets
The champion.  You can’t win
Stronghold [?]
Give me fire, make me burn them
Hip hop, red stripe.  Drink ‘til we earn them (What?!?)

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
I hate corns unless it’s dinner time
I’m vegetarian but I got beef on my mind, sleep with
The nine ‘cause I don’t trust nothing that breathes
Got a magical coat with a trick up my sleeve
None of your degrees is real—y’all preaching fables
Acting like you move Keys like Alicia’s label
Besides, being thugged out is too easy
You’re like Michael Jackson—(Heee!)—only tough on TV
My honorable thoughts give you a horrible loss
When I’ll put it on your ribs like barbeque sauce
But the way I spit, I’ll make your chick love me
I’ll give your girl a Bubba ‘cause she be getting “Ugly”
If I’m getting paper, it’s ‘cause I’m ripping flavor
I’m nice around the mics/Mikes like the Wizard players
Spit a verse that deserve a replay, get on some
Humble shit like, “Yo, give it up for the DJ!”
C-Rayz rip it like no other.  My African
Fans be in the stands, yelling, “Go, brother
Go, brother.”  “Full Clip” material
On some Run DMC shit like, “Here We Go.”  They heard
The flow like, “Yo, what was you thinking?”  Leave ‘em like
A bucket of chitlins: dead and stinking
And if you don’t love us, you hate us then.  That’s why we write
Dangerous music with a safety pin/pen
Stronghold stressfest—we told you it was “Hectic”
But you’ll get played at the end of the jam like a Biggie record

[Outro: C-Rayz Walz]
Motherfuckers, respect it.  Will Tell mixing your tape up and taking your DAT.  (Screw you!).  And breaking the CD.  (SH5, SH5, Stronghold).  Will Tell, Brooklyn Ac’.  (SH5, SH5).  You heard what we said, huh?  Where Theirs A Will Theirs A Way.  Welcome to P World, kiddies.  People Army, chitties.  Stronghold, motherfuckers.  Brooklyn Ac’, motherfuckers.  Bounce.  Get up, bounce.  Bounce.  Get up, bounce.  Stronghold.  Ha!  Get up, bounce.  Stronghold!