C-Rayz Walz - “Say Werd”
[Emcee(s): C-Rayz Walz]
[Producer(s): Emile Haynie]

[Intro: C-Rayz Walz]
How arrogant is the Solar motorist?  C-Rayz Walz

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz]
Say, “Word.”  Say, “Letter”
Say, “Unite.”  Say I’m better (Come on)
Say, “Word.” (Word)  Say, “Letter”
Say, “Unite.”  Say I’m better

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
The mind-meddling flows define head and it shows you not
Fresh like a Bill Cosby sweater with holes.  Half-
-ass, you wack on a whole, quick to fold
Under pressure like women in the laundry, surrounded by clothes.  You know
A blind man will see more success than you.  Your thoughts
Boil and turn your brain vegetable.  Your
Mind stews.  You’ll simmer down, but soon
You’ll get stabbed in the dome with a spoon, you stupid souphead
What’s cooking?  Looking pretty kooky in here
Trying to be my friend and buy me beer?  Get the fuck out of here.  Don’t you
Know the challenge of my talented flows give me enough
Skills to play the piano with my toes? (Did you know?)
My symmetry is of scientifical slaughter, attacking
Your nerve endings in alphabetical order like
Before the Ice Age, I’ve been cool, playing bas-
-ketball with your girl like, “Whoo!  Watch the spin move”

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz]
Say, “Word.”  Say, “Letter”
Say, “Unite.”  Say I’m better
Say, “Word.”  Say, “Letter”
Say, “Unite.”  Say I’m better

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
No pressure.  Fresh forever, clever with the best of lines, set
To stand the test of time—all-terrain, all-weather.  My last
Raps/Wraps stacked as a mummy uniform.  The last unicorn
Writing cuneiform scribes in my human form.  I
Catch wreck like the J room, bless the door.  I’ll kill it
B.  You see my energy swarm?  You feeling C?  Say
“Word,” speak paragraph, make the average crash, driving them-
-selves crazy on a narrative path.  Circle
Circle, dot, dot.  Hip hop immune to wackness, sounds
Tight like Abercrombie & Fitch on black kids.  Half
Past the monkey’s ass, a quarter to the twenty-fives and juice
From penny candy to a Pennywise suit.  This is
It!  Disturb the lie.  You heard the vibe.  Now feel the
Truth as proof and pressure the mind
The pen and pendulum, sword and strategy
I pity the fool who would choose to battle me

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz]
Say, “Word.”  Say, “Letter”
Say, “Unite.”  Say I’m better (Come on)
Say, “Word.”  Say, “Letter”
Say, “Unite.”  Say I’m better

[Verse 3: C-Rayz Walz]
I’m the
Meaning of raw spitting—you’ve never seen glass.  You went
To SEGA Dreamcast for an audition.  Listen, the thoughts
I think could make your shrink crippled.  I can smell
Water, I’ll see the color of tickle—(Word?)—red, yellow
Purple, intellect, fiery breathe, spiritual
Rehearsal.  Physical commercial’s death.  Oh
What a tangled web we weave when you thought God
Blessed you only when you sneezed—indeed, my school’s
On the roof to upgrade my education.  Like Ramon
Scheming on tracks at the nearest station, roaming
The bling is ringing in itself, so when the ring start
Blinging, you’ll think it’s something else—then I’m felt.  The sce-
-nario: my life’s story on a popup video.  On some
Run-D.M.C. shit, yelling "Here We Go.”  And it’s
Not you, so believe it’s me, one of the
Sickest emcees since Eazy-E

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz]
Say, “Word.”  Say, “Letter”
Say, “Unite.”  Say I’m better
Say, “Word.”  Say, “Letter”
Say, “Unite.”  Say I’m better