[Hook One: Malcolm Bix] (x3)
My mother kill seal

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
Why do your bombs fall down from my sky?
Why, seal killer?  Why, motherfucker, why?
I want an answer for cancer.  The plague was AIDS
Hepatitis B, ultraviolet death rays
Insect sprays.  Bugs in your house, slugs route
Hate in your blood, fake love in your mouth
Recycle paper, burn trees, catch the vapors
Or the zap’s on low—smoke most space invaders
In a cloak and dagger, rape paradise—broken ladder
Stolen laughter, omen scatter, choke and stagger
Running like rōnins zoning.  Save your breath
The truth hurts—$7 a box—pay for death
With so much shame and anguish, it ain’t strange
Frames my language.  Painkiller skiller stretch rap famous
Between jail and ginseng, rap and rape
Keep jamming with secret shaman slamming gates
Blame the monkey, frame a junky, shame the country
Homeless bastard—I’m afraid we funky
Ignorance is the first form of comedy
The others form of slattery—negativity’s anatomy
Positively think we gotta crawl with ya songs
I’m gone—antigravity!
Lost your marbles—had to find your scruple
“Too much teachers, not enough pupils!”  My comments futile
Everything I trust in has been crushed and killed
Now I believe in dirt, disgusting filth
Ride the spice with inspire to write
‘Cause in the end, the ribs won’t describe your life (Nope)
And the chain won’t confide your wife or school your kids, right?
Hard to put jewels in your wigs
It’s nothing to put the tool to your ribs

[Hook One: Malcolm Bix] (x3)
My mother kill seal

[Hook Two: 4th Pyramid]
Seal killer.  We’re iller
Feel thriller.  Seal killer
Seal killer.  We’re iller
Real thriller.  Seal killer

[Bridge: C-Rayz Walz and Malcolm Bix]
The dream gotta go?  Then we gotta go and if the
Plants gotta go?  Then we gotta go and if the
Water gotta go?  Then we gotta go and if the
Seals gotta go?  Then you know we gotta go

[Verse 2: 4th Pyramid]
Don’t ignore this.  Pissing on portraits
With more hits, it’s morbid.  Cheers to that
Beers and rap.  Waiting for the day
The owner of Sears is black (Yes, yes)
Mere mortals fearing cats.  Governments steering traps
Who to trust?  Talk shit, you a butt
Got a gat?  You soon to bust
The lot of ya consumer sluts don’t give a fuck
Who discuss and choose the Lord?
Acting rude and stuff—you know the rudish bluff
Beat the dick, get some dough, treat the chick
Some dro leaves to lip.  Get off that fiendish shit
Breathing sick.  Recite daily, “I believe I live”
Amongst the wheels, wheels, and record deals
The dead earth squeals
‘Cause it can’t get her seals—the leopard steals
Skin to live.  Whirlwind life
Spin and give.  Pollute world, kill the kids
Skin the pigs.  Dolla dolla bill
This is it.  Pop another bottle if you feel this shit

[Hook One: Malcolm Bix] (x3)
My mother kill seal

[Hook Two: 4th Pyramid]
Seal killer.  Feel iller
Real thriller.  Kill killer
Seal killer.  Real thriller
Feel iller.  Kill killer

[Outro: C-Rayz Walz and 4th Pyramid]
[C-Rayz Walz]
Atomic.  So radioactive
When you touch me, you vomit
Atomic.  So radioactive
When you touch me, you vomit
[4th Pyramid]
Higher and dumb today
Robbing for funds—I’m crazed (Crazed, crazed)