[Intro: C-Rayz Walz]
All rebels run.  All devils hung
All rebels run.  All devils hung

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz
Persistence and patience the sword we keep
To make a long story short and your existence brief
For instance, peep my invisible stance
And hear how we make sick lines with mineral hands
If you listening, my discipline is more than a tattoo
Come face to face with the eyes of a statue
The vibe that’ll grab you and grapple, trapped in the castle
The rhythm’ll bash you, the samurai’ll slash you
More cuts like this?  They gonna send some bonds
You on point, Walz?  Yeah, I’m a ninja star
Behind a waterfall is pain rain, the science of tears
Defiantly clear.  When the tyrant appears, it’s fear
And yeah.  In the air is the aroma of death
The true victor is the soul controller of breath
Blue sister, where is red brother?
Out with yellow Rayz, getting J’s off purple haze with mother

[Hook 1: C-Rayz Walz] (x2)
The Shogun bow down to no one
Discipline’s the code ‘til the flow’s done
Sunlight empowers the flower drum
As soon as the hour comes, you’ll witness the black samurai

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
When the rice fields, the bamboo shoots
And the slice heals in the brand-new truth
The grasshopper speak to the [?]
And the snake in the grass moves to the dead leaves
To increase much sight, use the blind route
If one knows, two must find out
Now who will hide out in search of self?
And enter the mental mansions of wealth and stealth?
Well, no one knows why the caged bird sings (No)
You must live intelligently for everything
In life, you go through hell to come out right
It’s light!  Cary was born in the midst of the fright
I write, using my pen as the last katana
Clash with karma, slash your armor, snatch my honor
Now my spiritual reflect high chi energy
Consistently, the chemistry of my word wizardry is heat

[Hook 2: C-Rayz Walz]
The Shogun bow down to no one
All my rebels run.  All devils get hung
Sunlight empowers the flower drum
As soon as the hour comes, you’ll witness the black samurai
All my rebels run.  All devils get hung
Sunlight empowers the flower drum
As soon as the hour comes, you’ll witness the black samurai

[Verse 3: C-Rayz Walz]
It’s my duty to spit—the Mount Vesuvius flip
Off a cliff into a pond and I disturbed the fish
Hardly ditected—I rain in the form of a mist
Punch snakes in the face, stop the form of a hiss
Before they yang the yin, talk with slang and grin
We remain the same and then watch the chains begin
The strangest phlegm treated as a house guest
Remove your shield at the master’s request, I guess
The shells not needed for seafood
When you see fools and see through like a wise sifu
I got black hawks down to white-crane roundhouse your crown
Right where the jewels is found
Seven dojo palms, five elements strong
Cold wind, water, earth, firebomb, bomb your storms
Tigers crouch low, dragons fly high
Kihontenkini, [?]

[Hook 2: C-Rayz Walz]
The Shogun bow down to no one
All my rebels run.  All devils get hung
All my rebels run.  All devils get hung
The Shogun bow down to no one
All my rebels run.  All devils get hung
The black samurai

[Outro: C-Rayz Walz]
DJ Black Static, Stronghold Number 8.  It’s about time.  The Def Jux beast.  C-Rayz Walz, the black samurai.  Welcome to the chambers of anger, swordsmanship.  Sharp lyrics.  [?]