[Intro: Recognize Ali]
Uh, uh.  Recognize.  Uh.  C-Rayz.  Sultan Mir.  Uh.  To the gods, yo

[Verse 1: Recognize Ali]
I carry the cross and then my shoulders heavy as fuck
On my knees, I go to pray to the Lord.  Champagne for the soul
Like a boss, I pour something for the gods.  A rebel
With a cause.  I win—everyone taking a loss
Pause.  A little different if you study my ways
Soon escape this water, lock myself in the studio for days
Verses I lay leave your mind in a maze.  I’m sicker than AIDS
Fiends keep coming back like Pastor Mase
Flow’s adamance is adamant.  Eve, I’ve been rapping and
I’m hazardous.  My poetry steam, show you what’s happening
Bring down your Tower of Babel for babbling
Peace to C-Rayz.  Ask the captain who their captain is
Give me the glass.  I will see through your aura
Post it on the corner, plus your whore for a quarter
Dark as night, you like to torture.  Hold my head high
Rest in peace to the big homie from Bed Stuy

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz and Recognize Ali]
Check how we put it down.  Brother, indeed, it’s propane
Brothers got no shame when hanging with their gold chain
Recognize C-Rayz.  The bro’s so tame
This the heroine music.  Nigga, this cocaine
Check how we put it down.  Brother, indeed, it’s propane
Peel the flames, keep a heater for the cold days
Flows straight suicidal—Kurt Cobain
Where we easily accomplish business is so strange

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
I bring Mary the cross, the intersections of various force
Among the deaf, dumb, and blind, mine’s a gregarious cause
Keep thinking it’s funny.  Your hilarious thoughts’ll
Get blown out the back of your dome, so they recline on a porch
You are what you eat—the beat’s season on pork
I'm Rakim without Sprite for supports, Nasty Nas
Sincere in Belly with an African corpse
Speaking bluntly, raise blades, a torturous talk (What?)
Immaculate spores fall.  I help the seeds to explore
Gregory Hines flips, kicks is tapping your jaw
Was that dope? Every line quote is drug-trafficking raw
I wrote this on the train, another track in New York
The Most High benevolent breeze out my wingspan
Politick with “Degrees” when the beats blend
So strange, you could see cats and dogs in the rain
Arm, leg, a leg, a arm, universal head I’m maintaining
What I’m saying:

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz and Recognize Ali]
Check how we put it down.  Brother, indeed, it’s propane
Brothers got no shame when hanging with their gold chain
Recognize C-Rayz.  The bro’s so tame
This the heroine music.  Nigga, this cocaine
Check how we put it down.  Brother, indeed, it’s propane
Peel the flames, keep a heater for the cold days
Flows straight suicidal—Kurt Cobain
Where we easily accomplish business is so strange