[Intro: C-Rayz Walz]
Man, spit hard or don’t spit at all, man.  I ain’t come in no office to waste...

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
Spit hardballs—I ate the jail cell
A hot boy for real.  What the deal?  I made hell (Whoo!)
To come out right and dumb out like
“Yo!  I get my day together, man, after I break night”
I break records (What?)—mostly wack vinyl
I’m a Bad Boy, but don’t let my Shyne blind you
I bling like cash registers in microwaves
This beat got me flipping like Psycho Rayz
But see, Walz is still the name I claim (Uh huh)
I spit so nasty, I could actually stain my fame
And it won’t come out like white pants with grass stains
Blast brains out the side of your frame at close range
I want change, treble, and bass
To the point my impact might crack a track and level the place
All devils gets chased ‘til I catch a case
Like a UPS worker with a box in your face

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz]
Spit hard!  (Spit hard!), keep rocking the mic
Spit hard!  (Yeah!)
Spit hard!  (Yeah!), keep rocking the mic
Spit hard!  Bitch, no ho’s bars
Spit hard!  (Spit hard!), keep rocking the mic
Spit hard!  (Yeah!)

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
What's a hot verse without a fire chorus?
I’ll knock you out, then punch you in the Eye of Horus
This is human gat rap—I clap, off safety
Too much games out right now for you to play me
Spit it off the top like sunroofs with a Uzi out
And bubble in the place to be like Jacuzzi house
Horrible like Hägar, Hawkmen in the hood
Fly nigga.  I wish you would and could touch mine
That’s my dick.  Don’t clutch mines
I’ve been spitting rhymes since Monroe High School lunchtimes
Smoking L’s in stairways.  My rhymes is hearsay
You stupid critic.  When I spit it, you hear what I say
Politic with smart niggas on dumb blocks
The place where basslines sound like gunshots
When the cops come, the fun stops (Chill)
When I spit heat, you see sunspots and get burned without sunblock
You come/cum watch like sperm on your clock
But you should work for my knuckles and start earning a knot

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz] (x2)
Spit hard!  (Spit hard!), keep rocking the mic
Spit hard!  (Yeah!)
Spit hard!  (Spit hard!), keep rocking the mic
Spit hard!  Bitch, no ho’s bars

[Verse 3: C-Rayz Walz]
Steel cage match, 12-gauge rap
If you feel Rayz’ clap/Rayz, clap—what a powerful impact
In the zone, smoking bones alone with “Bones” Malone
Cutting spades the same way I scraped your dome
Bases loaded—right here’s where I take it home
Your face exploded from being laced with a basic poem (Oh shit)
(Spit hard!) Like I’m chewing a stone
Into a glass pipe (Yeah!)—still rocking a mic
Dropping it like a shot—you get wobbly, wobbly
Like crooked cops on block who try to follow me
Nothing I splash is weak.  I speak like a flash of the acid leak
Slave to the rhythm and give ‘em a masterpiece (Voilà)
Doomsday dialect dominate dialogue
Change your dull college dorm to a dancehall (Dope)
No heroin, crack, X, liquor, and weed
I’m Brand Nubian (What?)—I “Slow Down” to catch speed
I slap MCs who don’t spit hard like C
And the front row is beef—prepare to catch teeth

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz] (x2)
Spit hard!  (Spit hard!), keep rocking the mic
Spit hard!  (Yeah!)
Spit hard!  (Spit hard!), keep rocking the mic
Spit hard!  Bitch, no ho’s bars

[Bridge: C-Rayz Walz] (x8)
Spit hard!

[Outro: C-Rayz Walz]
What?  Still rocking