[Intro: C-Rayz Walz]
Player, stop playing.  Player, stop playing.  Yo

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
This is SportsVille, thoughts kill just like Ds
I read, study lessons, build my “Degrees”
Walk with athletic, I become aesthetic
My flows put egos on the injured list
Catch an assist to the medics when I set it
Yo, I “Make It Happen”—nobody let it
Motivated by critics and skeptics
And still bubble my stat on the low in tanks of septic
Triple-double bond to myself, power forward
Drop steps, slap backboards, leave rims swollen
Elbows fall on your face like Hulk Hogan
Half-court trap.  Now you stuck—where you going?
Getting off the train like (Boom boom), controlling y’all
Closing doors, envision myself as a bowling ball
The peoples are pins—I strike to get out
But they too gutter to fall in—no doubt

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz]
This is SportsVille, thoughts kill just like Ds
Surrounded by players, this MC referee
Whether you above the rim or beneath the gutter
This is the game of life—you’ll soon discover

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
Dressed up—foreign uniform.  It’s steel through your peephole
Slam dunking tracks for nothing—call it a free throw
Team Cactus.  Selfish actions make you warm the bitch
Ball ‘til you fall, prepare for the tournament
I drop fluids like water boys for soul quenching
Thinking “Long Range,” always goaltending
Sending you back to the locker with your season slow-ending
My co-defenders are so relentless
Full-court pressure.  My opponents lie swollen
Whose thought lesser.  Triangle offense—wide-open
Behold the pyramid.  The hole—there it is
Explode like strange science experiments
One-on-one.  Cheat, you a dead man
A bubblegum explosive placed in your headband
Detonated by a button in my wristband
Think that’s ill?  Chill.  Just wait ‘til I switch hands

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz] (x2)
This is SportsVille, thoughts kill just like Ds
Surrounded by players, this MC referee
Whether you above the rim or beneath the gutter
This is the game of life—you’ll soon discover

[Verse 3: C-Rayz Walz]
Time out!  Let’s huddle, get the cypher correct
And find out why vets struggling, fight for a check
To intercept your intellect, first down: some respect
In life, bang in the paint like it’s three seconds left
Understand the scoreboard, don’t beef with the rep
When traveling, watch you feet, peep step
Hair-salon-style—pass the tracks, bubble weekly
And my cuts keep Barbers running back like Tiki (What he say?)
Instant replay in slow motion
Rocking a New Jersey like Hoboken
Do the knowledge to those who suppose checking your style
Won’t lead to a technical foul is hectic and wild
Both sneakers tied together—I feel y’all tripping
Illegal defense—now here’s the tip-in
This is the bright highlight.  Freeze the frame
And look at the Wizards—true players never leave the game

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz] (x2)
This is SportsVille, thoughts kill just like Ds
Surrounded by players, this MC referee
Whether you above the rim or beneath the gutter
This is the game of life—you’ll soon discover