[Intro: Poison Pen]
Yo, S-T-R-O-N-G-H-O-L-D: Stronghold!  The niggas you was waiting for.  Poison Pen, what?

[Verse 1: Poison Pen]
I’m on some in-your-face shit.  Stronghold type that made Mase quit
You dying from asphyxiations—part of my rap gang initiation
When you rhyme, you get laughed at like security guards with no gats
[?] or Prozac
Don’t make me dust off my trench coat, chase you
Now you’s a running joke.  Poison Pen’s pens wanting to grade you
Won’t even call you by your rhyme name
Blood pumps my Bed Stuy veins.  “Dirt” my name
You don’t know what you’re starting

[Verse 2: Breez Evahflowin’]
You a bitch like Dolly Parton—your flow got tits
Daddy Breez put the smack down, call it a “pop hit”
I’m not sick?  Shit, Evahflowin’ get toxic
Snatch up your knot quick like Manchu Chicken and chopsticks
I’ll build like shopsmiths.  I got this
Custom-made mic with a sight and a Glock grip
I’ll blast emcees I don’t rock with.  I shock with
Ten-thousand-volt jolts to knock out your optics

[Verse 3: L.I.F.E. Long]
Got an arsenal of hot spit that sizzles faces when I “Hok 2”
At opponents continuously on the globe.  Even after
The birth of the end, I’ll still be existing, skeleton and all
Clutching my mic, blinding eyes with Rayz when they C-Walz
Play catch games like you caught hand-on-balls
At the same time, spin it like MJ: off the walls on tour
Resist the [?].  When I pull out and retaliate
With a reverse blast of ninety-one peels

[Verse 4: C-Rayz Walz]
I hate dumb niggas like I hate ho bitches
I build with Moe Greene.  I don’t fuck with mo’ riches
‘Cause broke niggas make no cents/sense, fronting like
They willies, they silly, they brain is dense
Fix your durag, you fag.  You too thin
These celery chumps couldn’t slapbox to win
Nine out of ten, you that rap nigga that’s garbage
I smoke cannabis and get hype on some calm shit

[Verse 5: Stelf Index]
I’ll pull a gun to survive.  I’m not a thug—I’m a survivalist
Brick Fist in your face, hit as Stelf Index, Kap-er Patterson
Been ill since the essence to adol-escence
Feel my presence like 12:21
Index make you leapfrog-jump—death by temptation
Sheer depth by exaggeration.  My melanin attracts estrogen
Stronghold: five fingers, one mind
When we combine, send chills up your spine like Columbine students

[Verse 6: Breez Evahflowin’]
I’m just conversing with your person.  This is just a conversation
My mind remain refined like a Stronghold demonstration
Fuck hellish temptation.  I’m on some L integration
To smoke most while I beat niggas up with our logos
To leave both coast in doubt from a lyrical bout
The back page what I’m talking about.  Fuck it
Bring it.  You suck when you swing it.  I ain’t killed your style
I just winged it.  It’s better that you live with defeat/the feet

[Verse 7: C-Rayz Walz]
In heat, we blast back, splash tracks, run on water
My New World Order: Buckshots like Terry Porter
Blaze trails.  You way frail like Puffy in jail
Y’all drink bubbly in hell.  I’ll prevail and inhale
Circle the globe, impose like the son of Jor-El
Contact the Most High before your eyes get the smell
Your head swells.  Thoughts get heavy like barbells
C-Rayz born to blaze—in my presence, you Carvels

[Verse 8: Stelf Index]
My metaphors surpass metafives, no Jive
Like A Tribe Called Quest, you understand?  Don’t get depressed
Request the repress, depress “Play”
Buy Eddie Ill & D.L. tapes for your family
Challengers better try to play another hand
Niggas can’t kamikaze right—they’d probably just land
You could smoke trees in a space shuttle and still never reach
My higher level.  You got a million miles to go

[Verse 9: Poison Pen]
I stop your flow like a demented dam.  We don’t form cyphers
We form pentagrams—five cats from different parts of the land
With time, we’ll reveal it.  Bed Stuy, NY
We’ll try your shit the fuck on before we steal it
Poison Poison Pen Pen my name [?]
So don’t ever get it twisted.  Word up
I’ll fuck your shorty like a conjugal visit.  Poison Pen’ll
Fuck her bum.  I’m colorful just like a prison
Feel it

[Verse 10: L.I.F.E. Long]
Ring the bells for the last round.  Coming up: the repercussion
I’m snuffing crews out like sandbags over fires
[?] leave you with an acquired taste, so don’t swallow well
When I rhyme, cats pull out nets just to catch some jew-els
That tribe like a diamond-filled jackpot
Pull my lever and catch it from my million-dollar flow.  Forget burn
I’ll take it to hole and blaze like Evahflow, forever piercing lobes
When I plug your headphones into a megaphone and yell
“Stronghold!”  Ayyo

[Outro: Poison Pen and (Stelf Index)]
(S-T)-R-O-(N-G)-H-O-(L-D): Stronghold!