[Intro: Pumpkinhead]
Yeah.  Word

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
I’m living in a sick city where chicks got six titties
Bitch niggas ice-grill me ‘til they get dizzy
And worker bees never get busy.  For really
And if you see me with a girl on the run, she’s Kizzy
‘Cause I’m Kunta.  You see Kinte cloth, then I shoot ya
I want freedom.  Fuck a Lex—I’m not Luther
Vandross.  Smoothly cleaning my hand toast
Roast intruders to my culture.  Don’t even stand close
Troopers panicking.  I Skywalk on beats like Anakin
Basslines bang.  Your brain begs for Anacin
No gambling—it’s a sure thing.  C-Rayz and the mandarin
We go together like success and business handling
Don’t call me “homeboy”—I live in the street
I want the whole thing (What?), so don’t say, “Peace/Piece”
I’m universal like stargazing Jedi orphans
Busting guns at phonebooths now—I’ll be shot-calling
Beats got me chasing the pen, facing the end
As I begin, making the right plays to win (Win)

[Bridge 1: C-Rayz Walz]
While the force get perpetrated
The original rise to surface again and win

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz] (x2)
That’s that bullshit (We the tissues).  This the game?  (We officials)
Time out.  Blow the whistle, blow shows apart with you
Studied the craft—now it’s chiseled
Shared the same stage, blazed the same page, blazed the same issue

[Verse 2: Pumpkinhead]
I’m on Cloud Nine—it’s hard for you to reach me
You on the ground floor—stepping up ain’t that easy
Me and C-Rayz Walz don’t sign peace treaties
It’s war (War!).  Put your metaphors aside
If we don’t smile at you, run inside and hide
I get inside a beat, step back on a track
And rewind your feet.  I’m making you swallow your eyes
Now my shine blinds your team.  Niggas done starved on streets
Tearing apart the weak, we triumph and flow
Like fire hydrants, New York Giants
Two-pieced your jaw like Kobe Bryant
Basically, through the science to this alliance
We tyrants, underground Vikings
Tight like shorts for biking.  We like lighting
Don’t want to get hit?  Rock a rubber snorkel
I’ll cut you off at the torso.  Now you look like Orko
We a two-course meal.  You a morsel
Strong, O.B.S., Lyricist Lounge.  Forever we immortal

[Bridge 2: C-Rayz Walz]
Holding it down, elevating our crown
You seen us paying dues all around town

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz]
And that’s that bullshit (We the tissues).  So this the game?  (We officials)
Time out.  Blow the whistle, blow shows apart with you
Studied the craft—now it’s chiseled
Shared the same stage, blazed the same page, blazed the same issue
That’s that bullshit (We the tissues).  So this the game?  (We officials)
Time out.  Blow the whistle, blow shows apart with you
Studied the craft—now it’s chiseled
Shared the same stage, blazed the same page, blazed the same issue