[Verse 1: Breez Evahflowin’]
Yo, we got “On the Mic” and ain’t get off since ‘98
Put it down ‘cause there wasn’t no time to waste
Took the crown up in multiple rhyme debates
Bakery-hot flow focused on signs and cake
Combined vocals of force at a time
When riding dick or underground was how brothers got lost
The hand of the fam was the plan and the mission
Stronghold the land through the brand recognition
I thought about the image when we first began spitting
Black Power fist mixed with Ben Grimm's mittens
Mic-gripping with fortifications
To ward off any and all thoughts of invasion
I’m part of a nation.  Individual campaigns
Short of amazing.  Make my squad a sensation
My fam got a grip for fly jams
Advance on France.  Still, we big like, “I am!”

[Hook 1: Breez Evahflowin’]
Brick by brick, stone by stone.  Still keep
Keeping it on.  Hell no, we won’t leave it alone
Laid back, sitting deep in a throne.  Like the track
Got me deep in a zone.  Now let me tell you ‘bout the

[Hook 2: Poison Pen] (x2)
Strongholder rock.  All y’all drop
‘Cause y’all not soldiers

[Verse 2: Poison Pen]
Yo, any cypher in the hood, you probably see ‘em
From open mics to mom and pops to a coliseum
And everything in between.  “Top of the Food Chain”
“Whodaf**kareyou” to “Between Dah Seams”
If it’s New York, it’s Stronghold.  If you ain’t us
You ain’t shit.  Keep running your mouth
You could monkey-walk in, dog.  Guaranteed you’re getting
Fireman-carried out.  I say that
With the confidence of a card shark.  In a knuckle game (On top)
Of my hustle game, (On top) of my love for slang
I ain’t scuffed my knees to get here
Just years, scars, and tears, hard liquor and beer
Hood emcee battles turn to boxing matches
Ambidextrous, we got this mastered.  Stronghold!
We got flows in surplus
We beat your face into burgers.  We back our words up

[Hook 1: Breez Evahflowin’]
Brick by brick, stone by stone.  Still keep
Keeping it on.  Hell no, we won’t leave it alone
Laid back, sitting deep in a throne.  Like the track
Got me deep in a zone.  Now let me tell you ‘bout

[Hook 2: Poison Pen] (x2)
Strongholder rock.  All y’all drop
‘Cause y’all not soldiers

[Verse 3: C-Rayz Walz]
Kill critics with the bricks and the LINAPS—that’s how my fist rocket/rock it
Go ‘head.  Say something, exercise your dick pocket
My clique’s hot, control your stereos
Full circle—now I’m a bowl of Cheerios
And we’ve been getting busy, ock, before 50 dropped
Grinding hard lock Conan in a titty spot
Keep your Ditty Bop, boy.  It don’t make you bad
It just makes me mad enough to kill butterflies humming in your abdomen
Destined to win, took the best man crown, then
Flooded the market and shut wetlands down
Live in video, live on stage, we kick your ass
On some Shanté shit, Roxanne your staff
Sting your face, birthmark your eyebrow with the red light
Leave you out of mind, out of sight
I know you got your SisQó skills up, exposed your thongs
‘Cause y’all ass and can’t go song for song
“On the Mic,” we the Strongest shit out (Hold that)
Don’t tempt us to kill y’all and put more hits out
Like, catch a cab, don’t wait for the bus
My gun’s patient—you could wait for the bust (Blao)

[Hook 1: Breez Evahflowin’]
Brick by brick, stone by stone.  Still keep
Keeping it on.  Hell no, we won’t leave it alone
Laid back, sitting deep in a throne.  Like the track
Got me deep in a zone.  Now let me tell you ‘bout

[Hook 2: Poison Pen] (x2)
Strongholder rock.  All y’all drop
‘Cause y’all not soldiers