[Intro: Gino Green and (C-Rayz Walz)]
(He’s feeling that shit, you know).  Can’t do it

[Hook: Gino Green]
We deal in the now
Gotta make a contribution to the Dow
‘Cause we deal in the now (Big-boy style)
We deal in the now
Gotta make a contribution to the Dow
‘Cause we deal in the now
Big-boy style!
Big-boy style!
Big-boy style!

[Verse 1: Gino Green]
Slow shit, savor the taste
One line create a image
[?] the vision, I raise women.  Green Regime
Don’t need no market scheme or sales pitching
We hold three stages of rage plus conviction
M.G.-copywritten inscription, esoteric diction
We done come up like heat
When Mr. Peddling, Mr. [?] come out, you getting friction
The flow is quenching mental nutrition
But they ain’t checking ya if you ain’t secular
So get the blindfold and the gat
With them trees and the keys to the ’97 drag
With the [drop rack?], brothers need the pin numbers
My cousins want the cosmographs
[?] [feel now owe me back?]
The Colt to the ADT so we can see
With the understanding there’s no justice when you violate estate property
That’s when it’s done sloppily
Don’t stop—nothing changed
Get them rings and chains, bonds in baccarat
Don’t worry ‘bout C-Rayz Walz getting on top of ya, rocking ya
Enjoy.  Nah’mean?
You dealing with big boys who hit you with fat stacks and keloids

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
Never far apart like distant cousins.  Twisting what you guzzling
Here and now, get exiled for bugging
Wise words quench men, intense the condition
Who want to hang like lynching stuck in my dimension?
Brutal with Babylon, base get brains bent
Beyond benevolent intent, the most beneficent
(C-Rayz Walz) The epidemic spreads—half-dead, you spectate
I yell, “Checkmate,” and crack bones in your chestplate
Still shake earthquakes, meditate for millenniums
Platinum product work every time like Billy D and them
My indigenous flow present my craft
Arrogant bastard, I get hype off math (Off math)
My English class straight deal with etymologies
Swift and changeable psychologies
Castrate colonies, in-the-now philosophy
I deal in it constantly, constantly, constantly...

[Hook: Gino Green]
We deal in the now
Gotta make a contribution to the Dow
‘Cause we deal in the now
We deal in the now
Gotta make a contribution to the Dow
‘Cause we deal in the now
Big-boy style!