C-Rayz Walz ft. 4th Pyramid - “The Rhyme Intervention (The Beatnikz Remix)”
[Emcee(s): 4th Pyramid and C-Rayz Walz]
[Producer(s): The Beatnikz (Frank Blank and Lil Jay)]

[Hook: 4th Pyramid and C-Rayz Walz]
If I’m
A rookie in the game, then you hardly a vet.  You can’t
Harm me.  I’m like Gandhi, minus army [?]—meaning:
If there’s no wrong, my party with Schweppes, believing
The soul drum’s most y’all hardly have met.  Dealing
Harshly with self, could calmly forget
About my real purpose
The flame that’s bright, it ain’t the same as light, so be
Safe, my man.  Don’t replace the plan

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
My redemption was temptation’s slave
The ones on the island were castaways
As I give birth, I also plan the burial
Don’t get mad if I scare you.  Hmm
I inhale the globe as I release my jewels
The cypher rotates like a whirl pools.  A Never-
-Ending story.  Now observe the truth as I
Slay the beast like Atreyu
I gave you a body to house your soul.  Now I
Must take it.  You did not love the scrolls
Behold: realism has no proof, for you must
Die in order to live like I do
Hypnotism was a hellified theme
Symbolism was the sadistic scheme
I used any means necessary ‘cause I had
A dream to bury all the devils in a hurry
Almost fell asleep but my eyes wouldn’t close
Blind, I was dumb ‘cause my mouth was sewn
Shut.  I couldn’t hear, but my ears were stuck
With ignorance.  Couldn’t walk—I grabbed the crutches
Out of place, space, and time
Then the wind came and stole my rhyme
Inside the pain, my thoughts was in shambles
My brain, like eggs, became scrambled
The world is bogus.  I’ll stick to my snout like
Snot, knocking doubles out the jukebox.  Now
I don’t live art so I could hang out in clubs.  I came
To spark my nation like a lightbulb ‘cause
It’s bugged how I light the bright, so stay strong.  Motion
Killed the order and chaos was born.  Had
To take off the demon’s head to be righteous
Still, not in the physical, his thoughts were killed
Seven hundred ways to live, so I had it
Seven million that got stuck like a addict
Dwelling in the temple of righteousness, my
Mental’s defense—you can’t climb it

[Hook: 4th Pyramid and C-Rayz Walz]
If I’m
A rookie in the game, then you hardly a vet.  You can’t
Harm me.  I’m like Gandhi, minus army [?]—meaning:
If there’s no wrong, my party with Schweppes, believing
The soul drum’s most y’all hardly have met.  Dealing
Harshly with self, could calmly forget
About my real purpose
The flame that’s bright, it ain’t the same as light, so be
Safe, my man.  Don’t replace the plan