[Intro: Sample from C-Rayz Walz’s “Message from ‘P’”]
[Prodigy (of Mobb Deep)]
Yeah, yeah.  You know’m saying?  It’s real, son.  For real, dun.  We gon’ put y’all niggas on one time, son.  Think it’s not real?  Word up, better watch yourself, dun.  Yo...

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
I will start flipping like a refugee in Guatemala
The clock strikes 10?  They want the niggas in la casa
A New World slaughter.  Last quarter out of order
Forget get the gun, son—you filled with lead drinking tap water
Abstain from TV—your brain’s the main episode
Keep your vein close so you can roam and go
Remote control telephones, TVs that watch you
Body Snatchers out on patrol—don’t let it shock you
Demonic things flipping in the street like Robocop 2
Crazy Walz running, yelling, “Power to the people!”
I once revealed the truth, unveiled the hidden script
Destination: Earth—aliens making a pilgrimage
Melanin Mecca—know the code to your sector
Promiscuous Rebecca let Dr. Giggles inject her
The effect: she won’t give forth existence for six years
Keep swimming in Cape Fear but never get scared
No matter who you are, be prepared like Scar in these Pride Lands
Thinking He-Man with that Glock in hand
‘Cause when shit hit the fan, I ran to Afghanistan
Came back with ill bazookas, twelve grenades per man
In our DRCP, motorcycles and vans
Battle plans expand with my fam from Japan
For my kikos, cuzzos, sons, and duns
Busting both my guns ‘til my arms get numb

[Hook: Samples] (x2)
“Yo, there’s a war going on outside no man is safe from
You could run but you can’t hide” - Prodigy on Mobb Deep's "Survival of the Fittest"
“I said before, ‘This is a war, not a play fight’” - M-1 on dead prez’s “Food, Clothes, and Shelter”
“But what about the brave with their guns?” - Gino Green on The Green Regime's "The Mint"

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
Alligator shoes.  I’ll “Sing the Blues” like Billie
Stupid Holidays got my nation acting silly
Cracking phillies.  The question: is it really safe?
The answer: hell no, when seven-year-old girls get raped
Beyond the gaze, the pinstriped face of a inmate
Ways to regulate what they relate to.  I hate you!
In a thunderous pain of the self-inflicted wound
Maintain when niggas hot like June, July, and August
On some bullshit like a tourist
The Chicago White Sox turn black from rigor mortis
In the dirty battlefield, you get soiled when cats peel
It ain’t S-A-F-E, so what real?
Even hard rock is goth.  Your credit card is the beast
So I release to get the graveyard grief
Off my chest and put your soul to rest
I suggest (What?  What?) you get ready for the worst and strive for the best.  Yes!
Nothing to stress when death is among you
Attack of the big bucks.  Hornets sprung you
(Lyme) Lyme disease through trees, bees, and bushes
Chump got no love—when he comes, pushes
Become the spiritual avalanches
Your feet hurt from The Devil’s dances
Crimson Tide—I ride apocalyptic’s
Thoughts—why you think my scripture’s cryptic?
I was inflicted with physical sickness
But mental stamina made me relentless
Protect that dome.  Let ‘em in?  I’ll damned if I
“Mother’s Messenger”—my name would have been Malachi
The life crisis is much more than cash
I tell you like this: don’t forget your gas mask!
For my kikos, cuzzos, sons, and duns
Busting both my guns ‘til my arms get numb

[Hook: Samples] (x2)
“Yo, there’s a war going on outside no man is safe from
You could run but you can’t hide” - Prodigy on Mobb Deep's "Survival of the Fittest"
“I said before, ‘This is a war, not a play fight’” - M-1 on dead prez’s “Food, Clothes, and Shelter”
“But what about the brave with their guns?” - Gino Green on The Green Regime's "The Mint"

[Bridge: C-Rayz Walz]
Brave son, use your two eyes plus your third one
Observe, dun, and gather facts on the run
Even a old nun called the cane a battle ax
Camouflage Cadillacs when I counterattack

[Hook: Samples] (x2)
“Yo, there’s a war going on outside no man is safe from
You could run but you can’t hide” - Prodigy on Mobb Deep's "Survival of the Fittest"
“I said before, ‘This is a war, not a play fight’” - M-1 on dead prez’s “Food, Clothes, and Shelter”
“But what about the brave with their guns?” - Gino Green on The Green Regime's "The Mint"