[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
If you John Blaze, I Inferno like Dante
Blow you out the park like a San Diego Padre
You don't belong in New York
You gun talk walk but don't enlist in the War Report
See cops on my block kill blacks constantly so
Keeping a gat's an unconscious part of me
Psychologically, I hold a concept grudge
So I’ll Organize Konfusion and drown you in El Fudge Pudge
We in Hell yelling, "Heaven help us!"
Funk that.  The relentless flush of my adrenaline rush
Makes my face blush like I'm light-skinned
Frightening like lightening striking the same position
I’ll get stressed, kill, destroy your whole fam
Without an M-16, but a mic and a stand
For them heads talking 'bout they got spots Glock-hot?
When you got locked, you got raped by gay cops
Word worship.  Vision me as the verb merchant
Babylon beat urchin.  Syllables slugs flow like rugs Persian
Ridden by Aladdin.  Bugs bug Manhattan
I distribute like buds from bronze mud to moons of Saturn
Dispatching from a spacecraft, Island/I land like Staten

[Hook: Samples with Scratches] (x2)
"I'll experiment like a scientist" - Sample from Rakim on Eric B. & Rakim’s “Follow the Leader”
"Microphone specialist" - Sample from Jean Grae on Apani B-Fly Emcee’s “Estragen”
"I'll experiment like a scientist" - Sample from Rakim on Eric B. & Rakim’s “Follow the Leader”
"'Cause I've mastered this" - Sample from Rakim on Eric B. & Rakim’s “Follow the Leader”

[Verse 2: Apani B Fly]
Niggas be holding their dicks like gats with no clips
Acting as if they 'bout to bust.  Weak promises disintegrate to dust
Word to God, trust the odds, soloist who roll
Like a squad of the hardest thugs.  My tape is your brain on drugs
You scrub the middle plug ‘cause they be in clubs
Lip syncing to my dub plates.  The soul controller stimulate ya
Like a Motorola on vibrate.  I'm great on or off beat
Unique mix of street and intellect, eject proverbs
From the kisser like my tongue had a button with hair trigger
Nigga, what you looking at?  Listen up and shut your freaking yap
While grown folks rap.  Elemental styles bridging the gap
Between commercial crap and underworld versatile
Emcees be on the bra strap giving me dap, but fuck reptiles
Top of the pile.  Wild techniques, sound clash meets tough love
Despite pleas, caught 'em in a bear squeeze
Bend 'em over 90 degrees, take what I need
Throw 'em off a trapeze and breeze

[Hook: Samples with Scratches] (x2)
"I'll experiment like a scientist" - Sample from Rakim on Eric B. & Rakim’s “Follow the Leader”
"Microphone specialist" - Sample from Jean Grae on Apani B-Fly Emcee’s “Estragen”
"I'll experiment like a scientist" - Sample from Rakim on Eric B. & Rakim’s “Follow the Leader”
"'Cause I've mastered this" - Sample from Rakim on Eric B. & Rakim’s “Follow the Leader”

[Verse 3: Rahsheed AKA Maylay Sparks]
The rebel sequestered another endeavor beyond measure
If they want it, whatever your pleasure, I'll hold it together
I'm the One Love Foundation, the Don Gagga
Move awesome.  Rap Steve Austin who’s often
In the cross when the fake grin, see me as live bait
Swimming with shark fins and fake friends, no wins
Women and men with four limbs commit sins
To rock chrome rims and rock gems
I'm all-state, off-the-Richter-Scale earthquake
Move false slate, grinding your waist to rap breaks
My voice shakes.  Tweeters are serving Vegas at navigators
Fast TECs, I'll put scratch to trap faders
I'm Rahsheed, ninety keys, a combo of weed
I'm thick tree.  Fall to your knees and proceed
Take a back seat.  The ill-ass beat off PA’s street
Cop a sweet and roll a bamboo leaf for rhyme sheets

[Hook: Samples with Scratches] (x4)
"I'll experiment like a scientist" - Sample from Rakim on Eric B. & Rakim’s “Follow the Leader”
"Microphone specialist" - Sample from Jean Grae on Apani B-Fly Emcee’s “Estragen”
"I'll experiment like a scientist" - Sample from Rakim on Eric B. & Rakim’s “Follow the Leader”
"'Cause I've mastered this" - Sample from Rakim on Eric B. & Rakim’s “Follow the Leader”

[Outro: Samples with Scratches] (x4)
"I'll experiment like a scientist" - Sample from Rakim on Eric B. & Rakim’s “Follow the Leader”