S.O.U.L. Purpose ft. C-Rayz Walz - “The Last Cypher”
[Produced by King Koncepts and Zvi Edelman]

[Intro: Mazzi and King Koncepts]
Mazzi: So this is what it comes down to, huh?
King Koncepts: Word, word, this is it
Mazzi: This is the end
King Koncepts: Yo, so this the last cyph?
Mazzi: Mother don’t know son, father don’t know daughter
King Koncepts: Yo
Mazzi: It’s just you in the making now
King Koncepts: Better go for yours
Mazzi: You know’m saying?
King Koncepts: Word.  Kick that shit, man
Mazzi: Yeah

[Verse 1: Mazzi]
God damn it.  I left before my time on this planet
But who am I to stay with seeds if it already planted?
Handed ass whoopings, tagged-looking Israeli caught, barely fought
Battles that I didn’t have ta in any chapter
Of my living, taking, giving now and here after
The moment has arrived but I wish that I could do more regret
Fornicate in all those times and hump in few whores
Wish I didn’t kick it with the wicked knees—lost detrimental
In the long song of life, everything’s instrumental
I played the role, played my part, played myself, played with heart
Outcome might be critical, shaky, or unpredictable
Sometimes, I re-up logic.  Through other times, Neolithical
Nowhere remotely close to perfect
Try five times [?] at your service
But got sidetracked easily.  Despite that, feasibly
Our curse is to quit it—stuck to the plan adhesively
Forgive me, Lord.  I’m nervous, waited forever in line
The guy in front of me must have took too much of your time
Rehearsed what I had to say and put it in a rhyme
Hope it’s suitable.  Probably will hear it from my cuticle
Dine in my palm, verbalizing what I did wrong
Right and left angel jotted what was going on
My intentions didn’t always reflect actions but I meant it well
Love my fam.  Taught you how to avoid being sent to hell

[Verse 2: King Koncepts]
Word, if I was standing on the frontline on Judgement Day
With God as my witness, this is what I’d say
Look what I done did: taught classes of kids
And brought music to masses in cult, flipped their wigs
Tried to create a positive change in people
In every part of my life, choosing good over evil
Respected all life, tried not to eat flesh
Even though I defiled my temple with cigarettes
My lady friends, I tried not to disrespect
Tried to put the people over the size of their check
I know, in all aspects, I ain’t been obedient
But sometimes, as a youth, I needed something more immediate
I know I never did pray on the regular
But I’m on my knees quick whenever life see fit to test me
I did the best for me.  The slick never let me
Never forget me—and that’s that power
I ain’t a coward.  I ain’t ship-less or lazy
When I didn’t before, I now kick back to jot ablazing
Do.  And if my weapon was my pen and my record
I fought every moment so that all my people get respected
I know sometimes I might have followed the wrong path
For that, I beg forgiveness—that time has now long passed
In all my works, I know that you saw the meaning
Now let me loose up in here so I can start slaying demons

[Verse 3: C-Rayz Walz]
Don’t open the bottom door.  There’s fire there.  Lord, please stop
“What about when you sold the starter cracker Reeboks?”
What about the homeless ones I feed on the block?  I’m trying
I even stopped smoking weed.  Uh... “Stop lying!”
I could have done worse, killed people and took photos
Plus, in all pictures of heaven, angels look like homo
“Woah, woah, there.”  It’d be less than truth if I showed fear
A bunch of naked cupid youth and women nowhere
What about the people I brought you?
Just by being Christ-like in my life, patient and humble
“Hahahahahaha.  You never read the Bible”
But check my actions—you’ll see Yahweh was my idol
“You read the Quran, [?] Salaat.”  Not
When I got shot, I embraced the law on the block
“Let his name be praised.”  I sold Buddha in Brooklyn
Said grace to the most high for Christians cooking
An intricate plot.  The name switched a lot—“forget titles”
No matter what form you turn to, I recognize you
“You dividing for shell.  Why the hell should I stress this?”
Hardly happy on Earth ‘cause ignorance is bliss
The world’s full of hatred—go investigate it
My mouth as a sword, the house of The Lord was desecrated
I can’t go to hell.  I’ve been there my whole life
Besides, the light at the end of this tunnel looks so bright
Before we close curtains and start slow service
I wasn’t half bad as a whole person
I’m so nervous, but I’m show certain
Mistakes was so perfect finding my soul’s purpose