[Hook: Sample from [?] and (C-Rayz Walz)] (x2)
If I could be anything I want, I’d be like me
Like me?  Like me.  Like me!
(So when I grow up, I want to be just like me)

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
I want to be fresh like Gazelles in the ’83 flick
2 plus 6 when I getting new scuffed up kicks
Ill with a blank page and markers, pen, and loose leaf
On a train by myself, Louis  Vuitton and Gucci
KRS-One, P.E., Rakim
Kane and Biz, Kool G Rap—you know what time it is
Artists who inspire me knowing I fire-breathe
In a mirror like, “Yeah, you got it, B”
Just be yourself, learn your energy—my mind’s great
Get your lines straight like assembly, divine states
If you rewind my tapes when I’m on ‘em
Wait ‘til I get older and my flow grow stronger
It’s gonna be a great time alone with my performance
Extra enormous, style lead with ghetto endurance
I’mma blow up.  Wait ‘til I grow up
And kick a rhyme on TV when you watching and you see my face show up

[Hook: Sample from [?] and (C-Rayz Walz)] (x2)
If I could be anything I want, I’d be like me
Like me?  Like me.  Like me!
(So when I grow up, I want to be just like me)

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
A lot of cats is nice.  I’ll still be ill in my afterlife
I practice in lunchrooms to master mics and my appetite
Hallway vocals had me rapping right (Right, right)
Spitting left out the cyphers of death—I was clacking light
Like special effects, I ain’t got a job
I make music work best and I’ve seen hip hop music progress
Interpose, switch path of plot
It’s sad but true I’m serious, so I laugh a lot
I make songs, don’t pay for studios
Every time I perform, I’m trying for the lead movie role
When I see other artists, I respect them like I know they mother
Even if I don’t know they mother
I’ll clap you, write a rhyme on the chalk outline
I’m like, “Damn, I know I killed the verse this time”
Now my music’s a climb.  And what comes to mind?
I could get paid for this, get away with it every time

[Hook: Sample from [?] and (C-Rayz Walz)] (x2)
If I could be anything I want, I’d be like me
Like me?  Like me.  Like me!
(So when I grow up, I want to be just like me)

[Verse 3: C-Rayz Walz]
I got that Fire Marshall Bill skill—I’m flaming them
Speaking off the top could knock out your exoskeleton
Hitting hard like Mike in the prime of his career
Behind the lines, I could score thirty from here
You want me to spit about alcohol, sex, and jewelry
Vehicles, sell my shit for a nickel and fool me
I move my own product, make my own music too
Getting paid for my CD—business as unusual
Iced out like you forgot the keys to igloos
Shovel raps come hit you in the back with heavy metal and dig you
We got roofs like Philly got cheesesteak
But now I’m professional—I keep my written rhymes in a briefcase
My old English eight hundred years old with a scroll
From Brooklyn Academy when I first enrolled
To make you bounce like a determined toad
From spot to spot.  Anxious to locate my Stronghold
When we rock shows, we kill it and let the crowd live
So the story is told and material sold
I get to eat and I get to be me
The rhymes will sell, time will tell of my longevity

[Hook: Sample from [?] and (C-Rayz Walz)] (x2)
If I could be anything I want, I’d be like me
Like me?  Like me.  Like me!
(So when I grow up, I want to be just like me)

[Outro: C-Rayz Walz and (Sample from [?])]
Like me.  C-Rayz Walz, SH5, Brooklyn Academy.  Will Tell, Where Theirs a Will Theirs a Way, “Welcome to P World,” kiddies.  Hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!  Stronghold, The Sun Cycle MC.  And one day, y’all might be nice (Like me)