C-Rayz Walz - “You Might Get Slapped”
[Emcee(s): C-Rayz Walz]
[Producer(s): K. Lew]
[Scratches: DJ A. Vee]

[Intro: C-Rayz Walz]
Slapped.  K. Lew and C-Rayz, party people

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz with Scratches by DJ A. Vee] (x2)
Party people in the back: stand still.  If you don’t
Want to build, you might get slapped
Party people in the front: make it jump.  Focus
On me.  The rest of the party got your back

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
I wrote this on a boxing glove—no punchline
Eat your nesting clock during punchtime
I’ma kick these up close, stomp on pianos
Call ‘em my “footnotes,” wild like Sopranos
Criminal minds free subliminal rhymes
Anything less than Rayz is uncivilized
Doggone it, I’ll get it on for my dogs
Perform in a storm ‘til raindrops encore
Yes, yes, y’all, ‘til the break of dawn, Lewis
The girls on A Different World were stupid
I do good things, came from the worst place
A strange kid remember crackheads’ birthdays
This is suicide rap with a note attached to the back
Of the axe, so when I split the track to the max
I need headroom when there’s redrum to the back
Booms at the room’ll represent “The Power” like Snap!
Or Shock G.  In Bomb Squads like Hank Shocklee
You got to be in my crew to top me like...

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz with Scratches by DJ A. Vee] (x2)
Party people in the back: stand still.  If you don’t
Want to build, you might get slapped
Party people in the front: make it jump.  Focus
On me.  The rest of the party got your back

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
I’ll never stop my mission.  Cops is opposition
The blocks is prison.  You’ve been to jail?  Man, listen
I’m doing life, wrong-and-right/write collisions
In the warzone, we fight and save provisions
CEOs in strip clubs get they dick sucked
My lines like coke—the hype shit get sniffed up
I fell, tripped, slipped, but it caused dough to twist up
Five years since the last stickup.  And y’all ain’t
Strong enough to make me relax.  You want
Feedback?  Put a spoon in your asscrack and eat that
Anus, darken fienders in the light
Where we see it.  It is life where we be it
I’m nasty about what I see and what I see when I
Speak about, I notice the Earth with words leaking out
Like a shot in the house, lock this speaking out
The speed of sound got the woofers tweeting out
It’s about how the mind travel.  You could rock
Stonehenge and make that shit gravel
It’ll have you in a grip when I grab you and ask:
Why I got to be the last to have the best laugh?

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz with Scratches by DJ A. Vee] (x2)
Party people in the back: stand still.  If you don’t
Want to build, you might get slapped
Party people in the front: make it jump.  Focus
On me.  The rest of the party got your back

[Verse 3: C-Rayz Walz]
I’ll spit in 3-D, numbing your face
Smoking an L with a gun on my waist
I’m taking a Chance in this monotonous Monopoly
Paying rent, forced to land on the property
Reality bites.  Rats in my hood—watch your ankles
Streets of dough.  Paid in full, cats’ll shank you
Like twins in the bathroom, you too/two butt
Beat you with a question mark and ask you, “What?”
I’m on the next level.  Keep your stones and whatever
I’ll bring two birds to life with a feather
Using cunning, my darts are stunning, soon to part
The crowd like a fool and his money
Put my glasses on, (Look, look) look in the shade
Talk bright idea?  (Watch, watch) Watch your lightbulb fade
Cases in cages, I’ll beat my script, look
Cook your cornrows and make you eat them shhh...
Stronghold torture caught ya.  Forcer of por-
-celain.  Preparing my engine like a revved-up flaunter
Your vitals should be used for S&M
While I B. Fly like that Emcee who did “Estrogen”

[Hook: C-Rayz Walz with Scratches by DJ A. Vee] (x2)
Party people in the back: stand still.  If you don’t
Want to build, you might get slapped
Party people in the front: make it jump.  Focus
On me.  The rest of the party got your back

[Outro: C-Rayz Walz]
What up, what up?  “Specialist.”  Get slapped