[Intro: Breez Evahflowin’]
SH5 in SC.  Breez Evahflowin’, Wally What.  Lifted and gifted, Stronghold.  Yo

[Verse 1: Breez Evahflowin’]
Hearts of darkness deeply rooted, deadly MACinations
For guns of calibration, some pull more than gravitation
To reverse creation and salivate with anticipation
Facing your fears, wasting peers, see who has ears
Listen here or stand clear like toxic fumes concocted
Doomsday devices and human shells consuming L’s
For whom the bell tolls, the hellhole repels those
Up in the joints like elbows.  Sell hopes and dreams
So if we conversate, it seems I ain’t complete without cream
So the weak-willed inspired by the airtight gear
Seek thrills through nightmares—who want to bite, there’s
A line from the rhyme.  It don’t mind
Just as long as there’s dime in two kinds
Why are there days of the 9 mill?
My mind’s chilled by the ways that a rhyme kill
Think about it.  You talk it, you got to back it up
Or pack it up and quit because your first could be your last hit
It’s getting drastic.  Cats be flipping out their caskets
For last licks, hollering unfriendly ghost is
Seeds ain’t seen a dollar as the fiscal year approaches
To a close.  Highs and lows like tides
The eyes tend to stick rented chicks and rides
You picked the lies.  I’ll be picked the Most High
If I must die, ain’t nobody faking the cry
Forsaken am I, taking the time to ask, “Why?”
Ain’t nobody faking the cry
Forsaken am I, taking the time to ask, “Why?”
Taking the time to ask, “Why?”
Ask, “Why?” (Why?)

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
So chess is the name of the quest and the flame for the best remain
Or leave in the cold wind in the air like pelican brains
Forever the skeleton frame’s out the closet, bones
Jump back, become viral to monotone
We borrow bones and shells get sent back
This is angry beach wars.  Tell me, do you like the Sun on your back?
The Solar System, the mad molarism speaking out the back
Of your mouth like your tooth was expressing the root of wisdom
Cataclysmic verses that’ll c-c-crash the Earth
Splash the water from the kings who remain.  But what is worse?
Like, three of those.  The torpedoes hit
Understood in studio, styles seem supported
Bring it back again for life as you know it
Blind spaceships attack from the poet’s page
In principles of probable remainder, getting caused
By paranormic, spasmic modes of the pencil, stupid
We wrote it... to... ceive... intelligence
Receiving irrelevance born out the negligence
Remember these in the back of your mind like elephants
Assassination for them dollar bills, dead president
Manifestation, bar codes next to the orbal
For those who seem like it’s more or less
But it’s moral-less and it’s more of the best
That wait to go back with a heavenly rest
Spread through the leprosy quickness, sedifies in sand
Caught up in the angelic beings who searched for jinns
There’s a rhythm.  We dance in the balance party
Club Yin and Yang.  Hit sound factories and barred, we
Travel the molds.  Lymph is swolled
Attacking the crowd with prose in alphabetical-order stereo
Transform.  Move on
Ask questions?  Why?  With the answers through stereo
Words back to back
Measuring the height of the mics contracting, in fact
It’s giving birth to another “Staques”
We making candles from digging in the wax
Wax