[Intro]
Yo, whassup? This is Tajai
Of the mighty Souls of Mischief crew
I'm chillin' with my man Phesto, my man A-Plus
And my man Op', you know he's dope (yo)
But right now, y'know, we just maxin' in the studio
We hailin' from East Oakland, California
And, um, sometimes it gets a little hectic out there
But right now, yo, we gonna up you on how we just chill

[Verse 1: Opio]
Dial the seven digits, call up Bridgette
Her man's a midget; plus she got friends, yo, I can dig it
Here's a 40, swig it, you know it's frigid
I got 'em chillin' in the cooler, break out the ruler
Damn! That's the fattest dope I ever seen
The weather's heat in Cali
Gettin' weeded makes it feel like Maui
Now we feel the good vibrations
So many females, so much inspiration

[Verse 2: A-Plus]
I get inspired by the blunts too
I'll front you, if you hang with a bunk crew
I roam the strip for bones to pick
When I find one, I'm done
Take her home and quickly do this
I need not explain this (Nah)
A-Plus is famous, so get the anus!

[Verse 3: Tajai]
Hey, Miss! Who's there? I'm through there
No time to do hair; the flick's at eight, so get straight
You look great – let's grub now
A rub down sounds flavor, later there's the theatre
We in the cut, the cinema was mediocre
Take her to the crib so I can stroke her

[Verse 4: Phesto]
Kids get broke for their skins when I'm in
Close range, I throws game at your dip
Like handball, ‘cause the man's all that
All phat, I be the chill from 93 'til

[Hook: Souls of Mischief]
Yeah, this is how we chill from 93 'til
This is how we chill from 93 'til
This is how we chill from 93 'til
This is how we chill from 93 'til
Uh-huh, this is how we chill from 93 'til
This is how we chill from 93 'til
This is how we chill from 93 'til
This is how we chill… from 93 'til

[Verse 5: A-Plus]
Huh, my black Timbs do me well (yeah)
When I see a fool and he says he heard me tell (what?)
Another person's business, I cause dizziness
Until you stop acting like a silly bitch

[Verse 6: Phesto]
Yo, crews are jealous 'cause we get props
The cops, wanna stop our fun, but the top
Is where we're dwellin', swell and fat, no sleep
I work fit, and jerks get their hoes sweeped
Under their noses, this bro's quick
They hit blunts and flip once
I'm chillin', ‘cause my crew's close, kid

[Verse 7: Tajai]
I'm posted, most kids accept this as cool
I exit, ‘cause I'm an exception to the rule
I'm steppin' to the cool spots where crews flock
To snare a dip, or see where the shit that's flam B
Blam leakin' out his pocket
So I got tons of indo and go to the Owen's basement
My ace been fattenin' up tracks
Time to get prolific with the whiz kid

[Verse 8: Opio]
Greenbacks in stacks, don't even ask
Who got the fat sacks? We can max pumpin' fat tracks
Exchangin' facts about impacts, ‘cause in facts
My freestyle talent overpowers, brothers can't hack it
They lack wit, we got the mack shit
'93 'Til Infinity – kill all that wack shit!

[Hook: Souls of Mischief]
Ah, this is how we chill from 93 'til
This is how we chill from 93 'til
This is how we chill from 93 'til
This is how we chill from 93 'til
Yeah, this is how we chill from 93 'til
This is how we chill from 93 'til
This is how we chill from 93 until
This is how we chill from 93 'til

[Verse 9: Phesto]
I be coolin', school's in session, but I'm fresh in
Rappin', so I take time off to never rhyme soft
I'm off on my own shit
With my own clique, roll many backroads
With a fat stog' and blunt, foldin' runts
Holdin' stunts captive with my persona
Plus a bomber, zestin'
Niggas is testin' my patience, but I stay fresh, and…

[Verse 10: Tajai]
Restin' at the mall, attendance on 'noid
But I am shoppin' for my wish to exploit
Some ill fits, some new kicks
I often do this, ‘cause it's the pits not being dipped

[Verse 11: Opio]
Flip the flyer attire females desire
Baby, you can step to this if you admire
The extraordinary, dapper rapper
Keep tabs on your main squeeze before I tap her

[Verse 12: A-Plus]
I'll mack her, attack her with the smoothness
I do this, peepin' what my crew gets (Huh)
Loot, props, respect, and blunts to pass
Crews talk shit, but in my face they kiss my ass (Smack!)
They bite flows, but we make up new ones
If you're really dope, why ain't you signed yet?
But I get my loot from Jive/Zomba
I'ma bomb ya; you will see, from now 'til infinity

[Hook: Souls of Mischief]
Yeah, this is how we chill from 93 'til
This is how we chill from 93 'til
This is how we chill from 93 'til
This is how we chill from 93 'til
Uh-huh, this is how we chill from 93 'til
This is how we chill from 93 'til
This is how we chill from 93 'til
This is how we chill… from 93 'til

[Outro: Souls of Mischief]
Hah-hah, just coolin' out, y'know what I'm sayin'?
But, but who's chillin' around the land, y'know?
Yo, who's chillin'? I think I know who's chillin'
Yeah, tell me who's chillin' then, Plus
Casual – you know he's chillin'
Yo, Pep Love – he gotta be chillin'
Jay-Biz – you know he's chillin'
Ayo, man, my man Snupe is chillin', man
Yo, Mike G – you know he's here chillin'
Yeah, my man Mike P – you know he gotta chill
Del the Funky Homosapien is chillin'
Aye, aye, my man Domino – yo, he's chillin'
Yeah… it's like that, yeah