[Verse 1:]
You said you know why we’re here
Don’t try nothing stupid, man, nobody’s scared
I’m tryna recuperate, they been spoiled up ma head
An dis fuckin mutt that made a big ole hole out ma leg
I’m chained to d bed, barely heard what he said
I ain’t wrong nobody out here, I mean purposely, damn!
Blah! Think again, you go pay for yo sins
Yo bredda better get dat bread up or his caper gon’ end bad end

[Chorus:]
There’s another side of you that you need to see
Ain’t talkin bout how it’s supposed to be

[Verse 2:]
There’s another side of you that you need to see
I’m pleased to be-controller of ma destiny, changin ma scenery!
Disease be d senseless violence
Wicked ways of mankind shrouded in silence
The devil sits right beside us in time
Poison in your frontal lobe you sayin “probably just high” (what!)
You listen to d rumours who was tellin a lie
Who got proof know that you can rely on the information
Cause snitches waitin, configuratin, the vicious ways they take advantage of situations
The figure 8 spins I get impatient
Fightin allegory, we retaliatory, anticipation, this shit’s amazin
And dese snicks are praised in ways
Is makin waves till there ain’t no way to save

[Chorus:]
There’s another side of you that you need to see
I’m pleased to be-controller of ma destiny, changin ma scenery!
There’s another side of you that you need to see
I’m pleased to be-controller of ma destiny, changin ma scenery!
In this scene in me and we need to be-out

[Verse 2:]
Outti 5 rowdy time for calamity
This isn’t happenin, this is a track an this be happenin for real
I refuse to let d agony build
I’m losin ma sanity still need a attic for strategy an chill
Think back if you sad an billin wit d raggedy feelin
The scantily clad hoe
Had to be dem assholes, mad at they souls
Remember at the show they whole faculty practically froze up
Dassin an doped up, I bet they whole faculty coked up an smoked out
Get d cinder block an d ropes out scopes on d tower wid a power boat
Quicksand’s in d hour glass is a flashback to d previous circle of circumstances
Cause I don’t even understand this whole situation, it’s outlandish
I’m in a mareeo famish the blank canvas, just vanish with no trace scandals
I can go expect delay on catalysts, activist let’s rewind time
It’s like dis setta!
It’s like dat edda!
I gotta holla for did baseball bat hello!
Ahh! It’s so much losers