[Verse One]
Don't forget your niggas, my rep gets bigger
And figures on my checks, flex
Like Hercules, when I flirt with ease
Use a lingo that'll bring more.. hoes
Front and center, enter this blissful twist full of fun, for my niggas
Here's another one
You get a hand shake, and take a copy of the Q&A
We're doin' a service, and who are they?
Questions and answers, and we can sure
Capture the spirits in your soul cause the man's pure
And furious cause curiosity killed the cat
Why fill the gat with lead, then leave a nigga dead?
What if you was that nigga?
Don't sweat me, cause if I was that nigga I would pull that trigger
Protect yourself but don't project yourself into trouble
Cause, you'll perish, there is
Some things I never forget, police sweats when we out posted like marionettes
We jet, unless them hands be empty
They lookin' for niggas, yeah? They not allowed to pin me

[Hook]
Don't forget your niggas... (Niggas!)

[Verse Two]
Don't forget your niggas, even if they low down niggas
Cause I sho' found niggas
Down on they luck, here's a pound, and a buck, and you better not spend it on no booze
Choose what is more important, I'm a nigga who will [?] shit
Before it starts... we score with heart
Artistic values, and I'll use a portion of the brain other niggas is ignorin'
You're snorin'
What's up my niggas? Hi niggas, I figures
I'm the nigga who can bring a rhythm to your soul
Plain and simple, then pull other tricks out my sleeve and leave unseen
Clean and slicklike
Niggas need to get they shit right, 'fore they step to Hieroglyphics it might
Prove fatal, so move, wait'll I'm done
I use fun and fabrications for your imagination...
Wastin', spillin', blood when I'm illin'
Depressed cause I take it out on others, not the brothers
Just wreckin' ex-ecutives, and I bet you give
Up your cash, when I leave you with the gash in your ass
Cause I had no heart when it started, now I departed and I'm back again, give me ends
'Fore I bust into your office squeezin' triggers
Because you, because you
Cause you forgot us NIGGAS (Niggas!)

[Hook]

[Verse Three]
Now peep, I new that was large
That nigga used to rap good, now I'm askin' him
Perhaps, could you tell me how you fell off?
Yeah, you was well off... But now the real niggas think you're soft
Cause we beat rhymes, you can't keep up with the times
It seems you have styles combined... From other fools
And you'll discover who'll be a real nigga
You were the man, you supposed to shield niggas!
When you say you will, you don't display your skill
And still, you throw your niggas outdoors
Scores of years ago you was bros
Now you got a little dough
And yeah you tryna play him like a hoe
Well I don't think so, he ain't a puppet
Enough with that shit, take that job
Stuff it
Up your ass, just gimme enough for gas
I'm roughin', I can last, and get my own fuckin' cash
Well that's that, and what do you get for that?
"Ooh, you dirty rat!"
How could you forget the fool that was down witcha in school?
Y'all used to shoot pool!
Ya sidebuster, never could trust a
Nigga think he so large, that nobody can thrust him
Out the pilot seat, ejected
You forgot your nigga
Your ass out, expect it!

[Hook]