[Intro]
Yeah, yeah, BeenTrill, the movie, hosted by yours truly. The Astronaut Kid, motherfucker. Been trill, been doin’ it, been at it. Been start doin’ in this shit before you niggas. Been fly, been underrated, been grindin’, been payin’ dues. Been smashin’ your bitch, nigga. Been turnin’ up. We been had it. We been at it. We been making classics, motherfucker. Been trill, nigga. Future Hendrix. Astronaut nigga. Still on Pluto motherfucker

[Hook]
I'm on that good kush and alcohol
I got some down bitches I can call
I don't know what I would do without y'all
I'mma ball til the day I fall

Yeah, long as my bitches love me (yeah, yeah)
I can give a fuck 'bout no hater
Long as my bitches love me
I can give a fuck 'bout no niggas
Long as these bitches love me

[Verse 1]
I suffered like immigrants, now my bitches immigrants
Young niggas ain’t got remorse, they shootin' at your innocence
You put in your own work, you reap all your benefits
You grind til’ you shed a tear, like, why I get put in for
I done it, lost it all, I had no one to call
We living on couches, these niggas ain’t 'bout shit
Take a straight shot to the head, face first sippin' ain’t scared
But it’s time to break bread, she asked how much I need
I’m ‘bout to fuck the hood out this bitch ad roll me some weed
I can’t see it like I want to, but she’s always there for me
It’s been hate the days in the streets and I have nobody
When I'm stressing, I hit her up and then we talk ‘bout it

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
OG, Granddaddy, blowing like a chimney
Last night I passed out mixed for a women
Can’t keep it real with niggas, you got to handle business
You can’t see what I go through cuz it’s covered with all my image
And I love this life, and I won’t trade it for the world
And these niggas fake, that’s why you got to fuck their girls
Get high as kites, and we taking shot’s of syrup
I can’t see myself, if I was looking in the mirror
I don’t understand the haters and I will never understand it
These niggas rather see you fall, than see you standin’
These niggas they'll leave you for dead while you breathin'
I feel like she love me, unconditionally, know I can see it

[Hook]