"We have a group on our show tonight, that goes beyond the sounds of today
As a matter of fact it's more like the sounds of outer space
Ladies and gentlemen, the sound-sound."

[Verse 1: Casual]
My microphone the hammer of Thor
Ladies scream like their finger got jammed in the door
It's like I been here before
Since the day of the Moor
Ask baby her religion she said Christian Dior
Now pour it out,you should do the libations
You can feel the energy through the vibrations
You're witnessing hip-hop's beautification
Yep, we represent a unified nation

[Verse 2: Pep Love]
Racing, pacing everyday spent in the basement
Blazing and building like a Mason
Or chillin' like a lazy bum
You know it's funny how these years go by
The shorter the days become
I'm a raisin in the sun
Doing it the way it's done
Flip rages (?), run
Cadence is sharp as razors
Off the pages
My thoughts are dangerous
Like I popped a banger from an awkward angle
I go into and get intimate to get them interested
When my writtens (?) ripe up out the grime (?) with the grit
And put the rhyme with wit
My mind is fit
My long dick
Hard enough to make a diamond split
What time is it?

[Verse 3: Opio]
Aw shit, they got cheap knock-offs for sale
I see the future like George Orwellian theory
Here me William Cooper with the alien
Old school, I roll with the homosapien
They saying "slow down Op, you gotta break 'em in"
1 comma 24 zeros septillion
I'm thinking big my nig
What's really then?
I do it for my great grandbaby, stay militant

Hook:

Everybody right there tell me where ya from
Bob ya head so hard til' it turn ya dumb
Put your lighter in the air til' it burn ya thumb
Put your lighters in the air til' it burn ya thumb
Huh? You want it, I'mma serve ya some
Look, I don't even care if you ain't heard this song
Turn it up! Represent where ya from
Put your lighters in the air till it burn ya thumb

[Verse 4: A-Plus]
A said hold up your ganja until your finger tips brown
I'm getting' lit now, then I finna get down
If your lighter goes out, rekindle it now
If a sucker right next to you, hit I'm in the lip, POW!
I'm just joking, don't get your panties in a bunch
I light party up, like putting' brandy in the punch
I'm crafty in the clutch, happy in the cuts
With a chick that's looking at my like stab me in the guts
It's A-Plus, the man nuts, ask em
Alien genes I bet my grandson has em
In high demand because the man's so handsome
Put your hands up and flick your lighter for the anthem

[Verse 5: Del]
Welcome my people, return to the regal
Follow me through the entrance to the cathedral
Put your lighters up so you can see through the darkness
Hiero lines up any proceedings you start with
Peace to all the brothers that had my back in crack wars
Whenever I rap, we all shine like Black Star
Bounce to the beat from the bay, we innovators
Let your lighters burn just like incinerators

Hook:

Everybody right there tell me where ya from
Bob ya head so hard til' it turn ya dumb
Put your lighter in the air til' it burn ya thumb
Put your lighters in the air til' it burn ya thumb
Huh? You want it, I'mma serve ya some
Look, I don't even care if you ain't heard this song
Turn it up! Represent where ya from
Put your lighters in the air till it burn ya thumb