[Verse 1]
Some consider me to be an idealist and yes I be
It's Pep Love baby in the flesh, MC
And every idea of mine is a little bit closer
To being real when I reveal a rhyme
It's the pebble and the pond effect
Let it ripple, triple and quadruple until my people respond [?]
The light! Then we might invite
The wind under our wings and begin to take flight
This vernacular activist spits spectacular shit accurate. I don't miss!
I gotta kick something that means something
Everybody else go ahead and keep fronting
This is what dreams are made of
Don't get it twisted and miss it, but you still got to get your weight up!(Get your weight up)
We picture wit the [?]
Hieroglyphics Crew, the shit for sure
We came to frazzle fragile egos and wet your vaginal heroes
With such an exceptional set to blow
It's P-E-P L-O-V-E: a laid-back brother rather mellow. It's

[Chorus]
Substance! You know I'm saying something
Every time I touch this I must bust with
Substance! I got soul, style, a beautiful smile and a clutched fist. I get Substance! cause that's what you need
Substance! To let your mind be free
Substance! But you sold the Substance
Substance! That's why we drop it like this

[Verse 2]
I can talk about fancy cars and stuff
But I think that whole road has gone far enough
The microphone is a very powerful tool
If used the right way, it can wake up the fool
Wake up the rule so I choose drop jewels
Not to be a silly snob sitting on a high school
But to break the monotony
They don't know that we don't gotta be picking cotton to not be free
We need cultivation
To reverse the perverse adulteration and [?]
I'm a merciful messenger and my verse is proved
To nurture the best in ya. Yes it's true
They be the chosen few. Money murder and hoes is cool
For those law souls confused
I try to provide a guiding light
Cause when we ride tonight I know we gon be alright

[Chorus]
Substance! You know I'm saying something
Every time I touch this I must bust with
Substance! I got soul, style, a beautiful smile and a clutched fist. I get Substance! cause that's what you need
Substance! To let your mind be free
Substance! But you sold the Substance
Substance! That's why we drop it like this