{Intro}
Bodybag material...
Bodybag material...

Scratch off the serial...

Bodybag material

Yeah. Yeah

Bodybag material

{Verse 1}
Slang stradavarius, arrow in ya skull like sagittarius
Scary lyricist, water torture you aquarius
Nefarious with various types
That will smoke you in broad daylight
Like Marion Berry's crack pipe
Roll up in a charriot (clap) trough ya barriers
Body bag a badge, thirty slugs in dirty Harry's chest
Gapes in ya stomach, like hairy vaginal areas
You never lived the streetlife, you live vicarious
Hit you on the motherfucking block bitch, there he is
You got beef with a crew of agitated barbarians
Aggravated assault on your majesty, tear his face to bits
You are to fragile sniffing magic fairy dust
Catch you at the bus stop, it's tragic when the ratchet bust
Smash you with the fist, pain like ovarian cyst
I can't stand you bitch, i'm anti gregarious
I rock dope gear, professionally fly aerosmith

{Hook}
Bodybag material...

Bodybag material...

Scratch off the serial...

Bodybag material...

Bodybag material (Bodybag material scratch off the serial)

{Verse 2}
Almost fish-hooked by a sprat pisces
Ice you in the trunk of crysler
With no license a crisis, wipe feces on the diocese
Then i piss on the pope, drop em in the high seas
Die please, you send threats to an inbox
I send shots, to ya top gemini twin Glocks
Purgatory on turbo, Manson on dabs
Ya fergie virgo give you cancerous crabs
Tryin to act the norm, i'll send ya bitch back to porn
Rip through ya grill split ya cap, you're corn
Got a libido for giving beatings i gallivant
Scorpio killer aiming a torpedo at callahan
You won't get bail ya fucked, it sucks
Left to rot in jail like a schmuck, the libra scales are corrupt
Check this i'm the chief of O.G. BEEF
Reckless rocking a necklace, with leo teeth
Aries fire burn you like a forest full of wood
Pop a taurus bullet at your bullshit hood
Zodiac killer lyrical cryptic cryptogram
Run up on you at night, flip in the clip and BLAM!

Bodybag material...

{Instrumental}