"What if I wanna have sex before I get married? Well, I guess you just have to be prepared to die"

The muthafuckin' brain bug
I'm done givin' hugs
Done givin a fuck about a set of buns
Or the bitch they belong to
Spreadin news like fumes
Hop out tha dark and twist you like a rubix cube
Ain’t rep a set, ain’t got a jet, no chain yet
But I'll cut ya legs off and wear em' round my neck
So you can crawl ya bitch ass all the way back to mommy
And tell her all about the human tsunami

Who the fuck is next to bite the end of my bat?
Then ask ya self how Terror Reid got moves like that
Well I'm a pimp with a limp, cookin bitches like garlic shrimp
Ya fuck around and catch a brick to ya lip
Cuz I don't play that shit bitch
Gun me down I'll bet ya miss cuz
“It's the triple six in the mix, straight from H-E-double-hockey sticks”
And what the fuck is this?
Ya probably spent ya whole label check on ya wrist

In other news
The pews are still huge and filled with soon to be doomed
Confused goons with loose screws and skewed views
On life tools and whatever else
Using kiddy-lovin’ elders to better they selves
Well here's a newsflash, it's 2017 and we ain't dead yet
But that bitch in the back row could be gone any second
Go ahead and eat the bread you callin' “Body of Christ”
And sacrifice ya life, you’ll burn in hell if you don't act right

This shit's a fuckin' scam and half the nation's brainwashed
Time to seperate the wicked ones at all costs
Ya lost bitch and so are ya kids
Ya closed minded simple fucks bout' to be the shits that ends all this
It's all a lie
There's no magic guy in the sky
Waiting for you when you die
So open your eyes, is you high?
I mean I should fuckin' know I've already died 5 times
I swear to shit
Matter of fact, make it 6

"You know, people don't wanna know the truth! People don't wanna know the truth in the Bible! Do you wanna change the channel? Go ahead and turn the channel! But, if you wanna learn something about God, shut your mouth and listen to me for a minute. Lemme say something about Harry Potter! Warlocks are enemies of God, and I don't care what hero they are. They're an enemy of God, and if it hadn't been in the Old Testament, Harry Potter would have been put to death!"

"Do you believe in evolution?"
"Um, no"
"What do you believe?"
"That God created the world"
"Who told you that?"
"Um... my parents"