[Verse 1]
Creepy crawling, in your crib, we're comin' to kill
Catch you while you sleep, wake up to a gun in your grill
Doing Satan's business, tie you up, hang you
Strangle you, 22cal. bang, bang you
Mephisto with a pistol, methadrine crystal
Give me all the money, to me you're less than shit stool
Juxed 51 times, women screaming, blood everywhere
Bound and gagged, in fear you stab, beg for your life
Break the gun handle on your skull, take a jagged knife
Then like an animal indulge, in non-stop stabbing trife
Puncture pregnant bitch, rupture arteries
My horrific cult of vultures, butchering, no remorse, bludgeoning
Slit your throat, gushing like a flushed toilet, now your hunched
My infamous psycho posse, tagging 'pig' up on the door in blood
You can't stop me from:

[Hook]
Stabbing, and stabbing, and stabbing, and stabbing (Until you die!)
And stabbing and stabbing and stabbing and (My cult keeps)
Stabbing and stabbing and stabbing and stabbing (Viciously)
Stab you to death!
{*Gunshot*}

[Verse 2]
Face down on the bed, pillow case over your head
Lamp cord choked, leave everyone in the place dead
Knife to your chest, your colon flexes
Slashing the word 'war' in your solar plexus
We're piranhas, get you prepped for embalmers
You're pleading, bleeding profusely in your pajamas
Attacking my prey like a starving hawk
Jux ya buttocks with an ox and a carving fork
Senseless crime, no motive, sacred deed
Shock the world, make 'em stand up and take heed
Needle tracks on my arm, influenced by Beatles tracks
Doing your fetal sac harm
"Patty, do something witchy later"
Helter skelter in blood on the refrigerator
Exit, me and my vicious accomplices
Hitch-hike back to the ranch, mission accomplished

[Hook]
Stabbing, and stabbing, and stabbing, and stabbing (Until you die!)
And stabbing and stabbing and stabbing and (My cult keeps)
Stabbing and stabbing and stabbing and stabbing and stabbing (Viciously)
Stab you to death!

[Charles Manson sample]
What the hell I wanna go off and go to work for? Work for what? Money? I got all the money in the world. I'm the king, man. I run the underworld, guy. I decide who does what and where they do it at. What am I gonna run around like some teeny bopper somewhere for someone elses money? I make the money man, I roll the nickels. The game is mine
[?]