[Verse 1:]
Special forces, professional with a four-fifth
Congressional medal shit
Aggression will get you split
Avoid explosions with agility, mentally exploit the vulnerabilities of my enemy
Last survivor, a master diver, fastest driver, liver than MacGyver on visor
Aye aye sir
Flashbacks of blasting gats, flack jacket backpack fuck you bastard, attack
Guerrilla tactics, military practice, boobytrap set, get the match lit
Don't get captured
Fuck George W on a voyage for POWs destroyed villages
Rubble, pillaging trouble
Killing children villains with submachine guns, generals drilling them
A grunt can't front, there's no where to run to
War hero like DeNiro in Deer Hunter
First Blood

[Hook:]
I draw first blood, it's over with and that's that - [[Prodigy]]
(It's over!)
(Nothing is over!)
It's similar to Vietnam
(You just don't turn it off! It wasn't my war! You asked me and I didn't ask you! Who are they to protest me, huh?)

I draw first blood, it's over with and that's that
(It's all in the past now.)
(For you!)
It's similar to Vietnam
(For me civilian life is nothing! I was in charge of million-dollar equipment! Back here I can't even hold a job parking cars!)

I draw first blood, it's over with and that's that

[Verse 2:]
Missing in action, I'm a get you back soon
Interactions like shrapnel fractions that hack limbs
Nam jungles holding guns in holes
Lungs full of smoke, shooting mongrels
Your son got killed, parachute down and shoot down enemies
Nothing cute, brutal like a barracuda frown
Knives, bows and arrows penetrate bone marrow
You're leaking haemoglobin marinara
Commando send shocks like Pendo(?) bucking to kill
Cut up your grill like Nandos
Killing enemy troops, many in groups
Approach em like roaches
Ho Chi Minh trail, hit em with explosives
Buenos noches, no chance to live
Brains on the floor looking like poached eggs
Torturous punishment, banana clips, helicopter gunships, veteran friendship
I'm a get you

[Hook]

[Outro: Samples]
My friend is all over me! I've got blood and everything and I'm tryin' to hold him together! I'm puttin'... the guy's fuckin' insides keep coming out! And nobody would help! Nobody would help! He's saying, sayin' "I wanna go home! I wanna go home! " He keeps calling my name! "I wanna go home, Johnny! I wanna drive my Chevy! " I said "With what? I can't find your fuckin' legs! I can't find your legs! "