[DMC]
(You wanna know where i've been at ?)

[DMC]

I was standin' on the corner at the end of my block
When I realized I was the king of the rock
Its me DMC, I be superior, call all you other MC's non-ferior
I be the baller and the player on your favorite team
See my cup runnin' over, overflown with cream
I was born to be the king of this hip-hop thing
With my big black glasses and, my fat gold chain
In New York, In L.A. in the A.T.L
When I talk this way they're saying im raising Hell
See, before I came to try to shit on the game
? and everything had changed, and you can never
Let me make this clear, this is something for all MC's to hear
You could never ever do what me and my crew did
You punk ass rappers can't even think that big
Dont even think about all the money I get
But you need to think about how had how i hit, how hard it gets, how hard I spit
Dont mess with DMC cuz' Im the ultimate

[Chorus] X2
We gonna murder yall...
(Mothefucker try we gon')
Serve you raw...
(Cannot stop my shots and we gon')
Burn it all...
Put your back to the wall, PUT YOUR BACK TO THE WALL
(Click-CLACK)
COME ON!

{​Necro}​

My clique be packin' heaters
Were killing it baby like crack attack to fetus
Stompin' your fuckin face, rockin a pair of black Adidas
Black cadillac, black jacket, back smack you, clap you with the black ratchet
Black out, blow your back out, paraplegic paratrooper, paranoid like scarface
My parasite paragraphs show paranormal darkness
Swing on you like Peter Parker with parkinsons
Gat under my Parka brother to spark a mothefucker, barkin' like doberman
Spock's neck pinch, you'll be silent like a ninja
Or ill get violent at a trial, leave you blood red like a Ginger
Peace to DMC, For teaching me to be an MC
Now I beat you to death, verbally, when I feature on a track, like a creature on crack attacking the beat
Immaculately, conceptually, I rep for the streets
You ever step to me you'll be slapped so hard that you woken up and told you slept for a week
Leave you decrepit in a creek, you crocka shit, pig like crockett
Feed you to a crocodile your shit's pop, you suck cock and smile
Im ghetto like choco-diles, when i embark a new style, you better respect me like Charlie Parker in Miles
I've conquered this rap shit, The Monarch to the Kingdom Of The Dead got that demonic dope shit like colonic
Hydroponic, Psycho Phaunix, Necro-Bonics, Chronic illness, Lyrical bong hit, murderous, it's psychedelic sonic

[Chorus] X2
We gonna murder yall...
(Mothefucker try we gon')
Serve you raw...
(Cannot stop my shots and we gon')
Burn it all...
Put your back to the wall, PUT YOUR BACK TO THE WALL
(Click-CLACK)
COME ON!

[Necro]

Itch, with the Papa 9, pop a 9 into your spine, then Jet Li. like John Hinkley
Snitches, like droppin dime, drop a dimes to get less time
Its sickly
Suck a dick G