[Verse 1: Necro]
My religious beliefs are to kill snitches and any bitches that beef
Your grill in stitches, get buried inside a ditch in your briefs
Life is enslavement and suffering, crazy snuffings, attacks
Overdosing like David Ruffin, craving, puffing some crack
Hell is endless and friendless to the Hitlers, Mengeles, and Himmlers
Mangled, ripped to pieces by characters like Pinhead, no forgiveness
Reincarnated as God and Satan, logical psycho sadist
My cadence hits like razorblade tips or when Vader invaded
Corresponding with demons, bonded in blood
Like the Ugandan president Idi genocide like Rwandans in bondage
Divine comedy, mind lobotomy, do the math like Ptolemy
A bloodbath, you're split in half, dichotomy
The honorable, horrible, incorrigible, adorable death oracle
Beautiful like a funeral floral, you heard the stories: Murdering for glory
Sent to purgatory for doing something perverted and gory

[Hook: Everlast]
When your heart won't beat, your eyes go black
There's a light in the tunnel and you can't turn back
Your friends can't save you, your family's gone
You're waiting on your judgment at the foot of the throne
Will you beg for some mercy? Will you cop some pleas?
Will you stand on your own or get down on your knees?
Will your angels release you from where demons dwell?
Will you make it into Heaven or go right back to Hell?
Only time will tell, only time will tell
Only time will tell, only time will tell

[Verse 2: Tech N9ne]
I fall upon my knees like, "Lord forgive me"
Out of the commandments I've broken ten out of ten now
Blasphemy passed to me because now Satan's my pen pal
Part of me Asmodeus, the other side is an evangelist
God gave me melodious but I'm sick, psycho, and scandalous
Outbursts like bismillah, hallelujah
On the other hand I lust for flesh in my quest for gouda
Shaboobalaboopy time, I choose and the coochie's mine
My booze through the nine and I ooze at a groupie dime
I threw B-signs, but the Cs got more patnas
Everything dead, blasting at peep ma poor patois
Trying to bring you peace but the beast brings forth kaka
I really feel like I hate you but it's eep opp ork ah-ah
You don't know what that means? Then ask Jet Screamer
Trash that lingers will cause the enemies to blast that femur
Only time will tell if I crash between her
God forgive me, I'm torn because I'm an angel
With a crass demeanor

[Hook]
When your heart won't beat, your eyes go black
There's a light in the tunnel and you can't turn back
Your friends can't save you, your family's gone
You're waiting on your judgment at the foot of the throne
Will you beg for some mercy? Will you cop some pleas?
Will you stand on your own or get down on your knees?
Will your angels release you from where demons dwell?
Will you make it into Heaven or go right back to Hell?
Only time will tell, only time will tell
Only time will tell, only time will tell

[Verse 3: Ill Bill]
For whom the bells toll, it's the clock, tick tick tick
The truth is the future is now
How many lifetimes have I taken you through in this hour?
I trust nobody cause Babylon destroyed my uncle
So many lessons I've applied to my life that taught me to function
In this hell on the earth the dark clouds have silver linings
Until the lightning strikes down upon the unrighteous and frightening
The non-believers like eighty year old atheists on their death bed
Crying and begging for forgiveness from God
Atrocities committed against mankind
Monstrosities that span time leaving impressions of hatred in man's mind
Don’t let time trap you, it’s vital that you realize that there's a new beginning
At the ending of the hour of reprisal