Temar, Slobber tits shit check it, Its all abnout Joe's Grill, Its all about
Sbas mom. Satan. Shout out to my peep, shout out to my boy Satan. Check it
Beat to this shit, where;s the kid Joe. FUckin bestards? Where's Joey. We do
It like this for Temar

(Necro)
You on some rifter shit while I rock raps like velvo
Its celtic Temar's tits belge bangin the ground over the belt
My russian sluts love me the kings highway cunts
Dead and devour my Jewish cum all at once
Salive, AIDs my condomless cock was made
For groupies in cinnamon bun twats a gia prop
Nike's and roccawear shorts a sean john shirt
Bandana head band linked ready to flirt
Like Georgetown's rover we keep it gully
Like fantasia bendin over she'll end up in a coma
My gun shoots like Mr. Midget's custom made boots
One's bigger than the other duke
There's nothing like the Kid Joe in oyur crib ready to take a shit
He'll shit on your floor and won't acknowledge what he did
3 years in the hole god gave a woman a hole
So she could stuff it with a pole
Shout out to Ming upstate its all about $40 meals
And prag flicks from Yako its wholesale deals
Our like Reno with the bubble goose
Ding diamond shirt cocaine punch and mad juice
What happened to Ilyan kid you female dogs
Smell my asshole it stinks like a morgue
Ching cat soon goes a shrimp topura
Ask the owner to spend mroe than you can afford to
Me so so me so horney
Green teeth $5 delivery for me
We hate fuckin cops, you're a disgrace
Like Ming Corp suckin cock, and he's a waste
I rep it like Tony's karate flick collection
Amazing like Aaron Cohen's hairdo its destined
Uncle Howie's apartment stunk like shit
During the filming of I Need Drugs you would have puked kid
He's drawers full of roaches smellin like excretion
A crack hotel in modakai you can't beat it
Did I forget to mention Pearl's tits?
They're like Larry Gorgon's semen, they're almost perfect
Them shits drip down to her hips stretch marks and milk
Love or guilt low self esteem and suicide shit
You trapped in your crib like Nucia Dodgin bullets
Your son's in Belview pawn you better pull it
Some repeat shit my slobber slang got me walkin the streets
Like I'm Zeke booger changin cuz life is cheap
It's alla bout the Kid Joe's life
Eyebrow's connecting large tits and his fat fucking wife

Yo I'm tlaking shit, I'm talkin shit Kid I'm tlakin shit, that's what I'm doing
I'm talkin shit. i'm talkin shit, yo I'm talkin shit. This whole rap is me
Talking fuckin shit. Yo I'm talkin shit, kid I'm talkin shit. Kid I'm tlakin
Shit hey I'm talkin shit. I'll talk shit about you and your whole crew. Kid i'm
Tlakin shit now eat my doodoo. Kid I'm talkin shit, Yea I'm tlakin shit
Hahahahahahahahahahaha I'm talkin shit. Yes I'm tlakin shit. I'm talkin shit
Hahahahahahahahahaha I'm talkin shit. Kid we're talkin shit, we're talkin shit
You wille at fuckin shit, you will eat my shit. shshshshshshshsshit! Eat my
Shit hahahahahaha! Eat my shit ehehehehehehe! Eat my shit eat my shit. Please
Eat my shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit You eat my shit. Eat
My shit, you will eat shit. Bitch ass mother fucker's I shit on you, new
Compositions all freestyles. DIE