( Verse 1 )
I love a stunt that's down to sniff cocaine
A cunt with big cock sucking lips and no brain
A pussy you couldn't shoot up or drug
Car jack you like a cop in pursuit of a thug
Spittin' out like I chewed up a bug
That shottin' thru of a slug
And as for dolly parton, aiyyo I'm the type that fuck her jugs
I grew up in a sick place
BROOKLYN: where They run up on you and say, "Gimme the loot, dickface!"
Got an appetite for destruction like parasites
Kicked in your face, so bloody I fucked up my new pair of Nikes
DAMN! They cost over 100 bucks, OH WELL!
Scars on your grill are more fucked than a hundred sluts
The white Dolamite, I wanna see Janet Jackson deep throat a mic; It's only right
You're a snake, you known a bite, you're glowning bright
When dynamite rammed up your ass and you explode it nice, BLAM!

( Chorus )
Met the devil and spit in his grill
Told him I'm running hell son chill and you're the next I'll kill
You're know your dead when you sell your soul for bread
Life's funny like a bitchass with a hole in his head

( Verse 2 )
Clock you like a trife bo
I'll stab your sockets like a psycho
'til you can't see shit, like your on the toilet bowl with the lights closed
You'll be lonely
Homy you don't know me
You wanna play me
Treat me like a saxophone and blow me
Worship my vile grammer, skiis
Get on your cock suckin' knees
Prey to me like hammer
I get my dick, jerk right your girl
Imma diss the second I see a tit, with bigger tits
So many look sultry, don't insult me
How dare you ask me not to cheat like adultery
Im foul like poultry
Got a close up on your grill, it repulsed me (eww!)
To be truthful
Your ass is only useful
And what the fuck you got to say?
I'll rip your intestines out your ass and choke your man with them a block away
You hesitant bitch, you've never been sick
You got a cock in your mouth like that dead president flick
You want me to rhyme, what will you do for me?
You get your girl to suck dick and i'll rap for you for free
Money is simple; my income triples
When beats get chopped up like montel williams nipples
Honey, i'll keep it real with ya
Have your pants off, abuse you, and then say i ain't feelin ya
Women dont understand men, can't shut off our dick
See lorena bobbitt in the street and cut off her clit
Payback's a bitch, so bitch, pay with your back
Before i fuck a slut i dont know, i spray raid in her crack
The human head is quite durable
Your mouth shall make a very interesting urinal

(chorus)

(die)
1,2,3,4,5,666,777,8,1999

Motherfuckers...
Yeah...
Necro shit...
Bitch...


Please go die

Please die slow

Kill yourself

(die, bitch. shut the fuck up. asshole)