Whats a king to a god?
What are humans to the king of the skies this pride that I'm wearing and this things on my mind
Got me dressing up my wounds but the seams of disguise can't let em see me hurting can't let em think they on top of me
Tell em all I'm Pass Go Mrs. fucking Monopoly
Small town bred girl lyrically a metropoly been runnin' the game african name
Basically ain't no stoppin me living a nation of rich niggas animal planet and ditch diggers
Smooth talkers and shit pitchers do whatever it takes to get niggas
It's all sad it's really a shame the ones we look up to are really the same is corruption really to blame?
The shit that they talking is really the same was really the aim to get you to listen and you payin' attention you notice the difference
You notice that the end is closer to the beginning but let me talk a bit slower for you dumb it down kids making the bar a bit lower for you
A dumb kid is just a kid you can't teach the sky's no longer a limit just somewhere you can't reach ahh
How it feel to know ya own niggas laughin' at you and the niggas from your hood keep clappin' at you
You tryna run but the pain keep growin' and the past is repeated so the stains keep showin'
And the world is a cold place, maybe the wrong place, and your friends tell you stay hard like stone face but
A lot of shit you can't understand like where you come from in the motherland, or why Columbus stole my mothers land
Or why they dealing us the underhand? Why the fuck we don't get no say so and whenever we say so they just wanna say "grow up"
A lot of shit we can't get past like dark and light skinned when it's just black or whether free men are really just that and
Why these asians can't just rap why the fuck all our roads pre assigned to us? why they tryna make the past be the bind to us?
Nigga open up your mind be the blinds for you don't let these mother fuckers be your fucking blind folds
You think your favorite rappers are just coincidence? You think the sound change was just the instrument?
You don't get the undertone they trying implement? Shit, I guess you really don't get it then
See this world has been designed for the guppies and niggas in highest power are really the biggest puppets
And know that I don't believe in the curses of generation just know that the fucking past is only intimidation
Just know that it's a reminder that only hinders your greatness and know that the fucking devil is in the form of these haters
Who are in the form of these majors and know that your fucking speech is the biggest form of betrayal and
Since life is merely a conversation pay attention to the words and the lyrics that they be sayin'
Pay attention to them sayin' the realest is what they claimin' then look behind all they words and see what they all displaying
Is nothing really real huh? They ain't got shit that you can feel huh? 'cuz none of it is tangible no church in the wild
We goverend by fucking animals hello Mr. Obama, Comma Mrs. Obama, comma future elections, hello Hillary Rodem
Tell me what are the stakes boiling pot to the plate you can kill some steal some what the fuck does it take
Then tell 'em you're just a face to present the choices they make and then tell 'em they don't make changes only bigger mistakes
And tell em I said fuck 'em thanks for bunches of nothing land of the fucking free and home of the short comings
Who put the guns in the palms of the ghetto introduced the colored kids to the psalms of the ghetto
Who made it just a medal for the seeds of the souls of the slaves of the pasts that they ain't let go
I talk to god but I swear it's so different 'cuz the pain's so loud that I can bet he won't miss it
But the rain slow down I regain my old vision and the blur from the pain and the craze go missing ah
Need a sign just one time they don't want you when you real they don't accept your kind
But the struggle leads to greatness life is not just a given this shit is what you make it ah