No, I ain't never had to worry
I never been afraid
7 mile shoot everyday
Not at hoops or at no range
So u could bet yo ass ill spray
Or my name ain't angel haze
I just went in the closet and talked to god
He told me to give y’all all the same thang
Thats pain nigga
No more competing outside of my brain nigga
I be swerving swerving in them lanes nigga
I fucked you and moved on to new things nigga
Ain't no tie like Velcro and shoe strings nigga
Fuckin with these bitches they be hating a lot
Skate in the drop, head gone im insane wit the top
Man gone, I’m in ya bed hoe taking the top
Thinking about the bread like hmmmm how can I make me a lot
What the fuck did I see in you bitches
Wasted my time on all three of you bitches
From here on out its just me and these figures
Way less you more me on these bitches
Yeah you gotta  love yaself dont give your wealth to these niggas
Can’t get a kiss can’t get no ass don’t  waste my breath on these niggas
I gotta focus fuck a hoe I gotta flex on these niggas
Im chasing money tryna eat a  bowl of Chex on these niggas
You ain't fuckin wit me lil bitch
You ain't even on my team lil bitch
You can’t even fetch my fuckin water
You can’t even roll my weed bitch
Yeah i had to cut you off! What!
You can’t get no mo me lil bitch
You can’t even fill my fuckin sneakers
You can’t even fill my weave bitch
Wait
WHY WHY THE FUCK WOULD I LIE THESE NIGGAS?
I BEEN THE REALEST SINCE AN EMBRYONIC RISE ON THESE NIGGAS
DONT WANT THE CAKE, I WANT MY MONEY LIKE PI WITH THE FIGURES
I NEED THAT DOLLAR DOLLAR DOLLAR DOLLAR SIGN to infinity
Thats the power but I ain't gon let it fuck or devour me
Plan on gettin more than what u bitches want outta me
Like I’m the second coming lil bitches they doubted me
But I rose on them hoes and put them where the flowers


Yeah, you ain't want me when u had me
I left now u want me back
Whats the fuckin deal with that
Hoes just don’t know how to act
I had to let go of my heart
All that shit just hold me back
So when u hear me on some shit
Bitch u just know I’m gon attack
Like bitch I’m BACK NOW

Kicking on them bitches like im almost finished
Like  she pregnant u know she just gone deliver
Metamorphosis, bitch I was gone a minute
Out the box, they made they can’t hold her in it
Out the flock, broke the nest stole the dinner
Duck taped, gaggged, and chokehold the winner
Bitch dont put me next to no one elsa-
My shit so cold it just froze the winter
Hungry y’all hoes look like frozen dinners
I mean buffet style, I mean hold my liver
I mean I been drinking I mean I keep thinking
That no one can fuck w me man
7 mile bitch we hunting again
Angel u tripping wassup w u man
Thought I was gone bitch u was wrong
Sit the fuck down naw u stuck w me man

Noone can match my energy
Genetics man its chemistry
Yo hoe like me like a simile
I like that shit
Its chemis-
Shit its chemistry, its chemistry
Ain't no one gettin rid of me
They mad they can’t get rid of me
And I like that shit
I like that shit

Whoa! Wait!
I think I’m just too sick
I have to vomit on the beat
Bitch dont make me get vindictive
Put your mama on the streets
I just bought a bag of blow me down
And brought it to the beach, yea
This rap shit jus got real again
And its all bc of me

You think you really gon play me
I be like "look in my eyes"
Trippin like bitch you blind!
Trippin like nigga, you tried it!
Mama like its yo time!
I be like yes, oh my!
Wait until i drop mine!
WAIT UNTIL I DROP MINE!