No, I ain't never had to worry
I never been afraid
7 mile shoot everyday
Not at hoops or at no range
So you could bet yo ass ill spray
Or my name ain't angel haze
I just went in the closet and talked to God
He told me to give y’all all the same thang
That's pain nigga
No more competing outside of my brain nigga
I be swerving, swerving in them lanes nigga
I fucked you and moved on to new things nigga
Ain't no tie like velcro and shoe strings nigga
Fuckin' with these bitches they be hating a lot
Skate in the drop, head gone i'm insane wit the top
Man gone, I’m in ya bed hoe taking the top
Thinking about the bread like hmm, how can I make me a lot?
What the fuck did I see in you bitches?
Wasted my time on all three of you bitches
From here on out it's just me and these figures
Way less you more me on these bitches
Yeah you gotta love yaself
Don't give your wealth to these niggas
Can’t get a kiss can’t get no ass
Don’t waste my breath on these niggas
I gotta focus fuck a hoe, I gotta flex on these niggas
I'm chasing money tryna eat a bowl of Chex on these niggas
You ain't fuckin' wit me lil bitch
You ain't even on my team lil bitch
You can’t even fetch my fuckin' water
You can’t even roll my weed bitch
Yeah I had to cut you off! What!
You can’t get no mo me lil bitch
You can’t even fill my fuckin' sneakers
You can’t even fill my weave bitch
Wait why the fuck would I lie to these niggas?
I been the realest since an embryonic rise on these niggas
I don't want the cake, I want money like Pi with the figures
I need that dollar, dollar, dollar, dollar sign to infinity
That's the power but I ain't gon' let it fuck or devour me
Plan on gettin' more than what u bitches want outta me
Like I’m the second coming lil bitches they doubted me
But I rose on them hoes and put them where the flowers

Yeah, you ain't want me when you had me
I left now you want me back
Whats the fuckin' deal with that
Hoes just don’t know how to act
I had to let go of my heart
All that shit just hold me back
So when you hear me on some shit
Bitch you just know I’m gon' attack
Like bitch I’m back now

Kicking on them bitches like I'm almost finished
Like she pregnant you know she just gone deliver
Metamorphosis, bitch I was gone a minute
Out the box, they made they can’t hold her in it
Out the flock, broke the nest stole the dinner
Duck taped, gaggged, and chokehold the winner
Bitch don't put me next to no one elsa-
My shit so cold it just froze the winter
Hungry y’all hoes look like frozen dinners
I mean buffet style, I mean hold my liver
I mean I been drinking I mean I keep thinking
That no one can fuck with me man
7 mile bitch we hunting again
Angel you tripping wassup with you man?
Thought I was gone bitch you was wrong
Sit the fuck down, naw you stuck with me man

No one can match my energy
Genetics man its chemistry
Yo hoe like me like a simile
I like that shit
It's chemis-
Shit it's chemistry, it's chemistry
Ain't no one gettin' rid of me
They mad they can’t get rid of me
And I like that shit
I like that shit

Whoa! Wait!
I think I’m just too sick
I have to vomit on the beat
Bitch don't make me get vindictive
Put your mama on the streets
I just bought a bag of blow me down
And brought it to the beach, yea
This rap shit jus' got real again
And its all because of me

You think you really gon' play me
I be like "look in my eyes"
Trippin' like bitch you blind!
Trippin' like nigga, you tried it!
Mama like its yo time!
I be like yes, oh my!
Wait until I drop mine!
Wait until I drop mine