[Verse 1]
All I wanted was to love you, you make it hard
I dealt you a hand full of hearts, you never played your cards
Why'd you play with me?
Why the fuck you play with me? Oh, what?
You ain't got nothing to say to me?
Bitch I can't hear you. You ain't talking now?
I'll shove a fucking ax through the legs you use for walking out
(but baby, please)
NO, I AIN'T YOUR FUCKING BABY BITCH
That's the same thing you said to her when you babysit
Same fucking thing like I'm fucking replayin' shit
You think I'm crazy now but I'm gonna make you pay for this
And did you fuck her, did you let her?
Hold you did you let her meet your lil' sister
Remember when I told you was cheating?
I gave you everything, you fucking played me for no reason
Go back to fucking hell bitch, I don't need you breathin'
I hope satan fucks you in the mouth with heated semen
I hope you close your eyes and fucking see me when you're dreaming and I cut your body up
And feed it to a vegan
Go get on your knees and pray and scream for Jesus
He can't hear you, the end is fucking hear you


[Hook x2]
So long, bitch you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on, living in this world without you

[Verse 2]
Come here bitch, I want you to feel this shit...
(but wait, wait...give me one more kiss)
KISS ME BITCH! I said kiss me
Oh, you can love her - but now you wanna diss me
Oh, you're to good to me now?
You're too good for me?
I'll take some fucking pliers - and snatch your pussy 'til you unbusy
Didn't your mother teach you not to fuck with people?
You shoulda known I'd kill you all the fucking times I beat you
Remember that time when were up against the gate
And you lied about something
So I punched you in your face and you fell to the ground
Then I stomped you in your place?
Told your mom you were jumped and I was there to keep you safe
It was priceless
You should have seen the expression on her face
I wonder how she'd feel if she saw us here today
You can't get away
Nobody's here for you
Oh, you wanna cry?
Here... let me she'd a tear for you...
Wah. Wah. Why me?
I shouldn't have been a bitch, shouldn't have been grimy
I said no one can hear you, bitch... why scream?
I'll cut your fucking tonsils out... TRY ME

[Hook x2]

[Verse 3]
We coulda been something
It coulda been great
I loved your ass, I was willing to give a clean state
It didn't have to end - not this way
I wanted us, bitch, not this day
And if they ask I'm tell'em it ended this way...
We were here watching movies is the cut -
Someone broke in because this neighborhood is rough
Then they took a knife and repeatedly stabbed you in the gut...
Shit your fucking throat and left you dead in the tub
I was quicker so I managed to get away...
A couple bruises
Some blood and a couple scratches on the face
They may find me out but you'll be dead
I shouldn't have trusted you
I shouldn't have gave my all
Love don't cost a thing, bitch, because I paid it off
It was supposed to be us: only you and I -
SO DIE, BITCH, DIE!

[Hook x2]