[Verse 1: Chuck D]
Rest in beats from Heavy D to Eazy-E
The Notorious B.I.G., we have lost so many
Still wonder in my Adidas why Jam Master Jay had to die
And Lisa Left Eye
Off top no rehearsal R.I.B.  salute
Gifted Unlimited Rhymes Universal, my man...
Still in shock at the loss of Afeni and Pac
His spirit lives on, it won't ever stop
Scott La Rock, heard a dope story about him from the Blastmaster
Out west RIB Mac Dre and The Jacka
When we die it plants new seeds
For new Big Bank Hanks
And new MC Breed's, remember?
And the Sean P's that spit that raw
J Dilla got all the beatmakers still in awe
I'm not a pimp but Pimp C forever, UGK
Rest In Beats is the way that we say
Salute!

[Hook]
Salute in tribute, light a candle, play a song
As the legacy continue, on and on and on (Rest In Beats!)
Salute in tribute, light a candle, play a song
As their legacies continue on and on and on (Rest In Beats!)
Salute in tribute, light a candle, play a song
As their legacies continue, on and on and on
Salute in tribute, light a candle, play a song
As their legacies continue, on and on and on
Salute in tribute, light a candle, play a song
As their legacies continue on

[Verse 2: Chuck D]
Now we lost some other things
Besides just life and hip hop
We lost brick and mortar record stores
And really dope diverse tours
R.I.B. Rest In Beats
Original flavor and more
We lost the art of everyone being in the same studio
Rest In Beats

The love of the art now dipped in the dough
We lost real flows to mumbles and memes
We've seen the loss of ideas that we were kings and queens
Where are the groups? Too many going solo
We lost street teams and promo, to YouTube and Vevo
Man, I miss the time when you really had to rhyme
When lines weren't reduced to ghetto, studio and crime
For all that we lost, still the essence is preserved
Through beats, sound stages, dope energy and words

"Everybody listen to this!"

[Hook]

Rest In Beats!

[Verse 3: Marcus J & CM aka Creative]
Never cared how doves cry til I heard you die
Now I wanna forget and God knows I've tried
I wished you heaven, I hope that you heard me
We were undisputed there was no controversy
Tired of the changes that life seems to bring
Never feared for silence, the dead still sing
And we can celebrate by dancing in the streets
Your music, your legacy, Rest In Beats!
I'm sick of the scenario man I'm buggin' out
So let's go, let's get loud, let's shout
Nothing but love, yes the good die young
Forever finds a way, your songs will be sung
September now, always got me thinking of you
Remembering the hard times you helped me through
It wasn't your move, but the way you moved me
Your music, your legacy, Rest In Beats!

[Outro: C-Doc]
Apache, Baatin, Big Bank Hank
Big D The Impossible, Big DS
Big L, Big Pun, Buffy from The Fat Boys
Camu Tao, Capital Steez, Charizma
Chris Lighty, Cowboy, DJ Crazy Toones
Dj Screw, Dj Train, DTTX
Eazy E, Educated Rapper, Eyeda
Fat Pat, Father Shaheed, Freaky Tah
Frosty Freeze, Guru, Heavy D, Hussein Fatal
Jacka, Jam Master Jay, Jay Dee
Johnny J, KMG, Kool DJ AJ Scratch
Larry Smith, Left Eye, Lord Infamous
Mac Daddy, Chris Kelly, Mac Dre, Mark B
Master Don, Mausberg, MC Breed
MC Supreme, MC Trouble, MCA
Mike Ski, Mixmaster Spade, Mr. Magic
Ms. Melodie, Nate Dogg
Notorious B.I.G. and Nujabes
Ol Dirty Bastard
Party Arty, Paul C, Phife Dawg
Pimp C, Prince B, Prodigy, Professor X
Proof, Pumpkinhead, Rammellzee, Roc Raida
Scott La Rock, Sean Price, Shawty Lo
Special One, Stretch, Subroc, Sugar Shaft
Sylvia Robinson up at Sugar Hill
Tim Dog, Tony D, Too Poetic
Trouble T-Roy, 2Pac and Yusef Afloat
My Brother DLX
Teena Marie, Lonnie Lynn, Jimmy Castor
Gil Scott Heron, James Brown
David Bowie, Gary Shider
Prince, Isaac Hayes
Yo, Rest In Beats
Mrs. Anna Drayton
Mr. Lorenzo Ridenhour...

That's why you wanna...