[Intro: Ras Kass]
*toilet flushing*
It's all fucked up now
Fuck you s'posed to do?
It's all fucked up now
Fuck it, cut your wrist, yo

[Verse 1: Ras Kass]
When I spit, it's almost like aiming guns at fools
Don't waste your rap career on that journey
I kill a mic like Run the Jewels
I kill a mic like Conrad Murray
Picture this getting ugly, call it Dorian Gray
Midichlorians the force is strong, it's sorry to say
You two buffoons trust the snake and bit the apple
And niggas ain't laughing with you, niggas is laughing at you
These rappers got whack hit songs and I congrat' you
No disrespect, don't get upset when I don't dab you
And no I'm not hating, I just don't feel that shit
Cause every song end up uh sounding like this, turn up
Turn that shit off, though I'll be where the lyrics at
To pussy [?] no subscription to Miramax
I wear your wifey out like a pair of slacks
Like Google Maps nigga, this is where it's at

[Chorus: Ras Kass]
Flush it all down that shit and that's the downward spiral
Suicide or life kid, you might go viral
What goes up, must come down
What the fuck you s'posed do? It's all fucked up now
Flush it all down that shit and that's the downward spiral
Suicide or life kid, you might go viral
What goes up, must come down
What the fuck you s'posed do? It's all fucked up now

[Verse 2: Freddie Foxxx/Bumpy Knuckles]
Sick with the rhyming, abusing my time and
I'm [?] my music is timeless
Rhymes from the analog bulldog with long fangs
I [?] at rappers who say the wrong thangs
Bad for the hunted, good for the hunter
These dot com lyrics helped it with the hollow point scream smash
Now it's back to the follow point green cash
Gun butted, you got a mean gash
Faceplate broke on the floor, you start to bleed fast
Saves ain't save in the floor, we need to re-stash
Brick robbers, send bombs to the laptop of bitch bloggers
Trained in the backyard, no Sim card
Wombat shit and stand in the gym hard
[?], no raincoat
This is the day yo, you part of the gang? No
The crack and the shots ran ma, wee should hang, no?
Rapped in confederate, [?] it
Straight through 100s of terabytes of all the shit you bite
MC from era of spitting right, shit was tight
Ras Kass is like

[Chorus: Ras Kass]
Flush it all down that shit and that's the downward spiral
Suicide or life kid, you might go viral
What goes up, must come down
What the fuck you s'posed do? It's all fucked up now
Flush it all down that shit and that's the downward spiral
Suicide or life kid, you might go viral
What goes up, must come down
What the fuck you s'posed do? It's all fucked up now

[Verse 3: Fredro Starr of ONYX]
I got so many rhymes I could fill up a gigabite
No publishing, the way these fucking niggas bite
Rappers don't even know who they writers
All this whack shit gave my computer the virus
Niggas sending threats to the G-Mail
That ain't gangsta, only thing you blasting is the e-mail
Hip-hop is so suicidey
Rest in peace turned to both out blue, tidy

[Sticky Fingaz of ONYX]
If I was a singer, I'd be Tony Soprano
I'm the fingers on all keys on Beethoven's piano
I'm not a rapper motherfucker, when I told you I rhymed
[?] never saw that 9
I turn you red, black, fed green, my bullets is aqua
Where the bread at? If I rob you I only be practicing
Cause in this world, fuck what a nigga say
I never wrote a will cause that's a dead giveaway