[Intro]
Alright.. Hahaha!
Yeah, show these niggas what it is
Rock, to the beat (Ha ha)
Bump, Knux, in the booth, rockin
Yo..

[Verse One]
These niggas wanna be me, huh, life real
With a no-end policy and, mic skills
I feel like when I'm, on-stage then I'm
Bumpy Obama with bars that I pen out
Before I get out, I spit out the pain
That I been through the last twenty years (word)
Change amongst hip-hop peers, I got eyes, I got ears
I ain't dumb, where I'm from, loyalty is rare
And that's fair in the ghetto
Like street ball double dribble
Like walls of graffiti scribble
Like c-lo triples, back to back
Over Preemo, I got it and mashed the packs
And everyday we hustlin, grindin
Watchin old niggas we fed side-windin
I draw a fine line, if you cross it, B
Over ya head in the casket where the cross'll be, word up!

[Hook: Bumpy Knuckles] (DJ Premier cuts and scratches)
I'm tryin to take it.. (take it...)
Take it to the top
("Whatcha game be like?"- Clipse)
("Move back, we attack" - Prodigy)
("But this industry'll play with ya life, man" - Rakaa Iriscience)
I'm tryin to take it.. (take it...)
Take it to the top
("Whatcha game be like?")
("Move back, we attack")
("But this industry'll play with ya life, man")

[Bumpy Knuckles]
When I was young, I had a premonition
That my mission would be, to body competition
And while I'm tryin to take it to the top
Every level is a bottom with a battle on it - haha, who really want it?
BOW~! Hit you with the long of ether, now you left blown
Only one speaker, alright? Me! All night G
On stage with a vest under a white tee, on my whole team
Elevated levels of mind states and age brackets
Don't mean that I won't clap it (POW!)
And where the elevated mind state shows up at
Is when I murder you, I won't rap it
And never let, these niggas get comfortable, playin you out
Think about what you say, or I'm layin you out
Hands up for the culture and everybody that's true to it
Watch what you let people do to it

[Hook] (DJ Premier cuts and scratches)

[Outro]
Ha ha ha!
Feel good, word
Salute DJ Premier, that's my nigga