ESG
All aboard! Haha, foo, ain’t nothing but a G ride
So, uh, pack ya bags, get your sweets and your zig-zags
Just jump in

[Big Moe]
(Ooooh, ooh, ooh, ooooh, yeah)
(nothing like that G ride, baby, yeah!)
(nothing like that G riiide, yeah, oooh yeah!)

[Verse 1: ESG]
Up, early, to wash my face
Probation was the place
Before I blow out tha door, vibration on my waist
Now that’s my fool, what’s the rule?
Go to jail if I miss?
I might as well post bail, cuz ima fail If I piss
I hit the highway, the fly way, as the wind blows
I got that indo, some gin ho
So I’m gonna spin vogues. (ooh, wee, baby, yeeah)
And blowin’, while this pimp game is steady showin
Sun beamin and screamin, while these slim things is strollin
High shinin green the skunk, we some fiends for the funk
Im cracking the ground in, these poundin’ four 15’s in my trunk
Cuz ima baller til I die, I think I’ll call her cuz im high, (cuz im high)
Late night hype so tight, these suckas be goin’ down, I can’t lie
But I’m right about now, dem hoes is gone so it’s on
Might as well just get gone and get, like, trapped in the zone. (the zone)
Cuz I got tha automatic fo’ the static inside
I’m getting fried and high, (im getting fried, baby)
Mothafucka, it’s nothing but a g ride

Chorus x 4

I hit a, curb, swiggity swerve, see u fiendin’ fo’ it
Folks scream, “it’s smoke!” sun beamin’ locs
But I let the top down, I can’t stop now
15’s bang, about to knock the block down
U wanna see the E? then ima hit cha
The mack 11 hit cha, while the rotweiler bit cha
(??) devils do drop, with a new Glock
It’s a red, not a blue dot, slowed down 2Pac
Fingerprints and dirty sheets (slowed down, slowww down, yeah) on the first day
Celebrate my birthday, in tha worst way
I’m on lock, no block, no boys on my block
The dope case in my face, the fence was too high to hop
The matchbox of rocks, now crooked cops can’t stop, (nothing but that G ride, baby)
Lord, help a young nigga make it to his next box
Smoking a sweet, poking at freaks got me weak inside, (oh baby!)
Locked up for 18 months, but I ain’t crunk
It’s nothing but a G ride

Chorus x 4