[Verse 1: K-Rino]
I don't brag about cars and I don't brag about clothes
I don't call women tramps, sluts, bitches or hoes
I don't sell out, kiss ass or ball like a kid
But I bet the radio would bump my shit if I did
You see, I'm standing deep up in your face today
The realest lyricist dropping atomic verses till you waste away
Suckers are tame when I spit the game
Aggravated narrator, metamorphosise into a human flame
Battles intense, never straddle the fence
The radio hating me cause I chose knowledge over nonsense
It's K-Rino in case you don't recognize the tone
I terrorize your zone while my foe dies alone
I do this well while y'all scared to fail
Putting a 100 different fools on your shit to try to make it sell
Killers I'm drafting, cutting snitches in half when
Agitated I'm smashing, do it sound like I'm laughing?
At random, dropping miscellaneous destruction
Causing opponents to suffer spontaneous combustion
Fraud rapper found dead, bucked by the song capper
His tombstone read, "He fucked with the wrong rapper"

[Hook 2X: K-Rino]
So why y'all wanna hate
When you know that I'ma wreck these fools straight up out the gate
Why you wanna hate
When you know that I'm gonna do them boys twenty times straight?

[Verse 2: K-Rino]
This magazine wrote they fifty best rappers ever, but brother
That list don't mean shit if I ain't on that motherfucker
Not conceited, I'm straight up convinced that I can rip
My brain emptying verses like killers emptying clips
When he slips, he plummets, 90 feet down to the hole
Blacker than triple darkness, drama, a 100 fold
Shocking electric currents invading the hater's chest
Mad lyrical bullets penetrating the hater's vest
Virtually impossible to analyse the level
Some of these fools' actions be equivalent to the Devil
I'm ripping, clicking that's it, he ripping busting your shit
The wacker these motherfuckers rap the more love that they get
I come straight out my folder with my old school speech
50 rhymes for 10 punks, I crack 'em 5 times each
Close your eyes and make a wish, open 'em up when you're through
But if I'm standing in your face that mean the shit ain't come true
So tell me

[Hook 2X: K-Rino]
So why y'all wanna hate
When you know that I'ma wreck these fools straight up out the gate
Why you wanna hate
When you know that I'm gonna do them boys twenty times straight?

[Verse 3: K-Rino]
Can I make this situation better before it get tight?
Can I do this motherfucker without taking his life?
Can I get myself in line? Can I just have a sign?
Can I go 24 hours without thinking 'bout dying?
Should I go and bust this faker for the lies that he told?
Should I act like I ain't tripping, then just let it unfold?
Should I check 'em if he bumping, when I know that he fraud?
Can I try to please the people without turning on God?
See I just need me 5 grand so I can turn it to 10
Once I get that 10 grand, then I'm gon' flip it again
If I ever touch that million, they gon' think that I'm through
But them haters gonna be stressing once I turn it to 2
I said them haters gonna be stressing once I turn it to 2
Them haters gonna be stressing once I turn it to 2
Them haters gonna be stressing once I turn it to 2
Them haters gonna be stressing, let them boys know Screw

[Outro: DJ Screw]