One two, one two in the place to be
Just open your eyes and you will see
That I'm the Chief Dominator called Kool Rock-Ski
And to my side, the Prince of Rap, Prince Markie Dee
And we're back with rhymes galore coming out the back door
To show you our devastating creation to rock-shock the nation
[?] four, five, six [?] people's [?]
He's our Cutmaster, DJ Doc Nice

Our DJ is a music generator
Cut specialist when he's on the cross-fader
A masterpiece rocker, rhythm powerlord
Defends with his music, he doesn't need a sword
His mixes are precise, he'll never do it twice
He's our Cutmaster, DJ Doc Nice

To never bite a mix is his only occupation
He practices for hours to make his own creation
His music is possessive (his cuts are aggressive)
B-boy is his style (?)
And if you should miss him (at any extension)
That way he [?] a set (there's no competition)
High potent energy (for a musical treat)
Doc Nice;s on the wheels (and he can't be beat)
By any DJ (that's in his way)
Like a lion don't play (you know he will slay)
So say what you want (if you dare)
Doc Nice's on the wheels so you better beware!

Number one DJ, ace in the place
Throw up with the bass while he plays in your face
Enthusiasm grows as he motivates the crowd
Tension seems low as the music goes loud
For some DJs it's a hopeless dream
But for DJ Doc it's an everyday scene!
His versatile style is on top of the pile
Because [?] display will attract your smile
To other DJs he will over compare
For a normal living person, he's too [?] to bare
Movement of your arms, bumpin' in the fly
By now you will have noticed, he's not your average guy
It's not synthesized, but a hardcore scratch
It's all locked up so turn the key and flip a latch
To turn up the volume and boost up the bass
And hear a real definition of rock the place!

Ladies and gentlemen, right about this time
On the wheels of steel, all the way live
We call him, the ox that rocks
Better known as the Human Beat Box
But otherwise known as DJ Doctor Nice
The real Cutmaster
And my name is, the Prince Markie Dee
And I'll be the dominator of [?]
Kool Rock-Ski, and we are...
The Fat Boys, you know we're down by law

In the engineer room right about this time
[?] what's up homeboy?
KB rock the house!
Kurtis Blow, Kurtis Blow, wake up man, why you sleeping?
Gettin' that good stuff in effect, huh?
Number one producer, no one gets looser
The man we call KB, better known as Kurtis Blow
And he didn't ask us to say that

I wear Adidas!
I wear Puma!
Stop lyin' you don't wear [?]
Forget about it, I'm an Adidas man
I wear Adidas everyday
The Human Beat Box wears Pro Keds
I wear Nikes!