Games females play, games females play
Games females play, games females play

I'm Gigolette and I'm hear to say
Something about the games we females play
Just take a look around and you will see
That playing the role comes naturally
And it doesn't matter how your men demand
Because we'll always know we're in command
One second we're hot, the next ice cold
And with a wink of the eye we can take control

Games females play, games females play
Games females play, games females play

The moment we girls meet a brand new man
We're scheming how to get him in the palm of our hand
The femininity, we flaunt and flirt
And pretty soon we're getting everything we want
So sweet and petite and without a chase
We can lie and at the same time keep a straight face
And when it comes to lovin', we hold the thrown
And that's the reason why your man can't leave us alone

Games females play, games females play
Games females play, games females play

Come play a game with me
If you can't handle it let it be

(PHONE RINGS)
Hello Gina? (Speaking)
It's [?] Guess who I have a date with tonight? (Who?)
Billy Dee ([?] Billy Dee, oh my goodness, I can't believe it!)
The one and only
Yeah, I'll have him in the palm of hands by tonight
Meet me at the [?] tomorrow and I'll let you know what happens
(Girl, I'll be there!)

You give your lady no respect
You're boasting and you're begging that you got in her check
So you're messing around all over town
But in reality it's the other way around
So don't be so blind, open up your eyes
Fellas take the time to realize
That when you're never at home, always out past 4
She's been waiting [?] in next door
Checkbooks, [?], C.O.D
Tell me how much money you gonna spend on me?
I like gowns of silk and gowns of lace
The most expensive makeup for my face
So wine me, dine me, show me right
I gotta champagne and caviar appetite
Those real fine lines that a woman say
It's all in the game that the female plays

Games females play, games females play
Games females play, games females play

Gentlemen, I think you better think twice
Before you start to play you better take my advice
Remember that one day the tables will turn
That when a woman starts to [?] you're about to get burned
A mystery you'll never understand
How one female could overpower a man
So easily, well what can I say?
It's all in the games that the female plays

Games females play, games females play
Games females play, games females play

I'm gonna play those games on you
I'm gonna play those games on you
There ain't nothing you can do
When a woman wants her way, it's all in the game she plays
She'll flirt, she'll scheme
Boy she's mean, she's the [?] every man's dream
Gonna play those games on you
There ain't nothing you can do
About those games!

Here comes Gigolette
Hi girls! (I heard you had a date last night?)
The best thing, the easiest thing I've ever done
Girl, we had champagne, caviar [?]
I'm telling you girls take it from me
All you gotta do is play the game
Be a female you can do anything!
Here comes Billy Dee!
(Hey ladies how ya doing?)
(Hey Gigolette, you ready?) Yeah, I'll see you girls later
(By ladies...What were you and your girlfriends talking about?)
About those games we females play
(Yeah I can dig it, just don't play no games on me girl)
You know I wouldn't do a thing like that