Problems of the world today!
Ohh, [?] problem again!
I've got a headache!!

[DLB]
I'm living just to die without any feelings
So I wait here for my maker til it's time to go
Ask someone about the time and slip in "Can you spare a dime"?
For asking where I heard it, I just don't know
I need someone to talk to to try to ease some pressure
Off my mind because times are rough nowadays
I got a high school diploma and I'm very ambitious
So why oh why do I live this way?
These things called computers does the thinking for a man
Leaving one man all the buttons while unemployed again
Should have trained with computers in some college course
So when I play the game of life just maybe I'd win
With the...
(Problem!) Education!
(Problem!) Unemployment!
(Problem!) We got too many!
(Problems of the world today!)

[Tito]
Daddy we had fun the weekend that just passed
Mommy's brother came to visit while you were away
I know why you look puzzled, I was shocked myself
I didn't know I had an uncle until Friday
I was really glad I met him, but places Mommy pet him
[?] both the ugly faces so they went in the back
Thought it was kinda crazy but I know as a fact
That there's no way in the world I'd kiss my sister like that
What do you mean she has no brother?
I saw himself, and we can go check with mother just to see what she'll say
Thought you would be glad to know I had an uncle
Didn't know you'll come home and beat my mommy that way
(Problem!) [?]!
(Problem!) Jealous [?]!
(Problem!) We got too many!
(Problems of the world today!)

[Mike C]
[?] drank up all the milk so she went to the store
Leaving her son alone in the house that day
Never crossed her mind that something could go wrong
Think of the man before you [?] only joke and play
When she returned home tears fled from her eyes
As she witnessed her son laid out on the floor
The man stood above him with a black leather strap
And she grabbed a butcher knife and said "Don't hit him anymore"
The neighbors called the cops and the boy survived
But that experience will always leave his mind in gloom
And if you wanna meet the man who would do such a thing
He lives [?] locked in his rubber room, with mental
(Problem!) Child abusin'!
(Problem!) He got too many!
(Problem!) He got to solve them!
(Problems of the world today!)

[Peso]
I wanna be somebody can you understand that?
You see I'm livin' two lives I go to work and school
My friends say I'm crazy to try so hard
Instead of being with my girl I must be some fool
If I quit my school there goes an education
Which leaves me no pearl in my future world
And if I walk from a job cannot afford [?]
For myself or her, I may lose my girl
After working and reading [?]
I need to [?] others just to make love
I think about to fall flat on my face
And send high praise to the man above
(Problem!) Relationships!
(Problem!) Strenuous!
(Problem!) Got too many!
(Problems of the world today!)

Hey yo, what's up fellas
Yo man I just got laid off last week
You think it's bad for him, my girl just left me, for what could have been a homo
Yo homeboy, that's just a few of the problems of the world today
Word!

[DLB]
Next door is the big house that's owned by the Jones'
To a little brown shack that's owned by mad
I get so mad every time that I see him
So I guess deep down that's called envy
I walk out every morning 'for I drive in my car
The old horse and buggy I should say it is
Compared to the new car of Mr. Jones
When my car is 12 years older than his
I'll just live in my house and I'll be alright
And the old Cadillac still gets me around
While I lift the phonograph and listen to a song
Titled don't let the Jones' get you down
(Problem!) Jealousy!
(Problem!) Envious!
(Problem!) Got too many!
(Problems of the world today!)

[Tito]
On the park bench people pointin' their fingers
Talkin' about everyone that walks down the street
They pose as they your friends to get into your business
But they start investigatin' from the time you meet
The tell this one more [?] and tell you what they said
And that's the way he-say-she-say starts
And then comes the fight [?] by the lies
And the nosy [?] just forgets their parts
I live quite secluded, I keep to myself
I only tell people what I want them to know
Although I get friendly, I won't get personal
Because one never knows who's friend or foe
(Problem!) [?]!
(Problem!) Backstabbin'!
(Problem!) Got too many!
(Problems of the world today!)

[Mike C]
Sittin' on the street corner to earn a fast buck
Paranoid of the police because of what I sell
Keep a low profile and hidin' my product
Because if I'm caught then here comes hell
Spending hours getting booked and my bail let out
And I hope my Legal Aid lawyer don't fail
I mean as my mouthpiece at my court date
Cause I can get from one to five in jail
As I start to think about it, I should leave this mess
Turn law and get a job because I know that I can
A 9 to 5 looks good but so does the streets
And man doesn't rule money, but money rules man!
(Problem!) Paranoid!
(Problem!) Tough decision!
(Problem!) Got too many!
(Problems of the world today!)

[Peso]
That girl over there has a fair money status
But she always stealin' something when you turn your back
She needs someone's attention, most likely it's her parents
So from being ignored, she's a kleptomaniac
The things she may steal she could afford to buy 'em
But the girls so sick she'll grab in a wink
Although [?] I can't understand that, she'll take anything and all except the kitchen sink
Why can't her parents understand her? At least try to
With professional help, she'll be alright
That is the turn in the better direction so maybe she won't pick up everything in sight
(Problem!) Neglected!
(Problem!) Klepto!
(Problem!) Got too many!
(Problems of the world today!)