[Lovebug Starski]
Well, hello everybody! How ya been?
It's Starski and I'm back again
Wit' a true, true story to tell you all
And if you listen to me, you're gonna have a ball
First you dive with the dip, dip with the dive
Clean out your ears, and you open your eyes
'Cause I'm the L-O-V-E B-U-G
Rockin' it in rhythm and harmony
See I'm snug as a bug, like to be hugged
And that's why the ladies call me the Lovebug
On, on, on-on and on
At the Fever, a-to the break o' dawn
Yes yes ya'll, a-keep goin' strong
(At the Fever!) A-right where I belong
Put your hand on your hip or let your backbone slip
The metal on the pedal, the heat in the beat
'Cause the people in the back, they not the wack wack
The people in the front, let's do the bump bump
The people on the side, hey, take a ride
The people in the middle, let me see you wiggle
All together now, on time ya'll
You just look in the sky, look in the tree
Who do you see? (Starski!)
Who do you see? (Starski!)
A little Baw-ba-ba-baw, ba-baw, ba-baw-ba-baw-ba
Baw-ba-ba-baw, ba-baw, ba-baw-ba-baw-ba
Baw-ba-ba-baw, ba-baw-ba-dang-a-dang-a
Diggy diggy diggy diggy dang, hey
Hip, hop, shoo bop da bop
It's the Lovebug, and I'm guaranteed to rock
See you paid your money as a donation
To hear the best sounds in the Fever!
A creation, a-yes-yes, ya'll
A-young lady, don't you act crazy
Homeboys, you know you got to make some noise
Say: Hey money money, hey money money money!
(Hey money money, hey money money money!)
A-come on now: Hey money money, hey money money money!
(Hey money money, hey money money money!)
Somebody scream! (Wooooooo!)
A little hip, hop, da hib bip a-hop, da hop, da hop
Hibby dibby hibby dibby hibby
Then you rock the hip, and then you rock the hop
And you make sure you make your body rock
A little hip, hop, da hibbity da hibbity, hip hip a hop
A-hit-a-little-hit-a-little
Hip, hop, da-hib bip a-hop
You don't, you don't, you don't, you don't mess with the
Baw-ba-ba-baw-ba-dang-a-dang-diggy-diggy
Baw-ba-ba-baw-ba-dang-a-you need a
Baw-ba-ba-baw, shoo bop da bop
Cause I'm guaranteed to make your body rock
At the Fever, they give me no breather!
At the Fever, we make you a believer!