[Hook: DOLLABiLLGATES]
My cellphone ringin’ every 7 minutes (hello)
I’m on here on my grind, chasin’ 7 digits (oh)
I can’t waste no time, man, I gotta get it
I ain’t even count it yet, I already spend it!
My cellphone ringin’ every 7 minutes (hello)
I’m on here on my grind, chasin’ 7 digits (oh)
I can’t waste no time, man, I gotta get it
I ain’t even count it yet, I already spend it!

[Verse 1: DOLLABiLLGATES]
Ridin’ ’round my city in a 100 Gs
30 bitches on my dick, I feel like Lil’ B
Damn, Based God, look at that paint job (damn!)
I took my ghetto bitch to Wingstop
My phone still ringin’ and it won’t stop, nah!
Think I’ll buy an extra phone for the extra guap
Phonebook paper in my pocket, homie
I can’t even fold the motherfuckin’ profit on me!
Quit callin’ my phone if you ain’t talkin’ business
I’m out here on my grind, chasin’ 7 digits

[Hook: DOLLABiLLGATES]

[Verse 2: 2 Chainz]
I already spend it, denim True Religion
Give 7 minutes, I can pull me 7 bitches
Plus I got a 7 in my Gucci tennis
Drop this shit off, I need a pooper-scooper with me
If you was with me, all you gotta do is do it with me
If you act right, I’ll take you to the movies with me (get it?)
The work here so I got that phone call…
I meant to say that bird call
I count money every night until I doze off
Ridin’ in the Jeep with the doors off
Got them 26s, so I took the 4s off
If I put the jewelry on, we done had a froze off
I do it for the Southside, spell it with an “F”
And the “F” stands for “Yeah, you fuckin’ with the best”

[Hook: DOLLABiLLGATES]

[Verse 3: DOLLABiLLGATES]
Walk up in the club, lookin’ like a rapper
$30,000 all twenties, feeling like a trapper
We just wanna pour up that Ciroc, hoe
Why the fuck you think I brought this extra guap for?
A 100 miseed calls and they still text
20 bottles later I will still flex
My phone don’t get no service in the VIP
Her phone don’t get no service when she be with me, no!
We was bending corners in my Flying Spur
She never seen a car where the floor’s fur
My phone’s still ringin’, I can’t answer, though
I spent a lot of money, I ain’t count it, though
My cellphone ringing every 7 minutes
I’m out here on my grind, chasin’ 7 digits!

[Hook: DOLLABiLLGATES]