[Sampled Hook]
Gettin em, gettin em, getting em
Gettin em, gettin em, getting em
Gettin em, gettin em, getting em

[Verse 1: 2 Chainz]
I said baby I’m ready, I got work on the Scale-y (Scale-y)
Still got it maid like I stayed at the telly!
OK, I know that you fear me
I won’t come down ‘til you feel it
Put your back in the flo', put your feet near the ceiling!
Now you know I’m the realest gotta handle my bidness
You got your girl on lock, I pay her conjugal visits
You know my campaign, I support strippers
Got a table of ones, I use pyrex for my dishes (TRUUU)
OK, I've been on my job, and they switched the position
Yeah, I got my ends up and it’s just the beginning!
You say you do it, I did it, and you know that I’m with it
I got a bitch in your city, that got a bitch in yo city!

[Verse 2: Sammie]
I step in the club…fresh as a mug
Everywhere I go bad bitches want hugs
These niggas MEAN MUG, Yeah, they be trippin
Cause they see you popping bottles, but they ain’t sippin!
I just pa it to that … red bomb right beside me
She pas it to that cutie that we met right in the lobby
Yeah, my hotel, take you back to my hotel…
..says she wanna see my hotel!

[Pre-Hook]
Gotta a nigga like hey oh, hey oh
Let’s… a bottle so we can have a little fun!
Got a nigga like hey oh, hey oh
..cause I’ll be

[Sampled Hook] (2x)

I be gettin' 'em girls, yeah!

[Verse 3: Sammie]
They say they don’t
But I know they will, so squeeze in these two seat
And baby let’s feel!
She says she wanna have fun
And her friends do too
…shots of tequila make her do what she do!
..we’re heading back to the condo, head it back to my baby
..we gonna be like a Congo!
Yeah, yeah, yeah we rode like..
When we down we want some more
..my attention, since I saw you on the floor!

[Pre-Hook]
Gotta a nigga like hey oh, hey oh
Let’s… a bottle so we can have a little fun!
Got a nigga like hey oh, hey oh
..cause I’ll be

[Sampled Hook]

[Bridge]
I see ‘em girls, addicted girls
And when I leave, best believe I ain’t leaving alone!
I know it might sound crazy, but I’m on her
She got that ass on it
And I want her, I want her!
Yeah! I get my niggers, we get ‘em figures
..what ‘em girls like, that’s why we get ‘em, get ‘em!
I know ‘e boys mad, but why? Cause I be...

[Sampled Hook]