[Intro]
Yo.. Jump (jump, jump)
Jump, jump (jump, jump)
Jump (jump, jump)
Jump, jump (jump, jump)

[Verse 1]
I am so hot, I need a fever reducer
If you don’t like me, then you do not like the truth
Jump in the coupe, I just might jump off the roof
I just might land in the bushes, I just might jump out and shoot
Might get your bitch on the poop, then I’ma get with the [?]
This is an FN, it do not take long to shoot
I did this shit with my crew, my favorite number is two
I got two bitches with me, we been kickin' it since two
Wildin’ on 22s, ever since I was 22
Shoot your ass up with a .22, they with me and fading 22
Nigga talking bout the get hoes, talking bout they got plenty hoes
Every month I can fuck 20 hoes, and it ain’t even that many holes
I’m a beast
I’m a beast in the streets, I’m a beast off the leash, I’m a beast on your bitch
She drinking Sex on the Beach, just to have sex on the beach
I just bought a crib in Florida, just to have sex on the beach
This here ain’t nothin’ to me, I’m always reppin’ the streets
I am so high, you gon’ need steps when you steppin’ to me
Real as can be, put your hands up if you’re feelin’ the beat
It’s goin’ down, we done finally got it right off the ground

[Interlude]
Jump (jump, jump)
Jump (jump, jump, jump)
Jump, jump (jump, jump, jump)
Jump, jump (jump, jump, jump)

[Hook]
Hell is you sayin'? I am the man (jump)
Hell is you sayin'? I am the man (jump)
Hell is you sayin'? I am the man (jump)

[Verse 2]
Coming in here, bitches are singing like [?]
While all you niggas is singing light skinned
But it’s too late, uh, sweet like a tooth ache
Pop at your toupee, pull out some deuce
Go to your funeral, take me a bouquet, throw it up like it’s hooray
Switch up the beach, switch up the foreign
What is y’all doing, what is you pourin’?
Why is he snorin’?
Why is he tourin’, that nigga is borin’
Now why is he tourin’? Now answer that question
Didn’t get an answer, so leave me a message

[Skit]
"(Pring!) Um, it Tittie boi, leave your name at the beep (Beep!)"
"Hey bro, this Skater, bro
I really feel lame, bro, leavin’ a message, bro
But look, we up here in the studio, bro
These motherfuckers jumpin’ (Jump!)
Eyo, like, really pull up bro
A couple niggas up in here, and they gon' run out with the swag, bro - nah for real!"

[Hook]

[Outro]
Hell is you sayin', bitch I'm the man, I'm the man
Bitch, I'm the man, I'm the man
Hell is you sayin', bitch I'm the man, I'm the man
Bitch, I'm the man
Hell is you sayin', bitch I'm the man, I'm the man
Hell is you sayin', bitch I'm the man, I'm the man
Bitch, I'm the man, I'm the man