[Verse 1: Emilio Rojas]
Listen, I'm the rock town presidente, kid
Uptown where they sippin' presidentes, it's
The E, to the M-I
Sit in the back of the redeye plane
The way that I'm living you better
Be getting my ass in the penthouse suite
Ain't no leasing, no, I need to own
I put a bitch on silent, just like a cheater's phone
Hush! Nobody want to hear it
We gonna run up in your crib with a bunch of kings and they fully bearded
They half Hispanic and Half American, fully arrogant
I was born to a virgin homie, I know my heritage
Single mother, I don't know what a marriage is
I ain't heard from God or my father, I think they both abandoned us
The game is made up of a bunch of bitches
Cuz all I see is a hundred zeroes doing zero to a hundred mixes
No unconditional love, homie, there's one condition
I need a moment of silence after I'm fucking finished
Bang!

[Verse 2: Dreezy]
Let me go and kill it one time
I been thumbing through the paper like the Sun Times
I look inocent when I wear my bobs and weaves
But the way I bob and weave
You get flatlined by a punchline
These niggas ain't the greatest like Scotty Pippen
I feel like the truth and I mean more than the definition
I got the heat that'll make LeBron come back
They come to Dreez for the spins: I'm a laundromat
You bring that beef like burgers, we'll body your five guys
I'm a dog but I be living life like I got 9 lives
Rappers want me on the track, but askin' if I got a verse to send
Just in case they want to go and write their verse again
It's evident my intelligence got them jealous
They tell me I got potential, I feel like they need development
I body rappers and leave them there with a skeleton
Felon, but I ain't telling I'm ending veterans' relevance

[Verse 3: Dillon Cooper]
Yo, I'm bringing it back, because my flow's tight
I break bars quicker than body parts
You get cracked with a chrome pipe
Same hustler's on my block since I was a youngin
Used to call me Tony Hawk cause I was skatin' instead of thuggin'
And that's word life
My tongue switch words like white chicks with scoliosis
Giving [?] in the back of the whip on the turnpike
Dark Knight, fix you a knuckle sandwich that's on site
Don't play yourself homey, man I'm the wrong type
To mess with
Blow your candles out, that's a death wish
Introspection, De La Soul said I'm next, man
[?] killer monumental [?]
Could be Nas' apprentice
Oh see my knowledge complex like forensics
You can't compare my style to no nigga
My steez Versace, and y'all Forever 21 like gold diggers
So knuckle up, if you think that you can hang
And if not, then let me do my thing

[Verse 4: Jace Two-9]
I was off [?] Sunday morning with a thirty
Crosses on my denim
[?] got me feeling holy
Hustled on me rolley
So fuck what the teachers told me
Hood nigga out in Beverly Hills, Axel Foley
Came down like rain how these girls see me they wet
In H-town with a [?] now, pipe down cause I'm next
This way or a that a way
You madder than a hatter, say
Boondock saint, cause I said later with the latter day
I can make your girl [?] sing Donnie Hathaway
She no answer when her phone ring, cause she banging me
Like she Uncle Ben
Ask my nines, any girl I'm with a fucking ten
I said I'm either going off or I'm going in
I said I'm either doing dope or I'm counting ends
Joey, Rachel, Chandler, Ross, we just fucking friends
Now she want to touch again
After that I'm gonna pass her back, like I'm Peyton Man
[?] uber-maneuver how we gonna move
Finally call Johnny and tell him it's time to move now
Fiends hold the weed, them coppers we acting too wild
Bust a rhyme, we the leaders of the new school now
With this mic I will [?] just for me and mine
Pockets flexed up no creatine
Man, where I'm at? Boy I'm sipping shine
Pour 4-4's, Mike Jones, man I'm sipping fine
I'm a giver, flexing up, sipping wine
Only hit Lennox up for jeans and a finish line
Don't worry about me or my life of crime
Girl is bad as Rita Ora for oral at dinner time

[Verse 5: Conceited]
Young tatted nigga, who fly as fuck
Whip got hoes in it like a fire truck
Why would I not bring the cash out
When the shoes cost a bando like a trap house
Nothing but gold on a nigga
I don't deal with sterling, I'm so like the Clippers
I'm a spitter, rhyming with these bars
I'm in a class by myself like a retard
Spent cheese on hi-tops, I got guap
The way I'm balling haters wish I had a shot clock
I don't deal with short stacks, I ain't IHOP
Money like Visine, see what I drop?
My Glock is on me, though
Here to pop a nigga like the Maury show
And she like Comcast, cause she on demand
Cause I'm balling like a bitch, Juwanna Mann

[Verse 6: Andy Mineo]
Mama said I was headed for prison, causing mischief
Doing what I saw on television, I
Wanted that KFC living, you know
Riding around with a biscuit in a bucket with a couple chickens
What would you do if I told you that [?] was true religion?
You would probably ask me how they fit in
It's cool if you searching for God, then y'all with it
But the moment you said you found Him
All the sudden you tripping
I think God's giving all these rappers all this
To make them think about the lyrics they recorded
They like "Look back at it. Look back."
It's cool until your baby girl's on the other side of that statement
Uptown they be puffing on the marley
Sipping on the latest like the car's so tardy
And corporations want money off of hip hop
That's why you get a Kendrick doll with your Barbie
That's that [?] my team winning
One sixteen we so storming they don't know us cause, uh
We been in the cut, that's neosporin, get familiar
We doper than a kilo of that foreign
And I'm feeling like I'm Jordan from that free throw
Dunking on this beat, though
Flowing on December go get your pico
Go ahead keep the ego stuff to yourself
Paint the big picture then rap the easel