[Intro ]
Yo this is that dungeon shit you know what I’m saying? That Bat Cave 9-2, RAD life you know. Coop Killa

[Verse 1 ]
Ayo you better flee, opps
Or get your head blown 3 blocks
No patience for suckers and busters get they knees popped
Ain't time for questions and answers, thats word to Iverson
I’m bout the game and y'all talking bout practice, come off them Reeboks
I’m bringing rap back, and I don’t need no backpack
Cause the homies got duffle bags, fuck a knapsack
Black kings, badmon fly like big wings
Locking shit down like solitary up in Xin Xing
Do re mi fa so la
I’m cosmic solar
Told the chola “hola”, then the next thing you know I’m all up in that chocha
Feel me?
Make shit pop and I ain't talking about a wheelie
Silly Dilly, I’m so crazy, wavy, 90’s baby
Flaming niggas like a god, I’m bout to tell 'em call me Hades
Maybe then they’ll think I’m hot off top
Let me stop,let it rock, no I’m not
Its politics as usual and I’ma state it now
I’m Gotham Citys saviour bow down

[Hook]
I’m in the cave nightly all black and they watching tryna know wassup
What up blood? What up cuz?
Hold up man you don’t even know me son, you just a joker
Riddle me this, riddle me that
Why you wanna know where I be at?
I be in that Bat Cave, all black
I be in that Bat Cave, all black

[Verse 2]
I’m in the dark of the cave with the bats, where the fortress at?
Got corpses with white tees and the air forces black
Who that? Who that? Rip track, boom bap, do rock
Can’t put me in a box, I got too many flavors right on deck
Check. Hilarious, these homies ask me if I’m still rapping
I should’ve said nah cause what I do is heavenly
Sent to me, its meant to be
In other words an entity
And if you ain’t my friend then you my motherfucking enemy
I’m ripping these niggas up limb for limb, how you think you compare to me?
Never look into my eyes I’ll turn you to stone; Medusa. You scared of me
Better stay up in your lane my nigga you lame you never compare to me
Not equal. Bow down, homie we not peoples
I think you got yourself into a situation
Holding conversations and know your limitations
Face it, you basic
Word to my mother you ain’t shit
Better remember that [?]

[Hook]
I’m in the cave nightly all black and they watching tryna know wassup
What up blood? What up cuz?
Hold up man you don’t even know me son, you just a joker
Riddle me this, riddle me that
Why you wanna know where I be at?
I be in that Bat Cave, all black
I be in that Bat Cave, all black

[Outro]
Its that dungeon shit you know? Its Coop Killer
Brooklyn really iller. Feel me?
Right, right. The RAD for all the game
Don't come here