Lucid dreams deep inside my fortress
Angelic voices and demons screaming that I'm so blessed
I'm always mentioned in these nightmares
Running from the mobs wearing robe and some nike airs

Forgive me, can i wake up?
This sleep is feeling fougazy
I know that i been a sinner but i just backed to shorty don't play me
Wanna be a rap superstar with a bad wife like I'm Jay-Z
But these bitches coming in drows so my mind fucked but fuck that

(Chorus 2x)
Ain't none of these niggas gon' have my back
Fuck that!
Ain't none of these niggas gon' have my back
By the time it's tough they running!
Talk about trust? don't trust nobody!
We don't trust em, we don't like 'em
We just fucking for the night, then we out
Thats the life, get it right


Asking 'bout my regrets
But that ain't none of ya' business
All the time they be scheming tho'
Never see 'em like fumettos [?]
LAME, just some shooties who don't be living so groovy
They hating cause I'm that nigga who their shortys they be wishing they was with
Im so fly
I top fakening it and then why [?]
Fresh prince steel'o
We know that all these niggas we know be fakening the funk [?]
What the fuck i go down [?]
Sonic boom
And these fools get k.o
Round my way, we don't play
So watch your step boy
Take your neck boy
Better respect what im doing
Who top shows what who's I go [?]
Smoke it purple with all my bro's
SOS, smoke out shit
Own in own, blowin o's [?]
Sober gone dizzy shit
O.B.O leaver shit
Until them bothers them haters praying them out of minds [?]
Fake niggas stop
They got extra vision see your disguise
So bye bye bye cause your not in sync with nigga like me my dude
Pay my bills
Ain't got time for none of ya' fools
RAD nigga know whats up

(Chorus 2x)
(ain't none of these niggas gon' have my back)
Fuck that
Ain't none of these niggas gon' have my back
By the time it's tough they running!
Talk about trust? don't trust nobody!
We don't trust em, we don't like 'em
We just fucking for the night, then we out
Thats the life, get it right