[Verse]
Who the fuck want war?
Fed Ex beef straight to your front door
It will be a murder scene
I'll turn Pink Friday into Friday the 13th
Alright you Little Kim clone clown
All this buffoonery, this shit stops now
Time for you to lay down, I'm sick of the frauds
I put hands on this bitch like a spa massage
We all know your last name is what got you your job
You a put together gimmick, something like a collage
Since you puttin on a show, you gon get the applause
Clap, clap, lift ya frame like a fucking garage?
This hood shit you and Drake ain't built for
This the shit this other bitch almost got killed for
I still counting what Hardcore generated
Bet my shit keeps spinning like its syndicated
Corny broad I'll leave you bloody like you menstruated
Your hot air ass, should have been deflated
This ain't a championship fight I been the greatest
See the fact is what you doing... I did it
Lames trying to clone my style and run with it
Thats cool. I was the first one with it
Yous a Lil' Kim wanna be, You just hate to admit it
I'm the blueprint, You ain't nothing brand new
Check ya posters and videos, You will always be number 2
I seen them come. I seen them go. Still I remain
Sweety you on your 14th minute of fame
Im over 10 year strong still running the game
Cut the comparison, I'm in the legendary lane
Fighting for a spot... Child please I'm solidified
With my hands tied, you couldn't beat me if you bitches tried
Either you high or sippin that shit Wayne on
I get top dollar for whatever my name on
Go stick your head in a tornado- Brainstorm
I drop bombs- Flex, Napalms
Black and yellow, we'll pull up in your ghetto
Giuseppes when I step out, posted up in stilettos
Pussy so pink like my kitty sayin hello
If I whistle they'll pistol whip you in all 5 boroughs
I'm from Brooklyn I be everywhere comfortably
Now who pumped you and told you to come romp with me?
You the type to run your mouth and then run from me
Im poppin off in your hood with no company
C'mon, Queens ain't showin you no love
I was there the other night poppin bottles with the thugs
You like Washington heffa I'm Benji
You got a buzz right now, I had a frenzy
Oh yeah welcome to the fam Fendi
You need to stop, you're not hot you're a burning match
That means the end is near soon, copy that?
Oh I see they really got you gassed, like Im a thing of the past
Betta slow down dummy, you about to crash
Stank pussy ho, Im givin you a bath
Thermometer in hand and I'm comin for you ass
Who you think you gettin passed?
I see right through you your whole shit is made of glass
[Clip of Nicki Minaj's 'Right Through Me']
I draw back
I'm a Brooklyn thorough bitch, rep for my borough bitch
Never been the type to have beef and try to settle shit
I ride out til the wheels fall off
And my niggas squeeze til the last shell go off
Fuck your whole team all I see is a bunch of wierdos
You'sa airhead bitch- scarecrow
Ain't nothin old but my money bitch
This is grown liquid assets
Benjamin's my daddy you Young Money bastards
You and Diddy- sorry bunch of swagger jackers
I mothered you hoes I should claim you on my income taxes
Bobby Fischer in the flesh, taught by the great
So on my next move I'm yellin' checkmate
I smell a massacre
I'm Charles Manson, you don't stand a chance with her
Jeffrey Dahmer and you lookin like lunch to me
Bout to kill all you bitches like Ted Bundy
Leave your whole head red like Pegg Bundy
You're hilarious... thanks for all the laughs
You're garbage, so I'm takin out the trash
You? Shit on me?
C'mon baby girl- Ain't enough ass shots in the world
You're a nuisance, you'd probably steal my new shit
But you could never fuck with me
So chuck it up deuces
All around the world I ball like a ball team
I stack chips, call me Miss Rothstein
Tricks is for kids silly rabbit you're my offspring
Kim more anticipated than a Lebron ring