[Intro: Trife}
Check it on motherfucker, uh
Get it on biatch
Represent cocksucker
(And if they don't die, then they won't be able to walk)
Check it, part 2

[Verse 1: Trife]
I hate pussy cats, rip 'em with clip from a mac round
Of such, got much, so when I clutch
It's the dangerous touch
Shadow of death, let them forgive me
Not murder, so make an error
See the fatal twist of terror
Suffer forever, piss on your grave on set
Swinging, it can't get no higher
Get cast in a lake of fire
Wicked taste, but just in case
You pace side of place, fuck minks
I pour acid on your face
Axe murderer, I'm stressed I confess
Sacrifice dinners, now I'm the master of the fucking menace
Smoked up like this, my trigger finger's itchin'
Nigga that's snitchin', get in your mouth, snapped the bitch in
Witnesses I kill for the deal
You see my grill squeal, there's still more blood to spill
Trife's my name, ask me again, tell you the same
Surviving the game, aim, tearing ass out the frame
Always a rebel, burner kept, haven't slept
But for my respect, reload my strap then I step
Young and the ruthless, schizophrenic
Thug man, slaughter by the slum
Multiple shots sent amuck
You can't kill me, and you'll be lucky if you graze me
The sick and crazy, I'll have your ass pushing daisies
I am the invisible man, break 18 down in 3 punks
So they refuse to see me

[Hook: Sadat X (sampled)]
And if they don't die, then they won't be able to walk!
And if they don't die, then they won't be able to walk!
And if they don't die, then they won't be able to walk!
And if they don't die, then they won't be able to walk!

[Verse 2: Lil' Kim]
Lil' Kim the lieutenant's in effect
And I'm about to blow, everybody hit the deck
Take you away, yes, to another level
I'm a rebel, and I'm more heated than the devil
It ain't my fault, if I'm diabolical
In molecule, microorganisms wants to use the tombs
Sick like Ethiopians, niggas scopin' in
Loops and cubes, by the toots in my fallopians, huh
See I'mma have to run a check on 'em
Like a doctor with a stethoscope, I have to catch some
Wreck, I'm sitting sat with my crew
So whatcha wanna do?
I hope you brought your nickel plated .22
I may be fishin' on some new shit, click click
Straight to your door, with the nine on my hip
I'm putting suckers to rest, like a bird in the nest
Yeah, I'm emptying my whole clip in your chest
And I ain't faking no moves G
I'm putting marked for death signs on your whole fucking family
And I'm shockin' you like a wire, woo!
Tiz boom fire, me say tiz boom fire!
Shit is real, no Mardi Gras, now here's the deal
Grab my steel, get ill, cancel your will
Now it's time to put the horse under the saddle
While me and my boys bring the motherfuckin' rattle
I'm ready to roll!

[Hook: Sadat X (sampled)]
And if they don't die, then they won't be able to walk!
And if they don't die, then they won't be able to walk!
And if they don't die, then they won't be able to walk!
And if they don't die, then they won't be able to walk!

[Verse 3: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Biggie Smalls is the wickedest
Niggas say I'm pussy? I dare you to stick your dick in this
If I was pussy, I'd be filled with syphilis
Herpes, gonorrhea, chlamydia, gettin' rid of ya
Got it locked like the penitentiary
Niggas mention me for M.C. execution, who you choosin'?
The wack MC? Or the black fat MC?
Jack Dempsey would start shakin'
All it's takin', is some marijuana and I'm makin'
MC's break fast like flapjacks and bacon
Backspins to windmill, who's still the gin drinker?
Ill thinker - explodin when the paper hits the ink? Uh
Take your gangsta chronicles and turn to page 666
Holocaust, Big the merciless
Niggas press they luck-and they get a buttfuckin'
Straight up the ass, raw dog with the rash
And I don't fuck with the condoms
'Cause the condoms is a problem from the AIDS gettin sprayed
Diseases, Big pleases, MC's across the seas
It's just the way I clutch my prey, hey
I'm crazy and deranged
Blowin' niggas out the frame, simple and plain
But gettin' back, to the black, rhinoceros of rap
Big took a loss, how preposterous is that nigga?