[Hook]
Don't tell me that this isn't real
Don't tell me this ain't how I feel
This is all I have, all I have
Don't tell me that this isn't real
Don't tell me this ain't how I feel
This is all I have, all I have

[Verse 1]
All I ever wanted was somebody to hear me
And all I ever wanted was somebody to feel me
And everybody wanna tell me that I'm out of my head
When I'm on the mic that's fine but that don't scare me
It's been a long time but I'm back now
Rap pow welcome to the rap house
Rap pow will live till I pass out (blackout blackout
Everybody keep on wondering if I still) rap now
Are you serious? Anybody out there hearing this?
Yo I came in the game as a lyricist
And I'mma leave like that. Period
You sniff lines, I write lines, you've now entered in my mind
And you better get ready cause you might find
I'm from a different place and my kind
It's a little bit different than yours is
Quit snoring (hip hop isn't dead)
It's just been in mourning from the moment I quit recording
Quick, record this!
Listen I'm warming up and you're misinformed if
You think that I'm slipping up, this ain't sick enough, then I'll skip the chorus
I've been here ain't nobody heard of me?
Yeah I'mma turn this beat to a murder scene
I don't live for the world
I live for the King, I live for the King, focus
Wrote this with emotion
It's hard to get a break when the door's ain't open
It's hard to get a shot when the gun ain't loaded
And it's hard to make a living when nobody wanna notice. Hold it
What am I insane maybe? Plain crazy
You put me in a room with a mic you will not restrain me
You do what you wanted but you can't contain me
Lazy! Is not a character trait of mine. Don't wait in line
This is the current condition of my state of mind

[Hook]
Don't tell me that this isn't real
Don't tell me this ain't how I feel
This is all I have, all I have
(This is all I have, all I have)

[Verse 2]
All I ever wanted was somebody to get this
All I ever wanted was somebody to play this
Take my song, put it on their playlist and get goosebumps every time they play it. Rate us
If that's my calling or not Father, maybe I should just not bother
Go back to that 9 to 5 but I am not a quitters so quit that
I never been a killer but I guarantee I kill tracks
Put them in a coffin, lost in
Rip that, trying to make an impact in rap is that insane? Well I guess so
Rap though, better give me that pencil
And you ain't ever gonna make it, it's all mental
I am in a place where I can't let go. Ah!
I still work a job and do this
And y'all know what's stupid?
I thought all you had to do was get a record deal and yo things start moving
But that's not the case because most of the times the artists you hear
You keep on thinking that artist is new but that artist has probably been at it for years
Yeah. In the back of my mind thinking
Am I wasting my time dreaming
And I ain't got no money in my wallet but I guarantee there ain't no way that I am gonna leave this
I need this. I swear to y'all I need this (I swear to y'all I need this)
And this hip-hop's in my veins if you cut me I'mma bleed it
And yo. What you think I write write raps for no reason, no
Take my pain and I put em in a song ever since them pills they took my mom
I've been a different person. Don't try to predict my verses
What you're hearing now is me whether I'm in front or behind that curtain
I stand behind these words. I'm a Christian but I'm not perfect (don't tell me that this isn't real)
Don't tell me to calm down. I'm calm now, listen I'm just working (don't tell me this ain't how I feel)
Yeah it might take a minute to get it but once you get it everything will be crystal clear (this is all I have, all I have)
I don't think they see my vision here. I don't think they see my vision here!

[Hook]
Don't tell me that this isn't real
Don't tell me this ain't how I feel
This is all I have, all I have oh oh
Don't tell me that this isn't real
Don't tell me this ain't how I feel
Oh this is all I have, all I have, oh yeah
Don't tell me that this isn't real (all I ever wanted was somebody to get this)
Don't tell me this ain't how I feel (all I ever wanted was somebody to play this)
All I ever wanted was somebody to get this, all I have
All I ever wanted was somebody to get this, all I have

Don't tell me that this isn't real, this isn't real, this isn't real
This is all that I have, this is all that I have

[Outro]
Don't tell me that this isn't real
Don't tell me this ain't how I feel
This is all I have, all I have