[Verse 1]
Yeah (haha)
My name buzzin', ain't no way you could ignore it
I did not come this far so they could ignore me
I am not the one to say, "I'll do it in the mornin'"
I'd rather get it done, don't focus on what's not important
They try to talk to me like they been nothin' but supportive
Appreciate the love, but do not show up on my doorstep
If you ain't about that real, I suggest that you avoid me
If we ain't on the same page, that's the end of story, agh!
You are not a baller 'cause your closet's full of Jordan's
You are not a rich man 'cause you're on the Forbes list
First, I drop the record, then you know I gotta tour it
Real's still the slogan, only difference is there's more of us
The story of my life feels like it's just beginnin' now
I ask you a question, I want answers, not the run-around
You the one that brought it up, but I'm the one to shut it down
If you ain't got the album yet, I brought you one, I'm at your house
Hey!

[Chorus]
All I see is green lights (woo!)
All I see is green lights (oh yeah!)
All I spit is real life (yeah!)
Bet you don't know what that's like (huh?)
All I see is green lights (yeah!), woo!
All I see is green lights, (woo!), yeah
All I spit is real life
I bet you don't know what that's like

[Verse 2]
Yeah
I know where I'm goin', I don't let no one distract me
I don't need directions from nobody in the back seat
I don't need these people in my corner tryna gas me
I'd rather have people in my corner tryna check me
Yeah, I walk off the bus a different city than the last week
Let the fans speak, they gon' tell you 'bout the past me
If I'm bein' honest, last year I was in a bad place
Wouldn't say I'm out of it, but don't feel like I can't be, agh!
Who you know droppin' clean records, but they nasty?
I was made for this, I could tell when Mama had me
I hopped right off the table, told my doctor, "I ain't average."
He asked me, "What does that mean?"
I told him, "Get the pen and pad, please."
Who'd a known I'd write something that could change lives?
I don't think y'all fully understand the way you changed mine
I look at the future that's in front of me with both eyes
Three records, three years, I don't like to waste time
Oh yeah!

[Chorus]
All I see is green lights, yeah! (woo!)
All I see is green lights, haha!
All I spit is real life (real life)
Bet you don't know what that's like (you don't know!)
All I see is green lights (green lights), woo!
All I see is green lights (green lights—haha), yeah!
All I spit is real life (oh, real life!)
I bet you don't know what that's like (no!)

[Outro]
Hey!
Haha!
All I see is—green lights!
Yeah!
Oh my!
Yeah! (haha)