[Verse]
(Yeah!) I'm back, did anyone miss me?
They said the second record can be tricky
Well, that's kind of funny, 'cause I am not trippin'
My fans—they know what it is and they with me
Yeah, I ain't the type that's gon' ride with the semi
I came from a town with three lights and no city
I've been doing shows for nothin' but pennies
When I leave the stage, they never forget me
Mansion was a glimpse of my life
I let you see what it's like to be in my head
People ask me what I think I think I'd be doin'
If it wasn't music, I'd rather be dead, agh!
You heard what I said, that was like me at a three
You don't wanna see me at ten
Or maybe you do
I promise if that is the case, then that is what y'all gonna get
If you're looking for music with watered down lyrics
I promise that you need to go somewhere else
And if you want somebody to tell you everything
That you wanna hear, I won't be any help
This flow is familiar, I think I heard it before
Yeah, I made it myself!
I left the door open to come in my mansion
But I never said it's a beautiful house
Some of y'all sat on the porch
Looked at my windows and stared at my door
They ask me if I'm gonna kill it this record
I laugh in their face and I ask 'em, "Do you see the blood on the floors?"
"He's at it again"
"NF is crazy, he's bad for the kids"
"He never talks about nothing but him"
"And my friends say, 'He's kind of a diva.'"
Well, you need to get some new friends
I'm as chill as it gets
'Til I get on the stage and flip on the switch
And I go to a place where nobody is
If you bring up my name in a song, that's something that you will regret
Learned a lot in a year
I remember the shows when no one was there
I remember the shows when nobody cared
Some people in front of me laughing like, "He isn't going nowhere."
It's funny now, isn't it?
This type of life isn't how I envisioned it
This type of life, it just ain't how I pictured it
I'm in the back of the tour bus
Tryin' to FaceTime my family, it's different
Not what you think it is
Write a review, tell me what you think of this
Give me three stars and call me an idiot
But to be honest, it don't make a difference
I know some people don't get it
But you have now entered a therapy session
If you don't like music that's personal
I have no clue what you people are doin' here, might as well throw out the record
I pull up a chair, I talk to my music like nobody's there
Only person I judge is the one in the mirror
And lately, he ain't doin' well
I don't need y'all in my ear
I'm tired of hearin' it
You call it music, I call her my therapist
She keep on telling me I have been carryin'
Way too much baggage, I need to take care of it
I know she's right, but, man, it's embarrassing
Music has raised me more than my parent did
Take out a picture of us and I stare at it
Who am I kiddin'? You probably ain't hearin' this
Show me an artist you wanna compare me with
You put us both on a track, I'ma bury 'em
Give me the shovel, it's 'bout to get scarier
None of you want it with rap, who you staring at?
I see you got beats, but where is the lyrics at?
NF is the logo, you know I've been wearin' that
Don't come to my show and be sittin' that very back
I call you out in the crowd like, "There he is!"
Thought I'd be happy, it feels like I'm cursed
It's hard to be clean when you play in the dirt
You gave me this place to go when I'm hurtin'
I thought it'd get better, but it's getting worse
And I got nobody to blame when I work
Like 24/7, I ain't been to church
And Satan keep callin' me, he tryna flirt
I hang up the phone, these are more than just words
I drive on that highway and listen to Mansion
I look up to God like, "When did this happen?"
Yellin' with all of my fans to wake up
But feel like I haven't
I get emotional, I didn't plan this
I'm doing things I never imagined
I'm sorry, but I gotta leave
I don't wanna be late for my therapy session, agh!