[Intro]
Yeah
I wanna know, I wanna know
I wanna know, I wanna know

[Verse 1]
Been sick with the pen since I was ten inches tall
I'm relentless, you guessed it, back with the vengeance
In the set list, every sentence so raw you can sense it
No question, tryna be the best that
Ever walked this earth, if I'm not, then I'm next up
Dressed up like I'm 'bout to hit a bank or somethin'
Yeah, I am not the one you wanna mess with, no!
When I come into the room, put your heads down
I'm a little bit TØP, Stressed Out
What does that mean?
I'm a rap fiend with a bad lead
You could run if you want, but you'll never catch me
So cold with it, y'all don't get it
Let you put me in a cage just so I can open it
Handcuffed, hands up, this is dope to me
Oh, you thought you had me captured? So funny
Better run from me, I don't think you really understand what this does for me
I dress bummy, but I clean up nice, they ain't never seen this side of me
Long T-shirt, they eyein' me
Rules don't apply to me
You better give me my privacy
I got the fans I got because I'm takin' them behind the scenes
You played hide-and-seek, I played hide-from-me, agh!
Yeah, look at all that we accomplished
Quittin' for me's not an option
I wanna look at my kids in the face when I'm older and say I did something admirable
Fast checks, fast women, that don't inspire me, no!
You don't wanna know what's goin' on inside my personal life? Then get out my diary, yeah

[Pre-Chorus]
I wanna know what it's like to be happy
I wanna know what it's like to wake up in the morning and feel like it's real when I'm laughin' (yeah!)
I wanna know what it's like to sit down with my friends and feel like they might understand me (woo!)
I wanna know that the people around me care less about Grammys and more about family

[Chorus]
I wanna know, I wanna know, I wanna know (Yeah, yeah!)
I wanna know, I wanna know
I wanna know, I wanna know (Yeah, I wanna know)
I wanna know, I wanna know

[Verse 2]
Yeah, record labels' signin' artists they ain't got a clue what to do with
Why would I put my career in the hands of someone that don't even know what they doin'?
Why would I sit in a room full of people that don't even care about me or my future and tell me they ain't really feelin' the vision, then hop on the wagon the moment it's movin', huh?
Heard you tellin' people you don't really like the content
Whatchu wanna hear me rap about?
How I'm on the road gettin' side chicks?
You should treat your mouth like your phone in a movie theater, put that on silence
I don't care what everybody else is doin', I'm just bein' me and that's not how I live
Oh my, oh my, yeah, I'm in the zone now
Zoned out, come to my show with they phones out
Whole crowd, oh wow, that's wild, tone down, no!
I have created my own style
I have created my own sound
Oh, you didn't know? Well, you know it now
Slowin' down
Livin' happy, this is what I was made for
They say you get what you paid for
Grandpa told me, "Always look to Heaven, try to pay attention when you talkin' to God," yeah
I wish I'da paid more, I shoulda prayed more
Everybody's out here shoppin' tryna find a different product in the same stores
Everybody wants they dream to fall in they lap, but don't wanna work for it
I've been doin' this since I was just a kid and mama bought me 8 Mile at the movie store
Hopin' someday maybe I could do what I love for a livin' with people I care for
People that care more about me as person than money I make for 'em, yeah!

[Pre-Chorus]
I wanna know what it's like to be happy
I wanna know what it's like to wake up in the morning and feel like it's real when I'm laughin' (yeah!)
I wanna know what it's like to sit down with my friends and feel like they might understand me (woo!)
I wanna know that the people around me care less about Grammys and more about family

[Chorus]
I wanna know, I wanna know, I wanna know (Woo! Yo!)
I wanna know, I wanna know (Yeah, I wanna know)
I wanna know, I wanna know
I wanna know, I wanna know (Woo!)

[Chorus]
I wanna know, I wanna know (Woo! Yeah!)
I wanna know, I wanna know (Yeah, I wanna know)
I wanna know, I wanna know (Yeah, I wanna know)
I wanna know, I wanna know