[Intro]
Shitted on, ran from it (I did it all)

[Verse 1]
I sold dope, watched fiends crave for rock
Watch 'em watchin me put the stash in my sock (Hey! Yo! Yo!)
Walkie-talk to niggas from the corner when the Feds 'bout to enter
Pumped up blocks, summer to winter
Kerosene heaters by my feet
Takin tops off, just so a nigga can eat lunch meat
Four days, no Z's
From the first to third, end of the month, I'm too excited to get sleep
I bagged up 2's
Aggravated by picky motherfuckers who don't know which rock to choose (Picky man!)
Took outta town trips
Two seconds in this son of a bitch, NARCs run in, talkin shit (Who dis?)
I know about dope, I lost my man Lou to the coke
Pumpin over there off of DeSoto
Any nigga who don't know about this
I hit ya with the Iron Mike quote "that's ludicrous!"
Shittin in the tub, pissin in the tub
Hepatitis B inflicted in a thug
I know about that shit right there

[Hook]
Hey yo, Dope, Jobs, Homeless, I did it all
Y'all niggas can't tell me shit
Dope, Jobs, Homeless, did it all
Who the fuck goin' to tell me shit?
Dope, Jobs, Homeless...

[Verse 2]
I done had jobs black
Boss man yellin at the top of his lungs about a fuckin Big Mac
He damn near fired
A restaurant manager who can't manage shit, stressed out retired
I'm talkin about blacks
You work all week with Boo and one day your man Boo just collapse
His breakdown's 'caused by his bitch, who dropped the drawers
For a nigga who could really floss
Five twenty-five, it make your mouth leak
And on top of that shit, you get a check every other week
You work a week in the hole, there's thirty motherfuckers on payroll
You work when they want you to
Equal opportunity? Nigga right
Suburban community check stubs always hella tight
And my shit lookin like this (Damn!)
I got a bitch, a baby and I need a place to piss
Pissed off at check time cause I was skipped
That's when Obie Trice start cockin back his shit (Fuck this!)

[Hook]
Dope, Jobs, Homeless, did it all
Y'all niggas can't tell me shit
Dope, Jobs, Homeless, did it all
Who the fuck gonna tell me shit?

[Verse 3]
I done been homeless, no place to sleep
Moms don't wanna hear it, no place to eat (C'mon Maa!)
Ppass out on my man's couch, just for a week
Till he get fed up and kick a nigga to the street (Get the fuck outta here, dawg!)
Black out from cold, freezin my toes
Snow fuckin over my boots, my Tims' froze
Face turnin blue
Cars ridin by with the little children on the inside pointin at you (mommy look at that man!)
Fucked over folks and they don't wanna see ya
Baby momma gotta new nigga with a Visa
Sleepin in cars, abandoned shit
And while the rats eat the wires, you be prayin and shit (Please, Lord, please!)
Close to pneumonia, wishin for heat, like damn if only I came up in California
Plottin on a lick like, stickin your mans
Cause damn, you know he got at least a grand in his pants
Face lookin old, despite the fact you only 20 years old
Stuck in the cold, snot drippin profusely
Takin the alley routes, so my ex-cutie won't notice me

[Hook]
Dope, Jobs, Homeless, did it all
Who the fuck goin' to tell me shit?
Dope, Jobs, Homeless, I did it all
Y'all niggas can't tell me shit
Hey yo, Dope, Jobs, Homeless, I did it all
Who the fuck gonna tell me shit?
Dope, Jobs, Homeless, did it all
Motherfucker, I done did it all

[Outro]
Yeah! Shit is real out there, yeah
Nap Entertainment, 2000
Fuck nigga