[Intro]
Woo! I love seein you in the pictures, you know? (I pretend)
The pictures, you know? I'm good
(I pretend that you're already mine, already mine, already mine)
Let's go, woo! (I pretend)
O. Trice, let's go

[Hook 1]
I pretend (splash, splash.. splash)
I pretend (splash, splash.. splash)
I pretend that you're already mine, already mine, already mine
I pretend (splash, splash)

[Verse 1]
I visualize, beating it in the heat of the night
On a beach with the breeze, just even the sight
You and me in the evening when the scenery's right
Ain't nobody intervening not a demon in sight (I pretend)
Just Obie, cheese and a Missoni Bikini
It got me fiending to slide between them thighs at any moment
Plus she got me open I'm just hoping Obie focused
Before I go overdosing on your love potion (I pretend)
Potent, put her in a poem
I'm seeing her on the big screen she got me gone
Deeper than a fan, more of a connection
I ain't never met but I'm more than prepped and
I just wanna take her on a get-away
Met her with a négligée
Put her on a pedestal and then take baby breath away
You don't need a bullet I know these dudes is full of it
Pulling shit cuz you on the tube (I pretend)
And I know you thinking all of us rappers is bad news
Bad attitudes, bad press for you (I pretend)
So I'mma undress you with my mental
Intimacy which is, (Splash) type of shit I'm in to

[Hook 2]
I pretend that you're already mine, already mine, already mine
I pretend (splash, splash.. splash)
I pretend

[Verse 2]
Yeah you got him sprung
Helmut Lang jeans, I wanna get in them
I want to go down, work tongue
Show you how to cum till you say your comfy with him (I pretend)
And I don't need premieres, I'm peace with the rear
Once she get free we skeet-skeet everywhere
Saying O naughty in Botegga Vaneta
I just want to party take that all feartherd (I pretend)
Bounce out of Hollywood, you can roll shottie
No paparazzi following them
Toss off the bra in the Grand Canyon
You can catch them in the cabin, guess who's stabbing (I pretend)
Candid in the canopy, Cannes Fest', cancelling
She wants to stay next to handsome
He never had so he's the answer
Even though previous dates disaster (I pretend)
And I know you thinking all of us rappers is bad news
Bad attitudes, bad press for you (I pretend)
So I'mma undress you with my mental
Intimacy which is, (Splash) type of shit I'm in to

[Hook 2]

[Verse 3]
Why pretend let's binge off love making
Bend corner in Benz how a thug make it
It pans out if you loosen up
It's nothing wrong with letting a director cut (I pretend)
His directions nuts, trust
His elections your, us
That collection's few, thus
You're most beautiful more of a reason to touch (I pretend)
And I know you thinking all of us rappers is bad news
Bad attitudes, bad press for you
So I'mma undress you with my mental
Intimacy which is, (Splash) type of shit I'm in to

[Hook 3]
I pretend that you're already mine, already mine, already mine
I pretend

[Outro]

Nia Long, Jill Marie Jones, haha
(I pretend that you're already mine, already mine, already mine)
Meagan Good, Sanaa Lathan, Lauren London (I pretend)
Gabrielle Union, Angela Bassett, Latifah
(I pretend that you're already mine, already mine, already mine)
Can't forget Pam Grier, Salli Richardson (I pretend)
Cynda Williams, BernNadette Stanis, yeah
Keisha Knight Pulliam, Regina King!
Paula Jai Parker, Vivica Fox, Eva Mendes
(I pretend that you're already mine, already mine, already mine)
Rosario Dawson, woo! (I pretend)
Woo! Aye, even Antwone Fisher's mama
(I pretend that you're already mine)
Viola Davis, Lela Rochon, yeah
Jada Pinkett Smith, Taraji P. Henson
Obie Trice, "Bottoms Up"
Woo! Woo! (I pretend)
Oprah! Ha ha ha ha