[Intro: Dr. Dre]
Yeah
Yo, let's bring it

[Hook: Eminem]
What you gonna do when shit hits the fan?
Are you gonna stand and fight like a man?
Will you be as hard as you say you are?
Or you gonna run and go get your bodyguard?
I said "What you gonna do when shit hits the fan?"
Are you gonna stand and fight like a man?
And show us you're as hard as you say you are?
Or you gonna run and go get your bodyguard?

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
Niggas is so gangsta, niggas is thugs
Niggas'll spend their whole life peddling drugs
Slanging dope in hopes of one day being able
To own their own label and give the game up
Some niggas came up, some just didn't
That's just the way it is, if it ain't meant it, it just isn't
Some niggas'll get money and pay niggas to back em
So they can act up, feel comfortable, and rap tough
And that's ass backwards
Cause them niggas just gon' keep coming back
And that's when extortion happens
You struggle to get free, I know how this shit be
You deal with anything to live legitimately
But you gone find if you do get in this industry
It's best to be business with me than against me
Niggas get behind mics and ain't even emcees
Niggas get on MTV just to diss me
This shit don't even piss me off
I'm laughing all the way to the bank
Watching the satellite from a Bentley
And you niggas don't even got a car
You're so far under my radar
I don't even know who the fuck you are
To tell you to suck my dick while I'm pissing
I don't even listen to your shit
To know who the fuck I'm dissing
And media just feeds into these feuds
Tryna add fuel to the fire, this lil nigga Ja Rule
Talking bout he's gon' slap me? Nigga please!
You gotta jump and swing up to hit me in the knees
I laugh at these magazines when they interview him
All they doing is making fake threats to us through them
And, pussy, you not Pac, I knew him
Pac was a real nigga, you're just a fucking insult to him
It's too bad we had to fall out before he passed
'Cause if he could see this shit now
He'd be whooping your ass
You're talking to a pioneer
Who engineered this shit for 19 years
Who you got in ya ear? Pshhhhh!
I don't even gotta say it, the fans know
Quit trying to be tough, nigga, you look like an asshole

[Hook: Eminem]
What you gonna do when shit hits the fan?
Are you gonna stand and fight like a man?
Will you be as hard as you say you are?
Or you gonna run and go get your bodyguard?
I said "What you gonna do when shit hits the fan?"
Are you gonna stand and fight like a man?
And show us you're as hard as you say you are?
Or you gonna run and go get your bodyguard?

[Verse 2: Obie Trice]
They say, "Why don't we increase the peace?"
The only piece increased is that which deletes your peeps
Cause niggas run mouths but they don't run streets
Till that fo'-five will cease your speech
Yeah, it's a shame how the beef'll creep
Could've reached ya peak, now you're left with a horrible leak
I'm trying to be as bleak with my speech as possible
Just in case a nigga trying to throw me an obstacle
Nigga, I'm not boxing you, I'm hospitable
I put you in a hospital, that's how I get at you
Let the Doc op- on you, he don't rid you?
You back on the streets, I send another hit at you
This is not a hypocritical issue
I will critical condition your tissue
Give a fuck if all ten of them with you
I throw an extra ten of them missiles
Turn gangstas into gentlemen, vicko
And ever since Eminem dissed you
I swear I see the woman and bitch in you
All this bickering back and forth over who signs who
Curtis pulled your skirt up, nigga, you got murdered
Now take it like a man and shake it off, damn!
And quit telling all these magazines your plans
How you gon slap up my mans? You're fict-ious
Nigga, we'll send Stan to come murder your bitches

[Hook: Eminem]
What you gonna do when shit hits the fan?
Are you gonna stand and fight like a man?
Will you be as hard as you say you are?
Or you gonna run and go get your bodyguard?
I said "What you gonna do when shit hits the fan?"
Are you gonna stand and fight like a man?
And show us you're as hard as you say you are?
Or you gonna run and go get your bodyguard?

[Outro: Obie Trice]
Hahahahahaha
Yeah, yeah
Go out behind all the gangstas you want, nigga
Matter fact, go get every gangsta from every hood
In the United States of America to back you, nigga
Ain't nobody rap wit you
You can't see that?
You fell off, nigga
Hahahahahaha
Damn, damn
Shady slash Aftermath, motherfucker
2003 to infinity!
Yeah!