[Benzino]
Get anybody on your roster who could fuck with Ray
Obie Trice you a busta I don't think you wanna play
*echoes whilst Obie is talking*

[Intro: Obie]
You're hurtin' yaself nigga
It's bad, it's bad for you, C'mon!
Elementary school is out!
That's what the fuck I'm talking about man!
Detroit city my nigga, Let's go!
Recess!

[Intro: Obie]
(Invasion!)
I ain't even got a fucking album out
Niggas speaking my name! (aha!)
(Welcome to Detroit city! Welcome to Detroit city yea!)
(It's Mitton nigga, real niggas)
You want the streets back? And you go at Marshall, nigga
(these ridas nigga)
(Welcome to Detroit city! Welcome to Detroit city yea!)
Holla at me! come holler at me!

[Verse 1: Obie]
Bitch I'm a Detroit hustler (yea!)
Push whips with out the muffler
Loud, nasty, foul; never flashy (fuck that)
I meet your sister, she gon' come home changed (HA!)
I bring the freak outta that bitch - Rick James
I hold things if my brains aggitated (uh huh)
You, no more pain your souls graduated (oh)
I keep pistols, not cuz rap made it an issue
This has been official since middle school (thats right)
You approach me wrong I'm outliving you (uh huh)
I'm from Detroit where niggas is not feeling you (thats cool)
Slugs drilling you, rigormortis is building you up
Hugs given to ya mom, aunts, and unc's (Oh!)
"Murder mitton", niggas is not getting this scenes
They dont believe - misconceived until his blood bleeds
Past tense, back then niggas had some sense Bitchzino!
Your skill's not equal
I got your busta tucked right by my nuts bruh (aha!)
I know them record sales got you in a clutch
But! why come fuck with us? and this is Shady (Shady!)
This is the label that made a nigga able
To finally stabilize loot a nigga makes
(talk to em O!)
What's strange to me, Benzino been in the game
And Obie just came, but he ain't got no more fame then me
That wild!
Blame it on the white boy, nigga thats your style
Spoke on a nigga and spoke that bullshit
That another nigga won't, O's no joke that bullshit (whow)
Hoes no quotes, hoes no fashion
I see booty and it's pointing right at it (yea!)
With rappin', it ain't happenin', fathom the tought
Stick to journalism that's your art
And apart from responding
I know the Source will tell them, don't cop him (uh huh)
Obie trice's albums not popping (huuuuh)
But that's what happens when you're dealing with gays (uhuuuuuh)
They flip scripts, bitch shit just to get paid (paid) (oh!)
You's a broad, Boston even noticed its too late
In the game to pull a black and white card
You's the busta, Detroit don't love ya
You're one of them so-so muthafuckas, You know?
See a nigga in Puerto Rico and shake my hand
Talkin' about "Obie I got ya" 'I got ya'
(Welcome to Detroit city! Welcome to Detroit city yea!)
BenzinHOE

[Outro: Obie]
Benzedda
Nigga you a busta
(Welcome to Detroit city! Welcome to Detroit city yea!)
See me when I land all over you motherfuckas!

[Outro: Obie]
Bring you wolves (haha)
Me and you! Mano y mano
I crush you with the 40 ounce bottle nigga
Ain't ready for that shit nigga
Real over here nigga
Fuck y'all haters nigga
Get money to all my real niggas
That's what im talking about
Shady Records!