[Verse 1 - Lil Wayne]
A Millionaire
I'm a young money millionaire, tougher than Nigerian hair
My criteria compared to your career just isn't fair
I'm a venereal disease like a menstrual bleed
Through the pencil I leak on the sheet of the tablet in my mind
Cause I don't write shit cause I ain't got time
Cause my seconds, minutes, hours go to the almighty dollar
And the almighty power of that ch-cha-cha-chopper
Sister, brother, son, daughter, father, mother-fuck a copper
Got the Maserati dancing on the bridge, pussy popping
Tell the coppers hahahaha you can't catch em, you can't stop em
I go by them goon rules
If you can't beat em then you pop em
You can't man em then you mop em
You can't stand em then you drop em
You pop 'em cause we pop 'em like Orville Redenbacher
Young Money

[Verse 2 - Cory Gunz]
I'm Millie in here with them Young Money millionaires
Think you really pop a wheelie in air?
Mac Milli, the Vanilli's in here, I'm a rascal, don't get whopped
I get brats who don't give top
I get tassel, pass you with a flow you could never put a brake on and I break on anything a nigga take on
Feel the napalm from my trey arm, straight long, throw a nigga like I'm Akon, cause I'm acorns
Where the base gone? get the base blown, let the Pistons on that chopper
Come on, cops, I'm kamikaze, drop a rock with them Obamas
Illie in the mind, really with the nine, millie when I rhyme, silly anytime fine, chilly, gitty on the grind
Shitty on a dime, Penny on the line plenty's in me, any guinea's with 'em, bigger than a mini, and remind I'm
Illie, and it's all off G piece and a PG walk by, beep beep
With a freak, skeet, hawk out, big feet on a jeep
She caught by Weezy F, we be the best, truly to death, prove me the rest
Groupies confess, you be the ref, 'xcuse me, I left

[Verse 3 - Lil Wayne]
A millionaire, I'm a young money millionaire
What, 'chyall really want it? Nah, y'all don't really wanna do it
If hip hop is dead, I am the embalming fluid
And I don't care who it be, I'm steppin' to it
Notice I say 'it', cause to me, it ain't shit
Get, it?
Call me whatcha like, trick, call me on my Sidekick
Never answer when it's private, man, I hate a shy chick
Don't you hate a shy chick? I had a plate of shy chick
And she ain't shy no mo', she changed her name to "My chick"
Yeah, boy, that's my girl
And she pops excellent up in Wayne's world
Totally dude, you should see their faces
When they see that this robot can move
And it's like... hahaha, yea
And it go... that's right

[Verse 4 - Lil Wayne]
A millionaire, I'm a
Young Money, Cash Money, fast money
Slow money, mo' money, never no money
What is that, who is that? I never heard of it
I will take your picture and make a 'Rest In Peace' shirt of it
Some should take this beat and make a 'Rest In Peace' shirt of it, cause
I killed it, now don't tell no one you heard of me
It's like the beat was screamin', "Murder me!"
And I'm a murderer, so I murdered it
And you niggas is what I eating I'll make sure of it
And he who don't believe me, I'll make dessert of him
Sherbet him, I mean, shame on him
Or her; Carter, father of
This rap thang, this is my race
Gon' take a lap, man, Weezy Baby's nursery
Now gon' take a nap man, it's naptime
I'll holla back at you at snacktime
Weezy F... yeah, OK

[Verse 5 - Lil Wayne]
They say I'm rappin' like B.I.G, Jay, and 2Pac
André 3000, where is Erykah Badu at
Who dat, who dat said they gon' beat Lil' Wayne
My name ain't Bic, but I keep dat flame, man
Who dat one dat do dat boy? You knew dat, true dat, swallow
And I be the shit, now you got loose bowels
I don't O U like two vowels
But I would like for you to pay me by the hour
And I'd rather be pushing flowers
Than to be in the pen sharing showers
Tony told us this world was ours
And the Bible told us every girl was sour
Don't play in her garden and don't smell her flower
Call me Mr. Carter or Mr. Lawn Mower
Boy I got so many bitches like I'm Mike Lowrey
Even Gwen Stefani said she couldn't doubt me
Motherfucka I say life ain't shit without me
Chrome lips poking out the coupe, look like it's pouting
I do what I do and you do what you can do about it
Bitch, I can turn a crack rock into a mountain
Dare me
Don't you compare me cause there ain't nobody near me
They don't see me but they hear me
They don't feel me, but they fear me. I'm illi

Man, life just ain't life without me
Hip hop just ain't hip hop without me
Young Moola, baby