[Intro] [Reef talking]:
{Phone ringing} Party at John's house tonight. Shit's going to be fuckin' insane. Bitches...fuckin' they got kegs, nitrous, COME!

[Verse One]:
It go weed, coke, drank, Molly
Lonnie had shots being taken off her body
DJ rock and everybody sing along
Bro dudes in the yard goin' hard on beer pong
She a thong showin'
Big blunt smokin'
Billy feel sick sittin' by the window open
Now chunks blowin', had too much Jaeger
Hipsters actin' cool like the posin' for The Fader
In the kitchen listen' to a couple not jellin'
His girl got jealous now they both mad yellin'
She starts cryin' wantin' to know where the stairs at
Her sister's in the bathroom gettin' fucked bareback
Tommy lookin' at her like, "I'm bangin' a whore"
A line starts to form, they bangin' at the door
The next door neighbor dare sleep now he is pissed
Hangin' out the window, shakin' his fist
Girls all dancin' shakin' their hips
A fight broke out, some guy's breakin' his fist
40 bottles crushed and thrown off the roof
Shots in the living room we all say "salute"
The ground covered with blunt guts, beer and puke
Cops pulled up so we had to flew the coup
This is house party shit, this is the life
Wake up next morning, like what happened last night?

[Reef talking]:
Yo, yo, that was cool and shit but yo. There's this new club that's opening and shit, it's like...$50 cover, nahmsayin', $40 a drink but the shit is fuckin' crazy. Mad bitches son, come with me, I.m telling you we'll have fun, but...you can't wear that yo. You got a suit? You got like some gators or somethin'?

[Verse Two]:
There's another party goin' on right up the street
But to get in you can't wear your hat or sneaks
The bouncer's a faggot the doorman's a geek
The make you wait in line for what feels like a week
You get to the front, bouncer says it's filled
Plus you aren't dressed to impress nor kill
So he says you can't get in and now you feel ill
But then he says, "Yo, slip me a $20 bill."
You grudgingly oblige and slide inside
Only to find, nothing but the deaf, dumb and blind
Outrageous weaves, gators and frost minks
Shawty won't speak to you unless you bought drinks
She's with her crew, their attitude it stinks
Stank, they want men with bank, not men who think
Niggas ice grillin', don't look away or blink
Bathroom attendants, said it cost to use the sink
Leave him a tip for handing you a towel?
I told him "I owe you" like I don't have a vowel
Came out to someone screamin' mad loud
Oh wow, now they bustin' shots in the crowd
All hell broken loose, cops swarm like they're in Juice
But y'all wasn't gonna let me and him in for wearin' a pair of boots?!

[Reef talking]:
Fuck y'all! This shit is fuckin' terrible, man I'm gettin' the fuck outta here. This is the tale of two parties yo. 18 verse 30 yanamsayin'? Young, reckless, dumb, dickhead, house party, havin' fun shit. Verse payin' $500 just to go out and stand around a bunch of booshie, stuck up motherfuckers man. Fuck every club in this city that make motherfuckers take off they Nikes. Fuck every club in this city that make motherfuckers take off they hats. Fuck every club in this city that charge a cover to get in your bullshit club, you don't get nothin' with that cover, but to stand there cramped with a bunch of clown motherfuckers. You gotta wait in line for three hours to get a fuckin' drink. You gotta wait in line for three hours to use the bathroom. Maaaaaan. Shit ain't the same no more man. I remember being young in college, man I may be a young guy, man we would just fuckin' chill with our friends and have a good time. Now...going out man require so much energy man, so much fuckin' bullshit. Niggas gotta wear a suit to fuckin' drink. A suit?! Get the fuck outta here with that shit man. The thing about it is though...either way...the goal is to get fucked up. So however you gotta do that shit. Whether it's gettin' high at home or chillin' with your boys man. Do that. Cause this going out shit is gettin'g played out in 2012. I'm 30 years old man, I can't fuck with this shit no more. I'mma end up murdering a bouncer or some shit man. Stabbing a doorman in the fucking neck with his pen. Beat him to death with his clipboard. Why y'all have a clipboard? You can't remember who the fuck's on the list? Is it that many motherfuckers you gotta stand there with a fuckin' clipboard? This ain't New York motherfucker this is Philly. What the fuck y'all got a velvet rope for man? I'll kick that shit the fuck over. We don't do that shit man. Fuck that. I'm about to go to motherfuckin' Broad Street Diner, steak and eggs, go the fuck home. This night is over my nigga