[Intro: Chief Kamachi]

Yeah Ju-Ju Mob, know what I'm sayin'?
Reef the Lost Cauze, know what I'm sayin'?
Like a day time vampire, know what I"m sayin'?
Bout to shit out these niggas
Yeah, there's nothing that y'all can do
Know what I mean?
So just fall back!

[Verse 1: Reef The Lost Cauze]

Yo, amongst the niggas, dirty Ricans, and white trash
Got me pondering, what value does life have?
The wizard that don't carry no white staff
A tight mag, hear the slight blast
How long will ya life last?
As long as my Dutch so puff and take a nice drag
You take a loss either way when you fight fags
So I'll leave y'all bitching amongst
The chickens and chumps, the stitches and lumps
The triggers and pumps, rivers and dumps
You niggas is punks, yeah I said it
We'll see how ya vision end up
Aggression pent up, years strugglin', ten plus
So cop the CD for ten bucks or get ya shit stuck
Like a bobby pin, your favorite rapper, who bodied him?
The man responsible, I'm probably him
Ju-Ju Mob lurk where the lobby dim
They won't be able to tell where the earth start and your body end

[Hook: Chief Kamachi]

I ain't gotta tell you what was already said
My team starving, you've already fed
The pain is nothing, I've already bled
They can't kill me, I'm already dead!
I ain't gotta tell you what was already said
My team starving, you've already fed
The pain is nothing, I've already bled
They can't kill me, I'm already dead!

[Verse 2: Reef The Lost Cauze]

Got me feelin' like a zom-bay
Shots from the sapphire Bombay
Then the shots from the Palm Kay
Death awaits you at the end of your hall way
Now they placing flowers on your chest like a prom date
I had to wisen up for my mom's sake
I'm a big boy without the Andre
For no man can time wait
Scorching hot is the cli-mate
With a mind state of primates
Overriding these divine saints
So your ass is lost
You ain't protected by no Catholic Cross
They'll turn your brains into applesauce
That's your dog? Check em for fleas
Ya better scratch that bastard 'fore he spread the disease
I'll (?) him to trees
Mind dead as the seas, from which the scrolls were kept
Some compare me to dreams, seep into your brains like Asbestos
Death chokes on the best coke, gang-banging on the west coast

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Reef The Lost Cauze]

This is drama rap, Stonehenge, word to Spinal Tap
I'm findin' that the same ones that design the track
Wanna try to change the rules in the final lap
I'm the black face, hiding behind the gat
The game is all pussy, vagina rap
Knowledge is novelty, they can't teach you with that kinda crap
You might think you free, but your mind is trapped
Before the time elapse on this track (?)
To define the facts, that's my life's mission
And bring back the culture stolen by white Christians
With trife wisdom, divide kingdoms
Watch kings turn into peasants, I'm learning they lessons
See my face by the fire, burning the resin
Turning the session into a massacre
The Cauze was first, there shall be none after, son
Blasting gun, that's for fun
I take the money, never had to run

[Hook]