[Intro]
Father: How'd we get this way son? I remember the day you were born
Son: Yeah...well I remember the day you left so we're even

[Reef talking]
This ain't one of them...cliche, daddy I miss you songs. You know this is...this is some introspective shit

[Hook] {x2}
Through the eyes of my father
I see a beautiful melody that was never sung regrettably
My heart tellin' me, "Just let it be"
People make mistakes, you especially
And from your chains of guilt, you need to set 'em free

[Verse One]
Yo, I'd be lyin'
If I said I didn't despise him
That I didn't like him, but ain't no denyin' I look just like him
That's what my momma said
But I wouldn't know
And now he wants to see me, but I wouldn't go
And he called and asked why and I said I
Wouldn't waste any more time on trying to build a relationship
I hate this shit
It ain't real, it ain't real, ain't no fakin' it
Now you wanna take a trip
Sit in a boat on a lake and shit
Bait the fish, it's too late for this
Or am I not being fair
Is this my way of punishing him for not being there
Or is my guard up?
Cause no one on this Earth has hurt me more than my father so why bother
Now
Is it cause you old and feel guilt ridden?
Or do you need a meal ticket?
I wanna know am I a part of you
Or was you gassed when you first read that article
And saw your son doin' it
Any chances you had, you done ruined it
But yet in still, I'm lookin' at my schedule
Lookin' for a space for, you to fill
And as soon as I do it, you just come with excuses
Shit is useless
You left me youthless
And now that I'm older I don't wanna go through it
You tell me that you love me and never prove it

[Hook]

[Verse Two]
He said
"Son I never meant to hurt you, desert you or leave you
I tried to there
I did not mean to deceive you
It was the needle
The pipe I would often go blaze
Losing my family wasn't a price I thought I would pay
My addictions put a dent in the rhythm we danced to
And you were the victim of my afflictions
In other words, I was a bad parent
And now you're grown and your life you can't share it
And, I don't blame you. I just came to
Tell you I don't want you to be the same dude
That your dad was
Cause no matter what you're my child and you'll always have your dad's love
Even if it's not visible
I'm a part of you and not just in the physical
I feel miserable, but I'm not lookin' for no sympathy
I just don't want you to block me from your memory
Please remember me from the good times
When you was younger, tried to be there for you and your mother
But the streets got a hold of me
Now, twenty years later I need you close to me
I wanna be everything you hoped I'd be
I yet I feel like there's no hope for me
A beautiful melody, I know you see
In my eyes son
So let's try son
Please try son."

[Hook]

[Outro: Reef talking]
You know...I was never taught how to shave or talk to women. Or how to throw the perfect spiral pass or build a fuckin' gokart and all that shit but yo...I turned out just fine, you know. You need not feel like, I hate you. Or that, you know...I'm bitter or anything like that, but at the same time...you don't need to try anymore to gain my forgiveness...or gain some type of relationship, you know? I ain't a kid no more man, you know? Buying me shit, you know...and takin' me places that doesn't do anything for a grown ass man you know? I forgive you but that doesn't mean I-I need to rekindle something that wasn't there for so long...you know? And I hope you understand that too. It's all love daddy