[Intro]
Sending this out...to all my people in the street worldwide. The working class. I'm just trying to survive out here man. I feel your struggle. This is real shit man. This is from the heart right here. Emynd on the beat. Bear I see you, what up?

[Verse 1]
Yeah this is for my people in the bid, one time hold your head cousin
For my live niggas and my dead brothers
For the corner boys and the working class
Shawty stripping, work her ass, but she's still first in class
Keep going ma and never give it up
You dancing now but one day you might own the club
And yeah we sold the drugs, who are you to judge?
We got bills to pay, we like "Screw the judge."
Support shop man, yeah salute to us
No matter what you do, make sure you do with love
This America, anyone can make it here
Word to Amil and Bear, let's have an amazing year
Sometime I feel like I should just stop rapping
That's when my real niggas be like, "C'mon stop that."
It ain't no magic potion, no rabbit and top hat
Just keep going forward, never turn that clock back
Where my mothers at?
Where my pops at?
Our kids the future, let's not forgot that
I mean forget that
Ayo real rap
You get what you give so I always give back
Hustling, robbing, stealing I did that
So when I rhyme I reflect for those kids that
Really live that
Just to eat they had to flip crack
And motherfucker that's real fact

[Hook] {x2}
You know, you know, you know 'bout the mascot
Repping for the drunk knuckleheads and the have-nots
Repping for the drunk knuckleheads and the have-nots
Repping for the drunk knuckleheads and the have-nots

[Verse 2]
I'm the mascot, for the have-nots
We sit on stoops with beers and just pass pot
Homes in the hood, became cash crops
So we losing them to white boys with ascots
Gentrify us
Then supply us with fliers
"We sell homes" they just liars
Fakes, crooks, low down dirty thieves even
No health insurance, can't afford to keep breathing
So we keep steaming
And drinking rum and Coke
No jobs but my niggas got the guns and coke
And if you is working and you a 9 to 5er
I still salute you cause either way you'se a rider
It takes a lot to get up in the morning
It takes a lot to get up and get going
I feel your pain man, you know the kid heard ya
No matter if you flip burgers or commit murder
This ain't that check-out-my-salary rap
This that south Philly slum lord reality rap
And I promise you, long as breath flows through my abdominal
I will always talk with you
Nigga I will walk with you
Never let 'em carry your ass and you will never die
I'll never let 'em bury your ass
Just live life to the fullest by any means necessary
Never stop trying, every dream's necessary

[Hook]