[Intro]
Awooooooo! Buckaw! Scaw! Scaw! Buckaw!
Do you hear that? Do you hear that?!
Oh, not the Chicken Man!
He's gonna fucking kill us all!

[Hook: Reef The Lost Cauze]
I am the best, come on say it with me:
Fuck rappers, Reef is my favorite MC
I am the best, come on say it with me:
Fuck rappers, Reef is your favorite MC
I am the best...

[Verse: 1 Slaine ]
A thousand grams of uncut to the gut, I don't really gotta go and say no more
But I've put pen to the page every day with my rage since 1984
Rhymes gets crazy raw, what the fuck you think they pay me for?
Toured around the fucking planet, ain't nobody that can lay me off
Got no love for the law, I don't have no remorse for what I may destroy
I will kill a million people just to save my baby boy
Shooting guns, pushing knives, bloody hands, I clean 'em off
That don't even turn me on, that's just when my penis soft
But when the sun sets and the night comes on and the darkness starts descending
I'm vodka-drinking, twisting bitches' body parts and bend 'em
I'm a city boy not a pretty boy, girls'll never call him Usher
I'm a alcoholic getting brain in a bathroom stall in Russia
I'm irrational, international and I'm bent on smashing a bar
I'm the asshole of all assholes and I'm bent on smashing a car
At the pace I spit with a face like this they don't have to ask you
Huh?'
I'm out of control and part of my skull is laughing at you like, 'Ah...ha!'

[Hook: Slaine] x4
I am the best, come on say it with me:
Fuck rappers, Slaine is my favorite MC

[Verse 2: F.T.]
Fuck you, fuck this, fuck That, I don't give a fuck about you rappers, dog
I don't care about your bitch, I don't care about your whips
I don't care about you actors, naw
I don't care about your bullshit songs, y'all motherfuckers ain't paying my bills
Where was you when I was slingin' 'em krills, takin 'em pills, aiming that steel?
Now I'm making 'em mills, ain't nothing changed, I'm banging still
You don't know the pain I feel, I came to kill cause this game is real
I be on my own dick, stand out, I rep mine
Born to win, I'm going in like it ain't gon' be no next time
East side, west side, north, south, we worldwide
I be getting 'em girls high, you be keeping 'em girls fly
You be keeping 'em hoes rich, don't snitch cause I don't quit
I'm focused on mo' hits, got yo bitch like 'Oh shit!'
You hopeless, my fo-fifth is so swift it won't miss
The closest to God that you rappers ever gon' get

I am the best, come on say it with me:
Fuck rap, F.T. is my favorite MC
I am the best, come on say it with me:
Fuck that, F.T. is my favorite MC
I am the best, come on say it with me:
Fuck rappers, F. is my favorite MC
I am the best, come on say it with me:
Fuck that, F.T. is my favorite MC

Reef the Lost Cauze
Slaine
Fuc That - F.T

[Verse 3: Reef]
This that bigger bang, F.T. and my nigga Slaine
Snowgoons, Scorpions, listen to the Winds of Change
Full speed ahead, we are never switching lanes
Faster, I'm the master, red dragon spitting flames
MC's hide in fear, new faces, different names
BNB, AOTP, Official Pistol Gang
And we all here, this is our year
Ready for that take-off, captain said we all clear
I'm a ghost, appear only when the fog's near
I'm on drugs, perked up like a dog's ears
Shed a small tear for my dead fam
Fuck with anyone I love and you'se a dead man
I am Redman high and out of my dome, loc
You a phony, never caught a charge like your phone broke
Mad trees, I smoke on my own oaks
The .44 draw'll lift you out your fucking phone post(?)

Come on say it with me
Reef is my favorite MC
Slaine and F.T
Snowgoons... Chicken Man
You got something you like to say Chicken Man?

[Verse 4: Chicken Man]
It's the mother fucking chicken man
Comin' in I'm runnin' and
Killin' these motherfuckers with that shit that beat
Y'all niggas can't fuck with me
When I come through get that hit that
Spit that flip that oh my goodness
I be rhyming, I be puttin'
Speakers on the motherfucking track up with a nigga
While I talk about my motherfucking cock cause I'm the chicken man

[Outro]
Snowgoons music, from N.Y to Philly to Germany to Boston, we worldwide