[Intro: Segment from the motion picture "Trading Places"]
I wish my bitches would hurry up and get here. I ain't got time to be here in this cell with you
Where is your bitches, Mr Big Time Pimp?
Yeah
Didn't I tell you...that the phone in my limousine is busted and I can't get in contact with my bitches?
Yeah, the phone in the limo is busted. What is you? Ignorant?

[Hook: Reef The Lost Cauze]
I be walkin', talkin', chillin', sippin', pimpin', mackin', actin' like I'm
(Rich beeotch, I'm rich beeotch)
I make moves on the low, what I do with the doe, new shoes and clothes
I'm frontin' like I'm
(Rich beeotch, I'm rich beeotch)
You should be like me, fresh Timb, white tees, Nike's in all colors man
(Rich beeotch, I'm rich beeotch)
I'm dead broke on the low, it's all for show, nobody knows I ain't really
(Rich beeotch, I'm rich beeotch)

[Verse One: Charon Don]
Ayo, pimpin', spendin' money, kissin' honeys
This is funny till my pension got me pinchin' pennies
Lookin' bummy, hungry still
I won't allow my shoes to lean
Won't allow my mood to swing
I won't allow my crew to bling
I got awhile to do my thing
You know my style is clean
More Polo than Ralph Lauren
For solo go out with Timb's
Poor folks don't know how to spend
But Charon know how to blend
Every color gotta match
Why these suckas got attacks
Not every brother's has your back
When I was younger, had to scrap
Everything I ever wanted
Was a dream until confronted
Never seemed that I would plummet
Shoppin' sprees, overdone it
Off in V's, over budgets
Coppin' trees, sober stomach
Cut the cheese like "oh who done it?"
And I can throw you hundreds of them dollar bills
This is how a baller feels when he don't let his dollars build
Chill
And I'm in it to win it with no digits
I ain't gotta be rich beeyotch, I flow vicious

[Hook]

[Verse Two: Reef The Lost Cauze]
You see me dressed up, new suit pressed up
Lookin' brand new with a fresh cut, yes sir
Fresh kicks never messed up
I done stepped up
And guess what, guess what
I ain't shit to show
Except for the show that I rock at the show when I rock
On my back I rock on my back
You think that I'm gettin' doe, that's not the fact
[?] props for blacks so I spent my paycheck down at shop for racks
Copped a jersey, copped a hat
Find a pair of kicks I can rock to match
Why stop with that?
Now a days gotta look hot to rap
It's on $300 for this stocking cap
I had to get two pair homeboy
Cause you know they look real hot in black
Holla back if you're spendin' your loot on Timberland boots
Puttin' a hole through your dollar stacks
That's what happens when you follow cats
Dressin' after niggas spittin' hollow raps
Your own style get wild with that
I do look sharp and I'm proud of that
Be careful what you rock late at night
Cause them boys might just take you outta that
This is for them cats
That spend they savings on clothes
Or my boosters, who never ever payin' for clothes
Yeah it's cool to look sharp, don't let it rape in your soul
Just stay, fresh and clean like the players of old

[Hook]

[Outro]
Yeah. E.Dan, you a monster baby. Shouts out to all my...baller...budget...brothers. NahI'msayin'? I know that light bill past due but you need a new pair of kicks so you gon' get you a fresh pair. Younah'msayin'? Shouts out to Charon Don, Good Hands. An extra special shout out goes out to all them southernplayalisticadallicmuzik funky brothers. I love what y'all do, so I had to do one my own way. Bi-coastal love. That's the problem with the game man. That these cats don't appreciate...all the regions. I got love for up north. I got love for out west. And I damn sure got love for the south. That's where all these niggas come from anyway