[Hook]
Yo I need weed, give me guns, give me butter lord
My bags are packed, I’m about to head out on another tour
I need a wife in my life, I’m tired of fucking whores
Um, scratch that, hey yo pass that
I need weed, give me guns, give me butter dawg
My bags are packed, I’m about to head out on another tour
I need a wife in my life, I’m tired of fucking whores
Um, scratch that, hey yo pass that

[Verse One]
Lazy Sunday shit, I’ll love you one day bitch
But for for now I’mma just get high
I got that wild green, put on some Al Green
Take a seat my dudes, how’s things?
Me, myself been struggling lately
Think I’mma die soon so I want me a baby
Huh? Why you laughing nigga? Stop trying to play me
I know I shouldn’t want a lady cause these bitches are crazy
But I’m on the road most times alone
When I get off the plane nobody there to take me home
Don’t get me wrong, I love my life to the fullest but
Damn this el is tight, can’t even pull it cuz
Where was I? Damn I forgot
Cut the game on nigga, I think it’s on Fox
I’mma shoot to the store and grab me another dutch
Order pizza or something, I’m hungrier than a motherfuck

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Y’all heard that knew Ghost shit? Yeah the joint bangs
You don’t like the new Wu? That shit is raw to me
Yo what was good with that broad? The one from Mali
She looked good last night, I think her name is Maureen
She wasn’t down to leave, some boy was on her sleeve
Are you kidding me? Are you shitting me?
She’s with that guy? The little fat guy?
Didn’t we trash him last time and give him black eyes?
I gotta hit the bathroom, I told you not to order from Southside
Their food is bad news
Little Ronnie got hit? Damn that’s bad news
I remember his sister from school, she was mad cool
Why you hoovering? Passed it like an hour ago
Y’all just devour my ‘dro, I got more coming in an hour or so
But in the meantime twist up the green lime
Fuck the world, this my me time
Falling back with my crew puffing the ooze, the slime
I rhyme but I’m just a regular dude
Today I ain’t rapping, I just want to play Madden
Blaze cabbage and escape from the madness

[Hook