[Verse One]
How many times I gotta tell you this?
You ain't the truth, I'm the evidence
Settle this or get your melon split
I ain't Gallagher I'm the child of the Wild Style battles
The rapper who rock like Metallica
Or Black Sabbath it's black magic, I'm back at it
Black Candles, silver hammers with black handles
Ask Scandal, this man flow ammo
Artist's stack [?]
Quicker than that cat Randall
Cunningham
In his prime, fuck another plan, it's time
If Reef can't take over than nothing can
You'se a running man but only in place though
I don't like rap it's only a scapegoat
The state don't, like my piss test cuz
Rap is like your life, you need to give that up
This that cut
The deepest, Reef is the reason MC's are breachin' they contract
Damn you leaking nigga

[Hook] {x2}
If you didn't hear it right let me tell you again
You are now in tune to the main event
And your life will never be the same again
I'd like to welcome everybody to the main event

[Verse Two]
I know you heard me cat, white, red or dirty rat
Dirty blacks "somofabitch" like Bernie Mac
I'll smack your eye crooked, like Bernie Mac
Proper English, naw, I never learned me that
But I'll steal it as a hot skillet
Try writin' your own rhymes instead of reciting Pac's lyrics
Then maybe you'll be
A far greater MC
But don't begin to believe you can hang with Sharif
I'm weighing in at 210
Yeah
Rockin' a black dickie suit and some Timbs
And yeah
Ain't none of y'all fuckin' with him
Dawg, you fuck around and I'll scuff up your chin

[Hook]

[Verse Three]
The fire in me burnin', I'm higher than any hurdle
So try me and I'ma serve you, liable to murk you, you catch a curb tooth
I'm killer cuts
Turn my headphones up, nigga what?
Turn 'em up
It's fisticuffs
The real deal you won't get a cut
You the type to split a dutch and won't even get a puff
I'm the next B.I.G. without the nigga Puff
I probably shouldn't say shit like that, but I don't give a fuck

[Outro: Reef talking]
Yeah. Ride on that bitch. Lost Cauze. Feast Or Famine. Emynd. Good Hands what's up nigga?