[Intro] [Reef talking]:
Yeah, Stress Files baby. What's goin' on y'all? It's your boy Reef The Lost Cauze. Some of y'all might of heard of me, some of y'all might not. But this is just another attempt for me to get the music out there to the world. And this time I'm gettin' it with my man Stress from the Crush Unit Camp. You know...homeboy's been doin' his thing for a long time. Shit's slammin'. So we gon' get it in like this man. We just want y'all to sit back, puff somethin'...drink somethin'...shit remain sober if you need to. And just enjoy what we, what we put together. I'm gonna start it off like this

[Chorus]:
I'm at a point in my life where it's sorta like I'm pointin' a knife
So sharp be the joints that I write
I'm at a point in my life where it's sorta like I'm pointin' a knife
So sharp be the joints that I write
I'm at a point in my life where it's sorta like I'm pointin' a knife
So sharp be the joints that I write
I'm at a point in my life where it's sorta like I'm pointin' a knife
So sharp...

[Verse One]:
How you want it dawg?
Ayo, what you in the mood for?
I got plenty of thoughts to prepare the food on
Or I can give you my views on this cruel world
And leave the track smokin' like the kids by the school door
And let that sink in the ink pen and toilet tissue
All I got in my pig pen, I'm 'bout to dig in
The game God willin'
I'm feelin' I'm in too deep
Ain't done with the old and got new beef
Cause rap is two streets intersecting
We're both leadin' to the same direction
A dead end, filled with dead men
Who fed into the allure of war tours but never got they foot in the door
Bitter old heads and even young boys
I'm somewhere in between another album done for, I've done four
The fifth and six be in the mix soon
The studio's my jones, I'm steady needin' a fix like oooww
I ain't used to believe in this shit
But when I look into the eyes of the crowd, I'm seein' the shit
I'm scared of my power so I never abuse it
This ain't no hot streak my nigga, I never lose it
Wasn't sure at first, had a bad case of writer's block
Now I'm smashin', the flow is bull in a china shop
Gorilla in glass factory
Now when you ask for me you gotta add a cash fee, ain't no more rap for free
Just my fam get a pass but see
A lot of kids got that fam shit twisted
Homie listen
I ain't got no friends, or dawg or man
Cause people front and I gotta pause 'em like I'm On Demand
Damn, it's unfortunate, the mic is still strong in hand
I'm on again, we gon' to win
The right way though, I don't need to cheat to beat y'all
I'll leave y'all niggas unbalanced like a see saw
The Reef war is C-4, close to explodin'
My albums is classic, from the way that they open
Get focused jokers
Before I make you disappear on some hocus pocus
Now let's go kids

I'm at a point in my life