[Verse 1: Reef The Lost Cauze]

Woke up in a Motel Six at ten to six
Someone pinched my wrist, this fat bitch eating a Twix
Did a backflip out the bed, I crawled to the exit
She screamed, “Wait a second! You got me and my sister pregnant!”
Looked up, another big bitch in my face
I said, “Wait. There’s some mistake.” (Did you say steak?)
Kicked their legs out, I tried to run out
But the bitch pulled a pump out and started to dump out
Shots whizzing by me, I ran through the lobby
Before I hit the door security boy tried to stop me
I blew right past him but I didn’t get far
Cause the man with the tow truck repossessed my car
Wait that’s a lie, I don’t even drive
What the hell happened to me? Where the fuck am I?
I walked three miles to a Texaco
Asked the store clerk, he said you about three miles from Mexico
I was ? what I learned in this discussion
Then I heard this just in, pardon the interruption
Authorities believe Shareef the thief lazy
Had just become a recent escapee from a shady
Mental ward so if you see him please move to safety
He’s considered armed, dangerous, and mad crazy
He ate a baby and robbed several convenience stores
In the county and his bounty is behemoth
Hundred grand for this man dead or alive
Around this time a clerk put a gun to my eye
But to his surprise I knocked it away and started to bail
Half way to the border, either freedom or jail

[Hook: Reef The Lost Cauze]

Now this ain’t funny so don’t you dare laugh
Just the result of getting thrashed too fast
Sweet looking pills are all combined
And in our mind shit like this happens all the time

[Verse 2: Reef The Lost Cauze]

I made it to the border, they had it surrounded
No stone unturned, no inches unfounded
I thought for sure I’m done for, death was my cause
Till I heard someone say, “Hey mister, you wanna buy a horse?”
I said, “Hey yo, I’ll give you twenty pesos if you slip me in your country.”
He said, “Fifty.” We rolled through this deserted town in the desert
Filled with nothing but the poorest of peasants
He said he needed to talk to someone in this bodega
When he went in everyone started eyeing the stranger
A big diesel dude walked up and started staring me down
Obvious that I’m probably not from the town
He asked me in perfect English if I was American
Started to reply but instead I just stared at him
And that’s when my guide came running outside
Pushed me off the horse, into the sunset he rides
My big burly friend let out a sigh and said
It seems like your friend has left you to die
Before I had a chance to muster any type of remark
Felt a whack over my head and everything went dark, let’s go

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Reef The Lost Cauze]

Woke up in a basement tied to a chair
Mouth gag made it hard for me to breathe any air
The door opened and an angel appeared I swear
A man in all white glide gently down the stairs
He whispered, “Fear not.” moved the scarf from my lips
And in the midst of cloud of smoke from the cigarette lit
”Welcome to my home, amigo.” the voice said quietly
I said, “That’s how you treat your guests? How about untying me?”
I cannot do that, I don’t know your intentions
I do know you have a choice, listen to my proposition
I have connections in your country, I am very powerful
I help you if you help me with something very valuable
A guitar from the Spanish Wars is in this case
Take it to America and in three days
You’ll receive a phone call and I’ll tell you where to take it
That is of course if you can make it through the snake pits
A lot of people want to get their hands on it
If you do this for me my friend there’s five hundred grand on it
That’s a lot of money but I cannot take the boat
I am banned from your country for slicing a gringo’s throat
But I have connections at the border to get you across
But only if you’re willing to follow my orders
Well what’s my other choice? Do it or I’ll feed you to my pig farm
First you’ll be beaten and then pissed on
Hm, let me think, okay, I’ll play, show me the way back to the USA
I’ll get you there today, my head started spinning again
I’m about the black out pass out beginning again

[Hook]

[Verse 4: Reef The Lost Cauze]

The next morning I woke up in my bed and it seems
That everything I heard and seen was part of some dream
I went to the bathroom, saw my shirt was red
My leg bore a bullet wound and there was bumps on my head
Then I heard a beeping instant message on my pager
It said Reef get outta there, you’re in grave danger
Then I heard a crash and my dog started barking
I hid in the hall closet and heard a Spanish nigga talking
Silence followed by car tires screeching
Downstairs I’m creeping and don’t believe what I’m seeing
My crib looked like the ending of Scarface
On the TV read a note, we want the guitar case
If you want your dog to live and your crib not to be blown up
Meet us at city hall, no cops better show up
Ran upstairs, under the bed I dug to my dismay
There it was staring me in my face
The gold case with a dragon emblazed on the side
I decided to open it to see what may cause me to die
When I opened up the case I felt a lump in my throat
What I thought was a guitar was forty bricks of coke, oh shit