[Intro]
The love of my lif...I just want you to know that no matter what...no matter what you goin' through, no matter what's happenin'...no matter what people say, you're perfect. You understand me? You're perfect

[Verse 1]
I look at your face and see flawlessness
Perfection, a wonderful and gorgeous kid
A gentle soul with a smile that radiates
A laugh that makes time stand still and takes all pain away
But the doctor's say you need therapy
Using words like, "delayed development" and it's scaring me
And now they saying it's autism
To me that means you just unique like all God's children
You're not saying things that you're used to
And you don't follow certain things that you should be used to
Deep down, I feel like it's my fault
Cause a child doesn't just learn things, a child is taught
I feel I failed you as a teacher
Failed you a father, I'm trying so hard to reach ya
Mommy and I will try our best to guide you
And one day you will let out all the gifts that are inside you

[Hook] {​​x2}​​
You are the reason that my heart should beat
So you don't never have to talk to me
Cause daddy knows what you're saying even if you don't speak
I'll be here when you ready
I'll be here when you ready my love

[Verse 2]
And I hope you don't mind that I put this on a record
But I love you so much I had to put this on record
I promise you'll never be given up on or neglected
And daddy would die first before you're disrespected
And yeah, some folks may chatter
But as long as you happy baby boy that's all that matters
All these doctors and hospitals is heavy
You look at me like, "Daddy, I'm cool. I'ma talk when I'm ready"
We live in a society quick to diagnose
But what they don't see is the person I see at home
And that is my son, a magical soul, so words don't matter here
Cause when he needs me I know
And God don't make mistakes or accidents
But I know one day we gon' look back at this, we passing this
But this ain't no race
We go at your pace
Take your time, don't worry we'll wait my love

[Hook]

My love {​​ {​x16}​

[Verse 3]
I admit, your mother and I are scared
We were somewhat aware but we both feel a bit unprepared
The tears we shared because you is so loved
And your mama's strength is helping us out so much
She's making the appointments and doing the research
And daddy just praying every day 'til his knees hurt
We don't want you to feel upset
Your pain is ours, the thought alone just hurts my chest
Yeah you need less sugar and better rest
To be around kids your own age and not left to the TV set
We just don't want it hard for you
I wrote this song for you
But I know ain't nothing wrong with you

[Reef talking]
Uh huh. There ain't nothing wrong with you boy. Not at all. Minor setback, you know what I'm saying? That's it baby that's it. We keep it moving. I see a genius when I look at your face. You my everything. My heart

[Hook]