How long will they mourn me?

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
So many, buried peers, throughout the years
While pouring out liquor and beers
For all my homies that wasn't here
Can't help but shedding tears at the cemetery
Makin' me wonder if this loaded pistol is necessary
Even the preacher could see the pain in my mother's eyes
While walkin' by, can't help but sympathize when brothers die
Maybe the pain will make the situation change
No murder for murder, but homicide will never end, this crooked game
Bullets is blasted, time pass, brothers in masks
Retaliation is the aftermath
All that remains is a corpse wrapped in plastic
Call up his momma tell her; her babies in the casket
No love for 'em
Just put his body in the grave
Even the pistols and all the prayers couldn't save 'em
Look how they played 'em
They should've murdered me when I was born
'Cause now I'm trapped in the violence of the storm
How long will they mourn me?

[Hook: Kyle Rifkin]
How long will they mourn me?
I was ready to raise hell when I was born see
Whatever it is, I know I gotta be me, I gotta be free
To all of my homies, you gotta strive to be free
How long will they mourn me, mourn me, mourn me?
Hey! oo yeah, yeah, yeah

[Verse 2: DJ King Assassin]
Kicking back drinking liquor, smoking blunts and skunk
And reminiscing about my niggas that's dead and gone
So many homies lost they lives, even though it's do in life
Three strikes in the pen', never sent them again
In this life full of sinnin' and only god can judge me
Whether it's bad or ugly
I'm tryin' to maintain, take control of every time I think it's love
Nigga's jealousy for what? Fell a victim to a slug
Now they label us thugs but real thugs givin' love
Fake thugs hold [?] for a brother coming up or B-I-tch!!
Stuck in work, niggas sprung off the guts
They killed my nigga for what
Thug for ever Kato

And when I'm gone, will they mourn me?

[Verse 3: Big Syke]
Every breathin' day Homie
You stayed down when them other bustas didn't know me
From my heart to the trigger, I miss my dawg
Reminiscing of the days as a young hog
I remember kickin' back, you wanted to lack
I live the super fly, and you wanted to be the mack
Up all night smoking and drinking
Hung around so much, you knew what I was thinkin'
Tell me Lord, why you take big Kato?
So confused not knowing which way to go
I'm goin' crazy 'cause I'm runnin' out of time
I can't take it, I'm losin' my mind
So day after day, ride after ride
We'll hook up on the other side
Watch over your family and your newborn
'Til we meet again homie
How long will they mourn me?

[Hook: Kyle Rifkin]
How long will they mourn me?
I was ready to raise hell when I was born see
Whatever it is, I know I gotta be me, I gotta be free
To all of my homies, you gotta strive to be free
How long will they mourn me, mourn me, mourn me?
Hey! oo yeah, yeah, yeah

[Verse 4: Rated R (Double Jeopardy)]
Damn although I'm tired of feeling sad
I'm tired of putting in work
I'm tired of cryin', watch my homies leave the earth
I know soon one day I'll be in the dirt
And my peoples'll be mournin'
When they get a call from the coroner
All my dawgs can do is get they roll on
And get tossed up
[?] hit me deep that's the funeral home
Rest in love to the homie Kato
See you in the crossroads real soon
For now let me pour out some brew
I can't forget my homie
R.I.P. big baller
How long will you mourn me when I be dead and gone?

[Verse 4: Macadoshis (Mac 10)]
I know life's a trip, and everybody gotta go
But tell me why it had to be my homie Kato?
Another nigga fell victim to the chrome
It's enough to make you crazy, it's fuckin' with my dome
You only live once on this Earth
A nigga had it bad, since the day of my motherfuckin' birth
My niggas say they down and they always be my homie
But when a nigga gone, how long will you mourn me?

[Hook: Nate Dogg & 2Pac]
I wish it would have been another
(Yeah! Mac 10 in this motherfucker, yeah!)
How long will you mourn me?!
How long will they mourn my brother?
(Thug Life, boy, Nate, blowin' that shit)
I wish it would have been another
(Nate Dogg, do that shit, nigga, yeah)
How long will you mourn me?!
How long will they mourn my brother?
(This for my nigga Kato, and all his kids)
How long will you mourn me?!
I wish it would have been another
How long will they mourn my brother?