It's a hell of life, young juice in da buildinggggg...Zaytoven on da track...ayyye
It's a wonderful life yeah im livin da life..big city lights baby check out my ice
It's a beautiful thang baby look at my reign vvs carots take a peek at my chain...
It's a wonderful life yeah im livin da life..big city lights baby check out my ice....
It's a beautiful thang baby look at my reign vvs carots take a peep at my chain....
It's a colorful life baby check out my ice pinkey worth 30 and my chain is some dice vvs shoe take u shopping for ice
I'm like a frigadere cuz im loaded w/ ice ball off in da club
And it's twenty a night gucci shoes and gucci cost a hell of a light 7 pounds of purple
And that's one pound a night 09 ashanti cruisin thru the city lights....
Out my bracelet don't it shine like a light fruity color carrot won't u check out my ice...
Cut the cake cut the ?? sell the pot twice...YOUNG JUICEMAN GOD DAMNIT IM NICE..
It's a wonderful life yeah im livin da life..big city lights baby check out my ice
It's a beautiful thang baby look at my reign vvs carots take a peek at my chain...(x2)
It's a beautiful thang baby check out my chain pockets stupid grammar red watch me chain swang...
Back to back magnum call same thang..hundred carrot necklace white like jackie chan...
All white ???? summer cocaine six cell phones said beat like rain pull up in my trap
In a 2010 range swang my front door ill get u plenty of them thangs....
White tan brown baige even mary jane...
Stupid poundz of heavenely I need my medicine...
Hundreds wraps of swisher blunts I smoke some fruity shit bouldercrest workin and im down to count some sticks...
It's a wonderful life yeah im livin da life..
Big city lights baby check out my ice
It's a beautiful thang baby look at my reign vvs carots take a peek at my chain...(X2)
Get like, get like yeah we in da big light pull up at da bennihana car
It got them twin pipes game on purple got me smokin out da weed pipe...
Fast lane left lane hotter than the fast life...
Ride down the express way 20 in my tail pipe ??? trinadad
And its sex is real life young juiceman zaytoven on the loud track 32 ent and we got that loud pack.....
It's a wonderful life yeah I&#039;m livin&#039; da life..
Big city lights baby check out my ice
It's a beautiful thang baby look at my reign vvs carots take a peek at my chain...(X2)