[Intro : Gucci Mane]
Dirty Birds in this motherfucker, it's Gucc'! (ay yeah boyyy)
Matter of fact it's Big Gucci in this motherfucker (ay yeah)
Flockaveli, Birdman (ay yeah boyyy)
Ca$h Money, Brick Squad linked up 1017 (BRICK SQUAD !)

[Hook : Waka Flocka]
Hit the streets, make some moves, get my paper, this is what I do !
Blow kush smoke on my haters, this is what I do !
Fuck with the real, fuck you fakers, this is what I do !
About my money ? Fuck you pay me, this is what I do, huh ?
This is what I do, for real ? This is what I do, word ?
This is what I do, bitch ! This is what I do, huh ?
This is what I do, for real ? This is what I do, word ?
This is what I do, bitch ! This is what I do

[Verse 1 : Gucci Mane]
It's Big Gucci, (Ha !) mob moves you wise fools
You can't mute me, my whole life I'm ProTools
First day appeal, just salute me or shoot me
I stand on my word, I'm like Luke in the 90's
Cocaine crazy, 1980 baby
2/12 they birthed me, now find me in Miami
East Atlanta with me, always to the Grammy's
This time ? Big bucks, no Whammies
My trunk slammin', my track jammin'
I'm too fancy, manners I left 'em
I'm healthy, stealthy, and wealthy, you try me ?
I'll probably show a nigga how to drive a jet ski
Them Brick Squad niggas got me like I got me
Me, Flock and Baby back to Bank in red Bugattis
Brick Squad, Zone 6, Ca$h Money, whattup ?
I might just fuckin' buy my mom a Maserati

[Hook]

[Verse 2 : Waka Flocka Flame]
I got 6's on my red & black whip (This is how I do)
Watch them girls choose, iced up like a fool
Po'n lean in my styrogoam, this is how I Screw
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... ha! (Flocka !)
Flexin' with the crew, mean muggin' who ?
Bad attitude, what-chu, wanna, do ?
20 bottles, 40 blunts, meet me, on the, moon (Hold up)
Make it, make it, rain, now my lil' bitch strippers call me Papa Mane
Let my, pants hang, watch me, do my, chain, swang
Takin', bitches, mane, with this, yellow, diamond, karat, chain
Waka, Flocka, Flame, Gucci, Gucci, Mane
He with the Birdman, this is how we hang

[Hook]

[Verse 3 : Juiceman]
Ay ! Ayy ! Ayyy !
This is what I do, when I cut a damn fool
Man I come through Chevrolet, but it look grapefruit
Get my money stack it up, this is what real players do (Yessir)
If, he don't get no money then that nigga need to shoot
Smokin' kush at the house, while yo' bitch clean my shoe
Real gangsta nigga mayyyne, this is what I do
Say lil' partner just hit me sayin' "Man I need a deuce" (Okay !)
So I hit him with the Four's, this is what I do
Killed yo' baby momma, this is what I do (Damn !)
Work chipped cell phones, this is what I do
Rims on my car look like man they runnin' out they shoe
With that blue 20 piece, look like my backyard swimming pool