(DJ Paul)
Jealous, jealous, jealous, jealous ass bitches!
Jealous ass bitches!
Jea, Jea, jealous ass bitches! jealous ass bitches!

[Hook - repeat 4X]
Draped up and dripped out, know what I'm talkin bout
Jealous ass bitches, let that steam out ya collar ho!

[Verse 1: DJ Paul]
My killas and playas
We gotta hit the speaker up on a certain subject tho
These niggas hatas so they talk shit bout us to our hoes
They talk shit tryna put salt in our peeing
These niggas being
Some hating bitches but not seein
We goin after you enemies
Anger is all in me
Graspin another clip
Infared and feel these
Cross outs
Or get tossed out
On that pizzacks
Slammed to the pavement
For a fizz(JEALOUS!)
Never really cool wit me
Hoes ya gotta put em up
Backstabbers and downers hold ya down but bitch im
Bout some commers
Puttin them guns up
For ya lame
Take no charges for ya man
Toe to toe witcha ho
No problem man we can swang bang Bitch!

[Verse 2: Lord Infamous]
Well I be damned
It's Scarecrow and Gotti, Carlito, Montana and Hoffa
We choppin off foes on these funky ass bitches
Cuz they ain't got shit else to offer, Baraka
I'm only 5'5" so I love when they call me Lil' Papa
I can't get opposed, the coffins are closed
Less evil down here by tha dock
Cuz they think they some conors
But in a lil while you fuck niggas gone be some blood donors
We ridin' through in the Elantra
With the grenade launcher
They dead on the corner we comin real loca
I tell ya the nigs in my click man we comin real loca
They stayin real blow on tha snow
Always Coca Cola... but not the kind in the can
The kind in the refrigerator or in the drink stand
These niggas got faith in they strap like a crucifix
Run on there knees by the purest christian
And niggas in mafia land do not give a damn
After you pity our brands
We dont have to been that great cuz its no smoking the
Calico fully load, check yo collar

[Hook] 2X

[Verse 3: Gangsta Boo]
A nova gettin money lendin niggas pimp by the Boo
They want me to smile but steady I frown
Ain't nothin but gangsta up in me fool
For what its worth im takin you bitches main
Niggas and dollars he's winin' n dinin' his lady
So let that steam out yo collar
And face reality
You can't compare when it come to misses Boo
Can't be taking no losses from none of you project ho bitches
I'm livin it up stayin down, tryna get what I can
From the 9-6 to 2G, I'm lovin money not man
So why you playa hatin
Ho you need to dig what I peep
You wonderin why you ain't bail
Cuz you be fuckin for free
So since you hot you better let that steam up outta your collar
I'm gettin richer and richer I love the almighty dollar

[Verse 4: Juicy J]
Back when I was broke didn't nobody wanna fuck wit me
Hangin' with my nigga D-Magic in his property
Cypress Garden niggas with them triggers
Slangin' nothin' but fruit
Making junkies flip into a zone like they on that screw
Those was my idols, Dan and J. said stick to rap
Cause if you die in that shit I'mma get tha gat
3 years passed and I finally got a fuckin' break
Three 6 Mafia, "Mystic Stylez", niggas start to hate
'fore I started makin' cheese, sellin tapes underground
Playas stay down, now they frown when I come around
But I'm maintaining still drankin' hatin' I can't destroy
Every time I ride all I hear is "fuck witcha boy!"

[Hook] 2X

Draped up and dripped out
Jealous ass bitches, let that steam out ya collar ho
Draped up and dripped out
Jealous ass bitches, let that steam out ya collar ho!