[DJ Paul sample]
Glock 19 is tucked nicely down my fruit of the looms
For them niggas that trick it in, I'm stickin' up them tracks they boom

[Hook]
Murder is all, murder is all on my mind
Murder is all, murder is all, murder is all on my mind
Murder is all, murder is all on my mind
Murder is all on my mind
So I grip my plastic nine

[Verse 1: Lord Infamous]
I unload the ammo, fire glows
I had a choice yet evil is what I chose
Mysterious menacing multiple murders
Man-made mutilaters, the madness technology
Unknown, notorious annihilation
My punishment pain revelation
I don't know why I spent my time killing off my own kind
I guess it's cuz I find watching you cry-die satisfies my eyes
Sacred grounds of terror, oh yes you may enter
Trails of blood left in the snow during the course of winter

[Verse 2: DJ Paul]
I can see it now or should I say I saw women
Two bodies of busters ripped by a chainsaw
Triple Six your nemesis, test my nuts I bury you bitch
Porch full of ninas when I (oops) drop you in a ditch
(?) my mind so I gotta find another (?)
...
...
So save your own lives and keep that bullshit to yourself man before you get fucked up, curse of the Killa Man
Dirty ass

[Bridge]
Yeah this is Lucifer, the leader of the Three 6 Mafia
Crunchy Black, tell these hoes what happen
When you was first ordered into my clique

[Verse 3: Crunchy Black]
It all happened one night, a nigga couldn't sleep
I'm lyin' in the entrance, sweat from my head to my feet
My body disfigured, I start to change form
I can't believe it's on again, a demon reborn
I get a hundred ... kinda ...
Look on the mattress was weapons
Should I light carry?
The machete got me crave like a cannibal
Clothes ripped up, runnin' wild like a animal
Through the dark cuts of my area
Koop would gave 'em nightmare
But Crunchy Black more scarier, I bury ya
Bitches alive, I'm droppin dirt in yo face
(The Triple Six gotta kinda blast you bitches
Yo murders no trace, I blaze) killer with grenade
(Tightly grip them Tec's
Remove your head from your neck and then)
The hogs will (?) likely every time (la-la)
Murder on my mind bitch

[Verse 4: Gangsta Boo]
Thinkin' of how to kill a trick
Cause murder, bitch, is on my mind
Call my nigga Paul, he scoop me up
He got the plastic nine
Ready to blast a bitch that be like
Slippin' and trippin' and talkin' that shit
Talkin' the shit about what they gon' do
But don't do it, you scary bitch
I'm tired of all you (?) busta ...
Glock 19 ... Gangsta Boo (?)
You bitches, you snitches
I rob you for your riches
Don't think cause I'm a female it can't go down
Cause I ain't slick bitch
Thre Triple 6 Mafia comin' too hard
On you busta ass bitches and got you mad
Got you mad but got me glad
I'm bumpin' so hard on yo monkey ass
A gangsta type that's scandalous
That bitch that do like (?) shit
Shit that get yo ass in trouble
Shit that get yo wig split
None of you niggas that wanna be killers
Ain't even made a fucking stang
...
So you can give all of yo credits mane
On my mind is murder
Time to serve up me a phonky trick
Evil thoughts is in my head
Come on, it's time to kill a bitch