[Hook: DJ Paul] 4x
Southside Riders, come on out hiders
We gon' quickly make you bleed

[Verse 1: Gangsta Boo]
So you wanna battle me in a competition that can't be completed
Nigga it's meant to be the shit since I have found Prophety
You niggas be jealous cause the fellas that I roll with be tight
(?) never hatin' baby, smoked out parties all night
I can see yo pain all over (?) blurry
Kinda teary in yo eyes, that mean you out of luck
On the self destruction (?) killing me softly
You niggas be quick to run your mouth when you seeing me
But nigga please, I ain't got time for that hoe shit
Southside Riders, Prophet Posse all about gettin' rich
Busta what I tell you ain't that soft shit (?)
Flowin' like the blood that's in yo veins, ain't it kinda strange

[Verse 2: DJ Paul]
We loadin' up them .40 cal's to smoke yo ass like a Black & Mild
You'll never be from the BHZ so hoe don't even not play with me
(?) that wickedness, just don't forget yo fuckin' vest
Animosity means a lot to me, B wanna find out, try to test
Take a shot for yo head to da toe, I blast (?) no moe
I outlast da (?), (?), catch 'em with a low blow
Better get yourself together, we tougher than leather, you're light as a feather
My enemies never survive (?) they're not clever
However, I'm leavin' hoes drownin' in yo own blood
A pool of fools that was poisoned by they own drugs
Triple 6 in ya shit, (?) head
Prophet Posse in yo face hoe, (?)

[Hook: DJ Paul] 4x
Southside Riders, come on out hiders
We gon' quickly make you bleed

[Verse 3: Juicy J]
Will I survive in this motherfuckin' life?
My nigga got carjacked, he wasn't strapped, they bucked him twice
And just like in the movie "New Jack City" with Wesley Snipes
Young niggas are puttin' them tones up to yo dome in broad daylight
A bitch can get you (?) trick and leave you sick
You wake up in your sleep at night and all you hear is clicks
And clicks and clicks from guns and shit to make your (?) stiff
A bodybag to drag yo body, dump you in a ditch
For this I watch my back from where I'm at cause niggas change
This fool I used to know, he was a hoe but now he slang
(?) that coke, that (?) white blow, fortune and fame
The nigga joined a gang and he ain't scared to shoot that thang

[Verse 4: Lord Infamous]
Lyin' in my candlelit bedroom with three dead models
Then I heard a noise so I put down my new Stephen King novel
What could it be ... Infamous portraits are horrid
It could not be nothin' (?) visions or voices the Lord sent
(?), my (?) back in the shadows, we don't want to warn them
The punishment will be the ultimate suffering, summon (?) scorned in
(?) in the window pane, put away the dead remains, face the (?) of chase
Don't scare away our company, someone wants to come play in the Black Rain
Mystic killa, killa, killa
Armor head to toe, armor like a armadill-ah
Nina, milli, military killa
Feel my strategy warfare nigga

[Hook: DJ Paul] 8x
Southside Riders, come on out hiders
We gon' quickly make you bleed