Spoken Outro
You know right now, I'm the biggest I've ever been, I don't need my stomach I mean... I'm pretty fucking big now
I have fans all over the world they write me on social media, my mixtapes go everywhere, MTV is finally playing my videos, my children are more famous than me now, shot out to Jela and Kela
Yet I still... I'm not satisfied, I strive for more and I'm also confused at this point of my career, what am I? Like what am I right now, I... at uhm South by Southwest this year you know I been 100 since day one, so I walk around Sixth street I don't just be in my hotel all day like a fuck nigga I like touching my fans and taking pictures with them, interacting with them. People all weekend, all different races, asian, white people, black people are walking up to me "Oh my god it's BeatKing, bro you a legend", "Oh my god it's the legend BeatKing" and I'm just like legend I don't feel like a le... I don't think cause if I'm a legend then what the fuck is Bun B, what the fuck is Lil Keke, what the fuck is Slim, what is Chamillionaire I don't think I'm a legend. What the fuck am I? I'm not a lil nigga... I ain't broke either... I'm on tv, I'm on the radio everywhere, what am I? Because I'm not like Slim and them I'm not in that area, but I ain't no lil nigga like bitches scream in the mall "Oh my go...", what am I? Is the word veteran? I don't think I'm a veteran that mean old and shit I mean but I ain't old, what the fuck am I? I'm not a lil nigga, but I'm not looked at like a  Z-Ro or Paul Wall oh shit, but I get money and my shows are movies, what am I? White people, asian "It's the legend BeatKing, can I take a picture oh my god can't believe it's you" like I don't feel like that, but I be like what am I? [?] Club God. Yeah man shot out to my fans, anybody that support me man cause you I ain't have to I love y'all to death. Every DJ, every radio PD, everybody. One thing I'm learning this year is that whatever I am I hit another level and with that level it's a lot of love from your fans they love you forever, they feel like they personally  know you and I feel like I personally know all my fans, if you a fan of me then I feel like we're the same person, we the sane class clown , we roast people and we all like wings and pizza, we the same people. But aside from that fan love the industry love dampens, you don't get the same love...  from them people that you got the first year I call it "The new nigga excitement". First year, that first yearis so amazing all the things that'll happen to you, you not broke no more, everybody supporting you cause you the new nigga. Next year it falls off a little bit, you don't your music stays the same, "yea ain't bout that life ho", nigga I still was poppin', you know what I'm saying the next year after that "throw that ass bitch", what? I keep it moving with the hits, but you know that support from them same motherfucking people who was supporting you at first like for some reason they feel like they ain't gotta support you no more, it become expected they your new song come out they look it at "It's gonna get popular we don't need to support him", no bitch support me like you did in 2010, ho. I'm the same nigga making the same shit, but in 2010 I was the new nigga and it's always new niggas. Damn I talked it like a veteran, I don't know what the fuck am I, I don't know what I am but I've seen a lot people done switched up and done make me, it got me, I talk like this I now, sound like I be fucking preaching and shit, I don't like this shit I sound like a old nigga, what am I man "back in my days they used to" I sound like one of them niggas but  it's real that support ain't the same. My fans know what it is, everytime I drop some they let the world know, nigga "BeatKing dropped bitch", "Have you heard this right here, bitch ?" Man and I love y'all to death for this shit man you know what I'm sayin'? Like I say right now I'm bigger than I've ever been I'm on MTV, now everyday. Five years ago it wasn't nobody but me and Tasha, man nobody wanna help us do shit, niggas is sit there and watch you, watch you not knowing and soon as you start popping "Hey man, now what you shoud now is let me help", shut the fuck up nigga you ain't try to help nobody do shit. I ain't need nothing, man I ain't talking nigga I need you to do something for me, but bitch if you know if you got motherfucking couldn't... what am I? I don't know what I am. But it's gonna be a lot of thanking... what ever I am, I'm a different motherfucker now, you know what I'm sayin'? Fuck everybody ain't think it was possible, all them niggas fuck all y'all, fuck all them old niggas used to be around, fuck. Everybody ain't think that that shit was possible, everybody that act different today, you know what I'm sayin'? Cause I'm the same nigga and I ain't goin' nowhere I don't know if you got the memp. I can make hits everyday for the rest of my life and even when I die it's gon' be BeatKing always in the club. You ain't never gonna forget me, especially Houston, Texas nigga Houston Texas loves me nigga nobody ever gonna forget me nigga, ever, ever, ever... so I don't know what that makes me, I know if I die tomorrow no ones ever gonna forget me, so I don't know what I am what that makes me, but I like it. Shot out to all my fans again though you know what I'm saying, shot out to niggas who listen to these outros all the way to the end, y'all walk up on me in shows all over the country "Man, BeatKing, man what you said was really real in minute four of the outro on Club God 3" I'm like mann you really heard that man, shot out to you man so for my fans man you know I always gotta give y'all a hidden song man in this outro, just for the real niggas who be listening to me [?] man, cause I use these outros to talk to y'all, like I be talking to y'all like y'all my partners sitting with me in a car, you know what I'm saying? Like y'all C-Sharp and shit, you know what I'm saying? So this next song for let y'all hear man, is a song that didn't make it on the project that me and Gangsta Boo did, you know that project did really good and went everywhere, but we really did this shit in a month we did so many songs in a month and this song is just one of the songs that didn't make it, but it jam like a motherfucker tho, but it just didn't make it, so I want y'all to check this out, featuring me and Gangsta Boo called "Gangsta", produced by me you know what I'm sayin? Real talk man if you y'all ever this intro man I know y'all is man hit me on Instagram, hit me on Twitter man tell me what the fuck I am, cause I don't know what it is. I know I'm ain't no legend, I don't feel like no legend but I know I ain't no lil nigga cause I got motherfucking money, you know what I'm saying but let me know. Man I'm out this ho, run this shit...

Hidden Track "Gangsta" featuring Gangsta Boo

[Intro]
Gangsta, gangsta
Gangsta, gangsta
Ma-Ma-Mafia
Gangsta, gangsta
Gangsta, gangsta
Ma-Ma-Mafia

[Hook: Gangsta Boo (x2)]
Real gangster move in silence, okay
We be mobbin' like we [?], okay
A tommy gun mane old schools
Low key making major moves

[Verse 1: BeatKing]
Chillin' in VIP with that pawnshop pistol
Got a beam on that bitch ain't gon' fuckin' miss you
20 deep in this bitch when I roll up
Your bitch in my car she ignorin' your texts
Houston, Texas when we pour up
My music be slow with the [?] on the Lex
Studewood, Northside jackboys leave your mouth wide
Stay your bitch ass in the house, cause them killers outside
These out here tryna get money
These fuck niggas don't hear me
You doin' a show and you don't know nobody
You gon' come off the jury
These niggas out here be broke, nigga be going through shit
Niggas got kids that's it, niggas tryna play they real
Northside, Eastsidem Southside H-Town be wildin'
We don't make the First 48, cause gangsters move in silence

[Hook: Gangsta Boo (x2)]

[Verse 2: BeatKing]
Niggas settin' plates, I got bitches and they datin'
Set up basketball players, they do what I say
I get rap money but still hit licks like I'm seventeen
Got that banger on my dick these haters see me ridin' clean
I got shooters on my team, I'm strapped too so get your lurk on
Niggas gon' lose they life, thinking I'm pussy cause I make twerk songs
Thuggin' with Gangsta Boo, me in LA bumpin' Mista Don't Play
Tell a hater if you don't work then you don't get paid
So nigga fuck what you say
I don't owe these niggas shit, that's why they bitch on my dick
But I don't want her, Imma toss her to my nigga then he gon' flip
Northside, Eastsidem Southside H-Town be wildin'
We don't make the First 48, cause gangsters move in silence

[Hook: Gangsta Boo (x2)]