[Girl signing]:
8/11
All must fall
All must fall
All must fall
8/11
All must fall
All must fall
All must fall

[Royce talking]:
Jeah. I'mma tell y'all motherfuckers one thing right now. I just spilt my motherfuckin' liquor in this booth and I'm UPSET. Slaughterhouse is in the building. 8/11 album in stores. Nickle nine is in the building. You want a problem? It's yours

[Verse One]:
I am God's concoction of Molotov breathin'
Put inside an out and lost region
I am law, king and
I eat body, buy 'em all blingin'
Powder or weed, know I got it all seasoned
And you should just agree that you could be a G
And you can do the Shady thang, you can flip the E
Like the fifth letter in my nigga Shady's name
You fuckin' with the head conductor of the gravy train
I gotta thank the shooters
Cause they the reason niggas go missin' flyin' over that Triangle that ain't Bermuda
So what you speakin' 'bout?
It's ironic that I'm stayin' at The Palms and that's what your bitch eatin' out
I ain't that worried 'bout what you want to do to me
What the world would like to do to Dr. Conrad Murray
I'll be flow, switchin' so much it's almost a given

[Verse Two]:
Who they gon' compare us to?
This is not a contest
Slaughterhouse is a bionic bomb threat
This is God's doin' not a concept
This is not a contract
We are not The Four Horsemen, we are beyond that
Respect to Wu cause that respect was due
But we will step to any of the rest of you
If you ain't the Random Axe I don't see how you can relax

Let me repeat

If you ain't the Random Axe I don't see how you can relax
This is open season on any group, hammer back
You can jump in front of that barrel if you wanna
You on that marijuana, I'm high I'm feelin' like a pharaoh hailing from Ghana
Shark in that water though I am a whale of a problem
Back up the Bird like I'm Kevin McHale, I got 'em
He a beast, you need to stay on your tippy toes to see his feets
I let the re-up speak
I'll let you owe me, playin' PSP, while I let the homies play that GPS
So street thugs I recruit, I salute
That way I ain't gotta spill your cheap blood on my suit
What it cost me to tailor this, them niggas would kill for
They don't ask if it's rap beef or if it's real war
I'm the best nigga out, cut and dry done
No matter what you up to/two, I won/one
The combination of lion hearts and fine art
We like a modern day tribe you couldn't pry apart
If we ain't competing with the Juice Crewers
Busta Rhymes sittin' us down to Leaders Of The New Schoolers
DJ Premier is sayin' "Wow!"
Bun B, M.O.P., askin' niggas how
This is done in a way where it works for the betterment of everyone involved
It's intelligent, it's awesome
Before we had the block sayin', "Yeah, we fuck with y'all."
But now we got the Lox sayin', "Yeah, we fuck with y'all."
This is legendary, death to new groups
We cuttin' niggas short like the end of February
This is straight up pioneer driven
I ain't stoppin' till I am is where Em is
I'm the template for the I Am There premise
Like a butt naked snitch, bare witness
This is the undertaking
I am the dead business
August 11th niggas