[Intro: Royce Da 5'9" & DJ Premier]
Statik Selektah on the wheels of steel, gettin' it in!
Ay yo Miko, I need you to do me a favor my nigga (a million)
I need you to reach down in yo pants pocket (a million)
Put out like a million dollars to put up (a million) against these little niggas
Mothafuckas see you goin' for shit then (a million) start askin themselves a million and one questions like
"Is he gon' ever fall off?"
"Okay, I'm reloaded!"
No

[Verse]
Lot of speculation on the moneys I made, honeys I've slaved
How is he for real? Is that nigga really paid?
Hustlaz that I've met, or dealed with direct
Is it true he never sold dope, but he still get respect? (Yes!)
What he doin' in AC with Miko, that boy a pimp
How he make his money? Is he really worth 40 Ms?
Yes, to the questions, now give me a minute to rest
While you lookin' at the ice cold, spinnin' on my chest
Ugh, nice chain, does he really have a Range?
That's MBs, but in the D, he's the hottest thing
You never seen me drive, cause a couple of DUIs
But I got a driver, holla at me if you need a ride (Holla at me!)
When I'm in the D, I'm in the B-M
Leanin' to the anthem, on my way to Phoenix to the Phantom
I been spittin' shits since '89
What's up with 50? Is he interested in him? Would Shady mind?
I saw him walkin' up in Daddy's house, what's up with that?
If that nigga writin' for Diddy, Puff is back (a million)
Questions niggas ask after I made (a million)
Tommy Boy, Sony Records, gave me (a million)
That's why every time you see me I'm lookin' like (a million)
Bucks no matter what, no matter the L's, wins, sales, spins
I'mma hustle on like a sales, man
As long as I'm hotter than hell, then
I'mma stay afloat like a whale's, fin
What's up with him and Premier? Do they really got a group?
Are they tryin' to replace Gang Starr? What are they tryin' to prove?
I seen him on Beef 2, was he really tellin' the truth?
Did he really set up a truce to that thing he developed with Proof?
I heard he was ballin' out, I heard he just bought a house
And this one is much bigger, cause this one is farther out
What's up with him and Kelis? Is he still cool with her best friend?
"That nigga Nas really tryna sign him?" Is the question
Ugh, he fire, you really can't deny him
The only nigga rhymin' harder than Holmes retired
Put him up against any nigga that's out today (What about 'em?)
Don't say they names. I already know who you about to say
(A million) Niggas you think you fuck wit' me 'til
(A million) Dollars on the line, and then you hear
(A million) Excuses, I am the truth, it's
(A million) Ways that I could put you away, Jay!

[Interlude: Jay Z]
Lot of speculation on the moneys I've made, honeys I've slaved
How is he for real, is that nigga really paid (Yup!)