[Intro: Royce Da 5'9"]
(Ryan!) I am not trying to be in the store all day
Y'all can play the game one time
Lemme go get change for a dollar real quick
Hey my man, what's up, you got change for a dollar?
What's up, man? You don't remember me, do you?
(Ryan!) I remember you, I remember you definitely
I remember you took my basketball and wouldn't give it back
'Cause I dribbled it inside your store but I was just messing with you
Plus that was my lucky ball
My Dad got it signed by Isaiah Thomas so I kept it with me

[Verse 1: Royce Da 5'9"]
Everywhere I went I used to bounce that ball
Everywhere I used to go I used bounce that, bounce that ball
I'm little Ryan from 16650 Baylis
Remember me? I used to buy all the mystery mix Now and Laters
I used to wait for God to come down and answer all my prayers

[Chorus: Mélanie Rutherford]
Never asked for much when I sat down and say my prayers
All I ever, ever wanted was to be amazing (Ryan!)

[Verse 2: Royce Da 5'9"]
Same little boy used to walk to the corner store
Who used to get the Funyun chips, who ended up, dumb, young and rich
I had young parents but they both were strict
I had a superstitious granddad, wait, scratch that, crazy granddad
I seen him turn his hat around three times
Drive his car around the corner three times in reverse
Just 'cause he crossed paths with a black cat
Man, you remember Hank? He used to be a Jitney at the market
My mom used to do his laundry
He used to have me and my brothers dyin' laughin' at him
Talkin' 'bout, "You know you can't leave them clothes
In the washing machine too long when they get done washed
And still put 'em in the dryer, doing that makes the clothes stink"
Damn, being back here bring back so many memories
You sure you don't remember me? You remember the ball? (Ryan!)
Everywhere I went I used to bounce that ball
Everywhere I used to go I used to bounce that, bounce that ball
Nigga, everybody know little Ryan from 17150 Northlawn
I used to come and cop pork rinds
I used to watch drug dealers come through in cars
Like, "If I get one of those, it's showtime"

[Chorus: Mélanie Rutherford]
Never asked for much when I sat down and say my prayers
All I ever, ever wanted was to be amazing (Ryan!)

[Bridge: Mélanie Rutherford]
Is that Ryan? Is it always good to see him in the neighborhood
Hey, baby! How your momma?
Look at that car, he done done it
I told y'all he was gonna do somethin' (Ryan!)
Hell yeah, hell yeah
Hell yeah, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hell yeah, hell yeah
Hell yeah, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey (Ryan!)

[Verse 3: Royce Da 5'9"]
Wow, this is overwhelmin'
It feels like it was just yesteday I was watchin' "Good Times"
Wishin' I could get ahold of Thelma
Fighting with my brother over channels
I like watchin' movies
He likes stupid shit like Robin Williams goin', "Nanu nanu"
Whatever that stupid ass show called
I ain't around here being no attention whore
I need niggas to look at these whips for every time we got those extension cords
God, I miss my big brother so much
He went to prison so much that I don't think I'd recognize him these days much
But I'ma always know what to get him from the ice cream truck
He used to get the Push-up Pops, I used to get the snow cone
I used to wanna be just like Turbo, he used to want to be Ozone
I got all the kids wavin' at me, all the elderly off they high horse
They wouldn't even let a nigga play twenty-one in the driveway
Nowadays the ball is in the my court (Ryan!)
Everywhere I went I used to bounce that ball
Everywhere I used to go I used to bounce that ball
Everybody going, "Ain't that—little Ryan, from over there on Marlowe?
I ain't seen him since he was a baby"
Well I'm back in town to let the people know
That you don't need no lucky ball, you already amazing
And I'm still your neighbor, little ol' Ryan (Ryan!)

[Bridge: Mélanie Rutherford]
And God bless the child no matter
How long it seems, somehow he'll find his way home
It's so important baby
Between the memories and family, I don't know which one is more amazing

[Chorus: Mélanie Rutherford]
Never asked for much when I sat down and say my prayers
All I ever, ever wanted was to be amazing