[Intro: Busta Rhymes]
Slaughterhouse! Bus-a-Bus!
Somebody better hurry up and find the nearest fucking exit!
Joe Budden, come on!

[Verse 1: Joe Budden]
Barge our way through, they wouldn't open the door
First time high, they couldn't know it was raw
You would die if you smoked it, too potent to snort
If you think by the bar, you probably choke on the thought
What up, what up, what up? Speed dial a coroner
Done with subliminals, now I'm talking to all of ya
Try my patience, wearing it thin
I put my prints in your heart without piercing the skin
What up, what up, what up? I only need knuckles
Tell him to travel safe, then make his knees buckle
Before they love you, they gotta hate you
They say that real recognize real dog, you can spot fake too

[Hook: Busta Rhymes]
Y'all know what it is, cause we do it often
Caught another body, buy another coffin
What up, what up, what up? Buy another coffin
What up, what up, what up? Buy another coffin
We burn shit down, blow torch scorching
Slaughterhouse bitch, buy another coffin
What up, what up, what up? Buy another coffin
What up, what up, what up? Buy another coffin

[Verse 2: Joell Ortiz]
Knick-knack, paddy whack, Yaowa wanna bone
Click-clack, acrobatic coward with the chrome
Purchase another casket, I'm murdering ya bastards
My Desert Eagle's a bird, dirty little rachet
Lose a part of ya when the hollow one touch ya
Screaming "Oh ahh," when I Bus-a-Bus ya
I dress my baby up, she got a custom muffler
She be like "pew-pew" you be like "uh, uh, uh"
Can you lean with it? Can you drop with it?
Next time I tell you shoo, put a sock in it
What up, what up, what up? Act calm chief
We Sasquatch beef, big foot up your butt, shut up

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Crooked I]
The most beautifulest thing in this world
Are the funerals I bring to this world
What up, what up, what up? Give me the beat, I'mma body it
John Gotti it, Crooked probably bodied the audience
What up, what up, what up? Then I'm tryna find a whore
Dig in that vagina like I'm mining for diamonds or
I'm tryna find China or some kind of dinosaur
Try to score like Kentucky in the final four
Yeah, you niggas still wussies
My gun is my other dick, cause it kill pussies
I'm hood, you good? I'm just checking homie
Still hammer dancing, two stepping with my weapon on...me

[Hook]

[Verse 4: Royce Da 5'9"]
I said if I ain't fucking with you, you can suck a short for Richard
Until you hiccup, hiccup, need I say...more?
Listening to a free beat by Dre in some free Beats by Dre...or
Tell my attorney to cook it and eat it, I play catch with the body
Of Bernie from Weekend at Bernie's with Crooked this evening
I'm up in y'all spot with Jersey Joe Walcott
And Brooklyn Ortiz, just please give us a reason
What up, what up, what up? Fuck all the singing
I'm about to be a rich nigga and waste the whole last bar screaming
You ready? AAAAHHHH

[Hook]

[Outro: Royce da 5'9"]
Yeah, what's up world?
Ha-ha, we here
You ready? AAAAHHHH