[Intro]
REDEMPTION!
Nickle!
Ortiz what's up, my nigga?

[Verse 1]
I did Green last night with my comraderies
I spit a verse that you heard, this my apology
At the exact same time this is a fuck you
Suck my nuts you ungrateful fuck you
Haha
Alchemist in the building
Throwback, feel like I'm rappin' it for the pilgrims
Uh, I'm an animal with the talkin'
A grammar gargantuan with Satanic arson
Words that'll exhume Dilla
Bring his body back to life, toss Charles Hamilton in his coffin
Your man is a liar, he dead wrong
Write "pyromania" on his headstone, he playin' with fire
The shark flow sink ships and eat the survivors
The Takeover mentality, Ether saliva
You dead, you only trying to do this to a degree
I am the AIDS, nobody wants to do it with me
This is my job as king of my city
The Hex Murda, Tricky/?? committee
I don't know a girl that say "stop"
I drink till I got the kind of buzz that Drake got
Holdin' the torch, show no remorse
My group murder beats and I creep back and I flow over the corpse
This a big ass gang
The only thing me and T-Pain got in common is a Big Ass Chain

[Verse 2]
Nigga, your brains will be on your lap
Throw a stone I'mma throw a meteor back
Don't let media soup you
Niggas will shoot you
My gun makin' my waist look as big as a tutu
Niggas want it, the less thug
The beta drum sound like I'm runnin' with ?uestlove
Ask niggas do they got any requests?
Before I let 'em know they ain't got any respect
Uh, why call Joey a trouble maker?
If you ain't callin' me his trouble ender
Do you know how big my dick is?
My bitch say I should start me another gender
I got muscle, I'm rollin' around muscular
I'm so cut throat I could grow me another jugular
Niggas shit face
Cause in my time
I touch more classics than my nigga Joell did on his mixtape
Uh
Niggas is weak anyway
Tell Amber Rose she can cheat on me any day
Uh
3-2-3-6-4-0-2-0-2-1 baby call me
You be fuckin' with wack niggas
A whole crew full of earthy ass rap niggas
Uh, I got a squad full of rap killers
I'm the living proof that God is a crack dealer

[Verse 3]
I've been morbid, I'm important
I talk fly than enforce it while in orbit
I'm pretty but I've been gorgeous
Been on my Ben Gordon
(Y'all catch that?...never mind)
The whole Slaughterhouse will step to you
We ain't no motherfuckin' group we a wrecking crew
Don't worry about it hip hop, we here to rescue you
We feel like we the best, fuck all the rest of you
And we'll come and get you, go 'head, spit a bar
You got heart until your heart is in a pickle jar
The untouchable squad that dares nothing but ??
You are fuckin' with gods, don't look fuckin' surprised
I fuck bitches with jobs, addicted to dick
And cleaning and eating more pussy than Missy Misdemeanor
I see why your whole hood embarrassed
You keep playing the same god damn character, Wood Harris
My daughter is an heiress, my son is an heir
I pray lookin' down, shootin' guns in the air
Uh, put some fuckin' money on it then
Cause he gon' kick it till he got your blood on his shins
Trigger flows, AR's and K's
I got it locked down, I got bars for days
If you listen and thinkin' a nigga can't go
You got an ear like Vince as in Van Gogh

Bar Exam 3. Fuck the auto-tune. Except when I'm doin' it...cause when I'm doin' it's cool. When you do it...it's corny