[Verse 1: Royce da 5’9”]
Stop, picture me in scrubs in a room with hip-hop
Operating on it with my instruments
I'm the doc, it's crunch time
Line up rappers I don't like and call that shit a punch line
These niggas e-beefing, that ain't what wars about
Ain't nothing dying but the game, pull the organs out
These niggas dissing like they wondering where Malcolm's at
Till I split em where they're scalp is at, where my scalpel at?
I ain't been hearing heart, I'm bout to check his pulse
With my stethoscope, pressed against the records tho
We ride in, we gonna W-I-N
I will check a bitch ass like a O-B-G-Y-N
I'm respected like a killer, a record like thriller!
I will keep a tab on you like Twitter!
Now feel the hating grow, Nickel give em oxygen and shock em with
That that defibrillator flow!

[Chorus: Royce da 5’9”]
As long as I'm alive the game gunna be breathing
Even though it's, wheezing hit him like like clear clear
Wake his ass up he was sleeping
I said as long as I'm alive the game gunna be breathing
Even though it's, wheezing hit him like like clear clear
Wake his ass up he was sleeping

[Verse 2: Kid Vishis]
I'm alive, they almost killed me but I survived
Hip hop has been revived
Surprise (Ok doc!) Ow, stop shocking me now
Tell your nurse that she can put this scalpel down
I'm back ready to rap took a little nap ready to go off
Stick to my pen, never again will I ever dose off
No more bozo rap it hurt me
The new dojo in beast mode, I'm John Cleese, no mercy!
My saliva and spit could fly through a brick
Put your ass by a light and spit gas at the fire flick
Gave up homie huh? I was worse than the racists and rapists
Now I', feeling like Kobe 'fore he scored 81
Really feeling new! missed me with the skinny jeans and uggs
Fuck outta here, I ain't feeling you!
Fucking incredible! I can dig a hole to hell
Just to beat the devil over the head with a fucking shovel!

[Chorus: Royce da 5’9”]
As long as I'm alive the game gunna be breathing
Even though it's, wheezing hit him like like clear clear
Wake his ass up he was sleeping
I said as long as I'm alive the game gunna be breathing
Even though it's, wheezing hit him like like clear clear
Wake his ass up he was sleeping