[Verse 1: Sir Aah]
I run into the mosque, it's Friday, I'm praying
They run into the mosque, it's Friday, they spraying
Bullets are ricocheting, innocent people slaying
Citizens of land, with no civil rights
I'm thinking you'd understand, the same struggle or fight
This ain't black vs. white, this is wrong vs. right
This the Pakistani Government denying our rights
And it happens in Bangladesh, Indonesia too
My people getting martyred for just speaking the truth
I ain't preaching to you, I'm just keeping it true
Your blasphemy laws, they corrupting the youth
And when the whole country's Taliban, what you gon' do?
You got 180 million, half of 'em illiterate
A bunch of crooked mullahs, all of 'em idiots
So tell the opposition to watch how they move
Or the next rhyme I write might be about you

[Sample x2]
Fighting this damn war, I wonder if the lord knows what it's for

[Hook: Sir Aah]
You see my people keep dying, and my momma keep crying
I ain't even lying, I'm in the booth rhyming
I Wonder if the Lord Knows, is this inside his plans?
I Wonder if the Lord Knows, 'cuz I don't understand

Verse 2: Crooked I]
We trucing with Pakistan, with troops in Afghanistan
Nukes in Iran while we shooting at the Taliban
Back in America a woman's in ambulance
With stage 4 pancreatic cancer, she don't have a chance
Wars overseas and disease in the homeland
Nobody agrees so we're moving with our own plan
Israeli prime ministers beef with Palestinians
Rich Republicans beef with Cali Indians
Mad 'cuz they're Tax Free, now you're talking negative
My perspective is, you stole their country so let 'em live!
Violence in Iraq, so they're shipping off our relatives
My cousin died in combat, his momma OD'd off sedatives
Massacres in Africa, they're beheading kids
I pray it gets better, but wonder if it ever is
Terrorists in Gitmo? Some of them are innocent
Veterans on Skid Row, heros living in a tent

[Sample x 2]

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Ryce da 5'9"]
Nickel!
Bush put niggas in positions to die
Obama put niggas in positions to try
Now am I looking up at God or just the sky?
And how politically incorrect am I?
Trying to make us believe terrrorist attacks are anonymous
We start 'em and they target our national monuments
Politicians lying, ain't hurting their campaign
The American dollar ain't worth a damn thing
Everybody rapping about trapping and champagne
Half of 'em ain't even accurate, that's a damn shame
There's a war going on, outside our homes
On the other side of that border, dividing our zones
Innocent mothers having to see their kids killed
What is it really over, some oil or spilled milk?
Them muthaf*ckers is keeping us stuck to die slow
The whole world is aware, I wonder do God know?

[Sample x4]

[Hook]