[Intro: Mike Epps]
All these little young kids ain't got no direction
Shit, these lil' kids is on everything

[Chorus: Mike Epps]
Syrup, painkillers, cigarette, weed
Hennessy, vodka, hah-hah-huh, hah-hah
(I'm on everything, I'm on everything
I'm on everything, I'm on everything)
Syrup, painkillers, cigarette, weed
Hennessy, vodka, hah-hah-huh, hah-hah
(I'm on everything, I'm on everything
I'm on everything, I'm on everything)

[Verse 1: Royce da 5’9”]
I’m on syrup, painkillers, cigarette, weed
Henny-Henny, sober don't interest me, I'm on everything
'Bout to sniff the liquor like it's 'caine
That's how high I am, I'm blowed
I take painkillers to ease the pain, though I ain't in pain
No, we ain’t the same – you drunk, I’m on everything
Sick when I kick it, gout, me, soberin' up? Ha! ALF
Cash rules everything, acid tab, hash, 'shrooms
I done woke up with a fuckin' tiger in my bathroom
I am fuckin' (high... high... high... high)
Menace to society, I feel sorry for your mother
Me and Vishis on 'shrooms, call us the Mario Brothers
Back down, we never back down
Never laid out, can't put my back down

[Chorus: Mike Epps]
I'm on; syrup, painkillers, cigarette, weed
Hennessy, vodka, hah-hah-huh, hah-hah
(I'm on everything, I'm on everything
I'm on everything, I'm on everything)

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Painkillers, I call 'em cane pillars, 'cause to hold me up
When I take 'em, I need a cane and pillars, I'm on everything
Sick when I kick it – barf!
Me, sobering up? (fart noise) Fart!
I crush your brain like a pill crusher, let's crush a pill, yeah
Fuck, I think I just crushed my last Tylenol 3 up
Grab the key up off the counter to the camper, left the crib
Man, who'da knew that three in the morning I'd still be up?
Could barely see up over the steering wheel, crashed the whip
Tore a tree up, on my way to the dealer’s, tryna re-up
Call me Brett Favre, spell it F-A-V-R-E, yup
It’s wrong, in other words, I just fucked my RV up!
Bitch, it’s on again, yeah, break that Klonopin in half
While I smoke some chronic in the cab with Donovan McNabb
And I dye my hair back blonde again and laugh
I’m the real macaroni, you cheesy bitch
I’m demonic with the Kraft
There’s a devil in my noodle, you – angel hair pasta
Flow's dreaded like some fuckin' tangled hair Rasta-farian Jamaican, relax, man, I’ll send a fuckin' axe at you
If you insist on a fuckin' accent
Bad and Evil is back with an epidural, check ya girl
'Cause after we prop you up, we're proppin' her up
So, baby, come put ya feet up in these stirrups
Your boyfriend better find another fuckin' hornets' nest to stir up
We rap like we’re on

[Chorus: Mike Epps]
I'm on; syrup, painkillers, cigarette, weed
Hennessy, vodka, hah-hah-huh, hah-hah
(I'm on everything, I'm on everything
I'm on everything, I'm on everything)
I'm on; syrup, painkillers, cigarette, weed
Hennessy, vodka, hah-hah-huh, hah-hah
(I'm on everything, I'm on everything
I'm on everything, I'm on everything)

[Interlude: Royce Da 5’9”]
I’m on syrup, painkillers, cigarette, speed
Henny – heh, classic!

[Verse 3: Royce da 5’9”]
"It’s Eminem and him again," my sentiments exactly
I told that bitch to get at me, then the bitch attacked me
Kid you not, I’m lit up as fuck
Tablecloth tucked in my pants 'til I'm hearing dishes drop
As I walk away from my dinner with schmucks

[Verse 4: Eminem and Royce da 5’9”]
Then I enter the front of the K-Mart shopping center
With a coupon book and a hundred and ten bucks
And a bunch of change, and a wife beater with a mustard stain
I’ll crush your brain like I’m crushin' pills
What the fuck’s the mothafuckin' deal?
This shit’s making me feel like
I’m tryna do a mothafuckin' cartwheel up a hill
How many bars? How many tabs of A-C-I-D? Y-E-S
'Cause I'm sniffin' M-Y E-X, F-U-C-K'd up, and it’s obvious
Smoke and Henny in my chest, I’m B-A-N-A-N-A-S
I’m a C-O-C-O-N-U-T, put this CD in, then you’ll see
The sequel to "Scary Movie"
Bad is to Evil, a roofie to Roethlisberger
You don't wanna wind up six feet deep under that shit's creek
So I hope that you bought preservers
You could put a turd on the plate
Silverware and a tablecloth to serve us
You don’t bring shit to the table
I'm in your grill like a Seville when the moth gets murdered
You're pushin' the envelope
When I’m shovin’ that whole post office further
Right off the surface of this earth
Into the darkest and the farthest corners

[Verse 5: Royce da 5’9” & Eminem]
How many bars? How many bars? Maui Wowie, Sour Diesel
How many jars to all my people I’ll be to Mars, mommy, come on
She can actually wrap my nutsack
'Round the back of her neck in a bathroom stall
Or she could just puke from sippin' this piss
From my 24-inch catheter cord
I’m the type that’ll take a bath with a whore
Drown her, bang her head on the passenger door
While I’m stashing her in the back, smacking her forehead
On the dash 'til it's accidentally blowin', the Benz Jeep horn
My friends be knowin' that when I’m on a binge, I’m stingy
Even when I’m ten deep in a room at the MGM
With Lindsay Lohan and she on

[Outro: Mike Epps]
Syrup, painkillers, cigarette, weed
Hennessy, vodka