Nigga I will rap a circle 'round, a circle 'round you
I navigate with wizardry throughout the Earth around you. (Earth around you)
Shout-out to Drake, No bitch could be the "Best I Ever Had" (Ever had)
My candy cane dick and mint balls, but she ain't suckin' if her breath is bad!
Sufferin' Succotash right now I'm bubbling fuck a past
Google me hoochie groupie, watch what I come up as (come up as)
I'm the man in this bitch, so bide the man in this bitch
Now bitches want my attention like the Canibus diss
You ain't got no mechanical mandible quit handling dick
We liked you before the army now we ain't a fan of your shit
You know my MAC pop, Detroit is my backdrop
Now shut your ass up and go have some sex with your laptop
Ha, You too nerdy I'm too scurvy
One gun pointed at your head, my silhouette lookin' like two-thirty
The only thing in this life I can't fight is violence
Bar Exam 3 dropping same night the fight is
You sleeping I'll take a knife and aim right for your eyelids, (SLAUGHTERHOUSE!)
Right, I got an insane cypher
And if you step in my lane claiming you way nicer
I'ma be wiping your brains off of my Range wipers
I will handle you, the .357 got handled dude
The barrel stick out longer than the handle do
I'll shoot you, your crew
And the cops riding with you
I got issues They call me shot five nickel
Equivalent to the psychical lock by a pitbull
To whip me is impossible, rock a pinnacle drinking
The opposite of subliminal thinking, Compared to y'all I'm a don, a criminal kingpin
I see why these niggas wanna run
When I invite them to the loneliest place in the world one on one
And tell your mama I'm a baller
Matter fact tell your mama I'ma call her
Hurricane flowing like water, I'm grounded like Katrina
I sound like I fell in on New Orleans allow me to go
Dionne Warwick (Warwick!)
And make a prediction for the future drama, I'm for it
You dissed melodic artists; I bring all of my private parts to your
Private party and stick 'em inside your daughter
Psychotic aura, the hat on my head is not a fedora
The reason why your wifey's bottom is sorer (sorer)
Benzino the hardest nigga? You know don't know him for hammers
You know him for talking shit with N.O.R.E. behind the cameras
I blam at ya', I damage ya, Wait, Did I just say blam at ya and damage ya?
Fuck it! These niggas amateurs (amateurs)
I handle toasters, I'm feeling like my Grammy closer
And your bitch can feel a pin like Emani Poster
Walkin' around with handheld ovens
That ring! And change your color like Sammy Sosa
I'm sick of man who grosser
I spit it from the stomach with a ulcer and if you want it, you can come in closer
And experience the taste of a knuckle sandwich
Waste your father, waste you mother, fuck your parents
Play with me you know you playing on All-Madden
You all that until your potato get au gratin
You all phoney Tony Montana 'til I stick you
In the dirt and call you Earth tone like fall fashion
Haha! Pardon, I had to laugh at that one
Usually I laugh at rappers
Wrap both of my hands around they adam's apples and squeeze
Until they see the light inside the tabernacle, No coming back from that one!

[Outro:Woman]
You know Royce gon' kill all of y'all niggas, right?
That nigga's crazy!