[Intro: DJ Whoo Kid]
Bar Exam!
BE3!
Whoo Kid!
Royce the five-nine!

[Verse]
Yeah, I call my cannon "poppa"
I'm the shit, smell me? You can't mask it
This not the phantom of the opera
The cannibal of rap, knock you out on camera
Turn around and play it back on When Animals Attack
I'm a psycho like no other I am out my shit
The bitch picked up my shot and drank it so I fuckin' shot the bitch
I'm controllin' lots of shit
I can go from rock 'n' roll to opposite
Hip-hop and shit, never miss like Stojaković
Pop up on you, pop you quick, run your pockets, pocket it
Killin' what I'm not feelin', trigger's strung like a violin
Consignment, tell the buyer, "welcome to my environment"
I'm violent, my rhyme's on fire like dyin' firemen
Thirty-two year-old pioneer
Who'll leave you lyin' if you usin' iron
Where you niggas pink, I am rare
Where they're servin' up the drinks, I am there
Take the cops to water, S.W.A.T. the shore up
Like somebody saw a fly in it
Any thing movin', I want in
Unless it's the skinny-jean movement, I want out
I don't need nobody else to ride for me, I roll out
Before I shoot you say "'member me?" You wasn't forgot about
I got a pocket full of stones
My niggas'll be on your head
For some money to stay in the prostitutin' zone
I will let the bully off
Beef with me is like a lock connected to a bra
You be naked, can't pull it off
Imagine murderin' your record company for merging with
Who gave you a deal cause you ain't deserve it
I'm not a rapist, bitch, I'm just a pervert
Crazy dude with a dick full of baby food, now switch to Gerber
Lyrics is murder. Get it and put your gun away
I whip a "Pacquiao" when it's Spring, sell it through the Summer
You can call me Money May, your money funny, run away
Take the K off a fake, leave a nigga Dunaway
Get it? I go ballistic on your spirit
That chopper look like somebody put some scissors to your fitted
I've been wit' this from the beginnin'
If you visual picture me killin' witnesses
If I'm the defendent, I was offended
I rap a lot but I'm not independent
Drink alcohol a lot, knowin' my only real problem is spendin'
The metaphors and them similes is career endin'
Your melon's soar to infinite's what I intended
Don't get in trouble, you get me pissed and my fist'll hit ya
You hearin' birds and seein' doubles like picture picture
You hearin' doubles you heard me say I was sicker sicker
I'm gonna go get the papers, get the papers
Your bitch sucked my johnny two times
Polished me like a hella shoe-shine
Get your shine box, Ryan got a goodfella coupon
I fit the description of a killer wit' a ridiculous dick
Why is your bitch so mentally into me? Shit!
But she can miss me with the sensitive, intimate shit
All I do is poke holes like I be fencin' with chicks
Picture black attitude
Before I meet you I'm naturally mad at you
You have to be that into gratitude
If you like livin' life then kiss my ass and you cool
I'm hot like your gun'll be after you pass me the tool
Don't have to be rappin' at your talent show at your school
To have the full capacity of my faculty clappin' at you
We'll actually get your rap group a casket or two
Never did a movie cause I'm too busy actin' a fool!