[Intro: Eminem + (Royce Da 5'9")]
What's your favorite scary movie?
Yo, Slim Shady (Yo, Royce 5'9")
Y'all wanna make a movie? (What, what?)
We got the film right here

[Verse 1: Royce da 5'9"]
Yeah, I'm one of them pretty rappers
Buck if I really have to, I really slap you
King of Detroit, who they namin' the city after
Scandalous partners whose grammar hammers the hard shit
Into your heart with content, yo, who wanna start with?
Expert, Bad & Evil is comin' soon
MC's get stuck, head first back in they mother's womb
This shit is written, in my eyes I'm the illest MC spittin'
Leavin' all of you cats shittin' kittens
I gotta diss you, my niggas be cockin' pistols
Shot and split you, fuck splittin' the profits with you
Six percent of y'all niggas is just pretend
Cliques with clits, pussy niggas stink with dicks
Niggas act bully and blast for the fast penny
My auto is fully, plenty of niggas packin' semi
Speak darts — yo, you get paid?
Rhymin' about it is the sweet part
You can't be street smart with a cheap heart
5'9", a street nigga with deep feelin'
I keep illin', my steez willin' to keep killin'
Fuck rap! A lot of y'all all is just acts
Trust that, you rhyme all wack on rough tracks
Bust and then we all black when you get bust back at
Fuck that, you get blast at, you get laughed at
And I'ma spit thunder, stick to my guns
Niggas is finished before they gimmicks: one-hit wonders
What? Big balls, that's why when I spit, your clique stalls
I'm a pitbull, I'm just dog, I'm just raw
Split y'all, holler, "It's on!" – then I diss y'all
All of y'all niggas get pissed on claimin' you pissed off

[Hook: Eminem & Royce Da 5'9"]
Y'all want drama? Wanna make a scary movie?
Rappers comin' in with their team and carry toolies
You can jump right out of the screen and barely move me
We hard-hittin', directin' and starrin' in it
Y'all want drama? Wanna make a scary movie?
Rappers comin' in with their team and carry toolies
You can jump right out of the screen and barely move me
We hard-hittin', directin' and starrin' in it

[Verse 2: Eminem]
The one man on the planet that'll drive off of the Grand Canyon
Hop out of a Grand Am and land in it handstandin'
Any man plannin' to battle'll get snatched outta his clothes
So fast it'll look like an invisible man standin'
I'm headed for Hell, I'd rather be dead or in jail
Bill Clinton, hit this — and you better inhale!
‘Cause any MC that chooses to go against me
Is gettin' taken advantage of like Monica Lewinsky
Came home in a frenzy, pushin' a ten speed
Screamin' to Aunt Peg, with three spokes stickin' outta my pant leg
Fuck a headache! Give me a migraine, damn it, I like pain
You should be anywhere that a mic ain't
You rap knowin' you wack
You act up and I'm throwin' you down a flight of steps
Then I'm throwin' you back up them
If they don't like the track, fuck 'em!
The rap struck 'em
Harder than gettin' hit by a Mack truck and then backed up on
And any half-assed known rapper to trespass
Better be ready for the second Celebrity Deathmatch
So tell the medic to bring the medication and quickly
I'm sicker than a 2Pac dedication to Biggie
I'm free-fallin' feet first out of a damn tree
To stampede your chest 'til you can't breathe
And when I'm down to my last breath
I'ma climb the Empire State Building
And get to the last step and still have half left

[Hook: Eminem & Royce Da 5'9"]
Y'all want drama? Wanna make a scary movie?
Rappers comin' in with their team and carry toolies
You can jump right out of the screen and barely move me
We hard-hittin', directin' and starrin' in it

[Outro: Eminem + (Royce Da 5'9")]
Bad, the Bad (Uhh, when the Bad meets the Bad, yo)
The Evil (Take the Evil with the Evil)
Put 'em together (What? Nine-nine)
Two times, Slim Shady, Royce da 5'9"