[Eminem]
Slim Shady
Asshole

[Royce]
Any nigga wit guns, we got guns too
More heated, ready to outgun you
It's too late I already outdone you
You was around, then you know the outcome too
Let's play, lemme show you what Game is
Heartbreak, I'm showin' you what pain is
Please, I'm reppin' the D homeboy
Where your guns, you steppin' to me homeboy
Royce five-nine's the name, niggas know
And niggas know, dealin' wit me? Niggas no
Ayyo toots, how you get here, you wanna ride
I got a five it's outside, you wanna drive?
Psych, I ain't got no five, you gold-digger
You wanna suga-daddy, go get you an old nigga
I got money, I'm just here to bug you girl
Can't get none, but you know I love you girl
Yo

[Hook: Royce & Eminem]
[Royce]
She the one that wanna ride hot whips, huh
Same one that ain't really got shit, huh
She want her hair done, then get her nails done
Go to 5th Ave. just to shop for Chanel, huh

She the one that ain't really got shit, huh
A little bitch that really ain't got tits, huh
Fuckin slut with a chest enhanced
Titty dances to pay for her breast implants

[Eminem]
Anybody wit knives, we got knives too
More sharp, and ready to outslice you
About 5 dudes deep, who outsize you
And wanna see insides comin' outside you
Get me drunk, and I'll drink anything you can think
What up Miss. Bitch? (You, what's up with the ring?
[Lyrics from: https:/lyrics.az/eminem/eminem-is-back/shes-the-one.html]
You married?) Shit nah, I'm still mingling bitch
I just wanted this ring, this is the only finger it fits
What up with you, you married? (Nah, I'm divorced)
Of course you are, you little fuckin' trailer park whore
(Trailer? I don't live in no trailer
I live in a mobilization unit, for your information)
Bitch, I got dick, wanna fuck?
Hold still, swallow this birth control pill, slut
Before I pump so much cum in your stomach that when I pull out
A year and a half old potty-trained baby falls out
And I ain't stayin to pay no child support
Are you playin? Be a man- bitch what you sayin?
You tryin to pull some bullshit, while I got one arm free
You want me to make this half-nelson a full?

[Hook]

[Royce]
Wattup boo, this is for you and your girlfriend
You bank-head, up in Detroit we Errol Flynn
Assholes that get guns and flash those
Never ever go to Detroit, we blast those

[Eminem]
Hi, my name is...

[Royce]
Royce
I'm the king
Gimme money, gimme jewels, everything
Ayyo, you with the long hair, is it yours?
I guess so, got a reciept- it's paid for
Got any more lipstick? I'm sick of red
Get a perm, you nappy head, you chicken head
I know you ghetto, I ain't trying to take the ghetto out
There's things about you to tell about, mellow out
I'm the one that be makin the clubs say "What"
Gettin love, and making the club say "What"
Some of you cats, hate on the low and got sick
Any sauce is not hits , it's not this
Yo

[Hook]