[Pretty Ugly]
Yeah
Uh-ha, pretty ugly... Royce da 5'9"
1, 1-2
We spit game nigga...
We spit game nigga...I'm here now..

[Pretty Ugly]
Now take a look at me
How it feel to see me balling?
[P-U] Yea, you heard what the callin
Pretty Ugly, that Philly cat wit da chipped tooth
That wear low shirts, guess jeans and tim boots
I only drink 151 rum passion
No Cris I'm a thug, I don't like flashin
I can get a bad bitch wit something a lil cheaper
And my whole body smelling like reefer
'Dro or babbage, I don't care, I got a bad habit
Try to fight it?
I ain't even took a jab at it
Why quit? I love to talk shit
I love them dick licks when I'm taking a big hit
I spit game all night, my mind ain't been right
Y'all dudes ain't that tight, I put it in black and white
I'm sick of rappers tryin' ta sign me, stop makin offers
I ain't here to see y'all, I come to talk to your bosses

[HOOK]
Mommy, don't you hear my name?
I'm tryin' ta get you to try me
So you can play my game
BOOM BOOM... La La La La La La La
BOOM BOOM... La La La La La La La
BOOM BOOM... La La La La La La La
BOOM BOOM... La La La La La La

[ROYCE]
I said he wanted a piece of me, I won't break
Here is a piece of my heat that I won't take
He's been sold a dreamer
Had the privilege to hold the nina
You've been exposed ta peanuts
Grown niggas speak wit their hands, they know how to bring it
Down to fold they fingers, slingin' as ol' as english
My gold feet, smokin it rolled that's how it be
When a ho scope smokin the coal, she eye me
She probably sip on a nutta
It's probably why these chickadees love us
We still slip on the rubbers
Why is it that bitches would be sensitive lovers
We keep you bitches fly... We keep a bitch on the cover
Niggas heard it's our label so snap out
Niggas try to cover the card table, they crap out
In Japan like I'm the man
You luck to know coz I be fuckin these hoes like
Yo touchi yo toes...

[HOOK]

[Pretty Ugly]
I spit game. it's real shit no riddles
Girls at the bar, meet me in the middle
Back that ass up, shake it jus a little
Come on, show me something, make yo titties jiggle
You gotta love the way I spit it coz my game is tight
Its Pretty Ugly, I'm the same boy yo friend like
Ain't nuffin changed, I'm the shit baby, it's my time
Spit game, the boy, papes, and Royce the 5-9

[ROYCE]
What in yo mind'll make you think my clik would be trickin?
Boom, I'm the bomb, bitch, coz my dick'll be tickin
We can split 50-50 stitches paying for bitches
My lips strictly for sippin, they ain't for lickin
[Game] came for bitch now you swallow the doe
[Glow] 'til I holla, 'til it 'aha' fall on the flo
I'm takin this action, but you oughta know that
I'm sorry ms jackson, but yo daughter's a ho

[HOOK]