[Intro]
"You're going to be okay kid, you're going to be... okay"

[Chorus: Claret Jai]
Is everything not enough?
What more can I give up?
Is there anyone that I can trust?
I give you my all and you still take from me

[Verse 1: Royce da 5’9”]
Uh, always been the type of dude that'd feed my clique
I know that without the fans, I ain't shit
But y'all better read my lips, I don't spit raps this ill
For you to just hack and steal and leak my shit, so peep my drift
I hope y'all don't think y'all helping me out
With that shit, that shit stressing me out
Nickel nine is blowin' up; Christmas time
You should hang my album on top of your fireplace
'Cause around that time, my stockin's goin' up
Feels like a victory bittersweet, 'cause the bigger I get
The bigger the wedge between the relationship
Of me and my bigger bro, hear what I said?
Feels like the shit was wished on me
Everything I do for the nigga, and the nigga know
I would do anything for him, but the nigga refuse to quit
Just straight shittin' on me
Keepin' your distance? Probably best
If you don't wanna fuck with me
But you know me probably best, fuck pity, you want that?
You know it's Laila Ali's chest: tough titty
The problem's you got a problem, you think that I'm already set
So I'mma look down on you?
Just be proud of me, you already got my respect
I ain't tryin' to say something I'd regret
So I'mma just stop chasin' the pain
And let you deal with the fact that we don't get along
'Cause I got a big face in the game
Sometimes I feel like fuck my life
I fuck with a few niggas that I know
If my chick was a Shady ho
Niggas wouldn't think twice 'fore they fuck my wife
Guess that's the difference in friends and associates
I done been broke, I done been through the motions
I don't pay no attention to birds
I use my scope and I tend to the vultures
No one ever blows up your phone just to talk
I don't make money just to loan it to y'all
Tell a nigga that then you wildin' is like dialin'
And then talking to a hole in the wall
Please look at these expenses, these niggas expensive
If I gotta lend you money every time I see you
Just to be your friend, bitch, I don't really need your friendship

[Chorus: Claret Jai]
Is everything not enough?
What more can I give up?
Is there anyone that I can trust?
I give you my all and you still take from me
I give and I give and you take and you take
And you just walk away without nothing to say
You just take from me, ay, ay
You just take from me, ay, ay

[Verse 2: Eminem]
I live in a bubble, I struggle with the fame
Trouble as the pain grows double, give a fuck what you say
When my music you take so subtle, just to give it away
To people who don't even appreciate flows, mothafucka
I'm livid today, 'cause I break my back to give you my art
You steal my thoughts, it's like drivin' a spike through my heart
You might not think it's that big of a deal
To steal from me, but music's all I got
Aside from my daughters, not to sound like a martyr
But it's getting harder than I thought
To not just go crazy, trapped in this house
I'm about to just snap
Am I not deserving of what I got, did I not work for it?
Put it all in every record I record, well then
Please tell me why on this Earth, Lord's it keep happening?
I keep rappin', but I wonder sometimes, is it worth all the bullshit?
'Cause it feels like a down there ain’t no gettin' up from
But I won't let it get me down, I won't succumb
I'm anything but glum, so fuck 'em
They'll appreciate me when I'm gone, they'll say it was ill, right?
The way I killed mics? But the way I feel right now
It just feels like I'm so done with this shit that I may as well wipe
I have nothing else to give you, nothing left to contribute
Farewell, I bid you, but before I go, my last gift to you
Ladies and gentlemen, Slaughterhouse, I give you

[Chorus: Claret Jai]
Is everything not enough?
What more can I give up?
Is there anyone that I can trust?
I give you my all and you still take from me
I give and I give and you take and you take
And you just walk away without nothing to say
You just take from me, ay, ay
You just take from me, ay, ay