[Verse 1]
Go ahead, laugh at me—I'm slap-happy
When I pack the "u-zay", they call me "Cool J"
Cause I'm cap-happy
I don't see the purpose of talking
The hardest nigga walking the Earth
I could just ride by em, merc em, and chalk em
Put them in a hearse and a coffin
First of all, nigga—y'all need to just be EASY
And quit taking DRUGS
I turned your Evisu Jeans to Capris EASY
I bathed your Bathing Apes in BLOOD
Beefing with me?—you're going to be burning in hell, fam
All you gotta do is sound off— give a yell and
Come on out with your gown off
CHECK your mailbox and
Get a groundhog as your *permanent* mailman!
I'm from the "Dirty Glove" where motherfuckers kill COPS
FUCK standing out on them corners, nigga, we build SPOTS (Yeah)
We flip real-estate; with the residuals from killing weight
If I ain't getting cake, I ain't feeling STRAIGHT

[Hook: Rell, (Royce da 5'9")]

I got a heart, rock solid, money, I'm bout it
Streets is the place where I got IT, yeah
(Nigga I represent "Rock City")
(Home of the rock solid rottweilers)
(We bout piling from the bottom to the top dollar)
And you can talk all you wanna (HOLLA)
But when I run up (Yeah)
You gon' wish you ain't said NOTHI-ING, no
(Nigga—forget that cheese)
(Here to tell her, "Fix that weave"?)
(PLEASE, you fucking with a STREET nigga)

[Verse 2]
Go ahead, MUG at me—I'm THUG happy
Keep his head cool 'fore I put lead through a tool to skullcap (hah!)
We don't be screaming no colors or popping our fingers (Naw)
We toured like "Ring-a-ling" Brothers, we shopped in Sardinia
Spent a lot on our daughters, we see you on them Sea-Doos
That ain't what we do (uh-uh), we put the yacht on the water
Now let's bet TRIPLE
While you in that "Best Western" (where you at?)
We in the snorkeling next to that "S.S. Nickel" (Hoo!)
So put your money where your mouth at (uh-huh)
The stakes is high, and I ain't talking bout from Outback!
You wait till you high to doubt that
And while you niggas ratting
Them triggers is CLACKING it STARTING to sound just like a MOUSE TRAP
I got the "Mark Cuban" lit
Looking at y'all millionaire niggas ball like, "Y'all ain't doing SHIT." (Haha!)
THAT'S why I'm famous, spitting that flame
And money is the root of all *other* evil, that's why I'm DANGEROUS!

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Now you could
Say that I AM the way that I AM
Cause basically, it's safe to say that that's the way that I AM
It's unsafe to try to see if I would spray the way that I AM
If you was trying to see if I'm what I say that I AM
The disappointment is in the BULLET
The miscommunication is in the MIND-FRAME
It's basically a CON game
Just play your cards right cause you don't know who's BLUFFING
Alls you know is "Those who don't gamble lose nothing"!
Nobody's perfect, where it's "kill or be killed"
Everybody's chasing that cash; nobody's WORTH IT
Any nigga with money AIN'T trying to beef, cause
AIN'T no money in war, shit just ain't FUNNY no more
You got dudes snitching and shit, BITCHING and shit
Guess they ASSUME that I got crews in the KITCHEN and shit
Just cause my jewels glisten and shit
They probably would LIKE me if they HEARD me
But niggas just REFUSE to listen to SHIT

[Hook (repeat x2)]