[Part 1: Eminem "Lighters"]
By the time you hear this, I will have already spiraled up
I would never do nothin' to let you cowards fuck my world up
If I was you I would duck
Or get struck like lightnin’, fighters keep fightin’
Put your lighters up! Point them skyward, uh!
Had a dream I was king; I woke up, still king
This rap game’s nipple is mine for the milking
'Til nobody else even fuckin’ feels me, 'til it kills me
I swear to God I’ll be the fuckin’ illest in this music
There is, or there ever will be, disagree? Feel free
But from now on I’m refusing to ever give up
Only thing I ever gave up’s using no more excuses
Excuse me if my head is too big for this building
And pardon me if I’m a cocky prick
But you cocks are slick, poppin’ shit
On how you flipped your life around, crock of shit
Who you dicks tryna kid?
Flip "dick," you did opposite: you stayed the same
‘Cause "cock" backwards is still "cock," you pricks!
I love it when I tell them shove it
‘Cause it wasn’t that long ago when Marshall sat flustered
Lacked luster ‘cause he couldn’t cut mustard
Muster up nothin', brain fuzzy
‘Cause he’s buzzin’, woke up from that buzzer
Now you wonder why he does it how he does it
Wasn’t ‘cause he had buzzards
Circlin' around his head, waitin' for him to drop dead, was it?
Or was it ‘cause some bitches wrote him off?
Little hussy-ass scuzzes
Fuck it, guess it doesn’t matter now, does it?
What difference it make? What’s it take?
To get it through your thick skulls that this ain’t
Some bullshit; people don’t usually come back this way
From a place that was dark as I was in just to get to this place
Now let these words be like a switchblade to a hater’s ribcage!
And let it be known from this day forward, I wanna just say
Thanks, ‘cause your hate is what gave me the strength
So let them Bics raise, ‘cause I came with 5'9", but I feel like I’m 6'8"(Ha ha!)

[Hook: Mike Shinoda and Chester Bennington "A Line in the Sand"]
Today, I looked for a sign
With flames in my hands
A line in the sand
Between yours and mine
And it came like fire from below
Your greed led the call
My flag had to fall
But little did you know

[Part 2: Royce Da 5'9" "Lighters"]
By the time you hear this, I’ll probably already be outtie
I advance like goin' from totin' iron to goin' and buyin’
Four or five of the homies the Iron Man Audi
My daddy told me: "Slow down, boy, you're goin' to blow it!"
And I ain't gotta stop the beat a minute to tell Shady I love him
The same way that he did Dr. Dre on The Chronic
Tell him how real he is, or how high I am
Or how I would kill for him, for him to know it
I cried plenty tears, my daddy got a bad back
So it's only right that I write 'til he can march right
Into that post office and tell 'em to hang it up
Now his career's LeBron's Jersey in twenty years
I stop when I'm at the very top
You shitted on me on your way up, it's 'bout to be a scary drop
‘Cause what goes up must come down
You goin' down on somethin' you don't wanna see, like a hairy box
Every hour, happy hour now, life is wacky now
Used to have to eat the cat to get the pussy
Now I'm just the cat's meow, oow, outclass the count
Always down for the catchweight like Pacquiao
Y'all are doomed
I remember when T-Pain ain't wanna work with me
My car starts itself, parks itself, and auto-tunes
‘Cause now I'm in the Aston; I went from havin'
My city locked up to gettin' treated like Kwame Kilpatrick
And now I'm fantastic, compare it to a weed high
And y'all niggas that's gossipin' like bitches
On a radio and TV, see me, we fly
Y'all buggin' out like Wendy Williams starin' at a beehive
And how real is that? I remember signin' my first deal
Now I'm the second best, I can deal with that
Now Bruno can show his ass, without the MTV awards gag

[Hook: Mike Shinoda and Chester Bennington "A Line in the Sand"]
Today, I looked for a sign
With flames in my hands
A line in the sand
Between yours and mine
And it came like fire from below
Your greed led the call
My flag had to fall
But little did you know

[Outro: Mike Shinoda "A Line in the Sand"]
Today, we stood on the wall
We laughed at the sun
We laughed at the guns
We laughed at it all
And when they, they told us to go
We paid them no mind
Like every other time
But little did we know