[Intro]
Hello, Hip Hop, what are you doing?
'Cause nowadays you just all seem ruined
Will you wake up? What are you doing?
Using way too much autotune
Hello, Hip Hop, what are you doing?
What's some of that corny shit that you been on?
(Wake up)
(Can you wake up?)
Respect the art
I got one question for y'all
(Can you wake up?)

[Verse]
Competitive rap is back in effect
You niggas out here playing bitchball flapping your neck
What in the fuck is wrong with y'all? Get back to respect
Put on a shirt, get back to the six-pack on the steps
And everybody can't be motherfucking sexy
I just wish niggas would understand that
Man, Instagram just need a dunce button
Now all the rappers got their hands wrapped in a boxing gym
You throw your punches like you ain't ever punch nothing ever
And on the behalf of all men you making us look bad
I'm sure if we took you to the gun range you couldn't spray the target, fam
You couldn't fight your way out a paper bag with Shenaynay from Martin hands
You couldn't beat my daughter in a game of basketball in a garbage can in the streets
If y'all scared, nigga, call the police
I wonder if they know how soft they all look today
Fuck a drive-by, I just hop out the car and mush a face
They all crooks and snakes, all serpents
All part of the large circus mixed with Cirque du Soleil
They all purpose, clique jumpers, they all ball-jerkers
Ex-mall workers who text wrong
Shit like the K without the O in front
Get off the phone, chump
Your career is like a microwave without the door in front
Liked today, but you ain't holding none
Your raps are like just okay, but problem is you're just okay with that
Where the fuck did rap get dislocated at?
I'm just gonna keep spitting 'till this shit's in place
'till I feel 2008 is back
Fans being way too nice, where all my haters at?
I spit hiatus raps, I'm just that good
I never ride the wave 'cause I'm the water, I'm like the rap Suge
Minus the fade by the barber, and all our thoughts cold
And all y'all thoughts blow, ours is Pearl Harbor
And all my thoughts go in line, they can go inside of a barcode
I got the violent history of Gotti's polaroid flow, there's only one way to picture me
Instantly a body
My twin barrells I call Tiara and Tia Mowry
Being shot at is about as likely as seeing y'all on lean and Molly
My mind shuffles thoughts
'Till hard lines touch the bars
And then I spit it like I'm trying to fill up a couple vaults
People find love and realize that love is love
And they should be the fucking law 'cause love is love even when love is lost
You niggas need to be aggressive again
You niggas at them labels need to come from the back of them desks and find the next nigga with talent
And quit being so skewed by views and streams
Or I'll come through and pee in your vegan salad