[Hook: Burna Boy + Jesse Jagz ]
Violation ting nor go work
Voilate, gun nor go burst
Violation ting nor go work
You violate my.... ayy hear me now
(Pon pon) violation ting nor go work
Violate, gun nor go burst
(Pon pon) violation ting nor go work
You violate my, you violate my (pon pon)

Lagos to Kingston yes New York to London gun a-fi burst
J Town to Tokyo and Ghana to Moscow gun a-fi burst
Nairobi to johburg yes Sweden to Bangkok gun a-fi burst
Durban Chicago yes its Burna and Jago gun a-fi burst

[Verse 1: Burna Boy]
Bad man at it... and I bring machete
Fuck it, price gun from St. Annes[?]
Bad man-ah... with the tings and the rocket
3 piece each inna head [?]
[?] capital not budget oh [?]
[?]

[Verse 2: Jesse Jagz]
Lord you've been gracious
You my oasis and though the fire blazes
This road I take is gon take all my patience
Its outrageous, that nothing changes
[?] Behind the matrix
Mind races through 99 stages
You how wild space is
My eye dilations, fine traces
It's like blind illustrations
The black and white pages the night rages
I'm writing pages my pen is like flying white [?]
Yeah, its outrageous, that money changes
Home is the Vegas, Satan was the holiest of angels huh
The fire blazes, my body racing
Its funny paces, I going breakless, my body races
I rhyme before a thousand angels, I found the basics
Balanced applications move round limitations
Huh, imagination, imaging waking
Somebody taken, it's levitation your body aching huh

[Hook: Burna Boy + Jesse Jagz ]
Violation ting nor go work
Voilate, gun nor go burst
Violation ting nor go work
You violate my.... ayy hear me now
(Pon pon) violation ting nor go work
Violate, gun nor go burst
(Pon pon) violation ting nor go work
You violate my, you violate my (pon pon)

Lagos to Kingston yes New York to London gun a-fi burst
J Town to Tokyo and Ghana to Moscow gun a-fi burst
Nairobi to johburg yes Sweden to Bangkok gun a-fi burst
Durban Chicago yes Burna and Jago gun a-fi burst

[Verse 3: Jesse Jagz]
Somebody shake him yeah the force has been awakened
We all forsaken why don't we just do it all for Satan
I see your balls breaking, critics hating
Civilization has been caught up in a sticky situation
My mind races through 196 nations
Its outrageous, how you gon hate us?
You know how wild space is
Its like a book without pages
Shoes without laces, whose gon outpace us?
Gracious, like BIG you showed me what Faith is
You know we attainers even though we famous
How you gon hate us? You now rocking with the greatest
Yes you in the ring and you boxing with Joe Frasier
Addicted to the grind and making the show paper
The flow waker, seen what the dough made her
The soul shaker, alpha, the omega
You know greater, make music and blow later
The whole acre, now we need more paper
Is no haters, its the flow violator
Mama used to [?] like the old vibrator why?
Oh wow, live now and die later
So even if the... wind blow and I waiver
The violator, nigga live from Nigeria
In prison but I'm smoking a blunt with my jailer
Alpha omega, let it bounce (pon pon)