[Verse 1: Madrox]
I was so sick of wearin the shades
Sick of pairin the blades
Sick of hearing that we're all the same
See it's almost never that way but whatever
Today be the first day I change
So what if I wanna live my life the way that I'm living
I'm breathing, I'm living, so fuck what they sayin
So irritatin the games that they playin
The hurtful and hateful shit they think and say
I worry like walls, never do it away
Never took it off
It was a part of me like rotten arteries
Tauntin and shakin my artistry
Think it's cause all of them bother me
But I keep going just like the kid that we were
But nothin consumin my life like a gun
Whether or not I was crazy was up for discussion
For sure they was pushin my buttons
99, and I have no evidence
I'm sure it'll take darkness to show you the light
Sometimes it take being wrong to see what's right
You feel me? I'm distancing you from the tribe
Turn on your belligerence, walk to your light
There's no one to battle, there's no one to fight
Put it back on and wear it again
There's just one more
Hell is in heaven again...

[Hook: Madrox (Monoxide)]
I would walk a 1k hells just 2 find my heaven
I'm a sittin sinner, born without perfection
I'm going crazy, help me!
I'm going out of my mind...
But every step that I take I feel I'm fallin further than I...
(Nobody understands)

[Verse 2: Monoxide]
Sometimes when I say
Like a mouth fulla glass, I'm hard to swallow
Never be the day when I start to follow
But I'mma be the model, not a Rollo
I'm just a taker to problems
Thinkin till I'm fucked
Living in briety if I get to live it just like you
But I keep it on a level when nobody could ever do the shit I do
Gotta problem with the truth?
I'd handle that if I was you...
All I needed was to prove that I'm spittin vomit in your booth
I'mma sing this into view
Time's in a war now, I don't want to try to place down when I know my kind can flow fine like parachutes
Just find em floatin the whole sky
I meant it when I said it back in the day, we don't die
Look a mothafucka in both eyes, and tell him
"I'm no God and I ain't gonna chase for no one"
I don't rearrange a foe
Cause a man Tanner Lane
Or if anybody who came would really feel the pain
Of being down with the lost and hopeless
We just hope no one would not try

[Hook: Madrox (Monoxide)]
I would walk a 1k hells just 2 find my heaven
I'm a sittin sinner, born without perfection
I'm going crazy, help me!
I'm going out of my mind...
But every step that I take I feel I'm fallin further than I...
(Nobody understands)

[Bridge: Madrox]
Sometimes I get lost along the way
And I'm stoppin home to find the better days

Sometimes I get so, I get lazy, lost along the way
Some people are so fake
And I'm stoppin home to find the better days
I don't deserve to stay this way, the flame...