[Intro]
Twiztid!
Shaggs 2 Dope!

Why you always fuckin wit us?
Why you always fuckin wit us?
Why you always fuckin wit us?
Why you always fuckin wit us?

[Verse 1: Shaggy 2 Dope]
Don't blink ya eyes even for a second
You might miss out on the freaks that only come out at night
And don't you doubt
When your up past ya bedtime and hear that creek in yo closet
That it might be us by the moon we hunt, bitch you betta watch it
We dwell in the underground but are seen on the surface
Can't phathom what we do your only option is to fear us
When ur feet start to rumble go ahead and take a look down
Then you'll know we shot so hard to the depths we make the dirt glow

[Chorus] x2
Why you always fuckin wit us?
You fuck wit us we'll fuck you up!
Why you always fuckin wit us?
They try to see us but they can't!


[Verse 2: Monoxide]
Let me put one threw your fitted cap
And hopefully that'll take care of everything from your silly beats to shitty raps
Gimme a crack at ya lime light, one time right
And you'll see that i'm a diamond that just started to shine bright
Intimidatin ain't that old to us, the pain and anguish
From our teachers to our parents thet all said i wouldn't make it
And ya hate is just another way to show how much we made it
A to Z we fuckin school it and it's there, it's how you grade it

[Chorus] x2

[Verse 3]:
(Jamie Madrox)
Twiztid and Shaggy 2 Dope, coming straight for your throat
Like Iron Mike Shark applying the choke hold in the vocal booth
We appear outta thin air
Like phatoms in cemetaries and wollow wit out a care
We the wrong ones, you don't want none at all
Speakin sour on the hatchet bring the drama to your jaw
Speakin foul on the people thats P-S-Y
Southwest and Eastside combined now who ride, on them bitch ass

(Monoxide)
Gang related, hated by most, fuck how u feel, pick another host
Fuck, while i'm here let me see all the folks
Who really feel like i'm an underground joke
Nobody wanna really be silly but silly got somethin on his mind
On the dime i can throw it in rewind
Drop a dime and them pop the trunk
No grill wit chips in the front
Not drank wit ice in the cup
No way i'm gunna be wit a slut wit a gut from drinkin too much nut
Don't act like you don't know, 'cause i just filled you in
It's the last time i'ma say it so fuck it let them killas in

(Shaggy 2 Dope)
We elusive, and thats the only way we do shit
One minute we here next minute we gone, then we on some new shit
Get ya blessings countin, you don't know me like you thought you did
I'll make yo neck a fountine think nothin of it like i thought i should

(Jamie Madrox)
Why they fuckin wit us when they wanted to be us
Hangin on the style and swingin on these fuckin nuts
It's a family business and i'm a representative
With an axe and a suit and a will to be competative

[Chorus] x2