Old school Twiztid found in the rubble of Earth's remains

You don't know how we do things shut the door fuckin' say shit
I'm gonna get fuckin fresh, I'm gonna crack this fuckin' kid in the skull
Listen here motherfucker you don't know how we do things
Shut the fuck up, look some motherfuckers don't play that shit
I'm one of those motherfuckers don't fuck with me
I'm warnin' you, what the?? Don't fuck with me you cock sucker

[Jamie Madrox]
I transcend and continue to bring rhymes
Rappers is dime a dozen like the cars in Trading Times
This is the shit I’m not the ordinary cracker, I’m the Ritz
Step back Jack or collide with two fists
Blam! to your chin Blam! to your skull
Now tell me who the brotha with the biggest balls
Rhymes hittin' from here to Reno, pesky like a mosquito
Tougher than Scarface so call me Al Pacino
Wishing like skeeto to Meet the Beatles
Eatin' some Fritos, a cool cat daddy like Chester Cheeto
Chantin' like the Santa Domingo monks
Mortuary livin' close to the cemetery
Met a girl named Carrie, she told me she loved me, ain't it scary?
Like Chuck Berry I string funky guitars
Swoopin' down on brothers like Mel Farr (better deals)
Caps get peeled, raps get dealed and dealt
12 inches keep spinnin' turntables with felt
Now give a little cut... that's enough
Cause I represent a style that be rough and tough
And built like a Tonka truck because I take abuse and keep on
Survival of the fittest,  first rule of the strong
I'm not made by Nabisco, but I drink Cisco
When I go to Hardee's I always order me a frisco
Combo meal, $2.95 oh what a deal
"Would you like that super sized for 35 cents?"
For real?
Ok go 'head, just don't go hawkin' on my bread
Can I substitute my drink with a milkshake instead?
"Yes sir, your total comes to 14.88"
Who I'm tryin' to feed, Michigan State? Can you relate?

(CHORUS)(2x)
Blam! I'm very very difficult to fuck with
Badder than bad, 'cause I'm from Motown
Blam! I'm very very difficult to fuck with
You don't wanna fuck with me

Clap on clap off like The Clapper, I'm such a hotstepper
Drinkin' some Dr. Pepper with my nigga Jed on the record
"Microphone checker 1,2 1,2
Now tell them mothafuckas what you came to do"
I came to bring the skills and try to pay the phone bills
I saw Jack and Jill doin' the nasty at the top of the hill
Comic books and bitches is the shit I dig
I don't wanna grow up, cause I'm a Toys-R-Us Kid
I get Lost in Space, like Will Robinson, danger
Call in the Dragon Zord cause I'm a Mighty Morphin Power Ranger
Hittin' on the scene with karate kicks
OD'n on sugar with the Pixy Stix
And big ol' fat glass of grape Kool-aid
Chillin' with senior citizens enjoyin the shade
Stayin' paid countin' the big ol' wad of cash
Hittin' on the scene like Jumpin' Jack Flash
A dash of pepper *achoo* it made me sneeze
Always itchin' my balls like I got some type a fleas
Oh baby please
What you sees, is what you get
A goofball with long hair growin' wild like a Chia Pet
We just met you know how I come across as I enforce
Sweatier than intercourse, spicier than hot sauce
Re-enforce your lyrics lyricist, 'cause I'mma smash
Takin your titles and I'll never stop until your career crash

(CHORUS)

Hickory dickory dock, tell them fools they better stay off my cock
Cause I rolls with a pack of lunatics down the block
Bad alliance, big giants House of Krazees runnin' shit
For the 9-6 and then some
Representin' mad skills, pay the bills
Got they back plus the ends on the dub sack
Now tell me, who got the ill rhymes?
Got your toe tappin' like Gregory Hines
Runnin' shit like a marathon, I'm stronger than Teflon
And use my liquid friend to get my drink on
Well I'm slightly bigger than the average nig
Got an attitude I get rude
You disrespect me and I'll split your wig
Knick knack patty wack, my name is Mr. Bones
Dunkin' lyrics in your ears like Eddie Jones
You better give it up for the original individual
In disguise so open your eyes, surprise
I fade 'em all like Jamal
I'm standin' tall with my back to the wall
A bad brother like Lou Rawls
I'll fold ya, I thought I told ya gun in the holster
Thought patterns run deeper than the minds of Minolta
I ain't actin, this ain't no play, been eatin' Play-Doh
And paint chips since I was eight, can you relate?

(CHORUS)(Repeat till end)