[Hook]
To all the angels with broken wings
Fly again, and fly again, and fly away
Would you fly with me?
Would you die with me?
Come and fly with me!
Come and die with me!
When the time's gettin' hard again, you hide away
And pray for better days, better days
Would you fly with me?
Would you die with me?
Come and fly with me!
Come and die with me!

[Verse 1: Monoxide]
I'm tryin' to deal with it, bein' different and all that
Invincible broken wings affixed on my back
Pitch black, you outta sight, you outta mind
Oh, you don't see now? You gon' forget over time
Let's rewind on how your wings got broke
Maybe because you took life for a goddamn joke
We the freekshow circus
Underrated on purpose
And can't a mufucka hurt us
I'm quickly causin' panic in the streets
Everybody runnin' you can see the axe comin'
Call us outcasts, we the strange on display
But little do they know I give a fuck what they say
I represent all the killas and people who lost faith
Heaven's a journey but hell's just around the way
Where it's at? Just around the way
Whut! Whut!
Heaven's a journey but hell's just around the mothafuckin' way

[Hook]

[Versse 2: Madrox]
Automatically, I battle with anxiety
Cursed as a child, circulated in society
Raised in the image of man, don't understand
The humility plan that contracts like rubberbands
On the sidelines where I sit to spectate
On the norm will the serpent survive or circulate
Through the veins of the universe and cosmos
The only way out is through death or overdose
If you make it you can brag or boast, you'll be decayed
But the life you know will never ever be the same
Transformed in the flash of light into a ghost
Lost and surrounded by the second hand smoke
Wings broke, so you can't fly to heaven today
But hell's only right around the way, right around the way

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Monoxide]
I had to end it all, life was a drag
Roamin' the earth with the rest of the body bags
I love the fact that I'm dead but not ejected
Cause anytime Twiztid's on, I'm ressurrected
I can't fly, my wings don't work
So I get high, so my feelings ain't hurt
Fuck the world, don't ask me for shit
Dead and gone but I still don't quit

[Verse 3: Madrox]
Children of the night will feel the sun
They never walk in the path of the Chosen One
They got broken wings that are incapable to fly
Hair like spider legs and milk-white eyes

[Outro x2: Madrox]
My wings are broken
And I can't reach to the sky
I'm just the shell of a man
Without a spirit inside
I need a moment with you
So I can clear out my head
To you I'm alive
But to the world I'm dead

My wings are broken
And I can't reach to the sky....