[Intro]
As the gruesome memories flooded back into his head
I mean, what was left wasn't even a body, it was...
The road cut her across the neck to the face
Opening the jugular vein,  jugular vein,  jugular vein,  jugular vein...
And turning the woman's cry into a gruesome stifle
Ah, it was just a pile of meat...

[Jamie Madrox]
Bloody funny, laughing like an old man
Only lovely amongst ruins and wastelands
Vision of hell, schizo splatter rampage
With a staff like wizard of old days
Blood and thorns, pray for a quick death
The sick world reborn and left in front of your doorstep
Kill the killer, retribution, climb aboard
See what fate's hand has in store
For your brutal massacre
Bitch, I'll sign your death note
As the wicked man, fear make a bargain for your soul
In a portrait of a serial killer living the debt
Tried to muffle many screams of anguish within his head

[Hook]
In the blood inside (I'm bleeding through every cut)
How many buckets of blood? How many buckets of blood?
In the blood inside (I'm bleeding through every cut)
How many buckets of blood? How many buckets of blood?
More blood, more death, less peace in the streets
What they scream as the hover over me in my dream
More blood, more death, less peace in the streets
What they scream as the hover over me in my dream

[Monoxide & Madrox]
Now I'm a psycho killa with no mask on
Personality change, disorder your whole faction
Fractions are the pieces I let em find
In captions written in blood, inscribed behind
Refrigerators and your new temple, describe the crime
And a video of me doing it to fuck up your mind
Better retreat while you can
Or render in my axis' safety, know we'll open hands
I'm the unspeakable man
And now I own your evil, grow limp
Your DNA has been stolen, cloned, then frozen
And placed inside of the chosen
Your guns are nothing, better run from something
That can summon you to your knees and end all of your suffering

[Hook]

[Monoxide]
Sick to death, capture what's left
Of a killer on a rampage leaving a bloody mess
No one can stop this evil that transcends
In my brain and ends in blood stains of your family and your...
Friends, ain't no hostages
You can die the same way all your partners did

[Jamie Madrox]
Let the sun break, shed skin like a snake, how they picture me
Visions of my enemies beheading me
Fantasy, say I'm living in the clouds
Talk a lot of shit and make sure every bit of it's loud
Evil's coming in the form of the twins
And bringing hell to devour all your horrible sins
Cause the judgmental devil wanna make you bite your tongue
And push you to the point where you truly don't give a fuck

[Hook]

[Outro]
... The animated demon also destroyed most of the man's posessions. Leaving the shattered belongings scattered among his own bloody remains