[Intro Backwards]
When the Jews return to zion
And the comets fill the sky
Then the holy empire rises
Humanity will die

[Verse 1: Jamie Madrox]
Welcome to the end of days
Is it your end of days?
Well that depends how you play the game
Look out for self, look out for you first
See you can't help others heal if you can't heal your own hurt
And your own worship means something to you
See, your appearance reflects on how others will perceive you
Believe you? They never gonna give you a chance
In an economy that's dying like a record advance
Popularity polls and celebrity trash sites
With pictures of famous gucci all up in the limelight
Can't nobody make a buck cause everybody is broke
Spent they last on a 40 and a nickel of dope
And it's hard to get a job when nobody's hiring
That's why old folks can't afford retiring
But I don’t care and I still don't, outta control
Just like everybody loosing my soul
One day at a time, too many frames of mind
So many ways to die, became obsessed with finding mine
In a flatline fantasy, killin' our reality off
It tried to battle me but sanity lost to sorrow

[Hook: Jamie Madrox]
And if tomorrow isn't ending like today
I shove it with both hands and push reality away
The end of days (let's go!) The end of days
How can you shed a little lie when it darkens the feel?
And every voice inside you is screamin' out "keep it real!"
Is this your end of days?
Is this your end of days?

[Verse 2: Prozak]
Yo, why does everybody wanna be the one to
Be fake, full of lies when I come through
I can see it in your eyes like you want to
Supply my divines for the one-two
But you never will, never get a chance
Dilated inside of an ambulance
Night scream and [?]
Man, insane and wild of an [?]
Here we go again, amen, seven sins, switchblade
Needles and pins, motherfucker back for real
I spit a verse like a curse with an acronym
It's Prozak and Twiztid back again
While the devil laughs last with a bastard grin
And it ain’t grace, for days my song rapes
Motherfucker prepare it's happening!

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Monoxide]
Where should I begin the tale? Spin then I'm revolvin'
And the wife, the bills, the kids? You can put a check by all of em
And a second job but tell me who the fuck is hiring?
The insurance on my car is only two days from expiring
So now I walk to get around
Cause I'm too proud to let somebody
Know my life is crashing down
I got a letter from the friend at a court
Saying that I got a warrant for some child support
I can't escape it like I'm stuck in a hole
And they just keep on adding dirt, everyday a little more
And now I'm acting like a jerk to everybody that I know
And it can cost me everything, from my family to my home
(Let's go!)

[Hook x2]