Society's created me"

[Verse 1: Monoxide]
Now what up world? Welcome to my level
Remember me? I'm the devil!
Well, obviously I'm really not
Just really hot look I got the cops wit' me
What's everyone's problem indeed?
A question I ask so oftenly
Publicly, your appalled at me
But, behind closed doors you're applauding, don't you see?
I'm from a whole 'nother dimension
Where demon flicks and chicks wit' big tits get my attention!
When I'm painted up, lookin' like a freak show
Headed for a mime convention!
Loose screws, I'll admit it!
You can hear it every time I hit it!
I don't do voodoo, but start to finish
I'mma put a little darkness in it!
Mothafuckas come get it!

[Hook: Monoxide]
I'm just a little bit different
But I guess it doesn't matter to anybody who isn't
I'm on a ladder wit' extension cords about to jump
Losin' interest in livin', I've had enough!

[Verse 2: Jamie Madrox]
Like a comic book shop, I got a lotta bad issues
Many sad stories for snot rags and tissues
Lotta bad luck, at least I have a country song worth
I've been a loser since the day my momma gave birth
I don't feel no wear, but used to how they label me
And pick me apart and then hopin' that they disable me
Am I trippin' and thinkin' about a past life?
I'm standin' over my own self holdin' a flashlight!
Tryna look him in my eyes like the rest do
And while I'm bein' me I wonder why I upset you
Call me different, I'm different in every way
And bein' me, bein' strange is a part of my forte
Surrounded by those that feel the same way
We embrace individuality on the daily!
Nocturnal, meanin' I don't sleep
And there's always room in the fam for more black sheep!

[Hook: Monoxide]

[Verse 3: Monoxide]
I'm different, some wanna call me ignorant
So what I wanna get so drunk, then I end up in the trunk
In a pool of my own sick, "Dude, you're an idiot!"
So cool, just to be somethin' so far from the ordinary
Like stars ain't another one in the sky like me
And like bars I'mma give it a shot, you'll see
You're Venus, I'm Mars
Galaxies between us, there are
Many different reasons by far
But I don't really care what they are
I'm gonna stay, me every day
Don't matter what anybody in here say!
I'mma do it for everybody that wanted me to bring change
I could never leave 'em hangin' like a key chain!

[Hook: Monoxide]