[Intro: Random Girl]
Hi! My name's Lisa
I'm what some people call a sex addict
I mean just because I like to have sex with alot of boys
It doesn't make me a freak, ok?
I mean, yeah I like to do a doggy style
And suck cock and all that you know?
I mean I usually just tell 'em
Pull that muthafucka out and let me see it
Get started...

[Verse 1: Monoxide]
Now let me introduce myself as the man
Fucking every bitch in the world, just cuz I can
And I won't even play with you bitches that don't fuck
All I know, you could be a dude with ya nuts cut
I don't need all the stress and all the games
And all the callin' me names and all the frontin' like you're sane
Bitch, you ain't shit but a ho and a trick
And all you're good for is hopefully fucking and sucking dick
Wanna blame it on my music? Well that'll never happen
Cuz I was fuckin' hoes like you before the rappin'
Goin' get me to slappin' on that ass and butt cheeks
And get my dick to splashin' and cummin' on bed sheets
I'm a lunatic, weirdo, lookin' to get laid
(Any hookers here tonight is lookin' to get paid?)
Fuck that, I won't spend no nickel on no ass
I don't even want no stinkin' bitches thinkin' about my cash

[Hook x2]
Bitch, is you coming out of them pants?
I'm trying to figure out whether or not I'm getting ass
You calling me a freak, say I'm moving too fast
But if you don't fuck on the first date I'm leaving that ass

[Verse 2: Jamie Madrox]
Bitch wit' the big lips, I'm a young nigga
With crazy fuckin' my hips
And I can make you do things you're afraid to do
And by the end of the night, you want me to fuck you
Hey bitch, that's a nice ass
Lemme see you strip down to flesh and show me a flash dance
Got me risin' in my pants, and I'm pitchin' a tent
It's just a video camera, no need to get upset
Hey bitch, do you like sex? Well me too
I'm goin' pull my dick out and this is what we goin' do
Fuck 'til the sun comes up and fall asleep
Leavin' pussies battered, abused, and numb for weeks
You say you never sucked dick, a minor obstacle
Just pretend that my dick is a popsicle
And lick it all on the sides and tip
You got cream-sicle filling on ya tounge and lips

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Monoxide]
You can tell it from the getgo bitch, I ain't the one
And stricly for your info bitch, you ain't the bomb
I done fucked many two and three hoes at the time
And the most hoes I fuck in one night is like five
DAAAAMN...
You can say I'm addicted to sex
But if you know my sleeze then you know I'm addicted to death
Monoxide fuckin' bitches left to right
Let a killa know, if your fuckin' tonight

[Verse 4: Jamie Madrox]
Hey bitch, do you shave your peach?
I can check cause your beaver is within my arm reach
Leavin' a rash on my cock
Burned up, cradle, and duds are icey hot
Hey Bitch, would you finger your box?
And rub the butt of a nigga name Madrox
Half hour killa with an hour worth a dick
So do you wanna fuck? Hey you, hey bitch...

[Hook]

[Outro: Jamie Madrox]
Stupid bitch!
What the fuck you think this is?
I take you out to dinner
Maybe to a movie, and you don't wanna fuck?!?
Who the fuck you think you are?!?
Motherfuckin' Liz Claiborne, bitch?
I don't like that shit, and I don't like you!
So if you ain't fuckin', you need to bounce, bitch!
That's on my moms!
I'm lookin' for ass, money, and dead shit!