(Chorus x3)
Mashed potatos, we're unable to row, riding on a gravy boat
Oh oh oh oh oh oh-oh gravy boat!

(Jamie Madrox)
We run shit like constipation on Ex-Lax
All up in your pocket like Uncle Sam and the income tax
Can you relax when shit is run a mile a minute?
Play the industry like pussy
Grab your dick and get up in it
(Are you in it to win it?)
As we prevail, with shit so obese
That it's tipping the scale
I been to Hell, heavy hot mothafucka
Walking the Earth since child birth
Never went to school, and when I did, I ate my homework
Never played a fool, and if I did, I was a poser
You can't blame a nerd for trying to get closer
(Now I'm the poster boy!)
For geeks and freaks and chainsaw murderers
That seldom ever sleep
They call me Stay-Puft Marshmellow
Man cause I was so fat my arms
Looked like they were sectioned off in rubber bands
Would it ever change?
I prayed and hope it
Throw a scoop of mash potatos
See the chorus for the gravy boat

(Chorus x3)
Mashed potatos, we're unable to row, riding on a gravy boat
Oh oh oh oh oh oh-oh gravy boat!

(Monoxide Child)
I'm on D!
Obstruction of justice and all that
Fuck the cops, where my mothafuckin' dogs at?
Your corner boy with the teddy bear nose
And the fake ass asortment of hoes
I'm changing clothes like a true scrub, maybe twice a week
And smoking weed till my eyeballs bleed
Once I hit the Lotto
Crazy money, millions and G's
And then I split that shit on the trees
Treat me like the freak I am
Don't ever route me on a tour to Japan
I base it all up on my sound scan
So glad you leave my tastebuds fiending, with a slow jam singing, and some fake thug clinging to ya
I see the gangstas just walk on through
And ain't a mothafuckin' thing you can do
Shit, my brain blew out on concrete
But my feet keep moving to another beat
Like the Jedi Luke Skywalker

(Chorus x3)
Mashed potatos, we're unable to row, riding on a gravy boat
Oh oh oh oh oh oh-oh gravy boat!

*musical interlude*

(Chorus x3)
Mashed potatos, we're unable to row, riding on a gravy boat
Oh oh oh oh oh oh-oh gravy boat!