(Next mother fucker going to get my metal)

[Verse 1: The R.O.C.]
I can't wait to tell you, to kill you,  I feel you
You motherfucker it's my horror story
Why dont you watch me, let me die
Why do they cry, why do my mentals
My fucking brain, instant pain
The rock and rolls got me on a knife train
You wanna funk? Do you punk?
You'll be the story, in the morning papers, sunk
Deep in the river as I deliver
My sick rhymes to my fury, just another horror story

[Interlude]
Why are the children doing what they are doing?
Why does this child reach up and kill his mom and dad?
Killing is killing whether done for good, profit or fun!
Why are the children?

[Verse 2: Mr. Bones]
To melt your mind with the rhymes that I bring
Don't ever stay too close because I don't sing
I bring bad things to life
Somebody stabbed me in the heart with one of those butcher knifes
Death to all described in my wicked rhymes
Sands through time, embedded in the flatlines
Page by my the page, I'm in an out r-r-rage
Crowds lose their minds when I'm on s-s-stage
I deliver my sick rhymes through the glory
I'm just another motherfuckin horror story

[Interulude]

[Verse 3: Hektic]
I bring the sound that's known to be so wicked
Fucking around and serious p-pain's inflected
I take no shorts, the wig splittin is my specialty
I leave you hanging from a tree
Butcher the case, my thoughts are insane
Blows your mind, better get somebody to wipe the blood stain
Fade my name down through my self
Cont-t-troll, bloody soul, I gotta go
My time is up, rest my soul or get fucked up

[Interlude]

[Outro: The R.O.C.]
Yo motherfucker let me tell you what's up the House of Krazees
Up in here for the lonely stalkers
Yo keep the groove on mother fuckers
Keep our groove on 'cause this shit only gonna get bigger
All that I'm shittin' on
Yeah you know what I'm saying
So hey yo check this shit out nigga we're goin' insane
We insane in the membrane
Check that shit coming on yo ass, killing on yo ass
Yeah we the halloween takers
You know what's up motherfuckers the R.O.C. talkin' to your ass
Check it