[Madrox]
They keep telling me: "Pull the trigger and kill 'em dead."
Bullets goes in the front and out the back of they head
Second shot to the belly, sure to shatter their spine
Loading the gun, a vision inside of my mind
A coded message under my skin, tellin' me
Not to let them live and if I do I'm sure to take their place
Even though it's a sin and turning tainted of kin
And if they scream for mercy, shoot 'em in the face
Tonight's the night, they say to do it
I better do it quick
It's almost dusk and my heart's beatin' real fast
I keep re-playing in my head
How they're gonna look when I catch them sleeping
And they'll see the flash from the gun blast
Up the staircase, slower than I've ever walked
Time slows down when the tensions heavy
And the shotgun slippin' cause my palms' real sweaty
And the demon keep asking me:
"Are you ready?"
I'm not insane then, I suppose
And blam the bullet holes
And blam the bullet holes
And both bodies slumped over
The door won't close, so I pause in amazement and take my repose
"Don't stop there, there's two more alive, I said kill them all and they all must die."
So back up the staircase to make a quick rite
To my parent's room, to kill 'em both on sight

[Interlude]
...

[Monoxide]
Strange things...
Going on inside of my mind, telling me to (kill)
Telling me to get a butcher knife up outta the kitchen
Hey, wait a minute, listen (kill)
Whisperin' and I can't get away
I hear this shit all day
Really not sure why the voice come get me
I'm about to go INSANE
Did you hear what I said?
It really don't matter cause everybody in the room better find a way to get outta here
Instead of cause of problems
I'm making everybody suffer
Now I'mma be the motherfucker looking for a volunteer
I can hear it again, whisperin'
Transitionin' through anything that I'm listenin' to
And I can't think about bringing anything but impending doom
Go in the kitchen where everybody is sitting
All them looking at me like I'm some kind of a fucking lunatic
Or maybe I was wrong and the reason they would look at me is they could see it all on my face
Man, and I'm loosing it

[Interlude]
...

[Madrox]
Everything is done now like the demon said
Only me alive, no more voice in my head
Total silence, all thats left of the night:
Bloodshed, gun shells, death, and sheer violence
"Are you happy now?! Look what you made me do!
Everybody's dead now I wanna kill you!"
I said, "Show yourself!"
But no one spoke
There was only one shell in the pocket of my coat
So I loaded my gun back up one last time
And I took a deep breath and put it to my mind
I can hear the cops outside telling me:
"Put the gun down son, everything is gonna be fine..."