[Verse 1: Monoxide]
Feelin' lifeless wanna fight this
Feeling the urge to end something so priceless
Brought back from a hateful climate
When I get so cold and I'm violent
And I can't bring it to silence
I'm so fucking absurd and out of context
Listen to my words dead circus
We're running with inanimate objects
Will keep you stuck in the process like cobwebs
My concious and my progress will keep me comin'
For the nonsense and I guess I do it for the
People who be lookin for my chest to stay
With the hardest of conscience
And I'll be damn if I don't take it like God blessed
And put it to a song so you know it's nonsense
Who wanna end it all over
Something so petty as little dumb shit
I don’t wanna hear any reason that you would come with

[Hook: Dominic]
In this life... my si-tu-a-tions fading
As I take flight! From the top of the sky-scraper
Will you hear me screaming out?

[Verse 2: Jamie Madrox]
Ahh get out my head out my nightmares
I'm all that I have left and any given day
It seems that I dont care, yo I've kicked the habit
And I killed fear, not afraid of dying
More afraid of living then tryna stay here
Stay clear, too many tainted visions of people perpetratin
To be something greater than they appear
And my appearance is ignorance society
Social sickness an a vaccine lies thats broken nobody fixes
Still dreaming, praying with both clenched fists
That the hate will be extracted and replaced with self forgiveness
Forgive this hard and sick son of a bitch
That spits shit self medicated mortalled enemy worst critic
Calling myself projection an working through infection
My perception is a bad radio station with no reception
As I sign off one last time then everything is all disconnected

[Hook]
In this life... my si-tu-a-tions fading
As I take flight! From the top of the sky-scraper
Will you hear me screaming out?

[Bridge: Dominic]
I'm ten feet from the ground
Was lost but now I'm found...
Lost but now I'm found....

[Verse 3: Irv Da Phenom]
I've... been... Kick'n it in the dark
That's more hopin that I ever have
Never have I had to list the shit I would rather have
Rather than life I'm livin now I been breakin down
Feelin like some prison
And I'm think'n bout me breakin out
And I know its not sane when I cock that thang
And point it at my brain
If I let that bang get the thang that it's aimed at
Put in the pain there be more blame when I came back
In the after life... lately I been thinkin about the afterlife
Usually I'm thinkin God and I'll be glad for life
But you wouldn't understand unless you had my life
Where I been, what I've seen
Your nightmares my good dream
And your love is what I need
If you can hear me when I scream!

[Hook]
In this life... my si-tu-a-tions fading
As I take flight! From the top of the sky-scraper
Will you hear me screaming out?

[Bridge]
I'm ten feet from the ground
Was lost but now I'm found...
Lost but now I'm found....