"Hello"
"Hey man I'm sorry to call you so late"
"Do you know what time it is right now?
"I know it's three thirty in the morning man, but I-I just need to talk to somebody, I'm going crazy"
"Aight well talk, cause I'm fucking sleeping"
"Last night they came for me"
"Who, what?
"They came to kill me man"
"Who, who came, wait a minute, who came to kill you?"
"The people in my dreams"
"W-wait man, you been smoking or something, I mean it's three thirty in the mornin?"
"I-I can't smoke man, I'll pass out if I smoke, I'm so tired I hadn't slept in so long. I think they're trying to kill me in my sleep."
I don't ever wanna sleep again
Never ever wanna sleep again
(Monoxide Child)
I know I'm running ya'll
Don't know what I'm running from
I hear it coming ya'll
But don't know where it's coming from
It's gonna get me now
Don't know how
But it'll get me
I think it bit me
Don't know how but it bit me
I hate sleeping, I'm afraid of the dark
I can't believe these fucking dreams
Would have me breathing so hard
It's like a panic attack
And my hands get all tingly
But they said I'd be alright
If I took my lil' blue thingies
Can't wake up, end up closing my eyes
Can't shake it cause the demon wants to keep me inside
I'm on the high rise building
And I'm ready to jump
Without a parachute
So I hit the ground like a pistol grip
Pump on my lap at all times
Right well this motherfucker took it
And shot me in broad day light
Now I'm laying in the EMS
I got all kinda wires hanging off of my chest
And this beep keeps beeping so I know I'm alive
It's my alarm clock tripping
It's a quarter to five (Quarter to five)

(Chorus)
Why are you sleeping? (Wake the fuck up!!)
Are you still dreaming? (Wake the fuck up!!)
Why are you sleeping? (Wake the fuck up!!)
I don't never wanna sleep again (Wake the fuck up!!)
Are you still dreaming? (Wake the fuck up!!)
Never ever wanna sleep again (Wake the fuck up!!)
(Anybody Killa)
Wake the fuck up
Bad dreams too scary
Darker then the night sky, body being carried
When I awake I'm gonna tear somebody up
Cause when I'm swinging in my sleep
It's like it's never strong enough
Pull the sheet tight over my head
Toss and turn till the morning eyes bloodshot red
Dozing off in the day hardly catching a Z's
Wake the fuck up in my head like a disease
Somebody sing me a lullaby
Chase away all these evil cries
Please don't lay me down to sleep
Cause behind my eyes is something deep
One of these days I may never awake
Whole body eyes closed staring at pearly gates
Looking for a second chance to dance with the dead
Underground living with the moon for a friend
Never knowing how it's all gone in
Room full of entities and my sleep again

(Chorus)
Why are you sleeping? (Wake the fuck up!!)
Are you still dreaming? (Wake the fuck up!!)
Why are you sleeping? (Wake the fuck up!!)
I don't never wanna sleep again (Wake the fuck up!!)
Are you still dreaming? (Wake the fuck up!!)
Never ever wanna sleep again (Wake the fuck up!!)
(The R.O.C.)
I can't wake there's no pulse
I can't reach the door
Who's wait just please shake me till I'm up for
The rest of the night I'm in and out of this dream
I'm tossing, turning, screaming
Cause it's changing the scene on me again
Sweat pours from my pores
And I'm drowning life preservers finally got me
Death's a mountain
And I'm dropped knee high in a pillow of darkness
I need a search light, please don't stop this
(Jamie Madrox)
I was dreaming when I wrote this
I don't remember much
A little drugs, few women
Vampires and such
Hot sex in a tub of blood
Feel the heat
But fuck quietly
Vampires are asleep
Like walking on a tight rope trying to cum
I was fucking so long had my dick all numb
Then I pushed and pushed until I started to bust
Then I awoke butt-naked in front of the tour bus

(Chorus x2)
Why are you sleeping? (Wake the fuck up!!)
Are you still dreaming? (Wake the fuck up!!)
Why are you sleeping? (Wake the fuck up!!)
I don't never wanna sleep again (Wake the fuck up!!)
Are you still dreaming? (Wake the fuck up!!)
Never ever wanna sleep again (Wake the fuck up!!)