[Intro: Madrox]
Twiztid up in the studio
Puttin' it down with our muthafuckin' cousin from Hed P.E. in this bitch
Letting all you ho-ass bitches know
That all that weak shit you doing out there?
You think you king-partner dog?
You know what, you know what, man that weak shitz out, yo
I'm here to tell you, that that weak shitz out, yo
Monoxide let 'em know

[Verse 1: Monoxide]
How many times and
How many rhymes and lines am I in?
And how many people are praying me and Madrox don't find them?
We like to take a little credit when they change
Cause when shit stays the same we gon' blow it out the frame baby!
So many say we raising the bar, it's so far that you can barely see it
So they compare us both to a star
You're a parked car
With ya hazard lights buzzin'
When I'm buzzin' it's a hazard
Turn your lights out cause you'll see
All of your weak shitz is making me sick
It's such a shame the underground has got diseases
And if Kanye's Jesus
Then I can't fuckin' believe this
Then I must be the Devil
Cause the fire's what I'm breathin'

[Hook]
That weak shitz out!
Fuck that shit!
That weak shitz out!
Fuck that shit!
That weak shitz out!
Fuck that shit!
That weak shitz out!
Fuck that shit!

[Verse 2: Madrox]
Shifting since we emerged and appeared in the shape of shadows
Hit me and I disperse and attack you from every angle
I'm not a general, I'm three strikes like shell toe
And twiztid boys mind bend like elbows
Keep this shit alive, don't ever let this shit die
This shit is for life: Yours and mine (Who's who?)
And we're rewriting all of the rules
And that old shit is out what the fuck you gonna do?
Go and cry like a bitch, accept dick
Go and cop up old shit or one of them new bitches
Remaking it and takin' it to the bank, but I've been there pimp
And you might think that your the shit but dont nobody else feel that!

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Jahred]
Let's get lifted!
Like I'm driving Twiztid
Quick to hit the hypocrite you know I'm gifted
When the track's a weapon, you bet I'm ready to use it
I killed commercial radio and I murdered a pop music!
Yo motherfuck all this emo shit:
Fall Out Boys and the homo-clique
I don't give a fuck what label you with
When I come through town your bitch suck my dick
I don't give a fuck, so shut the fuck up
Bitch you don't wanna fuck with me
No this ain't just rap, cause I'mma kidnap your bitch and make her ride with me
Come on baby I'mma rock and roll you
I'mma shock and show you that I'm the one nigga to keep it punk rock
I don't give a fuck, so shut the fuck up, bitch you dont wanna fuck with me

[Hook]