[Verse 1: Madrox & Monoxide]
YOU BACK THE FUCK UP!
Cause I've had enough
They put the evil in chains and handcuffs
They hope that people will change and have love
They hope the weak will rise and stand up
I DON'T KNOW IF I CAN
Maybe it's just an experiment from the scientists
Maybe the reason that most of the people are buyin this
They're all in search of solution, that's why they tryin this

[Bridge: Madrox]
I'm beside myself and I don't understand
I need some time to breathe and
Regroup from my master plan
I don't fit in
But I'm sure in no time I'll be on your shit list
Then you'll..

[Hook]
WELCOME HOME!
When you come down..
WELCOME HOME!
Come here with me..
WELCOME HOME!
When you come down..
WELCOME HOME! HOME! HOME!
Come here with me..
WELCOME HOME!
When you come down..
WELCOME HOME!
Come here with me..
WELCOME HOME!
When you come down..
WELCOME HOME! HOME! HOME! HOME! HOME!

[Verse 2: Monoxide]
Sick games with sick ways to play though
Don't say no names or get smushed out like playdough
They put my name, stature in label
Then hoping it all pops like a sawed of gage (oh!)
Shoot the place, nobody is givin a fuck
Street teams and big trucks, and driveways stuck
With no bucks and you can chalk it up to bad luck
But on the real muthafucka, your music just sucks
I'm a quicky eater like a ego
And choke your fuckin neck till you're beggin me to let go
Everybody warned you, I know because you said so
But now you makin t-shirts in your basement, stealin my instrumentals
I'm monumental and detrimental
The one that that make me wanna snatch you
I'm holdin my son, holdin the gun, holdin it down, hopin' to sound
Forever I'm underground, so hear me now

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Madrox]
Bitches are nervous cause we got up on the pigs
So they sickin to hide and try to thicken they clip
I got a clip for the whole squad
And if we get to shootin them termin ninjas is screamin out "oh my god"
Help me Lord, been irritated and imitated
And even hated for the fact that our face is painted
Maybe it's prejudice, I realize and recognize the fact
The musical company, they gon turn it white and black
Writin bars like the others, don't matter color or creed
When they say with animosity
No undisputed enemies appalled
Y'all dicks got no balls, because the real biggest went for the law of city hall
We the product of environment and ghetto till we finish
Till the day that we retire and close out for business
I know you feelin that you're wellin up inside
Put your clip in the heater, pull the trigger and let's ride

[Hook]