[Trumpet] Hey Percy Jr., Percy Jr... wha-wha-what's that, what's that you playin?

[Percy Jr.] Workin on somethin new
[Trumpet] Sound like some bullshit, I mean you really think the audience
Is gonna appreciate that?
[Percy Jr.] Well Rooster say I can play what I wanna
[Trumpet] No, nevermind anything that Rooster tell ya, you gonna play the
Stuff I like, okay?

[Andre 3000]
Ain't noboodddyyy like my style, yeah
I light my fire, yeah
(I light my fire, I light my fire!)
They blow it out, yeah
(They blew it out, they blew it out!)
And don't nobooddyyy gonna feel like that, no
Monkeys on back crawl
Now watch them all fall
Gon' fall! Look out!

[Hook One: Andre 3000]
Nobody wanted to dance
When I had a lot of time on my hands
Now I gotta lot of hands on my time
And everybody wanna be a friend of mine
Whoa, whoa! I wouldn't mind a friend
The fellas back home all tryna win
Moon keeps shining on bootleg bottles
Cops in the street, keep yo' feet on the throttle
Sellin what you got, can't afford they model
Yellin, "Go DJ, go!"

[Andre 3000]
Ain't no Idddllleee;everything is Wild, yeah
You can be here now, yeah
(Sometimes you turn around)
Be in the ground, yeah
(Or die six feet underground)
And ain't no bibllleee at this here church, no
You won't find God, no
Might meet Him first, oh
Oh, God! Look out!

[Hook Two: Andre 3000]
Nobody wanted to leave
House so packed that we couldn't even breathe
And ain't no better place to fall in love
Angels sent from heaven above
Swing down! They gon' change ya life
You might make a baby, might meet ya wife
But one sure thing that you gonna say
Deep down south rustling in yo' place
Them Idlewild cats man they don't play
Don't make me send the telegram to Rooster, he'll shoot ya

[Taffy]
You better come harder than that sweetie!
This ain't no mortuary!

[Big Boi]
And you don't wanna take it to the gat so soon
Stinkin to ya Jenkins, waiting in the upper room
Tell ya maker, say ya prayers, we some playas but you made us
Mashed potatoes, bad potato, blast you hater, blast the gator
So you might just wanna kick back and drink roots
Take hat to ya woman, relax, break loose
Cause pret' soon if she choose, she gon' walk away from you
Straight to the Rooster cause he's cock-a-doodle poo
What they do fool?
Who's tryna run a small time crap shooting
All time fat chewing, hats got the matching suit and lens
All cats pursuing, kinda wild, it's Idlewild
Time to break it on, break it on down now
Percival take it on out!

[Andre 3000]
Say whoa Mammy!... whoa Mammy!
Say whoa Pappy!... whoa Pappy!
Say whoa Mammy!... whoa Mammy!
Say whoa Pappy!... whoa Pappy!
Everybody get up! Aww, naw, naw, naw, get down!
Everybody get up! Aww, naw, naw, naw, get down!
Everybody get up! Aww, naw, naw, naw, get down!
Everybody get up! Aww, naw, naw, naw, get down!
Everybody get up! Aww, naw, naw, naw, get down!
Everybody get up! Aww, naw, naw, naw, get down!
Everybody get up! Aww, naw, naw, naw, get down!
Everybody get up! Aww, naw, naw, naw, get down!
[Horn sounds play 'til fade]