[Verse 1: Wiki]
Facts, react
To him, better act like-like-like a motherfucker know
Hold back [?] I'm grown
Flown different continents
Boned different kinds of chicks
Grown to this kind of shit
Don't need no acknowledgements, no
That's facts I'm back in the city and I just got into the zone
So, what you want from me?
Wanna come for me?
Come for me - motherfucker let's go
Even if I'm left on the floor you'll still be broke
And I'll still be getting me dough
[?]
And I'm saying "fuck you" to get to your dome
Facts, man, facts, man
Y'all a bunch of little petty rap fans
It's the New York pack man
It's like facts, man, facts, fans
Y'all a bunch of little shi tty rap fans
It's the New York pack man, look
Truth
The only thing I wanna hear ringing through the streets man
Ringing through the booth
Youth
They don't wanna hear all the shit they say up on the news
Man, what you gonna do?
Forgetting everything you sick of
Got me looking like a sick duck - really how I look
Not for real but I'm still at it and getting my dick sucked
Now we back before the bridge when I live up
We did the same shit: get lit
Till we found a chick-let that was with it and we give up
Hah, never that - I forever rap
But I hardly ever wrap my dick up
Just [?]
[?]
With a quick touch
You off, you a moth
I'm a butterfly, all them other guys [?]
Yep, did I stutter?
Nah, nah, nah motherfucker if you wonder why I [?]
Motherfucker give up

[Verse 2: Your Old Droog]
Give it up like my song said
Draped in ice, gold medallions, not Italian, getting long bread
Forget the wrong side, I woke up in the wrong bed
A lot of cats weak when they alive but they strong dead
Make 'em put the microphone down
Literary genius, couldn't even tell you what's a pronoun
These known clones need to come with their own sound
'Bout to start a whack rapper Jonestown, facts
All I hear is facsimilers
Spitting mediocre-ass metaphors and whack similes
Getting sick of these copycats
Heard me say "copy" and they copy that (what the fuck?)
Bunch of fraudulent scholars in the game 'cause they got overstudied in the past
Talking "real rap" but they wouldn't know hip-hop if it came up and bit 'em on the ass
Garbage getting heavy play, trouble coming everyday
Dude, shit is looking real sad
Mad 'cause they idolize the rap star and that makes it real clear that you didn't have a dad
That's what they had
It's [?] for these seeds getting raised by Worldstar and Vlad
How is Old Droog, the drop-out of junior college
Dropping more knowledge than a so-called graduate
Had you at bar one, bar none
In the booth, this is arson
And we don't know who you are, son
Just a lame, what's your name? I don't care
People only hear you 'cause it's there
Shoved down throats while they come to me
You were sonning me - now you know who your pops is
A little synopsis, a summary
From a G like Wes Montgomery
Had to flex versatility
I'm unique, mostly technique, no agility
Question my ability
I'll be the personal trainer for your exercise in futility
Bitch