Having thousand dollar dinners at Mr. Chow
Not to mention we drop grips in town
While you trapped like 2Pacalypse Now
Don't wanna hear nothing come out ya lips now
You won't see me asking, "Are you still down?"
Some cats just don't feel the sound
It's not my fault you don't have a spine to send chills down
I'm only choosing 9s & 10s to drill and pound
Got off the train at the stop near the brewery
To drink some hops, go home, and watch Louie
Hollered at this chick, even though her grill was chop suey
Sometimes you miss your turn and gotta pop a u-ey
No more uglies, I'm only piping hot bitches
How hot? Piping-hot bitches
Not some old frigid broad like Ms. Huxtable
Ass was fuckable, titties was *suckable*
Optimum cake and ain't nobody I owe
Can tell I'm eating from the spaces in my flow
Ayo, why, is there nothing but white faces at my show?
Not that it matters, we still make the place go

[Chorus]
Never indulge in Peppermint Patties or Good & Plenty's
But I once copped a loosey in the store with pennies
Never too bourgeois for E&J or pure white Henney
Son I used to buy a loosey in the store with pennies

(Actually happened to me, with a penny. Word to me)

It's that dude who got your mama laid bumping Lady Marmalade
Trying to replicate my vocal tone on Gunsmoke Cologne
One of the best, you couldn't be this good with a gun to your chest
And your life on the line
Never get over, you forever under mine
So you try to undermine
I could blunder a line
Fuck around, words tumble and somersault
But if I'm off beat, it's the drummer's fault
Addin on to places as far as the Adirondack
Was raw before I ever had a contract
Used to upload shit to take it right down
Have them asking this delinquent "where the link went?"
Give me your email, I'm gonna send you some things
Make sure that you're prepared for when the pendulum swings
I'm like E.E. Cummings, Walt Whitman
It's hitting and I always keep a written in the vault hidden
A beat is like a J-A-W-N
Trying to find a new jawn for me to splooge on
Prove that other dude is a huge con
Show the difference between a stooge and a don
A superb marksman with night vision on the Wesley sniper rifle
When it's nighttime and they real dark skin
And don't do it in the presence of that sleazy hood rat
So many people in the hood rat

Reflecting on progression while I'm driving past the story
Bought the dice to help me win money to pay for the session
Before that Nutty Bars wafer we wasn't really messin'
Hold up dog, I thought you wasn't gonna do the cab confession?
Rappers rhyme for a minute and think they spaz
You know how corny your cipher sounds? Don't get gassed
A chance of revenge I've yet to let pass
Do we kill em if they ass bet? You bet your ass
Too witty when I pen these, giving me the crazy look like I [?]
When I came with the 50 pennies
Like damn, what, are you broke doggy?
I heard your car got towed and you feeling froggy
Voice is groggy, I got something to clear throats
Call a spade like Chris Farley, ya'll corny like air quotes
Was probably rocking furs down in bear coats
Them USA joints, the flames playing a point
Expectations are the root of all disappointments
But time heals all wounds, it's the ointment
Skin peels, women go to my show in heels
You with a hooker giving a different meaning to copping feels
My flow didn't just get like this, it's been real
Got rappers signing out, saying, "It's been real"
In me, it was instilled everybody takes Ls
It's just about how well they all conceal
Can seal the deal with this one, it's been a journey
Now people wanna do business
Hold up, lemme give my attorney a call
He pulls strings like Ernie Ball
I got bitches, what I need to watch a porno for?
Tell em, I don't cop a loosey in the store no more
We got packs, smoking Winston too
Don't be mad that I'm racking up more wins than you
It's a thrashing with a convincing fashion
But Winston on the set? Benson hedges his bets
Joe Camel gets exposed for the hump that he is
And Marlboro Man needs a better marketing plan
Fucking with them reds, what are you from, Cincinnati?
I rock the White Sox fitted daddy
Only thing in my thought bubble, is home girl with the fatty
Breezing through the tunnel in tinted Caddy