[Intro: Your Old Droog]
Woop-woop! That's the sound of the police
Woop-woop! That's the sound of the beast
Woop-woop! That's the sound of the police
Woop-woop! That's the sound of the beast
Woop-woop! That's the sound...
Hold up, hold up, check it out...

[Verse 1: Your Old Droog]
Want it so bad that I could taste it
Her little waist fit, pretty toes with the ankle bracelet
So fly a person that she'd have a blind dude thirstin'
Wanting to fix his cataracts, matter-of-fact
All that to catch a glimpse
Told me she was done with the players and the pimps
Said she want it square, and I just retired
Being a goon so it was the perfect time of year
You know the D's been cracking down
Like Thin Lizzy, the boys are back in town
Put the pack down, son, it's hot out here
Leave the hood for Hollywood, cop a spot out there
But, wait, I still have some more extra weight
And when the money stopped coming in, she would speculate
So I let her know what I'd been doing
Said if I quit, after she would help me with the move-in
Had my boo pushing packs, it a bug thing
Didn't give her a ring but she got a drug ring
Never seen such unity
Me and my baby pumping Indica, in the community
She handled grain stuff I sold the white, right
I'm like dolomite you move how a doja might
We drank white, dining on Lobster Lee
With her around little men were obsolete
And she brought me some new custos
Couple randos in some name-brand clothes, and I don't normally trust those
But everything was flowing smooth
And since she was a rookie, I let her show improve
Well-prepped, step-by-step, I would coach her
On how to think quick and shove that brick up in her chocha
What to do when the feds come
Asking about that redrum (Don't you say a thing)
Shorty was mad tough, liked it rough
In the bedroom, she got busy with them cuffs
Dead in my living room, I'm ready for fight night
I heard commotion in the driveway and saw the bright lights
Honey live, six months of recorded phone conversations
And I'm facing twenty-five
She was the perfect decoy
That's when I found out that my girl was a boy, what?

[Refrain: Your Old Droog]
Woop-woop! That's the sound of the police
Woop-woop! That's the sound of the beast
Woop-woop! That's the sound of the police
Woop-woop! That's the sound of the beast
Woop-woop! That's the sound of the police
Woop-woop! That's the sound of the beast
Woop-woop! That's the sound of the police
Woop-woop! She did me grease...