[Intro: Wiki]
You know, me and Droog
We out here doing our thing, you know what it is man
You know what i...
You know it's Coney Island, Chinatown, Upper West
Whatever the fuck you want, you know?
Check, check, yo, yo
Yo, yo, check, yo
...

[Verse 1: Your Old Droog]
I'm the best even when I'm rusty
And the style still fresh, although I'm dusty
These custies must be on dopamine or something
Who'da thought in today's age being dope'll mean nothing
Cats pushing buttons
Got actual DJ's suicidal, now they really be cuttin'
Might say it's harsh, but I'm paid in full
Jacket suede and wool - cannot wash
After money and the power, we already got respect
Won't even get a check until I get a "check check"
Think I do this as a hobby?
Nah, B
But if I wasn't getting paid to rock I'd still be writing probably
Or stealing on somebody in a robbery
Crack jaws like Bobby, shit
All the lead leave his head split
Hollow tip like House Party, follow the drip
Cowards - it's no match for my prowess
Heard 2 bars and I could tell you ain't put in your 10,000 hours
You got on early and it hurt you, 'cause you so-so
Patience is a virtuoso
Having runback lines while you making the same song
Literally got one-track minds
Yo these dudes is insufferable
Me, I just play my part and I'm smart enough to know
That all the true gangsters either in a box or behind bars
Doing real time, no Bill Maher
I spit it slick, hit a lick with no guitar
Live from the loosie spot, aka Bogotá
I'm Eric Bogosian, up late composin'
Satirical miracles, every lyric I goes in
Just like the times we had to hop the train just to go somewhere
Metrocard like OGC - no fare
In the cut with a 40 oz beer
While cats try to act all suave and debonair
Thought they could see me live in the square
Froze like Jackson 5 hair

[Verse 2: Wiki]
What happened to fire?
You ain't have shit out, but you happily retired
You casually conspire against me
You resent me, so why you dapping me you liar?
Then you asking me for hire?
Are you kidding?
Made a living begging when you do your biddings
I'm ending you, that's it
I made my decision, kicking
Type shit bending like a prism when the light hit
Might just hit 'em with the right, hit the right switch
Type of cats over-righteous, don't know what life is
I'm the type of cat see fly shit and wanna buy it
Violet, color of the gem in the lazarus
My chick, coming out [?] she the baddest bitch
Yeah I might say some savage shit if it's accurate
And sure, you'll be mad at it but you can't battle it
Peep what I said before
Y'all sleep while I dead you all
[?] but you ain't getting on
I will freak every last [?] to a mil or more
Why you cats catching feelings for?
Do you feel the force?
It ain't with you, kid, it ain't witch you
It ain't in you, the rap gods ain't pick you
It's Vishnu
If we talking Hindu, back to the force Mace Windu