[Verse 1]
What hasn’t been done before is what we tryna do
On the verge of takin' over the game, you just kinda blue
I’m already workin' on my "Bitches Brew"
Perfect games, look at how many pictures we brew
No one’s tryna be like the greats, it’s the essence we channel
That’s why they feel it from CA all the way to hamels and beach channel
Since Howard Stern was on the E channel
You been tryna get heard on public access like Robbin Bird
You’s a bird, never did any robbin'
Was gon' snatch a lady’s purse once, but you walked up behind and got scared
Old sticker up on his slicker like “Droog, you slick"
I just view music as a vigor and check awards like respect the jux
First and foremost, I’d like to thank God for my good looks… "good looks"
But with all these looks, there’s always one hatin' ass nerd
Still poppin' shit, I’m like…

[Hook 1]
Word?
He said “Droog, you never gonna make it!"
Word?
Talkin' reckless like "he’s not sellin' any records!"
Word? haters…
Say Droog, you’ll never be the greatest
Word?

[Verse 2]
Love is shit talkin', that’s more people that gotta eat their words, word
And I won’t be deterred from feedin' you that turd
Tryna play me like some new cat
Say you gon' put out somethin' better than Droog? Yeah, you do that
Type scrolls on a computer, son, where they do that at?
Mad you still got ‘em doo doo ass demos on the dat
Now every time you record it falls flat
Got dudes givin’ you words like Supernat, ha
Voila, make that shit to which everyone’s relatin'
Except a couple of herbs, damn, they still hatin'?
I just look at him like word? Word like Microsoft
Keep on poppin' junk, you actin' like we’re soft
Like the rap Ted Nugent got guns and cat scratch fever
You bums, straight cat snatchin' beaver
I’m heatin' up like Steve Kerr with a fever
And you still not a believer?

[Hook 2]
Word?
Old droog is wack, he the next gorilla black
Word? Really?
Son is a biter, my other man’s shit tighter
Word?
Show me a line I’ve bit, then
Just one line, you ain’t got word?

[Outro]
Fuck outta here
Clean ya ears out