[Fiend]
Yeah, yeah! YEAH!
We ain't NEVER went nowhere nigga

[Hook: Fiend + McAfee]
I'm speakin from the rock bottom, got a problem I can solve 'em
Get your paper burn 'em out and I can pop 'em
I'm speakin from the rock bottom, got a problem I can solve 'em
Get your paper burn 'em out and I can drop 'em

[Fiend]
I said son of Ricky, brother of Kevin
Visit yours my mother protected my Smith 'n Wesson
We all done struggled the same up in the crescent
Muscled our way for now to be present
Long ways to replace that, try and take that
We gon' get there, guess where his wake at
Life-threatenin, welcome to the doctor
Where it don't cost much, for you to pop one
Not one - shot clean off the map of the globe
Found him in a bag on the road
Everything that's fat is trapped in his nose
Gats was arosed, then and again
He was, with no sin as if you wanna see us
It's mandatory, no motherfuckin glamour story
Strictly owned, got the fame and glory
My name'll hold me down, I witness how it's goin down
I see my will is bread and rosy like a weed growin out

[Hook] - repeat 2X

[Fiend]
Got me confused with a loser, Fiend mental ball cruiser user
These tactics, that'll do more than bend you over backwards
Fiend slaughtered a men, that serves less than a quarter
All of us are just in line so we can sail at the border
Hot water couldn't remove, the blood out the grooves in my shoes
That's because then that nigga died on last night news
That trigger played with no shell, no clues
And the job was more handed to you - that's where the real money
Fiend survivors real hungry
Like lines stretchin them similar, to the cord on the bungee
My Lord told me, "You gon' take, everything but my soul from me
Along with somethin out the four-oh from me"
Spit it, I live it, my heart got calm, go take a visit
And see that I'm repetitious that kinda survives so I did it
It's all in this speaking, playa is you eatin?
If it's 'bout helpin you, bought a piece
And his balls are the reason for the..

[Hook] - repeat 4X

[McAfee]
Rock bottom.. rock bottom, rock bottom..
(Rock bottom, rock bottom.. rock bottom, rock bottom)

[David Banner]
This how we do it.. from the rock bottom, you dig?
Mississippi David Banner, bringin it home, where it belong.. {*fades out*}