ATM:
Welcome to the life of a nigga on his last
My future seem haunted by the events of my past
This stoner shit ain't a gimmick...this the life that im living
Roll my problems up... with this pink champagne that im twisting
Blowing back... waiting for this rapping shit to pick up
Sometimes it seems like my niggas... is ready to fucking give up
Kallay gotta feed his kids... BLK wanna show his momma
Kenwood a single father who need to provide for his daughter
And me HMMM lets see.. I got people to prove wrong
A mother to move home, and family damage to undo um
My life is in the ruins... thats why i work so hard at this music
Scheme while puffin this og ... my nigga lay .. got the blue dream
My girl want me to go to school but i tell her im chasing my dream
Street botanist ... weed poetry .. say Alrite! and you know its me
On stage is where im spose to be.. then them hoes gon notice
Still high as fuck from yesterday potpourrri

Chorus:
EveryDay I get higher than the day b4...
I dont know how much stress i can take anymore
I want all my problems to just go away
I leave them in yesterday


ATM:
I turn my stress into smoke... my problems into ashes
Can't wait until this passion turn my taurus to an ashton
Niggas say i ain't gon make it .. say i ain't gon be shit
But its cool for them to hate ... cuz they girl all on my dick
Wifey say she want some kids... but i ain't ready for that yet
How can i provide yall? .. when i struggle with my self
All i buy is weed , gas, and sneaks
HAVE TO DEAL WITH THESE PRODUCERS OVER TAXING ME FOR BEATS
Ask my niggas at classick ... studio time ain't cheap....
Put my heart and my wallet in this.... and give it to yall for free
Never did i take a day off... so i know this shit gon pay off
Tryna be with a bitch laid up .. while niggas is getting laid off
How could you nazi(not see) .. i kill shit .. like adolf
In the dark doing drugs by myself...like ray charlessss
Sprinkle it with some keef.. not a indian but i chief
Yesterdays sativa is where im tryna reach

Chorus


Fiend:
I just rolled up a mean one
Not in the shower but here the steam come
Lost smelling like a whole pound look what fiend done
Break it down, roll it up, like a re-run
Use the ashtray homie i just got them seats done
Floating on clouds serving to the streets
Need to hit the beach with a freak
Booty soft as a peach
But reality be, you hustle 3x it hard to get half of ya check
Nice with them sports or your flight on dat set
Im known to beat the block and ha drum to death
Keep the green stocked, smoke sum for the stress
Pack a paper and a lighter
Skittles, now a latas, all niters
Can't forget the bad times with alzheimer's
Prices gon up on errthang
My cousin shipped from jail 2 jail tryna settle in
Iron gang shit
The trees do some lion tame shit
(and that og got ya mind like this)

Chorus