[Intro: H.E.R.]
Please, allow me to show you something
Mmm, somebody give me, yeah

[Verse 1: H.E.R.]
Somebody give me, uh
Somebody tell me the answers
Me and you isn't the answer (Uh)
Me and you isn't (No)
Maybe I'm tellin' myself that
But there ain't nothin' that'll change that
What good would it be, if I knew how you felt about me? (Yeah)

[Bridge: H.E.R.]
It could've been right but I was wrong (Uh)
Only think 'bout you when I'm alone (Yeah)
Part of me that cared inside it's gone
And I know, that I can't, get caught up

[Chorus: H.E.R.]
We could've been
And we try to pretend
Every now and again
We don't dream about, don't think about what
We could've been
Though I'm holding it in
'Cause I know in the end
You dream about, I think about what
We could've been
We could've been (Yeah)
We could've (Damn, yeah)

[Verse 2: BJ the Chicago Kid]
Remember?
Uh, that night in New Orleans, girl
We were so sweaty, but we looked so oily, girl
It was so good, you know you can't ignore me, girl
I know you remember
Remember, you told me to promise to never leave you lonely
And I agree (Oh), but agreements get broken, I guess (I guess)
Well, feelings get broken, I guess (I guess)
Well, hearts get broke, yes, I pressed
And I succeeded (Yeah, yeah)
'Cause I wanted you and you wanted me, but (Huh)
I be lying if I said I never thought that we could be

[Chorus: H.E.R. & BJ the Chicago Kid]
We could've been (We)
And we try to pretend (We both try)
Every now and again (And again)
We don't dream about, don't think about what (Yeah, yeah)
We could've been (Oh, yeah, we both tried)
Though I'm holding it in
'Cause I know in the end (Know in the end)
You dream about, I think about what (Baby, baby, I'm sorry)
We could've been (Hell yeah, I think about what...)
We could've been (That nineties kinda love)
We could've (Kinda like the new thing with the old thing)
We could've been (But we was on swang)
What we could've been, we could've been (We could've been, I still lye in hear, I never thought we could be)

[Interlude: BJ the Chicago Kid]
Oh, I gotta be honest, baby I miss you
I'm sorry, I know it's crazy
Are you there?

[Verse 3: H.E.R. & BJ the Chicago Kid, both]
We both thought it was cool to cross the line (I know)
And I was convinced it would be alright (Me too)
All things are strange (Oh), nothing's the same (Oh)
And baby, I just want my friend back
Yeah, yeah, woah, woah
Can't get you out of my system
Oh (Oh)
Yeah (Yeah)
We could've been, we could've been
We could've been (There's something special)
What we could've been (We could've been)
We could've been (Hey, we could've been, hey)
Yeah, yeah we could've been (We could've been)
Damn, damn (We could, we could've been, could've been baby)
We could've been
Damn