[Intro]
Brady, where are you?
Brady, where are you?
It's grand-ma, where's Amy
Alright, she's probably with her momma right?

[Hook: BJ the Chicago Kid]
They ain't have women like you when my momma was young
They ain't have niggas like me when my daddy was young
See it's a crazy generation, a sticky situation
We don't want love, everybody want relations
They ain't have women like you when my momma was young
They ain't have nigga's like me when my daddy was young
See it's a crazy generation

[Verse 1:]
She do it for the Vine, but damn man I be loving it
She from a share culture, where the share holders, make profit off, then budget with
We smiling so branded get violent, then gram it
Is she fucking, thats the only thing that matters my nigga
Heard she trying to get back with a nigga, but wait
She all in my phone, won't leave me alone
Just a dog with a bone, see the kitty I chase
Twerk to the bass, twerk to the bass
A party ain't a party, till a little bit of coke’s in your face
At least that’s what they say
But all I need is weed and booze, a fly chick that don’t live by rules
And right now I believe that’s you, so what’s the word; I’m tryna leave with you
Heard they called you Thottie, you ain’t nothing like your mami
And you done smashed the homie and the homie said you got me, wassup
I promise I respect you, my daddy taught me better
See our generation messed up
We just the play the cards that we dealt, and if love is real like lust is real
It won’t be hard to get felt

[Hook]

[Verse 2:]
He keep saying she a Thot, (she a thot, she a thot) but he ain’t met her father
And what makes it even worse, even worse, even worse that she ain’t met her father
And I ain’t trying to get to know her
Cause I focus only on the fly shit that I be quoting
My cardigan was so huxtable, this High Grade made her comfortable. Then she popped a perc, and set the mood
Got this hennesey there’s plenty weed, and you know it and you knew it, now we so fucked up that we stupid
Hallelujah, this is sinful, its so simple, she seduces with her two lips on this new stick. Just a new chick on my do-list but he foolish, not to think that she doing the same, but who could you blame?
We all came from that broken home
She still a queen, and Im a king, just a faded rose with a rolling stone. God damn. And we fucked up, so its fuck it
Just a generation disrupted, (Tryna break out the box we was stuffed in!)
And we lust it , we rebellious, rambunctious, fly niggas with gumption, she lady like and she thug it, and we love it, God damn. (One Hand in the Air)

[Hook]