[Intro]
Ohh yeah
Ohh yeah
Spotlight, that's just my life and time

[Verse 1: Anderson .Paak]
Okay, I got me a sweet bitch
So I'm headed to N.Y. just to be up in it
Off of Rivington, we fuckin' up some Sweet Chick
She go vegan on the weekends
Hell naw, you shouldn't be eatin' dick
I got me a freak bitch
And she nasty, she wild, she a free spirit
After me, she gon' let the whole team hit it
Goddamn, why can't you be more discreet wit' it?
I'm at peace wit' it
Come on, peace, kid
(Spotlight, that's just my life and time)
Yeah, it ain't much, look
Okay, I got me a cheap broad
Should be tippin' but she'll put them dollars in her bra
She be cussin' out the managers at restaurants
Every time we go to dinner, shit is free of charge
I got me a centerfold, kinda sorta
But she poppin' on the Insta though
She gon' have a million followers by the winter time
After that she'll be somebody that I used to know
(Spotlight, that's just my life and time)
I had to let her go, you know?
Had a Xan ho
She be mumblin' and hard to understand though
She in love with all the trappers from Atlanta
Introduced her to T.I. and that was the last time I had her
Got a skater bitch
She a gamer, gotta take her to arcades and shit
She be watchin' Anime while I'm layin' dick
Wanna go to Comic Con, I'm like "Come down a bit"
(Spotlight, that's just my life and time)
On my gangsta shit, uh
Speakin' of which, got a gangsta boo
Man, her mama and her grandmama gangsta too
With the drama, keep the llama in the daisy dukes
Shit, if I try to take her to the party, she gon' shoot up the room
(Fuck outta here, nigga, run ya shit)
Ooh, got a lazy bitch
Oh, I'ma do it tomorrow, tomorrow came and went
Ain't no fuckin' at the crib, it's probably dirty as shit
How you runnin' outta breath when you ridin' the dick?
Ho, oh nah, nah, nah
You gotta get the fuck up off me right now
Oh, baby, I been thinkin' 'bout
What I gotta do all day and I'm fuckin' tired, Wilma tired
(Spotlight, that's just my life and time)
Damn, okay, I got it
Got a cougar bitch
We be fuckin' in the back of Subarus and shit
I would love to spend the night, there's always food in the fridge
She be knowin' what she like and what to do wit' it
Uh, throwin' me around, wasn't used to it (Wasn't used to it)
Gotta tell my bigger homie how abusive she is
Nigga, no one would believe me, they like "You just a bitch"
Had to buy surveillance cameras to get proof of it
Damn
(Spotlight, that's just my life and time)
I'm suin' you, bitch

[Verse 2: BJ The Chicago Kid]
But I got a fat ass one from Chicago (From Chicago)
She said she lowkey but everybody know (Everybody know)
Bitch is from heaven, mattress on the floor (Whoa)
Invite her to the crib, show her how I live
But she bought some roaches, no
Next stop, Ohio (Ohio)
Her mom's shoppin' these parts from Mexico (Mexico)
She demand the D before and after show (After show)
These are the ups and downs when we're in the
(Spotlight, that's just my life and time)
Ooh, yeah, baby, baby, yeah
Yeah, baby
Ah, ohh
Darlin', darlin', darlin', darlin'

[Break: Anderson .Paak]
Okay, ha, shit
Yes, Lord
Okay
(Spotlight, that's just my life and time)
I got it, uh

[Outro: Anderson .Paak]
Got a yogi bitch
And she natural, she hate to wear deodorant
And she bashful if she come up out those clothes she in
You got a what, my nigga? You got-you got a what?
Oh, your bitch is flexible?
No, no, no, no, no, no
You like yogi bitches now? Fuck that!
How'd you get in here? Chill
Let's see if your bitch could dodge these bullets, nigga
My nigga, you know what?
No, no
Get the fuck, wait, you fuckin' wit' a bitch
Don't talk
That don't shave her under arms?
You know what? You gon' run that under arm hair bitch
Bitches in the hood need that for edges
Put the gun down, yo
What else you got in your bag, bitch? Come up off that
Shut the fuck up, nigga
Oh
You know what, come up off your cha-you know what? I fuckin' loved you, nigga
Okay, okay
Your bitch is makin' me-you know what, bitch?
She 'bout to die first, fuck that
Don't move