[Malcolm X sample]
Concerning the difference between the Black revolution and the Negro revolution

[Verse 1]
Well, I’m Black - the dominant shade, I'm an upgrade
A hip-hop musician, so listen as I get paid
Cee Just rips the cut with the dope stuff
Can the 45 King "Sample a Dope Noise"?
Sho’ ‘nuff!
I know the ledge, over the edge I won’t fall
This rhyme was designed for The Final Call
We got to struggle and fight against apartheid
Who are these people telling us where to live and die?
I’m sorry to say, but one day we are gonna die
I don’t know about you, but I’m here, and I’m gonna try
To make the Black man understand that we can
Get the Qur’an back in our hands in the Motherland
You say it’s gonna be hard, but I’m god, I got the proof and truth
And now it’s time to get loose
Spread my Wisdom, educate the people
Forget these Divine Evils
Just leave them- the hell alone
Pick up your telephone
Dial some positive brothers so they can join in
And come along
Peace unleashed upon Minister Farrakhan
For preachin’ and teachin’ the truth
To the deaf-and-blind
With negative brothers, you know Shabazz don’t bother
Most brothers strive, but I strive harder
These are Actual Facts, the dominant Black, I’m right and exact
I came to tell you my brother
Black is back

Black is back!
Concerning the difference between the Black revolution and the Negro revolution

[Verse 2]
See, I’m real, rougher
I had enough a’
You poppin’ off at the mouth, so Midas-ize that muffler
The hype, I don’t believe the white
I do conceive, imagine
While you’re gaggin’, smoking’ weed
Black man from Asia, I will amaze the
Crowd, kick it loud boy, this is not a déjà vu
Who in the world is gonna stop me?
You, you souped-up sucker? You slip and you’re sloppy
Rhymes are retarded, separated, departed
From real to unreal - don’t get me started
‘Cause once I start unleashing my talents
People take a vote - so place your ballots
Nine times out of ten the god will win
Hear some boos - I lose to you, tell me how you’re livin’?
You must be livin’ like a snake in the grass
My name is La, I’m descended from the Tribe of Shabazz
I am original, critical, you wanna hear a lyrical
Menace, when it’s battle, go against me? I pity the fool
‘Cause fools are those who oppose the right way
The rules are chose, don’t go, nobody knows, I might stay
Here to endear, persevere with my skill
I'll drill with science of self inside your head
And then I’ll build a strong foundation
Now tell me if I lack
I came to tell you, my brother -
Black is back!

Black is back!
Concerning the difference between the Black revolution and the Negro revolution