[Verse 1]
Just name the time, the place, a date, I'll be there
Ready to square off, never late, on time, never tardy
My name is not Harvey yo, you can't scar me
Because [?] one intelligent brother mentally well as physically
Go against me? You must be living miserably
You wanna battle? You better disperse and fade
'Cause when I'm finished, you're gonna need first aid
You see I'm chic, unique, the first class man
Police - a beast, I hate harassment
The mic is sizzling, the rhymes are drizzling
And this is what I do girl to get you in the mood
A conscious state of mind, the last phrase I used was just divine
I'm infinite, different, can you deal with it?
I'm a general and you're just a lieutenant
My lyrics are monsters by the size of a mountain
And yours sound like they come from a fountain
Of youth, little phrases are nothin' but utter trash
Illiterate garbage is gonna get clobbered and smashed
By me - the one who will guide you on a path that was written and given by Elijah
So take heed, observe and keep listening
To the knowledge I spread 'cause I'm first in existence

[Verse 2]
See I'm first in existence, in existence I'm first
They challenge the expert, they get their feelings hurt
As the rhyme flow it gets raw and deffer
I'm the real thing, you're just a replica
I'm [?] Clarence 13X Smith [?]
A lotta brothers out there, they're tryin' to get with
You think you ready to try and step to this?
Nine times out of ten I leave them breathless
I got flavor, save your bull, I attract those who lack with my magnetic pull
I'm fresh and I spoil rhymes won't bounce a coil
When I'm hot I unfold, and scold and boil
Rhymes - I pound them then I astound them
Ignorant savages - I exile 'em
Black on the outside, white on the inside
Bro what's up with that? You're just an Oreo!
That ain't a way to be, but some are like that
And if they come my way I just might smack
These wise words of wisdom and they [?] purify your [?]
'Cause I mastered this, I'm product of Yakub
Your name is Nimrod, you better acknowledge the God, I'm out to get mine
Take heed, observe and keep listening
To the knowledge I spread 'cause I'm first in existence