(You know what time it is when you hear this right)
Check, big up Danny Weed on this one
(Ay!)
Okay
(Let's get 'em Dev')

[Verse 1]
Yeah, [?] past the white shark
I'll bite you in half then snap on a lifeguarder's right arm
I'm a psycho, I smile and apply charm
I already feel like striking [?]
If you never again appeared, I don't think many would care but on my life, I'm on my bars
Not prison lyrics written, touch wood, I don't wanna jinx shit when I'm spitting and I'm trying hard
[?] firm, no fella on your firm gonna better me or burn
Everybody in the booth, anybody wanna turn?
I bet that you would
Donny I don't endorse men from the hood
Half as good, I just laugh at [?] when I blast the [?]
The road looks clear on the path I took
Now let me step it up a gear when I start then look
If you ain't been familiarised
My name's Devs and I've been on my grind a long time
In the fog when I'm Phileas lie
I don't die like spirit inside
'Cause every lyric I write has got infinity life
I don't give a shit about the critical eyes
It's take what I want now, criminal mind
Bait face, I'ma take anything in my sight
There's something in the riddim and it's giving me life
The ressurection of Christ, not quite
Freeze me 'til my race turns out bright
Guess that that officially means that I could sleep for a million weeks and then rise
When I see F.I.T, I'm that guy
They're going on B.A.D then get shy
Who is it? D.E.V, the mad guy
Kitty man, love titty and fat thighs
I can smile again, this world is mine again
No time to play, the time is great
I waited for brighter days to light the game
And now they can't fight the flame
I hear a lot of wannabe Yanks, I'm U.K
Trap 'em in a Bando 'til he lose weight
Forcing the smoke what they sell every day
To people's children been led astray
We pray up on the weak in this world
For the need to excel
So bun being weak, I'm a beast, you can tell
I'm telling men that wanna finger a girl, do a queef then smell
When I read to myself, on the region I dwell
Dream to myself, [?]
Never let a man lead you and tell
Great lies to achieve what he needs for himself
The future's in the grip of your palm and you wouldn't wanna rip it apart
Only mad men live in the past
It's 2008, ain't that I'm scared to ask
I maintain this charade for a state of calm
Dedicate time to creative art
Like Kurt Cobain when he played guitar
[?] bath and just drift
My thoughts are [?]
But [?] inhabited, I float like magic
Between this heavenly dream and this challenge
And as long as I'm visible, them man can't savage
Sabotage or blast and attack it
Out of your reach, Armstrong couldn't grab it
Third eye's open like doors on a carriage
When the highway man wants your's, let 'em have it

(Ayy, ho ho ho ho, Devlin's back in the building)
Fire In The Booth Part 2
(Jeez, ho ho, wow, wow, you are an absolute savage)
You've gotta stop smoking
(Haha, man like Devlin, I feel-I feel like I should stop you there and be like 'Na, no more man, that's enough, pack it in now')
Haha, there's more, there's more, there's more
('Pack it in', problem, I've missed you you know Dev, I've missed you mate)
Blessings man, much love brother, thank you for having me
Check, check, check, 1, 2
(Let's get 'em again Dev)
Big up Chuki Beats on the net man, big beats
Listen

[Verse 2]
Yeah, it's the [?] we screw up
I think it's time I grew up
'Cause now I look so old that I could pass for eighty-two up
And I ain't even thirty yet
Oh what a dirty sket
Life turned out to be, hope don't desert me yet
Why don't you come for me until my maker comes for me
'Cause being the one to beat is taxing me
HMRC, they're all hunting me
I'm sitting here uncomfortably
Sipping on my cup of tea
Thinking 'Who? Fucking me?'
The cheek of it, I don't even know these cats
Roll up on your cul-de-sac
Smack you with a golden plaque
I'll turn the show to ash 'til I can see that Charlie's sweating
It's like I'm cooking crack on camera in some grimy setting
Yeah you know it's that guy that makes almighty efforts
I'll serve a pint inside a shot glass, defying measures
Play me back like podcasts and fine treasures
Holy Grime was just some bread for all you plying beggars
I highly reckon that tiny seconds
Are worth the wait in gold and once they've gone, you won't get 'em just like the Phoenix feathers
Count your blessings before they count you out
Like a boxer that got dropped just like a fart inside your mouth
You asslickers half-spitters
Thinking that you hard-hitters
Biggest ear period, that's why they're wearing large knickers
Love to Uncle, love to Char and love to Vic
Love to Young Spray, EGA, we made it through this shit
Like Andy Dufresne crawling through these sewer pipes
Tryna find the bluer sky
Devlin, it's do or die
But I'm so lazy I might choose death
Only joking, who's next?
I can see the future in my sight
The booth is now alight
It's like I can't believe that legally
Charlie Sloth invited me to try ignite the BBC
There ain't no fighting me, no blighting me, no beating me
I think these guys fancy me, that's why they always speak of me
I said it's Fire In The Booth Part
2, I thought I'd nice you with a new spark
Got everybody like 'That white man is too dark'
You bloody right and this year's a new start
I said-I said it's Fire In The Booth Part
2, I thought I'd nice you with a new spark
Got everybody like 'That pale face is too dark'
You fucking right and this year's a new start

(Ayy, I wanted to pull that up about twenty times there but you know what, every time I pull it up, people get mad at me you know. It's like people have been reading that newspaper like [?], it's mad. Bro, you...)
Much love brother, much love
(You know what, like for me-like for me honestly as a fan, to have you come in and raise the bar again in the booth)
Much respect bruv, safe
(Like, last year was a strong year, last year was a real strong year, there were so many Fire In The Booths that were just potent last year. And do you know I'm always sitting there like 'Oof, is anyone even gonna raise the bar again? I mean the bar's up there! You've gotta be tall to jump up and catch it)
Said that's a-that's a compliment man, thank you very much
(Bruv, bruv, we ain't even finished yet)
We're gonna go again
(Oh)
Check, big up PEZ O.T.B on this one
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Devlin, Charlie Sloth
(Let's get 'em, shut it down Devlin, shut it down bro)
Listen
(More history in the making, let's get 'em)

[Verse 3]
It's your best MC's worst nightmare
The devilish white breh that don't quite care and I'm right here
Yo Slothy, when I bring the horror like Shotty, they're insignificant, it's quite clear
Nobody can make me look sloppy
This shit is my whole damn life, not a hobby
I was in the bits tryna grind for a bobby
Now I'm on the mic, everyone is getting bodied
Askers ask me if I still feel relevant
Relevant? What's relevant? Shotting heroin?
Murder? Lies? Cash or rob anything?
Kids don't be silly with your life, be intelligent
And acquire what you need and more
Television is a weapon and they're winning the war
It's all TOWIE and Geordie Shore
It's not cool to be thick, nor to be a Northern whore


(Slice of history for you, ay)
Big up everyone that's supported all the singles, Devil In, we're rolling

Much love everybody, hold tight my Daggers every time

[Verse 3]
It's your best MC's worst nightmare
The devilish white breh that don't quite care and I'm right here
Yo Slothy, when I bring the horror like Shotty, they're insignificant, it's quite clear
Nobody can make me look sloppy
This shit is my whole damn life, not a hobby
I was in the bits tryna grind for a bobby
Now I'm on the mic, everyone is getting bodied
Askers ask me if I still feel relevant
Relevant? What's relevant? Shotting heroin?
Murder? Lies? Cash or rob anything?
Kids don't be silly with your life, be intelligent
And acquire what you need and more
Television is a weapon and they're winning the war
It's all TOWIE and Geordie Shore
It's not cool to be thick, nor to be a Northern whore
[?] couldn't give a shit anymore
You won't even wanna spit on the floor
When I'm finished here, bringing the raw
Shop round, there ain't no bigger in store
I've been around from the AM, check my MO
Building blocks like Ed Sheeran with Lego
[?] in the field, no life in the meadows
Night time running with the grimiest fellows
I hear echoes
I feel as though I lived twenty lives already, I ain't sure
Goes so quick, I was told don't blink so I didn't for a minute and my eyes got sore
Bellies of yellow, I feel like men all chat wet like Marti Pellow and what for?
That's why I'm on a level when the sun won't settle on my soul when I slip and I slide from the tour
Problem child with a red bow tie, giving them what for
The pit with locked jaw, I clamp when I bite
Giving them lots more then gassed when I write
Lyrically top-drawer, dismantling mics
Sound mechanic, them man just sound mechanic
I'll bring a wave that will drown the planet
Wanna play with the flame, then grab it
Get burnt in a state of panic
I was made erratic
[?]
Charlie stay in the booth for too long and you'll be grey like me
It's the radiation of a nuclear style
You'll see the file
Anything I wanna when I choose to [?]
Casting a spell, it's the voodoo child
[?] I'm in a witch hunt, no trial