(We gotta get 'em)
(We gotta get 'em)
(We gotta get 'em)
(We gotta get 'em)

[Verse 1 : Syer B]
One of the illest to ever do it, son said I blew it
But I faced the fire and came through it
Cyanide fluid, spittin' the raw sewage, slewin'
Don't even know why I do it
Leavin' 'em in the past, like the boy with the bars who played truant
Try blocking my path I break through it
Laughin' when I surpass him, half-hearted rascal wannabe us
Niggas, I might come through, ? arse or a tit when I bar
You can't chat shit when I bar
Told you that I'm an arsenic when I come through
Got the microphone lit when I bar
Retarded, so sick when I spit
Dumb ? wanna shit
Throw towels in, like they went rounds with the king
You're too loud when you sing
I come down on it quick, cold hooks
You will fly ? when I bar
Try spar but can only sit and look from afar
They say that the path Mark took was a par
I laugh when I sit back and look where you are
Half of them don't live the life that they spit
Don't throw stones, ??? livin' in ?
Come through ??? bombard when I'm barrin'

[Verse 2: Devlin]
It ain't a thing at all, Jimmy I'm the pinnacle of wordsmiths
When I word this where the word is
Just might wanna swerve this
I will never say no names but I might give cash to my youngest to burn him
I don't fuck with these kids like stars that'll turn out perverts
That's why I've been away for a minute
If I stay 'round here and I stack then it's murders
Curtains for everyone certain
The bad boy's on the mic but in real person
They're all firemen ?
Get in the booth and tell lies like ?
This ain't about lyrics anymore
It's all about making bullshit go furthest
So in that case I'm a spy for the F.B.I that works in Travis Perkins
I spit lyrics and I laugh when It's hurtin' tryna put aside these urges
When I'm singing these dirges, like my own verses
Goes out to my street urchins
They heard Jim Reaper was lurkin', and I can make electrics fall?
50 gram on a trip your circuits, and corned beef city won't fall
As long as I'm around like a bullet and I rep to the fullest
When I spray you with force

[Syer b and Devlin]
[S:] I will set em on fire like I got a ? for the meth, spray 'em up like a blowtorch
[D:] said as long as I'm around I be bodying the sound like scatterin' the beach with a corpse
[S:] as long as I'm around I be swingin' 'em around, I be sending them clowns to the morgue
I fuck up more bars than they've written
Might come through take a shit in their kitchen
You can hold all the cutlery you want
Knives ain't gonna cut shit on a rhythm
All that talk about cuttin' and killin'
Not a shit given when I sit and I listen
It's like I already know what you've written
So I've already made my decision
Come through old school like ?
Told you that I'm colder than frost-bitten
Already set off from the land of the villains
Original soldiers came with a vision
The way I ride on a rhythm, that I've written is so in precision
I'm tellin' 'em again so listen
Music 'n the system, they all went soft, my flows stiffer ?
? get injured

[Devlin]
I see next man, tryin' to expand
That's hard when I'm present
Fuck someone's pheasants, blood dotted feathers
So long as there's rocks in the desert
I'm a slum dog legend, every gutter in the UK hears my tunes play
And some won't get 'em, until it's way too late or at all
But it's cool, no way that I'm threatened
So I'm bettin', that when I come through they're sweatin
Like Lee Evans, taking it back, right back to the essence
Ride with me but I'll ? these lessons
You can never try and out-bar me
If you're gonna bring war bring an army
And make sure that your sure when you harm me
Cos if not it's desperate measures

[Outro]
You tell 'em
You tell 'em I'm coming
Tell 'em I'm fucking coming