[Skit: Made In Britain - Trevor and Peter]
It's such a bloody waste
I'm a success mate I'm a fucking star...

[Intro: "interviewer" (Skinnyman)]
"So Skinnyman, now that you've signed a deal with talkin loud and your currently
Recording your album, how's this altered your lifestyle...?"
(Let me play this one, tell you exactly how it is in Finsbury
Cause in my life, ain't nuttin nice...check ya blud...)

[Skinnyman]
Nowadays I live my life on a day to day basis
Cuz everybody in the whole fam's got cases
Roamin the streets that are full of the screw faces
Resortin us back to the blocks that are on the stair cases
We hope we don't get to face the bases
Who wanna try and raise us to take the papers, laterz
To what my whole council estate is
Dwellin on the city on top of these sky scrapers
Me? I keep a watch over the whole of my acres
To those who wanna take us from 5'0's to fakers
Cuz all were tryin'a be is money makers
So we might have had a chance to escape from some of these derelict places
We're livin life at fast paces
It's like were gutter rats tryin'a contend these rap races
So best to tighten up your laces
Cuz this year I'm steppin up a gear too fast for you to chase us
You think I'd wanna stick around this town
And have to wait for a crackhead to beat my mum down
To get a phone call sayin just bring your money now
By any little fassy with a bucky runnin round
I don't love the sound of what those haters wanna do to me
Thats why I'm not givin them any opportunity
For me its not about all of the money and the jewellrey
Survival of the fittest is life so now its you or me
And I don't wanna move away from the flats
But thats they only way for me to get away from these cats
I sit and wonder why the fuck it has to be like that
And wonder it would have been like if we blew up in rap
But that's a dream and me I put reality first
And yeah its real that these theives wanna steal your mums purse
Does it seem, the whole of this manor is cursed
Like the bubble is boilin and just waitin to burst
This generations gettin worse - these youth man are comin up
Nuttins out there for 'em so they just don't give a fuck
And they ain't got nuttin to lose so them
They're out on streets late nights confused again
You put your feet in their shoes for them
And you see what you can do for them
And you too might screw for them
And this ain't really nuttin new for them
A man like you will probably label them a hooligan
To live good or bad, but me I'm mud cause the hood is bad
Dressin in rags on the ags you know my hood is mad
With worry bout gettin beat up or stabbed
Now we worry bout the man thats come to shoot up the ave'
The dreams we used to have are gone
For those hopes are basic needs we're in the bottom of the barrel tryin'a fight for life's necessities
This older man takin time to give advice to me
Tryina show me just how nice my life could be
I'd like to share the vision
But all I see is man on a mission
My streets are full of friction
And you can check my diction
It gets deep everywhere that you go
Cuz theres snakes everywhere in every ghetto you go
Wo wo...

[Outro: "interviewer"]
"So there we have it, a live interview from Skinnyman
Outside subterania-the infamous home of hip hop-this is Mudfam and Kat signing out..."

[Skit: Made In Britain - Trevor and Barry]
That’s being honest innit. You don't really want me to be honest do ya?
Yes I do
Right, honestly speaking, I don't think I can honestly keep the peace while I'm incarcerated in this shithouse or any other shithouse, contract or no contract, so there's no point in saying I will is there! How's that for honesty? See you can't take it can ya. It's the same when I was at school. I said when I was bored, when I didn't want to do a lesson, when I wanted to have a fag, when I wanted to tell the teacher to fuck off for being a wanker, or kick him in the teeth. But they couldn't take it. They didn't want me to be honest in that way. That's why you don't have lessons in honesty, 9.00-10.30 honesty. They don't want the kids to say what they're really thinking and feeling inside their heads. If they had lessons like that, they'd lose control! Wouldn't be able to smack you round the head when they feel like it. You just want me to be honest when you take me down the nick. "Fair cop, guv." Or when I fill out a form. "Be honest, don't cheat, don't carry a knife." Bend over; let me search you, make notes about you, keep files on you. If I'm honest, I've got nothing to worry about have I? You're protecting me from the dishonest buggers, ain't ya? But I can't look at the files. What's read out by the magistrate, what those fuckers said about me at school, what's on the police computer it's a lot of bollocks! We're not talking about honesty, we’re talking about sticking to the rules! All those honest people out there are just sticking to the rules, but they lie and fucking cheat all the way! They just think they're being honest cuss they swallowed the bollocks they've been handed, they've been conned! Well, I've not been conned. That's why you can stick your hairy contract up your hairy arse! It’s a dishonest con!