Yeah. yall no what it is . its anudda 1 of dose . yes !Man its ya boy wiz khalifa man.lets do it . yo ! uhh
Im kinda hot now money gettin longer too
Pressure by the cops now .&niqqas haten on ya do 
See i ain't step on no toes to get here 
This hard work . young'n gotta flow. the shit's clear
But i see jealousy in they face when they eye me
Love the lames want'n to trouble W-I-Z
Doesnt surprise me that some would dispise me
So i dip through stick move like ali 
I chose wisely . some say im an old soul 
A broke load of a young niqqa who flows gold
&life to live it them punches but still the oor road
&skys the limit .dig it . i brung the whole globe
But still i made it back . the new face of rap
E figured out tha flow was coke
Then we made it crack. not to hard to hard to pay attention & listen
This for all my people. ghetto niqqas , women, &children

-chorus: now pay attention what i kick in ya year. youu might learn sumthn . brun sumthn. im from where you worth nuffn . unil you get out there &earn sumthn . and we allergic to that term frontin'. so if you get it legit look on the curb pumpin' . burn somethin. we all strugglin'. in some way we all hustlen' to take nothin' & make somethin . ya know .-
If its one thing i know well is how to get my grind on 
24/7 erfectin' to keep the rhymes strong
Stackin' my paper. waitin' to get my shine on 
Hustlin' all day . wonderin' where the time gone
Im too quick on my feet. i ain't gettin' to sleep
Rules to be made
Lose'n weight . im forgettin to eat 
&some say im livin' too fast slow down 
Tryna get my family plate big enouph to go 'round
So i go hard . told y'all its goinq down 

A rap niqqa big enough to hold the town
They wanna hold you down but gettin' them figures knew it was comin' though 
I can see the picture. you niggas can steal the youg'n flow
Hater match the chips gettin' bigger comes with the territory
Im just glad im able to tell my story
To get to the top i learned from those there before me 
&when im on ima share my glory 
-chorus-
Look into my eyes & tell me what you see
A prospect with his mind set on what to be
Alot of chronic smoke . yunq broad come puff wit me
A attitude like y'all dudes can't fuck wit me
Still i stay humble 
Focussed on my hustle
Later forgettin it but everything got doubled
& my team got bubbled
Anybody that seen our struggle got respect 'nah mean' for the youngen' cards
Its more than just music. this more than death's music
Its hood then lets do it
The birds best
Yes here in the flesh
Smart to do it. talkin ess. then lets prove it
Thats why my shit go hard. yours got less movement
Im on top of things. you busy droppin names
On file. no physics can stop the flame
Think of the lives. we can drop some change
Lets do it .........