[Verse 1 Chevy Woods]

I heard you got champagne wishes
You ain’t worried, but your ex-man
Good, cause I keep it on the night stand
Hood, ask niggers from around the way
Though my jewels on turn it to a brighter day!
Yeah, top off on the sunset
Take your girl from you nigga, would you want that!
Straight player shit, I be on my G
See my partner that’s what she wanna be
I’m getting money, and I sold my cousin v
Gotta bet bitch rolling up a tree
Her eyes green and she wanna go with me
So I kick a little game, hit her with some Palm tree
A couple lines for the night time situation
I got ‘em touch, girl so I feel ‘em hating!
And now I really kill long as you know
Baby we go'n climb up the Pluto, you know!

[Hook]
Tell me when's the last time
You see some niggers do it like we do
We do, we do, do, do!
I know you heard is a good gal, gal
You can call your friends n' bring ‘em through!

[Verse 2 Chevy Woods]

And they know I’m dressed, so tailor
Hello neighbors, I’m chilling on a table, rolling flavors
Everything clean, so you know it’s papers
Hello haters! Do me a favor
Watch how I keep it cool with you bitch
I here gettin it on the road to getting rich!
No vows on the O's that I used to pitch
I used to corner store huggy n a bag of chips
Now my nigga is selling out and I’m right here
I swear every night I wanna shed a tear
But I just pour another cup and roll another one
Know from the bottom, that’s where we came from
To everybody that helped me down, you’re looking now
Welcome to the mother fuckin Cookout
Get your place ready, we eating good
We still living, and we in the hood!

[Hook]

[Bridge Wiz Khalifa]

Excuse, excuse me, trying to hear that player over there?
Oh yeah, don’t worry, you can smoke in here!
Chill, I’mma rap a little bit!
But it’s all about my nigga Chevy Woods
Make some noise for Chevy Woods!
Yeah, that’s what counts, my nigga is Chevy Woods!
This the motherfuckin Cookout
You feel me!

[Verse 3 Wiz Khalifa]

Same young nigga, just a space from the one to the zero
Grow a little bigger
And my flights board little quicker
Bitch say she can’t believe she seen a face of a real nigga
Oh, go get her dough spender, no swishers
Roll joints like the fingers on a gorilla
Sucker niggers I hate, the bag gonna fill up
Claim they do it like us, but ain’t no nigga!
And I’d like to thank every last of yall
Who stayed Taylor to this thing
Cause next stop is Chevy Woods!
Chevy

[Hook]