[Hook: Dorrough]
I’m on that (La La La)
Counting my money singing (La La La)
Laughing at them haters like (Ha Ha Ha)
We do it every day like
We do it every day like
We do it every day like (La La La La La)
Break it down, roll it up, lighters up, light it up
Break it down, roll it up, lighters up, light it up
Break it down (break it down)
Roll it up (roll it up)
Lighters up (lighters up)
Now light it up (light it)

[Verse 1: Dorrough]
I be on that Cali Kush
I don’t smoke that Reggie Bush
Even though I rush straight out through these willows like I’m Reggie Bush!
Cloud 9, always taking flights, I steady book
I’m head baked, left a million trying to get some Kush
I go around the world me and my local homies
I turn up like I got remote controllers on me! (Turn up!)
Got cheese and bread, all I need is pepperoni
All my bitches bad, don’t need no testimony!
Ace of spades, I’m a renegade!
I don’t call the foe, I fill my lemonade
Hawaiian, punch the Sprite up even men it made
Pour it up and drink it like it’s Gatorade

I stay high
This OG Kush got me believing I can fly
All around the world, they blow on La La La La La
Nigga, where we go, we on that
Every race I know be on that
Roll up and blow...

[Hook: Dorrough]

[Verse 2: Wiz Khalifa]
Break it down, roll a pound, blow it up!
I got a call from my dawg, said it’s going up!
Said if you got some KK, best believe I’m showing up!
And if the sign say no smoking, now I don’t give a fuck
This is what you call that one percent
Cause 99 of the other is fake!
Real cookies, not the ones that you bake
Smoking one and got one on the way
In my new larger estate, drives in the day like Bob Marley was wake
You understand me?

I’m always high
I’m never on the ground, I’m somewhere in the sky
Not R. Kelly but I believe that I can fly
And all my niggas screaming Taylor til we die
Blow away cause I’m on that

[Hook: Dorrough]

[Verse 3: Dorrough]
I’m on that Texas till you know what’s up (know what’s up)
That mean I got that drink up in my cup (up in my cup)
And everywhere we go we fire up (we fire up)
We stay wet and heated like a fucking fire trunk
Ha, I’m super-hot, chain full of watts
I bet I got more diamonds than your jeweler got!
You know we’re smoking loud and make you choke a lot
And every time we choke, we make you take a shot!

I stay high
This OG Kush got me believing I can fly (R. Kelly!)
All around the world, they blow on La La La La La
Nigga, where we go, we on that
Every race I know be on that
Roll up and blow I'm on that...

[Hook: Dorrough]
(La La La)
Counting my money singing (La La La)
Laughing at them haters like (Ha Ha Ha)
We do it every day like
We do it every day like
We do it every day like (La La La La La)