[Verse 1: Sahib]
Do you like the way I take you down or nah?
Do you like the way I break it down or nah?
The way we fuckin', we gonna shake the ground, oh god
Can you let that pussy make a sound or nah?
Girl I like the way you drop that thang for me
So catastrophic with the help of gravity
Your man takes you to the park and Bramalea
Girl let me take you to another galaxy
We fucked all night, she ducked me dry, and she swallowed too
You miss the times that we had, Girl I do too
Especially after all the pictures I just drew
Let's just fix the mistakes, auto-tune

[Bridge: Sahib]
You gonna get on top of me girl or nah?
Shake it like you won the lottery, girl or nah?
Babe say my name, I will do the same
Scream it so the neighbours hear, girl don't be ashamed

[Hook: Ty Dolla $ign]
Is you really 'bout your money or nah?
Can you really take dick or nah?
Can I bring another bitch or nah?
Is you with the shits or nah?
Oh nah, oh nah
Would you ride for a nigga or nah?
Would you die for a nigga or nah?
Would you lie to a nigga or nah?
Oh nah
Can you really take dick or nah?
Can I bring another bitch or nah?
Is you with the shits or nah?
Oh nah, oh nah
Would you ride for a nigga or nah?
Would you die for a nigga or nah?
Would you lie to a nigga or nah?
Oh nah

[Verse 2: Wiz Khalifa]
I'ma smoke this joint then I'ma break you off
I be lying if I said you ain't the one
All these tattoos in my skin, they turn you on
Lotta smoking, drinking, that's the shit I'm on
Heard you not the type that you take home to Mom
Is we fucking when we leave the club or nah?
I ain't spending cash for nothing, I wanna see you take it off
I'ma pop this bottle, you gon' give me brain or nah?
Heard you from the hood, you rep that thing or nah?
Got a lotta ass, you gonna shake that thing or nah?
Heard you smoke blunts, you down with paper planes or nah?
I feel like I'm Tony, you my boss? I'm thinking nah
The whole world, I take it on

[Bridge: Ty Dolla $ign]
You gonna run it for these hundreds girl or nah?
Show me is you really 'bout your money girl or nah?
Don't play with a boss, girl take it off
Take it for a real one
You gonna get it all

[Hook]