[Intro: Easy-Wider ft. Wiz Khalifa]
(Yeeuh)
This one goes out-(I gotta go)-to all my aliens and weirdo's out their
(Laughs) Me I'm high on (Yep) that stuff
Good weed that is
It's ya man Easy-Wider
(I'm on another level-)
W.E.E.D, (-somewhere outta state or another planet.)
Brand new Wiz Khalifa (I'm in control like Janet, damnit.) (Laughs)
(Yeah) We gonna show you how to fly lets go

[Verse 1: Wiz Khalifa]
I'm somewhere off in Pluto
Ain't close to nothin' you know-or ever seen
I smoke heavy green, I never lean
But its drink in my cup
A whole lot of stink in my blunt
Louis Vuitton, boy this Gucci he got on
Fuck the charms see the shoes he got on?
And my songs' why the groupies are gone
Pimp juice by the two liter gone
I live on some other shit
Every week another bitch, ain't drunk sex who you fuckin' wit?
Not me, I'm in another galaxy, get your telescopes
My flow is hella dope, punch lines never been the type tell a joke, nope
So fresh you can smell the soap
Boy you know I'm high, you ain't gotta smell the smoke. (Laughs)
I'm finna take a flight out, found me a Hollywood hideout, yeah
Some superstar shit what I'm bout
Write what I live, live what I rhyme 'bout
When Knot come home, I'm gon' see him when he land
When Skirts come home, I'm gon' see him when he land

[Hook: Wiz Khalifa]
So fly I need a spaceship
So high I feel like I got a face lift
I can't say shit, but-(Inhale)
So fly I need a spaceship
So high I feel like I got a face lift
I can't say shit, but-(Inhale)

[Verse 2: Wiz Khalifa]
When light come home, I'm gon' see him when he land
Hater talk wrong, leave him leakin' where he stand
Qua on the ship too, I'm gon' see him when he land
For all this money talk, I'm gon' need a rubber band, man
Lotta bitches on my penis and I heard they all from Venus
They know I'm heavy hustle so them hoes run out to meet us
That money come fast as light speed-us, Jesus
And no ain't no standing here
The whip so sick it got landing gear
So high I need my man to steer
Sledren got me feeling like the man in here
No paper just flying, yellow diamonds
And my chain I'm Orion, no lying
I'm somewhere out the Ozone wit it
No dime I need the whole-(Um)

[Hook]

[Bridge]
Got damn Murphy, (Yeaaahhh)
We light years ahead of ya'll mane.(Laughs)
Don't even use gas man,(Yeah)
Bang in left through the one hole
Go sit on the two niggas (Yep) next to Pluto
You feel me. (Uh-Huh)
Heavy Hustle ho. (Heavy Hustle ho)

[Outro]
I been there, I seen it, I done it
When it come down to that money, I need that, I want that, yeah
I been there, I seen it, I done it
When it come down to that money, I need that, I want that, yeah
I been there, I seen it, I done it
When it come down to that money, I need that I want that
I see a bad bitch, I need that I want that
I'm tryna get high, where my weed at where my blunt at?
I'm tryna get high, where my weed at where my blunt at?
When it come down to that money, I need that, I want that, yeah