You gonna love me
You gonna love me, man! is wiz khlaifa!
Uh, black out, yes!
Cd in the building
Stand up equipped for your prints right now
I'm about to show you niggers
And why wiz khalifa is the prince of the city
Listen, listen, listen!
Young dude, you get off in
Nigga off in
Respect you fools and solve these payments
And no other rapper is .. as man
Disagree, i remove your top, help you change your
What your life about?
We're on that add with our pipes out
City seen nigga life's out!
That's the definition that is black thing
We being black o thing and slaying
And in the i wanna step up, get it
.. a lot of things that will make a mess of you
And i don't sell weed
I don't sell
I roll with the game, the that leave a smell on your throat!
..to see games, soon as we stump in a place
Not.. but don't think, no want to mistake
Leave anyone you met in your life, as you if you're running my space
Dog, i could get you punched in your face
Or you could run butt naked, have you
No jewels, no shoes, i'm nigga with no rules
Dudes, don't understand what i'm getting at?
The whole concept is pitiful, so when i'm done
..these twins no longer be identical
I do respect for anyone
Listen man, it's still the song she's singing to you
Yow niggers gonna love me, now!
You might not want to, but it's hard, i'm the prince of the city and still!
And now, listen!
Shuts start to my nigga, let's collapse on my nigga listen, uh!
I speak to you, dough
I'm the true prince
Do the artist formerly
Now keep that thing, gotta keep that
Reaching for the lord, dog, release that
When i step in the place. stole grands on me
Downs, with their hands on me!
You're sick of searching and nigga with punch lines
Well known to heart pride
All mouth doing like a buck fifty on a strip
It's no way you gonna hold me
I rap sick, and i put the
Ok, get a cracking for the war
I'm sixteen, the eighteen, when it's .. for the war!
I'm way big, no i'm better than him
Keep suffering on me with a .. i call 'em
This are all streets, and trespass, and you get..
You can .. for everything down to your bus
And when i buck fats, niggers top fast
And you can . put your mustache
And niggers imitate the team we are
But i .. you burn niggers like cdr
I do got respect for anyone real
And that's me!
No doubt about it man!
And niggers can run..
It's o question, the prince of the city is still, nigga
And that's me, oh, oh!
I'm feeling real good in here right now
I'm feeling , man!
And niggers let us sing the side of this one!
Black nigga! black!