[Intro]
Ta-hahaha, 28 grams nigga-a, the fuck you wanna do nigga? I'm coning a joint while we talk right now nigga, fuck wrong with you. A zip at a time bitch, put that lil ass shit away. Fuck wrong with you niggas mane? We blow big over here mane, Taylor Gang. We'll be in motherfuckin', Denver on 4/20 nigga. Weed is legal there, so that's sweet. Ya'll niggas, smoke like, two joints a day and you talk about "you get high" motherfucker. That's cool... We gon' continue to get dumb high. We ain't abusing it, we using it

[Bridge]
Let's have fun
What up Winston?

[Verse 1]
What is you saying, my money insane
I'm fresh off a plane, I'm rolling a plant
Girl why is you playin', let's stick to the plan
The weed is so good that it stick to my hand
It come from the land, I know I'm the man
Bought a few packs, so they threw a few in
I don't understand, I know what you payin'
I smoke till it's gone, then grow it again

[Hook]
It ain't nothing to get that zip off
It ain't nothing to get that zip off

[Verse 2]
I was smoking trees at the party, I get gnarly
I got hundred pounds of weed, talking shawty, what you need?
Kush be so strong, hit it once, it's hard to breathe
Have you coughing up a lung, so much smoke you tryna leave
Blowing up a nigga phone, what I tell your ass?
Talking about that pack, I ain't tryna sell your ass
Goddamn, Rollie on my wrist, doobie in my fist
Sipping on the Cris, definitely going to jail if I take a piss
It ain't nothing to get that tip off
Arm out the window, it ain't nothing to get that clip off
It ain't nothing to knock your clique off
Put it in her mouth, I swear she tried to suck my dick off
GODAMN!

[Hook]
It ain't nothing to get that zip off
It ain't nothing to get that zip off
28 grams in a ziplocc
It ain't nothing to get that zip off

[Verse 3]
Got one rolled up, you should roll one too
Let's get fucked up, girl you know how we do
What time? What place? Drink gin, no chase
First time all up, next time, call us
Don't hit the bong, get this smoke, it's bad
Say you smoking strong but you wrong, you've been smoking trash
It ain't in my lungs if it ain't that pressure
First thing in the morning, grab my joint from off the dresser
Keep my OG in a jar cause I like it fresh
Said he’d hit the weed, he ain’t ready yet
Steady flexing on these children like I'm Willie Nelson
No discretion come to drugs, I got a big selection
YES!

[Hook]