"AFRXWIZM"
A.F.R.X.Wizm
(pron. "Afroism")
AF-roh-i-zem


Afrxw Power!
Sunkids, Huemanz Militia
Power Up!

Yea, yea, yea
Afrxwizm, Flxwizm, Philxwizm. Back to black wisdom
Afrxwizm, Flxwizm, Philxwizm. Back to black wisdom
Afrxwizm, Flxwizm, Philxwizm. Back to black wisdom
Afrxwizm, Flxwizm, Philxwizm. Back to black


Wisdom,  stand in formation in the kingdom
Managing the obstacles,  we need them
Transition from the frivolous to the iLLest shit
Kings to golden drum, here we come
Said you waitin on some,  uhh you's a bum
Brotha under me,  you chargin me a color fee from blacks only
Sucka free,  jive turkey,  nigga it's early
In this race on race,  unKuu
Methods to the face,  fuck you
You better pump your brakes,  it's cool
(Ahhh) And this it how it's supposed to be (be ooo, be)
This is how it's supposed to be , Kingdom under unity (unity), This is how it's supposed to be (ooo)

Afrxw this a izm knocking at ya dome, yea
Afrxw this a izm that's about to blow, yea
Afrxw this a izm knocking at ya dome (ooo)
Afrxw this a izm that's about to blow ya mind
Blow ya mind, blow ya mind, baby (ooo)
Blow ya mind, blow ya mind, baby (ooo)


What's that AFRXW?  Don't cha know?
Too many crooks tryna take a look at the sacred book
But I,  see you got your soul took
Where's that myndframe?
This ain't a game
Tryna spark a fire, you ain't got no flame
Well, I got the matches.  So what's the haps, bitch?
With a glad bag full of that gas,  ignore the smoke seeping out my mask
Fuck paintin the town red,  I'm here to burn it down to the ground instead
Fuck your white flag,  I want bloodshed
There's no letting down until these bitches dead
Comin straight for you,  off with your head
There's no victory, until we reverse history,  do to you what you done to me baby
When I'm all done there'll be nothing left
Ashes all around,  where's my cigarettes?  I gotta chase my high


Dilla, Dilla, Dillaa
Dilla, Dilla, Dillaa

Dilla, Dilla, Dillaa
Love for Dilla, Dilla, Dillaa

Ooo, Dilla, Dilla, Dillaa
(Our Ancestry brotha)
Love for Dilla, Dilla, Dillaa
(ooo)
Dilla, Dilla, Dillaa
(wish he woulda made a beat for me, yes indeed)
Dilla, we miss you brotha
Dilla, oh we love you brotha
Dilla, Dilla we love you brotha