[Intro]
Where we come from is a place we call Conant Gardens
(Motown) We getting shit started
If you every hear us say McNic, Nic

[Jay Dee]
It's going down like that range rover
When ladies see you they catch the love hang over
Day or a night if you wanna stay over
You better have the will to bend over and take..

[Baatin]
Off your clothes in time
Conqueror, come back to give some of that old
Pictual, actual, factual; Let Mac'll bring you the raw
With gigantic loads that my people come to love

[T3]
Azurite, get down with it
Can't fathom these brothers fantastic
Uh, I heard you cry when I dipped that ass in some plastic
How could you master, you deal with rappin' bastards
Because you asked us if we could bring you fashions
Fascists, because we turn this rap shit into something tragic
I didn't wanna have to put you in some action
Uh, I know you asked but did you really wanna have it?
See, I cause havoc like a loaded automatic..

[Jay Dee]
How do you like me now nigga, you know my style say word
I'm from the city where we're known for slangin' pounds of herb
Getting dough is a must, and it's the money making its
Yo, the never faking its creating shit that's taking your ho
After the show you know I step up in the place..

[Baatin]
...when I step up in the place
Mind is not strong enough, to hold me back
The tools you lack, the skills you deal
Lyrics to kill, cars to deal
Cops to peel, image too real!

[All]
Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it..
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come, on..
Do it, do it , do it, come on, come on, do it do it..

[Jay Dee]
Back again from the bank baby, counting my change
Chains for most of these cats probably cop my rings
Quick, fast, and always got a way to get cash
Whiplash is what you get when you mashing the gas
If you ask, you might catch me..

[T3]
...You might catch me in my rental
Won't catch me in tinted windows
Might catch me on residentals
Or various instrumentals and yo..
Got a whole crew and my crew is monumental and yo..
You need to lo and behold these innuendos

[Baatin]
Its just the fine talk
Mac'll come with tracks, you relaxe-d
My rhyme is universal like a elastic-uh
I hope you feel me like you feel your past-or

[Jay Dee]
...What do you ???
And you so used to bab-bl-ing
See it dont matter cause we mas-tered this rap shit
Pockets get madder cause its hitting so imma-culate
You like the way it goes down when S attacks-it
It will get tragic when the S is on the mission..

[T3]
...The S is on a mission again
So listen, relax take a seat in the place
It's living, living up to expectations and still
Ripping, With rhymes and filling the chrome
Dipping, Cruising the neighborhood is just local
Pimping

[Baatin]
As for my memory, we were meant to be
I am the soul Melchizedek, from the D
Role of the world, ever see, who got the Key
Its gonna take a master, yo, yo, the S, S

[All]
Where we come from is a place we call Conant Gardens
Motown, we getting shit started
We don't stop, nahh we don't quit..
We just do it, do it, do it, do it do it
Come on, come on, come on, come on
Yo, yo, yo..

[Fades out]
I know this, because Tyler knows this...