[Verse 1]
Uh
Yo, I’ve been looking here and there and don’t know where to go
I’ve been searching for friends and answers but all I’ve found is smoke
It’s not like I don’t know what I believe
But health dosen’t stay, you’ve gotta run
Like faith, it starts to hurt your knees
I’m not feeling lost
I ain’t feeling too down
I’m just living for me
Should I get out of town?
I know I want the best for me
But is my best for me the best for me?
I don’t know
Does anyone know what’s best for me?
I'm not blaming no one
I'm not pointing fingers
But I need to get this off my mental, these feelings always linger
I hate the fact that I don't have it figured out
I know what I want, but don't have the strength to amount
I don’t know who will pick up what I’m putting down
That’s alright, I wrote this for me
But if you pick it apart I guess you’re down
To hearing what I’m saying
Man, I don’t know what I’m saying
Out here on the porch
Man I rode in a Porsche, I sat on a porch and in the Porsche
I’m just being silly man, this is for me
You gotta do some stuff for you, or else you'll start to lose
It’s a ride, you gotta fly, through the pieces
Because life is full of seasons
I question, do I turn the page or leave the page open?
Paige opened, I’ve got a blank focus
Okay
Another chapter, another mindset
I start to wonder which lens is correct?
I wanted to be vague
I wanted to not be descriptive
But I guess you deserve this if you are taking time to listen
Bros like "what up?" but nothing further
'Cause life be too busy
But life doesn't stop, and I search for
It's been a few years since feeling fully satisfied
Is that my fault? Or have I gotta head full of lies?
Man this stuff weighs you down
I can't imagine how many people feel this way all pent up when they're walking around
And that's real...

[Verse 2]
Aye, shout out to Gabe
Taking time to talk life out
Cause life is fricking insane
There's so many routes
I wish I didn't say I felt this way but I do
I'd rather not be fake to everybody, but instead tell the truth
I'm not put together, I'm not that Christian you think I am
Why's it so hard to pick up my Bible or pray to Him?
I'm sorry be so blunt but it's showing in my life
And maybe confession like this just doesn't seem right
But jeez, I like where I am, yeah, I seem to be content
My journal pages show it, I'm doing me, it's evident
So I ask to every every listener listening
Be who you are, not who they want you to be
I hope you find peace, find hope, find truth, find love
Logically equality for all, even though it's tough
And that's not a plug
Just my thoughts rolling out
And to say it's okay to just have some doubt
It's okay to not know - that's where I'm at
Rocking stages, pretending like I'm all that
But that life is a lie
Man, I hate the birth, school, work, die
Moments of up and downs and that's what we call life
I'm driving all over with so much time to think
These thoughts just crowded my head, so I needed to release
Haven't written since the album and my life feels in pieces
My mind is racing, I'm just looking for some peace, yeah
Uh, I'm just looking for some peace...