Living life to the fullest, never know when you're gonna go
'Cause you might catch a bullet taking two steps up out your home
Take two steps into your classroom, might be the last two
Steps you ever take before someone busts in and blasts you
Hearing 'bout Sandy Hook makes me wanna blast myself
I just want some peace, I don't care about cash and wealth
I don't wanna live in a world where humanity lacks humanity
So I pray every night for the families
Of the innocent lives taken because of that man's insanity
...Is this the world I really live in?
Fifty years from now is anything gonna be different?
If not, I honestly don't see the point in living
Guess I gotta be one to change it so I'm on a mission
I don't got a lotta power but a voice that you can listen
Maybe get enlightened, don't be frightened looking at my vision
'Cause I don't wanna be the only one fighting but I'm willing...
See I can't do much but I'm doing all that I can do
You gotta listen to your calling when your calling's calling you
Everybody wants a change but nobody's falling through
Man I want some change and dollas too, I'm tired of these IOU's
I'm tired of the violence, tired of discrimination
Sick of the contagious hatred our nation's constantly facing...
It's why I stay in, you hearing what I'm sayin'?
Shit, I know you hear it but are you paying attention?
Or are you too distracted, scrolling through Instagram?
I need to say a punchline to capture your damn attention span?
Each and every one of y'all pathetic
And when it comes to spreading peace, please don't give me credit
I just can't believe my planet's this dumb
So I pray for God to give me strength to spread some wisdom
What I need to do to get everybody closer?
Buy each and every one of y'all Mahatma Gandhi posters?

I just wanna say something to capture your attention
Have some jurisdiction in this game
Maybe rap a verse of wisdom that'll grab and turn your vision
Towards something positive, you got to give me credit, I said it, the worst musician
To every jerk indifferent, to any words intricate
I swear your verbs are midjets to the first to blurt some sickness
As ridiculous as this shit, spittin' this business
You'd best dismiss yourself from gettin' in, but you're more than welcome to listen
Just, lend me your mind for a second
While I bust, plenty more rhymes reppin' Texas
You gotta trust, my city's fine as I says it
Is so come visit.... San Antonio
... City is the shiznit
... Swear that shit's exquisite