Gia

[Intro]

[Jah K talking]

This song goes to uhh…All the hoes that you don't like

[Hook]

I tell these bitches man y'all ain't fucking with Gia
Y'all ain't fucking with Gia
Y'all ain't fucking with Gia
We never hyped when we see ya
Y'all ain't fucking with Gia
Y'all ain't fucking with Gia

[Jah K Verse]

Are they confused? I hope they are
Cuz these women get me confused with niggas they fucked before
Claiming they not easy as if I was a Commodore
You tryna hold what you already given up
While your friend more pickier with food than all the dick she suck
I wait for her response
I wait upon a answer from a colored girl
Who's pussy might be pinker than that panther
She calls being single changing pampers
Cuz she be tossing shitty ass niggas to a dirty ass hamper of the world like
Damn
So why your friend can't do that?
All her ex niggas moving on, she tryna move back
With one of them niggas, saying she done with them niggas
And yet she always stay under them niggas
Come on baby now

[Chorus:Kristy/Jah]

That ain't fucking with Gia
That ain't fucking with Gia
That ain't fucking with Gia
They never hyped when they see her
That ain't fucking with Gia
That ain't fucking with Gia

[Jah K Talking]

Yo Nom, ain't I right?

[Nom Verse]

Oh yea..
And a, right you are, see I peeped it like a motion picture
She open and scoping niggas, with hopes to get closer with them
It's been a while since I've spoken with ya, but sister
See this bigger picture, we not ordinary niggas
See you probably got confused, cuz I'm cordial with my pictures
Kinda sorta, non the more, I'm a portal spitting scriptures
But Hey
If I wasn't spitting, tryna win a grammy
I've moved out to the Andys, find a strong and stranded gantry
Pull your friend named "Sandy", while she faded in the branding
Tell her go and hit the border, with the work off in the panties
But instead, I digress, read her like the digest
Tryna figure what type of sneaky shit she gon' try next
Kinda eager, are we? Baby Slow down
Ain't my first go around, mama my pimping profound
And I'm looking for a Nia, Topanga, and Selena
And I can't even see her if shorty ain't fucking with Gia

[Jah K: Bridge 1]

Yo ain't you tired of these so called "Important" bitches that be on twitter? (Yeah)
Followed by these thirsty ass niggas? (Yeah)
Well since we all agree, you might as well sing along with me
Saying that

[Chorus]

Y'all ain't fucking with Gia
Y'all ain't fucking with Gia
Y'all ain't fucking with Gia
We never hyped when we see ya
Y'all ain't fucking with Gia
Y'all ain't fucking with Gia

[Jah K Verse]

Are they annoyed? I hope they are
Cuz these bitches are more annoying then the periods they have
They using boyfriends as maxi-pads
Crying out with a bleeding love, wanting us to catch that shit
But I won't be the one to patch that shit
Y'all niggas do it
A lot of hoes coming with batteries not included
And without these niggas fusing your soul, your heart is useless
You know what? You should be flattered by that person who tried to play you
Cuz he didn't have to take the time to generate you
And I admit that we men can do better
But you can barely keep your shit together
So as I listen to bullshit, I'm laughing like Art Linkletter
You Kids just say the darndest things
Oh..And if your name is Gia
Pleas don't think that we're giving you a pass
Cuz we will still talk about your ass
Along with these hoes who plan to interrupt are song at any second
Just out here talking reckless

[Bridge 2]

[Girl]

What?! Oh Ok Listen!
Your stupid ass hook don't make sense
That's why your single cuz your ass ain't shit

[Jah K Interrupts]

Ok first of all, why is you here?
If everything that I said wasn't clear
Don't be mad because you ain't fucking with Gia
You ain't fucking with Gia
You ain't fucking with Gia, Marilyn or Aaliyah
So if your fucking with Gia, your welcome to sing along
And get these dumb bitches off my song
And tell em

[Kristy Outro]

So long, So long, Bye Bye Bitch
So long, So long, Bye Bye….Bitch

[Jah K Talking]

Ok we out...