I hate this beat, cuz it reminds me of the night you took the pills
Now you're taking risks that might take your life & it's like, now i feel
So selfish for the drug abuse & all the death wishes
Didn't even get to spend the day with you on Christmas
But hey, that's life. & people get separated-
Not intentionally, but my family's torn apart & i hate it
Life is so sacred. Love you like the sky loves the stars, you can make it!
Take this world, you can hold it in your palms
Can't be with you everyday so i'mma say it in a song
I love you & i wish that i could take your pain away
I think about you every night, i think about you every day
& i don't call cuz it hurts & that's how i deal with problems-
Act like they don't exist & the universe will solve em
& that's why i understand exactly what you're going through
I know you cut hella deep, but to sleep with the truths
That are hard to accept only make you that stronger!
Living in denial ain't an option any longer
Life is so amazing, hoping one day you can see it
Yo, i used to have your same mind state & now i'm heated
That the world is so cold that it turns our hearts to ice
& i know i'm not the best at giving out advice
But i gotta let you know how i'm feeling cuz i care
& if you left before me, the pain i couldn't bare
Cuz you - one of the people i love most on this planet
& you - one of the people that i've been taking for granted


It's sad & i'm sorry. This was a wake up call
Not only for yourself but for the rest of us all
& i ain't gonna lie, i'm scared, you got me worried
Life passes so fast, why we living in a hurry
For vision that's blurry & temporary numbness?
It's no wonder we can't grasp reality. It's fun when
The problems go away & the depression's deterred
But then you coming down feeling, feeling... what's the word?
Worthless. Like you're on the Earth with no purpose
Like you really don't deserve this. Hold up, let me reword this...
When i'm sober, & it's over & i'm older, god damn it, i feel like dying
But, under no stress, with the coke breath, & the cold sweats
Sometimes i still feel like dying
You gotta live life to find your purpose
You gotta work hard & when it comes, you gon be like, "i deserve this! "
So keep your head high, this too shall pass
& in the morning when you get up into school & class
Learn everything you can & utilize the knowledge
So fucken proud of you that you going to college
You deserve the best so work & you'll receive it
Anything imaginable is possible, believe it!
So keep your head up cuz nobody's gonna do it for you
Your family, we love you, accept you, adore you
Always in my thoughts, in my heart, on my mind
Promise everything's gonna get better, you just gotta give it time...