Intro: [BLaKK JaKK The Rhymer & JaY STeeZ aka Capital STEEZ]

I wonder if we'll get our chance to blow
We give our all through every show
3rd Kind be the best to flow
Still Idontknow? Idontknow? I dontknow?

So Idontknow? What's the hook Jakk? Shit..
So what you mean dog? by Idontknow? Idont -
It's the Kind homie, so just go with the flow
Uh say Idontknow? So Whatcha mean? by Idontknow?
So what they saying to us? Well Idontknow?

[Verse 1: JaY STEEZ]

Yo, so, so here we go again
Strapped with H-bombs and napalm
Me and Blak move like Raekwon and ASON
Questionably - the best in his region
And they standing with the presence of celestial beings - all seeing
Actually you cats can't rap with me, attack the beat the savage who's asking to make ya tap your feet
Dastardly, but my dogs all courageous
Montana couldn't see me with the lines I break up
Wake up, you're staring at the 9th Wonder
Sleeping on me, catching the game in a quiet slumber
I never come across as a sudden force use Troy as
A prime example of a wooden horse
Not the type to get boxed in with several squares, if you didn't get the picture clear
No half steppin', so when he come around it's a guarantee the last thing you'll ever see in him is fear
Ha, so Idontknow? So whatch'ya mean dog? Shit Idontknow? So what's the hook? Idontknow?
Idontknow? so just go with the flow

[Verse 2: Jakk The Rhymer]

I crack rock, no bakin' soda
The homie Jakk takin' over, find the 3rd Kinds files in your agents folder
Stayin' so G even when the worst hit all the bumps and cracks in the path
I'm a horse shoe
And once I pull a sword through stone I'm claiming kingdoms
Youngest of his cousins, never got use to playing with children
He a slayer, they asking y'all where they found the Brooklyn warrior
Influenced by the styles of the Shaolin
Industry rhymers - they garbage
What can I say? Whole careers based off coax
I'm known to fillet a fish
So taste greatness when it's Kaine and 'Co easily
Free verses occur, do this shit on my leisurely
And just a P.S.A. to today's rhymers: Get it gear, your style's ignorant; guilded in fear
The baller gabbers, I castrate a sucka rap
You play your part, I'll play Cassius Clay, kicks and claps
So adjust to Jakk I spit fumes homie, mustard gas
You'd swear the Kind's uncovered Warner brother and a maniac
But this far from a cartoon, when the trigger's pulled back you're all doomed
This ain't a bang sign, flyin' out the harpoon

Well what is it? Idontknow? Idontknow?