[Verse]1
By this time next year when It's cold outside
I want a cool ass crib with a froze ass ride
I'm, fresh as shit in this Roses attire
Cocky in the cockpit nigga I know I'm fly
Girl take this dick in your mouth and I'll take your pride
Such a faithful girl and to her I'm god
The "nati's" seeking my soul and it I won't hide
Cause I want the top so bad for it I might die
Yes I know it's wrong and I might fry
For, taking the side of the "all seeing" eye
But, what really is wrong to a atheist guy?
I ain't atheist but my faith fades sometimes
My reasonable doubt, has got me fucking with d'evils
Besides pussy doubt is the root of all evil
Think about it a little that's hard to doubt people
Only weapon that penetrates stelo the hero
Marcus if I die tomorrow tell them stelo was my sequel
On some 2pac shit it was strictly for my negroes
Gotta big cock bitch for the closed minded people
And two Glocks bitch ready to blast for my beliefs ho

[Bridge] 1
Oh no, oh lord don't take me away
Let a nigga grow up and become great
Nigga are you up there are you hearing me?
Knew you won't gone reply and that's ok, yeah that's ok
Yeah that's ok, Oh oh no lord, oh oh no lord don't take me away

[Hook]
If tomorrow's when I leave, aye
Make my bed, let me get a good sleep, aye
Oh lord I'm so sorry, aye
Watch over my mommy

[Verse] 2
My niggas got a puff of the sticky got stuck in the flame
I got a taste of the pussy now I'm stuck in the game
Wishy washy with my ex she's like when will you change?
When the love kills the lust. Till then I'll be the same
Tell me, how do you train your train of the thought to maintain
The weight of a train, to get on and be the best mayne?
Plus the train just left the seven cities. Will it trace its steps mayne?
Hopefully it does only rich niggas take planes
Been waiting so long god damn I got back pain, shit bout time I finally sparked the buda
Fuck that shit I can't become a user
Cause them gates will open up and I'll become an abuser
Popping pills at dark knights to view a bright future
Best friend does that I hope I don't lose ya
Little brother getting wild I hope they don't shoot ya
I ain't about that life well yeah yeah that's truthful
But I'm about that now
I'll pop yo top when the sun goes down
Like pow pow pow, then pow pow pow until I smile
Seen him get stomped in the head when was were childs
The tears came out, and the blood rolled down
How'd I let that happen? I'm still hurt now

[Bridge] 2
Oh lord how these demons fill me
If after that these niggas kill me
Through these vibrations you'll always feel me
(Repeat)

[Hook]
If tomorrow's when I leave, aye
Make my bed, let me get a good sleep, aye
Oh lord I'm so sorry, aye
Watch over my mommy, aye
(Repeat)

[Outro]
And that's ok...
Aye, aye.. Yeah