[Busta Rhymes]
Flipmode, bitch!

[Rah Digga]
Rest In Peace, Dilla

Rest In Peace, Dilla

Rest In Peace, Dilla
(uh... yeah...)
Bustin' shots for you, my nigga
(...just anotha day..)

[Verse 1: Rah Digga]
Just another day at the range
I'm lickin off shots, just perfecting my aim
Can't be gettin too caught up in the game
Even worse when ya gotcha self a little bit of fame
So I go to the range, I put a couple rounds in the chamb-
Visions of my little cousin on the corner, slain
Now I'm squeezin' the thang, I could easily bang
Tryina keep all that evil shit, outta my frame
That's why I go to the range
I see some rednecks with shit I can't even name
Sayin to myself; I better do it the same
Revolution comin'- shit it already came
They called it "A hurricane", that's why I got to the range
300-mag oughtta ease the pain
One-shot mami, betta stay in ya lane
Cuz I don't gotta kill you, I could leave you maimed
You know what I'm sayin?
Bullets do have names... (yeah, yeah)
That's why I go to the range (yeah, yeah)

[Verse 2: Busta Rhymes]
Just another day at the range
Cuz practice makes perfect, nigga, ain't nothin' changed
I mastered killin' shit, that's why you look at me strange
Especially the opposable is damage-up ya frame
That's why I go to the range
See how a nigga playin' the game
Rep for any battlefield, 'specially defendin' my name
I'm the one that they blame, they speculation is lame
That shit is bug; when nigga's talkin', ain't got nothin to gain
That's why I go to the range
When-I-Lock the streets hope you niggas hear what I'm sayin'
And the fact that I'm here, the very reason I came
Dominate the hood, you see it's simple and plain
It ain't nothin but just a thang, the way I'm comin to claim
Nigga's gona take the crown I'm here to put you to shame
I'm mastermind to spit you niggas know I'm the brain
Got the hardcore shit, I got 'em feelin' my pain
So make me a lane, I got 'em goin' insane (Huh!)
Hater's make a nigga go to the range (Ha!)
Huh! Check it its-

[Rah Diggah}

Just another day at the range
I'm lickin off shots, just perfecting my aim
Can't be gettin too caught up in the game
Even worse when ya gotcha self a little bit of fame
So I go to the range...