[Produced by The Ummah]

[Intro: Busta Rhymes]
Aiyo, where my niggas at?
Fuck, my niggas is at?
Where my Leaders Of The New School niggas is at?
Yo, aiyo C Brown, C Brown where the fuck you at, dun?
Aiyo Milo, Milo and the dance, where the fuck you at, nigga?
Aiyo aiyo Dinco, where you at, son?
Where the fuck my Leaders niggas is at, man?
Fuck man, I'm ready to grab my niggas
Them niggas need to go to blow or sometin

Keep it movin', keep it movin' (Runnin faster than the speed of a bullet)
Keep it movin', keep it movin' along, keep it movin' along
(Has more rhymes than any other DJ that has craps)
Keep it movin', keep it movin' (Able to leap sucker MC's in a single bound)
Keep it movin', keep it movin' (Look at the jam of the mic)
Keep it movin' along, keep it movin' along (It's the L-the O-the N-the S)

[Verse 1: Dinco]
What three initials blows it up like me?
Besides TNT, CNN and PEG
My visionary which is skippin on my D-O-G
I guess it was a S-O-S from G-O-D
Chaos has arisen interteller space souls (SOULS!)
Cellular, good ridance, like keypads wit ol' bass
Third planet states while the rest of the world waits (WAITS!)
Joy to the world, meaning hail, snow and earthquakes
Participates, modulates
If comets were round plates, bitten names gates
For only those involved relates, case after case (CASE!)
Dinco's on the next space
Movin strategically in the Solar System's waste (RAHHH!)
Size 25, the lymph still be in place (HAHHH!)
Stretch and extending, for flexin is impending
It's not mind-bending or refrain to keep remembering (HMMM!)
Cuz everybody's people gonna doubt, or believe (WOO!)
We dispense necessity, to shout and receive

[Hook]
Keep it movin' along

[Verse 2: Milo]
People in the party, are you really feelin?
We ain't seein eye-to-eye so you ain't really seein (SEE!)
I be hippin all type of niggas, sayin fuck that nigga Blow
When they see me in the party, they better act like they know
YO, we connectin dots that makes spots hot
Uhh, to the beat'cha (Y'ALL!), ah ya don't stop (STOP!)
Notice, how many groups can formulate then lose focus
With a lot of hocus pocus, concepts that sound bogus
I'm seein the world and all its different kind of poses (WOO!)
Crush you like roaches, that's keepin the crowd movin (HAA!)
Mr and the dancers, who said "Culture consumin?"
Never face, he ????? ????? and strength
Cos I can terminate, like a dirty hypodermic needle
My vision's clearer than the sights on an eagle
Stop them bustin high, bring the head back to my table
Don't front, circle circle, dot dot, you catch your speed, not
Feel that, cos this type of vibe sounds done
(Far from the...., to the doe-run-run-run to the doe-run-run)
(YES!) Yes to the beat-boys and your ass accepted
Exclusive, L-O-N-S bringin the ruckus, wild aggressive

[Hook]
Keep it movin' along, keep it movin' along
Keep it movin', keep it movin', keep it movin'
Keep it movin' along, keep it movin' along

[Verse 3: Charlie Brown]
Now don't get me wrong, CHILL!!!
Let me out, no question, no doubt
????? god is a drought
I've come to wet the party like a tropical depression
????? mixed with scherm for this musical session
(STOP!) stressin, testin, second-guessin, who's 'fessin?
Life is a lesson in disguise like a blessin
Click in , kickin, better back up chicken
Stickin' stunts, cause I keep it real, front Brown! (BROWN!)
Cos I'm like a ???? hands therapeutic
Measurements, square, feet, and cubic
We're all makin pennies off a record, so who needs the paper? (WHO?)
The man in Manhatten lampin in the skyscrapers
How much can a nigga take before he break fool?
I tell ya cool, with the New School
And the tool to examine my unorthodox pattern
From Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn
And don't forget Uranus, Neptune and Pluto
Flow deeper than the lava inside a volcano, bro
(Never snitch, never dominate
I'll be wild, smokin drowsy)
Fuckin up my economics, is it rather ironic
Sippin gin, juice and tonic
Like Shawn Kemp with some hemp, super sound and sonic
Baby, above your head, below your feet and it still wimp
C-Boogie Brown, my shit is brilliant

[Verse 4: Busta Rhymes]
Yah yah, yah (AHH!)
My shit be so gigantic
And I'mma take 4 steps and cross the whole Titanic
Better believe I (KEEP!) movin (OVER!) people's heads
You know my crew for bringin' it full-fledged
Bringin it back like a fresh out the box, pair of Pro-Keds 69ers
(LEADERS OF THE NEW!) I'm the house so open up your blinders
Yo, I be the Moses takin poses
With a rhyme flow so beautiful like a large bouquet of roses
(Keep it movin' along, keep it movin' along
Keep it movin' (get busy, baby), keep it movin')
Keep it movin' now
No need to try to stop it, we gon' wreck shit anyhow
Yo, limitations is somethin I never will allow
When we bake the cake, I be that nigga that brings the icing
Disregard your whole identity and revoke your driver's licence
You know I blast in your ass real fast
Got your bladder burning, desperate for a bathroom pass
Monumental, like a Busta Rhymes statue made of brass (c'mon) Hypnotise the mass
Shit so hot, better jump in the water, nigga (SPLASH!)
Breakin through the party like a fuckin' Sound clash
Split the Philly down the back and mix the weed with more hash
I will wash away your pain like Draino
Erupting like the angriest volcano, or the wickedest whirlwind and tornado
We stay up in the streets, cruisin, me and my whole crew, gotta.......

[Hook:]

Keep it movin' along
Keep it movin', keep it movin', keep it movin'
Keep it movin' along, keep it movin' along
Keep it movin', keep it movin', keep it movin', keep it movin'
Keep it movin' along, keep it movin' along
Keep it movin', keep it movin', keep it movin', keep it movin'
Keep it movin' along, keep it movin' along
Keep it movin'

[Outro:]

This one goes out
To the three brothers that I love the most, in memory of this song
My man Ratto, my man Big Joe, my nigga Love
Them niggas rest, most comfortable
Peace, L-O-N-S, forever