Verse 1: Ceno
Where is Mr President?
I need to speak to the man and not his delegate
Enough of the long distance relationship
I broke up with my ex-girlfriend just because of that... That
And it started as vacation
Then you said you needed more time for medication
We know sey you dey sick even before election but
Anyone sir make I no mention
Youth Corpers serving their Father's land
Naija dey wait for airport make their Father land
But if the man's not around we need another man
If you ain't fit to rule why not step down
Show us you got us in mind mehn just be the man
And don't come looking for me na democratic demand
Promise to bring change and we fell for your trick
And now wey things don cast you wan dey form who dey sick...ehn?
Everyday I pray to God for Peace and Harmony
But when I Turn my TV on, it's tears and agony
If no be bomb blast na Fulani herdsmen
Or DSS putting chains in the hands of your opponents, why?

Hook:
I thank God for the food that I eat
I thank God for the air that I breath
No matter what the bad man say, so long I got breath Imma keep keep preaching the truth
I thank God for the air that I breath
I thank God for the food that I eat
No matter what the bad man say, so long I got breath Imma keep keep preaching the truth
So Don't hate me brother, imma keep on saying the truth yeah
But if you speak the truth for Naija, our government go come against you
So Don't hate me brother, imma keep on saying the truth yeah
But if you speak the truth for Naija, our government go come against you

Verse 2: Jaydee
Truth be told ..truth be told.. my thoughts deeper than an that  pubic hole
My minds dirty...my thoughts evil...
Gat this inner demon now it needs to go
True sheet not d movies yo
Full potential...God is Good...
I count my blessings and uhhh ...lord am thankful..but what to do..now thats d question, rhetorical...
Government against the people but thats not cool
Governance is like a menace but what to do....now thats d question...rhetorical
Even people against their people, now thats not cool...
I can't think.. my mind is driving me crazy... my brain is hitting the brake... my heart saying.. I gat you
I can't think i'm in a mind state of emergency..
Imagine me up for Aso Rock... see..
*quit Imagining*
Presidency na No No.... Ofcourse I never reach eighty nah... twenty one i'm still a baby nah...i swear that sheet is crazy man...but wat to do
Now dats d question what you  do my bro just do honestly..
Because truth be told... nobody Holy.... we just bunch of sinners judging sinners for sinning differently
Even Christ said it
Let ye without Sin cast the first stone
But if you gotta serve, serve men
Jude!

Hook: Carlos
So Don't hate me brother, imma keep on saying the truth yeah
But if you speak the truth for Naija, our government go come against you
So Don't hate me brother, imma keep on saying the truth yeah
But if you speak the truth for Naija, our government go come against you

Verse 3: Ceno
Few days ago I got a call from a friend
Telling me to be careful what I do with the pen
Then again cite examples if some niggers in jail
Nnamdi Kano and some niggers who spake
See, I've been tryna look myself as a freedom fighter
Malcolm X in the days of the Black Panther
Voice for Change like Eedris Abdulkareem
I'd be the voice of the youth
I'd be the voice for the truth
But I've been thinking like...
Am I really free to speak?
With the words that I spit I hope they don't look for me
I believe in one Nigeria but I've been having doubt about, about...
Is peace ever gonna reign
Coz Naija is the fusion of different group of people, while the people from the north claiming they be 'born to rule'
And the one from the South saying we feeding from their wealth
While the one from the West be sitting in the fence, but..but..
All this things just dey tire me
I never start bad belle wan retire me
Sooner or later I know they're gonna require me
The New School Abdulkareem, keep the fire burning in me
That's my letter to the President
It's my letter to the President
My Letter to the President
It's my letter to the President