[Hook 1: Eli]
Have you ever seen a guy cry because of girl?
I know you looked at him and thought it won't be me, no
Life Is Strange anything coulda' happen, you know

[Verse 1]
Have your ever thought about every human is different?
No talk about we're all came from one tribe, you hear me?
But every person is unique even when we are infants
Somebody thinks about make these kids to see the world
Somebody never give this children even a word
They moving slow, like a cow on the road, yeah
It is strange we can not do we want, because of people around us
Not because we can not physically or we caught numbness
We can not because we don't wanna here somebody discuss it
We scared of opinion of random witnesses or maybe not random
But we not scared to fuck without a condom
In the dirty toilet of old club in the downtown
You two-faced like a woman who layed on one side of the sun
Don't talk to grandpa like you the god, you just one of the grandsons
Know your place, don't act the one
It is strange I spend money on steam, when the wet dream
Is still in the list of my purposes for real
I actually live but he says I don't know how to live
I found this beat in 20 minutes because I was inspired
You wrote a book in the week, but day before you got fired
Life is Strange, deal with it for the while

[Hook 1]
Have you ever seen a guy cry because of girl?
I know you looked at him and thought it won't be me, no
Life Is Strange anything coulda happen, you know

[Verse 2]
It is strange that someone eating too much and don't get fat
And this girl eats once a day but can't lose any weight
No justice in here, because these two are roommates
There are so many talented people who can't get their fame
But fame is had by stupid gorillas, they all doing the same
Not creating things, not trying to understand, just playing safe
Recording shit for auditorium, who can't get square root out of four
But showing their might with that brand new golden iPhone
Don't worry, it is normal for the place we call Earth
Please, I don't wanna see war in our hearts anymore
I tired trying make you the star with no response
Hey, you are adult, kick me off or show me the love!

[Hook 2]
Have you ever seen a girl cry because of boy?
Of course you seen, stupid question for sho'
But Life Is Strange still, so don't cry anymore

[Verse 3: Eli]
J Dilla showed the world the power of minimalistic sound
Looking for the art, I had to go southbound
And i found what i was looking for so much time
The music for the great game - "Life Is Strange"!
I made the fucking beat, i thought it really great, aha
I told my homie i gon drop the album with it, hell nah!
He said, too childish i think
Maybe you coulda' make some kinda skit
Put it there, 'cause you ain't producer yet
And you need quality to get what you wanna get
Shit, it ruined my life i thought
My beats ain't worth a shit, what a word!
Just don't give up and make these bitches like the project
Don't make it abstract, choose one subject
Or maybe not one, maybe two, but not too much
We don't need no spoken-word, it gon' be sound like a crutch
Which I gotta carry for 40 damn minutes
And not enjoy it, only think about finish

[Hook 1 & 2]
Have you ever seen a guy cry because of girl?
I know you looked at him and thought it won't be me, no
Life Is Strange anything coulda happen, you know

Have you ever seen a girl cry because of boy?
Of course you seen, stupid question for sho'
But Life Is Strange still, so don't cry anymore

[Outro: Eli]
I hope i made it! Thank ya'll great listeners
I can now do somethink new, get out of this prison
Fuck yeah

Hey, check my old stuff!

[Old song is playing]