You look forward to a brighter day, one that gets you up in the morning to leave your bed and say, “that [you] are ready, brain sharper than any.” Sounds a little heady but the alternative's got you rolled into a ball. You cannot fall, the drop top's unlocked wind everywhere do you not care? That time is passing you by I cannot lie, you look like you need an alibi walk by my side. I'll take you in just don't collide with your fears, escape the tears

We've got so far to go ‘fore the sun sets on Frisco. Through
Kaleidoscopes we grow, don't mind the lack of snow. I already know your history since the day you told me, so take it slow

"If you cannot fly then run, if you cannot run then walk, if you
[cannot] walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward." –Martin Luther King

We should not bring, shame to the grave, why not save face and plan ahead 'fore you meet the dead. Ice cold feelings I still be
Bringing the feelings of a man caught in the system. My eyes still glisten so listen, the only way I’m breaking out is with a prism of peace, love, and harmony on the back of a dove: Union City Love. I thought I told you to rise but you fell again my love so let me give you a hug

Feel better soon. See through the bleak doom, start to groom, keep clean and zoom. Don't let the gloom break you down and consume the moonlight. Proverbially salt of the earth right? No birth right. So carve it out yourself. No wealth in your name, better learn to save or it'll drive you insane. Check yourself, better snap out ‘fore you wreck yourself, then stack up wealth so you can do more than
Survive

Love it, rise above it. Don't confuse it with that, or that, or that. Sit back, don't completely relax. Plan it, program it, ceramic, italic, don't get caught in the glam necessity first. The worst it gets is when you're out of your means it seems—the stuff that gleams, limousines, stacks. So pack back a knapsack, books, and snap back to the core of the matter is that you'd rather be having fun then work

If you run I jerk you back and slap the fan-out of your-tastic bass, drum, kick, tap, high hat lick. A little riddle forever but the time will reveal, a constant effort and mistakes are the details needed
Advice heeded. Rice heated, don't forget to eat and sleep, but don't oversleep too much so you can come in clutch

Crack the sore out of your back and eat some lunch. Brunch with a friend I'd lend my time, but I'm not divine. In line for your future I hope is sublime. A life filled with warmth. From within I grin when you raise your chin. "Yes I believe in me so you believe in you," sung Michael Jackson

Lights camera action. Got one life to live but don't confuse that with the negative. Be positive. The real realize the ill thoughts and break locks. Crack out of the attitude. Then you finally get to move in the direction. At every intersection, you'll learn when to turn with life lessons. Count blessings before stressing gets your inner child out

And without a doubt back to square one, backwards will be seeking your name

"...[doing] the same thing over and over... expecting different
Results" –Einstein

Is the definition of insane. So get out of my way before you cloud my brain. I want to train those willing to listen to how to smile when the darkness is hissing your name. So glisten outshine and position your intuition in places that make you real. Make you feel alive. Enabling you to thrive. Gloria Gaynor once said, "I will
Survive."

So strike out live. Miss judge the tide but only because you tried. Otherwise you lied. Just dive in, you'll never be ready don't take that literally. In case you didn't get the jive, you'd rather drive, than take the bus but if you have to slide up on mantle, don't get
Dismantled by thoughts of shame. It’s okay, I cannot blame you. It’s okay

Don't get deluded, included here is the need for stability. I really wish the best for you, you see because you're human like me
Phenomenally living on this Earth. We both breath, we both need love. I'm giving you some, on the wings of a dove:

Union City Love x J Dilla