After all, she is the only daughter of Aldo and Margherita Furlanetto, who founded popular Italian bag and accessories brand, Furla, in 1927

"I appreciate good designs but I never saw the need to carry bags from other brands when my family has its own good quality leather bags in every style and colour," says Ms Furlanetto, who is in her 60s, in a telephone interview

But the mother of two, who lives in Bologna, concedes to an admiration for French luxury fashion house Hermes. The 176-year-old company is known for its leather goods, including the iconic Kelly and Birkin bags

She says: "In my opinion, Hermes is the epitome of top quality leather goods. The workmanship is beautiful and I love the construction of each leather item. It is a family-run business too. I would love to grow Furla to the success level of Hermes while still maintaining our key characteristic, that is, affordable prices for as many women as possible."

Furla leather bags start from $450 for a nappa leather bag

"It is important to keep our prices at an attainable level," she notes. "We want to provide our customers with the experience of luxury shopping but we also want to be a brand that is approachable."

This is why she discount handbags       does not think of Furla as a luxury brand but a premium one that is "just below all the top brands"

She adds: "That is the one thing my father wanted my brothers and I to remember when we took over the company. We have to always be cost-conscious."

Together with her two older brothers, Carlo and Paolo, the three Furlanetto siblings took over the business from their father in cheap wallets 1970

Today, Ms Furlanetto, who is president of the company, is the only sibling running the business

Her parents died in the late 1980s, while her two brothers died of old age - Paolo in 1989 and Carlo in the mid-1990s

She has continued to expand the business beyond the Italian market. In the past 30 years, Furla has expanded to 63 countries, including Britain, China, Japan, Singapore and the United States. It has 320 stand-alone stores worldwide and about 1,300 points of sales in department stores and multi-label boutiques

Ms Furlanetto oversees the company's design team and created the brand's signature Candy bags in 2011

The range of PVC bags in assorted colours, with prices starting from $490, is arguably the label's most popular. "I wanted something trendy and youthful but not loud or vulgar," she says

"We are all about luxury handbags sale subtlety at Furla. So, instead of logos, we play with vivid colours. We have many celebrities carrying this bag because it is versatile enough to be a casual bag and can also be matched with something dressier."

The Candy bags, which are hand-stitched in Italy, count American It girls Olivia Palermo and Chloe Sevigny, as well as top Russian model Natalia Vodianova, as fans

Indeed, Cheap luxury handbags China these bags are considered the brand's It bags. "It bags are what the market wants now. So, we create something that is recognisable and easily linked to us," Ms Furlanetto explains