Verse 1:
Sat in my sanctuary eating Oreos with milk, I think I'm Morpheus, I'm all alone, I write and spindle silk. My flow is terminal, I burn them all, I fort to feel this ill, I don't want to pay no bills, I just want to bath in bills like Bill Gates, I'm not lying, I'm not dying, pushing Daffodils in deaths face. They say 'You need to find a field and one that's really real' I'm too busy chasing butterfly's in fields, trying stop this butterfly-effect I feel, I've not even learned the speal, I'm Spielberg when I peel words, dirty pics in your picture phone, this really what a meals' worth? I can read you and now I see that your fame feening, left my soul on windowsill, learning the art of day dreaming. I feel like my enemies have paid demons to stop me from my path and reaching my true potential. I recall my parents telling me that education is essential but I've just turned down my offer from Uni. I used to wish I was goon but now I feel like a Goonie; I'm searching for treasure, I could have been a professor, never the less, I still might get a PHD, whilst all these teens blow tree, imma keep low key

Chorus:
Because that's just me and that's just me, that's just me (Keep It Moving) and that's just me, that's just me (Keep On Pursuing) and that's just me, that's just me (I Used To Feel Like A Loser) Because that's just me and that's just me, that's just me (Keep It Moving) and that's just me, that's just me (Keep On Pursuing) and that's just me, that's just me (Call Me OT)

Verse 2:
I used to act playful, used to want to play the sax but ended up playing the trombone and later found this rap. I used to roll down hills, now I just want to fade to black, my grandparents paid for music college just want to pay them back. I quit my job at Burger King after the first shift, I told my mums and pops I can't be doing that, If I digress then I lose my track, plus it's £5 an hour after tax, what a laugh. Dripping candle wax on the carpet, I'm a star, check the parallax, if you can't see it, must be cataracts, I told a girl who I wish was my girl that I can't relax, lately I don't feel the beat like cardiac attack. An arachnophobe who can't sleep like I'm back from Iraq, the sky's are grey like the colour of slacks, after an office job that you don't want to work but they keep pulling you back; a bully in a dinner-suit, who thinks he's in control of you, who minuscule, who's conversations make you mind lapse, contacts slip past your eyelids and fall to the back, guns blazing, fury high, when you rip that contract and realise you can't afford an iMac to make music. Whist a Doofus argues about Kanye West headlining Glastonbury; I hear you talking, makes my coronary hot and buried, I can't be slaving every seven days like Makaveli, April showers in my February

Chorus:
Because that's just me and that's just me, that's just me (Keep It Moving) and that's just me, that's just me (Keep On Pursuing) and that's just me, that's just me (I Used To Feel Like A Loser) Because that's just me and that's just me, that's just me (Keep It Moving) and that's just me, that's just me (Keep On Pursuing) and that's just me, that's just me (Call Me OT)

Bridge:
Clock in for my shift and then clock out, I got music on my mind, all day no doubt, but no work, no pay, no pay, no pound and I don't want to hear the boss-man scream and shout. I just want to be own man, got my own plan and my own life and my own agenda; I don't want to be a slave to yours, I don't want to feel the shade, it's lame indoors

Chorus