Verse: 1

This is for my peoples, lethal with weapon, no sequels
Keeping eagle eyes, wise through the waters in which I see through
Evil lies within lies, and I demise through rhymes I feed you
See these rappers been teasing you, teething too, leavin you sweet tooth

I lead you through the vain/vein, like needles through the pain
But who’s to say the rain couldn’t come another day
So always be aware, never scared of what’s coming next
Cause nonetheless, most say they OKAY, with tons of stress

We all know THAT guy, that act like an ass of a master mind
Pass him a glass of wine, sip it fast then has to whine
Forreal yo, keep ya head up
Get up, reset up instead of being upset and never let up

[Hook]:
Most say they real niggas, but those ain’t real spittas
Yo, You gotta look, search. Where? Under, no Hilfiger
The real difference in the smarts, when flowing from the heart
Starts to feel richer, though the guap ain't there to start

Verse: 2

What you gotta do is paint a picture, which is hip hop's most art
Im hip hop Mozart, with scripts raw and flows droppin bombs on Libya
Reagan or Obama?
Well since I'm mixed, shit, I guess the race is just the karma

The drama unfolds as kids get shot and guns sold
Alex jones loaths for no control, forgetting drugging tolls, and drive by's
Where the hoods thrive, the nigga livin good life at a good price
He betta recognize

Joey said it best and I preach it like a retweet
"Teachers should teach to get smith and wessons off of them streets" please
The murder getting worser, reaching its peaking
It ain't a sweet thing to see street kings policing

Swear yo everyone's a rapper these days
Wrappin some haze, and blazin after catching a fade
Now that the passion and rage passed, the fashions have changed faster than crashing ya breaks when theres an accident at stake

Yo them cats with the cake gotta have it their ways, I'm sent to whop ya
Straight snatchin ya change
This the underground sound, ya that bottomless pit work
In Pittsburgh, niggas spit word... hot as my spliff burn

Forreal!
Make a hater feel how I feel though. You acting chill, borderline confined as a REAL folk
Conform to that contridiction.. my nigga, you a REAL folk?
Cannot be real
Folk is fiction So you're a weirdo!
FOR REAL DOE!

Make a deal to seal a profit
A label not shit. Independent hot spit in my conscious
I'm not as cautious, but I'm lost in a monstrous nonsense! Why these gods and goddesses gotta get caught in gaza strips!?

I'm off of this

[Hook]