[Intro:]
Suppose, you graduate from high school
Let's say you just slide by
Alright, now you've got to find a job
Now what kind of salary do you expect, uh, for a regular person?

[Verse 1: Wes Lee]
I'm obsessed with winning
And undressing women
There's no question we gon' set it off tonight
So fuck what you heard
I'm gonna sit up in first class just smoking herb, screaming fuck the world
With some girls with the curls and curves
Pulling up their skirts
I said i can't dance, teach me how to jerk
She said I'm catching a drift
I said baby I got something you can catch with your lips
Ripping their dresses off quick, without hesitation
I'm pretty sure the mic put me in this situation
Then she made a statement
You're never on vacation, why you always working?
I said bitch it's dedication
We in this [?] fighting fire with fire
How you gonna make it?, with my high desire
I see the devil in the white dress
Everybody's a poser, it's just how life is
We so righteous, in the right heads
Always at the dinner table with the fine guest
Man the flight left, time to kill again
Don't even care where I land I'm on my Gilligan
We the realest man, roll up with the realest fam
Don't know how to finish this, shit
So let me finish them
I could just have nothing to say like every other kid
But every time I write on the page I make another jam, damn

[Hook]
We gon' ride tonight just doing what the first class do
Ooh, and maybe if the vibes feel right we'll be rolling with the first class crue
So nod your head a little bit, enjoy the set because we don't know how long we're gonna be around

[Bridge]
Just let it breathe, just let it breathe
J Dilla shit, straight killa shit
We'll make a billion

[Interlude]
Now what can we, the lords, do with a punk like you?
Yeah man I'll tell you what, you can join our girls, alright?
Yeah man
Nigga you can't even pee straight
You sure you ain't from the Harlem man?
Kiss my ass mother fucker, I don't want to join your pussies anyway

[Verse 2: Wes Lee]
Making this a reality, time to give in
The clock's ticking all the potential to die winning
Fly [?]
Rolling so my eyes tinted
My dinner [?] is high [?]
Mask made of gold
I'm past paving roads
Now I'm hitting 88 past getting ghost
I'm headed for the future and your ass fading slow
They turn the camera on because my ass paid in full
You lying out your two lips, you crashed I rolls
And they ask about the clothes, how I cashed out the stores
I'm too fly, you need to learn to fly
I'm soaring and recording and foreign imported two time
Not telling the truth guys, would've sounded cool right?
Only went from me to dream really is two rides
So maybe we can get it and then set it off tonight, right?

[Bridge]
Just let it breathe, just let it breathe

[Verse 3: Wes Lee]
I've got 5 bullets, only 1 shot with the gun pointed at my face
So if I pass away
It's do or die try and realign the science just to make it in this damn game
Now that's a damn shame
I kept my music handmade just for handshakes
Now I want it for my pride
So help me God
If you give me nothing else in this world just help me set it off tonight

[Hook]