​the MarXman - “Son Shine”
[Emcee(s): the MarXman]
[Producer(s): J Dilla (Original Instrumental from Illa J ft. Affion Crockett - “DFTF”)]

[Intro: the MarXman]
Oh yeah.  Uh huh.  Yeah, uh huh.  Come on it.  Please let son shine.  Uh, yeah, let son shine.  Uh, yeah, uh huh.  Yo, tell it like it is

[Verse 1: the MarXman]
Yo
I’m complex beyond Napoleon Bonaparte
Controlling every zone he can come across.  I want to make
You feel the way I feel when I’m alone in my lonely thoughts
Or out, exposing someone to so much art they want to ex-
-plode, talking nonsense, tearing their home apart
Searching for inspiration.  It’s the sensation
Rubbing shoulders with the spirits.  Connected to my
Soldiers, we’re the nearest to wherever hear it (You feel us)
Not being silly, me and Siri getting serious
Sicker than the walkers, rickety, slicker, he
Is the key, isn’t he?  Sure got the locks for it
Stick me in, see if you ain’t opened immediately
I’m a don, evoking the devotion of
Any kind of crowd, from Comicon to a Ramadan
Party, done been over when the rum was done
Like the summer fun, too quick, but there’s another one
Revolving around the son

[Hook: the MarXman]
(Yeah)
(Yeah, come)
(Tell ‘em) I told y’all I’ll be right back
Sit back ‘cause, when you open your eyes, it’ll be
The morning
So let son shine, come on
Right on everything.  I’ll be right back
In the meantime, peep the sunshine on your face

[Verse 2: the MarXman]
No pressure, stay sharp
With the weight of the world on my shoulder blades
Still got warpaint from my Soaker days
Sometimes so afraid to show what fa-
-zes me.  Now I’m getting higher at a pace
Inspired by Kitty Pryde in a maze
(Woah) I take pride in amazing ya
(What?!?) I take time in it, baby
As long as the mic is on, I am wrecking shop
Like gentrified spots when moms and
Pops shop, get props, considered a living legend
If what’s a legend is legit and really happened
Magic reimagined with any action
He has to win.  Masculine and trendy fashion
Skin is brown and I stunt, so
Hands down, about to get the brownstone I want
Peep the son

[Hook: the MarXman]
(Yeah)
(Yo, what it is)
I told y’all I’ll be right back
Sit back ‘cause, when you open your eyes, it’ll be
The morning (It’ll be the morning, hey)
So let son shine, come on
Right on everything.  I’ll be right back
In the meantime, peep the sunshine on your face (Come on)
(Sing)
(That song) I told y’all I’ll be right back
Sit back ‘cause, when you open your eyes, it’ll be
The morning (Hey, hey, hey, hey, uh, come on)
(Let’s go)
Right on everything.  I’ll be right back
In the meantime, peep the sunshine on your face

[Outro: the MarXman]
Let son shine.  Yeah