[Intro]
Yeah…
Never never fake it man x2
Never never fake it
Never never fake it man x3
Never motherfucking fake it nigga

[Verse 1]
Now you be staring in the mirror thinking
Damn nigga yeah you ugly as shit
You know the hoes hate it when a nigga cum too quick
But you ain’t thinking bout that you’d just rather hit and quit
Deep down you know you way too scared to commit
Coz you be looking at your rents like damn is this it?
He be scheming on the low but you never tell a soul
But what you don’t know is she already knows
Damn..
She already knows nigga
Friends to foes like hoes in clothes
It’s deceiving my insecurities have a reason
It's getting in the way of opportunity
I’m grieving and I fiddle with rap
A skinny ass depressed dude who think he can rap
But I ain’t afraid to admit it my honesty is vivid
That's prolly why I can see all through your gimmick
Shit you niggas couldn’t hear me
Uh
Say it louder for the niggas in the back who be hating on a nigga
Coz nobody wanna see you grow and if I ain’t bring my team to the show
Then what I got to show?
The collective like the 93 death row
Growth and glow that's the motto
Still waiting for the day that I get verified on the gram
I guess that's when you make it right?
That little blue tick making niggas go crazy right?
Fuck it I ain’t hating I just wanna see you make it
Worry about yourself, self loves not crazy
Life if something if you take it
But will I ever make it?
Will I ever fucking make it? Will I ever fucking make it man?
Damn...

{Hook: Jerome & Agasha Mutesa} x2
Life is what you make it
But will I ever make it ?
Fuck it I’m the greatest
My mama said don’t fake it

[Verse 2]
“Born sinner, the opposite of a winner”
Drown in sleeping pills so my dreams kick in quicker
My situation got me having sleep for dinner
I’m looking thinner like feed me nigga
But I don’t even care I just wanna rhyme
Truthfully I ain’t met a nigga that I wanna be
I just wanna be me I'd rather be free
I might just get a degree if not I might flee

“Wake up in the morning and I ask myself
Is this life really worth it should I blast myself?”
I’m tryna figure it out but its past my strength
Shit in due time I’ll be past my health

She said boy your rhymes is too deep
Like keep it to yourself no one give a damn about your health
Or your pain or yours scars and i know
Took me so much to realise
That you ain’t know how little you matter until you're all alone
So quit the chitta chatter results is all that matters ain’t no happy ever after
And I get it man you right but I ain’t rapping for sympathy
I’m just simply saying what's on my mind nigga I just wanna shine
Like a star in the night only problem is there a billion fucking stars in the universe
Like how you supposed to stand out when you’re used to us?
I guess you never know
They say this nigga crazy
My flow fugazi coz it can change up on you like any minute now
I fuck the instrumentals did you not get the memo?
My second Dilla beat call this shit adultery

{Hook} x2