[Verse 1: Mistah Marvel]
What if the whole world told you you were different?
Height and weight and culture and pigment?
Or language or dialect? Heavy criticism
Or your last name first name both illegitimate?
What if they told you you were gifted
And when you used your gift for uplifting
They told you you were tripping?
And to get in line, get it right, don't get it twisted
This is real life synchronized with all traditions
What if you ain't really fit in
Everywhere you fit in?
And lesser fools be blessing you? Don't you forget it
It's the Passion, it's the heart that may supersede;
Or that converts you all in all into a different breed
Listen here!
What if the life you lived was like a prophecy?
Heavy profits and prophets who prophesied the opposite?
Optimize your wallet size, you might get caught up
It's the quality of life cause there's really one quanity!
What if you tried with all might and muster?
What if you fell down and couldn't even muster
The strength to catch up or to relish with mustard?
Burger bun fools with Sesame Street luster
Identifying self without self or others
Doubts from within, even family and mother
What if trouble followed you home?
Damn, dawg, I'm in trouble
Got me ruining my rags
Got me ravishing in rubble
I'm tryin' elevate, Mom, I'm tryin' be humble
But I'm following a path that just makes my ass dumber
I'm following face-to-ass I'm just a number
But remember what the summit looks like from hot summers
Cold showers
Whole hours
Who's counting? Lost count
On a pedistool Douglas couldn't even dismount
For the wrong reasons
Guess I'm just a lost sheep and
Insomnia kick in, I guess I'm lost sleepless
In a city where a Dream became a Nightmare!
Black listed for activities that fit in right there
With traditions!
Did you listen?
Am I missing?
My ambitions
Had so much steam that my team is in the kitchen
Calling the kettel blacker Than the motherfuckin' pot
This another testimony living life. Why not?
They told me everything and my dumb ass listened
Programmed myself around a simple inhibition - MY LIFE

[Hook: Mistah Marvel]
I wish I could give you this feeling
I wish I could give you this feeling
I wish I could give you this feeling
I wish I could give you this feeling
The Pain, the Pain!
I wish I could give you this feeling
I wish I could give you this feeling
I wish I could give you this feeling
I wish I could give you this feeling

[Verse 2: Mistah Marvel]
People kept saying they want the old me back
These niggas right here they can't hold me back!
The system's supposedly made to hold me Black
So I'm sitting poker faced
I don't even wanna act on what I'm thinkin' on!
Don't ask what's in my flask
Or what the fuck I'm drinking on!
Lotta pain in my past, I'm just gettin' gone
So I'm living on a hope
And just hopin' I can cope
For another fucking week, off this last bar of soap
Niggas heard my other mixtapes and told me I was dope;
I done stood on stage, seen negativity from folks
Oh well, hurt people hurt people that's a good quote
I'm in position to cause pain, but I'm good yo!
I wrote the "Pain of Art" and heads went bobbing
The art of pain is in the pleasure in prodding and
Telling all secrets from the darkness - let it out!
And I wrote real tracks and wrote them bitches often
Yeah, this is my life from operation to coffin
From the womb to the tomb I guess I'm running out of options
This my declaration...of independence;
I'm saying fuck the world, yo
Fuck it gonna end
Social Suicide, taking another chance;
What's the worst that can happen when you feeling like the man?
What's the worst that can happen when you in higher demand?
Live my life with plenty cans, cause you can't live off of can'ts
What up?

[Hook: Mistah Marvel]
I wish I could give you this feeling
I wish I could give you this feeling
I wish I could give you this feeling
I wish I could give you this feeling
The Pain, the Pain!
I wish I could give you this feeling
I wish I could give you this feeling
I wish I could give you this feeling
I wish I could give you this feeling

[Outro]
Yeah
Yeah
I'm just hoping that you feel me
As I grow
As I live this vicious life
I'll take you there
I'll take you anywhere
Because that's where we go
Anywhere, but somewhere