[Verse I]
I woke up
Tryn'a figure why these niggas who can't rhyme for shit is shinin' since I'm the shit
It should be a musical monopoly, not just me
But all those who rock with me, honestly
I don't listen to no one, fuck the rest
I just obsess over the older musicians with such success
Was music ever this fuckin depressin'?
All this dick suckin, who's the bitch suckin, the treble clef?
Now this might offend you but let me continue
This what real men do, rappers don't rap, producers just loop
Most producers do, but who the fuck is who?
Big wigs afraid of change, too much to lose
Niggas payin niggas to chill, that's a screwed up crew
So maybe I'm screwed up too;
The dude who fucked up the system, poopin up what you chewed up in your food
Coincidentaly im shittin' when I'm writin this
I keep it funky, that's why I keep my life in this
Whatever

[Hook]
What have we done, What's going on
Where have we gone, What's going on
What are we doing, What's goin on
What's goin on, What's goin on

[Verse II]
Backlash?
Kiss my black ass
At last, rookie not afraid of mad flag
Just concerned, I'm just bein' honest
I understand I got it, honest doesn't mean modest
But if I said I like listenin to Plies and you believed me
That means you like listenin' to lies
No 50 shit, not a quick diss to get attention so I can get on and rip shit
If that was the case, I'd diss KRS, Q-Tip, Quincy
Someone who brought change to music
Since we, are the generation who changed the music
And made the music some brainless nuisance
My aim is to move this game to some new shit
Rename it Nu-Hop and bring a claim to music
It's not art anymore, it's partly a whore
We don't even know who we ARE anymore

[Hook]

(speaking over the beat)
As I stand alone in this booth with my eyes closed
I see a treble clef painted in red white and blue like the American flag, burnin’
And sometimes I feel like, we all could stop this fire from happening... But will we?
Since when did image mean anything? ...Anything??
...So what, I walk around with a big fuckin’ pair of pink headphones on my head
And have a philosophy about a video game you probably forgot about until I said something about it...

So what?
...We individuals right?

And I ain’t tryn’a run for president, I ain’t tryn’a be the new leader
I just wanna say what I feel
And if I’m condemned for saying what I feel, I’m sorry, it’s just how I feel
Let’s bring the music back man, Fuck your image, dead ass
I got a pair of kicks that probably cost more than anything I’ve ever bought in my life, I know nobody has them, and yet they wild fuckin’ raggedy
...think I give a fuck? You think I care about the fact that I can finally afford to buy my own clothes? You think that shit matter to me anymore?
Nah Man
Lets do something different man
Like stop caring about the bullshit man
You can’t have fun with material things, so stop letting that affect what you do creatively

Charles Hamilton
One