Hook
Never mind me as I walk through the valley of death
Im screaming fuck the world, until my very last breath
Will you follow? As i journey down this road of sorrow, not blessed
Don't even want to wake up tomorrow

Verse 1
I’m cursed Nobody in this world can feel my pain
I want to blow my fucking brains I’m feeling very insane depressed
Got my Glock with me tucked under my vest
So stressed, I pray to god everyday I bless
Asking god what’s the reason
Who you believe in
Break free from demons
Trying prophesize my well being
Having all these sick thoughts
Soul will never be bought
Visions of my upcoming death have been forethought
With the life I lead destined to follow
Living on borrowed time will I wake tomorrow?
Life is like a maze im trynna find my way
Many dark nights where the fuck are the better days?
Fight the.depression, Death is my obsession
Overcome the suppression, Learning through my adolescence
Lord this my confession, so much bottled aggression
I want to go to heaven can't you see but never mind me

Hook
Never mind me as I walk through the valley of death
Im screaming fuck the world, until my very last breath
Will you follow? As i journey down this road of sorrow, not blessed
Don't even want to wake up tomorrow

Verse 2
My Life full of pain and so much darkness
Growing up I was never shown love that’s why im so heartless
Life is like a game I swear you can't restart it
Suicide the ultimate choice will discard it
Will you come to my funeral and say nice things?
Will you Mourn for a while because things have changed?
My soul is deranged,  I grew up estranged
I wonder will I falter, standing at the alter  answer me father
They say you got  answers and I got question
Why am I suffering where the fuck are my blessings?
Got my second guessing, Hell is where im heading.  Where my directions to a better life
Lord can you make it right? Show me the light, Is all I really ask
Never asked for shit I just made it past
Im feeling consumed wondering will I ever bloom
Got me asking did I lose faith to soon? but

Hook
Never mind me as I walk through the valley of death
Im screaming fuck the world, until my very last breath
Will you follow? As i journey down this road of sorrow, not blessed
Don't even want to wake up tomorrow

Verse 3
With money comes the fame and the fame comes glory but before I hit that Let me tell you my story. I was Raised by a single mom, because my dad is deceased
But that ain't stop AK from fucking flowing on a beat
Take a listen to me you fake rappers are ironic
I aim to be like 2Pac Shakur truly Iconic
I feel what I’m saying and you should to
They say the sky is the limit? but we got footprints on the moon
No pen and pencil I rip the instrumental
These other rappers are so fucking simple
December 1st I dropped this tape was it coincidental?
Now asking God whats the reason
Who you believe in?