[Hook: WhoisLonny?]
Baby, Can You? Take The hurt away
Baby, Can You? Take The hurt away

[Verse 1: WhoisLonny?]
As a kid I was problematic
Bouncing off the Walls Doing Acrobatics
Erratic behavioral tactics in all my classes
Had the teacher calling up my momma
But I still passed with all honors
Cause I've never been ignorant, actually quite intelligent
Just acted that way to fit in with the other kids
But since I grew up, grew nuts and witnessed too much
At least for my own eyes, at 13 I seen a murder that, left me traumatized
I still walk by the spot in which his body lies, or where it used to lay
Cause now he in a grave, 17 you can see the innocence in his face
Ooh I'll never forget the day That body bag had took him away
That's when It hit me like Cassius Clay that life's a midget, Short
And when you die you just another statistic
Don't really make a difference if you was, white or Black
Sold jewelry or even rapped
When you gone everything you have disintegrates
And you can't bring that Shit to Heavens gates
I wonder Why we focus on Materialistic things
We can't bring with us when we die, I wonder why? I wonder Why?
I wonder why we hide behind clothes, Cause the World is cold?
And we don't wanna stand exposed and Naked
To Face this world full of hatred and faces that resemble Satan
Too... Worried about everybody else's opinion
Falling Victim to the System of conformity
I tried to fit in, but failed horribly
They like "Lonny You Talk White"
"Lonny you talk like you educated and we hate it
Cause we know you going places"
White kids like "You way too niggerish"
"And we ain't tryna hear the words coming out your nigga lips"
Damn I'm such an outcast, where the Hell would I be without rap?

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Spazzy D]
Look, 24/7 365, 5-0 sitting outside my local 5 guys
Looking for somebody resembling my size
Black skin, nappy hair, who stand about 5'9
So he can get arrested and beaten like 5 times times 5
25 to life for no crime
In No time I started to rhyme and got a head like the flip of a dime
U want 5 dimes instead like 50 cent get rich or die trying
To get all of this money but you can never buy respect
Neglect responsibility, ignorance is the enemy
Anybody that's mad at me, anger never offended me
All positive energy and Fiji, Please believe me
Life ain't what you see on TV. Wait on my CD
And to be honest it don't matter what you talk like
If you sound smart they gone always say you talk white woe