"Can't tek no more of the... We can't tek no more of the... "

Dizzee Rascal, Shy FX, dun kno
It's all too much fam...

Kids on the road start young these days
Walk street with a knife and gun these days
No fun these days
Do dirt, end up on the run these days
Whole lot of pain, suffering, and badness
Whole lot of madness
Too many grieving mothers and sadness
It ain't safe in the manor no more
Take one false step and you could get bored
Kids caught up in the hype and the nonsense
Do what they hear in the songs and the TV
Picking up bust and making up fuss for the sake of money cause it looks so easy
But they don't understand, they can't comprehend
Cause they're too caught up trying to rep their ends, for the reputation
And pass it on to the next generation

"Can't tek no more of the... We can't tek no more of the... "

We're heading in to a recession
No banks, no loans, no mortgages
One step away from a depression
Can't even work out the cause of it
But everybody gotta forfeit
Wanna buy a house but they just can't afford it
And it's so unfortunate
Money lenders are extortionate
So you gotta move in with your mates or mum
Ain't gotta place of your own, now your glum, feeling dumb
It's a crowded house and you can't have fun cause when you have sex they can hear when you cum
Gotta pay council tax and it kills
Not to mention the rent and bills
And you hate how it feels
Until... you go to the club and you pop some pills

"Can't tek no more of the... We can't tek no more of the... "

Look around everywhere is a crisis
Pure extortion at petrol prices
Cost of living is already large then they hit you with a congestion charge
8 whole sterling
Just to drive into town I'm hurting
Hole in my pocket and my wallet is burning
But I fork out from the money I'm earning
Stomach is turning
If I don't pay on the day
Gotta pay 60 pounds another day
Keeps going up every time I don't pay
Them government boy will tow it away
Still can't take the bus or the train
It's a pain in the arse and a strain on the brain
Price of a ticket is just insane
But sooner or later there's gotta be a change

"Can't tek no more of the... We can't tek no more of the... "

So much war in the world today
Too many women and kids get blown away
I say "what's the cause of it?"
Money as usual
Poor and the innocent suffer as usual
None of it's useful, just brutal
Can't understand why there can't be truth
And the government make it necessary
To put the countries obituary
Cause war pays the bills
Doesn't matter how many innocent people killed
Just as long as pockets are properly filled
And a profit is made and they can chill
Just keepin' it real
Don't wanna blow it outta proportion
But it looks like straight up extortion
So this is a caution
Don't just stand there, do something 'bout it
This is important, this is important, this is important, this is important, this is important, this is...

"Can't tek no more of the... We can't tek no more of the... "