Words and music by Dizzee Rascal
Produced by Cage

Except:

2. Words by Dizzee Rascal. Music by Cage
Features samples taken from "Think" performed by Lyn Collins, written by James Brown, used by kind permission of UME and "Spacedust" by Galactic Force Band used by kind permission of Fenwick Communicaions
Published by Hero Music / Jadar Music Corp / Intersong Music W/C

3. Words by Dizzee Rascal. Music by Dizzee Rascal and Cage
Additional guitars by Cactus Music

4. Music by Dizzee Rascal. Words by Dizzee Rascal, Bun B and Pimp C
Produced by Dizzee Rascal. Additional production by Cage
Published by Hero Music / Zomba Music Publishing

5. Words by Dizzee Rascal. Music by Footsie. Additional production by Cage

6. Flute solo by M. Herbert

7. Additional keyboards by M. Herbert

8. Words and music by Dizzee Rascal, Andre Williams and Peabo Bryson. Produced by Shy FX
Published by Hero Music / Mute Songs Ltd / Sony ATV Songs, LLC
Features a sample taken from "I've Been Down" by Peabo Bryson
Used by kind permission of Capitol Records

9. Words by Dizzee Rascal. Music by Dizzee Rascal and Cage

12. Words by Dizzee Rascal and Alex Turner. Music by Footsie and Cage
Produced by Footsie and Cage
Features a sample taken from Arctic Monkeys' "Temptation Greets You Like Your Naughty Friend"
Used by kind permission of Domino Records
Published by Hero Music / EMI Music Publishing

13. Words by Dizzee Rascal and Lily Allen. Music by Futurecuts
Produced by Futurecuts. Contains a sample of "So You Wanna Be A Boxer"
Written by Paul Williams and published by Warner Chappell
Published by Hero Music / EMI Music Publishing / Universal Music Publishing

14. Words by Dizzee Rascal. Music by Footsie. Additional production by Cage
Published by Hero Music / Copyright Control

All songs published by Hero Music (except where otherwise stated)
All tracks mixed by Cage at Belly Of The Beast / Raskit's Lair
Assisted by Alexis Smith for Belly Of The Beast / Dirtee Stank Productions
Except 8: mixed by Shy FX and T-Power and 13: mixed by Futurecuts
Mastered by Mike Hedges at the Exchange

Sleeve design and typography by Ben Drury (trust me London)
Sleeve photography by Tim + Barry

Online marketing by Friendly Piranha