[Chorus 1 - Dizzee Rascal]
I ain't gonna say it again so miss me with the games I don’t play or pretend
I ain't taking no L’s I ain't beggin' no friend and I ain't telling no tales I’m just getting revenge
I ain't gonna say it again I’ll do what they say I can't then I’ll do it again
All I do is grind hard get p and I spend, and it ain't never gonna end

[Verse 1 - Dizzee Rascal]
Sharper than a dagger
Bigger and I’m badder stand tall I don’t need a bloody ladder why they try’na act like I don’t matter why I gotta be the topic of your bloody chitter chatter why they talk about my profit like I had it on a platter why they talking like I never was a jacker, I was just another (what you sayin)
Young rapper try’na pattern up a strategy, a little bit of patter I ain't looking for a pat on the back
I want a pat and a stack, I pay a whole lot of tax and if they knew what I was stacking they would have a panic attack (woah)
You’re a small fry Imma family pack
I’m try’na stack into the sky and keep the family fat
And that’s that as a matter of fact I move like I’ve got a battery pack
And I do not lack miss me with the yackety yack
You’ll have me with your favourite rapper and I shat on the track
And you was looking for your yattie she was sat on my lap
I got the pussy on tap you’re a pussy with a strap
And I’ve seen every kinda pussy givin' me yap and get clapped
I'll tell a pussy chill and relax or get a slap
I'll slap a boy out of his slacks I got plaques but I really want a billion racks I’m like a battle axe cut through a slip in the cracks
I got this shit, ?
I’m on the victory lap I'm finicky I was a fidgety chap
They make it ring I make the thingy go clickety-clack me and ? like a delivery app
I bring the misery to all you silly slivery prats perhaps I’ve got the vision I see clear as a prism they wanna see a collision a coalition me and P Money swinging the rhythm
Were in a bigger division we seeing ? in the cut on a mission you better listen

[Chorus 2 - Dizzee Rascal]
I ain't gonna say it again so miss me with the games I don’t play or pretend (no way)
I ain't taking no L’s I ain't beggin' no friend and I ain't telling no tales I’m just getting revenge (you know)
I ain't gonna say it again I’ll do what they say I can't then I’ll do it again (uh-huh)
All I do is grind hard get p and I spend, and it ain't never gonna end I'm ten out of ten

[Hook - Dizzee Rascal]
It ain't on you it's in ya (in ya)
It ain't on you it's in ya (in ya)
It ain't on you it's in ya (what?)
Bet you know what I'm on when I spin ya (spin ya)
It ain't on you it's in ya (in ya)
It ain't on you it's in ya (and again)
It ain't on you it's in ya
Better know what you're on (get ready)

[Verse 2 - P Money]
I know why I never got the award coz I'm still putting man up in the hospital ward if I pull up in a Honda Accord
This long clip seesaw is big enough to floss ?with the sword? (wow)
I don’t know why they wanted a war I ball out with hooligans on scrappin at home and abroard you weren’t there you was home with your broad
Tell 'em when I'm cheffin' this beef I ain't messin' Gordon Rams' couldn’t handle the sauce
Big boy sets surrounded by 20 dead MC’s feelin' like I'm trapped in a morgue turn man into a corpse, bury man alive with the Fantastic Four what you expect when you man gas up a torch (go on!)
?Sets? on my arm mic in my left blade in my right never ever have my back to the doors Luke Skywalks when I cut a man with force you don’t want me battling
Batterin, when I grab a snake and rattle it
Firing so many shells for the top the ground looks like a gravel pit wanna see what I've got 'til I unravel it
Look how they stutter and babblin'
You went on backing it when it gets messy then don’t tackle it
Take whose chain I bought you ain't having it
Never caught that line but claim you're trap innit for all it's not that innit, you ain't got the belly you're chattin' it
If I left the money your grabbin' it
Skateboard MC you’ve been on the grind for years without stacking it every year attacking it that’s why I'm busy
Summer after summer (winter as well)
Everyone knows I'm busy
They dont know Dylan, but still every MC I span knows what its like to be dizzy

[Chorus 2 - Dizzee Rascal]
I ain't gonna say it again so miss me with the games I don’t play or pretend (no way)
I ain't taking no L’s I ain't beggin' no friend and I ain't telling no tales I’m just getting revenge (you know)
I ain't gonna say it again I’ll do what they say I can't then I’ll do it again (uh-huh)
All I do is grind hard get p and I spend, and it ain't never gonna end I'm ten out of ten

[Hook - Dizzee Rascal]
It ain't on you it's in ya (in ya)
It ain't on you it's in ya (in ya)
It ain't on you it's in ya (what?)
Bet you know what I'm on when I spin ya (spin ya)
It ain't on you it's in ya (in ya)
It ain't on you it's in ya (and again)
It ain't on you it's in ya
Better know what you're on (get ready)

[Verse 3 - C Cane]
Goin' for all that I'm destined
The test this proof, yeah right were your head is
I come like an electric chair in here ca' I bring shock at the end of the sentence
Test this get left back at the fences
Have you stay back like a yout in detention
Trust I been cold ready to show all you folks that I ain't the one to mess with
Or; those who oppose when I rise to this throne
I pity the fool cause I'm ready to school I prove even in my shoes you can't ever try move like me
Tailor-made, not talkin' the suit, I keep
See ?the? wave 'n'I see the tsunami
All in the name get ?whipped into shape? C -a-n-e no ?fame? know who I be
That lady givin' em hell they fought to repell but can't ca' I ?step on the spell? ??? no ?Jessica Biel? they can't ? this ? ca' I'm doing it well I ? through it the males do it I shell through it
Behind ?bars? but there isn't no bell to it
??? past anything put in my way
I want longevity not the minutes of fame
Definitive ways of talk if you want it I'm on some
Said talk if you want it I'm on job - easy
That be the silly mistake a ? mistake ca' I'm willing to aim at lames that wanna move mad
They're on it ??? a boot camp when it bores down you'll sing like Susan, trust me I take the p these pagans can't ever come against me

[Outro - C Cane]
Never
Can you i-magine?
Hoooooh my Gosh
Wow!
The audacity
They're not right in the head you know
They're just not right in the head!
What happened to these kids?
Where are your parents?!
Hey-oi, I'm so sorry, I chat so much shit