[Verse 1: Dizzee Rascal]
Everybody wants to be famous
Nobody wants to be nameless, aimless
People act shameless, tryna live like entertainers
Want a fat crib with the acres
So they spend money that they ain’t made yet
Got a Benz on tik that they ain’t paid yet
Spend their pay cheque in the West End on the weekend
Got no money by the end of the weekend
But they don’t care 'cause their life is a movie
Starring Louis V, paid for by yours truly
Truthfully, it’s a joke, like a bad episode of Hollyoaks
Can’t keep up with the cover notes
So they got bad credit, livin’ on direct debit in debt
They still don’t get it
'Cause they too busy livin’ the high life, the night life
Huggin’ the high when livin’ it large and they all say

[Chorus: Florence Welch & Dizzee Rascal]
Sometimes it seems that the going is just too rough
And things go wrong no matter what I do (That's right)
Now and then it seems that life is just too much
But you’ve got the love I need to see me through

[Verse 2: Dizzee Rascal]
Check it, yo, let me take you down to London city
Where the attitude’s bad and the weather is–
Everybody’s on a paper chase, it’s one big rat race
Everybody's got a screw face, so many two-face
Checkin' their high just like they're ready to ride
I’m on the inside looking at the–
So it’s an accurate reflection
City wide, north, east, west and the south side
Everywhere, I go there’s a goon on the corner
Guns and drugs 'cause the city’s like a sauna
And it’s getting warmer, and out of order
Tryna put a struggling mother to a mourner
Mr. Politician, can you tell me the solution?
What’s the answer? What’s the conclusion?
Is it an illusion? Is it a mirage?
I see youngens die because they tryna live large
And they all say

[Chorus: Florence Welch & Dizzee Rascal]
Sometimes I feel like throwing my hands up in the air
(Put your hands up)
I know I can count on all of you (That's right, that's right)
Sometimes I feel like saying, “Lord I just don’t care” (Woah)
But you’ve got the love I need to see me through
(Check it, check it, come on, come on)
You got the love (Who’s got the love?)
You got the love (Who’s got the love?)
You got the love (That’s right, that's right, that's right, that's right)
You got the love (Who’s got the love?)
You got the love (Who’s got the love?)
You got the love (Check it, yo)

[Verse 3: Dizzee Rascal]
Yo, we're living in the days of the credit crunch
Give me the dough, I’m tryna have a bunch
But I can't have rice for lunch
It's not there, ain't enough to share
It ain't fair, never dreamed that he could be rare
Who cares, who dares to make a change?
Everybody's in the club trying to make it rain
But not for famine, just for the sake of having
15 minutes of fame and everywhere’s the same
Again and again, I see the same thing
Everybody acting like they their plane sailin’
But I see rough seas ahead, maybe a recession
And then a depression in whatever profession
This is my confession, I can’t front, I’m in the forefront
Living for money, ready to start like a bungee jump
With no rope, but I ain’t tryna see the bottom
Because that's where I came from, I ain’t forgotten

[Chorus: Florence Welch & Dizzee Rascal]
You got the love (Who’s got the love?)
You got the love
You got the love (That’s right, that's right, that's right, that's right, and again)
You got the love (C'mon, c'mon)
You got the love (Woahhhh)
You got the love (Woo!)
Who’s got the love? Who's got the love?
Who's got the love? Come on
And again, c'mon
Sometimes I feel like throwing my hands up in the air
I know I can count on all of you
Sometimes I feel like saying, “Lord I just don’t care"
But you’ve got the love I need to see me through