Hook:
When the funk really go down
Who's really ready to ride
When the funk really go down
Who's really ready to ride

Everybody actin like they smack shit
And sell a bunch of packs
Strapped with full metal jackets
Really they be actors
Non-factors in this trap shit
Get hit with that mack
Spin 'em around backwards
Middle finger to them crackers
Nuts dragging on the pavement
If I whip out a banger, bitch, I'mma bang it
No more scary niggas squares ain't hangin
Pussies remain nameless, wishin they were famous, brainless
Dare a nigga say I ain't ride when the time came
I ain't bust mine, it must wasn't time
Crossed that line, if you touch one of mine
When it's really real, I'm the first one in line
So, when it's funk, gas up and keep your eyes open
Ridin around with no gun is how you die, though
It get trife in the town
When it go down them pussies won't be around

[Hook]

[Philthy Rich]
A nigga put 10 on my head like I ain't worth 50
Betta keep your receipts, you thinkin bout fuckin wit me
Play offense and defense, defense and offense
And no I can't sleep till that nigga in a coffin
Who really ready to ride, who really ready to slide
Like my Ice city niggas, bitches ho inside
4 5 6 shoutout bearfaced you know the real niggas regime and aj you know what it is nigga
From dogtown to 3rd world
Sem City Cypress Village
Acorn Hustalanity them niggas mobbing with us
5900 MAd Circle Free D and Tae (both locked up for murder)
11-5 , 900 , shouts out to brante
35 Shook them lame niggas, we don't name names niggas, let keep it a hunnid
Thats where you got you fame from us
First u wasn't riding
Now i guess you mobbing
Get up on these track and do a whole bunch of lying

[Hook]

[Lil Blood]
G-Lock 26, smack shit, Blood bang
3rd World, Black Gate. Bounce out and make it rain
Fuck niggas talkin out, Savi work the handthang
Real shit we keep banana clips for you orangutans
Rutger go bang bang. I’ll smack a nigga for Lil Tay
My niggas no (?) He’ll pop you up in broad day
These rap niggas boosie. Got hitters on Belushi
That will blow you out your Kufi. Rock with the baby Uzi
(?) me rock with me guns up
Lil Keith my big bruh. Got love for them Ghost Nuts
Pussy boy rap like a shotta but he fake as fuck
Fonk turned up, pussy boy wanna pass the thump
Crowd control, Terminator hold 100 drums
Dischargin, no aimin, trippin with the honey bun
Hit mission, black beanie, Black hoodie, barefaced
Just the driver and the shooter, Im the driver and the shooter


[Hook]

[Shady Nate]
When it go down, nigga ima be ready
Choppa hold 100 rounds, I call it machete
Leave a dreadhead brain look like its spaghetti
Suction on the chop, i air it out just like its a Chevy
No whistle tip
Plus my cousin Mackin got the pump with the pistol grip
Lower your tone when you’re talkin to a boss
That chip that you got on your shoulder, i’ll knock it off
And you already know what it is with the kid
So i ain't gotta speak up on the dirt I did
Omerta, The Mob. Its a code of silence
Ol studio gangsta ass nigga be lyin
Copped a handthang but never popped a damn thing
When it go down, you relying on your main man
But tell me is he gon ride for you?
When you won't ride for yourself, You think he’ll die for you?

[Hook]

[J Stalin]
Money on my mind, banger on my side
Nigga this west Oakland, we dont do them drive bys
5’s, 30 dick hangin out my shirt
Bitches can get it too. I ain't Captain Kirk
Overchargin for the work and they gon pay it
Niggas know if i ever slide through, I’m gon spray it
No sense of humor. Games i dont play em
I put some change on your head and ima pay up
Have a nigga knocked down as easy as a layup
Put you in the Black Hole boy cause im a Raider
He going in and out like a mixing fader
Laugh now cry later
Nigga i be strapped like the Terminator
Change your life, Introduce you to Al Qaeda
Serve a nigga 223’s like a waiter
Thats what we do to a player hater