[Intro: Prozak]
Tech N9ne! Prozak! King Gordy! Access Denied!

[Verse 1: Prozak]
All my life I been denied, 7th grade attempted suicide
Remained alive, isolated state of my mind
Confined to prison, my visions of multiple killing
I've tried to fit in different clinks, raps, jocks, or the chinks
So what the fuck? I'm tryin' to find a place to call my own
9th grade trial by jury, only 16 years old
Found not guilty back in '93 victim of society
Hatred and mass murder and thoughts inside of me
My mind exposed to a paradox of pain
It's all the same, player haters speakin' my name in vain
Underground rap game king
9 millimeter, brains, flames, comin' out of your veins
From Detroit to KC fuck the industry (Why?)
Because they hate me, they wanna but the can't be me
I guess that's how I'm depicted, arrested but never convicted
Prozak, King Gordy, Tecca Nina, Self Inflicted

[Hook: Prozak] (4X)
ACCESS DENIED! (Access denied! Access denied! Access denied!)

[Verse 2: Tech N9ne]
I don't make my music for no motherfucking whites
I don't make my music for no motherfucking blacks
To keep Nina's project steady runnin' of the shelfs
I make my music for my motherfucking self
Fuck the industry with a dick stuffed with Hennessey
And 151, put a torch on the tip and then bust on the enemy
Positive energy, you could not change me
You got that heat, I'll take that beat and flip it strangely
Them major labels did not know what to do with me
You knew I was crazy if you went to school with me
Created a King Kong because I sing songs
Got hoes and labels swingin' on ding dongs
World wide respected
Devil boy said we ain't kissin' no motherfuckin' ass to be accepted
That's what I'm talkin' bout, rap let's revived
You tryin' to get inside? Access denied

[Hook: Prozak] (4X)

[Verse 3: King Gordy]
How many times must you die just to live?
Suicides on your mind so you kill
Your whole life tryin' to find something real
Your whole life confined tight and sealed
Don't you lie to me Christ cause you will
Cause then I might put you right where I live
Eternal lights the nights are in hell
Soul downsized cause we blinded by shields
Spineless, you just tryin' to hide your own fears
It is priceless you are dyin' right here
Why am I crucified by my peers?
As a child tryin' to hide my own tears
I'll keep my pride despite how I feel
With the knife beside it's a thrill
Gordy, Prozak and Tech N9ne is so ill
You tried to die, access denied, please try again

[Hook: Prozak] (4X)