[Verse 1: Prozak]
Emphatic with the cinematic rapping infecting the whole planet
Vocab's like deadly pathogens attacking and inhabiting
Before you know what's happening
These punchlines will blast you like a cannon to your abdomen and
I'm still adamant that tandem will manage the balance
Between the amateurs and rappers above from the average
But the stature ain't enough for happily ever after
You gotta make a living at it to support your passions
You see the life of an artist that struggles hardest
But the hardest lyrics come from the struggle, just gotta harvest it
You gotta take the good, the bad, somehow just make it work
Lets take a second and just contemplate the universe
You get it? Nah, fuck it. Neither do I
Life's a mystery that defies all logic, it don't apply
Homie, you can't see the truth, get the proof of a closed mind
Gotta stay true to the path that'll happen in due time

[Hook: Prozak]
Demon
Demon
Demon

[Verse 2: Godemis]
Uh! Yeah! Deevil!
I ain't complaining I came in the game blind
A little overzealous, afraid at the same time
They gunning for a spot, they ain't coming to claim mine
And from over here it would appear clear they ain't trying
You brave enough to give it up and start another chapter (Yeah!)
You really think the planet needs another fucking rapper? (Eh-uh!)
I let this shit swell around in you head homie
I'm writing this out of habit I'm in it for bread only
I feel the need to be on point like a needle
Everyone is a liar and everybody is evil (Come on!)
The rap game's a construct for us to be fucked in
You hope to make a living on your back, well good luck friend (Yeah!)
I finally found a motive I'm motivated
Based on what I'm told, I'm totally overrated (Come on!)
Could everyone who loves this suddenly grow to hate it
But still somehow show up to the show hoping to fake it?

[Hook: Prozak, Godemis & Ubiquitous]
Demon
Demon
Demon
(Deevil)
I wage war within

[Verse 3: Ubiquitous]
Yeah!
I'm past tense, past sins, past dividends
I'm past money, past friends, past innocence
I've been above and below but now I'm past influence
I passed by an astral passage passed into it
Last night, it felt like a past life, it's seldom I act right
I stumbled then I fell and collapsed like, ah!
A butterfly knife, the sum of my life
My vision blurred, sun in my eyes, it's numbing my sight
Like what am I, the garbage disposal? I stomach this mess
Now stick your mitt in, I shred the shit until nothing was left
So I question your fundamentals
Press to market the vocal
Your target was shelves in Target
My target was selling global
Damn!
Maybe I need to meditate more
Manifesting and let it take on form et cetera
These days more than ever before I wage war within
But never seem to change score or win
CES!

[Hook: Prozak, Godemis & Ubiquitous]
Demon
Demon
(Maybe I need to meditate more)
Demon
(War within)
(I wage war within)