[Intro]
Yeah
Yeah, um
Uh
Ladies and gentleman
Yeah
Whew, that drip
Yeah, okay

[Verse 1]
Writin' on writer's block, haven't slept in days
They wanna put me in the psycho watch, everyone's afraid
Of what I do inside my studio, worried I'ma lose control
They rufflin' my feathers and they shuffling the Yu-Gi-Oh! (Yu-Gi-Oh!)
Execution flow, at your neck like new cologne
Uno, dos, bitch, I'm in your head like Freddy Krueger though
My brain fried, always chasing the same high
I'm too fucked up to function, do nothin' but waste time
Woke up annihilated, lyin' on the pavement
Covered in items I regurgitated under a fire escape
And I know that it's Friday, 'cause every Friday they have a parade
In-front of city hall, hear 'em celebrate, they havin' a ball
My pupils dilated, highly dehydrated, I'm lost inside a giant matrix
Isolate myself from eyes I find contagious
Jump above the comedown
I'm strung out and nodding off inside the dugout

[Chorus]
Don't be scared, just come with me, yeah
Feels so good to feel this free
What are you afraid of? Tell me what you made of
What are you afraid of? It's just a little angel dust!
La da da da da da da da
La da da da, la da da (Just a little angel dust!)
La da da da (Yeah,) la da da da (Yeah)
La da da da, ayy (It's just a little angel dust!)

[Verse 2]
Yeah
I'm playing hot potato on a Winnebago
The chips are stale, they taste okay though when they dipped in queso
And what's an angel with a missin' halo?
She will drop out of school to take a trip to DayGlow
Found a twenty laying by the sewer rats
You know little Stewart hasn't been in any movies lately
He's spent his paychecks on cocaine and latex
His agent workin' hard to try and book him a commercial
What I do should not concern you, do this 'til I turn blue
Not Eric Sermon, I'm more Merlin, curses turn 'em into bird food
Hurry to make the first move, I'm walking like Herschel
And now we at the end of verse two, oh

[Chorus]
Don't be scared, just come with me, yeah
Feels so good to feel this free
What are you afraid of? (Woo!) Tell me what you made of (Yeah)
What are you afraid of? It's just a little angel dust!
La da da da da da da da (Yeah)
La da da da, la da da (Said it's just a little angel dust!)
La da da da, la da da da
La da da da, ayy (Just a little angel dust!)

[Outro]
Don't fuck with the angel dust
Don't fuck with the angel dust
Please don't fuck with the angel dust
Oh, please don't fuck with the angel dust!
Aw shit