[Skit: DJ Clockwork]
Yo, I'm fucking zooted right now in the fucking bathroom, dog. And, you know what I'm saying, I'm just recording this shit cause I feel like I got so much fucking shit to say and like, you know what I'm saying, this is the only way that I'ma get it out

[Intro]
Yeah, can I get the littlest bit of reverb on my voice?
I'm trying to hide from something, I just don't know what
Oh, it's not sad baby, you know
(Between heaven and hell)
Yeah, um, I saw a mountain, you know across the horizon
When I got there realized it was just a pile of rocks
Yeah, so God damn

[Verse 1]
I wonder if everybody hope
That this song is not depressing as the last one was
Cause Heaven smell like Nag Champas
Come here darling, ash my blunt (Smoke)
Waiting on hallucination, ain't a single fact I trust (No)
Dear family, my sanity go down when my cash go up
Rap too much, how the fuck to get through the verse
I came from house parties
Find a bitch and go through her purse
All I need is a little good pussy and whole lot universe
I met God before I ever stepped into a church
And that motherfucker still owe me money
Ohhh I need a religion to follow
I swear to God that I got more problems
Than there is bitches in Carlow
Lord have Murciélago, yeah
And I don't know how the fuck I'm supposed
To look into my parents eyes when I'm scared to die
My eyes same color as a cherry pie
Woah, see I'm terrified
Crucifix heavy, who gon' carry mine?
Yeah, what's with all this talk about Hell and Satan
And sleep deprivation
If this is planet Earth, then my hell's a basement

[Hook]
Ascension
A brand new me
Yeah, yeah
Why you wanna do me like that, Miss Conception?
Between heaven and hell
What's between heaven and hell?
A brand new me
Oh it's a brand new me

[Verse 2]
Okay, if I could tell these kids one thing
Just make sure handle your business
A criminal leave no witness
And don't ever trust these bitches
What happened to your life when your house become a home
Where your children at? Where your children at?
You got two sons, all they do is fight
You up through the night like gimme-gimme-gimme that
Yeah, nice titties, got a pic, go and send me that
Sendak books, can you give her that?
Fuck rap, make a million off a shitty app
Yeah, smoke trees in the cab
Pittsburgh, show you where the city at
And don't forget that H, get you smacked in your face
Got so many sons, I was young, now they half my age
90K out in Portugal, smile on my face, backlit stage
My bitch batshit crazy and that shit fascinates me
Yeah, on my tongue where the tab is
And it burn like battery acid
I was in the backs of my classes
By the kids having asthma attacks
Cause he panicked every single time he sat on his glasses
Every Wonderland have a Alice
Yeah, but I'm a king God can I have a chalice
I'm demanding the truth, put your hands to the roof
Be a man, that's a challenge

[Hook]
Ascension
(Challenge, are you up for that challenge)
A brand new me
Yeah, yeah
(Yeah, everybody got to have balance)
Why you wanna do me like that, Miss Conception?
Between heaven and hell (Salvation)
What's between heaven and hell?
(And the underworld, welcome to Heaven
But I gotta keep that bitch waiting)
A brand new me (Fascinating)
Oh it's a brand new me
(And that's fascinating, please be a little patient)

[Outro]
Ooh, I ain't a doctor, could you be a little patient?
Yeah, be a little patient
Everything will be okay then, if you be a little patient
One world, one nation, done waiting
Yeah, yeah, um
Now I'm still sipping moonshine
We discovered a new high, me and Jerm done this a few times
Yeah, but who's high now
(I can't believe I done changed my life around)
Talk a lot of shit but will you die now
(I been wanting to cry over this shit. Every day I think about fucking dying)
What you gonna do when everybody die out, just go die out
Let's ride out