[Intro]
Open your legs
Say yeah, share, say yeah, share, say yeah

[Hook: Kendrick Lamar + Delusional Thomas (Mac Miller)]
Hearts on my timeline, bullet to your rose
Then I watch your petal fold
Don't you know your body been mine?
I know you know I know
Sexy, nasty, have no guideline
One day, four times
You don't mind that I don't care (pleasure, pleasure...)
Your divinity has turned me into a sinner
God is fair (pleasure, pleasure...)
And your beauty can even make hell have a winter

[Verse 1: Mac Miller + Kendrick Lamar]
Yeah and a freak mind is divine so we fuck from behind
On these sides, between thighs, I eat up
Why do, why do anything but trust myself?
Tried to give her up but she fuck so well
Man that bitch so cold, man that bitch so cold
I'ma take my time, I'ma hit that slow
'Cause I ain't in a rush young girl
You're the only thing for me in this fucked up world
And do you believe in love?
Hold on tight when demons come
It'll be alright, no need to run
Stay with me tonight, we'll see the sun
And when we wake up early we'll still be young
Never felt this free before
I need you more than keys and doors
I need you sleepin' next to me
The blanket sheets, I'll take them all and keep you warm
Yeah and I teach her that we were the creatures of love
You be the leader, I could be Julius Caesar
When I'm pullin' up in the Beamer
The beats in the trunk, all the freaks wanna fuck

[Hook: Kendrick Lamar]
Hearts on my timeline, bullet to your rose
Then I watch your petal fold
Don't you know your body been mine?
I know you know I know
Sexy, nasty (sexy, nasty)
Have no guideline (have no guideline)
One day, four times
You don't mind that I don't care (pleasure, pleasure...)
God is fair (pleasure, pleasure...)

[Verse 2: Mac Miller]
I need to feel your touch
You shy, you don't reveal too much
No lies, don't hide yourself at all
With you, I just can't help but fall
It's true, and I'll try everything
Girl you're, my sexy nasty, thing
She been getting faded all the time, flap your wings
I been getting stoned all week
It make me go too deep
Girl you so lonely, will you come home with me?
Just take your clothes off babe
Know that we been talkin' on the phone all day
I love it when you tell me that you don't behave
Tell me when and where, I bet I won't be late
All I really wanna do is procreate
I'm a Superman, you'll be my Lois Lane
Know you late for work, you stayin' home today
We gon' keep on goin' 'til our bones both break
It's the grown folk way, yeah

[Hook: Kendrick Lamar]
Hearts on my timeline, bullet to your rose
Then I watch your petal fold
Don't you know your body been mine?
I know you know I know
Sexy, nasty (sexy, nasty)
Have no guideline (have no guideline)
One day, four times
You don't mind that I don't care
God is fair

[Piano Interlude: Robert Glasper]

[Outro]
Hello, I would like to tell you about my love affair with my husband and the wonderful ways that we were able to understand each other and find out about each other. We got to know each other little by little living very close in the same building and he would help me with things and I would see him and think "what a cute guy" and he was a cute guy. And it was just little by little we got to know, just to say hello. One day I invited him to a party and I had heard so much about him, people respected him, and he was good to everybody, he knew, people he worked with all adored him. And it was something so important, the respect that you have for somebody, for me was the most important. Being attracted to him and being...finding people respected him and I respected him. I love the fact that he sensed how my feelings were, and I learned to understand and respect and see his feelings and understand his feelings ahead of time...

So, it was so very easy to be together and look forward to being together and our love affair just blossomed the more we saw each other and the more we were together, we learned more and more about each other. After a short period of time we became engaged and had a very small intimate wedding with just family and very close friends, the friends we continued to have for the rest of our life and then came two adorable little boys. And...my husband just adored my daughter and adored the two boys, and I feel I just gave him a wonderful life. A good marriage and a wonderful family and I know he really had a beautiful life and I did too. And how important it is to love, respect and care for each other.