[Intro]
Yeah
Bum-ba-da-bum-bum (Yeah)
Yeah (Yeah)
Okay

[Verse 1]
There's a birthday party happening upstairs (Where?)
And it's all for me, who the fuck cares? (Fuck it)
They don't notice if I never go and show my face (Face)
They just looking for a reason they can celebrate (That's okay)
I hate to waste the vanilla cake that they made for me (Tasty)
I tell the same stories, they pretend they never heard 'em (Boring)
I'll just lay down here inside the studio (Uh-huh)
Doing blow and paraphrasing The Crucible (Witch!)
If you fucking with the God, that's a funeral (Kill 'em)
Lose your soul, I’m witcha longer than your student loans (Woah)
Who got the ecstasy pills? I need a few to roll (Raw)
I'm a real drug addict, homie, you should know
Somebody please tell Jimmy to put the pistol down (Stop man! Please, please, please! Please!)
He's serious this time, he's gonna kill me now (Bapapapapam! Aaah!)
He'll regret it when I hit the ground (What did I do!?)
For now, everybody gather round

[Chorus]
It's happy birthday! (Woo)
It's a birthday party! (Yeah)
Yeah, happy birthday! (Sing me a motherfucking song)
It's your birthday party! (Sing me a motherfucking song)
Yeah, happy birthday! (Yeah)
It's your birthday party! (Come on!)
Happy birthday (Come on! Come on!)
Yeah, happy birthday! (Come on! Come on!)
Yeah, okay

[Verse 2]
Happy birthday, (Thanks)
How the fuck you feel? (Good!)
Do you ever sit and wonder what is real? (Huh?)
Do you ever reach to touch her but there's nothing there? (There)
Do you tell her that you love her but she doesn't care? (Care)
Does she tell you that you hurt her and you're unaware? (No!)
Did you hear about a heaven now you running there? (Go!)
Do you think about the fantasy and make-believe? (Okay)
Do you cover up your eyes, you can't wait to see? (Look)
Lately, I've been having strange dreams (Uh-huh)
Paranoid they hate me, everybody think I'm crazy
Baby, can you take me somewhere where the sky blue? (Uh-huh)
You can lead the way, I promise I'll be right behind you (Let's go, let's go, let's go)
I do see myself as iconic (Yah!)
Getting high my downfall it's kinda ironic
Like a condom they on it (Woah!)
Got 'em in my pocket (Woah!)
No time to worry, hurry up and light the candles
Everybody (Woo!)

[Chorus]
It's happy birthday! (Woo)
It's a birthday party! (Sing me a motherfucking song)
Yeah, happy birthday! (Sing me a motherfucking song)
It's your birthday party! (Everybody sing along!)
Yeah, happy birthday! (Sing me a motherfucking song)
It's your birthday party! (Everybody sing along, come on!)
Happy birthday (Come on!)
Yeah, happy birthday! (Come on! Come on! Come on! Come on!)

[Outro]
Woo!
Happy birthday
To you
Happy birthday
To you
Happy birthday
To you
To you