[Intro: WilkJayy]
(This is Wonderlust, right?)

[Verse 1: WilkJayy]
In 08' I was still in private school nigga
But the days flew by, everyday another high
Goodbye to the suttle little knuckleheaded
Young motherfucker who a fool nigga
But his brother's in jail so he don't know better
Said he don't know better
But he a go-getter, flow better than Rosetta Stone
Ever better embedded into my chromosomes
Dome rock cause' the tape drop soon, in a blue moon
Or two but who are you to critize what I'm mobilizing
Legitimize it, super size it, memorize bits and pieces of the
Love back in the day. Back in the gray, back when everything was fuck what you say
Duck and a sway, missing all the hits in life, strife pounding at the back door, black floor boards cover up the ceilings tiles
It's a mystery
But so is chivalry and it's disappearance because of interference with the young and free lifestyle
Either way my young life wild, it's like a time trial
Got another mile before I reach the time limit
So I gotta' dive in it but the water too deep, shit. (Shit)
But we still out here swimming, still winning, taking other niggas women like a whole new beginning
Is it a whole new beginning? Swear it's a whole new beginning Then, why aren't we little kids again?
Why isn't there a high school that I can still attend?
Why does everything in life offer some discontent?
Why do I no longer ever need my parent's consent?
I swear it's because I'm  in college. Suppose to have more knowledge about the shit that I do
Swear that's never true nigga. (nigga)

[Bridge: Mac Miller]
(I've been drowning with this shallow soul
Shallow soul, shallow soul.)
(You are drinking from a shallow soul
Shallow soul, shallow soul.)


[Verse 2: WilkJayy]

And we back, but only back for a spell
Because your life is so short before you're going to hell
Or heaven. Or even Cair Paravel
Walk through the wardrobe and start being yourself
Conform to the normal as if someone can tell
A storm is reforming you can tell by the swell
Embellish Miguel, ship off to the cartel
Come back with no slack or getting saved by the bell. (ah-huh)
We going back to the genesis
Simple minded seventh grade sheltered souls saying sentenses
That was us man, vans skating by the van
With no plans, just advancing in our own expanse
No chance in hell of getting anywhere
But did we want to get anywhere?
We had it all in the world, all in the world
Did we want to get anywhere?
Because now we gotta' grow up and show up to the workplace
It's weird we were the young ones, and we getting replaced
(It's fucking weird man, I'm serious)
Coming into see a lot of old faces
Past life knew em' on a first name basis
New ones persuasive, finally my mind off to the races
Leave me in homeostasis, never gotta' leave so that's probably
Why I hate this
Never gotta leave so that's probably why I hate shit

[Outro: Mac Miller]
(I've been drowning with this shallow soul
Shallow soul, shallow soul.)
(You are drinking from a shallow soul
Shallow soul, shallow soul.)