[Part 1: Perfect Circle]

[Intro]
Woo-ooh-ooh
Ooh-ooh

[Verse 1]
(Fuck you) I came for whoever is in charge
I suggest you go and get yourself a weapon and a guard
They need some coffee, everybody’s sleeping on me
Going around door to door, setting off alarms
All that horse shit, you should have left it at the barn
Keep a stallion, tell her gallop to the store and get cigars, yeah
Too many whips, gotta get a new garage made
I might steal one just to drive it in a car chase
Me and my bizarre ways (Lord have mercy)
I moved up from a Private to a Sergeant
You can see it from a scar face
Hidden in a dark place, swimming in the shark tank
Give a bitch a little bit of change, she a game in an arcade
(Time crisis) Not a second to lose
I’m the motherfuckin' Bible, that’s forever the truth
And this is not another case of the celebrity blues
The devil with me and he tell me to shoot

[Hook]
Murder, murder, murder, what would you do?
Have you ever had to hurt her? Just for something to do
Can you draw a perfect circle?
Lot of lies cover the truth, you got options, what do you do?
I wash these pills down with liquor and fall
Leave it to me, I do enough for us all (I do)
Got what you need if you like breaking the law
My mother raised me a God (Hey)
(Fuck you)

[Verse 2]
Yeah, blame the drugs, got me sinning on the weekday
Drunk as fuck, doing buck sixty on the freeway
Giving y'all the freebase, hidden in the middle of a briefcase
Hidden in a subwoofer, beat case
Used to wanna know how a freak taste
Now I’m in it in an instant like replay
Broad’s a baton, pass it off like relay
Why I’m so mad on my B-Day?
She say “I thought you got sober”
And I say “I wish you’d stop being a bitch
And get to minding your business”
Told me “Money has changed you”
I get to thinking, how rarely do I visit?
How’d I get so egotistical? I’m a Buffalo Soldier
Heaven is a mile away, the trouble, much closer
I’m only twenty-three but my mind is older, and it’ll forever be
Dead presidents to the homies, death to my enemies

[Hook]
Murder, murder, murder, what would you do?
Have you ever had to hurt her? Just for something to do
Can you draw a perfect circle?
Lot of lies cover the truth, you got options, what do you do?
I wash these pills down with liquor and fall
Leave it to me, I do enough for us all
Got what you need if you like breaking the law
My mother raised me a God (Hey)
(Fuck you)

[Bridge: Ab-Soul & Mac Miller]
A goddess told me “good morning” when I woke up
(Fuck you)
You know I had a good morning when I woke up
(Fuck you)
Gotta thank God every morning then I woke up
(Fuck you)
Would you remember me if I never woke up?
Bye bye (Fuck you)
I've been a sinner, I’m just tryna stay
Warm through the winter, and I’ll be on my way
I’m just a drifter, in endless seas of whispers
I just need some shelter, give me shelter from the wind

[Refrain]
Woo-ooh-ooh
Ooh-ooh
Woo-ooh-ooh
Ooh-ooh

[Interlude: Transition]
Your call has been forwarded to an automatic voice message system
412-9…. [buttons dialed] is not available

[Miller McCormick]
“Hey man, I wish you were here, happy holidays
Uhm, I love ya. And I hope you have a good night / weekend
/ I hope I talk to you soon, alright, godspeed”

[Part 2: God Speed]

[Verse]
Oh yeah, I thought I’d have it figured out by now
Shit would be simple, problems would be in the past by now
Me and the homies would be sitting on millions
Reminiscing on times when we were so broke
And living in Oakland just chillin'
I thought I’d have it in the bag by now
I thought that we’d be kicking back by now
I know that life is a bitch, I know that life is a bitch
I thought we’d put her in a cab by now
But I’m stressing, I can’t relax
I swallow my pride and I’m hiding what’s making me mad
Everybody saying I need rehab
'Cause I’m speedin' with a blindfold on and won’t be long
Until they watching me crash
And they don’t wanna see that
They don’t want me to OD and have to talk to my mother
Tell her they could have done more to help me
And she’d be crying saying that she’d do anything to have me back
All the nights I’m losing sleep, it was all a dream
There was a time that I believed that
But white lines be numbing them dark times
Them pills that I’m popping, I need to man up
Admit it’s a problem, I need a wake up
Before one morning I don’t wake up
You make your mistakes, your mistakes never make ya
I’m too obsessed with going down as a great one
But if you wait too long, they go find someone to replace ya
So I guess this is a letter, to all my brothers, Most Dope, that’s forever
I love you more than words could express
And this the part that Q start crying, if he ain’t already yet
I did my best to be a leader you respect
At times I became weaker, got defeated by regret
So tell my baby I love her
And if she give me the chance I’ll put a seed inside her, make her a mother
Just know that there’s a place
Where all my people worry free and everybody straight
Every devil don’t got horns, every hero ain’t got capes
Opened up my eyes, shit, I’m finally awake, Good morning
Yeah, good morning

[Interlude: Outro]
Yo Vin, it’s the morning, you gotta go to work
“alright”
Yo, you gotta be at work in like ten minutes, yo
(You good?)
“I’m straight, yo what’s good?” (when you going?)
You gotta pick up the dry cleaning and shit still?
“man, fuck that shit, I’ll skip”
You bout to go to work?
“mmm”
Ight, what time you gotta be at work?
“I don’t know…. soon”
You Democrat or Republican?
“Uuhh…I don’t know anymore”
Would you vote for a female president?
“I don’t care what gender or race you are”