[Intro]
Aye, wassup, boys? This is Mr. Krane, hop up in my car and tell my chaffeur to the top, bitch!

[Verse 1]
My name K-RZA, who the fuck are you?
The modern rap GZA, king of the YouTube
Don't think about future, and who the fuck cares?
You little ki-ke-dy-ke bitches hate me when I swear
You want me to apologize? Go suck your doggy's dick
Get lots of threats in my address, my rhyme so fucking sick
And I'm so ill, I am like Pirlo spitting free kick
Or like Mr. Shady, put your muthafuckin' ass to sleep
It's time to start the adult life, join the big rich town, break your fucking neck, hijack the crown
Get drunk every fucking day, see me naked, bitch? Press the play
I'm a sick muthafucka that is rated R, please believe, I wanna become a real star
I want to shine witta muthafuckin' bottle and a gun, aw, shit, you fuckin' scratch my scar!
I put a piece of yayo in my nosehold, you put my homie d-down your throat
I'm drowning in my swimming pool, please let me fucking go ba-back to school
Aw, fuck it, here comes time for hook, you gotta fucking hear it, bitches, look
You see my trophies, you see my chain? I won them all, cuz I'm Mr. Krane!

[Hook]
I'mma fuck the world, you can put this in your lap
Rap until my lips go numb, I ain’t plan on looking back
If you take my phone I'mma throw you on the carpet
Take you out and throw you in the cage, there you can starve, bitch
I'mma fuck the world, you can put this in your lap
Rap until my lips go numb, I ain’t plan on looking back
If you take my phone I'mma throw you on the carpet
If you take my papers I'mma mark you as a target, bitch

[Verse 2]
All I do is win so I don't think I shoulda back down
Take a final bow, take out my gun and blow your jam, fowl
Spoil my reputation with some murders of the fan-suckers
That came to my party looking like some hipsta-muh-fuckas
I crack another Jackey bottle, pour it up, light a bluntie, seduce a model
Rough sex, ass-rape, this bitch wanna blow up my tape
Get paid every fucking night, you the realest, you know what I like
PS4, G5 Jet, fly as hell, you know what I get
Got 100 problems and a bitch ain't one, she got a diamond, I got a gun
The massacre nearby the church - the best destiny this fucking world deserves
I'm sure I gotta burn in hell - but 'fore that I go to Cluckin' Bell
Take that hu-ge 45, take a mic and say the shit you like
"I started from the bottom, now I run the game, got money, guns, sluts, friends & fame
I ain't leaving, bitch, ain't playing, I keep it rappin', you know what I'm saying?
Let's throw the party, twerk it from left to the right, you gotta make my Goldie sh-shi-ne bright
Your host for evening is Mr. Krane, and I say "Fuck you!", have a nice day, biatch!"

[Hook]