[Intro]
Yo, you already know what it is man
TreeJ
Mother fucking grow op!
Ladies and gentlemen, I go by the name of Mac Miller
And I’mma start rapping to yall' in a second but..
I gotta' light this first
You know that’s important!
It’s mother fucker 4/20
I’d like to wish you all a happy holiday
I want you to put this in, turn it on
Have some pre rolls ready
And don’t stop smoking till the shit is done man!
The man Big Jerm on the beat
TreeJ smoking icon
I’mma tell you one time man
I ain’t gonna tell you again
Are you all fools who think you smoke
I put you up against my man TreeJ
I bet you fifty thousand dollars he will smoke more than the table
That’s real, holla' at me
Alright, so let’s see!

[Verse 1]

Uh, uh, yeah
Still blowing trees like a hurricane
And I knock a pussy out with my herbal stra
Still blowing trees like a hurricane
And I knock a pussy out with my herbal straa
Hey, yeah, yeah!
Still blowing trees like a hurricane
And I knock a pussy out with my herbal strain
Have em fast asleep
Look at them laughing like passed that weed
Haven’t made a weed song in a minute though
Cause I’ve been gettin' dough, now it’s back to getting smoked
Have her mother fucking high on her tippy toes
And zip a O, Now you’re smoking with a pro
So what you know about that?
You smoke weed, what you know about wax?
Aha, you’re cooking it up
At the airport GSA looking at us
You used to smoke that dirt you couldn’t adjust
When you had to hit that Kush
You were used to the bush like W. George
Come with this killer and I promise that you gonna end up sitting in the morgue
Most dope blow the most smoke that’s a fact bitch
Plus my obsession with a blunt, thats a fat bitch
Why you’re smoking on that rap shit?
Why you even have it? Pillow tight weed on my mattress
You now rocking with TreeJ, clockwork the DJ
Smoking another after that, replay
Most dope mother fucker is to grow up
My weed stinking like Justin, with no socks
Yeah, I’mma show off, probably high I'm mad as fuck
I’ll give him bars, and Bugs Bunny, and Duffy Duck
What you’re looking at, mother fucker?
Pass the blunt!
Lucky ass bitch video, where is it cut, cut, cut, cut
Like a 80 dough, these other crew smoke less than a 80 though
Find me smoking blunts with Fran and Vinny radio
Best to come up, smoke until the sun is up
Light another blunt! Yeah mother fucker is the grow op!