[Part 1: The Star Room]

[Intro: Mac Miller]
This next song right here is called the Star Room
Its how i open up my album, man
Yeah eah ah ah, ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah
This song is the moment you stop lying to yourself, alright?

Hallelujah, thank God I have a future
Prayin’ I don’t waste it gettin’ faded
Cause I’m smokin backwoods till I’m coughin’ up tar
Through the surge, energy curve like a lumbar
I don’t act hard, I still read Babar
Trippin’ out, lookin’ at a bunch of Google map stars
They got a app for that

[Verse 1: Mac Miller]
But me, I’m still trapped inside my head, it kinda feel like it’s a purgatory
So polite and white, but I got family who would murder for me
Think I’m living paradise, so would I have to worry ’bout?
Dealing with these demons, feel the pressure, find the perfect style
Making sure my mom and dad are still somewhat in love
All these backfires of my experiments with drugs
And I experience the touch of my epiphany in color form
The difference between love and war inform me – I’m above the norm
But, give me anybody though
I’ll gladly chew his face off, them bath salts
Rhyming like it’s summertime on asphalt, hot
Haven’t picked a major label, think I’m blackballed
I still don’t got the heart to pick my phone up when my dad calls
Will he recognize his son when he hears my voice?
I put this music against my life, I think I fear the choice
And I don’t know what I’m running from, but I’m running still
I conversate with acquaintances, but it’s nothing real
I’m from a city that you hear and think a bunch of steel
So a hundred mills wouldn’t make me sign a fucking deal
Money kills, that’s the truth, it’s called the root of evil
But I want that Rolls Royce that the homie Lennon drove
So, if you ain’t talkin’ bout some money I’mma send you home
Unconventional, special but unprofessional
Adolescent expression that’s letting me meet these centerfolds
As troubles fill my mind capacity, I let them go
If I was Johnny Depp in Blow, I would let it snow
That’s just me all wilding out and being extra, though

[Interlude: Mac Miller]
I wonder if I lost my way
I wonder if i lost my wa-ay
Did I lose my wa-a-a--a-ay?
My wa-ay
Did I lose my way?
My way, yeah
Aye, uh come on, come on, come on, come on
S-San Diego, come on, come on
So can you feel it?
Said, can you feel it?
Said, can you feel it?!
Let's Go!
Woo!

San Diego, California. We gon' start this one like this:

[Part 2: Killin’ Time]

[Verse 1: Mac Miller]
Said, I’m posing a question
How many been empty and holding aggression?
Close to depression, open your eyes and just focus a second
Fuck a reccession my brother
My mind is my weapon I’m letting it go
Know that I’m pointing at negative energy, telling me stop
They’re telling me no
Your aura is something you ain’t even sure of
Explore the core of California, hoes got more to snort up
I’ve had a smorgasbord pornographic thought
That’s a lot, the feeling come after the shock
Praise me I’d rather you not, cause
It’s driving me crazy
The fact that you pay to make me into something I love
You come to the club searching for drugs, drunk
Fucking these sluts
God loves me, what if he does, what does it mean?
You’re wasting away doing nothing, you’re fronting
Why ain’t you chasing your dreams?
We wonder ’bout life but none of us willing to learn
The money we earn is something to burn
Why won’t they give me a turn–out?
Feed the hungry and clothe the naked
You’re mistaken the world is cold and it’s lonely ain’t it
When ‘em high roller homes in Vegas
Raid them with some home invasions
Contaminating the place with plague, we just saved the day
I waste away in a room spitting these raps
Yahweh put the world in my hands and I’m giving it back, Tay

[Hook: Tay Walker]
It's a gift
Our, our time to be alive
No earthly vehicle
Can contain this drive
It's a gift
Our, our time to be alive
No earthly vehicle
Can contain this drive

[Verse 2: Mac Miller]
Okay, forfeit in the war, he lays a sword down and walks away
Grabs a 40 from the corner store and begins to contemplate
Dealing with death like you work in the morgue observing the souls
Forgotten, he lost his way
Starring down that barrel, thinking not today
Life’s so precious, said Lord knows life is so precious
Fight to the death, til’ there’s nobody left
You’re holding your breath because you might get infected
Minimalistic, instinctively thinking of getting ballistic
Be specific, to those in control we all statistics
Misogynistic with a twisted mind, I’m intertwined
My trigger finger itching, all I kill is time (*gunshot*)
Initial symptoms is schizophrenic behavior
The mind is like religion, can’t agree on who’s its savior
The newest flavor of superhero, I’m shooting lasers
Except I’m cool with Vader
And blowing up rooms that’s full of strangers
A news anchor, the youth can relate to, it’s nature
If you a hater, I’ll deal with you later, no thank you
I’m just your neighbor, please don’t do me no favors
Said, really doe, come on homie we major
I waste away in this room spitting out raps
Yahweh put the world in my hands and I’m giving it back, Tay

[Hook: Tay Walker]
It's a gift
Our, our time to be alive
No earthly vehicle
Can contain this drive
It's a gift
Our, our time to be alive
No earthly vehicle
Can contain this drive

[Outro: Mac Miller]
One, two, one two, three everybody put your hands up!
Get em up, so put your hands up!
Get em up, so get em up!