Ooh~
Baby, baby, baby yeah
Baby, baby, baby yeah
I know girl, girl, yea yea
I see you lookin' good
Wearin' that T-shirt
And nothin' else but some fuckin' panties
Your ass cheeks bouncin off each other
Like they don't get along
But I'mma make 'em love each other
I'mma make them become the best of friends
Those ass cheeks girl
Them ass cheeks like, twins
Which one was born first, baby?
Said which one is older, and by how many minutes?
Girl your ass cheeks've got a mind of their own
Which one had better SAT scores, girl?
I don't know
I don't know
Baby, if your ass had a face
What expression would it be making when
I put my tongue inside that asshole and lick around like
I'm tryna have some shitty soup
Girl, fuckin' with you is like
Fuckin' with a girl with a nice ass
That's a lot of ass
An don't forget about them titties, girl
Don't forget about them nipples, no!
They get hard when I rub 'em gently
And pinch 'em just a little bit
But I ain't tryna hurt you, girl
No, I don't wanna hurt you, girl
Unless you talk about the way that
Your pussy gon' be hurtin' after I get done with it
Girl, I'm just tryna have some fun with it
You ain't nothin' but a slutty ass ho
Who fucks every rapper that comes to your city
But goddamn you so pretty
When that ass is in leggings, girl
It don't matter the pattern, or if they're just solid black
Oh, I want that ass you've got that pack
I ain't talkin' bout no cellulite
I'mma tell you, right baby, we gon' have a swell night
And I don't know if you've ever seen something like me
When I pull out my dick, girl
I plan on fuckin' you so good
Damn I hope you like the way my dick feels
Put it in your mouth, girl
Don't you dare bite my shit
Cause I'll punch you in the motherfuckin' face
I'll hit a bitch
Ohhh I'll hit a bitch
But if you suck my dick good then we can get along
Might even put the head in this song
Probably not ooh, probably not
Girl how does my dick taste after a show
When I still haven't showered?
You suck on my balls, you a champion
Girl, you a champion girl, you a champion baby, baby
You and me nobody wants us to be together, baby
But it's okay
I'mma fuck you anyway
And I heard that Kendrick fucked ya
I heard that Rocky fucked ya
I hear that every single rapper
That been in your city this month fucked ya
But you still wouldn't fuck Schoolboy Q and I feel ya
But baby, you can love me right
And I know that your money's tight
And I ain't gonna give you shit
But a meal and a glass of Henny and this dick, bitch
Don't come at me for money, no
Cause I'mma tell you youse an ugly ho and slap you in the face
Punch you, give that ass a bloody nose
Ooh…\ I'm fuckin' crazy
And I wouldn't marry you if you fuckin' paid me
A million dollars cause you ain't shit
But a real good pussy
And to be honest that pussy ain't even that good
I just think it is because when you horny, everything seems incredible
You probably just a regular ass bitch and I'm trippin'
Oh, I'm on a roll, girl, I'm trippin'
Missionary, Doggystyle
Ride the dick, get wild, girl
From the side, do a split
Turn around, now suck my dick
Baby, suck my dick, oh
I love you, girl psych
I just told your momma that
And then I fucked her too while your daddy watched
I'm crazy, girl
Better work out I don't like my bitches lazy girl
Don't get lazy cause I'll kick your ass right to the curb
I know I'm gettin' fat, so are you down with that?
Ooh, yeah, give that ass a slap, yeah, I like it, girl
And don't you try and put your tongue in my asshole
Cause that's way too nasty for me
And I ain't gay, but I like a girl to rub on my asshole
When she sucks my dick is that weird?
Maybe, girl when I eat your pussy can you feel my beard?
It's crazy, girl
I'm a nasty motherfucker
In the Gap wearin' khakis, motherfucker
And don't you dare ask me for a rubber
Cause I don't have those
Aye! What the fuck's wrong?
Can't I talk about your ass in a song?
Have you ever seen that ass in a thong?
Ooh get low, baby! Oh, girl
I'll fuck you while I'm listening to Taylor Swift
Ooh, that's some player shit
See, at the end of the night
I might get you a Gatorade cause bitch you need to catch your breath
Cause I just fucked the shit out of you
Ooh, I fucked the shit out of you
But don't you bleed on my sheets, girl, you bled on my sheets
Now they've been red for a week
You bled on my sheets and stained them
My dreams have been red for a week
Oooohhh
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
And I just want you to know that you are not mine
Oh yeah
I heard you fucked Justin Bieber
Let me tell you that's fine
Oh baby, that's fine
But let me ask you one question, girl
Was his dick bigger than mine?
Don't tell me yes I might get depressed
Oh I'm walkin' in Rite Aid
And I see the milk section
What kind of milk do I get?
Baby, what kind of milk do I get?
There's so many choices
So much variety of milk
I couldn't help but think of you
And all the things I want to do in the milk section
Girl, me and you is like the milk section
But sometimes you need orange juice
And sometimes you need a little bit of both
But don't drink too much milk
Cause you'll be congested
Oh, and something manifested in my mind
I said Hey Hey Hey Cashier, you dirty give me the correct change
And I can't deal with that right now
Cause my mom gave me twenty dollars and said
Bring back my damn change
You gon' make that lady go insane
Yeah you gon' make her lose her mind
Oh girl
I know what you like when you think of the perfect man
I'll bet you didn't think of me
And that's why I hate you, girl
But love is what we makin, girl
And you a little sloppy naked, girl
You might wanna tighten that up
Cause ain't no famous celebrity gon' fuck you
When you look like that
You gotta get good, start eatin' on the right track
And baby, it's alright that
The first night, you let me pipe that
Never been with no white rapper
How was it?
Ooh, how was it, girl?
Was it everything you dreamed, or was it disappointing?
Oh shit, that might need some ointment
Oh, girl
You ain't no ho, you just know what you want
And I got what you need
Ooh, I got what you need
So give that pussy to me
And I'mma do the right thing
I'mma do the white thing
And treat that pussy disrespectfully
Oh your pussy don't get what it deserves
I'mma cum fast it's cool
Jack myself off then I come back
Ooh fuck that
Baby, I'll fuck you and rap in your ear at the same time
Pick a song on my jukebox, girl
And I can sing to you
If you've got some friends, please bring 'em too
Cause we could have a threesome
Sorry I think I missed that note
I missed that note
Oh
Let me tell you this story
While I was walking at the flea market the other day
And I saw
Half-price lamps
And I scored, cause my living room's lacking some light
So I bargained with the nice lady and said
Can I get four for the price of three?
It's alright, you see?
Just be nice to me
And she said Who the fuck you think I am?
This is a 1970 vintage lamp, you can't find these anymore
They don't even sell them in stores
That's how serious this dumb bitch was about her lamps
I said I know your pussy's dry but this dick gon' make it damp
Fuckin' tramp that's what you are
So bitch, put them lamps in my car
And I'mma go home and I'mma watch late night television
Said I'mma watch late night television, girl
I can't pick between Leno or Letterman
Leno or Letterman? Leno or Letterman?
And I like Fallon too
And I like Kimmel too
And I like Craig Ferguson
But I can't understand a single fuckin' word that he says, girl
All these words in my head, what happened to SNL?
It used to be so funny
And who the fuck is Fred Armisen?
Baby baby how'd he get that job?
But let me not spend no time
Hatin' on another man tryna get his
Cause I'm just tryna get mine
And I'm gettin' off subject
Isn't this a love song?
No!
This is just a fuck song (whoa)
So that's what I'mma do
Ooh baby, let me tell another story
Earlier today, I was flippin' through channels on the cable when I
When I came across one of those commercials for sick dogs
And I hate that shit, I hate eatin' a cheeseburger
And watchin' a video about animal cruelty, cause I know that shit happens
But I like to forget it and enjoy my cheeseburger, yeah
Cause I can't help but like it, girl
I know that I know they treat those cows like shit
And I ain't really with that
But I ain't no gay ass vegetarian
I like beef yeah, I like beef
Oh baby, I like beef
Baby oh, let me tell you somethin else
And I was on the internet the other day
Did somethin a little vain
I typed myself into Google verch- Google ver- Google Search... 'Xcuse me
And what did I see?
Oh, you ask me, what did I see?
I'll tell you right now
I saw some shit
I clicked on the first picture
And I enlarged it to full screen
And what did I see?
You wanna know?
What I saw was so disgusting that I wanted to retire
I'mma tell you now
What I saw, what I motherfuckin' saw
What did I see?
I had something stuck in my teeth
I think it's lettuce girl
From that turkey burger I ate when I was out at Turkey World
Oh baby, do you like some jerky girl?
No, no fuck that
Suck my motherfuckin' dick
I don't play around I'mma take this dick, I'mma lay it down
Oh yo, I'm not gay I love pussy
Ooh, I dream of pussy I draw pussy
I write about pussy like it is some type of false idol
It really is cause y'all be prayin' on that pussy
Y'all be worshippin' that pussy
Y'all be on Instagram commenting bitches' pictures
You thirsty for that pussy
And I ain't really with that
Oh I ain't with that girl girl girl
Would you fuck me?
Would you fuck me if I looked more like Channing Tatum?
Is that the type of guy you like?