Fly girls feel the groove
Homeboys bust a move
Our beats and rhymes you can’t resist
Hm. Bust this

Beats and rhymes (x4)

If future rap is in effect, then clean up all the latest
We’re the best and you can bet that we are now the greatest
Do remember, don’t forget you love us, you don’t hate us
Stay on our side, don’t you betray us

When you meet us, treat us right, cause you need us
You need us tonight and you can’t defeat us
Music evolved, the problem was solved
Party people must get involved

[Full Force]
So all you ladies in the place tonight
We got a rap we think will make you feel right
It ain’t no problem baby, as you know
The curtain’s open so we’re gonna start the show
So girls don’t you worry
Don’t you think about the things you might have left behind
So girls won’t you hurry
Cause UTFO emcees are full of beats and rhymes

The beat has gotta be, has gotta be fresh
Has gotta be fresh to impress the rest
Has gotta be bold, so you can all cajole
Your emotions and your feelings so you won’t grow old
Before your time, you’re pryin’, before you reach your prime
You’re begging in the street for a nickel and a dime
Wait on the corner or the welfare line
Got to be there at a quarter to nine

We’re not fiction, we’re fact with rhymes down pat
We express our feelings and we never hold back
Hey girls don’t deny it, don’t knock it ‘til you try it
You hear this record, I’d buy it, you should buy it
Don’t wait, don’t hesitate, cause if you do it might be too late
Keep it in mind and don’t waste no time
UTFO is full of beats and rhymes

[Full Force]
This jam is workin’, we got the beats and rhymes
(Full Force get fresh!)
Don’t stop the beats, don’t stop the rhymes, don’t stop the music
Music’s one of a kind, we got fresh beats and rhymes
Give us a chance to blow your mind!

Yo, Doc, you think I should go now?
No! Kangol, let’s go!

[Kangol Kid]
Ya supersonic musi-izzo izza kizzay
Rizzay, hizzop, spit a gizzo his head
Wiz-a-kizz and dizzy wit adoos-a-zee
Izz-oc the izz-ice, kizz-ang izz-ol and EMD
Mizzay-bee (mizzay-bee!) mizzay-bee mizza
Kizz-om izzen trizzay, kizz-ibbid itchizza
Izzi-bizzu-bizzatoo, kizz-om izzen trizaay
Is the beat too rough, can the beat get by?

Are the rhymes on time, can the beat defy?
I think so, I think they’re fly!
Why? Why? Why, why simplify!

[Doc Ice]
I’m Doc Ice the first, not the second or third
My zodiac is Pisces and that’s my word
Born on March 2nd, not the 3rd
And this little piece of rap must be heard
That I’m rich in rhymes, rich indeed
If you cut me with a knife, money I will bleed
But I’m not a millionaire and I ain’t cheap
I always give my love away, baby I don’t keep
My feelings inside, cause if I do I would burst
And if I had a problem, well baby you’d be the first
To know how I feel, cause my feeling is real
And I know that you know that I know the deal
That I’m a law-abiding citizen, I don’t break the law
And I will even get loose when I’m out on the floor
You’re well aware I’m debonair, cause I intend
To let you know that my rap is at its end

[The Educated Rapper]
I’m not a senior or a minor, I wasn’t born in China
Spain, France or even South Carolina
I was born in England, not the USA
(Some people call him British), that’s OK
I’m not Jewish, Jamaican, but I’ll keep makin’
Fresh new lines that’ll keep you breakin’
I got a lotta patience, I rhyme for different ages
Somehow I knew that I’d be standing on the stage and
Performing and rhymin’ is better than crime and
It’s simple like Simon, you just need some time and
The fact that I’m a rapper doesn’t separate me
From the business and the doctors with a college degree
Motivation’s the key and if you don’t possess that
You’d better hang it up and give it up, I’m telling you flat
That you’d never make a living in the streets of New York
That’s the way that I think and that’s the way that I talk

Fly girls feel the groove
Homeboys bust a move
Our beats and rhymes you can’t resist
Hm. Bust this

[Full Force]
So all you ladies in the place tonight
We got a rap we think will make you feel right
It ain’t no problem baby, as you know
The curtain’s open so we’re gonna start the show
So girls don’t you worry
Don’t you think about the things you might have left behind
So girls won’t you hurry
Cause UTFO emcees are full of beats and rhymes

Are raps are sheer delight, some say it’s dynamite
I think that they’re all right, who am I to say they’re wrong?
We dress impressively, we do it knowingly
And if you want to be with me then come along

[Kangol Kid]
I’m a city slicker baby, not a country boy
And I like to drink milk with my Chips Ahoy!
I never lived on a farm, never milked a cow
And I never felt better than I do right now
I don’t believe in telling lies, any single fib
I’m the one and only rapper called the Kangol Kid
From my rhymes to my rhythm, my rhythms to my beat
I know it’s unique because you’re moving your feet
And all you ladies on the floor, short or tall
Ugly or pretty, long-haired or bald
I got a message to tell you all
I want y’all to dance to London Bridge wall
And just so your men can have a ball
Ladies show us your Wonderbras
And then hurry, hurry, come and see the show
Of the Educated Rapper, Doctor Ice and Kangol

If you thought that was fresh, huh! Bust this