[Intro]
You want my life
You wanna take away what's mine
But I got my rights
And I'll keep singing till the sun don't rise

[Verse 1]
It's like a game for me to watch you suffer in pain
It's my favorite thing and I'mma do this shit till you're slain
You can go and ask God, even he wants you dead
I'll put your name to shame every time that my pen hit the paper
Mr. "Mister, I'm the new Jonathan Davis
Who tries to rap, but can't even sing
The only time he sounds good is when he's spreading his rumors
Or filling up his beer gut with the last of his Coors
Crap, I ain't done yet and don't you ever compare me to you
I'm the next Trent, you're that dude working Pro Tools at noon
And now you're choking 'cause your career is over for you
I fucking smoked you, both you
Don't you got something better to do
Than tell each other who's cuter? "Mr. Cool Dude"
Oh yeah, I forgot to tell you that your mom's a loose bitch
And her two kids can suck my dick, you know who this is

[Chorus]
As I walk alone, I still sing for tomorrow
Don't you forget that when I meet you, there won't be no sorrow
These streets are cold, but this lonely road I follow
I'm not scared 'cause I know I'm coming home tomorrow

[Verse 2]
(Hello?) Dr. Drew says he don't like me
If he's got a problem with my penis, he can fight me (oh, you)
Motherfuckers think 'cause I'm on the radio
They can buy me and put this asshole right beside me
You think I'ma sit here lying? Fuck that
I ain't gonna let no psycho punk back
In my city, nine milli-milli, sing it with me
I got the Truth in the spirit, you can try to hear me
There's a certain magic when I spit
And only few can match it 'cause I'm right above the ceiling
It's a normal habit, that's why these people say I kill it
Thank God he made a magnet to take apart these feelings
So when you meet me, just say "Hi, how you doing?"
I don't need that other crap like, "Wow, I knew how you grew up"
Or you can take the other route and just say "Wow, how you blew up"
But behind my back, you're saying "How the fuck did he do it?"

[Chorus]
As I walk alone, I still sing for tomorrow
Don't you forget that when I meet you, there won't be no sorrow
These streets are cold, but this lonely road I follow
I'm not scared 'cause I know I'm coming home tomorrow

[Bridge]
Yo! Yeah, some may view me as the villain
Portray me like a felon, so music's like my weapon
My mind is like my senses, I know when they pretend shit
Acting like it's friendship, kiss my fucking necklace
Ask Jorel, he's my motherfucking witness
And every single line I spit, I spit like I'm 2Pac and shit
Ha, yeah, I'm still rockin' it, still walkin' it
And they ask, "Deuce, why you talkin' it?"

[Chorus]
As I walk alone, I still sing for tomorrow
Don't you forget that when I meet you, there won't be no sorrow
These streets are cold, but this lonely road I follow
I'm not scared 'cause I know I'm coming home tomorrow