V1
Chill and relaxed, got my iced tea in a glass, another day has passed, and I don’t wanna go back
Like a security pass, so you can see down the path. Forbidden just like a cast
The mirror shows a good blast. Saying that we’ll never last
I’m on a time restraint as society is a mask, to block out what we could ask
I hope I secure this mass, and my boat will finally surface
So I can see what I’ve tagged, a girl who’s really surpassed
She said don’t worry about that, and I’ma lower my mask. So you can see who you ask
These questions as time passed. And I could never be mad, because she sees where I’m at
So I grab her close and fast, and fly away to never look back
Say goodbye to superiority fly up into the clouds of love and sobriety
Inner connections relieve the pressure of ignorance and bigotry
Enter this bliss, and pleasure. Anything you want? You can do or say
But remember these words that I have here today
Anyway, remember what you said could never be done? They never won
What we do, barely ever happens to some

Hook
Into the night sky, it’s time to fly by away from what they feels right
And enjoy the ride, please hold on tight with all your might
Release all of your fight, and enjoy this flight. There’s no ending in sight
Because what I’m bout to show you is how to ignite the flame
Cast upon us right here from above, and what we share together
Baby that’s what they call love

V2
Higher up into the sky we go, I couldn’t focus on reality cuz everything below my nose
Is gone, it’s a mystery to me. Like how the sun falls lower into the trees
Sometimes I need you to breath, free unlike this prison they kept me in
What led you here to me is this everlasting connection inspection of why it isn’t right
For us to soar up above the light? Uh
Into space, a race of prosperity. It’s with you and me, I’ll share the cup so sweet
The drink we share is complete, like the force that brought us to meet
Be discreet, another force is tryna take away our treat
Best believe in between the stars is where we compete, finding better ways to make us fall even more deep
For her I’ll always submit cuz I’m guilty but she acquits, cuz she says I’ll never ever risk losing this
Quick to run away, time by our side. With our consideration and our pride
Say goodbye to why we considered to never try, because this world watches over
Supreme eye so we fly high to get away from what we did confide, gravity is a lie because it keeps you right here by my side
Like a magnet to metal our attraction is better, because wherever we go, the weather keeps us here together

Hook

Interlude
In my dreams is where we first met, for a second I thought that it was only a test
Silhouette of us against the sunset, perfect. And our lips touch that’s how we connect
See scientifically they say that’s how we find our suspect, but caress is what I do
We’ll be on the moon. With you, I couldn’t move. When I see you, I’m swoon
Cuz my heart tunes to you, we’ll be gone pretty soon but now

V3
Into the clouds we go, second time around
I’ll show you what to do, but don’t make a sound
We’re still a mystery in town, I’ll give you the run down. We’re away from them
But now we gotta surrender
This is our temporary home, till we can find a place where we can be alone
Fly away and watch the sun come up
Or better yet we could travel the galaxy, and try our luck
It’s better that it’s only just us, it’s a must that you stay with me
You can trust my word, and my actions mean more than simple verbs
The feelings that I have for you, you could say it’s absurd
Because love is a mystery, everything that it serves comes out as a very sharp curve
As I observe, I reserve everything that I’ve heard
Cuz as we fly away from earth, love gives us what we deserve

Hook

Outro
Better late than never that we finally understand
Love is a must, it’s a staple in our plan
Watching above the earth, the universe
Everything we set together, we’re not the first
Reimburse and insure our fortune, this everlasting connection is what is important
Money and objects will never be a thing
Because as long as I have you in my life, my heart will sing
Peace and unity our spirits are intertwined, as long as we have that, our love will always survive