[Excerpts from the Nov. 11th 2010 Nujabes Eternal Soul Interviews]

Aye, let me speak today. Got a little to say, then I’ll cruise on my way. Baby, for you, for you, are the reason that I write these sheets. I cannot speak but I’m able to speak over these lyrical bars it’s a voice to par, with the gold in your heart. When we’re apart I cannot start to let you know how it goes. For in your throws, linger in the air, breath that locks my glare. Into a stare, into your soul I lose control; heart, mind body and soul

I’m on parole; house arrest—because we don’t share one yet. When I’m home alone my heart yearns but I need enough packed away to support my baby. Without that, might as well waste away. Heart beat delay, me on pause but the world continues to splay. Parallel universes into an array, bubble sorted for beauty. Life moves slower than a movie

How do I say that I am terrified of the future? That if it comes any sooner the life lessons we could have learned will have passed us by. Speak something fresh. The people bless, automatically don’t need a Grammy or an award they’re just facsimiles to please the heard. A tragic bird flying too close to the sun. I cannot run, I’ve spun myself into a knot

Cast iron wrought was sought bought and never forgot. Mission
Accomplished: you peeled an orange with a door hinge, explored the spire in the land of milk honey and fire, and ate cookies for breakfast like a champion—but I don’t recommend it. If you’ve got some money go and spend it on some real food. It’s hard to know what to approve, but one step further is a little bit closer than
Before you moved

The mountain will not be climbed in one night, so build a tunnel, save the others from the struggle and strife. Do we need an alibi to examine eyes for shards of glass? Then take the plank out of your eye before you unload brass. It’s crass how we use the word ass. Blast from the past: alabaster stashed with metaphorical cash

Home at last and reconciled with the past. Suffering succotash. Baggage? Wish I could lose some and laugh. Hopeless romantic
Every speedbump is a heart attack. I lack attention because with you it has gone. I can see you as a mom but I long for something more. I do adore, the kindness in you makes me soar. Reminding me of visions that I’ve seen before

Let me get to the core: it’s ironic with the chronic, feel bionic but your memory fades. Hiking up the everglades but didn’t bring a spade. Looked to the past to plan the future but didn’t follow through. Didn’t try to connect the dots because I had you. It’s true. Not complete, didn’t love myself, didn’t know myself. All I knew is that no wealth on this Earth, I could take with me after the rebirth

It’s worth every penny that was saved up for The Lady in Black. She has got my back. Blast it out your speakers through the tweeters and the sub. Let it rub your soul. When you’ve got nothing to show hear my voice, let it brace your legs for the distance left to go. Look me in the eyes when we talk so I know that you hear me at least, see me, at least

Unleash the beast and feast till we beseech the person that left the deepest crease. In the book called the story of your life. After the struggle and the strife, you find that the person that did this to you is you. So figure out what to do before the reaper comes flying through. I once knew a man devoted and true to his wife. But she divorced him and he sunk to the bottom, lost God stopped talking to his fam, got sick, and died from the flu

Don’t let that be you. Find a crew solid and true to your values, and you can be you. In everything that you do, stay true and spread the love because I’m giving you some. We cool?