Why go down? Fly more up
Don’t go now. Still go on. x2
Let’s be proud of what we are…

They call me the rapper’s rapper
Schoolin’ fools like pappa rappa the rapper
Wrappin’ rappers in wrapping wrappers
When I rap to rappers the rappers rather just wrap their raps up
When the rappers rap to the rapper’s rapper their raps get mad love
Love, l, l, l, love. Got me high when I fly lke a d, d, d, dove
Way a b, b, b, bove. My words flood, d, d, d, dud
The rebirth of rap happen when I d, d, d, does

It’s like…

Why go down? Fly more up
Don’t go now. Still go on. x2
Let’s be proud of what we are
& dream of sounds, emcee sounds

Music, rhyme, a poet’s voice
You’ll be fine, use vocal chords x2
In this life know it’s hard
But own your life & go, it’s yours

As I hit the ground running
Sound stunning, noun hunting, verb punting, I steal a base
Kick my kicks up & reveal my taste
Tunes on, smooth songs, you could feel the bass
From blue wrongs to huge throngs how it heals my face
So this a much lighter shade than navy, maybe baby
& a much higher grade than A be, crazy gravy
& so much of what I say’s amazing, I made your fav list
Graveless so I’m livin’ it up
Ageless, future earth gon be listening up
& whether you at work or out & sippin’ from cups
Addicted to drugs, shopping, pickin’ up stuff
Sick to your gut or loungin’ in the crib with your son
Missin’ someone & wishin’ you could kiss ‘em again
Grippin’ a gun or peace marchin’, vixen or nun
The difference is none, love is, this is for them, one
Five eleven I’ll be settling for utter superbness
Superfluus wordage for others I mutter this service
From the gutter to burbs it’s liable to smoter your purpose
So breathe deeply, easily while the youngster is swerving
I’ve seen dumpsters & vermin, hustlers no permits
Puffers of herbage, smugglers, burglars & a hunger for murder
Others advert to urging brothers to further themselves
Becoming younger learners, taking the route of safe & legal money earners
Ancient evils come to turn us in the form of wicked media
Put all your tvs up & come explore this wikipedia
Make sure you’re taking what you’re seeing on your screen with a
Giant bowl of salt it’s truth go on & eat it up
But heat it up so it be steamier, feedin’ us with bacteria
Seemingly backwards demons for deeming my raps inferior
Sneaky attacks on each of us, keeping us back it’s serious
Fiercely extracting tears from ducts, merely attaching fear for fuss
They’re barely human, can’t relate to the pains of the people
A scary nuissance but I’ve planted my face to the peephole
& I hear their movements, all their plans are a shame & so lethal
So I’m weary to them, ‘s all a scam & their aim is to keep you
Under their spell, mind control is the way of the future
Welcome to hell, you’ll find your soul within fangs that’ll chew ‘em
In a dumpy jail the kind that’s cold & the grates of a sewer
Are what shut your cell, ‘d be nice to know but we stay in a stupor
They’ll try to scorch our source of knowledge as Bradbury said
But I’ll die before I’m forced to follow, I’d rather be dead
They brainwash us with propaganda as Orwell had put it
& the same’ll stop us from damag’n it, Winston surely couldn’t
The tralfamadorians were wrong sorry Vonnegut
No free will? That’s an excuse for the horror that violence is
But Fanon’s right, it could work in response & that’s not hypocrisy
As Heller’d written exists in military beaurocracies

But honestly…

How long, will this pain go on ?
‘Cause I ‘o’n’ ‘ow, if I could take much more
& is it far, ’til I make it home?
Home