[Verse 1]
My minds kind of twisted
If talk doesn't concern me I've dismissed it
Forties, oral, and pussy’s damn I've missed it
But I've been dedicating late nights to you
And I wouldn't trade this for that shit, not this for that shit
You can't imagine
I don't care if it look good this ain't no beauty pageant
And I will reject it
Until I ask for some head and a bad bitch say yeah
Damn there goes my morals they just flew out the window
Everything I've learned replaced by what I intend on
And give a fuck about your life so go suck my dick
Yeah yeah, I'm a ho I've already been through this
But the nut bust just makes me feel so alive
Got this checklist I want to fill before I die
"Can't nobody tell my ass nothing." that's what Ye said
So, why can't I fuck my girlfriends white best friend?
Uh, but you probably call me foul for that now
Add your wrongs up you probably fouling out now
You a little mad I tell you calm your shit down
Why when you with your friends you always get loud?
What's a relationship without the arguments?
There ain't no point if you always arguing
Everything I say you think that I'm lying
With no trust what's the point of trying?
Stay twatching, sub tweeting, straight bitching
Shit I can't handle, can't deal, I'm leaving. (Bye)
And I'm leaving (OK)
But I'd be back (Stupid, stupid)
I always do. (What a dumb ass, wow)
Voices in my head (Yeah I'm here)
Man shut the fuck up. (OK)

[Bridge]
Got me lada da da, Lada da da
Lada da da, Lada da da
Lada da da da da. (2x)

[Verse 2]
Uh, this is excellence at it's best baby
And you ain't getting no better than this. (believe that, you know it, two hunnah)
Now shut the fuck up and listen
I got some problems up on my chest
Will some Ralph Lauren's put that to rest?
Will passion for this game end with my death?
Will I live on through my sons and my bitch?
I bet you will, bet you will
Remember me only if I was killed
Feels like my hearts trapped in a bottle filled with the feelings I never felt
Jesus came back and he spoke with me
He said I'm right here, right where I'm supposed to be
He said he was black, he said I'm the truth
He said I'm the voice of the new youth
And y'all know it's true, y'all know its true
You niggas act like you don't bang this shit
Walk with your girl like I ain't bang that bitch
Now your neighbors know my name and shit
Fuck off I'm living life and sinning
Going places you ain't attending
Charges on my card still are pending
That's Hammer won't be my ending
Life on edge (I'm living)
That's my pledge. (I'm living)
We living, we living
We live and we die