Nujabes ft. Cise Starr - "Highs 2 Lows Remix”
[Emcee(s): Cise Starr]
[Producer(s): Uyama Hiroto]

[Verse 1: Cise Starr]
Individual stars float in an ocean of God.  Rocking
A pinky ring of Saturn while I'm visiting Mars
Egos bigger than Jupiter are breaking the bars
Holding me back down to Earth through physical laws
Touching the moon, grace as I ready resume
Comets flying through space, bringing possible doom
Blocking the Sun, bring a holocaust on the world
I'm talking back to Father Time.  Mother Earth is my girl
I got the wings of angels walking down the valley of death
Watching my step ‘cause The Devil's never one to respect
Come correct on the studio track, taking it back
To the pen and pad.  I blast the original rap
Brother on the b-boy tip.  With Krylon spit
I tag the charts with the graphical hits
So who you fucking with?  Arm, leg, leg to arm, head
Snapping your neck back while you spit out a Pez
I be the original son of a bitch, hurting your wrist
‘Cause you spinning my shit so much the needle skip
Flip to the rhythm and reminisce.  Remember
The days of '94—hip hop was a gift (OK)
Words out of her lips came straight from the heart
Never prepackaged or bought for negative thought
Peddled to consumers, magazines, and rumors
Commercial spots turn real artists to looters
Precise rap, rock and roll.  Nigga, let’s do this
I'll float through notes, break beats with my maneuvers

[Hook: Cise Starr] (x2)
Yo, regardless, while I be moving swiftly through darkness
Plotting, charting my path, I'm running, cutting my losses
Stumbling over unknown bumps and complications
And tribulations of my life of revelations

[Verse 2: Cise Starr]
Speaking to Scorpius making my heart turn to porcelain
It used to have a steady beat.  Now it’s easily broken
Mind coasting, train of thought stopped emotions
Welling at the core of my being, causing commotion
Need to release ‘cause the stress’ll tear me to pieces
My love ceases and my thoughts break into leases
The height of my life, but the strife making me leave this
I can't beat this, going to God to defeat this
Will He help or do I have to do this myself?
Alone and confused, the blues burden my health
My eyes remain closed ‘cause my highs are lows
I'm feeling the blows of rain ‘cause my pain is cold
Now who am I?  A man or pawn in life?
Living day to day, I pray—am I wrong or right?
Losing my mind, so maybe you can help me find
The way to go so I can be leaving this pain behind
Trying to sleep.  "Sleep is the cousin of death"
Said a wise man from Queensbridge on beats he blessed (Yeah)
Trying to rest.  Instead, I rest my head
On a pillow of hardships—misery is the bed
On my back, I lie.  I can see the skies
Through the glass ceiling, the reason tears drowning my eyes
And I can't move.  Grief won't let me think
My soul is dry.  I crawl just to take a drink
I made you blink, think like invisible man
With mechanical hands, trying to reach out to my fans

[Hook: Cise Starr] (x2)
Yo, regardless, while I be moving swiftly through darkness
Plotting, charting my path, I'm running, cutting my losses
Stumbling over unknown bumps and complications
And tribulations of my life of revelations

[Verse 3: Cise Starr]
Yo, viscosity of the hidden meaning between my words
Thicken the plot—I got hidden rhythms and verse
I'm loading a hearse.  You biting like a Dracula curse
I'm bringing the worst of hurt like a sermon in church
Pertaining to you, hurts just to listen to truth
So you'd rather listen to lies, so you're living to lose
I'm beginning to win, young man mastering sin
Battle within, looking at The Devil and grin
I'm flipping the script, walking on a journey and trip
On the gurney and missed at the fact that life is a bitch
And I'm hating this shit, losing Blood, making me Crip
The stakes is high—bet and I lost the grip
Searching for bliss with the razor over my wrist
Needing a job, but the drug test checking my piss
I'm looking through a window and seeing Immaculate Conception
Reborn, piercing my core with seven swords
A knight in a war, looking to the eyes of the lord
Calculating, want more, seeing the signs of heaven nevermore
The last matador riding a pale horse
Losing my course, splitting the hairs, causing divorce
Marriage unborn, I havoc in song, I stumbled upon
Lost jewels of thought thought to be gone
Lost forever, I sever motherfuckers with letters
Written in script, forward to the rap that I rip
From the top of the lip, make a drink, taking a sip
Then I'm gulping the shit, falling deeper in the abyss