Verse 1:
Now let me get flexing
My range of motion is every direction
Calisthenics for my tongue is best when
It's a hip hop instrumental I'm wrecking
My mind's too swift like a letter for Taylor
Gang knew I was trouble when I walked in with paper
And pencil and watched it shake like a tip drill
Recorded tres songs, now I know the neighbors
Know my name is synonymous to spitting flames
And I let my songs bang like neglectful parents nowadays
I'm quite witty not from the inner city but around it
So when I had detention I was grounded
Reality set in so while I was sitting
The only bad I got away with was with this pen
So I intentionally added -itentiary
That's some hot bars the results were incendiary
But you'll never catch it, cause the method I invest in is for the reader's digestion
In between the lines, thinking that you'll find it'll blow your mind like sweeping minds
My kind are sleeping giants; why you want to kick me out my slumber
That's why I keep in hiding; you don't want to count my victim number
"Now why?" It's high. "Don't lie!" Don't mind my subtly
But I befuddle emcees the sudden moment I bludgeon beats
Like Slaughterhouse with the "Hammer Dance"; No touching me
Tripping trying to cross Fiya's cross wires, I'm busting heat
Kablam! I'm Prometheus with your head bobbing
Head nodding to the beat knocking. Who's there? Me socking
Punchlines all over the tube so you all know it's Haynes
That's called branding, searing hot into your brain
The name's Fiya, B, I know you had the first
Rendition but I'm thinking that you'll like this verse
And replay it thrice as many times it took to rehearse

Chorus:
(I Know)
That I set the coolest atmosphere
Ain't got to wait for the best cause I'm already here and
(I Know)
That all ya'll gonna hate
Because I'm doing big things out the plain state and
(I Know)
That I can sing better than most of you cats
And got more skills than ya'll that be trying to rap and
(I know, just want to make sure all ya'll know. And I know...)

Verse 2:
How to make this awk(ward)
Man I thought my train was unstop(pable)
Alright who's kick him out the stu(dio)
Now I got to think of how to make this one take sound cool
Cause what you say you can't take back
So I write history in these rhyme books so you can face facts
That now it's indelible that my raps are incredible
Even if they ain't legible, they're never unintelligible
I understand if you're overwhelmed
Cause like the Frozen film, my power is to leave you in a colder realm
But I don't have to build a snowman persona like Jeezy
Just watch the temp drop, boy, like Soulja Tell'em
Don't mean to be a donk, excuse my french let me be Franc
I'm taking music back to ragtime; honky tonk
Cause I'll call you out if you think you're competition
I'll battle all your catalog of songs you've written cause

Chorus

Outro:
Cross step, cross step
Hop (forward), hop (back), hop (forward), hop (back and)
Cross step, cross step
A-do the hopscotch, (a-do the hopscotch), a-do the hopscotch, (a-do the hopscotch)
-repeat-
Get funky! A-Hopscotch -repeat 8x-
Threes!