[Verse 1]
Talk is cheap, that's why I be delving
Below Kelvin 273, I'm helping myself to
Everything nutritious to my mind, soul, and body
I be skeptical of them camaraderies
Watching over me Big Brother, clockwork orange
Feeding me knowledge, less of me and more of institutional garbage
The wattage, excitement level close to zero, and that's being modest
From being the broadest, to being the most anal
Balancing extremities so they know, let 'em know what time it is like Seiko
I don't submit to anybody's way but God's, I day-glow
When I stay close to supernatural to make sure
It's not emotional Oh praise the Lord! with no devotional walk
On a narrow asphalt path pilgrimage to the righteous one
(I'm losing it, I'm losing it)

[Hook]
Gotta lose my religion, gotta lose my religion just to see the light
Gotta lose my religion, gotta lose my religion just to see what's right

[Verse 2]
It's a human tendency to want to blend in with
The rest of them crowds in length and width
Punctuating every sentences with a curse
Exaggerating use of "y'nah mean?" and "word up!" per every verse
No sense of giving birth to pioneering concepts, forever talking about
Guns and ammo's bomb threats banks and hoes
Every relative's a convict, Lochness! I'm a monster type of nonsense
Too many wannabe's who can't be, and shouldn't be
Who fabricate reality, be all you can be! ~~ and not somebody else
I pronounce the cult of Hip Hop that give props
To only underground emcees, whether they dope or heinous
I say this, only to unlock the matrix
Of stereotypes and prejudice you respond to stimulus, you figure this?

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
How many fallin' prey to institutional
Dry, but accepted-by-society, goody-two-shoe, provisional
Religion, far from reality and inchin'
Closer and closer to business (what is this?)
Cloning is the forte, wider to doorway to Gehenna
Every being born a sinner
Becoming mad religious for what? religion's sake?
Not for God? anticipate disaster
Who's your master? money, fame, or power?
Flatter me, you're Cleopatra, no gracious, de nada
Religiously we go to church, religiously we go to work
Shop and splurge, curse, and do other worse things
Fake bustas talkin' about, trust us!
But I see you're just unnecessarily illustrious
Although my faith is like a mustard-seed
I be restless until I see justice
Does this stark reality have to remain?
Or is it just that the grass seems greener on the side of being mundane?
Take a step back, observe the bigger picture
And gain wisdom: you've been a spiritual fixture!

[Hook]