[Audience noise from July 29th, 2006 Modal Soul Release Party at Club Unit Tokyo and cut audio of Nujabes himself speaking at his 2006 acoustic performance in Seoul]

[Intro]
Relax. Union City Love, floating like a dove. Alright?

[Verse 1]
Nobody told me how much work college would be, thought that I could play music and videogames, cruise mindlessly. Worked in high school realized I totally underestimated, saw the light
Articulated to the dean why I shouldn’t get kicked out. Wore my heart on my sleeve and got kiss robbed. Heart breaker, something I could never shake man. I planned to go further than tomorrow with you broke up and hit the sand. Knowing that you could be with
Another man in a minute if you tried I thought I wouldn’t survive the shame

Couldn’t have blamed it on her if I wanted to, it takes two to do the dirty but I promise you. I didn’t feel proud of myself. Wanted to rewind, and stop instead of letting the moment continue like I was watching it. I was watching it alright, mind in denial, what a lame mechanism for defense; like a child. No, this isn’t happening, I’ll be fine by tomorrow. Guess what? My eyes open in the room and I feel sorrow. I was borrowed. Slap me in the face, I need to know that I am not hollow. This is malo. My definition of a bad day. Can you tell me what to say? How do I say that I apologize? When every word from my mouth seems like lies?

[Chorus]
Ooh I’m love sick. You’ve got me frozen up about you and I know you want to kill me beau. But baby, why don’t you come on over? I’ve got a letter for you to read. Or do you want to leave me in the pouring rain? Well that’s okay. I’ll be here in the morning

And I want to love you girl. Got to have you back in my world. [x3]
I want to right my wrongs and love you, love you. Yeah

[Verse 2]
Nights: at the perimeter of feeling destitute. I group my sorrows in little thought bubbles. Hoping they fly away on their own. They never leave me alone, I wish that I could give them a bone and let them roam. Off to another planet or something—the further the better, the barren the weather, the thicker the sweater. I should have known better, but no, I broke your heart. I need to mend what I tore apart. I need a little bit of it back, my back is cracked, hole in my chest oozing black

Send me a heart attack of rage—it’ll snap me back. Lack of
Opposition was your decision to let me go into the world leaving your heart in two pieces? That’s ridiculous, I want to put it back
Together. Perfect sutures and vows, enough to make my vows
Resonate once again. I betrayed my best friend. I’m sorry friend, I’m a little slow to react. Never meant to make you cry alone at night and more than just that. I broke my promises, my promises are now a hundred percent flawed. I receive no applause. The dawn of the month of your birth is worth more specifically on the day you were born; you were brought into this world. Hope that you adore my presents. I long to have you in my presence. When you’re gone I count my blessings. At the top of the list: It’s my bliss to make you shake your hips. Come every morning I could never resist a kiss

From the bottom of my heart to yours: you make me soar higher than any mountain top; my chest beat hops; when you’re in my arms your charms ring fire alarms. While you shoot me with your lullaby, rock-a-bye boo, I’m gone. I’m in heaven. Don’t need coffee anymore, when it rains it pours, and I won’t have it any other way: shake the core; kick in the door; come back for more; our time is short. I need all your soulful discourse, like a game of horse. I want to top the bar I set, but you still catch my breath when you raise it higher of course. Like Marilyn Monroe, smile deadlier though. I know you don’t think so but you’re beautiful. I love that you’re humble it’s immutable

[Chorus]