[Intro: Francois Dillinger & The loner]
On ma, on ma, on ma, on ma own

In a drunken haze, meditating in my zone

- you deserve it all
But you just don't get it, nah

Why you saying time apart is what we need
When truthfully what we need is to be.... Together

-you deserve it all
But you never seem to get it all

You don't get it
I swear you're so pretty
&

-You deserve it all
But you just don't seem to get it, nah

So I'ma call
& tell you how much I want to give you it all

But, that .. just wouldn't be enough
Cause ,You just don't seem to get it, nah.. That

-you deserve it all
But you never get it all

Why do you never get it all .. Huh ?

[hook: Francois Dillinger]
You . . you always get what you want from me x2
But today . . you won't get a thing from me x2

[verse1: Francois Dillinger]
Social obligations & forced conversations
Some thing of the things you hate, but won't say shit
Cause you so nice, yeah you the sweetest i'll repeat it
Cause you so nice, in nothing but socks & my wife beater
But it's a shame that nothing good ever lasts
Especially when they won't let you forget your past
& i know most people were looking at the hour glass
Tryna see how long what we had would last
But we can prove em wrong, at least i thought we could
But you proved me wrong like i never knew you could
Now i'm fighting with my queen, Margaret Thatcher shit
Til' i start drinkin' then i'm like fuck this shit
& i'm like fuck that bitch
Then i fuck that bitch
Then i fuck another bitch tryna forget that bitch
Shit . . it's all getting mixed up
Workin' on a fix just so i can fix it up

[hook]

[verse2: Francois Dillinger]
I know they say birds of a feather flock together
But what if one of the birds is scared to fly in this weather
& whether or not, the weather is heavy or not
It'a not like i was proposing that we should tie the knot
I was merely suggesting al-fresco sex in the parking lot
When the date gets awkward & we feel that we've talked a lot
& i feel I've smoked a lot, so i don't give a bad impression
The type of impression that says things are bad impression
Cause you're fighting depression & i don't wanna depress ya
Which in turn made me push ya' away, now i lost ya
Face in my palm, feelin' like a fuckin' asshole
Who doesn't have a soul
Just getting high off adderalls
& several
Other opiates
Just to cope with it
But you'll never know it
Cause real G's don't show it
You see she kissed her hand then she blew it
Whispered in my ear, 'i can't that you blew it . . .'




Whoooa, i give you everything x3
Til i have, nothing at all