The Grey Kingdom II

He heard a yelp from below, a belted & jumbled note
For help she sung spoke & yelled from her tongue & throat
He fell to them coming close when the smell of that ugly roach
Of a shell tryna touch her coat became hell as it stuffed his nose
He rushed the foe & crushed it with one husky blow
To its undergrowth & twisted his fist to crunch the bulge
Another punch to the skull but caught it before i'd fall
At the speed of gravity times a couple of fours
Found the nearest waste basket & tossed it in like a ball
Flagged some flashing lights & offered it to the law
Thus off to report some more but lost in his jungled world
Thought of the lonely girl then thought of the only her
What a blur of black & white justly stirred
A running burst he traveled by night & up was preferred
Somewhat disturbed this evening eating at him were words
Without meaning or worth, abut things yet were slurred
Around him a being perched, bound to be a demon bird
He vowed to defeat it first whether loud or discrete i'd hurt
From the mouth it would bleed & curse, out to be freed
But now it undoubtedly’d be reversed downward beneath the earth
That’s how he would feed the thirst of who scoured with greed or worse
Such cowardly beasts that lurked in the hours of evil work
So wildly he reeled & turned but noticed a cloaked figure
Same from that fateful night it kneeled & slowly whispered

“Hello drifter, I am If
To guide your steps by your best kind of trip I exist.”
A sighing breath cried from his lips. “My how I sense stress
Are you fine with this mightier gift life has suppiled you with?”
“I don’t know” “I can show you the way but you must think
Who is in your head?” The face of his one friend
“Perfectly executed, you’re correct in your ‘ssumptions
Go visit this man, you two’d better discuss things. We’re done then.”

He spun & bended a leap with a plummeting dive
& comfortably glided puncturing sky for his lovely ride
But once he arrived something inside ruptured his stride
Stumbling tried to jump off the side but nothing would rise
Wondering why, he’d suddenly find himself unsure
“Come on, one more.” He climbed & sprung forward
Flung he soared mustering chords that were struck hard
From his lungs roared. He clung to some rungs but a cut poured

“Ugh, ohrr. Blood? Nohrr.” Surprised to see what his hands released
Wiped it off on his pants, re-realized that he was man, thus re-
Minded of his humanity. Mindless to his insanity
‘xcited he shifted glance & reached high to the city’s canopy
Spied on it panoramically. Eyed all the different branching trees
Striving he griped them, swam with breeze. Flying so swiftly and with ease
Wires connected landing feet. Tired he slipped when bending knees
Higher he glimpsed his friend Aziz prying their fingers’ tangled squeeze

“My eyes must be a tad deceived. This lad I see’s
A battered heap disguised with tattered sheets
& the lies I read are rather steep they write you’ve captured thieves
A passer’d seen a guy attack then leave
Who but he who threw me three feet high then back ten feet
More than bruising me & ruined things inside my lab lept clean
To a doomed defeat yet ensuingly survived that cash & breathes
Could prove to be this ‘super-being’ as jived & jazzed to me on this tabloid’s sheets?”

“These last few weeks I spent defending those that I felt in my heart
Were surely worth it. Sore & hurting from impurer earthlings
Whose scorn has spurned their forms to turn them horrid, vermin moral-less
Who’ve in a sense burned the innocents. Scarrers more or less
For the best all of this has forced a purpose towards my surface
S’more can search f’r a warrior person born to skirt this war securely for them
Early mornings & before the dawns I hear the shrillest screams
Killers cling to spill & drink what fills our veins until they’re drained. So still, the thing.”

“A brilliant dream. Well it seems hell’s unleashed selfish fiends
Your swelling need to shelter weak & helpless beings
Excels supreme. Swell indeed. So tell me, please
Will it be a spell of leaves in swelt’ring heat to smell & breathe?
Or silly me, a swig of freezing liquid serum gulped from cheeks?
I will believe a sniff’ll please but I really see a pill to ease
Or else the needle’ll decree the ‘bilities & skills you seek.”
“Those pills’d be great.” He tossed him them. A tilted face. Got lost again

…Into the lofty wind
If was then off with him. “What is it? What haunts you friend?”
Vividly thoughts commenced of her wintery ambiance
“It’s…” “Shelly” “…you’re drawn to then and a different course begins.”

…His tenure exhausted limbs
Medicine offered him dispensed & he swallowed twins
Gentler falls folded with spin. He stintlessly walked toes clenched
Skipping through tall buildings ’til to the one ‘cross from… them?

…A kiss and long goodbye
Fixing his collar’nd tie with a wink from a sultry eye
Exited the ‘partment fine & ended up some floors down, guy
Hence stepped in to start a drive. The decision was follow by

…Sticking an arm outside
Which gripped an alarm that cried. Its spinning thus carved a line
Through infinite cars. In time was willing to halt the sir’n
He slipped into a darkness. Tires skidded in their charring wind

“I’m not far behind, (phew)” Uniformed police waited
Two were armed at each waist, the suited one with a briefcase
The three strayed from their vehicles to a door within feet they’re
Pursuer wanting to keep chase. Moved towards with discrete haste
“They seem grey.” Via windowsill viewed more, ‘nother three waited
In usual garments. Their briefcase issued for them. A neat trade
The p’lice raised their pistols th’ others’ too were drawn & heat blazed
The shooting storm made them each lay but the suited one is whose feet stayed
He reached straight for his gifts and uttered: “Two is more.” “Whad he say?”
From a human’s form in a weak state he grew & morphed to a freak’s shape
A clean break through the window’s build. Threw some shards from his speed and weight
To him in a hard’ning mean rage. Supercharged by extreme hate