[Intro: Substantial]
Uh.  Yo, check it out.  (What’s up?) I want you to pay attention to this, know’m saying?  Listen up, alright?  (Ughh.  Alright, man, alright).  Yo

[Verse 1: Substantial]
You bust lead? So do I
Except mine impregnates the page, giving birth to thoughts that unify
You fuck little girls; I make love to women
My words uplift; yours are poisonous, like venom
I'm an emcee, you're a rapper
I'm as real as they come, while half the guys you idolize are just actors
You run from commitment; I remain loyal
You call women bitches; I call ‘em queens ‘cause they're royal
You make rap songs; I make soul music
When God speaks through rhythm, will you go to it?
Yo, I save my cash; yours, you blow through it
I say, “Your child's special”; you say, “He's so stupid”
I'm pouring my heart out in everything written
You're scared, you look soft, heart remains hidden
Ayyo, on touchy subjects, nerves I stay hitting
But I ain't better than you; I just think different

[Hook: Substantial] (x2)
Is the glass half-full or half-empty?
It's based on your perspective, quite simply
We're the same and we're not; know what I'm saying? Listen
Son, I ain't better than you, I just think different

[Verse 2: Substantial]
My fam run things while you run your jewelry
Yo, my peeps will pop-lock; you tough guys pop toolies
You rock gems, I drop gems; Xerox copy ‘em
While I originate material to stimulate
Positive thought patterns when the chosen start gathering
We bar none; Yo, I got jokes, you are one
I'm out doing it while you talk about it
I'm constantly in the mix while you walk around it
You try, I do; While wise, you're clueless
I get the job done; you fail and make excuses
I'm a gentleman, your behavior's abusive
Yo, I'm patient; you're jumping the gun—false start
You're caught up in dress codes; I'll shop at Walmart
Sucker, I'm all heart, and you're half-hearted
Yo, you suckers are vandals; We're graff' artists
Thought you had the last laugh, but we laugh hardest

[Hook: Substantial] (x2)
Is the glass half-full or half-empty?
It's based on your perspective, quite simply
We're the same and we're not; know what I'm saying? Listen
Son, I ain't better than you, I just think different

[Verse 3: Substantial]
You fall in love with body parts; I connect mentally
With my female counterpart before we bond physically
Cats I chill with rap about revolution
While tou rap about drug abuse and distribution
You wanna be like Mike; yo, I wanna be me
My queen's hard to obtain, and yours is easy
We both from Maryland but we’re repping D.C
We all front sometimes—that's how emcees be
My word is bond and yours is worthless
You're mainstream; I'm beneath the surface
I stay working hard, while you're hardly working
All you want is money and your dick sucked—are you certain?
Yo, I want a better world for our seeds to live in
I put faith in myself, not the system
Yo, we’re trying to travel, so why you making pit stops?
You cats is rap, and I'm hip hop

[Hook: Substantial] (x2)
Is the glass half-full or half-empty?
It's based on your perspective, quite simply
We're the same and we're not; know what I'm saying? Listen
Son, I ain't better than you, I just think different