[Verse 1]
I just wanna shut niggas mouths up
Have them like now what
Young black exect shit, get my kevin lows up
Frequent flier miles up, so we live miles up
A soldier for that dollar, now watch as it go and piles up
Shit only real niggas around us, rooftop lounge
Ciroc shots and loud puffs
Young heirs, we’re waiting for them to crown us
And climb to the point where a million don’t even sound much!
I’m out in the streets, or in the lab writing to beats
Get in that show paper, counting up sheets we eating!
Cement 3's most stylish shafeek
I know them haters loading clips they got malice for P
I’ll do it!
To tell the students opportunists…ontropanuers
That when the road block make aqua maneuvers to get by
The code we live by
Chase this screen live I dreams and then die
Them I'mma get mine

[Hook]
I got J's on my feet
And money on my mind
You say this road rough, well I'm down for the ride!
Cause I just want to ball get a Benz at least
Some niggas want it all, baby I just want piece!
I just wanna Break, break!
Can you break me off?
I just wanna Break, break!
Can you break me off?

[Verse 2]
My mom finally got a house without my help
Which lets me know life ain't just all about wealth
Thirty years raising kids, never owned a crib
She finally got her piece to kick back and live
It makes me happiest to see her smile
I’m just proud I can be her child!
Now it’s time to make my own living
I’m moving along in it
My niggas is on with it
You niggas is long winded
In Louis Vuitton linen
???
Prad shades glass tinted
In the club ignoring my past women
I’m a man on a mission!
Step in my path I would demand a mortician
A fan of all who listen!
I’ma get it for my area
I do it for you all!
I’m a shit on these niggers get the sewers involved
I keep it truest of all
And put my family first
Tell them I’m trying to ride a phantom 'fore I'm riding the herse

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
And nothing wrong with wanting the finest shit and shine a bit
Work hard then later recline a bit what time is it?
It’s ours, so clothes cribs and cars ain't far
What we make it don’t hate it, just blame God!
I’ma spend less moments
Roaming the same clubs, same bars
And gettin in trouble with the same broads
So while you’re out partying
I’m here perfecting the same bars
From getting in a in arts to getting with a at nas
At the universal good and probably ain't playing songs
Talking won’t pay your mind cause well play it all
Phil Ade don't spell it or say it wrong
This grind is all test im the best to play it wrong
They say it’s a game, but we ain’t play it along long
Nights early mornings and three p.m yawning
And the plane feel evening while im just getting dawning
And you can’t pull up a wall like the back of a jersey johning

[Hook x2]