[Intro: Ken Nordine (Sampled)]
He became so interested in time that he got little egg timers and gave them away as presents
Time way out in the universe
He knew what time it was on Arcturus and the Pleiades and the Milky Way
One night, though, at two o'clock in the morning, the light wouldn't go on; the fuse had blown
But suddenly, he realized he knew what time it was without even looking
Not only in the important cities of this world, but in the entire universe
And naturally, began to brag a little the next day
He told people, "I know what time it is"
And they tested him and he did know

[Verse 1: brandUn DeShay]
I’d like to send a big thank you to the people out there who listening
It feel like since Volume: One! and Volume: Two!, I’ve been born again, man, I’m Christened
Or should I say Baptized? All I know is that I had sad eyes when I did this
Thinking ‘bout my future and the path that I chose, God knows I’ma take a big risk
But I’m prepared every little step of the way like Charles told me, gotta be ready
‘Cause I admit that I’m getting sick watching all these cats living my dream like they Freddy
Give me just a chance just to prove to my fans that all that rooting for me wasn’t in vain
They tell me, “You gon’ make it to the top, I hope you know that!”
I love y’all, I hope you know that

[Verse 2: brandUn DeShay]
And we right where we need to be
It might suck right now, but it could be worse
It could be hearses instead of cavaliers
So you won’t hear much nagging here
I cried damn near every night, but I’m not sensitive
It just hurts to be hurt
When you give your last out of gratitude, just once you would like to be put first
But what’s the point of working for acceptance if I am not accepted as is?
You can call me stubborn if you want, but I ain’t gon’ change, no, not one bit
And this was kind of hard to flow to ‘cause of this crazy time sig-na-ture
But learn the music theory and you, too, will see clearly
Ceven

[Outro: Donnie Darko & Gretchen Ross (Sampled from Donnie Darko)]
Don’t look so freaked
I’m not
You should check your backpack, those guys love to steal shit
Yeah
So, why did you move here?
My parents got a divorce
My mom had to get a restraining order against my stepdad
He has emotional problems
Oh, I have those too
What kind of emotional problems does your dad have?
He stabbed my mom four times in the chest
Oh… did he go to jail?
No, he fled
They still can’t find him
But my mom and I had to change our names
And I thought “Gretchen Ross” was really cool
I was in jail once
I mean, I accidentally burned down this house
It was abandoned, but still, I…
I got held back in school
And I can’t drive until I’m 21, you know
But I’m over all of that, I, I…
I’m painting and stuff, writing
I want to be a writer or maybe a painter, I don’t know, or maybe both
I’ll write a book and draw the pictures
Then maybe people will understand me
I don’t know, change things
Donnie Darko? What the hell kind of name is that?
It’s like some sort of superhero or something
What makes you think I’m not?