[Intro: brandUn DeShay]
I... gots... flow
Yeah
BrandUn DeShay
Sorry I took so long

[Verse 1: brandUn DeShay]
First of all, I'm just taking a breather for spitting ether
So while y'all dudes getting that bread, I'm making pita
Not Lois, my freestyle's sick, so he's a cheater
Either that, or a genius, but you, sir, are neither
See ya, wouldn't want to be ya, good luck
That snow bunny's rubbing on my feet for good luck
Shucks, I still ain't signed and it sucks
Only got two bucks, but I could give two fucks
Who knew fucks could fly? It must cause I'm fly as fuck
And I don't give a flying fuck
Got your aviators on, but your flying sucks
Only dude at the Grammy's looking fly in a tux
Ha! Goddamn, I can already see it
Like the letter after "B", I can already see it
Got the ocean of stars and you already see it
Who knew that I could make waves
Make way? Hey

[Chorus (2x)]
Far away from home, no man
How're we supposed to land when there's no land?

[Verse 2: brandUn DeShay]
I done been through way too many transplants cause if I can reckon
I gave my heart to music, college a arm and a leg and
The cost of college nowadays is a arm and a leg and
I'm bringing the end like I'm Armageddon
I'm Doomsday, the Red Barrel, what does your tomb say?
Kanye's the best producer, I wonder what tune say
I still remember hit was a Tuesday, a school day
Matter of fact, been a fan of DOOM ever since I heard DOOM say
"Now why Hollywood hotties stepped in Giuseppe Zanotti's
Personnel nurses, Chanel purses, CLK shottie"
Special Herbs was the ish, so I'm using the potty
Every time I listen to the disc, it go inside my iPod-y
You kidding me, you got me? You reading me, you copy?
These guys like fax machines, they read me and copy
But the problem: they knock me, I'm untouchable
Uncrushable, keep from getting mad money
I'm sorry

[Chorus (2x)]

[Outro: brandUn DeShay]
I'm sorry
Can I, can I
Can I talk my ish again?
For real, though, like...
This, I don't know
The main thing that's killing me right now
As a fan, you know...
Cause, I don't know
I'm trying to get to the, you know...
Where the spotlights at, the flashing lights and all that
Whatever
It's not my goal, but...
I guess that's the main thing
That I don't think people really should have, like, a main goal
Me, personally, that's how I feel, IMO
I'm just doing it because this is what my soul is telling me to do
I mean, there's nothing else that I can see myself doing
I love this, it's not work
It feels good
Like, I'd rather do this than anything else in the world
People doing this for money, but be kind of pissing me off
Especially when somebody like me is doing it because it's their passion...
But I digress
BrandUn DeShay