(Radio static)

(Old school RnB/hip hop tune playing)

(Radio static)... nope!

I like it when ya... Hold me tight

(Radio static)

[audio sample]

Fucking...clap man
Im thirsty man
Any time a nigga touch they door knob he at they door
Yo what the fuck are you doing?
Why are you here right now?
Im starvin', starvin' like Marvin for a Cool J song


[Verse 1: Astro]
Had a discussion with mom dukes
She said next year? you're going to college
Can't be sitting in the crib if you don’t take off with this rhyming
And she Jamaican
So I ain't really have an option
Went in my bedroom and started plotting
How do I, become a millionaire in a year while still keeping it real
Hollywood code won't give me the chills
I keep my soul and my mental straight kid
Gotta Make it, the universe got an obligation
Make sure I go worldwide before the fakes dominate
Chill in the shade, fathered the game
Now I got (?) in the rays
My homie gotta work tomorrow I got a show tomorrow
And we the same god damn age
Ain't it crazy how life works?
The loser got the upper hand
Snuck in like (?) killin’ cats like son of sam
In the summer man time flies!
I use to be a fly in the wall observing it all
But now I fall In the category with the statutory MC’s
Preach, making dollars with my sermons like EPMD
This is deeper than metaphors my rhymes got better causes
Ain't off this, til I got offers up in the office
Be cautious there's more snakes in the garden than plants
Long as I got my fam I don’t need no friends
Took a pen, made it out the state
First time flying was the BET awards
Second time flying was the factor
So I ain't never waste no mileage
Moves bigger than Christopher Wallace, still act childish
Running this like Forest Gump
Forget what they said
I ain't Frank Ocean, I ain't worried bout no man
I got dedication and zero patients, Lets get this Gusto
Before I turn legal
These bars make me comfortable like Beanie sigel
I'm at the top of the rock, they look at me like a hero
I ain't tryna appeal tho
I just tell my story, hoping they understand it
Feet planted, takin’ over the planet cos god planned it
Peace God, you too could be in this position
But I doubt that you’ll ever reach this level of spitting
I put, blood sweat and tears in to what you hear
That’s why the hippy and gimmicky emcee's fear when I'm near
I got approval from the legends
The only ones that don’t respect it is the ones resting
So till i'm mic checkin' up in heaven?
I treat y'all like prey I'm starvin’
Stomach growling for that house on the islands
Said Stomach growling for that number one hit
Got the sound that they miss, so I just can't miss
I need love,  From one of those around the way girls
She gotta have a big old Butt, a nice lil strut
Jack the ripper how im doin' it
Can't go wrong
Starvin' like Marvin for a Cool J song