Kallay Spoken Word:
Meditate
Elevate
Emancipate
And Radiate
Embrace the power of your fate
The biggest fear is to be great
Lies are like blindfolds
Restless men stay awake
God gave man erb to heal the world
But its powers are prohibited by wicked man dwells
Righteous man use its influence to improve themselves
Dem Say GIVE ME LIFE! GIVE ME LIFE!
When i toke the tree
Grind it up
Roll it
Set it on fire
Taste the potency
Until my last one big doobies all its gonna be

ATM Spoken word:
Times... Have .. Changgggged
Stress is Abundant.. Yes i have allota
When I come home.. it is relieve by my multi-cutural dimepiece
Her name is not Betty Sue nor Sara Lou .. its MARY..MARY JUANA
Its more than sexual its sensual.. between US...between WE
I love when we kiss her lips are not covered in MAC instead their covered in THC
She allows me to dream
She doesnt break me down
But I break her down .. literally

Chorus:
Roll me Last One
Light me Last One
Pass me Last On
Im on Last one

Kallay Verse:
Im not bluffin You can Hear what Im puffin
That Good Good, Sack Should come with volume buttons
You'll never find another nigga rhyme lines slicker than mines
Last of its kind, Optimus Prime
Its Required i acquire everything i that i desire
Johhny storm couldn't spit more fire
You wouldn't be this cold If you hired God as your ghost writer
Barbarian my Bars Bury em in Barbed wire
My flow tighter than a virgin's Vagina
Or the eyes of a infant that native to china
Sicker than the symptoms of sickle cell
Geologist can't calculate the magnitude of this verse with a million richter scales
All these rappers talk is ballin they should switch games
Im always AROUND THE MUSIC me and him should switch names
The Mark of true wisdom is ignore what you've been taught
Because the truth is really what its not

Chorus

ATM verse:
I got bars on lock... Like my verses spent time in prison
Fucking milk carton rappers.. ya style always missin
Somebody call a slayer.. all this fire i been spittin
Ya crew pass square... fucking Rectangular Prisms
Its hard to listen to all that jibberish.. all of that non rappin
Rolling re-run doobies.. this sour is whats happenin
O! that was a good line ... hope you having good time
I get neck you dont .... You da mother from Good Times
We making good time .. cuz times good
Treat yo bitch like my chain .. give her the good wood
Cuz we dont love hoes .. love is a ho emotion
Running trains on these bitches ..AH! HOEcomotive
Passionately puffing potent..difference tween men and rodent
Hoping to stop choking from this kill ass shit im smokin
I lace with one for fun... boy you ah funny one
Thinkin about my goals and rolling my last one


Chorus