Dear God if you listenin', I know you are
You're so far, I feel like I gotta yell to the stars
All of my silent prayers don't seem like they gettin' answered
Frustration grows, it's like it's cancer of the soul
You told me give all my problems to you
I can't carpool, but I got no problem followin' you
Just gimme a sign, let me know I ain't miss my exit
I prayed and you helped me not to miss my exes
I prayed and you helped me not to fuck up the next shit
She stayed and I thank you for that shit, God knows
Well, you know that I'd be lost without her
It's bad enough the music ain't turn out to be what it was
In my eyes, just two years ago, it seemed so sacred
The deeper I get into this, the people get faker
I hate it, I thank you for my fans for real
Well, if not for them, I prolly woulda' killed myself
So many nights I spent, cryin' in my lonesome
Here with the same people years ago that killed your only son
I'm livin' with them, but I'm livin' for you
Makin' the most out of this mission I've been given to do
Enlighten the work with my music
And I think that I'm doin' it
Messages from my listeners tellin' me to stay true to this
Tellin' me I save they life
But in retrospect, they be savin' mine
Waitin' for my chance, I'mma stay in line
This frustration, won't outweigh my patience
I got [?], so I ain't mind waitin'
For short, thank You for the sun and the rain
I learn joy, I learn pain, but you always remain
Even when I questioned your loyalty
You would bring more to me
Becoming a man, but keepin' in touch with the boy in me
I know the future gon' be brighter than this
About time I get this light bulb switch
[?]
Know the future gon' be brighter than this
To get this light bulb switch
Sincerely yours

[Outro]
Alright, the thought has crossed my mind, yeah. If something should happen, yeah I'll go along with it. But if it doesn't, it's no, no thing to me because that's not what I'm out here for. I'm out here to bomb, period. That's what I started for. I didn't - I didn't start writing to go to Paris. I didn't start writing to do canvases. I started writing to bomb... destroy all lines. And that's what I'm doing

How long do you think you'll do it?

Til I'm finished