I hope you're not wrong because dreams are often misinterpreted
I was once a stencil, now a pencil because I sharpened it
Put it to the college ruled paper
Did my homework in the class where most of the kids in college drove for paper
Put down your GPA and make me weigh it
On a scale of 1 to 4.0
It hardly seems fair
Tell me, what kind of major do I take up
If I dream of being on magazines and fly?
They'll shoot you
They got us programmed like computers
They wanna see ones and O's
Put down the greats like Brutus
Put on the tape like screw it, I don't need CDs
Cash, dollars, I don't even plan on having no seeds
Unless they get in through a loft, food for thought
Am I a big fish in a little pond or just food for sharks?
I don't need to find out the hard way
Go from number one in just a penny like Hardaway
My dad said God'll save what's meant for me
And what's meant to be
So that's why I love sleep, so I can see it in my dreams
Stay up until 3 A.M., just playing my music
Channel through God like my ceiling flouorescent
Restoring faith to the fans like I'm Rasputin
Teaching them to black, don't mean you've got to act stupid
The words are useful
Niggas don't compare me to the humans, I am just
​brandUn DeShay and that's all that I am doing, my purpose is not certain
But I'm certain that I will make waves like I'm surfing
Find me channel surfing, no Pablo Picasso
If I'm not on your television, then that's a problem
You got me? I just want to make music
My only passion, why is it so hard to understand this?
This is what I'm doing, this is who I am
Composing music until the day I am
One hundred and ten years old, matter of fact, with a ten-year-old
That grew up and had his own ten-year-old
Until I got tens of thousands of euros that I can give to charity and fluoros
As much as I can, I hope that you know
My soul and my passion is so true
It may be me and it's not so you
So don't give your opinion if I ain't ask for it
I just want to do my thing, not get cash for it
They can pay me, but it's only going back to the people who need it
The people who breathe in this music who can't live without it
It's like carbon dioxide and oxygen, CO2, I can get
Whatever I need, so whatever I bleed
Is whatever you can take with you the day that I leave this earth
This body is worthless
When I get to Heaven, that's when I'll be perfect
And that's certain, my purpose is to
Lift up the lovers from the ground
When all the fighters come around
Like a hero, I can save you
So, what's happening, little boy?
What you saying?
You want you a car?
You want you the girls?
You want you the money?
You want you the world?
Well, good luck
Be blessed
I'm blessed