Ever since man looked up at the sky and saw the moon
He became curious
What was it like up there?
Did people live on the moon?
There were some men who actually tried to reach the moon
Any many strange stories have been told about those fantastic adventures
Now, if man could build a rocket ship fast enough and strong enough to make the trip
He could travel through space to every place
Man wondered about this for years and years
We've told you something about the first space engineers
But in order to make the long journey
First of all...

(Where does the sun go at night?)
It doesn't go any place, it's just out of sight
But if you're in the dark about day and night
This little song will show you the light

Uh-oh!
My mother's gonna find me
As sure as a moose likes moose juice

All aboard crew ship Jupiter
Man versus strength to the moon

A sky full of stars is a beautiful sight
Gleaming and twinkling in the night
But why are stars different colors?

You see, Mary Frances, A.B. Cito
He digs what they call sharing
And so do we
And we share our food and our juice and our work
(Right on)
Yeah, and listen here

Do you know the greatest travelers in the world?
Seeds
That's right, the seeds of plants
(How do the seeds of plants travel?)

They know their days of the week
Now I know somebody who knows all the months of the year
And his name is Mobity Mosely

Space station reporting to planet Earth
We are off to attempt our first landing on the planet Mars
Space station crew, attention, please
Attention, space station crew

We have been training this flight for two years
Right now, we are orbiting the earth
At an altitude of 400 miles
The first expedition to Mars is about to take place

You know who just left here?
Old King Midas
Yeah, he was in trouble because...
Well, I'll tell you

Now, here's a song that makes you feel good when you sing it
You'll feel even better when you suggest it
It's called "What Foods Should We Eat Everyday?"

Now, you see, Mary Frances
Baby Ray loves the skin he's in
Because there's are different kinds of skin
And different kinds of people
(You know, Roosevelt?
I remember you telling me
That no living things or any kind of thing are the same)
That's right
Now, what I told you about
Is not hurting yourself
But what I'm going to tell you about right now
Is not hurting other people

Here we are, on the moon
We carry our oxygen tanks in our bags
And we are wearing special protective suits
So we may walk about the surface of the moon
And make our observations
Let's go exploring
We need 30 men in our space station crew
Because we've got a lot of work for them to do
Each man will be a scientist
Yes, we'll need them all on our list
With food and water and oxygen we've stored
To take care of everyone aboard
But our space station won't be like the cities we know
Like New York or Chicago or San Francisco
With streets and restaurants and parks and wall games
You see, there will be a lot of work to do
And we have to think careful to take along when it's absolutely necessary for our work

You see, I know
That there are lots of things that I will try to do
But there is one thing that Roosevelt taught me never to do
And Roosevelt better tell you all about it

The story of the planets, it began with the Sun
A very hot mass of liquid gas, too hot for anyone
Now, here is a name on the colorful map of the moon

My very good friend...

[brandUn DeShay]
BrandUn DeShay
Let's go