Read Chris Webby's Explanation of "Chemical Romance"

[Voicemail 1]
Hey it's Molly. Where have you been? We got another party going on tonight over at Stacy's. Let's get wild and make bad decisions together like we always used to. We're gunna be partying all night, c'mon Christian. Don't you miss me? Call me back fucker, love you

[Verse 1]
Dear Molly, I know that we've had our fun
Love the taste of you up on my tongue
But I'm thinkin' that we should be done
Been too many years of the same shit
You've almost driven me insane bitch
You'd whisper come give me a lick
And I'd come runnin' back, your dangerous
And you almost killed me in college remember that? What the fuck were you thinkin'
And you said that it wasn't your fault, blamed it on all the liquor I was drinkin'
But it was you! And still I came back to you lustin' and callin' you baby
And your sister? That's my ex Stacy
And both of you bitches are crazy
But I'm grown now, so listen Molly what I'm tellin' you is for the best
Cause I'm a mess when I'm with you
So with the cells in my brain that you left behind we're through
You're dead to me
Even though you were my remedy
I thought that we really were meant to be
But now you're only in my memories, so
I'm sorry Molly, I never meant to make you cry
Cause it's been great just you and I, but this is goodbye
And this is us breakin' up, I'm signin' and sealin' this letter
Sincerely yours, XOXO Christian Webster

[Hook: Chris Webby + Jaye Michelle ]
Rolled up twenties on the sink
Capsules poured into my drinks
It's been fun but now I think
It's time we move on, yeah
Goodbye, my chemical romance
Goodbye, my chemical romance
Goodbye, my chemical romance
It's time for me to go

[Voicemail 2]
Hey Christian, it's Lindsey. Why have I not seen you in so long? Come see me tonight, I want you to fuck me over and over again like you do, and we can stay up night and talk about how fucked up the world is, and you can freestyle for me. C'mon Christian, you know you want to. Call me back as soon as you get this, mwah

[Verse 2]
Dear Lindsey, you were my very first love
When I really started doin' drugs
And we've been on and off, but the rush
That you would give me, was amazin'
Till it wasn't, then I'm crazy
And I'm anxious, and I'm angry
And I lose sleep, cause you take me
Out to a place that I don't wanna be anymore, at this point there's just too much history
It was my seventeenth birthday, that's when you first took my virginity
And sooner than later I saw you on Fridays and saw you on Saturdays every week
Tried to break up with you numerous times but you'd always come back like I'm pressin' repeat
Get the fuck outta my head bitch
Don't call my phone up again bitch
Me and you ain't even friends bitch
Now your nothin' but my ex bitch
You hookin' up with everybody at the afterparty bitch I know your repertoire
They all lay you down on the countertop, then they line you up with a debit card
Then you got em takin' out they money just like you was a stripper
And I was a pretty good tipper
But now you'll be out of the picture, huh
Don't bother with tryin' to call, I've sank my final 8 ball
Steppin' away from the pool table once and for all, yea

[Hook: Chris Webby + Jaye Michelle ]
Rolled up twenties on the sink
Capsules poured into my drinks
It's been fun but now I think
It's time we move on, yeah
Goodbye, my chemical romance
Goodbye, my chemical romance
Goodbye, my chemical romance
It's time for me to go

[Voicemail 3]
Hey dude, what's up? I miss you. Oh, it's Xandra by the way. Um. Come cuddle. I just got the new Call Of Duty. And I got Oreos, your favorite. Come be lazy with me. Oh shit, my phones about to die, text me

[Verse 3]
Dear Xandra, you're the chill one, way more than the rest of my ex chicks
We would sit around, play video games, and cuddle while watchin' some Netflix
On all of those lazy days
Whenever the sky was a shade of grey
You'd make me feel all these amazin' ways
And all of my problems would fade away
But then I'd snap back to reality and wanna lose it
Had a to do list and didn't do shit
I was with you, don't you know I got a schedule too bitch?
I got me a life and this dream that I'm chasin'
But you tellin' me that I need medication
The moves in my life you would keep me from makin'
This easy arrangement is slowin' me down and I'm losin' the moments I need to embrace and
I'm pacin' I'm wastin' these minutes are fadin'
My motivation slowly slippin' away and
Procrastinatin' as we sittin' here layin'
And wake up confused again, at somethin' like 2 PM
And put off the shit that I'm supposed to do again, stuck here with you again
Cause I've been watchin' you ruin the lives of these people, so many others you've dated
Some of em landed in rehab, some of em just didn't make it
The doctor prescribin' your lovin' all over, but I'd rather be sober
Than wastin' my life with you, so take this letter as the closure, bitch

[Hook: Chris Webby + Jaye Michelle ]
Rolled up twenties on the sink
Capsules poured into my drinks
It's been fun but now I think
It's time we move on, yeah
Goodbye, my chemical romance
Goodbye, my chemical romance
Goodbye, my chemical romance
It's time for me to go