See me and hip hop
We've been seein' each other for awhile now
And we just can't seem to get this relationship together
She knows I love her
She just won't show it back sometimes
But I'll keep chasing you baby

Don't know why I love you
Everyday I be asking myself but I just
Don't know why I love you

(Verse 1)
I don't know why I love you
You think that I should hate
After all the shit I've done, and you can't reciprocate
I'm so hungry I can eat the fork, spoon and the plate
As I stand here by your side and do nothing but wait
I've done the ground work
Released the mixtapes
Promoted myself
And built up the fan base
But you treat every song like this was our first date
And you still won't give the pussy up
My blue balls ache
I light another cigarette and try to relax
As I pour my blood, sweat, and soul on a track
What don't you like about me? Is it cause I'm not black?
Did I do something wrong? Swear to god I'll take it back
All I got's a dream and a lot of ambition
But you givin' them the opportunity, you can't listen?
Don't you see these other dudes are in it for the money?
I'm in it cause I love you, can't you just love me?
Have a little faith baby just trust me
I know you like perfection so I'm glad you didn't rush me
But now I'm ready
As ready as I'll ever be
Court case behind me, nothing left but you and me
Don't know what you do to me? Let me explain
You're my method of escape whenever Webby's in pain
My form of expression
The blood in my veins
Since I met you, my life has never been the same
I'm willing to throw my personal life down the drain
Just to have you by my side until the day you see my name
In either the obituaries or the bill boards
But you? You're the only one I'd ever kill for
I'll murder my competition if that's the only way you'd listen
Catch a case over you and spend my days in prison
Every second all I hear is a beat
While I'm poppin' Ambien just tryin' to fall asleep
I swear I'll never cheat
For you, it's nothing but loyalty
But are you here for me, bitch?
Don't you fucking toy with me
You either with me or you're not
Nothing else
So I'll stand here waitin' for you all by myself like..

You took control of me
Don't know why I love you

(Verse 2)
Why do I still love you?
Why am I still tryin'?
I've watched you blow too many others up while I was grindin'
You made me hate myself
But I come back
Cause you're all I know, I can't do nothing but rap
You won't let me have a girlfriend
You keep me too busy
They say I gotta choose and I choose you with me
But still you show me nothing back, bitch
You're heartless, you're cold
Fuck this rap shit
You use me
Abuse me
And watch me grind
Watch these little fuckin' punks try and bite my rhymes
You let these others blow up extra fast
And put them in a double XL freshman class
Would you sell your soul just to buy you the spot
In history
By some bitch who sat by and just watched?
You don't want me as I climb to the top?
Fine
But you're stuck with me, bitch
Like it or not