Read Chris Webby's Explanation of "Questionnaire"

[Intro]
I got a lot of questions, ya know. As humans beings we're intelligent. That's the difference between us and everything else. So why wouldn't I ask questions, about everything?

[Verse1]
My teacher said there's no such thing as stupid questions
That's why I always ask myself, while other dudes are guessin'
Like why don't all these rappers nowadays pursue perfection?
Why has the music that I love gone in this new direction?
And why are people so afraid to get aware?
Why does this younger generation hardly ever seem to care?
Why did all the older generations let their greediness
Destroy the world around us for money? And then they leave us this?
And what is money really? Why do we need it, right?
Do you use it to plug your ears so you can sleep at night?
So you don't hear your conscience tryna make you see the light?
Why don't they care about us? We're all just people right?
Why are we killin' Mother Nature for the paper?
Why is everything extinct or, critically endangered?
Why couldn't we have found a way to live together?
So everything could exist forever? This is my questionnaire

[Hook]
This is my questionnaire...
This is my questionnaire...
It's time to get aware...

[Verse 2]
Why are there politicians?
I guess the better question is why don't they ever listen?
Why do they always have to lie to us? Why does the news just try to stir the fear inside of us?
What do they really have to hide from us?
Why are blind men leading other blind men
With ignorance in office and armies standing behind them?
Why do we kill each other? Why don't we heal each other?
Why do we break each other down instead of build each other?
Why are the smartest people labeled crazy?
Why are kids having babies? Why do doctors say to take these?
And why do big pharma companies have us by these puppet strings?
So, now we need a pill for every fucking thing
Why are there terrorists?
What if they just saw a therapist, changed their ways and moved to the Americas?
Are people really bad? Or are they taught to be?
Come get lost in thought with me, this is my questionnaire

[Hook]
This is my questionnaire...
This is my questionnaire...
It's time to get aware...

[Verse 3]
Why do kids do drugs? Wait, why do I do em?
I know it'll catch up to me and leave my life ruined
So why do I find myself drinking and pill poppin'?
Is it for fun anymore or am I running from my problems?
Why do I have problems anyway?
If I could show the younger Webby where I am today he would be blown away
So why's my self confidence always on the fence?
Why do I hear the hatin' louder than the compliments?
Why does my mom smoke weed?
Wait, I guess the better question is why don't we all smoke weed?
Why don't we tax the televangelists?
Better question, why can't kids afford to live on campuses and get an education like their parents did?
Why are the seasons shorter?
Why is the justice system rigged against people without a decent lawyer?
And really what is race? Cause I don't see nobody winnin'
How is anybody different? This is my questionnaire

[Hook]
This is my questionnaire...
This is my questionnaire...
It's time to get aware...