[Intro]
Yeah, Webby
Let me talk a little shit man
Ahem

[Verse 1]
Bitch, you done released the Kraken
I’m up on Mount Olympus while I’m rappin’
So when the lightning strikes, the waters churning, thunders crashin’
And them twisters touchin’ down like that movie with Bill Paxton
It’s me up in my studio, that’s what’s makin' it happen
Never doubt me, got a suit of armor big as Gronkowski
And a sword that’s even bigger killin’ everyone around me
Swingin’ like Tasmanian Devil until I’m drowsy
Then I pop another addy and blast off like Robert Downey
Like Ironman, the kind of man that knows no one can beat me
The kind of man that’s destined to be king, just ask Rafiki
The kind of man to step into the ring just like Rikishi
And make you kiss my ass on broadcast national TV
Lay the smackdown on all these wack clowns in the circus
That use to be referred to as the fuckin’ rap circuit
I’ll rap circles around these cats without scratchin' the surface
And make these mumble rappers step back and start actin’ nervous
And if they aren’t nervous then they don’t know what I’m sayin’
Maybe they can’t understand it with that first grade education
Maybe they too fuckin' high off cough suppressant medication
As they wearin' skirts with a matchin’ purse while they puttin’ braids in
But that shit is just a fad and see I’m here to help to phase ‘em
All the fuckin’ way out so real rappers can replace ‘em
I’ll take this shit upon myself, the fans deserve better
Than some kid who lacks intelligence and puts in zero effort
I mean this shit is a job right? And see these kids ain’t even tryin’ son
If you ran a business and they worked for you, you would fire them
So why you praisin’ them for half assin’ the shit you listen to
Not dissin’ you, I’m just asking what the fuck has gotten into you?
See you’re the consumer, and it’s your choice on what you pickin' to
Put up in your Spotify and spend your time siftin’ through
And you’re just givin’ bread to somebody who’s way more rich than you
Who can barely put together an english sentence in an interview
See I’m a hooligan who be truly losin’ his cool again
Who’s here to use his voice to bring the truth 'til I get through to them
They feed us fake news again, nobody wanna listen
It’s no fault of ours, me? See I blame the politicians
Fuck Donald, fuck Ivanka, nah for real I’ll fuck her brains out
Got her riding me up in the oval on the same couch
Billy Clinton scrubbed the cushions tryin’ wipe the stains out
'Cause Monica just couldn’t swallow what was in her dang mouth
I’m fuckin’ wildin’, fuckin’ while I’m on that shit again
Slappin’ Rex Tillerson for tryin’ to let them drill again
Light his oil money on fire, like every bill and then they’ll put me on a list
'Cause see you know them bitches listening
And Jeff Sessions you can suck a dick until your throat hurts
You old smurf, you tryin’ take my weed, never gon’ work
I’ll be lightin’ up a doobie out on your turf
And Kid Rock, you ain’t been cool since Joe Dirt
I’m out on Scott Pruitt’s property, frackin’ it
And build a pipeline through his wooden kitchen cabinets
These scummy politicians, yo I’ve had it bitch
I’m a take a knee with Colin Kaepernick, yellin’ fuck the establishment
And Ted Cruz, your face puts me in a shitty mood
There’s so much bitch in you that you probably have a clit and boobs (uh, you're a bitch)
And Marko Rubio, you’re soft as fuck
And Ben Carson, yo, can someone wake Ben Carson up?
Fuck these Nazi’s and the white nationalists
I’ll grab that Costco tiki torch and fuckin’ smack you with it
Over and over 'til your skull fragments are crackin’ and shit
While the cops give them a slap on the wrist, for real though
But yo Hillary, really? You think that I wouldn’t mention you?
Just 'cause I tend to be liberal with all my general views (you're a cunt)
But you’re an evil lady, say it 'cause I got to
I’m down to have a woman President, just not you!
You Claire Underwood-ass bitch, you wicked witch
Lyin’ through your fuckin’ teeth every single chance that you get (bitch!)
I’m a slap her so hard that she’ll be leavin’ in a gurney
While I’m yellin’ out, “Long live Bernie!”
Now if that segment just offended you, then please relax
We’re all on the same side, it ain’t about white or black
It’s about the one percenters versus everybody else
Us against the politicians who only helpin’ themselves
Yo, fuck it, I guess I’m just a rapper, what do I know man?
About the world, how it turns and who’s behind those plans
But still I’m all up in this bitch just like a gyno’s hands
And while I’m here, I’m a take a stand
Raw thoughts

[Bridge]
Fuck everybody, man. As much as I joke around about things, ya know, that shit is dead serious. Fuck where this country is headed, ya know? Who did I not mention?

[Verse 2]
Oh yeah, Mike Pence, see I forgot to slay you
But really? God hates you
Along with every gay dude and lesbian, it’s very evident (I hate you)
That you’re a scum suckin' bitch Vice President (suck a dick)
Who else?, Oh Paul Ryan, shit I hope you go rock climbin’
And your hand slips and you lose grip
And you fall divin’ on to a bunch of fuckin’ dicks
You fuckin’ bitch, I hope your health insurance doesn’t cover it
Who else? I’ll crack a Koch brother like I crack a coke can
Cremate a Koch brotha then I’ll snort ‘em out my hands
What bitch? Raw thoughts
These are my raw thoughts motherfucker

[Outro]
This message has been bought, paid for and forced upon you
By George Soros of Fake News Networks of America
Raw thoughts motherfucker