[Intro]
Destiny has a funny way
When it comes and takes all your cares away (Yeah!)
I can't think of a single thing
Other than what a beautiful state I'm in (Yeah, I'm feeling lucky)
Cause the world's still spinnin' round
(It goes round and round, It goes round and round, and it goes...)
Ooooh, I don't feel like coming down
(Yeah, yeah, yeah)

[Verse 1: Chris Webby]
What's up lil mama? Listen to me
There's something about you, something different to me
And I know there's plenty of fish in the sea. It's gigantic
You lookin' for a good time? Ma I am it
It's going down like the damn Titanic
Tan skin, lookin' Italian or Hispanic
Damn it, so dope, dudes can't stand it
Every guy hitting on her walking 'round campus
Book bag over the shoulder, fresh Nikes
Stepped to the girl, cause I heard that she liked me
She started smiling, I ain't even gotta ask her why
I just said, "I'm Webby, you might know me as that rapper guy
But you're fly, whatcha doin' tonight?
Oh, you're going to Jeff's party? Word, alright."
She wrote her number down on a little piece of paper
And I was like, "No doubt, I'mma catch you later."

[Hook: Kylie Minogue]
What on earth am I meant to do?
In this crowded place there is only you
Was gonna leave, now I have to stay
You have taken my breath away

[Verse 2: Chris Webby]
Went home, took a shower, layed down to rest
Woke up, threw a fitted on, super fresh
9 o'clock rolled around, hit mami with a text
She said she was pregaming and to meet her at Jeff's
So I cop a couple forties and went over to Lavodi's
Drank with a OZ and dank to blow trees
Only had a 10 spot, 5 for a cup
And 5 to throw down on someone else's dutch
Hopped in the whip and rolled right on over
Someone else driving cause neither one of us sober
Rolled up to the spot then walked to the backyard
Mad chicks, yo this shit was poppin'

A whole lot of girls: many different options
But I saw the chick from before and I locked in
Hit the keg and filled myself a cup
And then I put my brim low and went to say what's up

[Hook: Kylie Minogue]

We talked for a little bit, joked around
I could tell that in a little it was goin' down
I could see it in her eyes. She could see it in mine
I gave her my ten cents, told her she was a dime
She grabbed around my waist and she looked me in the face
And said, "We should go and find a private place."
And I was like, "Word, sounds great to me."
She grabbed my hand, don't know where she's takin' me
But I don't really care yo, what can I say?
Gave my man Lavodi dap and was on my way
She brought me upstairs, went into Jeff's room
Undress quick, know we havin' sex soon

She asked me if I had a condom
I looked in my wallet like, "Yo thank God I got one."
Then we got the bedroom shakin'
Noise so loud, they could hear it in the basement
What

[Bridge: Kylie Minogue]
Ooooh, is the world still spinning around (spinnin' around)?
Ooooh, I don't feel like coming down (Yeah yeah yeah yeah)

[Outro: Kylie Minogue]
It's in your eyes
I can tell what you're thinking
My heart is sinking too
It's no surprise (and that right there)
I don't want you to leave me (...is a college success story)
I want to make it with you
It's in your eyes (Yeah)