Spent two hours in the cuffs of the fight squad. Stupid racist motherfucker told me, "Nice watch." I got a stupid load, that's why my price drops. Just ordered two times mo', and then I might stop. Confidential informant's now your motion discovered. Get your face blew off the moment you blow your cover. You know my MO's stop at the store and get some rubbers. And drop her off before the sunrise, you tell that hoe you love her. I can't be saving no broads, I barely save money. I'm blowing bands on throwback jerseys and red monkey's. Ice bergs and Jordans was first the two hundred. Now i bought 200 pay in and buy my coupe something. Got some dice and a Glock, who wanna shoot something? And my video dude pulling bout two something. Nigga got plenty them guns, you ain't gon do nothing. Fifty shots will get you two minutes of news coverage
Coolin, just coolin. What you doin, what you doin? I'm just coolin. You know I got my two lid I know how to use it. I'm just leanin gettin right, cup of ice, yeah coolin. Sunday night coolin, Monday night coolin. They comin in two's, and i'm running right threw em. Old school, runnin like a fool, catch me runnin lights. Yeah I'm on a paper route and I run it
It's Dolph! My nigga i'm just you coolin. Got my bitch with me in the two seat cruisin. Rollin the blunt drivin with no hands on cruise control. Mixin my syrup, doing a hundred, bet I don't lose control. Lil momma said hold don't don't lose control. I call her boomerang the way she make me curl my toes. We ain't doin shit, we just coolin. Pussy so good I gave her a hundred she wasn't even prostituting. I killed that pussy now I'm waitin on prosecution. I smoke so much they say my whole hood polluted. It's in the air, inhale, you can smell it. Your little sister pussy, taught her how to sell it. Your homeboy pussy, I heard that nigga tellin. Get, get your ass wacked, one text message. Then show up at your funeral to pay respect. Fools ask me what I been doin. Shit, I just been coolin
Coolin, just coolin. What you doin, what you doin? I'm just coolin. You know I got my tooly, and I know how to use it. I'm just waitin to get right, cup of ice, yeah coolin. Sunday night coolin, Monday night coolin. They comin in toolin, money right blowin. Old school, runnin like a focus, runnin like. Yeah I'm on a paper route and I run it