[Intro]
Let's go fellas, shower time's up in five minutes
*Sounds of prison bars slamming shut *
Get those feet off the table.  What do you think this is, home?


(This is bullshit.  Yo son, let me get a cigarette)
(I’mma go... back to my cell and read)

That's it—five more minutes and that's it
Back to work fellas, back to work!

[Verse 1: M-1]
Yo, lil' Kadeija pops his locks, he wanna pop the lock
But prison ain't nothin’ but a private stock
And she be dreamin’ ‘bout his date of release, she hate the police
But loved by her grandma who hugs and kisses her
Her father's a political prisoner, Free Fred
Son of a Panther that the government shot dead
Back in 12/4, 1969
Four o'clock in the mornin, it's terrible but it's fine ‘cause
Fred Hampton Jr. looks just like him
Walks just like him, talks just like him
And it might be frightenin’ the Feds and the snitches
To see him organize the gang brothers and sisters
So he had to be framed, yo, you know how the game go
Eighteen years because the five-o said so
They said he set a fire to a a-rab store
But he ignited the minds of the young black and poor

[Hook: M-1]
Behind enemy lines, my niggas is cellmates
Most of the youths never escape the jail fates
Super maximum camps will advance they game plan
To keep us in the hands of the man, locked up

[Interlude]
(Hello?) Collect call from Nes
(How are you?) You know, shit is crazy Boo
(Have you been alright?) You know I miss you
(I feel lonely, lonely, lonely) Yo woman… Can you put some money in my commissary?

[Verse 2: stic.man]
Lord can't even smoke a loosey since he was twelve
Now he's 25 locked up with a L
They call him triple K cause he killed three niggas
Another ghetto child got turned into a killer
His pops was a Vietnam veteran on heroin
Used like a pawn by these white North Americans
Momma couldn't handle the stress and went crazy
Grandmamma had to raise the baby
Just a young boy born to a life of poverty
Hustlin’, robbery, whatever brung the paper home
Carried the chrome like a blind man hold a cane
Tattoes all over his chest, so you can know his name
But y'all know how the game go
D's kicked in the front door and guess who they came fo'?
A young nigga headed for the pen, coulda been, shoulda been
Never see the hood again

[Hook: M-1] (x2)
Behind enemy lines, my niggas is cellmates
Most of the youths never escape the jail fates
Super maximum camps will advance they game plan
To keep us in the hands of the man, locked up

[Interlude 2]
* speaking in Spanish *

[Hook 2: stic.man and (M-1)] (x2)
You ain't gotta be locked up to be in prison
Look how we livin’, thirty thousand niggas a day
Up in the bing, standard routine
They put us in a box just like our life on the blocks
(Behind enemy lines)
You ain't gotta be locked up to be in prison
Look how we livin, thirty thousand niggas a day
Up in the bing, standard routine
They put us in a box just like our life on the blocks
(behind enemy lines)