[Intro]
We could grow
We could develop

[stic.man]
As we know that heaven is not a place
And happiness lives in the heart
Long as the world keep turning
Our duty is to keep on learning
Ya heard?

[Hook: stic.man]
Keep on learning, and soaking up game
We gon' make mistakes, we gon' go through some things
Keep on growing, keep on soaking up game
If something ain’t working, don’t be afraid to change

[Verse 1: stic.man]
Nobody know it all
As soon as you think you do, that’s when you fall
We gotta do more than survive—we must evolve
Things change just when you think you seen it all
We trip, we stumble, but we get back in stride
Each day, all the way, one step at a time
Don’t wanna let my ego and pride make me blind
The elders say, “When you stop growing, that’s when you die””
The one who gets the knowledge is the one who asked “why?”
Through the course of life, you gon' taste some humble pie
But I love it—it makes me appreciate the things that I take for granted
Gaining insight and understanding
Each one teach one—we got to pass it on
Keep doing the knowledge, building and adding on
With faith in the assumption
That nobody knows everything but everybody knows something

[Hook]

[Verse 2: M-1]
The more you know, the more you know you don’t know
And if you don’t know there’s more you can know, then you won’t grow
What you don’t know can hurt you.  Discipline is a virtue
Gotta ask the right questions or else you go into cycles
And cyphers and spirals
Information is viral—this infects you
It’s contagious, it had you going through stages
Like denial, don’t believe that.  No, we didn’t do that
Then reality set in, there’s no disputing the facts
Yo, I’m sorry if I woke you up, but when I open up
It’s like I’m smoking but I’m high off the people, watch me soak it up
Huey said the best education is observation and participation
Study how the people be relating
Different points of views turn bad news to good news
See, it’s kinda like some shoes ‘cause they gotta make you move
Treat it like organic food, make it something you can chew
Information you can use, make it something you can do

[Hook]

[Interlude: stic.man]
Aye man, it’s okay to say you don’t know.  It’s when you let go your ego, you’re free from all illusion, dig?  Can’t make moves in confusion.  Don’t look for conflict, man—always look for the solution.  And my pop said, “Humility is a sign of wisdom.”  But to really soak it in, now that’s a different kind of listening.  See, man sharpen man, and every day is another lesson.  And it’s not fair you only learn man—it’s a blessing.  And as the Buddha says, “Nothing lasts forever.”  We gotta manage our expectations—The less we crave, the less we suffer; and this way, we awaken.  Right understanding, right thought, right speech, right action, right livelihood, right effort, right mindfulness, right focus, keep soaking.  Soak it up

[Hook]