Dead prez ft. Jamila and Umi - “When Mama Cries”
[Emcee(s): M1, stic.man, and Umi]
[Producer(s): Sol Messiah]
[Vocals: Jamila]
[Sample: Red Hot Chili Peppers - "Californication"]

[Bridge 1: Jamila and stic.man]
Why do babies cry?
‘Cause they knew they were born in the eye of the storm
And my mama cried
On the day I was born ‘cause she knew I would die

[Verse 1: M1]
Aww shit.  Another young brother hit
They got me doing my dips and loading my clips
Bloomberg name taste like shit on our lips
Projects flipping, niggas is shitting on pigs
It ain’t a war where we live no more.  It’s a massacre
Brothers ain’t trying to ride.  We’re in the passenger seat
And everybody just trying to eat
But I’m trying to eat, then live, get high, and get free
Don’t tell me I’m deceiving myself.  If that’s the case
I’d rather meet reality now, a gun to my face
Than play-fight with police and get shot in the back
So they could dirty my name and sprinkle some crack
Tell me that’s not how we’re getting down.  We had some principles
I guess some things is different now.  Broken promises
We made to my homie’s mom.  They killed her only son
And now she crying in my arms.  Be strong

[Hook 1: Jamila and stic.man]
Don’t cry, don’t cry, don’t cry no more
‘Cause it won’t be long.  We will survive
Don’t cry, don’t cry, don’t cry no more
‘Cause it won’t be long.  We’re gonna ride

[Verse 2: stic.man]
I cried when 2Pac died.  It was a Friday
We sat up that whole night, bumping “Shawtay”
I felt the same way when I lost my cousin Padre
Why so many niggas had to go out the hard way?
Nobody knows the reason we’re here.  We’re just surviving
From day to day, caught up in a game you got to pay to play
Life is just a series of days that fade away
Every day, the sun rises, but nothing changes

[Verse 3: Umi]
I feel the sadness.  I’m trying to console his family
And tell his mama that her son is still standing
I know he left you and life is full of pressure
But, in me, you’ll find a piece of his spirit
And, as children, the block was our prison
We couldn’t escape the bid that we was given
Learning lessons, searching for directions
Clinging to the truth, poverty kept us desperate
Was steady grinding with our minds on survival
Had plans to build a fam without dope or violence
But, in a second, niggas is left breathless
We was caught in a storm, being born as black men
And life is tragic.  My nigga’s in his casket
It got me loading clips, ready to bust a cracker
I can’t replace him, but I’m here to help you face it
Consider me your son ‘til it’s my time to face death

[Hook 1: Jamila and stic.man]
Don’t cry, don’t cry (Don’t, mama), don’t cry no more (Don’t you cry)
‘Cause it won’t be long.  (You know that) We will survive (We will survive)
Don’t cry, don’t cry (Don’t, mama), don’t cry no more (Don’t you cry)
‘Cause it won’t be long.  (You know that) We’re gonna ride (We’re gonna ride)

[Hook 2: Jamila and stic.man]
Mama, hold your head up high (Hold your head up high)
‘Cause it won’t be long (You’ve got to be strong).  We’re gonna ride
Mama, hold your head up high (Hold your head up high)
‘Cause it won’t be long (It won’t be long).  We’re gonna ride

[Outro: stic.man]
Bang for change, make the change.  That’s on everything.  It’s on for life