They sayin' I got the juice now
Time to quench my thirst, these backstabbers only pinch my nerves. They'all back at it like a crack addict sayin' "fukka' bad habit", crack (...) , get the stem and hit that shit

Punchlines... I'll leave you Punch-Drunk from one punch, bloodied up, dumb trunk, redder than a Rum Punch...thumbs go ba'dom pom, guns go pla'plum'plum.  Peep is so slow he's hav'n if u wanna' sing

Keep on movin' Mom, you ain't buy the (dump?) bowl.  If u ain't drinking n' smoking then whatchu' come for?
Shit,  could it be the atmosphere, so hazy straight contact in here

On and on y'all I'm chilling
But don't get me hot,  I'm like a ticking time bomb in the building
2-1 detonate, do one, don't hesitate. You (...), you've had the (weight off?) nigga' levitate

95 north shit, North face frostbit skully's (on?) and that's michally on the (frostshit...lol). Round here caution. Drugs and extortion nigga's in the bank Fran-ce St. of Dalton.  Bling bling flossin' find ya' in a coffin'. Life over ice my nigga' come up off it

We are the architects, love is the house and we grossly in debt.  Get ur last dollar, my six cents.  Be step, like the sole of my Nikes, check, price them

Left to chance, I watch them dance around the subject, misleading the public.  In tango, spinnin' around complex angles, comparing what they do with dangle chains that hang low.  This tramp is proud as painful

I, amongst the Star Spangled in the sky like angels. I say to my neighbors that hate you.  From private school to HU, I made it through, to know, even racist make room to grow

If it's about how they make dough, the beast that take food from the mouth  (for their?)  guilt for becomn' cannibals even mammal's'll stake you, these boys that can overtake you in water we wade through

Chorus

Cus in the pass of my thoughts my mind is sketch, blind and deaf from the bullshit designed to (wrap?) my people where their (..?) are kept.  feelin' like (...)  we watch me and my dogs fight to death

But it's my life I kept, the days and the nights I slept, seekin' divine, reading life from right to left, speakin' my mind, tryin' to stand the test of time, so I invested in rhymes, tryin' to climb.  If it in the best design, whenever I sketch a line or there was a clever line nigga' that pressed on why its cus I'm into moving forward keepin' heads open, new kid on the block goin' to Grand Golden

They say heart is a reflection of you so I hope what I'm destined to do is bring a little bit of Heaven to you. so I'm messaging you, we (reckless ...) and (lessons?) to do whatever u do and keep it movin'