[Verse 1: Uptown XO]
The Holy Tri, who else could do it? You know it’s only them!
Back like the rapture, still doing it for the capital
Worldwide now, we like Earth, Wind & Fire
Superb fly sound, but now bout to take the high of
DC Voltron, Mozart, Beethoven, Bach
Quotables in the Washington Post, y’all
Do it for the cap like we over budget
And overdo it, cause we do it like nobody does it
A young’n, which y’all like the best-o
Five mic the Metro, a hand sight, freedom for the ghetto
We claiming  the torch, claiming they wrong
We came in the door, dropping along till the gimmicks put a stop in the pause
Let’s say hello to the ending!
What started you all but true intentions?
The rhythm was the root of it all
See you later, it’s never goodbye
When the spirit comes back in the music, now you know why
March!

[Scratched Hook]

[Verse 2: yU]
Wale ? This is the ship that tipped the scale
When you're riding up on the edge, you're almost dying to hit the tail
That young’n hunger like you’re missing meals, different feels
Spinnin’ wheels, you tryna live your dream till it kills
Romans get stolen like the feet that still in fail
No zooming on any human more than you do yourself
You get a L?! Just know at the end of the day that you did it well
If not than keep rocking, lock in your target and bang!
Aim high, cause otherwise you’ll see I loath life, bitch
I push forward, knowing that don’t nobody owe Mike shit
I do what  make more sense and roll with great folks
That ain’t no glitch, we make pesos and stay focused
Upon the greater the wait up for later, that may never come
Now also get the choke that’s be taken for anyone
Taught not to run, never stop, knowing them cops won’t come
But still we March on Washington
Come on!

[Scratched Hook]

[Verse 3: Oddisee]
This is what I give ‘em, wisdom over rhythm
From the District to the prison with bars, and stars as the emblem
Where I get what I came from, they doing now what I been done
I'm doing that, and then some, from extra I make an income
I’m a beast from the East, the product of hard streets
Hard to eat – smaller the beast, margin larger the teeth
Man, it’s just the way it go, if I wanna say it so
Say it knowing you ain’t posting too high to be layin’ low
Different day, same shit, same script, different play
This is the way of the world and I’m just tryna fit in place
And tryna play the part of a mockery to my art
So anything I do is a part of me from the start
I’m getting better sleep while these niggas lying awake
Keep it moving with the troop while niggas lying in place
Only fill deals on the counter, ain’t for the fakes!
DMV, where we're known as the greatest!
Keep up with the pace!

[Scratched Hook]