[Intro]
I hope ya'll (?)
(?)
This for the cities we reside in
When we ride you hear that pounding
Victory is in our voices ya'll
That is our culture they exploit huh
Been a long time ya'll
'Till we cross that finish line ya'll

[Verse 1 - Oddisee]
I'm committed, I'm committed
I'm committed to this life that I'm living
Ain't no use in quitting, this the only one i got
So Imma make the best of it, like a compilation disc is
This is, the motion of a march, Bonaparte
My soldiers know that it's cold, but we enlisted
No foams on my feet, but there's (?) in my drums
So you already know that where I'm from, don't be dumb
And we 'gon make you understand our language like the British
Go head with all that, young, and nice slim vicious
That's what the city whisper in my ear when I come visit
I could kick it, and the area I'm from ain't nothing different
Because my people know that when I travel, I'm just marching on a mission
To introduce to the globe, that we the gifted
Exquisite at this rap, so cover me in paper
I'm marching to the bank, my shoe box went into labor

[Hook]
I hope ya'll (?)
(We gotta march on)
(?)
(I say we gotta march on)
This for the cities we reside in
(We gotta march on)
When we ride you hear that pounding
(I say we gotta march on)
Victory is in our voices ya'll
(That's why we march on)
That is our culture they exploit huh
(I say we gotta march on)
Been a long time ya'll
(We got to march on)
'Till we cross that finish line ya'll
(Yea we gotta march on)

[Verse 2 - yU]
If this the last dance, check out my grand stance
We deep rooted, keep moving, spreading the brand
Cham-pion that freedom flow, We 'gon stampede 'em
Ask amigos how we go, they say the trios that (?)
Freshest they say, bless us with the presses like Smeagol
Tend to write regal, making a reboot
My rhyme book is a easel, and I'm spilling that acrylic over the page
Motivate, multiply, apologize, fold away
Every levee, every time I demonstrate, how we lift away
True you are who you are, but um, this is what you ain't
A  myth the day, can we forget the history
Loud enough to turn the mic up, and ain't got shit to say
And thisa way, turn your full head thisa way
Attention span short, (?)
Nobody want to put in that work, yet they want to be bosses
If your taken what you're given, then you're living like corpses
Get rich, and put your picture in the portrait
Then tell who ever sent you, Diamond District is the fortress
We lighting torches, when we combining forces
Writing like the 63, 28 for office

[Hook]

[Verse 3 - Uptown XO]
Uh-
You got that chain you 'gon die for?
You got that Benz, you 'gon ride for it?
You the niggas I came down from the sky for?
That's what God said nigga, it ain't my fault
You got your gift, you 'gon make money with it?
You could go right, or left, breadwinner, or bummy nigga
You got your rights, you 'gon stand for 'em
No question on this side, 'cuz we (?)
I'mma say what's needed on this platform
Trayvon died in the grass ya'll
Jay late for (?), instead of (?) y'all
(?), god of war, preserved, to put the plaques on
2093 'till, like (?) waiting
Watch how we transcend over imitations
With no limitations, ya'll perpetrating
We demonstrating, the long awaited
Oh you like that real shit up in your speakers?
If you riding down in Georgia nigga go to Rita's
Oh I use to live on (?), that's right after (?)
Grew up like, you in the field, or you on the bleachers
Uh! You want your moms out the hood right?
Roaches crawling in, and out your good Nikes
Landlord saying dirty days
That was the (?) for my dirty ways
But when its all said, and done
There's a special place where we from
Fuck the battles, we carry our shit to the sun
Destined to win, we are the ones