Alright, I'm sick, but I've gotta do this
So important

I just wanna thank you

[Verse: Isaiah Velez]
Thought that I should maybe send a thank you to my people
I am who I am cuz of ya’ll; hella grateful
So when they see me, they really see you, I’m see thru
You helped me shape my story, til He come back for the sequel
That’s right, you each have put a paintbrush to my life
Every color of the palette, ya’ll are painting day and night
And sometimes the art was sweet, and so peaceful
And others times the brush was rough, and felt evil
But
A beautiful picture is all that’s been painted
Been shaping this album to try to give the people a fragment
A frag-ment, huh, of the door that ya’ll created
Every beauty, every monster, got it all incorporated
On a quest to find myself, and God gave me you
Yeah, without all ya’ll
I don’t know what I would do
I’m just a shepherd with some adamantium inside his bones
But un-like Logan, I know that I am never alone
I’ve got you


I thank you

[To You]
This album could not have been done without the contributions of so many people. So many people

First things first, I gotta thank the producers of this album. Most of ya’ll will probably never hear this, but your gifts have helped me use my gifts and I couldn’t have done this without you. I’m talking Oddisee (look him up), Asaiah Ziv (keep being you), Anthony Cruz (YOU’RE A BEAST), Flip, Harlow, and of course the homie, Chuck. Thank you for believing in me, Chuck

Ay, and thank you to the whole VSWORLD production team for blessing this project and supporting the growth. That’s Gabe, Manny, Mikey, Marz, and yo shoutout to Ezzy, I know I only met you once, bro but DROP THAT PROJECT, FAM

I have to thank my Loudmouth Family for the constant love and support. The environment we share has been inspiring and beautiful, and I thank ya’ll

I gotta thank all of ya’ll I went to grade school with for the support. High school was hell for me, but it helped me lock my eyes on heaven, so I thank ya’ll

I gotta thank my Church, Pastor Mike, Lisa, Ashley & Gabe, Ryan & Kara, Pauline, Paul Garcia, Miss Jamel, and of course the Risen King Youth. I love you all, and couldn’t be where I am without you. Thank you for letting me be me

I gotta thank Nyack College and everything it has done for me and my family. This hillside has been the platform for my lift-off, and words can’t express how valuable that’s been. If you work at or go to Nyack and are listening to this; I thank you. From the bottom of my heart, I thank you

I thank all the features on this album, Yahveh with the out-of-this world spoken word on Clouds, Manny for the mentorship and for that lyrical Gold at the end of Treasure, Marcus for the transparency and support, Phil the Zero for inspiring me to even pick the pen up, my sister Iza for FINALLY using your voice, and the More Than Conquerors Gospel Choir for putting the Beauty and the Beast in Beauty in the Beast. Mike Perry if you EVER STOP SINGING, I'M GOING TO FIND YOU, AND I'M GOING TO TAKE YOUR LIFE

I have to thank the bros from the 2016 Miami trip, Aaron, Uncle Wilky, DV, and of course Wilson aka Edwin I appreciate the crap out of ya’ll. A couple of tracks from this album were birthed from convos of that trip, so I thank you

I thank the Round Table, Thom and Luis, and I gotta thank Travaughn and Tyler. Ya'll wisdom is insane. Thank you so much!

Thank you Rich Smiles, for cutting my nappy hair, and blessing my bleeding soul with wise words and good vibes. You are a great man, destined to do great things. I thank you

Thank you to Boris R-r-r-r-r-egalado, you an INTEGRAL, INTEGRAL piece of life and my story, and I thank you for your wisdom and brotherly love

There's so many freaking names I have yet to thank

Thank you to Alexa, you’re an amazing person, and you need to recognize that
Thank you Anna and Zannah, I genuinely appreciate you. Seriously
To Rachel Snyder, thanks for being a part of my story, friend!
Thank you to Van and his fiancé Sarah, ya’ll are real, and remind me to be real too
Thank you to Dailyn Davila, my English major buddy. Love you, girl!
Thank you to Brad McDuffie. Each of our conversations have been priceless knowledge gained. Couldn't write right without your wisdom!
Thank you to Matt and Jason at the freaking cafeteria. The cafe was my first job, and I started to rap while washing dishes, crazy. Thank you
Thank you to DAN WARE and JOSEPH JOUBERT. Y'all already know y’all are my brothers FOR LIFE. Thank you for letting God use you when I needed it most, and please never forget I’m better than both ya’ll in CoD. Shoutouts to your wives!
Thank you to Caitlyn Thomas. I love you. And I’m supah duper positive your future will be amazing. So, thank you for the greatest adventure of all time
Thank you to Daniel Kiernan, DK-47 with the banana clips, and that “DK-FIRE”, my brother, I love you and am excited for your next year. Keep letting God use you
Thank you to Sean Calderon. You already know what I’m thanking you for. Make sure not to tie that red head band too tight, aight?
Thank you to Conor Halcott. I am firmly sure, that there isn’t a more genuine guy out there. Thanks for the not just the withdrawal but the deposit, too. Real recognize real

I thank all of my extended family. Your support is irreplaceable

Thank you to my siblings for letting me be your big brother. Iza, Jada, Javi-baby, I love ya’ll

Thank you to Ma and Pops. You’ve reminded me God’s got me even when I thought my world was falling apart. And you’ve always protected me from what the enemy has thrown my way. I love you both. I do this for you

YO I THANK MY BOY STEVE, AKA WONDER, AKA STAIN EM STEVE, AKA CARL, YOU ARE NOT JUST MY BEST FRIEND, YOU ARE MY BROTHER. And you’ve got loyalty, got loyalty in your DNA. Keep singing, keep writing, and start believing in yourself. Watch the world change

And of course, God, Jesus, Father, I thank you
You gave me the gift. Who am I not to use it

Thank you to you! The one listening to this whole project. I pray your life is touched by the music, and I promise there’s only more to come

I’m just getting started