[Hook] {x2}
Who do you call when you want it all
Flow, style, lyrics, voice, content?
Can I get a yes y'all (Yes y'all!)
Who do you call for the raw hip hop?
(J.L.I.V.E.)
Put 'em to the test y'all

[Verse One]
I let a rhyme find my mind like a premonition
Ripping through rhythm I give 'em a purpose and a mission
The mission is to attract ears and make 'em listen
The purpose is to hit ya hard with the shit ya missing
Extract the memories of wack rhyme writers
Like unnecessary organs I'm performing appendicitis
The ill alliance of magic and science
With the mic in my clutch
I'm like an alchemist but with the touch of Midas
I take a flow to a local show and infect
The house microphones with a career ending type of virus
So if the headliners next with a lesser text
They gets carpal tunnel syndrome and arthritis
Me and mics conspire to inspire
Buyers of music to be choosey and wanna diss liars
That's why cats been trying to shoot me down for years
Like incarcerated pyromaniacs though they miss fire/misfire

[Hook]

[Verse Two]
Who do you call when your ears need mouth to mic resuscitation
And your headphones is suffocating?
Who do you call when you lose patience for the station's oversaturation
Stunting your matchuration?
Who do you call when your fears and nightmares, dominate your contemplation
And you need a theme song to face 'em?
Who do you call when you got about five minutes left to hear some dope shit
And you can't afford to waste 'em?
Who do you call when you need a song strong enough to lead
To a devil's resignation or capitulation?
Who do you call when a wack record terror alert
Starts to flirt with a code red situation?
Who do you call when the air's so thick with bullshit
Your speakers are the only source of ventilation?
Who do you call for the immaculate concept
To fuck up your whole head with no trace of penetration?

[Hook]

[Verse Three]
I breathe live over dead samples
Cause you either lead by examples or get made an example of
The two remaining options: Follow or get trample
One way or another your decisions will stamp you on the forehead
So go ahead, all aboard and my footprints
Will lead you down a road less traveled
Than what's called on Jordan on a hardwood floor
When the score was a blowout and the ref wasn't sure
But you can rest assured
The path I've beaten over beats
Is secure by facts and observations I've stored on tour
Whether or not you choose to call this "hardcore"
With hip hop got you bored consider yourself cured
My pen and my tongue is a double fisted, double edged sword
Opponents are ordered to be drawn and quartered
To quadruple your slaughter
My wisdom is the purest [?] rap has ever thought of

[Hook]