[Verse 1: Tranqill]
Tranq on that ish again, back to the grill again
No time for waste man, they bitch cause they feminine
Brown sugar, cinnamon, just 'bout my women friend
Stay up on that cash ting, no hate cause I'm livin', kid
Shots if you on yours, small drawers and top floors
Some love to hate, yo, piss out champagne though
Everybody claimin' that money I feel they fakin'
While them constipated rappers be missing me with their bailiff
But I'm right, I'm doin' me, damn, right, I'm doin' me
Stack pounds on pounds, so fams nice, we're jammin' (we're jammin')
Eatin' good, just like we always should
Know me and how I stay, sucker free out the gate
Been up on my Jones, get money, don't make it home
The streets is steady watchin', them bitches, they wanna bone
Frienemies, they be plottin', I pray that I make it home
Just know I'm always ready for the ride, like right

[Hook: Tranqill] x2
Worse before better, worse before better
Them men, they don't peck where I'm from
Brought down, get up, knock down, get up
If you're on my vibe catch a vibe

[Verse 2: Oddisee]
Just a little flex like, boys wanna test like
I don't know they're fake, and they go on dates with a flesh light
Comin' to you live from the county of Prince Georges
Where men learn how to live cause we're comprehended what death like
Product of the wishes to jump up out of the ditches
You better learn to step right, we don't believe in no forfeits
Yeah come correct like every day is my best night
So let me get the check while you bother to do the dishes
I'm smarter than you predicted so quit it before you start it
My presence raised the rent in the buildin' 'til you evicted
Keep up the pace, keep up the chase
You don't like me when you sight me, best to keep up the face
I run a lot that you don't know about
Showin' out'll get you thrown out, free up the space, go on out
I'm diggin' in the trenches to relax in the Sun
Romancin' when the tragedies done
One

[Hook] x2

[Outro: Guy & Interviewer]
Uhh... smart. Way smarter, way smarter than your average bear. And y-you gotta get that right off the tab, like you... First things first, listening to Oddisee, there are just a couple of things you're gonna have to acknowledge that are gonna go over your head. Like just get ready for that, like... Him--- can I, can I throw Blu in too? Can I put 'em both in kinda in the same thing?
They're both on the list. Knock yourself out!
Him, him and Blu, him and Blu I feel, Oddisee and Blu are two dudes who I think are great for the "rewind factor" in hip-hop. I think we've lost... we've dumbed it down to the point where we want things to be like, super simple. We just want everybody to get it and these are two dudes who I don't think really focus on that. Like I don't really think they focus on you getting it. I think they'd rather have you keep up with them. Like actually use your brain for more than a hat rack. And--and, you know... go ahead and keep pace with what's going on in the music and if you need to rewind it, rewind it. There's no shame in that. You need to look something up, look it up. There's no shame in that. But like as far as like, where the concepts are gonna go and... and uh, you know, what the lyrics are gonna be like, Blu and Oddisee are like a couple of dudes who really hold that mark solid. And I think the only... only thing that keeps them from being bigger than they are if that's even like, I mean... Not that that--- I don't mean to insult them in any way, shape, form, or fashion, but I think the only thing that keeps them from being mainstream is the fact that they won't dumb down. Like they're still fighting--- I don't know if it's even fighting the good fight