[Verse 1]
I've been learning how to be quiet, I've been learning how to be violent
Have my demonstration in silence or just end the waiting with riots
Put my business out in that street or be discreet with mine and keep minding
Turn that cheek of mine and keep smiling or my peeps and I be wilin'
All these rules are made for upholding, pick up pieces of them I broke and
Best protect my neck cause Inspectah Deck said they be out for your throat and
I'm just breathing out in the open being fresh is all that I know and
Just now learning about discerning how we reap the garden we sow and
Yeah my karma bad and I know it, any heart I've had, I done stole it
I got a haunting past and a daunting task of owning up to my calling
Any mess I made from the dress I dropped and the dresser top where I left a note
Expressing why I just shut the door and left the spot was definitely not
The smartest choice but heart and voice don't always see things eye to eye
Bird and bee sting ain't a you and me thing, just the laws that life applied
That I'm living by and I'm getting by and this is why, I watch my back
When karma attacks I just want to be ready, but ain't no preparing for that, rock steady

[Hook]
Is it all about the business? Yeah and nah
All for the music and lyrics? Yeah and nah
Do I fuck with niggas? Yeah and nah
Do I care about who gon' hear? Yeah and nah
Am I in it for the fame? Yeah and nah
Do I care if you know my name? Yeah and nah
And do I like to entertain? Yeah and nah
Am I really built for this game? Yeah and nah

[Verse 2]
One eye always open, attentions undivided
Focusing while y'all scoping in on the moves I make cause I'm rising
This yeast flow from the east coast, three piece flow and this bespoke
Never off of consignment, what y'all speak when I don't be buying
I judge a nigga off what he do, not what he say or who he with
Y'all talk but ain't even bout shit, let them keep gossiping, I don't mind them
Pathetic really I find them cause their future seems behind them
And they mad at me cause I gradually presume with my inclining
I got no choice, this all I know, this all I want, this all I do
Don't blame me, you the man in the mirror but the fingers pointing, all at you
While y'all was drinking and smoking, I was thinking and knowing this would happen
Y'all was hoping for action, I was making it so a ship with a captain
Cutting out all the distractions, can't make a living relaxing, already learned
Nobody giving me turns, that is no question so don't bother asking
I just go for the match and stay on the path and burn, this shit is lasting
Life is a test of your nerves, only a bitch would think I'm a bastard, word

[Hook]
Is it all about the business? Yeah and nah
All for the music and lyrics? Yeah and nah
Do I fuck with niggas? Yeah and nah
Do I care about who gon' hear? Yeah and nah
Am I in it for the fame? Yeah and nah
Do I care if you know my name? Yeah and nah
And do I like to entertain? Yeah and nah
Am I really built for this game? Yeah and nah