[Interlude]
When they see you are inferior do not believe a word they say. Fiends. Resist. When they say they need billions of dollars to build bonds instead of schools open your eyes. Fiends. Resist. When they say they want to reserve our way of life so they must take life, this is a lie. Resist. Super Mook. Speak truth of power, do not comply.

[Verse 1]
Listen up, I'm gone like ET
No prone alloy, all white GT
Waking up early morning not easy
Bas is a fiend, snort 'til at least 3
Coming up, watch me peak
White home with a loan, this not DC, but I be the president
Run the confederate of the generous
Well, bitches never sell a bit
Trying to get in my city better sell a bit
Sell a bit, sell 'Piff, nigga sell a brick
Sell tricks up, make your stretch boy
New Jigster, that's my next toy
Going like Wall Street after exploits
Off that, bomb weed that I explore
Calmly, board the next plane at the airport
Where I'm going? Who knows
Anywhere it ain't snowing with two hoes
Penthouse, condo with two floors
Dipping through minor coke and two doors
New ports, shit, they ain't hotter than me
Kick up my feet like an [?] G'
Wake up, my bed makes itself
Bake up, inhale, take deep breath

[Interlude 2]
Do not believe. Do not accept. Do not be afraid. Do not surrender. Do not judge. Super Mook. Do not [?] against my neighbor.

[Verse 2]
So high I can never find a fucking thing
But I always find my fucking bling
Where was I?
Riding on the rings
Saturn, swagger, got me all rapping out of pattern
Smoking good, give your bitch wood like a tavern
If they could, bet them niggas would
Doesn't matter, cause they can't serve them hoes
They ain't on a platter, took my bank
Eminem, nigga Marshall Mathers
That's a couple milli' hoe, stuntin' like a video
Burning on the piccolo, green
New York City Fiend
City colder than the ghoster
EDM mean
Streets like a cobra, until you get bitten you probably wouldn't even know what I mean
They ask, but they never know what I seen
So busy trying to scheme a nigga forgot to dream
I'm dreamin' lucid
Chess not checkers ya'll niggas stupid
Bet's not check cause ya'll niggas foolish
Bas serve 'em hot ya'll at the [?]
Damn, revenge is a dish best served cold
So, I wish that to them assholes
Yeah, wave goodbye to my last goals
Set sight on the flag poles
Bas