Uh
Another day, another flight
Another city, what a fuckin’ night
Damn baby, drop that ass, twerk it right
15 stamps in a month that was somethin’ light

Like work, like way
Life’s good, scratch that, life’ great
She’s cool, got that nice cake
Thanksgiving plate, baby I'll scrape
She fend a finale
But she spaz and I wait
A half an hour late
Thicker than a snicker, fuck it i'll wait
She said her date so out dated

They say nothin’ is free but she do it for me
Shorty poppin’ some E then she poppin’ for me
And she rollin’. Yea, she rollin’
Them niggas with me. Yea, my niggas believe
Everything that we need, they gon get it through me
And we rollin’. Yea, we rollin’

2-11 sippin’ on a 6 road
Why you niggas trippin’ like you licking toads?
On another level and them bitches know
So niggas want my seat, I’m like that’s a rope
Kill the noise bitch, I’m a professional
She know it’s comin’, I’m the next to blow
Got her signin’ all the fuckin’ checks with an axonal
All I do is look, yea my shit is exceptional
You slippin’ boy, you f’in low
I’m shinin’, got fluorescent glow
Nigga, climb up to my pedestal
You was lookin’ good right here, never muckin’ boo ras
Smokin’ good ‘round here
Late day, 3-65 that’s a round year
My trip 16 zips that’s a pound there
My chick fantastic, bust it down there
Her lips so thick, yea they pucker down there

They say nothin’ is free but she do it for me
Shorty poppin’ some E then she poppin’ for me
And she rollin’. Yea, she rollin’
Them niggas with me. Yea, my niggas believe
Everything that we need, they gon get it through me
And we rollin’. Yea, we rollin’

Land at la guardia and on the same day
Fly out of JFK, that’s just a play away
Girl, let’s get away
I know you sippin’ pinot chilly like it’s pinot shay
Okay, I’m in the UK like I work out
Bitch, I’m droppin’ down
Scout the club fuckin’ twerked out
Bitch, I’m buyin’ rounds
Mayor out in Gotham
Bitch, I run the town
She say usually it cost ‘em
But I’mma hold you down

They say nothin’ is free but she do it for me
Shorty poppin’ some E then she poppin’ for me
And she rollin’. Yea, she rollin’
Them niggas with me. Yea, my niggas believe
Everything that we need, they gon get it through me
And we rollin’. Yea, we rollin’