[Produced by BBP]

[Verse 1: Bas]
I thank god for the blizzard, we snowed in
Girl you lookin' like you rode in on a piff cloud
Was it frozen? and where the piff now? are you holdin'?
Cause I damn sure is lil' mama, newsflash, this shit potent
Lil' mama leave ya baggage at the door, please check yo shit
Cause that's yo biz, lil' mama me and you
Well we here for another reason
It's December but i'm feelin' like another season
Cause the flowers in June gon' sing a love tune
And a howl at the moon, tell her bring ya love soon
Sharper than a harpoon, yeah, shorty wetter than a monsoon
Yeah, I read your colors like a cartoon
But this purple say we depart soon, gone

[Hook]
Can we take a little trip?
We'll be gone couple hours
We don't need a private jet
Shorty get up on this dower

[Verse 2: Bas]
You take me high like a seaside tidal wave
Final days we spend 'em confined inside a cave
With a moat of Hennessy, marijuana blaze
Liquor flowin' in the sleet, whole 'lotta haze
Whole 'lotta chicks wanna take ya place though
You the only one I could never replace though
They might replicate yo style
Can't replicate yo smile, you on hold
Ain't no doubt, could you wait here for a while?
Could you be the one that's always gon' look out for me?
See them birds on my arm and know it's falconry
Cause you elevate me higher than a balcony
But when you high, girl you always start to doubtin' me
Why? I know, that kush is paranoia
Type of shit to make 'em look and think they never saw ya
I ain't toyin' wit ya girl, I'm tryna tell ya
I'll be ya Ray Liotta, now that's a good fella

[Hook]
Can we take a little trip?
We'll be gone couple hours
We don't need a private jet
Shorty get up on this dower

[Verse 3: Bas]
We super mooked, high, I look in ya eyes
And, ask you if you down to take a ride, yeah
Stroll up on a prairie house and steal the pie from 'em
No need to roll another one cause you a fly woman
Kind woman, divine woman
But if you disrespect [?] Genghis Khan woman
I'm pullin' for you cause you marathon runnin'
Life is so cruel you had better times honey but
It's always stormy 'fore the beautiful day
And, sometimes you corny in the cutest of ways
And, a bit annoying cause you blew all my haze, but it's cool
Now you horny cause you blew all my haze
Got me in a daze girl, yeah, cause ya strength make me brave girl
Take a gaze, I know it's dark, but me and you?
Could never get estranged world

[Hook]
Can we take a little trip?
We'll be gone couple hours
We don't need a private jet
Shorty get up on this dower