[Intro: Bizarre]
Rockstar!

[Verse 1: Bizarre]
What time's the show, fuck it I ain’t going (Yeah)
It's sunny outside but in my room it's snowing (Cocaine)
Sold-out show, somewhere in Alaska (I don’t know)
Dirty white bitch, says she's from Nebraska
Who got heroin? (Yeah)
Who got dust? (Bizarre did)
Grab your book bag and ride with us (Come ride with us)
I boss niggas, toss niggas, I off niggas (Uh-huh)
These some soft niggas that think these niggas off, nigga (Blah)
Bizarre's insane when I go on tour (You know it)
No more to pay the money, shit slammed the door (Fuck it)
Last American, be all we can be
Sleep with me and catch this STD (Ohhh)
Backstage, I keep it real foggy (Woo)
Gucci shower cap, I fuck a bitch doggy (Daddy?)
Yeah that's doggystyle
Yeah bitch, with no condom either

[Hook: King Gordy]
American rockstar! (American rockstar!)
They praise me like Jesus (They praise me like Jesus)
I'm on cookies and cocaine (Cookies and cocaine)
California dreamin' (California dreamin')
American rockstar! (American rockstar!)
We made 'em believe us (We made ’em believe us)
I’m high off cookies and cocaine (Cookies and cocaine)
California dreamin'

[Verse 2: King Gordy]
Well
Congregations say "Hey man", good lord, yes
She died at least nine times on me
Time flies when you’re high, don't it
In my mind I was in the sky soaring like an eagle
To wake up in a bathroom surrounded by some people
In a uniform with defibrillators, shit is major
When I wake up Imma need me a wake-up I'm in danger
But I'm puking, that boy keeps calling us
Turning me into the prom fiend is not enough
With more dope fooling us, boom, this shit is so amazing
Any dope left in that needle? Can I have some? With your greatest
See, that’s heroin talk, man I barely can walk
Not enough standing up but I parallel it alright, I guess
Some say I should just check into a rehab, but we laugh
As I stick a syringe in my weakass viens
I'm running out of options this is it
My arm and neck is hit, only place left is my dick

[Hook: King Gordy]
American rockstar! (American rockstar!)
They praise me like Jesus (They praise me like Jesus)
I'm on cookies and cocaine (Cookies and cocaine)
California dreamin' (California dreamin')
American rockstar! (American rockstar!)
We made 'em believe us (We made 'em believe us)
I'm high off cookies and cocaine (Cookies and cocaine)
California dreamin' (Hahahahahahahahaha)