[Bizarre] This is a bad day

{Motherfucker you need to get up and find yo' ass a job!
I'm sick of you just laying around all day long playin Nintendos
They don't even make Nintendos no more
Where the hell you find that shit at?
And I KNOW that you can find a job, yo' bus pass is in yo' wallet
I seen that shit yesterday, you just sit up all day
Lie lie lie, eat eat eat, drink drink drink
You don't do SHIT, I'm SICK OF YOU!!}

[Bizarre]
Yeah - just wakin up in the mornin gotta thank God
Got my ass cheeks stuck to a fishing rod
Where's the dogs, ain't no frogs
Momma cookin breakfast with no logs (yeah)
I got my grub on, but didn't pig out
No Thanksgiving so we eatin, carry out (damn)
This dude came through my front do' (you dead punk!)
He said I wouldn't live to see a twenty-fo'
I gotta go cause I got on flip-flops
If I slow down, then my feet'll drop
Had to stop, at the red light
Everybody laughin at my yellow dirt bike (ha ha!)
And everything's all right
I got a beep from Sherri, she's a transvestite
Called up my homies and I'm askin y'all
Bring twenty, bottles of alcohol
Playin football and I'm trouble
They gave me the ball, I fumbled (oh shit!)
And I can't believe, my best friend's gay
Today was a bad day

[Interlude]
Yeah, today was fucked up
Ay man get a scene for these niggas
Today was a bad day (ooh-ahhhhh, ohhhhhhh)
Let 'em know how fucked it was (ooh-ahhhhh, ohhhhhh)
Goddamn, today was fucked up!

[Bizarre]
I bust my ass in the shower
Got on this fresh new baby powder
Just yesterday these fools tried to blast me
Saw the police, and got my ass beat (oh shit!)
No flexin, whooped my ass, in the intersection
Should I shoot, that's the question
Went to Big Fam house, they watchin "Rap City"
Shootin them craps, I got fifty
Shake 'em up, shake 'em up, shake 'em up, shake 'em
A circle of niggas, watch me all fake 'em
They beat my ass, I need nine, nine-eleven
They threw my ass through the back do' (ohhhhh)
And took all my cash flow
Punched me in the chest, and kicked me in the asshole
I just found out, my best friend's gay
Today was a bad day

[Interlude]
Today was all fucked up, rainin and shit
Ay (ooh-ahh, ohhhhhh-ohhhhhhh)
Today was a bad day - sing that shit (ooh-ahh)
Hahahaha (ohhhhhhhh)
Yeah (ooh-ahhh, ohhhhhhh)
Sing that shit nigga - today was fucked up!

[Bizarre]
Left my homey's house paid
Picked up this chick been tryin to rape since the 12th grade (bitch)
It's ironic, the pistons is the man
And Artest fired on a fan - damn! (I seen that shit)
Took a trip to Miami
Got my ass beat at the 21st Grammy's
My dick is so weak, so weak
So weak I put my own ass to sleep (damn!)
Woke her up around one (get up)
And didn't hesitate, to say that she didn't cum (I didn't cum)
Ridin down 7 Mile coastin
Smokin on the potion, rubbin on some baby oil lotion
And nothin seems to work out
She smacked me in the face, and murked out
Today was like one of those bad dreams
Jackin off, with a bowl full of whipped cream (ahh, ahh!)
Helicopter looking for the murder
Two in the mornin got the Coney Island burger
Even where the lights of the Goodyear Blimp
And it read, "Bizarre ain't shit!"
Drunk as hell, and I'm throwin up
Pager cut off, so you know it ain't blowin up (nah, uh-uh)
I found out that my best friend was gay
Today was a bad day

[Outro]
It's been a fucked up afternoon
Been a fucked up weekend - ay (ooh-ahhh)
Sing that shit nigga (ohhhhhhh)
Today was a bad day
Sing what that bitch be singin (ooh-ahhhh, ohhhhhhhh)
Just like Ice Cube be singin, sing just like that (ooh-ahhhh)
Hahahaha (ohhhhhhhh)
The "Hannicap Circus" y'all - today was fucked up!
Comin soon, Bizarre, "Hannicap Circus"
Today was a bad day motherfucker
Fuck y'all...