[Bizarre]
Yeah.. (woof)
Yeah.. (woof)

[Hook: Bizarre]
I'm ripped, I'm on a acid trip
My DJ's in a coma for lettin' the record skip
(slowed down) Lettin' the record skip
(speeded up) Lettin' the record skip
(distorted) Lettin' the record skip

[VERSE 1: Bizarre]
Wow.. shit.. son of a bitch
Say shit three times in a row like I don't give a shit (bitch, bitch!)
God dammit.. son of an ass
Ladies and gentlemen, Bizarre's a dumb-ass (hehehe)
Sayin' cusswords like Too $hort
Eatin' pork of all sorts in the middle of New York
Beatin' my meat, watchin' Sesame Street
Fuck the sheet, I'll bust on my little niece
She's so sweet, a six-year-old freak
Want me to bust right between her ass cheeks
You ever met a guy with Cancer who refused Chemo?
Callin' the doctor a hobo and doin a two-week promo
That's me, a fuckin' G
I'll probably be dead by the end of this CD
And VD, I probably caught it
Crack in your neighborhood? I probably brought it..

[Hook] x2

[VERSE 2: Young Miles]
When this Hennessy get into me
Man, I talk shit until I lose my mind like Kennedy
The bottom line: I ain't feelin' yo ass
So when the pump's in your car, it ain't to fill it with gas
Nigga, it's Young Miles, I'm the boss of the crime
You don't know another nigga that's as hard as I
I clap a nigga in his ride, then I toss the nine
I'm at your wake with a bomb, now your coffin flyin' {explosion}
Tryna say I ain't the best of this reppin'
Man, you got it fucked up like sex in heaven
And I can gun you down, I don't fuck around
I'll have you sleepin' up underground (that's right)
So when your boy lend a man a pipe
Bitch niggas better run like they scared for they life
And when I pop the thing
Even the niggas in the crowd catch shots like a hockey game

[Hook] x2

[VERSE 3: Bizarre]
I'm a grown ass man that's an obsessed Usher fan
I wanna rub his back and put on his headband
Me and Fleece, still workin at Wendy's
Sniffin dope, with my girlfriend Kimmy
Fuck a cup, I'll piss in your butt
Tell my grandfather to shut the fuck up, while I piss in his butt
Can't be around kids, my brain will splatter
I ain't readin books, I'm pullin' on Pampers
Cause I don't give a shit, fuckin' a bitch, 86
"He just told you he don't give a shit"
Grandmother 86, my grandfather would nut in his butt
I'm a goddamn nut!