[Intro: Machine Gun Kelly & Charlamagne Tha God]
You know what I'm saying like I don't see like how you can like listen to that and not like be like that's... doesn't move me man

[Bridge: Rob Twizz]
That ain't it chief, that ain't it chief, that ain't it chief, that ain't it chief, y-y-you the rap devil, m-maybe when hell freeze,  I squeeze machine gun clips till it's empty. (ah)

[Verse 1: Rob Twizz]
(Brrr) Yo Em hit me up I heard fuckboy tryna come for the crown
Got albanians posted up in Detroit right now
Your mom left you like a blind left you I come to Cleveland get down
You 6'4 I got 6 4's make a pussy boy hit the ground
And I've been a beast fuck a friend I'd rather make an enemy
Catch your face all up in Puff's ass you a bad boy human centipede Tell me lace up I choke you with the same shoes strings on your nmds
How the fuck you Machine Gun Kelly when the real one come from Tennessee (haaaa)
You feminine e-s-t straight estrogen
Real bad boys get the benjamin you a [?]
Ain't not rap devil don't back peddle when machine guns hits your ligaments

'Real Slim Shady can't stand' up but you on your knees sucking diddy's dick
Think you rap nice 'cuz you rap fast for rap fans ain't that stupid
My man shooting like [?] we see through em like Sambuca
Heard your first name's Little Richard that just makes you sound a little bitcher, single dad from the midwest I could make your baby mom a little richer
Wild boy (wild boy), this ain't it (this ain't it)
4th of July seen a cracker get lit ([?])
One more tip, get off me or change dick
Only time you had a hit 'cuz Camila on that shit (that's a fact)
Think you slick say you [?] (bitch where?)
David Blaine you gon' me to Trick Trick
Cock back yo Biz' let it rip like Ray J hat we gon' move every clip ([?])

[Verse: Bizarre]
The bounty hunter's looking for me (bounty hunter's looking for me)
This bad bitch cooking for me (bad bitch cooking for me)
Roll another big swisher (roll another big swisher)
You suck like Matt Patricia (what's up?)
T-these percs' ain't got no tylenols, I be trippin' off these adderals (all night!)
And Cleveland long [?], bout to do a drive by on MG (gunshot)
We snatchin' niggas necklace (snatchin' niggas necklace), we starvin', we eating niggas breakfast (yeah!)
They tough but I'm tougher (yeah!), they rough but I'm rougher (yeah!)
Left, right I hurt niggas, big .45 I murk niggas
Don't ever speak on my team, or get shot with the beam

[Bridge: Rob Twizz]
Fuck it, okay

[Verse 2: Rob Twizz]
I'm gonna hit them with the bed night chapter, it's a bout to be another dead white rapper
TMZ gon' put the headline after he the second bad boy that turned past the fuck the [?] who the fakest ever this gon' take a second
Interscope had to pay the player's record 'gang gang' but you never raised a weapon (facts!)
Tell me, how your nickname gonna, gonna do this, gonna do that, never got to it, gonna do jack, never been shot, never been stabbed,  never did dirt, never did bad, came for the birds not for the track please don't [?]
Bitch