[Intro]
{​*girl giggling*}​ Stop!
You want me to do what? What are those?
You want me to stick those in your what?
{​*Bizarre laughing*}​

[Hook: Bizarre (Truth Hurts)]
What is on your nasty mind? (nasty mind, nasty mind)
Don't you wanna get fucked from behind? (from behind, from behind)
Then treat me like a dirty slave (dirty slave, dirty slave)
And beat me like I won't behave - I just wanna get freaky, baby!

[Swift]
I'm too Swift on my toes to get caught up with you hoes
You don't know me, see I ain't gotta front or play the role
I'm a KNOW-G, I KNOW when you being phony
See, you probably boning them officers just to pull up on me
That's why sixty percent of women is lonely
They get in my mix only, then try to creep slowly because they nosy
I ain't listen to what, my momma told me
I fuck them and pass to my homies (right)
Then he fuck them and pass them to the homies (take her)
I'm a nasty-ass macaroni; you flashing fast money
You can pass a Roley, FUCK a alimony
If you want me, and ain't out screaming about your monthly
I'll be sticking your pretty ass until you turn ugly (damn!)
You suddenly see stars when fucking me
Ain't no menages, I want 'em in threes, release your garments (trick)
It ain't even me to hold back, I fucked your mom quick
Have her running around this bitch screaming "That's my dick!"

[Kuniva]
Yo, I know I'm dogmatic, but your pussy walls done had it (that's right)
It's evident that you've been fucking like a jackrabbit
But I stay focused, so I acted like I didn't notice (mm-hmm)
And fucked her with no baby lotion and bust in the soapdish
Ho, you can quote this - your breath is smelling like
You done sucked a senior citizen's old dick in goat spit (god damn!)
You gon' get choked quick, talking all that ho shit
All aggressive asking for a slow kiss, no bitch! (the fuck outta here)
You like freaking, see you every night creeping
Sucking off the nice deacons, slut you made his wife leave him (cunt)
So keep slurping I'll be down to the fullest
But forget it bitch, your nipples look like AK bullets

[Hook]

[Kon Artis]
I'm tearing down whatever you built, your marriage is through
Cause I answered your wife's door naked wrapped in a quilt
Hoes say "Kon Artis got a dick so big!"
Man, I can persuade any bitch to have eight of my kids, shit
Bitch, I should be locked up for having honeys' legs cocked up
In the back of my pops truck
I'm not fucked up, I just got a fetish for shooting
Cum in coochie till the pussy is pooting it back out
I 69'ed this one bitch and she bled in my mouth (shit)
Kicked her out, cleaned the couch out, and beat up my crouch
I don't gotta creep in hotels, I cheat at my house
See I'm a dog, I don't need to keep a secret hideout (nahh)

[Bizarre]
All night I've been snorting {​*sniffs*}​
Your age and where you from - it's just not important (nahh)
You look like one of my mistresses
On welfare, ten kids like the rest of my bitches
Dreams of fucking a handicapped bitch
Suck my dick while your teeth start to grit (whore)
And a slave, that's how I want you to treat me
I ain't into S&M, but I love when you beat me (ahhh!)
I told you I was a horny-ass freak
While I'm beating my meat, your daughter acting like she asleep (yeah right)
My love is like thunder and lightning
After it's over, I'm looking like I got my ass kicked by Tyson

[Hook]

[Outro: Bizarre]
I just wanna get freaky, baby!
I just wanna get freaky, baby!
I just wanna get freaky, baby!
I just wanna get freaky, baby!
Freaky baby, he he
I wanna get freaky with you
D12... in your area
And remember, if you looking for Bizarre
Dial 1-900-BEAT-ME