[Intro: Proof]
Ey yo from the politicians to D12
From the revelations of Heaven all the way to Hell
Sun is dying

[Verse 1: Proof]
I ain't trying to go as long as my grandpa
Give the kids the answer, "I had a fight with cancer"
I'm out, please pass the transfer
Don't hold me for ransom, tell Myra her grandson couldn't take it
Whoever knew all these years I grew and wouldn't make it
Tell me if the hood is sacred, then display hell on the block
Snitches, switches, ambitions, now you tell 'em to cock
My future fell on my props, but pop jetted like North West
Of course sex was all he expected, neglected our door step
(Now I feel rejected) so I turn to drugs burning but learned I was stuck with reality
Nothing to hold me down, they fuckin' with gravity
Iron right like they hit on Iron Mike, tryna die tonight
Can't think of one good reason why that fuck should try to fight
And by the life of my children that sit with great women
And it ain't that I'ma loser bitch, I just hate winnin'
It's in the bottom of the eighth inning, swingin' and ain't hittin'
The top up of the night, it's almost over we ain't pitchin'
You ain't even listen the top of the knife
And bitch we ain't pitchin' pitchin'

[Chorus: Proof (Bizarre)]
Nothing but drugs approach me (Approach me)
I won't stop trying to OD (I wanna OD)
Where's the flames or is Heaven smoking? (Is it smoking?)
Asking God, does He really know me? (Do you really know me?)

[Verse 2: Proof]
And what the fuck I wanna be here for?
My friends got money, but it's like they wanna see me poor
But like that homie, shit ain't gon' be no more
'Cause I'ma take you to slope, so you could see me go
It's like scrappin' with a homeless man for his space
It's like a enemy from your past, but you don't know his face
That's it, nothing clever the chorus really listen to it
Ain't no gimmick to it, war we can get into it
This microphone let me spit into it [*proof spit*]
Fuck this game, real shit you didn't do it
This game is a drug, I'ma OD for ya
Vomit the industry lives on a four-leaf clover
In hot pursuit and the Glock will shoot
You can't knock the Proof, one thing I got is truth (What?)
So here's the word to the wise, Big and 'Pac didn't motherfucker
I'm deserving to die, I'm coming

[Chorus: Proof (Bizarre)]
Nothing but drugs approach me (Approach me)
I won't stop trying to OD (I wanna OD)
Where's the flames or is heaven smoking? (Is it smoking?)
Asking God, does he really know me? (Do you really know me?)

[Ad-libs: Bizarre]
Do you really know me motherfucka?
Do you know the shit I been through?
Do you know the drugs I take?
The hoes I fuck? The niggas I beat up?
It's D-12 motherfucka, and you don't know me
Dirty Harry a little skinny motherfucka that'll fuck you up
Chris Rock your brother, bitch

[Chorus: Proof]
Nothing but drugs approach me
I won't stop trying to OD
Where's the flames or is heaven smoking?
Asking God, does he really know me?
Nothing but drugs approach me
I won't stop trying to OD
Where's the flames or is heaven smoking?
Asking God, does he really know me?
Know me!