[Intro: Young Mase (Kuniva)]
New D12! (Yeah)
Plead for your life, niggas! (Yeah, yeah)
You know what time it is!
Kuniva!

[Verse 1: Kuniva]
We're back on the map, spit crack on the track (Oh!)
Niggas try to take our heart, click-clack, give it back
Spit around, I spit it back (Uh), this is how you peel a cap (Yeah)
Give it to 'em face to face (Uh), nothing can [?] (Yo) (D12)
Detroit is a city where niggas gettin' stomped out
Like they puttin' blunts out with they feet, get gunned down
In the street, so what now? When the pump gets pumped out
When the pump thumps hands in the air like touchdown
Lacerations and cuts now, I want his eyes shut now
Hit his ass right now, I don't give a fuck how
You better not [?] nigga, lay a finger on me
Or torch me sideways or even think of swingin' on me (What up? What up?)
Take a chance, come and holler [?] a problem solver
And I'll stretch a hater out further than my last dollar
That's your ass partner, my blood is bubblin' (What?)
I will pop you, grab a passport and move to Dublin (Ha ha)
I'm back in it like a repeated felon, I'm pacin' back and forth
With the heater, sweatin', maybe I should see a reverend
You can feel the anger inside me, I don't hide, see (No)
I let it consume me, won't run, I let it guide me (Yeah)
When most people take a loss they turn to liquor and drugs (Nah)
We took a L, but we turned to pistols and slugs (Blaow)
And I don't have to run after you, the bullets can chase you
Light your whole mouth piece up and give you a facial, nigga (Blaow)

[Chorus: Kuniva]
How's it gonna feel when you pleadin' for your life
By your nightstand in the dark speaking to Christ
While you gettin' duct-taped on your knees with your wife
If you don't believe in God, you believe now, right?
How's it gonna feel when you pleadin' for your life
By your nightstand in the dark speaking to Christ
While you gettin' duct-taped on your knees with your wife
If you don't believe in God, you believe now, right?

[Verse 2: Swifty McVay]
This is your brain on crack, my favorite sport is full contact
But only when the stainless attract (Damn!)
I'm makin' niggas famous overnight, anus full of dynamite
Need ta treat ya life more sacred when you ain't on the mic
We don't need to conversate, you can speak to [?]
I'll abbreviate you, your family, and affiliates
Bleedin' quicker than haemophiliacs when penetrated
Medication's no option, sent away like adoptions (What the fuck?!)
Wilder than a foster juvenile child with an ulcer
Havin' thoughts to finish you in the hospital
I treat this thuggin' like a gospel
Stickin' my rascal in your nostrils is what I get high to
Responsible for drownin' you niggas so [?]
And fuck goggles, you floatin' in a swamp with a mongoose
I'm on you like you caught with a tape recorder
I ignore restrainin' orders, I'm waitin' on niggas porches

[Chorus: Kuniva]
How's it gonna feel when you pleadin' for your life
By your nightstand in the dark speaking to Christ
While you gettin' duct-taped on your knees with your wife
If you don't believe in God, you believe now, right?
How's it gonna feel when you pleadin' for your life
By your nightstand in the dark speaking to Christ
While you gettin' duct-taped on your knees with your wife
If you don't believe in God, you believe now, right?

[Verse 3: Royce Da 5'9]
Yeah
You should admire my tech-work, now slide me a check first
Undeniable expert, high as my net-worth
Drunker than Mel Gibson, deeper than Christ
Lookin' like I'm riding with the whole Verizon network (Oh!)
You want no problems, I put you in pyjamas
Night night if you insult, when I write my pen smoke
I'm the shit, my scent so influential, hustler
Everything's for sale 'cept my soul and a trench coat
Yes, we did it, Nickle Nine and D-Twizz
We puttin' steel to heads, feel the lead (Uh-huh)
We puttin' feet to pegs, nigga, beef to bed
Doo-doo bags to bellies, boy, wheels to legs
Machines for breathin', you ain't gotta be Wayne
To throw up blood while you on that lean this evenin'
Yellow tape the scene, put the news out front
And give homicide forty-eight hours to prove I done it (Come on!)