[Intro: Kon Artis]
Haha, yea, Mr. Porter (D-Twizee)
That's right muthafuckas we back, say it (D-Twizee)
You know we came to fuck the game up right? Come on (D-Twizee)
Say it again, who? (D-Twizee)

[Verse 1: Kon Artis]
I'm sick of niggas all loud, with they half ass talk
Like we some hoes or something, like our heat don't spark
We ain't Royce mufucka, we don't speak in vain
We don't act like we street, we do not say names
We don't ask Em to book us in the door to get a deal
And then turn our back on him when he need his boys for real
You done got dropped by everybody I know
Goon Sqwad, AWOL, and a couple of hoes SO
That's neither here nor there dawg
His first video was shot up in NY y'all
Is this nigga the king of Detroit
Or the king of gettin' his ass whipped and left by his boys?
(I heard his crew was hot) is you serious dawg?
D-Elite? I ain't even gonna speak on y'all
Y'all ain't worth it, half of your boys wear turbans
And Cha Cha's a toss up nigga, keep on burping
I wanna see that lil' nigga Tre one up
I fight him with one arm, tell Peter put the gun up
I don't need it, I'm swift on my feet
With women orthopedics, tell Kino to stop pagin' me
When I'm in meetings, you like Ja Rule
Takin' ecstasy and speakin' out the side of your neck nigga
You need to retract statements he made you reject
JIGGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA hahahaha

[Hook: Bizarre]
You act like you from the D but you from OP
You ain't hard you need to put that ass and
CRACK DOWN
I know you wish you was Jay-Z, 50
D-Twizee, bitch but you ain't so
BACK DOWN

[Kon Artis]
Yo Eminem has got him a deal
How can he write now?
I ain't seen D12 mess around
That's Ryan Montgomery, thinkin' out loud
With rhinestones in his doo rag, you tough dawg (WOW)

[Verse 2: Bizarre & Swifty McVay]
So what? Your father taught you how to box (get him)
You didn't say that shit when Goon Sqwad hit the spot
(nigga left yo' ass nigga)
D-Elite y'all niggas ain't tough guys
EX Gov I beat yo' ass with some bean pies (you know it, I know it)
So what if Journalist is your cousin?
Who gives a fuck? Bitch my employment Dirty Dozen (WHAT?)
Or Runyan Ave will put 2 in your face (BOW!)
Quick to catch a case, don't make me have to run up in Sutton place
Is it our fault you a fake LL?
D12 (D12!) the reason your lil' record won't sell (7 thousand copies nigga)
Marshall made your hook, gave you a million in cash
Goddamn! Don't you want me get wall street tatted on his ass?
King of Detroit, aww so sweet
That city heat with your ass beat in the middle of the street (FUCK THAT)

Hahaha....and they threw your chain back at you nigga! (TAKE THAT SHIT BACK NIGGA)
Remember all your battles? Hahaha, I know you don't, but your brother do!
D-Twizee!

[Ad-libs: Swifty McVay]
I ain't even gotta say shit on this track nigga
You ain't the king of Detroit, you a ho' ass nigga
You from Oak park nigga, fuck you, fuck the D-Elite
Fuck little ass Tre!
Bo Little, nigga, all y'all muthafuckas
YouknowhatImsayin? Y'all can't fade us
And you mad 'cause we made you
You ain't make us, we D12 nigga
Until we die! Nigga, you ain't from Detroit
So you a muthafuckin' lie! What?
D-Twizee!

[Hook: Bizarre]
You act like you from the D but you from OP
You ain't hard you need to put that ass and
CRACK DOWN
I know you wish you was Jay-Z, 50
D-Twizee, bitch but you ain't so
BACK DOWN

[Bizarre]
Haha...don't fuck with us nigga...haha