[Intro]
Check it out, y'all
You be foolish , man
You's a crazy motherfucker
All my niggas from the 7 Mile section
Bring 'em out
You don't stop
Cartier, hell, get some weed

[Verse 1]
Guess who's back, it's Mr. Fuck-All-Y'all
For y'all niggas get my balls, write my gang signs on your walls
Fuck a lotta hoes, do a lotta shows
Smoke Cali weed, don't fuck with Rego
Vicodin, sticky green hits clean
Face my vaporizing machine
Jehovah's witness, that was the law
But I be still smoking weed up in the hall (ha, ha, ha!)
In the street, D12 is well-respected
Looking for Bizarre, I'm on Louise in seconds
Butt-naked, fuckin' a 12 year-old anorexic (uhh!)
'Cause she's lonely and neglected (aww!)
I'm in a stolen unicorn with a fucked up stereo
My nigga, first keep the heater with no cereal
And peace to Detroit's most wanted
And my nigga Dre-deuce, I need my twenty-five hundred

[Chorus]
Drop that waist, it's on
Drop that waist, it's on
Drop that waist, it's on
Drop that waist, it's on
Drop that waist, it's on
Drop that waist, it's on

[Verse 2]
I'm from the 7 Miles stop, where niggas is going at your mouth
Runnin' your house and pissin' your fuckin' spouse (biatch!)
All my niggas get drunk, got liver disease
All your niggas went to school, pass they S.A.T.s
Don't be fooled by the rocks I got
'Cause, 'cause I'm still crazy from the shot (for real, nigga)
A stolen Cadillac, drinking a bottle of yak
Drunk as fuck, driving fouler than [?]
D12, we ain't a group, we a gang
When these nines bang
Like Rolls-Royce, they run for the train
When Bizarre shoot, I ain't listen
River ride, bitch, I'm somewhere fishin'
When my dogs come, ring the alarm
You see so many pictures 'fore you use that big boy's farm
D-12 is the wackest group, period
How could I take a suburban nigga serious? (fuck you)
Niggas pop shit, I'm quick to kill 'em
Somebody get on the phone and call Sergeant Williams (hello?)
The sickest rap group from the Great Lakes
See y'all niggas next D12 mixtape

[Chorus]
Drop that waist, it's on
Drop that waist, it's on
Drop that waist, it's on
Drop that waist, it's on
Drop that waist, it's on
Drop that waist, it's on

[Outro]
Ay, are you crazy? Get up!
Ahahaha, y'all niggas actin' stupid as hell
Get the fuck up, nigga
Damn, I know pills ain't doing that, too
Nigga, you foolish!
Ayo, South, yo, yo, sow, nigga
Yo, yo, yo don't fight in the studio dawg
Yo, chill out, Dirty Harry chill out man what you doing?
Where Kuniva?
Yo, man! Go get Kuniva
Yo, get this, you know what the fuck
Man, this nigga, damn, man
This nigga doo-wop on a motherfuckin' floor
This nigga Dirty Harry sittin' here with that motherfuckin' boxer and some motherfuckin' dirty-ass sock to 'em
Man, you fool