[Verse 1. B Down the Boss]

If they don't let the Mile in we kick in the door
Fuck being nice about it, it's time we let them know...
We Bout to Bang on these niggas with this fake shit
Saturating the air-waves with this Gay shit...

I'm from the Murder-Cap, niggas murder for scratch
You say the wrong thang, end up in the trunk of your lac...
With the Pump or the Mac, when I dump it's a wrap...
Put 4 in the front of your hat, if niggas believe you at rat...

My "D" niggas leading the pack, 100's proceeding to stack
Grandaddy filling my pack, sipping and spillin the Yac..
Bitches I'm Peeling them back, sending them straight to the track..
Whippin and dippin the lac niggas ain't fucking with that...

And I'm a City-Slicker...fresh out of City Slicker's'
Mauri-Alligator boots cost me 650.00 nigga...
But I don't mean to brag, I guess you call it swag?
I'm on my S.M.D. shit my nigga....I'm From the

-Hook-
WestSide Capital, West Side Capitol, Westside Capital, West-West Side Capital
WestSide Capital, West Side Capitol, Home of the Traffic duke, cuz niggas get the package through..

[Verse 2. Seven the General]

Ugh, yeah you niggas know the set this Dub S.M. and S.M.D. we posted near the Votrobecks
Ugh, We cut the fence and sell the Thrax G.M.R.'n off a pack, I get a Rob for the Strap..
Some niggas robbed him for the crack so I round up B.C.B. and have them niggas round the back
We on "the Braile" with a MAC banging, I'm from 7 mile a couple niggas shooting craps like...UGH

And it's an EVERGREEN party banging 4-8-2-1-9, I rep this bitch like I'm retarded
I'll flush a brick straight down the toilet, got a blow from Mexico that when I sift I'm feeling nauseous
I'm on the stove, cut off the oven...spreading cheese all on that bread I guess I'm baking Egg McMuffin's
And Yeah, I'm taking cake and cuffing this is Seven Mile Road thats the end of discussion...

-Hook-
WestSide Capital, West Side Capitol, Westside Capital, West-West Side Capital
WestSide Capital, West Side Capitol, Home of the Traffic duke, cuz niggas get the package through..

[Verse 3. B Down the Boss & Seven the General]

[B Down the Boss]- Bitch, I'm from the WestSide Capital
If niggas short a bag or two I'm Backin' up your avenue
If SEVEN say the cash is due, I'm on these niggas ass
Send them young Doggz through with Choppers like the Taliban...

[Seven the General]- And I be hamdu lillahi rabbil 'amin
Inshallah my Fedayeen traffic amphetamines known to let metal sing
Vocal acapella spring, boating through the coast with "B"
Viva 9 years in the bing this WEST SEVEN nigga....

[B Down the Boss]- I'm bout to bend the strip, Shotty with the pistol grip
Laying niggas down, they gone come out it when I lift this bitch
And if a nigga trip, slugs will make his body flip
The BOSS come through and Body shit, you'll find these niggas in a ditch..

[Seven the General]- Yepp, and bitch the whole MILE famous, West to East these niggas Bangin
Got them twisting up they fingers...Ugh, I draw this shit up like a painter
But it's Ramone Vesus Spit I'll give you niggas a disclaimer this the...

-Hook-
WestSide Capital, West Side Capitol, Westside Capital, West-West Side Capital
WestSide Capital, West Side Capitol, Home of the Traffic duke, cuz niggas get the package through..

[Verse 4. Bizarre (D12)]
SEVEN MILE!!! We all in the place, now who gone take these Cartier frames off my face?
NOBODY, we'll fuck up the whole party, big Glock, big Shots on EVERYBODY
Slugs will eat ya' right in front of Bob's Pizza, and I'll ball out like I was in St.Theresa's
Redford high, we carried them heaters, but at Henry Ford shit, we was much deeper...
7 Mile, right off Stout, dime bags of Kush, we got in drought...
Night time it's mad pistol-play watch your gristle lay, right where your sister stay
A Hundred thousand, they'll kidnap your daughter, C.C., DeeBow, Michael Porter
KuWood, Kobea, & Khari and these are the niggas that raised me...SEVEN MILE!!!!

-Hook-
WestSide Capital, West Side Capitol, Westside Capital, West-West Side Capital
WestSide Capital, West Side Capitol, Home of the Traffic duke, cuz niggas get the package through..

By Seven the General
Produced by B Down the Boss