Yeah..

Poison Pen, Stronghold, Diabolic
Teach <--(?) out to Immortal Technique
DJ Static
?? this baby
Pick Your Poison, Who's The Master

We coming for yall muthafuckaz...

[Verse 1 - Immortal Technique:]

Immortal Technique nigga, I’m back with a vengeance
I put you on parole, you won’t get to finish your sentence
The prognite stick beat-down will be relentless
From Iraqi trenches, to the park benches
You don’t want drama, my niggas is like piranhas
That’ll leave your momma looking like the Central Park jogger
Rolling a blunt, in a Pakistani cave with Osama
While they walk you on the phone with Bush and his father
Ya’ll muthafuckaz don’t know what belignorant is
We mad at the world like illegitimate kids
Slap you up, Harlem style, and spit on your whizz
Punch a hole in your chest and rip out your ribs
So don’t talk shit pussy, just see me in person
I bleed you for certain, nigga I believe you was cursing
Rehearsing your battle verses and talking reckless
You better stay in a place that got metal detectors
Bitch, you don’t hit switches, you switch sexes
Fuck Jacob The Jeweller, I gave your mom a pearl necklace
Write with a Poison Pen, this shit's infectious
Wicked like a catholic bishop without repentance
Bitches who like bougy attention, I don’t need
I stay in the hood, like niggas that don’t read
Technique and Diabolic’ll put you in a hospital
Unplugging your fuckin' life-support module

[Verse 2 - Diabolic:]

Yo, Diabolic, I laugh at life death and anguish
And stay talkin' shit like it's my second language
I drink away my stress with a case of Mic's <--(?)
Takin' more shots than 50's face and chest
Burnin' haze unless I'm out, sparkin' the chocolate
Drunk stage diving, startin' a mosh-pit
Part of my logic's dodging maisonic lodges
Or plottin' to stop in with a Glock and rob it
Unlock the knowledge, human sacrifice
While they movin' satellites with zoom-in camera sight
I lose my appetite, confused and mad at life
Actin' cool 'till I act a fool and smash your wife
Belignorant, down to my mug-shot and fingerprints
Honestly, I don't give a fuck what you think of it
Go figure it, a scumbag on a preacher's frequency
I leave the reaper sleepin' peacefully for even peekin' in

[Verse 3 - Poison Pen:]

Yeah, I'm a bohemuth, a goon with brains
Wildin' out, just romp a room <--(?)
A gang stoppin' the fool who can't gut a mouth <--(?)
Old train is null and void
It's a no-brainer, we them Gully <--(?) Boys
Get a grip prick, I care about what
With a brick fist, push it with hair in the duck poison puff <--(?)
Don't think the man should
I would do that dope smoke, while the trees so damn good
It's a reflex, I leave a legacy
I'm Brooklyn like the D Steps, flash ??
Snatch begets, this hatchet that I got
Order ??, or trashcan <--(?) while they grab their neck
I ain't no gansta rapper, I'm a rapper that's gangsta
We make cadavers out of your favorite bastards
There's so much pussy 'round here, I don't know who to blast
It's kind of strong, it'll leave you kind of fucked
Yo there's ?? of us, I say ?? too much
I don't writes raps on loosely, playbook
Since I got my side contager, why use paper
Yo I come to your town (knuckle you up)
Then knuckle you down (throw your hood up)
I'll burn your hood down, do not try it
We can re-inact it the ?? ??
I grab my gloves, hit the block with straight ground hood niggas
You in the club, puffin' cock, straight grind on niggas
Your flow, got a lot of fag in it
So I got flammable Bibles with a rag in it
I'm a Frugu <--(?) dude, ha you know that
I'll cop a dozen tomorrow, save for 2012
And front like it's the dough bad <--(?)
You know that when I rock it <--(?) you hear that Rocky theme music
What they bop to is Mr. Soapy Clean music, bitch
Boy why ya scared, cause I'm 'bout to ?? ?? ??
And we weigh 300 plus, or four of y'all mothafuckas is like one of us, dudes

One day or another, I'mma find you, I'mma getcha, getcha, getcha, getcha
One day or another, I'mma find you, I'mma getcha