"You're new blood.  You ever kill a man before?"
"No"
"You ever splatter a man's brains up against the wall?"
"No"
"You ever took a big shiny blade and just a ripped a man from his ass to his appetite?"
"Ahh No"
"Then cut his balls off and make him squeel like a pig and then stuff 'em in his mouth?" ("Hammer, Hammer, Hammer")


"Don't worry, the drugs will kick in mortal"

[police on radio] - "Yeah, yeah two units in front and three behind me.  We're at the near 40, ??? is with me.  He's on the 105 east down approachment 110 interchange.  Just left over the number one lane.  We gonna hear a 20,000." "Yes sir."

Chorus:

Drugs is drugs, can't nobody tell me different
Only the man, cause he controls my shipment
Get guns, strap then go the distance
Get funds, clap with no resistance
[2X]

[Verse 1 - Remynd:]

Drugs is drugs, can't nobody tell me different
Only the doctor, cause he controls my sickness
Her mom bring the fresh cut out of the basement
Fuck with me I'll leave you duck taped, laying adjecent
Making you face it, it's over now, time to devour
I'm the reason why your family is bringing you flowers
I'm back now with baggies, digital scales
You can touch me but not see me like reading a brail
I gotta pre-sell <--(?), ship to niggas in jail
Seal a mil, you a ??? ??? ???
My product is nice, 300 dollars all the way up
No deals, hippies and gangstas really know what's up
We ?? it down, we smoke 'til my lungs blow up
We got quarters on lot <--(?), and if he don't show up
If you got chronic mothafucka, don't be shady
I'm throwing seeds on the ground like the pigeon lady, what

[Chorus]

[Verse 2 - Diabolic]

Yo, yo, I used to go to Folton for weed bags and nicks
And break sheets of LSD to five dollar acid hits
The media calls me a lowlife, laughing at Bolic
Put coke in crack, when I chopped it for cash in my pocket
Got news reporters making sure my fuse is shorter
When china white gives me more than you could offer
The government taught ya that we scum drug dealers
A bunch of thug killas, but the truth is much realer
The truth is, we move bricks to give to you
And 10,000 packs of X topped from acidic juice
This shit is true, I move it all, drugs is drugs
Giving young bucks a hundred packs to flood the clubs
Love is love, don't ask why we cockin' these gats
You push us in a corner and expect us not to react
I watch police watching me while they lock the streets
But that don't change the fact that my daughter gotta eat

[Chorus]

[Verse 3 - Immortal Technique:]

Yeah, I'm tryna school these young hustlers, stuck in the game
Shooting niggas over shipments that are loose change
So while you playing in snow like it's Christmas nigga
Just remember that prison is a business nigga
From the off-shore drill and platform process
The C.I.A., heroin inside Vietnam Vets
The government bring us the product that we distribute
And we become the negative image that they attribute
We need to unite soldiers and polly the hood nigga
Cause you don't see the D.E.A. in Hollywood nigga
While the hip-hop 5/0 stuck to the penis
Tryna interrupt gang unification between us
The devils do us dirty when they not ignoring us
From Malcolm X to that muthafucka from The Warriors
The righteous among us, to the ghetto politician
Just remember that we never own the pot that we piss in, mothafucka

[Chorus]