[Intro]
"How can we be sure of anything?" – [?]
[Immortal Technique]
Keepin' it raw (x5)

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
Yo, shut the fuck up.  My life like a photo shoot
Superman style—switch clothes in a phone booth
So loose, James Bond-proof with a gold tooth
Showing truth, how to move loot in a warzone [?]
Like wanton, without chips like Bon Ton
Blow your face up calm, smack you with bomb palms
Be explosive—Independence Day rewind
God on stage—wise man C-Rayz shine
Fuck your line-up—get slain, you plain piece of brain
You a rookie thirst to bust, but you can't aim
Now we move frames like museums with big names
Get slain on the D-Train, disclaim your fame
Denounce your name, sell your soul like that chain
It's rain for you thirsty birds—eat my words
I slurred some of the illest verbs on these curbs
Clutz swerve on the verge—now, the power to splurge and make 'em merge

[Hook] (x4)
Keepin' it raw
"Wanted by the law for..." - Reek Geez from Da Youngsta's "Verbal Glock"

[Verse 2: Immortal Technique]
I'm the reason that the rest of your life is obsolete
Muthafucka, I'll wave my hand and lift you off of your feet
Hold you above the city and drop you onto the street
Elevate your dead body and watch history repeat
As I drop you from the stratosphere back to the concrete
Them I'mma send a psychic probe to bomb your fleet
And psychologically reconstruct all of your peeps
I'm like the Bodysnatchers, muthafucka—you shouldn't sleep
I penetrate deep with murderous tactics
I'm raw like AIDS patients that are sexually active
You don't tell the people that they fuck what they contracted
I'll smack the top of your head and leave your body compacted
I impact the earth, causing worldwide emergency
You couldn't Face-Off with me during plastic surgery
I don't need to destroy you with the communist insurgency
I'll just look at you and leave you "Bleeding Internally"

[Hook] (x6)
Keepin' it raw
"Wanted by the law for..." - Reek Geez from Da Youngsta's "Verbal Glock"

[Verse 3: Immortal Technique]
Immortal Technique and C-Rayz, two dark men
That use a mic to spark men like Phil Hartman
At point black or miles away like the greatest marksman
When the devil takes a human form, then I stomp men
From Chicago to Compton, New York to Boston (Boston)
Hitting automatically
Don't make me get on some record-label mentality
And start pimpin' every single member of your family

[Bridge]
"Wanted by the law" - Reek Geez from Da Youngsta's "Verbal Glock"
"Y'all got some last words" - [?]
"Fuck all y'all" - [?]

[Verse 4: C-Rayz Walz]
Son of a gun on punishment—my father was a strict 9
Spooked by the Tales of the Cryptkeeper inside
Opposite of MLK—I'm a violent brother
Slash your girl's best friend—call me "Diamond Cutter"
I freestyle like runaway slave olympics
Abstract regular, complex simplistics
Throwing stones at tanks—I rock heavy metal
Battle me, boy.  I wish you would/wood like Geppetto
I'm fully dressed butt-naked, authentically faking
Earthquake-shaking like my wife's vibrations
WIndstorms hit like uncertain arrivals of [lizards?]
I stand close to walls like number four to blizzards
I smoke gats, save 'em to puff later.  Gun clips
Sun spits with tremendous force like tongue bricks
Drop hot shit like addicts of Tabasco and cajun
C-Rayz, Stronghold plague won blazing!

[Outro]
[Immortal Technique]
Keepin' it raw (x2)