[Verse 1 – CF]
I’m in Manhattan’s mass transit
Underground, can’t panic
Being chased through the maze like phantasm
A lab rat in this Pan’s Labyrinth
I made it to the end but they won’t let me in, so I’m breaking the pin of they door hinges
A puss?  I put these door hinges in your four inches, it’s a forced entrance
Now walk into these war trenches with poor victims, a corpse in ‘em
Deform infants with autism, man, morticians are tormented
This starving artist with stomach pains, these hunger games ain’t no audition
Freddy Krueger with his jaw missing, Edgar Hoover go cross-dressing
It’s more prison—they don’t wanna let us free, so I’m fightin’ for my people
See my life through the eyes of this keyhole—could’ve got it locked like Heathrow
Like Ghazans dropped in a Warsaw Ghetto with a sawed-off that’ll ward off devils
Whether freshmen or a sophomore level, we born as rebels with a score to settle
Son, you better watch for the obstacle course, they don’t wanna stop no probable cause
Just another plot—psychological war.  But I call shots like a Mafia boss
Tropical storms, levies break in this metal cage, we Meso slaves
So we elevate this devil’s maze ‘til it’s heaven’s gate, then we get away

[Chorus – Immortal Technique]
Freedom isn’t free, nigga, it comes with a price
And what the fuck good is money when you pay with your life?
Niggas call in God’s name when you don’t wanna die
But never said a fucking word while you was alive
Success isn’t free, nigga, it comes with a price
And what the fuck good is money when you pay with your life?
Niggas call in God’s name when you fall from the top
But never said a fucking word before making it drop

[Verse 2 – CF]
My soul trapped in that contract—Ghostbuster contraption
Cast your Sony building like 9/11, get blown up the same fashion, crashin’
No love for my passion, dashin’.  So fuck it, I’m blastin’ bastards
Showed up with my faction, foulest.  Cold-blooded assassins rappin’
They wanna kill us, only could the realest people feel us and our will will outlast ‘em
Sort of like Cloud Atlas, these rap heads is half-dead
Kevorkian's malpractice.  From California to Arizona
These border towns that ax us
They calling us brown fascists
Pero no somos [nosotros?] tonto.   Nosotros machetero
Hasta lo rico, lo pobre, lo callejero
On a kamikaze-like mission
No paparazzi, who’s flicking?
That’s CIA, MK-Ultra—if you pop a molly, you snitchin’
We not alike and if my copyrights’ll go missin’
It’s a homicide, let the [limelight?] that Maserati you whippin’
Woke up in that new Bugatti, but they slept on that Illuminati
They gettin’ paid, forever slaves, and they resting place is this devil’s maze

[Chorus – Immortal Technique]
Freedom isn’t free, nigga, it comes with a price
And what the fuck good is money when you pay with your life?
Niggas call in God’s name when you don’t wanna die
But never said a fucking word while you was alive
Success isn’t free, nigga, it comes with a price
And what the fuck good is money when you pay with your life?
Niggas call in God’s name when you fall from the top
But never said a fucking word before making it drop