S.O.U.L. Purpose ft. Immortal Technique - “The Other White Meat”
[Produced by King Koncepts and Zvi Edelman]
[Scratches by DP One]

[Verse 1: Immortal Technique]
Immortal Technique: the profile of a wanted man
Persecuted everywhere by the Blue Klux Klan
Cops don’t stop in searches ‘cause they think we a threat
They making money for the prison industrial complex
Extorting hookers for sex and then arresting them
And murdering people of color instead of protecting them
You killed Patrick Dorismond and then disrespected him
Now most cops’ll disagree with the shit that I spit
But I got 41 reasons to tell you to suck a dick,
YYou mobile facsimile of living fecal matter
You’re a walking piece of shit.  You deserve to be splattered
Faggots with nightsticks giving brothers an enema,
‘Cause they’re racist like classical Hollywood cinema
Systematically chasing our people and abusing ‘em
Like Romans genociding Jews in New Jerusalem
Guns don’t look like wallets.  How the fuck they confusing 'em?
We’re losing ‘em everyday and it’s getting me pissed
They barely admit that racial profiling exists
But politicians still condemn it, sounding hypocritical
Innocent victims getting statistically typical
I resist arrest.  I don’t want to be taken alive
I’d rather die standing than live kneeling, broken inside
A cop stopped me once and cocked a loaded gun in my grill
And that’s the reason that I have no fear of being killed

[Hook: Samples with Scratches by DP One] (x4)
“The violence in me reflect the violence that surround me” - Sample from stic.man on dead prez - “assasination”
“That’s why police get stabbed and shot” - Sample from stic.man on dead prez - “we want freedom”

[Verse 2: Mazzi]
Some pieces of life are really hard to swallow
Nowadays, I hit you with a harder tip that's hollow
No justice, no peace like Diallo.  Amadou/I’ma do
What I gotta do to stand my ground
All my peeps frozen in these ice-cold streets
Which only get hot when cops is on blocks with heat
With little or no conscience, yapping y’all nonsense
Need to fear God instead of having his complex
Police patrol herds of cattle and tame
Sad and sick of seeing certain individuals slain
Like my man Lawrence got bucked at pointblank range
By a coward-ass cop, splattered part of his brain
Not knowing, in seconds, he’d cause an infinite pain
It’s you, your wack crew, whole damn setup I blame
Playing judge, jury, executioner.  Shackle and chain
Tell me how you live your life every day with no shame
You’re only paid to do your job, so what else do you gain?
I’ll fight the power ‘til the last drip of blood in my vein
Bitch, half-witted, flat-footed son of a swine
With your fellow fags and yellow cabs coming for mine
Go ‘head.  Eat your donuts and walk your wack beat
I’ll stay away from most beef and end the other white meat
But if shit hits the fan, I’ll resort to true action
How 'bout we play a game?  I’ll throw slugs and you catch 'em

[Hook: Samples with Scratches by DP One] (x4)
“The violence in me reflect the violence that surround me” - Sample from stic.man on dead prez - “assasination”
“That’s why police get stabbed and shot” - Sample from stic.man on dead prez - “we want freedom”