The corporation that controls the third world in the next century, controls the globe. Think of it: One world economy, one corporation under God, one moral, spiritual, economic unity!
[Immortal Technique speaking]
You know, back in the day, some of y'all must of shout out Allah's name like He was hosting your mixtape. Then after 9/11, you got scared and shut the fuck up. Didn't talk about the demonization of a culture, immigrants, nothing. Now you show up, talking about we, "Taking it too far."

DIE SLOW....MOTHERFUCKER!!!

Intro 2x:
Watch out who you fuckin' with, watch out who you fucking with
Watch out - nigga - watch out who you fucking with
[Immortal Technique]
Yeah....
100 percent independent
I'm the fucking boss
I sold 80,000 off a quotable in the Source
The hood is not stupid
We know the mathematics
I make double what I would going gold on Atlantic
Cause EMI, Sony, BMG, Interscope
Would never sign a rapper with the White House in the scope
They push pop music like a religion
Anorexic celebrity driven financial fantasy fiction
Contradiction cause the life we was given resembles life in prison
Spent time with Manuel Noriega
The real Noriega
Who did America a hundred favors
With contras, the Shah, and the CIA
Moving Escobar's Coke through the MIA
This is the 3rd world speaking through a dead man walking
And everybody talking about the South taking over
It's true mother fucker
But it's coming over the border!
Fuck your chain
My people'll kill you for water
Fuck fans nigga
I got soldiers supporters
That'll cut your throat if you strapped with a tape recorder
That's right mother fucker
Welcome to the New World Order
Where the truth is always censored by corporate reporters
The government runs the drug politics on the corner
That's why I never stress rappers and their employers
I put a bag over his fucking head and torture your lawyer
Cause it's too simple to shoot you
I'll taser the roof of your mouth
And electrocute ya
I'll root you out with the Ruger
The German Lugar
U-Boat
And the troops and the scuba
Nigga
You can't overthrow me like the island of Cuba!
Niggas will never find your body like the bitch in Aruba
And I'll maneuver through the state department and their friends
With secret deals like the Nazi's and IBM
And now you know this ain't a trend or a fashion
This is my life and my Passion
FUCK TRYING TO CASH IN
NIGGA!
I need more than advancements and a rented mansion
So while you little house niggas are singing and dancing
I'll KILL you and take your land like an Israeli expansion!

Hook 2x:
Watch out who you fucking with, watch out who you fucking with
Watch out - nigga - watch out who you fucking with

Immortal Technique! South Harlem! DJ GI Joe!