[Intro]
We ain’t playin tonight
QN5 ain’t playing tonight
We ain’t playin tonight
QN5 ain’t playing tonight
We ain’t playin tonight
Tonedeff, he ain’t playing tonight
We ain’t playin tonight
QN5 ain’t playing tonight

[Hook]
Bang! You know we come to Bang!
You throwin nothing! Bang!
Right on the button! Bang!
Good night, bitch. Bang!
You know we come to Bang!
We own you fuckers! Bang!
So don’t be frontin…Hey!
Y’all ain’t built to Bang!

[Verse 1]
Yo! I’m armed with gifts that hit like a dodge, Bombing like I’m on a mission from god
When you dip from the shot, then you’re tripped and get dropped
With an omaplata grippin that arm with a viscious resolve
Twistin it off to leave as a tip at the palms
It’s unanimous, I consider decisions a loss
Cause son, I’m a closer, coming to finish the job
Snakey slick talkers get unhinged at the jaw
Brother, you’d think they’re confessing sins to the father the way that they kissin this cross
Lift you off-a ya feet, like you sit in a saw rigged with ball
At the opposite end fit to rip through a wall – Demolition-grade!
Splitting the top of your noggin, till you spin and then topple
And then you out cold like getting a dip in the pond while up in the Michigan frost
Sleeping like you was whiffin exhaust
Off of the choruses and the underhooks that’s keepin you pinned to the song
Ditched by your sponsors, a pink slip from the boss
Herb Dean will have to administer salts just to get you to talk
You can’t

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
I’m switching my stances….So swift with the stanzas
Got you dancing with stars, but no disco or actors
Son, this is just practice, You the dude with the wife
And 50 kids, cause apparently you only pull out of fights
Don’t be fooled by the hype, When the truth is I’m actually nastier like
Cecil Peoples saying the kicks don’t count, but I hit to the rhythm and got em tappin to strikes
I’m a natural athlete, fight to the death if the ref was in absence
So at the request of the champion I’m bringing a medic and testing olympian levels on the rest of your matches
I’m pressing the action – If you layin’ and prayin’ and doin dick from the top
Then confess to your passion – you the type to opt-in for a prison massage
The difference is obvious, kid when I hit you there’s ominous music that lifts from the audience
You quite the opposite, it’s like you flick me with nickels your strikes are as stiff as a dollar…wet
This is dominance in the broadest sense – I got a sound defense for staying off the fence
I grip around your neck, until your eyes get bugged out…and I’ma choke you the fuck out
And when the ‘showtime’ kicks in I’ll bury you, digging in a post-fight interview with Ariel
Your girl knows what she wants
She said she LOVES to stand & bang – but never threw a punch

[Hook]