[Hook]
This here’s what you will find in… The Basix
Pitch clear rhythm & rhymes, cuts… The Basix
JS and QN5, it’s… The Basix
Breaks-mix-bass-kicks-stage-spit-BASIX!

[Verse 1A: Tonedeff]
Aight, kids… Follow these flows, clock the basics
Why’s shit gotta be so complicated
Hi, Tigg… down to see Tone rock the basement?
Fine, Bitch! copy them old rotten playlists
(that made 10!)

[Verse 1B: PackFM]
Who’s trying to come at me with that first grade shit?
I hope he got access to a first aid kit
I barely listen past the first words they spit
And they always stay pissed, cause their verse ain’t shit

[Verse 1C: Tonedeff]
Well I’m certainly straight tripping, till my rage ends
My brain tends to kill petty grudges, Because it’s mad gay when you stay bent
With a day spent in cyphers, I get more rotation than J’s decks
You know that my feet’ll be hitting original ground whenever the plague steps
And if we break bread that means that we never stopped for a breather
Millionaires even after we split profits between us
I put in work in a jobless arena
Scream from top of the corporate ladder, while you give the office a cleanup

[Verse 1D: PackFM]
Niggas biting my style like it’s follow the leader
Your girl’s on my dick too… she swallowed a liter
I’m off the wall like 99 bottles of beer
And when my squadron appears, you’ll be hiding in fear
So slide to the rear – truth is you’re insignificant
Tracks ain’t interesting…hardly worth mentioning
I know that I’m far from a star, but the difference is
I rap the way the cats who started this pictured it

[Hook]
This here’s what you will find in… The Basix
Pitch clear rhythm & rhymes, cuts… The Basix
JS and QN5, it’s… The Basix
Breaks-mix-bass-kicks-stage-spit-BASIX!

[Verse 2A: PackFM]
We got you vibing to our music like “how do they do it?”
And make the hotties lose control of their bodily fluids
Think you’re stopping these 2 kids? Then dude you gotta be stupid
Cause if I ever lost a battle, shit I probably threw it

[Verse 2B: Tonedeff]
You got a whore to culture? Son, it’s not to be rude
But I gotta get moving, cause I’m bout to be tooling your spouse in a few
Kid, her flowers’ in bloom… so, I’m sprouting her tulips
Then I’m stocking her womb full of cock and then spewing some pollen into it

[Verse 2C: PackFM]
And these scavengers be hunting tryin’ to find an exclusive
They’re camping outside of the studio and copying blueprints

[Verse 2D: Tonedeff]
Went from a student of constant improvement
To plotting all my hip-hop maneuvers way before Nas did a tour and Das hit the sewers

[Verse 2E: PackFM]
We grimy and ruthless… dig inside ya pockets for 2 cents
You’re rockin' a noose, never seen a crew so proud to be losers

[Verse 2F: Tonedeff]
(16) You think you’re tight? That’s a common illusion
Well… the odds of you rocking a room’s like trying to find a dude named Mohammed that’s Jewish

[Verse 2G: PackFM]
You gotta be clueless. I normally don’t hop to conclusions
But if you’re rockin', I assume the crowd is probably booin'
You’re stepping to the crew? We gonna leave your body in ruins
So when you fuckin' with The Plague bring an inoculate too. [bitch!]

[Verse 2H: Tonedeff]
And while you clowns are amusing, you’ll drown in a pool of your countless excuses
‘Bout why you ain’t as polished as QN5 as a unit
Well, it’s obvious fool, but your mind’ll refuse it
Ain’t saying Godly; but you can just doubt that we’re human till doctors can prove it