Everybody, Count it down with me now
Here we go again with some of the dirtiest words you've heard
But couldn't discern, cause most of the shit that I spit is a blur
Certainly but, observing me once, isn't really serving me any justice
So, bust this extraordinary functional display of the tongue-twist
Some of these punk bitch kids thats thinking they're rocking and rolling hard
Are really the fakest impostors they've never strolled the yard
They're bragging that they got a stolen car
They get in the way, then I'm running em over dog, oh, It's on
They're getting their faces torn off with pure resolve saying, I'm sure is all, kid
You wanna get burned? Talk shit. Steppin to Tonedeffs like trying to run without learning to crawl, bitch!
Y'all is thoughtless cause if you're determined to fall, I recommend that you stall a bit
Cause, sonny, Ive mastered all of it:
From the hottest bars to spit, to the introduction shouts thats up at the this start of this
Listen, if anyone doubts the kid, they gotta to be flogged & whipped just like a fucking sodomist
Non-Stop till the apocalypse hits, regardless, son, if you give it up or call it quits
Your coffin ditch is dug, by Mr. SOS & Tonedeff-inite the great
Wait! Hearing the words come outta my mouth is makin ya shit on yourself just like a weapon in your face
Step into my space, buddy ya better be asking me to flow or get performances
Sonny, I'm earning my stars with about a half-a galaxy to go till its over with (Holy shit!)
Yes, you love it, don't ya, baby! Open Wide! Scoop it all! Swallow to the balls
And I'm followed through the malls, because the gift of my flow is fucking polished to a fault
Astonishing awestruck crowds, leaving a city with hardly a jaw shut How?
Well, Im abolishing the laws of sound, nobody figured would ever fall till just now
Touchdown, better go chalk up another landslide to the QN5 side
Nobody's sick as the kid, you can bet your mans life, cause its lose or die time
Prove it nine times outta ten you can see me then over 182 bpms
Doing the 16th notes, or even the 24-syllable speedy flow, and I'll concede, yo
But till that day arrives, son, I'mma stay alive
Because the way I grinds really a state of mind
And even in base design I never strain to rhyme
If anyone take my lines, kid, its a waste of time
Because at Point Blank...
No one can't spit em with this critical flair & shear sickness
It's Tonedeff BEST FLOW IN THE GAME, if the worlds listening, bare witness. Yes!