[Hook]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah – Ya give it to me now
Just Just Just a little bit closer (uh!)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah – Ya give it to me now
Just Just Just a little bit closer (uh!)

I wanna blow your mind, I wanna hold you close
(Tonight, Tonight, Tonight) I wanna squeeze ya
I wanna tell you I love ya! Cross my heart
(Tonight you’re mine, you’re mine, yeah)

[Verse 1]
I wanna tell you to move that ridiculous ass up over my way
Don’t want you to drive home in the rain, babe and I’m hoping you’ll stay
Now, don’t be ashamed. I’ve seen you in every state of undress
And it doesn’t matter to me if your make-up’s a mess
You can stay in the dress that you came in, no stress
Yes! Don’t bother to shower cause I’m as depraved as it gets, I’m addicted to the taste of your sweat
I’ll hike it up and raise it past your waist in a sec
Taste and inspect, with your panties yanked to the left
I’ll turn the lights down low – Still wanna slip into something comfy?
I’ll maneuver my way by touch – And them bumps ‘round your nipples is Braille for “suck me”
Now if I’m lucky enough to touch those lovely lumps
I’m burrying my scruffy mug in your buns and tickle your bum like humpty hump
What a lovely lunch! My plan is in motion
I’m the tsunami rockin your little man in a boat
Whenever you feel self-conscious when I’m between thighs for this work
If you’re dirty, I’m having salmon for dinner with a bit of a creampie for desert
It goes…

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
I wanna, blow ya mind with a love gun, shot to the domepiece with a sex pistol
Your breathing so heavy your mouth is dry, here’s something to wet your whistle
Bet ya’ this’ll get you blissful, close your eyes for one bit/
It’s like the end credits for LOST whenever I unzip – It’s like… [SFX]
Oh and you know and hold it well
Learned that it won’t impale you if you don’t exhale
My boner tells me he really hates your guts! And that doesn’t seems right
Feel free to spit in his fucking face and choke him ‘til you see white
I’m making a beeline for your seaside palace, so please guide me inside as we grind
Or until your shoulders are equal to your knee height/
While you continue to ride me like I was a speedbike
Put a fire up under your steamy Hot fuzz, like Edgar G. Wright
Wanna grip both cheeks and spread em wide, Go deep in – let it slide
Break mirrors around the room, and then fuck for good luck – seven times
Spit inside this makeshift gaped split, hear it splash
I wanna put a milk mustache on your bearded clam
On and on and on and on and on, don’t stop!
On and then on and then on and then on a little bit longer
I’ll give it as strong as you want, as we’re grooving as one –
It’s magic – if I can rhyme that fast, imagine the things I can do with my tongue
It’s true that I love these dirty secrets we share, making sure the flare is lit
We can be married with kids I’ll still choke you and pull your hair and shit
And just cause I’m finished don’t think I’m layin back..
I cancelled my subscription to oxpass, and now you gonna pay for that
It goes. (growl)

[Hook]