[Intro: Tonedeff]
Yeah. Yo D you should come out and roll with us man
Nah. (laughs) Nah, it's not like that but, well actually. Uh

[Verse 1: Tonedeff]
It was just another show
Random ass club in the middle of nowhere
1 AM, front-row, center-stage
(Once again it’s on hah, ha it's on)

QN5 cold doin’ the damn thing
Drunk white chicks with their drinks in the air dancing (hah, ha!)
Tonight is just another episode on the grind performing on the road
(Yeah)

Case Closed! I’m done, gasping for breath
Hop into the crowd, they pinch my ass when I step
OKAY!!!! Here’s a tip for the men –
Your girlfriends do some nasty shit when they’re drunken with their friends

So, anyway, head for the bar, "‘scuse me miss."
Shorty with her mouth wide spins to steal a kiss
(Whoa!) I caught her as she tried to go for it
She had a sore on her lip that looked like some Ebola shit
(I said um…)

[Hook X2: Tonedeff]
"Easy Now, Whoa! Slow your horses
Keep it down. Lower your voices, it’s late
Girl, I know why you’re here. You better roll with your friends
Cause I don’t know who you are and I don’t know where you’ve been."

[Verse 2: Tonedeff]
She didn’t seem to get the message
I'm trying to let her down slow, so she don’t feel disrespected
And I don’t wanna lose a fan tonight
As I turned to walk, she grabbed me tight

Said, “I heard ‘Pervert’ I loved your third verse
I watch ‘Bangbus’, I wanna show you what I learned
I’ll, give you my thong. I’ve been marinating all night long
And if you just let me in, ‘Issawn’

I said, "WHOA! Nelly’s Fur-taco
That’s sweet, but your mouth look like you gave head to a burning bottle
So, keep your drawls, I leave tomorrow
And I don’t wanna lead you on."

She said, “You’re a dick!
And I’ll sure as shit (what?) never download another song of yours again.”
FINE! Take me off your Top 8 (uh-huh)
Girl, your lips are burning up, but I don’t want that type of hot date
(I said um…)

[Hook X2: Tonedeff]

[Verse 3: Tonedeff]
Girl, I know you’re trying to say the right things (say the right things)
But your body’s saying all the wrong things (wrong things)
I don’t know you, but I know there’s something
I can tell is wrong as hell with you

Girl, I know you’re trying to say the right things (uh-huh)
But your body’s saying all the wrong things (wrong things)
I think there’s something growing out of your tongue ring!
I can tell it’s wrong as hell with you

[Hook X2: Tonedeff]

[Outro: Tonedeff]
What? What, so you still would have did it?