[Intro: Sample from [?]] (x12)
Classic

[Hook: Tonedeff]
Timbs on my feet, trees in my Dutch Master
D’s on the beat, freestyle to give ass away
Cyphers are blunts in front of brick storefronts
Fiends on the hunt fix on the front stoop all day

[Verse 1: Breez Evahflowin’]
Classic skill (What?), Cadillacs of ill real
Jack jumping all over Jill hill
Track bumping although it’s real ill, kinda eerie
Global chemistry, my mind of theory
Combine it ‘til it’s monetary, get up with Tone
Only two ways to ride: get paid or get gone
Word bond, it can happen to Pentagons
Alert, miniature pawns.  We can all get descended on
Depending on the vibe I get, this shit
Got me wanting to spit some more—this is how I live
Want to see the top?  Keep an eye on the kid
Iron monkey kick shit, Tokyo blitz
Want to get at me?  Talk to your bitch
Taste my fame on the part that you kissed
Taught the game—any parts that I missed
Would have been claimed by the punching of fists
But gotten to this?!?  Yeah, that’s that shit
Come on, it’s like:

[Hook: Tonedeff]
Timbs on my feet, trees in my Dutch Master
D’s on the beat, freestyle to give ass away
Cyphers are blunts in front of brick storefronts
Fiends on the hunt fix on the front stoop all day

[Verse 2: Breez Evahflowin’]
Some think I lost my desire to fight
Me hanging up is like finally retiring Mike
So extreme like fire and ice—I’m torn
My life’s like fucking with that X-Bitch Storm
I’m born 12-18, 70-something
Family income was second to nothing
Never repped movie rap ‘cause that’s second to fronting
Walking through booby traps ‘til y’all step on the button (Boom!)
I’m hungry like that fat bastard glutton
No discussion.  Just bring the cash you clutching
‘Cause it costs, my minutes are vital
Trying to finish the vinyl that’ll finish your idols
You know garbage niggas, Godless niggas
To battle, then bring it all.  We’re gone, God forgive us
Can’t contain the pain my pen tell
Training Days was hard, scarred by many Denzels

[Hook: Tonedeff]
Timbs on my feet, trees in my Dutch Master
D’s on the beat, freestyle to give ass away
Cyphers are blunts in front of brick storefronts
Fiends on the hunt fix on the front stoop all day

[Verse 3: Breez Evahflowin’]
Resounding sound that runs wild through crowds
Of MCs when I pound them down
Frown, screw it up.  I take it like if you erupt
Then I probably ain’t do enough
Who want to get dumped?  Set your date
Itch like you rocking drawers made of [?]
Trying to escape out of a lion’s gate
Stupid like Batman with an iron cape
Soft like extra mayonnaise, get high like Zion is
Sciences and cultures
Get twisted, served, and engulfed by vultures
Fuck a gold mine.  I hold a mind
Black like a dozen episodes of Soul Food when it’s Showtime
Rework the album, got to be classic
So I could be like, “Stronghold, we running this rap shit”
With the stats to back shit, UG for life
But the green don’t grow without water or light like:

[Hook: Tonedeff] (x3)
Timbs on my feet, trees in my Dutch Master
D’s on the beat, freestyle to give ass away
Cyphers are blunts in front of brick storefronts
Fiends on the hunt fix on the front stoop all day