[Sample]:
"Everybody knows...but me"

[Intro - Tonedeff talking]
Yo, I am the omnipotent, all knowing
Haha, yo, JS man, I think you should try scratching with the other hand
Don't ask, I just know

[Verse 1]
When did everyone become a motherfuckin' expert?
Source of all knowledge
Center of the network
Absolutely phoney, they pose and dispense their guesswork
Ask 'em if they know when they don't and they give you the yes first
And everyday it gets worse
The next person to give me a lecture
Tellin' me why my head hurts, gets dentures
Looks like 'Little Miss Know It All' gave up the booty to 'Mr. Told Ya So'
To save her cherry but he was mistaken on which hole to poke and had you
A bit of a snafu
Considering critical people like you were the first to predict the bad news
The sins and taboos
The type of morons that all deny when they're wrong
And wouldn't get nothin' outta this verse if they bought the rights to the song
But that's aiight
I don't oppose advice or close my mind for
Guided notes to the blind, I'll open my eyes to quotes from a wise source
But I'm supposed to rely on stoners ridin' on they high horse?
I don't think so!
And nor does my court
Go order yours
You bore me

[Hook]:
"Everybody knows...but me"
I try to tell ya but
"Everybody knows...but me"
Yo son, wish I could help ya but
"Everybody knows...but me"
I suppose I'm hopeless cause
"Everybody knows...but me"
But who knows, who knows

[Verse Two]
New Jacks stayin' paid but my apartment's gettin' teenier
Brag that they hate fame and then divulge it to the media
These cats aim mainly just to salt the shit they feedin' ya
They facts change daily, son they walkin' Wikipedias
And I'm often disobedient and plot to rebel
And won't follow the good advice that I've always offered myself
It's constantly shelved
Yet everyone still wants to share their philosophy's, well
If I humor them all there's no way I could possibly fail, right?
"Man, you should be famous."
"No doubt, I appreciate it."
"Yo, keep it underground for life."
"Nah of course, I'd love to be paid less."
These lames peck at ya sorta like piranhas
So I roll with the punches in my recordings like Rihanna
"Why don't you tour with Common?"
"Awesome, more I never thought of."
"You should ghostwrite for Ke$ha."
"Son, I'd rather be drawn and quartered by Chihuahuas."
"Dumb it down like Jay."
"I'm too smart to lower my prowess."
"Just get a track from Dr. Dre."
"Alright, well hold up while I call him."
{dial tone}
"You got his number? I don't."
If the answers, "No" then jam the phone right in your fuckin' pie hole
Till it kills the dial tone
Cause I know, you mean well
And the crime isn't that
But money you makin' up answers to questions I didn't ask
And then to disguise it as fact, pssst c'mon on son
That's lower than my balls hung on a hot summer's day runnin' through Tulsa
But if you crave insight on how to be great on the mic
Then you'd be an idiot not to take my advice, right?
But apparently

[Hook]:
"Everybody knows...but me"
I try to tell ya but
"Everybody knows...but me"
Yo son, wish I could help ya but
"Everybody knows...but me"
I suppose I'm hopeless cause
"Everybody knows...but me"
But who knows, who knows

[Bridge]:
The world got a secret that they wanna tell ya
A full proof cure all that they wanna sell ya
Believe it or not it's all an act to control
When people act like they know when they actually don't
I said The world got a secret that they wanna tell ya
A full proof cure all that they wanna sell ya
Believe it or not it's all an act to control
When people act like they know when they actually don't
Ya know?