[Verse One:Mr. S.O.S.]
T minus 10, 9, 8 skip a few
Now we launchin' this
S.O.S. and Pack here to stomp on kids
And hit 'em with a blow so monstrous
That they can't hold onto consciousness
You're better off playin' possum bitch
Cause this cool jam is equipped with a full band
And enough bump to make it difficult to stand
And...
Oh you thought it was done...
But it's only begun...
Where the fuck are the drums?
Aw fuck it, yo
This is for my motherfuckin' peeps from Palm Beach to Queens to Canada
All around the whole world like pan handlers
Amateurs plan for this we're gonna remind you what bananas is
Clap to this till you need bandages on your hands and shit
Yeah and it's nothin' I'm buggin' like fruit flies
Cause I'm too high, Pack tell 'em they ain't fuckin' with you in 5

[PackFM]
4, 3, 2, 1 bring it back
Ayo...
Who keeps fuckin' with the track?
Ayo, y'all messin' with the song...
Yo, is this thing on?
Ayo ring the alarm cause I'm bringin' the bomb
Got people on the streets screamin' "What's that thing on his arm?!"
I mean you no harm
Fuck that, I want you to die
I'll punch you in the neck while you lookin' up at the sky
And I don't know why
They said this was supposed to be fun
But I'm tryin' to overcompensate for not havin' a gun
Either way I'm the immaculate one
The P the A the C the K, rip the track till it's done
So when I pass the baton, you can grab it and run
Ayo (Pause), bring it back, I don't know 'bout that one
Now let me stop, start and shit cause it's 'bout to become
Something hard to quit
And I'm just tryin' to beat the track before the drop of the drum
(Yes)
Now I'm happy I'm done
What?
See how stupid I look?
Shit
Yo, where the fuck is the hook?
Oh, there it is

[Hook]
It goes stop, start pumpin' your fists
But if you stop, start runnin' your lips
Then you can stop, start fuckin' with this
Cause this is Stop, Start up in this bitch
It goes stop, start, stop, start, stop, start, stop, start

[Verse Two: Mr. S.O.S]
And it's like that...
Mr. S.O.S. and Pack...
Uhhh, FM on the track...
Uhhh, freshmen get attacked...
When the beat comes back they don't know how to act
Like Keanu and Arnold
Mineral flow like Pierre water
'Fuck You I Rhyme Better' is my everyday motto
These rappers are half man like Ciara with Bow Wow
Now I'll, have to get goin' before I knew
Arrest the president, now Pack it's on you

[PackFM]
And we run through Cro...
And the crew's...
And then I rep...
And (shit)...
Damn, sorry
Sometimes when I think about how dope this is
I find it hard to focus on focusing
The name is F Mack bitch, I'm supposed to win
Timeless rhymes, who knows when I wrote this shit
Don't get it twisted, I never hold a pen
My mind's in the gutter, like some bowling pins
Ayo, I gotta piss, hold this shit...
I couldn't hold it in... (aww that's the stuff)
Nonstoppin' the flow...
But when you gotta go...
Yo
Lock and load, we got more spots to blow
Take a bit of rock and roll and lace the shit with lots of soul
No mission is impossible, we fillin' up the hospital
Challenging a riot squad to a game of 'Crowd Control'
And I ain't got time to show you bitches how to flow
So I'm out the do', Tone hit it with the stop and go
Shit...
Because I'm 'bout to go get...
Me a motherfuckin' hit...
And it just don't quit...
And I don't smoke crack neither

[Hook]

[Mr. S.O.S.]
Yes...
It's Mr. S.O.S... (keep it goin' son)
And my boy Pack... (that's me nigga, what)
Him and Tonedeff on the motherfuckin' beat and you weak if you think you can com-...(yo where the beat?)
-pete...
Oh shit it's really done that time son. We out this motherfucker. (Nah fuck that I'm stayin')