[Verse 1: Tonedeff]
I'm spitting the verses that’s calamitous, scandalous
Slanderous, cancerous.  Half of this master list
Of adjectives to smack you kids with accurate attacks that get
Disasterous as I get faster with immaculate patterns.  It’s
The consequence of dominance, prosperous
Prominence.  Common sense’ll bop you into
Compliments for rocking this accomplishment with consonants
I’m in this boxing shit to knock comp’ out of consciousness
I got the evidence, intelligence, incredulous
Precedence with a set of prints tested with
The best-equipped of instruments.  Forget your prejudice
When Tonedeff is blessed with the remembrance element of an elephant
I'm obligated, concentrated, contemplative
Beyond creative, not elated by the way you
Propagated plots I hated.  Complicated topics state
The way that I operate is just properly consummated
I'm the correlator, story-sayer, formulator
Extraordinaire performing where the norm is their
Adored heir.  I storm in there with a morbid flare and not a soul
To spare, reforming, repairing, and restoring the air
‘Cause I’ll be tearing it down, wearing the crown, pairing the sounds
Comparing the nouns, I'm staring ya down with nary a frown
I'm sparing ya town.  I'm taking you clowns to burial grounds and scaring you out
I vary the bounds in preparing lobotomies out of the kit that I carry around
I'm really astounding, knocking you out ya gourd, fishing for
Compliments, bored, reeling your eyeballs off of the floor
Via various lures.  Never seen wackness as scary as yours
Via marriage or heritage, kid, I hope you’re very insured
And really be sure to leave your will to match.  This is Verses
Vs beats.  You'd probably think I'd share top billing with plants
Marching like militant ants.  You ain't heard Tonedeff?
It's been a long time coming like non-lickable, stickable stamps
I don't fiddle with rap.  I've had it with these rappers.  I kill
Combos since I insert razor blades into cheese crackers
Disaster strikes with lyrics and beats factored, huh
I'm exorcising the Devil out of the beats to keep active