Yo
You know every time you come home
You got to murk somethin'
[Lil Jon]
Stop! It's the motherfucking remix!

[Intro: Mase & (Lil Jon)]
Uhh! Yeah, Harlem is back (TS)
Who in the world want a problem with that? (fo' real)
I heard Harlem is back (You know we had to do the remix)
Who in the world want a problem with that?
(Yeah! Eminem nigga!)
Uhh! Yeah, Harlem is back (Lil Jon nigga!)
Who in the world want a problem with that? (Mason Betha!)
I heard Harlem is back (Fat Joe!)
Who in the world want a problem with that? (Let's go!)

[Hook: Fat Joe]
Said my niggas don't dance
We just pull up our pants and, do the rockaway
Now lean back, lean back, lean back, lean back
Said my niggas don't dance
We just pull up our pants and, do the rockaway
Now lean back, lean back, lean back, lean back

[Verse 1: Mase]
You know it's deja vu, and the day y'all do
It'll be the day y'all bleed
Wrist minus 80 degrees
King of Harlem ain't nobody made me leave
Who else could take 5 years off?
Cold turkey? Come back and fly lears off
Cats front leave them leaning like Smirnoff
If haters wanna hate then its their loss
Come up in the Rucker with all my Jake's on
Car grills so big you can cook a steak on
People hear Mase call them wanna get their mase on
You hot 16, I'm a very great song
They beating on the DJ booth 'fore the Mase song
You play Clark Kent, you better have your cape on
Plenty homes Mansion many rooms
My necklace, 2Xs and three Bentley bulls
Lean back, Lean back, Lean back
Cause he's back come on
Lean back, Lean back Lean back
Cause he's back come on

[Lil Jon]
Eminem, what's up! Hey!

[Verse 2: Eminem]
You don't want no problems with Harlem
You don't want no problems with the boogie-down Bronxster
You don't want no drama with the blonde bomber
Original Don Dada of the blonde bottle
The model from White America
Then Joe, the spokesperson for the Latino
Then we got Mase back to re-per-e-sent
E-ver-y-thing else in between
Including the percentages of the rest we don't
The best from each coast, the midwest to the dirty-dirty
Even further to Miami, all the way back to Californ-i-a
It'd probably be best right now if I warn Dre
To get on the horn and tell 'im about the storm coming all our way
So tell a pal, grab a gal right now, get on the floor while I wait
Shake that ass a little more my way, but baby, I don't dance
Not that I can't, there's a pistol in my pants
Come on

[Hook]
Said my niggas don't dance
We just pull up our pants and, do the rockaway
Now lean back, lean back, lean back, lean back, come on
Said my niggas don't dance
We just pull up our pants and, do the rockaway
Now lean back, lean back, lean back, lean back

[Verse 3: Fat Joe]
No Judas or cowardice or Cain's brother
Abel is able to stop me, nigga, not me!
Got the streets asking "Damn, who can top P?"
Summer Jam? Killed it, man, they did it all with one beat
I guess I'm bi-coastal now
Took a down south brother to bring your boy out (What?!)
As the wheel keeps spinning
I can hear niggas thinking Crack got one hit, then he out
Nope! Joey bring them semi's out
Force you and yours to pour a little Henny out
So much rappers acting in the game
I had to tell them put the mic away
And run and get your Emmy's out
Lean back, motherfuckers
This here's a three peat we back at the Rucker
It's Cook Coke Crack, preach it to ya, brother
The mic more rap and preach you motherfuckers

[Hook]
Said my niggas don't dance
We just pull up our pants and, do the rockaway
Now lean back, lean back, lean back, lean back
Said my niggas don't dance
We just pull up our pants and, do the rockaway
Now lean back, lean back, lean back, lean back

[Outro: Lil Jon]
Said my niggas don't dance we just pull out our gats
And say blow your back away, fuck nigga
Lean back, lean back
Lean back, lean back
I said my niggas don't dance we just pull out our gats
And say blow your back away, bitch nigga
Lean back, lean back
Lean back, lean back
HEY!