[Intro:]
First of all, understand that she's a master at what she does
And the fact that she's a master of what she does
And the fact that she also has a master's degree
And is mastered the ins and outs of this business
The fact that she's doing all of that and giving me brain at the same time
Is just to let you understand Mastermind

[Verse 1: Fabolous]
Is that your soulmate or your cellmate?
Do you fuck with him or you stuck with him?
What's a real nigga who ain't being real with ya?
What's a downass bitch that ain't still with ya?
That's a shame Keanan, Ivory Wayans
Put your best shades on, look what I became
Had to Allen I the game in my own shoes
I be steppin' over niggas, Tyrone Lou's
Oohs
From the real, that's the only crowd I hear
Smoke kush, drink Ciroc, and I call it loud and clear
Hermes outer wear, all gold Audemar
Tom Ford high-tops like you niggas where?
Them shit's beautiful, what is it? Velvet?
I fucked your bitch Froggy Style, word to Melvin
Baby boy shit, you on some maybe boy shit
Like you got it now, but it maybe your boys shit
Six, seven, Rolls Royces, maybe it's Floyd shit
Your bitch playin' games? I maybe the joy-stick
Supreme baller like, that's all I like
Straight to the source for the J's, I got all the mics

[Hook: Keith Sweat]
Tell me it's real
Tell me this is real, baby
How does it feel?
How does it feel?

[Verse 2: Ma$e]
I'm rap prominent, rap dominent, rap opulence
First cat to take rap across the continent
I get ya whacked for a stack, it's a G thing
Then throw a rack and a crack it's a G string
Cash few hundred, clack, who want it?
Bag of blue hundreds, dash 200
Dash 250, endless speed nigga
Or you near-sighted? You can't see me nigga
I'm a different speed, different league, different breed
Hit different hoes so you die from a different disease
Dopest of the illest, illest of the dopest
Fold a 2 million dollar check infront of my loafers
You get to Heaven you go ask Biggie 'bout me
Closest thing I'm rich Porter speeding in the Audi
Hot tamale, get the hoes hot without the Molly
Hoppin' out the 'Rari, bodies in the lobby
Llamas like the Dali

[Hook: Keith Sweat]

[Verse 3: Rick Ross]
Chickens in the kitchen, bitches on the terrace
Never interference, praying for your parents
See me when you see me in the BM look like Erick Sermon
The most beautiful thing is I'm high as Keith Murray
Mobb Deep shook ones, know they never think about it
Glock 5, G6, take the (?) with the single pilot
New money, all I see is blue money
In Orlando projects new coupe money
Pipe dream, melting shorty ice cream
Tip change with the boss, you will like things
Top 3, who can top me?
Dead or alive, been that nigga, ask Foxxy!
I'm in paradise with a pair of dice
Let's get this money, mastermind, savage life
50 mil, is it really real?
We the hottest niggas, so fuck how you feel

[Hook: Keith Sweat]

[Verse 4: Big KRIT]
I came a long way from country bumpkin, now I'm with the foreign
Pop top momma, even if it's snowin'
Got a bad bitch that love to suck and fuck me till I'm snorin'
Relate to bank tellers, counting money is never borin'
Over lobster, steak, shrimp and pasta on my plate
Dash on they ass, never prison on the break
I was doin' what it takes just to make a mil
But niggas smile more than ever just to show the grill
(Invisible set) the set
Don't make a nigga have to flex, blow a check
Naw motherfucker, that's a threat
(Hit the lot) Buy it all, VIPin' with ya broad
Ain’t no service, where she twerkin', make it kinda hard to call
We was in it, (my) Beemer whips
(No fruits and veggies) she was ready
My debonairness gets her the wettest
Cause nobody
Can do it like I does it
Bust a band, pop a trunk, sub thumpin' out in public
Is this real?

[Hook: Keith Sweat]

[Outro:]
Black bottles
Black bottles
Black bottles
I need a black model
Black bottles