Rollin' around with my 10-man crew
Lookin' for a nigga that they call Boo
He's a stick-up kid living on the block
Stickin' up niggas out after dark
He was fucking with my little brother the other night
My brother said the punk cold took his bike
I was mad and I was gettin' upset
Got two clips with my nine and then jet
And you can guess what I'm gonna do
While I'm ridin' 'round with my crew
I'mma blast that nigga, I'mma shoot that nigga
I'mma smoke that nigga, I'mma do that nigga
Yeah, cause I want niggas to know that I'm Dog
And I'm runnin' the show
Just then my man said "Look"
"There goes the nigga, there goes the crook"

[Dialogue]
Shhh - be quiet man. Pull over...
Yeah, I'mma show this nigga what time it is
Yeah, let me get out...
Ayyo Boo, ayyo Boo, come here man, come here
(Boo) Yeah, what's up? What's up?
Ayyo, check this out here...
(Pop-pop-pop)
To hell with you! I'm a Bronx nigga

[Hook]
I'm a Bronx nigga, I'm a Bronx nigga (x3)

[Verse 2]
Standin' on the Ave., One-Six-Nine
Bitches lookin' dope and I'm going for mine
There's a girl named Lisa lookin' kind of fly
She walked by and cold winked her eye
Awww shit, the bitch is on my dick
That's the piece of ass that I've got to hit
So I make my move, start to kick game
She had the nerve to ask me my name
"I'm the Dog, the largest motherfucker in my block
"Get in my car and let's hit the spot
"What's the spot? The spot that's my cribbo
"My place, my pad, bitch you know
"It's the place where I put my head to rest
"Just get in my ride and I'll tell you the rest"
We was out and I was doin' 95
Got to the crib in ten minutes time
Poured her a nice cold drink
Whispered in her ear and said "I know what you think"
She said "What?
I said "I think you're all that"
"How can you tell?"
"Because your ass is phat"
She said "What? I know you're not tryin' to diss"
"Naw, I'm just playin'. Yo, give me a kiss"
I was tonging the bitch down and finger-poppin'
Next thing you know, her panties start droppin'
I was dickin' her, dickin' her, dickin' her well
Dickin' her, dickin' her, dickin' her well
Dickin' her, dickin' her, dickin' her well...
Until the bitch started to yell
I got up, washed my dick and got dressed
She said "Dog you know you fuck the best"
I said "Put on your shit, let's break out
"This ain't no motherfuckin' stake-out"
We was out, dropped the bitch at the train
Threw her a token, said "Forget my name"
She got upset and called me a "bum nigga"
I said, "No baby, huh, I'm a Bronx nigga"

[Hook]
I'm a Bronx nigga, I'm a Bronx nigga (x3)

[Verse 3]
I'm a Black man tryin' to make an honest buck
But Five-O don't give a fuck
Pullin' me over at every single light
Hawking me every night
But there's this one night when the Five-O rolled up
Pulled me over and said "Enough is enough"

(POLICE OFFICER) "Hey, let me see your driver's license and your registration right now, BOY!"
Yo, why it gotta be all that? What did I do?
I didn't do nothin', man. Why you fuckin' with me?
(POLICE OFFICER) "Don't give me any of that smart talk nigga, or I'll haul your ass down to jail right now."
Aiight, I got somethin' for you...
(Automatic gunfire)

Smoked his ass, that's why I'm livin'
Later on that night, the news:

(TV reporter) "Black youth kills police officer in the Bronx. Details at 11."

See that shit? It's already on TV
But if it was me, you would have never seen that shit get live on the air
The motherfuckers don't care
That's why I live by the trigger
You know why...cause I'm a Bronx nigga

I'm a Bronx nigga, I'm a Bronx nigga (x3)