Yo Endy what's up with you?
Nah it ain't nothin' see
Yo, ain't that that kid Tim Dog coming up the block?
Yeah yeah it look like him!
Yo that nigga lookin' good, now word up
Word, he lookin' good, mmm ain't you trying to to get with that?
You know that's the kid I was telling you about, the nigga that dissed N.W.A., yo I'm trying to get with that
Yo you better go 'head before I step to to him
Hey yo, Tim Dog, what's up?
Hey yo whatup baby
You don't remember me from last year? I gave you my number
Oh yeah, what's up, how you doin'?
Yo how come you never called?
Yo that was like a year, you told me then you didn't have time for a nigga
Yeah that was then, but this is now, times have changed
Yo, you lookin' good Tim, think you could take me to get something to eat?

Get the fuck outta here bitch, you just bugging
My black nuts you be hugging
Thinking gonna get a meal, but I'm the Dog and I know the real deal
Just because I drive a 300, and me and man is getting blunted
You wanna get inside and go for a ride, but my [?] won't abide
So go on by with your roach ass, next time you see me walk past
'Cause I'm too large, I'm too dope and if you think you're gettin' in, nope
[Vrooom] I'm just outta here, I don't really care dear, I'm just outta here
Pickin' up my man Rhythm X, off to get some real good sex
Bitches like you ain't shit and all I wanna say, just get off the dick

Yo who on his dick?
I don't know who he's talkin' about, he ain't talkin' about me 'cause I ain't on his dick (Just get off the dick)
Just because he got a little ride, he got a record out now he think he all of that! (Just get off the dick)
I don't know about but I wouldn't let that nigga diss me like that (Just get off the dick)
Yo I ain't sweatin' it, I ain't sweatin' it, 'cause I'm gonna get mine
Yo, who that nigga gettin' in that car? I dunno
Hey yo X, get in
Yo Tim let's get the fuck away from these half chicken fried rice White Castle eatin' bitches
Alright
Yo I got some fly bitches across town with some money on Park Avenue, ready to spend, credit cards and everything
[?] what?

Yeah, you know I'm with that shit
'Cause I'm too large for this bullshit
Bitches of today are funny, frontin' with that ass when they want the money
I ain't havin' it, you ain't gettin' jack stamp
'Cause I'm not a kid from a school camp
I'm Tim Dog from the Boogie Down, I don't fuck around, don't wanna be seen around
Any bum roach-ass bitches, playin' me out for my digits
Playing me just like a kid, tryin' to get slick, but just get off the dick

Yo nigga please, you not even all of that
Ain't nobody on your motherfuckin' dick (Just get off the dick)
Nah nah, what the fuck is he talkin' about
(Just get off the dick) I don't know but ain't nobody on your dick Tim Dog, damn
(Just get off the dick) Get a little bit of money, got a record out finally, now you wanna say get off yours? please
Get off the dick please (Just get off the dick)
Why you dissin' us, oh it's like that now (Just get off the dick)
Damn I used to like you, used to have your poster on my wall, bought your record
Damn now you [?]
[?] they get a little money and then they don't wanna see you, what's up (Just get off the dick)
Damn you ain't got nothing to say for yourself!
JUST GET OFF MY DICK!