Hey yo what's up Kool Keith?
Oh shit my nigga Tim Dog!
Oh shit, nigga's cock diesel, where the fuck you been at?
Yo man had to do a little time man, I did this kid in Compton, you know how it is
Yeah it's good to see your black ass home man what's up, so what happened
Alright well it happened like this

There I was, riding in the bus full of fiends
I'm going up state to the motherfucking penile
My hands are handcuffed
"Open the window" ("Ah, shut the fuck up!")
CO had the shout
Smacked me in the face and said "close your mouth"
I'm chillin' in the back with two Puerto Ricans
And their feet was stinkin' Whoo!

Going to my cell
("Open D Level!") scared as hell
Tryin' to take me a shower, wash and fast
Faggots call scope on my ass ("Hey, baby!")
Going to the rec room
85 niggas and one TV,huh
Yo this ain't for me, there's got to be a better way
This May I'm out with no delay
But here comes a big nigga named Bruce
Oh shit! What am I to do?
Run, hide, fight
I'm swift with my hands so the Dog's a'ight
If he step, I say "Yo what's your beef?"
"Beef? Nigga you look kinda sweet"
"How's about you be my stuff?"
Rough and rough" I said "Yo I had enough!"
Left, right!
Left, right!
Left, left, right!
And he was out for the night
Now I'm the man that's running D-Level
Takin' no shorts, all bass and treble
Now Bruce is washing my drawers
Cleaning my floors and scrubbin' down walls
This what I get for tryin' to get wild
I'm goin' wild in the penile

Goin' wild in the penile!
Goin' wild in the penile!
Goin' wild in the penile!
Goin' wild in the penile!
Goin' wild in the penile!
Goin' wild in the penile!
Goin' wild in the penile!
Goin' wild in the penile!

Talkin' to my girl back home
CO told me to get off the phone
But I'm not living like a sucker
Go ahead baby, fuck the motherfucker!
CO tried to swing but he missed
But I just hissed and gave my girl a kiss
Tim Dog goin' wild in the penile
Takin' no shorts, [?] or style
I'm the motherfuckin' man with the group
To demolish a few, now what you wanna do
You wanna throw? I don't think so
I'm big dog and you're sweet and low
Hip-hop convict causing a fit
You come in hard, you got out suckin' dick
Turn that ass, churn that ass
Think you a man, I'll burn that ass
I'm the lyrical prophet, straight out of [?]
You can' stop it now drop it
Facts [?] with hard tracks
Never relax so call me Mad Max
Hardcore is my solution
Is there another like me? No there's just one
Am I the best? Who better? There is none
You wanna battle, come you bum and get some
So if you're wack you will simply get done
'Cause I'ma stick 'em and vick 'em and lick 'em and dick 'em
And run 'em and gun 'em and hold 'em and fold 'em and bold 'em
And rape 'em and tape 'em, 'cause I just can't take 'em!

Goin' wild in the penile! (Yeah!)
Goin' wild in the penile! (Yeah!)
Goin' wild in the penile! (Yeah!)
Goin' wild in the penile!
Goin' wild in the penile!
Goin' wild in the penile!
Goin' wild in the penile! (Yeah!)
Goin' wild in the penile! (Yeah!)
Goin' wild in the penile!
Goin' wild in the penile!
Goin' wild in the penile!
Goin' wild in the penile!

Hey yo, what's up Big Bond?
Yo, what's up man, y'know just chillin' with my man J gettin' ready to do this record
Yo what's up Rockface?
What's up Time Dog, I'm up here with Larry Davis and Jones [?] and the motherfuckin' slasher, cold chillin'
Yeah, yeah we up here in the motherfuckin' penile goin' wild
Hey yo, baby, come here and suck my dick
("Again? I don't wanna do it again!")

"Alright quiet down in there you motherfuckas!"