[Intro - Old Radio Reel]
I'm at a hard rock concert at Providence Stadium, 80,000 screaming kids are dancing in the aisles...[?] rocks his guitar, stares up at the sky as though memorized at what he sees

[Verse 1]
I'm a revolutionist taking [?] to justice
I can't trust this, so bust this
Build your mind, heal your mind, don't come steal your mind
'Cause we don't have time
'Cause if you sleep you can have a nightmare
Black on black crime is everywhere
Pipe that out just love your brother man
Love your brother man from the other motherland
And if society don't give a damn about you, here's what you do
Love your mother, yeah
Love your sister, yeah
Love your father, yeah
Love the government? Huh, why bother!
They don't care, it's capitalistic, imperialistic, that's the realistic
Yo I don't wanna teach, and I'm in no position to preach
I'm a strong black man with powerful thoughts
Whoooo! I ain't takin' no shorts!

[Verse 2]
People, people, what's going on?
I'm tired of hearing that sad, sad song
Saying we shall overcome
I gotta overcome, I'm not deaf, blind and dumb
'Cause I'm a true righteous man
On stage I'm the hypest man!
Suckers disrespect my black skin tone
I can hold my own when daddy ain't home
Word up, on the real tip, hold me back 'cause I'm about to flip
I get wreck, but keep my [?] ledge
[?] civilize I won't fall off the edge
'Cause I'm hyper and God is my enlightener
And knowledge born equals knowledge cypher
Back up back up, 'cause I'm not new to this
Back up back up, 'cause yo I'm true to this
Teachin' you what I've been taught
And remember, I ain't takin' no shorts!

[Verse 3]
I ain't takin' no shorts! Only strength and [?]
Listen to the words 'cause the message is strong
Raise your fists, if it's strong and you know it
Pump your fists if you're proud and you show it
Stay true to God, and to yourself
That's more than material wealth
Everytime I rhyme I'm filled with frustration
My thoughts are the world my brain is the nation
Get wearier, inferior, exterior
My thoughts react now I'm superior
Peace to the Asiatic black man of course
Yeah, I ain't takin' no shorts!