[Hook] (Lil durk)
I can't trust myself, OTF
But this is what I rep, OTF. (That's GBE)
Niggas can't get right, so they get left. (So they get left)
It's nothing else but OTF. (That's GBE)
Only the family in my eyes, and that's OTF
And we is not a gang, we just here. (We just here)
Everybody claimin' OTF. (That's GBE)
We OTF, bitch. We OTF

[Verse 0: Chief Keef]
064 Boys, you betta know boy
Have my young niggas, kick a door boy
You better blow boy, cause we gon' blow boy
You better duck boy, get on the floor boy
600 Boys, I rock with those boys
D.Rose boy, my lil bro boy
He gon' blow boy, Get you gon' boy
Y'all some lil boys, I'm a grown boy
Gimmie some racks, bout 5 stacks
And if he holding that? Imma rob that
Yeah I'm checking niggas, like a contract
Yous a lil nigga, I'm beyond that
Where yo moms at?, my dick she can climb that
Fuck A Tooka Gang, I let this ruger bang
For my bro-gods, I let this ruger sing
So don't try us, we is too insane

[Taken back] (Lil Durk, Chief Keef)
O.T,O.T, OTF, for my niggas I'm going crazy
Chief Sosa, for that nigga they going crazy
So hide your lady, my niggas reckless they'll fuck your lady
And let you have it, fuck nigga we all savage
L-L-Lets get it

[Verse 1: Lil Reese]
These niggas can't get right so they get left
I be ballin' out the gym, don't need no help
I be swaggin' to the max, I swag myself
Ima hitta, like Lil Durk, invented that
Mouth duck taped, I neva rat
For that bread, I go bananas, I go ape
All my niggas global now, outter space
I ain't doing shit for free you gotta pay
She gone fuck for free, anyway
And I only want the top, that mean yo face
I can't trust a soul, get 'em out my face
Ima savage for that green, need cake

[Taken back]
O.T, O T, OTF, for my niggas I'm going crazy
Chief Sosa, for that nigga they going crazy
So hide your lady, my niggas reckless they'll fuck your lady
And let you have it, fuck nigga we all savage
300 savage with Lamron, it's closed caskets
O-Block we blitzing niggas like John Madden
300 savage with Lamron, it's closed caskets
O-Block we blitzing niggas, John Madden
L-L-Lets get it

[Verse 2: Lil Durk]
I'm on the block and my name hold weight
Where I'm from, late night, it ain't safe
Fuck a op, dot cops, niggas snakes
Rachael Ray on my waist, I'm tryna bake
Movie clips with uzi, one take
My life a movie, I be livin' what I say
Rat niggas them the ones behind the tape
Snitch niggas them the ones behind the jakes
On my wrist, it's an Audemar
I'm ballin' hard, I'm with all the stars
OTF, bitch, we some stars
Foreign bitches say we got some awesome cars

[Hook]
I can't trust myself, OTF
But this is what I rep, OTF. (That's GBE)
Niggas can't get right, so they get left. (So they get left)
It's nothing else but OTF. (That's GBE)
Only the family in my eyes, and that's OTF
And we is not a gang, we just here. (We just here)
Everybody claimin' OTF. (That's GBE)
We OTF, bitch. We OTF
Lets get it