Who gon' do the math?

[Verse One]:
Imagine if 2Pac would have had kids
And left another soldier for the revolution
And what if them cowards would have never shot B.I.G.?
I bet he'd still spit
I bet it'd be sick
Imagine the '84 draft, Mike ain't get picked
What if #2 would have won all of those chips
Think Nike would have given son his own kicks?
Could you imagine the Bowie's instead of Jordans?
And what if Eazy ain't die, it was Cube instead?
Wouldn't be no Doughboy, wouldn't be no Craig
Shit, wouldn't be a Chris Tucker or Mike Epps
Imagine this type shit, imagine it's like this
If Martin never walked
And Rosa never sat
Would there be a Barack?
Could the prezzy be black?
Would there ever be rap without jams in the park?
With no Kool Herc and Afrika Bambaataa
Damn, I think nada
If Jaz-O would've popped
Would hypeman Hov have ever started The Roc?
I bet he couldn't bag Beyonce if not
Would he have had Carmen, would he have had Fox?
Could we have had Lox if Mary ain't tell Puff
That the demo was tough?
Would the Ryders be Ruff?
Would the product of Run DMC be the same
If Run was the DJ, would Jay have been slain?
Imagine Richard Pryor never snorted cocaine
Could Dave Chappelle excel when Martin had came?
What if Aalyiah's plane never hit rough terrain?
Would it still be the same?
Would she had married Dame?
What if that mary jane that we spark on the flame?
Wasn't illegal mane? Would you spark it the same?
Could you marvel at things if it wasn't what it was?
Would you wanna be thugs if there never was Bloods?
What if they wore gloves, walk around cleaning shit?
In blue overalls, you still wanna be Crip?
What if they ain't download, the music still sold?
You think me and Marco, Double Barrel went gold?
What if I knew Pete Rock, Premier and Large Pro?
And they all gave me heat to compliment the flow
And I played it for Buckshot and he was like, "Yo
We about to make Duck Down Records your new home."
What if Buck was Russell?
What if Dru was Rick?
Imagine Def Jam had the Boot Camp Clik
Imagine there's no food stamps, imagine there's no WIC
To take care of your kids, the hood would be sick
Niggas would be vics on the regular
What if they ain't enhance and advance the form of the cellular
Niggas carrying brick phones, forever brah
You couldn't text at all
Only accept a call
This is just some shit I think about in the lab
When I'm at half a bag and the beat's on blast
Some say it's food for thought
And some will just laugh
But how many of y'all is gonna do the math?
Who gon' do the math?

[Scratching]:
"You do the math"
"If you don't know the equation then you can't do the math" - Big Shug 'Capture (Militia Part 3)'
"You do the math"
"Multiplying fractions, now you know the half" - LL Cool J 'Life As...'