[Intro: Large Professor (Neek The Exotic)]
Now, I've never been one to knock the next man for gettin' his
You know what I'm sayin'? (Right, right)
And I do realize that hip-hop is now a form of showbiz (Uh huh)
But this has always been somethin' with which you have to be true
So, in the year on 1992... (Now, this is how we do!)

[Verse 1: Large Professor & Neek The Exotic]
At the age of 19, heard the scene
A lot of MCs that do not come clean
Frontin' on dealin' hard times in rhymes
You see 'em in the streets and you see no signs
Of the hell, and they get on stage and tell
Some old cornball war story, ring the bell! (Word!)
You're fakin' the funk
Talkin' that extra hard junk, you're probably a punk
And I'ma let you know
That this way, you just don't cut with the artificial flow
Neek the Exotic breaks backs and necks
When fakes try to front, they get smoked like blunts
My rhymes penetrate like skunk
Ayo word up, I think you're fakin' the funk
You're fakin' the funk! (You're fakin' the funk!)

[Hook x6]
Yo! You're fakin' the funk! (You're fakin' the funk!)

[Verse 2: Large Professor & Neek The Exotic]
You do a song about a current event
Get on television and seem hesitant to represent
And that's what we call (Fraud!)
You can't kick the streets with a "Look, I sold out" award (Word!)
And everywhere has streets
That's not tryin' to hear the same wack rhymes
Over the same stink beats
'Cause times are real and I can't feel
Puttin'... down on the reel to reel
Now, I'ma let you know
With those weak style of raps, it's time to go
I eject rejects that step
I'm a vet ready to snap your neck
I shine and rise at the same time
The mastermind of the sport called the rhyme
Now, it's my time to dump chumps that front
(Ayo, Professor what's up?)
You're fakin' the funk! (You're fakin' the funk!)

[Hook x6]
Yo! You're fakin' the funk! (You're fakin' the funk!)

[Verse 3: Large Professor (Neek The Exotic)]
The era of the wack MC is gettin' shut down
When the Main Source stomps through your town
'Cause we don't play the role of a clown
And keep things jumpin' with the real rap sound
So, to all the people stealin' beats (You're fakin' the funk)
To the crossover rapper with the pleats (You're fakin' the funk)
To all the chumps that's claimin' the streets (You're fakin' the funk)
Frontin' incredible feats (You're fakin' the funk)
To the girl acting like a prostitute (You're fakin' the funk)
Wearin' that hooker type suit (You're fakin' the funk)
To the rapper with the big space suit (You're fakin' the funk)
To the artist that doesn't pay dues (You're fakin' the funk
'Cause, Exotic and then you're torn with the hyper tone
I can't be blown because my rhymes are hard like stone
So, prepare for the scare 'cause I'm you're worst nightmare, punk
'Cause you're, 'cause you're...)

[Hook x7]