DJ Unknown & DJ Mekalek ft. Mr. Complex and L.I.F.E. Long - “Large Pro”
[Emcee(s): Mr. Complex and L.I.F.E. Long]
[Producer(s) of Instrumental 1: Large Professor (Original Instrumental from Large Professor - "The Mad Scientist")]
[Producer(s) of Instrumental 2: Large Professor (Original Instrumental from Tragedy Khadafi ft. Havoc - “Da Funk Mode (Large Professor Remix)”)]
[DJ Mix: DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]
[Scratches: DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]

[Intro: Mr. Complex]
Yeah, yeah, uh.  We’re gonna do it like this.  Uh, uh, we’re gonna do it like that.  Take you back.  Way, way back.  Who that?  Who that?  It’s Complex—you knew that.  Catch a little wreck with DJ Unknown and DJ Mek.  Do it like this.  Do it like, uh.  Do it like, uh.  Do it like, “What?”  Yo, yo

[Verse 1: Mr. Complex]
I’ll catch
Wreck on the mic on the toilet—you don’t want to go after me
Talk shit with my name in the same sentence is blasphemy
I’ll change your ways like construction.  My fluction
Causing abduction ‘cause I’ll take your places
A lot of emcees will visit places you already been
Like Jermen, like Jermaine.  Let’s get serious, let’s
End.  Let’s begin it again and a-gain and again, ah
I’ll get in your skin like aloe and lanolin, ah
Channeling force from a source that’s so pure.  Of course it’s
Kept raw, but I’ll cook it to your liking
Your aimlessly stroll turned to hiking.  Your skate-
-boarding turned to biking.  Your [?] chick turned
To strike you back—fuck that.  No way I’ma lose when
I got on my lucky hat.  You little muskrat, you little rodent
So I feel free to bust at with an Elmer Fudd musket
I’m clean, so anxious, rip down this microphone
You’re so suspect, you’re so despicable, so predict-
-able.  I’m sick of you.  I’m sick within and sick
Of being sick of you.  Pass the Nyquil before I put the
Visual to my audio like hype will ‘cause the night will never end
Pleasant, unless you find pleasure in head-severing
Moans and cries from grown guys.  Knew when fools
Have grown wise with known ties and allies, but
Nobody’s got your back when I rise.  Yo, yo
We do it like that.  I’m saying

[Verse 2: L.I.F.E. Long]
Uh, another dead body on the street
Another dead body on the street
Yo, never do you wrong.  It’s L.I.F.E
Long out of the Stronghold
We bold.  Fuck all y’all biters.  Peace
To my Writers Guild.  Still maintaining
On our destiny, crafting thoughts, manifesting
I’ve been paying dues, got back receipts
And union t-shirts.  I even got stories of war, murders
Seen while in flight.  The kamikaze craft
Pilot the aerocalligraphy.  Got my prepaid
Card for hang time.  Check, my composition paper looking
Like a work of art.  I’ll script ‘til the pen’s inkless
But never thinkless or thoughtless.  Freestyling
In the dome while doing a chorus.  I’ll make music
For A-Alikes.  I must keep the energy levels
Up [?] speak from in self
And stay humble.  Got advantage over prey in midair
Like Rumble.  L.I.F.E. Long stomping through cities, making
Buildings crumble.  I’ll throw passes, but y’all steady fumble
It’s an upset as y’all fall and steady
Tumble.  L.I.F.E. Long.  Who ready to rumble with the
Rough start?  Flipping the verses and shatter your jug-
-ular vein.  Insert the lyrical pain inside
Your membrane.  It’s like that how we do it
Yo, you can’t even pursue it.  It’s L.I.F.E. Long