Yeah, yeah, yeah...

[Verse 1]
Rolling dice can help you or hurt you, your virtue is
Knowing when to quit cause you've hit your cash curfew
Even if you have to get swift and swindle
It's as long as you win, so close you're simple
I see people rolling dice with lives
Telling lies and cutting throats like knives
For a sandwich and shelter, he'll probably sell the
Clothes on they man's back for fame and wealth or
Go with the next man's girl and hit the skins
Get in his face and say "Yo, we're best friends"
Scared of a tattle, because their tail shake like a rattle
And then they'll kiss behind like a saddle
That'll be the reason why you'll bleed from greed
Ready to diss your own brother at breakneck speed
You roll the dice real fast and think you're nice
But gotta be more precise
Cause I'll keep looking, and you'll keep scheming
I'll start hooking, and you'll be screaming
Starting a tries in a alibis
Cause you keep rolling snake eyes

Yeah, yeah, yeah...

[Verse 2]
The person you least expect to slit your neck
Nine times out of every ten crimes is the prime suspect
It doesn't feel good, when you can't trust blood
And your neighbor's the neighborhood hood
Plotting the cut neck scam
You sleeping in the end, you get swept cause you slept
You hear the dice get blown on so step back
Snakes attack and move as fast as a Cadillac
But if found in my circumference
The next day you'll pay to get your fronts fixed
Rolling 11 is the opposite of heaven
It's craps, so start revving to make tracks
Once a snake, you stay a snake
When you're small you took cookies, but now you take the cake
And talk behind backs, and switch facts
And tax, and probably smoke cracks
Cause one minute my crib you're all in it
The next day you wanna play self centered?
Just because you're in with the fake guys
And you keep rolling snake eyes

Yeah...

[Verse 3]
I watch people roll dice in the jungle of concrete
Where venom corrodes the streets
Where the girls get foul on the guys, why?
(They're rolling snake eyes!)
Where the guys get foul on their wives, why?
(They're rolling snake eyes!)
False producers are telling lies, why?
(They're rolling snake eyes!)
Policemen are taking bribes, why?
(They're rolling snake eyes!)
So here's the solution to the problem that lies ahead
Shoot a motherfucking snake dead
For rolling snake eyes