[Intro: Pete Rock]
Recognize cats. Yeah yeah. 1, 2. Yeah, what? Uh huh. We hitting you off with the ill underground shit. My nigga Tommy Tee with the capital P to the E. T. E. R.O.C.K. What? Eryday we rock like this yaknahmean? For the '98, '99 straight to 2 G

[Hook: Pete Rock] {x2}
We hit you off with the underground pound for pound
Rock from state to state son, world renown
Make cream across the globe, cock back and reload
Hip hop till your motherfucking ears explode

[Verse 1: Mike Zoot]
From the old school to new school, no school rule
Fuck staff and the students I was influenced by the truant
Number one with a dum dum like guns was cool
Jewel dropped every one and a half bar on the stool
The star by which they drool, girls moisten I hoisten
Skirts off they waist in the place they friend pointing
Mike Z double, always in some trouble
But it's gon' be some puddles, bust lips and eyes bubbles
And a cold piece of steak on your face
Taking a bat race while I celebrate to a 24 bottle cases and plates
All drinks drunk straight
And don't nothing get chased except for homeboy on the left
Smoking on that stress out my place
Yo, yo bat guns defend my gates
Pour out some liquor for Klate
And Little Shawn is gone
The same shit goes on
Like a long long song until I touch it for a taste
And got to go back into play

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Large Professor]
Yo it's the actual factual, gigantic maximum
Hot rhymes smart, nigga with heart
So I show love and bless rap niggas and rep that
Real deal hip hop even with my shit chop
To the skull
Could never be dull
Have the bitches up on it and niggas like, "Yo
That's Large Professor" oh yeah and I'ma let you know
On like the metronome where ever I roam
Mad shout outs and cheers for your ceremony
I'm never phony
I'm live and direct son ya know me
The kid that rocks Spanks and get lots of checks
Been in every building been in every projects
Been OT and overseas with officials
Speaking of big shit, you front I might diss you
Had both feet in this game from day one
Acknowledge it niggas stay rough and don't polish it

[Hook]

[Verse 3: AG]
Check, there ain't many that can scorch A
G, it's funny how they all say the Giant is greater
Everyday and all day from New York to Norway
Puff mud the raw way
Get brain, fuck the foreplay
It's T productions, I lay heat on percussions
Word up, all y'all rappers can keep on trucking
I can't be scorched
Raps even get the panties off
I step off and floss like Randy Moss
Did I really mention, I get head like Billy Clinton?
Tell you the beef is dead when it really isn't
And the police harass us on the block for no reas'
Now-a-days shit'll get hot we won't leave
I'm holding like you holding
Throw it like you throw it
Straight head shots cause my vest shots the bullshit
Money, let's stop the bullshit
Next stop's the bull pen so bring the hook back in

[Hook]

[Scratching]
"Worldwide"
"Pete Rock"
"Taking you worldwide so bust it"
"Worldwide"
"Mike Zoot"
"We on the clock, shit'll start before it stops"
"Worldwide"
"I'm called the Mad Scientist, Extra P"
"A.G."
"A to the fucking G"