Lyricks

Mother fuckers wanna act loco Hit him with numerous shots with a 44
Or a choke hold then I upload the clip of you getting hit via go pro
That's what you get messing with a chick breaking bro code
Thats a no no you numb nuts, you Bobo getting bum rushed
With nun chucks or young guns: taps on the top of your head like duck duck
You better duck duck, if you get struck tough luck
You the type of brother that go to the police
Rapping about trapping pounds why you lying in your song homie? man... you just sold gs
I never seen a quap nor oz/ Just cuz you old don't make you og/
How come real hyungs never even heard of your name or your gang but they know me?
I was bought up with 90s products, like Nas and Kool g, with onyx
With biggie, AZ the chronics. The roots to the wutang, ruffryders
Smoke w delfonics feeding my boys hydroponics deep in a bronx project apartment
Living off rap barely survivin... But damn we actually did it
Left the comfort, to suffer and to find my limits, I'm still looking homey. Humble side saying everybody nice, but the real me singing I'm so ronery, put my hands up like hymn song, I'm il like Kim Jong I'm lunchin, Mcs my banchan. Supers the future prime time, the truth like 16 jul 3 jang // I'm still the shit even if I look like shit i'm ssamjang. Ohh murder! Now jahjang you booboo I'll take care of you feed you Gerber lazy baby rhyme baby food. (babied you)

C Note

How about a little bit of flavor?
Shake that like some salt and pepper
Flavor for ya ear just sit back lip that song like it's all I remember
Rewind and playback that classic jam from way back
That day in ya mind when you played that for the first time and ya mind said save that
Like cool breezes and good food like cool peoples and good moods
Never succumb to the odds of a guy with the eyes like mine talkin bout who you?
I'm upgraded updated let me welcome you to my newsroom
With a tune from a viewpoint far from the usual radio joint that you cruise to
Let me break it down like hammer time
Like hammer pants just let loose
Just move to the tempo, go wit the hand motions like a note just hit you uh!
Visuals and audio from a trio far from the obvious
No do overs or copying just soloists that compliment
Each other when the music hit it's official like a picture that was birthed from a stencil
That song that caught you in the moment gripping you like a hand with a anvil
So Let go let it echo then you check those fake homies hating on the way low
Then you take that hate and you make it so they can't say not a thing like a day old you WORD