[Intro skit]
Sinigen!
Wassup boy?
Chillen
Whats up with the love?
Shiie... same old same old
Eh yo I heard Ill's rap the other day
Uh huh?
For fresh mess
Right?
I heard it was dope
You didn't hear the track yet, did you?
Yeah I heard Check it
No, I said did you hear the track yet, for fresh mess?
Oh nah I didn't hear the track yet I just heard the verse
Your boy Danny is getting hot too
Aww naw you ain't getting anything

[Hook]
Fresh mess y'all. Mess that's fresh y'all
Mess that's fresh y'all. Fresh mess y'all
Fresh mess y'all. Mess that's fresh y'all
Mess that's fresh y'all. Fresh mess y'all

So fresh it's ridiculous, so fresh it's ridiculous, so fresh it's ridiculous

[Verse 1]
LIke a fat man crapping eating a bucket of chicken
Mixed in with chitlins funky I'll be gettin
I bust a ryhmes so fresh they need to name me busta ryhmes
But that names been tookin but I'm better lookin
Now lets get down to the nitty of the gritty
I'll be the dog chasing pussy's out of my city
Like felix the cat I always got my bag of tricks
I'll pull out my mic and put rough rhymes in the mix
And when it comes to kicking it I'm like bluecane
I'm Dr Giggles laughing keeping you in pain
I'm murder on the mic but I'm hoping for a halo
One hundred percent Detroit so you know I drink faygo
Now when on the mic I blow MC's to smithereens
I'm down for a ball like X Men, Wolverine
For those who don't know I'm danger to a stranger
I'll take you on size like a power ranger

[Hook]
Can you rock like this? Eh yo I rock like that
But can you rock like this? You know I rock it like that
Can you rock like this? Eh yo I rock like that
But can you rock like this? Well I rock it like that
Can you rock like this? You know I rock it like that
Can you rock like this? Eh yo I rock like that

{Verse 2]
Fresh mess y'all. Mess that's fresh y'all
Mess that's fresh y'all. Fresh mess y'all
Now when I say I better make it its my crew and my chips
Now I'll put your foot of place and put it between your hips
??????????? I'll squeeze em on your lips
East side of Detriot you wanna come?
I'm giving away free trips, bring yo ass on
The more come the merrier, the hood comes first
Then the soul reburyer, the suburbs are ???? for hood is for real
The hood niggas kill for real, I got to keep it real
For those that are real started cutting pieces up with Ill
??????????????????????????
Young in twenty year my company worth a bill


[Hook]
Can you rock like this? Eh yo I rock like that
But can you rock like this? You know I rock it like that
Can you rock like this? Eh yo I rock like that
But can you rock like this? Well I rock it like that
Can you rock like this? You know I rock it like that
Can you rock like this? Eh yo I rock like that

{Verse 3]
So on the up on em. Straight up you think I care if your loyal?
You bring your men to my face I guarantee I out flow em
I'll show him, ontop of that 'll probably straight up hoe'em
He get in line I'll break him down triple A and come an tow him
You whack ass label rappers are the one that grow em
So I'm going to get on that task and mow em
Hoe's in a situation in a whack ass situation that steadily increase's
Whack ass rapper, whack ass label, equal whack ass releases
You got a lot of guts to waste your loot and start promoting
Now sense you present, now are you voting?
But put your vote in, make sure I get elected
You don't like the situation your ass can correct it
See me and Ill wreck it especially on the record
??????????? when the tables when I connect it
I'm here put you whack ass school and put it to test yall

Mess that's fresher then fresh, that's fresh mess y'all