JONATHAN DAVIS
FRED DURST

[Intro]
Say what, say what? [x3]
I say what, say what?
My dick is bigger than yours
Ooh, say what, say what?
I say what, say what?
I say what, say what?
My band is bigger than yours

[Verse 1]
Too bad I got your beans in my bag
You stuck-up sucker, Korny motherfucker
Taking over flows is the Limp pimp
Need a Bizkit to save this crew from Jon Davis
I'm gonna drop a little east side skill
Ya best step back cause I'm 'a kill, I'm 'a kill
So, what you thinking, Mr. Raggedy man?
Doing all you can to look like Raggedy Ann
Check you out, punk, yes I know you feel it
You look like one of those dancers from the Hanson video
You little faggot ho', please give me some shit to wank with
Cause right now I'm all it, kid, suck my dick kid like your daddy did
Who the fuck you think you're talking to?
I'm known for eating little whiny chumps like you
All up in my face with that, "are you ready?"
But halitosis is all you're rocking steady
You little fairy, smelling on your flowers
Nappy hairy chest, look it's Austin Powers
I hear ya tweeting on them fag-pipes Clyde
But you said it best, there's no place to hide
What the fuck ya saying? You're a pimp whatever, Limp dick
Fred Durst needs to rehearse, needs to reverse what he's saying
Wannabe funk doobiest when you're playing
Ripping up a bad counterfeit, faking, plus your bills I'm paying

You can't eat that shit every day, Fred
Lay off the bacon
Say what, say what?
You better watch your fucking mouth, Jon

[Chorus]
So, you hate me and I hate you
You know what, you know what?
It's all in the family
I hate you and you hate me
You know what?
Its all in the family

[Verse 2]
Look at you, fool, I'm gonna fuck you up twice
Throwing rhymes at me like, oh shit alright, Vanilla Ice
Ya better run, run while ya can, can never fuck me up
Bisc Limpkit, at least I got a P.H.A.T. original band
Who's hot, who's not?
You best step back, Korn on the cob
You need a new job, time to take them mic skills
Back to the dentist and buy yourself a new grill
You pumpkin pie, I'll jack-off in your eye
Climbing shoots and ladders, while your ego shatters
But you just can't get away
Because it's doomsday kid, it's doomsday

[Chorus]
So, I hate you and you hate me
You know what, you know what?
It's all in the family
I hate you and you hate me
You know what, you know what?
Its all in the family

[Verse 3]
You call yourself a singer?
You're more like Jerry Springer
Your favorite band is winger
And all you eat is Zingers
You're like a Fruity Pebble
Your favorite flag is rebel
It's just too bad that you're a fag
And on a lower level
So you're from Jacksonville kicking it like Buffalo Bill
Getting butt-fucked by your uncle Chuck
While your sister's on her knees
Waiting for your little peanut
Wait, where'd you get that little dance?
Like them idiots in Waco, you're burning up in Bako
Where your father had your mother, your mother had your brother
It's just too bad your father's mad, your mother's now your lover
Come on hillbilly, can your horse do a fucking wheelie?
You love it down south and boy, you sure do got a purdy mouth

[Chorus]
I hate you and you hate me
You know what, you know what?
It's all in my family
And I hate you and you hate me
You know what, you know what?
Its all in my family

[Outro]
And I love you and I want you
And I'll suck you and I'll fuck you
And I'll butt-fuck you, and I'll eat you
And I'll lick your little dick, motherfucker
Say what, say what?