Part I: Outro

[Verse]
You wanted the worst
You got the worst
The one
The only
Limp Bizkit
We could've stopped
We could've stopped
You wanted the best?
Then don't get the fucking Backstreet Boys CD!
'Cause in this house it's Limp motherfucking Bizkit!
Balls made of steel
Balls made of steel
But don't hit me in the nuts though
Limp Bizkit's in the house!
Limp Bizkit's in the house!
Limp Bizkit's in the house!
Limp Bizkit's in the house!
You ain't shit!
You ain't shit!
You ain't shit!
You ain't shit motherfucker!
You fuck, you ain't shit!

Part II: Radio Sucks

[Matt Pinfield]
Hey, It's the bald man here and I'm here to tell you why the new Limp Bizkit CD is so great. That's because CD's like this one spare you from all the Chart-topping, Teeny-Boppin', disposable happy horse shit that brings up the bile from the back of my neck. I have no time or tolerance for all shitty wack acts like that. I wouldn't piss on thier CD's to put out a fire. And I'm Tired of all the lame-ass, tame-ass, pre-fabricated sorry excuses for singers and musicians who don't even write their own songs. What the world needs now is a musical revolutiuon. We need some rock, we need something that has boss. We something with soul, some depth, some edge, some passion, some power. Shit, if it's gonna be mellow, fuck, man, it better have something, it better mean something! I'm so sick of this shit that I'm hearing on the radio-- radio sucks! The same fuckin songs over, and over again! All the weak ones, all that disposable crap that isn't gonna matter in 3 months, it's just shit! It's crap, fred. Fred I'm telling you there's nothing but shit goin' on and we need some new music

[Fred Durst]
W-Wha-What about Limp Bizkit?

[Matt Pinfield]
Limp Bizkit is fuckin cool, you guys are cool, the new record's great. But fuck all that other shit! I'm so sick of all that weak shit that's takin up space on the charts. Fuck that shit, Fred I'm Outta' here!

[Fred Durst]
Fuck, dude. Fuckin' Pinfield is pissed. Oh, man I gotta go find that bald bastard. Hey, Matt! Matt!

Part III: The Mind of Les

[Verse]
Hit me
Fire cracker

So there you go
Fifteen of your hard earned dollars
Right out the window
Most expensive piece of plastic
I've ever come across

Fifteen dollars
Fifteen dollars
On a shoddy piece of plastic
There is it
Limp Bizkit in all it's glory

Fred Durst, the man, the myth
The compulsive masturbator

You love him, you hate him
You love to hate him

Hello

Once when I was afraid to speak
When I was just a lad
My poppy gavew my nose a tweak
And told me I was bad

Then I learned a brilliant word
Saved my aching nose
The biggest word
That you've ever heard
And this is how it goes

Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious
Even thought he sound of it
Is something quite atrocious

Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious
Ah, those were the days
I don't know

You got any more of that

So what did you think
You were getting
A Celine Dion record
No, no, no young bucky

You laughed, you cried
You just kissed your
Fifteen bucks goodbye

Limp Bizkit
I don't think so
Fred Durst
I don't know

But what the hell
I got paid
Goodbye now