[Intro]
(E. Sermon: Latest record? You stole it from somebody else)
Takin it from the top?
(Hell yeah, we taking it from the top)
Tippy?
All my people [Sing it, daddy]
Hey, uh

(Fly Robin Fly)(Repeat 3X)
(Up, up to the sky)

[Verse One: Method Man]
Excuse me as I kiss the sky
Sing a song of sixpence, a pocketful a rye
Who the fuck wanna die for their culture
Stalk the dead body like a vulture
Ticallion, HMMM
Blacker than your blackest stallion
Hit your housing projects
I represent yo Shaolin my nigga
Hell yes, Apocalypse Now, the gun blaow
It be goin down, diggy diggy down, diggy down down

[Verse Two: Redman]
While the planets and the stars and the moons collapse
When I raise my trigger finger all y'all niggas hit the deck
'Cause ain't no need for that, hustlers and hardcore
Raw to the floor, raw like Reservoir Dogs
The Green-Eyed Bandit can't stand it
With more Fruitier Loops then that Toucan Sam bitch
Plus, the Bombazee got me wide...
(Messin' with them) is a straight suicide



[Verse Three: Method Man]
10 9 8 7 6 5 4
3 2 Murder 1 lyric at your door
Tical bring it to that ass raw
Breaking all the rules like glass jaws
Nigga, you got to get mine to get yours
Fucka, we don't need no rap tour
I'd rather kick the facts and catch you with the rap-ture
More than you bargained for
Tical, that stays open like an all night store
For real, I keeps it ill like a piece of blue steel
Pointed at your temple with the intent to kill
And end your existence, M-E-T
Ain't no use for resistance, H-O-D

[Verse Four: Redman]
I shift like a clutch with the Ruck
Examine my nuts, I don't stop 'til I get enough
6 million ways to die, so I chose
Made it 6 million and 1 with your eyes closed
The blindfold, cold, so you can feel the wrath
And shatter the glass and second half on your monkey ass
Ayo my man (Tical) hit me now
Bitches used to play me now they can't forget me now
Forget me not, I rock the spot, check Glock
Empty off a lickin off in hip hop
Fuck the Billboard, I'm a bullet on my block
How you dope when you paid for your Billboard spot?

[Chorus: Method Man & (Redman)]
Look up in the sky, it's a bird, it's a plane
(It's the Funk Doctor Spock smokin' buddah on the train)
How high? (So high that I can kiss the sky)
How sick? (So sick that you can suck my dick)

(Look up in the sky, it's a bird, it's a plane)
Recognize johnny blaze, ain't a damn thing changed
(How high?) So high that I can kiss the sky
(How sick?) So sick that you can suck my dick

[Verse Five: Method Man]
As I run a mile with a racist
My style was born in the pissy staircases
Dig it, eff a rap critic
He talk about it while I live it
If Red got the blunt, I'm the second one to hit it

[Verse Six: Redman]
Look up in the, I got the verbs, nouns and Glocks in ya
Enter the center, lyrics bang like Rico-chet Rabbit
I bring havoc with an A-K matic
Rollin blunts an all day habit
I get it on like Smiff and Wess
Who click's the best?
Punks take a sip and test
Who splits your vest?
The funk phenomenon
I'm bombin' you like Lebanon
Flow canals of Panama just off stamina

[Chorus 2X: Method Man & (Redman)]
Look up in the sky, it's a bird, it's a plane
(It's the Funk Doctor Spock smokin' (lah) on the train)
How high? (So high that I can kiss the sky)
[Up, up to the sky]
(Look up in the sky, it's a bird, it's a plane)
Recognize Johnny Blaze, ain't a damn thing changed
(How high?) So high that I can kiss the sky
[Up, up to the sky]