(Intro)
Redman: Hehehehe, got the buddha I need to put In, put It In the blunt, put It In the blunt, put It In the blunt, put It In the blunt, put It In the blunt, put It In the blunt, put It In the blunt

[Verse 1: Redman]
Aiyooo, I drops the science when I'm smoking the spliff
Because i be that type of nigga that be fucking yo' bitch
I spit back to back on will still like Ron G
While the Bom-zee got me and Keith on Dom P
Now who's next to test that funk doctor Joe Pesc'
Make shot's rain out your vest and your hoes rest
I smash the butter-est, emcee, but cool with smotherers
Your guzzling, the Aqua-boogie 'till your bubblin'
You drown in my funk doc aqueduct's
If their's more rocks to crush
Then there's more cop's to bust
That's the hood rule
If it's understood, cool
Whichever him or her? Choose emcee i'll remove
I chill the fuck off when my cup runeth over
With Chandon i rhyme to blow your composure
Hit ya, wit' the, shit kodak couldn't picture
Flip a verse make crews-a disperse real quick-er!
Now who's the nicest on the mic baby pa-rsnip
I'm that crazy raw
That you've been begging for
Hi-ho silver, [I nills?]
I kills, I thrills I
You can feel the real my skills appeal the
Nigga, I get swifter when i swigger, Old E
My styles tight like rims on vigors, It's the
Funk Doctor spock and I'm breaking
Buy a new car and watch the Jersey nigga's take 'em

[Hook: Redman]
"How you get down?"
I get down like that
"How you get down?"
I get down like that
"How you get down?"
I get down like that
Fake motherfuckers get dropped to the mat
(x2)

[Verse 2: Redman]
You better realize, analyze, recognize that I'm
The bomb ass motherfucker that sport Timber-linds
The blacker the berry sweeter the juice, yeah true
But when I'm through they be like "Are you in there, boo?"
I'll never rock the cradle, I'm about getting paper
I'll rape ya, for ya style, make my connect fatal
Straight blows after blows, I'm constant with bomb shit
Make them nonsense emcees wonder who my moms is
The Funk Doctor Spock, better known as Reggie Noble
You wanna heat shit up but nigga I'm already smokin'
I split the back of emcees like phillies
And if he out the crap than make them go multi-milly
Total concentrations on the mic and the money
I'm the type to get blunted and roll dice on a sunday
Why don't you stick out your tongue and say "uhh"
And you'll be happy going down like J. Blige
I take tokes, of the bombazee smoke
Get your nose broke
If your slippin' like the Pocono's slopes
I rang out shots from my mouth a lot
Like a thousand Glocks, pop a thousand watts
On your housing block, Akh!
I got the weed by the stash!

[Hook: Redman]
"How you get down?"
I get down like that
"How you get down?"
I get down like that
"How you get down?"
I get down like that
Fake motherfuckers get dropped to the mat
(x2)

[Verse 3: R.O.Z]
It's R-O-Z the new kid on the scene
Flow catching more vibes than B.L.S in the magazine
I got it, locked with each release drop I be milk like pormela
Or the nine-five Shock, straight from Jersey, Newark I represent
To the fullest extent, I get bent in basements
And run shit, baby sis shoot the gift
Puff a choc and skunk mix, wylin out on this
Ain't nothing you can do, when I scream on you
We run through crews like dress rehearsal
We represent peace to niggas on [??] street, and the niggas and the bitches that flip keys

[Verse 4: Redman]
The badder the beats, the badder the badder freaks
I have to keep the weed and Rat-tat-tat-er stashed in the jeeps
And I, smoke the lye, whoever were to die
Because i never seen a man high, until he hit Red lye
Plus, my bag of vocal dust bust
All you fake Emcees want to be down with us
I'm leaving no witness
To this, physical fitness
This is for the REAL
Niggas and bitches
Hot as [???]
Made a pit stop at your penelope
Now i'm locked down for jayo felony
HAH! We knock crews off mad

[Hook: Redman]
"How you get down?"
I get down like that
"How you get down?"
I get down like that
"How you get down?"
I get down like that
Fake motherfuckers get dropped to the mat
(x2)

[Outro: Redman]
[??]With the dick up in your mouth
Def Squad hit's your ass two times
While I'm on the mic busting my rhymes
Peace to 07103 back to New Jersey back to Brooklyn (Brooklyn) All the niggas that be shooked in
Suck my dick one time, Suck my dick one time
Def Squad is in the house!
Suck my dick one time
Peace to niggas in Cleveland
Peace to all my niggas in the Chi town
Peace to all my niggas in Atlanta
Peace to all my niggas in Virginia
Peace to all my niggas up in Jersey
Peace to all my niggas in the Ill town
Peace to all my niggas up in Newark too
This is how we do [?] we run right through
Peace to Brooklyn, peace to Uptown, peace to Queens
You know what I mean back to the Bronx
Leave you stomped, that ain't no calm
Word is bond, I be romping stomping
Just like I was bumping of the funk set
Funkdocter Spock left your brain wet
Def Squad is in the house [?] dick up in yo mouth
DJ Twins Hahaha my nigga haha