Ayyy, motherfucker
Yo, Funk Doc, my man Musiq, check it out
It's the Doctor Bombay, da yellow hombre
Spotted like Kwame for smackin' a blind date for scratchin' my Hyundai
It's Doc way, don't like it, then move on
The bullshitter push a Yukon with bullhorns
Arguin', what the fuck we doin'?
Starin' eye to eye like, who the fuck we screwin'?
Here take these nickel bags and deduct your doin'
With Knicks, I can't ball so who snuck me Ewing?
No ice with no blue and, tires with no shoe and
Cribs with no boo in, pockets like I'm Jewish
Tight, I'm an Aries born in April
That means my attitude is I'm born to hate you
Now let's get it gritty
I'll doggystyle while you watching, "Sex and the City"
My palms on your tittie, I'll bomb yo' committee, if y'all midi
I treat your girl like spades and walk off with the kitty, kitty, kitty
Tell me why, when I, saw you the, other day
You spoke to me as if I was your best friend or sum'
But when today I tried to say whassup and you walked on by
You had nothin' to say to me then
Now how come when I be seein', you chillin'
All by yourself, you, always actin' like you know me
And act like you don't
When you're around someone work on my nerves
Oh, tell me what is on your mind? Tell me, what you wanna do?
Tell me, how you feel about me? So I know how to deal with you
Because, people like you really without them I can do
All you, fake frontin' motherfuckers
Sometimes, I can't even understand why you'd even
Bother to pass my way no
'Cause, dealin' with you kinda makes me wonder
Exactly where, yeah, does my time go
I can't believe the things that you be doin' for me
Knowin' in yo' heart, you don't really mean to, no
Why ya, tryin' to get over with yo' shuckin' and jivin'
When the, only person gettin' hurt is you, oh
What is on yo' mind? Tell me what you wanna do?
Tell me, how you feel about me? So I know how to deal with you
Because, people like you really without them I can do
All you, fake frontin' motherfuckers
Nah nah nah nah girl you wrong
You wrong, no no no
Almost from the door you ain't shit
I want the bracelet, the necklace, the anklet
That foot spa with the nail and toe paint kit
That half a pound I loaned your pops he ain't flip
That itch your boyfriend keeps Gaultier sniff, y'all good together
When y'all tongue kiss, y'all suckin' my wood together
Fallin' in love, I won't do it, 'cause some of these women
Their clothes look so good, but they act stupid
Next time, that you see me, walkin' down the street
Don't even bother to speak, don't even bother, no
'Cause, if it ain't genuine then ah, don't waste my time
'Cause um, I can't deal if you can't, keep it real
What is on yo' mind? Tell me, what you wanna do?
Tell me, how you feel about me? So I know how to deal with you
Because, people like you really without them I can do
All you, fake frontin' motherfuckers
All you, fake frontin' motherfuckers
All you, fake frontin' motherfuckers
Keep it real
Keep it real
Keep it real
...