[Intro]
Attention, all you niggas, all you bitches
Time to put down the Cristal, time to take off the ice for a minute
Time to throw a little mud in this motherfucker

{*barking*} Turn me up some
{*more barking} Yo
{*barking*}

[Red imitates an old woman]
Ohh shit! Who those motherfuckers coming in here?
No, it can't be! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

[Verse 1:Redman]
Yo.. yo, gimme some room I'm throwing elbows
Timberland boots, Air Force and shell-toes, who the fuck is them?
If I gotta pay to get in the club
I'mma go pop the trunk and turn the street volume up to ten
I ain't on the guest list, I ain't V.I.P
I snuck in the exit, learned to D-I-P
My dress code is all black when I'm making the moves
Similar to the new Playstation 2
I can't help it if the club only packing a G
And the fire marshal wanna shut it down in 3
And you balling ass niggas, whose dressed to kill
For the hoes showing the toes with extra heels (man!)
I gotta get in, I drove here
With a car load of bitches charged on Belvedere
My niggas hit the cells if the line is thick
So I drive the 500, through the door of the bitch

[DJ Kool]
Yo Red, wassup man?
Aye they ain't trying to let you in the club!
Yo, DJ Kool to the rescue!
We gon' break this joint down!
Ayo.. a-huh, a-huh, ahh!

[Hook: DJ Kool + Redman]
If you pumping this one in your truck (let's get dirty)
Say let's get dirty (l-let's get dirty)
If you really don't give a WHAT? (l-let's get dirty)
Say let's get dirty (l-let's get dirty)
Everybody get your hands up (l-let's get dirty)
Say let's get dirty (l-let's get dirty)
If you ain't come to party SHUT UP! (l-let's get dirty)
Say let's get dirty

[Verse 2:Redman]
Yo, security patting my legs and waist
But if I vacate the place, it'll be {*gunfire, "stay down!"*}
All my niggas in the huddle, on the count of three
We gonna bum rush the tunnel, with a pound of weed
Cut the light on, you see it's Brick City in here
Blazing like Biggie passed us a semi in here
Don't sleep, stay wide awoke
You dialed doc, not dial-a-joke
Crawl or you'll die in smoke
I keep it heated when the hawk is out
Seated low Tahoe, beat it when the dark is out
I'm outside of the line and I'm acting a fool
Like a three o'clock bully, waiting after school
(Punks!) I've been in this line for hours
I even killed the time by helping my man pass out fliers
Now all I wanna do is get in where I fit in
Shake my ass with the baddest pigeon with her wig in
JUMP, MOVE, CRASH, SMOKE, DRINK
Shake that ass stank, the fuck you think?
Poppa Bear at the table, and the porridge is pouring
Since +Def+ is the label I belong in a morgue!
I'm walking half-dead, acting senile
With bigger niggas from jail than the one on "Green Mile"
I'll huff and puff, blow the club down
I'll snuff a duck, I'm headed Uptown

[DJ Kool]
Yeah that's right! We up in this joint now
Ayo we getting ready to take over
Freddie, you grab the mic, I'mma grab the turntables
We gon' rock this joint baby! - a-huh, a-huh, ahh!

[Hook: DJ Kool + Redman]
If you got up in the club free (let's get dirty)
Say let's get dirty (let's get dirty)
And you drunk up in the V.I.P. (let's get dirty)
Say let's get dirty (let's get dirty)
If you swinging from them club lights (let's get dirty)
Say let's get dirty (let's get dirty)
And you like to start them club fights (let's get dirty)
Say let's get dirty

Everybody wave your hands now (let's get dirty)
Say let's get dirty (let's get dirty)
Everybody jump up and down (let's get dirty)
Say let's get dirty (let's get dirty)
Everybody come to wild out (let's get dirty)
Say let's get dirty (let's get dirty)
If you a big dog no doubt (let's get dirty)
Say let's get dirty

Everybody wave your hands now (let's get dirty)
Say let's get dirty (let's get dirty)
Everybody jump up and down (let's get dirty)
Say let's get dirty (let's get dirty)
Everybody keep it going now (let's get dirty)
Say let's get dirty (let's get dirty)
Just a little bit louder now (let's get dirty)
Say let's get dirty.. c'mon, c'mon!

(let's get dirty)
A-huh, a-huh, ahh-huh! (let's get dirty)
Keep it going now (let's get dirty)