Huh-huh-huh-huh
Maaan

Yo, this for all my live motherfuckers!
(Motherfuckers)
(Motherfucker)

Yo!
Huh-huh-huh-huh

What the deal muh-fucka? Chill muh-fucka
LP bangs all in your hood muh-fucka
My niggas smack niggas like Suge muh-fucka
Later on, reminisce it like wood muh-fucka
You muh-fuckers try to block a thorough muh-fucka
Hard shell chicken Taco Bell muh-fucka
Fuck you models, you too frail muh-fucka (Get outta here!)
I took a fat chick to pay the bail muh-fucka
I stay drunk and I don't drink muh-fucka
Type nigga to do it before he think muh-fucka
Bricks and Shaolin, watch us link muh-fucka
Stores'll run out of paper and ink muh-fucka
I move before your eyes can blink muh-fucka
Quick like O-Dog shot the chink muh-fucka
White girls sweat me like N'Sync muh-fucka
I get MPC's out of sync muh-fucka

I said he a muh-fucka! (C'mon!)
Yo, I said she a muh-fucka! (Huh-huh-huh-huh)
Yo, I said we the motherfuckers! (C'mon!)
Yo, I said they the motherfuckers! (Huh-huh-huh-huh)
Yo, Brick City motherfuckers! (C'mon!)
Yo, Brook-nam motherfuckers! (Huh-huh-huh-huh)
Yo, Uptown motherfuckers! (C'mon!)
Yo, Boogie Down motherfuckers!

Yo-yo, yo, back to y'all muh-fuckers wanna ball muh-fuckers
TV's all up in your car muh-fuckers
At the club tryin to buy the bar muh-fuckers
Catch you for the jewels and the star muh-fuckers
Wanna battle dawg, we can brawl muh-fucka
Little Jamal, handle the call muh-fucka
My steel raw like Bradshaw's muh-fucka
For pressure, inject Demarol muh-fucka
Golddiggers be tryin to trick muh-fuckers
Baby mommas be out to get muh-fuckers
N.Y.P.D. out to split muh-fuckers
Cuttin' your veins up for the fix muh-fucka
Bricks muh-fuckers, crazy muh-fuckers
Often unplugged, A-B-C muh-fuckers
Got toys not from Kay-Bee muh-fucka
Burnin' holes in your AV muh-fucka

I said he a muh-fucka! (C'mon!)
Yo, I said she a muh-fucka! (Huh-huh-huh-huh)
Yo, I said we the motherfuckers! (C'mon!)
Yo, I said they the motherfuckers! (Huh-huh-huh-huh)
Yo, Jersey motherfuckers! (C'mon!)
Yo, West coast motherfuckers! (Huh-huh-huh-huh)
Yo, Atlanta motherfuckers! (C'mon!)
Yo, V.A. motherfuckers! (Huh-huh-huh-huh)
Yo, I said he a muh-fucka! (C'mon!)
Yo, I said she a muh-fucka! (Huh-huh-huh-huh)
Yo, I said we the motherfuckers! (C'mon!)
Yo, I said they the motherfuckers! (Huh-huh-huh-huh)
Yo, Chi-Town motherfuckers! (C'mon!)
Yo, Detroit motherfuckers! (Huh-huh-huh-huh)
Yo, Miami motherfuckers! (C'mon!)
Yo, Canada motherfuckers, and we out! (Huh-huh-huh-huh)
Oh, yeah!

This for all my live muh-fuckers out there!
C'mon!

WKYA, Kickin' yo ass radio

This is DJ "Say Whaaa" and we'll be right back after we pay a few bills

Hey, this is a great city muh-fucka