[Intro]
Mike G: Yo I'm Mike G from the Jungle Brothers, you know I'm sayin', and Phife is the 5 Foot Fighter...
Posdnuos: Posdnuos, Plug 1 from the group De La Soul. And Phife to me in a nutshell. He's my brother...
Jarobi: I'm Jarobi White from A Tribe Called Quest
And Phife in a nutshell to me is ill lyrics...
Pete Rock: Man it's the Soul Brother #1 and Phife is my brother...
Maseo: I love Phife to death. I'd do anything for that motherfucker...

Uhm...uhm...

[Verse 1: Phife]
The undefeated, unblemished, underrated
Unfiltered, unafraid, unaffected
Undaunted, unabashed, the undeniable
Untouchable, unstoppable, unusual
Underdog, unsurpassed, unyielding
Unsupportive, fuck you and your feelings
Unrelenting, unscathed, uncontrollable
Unpleasant one, problem with me? Feelin' is mutual
Hah, and that's just me in a nutshell
Uncentered, unchanging, unbreakable
Unconscious, uncouth, unbearable
Unmerciful, unexplainable, unemotional
Uninterested when dealing with unoriginals
Unaccustomed to unproven whack flows
Unresponsive to unapproved stage shows
That's unacceptable, unexciting, lazy fucker
Phife the uncanny, uncommon rhyme spitter

[Hook]
Hah yeah, that's just me in a nutshell
Nutshell, nutshell, nutshell
Said, that's just me in a nutshell
Five Footer in a mothafuckin' nutshell

[Verse 2]
Peep the rebirth of the reborn as I rebuild
Reconnect with this rebel, redefining raw skill
I realign, readjusted, refocused
Reanalyzed what's real versus bullshit
Had to refuel, reactivate to reemerge
Reevaluate, recalculate, bitch I return
Redefine, re-energize, get reacquainted
Riddim Kidz Incorporated—Roots, we made it
Invulnerable, inviting, invincible
Inventive one, which leaves most inviable
Get involved, invest in these youths kid
Invigorate, induce that old realness
Insecure, nah, more like inhumane, it's not a game
Shut your mouth, use your inner voice, stay in your lane
Inaugurate those with incentive to innovate
Insistent that those who inspire we will initiate

[Hook]
What? And that's just me in a nutshell
Nutshell, nutshell, nutshell
Ha, Phife Dawg in a nutshell
Know you'll find us in a nutshell

[Scratches: DJ Rasta Root]
How's a...bout that
Who's that?
Five Foot Assassin...Phife
Put one up for the Phifer
(One) styles...upon styles
Give me the microphone, bwoy
It seems like it's my turn again
When's the last time you heard a Trini gladiator
Hey sucka nigga, whoever you are

[Interlude]
Rakim: You already know man, it's God Ra man. My man Phife to me in a nutshell? The streets man...
Ali Shaheed Muhammad: Ali Shaheed Muhammad. You know. Phife in a nutshell? Direct like a missile, you know...
Q-Tip: Phife Dawg means to me, top-notch, top rated ill emcee...
Redman: Yo, what's good? it's Redman in the building. Phife Dawg you my nigga, you already know... Def Squad, Wu-Tang we here. Brotha, anything you need, I'm here. One...

[A capella outro: Phife]
Peep the rebirth of the reborn as I rebuild
Reconnect with this rebel, redefining raw skill
I redefine, realign, refocused
Reanalyzed what's real versus bullshit
Had to refuel, reactivate to reemerge
Reevaluate, recalculate, bitch I return
Redefine, re-energize, get reacquainted
Read 'em kids incorporated, roots we made it