[Hook x4]
"When I come around, homeboy, watch yo nuggets"

[Verse 1: Erick Sermon]
Chill and relax, I'm back in effect
Yes, I'm Erick Sermon, with a brand new cassette
Yes, I'm spoiled, rich like topsoil
Still loyal, still the MC Grand Royal
I'm still dope, I'm still no joke
I don't care, I'm still wild like Tone Loc
I'm swift, a.k.a. a black stallion
Fat herringbone, with no medallion
Hello, I still got the same funk flow and yo
I still get busy like Arsenio
When I rock, I need all the girls with me
So I can be their baby tonight, like Whitney
Houston, producing a style that make a smile
To make you say, "Ooooohh chilllld!"
Bust the steps, the picture, frame it
Hall of fame it, hang it, so no one can claim it
I rule, brung my style from the Boondox
Now my shit pump in the boombox
Yo Red, my ears are ringin'
I can hear some girl singin'
*sings* Heyyyyy, Erick Serrrmon! Heyyyayyyy!
Uhh, rock the mic honey I love the way you sway
Plus, I crush that drive me crazy
I replied, hmm... (slow down, baby, uh)
I'm ill, smooth as Johnny Gill
Gill, my my my, I pack steel
So back off, softy, here's an ice cream cone
Put down the microphone
Thank you, right about now I'm through
I'm ghost like Casper...see you!

[Hook x4]
"When I come around, homeboy, watch yo nuggets"

[Verse 2: Redman]
Funky fresh in the flesh, the Sooperman grand slams a new twist
Scoop this, Redman is milk like two tits
I stay, freshly dipped with the nine
And a clip on my hip, money-grip, no bullshit
I tic-tac on small cracks I'm all that to fall black
My jaw snap with raps, so umm, get the balls, Jack
Flavor like Flav, plus I'm well paid
Own a maid with a blade, mack daddy of the decade
At a slow rate, I sparkle like Colgate
My dick's named Machete, I stab much ho-cake
I don't have a car, but own a pair of Reeboks
It gets me where I'm going, until my damn feet stops
On and on like a switch, bust the mix
Jammm, OOPS! I turn up the pitch
To make me boom to zoom with the tune
To make the cow jump back over the moon
It's Reggie Noble, yeahhh, I'm feelin kinda so-so
I dog you like Toto, make Rudolph nose glow
Funk out of sight with the type of hype
To make you say, umm, a 'Dyn-o-mite!'
Chiller, chiller than the Ice on Vanilla
I kill more kills than the quils from Tequila
I'm down with the green-eyed brother named Erick
Charlie, how you rate this? (Hmm, ten like Bo Derek)
I'm deeper than a valley, peace to Cool V and Sally
PMD, my man Solo, and I'm auuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuudi...

[Hook x7]
"When I come around, homeboy, watch yo nuggets"

"When I come around, homeboy, watch yo nuggets
A master of the beatdown, my style's rugged..."