[Intro: Uncle Palmwine]
Jidenna, how many times did I call you?
You are a stubborn bull, just like your father
I don’t understand you, o
Your Auntie and I warned you not to come during election season
But you would not listen
Where is my, my palm wine?
You know I like to drink palm wine. Yes....
So, all I’m saying is Jidenna, look:
The cow that is in the hurry to go to America will come back here as corned beef
Do you understand?
Shine your eye
Although we are brothers, your uncle, you know Magnus
Will be the one to make the first move on your life
As for the security guards, they were your father’s best men
They are now yours
Keep them close to you at all times
But remember:
When you are in the village, you are with your family
But your family may not be with you

[Intro Chorus]
Savage are the man and his band of thieves
So heavy is the head of he that wears the ring
But a lion don’t ever lose sleep when it come to sheep
And just like wolves on the prowl to eat
They act in wool but they speak in peace
But I can’t hide nor run from the ones who’ll come for me
Tell ‘em come for me

[Verse 1]
Bald head, red kufi, and shades
They be thinking I got oil money and slaves
I’m on the way to put my poppa in his grave
In a disguise, riding in a motorcade
And I’ve come to bury him in the jungle
It’s where we were from so a nigga stayed humble
Now don’t fumble, don’t stumble, don’t trip
Kidnappers could snatch and ambush your kids
I’m on the low I ain't tryna be a martyr
It don’t help I stand out like a foreigner
Nah I ain’t a balla
But armed robbers think I’m made of top dollars
I made a promise
When I was six and guerillas ran up on us
Taking my sis, beating the shit out of my mama
Shot ​me in the foot put a bullet through my armor
I’mma kill ‘em when I see ‘em again
So the prince got knights in all black hanging out the side doors
AKs on they back shining like swords
Pops would say “Once you’re bitten by a snake
The paranoia make you pop a lizard in the face”

[Chorus Instrumental]

[Verse 2]
The village hear the guns firing
A salute and a siren, Chief’s arriving
I walk by the choir and drummers vibin’
The parade so alive you wouldn’t think someone died
They shoutin’ “Our chief is with us”
Strangers claim they my cuz
They plottin’ to take all my land
They must forgot who the fuck dat I am
I greet my uncles with a case of gifts
From the thrift, they treat it like Saks Fifth
He greet me with a dish
I’ve weighed the risk
Paid the cater to switch plates in case it’s a hit
These muh’fuckas wanna poison my soup
I wish I could trust ‘em like the boys in blue, but uh...
In the villa, never eat what they give ya
You’re with your fam but your fam may not be wit ya

[Chorus Instrumental]

[Verse 3]
They lower him in the ground
I shovel dirt on the mound
Darkness falling, I can’t stick around
No time to grieve, one hour the flight leaves
I feel thieves and witches within the trees
Hop in a Jeep and on dirt road we speed
Someone chasing us, Hummers chasing us
A runaway train, I ain’t taking no breaks in this
Ride muthafucka! Don't take it slow! Ride mutha--
Ride muthafucka! Don't take it slow! Ride mutha--
Ride muthafucka! Don't take it slow! Ride mutha--
Ride muthafucka! Don't take it slow! Ride mutha--