[Intro: GtC]
Yo, I'm just tryna have fun with this one
Alright

[Verse: GtC]
Ay, shout out to my bakers in the U, boy
Make bread, there ain’t nothin’ else to do, boy
Old money, but I’m new, boy
Do my cool voice that’ll make your candy go “oh, boy!”
True story, she done got a butt like Newport
Fresher than a newborn, what is you on?
She a risk, but I’m too gone
Tell myself, I really gotta make this count, that’s a coupon!
Fast forward to the nightlife, chillin’
City sights, illin’, bright lights, killin’
Grabbin’ on the *uh* like I’m apple pickin’
I love ‘em like Trump, but I’m lyin’ like I’m Clinton
Bill stacks flippin’, the ladies start grippin’
If they attached to me, I’ll be dippin’
Skyy on the rocks, I’ll be sippin’, bartender tippin’
Mix it with the Mist, make your misses go missin’
Keep her company when you business trippin’
I keep the bed warm and the fireplace rippin’
I’m diggin’ your slippers, I’ma slip in
She was Suwu, then she blew, now she crippin’
I really didn’t think that she would like Gepetto
I really didn’t think she was on that level
I walked up to her at the scene like “hello!”
In 45, she was jello for the Portabello
And she don’t wear the ring when she wit me
Revvin’ up the car, I’ll be there in a jiffy
Said her name Jenny, took her out to Swifty’s
Hahaha, 'erbody at the bar gettin’ tipsy
Sickamore style like I’m Biggie
Knock her last dude out the park like I’m Griffey
Ballcap turned to the back, gettin’ jiggy
Feelin’ like a Fresh Prince walkin’ through the city, ha!
And I don’t really care, cuz, I don’t play games
All black outfit, I’m a plain jane
Just look at this style that I’ve gotta maintain
I let my chain hang, chiefin’ like bang bang
Walk up outta there straight laughin’
I’m the verb now, you the late, great has-been
I put my jeans on, man, ya’ll been slackin’
Eatin’ rap dudes up whole, playin’ Pacman
Flyer than a seagull, tryna stay peaceful
Rhymebook lethal, do it for the people
All I see’s green in my yellow submarine
Nice young boy but the flow so mean
Make ‘em go “woof”, that’s the sound that a dog makes
Take her out the dinner and I’m orderin’ the frog legs
She invite me back, like “yeah, it’s a small place.”
30 seconds through the front door, gimme all face
Baby, where you at?

[Hook: GtC]
Feelin’ so good in the AM
She wanna break fast, I was like, "yeah, fam."
Bumpin’ this verse in my brand new Lam
And she was like, holy cow, this my new jam
Feelin’ so good in the AM
She wanna break fast, I was like, "yeah, fam."
Bumpin’ this verse in my brand new Lam
And she was like, holy cow, this my new jam
Brrt!