Yea... eh
Bay area stand up... hip hop
You're looking at the future
Young wild nigga might mess around and shoot ya
Came in the game like *came for the tutors*
Bout to rearrange things... I ain't the same as you losers
I dun seen it all from guns this tall ta bodies getting dumped
Niggas slumped on the wall from crack in the sack
And them cracks in the walls to hopping out spending 50 racks in the mall
Yeaa holla at ya boy baby... I'm not like them
22 Black coupe black rim... ice grin... ice neck... ice wrist
Looking for a nice bitch
Whip cost a 100 grand the trip is priceless

I got work everywhere
Homie tell me what you need
I got people down south that'll let it go for cheap
I got people up top with a plug on the biz
I got people in the bay
Nigga tell me what it is
You ain't gotta shop around
Ha holla at ya boy... (ha) holla at ya boy... (ha) holla at ya boy
You ain't gotta shop around
Ha holla at ya boy... (ha) holla at ya boy... (ha) holla at ya boy

If he rep that bay why his swag that way?
Man the bar so fresh plus I'm cool like DRE
Yo my sound so new... like it's still in the wrapper
The rumors so true, yes I'm killin these rappers
Headed down south with a car full of clappers
Inside my trunk all white like pampers
Get it off quickly... headed back swiftly
Heard them boys on me but they'll never get me... no
Who the truth mama let them know
That I keep two nines like Gretzy tho
The young nigga with the Pesci flow
That's good fella... catch me in the hood fella... get it understood fella

Ay you want it I got it
You need it come holla
I got er'ything covered from the top to the bottom
Everything come hot from the shots to the dollars
I got my Miami niggas rockin in they impalas
I got my Atlanta niggas trappin clockin they dollas
I got my New York niggas goin hard they wildin
Even the Midwest boys hold it down they ridin
I got killaz up in Cali, ya'll don't want no problems
You ain't gotta make a move just holla at me
Mama do what you do just holla at me
He got a mouth full of jewels tell me who could it be?
Who they want, who they came to see?... It's Y B