I be sipping lemonade, fresh made with the lemons life threw in my face
I just copped me a brand new House
Feel free to put me in my place!
You're looking at me thinking rah he’s changed
These times I'm looking at you thinking the same
The games just a woman everybody's tryna rape
So if you ain't tryna buss then you never should of came
I swear just about everything’s changed
The man in '06 is not the man today
Certain man had it!
Fell right off!
Rule number ONE in the game maintain!
So know I'mma go in when it's that time, wordplay heaven Brian Lara couldn't catch mine
Ya need a likkle help with ya wack rhymes
Nigga I can be the life to ya flat lines
That's why me and certain man can’t link up, cos I be cutting off the waste, call me nip tuck
How do I come up with this shit that I think up?
I got a dick with a brain, I just think fucked!
Can’t put a price on my vision, ears don’t cost feel free to listen
Forgive me for the little bit of weed in my system
I just punch lines certain man sniff em

So tell these spitters dont step outta a line
You're looking for a deal, I'm tryna get out of mine
Feel like certain man are looking at me like it's over
So when you see my dressing room, don’t come any closer, don’t come and approach me
Knock Knock look me in the eyes you will see that I’m happier when I’m lonely
And I could smile with you but we know the deal son plus I know a fake hug when I feel one
Ayo recently I be on some spazz shit
So I don’t get offended if ya calling me a spastic
Chippy we want bars now? Cool man I got some
Whats the top 5 now?
Everybody’s got one
Everbody’s charting
Well done, round of applause
But I still ain't fucking with certain artists
Pray for number one and it comes how peak
The results everyone on your dick 1 week!
Cherish the moment it comes and it goes
Shout to Wretch 32 cah he knows
Decorating my new home its looking lavish
But come on as a rapper whats a house without a plaque in
So now I’m thinking should I fall back
X Factor once a year thats another four acts
I’m getting older man I can feel my chin hair
I’m in the real world the tortoise don’t win here
So fuck a hater! Boy I know what i’m on
They blew up the job centre on the high road where i’m from
A six figure contract is all I ever signed on, imagine if I had to sign on?
Shit!
My hoods crazy if you can't take the heat
Theres only two options buy one or leave
I know certan man are kinda pissed that I made it
Tell em quote this “haters never make it”
I flow sweet harder than a Cane still Able
Next time I chart pray its on my own label
Maybe its time I say bye bye Jive cos fuck it I been a N r’n myself for time
This is brain talk I open my mouth and shine
Pause for the kids
Applause for the Chip
The man’dem a call me I do it for the chicks
Even in my free time I be Busy getting Rich!