[Verse]
This month I heard ten songs popping, that just all sound the same
And I don't know who to blame, is it the rappers or the game?
And I gain from the rappers who just cat, I can't relate
You gon' think it's fun and games, til' I'm rappin' in your face (uh)
Nice on a song, but I stay wild
Boy, you won't see it coming, I go Ray Charles
And you're a big man where?
On your way child
Gave an inch, but he took a yard, then got 8 Mile'd
Rappers unraveled (uh)
About 'beef', that was falafel
Young Chipper, I handle my cattle
Eh boy, what you sayin', wanna play?
You take this wordplay for a game, until you gotta play me at scrabble
I don't dibble, or dabble in things I can't manage
I plan, I don't panic
One rule, never have it
Is he grime? Is he pop, bashment, hip-hop or garage?
The debate goes on, but it's apparent he a savage
I ain't watching rappers talking trapping all the time
So much weed around I, you're lucky I don't have a line
It's 10 years, straight bars, don't worry 'bout me I'm fine
Team Hov, but love Nas, all I need is one mic (uh)
Secure the bag like I'm taking trash out
Who let these rappers in?
Take the trash out
Come up off a next man?
That's a wack route
Chip ain't got bars?
Bludclart, yeah I chat 'bout
I can spot a shit MC, and a leech too
Cut him off, no more free flights, no more free food
Remind niggas, you need me, I don't need you
Fuck it man, I'd go everywhere if it was free too
Like how you talking boss-ish, but don't go in your pocket?
Gossiping, stop it, 'low it man, drop it
Sign of the cross, God, niggas got me cross
You shouldn't pillow-talk to gyal that only wanna know the boss
Because the truth gon' come out, and your time gon' run out
It goes from "you dun-know", to "look now, you're done out"
Smokin' on this 10-10, pen and make gems
Bet everyone relates to bars about fake friends
To my young niggas getting it (uh)
Watch your enemies and mains
'Cah when you're getting money niggas change
You could spend your whole life tryna' show a man the way
Look you can feed a hungry dog, but you cannot change his traits
Flexing in Miami, me Ram and Kay and Sean nigga
We them 90s babies showing Haringey there's more nigga
Yachts in the ocean, thinking Haringey's at war nigga
I put on for my niggas, what you do for yours nigga?
Brought niggas, I've bought niggas food, rented niggas rooms
Never got a penny, kept it moving
I've been looking back at life, like "was that the right moves?"
I should'a told him "write a CV", should'a sent him rightmove
'Cah trapping ain't dead, but it surely ain't for everyone
Rapping ain't dead, but it surely ain't for everyone
Chipmunk cuffin' these hoes, now they're everyones
How you claiming home-girl?
She's spreaded it for everyone
What you ain't get the memo?
It's CM, hello
Bluku-bye, man leggo
Oi, DPMO
Made it through Tottenham, don't tell me 'bout ghetto
Lobster in my noodles, came a long way from Nettos
Sometimes pen 'em down, sometimes off the dome
But you'll never catch me live spittin' reading off my phone
See the era that I come from if you did that you'd be stoned
See my niggas going global, I'm still tryna' cut the codes
But I'm nice, and I'm still here
Pray to the most high
Flow tighter than most guys
Still smokin', the most high
So fuck your spliff if it's lemon or ammi'
If it ain't grade, only pass it if it's Cali'
I know niggas can't stand me, and I can't stand them
But I don't need no damn friends, all I need's my damn pen
I'm a old school spitter, not no YouTube novice
I was leaving rappers scared to read their YouTube comments
See it in their eyes, niggas mad when they see I
Must've thought it was the end, when I came home from T.I.'s
Told my brodie on a V.O, all these niggas wanna 'V' I
Pray this mic-war, don't get me shot like B.I.G
They can't see the bigger pic, I see
Was tryna' bring back this bar stuff, got bored of that chart stuff
You know I'm team words, and I'm mad about P
So if you're Mad About Bars, you should be mad about me
Like what you mad about B?
My shades are on, mad lean
They were tryna' snap at me
Went missing, Madeleine
And they were coming from the left
And they were coming from the right
But ain't no B2K, I bada-boom, bada-bing