[Intro]
Hahaha
These niggas need holy water
Cleanse all that jealousy, all that envy
All that hating, their bodies out
Yeah!
Ayy, look, I don't want no ad-libs, Just want lib
Big up anyone who never had much
Real

[Verse]
Yeah! This month no Ace Of Spades
Cuh last month I spent more than I made
And last year I spent more than I saved
And God winning this year won't be the same
See, I'm the type to put my loved one's before myself
Cos I'll put my loyalty before my wealth
So if my full potential isn't reached
You don't blame who you think, help me back blame me
It's no rest for the wicked, All doors hold keys
Even when I sleep I'm dreaming about my dreams
I ain't preaching, I'm just tryna get right through my verses
I've been to more clubs than churches
I've been to more funerals than weddings
Hence I be married to the game til I'm deaden
Gone! Word to T.I in the V.I with some models
After-party looking like a brothel
Yeahhh!
Priorities and check (that's Chip)
It's the kid that bought a crib before a whip
Crep check, we texting what he steps on these pythons
Certain niggas would hug you to pussssht the knife in
I don't even blink, just so I can see 'em come
Cos you can get stabbed in the back from the front
And everybody wishes you well until you're well
You'll be surprised what shit comes in with income
Still I come in any city and rep mine
It's only wanting singles, I was meeting them deadlines
Mainstream calling, They want more music
Gotta fix the outlet before I let out new shit
Western Union! Pounds, Dollars (is) the symbol
If money talks we're going for bilinguals
2013, I don't care who's dropping
With your dead bars Pussy, I'mma cop you a coffin
Killer with the sentences, but I ain't going pen
My niggas doing time, the time ain't doing them
Rappers coming back from the dead, let's not pretend
I will bury you to dig you up and bury you again
Compare me to who? Let's be real nigga
See you on the other side of your deal nigga
I hear all you remaking my tune, niggas
So I ain't tripping off any one of you new niggas
Nahh! See, I be steady gettin' high
Just thinking about the shit I need to change in my life
I couldn't give a fuck about a bitch that I lost
It's praise be to God that we never lost tie (Yeah!)
I'm still a product to the ends, fam
You ever had to bury one of your friends, fam?
Over some bullshit, probably a bitch or somethin'
Hence other than D I'm giving bitches nothin'
I'm steady rollin' swishas, chillin', bunnin' with my niggas
The common thing around my round table is ambition
See me on the box, now shows got a queue
My nigga's got a box, now he started with a Q
I never lie in my verse, you know every word's true
If you hear it and feel offended? It was probably 'bout you
But if you ain't bird don't tweet me
Drop your bulls', confront me when you see me
Listening to Big Sean, it's got me on my cruel shit
I just want the money nigga minus all the bullshit
Shout outs to everybody that I went to school with
The girls and the guys and the pussies I wasn't cool with
Yeahh! You can say I do it just for all of us
Me and my niggas man! Until we're all in Audemars
Livin' fast, pray I never die slow
To all you pussy niggas hating, I'm praying you die broke
I'm On!