[Intro]
You see, really, you lost already
'Cause you said after your first tune
You weren't gonna do no more, just... psh
Beat's mad haunted, it's gonna haunt him (yeah)

[Verse]
First off, trust me
My mum's house is bait nicer than yours
The person who stuck me up
Would stick you up too if you slipped in North
You think them man should back me
But not one of them are in my crew
When it comes to spitters in North
I've been outsold by who? (Done numbers)
You could never see me at Wireless
And try do somethin' (never)
There ain't no killer in your eyes
Clive, why you bluffin'? (Why?)
I'm good in North, you ain't good in South
But for me you're cussin' (why?)
67 are on your clart
And you ain't on nuttin'
Fuck it, chuck it, bang out of order (yeah)
Draw for my mumzy, I'll draw out Paula
Trust me, my mum owns her yard
Your mum don't, don't go there, darg (don't)
You're not a gangster, you're some fraud (nah)
You don't wanna clash me, you're not hard (nah)
Where's the 44 in the four-door now, Clive? (Tell me that)
Why you dancin' on Smarts?
Think you're smart? Nah, you're not smart (nah)
You won't last, nah, you won't last (nah)
Until you buck 67, you've run out of heart
And Chip ain't run out of bars (never)
I never asked about your D
Mid-beat, she just told me (mad ting)
Crying outside her house (wasteman)
You little fucking Jabroni ('llow that, 'llow that)
Meek don't know your name at all
What's your point, you clown? (Reachin')
With that sloppy flow and delivery
You ain't making Drizzy proud
You've got lightskins taking Ls (mad)
When I shell, you're still Michelle
I get-get Shelly-Ann as well (yeah)
If you're in PD, it's PDL (boom)
You hoe, are you getting paid
To say other MCs' names?
South kid bredding north man
North side to the end, behave
I can't let you feel like
That MC you feel like
Cuh that one you feel like
Comes from my side
Here we put MCs in graves
You little fuckboy, what have you done? (Mad, mad)
Can't chat to me about Tottenham
I reasoned with Lukey's mum
Spirits inside of me, no joke
Run out of heart, now you need hope
I'm not the one you wan' provoke (ayy)
TOWIE livin', can't be broke (never)
Young boy could never outverse me (nah)
Fuck your Merc, you can't murk me (nah)
Soon try bashment just like me
But you can't be my son, can't clash like me (dickhead)
Nara, holla me
And come and tell the world what he put you through
Stop bullying girls, you pussy
Gonna run out of bars
Can't shush me
Clive, just might run out of bars
Chip don't run out of bars (nah)
You wan' fi diss me but won't diss 67
Run out of heart, tart (part-time badboy)
I'll mute him (ayy)
Not a real nigga, he diluted (ayy)
Half roadman, half stupid (ayy)
Just for views, you wanna do this (why?)

[Outro]
Nah, man gotta pree it though, like that had to be his bredrin at the video shoot, and man took the Margielas back out the bin
Bait going to wear them again, bait
Oi Link Up, you think you're funny, yeah?
Oi, "Oopsy Daisy", that's my banger
That video's getting taken down
Or you owe me Ps, bruh
Cuh we ain't friends, you can't be sampling my shit
Disrespecting my pop tunes when you're whoring out for the biggest pop ass, bitch ass punk
Cash Motto