Verse 1
Calvitron) Aw, come on not these guys again
Chip) Oh hey, its Jonah here, how you doing
Hey we were just talking about you
Come over here man what it do
Calvitron) hey sup guys, how's life been going
Yo, I got my skills up, wanna start flowing?
Alyx Heater) Right now we have more important stuff to do
You know about the deal that we did with you?
Calvitron) oh, yeah man I remember that mate
Sorry but I'm in a rush right now can't be late
Chip) now hold up right there, you're not going nowhere
You and I both know why we're really here
We need some dough to keep the business working
And if you fail on this one its gonna be hurting
Now you better have come through with the money
Calvitron) um, about that, I don't have the money on me

Chorus
Boi give me the money
Boi quit acting funny
You know we gotta get the money
Aye aye aye aye

Verse 2
Chip) what do you mean “I don't have the money on me”
When we did the deal you said that you would pay
You’re just trying to get yourself out of the deal
And we don’t look fondly on those who steal
Now where do you have the money on you
Calvitron) I left it at my house, hidden under a shoe
But there’s a million different things I need to do right now
I would love to hang, but I can’t stick around
Alyx Heater) where do you think you’re going get back here right now!
We got crap to do, stop messing around
Chip) now what you’re gonna do is bring us to your house
Find the hidden money and take it out
Then go back outside so we can do proper business
And you know what’s gonna happen if you try to trick us
So looks like we have got ourselves a deal
Now come and show us where you live around here

Chorus

Calvitron) Okay, we're here now. just let me get into here and... wait, whys it off? Oh shhh, Oh crap did somebody break in? Crap, I gotta see if its... is it still in there? Ugg. Aww, crap it's not in there!

Alyx Heater) So, umm, where's the money exactly

Calvitron) uh, so, someone robbed my house, so it's not there anymore

Alyx Heater) Yeah right, I bet you're just trying to get out of the deal. Boys, get em!

Chorus

{Skit}
Dad: This is awful! Why is this even a children’s book!

Kid: What do you mean?

Dad: These are not stories people should be reading to children! It’s teaching children to hang around the bad people, and to do shady things with those people! This book is awful!

Kid: I want to know what happens in the story though

Dad: No, I'm not going to read this book anymore! I don't agree with this book and I don't want my child to be hearing it either

Kid: I will do all my jobs for the week if you read all of this book

Dad: Ugh... When they found out that he was robbed and didn’t have the money, they became very angry. So angry that they wanted to hurt him. They went to get him so he started to run away