[Intro: Chip]
Ay' yo Parks
I ain't eaten yet
I wanna feel hungry when I touch mic
Get me, Yo

[Verse: Chip]
Grab the pen and start here
Like you don't wanna start here
Heaven-sent, hella bars here
North side, yeah the boy really from the ends
Been snake, got wounds in my back from last year
And the year before, back up in the game, I've been here before
So now it's air when I hear the talk
Cuh dem man are tryna drain me, dead ting
Fuck that, I'm tryna hit a spar with a peng ting
Chess move thinking, can't be the victim
There's a couple rappers over here who get the links in
Shoutouts Frenchy, he brought Chinx in
Rappers dying in the wrong cities got me thinking
No love in the hood but it's back to wearing trackies
Back to wearing Kappa, that's back to back magic
Gassed youts listening to gassed rappers gassing
Just relate to him or fuck off, he ain't better rapping
Bare man are preeing Chippy, it's dead
I've still got bites on my hands from couple niggas I fed
This that going off the rails flow
Next time I'm putting crack under my nails, bro, fuck off, go to hell, bro
I've got this on my lonesomes
Need a flow? I can loan one
Boy, I only loan out old ones
Still got a king, I own one, Game of Thrones, son
Dargy, I ain't Arya, I ain't tryna turn to no one
It's like they wan' take Chip out soon, ooh
Shit, I better pull a hit out soon, ooh
YouTube with Jerome and Starv too
Chip, you've got another diss out, rarse, who?
Sneak diss? Mh-mh, No sly shit
Opportunists, I hear that, man try shit
I'll mutate, haffi X-Men with this rhyme shit
Storm with the pen, I come through and change the climate
Mind out the mud now, watch how I clean up
Worth what I made, I feel proud to be clean, cuz
Why stick to one sound? Spread your appeal, nuh
Clean every day, me wake up, still a wheel up
Meds'ing in cans, just, praying for my brother in the can
Fuck pen, I'm getting closer to my pad
I've got everybody asking "Luigi, what's Mario done?"
I don't even wanna say, blud, it's mad
Entertainment? Nah, this is real life, yes
Fuck the internet, blud, I've got real life stress
I be tryna help my fam through some real life mess
Being smart kinda took me through some real life tests
Like my darg said "sample this new cheddar"
I said "darg, trap today, not forever"
"Do you think outside that box you shot ever?"
Man can't box me in, I box clever
Stress in any aspect, I don't need it
Press F5 on them hoes, refresh
Old ting tryna claim man, idiot
I beat it but Billie Jean-ed it, I didn't mean it
Hit by a smooth criminal, yeah, I'm that dude
Me, fight for which gyal? I ain't that dude
Fuck off out my life, you should be glad to
Really, if I lost you, I never had you

[Bridge: Parker Ighile]
She like "why you always smoking ganja?"
I smoke and I smoke to forget ya, baby
Used to see it in your eyes
I can see the stars right now
I can see the stars right now
Can she see the stars right now?
Yeah, she can see the stars right now
I can see the stars right now
I can see the stars right now
Can you see the stars right now?
She can see the stars right now
I can see the stars right now
I can see the stars right now
Can she see the stars right now?
Yeah, she can see the stars right now
I can see the stars right now
I can see the stars right now
Can you see the stars right now?
She can see the stars right now