Society’s Way EP LYRICS

Astrological Progression (Prelude)
Institutionalization? more like mental constipation
Where there feed you battery acid and you lose all your elation
When you become more aware, and you’re really on a tear,
You got the world figured out and the pretty women stare,
and you’re pulling out your hair cuz you wish you didn’t care.
Honestly, it’s eating at you inside.
You tell yourself a lie, but the truth always collides.
Disregard the effects it has on your pride.
We’ll get through this together- rain, sleet, snow, whatever weather.
They might be stingin’ like a bee, but we’re floatin’ like a feather.
If these walls could talk, they’d tell you never quit.
You need to make your mark before you’re shoveled in a pit.
Be progressive regardless of your notoriety,
Any social status can have an impact on the structure of society.
I live everyday as if it’s my last,
cuz nothing really matters if we’re light beings with mass.

Potential ft. Matt Roach
Here’s a story about a boy who’s life is pretty crappy
He’s not materialistic and his hair is kinda nappy
Ima tell you how he turned his life around in order to be happy
Have you ever been creative enough to find your truest passions?
I’m not talkin 'bout dedication cuz his chances came in rations
Practice makes perfect, but perfection is overrated
Practice all you can, but then the thrill is over, ain’t it?
When you obsess over a hobby, it can turn into a chore
That’s why his rations came with passion cuz he did what he adored
He cherishes every second as if it was his last
He lived with no regrets and now he embellishes the past
Retrospectively, he could’ve done it better
but there’s not a shot in hell that he could’ve got her wetter
She gave him motivation, now he’s fueled by innovation
and now every waking second is a grateful sensation
He weaved through the obstacles and overcame his fear
One must understand that they don’t listen, they just hear
So he camouflaged his aura and blended with the norm
If you take me by the hand, then we can take the world by storm
Here’s a story about a boy who’s life is pretty crappy
He’s not materialistic and his hair is kinda nappy
Ima tell you how he turned his life around in order to be happy
He doesn’t focus on the detriments of society
The beauty of this generation is our hatred of propriety
If our rebellious personalities infected just one witness
We can resist whatever the media portrays as fitness
The trait that must go viral is our dissipating introspect
It’s the psychological qualities that we have to protect
Hold on to creativity, day dream, and let your mind wander!
If you ever lose those skills, our generation will be squandered.
This boy was once depressed as a result of simple pessimism
but he turned his life around with an immortal sight of optimism
If he touches just one soul, then his impact is exponential,
So he’s kickin back and chillin cuz he knows he has potential

Disconnection
The decibels are low and my pace is slow
Look into my eye and your soul will glow
I have this power that i haven’t yet tamed
You’re a coward like courage yet less cool than a lame
People stereotype to indicate pred and prey
The real predators are those who eat bread and pray
How could you be the perfect person, yet go to hell for being gay?
Religion is phucked up, what more can i say?
Ignore the past and disregard any underestimation
Your flame will not die out until your final destination
So funnel out your peers with a sense of extermination
And the outcome will provide you with an immense feeling of elation
My best friend is getting high off that lucy lee,
I miss the days when he’d elaborate a conspiracy
There’s something about that depressive flow,
Have you heard metaphysics by that dude milo?
His songs are pretty real, but he’s no Cudi imposter
Scott’s the starting pitcher, you’re not even on the roster
Despite your decent rhymes, you still have my respect
I’d love to sit and chat or drop you a text
I can’t promise you a follow because i don’t care what people think
If you don’t disconnect your status will sink
There’s so much hidden beauty within this world of ours
So why are the deepest thoughts hidden within the walls of a shower?
You don’t have to go super saiyan to obtain this power
I know you have potential so don’t be a coward
Open up your mind you should forget what you know
Activate your third eye and you won’t feel so low
What if i told you i understood hieroglyphics?
I needed to learn something more complex than metaphysics
If E.T. could do it, i’m sure i’ll find my home
A place to meditate, and blaze one to the dome

Suture
I’m an unspecified lifeform molded to perfection
A greater power’s intention concealed by natural selection
I don’t have an outlet for my creative personality
So please do not judge the nature of my duality
Sometimes it feels life is worth as much as earth’s crust
What if we’re beings of light, molded by stardust?
All you closed-minded people are better off prayin,
With an ignorant mindset you’ll never know what I’m sayin.
If you hate Childish Gambino, then you’re mentally sick
Donald is the great bambino of modern music
One does not simply like every genre
If that’s the case, she wants the anaconda
Don’t give her the snake if she got a pungent aroma
I’d rather come out the closet than end up in a coma
All jokes aside, thank G-d i have a future
I used to praise Jah, but now writing is my suture
If it wasn’t for my vinyls then i’d probably go insane
I need a release from the voices running through my brain
Sometimes i ask myself if i even have a purpose,
So i’d like to make an impact before i end up in a furnace
Am i the only one who remembers my inner child?
The one who’d never to drugs, now he’s smoking a mild
I haven’t really minded my choice of sobriety
It kinda feels like a middle finger to the structure of society

Interlude ft. Katie Strang
I put you through so much and you were still there for me
I can’t express my emotions but still you have to see
Nothing i say or do can represent the way i feel
I gave you the boot, but you returned it with a heel
I’m not making music to acquire any fame
I think i found my passion i belong in this game
I made a deal with the devil with hopes you’d stay away
I thought my life was in control when you finally strayed
Sympathy's my inspiration so i’m aesthetic with these rhymes
Countless conflicts prevent reminiscence of good times
I never intended to cause you any pain,
I stomped on your heart and locked it out in the rain

Katie:
All these years i blamed you for the past
but, I’m older now
I feel it in my bones
I feel it in my bones
All these years i blamed you for the past
Can we just move on?
I feel it in my heart
I feel it in my heart

Tears filled up your eyes so I tried to alleviate your strife,
But that was the biggest joint you’ve ever seen in your life
When you met me at the station, I knew I’d only get a fine
If i never stressed you out, you might not need that glass of wine
When you put me on those meds, I knew that it was best
You understood my pain and put my passenger to rest
I’m no longer haunted by my thoughts and my life is in control
I promise to slay your demons and help you climb out that hole
Despite my misconceptions of charlatan and materialism,
You still managed to be there for me with an aura of altruism.

Institutionalization ft. Backfeed by Matt Roach
I’ll do my best to stay on topic but it’s likely that i’ll stray
Cudi told me to keep it simple, so i’ll ignore the wordplay
Why manipulate the language if your hits are subliminal?
Why give you my best if you portray me as a criminal?
If you saw me at my worst, you wouldn’t look at me the same
I have my angst in control, see, life is kinda like a game
I’m just tryna function within the structure of this population
When i get my PhD i’ll build a fortification
If i said something stupid in this minuscule creation
Blame it on the distribution of antipsychotic medication.
I was institutionalized over a miscommunication;
Being put into an asylum destroyed my dreams of californication
I’m starting to feel this strange the of connection
You showed me the path and now i have direction
Your beauty goes beyond your perfect complexion
My emotions were dead, you spurred a resurrection.
How can i describe a crush sparked in a psych ward?
Feels like oxytocin from a bass guitar’s E-chord
We talked all day on Facebook, but hardly in person
I know we’re introverted, but love deserves exertion
(I know its hard but the meds only effect the soma,
I wanna get to know you, not just your internet persona) x2
Final destination at 3 weeks old,
Surgery saved my life, but my soul was sold
Rumplestiltskin cuz everything i touch turns to gold
Not sure i have a purpose with a heart this cold
Despite the obstacles i’ll overcome it ten-fold
A failed attempt to hypnotize opened up a new perspective for my 3 eyes

White Noise
You don’t know what’s hiding behind this fake smile
Fuck the institute, I’d rather run a mile
Forget about hygiene, maintaining your sanity is essential
What goes on within those walls is strictly confidential
They tried to tear us down, but we were able to stick together
They might be stingin’ like a bee, but we’re floatin’ like a feather
I managed to escape the mental penitentiary
Although I’m happy to be free, i still fight PTSD
Introspective outlook has me lookin' out to sea,
Hopin’ what i see can bring some positivity
Live life by morals, don’t forget to say grace -
Xombie routines hijack your soul without a trace
That’s what happens when your steal is stainless
You don’t pick up what i put down, so these words are painless
i changed my name cuz the real me is nameless
but i held on to the J cuz i’m kinda like Janus
i open up doors cuz you’re an ignoramus…
sorry about that - I didn’t mean to be heinous
You see, I’m an immature philosophical contemplator,
But it might just be the ganja, yo, pass the nadir
*Lighter clicks twice, clears nadir*
Big boy had me zoned at the age of 15
I was under arrest but the drug test was clean
Society’s way portrays me as a stupid stoner teen
Being a stoner isn’t as bad as it seems
Walking down the halls in my baggy ass sweats,
Cocky high schoolers, more like blow fish with threats
My inner thoughts are shaking like soda in a cup
I don't wanna be a bother but the bottles filling up
I'm all outta weed so i might blow it on some booze
I need a mental vacation, i can’t even fill my shoes
Usually my thoughts are more rapid at 4 in the morning
When it rains it pours, this is my foresighted warning
They obsess over shoes, and they judge me cuz I’m baked?
Go outside and find a hobby for goodness sake
If you talk to me again i’ll throw your body in a lake
I’ll flip the world upside-down and start an earthquake
That way your girl can find the body and i can phuck her at the wake
Bukkake on her ass, the icing on the butt-cake
If your side chick interferes, i’ll just phuck her with a rake
This never would’ve happened if you weren’t phucking fake
If it wasn’t for some friends, my life would complacent
Tj, Matt^2, Angel, Phil, Pat, Ben, and Mason
{sQuag}

Cataclysm
4 a.m.
Another night in bed, with racing thoughts of murder
I wonder if my little brother is still taking Conserta
Is it my parent’s fault we’re not mainstreamed psychologically?
I hope their hatred doesn’t influence his bibliography
I’m trapped in this dorm so i can’t help him develop
I’m worried that this generation will fail to breed a zealot
His intelligence is mistaken as a disorder, the likely situation
Feeding 6 year olds medications instead of teaching them patience.
My psychopathic tendencies are fueled by human greed
Why are you giving my family meds that they don’t even need?
When hippies stress the phuck out of course we smoke some weed
Once i manipulate the system my soul’ll be freed
I’ll take ‘em out like a silent assassin the FDA will never heed
Never rely on future generations to water your aspiration seed.
If you want something done right, don’t seek anyone’s assistance
become a ghost, mind your manners, and they’ll ignore your existence
If i manage to stay chill, i’ll take the throne with indubitable subsistence
Despite my murderous intentions, my focus is coexistence,
Because we can’t pursue the rebellion with passive resistance

Persistence
My heart is in a state of accretion
Yet your love for me resembles anal secretion
Please ignore my many imperfections and
Disregard my mother’s consistent rejection
If you’ve battled with this illness which they call depression
Then you probably see the world form an existential perspective
I can tell you that you’re deep or i can claim you’re introspective,
But in reality you’re just a lonely kid with no incentive
I don’t have much things to say right now,
So focus on the beat, not how i sound.
One thing i can tell you is to search for a passion
Because you’ll find something you love that gives you satisfaction
So get off of Minecraft and delete your faction or disconnect from The mainstream and forget about fashion
Is it possible that we’re all a bunch of lost souls searching for our Niche in a world of dreaded ghouls?
The retrospective thinker will eventually find his way, even if that Means discovering that he’s gay.
I don’t need many things to keep me afloat
I’m a simple monkey monk with a tee like a goat
I spent all my money on a week’s worth of kush
I got trouble on my mind, but no bud left to push
["dildos" pans left to right]
Time to focus on school and shave the hair off my tush
As time goes on this dorm feels like confinement,
Retrospectively, i’m not close to enlightenment
All these years have been mistaken as my prime
My future is bright, so i’ll kick back and give it time
The undermining struggle will always be existent,
I kick my demons down, but there returns will be existent.

Astronomical Recession ft. Backfeed by Matt Roach (Postlude)
I’m laying on a table of examination
I’m in another dimension with no explanation
A white Bean looks at me and questions my consciousness
I’m still aware, despite my state of post-electrolysis
He claims, “You know exactly what we want you to do”
I respond, “Let me go, I’m not gonna listen to you”
My head tilts as my eyes pierce his soul
I’m not possessed, just the world’s biggest troll
They believe I overdosed on methamphetamine
They tested my blood, only to find I was clean
I’m not insane, but out-saned the structure that’s set upon our shoulders
I told myself, “It isn’t real” and now I’m crushing every boulder
He punches the glass to assert his domination
He doesn’t know his anger gives me a sense of elation
He’s leaving…
“Come back! Wait! What is it that you want me to do?”
“Oh, you don’t know? You gotta stop the riot”
My soul was screaming “never”, but i told him I’d try it.
As he walked away, I asked him for the date
His head spun like an owl, “Now’s not the time to conversate”
Something about it didn’t seem right
It felt too real
It was too clear for my third eye sight
But i had to conceal the truth
“The truth”
I knew the truth, but I needed confirmation
I knew i wasn’t actually in my room with my homeboy Mason
When he said it was September of 2013, I paced in a disorganized formation
My eyesight began to blur, as my brain pulsed with contemplation
My heart was racing as i questioned my final destination
I’m not gonna stop the riot, this rebellion has to sweep the nation
It made sense astrologically, in a time-space representation
After I got out of my pod there was intensive frustration
The fire alarm was ringing in a monotone isolation
I returned to what i believed to be my dimension of creation
I fucked up
"I fucked up"
"You fucked up"

Writer’s Block (Bonus Track)

Abc, it's as simple as one, two, three.
When you master the art your heart fills with glee.
If you’re having any trouble it won’t hurt to smoke some tree
Cuz when your flowing like water your mind is set free
Lately I’ve been feeling extremely overwhelmed
So don’t judge my lyrics cuz they’re feeling compelled
I have so much shit I need to get off my chest
I don’t know where to start, my mind is like a pest
I’ve been feelin so lost and, oh, so lonely
I'd like to meet a girl who wants to get to know me
I thought i'd meet someone in my first year of college,
Instead i focused on myself, and increased my knowledge
While you’re out getting drunk, hooking up with a random
I’ve been recording in the lab, finding the recipe for a fandom
I was in a dedicated pursuit to complete my tandem
My roommates a producer so i presented my memorandum
I told him i had some lyrics written down for a song
He said lets record it, where can we go wrong?
You have a gangsta flow, and nothin to lose.
I found a creative outlet, now my self i have to prove
So if you haven’t felt my flow, but you’re feeling the groove
Ignore my lame ass lyrics, but just know i disapprove
If you know where you’re from, you’ll find out where you going
You should focus on the present, cuz the future’s unknowing
Regardless of your paddle, it's the boat that you’re rowing
So get back on the saddle, cuz your flow is easygoing
Is there room in this society for a stoner doctor wearing sweats?
I might be flowing down the stream, but i need a life vest
I'm gonna do my best not to drown on this quest
I might just be a guest, but I’m better than the rest
It's easy to be obscured by assumed standards of fashion
It doesn’t matter what you look like if you think you found your passion
It's time to grow up if you're still cigarette ashin’.
I’m the least squares regression, you're just basic subtraction.