C'mon
Xzibit
Yeah
Aaa
J-Ro

[Verse 1: Xzibit]
It's that millenium ridiculous flow, I never let go
Niggas getting knocked out is part of my show
Let them know who they fuckin with yo, a rhyme wrangler
Tri-angular push-up the hillside strangler
Dangle a, nigga by the ankle off the balcony
Now let his punk ass go, look out below (BELOWWWW)
It's a tale of two cities, come out when the sun go down
We officially not fucking around
Stuck in the ground, fitted with a suit in a pine box
With my fresh pressed khakis in a slingshot
So heatbox all day in a nigga face
And all you bitches see the dick that you shoulda ate

[Hook: Xzibit]
Call it what you wanna call it
I'm a fucking Alkaholik
Bring it if you really want it
Ain't gotta put no extras on it!

[Erick Sermon]
Yo, I'm in the zone, and lyrically gone
Got the spot blown, BOOM! Oklahoma
Watch the aroma, catch those who love me
My underground dirty cats on dune buggies
I be the type to take your watch and flaunt it
Kidnap T. Lewis and Jimmy Jam on it
Yo, I bang a nigga head til his neck pop
Do a KRS-One to a "Black Cop"
X and E's, out for the cream
Get the money, while you stay broker than Al Bundy
Uhh, give it to y'all, in "Any Given Sunday"
With J. Foxx name the spot, make it hot
(I hate E so much right now!)
Blow it down hooker bounce, come off the ropes like J. Snuka
(X: Two fly motherfuckers) You can't fuck with it
Backed by Open Bar, so y'all forget it

[Hook: Xzibit]
Call it what you wanna call it
I'm a fucking Alkaholik
Bring it if you really want it
Ain't gotta put no extras on it!

[J-Ro]
J-McEnroe, cam smashing, party crashing
I eat MC's like a ration
I'm socking niggas in their goatees
I leave you stiffer than that fool on my basketball trophies
I'm in the room with 10 G's, counting ten G's
Cause we need a bag of weed (can you smell weed?)
Now we need ten dimes, to blow on deez like wind chimes
Time to close the blinds cause you all in mines
I bought a bottle for the session, and did not share it
Drink so much Captain Mo' all I need is a parrot
You took the Alkaholik challenge, and lost your balance
You underground, we under water drinking liquid by the gallons

[Tash]
Slurred words, double vision, brain busting, head rushing
Since I'm too drunk to walk, I rock a party on crutches
And still rush the roughest MC who wanna get it
Forget it, it's Likwit, Tha Liks and, Xzibit
Ca-Tash on the blast the final piece to the puzzle
I slap bitches on the ass I slap tits up out the muzzle
I shuffle with the microphone, bang rhymes consistent
You wack and I'm Ca-Tash and that's the motherfucking difference
For instance, "21 and Over" set your clocks back (Tick tock tick tock)
Still standing where the rocks at
Two-thousand-one, we still young guns that's Restless
(Thirty niggas, sixty hoes) and that's the motherfucking guest list!

[Hook: Xzibit]
Call it what you wanna call it
I'm a fucking Alkaholik
Bring it if you really want it
Ain't gotta put no extras on it!