Head or gut where you want it head or gut. Pah! Pah! x3  I ask you where you want it where you want it head or gut?

As I cold wreck shit. Chalk is running bout the label thats the clip? an load up in the nine money grip

So if you really wanna flow sucker come prepared I got a new tool it go baboom now your outa here. I may be young but im quick to smoke a sucka
You wanna play me well your playing poker with the joker. Ain't commercial strictly hard what you want none I pop your bod and then I ask ya head or gut. Im 14 with the wisdom on my back duke breakina down the basement partys all the way to the roof. And dont mistake me for a punk an do you lunch money got meduced and a high c punched. What you want mr trippa? how the heck you figure with your super wack style that you could play me sucka to piss me off G what gave you the audacity to try to even run me leave to rest Chi-Ali


Head or gut where you want it head or gutI ask you where you want it where you want it head or gut? Repeated multiple times



Where you want it head or gut? its best to keep your mouth shut I turn your body over and put it in your fucking butt
Yeah im here and im ready to attack. Mess around and get five and a half up in that asscrack. And its just about the right size to rupture your knot till you tinga ling mad fries you didn't know that we was coming its illegal. Surprise! you got a little thing but you ain't hitting no cuts because its going around you can't even bust a nut better yet a grape its best to go for nigga? Total chaos total hardcore strictly for making papes and now that im here the moves are catching the vapes plus that ain't no thing I just give em what they want. But for them jeolous little niggas I give them head or gut

Head or gut  Repeated multiple times

Cos your girl suck a holla wanna take it to your figure that I dont really care if ya dig her. I might be short of styles but im large on skills
You wanna step knucle up put up your shield you better know the sound so with your muscle inside my hustle im ready yo go go my knuckle bruise just like a belt buckle. Holograth let me kick butt fast im droppin suckas in first and then i rip that booty last im like a little urban savage running trecherous a little sucka tryna step I put his head to rest but if he step the I bruise em all check the rhyme im not lazy step the M.a double ll ik you pushing daisys. Check the gear that I wear the trends that I be setting I rizzle rizzle wreck? and now your part is death so where you want it?

Head or gut where you want it head or gut multiple times

Official came to wreck shop an m shop is getting wrecked so my check an all of that an flick em in your back I come correct because its going to be a disaster you best to watch out for these black little bastards lingo line huh ola oh lingo I got the fever for the flavour of a G girl lend baby up should I say skins maybe Im not a brady but im taking them all by the bunch knocking mcs out the box with a tyson punch watch yourself better yet the embrace I move like popcorn now so pop right out of my face you dont believe me ask my man I dont stroll I strut I buckup up popoopopopp

Head or gut chorus repeated

[Jamal imitates Scarface as the song ends]