[Talib Kweli] What up Pharoahe?
[Pharoahe Monch] -What up Talib? What's the deal, what we doin'? UK style-
[Talib Kweli] I heard you got some rhymes...
[Pharoahe Monch] -Yeah yeah, check me out now, Pharoahe Monch, Queens representin' one time, Brooklyn in da house
[Talib Kweli] That's how we do it, how we do it, how we do it... (like music~)

[Verse 1: Pharoahe]
You see them gorillas over there in the park? -They my niggas, after dark we spark up and pull triggers
You gotta talk Urang Utan slang and pull capers, the cops are the cheetahz in the trees or the sky scrapers
Speakin' of jungle we often rumble for loot, some of us just stumble around, Hi to boo - Pfsshoo
You'll get shot, shit, play humble like last year when a white man tried to capture my uncle
When you come through you can get bumped too if you don't got at least four-five gorillas amongst you
The bigotry here will shock and amaze, .41 shot is hot, about and ablaze
If not, they ship your ass to the Bronx in a cage, and to the Island when you spend your time countin' the days
But still acting vulture-ly, this kinda ill, we blow mills, they make a killin' and build new landz in the jungle

[Verse 2: Talib]
Yo, one time in tha place to be, the illest niggas you'll hear on the BBC
A lot of cats like to get on the microphone and front, steady rollin' the paper like they ran outta blunts
Tell you how much they sound scared of the month
The man tells you to jump, you threw it - we'll never let the man take advantage of us
You get props off the diamonds you rented, I get my props for the rhymes I invented, cause I spoke my mind and I meant it
Like Tae Bo with a bowtie, kick yo' ass with class, and I still take it to Brooklyn when I'm ready to splash
Me and Hi-Tek got shit ready to blast, I'm never ready to last, I stay hungry like I'm ready to fast
Married to the movement like a Betty (Shabazz?)
A rhyme veteran, you actin' a real bitch right now, like a... lesbian thesbian
So let me in the pack, I've been dropping jewels, plugged in like pasta noodles, and stayin' fresh and clean like hospitals
In the world of Chris Poppins, big wallet to wrist watchin'
You ever think your wrist watch is watching you? -That's why the cops is stoppin' you?
Nigga please, they can track you anywhere, through cell phones transmitting radiation through your ear
A two way is way too new and obsolete next year, navigational system shows you how to get there
If you ain't thinkin' 'bout how you got here then do you know where you are?
What happened today, well back in the day they used to follow the stars
I distilled it so much you need to catch it in bottles and jars and make emcees eat their words and swollow their bars
Oh my god...

[Verse 3: Last Emperor]
Yeah yeah y'all, Last Emp y'all, check it out y'all, bust it-
Yo, Last Emp is in da house, now don't y'all go trippin'
I break rappers up like Tom Cruise - Nicole Kidman, hijack a Concorde jet full of gold shipments
Animalistic rapper that is known for throat rippin'
A lot of people know me as the Great Pretender, a college graduate and a gang member
But ever since then I been tryin' to convince y'all that I'm just a robot that was built by Prince Paul
You know you heard the voice before somewhere, and when I said I was the Emp, you said "Oh, yeah!"
"That brother who dissed the CIA with Kris, so he's nice!"
Ow yeah, y'all know what time it is
What it is? I got a style that's mentally powerdriven, a symbol of these interesting times that we live in
Now listen close, as the best explanation is given, while parents enjoyin' them lyrics I be kickin' to the children:
I'm raw hardcore but easy on the violence, the perfect combination of sorcery and science
Uh, you know another rapper, tell him not to try it, and look at me as this 21st century tyrant
Who controls the mic like helicopter pilot, a man on small knees with the power to drop a giant
With fans of all ages; "Children, run out to buy it! Batteries not included, some assembly required"

Like that y'all, it's like that y'all
Ayo, Westwood drop it, and keep it animated just like Wallace and Grommit
Like that y'all, it's like that y'all, it's like that-at-at-that, ayo we can't fall, Rawkus y'all



[2nd Take]

(Last Emp and Pharoahe can't stop laughing)

[Talib Kweli] Okay, here we go, I need the headphones man...
What up Pharoahe?
[Pharoahe] -You got it Talib, do your thing
[Talib Kweli] Alright... Yo-yo-yo-yo-yo, I needa come up wit' some new rhymes, aight let's do this one... (laughs)

[Verse 4: Talib Kweli]
I don't know what to say so I'mma freestyle, I let my cats get busy in the meanwhile
I got my man Chaps, he represent the Shark Body, we come to Jam In The Park and we rock the whole party
I got my girl singing background
Yo, if you got my album you gotta put it back down on the turntable
Ayo, I burn... stable nigga, ayo I come through, you just like fable niggas
(Aesop?), Ayo peep the way that I rock, I come through like Long Island on a (???)
Ayo I come though like Long Island with the (???), ayo you know how I do it when I drop
Like a bomb, like Flexican Westwood, y' know it's all good, we all from the hood
Like we do it, yo I ain't... checkin' for you nerds, yo I'm dark like cigar reserve
Yo the way I drop my bars, all the cars don't swerve
Goin' the wrong way, I go... long way... from the express way... My way...
I'm just buggin', y'all like my cousin or my fam
Give me a slap on the black hand side, come through yo, hop back in the ride
Take it back to Brooklyn, the Melting Pot was cookin', you could tell it was hot when they overcrowded Central Booking
Everytime you lookin', cats took it for they jewelery, African-Asian-Jewish communities
Yo, lyrics so deep that it reads like a eulogy, yo you die - don't ever get confusing me
Ayo, this is how we do it, ancient like (Truarts?) when we flowin' like fluid
Yo, we rockin' over the beat as Erick's on the music
Yo, we come through, it's the truest, yo we on...
Yo... I'm just buggin', yo I said that three times but I got three rhymes, it's like I got three minds the way I come with ill lines
Ayo, my man Pharoahe is one of a kind
Last Emp, he from Philly in the 2-1-5
I'm from the 7-18, and I keeps it live
On radio 1, I only just begun like Jimmy Castor, catch me in The Village chillin' on Astor, yo, it goes like Casper, after the rhyme...