[Intro]
Hey...
I'm just trying to hold on, a nigga simply trying to hold on...
I'm just trying to hold on...
Lord....
Hold on....

[Verse]
Caught in the middle of a spiritual actual battle that's going on now
Lyrical 44's on one side RPG's on the other now

Got me feeling, as if I be he who be losing
As my spiritual synergy with G-o-d keep on oozing

Having me feeling that I'm lacking actual capacity to be fighting
Got me thinking in my mind maybe I should just be dying

Maybe suicide is the only way to escape it
I ain't quite sure what's going on but I know I need help of the greater

If you real, which I know you be, you need to help me
Cause I'm feeling as if maybe even I be he who be deemed helpless

Not trying to be selfish, but simply I want to grow
And it's other folks on the line I'm talking the sense of the spirit and soul

I want 'em to grow, but how can they grow if I never show
How can they even know the truth if no one ever kick it in a flow

Spitting it vivid yo, kickin' it so, lyrical
Lord you already know, what's going on

I'm trying to hold on, steadily fighting getting sickened with anger
Got me thinking deep in my mind I wish I had me a banger

Spiritual fashion, commence to blastin'
Point it at the devil epitome of he who be deemed a real spiritual bastard

Then I'm laughing as I'm bussing, end of discussion
As I see his blood gushing and he fall into the ground 6 feet deep

And he's thinking in his mind "Oh, what happened"
A real nigga got sick and tired of your rhine and commenced to steady blastin'

You know what I'm saying, stick 'em, ha-ha ha, stick 'em
Moving on forward in life and commence to kicking dope lyrics

Like a lyrical 44 blowing holes in the domes of those who wanna oppose
And attempt to corrode and erode the lyrical flow, but pimpin' i know

I gots to keep on, keeping it true
In case you ain't heard, my rap moniker what, really be 2Ru3

That's what I be doing and spewing pimpin' I'm only pursuing righteousness
Letting you know on the real what it is really in this life we live

We gotta keep fighting and struggling, trudging and going
No matter how many times it be seeming we be hopeless

And I know sometimes you prolly be feeling as if really living isn't even a blessing within it's self

And actually if you wanna be having some peace, you might as well go 'head and die nigga
Sometimes nigga, you prolly be thinking deep in your mind really

Why do I, gotta deal with spiritual migraines
Having me feeling deeply on the real pimpin' really that I'm insane

Cause I don't really wanna be dealing with this pain daily
Is anybody out there who got power go 'head start praying

Help a brother who struggling, trying to be striving
Trying to be the epitome of he who be bling bling bling you know shining like a diamond

But it ain't about bragging and boasting
It's about the epitome and example for other ones

Who really wanna grow and see something
Actually be something an r-o-l-e m-o-d to the e-l bruh

For those who feel as if they got nobody to see
As a roadmap for what it means to see better things

[Outro]
Trying to hold on...
Baby...
A nigga simply trying to hold on....
I'm just trying to hold on...
Devil tormenting my soul.....
I'm just trying to hold on....hey...