[Verse 1: Redman]
We push weight with ice cubes in a cup
(America's) most (wanted), police pin it up
(Alize an Henny), thug passion brother what
Potent it get a girl pregnant off a finger aaaaahhhhh
Doc the code name, merging both lanes off the lot
(We can die) Yeah I'm taking full blame
I'm hard headed, cap fitted for ryhmes
I touch up your shape up when Doc spit on the iron
What it is my brother?
(Trying to live my brother)
How you live my brother?
(Real civilized brother)
I'm non-fragile when I walk the streets
I rock with Force MDs not a force...

[Method Man]
Chin check is in effect, catch wreck
(Put him in a yoke, snap his neck)
Mr. M-E-F
(The bigheads is at it again)
Bone shattering, beat battering men
Scattering like roaches
Bless 'em with the over dosage of black flag
(Say goodbye you got no class)
Ship sinking fast
(Bon voyage)
See you at the bottom when I spot um
Grab him by the throat and say aaahuuumm I got 'em

[Hook: Redman & Method Man]
What's up my brother?
What's up my brother?
What's up my sis?
What's up now sis?
I got what you need
You got what I need?
Got the mad mad crew up in the house
(Repeat x2)

[Verse 2: Redman]
Yo dog it's my fault, Doc shock with volts
Until deaf mutes can talk, cripple kids can walk
My style will show guns what it is to spark
It'll clear the park twenty miles apart
Doc is like bad weather reports by Al Rourke
If you're not from the tri-boro, story settled
I pack gaudy metal for those who act fool
Big fish in the water and we hard to harpoon
I'm like open wounds pour the iodide in
Messing with us is like Saving Private Ryan
You acting out of line now you lying, dying
Wash my evil hands in the fire hydrant
Yeah girl, my kahuna's hooked up in the harness
Flying through hard knock life and still touring
My ropes pop in Chicago I hit the floor then
Got up and woke up with a bird in the morning

[Method Man]
Aiyyo we mo' phat than down south trash, and you know that
With format to blow the welcome off your door mat
Toes tap now to hellafied sound
Wipe your town off the road map, baby mess around
I propose that you go and get your crew
And get the bozack too, Def squad Wu
Are just slaves to the rhythm
Clinton is the Pres I still voted for Shirley Chisholm
Poisonous venom, my philosophy get busy-ism
The most beautiful, I get up in 'em
Menace as usual, play your corner
Slinging the ghetto pharmaceuticals, the Methadonna
OD on Flinstone chewables and mary mary mary
So dont ever say I didn't warn ya
And I dont wanna be the one to sik the dogs on ya
I'm still ghetto, I rhyme ghetto, my peoples ghetto
Pants are saggy, teeth yellow
Now thats what I call grimy, a million crazy kids behind me
Killa Hills 10304 is where you'll find me
If you're looking baby I'm right here
(C'mon down!)

[Hook]