[Produced by Erick Sermon]

[Intro]
Brrrrrr stick 'em
Ha ha ha stick 'em
Brrrrrr stick 'em
Ha ha ha stick 'em
Brrrrrr stick 'em
Ha ha ha stick 'em
You fuck wit' the crew then you gon' be a victim

[Verse 1]
Motherfuckers hide in the dark cause they exposed in the light
I flow where I fight, motherfucking show or get sniped
I don't know why I get cold in the night
Probably cause I shoot so many mothafuckas, the dough's why I write
I took they territory now they creepin' to kick me out
You peep? Get taken out, you sleep? Get paved on out
I'm paranoid, I got AR-15 and antivirus for my blue computer
If I catch them hacking in, they see me looking like a school shooter
Before I went to bad I saw one in a trench coat smoking endo
Lookin' through some binoculars, underneath wearin' Ken Cole
I've been debating on trapping the perpetrators
I'm saving the molotovs in my apartment in case I think of blazin' em
In case they come, I got more heat then laser guns
And if I want non lethal, baseball bats and tasers son
You know how paranoid I get, it ain't hard to tell
If I see one of those motherfuckers close up? I'll send em' to hell

[Chorus]
They hide in the shadows, they know what you have done
They sneaky motherfuckers, they ain't afraid to show the gun
So watch what you do and keep the heat close to you
They'll kill any chance they get, looking for victims they're sold on you

[Verse 2]
Listen, last night there were two black cars outside of my pad
One was a Jag, the driver was smoking crack while the other was black
Had a forty four mag, looking to fling out on my ass
Lost all the tail, made them crash into the gas station and blast
I ditch the car and get a new one and there's a new tail
I see them everywhere, I even see em' at Sue's Nails
They ruin my Chakra, I think the feds getting weary
I hold onto the grip every time they're getting near me
Go to a back alley, buy clothes off a homeless man
Give him my old threads, shit this night is the coldest, damn
Looking like Bruce Willis, on the lookout for coupe killers
Cause these guys won't hesitate to shoot and kill us
Saw one coming down the alley with his hood up
Smacked him with a brick, told me he only sold the good stuff
I was confused, I guess I got the wrong one
I'm sorry, I looked down and I saw a chrome gun
Shit (Gunshots)

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
I was sitting in my living room, watching Welcome Back, Kotter
Bored out of my fucking mind, looking for some TV to view
I got a package, opened it up, a dead man's head with a noose
I got out my deuce cause I heard the dogs next door running loose
I peep out the window, loud as fuck, I look out, then I duck as they shoot
I ran up the fire escape right onto my roof
Grabbed any extra magazines, these motherfuckers weren't feds
It's good for me, cause I don't catch cases when they end up dead
I hid in a pigeon coop, so as soon as they opened the door
I shot those motherfuckers with all my bullets and more
Two in the chest for the crackhead getting baked
A bullet hit a pigeon, oh shit I can hear the jakes
The sirens distract one as I shoot him in the kneecaps
Whip out the Spas-12 and sent him six feet back
Two more came up, kicked one off the building
Had the last one on his knees begging to see his children
Fuck him (Gunshot)

[Outro: (Sounds) & Police Radio]
(Gunshots)
Yes this is 10-35 do you read me?? 10-35, major shootout in the projects district. We spot two black cars outside of an apartment building
(Body falls)
Oh shit!!! A dead body!! Fuck!!! Call in backup, we need backup over!!!
(Sounds of fire being lit)
Oh shit it's getting crazy, the whole building just lit up on fire!!
Call the ambulance, call the morgue, call the firefighters, get backup!! Do something!!
10-4, we're sending in backup
(Police sirens slowly fade)