[Intro]
Ahh Redman..
Do you feel that the Blacks in your community
Are still mad at the racial situation?
Yeah, they still mad
And if you don't take that funny smirk off your face
I'mma kick your...
Over three hundred ghetto-related crimes happened
In Newark, New Jersey alone — still the saga continues

[Verse 1]
Stick 'em up, stick 'em up! I got the jammy to your guts, punk
Don't make a move! Before I choose to make your guts run
All over the block, 'cause my stomach's in a knot
And it growls twenty-four hours a day around the tick-tock
I got roaches and rats up the back, carryin' bats and gats
So I *farting noise* 'fore I snack, Jack
Because I'm not down with water from the hydrant
My moms taking a bath and my brother's next to dive in
I gotta think of a plan so I can eat
I haven't had a cracker for weeks so my mouth leaks
I squad up, 'cause I'mma set up this kid
Carryin' loot out from Burger King and what I'mma do is...
Run up on him, snatch the bag of money, then bust the dummy!
'Cause, my man, when I think of a plan, there's no shorts take
'Cause I pack jammies inside of my North Face, coat
Had the black brother on scope
No joke's what I am 'cause the man's a pure pro
(Yo, my man you got a light? [Straight jackin']
Yeah, give me the effin' money too, G!)
Yo, STOP, STOP, STOP!
Took the money then I dipped with the quickness
The plan went well, so I got down to the business
Opened up the bag, it was filled with paper
I thought I freaked the funk but now starts the caper
'Cause I was set up, now I have to go head up with the cops
But they carryin' black Glocks (Shit's thick!)
What's my next move? My life's on the line
Bullets in their clips and none in mine
Sirens on, once again it's on
I fell (OW!) and then the black Glocks went (POW!)
I got snuffed and I got bust
Now the only thing I'm sniffin' is dust, because it's...

[Hook]
'Cause it's so rough
'Cause it's so rough
'Cause it's so rough
'Cause it's so rough
'Cause it's so rough

[Verse 2]
Me and Erick Sermon taking a trip Uptown
In the 4Runner, blastin' my tape, puffin' ganja
Since Erick got props
I stepped to this hottie with more damn body than a chop shop
Flexed the jewels then she chose to talk to me
It was no doubt that baby cakes was hawkin' me
So I kicked it, upped the digits, terrific
Not knowin' she was scopin' me 'cause I was MAD splifted
Later on that week, honeydip freaked the funk
Playin' Redman and Erick out like two chumps
Callin' him weekdays, callin' me weeknights
(Who had her weekends?) Whichever man would freak right
Things got cozy one night like dynamite
We stripped to bare backs and took care of the bare facts
(No hats? Damn, black) The Funkadelic
Took a splash — you know how that go, fellas
Two months later (See you later, alligator)
She was pissed and, I ended up seein' my physician
She took a blood test, she took a head check
Looked at me thinkin', "Why the hell he isn't dead yet?"
Then I asked her, "Why you lookin' at me?!"
She said, "Redman, because you have the HIV"
Called Erick and his set, that girl, don't mess around!
Too late, 'cause Erick already had his drawers down
'Cause it's

[Hook]
'Cause it's so rough
'Cause it's so rough
'Cause it's so rough
'Cause it's so rough
'Cause it's so rough

[Verse 3]
To all my brothers, wear your hats, wear your hats
You can either get with this or you can either catch the claps
And to my sisters, make 'em wear they prophyl-lastic
'Cause it's drastic, havin' another ghetto bastard
Think I'm dying for a piece of butt? Honey, you must be nuts
You better settle for a wet kiss, so pucker up
'Cause you end up messin' around catchin' the heebie jeebies
Lookin' like "WHODUNNIT?" Witcha face up on the TV
So next time you want sex, get wreck, but protect
'Cause you could be like sexin' to your last death
And if you still don't know the time, press rewind
'Cause the next thing you might hear is a flatline
Word
[BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP]