[Production by Erick Sermon]

[Intro: E Dub]
Microphone check, one, two
(I can feel it)
Ayo, you ready to get down man? (Yo, whateva man)
You ready to get drunk as fuck? (Whateva man)
You, you sayin somethin? (Whateva man)
Ayo (Whateva man)
(I can feel it)
Check it, Kool V

(I keeps it bangin, keep it swangin, Mike type of sangin)
Ooh la la la (So what ya sayin)

[Verse 1: Redman & (Erick Sermon)]
Yo, I'm smokin herbals 'til it hurts you
I keep your daughter way out past her curfew, hard far from commercial
(So what cha mean nigga) We don't give a fuck when we smoked out
In the land that's doped out (It's like that?) no doubt
From this bomb weed, I cop from the streets
Get you open like buttcheeks, from girls who be freaks
Ayo, can I be SWV? You the One nigga
Rap Shogun, yes E the one
Yo, I'm rolling with a forty pack of niggas
Get my weed from Branson cause his sack's bigger, yo give me dap nigga
What I clap lyrically tap call back
Ferocious causing comatoses to collapse
So chinky eyed I see people waving on a map
I make it hotter than your thermostats
Bomb MC's with rough megahertz so call me
Funk Doctor verbal starburst, lyrical expert
Your boombox better form a union
Cause I leave your circuits overworked, word bond
Niggas front like they want it
But I be in the five hundred with E steadily getting blunted
Damn nigga you cool at what you spitting
So why you holding the blunt so long politicking
Huh, I ace them blunts with the technician of electrician
I don't got a pot to piss in but still spend my last on hydroglycerin
I keep it live no jive rolling Dutches
That's Masters like the Furious Five
I, keep your crew chinky eyed, for bitches actin dog
(Can you hit it from the back?) Why not, while we toke on this

[Hook]
(I can feel it)
(I can feel it)
(I can feel it)
Yo, you ready to roll this weed up? (Whateva man)
You ready to knock this nigga out? (Whateva man)
Yo, you ready to get this chedda? (Whateva man)
You ready to start this shit off? (Whateva man)
(I can feel it)

[Verse 2: Redman]
I smoked with a lot of college students
Most of 'em wasn't graduating and they knew it
You know the weed slang? Yeah boy I speak it fluent
I light your college dorm with my entourage from Newark
Bigger they come, harder they fall
That goes for, knuckleheads MCs, pussy walls and all
I lit my first L before I started to crawl
I got my ass whupped when I had my first brawl
But things changed since I was twelve years old
I specialize in wreckin mics and area codes
Now, PPP the kinda niggas that'll bug with ya
Smoke bud with ya, later on stick a slug in ya
Everything that's light green ain't the bomb bitch
I got different forms to make you lose your calm bitch
Read my lips, you ain't hitting unless you got
Ten on it, get on it, or get the fuck out my cypher

[Hook]
(I can feel it)
You ready to roll this weed up? (Whateva man)
You ready to rob this nigga? (Whateva man)
(I can feel it)
You ready to fuck bitch? (Whateva man)
You ready to guzzle this liquor? (Whateva man)
(I can feel it)