[Hook: R.A. The Rugged Man]
You ain't never been down (x3)
I get into you
[x2]

[Verse 1: R.A. The Rugged Man]
Now who that guy, who that guy
The R to the A, mad fly, I don't know why
Check the studio, I get moody bro
When ya booty never fed up
Ya never sued me though (shut the fuck up)
'Cuz I been known to smack a bitches nuts
Oh shit, they could cured by stitches
But their bodies cut up and buried in ditches
Word up, you think I'm not butter
Since I stutter, I bust some letters, then I cut 'em
Erick Sermon, he gets busy hittin' switches
Crustified! And I get busy whilst I'm shittin' on bitches
So how you even gonna try to fuck around when you ain't never been down

[Hook]

[Verse 2: R.A. The Rugged Man]
Women ain't nuttin' but sluts when that bust it
Don't say nuttin' and if I press it in, I press the red button
Who's that, the smile on ya face, you better lose that
Sympathy, I never choose that
God didn't bless me, don't stress me, molest me
I won't test me, I never met that a rapper that impressed me
To the bitches! (Suck my dick!) To the bitches? (Fuck off, fuck you!)
'Cuz if a bitch try to cut my dick off
I'd cut her arms off, her legs and her tongue
And then I'd shove her in the toilet bowl
Mosta men act effeminate, they got their bitches
Running shit but they be a whore in it their blood, I'm pouring it

[Hook]

[Verse 3: R.A. The Rugged Man]
I shove my hand through ya belly button
And ya feel ya testis and pull ya ribs out
'Cuz that's what the Crustified Dibbs is 'bout
So let's throw ya dicks through the air and let's sexually
Molest women like we just don't care 'cuz I'll be the crusty
So all ya hookers that lust after me just disgust me
I shove a spoon thru ya left nostril, some might treat it as hostile
But people don't make it to the hospital (WHAA!)
Slutty bitch whore, I'm gonna spit on you
And after kickin' you, I go see the other kids who got the dick in you
Why can't I get this anger out of me?
I don't try to be but it lives inside of me

[Hook]

[Verse 4: R.A. The Rugged Man]
You can't stop us, don't knock us, my pop duke sports dockers
I would like to spin doctors but I just rock the hip-hoppers
If you see some of the bitches, I stuck
You'd throw up, but, uh, uh, pussy is pussy, I don't give a fuck
Christianity groups that I've offended, they talk shit
But they can't be born again when I get thru with them
It ticks me off they using horror flicks for gimmicks
When I live it, ya label couldn't sign me, so they took the image
So what's with cha, you ain't never been..with it so I suggest that ya quit it

[Hook]