[Intro]
Badger, Badger, Badger, Badger
Badger, Badger
Badger, Badger, Badger, Badger
Badger, Badger, Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba

[Verse 1]
Me, I'm a badger appreciator
So I don't appreciate when I see these haters
In a heated debate, hating on my fuzzy buddies
These fuddy-duddies' behaviour is bloody cruddy
The countryside's where I reside
And I'll fight mindless violence, inside it with pride
It's not a fair fight at all
One side's got fur, the other fire rifles
I should approach those marksmen and ask them
Why they're sneaking 'round in the dark
Grown-arsed men
It's a little too late to be jogging
And this is a well-known spot for dogging
Oh, you're not dogging?
You're just shooting, maiming and killing
Thousands upon thousand of small woodland animals
Under the cover of darkness
Scrubbing their congealed blood from under your fingernails
Then going home to kiss your wives and children?
That's alright then, for a minute, I thought you were dogging

[Hook]
So here's what I suggest: end the madness (NOW!)
Cause some of my best friends are badgers
Here's what I suggest: end the madness (NOW!)
Cause some of my best friends are badgers
Badger, Badger, Badger, Badger, Badger
Some of my best friends are badgers
Badger, Badger, Badger, Badger
(Keep them badgers alive!)

[Verse 2]
Moley, Toad and Rat went on a walk
Rat-a-tat-tapped on Badger's front door
But they never got an answer
Cause Mr. Badger is now just a sad little corpse
God dayum
Kenneth Grahame would be spinning in his grave
If we didn't try to save them
It's like a modern day Salem
When witches switched for the badgers
Ridiculous madness
When I take a woodland ramble
I'm glad to see such a fantastic natural menagerie
So to eradicate a fraction of it nastily
Really leaves me quite anxious, actually
It's meant to prevent cow TB
But the ISG see things a little differently
Still the goverment's pushing it diffidently
So you and me need to give them an epiphany
It won't stop bovine tuberculosis
And I'm pretty certain you know this

[Hook]
So here's what I suggest: end the madness (NOW!)
Cause some of my best friends are badgers
Here's what I suggest: end the madness (NOW!)
Cause some of my best friends are badgers
Badger, Badger, Badger, Badger, Badger
Some of my best friends are badgers
Badger, Badger, Badger, Badger
(Keep them badgers alive!)

[Outro]
So many Brians...