[intro]
When I was a baby, I was born!
But I wasn't born in a hospital..
I was
BORN
IN
BLOOD!
Yayy!

[Verse 1]
Rah!
This town to which I've come is hellish
Full of malice, the sun has vanished
Now it's overrun with rabid grubs and maggots
So I guess it's good I'm hooded
Clad in rugged rags and brandishing a massive bloody mallet
The Hunter's plan is plundering an underground pungent palace overrun with baddies
A Chalice dungeon, that is
And should I perish in this parish, this gothic ghetto
Fret not, I'm coming back to get my blood echoes!

[Chorus]
Bloodborne, we were born in blood
Snuff all of your torches and throw up your hoods
Bloodborne, we were born in blood
Now we rise from the dark like morning wood

[Verse 2]
The graveyard's my playground, swing on the beast claw
Logarius merry-go-round
Did you ever see saw?
I want to play a game, flamespray and maim
Any tainted dog, beast, boar or maiden
Man I flay and aim my blade
Spread their brains on the pavement like Mayonnaise
'til their late like passengers on Merseyrail Railways
How I miss the gay old days, sun on my pale face
Nah, son I'm a trailblazer
Never save, no failsafe
These doomed peasents' future isn't too pleasant
Little more than a source of food for the moon presence
So you'd better use your communion runes or do penance
For absolution shall elude you without true repentance
Neuter you with a Saw Cleaver, leave you with a sore beaver
It'll hurt more than missing spoiler alerts on Saul Teasers
Or biting grapeshot you thought were some maltesers
This region's never even seen a person called Jesus

[Chorus]
Bloodborne, we were born in blood
Snuff all of your torches and throw up your hoods
Bloodborne, we were born in blood
Now we rise from the dark like morning wood (rah)

[Verse 3]
Watch the Brick Troll, his hits sting more than rick rolls
Or sticking a Tonitrus right into your dickhole
I use a hunchback as a human punchbag
And when I'm done I have him running back to school without his lunchpack
And here's a fun fact: my Hunter Axe
Has a somewhat different function that it would were I a lumberjack
I'm sick enough to recite that Monty Python bit
While swiping it from side to side in the middle of a viper pit
How did I get my job? Where did I find the gig?
Let's just put it this way: I didn't apply for it
And I might be sick, but the true boss isn't me exactly
Tip your hat to Mr. Hidetaka Miyazaki

[Chorus]
Bloodborne, we were born in blood
Snuff all of your torches and throw up your hoods
Bloodborne, we were born in blood
Now we rise from the dark like morning wood

[Outro]
(Bloodborne, we were born in blood)
(Snuff all of your torches and throw up your hoods)
(Bloodborne, we were born in blood)
(Now we rise from the dark like morning wood)