For a long time, I grew up thinking I was lazy. But then one day, I realised: I'm not lazy. I just have really high standards. For doing stuff. Efficient

Call me any nasty word: bum, slob, slacker, nerd
I can't be arsed to come up with a comeback you haven't heard
Can't be arsed to do my tax return, I've got cash to burn
And I can't be arsed to invest the stacks I've earned
Can't be arsed to chat, converse with you, I'm taciturn
Can't be arsed to drive a car because I'd have to learn
Can't be asked press the gas, I kinda like the back seat
Thank God for Uber cause I can't be asked to call a taxi
To take the rubbish out (well) I'd have to pick it up and put it down
And my brown wheelie bin's got a funny smell
Simple daily stuff is a battle to grapple with tasks that should be natural's too much of a hassle, I'm stuck in a shackle
Every kilojoule I physically exert, strenuous
Just point me to where the desert menu is!
Can't be arsed to hit the kitchen, not moving out this seat
What food I'll have to eat
Pot Noodle, naturally
Can't be arsed to feed the cat, little needy twat
Don't want to peel a pack and pour it, can't you deal with that?

Effort? Eff-it, Eff-it
Effort? Eff-it, Eff-it
Effort? Eff-it, Eff-it
Effort? Eff-it, Eff-it

Can't be arsed to wake up and get out of bed
I'm the laziest from A to... Eff-it can't be arsed with the alphabet
Effort? Eff-it!
Retention? Forget it!
Tension? Don't stress it, getting too much? Just let it
Can't be arsed to open the post and pay the bills
Can't be arsed to practice rap and elevate my skills
Can't be arsed to open my eyes or socialise
Can't be arsed to vocalise
[silence]
I can't be arsed with shows and live sets, learning loads of lines
Can't be arsed to leave the house, I'm staying home tonight
Can't be arsed to visit mates of mine, it's a waste of time, I can play online and get my gossip through the grapevine
Can't be arsed to shave my face or get a haircut, to trek up to the barbers just to trek back cause they're shut
So my hair is messed up, I can't be arsed to style it, I let myself go, and can't be arsed to fight it
I've lost all control and can't be arsed to find it
Ha, freestyling this song, I can't be arsed to write it
Can't be arsed to rap on beat, I rap off
Beat
Hehe!
Can't be arsed to even laugh properly
Can't be arsed to try composing melodies with no luck
I C.B.A. to write my own hook!

Effort? Eff-it, Eff-it
Effort? Eff-it, Eff-it
Effort? Eff-it, Eff-it
Effort? Eff-it, Eff-it

It doesn't matter what it is, man, I can't be arsed
Come to think of it, I can't be arsed to not be arsed
And if I can't be arsed to not be arsed, I can't be arsed to not be arsed to not be arsed
So I guess that means I can't be arsed to write filler
Because I can't be arsed to be considered anything apart from an ice-cold mic-killer
Can't be arsed with your rap so I will write songs
Can't be arsed with tiredness so I sleep all night long
Can't be arsed to go on the doll so I got a full-time job
Got a girlfriend that can't be arsed to pull my knob
Can't be arsed to masturbate, over the past few days I've been far too busy to be arsed to procrastinate
I stand out, can't be arsed to hang out in the background
Hit the gym cause I can't be arsed to carry all that fat round
Keep it deep I can't be arsed to dumb the track down
I can't be arsed to not make my mum and dad proud I
Can't be arsed to be fat, so when I see snacks I think "You know what? I can't be arsed to eat that."
Can't be arsed to die young from heart disease
Can't be arsed to force my blood through clogged up arteries
Can't be arsed to be hard to please so I take it easy cause I can't be arsed to make my own life hard for me
I'd like to say I do it for my health but I just can't be arsed to delegate I do it all myself

Effort? Eff-it, Eff-it
Effort? Eff-it, Eff-it
Effort? Eff-it, Eff-it
Effort? Eff-it, Eff-it

I used to think: "Eff-it, I'm not doing it."
But now I think: "Eff-it, I'm doing it!"
I used to think: "Eff-it, I'm not doing it."
But now I think: "Eff-it, I'm doing it!"