[Intro]
Hmmm
How did I get here? Why am I naked?
I'd better climb and decide what my fate is

[Verse 1]
Don't ask why I'm holed in a cast iron cauldron
While holding a massive hammer, that's how I roll, bruh
No exposition needed (uh-uh), this expedition's heated (oh!)
And that's no surprise considering the thing in which I'm seated
We each make decisions in life
We probably wouldn't repeat if we were given them twice
So now I'm naked, and I'm livin' inside a great big cooking pot
And keeping in mind these limitations, I am looking hot
While redefining what it means to be a mountaineer
Keep on climbing, keep on trying, I need to get out of here
I won't cease until I meet the sky above, goal is:
To shoot for the moon, that's why they call me Buzz Cauldron

[Chorus]
I'm a guy inside a pot, climbing up
The side of a pile of stuff
'Til I arrive at the top, try not to look down
(Down, down, down) It's quite a drop!
I'm just a guy inside a pot, climbing up
The side of a pile of stuff
'Til I arrive at the top, try not to look down
(Down) It's quite a drop!

[Verse 2]
Quick, you better get a grip, 'cause if you slip then maybe you'll
Release the sledgehammer, like your name is Peter Gabriel (ah)
Climbing up Solsbury Hill requires control and the skill
Of a bloke that's stuck inside a cauldron, holding a real
Big tool that's unsuitable for such a challenge
But it's bloody beautiful, refuse to fall, I can manage
To keep my balance like I'm doing ballet on a Segway
All upper body strength, so what if I skip leg day?
Not just anybody can get over it with Bennett Foddy
Again and again, you're in the belly of a Teletubby
What's the surprise at the end, is it a belly rub?
Don't tell me, buddy, but I'll just guess it is very funny

[Chorus]
I'm just a guy inside a pot, climbing up
The side of a pile of stuff
'Til I arrive at the top, try not to look down
(Down, down, down) It's quite a drop!
I'm just a guy inside a pot, climbing up
The side of a pile of stuff
'Til I arrive at the top, try not to look down
(Down) It's quite a drop!

[Verse 3]
Why did I make this? (What?) This horrible hike
Up an impossible mountain? I could have made something you would have liked
And since success is delicious, that would have been wise
Instead I must confess: That this isn't nice (no)
It tastes of bitterness, it is capricious
It sets setbacks for the ambitious
It lacks lenience, it's bracing and inhumane
But not everyone is the same
I created this game for a certain kind of person
To hurt them

[Outro]
Why am I naked?