[Verse 1]
Hey!
Turn off whatever tune is on, and listen to this new song!
Its BlueXephos, the Yogscast, the Goon Squad
Whatever name you want to call us, Fine let's move on
And clarify a few things to avoid confusion
No need for Paypal, vouchers or a coupon
You can see us free of charge, Like a neutron
We won't blow the roof off, But we'll put a roof on
Both obsessed with little cubes and I'm not talking croutons
So get your shoes shone, to a sheen
Put your feet upon the futon and us upon the screen!

[Hook]
I am a dwarf and I'm digging a hole
Diggy diggy hole, Digging a hole
I'm DanBull and I'm kicking a flow
Kicky kicky flow, Kicking a flow!

[Verse 2]
I'll introduce the duo, to the newest Youtube viewers
Xephos is Lewis and Simon's who Honeydew is
You'll lose all kinds of funny fluids, flatulation
Blood, sweat, tears, humors and the tangy taste
Of the runny gooey liquid oozing from a Jaffa Cake
We've got new tips, Music and Animations
So I wanna see your hips, thighs and your fanny shaking
Rihanna's nothing in comparison to Granny Bacon

[Hook]
I am a dwarf and I'm digging a hole
Diggy diggy hole, Digging a hole
I'm Dan Bull and I'm kicking a flow
Kicky kicky flow, Kicking a flow!

[Verse 3]
Oh God! You're logged onto the YogPod
With more devout followers than the God squad
There's seldom, if ever, been such a realm or dimension
Bringing that much traffic, that you can hear the sound of the engines
Oh, and by the way, as well, did I mention
The fact that we've got more links than a Zelda convention?
You can tell there's a tension, but it probably isn't sexual
So any innuendo there's ineffectual
But mention Jaffa Cakes, and Simon practically masticates
He's dream meal's a stack of them upon a massive plate
I've even seen him eat a Jaffa Cake flavoured pasta bake
And after ate even more, instead of after eights
I wonder where exactly does he keeps them all stashed away
The number crunching is too massive to extrapolate

[Hook]
I am a dwarf and I'm digging a hole
Diggy diggy hole, Digging a hole
I'm Dan Bull and I'm kicking a flow
Kicky kicky flow, Kicking a flow!

[Verse 5: Dan Bull]
Dan Bull, Rapping on behalf of the Yogscast
Swinging harder than my diamond axe, when I'm chopping logs fast
I'm unsurpassed, when it comes to rap with Bombast
So turn up the volume knob and increase the contrast!
At long last, here's a rapper thats a gaming geek
Entertaining people, with amazing speed
The pick of the bunch, the bigger the swing, the bigger the punch
I pick up a thing up off the floor and start mining ore
(Cha, Cha, Cha, Cha, Ching)
Double-time rap with a bit of Minecraft
Hope Mojang didn't mind that!
Take a hit of my track, to the ear canal
You'll be like "Bleeding 'ell"
One, two, can you hear me now?
Oi, Honeydew, does it ring a bell?
It's been years since your ears have felt like this
You're isabel to my Israphel
Many men'll wanna make a rap track better than me
But they never will, because evidently, they lack the skill!
(AAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!)

[Hook]
I am a dwarf and I'm digging a hole
Diggy diggy hole, Digging a hole
I'm DanBull and I'm kicking a flow
Kicky kicky flow, Kicking a flow!