[Chorus]
This song's not about Fortnite
It's about how it's not about Fortnite
No, it's not about Fortnite
It's about piggybacking on the back of Fortnite

[Verse 1]
Hi, you probably came here to see Fortnite
Well, I'm sorry guy for the surprise that you've been caught by
I just picked a trending topic to attach my name to (Dan Bull)
Not really bothered if you reckon that it's lame, dude
But now I've captured your attention
There are a couple of other subject matters I want to mention
But YouTube lately has become a real shit show
Let me explain in case you think that was a bit low
Our favourite creators aren't James Corden, Jimmy Kimmel and Ellen
The trending page is empty advertising space they're selling
You can get a plugin now to see what's really trending
It's mainly stuff from Asia YouTube's suspending
Ooh look, where have you been hiding, PewDiePie?
Did YouTube remove you from the crew invited to the nightclub?
It's just a VIP club and each of us
Who've been putting blood, sweat and tears in are being shoved out!
'Cause YouTube are terrified of Netflix
So stretching out the watch time's the only way to get rich
Every year this site makes Google a loss
So they need to boost the views as much as humanly possible
I mean, if you were YouTube, would you give a toss
Whether well-performing videos were stupid or not? No!
It's not about quality, it's quantity
Disregarding what the people want to see, and we don't want TV (Cut the cable!)

[Pre-Chorus]
We just want to see the channels we're subscribed to
Instead we get suggestions based on what gets higher views
Using information I didn't want to provide you
But never mind, I guess I like Fortnite too...

[Chorus]
This song's not about Fortnite (Fortnite!)
It's about how it's not about Fortnite (Fortnite!)
No, it's not about Fortnite (Fortnite!)
It's about piggybacking on the back of Fortnite (Fortnite!)
(2x)

[Verse 2]
If you want to make a quick buck, pick what the kids watch
Make a cheesy rap on it, give it a sick hook
Once upon a time that required FNAF and Minecraft
Now it's Fortnite, so of course, I provide that
I've got to keep my Socialblade numbers bubbling
They seem to be in trouble; I'm struggling to recover them
Thus, I'm juggling the topics that I want to rap about
With all that other stuff you're asking me to make a track about
No wonder so many creators all get knackered out
But I love making new stuff too much to be backing out
Plus, I made over a million people click subscribe
But the site won't notify them that my clips have just arrived
So now you have click the little bell
But if you didn't, it'll tell the algorithm it should miss you out
And despite what they say, it's damn well faulty
Oy, Susan Wojcicki, can you tell I'm salty?
Nowadays, if you're not milking every trending topic straight away
You may as well not be in the creator database
So I'm Jumping on this bandwagon after seeing Ali-A
RiceGum did it, so it's morally okay
Well, I should grab a hundred content creators from near and far
Put them on a track, call it a Rap Battle Royale
In fact, I'm actually going to go and do that, so don't move
I'll be soon back, with a new track

[Chorus]
This song's not about Fortnite (Fortnite!)
It's about how it's not about Fortnite (Fortnite!)
No, it's not about Fortnite (Fortnite!)
It's about piggybacking on the back of Fortnite (Fortnite!)
(2x)

[Outro]
YouTube, what are you doing?
Go home, you're drunk!
I'm justifiably in a position where I'm salty AF!
But I'm not going anywhere!