[Intro]
Where are my trousers?
Where are my trousers?

[Verse 1]
One morning I woke up with such a bad head
I thought I'd been hit by a tow truck (smack) no such luck
Look down and notice that I'm wearing no top
No socks and no trousers, oh fock
Bits and bobs jiggling around so much
I'm a walking promotion for Botox
How did I get here? Why am I naked?
I better grab a rock and decide what my fate is

[Hook 1]
I'm just a naked man, running around, baby
Hold on a minute, I'm a little overwhelmed
I'm just a naked man, running around, baby
Hold on a minute, what's that rustling sound?

[Verse 2]
Said, how did I get here? Why am I naked?
I better grab a rock and decide what my fate is
I put the pieces together like Kojak
A bit of wood and a bit of stone is a stone axe
What a throwback, Homo erectus
Hope you know Latin 'cause I'm whacking your solar plexus
Stay away from my camp, you and your mans ran in
Crafting and aiming at you with a hand cannon
Defending my base, I stand on my feet
I'm nude but you won't get your hands on my meat
I'm planning to eat, build bigger, better houses
But for now I guess I better get a pair of trousers

[Hook 2]
I'm just a naked man, running around
Hold on a minute, baby, look what I've found
I'm just a naked man, running around, baby
Hold on a minute, what's that rustling sound?

[Verse 3]
Shh, I'm a bare man fighting a bear, man
I don't need bare man, I do it with my bare hands
I'm gonna track a deer, follow the hoof prints
Till I come across a box full of blueprints
Now I can do things like a civilized man
But I'll still kill anything that moves with the thing in my hand
It's been a nice chat but I'm still gonna stick a knife in the guy's back
Don't trust anybody, not even your best friend
It's an act, better put it on the West End
Let's not pretend, human nature has changed, man
Still naked, behaving like a caveman

[Hook Outro]
I'm just a naked man, running around
Hold on a minute, why's there blood on the ground?
I'm just a naked man, running around, baby
Hold on a minute, what's that rustling, rustling sound?