[Intro]
(The old prince still lived at home.)

[Verse 1]
I live at home still, not paying phone bills
Hydro, or rent, and my mom makes most meals
So it's so ill, I don't need no scrill
Only cash for gas when I borrow my folks' wheels
(But you can't drive) whatever, our van died
(Get a good bike) who I look like, that Lance guy?
I ain't pushing no banana seat
Looking like some 8-year-old kid on your grandma's street
You can go ahead and call me lazy
I just retired real young, y'all, call me Jay-Z
Or maybe I just hate these crappy jobs, call me crazy
But I refuse to work 'em, man, it's miserable
Can't do it 'less it's due to circumstance
And I need the cash to feed my astronomical appetite
But for the time being, y'all, I'll sacrifice
And have a life minus a couple of luxuries
Just cutting my budget schemes and getting some stuff for free
Like, why's a brother need a dentist? It's expensive
And my gums'll bleed, they do everytime when he scrubs 'em clean
And every year they try to bump the fee
Plus he'll probably recommend braces (there you go) that's another G!
Well thanks a lot, doc, but listen, I can brush my teeth
All on my own, so you ain't gonna hustle me
So that takes care of the dental plan, now here's a potential scam
Getting my toes crushed by a rental van
Then if I sued the driver and the rental guy's
Enterprise or whatever, I bet they would settle nice
Court adjourned, now I just gotta pay for the law forms
(That's easy) spend two weeks eating popcorn
Like students do, 'cept I'm grown and it's not dorms
So it's a bit more pathetic, ok, a lot more
But what y'all gotta mock for? What's wrong with my Mach 3?
Y'all gotta be macho and mock more?
Well not me, and I do not need to change blades
Its all my own hair I shave, chin back face legs
And the rashes rarely last more than 8 days
Usually, so it's cool with me, I can save great
(But hygiene!) That ain't no reason to buy things
Like soap or visine or getting clothes dry cleaned
I don't throw away dough on no facials
Yeah I make rolls of my pennies, I even pay folks
In clubs out this case full of pesos I lug
(Bro, get 'em exchanged) Nope, I'm waiting till the rate's low
Don't hate yo, just cuause y'all wasteful
Y'all wanna make your bruh the scapegoat, it's bugged
It's all nuance, use your head
Why get a bed and couch when you can slouch on a futon instead
If you got a little bread like croutons
Download them new songs and spread them coupons

[Interlude]
(Shad, what happened?)
I, uh, I couldn't afford the whole beat
(Wow.)
So, uh, I know
(You couldn't afford...)
Yeah, no, the guy was just charging so much it was totally not worth it. So I was just like, lets like, um, kinda just vibe with it
(What?)
Like I'll just like spit the verse and then you just start clapping the last verse
(Clap my hands?)
Yeah, just clap your hands from there, whatever. I'll just, I'll start it, I'll start it, it's like...

[Verse 2]
If you happy when you save 2 dollars a week
You steal your neighbors empty bottles and keep all your receipts
And only treat your girl yearly to McDonalds to eat
Don't be ashamed, pop your collars man, holler at me (holla!)
If y'all are this cheap, cause this is for acknowledging peeps
That gotta track every dime using columns and sheets
If you strip search the mall for the bargain to beat
Like every day you've just a penny saved from starving on the street
Keep carving a niche, I'm started in a jar for the wee
Little Shaddies still to come for their college degree
Yo I figure starting early on the market is key
I plan on having smart daughters all Harvard M.D
And regardless, we gon' never put a car on the streets
'Less them gas prices lower and the parking is free
And no parka for me, not even gloves, scarves or a fleece
I may freeze but I'll keep saving marvellously, holla!