Paint a picture in your mind now a romance
A young couple on their wedding day, gold bands
Sparkle together as they holds hands
Guest please clear the floor for the couples first slow dance
That was how I felt when my first cheque from
Socan...better yet, getting that video grant
I was like "Oh Man! I thought we had no chance! I'm
Gonna be on a TV program!
Honeymoon'in next thing you know "BAM!" you're
Somewhere in Manitoba and an old van, full of
Merchant, you cursin' cause it's cold "Damn!" even
You're toe jams frozen and it's so cramped
From promotion, startin' to rollin', your video is
Getting played more than Lindsay Lohan's
Or maybe Josh Groban or My Chemical Romance, either way
It's played more than most jams
So you gotta play
For those fans, much generated, much appreciated
It's time to tour the whole land
You'all know the name. Heard it on your college
Radio, Reddit and Explain. Not quite famous, not
Quite nameless. Holla at your blue collar, rap
Entertainers
I was the burger KING of the road. Going royalties
On chard broiled beef, then hit the throne ( that's
Code for the toilet seat )
Before we go, gotta clean up this oil leak, and I
Don't think this kinda fame's gonna spoil me
Handelin' the details, faxes and emails, backin'
The e-sales, and shows of retail, still I'll need
Shelves, feelin' like refill
How's my total number sold, even under D12's?
Thought having me a video would fix that, then i'd
Have a hit track, and later remix that
Just to get it played again, talk about Mad spin
My head say I sound Canadian, like it's a bad
Thing
Yo' I know my record at Atlantis, and no, I ain't
Atlas, and man, if I can't get a dang hit
Listen to her honey and get a video grant and
Then I might never nab that big body, money, and a
Mansion. Ah oh, oh my goodness
Gotta get some shots where the hood is
Real recognize, reel some footage
So put it where the hook is, so the look get some
Strongest write, after the verse, and before
Pharrell March says...
You'all know the name. Heard it on your college
Radio, Reddit and Explain. Not quite famous, not
Quite nameless. Holla at your blue collar, rap
Entertainers
Yo' back at home I'm on the net as usual
Any minute, faxes from posts and nets approval
So I'm stressed from losin, no press reviews
Seein' if they are generating more hits from google
That's the message from boys, kids, broads and
Forms on brutal
And I am still far from famous so that's more than fugal
Yo' so I try and stay calm in my phase,the human
Commonly played and when they comment on my page
Cause it subtle
How to subconsciously swede, you gotta guard it
Specially since we are constantly trained, to
Concentrate on garbage, compensation rates, is
Closed cars hittin on compliments and praises
Yo' we still on the come up the he clouds and grime
From sun down, and sun up, in the land where
The sun don't shine
Why does this country have to be so big?
Drive'in 500 miles to the next little gig
And I hope I connect with the kids out in
Lethbridge, Alberta, 'cause my style is sorta leftish
And I heard they ain't left-us. We gettin' payed on
The doors - sorry girls no guest list
Promoters floor: Please not tie or carpet
Car radio: One station, Starship
We built this city on videofacts, hot tracks, and a pretty dope concept
You'all know the name. Heard it on your college
Radio, Reddit and Explain. Not quite famous, not
Quite nameless. Holla at your blue collar, rap
Entertainers