[Intro]
I do this everyday baby, I know you see the money when you look at me (cash)
What do you say?
I do this everyday baby, I know you see the money when you look at me (when you look at me)
What do you say?
I do this everyday baby, I can tell by your face that you came to play, baby
Yeah-ah

[Chorus 1]
Baby, let me tell you, you so fine, you so sexy, yeah
Baby, let me tell you, you a dime, baby, let's be friends
I can spend this money on a diamond if you let me, yeah
I be getting money all the time, come and check me, yeah

[Verse 1]
Baby, let me tell you, you a dime
Baby, let me tell you, you so fine
Don't never let a nigga waste your time
I can spend this money all the time

[Chorus 2]
Baby, let me tell you, you so fine, you so sexy, yeah
Baby, let me tell you, you a dime, baby let's be friends
Baby won't you hop up in my ride (skrrt, skrrt)
I'm about to pull up, be outside (skrrt, skrrt)

[Verse 2]
What do you say? I do this everyday, baby (yeah, baby)
I love to see your pretty face, baby
I love it how you move the waist, baby, ayy
And I love the way you taste, baby
Baby if you were to pick a car, we can slide in (skrrt, skrrt)
And I love your face, your eyes, your style
Baby, if you were to vacay pick an island
I'm ballin' out, this a payday
With a smile, said she'd like an R8
I got 'Big Zoovie' on my carplates
Said you'd walk, baby this a star day
And I hate niggas 'cause they all lame
So fuck what you say now, I do this shit everyday
They say I shoot like my J's, get the fuck out my way
I got a Glock and AK now, my niggas don't play around
We follow, you stay now, then shoot up the playground
So what do you say? I do this everyday, baby
Don't run on the opps, they'll pull up to your place baby
30-clip on the Glock, you know I keep me safe baby
I keep gettin' this guap and throw it in the safe baby
Yeah-ah

[Outro]
What do you say? Yeah
What do you say? What do you say?
What do you say? I do this everyday baby
What do you say? I love your pretty face baby
What do you say? I love the way you shake baby
What do you say? I love the way you taste baby