[Produced by Pharrell Williams & Sounwave]

[Intro]
Alls my life I has to fight, hittas
Alls my life I...
Hard times like, "Yeah!"
Bad trips like, "Yeah!"
Nazareth, I'm on one
Homie you on one
But if God got us
Then we gon' be alright

[Chorus: Pharrell Williams]
We gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
Huh? We gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright

[Verse 1]
Uh, and when I wake up
I recognize you're lookin' at me for the pay cut
But homicide be lookin' at you from the face down
What Mac-11 even boom with the bass down
Schemin', and let me tell you 'bout my life
Painkillers only put me in the twilight
Where pretty uh, uh is the highlight
Now tell my momma I love her but this what I like, Lord knows
20 of 'em in my Chevy, tell 'em all to come and get me
Everything I sow, so my karma come
And heaven no preliminary hearing, so my record
Tell the world I know it's too late
Boys and girls, I think I gone cray
Drown inside my vices all day
Won't you please believe when I say?

[Pre-Chorus]
Wouldn't you know
We been hurt, been down before
Hitta, when our pride was low
Lookin' at the world like, "Where do we go?"
Hitta, and we hate po-po
Wanna kill us dead in the street fo' sho'
Hitta, I'm at the preacher's door
My knees gettin' weak, and my gun might blow
But we gon' be alright

[Chorus: Pharrell Williams]
We gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
Huh? We gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright

[Verse 2]
What you want, you a house, you a car?
A piano, a guitar?
Anything, see my name is Lucy, I'm your dog
Look, you can live at the mall
I can see the evil, I can tell it, I know it's illegal
I don't think about it, I deposit every little zero
Thinkin' of my partner, put the candy, paint it on the Regal
Diggin' in my pocket, ain't a profit big enough to feed you
Everyday my logic, get another dollar just to keep you
In the presence of your chico... ah!
I don't talk about it, be about it, everyday I sequel
If I got it then you know you got it, heaven, I can reach you
Pet dog, pet dog, pet dog, my dog, that's all
Pick back and chat, I trap the back for y'all
I rap, I black on track so rest assured
I right my wrongs; I write 'til I'm right with God

[Pre-Chorus] + [Chorus]


[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar]
Get back
Look I started from the bottom, at the very bottom
Mixin' Hen with similac my momma knew I had a problem
I was jibbing for a bottom, putting quarter pieces in the black caprice and make it holla (Alright)
No releasing me, I got the piece in me, I gotta
Keep the decency and make them TNT my product
I'm a C-O-M-P-T-O-innovator, energizer
Inner-city bullet fly 'til that thing on auto pilot (Alright)
I don't really care about the care abouts
All I care about is wearing out your upper body
When I catch ya, when I catch ya, walking out your parents house
(Alright)
Fourteen years old sound so raw making plays home boy
Big K's and my big dogs
Never, ever, went straight home, boy
(Alright)