[Intro: Pharrell]
Yeah, yep
Spit my gum out right now, yeah
What up, world?
Got my inspiration in the studio with me tonight, feelin' good
Got a lot to smile about
Talk to y'all niggas
Yessir, hey

[Verse 1: Pharrell]
My best friend say I'm bottled up, I need a fuckin' therapist
But I can't think of nobody I wanna share this with
Why should I open up on somebody else's carelessness?
Pop, there goes the top, nigga, so here it is
Mama workin' all day, Daddy out in the streets
Imagine ten years old, full of doubt and defeat
Growing up around criminals, with clout and deceit
My grandma Loucelle used to tell me, "You about what you weep"
She used to help me with my homework, addiction, subtraction
Added faith to my life and doubt got subtracted
Wanna skip your mind from crying? Better learn something, son
You be beatin' on my couches, why don't you try hit the drums?
Look, ooh, you see me, Ma, they wish they could be me, Ma
As I got better, her body was eaten by leukaemia
Seventh grade, it was cursed and sad
But the gift within it was when I first met Chad
But even Chad could tell you that my Christmas was jinxed
'Cause Grandma Loucelle died on 12th 19th
I can't help but wonder what kind of black cloud I was under
'Cause fifteen years later, the other died that summer
Bummer

[Chorus: Pharrell]
My best friend told me (What?)
You be actin' tough, that's fine (Uh-huh)
But the weight of the world can really crush one's mind
So let it out, P (What?) Let it out, P (What?)
Let it out, P (What?) Let it out, P (What?)
See, you won't even know you hurt sometimes
Until you in conversations, it comes out in a line
So let it out, P (What?) Let it out, P (What?)
Let it out, P (What?) My nigga, let it out

[Verse 2: Pharrell]
Ayo, 1021 Atlantis Drive, nigga was action packed
That's Atlantis Apartments, we live in half the back
That's where the 12-year-olds there, they be flashing crack
And when they shoot you, nigga, they ain't tryna pass it back
Ayo, Didi, Fleet and Marvian, can you imagine that?
The place we love the most, the hood was built to smash us flat
But I escaped 'cause I chased, what made me passionate
Now I got my skate team and spit these acid raps
So many niggas will rise, so many them niggas try
So many them niggas ended up duck-taped and tied
So many them same niggas, man, they moms eyes cry
So, they just got older, still on the corner with they pride
Well, let me tell you niggas something, I'm so glad you alive
Long as you got a breath, a pulse, nigga strive
Divine intervention this is, I heard a voice, nigga, listen to this

[Chorus: Pharrell]
My best friend told me (What?)
You be actin' tough, that's fine (Uh-huh)
But the weight of the world can really crush one's mind
So let it out, P (What?) Let it out, P (What?)
Let it out, P (What?) Let it out, P (What?)
See, you won't even know you hurt sometimes (Uh-huh)
Until you in conversations, it comes out in a line
So let it out, P (What?) Let it out, P (What?)
Let it out, P (What?) My nigga, let it out (Okay)

[Verse 3: Pharrell]
Jesus will arrange it, but Jesus won't change it
Hold yourself responsible, on yourself, you blame it
You mad, nigga don't articulate in Sanskrit
I.E. we best friends, speak best friend language
I'm a happy nigga, you can't approach me in anguish
Whoever said anything worth working for would be painless?
Can't be mad at the world 'cause you and your girl ain't famous
'Cause you both on Bape, BBC and chain-less
Also you're Range-less, therefore switch lane-less
Now you brainless, dangerous, 'cause you pull out the stainless
All of a sudden you smart, now you do something heinous
First time you get caught, now your ass is famous
No longer chain-less, and the bus switching lanes is a bad look
Your girl with ya man sellin' lane-less, stop
Nigga, rewind and reverse slides three times
Reassess your thinking and trust me, it'll be fine
First, picture your goal, and repeat, "It'll be mine"
Or fuck it, nigga, just keep imagine killin' me, fine
Now you scrunching your face, tryna ace attainment
When you should be tryna find a place to base your shame, nigga
Success is tangible, don't wait for fame
I thought you would receive it better if I ain't say your name
You unsure of yourself, sit still and think
Review those actions if it fit, put your name in the blank

[Chorus: Pharrell]
My best friend told me (What?)
You be actin' tough, that's fine (Uh-huh)
But the weight of the world can really crush one's mind
So let it out, P (What?) Let it out, P (What?)
Let it out, P (What?) Let it out, P (What?)
See, you won't even know you hurt sometimes (Uh-huh)
Until you in conversations, it comes out in a line
So let it out, P (What?) Let it out, P (What?)
Let it out, P (What?) My nigga, let it out (Okay)

[Outro: Natasha Ramos]
Star Trak is who we are
Star Trak is who we are, ooh
Star Trak is who we are
Star Trak is who we are