[Intro: Faith Evans]
Burning up! My heart is like burnin up!
Burning up! My heart is like burnin up!
Burning up! My heart is like burnin up!
Burning up! My heart is like burnin up!

[Verse 1: Faith Evans]
Sometimes you can be in love and having fun
And still not know what's going on (No)
Or on the other hand you separate
Thinking that the feeling's gone
(talking)
Feels like forever when were together
I knew that we are destiny
So here's the last chance for the last dance
For us to bring back the dream

[Hook: Faith Evans]
So baby come and rescue me (I'm burnin up!)
I got some fire for you to see (I'm burnin up!)
Baby come and take me there (I'm burnin up!)
Trust me you should (Hurry up!)
Baby I'm just (burnin up! burnin up!)

[Verse 2: Loon]
Yeah, uh, now check it out
And what you need I could offer, by any means I support ya
Neglecting your needs would be torture
Things that I taught ya, like blowing (FIRE!!!) in the porche
And doing high speed is what I taught ya
A straight gentlemen, born with a ape adrenaline
Girl you gotta have Faith I'm sizzling
Hot, when I drop numbers like New Kids On The Block
Them like who that kid in the drop
Emergency, cause shorty hot to the third degree
How many (?) wanna swerve with me?
Refrain from serve indeed, the game never heard of me
I got something for you herbs to see
So why, even run away been put the gun away
Sign with Bad Boy first hit with Dunaway
And Neptune track hot like summer days
This wet Loon block hot now one away

[Faith Evans]
In the midnight hour, wait a minute
I can be in a lonely place
Then along you come with the sweetest thing to say
And put the sun in my day, I really wish you would

[Hook: Faith Evans]
Rescue me (I'm burnin up!)
I got some fire for you to see (I'm burnin up!)
Baby come and take me there (I'm burnin up!)
Trust me you should (Hurry up!) Baby I'm just (burnin up!) x2


[Outro: Faith Evans]
Burning up! My heart is like burnin up!
Burning up! My heart is like burnin up!
Burning up! My heart is like burnin up!
Burning up! My heart is like burnin up!