I just want a lady with some class and some br-izz-ead
I ain't playing with it
Give me ten toes on the floor
I'm just gon' buss ya bitch and then I go
Talking one night stands
I ain't trying to be ya man
You got another nigga from that ring on your hand
This Diggy Daz and I put this dick in your life
Aw... aw...
I'm doing it all night
Brown skin, light skin, Latino and White
She said she liked the feeling 'cause the feeling was right
Put it all up in your world, homegirl, don't bite
You got me feeling good 'cause you're doing it right
Ooh wee, yeah, I like the feeling
Baby, it's super feeling
Creeping on that sneaky tip
Girl, who ya fucking with?
I'm not your husband, your boyfriend, or your m-izz-an
(Cheat on ya man, ma, that's how ya get ah-izz-ead)

PHARRELL (DAZ)

Cheat...
(On your man, your husband, your boyfriend)
Cheat...
(On that sucker, you tell him that you love him)
Cheat, cheat on ya man, ma, that's how ya get ah-izz-ead
Cheat, cheat on ya man, ma, that's how ya get ah-izz-ead Two: KURUPT

I told her cheat on ya man, girl
That's how ya get ah-izz-ead
I just want a freak of the week that gives h-izz-ead
So as I walked, stepped up in the (?)
Pretty much all of the ladies was on the fl-izz-oor
Man, my swagger's sick, I'm so right
I guarantee I'm 'bout to crack a bitch tonight
Just stop, stop, stop, stop...
Yeah, do it, I'm all with it
Make that pussy pop
Man, she bad to the bone
She know all of my songs
She love that silver Patron
It's a fact that she's bomb
Young, sexy, and grown
I told her, 'let me give you some game'
Now let me tell ya 'bout the Dogg Pound Gang
This another way for ya to get some pussy, so-
(Cheat on ya man, ma, that's how ya get ah-izz-ead)

Three: DAZ (KURUPT)

It was a girl named Kim
A girl named Pam
Another homegirl that they had named Tam'
Everybody cheating, that's the name of the game
(I know you're down with it and ya doing the same)
She stay laced in the finest fashion
If she want something she don't mind for asking
She in it to win it
She do it for the love of it
Rule number one, homie, never trust a chick
(I ain't mad at ya, li'l mama)

(I'm just trying to be a part)
(What ya trying to put together?)
(She said she would do whatever)
(Now that's the type of girl I like)
(She like to do wrong, but her game is right)
(Now, look at the way that she shake)
(I know her nigga don't know she out here this late)
(So... so... you know what I s-izz-aid?)
Cheat on ya man, ma, that's how ya get ah-izz-ead