I've got some cold fucking flows. Suitable for Netflix and chill. Hahah. Fuck

Winning that race never had to see a relay. No features in mine
You bastards passing sticks like hot potato d-day. Just Blow up and die

Picking at what you predicted. Kicking up dust When I visit
Gravel and dirty with business. Rip it and save you for later
Hope you are talking my language
Have a piece of my pie

Ask for a handful of nails. Smacking you silly's the payout
Painfully grazing your face till orfaces angle inside of you

And how's that for a party song
Go smoke crack in the bathroom playing Bakugan
I guess my time is on

I'm embedded with better medicine. Kettle of arm and hammer degenerates getting ready to boil this

Instead of a piece of mind. You a piece of food. You cut that shit

And the preachers know. Knocking on the preachers door
I've up and had this life before. Deja vu and mind control

Ripping this shit and I get a good taste
Breaking the callus or breaking your face
Making it matter. I say this to stay
Real life blessings they're taking away
Why your eyes low. Open them up, don't get rid of your sight
Just show them to us
Be a soldier don't run. No way

Stacking up all the odds against those bastards who just started this
Reputable, my sword's the Lord I need to really finish it
Can I get a (FINISH HIM)

Getcha and cut all your vitals
Pick you apart with the Bible
Showing up all of the evil
I've ever seen in the people

Next thing you know I go psycho
Oh well bro where did the time go?

And the preachers know, knocking on the preachers door
I been had this life before. DEJA Vu and mind control. Yeah. X2


Never been better. Vendetta carries the letter
Instead of Carribou Lou I'll take a pint of your blood sir
He said more for me
I said no, more of you. And ate his damn head too. Haha

As far as sane goes I'm insane to you
Cause I'm in your damn head with a fork and screw
Molding what I see fit. I hope you knew
Everything I do is for the people who view

But you. Too far to make it. That's a long jump boy. Gravity wasted

Hold you down. It takes time to make it
Get the ball rolling and Invade the mainstream

Oh. Now rake a daisy
Get the fuck out my face, whatever makes it easy

Get naked girls to fan me with fan leaves
From a weed plant in BC. Smoke hashish And feed me grapes

I'ma sieze the day. Step on my foot I'ma break your leg
Snap like a bear trap. No one's safe today
I'm a loose cannon spinning aimlessly

It pays to say. I'm never gonna be a sellout. Bait the cake
You faker than your medical. I hate the taste
Vomit when you give me some. You ain't the same
Never gonna be the dog

No way. No way. No way
Your running feet sounding like an 808
Heartbeat pumping like your scared to stay
They wanna see the bodies dropping like it's pelican Bay
But

No way, no way
Never gonna beat me
Cd to case
Mp3 popping, so it's same to say
I'm, the next problem in this fucking game!