Chorus: Mystikal & Latrelle

Tell me where you from round? (I'm from here)
Tell me where you from round? (I'm from here)
Tell me where you from round? (I'm from right chere)

Where's ya family?, mighty family
Where's ya family?, mighty family (from right chere)
[repeat]

Verse 1: Mystikal & Female singer

I heat up the way coffee be
Tasty like pastry
Got mo' flavors than parsley
With 9 aunties and 2 uncles
I got a lot of cousins, so watch how you talk to me
Good ol' places, good ol' times, doing good ol' thangs
That was just the good ol' days
Most of my people still look the same
All though we deep in the numbers
Our feelings is close as a lot's, ya heard me

We originated in Louisiana way back in the 1930's
On the farm of the son of Mr. and Mrs. John and Amanda Tyler
Hooked up with they daughter
Daughter Josephine the difference do you know what I mean
She was on the cotton field
He was on the farm where the cows get killed
Then they moved off the plantation
Then ??? came in a few mo' years
First came Rosa Lee, then Lawrence "June Bug", then Ana Lee
Then Louise and Alberta, then my mama came who they call Marie
Without a breather, um, here come Mary Alice, and Linda
Po' Grandma stayed bare foot, pregnant, and off-balance

Don't worry be happy
Whatever we got we was glad that we had it
After that, here come the last three, (Who was?)
Lois, Allen, and Kathy

Chorus

Tell me where you from round? (I'm from here)
Tell me where you from round? (I'm from here)
Tell me where you from round? (I'm from right chea)

Where's ya family, mighty family
Where's ya family, mighty family (from right chea)
[repeat]

Verse 2: Mystikal

And I'm just another kid
That come from one of the children of ma'dear and papa
One of beau coup grandchildren
Representing Lawerence and Elizabeth Tyler (like who?)
And my cousin Harry, cousin Becky
My cousins Davita and Larry
Rock and Walter, and Herbert and Meekie and Tiffany
Cynthia, and Dede, and Terry
Poncho, Erica and Junior
Mimi, Debra, Petey, Cheryl and Buster
Jermaine and Fayetta
Ronald and Donald, my crazy twin cousins
Albert, Lil' Will, and Tasha, Trenette, Shirlet
Rodney and Rodneshia
Lisa, Lil' Allen and Derrick and Teddy
Michelle, Markelle, and Michael and Reecie, and Ronisha
Cory and Brandon, Ranika, Christy, and Marty and Kisha
Craig, Jeremy, Chad and Million, My'Chelle, ??? and Robel
Ariel and Lawerence Anthony, Dazy, Courtney and Jaryn
Mikey, Brittney, and Kelan, Lil' Brian, Arian and Lil' Harry
Keke and Brian Jr
Nikki, Lil' Donald, and Donyette
And the people I forgot, Uncle Lynn, Uncle George, and Uncle Fay and Auntie Deborah

Chorus: Mystikal & Female Singer

Tell me where you from round? (I'm from here)
Tell me where you from round? (I'm from here)
Tell me where you from round? (I'm from right chere)

Where's ya family?, mighty family
Where's ya family?, mighty family (from right chere)
[repeat]

Verse 3: Mystikal

Now that you know about my family ties
And my family history, and my family size
I done took ya back five generations and broke it down for ya
Now haven't I
From great-grandparents to grandparents
Mamas and daddies and uncles and aunties
To all of my in-laws, nanas, parrains and nephews and nieces
From maw-maws and paw-paws
Stomachs still growing so the number increases
From sisters and brothers
Baby daddies, baby mamas, great cousins and play cousins
So watch how you look at me
You never know who I'm kin to when you passing
If you ain't in ya own back yard
Better be careful 'cause we just might ask ya

Chorus

Tell me where you from round? (I'm from here)
Tell me where you from round? (I'm from here)
Tell me where you from round? (I'm from right chea)

Where's ya family?, mighty family
Where's ya family?, mighty family (from right chea)
[repeat]

Latrelle & Mystikal till fade:

You better watch how you look at me
Cause I'm from here