[Produced by The Neptunes]

[Verse: Loon]
And we don't stop, no ma
What's the problem?
You always complain, when it's chicks that's starvin'
What type of game is this?
I used to support ya, I thought you'd appreciate
Some of these things that I bought ya
Shoes from Milan, Louis Vuitton
Animals on back and jewels on your arm
Mami, it's nothin to make moves with a Don
Loon the Big Fish, leave them fools in the pond

[Verse: Toni Braxton]
Just when I made up my mind
I don't want you at all now
You had your chance, you owned me
What makes you wanna call now?
Can you try and tell me
What made you choose her as your friend?
(Chose you as a friend, baby)
Just when I think you've given up
It's you again...
All I can say

[Hook: Toni Braxton + (Pharrell Williams)]
Farewell my lonely one
Nothing else here can be done (So hit the freeway!)
I don't ever wanna see you again
You didn't do me right so
So long, goodbye, goodnight (So hit the freeway!)
Maybe in some other life I'll see you again

[Verse: Toni Braxton]
I would have bet the Dow Jones if then compared to our fun, yeah
Imagine how crushing it was for you say I was not the one
(I didn't mean it girl, sorry bout that)
My friends say I was in denial
Defendin' you as a perfect friend
Now new rumors have risen up (psst psst psst psst psst)
It's you again...
Now all I can say

[Hook - 2]
Farewell my lonely one
Nothing else that can be done (So hit the freeway!)
I don't ever wanna see you again (sing it girl)
You didn't do me right so
So long, goodbye, goodnight (So hit the freeway!)
Maybe in some other life, I'll see you again (bridge)

[Bridge]
Now that you've left me
Crazy you upset me
You only could have kept me
But maybe you didn't get me
Oh, to pioneer, discover, explore and cover, the world as we know it
But you had to go and blow it!

[Verse: Toni Braxton]
Damn, it's been so long since I head your voice last summer
To be honest it made me smile when I seen you number
(Hey baby, you know I miss you, ha-ha)
Baby tell me why I should reconsider being your friend
Maybe some day in your dreams my love
You could say, "damn it's you again"
Now all I can say

[Hook - 3]
Farewell my lonely one (Farewell)
Nothing else can be done (So hit the freeway!)
I don't ever wanna see you again (Don't wanna see you, again)
You didn't do me right so (Do me right baby)
So long, goodbye (bye bye) goodnight (So hit the freeway!)
Maybe in some other life I'll see you again