[Hook]
No I’m not a hipster and no I’m not a skater
I love myself some skater chicks so tuck her cause I take her
See ever since I was a boy, always had a Hyperspeed
Want me to apologize, sorry I’m just being me
All you little bloggers and you Internet gangsters
I love it that you talk about me I just want to thank ya
See ever since I was a boy, always had a Hyperspeed
Want me to apologize, Sorry I’m just being Me

[Bridge]
All you little bloggers and you internet gangsters
I love that you talk about me, I just want to thank you
See, ever since I was a boy, always had a hyper speed
Want me to apologize?
Sorry I'm just being me

[Verse 1]
This is like a glitch inside your system I could cut you quick
Got you looking at your speakers, thinking who the fuck is this
Got you picking up my rhythm, cause it is disgusting, shit
And for the life of me..
(Yo Chuck, hit the people with the hyperspeed!)
I ain't ever have a fucking leash on my neck
Im a beast you can bet, so at least you respect it
Even if I die, and I'm bleeding from the eyes
[?] Can't believe I'm alive
And the reason why I lesion nigga they wanna kill me
And still be the real me, you can't heal me
I'm going in a dash, any song, any spaz
Get a long, never wrong, King Kong in the flesh!

[Bridge]

[Verse 2]
I woke up to so much of the same
So much blow up in my brain
No what, so what, I'm insane
So just go up and remain
Caught up in what I bring
Watch me do my fucking thing!
Nobody nice as me
(Yo Chuck, hit the people with the hyperspeed!)
Maybe you could say that I'm a little bit arrogant
All that means is that you don't understand, and this is Arabic
Since I got a torch, Goddamnit Imma carry it
Grab a hatchet and bury it in your back
Thats it
Anger rage, playing games
How can anything stay the same?
Please be careful when you say my name
My aim is pain, so stay away!

[Hook]

[Bridge]

[Verse 3]
No ones prepared for me
I guess I need some clarity
But when I make sense, I swear to me it's scaring me
They keep on daring me, apparently the light is beat
On fire B, ight this sweet
(Yo Chuck, hit the people with the hyperspeed!)
Every narcotic that's on the market, I done did it
And quit, and be sober while I'm living
It's my decision and I'm sticking with it
I'm determined to be the sickest living
Did you get it?
I done made my sacrifice
To be the cat you like
Are you satisfied?
And if I have to die, then please believe my battle cries
I'm being me!

[Hook]

[Bridge]