[Hook: Pharrell]
It must be tough
Seein' yo' boy doin' the same shit
Ridin' around in things you can't get
With the window down, puffin' like it ain't shit...
It must be tough
It must be tough...
Seein' the glare from my chain and wrist
Me and 20 goons lookin' dangerous
Errybody paid, all doin' the same shit
Countin' money nigga
Tens, twenties, fifties, hundreds
Tens, twenties, fifties, hundreds (Countin' money nigga)
Tens, twenties, fifties, hundreds
Thousands, thousands
It must be tough

[Verse 1: Game]
It must be tough watchin' a nigga ball like Carmelo
My cars is all yellow, my broads is all yellow
What's wrong with y'all fellas? Fuckin' up my inner Chi
Used to be my Ace, now you wastin' my Hennessy
The remedy for haters is crap tables in Vegas
That crack ain't gettin' it lately
I'm stackin' that paper, baby
Maybe I should get a maybe, or maybe I should call Baby
My cash money is crazy, I crashed up my Mercedes
Bought me a Ferrari, the license plates say "Sorry"
The insides safari, the paint job Amar'e
When the sun hit that bitch, man
Bounce off them 24's and land on my wrist band
You better keep your arm on yo' bitch, man
Or you gon' be Jamal Crawford - sixth man
Comin' off that bench man, and it's a shame man
Yo' bitch gon' make it rain up in here

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Game]
I brush them haters off, like "fuck outta here"
Open up my garage, pull that Porsche truck outta there
Like "fuck outta here, I'm up outta here"
Jump on my hog, throw on that Rough Ryder gear
I'm a rider, yeah, I'm a roller bitch
I might be through with Benz', like here, hold this 6
I get money with the players, they duckin', dodgin' Feds
For my bread, bring the lead, cause I'm sittin' on the edge
Actin' like I don't get it, actin' like I don't hustle
Actin' like I don't Diddy, actin' like I don't Russell
Then you wonder why I be, actin' like I don't trust you
If you ain't with me, then fuck you, next time I see you, I cut you
How mad was you? Cause last time I felt the negative energy
Nigga, I could have snuffed you
Bye hater, cause I'm feelin' like Jada
We. Gon'. Make. It

[Hook]

[Mysonne & Pharrell]
How many cars we got nigga? (Thousands)
How many cribs we got nigga? (Thousands)
How many hoes we got nigga? (Thousands)
How many times we told y'all? (Thousands)
How many goons we got nigga? (Thousands)
How many guns we got nigga? (Thousands)
How many haters we got nigga? (Thousands)
Damn... It must be tough

[Hook]