[Intro]
(*Mystikal's human door opening*)
Poof, oh no not you, fuckin right bitch
Uhh, what uhh poof, fuck, jump round jump
C'mon jump, jump, jump round, jump jump

[Verse 1: Mystikal]
I ain't got no mo ass left BITCH I rapped it off
You just ain't gonna have no more head after I snatch it off
What in the fuck is you thinkin?
You can't do shit if you stankin!!!
Keep on thankin if I say it then it's done
I give a fuck what you bringin
Cuz my dick still gon' be swingin
You here those fuckin choppers cuttin niggas, run nigga!!!
Hike nigga, hut one, nigga want some?!
Ain't nuttin to fuck ya up, representin where I come from
Fronts and brown blunts, you oughta get down some
Recognize a fuckin killa when you be around 'em
Valiums and speed but we don't do weed
Steroids and alcohol, still a fuckin athlete
Cock strong with my jock strap on with the time clock
Bout to run the rock home
Yo' ace boom coon in the hole in the clutch
In the pocket on the field, without gettin touched!!!!

[Hook x2]
Uh oh here I come, here I go,uh oh, jump round jump!!!
Watcha wanna do?!
Watcha gonna do?!
Let me know girl, jump, jump!!!

[Verse 2: Mystikal]
You get tackled by the style I'm usin
I got all of my adversaries cruisin for a brusin with contusions
Cuts and lacerations, broken bones, and open sores
Ripped spleens, sprained ankles, and broken nose
I'mma bust the microphones I rip on
I step on the stage and get my grip on
That's when you get stiff armed
It's on and I'm the shit homes!!!!
I fucked around and lost count of bitches I put the dick on
My alter-ego and its cool when I talk to P
They fuckin call me the home-town hero
I'm the center of attention, topic of the discussion
It's understood they already know without me sayin nothin
It's been like that since these niggas been down here wearin badges
I'm off the heezy, I'm the reason for this pimp rap!!
So stuck on myself sometimes it's like I ain't got no mind
I say fuck it dawg and go for the crowd like the goal line!!

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Mystikal]
Nigga you just like ten yards, always the first down
Be the first motherfucker off the bus but be the last nigga to clown
Ol' sometime ass nigga ol' fake regular regular
Everyday common-ass no drama-ass nigga
I keep these niggas sippin on super dick and advil
Punishin they motherfuckin ass and keepin it dat real
Ain't nothin you can do to keep a nigga off the score board
It's fourth and four - FUCKIN RIGHT I'm GOIN FORWARD!

[Hook x4]

Jump, round, jump
Jump, Jump
Jump, round, jump
Watcha wanna do?!
Watcha gonna do?!
LET ME KNOW GIRL, JUMP, JUMP!!!