[Directed by Ryan Craven & Bryan Chong]

[Intro]
Alls my life I has to fight, boy
Alls my life I...
Hard times like, "God!"
Still trynna get my
They still hate the kid
I'm fucked up
Homie you fucked up
But if I got us
Then we gon' be alright

[Hook]
Yeah, we gon' be alright, we gon' be alright, we gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright
Yeah, we gon' be alright
Huh? We gon' be alright
Uh, we gon' be alright (Real shit, real shit)
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright (One take)

[Verse 1]
Uh, take time, never from the block, no Glock on the waist line
Been through mad shit, had to work a late grind
Being broke with no ambition be like watching paint dry (Dear God!)
You gettin' money, then they hate you, but if they broke they poke fun and degrade you
In the end theres no winnin' these days
Don't trust 'em, never impress 'em, I press 'em and overdress 'em
Lil B with the pot, still wrist flickin'
Your whole crew with the flock, you some big chickens
When I was 3 I watched momma work about 3 jobs, we was trapped, life felt like a big prison (Momma!)
When she died I had'da let her know her kid listened
Worked hard, showed the game what this shits missin'
All the followers you got ain't big business
Trynna talk shit to back it up? Then fuckin' think bigger, holdup
You should know
I been hurt, been down before, boy
When my pride was low, lookin' at the world like where do we go? (Boy!)
They wanna stop my shine, tell me that I fell right off, but I had to take a break
Made too much history and opened up doors and I had to close mine because you boys couldn't wait
Mall thugs hatin' at the food court
Tweet about me, you should tweet less, do more
Nowadays you'd rather type it on social, because you fakers never take shit too far
And everybody got opinions but they really just assumptions and make 'em public but they ain't trynna understand nothin'
If somebody do their thing, we're always quick to judge em
Then you preach "be yourself", hypocritical bullshit
I don't care what the next man do, but if the next man hate, then the next man food (Pause!)
But We don't fight another next man crew, I'm tired of all the violence, you're the next man's brew
You thinkin' fightin' be the answer to your everythin', preachin' all your social media and protests
In real life you just yap about a next man and talk shit about people you don't know yet
That's why I don't stress about you guys (Boy!)
Team by my side, family yeah we gon' ride (Boy!)
Let 'em all debate, talk shit, get loud, yeah we'll be straight
I just get money, double funds, and I care about everyone and show a good amount of love

[Hook]
Bitch, we gon' be alright, yeah we gon' be alright, we gon' be alright, we gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright
Yeah, we gon' be alright
Huh? We gon' be alright, we gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright