[Intro]
Ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ‘skeetit

[Verse 1]
Cookin’ up Ramen after school time (school)
Store bought shit with a sprinkle of thyme (thyme)
Ricey bipolar, change like tie-dye (tie-dye)
One day he tryin’ shoot you, next day he fine (grrah)
Throwing up on the court, too much Popeye’s (Popeye!)
Sean really tryin’ sang but that ain't really fly (nah)
Won’t let you roll in peace, jailed up like Tentacion
Who told you drop the bomb?, that’s Kim Jong’s job
Reheated rice, apartment lights
Shared bed (bed), hair lice (lice)
Control your bro Chris (control him), he eat too much, Chris (he eat)
Four wing orders and chips (four order), please stop the man, Chris (yeah)
Many wings, VR things
Pulling strings, for a lower ping

[Chorus]
Keep watching me drop fire, where’s your promised mixtape?
Stop eating dogs in the nighttime (Ay, ay, ay, ‘skeetit)
Sean tryin’ sang but that ain't really fly (nah, nah)
Sean tryin’ sang but that ain't really fly (nah, nah)
Sean tryin’ sang but that ain't really fly (nah, nah)
Sean tryin’ sang but that ain't really fly (nah, nah)

[Verse 2]
Henry gon’ take an intermission, cool it down a notch
Thanks for the master sword, gonna whack you in the crotch
Every time you rap you botch, career on timer, watch (watch)
I’m sure to get any enjoyment, gotta chug the scotch (ugh, ugh)
Gochujang help, stop, yeah, keep bragging’ but don’t got a track (nah)
Bet you regret dissin’ me for multiple reasons (woah!)
You can cook burritos, but no one present said whoa
Always asking if you can pay me back, loser broke (ha!)
Continue watching me, you study my moves but can’t copy me (can’t!)
Loser Monopoly, remember when you lost six thousand?
No AP, class, weird for your Asian ass (aa!)
Listen to Keith Ape (yeah), bet you’d enjoy vape (aye!)

[Chorus]
Keep watching me drop fire, where’s your promised mixtape?
Stop eating dogs in the nighttime (ay, ay, ay, ‘skeetit)
Sean tryin’ sang but that ain't really fly (nah, nah)
Sean tryin’ sang but that ain't really fly (nah, nah)
Sean tryin’ sang but that ain't really fly (nah, nah)
Sean tryin’ sang but that ain't really fly (nah, nah)
Sean tryin’ sang but that ain't really fly (nah, nah)
Sean tryin’ sang but that ain't really fly (nah, nah)
Sean tryin’ sang but that ain't really fly (nah, nah)
Sean tryin’ sang but that ain't really fly

[Verse 3]
He eat up rice with curry chicken, he still ain’t fly
Release the birds from the Ramen, at least let them fly
Whack you up in my backyard
Make sure that you die
Of course before that the mission is giving you a black eye
The horror smelling from your cookin’ create dead guys
Not tryin’ discriminate, but to see success, open up your eyes
Play football for the school but can't run for shit
When you play Madden, only way you win is cheats, no whit
Why you keep tryin’ touch me
And say I’m sugartits?
You’re so damn stupid, fat and male London Tipton