[Intro: Pharrell]
(Get down!) Niggas and bitches (Get down!)
You are now listening to (Get down!)
The real (Get down!)
And that would be (Get down!)
Clipse, the Neptunes (Get down!)
And the new label (Get down!)
Star Trak!

[Verse 1: Pusha T]
Top down, chrome spinning
You see the boss grinning, I'm loving these damn women
I let two get in, she tried to let the rest fit in
I'm like, "Naw love, that's forbidden"
I ain't for squishing, that's a problem to the wheel well
Trust I know them 20's real well
Now we coasting, me, two chicks, and toasting
I turn up the volume, watch the bass get 'em open
Soft spoken, with a wild side
I love 'em in the ride, they lovin' the ride
We was moving bodies before we hit the party
Before the DJ started cutting (I was already fucking)
Cinderella'd you girls; from nothing to something
Hit the parking lot, hear the club system thumping
Lose the face, you two's was great
But it's to the V.I.P., I got new moves to make

[Hook: Pharrell]
When the last time you heard it like this?
Smoke something, drink something, get ripped
And make the girls in the party just strip
Move ya ass, girl
Only if you know you live
From the club to the parking lot
How many chicks can you fit in that ride?
Put 'em up, homie

[Verse 2: Malice]
Hey, it's just a day in the life
Club nights, one of the reasons I love life
Chicks be in the back tipsy
We gets in for free—"Ay, they with me"
Two stepping, you see each crew repping
Slipping on the floor, mirrors and walls is sweating
Shorty in my ear say she got a thong on
And I love how she move any time a song on
I like that ma, you do something to me
Come this way and prove something to me
Fast or slow, she got the right moves
And I got the right dough for any date that I choose
I'm open, but naw, I don't lose focus
If the shit jump off, you know the thing that I'm toting
But I'm only here to party, y'all
Carry every weekend like it's Mardi Gras

[Hook: Pharrell]
When the last time you heard it like this?
Smoke something, drink something, get ripped
And make the girls in the party just strip
Move ya ass, girl
Only if you know you live
From the club to the parking lot
How many chicks can you fit in that ride?
Put 'em up, homie

[Bridge: Pharrell + Kelis in background]
Yo, you are now listening to the sounds
That are vibrating your speakers
Please do not be alarmed
It will not hurt you at all
For it is the real
For all my real niggas and bitches

[Verse 3: Pusha T]
When they say "last call" it don't mean the night's over
It mean it's time for her to show ya
How quick she can hop out those Gucci loafers
Pin her ass to the sofa and attack the chocha
S&M chick, asked Pusha to choke her
But I thought about how rich I am and said, "No sir"
Chick was crazy, gave her crazy space
What did it the whip appeal, or my baby face?

[Verse 4: Malice]
The night's still young and I'm already leaning
Cruise through the lot on the deuce-2's gleaming
The liquor in me and I don't need a reason
Obnoxious with the women, hot tucked in the linen
I pull up, let her get in, she know from the beginning
She added to the list of them chicks that I done been in
Her head spinning and my head spinning
Mine from juice and gin and hers from neck and chin and
I'm a winner, man

[Hook 2X: Pharrell]
When the last time you heard it like this?
Smoke something, drink something, get ripped
And make the girls in the party just strip
Move ya ass, girl
Only if you know you live
From the club to the parking lot
How many chicks can you fit in that ride?
Put 'em up, homie