[Intro: Pete Rock]
Let's go, let's go!
Jamla
Pete Rock!
Khrysis
How we're doing, son?

[Verse 1: Pete Rock]
It's a new day, new way
My hand's on the bottle
When your beat sound breakable
Something like bottles on the cobblestone
I carved my name and made it known
The boy wonder if it's Pete Rock, let's take it home!
For all my Gs who love real shit, you're not alone
A little world wide supporter set the tone
To stay in my zone and just try to...
The music hot, like pepper on the steak, kid!
Just like the nine mil' stripped you down naked
Funny style, nigga claim you're real, but you're fakers
Take a journey on my globe, trying to show you all seasons
Learn a thing or two for obvious reasons
Lay it down on the line, that part of my rhyme
You can die just my story and put it in your mind
A free spirit and complete design
Like I told you when the world was mine
The good times so defined
Fast break past the pill
No tricks in twenty tricks, it was time to bill

[Hook: Pete Rock]
And the motto is be inspired and not tired
And keep making beats and raps that cause fires
I'm not tripping, homie (aha)
I'm not tripping, homie
And the motto is be inspired and not tired
And keep making beats and raps that cause fires
Not tripping, homie (aha)
I'm not tripping homie

[Verse 2: Lecrae]
What if reality is faster than your third eye vision?
And our life is way more than what we see and we hearing?
When our heroes and our heroines all on heroine
Our inheritance is way more than the stuff they peddlin'
That American melatonin settles in
You fall asleep, only to wake up inside of hell's den
And that's connected to the kitchen if you pay attention
You never buy a wolf ticket to a snake convention
Meaning that if you open your eyes, you won't have to buy lies
But you couldn't pry em' open if you tried
That's why I pray!
Our worst enemies be dressing like the best of friends
And our killers be our next of kin
Yeah, I know I found the only way out of this mess we in
I'm done guessing, done stressing with the rest of them!
God is who I'm resting in, and I ain't sweating it!
It's living legends on this thing and they done let me in

[Hook]
And the motto is be inspired and not tired
And keep making beats and raps that crossfire

[Verse 3: Rapsody]
So ahead of my time, they're saying I'm 34
Momma she with the climb working on some awards
No celebrating tonight, till I own a Grammy or four
Diss to me what's the recipe, talent work at the courge
Put me in a force, make my own path, fuck a forbe
I'm a lane above anyone could probably touch commodores
Naturally high, most of you naturally lie, what for, huh?
Whenever in my corner, not everyone swear they sure, man
That I'm the best, or I'm close, or I got the gift to be
Duck, duck, goose I'm plucking off all my enemies!
Rolled up in a Honda now, I'm busting in the Acura
Yeah, I'm trying to be parking that Audia black backwards
Those are my list, and they're still talking about a list
Only thing left to talk about, everything else for shit! (oh my God!)
Bow down on my Benos, ain't gotta flaunt a ego
Niggas thinking they spitting, I'm 3000 below your ice cold
Reunited with illness, now cast of this real shit
And if you don't feel it is cause you saved it for your feelings!
I live life with no ceilings, I'm on top of my game
Spitting cane, codeine, say I'm dope, leave no remains!
Buried on one by one, and that was just for some fun today
They pray for forgiveness, my momma said that's the righteous way, yeah
That's the righteous way!

[Outro: Pete Rock]
Come on, come on
That's how we doing shit
Let's get it
Khrysis on the beat
Pete Rock
Ooo!
Yeah...