[Verse 1: Rapsody]
My guard up nowadays, I don't trust nobody
See what you glorify, I could probly guess what you think about me
What you want from me? Cause you think I got it
Old friends I ain't seen in years be like "Don't forget about me"
That's some other pressure, enough to stress you out
How you gonna save a whole city and you ain't got your mama out?
Questions I ask myself, in my shoes how you pick and choose
To refuse the help when they never loved you neither
But you do it just to keep the peace cause jealousy is evil
Peace less frequently, you just wanna be a needle
In a haystack, hard to find
Protectin' sanity cause all we got is peace of mind
And if you did believe, don't get tainted by the shine
Who are you? The one that get love from that nigga that go "doo, doo, doo!"
Say I'm doing big things, reciting "Gimme the loot!"
But who are?

[Hook: Merna]
When the party's over and everyone is gone
When the world is over and we're all alone
Are you a believer? Are you a believer in my Lord?
Are you a believer? Are you a believer in my Lord?
Will you be around when it all comes down?
Will you be around when it all comes down?

[Verse 2: Rapsody]
My guard up nowadays, I don't trust nobody
What's true if niggas are lyin', you ask Bill Cosby
Allowin' you like Bill Cosby, I be on some shit
Drinking wasabi, watching Miyagi tryna learn to split
Cause family miss you but time's an issue when they 6
14, 7, 9, you look to 'em for innocence
Everybody's intent ain't the same
Dependin' on perspective, I could be the bad or the good Bane
Backstab you for not lettin' you ride the back of this train
On my coat cause everybody's infatuated with fame, man
I got a feeling that they really don't love me
I got a feeling I'm too dark so they think that I'm ugly
I got a feeling family think I've come into some money
So I've got a feeling I've got new cousins coming to find me
I got a feeling I'm bout to find out how precious time be
I find out everything about time and loyalty from a cosign
And I got a feeling y'all don't know where my mind is
Got a feeling there'll be less questions about how I been
Got a feeling change is comin' in climate and I don't mean rain
Or somethin' holdin' myself up to a promise
Lookin' at reflection tellin' "myself don't lose you
Don't move too quick, be cautious what you walking' into
Be ready all times, the levee might break
Chevy's 'll shake when they hear the shit that I gotta say"
Uh, stakes is high, my folks is poor
My people proud, they live through me
I love 'em when it's said and done I gotta expose my peeps
Cause it's real

[Hook]