Now they say I'm iluminaughty
Drown me on my own... but I'm not here
When I come to the... I'better the baby step...
But only devils up there...
... from out of here
Another strategy... I shut him like our... is here
My devil matches is like...
This are the nights some...
You realise you're a super women you bump the...
I'ma... baby love I don't relate with...
Most career are rapper I'm just trying to be around
When they told to be... I'mma stanb it
I amke sure I'm beggining
I rick and I'm winning
... but I'll be all I need to know
I'm on with soem bigger fish
... but they ain't... with the...
Shop a... to bring the artist inspiration
You are my favorite thing and... as my ilumination
If youew in the basement keep your focus high as...
Evil look will they give you when you'll finelly gonna make it
My greadfather was an amazing star
Was born to be amaze
... might be shining like...
Still thouging my middle finger to all the races
If there is healty birth
And being black is all of my...
Ha ha how you pray for...
... bicth you have a dollar
A long walk to my freedom that will make equal
Only know a couple people that really flow as equal
I eatyou with this... par your body for you and many people
... this is it for you
We'll have the funeral and all they...
But I'm burning oil inthe soil
I'mma need a loyal just to colect all the...
Friends ain't loyal...
And the street is shady...
Getting smaler try to stay away from...
Is here then you know it's hotter then the...
Walk in the samepath and... it's all the niggas inthe eighty's
Disrimination still alive with faces still on here daily
Fuck it I gotta drive for all the girls is now babies
They be about to see a girl crazy
I'mma spap for the...
On some king shit...
... I'm fine to go whatever the... shit
Now I shut in ocassion...
Pushing me to the... more... to get relase with
Make shit, nigga gonna need that when I'm done here
... the challange don't need shit
I wandr if one day you'll call me the female rapper
I don't give a fuck like they lied on the...
And the truth and the light so your days looking darker
I'ma G that young
Feel pain like an accident
From memorise I hold up
High as a...
Don't cares for women
Rapping as taste that...
I remeber you when I'm pushin that cold...
Ignoring your phona calls when you doubt me
Hating to my face now you wanna be proud
I walk in the same...
Cath em in the shadow now we spring botles
And you... to the square you want a piece for the...
No way, flow better
Start better then... I'm hotter then...
In August oposes step...
No Christmas story to give us...
On you nigga scream glory
Like... in the forest
Told you I was in the...
We will make up teh difference and...
Little light and might be...
... they pary to the divine...
Forgive me from my since Father killin my only crime
My favorite rapper call it in time...
... we gonna rock
Will do it and how gonna stop me
See with no defence no...
Of an African deep...
Please smile for everything to...
... like every see...
Slow killing me this nigga so arogants
It's a... that I can handel man
Light balls on phsico...
I'm killing this nigga with hiow should I start with
... like I... I interupt
Kill the motherfucker with lyrics
They can't recostruct
Like two towels and two...
I can shine like a...
No got it they can rum with that sqare
We take over that... ruller...
And in that rule shit...
And higher like I lie... if I die like biological...
... will be there...
Rather continuke with big boys and big steps...
And one... step one with that...
Just be running you too...
... from the way I now react
Black American gangster Frank I kill that
You feel it
Chill, chill... flow... you feel that
Chill, chill... flow... you feel it