[Intro]
I am an open book now
Got a few chapters written down
Still a few to go
Couldn't think [?] coming down till I say so
I think you'd better wake up now
I think you'd better wake up now

[Verse 1: Rapsody]
Hello, hello, what up, what up? (mmm hmm)
You know a girl around the way that rocked with so and so and so?
The cute one that be rollin' round? You know he fine as (mmm hmm)
But word I heard they broke up, he was messin' round with so and so
And her and her was goin' at it, check your timeline (mmm hmm)
Girl this morning gossip wild and I ain't had my o.j. yet
Lord, check your twitter, you readin' what I'm readin'? (mmm hmm)
You know the one that we don't know but that ain't been in these streets
But they fighting in these streets, you see that video girl? (mmm hmm)
Ok ok you need to talk, I got you girl just please hold on
I know I'm nosy, there's always drama going on (mmm hmm)
Oh wait, I'll call you back, you won't believe what I just saw
Girl, so and so just went and told so and so (mmm hmm)
Don't know what started the beef but know they'll post it later on
My snapchat poppin', girl your snapchat poppin'? (mmm hmm)
Oh right, you wanna talk, you got some problems to get off
Ok meet me round so and so at five or four (mmm hmm)
I'll tweet it, it's no secret, add location so they'll see it
Where we are and what we eatin', you know how it go (mmm hmm)
But talk to me, what's up with you?
Girl, what, can't be true
Damn yo that's crazy, you should post that on the (mmm hmm)
Cus' that's the wave nowadays, everybody show they moves
I know that's different than our code, for real girl (mmm hmm)
The homies, streets, my momma said don't tell our business, no no no
But I gotta feel it and keep up with it, you know (mmm hmm)
Oh wait wait wait wait wait, wait hold on (mmm hmm)
I gotta tell 'em when I wake up, gotta show 'em what I eat
I gotta tell 'em where I'm going and explain why I got beef
Gotta talk smack to these rappers, we all fans of underneath
Gotta tell 'em when I shit and tell 'em when I go to sleep
Gotta snapchat with my baby and if I did smoke weed
I probably snapchat that too, you know how it go, please
Even the police on instagram, where the hell are you?
Wait a minute, I got a DM from my boo (girl!)