They try to get closer to king like Allen Ivy
The track make a chick... like...
Running through the rivers it springs in back alleys
Who there: The city. Hope God is with me
The spirit grab me by the collar lights
Problems will follow me to the crib
Make strong holler the weak go squealin' to the pig
I'm from where stealin' is the everyday product of where we live
And givin' away your goods is appealin' feelin' the fifth
They will kidnap ..baby back pay me back
My baby is the murderer as maniac
So maybe that not quite .. on the way we act
When i stay the facts, this game is a gift
Let’s should have stayed .. I treated like ..26 and i take it back
..the way i love the .. can't’t crack
They will never make an .. for that

Hook:
Set it off let if off, get it off
Set it off let if off, get it off
Lord rush they ain’t doing nothing with me
If you really want it be a .. better come get it
Set it off let if off, get it off
Set it off let if off, get it off
When you’re sick of playing games
Switch lanes like a race track gambler
So much to say but never to my face
If it ain't’ in my agenda they rape me on my ..
And the beauty of the .. never in perfect place
I disgrace for the .. I’ll be fighting for every day
..nigga show ass ..glass in the window begging nigga for it’s ..
Never want it in my .. i suppose you niggas forgot him
Left the .. to recognize great the hands too much bad
They couldn’t recognize the base of your face was a hitter
As balls they never had a .. i’ll lead home .. stop a career
Hit to the face ..my nigga call like the .. i was only so don’t fuck with em stuck with em
I bring your .. start that i often fuck you niggas stuck with me.. on mixttape
Everything that is work is rap
..back with the force run ..
Attacking the .. imagine me and my team ..
Taking all that you for the worst the whole track
Take it to the .. tell em ..for the words that ..take em off
Role that’s crashing the .. favourite ..verse got em all luck
Come .. best up..
So fuck up ...
They like .. is time to set it off
Set it off let if off, get it off
Set it off let if off, get it off
Lord rush they ain’t doing nothing with me
If you really want it be a .. better come get it