[Intro]
You hurt
She got you mushy
You mushy, you mashed potato
She got you like a wet napkin and you in your feelings
You hurt

The, the, the pain
Of giving
Grows deeper, grows deeper
Grows deeper, grows deeper
Grows deeper

So you come out your mama's womb shaped by her pain, but it's the pain that shapes us and then you go out into the world, life happens, you see horrific things, people do horrific things to you. Hurting people hurt people, sometimes even our parents call us out on our names, you know. So when we don't talk about the things that we have witnessed, the life transitions that have occurred, when we don't talk about it...

[Verse 1: Rapsody]
The, the, the pain
I fail to understand you nigga
Grew up with you niggas, you all grew up with each other
Why you shoot at niggas? You can't fight?
Throw a right? Duck a swing? What up with y'all?
Know you got some pain, but come on my nigga
What happened? He called you out your name?
A bitch, a fag or somethin'?
You ain't different from each other, why you even frontin' homie?
You ain't really 'bout that life
You don't wanna go to jail, you don't wanna lose your life
Real niggas don't kill brothers over a pair of Jays or Nikes

[Verse 2: Rapsody]
The, the, the pain
Of watching us kill each other
And watchin' them kill each other
Know all of us don't love us
And some of us think it's corny
To call another a brother, or call a sister a queen
Who messed up your self esteem, my nigga?
You ain't gotta live or die by the trigger
You ain't gotta hide your pain in bottles of liquor
The world'll never ever understand this dilemma
Oh, the pain nigga

[Verse 3: Rapsody]
The, the, the pain
Of black men disrespected by the world
No peace at home, disrespected by the young girl
No emotion for fear of being weak
They human just like you and me
Chill for a second, chill for a second, breathe
No asthma pumps, they grab, spill plasma
Girl don't you see, he need you by his side week
That don't make you weak shit baby
I understand your pain nigga

[Verse 4: Rapsody]
The, the, the pain
Of black women disrespected by the world
Too much attitude, anger
We ain't supposed to love our bodies
Fuck you, I know what you think about us
Overlooked by our own cause we ain't exotic
America been suckin' our titties too long
Mad they can't break us, America we too strong
I know the pain, frustration, all the lies, deceit
The love of watching a mother beat a child in the street
Oh the pain of it

[Verse 5: Rapsody]
The, the, the pain
Of a man who never knew the man that made him
Weren't man enough to raise him
Teach him how to raise his fist
When others tripped, or how to shoot a ball
Look a man in the eye his emotions and all that
Teach him how to survive a world that don't give a fuck about him
Oh the pain, no one to teach him the game of life
How to piss in toilets right, how to respect another man
While they runnin' gangs and them triggers bang, bang
All fuckin' night

[Verse 6: Rapsody]
The, the, the pain
Of a daddy's girl without a daddy
Look like daddy, daddy absent
Want a man to fill that void
She yellin' at him 'spank me daddy'
Daddy wasn't there to pay, she try to fill it with his thang
He ain't got a daddy neither
He don't know how to really please her
Break her heart, no daddy for her to run to
Or him to have some fear for her
Protect her walking down the aisle when she meet Mr. Right
Ain't no daddy if he mess up and threaten his life
Pain

[Verse 7: Rapsody]
The, the, the pain
Of a mother who went half on a baby
And got a whole lot to deal with
He peaced out, she piecing it together by herself, shit
Look this real pain, the only one at his games
The one she can make between work and shit
Tryna make excuses why his dead-beat absent
Pain knowing she can't take the pain away, hard truth
Only scar she can't banish for her baby's love

[Verse 8: Rapsody]
The, the, the pain
Of a man that wanna raise his child, love his child
Baby mama crazy, she don't never let him see his child
System treat him fucked up, money, money
Always treat his mama like the victim
Pain in his ass, she make it hard to do the right thing
It pains him, he can't be around for his offspring
She lied to his child, grew up calling fucked up
The pain knowing he won't ever fix what she messed up
Pain

[Outro]
Our so called Leader said they'd speak for the people
The, the, the pain
From giving
Grows deeper, grows deeper