[Part I]

[Chorus: Heather Victoria]
'Cause he's... The man...

[Verse 1: Rapsody & Heather Victoria]
Of the house since his dad left, wake up, days feeling stressed
No stability, every year got a new address
Never change the view from this window, he seeing mad arrest
He saw his homie's death, same age, same story
Questioned God, wonder why he would take a such young shorty
It ain't even 8:40, already he thinking poorly
But still he's the (Man)
His mom trust him now to lock the place down
Feed his younger brother and sister, make sure they both lay down
'Fore she home, can't be on the phone, gotta wake up early next morn'
He don't have a lot of fun havin' to be so grown
At night he pray the world just throw him a bone, tired and stressed
His grades suffer now and they don't know about home
So his teachers on his back again and don't own Foams
Kids pick at him, now he feel he need those to belong
Daydreamin' 'bout a life livin' just like Puff Combs
On his walk to the crib he always hear several blown
Tryna think positive, but everything's wrong
Why his daddy can't be at home and be the motherfucking (Man?)
Now he gotta a little plan
He can sell a few rocks, maybe make a few grands
Take his family and move 'em and expand 'em to better lands
And be the motherfuckin', and be the motherfuckin'
(Man)

[Chorus: Heather Victoria]
He's... the man...
The man...
He's... the man...

[Verse 2: Rapsody & Heather Victoria]
Yo, so he got money and stayed, but ain't get out
Got a new whip now he pushin' worth 50 thou'
But his mom, brother, sister still livin' in public housing
He the man though, gotta put food in all they mouths
His dad skipped, now he's the one to provide they outfits
They won't get picked on like he did, under the couch is
A 9 milli', he gotta protect the fam, silly
Under circumstances he living to be the man really
Dad dropped by out the blue, he said "Damn, you ain't the (Man)"
Look what I did fam
When you ain't bother I stepped up to be the man, man
Now I'm the (Man)
Be out, yo, this my motherfuckin' house
See, I'm the (Man)
Around the way, I don't respect ya
You just clown to me, yo, I reject ya
You gave me all this pressure, I wasn't even a freshman
Since 13, man, shit, dawg, I been the (Man)

[Chorus: Heather Victoria]
He's... the man...
The man...
He's... the man...

[Verse 3: Rapsody & Heather Victoria]
Yo, now this street life got him running, he always thinking 'bout the (Man)
And now he sets the scene of what he saw when he was ten
Out the window, while he sat thinking like (Man)
I wish It could better, man
I could be a doctor, a teacher, a lawyer talking evidence
Or I could be your weather (Man)
I had dreams and plans but gave it up to be the man, see
When my father didn't bother, well, now I'm the (Man)

[Chorus: Heather Victoria]
He's... the man...
The man...
He's... the man...
The man...
He's... the man...
The man...

[Part II]

[Verse 4: Rapsody]
Come on family, take some time... Hmm
I pray to God you get it soon, I use Vidal Sassoon to clear my head
Shower and devour stress, I chose to wear a dress today
I got small breasts, but I love me (But I love me)
Do you love me? (Do you love me?)
He says yes he does, I'm his everything (Yeah)
I don't think love's in a wedding ring, it's a business
And I hear both sides lose interest
What's endless has an ending
And I'm thinking damn, is this you and me one day? (You and me one day?)
I don't wanna fade away (F-fade away, f-fade away...)
Like a history, rock and roll, hip hop now but so-so- soul
Soul is what y'all singin'
Long as they payin', to newborns just a day in
Gotta make their life amazing
Don't let the TV raise 'em, raise 'em, raise 'em
Tell 'em how we black as ravens, ravens, yeah
But they hatin' and they shoot us
When we march, they call us looters
Citizens, go get your Rugers (Get your Rugers)
Yea, used to have  a peaceful mindset
But nowadays peace won't come and justice or a bomb threat
Is how I feel
I need God to heal my heart
How we s'posed to not fight back?
Now we s'posed to not wage war?
I pray to God you get it soon
Another afternoon, different day, same story
More convos in our living rooms, huh, nah, we don't need Maury
Yeah, confirming all your lies (Your lies)
It's hard to tell our babies they don't care about our lives (Care about our lives)
Ask us why, why, 'cause why, they ask us, they ask us, why, why, why, why, why, why?
They ask us why, why, why, why, why, why?
They ask us why, why, why, why, why, why?

[Outro: Children]
"Why don't people like me because of my color?"
"I don't understand"
"Why am I different?"
"Why doesn't my life matter?"
"I'm just like you"
"I'm no different"
"I'm a good kid"
"I like to play"
"I like to hang with my friends"
"Why is the world not in peace?"
"Yes"
"My dad said"
"When I get bigger"
"I have to be really careful"
"Around police"
"But why?"
"I thought police help us"
"I don't understand"
"I don't understand"

"Hello"
"I just want to say hello, mhmm, okay"