[Intro (audio from Lost)]
Hurley:
How do you know how to do all that?

Sayid:
I was a military communications officer

Hurley:
Oh yeah? You ever see battle?

Sayid:
I fought in the Gulf War

Hurley:
No way! I got a buddy who fought over there. He was in the 105th Airborne. What were you: Air Force? Army?

Sayid:
The Republican Guard

[Verse 1: Rapsody]
Doubt'll kill a man but I am not a quitter
That's for suicidal niggas grippin' pistols
Couldn't give a shit if I overdosed on Pepto Bismol 'bout what you think "successful," nigga
Shit they stressin' bout? I ain't even stressin', listen
A long journey, but at least I'm deeper in my mission
If yesterday is a positive then I'm stickin' with it
Instant gratification seems to be a problem with us
Most rich niggas take losses for they see a million
So why we question if it take a while for us to get it?
I'm askin' questions broke niggas got no answers to
At least broke niggas who ain't got ambition like we do
For the summer I sat and pondered on my winner moves
'cause when it all falls, they leave, at least I still got you
Appreciate your confidence for not leavin' me, baby
Having conversations with myself, but I ain't crazy
I'm just a winner, nigga

[Verse 2: Kadesia Woods]
There's been so much that I've learned in my past
Reminiscing on the things we didn't have
It taught me to grind and it taught me to dream, I cherish every memory
So when you tell me you're proud that I've come so far, it hurts to know where I've been is where you still are
Oh I'll keep fighting 'til you're right here with me
Oooh, and I'mma give you the world because you're more than worthy
And people laugh at my dreams, but I won't let them kill me
Mmmm, I can't stop 'cause I got people dependin' on me
And their prosperity's the only thing that matters to me

[Verse 3: B. Russ]
I left what was seen for what was unknown
Strayed away from the vision and path, but alas: the prodigal son's home
Tell my family and friends, raisin' up the God within
Optimistic as Sounds of Blackness when that record spins
I've see plenty stuck on the bottle like a broken cap
Compromising on who they follow, all a coping act
It's killing season, target tattooed on my open back
Still saying race ain't an issue? You must be smoking crack
Stress on the daily, grey my roots like Alex Haley
They'd kill me before they jail me, devils try to derail me
But praise be to Allah, success an odor, you smell me
Could care less if you sell me, nothing that you can tell me
Trials, they purify, bare witness: supreme fitness
I will never give up, never say "never" except this instance
All I ask is for your patience and forgiveness on this narrow road to riches
Winner's circle make an entrance, gone

[Outro]
(Instrumental)

[Added Outro]
(Instrumental)