[Verse 1: NH]
I can't believe this nigga snaked me
But now he gon' hate me, but I'ma get him back
No matter how long it take me
Said 150 cash, should of knew that shit was shaky
Should of knew that shit was phony
And he claimin' he my homie
He clamin' that he "A1", claimin' he my "Day 1"
My youngin' told me, those the type of niggas you stay away from
So, let me call my youngin' up, tell him load them gunnas up
Tell em if we see him any where, then we runnin' up

[Talking: NH & Santos]
Hello?
Yo Youngin'?
Wassup wit you dawg?
Aww man, caught me slippin' man
Man, what Hospital you at?
University of Penn
I'm on my way down there right now
Strap up

[Verse 2: Pook Paperz]
So the word on the streets, this nigga lived
I gave him every thing and put 1 in his wig
But, fuck it, shit, it is what it is
All this money that I'm makin', I'll just put it on his head
Get him hit again
Ain't no fuckin' way we ever gon' be friends again
Can't let him bend me, and I ain't goin' back to pen again
I'm pain in full like Ace now, wit them benjamins
But I gotta learn from what Rico did to Mitch and em
I know the hospital that he sittin' in
Rock about to hit me wit every name that visit him
I got the drop already and he don't even dig it yet


[Verse 3: Santos]
Dam H, wassup wit you? You let this nigga get you?
Snake ass nigga got you layed up in the Spital

[Verse 4: NH]
Yeah, this nigga caught me slippin', he trippin', he gotta die
And we gotta kill em first, he prolly know that I'm alive

[Verse 5: Santos]
I can't believe he did you grimy, I told you them nigga's slimy
But, I'ma kill em for you, that's word to this MAC-90
And, I don't care who wit him, when I catch em, I'ma drop em
The goons strapped up, just tell me where we could find em

[Verse 6: NH]
Lets see, he from SP, 23rd & Pierce
Most likely on the breeze, you'd prolly could find him there
He drive a new (?), no tint and he keep a strap too
This nigga shot me, so you know he ready to clap you
His youngins', they be strapped too, you better do your homework

[Verse 7: Santos]
It's cool, everybody from the 3rd to the (?) gettin' chrome work
Don't even worry bout em, I got em, I'm on this nigga head
I swear I god, I ain't goin' to sleep until this nigga dead
And, if it come down to it, I'm runnin' in his crib
I'ma pistol whip his fuckin' mom and I'ma kill his kids
I ain't playin' wit this nigga, it's goin' down tonight
Fuck waitin' till' tomorrow H, he gettin' down tonight!

[Verse 8: PNB Rock]
Yo Pook, wassup bro? Remember when you hit me up?
About such and such? It's funny bro cuz guess what I see? It's this nigga Santos, he think he run the streets
I over heard him say you're slimy and how you did "H" grimy
How he got this MAC-90 and he can't wait till' he find you
This nigga slipping bro, don't know I got the drop
I can kill him right now bro, how much you said you got?

[Verse 9: Pook Paperz]
Well, from the rip, I made a cool buck 50 off the lik
And 10 jawns, I sold 2 "Ps" for 36
Got another 6 left laying around that we can split
As long as you guranteed to stick him in a ditch
Shit, I need him clipped

[Verse 10: PNB Rock]
A 100 "K" will get that nigga killed today
I got something that's gon' make that nigga fade away
Potassium Chloride, lethal dose injection
Needle to that nigga neck and he won't even feel it

[Verse 11: Pook Paperz]
Nah Rock, just sit tight for now, let him be
This MAC-90 he keep talking about, let me see
My youngin' "SS" keep a "SK" that curl like the letter "C"
He from West, I'll hit his top from the bottom
Knocking him down a (?)

[Verse 12: PNB Rock]
Say less, nigga, nigga say that, his homie don't play that
Your folks and I'll off him especially if it's bout a paycheck

[Verse 13: Pook Paperz]
Know that, my nigga, we ain't got no rap
Especially cuz we know his every move like a low jack

[Verse 14: Santos]
Dam "H", I can't believe that I missed this nigga
Man, I put that on my life that I'm a get this nigga

[Verse 15: NH]
What the fuck you mean you missed him?
You were supposed to walk up and give him every single hollow
That you had up in the pistol
That wasn't official, you was supposed to get the job done
He's supposed to be a dead man, you let that nigga live? Dam!

[Verse 16: Santos]
I know, but they had the drop already
They was on my top already, when I went to spin the block
Them niggas' had them choppers ready
Before I could let go, they was throwing shots already
Somebody must of gave them the word
They whole block was ready
I'm trying to tell you, its something fishy going on
But, if he don't die tonight, I'm a kill him by the morn
I ain't got no rap, I'm taking them niggas to war
I was just giving you the word, I'm bout to get back in the car

[Verse 17: PNB Rock]
Hey, Pook? Fuck them niggas' mean?
Fuck them niggas' mean?
Got the drop on the (?) beat 16
"H" visions fucked up, heavily sedated him
Got the silencer for "Tos", I ain't gon' play wit him

[Verse 18: Pook Paperz]
Fuck "Tos", it's in the grave for him
But "H" (?) wait for him, before I kill him
I wanna see that look on his face
I brought the FN's and the Larkins out
Fuck talking, walk him out
I'm in an tinted next to his car in the parking lot

[Talking: Santos & PNB Rock]
Dam man! Fuck! Can't believe I missed this nigga man, shit!
Hey sir, hey listen, you gotta calm down sir
Let me escort you to your vehicle
Hey doc, fuck all that shit man, I ain't wit all of that right now man, dawg
Let me escort you to your vehicle, sir you don't want the police to get involved, let me just escort you to your vehicle so you can calm down, sir, everything is cool
You got a cigarette?
Yeah, I got a cigarette, you smoke newports?
Yeah man, damn
Everything is cool man, calm down
I'm cool man, I'm cool man
What vehicle is yours?
Right there man, right there next to that white minivan right there
Shit wasn't out there before I came in this jawn, man, I'm out
Alright, you have a nice day sir

[Talking: PNB Rock & Pook Paperz]
Hey, Hey, Hey, Pook!
Yo?
That nigga bout to walk to his car right now bro
I see ya'll now
Yeah, yeah, he walking there right now
Smoke him
Alright, I got you, say less

[Talking: PNB Rock]
Hey sir, sir sir, excuse me sir?
Before you go, hold on
Got something for you pussy

*gunshots and screaming*