[Hook: PnB Rock]
Party At 1, Party At 1
Lotta Drinks, Lotta Drugs Yeah We Had Fun
Woke Up This Morning I was thinking bout you
Girl last night I had a dream about you At 1
Party At 1, Lotta Drinks, Lotta Drugs Yeah We Had Fun !
Woke Up This Morning I was thinking bout you
Girl last night I had a dream about you

[Verse 1: Nizzy Strawz]
I woke up this morning I was thinking bout you
Smoking dope getting faded sippin' lean about you
Met that ass up in the party baby girl was going brazy
Had that shit on it the party and that ass was looking crazy !
DAMN!
Let me fuck you out your makeup, eat the pussy wit cha' legs up
Me and shawty going way Up
We making love then we lay up
Ima take my lady court side
In that foreign whipping Sports Drive
Selling cocoa I'm a Coke Lord
We be flexing they like oh , Gawd!
Flippin pies yeah I got the dough
Try to take it let the semi blow
Bitches fucking with these lames
Niggas broke ain't got no change
Girl I'll have you rocking Jimmy Choo
Girl I'll have you in that presidential
Skirt off in a foreign switching lanes
WE ON OUR WAY TO THE PARTY!

[Hook 2: PnB Rock]
Party At 1, Party At 1
Lotta Drinks, Lotta Drugs Yeah We Had Fun !
Woke Up This Morning I was thinking bout you
Girl last night I had a dream about you At 1
Party At 1, Lotta Drinks, Lotta Drugs Yeah We Had Fun !
Woke Up This Morning I was thinking bout you
Girl last night I had a dream about you

[Verse 2: PnB Rock]
Oh yeah
Woke up I was thinking bout you girl
Last night I had a dream about you girl
Wya right now ? Wassup?
Girl I love the way you turn up!
Especially when you off them drugs
You gone make a nigga fall in love
Yea ... I just wanna know..
I just wanna know..
I just wanna know yeah!
Am I tripping what I'm doing ?
I met you at 1 in the morning
We was in the club, we was turning up off the dope and the lean we was going in!
Now you got a nigga thinking bout cuffing
Its crazy how I say that shit like it ain't nothing
When I ain't into that I got too many hoes
Girl I ain't into that & you already know!
Girl how you do that, got me stuck on the low
Bitches in my phone I don't fuck with em though!
Its crazy how we just met , at this fuckin party

[Hook 3: PnB Rock]
At 1, Party At 1
Lotta Drinks, Lotta Drugs Yeah We Had Fun !
Woke Up This Morning I was thinking bout you
Girl last night I had a dream about you At 1
Party At 1, Lotta Drinks, Lotta Drugs Yeah We Had Fun !
Woke Up This Morning I was thinking bout you
Girl last night I had a dream about you Yeah !