Dept. of Rec. ft. MF DOOM - “12 Steps 'Til Doom”
[Emcee(s): Adam 12 and MF DOOM]
[Producer(s): Stape Mega]

[Verse 1: Adam 12]
OK, the first mistake you made was opening your mouth
And when the piehole expanded, another kid came out
[?] through original repping
With new styles verbatim, [?]
Secondly, you sniffing me is known for feeding the style
Didn’t bother, wasn’t worth the while to take a timeout
Basically, you took your rhyme out, written on paper
The same rap you used before, the same rap you’ll use later

[Verse 2: MF DOOM]
You’re just playing.  You like your father be
Like when he be on some, “Get out of here, kid.  You bother me”
Like an old dog, no new tricks, please
He needs a quick fix to ease these hoes.  His dick’s teased
By high noon, we’ll see who got the quicker draw
Twist up a sycamore from door to the liquor store
Hell and back.  Who got the dro?  I got the L, black
Emailing Adam 12 and tell him, “Bring the twelve-pack”

[Hook: Adam 12 and (MF DOOM)]
I’ll watch you take your first step, (follow with eleven)
Twelve steps ‘til doom, (twelve steps ‘til destruction)
I’ll watch you take your first step, (follow with eleven)
Twelve steps ‘til doom, (twelve steps ‘til destruction)

[Verse 3: Adam 12]
Another mad important aspect you be lacking is
Controlling your intake of oxygen when you’re rapping
Basically, you hacking, far from clear passages
[?] like you ran a marathon while having asthma
Speak the destruction when you ain’t saying nothing
Entertaining to read, but trying to explain something
Science terminology, there’s no creativity
Absolutely devoid of all originality

[Verse 4: MF DOOM]
No matter how hard you try, you can’t shift the sinners
Some cats get it like the opening night jitters
Or maybe not.  This flow is like a rabies shot
To hip hop.  Rappers is on my nerves like Baby Bop
This style I keep piled up
The type of shit, when I spit it, it get the crowd riled up
On stage, still got it and nice with mine
With a potbelly like Captain Kirk for Priceline

[Verse 5: Adam 12]
It’s clear you aged in mind, that you’re back here
Happening trends cause distaste from last year’s
Wardrobe you spent figuring—more so
Than actually practicing on rap styles and more flows
Now you go ten levels deep for your weak show
But your lines ran wrong—that’s what the snare is for
That’s what the drums there for.  Heard of basslines
That pace time?  I guess not—that’s why you waste mine

[Verse 6: MF DOOM]
Me and the mic is like best of friends like the
Egghead cat in class who never stresses when the test end
Root for the home team, shoot for the dome, gleam
He’s so clean—not only with term but roam the scene
Of the rhymes.  I suspect foul play
Plain as day is how, now, “Brown cow,” I’ll say
Nowaday example how we stay ill as Illadelph
It’s only the end of the world—chill, don’t kill yourself

[Hook: Adam 12 and (MF DOOM)]
Ayyo, I’ll watch you take your first step, (follow with eleven)
Twelve steps ‘til doom, (twelve steps ‘til destruction)
I’ll watch you take your first step.  (Follow these instructions)
Twelve steps ‘til doom (fuck up your functions)
Ayyo, I’ll watch you take your first step, (follow with eleven)
Twelve steps ‘til doom, (twelve steps ‘til destruction)
Ayyo, we’ll watch you take your first step, (follow with eleven)
Twelve steps ‘til doom, (twelve steps ‘til destruction)