[Sample]
We die young, work old. Come back and work when I know what I'm working for. Does that make sense to you?
I've got a feeling if I let this chance go by there'll never be another one for me. So... So I don't think anyone will mind if I just have a go at it!

[Verse 1: Pat G]
Yes!
I know I'm not the best but certainly I'm not the worst
My crew back in the day was just so diverse
Common interests coming together starting off the verse
But slowly fall off as you get immersed
Skating round the block was fun for some sheltered kids
Breaking many rules, it felt like we never did
How come I stayed the same, as they left and skid
Why was I thinking further and complex with it
Making merch and production like we'd really known
In reality trying whatever because we hadn't before
Switching lanes and meeting others as we grew older
Really regret that I didn't act bolder
When who you want to be and are comes around
Make sure you always keep soul when you look deep down
Currently talking about myself from who I am now
Dedicating some music to the becoming's when and how
Most'll find it easier to follow the crowd
You're creating your own demise, how will you stand out?
This is tuning, in, to reflex sound
Being myself and no one else got me ahead leaps and bounds
Friends don't always stay if you're an individual
The fact of the matter is that I only care for the residual
Sometimes being a good person seems so simple
Gotta keep the mindset for when hope is little
So much time on my own you could get used to the silence
But I keep music playing so it's never quiet
Taking time to develop the mind, gotta have some patience
When you see the truth through the lies it's hard not to say it
So use your time, blow your mind, just don't get too possessive
Sharing knowledge with the listener call it music with a message
Doing this since I haven't before
Tryna see what's in store
All the fans wanting more
As for that you'll have to see for sure

[Sample]
I'm afraid I'm not as anxious as I might be for the things that most people work towards. I don't want too much money

Yes but what is the answer?

Well I don't know that's what I intend to find out. The world's changing out there, there's enough new and exciting ideas running around. Some might be right and some might be cock-eyed but they're effecting all our lives. I wanna know how I stand and where I fit into the picture, what it's all gonna mean to me. Find that out sitting behind some desk in an office... well as soon as I find enough money together I'm gonna knock off for a while

Quit?

Quit for as long as they last and try to find out who I am and what goes on and what about it, now while I'm young and feel good all the time. Try a little blind faith for a while won't you?
Come along with me