X-Ray Da Mindbenda ft. MF DOOM ft. Pebbles the Invisible Girl - “Doomsday (X-Ray Da Mindbenda Remix)”
[Emcee(s): MF DOOM]
[Producer(s): X-Ray Da Mindbenda]
[Vocals: Pebbles the Invisible Girl]

[Intro: Pebbles the Invisible Girl]
Mic check
When I was led to you
I knew you were the one for me
I swear the whole world could feel you emcee

[Verse 1: MF DOOM]
Yo
I used to cop a lot, but never copped no drop
Hold mics like ponytails: tight and bob a lot
Stop, stick around, come through and dig the sound
Of the fly, brown, sickled, sicko psycho who throws his dick around
Bound to go three-plat, came to destroy rap
It’s an intricate plot of a b-boy strapped
Femstat cats get kidnapped, then release
A statement to the press, let the rest know who did that
Metal Fist terrorists claim responsibility
Broken household name usually said in hostility
Um... what is MF?  You silly
I’d like to take “Duns to the Death” for two milli’
“Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo!”  That’s an audio daily double
Rappers need to fall off just to save me the trouble (Yo)
Watch your own back.  Came in and go out alone, black
Stay in the zone, turn H2O to Cognac

[Hook: MF DOOM]
On Doomsday, ever since the womb ‘til
I go back to the essence and it say it on my tomb
The unmarked grave, “Yeah, it’s DOOM”
The one they call the Super like the super light hair groom

[Verse 2: MF DOOM]
He wrote this one in B.C.D.C. O-section
If you don’t believe me, go get bagged and check then
Cell number 17, up under the top bunk
I say this not to be mean, wish bad luck or pop junk
But pop the trunk on C-Cipher Punk, leave him left scraped
God forbid, if ain’t no escape, blame MF tape
Definition: “Supervillain,” a killer who love children
One who is well-skilled in destruction as well as building
While Sidney Sheldon teaches the trife to be trifer
I’m trading science fiction with my man, the live lifer
A pied piper holler a rhyme, a dollar and a dime
Do his thing, ring around the white collar crime.  Get out
My face, asking ‘bout my case.  You need toothpaste
Refresher mint, monkey-style nigga the Dentadent
And dope fiends still in their teens, shook niggas turn
Witness, real mens mind their own business
That’s the difference between sissy-pissy rappers that’s
Double Dutch, how come I hold the microphone double-clutch
C.O.’s make rounds, never had ox found
On shakedown, lockdown, wet dreams of Fox’ Brown

[Hook: MF DOOM]
On Doomsday, ever since the womb ‘til
I go back to the essence and it say it on my tomb
The unmarked grave, “Yeah, it’s DOOM”
The one they call the Super like the super light hair groom

[Bridge: MF DOOM]
Doomsday, ever since the womb ‘til
I go back to the essence and it say it on my tomb
The unmarked grave.  The streets said, “DOOM
All he need is some elbow room, some head room”

[Verse 3: MF DOOM]
Some M-er F-ers don’t like how Sally walk
I’ll tell y’all fools it’s hella cool how ladies from Cali talk
Never let it interfere with the Yeti ghetto slang
Nicknames for nibbling tip of nipple: Metal Fang
Known amongst hoes for the bang-bang, known amongst
Foes for flows without no talking orangutans
Only gin and Tang guzzled out a rusty tin
Can.  Me and this mic is like yin and yang
Clang!  Crime don’t pay.  Listen, youth
It’s like me holding up the line at the kissing booth
I took her back to the truck, she was uncouth
Spitting all out the sunroof through her missing tooth
But then she has a sexy voice, sound like Jazzy Joyce
So I turned it up faster than a speeding knife
Strong enough to please a wife, able
To drop today’s math in the 48 keys of life
Cut the crap.  Far as rap, touch the mic
Get the same shit a Arab will do to you for stealing
What the Devil?  He on another level
It’s a word!  No, a name!  MF the Supervillain!
Doomsday

[Outro: Pebbles the Invisible Girl]
When I was led to you
I knew you were the one for me
I swear the whole world could feel you emcee