[Intro]
Yo Sabi, it’s your time to shine man
Get on that stage and eat my nigga
Main dish and sides my nigga
For real

[Verse 1]
Hi mother fucker it's me
I in wasabi, ladies say I'm swisher sweet
Interior leak, now exterior hella fleek
La la la like the ladies brow I see
Shit I say is a monolog of my life
Some scripted parts I don't like
Fuck tired of being nice, Im acting out tonight!
Had a cliterous I use to dittle with uh
Now I have no cliterous to dittle with bruh
The struggle is real, the pussy distill
Like the smoke that I kill, I'm missing some meals
Im munchie as fuck
Hitting the store, foodstamping it hoe
Im hella scrub
Slicing my foes if they coming in close
I’m Anime
But still remain anonymous, if I rocket ship my dick in your sarcophagus; In her mouth is my monolith fuck...
A mami or papi hieroglyph, only thing I deposit in is your mouth or this rubber bitch
On some real shit

[Hook]
Cause I dont love you, but I’d like to fuck with you if thats cool?
Na, I don’t love you but I’d like to fuck with you if thats cool?

[Into for verse 2]
Damn Sabi, you wild mother fucker
Quit tryna get your dick wet you silly nigga
Walk around like you running shit for real;
But anyways I wanna see some hands up high
Put your hands in the mother fucking sky
I want to see some lemonade face in the crowd
Instead of seeing a mummy face staring me down
I want to see puffs of weed, and hella drink, Now Sabi tell me what you think

[Verse2]
Nigga please, pussy ain’t no want it’s what a nigga needs
Bitch please, you need some dick if you acting bitchy
Finesse me, you could never do that with my pedigree
Illest line of decent, my nigga
Realest nigga alive up in this bitch, my nigga
Fuck an assist, I just killed this shit my my nigga
Hit you like kidney (stones) in you’re liver
The crowd is my witness
Life impounded my vision, but I’m out here to get it
Are y’all fucking with it?

[Hook ]
Cause I don't love you, but I’d like to fuck with you if thats cool?
Na, I don’t love you but I’d like to fuck with you if thats cool?
Uh, I don’t love you but I’d like to fuck with you if thats cool?
Uh,I don’t love you but I’d like to fuck with you if thats cool?
Is it cool or not?