[J. Mack]
Roll up, Nigga!
Who's matchin'?

[Ted Roe]
Gut bucket...
XXL...
You know we gotta roll 2...
...at least!
Maybe 3 or 4

[J. Mack, Repeats throughout]
BLUNTS!

[Ted Roe]
Well, well, well...
Sounds like it's time for cypher, let’s go to Mel Kypher
Blunt rotors like motors on your windshield wipers
We got rello's, glass, some papers, even got a vapor
Black Sticks, Black Ops, 2K12, grenade grater
Break ‘em all down, Nuggets ground into shake
13 Purple G’s, call it Throwback Lakers
Had 24, but for scratch I'm a scraper
And stay chopping trees like a fuckin' landscaper
Mr. Rogers flavor, whiff, you’ll wanna be my neighbor
Scholar of The Wu and pump the 40th Chamber
Method to my madness, a crime rhyme strangler
Kind to snatch your brain out your ass with a hanger
Library of rhymes like I slang outta Sanger
Pass to my partner, Power Rangers to Bangers
I burn like a range, and with Mics, I'm a mangler
Made in Jeep City like a 4 Door Wrangler
Roe!

[G. Money Wright]
As I pack my bong with that sticky weed
I realize Mary Jane's the only bitch I need
Spark that lighter up nigga, let's get blowed like Sheed
Comin' down off the dro, I got that need for speed

[Ted Roe]
Well, I'm Chairman of the Swamp, like Kermit the Frog
Never rollin' up pins, stay rollin' the logs
It don't matter, bet it's fatter, so don't sweat it like hogs
Produce flame, I'm glad you came cuz the rooms bout to smog
It might get coughy, then groggy, slimy and slobbery
Ask "What's The Swamp?", I tell yo' ass "Where my MOB be"
Bout as black as coffee, twice as strong
She told her man to his face my dick's twice as long
Mr. Sexual Choc'late: watch me get in them thongs
And if he's mad, then it's on, now he feelin' he's strong
He'll get snapped like a stem, let him get at me wrong
Royal Flush all his paper, that's the shit I be on
Then swiss cheese on that ham, like I'm Jimmy & John's
Stay rollin’ with the thunder like a carpet of bombs
Still travel back in time for my hit off the bong
I'm Randy Watson: droppin' Mics when I finish my song

[High C. Wright]
Roll it up, that Loud, I don't do the Miller (No Reggie...)
Back to Back, that shit we blowing is some killer (Some Fire...)
I'm Godzilla off hard liquor and a stick of Haze (That Purple...)
My eyes low, I'm fucked up when a nigga blaze (I'm Gone.)

[Ted Roe]
I was rappin' to this bad lil Texan
Said she liked my rhymes and the way that I be flexin'
On to the next, she was down for the sex and I
Zoomed on the boom, like I'm Wrecks'n'FX and
Womb to the Tomb, I proclaim to be best and
Anything less is just the game and it's tests
If a clash is your quest then you came for a mess
Cuz while you came with a vest, I don't aim for the chest
Bring pain to your neck and demand my respect
Cuz I ain't came in this game for the fame and the stress
Ask around, I gets down and the lames I molest
And the 419 is the lane that rep!
Got cess? Let me test and feel the flame in my chest
Not a flame like Madea, but a, flame like the reefer
Got stains on my sneakers, Top Frog Under Glass
First you pull, then you puff, then you pass...
...and that's the grass

Roll. That. Shit. The. Fuck. Up!

No Hoovering. No Hoovering. No Hoovering

[J. Mack]
The Blunts, Blunts, Blunts, BLUNTS!
ROLL UP, NIGGA!