[Claire Huxtable]
You better handle it, because I handle it
He's gonna smile and say "No Prooooblem!"
...and I'm gonna have to kill him

[Theodore Huxtable]
Hey, I know

[Cliff Huxtable]
You know what?

[Theodore Huxtable]
...What you're gonna say. And it's under control, so...

[Cliff & Theodore]
No Problem!

[Cliff]
...Right

[Ted Roe]
Fuck Alvin and Simon, the fat one was mine...
If you ever had jokes, just know you came with weak lines
So I took a little bit of time out of my day
To formulate a rhyme, get shit outta the way
Start my own food fight, then mop up the cake
So coming at me bout some Pudding gets you popped in your face
Then you can shake yo simple ass on like Jell-O
8 outta 9 times, the most cool and mellow
Kept A-B Average as a Bright Young Fellow
Still hit the head shop, tryin' graduate from 'rellos
Gang’s Dirty: no Mushmouth or Harold
Just Clink, Hulk, Dink, Mack, Reed and Guerrero
His Eye's on the Sparrow: I leaped out that Lexus
Still miss The Jimmy, glad I didn’t break my neck
But I'm back like cooked crack, A6 is the Audi
Keep a spoonfuls of Chocolate for a Butterscotch shorty
16 over 40, when he had me, I'll gladly
Ask who you sonning, cuz a Ghost is my Dad, see
It’s Back to the Future, I was dwelling in the past
The New Public Enemy, they're taking megablasts
The development was slow, but the progress will be fast
She plans on sweating out her hair because like Keith, I make it last
Queen Jean, says I'm nasty for the lines I use
"Look, Ma, I'm Teddy Roe. Nasty's Nas, you're confused."
She used to make me bruise, I would cry and get over it
Now life gives me blues, I get high and get over it
Focus in my mind, magnitize checks like Hova gets
Swamp's ugly duck, mud in my webbed toes and yet
I'm flier than a Black Swan, drier than deoderant
So you can say I'm fresh, but I'm already sure of it
Every time I rhyme, guarantee they ask for more of it
MC's son, take a rapper, wipe the floor with it
Terminal flow, gets sicker without knowing it
We're copping it and growing it
Cropping it and smoking it, Nigga!

[Cliff Huxtable]
Theo... that's the dumbest thing I've ever heard in my life!
Now you are afraid to try because you're afraid
That your brain is going to explode
And it's going to ooze out of your ears
Now I'm telling you, you are going to try as hard as you can
And you're going to do it because I said so. I am your father
I brought you into this world, and I'll take you out!