[Verse 1]

Alright, friends, you must be trippin
A bunch of wacky-ass clowns, are you Krusty's children?
That's hella great, one-two, man my stuff is wicked
Don't hestitate, kung-fu, I'mma bust these chickens
Must be the sickest, man, my throat is itching
Don't have a lotta policies, but I'm opposed to bitching
I'm like a -- drug dealer, never closed to business
And I'm iller than a pillow of a hoe with syphilis
Even the childrens know the flow's ridiculous
Really though I am really bored and I am growing sick of it
The daily minefield, Lord of War like Nicholas
I am going to spit whatever my tounge will hit me with
They say I am crazy,  that's a load of gibberish
Aw, you see a flaw and I am supposed to give a shit?
Nah, Because I know that what I show is riveting
Am I the greatest? oh well, hold on man, lemme think
I have to say Yes ma'am - affirmative
Even though my background screams that I am a white suburban kid
Listen to me and check those tight-ass words I spit
I am not one to sit there, I am defiantly stirring the mix
The school is out but you are not over learning shit
And the sting of knowledge son it is going to burn just a bit
My soul is golden you are not golden you are silverish
So riddle me with it, who's the boldest villain there is?
That is me I am glad we agree
What can I say man, gee All you chalengers flee
I am like the RZA mothafuckers you are apalling to me
And you know what? I got no friends, you all are just enemies

[...]

All you misognystic weirdo fucks talk about nothing but... fucking bitches, doing chicks , screwing females, banging babes, pounding girls, boning honeys, porking sluts...
That is not my style, that is not my style at all, wanna know why? Okay, I tell you why:


[Verse 2]

'Cause I don't fuck bitches
I am more considerate - I hug bitches
And ask them how their day went
Was it fun bitches?
I got heart, beating so strong
That my lung itches
I am such a gentleman
Her cunt twiches
I am a hunter-gatherer so really, fuck fridges
I roll a fatty and I burn it - you're in motherfucking luck, briges
Life is a bitch and  the slut is frigid
And fuck Death, 'cause she isn't giving up the digits
But this is ist man, I gotta live it
I am like motherfucking Earth, man, I got to pivot
I will be winning for eternity not a minute
But not this moment, 'cause my stomach's
Got about a dozen bottles in him...
And pretty soon, I be vomiting 'em
It is sucha shame though cause so much alcohol was in 'em
A quick sneeze and I am back on my feet, asking for weed
Taking a puff, and I am back for dinner