[Intro]
When are they gonna turn on the lights, daddy?
Right after dark, Amy, it'll light up the whole lawn!
Will it light up the whole world, daddy?
Light up the whole world?
Isn't she adorable?
Light up the whole world?
Light up the whole world?
Light up the whole...?

[Verse 1: MF DOOM]
Ouch, what rhyme with gout?
Wild ass childish rappers that need the time out
Wash they mouth out with Bronner's for showin' out for sponsors
No doubt, scout's honor
Cut off allowances and take away they toys
You think that's harsh? It's even worser for the boys
Whoop that ass in front of your friends
Then drag 'em by the earlobe like, "Don't do it again!
Now get to them chores or else you can't hit the blunt for a month
And you're grounded, no outside, no out front
Grown folks is talkin', don't even mumble!"
Watch 'em run away from home and come back humble
It's too much sugar, and start to hyper act
Schemin' on a snack, look like someone needs a nap
Real MCs fuck that
Whiny pisspot rappers and snotty nosed clubrats get slapped
Off they monkey bars in this riddle ruckus
[Ahem] little mufuckas
When are they gonna turn on the lights daddy?

[Verse 2: MF DOOM]
As in on stage or lyrical might
Contrary to bias towards age or physical height
They need to go fly a kite light to get high off lifelike
Instead of playin' games, Excitebike
Slow down buddy or things could get ugly
Runnin' behind on 'er like chicken chested Dudley
Out here doin' the darndest things, hysterical
How they got through the kindergarten is a miracle
"Get back up in this house!" a grandmama shout
Wanderin' through the hood in tight pajamas with they ass out
Strollin' by, rollin' eyes like hater
Face and fingers sticky and dirty from icky Now & Laters
Give 'em a mean look, that's my word
The belt is right here, be seen and not heard
Pssht, respect your elders, tell your sisters and brothers
The whole world's watchin' y'all's little mufuckas

[Outro]
Will it light up the whole world, daddy?
Light up the whole world?
Isn't she adorable?
Light up the whole world?
Light up the whole...?