[MF Doom]
This is a public service announcement
Be careful
It could be a warning (it is a warning)
Watch out for the mild mannered
You need to be careful
Safety first
The streets ain't no joke like that
You might see him with a small attache case come out 'cha neck

Get caught like.. Klaow!! Well then, there now
Blaow, outta nowhere, the dunce couldn't prepare for how
Got scripts, whipped up all the quicker
The one who came to the party, sipped up all the liquor
Who they gonna stick the blame to, that he came through?
With this verse to name a few, tame a shrew, shame you (ooo!)
When he spit, the phlegm grapple
This type a script cats don't like, like them apples
Yes Lord, track sorta like a chessboard
Even better than having a motorcycle escort
Allow me to retort and do my thing
Metal Face ho's with tongue and ‘o’ lease eye ring
Greased lightning from the flow pro-trainer
Who remains on the slow, this one a no-brainer
Like blow in a strainer - hold the mic like a handle
A distress to damsels, a piss test vandal
We all do dumb stuff like rappers act psycho
Press the wrong switch and get your shit crushed like Geico
Out to get Rich like Little Old Roundtree
From fist to the stitch of the gun he sold brown tree
How y'all found me? A penny sure goes far
This one goes out to you know who you are
Got many more rhymes in jars like plenty more
Whore war stars that's twenty four bars

[Kurious]
Drinkin', fuckin' for days straight, wait, this a hazy state
Rhyme is on time but, I'm five minutes late
It’s like Tutankhamen, or a kid graffiti bombin
The Hieroglyphical Bin Laden
Twisted your shit, pardon (Fuck you!)
That’s the movie that we started
Bitches don’t get a dime, see me I ain't doin' time
At least for no dumb shit, continue to climb
Like a small-talk rhetoric character’s been on my nerves the whole time
I fall back, lookin at me funny
Psst, bitch I’m all that –
Remember, pull a chrome hatchet on that ass and yell "Timber"
I ain't the player prayer, just a fuckin member
People buggin' "Kurious, where ya been? I heard he rocks"
Beatin' (???) sinkin craps with city cops
Clip your balls and put 'em inside a birdy box
And trade a bottle of Cristal in, bitch, 30 shots

[King Geedorah]
No one overstands, it ain't nuttin sweet yo
They need to go back down to Earth with Dennis Tito (space cadet)
”The flow is really neato” said the street ho
He said “I already know.. but how you like the beat though?”
(Ow Ow)
Use your better judgment
Pockets stay pungent - ask him where the budget went
We got receipts like Jeats
In these mean streets that stomp like cleats
He couldn't have it any other which way
One thing he do know is they flows is itchbay
These is like Old Bay on steak fries
Stay foldin fake guys, stay rollin snake eyes
Flip quicker than Woody Wood Pecker would
Either in the hood, or peckerwood neck of the woods
Like, like out in these here parts
Cause King Geedorah puts fear in they hearts
Don't dare start