[Intro]
Fuck your couch, nigga!
Buy another one you rich motherfucker!
Fuck your couch, nigga, Fuck your couch!
Darknesses! Darknesses!

[Verse 1]
Sitting on the porch chair, today I just don't care
Grab my friend's phone:''Hey! Do you have any porn there?"
Overheard by female passerbys, there goes that long stare
Fuck ya'll bitches and your glowing hair
Fuck your shoes and your gear , pierced boobs and your ears
Fuck your blues and your chop'n'screws and your rock'n'rolls
My genre is indie-folk-low-fi-post-weird
I'm beloved and ignored, most loved and most feared
I'm a white European boy, best belive it boy
So much weird in my lyrics that I'll never be employed
Latest ploy - fuck Freud with a phallic-shaped toy
Ask him for analysis, while my phallus is showing
Never been rich or piss-poor, Is it wrong?
Always low self-esteem, like "wht'd I get that kiss for?"
Then my ego exploded. Explode
Suddenly feeling like God when he's blowing his load
On the face of his favourite Pope, screaming:"baby, choke!"
Then he's sucking on a blunt, laced with his favourite dope
Screaming quote: "Fuck Africa! I'm gonna leave them broke
Whole world is a pile of fucking dirt, semen-soaked"
Don't get mad at me, that's what God said
Just grasp the fucking concept, ask a man if he's got bread
Money is the tool of Satan, plotting revenge
I hope I convinced you. Leave your money to me, then
Leave your belongings and pretend
That you're a grown man and you are using reason
And if you think I'm lying and that I am thieving
Just grab your fucking phone, man, and call the police then
I'm a fucking walking God
I don't care if you believe that my thoughts are fucking odd
Actually, I'm proud of them, I'll go in the ground for them
I guess that being smart is a lost fucking art

[Hook]
FV, food villain, call me, call me Filip
It's alright, It's alright
For the next minute I can just slow that shit down

[Outro]
Spell so good, my pronoucing is awkward
Feet go ahead, but my mind is running backwards
Squeeze her head, she's like ''ouch, that hurts''
Throw my love away, take out the trash girl
I'm an assturd, batard and rap nerd
May lack love a bit but I never lack words
There goes the blood, bring the morphine back, nurse
Now I'm whispering ''Nevermore'' like the black bird