Part 1 - Iris

[Verse 1: Infinite Sidd]
Forget a Bugati, I woke up in a chariot
With a married prince-ess, yes
Put the story together like Christ-mas
Fix the bread, paper, then you get the cake, I'm
For the fake hate, you KKK?
Mayday, payday on the Mayflower
A decade late, oh look my chain flyer
You came looking today, but I'm a chain higher
Keys open doors, but door get bigger
Same high as before, still a broke ---

Go figure...
How Sidd disfigure...Those bodies with this finger...
Shaking his eyes, he past tense
Meaning he mad, and you past tense
Over here's the future - Open and deliver
Strike out the bat hoping you would catch it...
He batshit, no captions
It's the massacre as he battle on
Everybody get down, he can't stand the law!

[Interlude]

Part 2 - Heart

[Hook 2x]
Indestructible
In her fucking whip
She knows she's coming back
I just wish I'd hit...

[Verse 1]
Fuck the beat! Still resentful
Got a flow? Yeah, I've got like ten more
Look there where he goes, and that pen oh! He's marvelous
Not of this Earth, he's god-sent
I don't mean to condescend, but that's when I learnt I gotta spit
And them feelings spill into the millions 'til this realm is hell, I'm done with this
Mudafucka...

Back to the story, why don't you call me
A pro in the pussy category at the least?
She leaves, leaving his heart on the green leaves, he smokes memories
You swore you would never leave
Ivory never met her ebony, and I never met her before, but I sorta remember her like a clever metaphor
She split

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Living this life, with little to no ice
Don't gotta see to know eyes, I got deceit, don't go bye
Conceited so I gotta swell pride
Puff up that chest, 'til it's inside your heart
But instead of your chest, I'm spreading you apart
Lift ya legs, let me stick it in, baby girl
Alcohol in, haha
Let me liquor a bit

[Interlude]

Part 3 - SpaceTime

[Hook 2x]
Walking down the street, with a look on my face
Suggests I'm down, but I'm feeling alright

[Verse 1]
Dear God, I hope you listening
I just wanna fill you in
With these big thoughts that seem to fill my little head
At first I didn't feel like I fit in...
Either with the blacks, whites, or indians
Left a bit depressed, in the end, I swear
But I came back at it like a rabbit with the hat, it's magic, italics
I managed to beat it, I wonder, does it cycle?
Even if it does, I'm fine cause I'm...

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Dear Mom, I hope you listening
I just wanna fill you in
With this big talk stemming from your little kid
I know we had our arguments...
Either rooms and in the den
But you would never give an inch, neither would I
Not your fault, but I was depressed as shit
Never tried suicide, but I was contemplating death
It started raining cats from the clouds above
But I'm fine now, and everything's in its right place
Right place... And time