[Imran Khan Snippet]
You cannot do this. You will fail. People sitting here, who are aspiring for big things, remember this, that all your life you will be told that this cannot be done. Do not accept this, because this is where, when you compromise on your mission, or your ambition, that’s where the downward slide starts. Never accpet anything less than what you came for

[Verse 1: Kasim]
Early did it so I guess I had to do it late
Me and my brother on it appreciate like real estate
Go ham leave no scraps on the plate
Every time I hop on the track it’s like a leap of faith
CP3 flow I’m in the lane I penetrate
Second best team in LA, til I threw it up to Blake

[Verse 2: Haas]
Yea throw it up to me man let me innovate, just…
Hold up, let me take it over I’m a monster like an ogre
But my elegance is destined to transform Fiona
They definitely gon’ fear my omen
‘Cause I’m making noise with no help from Mulan
Or Cri-Kee the Cricket
My wickedness cracks wickets on the rise
Faster than bowlers of West Indies, in the 80’s
I leave wack emcees achy with the envy
My mic’s a P90, spit red dots on a rapper’s head like a bindi
My heart and dreams triple bonded
Homie you’ll never bend me
Flashes of greatness like
A flash back to a time when my favorite genre was indie
The revelation had hit me
And that’s when the rap gods sent me, sent me

[Verse 3: Kasim]
Sent me with that mind over matter
If you don’t mind, hold your bladder
I’m ‘bout to shit piss, kill shit
This my beautiful disaster
Let’s go faster
I’m ahead of all these rappers
Tryna Porsche Cayenne me, ya bitch eyin’ me
Lookin’ for a lion king, hear me roar, I can’t sing
Couple hoes I could bring get your party movin’
Push started from the bottom of the driveway
Now we on the highway
Getting’ money fasten your seatbelts
If we don’t crash, I’m bettin’ money
At the end of the day, we ain't sweatin’ money

[Verse 4: Haas]
Nose runny, spit magic, snort wizardry
Slick delivery, dope lines, I laced it
Flow tight, loose laces
What’s the point of tying them?
I tie the hearts of men together
Leadin’ the state with my state of mind
All about the Craft like Aaron
Disprove the haters with magic
Mosses with the staff I’m bearin’
The landscape of the game is bleak n’ barren
So I’m writing poems in the Gardens of Eden
My fruitful thoughts can tower over Paris
That’s imperative of me on God’s playlist
And hip-hop is truly heaven’s heiress
In a civil war with my soul and body
These wack cats can’t take a stab at my barracks
My flight to god blacked out like Tuskegee airmen
The flow was never errant
And that’s why Haas make a killin’
More often than Bashar Al-Assad hurt innocent civilians
The meer essence got the children with hands up to the ceiling
And, the sheer presence got the fuckin’ Grinch grinin’
Shiiiii

[Imran Khan Snippet]
…never downgrade it because the moment you downgrade it as I said it’s a downward spiral. You keep going down. And when you keep struggling to go up, this is where your inner strength comes in, what I mentioned before. We all have great potential, but it’s only when you put yourself against challenges that you being discovering this potential in you. The more you put your mind to pressure, challenges, the stronger it becomes
There’s a great verse by one of our greatest poets which says something like, “Oh Hawk! Don’t be scared of these gusts of wind that hit you… they are meant to make you fly higher”