MF DOOM & MF Grimm - “Return to Monsta Island”
[Emcee(s): MF Grimm]
[Producer(s): MF DOOM (Original Instrumental from Metal Fingers - “’Untitled’ (Meditation)”)]

[Intro: Sample]
They are huge.  All have lovely destructive powers.  With these, we shall conquer Earth

[Hook: MF Grimm]
Return back to Monsta
Island (NYC)
Jet Jag summon all
Monstas
Uh

[Verse 1: MF Grimm]
Open shows
Like a shank, headliners bleed to death.  Rhyming
After us, you’re wasting your breath.  When
We step off stage, fans get up and leave
Caught stealing our show, locked up for death
Your video is dope, a lot of special effects
Very entertaining, but, on stage, you’re a wreck
Open up, but, still, we’re top billing
Kong, Spiga, MeccaGodZilla
Invizabul Man, King Cesar, Megalon
Biolante, Smog, King Geedorah, Ray Long
Rodan, Kamackeris, Gigan
There’s no crew that can fuck with our fam
Let me make it clear: Jet Jaguar’s the man
People run in fear, knocking over buildings
Military coming with the tanks, so we stop ‘em
Stronghold affiliates, we merge with ‘em
Combine, Strong Monstas.  Hard, we hit ‘em
Fucking up the industry, together we get ‘em
Cryptic, Atoms Family, Vast Aire
Vordul, Dub-L, Immortal Technique
We make ears bleed when we speak
Whether Rayna Shine around a Pen full of Poison
Rainmakerz get the paper, buy some acres
Fuck around, getting nothing by the Lakers
Respect us.  You don’t have to like us
We bring the ruckus, shut you down like Rawkus
When we’re not around, our competition screams fuck us
But when we’re in their face, they just suck us
Because they’re suckers
Get it?  Uh
Back to the chorus

[Hook: MF Grimm]
Return back to Monsta
Island
Jet Jag summon all
Monstas
Uh

[Outro: MF Grimm]
C-Rayz Walz, Poison Pen, Lord Smog (That’s right), Invizabul Man, Rayna Shine, Jet Jaguar Superstar (Uh.  That’s right), Breez Evahflowin’, Vast Aire, Cryptic (Bring it back), Hangar 18, Large Professor, Jon Doe, Prophetix.  (That’s right) X-Ecutioners (Light-headed), niggas, Roc Raida, Day By Day.  Uh, uh, uh.  Kurious.  Uh, The Mighty V.I.C.  The mighty M.I.C. from NYC.  Yves St. Larock, J. Marty.  East Coast, we bring it back.  PMD, Khadafi.  What, what?  Nigga, we’re Strong over here.  Strong Monstas, M.I.C., Parallel Thought.  M.I.C., M.I.C., M.I.C.  Uh, uh, uh.  Matt