[Verse 1]
I was such a pretty child, mother what happened?
Not that much of steady sleep, far too much napping
Now my healthy skin's been replaced by rough patches
And my medicine isn't syrup and it's not aspirin
It's drugs
I never quit, can't be done rapping
It's fun, but will I gather any funds rapping?
You cunts told me to sack it
But I won't have it
And you rubbish rappers need to vanish
Leave the pros at it
Cause the way you flow's scandalous
Not in a good way, I hate it when you vandals spit
And no matter what your language is
It's all gibberish, somebody should go ban your lips
How does it not compromise with your Grammy wins?
You should mix some heavy liquor with Prozac and quit
I'll paint a picture, so go stand and witness
The most handsome wizard of flows, chants his scriptures

[Hook]
I'm sorry mama, but the bones they're not listening
And though I told them twice to stop, they just keep growing
And I was such a pretty child look at this picture of me
I'm sorry mama, but the bones, just keep growing

[Verse 2]
Bold man, not a Modest Mouse
I'd love to be the latter, but me and my guitar had a falling out
Lotta problems to be loud about
Should have started a band that matters, throw the media garbage out
But I couldn't be bothered to achieve that
All I have is dreams, gotta tell you like it is
They're dark and mad
Cat on the mic, dogs barking at me
While my rhymes evolving, Charles Darwin's happy
Seriously, It's no dissing, it's just a question
It's about your flow, listen
Was it mostly ghostwritten by the ghost of Walt Disney
Or was it Casper?
I'm asking cause your flow's sissy
Now you're gasping
Did you really think your flow's cripsy?
You keep revolving around the same topic, flow-rotisserie
It's easier than it's going to seem
Either you know it or you don't, there is no in-between
So I flow like a meteor. Don't you know this?
The other things are boring like the chores to cope with
Hope to flow 'til I'm a hundred and four
And I'll repeat it if you think that I was joking before
I was such a pretty child. What the fuck happened?
Used to hold a smile, now I'm throwing up acid
Used to be a pretty child, now I'm pretty childish
Had a pretty smile, really. Now I'm pretty wild, shit


[Hook]
I'm sorry mama, but the bones they're not listening
And though I told them twice to stop, they just keep growing
And I was such a pretty child look at this picture of me
I'm sorry mama, but the bones, just keep growing

[Outro]
I'd like to apologize profusely for using the word "flow" 8 times in 2 verses
That's a lot
Sorry about that
And uhh, the title does look a bit weird doesn't it?
"Such a pretty child", the pedophile anthem
*laughs*