[Intro]
Yo, Jahzi in the booth, Sachee on the boards..

[Verse 1]
Flying through the air I spot a group of civilians
I swoop to get em, but the suits revealing he's a super-villain
I mean shit I be with Lex Luther chillin
In a Coup de Villes and planning when to next nuke a building
What the brute is saying is that Superman, Bruce Wayne
Bane and a super Sayian couldn't stop this booth slaying
This man got Methods like Wu-Tang
And kicks like Liu Kang in the shoe game
And I want to be the god of rap, that's Alpha and Omega
But now I'm getting slept on like brain waves are Theta
Now that's some deep sleep, so say ya prayers playa
Cuz speaking of waves I'll slay a hater with kamehamehas
And haidouken. I win ties ain't suiting
You dudes want it to then? Iight (Shoreyuken!)
Really don't try to die me cuz I will lie you
In the dirt while passing by you with fly kicks like Ryu
You'd dare know I'd fare well as a pharaoh
And in the night life I shine bright that's how it appears so
I'm like a night light, my brain is knifelike ergo
My mind's sharp but she gives me brain like the scarecrow
I'm like a hero but meaner with that dope demeanor
Look how I gleam before I blow up like Hiroshima
And Nagasaki. Majahzi be that Kamikaze
And I drop heat, you sweating like you popped a molly (whoop!)
[Sachee laughs]

[Jahzi]
I hope you know this: my flow is potent dopeness
I 'ont drop bars I drop gold bricks
Attacking your brain until you develops psychosis
Cause it's so sick in the mind
It'll make you still from the rhymes like posed pics
You're never escaping, I got you trapped in the Matrix
The earth shaking - jackhammer flow be groundbreaking
I'll have the town quaking, you now aching
From the sound of this loud statement

[Breakdown]
I'm a self-prescribed Schizophrenic
With an evil man in my cerebral planning
And scheming with demons and leaving people damaged
He's primeval and manic
With mechanics to conjure real crimes
Like murdering beats just to kill time
And it's real prime to feel I'm sick with these ill rhymes
I gotta put light on myself just to feel shine
Yo

[Verse 2]
You feeling like Clark Kent? With me it ain't sittin' right
You're feeling the Kryptonite whenever I grip the mic
You ain't fit to fight, but that ain't the course
Instead I Jedi Mind Trick you of course I use the Force
The crime rate in my minds great
Cuz every time that I spit a rhyme I just go primate
Hide the women ands children 'til I'm trapped in time-space
With the fine pace for my mind to race
My cold flow heats and starts to build, let it condensate
Ill give you time to wait, listen and contemplate..
The Old School graduated, it's time for some new scholars
But they don't change or make sense unless it makes dollars
We need to save the game, they're asking if the dude is willing
But I don's save shit fucker, I'm a super villain

[Outro]
Uh, I'm a super villain
Yo, I'm a super villain
That's what the suit's revealing
I'm a fucking super villain

Hoes be like "Oh my god, are you Captain Have-A-Ho?"
I be like "No bitch I'm Dr. Doom! Look me up."
It's  Jahzi! Get at me