[Intro]
Is it much, too much to ask
Not to hide behind the mask?

[Verse 1: MF DOOM]
Head on straight, mask on crooked
Exit stage left, with the cash gone, took it
Off like a khufi, the fit was a bit doofy
He tried to get screwy, with that two for you
One two for me, G, cut the cranky attitude
Wet 'em like a handkerchief on a stanky fatter dude
Whether you's a rapper or a damn singer
Once you in, there's only one way out, like a gangbanger
With a new crew key chain, and street name
What set do he claim for fame? Peep game
Just to keep feta and stay dipped
You need it like a letter, or better a getaway whip
This old thing's rusted
Encrusted as the gold rings the old kings busted
Planning in, global starvation and fat herb
Now what in tarnation did I go and do that fer?
Stuff happens, like getting snuffed for tough tit rappings
See I told him enough, quit your yapping
The same apply to any and all chumps
The only question he had for y'all was, "How many lumps?
Three or four?" Either or
Mon cheri amore so why you need your heater for?
The super villain slid in your party for free
Want an MC, get out of here, kid, you bother me

[Verse 2: Ghostface Killah]
The day I took my mask off, my face was missing for two days
For the record, G, came back a year later
A whole new identity, Tony Starks pedigree
My money green like my nickname was celery
Who is Ghost? He flashed his toast
Never wore sheets, but bulletproof coats
Oh no! The feds cried for the mask back on
Told them Ghost is dead, he'll return at the crack of dawn
Few years from now, him and his pals
Before the Jetson era arrive, he'll be back summertime 2005
With a half of face iron
The other half water, look like alien science
In the summertime here, you can see the face boil
But the other side, I keep lubed with the Pennzoil
Mad loyal (uh-huh) when the winter time come (what?)
I gets stuck with my brain all numb
It's like I ate a thousand ICEE's and frozen Pepsi's
Aquaman's pops can't water check me
Disrespect me, indirectly
I seen his feet and they both lefty, he steppin' half correctly
As I stroll the globe and terrorize the planet
With a Bill Clinton mask and them Playskool hammers
Me and DOOM, always be the best on the landing
Superheroes for life until our souls vanish

[Outro: Brak & Zorak]
Check me out, my name is Brak and that's a fact
I got a mom and a dad and they are out back
We sit by the pool and we nibble on snacks
Then we eat a big lunch and we all take naps!
Why'd the beat stop? Hey! Heyyyyy!
I got a mask too so gimme the mic!
Cheh! You're no DOOM
C'mon Danger Mouse, gimme that beat!
Turn the beat around! Love to hear per-cussion!
You suck!
Turn it upside down! Love to hear it...
I know talent, and you ain't got it
I WASN'T DONE!