[Malcolm X]
"...And during the few moments we have left
We want to have just an "off the cuff" chat
Between You & Me: Us!
We want to talk right down to Earth
In a language that everybody here can easily understand
We all agree tonight..."

As I, pondered my plight, the answer blew my socks
I was chillin', then I started gettin’ bested and got
The streets boiled over, on to brew and concoct
Starbucks: gettin' cream out this vacant lot
And why not claim the spot? I'm so charming and witty
Chairman of The Swamp, no need to vote, it's my city
If not, bring the ho to go toe to toe wit me
Soul Controller of the hardest committee, ya dig me?
Chew'n competition like Wrigley's
Rollin’ in a ‘95 Audi outta Findlay, simply
Black, Sunroof, Rims Match, Dark Tinting
Herbal Tea, Hennessy and burn my hickory
Degenerate, like Triple H, my pedigree is pimpery
South Side, what I ride the Opposite of Stickney
Well read flow while the simpletons simply
Wreck slow, douse Clearisil on these pimpled geeks
Skills real ill, built in 550 weeks
And cages more Cash than Ohio Penitentiaries
Set foot in 419 gotta mention me
T-E-Double D, Why? Cuz you're listening… Nigga!

[Bridge]
At every show I'm proving, and even when I'm losing
I learn a lesson, tough battles, bet I earn my bruises
So watch the path you choose and, clock mail like NetFlix
Strategy 22 is, "Know when to exit."
Play it like Chess sets, aware of every move
Leave all the foes confused. Leave all the hoes with blues
Red lips is on the shoes, peep how I keep it smooth
Either get in the groove, or you can get removed

See...Life is short, but too long for me to be an early peaker
Posted in the crib, rappin' to a broken speaker
Cr-Cra-Craf, Crafting my contracts, polishing my sneakers
I was bred as a Titan, every adversary's weaker
Shout to Mr. Wizard's in the kitchen whippin' beakers
Throw a stack in church, help the hustle of the preacher
Mind of a Mob Boss, Tongue of a teacher
With the features of a King and the hunger of a creature
Steady counting cheddy, throw confetti to the bleachers
Sly: Hamburglar.  Might Grimace when I greet you
Mentally mapping out your mind when I meet you
I’m Tear Gas: find a crease I can seep thru
Analyzed my problems: I'm the cancer and the chemo
So you can wait for Jesus, I Swamp Up and heal the people
And get it started like the T that's in Toledo...
And that's The Real Roe, nigga…

[Gil Scott Heron, Scratched]
"Welcome..."