[Intro: Luther Vandross]
Honey, it's cold outside
Pour another glass of wine, light up the fireplace
The holiday starts right now
Make yourself slow down, put on a happy face

[Chorus: Luther Vandross]
I don't want you to buy me nothin', it's alright
Love's the only thing on my list
All I want is a kiss for Christmas

[Verse: MF Doom]
Mary, you make me wanna eat you
Every time I see you, it's like the first time I meet you
Fragrance like a flower, subtle and sweet too
Seductable whatever it might as well be see through
Like my genie in a bottle, bitch could get me rich, look like a magaziney model
Before you know it, he have her on a stove
Pressure right, complexion like Acapulco gold
If I had to guess just right, not a day old
Like a cradle robber, copped her off shop and trade her low (trade her low)
Know the right number you can get her
And hit it while you wit her sold to the highest bidder like
Fruits and berries. Bring daddy loot in a hurry
Just be cute, don’t worry
Type to make the nigga hallucinate and admitted
Then she started losin' weight, lettin' everybody hit it (Allie)
Unlike Allie, sometimes she's get bitter
Always kept me happy, never had a problem with her
She used to let me use a pack when I was looser
Respect her to this day and never to the 'buser
I told her I'll be faithful, but she don't believe me
I probably coulda been if I never met Evie
She made me feel all fuzzy inside this warm coat
You won't get no winds nearer if you're broke (?)
Kept a shorty mad, fighting what's dinner
(?) I get mad times for touchin' her
Knock wood so much for (?) still so fly (?) should be in the sky with diamonds
Little thing young things like to do the tongue thing at times she will play hard to get, fronting to something
She made me feel like the number one king, (?) run into her now, we still kept a fun fling
Met her out in Central Park, that's one side
(?) spark (?) sunshine
She said you need to stop messing with that white girl
She fuckin' with your head and got your heart in a tight curl
We messed around once or twice, but she don't know me
But she help me get money at the Dutch price, OT
Plus from Colombia, so she really Spanish
Cooking on a (?), bank account vanish
(?) black
Every time she sees me I end up getting called back
All she want me to do is place it crazy
The only one complaint is that she made me too lazy
Shit on my (?)
Just know when to make up for headaches that she gave me
It's all gravy when I'm done getting my mac on
Allie is always there to help me get back on

[Bridge: Luther Vandross]
A kiss for Christmas is all that I want, yeah
A kiss for Christmas, don't make me wait, love
Don't make me wait, baby
Merry Christmas, ha ha, yeah

[Chorus: Luther Vandross]
I don't want you to buy me nothin', it's alright
Love's the only thing on my list
All I want is a kiss for Christmas
I don't want you to buy me nothin', it's alright
Love's the only thing on my list
All I want is a kiss for Christmas