[Lil' Flip talking]
Yeah, Lil' Flip puttin it down wit Lil' Troy
R. Dis, back to ballin nah what I'm sayin
Down South we gonn' lean though
I dont know what y'all do but ugh...

[Hook 2X]
We gonn' lean to the left
We gonn' lean to the right
We gonn' lean both ways
Ya better give us some room!

[Lil' Flip]
When I'm leanin to the left I'm gone off that drank
When I'm leanin to the right I'm gone off that dank
Light green do-do with no seeds
I wear cardio I threw away my Roley
You know me I keep rollin up the block rocks
Frozen in my watch hoes holdin by my drop
I'm in tha parkin lot tryna find a parkin spot
My trunk popped up I dont care if its dark or not
I'm ballin hot but my grill so icey
I'm ridin candy paint but my wheels so pricey
I'm wearin Nike from my head to my feet
Baguettes on my teeth carvette candy peach
With DVD's I'm watchin Scary Movie 2
Jammin DJ Screw HPD's can't see through
Cause I'm tinted up nigga I can do dat
When I pull up kids sayin where's your roof at?

[Hook] - 2X

[R. Dis]
We gon' shop we gon' pop get crunk it won't stop
Back back you in my space, you know I need some room to rock
Move over on man it's just somethin I do over
Get wilder if you was eatin I would knock ya food over
I'm tryna set it off dogg and you all up in here
Gimme some room before I bump ya and you all in my ear
I'mma say somethin back and it's a fight up in heah
I got all my goons wit me I'm aight up in heah
I ain't tryna be rude I jus' lean like that
Popped up thirty-deep - I hit the scene like that
Everybody lookin - why? Cause I'm clean like that
Got sweat on my nose - why? Cause I'm mean like that
I'm rockin arenas - why!? Cause my shows like that
I stay starched down - why? Cause my clothes like that
I might stop a minute - why? Cause I pose like that
Then get back to leanin why? Cause I'm throwed like that

[Hook]

[R. Dis]
What, what, what, what mayn we crankin it up!
We gon' buy the bar tonight and we drankin it up
Puttin smoke in the air we stankin it up y'all
Know me who I am say my name R. DDDDIIISSSS!
I'mma roll I'mma crawl I'mma knock down walls
I'mma asshole somebody help me get out my drawers
We gon' ride we gon' drive we gon' swerve we wreckers
Off the chain we puttin it down we gon' lean for Texas
I'm fantastic my music mo flow but I'm chillin
Hit the block and make a killin big car no ceiling
Don't let me hear a song that I'm feelin Screw tape
I'mma ball I'mma shake I'm holler eeeaaarrrttthhh qqquuuaakkkeee!!
(eeaarrtthh qquuaakkee!) Pass me a sweet so I can blaze it up
Click then keep the lighter lit then raise it up
If you standin too close I dont know whom is whom
But I'm bout to go off you better give me some room!

[Hook] - repeat to end