Adam22: No Jumper, coolest podcast in the world. It’s motherfucking Halloween. You guys realize that right?
Peep: Yeah, yeah
Adam22: We got two spooky guys in here. A Couple of spooky guys. Lil Tracy and Lil Peep, nice to see you guys.
Peep: I say Tracy’s more spooky than me
Adam22: In what way, did you guys have Halloween costumes or not?
Peep: Uh
Tracy: This- he had a fucking full body chicken suit
Nedarb: [Laughing]
Adam22: Really? You’re that kind of rapper who’s not afraid to wear  chicken suit?
Peep: Not really
Tracy: He’s Lil Peep
Adam22: Oh fuck now I get it, okay
Peep: I have like no fear in my heart
Adam22: You have no fear in your heart? That’s really interesting. Shout-out to my man Ned over here. I’m sick so instead of doing beer or cocaine or anything I’m drinking this juice
[Laughing]
Adam22: Yo, you really can do that, it think it just sorts out your  insides. I heard somebody talk about it one time
Peep: I don’t do drugs
Adam22: No?
Tracy: Sober gang
Adam22: Sober gang? Tracy it’s nice to see you on the show finally. I’ve been aware of you for a long ass time, through this guy Ned to my left. And finally, we’re fucking, having a conversation, it’s a beautiful thing.
Tracy: Hell yeah, very rare moment, right now
Adam22: Very, very rare. And it’s Halloween. Can I just say that, its Halloween. That’s crazy
Tracy: That’s how you know it’s real
Adam22: That’s how you know its true- true spooky hours
Peep: Rolling spooky blunts
Adam22: Spooky ass blunts, can we talk about that spooky blunt that you came with before, briefly, online on the last podcast
Peep: What blunt was that?
Adam22: You had a blunt that sort of had like a curve, like a downward curve to it, and uh people were kind of trying to make fun of me for it
Peep: Oh, I remember that
Tracy: I remember that one
UNSURE
Adam22: Yeah, smoking them dead dicks. Yo that cat, that cat is spooky as fuck too. He shows up on that table, and you know that it’s a true… monster match.
Tracy: [Laughing]
Adam22: The graveyard smash
Goth: He’s shedding bruh
Nedarb: Monster cat
Adam22: Oh we’ve been going on- I don’t know about you guys but I’ve been going so fucking hard. It’s Monday, I’ve been going so hard all weekend, I tried to go hard all weekend, but it just caught up to me and now its Monday and I can't
Peep: I’m sleeping, I slept for 15 hours. I ate a whole an extra-large pizza a couple minutes ago. That shit was [?]. I ate 12 slices of pizza.
Adam22: 12? Right in a row?
Peep: Yeah, 12 slices
Tracy: You getting fat bruh
Peep: And later that day I ordered a double cheeseburger from Fat Burger. And-
Goth: That was fire
Peep: Comfort LA
Nedarb: Comfort LA is my shit
Tracy: It’s not that good. I’m speaking as an actual black person
Adam22: I see that shit on UberEats all the time, that’s what I’m thinking of right?
Peep: I get free [?]
Adam22: Oh, you give out the code?
Peep: I give out the code bruh I got like thousands of dollars on that bitch
Adam22: Same, thank you very much
Peep: Shout out UberEATS

(sorry, alot of background noise which makes it incredibly hard to understand, will try to come back to this part)

(08:28)
Peep: Nooo, they’re friendly
Tracy: They’re friendly but they’re also like [?]
Adam: I walked through with some [?] that I thought was going down
Peep: Tracy got hit with rice though. I’ma tell you guys a story- I’ma tell you guys a story
Tracy: I got hit with a whole box [?]..bunch of rice at me
Adam: It’s like a racist joke but they fucked it up. It’s like no Asian-
Peep: [?]
Adam: African is like the only community out here that doesn’t eat rice
Peep: I don’t know
Tracy: I hate rice
Adam: “I hate rice”, I mean traditionally. Okay but-
Tracy: [?]
Peep: Hit him in the head, he was lying down like, slumped
Tracy: I was lying down
Nedarb: Didn’t you guys throw like flour out the window
Horsehead: Yeah, they thought it was coke
Peep: They threw flour, they threw flour out the window and they thought it was coke
Tracy: They were so mad
Adam: They were mad, what they started catching the coke and snorted it
Horsehead: They were sniffing it
Tracy: They got mad because they sniffed it and it wasn’t coke
Horsehead: It was hard sugar
Tracy: Funnel cake… happiness
Adam: That says a lot about you guys, homeless people assumed that you you would be throwing coke out the window
Nedarb: We were throwing clothes out there
Adam: That’s good
Tracy: Product- product tossing, nigga
Adam: Ever throw coke out the window though
Nedarb: Nah
Adam:    You ever just get sick of it, go “I’ve had enough of this shit”. Throw it out
Nedarb: Never that
Tracy: I’ve never-
Adam: Really? Wow
Peep: I’ve thrown all types of drugs all over the place
Adam: Onto [?]
Peep: Yeah, no nah nah
Adam: Oh just [?]
Nedarb: Everything goes out the window

[10:06]
Tracy: Remember that dude that threw molly at you Lewis?
Horsegead: Huh?
Tracy: When that dude threw mollys at you
Horsehead: Huh, yeah, he got mad as fuck for me for no reason, and he like, he- he- he was like fuck you [?]

[10:26]
Horsehead: I don't even know why- why he got mad at me but like- we were like, arguing kinda- back and forth outside of some show and then [?] was like fuck you then [?]
[Laughter]
Horsehead: ...thew molly at me
Peep: That's like free medicine
Nedarb: Yeah that's tight
Tracy: Dope
Adam: [?]
Nedarb: Uh, I think I gave it to somebody, like...
Tracy: [?]
Nedarb: He didn't wanna take it
[?]
Horsehead: [?] Did get arrested for the [?] molly in the pocket

[10:50]
Adam: How many times you been arrested?
Tracy: Fuck that, prolly like, twenty times
Adam: [Laughs]