[Verse 1: GHOSTEMANE]
You saw that fire from a distance but you let it go
You let it burn
Now it's really gettin' out of control
Now all the sudden you come runnin', but it's way too late
You watch that shit takeover your hood and now you live in hate
Like I said
"Don't ya come around when you see a motherfucker blow"
Just wait to drown
Let that water fill your lungs and throat
Bitch, you ain't a thang
'Cept for handshake
No hello
And don't you say you know me, hoe, 'cause Schema only know
You can get me to sign to the devil, and pray for me
Never did chill off my throne
Wait around waitin' for what? I don't know, I'm just I'm just chillin'
Ignorin' you, gust hit my soul
Pushin' the perc, and hit the [?] when a young bitch hit my lap
And I start to wake like a [?]
Listen, now you could be sittin' [?]
[?] wasn't a hoe

[Verse 2: JGRXXN]
Damn, JGRXXN turn to the max
Now I want his ass on a track
Is it cool?
See your shit blowin' up and you know I fucks with you, huh?
Even though I never hit your phone and never returned your texts
Don't give a fuck about that
Seen your shit on the rise and I want a piece of that pie
Yuh
Hold up hoe
Slow your roll
Stay your distance
Fall out back
Who is you?
You's a foo
If you think that's gonna work
Triple six
Ain't no blunts so Indica
In the cut
Better control your hoe
'Cause she see us blowin' up

[Verse 3: LiL PEEP]
I could remember when no one had nothin' to say to me
Now they all up on my dick
Schema the clique, when I look I see no competition
LiL PEEP, I am up in this bitch
Poppin' whatever come at me, I'm off of the trappy
Look at me, I'm slashin' my wrist
I'll put 'em back in they place
Nobody loved me, but now they relate
All of the sudden, they act like I'm great
Act like my cousin, 'gon eat off my plate
What? 'Cause I'm buzzin', you finna get paid or somethin'?
Nah. you buggin', I came from nothin'
Don't come around when I'm up and I'm comin'
Bitch, you wasn't there, I got hoes on my stomach
Fuck, fuck, no, I don't love 'em
Bitches, they love me, but no, I don't cuff 'em
I've gone through all this for all of my brothers
All of your troubles, they double they hunnids
Triple a time, triple six bumpin', I'm sippin' on wine
If you ain't fuckin' then get to the side
If you are lucky enough to survive
Keep this in mind, bitch, you ain't nothin'

[Outro: LiL PEEP]
She said she love me now and back then
She ain't love me, she just lookin' for rent
She pick me up in a Black Benz
Suck my dick like she ain't want this shit to end
She said she love me now and back then
She ain't love me, she just lookin' for rent
She pick me up in a Black Benz
Schemaboys, this ain't never gonna end