High taxes and budget cuts
They're either raising my rent or they're calling us up
The cost of living is just too much
Can't walk the streets at night cause just too rough
It's hard to make a living because the times are hard
And ? you can't get the job
Go out on the street to see what you can rob
Cause there's no way that you're gonna starve
Some people try to cope by using dope
But in the long run it seems, there's no hope
And then your life will be wasted, your mind's going crazy
Cause in this world they can't make it
So make it or take it but it's hard to break it
It's like a bad habit and it's hard to shake it
So the real deal that you can fulfill
Don't ? another ? and that's the real deal

The game of life (Listen! Listen!)
The game of life (So pay attention!)
The game of life (We got something we should mention!)
The game of life (It's a message that we're sending!)

Scramblers, gamblers, notebook punters
The crime rate increases in the summer
To the cocaine addicts, ? fanatics
The blacks and whites still going at it
Child abusing, prostitution
It's reality, it's not an illusion
So much confusion, no solution
What ever happened to the constitution
We gotta stop this fightin', start unitin'
What I'm doing is to enlighten
Your mind, body and soul
To let you know that this is how the game goes
We gotta have determination
To overcome any situation
You got to know how to dominate them
To survive in this nation
And when we're made to be the same
Because life ain't nothing but a game

The game of life (Listen! Listen!)
The game of life (So pay attention!)
The game of life (We got something we should mention!)
The game of life (It's a message that we're sending!)

Survival of the fittest is the law of the jungle
It's the same on the street
It's just they hustle and rumble
To the killers, stealers and the drug dealers
To the politicians and the faith healers
All run in the game and the game they fight
Because that's the only way that they can survive
You have the muggers' muggin', the rapers' rapin'
Deep down inside everybody has a ?
The meaning of life will forget about the time
Cause that's the last thing come across their mind
Now you layin' in jail you don't have the bail
Now you have to stay in an overcrowded cell
But that's what you get when you try to play it swift
Trying to run the same ol' trick
But the trick's on you, ain't nothing you can do
Because now you're the one who looks like a fool

The game of life (Listen! Listen!)
The game of life (So pay attention!)
The game of life (We got something we should mention!)
The game of life (It's a message that we're sending!)

Life is a game that we all must play
Not knowin' if we're gonna live to see another day
Not the kind of game that has no value
Same one that robbed will say "how are you?"
In the game of life there's not many rules
Heads you win or tales you lose
Freebasin' coke at a high rate
Gotta find a way so I can escape
Just got stuck up by your ?
Who you grew up with in the ghetto
So hop aboard and take a ride
You see some cope and try suicide
You say it's not fair that's what you say
But you are the one who wanted to play

The game of life (Listen! Listen!)
The game of life (So pay attention!)
The game of life (We got something we should mention!)
The game of life (It's a message that we're sending!)