[Chorus]
Sleep for dinner in the underground
Sleep for dinner in the underground
Sleep for dinner in the underground
Sleep for dinner in the underground
Sleep for dinner in the underground
Sleep for dinner in the underground

[Verse 1: Mr. Funke]
Yo, what’s up, nigga? You know my name, they call me Mr. Funke
But back when I was young, they could’ve called me Mr. Hungry
‘Cause there were many days when we had nothing to eat
(So what did you do?) What could I do? I went to sleep
My family’s financial status was kinda funny
(Tell the truth, nigga) Okay, we didn’t have no money
My mom’s raised me well even though times were bad
She taught me to survive and be glad with what I had
But God forbid you did something wrong as a child
(Funky child?) You wasn’t gonna eat for a while
Yo, what the fuck is this? You call this shit a report card?
Look at all these goddamn F’s!
How the fuck did you get an F in Home Ec.?
I’ma beat your ass when this song over!
I could remember one day when my teacher caught me cheatin’
(Oooohhh) For dinner I had a beatin’
She said I couldn’t eat but, yo, that wasn’t what made me crazy
Seemed like every time I couldn’t eat she’s serving something tasty
I’d be like, “Mom…” (Hell no!) “Just a piece of bread”
(Boy, you better leave me alone and take your ass to bed!)
I couldn’t even go up my nose and pick a winner
I had sleep for dinner

[Chorus]
Sleep for dinner in the underground
Sleep for dinner in the underground
Sleep for dinner in the underground
Sleep for dinner in the underground
Sleep for dinner in the underground
Sleep for dinner in the underground

[Verse 2: DoitAll]
Well, I’m laying in the bed and my stomach’s growling
Like “Rraow rraow”, like a dungeon dragon
So I’m, out the bed, running, dashing
Glad my friends ain’t here ‘cause they’ll sure be laughin’
Bust into the kitchen, poppin’ open my fridge
And now it’s got me crying like a little bitty kid
Nothing, nada, not even a crumb
Where oh where will I get dinner from?
The cabinet, the market, or the back of my freezer?
Or should I call the pizza man and jack him for his pizza?
Ding-dong…”Who the fuck is it?” (Pizza man)
Uh, come right in
I swung for his head and the pizza man’s hat fell
But what I didn’t know is that this man was a black belt
He was nice, like something straight out a karate flick
He broke down, he kicked me, jumped up and did a backflip
I swung, I missed, he balled up his fists
He hooked me and shook me, ayo, I got pissed
At one time, I thought that there was no way to stop him
Then I picked up a lamp from on the table and I clocked him
Now I’m starvin’, no pizza, with nothing to fill my gut
The only thing I ate was the way I chewed this beat up
(But hold up, I thought you clocked him with the lamp, money?)
The pizza fell, and I went to bed hungry
Goddamn, boy, you went to bed hungry like that?
Boy, every night, eight times a week, 31 times a month, boy
Pizza man, must be fighting hard, boy
Bet you he won’t try it nowadays
Hahaha, tell me how we living now, boy, give it to me
Now times are lovely and we eatin’ kinda swell
I say, ‘well, what the hell, all the records that we sell’
The cash comes in stacks, getting over like a fat rat
And I remember back when it simply wasn’t like that
We didn’t have no peas or no macaroni and cheese
The only thing we had for dinner was a bowl of Z’s
And times when I opened up my fridge and I’d say
“HELLO…hello…hello” There was an echo
But, yo, who’s to blame, ain’t no shame in my game
‘Cause now we’re making papes and everybody knows our name
Which only leaves spaces, for these familiar faces
“Here Come the Lords”, that’s one of the many flavors

[Verse 3: Mr. Funke]
Sleep for dinner is telling you how it was back in the days
Back before I made the phrase that pays
I read my books to learn, with that I don’t be bluffin’
Yo, what the fuck you think, I got this flashback doing nothing?
You say the road is rough, I tell ya ‘stop the whinin’, kid’
Millions didn’t make it but I was one of the ones who did
And please never say that I always had it my way ‘cause I’d laugh
I know what it’s like not to have
But all in all, I had to crawl before I could stand tall
Can’t fall (Had to stick Peter to pay Paul)
Take a stand, you don’t’ want your chef to be the Sandman
Work for yours, brother, or be a hungry muthafucka

[Chorus]
Sleep for dinner in the underground
Sleep for dinner in the underground
Sleep for dinner in the underground
Sleep for dinner in the underground
Sleep for dinner in the underground
Sleep for dinner in the underground
Sleep for dinner in the underground
Sleep for dinner in the underground

[Outro]
Uh, LOTUG, ‘93
Word up, in the muthafuckin’ house
Marley Marl on the wall, DJ Lord Jazz, D. Mack, Black
Inner city, from the Bricks, Newark, NJ
We out like…that