And soon both of us learn to trust
Not run away, it was no time to play
We build it up, we build it up, we build it up
Now it's solid, solid, beat and shut out of money
Took this wallet, should it halla, please help me
Somebody stop me, is this so healthy?
From dog, pop cross over
I pop nigga and cross over, get the plug
I was going throw something wrong was right
I shouldn't wait to get off the ghetto, to throw a fight
Even if a mama bite and it's on a [?]
Go hard, mad should be your whole life and
Fuck with you, I know this gonna be alright cause people [?] he sees all night
Away and stress everyone to bet himself
Trusting the fact, you can see [?]
Keep shit so real that he can't even tell you
It's so real, it's still me around
Man, now the nigga is hurting Rampage is next
Get nigga burning
Come on, man, get out the page and shit looks like move like away from States, States
Come on, come on man
I'll be getting down, hands in the air, when a nigga hit down
Rampage I'm back in the street again
Me and he, get back on the street again
Tell the block, tell the streets, tell the hood
Hey! Ooh niggas is up turn up [?]
Don't get it messed up, you didn't mess up, you don't after
You don't get shot, you get brake up
You get claimed up, be on the wake up, you get scratched up
Yes I check out, nothing can't stop, what?
You can't change, what?
This how we bang what?
And we get touch, this switch will drive you nuts
And yo I got the guts, I got a coupel of something and need to switch you up
In the middle of the club we will smack you up
Close, so close, my dudes gonna back it up
We shutting in the hood, weppening, we got the hole
Man now nigga hurting, great pages next, get nigga murding
Man get out the gang shit, move like way, state to state
Come on yeah, I'll be get down
Hands in the air and a nigga hit down
Come on, just stop in the floor
Nigga you sure you wanna fuck with me
Going down, can't hit what you can't see
Alright, you really want it, then just say my name
You got all these fucking playing and ain't no game
What this gonna be with this man
Do you really want a man how's missing?
I come to where you rapping
Are you rapping in New York?
You better run then walk, as you run don't talk
Cause nigga come throw and it's all
Like my, my get in, I know you wanna fuck with
Nigga get deep, in a [?]
Get down, go hard, this shit is solid
Man, now the nigga is hurting Rampage is next
Get nigga burning
Come on, man, get out the page and shit looks like move like away from States, States
Come on, come on man
I'll be getting down, hands in the air, when a nigga hit down
Man, now the nigga is hurting Rampage is next
Get nigga burning
Come on, man, get out the page and shit looks like move like away from States, States
Come on, come on man
I'll be getting down, hands in the air, when a nigga hit down