[Verse 1: Lord Have Mercy]
It was a dark night, pitch black, May 20, 19...
Approximately 11:30 p.m., a black child was born
Upon his arrival and rapid growth
Being exposed to the many casualties of the streets
He has now realized what must be done....
He must bring the ruckus to all you mothafuckas..
He must bring the ruckus to All you mothafuckas..
He must bring the ruckus to ALL you mothafuckas!

[Verse 2: Rampage the Last Boy Scout]
And now for the moment all you motha fucka's been waitin' for...
All my flipmode niggas rise and awake for
The most powerful event to occur..THE COMING!!
Once again you now rockin' wit the best
Flipmode is the squad for the year of 1996
UH! Rampage the Last Boy Scout is who I be
Here to take you on another ride of the
Flipmode explosion. Street to street, land to land
Coverin' all burial grounds in your area
I'm here to bring on my physical
The 8th wonder of the world
Straight from the dungeon shot
The infamous, the infamous, Busta Rhymes!
Boy Scout's who I be, Flipmode is still the squad...

[Verse 3: Busta Rhymes]
Yo, hey yo, yo, this joint right here, is dedicated to all the
Mu'fucka's who fell off...and the mu'fucka's who's about to fall off!
Yo, keep falling, keep fallin', hey!
Keep falling, yo, keep fallin', keep fallin
This is specifically for the mothafuckas who came out here
Claimin' to represent hip-hop but really didn't do shit
To preserve the value of the fuckin' artform
The way of life. Hip-hop is a way to live man;
It ain't no institutionalized religion or somethin'
It's a way to live, it's a culture, dog, you know what I mean?
You know, so if you ain't really got nuthin beneficial
To offer this hip-hop shit, preserve the value of the artform
The music, the way of living, don't even fuck wit it!
We don't need deadweight mothafuckas
This is where we at as it stands right now
In the current day of 1996, mothafuckas
There's only four years left. This is dedicated to
All the niggas who keep falling, keep fallin', so keep fallin'!
AAAAAAHHHHHH!!! Ha, so keep fallin'..........thanks a lot