Buckwild ft. O.C. - “Burn Me Slow”
[Emcee(s): O.C.]
[Producer(s): Buckwild]
[Sample (Melody): Patrice Rushen - “This Is All I Really Know”]

[Verse 1: O.C.]
Check it out.  It takes
Skill, y’all, for them to feel y’all, and in
The end, it’s dollar dollar dollar bill, y’all
So long I awaited.  In the end, you contemplated.  Now
O.C. cuts be highly anticipated
Forget all the braggadocio shit you hear
Same old voices in the air while I’ll refreshen the air, word
Thought I was gone, huh?  Temporary setbacks
Made me analyze what I do and be the best at
Gusto?  I got it all like a sack of marijuana
Being sold by the dreads, I got the good stuff
Inhale on it, smell the aroma blessed, let it
Comatose ya.  I’m feeling a rush where you’re supposed ta
Mold me, toke me, hold me in for five seconds
Then exhale, then maybe you can tell if I’m potent.  See
Font, then leave it, a cheeba cheeba cheeba.  Like
Coated with honey base, kill the taste, burn me slow

[Hook: O.C.]
Drag on
Me, yeah, just as long as you can pull it, now
Shotgun ‘cause I’ll be number one with a bullet
Who got some?  The secondhand smoke’s in the air
Contact, oh my, I’ma get you so high

[Verse 2: O.C.]
Dragging
My words like an herb from a peace pipe, put ex-
-tra mash out, I’ll sprinkle hashish on the mic, then pop
A top on a Guinness giving me clout.  Some say it give
A stiff one, shorty asked did I drink a stout?
The mind mix like Heinie and sensimina.  This goes
Out to my niggas in and outside of Medina
My chariot carries me through thorough boroughs, bumping
The Underground trail, trying to escape like Harriet
It don’t make sense but it makes cents, dollars and
Cents, making the last couple of lines condensed, so when
You see me rock a party like Reggae Sunplash, don’t bust
Shots, son.  My face to your man and give a shotgun

[Hook: O.C.] (x2)
Burn
Me slow, drag on me as long as you can pull it, now
Shotgun ‘cause I’ll be number one with a bullet
Who got some?  The secondhand smoke’s in the air
Contact, oh my, I’ma get you so high

[Verse 3: O.C.]
So while
You’re lining your L’s, Hawaiian eye buddha-blessed
Some traum taking you to a higher place of praise—soak
It in.  Opening a chamber in your mind, you’re focusing
I wrote this in a mindstate of cheeba essence
Buckwild beating your eardrums with Thai sticks
Like tapping bags of weed, he tapping snares and kicks
What?  To the dick and you don’t quit.  Roll up
That O.C. sack and then spark that shit.  It’s all
Love, baby.  Twist me tight and then kiss me
Pull on me slow so I’ll burn nice and gently
(*Inhales*) Drag it, puff the magic, lavish it, make
Me a routine smoke like a bad habit.  Meant
To be in this game, play out our role.  To manage this
Beat, I’ll keep growing wild like cannabis

[Hook: O.C.] (x2)
Burn
Me slow, drag on me as long as you can pull it, now
Shotgun ‘cause I’ll be number one with a bullet
Who got some?  The secondhand smoke’s in the air
Contact, oh my, I’ma get you so high