O.C. - “Let It Slide”
[Emcee(s): O.C.]
[Producer(s): Buckwild]
[Additional Vocals: Pharoahe Monch]
[Sample 1 (Melody): [?] - “[?]”]
[Sample 2 (Drums): Brethren - “Outside Love”]

[Intro: Sample from Weather Report - “Dream Clock”]

[Verse 1: O.C.]
It’s like
Many knuckleheads who wander to the eye-to-eye con-
-tact, not knowing O.C.’s ready for combat
I try to ignore the sons with an arrogant
Attitude, mistaking my face for gratitude, yeah
Just the other night, on the train, me, my cousin
Boo was on the way up to Club Callaloo
I kind of had a vibe, so we took our 25’s, and, uh
We had juice with the bouncers on the inside
Mad Jamaican-faking niggas fronting, knowing they’re
American.  Me fronting?  The sauce would be embarrassing
Some old poor-faced fella tried to stare me in
The eye and give a wammy.  He almost caught a blammy
Just when I was about to reach for my Clyde, Cousin
Boo whispered to me, “Yo, O, let it slide”
It ain’t worth smoking a man, ain’t worth the lead, so
To break the tension, I broke him in the head

[Hook: O.C. and (Pharoahe Monch)]
I let
It slide (I let it slide), I let it slip on by.  I let
It slide (I let it slide), I let it slip on by.  I let
It slide (I let it slide), yeah, I let it slip on by, giving
You one last try to kill it with the eyes

[Verse 2: O.C.]
New day, same shit occurring.  This time, I was asked
What I was looking at, not knowing he was grassed
He sparked the beef and I was gonna finish it
Off.  It turns out this nigga was soft—he got
‘Fraid from the way about my stance, glancing to my left
And right, but nearby stood a man in sight—he’ll
See the whole thing if I decide to do a buckwild
Move, so what alternatives shall I choose, huh?
Fire my steel and take the chance of me being bagged?
Or shipped up north for a long, long bad?  Nah
I ain’t for it, so I flashed the Clyde.  He saw
The nickel-plate, almost having a date to die.  I wondered
Why chumps want to pick on I?  They be, like
Setting it off, and I be letting it slide
I don’t know what they be seeing, but, one time in a conflict
I flipped, turned into an unstable human being

[Hook: O.C. and (Pharoahe Monch)] (x2)
I let
It slide (I let it slide), I let it slip on by.  I let
It slide (I let it slide), I let it slip on by.  I let
It slide (I let it slide), yeah, I let it slip on by, giving
You one last try to kill it with the eyes

[Verse 3: O.C.]
When I’m flowing with my girl, I feel it the most, beef
Coming so close like a champagne toast
On the train, in the city, ‘round the way, ‘round her way, I take
It upon myself to say, “Niggas is gay.”  What you
Trying to prove?  Can’t move a mountain with a stare
But when a brother pull a joint, you think it ain’t fair?
Two wrongs don’t make a right, but the philosophy of a
Fight, fella, is to prolong your life.  I
Roll like it was ten of me.  Hard what you pretend to be
Some motherfucking manners the price to kill Kennedy
I’ll peep out the sons trying the flamboyant and
Put on a smirk ‘cause your staring is annoying, uh
No matter how much I try to avoid noise
I’ll fill ‘em in, but dead that staring in my grill again
Don’t try to hypnotize with the eyes staring.  Rec-
-tifies beef, tears brought to your family lives and
That loved one because you couldn’t stop my Glock, so
Time ran out ‘cause you punched your own clock

[Hook: O.C. and (Pharoahe Monch)] (x2)
I let
It slide (I let it slide), I let it slip on by.  I let
It slide (I let it slide), I let it slip on by.  I let
It slide (I let it slide), yeah, I let it slip on by, giving
You one last try to kill it with the eyes

[Outro: O.C. and Pharoahe Monch]
O.C.: Yo, what’s up with that?
Pharoahe Monch: What’s up, man?
O.C.: What you looking at my face for?
Pharoahe Monch: Man, you was looking at me, though
O.C.: Alright, check this shit out