[Hook]
I’m addicted to the drugs, I can’t stop moving them
I’m addicted to the drugs, I can’t stop using them
I’m addicted to the drugs, I can’t stop moving them
I’m addicted to the drugs, I can’t stop using them

[Verse 1 – Meyhem Lauren]
Don’t get it twisted dog, I just said no
Somebody showed me how to make drugs flow
I don’t use em to get high, just for getting fly
Started with a couple ounces just for getting by
Now we passed that, workers moving fast black
I wake up every day thinking where the cash at
The opposite side of addiction is still an addiction
That’s like a high for me each time I fill a prescription
Waking up in cold sweats, looking for a missed call
Still about that fast life, moving like a pitched ball
Shaking and pacing when that good product’s not around
If that ain’t here then Imma have to get it out of town

[Hook]

[Verse 2 – Meyhem Lauren]
This addiction got me conflicted, my social life diminished
Every time I chill with bitches I just think about my spinach
I ain’t worried bout scoring, I’m already winning
This world’s an ocean filled with money and my mind is swimming
Thinking bout how I can bottle it and keep it
Fuck the weak shit, my niggas still get work the cheapest
Ain’t no secret, I’m an addict with a habit
I got to have it cause my spending is elaborate

[Hook][x2]

[Verse 3 – Heems]
Yo, lucky for you your number one custy
Is nice with the bars, no I never been rusty
Nice with the knife but I never tried to cut meat
Drown my emo shit on wet, get dusted
I guess I decided I’d try anything once
11 out in Queens, Heemy puffing on the blunt
And no it ain’t a gateway, beginning to a great day
Made me feel a great way, still fucking great, ay
I don’t give a fuck about no shape up, let’s get it started
If I don’t shape up, I’m dearly departed
Find your boy dazed, stinking up the apartment
I guess looking back, drinking’s where it started
I was 13, yo I thought it was jiggy
Son rolling round drinking Cisco and 151
Now I’m almost 30 and worried about my liver
Yeah it make me shiver and so I pray to Shiva
So fuck a shape up, I said "call me when you wake up"
Made 5 stacks off a show, get your cake up
My life is for the taking, dough you can rake in
If you don’t got a conscience say when
And where, I’ll meet you, I got a whip
Probably shouldn’t be driving in the fucking state I’m in
But there you go, textbook drug seeking behavior
I don’t even know, Jesus think I need a savior
Think I need something, couple things
Yo Mey, you could meet me, bring a couple things
Leaning off that codeine, you can spot me from the limp
Yo I’ll meet you at the studio bring a lobster and scrimp
I should’ve never told that doctor that my neck hurts
Now it’s 5 am, running around the sector with Hector
I’m blowing cash man, can we work out something special?
Off the record reckon, spit a free verse for your record

[Outro – Heems & (Meyhem Lauren)]
Is that good? Is that enough bars?
Can I get my fucking shit now man
(Yeah I got you)
What is that 29 bars, how much shit get me?
(Imma hold you down son, just cross the street right, go in the building. There’s gonna be a nigga with a mink hat on. He’s gone point you to a little girl on a scooter, she’s rocking a blonde wig. She’s gone hand it to you, alright? Good looking. One.)