O.C. - “O-Zone”
[Emcee(s): O.C.]
[Producer(s): Buckwild]
[Scratches: Roc Raida]
[Sample 1 (Melody): Pete Jolly - “Leaves”]
[Sample 2 (Drums): Power of Zeus - “The Sorcerer of Isis (The Ritual of the Mole)”]

[Verse 1: O.C.]
How shall I
Begin?  Ah fuck it, the win.  Come out on top
Bruised but still, in all, I’m winning in the end.  O-
-period-C-period, you’re fearing it.  Next to me and
My mic, rappers are just inferior
My posterior pose not my brain, but secondary
Mic to mouth is how I drag down adversaries
Let me give you a brief bio: O’s not based on (style)
Innovations are my thing so I can go the extra (mile), I’ll
(‘ttack), attract maximum, rarely minimum action
Soon to be a club favorite ‘cause I’m the coming attraction (Tutor)
School an emcee with official competition
Parasol acapella—peep the weak competition
They solicit.  Is it live or Memorex with lies?
Scared to use intelligence, your methods are irrelevant
Home writing poems, the wrong niggas touch, the mi-
-crophone blown up.  I’m calling your bluff (Get up)—step into
The O-Zone

[Hook: Samples with Scratches by Roc Raida]
“Your first time will be your last earth memories” - Sample from Prodigy on Mobb Deep - “Shook Ones” (x4)

[Verse 2: O.C.]
My trusty mic will never get rusty, write rhymes day
And night, Mushine, I’ll put your lyrics in a bind
Like the ink out, the steel blade penetrate ‘em
I weighed him up and downsized, made a move, laid him, now
He bare gashes, wounds are exposed
To ones writing music, now he’s a decomposer
Foes are flammable in its entirety.  Step back
A hundred feet or so ‘cause what I let loose is fiery
Fisticuff slips are blistered, non-dread
Rappers wanna sell ‘cause it’s hot, so they could lip-sync
Claims they rips it, “Yo, man, I can flow.”  So what?
Every one, two, or three bars, all I hear is a cuss.  You ain’t
Impressing me, manifesting meaninglessness.  This is
The second verse, so I’ma seal it off like this
Here’s an invitation to be facing me, to seek
Salvation for proper education.  Step into
The O-Zone

[Hook: Samples with Scratches by Roc Raida]
“Your first time will be your last earth memories” - Sample from Prodigy on Mobb Deep - “Shook Ones” (x5)

[Verse 3: O.C.]
O.C. in his zone, arcade is cannabis (Hit this), my ar-
-senal of stock’ll leave your minds lost in the mist.  I’ll pick
You off one at a time, line for (Line), rhyme for (Rhyme).  Give me
An encore.  O.C. be light, soaring like a condor
Effortless, one of the best at this.  Man, the money
I’m worth to most governments will leave a big deficit
Magnificent on my own drip, natural
Saturated by the blend of beats Buckwild present
Control the soulless with mindpower hour after minute
Every second, trouble-shooting, never die ‘cause I’m infinite.  When it’s
All over and my physical shell just rot, rhymes’ll
Be left behind and cold blow up the spot.  My presen-
-tation you’re tasting, I’m basting in your face and this is
Camp Crystal Lake and I’m Jason.  Step into
The O-Zone

[Hook: Samples with Scratches by Roc Raida]
“Your first time will be your last earth memories” - Sample from Prodigy on Mobb Deep - “Shook Ones” (x5)