[VERSE]

Yo, you don't know my name from my alias
One of the craziest men alive, but I'd say I'm the sanest
The nature of me, I'm favourably, a hated MC
A danger. The saviour of this game, what it needs

Ain't praying for fame, just aiming to gain what I need
To be, spotted and speed to the top of my league
I drop on the beat, make your heart flop, stopping the beat
Watch, you gonna see my CD in a shop on a street

Near you. And no mere man can stand in the way
Once my foot is in that door, then I'm gonna stay
I'm in it for the long haul. Gonna go all the way
Gonna show all the lames. Gonna throw em away

And ya'll know on the day it happens, D-Day
DeJi day. Ya'll gon' have me on replay. Belay your actions
Stop what your doin. Got the focus on me now
Cuz if I never make the stars, A&R's are senile


[HOOK]

You better recognize... My skill is rare
Recognize, my flows murderous, might kill the air

You better recognize... I'm one of a kind
Recognize, I'm on the grind. Success on the mind

You gonna recognize... I'm uncompeted
Recognize, the player of the game, the rest are just pieces

Yeah, see it clearly, prepare your eyes
Deji's the name you gonna recognize


[VERSE]

If you ain't noticed, my flow twists and turns, non-linear
Ought to wash rappers mouths out with soap and vinegar
Time to punish like Big Pun did
Gonna go on till I'm one hundred, don't give a fuck if I'm funded

I've been lost, stuck under-ground
Frozen, like a tundra. I roared and thawed, now I've come ta
Run the game. I'm the missing link, been reborn as
DeJi Vu, I used to roam as "Deji the Saurus"

I'm the purest, made up of all auras
Non-porous, form is formed of all the rawness
I've absorbed, I'm equivalent to what aleph-naught is
Not just anyone could say all this with such sureness

Tryna escape poorness. I deserve more than this
I deserve an audience. Naughty girls from the orients
All the world, like Nas. So I can be hauling it
Like Atlas, holding the celestial sphere. Yeah, I want all of this

[HOOK]

I supply golden hits, like opiates. Self-promoting this shit
Throwing it out free. So you know how dope it gets
So it's stressful. I'm getting no hits
Need more likes, need twitter clicks. This shits ridiculous

I'm putting more work in than every celebrity
Aired on TV claimed to be the best thing this century
It's tempting me to burn and download their MP3
Sample their shit without clearance on an MPC

Makes no sense to me. They getting big bucks earned
All they doing is just quoting those same old buzzwords
Heads in the sky but I'm underground
No matter how much ya'll motherfuckers try, you couldn't find a dumber sound

I'll take the form of a thunder cloud. You get stuck down
Let loose and bring order to the game like Zeus
Get a clue if you don't think I'm the new, latest
And greatest. I'm hungry, I've waited but now I'm out to take it


[HOOK]


[VERSE]

Ya'll rappers 16's, sweet like teen girls birthdays
I been the hardest to do it ever since my first day
To say commercial MC's portray Hip Hop, takes nerve
They probably spend their days on cosmopolitan surveys

The airwaves filled with trash in repetitive cycles
Might go wipe those DJ's out with rifles
They trifle the name. Yo, go get a clue, jerks
Learn from true pioneers Kool Moe and Kool Herc

Do your old-skool work. All your causing is misery
To move forward in life you first need to study history
Nobody gave the gift to me, this ain't christmas
I earned my presents. So you better respect my presence

Smith & Wesson's blow the hinges off the door, I enter
Taking over the whole club if they won't let me be a member
Remember the name DeJi Vu. Nobody stopping me
I'm aiming for the top, trust, you gonna see a lot of me