[Intro:]
I'll hold on to the gun
Why should he hold onto the gun?
Cause I already got it motherfucka!

[Scratches:]
"Apathy attacks like asteroids or avalanches"

[Verse 1: Apathy]
Welcome to Hell, I'm Lucifer's Lieutenant
In the School of Hard Knocks I'm the superintendent
Treat a ho like a ho, why would you get offended?
When 90% of y'all are all stupid and pregnant
Bunch of freaks, hotter than summer heat
No wonder brothers creep
Pick up lines work when she's slower than a Southern beat
I'm livin' proof I can get in these booths
And make rappers turn pussy I'm a give 'em a deuce
My shit is the truth
North Face and Timberland boots
I'm '92 2Pac, readin' scripts for "Juice"
Yeaaaah
You got the cash, I'm a rob your ass
Stick you with a stocking mask
(You out for the doe)
C'mon you gotta ask?
I'm good with the guns, good with the funds
Run and your shit'll get done
Riddle your body with metal get rid of the evidence before the detectives come
So clear a path for the bully in a bull dozer
Booby trap the trunk with a pump in case I'm pulled over
[Sirens] [gun shots]

"You're welcome. You're all welcome!"
[Gun shot]

[Scratches]
The fuck you wanna do, come and see Ryu!"

[Verse 2: Ryu]
Lord have mercy these dudes are dookey
I don't even wanna hear it, please somebody shoot me
Put me out of my misery quick, I am through givin' a shit
I am officially on a mission from a different planet
A solar system with some nerdy equipment
I got the faggotron cannon pointed at your position
So quick and efficient
Come have a listen for yourself, take a peek at my kitchen
You better loosen up your belt
More flavor than a frickin' rotisserie chicken
Who left the mic on?
Holy shit, Jiminy Crickets, I am an icon
Turn the lights on when I finish
I treat beats like a pipe bomb and I just lit it
Fuck your iPod and every trash rapper that's in it
Come snuggle with a python, it's fun for minutes
It's been a lifelong dream, now I'm seein' the fruit
The DGZ killin' machine, the R-Y-U
Suck it

"Y'all came in to see a show. We want everybody cooperation, in the place tonight."

[Scratches:]
It's Esoteric, what you expect dude?

[Verse 3: Esoteric]
Ayo ready set, machete rip
Fly kid that'll never jet
The coolest tattoo-less motherfucker that you ever met
You got the nerve to spit about how you murder cliques and bust guns
But those are just two other words for for tits and cock hammers
And those are just two other words for dicks
And for a couple clowns like y'all it seems that's a perfect fit
It's like, make yourself a dang quesadilla
I'm drunk off this Buckwild shit, don't let me near that case of Dilla
Shay’s a chiller lady killer, for reala, erase your villa
Above Freddy, Jason, Godzilla, I'm devastation, Attila
Y'all cats be on the bus like you're fresh from jail
The only carrots y'all be holding is for your son's lunch pail
I unveil the unreal, a done deal, you punks fail
Shit, we go in on beats like y'all go in on two for one sales
And I assume you know my man Celph’ll ruin ya
Remove your piece from the Pterodactyl, y'all be Dinosaur Jr's
And I'm out

"Believe me sir, he's not human!
But are you aware that he tortured them with a refinement of cruelty? "

[Scratches:]
"Celph Titled's known as a gangster to some"

[Verse 4: Celph Titled]
Fuck a bitch, I'm on some borderline rape shit
I'm puttin' one in the oven and it ain't a fuckin' Duncan Hines cake mix
I will put a few stacks on your spine
You are a money back guarantee, plus I'm out my mind
Where's the catering service?
I need to feed my ego
Sit at home, smoke, collect checks and eat Doritos (yeah)
Drive around in a $60, 000 car
Douse your ma and pa, got at least 60 gallons more
Manipulate metaphors, I am rhymin' raw
I am the Human Torch, of course I got firearms
So henceforth
What you say is irrelevant
I'll put the metal in your chin like Kanye's skeleton (oh my)
Disintegrate flesh when lead enzymes chew
(Even your windpipe too?)
The hollows went right through
My marksman trainin' is ill when I clap and spark it
Use your kids trainin' wheel as a practice target