O.C. - “Time’s Up (Buckwild Original)”
[Emcee(s): O.C.]
[Producer(s): Buckwild]
[Sample (Multiple Elements): Les DeMerle - “A Day in the Life”]
[Scratches: Roc Raida]

[Verse 1: O.C.]
You lack
The minerals and vitamins, irons and the niacin
Fuck who did I offend.  Rappers, sit back.  I’m ‘bout to begin
‘Bout foul talk you squawk, never even walked the walk
More less destined to get tested, never been arrested
My album will manifest many things that I saw, did
Or heard about, all told firsthand, never word of mouth
What’s in the future for the fusion in the changer?  Rappers are
In danger.  Who will use wits to be a remainder?
When the missile is aimed to blow you out of the frame
Some will keep their limbs and some will be maimed.  The same
Suckers with the gab about killer instincts will turn
Bitch and knowing damn well they lack in this division
The connoisseur cracking your head with a 4-by-4
Realize, sucker, I’ll be the coming like Noah, always
Simmer you down, perpetrating façade and what you
Consider an image.  To me, this is just a scrimmage
I’m feel I’m stone, not ‘cause I bop or wear my cap cocked
The more emotion I put into it, the harder I rock
Those who pose lyrical but really ain’t true, I feel

[Hook: Sample with Scratches by Roc Raida]
“Their time’s limited, hardrocks’ too” - Sample from Slick Rick - “Hey Young World” (x3)

[Verse 2: O.C.]
Speaking in tongues about what you did but you never done it
Admit it: you bit it ‘cause the next man gained platinum
Behind it.  I find it ironic, so I researched
And analyzed.  Most write about stuff they fantasized
I’m fed up with the bull on this focus of weed and clips
And Glocks getting cocked, and wax not being flipped
It’s the same old, same old just straining from the anal
The content is not complexed or vexed, so why
You pushing it?  Why you lying for?  I know where you live
I know your folks.  You was a sucker as a kid
Your persona’s drama that you acquired in high school
In acting class, your whole aura is Plexiglas
What’s-her-face told me you shot this kid last week in the park
That’s a lie—you was in church with your moms.  See, I
Know.  Yo, slow your roll, give a “good to go”
Guys be lacking in this thing called “rapping just for dough”
Of course we got to pay rent, so money connects, but, uh
I’d rather be broke and have a whole lot of respect
It’s the principle of it.  I get a rush when I bust
Some dope lines I wrote that maybe somebody’ll quote
That’s what I consider real in this field of music
Instead of putting braincells to work, they abuse it
Non-conceptual, nonexceptional
Everybody’s either crime-related or sexual
I’m here to make a difference, besides all the riffing
To traps I’m not sticking.  Rappers, stop flipping
For those who pose lyrical but really ain’t true, I feel

[Hook: Sample with Scratches by Roc Raida]
“Their time’s limited, hardrocks’ too” - Sample from Slick Rick - “Hey Young World” (x3)