[Intro] [Celph talking]:
I told the bitch to go to the store to get me a dutch and a 60 watt bulb. So she can see my dick in a new light
And she said, "Motherfucker, who do you think you are? Some kind of royalty, some kind of don?" I said, "No bitch
I'm the top Chef Celph Boyardee. I'm in the motherfucking kitchen with Buckwild and my man Laws." So the bitch went to the god damn store!

[Scratch Hook] {x4}
"Feel the vibe, check the favor"- Beatnuts 'Straight Jacket'

[Verse One] [Laws]:
Yo, check it
Laws, the ex addict with a Philly habit
My dome piece is 24 karats, silly rabbit
So save your tricks for kids, we some of the last left really rapping
Kicking below the surface, but still established
We well known from the pent house high rise
To the beach front resorts where they sip on Mai Thais
To west coast cities where you need at least nine lives
Where gangs throw signals in the air like wi-fi
Y'all could step up, but why try? That's bad business
I'm the ruler, on my side, there's mad digits
Probably thought you was a baller till I threw mad D in the love of your life, now watch you back pivot
We at the spot that you can't reach like when your back's itching
And rap needs only two genres: fact or fiction
You might have thought that I forgot my roots
But now they call me Hollywood cause I have you in the cast chilling

[Scratch Hook]:
"Just fasten your seatbelts cause aaaah slaughter, I'mma make it melt"
"Love it, leave it, bring it, sing it, yeah, got it"
"Whoa, man, I'm still too great"
"Cause when I bust I lick shots like a shotty" - Notorious B.I.G. - All Men Are Dogs

[Verse Two] [Celph Titled]:
Post man gone postal, killer with my delivery
Word mechanic, you got nerve damage if you ain't feeling me
Will Celph Titled sell out any show?
Will Lil' Wayne look like Whoopi Goldberg when he's old?
Hell yeah
So y'all know I'm supplying the crack
Fire attack, can't size my rap on seismographs
My styles a neglected kid...never apparent/a parent
Surprised you with a flow nobody compares with
I'm from a town with a lot of crabs in a bucket
But I be on some mobster shit, claw my way out of it
So me and Laws eradicate frauds
Haters, and wack rappers making songs and mixtapes, they are
Unnecessary like a Rocky sequel
You throw a kick, you embarrass all karate people
Talking like you run the hood from the barrio's heart
But when you come through, you speed through like Mario Kart
Motherfucker

[Scratch Hook]:
"Just fasten your seatbelts cause aaaah slaughter, I'mma make it melt"
"Love it, leave it, bring it, sing it, yeah, got it"
"Whoa, man, I'm still too great"
"Cause when I bust I lick shots like a shotty" - Notorious B.I.G. - All Men Are Dogs

[Bridge] [Celph Titled]:
So party people if you with us, say "Hey"
And keep it Godzilla
"Everyday"
So party people if you with us, say "Hey"
And while you slept I had to
"Use my AK"

"While you slept"
"Nobody's iller"
"While you slept"
"Nobody's iller"
"We barbecue and grill ya"