Eddie Ill & D.L. ft. Writers Guild - “Writers Guild Freestyle”
[Emcee(s): Loer Velocity and L.I.F.E. Long]
[Producer(s): Buckwild (Original Instrumental from O.C. - "Time's Up")]

[Intro: L.I.F.E. Long and Loer Velocity]
L.I.F.E. Long: One, two.  One time.  Loer Velocity, L.I.F.E. Long, Writers Guild.  Aha.  Eddie Ill & D.L.  Haha, my man Ellie for chopping up this.  Yo, one, two.  Your time’s up.  Haha, Writers Guild.  Ayyo, Loe.  Yo, Loe.  Time’s up.  Time’s up.  Yo, yo, uh
Loer Velocity: One, two.  One time.  L.I.F.E. Long, Loer Veloc’, Writers Guild.  One time.  Eddie Ill & D.L.  Hahaha, in fast forward.  We got Big [?].  What?  First star-walk through.  Yo, yo, yo.  Time’s up?  Yo, check it.  Aight, yo

[Verse 1: Loer Velocity]
These tactical capitals: L-O-E-R
Brings it like Japan brought that shit to Pearl Harbor
Sayonara, Mr. Permanently Mascara
Contusion type is soothing like abusive barbers
Mass-producing lava, these waters raise the temperature
Within the center of all perpendicular perimeters
Opposition, listen.  Technician in talk
In my walk, there’s no linger of pursuing default
But your sentence is chalk, silhouetted, embedded
In your forehead, I’ll leave logos, let Latif wear your Polo
Finesse this thorough.  Delicacy in workmanship
Seeming like the lyrical within my birthing kit, yo
I’ll be working it like when I’m hurting it with phallics
Loe extract the malice [?] roughened and calloused
System imbalanced, silence cognitive verse
Turn your image to nothing, I’ll be your everything thirst

[Verse 2: L.I.F.E. Long]
We continue with abundance of verses, tossing phlegm across avenues
From Manhattan to Upstate and Sony purchases
We’re collegiate, well-rounded, educated, dispensing intense
Sentence for crowd appreciation.  Got dedication
On mics like Eddie Ill & D.L. on WUSB 90-
-point-1 stations.  Son, we’re coastal with this
My clique’s the modern-day superheroes.  When it’s troubling an ear
Appears a Stronghold fist.  My gift’s swung
For your tip.  Stars revolve around, over your dome after
You’re hit.  Cracking bottles over your dome for you to wear
If the glass cap fits.  My craft written in Writers Guild
Script.  Spit for respecting chips so I could purchase
Dip and add flavor to my pockets.  I’ll stay cunning
Hand me your tape, we’ll use it for instant overdubbing.  Love
Hip hop—that’s why my words be hugging.  Using Centurions
Power Xtreme to get to the main point and theme
In the dark, my words be used as high beams.  Equipped with vocals
Involved for all y’all rap fiends.  Insert this in
Cassette decks to experience high.  Continuous moves
While the rest y’all just try.  Yo

[Verse 3: Loer Velocity]
Yo, nickel-plated Berettas used for personal vendettas cause
[?] reactions ‘cause actions turn to feathers
These letters of ingenuity embody fluently design
Some deaf with communication.  My shit’s as visual as sign
Make sentences resign, recline and call it an evening
Through all seasons, through the nostril cartilage lesions
For reasons apparent, a fraudulence deterrent
Corresponding creatively, by all means coherent
Your physical’s transparent—weight you hold is not dense
In the cabins or your lungs, I done made the air tense
No interference clearance in the airspace regulation
I Emancipate your styles, holding it down as Proclamation
No drips on your lips like your whole façade
Loe knot a nigga’s sight like the mystery god.  Not compli-
-cated or hard, right in front of your grill.  That’s
The reason you don’t see it.  Complete it.  Writers Guild

[Verse 4: L.I.F.E. Long]
Built on top of foundation of skills.  Moving domes
Around like windmills when I spill syllables in a
Tranquil bedding, so place your bucks and start betting
On the thoroughbreds way ahead of the finishing lines
Steady formulating designs, rhymes that’ll quench thirst like
A fully [?].  I got a urge to splurge
I’m eating the comp like Drake's Cakes.  I’ll pull levers back
Raise the stakes in the rat race, so I give out prostates when I
Penetrate, attach blades to feet, watch cats skate from
The world-renowned great.  I’m crushing your favorite rhymes
Similar to smashing grapes to produce wine.  Fully refined
In my prime.  Drink chemicals that’ll turn Jekyll into Hyde
Read until my brain gets overloaded and fried, then bounce
Tossing tracks from Venus at the ones who claim fly

[Outro: L.I.F.E. Long and Loer Velocity]
L.I.F.E. Long: Writers Guild, one time.  For Eddie Ill & D.L.  Yo, peace to Elliot for cutting up that.  Writers Guild on that.  Strongheezy!  Big [?].  Haha, Cvees.  [?].  Hahahaha.  One time
Loer Velocity: What?  Writers Guild, one time.  Like that for Eddie Ill & D.L., D.L. & Eddie Ill.  One time [?].  My man, Big Elian, no doubt.  [?].  We got it like that.  Writers Guild, how we do?  Yo, yo