[Round 1: Charron]
I said, it's The Smack Killer
Nah, it's an angle I won't take
You ain't a Smack rapper, you're a wack rapper that ain't been poppin' since '08
And I ain't usin' gun bars, that shit is so fake
The only time I pull out the Sig' is when you battle...for a smoke break
When you battled Diz' he was weak as hell
When you battled Pat, he was weak as hell
You're famous from Fight Klub, we can tell
Your opponent are Edward Norton in  Fight Club, they just beat themselves
And you're from Brooklyn, right? You from Brooklyn, right?
Nah, I was talkin' 'bout Math when he hit him with that Brooklyn right!
See I'm white, but you make every trailer trash
I'll show him the ropes with this ink; sailor tats
Plus, you're a barber, that just makes us laugh
I was gonna ask if you cut your own hair
But we all know you get your fades from Math!
But I know, I know, bringing up Math is old and cheap
But real gangsters don't get cracked and go to sleep
They get slapped and hold their cheek!
This a pitbull versus a Bichon Frise
No Dalmatian, I'm takin' your spot, dawg: I'm a different breed
Get washed in a minute clean, no Listerine
Jonesin' for the smoke: nicotine
I could've went right on this square; Billie Jean
I'll have this pimp see death without sippin' lean
Your girl's a slut, she tricks for free
The whole team juicin' like Blitz: The League
She'll give you brains for dead presidents, that shit will be history
She got the top down like JFK's limousine in '63
Pimpin', please!
I'll pull up in that Monte Carlo
When I take your gal away it ain't a spot in Scarborough
I'm here to bury money, you don't know where you are though
Price on his head, I would chip in like Steve Buscemi in Fargo
These days you're plain, you ain't got the bars, though
You have to go back in time to bring the house down: Donnie Darko!
This ain't America, you ain't gonna hear a Don Demarco
I'm a Canadian killer: Paul Bernardo!
See, when Jones on the card, they're like, "Dawg, that's wack."
When Charron's on the card, it give them that feelin' like Obama's back!
You've never been arrested: insomniac
Oh my God, that's wack
Ayo, Caustic, I want my PayPal deposit back!
But Hoffa's in the building
Don't worry, I got your back
He won't get in the way
I took care of it, I made sure he had a healthy breakfast today
See I want Bigg K, Dizaster, Iron, or Rone
Not a guy that's so old he uses a landline as his phone!
First it was Verb, now it's finally Jones
All I need is Head ICE, and I could open up a retirement home!
I got my eye on the throne

[Round 1: Serius Jones]
This is true shit, I can't make this shit up
Earlier me and my man went to Jamaican Truck and got some jerk chicken that's foul
Got niggas feelin' shitty now
So he went in the stall and guess who came next to him spittin' his rounds?
So, he's gon' talk about Math, [?] cool, I get it now
He said, "I could hear a little bit but then he started whisperin' and then I heard a hissing sound
You know what that means?
You wasn't even shittin': you was pissin' sittin' down!
Aww wow
So my first battles was in the cafeterias at lunch or in the park
I love this culture and the art from the heart
But you know everything in the light was once in the dark
And when you see a bird flyin' high but goin' 'round in circles unless they got somebody to pick at
You should've known they was vultures from the start
I been in the gym, they see him, but it's startin' to be like prom
It's a bunch of kids that don't know bars yet
But they went online for the punch
See now y'all done brought this twat
Man I'm not tryin' to get arrested in Canada so please don't call the cops
But the contract says we can't fight in the venue but it don't say nothin' 'bout the parkin' lot
I mean, we could just stop all the fuckin' gimmicks
One minute somebody come and film it
Or we can get two straps and a pair of shoe but nobody jumpin' in this
See you don't violate the god then apologize with a devilish grin
So I'ma tell y'all just like I tell it to him
If he ain't tryin' to shoot the fade after this don't bring that niggas name up in my battles ever again!
Right, facts! Back to this asshole
I feel bad bro
Cause you be in the light but you just can't pass all of the shadows
Something always happens like you was supposed to battle Aye Verb here, something happened with travel
Then you wanted Dizaster, then I 3-0'd him
Then Pat after he whooped yo' ass so now Math's here and they don't care about you
All they wanna know is what's gonna happen after this battle
Poor Sharon
Oh y'all ain't know it's not Charron? It's Sharon
And they said, "Nah, beware you fear him."
I say, "Why? Sharon is Karen
And Sharon lives at home with both parents!
And Sharon's parents have a really great marriage..."
I said, off the rack everything you wearin' is clearance
You flow basic as your style of dress, picture you teachin' the kid
Nigga you make Real Deal look like Malcolm X
I mean, y'all see how I did mechanic on DNA
Well they say you mentally slow for real
So fuck gun bars if I give you tools it's gonna be to work on your motor skills
Like okay, ah-ah-ah-ah that's how your flow just feels
Break that shit up you need some Golden Seal
Separate your fingers
Let your shoulders and your elbows chill
I mean it's like when you screwin', you supposed to get your nuts and bolts, you know the drill
But you too tight, that's why the bitch in you can't Laura Tar-see I forgot, you a ho for real
You one of these new generation of dudes that's been fakin' the true inspiration
You a wound: that's a white dude and a racist
Congrats on being the whitest guy ever on Black Entertainment
But it won't be E.T. when you gotta phone home
'Cause you shriveled up wrapped in a blanket
Gettin' interviewed in a basement, you're basic
Face it
You can't kill me, I speak off life experience
You shouldn't have taken your death for a joke, nigga: life is Serius!
That's one down, let's go

[Round 2: Charron]
See, Sharon's parents had a real nice marriage...
Real shit: that's something I never do
But I'll flip that to prove I'm 8 miles ahead of you!
See, you call me B-Rabbit, but I'mma hit him with battle facts
How can I be Eminem? You never made a recovery after Math!
See, it's the Jersey killer
I killed Arsonal, Suge, and came to fuck up the rest
I want Surf: I pushed Tsu aside for a couple of vets
What I did to Jones' town? Massacre: I'm here to punch you to death!
I done took y'all fans, cooked y'all mans
I brought fire to Jersey like racist football fans!
Listen bro, your shit sounds old
This new era ain't a good fit for Jones
You can't outwrite or flip Charron, there's a gap between us
And it'll take more than a diary for you to bridge it, Jones!
But wait, I said that verse Chilla, why am I recyclin' rhymes?
I'm saying bars from last year, you're saying bars from 2005
The stuff you say ain't up to date
I bet you think "defeat" bars are fuckin' great!
And you think you're the next person Lux should face?
Your lyrics have aged as well as Lux's face
You need to layer your writing, make it more concrete
Add some double entendres to help you reach your top peak
I'm trying to help your writtens so you can drop heat
I'm teaching you to sell this pen: I'm the Wolf of Wall Street!
See, you overconfidently tell shitty jokes and mix in some frees
Use the most outdated bars and simplest schemes
You haven't changed a bit from the way you spit in '03
You'd figure a self-proclaimed pimp would have more tricks up his sleeve!
But you're a Fight Klub legend
Now you're broke, so they brought you back
Battlin' in front of pool tables was the last time you saw a RACK!
That was your cue to hit up King Of The Dot for scraps
I heard he's had empty pockets ever since he got blackballed by Smack
You're the only legend in this sport that's not a legend anymore
You went from "Yoooo, you were crazy versus Jin!"
To "Yoooo...you had a debatable with Jimz?"
But they say you've never been bodied
Well, look who you're battlin'
Last time I got  Bodied was for a movie they wouldn't cast you in
See my last opponents, we should boo 'em off the cards
Verb? Jones? These dudes ain't got no bars
Just a bunch of watered-down oldheads like Futurama jars!

[Round 2: Serius Jones]
People gon' want you to lose
Call you a liar, that's the side effect of being the truth
They say I rub rappers the wrong way, well shit, sue
I don't get paid to be a masseuse
Yeah, I put up my mackin' hand, now I'm a family man that had a plan
But after I battled Dizaster, I got a bunch of Arab fans and a pack of Stans
Sending shit to me, 'bout how you a troll, you be workin' off of trickery
But a picture just surfaced of this prick and he
Got the clipboard goin' door to door servicing energy
So furnace delivery...let's talk about it
So furnace delivery, I know that scam
Where you target the old hurt and the sickly
And you say "Hey ma'am. Your furnace is gonna go out. This winter is gonna be murder and blistering
And you're gonna want to buy it and purchase some shit from me."
That's cold!
Because you charge them double for heat then you burnin' 'em literally?
Wow! I never thought that you'd be in sales
Why didn't y'all tell me that's what ch'all meant when y'all said he's "Nice from the door and be ringin' bells."
But you know, there's too many Lush's in the culture
You know they tryin' to be fake plugs and then they short circuit
And burn out jack
They'll have you burnin' the machine just because they took your money
When you get it shakin' wit 'em they turn out snacks
See I'm tired of niggas talkin' 'bout my writin' is trash
That's an Ave bar but y'all gon' worry 'bout Ave bitin'
Fuck it, I'ma have him bitin' the Ave
See battle rap fans, y'all suppose to be smart
I don't mean nerd type scholars B
But you ain't gotta go to college to receive reverse psychology
So honestly, when you see me talkin' 'bout violence B?
When I been on IG like, "Yeah it's Jones and I got the Glock wit me."
But ironically, you see Charron with the Glock and he
Holdin' it sloppily
Lookin' like he 'bout to let it go and Chedda Bob Chedda Cheese
They wanted Havoc, I gave niggas the beats even when they Mobb was Deep
But I guess anything sick will cell, I just Keep It Thoro, RIP Prodigy
But we gon' do this the easy way
[?]
I'll really show you how to have a 2 on 2 with 100 Bulletz in your DNA
I said The Smack Killer? No I smack killers
When I get snuffed on stage then the streets happen
But the Smack Killer when he gets smacked, he raises the arm
Then holds his face and tries to keep rappin'
I mean bro, the battles over once you got a hand print as red as a rash
I mean, but what if I splashed your face with gas and lit the match
So in the future, you can't even take your mask off, unless they give Corey a graph
See you're basic, bland, uninterestin', no flavor
You got the body of an 8th grader
You could pass for a waiter or a gay neighbor
Farmer Jones, the haymaker that washed all the naysayers
The game changer, the player talkin' with the blazer; Craig Sager
You need some bass layers in your voice and weight gainer
Pat Stay's trainer, you should've kept the beard I might give you a shave later; straight razor
Hardware hit a nerd's mainframe and erased data
Or a gun butt'll, then a rebuttal, til you forget what you gon' say later
Let's say you can freestyle better than me? What else can you do?
In terms of hip hop? What is your legacy? What makes you so better 'bout you?
I have never heard this and never have you
"Charron is the best ever, I mean dude those sweaters are the TRUTH!"
The battle rap virgin, that's the image of you
Now I'm startin' to feel like you
All you got is used shit against me
So you can't even heat up this house unless I give you the energy to
Oh my God, it's more to combat than your finishin' move
So I can tell you, "Look at me when I'm killin' you" too
But you know what's happenin'
I don't even care if you look the other way when you dyin', that just makes it no look passin'
Oh my God, I'm magic son, you're Magic's son
You're a faggot, you're a faggot bro
That's two down

[Round 3: Charron]
Yo, I said I used to sell HVAC, that's how I'm stackin' some bands
I can definitely sell you an air conditioner cause you don't have any fans
But wait, he's calling me the scumbag, this is coming from a pimp to me
I've sold furnaces, you sell girl's bodies and dignity
How you gonna hate on a man from grindin', I'm just givin' him facts
Yeah I've sold furnaces but I still made ridiculous cash
I could call out Cassidy for half a million, this shit is facts
I'll be throwin' out more chicken than Jimz vs Math
See this is my last battle, I hope you guys don't forget me
I made it to TV, I'm just tryin' to see how far Wild N Out gets me
Plus I'm just uninspired and {laughs} see I'm smilin' already
I'm just joking, if I was Serius I would've retired already
You don't spaz, you beat people at they weakest
Last time we saw Serius black was the Order Of The Phoenix
I got haters, I hope they happen to peep this
I could I not have an ounce of skill all my battles are 3 zips
You're on life support, I breathe this
To sum it up, I'm too ahead of my time; that's a Fibonacci Sequence
Add it up, subtract it, I broke his division down to fractions
This square roots on a- ain't no one tryin' to hear that shit
I decided he'd feel right at home as I put y'all to sleep with this Math shit
See, man, why you doin' that? You talked while he rapped, that punch wasn't cheap
Reminds me of your music career when he put you to sleep
You think it's ludicrous he got dropped for Disturbin' Tha Peace?
See even my setups bring down the building; 9/11
You were the man...in '97
You're ruining your legacy, this guy's a legend?
I will put dawg out his misery; I Am Legend
And you're in title contention? For like...Don't Flop
For-for here? We're 'bout to go down the drain
If you became King Of The Dot champ I would blow my brains
In your blog you said I was racist, that's how I know that you're lame
How can I be racist? I only took this battle so you don't get the chain
But wait, they said, "Serius could freestyle so I might be in trouble."
Flips are for rookies, I'll teach you how to mid-round rebuttal
See today I was watchin' Dunn D and I'm thinkin' this cat is witty
Then I heard that motherfuckin' faggot Big Kannon diss me
But listen man, you ain't even on my level, I wouldn't call you a PG
You want to see me Wild N Out with a Cannon, bitch watch me on TV!
I'm militant, bitch I got Rambo's mind
I don't think you can do this, I let the camo' shine
Motherfucker, shout out to the damn host, I let my man go shine
Slice slow, Maestro, Let Your Backbone Slide
I could rebuttal every scheme he got, he gets dropped
I cook for two minutes, flip, then keep cookin'; Pizza Pop
What do I gotta do to get the battles I want? This is actually crazy
I guess I gotta learn Russian for Dizaster to take me
I'll clear Bigg K's record so he can finally take me
I guess one of my family members has to get sick for Iron to take me!
So tell Diz' I'll kill him for 60K or 100 bucks
Tell Rone, it's time, enough's enough
Tell Bigg K, I'm the best, he's the runner-up
Tell Carter Deems....nah I'm just playin'! He'd fuck me up!
But I believe you're a pimp, I bet Serius runs it
We know you ain't a John, Jones you ain't never had Serius substance
We're both in contention I made Serius plummet
I don't care if I don't get a title shot as long as Serius doesn't
That's three

[Round 3: Serius Jones + Charron]
Ayo, red flag: a lot of stars come across sideways, just like your Confederate flag shirt
See, you're an intelligent fag jerk!
And I'm 'bout to kill you for everything you said in that last verse
Okay, I'm a grimy pimp? Fine!
Well, this guy's a bitch!
That gets paid to fucking lie with tricks
To you, that's what govern mint
You a bloodsucker, so now I got a itch
To scratch, like I fell on a pile of ticks!
See, I'm the premiere in Canada! This just in! True, tho!
You not a leader nor a Jones factor
You're a little white bitch, singing the same song
But even Norah see that Charron backwards!
"Norrah C" is "Charron" backwards?
Like "Boston" backwards
No, not like Boston, though! Not like Boston!
But that was crazy!
"Not Sob"? That's crazy!
Even Norah see that Charron backwards
Uhhh...everybody's a legend-killer until the legend kill ya!
Get familiar!
No, in Spanish: we get familia!
For touching on my seed, I'll put your brains on your dog just so your pet'll feel ya
I mean, if this is-
Pfft...that's crazy, right?
Is this what we've come to!?
Lacking the talent, so we acting like wack shit is valid?
"Oh, well, they didn't prepare for Jones 'cause he's not that much of a challenge!"
Is that what y'all respecting from y'all so-called killers, B?
I know y'all know them, so they want them to win with me
But SUCKAS make excuses!
CHAMPIONS make HISTORY!
See, I wrote this sitting in my new foreign
Parked outside the projects I used to live in
And I wondered, "What position is he writing his shit in?"
You know what I envisioned? A cushy suburbia!
Where if you HAD a gun, you learned from your dad to aim!
Nigga, I grew up with murderers!
You had to wait 'til your shit come off the belt first like baggage claim!
I'M the one that put battle rap on TV!
I brought jokes and slow flow
You benefiting off the work I put in grinding on the strip!
So, how you wildin' out with me
When the only time you worry 'bout a cannon firing, it's Nick?!
Oh my-! (*laughs*)
I mean, all right, why you acting like game shows is what we get in the game for?
What you get, a thousand a episode, and maybe one paid tour?
Well, if you said I sell cocaine and whores, and they make a thousand a night
Then, at the end of the year, who makes more?
All right, then!
So, SURE! I fucked up, money!
But it's bumps in the road less traveled
But why y'all think they tried to lock me up, money!?
Shit, I been going in the vault longer than Cortez battles!
Man...and as far as my battle with I.C.E, they said that was debatable
Well, that door, I'll leave that closed
But ask him, O!
It's like a igloo: I didn't expect a I.C.E round to be that cold!
But, I said, but, um...I'm here to wake the countryside up
'Cause a lot of these birds is acting cocky doo-doo
I'm PAST where you at! Most feared!
Get out of space, I'll send a rocket through you
See, I'm a different kind of plug
Overseas I can adapt, and still sock it to you!
They can't shield you from my spear, it's electric
Boy, I'll Shaka Zulu!
I get brutal!
You know what you lacking? The soul of a warrior!
That's just 'cause you grew up in a total euphoria
See, Charron wants the glory
It's just, his motives is corny!
I mean, he says him and his moms talk about his favorite bars
Well, Miss Sharon...
Liam Neeson voice: "I will find you, and I WILL FUCK YOU!"
And even though I'm killing your son, I still love you!
See, we gotta uplift one another!
So, I'll take his mom, pick her up, tuck her in under covers
If she sick, give her some lemon and tea
But what she really wants is big dick from a brother!
So, yes! (*laughs*)
I WILL fuck your mom on her deathbed
Then slap you on the lips with the rubber
Just to prove to you that I am ONE SICK MOTHERFUCKER!!!
Make some noise, man!
Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on!
I said, I didn't have to write away for him
I'm on the right side of the street
HE can go first!
You been riding in MY lane!
You should've stayed in the bleachers, though, twerp!
'Cause I'll hit the corner with the arm out the window like the blinkers don't work!
Aw, man! You know what?
But it's cool, though!
I'm done with him
Just make sure y'all watch this again
I had to have a little fun with him
And you know I know you were FEELING it!
You got the crown, but not yet!
I should smack you for that
But that's all right, I'm not gon' do that yet!
SeriusJones.net! Let's go!