[Round 1: Pat Stay]
Alright listen
I got pretty wild last event
I felt bad for that night
Til I just saw a blog you did where you said you asked me to fight
Tsst, yeah right
Just when I thought this shit calmed over
You was in the washing room with a boner, I'm pissed all over
I fucking hate you
These dudes saved you
I should've caved you
Left his body in the old shed like a snake do
Call me an Aryan, it's only right you'll get straight boots
And that's just a metaphor for how long I lace you
I hate you
Drag you from here to Scarborough and scrape you
Isn't it crazy how far this rap shit can take you?
I hate you
Be thankful, we don't gank you, shank you
Erase you, cremate you, send you up to Cadalack Ron to freebase you
You see PH he'll say, "Damn, P ate you!"
Yeah, cause that's how Scotia do
Every time I'm close to you
I start getting this serious/Serius jonesing to start Dose-ing you
All them stupid faces you making in people's verses you spoken through
I just picture him going "WOOOO!" then BOOM!, he folds in two!
When Math hit you I was like, "Homie's wild!"
Saw you sleeping standing up and was like, "Holy cow!"
It was a camera phone so it was hard to catch it
He's still swinging, they aren't connecting
Well I'll be damned, this motherfucker is narcoleptic
Who says we need a bed just to have a little snooze?
Why cause a scene? I thought it was a stand up thing to do
Like honestly, do we always need to fall asleep?
So his legs were a little wobbly, we don't know how long he was on his feet, alright
He was exhausted!
Aye, this gon' be a clear loss
We are not the same, you plain/plane, you make my ears pop
I make top tiers drop tears and drop tiers/tears after
I'ma have to-
{Pat gets distracted and angered by presumably one of Serius Jones entourage}
I had a clear shot like Smirnoff
Should've smacked him upside his head, made it tilt like he's getting an ear drop
I'm sick of these so called legends thinking they can take a bunch of years off
Turn they backs then come running back cause they're broke and their career's flop
Fuck that!
I ain't hearing it bro, I put in classic after classic, ten years in a row
I lost my voice last time but now I'm clearing my throat
And I'm 'bout to make an example out you
I really take this shit serious/Serius Jones
Listen to me
Rock Steady like pyramid stones
Rob everything from his cell to his TV like he screen mirrored his phone
I am forever the heir to the thrown
The chain I'll share it with Rone
But tonight is a necklace I'm wearing his bones like the hunters of Sierra Leone
Listen to me
I'm out for blood and you shark food, dart you
With every needle in the pit from Saw 2 and draw through them all too
Talk through my shit and after when I spot you
Both hands up and it's not noon
Get your clock tuned
And you ain't running nowhere, you will not move
Shots through your feet look like you wearing Croc shoes
I can't believe he thought he could beat me he's so average
Round 1, Jones is done, closed casket

[Round 1: Serius Jones]
Okay that was cute right
I said um, you supposed to be a warrior, a gladiator viking
But you had us all shocked god just like Zeus
When the last battle instead of thoroughbred you showed up like Mr. Ed
Talking horse/hoarce trying to put it on Nik that night
Truth? Well right then me thinking your punches would be magic/B-Magic disappeared like poof
So I'm back to rip you toe to toe B/Toby
'Cause you thought you was the coon to/Kunta, let you beat my name out by cutting off da feet/defeat
You out your cotton picking mind, tonight we shooting white Roots
I mean, right there that transforms you from hard as white boy rock
To Barbara Streis' moist twat
So today guy I hope you gargle with K-Y
Yeah say something slick cause even if you wasn't lying/lion
Then that means your throat is a pussy
And how your voice box?
I mean, it don't matter whatever you got, you go to war
Niggas chop off one arm you use the other to hold the sword
Hollow took the wire out his swollen jaw
And you got the nerve to talk like you a live wire?
Fuck a mic, I should unplug your vocal cords
See, it's something about when you a champion, even when you hurt you still have to play
My man said, "Put blood hands on the bald (ball) face"
I said, "I will son (Wilson). And if the niggas you fed ex (FedEx) try to rescue you
From what I land (island) to the Tom blow his Cast Away
It's nasty! It's nasty!
Like Cortez "nasty!"
I said it's nasty when I give it to him through the bars
Like jail food in a box
And you can feel your shit running after I eat half the tray
I said I don't care if your bars is packed with punches, cause this ain't Patrick's day
I mean, you see how I cleaned Jimz up, but now I'ma do him dirty
It's like shop lifting bars
Cause you can come to get everything in store but one thing don't register right you gon' wind up losing 30
Remember, "10 bands, 15 bands, 20 bands fuck it man
I just lost 30 to the government
Never mind, never on my mind is another man"
And Patty's cake so hands down I got the upper hand
I mean, I give my man a G, you in the ER
See that's a manager
I mean, I didn't want to have to spell it out but my lawyer damn near had to can a DA for me to get to Canada
I said yo, you like the modern day Snow
Remember, "Informer {speaks gibberish presumably just like Snow did at this same part}"
I said, but when I draw on a snitch, I give a rat a tat
See you think this is just battle rap but it ain't congrats when
You see a pound and then a Pat on his back
I said, what you think? I'm supposed to kneel/Neil cause your arm strong/Armstrong?
Well don't be the first to go outer space cause we not in the states
Cause you get the point
And we seen how you back down with a Calicoe in your face
I said uh, off principle, I'm busting (bussing) kids in the field if you trip
If I bomb your mouth it will tap your lip
Why you be rapping and doing this?
{mockingly licks his lips}
Well, that's ironic because I feel Pat's a lick
I mean, how you gon' lose the chain, I mean for real Pat you slip
But don't worry because when this sick pimp come to the Darkside and hit you with an ill mac' you lit (Illmaculate)
Hello?
One zip, let's go

[Round 2: Pat Stay]
Alright you got me
My voice was fine I really just didn't want to battle you
Personally, I think you suck and eh, I did what I had to do
I'm not proud of it, but hey, I'm working on my attitude
But one word that describes why I'm here tonight: "contractual"
Dawg you fucking suck...crap...yuck
You're so behind on that word association shit it's fucked
This is his most stand out line from his second most recent battle
He ran this back twice too
And try not to laugh
If we- {Pat starts laughing to himself}
"If we beef over cheese you'll spill the beans to get me wrapped up
You trying to case a dilla (quesadilla)?"
Crap!
What I didn't understand is, how you didn't puke in your mouth when you said it
Then he has the fucking nerve to go like this {point to his head} like we don't get it
"Beef", "cheese", "beans", "wrapped up", yeah we get it pal
"Eh, I'll drink it whether I have a jug or not (juggernaut)"
Shut your fucking mouth
Dip shit
Yo that style's way gone dude
You said a hair/here line this year, shame on you!
I really hate this dude
More than a cord you gotta manipulate a hundred different ways and position straight just so it'll charge your phone
I can't stand this dude
And all your self proclaimed titles got me madder than ever
You're not a legend just cause you're old and you've been rapping forever
"The King Of Battle Rap?" You can have it, whatever
You and the queen Rone can live happily ever after together
(But yo...yo that's my dawg I'd actually be jealous)
But yo, the Bar Lord?
What a dick cheese name
Bar Lord? Pretty gay
How 'bout something different similar like, let's see...fag
Pip squeak legs, 6'3" string bean, stupid little chick pea face, something you, ya know?
Or how about "old washed up bum" who just a few years back
Said, "Smack needs 15 racks to bring me back."
Now he's battling no names, once a month for crumbs
That speaks volumes my dude
You don't gotta lie and say you're doing it for the culture, it's cool
It's okay to be vulnerable sometimes, let him be honest with you
His pockets are tight and for a rapper his age this is the only thing profitable
There! It's out! It's cool dawg my pockets are too
Think about it, why the fuck would I go from Hollow to you?
I needed money right then and my only option was you
But like you had a miscarriage I'm still bodying you
Your punch will "give me chapped lips"? You serious?
Serius is useless as Future using Siri is
I couldn't be more at ease if I heard I had beef with Serius
Be like, if you fight with your girl and she goes out for the night
But then remember she's on her period
But he thinks he's tough right now cause he got some boys around him
Til I scalp him and rip Layers off like I copied Royce's album
Don't wanna see me wilding, I'm a fucking animal like GG Allen
I'll pick this bitch up like cheerlead practice and Chuck Jones like the artist for the Loony Tunes series classics
But I'll keep it rap cause you ain't built for that
Little brittle ass ain't even been in a scrap
Every time you give him dap his fingers crack
And if he has, he lost every single match like he deleted his Tinder app
Jesus riding to Bethlehem in a hurry, psst, I'll whip his ass
Give him the next round I feel bad for his bitch ass

[Round 2: Serius Jones]
I said um, if Pat Stay is a Sucka Free Boss then who the fuck's the crew?
I mean what's up with dude? Because it's true that you do the most non free shit that you literally have to suck to do
I mean for instance, if you smoke meth
You crush it then, you plug it in, you light it then what?
Suck the stem
If you smoke grams out of Coke cans then you poke a hole in the side, put something on top, light it then what?
Suck the tin
I mean when you bit the Hollohan that fed you, that was some sucka shit
But for views you said fuck your friend
What did y'all do together? When you juice up, tie a vein and go "oooh" and suck it in
I mean, sucka shit
I mean, and what do you mean when you like, "Sucka" and "brotha"
I mean tell the truth, where you got your swag? From watching Shaft?
I mean, this ain't a full roast, but let's let some truth sear him/serum
Because I don't know what kind of heads you been hanging next to, but you out the loop wearing hoop earrings
But speaking of hooping, if I say I'm D. Rose-ing that's no bullshit, that means I'm popping joints
AKA, even though we in Toronto, there can still be a shooting guard (god) but that's not the point
I said I just left New York court
But you never even balled or had nicks/Knicks
You was on a spree, well (Spreewell) the center of some big shit is what you in (Ewing) cause I know all Pat tricks (Patrick)
First he hit you with some, sarcasm
A couple jokes then y'all gas him
And then he goes into what shall now be known as "a bar-spasm"
That's when you're like, "I'm the god blasting
The force, I've been forged in my moms back in that lodge cabin
When my pops orgasm all happened I'm so hard rapping
I can open palm slap him
Quiet as Charles Chaplin" and that's when
Y'all start clapping
To me, that multi shit is kid shit
But this big bitch, 6'6" and diss kids that's autistic?
Fuck this lame doing? Face shoot him until you in space, drooling
And your brain moving a little different, now you can relate to him
See, just cause you bought coke from Scotians don't mean you from the streets Patty
They said, "P...fassi. When we see him we feast 'pon him
But just cause they split your cocoa bread don't mean they gon' cover your beef, Patty
See, everybody know Jones got hustle in him
Hoes love his [?] we gotta duck the system
But y'all ain't got no struggle in you
You just sound like a fucking victim
Pat be like, "What you know about migraines?
Where your mind strains to the point you wanna tie a vein
And feed your cock to a pit like you fly planes."
This guy's strange
Fuck my old classics
It's not debatable that all I do is homi
Yeah I've been at the docs/docks, transferring weight, but I want a new body
That paper turn a nigga to monster, ori-goon-gami
Yeah I was too nice with I.C.E., well today I brought Horroh and Suge; that's two Shotty's
You ain't the type of white boy to grab a Tommy and ghost 50 for The Power
But you do take videos of yourself shitting while your girl's in the shower
So, it's weird when you mean cause where is the steam for your career though?
Cause you look scary on screen but your daily routine says "Weirdo"
That's 2-0 let's go

[Round 3: Pat Stay]
I'm from the pimp capitol of Canada so I'd never disrespect the game
We all know you're a pimp, cause you brag about it everyday
I used to think that shit was cool cause shit, them dudes be getting paid
But since I fell in love with my girl's daughter, my perception changed
Now that's where me and you got a problem dude
Fuck this battle, as a man I need to talk to you
You need to watch your mouth cause now you got a daughter too
And glorifying it is all you do
Every blog, every post, every song you do
Bunch of pimp shit and dawg it's cool
But just remember she'll be watching you
I'm not hating on pimping I'm just saying it isn't honorable to
Put it out there when you got a daughter, you say
"Never love these bitches cause feelings will get you killed
Put them bitches to work, bring daddy his bills"
I felt that
Until, I looked this child in the face
A smile that could make a grown man cry in a powerful way
Like how could you take this from her, her values and strength
Just a low life piece of shit, a coward a snake
A fucking a [?] me, in a passionate way
Cause where I'm from...man none of them got daddies these days
This girl works at a hotel, it was salary based
Now she works out of the hotel at an hourly rate
Cause her daddy didn't take the time to clean the path that he paves
Now she's going through more men then a Latter Day Saint
Bro do me a favor
When you go home look in your baby's eyes
And picture another man...calling her "bitch" and make her cry
Manipulate and lie, infiltrate her mind
While he sits and waits outside
Some cheap motel for his money, while she's getting raped inside!
And she don't get a fucking dime
I've seen this shit a hundred times
"Shut up bitch. Here, sniff another line
Now you owe me." It's how it works
Make her a stripper than strip her of her pride
Now I'm not saying that's what YOU DO
But that line is pretty fucking fine
Oh but you ain't hearing that
Bro, aren't you scared of that?
The day you see your daughter out and she's wearing "that"
People staring at her like, "Where the parents at?"
But a pimp knows her money, that's where it's at
He got her dipped, fake nails and the hair to match
And a cheap boob job, that's a clearance rack
Yo, he wants to box 'em, but when he looks at him and stares back he sees himself
They're both cons, it's a mirror match
But you know the worst part about it? You're a broke ass pimp
A fucking low class, no cash, slouch ass pimp
Got arrest two years ago at the mall for shoplifting
Should've ran faster at that parking lot, pimping
Aye! Fuck bars that shit is real
Now everyone heard your story
And you doing this stupid shit only confirms it for me
Fucking loser, still pimping little girls and turning 40
What a role model, probably have his own daughter working for him
Piece of shit
I feel bad for you, honestly dude
Pimping little girls
Honestly man, pimping little girls, all your small little scams
You need to grow some motherfucking balls and stop being scared
Haul up your pants and get a real fucking job like a man
I'm from the pimp capitol of Canada, remember that
So this shit I just said, might get me beef when I'm heading back
But I knew that'd be a risk and I accepted that
So I don't give a fuck about bars you should give me respect for that
Time

[Round 3: Serius Jones]
Ayo, this nigga made a whole round about me having bitches
Well you know what?
I done sold drugs, I got companies and you know I've been doing this for a while all over the board, that's greatness
But when they write me in the history books, I'ma be upfront
Funny that you gon' be on the back pages
I said, you know I do got a new daughter, that's actual
But it's funny because that must mean I'm pimping you because right now
I'm 'bout to be your daddy too
I said you know what? But in your rounds, it's good what you've done
Cause this is baring not boxing but this whole round
I'ma use boxing to put you in one
See, in my corner, we'll do you greasy on your face when you cut
Yeah I been official in that Mills lane, but if I'm in this ring
That mean I'm breaking you up
See I can't knock your crown off so I'ma knock your crown out
And y'all see, I ain't coming with no straight angles, that's a round house
See it ain't how many times you get hit, it's how many times you drop
But we don't even count the number of punches in your rounds cause look at the comp' you box (Compubox)
I smoldered this culture like Clay, but I started where the cash is (Cassius)
And if you tried to rope my dope then I'll leave four men (Ali/Foreman) on the canvas
"Ali", "Foreman", "canvas"
I said, see this is the black Rocky vers' Drago
I'm fighting Irish and I box Italiano
No I'm not Jay-Z but I will jig a nigga and there's a few selling rock in Marcy I know
Rocky Marciano
That mic tie son (Mike Tyson) when they jack dem, see (Jack Dempsey)
You know, cough a lung
And when the price of that sugar raise (Sugar Ray) we robbing son (Robinson)
See we do you doing all this moonwalking and dancing in the ring, I guess it's okay to be funny gay
And I seen you get fucked over by the Don King
We not saying that makes you a Pretty Boy but I'm not sure whether (weather) the Money May
Aww man
Y'all with me? Boxing!
I said no jab, but that bitch you in love with look like a Bob
And her weave's bad
You battled to knock of steam but you Paco Jeans, you just seem/seam bad
I said if it wasn't for drugs you'd prolly really be trash
How ironic he only gets into his rhythms with his punches off a speed bag
Aww man, I said fuck my record deal
All I need is these bars to go pop on you
You wanna check my record, deal
It's heavy metal on it so it's only right I go rock on you
See, you Cold playing
And I got Bare Naked Ladies that serve corners but
My Queen a nina and that drum will get under your skin she got some nerve on her (Nirvana)
I hop out the Van, hailing (Halen) leave 5 Maroon when I shoot through
Duok duok duok, and if you don't tell
These (D's) MC's to run you Walk This Way I might air a Smith (Aerosmith) at you too (U2)
Close your doors
Give you that Megadeath when I cold bang your head
You be happy I did it when I send a shot through your skull
Now you Grateful Dead
He said, "I'll slit your throat with tears rolling down my cheek"
And y'all said, "Whoo!"
I said, "Look at you emotional."
When we kill we don't feel none boy
But if I was crying while I was cutting your cords
Baby it would be tears of joy
But, enough of the metaphorical violent descriptions
Let's get into some rhetorical obvious scriptures
Like, who am I?
The first nigga that brought jokes and conversation to battle
The first street nigga to have a classic played on a channel
Went from DVD's to MTV to BET
Now you 'bout worth as much as in the Six as Meek CD's
But who you though?
A former hemi fiend that juices and squeezes in tees
Rock Kangols and creasey jeans
And usually battles geeky dweebs
I mean, I'm not saying that you a girl
I'm just [?] in this shit
Not only did you get washed but on camera
You gon' be under the suds buried and you just got your whole World Dominated in the Six
Let's go!