[Intro - sampled from "Full Metal Jacket"]
Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: What's your excuse??
Private Cowboy: Sir! Excuse for what, sir?!
Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: I'm asking the fuckin' questions here, Private! Do you understand?!
Private Cowboy: Sir, yes sir!!
Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Well, thank you very much, can I be in CHARGE for a while?
Private Cowboy: Sir, yes sir!!
Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Are you shook up? Are you nervous?!
Private Cowboy: Sir, I am sir!!
Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Do I make you nervous?!

[Canibus]
The mortorwar holds you down
Brown round before battle, get pussy when I get back to town
Armadillo skin folds, lock jaw like a pit bull
On full moon man switch to wolf
(Full Proof!) Verse from Hell to Turnbridge Wells
You never seen an MC do it this well
Everyday we battle at St. Germaine's Chapel
It's practical, I'll smash you and nobody laughs at you
The Ripper rips you up, drag you behind the Basilica
They find drugs lyrics and blood, I hit you up
Lonely heart, vocal throwing dart Oligarch
Creates art from a upstate New York motor park
And won't get off his high horse to come talk unless it's important
And it could cause a spark but it's dark so he stays dormant
You don't want it, you just act like it
Your style ain't flawless, you just rap like it
I'm level 3A like Curtis Lemay
The Blackhawk bird of prey with superb taste
I re-inject my blood to give me a buzz
Then I re-inject the buzz to blow out your earplugs
Scrub your eardrums, suck the air out of your lungs
You combust in a vacuum of solar flare from the sun
I walk through a gestalt of thought
To the sound of a harp from afar playing the notes I was taught
I was caught, sold, shackled, rebought
Global mind forced to restart my rhymes skipped forward
The HRH of time and space
And rhymes through the bars my lines displace
Concentrate, mitigate concrete debate
Great how I create what you hired me to make
Extrapolate update rap at a rapid rate
Fans hate it cause I can't practice everyday
Numismatic treasure chest stashed in the attic
Spondulix in exchange for the musical magic
With 2 tablets placed on the cabinet
I wonder who will grab it, If no one does I'll have it
Both lobes connected flow been perfected
Whatever method, select it, let's spit
Incredulous lyrics, the breath of life spreading through the spirit
Hip-Hop never knew what hit it!
Stubby beard, chubby skin under the hair
I spent my wonder years carrying nothing but guns and gear
With a focused rap flow, tongue snap like a hybrid bow
My quotes end up inside ya throat
Respect for Hip-Hop balance the biosphere
But I been there before so why go there?
I soar through the air, my clarity so clear
That my Dhali Lama prayer give me cauliflower ears
I been rhyming for years, climbing the Monastery stairs
Being involuntarily prepared
Spit, feed the faith, quarry bait with a mixtape
The release date will make you shitfaced
I spit till your ears break, slam on the airbrakes
Spit smears your face and restricts you airspace
Stereoscopic aerial objects
I seen up close but I ain't got no comment
Beneath curvaceous gable and dark thatch
You experience the art called Dark Rap
Now you can all clap! (echoes)