[Intro: Wyclef Jean (& Freddie Mercury)]
(Are you ready, hey, are you ready for this?)
(Are you hanging on the edge of your seat?)
I need a break beat, uh
(Are you ready, hey, are you ready for this?)
(Are you hanging on the edge of your seat?)
I need a break beat, uh
(Are you ready, hey, are you ready for this?)
(Are you hanging on the edge of your seat?)
I need a break beat, uh
(Outta the doorway the bullets rip)
(Repeating to the sound of the beat, hey)

[Verse 1: Wyclef Jean (& Freddie Mercury)]
Yo, a for the kids in the club that's ready to get bugged
(Another one bites the dust)
A for the dogs with the burners, that wanna blast off
(Another one bites the dust)
And for the kids on the blocks, shootin' at the crooked cops—blaow!
(Another one bites the dust)
(And another one gone) Wyclef
(And another one gone) Dirty Cash
(Another one bites the dust) Young Free, Freddie where you at?

[Verse 2: Wyclef Jean (& Freddie Mercury)]
(Steve walks wearily down the street)
(With the brim pulled way down low)
Some cat up in Brooklyn just got robbed with a Kangol
(Are you ready, hey, are you ready for this?)
(Are you hanging on the edge of your seat?)
(Out of the doorway, the bullets rip)
(Repeating to the sound of the beat, hey)
My man got shot, and the block got hot
(Another one bites the dust)
Yo, hey I hear more shots, this is like Fort Knox, kid
(Another one bites the dust)
Yo, hold your breath (And another one gone)
Hold your breath (And another one gone)
Hold your breath (Another one bites the dust)
Yo, check it

[Verse 3: Wyclef Jean (& Freddie Mercury)]
If you're a soldier at ease
My military style is known to murder Nazis
Brooklyn to Germany (Oh yeah) come on
My kamikaze will blow the U2
They hire Idi Amin in Timbuktu
Whether you Hindu, or do the Voodoo
You can't foresee this unless I bring the previews, yeah, yeah
Yo, it's the number one rappin' band (Come on)
Yo, this review will be critically acclaimed
Leave you in critical pain, clinically insane
The name Wyclef Jean, with a yes, yes y'all
Better have a vest y'all, I'll blast, and bless y'all (Oh yeah)
F-y'all, the mark of the beast, the triple six
Time running out, listen to the tick (Oh yeah)
If you see what I saw, then you seen what I seen
If you know what I know, you know what I mean (Oh yeah)
Commanding officer of the Navy SEAL team
Once I give the orders, you feel the infrared beam (Oh yeah) Blaow!
For all you critics, sayin' "another remake"
(Another one bites the dust)
Yo, if you know the deal, this is the master reel, kid
(Another one bites the dust) (Oh yeah)
(And another one gone) Right
(And another one gone) Right
(Another one bites the dust, hey) Freddie Mercury, where you at yo?

[Verse 4: Wyclef Jean (& Freddie Mercury)]
(How do you think I'm gonna get along)
(Without you when you're gone) (Oh yeah)
I need a break yo
If you're ready for the first of the month
For that welfare check, come on (Kicked me out on my own)
I need a break beat
(Are you happy, are you satisfied?)
(How long can you stand the heat?)
I need a break beat
(Outta the doorway, the bullets rip)
(To the sound of the beat, look out)
Yo, bulletproof vests, like the wild, wild west
(Another one bites the dust)
Yo, this is a stickup, now take off your Rolex
(Another one bites the dust)
Yo, dirty money, good money, yo it's all money-money
(Another one bites the dust)
Yo, Dirty Cash (And another one gone)
Dirty Cash (And another one gone)
The adventures of Dirty Cash (Another one bites the dust)

[Verse 5: Pras (& Freddie Mercury)]
Yo, for the love for the cash, I'll blast you in my path
Keep my eyes on the math, you cats don't know the half (Oh yeah)
As far as I'm concerned, you cats can burn in flames
This ain't no game, I'mma start callin' names (Oh yeah)
So come get me, if you know the one-fifty
A million refugees ready to bust with me (Oh yeah)
Bloody, filthy, in this rap shhh—
You gonna have to kill me, since you can't beat me (Oh yeah)
Pras, Dirty, Cash, you're the greedy
Believe me, you gotta let me fly like R. Kelly (Oh yeah)
Bite another dust with my man Freddie Mercury
What height nineties got ya cash, wannabe crazy (Oh yeah/Navy SEAL!)