As I lay my head down to sleep
In true hip hop my soul will speak

[Verse 1: Canibus]
I quit giving a crap about rap way back
But this is poetry - something that they can't take back
Right ascension, nineteen hours and fifteen lyrics
Declination fifty degrees of sixteen spirits
From carbon I came, to carbon I return
It seems like ridicule is all that I've earned
Black lithium clouds
Maritime meridian bound
Rap music look how silly you sound
Insectoids, high pitch voice, fricking cricket noises
It's annoying like poison from Neonicotinoids
Tell me who does the Creator favour?
The one who loves thy neighbour
Or the intolerable self-hating hater?
Schlemiel! Schlimazel! Shmuck!
Which one of you cucks
Clean it up without making a fuss!
I'll continue with the assumption that everything I'm saying
Can and will be subject to misinterpretation
Tough situation
Hunting Huxtable season
Jesus
Where's Roy Cohn when you need him?
I thought they was bluffing when I heard 'em say
"The nigga gets nothing."
Feed is like insurance to the Buzzards

[Hook: Nappi Music] x2
Black lithium
They want our head in the clouds so we don't see how they puttin' it down
Black lithium
You can't take my mind from me

[Verse 2: Canibus]
I've released thousands of tracks, received plaques
None of that matters, I wanna believe that
Mic pressure in full power on U.S.S. Nimitz
Elevation is correlated to sea level systems
History is repeated
Patterns of a purge that is critically needed to bring balance to the world
These are not my words, however cruel those words may sound
This is what we are faced with now
They call it choice
I call it an adroit attempt to mind control our soul from a source
A source of power, not ours
We should own our own labour, and we have shown infinite patience
Yet! There is no mention, no concessions
We are stuck, marooned in a place that sucks
Continual with the assumption that everything I'm saying
Can and will be subject to misinterpretation
I don't know what we deserve for still believing these liars for stealin'
Cheatin' and deceivin'
Yes, remain humble
While Fireteam Raven rumbles
In a war wagon that'll pop your bubble

[Hook: Nappi Music]
Black lithium
They want our head in the clouds so we don't see how they puttin' it down
Black lithium
You can't take my mind from me

[Verse 3: Canibus]
I quit giving a crap about rap way back
But this is poetry - something that they can't take back
Write a message, twenty-three hours and nineteen minutes
Space station, thirty degrees and eighteen inches
Fortune and fame, steep learning curves
The phoenix bird that does not want to re-emerge
You know what they say about every day above ground
You embrace the hate, you can't save love now
Instinctually low p-pause control
Often found at some some old heads watering hole
Where you meet your pseudo-maker?
In a volcano crater closed chamber
Behold Satan, go and entertain him!
A deal and an oath is struck
Unknown to the deaf, dumb, and blind
You are told to trust
I'll continue with the assumption
That everything I'm saying can and will be subject to misinterpretation
A little bit of history'll tell you the present
I'll be a prophetic, the future might be already written
Unless we become brothers
You will suffer the suffering of the suffered through unjust judgement

[Hook: Nappi Music] x2
Black lithium
They want our head in the clouds so we don't see how they puttin' it down
Black lithium
You can't take my mind from me