[Verse 1: Phantom]
Metaphor mastery, microphone battery
Crews looking like high school tragedies
Spitting emphatically, I get verbally raw
Telekinetically fry, I ain't circus[?] you boy
Don't piss me off it will be your loss
I'll exploit like The Incredible Hulk's forearms
Look, I'mma straight test the spark
I'll punch your chest so hard your spine will look like a questionmark...

[Verse 2: Chino XL]
Yo nigga what, what, what, the real meaning of what
What's the last question I ask before I fuck your ass up?
You swimming in blood like Johnny Weissmuller pretending Tarzan
Verbal battering ram without Brad Pitt in Troy
Your Achilles tendon in not defending the honor of father[?]
One of my verses is strong enough after I spit
Shit, you don't pack adequate to get swang
We ain't laughing with you
We be laughing at you like William Hung
Kong, drag 'em to the tormenting
Morbid twister world of hurt
Paralyze from the eyebrows down
Wishing that you were never born
Breathing air, clouds going out of your nostrils
Apostle[???]
A barrel hotter than the Mohabe [??]
Shells tearing your body, shooting the [?] from your kemosabe
Understand me? sabe?
I make money like Ronald Reagan ressurected back in office
If you mad, say you mad
You be the man to [?] any rhymes Poison Pen has
I'm incapable of writing anything other than ill
Chino: Tarantino skill
Sicker than eighty [?]

[Verse 3: Crooked I]
Oh you shit talking niggas better find your muzzles[?]
You buff working out niggas, I Tech-9 your muscles
If you got it in your mind to tussle, fight to struggle[?]
I puzzle, I'll bust your bubble, your life's in trouble
When the semi-auto and Glock spray, you say "stop"
I say "God, they pitching putos, idiotic mayates"
Psychotic, catch as many bodies as Scarface
Periodically we bury them niggas out of your space[?]
Snitch on young Crooked? no you won't
You know how many crimes I commited? no, you don't
That's the point, snitch niggas is fast to point
Their finger at you, if it help them skip past the joint
And it's probably the same bastards that you pass the joint
When incriminating information are passed to [?]
I got the whole world respecting a G
I'm only dope 'cause real niggas excpect me to be
Consecutively, and never think of stepping to me
I got a Masters at killing, now that's murder at a second degree
Hating niggas can all die
The way I give you shots in rails[?]
Is similar to Generals bars fly[?]
And I'm the only giant walking under Gods eye[?]
My Kobe Bryant formation hard to guard, I
I embody the most prolific spitting in specific division
Listen I'm dissing, niggas are on trial[?]

[Verse 4: Canibus]
I try to enjoy my life with paranoid nights
I absorb what I write through the orb of light
Stand next to the high temperature oven, get sucked in
Fire ya brain and half a dozen Cerebellum muffins
When I start to spit you twitch, eyes itch
Die quick like an open-mouthed formaldehyde kiss
Now you can really say you outta' your mind
You alive but your internal organs be outside
Scattered across the southside, cause you ran out of rhymes
Cut you down to size, fan you with the wings of a fly
Jadakiss wanna know why, well so do I
The whole world's a big lie and I think I'm inside
Now and again, I transform into the fountain head
Spinnin' from within, Howard roark with a fountain pen
The spirit of Eva Braun on my lawn at dawn
I was calm but I still told the bitch she don't belong
Try to fathom who wrote the song
Try to imagine the passion it takes to grab a mic with a broken arm
A message to my brothers, a simple and invisible ink color
Cuz' big brother got things covered
Bless Phantom, you don't have to search for this no more
A piece of your core has now been completed, carry on
Whenever I spit bars three quarters of Special Forces pause
They wanna see what comes out of my jaws
Keep searching for Colonel Kirks til' he put you in a world of hurt
One air strike leave your whole world burnt
Apocalypse now, I dictate you copy it down
Ancient poetry delivered from a modern day mouth
Raid your house with a bull horn, call your name out
Shish kabob your head from the side, then pull your brains out
Make a piggy bank skull, get change from your mouth
Make a nice leather pouch with the remainder of your scalp
Change it around, rewind it, drop fifty frames out
Explain how you disappeared before the movie came out
The damage is collateral
I let family members on the battlefield, just so they can find the other half of you
I recruited you, my battle groups smash your troops
Trap you in a everlasting loop
"C" to the third power, Crooked I, Chino Xl
With Canibus, try to Phathom the smell