Omni, Oobi
Infinity ain't ready yet, sue me
Look what they tryin' a do to me
Detox, half dead, drowsy, that's how they found me
Howdy, let's get to the bitter end shall we
In the Area 51 bunker with [?]
Chance assigns each ripper their own personal housing
Walking down Downing Street just browsing
Knowledge god in the up army [?]
Listenin' to the album
Ezekiel a rain mac train by the train tracks
OK gentlemen breathe
I watched they shoulder blades relax
Expand contract
Tranquil beast strike like matts
Javelin Fangs and [?] the White Knights of rap
Master swat chief tussin
Iron Man [?] bunker bustin'
Ex [?] Dutchman, translate some Russian

Tell them impatient niggas to stop fussin'
And banging they knife and fork on the table
The chef's in the kitchen cookin'
What's the point in eatin' a meal that ain't ready?
Just to go outside and get punched in the belly
"You threatening me?" No
"Then why you questioning me, yo?
If it was me I would have finished it by now." So?
The only thing fishy is the jacker acting like he ain't with me
We keep it Puerto Rican rum proof, 150
Rip the disciple, one hand on the rifle
Both eyes on the title Santiago psycho
Joe the Butcher carve it up while tarantulas crawl on ya
Scorp the monk put the C logo scars on ya
Lord Zero, our hero
Architect provide the inside track
From his contacts at the Bureau
DJ Comma Infinite thorough
Infinity ain't ready
Cause we goin' through a music industry furlough
So pass the merlot and shut the fuck up
You ain't gettin' it 'til it's ready
And it won't gonna be ready 'til I'm done

Dead Man Walking just walked out the building
Soon as Pac turned all his music in they killed him!
Every time a artist get wacked they make money you faggot
Don't you think we figured out that pattern?
I ain't never made music just to make money off it
I ain't got no Playgirl Bunnies at the office
I ain't got no office, I'm Father Poor Pauper
They took my green card, I can't even fly over the water
So who ran over whose money?
Listen buddy, 10,000 bars never been done before dummy
Seventy dollars?  You spent that on at Benny Behana
Valentine's Day. "Why wouldn't you send me some flowers?"
A one month gym membership, a protein drink and a shower
Pop off the gas tank, 12 gallons
Drive through, a family of five
Three fat people, any McDonalds

Last album, USB drive's 10 hours, it's my album
Stop asking M-80 about it
Stop acting all childish every media outlet
Do you think it's a smart move
To waltz into the restaurant and be rude
What do you think they gonna do to your food?
There's five hours of free Infinity on Youtube
More than that when the rippers' mix in a good mood
100% truth, that's my statement
So anybody complainin'
Can't do a damn thing about how long it's takin'
Cause I'm the one that makes it
And you ain't gonna rush me just because you impatient

Who else got somethin' to say Bis?
"This is Infinity Detox, you got something to say Rip?"
"I think we forgot to say a couple of things boss
But that list was so long I'm not passively playin' dawg
I got your back, fuck it, I'm gonna do it myself"

[At this point, the lines are choppy and overlap]

You gotta hold it down
For every ripper who supported and helped
Infinite Phase showed me what DC told me
The rippers' abilities nullify numbers
We got our own army of creativity
And artistry the way it ought to be
People drop a PLOO tape every week
Slayers don't fuck with CC
But fuck with real rippers with real identities
Like Passionate and Maltese, RIP-K123
[?]
MC's blowin' ganja
With Andre the Beast, Presto, Trolla, East Tony
You know my niggas in the streets
(I'm in the bunk)
Listenin' to my lesson sing
Do the damn thing, it's a process
DJ, [?] King
Flux who came through
[?] Captain [?]
In the chopper flyin' over the tropics
[?] DJ Johan Solo
Mix it in the cockpit create mixin' my new shit
White bong with meta shape drawn
Designs the first PLOO spaceship, it's true
A colorful cube with rainbow exhaust
[?] pass along the fuel of the Gods
Copernicus monitored this
From the earth to the stars [?] ridin' shot
By Chandel spittin' bars, we picked up lace
Boom, the seven over[?]
Civilians reported strange lights in the sky
For 12 counties before it got too cloudy
Soul [?] drops the flare
I found him at Ivy chillin at the boundary
An APB comes out the speakers playin' loudly
Proximal and troubled, detoured on the double
Poetic spy through the Hubble
They saw him in the flesh, man
Fight Lizard Beast Face on Mars in the rubble
Watch out, enter coordinates
The BTA, was 10 minutes left
Hypodrive max supplied by Jackson
Now play that raw eight track
While I kick back trying to relax
Watchin' something important like battle rap