[Intro]
Ebro Darden: So we gon' get to these bars...
Lil Uzi Vert: If you pull up, I'm telling you right now, if you pull up one of them old beats I'm not rapping
Chino XL: Get the fuck outta here!
Keith Murray: Cover me! (Yeah, Keith Murray) I'm going in! Pause! Ecclesiastical. Yeah! Yeah, yo (haha)

[Verse 1: Keith Murray]
This is what we all sit down and write
You can't create, so you gon go lie and bite
Shoutout to Rakim
When it comes to spitting flem, I murder many men and all of them
Shoutout to Eminem, LL, Canibus, & Skarlit Rose
When it comes to this, you know how it goes
Socrates, histories, and philosophies
Can't compete to Keith Murray degrees
You can tell us, but you can't burn me
This is equations of eternity
Donald Trump was the first member of ISIS
Keith Murray is the nicest around like the vices
Fuck the Republicans (Black lives matter!)
I'm comfortable with my black skin
I'll put you adolescents in a midlife crisis
I'm a Big Mac, you a Lil Uzi
You Happy Meals niggas, I'll leave you woozy
You so-so in depth, [??I'll leave the elite street team bloody??]
Fuck your fame and your money
I laugh in your face, but ain't shit funny
When is a man amazing?
When he's living or death he's facing?
I'll put you in a coffin with a corspe
With your dick in your (?) next for basin
Don't count my bars, count your blessings
When I'm in the booth mic checking
And don't mic check two-step with a lyrical vet
I'll rip out your cerebral cortex
If your girl on the phone, leave her alone
She come to see the (girl?) out her bone
There's so many stories in existence, that it ceases neccesary to explain
But there's no explanation, the whole world know my name
Keith Murray

Hook:
Method Man: Time for a change of the guard, you've been arrested for lyric fraud now you barred, for real, check it
The Notorious B.I.G.: Take them rhymes back to the factory
Craig Mack: Word up, no rap no crap you bore me
Method Man: Strong, coming with my Clan so what's happening
Commercial rap, hate it with a passion