[First Verse: Kool G. Rap]
I'm biggest lifetime  combat
When there's beef with a dog cat
You rhyme with your peoples
You get put up in they contract
Two steps back rat a tat from the arm strat
Whether it be [?] face severs like a wombat
NYPD
Be careful where you place your palm at
Who's to follow up a tongue like Dialo
Body donated to science, lungs in a bottle
Playin', you lay flat as bums on a model
No drive by connect your ear drum to the nozzle
It's gunplay all day, I fiddle with clips
Spray shot in the middle with clicks
Get your brains popped to Kibbles and Bits
Halfway shots are riddle the risk
Ain't no way pop griddle with this
Don't call it New York this is Gun Ho City!
Leave your fuckin' head puffed up like Done Ho Diddy
Shit back on your stomach like a fat Ho's titties
Everything around me ugly, it ain't no pretty!
Don't cause the green if the slain thrown is iffy
Cock back the thing drop the frame in a jiffy
Nigga titsy hoes in your bladder screen
Up the risky
Fuck a fort, nigga turn up the flames til it's crispy
The flames on the side of your rings
Like rips in a [?]
Separate a nigga head from the frame like a mystic

[Hook: Kool G. Rap]
Don't call it New York, this is Gun Ho City!
(Laugh that sounds like Vincent Price)
Don't call it New York, this is Gun Ho City!
Don't call it New York, this is Gun Ho City!

[Second Verse: Canibus]
I walk in the room in the Dr. Doom costume
I consume, the plot resumes
Trust me you're the abductee
My trigger finger touchy
Try me, see if you lucky
Blam slam desplam motherfuckin' mayhem
Stupid you can't contain him cause you trained him
Love the bad weather, freckle faced lepers
Can't go outside, gotta stay together
Live's members don't attempt to announce my name
The brown sage one year away from my crown age
Count the ways my sound waves been downplayed
USA underground made, I live without fame
Hard labor for the data reincarnator
Rip your carborator out your car and chase ya, I hate cha
I'm the Gun Ho city mayor
Who's in charge out here? Who's the fuckface, huh?
Bang on you, done slang on you, Cani get on you
Watch who you talk to, my manager warned you
Violatin,' the rhyme weak you libate
Put you behind the gate with the five-eight primate
I improvise, explode, synthesize flows
Like your favorite MC with the wide nose
Grehan shell is a PSB hand held
In real time speed I could read fan mail
Rip the pound, blitz the town with a two or three round
You'll never want that to go down
Spin around and shoot at you
180 degree cupola , attacks to my van on Utica
Next stop Gun Ho city, nigga shoot em up
See rapper Canibus PLOO 'em up