[Intro: sample]
The world sees the apocalypse as a mystic cryptic message of doom
The first four seals are represented by four riders on four different coloured horses
Of course, much has been said and written about them

[Chorus: singer]
Moving up and moving west, can I ruffle any rest?
Everywhere I go I'm gon' ride on
Moving on, this is the test, can I ruffle any rest?
Everywhere I go I'm gon' ride on

[Verse 1: Ras Kass]
I'm a white stallion, gallivant with my battalion
Rustling y'all human cattle, no saddle
I'm the mustang, as good and evil battle on
War of attrition like Athenians at Marathon
White wizard, black hearted like Saruman
Madder than skinheads watching marathons of the Jeffersons
Liminics still transform like Megatron
I rise out the sea like Poseidon ridin' megalodon
Nigga, that's a 67 foot shark
Slap you with the good book, stab you with the bookmark
Let's play cowboys and aliens
The Universe on Wild West, mount up the posse put on Al's vest
Colt revolver, ivy grip gunfight O.K. Corrall this bitch
Get popped in the back of  the thinker like Wild Bill Hickok
Aces and 8s place bandanna's over our face, stop draining, blow Satan

[Chorus: singer]
Moving up and moving west, can I ruffle any rest?
Everywhere I go I'm gon' ride on
Moving on, this is the test, can I ruffle any rest?
Everywhere I go I'm gon' ride on

[Verse 2: Tragedy Khadafi]
Aiyo, I move like strange forces, bulletproof Porsches
Immaculate bosses, disciples on pale horses
Nemesis squeezing a mac from a black pegasus
The game follow my rap lives just like a Methodist
Rose and holy grails, guns I'm blowing steel
Lies I spread 'em like viruses through your modem ill
Contagion biochemical spills most real
I'm burning church, slay the Pope so he won't tell
My projects is jail cells parallel to Hell
Crucifixion, iron nails in the bellies of whales
Deceased demons on the faces of all of their bills
The tongue of man kills and nations get divided
[?] flesh rotten
My ambiance like palms daily arms
With a high conscience holding llamas under both armpits
Screaming [?] riding shotgun with holy prophets
I invade upon, yeah I've been a don
Never sell out like Robert Johnson in Viacom
Lines of firearms held by millions of dons
Destroy and conquer, wash niggas up, Ghengis Khan

[Chorus: singer]
Moving up and moving west, can I ruffle any rest?
Everywhere I go I'm gon' ride on
Moving on, this is the test, can I ruffle any rest?
Everywhere I go I'm gon' ride on

[Verse 3: Kurupt]
Rhymes deriver fools, metaphysical
Promise I rock rhymes like Nostradamus
I hit Earth like Halley's Comet
Just reaches poddomena, my bitch is Andromeda
I go about a million mile per second
I'm protected, I'm respected, I'm a veteran
I came out the war and didn't have to walk on all fours
The hog even though I'm a dog with gold paws
Look, Ceasar bread
But I won't die by the hands of friends, I'm impenetrable
You can put your hands on the Sun and get scorched
I'm the one, they call Gotti the source
Grimlock, now watch me trasnform Megatron
I'm the don Optimus Prime rhyme
That pierce your soul second to none
My footprints are on granite
I change graity and reverse it and change the whole pace of the planet
You's a a buster, I can't stand it
And next time I see you go
I'ma make sure with the [?] put you on the flow my nigga

[Chorus: singer]
Moving up and moving west, can I ruffle any rest?
Everywhere I go I'm gon' ride on
Moving on, this is the test, can I ruffle any rest?
Everywhere I go I'm gon' ride on

[Verse 4: Canibus]
Dead cap bounce right on top of your house
Evacuate everybody get out
Sigourney Weaver got a naughty beaver
In the cabin with a Labrador Retriever and 4 horse breeders
I smeel puss creeping through the bush with Big Foot
0600, take a quick look
The war profiteers selling poisioned water in bottled beer
Sit at the table, say a proper prayer
Bullet dry suit walrus, Helios squad transponding
Good morning to the HRSMN
Abduct the Hip Hop orders which is to recycle their carbon
Make them brush their teeth with IG Farben
Kick ass [?] while you crying with your ethnic bias
You motherfuckers should have been a hair stylist
Foul tongue [?], staff poach your young
My fight weight about half a tonne
The newborn cut its way out of the womb
With 2 horns, still suck a titty on a futon
Gentlemen, my minions number the 1 centillion
The riot gear Centurion

[Chorus: singer]
Moving up and moving west, can I ruffle any rest?
Everywhere I go I'm gon' ride on
Moving on, this is the test, can I ruffle any rest?
Everywhere I go I'm gon' ride on

[Verse 4: Killah Priest]
The Death horse, pale rider
Hell follows, shells are hollow, el fire, El Diablo
My horse stand on hind legs as if its was boxing your neck
To my fine blade, I spit like I'm chopping
9 ways, shoutouts to Stockton
Crime pays, my face in the stocking
A safe I can pop in and a length can be dropped in
What I say is toxin
I'm taking your oxygen, I'm a ox within
My octaves catatrophic, optic lens
Can't see me using [?] within my lungs
Over my tongue, the mic, I cock my limbs
You comprehend the prophets of sin
Come back to life, get shot again
My lasso is made of black crows
I twirl 'em like a merlin, we don't want the flesh
We attack slow, gats blow

[Chorus: singer]
Moving up and moving west, can I ruffle any rest?
Everywhere I go I'm gon' ride on
Moving on, this is the test, can I ruffle any rest?
Everywhere I go I'm gon' ride on