[Hook: Canibus]
Rip the Jacker
The beat like there's nothing too easy
I said fuck it, I'mma show these niggas somethin'
Rip the Reptilian
Hot but cold blooded
Rip your fuckin' face off
I feel like you runnin'

[Verse 1: Canibus]
I spit verses the hardest
God ain't make me no promise
Mad up in your eyes
God made me the monster
[?]
So run Attila run
But just remember I can smell you when you bleed
Big black bat wings speed
I run you down in the street
No hard feelings, I just wanted a bite to eat
Eat the skin off a human being
People meat is very sweet
The Spittsburgh Beast worked an hour a week
I am nine foot eleven, I was born 2007
Let go, I board the giant starship called Little Heaven
Kite weight, my skeletal structure different from ya'll
Now babble for the angelic [meta?] once more
EEE Optimus Prime when you die
Live complex, do this to make the hyper Rubik's cube twist
Watch him chop it the remix, who gave proof of this infinity shit?
Complex complex complex complex
You know the name, now show some damn respect

[Hook 2x]

[Verse 2: Canibus]
I ain't runnin' I'm just hard to impress
My T Rex tail wrapped around your necks
Doin' weight room sex
Rip the Reptilian Viking
Part time cyber part time violent
One million raps read across the [?]
Countin' my love you'd probably be the only survivor
Experience makes you tired before it makes you you wiser
The irony of me rhymin' the rhythms timeless
A slip dividing the iris on the mic talkin like this
I went from a regular laser guided lyrical hybrid
To a lyrical cynical reptilian with gingivitis
Hold your tongue out over the lighter
That's for being a biter
Gunpowder's for being a dick rider
Listen I know you don't listen to much hip hop. "But now I..."
Shut the fuck up! You still a dick rider!
Captain Cold Crush just got colder
Gold plated kubotas
Chrome plated collapse [?] the onyx black soldiers
Burlap hands show the host you match your finger grip toasters
Still kill you with my bare hands
What a joker
He walks in they talkin'
He walks out they report back to the source that ordered them to stalk him
What is it they want from him?  He doesn't have it
They ransacked his cave lookin for the [?] Cro-Magnon
Majestic mix master, architect of disaster
Rip the Jacker, the viceroy of reptile boy language
I spit a mix at 'em like Spanglish
Straight poison to the pancreas
Apollo 11 complex B12 moon based massacre
[?]
Generation X mechanical mandible write backwards
Reduced life span average, compulsive mic habits
Obsessed but completely obsessing over the right language
Pretty elf bitch, nice titties, how's it hangin'?
Tell me which one of these starships I'm commandin'
Goddamn it go to auxiliary power
They go to warp speed, I want to feel the guilt of my power
That's an order nigga you better listen
I want you on every weapon device system we've ever been given
I don't know if this LBCB2 is  gonna work on the moon
We upgrade to JCR in June
Snow White and her little friends are gonna cry me a river
When they find out Mr. Brown Dwarf  is comin' to dinner
Reptile my tail wrapped around your neck now
You didn't respect it before
You better respect it now
I ain't runnin' I'm just hard to impress
The complex [?]  with super serpent strength
[?]
[Sound effect: "Ehhhgghhhh"]

[Hook 4x]