The rhymes that I write are not finite
But visual computer bytes from satellites under lunar twilight
Zoom to your facial features, put your face on ice
I've been waiting for this fight since the blade was on the knife
The less that we thought, the more that we fought
Harden our hearts, but your pain will not soften my response
We fight for greed, not for god, this fight feels wrong
So how long 'til we fight no more?
Patriotism starts with the need to defend
To Serve and Protect what you love from a threat
We naturally progress in steps towards death
Sometimes from loss of life, sacrifice and regret
Conquests begets nightmares and always stress
I still weep for those who have not yet wept
By all means tell the truth, but tell it with a slant
Tell it from behind the gates of a Concentration Camp
Can-I-Bus? No!! Not now you can't
Understand? Megalodon Man wants to have a word with you fam'
Time signatures change, words appear not to be the same
Yes, it sounds insane, but it's just Germaine
Picture the human brain tryna map recognizable patterns
With unrecognisable raps with sizeable subject matter
Avoid the white noise, cut through the chatter
The Mic' Grappler Hip Hop track thrasher, I am the master of all rappers
Evolution of our species, ahh, speak please
Now we are speaking at different frequencies
Which style do I deploy, depends on who you talk to
Every album is different, this is just a walk through
Fronting on the God, remember what I taught you
The weak hearted always want piggy back off you
Shipwrecked in time suspended in the form of a rhyme
At the most unfortunate times
Spitbox International close quarter Hip Hop battle groups
Where and when can I battle you?!
To present you with a certificate that states you are fit to spit
How long you think it took to rhyme like this?
I stand still and emotionless, in this moment of disgust
Wondering who the fuck can I trust
Us?! What do they mean by Us?
United by One Mind, but divided by blood
Sharpshooter Canibus gon' bust when he have to
But why do he have to? That's what I wanna ask you
People going at you, the people going at you
This is unnatural, I rap for the youth
Poetic presided speaker, may I see your masterpiece research?
It's not ready, it's an incomplete verse
As my thoughts begin to calm, the evil nature of the song
Rip The Jacker loved by many, but hated by them all

I've been repping Hip Hop since I was 10 years old
AND YOU ALL KNOW HOW THE STORY GOES!!!!!!
My Adidas have 3 stripes and white shell-toes
AND YOU ALL KNOW HOW THE STORY GOES!!!!!!
Got paid to hustle, got paid to flow
AND YOU ALL KNOW HOW THE STORY GOES!!!!!!
The illest nigga alive, by now you should know
AND YOU ALL KNOW HOW THE STORY GOES!!!!!!