[Intro]
You need to stop worshipping that Evil
And you better stop swearing on your people
You Hollywood, hip-hop don't need you
You sold your ass so hip-hop don't believe you
You ain't proven
I don't know who the fuck you think you're foolin'

[Verse 1]
What are you, a lyrical bodyguard, starstruck over the bodies you guard?
With pajamas on, what the fuck you rhyming for?
Fee Fi Fo Fum, the forty ton dinosaur with smoky lungs
Nigga, where you know me from?
Thoroughbred hip-hop head, hip-hop ain't shit without knowin' the ledge
That's what the God said
I smoke polly green, turn into Charlie Sheen
Fuck the honor roll if hip-hop don't wanna honor me
Fuck off the deep end, gimme the beat man
I'm twelve albums deep, you just getting your feet wet
Beast from the East, bitch, never been beat yet
You can't afford war without beats and respect
Listen, I don't want to rub it in, you acting like that's your husband
But this is mutual assured destruction
Look up, you see the space in the stars?
Don't create a facade, your arms are too short to wave at God
The lunar base god, in a rate beyond space PARCS
I was sent to the planet Earth to to examinate bars
To determinate whatever contaminates Lyrical Law
I'm like Negar bitch, in a space war with J-Rod
I don't have to play the race card
I just grab the eight card, aim at your jaw, tear your face off
First thing in the morning, treat it like a day job
Mixing Johnny Walker with napalm
I hold your nose and make you open mouth and say "Ah"
The hip-hop H bomb, say something, I can't wait to respond
Word up in your dressing room like Raekwon
You act hard when the videotape's on 'cause you hate to be wrong
Well let me tell you something, nigga, this is Lyrical Law
A spiritual bomb that could cause physical harm
With a beef? Nah, you act like a miserable broad
A 360 deal means you getting circled by a shark, boy
Better beg your pardon, turn into a HRSMN and slaughter him
I'm an Undergod, you're too overconfident
So stop talking, nigga, cause you could all get it
W-A-R, nigga, I'm raw with it
Don't let the alcohol fuck with your soft vision
I'll knock you out of the park, nigga, long distance
I wrote this rhyme in five minutes
I'm like ten Ghostface Killah's in twenty-five disses
So fuck with this if you want to, nigga I'm bomb proof
It's like you on Twitter with nobody to talk to
Bust this rhyme fifty-nine times with a horseshoe
It's on you nigga, don't say I didn't warn you
Never had enough rhymes to fuck with mine
You know what they calling you right? Moist 5'9"
Heh, you souped up because you got signed
You getting so much shine you going fucking blind

[Verse 2]
Hey yo, 5-9, you must be out your rabbit-ass mind
Huh, for real or what?
I'm finna get some, y'all niggas lined up
Before it's over, I'mma show you what it is
I'mma show you why they kicked me out of the biz
Them niggas ain't trying to let me live
I ain't gonna end up like 'Pac, you dig?
Without a fight you understand me?
Fuck ya'll niggas, fully automatic trigger mechanism
You know my name nigga
What? When I say "-Bus," it going to hit you up
Cash money, nigga
Ain't a goddamn thing funny, nigga
You heard? Fuck the battle
We ransacked two Shady castles

[Outro]
Get outside, get your ass in the saddle!
Just slaughtered, alphabeted like Papoose
What you drinking? That look like wack juice!
Come at you! Your rap group versus my rap group!
Cross sabers, spurs and black boots
Duck, duck shoot, nigga, get at you
Don't take yourself too serious, man
It's only hip-hop alright nigga? Peace!