{​​Sample: You are one.}
{​​Canibus:  Reptilian. Rip the reptilian. Rip the reptilian.}

[Hook]
Get a lizard beast face  (x16)

{​​Sample: Howard Goodall: The road from the raw sounds of nature to the artificial smoothness of Equal Temperament is long and torturous}

[Verse 1:  Canibus]
Dog, the snake eats the canary
They issue the order not to come near me
No matter how bad I sound when they hear me
Reasonable doubt settin' in
But no matter what you wanna ask
You can't question that the rhymes are infinite
The taser to the the throat discharge a million volts
The bolts in your skull smoke from the Frankenstein flow
I got love for my alien friends
Niobium-titanium, 'Ranium, Copper Oxide
Say it again
After I kill death only life'll be left
When the song disconnect your right through your left
Never stereotype but it'll be a sound burial tonight
If I catch you on the karaoke mic
Clippin' my whiskers, handling my goatee business
Call upon your witness - Canibus spit encrypted
Step to the stage like I'm practicing kicks in the cage
You can't bring clips to this game
Enter the key code, the light goes from green to gold
The beat upload
Get ready for the dino fold flow
From outta the wormhole
Where I barely heard the words that were spoke:
RTJ double O
I sit on a throne of Mastadon bones
Slaves below moan tryna master the poems
If Hip-Hop is dead
Then what the fuck are you supposed to do if you a full-fledged Hip-Hop head?

[Hook]

{Sample:  ​​William Hurt: For some of us it's coke, for some of us it's bourbon, but you, you got hooked on disaster}​​
{​​​​​​​​​Sample:  "Native Hunter":  Man meets Reptile}​​
{​​Sample: It created a tsunami and pretty much destroyed}​​​​​​​
{​​Sample: Planet earth}​​​​​​​

[Verse 2: Canibus]
Rip the Jacker
Got you chemically dependent
Trying to kick is harder than having a body with all six senses
My sick sentences cut you down with a quickness
Gaze into my crystal ball bitch bear witness
I've got a sick sense of humor
Motivated to give you a brain tumor through the motherfuckin' computer
Automatic sentry gun
The old nerd is not even home
Stand guard over the masters
Don't move or I will blast you to a...
Got a Lizard Beast Face
I'm Jedi from thy space
We both agree you not fucking with me
You oughta know your place
Smart bombing all targets, whatever it take
To turn you fake rappers into ghost signals in the mixtape
Poison spit turn your head into eggs and pancakes
Eat your skull like a Concord grape that tastes great
Transform before you can even finish saying wait
You are late
I already got a Lizard Beast Face

[Hook]
{Unintelligible dialogue}
{​​Sample: I was scratching my head, I can't believe this.}
{​​Sample: At the time... went all over the world... that thang...}

[Third verse: Canibus]
Yo
Lizard Beast Face eat red meat from deep space
Eat your heart like strawberries off of cheesecake
Rip the Reptile escape before his release date
He go crazy if you talk about something he hate
You wanna talk about Second Round Knockout?!
Watch out!
You can't fuck with 10,000 bars, you a cop out
Nobody got what I got now
Whether you like it or not, Rip the Jacker own Hip-Hop now
Canibus can stop now
I took him off the clock now
You can't battle the nigga robot style
Cyclops growl, his teeth look like a rock pile
I seen him bite a fuckin' long barrel of a .50 cal
The eagle face watches from above the clouds
The Lizard Beast Face watches anything that touch ground
You don't understand? Let me bust it down
You can spit a billion bars tomorrow, but it means nothing now
Get out, get on your job, and run it down for your honor
Do it out of respect for your Author Poor Pauper
Gun battle with supernatural giants from Gulliver's Travels
You ain't ridin'?! Get the fuck out the saddle!
Lizard Beast Face
You couldn't even conceive what it takes
For an emcee to emcee this way
So shut your manhole or I'ma have to shut it for you
The Lizard Beast Face transform and destroy you

[Hook]

{​​Sample: I'll never forget it, I'll never forget its sound.}​​
{​​Sample:  Dr. Frankenstein:  "It's alive! It's alive!"...}​​
{​​Voice 1: What are we chasing?
Voice 2: Oh the one killed, I examined it; some form between reptiles and humans
I'm thinkin' it was pretty high order of intelligence, at least they're well organized
Voice 1: Why haven't we seen them before?
Voice 2: I dunno. There have been outbreaks of things like this. Seen them in the legends of the...}​​