[sample from the movie "Full Metal Jacket"]
It is your killer instinct which must be harnessed if you expect to survive in combat

[Canibus: Hook (x4)]
(spelling "lyrics warfare" in the background while performing hook)
Let me hear your war cry
Let me see your war face
Lyrical warfare

[Webb: Verse 1]
I be the super human being from Queens
No question, God, I'll flip your squad like pages in a magazine
Plus my offspring will bring lyrical havoc to the Earth
I leave broken mics while I blow spots so I can mark my turf
And I'll get wild you attempt to test my style
I'll run your shit like DMC when they were still on profile 'cause I'm known to get exotic when it's time to flip a topic
I'll slice your vocal chords like brake lines and I tell you stop it
'Cause I get down when I represent my hometown
I turn your shawty's facial expression to an upside down frown
And if it's critical, I'll get physical like fitness
And if I can't pay the attorney fees, then I'll just threaten the witness
Cause word, I get absurd with my word combinations
Plus, I got shit down like incarceration
And like inflation, I'm rising to another level
So if you're mentally weak, I'll snatch your soul like the devil

[Canibus: Hook (x4)]
(spelling "lyrics warfare" in background while performing hook)
Let me hear your war cry
Let me see your war face
Lyrical warfare

[Canibus]
This is lyrical warfare, yeah
I can absorb pain a grizzly couldn't "bear"
Concepts that range from complex to simple
The weed makes my eyes squint like an oriental
Putting shit together like a stapler, because I'm greater
The flavor got me open like women in labor
The scariest, Sagittarius physcopath
I make niggas hit high notes and shatter glass
I smoke weed on your lawn if the sign says "keep off the grass" because I gots no class
Niggas talk shit and ust be getting on my nerves
If I was in your Tim's, I wouldn't say a word
'Cause I'm definitely gonna amped and lose my temper and probably blow a hole in your control center
I be hitting your frame with the aim of a sniper
And causing big trouble in your girl's little vagina
Letting the bacteria ooze from crew the I crush
The rhymes I bus' use contain puss
For real, the only choice is to kill or be killed
I use nine mils' just like nigga's Achille's heels
And I can't suppress how I feel when I'm blunted in the concrete jungle where the hunters becomes the hunted
Nine out of ten niggas don't want it, because they too scared
This is lyrical warfare

[Canibus: Hook (x4)]
(spelling "lyrics warfare" in background while performing hook)
Let me hear your war cry
Let me see your war face
Lyrical warfare

[Webb]
I flip metaphors [tri-flips?] like in world tours
If my technique overheats I'll sweat lyrics out my pores
'Cause God, you know my vibe is far from a nine-to-five
So I freak techniques over beats to stay alive
When I blow spots, it's causes lyrical devastation
And makeMCs madder than college students at registration
Got rhymes galore, inventory like a store
Plus I tote mics like magnum totes a forty-four
And my lyrical content is eighty-proof like [vacahties?]
So verbally bring the ruckus to your party like a yardie
No doubt, I heat it up until my flow starts to boil
And slam MCs like a cage-match [that'll ?]
I can be rich like top-soil, i'll fold your crew like tinfoil, and bag your shawty if she ain't loyal

[Canibus]
Whisper your ideas in my ears, nigga, I'm with it
I figure s long as it bleeds, we can will it
Yo, who among you is brave enough to test me
I drop through your motherfucking zone like Wesley
Sipping the Hennessy so I can get nice
Beating niggas to death and beating dead niggas to life
This whole rap thing belongs to me
I got the title deed, the proof of purchase, and the receipt
Lyrical gifted
You tote twin Glocks? I tote triplets
A soccer goalie couldn't stop it when I kick it
Canibus: I'm the state of the art like the mantis
My fly metaphors provide cures for cancers
Niggas who don't wanna listen become my victims
I break them down like they don't got no immune system
The original HIV virus
I blow you up like Samsung when I penetrate your sinus
I'm dishonest like the government
I'm lovin' it
In my basement I got aliens and motherships
On some other shit, like a [fly off?]
I spark a cypher so I can get my cuts like a barber
Whoever can survive in another planets atmosphere can breathe the air, then Ima meet you there

[sample from the movie "Full Metal Jacket"]
(so, you're a killer?)
Sir, yes, sir!
(let me see your war face)
Sir!
(you got a war face?)
("ahhh", that's a warface! now, let me see your warface!)
Ahhhhhh
(bullshit, you didn't convince me! let me see your real war face!)
Ahhhhh
(you don't scare me, work on it)

[Canibus: Hook (x4)]
(spelling "lyrics warfare" in the background while performing hook)
Let me hear your war cry
Let me see your war face
Lyrical warfare

[sample from the movie "Full Metal Jacket"]
Cease fire! cease fire, god damn it!
Cease fire!