[Intro]

[Sample one]

Boy:  Excuse me mister DJ, can you please play my daddy's record?

[Sample two, from the 1987 film *Predator*]

Dutch:  (Unintelligible) What you are...What you'll always be!  COME ON! KILL ME!

[Hook: Canibus]

Worlds to conquer
Resources to plunder
I am what you made me
A motherfuckin' monster!

Worlds to conquer
Resources to plunder
I am what you made me
A motherfuckin' monster!

Worlds to conquer
Resources to plunder
Canibus, Vinnie Paz! Monsters!

[Verse 1:  Canibus]
Solitude in the life of a ripper is quite bitter
I ain't no social network nigga, fuck Twitter!
If I can't be lyrical I get miserable
You don't want me to be miserable, so let me go
Or detain me, entertain me, talk to me frankly
This is how you thank me? I'm one of the good guys thankfully
Good equals evil, how can it be?
How can it be?  See!
I am exactly the way I was made
Even when I change, lyrical content still bangs
Can't wait to hear what you spit over this
The beat flatline, I rhyme Jedi Mind Tricks
Vinnie Paz cannabis philanthropist
Pass it to Canibus for the assist, I hold my breath
Then I burn the shit down from the ground to the roof
All ground troops against one Canibus nuke
Next time you regroup? Bring a chemical suit
'Cause I don't want to get vegetable soup puke on my boots
The wave that interpermeates time will flat line
Radially we will be inside that line
Jedi Mind third eye will identify the force that binds
Force of the rhyme's eternal, solar sign sunspots bitten sunshine
Wow like Busta Rhymes
Give me the track, if I touch it–it's mine
Duct tape you to the table, hook you up to the jumper cables
Remember what I told you about Azâzêl
Worlds to conquer, resources to plunder
I am what you made me–a motherfuckin' monster

[Oral essay, Canibus]
But check this out.  It ain't never righteous to lie on your brother, man.  You know I'm saying, tell the truth.   If it got something to do with me and you gonna air it out to the world, tell the truth man.  I came up to the studio to discuss the track, how he was gonna do it.   He told me he was getting 80 gs a track from Christina Aguilera.  The seven tracks she was hype, he was all cheesy and smiling.  He was happy about it.  He charged me 40 Gs for the track we was gonna do.  Eloise cut you the check, sent you your first half, scheduled the studio time.  I came up to D & D, dirty ass D & D.  First day he was an hour late, second day he was two hours late, third day he was three hours late, fourth day he was four hours late.  Come on man, tell the truth. When I stepped to you asked you "Yo, tomorrow are you gonna be, are you gonna be five hours late tomorrow?" You say "Yo, my bad Bis, I had to move my mother out of the house."  So I say "All right, just call man, just call and let me know what you're doing you busy so I don't have to wait for you.  So I don't have to wait in the studio, because I got shit to do.  Everybody got shit to do around 5 o'clock in the evening."  Come on now.  I don't know what it is man.   Niggas bringing up some shit from 14 years ago.   Like that shit is current news, like it's important now.  What's important now? How's that important?  Look how many times we work together since then, or how many times I seen you since then.    And then everybody want to know what's wrong with the culture. Know what I'm sayin'? Come on man, it's not a good look.   How does that help anyone in this situation except you?  How does it help me to for you to be out there saying I'm difficult to work with?  How does that help me?  How does it help you? You kick dirt on me, that helps you though.  Right?  Make you feel better, right?   Come on now, tell the truth.  You was late to the studio like you didn't take it serious.  Like it wasn't important to you.  You shovel shit on me like I wasn't 100% professional in working with you.  Like I didn't come through to the sessions and wait for 10 hours. I worked with DR Period on "Salute."  Everything was dope.  Ask DR Period how our studio session was, how I was professional.   Ask Flat Top how I was professional.  I had to go to Rakim's crib five times before he did the record. But he did it.   And the days before the day that he wrote it, he was just building, and I enjoyed it.  Why you don't speak on that?  Speak on the shit that's good for hip hop.   Good for you, and good for me.   Why shovel shit on me for no reason? Who you working for? What agenda you have?  How are you helping hip hop by doing that?   I do my best on every track.  I go hard on every record.   But you wanna go on TV and radio and what have you, and say "Yeah Canibus was this and Canibus was that" for no reason!     14 years ago.  Why you don't talk about what we did on C of Tranquility.  Come on now tell the truth.   Every album I do the best that I can do, the best that circumstances will admit me at that time.  Nobody's perfect, but God damn it if I don't give it everything though, 100 at all times.  And it's as if there is some sort of movement, or some sort of deliberate attempt to always, when it comes to Canibus, that's always bringing up old shit, something from 14, 15 years ago.  Always old shit.  Never what's currently coming out of Canibus's catalogue,  what he's doing currently.  And it's like a deliberate attempt by the media and everybody who got a motherfuckin' microphone in their hand and five minutes to do a little video bite to talk about old shit when my name come up.  Cause it's always comin' up somewhere.  It's always comin' up.  And to combat that pressure niggas is talkin' about old shit instead of what most recently came out. Talk about the Magick album and what was being said on that album.  Talk about C of Tranquility and the topics and subject matter touched on that.  Talk about something that relevant to now.   Don't bring up some old shit that ain't got nothing to do with nothing.  Come on now. You know what you doing.  Ran that baton for so far, man.  You ain't never supposed to say something foul about the kid man.   How does that help you?  The irony about it is, that you smilin' talkin over it. It's bad for me but you smiling though. And when I get a little uptight about it, say something about it, everybody look at me like I'm out of bounds, and I'm out of bounds.  You the one that's smiling, lying. You already knew!  And when I say aight, tell the truth.  Tell the truth what happened.  Tell them niggas you was the one who was late to the studio, every day you was late.  Come on now tell the motherfuckin' truth man, tell the truth.  It's like you didn't want to do the record

[Outro]
Everything about you and your body language is telling me
You didn't wanna do the record