[Singsong]
My crew (4X)

[Cheeks]
Yo yo now now now now

When I wake up before I gather up my pens
I shine up my fronts I give a Dutch for all my mens
Throw on some Marvin Gaye
I smoke my weed and clean my kitchen dishes
Tec to the sky see how mom's is always bitchin'
I'm done buffin' got my cheese my pen & paper
It's time for me here to prepare my caper
I written it down the line & now a ring is on my phone
It's my nigga Spigg Nice he tellin' me he in the zone
Yo I got the liquor the grain fool let's make a tape
I'm caught up in my own zone can't really escape
I ran it down the line as Easy Mo played the song
He checked my five he said to me yo later on
About an hour passes
About my loosey deuce deuce & my tinted glasses
I got the bike that I copped from my younger cousin
Cause that cat is up in class like a nickel & he wasn't
I'm concentratin' on these moves that I'mma soon be makin'
And once I break then I'mma show my peeps that I'm not fakin'
See my man Pop or Die from the block
Niggas wearin' ? reverse as we handle barred it to the block
See certain situations happen
When you caught up in the 'hood in the game of rappin'
You see scrappin' now leads to cappin'
We used to have each other's back
What the fuck happened? Stupid
Yo fuck it
Anyway Mary ?Easter? record store
Walked to the back now let me get a four
Exit from the spot everybody know what's hot
You get yours on & soon as you see 'em
The thieves turn the block
Jump on them right now when niggas chillin'
If you ever sported it you know how I'm feelin'
Cracked open my St. Ides took a swig
As Mama Blackwell whispered

You got it this time
He represents my Crew
You represent my Crew
We represent my Crew
Represent your Crew
He represents my Crew
You represent my Crew
We represent my Crew
Yo represent yours Crew

[A+]
Which one of y'all think you ill enough to bust with Plus?
Get crushed by the stampede of the elephant tusks
We LB families, niggas don't understand us;
Lyrical scanner, diagnosin' niggas with cancer
You got a problem, I got the answer:
Twin Glocks goin' bananas, buckin' innocent bystanders, son
The total sum is a mathematical function;
I used to get suspended for keepin' the class jumpin'
At the blackboard with the chalk in my hand;
Mr. Cheeks snatchin' leaves off the Canibus plant
Watch the crowd get amped while they scream and chant;
It's ill how they can't keep still like a fire drill
We desire mills from 9-7 until
Firin' high-caliber steel on this battlefield, son ...

Long Isle's my Crew
Campstead is my Crew
Parkside is my Crew
Lost Boyz is my Crew
Group Home is my Crew
Everyone is my Crew
Reebok's my Crew
It's worldwide my Crew

[Canibus] [overlaps last line]
Strictly out for the fortune and fame, I entertain for my personal gain;
Rockin' gold chains big enough to cause neck pains
Canibus is my name, I be the last one to set it;
You could find my name in the Lost Boyz album credits
If you open up and look at the cover
You'll see cop-killin' Queens in this motherfucker
And we all represent the Group Home click:
L-O-S-T B-O-Y-Z for the 9-6
And as the clock ticks, record sales climb;
I remember when them niggas first got signed
Fuckin' with Uptown, bustin' they ass e'ryday;
From "Lifestyles" to "Jeeps" to "Renee."
Now they gettin' mad airplay all over New York
Top ten on ya Soundscan report
Yo ,who woulda thought these four
Nappy-headed niggas woulda got a article in Billboard?
But hard work produces results
And I'mma keep rockin' 'til the day somebody stops my pulse
So, yo, tally up, it's the Lost Boyz Crew:
Mr. Cheeks, Taliek, Spigg Nice and Pretty Lou
My crew ...

Yeah
East Coast myyy Crew
West Coast myyy Crew
The whole World myyy Crew
Group Home myyy Crew
Lost Boyz myyyy Crew
Lost Boyz myyyy Crew
Lost Boyz myyyy Crew
L-O-S-T B-O-Y-Z myyy Crew
Ahhhh (my crew)

Yo for the 97 AFRICA, JAMAICA, ALASKA, AFRICA
I smoke trees with my...
Yo cause I beez with my...