[Verse 1: Passionate MC]
This punishment is one of a kind, I'll throat slash you so fast
That the blood splashed will change colors in front of your eyes
So before the nerves at the top of your skin can acknowledge the slit
And form a clot to stop what I did
Your optics will watch every blue drop as the oxygen hits
While your consciousness slips into the slot where only darkness exists
Cause my fingers had interlocked in a fist and knocked on your chin
With more shots than a doctors syringe concocted with bottles of gin
Check the power within, In the end I'm so far ahead
That I finished what I forgot to begin
Not even scholars with their scholarships in to attend Harvard college
Could possibly comprehend the above doctorates knowledge I give
So what the fuck you expect from an intellect
Who's answer to every question is fucking correct
I'll have you repeating yourself with this verse of raw lyrics
Till people on earth hear the words and believe that you're autistic

[Verse 2: Canibus]
I windsurf right at the beginning of the verse
I hang glide, holding on strong until my balls hurt
Whoever the Hip-Hop family appoints
You want albums nigga? I got joints!
My catalog's stronger than yours
I'll slay you with lyrics, the people applaud but the vibe is gone
They talk about large amounts
With windshield shards in their mouth, its hard to pronounce
This Garden of Eden is a garden of doubt
And when I get back home I'mma kick you all out
North Korean nuclear fall out, go all out
Checkpoint all routes, There's a new sheriff in charge now
Live-wire, how the bars sound?
There's IED's all over this motherfucker, Wanna walk around?
UCAV sentry gun cannons
Cameras and scanners on above the sand and the Amazon

[Passionate MC]
Just imagine a massive display of rage worse than back in the days
On the exact accurate date
Before they were aged by twin calendric decades
When wars waged between the nations of Iraq and Kuwait
Attacking a page faster than the black that is sprayed
For a map when it's made
Across printer paper dispatched from a tray attached to a Mac in the face
Of Bill Gates who gathers the ways Apple creates diagrammatic disgrace!

[Canibus]
You won't even know what hit ya
Nobody will even know what you was thinking'
So consistent, most gifted, flow different
I'm outside your prison but you're trapped in my rhythm
Line our vocals up with no beats behind it
Compared to my vocals your vocals sound like garbage
Follow me to a place only the mind can chase
My first, middle, and last name are all 8's

[Passionate MC]
The infinite greats living in an indefinite grace
Where lyrics await to be configured in unlimited ways
Limitless brains untamed when setting the stage
Weapons in your face with no exit to escape!

[Canibus]
G-7 out the gate, the 5 senses are inebriated
With the possibility of a 6th gate
"I don't relate, that shit sounds fake!"
"Canibus, What you say?" I will say nothing on that day

[Passionate MC]
Nah, there's no need to
The silence will be enough inside hell to control evil
Gung-Ho with the lethal sounds we blaze
The Golden Era will never be downplayed cause

[Canibus]
I still sound the same, I turned down the rage
I still got the Passion when I touch that stage
Still like Dr. Dre, him and the RZA
Need to produce a track for the HRSMN today!

[Passionate MC]
Cause the forces negate anything law enforcement creates
Every law is a law that we break
"Canibus, Ras Kass, Killah Priest, and Kurupt
Throw ya fours up or get ya vocal chords cut"

[Canibus]
I missed the 50 bar target but not by much
(Bus Bus) What the fuck you expect? Bis can still bust!
Never tap out, this is what rap is about
Lyrics coming at you so fast you can't turn around
So you just transform into sound
Trees turn into ash when I burn it down with murderers around

[Passionate MC]
Converting the sound with an insane inertia
Strong enough to reverse the turbulence of planes up within the clouds

[Canibus]
The situation is permanent now, You don't have to be nervous now
I know my purpose now!
Put the microphone burner down, work it out
Be profane if you must when you explain how you felt
I'll keep the crown, you can have that belt
Dethrone me? You might as well deep throat yourself!