[Verse 1: Sick Since]
Two sides of good and evil breaking the balance
The planets ?? the governments gonna panic
It's civil arrest, ??
Find the Aramaic treasure chest, ??
Holy tabernacle ?? we never rest
With the new Nephilim
?????? your brain like Cain, and just like Dionysus
?as surfing? at the skyline, it's gotta be the nicest
?? rush against the global tyrant and his personal Sony
?? artificial intelligence, so who's your fighers?
Thermofiber meters try to
Assassin blasting and shooting habits
...
...
The lyrical infamy, lyrical Sick symphony
It's time for Army giving the energy to inifnity
The image is like the Elohim
So when we do our thing, yo, it's put in threes
Coming explosive from black holes, you know that's close
Sicker than Annunaki bones that's cloned from chromosomes

[Verse 2: Canibus]
You know an MC? Send him to me!
I ain't never met another nigga better than me!
Intellectually naked, there is no thought this sacred
There is no force to save him!
Silent, Buck Rogers, floating in space subconscious
Your knowledge is nothing but nonsense
The concept, Posse Comitatus political process
This is not a lyrical contest!
Yo, Fertilica flow, cryogenic cylinder glows
Some visuals show, I scribble some notes
Degrees decrease, soon as the signature of the heat decode
The cylinder froze, my crystal is broke
?? of sound and circuit around a personal crown
Believe me it's more worse than it sounds
If the testimony dimensional genetics
Connecting my spiritual past to my spiritual present
The saddest, back in the saddle, ready for battle
Climbing and cackle, the rap skill level's supernatural
I'll rap you, wrap you in papel
As soon as you come to confess in the chapel, I attack you
The whole congregation laugh at you, this rap fool
Paranoid Chillin' with an attitude
You want a lesson, nigga, book the session
Canibus, Zambo, Sick Since, no question!

[Verse 3: Presto]
Hit ’em with semi-automatic syllable smacking
Attacking these wack rappers and leaving ’em panicking/
Sick Since, Presto and Canibus, we damage you amateurs
Lyrically leave ’em in bandages, call the ambulance/
Leaving you stiffer than mannequins when you’re staring at my double barrel
Leave you in bloody apparel, I got plenty of ammo
To finish anybody, ain’t nothing this nigga cannot handle
When I’m gripping the handle, ?quit gripping? on the panel!/
I get you open like the hemoglobin of an emo
Choking with the needle penetrating his cerebral
Meditating on the evil, celebrating for the people
Resonate in frequencies, never changing when I see you!/
Getting so high it’s devastating, I begin levitating
Over the mountains and across the Mediterranean
Ancient like the Mesopotamian ruins in the desert
When I’m using the potassium-argon method/
Radiometric dating, geomagnetic polarity
Changing, niggas be shaking like tectonic activity
When my tongue is accelerating at the rate of 80 million miles per second
Switch styles and get ’em!/
Triple my syllable lines with double times, like:
I’m ready whenever you’re ready to rhyme, ’cause lyrically I’m ahead of my time!/
Killing these niggas with clever lyricism
A deadly combination like mixing Benadryl and Penicillin
Switching like a chameleon, lyrically I’m one in a trillion
Leave you stranded like Gilligan, metaphysically brilliant/
Esoterically militant, study many lessons under many professors
But my ultimate weapon is the only definition
I behold the wisdom of existentialism, and extraterrestrialism/
Nephilims falling down from the heavens in the pestilence
And the reptilians metamorphing in the Presidence!