[Intro]
Alright, yes sir
What up Surock? (On the beat!)
Hey Chino, you ready?
Bis, you ready?
I'm fucking ready
I say we get 'em (Sixth one!)
You like that right?
I like that
Midwhite's dog! (Woof!)
Get 'em, get 'em
C Write (Yeah!)

[Verse 1: Copywrite]
I'm in here on top of these faggots and pupils that dilate
I annihilate violate anytime of day bet I hear from a mile away
Fuck drugs, I Chucky, and its Child's Play
You ? and ? at Costco just high all day
We hear everything, underground or above-ground
My dogs keep their ear to the street like a blood hound
You nag and whine because the only way you bitches will get your asses signed is if ?
Now pucker up, kiss your ass goodbye, you fuckers bought a strategy guide for Metroid and passed your prime
Copywrite and Chino, Canibus is a rock
Draw ? and ?, because Canibus is a rock
You mad at us because we're hot, puffing a ?
None of the shit you spit ever starts fire more like rubbing two sticks together
You son of a bitch, one of the sickest kids minus the Jerry Lewis endorsement
Bury you with no coffin, the heir to you and your fortune, I'm sick
Running through pussy early they're saying Copy, they're comparing you to abortion
Bitches talk to me through sign language because I flick 'em off
Pick 'em off like fleas and dock 'em on my big assault
Coughing with the vicious tongue, vicious heart, vicious slugs
Pass me a swish of blood, I'll pass 'em when the shit is done
Underground serving the subpar, I'll make you Dimebag Darrell, you could get murdered in one bar

[Hook]
Suicide it's a suicypher
Biddy bye bye
Suicide it's a suicypher (4X)


Surock, murder the drop!

[Verse 2: Canibus]
I was twelve years old when I wrote my first poem
At eighteen I hooked up with lost boys at group homes
By twenty-one, I murdered the microphone
With Clark Kent spitting 22 Two's on the phone
They wanted punchlines so I bust the rhymes
To show 'em whatever they do they couldn't fuck with mine
They want rhymes that are dumbed down, Bis still dumbfound
Come around Bucktown, I'ma make you duck down
I catch bodies like I was an instructor for karate
And I was instructing you to stop me
Rhyme like an animal, never sound sloppy
The beasts from the east get busy do you copy?
Canibus on the mic, Copywrite to my right
Kick a hole in the speaker and pull the plug on-sight
When the beat slow like this, I flow like this
To make sure when I perform it that you know my shit, spit

[Hook]
Suicide it's a suicypher
Biddy bye bye
Suicide it's a suicypher (4X)


[Verse 3: Chino XL]
I'm inside of the suicypher
I'm syllable Satan changing my name to Lucifer
I spit it like a rifle sniper
Puerto-Rican flag my backdrop, rhymes always on like YouPorn on a pervert nigga's laptop
Chino XL I put rappers in a coffin, leave their bodies blue like homie from the Watchmen
Who wanna box with him, this is not marketed, I kill opponents
You a player that no team really wants like Terrell Owens
Violent as ill Romans wearing bare skin
Beat you until there's more blood out of your body than there is in
Embarrassing, you rocking a Dennis Rodman appearance
When I throw you in rivers, see if you can breathe out of them piercings
I'm dastardly, throw your body off of a balcony
Make you need an eyepatch like Tom Cruise in Valkyrie
And if there's drama brother, don't even bother to bother Chino
I got a lock of a Glock that will pop your ? through a keyhole
A minute ago you would shoot now you're running scared
Put a bulletproof suit on like President Obama wears
I'm running wild like a 60's bitch's pubic hair
Hurt a hipster rapper with ratchets for wearing tight ass pants
I'm murdering, maiming, pull rappers out of their Lambos
Throw microphone stands at their fans like Solange Knowles
You the reason why the word "homo" so close to homie
Niggas steal the spit off Chino's mic, they wanna fucking clone me

[Outro]
The illest shit's right up in your nose
Copywrite, a message for you biters
Canibus, I been in it to win it, who wanna battle, ?
Remember me? Chino, the industry weapon
Poison pen, you should of never fucked with me
Coming to a theater near you, we're taking over, check it out