[Intro]

Man: "There are no rules in this war
No one was granted mercy."
(Radio sounds)

Woman: "Today at 8 a.m. PST, two unidentified flying objects entered the atmosphere. One of them was bearing a symbol of what appears to be a number 8, while the other one had a clearly visible letter "C" on the side of it but they both have a strange coding on the front.  This just in. We are being told that the code translates to "The Destroyer." We are asking everyone to remain indoors and take shelter until further instructions are given."

[Verse 1:  Eigh8t]

You knew who the hell I was when you called me the fuck out
I'm the beginning of the ending the minute I touch down
Each footstep's an earthquake, walk and I crush ground
Got people running in fear, volcanoes erupting now
Pull the earth crust out, the lava'll flush you out
But that black mushroom cloud'll have you hacking your lungs out
Every major city country town state, I destroy it
Hurricane, cyclones, tsunamis, tornadoes, I deploy it
Put a shockwave in the ground with so much force in it
The brains will shoot out of skulls like they had a mortar in it
I'm the Sorceror, God of War, Conquerer, Destroyer
Anything set foot in my path, and I'm a slaughter it
I do it all: floods, drought, deadly tidal wave
Another Holocaust, bubonic plague and mass graves
What Columbine, ya'll are blind, you don't know a damn thing
I'll bring you real tragedy, Rwanda____ king
Make the whole world stop, come to a standstill
Never met a life on this planet I can't kill
Step on countries like nothing, crush 'em like anthills
Turn your whole fuckin' nation into a landfill
Got a appetite for blood, recipe for disaster
The mind set to kill and I'm ready for a massacre
Beg all you want, I've got no remorse for you
I'm the last thing you'll ever see in life
The Destroyer!

[Hook (Sung)]

I came to here to destroy life
It's time to wipe out all mankind
All those who stand here before me
Witness, you're about to die

[Verse 2: Canibus]

Yo
The speed of sound speed it up slow it down spread 'em out
With 10,000 pound rail gun rounds
The Destroyer is here now, you can stop staring now
When royalty is around you must bow
Your choice, swim or drown?
Welcome to Tinsel Town, the gravity cannot anchor us down
Red Dwarf inbound, he comes back to reclaim the crown
No rain, just dehydration and drought
The Red Planet is a red bloodhound
Following blood trail from the south he's about to sling shot around
Hip hop atomic sound set fire to the atmosphere clouds
Man woman and child, the roof falls away from the light
The light blinds the psych the ___ fights the ____ for  the mic
I know the type, motherfuckin' parasite
Poltergeist rastafari colors that shine on a starry night
Peculiar bust,  Cold Crush straight towards us
Through the proton particle belt, the Destroyer!
The feast and the trumpets, the Beast is coming
People are running, those praying are kneeling for nothing
Stop. Look. Listen. Cherabims perform perdition
Seraphim, rephaim, nephilim
You obvious slaves, taken at a moderate age
The new squad via the Swastika State

[Hook]

[Verse 3:  Canibus]

Scary situation, buried civilizations
Like the Aryan Nation chasing global extermination
Prussian blue coming in your room touching you
They got body armor on, what the fuck you gonna do?
If you ain't scared then I ain't scared
But that attitude is not the right way to prepare
Tell me what you think I wanna hear and I'll cut off your ear
There's no fear when The Destroyer is here

[Verse 4:  Eigh8t]

[?]

[Hook]