"What's.. what's.."
"What's going on? What's going on?" (4X)

[Canibus]
The club scene is a regular hangout spot for unclean
Women in tight jeans frontin like queens
Chickenheads who should be home takin care of their eggs
Instead, they always in the club flirtin with men
No I don't care about no hype-no-holic bitches; all I'm concerned with
Is who's bringin they burners in to burn niggas
While security practices mediocre precautions
Niggas is still stealthily sneakin they firearms in
Often, niggas be acting like they're marksmen
But couldn't hit a stationary object
So how you gonna hit a movin target? Especially if you alcoholic
The party was coconuts until you spoiled it
Nigga what's goin on?

Chorus: Canibus + samples

"What's going on? What's going on?"
[Can] What's goin on these days?
[Can] Can't do no hip-hop shows without the gunplay
"What's going on? What's going on?"
[Can] What's goin on? Why is everybody packin?
"While you rappin, I'm busy tryin to sneak the gat in" -] Havoc
"What's going on? What's going on?"
[Can] What's goin on these days?
Can't do no hip-hop shows without the gunplay
"What's going on? What's going on?"
[Can] Before you blaze, think about the lives at stake
"You got a gun up in your waist, please don't shoot up the place" -] Biggie

[Canibus]
Aiyyo
The other night I seen some kid gettin loud, runnin his mouth
Til somebody pulled the thang-thang out, then shots rang out
This nigga in front of me got his back blown out
On the floor with a piece of his small intestines hangin out
I had to scream on the bouncers to carry him out
They said, "Nah, them niggas is still bustin in the crowd"
Then they ducked down close to the ground as the bullets whizzed by
Prayin to Allah cause they don't wanna die
But neither do I, fuck it, I gotta be here
As a rap artist, it's a vital part of my career
I swear, y'all niggas need to chill with that
Bringing your handguns to every God damn club I perform at
Everything from semi-autos to macs
Chrome or black, plastic gats and all that
Believe it or not - the government wants that
So they can use that as an excuse to shut down rap
What's goin on?

Chorus

[Canibus]
Yo
All of my hip-hop niggas should feel what I'm speakin upon
A subject that was touched by Nas and Pharoahe Monch
Bullets - bein shot from guns, guns bein carried by thugs
Who come to the clubs to shed blood
Bear in mind, that everytime a nigga reaches for chrome
He jeopardizes more lives than his own
To some this record ain't even relevant until you experience
How a bullet can shatter your dreams in a millisec'
By some thug cats who didn't take that
By bustin a gat, they could render somebody handicapped
And trapped, in a wheelchair over nothin
With the gift of walkin and runnin snatched from them
What the fuck is goin on?

Chorus 2X (to fade)