Sadat X ft. D.V. Alias Khrist - “Hang 'Em High (Wilderness Version)”
[Emcee(s): Sadat X]
[Producer(s): Ali Malek]
[Additional Programming: Diamond D]
[Vocals: D.V. Alias Khrist]
[Sample: Ennio Morricone - "The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly (Main Title)"]

[Intro: Sadat X and (D.V. Alias Khrist)]
Wild Cowboys (And you know that...).  Legend of the Cowboy (And you know that they're...)

[Verse 1: Sadat X]
A lot of niggas stepped up to the bad man
Chest puffed out with your head wide open
Hoping to spot a chip in this frame
I’ll live then die by the burning flame of
The O.K. Corral, Cowboy style from
The corners on down to Colorado's.  Big niggas
From uptown riding into Tahoe.  Uh
Saloon setting, kids is walking ‘round, drinking
Whiskey and Scotch strictly out of shot glasses
Looking screw-faced at the next nigga who passes
There's women in garter belts and cigarettes
And, on the side, there's the price game, niggas-playing-the-price game
Indian Red was banging niggas in the head
With his man Apache Joe, they’ll take your money off the floor
They’re side-betting for a better, they’re making cheddar
That tribal shit is working—sound the wampum drums
‘Cause my Indian mans’ll break the great dick—uh!
Walk in the New York territory
On the back of a tree, there's a picture of me.  It says
I'm lawless, flawless, a hustler, plus a gun-rustler
Wanted in Carolina for selling some of New York's finer
Marshal Cooper say he want me, Marshal Cooper got to get me
Marshal Cooper say he need me, Marshal Cooper better wet me
I gathered all of y'all, all of my trusted men
All of my baddest niggas, niggas that's quickest with the triggers
There's disturbing news on the wire
That my dome piece is done sent to piece out for hire
I ain't going down over no money exchange
Do they forsake I, who reigns as King of the Range?

[Hook: D.V. Alias Khrist]
In this
Land of wildness, yo, you
Better pack your vest.  In the
Streets, there's nothing but crime, so you’re
Best to watch your behind, uh huh

[Verse 2: Sadat X]
Meanwhile, saloon setting is back to full swing
Bars getting money, people doing their thing
There's strictly Boss Players with this kid named Minnesota (My man)
As women start to fill up, turn the notch on the grill up
And add more stakes to the house banks for gamblers
Half-pipes to scramblers are free for Wild Cowboys
You’ll never bring decoys if you want to make real noise
The bigger the stick, the bigger the fire.  I’ll never hit
A man in the back—a coward acts like that
Lay out my black hat ‘cause I feel like the bad man
Who on the rise.  The D's to Manhattan
Let's walk the thirty paces on the Now Rule races
Oh, it's the Marshal Cooper, and I love how he doing this
Women saying, “Don't get hurt,” and I ain't planning on it
Ten steps taken as I hit the blam factor
Is dick a actor or is Death the benefactor?
Leave him twitching in the dirt like Cousin Harold from the Menace
I'm in this to win this on the great, wide trail
I'm ten times as bad as John Wayne could ever be
Plus I'm down with the Indian, and he’d have to begin his shit again
I'm responsible for that body in the alley
I'll Louisiana Purchase that ass with Remy's purchase
And hard shots of Tequila.  Where the dancing girls?
Let's get right as the story unfurls
Piano man keep playing, keep them keys banging
Funeral man, dig three graves—there's gon’ be a hanging
Now this right here ain't for the youth to see:
A grown man assed-out, swinging from a tree

[Hook: D.V. Alias Khrist]
In this
Land of wildness, yo, you
Better pack your vest.  In the
Streets, there's nothing but crime, so you’re
Best to watch your behind, uh huh

[Verse 3: Sadat X]
Joe Tex was the biggest hombre from the projects
Had all the work locked down, so he thought (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
But he drank and got loose-lipped, let a lot of news slip
Stripped of his game and got his self murdered
Thoughts of him are passing like the buffalo
Got his self rocked in the ninety-six, brand-new Acura
Niggas said it was lightning—BLAO!—blew out the back mirror
(Hah, you know’m saying?  Dig it, check it out)
They say that Cowboys never die.  They just ride off into the sun
A little tale from Sadat X of how the world was won
Check it out, remember this
Gun-slingers, dead-ringers with presidents
Is found tied, with no explanation
Of how they died.  Yo, the great Sadat X
The High Plains Drifter.  No question

[Hook: D.V. Alias Khrist]
In this
Land of wildness, yo, you
Better pack your vest.  In the
Streets, there's nothing but crime, so you’re
Best to watch your behind, uh huh