[Hook: Samples with Scratches by Mike Loe] (x4)
“Speak the peace, then slide like grease” - Sample from Deda on Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth ft. Grap Luva, Heavy D, Rob-O, and Deda - “The Basement”
“Rock to the beat, get wreck on the regular” - Sample from Grap Luva on Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth ft. Grap Luva - “On and On”
“That’s right” - Biz Markie on Big Daddy Kane ft. Biz Markie - “Just Rhymin’ with Biz”

[Verse 1: Lord Finesse and (Marquee)]
Check it out.  I’m real like
The Son of Sam while other are soft like Richie Cunningham
Their styles is outdated like the “Running Man”
A tough vet, I’m the roughneck that drops logic
The hefty, solid prophet from the projects
The spiritual, the lyrical individual
(No doubt, kid) Yeah, the Lord works miracles
I hustle for mine like those pumping cracks, I got
Thumping raps that’ll have you niggas doing jumping jacks
I come with the fat songs;  Put me on any
Platform, watch me get my motherfucking rap on
A top cat that rocks rap from the part of Boogie
Down Bronx where the cabs don’t stop at
The Asiatic rap fanatic that don’t have it
My style’s tighter than a virgin locked in traffic
You get ripped like a cardboard.  Because you watch
Gangster flicks, you write rhymes, don’t mean you’re hardcore
I’m so divine when I flow and rhyme, I’ll blow your mind
When I go for mine.  (Come on) Y’all niggas know the time
I kick hip hop in its true form
Big up to Fat Joe, congratulations on the newborn

[Verse 2: Marquee]
Like the
Coyote, I gets Wile E. and freaks it with the sty-le
My shit is type fiery, so my life be, like, irie
I be the emcee that’s above and beyond
Them all stand out like neon, tackle comp like Deion
Be on some hip hop shit ‘cause the music like hypnotic
I can’t stop it, oh Lord, so I just drops it
‘Til the slayings leave abrasions, hot like Cajun
Trails be blazing behind this chinky-eyed non-Asian
Female bringing it to ya like email
With advanced techniques off these New York streets
The hardrocks’ elixir, smooth, exotic sister
Strong as a bull while you be slacking like a 76er
Yeah, this is my world, the slang signing
Out, no doubt.  Marquee, I do my thing

[Hook: Samples with Scratches by Mike Loe] (x4)
“Speak the peace, then slide like grease” - Sample from Deda on Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth ft. Grap Luva, Heavy D, Rob-O, and Deda - “The Basement”
“Rock to the beat, get wreck on the regular” - Sample from Grap Luva on Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth ft. Grap Luva - “On and On”
“That’s right” - Biz Markie on Big Daddy Kane ft. Biz Markie - “Just Rhymin’ with Biz”

[Verse 3: Diamond D]
Now, you say, “Grenada,” and I’ll say, “Grenade-a”
Big up to Greeny Green, I’ll meet your black ass later
But wait a minute ‘cause I’m in it to win it
With the freestyle flow, I’ll steal the show like John Bennett
But then it really wouldn’t matter to a nigga
You figure you have to sneak up ‘cause I’m bigger
Yo, jigga, take down the beat just a little
Far from brittle, chew a nigga like a skittle
But it’ll be a cold day in the Caribbean
At the Meridian, I’ll swim through girls like an amphibian
I’m witty and versed with the lyrical blessing
Never fessing, and keep the chickens second-guessing
Known for stressing engineers in my session
I flake in one take, and slide like Wesson
So learn a lesson—I’ll make the episode brief
You’ll seek relief as you pick up your teeth

[Verse 4: A.G.]
Try to spark this, you’ll get torn ‘cause you’ll never win
I’m through, I’ll take you through Hell again
It’s the Goodfellas’ first aid kit, the “Medicine”
Stay legit ‘cause we’re veterans, proceed
What I don’t achieve, leave up to my seed, teach him
That he gotta bleed, don’t fall victim to greed
That your gift is what you’re blessed with—find it, put it to use
Have faith and don’t stress shit.  Meanwhile
I hit the ganja, now watch it kiss my lips
Bless it, then pass it like Magic’s top 10 assists
It’s the cheeba-cheeba, another neighborhood news feature
Who can see the Giant?  Not a known creature
Or being alive that can see me on this rap vibe
High off of hip hop, can’t die, I got cat lives
Abuse this, get smothered is how you’ll be discovered
Give me 20 years in here with no dough, I’ll still love it
It’s in my heart.  When I bled, it was red
Won’t stop ‘til I drop dead or catch some lead to my head
Some search for bread, loot, cheese, or whatever
But instead, I’ll stay true, smoke trees and get clever
Fall never, Show and A. is who we be
See why D.I.T.C. will reign forever

[Hook: Samples with Scratches by Mike Loe] (x8)
“Speak the peace, then slide like grease” - Sample from Deda on Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth ft. Grap Luva, Heavy D, Rob-O, and Deda - “The Basement”
“Rock to the beat, get wreck on the regular” - Sample from Grap Luva on Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth ft. Grap Luva - “On and On”
“That’s right” - Biz Markie on Big Daddy Kane ft. Biz Markie - “Just Rhymin’ with Biz”