[Verse 1: KoLyric]
Time and space was frozen, at home but still alone and
I felt like David Bowman the way my life unfolded
In front of me was everything, including all the old vids
And in the ripping centerpiece was you and I so close
I decide to hold it with these scissor hands stapled with hammer tacker
To my wrist that’s in the pattern of a canister, after
Reconnecting with my past it detaches and that just
Was a matter of fracture. Anti matter of fact
I existed 'til the universe was in the palm of my hand
Let it live 'til I gave it up like the father in “Ran”
It’s haunted me since, blessed with an alternate twist
Upon the precipice, I was blind to the matter at hand
Am I mad or just another abandoned romance
Lack of a motive to open up to another person again
It’s over, the end, hunching over the ledge
That cracks at the edge from the solar eclipse I look til my vision came back
Another story from Celine and Jesse, this time there’s an ending
And this time the metamorphosis is forced into the best scene
There was nothing I could do to fight the creature next to me
Defeated me with its tainted teeth in my heart to let it beat
Forever enemies, lost love was the death of the century
“Don’t let her leave” resonates within my memory
The others won’t fight for it though like I have before
Love smothers you like a pillow from that scene in Amour
Walking through the quick sand
On stilts i built with slit hands
The guilt it kills but it can
Rebuild what broke on impact
Hung myself with ropes I knew
Dangled by the noose she made
The halo dies when angels crumble still the humble truth decays
Dragged me up this alley blind with hopes to tear me up inside
Knowing my hearts on my wrist she had my arms wrapped up in vines
The pretty swan denies the lonely duckling for nothing
The numbing’s summoned from the broken coven of ugly (it’s just me)

[Hook: Notebook.]
Who would had known I could sell my soul to myself?
Instead of looking around and searching within the glow for the devil
It's kind of funny when you think about it...
Knowing there's really no way around it for sure
Who would had known I could sell my soul to myself?
Instead of looking around and searching within the glow for the devil
It's kind of funny when you think about it...
Knowing there's really no way around it for sure

Knowing there's really no way around it for sure
We sit and contemplate stepping out of the door
Into infinity, into another nightmare
It's better facing demons cause these fools don't come to fight fair



[Verse 2: Sadistik]
Black swan black swan, tell me is the past gone?
I think we'll save it if we can make it to passed dawn
I got a glass jaw without a leg to stand on
MC Escher with the letters look at what my hand's drawn
It's for you, I kinda think it fits you well
Flirting with disaster but I promise I don't kiss and tell
I've been living well, foot in front of one another
At the wishing well so I can look above and run for cover
Have we lost our chance to make it?
Cause I think I'd live forever just to watch your transformation
A beautiful butterfly who chooses to run and hide
With swan song music as a suitable subject line for this
We sort of stray into the fog
In the calm before the storm I'll storm away and lose my calm
You can crucify me just to try to ruin my palms
I'll finger paint this room until I'm gone with the Black Swan

[Hook: Notebook.]
Who would had known that I could sell my soul to myself?
Instead of looking around and searching within the glow for the devil
It's kind of funny when you think about it...
Knowing there's no way around it for sure
Who would had known I could sell my soul to myself?
Instead of looking around and searching within the glow for the devil
It's kind of funny when you think about it...
Knowing there's really no way around it for sure

Knowing there's really no way around it for sure
We sit and contemplate stepping out of the door
Into infinity, into another nightmare
It's better facing demons cause these fools don't come to fight fair


[Verse 3: Notebook.]
[?]