Chorus:
Uh, I stay reaching my goals
Many got called but i'm the one that got chose
Now I’m sitting on dough
Excuse me, I’m just so fucking cold!
I said I’m so fucking cold!
I said I’m so fucking cold!
A nigga sitting on dough
Excuse me, I’m just Sofa King Cole!

Verse 1:
Its Mister Fresh up in this bitch
Label one of the dopest
I ain’t come in a ford
But I’m definitely in my focus
A lot of women battle to see who can get the closest
And maybe I crossed the line, so I guess the flags on encroachment
However I stay chilling, right where I’m supposed to be
Shout out to the most highest, clear that he has chosen me
Ain’t nobody coasting me, ain’t no niggers over me
And they say money changes, so I hope these people notice me!
Hopefully they will learn to chill with all that whack shit
I see ‘em hangin’ with them squares like Patrick
Got that fire, blow up in the booth I light a match stick
Put me on that ice and I be going for that hat trick
That shit, wild nigga riding like a cave man
So they quick to give me props, like a stage hand
I’m not a butler but I’m certainly a made man
Since I started winning, they all wanna know my game plan!
Damn!

Chorus

Verse 2:
If you like my raps, go head and clap
Said if you like my rap, go ahead and clap
I know you like these raps go ahead and clap!
Said if you like these raps, go ahead and clap!
Uh, now is like so many wanna see you Rock lose
They station'll dis a nigga, like fox news
But I choose to focus on the love that I receive
Get the money, I’mma get you some things that I’mma need
They supercede they boundaries..
And I feel like I’m the coldest, I got that set in my mind
Since I done been on my grid, niggers got left behind
Now they see that I’m ahead, and expect me to rewind
Fuck that, they.. that ain’t among us
Them niggers are really out, but they hate just like Uncle Ruckus
And Clyton Bigsby, they minds, empty souls empty pockets
And when you got no bread is like you’re breed to end it
Only nigga like me thats just living life
I guess they’re mad, cause I’m busy out here taking flight
High as a kite, becoming one with the clouds
Givin' all that I got, and goin' pass whats allowed
And now!

Chorus

Verse 3:
I done a lot, but I ain’t done enough
Where they wanna be, I am one above
High as fuck but I’m still moving up
I dug deep, but I found my diamond in the rough
And when they tryin' to cuff, that is what I been had
People show me love, but a lot of rappers been mad
Since I’ve been.. they always question if they’ve been there
Own that other crib, they just a house guest, Sinbad
I tried to tell ‘em but they ain’t wanna believe us
I ain't eatin' bitch, I got three tongues on my Adidas
And I hang with the…. so they label us… leaders
Every time we’re taking.. we’re rocking leaders
Every time that they see us, they claim that it was meant to be
Real money, real dollars, not what I pretend to be!
I don’t claim bitches, I only claim victory
Uh, and I’m about to make history!