[Intro: Danny Sexbang (Dr. Wily), Egoraptor (Mega Man)]
Hello Mega Man, und Mrs. Mega Man
Welcome to couples' therapy. I'm Dr. Vily
Dr. Wily? You're a therapist now?
But you're evil and bent on world domination
Not anymore, zose days are behind me
Don't question it. Shut up. Just tell me ze problem over zis hot beat
Okay

[Verse 1: Mega Man, Dr. Wily]
Well, you see, Doc, I got a pretty nice life
A mega house with two kids and a hot mega wife
But I got a little problem with my android bride
When it comes to making love she's never satisfied
We've been fucking for decades, sex has gotten routine
We gotta spice that shit up, I'm not a total machine
I'm sick of all the romance and the cuddles and the love
It's time to get dirty and do all the weird stuff

[Chorus: Dr. Wily, Mega Man]
It would be seeming to me zat ze problem here
Is you don't listen to your wife, she is being clear
But she says the same thing like a tape recorder
Quiet, ze doctor is talking, zere must be order!
(Sorry, I'm not evil anymore)
You must beat ze Robot Masters to acquire skills
And then use them on your wife when she is getting drilled
Maybe she likes shocks from Elec Man's beam
Or get burned by fireballs
She's a freaky man's dream

[Verse 2: Mega Man, Dr. Wily]
Is that what you want, hon, a Robot Master?
Get out and do it you stupid bastard
Your marriage would be healthy like pure spring water
Now leave my office before you are slaughtered!
Fine I'll kick ass if it saves my marriage
For the satisfaction of my lady's undercarriage
First I'll take out Fire Man, not much of a test
Oh, your weakness is ice? I woulda never fuckin' guessed
Now Ice Man is here, this shouldn't take up too much time
Oh, is your weakness fire? You just blew my fuckin' mind
I cut Cut Man and he's gonna need stitches
Bomb and Elec Man just went down like little bitches

[Chorus: Danny Sexbang (Mega Man Zero)]
Wait, you douchebag, I'm gonna end your life
I am Mega Man Zero and I'm here to plow your wife
I bring sex moves from the future and my skills are vast
Like my Super Double Ultra Mega Nutbuster Cum Blast (oh!)
Women can't resist my blonde, flowing locks
I'll slap a stamp right on my package
And deliver your wife the cock
My shining armor is red, the color of victory
While your fruity suit is blue, like your balls will soon be

[Post-Chorus: Mega Man Zero, Mega Man]
Wait, what are you doing?
Mega dick, activate!

[Verse 3: Dr. Wily]
So Mega Man harnessed all ze powers of ze Masters
And killed Zero with his mega laser schlong blaster
And zen he banged his wife until she screamed "Yes, more!"
Zen she loved him again 'cause she's a shallow whore!

[Outro: Dr. Wily, Mega Man]
Sorry, zat was misogynistic. She is a whore though
What did you say?
Nothing... douche