[Intro: Egoraptor, Danny Sexbang]
Hey, welcome to Mortal Kombat High School
You the new transfer student from Street Fighter High, right?
Yeah, I'm Ken
I like wearing red and making friends
Yay!

[Verse 1: Egoraptor, Danny Sexbang]
What's up, I'm Johnny Cage
Lemme show you around
I'll introduce you to the crew
And tell you how to get down
That hottie doing homework over there is Sonya Blade
She's the most popular girl in our whole entire grade
And that's Liu Kang, his kickflip helped the track team win the relay race
Maleena's sorta sexy, but she's kinda got a butter face
And over there is Raiden, he's the smartest kid in class
And this is Shang Tsung, he'll pull your spine out through your ass
What?

[Chorus: Danny Sexbang]
You're in Mortal Kombat High
Where the girls are fly
And there's a pretty good chance you'll die (Like 105% baby)
That's right
It's time to test your might
So take your best friend and impale him on these spikes

[Verse 2: Egoraptor, Danny Sexbang]
Johnny Cage, I don't know if I'm gonna fit in at this school
Hey, don't worry Ken, the students here are super chill and cool
Scorpion's romantic and he's gentle as a deer
Look, listen to the new love song he wrote
It's called, "Come Here!"
La la la la la la la la la
COME HERE!!
Agh!
La la la la la la la la la la la la
GET OVER HERE!!
AHHHHHH!
This is Goro, he's a demon
And he really loves to kill
He'll pull your nutsack up over your head
And roll you down a hill
And Kano, he is criminally insane
Oh, by the way, though
If I say so, I can make Sub-Zero crush your skull like Play-Doh
The moral is Street Fighter High can't deal with the fatalities
And if you fuck with us, your death is an eventuality
You better watch your back, 'cause we will be watching you closely
And if you step to us, you know that ass is gettin' TOASTY!

[Chorus: Danny Sexbang]
Yeah-eah-ah!
It's prime time for romance
And if you tell her your deal
She'll decapitate you with a fan
There is a chance you will not survive this dance
There are so many wondrous ways for us to kill your ass

[Bridge: Egoraptor, Danny Sexbang]
Killed at a blood transfusion! (Donatality!)
Stabbed while ejaculating! (Masturbatality!)
Eating too much pasta! (Carbohydratality!)
I'm having trouble peeing
That's a prostatetality!
Killed as you're conceived! (Procreatality!)
¡Muerte Español! (Translatality!)
Cut by triple axel! (Figure skatality!)
I like it when a girl has a nice personality!

[Outro: Danny Sexbang]
Ahem
I'll see myself out