[Chorus: Danny Sexbang, Egoraptor]
My name is Ash Ketchum baby!
My life is back on track
But I've been in the hospital
Since Pika shot me in the sack
And I don't know all the new Pokemons
Yo bro, I can help you with that
Hey Brock! I'll do all the singing
And you take care of the raps

[Verse 1: Egoraptor, Danny Sexbang]
Alright, let's go!
Pikachu, Squirtle, Venasaur, Arcanine
Diglett, Jigglypuff, Muk
Oh, I know these guys!
Asscloud, Nippleclamp, Poopypants, Dingledoodle
Ranchbreath, Turkeyburger, Beefhead, Clyde
Woah!
Haterade, Bubbledump, Overdraft, Headcheese
Picklefeet, Frontbutt, Softbreak, Commonwhore
Underloaf, Chairwolf, Manateats, Freebase
Nickelback, Lumbersack, Tinyhead, Door

[Refrain: Danny Sexbang, Egoraptor]
A-are you serious? You're not making those up? Those are real?
Haha! You know it, bro! Gotta catch em' all!

[Chorus: Danny Sexbang, Egoraptor]
Well it seems new types of Pokemon are coming out really fast!
Oh, there are more
Really? Wait, I'm immediately sorry that I asked

[Verse 2: Egoraptor]
We've got
Jigglystuff, Adamsapple, Frognut, Waterbottle
Candyass, Tracklighting, Pick-a-dilly, Man
Lamberguineapig, Artstudent, Tinkleburg, Flavorsaver
Trainlick, Coffeemunch, Poodlehat, Dataplan
Wondernug, Telechubby, Ravermouse, Milkstain
Yogafish, Oldperson, Freezeclump, Ponysquirt
Oilyshorts, Dad's sweater, Poppasquat, Hairystump
Wetsocks, Shatternut, Noodlearm, Shirt

[Chorus: Danny Sexbang, Egoraptor]
They're running out of ideas and I can't take anymore!
Don't worry, there's only a couple left
How many?
Uh 300,064
Nooo

[Verse 3: Egoraptor]
Stinkledink, Cuddlydeath, Arguement, Pillowbite
Drumsolo, ActuallySatan, Weinisfriend, Dinobooty
Santajew, Clevergirl, Straightuptoilet, Whalesnail
FiddlyFaddlyBiddlyBaddlyDiddlyDoodlyHiddlyHoodly
Snaggletoosh, Poolboy, Drizzlenips, Spatalanturn
Thuma Urman, Bunch-a-nugget, Manglerubber, Catdeer
Fuglyrumph, Phlemycough, Whiskertoes, Chocolatefart
Freemburglar, Swordtaint, Monkeychunk, Beer

[Outro: Danny Sexbang]
Fuck it! You know what? I'm going back to the hospital
*gunshots*
Ah! My sack, my sweet sweet sack