Fuck niggas, if you a fuck nigga... I don't fuck witchu!

Hook:

Where the yoppas at? I need to buss' or sumn'
Lil mama throw it back, you need to buss' or sumn'
And I ain't tryna come see you unless I'm fuckin sumn'
Yea these niggas really fake, I don't run under nun'
I don't know you, and you don't know me
So don't go off what you heard, cause you dont know me
Ok you say you wit the shits, you gotta show me
I read niggas, keep ya distance you don't know me

Verse 1:

You don't know me, you don't know me
You say you blow heat? You gotta show me
I heard niggas lookin' for me like they know me
But should no nigga look for me, unless they owe me
But if you lookin' for me, bitch I'm posted (SQUAD!)
Right on 78th & Essex, where I poster
And you could try to ride through, if you want to
But I'd be careful, cause C-Money got that toaster
Gotta stop sayin' names, cause the police watchin'
And they all on ma dick tryna hold us
Opps come to court tryna snitch on the soldiers
Itchin' and scratchin' me, I'll knock his shit off his shoulders
All these old ass niggas tryna come around now
LIke they wanna fuck wit me cause I'm older
While I know they really wanna hang cause I'm holy
Fuck niggas stay up in ya lane, you don't know me (Haann)

Hook

Verse 2:

How you say you know me fam?
Where the fuck I meet you at?
Hold on. watch out, don't approach me fam
Before I let you meet this strap
Boy I been out there in that field, stayed out there
Wit them killas, so hell naw you can't catch me wit
No new niggas, there's a 30 on one of two niggas
Run the streets, if a nigga try and shoot at me
Fuck you think I'm suppose to do nigga?
And I know half of ya'll won't shoot for me
That's why I don't fuck witchu' niggas
On top of that, you ain't never did shit for me
So I ain't got nun' for you nigga
Matter of fact, if it was all left up to me I
Got hits for a bunch of you niggas, Moodie
Where the yoppas at? I need to buss' or sumn'
Pull up and let them choppas clap you gon'
Need luck or sumn', young nigga do what I
Wanna do, not what I'm pose to do
Fuck nigga how you call yourself a G
When that's somewhere over you? (GANG!)

Hook