[Intro: G Herbo]
Yeah
Roll up, pasto (Right now)
Gherbo
Uhuh, Foreal

[Verse 1: Gherbo]
Before I leave the house I pack a bag
Couple grams of OG, and my latest Mag
Plus I'm dripping swag
Nigga get in your bag
Buy my bitch designer then get mad she don't ever wear it
All my friends are dead
I never cared
My block is on the red (Red zone)
We never cared
Shoot niggas in the head, we never scared
Been on your block a few times, you was never there
You see me right there, now I'm everywhere
I been making all this money so I'm everywhere
Fuck around and stacked up 50 a month, since February
Fuck around and take 250 and stunt for when I never had it
Definitely, when a nigga had it, all my niggas had it
Know these ratchet bitches begging
Who sucking dick the fastest?
New M6, who get the fastest?
Imma just put this in Sport and fly past them
I hit the pasto feel like I got asthma
Every bitch I fuck in Miami a dancer
My bitch gon get nasty anyway... I don't gotta ask her
She gon' come pull me to fuck in the bathroom
Slide in the room at a party and smash it
Slide I might get the top while in traffic
I don't ever really even fuck on the mattress
My girl look like a girl that likes girls
3 sisters I ain't never fuck on a actress

[Chorus: G Herbo]
Get fucked up, roll up
Rep yo shit, throw it up
What you drinking? Pour it up
Now it's going up, you throwing up
'Cause you drunk as fuck, what the fuck
Tell her I wanna fuck, she know wassup
Yo bitch get tore up, she want another cup
You with that shit or what? You gon' do this or what?

[Verse 2: Gherbo]
Bitch you nutts
You just hit my blunt
What the fuck bitch , you lil dirty slut
All I used to give a fuck was dirty cups
Sipping on that act I fucked off 30 bucks
And I helped the hi tech plug run it up
Spent my last on codeine, I was dumb as fuck
Lean had me so sleep sometimes I ain't wanna fuck
Had to quit that shit because I love to fuck
Definition of a sex junky I take drugs to fuck
Give her a bean watch how she turn to a dick suck machine
Fresh on the scene, she wanna fuck 'cause I'm in that McQueen
Paid 2 stacks for the jacket, straight off the racket, and a rack for the jeans
I was on Essex with ratchets in my jacket, you know what's brackin' with me
I've just been racking up 20s and 30s and shows like a racking machine
When you gon' get with that racket, you know what's gon' happen, we clapping the scene
We ain't with the dissin' and rappin', you know what's gon' happen, we clapping your team
Ride with the team (Ride with the team), in traffic with Beams (Ayy)
Rollin' off Beans (Rollin' off Beans), you know what that means (You know what that means)
Already masked up, when we pull over you know it's a Green
Police know me already know not to ask nun (Yeah)
They already know I don't know anything

[Chorus: G Herbo]
Get fucked up, roll up
Rep yo shit, throw it up
What you drinking? Pour it up
Now it's going up, you threw it up
'Cause you drunk as fuck, what the fuck
Tell her I wanna fuck, she know wassup
Yo bitch get tore up, she want another cup
You with that shit or what? You gon' do this or what?
Get fucked up, roll up
Rep yo shit, throw it up
What you drinking? Pour it up
Now it's going up, you threw it up
'Cause you drunk as fuck, what the fuck
Tell her I wanna fuck, she know wassup
Yo bitch get tore up, she want another cup
You with that shit or what? You gon' do this or what?