[Intro: FBG Duck]
(Fuck this shit)
Yeah! what up y'all?
Yeah, I'm back, bitches
Yeah, you ho ass niggas, yeah
NLMB in the buliding, you hear me?
Yeah, this [?], man
Sauce!
Big boss, big boss, [?], you hear me?
Yeah, get y-get ya weight up, motherfucker
[?]
Niggas steady slidin'
L-L-Lil Rico Got The Sauce!

[Verse: G Herbo]
It is a 150 Party, don't invite the feds
I was in the trenches, born with that SIG
Couldn't pull up with two shooters 'cause that was all we had
Still clapped his ass, still whacked his ass (Yeah)
And we shot your man on accident
Ain't even hit him that many times, look up axed his ass, damn
And you'll never know what we slidin' in
Wanna pull up clappin' out that foreign, pussy start rappin' then
He was outside, pussy nigga, then he died then
Bitch, load up that .30, why you crying then?
Bitch, come pull up and kill one of mine then
And if you really want this body, bitch, keep trying then
Walking down the nine with that (With that)
Ain't even have no mask, put on our hood
Big bro asked me was I tryna slide, and I just shrugged
Lil foenem' got all the shooters gassed up, we good (Good)
We was shooting niggas going to highschool
We blew down the twins, they told the council
Student-Teacher Conference, brought they grandma, too
Ain't give no fuck, next day, brought my hammer, too
You ain't never posted up by the corner with Roc
You ain't never seen Fazo with that .40 G-Glock
You ain't never had to run from the end of the block
You ain't never seen slime pop out wit' no top
You ain't never seen nobody drop, at least not one of the opps
And I always shoot, no movie, these bitches look like some props
And all of these bitches got mops
Couple of the guys cut off they locks, 'cause them bitches got hot
Whole Eastside's getting popped
I was on the 8, I was high off a eight, phone East-Side of the pop
Gotta get the 'matic, said, "whodie in traffic"
Oh, he slidin' wit' a bop
Ya'll ain't talkin' about that, we talkin' 'bout that one?
Oh, he died off the spot
We ain't never tryna give no nigga the first lick so we ridin' with it out
I remember I was fifteen, bought my first [?], tryna see what that bitch was about
Gotta ride to the block, linked up wit' [?], we blew that bitch in a hour
9-1-1, knock him down, Twin Towers, red showers, red flowers
We was smoking oppers when he had sours
Now we smoke exotic, Essex block, that's ours (Bitch)
And I got power, (Bitch) get the strip devoured
Ain't gotta pop out with no extra clip, another one of them
Bitches around us
All my niggas running up 6 figures, got at least double digits around us
Said you ain't worried bout none of these choppers, till one hundred of these bitches come out it (Rrahh)

[Outro: FBG Duck]
Them gang members in the building! you hear me?
East-side, ride-or-die, motherfucker!
Huh, get your motherfucking weight up
All you motherfucking sucker ass niggas
I'm done wit' you lollipop bitches! You hear me?
[?] my niggas, man
All y'all steady snitchin'
Lil Rico Got The Sauce!
Guess what, we got glue traps for you rats!
Huh, [?]
This shit ain't over, we gettin' money man
Get us on the island, bitch
Get us on there, get your passport and get us on the island
[?]
Ah, you really workin' with feelings
Check this out, [?]
No limit, they brainless! feel me?
Them niggas ain't got no brains, them niggas ain't got no feelings
Cut they chest open, guess what's in there, a steel box bitch!