[Sample]
"Heaven only knows, yeah"

[Intro]
Ayo 'Fest. Manifest. These dudes is killing me man. For real man listen. They were not there when I struggled. Not at all. All of them crept out of the woodwork when it looked like I was getting on right? (Aye it's Kruk!) And then they all just decided to leave me hanging again. (Who's Kruk?) When it looked like I was still struggling. Can you believe that? And now they are mad because I'm finally getting on, like really getting on. And I don't feel like inviting them to the party. Lord knows, it it feel like...man

[Verse One: Krukid]
They got me walking on water, spitting through the fire
They saying that I'm ill
They singing to the choir
It don't mean I'm humble just because I kept silent
I've been knowing I'm nice, y'all just started recognizing
But now there's a problem
I feel like it's getting to my head
Cause I'm getting that respect then I get a little bread
And the things that should worry me I never really sweat
Like the fact I got a whole continent to represent
And these shows I be killing got the girls catching feelings
Till I'm starting to believe that I'm really that appealing
My head's growing and it's getting harder to conceal it
My feel are off the ground, feel like I ain't got a center
Feel like there's way less family, and way more friends
With burdens expecting me to take the weight off them
Having way less dollars made way more cents/sense
When I struggled alone, like where was y'all then?

[Hook 1: Krukid]
Lord knows I've struggled, Lord knows I've pushed
Heaven only knows how long this all took
Look, friends from my foes it's hard to tell apart
Cause Heaven only knows who was here from the start
Lord knows
Heaven alone knows

"Heaven alone knows, yeah"

[Interlude:M.anifest talking]
Ayo Kruk. Bredren. I remember when they didn't want to [?] on me man. Real story. They thought I was broke and lonely, no one invited me out. When I tried to hand some ladies so fliers they fronted like "Yo who is this guy over here?" now they in the front row. Trying to give rappers dap, just showing respect. Then look away like I was a nobody, like I was some African bum. Now they hit me on Myspace daily like "Can we do a song?" It funny to me how things change though. Really

[Verse Two: M.anifest]
You see I already walked on water and been through the wire
If you hate on what I'm doing, that's fuel for my fire
I've been getting props since back in 1st grade
When life gave me lemons, I squeeze lemonade
So now I'm getting press everybody on my nuts
And my ego getting large, gotta keep the man in check
I gotta stay humble and be on my grizzily
It's hard cause all of a sudden everybody missing me
Only a few years ago they were dismissing me
Now they got my songs on repeat like history
Need it for this energy,I'm music I'm movement
Attention from the women makes it even more confusing
When I was broke, my words were a nuisance
Now I'm getting bills so they all want my two cents
I see how it is, the nature of the biz
But Heaven only knows, I deserve more for being [?] poor

[Hook 2: M.anifest]
Lords knows I struggled, knows I tried
Heaven only knows the pain in my eyes
Rain and the snow, the stress and hard times
Cause Heaven only knows I hustle for my shine
Lord knows
Heaven only knows

[Bridge]
I remember back in the day nobody wanna hear me
Now they all eagerly hitting me up daily
They said that I made it but I tell them "Barely."
That's why I sleep late and wake up early

Yeah Heaven only knows

[Verse Three: Brother Ali]
How could you be expected to expect something?
The matter of the fact is you ain't did nothing
I don't mean to patronize jerks
But it ain't about real, work recognize work
Uh
Life is cause and effect
Now how do you connect all that crying to this shit?
Dawg...
Ain't you tired of it yet?
Talking all out of your neck and lying on your sweat
Check
If you decide to sit
Then what they decide to bring you is all you're gonna get
Take notes
That's the way it goes
Your mouth say you're hot but your feet stay froze
Definition of the word "broke"
If this don't work so I ain't got no
And we don't wear coats that got tails
So you're gonna have to hitch a ride with someone else

"Heaven only knows, yeah"
"Heaven only knows, yeah"