[Intro]
One for treble
Two for bass
Shock the party and do it right

[Verse 1]
Ha! Would you look at him?
Yeah, fuck him!
He walk like he just did something great
And can't hold his leg muscles straight
I puts a little something in my step
So these [overdotes?] know they ain't fuckin' with us yet
I never left a customer upset
You ain't huffin' and puffin' in my set
Like it wasn't in the fizz-eck
My people ain't for tustlin' and shit
Listen you hecklin' me in the venue, I will duff you in the nizz-eck
I done raised these phrases since babies
In order to make them tough, I trained them rough
Seldom a sentence ever escape my mouth
Without me kicking it hard in the ass on the way out
I step on the tour manager floor
So that I could holler for y'all 'til my throat got sore
They hand me thirty minutes then I won't stop short
Until you beg for mercy and the whole spot pour
And all the while the feet never touching the ground
[?] grind his teeth to the thunderous sound
Keep clever, every other line is something profound
Now what about me say I'm fuckin' around?
Sweet Jesus!

[Hook]
Listen up, get loud and clear
Gon' shock and amaze with the sound you hear
I said listen up, and get right tonight
We gonna shock the party and do it right
Listen up, get loud and clear
Got to wiggle your ass, get wild in here
I said listen up, and get right tonight
We gonna shock the party and do it right

[Verse 2]
Here's a tip-toe around me on eggshells
Then got a few props and your head swell and then well...
You swear to God you wouldn't boogalu
Now look at you when we cry to throw the book at you
I soak into my blood on Ant beat
Your blood on your sneak from a pulp to the beat, right
Should be preserving your breath
Bring murder and death when I swerve in your set
Ain't heard of us yet but we bang bang boogie
Steer clear and let us do our damn thing lookie
Hear I wanna thank y'all for rookie of the year
But I ain't finished fuckin' with your ear
God damn it now!

[Hook]
Listen up, get loud and clear
Gon' shock and amaze with the sound you hear
I said listen up, and get right tonight
We gonna shock the party and do it right
Listen up, get loud and clear
Got to wiggle your ass, get wild in here
I said listen up, and get right tonight
We gonna shock the party and do it right

[Break 1]
Somebody come on!
Anybody come on!
Everybody scream!
Somebody say, oh yeah!
That's right, y'all!

[Verse 3]
Hol' up
I don't fuck with no one unless I love 'em
Ant, Slug's a deacon, BK our brothers
And I ain't got nothing if I ain't got pride
Either love me or don't waste my time
I'll break my spine
Y'all buy tickets and raise my guarantee
And that's another hungry mouth I can feed
Believe you me, sequel to the Shadows and the Champ EP
These muh'fuckers all leanin' tryna see through me
Watch out, tell me what the fuck are you really seeing
You ain't shit, you get your jewelry taken
Right along with your shoes and your laces
That beautiful bracelet
'Cause your company control the way you viewin' the matrix
See I came in the game without a name
Just some displaced anguish and a gift for the language
I give a rat's ass what category I'm placed in
At the end of the day, we all piss in the same wind
Same play pen, just a little different arrangement
And I ain't been artistically caged in
I bring to the table gifted innovation
Plus some morbid more than their imagination
I never know when to say when I'm hated
I debate with a stranger 'til I blatantly break them
I give 'em a facelift with the blade of the bass kick
It's a ways to the payment now barely don't say shit

[Hook]
Listen up, get loud and clear
Gon' shock and amaze with the sound you hear
I said listen up, and get right tonight
We gonna shock the party and do it right
Listen up, get loud and clear
Got to wiggle your ass, get wild in here
I said listen up, and get right tonight
We gonna shock the party and do it right

[Break 2]
Listen up, listen up
Listen up, listen up
(Shock the party and) somebody come on!
(Shock the party and) anybody come on!
(Shock the party and do it right)
It's going on downtown
Let's stop!