[Verse 1]
I'm like the Atheist spokesman
That why I come under fire and pressure attacks like Rex Grossman
Yea this game is intense
I been sayin' it since agnostic people been playin' the fence
They keep sayin' it's the same in a sense
That evolution requires faith, that universe just came to exist
First of all, microevolution been proven
In the same way that sound waves let you listen to music
And macroevolution is the system of change
At or above the level of the species inflicted with change
That's microevolution on a grand scale we can't even word
Because our life span's too short to observe
"But carbon dating is flawed!
Its half life is 5730 years, and that supports our cause"
Now that'd be great if we used it to date
But since we don't then I'm gonna question that argument's weight
We use potassium argon to date the globe
Not carbon 12 or carbon 14 not none of those
So before you attack Grey go get ya facts straight
Because in the facts race, your god comes into last place

[Chorus] X 2
Belief in gods, we can fix that (fix that)
Irrational thoughts, we can dispatch (dispatch)
It may be hard but we'll get back (get back)
In the position just to end that (end that)

[Verse 2]
Look
To battle me you need to reason clearly
Now I'm not sayin' fear me
But at least be versed in punctuated equilibrium theory
Grand unified fields, quantum mechanics and dark planets
With logic that's sharper than a blade of d'Artagnan's
To destroy arguments of creationists who can't stand it
Then they try to hit me with the wager
Who? Pascal's wager. Who? Pascal's wager
Now that's a fool's bet
And against the intelligent it's used less
Really? You bet
That ain't nothing new, they use it on kids
But for those who don't know it goes a little like this
"Wouldn't you rather believe in god and be wrong
Than to not believe in god and be wrong?
If you believe in god and you're wrong you've lost nothing
But if you don't believe and you're wrong it's all suffering."
The problem is you can try it on anything
Switch the gods around and apply it to anything
The Flyin' Spaghetti Monster, Zeus, Amun, Ra
Krishna, Odin, Baal and Allah
Which one of 'ems our God?
None of 'em, all false
And blame it on the atheists, it's always our fault
Except it never is
So don't get mad at us
We just showin' ya'll the evidence

[Chorus] X 2
Belief in gods, we can fix that (fix that)
Irrational thoughts, we can dispatch (dispatch)
It may be hard but we'll get back (get back)
In the position just to end that (end that)

[Outro]
Grand Unified Theory
Rational Response Squad
I'm gonna make the fundies hate me
They gon' need a new reason to shut down rap
But they won't shut down rap that degrades women though, huh
They won't shut down rap that talks about sellin' crack though, huh
Hypocrites...
It's all good...