[Verse 1]
...Started off as a group home kid
No mom, no dad, two grown ears, do songs weird
Step to the Grey for a healthy debate now you gon’ give
Everything that I spit here is practice, every day a new beat I attack it
Why they all want to ignore you til you show up with a hatchet and spit something ratchet
Fuck that you can have it
...I’d rather fade out of hip hop into madness
Go out like a savage
Before I celebrate these cats these that are average
I’ll take out their cast with mathematically generated data packets
In a brazen fashion, i’ll haphazardly rage and blaze these bastards
No fear, 4 tier dimensional transcendence this guy has to have it
It’s both wheres, upstairs in the basement, downstairs in the attic
You so scared, unprepared to view structures beyond comprehension
But when it comes to this west coast lyricism shit i don’t even get a muthafuckin mention
Even closer i’m inchin’, to makin’ popular biochemistry and physics
These blows leaves indents
Against the pseudoscientific superstitiously
Fortified, mortified, while reality gets reorganized
Poor disguise, sword the ties
The last rhyme lord to be orphanized
...on the monochrome battlefield
Technicolor massive agro shield
Mass appeal, burnt up atmosphere
Post-apocalyptic hazard gear....
...Purpose. Rich in it its weight, it’s worth its wealth
That’s why I often try use single words that are small but are bigger than the whole verse itself
Curtains. Lift it and gaze at a multiverse
Then try to imagine your place in it, your rocky sphere, your patch of dirt
Laugh and hurt, vag to hearse
You either gonna be last or first
I’ve survived expansion’s burst
In a micro sized canister
Scaling the cosmic banister
On the other side with no hands like a jerk
With the sword of Jaime Lannister
With no space suit walkin’ around like it’s Earth
...pass me the blunt i’m about to get lit
Sitting on the edge of the cliff for the bottomless pit
But I botched it and slipped
And found out that Greydon Square is really Eddie Collins that fell in
Even the Dimethyltryptamine that set in
Couldn’t specify it, define it or tell him
Oh well on with the fall
It really feels like he’s not moving at all though
Cthulhu’s call bellowing
The most hard to find dude since Waldo
Ancient cargo, I got a ban plus a state embargo
To a nonlinear plane where your yesterday is my tomorrow
Try and follow
How could your thoughts be full, if your mind is hollow
Grind to grovel
...all I really got is time to borrow

[Chorus](x2)
Lifespans at time’s end style rhyme stanzas that mind bend
Extra-dimensional contraband, with geometries you can’t comprehend
...Euclidian? Naw
More in the form of a witty idiom bomb
...is this really a song?
Or the infinity within an entity’s palm?

[Verse 2]
...I’m Alan Guth when I smash your crew with a rap or two
While I’m still the vast astral that’ll hurl your craft into the fractal stew
...who you dashing to?
Stunned at the sun like it’s magical
Fanatical, trying to convince me belief in your god isn’t madness. No
...you can keep it
Me? I'd rather get lost in a room full of secrets
...Who the deepest in rap?
I bet they’ll feel off in the pools that I creep in
A movement of seeking
A view of the future we’ve all have a peek
Underneath the guise
Some believe the lies
Others reach for highs far out of reach
...You just see the mad scientist
Back on his omega-minus kick
You failed to recognize the inner pupil
Practitioner of iron fist
Beat breaks reshaped by the seascape
While all they see is just a convoluted think tank
Behold! The permittivity of free space
You follow trend while we cheat fate

[Chorus](x2)
Lifespans at time’s end style rhyme stanzas that mind bend
Extra-dimensional contraband, with geometries you can’t comprehend
...Euclidian? Naw
More in the form of a witty idiom bomb
...Is this really a song?
Or the infinity within an entity’s palm?

[Chorus](x2)
(Infinities) lifespans at time’s end style rhyme stanzas that mind bend
(That make minds bend)
Extra-dimensional contraband, with geometries you can’t comprehend
(you can not comprehend) ...Euclidian? Naw
More in the form of a witty idiom bomb
(Destroys your postulate)
...Is this really a song?
Or the infinity within an entity’s palm?

[Outro]
Infinities
That makes minds bend
You can not comprehend
Destroy your postulate
Infinities