[Intro]
[Dr. Michio Kaku]
Many scientists say, "See? We've scanned the heavens and we see no evidence of any intelligent life in outer space." Probably send signals, not on one frequency, but perhaps on the entire spectrum, so that a passing star will not interrupt the entire signal. Now we are really a type zero civilization and beings of a type three civilization can soar across hyperspace. They are perhaps millions of years more advanced than us. The distance between us and ants would be the same comparable distance between type three and a type zero civilization. We are so arrogant, so conceited, that we say "They MUST visit us. We're so important that they're going to interrupt all their business just to come to us and give us a little bit of super technology." I don't think so

[Verse 1: Greydon Square]
We dove and rose from the lifestream
Too slow to just take a light beam
You dare, think that you could fare
Ever sail the rough oceans of type 3, nah
This isn’t even a battle or war you are sustenance
Our stable time loop, you are stuck in it
The races like you, you are nothingness to we
The “us”, the “they”, the first “gods”, cosmic alpha “them”
The race that first evolved
And made it all the way to the mountain tip
...this is the pinnacle
The top, the peak, the zenith, apex
...this is the miracle
That we haven’t destroyed your whole wave set
Yet, you try to flex
On something you can’t know, but then try to guess
No need for the death blows
Dealing with the lower planes, brings a lot stress
We are the astral
If we did ever have to attack you
We would hurl whole galaxies at you
As we unfurl upon your rap crew
Leave the highest type 2 baffled
As we interact with their space-time
Multi universal conduits taking you anywhere
We can take mine
Across many galactic radii
If you ever saw it, it would break your eyes
Even if you ever did know where to find us
If you got too close, you’d be vaporized

[Hook]
So how do we get there from here?
Omniverse just seems so far away
So how do we get there from here?

We began our long climb up The Kardashev Scale
We set course into depth on The Mandelbrot sails
What we’ve traveled is nothing compared to
Where we need to go
Where we need to go...

[Verse 2]
...our obscene age is in the deep range, keep playing
Beings strain to get where we’ve aimed
The entire species is a think tank
Black hole compendium archives
Bound for the omni, the far side
This is the galactic star rise sound
While you’ve been living out the god guise
Please...
Lesser creatures are thought to be divine
Lest we take the word “god” and redefine
It’s better that you just believe the lies
Seek and find us just for peace of mind but
Know you’ll have to leave us when your time’s up
And you should solely return here to rhyme with us
Only when you’re truly realized
Be advised
...all of this is simply vibration you are just a different kind
A name of one of a million
Race not even technologically fit to mention mine
...our wordplay is absurd slay
The prime central interdimensional omniversal hub is our workplace
Where I work late
Traverse the celestial landscape
With near impossibly high IQs
Fight you?
You’re lucky we allowed your species to make it to Type 2
We are considered the prime force
Used to galaxy seeding and time wars
Who would rather be meeting the rhyme lords
Than to hype fools who are quite new

[Hook]
So how do we get there from here?
Omniverse just seems so far away
So how do we get there from here?

We began our long climb up The Kardashev Scale
We set course into depth on The Mandelbrot sails
What we’ve traveled is nothing compared to where we need to go
Where we need to go...

(our obscene age is in the deep range)
(our obscene age is in the deep range)

[Michio Kaku]
We think that there is a higher theory
Our universe coexisting in other bubbles
In a multiverse
In a mega-verse of universes