[Intro]
"Hey! Welcome back! I didn't think I was going to see you
You know I figured after the last album I wasn't satisfied
I wasn't content with where we are right now
[Music comes in fuller, background "Square" "Guess who's back?"]
We didn't piss enough people off
You ready?

[Background "Square"]
Grand Unified Rational Response Squad Theory
Yow, [background "Guess who's back"] This is the CPT Theorem, aha check it!

(Greydon's back)
Fall well, farewell, wish em farewell
We know so many secrets about em we should tell tell
You wanna have a debate? Great!
Set up the time and place
And we can discuss time and space
But you better be able to back up
Whatever you drag up and fact-up
Until now you beautiful clowns haven't
Been able to stack up against us and with
No any emperical evidence you'll miss us

Look at em all baby eyes an all
Robot arms hangin from the side
So terrified to think for themselves
It's no surprise they actually think
In the church that no one lies
Look at their programs,prayers,yeah they're motorized
Get up the battle agreement go get it notarized
For the older guys who just want to be polarized
For the same reason we just want to spread open eyes
This is for the rise of the Atheist!

[Chorus]
Guess who's back? (x2)aha yeah
Greydon's back
That's why they still wanna attack us
Becuz they still scared of the truth
Guess who's back?
I guess Squared wasn't enough
So we had to take it up to the Cubed
Greydon's back

Rational Response Squad, Atheist Alliance
Margaret Downey's rottweilers, so don't even try it!
Freedom from Religion Foundation, CFI
American Humanist Association, even the "brights"
And we may not all get along but I guarantee you its war
If you wanna bring us ask Kent Hovind on the Squad
I've been focused on getting the disease of religion ripped open

My argument is tough like old leather
You thought I'd keep throwin Compton Effect
I'm so better, Christian rappers don't diss me no more
They knew better
They knew I'd call them on their Bullshit
Like Penn&Teller, cause if you want truth
Then we want you, and if you don't then we
Siccing the reason on you
So stand in line, keep ignoring the evidence
Cause when you unplug your ears
We'll have an atheist president
Now

Chorus:
Guess who's back? (x2)aha yeah
Greydon's back
That's why they still wanna attack us
Becuz they still scared of the truth
Guess who's back?
I guess Squared wasn't enough
So we had to take it up to the Cubed
Greydon's back

[Greydon continues]
Your prophet is no match for my logic
The bottom line is he made it all up
And you bought it
You see your illiterate merchant was wrong and then some
The complete subjugation of women in Islam
Is no different than Jews being burnt in a furnace
By a Catholic half Jew, think about it
To commit genocide he'd have to believe in a god
Who would practice the same thing evident in
Genesis and Leviticus
Read that Bible again a loving god
You won't find him again
They say I take it easy while the greesy grace
Bigoted Mormon Church just gets off easy, oh no hell no the latter can wait
I still laugh in the face of Latter-Day Saints
I'll dig up the corpses of the Brigham family
And give em skid marks in they Jesus-jamas
What now?

Chorus:
Guess who's back? (x2)aha yeah
Greydon's back
That's why they still wanna attack us
Becuz they still scared of the truth
Guess who's back?
I guess Squared wasn't enough
So we had to take it up to the Cubed
Greydon's back

Greydon Cubed or square whatever you wanna call me