[Intro Sample: Colin Cowherd]
I’m going to bring in a little bit of wisdom that I have learned in my life
You ever heard that old saying, “you never forget your first love”?
That’s a 40, 50 year gap between your first love and now
That’s 45 and 50 years removed!
That doesn’t go away, man!
Being snubbed in high school by the pretty girl, it doesn’t go away
It doesn’t go away 40 years later
And that’s not necessarily a bad thing

[Verse 1: Greydon Square]
I’m not the person that you think that I am, I never was
I’m the orphan that my family abandoned, was never loved
What makes you think that I could ever trust?
To get that feeling of union I’ll live vicarious
You deserve better
One who believes you’ll stand with him through the worst weather
I never wanted to affect you with my curse, ever
You’ll never know that I sought to protect you from me
Thoughts to keep you from this toxic waste and arc of suffering
My only path was shield you with my solitude
And forfeit all of the potential joy I could have brought to you
If only our love was allowed to flourish
Family, kids - yeah I thought about it for us
But you were never mine
I was just sent to mask aromas of your relationship with the distance past
I knew for me those times were just as crucial
Back when I would’ve been invisible to you

[Chorus: Greydon Square]
Seen as damaged goods
From my mother to my father, seen as damaged goods
To all the women in my past, seen as damaged goods
From my teachers to my peers, I was damaged goods

All they seen was damaged goods
A hard head from the up city’s damaged goods
System-bred, group home fed damaged goods
All my brothers and my sisters know I’m damaged goods

[Verse 2: Greydon Square]
All you’ll see is a war-broken soldier with his defenses up
Hints at such, those missiles that hit were meant for us
Wakin’ up at night terrors tryna fight horror(?)
So wrong, I still think I grew up in the right era
And you want this? I logically reject
I won’t even bother, I have an abandonment complex
Me? I’d rather run for hill, making strides
Break for life, I refuse to be a consolation prize
These days I look for sharper sword and better shield
To protect from the sex appeal in every wound that never heals
You can never get the demons out, no exorcisms
That’s why I’m using isolation like a coping mechanism
A new motivation absolves the anger
A far-cry from my blue pill doppelganger
I’m just tryna play the cards I was dealt
And keep the hurt and scars to myself
So you can’t see the -

[Chorus: Greydon Square]
Damaged goods
From my mother to my father, seen as damaged goods
To all the women in my past, seen as damaged goods
From my teachers to my peers, I was damaged goods

All they seen was damaged goods
A hard head from the up city’s damaged goods
System-bred, group home fed damaged goods
All my brothers and my sisters know I’m damaged goods
All you’ll see is -

[Outro Sample: Colin Cowherd]
And you don’t understand, in his upbringing
If you go look at his upbringing
And you’re like “how do you look in the rear-view mirror?”
How do you not?
Haha, that stuff never ever leaves you, ever!
And I’m not sure it’s a bad thing!
Nobody gets elite without a stumble, a roadblock
An enemy, a chip on their shoulder
The great ones here lay deceased, current
Everybody’s got a chip on their shoulder
You get there with attitude and resilience
And that resilience is formed of being burned
And scorned and mocked
It’s incredibly human, and we’re all dealing with something