[Verse 1: Greydon]
Waves. A behavior in space-time. Vibration. Sound. Oscillation
Light. A fancy way of saying electromagnetic radiation
Sight. Visual perception. The ability to discern direction
Might. What I bring to the mic. When these emcees gonna learn they lesson?
...Line throwin' mind blowing rhyme poet, that flows
While you condone your time stolen
Astro. Greek. Meaning star. Flaming plasma ball
Equations embedded in space-time while adinkran images mask it all
Some of us were passed down martial science from the ancients
A one inch punch? I could pull a strike off from the planck length
....Among humans, the differences are marginal
Free to move at light anywhere, like any massless particle
Chart and go, spark and blow dro, then explain a parallax
And how a nearer object moves faster than when it’s there in the back
We deal in octaves
Physics, math, chemistry, logic
Enemy? stop it. You’re better off described as an entropy novice

[Chorus]
Wake up
They want to know how far into the future you’re gonna take them
Then want to know just.. how stark the view is through an ape lense
Cause they’ll only respond to perpetual progress if it’s flagrant
Complacent with life, yet are fearful of death

[Verse 2: Greydon]
Let me see, while you still stuck on the collection fee
I’m wreckin' beats, when you check for me
Mark the box that says, “Extra heat! Technically.”
Peep it, it’s like trying to keep a secret the DMT trip
When you’ve already had ego death and your heart is ready to release it
This ocean’ll make you seasick
But at least you under the night sky
Not only in the right place, but even born in the right time
To make music, DJ, and write rhymes
Everyone has a crew, but no one’s doing it like mine
Verbal graffiti we spray and hurl in your city
The ruckus we create interrupts the early committees
...They’ll scramble in panic thinking that it’s a takeover
But in the context of #GU, we’re just a placeholder
The most powerful of us haven’t even been born yet
Formed yet
Why do you think they call us the “Hornet's Nest”?
But, we won’t stop until we see, civilization level Z
And the only language we’d have is
Peace, knowledge, and extropy

[Chorus]
Wake up
They want to know how far into the future you’re gonna take them
Then want to know just.. how stark the view is through an ape lense
Cause they’ll only respond to perpetual progress if it’s flagrant
Complacent with life, yet are fearful of death

Wake up
They want to know how far into the future you’re gonna take them
Then want to know just.. how stark the view is through an ape lense
Cause they’ll only respond to perpetual progress if it’s flagrant
Complacent with life, yet are fearful of death