[Intro: Syqnys]
Yeah, Syqnys. Greydon Square
Back to hurt you again

[Verse 1: Syqnys]
Yeah, I thought Islam was a peaceful religion, I still do
It's peaceful, but if you ever leave it they'll kill you
Does it really appeal to you to willingly kneel
To a god that feels you should be concealed
From your heels to your head
And your husband only he can reveal you?
Oh. Not really? I feel you
You can say Allah's just silly until you
Realize your own god is just as silly and real too
You're created, sick. You see?
Then he wills you to be well
The irony is he can just heal you
Justification for the evil men will do
I'm trying to speak to all these people that still do believe in Jesus
They say: "He is your savior. Worship little baby as he sleeps in a manger"
I criticize your god. You're seething with anger
And use god to justify your evil behavior
Take a rain check on church. I think I'll just stay here
And wait for your Santa-God to bring me some reindeer
They say, Syq can rap. Yeah, but he's way weird
All that atheist craziness, I think I'll just stay clear
Cover your ears, but you're gonna hear me
Though I'm certainly weary of these worshipers near me
My purpose is merely to serve you severely
Hurt you. I think it's me you wanna hurt 'cuz you fear me

[Chorus](x2)
You wanna hurt me?
So you wanna hurt me
You wanna hurt me?
Wanna see me burning
You wanna hurt me?
Eternally in hell I dwell and yell
And plead and desperately beg your god for mercy

[Verse 2: Greydon Square]
More bars. Four points for the score card
Any versus Grey'll walk away with a sword scar
If it's Ramadan I'll break the fast rule
Have religious people whine like a pack mule
You were the clown in your classroom
And it shows in your rhyme every time that you rap, fool
Nothing but yes-men in your whack crew
Trying to act cool, when I'm the shit like the bathroom
Can't be concerned with me having fans
When I have more beats flying at me like a vegan avalanche
An exceptional happenstance
About to sack Japan with the music of my rappin' clan
Don't get it twisted, I'm lifted
But I can still turn the most complicated physics into lyrics
Like the curvature of a comet's tail
Not even on your scale
I deal with motion at the quantum realm

[Verse 3: Syqnys]
You got a thick skull, inside is a blank space
Where your brain goes. Size of a plank length
With your lame flows, might wanna save face
We're 88 Bulls, Mike is our main strength
E=mc^2 yes see. But: U=A^2MC (you equal a square emcee)
I switched the variables up, yeah damn straight
And, there's only a letter between rappin' and rapin'
This track's takin' a dark path, it's half naked
No need to rape with the Hitch of rap and black Sagan
I'm Syqnys and that's Greydon, we're mad raven rappers with a dumb flow
Better go ask Palin when she's on the rag hatin' men 'cuz she's man-struatin'
Menstruatin', that's sexist and it's damn dated
It's not 2008. Better go back, make it more relevant
Ted Cruz, that man's crazed and insane
As crazy as seventy percent of the universe being made of dark energy
And we don't even know if that's real
They still pretend to be in a position
To claim that low entropy at the beginning says a creative god entity created it all
Dang. That's the end of the debate. You got a problem. I dig it
You can't solve it then just use god as a digit
God of the gaps. Yeah that's what they taught in statistics
You can cling to fine tuning until the Darwin of physics
Comes along and he gives us the knowledge to
Lift us out of this pointless argument
You want us? Come get us

[Chorus](x2)
You wanna hurt me?
So you wanna hurt me
You wanna hurt me?
Wanna see me burning
You wanna hurt me?
Eternally in hell I dwell and yell
And plead and desperately beg your god for mercy

[Outro]
You wanna hurt me
Grand Unified
Syqnys, Greydon Square
Nobody's trying to hurt you, k, god
It's just the way little girls like Malala get shot in the head
I dunno, maybe I wanna go home and vibe out to a little "Hurt You" by Syqnys and Greydon Square
You feel me? I'm such an evil atheist