"I believe man made god, out of ignorance and fear;
If god made made man then why the hell would he put us here?"
"I believe man made god, out of ignorance and fear."
"Broke us down, made us pray, to his god."

[Verse 1]
I submit to no gods, no bronze aged dictators
Nor rappers braggin about their thick paper
Gimme the mic let me blaze it once
My quantum raps exist in several different states at once
How many people pray for destruction? I bet a lot of them
Bigoted and just as informed as Pat Robertson
Creationism gives us a big laugh
You sided with the side of spells and witchcraft
Ouija boards and such
Your mind is a church and you got the windows boarded up
Aren't you bored or what? I guess ain't nothing getting in
And I'll bet only thing you care about is fittin' in
Where's there's fire, we carry propane
Man is the only animal that takes slaves
They want us to feel dumb and lost without a master but we're not
They want us to submit and succumb to the plot

[Verse 2]
Here's why your debate position's steadily losing
Its your amateurish misunderstanding of evolution
To real scientists, you cats are barely a nuisance
That religion you in should be paying you restitution
Stupid, you became a slave after we we're freed
Attacking Jay-Z you should be coming after me
We live in the studio, make music our way
And dont have to succumb to the industry for more pay
You cower and bow, to your peaceful warlord
How's he the prince of peace if he came to bring the sword?
Killing trees and shit
I'm always quoting your bible when you probably didn't read the shit
Gimme 3 good reasons to believing in your god
And I'll respond in a 100 bars and refute em all
If you really wanted peace
You'd accept different religions and gays
But you just a rat stuck in the maze
Muthafucka

[Verse 3]
So what's your deal, you insecure? Hate change?
You want to kill for your church with 8-gauge?
You the type scared of your own shadow
Prime rib cattle that probably won't even battle
You want to be herded by a sheep herder
I'll eat all of your arguments like a cheeseburger
Why else would you need rebirth
You were born too stupid the first time
They give you a do-over you can write some worse rhymes
Fuck that book I was born right the first time
Who else bible verse on the sight of rifles with burst on?
Try and tell me I'm a sinner from birth
That's exactly how they chip at your worth
Not me
I'm gonna tell everyone like me
That a rational response isn't likely
Hell is really the only threat that you have
And the fact that you actually think its real is sad
It shows you livin' in the past