[Intro]
Yea, #GU

[Verse 1]
Travel the Stargate, rap is just an arms race
Metallic skin over an arm that’s fake
...Our fate is linked to the page in which we sync our rage with ink
Only to translate: “this is the people’s age”
Tebows fade, Sagans tend to last forever
Imagine if Ali had liked the name Cassius better
You try to play hard, but that ass is feather
I spit hotter than Nevada summer weather in a plastic sweater
It’s all fair if you’re caught up in the crosshair
And all peace when you’re off air
But on? You actin’ like a boss, c’mon
We all know who takes orders from Mr. Ailes, you pawn
Steaks and prawns with Grey Poupon
Laced with arms, on top of all the painkillers the nation’s on
You naked son, fully exposed
No pulpit to bully your foes with
Or bullshit of yours to be sold
You rappers trying to lie in the cut
Y'all ass like rhinoceros butt
And lastly for those relics stuck in the past, mad trying to tie us up
Don’t have no kids. Just glue your wife’s vagina shut

[Chorus]
Loose thoughts are connected
Look too hard for reflection
Overthinking
Too far off the record
Got too smart of a message
So they tease me (hahaha)
Who ponders for the ponderer?
Reads for the illiterate?
Or searches for the wanderer? (searchin’)
It’s like the riddle resolves its mind
And so it’s Eddie

[Verse 2]
This is not an atheist’s christmas
If you're a novice save the criticism for my henchmen
When they’re in, you can diss them
Most are relics who move through the system, with wisdom
They understand light splits through the prism
And that the mind is the only prison
To escape it, you have to know the rhythm
And be known to chase it
See we own spaceships
Only a slave would make home the matrix
And willing to succumb to known agents
Roam the pavement on the hunt for old pagans
...just to exchange sole names with
Mine goes Greydon
I used to keep open book for you to scroll the pages
Before the phase shift
But now I speak in coded language
Type 3 a xenoverse inside the hive mind
Of twin jupiter brains that are siamese
Who of you could refrain from looking inside the
Compendium of which the third eye sees?

[Chorus]
Loose thoughts are connected
Look too hard for reflection
Overthinking
Too far off the record
Got too smart of a message
So they tease me (hahaha)
Who ponders for the ponderer?
Reads for the illiterate?
Or searches for the wanderer? (searchin’)
It’s like the riddle resolves its mind
And so it’s Eddie

[Verse 3]
More random rhymage
Being brought to you in part by the planet’s finest
My span is timeless
Pretend? Well I guess it depends
Think about our world for a moment and let it sink in
...you gained consciousness in the deep end
Let’s take an eighth of mushrooms together
And then we’ll be friends
...by that I mean you woke up
In a sea of life where they’re mad that you toke up
Villain? Sho nuff. Killin' children? So what
They put 'em back in office and often get back to donuts
...and they see the corporate monkey act
Most of 'em are simple people trying to get their country back
...in a two justice system:
One for the state, the other for the highest bidder
Where you can buy a Porsche or a nigga
Simply buy a law or the trigger
The cost is just far bigger

[Chorus](x2)
Loose thoughts are connected
Look too hard for reflection
Overthinking
Too far off the record
Got too smart of a message
So they tease me (hahaha)
Who ponders for the ponderer?
Reads for the illiterate?
Or searches for the wanderer? (searchin’)
It’s like the riddle resolves its mind
And so it’s Eddie

[Outro]
Nothing bothers me more when I have people even here at my own gym
They request to put on CNN while they’re like on a treadmill
Or on a [?], or bike
There’s garbage everywhere you look: the media, the tv, the paper
A lot of people are filled with negativity, “garbage in garbage out”
What you read gets filtrated into your mind
What you watch gets processed through your emotions
What I mean by “garbage in garbage out” is:
Be careful of what you take in because
It could be polluting your mind
When you talk about creating a mindset
Bottom line is this: If you put garbage into your mind
You’ll get garbage out of your mind
Your thoughts are very important because
Your thoughts create clarity
Your thoughts drive your actions
And your actions create your character
So what you read, what you listen to, is very very important