[Intro]
Yea, Type 3, yo

[Verse]
... Started at the foam as a quantum burst
On a journey from the planck through the omniverse
The shortest distance you can travel at the speed of light
Watch me take the same path as the neutrino’s flight
... Shot forward, zooming past the top quark
Where the space-time and energy roads do not fork
I’ve been slept on since the electron
... West born, home of the place they’ll leave your chest warm
... Photonic crystals are my playthings
Rap at this scale spoken at gamma ray wavelengths
Blaze beats, on my way to H3
Unstable combustible isotopes at great heat
Fluid like a mickey mouse molecule
Breaking down all atomic rules on the follow through
...I traverse the alpha helix
On the way to complex chemistry you’re bound to see it
.. Deoxyribonucleic secrets in the deep end
As I keep the beat and sow the seeds of reason
The only heathen that can bring you cell replication
Shoot questions dead through the barrel of investigation
Separation, 2 strands
Introduce RNA into the sequence, then you’ll get a new hand
... Puffin' chiba with amoeba
Debating which came first, consciousness or the creature with tapeworms
Cannabis tea poured from Russell’s teapot
To toast, to every person to ever win an EGOT
Pack a stadium, the size of a coliseum
Skyscrapers, high risers, tetrahedrons
... Give me a beat and an ounce of leaf
And I’ll show you things from the crease of the mountain peaks
Stay artful as I chop countries to state parcells
Leave the planet completely, become a space marshall
On the red planes exploring the Mars dunes
Scrutinize asteroid debris and small moons
Who you talkin' to? I spit the cold fission
Visit every world near then leave the solar system
Only one of many
All the space in between here and there is cold and much of it is empty
Still come across a nebula or two
A couple of parsecs and we’ve only gone a few
The void we launch into, from Orion’s arm
Starships, galaxy class we’re flying on
Galactic following barely known in the local group
Training all alone near large voids evoking truth
Take it in, let it sober you
As we go out to get a better seat of the overview
An ocean of space engulfing you
...With so many superclusters they’re singular in multitude
Every single one from Leo to Pavo-Indus
I’ve traveled it all from Columba to Ophiucus
...I break jaws with the Great Wall
Of galaxies and filaments that would face all
One existence of distances that you might fear
From end to end that’s over a billion light years
In a sea of universes it’s a bubble in
And this is from a human’s perch at the Hubble length
... At scales like this I find it troubling
How can I describe one branch when there are other limbs?
Fleeing singularities while they’re doubling
Coming out to face a multiverse right in front of him
... Nowhere to hide, the vast smothers him
A Graham's number of gigaparsecs to the upper rim
Hyper realms absent temporal cause
Every unique cosmic set with different physical laws
Plus every species capable of computation
Probably has supercomputer run simulations
...With a population trying to explain it
With its own Dr. Gates and its own language
... Dirty windshields hinder our comprehension
While tracking down great attractors, aiming for ascension
From here, the multiverses look like sheets of paper
In a library of books near the speed of lasers
... Xeno structures that are even greater
Built from every fundamental thing you’d see in nature
... At a hyper glance you wouldn’t even notice
The beauty of the balance damn they should have sent a poet
... The omni, the top of the hierarchy
Where all modes are in play, even the Aum probably
... Cyclical birth, life, and death
Of a whole entire cosmos where your old life’s a speck
... Of probability, swallowed by infinity
Existing longer than all cosmological history

[Outro]
Swallowed by infinity
Existing longer than all cosmological history

[Outro Skit]
In nature, you’re right!
And then perhaps our human affinity for this is a reflection of what nature does
Because nature uses symmetry in enormous numbers of places
For the shape of a flower, a snowflake
Any place where we humans look out and we find something beautiful
If you analyze it long enough you’ll probably figure out that we’re looking at a symmetric image
But then nature turns around and pulls a trick on us because if the world were perfectly symmetrical:
We could not exist
And so nature in the end breaks symmetries
And it turns out that it is by the breaking of those symmetries that
The laws apparently… of nature that allow human beings to exist, occur in the way that they do