[Intro: Interviewer and Michio Kaku]
... from your universe it would look like a black hole
Yes, are we ready to be gods?
Now, ehh, suppose you came upon this equation and unleash it
And give the world the kind of power you're talking about
Godlike... power
Wouldn't you think twice or three times before you said
"Hey! I've got it!"
What is the hallmark of science?
The hallmark of science is that it's reproducible
And in principle ... falsifiable

[Verse 1: Greydon]
There's no going back the hands have been dealt
Life is the only wealth, why stop at managing health
Wait til they find out that man is enhancing himself
That we now have the technology to kill cancerous cells
The Kardashev scale, don't care if you went to Harvard or Yale
If you don't fight for the future, you'll be a part of the sale (they sold the future)
You wanted to grow up so fast when you was a kid
Now you're trying to get back into shape stay youthful and live
What if I proposed a pill that would do what that did
You'd live 900 years like Methuselah's myth
What would you do with it, would you take it and swallow?
Or dismiss the solution and keep the age old problem?
I'd want to live to meet my great grand-kid's children
I'd love to see an exponential growth in my lyrics
Act like if I was immortal, I'd stop being Eddie
But I should be able to choose whether to die when I'm ready

[Interlude: Michio Kaku]
We have baby pictures of the big bang
These baby pictures of the big bang are when the baby universe was about 300,000 years of age
So think of a baby being born, we now have pictures of the universe an hour after birth (an hour)
We want a picture of the big bang as it's emerging the uterus, as it's coming out of the womb (check it)

[Verse 2: Greydon]
I never want to die, I shouldn't have to
I just want to take to space into the vacuum
Give me my own ship, let me explore the cosmos
The complex symphony unknown ensemble
The powers that be try to tell me to stop
But we all hail from a pale blue dot
Whether you like it or not
Use force to escape inertia
And celebrate my emancipation from Terra Firma
We are the source of where gods come from
Welcome, as we prepare to take you to type one
And you know whats more sick, as a war vet
I actually feel pretty honored to stimulate your cortex
So get lost in the vortex, it's the dark tunnel
Approaching the singularity of this dark funnel
And they're right as far as Greydon goes, Sagan got him
While the more gullible fell victim to the Reagan doctrine
Lyrically I want to be this generation's Common
They want us to change the message, we'll just change the octave
The broken logic, and its basic dangers
All this for you to enjoy safe in your stasis chambers

[Outro: Interviewer + Michio Kaku]
Alright, just for the sake ... of this, discussion
Let us assume all of this turns out to be true
How big a step for humanity would that be toward becoming a type I civilization?
Well, this would be an enormous big step with a lot of "ifs" that have to be satisfied, of course
We're talking of inexhaustible forces of energy almost for free
This would be comparable to the unleashing of steam power - about 150 years ago
So it was steam power that revolutionized the last century
So we're talking about a new leap on that scale, if these results pan out
You know, that's interesting because it has always seemed like a race between self-destruction on the one hand
And attaining type one status on the other hand