[Verse 1]
I’m the creepy guy in the trench coat following you
The homeless guy on the side of the freeway bothering you
I tried to signal, but you didn't pay me no mind
Now I call like a bill collector 'til you pay me on time
…. I've got the skill to describe your morphogenetic field
And yet and still go back to the math for a better thrill
We took all of our collective forces and unified it
You read the bible, and that isn't even pseudoscience
You think I’m afraid of Islam like I’m shook nervous?
I’ll torch a Quran with my lyrics fuck a book burning
These blacks accept the religion of the slave master...
But they wouldn't accept it if you were a gay rapper?
Why is it when we want to move forward
We face backwards?
Our community’s sick, religion the main factor
You have such a problem with gays and transsexuals
What if I told you that we were trans-intellectuals?
You’d probably flip, deny that you’re a member
Call for those who think like me, to be dismembered
….something you picked up from a former era
Spreading religious love in the form of terror
Pipe down
Pick up a book right now
Of an opposing view you might find out
...everything ain't you what you thought it was
There are no others everyone’s apart of us

[Hook]
There’s just an illusion of something different
The very reason they keep telling you something’s missing
But whatever it IS you won’t get from one religion
I hate to break it to you, get your coat summer’s ending...
(summer's ending)

There’s just an illusion of something different
The very reason they keep telling you something’s missing
(something's missing)
But whatever it IS you won’t get from one decision
I hate to break it to you, get your coat summer’s ending...
(summer's ending)

[Verse 2]
There’s only so many legal moves
When you've seen the rules
You wonder how they have so many people fooled
I never thought when I was young in class
That I would be scribbling in chalk on the walls of the underpass
Some might ask, how’d it happen? How’d you get there?
Most people thinkin' I’m just yapping when I sit there
And just stare
At traffic rapping just to get their
Half a second of attention span as they spend years
Rentable, to the highest bidder in a bidding war
Disappear from 9-5 then act like I’m invisible
Pitiful, wannabe pimps, players, and centerfolds
In it for the cash and status and yet they miserable
...I’m not homeless I’m just off the grid
Be happy if I was on it I’d be off’n kids
I think the problem is, we ain't being honest
I’d rather live like shit then pay for shadow conflicts
We ain't broke it’s the system that is broken
This->is a modern day plantation and you know it
Manufactured patriotism
Makes asking questions about secretive initiatives
Just as dangerous as seals on a secretive mission
Secret prisons people still in
Even paranoid transients see the villains
Sure I hear voices
Telling me inhale the weed and always peer forward
Wandering this scorched earth
....just looking to score something to eat
Get out of the rain, a blanket, and somewhere to sleep
...wondering if this alley and box is going to pan out
All you see is another grown man with his hand out
...nothing to my name except for some books
While the cops watch everybody except for the crooks
...and the people left on the hook, be like “ho-hum”
Plus they get to pay for it too. This is so dumb
A balancing act with peace as the fulcrum
But what would I actually know?
I’m just some smelly old bum
Dig through old crates feeding on bread crumbs
Just another mother’s broken son who’s head’s gone
........fumbling a basket mumbling some racket
Under that bridge, where a normal man becomes a savage
One man’s peace is another’s madness
You keep the illusion, I’ll just settle for a jacket

[Hook]
There’s just an illusion of something different
The very reason they keep telling you something’s missing
But whatever it IS you won’t get from one religion
I hate to break it to you, get your coat summer’s ending...
(summer's ending)

There’s just an illusion of something different
The very reason they keep telling you something’s missing
(something's missing)
But whatever it IS you won’t get from one decision
I hate to break it to you, get your coat summer’s ending...
(summer's ending)