[RZA Sample]
"Comin' from the west coast, lyricism is...is deep. And when people in the past always sleep as if west coast didn't have lyricism. West coast ALWAYS had lyricsm. Nah mean?!"

[Verse 1]
My words are worse than a nuke, they’re searching for truth
This is the null hypothesis versus the burden of proof that’s lurking
GU surgeon peaking through your curtain
All you see is serpent
The perfect vehicle even though it can ruin purpose
That’s for you to discover
Me? I’m out here making moves with my brothers through music
Work in the booth, rhyme form to verbal judo
Damn the solution. We only like the work that you show
... Just the perks when you flow
And this is just the surface you know
So let us submerge
Who needs a god when you even the odds with education?
No one needs Sharia involved
... To wreck a nation
All you need is trepidation
Correct and face it?
Prepare for the defamation matrix that’ll leave you in awe
On our spaceship and we’re leaving you all, no hesitations
They’re better unheard

[Chorus]
Who’s underground like a mining town?
Terrorizing vowels
Affecting lives by combining sounds
Education is my rhyming style
My theory is sound can be the light that provides the route
Stay on point like a viking house
For untimely bouts
If I’m pitching heat? You striking out!
My team is rife with the nouns
...Tight with the style
Climbing for miles
Our timing is wild

[Verse 2]
Word stew basic permutation
To learn who’s greatest
I’ll show the many-faced god whole new faces
Face it this is one in the same
The feeling you get when you run in the rain, newly escaped
Or come in chains
Luck is strange
IQs in the upper range
That’s why you have to use sativa when you puff the strain with the sifu
Going full pupil so he can teach you
Another medium that she can reach through
Literal syllable intervals kicked with info
In a potential order to send you to the pinnacle
Gorgeous. Can change the color of your auras
But secretly incurring on your borders, peacefully
Random saved hand grenades for tantrum
I relate to answers
While you distracted by the naked dancers
Face the cancer of man
As they often exhaust your stamina
Aiming at your stanza command

[Chorus]
Who’s underground like a mining town?
Terrorizing vowels
Affecting lives by combining sounds
Education is my rhyming style
My theory is sound can be the light that provides the route
Stay on point like a viking house
For untimely bouts
If I’m pitching heat? You striking out!
My team is rife with the nouns
... Tight with the style
Climbing for miles
Our timing is wild