[Verse 1: Pusha T]
With every line written, and all I have given
Music’s been nothing more than a self-made prison
I’ve taken inmate losses at the hands of this one
My pen’s been the poison to family and friendships
Now it’s time to mend shit, time to bring closure to
The clear conscience of Pusha is long overdue
Thinking to myself what can I be owing you?
They only tell you you great when they're reminiscing over you
Before I Trouble T-Roy, it’s just a d-boy
Let me play the role of a Common on his b-boy
Speaking my truth in rhyme, no matter how bland it is
A heavy heart lightened, that’s just what my ransom is
All apologies, I bear the cross, I wear the blame
We in the same group but I don’t share my brother’s pain
Not to confuse, our sentiments are all the same
I just don’t feel nothing, I’m numbed by the will to gain
Same thing brought tears to innocents
I turned away and didn’t even flinch, yuugh!
The music drove me crazy looked up and lost the first bitch
I ever wanted to have my babies
Nowadays she can’t even face me, I’m sorry for the heartbreak
I promised you forever my lady, Jodeci baby
Pompous motherfucker, just look what them jewels made me
I’m only finding comfort in knowing you can’t replace me
What a thing to say, but what am I to do
I’m role-playing a conscious nigga and true is true
Cocaine aside, all of the bloggers behooved
My critics finally have a verse of mine to jerk off to
I own you all

[Verse 2: Malice]
This is where the buck stop, here's where I draw the line
I touch the hem, God's work is so divine
I've seen the error of my ways over time
Never to return, Malicious has been refined
Like wine, with time I get better
Napa Valley vintage, my flow is fermented
Now drink of me, as if I bought the bar
Run to these words, as if there's no tomorrow
Never mind my car, careful what you wish for
Behind every curtain the devil and his pitchfork
Jealousy, I ask thee: What is this for?
How was I to know I was happy being piss-poor?
No, whore, that's not love, we was fucking
I was in search of a chickenhead, you was clucking
And I was lusting, we were both out of order
I should've known better as I'm reminded of my daughter
Am I my brother's keeper or for himself every man?
I have been your reaper, there's blood on my hands
Accept me as your keeper, there's been a change of plans
Careful what you speak of, I've come to understand, preach

[Outro: Pusha T]
What else you want from us, huh?!
What more can you ask?
We've given you everything
We lost life, we lost love
We lost family behind this shit
This shit you call music, we call this shit life
We gave you proof, they ain't give you shit!
We gave you truth
Do I entertain you motherfucka?!
Well dance then bitch!

Til' the casket drop
Til' the casket drop
Til' the casket drop
Til' the casket drop
Til' the casket drop
Til' the casket drop
Til' the casket drop
Til' the lord say stop