[Intro]
Til the Casket Drops!
Third time's the charm right? Hahaha! Come on

[Verse 1: Pusha T]
I'm kinda like a big deal, it's unbelievable
You see my warning gives you big chills
The flow running on BIG's heels
My life after death, BIG ain't get to see how this feels
Third time's the charm, baby
After two classics another stripe up on my arm baby
It's a blessing to blow a hundred thou in a recession
With no second guessin'
Ha-ha, we're ballin', drop tops we're floorin'
Champagne we're pourin', Re-Up is the gang and I'm all in
To the powder and the flame I have fallen
Get money, blow money is my calling
Yeah, watch a nigga burn through it
Life's a maze, you twist and you turn through it
The driest of droughts, maneuvered and I earned through it
I'm set straight like a perm do it, Push

[Hook: Pusha T]
They whispering about us, I know you haters doubt us
How you count our money? We ain't even finished counting
Pardon me, I must say, I'm kinda like a big deal

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Ayo, I'm sitting on top of the, it's more than a feeling, ain't it?
I be killing, damn it, I'm illin', I'm illin', ay-ay-ay-ay
Meet Mr. Popular, go get your binoculars
And see Penthouse 3 where a nigga be
Spitting fire on the PJ in my PJs
Fire Marshall said I took it to the max like TJ
Y'all ain't peep, I said Marshall's, replay
I guess I'm like the black Marshall meets Jay
Meet 'Ye, alligator souffle, got it made
Special Ed got head from a girl in special ed
You know the pretty ones in that dumb class
But she got that dumb ass
Hit high school and got pregnant dumb fast
"What happened, Tisha, your boyfriend come fast?"
Turn around, give me pound like we folks
"Hell no, I went raw-dog, three strokes!"

[Hook: Pusha T]
They whispering about us, I know you haters doubt us
How you count our money? We ain't even finished counting
Pardon me, I must say, I'm kinda like a big deal

[Verse 3: Malice]
Lights, cameras, action!
The chain itself's a damn distraction
You claim the belt, the glory I bask in
I'm B. Hop in the ring, niggas, you cash in, it's like
Stopping a train, nigga think he's stopping my reign
Talk slick while dropping my name?
I'm putting y'all to shame, diamonds in the little hand
50 percent splits, I X out the middleman
A far cry from a stash in the rental van
I'm the reason the hood need a dental plan
Ladies and gentlemen, introducing
The C-4S with the rims protruding
The roof vamoose, like a magic show
Got me looking to the heavens like a javelin throw
Y'all twiddle your thumbs like the average Joe
But just as you reap, so shall you sow

[Hook: Pusha T]
They whispering about us, I know you haters doubt us
How you count our money? We ain't even finished counting
Pardon me, I must say, I'm kinda like a big deal