[Verse 1]
Mal we ont wanna hear what cha spittin bout. Ugh!
Unless it got da ass and the titties out. Ugh
Speak on all them keys hidden in the couch. Ugh!
Metal to the face walk em in the house. Ugh!
I won't ever good at kickin fairytales
Everything I spoke I did it very well
Dont believe you other dudes check is in the mail. Ugh!
Donkey of the Day time to pin the tale. Ugh!
Ever wonder what could really change a man???
Takes more than walking round here with prayin hands
Where was I when the game had a change of plans?
Never seen so many niggas do the same dance
Guess I ain't get the memo
Whatever lift ya skirt no problemo
But we was bout our business, we'd intimidate the witness all the while adding stretch like a limo
Til I heard the horns

[Chorus]
Yall done got too far gone betta act like you can hear horns
I hear the horns!
I'd consider myself warned especially if you can here da horns
I hear da horns!
I'm woke like it's early in the morn seem to me some of y'all still snorin
I hear da horns!
Like the calm before the storm mean to tell me that you don't hear dem horns PLEASE!
I hear da horns

[Verse 2]
Envy said Mal, "you don't miss da money?"
I said nigga is Bermuda sunny?
My brother Push was my only buddy
I wanna join him now but the cross bloody
Cudi I know a cure for depression homes
Look to Word it's written in stone
I love my brothers I would never steer em wrong
They empty inside livin off bread alone
My first mind was to grab the bag
I see why Judas said y'all can have it back
In fact money ain't the root, it's the love of it
How can you ever get the joke if you da butt of it
Hurry escape jail, judge, and jury if they could hang you wit your own jewelry
Cause "The rich mans ransom is his life
The poor man has no worries."

[Chorus]
Yall done got too far gone betta act like you can hear horns
I hear the horns!
I'd consider myself warned especially if you can here da horns
I hear da horns!
I'm woke like it's early in the morn seem to me some of y'all still snorin
I hear da horns!
Like the calm before the storm mean to tell me that you don't hear dem horns PLEASE!
I hear da horns