[Intro]
Yeah!

[Bridge]
You see a nigga soft? - My first instinct is to lean on him! (lean on him...)
A weak nigga eatin' in my hood? Niggas'll put a beam on 'em! (beam on him...)
These niggas ain't s'pposed to be eatin', yo! - They sweet as Sweet'N Low
I'll have 'em like shit was all good just a week ago. ("Lights oooooooon! ")

[Verse 1]
Let these fake niggas get you in the mood for looove
I'm back to get you in the mood for the Snub and gloooves
Dope fiend, morphine, cocaine dilemma;
Crack come to cookin' up that; boy, I'm a chemist!
Fuck pill poppin'; a strap, I pop that!
Watch the Henchman trial, see a rat rat on a rat!
You got a nice gimmick goin', you've been hot a few summers
But I got the kinda flow that'll stop World hunger
SK, I got nothing but energy! (energy!)
Call me Fifty, call me "Ferrari The Remedy"! (Remedy!)
"Hi" again in case a hater don't remember me
I happen to be what these rap niggas here pretend to be
Hittin' you won't be enough, you gotta finish me
Or it's Ruger time, - the SR-9!
Fragments ricochet and ya ass go blind
Times up, ya fucked! - Gotta learn to duck. - Whassup?

[Hook]
Don't make me, - don't make me
Don't make me! - seem so complicated
Don't make me, - don't make me
Don't make me - show you wassup. - Don't make me fuck you up!

[Verse 2]
Listen! Any bitch on the milk box ain't missin'
I mean some of these hoes runnin' round with Pippen
I'm writin' reality, it sounds haaarsh;
Shyne tried to get at me, he say I'm waaashed!
I ain't even fire back, the shit's squuaashed
What kind of shit is that? - This only happens in rap!
These niggas so fake, it make my skin craaawl
Hope I ain't the last real nigga up over the waaall
Ice chunks in the chain, - weight spinnin'
Cream linen. - Bulges from the Benjamin's in 'em!
Tom Ford? - Oh, Looord!
If I ain't know better, I think a nigga push raaaw
It feels like it's never gon' stop
A nigga so hot! - I may spend forever on top!
"Forever ever, ever"? - Forever in the drop
You can't tell I got it on lock? - Bitch!

[Hook]
Don't make me, - don't make me
Don't make me! - seem so complicated
Don't make me, - don't make me
Don't make me - show you wassup. - Don't make me fuck you up!