[Intro: 50 Cent]
Yo!
Bay Area!
You are now rockin'
With Big Von
And 50 Cent

Yo!
Southside. Roll something, smoke something nigga yeah
I fall off then I bounce back
I'm incredible, yeah

[Verse 1: 50 Cent]
6-2 to the O, back to the '62 here we go
It's like every time I get on some niggas try to jam me
I grind, I go hard for my niggas try to jam me
I'm strapped now movin' round with the swammy
Got a baby by your baby mama, nigga we family
Niggas mad at the kid 'cuz I'm caked up
Yeah they want that pinky ring, yeah they want that Jacob
Sleeping Beauty tell me when you gon' wake up
You'll never have me hog-tied
You'll never have me jake'd up
I'm holdin'
Motherfucker I'm strizzapped
I'm rollin with the mizzack
I'll lay your ass flizzat
You wanna talk? Talk to me
You wanna be dead?
It's boom bye-bye to a body boy yeah
I had a dream I was broke, and woke up rich
It used to be the other way around, ain't that some shit?
I had a pistol under my pillow, a pistol next to my kicks
A pistol on my night stand, a pistol next to my bitch
I seen bullets on the couch
I seen bullets by the TV
Woke up feeling like niggas can't see me
Ask Em and Dre they'll tell you now I'm on some different shit
'Cuz i got a different tech, and they got a different clip
Yeah I got money now, every day a different whip
Different bracelet, different trip, shut your fucking lips
Don't be a rat
There's nothing worse than that

[Outro: 50 Cent]
Yeah
It's the return of the heartless monster
I already know what time it is
And you already know what time it is
I'll shake the motherfucking town up
Niggas already said, they said "if 50 can't do numbers, then the numbers can't be done"
Huh?
I should give y'all niggas a whole R&B record
808's and my hearts broken, motherfuckers
I'm just a different breed of nigga, huh?
Niggas is faggots man
I don't like none of these niggas, man
Come around, niggas got them rainbow colors on
Y'all niggas confused?
Niggas from the hood ain't supposed to wear no retro shit
I'mma tell my little niggas to start kicking your fucking ass
See you out there with that funny shit on
'Look him, he's a faggot, kick him, kick his fucking ass'
[Laughs]