[Produced by Trackmasters]

[Intro: The Madd Rapper & 50 Cent]
Yo, yo, yo, yo, you know who this is boy
The art of getting robbed
This is how we do Brooklyn-style, boy, you know what I'm saying?
R.I.P B.I.G - nigga R.I.P P.A.C - R.I.P
Enough of that shit, it's time to O.D, one time

[Verse 1: 50 Cent]
The bottom line is I'm a crook with a deal
If my record don't sell I'mma rob and steal
You better recognize, nigga, I'm straight from the street
These industry niggas is starting to look like something to eat
I'll snatch Kim and tell Puff, ''You want to see her again?
Get your ass down to the nearest ATM''
I have dreams of fucking an R&B bitch
But I wake up early and bounce with all her shit
When I apply pressure, son, it ain't even funny
I'm about to stick Bobby for some of that Whitney money
Brian McKnight, I can get that nigga anytime
Have Keith sweating staring down the barrel on my nine
Since these Harlem World niggas seem to all be fam
I put the gun to Cardan, tell him, "Tell your man"
Mason Betha, haha
Come up off that watch now, I mean right now
The only excuse for being broke is being in jail
An entertainer can't make bail, he broke as hell
I'd rob ODB, but that'd be a waste of time
Probably have to clap him, run and toss the nine
I'd follow Fox in the drop for four blocks
Plotting to jux her for that rock Kurupt copped
What, Jigga just sold like four milli, got something to live for
Don't want a nigga putting four through that Bentley Coupe door
I'll manhandle Case like "Dope, get on the ground
You ain't with Mary no mo', where you getting chips from now?"
I been scheming on Tone and Poke since they found me
Steve know not to wear that platinum shit around me
I'm a klepto, nah for real, son, I'm sick
I'm bout to stick Slick Rick for all that old school shit
Right now I'm bent and when I get like this I don't think
About to make Stevie J take off that tight ass mink
I'll rob Pun without a gun, snatch his piece then run
This nigga weigh 400 pounds, how he gonna catch me, son?

[Hook: The Madd Rapper]
This ain't serious
Being broke can make you delirious
So we rob and steal so our ones can be bigger
50 Cent, how it feel to rob an industry nigga?
This ain't serious
Being broke can make you delirious
So we rob and steal so our ones can be bigger
50 Cent, how it feel to rob an industry nigga?

[Verse 2: 50 Cent]
I'll catch P and Silkk the Shocker right after the Grammys
And Will Smith and Jada ass down in Miami
Run up on Timbaland and Missy with the pound
Like, "You, give me the cash; you, put the hot dog down"
I figured it out, niggas been robbing Joe before
That's why his ass don't wanna be a player no more
My attitude while robbing J.D.? "Fuck you, pay me!"
Had Da Brat with em, should've had his gat with him
DMX wanna get down, well, you tell, homie
I'm on that Treach shit, I do my dirt all by my lonely
I should rob Clue, man, his shit did well
I wanna stick TQ, but his shit ain't sell
I hit the studios, take niggas' jewels and leave
Catch Rae, Ghost, and RZA for them funny ass rings
Tell Sticky give me the cash before I empty three
I'll beat your ass like that white boy on MTV
Canibus wanna battle while I'm sticking him up
Fuck the cab, the coroners picking 'em up
Heavy tried to hide his shit, hey nigga I saw you
He said "Why you robbing me? I got nothing but love for ya"
Caught Juvenile for his Cash Money piece
Told him I want it all, he said, "Even my gold teeth?"
I caught Blackstreet on a back street in a black Jeep
One at a time, get out and take off your shine
Did you ever think that you would be this rich?
Did you ever think that you would have these hits?
Did you ever think that I'd flash the nine?
And walk off with your shit like it's mine?
I'mma keep sticking niggas until I'm living
I'll rob Boyz II Men like I'm Michael Bivins
Catch Tyson for half that cash like Robin Givens
I'm hungry for real, I'm about to stick Mister Cee
That nigga still eating off Big's first LP
I had Busta and the whole Flipmode on the floor
He asked me if I had enough, I told him, "Gimme some more"
Is you feeling this? Then wait for the sequel
I gotta get Kirk Franklin for robbing God's people

[Hook: The Madd Rapper]
This ain't serious
Being broke can make you delirious
So we rob and steal so our ones can be bigger
50 Cent, how it feel to rob an industry nigga?
This ain't serious
Being broke can make you delirious
So we rob and steal so our ones can be bigger
50 Cent, how it feel to rob an industry nigga?

[Outro: The Madd Rapper]
For real, yo, you know what I'm saying?
Niggas got to get stuck up, that's just how it goes down
It don't matter if you an industry nigga or a regular nigga or a bitch
It don't matter if you got it and I need it I want it
You know what I'm saying? That's just how it go down
50 Cent ain't fucking around, Trackmasters ain't fucking around
Crazy Cat ain't fucking around, The Madd Rapper ain't fucking around
You know what I'm saying?
So watch your backs, watch your pocket book, watch your pockets
Watch everybody on the train, watch everybody on the bus
Cause we gonna get you whether you like it or not