Son, you smell that? What's that?
I smell pussy. Is that you Irv?
I smell pussy. Is that you Ja?
I smell pussy - Is that you Black?
I smell pussy. Is that you Tah?
Y'all niggas is pussy
I'm balling out nigga now watch me (watch me)
Ain't nothing you can do to stop me
Y'all niggas get so emotional
You remind me of my bitch...
It's not of my nature to make a commitment, so let me breathe
What she doesn't understand - catch attitudes when I leave her
My other relations just make it harder for me to accept her as my own
She tries to tie up my phone and
I'm not at home; she's thinking I'm not alone
Probably out tryin' to bone anything in the street
I let her know she can leave I ain't tryin' to tie her up but see
It's hard to fuck with somebody after she touches me
Mami, I'm not your regular nigga; I know the game
But I don't play by the rules; I'm focusing on my moves
That way I will never lose
See, I can tell by your shoes if you attracted to Bentleys with 22s
You say I confuse you play little tricks with your head
Catching feelings ever since the first time I slept in your bed, hun
I'm not here to tease you, mislead you, or sell you dreams
I can't say I love you I don't know what that means
I'm a pimp

Baby you know I like when you climb on top
Love muscle feel tighter than a headlock
And you know I love the way you make the bed rock
Take me to ecstasy with out takin' ecstasy
Baby you know I like when you climb on top
Love muscle feel tighter than a headlock
And you know I love the way you make the bed rock
Take me to ecstasy with out takin' ecstasy

When I first met her, I did anything to get her
Paid all her bills and filled her refrigerator
Reminiscing on late nights when I tried to lay up
But couldn't get off, cause your baby would stay up
She even crashed the whip, tryin' to switch in the third lane
That's when I realized, this bitch was a bird brain
A pigeon writing her baby pops in the box in prison
Sing-Sing is where he been in
She in the Gucci tights and Fendi high heels
Baby wipes and cans of Enfamil
Motorbikes and grams of fishscale
So 9-to-5 niggas was no frills
Turning young niggas with principles to old men with debts
And all the prank calls was death threats
That bitch got the best sex - all across the globe
And the bitch head game was out of control


I wonder when I'm gone if you miss me
Or do you miss that Don Perignon and that Christy
I'm fuckin with you
I'm feeling your shape; I'm feeling your eyes
Later on, I'm feeling your ass and feeling your thighs
Sweetheart, you book smart and street smart
I knew you was my type from the very, very start
I'm in to tongue kissing; foreplay all day
Momma ain't home, so the noise is okay
ODB - you know we like it the raw way
Latex; safe sex; no hickeys on the neck
Now you're learning
The lords blesses make me wiser as the world's turning
My tongue touch the right spot; I'll have your toes curling
Whether we just kicking it or we sexing
I'm a pro, baby girl; I spit game to perfection
So when niggas make mistakes, I correct 'em and
When niggas get out of line, I check them man