[INTRO]
Yeah
This is gonna hurt you this time
Gon’ see if y’all niggas can survive to second round
You said what?!
It’s over boy!
It’s like a Murder Inc clearance sale…

[Chorus]
Ask about me
They’ll tell you I’m an animal, an animal
You touch one of mines I’ll react like an animal, an animal
They say I have no conscience
I’ll kill if I have to, y’all
They say I’m an animal
Sometimes a nigga cross the line and he got to go
Move on him like an animal

Nigga don't talk to me if you ain't in my bracket
100 mil, that's 60 after taxes
I was a little dirty nigga flipping my mattress
Sneakers fuck up til I started pumping packs, kid
Beefin' with the older niggas getting my ass kicked
Bought a little .380 I stopped all that shit
Back on that bullshit you know I’ve been on
Riding with the same 9 Tre used to kill Bon
Niggas dead serious, niggas though we was playin
Picture me laughing in the crib after Tre shot Wayne
Southside ain't southside without the team
Niggas starving I feed em they'll ride for me
When feds come, nigga shit gets funky
Irv love Preme he fittin' to be his bunkee
In a park full of kids, I pop of the mack
They see the flare from the nozzle and scatter like rats
I know the police is listening, this is for the D's
Me and Star was cool & I ain't hit Cheese
Signed a deal and made a mil before Bags got shot
Made 20 more 'fore Tah-Tah got knocked
Man this rap shit is me B, I got this locked
Treat it just like the block workout non-stop
I dazzle with the footwork, maneuver with the heat
Think boy or get your brains left in the street
Yeah the Stick-up Kids say it’s out the tax
But I get your shines back for you homie, relax
I send my little shooters right at 'em with Gats
Hit 'em so hard they gonna send that back
You know I know who ran up in your crib
The first thing they do is holla at the kid
They say 50 fucked with us man, we poor need work
They need niggas like us to do their dirt

[Chorus]
Ask about me
They’ll tell you I’m an animal, an animal
You touch one of mines I’ll react like an animal, an animal
They say I have no conscience I’ll kill if I have to, y’all
They say I’m an animal
Sometimes a nigga cross the line and he got to go
Move on him like an animal

[OUTRO]
Yeah
Nigga what?!
Get a good look nigga!
See the flash of my diamonds and shit nigga!
Hahaha
Ridin back since this shit cost more than yo momma house
You’re fucking playing with me nigga?
I came up hard nigga!
You already know what I’m about!
What?! Hahaha…
Aye
Aye tell Preme
That if he send me a written apology
We can squash this shit
Naaww nigga…we ain’t squashing this shit