(50 Cent)
Yeah, it?s 50. Uh huh, Scrappy. It?s the Unit
Ahh nigga what you don?t know, is I ride around with the 44
Got a lil brown tryin to get some more, who you tryin' to front? I'll let the whistles blow, the whistles blow?

Chorus:
I represent Atlanta, I?m a A-Town rider, I?ll lay a nigga down, (ahh nigga what?s up)
I ain?t aimin at your legs, I?ma put it to your head, until your brains on the ground (ahh nigga what?s up)
Nigga Trix are for kids niggas out here catchin biz he's got his dick playin around (ahh nigga what?s up)
Shawty gon? keep talking and we talking I?ma put that fuckin gun on your mouth (ahh nigga what?s up)

It's the prince of the south, back up in me
With the tool in my pocket and the A-town fitted
If you don?t get love from the A, then you ain?t winnin
I'm on the ?, butt naked hoes and big boy pimpin
In the A, all the niggas they think I be trippin
Cuz I walk with my gun out, prepare for the lickin
The young boys stay crunk, them rims be spinnin
Niggas will jack you for your car, I don?t care what you whippin
But I?m gonna tell you like this, I don?t play no games
I was built for this shit and I can take the pain
Through my whole life course I?ve been off the chain
And niggas knew I been broke way before the fame
I been havin ? thoughts of ? a nigga
Ooo I wish a nigga would, I don?t take that shit
If a lot of talkers are less, walkers that?s rich
My momma taught me to hit every nigga that act like a bitch

Chorus:
I represent Atlanta, I?m a A-Town rider, I?ll lay a nigga down, (ahh nigga what?s up)
I ain?t aimin at your legs, I?ma put it to your head, leave your brains on the ground (ahh nigga what?s up)
Nigga ?? kids niggas out here catchin biz I?m the dick playin around (ahh nigga what?s up)
Shawty gon? keep talking and we talking I?ma put that fuckin gun in your mouth (ahh nigga what?s up)

Yeah there?s no place like home, there?s no place like home?

See these streets pay me, I?m a ? baby
Who better like ?, I don?t care if they like me
If I am A, around my way, I?ma rep the A all god damn day
It?s Atlanta GA, so watch what you say, that?s where I stay, I be on Cascade
The choppers spray, get hit with the K, from a block away, fuckin with me
Zone three is the place to be, where the young niggas will get you got for free
You don?t see a crack head getting crunk on tv, and if you don?t believe me, then why don?t you come see? A

Chorus:
I represent Atlanta, I?m a A-Town rider, I?ll lay a nigga down, (ahh nigga what?s up)
I ain?t aimin at your legs, I?ma put it to your head, leave your brains on the ground (ahh nigga what?s up)
Nigga ?? kids niggas out here catchin biz I?m the dick playin around (ahh nigga what?s up)
Shawty gon? keep talking and we talking I?ma put that fuckin gun in your mouth (ahh nigga what?s up)