[Intro: P.Diddy]
Ten years

[Verse 1: P. Diddy]
Yo, the sun don't shine forever
But as long as it's here then we might as well shine together
Better now than never, business before pleasure
P. Diddy and the Fam, who you know do it better?
Yeah right, no matter what, we air tight
And when you hear something make sure you hear it right
Don't make an ass outta yourself by assuming
My music keeps you moving, what are you proving?
You know that I'm two levels above you, baby
Hug me, baby, I'mma make you love me, baby

[Interlude: P.Diddy]
It's ten years and we still running this motherfucker
Yeah, as we proceed to give you what you need
It's all fucked up now
What the fuck y'all gonna do now?

[Verse 1: 50 Cent]
Yo, yo, we can't stay alive forever
So if shit hit the fan then we might as well die together
I'm high as ever, more hoes and more cheddar
G-Unit move around with them pounds and berretas
Yeah faggot, if I want it I'm gon' have it
Regardless if it's handed to me or I gotta grab it
Don't make a ass outta yourself tryna stop me
I'm cocky, rap's "Rocky", nigga you sloppy
You know that I'm eight levels above you nigga
I'll plug you nigga, I never heard of you nigga, ugly nigga
I'm the wrong one to provoke
And rattin' on niggas is only gon' leave you smoked
So the only thing left now is toast for these cowards
I got no friends, fuck most of these cowards
They pop shit 'til we start approachin these cowards
While we lay around dollars, they lay around flowers

[Verse 3: Notorious B.I.G.]
In the Comission, you ask for permission to hit 'em
He don't like me, hit him while wifey was with him
You heard of us, the murderous, most shady
Been on the low lately, the feds hate me
The son of Satan, they say my killing's too blatant
You hesitatin, I'm in your mama crib waitin
Duct tapin, your fam destiny
Lays in my hands, gat lays in my waist
Francis, M to the iz-H phenominal
Gun rest under your vest by the abdominal
Rhyme a few bars so I can buy a few cars
And I kick a few flows so I can pimp a few hoes
Excellence is my presence, never tense
Never hesitant, leave a nigga bent real quick
Real sick, brawl nights, I perform like Mike
Anyone - Tyson, Jordan, Jackson
Action, pack guns, ridiculous
And I'm quick to bust, if my ends you touch
Kids or girl you touch , in this world I clutch
Two auto-matoes, used to call me fatso
Now you call me Castro, my rap flows
Militant, y'all faggots ain't killin shit
Oops Cristal keep spillin shit, you overdid it homes
You in the danger zone, you shouldn't be alone
Hold hands and say it like me
The most shady , Frankie baby , fantastic
Graphic, tryin to make dough, like "Jurassic"
"Park" did, quick to spark kids who start shit
See me, only me
The Underboss of this holocaust
Truly yours, Frank White

[Hook: Busta Rhymes]
We got the real live shit from front to back
To my people in the world, where the fuck you at?
Where my niggas is at?
Where my niggas is at?
Where the fuck my bitches at?
Where my bitches is at?

[Verse 4: P. Diddy]
Aiyyo, it can't stay dark for long
They say its darkest before the dawn
Calms before the storm
I'm happy Mason Betha's now preachin the Psalms
And I can see B.I. rockin the Sean John
Yeah right, this is what "Life's After's" like
B.I. Frank White, your "Bad Boy For Life"
No matter what the public say we gon' prove
It ain't another MC that could fill ya shoes
Cause Biggie Smalls is the illest
Realest my stones the chillest, got homes and villas
Overseas and what was me, I found out
Other MC's been tryin to find ya route
It's ill when MC's used to be on other shit
Took home "Life after Death" and they studied it
Listened to the double disc
Now they all spit, like they all legit
Frank tell how we did it, go

[Verse 5: Notorious B.I.G.]
We got the shit, Mac tight, brass knuckles and flashlights
The heaters in the two-seaters, with two midas
Senoritas, kiss rings when you meet us
P. Diddy run the city, show no pity
I'm the witty one, Frank's the crook from the Brook'
Matty broke the neck of your coke connect
No respect squeeze off 'til all y'all diminish
Shootouts for twenty minutes, until we finish
Venice took the loot, escaped, in the Coupe
Break bread, with the 'Kiss, Peniro, Sheek Louch
Black Rob joined the Mob, it ain't no replacin him
Niggas step up, with just Mase and 'em
Placin them in funerals, criminals turned aroused
The Brick City, nobody come off like P. Diddy
Business wise, I play men
Hide money on the Island Cayman , y'all just betray men
You screamin, I position, competition
Another day in the life of the Comission


[Verse 6: Lloyd Banks]
I got a industry gangstress that argues and steams the reefer
And flip when I call her bitch like she Queen Latifah
Now all the vehicles is long enough to stash the streetsweeper
This shit gon' get uglier than the Master P sneaker
I'm slidin through the Ruckers, with Prada on the Chuckers
So the spring break hoes, home from college wanna fuck us
I ain't here to drop knowledge on you suckers
I'll sick rottweiler's on you fuckers , cops followin to cuff us
Top dollars to discuss this, whole lotta zeros
When it comes to paper I blow the soul outta hero
I'mma break 'fore I lay on the floor buried
Besides, every rapper ain't a star, and every plaid ain't Burberry
You can't tame Lloyd, I'm smokin by the big screen
And changin the channel looks like I'm playin the game boy
I know the watch botherin ya vision
But reach and I'll put a dot on ya head like it's part of ya religion

[Hook]

[P. Diddy - talking over Hook]
Yeah
Where you at?
Where you at?
Where you at?
Where you at?
I told y'all, ten years from now we'll still be on top
We've just begun
Thank you ... thank you
B.I.G. forever
Bad Boy baby
You know the rest

[Busta Rhymes]
Fuck y'all niggas wanna do?