[Verse 1]
It ain't good to do good in front of niggas in the hood, right?
It ain't good to do good in front of niggas in the hood, right?
Everybody know that
Doing good in front of niggas in the hood cause problems
Treys, trey pounds, and four-fours solve em (you ain't lying!)
I hate when hoes get on some loudmouth shit
Your man gangster? Me too -- go on, get him, bitch!
I just bought a new toast to spit
Next nigga getting gully getting laid out quick
Wherever ribs is touching, niggas is getting hurt
Cause a broke nigga always down to put in work
Don't run up on me -- I don't know you, nigga
So what you bought my CD? I don't owe you, nigga
I know you love the way the Audi's beat bumps
Got your license plate rattling all over your trunk
I confuse these chumps with my style, dog
I'm from Queens, but I'm motherfucking B.K. hard
I sound like I move bricks Uptown
But like a thug from the Bronx, I stay with the four pound
Shook nigga -- I'm a Guinness Book nigga

[Hook]
We don't play that pussy shit round here
You can get your fucking wig split down here
Don't go repping where you come from too much around here
You can get your fucking cap peeled -- Queens, nigga!

We don't play that pussy shit round here
You can get your fucking wig split down here
Don't go repping where you come from too much around here
You can get your fucking cap peeled -- Brooklyn!

[Verse 2]
If I can't get my gun in the club, why would I come in the club?
So niggas I done stuck up could cut me the fuck up?
Nah, I'm outside to jump off when they finished, G
Four deep, strapped with all kinds of heat
Niggas think they want beef; they don't want beef
They find out when somebody they love laying in the street
When you rap, you keep it gangsta, dog -- it's all good
But don't go popping that shit in my old hood
Where I'm from, a young boy'll come and try you, nigga
Shells'll have you feeling like you on fire, nigga
If you thinking we thirsty, cuz, you right
We looking at your watch and chain like that's a S-type
Promoters saying, "Don't play 50 in the club
Last time he came on, niggas tore shit up"
What! I don't know where you from and I don't care
But, nigga, we don't play that pussy shit around here

[Hook]
We don't play that pussy shit round here
You can get your fucking wig split down here
Don't go repping where you come from too much around here
You can get your fucking cap peeled -- Harlem, nigga!

We don't play that pussy shit round here
You can get your fucking wig split down here
Don't go repping where you come from too much around here
You can get your fucking cap peeled -- BX!

[Verse 3]
The only Spanish I know is, "Go on your guita la boca, puta"
"No inglés, no inglés", motherfuckers'll shoot ya
The Latin Kings don't like me, I don't care
We don't talk that "Mira, mira" bullshit around here
Man, I done did so much dirt in the hood
Niggas heard I got shot, they was all saying, "Good!"
Fuck y'all, y'all ain't got to like me
I get knocked, y'all niggas ain't got to write me
I'm on the same bullshit I been on
It's the same bullshit y'all niggas need to get on
Y'all shit sound too commercial
Come cruising through the hood, motherfuckers'll hurt you
You should know where and where not to flash jewels
Cause nigga's run up on y'all fools and flash tools
They want the money, the watch, and your tennis shoes
I ain't gotta tell you not to move -- you know the rules

[Hook]
We don't play that pussy shit round here
You can get your fucking wig split down here
Don't go repping where you come from too much around here
You can get your fucking cap peeled -- Staten Island!