[Intro]
Yeah, I'm fuckin' with this
It's that classic shit, that gangsta shit, yeah

[Chorus]
Man I watched the sun go up but come down - sayin' what if?
Man I watched the tide roll in and roll out - sayin' what if?
Homie I play the block tryin' to get my packs off - sayin' what if?
Man if I get a shot, I could make it to the top - damn what if?

[Verse 1]
If I got on some pretty boy shit like Puffy
Niggas in the hood, man they just wouldn't love me
If I wore a suit every day like Jay-Z
Niggas would think I bump my fuckin' head and went crazy
If I put diamonds in my teeth like Baby
I wouldn't stand a chance of tryin' to sell like Shady
If I put out bullshit joints like AZ
Every chance niggas get, they'd try and play me
But I move around with a little .380
A nigga try to stunt, a nigga get sprayed B
If I smoked weed all day like Snoop do
I'd see the world different through my dilated pupils
If I bust dance moves on you like Usher
Niggas'll say "50 that ain't gangsta, fuck ya"
Man I'ma just keep doin' what I do
Cause niggas can't do me, better than I do, ha ha

[Chorus]
Man I watched the sun go up but come down - sayin' what if?
Man I watched the tide roll in and roll out - sayin' what if?
Homie I play the block tryin' to get my packs off - sayin' what if?
Man if I get a shot, I could make it to the top - damn what if?

[Verse 2]
What if I had blockbuster flicks like Will Smith?
And all the backpack niggas loved me like Mos Def
I'd probably be a cool-ass nigga like Ice Cube
Picture me in this flick right now lookin' so cool
What if I was a low-key nigga, just laid back?
Hustle to keep a homie 'round, somebody to hold the gat
Man what if Halle Berry was my next baby moms?
Shit I'd give that child support up with no problems
If I caught a case and jumped bail I'd get caught
Cause I'm that nigga everybody know from New York
But if I was the new rap nigga you didn't know
You'd be sayin' "Damn that kid got a sick flow"
What if I just cruised through your hood on 22's
Bumpin' Curtis Mayfield or Marvin, somethin' smooth
And if I let the top down on the Azure
Yeah that'd make you sick to your stomach I'm sure, ha ha

[Chorus]
Man I watched the sun go up but come down - sayin' what if?
Man I watched the tide roll in and roll out - sayin' what if?
Homey I play the block tryin' to get my packs off - sayin' what if?
Man if I get a shot, I could make it to the top - damn what if?