(Spoken)
Amen, Amen. As we gather today in memory of Chris Johnson, I ask that you remain standing for the reading of the Word of God

2 Corinthians Chapter 1 verses 3 and 4 begins, "blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ. The Father of mercies and God of all comfort, who comforts us in all of our affliction. So that we may be able to comfort those who are in any affliction, with which the comfort we ourselves, are comforted by God."

Now at this time we have someone from the family who will give words of condolences. Thank God for you young man. Yes, go right ahead

I can't believe that he gone
When he left he took apart of me
Forgive me, It's so hard to speak
See we went from the days of playing hide and seek
To being faced with the day I had to watch him leave
And though memories fade his face is on my arm
So he'll live on after the grave
Ya'll remember him for acting thug
I see highwaters, loafers and a Jackson glove
We were so young
Nothing could get us apart
Not even death
He'll always live in my heart
And Auntie, you know there was nothing that I wouldn't have did for him
I was willing to die for him
Now I want to live for him
With every breath that I'm breathing tonight
If you hear me, I promise your death will lead me to life
It's time for a change start living it right
I'm ready to make a decision for Christ/
I want to give Him my life

Thank – You – Lord
I've been running away from you too long
But I'm coming, I hear you calling me, saying come back home
Spoken Amen Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus Christ, that even in the midst of such an untimely tragedy, the glory of God is revealed in this young man giving his life to Christ. And right now we have a special request from the family - that a young man share his heart. Receive at this time Marcus Gray

My heart goes out to the family first of all
Ya'll need help don't hesitate to call
I'll be right here
If it's just for a prayer to God or just to talk I'm right here even just to wipe tears
But what I wanna say
There's gonna come a day
For each person to die and then to face God
None of us know when it's our time to go
So while we all still alive/Just repent and embrace God
Not these lie's these guys telling all on the block
The same lies in disguise that's got this man shot
It's hard ya'll when we at this type of funeral
Cause usually the eulogy is where we talk nice
And when we leave you sell weed and chop bricks
And turn tricks until something like this, flip on the lights
Guess what I'm saying it's the same old song
He loves you so much so come - back - home

(Spoken)
Now according to our text in 2 Corinthians Chapter 1 - we have the promise of God that He is a comforter in not just some, but all of our afflictions. Yes, and those of us who have experienced the abundant comfort through our relationship with Christ, are equip by the grace of God to assist in comforting this family. And, yes, church we want to wrap our arms around them and serve them at this time of bereavement. Not just in word, but indeed also

Now as I look over all of these young faces in this Sanctuary. There is no doubt you have been touched by the life of this young man and gripped by his death. Yes, we are forced to hold our attention at death today - though in our generation, life, pleasures, pursuits, having big things and living big dreams are more appealing topics of conversation and thought. But today, we face with one undisputed absolute truth of our own mortality. But in 2 Corinthians Chapter 1 verse 9, God gives us two reasons for us to face death and our powerlessness against it. Number 1, that we should not trust in ourselves. And number 2, that we should trust in God who raises the dead

Now understand, we are not victims of death, but death according to James is the result of our sin and rebellion against God. But we are not left without hope - for God sent His Son Jesus Christ who took up all our sins and died on the cross. And according to Hebrews defeated death through His resurrection for all who would believe. Chris Johnson has not died in vain. There are some in this room, who through the glory of Christ, this day will be redeemed

Thank – You – Lord
I've been running away from you too long
But I'm coming, I hear you calling me, saying come back home
(You ought to come back home, you ought to come back)