[Intro]
They ain't ready man, I don't think they ready
Let em go – they ain't ready man, I don't think they ready (X6)
STOP! Ya'll ain't really ready

[Hook]
Go buck with the angels, Buck with the angels (X7)
STOP!
GO!

[Verse 1]
You're new to the faith and truly that's great
Cause that's enough to make the angels in Heaven celebrate
And now a party over one shorty that truly escape
The Wrath of Father cause Abba has now given them grace
There is joy in the Heaven's when a sinner repents
Way over 99 who's already convinced
So when you see us and you thinking we ain't got no sense
It's definitely due to the fact that we've been given a gift
See we're ignited like a volcano blast
And we're having the same party that the angels are having
In the Heavens all in the presence of the anchor we have
Now that's peace no longer beef
No longer angering Dad
So when you see us get buck with our hands in the sky
And you see us go dumb without us getting' high
It's cause the Father sent the Son and now where running to die cause we never STOP!
Yup! Here we go again!

[Hook]
Go buck with the angels, Buck with the angels (X7)
STOP!
GO!

[Verse 2]
Forget the popular topic of club hopping
Forget the topic of bottle the bubb popping
We keep it rocking for God cause we love doctrine
We keep it hopping ain't stopping like subs knocking
We spaz out when they're truly convinced
Of the truth that our Jesus has forgiven they sins
How He takes us and shapes and makes sharp as a crease
How He's got us under arrest like they called the police (Listen)
We're real excited and acknowledge you came
Into the knowledge of our Savior who is reigning as King
And now He's changing things inside of you and making it plain
That you were stained one of the one's who was making it rain
But now you're free as a bird and you're ready to fly
Counted the cost and recognizing that it is high
Carry your cross knowing that you're ready to die
So count 1...2...3...4

[Hook]
Go buck with the angels, Buck with the angels (X7)
STOP!
Let me stop playing with ya'll
GO!

[Verse 3]
This the type of feeling that I can't explain
All I really know is that I'm glad He came
Lived a perfect life then He died for FLAME
And everyone else putting trust in His name
Since the beginning men have been in the bind
Scripture renders us ignorant and considers us blind
So when the Unregenerate is giving His eyes
There's a party before God for the naughtiest guys
So when we stand to our feet and we're pounding the earth
Stomping the ground it's going down in the church
Cause He rose from the grave and left death in the dirt
And when He ascended He sent the Holy Spirit to work
When we see genuine repentance then we go berserk
It's real sweet like dessert
Him removing the curse
How He digs in the heart starts ruling the turf
He'll never STOP!

[Hook]
Go buck with the angels, Buck with the angels (X7)
STOP!
1..2..3..4
Go buck with the angels, Buck with the angels (X7)
Ya'll ain't really ready
GO!