(Intro: Flame)                                                                                                       I pray the Lord Maranatha (x4)

Have you forgotten, have you forgotten me?
I pray the Lord Maranatha (x4)

Have you forgotten, have you forgotten me?
Lord have you forgotten please remember me
Oh Lord Maranatha, Oh Lord Maranatha (x2)

Lord Maranatha
I pray the Lord Maranatha (x2)
(Verse 1: Flame)
Is this the hand that I’m dealt?
Is this supposed to be the royal flush?
Is this supposed to be the highest hand?
Well I can’t tell because I am getting crushed (getting crushed)
Who am I, (who am I) who am I
Call it all into question my depression believe in a slew of lies
Lord why?
Feel like I am being crucified
So much pain so many scars
Plus the poison that’s in my soul
How long oh Lord? How long oh Lord?
Why did you give me this life?
Why am I tied to these chains?
Why did you give me these circumstances you know the doctor can’t change?
Will you fix me, heal me, eradicate
So filthy help me advocate
Equip me help me navigate
Come quickly please emancipate
It ain’t adding up I can’t calculate
How much longer do we have to wait?
I want to believe in having faith but I know I need to recalibrate

Have you forgotten, have you forgotten me?
Lord have you forgotten please remember me
Oh Lord Maranatha, Oh Lord Maranatha (x2)

Lord Maranatha
I pray the Lord Maranatha (x3)
(Verse 2: Flame)
I try to shake the way that I feel (I feel)
Emotions all out of whack (so true)
Try to keep myself together (can’t do it)
Can’t afford to turn back
Oh Lord I know you hearing my cry (You do)
I know you seeing me in agony (You do)
The future ain’t looking bright nah and I’m terrified of what’s in the back of me
And I am trying to understand that my circumstance is working something in me (inside)
But why this?
Got me wondering what this something can be Oh Lord
Is it something I did?
Is it something I said?
Punishment for my sin? I thought that price had been paid? My God!
But I trust you because you’ll never fail
What I must do is trust that you will prevail
Although it’s tough to trust you when it feels
Like this stuff to crush you will it heal?
Is it just too much to move the scales?
For my eyes so I can tell
That your love is still with me and you ain’t forget me and set for sail. My God

Have you forgotten, have you forgotten me?
Lord have you forgotten please remember me
Oh Lord Maranatha, Oh Lord Maranatha (x2)

I pray the Lord Maranatha (x8)