[Verse 1]
How good is good enough, huh?
Do I work hard enough, huh?
Do You see my sacrifices?
Are You satisfied where my life is?
Yeah, I wonder does it count every time I do some wrong?
Does it empty my account?
See, Lord, I'm trying hard to be so perfect
But the One that I keep hurting
Is the One that lifts my burdens
How you think that make me feel?
I'm so conscious of this guilt
Like I'm trapped inside a trip
It's like I wanna walk away
But ain't no better place to go
So I know I gotta stay
But I feel unworthy though

[Hook]
Sometimes I feel I'm not good enough for You
Even when I do everything right
Sometimes I feel I'm not good enough for You

[Verse 2]
Will You look down on me, huh?
Do You smile on me, huh?
Are You proud of me, huh?
Or will You take Your crown from me huh?
How You think that make me feel?
When Your standards are so high
And You left me in this world
See, Lord, I'm trying hard to be so perfect
But the One that I keep hurting is the One that lifts my burdens
Feel like I'm giving all I got but it's still a longshot
See the distance from the top got me twisted in a knot, man
It's so confusing, no resolution, feel like I'm losing

[Hook]
Sometimes I feel I'm not good enough for You
Even when I do everything right
Sometimes I feel I'm not good enough for You

[Verse 3]
I know He came to this world to make a way for people like me
I know He said to put faith in Him
'Cause perfect I'm never going to be
That's the reason He came down
I don't have to try on my own
Just trust in Him with my everything
And He'll take and make it His own
Because You showed me Your love in the realest way
You're so faithful even when I'm weak and fake
Help me, God
I know it's true He removes all my condemnation
And it's You who came to take my guilt away
Yes, it's true true true

[Outro]
Sometimes I feel I'm not good enough for You
Sometimes I still feel
Sometimes I feel I'm not good enough for You
Sometimes it's like
Sometimes I feel I'm not good enough for You
Good enough or wise enough or faithful enough
Or grateful enough come on patient enough
Loving enough, I know, bold enough it's true
Righteous enough, I still, gracious enough
Committed enough consistent enough
Holy enough for you sometimes I think I'm not good enough
Good enough wise enough faithful enough
Sometimes I think I'm not good enough good enough
Holy enough for You, for You