[Verse 1]
If you were dyin' of thirst and I offered you some water to drink
How hard would you think before you fought to grab my glass? (you wouldn't think)
But if I told you your sin stinks
But said you could still drink my water if you turn from your past (then you'll think)
And look to the present and look to the Father through Jesus Christ
Would you still want a sip of my water? (ask yourself)
Or would you die and dehydrate
Because of your mind state, don't wanna just leave your sins on the altar
Listen, I found that cats do wanna be saved
But we wanna be saved from our consequences (see that's what we want, man)
'Cause we play in our sin, 'cause we stay in our sin
So I pray how can I convince this (what can I say, Lord?)
Generation of men, generation of women
That we sinners in need of a transplant?
In the heart I mean, 'cause it's dark, Hakeem
Nah mean, would you please understand that

[Chorus]
We preach Christ, Jesus Christ
In his fullness, dawg
In his fury and endless love
Seek him now you can know him as Savior
Seek him later you'll know him as Judge
We preach Christ
In his fullness, dawg
In his fury and endless love
Seek him now you can know him as Savior
Seek him later you'll know him as Judge

[Verse 2]
If you were starvin' to death and I came to your house with a meal
How long would you chill before you fought to grab my food? (not long)
But if I told you your sin stinks
But said you could still eat my meat if you turn to his truths (question)
Or would you starve and die?
Would you crawl and cry 'cause you really love cars and shoes? (think about that, man)
Or would you kill your pride and then spill to God
"My sin nature's got me singin' the blues"
Listen, I know young dudes who hate to live
I know girls who know where their rapists live (now that's pressure)
And they hate this life and won't take to Christ
So they keep tryna escape with pills
This is real, that's why I preach with passion
'Cause my cousins Nick, Dennis, and Galisha is askin' (what they askin' man?)
"Am I weak if I don't run the streets and look neat in my sneaks and expensive fashion?"

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
If you were born in sin and the Father sent his beloved Son
Would you surrender to him or would you stay on the run? (we're born sinners)
Or would you stick with your block, listenin' to the rock
Speak slop just to chief with your duns
Listen, your whole life is like a walkin' abortion
You ain't even had a chance to live (you ain't even had a chance to live)
I got fam man Thi'sl and Json
If not me listen to my mans and them (man, listen to my mans and them)
We certified teachin' people who ain't scared of God
Call us evangelists (call us evangelists, man)
Until we die preachin' that Jesus is God
Please listen to our stanzas kid, yo …

[Chorus]