[Hook]
Who can pluck us out His hands?
Not even a professional plucker
Who plucks for life to pluck the unpluckable
Rooted and grounded, doctrinally sound when
Checking my options it’s obvious that God wins
Who can pluck us out His hands?
Not even a professional plucker
Who plucks for life to pluck the unpluckable
Rooted and grounded, doctrinally sound when
Checking my options it’s obvious that God wins

[Verse 1]
See what I’m about to mention some consider secondary
But never weary guarantee it’s very necessary
When Jesus hit the wood and shed His blood on the tree
He did something good He was atoning for me
And all believers we see Peter would call the elect
And even Jesus said that His sheep could never be snatched
Out of His hands nor the Father cause He’s greater than
All and they're one like a married woman and man
So listen up (listen up) I’m bout to make it plain
So you can hear me clearly and sincerely what I’m saying
Through Jesus' sacrifice the Father was satisfied (run it back)
Through Jesus' sacrifice the Father was satisfied (one more time)
Through Jesus' sacrifice the Father was satisfied
Now He gives assurance to all those for whom He died
Now you wonder why would I say something like that
I’ll be right back, I’ll be – I’ll be right back

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
I’m trying to tell you something you probably never heard
And if you have you probably perceive them as dirty words
Words like election and predestination
Can get you stoned and thrown out of a congregation
But there in the bible we gotta talk – talk about it (run it back)
But there in the bible we gotta talk – talk about it (one more time)
But there in the bible we gotta talk – talk about it
We can still love each other and share our thoughts about it
When Jesus died He drank the full cup of God’s Wrath
When He was crucified it was on our behalf
For all those the Father chose in eternity past
To be redeemed that simply means to be bought back
So when Christ expired the debt and the price was paid
For particular people on that night to be saved
Now you wonder why would I say something like that?
I’ll be right back, I’ll be – I’ll be right back

[Hook]

[Spoken]
Do you enjoy fellowship with God?
Or are you sensitive to sin?
Do you obey God’s Word?
Do you reject the evil world?
Do you eagerly await Christ’s return?
Do you see a decrease pattern of sin in your life?
Do you love other Christians?
Do you experience answered prayer?
Do you discern between truth and error?
Do you have the witness of the spirit?
Are you rejected or persecuted for your faith?
Just a lil' taste for your salvation man
Read the whole book of 1 John
Jesus Christ – Holla!

[Verse 3]
Some people are truly tricked cause Satan’s got ‘em convinced
That they are saved when everyday they straddle the fence
But yet that’s nonsense for them I’m truly afraid
But those who mature can be assured that they’re truly saved
The Son who preexisted took on human flesh
Fulfilled the Father’s commission, lived a perfect life
Took the wrath of God, spoke to the Father and said
That it was finished – I’m done!

[Hook]