Verse 1 (Andre Nickatina)

My raps are like a cell phone rate
Cause they keep ringin all across the state
Hit the barbque party make a handsome plate
I give u hell untill i make it to the pealy date
Feel pretty, king nicky do it for the city
The spot got hot when they shut of the semi
Game is late with a straight poker face
My recipies cats all wourlin to taste
But wait its the chef the new hockey ref
Cuz im a cold rap cat till my very last breathe, yes
I crash cars with the melokie brothers
My horoscope told me there is no other
I rap everyday like a christmas gift
I stay hot at the head if the g's dont flip, but trip
Crushed velvet i tackle no helmet (wuh)
I probly ain't shit if u let a freak tell it

Verse 2 (Lolo Swift)

Wha (??) (??) (??) (??) via pimp take it for what its worth
Loli lo might mama never (???)
(?????????????????????????)
With the magnitude that you submittin'
To the game brame watch this how you be forgettin
Cut out your never next with the stylish jack
Leave ur ass for dead cause you be fuckin faggots BITCH
Picture this superbowl sunday
Niggas shoottin craps in the kitchen
(?????????????????????????????)
Bank robber
(???????????????????????)
What ever you like pumpin I ain't from my abs
Cause my ass is tight

Verse 3 (Andre Nickatina)

I write scriptures
For those (???????) drug picture
Treat the pain and make it feel liek a slug hit cha
(???) im about to make bail
The plan i got (????) cliental
The killer whale goes deep benathe the ocean floor
And leaves dead MC's at the sandshore
The atlantic, man dont panic, you act liek u ain't never
Get your ass kicked
I make money and for me its sheer kind
Comin through, smellin good, park (??) (ooooh)
All in detriot man they know my (??)
Stretchin they necks tryin ta check the guy cuz
I stay quite when my other niggas get loud
I kick style with my silver tooth smile (cha ching)
I cook rhymes on a cookie sheet
While you play that top on a rookie beat
WORD

Verse 4 (Lolo Swift)

Frankly, Im about to spank thee
On the microphone (???)
Stitchin up your pain with my protocall
Youll get your (???)
Kidding, you see my devilsh grin
I see the way you like sedating while im lickin my ends
While u be gressin im progressin your the (????)
First lesson compessin, cause (???????)
Is the first step to a cry (?????) im a pimps grip
(???) now really how far do you think the players
Path gon getcha? c'mon nigga HUH HUH?

Shiiit you know mackin is a game freak, and im a player
But not for long (????)
Shiiit, King Nicky in full effect I got coke dealers askin
"What you doin next?" and check
Like the honycomb hideout hidaway, i dont drive nickatine
I just fly away. Spread my wings like a vulture when it comes to this
Makin moneys more sweater then a tounge kiss
Shift the gears on my (??) like a (??)
Back there i had you spinnin like a comacobie
Work the rap like a drunk work a bar tender
Shake it live like a colt 45

Feel free to correct it its needs to be!