I don't wanna cry no mo so it's on
U caught up in the mode of the new Jim Jones
Problems in the world make mary jane a hit
Young mothafuckas gettin raised like pits
Nigga can you feel the hatred, I want you to die
Creepin bolo, always solo, chewy got me high
My eyes are low, my heart is cold, my stare will cause you pain
My niggas, man they want the dank, these white girls want the caine
Problems in the world make niggas wanna kill
So I slang my rope just to make a joint to break you off the real
Foul rat daddies make my mind go smash
Niggas smoke all day, but still about they cash
Are u a killa, or are you a fake ass nigga (nigga)
Dirty like a worm (worm), slimy like a caterpillar (caterpillar)
Mind full of hatred... killa! (killa!)
And if they don't come, go n get em! (go get em!)
It's like world war 3 in the mothafuckin zone
And anything goes when street lights come on
And I'm sweatin, every nite sleepin no noise
Always mad, never glad, indo brings me joy
So lay down to your mothafuckin nemesis (lay it down)
You say u caught me? then I'm a ask for witnesses (witnesses)
It's like enter the dragon, I creep like bruce
Callin all cars, cop/got killa on the loose
Once in my scope, there ain't no hope, cause I don't care
You walkin now, but when u see me, picture wheel chair
Because my bear hug be fuckin off your vertebrae
And now you lookin like a cat on the freeway
You start actin like a child and I'm a call you 'son'
You try to play me like a bitch and I'm a cut yo tongue
And I ain't ever met a nigga that ain't lied about pussy to this day
But I ain't trippin, mothafucka roll a J
Cause I don't give a fuck, nigga what's the score
I got mines and nigga, I want yours
They rat head mothafuckas get government cheese
And get the full extent of punishment by any fuckin means|
So I'm livin like a dope dealer poppin in his prime
And example mothafucka that had dope came in '89
It's like FUCK YOU MANE, CRACK COCAINE!
That one hitter quitter done got yo brain
Now it's only poppin, there ain't no stoppin
Money comes first nigga bodies start droppin
Niggas get hit like they comin across the middle
Cause I ain't got no time for no mothafuckin riddle
Cause bullshit walks, and money talks loud
Smilin shows weakness, so niggas don't smile
Mind full of hatred, gone off dank white
Nigga I'm head huntin, mothafuck yo life!
[VERSE 2]
It's like peeka boo peeka boo, nigga I see ya
But what I got for ya foo, I wouldn't wanna be ya
The 6'6 killa whale's in the cuts, like starsky n hutch
And I'm puffin on skunk. so nigga knuckle up and your grill u better guard
Cause I'm a try to stick you like a snitch on the yard
I walk my walk I talk my talk and sometimes I mite give orders
Deceptacons, get ready to roll on all these transformers
Cause niggas don't care, they takin chewy to the brain
Mind full of hatred, off that caine to the face
Bow down u little bitch here to taste
Respect gets? like staggitory rape
And it's on, voices goin off in my dome
Steady gettin high in my caddy all chrome
CHIT CHATTA! mothaf*ckas really don't matter
Niggas get beat like pancake batter
Cracked like egg, fried like pork
I got niggas runnin east, west, south, n north
Like a compass, yo life don't mean shit to me, f*ck it
Mind full of hatred smokin chewy in a bucket
These cockaroach f*cks get eat like fish
Skinned like shrimp, beat then lynched
Cause foolin ona reef shit n foolin ona bird shit
And all that other bullshit Dre Dog is not concerned with
F*CK EM
F*CK EM