[Intro]

OG Scarface in this
5-30
Meh
Outlaw for life
Yeah
Let's go!

[Verse 1: Scarface]:

Geto boy from the start. I'd be man when I finish
Ask a question if you really wanna an answer my nigga
Game sold not told, so we selling the rhyme
It's an everyday struggle in this thing called grime
Game change life expectancy for young black male
He is twenty one by seventeen he happened in jail
Face to life was the murder he ain't even commit
But the corner porner fuck him, so they giving him this
Mamma cry but his all does it loosing her son
It's a black thing and white boys is having its fun
Playing god with your freedom look at how the did ?
I left it back a Harris county - he was fighting him one
And Mario took the fire he just waited in chain
Didn't passin' out them 40's niggers thank us again
And the first thang we say is: we gon' take it to trial
And these judges got nerve to look a nigga who's smile
And the cops steady crushing us setting us up
Don't ? don't ? fucking us up
He has grown without father, polite visit to jail
Until his baby mama find another niggas she fail
Playin' tears, pass the time, tryin' thinkin' with rhyme
We're selling youngest bark try to keep it from crime
Born sinners, god forgive us - we don't know what we do
I'm just an outlaw - lost cause calling on you
Cause I'm a sinner

[Chorus]:

Brave ones
Born sinners
Only god can judge us
Please forgive use
For all the trafficant, blastin' in a crime scene
The game dirty, ain't no coming out clean
Watch the signs
Getcha yours
While you watch your mouth
Outlawz built the last
This was by design
Yeah
You better rise when it's time to rise
Better step up to the play when its time to shine

[Verse 2: Hussein Fatal ]:

I ain't got time for your chest on a rhyme
In the streets while your baby mama fucking for a dime
Nigga
Every fucking line nigga rhyming 'bout the crime
But you know this nigga lying cause he ain't never did no time
Sinner...

I get it on like I get i on
Big dick nigga you girl face which i sit it on
And if this nigga don't stop fronting like he get him gone
I make a phone call and now I'm get`em gone

These niggas becoming so different I know it
I roll me ? when I listen I blow it
I roll me another indicacy
This niggas is nothing they buffin' no beast
They reveal by nothin important in the front, ain't no mind,  history so they nothing for me
And I bang on'em
I'ma bang 'til I hear him crying
Two guns up west coast somebody hit a line
Brick city shit never after ours blackbox
And new CC 3 doors open like a Mate back
Eh

[Chorus]:

[Verse 3: Young Noble]:

Outlawz and the Facemob
Grinding is my day job
We used to stash dimes and so
And sat it in his packs
Let it open toss it in the grass
To the North Pass
5-30 White Mike usually hit that ass
Cope it all for me
Stepped on you dead wrong thinking you can fuck with me
I know they wanna get me, but I ain't hard to find
H-town to dirty jersey with the dirty nine
You better watch the sings, do what the song say
When you gettign paid - everyday is a long day
Folk in a roll go right might be the wrong way
Struggle is the same from raw way to Norway
London to Germany, France out to Paris
The theme of the hood, so this music is the marriage
Ghetto bastard, way above average
Outlaw till they covering casket

[Verse 4: E.D.I. Mean]:

Life is short and all you got
Let me the time to make it pop
Got a ? on the court to take a shot
Gotta be in the game to get hot
Never know when might be your turn
Don't listen now you won't learn
Thinking
Thickin' know that you gone
But you're ready for trouble
Now Imma tell you the truth
You'd better swerve
Look out - temptation around every corner
I'm a survivor I'm strong
Sippin' a honey deck
Blowing on marijuana
Still I'm so focused to finish line is close
Closer to my dream I can see it please believe
Hard working dedication - like the money teen
No shorts, no losses or clip boss
Born sinner, turn winner
Ya can all witness
Big binners, eight figures made niggas in this
Spend his money cause we damn show can't take it wit us
Late night, high life. Will the Lord forgive us?
Spending his money cause we damn show can't take it wit us
Late night high life. Will the Lord forgive us?

[Chorus]: