DJ Unknown & DJ Mekalek ft. Al-Shid, Huggy Bear, and J-Zone - “My Mind's Playin Tricks On Me”
[Emcee(s): Al-Shid, Huggy Bear, and J-Zone]
[Producer(s): Scarface (Original Instrumental from Geto Boys - "Mind Playing Tricks On Me")]
[DJ Mix: DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]
[Scratches: DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]

[Intro: Al-Shid]
My nigga Unknown, DJ Mek, drop this motherfucker, let me scream on these niggas, man.  Yeah.  I sing along [?].  Backstage [?] hoes.  (Trifling-ass bitch) Get out my pocket.  Yo

[Verse 1: Al-Shid]
At shows, I don’t sleep.  I got concerns (Word)
“Oochie” bitches after bucks wanna kidnap my sperm (Fasho)
Catch you drunk at a show.  That’s how they get ya
I’m paranoid ‘cause bitches is much worse than niggas (Watch that ho)
Talk about the kind that made hitting right
(Shit) But that’s the only way you’ll get the pipe
See, every time I’m at shows, I’ll start
Drinking, and bitches start scheming on my dough (Uh)
I’ll see ‘em when I’m counting my stack
But I don’t know who she is, so I’m watching the tramp
Type of bitch to pop holes in your rubber (Trifling bitch)
Slob your knob and get you robbed by her brother
Talk about take her home
And while you sleep, take everything you own (Oh shit)
Some might say, “Take a chill, B,” but fuck
That shit.  New York bitches is filthy (Damn right)
She suck a mean dick like a nympho
Twenty seconds later, niggas creeping through your window
Taking everything that ain’t attached (There it is)
Love seat and the sofa to match (Uh)
So peep game when the bitch run up on ya
‘Cause, if you don’t, then she’ll try to get the slip on ya

[Verse 2: Huggy Bear]
I got smoke
Money.  I jumped in the car.  Everybody knows
Hug.  It’s like I’m a movie star, but late at
Night, I’ll sit with a pipe, fill it with some
Herbs, maybe some rocks, and then I get nice.  Here comes that
Fool that I smacked off the block when he tried
To sleep on the E that A2G got.  Just did
A show for five hundred dollars.  Thought I sniffed
Some ‘caine, but it was Gold Medal flour.  Reached under
My seat, get the packs out for these suckers.  Ain’t no use in me
Lying.  I was higher than a motherfucker
I put the dope in my hand and then I bailed out
Quick, and, if it’s going down, let’s get this shit over with
Here’s comes police, just like I figured
I took a shot just to saturate the liver
And what I saw will make you start giggling
The Skipper, Ginger, Mary Ann, and Gilligan
I live with a whore.  I’ll take
My smoke everywhere I go—that’s why I’m paranoid
I keep looking over my shoulder, copping off
Corners.  My mind is playing tricks on me

[Verse 3: J-Zone]
This year, I gigoloed every weekend
And, as usual, the hoes wasn’t speaking
(Hoes) fronting ‘cause I got no rims
A beat-up ride, I might as well be pushing Timbs
So I speeded up the pace, got
A hooptie on dubs—now them hoes in my face (What’s up, bitch?)
Yeah, they’re on my dick, no doubt
Car got rims, so now I’ll take ‘em out (Come here)
Heh.  It’s time to pimp hard—I’ll plan (Aight)
But some punk stole my rims and ran (What?!?)
Now them rims was like a good twenty inches
Them the rims that be getting all the bitches (Bitches)
So I went and looked for ‘em (Heh)
Bugging out, acting all off-the-hook for ‘em
The more I looked, the more folks knew
Rims disappeared, and my hoes disappeared too (Come back, bitch)
Then I realized it was a dream
(What?) Bitch, my rims was really thirteens
(Oh) Car wack as fuck on the streets
Rims all ugly, I bought ‘em at the swap meet
(Hahaha) Ah man, homie
It’s fucked up when your ride got no rims on it