[Verse 1: Lord have Mercy]
As we approach the current time frame of 1997.With approximately
Two and a half years before the year two thousand. Repeatedly it has
Been reported that there will be a time soon approaching. That
Major disaster will be striking, all levels of existence. It has also been
Reported that this disastrous thing will be approaching in the form of
Many, many as in squad, squad as in Flipmode squad
It has also been reported that everyone out of the many will strike
But this particular motherfucker will strike with an unmeasurable
Blast and fuck up everything within his 360o radius
Warning. Prepare yourselves. Store your food, stamp your paper
Because when this motherfucker gets here, it's about to get real fucked up
For everyone and everything, everywhere!!!!

[Verse 2: Dolomite]
Well, Busta Rhymes. Come over here and let me talk to you son
See now, Dolomite just got back from some shit that you about to
Be in. Well are you prepared, I hope you are prepared nigga, cause
You know this is album number two. Yes more bitches than before
There'll be more bitches, more and more and more. More thirsty
Niggas. Tryin' to get inside your shit. Tryin' to throw your whole
Chemistry off. Oh yes, there's gonna be a lot more money. Yes a lot
More money than before. So son don't you worry about none of that
Shit. All you gotta do is just slap your dick in the mouth of these
Bitches that don't wanna act right, and put a hot one in any
Motherfucker that wants to get in the way of this power move shit right
Here. Ok son, all right Busta enough of this shit talkin. Lets be on our
Way. Cause when disaster strikes there's gonna be a whole lot of
Motherfuckers pourin in. All right baby, lets go

[Verse 3: Spliff Star]
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo. Ladies and Gentlemen. Straight from the
Motherfuckin street corner. Goin out to all you motherfuckers
Across the globe. On the return trip. It be the niggas. The niggas that
Live by the code of blood honor. My Flipmode niggas, ha. Spliff bring
You that shit to another extreme. Here to hit you motherfuckers with
A strike of disaster. I bring on to you once again. The eight wonder
Of the world. My nigga Busta Rhymes. And I be that nigga, that live
Nigga Spliff I Spliff comin through right at you were ever the fuck you
At. Flipmode is da Squad comin through right at you were ever the
Fuck you
At
[Busta Rhymes]
A yo cut my shit off, get it off. A heh a heh, a heh heh
Here we go again motherfuckers. A heh, lets start this
Shit