[Hook: Josh Garrels]
Anchor of my soul, You sustain
When I'm in the storm, You remain
Good to me
Good to me
Anchor of my soul, You sustain
When I'm in the storm, You remain
You remain good to me
Good to me

[Verse 1: Braille]
When it's a quarter past midnight
And the grey skies fade to black
The waves splash and set me off track
So my vessel might crash or collapse
When I'm attacked
And start wrestling in my head with these bad
Memories from my past
I'm aware of my guilt, overwhelmed
And the smell of my blood has the sharks
That surround me cast under a spell
They waited for me to fall but when I fell the water got
Still
And the blood that was spilled protects me
It's the same blood that cleansed me
My only defense against my nemesis
Now I can rest knowing that nothing can come against
Me unless the Father gives consent
Evil intentions will not disturb God's purposes or interfere so
Who shall I fear if my Anchor is secure?
Learning to consider it pure joy when I'm facing tribulations
Praising God instead of complaining or getting overtaken with bitterness
Looking at the pages of the book of James and seeing
The ways that God works through the trials to make us more
Mature in our faith. It reminds me how desperate I am in
This desert land, thirsty for your mercy and plan while you
Give me the strength to stand. You're my greatest pleasure
Yeah, no matter the weather I face, Lord you never forsake
My fragile life is safe under your sovereign grace

[Hook: Josh Garrels]
Anchor of my soul, You sustain
When I'm in the storm, You remain
Good to me
Good to me

[Verse 2: Odd Thomas]
At some point every human looks right in the eyes of agony
And through the tragedy asks himself how can this happen to me?
You might be the type with enough insight to hold
On for your dear life but slip because your grip is not as
Tight as you might like
You ain't immune to it, naw, and if
You true to yourself then you ain't new to it
Trusted in self, lusted and lured to it
So when the darkness overwhelms me
And the tide of life rises and swells "It is Well" is what compels me.
When faced with adversity your truth
Constantly reminds me that you command the seas with ease
And with words you're turning wind to breeze. It helps me
To understand that we stand on solid rock not on sinking
Sand. Through the providence of pain you perfect your plan
Predestined to be tested when the works and the Words of
God cooperate and educate men in the great gift of Grace
And Faith. And even though its obvious when my outlooks
Ominous you've bound my heart and my conscience and gave me
A constant calmness. So when the pain comes like rain from
The parts of life that maintains its strain I can put my
Trust in the hands that sustain. It's profound that with
All these sinking ships around me, He surrounds me and he
Anchors me with his grace abounding

[Hook: Josh Garrels]
Anchor of my soul, You sustain
You sustain
When I'm in the storm, You remain
You remain
Good to me
Good to me
Oh, You're good to me
You're good to me
Good to me