Verse 1:
(Apex Frazier)

Early mornings, waking up
Never though it'd hurt so much
Anyway, hit the whip, hit the whip
8 hour trip, boy don't trip
Cinci with the squad, but why I feel so weak?
Been devoured by the week
Time gets so hard to keep
This world really gettin' to me
These girls really getting to me
Been awhile since relief
Fake joy with no peace, sheesh
Searchin' for advice from Beleaf
He told me "step it up...then they'll believe"
Then I'll achieve, what he has for me
But I can't see, what he want from me
I'm angry now, I'm depressed
Another roll model just left
Now all I have is the man in the 6
And the man with 2 kids
But he's too busy juggling them sticks
I had potential, but stopped dribblin', I got stick
Of just watchin' while I, sat on the bench
Paid off the dues yet, corrupt government
Say the bad news then, go back to the end...
Then go back to the end
Of the line cuz what you find in time is that
Time is no friend of you unwise young man
Clappin' your hands, while she's clappin' your grands
That's a beast, not a dime
She a beast, I call her time
Rest in peace , when it's time
But the east, where it rise
The west means you failed
And your tale won't be telled
That's no mornin', no pornin'
No nights in hotels
The hope man told me to hold on
You was already out when first stepped on
Tried to gets your bars up like it was 'so gone'
But you denied who it is that you stand on

Ya, ya. I'm praying for another day homie..

Verse 2:
(Grant Benjamin)

Yea, I just want another day homie..

This day I'm living right now
It never seems to die down
Surrounded by evilness, craziness, bitterness
Hate now
On the news, another body
Scroll on twitter, one more body
Check the gram, I bet it shows the pain of ones that's lost a body
I don't know just what to feel
I don't know if this is real
I don't wanna know that killer strike right down there in the Ville
Flowers on the. pavement
Symbolize the love and hatin'
And they dry up, they get brittle to the ground, they all disintegratin'
Yea, and in my brain it wages war
My minds beats and streams back to what it was before
Back when I was just a kid
That ignorance and innocence
Back when I never had no idea of times or any sense, uh
My anxiety, anxiety is killing me
The meds don't work and I can't seem to find the time to sit in peace
My brain is running circles, 360 degrees
I'm getting dizzy, gotta chill, I gotta take a knee
Looking at what I'm running to
All along what do I do?
Chasing after feel good feelings, but they vanish like 3, 2..
And 1
Second til I'm gone
Onto the next thing, zero seconds, blast off
I gotta keep in check before it leads me to death
My sin is a villian and my God got my back
I struggle with the feelin, does anyone even want me?
But while I'm here, man I'm just askin' for another day homie..
I'm prayin' for another day homie
I just want another day homie!