We just gettin started
Count it off like this
One two three IV

Intelligent rhymes with original styles
We got Mr. J., Braille, and Manchild here
If you wanna know the real deal then here we go

[Mr. J. Medeiros]
On an account of the cost
Being thee amount of the cross
Being me don’t amount to the loss
You see me, know my fountain of flaws
To free me off a mountain I toss
Into the deep sea breathin out thee exhaust
Inhaling the frost of cold summers
The cost of sailing, I’m lost with no compass
The cause and effect witch I pause to reflect
For a moment, taught to respect the atonement
I own it, and walk these steps as a grown man
Where talk is a weapon that holds man
I fought with this lesson with no hands
Trying to know my Savior it’s a Risk
When your wrists are dying to hold Asia
It’s a mind over nations of millions
The face of our children
The chase for the safety in buildings
That make it so yielding is never an option
The willing to weather whatever it costs them

[Manchild]

Put it on the line like rhymes that we write
With a pad and pen before we spit it on the mike

Add it up for ?? and got the information put in to the book
A snooker to the lie for every ?? hook line and sinking in
Kids check it out and turn the pages until they think again
?? read it in between the hash marks convert it into cliff notes
Accelerate the fast starts
?? the plan B before you move past freedom ?? even start to understand me
Telling me when you may freeze
Before you weave that reasoning into the fabric of the grand scheme
?? overcomposition at large points to the Heavens identify who's in charge
Bar none hard rocks
Ladies with ??
??
Call it what you want from big dreams to far flung
It don't stop till the wars won

Hey DJ Idol can I get an introduction
Comon man let's do this
I want to rock right now

[Braille]
Do the mathematics, algebra and calculus
I counted the cost, accounted for the counterfeit
When I encountered it, stood my ground and the coward quit
Cause he's powerless, so many challenges exist
Calculate the catalyst, cause and effect
From catastrophic events, we gotta catapult past it
Cast away doubt, it returns sevenfold, tell them "get out"
This is my temple, my house, take control of your body
Reject the venom, yo their bugging out, better grab the insect repellent
My rebellion, rocking the bells from Belgium
To Bella Bella to Boston and back to Bellingham
The mailman playing my role, no more John Stockton
I'm Karl Malone, slamming it home on microphones
I'm in the zone, lyrics and poems
Flow through my chromosomes and penetrate domes
I wanna rock right now, come on
It's been a long road driven by purpose
And I know it's worth it
I wanna rock right now, come on

I added it up and I counted the cost
I understand the risk, I'm gonna carry my cross
Do it like this
Before you make your move calculate the risk