[Intro: Odd Thomas pretending to be a reporter]
We're on location from planet Earth. Things are crazy down here! It's painfully obvious that all of creation has been affected by the curse

[Verse 1: Braille]
Reported live from the darkness where hope is absent
Sport a broken heart like the latest fashion
Desperation is a dangerous attraction
Isolation is an empty habit
And none of my senses can make sense of it
I'm numb, but once I come to sensualism
Enter with a sensitive mind, till the temperature rise
When I'm assembling rhymes, I start to tremble inside
And start to recognize these words are not mine
I wouldn't be breathing if he didn't put the breath inside
But I still wrestle with pride
Try to steal the glory when the pressure is high
My body is a temple so access denied
This is a place where the Holy Spirit resides
The risen king died, made me alive
And one day I'll see Him with my eyes

[Chorus]
And that's how I sleep at night
DeepRest!
At peace when I close my eyes
Beat on my chest
Faith to believe, when it seems impossible, impossible

And that's how I sleep at night
DeepRest!
At peace when I close my eyes
Beat on my chest
Redeemed from the curse
So I stand firm
Waiting for the King to return

[Verse 2: Braille]
Don't get me wrong, I'm just the messenger
I make songs, but I didn't make the message up
I've done wrong. So many times I've messed up!
Confessed my sin, that's when God cleaned my mess up
Acquitted what I committed, forgiving all of my sinning
Written in the beginning, on the cross it was finished
Believing means more than just saying a prayer
It means my life is not my own. Yeah, I'm taking it there. Uh!
You know what time is it? The Lord is coming sooner
Like the sound of (?) or the counterfeit
When the King returns, the whole world stops
There's nothing left to say. Stand back and watch
I know He's on His way. For some that means
Judgement and tomb if your soul's not clean
So I'm following Christ through the danger zone
Saved by grace through faith alone

[Chorus]

[Instrumental]

[Chorus]