[Verse 1]
They say closed mouths don't get fed
Well I'm starving to speak, I borrow some meat
Don't butcher these words and call it a tweet
You are what you eat
You can't win this so walk on your feet
Words flying out the mouth, it's a cage match with language
And we all fluent, it's dangerous
See them aiming on the Internet and we like it
You told me all your business, now you calling me psychic
Your palms red bloody with the blood of their brother
It's cold-blooded told Austin even three 16's won't make us love it
The bottom line is beneath us
We stand on it like it's Regis asking who was Jesus
One in a trillion, is it pilgrims killing natives?
Tongues made up of gun cases and nun faces
We done made it a habit to run our mouth like the bank can't cash it
That chase pay ain't worth your bracket
That's cheap talk, be quiet

[Interlude]
Shush
Hush, hush

[Verse 2]
Blah blah ba-blah blah
That's how we sound when we talk about what they sound
And we walk around with these nouns in these towns
And these people things and these words and these verbs
And they heard and they serving the person who served it
What I'm saying is it serving the person that heard it?
Is it worthless a wordsmith bent 'til it's cursive
Is it worship a church went missing, it's urgent
Oh I hear 'em yeah they sound like Earth, Wind, and Spurgeon
Birds chirping it's a tweet again, too many words
All the nerdies finger snitching, tell her who I really serve
It's too late to edit it, toupee the rhetoric
Off the top as Lupe with reverence
Who said the truth is irrelevant?
Devil stay talking
My kind of coffin is caught in the mouth of a killer
Tell 'em whoever listens when the devil tell 'em, stay calling
Image bearer's another name
You live for another's fame
It's best to be quiet

[Outro]
Y'all just be yapping, yapping, yapping at the mouth
Didn't yo' mama tell you if you ain't got nothing good to say, then don't say it all? But naw, don't nobody listen to they mama no more. They just let they mouth talk. They just, they just, they just don't wanna be quiet. Some of y'all need to read Proverbs. I don't know what's going on with the kids nowadays. They just go and go and go and go and go...