[Verse 1]
It took us so long to get here
But here really ain't that special, was it all worth it?
Was it all you hoped for and wished for?
And I remember the daydreams of a pre-teen boy on Grandmama's porch
Motley crew of ashy knee colored boys yelling "That's my car!" when the nice ones rolled by
Bathing in that summer afternoon sunset
Heads flat on the concrete, eyes straight into the sky
As to drown out the smog and drug transactions we were obviously surrounded by
One day, I'mma make it, but what is "it"? Objects? Things?
And it's all to realize that "calm", it really ain't that calm
And the struggle is much more enjoyable when the end ain't clutched
Like the moment you realize you're consumed with first-world problems
I guess that means you made it
But it's eerie how uncomfortable it is when we get too comfortable

[Chorus]
When they closin' all the curtains to convince you that it's night time
Don't believe 'em, don't believe 'em
And when they tell you it's a must-have and you can't live without it
Listen you don't need it, you don't need it
And when they tell you sweet this and only this is beautiful
Tell 'em I don't see it, I don't see it
Don't believe 'em, you don't need it, I don't see it
I don't see it

[Verse 2]
It's kinda like that notion that if you accept these set of notions
Then your soul's premium's secure, right?
And you're searching for new mountains to climb as if you conquered the first one
You ain't done, you just comfy!
And it seems like your soul's tenacity been done moved to the suburbs
And them neatly aligned trees and perfectly manicured lawns
And them safe schools and parks is a good place to raise a beer belly, right?
And them identical strip malls on every corner of your mind can feel a little claustrophobic, right?
And it's there, you realize that there is no "there"
Cause this type of perfect, boy it just ain't worth it
Don't you dare close them curtains, it ain't night time
And you don't need another object
And that right there is not beauty
Homie, it's eerie how uncomfortable it is when we get too comfortable

[Chorus]
When they closin' all the curtains to convince you that it's night time
Don't believe 'em, don't believe 'em
And when they tell you it's a must-have and you can't live without it
Listen you don't need it, you don't need it
And when they tell you sweet this and only this is beautiful
Tell 'em I don't see it, I don't see it
Don't believe 'em, you don't need it, I don't see it
I don't see it