[Intro]
This is the Image of God
Created, fallen, and redeemed

[Verse 1]
We were made by the Triune God who's overflowing with Life
For His glory He created us to know His delight
Although He doesn’t need us, He was pleased just
To make us His conduits who show what He’s like
To be His Image-Bearers, Yep—His mirrors in Eden
Made from the dust—but by His Spirit we’re breathing (Gen. 2:7)
(Who are We?) We’re physical-spiritual beings
Who live before the Face of God, He’s near and He’s seeing
Made to be dependent—so clearly we need Him
Straying would bring His Vengeance—so fear Him and please Him
We’re embodied souls (Gen. 2:7)
What is logical? It’s giving all-honor to our God in Full!
We were given Dominion, to be kings in His Kingdom (Gen. 1:26)
To spread Godliness through our kids and their kinsmen (Gen. 1:28)
Vice-Kings made in His likeness to be like Him: wise, kind, holy and righteous (Eph. 4:24; Col. 3:10)
Made with boundaries, to obey is how we’re free
So to transgress is a crazy fallacy! (Rom. 1:22)
And to show how His Pleasure is teeming
He made us Male and Female—sexual beings (Gen. 1:27)
Made to love Him from our hearts and in action (Gen. 2:15-17)
In covenant relationship with God everlasting! (Hosea 6:7)
If Adam passes the test, and God’s statutes are kept
We’d be advanced unto Glory, then bask in His Rest!

[Chorus 1]
(Who Are We?) we’re creatures who are made in His Image
(Who Are We?) now we’re all enslaved and we’re sinners
(Who Are We?) but now we’re being re-made in His likeness
Glory awaits, we’re soon to be raised up like Christ is!!!
(Creation) we’re creatures who are made in His Image
(the Fall) now we’re all enslaved and we’re sinners
(Redemption) but now we’re being re-made in His likeness
Glory awaits, we’re soon to be raised up like Christ is!!!

[Verse 2]
Naked without shame
But Satan would shout “Hey, did God really say these statements—they sound lame!
You decide what is right, based on your sound brain” (Gen. 3:1-5)
But sin—made every part of us defiled, insane! (Gen. 6:5)
We went from image bearers now to image makers (Isa. 44:9-20; Ezekiel 16:7; Amos 5:26)
No longer royal children, because sin’s enslaved us
Now, this may seem quite odd:
Romans 1 says we all know Him…but we don’t like God! (Rom. 1:21)
We’re suppressors of truth with intellectual proofs (Rom. 1:18, 25)
We justify our evil, with an impressive excuse
To beastly pleasures we stoop
And all the while pretending that He who’s Omnipresent is duped!
Physically alive, but spiritually—carcasses (Eph. 2:1-3)
The darkness of our sarx (σάρξ) and hearts is this:
We deceive ourselves with our own arguments
So that we can pretend that no God exists! (Ps. 14:1)
We’re wicked treasonous, we married our mistress (Jer. 3:1-11, 20)
With deceitfulness, we’re cherishing riches
In disobedience, Our varied commitments
With allegiances, show we’re very religious (Acts 17:16, 22)
Pursuing lustly instincts, our disgusting sin stinks (2 Peter 2:10-12, 22)
Instead of God, we’re trusting in things
(we say) “it’s psychological!”—discuss it with “Shrinks”
Our standard is SELF—our sense of “justice,” intense!
Can’t admit we’re wrong—just can’t confess it
We can still do good deeds—but demand the credit
Spiritually deaf, blind, and dumb
Screaming “Not Your will, O God—but mine be done!”
So the God of all Goodness, who is Jehovah
Says, “okay—your will be done,” and gives us over---to our self-destruction (Rom. 1:24, 26, 28)
So now we’re hurting prisoners locked up in our own cell’s corruption!
Covenant breakers—to cover our shame up—
We smother our pain, don’t want others to hate us
We suffer from racists—Satan’s come and he’s raped us
Now we fear death because judgment awaits us! (Heb. 2:15)
IN ADAM—we’re all the same, from God estranged
But in all this—the image of God remains…(Gen. 9:6; James 3:9)
Yet Yahweh, He still is pursuing them:
To save us, He’ll die on a hill in Jerusalem!

[Chorus 1]
(Who Are We?) we’re creatures who are made in His Image
(Who Are We?) now we’re all enslaved and we’re sinners
(Who Are We?) but now we’re being re-made in His likeness
Glory awaits, we’re soon to be raised up like Christ is!!!
(Creation) we’re creatures who are made in His Image
(the Fall) now we’re all enslaved and we’re sinners
(Redemption) but now we’re being re-made in His likeness
Glory awaits, we’re soon to be raised up like Christ is!!!

[Verse 3]
We are those whom God would share our nature (Heb. 2:14)
To satisfy the Father’s Wrath and bear His Anger (Heb. 2:17)
Jesus! The First-Fruits of New Humanity (1 Cor. 15:20)
Jesus! Our Blueprint of the Truest Man, indeed!
Fully God—yet true Adamic Seed (Luke 3:38)
He became Man—to pursue His Family…
…from every Tribe, people group, and nation (Rev. 5:9)
In His Resurrection—He begins the New Creation! (Col. 1:18; 2 Cor. 5:17; Rev. 3:14)
Royal Children again in the kingdom of HIS light (Col. 1:13-14)
2 words summarize us now: IN CHRIST! (Rom. 8:1-2)
Because, United to the True Human:
New hearts, forgiveness, and change, it comes though this Union (Col. 2:11-15)
Even before the fall, Adam was able to die (1 Cor. 15:46)
Jesus whose Lord over all, now is raised up alive
As we bore the image of him whose body was perishable
An imperishable glory-body will carry our soul (1 Cor. 15:42-49)
Chosen in Him to be holy within (Eph. 1:4; Rom. 8:29)
Til then, He shows us our sin—we are those who repent!
Now Covenant-Keepers in the Son who redeemed us
Justified now, by the Blood of our Jesus! (Rom. 5:9)
(We’re) a holy nation of priests—now praise is a feast
We’re a chosen race, we’re His saints and His sheep (1 Peter 2:9-10)
The Spirit’s gives true discernment (Eph. 4:23-24)
Now we want reality—not “pulp” fiction, no Uma Thurman!
We are those who grow, although it’s sloppy
Plus we’re those who groan in this broken body (Rom. 8:23; 2 Cor. 5:2)
Less and less enjoy sin; more we detest its poison
At times depressed, sorrowful yet rejoicing (2 Cor. 6:10)
We run swiftly—but life becomes sticky
Crying “Come Quickly” yet His Son’s with me
Cuz He isn’t far, though
A Compassionate Father who is always with us in our sorrows
But at times, spiritually-hollow
Weary and not whole, with tears in His Bottle (Ps. 56:8)
But when He returns—all mourning is finished (Rev. 21:4)
From the sight of His glory—we’ll be (completely) conformed in His Image! (1 John 3:1-2; Philip
3:20-21)
Though an eternity of Hell is JUST
Forever we’ll praise the Lamb who Himself was crushed (Rev. 5:9-12; 7:9-10)
His Infinite Love and Light will envelop us
In ceaseless fellowship—our God will dwell with us! (Rev. 21:3)

[Chorus 2]
(Creation) we’re creatures who are made in His Image
(the Fall) now we’re all enslaved and we’re sinners
(Redemption) but now we’re being re-made in His likeness
Glory awaits, we’re soon to be raised up like Christ is!!!
(Creation) we’re creatures who are made in His Image
(the Fall) now we’re all enslaved and we’re sinners
(Re-Creation!) but now we’re being re-made in His likeness
Glory awaits, we’re soon to be raised up like Christ is!!!

[Outro]
"So is it with the resurrection of the dead. What is sown is perishable; what is raised is imperishable. It
Is sown in dishonor; it is raised in glory. It is sown in weakness; it is raised in power. It is sown a natural
Body; it is raised a spiritual body. If there is a natural body, there is also a spiritual body. Thus it is written
“The first man Adam became a living being”; the last Adam became Life-Giving Spirit. But it is not
The spiritual that is first but the natural, and then the spiritual. The first man was from the earth, a man
Of dust; the second man is from heaven. As was the man of dust, so also are those who are of the dust
And as is the man of heaven, so also are those who are of heaven. Just as we have borne the image of the
Man of dust, we shall also bear the image of the man of heaven."