[Verse 1: Braille]
You like what I like so we like the same things
We could be best friends, we could be best friends
You could have my phone number and call me on the weekends
If I do not answer then I must be busy
Maybe I'm just sleeping, go ahead and leave a message
Send an email, send a text, send another, double check
Wait a second (wait a sec!) someone rang my doorbell
Oh it's you? That's kinda creepy I'ma lock my door now
What you really know about me?
What you really know about me?
You don't really wanna know me
You just wanna know about me
They say the show must go on, so we go on stages
Before you check that microphone go check your motivation (ONE TWO)
Miss a word, miss a word
Listen so you don't miss a word
Or misinterpret what I say
I wish I was a better friend
Who had more time for hanging out
Laughing, joking, going out
Drinking coffee, eating sushi
Ain't that what life's all about?
Party till the world ends
Tick, boom, time bomb
Kick snare, kick kick, snare
Hi-hat, hi tom!

[Verse 2: Odd Thomas]
My friends, they be sipping on that Stumptown hair bender coffee often reading copies of D.A Carson. Conversations with
Mochas at Barista or Coava's. When we in the northwest it's either Albina Press or Ristretto Roasters. My label mates
Are great because when they see me acting crazy they confront me with that "Check 1, 2", but do it gracious. You hitting
Me for hip hop sorry for no call back. I leave it alone when I step in my home and forget that you call back cause
I turn off my phone. What they really know about me? What they really know about me? They don't really wanna know me
They just want to know about me. What they really know about me? What they really know about me? We pose in them photos
But this don't show you much about me. They really only planned to get to know me cause the homies' Propaganda and
They see me down with the Humble Beast and a three piece band. I never intended to never respond to your text messages
Or never send you a friend request, but I guess I'm a little bit pressed and a little bit stressed. Because I work in
The office 9-5 and I rhyme full-time and I stay on my grind and I wish I had much more time to invest, but I wish you
The best and much success. Yes!

[Hook]
One two. Check one two

[Verse 3: Braille]
You like what I like so we like the same things. We could be best friends, we could be best friends. You could have my
Phone number and call me on the weekend. Call me on my work day, call me on my birthday. Hey Hey, what do you say? I'm
Back up on my grind again. My friends say that I work too hard and never make some time for them. I know they right
(I know they right) it's hard for me to admit it though. Sometimes it feels like I'm trying to fit a square peg in a
Circle hole. Never meant to ignore them, ever since I was born again I've been torn between how to spend my time cause
I realize how short it is. Maybe I'm too boring, cause I was born in Oregon. Throw away my old raps or lock em up in
Storage. So much more I wanna say but didn't wanna force it out. If you need more information get it from the horses
Mouth. "Neigh!" I say, there I said it like a stallion. Had a salad with some radish and some cucumbers and scallions
Mister mister minister, tell me what you in this for? Is it really all about how many you get in the door? Run the
Numbers and the stats, if that's all that matters then your status is shallow, one day your glass house will shatter

[Braille]
What they really know about you? what they really know about you?
They don't really wanna know you, they just want to know about you
What they really know about you? what they really know about you?
They don't really wanna know you, they just want to know about you

[Odd Thomas, Braille, and Courtland Urbano]
One two. Check one two
Yeah we could be best friends, we could be best friends...