[Denzel Washington Soundbite]
If you don’t read the newspaper, you are uninformed
If you do read it, you are misinformed
What is the long-term effect of too much information?

[Hook]
Information, information, I just need some information
I been dying, I been dying, is it lack of education?
I've been reading, I've been reading without any transformation
I'm addicted, I'm addicted, is it overstimulation?

[Verse 1]
Hello bro, I should be confessing that I am broke
I lust to be right but admitting I'm wrong
I am slow, I got a lot that I know but um... I don't grow
I don't get information for my soul, it's for my foe
Is there anything holy or anything sacred?
Do we demonstrate joy? Do we demonstrate patience?
Is there damage we do with this misinformation?
Is a gun and a bullet the only form of hatred?
When I say persecution, we ain't talkin' 'bout no violence, dude
What they really wanna do is try to silence you
I believe the best of my values and ethics
But my cynicism tells me that your values are reckless

[Hook]
Information, information, I just need some information
I been dying, I been dying, is it lack of education?
I've been reading, I've been reading without any transformation
I'm addicted, I'm addicted, is it overstimulation?

[Verse 2]
Where's the movement?
Somebody please point me towards the movement
I was told that you were the ones I should be cool with
But when they act foolish, who calls them out on their bullsh---
Bruh, you cannot disagree with the cool kids
This is how they get down, oh, it's how we get down
What I gotta do just to prove I'm in the in-crowd
I know my value, I might be small but fame is fickle
They might be bigger, I am a dime, they are a nickel
What's the value of grace when sin is cheap?
I learn the value of silence when fools speak
In a culture of speed, they will judge you when you're slow
Oh, let me guess: this is stuff that you already know

[Denzel Washington]
We live in a society now where it's just first, who cares?
Get it out there, we don't care who it hurts
We don't care who we destroy
We don't care if it's true
Just say it, sell it!
Anything you practice you'll get good at including BS

[Hook]
Information, information, I just need some information
I been dying, I've been dying, is it lack of education?
I've been reading, I've been reading without any transformation
I'm addicted, I'm addicted, is it overstimulation?

[Interlude]
Tell me, tell me who you listen to
Tell me, tell me who you listen to
Bad stories tell lies
Good stories tell truth
Bad stories tell lies

[Verse 3]
Reading Ralph Ellison slap-boxing with relevance
Sick of the prejudice but what is the medicine?
I read every book, I followed their artists
And I updated my look and I aim for new targets
And I laugh at their jokes, I flatter the smartest
And I covered their secrets, I learned in the darkness
And I sat with the brave, I heard of their pain
I ran in their lanes, I spoke of their names
I visit their chains, I study my heroes
I call them my tutors, I learn their maneuvers
Avoided their flaws and ran into new ones
I screamed and I marched, I read what they taught
I tallied their loss, I counted the cost
I spoke and I fought
Shame my oppressors, I practice the message
I loathe my aggressors, I met with the restless
I felt so impressive, I learned and I listened
I spoke against systems, I claimed altruism
I had information but did I have wisdom?

[Denzel Washington]
You heard me? Does that make sense?

Pianos and Politics