[Hook]
You are who You are
And You will never fail to be who You are
Always on top, always in control
Every knee should bow, you are Lord of all

Sovereign, Sovereign [x4]

[Verse 1: Odd Thomas]
From the skies to the seas and everything that lies in between
Everything that exists in the universe is dispersed by His decree
He's infinitely supreme and orchestrates all things
The One who sits in the Heavens and laughs and does whatever He pleases
Who governs the governments, and establishes kings
The Prince of Peace who proceeds over prophets, presidents, and priests
Who guides the plans of man, but lets that man choose freely
While simultaneously exercising divine sovereignty
Who intervenes on the will of man and causes for man to believe
Who appeases the wrath of God that brings peace to His enemies
The Lord over lords and the King over all earthly kings
The pervasive power of God displayed through His mighty deeds
The God of our destiny, the Author and Finisher of faith
With the power to persuade man, and sway souls for God's sake
The ultimate source of authority who rules with mercy and grace
But man reduces this attribute to foolish debate

[Hook]
You are who You are
And You will never fail to be who You are
Always on top, always in control
Every knee should bow, you are Lord of all

Sovereign, Sovereign [x4]

[Verse 2: Braille]
Who does majesty, glory, and power belong to?
Who is righteous in all His ways and never wrong?
Who is God? Sovereign
Who is awesome?
Who do all men depend on for life and breath?
The author of life and death
The often overlooked but still He's all seeing, all knowing
Holding all creation in its place, the God of wrath and grace
The one who could crush every idol man would rather chase
And leads men to the narrow gate, through these crooked paths we navigate
This world exists cause You've commanded it
So is Your hand in it?
Or have you handed it over to man and turned away and abandoned it?
Did you try your best and then left man to handle the rest?
Will your plans find success or should we second guess
When world leaders are deceivers, eager to puff their chests?
Is life a game of chess? Do you have these kings in check?
With so much evil how can we believe you're good?
But I finally understood when I saw that man nailed to wood