[Intro: H.B. Charles, Jr.]
The church is held together by the fellowship of the Holy Spirit
This is why I can't be a true Christian and say I love Jesus, I can't stand the church

[Verse 1: Jackie Hill-Perry]
This faith is tricky
Penn and Teller told me while holding my soul against me
Who guarding bodies your body probably would Bobby Whitney
I have nothing, it's nothing but love for 'em
Even when rain come and I stand on it like I ain't Missy
And science, is it the physics of different saints
Mixing two fallen stars can't exist in the same space
Gravity grabbing habits, too mad with the stay in place
Clapping and pattycaking and laughing when asked to pray and
Clapping and pattycaking and laughing when asked to pray, amen
The God I love loves you so I know I'm supposed to follow
Hallow his name I wallow
Modeling blame, ooh I know
It's a shame oh I believe it
Who's to blame? Is it me or is it Jesus?

[Interlude: H.B. Charles, Jr.]
Because if I'm saved, the Holy Spirit is in me and the Holy Spirit is in you. And the Holy Spirit in you is not going to tell you to not to have anything to do with the Holy Spirit in me. If the Holy Spirit is in us, he will cause us to love one another. The Jesus in me will love the Jesus in you

[Verse 2: Jackie Hill-Perry]
Sometimes I wanna leave and treat her like it was August
Argue with me, a father leave and treat her like it was August
Argue with me, a father leave and treat her like it was August
Argue with me, I'm falling apart at the seams
Can you get me some stitches?
Is it religious to treat the church like she doesn't matter?
Wasn't she ransomed? Wasn't she [?]
The answer ain't in the ballot
Who voted voted for her?
Who's behind this election?
Did he know she was messy?
Get a rose and she rolling over and smelling clover
She lucky, she told me know it's a blessing
To be alive for the record, now scratch that
I still remember when our members act like some hashtags
Crossing over lines, it's Comic-Con with the laugh track
I'm funny acting, I'm running back with the flashback
That Passover lamb he got it forward and past Acts
I saw when the flash happened who all in Damascus
Is that my brother, my sister, my cousin?
Mirror rubbing it in my face cause we looking like Mary Kay
The mirror showed me the same flaws in my face
Who's to blame?
Ask the saints

[Outro: Odd Thomas]
Oh how he loves us
He loves us, he loves us
Oh how he loves us
He loves us, he loves us