[Intro - bbymutha & Khloe]
Mommy you’re so cute! Hehe!
Say it one more time…
Mommy you’re so cute!
Yeah

[Verse 1 - bbymutha]
I used to keep that pussy cozy for a nigga I can’t stand no mo’
Ain’t no link affiliated, no that ain’t my hoe
You can suck a nigga a silly but he still gon go
Imma bundle up and bump it, imma ski them slopes
I be dancing on the dick, you don’t need me though
If I tell you I’m the Devil I could never lie
I done fucked with niggas who gon’ make sure that I never die
I’m a work of art and every time I muse, I multiply
Rob me of my energy
Level up on LSD
Goofy bitches bugging me 'bout a boy I used to freak
He was just a flavour of the week, they just come and go
I be on his mind when he inside of you, I know I know

[Chorus - bbymutha]
Boy I just  be dancing on the dick, you don’t need me
You could never see me like I see me, free me
You just wanna fuck, wanna freak, wanna be me
You just wanna live, wanna die, wanna kill me

[Spoken - La Chat]
Yeah
What it do baby mama?
Y'all already know my name... and it's La Chat bitch!
Y'all already know my aim... it's going down
We tossing these muhfucking niggas

[Verse 2 - La Chat]
Yeah, now you got good dick and I'm rocking
Good pussy I'm dropping
Dripping juice, that wet, wet
Don't clean it up - stay sloppy
Head boss - we knocking
Foreign wheels - we copping
Taking me to exclusive sweets, it's going down, what's popping?
Now, I don't give a fuck about your bitch bruh
All I give a fuck about is that bread
You fuck me right and you stuck me right, got me pulling all on your dreads
If I [?] my side nigga now, Imma make you my nigga instead
I tried so hard but I can't stop, won't stop thinking 'bout that [?] head
Yeah I'm dancing on that dick
Squirt romancing on that dick
I'm prancing on that dick
My walls enhancing on that dick
And I love a nigga that's nasty
He love that I'm hood classy
And yeah I get's to the [?] all you gotta do is just ask me boy

[Chorus - bbymutha]
Boy I just  be dancing on the dick, you don’t need me
You could never see me like I see me, free me
You just wanna fuck, wanna freak, wanna be me
You just wanna live, wanna die, wanna kill me

[Verse 3 - bbymutha]:
I used to keep that pussy cozy for a nigga I don’t love no mo’
I’m a goddess, he a peasant
You can have that, hoe
See these niggas only love you when you happy
Love you when you bone straight, cut you when you nappy
Worried ‘bout my past, I’m just gassing up my future
If you still embarrassed, hate it for ya, I salute ya
I do boss shit, you on ya dick til they recruit ya
Ya mouth is kinda fly, I’d hate to fuck around and shoot ya
Maybe she’s a rider but don’t let your shawty boost ya
Push me to the edge and all my friends’ll pull that pressure out
Never been a lady, it was never in my plans
Ain’t no pick me in my blood, sugar free, I won’t sweeten me
Fuck a man!

[Chorus - bbymutha]
Boy I just  be dancing on the dick, you don’t need me
You could never see me like I see me, free me
You just wanna fuck, wanna freak, wanna be me
You just wanna live, wanna die, wanna kill me