[Sample, repeating]
Slangin' rocks, non-stop
Non-stop, slangin' rocks

[Verse 1: Locodunit]
Slangin' rocks, non-stop, sewin' up my fuckin' block
Knowin' I don't sell rock for rock cause he might be the narcs
BHZ where I stay, hangin' low and chiefin' hay
From my nigga (?) so he can sell it in the bay
Servin' out the (?), in the south where I be in
Nothin' but dope dealers in my family, you know 'bout these Dunigans
We so heavy, wish you could be like us, slangin' good
Nothin' but dealers, killers and them junkies in my neighborhood
I'm slangin' the base, you know when I need it that thang on my waist
I'm steppin' on dope, what a disgrace
Steppin' on dope like cowboys (?)
They sellin' (?) it's powder and white girl, we call it Matilda
She really (?) she like what I give her, ... bitch

[Sample, repeating]
Slangin' rocks, non-stop
Non-stop, slangin' rocks

[Verse 2: Lil Infamous]
Takin' a hit from the kilo cause I gotta test the potency
Before it's overseas, the (?) odor I feel like a soul in me
Bag it up in ziplocks, place the order for a quarter key
He say "how much I owe you?" told him "(?) it's worth more a G"
Eyes out for them robbers, weapon hotter for minorities
(?) fiends and crackheads, they annoyin' me
Drug peddlin', I got that better shit
Some niggas sell you medicine, ain't got a business etiquette
Ricky got that regiment, whenever I'm out I'm sellin' it
Don't get caught nigga if the coppers come, nigga I ain't sell you shit
Shippin' is my avarice, lil niggas shippin' hella bricks
Just give me a beaker and blender cause this dope gon' need some measurin'

[Verse 3: La Chat]
You already know it's Chat, La Chat with the gat, I keep that sack
I keep the pills, that drank, that hard, that snort, that gas, I call it thrax
Cross the bridge still on that shit, I'm major but I'm trappin' loco
Still got good deals for the low tho, six months I'mma be worldwide hoe
I'm hangin' out on the block, I keep that fat knot in my sock
And don't you play cause I'm a bitch, a bitch that tote that forty Glock
Duckin' these problems, duckin' these robbers on a mission to get my cash
Fuck you bitches that's (?) snort, I took the spot and you now mad
I'm a hustler, bitch you ain't, I get money, hoe you can't
And bitch don't try to get in my way cause you get smoked just like a joint
Lil Lord Infamous what it do? Locodunit I fucks with you
I'm so connected with the plug, mane hit me up, let's get this loot
Yeah