[Hosts Commentary: Vents]
Ninteen-ninty-nine. Classic, classic, classic shit off the Rock Da City Comp by Dedlee. "32 Lines" remade by Suffa. Let's go!

[Ad-Libs: Suffa]
Much respect, Dedlee. These MCs think they're tall, man. They're just standing on your shoulders. Dummies

[Verse: Suffa]
Here to serve you through rhyme, I got thirty-two lines
To [?] my verbals to put you in servitude
For those who heard it, dude standby, man my
Rhymes can separate heads from spines like they're tan lines
I don't settle for second best like a wingman
So don't meddle in my life like you're settlers from England
They came for my rhymes not my torso, more so
It's not a killer floor show, it's a killing floor, bro
When I'm about to battle and grapple with no gravel, that'll
Have all the veins popping out of my neck like an Adam's apple
No man's seein' Suf' like the abominable
Snowman, their eyes wired shut like they're Tom and Nicole
Listen man, I'm dissin' them in my discipline
I master [?] and whippin' snares into position when
I used to think this was too hard and just looked to the
Path that was carved by the avant-garde, the vanguard
The fighters that charted this [?] didn't wait around
I harnessed the darkness and started to break new ground
But buyer beware there's half-arsed vinyl out there
The era we're entering, man they'll press up anything
But if it's down with the G.E., then see it must
Be the MP3 or CD (it's classic)
Believe me, remember when (when) we dropped The Calling [?]
Ten-year membership, it's come to this. So all them (who?)
Challengers will rip out your heart like Kali Ma
"I give you the works, you know, the pasta and the salad bar"
Now we have all [?] in these acapella battle style
But they know that their talents are far from my clan's calibre
It's not a matter of hip-hop trends, we was
Spit box friends, it's not if but when
Lee's retired so we'll say it for him
"My demo's more deadly when you play it again"

[Hosts Commentary/Segue: Vents]
All that scratching is making me...