[Hosts' Commentary: Sesta & K21]
Oh my lord! What we got next, K?
We got some brand new Hilltop Hoods, and this time around they've paired up with Notes to Self
Exclusive!
This track's called "All of the Above". What it is?!
(No—No—No—No—No—No—No—No—Notes to self)

[Intro: Rage Roshin]
Let's do it

[Verse 1: Rage Roshin]
Fresh 59Fifty with the hat brim flat
Keep the sticker on the fitted till the hat brim crack, boy
The V-Neck sweater with the H&M skinny jeans
You can hear the bass for like eight to ten city streets
African's trailer trash, Arkansol raise 'em bad
Barkin' dogs, pimpin' in the parking lot, Raiders hats
Wild style, fade to black, Ralph Lauren babysat
Bathing Ape, 808s, tryna bring the '80s back
Twenty second hand shakes, band-aids up on your cheek
Rollin' your pant legs up to your knee
You got lil kids imitating big time rappers
Tinfoil grills from the Kit Kat wrappers
Bags full of Krylon, bags full of work
Your initials on your hat, on your chain, on your merch
Old school with NES game on a shirt
Girl backstage blowin' like the game doesn't work

[Chorus (Scratches): Rage Roshin (DJ Dopey)]
Rap music, come on, so fresh
"Big brolic, rope, chains and Tashini suits
E.K.'s, Gazelli frames, British Knights and troops"

[Verse 2: Swamp Donkey]
Sick '69 Chevy with the windows cracked
Keep it pimpin' so it's tinted with the windows black
Roc-A-Fella battle axe, acapella battle rap
All white leather on an aqua velva Cadillac
Record shoppin' and record shoppin'
Patiently waitin' for the day that your label say that your record is droppin'
Wearin' Khakis and Duncs, tryna rap when you're drunk
Selling CDs out the back of ya trunk
Samurai Champloo, brand new Nikes on ya feet
Getting tattooed right to your sleeve
Buying kicks and hats, tryna mix and match
Making tough decisions with a fifth a Jack
Swishes, full of sticky green, sippin' with your pinky ring
Writing rhymes on your phone, listenin' to Lykke Li
Late night catching up on One Tree Hill
Having boys with the first name "Young", "Big", "Lil'"

[Chorus (Scratches): Swamp Donkey (DJ Dopey)]
It's rap music, come on
"Big brolic, rope, chains and Tashini suits
E.K.'s, Gazelli frames, British Knights and troops"

[Verse 3: Bronze One]
Size twelve new Bucks with the midsole black
Keep the keychain on it, Timbos till the midsole crack, dude
The Jumpman tee with the box of [?]
Hand on your nuts 'cause you wanna be in videos
College kid, Hollygrove, politic, [?]
Scarface, Facemob, scarves made of herringbone
8 Mile, aerosol, fake car stereo
B.D.P., B.O.B., "Welcome to the Terrordome"
[?] tapes where your Samsung sits on your waist
Lil Penny talkin' shit at the break
Parked red Impala with the sunroof stored
Dark Redskin bomber that they jump you for
Funk Flex, Crazy Legs, Nardwuar, Sway & Tech
Flippin' through The Source mag, Carhartt, Avirex
Worn ass buttons on that NPC
Means nothin' to a sucker choppin' MP3's

[Chorus (Scratches): Bronze One (DJ Dopey)]
Rap music
"Big brolic, rope, chains and—big brolic—big brolic
"Big brolic, rope, chains and Tashini suits"

[Verse 4: Pressure]
Cold venomous [?] and old demo cassettes
Forgotten soul, we could rock your whole set off the decks
Lost Big Boss, Bruce Lee, B.I.G. dropped "Juicy"
With L and Pun, now the best "Big"s gone to sleep
Cuttin' and scratchin' while rappin' at the same time
Nothin' ain't happenin' then we graffin' on the train line
Don't know how to act, Cube as himself though
Don't know how to dress, Puma's or Shelltoe?
Black jacket, puffer sweater, max swag and tough as leather
Listin' up my top five rappers at another [?]
What's it all about? Slang thick, talkin' 'bout
Records that are still classic: Illmatic, SlaughtaHouse
Understated, underrated, most of us are underpaid, but
It's the hunger and I love to celebrate the ones who made it
Ayo, you're better off droppin' a verse
In strip clubs 'cause you can't touch my body of work

[Chorus (Scratches): Pressure (DJ Dopey)]
Rap music
"Big brolic, rope, chains and Tashini suits
E.K.'s, Gazelli frames, British Knights and troops"

[Verse 5: Suffa]
Ayy
It's like walkin' down bombed out corridors or watchin'
Worn out copies of Warriors and Wanderers
The coroners report's on Notorious B.I.G
Big Pun, Big L, Paul C, KMG
R.I.P. all five, five point [?]
Diggin' in the crates like I'm Diamond D, since Ice T
Ice Cube, Just-Ice and [?]
Chill Rob G, Ice Dog, plus Kid Frost
The point is that it's cold as a New York winter
Exiting a two-door, smoking Newport's in the
Freezing cold, it's Easy Mo Bee, Ol' Dirty
See Kid Capri cutting up Kid Creole 33
RPMs, chopping Parliament
Notes to Self take it back to the start again
Back to the heart again, take it back to the
[?] Mardi Gras again

[Chorus (Scratches): Suffa (DJ Dopey)]
It's rap music
"Big brolic, rope, chains and Tashini suits
E.K.'s, Gazelli frames, British Knights and troops"