[Intro: Sample 1]
"When people hear about some psycho killer, it can lead them to thinking about the nature of evil, which leads to thoughts about right or wrong – bad or good."
"All that thinking can get ugly."
"Yeah! You don’t want to consider a crack like that. You just want them to go through their routine of living their lives."
"What do you do to gut their souls?"

[Verse 1: Suffa]
I was granted an audience in the devil's maze
I sat by his throne and we talked for days
He told me about his ancient battles with arch-angels
He told me loneliness was the torture most painful
He said if I filled my lifetime with sin
I could earn myself a seat that was right by him
And if I didn't, that was fine by him
Cos everyday a million souls just fly right in
He could barely keep up with the souls of all the people
It's not easy being sole controller of all evil
He said "So many people want to burn with me
I swear free will's a bitch and so's eternity
So what you learn from me might save you from suffering
You don't want to see the bowels of the earth rupturing
Take a breath, suck it in, I got more to tell
And time's of no consequence when you're in hell"

[Interlude: Sample 2]
"What do you do to gut their souls?"
"I don’t do squat anymore. They do it all for you."
"I’m not sure I’m following."
"Mankind has progressed to a point in its dim-witted history where life has been drained of all of its enchantment."

[Verse 2: Suffa]
I had a lot of questions, I asked the devil to explain...
Why I always think that people have it in for me?
And why I always feel like the sky's closing in on me?
This is what he said
"The sky's not falling it's just angels committing suicide
Cos they're so saddened by humans using genocide
As a political tool, considering all you humans have
The way you act belittles you all
Now hell is so full that we started expanding
Damnation is a business and the markets demanding"
I asked him if a city street buckled and cracked
And hell rose to earth then would heaven collapse?
He smiled; I knew that smile was his response
I thought to myself, he's almost got what he wants
He said "I'll tell you my one desire
That's for earth itself to become my empire
Every politicians like a gun for hire
Even the church of nativity's come under fire
So you can tell I'm getting close to my goal
Of creating a world where I can torture every soul"

[Hook]
Sitting with the devil, this is what I learned
Apart from the ways a human soul can be burned
It's that though we learn from our mistakes we're condemned
To make those same mistakes again and again
Sitting with the devil, this is what I learned
Apart from the ways a human soul can be burned
It's that though we learn from our mistakes we're condemned
To make those same mistakes again and again
Again and again, again and again, again and again

[Breakdown]
And time keeps, time keeps slipping away
Like I keep, I keep slipping away
Like time keeps, time keeps slipping away
Like I keep, I keep slipping away
Like time keeps, time keeps slipping away
Like I keep, I keep slipping away
Like time keeps, time keeps slipping away
Like I keep, I keep slipping away, I keep slipping away...

[Outro: Sample 3]
"Mankind has progressed to a point in its dim-witted history where life has been drained of all of its enchantment. All you got to do is sit back and enjoy."