[Verse 1: Illy (Suffa)]
What up world?
How's this for a statement of intent?
What up Hilltops? (Yo, Illy-Illy Al, check!)
We got them knuckleheads hands full so they clenching fists
No small feat would step to this
Hang off him, surgical work tracks
Get fat and flayed off him
Haystack it ain't coffin
Bowled over the batsman the fact this ain't gotham
I talk snow and powders white caps it ain’t Hotham

[Verse 2: Suffa (Pressure)]
Swing from a building like King Kong
Eat em' up and, spit out a pussy like some Thailand ping pong
Monstrous, Nietzsche: God killer, godzilla
Controversial like Ice-T dropping cop killer
I'm off kilter like a naked scotsman, often
Holding court like Kim-Jong and Rodman
My rhymes are like my heart, a little left of centre
To the left is pressure, (feeling fresh as ever)

[Hook: Pressure, Illy and Suffa]
We funnel through the train yards
Through the tunnels and the drains
We're coming down, we're coming down
From the rooftops, from the hills
We're running through abandoned buildings
Coming down, we're coming down!
We're coming...


[Verse 3: Pressure (Illy)]
Man these rappers are so roped for a quote
They attack on my character
Download, home phone and apertures
To capture a dose of the most potent caliber
And napper my geneomes for a clone like Gattaca
(So spectacular) Throw stroke and amateur
The coroner's notes wrote overdosed vernacular
So known, the carrier, phone broke the barrier
From south of the globe to the frozen coasts of Canada

[Verse 4: Illy & Suffa]
I'd never phone it in, live wire on short call list
Pick it up if the situation calls for it
Switching country's when summer's done
Is my take on what a sure fall is
Bringing high power to tall orders
With more rhymes than him, boast
With more lines to sync
But look right you get more lines with big hooks
And if it's a big look, then you get more biters
All these kids are crooks, but call themselves writers

[Hook: Pressure, Illy and Suffa]
We funnel through the train yards
Through the tunnels and the drains
We're coming down, we're coming down
From the rooftops, from the hills
We're running through abandoned buildings
Coming down, we're coming down!
We're coming...


[Verse 5: Suffa (Illy)]
There is the stage and, that is a drum track
I'm like illy from been there, done that
Every time we come back they treat it like a come back
Only because we got that dope that don't go turn your lung black
This a fun fact for all you futile little rug rats
Pupils of this shit I'll pierce your pupil with a thumb tack
(Oh you just got here?) You're gonna wanna unpack
I gotta lotta bullets and I fuel up for the comeback

[Verse 6: Pressure (Illy)]
Excuse me like, fatality, facing the great tragedy
Now, rappers actually making a base salary
Ain't it, so safe until the day we create anarchy
(Out for fame) Then paint my name in the state gallery
Daily event for us, Saying that we're menaces
But we the voice they can't contain with the genesis
Like you gonna up lift weighing all your sentences
Playing with these dangerous percentages

[Verse 7: Illy (Pressure)]
Right... because 10 to 1 (Fair game) and 10 more? (Bout' same)
They can outgun, no matter I can out aim
Yeah, they left swallowing sour grapes and bitter pills
I'm first flight to Adelaide to hit the hills
A humble student in the undisputed
Crush em all, we ain't nuns or booth
Hi haters, saying fuck my music
I'm on a track with the hoods what the fuck ya'll doing

[Hook: Pressure, Illy and Suffa]
We funnel through the train yards
Through the tunnels and the drains
We're coming down, we're coming down
From the rooftops, from the hills
We're running through abandoned buildings
Coming down, we're coming down!
We're coming...