[Intro: Drapht]
I'm a little bit mad!
I'm a little crazy!
I'll kill you!

[Verse 1: Drapht]
They call me Mr De-De-De-Delusional
Institutional type, beautiful
Unconstitutional juvenile
Can't be pinned down like voodoo dolls
I'm all romance, I won't slow dance with puppets
Dusting off knuckle-dusters for justice
What the fuck is this world we livin' in?
Seven billion idiots stuck in Darwinian
Acting like cavemen, we don't play!
Chased them back in the cave yelling Don Quixote
Don Quixote, Don Quixote
Cause I'm kind of sick of the real world the most days
Hey no, it's not okay, no way José
This world broke me
Now I'm crazy like a coked out dope fiend
Wanna fight any type acting like Joffrey
Yo P Della spot me (What up, P?)
"Sup De-Rapht yo man we thought we lost you?" (What?!)
How you lose a man on the dance floor dressed in a Ned Stark costume?

[Chorus]
Don Quixote, yo
Don Quixote, way-oh
Don Quixote, way-oh-oh-oh
See I've been tilting that windmill since I was born
The wind hits my sail and I'm gone
Don Quixote

[Verse 2: Suffa]
I'm losing my sanity girl
I've been creating an imaginary world
Like I was on peyote, living in a fantasy world
I'm a bandit that's abandoned the self
Not Bon Jovi, but I'm wanted dead or alive
In my head I might not ever survive
As I run from coyotes, shouting
"Are you men or you mice?"
Wielding my pen like a knife
Now, now, now hopefully
You don't see this as a sickness
I ain't lost the plot, I lost interest
In the everyday and I mean every day
On safari, in my head it's like a getaway
And it's never a dull moment
Living in my skull where anything can happen
From one moment
To the next adventure
Till I'm bankrupt, hand-cuffed, or a wretch in dentures

[Chorus]
Don Quixote, yo
Don Quixote, way-oh
Don Quixote, way-oh-oh-oh
See I've been tilting that windmill since I was born
The wind hits my sail and I'm gone

[Verse 3: Pressure]
Monday's a bitch at the factory, me and the drones
Someday I'll switch the gravity, keeping me prone
And escape is a nice thought, but dangerous type talk
When your manager may be a cyborg (there he is!)
I stay calm and acted alright (he touched my shoulder!)
He may plant a tracking device (oh shit!)
He now knows the card in which I'm playing
There he goes again downloading data from my brain
Suddenly there's a blackout, time to act and leave
Through the back unseen, avoid tractor beam
Don't wanna make trouble so if I pace subtle
I can make an escape to my space shuttle
Through a dark alley where gases are gathering
Avoiding the assassins of the Labyrinth
They say under these grounds there a grave in every paver
Sneak past the mounted surveillance with the lasers
To my time machine to a time already been
When my life was like a dream and I smiled at everything
Brushed a tracer off my back, accelerator flat
Man I'm gone, no way I'm going back!

[Bridge: Drapht & Suffa]
I'm the D—O—N, see?
I live life like you D—O—N—T
And that's why they're filling with E—N—V—Y
'Cause my life is the B—O—M—B
One more time, I'm the D—O—N, see?
I live life like you D—O—N—T
And that's why they're filling with E—N—V—Y
'Cause my life is the B—O—M—B
It's a Don!

[Chorus (Extended)]
Don Quixote, yo
Don Quixote, way-oh
Don Quixote, way-oh-oh-oh
See I've been tilting that windmill since I was born
The wind hits my sail and I'm gone
Don Quixote, yo
Don Quixote, way-oh
Don Quixote, way-oh-oh-oh