[Segue/Commentary: [?]]
...Mixtape 2012, you done know

[Verse 1: Suffa]
I’m wondering where the day went
The clouds have me shrouded in grey but
I’m still out pounding the pavement, word
Drowning the hurt by pounding rounds in brown paper
Founded a label now I’m drowning paperwork
But now the crew I’m down with found an escape from work
And I love it ‘cause that what your hard work gets you
My heart bursts through my chest I’m rescued
So forget what the rest do
I’m blessed to do it with two of who are the best to do it
Do I love it?

[Verse 2: Pressure]
Look at our goals
If we never stood in the cold we wouldn’t evolve
Used to put my crooked foot in what I couldn’t resolve
But took control now, hard work is good for my soul
And I love it, growing through life and stress
Knowing the fight is just half of self-imposing our righteousness
Contract owners and licenses, showbiz in lights we’re just
Searching for that moment of pricelessness

[Chorus: Sia]
B-Boys, I met you at the bus stop
We had nothing but the tuck shop
We had school ties, the sky and the hilltops
Now we’re all grown up and it’s still about hip-hop
I love it, I love it

[Verse 3: Suffa]
Five days deep in the booth, and spent Friday leaping through loops
Then spent the weekend sideways, seeking the truth
And I won’t lie they keep me on my toes these days
But I won’t lie; hey I beat ‘em with the flow for days
‘Cause I love it, a pen and pads like a red rag to a bull
I see red like Leningrad
Raising a crowd from a vacant lot’s like, like how?
Raising a brow on the face of god right? Right now

[Verse 4: Pressure]
And I love it a life with no regret
No success without a price that owes a debt
I roll the dice and despite the road ahead
Hope that in a crisis I might just know the ledge
But I love it like take away beer
And a sunset to lay away our day-to-day fears
See haters under rates us but this status takes years
And it ain’t where we’re at; it’s how we made our way here

[Chorus: Sia]
B-Boys, I met you at the bus stop
We had nothing but the tuck shop
We had school ties, the sky and the hilltops
Now we’re all grown up and it’s still about hip-hop
I love it, I love it

[Verse 5: Suffa]
And we can be in a hotel, worst part of town and
Support act, we ain’t half as loud but
Twice as nice you can ask the crowd then
We passing out in a departure lounge and
I love it; I hug the road like an old friend
Like the world won’t revolve unless we’re rolling on it
It holds them on it, it‘s soul melodic
And oh they want it and I love it

[Verse 6: Pressure]
Been chasing the dream
Everyday a new place, new faces and scene
Living out a suitcase few breaks in between
There’s been very few days I’d loose faith in my team
Got love far from home through the winter and summer
No matter how hard the road or the distance I cover
Even bitter when I’m missing my significant other
I wouldn’t trade it for the world given another
‘Cause I love it…

[Chorus (Extended): Sia]
B-Boys…
B-Boys, I met you at the bus stop
I love it, I love it
We had nothing but the tuck shop
I love it, I love it
We had school ties, the sky and the hilltops
I love it, I love it
Now we’re all grown up and it’s still about hip-hop
I love it, I love it

[Outro: Pressure, Suffa & Sia]
Come on
Adelaide, London
Melbourne, Sydney
T Dot, New York
Zurich
I love it, I love it
I love it, I love it
I love it, I love it

[Commentary 2: Sweatshop Union]
Ayy, what's up. This is Sweatshop Union from Vancouver BC, and this is the 2012 Golden Era Mixtape. Huge shout out Hilltop Hoods, Funkoars, Briggs and Vents for doing this shit proper. Peace!

[Commentary 3: Prevail]
Yo, wassup y'all? This is Prevail from Swollen Members, Battle Axe Warriors. Giving a shout out to the Hilltop Hoods, [?] wassup