[Commentary: Suffa]
Yo, for real, Trials and K21 are running this mixtape right now; we're just sitting back and watching (Hey Sol!) Trigga come, gimme gore

[Verse 1: Trials]
Me and Moose-O, slicker than that figure Danny Zuko
Trials on the tiles like sudoku
Moose means decay, then K means to kill you
Said they have the touch but nobody wanna feel you
Finished in the lab with a slab 'bout half past ten
Walkin' past the cop shop, singin' Baha Men
Me and 21, silent as a fuckin' drunk elephant
Tryna board the plane all hesitant
Get me back to Africa, back on Earth, dirt-class passenger
Went to seed again, but for the answer to
All of my stress, all of my life
All of my debts own all of my time
And it's fucking me up, got a little bit of bud in the backyard
Hopin' that the neighbourhood jacks aren't that smart
(Are you smart?) Had this appetite and didn't even spoil it
'Cause I don't wanna eat it if it isn't really Soylent

[Intermission: Trials]
I wanna bite some body parts, dawg. Mmm, I wanna bite some feet!
(L'chaim.)

[Verse 2: K21]
It's K-diggity, bring you that tragedy like Gaddafi
When it's war, I go all out on your cavalry with my army
That's the G-E crew and we're knee-deep, ain't PG
And if you disagree, you're gettin' more palms than Fiji
They talk that heat, sweet, then go and mention me
Like tweet-tweet, then they hittin’ delete?
What the fuck’s with that man? I need another CAT scan
Instead I spent the money for the fee all on the lap dance
Only fit for trashcans, where sewer rats hang
It’s Da Nang stone, walk a mile to snatch
We ain’t fuck with snares that hit your face bare like a backhand
When Trigga picks a beat I’m known to annihilate that
Riddle me that (it’s for the raps)
Shit on the track, puttin' haemorrhoids on your name
Every sixteen I deliver be like steroids for the brain, and I
All I got is my word and my crew that’s backin’ me
And my balls in a tank of Manatees that wrote this rap for me

[Intermission: Samples]
"Isn’t that beautiful?”
“Sol."
“Hmm?"

[Verse 3: K21]
Body parts for basslines, spittin' gristle, shittin' like Billy
Where I live in this city, ain’t nothin’ pretty that’s in me
Put my dick in this city, give ‘em the stick in this city
Hit the road, same shenanigans till we’re stiff in this city
My life’s like a sci-fi, drop bombs on your rom-coms
Squares will try to turn into oblongs when they’re on songs
Now no more Mr. Nice Guy, from now on you’ll only know what I’m like
When I’m blind from my ninth wine, and that’s the day that I die

[Verse 4: Trials]
Top to bottom tie-dyes
Parachutin’ from a slow-movin’ bike ride along a high-rise
Walkin’ in the room, collectin’ all them new side-eyes
Together with the Golden Era, disgustin' as hired guys
Yeah, I’m in a sewer with a seamstress
Doin’ just enough, like it’s Arnie speaking English
Now every time you clickin’ ‘em out
That means another three rappers got my dick in their mouth

[Outro: Trials]
Fuh! Muh! Muhmuh!
Kiss that!