[Intro: Flak]
Free yourself
Oh yeah. Certified Wise back in this motherfucker. Hittin' you over the head with some of the hardest hip-hop you'll ever hear. Check this out.

[Verse 1: Simplex]
Spit with the force of four guillotines, my fortitude forms a fortress
Fossilize the past, future flows are deemed flawless
I spit a rhyme, spit it clear, speed at heart
[?] had to break the world apart and make these artists martyrs of my orders
Written, written, nah, spitting, spitting, nah
Live with the speed of an infinite pitch of four five
I'll exceed with intelligence, switch to A.I
If you test my benevolence glitch, you'll all die

[Verse 2: Blockade]
I infected battle rages, pages of paragraphs
Raise Pressure then four steam like auto glaves
Bind together like fusion, spread pollution
Shock like electrocution in an institution
My solution's clear, I claim unchanged
The lame are deranged, arranged by strange names
Burning superstition, spitting ammunition (Uh)
Come challenge this thirteen letter, two word division

[Verse 3: Pressure]
The rap rebel of hired guns, black metal and iron lungs
Flat treble and height the drums
They say we act' feral when I was young
Swore I'ma never back-pedal or bite my tongue
The social alcoholic, flow so catastrophic
Till I drown in vomit and don't know how to stop it
Planning to test me? Fella, haven't you met me? (Pressure)
Welcome to the show, it's a family get together

[Verse 4: Trials]
You can catch Triggy Stardust, starkers
Startin' on a lager, motherfucking farting in your Starbucks
(Pwoah Stinka!) We stick groupies
Even if they all talk and no action like chic movies
(We the Funkoars!) All we got to do is hit the pub
Stay out drunk and never miss the sun like Xzibit does
So put your money where your mouth is, mate
Get punched in the face, and watch your date pick up your change
Tell it

[Interlude: Cuts by Staen 1]
"And we got the mass of a disco scratch"
"DJ Staen one" "Roll the cut" (like that!)
"Certi-certified heat speak, beat breaker"
"Comin' through your speaker"
(Yeah) "Go"

[Verse 5: Raph A.L]
It's Terra Firma, underrated, we were not ever created
Payed our dues and dissipated (Fuck 'em all!) They claim we faded
The hate it, [?] debate it, we bait them, then infiltrate 'em
Then they rate it, we laid it, played it; made it, so you're frustrated
Then caught the Certified orders, raps is running Southern borders
This slaughter that we bought up, got you caught up, and drinking water
You wanna be a supporter? The thought of wisdom is flawless
They thought of the mental slaughter; reward, I thinking mortars

[Verse 6: Trauma]
Still spitting that grammatical grammar as hard as granite
Specialising in the building schematics to build planets
Inhabit with those static erratic, they feeling panicked
I cram these traumatic effects this Titanic
Think I'm mad? It's systematic to heads who'll understand it
Hip Hop, I'm just a slammer for those who've got to have it
Dynamic B-boys, scratch addicts and rap fanatics
The Certified, Terra Firm' traumatical classics

[Verse 7: Edits]
Exceed dump ya, cause the industry to rupture
Corrupting infrastructure like the KGB in Russia
We're bit crushers, destroy your crew's dynamics
And what we write stands out like usin' Italics
And while you're loose and erratic, delusions are tragic
We get the records spinning round, like Utes in a paddock
Leaving mic's bruised and battered after seventy-five bars
Edits, After Hours, Certified Wise; all stars

[Verse 8: Suffa]
HILLTOP!
We're more fun than a drinkin' pilot
We turn wall flowers and shrinkin' violets
(Into what?) [?] then we gonna ride the line
Until we're blue in the face like Michael Sky
Been stepping out, worldwide, taking out your girl, guy
Till the girl guy ratio at the shows is all girls, guys
So guys, girls, ladies, gentleman and freaks
Settle in and suck upon the venom when I [?]
Come on

[Interlude: Scratches by DJ Snare]
"Any forms of wackness, won't be tolerated"
"When you step to the-" "Certified Wise"
"DJ Snare" "Roll the cut"
"Roll that shit"
"Bring it back now"
"Motherfucker what?"
"Certified Wise got a hold of ya"

[Verse 9: Flak]
Fucking Déjà vu, it's the greatest crew
Representin' Adelaide like Graham Manou
And what we came to do, is rip the ones of the nation
With Certified dope; the cunts that you're facing
We founded the mecre of Aussie hip-hop
And Snoop and Pharrel couldn't drop it this hot
With the squad that we've got, we dominate the contest
And no one's gonna fuck or ever stop the progress

[Verse 10: Hons]
Yeah, I stick it in but only if her mouth's clean
Piss and lips lube up my shaft like Valvoline
My dick vicious no doubt
They say ginger good for the throat so girl, please put this in your mouth
Yeah, we Certified Wise, we nice
Like a large black bean in a serve of fried rice
Wash it down with Sahki and Bose, till we neck 'em, all
Punchlines that swing and hit harder than a wreckin' ball

[Verse 11: DJ Debris]
DJ Debris rockin' the mic
Love kicks, got a whole box for my boxes of Nikes
When I die, freeze me and Logic on ice
So they can know rap music, and what it was like
I'm a Crossbred Mongrel, who wants to beef
You don't want me, Flak and Flee off the leash
And that goes double, for Terra Firma
Hunt it down like monks wearing red into Burma

[Verse 12: Headlock]
We got a spark for rhyming, this is art in writing
The heart is frightening, my brain's a jar of lightning
The dark that I bring got you playin' the song
Certified got more members than Anime Prom
And we all as nasty, I'm the razor in the Pastie
The bamboo manicure; none surpass me
When I'm rocking in the booth, I'm knocking in your tooth
After Hours stayin' underground like Austrian youth
And that's truth

[Interlude: Scratches by DJ Jugular]
"It's like this, yo" "Certified" "Wise"
"Don't you know we bring it hot?"
"Like this, yo, so hear me" "Bring it on back"
"It's like this, yo" "Certified" "Wise"
"Jugular man" "Bring it hot?"
"Yes" "Bring it on back"

[Verse 13: Sesta]
Ayy
Everybody got something to say
Some of them play, pulling the trigger, but they ain't aimed
Huh, some of them been born and raised in Adelaide
With sick form and a flow like a Bin law
Criminal might, with minimal force
Mean you been living the lie; probably been here before
(Maggot) Seek the Wise, this is Certified
And why you never even stuck it in your wife, 'cause she fertilised

[Verse 14: Mic Lez]
M-I-C, L-E-Z lethal
You thought it was safe, well, guess what? Here's the sequel
Another chapter, capture an actor and send him back to
Steal your script and spit you writ right back at ya
We're known to fracture minds, ever since back in time
No elements left behind, need evidence? Check the rhyme
And what you'd find would be no surprise
Nothing but the real shit, it's Certified Wise

[Verse 15: Kolaps]
Certified cypher, now Kolaps is in the middle
As I scribble my initial and piddle upon your riddle
For talking your shit-dribble, I'm far from acting civil
My minds mad nimble if you come to take a nibble
You can't harm an army of verbal kamikazes
And if you're running shows like a dodgy (Uhh?)
It's just not cricket, you can take it and stick it
From the pommy, it's an Aussie actor; wicked

[Verse 16: Integer]
Integer words, inevitable unpredictable
Bring it to Certified, incredibly done lyricals
Words set become rituals that make the heavens murmur
Carved into stone solid, like Terra Firma
Harness our own energy, created a timeless theme
Beyond diamond rings and all these spineless whiffs
Little mindless whinge, we piss on veronic fakes
Spit it till sonic shake, and shift the tectonic plates

[Interlude: Scratches by DJ Reflux]
"You got it" "DJ—J
Reflux" "On the cut"
"Dru-dru-dru-dru-drunkoars in the building"
"We certified" (yeah)
"And if you didn't know it"
"Forget it" "We the owners"
"Now you—Now you know my friends"
"We the owners"

[Verse 17: Vents]
Yo
[?] grey matter while I put the vodka in my bladder
The baby in your belly, fear tomorrow, doesn't matter
Who the biological dad? The Devil might start
[?] so blood not thicker [?]
Think of your friend as a fellow who ain't fucked you thus far
So keep 'em close when they're coming for your heart
'Cause the one you trust [?] twice as much
Pour bleach on a wound, bubble up like us
[?] with a busted lung, constable
Got heavy with your loved one just for fun
We just begun, [?]
Certified Wise sucker, damn straight
I'm sick with a blade, everybody getting torn
Nothing free, my thoughts in a commodity form
Terra Firm' got my back, that's that, we're the red and the black?
The kid from the west-side, it's a rap
What?

[Scratches by DJ Dyems]
"DJ"
"I rep where I come from"