Frank151 ft. Guru and Johnny Famous - “Guru and Johnny Famous Freestyle (Frank151 - That Grown Man)”
[Produced by DJ Premier (Original Instrumental from Royce Da 5'9" - "Boom")]

[Intro: Guru and PF Cuttin]
Guru: Yo.  Frank151.  Uh.  Yeah, my nuzzle.  Straight like dizzle, Brooklizzle in the house.  Oh boy, your man Mr. Guru, Gang Starr.  Repping for Premier and my old team.  It’s how we do.  Yo
PF Cuttin: Yeah, it’s your boy Guru featuring Johnny Famous.  It’s That Grown Man Part 2

[Verse 1: Guru]
They say you ain’t
Supposed to mix business with pleasure, but I mix
The Henny with the hypnotic, cock back the lever
Bring it back to the days of “now or never.”  The black
Anguilo make ‘em bounce forever.  O.M.T.:
Old Man Thug.  OG rhyming bald head
With a young man mug.  Uh.  Codename
Is Baldhead Slick, making y’all get sick
From my infectious aura bagging all your chicks
Call it quits.  Flushed, hear my toilet shit
It’s why they love me.  Keep burners oiled and shit
Suckers squirm and shit.  They got no respect
I’m enjoying this shit.  I got no regrets
From the hood to the corporate, give up your goods and forfeit
This is George Foreman style: I’ma grill some more shit

[Verse 2: Johnny Famous (AKA Big Scoob)]
Johnny Famous, I fucked your bitches.  What?
Homo niggas is snitches
One for the mellow, two for the flow (My flow)
7:45, nigga head in Synco
Brooklyn.  Fuck your style.  I’m too gully
Saratoga, Pitkin Ave. trying to mug me
I spit like winter cold: so sick
Raw like the voice from Eartha Kitt
Man, I’m blessed.  Don’t test.  Who’s stressed?
I aim for your head—nigga, fuck your vest
One, nigga, two, nigga, three, nigga, four
Mixtape hopeful in school hit the door
I freestyle off the top of the head
Most of y’all niggas is fed, eyes red
Fuck y’all.  I’ll buck one shot, two
What y’all gonna do when Trendsetters come through?
M.O.P., Laze, and Gurizzy
Make any bitch nigga head get dizzy

[Outro: Guru]
Straight like that.  My man Scoob, AKA Johnny Famous.  I am the wizard Guru.  That’s right.  AKA Baldhead Slick.  AKA Old Man Thug.  Uh, representing Gang Starr and all that and all that.  We doing this live, worldwide.  No jive, son.  I’m the live one.  Peace to Frank151.  Yeah, baby.  It’s Grown Man shit.  I planned this shit, stupid