[Intro: Makzilla & Big Scoob]
Scoob, I feel what you saying, bro but, man, you always talking about Moon, stars, quasars. I mean, man,  you sound like Elroy Jetson or some shit, bro
I'm saying though, like, there's more to me than just gold tooth gangsta shit, you dig?
I feel you
Like, like I'm on some enlighten the world Like teach these young niggas something, know what I'm talkin' 'bout? Let a muthafucka that there's more to life, man
Ain't nobody teach me shit

[Verse 1: Big Scoob]
Sick of the truth, searching for proof
Who do I ask? Who's in the loop?
Locked away answers, I need the key
It has to be something y'all keeping from me
Ashes to ashes, dust to dirt
Walking this Earth, but what am I worth
Breath in this body and blood in these veins
The body's a rental, how long am I staying?
Scatter my mental, I'm kinda resentful
All of these lies, it could've been simple
Whatever I make it, acknowledge and growth
Out of this matrix, I'm out of this hole
Rotting away, it's eating my soul
Hungry for knowledge and eager to grow
Truth in the lies and I realize
I must go get it if I want to thrive
Push it aside, I feel it inside
I'm wasting my time if I'm meant to fly
But who am I? Help me define
The man in the mirror with pain in my eyes
Trapped in the struggle and fighting the fire
Every desire's the way that I'm wired
Asking for passage, show me the light
Chase it, embrace it with all of my might

[Hook: Big Scoob]
I'm looking at the Moon and stars
Amazing how they fill the sky
Gazing out the sunroof
Tripping off of God's design
I don't even smoke weed
Feel me? I ain't even high
Can't sleep at night, my brain got me asking questions - why?

[Post-Hook: Stevie Stone]
Where do we come from?
Quasars up in my eyes
Truth behind God's design
Got me asking questions like

[Verse 2: Krizz Kaliko]
Why do what I do when I was raised right?
And how I'm watching Pornhub on the late night?
Momma praised the Lord, maybe I ain't pray right
I been searching for my soul in the dark, but in the daylight
Ain't supposed to look at niggas like I look at 'em
Hold my finger and shook at 'em
Cops is popping 'em all through, then bookin' 'em
People ain't seeing no good in 'em
In God we trust and He's in us
And ain't no Heaven above
Pray while I'm still breathing that people seeing that the Heaven is love
See that's what I think
I don't sleep at night, I just blink
Will I ever get rich off this while I'm just stressing and losing my hair in the sink
Our mind is a gold mine that I think we just sitting on
On this planet we living on
They say for my seed's speed is too fast for roots to slither on
And can't forget that I was stolen
Brought to this land that we living on
Why their descendants is loving me?
In prison, whatever I'm spitting on
Which way do I go?
I need to know, Father, before I die
Ain't got no manual to this shit
So I'm still asking "Why?"

[Hook: Big Scoob]
I'm looking at the Moon and stars
Amazing how they fill the sky
Gazing out the sunroof
Tripping off of God's design
I don't even smoke weed
Feel me? I ain't even high
Can't sleep at night, my brain got me asking questions - why?

[Post-Hook: Stevie Stone]
Where do we come from?
Quasars up in my eyes
Truth behind God's design
Got me asking questions like