[Intro]
Good-good-good-good-Work Charlie

[Chorus: Lil Baby]
I'm ridin' naan-nigga wave, know she do that (Ridin' a wave)
I was on the grind, where was you at? (Gettin' paid)
Foreign cost two-fifty, dash two-hundred, they go too fast (Skrrt)
I was in the prison pullin' hundreds in the shoe pack (In the shoe pack)
Now I walk in Lenox, spend some hundreds on the shoe rack (Real spit)
I was on the grind, where was you at? (Skrrt, where was you at?)
I was on the grind, where was you at? (Where was you at?, yeah, yeah)
I was on the grind, where was you at? (Skrrt, real spit)

[Verse 1: G Herbo]
Oh, your partna', he got shot up, where was you at?
Still lettin' that boy thug and hit the club like he ain't do that
I hit the strip club and spent a dub, but you knew that
Shit, on a fuck nigga, I do that, Off-White sneaks cost two racks (two racks)
Herbo where the fuck was you at?
Definitely wasn't wearin' no blue black
Fa' sho' I was right where the metal at
Had the black .45 my yellow ass (Uh huh)
Definitely wasn't wavin' no white flag (Uh uh)
Prolly shot left-hand on my right side
And the opps seen me with my mask on
High speeds me bruh took the Jag' home
Them [?] last long
Probably hit your ho with my du-rag on
Got her singin' to me, she like Teena Marie
Off a thirty, I been beatin' it for mad long (Mad long)
Switch it over, get the head, I'ma crash out
Bustin' all over her face, took a lash off (Uh huh)
Been gettin' that money all day, she like, "Where was you at?" (Uh)
I been waitin' my ass off
Swerve

[Chorus: Lil Baby & G Herbo]
I'm ridin' naan-nigga wave, know she do that (Ridin' a wave, swerve)
I was on the grind, where was you at? (Gettin' paid)
Foreign cars two-fifty, dash two-hundred, they go too fast (Skrrt)
I was in the prison pullin' hundreds in the shoe pack (in the shoe pack)
Now I walk in Lenox, spend some hundreds on the shoe rack (real spit)
I was on the grind, where was you at? (Where was you at?)
I was on the grind, where was you at? (Where was you at?)
I was on the grind, where was you at? (Skrrt, real spit)

[Verse 2: Lil Baby]
Go and get that money, no stop
Keep on stackin' it and put it up, I ain't got no charge
I'mma stand on side the stage like a fuckin' rockstar
I walk around with these bands but ain't got no guitar
I know as long as I pray, I know I'mma go far
Had to go against the odds, stand tall, and take charge
Most of the niggas flawed, they ain't hard, that's on God
Most of the niggas flawed, they ain't hard, that's on God, yeah

[Chorus: Lil Baby]
I'm ridin' naan-nigga wave, know she do that (ridin' a wave)
I was on the grind, where was you at? (gettin' paid)
Foreign cars two-fifty, dash two-hundred, they go too fast (Skrrt)
I was in the prison pullin' hundreds in the shoe pack
Now I walk in Lenox, spend some hundreds on the shoe rack (Real spit)
I was on the grind, where was you at? (Where was you at?, skrrt, skrrt)
I was on the grind, where was you at? (Where was you at? yeah, yeah)
I was on the grind, where was you at? (Skrrt, real spit)

[Outro: Lil Baby]
Ridin' a nigga wave, know she do that
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Real spit
I was on the grind, where was you at? (Where was you at?, skrrt)
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
I was on the grind, where was you at? (Skrrt)
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)