[Verse 1: J.V.]
I'm sittin in tha cut, smokin on wha?
Hataz betta watch out for tha butt
I bring it to ya, wha? Bring it from ya head to ya wha?
Yea, I'm real wit it, nigga wha? You wanna playa hate nigga, wha?
Yea I'm Slip-n-Slide nigga wha? You betta give a fuck
Feel yo body penetratin' though ya gut
You betta come quick 'fo some niggas come hatin', ya heard!!!
Before I get to burnin' ya, Slip-n-Slide turnin' ya

[Verse 2: Queen]
Queen can't be touched like hot potatoes
Every nigga I know keep a Glock for hataz
Let me know wha he doin' wit tha rocks
Nigga, let me know I'll run up in tha spot
Get me 2 steaks, a drank and lock down
Ain't no visualizin', like me now
Queen like drank, gotta stand my ground
Back up off me wit tha hands I clown
Slip-n-Slide on tha dump, if you wanna know wassup
If you know like I know bet not fuck

[Verse 3: The Lost Tribe]
We got tha weed in tha tote, nigga wanna deed, here I dont
Nigga bring tha B's for tha pump
Tribe comin' clean like a bitch
We gon hit yo town for a lick
Nigga, we dont run we attack em
Then you can't splack em
Nigga outta line so we had to subtract em
We keep it real, while ya'll counterfeit
Throw a glass when I can't, then a sign ya get
We gon do ya like a pound we get
So you betta stay from round my shit
Slip-n-Slide put me on tha list

[Chorus]
Miami, get on up!!! Atlanta, get on up!!!! Alabama, get on up!!!!
Mississippi, get on up!!! Houston, get on up!!! Carolina, get on up!!!
New Orleans, get on up!!! Chicago, get on up!!!

[Verse 4: SS]
If you ain't Slippin-n-Slide, how you ride?
You get yo head cracked open, when SS start collide
Whoa now, ay hold up boy, ain't no thang
To get off tha chain and steal ya Jordans
Ya get a stain on ya brain from tha Southeast
Once ya getta dick and some nuts in ya mouth, eats nigga
Ain't no click like this one
That'll make a jealous nigga wanna get a big gun
But it's too late cause we gon', my dawgs got tha AK, I got tha chrome
We finna chill at tha top like wha?
This game is a fat pussy finna get fucked, its like tha nigga

[Verse 5: Money Mark]
Slip-n-Slide til I die ass nigga
Pull a nigga ho in tha fly ass Jetta
And fuck on anotha
Stay smoked out, Money Mark stay loched out
Bicardi wit tha chokes out, hollerin folks out
When I go by hittin this, Slip-n-Slide ain't no forgettin' this
Eatin' on bitches cause I'm different
Pack Villangers, fuck hoes that's willin ta
Give up tha guts and let em smoke til they feel tha nut
Skeelo, bad bitches in Speedo's
And there will be no, where we go
See yo, doin what tha fuck we wanna do
Bust slugs and join ya crew, so wha you gon do?

[Chorus]
San Fran, get on up!!! Oakland, get on up!!!! Detroit, get on up!!!
Dallas, get on up!!! St. Louis, get on up!!!! Baltimore, get on up!!!
L.A. get on up!!! New York, get on up!!!

[Verse 6: Trick Daddy]
I'm into introducin' myself as tha greatest
No if, and buts or maybe's, unless you's a hata
So real niggas gon die by days, while you ho niggas cry
Why you fussin niggas lie?
Die by days, dont wanna hea about tha click you abound
You know a nigga wit a Benz like mines?
Same color, same yea like mines
Same model, same red like mines
Every ho I'm fuckin, you don fucked, bruh
And every bet I call, you matched ya 'lil sucka
You got beef wit 'ol boy model
Well shave ya head and get gold teeth like 'ol boy
Peepin my D's galore, lovin these skeeza hoes
How do you suppose? New clothes to change ya ho
You, fuck nigga, jus got to go, sucka

[Chorus]
Louisville, get on up!!! Robin Hood, get on up!!!!
Liberty City, get on up!!! Carol City, get on up!!!
Opalocka, get on up!!! 'Lil Haiti, get on up!!!
Overtown, get on up!!! Richmond Heights, get on up!!!
Purrine, get on up!!!! Ohhh, get on up!!!!
Seminola, get on up!!! Scott Projects, get on up!!!
Wentwood, get on up!!! Pork and beans, get on up!!!
22 Ave, get on up!!! 32 Ave, get on up!!!
Won't cha get on up!!! Get on up!!! Get on up!!!
Won't cha get on up!!! Get on up!! Get on up!!!
Get on up!!!! Won't cha get on up!!!! Get on up!!!!
Get on up!!! Get on up!!! Won't cha get on up!!!
Get on up!!! Get on up!!! Get on up!!! Won't cha get on up!!!!