[Verse 1]

I'm loving the plans to conquer the black man until infinity
But, still, I can't find a way to reverse the motions or a remedy
Now, I wish I could find a way to interrupt The White House in assembly
To convince the panels that laws are  biased and bogus, and that's my penalty
When I was penalized from the birth, in the ghetto I'm restricted
When all I see is police patrolling my hood and people that's drug convicted
[?Will I be?] a statistic for the pain the po po, on us, inflicted?
By a government flooding the ghetto with crack and putting us in business
Us [?within?] the minority--overusing seniority
[?] withing America. They brought majority
Paying taxes while the ESE's and blacks are slanging crumbs
Making 100 billion a year while we look like dum-dums
Incarcerated, 30,000 a year for prisoners
Only giving us 15,000 a year for welfare, can you envision them?
Hypocrisy going on within a society
I got kids and been in jail for theft, so I can't watch it quietly
Violently, I'm caught up in this here mass hysteria
Enemies, I'ma bury ya' starting with the government--America

[Hook]

America, America
I'm getting sick and tired of this mass hysteria
While we living in this communist society
America, America
X4

[Verse 2]

America is the topic
No logic is what they using, abusing they power
Are we free from slavery? It's confusing
I don't think so
We losing our youth while they keep on inducing and enhancing mo' laws--
While they should be trying to figure out a damn solution
Coming in the form of illusion, stripping us of our native tongue
Taking us from our tribal land, breaking us down and getting us sprung--
On material things like $money$
Taking all the jewelry from the original land of Africa
Even robbing the tombs of fucking mummies
Throughout history, his-story, talking about his-glory
Black people built the foundations of this land
What you done did for me? Besides po-ver-ty?
Racism is evident because they covered it up so sloppily
I'm a king that deserve a throne, and when I get it, they'll be no stopping me
But instead I'm locked up for cases like armed robbery
We used to be innocent souls, but now we killers like John Gotti
We crack babies, but maybe one day we'll overcome poverty
But until then, I'm [?] my enemies who got a Glock for me and a plot for me
Po po's gotta [?load they Glocks fo' me] --Uhhh
'Cause in the 60's Black Panthers was buried for using they tools
So tell me why the fuck we killing up each-other, foo--l

[Hook]