[Big Lurch]
When I was 8 years old I was introduced
To my first piece of poontang jumped up in it like a brand new Lexus Coupé
Wit a big ol' smile on my face skinnin' and grinnin' and dippin' up in it
I looked at (???) this funny ass feelin' so I said hold up wait one minute
Thought to myself, felt kinda good though, that shit was potent
4 or 5 minutes later my body just went into this jerkin' motion
Ever since then I've been sprung, it was the bomb
Humina hum (???)
All my homies off schemin' up ways to go and get some (???)
I wasn't dumb
While they was outside playin' dong down ditch and hide and go seek
Big Lurch was indoors playin' hide and go get it wantin' that meat
Sportin' the hell outta them KangaRoos that was on my feet
And my Toughskins was lookin' (???) fresher, the cleanest (???)
Tightly creased
(???) Fuck when he deceased Stevie back then with my nunchucks undercover
Too young to shoot cha but I had a big Bruce Lee boy nigga stalk your brotha
Who taught me the game and that's that thangs change never be the same
In a couple years it'll rearrange so don't be lame, be caught up mane
And that was the truth cuz now I'm 20 and life's corrupt
All of my childhood homies is dead or either in jail locked up
And as for me well Big Lurch simply don't give a fuck
Got 11 dead homies and I won't be 12
So I'm quick to buck

(Chorus) (x2)
Playa-hata-ism I'm not wit it
Them niggas be trippin' cuz I gets ménage à twizms and they don't get it
That's because they be lame in the brain
Them thangs that you searchin' for you has (???) you won't gain

Beep beep was the squad for the Houston? Naw
Someone called her up, she said it was her and the homegirl they're down fo'
Dizzamn, can it be mee-nage-ay-t-wizm time?
She put me on hold clicked over that phone and said it was fo' her moms
Thinkin' to myself this broad is dumb (???) Is ya homie with ya baby said "yeah"
Hung up the phone then I told my homie at midnight (???) Lynch was in
"For real Lurch?" "Now yeah can I go" "Hell naw, you better get cho own"
Hasta la vista, arrivederci, au revoir nigga I'm gone
Now when I arrived I was thinkin' to myself Big Lurch remain calm
So I reached into my pocket, pulled out a blunt and fired up the bomb
Walked in the door, went straight to the room, straight to the room
Took off my coat, shirt and pants, now I'm down to my Fruit of the Looms
Now her girlfriend had a big ol' backpack jeans and a pretty face when
Only thing on my mind was don't be havin' premature ejaculations
Took turns wit em over and left to right, dippin' in em all night
Despite the fact that her girlfriend had a man, I'm gon' get mine right?
So I did what I did, smoked a blunt after I finished wit her
The next day her boyfriend walked up to me and asked me did I hit her
Yeah I hit 'em both, its true
Guess I'm mo than a pimp than you
He swung, so I beat that foo
You can't playa hate no true!

(Chorus) (x2)
Playa-hata-ism I'm not wit it
Them niggas be trippin' cuz I gets ménage à twizms and they don't get it
That's because they be lame in the brain
Them thangs that you searchin' for you has (???) you won't gain

Why you playa hatin' me? I bet you don't even know
Is it because I gets twizms and you've never had one of them before?
Better yet you wouldn't know what to do, if you had two of them (???) lemons to you
Cuz it's how mama said, you wasn't even satisfyin' her damn foo
If I was walkin' less than a man cuz you let me in, scan (???)
Influence your mind and kill and kill again where your mark ass should have been (???)
Checkin' that squaw
Cheatin' on you cuz you was too small
Now you resortin' to usin' your balls
Sittin' in jail got caught by the laws
While she was still doin' what she do
You were in jail and she runnin' through
Every nigga in yo crew
Lettin' em get some twizms too
And that's a shame cuz she swang game on my dangalang dingaling swing-a-ding them guts daily
I save no squaws, I let hoes save me