Listen (x12)

Boo…
When you givin' Sunday to Monday
The ghetto lights flash like we dere pon de runway
The underground king, yeah... Do it the bun way
I pimp so you can see how you can do one day
What do you want, the Phantom or a Hyundai?
Honk your horn (BEEP BEEP) chill with the gun play
The ghetto yout sufferin' they needin a fun day
I’m bleedin’ to see you succeedin one day Me SEH!!!

[Hook]

Turn this up on your radio
They say they want that je-ne sais quoi well mine they keep go
We’re coming in through high definition on your stereo…
Takin' you higher than your supplier with the bag of dro…
My people singin' la la la la la la la la
They crushin' la la la la la la la la
They smokin' la la la la la la la la
La la la la la la la la

Easy… it is not to be me…
But I’ma pay the high price so I can be free (BOO!)
But of a high, bye, doesn’t it find me
I like rum with a twist of a lime and a lychee (YO!)
At's how de ting go some of them like me
And some of them will try anything to hype me
And never fall for the yes man on a pipe dream
Cause when you on your face none of them will be seen (Zaid!)
The whole scene is nothing but obscene
Fiends who use green trying to get you on their team (UH UH)
The way I was at sixteen
'as neva gone away everyday is a new ting (BOO!)
Aiyyo let me leave y'all with one ting
A man is not a man if he nah stand up for something
I stand firm you an a see me and I run tings
I RUN tings! With the propaganda they pumpin'
You KNOW!!!

[Hook]

Aiyyo!
And we givin' Sunday to Monday
The ghetto lights flash like we dere pon de runway
The underground king, yeah... Do it the bun way
I pimp so you can see how you can do one day
What do you in, the Phantom or a Hyundai?
Honk your horn BEEP BE-DE BEEP BEEP chill with the gun play
The ghetto yout sufferin' they needin a fun day
I’m bleedin’ to see you succeedin' one day…. Me SEH!!!

[Hook]

My people singing la la la la la la la la
They crushin' la la la la la la la la
They smokin' la la la la la la la la
La la la la la la la la