[Intro: F. Mills]
Yeah, fuck it. We going in man. Hustle (laughs)

[Verse 1: F. Mills]
Fuck it, went from riding in that squad car
Couple Years later went to driving in that squad car
Spooky ain't it
Sort of like the phantom of that opera
Them roles changed, uniforms
The gangs all proper
Chicas' say you shouldn't be ashamed go papa
I tell em all
I swear I'm just the same, no papa
A bastard, so you know I'm trained go farther
My opposition they merely some lame mufuckas
"No pot to piss in petition for fame mufuckas"
"No stop you wishing dont switch in my lane mufuckas"
My roof gone partition the Range mufucka
I done moved on, sunny out no rain mufuckas
But I drain y'all suckas
10-4ing acknowledge the gang
Y'all suckas
What I'm sent for
My mama say to change mufuckas
I'm focused now look how far my range I'll touch ya
In the same breath, I'll say it
I've feigned death and slayed it
And claimed depths, I made it
And changed steps evaded
Out slumbers I'm a rare number
Curse you niggas I'm prepared for these rare summers
See my life can spot it there on my clear tumblr
She only love me with my handcuffs
I set her free shit I don't lock if she ain't saying much
They told me no
I switch careers shit I ain't scared much
See you should listen ain't no fear
Man I been fed up

[Talking: F. Mills]
Fuck it, it's just practice man
It's just practice
Listen, can I give my heart on this one?

[Verse 2: F. Mills]
Yeah, fuck it, they told me stop a long time ago
I ain't got this talent for nothing
A nigga gotta blow
And I ain't being silent for nothing a nigga gotta show
Amateurs they started from nothing, so pro I gotta go
If you ain't with me from the start of this then adios
Shout out man to my audience the barrios
We all in the gang just the face change blood run deep but these bitch niggas get blood stains
Broke but this nigga just switching figures I'm Forbes man
Blokes they can choke on this dick niggas is profanes
I'm spitting hotter than this propane
And I ain't seen a dad in years niggas don't know pain
And I ain't tryna brag, but these tears niggas don't go away
My feelings living in other tiers its packed in the stowaway
Shit, said my back is backed in the doorway
Facing my life what's the price I pay to restore faith?

[Outro: F. Mills]
Yeah, yeah. Just practice man. It's just practice. L, L Hustle