[Napoleon Da Legend verse]
What car did Malcom X drive? What brand was Martin shoes?
What type Of liquor Marcus Garvey drink?
What type party Bob Marley hit?
And What did?
Harriet Tubman rock? Langston what type of watch he got?
What type of chicks Haile Selassie hit?
Who was Steve Jobs mistress I wonder if her body lit ?
What Peter Tosh wear? What does God fear?
Everything I says a prayer from my lips to god’s ears
What did Biggie read? What about Billy D
What type of crib does Lauryn Hill live in?
What about Capleton what type of Soda does he drink?
Did James Baldwin like rocking chains and Cuban links?
Does Warren Buffet vape? Does Kim Kardashian meditate?
Does Jamie Dimon drink lean to medicate?
Did Louis Armstrong fake publicity to sell a tape?
Did Victor Hugo hit the local bar to celebrate?

We so curious about certain things for some people
Other people get a pass
Or it just don’t matter
Why is that?
Or are we all just too distracted to notice ?

[Napoleon Da Legend verse]
How many units Sade did in her first week?
Who dated Rosa Parks matter fact Joan of Ark
Did Galileo keep his sneakers clean?
And during the civil rights, did Dick Gregory pick a team?
Would the Virgin Mary take a selfie?
And would Toussaint drop a viral video if it made him wealthy?
What’s Jordan’s thoughts about law enforcement?
And mass incarceration?
What type of juice did Sammy Davis chase with?
What type of telephone did Jack Johnson have?
What type of social issues make Magic Johnson mad?
How about Elon Musk what types of chicks he cuff?
Did Michael Angelo and Picasso get pissy drunk?
What type of weed they smoke was 2Pac really broke?
Was Nostradamus trolling or did he really know ?
Did Ghandi break his fast during the hunger strike ?
Do you like music from famous co-signs or cause a song is tight ?

[Napoleon Da Legend verse]
Would you marry without pre-up ?
And If you had to pick, you rather big butts or double D cups?
And if it’s used, do you throw away or dust it off?
How many strikes you give a friend before you cut em off?
You borrow money do you pay it back?
Or do you charge to the game and just escape the fact?
You keep ya word? Return ya favors? Are u jerk?
If I bring my girl around and leave, will you flirt?
You know your worth? Are you jealous of ya friends?
Do you cheer when they lose secretly cry when they win?
Do you love to feel important cause
A little child inside ya feels inadequate?
And does narcissist admit to it?
Would you share an opportunity you felt as
If you had a friend you knew could handle it better than you could?
Or let it fall by the wayside for a stranger?
What you do when you feel anger?