[Brain]:
Yo, I would say that success is money, hoes, cars. You know what it is bruh, like! It go hard bruh. Why you always hating, dawg?Nah, on some real shit you need to shut the fuck up. You always hating

[Heart]:
What? Success is being content. You're wrong, you're wrong. Oh, Oh, alright, alright

[Mad Sadiq]
I am seventeen years old. My goals in life are to play professional soccer at the highest level possible, win twenty-eight Grammy's, own my own clothing business, and have a foursome including a Hispanic woman, Black woman, and a White woman

[Verse 1]:
Please Lord, forgive us for sinning
We all make amiss decisions
Then fall in a deep repentance
Because we would never listen
But before you re-up
Think of, what society's done
Jinxed ones that believe that we've won
Keep up, can't you see the prenups'
Now these sluts will never know what it is to be really held down
Cause they think the real men only exist in jail now
And success can't be attained unless you been hell bound
If you spit that knowledge, you considered a sell out
I guess Imma sell out, every record nailed out
Stay helping my fam' out, cause I'm handing out bands now
Yes success I am, but I don't pop them xan's
Or cop top from fans with crop tops and tans
Who you think I am (Nah)
I wanna make the fans, throw up their hands
Stop, drop, and dance
'Til I rock to the tip-top and stock up a grand (You understand)
I know you see this brand new rapper named Mad Sadiq
He gon' reach the peaks of 2Pac, Nas, and B-I-G
Can't you see that my dreams
Contain rings and prom queens
With no snakes on my team
Success is what time brings
But time flies, and so do I
Right before your eyes, look at Mad
He on his grind

[Will Smith]
Greatness is not this wonderful, esoteric, elusive
God-like feature that the special among us will ever taste. You know, it's something that truly exists in all of us. It's very simple. This is what I believe and

[Verse 2]:
I'm a newbie, with two rings, my crew brings everything that's new
I'm proving it's a true thing success is a black man's noose
Will you let it happen to you
Wesley's Theory tryna trap you
Sticking to us like it is glue
Wanna beat it but there's only a few
Orah, Will, and Steve, I thought you knew
That they see the world from different views
But I see the world as she is nude
See the flaws in her draws and her laws
But I want to hit it raw
But I can't, cause the clap's not really what I want
Really what I want, what I really want
Is a down girl with a big ole butt and a cash flow to match the count of my nut
And I, want my mo to piss in
A new house with a nice kitchen
See I'm on a mission to break the definition
And the repetition, of black men who be slippin'
Once they get the fame and the money and the girls
Once I get the fame, yo I'm tryna change the world
BROSO