[Intro]
Baby, your Dada loves you
And I'm always gonna be here for you
No matter what happens
You're all I got in this world
I'd never give you up for nothin'
Nobody in this world is ever gonna keep you from me
I love you

[Verse 1]
Come on, hey, hey, we going to the beach
Grab a couple of toys and let Dada strap you in the car seat
Where's mama? She's takin' a little nap in the trunk
Oh, that smell? Dada must've runned over a skunk
Now I know what you're thinkin'; it's kinda late to go swimmin'
But you know your mama; she's one of those type of women
That do crazy things, and if she don't get her way, she'll throw a fit
Don't play with Dada's toy knife honey, let go of it
And don't look so upset, why you acting bashful
Don't you wanna help Dada build a sand castle?
And Mama said she wants to show you how far she can float
Don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat
It's just a little scratch, it don't hurt
Her was eating dinner while you were sweepin'
And spilt ketchup on her shirt
Mama's messy, isn't she? We'll let her wash off in the water
And me and you can play by ourselves, can't we?

[Chorus]
Just the two of us
Just the two of us
Just you and I
Just the two of us

[Verse 2]
See, honey, there's a place called heaven and a place called hell
There's a place called prison and a place called jail
And Dada's probably on his way to all of 'em, except one
'Cause Mama's got a new husband and a stepson
And you don't want a brother, do ya?
Maybe when you're old enough to understand a little better
I'll explain it to you
But for now, we'll just say Mama was real, real bad
She was being mean to Dad and made him real, real mad
But I still feel sad that I put her on timeout
Sit back in your chair, honey, quit trying to climb out
I told you it's okay, hey hey, you wanna ba-ba?
Take a night-night? Na-na-goo-goo gah-gah
Her make poo-poo ca-ca? Dada change your didee
Clean the baby up, so I can take a nighty-nighty
Your dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water
'97 Bonnie & Clyde: me and my daughter
Me and my daughter
Me and my daughter

[Chorus]
Just the two of us
Just the two of us
Just you and I
Just the two of us

[Verse 3]
Wake up sweepy head, we're here
Before we play, we're gonna take Mamafor a wittle walk along the pier
Baby, don't cry, honey, don't get the wrong idea
Mama's too sweepy to hear you screaming in her ear
That's why you can't get her to wake, but don't worry
Dada made a nice bed for Mommy at the bottom of the lake
Here, you wanna help Dada tie a rope around this rock?
We'll tie it to her footsy, then we'll roll her off the dock
Ready now? Here we go, on the count of 3:
1, 2, 3, wee!
There goes Mama, splashing in the water
No more fighting with dad, no more restraining order
No more step Dada, no more brother
Blow her kisses buh-bye, tell Mommy you love her
Now we'll go play in the sand, build a sand castle and junk
But first, just help Dad with two more things out the trunk

[Outro]
Just the two of us