(Intro: Linkin Park)
Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey
It goes one, two, three

(Verse 1: Linkin Park)
I was born with the hunger of a lion
The strength of a sun
I don't need to sweat it when the competition come
Original style like an 808 drum
So I don't run the track, no I make the track run
My Momma taught me words, my Daddy built rockets
I hold them both together now, tell me what I got
It's a pretty smart weapon I can shoot it, I can drop it
But learn to respect it, because you clearly can't stop it like that

(Verse 2: Linkin Park)
It ain't over because the shark's on the left side the snake's on the right
And everything you do, they want to get a little bite
But it really doesn't matter if your wrong or if your right
Because once they get there teeth in nothing really fights
And as for me I do it like I got nothing to lose
And you can run your mouth like your trying to fill my shoes
But steady little soldier I ain't standing next to you
I'll be laying on the ground before you're even in my view, Like that

(Chorus: linkin Park)
Give me the strength of the rising sun
Give me the truth of the words unsung
When the last bells ring, the poor man sings
Bring me to Kingdom come

(Verse 3: Eminem)
I come around like what goes around
What goes up must come down
Anyone who comes up must go down
Might as well go for the gusto now
Better not let up, better not let them breath
Last shot, give it all you got
Try to turn me down bitch, get fucked with the volume knob
Fuck all you snobs
Hoes I hope all you rot
Two bottles of Lubriderm and a box of condoms, is that all you brought
And you wanna menage a trois you twats
Fuck that i'd rather turn this club into a bar room brawl
Get as rowdy as Roethlisberger in a bathroom stall
Like a leech in a vacuum y'all, ain't nothing but a whole lot of sucking going on in rap
Yeah, but i'm home
Bad to the bone
Back in the zone
Let him alone
You don't want to go egging him on
It'll never be my chair that you're on
Crown so tight it cuts off circulation to the brain, no oxygen
Other words there's no heir to the thrown
When I die, so does Hip-Hop
Hitchcock, better shit bitch ass got a zip locked in a bag
You fags ain't been able to fade me since Kid Rock had a high top
Keep blogging while I'm mind boggling my zone like I'm in the twilight
Talking of my bone this is my mic dog I like hogging it
Flow so wet I'mma take this beat tobogganing
I'm water logging it, I'm sogging it
Pull your verse out the beat and stomp on it
Suplex it on cement like I'm on some straight out of Compton shit
Take this dick and chomp on it
I'm so bad I can bitch slap a back handed compliment
Jack ass eat a donkey dick
The game I just about conquered it, like Donkey Kong
I'm bonkers bitch, I'm the king of this honkey shit!
I reign supreme in this honkey shit
No sense screaming, and arguing
Makes no difference whether a Benz or Bentley or a Beamers the car you in

(Chorus: Linkin Park)
Give me the strength of the rising sun
Give me the truth of the words unsung
When the last bells ring, the poor man sings
Bring me to Kingdom come