[Intro: Bizarre]
Time waits for no one
It's time to be a man

[Verse 1:  Bizarre]
If your got kids, you know what I'm talking 'bout
But do like I did and just walk the fuck out
For 10 years I been smoking crack
But now I'm back to get my litte girl back (hey there)
I'm on 8 mile with an attitude, science said work for full
Butt-naked in the noon (damn)
Forced to be a man with nowhere to go
Shit I just stopped smoking crack an hour ago
With the hope and a prayer my life is finished
I never smile cause I need to see a dentist (damn)
It was all good when mama was paying the rent
But she died to weeks ago in a car accident
And when the fuck the find me in the cardboard box
With dirty socks, drinking a bottle of scotch
I want cock so bad I suck your grandfathers cock
Give me that rock or get sucked!

[Hook: Eminem]
My baby girl, keeps getting older
(Time for me to be a man)
I watch her grow up with pride
(step up and take irresponsibility)
My baby girl, keeps getting older
(It just all happens so fast)
I watch her grow up with pride
(what I wanna do?)

[Verse 2: Bizarre]
My little girl wants to be a ballet dancer (dady)
Last week she was diagnosed with cancer
It took me 2 years to spot it
And the cancer she got, ain't nobody got it
And I'm trying to stay strong, I want my little girl to live long
Thats why I'm writing poems and writing songs
Health insurance they ain't paying no cash
Thats why I'm selling glass, If I have to I'll sell my *ass*
Look at me an irresponsible father and been here
For half an hour and ready to run like a coward
Lord please don't take my little girl's life
So she can skate on ice and learn how to ride a bike

[Hook: Eminem]
My baby girl, keeps getting older
(Yeah I love my little girl)
I watch her grow up with pride
(Watching her grow up)
My baby girl, keeps getting older
(Takes a real man to stick around)
I watch her grow up with pride
(The fuck I wanna do?)

[Verse 3: Bizarre]
She been up all night crying and hurting and the chemical theory
It ain't working and I can't afford the operation
Not even if I rob a gas station
Looking dirty, stanky and beat in the shower
I don't smoke cigarettes, I'm killing a pack in an hour
My little girl said "daddy I'm going to have it"
Look at my princess, fighting, only 7
Any minute my daughter can pass away
And her favorite group is B2K
Sing motherfucker! sing! sing motherfucker!
"gotta be that one that you deserve
Gotta be the one that you can hold
Gotta be gotta be your everything, don't kill me Bizarre!"
Hahaha, you little motherfuckers
"if you got kids, what the fuck would you do?"
This ain't Bizarre, this is John Q with a loaded 22. (bow!)
Me and my TEC-9, I load her and cock her
Everybody going to hell, even the doctor

[Hook: Eminem]
My baby girl, keeps getting older
I watch her grow up with pride
(The fuck am I supposed to do?)
My baby girl, keeps getting older
(I mean, I mean what would you do in this situation?)
I watch her grow up with pride
(I'm just a product of the world)
My baby girl..