[Pre-Recorded Message]
Hi, baby, thanks for calling 9-7-0-SLUT
The hottest live one-on-one line in the city

[Eminem]
Oh... (Hmm?) Brenda
(You'd like to speak to Brenda)
Yeah, I need to speak to Brenda, like, immediately
*laughing* (Hold on, ok?) 'Aight
Yo, this bitch is about to catch, bitch about to catch it
Fuckin' slut
(dialing tone)
(Yo) Brenda (Brenda's not here)
Brenda's not there? (No) It sounds like you?
You know what? You didn't think I knew, did you?
(I, you know-) You told me you didn't do this shit
This Brenda, right? Don't play games with me, girl!
This Brenda, right? You said you didn't do it, bitch!
(Who are you, what you want?) What are you- I want Bren-
This ain't Brenda? (No, motherfucker, it ain't Brenda)
Yo, don't-don't-don't call me a motherfucker, bitch
I swear to God, I come up there and pop all you fucking sluts
I told you Brenda, don't be fuckin' round on me
You fuckin' bitch! I told you!
"Aw, I don't do it, I don't do it!"
You motherfucking slut, I'll kill you, bitch!
I break your motherfucking neck
(You getting mad at me, I'm not Brenda)
Yo, don't play games with me, girl!
Don't play ga- When you come home tonight
I swear to God, yo, all of your shit will be outside!
You hear me girl?! I ain't playing with you no more!
I bought you everythi- "I saw yoooou, walking in the way"
You know what I'm saying, girl?!
I don't play that shit! (Crack kills, you know)
I don't play that shit, crack?! (Crack kills)
I ain't in no crack, bitch, this Slim motherfucking Shady
You understand me? Slim *chka-chka* Hi, my name is!
Bitch, you don't play with me, when yo-
When you come home tonight, girl
Your shit is all out on the motherfucking lawn
That's my word, is bond, yo!
(You live in a-You live in a house?)
(You sound like you live in the projects)
My word is bond, when you come home, girl
You last now, girl, you motherfucking slut
I know you fucking him, girl, I know you fucking him
You know what I'm saying?

I know you fucking him
I know you fucking him
I know you-