[Intro: Eminem]
Yeah, you know, technically
I'm not even really supposed to be here right now
So fuck it, might as well make the most of it
(Amen, Amen)
Yeah! Ha ha, feels good
Guess I'm lucky
Some of us don't get a second chance
But I ain't blowin' this one
Nah, man, ha ha
Shit, I feel like I can do anything now

[Bridge: Eminem]
Who can catch lightning in the bottle, set fire to water
Comin' out the nozzle on the fire hose, flyer than swatters
(Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man
Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man)
Smash an hourglass, grab the sand
Take his hands and cup 'em
Spit a rhyme and freeze the clock
Take the hands of time and cuff 'em
(Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man
Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man)

[Verse 1: Eminem]
There's a storm comin' that the weatherman couldn't predict
I start to bug, prick, you better flee, 'cause I get ticked
It's a wrap, I was down when I was down, I was kicked
I got up, I'm back to punch you to the ground, you trick!
It's a trap, fuck my last CD, the shit's in my trash
I'll be goddamned if another rapper gets in my ass
I hit the gas and I spit every rap as if it's my last
You can die in the blink of an eye, so bat your eyelashes
And keep winkin' and blowin' kisses
'Cause you're flirtin' with death
I'm destroyin' your livelihood, I ain't just hurtin' your rep
I catch a flow and get goin'
No remorse I'm showin', ain't slowin' for no one
Knowin' there's nothin' you can do about it
Zero in on the target like a marksman, the target is you
I shut your lane down, took your spot, parked in it too
Arsenic flow, lighter fluid saliva—what can you do?
Go get your crew to hype you up
Stand behind you like "Whooo!"
That boy's hot enough to melt Hell, burn Satan too
Fry his ass and put his ashes back together with glue
See, you can hate him, he don't blame you
Frankly, he would too
This game could ill afford to lose him, how 'bout you?

[Refrain: Eminem]
Now guess who? (Hey!) Here's a clue (Hey!)
He came to the ball in his wife beater, lost his Nike shoe
It's in your ass, (Hey!), he's in your ass
He's all up in your psyche too
Now, what's his name?

[Chorus: Kobe]
(Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man
Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man)
If I had a time machine, I'd be Cinderella Man
(Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man)
Music is my time machine, so call me
(Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man
Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man)

[Bridge 2: Eminem]
Fuck catchin' lightning, he struck it
Screamed "Shut up!" at thunder
Then flipped the world upside down
And made it rain upward
(Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man
Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man)
Rewound the future to the present
Paused it – don't ask how
Fuck the past, mothafucka
He's the shit right now, he's
(Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man
Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man)

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Cinderella man, Cinder Fellow, Shady dane
Came to wrap the game up in cellophane
Raise hell, from Hell he came
But didn't come to bore you with the Cinderella story
Nor did he come to do the same old
Can't afford to be a lame-o
In this day and age and at this stage of the game
Mediocrity can no longer be allowed to fly
So say bye to the old, H-I to the new
Que será, consider it his last hurrah
The coup de grâce, raise 'em high
In the sky, keep 'em up, time to bring the place alive
Thanks for bein' patient, I
Will make no more mistakes, shit, my
Potato's baked, homie, the veggies on my plate can fly
My filet is smokin' weed—yeah, faggot, the steaks are high
Shit, I ain't even suppose to be here by the grace of God
The skin of my teeth and the hair on my nuts, I skated by
Now y'all are on thin ice with ankle weights, I'd hate to lie
How fuckin' irritated are you? How much in your face am I?
It ain't shit you could do but fear it, Proof is here in spirit
And I'm the spittin' image, I mirror it when I stand near it
Your pussy lyric, I "cunt" hear it
Who forms pyramids and raps circles around square lyricists

[Refrain: Eminem]
Who? Here's a clue (Hey!)
He came to the ball in his wife beater, lost his Nike shoe
It's in your ass, (Hey!), he's in your ass
He's all up in your psyche too
(Hey!) Now, (Hey!) what's his name?

[Chorus: Kobe]
(Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man
Cinderella, Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man)
If I had a time machine, I'd be
(Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man
Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man)
Music is my time machine, so call me
(Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man
Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man)