[Intro]
Flowz
Hellz Attics
Depressed Confessions
Shoutouts to J-Star
Check it

[Verse]
Yo, Was i born to live my life like this?
That is the question, the answer is a sliced wrist
I see the knives tip penetrate my skin
No forgiveness for my sins, I'm sinking quicker as i drink
Drinking liqour as i think vivid pictures come to mind of my past
I should've never let that bitch into my life
Am i living just to die? My hearts commiting suicide
What i've witnessed with my eyes makes me wish that I was blind
I can't take this reality is killing me inside fuck I hate this
I numb the pain by sniffing all these lines you see i've always had these problems
Ever since an early age, nothing seems to stop them I really need to learn to change
My bed's an early grave and I can't wake up
My heart doesn't beat and you wonder why I hate love?
And why I take drugs, It's because in my life every fucking day sucks
Try seeing shit through my eyes
I have an alcoholic father who is killing is himself
Drowns his pain in a bottle that is killing his health
And my mum has Hep-C she's dying slowly
This is why i'm empty and the reason I get no sleep
I have two older brothers who are both schitzofrenic
Too many bongs sent both of their minds into panic
My brother Jesse once put a gun to my chest
So don't tell me that marijuana doesn't fuck with your head
My sister once was in love with the meth
Until she overdosed, and i pray that she never does it again
And what about my little brother? my best friend?
He looked to me for directions and I sent him into a dead end
I used to pack his cones, when he was 12, so I didn't have to be alone and smoke by myself
Now he's schtizing as well, fuck what have I done?
I've just added another chapter to this story of drugs
This story is fucked
And I haven't even finished, I'm just scratching the surface on emotions that are hidden
And I find it hard to write sometimes, I'm sick of saying the same
Shit, when I try describe my life, it's time i tried fuck to be a better
Person, I'm tired of lies, and hiding behind the curtains
I needa find the light of day, I know that it's hard
But I have to find the way, fuck it because if I don't then the fucking light will fade, and I'll be trapped in this darkness inside this rage
My minds insane, I'm on the edge of insanity
And if I ever fell, would anybody remember me?
Is this how I'm meant to be?
Is this my chosen path?
Cutting my veins open, with the pieces of my broken heart
I know it's hard it wasn't meant to be easy
Like trying to figure out the answers to why did she leave me?
But fuck it i've only got one more thing to say
Life is a living hell but death won't extinguish the flames

[Outro]
Fuck it I''m out
Fuck you