Brent Musberger: We welcome you back to Ann Arbor, Michigan and what a pleasure for Herbie and me to introduce Marshall Mathers. Some of you may know him as Eminem, but he's gonna join the Saturday night crew with our music intro starting next Saturday Night.

But folks, I wanna take you to the World Premiere of one of his new videos, called Berzerk. Take a listen, it's headed to the top of the charts.

[Berzerk video plays]

BM: Was that Rick Rubin who was helping produce that, with you Marshall, when you did that?

Eminem: Yeah, sorry. Live TV. Live TV freaks me out a little bit.

Kirk Herbstreit (KH): No!?

Eminem: Umm...yes. I'm sorry, what was the question?

BM: That was Mr. Rubin, one of the all-time greats...producer, huh?

Eminem: Yes, yes.

BM: How long does that take you to shoot a video like that? How many takes? How many hours?

Eminem: Umm...sometimes it's uh...it's usually a two day process, sometimes it could go to three. There's a lot of takes, there's a lot of sticking around waiting...But...it's cool [Herbstreit tries to interject] if the video comes out, then i guess it's worth it. You know.

KH: You wanna take it to break?

BM: Yeah...we'll take....you know...you gotta be in shape too, but stay right here with us, we're gonna kick off the 2nd half and I wanna talk about how you're gonna intro Saturday Night Football when we come back.

[commercial break]

BM: 8 EST on ABC, Marshall Mathers will open Saturday Night Football. Mathers, it's a pleasure to have you on the show.

Eminem: Absolutely, pleasure to be here. It's an honor to be able to do that. So..

KH: So you have the single out...album's coming out in November. What are you most excited about with this no album?

Eminem: Nothing.

KH: No?

Eminem: No...uhh...it'll be out Nov 5th. I'll probably be most excited to just be done with it. It's called the Marshall Mathers LP2. And..it's kind of a re-visit to the first Marshall Mathers LP...and umm...that's pretty much all i can say about it.

BM: One final question before you leave. Some of my friends in Montana wanted me to ask you. Will the Lions cover 4.5 tomorrow against Minnesota?

Eminem: Will the Lions cover 4.5?

BM: Yeah.

Eminem: Ummm...I'm not sure man...I don't ever make a prediction on the Lions cause I don't ever wanna jinx it, but I'm such a die hard Lions fan, like...to the core. So...yes, they'll win.

KH: That's all you'll say, leave it at that.

Eminem: Yeah...I'm hoping I didn't just jinx it.

BM: Here's the kickoff Marshall...just stick right here with us now. It's gonna be Wolverines ball. They've got the lead...out to the 25 yard line.

Marshall, again, it was a pleasure having you with us here tonight.

Eminem: And Brent, just how they got fantasy football or whatever. I got you on my fantasy announcer team. It would be you, of course the late great Pat Summerall and John Madden and Al Michaels. If you guys would get together and just call the game....Kirk, you're great too, much respect.

[All laugh]

KH: Not quite to that status yet, I get it!

Eminem: Right. But, you being a legend and you know, if you got with Al Michaels man and John Madden and just called ONE Lions game. The Super Bowl probably would be great this year.

KH: We'd all appreciate that wouldn't we?

Eminem: Man, that would be like a dream come true for me. You are a legend my friend. Thank you.

BM: YOU're the legend my friend! 13 Grammys, 1st rap song to win an Academy Award, an original score...Youve sold 100 million records world wide. YOU my friend are the legend.

KH: No doubt about that!

Eminem: I'm really uncomfortable right now.

[All laugh]

BM: Marshall, take care my friend. We look forward to seeing that video next week.

Eminem: Absolutely, Thank you, thank you...