Q: Why don't you smile?
A: ain't shit funny

Q: Where is the toy warehouse?
A:  google that shit

Q: Do you put Nutella on your waffles in the morning ?
A:  í've been doing the berzerk face for two months straight

Q: Hi! Which person from history, do you most admire.. and why??
A:  ali, wasn't afraid of any challenge

Q: Did you overcome your fear of giraffes?
A:  no, just sick of sticking my neck out for people

Q: If you could go back and change one thing about MMLP2, what would that be and why?
A: I would have added "don't front" on to the deluxe bonus disc but we didn't clear the sample in time

Q: What made you change your hair color again?
A: slim shady's back bitch

Q: How are you doing?
A: good

Q: What tips can you give to people who's just starting to write songs
A: keep writing

Q: i dont know what i ask :/
A: i don't know what you say

Q: Ladies send me a friend request. married or single:) friends are always good:)
A: sned this guy a friend request

Q: do you even lift?
A: fuck yeah bro

Q: What is your all time favorite thing to do while you wind down from a busy day?
A: nintendo bitch, run punch jump

Q: do you have a dog?
A: nope

Q: What do you think of Macklemore and Ryan Lewis and their style? What other artists do you like?
A: I think they made a great album

Q: how long did it take to write "Rap God" ?
A: six minutes and one second

Q: What do you think J.Cole?
A: He is dope

Q: What tips can you give to people who's just starting to write songs
A: keep writing

Q: Who's your favorite comic-book hero?
A: spiderman

Q: That Ken Kaniff in Wicked Ways skit, damn man, laughed so much
A: thanks, me too

Q: Are you the first rapper to smack a bitch or say faggot?
A: apparently yes

Q: Who's your favorite basketball team?
A: detroit pistons

Q: what time is it there ???
A: you have no idea how funny that is

Q: what is your favorite TV series/show?
A: the wire

Q: Favorite spot to masterbate outside of home?
A: mcdonald's bathroom

Q: What's your favorite Mexican food mother fucker
A: taco's bitch!

Q: Awesome!
A: indeed

Q: what is byour favorte NFL team
A: the lions

Q: Why do you hate the broncos so bad?
A: i don't, matthew does

Q: Did you ever stroke Rick Rubin's beard in the studio to get ideas?
A: no, we only sampled "the stroke"

Q: I wish you could see my questions
A: i kinda just did

Q: Can u mix your own track alone? I mean Eq Compression etc
A: pretty damn close

Q: what inspired you to start rapping?
A: ll cool j

Q: Ever eat Jets pizza? Best thing about warren MI when I visited :)
A: fuck yeah, its delicious

Q: How do you keep a straight face when you incorporate so many awesome puns in your lyrics?
A: i laugh enough when I am recording them, thats why I never smile

Q: Do you do cleaning at home? :D
A: i wipe my own ass

Q: How are you doing?
A: good

Q: What is one thing that you get annoyed at the most ?
A: when people keep asking me if I am retiring

Q: Have you had a nose job
A: if I did I should sue the doctor

Q: Why don’t you follow anyone on Twitter?
A: always be a leader, not a follower

Q: I would cry if you saw this ;(
A: start crying

Q: Im sure that you are not going to see this comment..
A: boy were you wrong, gotta wrap this up. thanks everyone for the questions, I got to get back to work