[Verse 1: Eminem]
10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1
Ready or not here we come, here comes trouble in the club
11, 12, 13, pistols big as M-16's
How the fuck we sneak in with this many heaters in our jeans?
Nina, two ninas, a piece, they don't even see us
Some shit pops off we squeeze each one
They're gonna think it's machine guns
Vandals-vo-vandals, bananas and old flannels
Hands around our Colt handles, hold them like roman candles
So ban us, go ban us, banana-fanna-fo-fannas
Who come back all bananas, banana clips loaded
Managers, bouncers, and the club owners
The motherfuckers don't want us to come up, bum rush in the club
And run up in it with a bunch of motherfuckers from Runyan
Steady popping them onions
Ready, set to go nut up, prepare to tear the whole club up
Fixing to get into some shit, just itching to choke someone up
You know we finna loc'n when we mix coke with coconut rum up
So, yeah, yeah, ho, what up, see my people posted up
See you talk that ho shit now, when you're down you won't get up
And can't sit up you're so slit up, the ambulance won't sew you up
They just throw you up in the trunk once they tag your big toe up
Heater-no-heater, automatic-no-matic
Mag or no mag, it don't matter if I have or don't have it
You never know when I'm packing so you just don't want no static
And open up a whole can of whoop ass
You don't wanna chance to risk it, no biscuit
Milli mac or mac milli
Will he, won't he, don't be silly, homie you don't know me really
You're just gonna make yourself dizzy wondering what the dilly
Fuck it, let's just get busy D-Twizzy's back in the hizzy!

[Hook: Eminem]
Git up now! Let's get it cracking, yeah, it's on and popping
Bitch, D12 is back in this bitch, ugh! There ain't no stopping
We're gonna get it crackalating, what you waiting for?
The wait is over, say no more
Quit tryna play the wall and quit hating
Git up now! Y'all are still sitting? What the fuck, are you deaf?
You motherfuckers don't listen I said
We 'bout to get this motherfucker crackalating
Quit procrastinating
What the fuck you waiting for? Get off the wall and quit hating, bitch
Git up now!

[Verse 2: Swifty McVay]
I keep a shitload of bullets, I pitbull it to pull it out
And automatically explode on motherfuckers until they mouth get closed
Permanently, you get burned to line quickly
You can not hit me niggas, too terrified to come get me
Tempt me if you think Swifty won't send a slug, people run
When the reaper comes, the repercussion gon' equal blood
Nigga what? Stepping without a weapon, you leave, you gone
I be still rolling with stolen toasters while on parole
Snatch you out our home like eviction notices ho
When I unload, I'm known to never leave witnesses to roam
When I'm blowed, I'll write the wickedest scroll ever told
When I'm sober I'm prone to roll up and disconnect your soul, nigga

[Verse 3: Kuniva]
Now it's been proven it's about to be a misunderstanding
And furniture moving, bullets flying, lawyers and mothers suing
Cause niggas don't know the difference
You bitches just stick to fiction
It's sickening, you can't even walk in my jurisdiction, riffing it
Gripping the pump
And who want to fuck with a walking psychopathic pyromaniac
Shady cats with 80 gats
And maybe that's the reason that you gon' get it the worst
And since you jumping in front of everybody you gon' get it first
I disperse the crowd with something bigger and versatile
So run and record you verses now while you got a mouth
And it's not a joke, it's some kind of riddle
Kunizzle will lift up a 12 gizzle and throw a party from my acquittal
And a Glock that you will stop you from walking
Bullets'll hit your liver, I'll even shoot Native Americans
A Indian giver, and nigga
We back in your life and back in your wife
Hit you in your back with a knife and get it cracking tonight

[Hook: Eminem]
Git up now! Let's get it cracking, yeah, it's on and popping
Bitch, D12 is back in this bitch, ugh! There ain't no stopping
We're gonna get it crackalating, what you waiting for?
The wait is over, say no more
Quit tryna play the wall and quit hating
Git up now! Y'all are still sitting? What the fuck, are you deaf?
You motherfuckers don't listen I said
We 'bout to get this motherfucker crackalating
Quit procrastinating
What the fuck you waiting for? Get off the wall and quit hating, bitch
Git up now!

[Outro: Bizarre aka Peter S. Bizarre]
Hahaha, Yeah, D12, we baaack
Haha, (Get up now!) Hahahaha
Runyan Ave soldiers, Amityville
Who the fuck want it with us?
Hu-HAW!
Nobody