[Verse 1: Eminem]
I ain't gonna eat, I ain't gonna sleep
Ain't gonna breathe 'til I see what I wanna see
And what I wanna see is you go to sleep in the dirt
Permanently; you're just being hurt
This ain't gonna work for me, it just wouldn't be
Sufficient enough 'cause we are just gonna be
Enemies as long as we breathe, I don't ever see
Either of us comin' to terms where we can agree
There ain't gonna be no reasonin' speakin' with me
You speak on my seed, then me no speak-a Inglés
So we gonna beef, and keep on beefin', unless
You're gonna agree to meet with me in the flesh
And settle this face-to-face, and you're gonna see
A demon unleashed in me that you've never seen
And you're gonna see this gangster pee on himself
I see you D12, and thanks, but me need no help
Me do this one all by my lonely, I don't need 15 of my homies
When I see you, I'm seein' you, me and you only
We never met, but best believe you gon' know me
When I'm this close to see you exposed as phony
Come on, bitch, show me! Pick me up, throw me!
Lift me up, hold me—just like you told me
You was gonna do, that's what I thought, you're pitiful
I'm rid of you, all of you, Ja, you'll get it too

[Chorus: Eminem]
Now go to sleep, bitch! Die, motherfucker, die!
Ugh, time's up, bitch, close your eyes!
Go to sleep, bitch! Why are you still alive?
How many times I gotta say, close your eyes!
And go to sleep, bitch! Die, motherfucker die!
Bye, bye, motherfucker, bye, bye!
Go to sleep, bitch! Why are you still alive?
Why? Die, motherfucker! Ah, ah, ah, go to sleep, bitch!

[Verse 2: Obie Trice]
We got you niggas nervous, on purpose
To hurt your focus, you's not MC's
You's worthless, you's not them G's
You's a circus, you's no appeal, please
You's curtains, you use words Kool Herc slurred
In two-thousand-third: you's perpin'
You's no threat, who's you servin'?
When lyrically oughta bury you beneath the dirt when
You fuck with a label overseein' the Earth
Shady, mothafucka, O. Trice's birth
And as I mold I become more cursed
So we can put down the verse, take it to the turf
Cock and squeeze, and he who reach the hearse
Is he who depicts fiction in his verse
And as I breathe, and you be deceased
The world believe you deceived just to speak
You's not the streets, you's the desk
Use not your chest, nigga, use a vest
Before tools choose your rest, you chose death
Six feet deep, nigga, that's the depth

[Chorus: Eminem]
Now go to sleep, bitch! Die, motherfucker, die!
Ugh, time's up, bitch, close your eyes!
Go to sleep, bitch! Why are you still alive?
How many times I gotta say, close your eyes!
And go to sleep, bitch! Die, motherfucker die!
Bye, bye, motherfucker, bye, bye!
Go to sleep, bitch! Why are you still alive?
Why? Die, motherfucker! Ah, ah, ah, go to sleep, bitch!

[Verse 3: DMX]
Hey dog, I'ma walk like a beast, talk like the streets
I'ma stay blazin' New York with the heat
Stalk on the beat, walk with my feet
Understand my pain, the rain ain't sleet
Peep how I'm movin', peep where I'm goin'
Shit don't seep, then sleep not knowin'
But I'ma keep growin', gettin' larger than life
Easy goin' with the same one that started the fight
He be knowin' how dog get when dog don't bite
Tried to show him the dog shit, it's dog for life
Grand Champ, and my Blood Line is tight
'Cause it's all good, it's all right
Niggas tried to holla but couldn't holla back
Now they got to swallow everything in the sack
Blood Line, and we can go track for track
Damn, dog, why'd you have to do them niggas like that?

[Chorus: Eminem]
Now go to sleep, bitch! Die, motherfucker, die!
Ugh, time's up, bitch, close your eyes!
Go to sleep, bitch! Why are you still alive?
How many times I gotta say, close your eyes!
And go to sleep, bitch! Die, motherfucker die!
Bye, bye, motherfucker, bye, bye!
Go to sleep, bitch! Why are you still alive?
Why? Die, motherfucker! Ah, ah, ah, go to sleep, bitch!

[Outro: Eminem]
All you motherfuckers, take that!
Here, take this too, bitch!
Uh, uh, uh, uh, wahoo
We're killing all you motherfuckers dead
All of you! Fake-ass gangsters!
No more press! No more press!
Rot, motherfuckers, rot!
Decay, in the dirt, bitch, in the motherfuckin' dirt!
Die nameless, bitch! Die nameless!
No more fame! Ahh, hahahaha
Yo, X, come on, man! Obie, let's go! Ha ha