[Intro]
Ha ha ha haaaa!
Yeah, what the fuck
Outsidaz, we be a hard act to follow
We be a hard act to follow
We be a hard act to follow
Yeah, baby
Hard act to follow
Ha, yeah
So come on and come on
So come on and come on
So come on…

[Verse 1: Yah Yah]
Yah Yah
And I’ve been black balled and outlawed like 2Pac's posse
Still no cops, the neighborhood watch could stop me
I’m like Selassie driven in a Dodge Jeep
The God’s peace while i civilise Rah's beef
Unbelievers fall in 2000 leavers
Landing more needles than the route of all evil
Dom perignon, henny
Outsidaz, cause we all scary
Shells Buried from in hell’s very
Skunk glary, my 51 Chevy, gun's near me
Squatting on the wheelie with them truck jewelery
Come on

[Verse 2: Young Zee]
You got a big mouth, when you rap
I whip my dick out
And mouth-slap you and make you kiss my out tattoo
And leave you with wet stains until you bleed red rain
And for the next days you’ll need fucking X-rays for your chest pains
The Outz splurging for drinks, so I bought a round
Fuck the quarter pound, bitch, we lock this corner down
In a fact, you’ll be robing in a black pea coat
I’ll eat gold and flip the remote while you main bitch do me a deep throat
And word is raw since we all can’t get along til I’m dead and gone
Y'all gon' all get shitted on
Come on now

[Hook]
We be the hard act to follow (Follow!)
We the hard act to follow (follow)
We be the hard act to follow (Follow!)
We the hard act to follow (Follow!)
(Hard act to follow) Follow!
A hard act to follow (follow)
Outsidaz, come on!

[Verse 3: Azz-Iz]
Azz-Iz high as space high
You blonders state side, take sides
And get ate like steak fries
Unwise guys stuffed with televised lies
Till headaches buy size
Blood sung: sci fi
Off the wet pep, I need dregs and take lives
The raw rasta, bang harder and breaks the boxer
Flow's aqua, spada, lada void cutta
Burn ‘em, rip the infrared gutta
And the horror the terror for ya pappa sick and bye bye
Send a chopper, die before ya reach the doctor
C’mon!

[Verse 4: Slang Ton]
It's tha iza mashtons
I ya wanna hit your ass kicked, just hit the av and pick ya stash with sixty bags and
Get this fucking filling craft and get the matches
I smoke more than 50 chimney hatches
I'm never quick to passin'
I smoke and choke off Simon split this pattern
Rip-o-matic, tris-o-matic
Shit, I've had it, get the average nigga blasted
In a half a second, Slang the Fattest on a record
And check it, I ain't half this racket till that ass get naked
Settle for cash and slap, kid, pass the necklace

[Verse 5: Eminem]
Product of espionage
Piss drunk on pepsi and Scotch
Sticking my fucking foot up a lesbian's crotch while pedestrians watch
Gangsters bow down to a mightier villian
There might be a million outsidaz
Hiding on the side of your building
Say goodbye to your children
Notify your next to kin
Bring some extra men
If anyone on your team expects to win
The effects of gin made me a smart ass with a bossy mouth
Six bouncers had to come and toss me out some coffee house
It ain't a riddle
After you flat line in the hospital
While I'm in the middle row at your funeral wake
Fucking your widow
Someone call the nurse and tell her to strap me down I need a harness
I bleed bizarreness
Spitting blood like Kiss'es lead guitarist

[Verse 6: Rah Digga]
Now who be yappin‘ ‘bout they shit the bomb
With them stife-ass tricks you tryna sell nickles for dimes
Boys, I’m that bitch
Chump change be 6 digits
Doing remixes for all them R and B bitches
Ya motherfuckin‘ rosters
Be filled with imposters
Digga not fresh like Lil Kim singin‘ gospel
‘Cause we be the tightest in this whole rap race
You get your contract cancelled like Homeboys In Outer Space
Come on

[Hook]
We be the hard act to follow (Follow!)
We the hard act to follow (follow)
We be the hard act to follow (Follow!)
We the hard act to follow (Follow!)
(Hard act to follow) Follow!
A hard act to follow (follow)
Outsidaz, come on!