[Hook: Nicki Minaj]
I feel pretty (x3)
And witty
And gay
And I pity any girl who isn't me tonight

[Verse 1: Eminem]
I ain't into S&M, but my whip's off the chain
A little drop of candy paint drips off the frame
Twisted-ass mind, got a pretzel for a brain
An eraser for a head, fucking pencil for a frame
You don't like it then peel off, bitch
Every last woman on Earth I'll kill off, and I still wouldn't fuck you, slut
So wipe the smile on your grill off
I swear to God I'll piss a Happy Meal off
Get the wheels turning, spin, and wheel off
Snap the axle in half, bust the tie-rod
Quit hollering "Why, God?" He ain't got shit to do with it
Bygones'll never be bygones, so won't be finished swallowing my wad
I ain't finished blowing it, nice bra
Hope it'll fit a tough titty, bitch, life's hard
I swear to God, life is a dumb blonde white broad
With fake tits and a bad dye job
Who just spit in my fucking face and called me a fucking tightwad
So finally I broke down and bought her an iPod
And caught her stealing my music, so I tied her arms and legs to the bed
Set up the camera and pissed twice on her
Look, two pees and a tripod!
The moral to the story is, life's treating you like dry sod?
Kick it back in its face, my God
It's Shady and Nicki Minaj, you might find the sight quite odd
But don't ask why, bitch (Ask why not)

[Hook: Eminem]
I feel ugly (x3)
Slut don't touch me or hug me
I'm mad and I pity any girl who gets with me tonight

[Verse 2: Nicki Minaj]
You wanna sleep on me? Overnight?
I'm the motherfucking boss, overwrite
And when I pull up, vroom, motorbike
Now all my niggas getting buck, overbite
I see them dusty-ass Filas, Levi's
Raggedy Ann, holes in your knee-highs
I call the play, now do you see why?
These bitches calling me Manning Eli
I hear them mumbling, I hear the cackling
I got 'em scared, shook, panicking
Overseas, church, Vatican
You at a standstill, mannequin

[Verse 3: Eminem]
All you lil' faggots can suck it, no homo
But I'mma stick it to 'em like refrigerator magnets
And I'm crooked enough to make straitjackets bend
Yeah, look who's back again, bitch, keep acting as if
You had the same passion that I have, yeah, right
Still hungry, my ass, you assdicks had gastric bypass
Ain't hot enough to set fire to dry grass
And 'bout as violent as hair on eyelids but eyelash!
Go take a flying leap of faith off a fucking balcony
'fore I shove a falcon wing up your fly ass
You know what time it is, so why ask?
When Shady and Nicki's worlds clash, it's (high class) meets (white trash)

[Hook: Nicki Minaj]
I feel pretty (x3)
And witty
And gay
And I pity any girl who isn't me tonight

[Bridge: Nicki Minaj]
Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon

[Outro: Nicki Minaj]
Roman, Roman! Stop it, stop it!
You've gone mad, mad, I tell you, mad!
You and this boy Slim Shady!
What's going on? They'll lock you away!
They'll put you in a jail cell! I promise!
Take your mother's warning, Roman, please
Back to bed! Run along! Let's go! Come on!
Wash your mouth out with soap, boys