[Intro: Sample]
Jealous!
Jealous!
Jealous!
Jealous!
Jealous!
Jealous!
Jealous!
Jealous!

[Woman's voice: (talking over the singing)]
Jealous?! What he mean "jealous"?
Know what I'm sayin'? He just mad ‘cause he all with them ugly hoes, know what I'm sayin'?
Girls don't buy him no clothes
He bought that ho some clothes!
He don't buy me no clothes
That nigga ain't got no money, no vibe, no dick
I mean, what do I got to be jealous fo'?
He ain't gonna make it nowhere
He ain't got no type of time
He has no career move, I mean…

[Verse 1: Eminem]
I come home every single day from workin' double shifts
And stop along the way to pick you up a couple gifts
I come inside and you pretend you miss me
When you kiss me, then you diss me
And we strenuously fight continuously
Again you frisk me, for numbers, tryin' to bust me
It must be only just because you never learned to trust me
Plus we only squabble over irrelevant issues
Too many tissues for my feelings you misuse
I buy you jewelry, you make a fool of me
I bring you diamond rings, you say I'm bad at timin' things
So what's a man to do
Wwhen all I hand to you is handed back to me?
You act to be this gangsta bitch
That ain't what first attracted me
I used to love your company
Now you’re always pumpin' me for information
And you tell your friends you plan on dumpin' me
So I'ma wait for your evacuation
‘Cause every accusation
Makes me wanna smack your face in
See, I've never been so sure, and you're just insecure
So my solution to your jealousy presents a cure
I recommend you take your things and check 'em in
Look at the nervous wreck I'm in
I need my second wind—say what?!

[Hook: Sample x8]
Jealo-!
Jealousy!
Jealousy!

[Woman's Voice: (talking over singing)]
Fuck you and what you going through! Fuck Eminem!
He just mad ‘cause I left that nigga for another man
Me and Eminem don't need nothin' but minus money
Immature, me? Nigga ain't got no dick
No swang in his thang, know what I'm sayin'?
He just mad ‘cause I'm gettin' it all night
Jealous of me, know what I'm sayin'?
That's what I'm talkin' about
Motherfucker just tryin' to get this pussy

[Verse 2: Eminem]
I used to be a puppet and a sucker for your silent treatments
I used to be intoxicated with your sweet scents
Until the day I started followin' your feetprints
And tappin' in your phone conversations
Through the heat vents—it made complete sense
There's someone else you like
So I confronted you and asked you, "Who was Mike?"
And you was like, {I want a new nigga}
"Someone rich that I could follow
And you'll be over me by the time you see tomorrow."
Leavin' me in sorrow, Brandy never felt so brokenhearted
I fell apart when you departed, then the jokin' started
I was an open target, you play comedian
And I became the laughing stock
But now I'm on my feet again
And so we meet again, you're actin' like an ex-wife
All in my sex life, I got a message from Phife
It goes, "You didn't want me to see yo' hon
Don't want me now, take the towel, wipe your brow!"
Quit tryin' to hunt me down!
You run me down and now your tryin' to apologize
For all the lies and everytime you made me ball my eyes
Because I got a bigger wallet size, you wanna swing it
Jealousy is in the house, y'all—fellas, sing it!

[Hook: Sample x8]
Jealo-!
Jealousy!
Jealousy!