[Intro: Eminem]
Down down down
Down down down
Down down down
Down okay
Guess who's back, back again
Shady's back, tell a friend
Now everyone report to the dance floor
To the dance floor, to the dance floor
Now everyone report to the dance floor
Alright, stop… pajama time

[Verse 1: Eminem]
Come here, little kiddies! On my lap!
Guess who's back with a brand new rap?
And I don't mean "rap" as in a new case
Of child molestation accusations
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, no worries
Papa's got a brand new bag of toys
What else could I possibly do to make noise?
I done touched on everything but little boys
And that's not a stab at Michael
That's just a metaphor, I'm just psycho
I go a little bit crazy sometimes
I get a little bit out of control with my rhymes
Good God, dip, do a little slide
Bend down, touch your toes, and just glide
Up the center of the dance floor
Like TP for my bung-hole
And it's cool if you let one go
Nobody's gonna know; who'd hear it?
Give a little "poot poot," it's okay
(*fart*) Oops, my CD just skipped
And everyone just heard you let one rip

[Chorus: Eminem]
Now I'm gonna make you dance
It's your chance, yeah boy, shake that ass
Whoops, I mean girl… girl, girl, girl
Girl, you know you're my world
Alright, now lose it! (ah ah ah ah ah)
Just lose it! (ah ah ah ah ah)
Go crazy! (ah ah ah ah ah)
Oh, baby (ah ah) oh, baby, baby (ah ah)

[Bridge 1: Eminem]
Well, it's Friday and it's my day
Just to party all the way 'til Sunday
Maybe 'til Monday, I don't know what day
Every day's just a holiday
Cruisin' on the freeway, feelin' kinda breezy
Let the top down and my hair blow
I don't know where I'm goin', all I know is
When I get there someone's gonna touch my body

[Verse 2: Eminem & Dr. Dre]
'Scuse me, miss, I don't mean to sound like a jerk
But I'm feelin' just a little stressed out from work
Could you punch me in the stomach and pull my hair
Spit on me, maybe gouge my eyes out? (Yeah)
Now, what's your name, girl? What's your sign?
Man, you must be up out your mind
Dre (ah ah) beer goggles, blind
I'm just tryin' to unwind, now I'm…

[Chorus]
Now I'm gonna make you dance
It's your chance, yeah boy, shake that ass
Whoops, I mean girl… girl, girl, girl
Girl, you know you're my world
Alright, now lose it! (ah ah ah ah ah)
Just lose it! (ah ah ah ah ah)
Go crazy! (ah ah ah ah ah)
Oh, baby (ah ah) oh, baby, baby (ah ah)

[Bridge 2: Eminem]
Well, it's Tuesday and I'm locked up
I'm in jail and I don't know what happened
They say I was runnin' butt-naked
Down the street screamin' (ah ah ah ah)
Your honor, I'm sorry, I don't remember
All I know is this much, I'm not guilty
They said, "Save it, boy, we got you on tape
Yellin' at an old lady to touch my body!"

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Now this is the part where the rap breaks down
It gets real intense, no one makes a sound
Everything looks like it's 8 Mile now
The beat comes back and everybody lose themselves
Now snap back to reality; look, it's B. Rabbit!
"Yo, you signed me up to battle? I'm a grown man!"
Chubba-chubba-chubba-chubba-chubba-chubba-chubby
I don't have any lines to go right here, so chubba Teletubby
Fellas! (what?) Fellas! (what?)
Grab your left nut, make your right one jealous (what?)
Black girls, white girls, skinny girls, fat girls
Tall girls, small girls, I'm calling all girls
Everyone report to the dance floor
It's your chance for a little romance or
Butt-squeezin', it's the season
Just go (ah ah ah ah); it's so appeasin'

[Chorus: Eminem]
Now I'm gonna make you dance
It's your chance, yeah boy, shake that ass
Whoops, I mean girl… girl, girl, girl
Girl, you know you're my world
Alright, now lose it! (ah ah ah ah ah)
Just lose it! (ah ah ah ah ah)
Go crazy! (ah ah ah ah ah)
Oh, baby (ah ah) oh, baby, baby (ah ah)

[Outro: Eminem]
Touch my body
Touch my body
Oh boy, touch my body
I mean girl, touch my body