[Intro: Bizarre]
Mike Strange
Welcome to Our World
Turn your CD's up!

[Eminem]
WOOO!!!!! Yeah! AAAAAAHHHH!!!! (Motherfuckers think they know us)
Guess who's back? D-Twizzie! O-Trizzy!
Doc-Drizzy! Shady-Twizzie slash Aftermath!
50 cent! G-Unit! Here we go! Free Yayo!
Motherfuck a Benzino! They don't know we finna blow!
Someone better tell them so

[Verse 1: Swifty McVay]
You don't know McVay and I doubt if you understand me
Why would I give a fuck about you if we ain't family?
I roll with a chosen few and those of you that's behind me
Witness the most coldest, ferocious niggas that rhyme
These bitches turn they back on you, acting like they ain't did shit
When you rapping never mix business up with your friendship
If you lacking up in this jungle, then what you breathe for?
Niggas's don't love you, you got habits of breaking street codes
Far as static, I automatically get medieval
When I'm after people, then I'll explode you bitches with C-4
These hoes have no insurance, bodies get repo'
Making you vanish even when we ain't got our heat close
Keeping .44's where your hoes are swallowing deep throat
If you owe me dough then you know you falling asleep, close
Niggas pupils that's what I do, I'm foolish will shoot you
Cuz' I'm coo-coo, but I don't think niggas be taking heed though

[Hook: Kon Artis] (2X)
See I'm a man, and a man gon' do what he gotta do
And he ain't really family if he ain't loyal to you
If they was really soldiers then they would do what we do
And be loyal to crew when crew was loyal to you

[Verse 2: Bizarre]
I don't give a fuck, I'm quick to blaze chronic
Smoke on so much green, you swear I was a supersonic
Bizarre pack guns and knives, put to dick to nuns and wives
Now who the fuck want to fight?
Ain't nobody fucking with me, Ain't nobody fucking with the D
They get beat like a M-P
You heard about Bizarre taking all them drugs
You heard about Proof wilding in the clubs
You heard about that nine that Eminem packs
You diss us, you get your fucking face cracked
I'm from 7 Mile and Stout, I'll shoot up your house
Next day, I'll pee in your mouth

[Verse 3: Obie Trice]
Ayo, loyalty's first, all the bullshit second
I showed you on the record, Cheers to who respect it
Most of these niggas neglect it
Even though it's a known method
From the hectic hood that you slept in
You wanna be an exception
That's when the weapon is leaving you half steppin'
With that 'caine in your left hand
Obie from a section that'll stain up your flesh and
Have you on bed breast
Questioning your affection for streets
D-Twizzie no question
One of the best groups that done it
And Obie is their reflection
Lil homie that know soley that loyalty is reppin'
D-Twizzie for life, Obie Trice is second

[Hook] (2X)

[Verse 4: Proof]
Which one of you niggas wanna be bulsh' and bump heads
When I got a passion for clapping... with one hand
Talent's on my roster this mobster'll dump lead
Send a gangsta to sleep two by two like bunk beds
Never leave the crib without packing my black burner
On some Chi Ali rapper to murk and have murder
Incorporated, Hitman Harry is at your service
Reach for me one more gain' and that's curtains
For life as D12, no ice and spreewells
Every night that I chill in, I fight by free-will
Knowing I can be killed
Leaving my group, pieces of proof
With a reason to shoot and a license to ill
We lost Bugz and I'll be damned if we loose another man from our clan
Without forcing our hand
Extorting your family, I'll torture your granny
For my niggas, I'm on your motherfucking porch with a Cammy

[Hook] (2X)

[Verse 5: Da Brigade (Kuniva & Kon Artis)]
Yo, it's funny how niggas get caught alone (And get bombed on)
Knock your teeth in back of your throat (And break you're jaw bone)
(I'm on ignorant shit) these niggas is bitch
Pass me a cigarette quick (Shit is finna get thick)
Your man'll get split (By a brutal and critical hit)
With identical dents (Or bullets with identical prints)
I'm wishing you if (You come your Lieutenant's a snitch)
Your timid and sick (And we know you ain't finna do shit)
I'll stick with my clique (The Kon Artis, Bomb Artist)
Kuniva, The Rida (Shooting through your fucking Long John garmets)
Dirty Dozen (We deep in the street)
Unbelievable heat, we'll even lay you out in front of the chief of police
Motherfucker

[Hook] (2X)

[Outro: Kon Artis]
Yeah! D-Twizzie
D12, Dirty Dozen
Nothing but family up in this motherfucker
Loyal to everything that we do
You ain't never gonna catch none of us slipping by ourself
Cause we always together
You know what I'm saying
Y'all niggas don't know what family means
Bugz watching over our ass
That's why we still alive now
Knocking y'all niggas out of the clubs and shit
Haha! Runyon Ave Baby!
Shady Records! Haha!
Where your momma at, nigga?