[Intro: Eminem and Denaun Porter]
Denaun, what up, man?
What up, dawg?
You alright?
Chillin', cold as hell
Yes, it is. Hey, bus didn't come here, didn't he?
No. Hey look, you got 15 cent?
Nah, I got just enough to get on the bus, I'm broke
We gotta go to the store. Alright, man?
Quick, ‘cause I'm short
Yeah, we gonna have enough time to go to the store?
Nah, look
You should just, how much you got there?
I only got 75, I'm sure I got a dollar, know what I mean?
Just throw it in there, they ain't gonna know. You know what? Aye look, I'm sick of takin' this damn bus everywhere, man
You gotta make some moves or somethin'
I know, look, I'm tryna get rich
I got a baby on the way, I don't even got a car. You know what I'm sayin'?
I still stay with my moms, 21 and still with my moms
Yeah, look, hey, we gotta make some hit records or somethin', you know what I'm sayin'?
‘Cause I'm tired of bein' broke

[Verse 1: Eminem]
‘Cause all I do is yearn a life without a concern
And dream of havin' a turn to earn money to burn
Mappin' out my strategies to get rich, huh
My desire is like a scratch that needs to get itched, huh
‘Cause, man, I live in the D, this shit ain't given for free
Nothin' is different to me, so what else is there to see?
I'll be the prisoner to flee from all of this misery
I'm not wishin' to be another fish in the sea
But just an MC, so listen to me for this and agree
You're missin' the key, you ain't even in the vicinity
Unconditionally, my aspects to cash checks
My objects were never to swab decks
It's up to you, the decision is yours
If what you vision is tours, or a missionless course
When your shit is in the stores, ‘cause you can be a star

[Hook: Eminem]
No matter wherever you are
You're never too far from revenue par
‘Cause you can be king
You can rule the world, you can do anything
It's on you, baby, ‘cause you can be a star
No matter wherever you are
You're never too far from revenue par
‘Cause you can be king
You can rule the world, you can do anything
It's on you, baby, ‘cause you can be a star
No matter wherever you are
You're never too far from revenue, huh

[Interlude: Eminem and Denaun]
Em: You know what I'm sayin'? See what I'm talkin' about, man? ‘Cause that's it. Yeah.
A million dollars ain't even that far away, man.
De: Yo, we got to get the money, man!
I can't be broke for the rest of my life!
Em: Yeah, I hear what your sayin'. Look, there's got to be somethin' better, you know what I'm sayin'?
De: I can't live like this for the rest of my life, man.
Bummin' rides everywhere I go.
Em: Yeah, what's up with Lexus's and Land Cruisers?

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Yo, I'm not about to chance it and dismiss handlin' business
I'm cancelin' Christmas to gamble and risk this
Financial interest is the matter at hand
I got an adequate plan for stab at a grand
I grab what I can and do what I must
Pursue what I lust, it's true that I just
Choose the few that I trust
Them's the people that I still got
Fuck with gangsta Philpot, get your grill shot
The 5 Ela for life: my man Thyme
Proof, Kyu and Denaun, we move through in the nine
My crew's true and divine, we never fronted
We just wanted to be funded, and live to be a hundred
Instead of hunted or bein' wanted as fugitives
It's all about a man plannin' what his future is
What he can do for his to be a star

[Hook: Eminem]
No matter wherever you are
You're never too far from revenue par
‘Cause you can be king
You can rule the world, you can do anything
It's on you, baby, ‘cause you can be a star
No matter wherever you are
You're never too far from revenue par
‘Cause you can be king
You can rule the world, you can do anything
It's on you, baby, ‘cause you can be a star
No matter wherever you are
You're never too far from revenue, huh

[Outro: Eminem and Denaun]
Em: That's what I'm talkin' about.
I'm not tryna be the player, I'm tryna be the mayor.
I want to be president.
De: Yo, forgot that president, man.
I'm tryna be king, makin' dead presidents.
You know what I'm sayin'?
Gettin' money any time I want, ownin' my own businesses and all that. You know what I'm sayin'?
Em: Yeah, I'm tryna be a millionaire, man.
De: Hahaha, but don't all, you know?
You only live once, '96, baby