[Intro]
I'm the man!

[Verse 1: M&M]
I stand in, flapped by the wind as I begin
Do you know who I am? And met a reply with a grin
Yes, I'm tired of being untooted
Why should I be secluded? I've got a brand new horn to be tooted
To sum it up in a nutshell, "M&M will you kick it for me?"
A place where I dwell in, pull onto some wonderful productions
To make up for lost time, anything is obstruction
Finally let loose, unloading the stockpile
A mental projectile, I aim like the Reptile
I look to the one-handed juggler and ask him this
"Why do you insist on stepping to an octopus?"
Is there a reason for this? The hatred is aggravating
How many times will it take you before you realise you're fading?
Fading from existence because simulations are dead
There's so much more to learn, and pages left to be read
So put up the front, while you jam for the grammar that's poor
While I hold the scrapbook, that's heavier than the hammer of the mighty Thor
Words can weigh a ton, therefore its never to fall into the hands of the wrong one


[Hook (Scratched samples)]
Yeah, Yeah x8
Its another

[Verse 2: M&M]
Very few have made an attempt to put a foot on the other side
But I see no borderline from under this colorblind
Now some will probably never hold pieces of the sacred
But then I'm finally about to put an end to the hatred
War, the world will never enter the arguing
Awakening to the absence of unity is startling
Oh foolish pride, what the hell is you trying to do?
You cannot beat someone that's better than you, so quit trying to
The echo we want don't mean nothing by despicable
So how do you think you can manage to kick the unkickable?
You're graceless, bland, you're tasteless and you're faceless and you're dull
Its time you faced this, here, taste this
Straight from off of the pile, one of the numerous styles
The date of my birth on the earth, the deliverance of a star child
Rest with formidable talent and versatility
But such a power, there comes a responsibility
To infringe on the boundaries so now the defiance is clear
To form an alliance that's something even the giants fear
So instead of being oblivious to a color of skin
Rufuser abusing is accepted, now its a trend

[Hook]

[Interlude: M&M]
You know, I don't understand why we all just can't get along
You hate me, but you know me and what I stand for
No? so why do you speak for me and every other white man when you say that we're your enemy?

[Verse 3: M&M]
On the floor lies a broken door, because I'm not to be spoken for
Stereotypes and superstitions, and fictional folklore
Rarely do you see the lighter side of me
I try to be persuasive but oh, so impatient!
Been trying to end the rivalry
But I've heard the entice delayed it, apologies are exhausted
Feelings are turning glacial, never to be defrosted
Who can I trust after repeatedly being shafted?
Switch to the opposite, now scenes are being reenacted
Pull up, set fort by his group, his tour is quick
He's practiced obviating, we hate him as bad as a pastor, huh
Always fighting for the position of top dog
The spots already occupied and I don't play leap frog
Because I do not wish to fight over territory that's already mine
But I'm always having to prove myself time after time
Oh How I never understand how a man could be outcast
Judged from the past and he's put last
But nothing but nothing to say, stuttering and slurring
And muttering words with no meaning, attack me sounding like Danny K
Here I go again, hammering, stammering, grammaring
Eating it like cheese, pass me the crackers please
I've got a craving

[Sample until fade]
I'm the man!