[Hook: Eminem]
I don't wanna go to school, I don't need no education!
(We don't need no education)
I don't wanna be like you, I don't wanna save the nation! (daddy no!)
I just wanna live my life, every day a celebration!
(We don't need no thought control)
One day I'mma leave this world, I'm waiting for the revelation!

[Verse 1: Bizarre]
I wanna kill myself! I'm still debating
In front of a baptist church masturbating, praying to Satan
Think I'm crazy cause I smoke crack
Live on B with the mac in a two family flat (fuck it)
Tired of getting hit in the face with a broom
My moms on her period, my dad's in my room (Daddy no!)
I got ten rocks and I need to get out
I sold them in five minutes, at my own damn house (Moms smoke crack)
My poor grandmother, God bless her soul
The bitch got AIDS (aww) she just waiting to die of a cold (hahaha)
There's three things that keep me from being a Nazi:
I'm black, a fag, and my dad's Liberace

[Verse 2: Kon Artis]
No matter how bad the beating, I went to school cheating
My dad whooped my ass at a PTA meeting
Skipping school I had to have nuts just to do it
Got bored and became truant
When I had the gall to go I just couldn't do it
I was lured into corners by the peer pressure shit
How would you feel if you was held by the tip of a barrel
Getting threatened to get your skin ripped to bone marrow
Bet suburban kids never got rushed for their apparel
Like me, outcast, last to class
First to leave, when the teacher called on me
Best believe I had something up my sleeve

[Verse 3: Eminem]
I've been praised and labeled as crazed
My mother was unable to raise me, full of crazy rage
An angry teenager, nothing can change me back
Gangsta rap made me act like a maniac
I was boosting, so influenced by music I used it
As an excuse to do shit, ooh I was stupid
No one can tell me nothing hip-hop overwhelmed me
To the point where it had me in a whole 'nother realm
It was like isolating myself was healthy
It felt like we was on welfare but wealthy
Compelled me to excel when school had failed me
Expelled me and when the principal would tell me
I was nothing, and I wouldn't amount to shit
I made my first million and counted it
Now look at, a fucking drop-out that quit
Stupid as shit, rich as fuck, and proud of it
That's why

[Hook: Eminem]
I don't wanna go to school, I don't need no education!
(We don't need no education)
I don't wanna be like you, I don't wanna save the nation! (daddy no!)
I just wanna live my life, everyday a celebration!
(I don't need no self control)
One day I'mma leave this world, I'm waiting for the revelation!

[Verse 4: Swifty McVay]
I was raised with a rifle and mask
Steadily beating my psychiatrist ass just for asking about my past
(bitch) I was never on that punk shit; fucking around
Can get your beloved abducted, smothered in blood quick
You couldn't pay Swift to give a fuck
Was crazy like my father, it must of been poison in that nigga's nut
Far as probation, fuck peeing in cups
I violate at any time, let them see the blunt
I grew up steadily masturbating inside of cells
Young as hell, having conversations with myself
You could tell I wasn't lenient, a disobedient
Lynched and slapped teachers, bitch I'm not reading it
You don't know what dogs go through, a little nigga
Sipping liquor with my old dude, what the fuck you gon' do?
I'm quick to curse you, I told my mother that I'mma hurt you
If you ever again mention that curfew

[Verse 5: Kuniva]
Look, my family ignores me and I don't like that
They don't even listen when I tell them I'll be right back
(Yeah whatever) This nice beautiful house ma, it don't mean shit
Cause you know daddy's a drunk and he don't clean shit
And yesterday he hit me like a grown fucking man
I couldn't stand up to him, I just ducked and ran
I'm sick of this, I wish on Christmas
That I can get a loaded four-fifth and put a fucking end to this
(Fuck it) I got no friends and I can't get a bitch
Only thing I have is dirty magazines and sticky fingertips
Nothing to smile about, I'm about to lose my mind
Got me an automatic nine, now I'm wilding out

[Verse 6: Proof]
When school's over, pu-pil are people to shoot through
Kids going cuckoo, with a two-two
Since my friend is this new dude, in this high school
Losing his noodle learn that people don't like you
The football jocks is, spitting on him
Popular kids in school is now picking on him
Burn out youngster niggas now hitting on him
And his teacher in his english class keep flipping on him
And now he's grounded with no allowances
For drinking forty ounces, 'cause he was caught by his counselors
And why the fuck I gotta ride the bench coach?
Already got expelled for wearing a trench coat
All I ever seen is... (Violence, violence...)
Told me to keep silent, stop battin' my eyelids
It's apparent that my parents weren't parents at all
That's why I blew out my brains in front of the wall (Fuck you!)

[Hook: Eminem]
I don't wanna go to school, I don't need no education!
(We don't need no education)
I don't wanna be like you, I don't wanna save the nation! (daddy no!)
I just wanna live my life, everyday a celebration!
(I don't need no self control)
One day I'mma leave this world, I'm waiting for the revelation!

[Outro / Skit: Eminem]
If you don't eat your meat, how can you have any pudding?
How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat?
If you don't eat your meat, you can't have any pudding!
You can't have any pudding if you don't eat your meat!