[Intro]
What's your favorite scary movie?
Yo, Slim Shady (Yo, Royce 5'9)
Y'all wanna make a movie? (What)
We got the film right here

[Verse 1: Royce]
Yeah, I'm one of them pretty rappers
Buck if I really have to, I really slap you
King of Detroit, who they namin' the city after
Scandalous partners, whose grammar hammers the hard shit
Into your heart with... content, yo who wanna start with?
Expert? Bad and Evil is comin' soon
MC's get stuck, head first back in they mother's womb
This shit is written, in my eyes I'm the illest MC spittin'
Leavin' all of you cats shittin' kittens
I gotta diss you, my niggas be cockin' pistols
Shot and split you, fuck splittin' the profits with you
Six percent of y'all niggas is just pretend
Cliques with clits, pussy niggas stink with dicks
Niggas act bully, and blast for the fast penny
My auto is fully, plenty of niggas packin' semi
Speak darts; yo, you get paid? Rhymin' about it is the
Sweet part, you can't be street smart with a cheap heart
Five Nine, a street nigga with deep feelin'
I keep illin', my steeze willin' to keep killin'
Fuck rap, a lotta y'all all is just acts
Trust that, you rhyme all wack on rough tracks
Bust and then we all black when you get bust back at
Buck that, you get blast at, you get laughed at
And I'mma spit thunder, stick to my guns
Niggas is finished before they gimmicks, one-hit wonders
What? Big balls, that's why when I spit, your clique stalls
I'm a pitbull, I'm just dog, I'm just raw
Split y'all, holler, "It's on!" Then I diss y'all
All of y'all niggas get pissed on claimin' you pissed off

[Hook]
Y'all want drama? Wanna make a scary movie?
Rappers comin' in with they team and carry toolies
You can jump right out of the screen and barely move me
We hard-hittin', directin' and starrin' in it
Y'all want drama? Wanna make a scary movie?
Rappers comin' in with they team and carry toolies
You can jump right out of the screen and barely move me
We hard-hittin', directin' and starrin' in it

[Verse 2: Eminem]
The one man on the planet that'll drive off at the Grand Canyon
Hop out of a Grand Am and land in it handstandin'
Any man plannin' to battle will get snatched out of his clothes
So fast it'll look like an invisible man standin'
I'm headed for Hell, I'd rather be dead or in jail
Bill Clinton, hit this, and you better inhale
Cause any MC that chooses to go against me
Is getting taken advantage of like Monica Lewinsky (Leave me alone!)
Came home in a frenzy, pushin' a ten speed
Screamin' to Aunt Peg with three spokes stickin' outta my pant leg
Fuck a headache, give me a migraine, dammit I like pain
And you should be anywhere that a mic ain't
You rap knowing you wack, you act up and I'm throwin' you
Down a flight of steps then I'm throwin' you back up them
If they don't like the track, fuck them, the rap struck 'em harder
Than getting hit by a Mack truck and then backed up on
And any half-assed known rapper to trespass
Better be ready for the second Celebrity Deathmatch
So tell the medic to bring the medication in quickly
I'm sicker than the 2Pac dedication to Biggie
I'm free-fallin' feet first out of a damn tree
To stampede your chest 'til you can't breathe
And when I'm down to my last breath...
I'mma climb the Empire State Building
And get to the last step and still have half left

[Hook]
Y'all want drama? Wanna make a scary movie?
Rappers comin' in with they team and carry toolies
You can jump right out of the screen and barely move me
We hard-hittin', directin' and starrin' in it
Y'all want drama? Wanna make a scary movie?
Rappers comin' in with they team and carry toolies
You can jump right out of the screen and barely move me
We hard-hittin', directin' and starrin' in it

[Outro]
Bad, the Bad (Uhh, when the Bad meets the Bad, yo)
The Evil (Take the Evil with the Evil)
Put 'em together (What? Nine-nine)
Two times, Slim Shady, Royce da 5'9