[Intro: Rondell Beene, (Eminem)]
Bitch (Yeah)

[Chorus 1]
Shit can happen, shit can happen
Shit can happen, shit can happen
Shit can happen, shit can happen
Shit can happen, shit can happen

[Verse 1: Kon Artis]
That's right motherfuckers we back
Same slanging, orangatanging, wilding out on hoodrats
They say I act like I'm too famous to say hi
And tell 'em what my name is but really I'm still nameless
You niggas don't get it yet, do you
Deal or not, platinum or flop I still put it through you
With a Luger that'll spit fire
And hit higher than a pitch by a bitch like Mariah
You think for one second since we got a deal
That we won't deal wit you in front of St. Andrew's still?
You gay rappers better learn that
I won't stop until I see 'em turn back
If you don't slow that roll you got
You gon' see these Runyan Ave. niggas that really need some Prozac
Fo' sho' that, ask the others, Brigade'll lay you down
Next to your mother's mother's grandmother

[Verse 2: Kuniva]
You know I'm feeling real rowdy tonight
Ready to fight and half the niggas I give dap to I don't even like
The same cat who never gave a damn about your name
I gives a fuck about it like the next L.A. Clippers' game (bitch)
I kill you in ways you couldn't even fathom (punk)
You and your madame, it's really unexplainable how I have 'em
Who call theyself screaming about a challenge (what?)
Nigga we got a gift while you barely making it off mere talent
My skills are deeply embedded even your ho said it (uh-huh)
She was knock kneed I fucked her now she's bow legged
In the middle of rapping I drop the mic (what?)
And have a stare down and jump in the crowd and start scrapping (bitch)
Kuniv' and Kon Artis, my nigga we get it cracking
While the paramedics pick you up we on the side laughing

[Hook: Kon Artis]
Now this ain't funny so don't you dare laugh
Shit can happen to him and yo' ass
You can be touched don't think you can't
Cause niggas ain't fuckin around no more man
Now this ain't funny so don't you dare laugh
Shit can happen to him and yo' ass
You can be touched don't think you can't
Cause niggas ain't fuckin around no more man

[Verse 3: Swifty McVay]
The feds can't hold me, I hold feds
I was born with a dark ass cloud over my head
Raining acid, you can't refrain from getting yo' ass kicked
Cause you talk too much - you asked for it
I'm on some massive shit, everybody ignore me
They wouldn't fuck with me if I was performing at an orgy
These niggas get confronted (whattup now?) then they change stories
I cut you and they thinking everything's hunky dory
I even have you pouring me the gasoline for me
Pulling up slowly, cocktailing your homie
You met a lot of niggas but you wouldn't wanna know me (f'real)
Yo' ass might not even make it home wit your Roley
Don't even try, in your system like e. coli
Trying to beef with me, nigga please yo' people die
I'm so wicked that my mama gave birth illegally
I survived the abortion immediately, SURPRISE! AAAAAH!

[Verse 4: Eminem]
Picture me sitting in a jail cell rotting (Shit!!)
Or barricaded in a motel with twelve shotguns
So when the cops come knocking each hand's got one
Cocked, ready to dump slugs heavy as shotputs
One man army, guns can't harm me
Young and ornery, worse than my Uncle Ronnie
Ever since I got my first gun pulled on me
I can't stop airing out my dirty laundry
Middle fingers flipped at censorship
Your friends just flipped over the swift penmanship
Ever since I spit some shit on Infinite
I've been giving it 110%
Cause when I vent - most of my energy's spent on enemies
80% of what I invent is Hennessey
20% is from being hungry as sin
10's because I love being under your skin *SHIT!*
Yeah! Shit can happen, so stick to rapping
Quit the yapping or I'mma lift the mac and
That can lead to another mishap happening
Skip the crap get the can of whoop-ass cracking!

[Hook]
Now this ain't funny so don't you dare laugh
Shit can happen to him and yo' ass
You can be touched don't think you can't
Cause niggas ain't fuckin around no more man
Now this ain't funny so don't you dare laugh
Shit can happen to him and yo' ass
You can be touched don't think you can't
Cause niggas ain't fuckin around no more man

[Outro Over Hook: Eminem]
It can and it will (nigga, nigga)
Fuck around with Amityville and you DIE
Insanity spills from the mentality of twelve motherfuckers
In six different bodies with their personalities split
Fucking you up with hit after hit
Sticking you up with clip after clip
Making you suck dick after dick
Dirty motherfucking dozen
The Kon Artis, motherfucking Peter S. Bizarre
Swifty McVay, the Kuniva, Dirty FATHER-fucking Harry
Putting you down in a cemetery, you get buried
All you of you motherfuckers suck our motherfucking cocks!
We are not playing, we are not playing
We are not bullshitting, this is not a motherfucking joke!
All of you motherfuckers get smoked!