[Intro: scratches by DJ Mighty Mi]

"Shady! That's me!" -> Slim Shady
"High and Mighty Trilogy" -> Mr. Eon
"Back with the flyest material" -> Erick Sermon
"Shady... Sh... Shady!" -> Slim Shady
"That that... that's me!" -> Slim Shady
"High.. High and.. Mighty Trilogy" -> Mr. Eon
"Back with the..."
"Funky... beats" -> Erick Sermon

[Verse 1: Mr. Eon]
Packing this third eye, pursue a Cyclops
They trade in they high tops for nice sized white rocks (Excuse me)
Words in my right, that pass my left ear
Your style is ass-out like the Bulls are next year (you're GONE)
Fear this veneer, you get stung like virgins
Who that cat splurging instead of rehearsing?
Tough guys, degentrify your high rise
Looking more like Ronald than them fucking Fry Guys
Go on uptown fucking senoritas
In Taco Bell screaming, "Viva gorditas!"
Bring all your dogs - I give em rabies
They never had a chance like my two aborted babies (WAAAH!)
Got Pope John Paul the 2nd, praying to Satan
Have your vegan girlfriend cooking up bacon
On barbituates with that shit that you hit
Smoke my spliffs withcha, cause spina bifida

[Verse 2: Slim Shady]
My nine is lifting ya six feet when I spray rounds
Hit you with twelve shots in mid-air
And four more on the way down
As eight strays graze through a kid's hair on the playground
You lay down on a stretcher (Don't get carried away now!)
No pun intended, just hop out of your whip
And leave it unattended before I whip out this gun and end it
Unless you want it dented with bullet holes any minute
‘Cause I can leave your Infinite full of those
Even if someone's in it
Snatch the airbag, hit the corner and park it
Corner the market, I got her tied up in a chair and gagged
Bitches get smacked and grabbed by the hair and dragged
Like cavewomen, while I'm gravediggin' with Marilyn Mans'

[Hook: Mr. Eon & Slim Shady]
If you got a bowl of hash better cash it
Got a satchel? Flash it, I'mma take your last hit
And if you spittin wack shit on the microphone
I'mma snatch it outta your hand so fast I'mma detach it
So if you got a bowl of hash, you better cash it
Got a satchel? Flash it, I'mma take your last hit
I'm flabbergasted off two tabs of acid
Threw my baby's mother in the hatchback and latched it

[Verse 3: Mr. Eon]
Yo yo, "Eon's wack now," how you think that?
Couldn't get on my record if you were shrink rap (can I get a rhyme?)
Desecrate a crate with these rhymes I be toting
Let's go back online and jerk off on your modem
I got stupid mucus from these loose lips
My loose leaf leave your whole persona weak
To the point that you stand up on your feet, best retreat
Let's go back in time and steal my whole steez
The Quickening, did a bris at the christening
I'm exercising, doing liftings and twistings
Instinct's the nicest, I keep telling you
What the fuck this guy on the corner been selling you?

[Verse 4: Slim Shady]
(Here - buy this) I'm e-mailing you at the wrong website
And misspelling you, prank you and put the fear of hell in you
Escaped Bellevue, stuffed the nurse in a purse
Disperse like I added too many words in a verse
Slim Shady, a perverted version of birth
Driving off, leaving a murdered virgin at church
The first person who searching the Earth for the motherfucker
That pulled the plug when they should have alerted the surgeon first (Kill his ass)
Get thrown curves, and hit with your own words
Leave me alone bitch! I get on my own nerves!
And if I don't got two balls and a middle finger to throw up
I'm taking off both shoes and sticking each middle toe up
(Fuck y'all!!!!)

[Hook: Mr. Eon & Slim Shady]
If you got a bowl of hash better cash it
Got a satchel? Flash it, I'mma take your last hit
And if you spittin wack shit on the microphone
I'mma snatch it outta your hand so fast I'mma detach it
So if you got a bowl of hash, you better cash it
Got a satchel? Flash it, I'mma take your last hit
I'm flabbergasted off two tabs of acid
Threw my baby's mother in the hatchback and latched it

[Slim Shady]
Any disease out there I'm willing to catch it
Slim Shady
All praises to The High & Mighty

Outro: scratches by DJ Mighty Mi

"Slim Shady", "naughty rotten rhymer"
"Mr. Eon", "illest rhyme dropper"
"Slim Shady", "naughty rotten rhymer"
"Mr. Eon", "illest rhyme dropper"
"Slim Shady"
"N....nau..naughty...ro..ro..rotten rhyme....rhyme..rhy..rhymer"
"Mr. Eon"
"Illest rhyme drop...drop..drop..dro..dro..rhyme dropper"