[Intro: Eminem]
[Eminem beatboxing.]
We should do something like that, yeah

[Hook - 50 Cent]
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, Yeah, that's what's up!
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, b-boom, Shady!

[Verse 1 - Eminem]
There's never been this, much of a menace in this game as this
And it's the, most sinister duo in the business
Once again its the, illest and realest killas
The most villainous, Dre protege, Shady apprentice
Drop them zeros and get with these heroes
Do you want losers or winners, this music is in us, and it's
Not over till we say it's finished and G-Unit spinners
Will keep spinnin', this is Hip Hop when it's in it's
Truest form, the greatest, Hate us or love us
Make voodoo dolls of us and keep sticking them pins in us
Thick as his skin is or as short as his wick is
The trick is to be able to walk big as his dick is
And as sick as his music is, or was, still is
Whatever, forever, he will be the illest
To ever sh-shock the world, what to do next
He's already reconciled with his {ex}, a chainsaw and an axe
Choke a bitch to death, strangle her neck
While we have sex, while Bill Clinton plays the sax
I sprays the facts, yeah, bring Shady on back
The maniac of rap, devil baby on crack
Resurrect, I never left, baby, I'm bad
I've gone mad, my comrade Dre-zie automatically
Says I'm too broke to fix, way beyond that
I may be off drugs, but it's made me off track
In fact, this right here very well could be the last rap
I ever do spit, I'll never do shit, that's that
Fuck it, I quit, suck on a dick, jackass
I'm done with this whack ass rap, kiss my black ass!

[Verse 2 - 50 Cent]
Nah, Em, tell them to kiss my black ass, the clean parts, the shitty parts
My bullet wounds, my beauty marks, the Fif'll tear you're ass apart
I came in this game crushin' motherfuckers from the start
Shady paid me, Shady crazy, Fifty crazy rich, bitch
Different day, nothing change, it's the same shit, trick
Teflon wrapped on, case I get clapped on
D's searching the whip, glad I left the MAC home
Still grinding, still shining, nigga lord knows
You rocking with the kid to spit sicker sick flows
I carried Game's style for nine months and gave birth to it
Now I'm feeling like a proud father watching him do it
Everyday Dre day, front and cause a melee
Turn the town upside down with a frown upside down
I smile through something fowl, and watch my money pile
I'm fucking with straight stacks, I'm kicking you straight facts
I hit you with it, bag it, pump it, bring me mines right back!

[Hook - 50 Cent (Eminem)]
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, Go 'head front, get fucked up!
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, Yeah, that's what's up!
Now boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, I hit your ass up!
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, Yeah, that's what's up! (Yeah!)
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, (It's the Re-Up!)
Shady, Shady