[Hook: NF]
Too many faces, too many faces, too many faces

[Verse 1: NF]
I know I like to preach to always be yourself
But my emotions make me feel like I am someone else
Me and pride had made a pact that we don't need no help
Which feels like I'm at war inside myself but I forgot the shells
I hold my issues up for all to see, like show and tell
A lot of people know me, but not a lot know me well
Hold my issues up for all to see, like show and tell
A lot of people know me, but they don't know me well

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Why?
Are expectations so high?
Is it the bar I set?
My arms, I stretch, but I can’t reach
A far cry from it, or it's in my grasp, but as
Soon as I grab, squeeze
I lose my grip like the flying trapeze
Into the dark, I plummet
Now the sky's blackening, I know the mark’s high
Butter-flies rip apart my stomach
Knowing that no matter what bars I come with
You're gonna hark, gripe, and that's a hard Vicodin to swallow
So I scrap these, as pressure increases, like khakis
I feel the ice cracking

[Verse 3: NF]
Yeah, what's your definition of success? (Ayy!)
I don't trust the thoughts that come inside my head
I don't trust this thing that beats inside my chest
Who I am and who I wanna be cannot connect;

[Break: Eminem]
Why?

[Verse 4: NF]
Don't think I deserve it? You get no respect (woo!)
I just made a couple mil', still not impressed
Let You Down goes triple platinum, yeah, okay, okay, I guess (ayy!)
Smile for a moment then these questions startin' to fill my head, not again!
I push away the people that I love the most; why?
I don't want no one to know I'm vulnerable; why?
That makes me feel weak and so uncomfortable; why?
Stop askin' me questions, I just wanna feel alive
Until I die—this isn't Nate's flow (woo!)
Just let me rhyme; I'm in disguise
I'm a busy person, got no time for lies; one of a kind
They don't see it; I pull out they eyes; I'm on the rise!
I've been doin' this for most my life with no advice (woo!)
Take my chances, I just roll the dice, do what I like
As a kid, I was afraid of heights, put that aside
Now I'm here and they look so surprised, well so am I, woo!


[Verse 5: Eminem]
It's true, I'm a Rubik's, a beautiful mess
At times juvenile, yes, I goof and I jest
A flawed human, I guess
But I'm doing my best to not ruin your expectations
And meet 'em, but first, the "Speedom" verse
Now, Big Sean, he's going too fast
Is he gonna shout or curse out his mom?
There was a time I had the world by the balls, eating out my palm
Every album, song I was spazzin' the fuck out on
And now I'm getting clowned and frowned on
But the only one who's looking down on me that matters now's Deshaun
Am I lucky to be around this long?...

[Hook: NF]
Too many faces, too many faces, too many faces

[Verse 6: Eminem]
Begs the question, though
Especially after the methadone
As yesterday fades and the Dresden home is burnt to the ground
And all that's left of my house is lawn
The crowds are gone
And it's time to wash out the blonde
Sales decline, the curtains drawn
They're closing the set, I'm still poking my head out from behind
And everyone who has doubt, remind
Now take your best rhyme, outdo it, now do it a thousand times
Now let 'em tell ya the world no longer cares or gives a fuck about your rhymes
And as I grow outta sight, outta mind, I might go outta mine
'Cause how do I, ever let this mic go without a fight
When I made a fuckin' tightrope outta twine?
But when I do fall from these heights, though, I'll be fine
I won't pout or cry or spiral down or whine
But I'll decide if it's my final bow this time around

[Verse 7: NF]
I keep to myself, they think I'm sorta shy, organized
Let You Down's the only song you've heard of? Well then you're behind (woo!)
Story time; wish that I could think like Big Sean does, but I just can't decide (aah!)
If I should stick my knife inside of Pennywise
I, I don't care what anybody else thinks—lies (haha!)
I do not need nobody to help me—lies
I kinda feel guilty 'cause I'm wealthy; why?
I don't understand, it's got me questionin' like, "Why?
Just tell me why"—not back to this flow
Inside I feel divided
Back when I ain't had a dime, but had the drive
Back before I ever signed, I questioned life, like, "Who am I, man?" Woo!
Nothin' to me's ever good enough
I could be workin' for twenty-four hours a day and think I never did enough
My life is a movie but there ain't no tellin' what you're gonna see in my cinema (no!)
I wanna be great but I get it in the way of myself
And I think about everything that I could never be
Why do I do it though? Ayy, yeah
Why you always lookin' aggravated?
Not a choice, you know I had to make it
When they talk about the greatest, they gon' probably never put us in the conversation
Like somethin' then I gotta take it
Write somethin' then I might erase it
I love it, then I really hate it
What's the problem, Nathan? I don't know!

[Outro: Eminem]
'Cause I'm just a man, but as long as I got a mic I'm godlike
So me and you are not alike
Bitch, I wrote "Stan"