[Intro: Violent J]
Hound dog ass muthafucka…
Raise up off my nizzos
Get off my nuts!
Get off me bitch!

[Verse 1: Shaggy 2 Dope]
Shit, muthafuckin hound dogs, what?
Swingin from my balls so hard, it's like I got a third nut
And look, I don’t care who you know, bitch
Lookin fine, get the fuck to the back of the line
Lyin to hoes, sayin you my cousin
Like my momma and your momma are sisters or somethin
Oh yeah, we down, go ahead, let 'em in
Blah! Knuckle hammers to the chin
Be down with me and I’ll be down back
Put my dick in your mouth? You’re gonna hear your neck snap (CRACK!)
In fact ho, fuck out my bus!
Ask questions like a mutt but ain’t down to fuck? (no)
You see ‘em go, you see ‘em go, you see ‘em come again
From my dick to Twiztid's dick, and then
To Violent J's dick to Blaze's Dick, try to grope us with they paws
Goddamn hound dogs!

[Hook x2]
Bow wow wow yippie yo yippie yay
Hound dogs ain't got shit to say
Bow wow wow yippie yo yippie yay
Give a dog a bone, give a dog a bone

[Verse 2: Monoxide Child]
What's the whole meanin of a hound dog? (What?)
Butt sniffin, dick lickin, all kinda rub y’all
I’m in a club, smokin on a square
Step on out to get a little fresh air
But I can't do that, I get attacked like a cardiac
People rushin front to back, they’re like "Sign that"
Ain't nothin wrong with givin me props
But actin like the punk ass cops
And swingin off my nuts has gotta stop
Walk around, spreadin rumors like you know
Sayin shit you heard me tell a ho, after a show
Homie, I don’t play that shit one bit
Fuck around and get your head cut off rite quick
Psychopathic bitch boy, peep the axe
Specializing in splittin the hound dog backs
Plottin against the whole world in facts
So get off my dick, and I’m out like that!

[Interlude 1]
[Jamie Madrox]
Alright y’all

[Random hound dog]
Wait, come here!
Oh my God, you don’t remember me?

[Jamie Madrox]
Nah...

[Random hound dog]
I had a crush on you for like, nine years…

[Jamie Madrox]
I don’t know you fat bitch!

[Random hound dog]
It's me, Jenny!
I sat behind you in Ms. Croberry's chemistry class

[Jamie Madrox]
Bitch I ain’t even go to school!

[Random hound dog]
No, I’m saying if you were to sit there
It would have been the shit
Umm, you think you could sign my shirt?

[Verse 3: Violent J]
Yeah, I remember school
Hoes back then was like "Joe Bruce? Ewwww!"
Years pass by, and look I’m a star
Now all them hoes like "Joe Bruce? Ahhhh"
I’m still that nerdy ass voodoo nut
Now I got hound dogs sniffin my butt
I could have a worm hangin out of my dick hole
And they’d be like "Well I think it's cute though"
Miss me with all that, I ain't changed any
Look at me, I make Big Pun look skinny
I’m ugly as fuck, resembling a Klingon
Hoes still let me get my ding-a-ling-a-swing on
What up with these pop kids buyin my shit?
Mainstream groupies, get off my dick!
I wanna see real Juggalos at shows
Fuck these Backstreet richy fake hoes!

[Hook x2]

[Verse 4: Blaze Ya Dead Homie]
Y'all don’t even know who the fuck I am
Yet bitches like "Who’s his friend?" Goddamn!
My lips is crusty, my feets is musty
Lift up my nuts and my inch is dusty
I ain't had pussy in eleven years
I been dead, ain't nobody sheddin tears
Look bitch, I don’t give a fuck about fame
Glock cocked for you bitches, cause I’m married to the game
Ain't no shame to the shit I speak
Slap hound dog bitches in they face for weeks, freak
I see you hatin on my Raiders cap
When back in the day you was all about that (Sure was)
Shot that ass out back in ‘89
Buried wearin Locs and this clock of mine
Rose from the dead with the Lotus clique
My guns played out, and I ain't changing shit! (nope)

[Interlude 2]
[Random hound dog]
Hey, aren't you Monoxide Child?

[Monoxide Child]
That's right bitch

[Random hound dog]
Right....the skinny one
My best friend John supposed to be cousins with you or something

[Monoxide Child]
Who?

[Random hound dog]
So like, I figured if you give me your phone number
I can give it to him, and maybe we can all hang out or something

(Monoxide Child]
Shiiiit

[Random hound dog]
Whatever
Oh my God it's Blaze!
HEY DEAD HOMIE!

[Verse 5: Jamie Madrox]
You’s a hound dog bitch, and I will smack your face
Ridin on my dick, now how my nuts taste?
Every place that I go somebody want a photograph
Or an autograph or “Can I get a dap?”
“How did y’all get started, y’all shit is really tight”
“And what be motivatin y’all to grab a pen and write?”
Listen hear lil bitch, I’m the killer in disguise
Twiztid muthafucka with the milk white eyes
I despise how you try to perpetrate like a Juggalo
But you ain't down, muthafucka, you’s a Jugga-ho
Hey ho you’re afraid of the facts
Never packin a gat, and always seen with an axe
Take another picture and I’ll break your jaw
I got an eighty pound punch for each and every one of y’all
Muthafuckas with the bitch ass hound dog face
My ass crack's exposed, go on ‘head and get a taste

[Hook x2]

[Verse 6: Violent J]
Muthafuckin hound dogs muthafucka
I got more shit to say
It be the same hound dogs in different cities
Starin at me like I’m a set of titties
Autographin T-shirts, hats, and socks
And this bitch don’t even know Riddle Box
Real Juggalos don’t want no picture
They just walk up like "What up Ninja!?"
After that, they give a fuck where I’m headin
They're like “Fuck him, we’re lookin for neden”
And I don’t need any more free tattoos
Got my arms looking like Motley Crue's
I can be talking to the finest bitch in the land
And you run up like "Hey, what up man?"
That's when I slap you right on the spot
And have Billy Bill beat you down in the parking lot
Do I think I’m better cuz neden comes easy?
Fo-sheezy, bitch!
Bottom line y’alls
Get off our balls
Psychopathic out like Biggie-Smalls

Can't fuck with Dark Lotus little Biiiiiitch!