[Verse 1: Ouija]
You a motherfuccin bitch always rapping bout a bricc
You a bricc in they wall I'm on Pink Floyd shit
Must be 7-0-6 cause I'm six sixty six
Repping 7-0-2 Sin City til I RIP
Shawty poppin' in my dungeon its a function when we drip
Latex skirt swinging your mascara bout to drip
Drip drip all on my dick
Hollow tips all in my clip
Swang low in the revolver I'm a dissolve em' awaful quick
Waffle boy Waffle bitch
Circle of squares all in your mix
Getcho Johnny wig split
You a lickity lickity licc
Pull a trap card
Wicked cunt lord
Wasteland full of fucc boy bones where I came from

[Hook: Choirboy & Ouija]
Shit be fucked up where I came
They don't show love where I came from
You get fucked up where I came from
You get no love where I came from

[Verse 2: Choir Boy]
Decisions decisions decisions
Filling up the prisons
They killing the children
Got me baccing up that wall
Detention detention detention need some redemption
I gotta know they intention huh
What the fuck we fighting for
Make it rain now let it, let it wash all the sins away
Let us pray blessed that I got to see another day
Let us set it straight
Fucc the fake
Fucc the hate
Might catch me skrrt skrrtt skrrt swagin' on the interstate
Rolling rolling rolling I be rolling on a river
Number one trap dad why don't you call the sitter
Your girl be outta pocket why don't you come and get her
These broke boys bitter we shitting in they litter

[Hook]

[Verse 3: SCUM]
Yo nice kicks what size are those and I only wear socks with the bloody nose
Cause I know its not given its a privilege
So its having it despite (?)
Hey! You! there on the double better go and dig a hole so there ya go and get the shovel
Gonna need it for your body that I will bury hella soon
Life dependent under needle hella acting like a spoon
So why you wanna act like you ain't got no sense
Keep it up I am referring to your impotence you need an ambulance
You finna hitch a ride when we go at your head and crack it open wide
(?)
Ain't no love get it done
Better look where you walk
Better watch what you talk
I'll blind up some chalk lay you down like a dab for your Mom and leave you cold on the slab
Slab! Slab!
Make your fucking name and thats the way the story ends and it is hella lame
But its all the same because your born to fail
There will be no happy ending in this fairy tale
There will be no happy ending there will be no tears
There will be no open casket now were pour our beers
Ain't no love get shown when your dead and gone
The world is cold and that was told so now you're on your own

[Hook]

[Verse 4: Blaze Ya Dead Homie]
Savage psycho sicko savage give me the cabbage
Been wrapping suckas in plastic longer than you can imagine
Bring the battle to your crib fuck off bitch kill every motherfucker in your crib
Who wanna drip?
I never been bout the bullshit
Don't think that you can be judged
(?)
I do what I want I'm a real fool
Locked up (?)
They love the smell of the gunsmoke
Who that pussy running for the door
Thought you knew there was nowhere to go
Let the chopper go (?)
Swimming in blood and guts this the life I love it so much
Filling bodybags
Colt 45 no sign of rust

[Hook]