[Intro]
Your insanity is undisputedly complete
What are you doing here? You have no right to...
Of course, I have no right, no right to begin

[Verse 1: Boondox]
Pentagram carved on my forehead
That's why therapist feeds me more meds
And there's dried blood under my fingernails
As my mind is little distorted
Get psycho, go scarecrow
The southern Devil with the double barrel
Two hot slugs dipped in virgin blood
Now your skeleton leaking marrow
My tarot, prejudice
Going on a lunatic might as well slit your wrist
Is this Heaven or Hell don't want my ass
Just tell me who the next fucking victim is
I take a piss in your stab wounds
Puff a lot of gloom with gas fumes
If you're far from me I'll run all day
Find your corpse in a truck stop bathroom

[Verse 2: Blaze Ya Dead Homie]
I'm out the nug get fruit loops
One flew over the coo coo
A prodigy with a lobotomy
Retrain to let him sever society
I'm undenied, the certified, the psycho you'll never trust
Hear many voices inside of mind, they all talking at once
[?] backward, read in mirror like a safe word
Blood drips like faucet down on my shirt
Keep spraying once you call it absurd
Get crazy enough for all y'all
Should have check that shit in the middle of [?]
[?] that's type of hard call

[Hook: Jamie Madrox]
Chopping and stabbing and cutting and killing
And leaving a bloody mess everywhere, I don't care
Call me a psycho, a killer, a maniac
I got a knife, a machete a bloody ax
I'm crazy, I'm loony, I'm out of my mind
You run far away but I'm two steps behind
I'm a killer within the woods stalking my prey
There's no choice but to scream cuz there's nothing to say

[Verse 3: G-Mo Skee]
Wait, stop what you bumping and listen
This younging from Richmond is running with Twiztid
He's fucking demented, but he's only 5 foot 4
This little motherfucker's a midget
Niggas better run when I come with a vengeance
Chainsaw change y'all guts into liquid
Filth man finna bust through the entrance
Jump from the top turnbuckle and end it

[Verse 4: Jamie Madrox]
Upside down we're the new face of the underground
We're the new sound you classic bitch
Fuck you and your play stupid shit
It's magic bitch and this ninja here is like Storm Shadow
From top rope with double ax handle
Then the blood splash and the teeth rattle
If you enter the sect then we rather rattle
Still got a butcher knife covered in blood
You bet a wicked motherfucker, better show us some love
You bet a sickest motherfucker better cover it up
We on another level and we don't really give a fuck
You can hate us, your jealousy
That's typical how you bitches be
Them tendencies tend to make me sick
So all y'all bitches you can suck a dick

[Hook: Jamie Madrox]
Chopping and stabbing and cutting and killing
And leaving a bloody mess everywhere, I don't care
Call me a psycho, a killer, a maniac
I got a knife, a machete a bloody ax
I'm crazy, I'm loony, I'm out of my mind
You run far away but I'm two steps behind
I'm a killer within the woods stalking my prey
There's no choice but to scream cuz there's nothing to say

[Verse 5: Monoxide]
Hit me with your holy water
Don't matter when I scatter into a hundred little pieces
Looking over my telekinesis will help a motherfucker flow better
Bring me all your sons and daughters
Indeed I'm looking to plant seeds inside every one of their minds
To clear one at a time and I'mma leave 'em behind like you did
I'm out of order with a mind disorder
And all you see in my eyes is horror
Used to walk around with a wrench on my back
Like some kinda weirdo street performer
And my soul belongs to the wicked shit
I fuck bad bitches who wear fake blood
And smell like weed and cigarettes
Call us them degenerates, cause we don't look like all the rest
And they don't make us them outer guests
But I don't give a fuck less, Lex

[Verse 6: Lex The Hex Master]

[Verse 7: The R.O.C.]
Sick I'm insane (it's more than murder!)
Licking the knife (there's so much more!)
Where is the cure? (there is none!)
Think it's absurd? (Psychomania!)
Only one's running (Psychomania!)
Oh so bloody
Planets in the skies aligned now so funny
Never existed with so old bloody
Humans has failed to these gory tales
And these who test my will never yield
Humans don't really matter as I kill
Just to create one world surreally
So I build and build until my armies are finally done
And I want them trapped too physically and mentally
And I won't repeat... run...