[Introduction: What's the 411 PT. I,  Produced by Amir Royale]

[Acapella Intro]

[Refrain]
Feel the moment
But think what you've forgotten
God and gotten rotten (got it!)
Just remembered a thought or two about it
('Bout it, 'bout it, 'bout it)
You ain't 'bout it
If only you'd allow it (to grow)
Louder, scream it louder
I can't hear you! Louder!

[Verse 1]
I hate crowded rooms, I'm a little claustrophobic
That's why I let my feelings out it in the open
I don't like to hold them in
Hate how it's been an hour
I'm an hour clerk, I just count the time fly by
While I'm sitting in my math class
Man I hate class, but I still have it
Ain't that ironic?

[Interlude: The Ride, Produced by Drew Williams]

[Segue]
Girl, I got it going on, I got it going on
What's the 411? What's the 411?
I got it going on, I got it going on
What's the 411? What's the 411?
Girl, I got it going on, I got it going on
What's the 411? What's the 411 hun?

[Verse 2]
You won't feel me 'til everybody say they love you
But it's not love, bring it down an octave
Cause you're just another kid that the crew can get rid of
They say be quiet and stay silent
But you just staying loud, keeping proud
Cause you were taught that they were born to listen
And that you were born to fix up all the broken niggas
Bitching on the second level
Who are you to try? These niggas lost their lives?
Well, I just thought I'd offer one
You won't feel me till one of your ex girls gets knocked up
She says she took a step but he took it further
Thinks he ain't mean to hurt her, she says shes certain
But now its been a month, so now she has her doubts
Yeah she has her doubts and you have your doubts
Cause you warned her bout the route she's taking
See you always have advice, so you always giving
But they don't ever listen, they just pat you on your back
And say they "feel you", nigga

[Break]
I've been fading too long
I've been fading too long
Why won't it stop? The ride
Why won't it stop? The ride

[Verse 3]
You won't feel me 'til you're at your mother's funeral
And you're the only one not crying
Cause you can't get it through your head that she passed on
Yeah, she's really gone, no, she's really gone
But you just don't believe it, you think they got it wrong
You won't know me till your friends
Start laughing at you like some damn Hyenas
Reminds you of Selena back in eighth grade
When she said that, "You're doing wrong,"
That, "You need to change"
"Life is not a fairy tale, it ain't no fucking game."
You're gonna hate me, I swear, you're gonna hate me
When you catch kids sipping Pinnacle during missionary
Meanwhile, you bringing dead energy to a cemetary
Searching for your mother's grave
Crying yourself to sleep at night, cause you ain't got it right
You ain't even write a letter to say bye or nothing like
Your Dad fucking hates you, Mama's outta songs
Grandpa pays the bills and you always feel alone
So, "What's good at home? What's good at home?"
If you keep on X and O'ing, keep on telling lies cuz
"I feel you", nigga, I feel you

[Interlude]
"What's good at home? What's good at home?"
If you keep on X and O'ing, keep on telling lies cuz
"I feel you", nigga, I feel you
Yeah, yeah—I feel you
Yeah, yeah—I feel you
Yeah, yeah—I feel you

[Conclusion: What's the 411 PT. II, Produced by Amir Royale]

[Refrain]
Feel the moment
But think what you've forgotten
God and gotten rotten (got it!)
Just remembered a thought or two about it
('Bout it, 'bout it, 'bout it)
You ain't 'bout it
If only you'd allow it (to grow)
Louder, scream it louder
I can't hear you! Louder!

[Outro]
Been an hour, I'm an hour clerk
I just watch the time fly by
Sitting in my math class, man I hate class
Ain't that ironic?