[Intro]
I had to body this beat
Everybody fit they verse in like 60 seconds on Instagram
If you know me you know I don't know- I don't do 16?
16 what?
16 *what*? heh
Ay. My name Grafh hoeeeeeeeeeeeeeee

[Verse]
I bring gang violence to the pen game challenge
It's more like, the insane in the membrane challenge
I bring pain, silence; you rock never
I don't care if you like (?) or 2pac better
I don't care if you like streaming or a boombox better
These bars make Lil Yatchy dreads two times redder
Fuck a old-school, new-school, or who rock better
Fuck the stylist that'a choose y'all sweater
I don't care how many guns you rap about or, who drop deader
I'm too busy whippin' this crack in a food processor
I get busy. You stuntin' in cars so put the bike up
If you mumblin' rappin' then put the mike up
Gamblin' I'on' put the dice up
Money on ya head if they don't kill ya tonight then I put the price up
Raf Simmons on put the Nik's up
I want the whole pie put the slice up
Came outta the dirt, the ice came outta the shirt and turned the light up
Filter over the diamonds nigga I turn the bright up
Now the Grammys all in the pot when I turn the white up
Bank account check 1-2? Turn the mike up-
I turn your life upside-down
Shake a chick out of her draw's like I turn your tights upside-down
Dope inna jar, turn the rice upside down-
Shinin' nigga, you can't turn the sunlight down stupid
Can't make a thug outta you
You dirty I peep(?)beat mud outta you
I'm a hustler. After your skeleton get drug outta you I put your bones in a blender and make a drug outta you
Put the beats on niggas I make a club outta you
Doc tryn' take slugs outta you
Glock tryn' take blood outta you
Make a Blood outta you?
Are you an animal? Nigga I'll make a rug outta you
We mobbin'
Riddin' with my clique thru London
Ay, Margs help a nigga get a brick thru customs-
We pistol-smugglin'-
Dip thru Dublin-
Pay me what you owe me I'on' give a fuck if you strugglin'
Move bricks thru, Brixton with British gunmen
I whip in and bubble it till I triple and double it what I whip is Colombian-
This is trap money this isn't my publishin' tax money dippin the government; who
I'm inspired by the dreams
I'm royalty nigga I'm knighted by the queen-
In the royal palace put the fire iron by the jeans
(?) and kettle I iron fire by the steam
You be lyin' on the internet survivin' by the memes-
Online and you tryn' scheme if you dyin' by the screen-
I'm Jake ?Dilla?
Hey killa
Insane gorilla
My pen game is Thrilla
Big 'cain fulfillin' my big chain chinchilla as Rick James but chiller
Pimp game is inna yo *biiiiitch*
No, I'on' go provide for my hoes
I just let 'em wash my dishes and iron my clothes
I was tryn' keep my eye on my foes
All the designer keep me high on my toes
You 'bout as high as my lows
Shut up (Shhhhhhh)
I just remain raw every day
Your broad wear the same bra every day
Ridin' to die but not in the same car every day
Killin these niggas but praise God every day
The same bars make a nigga Ray Charles every day
Dick inna dirt duckin' a rape charge every day nigga
I'm in the street daddy
The beam leave red dots all over yo face Supreme patty
Dickin' ya bitch she scream daddy
Would you believe your swag to me seem tacky
Keep the steam strappy for the peeps in the back that seem aggy
*BOOM*
Big bullets as big as the beef patty-
You bringin' the beef at me?
We cover any spot like the cream for acne from Queens to Hackney, stupid
They say I'm the best y'all
So sick I need latex with a sex doll
Just raw
Clickity-click till the clip end
Extended clip bigger than Big Ben
BULLET
This where the bullshit ends
Real hood fuck the bullshit ends
Your life span's where the full clip ends
Bad man no beg no frien'
You see it? BOOM