Uhhm uhhm Attention, Attention Please
Attention you, yea you, you too. Shut the f#ck up!
Ladies n gentleman, boys and girls
Niggas n bitches
I think that boy Grafh has officially lost his f#cking mind
His a mad man I tell you

You’re easy to ignore, believe me you’re a bore
Believe me I can sleep to you when you speak to me I snore
I treat them like a whore that I bee seeing on a tour
I’m just skeeting and leaving all they seeing is the door
I’m just skeeting and leaving all the semen on the floor
Then I cleaned it with your draws wit ma sneakers on your bra
Eeny miny moe ee ny eeny miny moe
Tity with it tiny whores, fit them in em tiny draws
See me I like it more when they feed into me raw
I am greedy, I am sure, life is my amor
Life is hard, life is odd, life’s like a lightning rod
Fight with god I did it twice nimrod
Life’s a light skin broad that might ménage twice with the right massage, ooh
She like it all night in your wife's garage
And my pipe’s quite large so your wife might barf
Waiting for me to feed her then your wife might starve
Boom, nightmare, night lights off, night night on
And fight night so running your wife tights bra w
With your wife tight on, take flight like dawn
My life’s like Mars
I’m under this world look bright light stars, wow
I bite like sharks
You little bitty bitches ain’t quite like jaws
You little niggers butcher little light by ball
This way the killers put your little type right …
I type right old type right to the mall
Just make sure you spell my name right on your blog
With a f
Nigga I see you right through your blog
My every ready study shine light through the fog
Then about the forming the rap they forming this flat
Time is money all the informers is back
I take all of that ask the informers and the rats
I baseball your hat off the corner with a bat
I slaughter it, all of it cause all of it is whack
Then I tossed in the water but the formal of a crack
Then I … pack all the … is packed
Then I tossed it in the coffin and performed in it a rap
Get the audience attack but I’m all on it
It’s on again I clap, I can strapper than a cardian …
Travel to your cardian, I’m smashing up your daughter while she travel with a guardian
I crash to your party and I’m looking for a virgin
That can splat my …
I’m bigger than a hit record
All night I drink liquor till I piss breakfast
I need an ale …deliver the message
Not the ale I said … lexus
Whip my woman I said they … exes
I’m chauvinistic whip…I’m sexist
I go ballistic when I’m …
…when they beginning the sketches
They been in the checkers, they’ve been in the catchers
Catch this (spits)
I’m sick and affectuous, I’m living with spirit delivering hexes
The devil’s sending me venom that’s dipped in as-bestus
And then he send me to heaven to scribble a message
I wrote 6 sixes and I’m scribbling the x es
I can’t read it, what does it say, oh no
I’m chucky who wanna play

This time you lucky, I got the bride of chucky
And all my shirt stain amount …
I slide in a vagina, kinda comfy
Half metal, they kinda look kinda rusty
Half ghetto, kinda look kinda ugly
She was climbing on my waist trying to climb above me
She dropped it on my face kinda clumsy
I was hit before Mike Jack got a monkey
That’s why Osama bin laden been trying to duck me
Tell Obama we divide an entire country
Half for him, half for me, he could run it after me
The feds are coming, after me
Cause I’m the missing letter that come after z
My heart pump lava plus half a key
Bud, hash n E plus gasoline
Doctor, what ever happened to me
Whatever happened is happen to be, it doesn’t matter to me
Juliette, what a catastrophy, I’m not Romeo like the sun from Master P
I just like the son dumb bastards
I’m just like the sun, unpack the heat
So punk, you should run for sun glasses
Or get your punk ass and …pass the street, what
Roar, roar, like a dungeon dragon
Roar, roar like a dungeon dragon
Roar, roar like a dungeon dragon
Stop, I breathe fire me I’m a dungeon dragon
But I’m drunk and stagnant all the … are laughing
When I’m puff puff passing a bunch of magic
I rap cocky I do a bunch of bragging
About the … jewelry and a bunch of fashion, see
Gucci put g’s on a bunch of fabrics
I do it on tonight got a bunch of swags
And a bunch of rags that all come with tags
And 100 bags stuffed with stuff to match it
A hundred grand stuffed in a comfy mattress
I cut the hands up if you come to grab it
My underwear be coming with a bunch of magnums
I fuck them dump them punch them gag them
I shoot snuff porn jump and stab them
Cut them up and stuff them in a luggage then drag them
Then I tie the suitcase to the front of a wagon
Then I play chicken with a hummer and crush them
Then I burn rubber till I turn rubber to ashes
And then it burn under dirt covered with acid
And 5 tons of gas, police found you crying …
…up in a casket, fried up from like 500 matches
I’m boxing, I’m fighting 500 matches

My kitchen full of fireflies stop the magnets
No food in it, just bananas, go to hard knox
I come with the … but I drop that still came up with them assets
Trying to get lucky, fuck the madness
I cut a couple feet of a bunch of rabbits
Bunch of maggots …some baskets
Making up a plastic, ready one package, ewww
Damn, Grafh going on, why he rappin like that?
He showing off, lights on bright now
They going off
A stock up jackass and they know it all
Got a title belt but she never show it off
I don’t ever care about it I throw it off
Douche bag bench should have crowned me
I rap better than the best rap in your county
Hate the rap game and I’m rapping in around me
I hula … until the bag … surround me
I’m back to the dungeon dragon
…but I got a pumpkin hanging from my … thing
…cause I’m a vampire with a bunch of fangs that would cut your fingers off
Plus my elephant’s … orangutan not just hanging
I’m a monster, I bust the … while you stuck up in the closet with a bunch of hangers
A one night stand, hump is train this
And I’m running next door so I could hump your neighbors
Hump hump and away, plus they stay chained with hand cuffs and tasers
Cause when I get freaky and off this danger
You ever had your little nipples sucked with lasers?
That’s just for players, I show you what game is
Bitch let’s fuck, I’m famous
I got it feeling like a bunch of razors
My dick get hard enough to cut potatoes
Let’s role play, come dressed up as a waitress
While I stuff tomatoes up your anus
That comes on a plate with one steak fish
Some cake mixed up with lunch that I ate it
Yumm, your friend want some? Taste it
That’s how feel when you’re fucking the greatest
That’s how feel when you’re stuck in the matrix
Stuck in the basement, under the pavement
Life is a bitch, I’m coming to rape it
But this is porn so whenever you suck it I tape it, ok? Hey

[Still editing..]