[Intro: Lord Infamous & ?]
Triple six mafia, mafia
Smoked out, smoked out
Loced out lo-loced out smoked out
Triple six mafia, mafia
Smoked out, smoked out
Loced out lo-loced out smoked out
Triple six mafia, mafia
Smoked out, smoked out
Loced out lo-loced out smoked out
Triple six mafia, mafia
Smoked out, smoked out
Loced out lo-loced out smoked out
Triple six mafia, mafia

[Verse 1: Gangsta Blac]
Woke up early Tuesday morning on that Devil Shyt
Time to hit the track, I got a sack, now where is Triple 6?
Ridin' through the park tryin' to find a nigga at the store
Cheese is what I'm makin' cause I'm wakin' up (?) floor
If you think I'm lyin' or you think that you can test nuts
Paul with da .45 shoot him in his fuckin' guts
(?) insane in the brain, all aboard on the train
Funky Town, Funky Town, gotta stop, get a pack
Now I'm high, really high, mane I'm about to shout
South Park, Gangsta Blac, Triple 6, smoked out
Loced out!

[Verse 2: Lord Infamous]
{?]
Triple 6 times the six thousand degrees
The Triple 6 Mafia droppin' the weight on yo ass
Like a million OZ.s
Ya see, the J, the O, the I-N-T
Lord Infamous smokin' these niggas
Like a fuckin' terrorist from third world countries
I need to break down a pound like I load up this C-L-I-P
A busta, a busta, could never, could never
Fu-fuck with, fu-fuck with-with me
Lord the G, the slippin' up chief up on the ganja tree
They wish to approach the Scarecrow in the smoke
But they can't miss fatality
See the movies, Scarecrow, Gotti, Carlito, Montana and Hoffa
All of us down with the Triple 6 Mafia, bitch

[Intro: Lord Infamous & ?]
Triple six mafia, mafia
Smoked out, smoked out
Loced out lo-loced out smoked out
Triple six mafia, mafia
Smoked out, smoked out
Loced out lo-loced out smoked out
Triple six mafia, mafia

[Verse 3: Project Pat]
(Murderers, robbers) niggas with some charges
Nigga you don't underestimate cause we don't barr this
Bullshit, Triple 6, bitch I got a sawed-off
Walk up to yo house, knock on yo door and blow yo ass off
Cut off, fool, that's yo head with these buckshots
Ridin' in your neighbourhood, bitch, with the Glock cocked
*POP POP* till you drop, body lit up like a fuse
Head back to the hood then watch you on the news
Confused as hell when you ball in the click
But that's what you get when you fuck with the Triple 6
Bitch!

[Verse 4: Kingpin Skinny Pimp]
(?) snitch, don't you tr-izzn-icks wanna fuck my style
Bloody Glock handed to yo face (?) 'em down
I don't love hoes man I'm aimin' at yo skull
Dickin' and duckin' from bullets won't help
When I pull out the twelve gauge and leave him in blood
Brandnew (?) better catch up with yo kind
You was slippin' now I see a Triple 6 in my mind

[Verse 5: Juicy J]
North Memphis niggas, Triple 6 niggas
Real ass killas, quick to pull the trigger
And not barrin' no bitch and not takin' no shit
Smoked out, loced out, ridin' with the pistol grip
Click up on yo hoe ass, leave you lyin' in the grass
Kaki suits, black mask, nigga I'm about to blast
On these motherfuckers thinkin' that Juice mane is a joke
Tryin' to test my pimpin', fuck around and get yo ass smoked
Claim you with that Devil Shyt, come and join the Triple 6
Don't cross the line bitch and get yo wig split

[Verse 6: DJ Paul]
First I grab the pump and pump, shoot a punk nigga down
Clown like a fuckin' psychopath to them Triple 6 sounds
M-Town (?) killas love to squeeze on the triggers
Trigger the Killa Man (?) in the mind of another figure
Figure out what form will the devil confront you in
Transform into a friend and no takin' life (?)
Hands of the earth, hide secrets of your birth
How you live is how you die but in the M we all (?)
You (?) bitch motherfucker, rumors startin' trick
Sissy ass side bustas, suck a nigga dick
Dick deep in the mouth of a talkin' ass coward
Nigga you a duck and named oughta be Howard
And how would a regular nigga survive against them 6ixes?
You dumb fakin' bitches, don't get dumped in ditches
Lord Infamous bust, biggidy-bust on these bustas
Take 'em out, we smoked out, we loced out

[Outro: DJ Paul]
Yeah you know I'm sayin'
You niggas can't FUCK with the Triple 6!
Bitch

[Beavis & Butthead sample]
*haha* "you dumb ass"