[Intro: Cast]
Yeah, give me like an old, retro sounding thing on the mic

[Hook]
Ayo, Who the fuck passed you the mic?
And said that you could flow?
Point him out, bitch, I want to know

[Verse 1: Cast]
Hello, they call me Cast
I rap and crack it down like snap, crackle pop
I snap a snapple, twist the cap, holding the glass, it pops off
Read the fact, "Cast's raps will knock you out of your socks, dog!"
His songs like father figures running away, it's about to pop off
Knock them out their socks, his tongue is scorchingly hot
It's the dragon, it's cataclysmically damaging iPods
My God! (What?) It's Cast! I'm listening to his rap songs
Put that on, I promise you it's not the, but THAT bomb
Spit more fire than assholes after Mexican food
So stay back, like that asshole is trying to sit next to you
Especially when his breath is extra messy like ten year old's rooms
Tactics are magic, it has them asking why am I so rude?
Smart youth, but denied from two AP classes
The truth, dude, I see through you like no lensed glasses
Actually slap, rappers heads off with rap tactics
I guess you could say their hats are off to me, ain't that classic?
I'm laughing cause class is in session, you're sleeping on desks
My restlessness is your nemesis, yeah, you must confess
That Illo is dominating, shoutout to all my teenagers
While Cast remains a freak in the sheets of notebook paper

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Cast]
Good question. I guess we'll go on a quest, then
Adventurous, the best there is he's reckless with this, vested
Bet your dick he's invested time, watches in your bank account
Watch this Loch Ness monster eating rappers like they're for takeout
Watch this five foot six kid kill the light like he was blackouts
It's Cast now, who's in your town knocking them out like Manny Pac-
OW, the pain he's bringing, he ain't singing lullabies
Rapping about bitches, hate to women, guns, gays, the danger in him
Money, cars, sex and fame
How about a difference for a change?
If it isn't a synonym of phoenix it doesn't fit him
Pack your bags and trash your raps, kill your flows and take that nap
Because I'm going to keep on doing me and there ain't nothing you could do about that
Bitch

[Hook]

[Outro]
OK
OK
OK
OK
OK
OK
OK
OK,fine, go ahead, Cast


(Illo Bitch.)