[Verse 1: Meechy Darko]
Me and my faction
Don’t like asking questions strictly blunt sessions
We can order dead man you must have a death wish
I kill you with these bars that’s more like a death sentence
I promise you that I’m type demented
My mind state? Crime infested
I think I lost myself three years ago still tryna catch it
Cut my own head off ‘cuz I needed to balance
Ego too big to manage
Not to kill a nigga everyday probably my biggest challenge
Imagine if I was selfish and kept away all this talent
Didn’t think it, never spat it
I probably put skullied down an gatted, robbing local scammers
That’s all for credit cut in every traffic
I love to be alone, I’m comfy in the casket
To me it’s like a hammock
Never bow to any challenge, catch case
Filled with rage, I split they face, I’m deranged
Cannot be tamed, I break they cage
When in range, I twist they face with six inch blades
Back again, I’m Dirt Cobain, the golden fangs
I kill you and wear blood stained shirt to your wake
Got me around crossed-eyes like "Hey hey hey"

[Verse 2: Joey Bada$$]
The epitome of greatness
Stay stiff me and my niggas about to make shift
Patience feel the rhythm and the cadence
Got no time for hate statements
They try to keep the beast caged in that’s why we ragin’
Sittin’ on some heat that could probably melt a glacier
Fire man could’ve walked a mile in these blazers
They know my element
Been wondering where the hell I been
Tryna’ put the fire out I came back definite
Feelin’ like a mouse in a house full of elephants
Niggas run they mouth but they never this eloquent
I’m high-definitely. To your bitch, for she always represent me
She wanna kick it with the Beast Coast resident
Pockets full of white excellence
Said she tryna jiggy with a couple black menaces
‘Cause we got bars and got it locked in these sentences
All these bitches jailbait keep your guard up for hells sake
Open up your cell gate, cell block three eyes see Joe like G.I
Commander in chief
Don’t ask me why I be high
More buzz and more honeys than a beehive
The Badmon, young kingpin
I move dope with that ink pen
Been up all year—my third eye ain’t even blinkin'
With this flow, it’s guarantee to leave you sinking
And this 'dro guaranteed to leave you thinking
No warranty, just disorderly conduct
For an Erick Arc Elliot-presented product
All the stars is lined up 'bout to turn on the horizons
The Beast Coast connection still deep like Verizon

[Hook: Joey Bada$$]
Did you ever think that you would be this real?
Did you ever think that you would get a deal?
Did you ever think that you would be this slick?
Did you ever think that you would be the shit?
C’mon
Did you ever think that you would be this real?
Did you ever think that you would get a deal?
Did you ever think that you would be this slick?
Did you ever think that you would be the shit?
C’mon

[Verse 3: Issa Gold]
I done seen dark sour demons playing for keep cards
But be smart, this game will eat your weak heart
Divine source liberate a dry corpse
Design her thoughts help me manuever life’s course
You play hard, show your facade you get squashed
Bumblebee niggas be frontin’ they stings sharp
But they fuckin’ flowers God’s son you get devoured
Super power, Clark Kent, on top of a tower
Looking down, peeping the town
What’s going around bump their feeble sound
Submerge your crown
Making you drown but still I rise and synchronize
So I can read the signs chase the prize
Breaking these lego niggas back down to size
Get yo piece of pie, it’s supper time
I’m eating mine I’m one of a kind
A present prince from past tribes
We live in troubled times
Internal crime done by the same guys we trust our lives
Pray for demise
I’m painting, let me do my thing
No time for ? I’m seventeen
Bumping they music will leave you stupid like heroine
Rather medicine, that sticky
That proper sediment for betterment

[Verse 4: Erick Arc Elliot]
The truest of students a true instance to
Too egotistical
To respect your principal or your principles
I might smack a teacher while I read the rules
Tell ‘em Blue’s Clues
Cut his noose loose let him hang high ‘till he doo doo
Prune juice, no shit, couple screws loose
Flawed mentally but there’s no sympathy
When I begin this rapping this image of me was imminent
Prevalence to avoid the censorship I sense the element
Niggas talking reckless only motivates the presidents
Nigga even fuck the presidents said it for the hell of it
Dead boy delegate stashed like Tom Selleck
Should I relish in that endeavor platinum level
Gold chains and flipping grams like capo era
I touch basics I hate it when niggas make these blank statements
Why check before I’m banking on your greatness

[Hook: Joey Bada$$]
Did you ever think that you would be this real?
Did you ever think that you would get a deal?
Did you ever think that you would be this slick?
Did you ever think that you would be the shit?
C’mon
Did you ever think that you would be this real?
Did you ever think that you would get a deal?
Did you ever think that you would be this slick?
Did you ever think that you would be the shit?
C’mon