[Verse 1: Joey Bada$$]
Hol' up, uh, back on my bullshit, I'm packin' a full clip
I'm triggered, bitch, get back 'fore I pull it and let it rip, uh (woo!)
Hit you off from the hip-up, my Glock, it don't hiccup
You better get a grip and don't slip up (yeah! ah!)
Now put your hands where my eyes can see like it's a stick up (yeah!)
Make one false move, you gettin' lit up (brr!)
'Cause I don't give a fuck like Bishop (no!)
I'm crazy like a redneck in a pickup (c'mon!)
Shit get ugly like Chauncey Billups (word!)
Hol' up, lemme fill up my cup with some fine wine
Your bitch wanna fuck, all I gotta do is find time
Said I just really want that Einstein (yeah!)
But fuck it, watch her throw it back like a Thursday on my timeline (woo!)
Swear I'm so out of my mind (word!) the only one of my kind (c'mon!)
Between me and you is a fine-line
I sell rhymes like dimes and leave MFs doomed (doomed!)
Since my first tunes, I've been raisin' hell from the tombs (tombs!)
Look, I'm gettin' hotter every June (yeah!)
You say you with the smoke? Well I'm with the heavy fumes (c'mon!)
You got goons, I got goons (yeah!)
Everybody got goons, question is do you got the Cojóns?
You niggas coons that really need to stop the buffoonery
'Fore I take it back on them, start snatchin' they jewelry (gimme that!)
You niggas talk tough but that shit don't be foolin' me (no!)
Fuck around and this verse gon' be in your eulogy
This the type the of shit I do usually (ha!)
I move indubitably and put these words together so beautifully (c'mon!)
While I beat the beat up so brutally (uh huh!)
Like cops in my community abusin' diplomatic immunity (psh!)
Said I'm soon to be the greatest in your top five (yeah!)
'Cause when I drop, watch the rest drop just like flies (yeah!)
They be shook when a nigga like me on the rise (yeah!)
Cause I ain't afraid to look a lyin' king up in his eyes, nigga, what?!

[Chorus: Joey Bada$$]
But what's a king to a God? Uh
Feelin' like the realest motherfucker alive, uh
Kill a nigga 'fore I let him push me aside
Cause bitch I'm tryna break even, even over the odds, nigga
Huh, but what's a king to a God? Uh
Feelin' like the realest motherfucker alive, uh
Kill a nigga 'fore I let him push me aside
Cause bitch I'm tryna break even, even over the odds, nigga

[Bridge: Joey Bada$$]
Ha ha! Let that shit breathe
Hol' up, let that shit breathe, ha ha!
Yeah, ill-minded child, let's get 'em

[Verse 2: Dessy Hinds]
How many pieces? I'm eatin' forbidden fresh fruit (mm!)
16 pieces, the sweetest, I feast on flesh too (c'mon!)
Verses bulletproof on the chessboard, pick your best move (c'mon!)
I already made mine, where's the next loop? (Loop?)
A hundred plus miles, I'm turnin' frowns upside down
Usin' every tool to close these tombs like King Tut right now (uh huh!)
I'm cuttin' ties, then cufflinks might bounce (uh huh!)
Until the ground, feel the urgency to bury me or worry my spouse (woo!)
All this sleepin' I'm wide aroused
I'm right around fine chinas in Chinatown, fine dinin' with lighter sounds
That's for the spliff, nobody make a sound
I came to wipe these babies down
With nothin' less than Egyptian cotton for towels (woo!)
That's for cotton pickin' no doubt (doubt!)
This lil' nigga just turned big nigga, you now
Are tuned in to the era where we better than who's around
Fuck cheddar, give up the pounds (uh huh!)
I told y'all niggas once and only now (right!)
I think I'm going psycho for the sound, only psychos I see around
Go 'round and 'round like a new carousel (ah ha!)
What's a king to a God? The difference is one of them don't compare themselves
I'm only here to make a name plus generational wealth (woo!)
No kiddin', New York state of mind, I guess it was written
I'm out in Queens after I handle my business (uh huh!)
I'm too ambitious, and I been flippin' physics way before I met critics
So whatchu saying to the dead or the livin'? God body, yeah (ha ha!)

[Chorus: Dessy Hinds]
But what's a king to a God?
Feelin' like the realest motherfucker alive, uh
Kill a nigga 'fore I let him push me aside
Cause bitch I'm tryna break even, even over the odds, nigga
Yeah, but what's a king to a God?
Feelin' like the realest motherfucker alive, uh
Kill a nigga 'fore I let him push me aside
Cause bitch I'm tryna break even, even over the odds, nigga

[Outro: Joey Bada$$]
What's a king to a God?
Feelin' like the realest motherfucker alive, uh
Kill a nigga 'fore I let him push me aside
Cause bitch I'm tryna break even, even over the odds, nigga