[1st child] Uncle Whitey! Uncle Whitey, could you tell us a bedtime story?
[2nd child] Dat's right! We wanna hear a bedtime story!
[1st child] Please! Could you tell us a bedtime story?
[2nd child] Bring me some of mah Cheesy Poofs right now!

[Everlast]
Once upon a time not long ago
When people wore pajamas and lived life slow
When laws were stern and justice stood
And people were behaving' like they ought to: good
There was a little boy who was misled by another lil' boy
And this is what he said
"Me and you, Guy, we gonna make some cash
Robbing' old folks and making' the dash"
They did the job, money came with ease
But one couldn't stop, it's like he had a disease
He robbed another and another and a sister and her brother
Tried to rob a man who was a D.T. undercover
The cop grabbed his arm, he started acting erratic
He said, "keep still, boy, no need for static"
Punched him in his belly and he gave him a slap
But little did he know the lil' boy was strapped
The kid pulled out a gun
He said, "Why'd you hit me?"
The barrel headed straight for the cop's kidney
The cop got scared, the kid, he starts to figure
"I'll do years if I pull this trigger"
So he cold dashed and ran around the block
Cop radios in to another lady cop
He ran by a tree, there he saw this sister
A shot for the head, he shot back but he missed her
Looked 'round good in expectations
So he decided he'd head for the subway stations
But she was coming so he made a left
He was running' top speed till he was outta breath
Knocked an old man down and swore he killed him
Then he made his move to an abandoned building
Ran up the stairs up to the top floor
Opened up the door there, guess who he saw
Dave, the dope fiend shooting dope
Who don't know the meaning of water nor soap
He said, "I need bullets, hurry up, run"
The dope fiend brought back a spanking shotgun
He went outside but there was cops all over
So he get into a car, it was a stolen Nova
Raced up the block doing 83, crashed into a tree near university
Escaped alive though the car was shattered
He rat-a-tat-tatted and all the cops scattered
Ran out of bullets but still had static
Grabbed a pregnant lady and pulled out the automatic
Pointed at her head and he said the gun was full of lead
He told the cops, "back off or honey here's dead"
Deep in his heart he knew he was wrong
So he let the lady go and he starts to move on
Sirens sounded, he seemed astounded
Before long the lil' boy got surrounded
He dropped the gun, so went the glory
And this is the way I got to end this story
He was only nineteen, in a madman's dream
I saw the cops shoot the kid, I still hear him scream
This ain't funny so don't you dare laugh
Just another case 'bout the wrong path
Straight and narrow or your soul gets cast
Good night!

(Beat box by Rahzel till fade out)