* corrections for Cockni O'Dire would be appreciated

[Cockni O'Dire]
Those dirty stinkin boys! (hmm.)
They are talk slick, hot like pepper
But what, dem about batty bwoy movement
Man I ain't on dat! (Lord have mercy)
Tell Julius, if he's a man a man ?? ?? (Lord, have mercy)
Can't know send me big up to the two of dem, de dreads
Now look!

[Everlast]
I've got demons, runnin through my sleep (UH)
They like to creep when my thoughts get deep
Schemin, tryin to find a place to fit in
And manifest itself in the form of a sin
If I was Rin Tin Tin I'd rip the skin off of Lassie
The shit you talk is idle, threatenin to blast me
You high on gas like a rastaman farted
Don't set it off kid and get me started
Cause you're highly regarded when you're dearly departed
But momma's still cryin, asking God why in the world
Could you take her, only child
When you was frontin on the streets like you was buckwild
To keep it real kid you gots to stay humble
You can't fumble, and if you gots to rumble
Then word to Bryant Gumble I'mma live for today
And God bless the man that steps in my way
Cause if I said it, somebody's gettin wetted
So just keep your cool and everything is copacetic
Pull out your heater, kid spit your razor
And mine'll still be the intellect that plays ya
Cause when the mic check, I'm high-tech, skills are apparent
You can play the child kid, I'll play the parent
Cause I'mma be responsible for your schoolin
But I won't change your diapers, or do your carpoolin

[Hook]
A-get up, I'll break ya down a lil' somethin
I'm fed up, it's time to go headhuntin
Dead up, too many crews be frontin
I'm fed up, it's time to go headhuntin
Get up, I'll break ya down a lil' somethin
I'm fed up, it's time to go headhuntin
Dead up, too many crews be frontin
I'm fed up, it's time to go headhuntin

[Cockni O'Dire]
Oh yes (Lord) unlike E (have mercy)
Tell de dirty pussy dem fi clean up dey ac' (oh my soul)
And trace back (whoa) cause we no hear nah dat (whoa)
Now look!

[Everlast]
Now why everybody makin shit that's unreal
Cause the A&R man they wants mass appeal
Forgettin all about how it's 'sposed to feel
Kids be goin out for the record deal
So if you pull out the clap, then bust your cap
Or I'mma make like the ban and drop bomb on your Gap
But don't +Snap+, cause this ain't HBO
Kid you got no Benz, plus you got no dough
Why you say that though? You tryin to game that ho
Used to be you had to rhyme about stuff you know
I don't need MTV to make no buzz
I rock styles that'll make you say "Ah 'oo dat was?"
And who that was is the man of all hours
Sendin all-star players straight back to the showers
Fake hard rocks are really just cowards
I master dub plates like my name's Herb Powers
I'll getcha open like huntin season
I make papers, don't front on the reason
Cause I'm seizin up every day
You say, carpe diem, I call 'em like I see 'em

[Hook]

[Everlast and Cockni]
To all dem man (?) come in the place going on like they run ting they run raasclart ting
Cos we run that, god knows we run that
Everyone can see we run this ting
Cha, nobody be vex me boy
Me said nobody TEST me boy
Me said nobody stress me boy
Anyone whowanna !!
(Lord, have some mercy
On my soul.. whoa!
Say Lord, please have some mercy
On my soul.. whoa!)

[Hook] + (Cockni O'Dire)
A-get up, I'll break ya down a lil' somethin (I get violent!)
I'm fed up, it's time to go headhuntin (and start whylin)
Dead up, too many crews be frontin (So keep silent)
I'm fed up, it's time to go headhuntin (I'm not jokin!)
Get up, I'll break ya down a lil' somethin (It's not what I'm smokin)
I'm fed up, it's time to go headhuntin (Don'tcha make me choke dem)
Dead up, too many crews be frontin (You'll get yo' egg broken)
I'm fed up, it's time to go headhuntin

[Cockni O'Dire]
Well me done huntin
Comin like a ball me play me not buntin
Knockin you outta park when me lookin
Yes Cock-ni, outta Brooklyn
Low-Lifes area, foward to Queens
Cumbria Heights, oh no, know what it means
And it ends, me nah need no Benz
All me needs me bredren, FUCK me friends!
Anyone a dem a want to borrow and lend my dough
Move ya pussy and blow!

[Hook]