[Intro: Everlast]
Peckerwood P-Funk
Everlasting the Soul Assassin
Whooliganz in effect
And they don’t wear their boxers backwards baby

[Verse 1: Mad Skillz]
Hit the deck when I come catch wreck
It’s the mad skills, lighting up the fills
For reals, I get mine and take yours
Whores, drop them fucking drawers!
I came, to let you all know the name of the Whooliganz down with the House of Pain
Let it rain, when I rhyme my vocal strain
Nothing but the same old same old same
Swing, as I just do my thing
It’s time I break before the bell ring
But it means I’m dipping out from the dean
In the bathroom smoking that northern green
But I stay clean cause you know I was taught that a Whooligan’z not supposed to get caught
When I’m on the set I come to catch wreck
When I pull out my slingshot punk hit the deck

[Chorus: Mad Skillz]
Hit the deck! One two mic check
It’s the Mad Skillz, I come to catch wreck
Hit the deck! One two mic check
It’s the Mad Skillz, I come to catch wreck

[Verse 2: Everlast]
Check it out, yo
Step to the crew with the irish roots
Get stomped by my Nikes just like they was boots
So don’t you dare try to step to me
Cause I ain’t BBD there ain’t no way that you can do me
See I’m the, Soul Assassin passing my blunt
Yes it’s the everlasting gas in your stunt
I took her to the room and dropped the drawers
I’ll tell you to your face punk go for yours
So I can hem you up like and old pair of trousers
Fuck you up bad and send you off to Doogie Howser
MD at the hospital
Taking out the EV that’s impossible
Cause I’m the soldier of fortune
Scorching all MC’s
Trying to pick my leaves
I’ll shake off my boots then pull up my sleaves
Just like my man divine
Back in ’89
Busting out check it
The girls get naked
Every time I rock it
All the brothers locked it
Trying to tell the man I can’t do what I’m doing
Then they tried to bite and got smacked while they chewing
The last style I kicked
The next man bit
What the fuck’s up with that?
I catch wreck
When I’m hanging with the Whooliganz punks hit the deck

[Chorus: Mad Skillz]
Hit the deck! One two mic check
It’s the Mad Skillz, I come to catch wreck
Hit the deck! One two mic check
It’s the Mad Skillz, I come to catch wreck

[Verse 3: Mudfoot]
And when you see [?] dropping to the [?] everybody disperse
I’m like a natural disaster has to happen
But I’m mapping
My game plan cause I’m collecting my cash
And end up dashing to the getaway car
I jet away far from the victim
Because I knicked them
I Fixed him up a knuckle sandwich,
Then I kicked him like a rhyme
And this like the time when it was on
The ones that must get dealt it to the break, break of dawn
Cause mad skillz ills
And everlast blasting [???] cast of evil, fuck a sequel
I come to wreck my first timing when I’m rhyming
Stay connect don’t even check just hit the deck

[Chorus: Mad Skillz]
Hit the deck! One two mic check
It’s the Mad Skillz, I come to catch wreck
Hit the deck! One two mic check
It’s the Mad Skillz, I come to catch wreck
Hit the deck! One two mic check
It’s the Mad Skillz, I come to catch wreck
Hit the deck! One two mic check
It’s the Mad Skillz, I come to catch wreck