[Produced by SAP]

[Intro]
Yeah, the voice gone

[Verse 1: Tyga]
Driving, but my mind in the back
You ride along, but it's quiet cause we argue prior to that
I left my phone, stopped for gas, then some girl named Janet call
Said it really pissed you off and you let it build a wall
Emotions tall, we’re in the mall and some random girl call didn’t mean to text her back
I ain't trying to lose it all, cause family first and pussy last
The last pussy that I had it was good, but she ain't no trophy to brag
But I should do it anyway, cause we can fall off any day
And you'll be right back to where you was, yeah, your momma place
And things are safe, bills are paid and you just lay around, man, you're so spoiled now, only child!
Business as usual, while you yell our business so loud
Bringing these groupie bitches around you; they ain't your friends, they're foul
Swear so they tell addresses in your mail first to say: "I told you so!"
But first off, ain't they all alone?
Yeah, I told you so, you keep your enemies too close
Not everybody auntie know, we're supposed to be like on the low!
Remember before we've been down this road, tie your flat on the slope
Came to a stop as soon as I spoke, cause you know:

[Hook: Tyga & Kris Stephens]
I wanna tell the world about you, but it's like we're sworn to secrecy!
Why do we sacrifice, growing up to fall in love so fast, hope we don't become enemies!
I put my faith in God, you put your faith in me, now I'm just trying to keep my sanity!
Why do we sacrifice to fall in love so fast?
Man, I hope we don't be enemies
I'm still seeking..

[Verse 2: Tyga]
I ran into my ex like the other day didn't wanna let you know, cause usually you look the other way
Despise face with hatred, visions of me and her naked
Lies, you can't take it, cheated before, but not much lately!
Lately I've been so into this shit, love is amazing!
Said: 'you was amazing spending your time
All of your time into the days when, but it's one person you relate with
You go wild and lay with!
Never been good with relationships, life difficult, she make it basic
Yeah, when the bass hit I drive slow, your body in my control
It's my control, ain't gotta go no where, just post like field goal!
As the time goes, we'll grow, too..
No telling what I might do without you, cause I got a past and you do too
But I ain't gotta judge what you've been through, cause:

[Hook: Tyga & Kris Stephens]
I wanna tell the world about you, but it's like we're sworn to secrecy!
Why do we sacrifice, growing up to fall in love so fast, hope we don't become enemies!
I put my faith in God, you put your faith in me, now I'm just trying to keep my sanity!
Why do we sacrifice to fall in love so fast?
Man, I hope we don't be enemies

You know, I wanna tell the world about you, but it's like we're sworn to secrecy!
Why do we sacrifice, growing up to fall in love so fast, hope we don't become enemies!
I put my faith in God, you put your faith in me, now I'm just trying to keep my sanity!
Why do we sacrifice to fall in love so fast?
Man, I hope we don't be enemies
I'm still seeking...
Still seeking...