[Intro:]
If you know me know this ain't my feng shui
Certified everywhere, ain't gotta print my resume
Talking crazy, I pull up andele
R.I.P to Nate Dogg, I had to regulate

Public Service Announcement
Where all my rich niggas at man?
MIGO!

[Hook: Takeoff]
Broke niggas stand to the left
My rich niggas stand to the right
Lil' mamma, she keep looking at me (lil' mama!)
Im'a knock the pussy out like fight night
Hit it with the left, hit with the right
Im'a knock the pussy out like fight night
Beat it with the left, beat it with the right
Im'a knock the pussy out like fight night

[Verse 1: Tyga]
Pack the pussy out, Pacquiao
Put a pussy in his place, throw it like a paper route
Pussy on a stand, my bitch'll never testify
We ain't never vibe, like the mag it's all blurred lines
Who the fuck wanted pussy? Punch you in your good eye
Go the all time, role with me then it's genocide
Poor bitches down to ride, big booty, tender lines
All whip, they never lies (?)
I pastor, I'm the reverend now
Young Jones, Spike Lee with this king shit
Tap the face, Mike Tyson, real Tyga in the crib
Shit, sitting on sixes, I started this king shit
This the motherfuckin' thanks I get? Bitch

[Hook:]

[Bridge:]
If you know me know this ain't my feng shui
Certified everywhere, ain't gotta print my resume
Talking crazy, I pull up andele
R.I.P to Nate Dogg, I had to regulate

[Verse 2: Takeoff]
If you know me know this ain't my feng shui
Certified everywhere, ain't gotta print my resume
Talking crazy, I pull up andele
R.I.P to Nate Dogg, I had to regulate
Pocket rocket fire, watch him disintegrate
It's a truckload coming on the interstate
Sirloin steak all on my dinner plate
Your main bitch say she wanna make a sex tape
Rich nigga, I could never be a broke nigga (rich nigga)
Broke niggas I can never get along with them!
Always been hated since a little nigga (always)
It's forever pussy nigga gotta deal with it (rich nigga!)

[Hook:]

[Verse 3: Quavo]
Float like a butterly, sting like a bee
Rumble young nigga rumble!
Lil' mamma want a nigga like me in the sheets
Ice cube knock it out like Deebo
Now who's that talking that gangsta shit?
Somebody gonna kick your ass
When I walk up in the club I better make a thunderstorm
Let them know that this a whole lot of cash
Rich niggas on the right all night (rich nigga)
Broke niggas to the left by yourself (brokanese)
Now who the hell just said that the roof on fire?
Call 911 like Wyclef

[Hook:]