[Intro]
Yeeeeeah
Let's bring it back to more conscious shit
Yeah, let's get it
I never put the N-word in the title (oh)
I never put the N-word in the title (before this)

[Verse 1]
Yugh, his the hype definition, niggas
Everybody wanna come from rags to the riches
Everybody want the cash and some classy bitches
Turn out to be half-pussies and some less than half-bitches
Yeah, back in the days to be so fucking trendy
You didn't need a fat kitty and a flat belly
You only needed pretty smile and a mad brainie
And you attracted guys way better than this bitch Bhabie
Why people love the deviants, not the dope ladies?
She don't know who the fuck is Wells but her ass crazy
She don't know who the fuck am I but she sucks better
Than Dortmund crew with Peter Bos, what was I saying?
Wait...

[Hook]
I'm truly worried 'bout the shit
I see in front, of, my eyes
Can't stand the bitches
That brainwash the realest guys
Oh, fuck, aye-aye
Dumb shit is all the shit they say
Try to manipulate me saying this
Desert Eagle's going to fucking pop
Now you gon' hear me say this
Get off the dumb kids, bitch
Suck my dick, aye

[Bridge]
You thought it was done, nigga?
You thought this shit gon' stop me?
Fuck all that shit, let's go!

[Verse 2]
I hope my homies never end up in the shit like this
Instead of using their brains they only think with dicks
You should be worried every time you see a bitch that's lit
She may be only 10 but have some fucking baby kids
These fucking hookers want your money and a leopard mink
So they can make you fuck them during the AA mee-ting
You must be reckless to accept it, first of all you think
If there is a possibility to leave this shit
'Cause if she drunk and underaged then everything is great
'Cause if you drink with her and put the molly in champagne
And fuck this bitch right in her pussy pigs will get you laid
It will be obvious that you a rapist, check-the-mate
You will not be a virgin anymore, ejaculate
Into the butt of your homie in cell 'cause wifey's late
And by the way she's filing for divorce, so celebrate
'Cause after leaving jail you'll be the freest of the men
Try understanding this, young kid, I only wish you luck
I just don't want you get in trouble 'cause of having fun
So go and find a decent girl that you do want to fuck
The hookers gonna make you fucking sick in your stomach
So find a lady, not the bitch, complete the magic trick
She must not want to disappear after she sees your dick
That's all I need to say about the maddest of the things
Now I'm the greatest motherfucker, and my shit don't stink

[Hook]
I'm truly worried 'bout the shit
I see in front, of, my eyes
Can't stand the bitches
That brainwash the realest guys
Oh, fuck, aye-aye
Dumb shit is all the shit they say
Try to manipulate me saying this
Desert Eagle's going to fucking pop
Now you gon' hear me say this
Get off the dumb kids, bitch
Suck my dick, aye

[Outro]
Thank you for coming here!
Hope you enjoyed the show!
"DEAD$HOT: P$YCHO & WH!TE"
The first album, "Caught In the Reign" - next year, motherfucker!
Dope nigga
Do-do-dope nigga, hahahaha
This a motherfucking bomb, motherfuckers!