[Intro]
*Ahem* Testing. Yeah!
This goes out to my pretty, pretty girls!
Marcus Cooper! Ahahaha!
Imma' just get right to it!

[Verse 1: Tyga]
Got a fly fly chick, she don’t fly south
Real independent girl, take herself out
They say good things come when you wait for it
But she a bad bad bitch make you late for it
Miss officer, put me in them handcuffs
She take my shirt off, put my hands up
I pull her hair back, you know she like it rough
Love any race, I don’t discriminate

[Verse 2: Pleasure P]
I like a thick girl with a big booty
Small waist and the face she a cutie
I like skinny girls with them A cups
Long legs with them little bitty butts
Yeah, I like a big girl that can cook like my mama'
She know the way to a man's heart's through his stomach
I like a innocent girl I can turn up
I like a pretty chick already turned up
I like them shy and nerdy, a geek in glasses
College girls straight a's in the classes
I like a flirty, personality
A little tease, she always making passes
I like them 30 or even older
Cause there ain't nothing like cougar love
Pretty lady I'm a fool for ya'
I wrote a song about who I love...

[Chorus]
I love girls, I love girls, I love girls so much I think I'm lesbianis, lesbianis
Let's be honest, just being honest, just being honest
I love girls, I love girls, I love girls so much I think I'm lesbianis, lesbianis
Let's be honest, just being honest, just being honest

[Verse 3: Pleasure P]
I like a rich chick, spoiled and paid
I take a broke chick, that I can upgrade
I dig a thugged out broad that can dress up
Quick to fight a nigga' every time I mess up
You ain't gotta be a model or a perfect 10
You give me a 7,8, or 9
Even if you a 5, shawty' bring a friend
Cause 2 5's make a dime every time
I love them in the independent when they get it on they own
A daddy's girl who's still living at home
Even if she got a couple of kids, that's cool long as yo' baby daddy know what it is
I like them sexy, naughty, know how to party
Cause ain't nothing like groupie love
Little mama' I'm a fool for ya
I wrote a song about who I love

[Chorus 2x]
I love girls, I love girls, I love girls so much I think I'm lesbianis, lesbianis
Let's be honest, just being honest, just being honest

[Verse 4: Tyga]
I can’t lie, love they heels in the summer time
Them long legs, super models here’s a photo opp
Do it for theyselves' but they know we love to watch
Pull the camera out, show me what you got
All types and shapes, size and weight
Take them all in my palm, put them on the dinner plate
Can’t pick one, too many in my face, so I

[Line: Pleasure P]
Wrote a song about who I love

[Bridge]
I love girls, sexy, girls, nasty, girls so much I think I'm lesbianis, I think I'm lesbianis
Just being honest, I'm just being honest!
I love girls, girls, girls so much I think I'm lesbianis, I think I'm a lesbianis
Just being honest, baby yea!

[Outro]
This goes out to my pretty pretty girls
If you a pretty pretty girl, pretty pretty girls, all around the world
Pretty Pretty girls
This goes out to my pretty pretty girls
If you a pretty pretty girl
Oooh!