[Hook: Kid Ink]
I could tell by the way you’ve been lookin' at yo girlfriend
I could tell by the way you’ve been dancing wit' yo girlfriend
Can I ask iz u down? Iz u down? (uhh, uhh)
Iz u down? Iz u down?
Can I ask iz u down? Iz u down? (Kid Ink)
Iz u down? Iz u down?

[Verse 1: Kid Ink]
Now it ain’t hard to tell by the way you’ve been lookin at her face
It’s something on yo expression lookin like you need a taste of that ass
Take the grab, it’s nothing that I can say
It’s a lot up on her plate, I’ve been ready, hit the bass
Hit it, Owww
Guess who back in the build with a motherfuckin problem
Top of the world, all the way from the bottom
Turn this whole bitch up like fox and go in, show out
I seen them kissing pics of you and yo girlfriend
Tryna get yo likes up but this shit been helping
Got a question, how many drinks do it take til you start getting touchy feely?
Gotta make sure I pay them both attention or one of em gon kill me
Tell the truth, whole truth, no undercover freak, I’m guilty
Check please, pay the cost to be the boss, just bill me

[Hook: Kid Ink]
I could tell by the way you’ve been lookin' at yo girlfriend
I could tell by the way you’ve been dancing wit' yo girlfriend
Can I ask iz u down? Iz u down? (One question)
Iz u down? Iz u down? (Can I ask?)
Can I ask iz u down? Iz u down? (One question)
Iz u down? Iz u down?

[Verse 2: Tyga]
AHHHH, can I have that? You and yo best friend on a mattress
Ass so fat, need a lap dance, that was way back then
Lost a little weight but that ass still thick, goddamn
So innocent, I’m a guilty trip, she ride the dick, it be worth the trip
No antics, no romantic shit, just friends with benefits
I'll take that (take that)
Never seen a roof come back on a Maybach, I don’t think you seen that
Who you tryna meet back, I could put you anywhere
Fly private air, ooh yea
Who do dare take you from me?
Can’t compare, my fashion rare
All I wear, Last Kings gear, man that shit so ill
I just wanna take you girls home
Make a nasty song and put this shit online
We could do it like Kid 'N' Play
Have a house party, all night long
Iz U Down is my theme song
Take yo thong off, put me on
T-T-Raww, I been a dog, so gon' let a nigga bone

[Bridge]
Cause I can tell by the way, tell tell by the way
I could tell by the, I could tell tell by the by the
I could tell by the way, tell tell by the way
I could tell by the, I could tell tell by the way
I could tell by the way you’ve been lookin at yo girlfriend (Ha!)
I could tell by the way you’ve been dancing wit yo girlfriend
(Word up, ha!)

[Verse 3: Kid Ink]
I could tell from how you look inside of her eye
It’s obvious this time you havin the time of your life
The timin is right, this kind of a night need two at a time
'Round 2 o'clock I find these hoes just losin their mind
Girls gone wild, going all out
Let’s be honest, you ain’t gotta lie
One question, how many freaks do it take til this bitch turn into a orgy
3 shots in and I’m feelin like Horry
Shoulda never gave a nigga money, man pour me
Just pour me up, higher, I’m sippin lean like I’m on a fuckin diet
LA nigga, bout to start a fuckin riot
Why you tryna deny it?

[Hook: Kid Ink]
I could tell by the way you’ve been lookin' at yo girlfriend
I could tell by the way you’ve been dancing wit' yo girlfriend
Can I ask iz u down? Iz u down? (uhh, uhh)
Iz u down? Iz u down?
Can I ask iz u down? Iz u down? (Kid Ink)
Iz u down? Iz u down?