[Verse 1: Tyga]

Word on the streets I got gold bricks
Put king gold chains on yo' bitch
Let her cry for me, that's Hootie in a blow fish
She gone blow dick til' she pop how many licks (Ow!)
Blow this popsicle stand quick
Insane nigga getting bent in a Bentley
Hot-head trigger nigga don't tempt me
Make that ass shake like a Wendy's fosty, frostbit
In the Middle East Jebediah
I'm the Great Alexander Empire
Bubba Gump, put shrimp on your Donna
Rocky Balboa, heart of a lion, Tyga
Not to be fucked with, tyrant
On the highest level, top of Mount Zion
She say she never fucked me then she lying
Team so strong could've been the menace or the viking, fuck it
Two tears nigga in the bucket
You don't like me, and bitch I love it
Living life like it's Golden State Nuggets
Stephen Curry, got 30 in the luggage
Thot ass bitch you'll never get a lover
Timbuktu, reincarnated King Musa
Talk abouta Medusa? These niggas just users
You ain't even do shit
I'm the co-co-coolest, T-Ruler
Sharp shooter, Red Ruger
Not human, Lex Luther, super muntant
Still grooving, still chrome, still ruthless
Translucent, Raw still is the best to do this
Raw ain't gotta prove shit, the proof's in the bank bitch
Do this shit for my kid's kids
[?] Docle, you don't even know what that is nigga

[Hook: Que]

Word on the street I'm a suspect
Hangin' with the killers in the projects
Potato on the barrel keep quiet (shh)
Catch a nigga slippin' from behind (boom)
O.G. Bobby Johnson!
O.G. Bobby Johnson!
O.G. Bobby Johnson!
O.G. Bobby Johnson!

[Verse 2: Que]

Wipe a nigga out like an outbreak
Choppa start bustin' make the house shake
Fuck niggas sweeter than a pound cake
Get your eyes on your chin better watch what your mouth say
Lean with the footballs got a nigga trippin' (Xans)
Fuck it, fuck it, nigga keep sippin'
Dirty AK with the beam on it
Clip so long I could lean on it
Free my niggas locked behind bars
Moved a hundred pounds before a lawyer beat the charge (beat it)
Pack touch down run it back like Marshall Faulk
If a nigga try to rob fuck it hit em with the hawk (boom)

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Jae Millz]

Hanging with the shooters known to buss techs
You don't get my hitters upset
Have that chopper sounding like we playing dubstep
OG Millzy Johnson, OG Millzy Johnson
Got years in this shit, no fronting
Sneak dissin' just pray we never run in
Real nigga Saturday to Friday
Doin' 110 on the highway
Halfway closed my eyes lay
Higher than the nigga that live in [?]
Everybody's competition and I'm tryna violate
Any motherfucker that's in my way
Nigga try me ima show him how I play
How that 9 play and that 45 play
Straight up we'll leave a nigga sideways
And if he don't believe in God I hope his mom pray
Old nigga try to play me like
Nothing I can do I'm like Carlo
Young old nigga tryna make my money dilate
Serving dick to your girl to that new Beyonce
She swallow Millz in the morning like a latte
And them young shooters all do what I say
Word on the street I'm a suspect
Hanging with the shooters known to buss techs
You don't wanna get my hitters upset
Have them choppers sounding like we playing dubstep

[Hook]