[Verse 1]
Ah
City lights dark shades with my vision light
Salute Moet with glass got me feeling right
Do not miss ice,all I need ms right tonight
Too clean one beam I ain't finna fight
One hit probaly in a life.Life just cold,hell,so I bring the fire
Almighty in the sky,no this ain't angel eyes
Eyes must say pelican fly,fly,must oblige.i give text,she read,reply
Some good sex after this thinking in my mind.took a look at the time
Sweet 10:25.meet me,couple drinks,eat,no ramadan
Bed spread.take the covers off
Drag your ass on the comforter,dracula,get to sucking on
Uck you from behind,fuck you hard,fuck dat other sucka ma
Blood rush through your theighs like your running around
Its finna get wild while I beat it like a problem child
Probaly deep down world pussy treasure found
Im thinking two more rounds I'mma tap out...
But I ain't let it out...its getting wetter now...
She need a paper towel.dont pull it out
Ahhhh like your smile

[Hook]
Answer your phone.hello?(wuddup)
Pick up your phone,are you cheating?
(are you cheating on me).answerable
Your wrong. (i think your wrong)ive been with you this whole weekend
Stop Stop.Stop Stop Stop accussing.Stop Stop
Stop Stop Stop accussing.Stop Stop.Stop Stop Stop accussing(damn she make me wanna lose it)
Stop Stop.Stop Stop Stop accussing.Stop Stop.Stop Stop Stop accussing
Stop Stop.Stop Stop Stop accussing(damn she make me wanna lose it)

[Verse 2]
A couple months pass and im still in that ass
Everyday we in the sheets like the Klu Klan
Next in the streets,arguing,she think I cheat
Just cause im busy?i just think she love me...
But she dont wanna be in love
Cause all her friends tell her remember how that nigga was?
And things that he done,to each and every girl?
Just imagine on tour a bunch of--bitches shutup!
They dont know shit about us,famous
I can pay them to play naked.can I
Watch a stipper put dollar bills on her anus.angry
Im just keeping it real,dont you hate it?...
What im sayin,is that ain't me
We can get away while their aiming
Sea shores relaxe like you fainting but its like the world changing..
And..you..changing..wit it.but I dont wanna waste your minutes(minutes)
Because every moment's precious(precious)
Look at all the shit we blessed wit,benz's,houses,necklaces,correct me if this isnt wat u wanted
I like to see us peaceful in the public
Hugging.people like look at that couple
But you dont wanna none of it so fuck you and fuck it

[Hook]
Answer your phone.hello?(wuddup)
Pick up your phone,are you cheating?
(are you cheating on me).answerable
Your wrong. (i think your wrong)ive been with you this whole weekend
Stop Stop.Stop Stop Stop accussing.Stop Stop
Stop Stop Stop accussing.Stop Stop.Stop Stop Stop accussing(damn she make me wanna lose it)
Stop Stop.Stop Stop Stop accussing.Stop Stop.Stop Stop Stop accussing
Stop Stop.Stop Stop Stop accussing(damn she make me wanna lose it)

One new message, six saved messages, first new message
WHERE THE FUCK ARE YOU
I’ve been fucking calling you all fucking night long
I been leaving you messages
Text messages
I know you’re with that fucking girl
You fucking piece of shit
I know you’re fucking lying to me
You lied to me yesterday, you lied to me today
And I’m going to fucking find out….everything
I’m going to find out everything
I’m going to fucking kill you
Cause I know you’ve been lying to me
You’re FUCKING DRIVING ME FUCKING NUTS
I DON’T KNOW WHAT TO DO
I text messaged you like 10 times you didn’t fucking text message me back once
Like I can’t fucking take it
I just want to talk to you
Like I love you so much
Beep
Message Erased