[Intro]
Ready?

[Verse 1]
On the block nigga, I was juggin' dodging all these opps nigga
I don't understand how y'all wack nigga, if I pull up best believe I got them shooters with me, Uh-Ayy, yeah it's God's Plan, tryna go ahead and stack a couple hunnid bands
Like XXX nigga Look At Me, best believe I be the hardest you can see
Out of New Jersey, Paterson nigga, I be juggin' on the block with my friends nigga, we was tryna go and get it imma Icon, I don't understand how you know it I done shook once
Niggas tryna go ahead go and bounce with it, bounce with that nigga you so wack, I be on that block I'm juggin' with my niggas, I pull up if I can get it right now with a couple shooters laid
Niggas wanna go and try-
Oh yeah yeah, the nigga try me then he grindin', best believe this gonna leave him blinded 'cause if a nigga try me than he's off it
Off Limits, My verses, you gotta pay for that feature bitch
Niggas steady tweakin' I pull up I'm 'bout to get it right now and best believe I'm with my shooters nigga

[Bridge 1]
Ha ha ha ha
Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah
Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey

[Hook 1]
I mob deep shook once, niggas look uh, I done pull up with a cool one
Niggas don't know this is God's plan, if I stop rapping that's not God's plan, y'all niggas wack like the thunder man
Y'all don't understand I'm black lightning
Pull up or I'll get it with a couple niggas
I just wanna go and try to secure the bag nigga

[Verse 2]
I ain't migos I don't feel like that shit nigga, I ain't gonna lie, man I feel like four bricks nigga, if you pay me for a feature that's a brick nigga, understand that's about 26 nigga...
Issa Hit, Issa Hit...
I be fuckin' with...Yo Bitch! Give her dick! Then she shit!
I'm lit! Nigga I'm lit!
Size 12 with yo fuckin' ass nigga, you be tryin' me go skip class nigga
I don't wanna hear no beef shit, you a bunch of bitch Bitch!

[Bridge 2]
Ha ha ha
That's it man, fuck that shit
(No no no, Finish it, Finish It)
Aight Look

[Hook 2]
She put her ass in my face, now I'm gonna do the race
I ain't never did the case, but I'm finna do the race
If a nigga wanna try me that's because that shit was laced nigga
I don't even sell that shit, that shit was maced nigga, If a nigga try me than he laced nigga, Imma try and go get it like the cage nigga
Best believe they be boostin' me in that cage nigga, I feel like I'm Bruce Banner where the fuck the stage nigga?

[Outro]
(AHHH! ISSA HIT! HA! HA! HA!)
I dead ass said "I feel like Bruce Banner, where the cage nigga?"