[Intro: Timbaland]
Yeeeah, remix!

[Verse 1: Timbaland]
How you want it I got it, a million a slow
I’m like a drug dealer, come and get it then go
Get it get it girl get it on the floor
I got that good what I give ya going go
Whether you rhyme slow or the beat fast
I beat the breaks off the beat pad
Them hoes like "Timbo, he’s bad"
Bitch, I never love ya off your knee pad
VA Beach the best that I could be reached at
Want a number one hit?
Bring your pen and your weed stash
Quick flipping up SexyBack
Top of the charts nigga that’s where we at
Where ya at? Boost mobile
I’m Nextel, you heard chirp
My records sell yes sir, my records sell, yes sir

[Hook: Justin Timberlake & Jay-Z]
We running that show all around the globe
But you ain’t gotta act like you know, we give it to ya
It’s just that every word that comes outta your mouth
Some old bitch that we did before, we give it to ya
Now I don’t know if you was trying to check
But did you check us at the top of the game? We give it to ya
It’s us, not you, get used to it girl
Cause that shit just ain’t gonna change, we give it to ya, uh-uh
Hahahaha! Shit is funny to me Timbo!

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
If anybody got a problem with me, y'all come get me
I ain't hiding, y'all ain't riding
I ain't got a problem in the world nigga, thorough nigga
Represent the borough nigga, B.K. all day
Man up, girl-nigga, I don't give a fuck
Buck-buck, die, nigga, you ain't my nigga
Slow dreaming up ways to help you niggas die quicker
Ha, quicker-ha, laughing all the way to the top
Two hundred milli in cash, thirty-five mill in stock
I diddy bop like Diddy
Back when Biggie cock-eyes hypnotized the masses
Behind Versace glasses, Coogi sweaters, Pelle leathers
I been doing this for forever, so whatever
However, wherever, whenever (whenever)
Why-ever? I back down never (I'll never)
Actions speak louder than words
You ain't heard it from me, I'm a motherfucking verb

[Hook: Justin Timberlake]
We running that show all around the globe
But you ain’t gotta act like you know, we give it to ya
It’s just that every word that comes outta your mouth
Some old bitch that we did before, we give it to ya, uh
Now I don’t know if you was trying to check
But did you check us at the top of the game? We give it to ya
It’s us, not you, get used to it, bruh
Cause that shit just ain’t gon' change, we give it to ya, uh

[Interlude: Timbaland]
Ha, ah, clap, come on
Uh, uh, clap, come on
Uh, uh, clap uh-huh
Uh, clap, come on
We on top of the world!
JT! Timbo! Jay-Z!
Give it to me, ha ha, ha ha
Give it to me, ha ha, ha ha
Give it to me (We ain't gon stop right here)
Give it to me (I'm number one, baby)
Give it to me (O-on the top of the charts)
Give it to me (Number one in U.K.)
Give it to me (Number one in U.S.)
Give it to me (Me and Danja, hey!)
Ha ha, ha ha ha ha
Ha ha, hee hee (Give it to me yo)
Ha ha, ha ha ha ha
Ha ha, hee hee (Give it to me)
Ha ha, ha ha ha ha
Ha ha, hee hee (Give it to me)

[Outro: Timbaland]
Marcella, I'm gon' slide it on out now
Gon' do ya lil mix thang to it
And we'll send it through bluetooth to the airwaves
I know y'all looking for it...
Bitches