[Intro]
Ladies and gentleman
Welcome to the I shoulda killed it...session
So, we got "Pressed"
"I Don't Give A Eff About You"
"23" and "Partition"
Let's get it!

[Pressed]
Why you niggas so pressed for?
Open up my mouth, all my words on a roll
Got you pissed off, ballin' up your fist for
Lemme pull out my lyrical pistol (bang!)

Pull out my lyrical pistol
These niggas act so hard like crystal
But they ain't nothin' but cubic zirconia
Bunch of horndogs, wanna woman to catch his boner
He just a non-commensensical kinda nigga fa sho
And some of them be trippin' cause they on the low
I shoulda killed this beat when it first came out
Showin' my fans what I'm all about
When it comes to random words, call it rhymin'
I'm too blessed for a chain cause I'm shinin'
Got my hater blockers on, have em blind and
So down to earth, you can call it grindin'
I hope you caught that, if you didn't, better bounce back
Use that good brain for more than a hat rack
Put you in the furnace like Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego
I'm a killer to these beats, call me serial

Why you niggas so pressed for?
Open up my mouth, all my words on a roll
Got you pissed off, ballin' up your fist for
Lemme pull out my lyrical pistol (bang!)
Pull out my lyrical pistol (bang!)
Pull out my lyrical pistol (bang!)
Pull out my lyrical pistol (bang!)
Why you niggas so pressed for? (pressed for)
Why you niggas so pressed for? (pressed for)
Why you niggas so pressed for? (pressed for)

[I Don't Fuck With You]
Lemme tell somethin' about you
I don't eff with you

You lil snitch ass niggas, I don't mess with you
You lil bitch ass niggas, I don't mess with you
You lil fake ass niggas, I don't mess with you
You lil stupid ol'
I don't give a what, I don't give a what
I don't-I don't-I don't give a what
Man, I don't give a eff about you or anything that you do
Don't give a eff about your lady or anything that she do
I don't give a what, I don't give a what
I don't-I don't-I don't give a what
Man, I don't give a eff about you or anything that you do
Don't give a eff about your lady or anything that she do

On the real, eff what you feel
At the end of day, we still gotta keep it real
I'm just comin' off the brain
I shoulda killed this beat when it first came out, mane
Excuse my language, Ima church boy
Been in the choir for a while kinda boy
Time to upgrade to a man kinda boy
High expectations in the future kinda boy
I'm a big dude and that's no doubt
The next B.I.G.? I'm way past that now
I'm me, S-E-V-O-N
I'm 'bout to go in like I shoulda been
The next all-star in entertainment
People screamin' my name, they can't contain it
And you know what, I can't really blame 'em
Cuz the fact of the matter is...

[23]
I'm only 22 and I'm 'bout to go ham
Only 22 and I'm 'bout to go ham
Only 22 and I'm 'bout to go ham
Only 22 and I'm 'bout to go ham
No Js on my feet, No Js on my feet
No Js on my feet (huh?), So get like me
No Js on my feet, No Js on my feet
No Js on my feet (huh?), So get like me

Don't get me wrong, I want a pair of Js
So I can ball up on the court like MJ
Naw, I'm messin with ya, I can do it with any kind of kicks
Ol' school beat down on the court, I don't need no tricks
Only tricks is for kids, man it's all about skill
Me spittin' bars is like puttin' hot links on the grill
Gotta let it cook so the flow can start lingerin'
Marinate with the barbeque sauce, have yo toes start tinglin'
I'm a west side brotha with southside roots
If you see me with KRIT on a song, it ain't no cahoots
Can't wait to live up to my dream
So I can be in the limo sayin' "Roll up the partition please"

[Partition]
Finale...(clears throat)
FINALE!

Driver roll up the partition, please
I don't wanna see my fans see my boo on her knees
Got her make up messed up, clothes messed up
Foggin' up the windows cuz I'm tearin' it up
Hol' up, I don't wanna give out too much info
It'll ruin the surprise for them other girls, you know
Pardon me, other women, lemme get it right
Cuz when a woman put it down, she put it down all night
Make a man feel right like he took a big flight
To Japan, London, Spain and Paris overnight
Good nana make a nigga wanna fight
But since I'm a gentleman, I'll be polite

[Chorus]
Take all of me
I just wanna be the man you want (man you want)
The kinda man you want (man you want)
Take all of me
I just wanna be the man you want (man you want)
The kinda man you want is right here, it's me
Right here, it's me
Right here, it's me
Right here, it's me
Right here, it's me

Meet me in the backseat of my limo
Girl, you're better off with me rather than a zero
The next El Negro, Heavy D would be proud
To see the big boy style ain't never goin' out
We on the turn up, Ima have the mamacitas
And oriental girls, can't forget the El Negras
It's about to get real, orgy style
But you ain't hear it from me, it was only word of mouth

[Women]
Ooh, oh Sevon you a nasty boy
Love the way you do it cause you the real McCoy

[Sevon]
Well, what can I say? Ima crazy boy
And I wouldn't mind makin' you my pleasure toy

[Chorus repeat]