Keyshia cole - last hangover
Ima take this spot on the bed w/me . cause im not tripping 
I know i made the right decision .yehp .ima get this up out my head .feel me 
No trouble sleeping , no more tear drops on my sheet set 
I won't look at your picture , remember your number, and im sleeping like a baby 
Cause this ain't nothing , tht i can't handle , ima light this candle , and let it burn . yeah 
- and i can see you ever so clearly .ain't no easy way over you . no . last call , holler if you hear me . b/c i already know the truth 
This is the last hangover , over . last hangover over over . its my last hangover over . i told myself tht i wouldn't do it know it no more . ima take it to the head , ima take one to the head , im gone . make you wnna just make you wanna just . take it to the head , ima take one to the head im gone . make you wanna just make you wanna just 

Ill do anything it takes , just to get you out my head cause everything i did , it wasn't enough for you. gave you everything i had , everything i had to give . untill i found out i gave up more than enough . everytime i give to you , you take away from me and that ain't the way its suppose to be . ill do everything in my power , to get back my power . and maybe tomorrow , i can see mine clearly 
- and i can see it ever so clearly .ain't no easy way over you . last call , holler if you hear me 
Oh this is my last hangover over , last hangover over . its my last hangover over . i told myself tht i wouldn't do it know it no more . ima take it to the head , ima take one to the head , im gone . make you wnna just make you wanna just . take it to the head , ima take one to the head im gone . make you wanna just make you wanna just
( timberland part ]
Last hangover over . last hangover over . lst hangover over . i told myself tht i wouldn't do it know it no more . ima take it to the head , ima take one to the head , im gone . make you wnna just . make you wanna just . take it to the head , ima take one to the head im gone . make you wanna just make you wanna just 