[Intro]

Roll out

[Hook]

I got my twin Glock forties, cocked back
Me and my homies, so drop that
We rollin' on twenties, with the top back
So much money, you can't stop that

Twin Glock forties, cocked back
Me and my homies, so drop that
We rollin' on twenties, with the top back
So much money, you can't stop that

[Part 1 (Ludacris)]

Now, where'd you get that platinum chain
With them diamonds in it?
Where'd you get that mackin' Benz, with them windows tinted?
Who them girls, you be with, when you be ridin' through?
Man, I ain't got nothin' to prove, I paid my duce
Breakin' the rules, I shake fools, while I'm takin' a cruise
Tell me who's your weed man and how do you smoke so good?
You's a superstar, boy, why you still up in the hood?
What in the world is in that bag, what you got in that bag?
A couple of cans, a whoop ass, you did a good ass job
Of just eyein' me, spyin' me

[Hook]

[Part 2(Ludacris)]

Man, that car don't come out, until next year
Where in the fuck did you get it?
That's eighty thousand bucks gone
Where in the fuck did you spend it?
You must have eyes on your back
Cause you got money to the ceilin'
And the bigger the cap, the bigger the peelin'
The better I'm feelin', the more that I'm chillin'
Winnin', drillin' and killin' the feelin'
Now, who's that bucket naked cook, fixin' three course meals?
Gettin' goosebumps with her body tapped in six inch heels
What in the world is in that room, what you got in that room?
A couple of gats, a couple of knives, a couple of rappers
A couple of wives, now it's time to choose

[Hook]

[Verse 3 (Ludacris)]

Are you custom made, custom paid, or you just custom fitted?
Play station two up in the ride, is that Lorenzo kitted?
Is that your wife, your girlfriend or just your main bitch?
You take a pick, while I'm rubbin' the hips
Touchin' lips to the top of the dick and then whew
Now, tell me who's your housekeeper
And what you keep in your house?
What about diamonds and gold
Is that what you keep in your mouth?
What in the world is in that case, what you got in that case?
Get up out my face, you couldn't relate
Wait to take place at a similar pace, so shake, shake it

[Hook]

[Part 4 (Ludacris)]

Get out my business, my business
Stay the fuck up out my business
Cause these niggas all up in my shit
And it's my business, my business
Stay the fuck up out my business
Cause it's mine, oh, mine

My business, my business
Stay the fuck up out my business
Cause these niggas all up in my shit
And it's my business, my business
Stay the fuck up out my business
Cause it's mine, oh, mine

Timberland, Ludacris, Disturbing Tha Peace

[Part 5 (Prinz Pi)]

Sie hören meine Stimme jetzt auf KissFM
Eurolinguistisch programmiere ich die Kids mit Slang
Laborierte seit einigen Tagen mit Peilerman
Und ihr hängt an einem seidenen Faden wie Spiderman
Ich hab die Schere hier, Westberlin
Die Stadt die nicht bekannt ist für ihr Edelbier
Hier leben die Fädenzieher
Das ist alles andere als verwunderlich, wir generieren solche Kraft
Packen sie in Radiowellen, strahlen die aus auf 98.8