[Intro: Millyz]
Tell me (?)
Got my hoodie on, yeah
I used to want a beat from Statik now I got an album wit' 'em
Check the album (?), ay

[Verse 1: Millyz]
I spend my days tryna' coke wit' it
Pour some liquor have a smoke wit' it
Since park (?) days gettin' so lifted
That (?) considered prolific
Shouldda shot, didn't realize that life got no limits
(Hold up, ay)
Back against the wall the most comfortable
Diss me on a song, the homies huntin' you
I have them layin' on your crib for a month or two
Ayo, Statik, what the fuck it do?
I got fantasies of tannish (?) keys coolin' under canopies
A fan of me told me that I made it but I can't agree
Cause I'm still slidin' through in hoopties
Difference is they ain't gotta introduce me, truthfully
(?) sweats, pocket full of latex, stay fresh
I just left Toronto to L.A. next
You should see me out in Boston how I break necks
Same one to move the product from the Payless (me)
These is bars for the soul
Pray they open up the gates when my brother see parole
They hated me since my inception
Expect it, I couldn't be an X.X.L. freshman
Due to my behavioral disorders
Lookin for the Blanco shit, I'm way across the border
Yeah, I be all the way in Mexico (Mexico)
Light the dial up and let it go (let it go)
Yeah, let it go
(heh heh, uh)

[Verse 2: Jadakiss]
I put the barrel straight to your head
Don't matter if you punchin' the clock or the shakin' the feds
Smokin' at an early age, I relate to the dread
I was on the honor roll but I relate to the speds
Wait a minute, hold up
Matter fact, roll up
From the hood, no luck
Get your ass tore up (yeah)
When you don't say nothin' that's immunity, regardless
My niggas went to jail, I went to community college
Sold a little drugs, after that I was an artist
Shinin' already, I came in the game polished
Got my money right, after that I gained knowledge
Ode to youth in the booth get the mileage
I mean what I say and I say it with aggression (I mean it)
That I'm the wrong one to play with in this session
My name reigns supreme at the top of this profession (forever)
Only thing that I play with is the Wesson
Ah, or the Smithin', listen
G.G. four (?) if it ain't the sour or the piffin (?)
My connect came from Mexico
Crack the D'Usse and let it go
Let it go
What (what)

[Outro: Jadakiss]
Real Hip-Hop shit
Type of shit I love