[Intro]
Cause I never met nobody planned to be a parent in the hood
Be a parent in the hood, parent's just don't understand y'all
Parenthood. Be a parent in the hood. Parent in the hood
Parenthood. Be a parent in the hood. Parent in the hood
Parenthood hood. Be a parent in the hood. Parent parent in the hood
Che'

[Verse 1]
Mirror reflection, made in his image
Reflecting, is it neglecting? cause he didn't
Toss the balls in the park, like them other dads
Wrestle in the grass, give noogies, clean boogies
As he should be, both hands on your shoulder pads
Says "go get 'em tiger" on the field you dash
Alas, he wasn't there in the stands, with your family and friends
When you caught the touchdown pass
To win the title pop, wanna pop on a different path
Block corner with the sorted bags, sorted and
As reality, really too bad, cause you don't wanna be like Mike
'bout Daddy you brag, you wanted to be, someone, something he could see
Skip school, quit team, and enter the street
Became Daddy, sadly, intimately, embraced his life
Gladly, mimicked his speech, studied his walk, seriously
Became one with him, a true son to him. Feel the aim instantly
A boy needs a father to lean on, if he gone, the cycle gon' repeat
Just keep on

[Hook]
Parenthood. Be a parent in the hood
Parenthood. Be a parent in the hood. Parent in the hood
Parenthood. Be a parent in the hood. Parent in the hood
Parenthood hood. Be a parent in the hood. Parent parent in the hood

[Verse 2]
Yeah
The womb's protection, made in her image
Reflecting, is it neglecting? cause she didn't
Cook the meals, clean the crib, keep the kids safe
She gettin' shit faced. White powder try ta cower
When she visits school, Mom is a disgrace
Misplaced love, found hate in it's place
Sensei, shuns her son's faith
Found hell, heaven can wait to open gates
A woman's grace, crawls in space, and her heartbeat great
But Mommy ain't in a motherly state
She says "Daddy gotta do what he do for the family
And momma gotta use what she use to get by", abuse and get high
Truth momma, why even lie? Your son not a fool realize
The proof in your eyes, if I choose, to put this, needle in your side
Can I ease in our lies? And the vein in demise, the pain, once again subsides
Why we gotta hurt to feel good, Why? Momma knows what's goin' on inside
And decides to miss God, walk on by. Close her eyes

[Outro]
Be a parent in the hood
Parenthood. Be a parent in the hood. Parent in the hood
Parenthood. Be a parent in the hood. Parent in the hood
Parenthood hood. Be a parent in the hood. Parent parent in the hood