[Obie Trice]
Yeah, Trice
The Statik Selektah

[Verse 1: Obie Trice]
O back around the corner, got the crack
Put in your orders, we 'bout to run up out the storages
It's notorious, the way I got big spitting stories
BME's X-Clan, vanglorious
We're not your favorite, fuck it, you know the system
And you buck it, have you revisiting how you used to love it
My niggas spew through the music, acoustics
School kid used to pursue excuses
Truth is, I was truant in school
So its influence is foolish, that was my views
I’m back at it, the rap addict, by any means
We gonna get these stacks accurate, no skinny jeans
Say he ain't a star, niggas might be right
I'm so regular, nigga gotta shit tonight
Take it back Selektah, let 'em know it's Trice
Put your seatbelts on, we gon' ride tonight

[Verse 2: Eminem]
And I would like to introduce myse-self, surprise! Hi, it's Ike
'Bout to get my Ike on, I come with a life supply of wife beaters
And my Nikes on and a white tee over that iron mic
Lookin' fly tonight, feel like I might die from a spider bite
Come back as Spider-Man, park my Peter inside a dyke
Bitch actin' like she got fuckin' higher standards than Meijer's, right
Had to pry her fingers off the mothafuckin' Breyer's ice cream
With the pliers, like "Ahh!" only a ruthless bastard would do this
Take a toothless bitch with no taste buds to Ruth's Chris
Give her toothpicks, stop on the way home, pick up two Big Bufords
Scrupulous, girl, you got a nice pair, but you're plumb stupid!
So when I pull up in that Benz, don't try to pretend you ain't interested
To impress your stupid ass friends and refuse to get in woman
And get slammed on the ground and snap like a pool stick against cement
If you sick of dick, pretend it's a musical instrument
You get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
I can tell at first glance you're a ho 'cause your pants are so tight
When you dance with O. Trice, your implants explode
So cold to dykes, the chance is snow in San Francisco
Boy I'm from Detroit city, you live in animosity
That's a fucked up state to be in, such an atrocity
Look where these random thoughts get me in senseless mind babble
"What me? Apologize?" That's just the way the rhyme unravels
And I wouldn't fucking take it back if I time traveled!

[Hook: Eminem]
Just call me Richard, 'cause I'm a dick
It's also Richard 'cause I feel like you should
Pry your fucking mouth up off of it
I said just call me Richard, 'cause I'm a dick
You ain't gotta be no detective to figure out I'm a dick
When I hold my privates it's your first clue, Sherlock, prick!
Just call me Richard

[Verse 3: Obie Trice]
That's my motives, jumpin' off in Rovers
All white, like I was right up in the Dakotas
Or Minnesota, did I mention soda?
When it's mixed with the yola, watch my cup runneth over
Cut from a soldier, them ho niggas disposable toaster
Putting holes in a nigga getting close enough
BME 'til the credits roll
'til my condition is beyond what the medics know
They wanna edit O, like a prosthetic third
Leg let it go, this is Shady 1.0, Em let 'em know
I still profit through the process
The prize in my jeans my balls'll never digress
I'm a dick that I brag about
I put it in faster than I drag it out
World, I be your special friend see
'Cause these suckas suffer from pseudo-penis envy... So!

[Hook: Eminem]
Just call me Richard, 'cause I'm a dick
It's also Richard 'cause I feel like you should
Pry your fucking mouth up off of it
I said just call me Richard, 'cause I'm a dick
You ain't gotta be no detective to figure out I'm a dick
When I hold my privates it's your first clue, Sherlock, prick!
Just call me Richard