[Produced By: Statik Selektah]

[Verse 1: Ab-Soul]
I wake up every morning to text messages
From foreigners saying they love me, they miss me
They want me, are you in town?
When are you coming over, are you around?
How’s life treating you? Are you holding it down?
Can you wear my T-shirt? Can you come to my store?
How much for a verse from Kendrick Lamar?
Is Q really from Hoover? Is Rock still signed to Tech N9ne?
And this is just when I rise, imagine my whole day
My momma smiling more than ever, man and it’s so strange
It’s what I asked for though, I can’t complain
I wanna say “I told you so” but that won’t change a thing I’m afraid
I paid my little sister’s rent last month, man, that was great
My grandpa thought I wouldn’t graduate
Now I’m selling out shows and he’s stoked and shows all in his face
I even put my step pops in his place, for questioning my objective in this place
I don’t blame him, I’m just saying, always knew I was the man
I owe nothing to no one, except those who told me I was the one
When lowkey I wasn’t, that was what I was becoming
Now I’m buzzing and everybody my cousin, that’s phony
Y’all don’t know me, where was y’all when I was lonely?
A pack of Black and Milds every twenty four hours
Skipping showers ‘cause I felt dirty, unworthy of power
Though I never cursed the Lord, but I questioned his motives
I still do, except now, I’m exceptionally focused
However the road ends, I’m rolling, say amen
You foes won’t stop me or succeed like I can
I see snakes, the grass must be cut, is it Wednesday?
And I’m  happy especially nip it at the bud now
And what is happening exactly? I’m sick of the smoke signals
Like a green cross in a dispensary window
Unit 6 woulda been dope but the industry wouldn’t let it
Creativity don’t tend to mix with business endeavors
Whatever though, you know the anthem is get money and some
Become a legend and leave a legacy for your grandson
I told Lani I’mma do it, and I did it, hope she forgive me when she hear me saying shit like
“G’s up nigga, hoes down, if the bitch can't swim, then she gon’ drown in it”

[Hook: Ab-Soul]
You know I stay on my humble but these days ain’t fuckin’ with me (ain’t fuckin’ with me)
I go from Carson to Harlem, I hold it down, how couldn’t you see? (how couldn’t you see?)
You know I’m here for the long term, it’s my turn, pull up a seat (pull up a seat)
Go ahead and light up the smoke and throw up your hands and wave with me
Where’s Max B when you need him?
Where’s Max B when you need him?
Pour up your drink and wave with me
Where’s Max B when you need him?
Where’s Max B when you need him?
Where’s Max B when you need him?
This is the new wave now jump in the sea

[Outro: Max B]
Ay yo, y’all niggas stay wavy man, I love y’all man
Keep the wave goin’ I told y’all I was gonna leave y’all with that wave
About 500 out there in the [?] county
Man y’all stay strong, I’m still staying strong, I’m focused
I’m on my way back, prophecy will be fulfilled
It’s wavy for life, don’t forget it I’m still wavy
Oww, Oww