[Intro - 'N Sync & Nelly]
(Would you be my girlfriend?)
Uh, Ay, Ay
Uh, Would you be my girl?
Would you be my, (would you be my girlfriend?)
Uh, Ay
Would you be my, (would you be my girlfriend?)
(Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay) (Check it, check it, check it)

[Verse 1 - Nelly]
He don't want you like I want you believe me boo I dun told you
He don't appreciate you ma, I can tell by the way he hold you
He don't love you like I can love you, or squeeze you like I squeeze
I'll make your neck pop back and in fact I'll buckle your knees, please (hey)
Okay, baby what's it gon' take for you to be my lady (tell me right now)
I hear your friends tell you should, your parents tell you its good
Your lil' sister keep yelling, "Nelly, I wish you would"
But you're hesitating, debating whether or not it's real
I ain't shooting game, boo, I'm just telling you how I feel
I'm digging everything about you, your hips and the way they sway
I hate to see you leave boo, but love to see ya walk away
I'll be your personal shrink, boo, I care what you think
I bought the Bentley in pink 'cuz my dough 'N Sync
So tell ya man (bye bye) and tell him you're long (gone)
Ain't no needing waiting up, you done found you another (home)(woo)

[Verse 2 - Justin Timberlake]
I don't know why you care (why you thinking bout him mamma?)
He doesn't even know you're there
Cause he don't love your eyes (no)
And he don't love your smile (no)
Girl you know that ain't fair (c'mon)

[Bridge - 'N Sync]
In the middle of the night
Is he gonna be by your side?
Or will he run and hide?
You don't know cause things ain't clear
And baby when you cry
Is he gonna stand by your side?
Does the man even know you're alive?
I got an idea

[Hook - 'N Sync]
Why don't you be my girlfriend
I'll treat you good (I'll treat you good girl)
I know you hear your friends when they say you should
Cause if you were my girlfriend
I'd be your shining star
The one to show you where you are
Girl you should be my girlfriend

[Verse 3 - JC Chasez]
Does he know what you feel (does he know what you feel?)
Are you sure that it's real yeah (are you sure?)
Does he ease your mind (nah)
Or does he break your stride? (c'mon)
Did you know that love could be a shield yeah

[Bridge]

[Hook]

[Verse 4 - Nelly]
Need a fiancé, cute as Beyonce
Ghetto like Da Brat, ready to scrap when I say
The talents of Alicia, my fault, Ms. Keys
I take the hips off Trina, and lips off Eve
I put ya so high on a pedestal, it might make ya nose bleed
So much ice around ya ankles, and watch ya toes freeze
Whats wrong, ma? Ya man ain't bringing ya joy?
Don't trip, flip ya scrip to a country boy
Now c'mon

[Verse 5 - Justin Timberlake & JC Chasez]
Ever since I saw your face
Nothing in my life has been the same
I walk around just saying your name
Without you my world would end, yeah
I've searched around this whole damn place
And everything says you were meant to be
My girlfriend, oh

[Hook]

[Outro - 'N Sync & Nelly]
Ahh (uh uh uh uh) (you make my heart sing)
Ahh (you make my heart sing)
Ahh (uh uh uh uh) (baby, baby, yeah) (you make my heart sing)
Ahh (girl you should be my girlfriend) (would you be my)
Girl you should be my girlfriend (would you be my girl)
Girl you should be my girlfriend (would you be my)
Girl you should be my girlfriend