[Intro: City Spud]
Yeah...
Right...
Nelly…
St. Louis…
City…

[Hook: Lil St. Louis and City Spud]
Bitch I'm counting these hundreds
If it ain't bout money then i ain't got time for that
And it ain't shit funny got to keep the block running
So i ain't got time for that
Nigga you broke from tricking these hoes
You ain't got time for that
Nigga fuck that bitch, i'm trying to get rich
I ain't got time for that shit
If you wonder what I'm doing better know

[Verse 1: Nelly]
You talking money then you calling my name
You talking bout flippin money then you talking my game
You talking bout gettin money then we talking the same
You talking bout small money then you talking the lame
I'm like that, so mellow, whole nother level
Metallica in the trunk, heavy metal
5.0 yup I gets little
Guess who's back?  Unh-unh no riddle
Two bad bitches, guess who in the middle?
Three fifteen yup, guess who eating vittles?
You still eating kibbles but the bitch won't get it
If it don't come fully equipped then don't get it
If the seats ain't leather my man then don't sit it
If you ain't got no rubbers on hand then don't hit it
Hear what i tell you man?  Don't play with it
Nope, nope, don't play with it
I collect money like child support
I got to get it cuz I got to pay child support
Cuz my baby momma think I'm like a slot machine
I like soccer moms, I'm on a "sock her" team
From the block to the board room
We can do it in the streets or in the court room
I put a hoop in the house, that's a court room
Now a nigga hitting jumpers from the fourth room
You better know

[Hook]

[Verse 2: City Spud]
I ain't got time to be sipping out tryin to be tripping
Got to get this money nigga with the rhyme or the chicken (right?)
Never talk shit got a bad bitch with a fat ass nigga that'll put it down in the kitchen
You don't want to see me whip it (whip it), turn the stove high
Pop that spark cigarillo till it's sittin (yeah)
Add the baking soda and the dope then you whip it till it's hard
Add a lot of different colors what you get? (hey)
'Tics in the grass, C Class offset dubs
Tinted windows and the paint be chameleon (yeah)
Chilling like a villain 120 on 40
With a shorty that i met the other day that i was feeling (feeling)
She don't get nada (nada), ne- ne- nada (nada)
Nope, nope, ne- ne- nada (nada)
No wine glasses, sipping out tha bottle (bottle)
No Four Seasons, only the Ramada Inn
No Chanel, no no Prada (no Prada)
Just Lavelle, boonk and Muscato (Muscato)
So bring Michelle, Kim and Natacha (yeah)
Canary yell, cuz shorty ass proper
You, you can get it
Her, she can get it
Them, they can get it
All y'all can get it
And i'm cool as i want to be, smooth as i want to be
But don't get it twisted nigga the tool stay up under me yeah

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Lil St. Louis]

[Hook 2x]