Dumb dumb dumb, another day at work
Man...where the heck are my keys?
I can't be late for work again
It's bad enough I don't get any tips
There they go

Before I was even in The Source trying to get 5 mics
I made deliveries for extra duck sauce and fried rice
For about 5 nights outta' the week
I pulled up to peoples houses and hopped outta my jeep
That shit was hard work... but hey, no pain no gain
I runnin' red lights to make sure they have hot lo mein
This ain't dominos... 30 minutes or less
You should be impressed if I even show up at your address
Customers got me stressed... constantly complainin
Tellin' me to turn down that loud music that I'm playin'
Whatever happened to tippin'? see these folks are strange
9.99 give me a 10 and tell keep the change
A whole penny for me, that's some shit
24 more deliveries and I can buy a whole bag of chips
Just the thought of it is making me sick
Hold up, let me take this order real quick

[Jin]Hello, house of china how can I help you sir?
[Man on phone]Yeah I want to order me ah... spare ribs... and ah... give me a quarter of friedrice
[Jin]Ok, would you like to try today's special sir?
[Man on phone]No I don't want to try anybody's special
[Jin]It's very good very good
[Man on phone]No special I'm good, I just want my freakin' food
[Jin]What's your address sir?
[Man on phone]Ah... 1474 mockingbird lane
[Jin]Ok be there in about 30 mins, thank you very much...
[Man on phone]Yeah... make it snappy

So after I take the order I put it in the kitchen
And you them Chinese chefs they always be bitchin'
Screamin' n' yellin', tryin' to play me like I'm dumb
Shut yo ass up and keep cookin' that egg foo yung
Finally the food is done and I'm ready to dip
Grab the two bags of grub and head for the whip
Put the key in the ignition and I step on the gas
My pockets kind of swollen and they filled with cash
I pull up to the house, the shit doesn't look safe
Double checked the address make sure I'm the in right place
Yup 1474, I see it on the door
Got out of the whip almost slipped on dog shit on the floor (eeewww)
Something smells fishy 'bout the whole situation
All of a sudden I feel my heart beat racin'
I ring the bell and patiently I'm waitin'
When the door opened up, two shotguns is what I'm facin' (oh shit!)

I can't believe this shit just happened
Me Jin, a victim of a jackin'
I don't know what was wrong with these dudes
They just robbed me for some chinese food
I don't know what was on their minds
I guess they where goin' through hard times
I guess they were some hungry dudes
Cause the just robbed me for some chinese food

Imma' make a run for it, if I get the chance
Starin' down the barrel, shit I almost pissed my pants
It was two guys, one short and one a lil' shorter
I recognize his voice the shorter one placed the order
Either I was dreamin' or I smoked some bomb weed
Two midgets with shotguns were about to rob me
Now I'm nervous as hell that's not a surprise
Its like I saw my whole life flash in front of my eyes
I'm thinkin' about my future wife and kids
The only thing on their minds is the rice and ribs
See the funny thing is they don't want me cash at all
They just said give up the food and that was all
Call the cops... why would I? I don't want to be on the news
A guy gets dropped by two midgets for some chinese food
So if you make deliveries for the price of rice
And if you see two midgets you better run for your life

I can't believe this shit just happened
Me Jin, a victim of a jackin'
I don't know what was wrong with these dudes
They just robbed me for some chinese food
I don't know what was on their minds
I guess they where goin' through hard times
I guess they were some hungry dudes
Cause the just robbed me for some chinese food

[Some guy]Damn you just got robbed for some chinese food?
[Jin]Yea..
[Some guy]By 2 midgets?
[Jin]Yes...
[Some guy]I guess they where a lil hungry...get it? a lil hungry?