Original / Romaji Lyrics &	English Translation (English not included in original song; in parentheses for translation)
Shiroi IYAHON o mimi ni ate  sukoshi niya to shite aizu suru
Shimikonda kono ondo ga  DOA o NOKKU shita shunkan ni afuresou ni naru yo
"Mada mienai?" Me o kogorashite nozomu soudatsusen
Ano hi choucho shita nouri kara "Ima da, torimodose" to KOODO ga naridashisou

(I raise white headphones to my ears and signal with a little grin.
The heat soaked in me seems to flood out the moment I knock on the door.
"Still can't see it?" It's a contest of staring, hopeful eyes.
From that day I hesitated, a chord seemed to ring out from my mind: "Now, take it back!")

Itoshikute, tsurakute, sekai o kiratta HITO no
Hidoku rifujin na "Kousei"
Koutei shite icha mirai wa umidasenai

(The loving, harsh people that hated the world;
If their cruelly irrational "system"
succeeds, the future shall not come.)

Shounen shoujo mae o muku  kureru enten sae kibouron datte
"TSUREMODOSE" "TSUREMODOSE"
Mikazuki ga akaku moeagaru
Saa saa, KOODO o zero de kizame
Souzouryoku no gaisoku no sekai e  OOBAA na kuusou sensen
e

(Young men and women, face forward. Even in the despair of the blazing sun, find some cause for hope.
"Bring it back!" "Bring it back!"
The crescent moon bursts into red flames.
Come, come, write this code in zeros.
To the world outside imagination, to the exaggerated warfront of fantasy.)

"O-saki ni douzo" tte shita o dasu  yoyuu butta mujaki na me
"Hora deban da" PASUWAADO de  me o samashita jajauma wa tomaranai
Mou yoru ga fukaku naru "OKOSAMA" nara moeru enchousen
Gyakkyou guai ga KUURU daro? Nerenai ne mada mada  hora hayaku! Hayaku!!

("Go ahead," you stick out your tongue, feigning an air of composure in those innocent eyes.
"Look, it's my turn." And with the password, the awakened shrew will not stop.
Already, the night grows thick, but for the "Children," the extra innings burn on.
But facing adversity is cool, ain't it? No, I can't sleep, not yet. Come on, hurry! Hurry!!)

IN TEMPO de shisen o awasete  HAI TACCHI de BIITO ga naridaseba
Kangaete cha osoi deshou? Hora nokkatte kou ze
WAN KOODO de shisen o awasete  buttonda GURUUBU ga uzumakeba
Joudan ja nai mieru hazu  sono HAI ENDO no fuukei no sukima ni

(In tempo, our gazes meet. And when the beat rings out with a high-five,
It's too late to think about, isn't it? So, let's just hop on!
With one code, our gazes meet. And when the striking groove swirls,
It's no longer just a joke, you should see, here in the gap between the high end scenery.)

Saa doudai, kono atsusa mo  surechigai sou datta kachikan mo
"Warukunai kana" me o hiraki, te o toriattara
Angai CHIIPU na kotoba mo "Aikotoba da" tte ii aeru.
Sukoshi dake mae o mukeru

(So, how is it? Both this heat and these values that happened to cross.
"It's not that bad." And when you open your eyes and take my hand,
Surprisingly, we can fight using these cheap words as "passwords."
We can face forward, just a little.)

Shounen shoujo, mae o muku  yureru enten sura kibouron datte
Omoidashi, kuchi ni dasu  fukashigi na deai to wakare o
"Nee nee, toppi na sekai no koto  sanzan datte warai tobasetanda"
Aizu ga owaru

(Young men and women, face forward. Even in the shimmering heat of the blazing sun, find some cause for hope.
Remember and put into words those mysterious meetings and farewells.
"Hey, about this strange world: I could've laughed at it for being so harsh."
The signal ends.)

Shounen shoujo mae o muke  kuramu enten sura kibouron datte
"TSUKAMITORE" "TSUKAMITORE" to  taiyou ga akaku moeagaru
Saa saa, KOORU da. Saigo no shiyou  saizensaku wa sono me o mihiraita
OOBAA na mousou sensen  kanjousei no MEBIUSU no saki e

(Young men and women, face forward! Even in the dizzying heat of the blazing sun, find some cause for hope.
"Grab it back!" "Grab it back!" The sun bursts into red flames.
Come, come, that's the call! Let's end this! The best plan has opened those eyes.
Past the exaggerated warfront of delusion, past the Moebius strip of emotion.)