It's from the heart..
It's from the heart right here.. (yeah)
Everybody has a story to tell..
Check this out though

[Verse One]
I knew this chinese dude in Junior High
Part of my crew, everybody knew the kid
He was the talk of the school, intelligent
And well spoken, respected by teachers
All the other students kept their eyes on his sneakers
What can I say? You can tell he's cool if you talk with him
During fire drills girls would wanna walk with him
He could have any chick up in his view
But there was only one girl he wanted to call boo
See its all true, found himself stressed in a dead end
The girl he was feelin was obsessed with his bestfriend
His bestfriends a playa, thats the reason he's pissed
Plus he treat her like she don't even exist
He ain't tryna hate on his man, but there was no help in it
Wrote the girl a letter told her how he felt in it
She was shocked at first of him revealing the truth
Till she realized that she was feelin him too

[Hook: Aja Smith]
Ohhh..
I've been thinking of you
Ohhh..
I've been thinking of you
Ohhh..
I've been thinking of you
Ohhh..
I've been thinking of you

And you've been thinkin of me

Ohhh..

Uh
So you know as time goes by
Things get a little bit serious
Just listen

[Verse Two]
It was strictly hip hop, now they bumpin slow jams all day
Went from holding hands, to makin out in the hallway
Their relationship, seemed like a dream come true
As time went by their friendship grew
Staring at the stars, trading secrets on the phone
When her parents were at work, she would sneak him in her room
He told her he was a virgin the day that they met
So on his birthday he got a gift he'll never forget
Females were jealous, but they still calling him cute
First day of summer school, they rocked the matching nautica suits
Happy in each others arms, can it be
They found true love, living in a fantasy
Then reality attacks, his pops couldn't see past the fact
His son was asian, but his girlfriend was black
Imagine having to choose between the one that you love or your fam
Thats like cutting off your right or left hand, damn

[Hook]

Uh huh, yeah

I know this sounds like a true story
Coulda happened to any one of us
It's crazy though right?

[Verse Three]
Now if this sounds like a true story
That's probably cause it is
And I know for a fact cause I'm that chinese kid
Mm, lookin back now, I know its more than just a crush
I'm sayin the whole expierience taught me so much
Love can overcome anything that gets in its way
Thats reason I still think of shorty 'til this day
We talk now and then, she's doin her thing
We both full grown up, I think she rockin a ring
I know she's proud of me and all the things I've accomplished
She was there when I was nobody, that's being honest
Ain't no shame, I'll admit it she was there when I cried
So in return I wipe the tears from her eyes
As far as my pops, he's a little more open minded
If his son is happy, hes 100% behind it
Now this is a song I know I had to do
Cause all the stuff I went through might have happened to you

[Hook]

Ohhh..

Uh, yeah

Everybody remembers their first love
You only get one
So you gotta remember
Yeah
Uh
I just wanted you to know
Jin's still thinkin about you
I know you've been thinkin' about me too