Oh, oh, oh

[Verse 1: MC Jin]
Lately I ain't been sleeping, staying up all night
Contemplating, trying to figure out just what is life
Could it be that it's just me, when nothing's right?
Does anyone else out there know what is like?
Feels like I'm drowning, and I'm putting up a fight
But my strength is wearing out, not a life guard in sight
I know I'm not suppose to show none of my weaknesses
But that just goes to show you how deep this is
Part of me is saying, 'be a man, stand tall!'
But I'd be foolish if I wouldn't think I can fall!
When all I see about these four walls are closing in
I close my eyes and see my only friend

[Hook: Dawen]
Not understanding
Feeling like there's no one to turn to!
And anybody, body
Don't worry about the things I can fall
You keep me from going over the edge, the edge, the edge

[Verse 2: MC Jin]
Even if I wanted to call it quits
You wouldn't let me
Not only that, but you're quick to come and uplift me!
Through it all, you're the only one I'd listen to
From you I learn that true love is unconditional!
I wish that I could do for others what you do for me
Truthfully, I'm not even sure, what you would do for me
Time and time again I stumble and I fall
But you still stick by me, I'm just humbled by it all!
These words that I'm saying along' are long overdue
Only reason that I exist, is all cause of you!
So from here on now, I promise to be a soldier
Cause when I'm on the edge, you keep me from going over!

[Hook]
Not understanding
Feeling like there's no one to turn to!
And anybody, body
Don't worry about the things I can fall
You keep me from going over the edge, the edge, the edge

Yo, your love is precious, something that I just can't waste
As long as you're with me, there's nothing I can't face
Your love is like, your love is full of' grace
I know for me, there's gotta be a brighter day!
I'll never question you again, cause you're always right
And at the end of the darkest tunnel, it's always light!
Your love is like food to my soul
Only you can make up!

[Hook](x2)
Not understanding
Feeling like there's no one to turn to!
And anybody, body
Don't worry about the things I can fall
You keep me from going over the edge, the edge, the edge