[Intro: L.T.]
We may look different, but we see the same sky
We may see different, but we cry the same cry

[Jin]
To wake up daily, and sleep better nights
That's what we all wish for, to seek a better life - right?
It's unfortunate when tragedy strikes
But the truth is, reality bites
June 4th, '89, a day residents fear
Now known as the massacre at Tiananmen Square
The day I turned seven, they were mournin' and grievin'
Thousands of innocents died for what they believed in
Armed with nothin' but heart and a point to prove
Stood in front of tanks and refused to move
What would you do? Run or stand still?
When there are lives on the line and to test a man's will
Seeking change and they found it, but in death
Strangers, yet they were my blood and flesh
This happened in China, but you ain't gotta be Asian to relate
To the struggle, pain, and heartache
So

[Hook: L.T.]
You'll never know
You'll never get it
There is no choice
We can't forget it

We look up
We see the same sky
We look up
We cry the very same cry

[Jin]
See I'm a grown man
It hurts when I turn on the news to see what's going on in my homeland
The SARS epidemic could have been lies
Could have stand for, "Should Asians Really Survive?"
They'll try anything to break your family apart
Politics will break down the manliest heart
Can the child within my heart rise above?
If there's billion of us, I shouldn't have to look for love
Overpopulation, but damn just the meet the needs
It's illegal to have more than one seed
How can you dictate birth, regardless to women?
And the parents, they make the hardest decisions
Sons keep the family name - so that's not an option
Imagine being forced to put your daughter up for adoption
And even though it's beyond your control
Keep your head up, here's a song for your soul

[Hook]

[Jin]
If you don't know where you came from
You can't get to where you trying to go
Ain't no denying so
It's true - I got some big shoes to fill
But if I don't lead the movement, then who will?
Stuck between a rock and a hard place
Thinking about the refugees that went to see God's face
Sixteen-thousand miles across the ocean tides
Some died, some got lucky and survived
I wouldn't call it luck - they reached their destination
Modern day slavery without the plantation
Them sneakers on your feet cost a hundred a pop
My people's making fifty cents a day at sweatshops
To make them kicks so you can look good
You think we open restaurants cause we cook good?
Hell no, we ain't got no choice
I gotta speak up - without me, my people have no voice

[Hook 2X]