[Intro: Celph Titled/Majik Most]
MM: What for real? His skull? It just washed up on Clearwater Beach?
CT: No doubt
MM: Well, that's what he gets
CT: Word up
MM: That's what you get...
CT: I tried to tell him, fucking around with Tampa nigga shit is no joke
That's where the fuck I'm from man
MM: It ain't no joke check it out. I'm Majik Most, and this is my motherfucking man Celph Titled
We gon' run this Tampa hip hop shit like this
CT: What you know about that?
MM: Leave you with a little deformed skull. A human petting zoo. Fucking check it out
CT: Fuck that
MM: Ay yo, tell em what your name is

[Verse 1: Celph Titled]
Celph Titled, the motherfucking OG killer
Nobody can hold heat iller with this magnifique milla
Meter, we on the creep to meet ya better hope
That we won't put the metal to your chest like a stethoscope
And Majik Most came through with rocket launchers
Crazy shit, dump your baby's crib on [?] kid
In 5 o'clock traffic live on TV, you gon see me with Bob Hype gripping my Glock tight

[Verse 2: Majik Most]
Deep from the depths of Tampa, Majik appears
Everybody love me, fucking man of the year
Motherfuckers don't fear, my man Celph's here
That's why you got a bazooka pointed at your ear
Bombard your brain
Like seeing a bondage flick with your mom in the chains
I'll put you in some flames
Yeah motherfucker that's more than a threat
Ah too late, now you're a charcoal briquette

[Hook: Celph/Majik]
CT: If you watch how I move you're damn right I'm a player and pimp
Just came back from Hell, but I don't walk with a limp
In the hood in Tampa Bay they saying "Celph, you hot,"
They like me they should love me more than they love 'Pac
MM: If you watch how I move you're damn right I'm a player and pimp
I just fucked your girl, now she walk with a limp
In the hood in Tampa Bay they saying "Majik, you hot,"
They like me, they should love me more than they love 'Pac

[Verse 3: Majik Most]
Ayo, catch me frequently freaking 3 chicks
With me and Ronald Isley on "The Magic Scene (Remix)"
Check the prefix, come on 813
Result in drastic measures, fucking with Dick Fleger
Off the radar, channel 8 cover up
Shit got fucked up when his body bubbled up
His corpse was found chain tied to an oil tanker
Now I guess you can say he's a real news anchor

[Verse 4: Celph Titled]
Yo, fuck 8 on your side, I got a 9 on my side
That's putting 16 slugs in your spine
Act like a thug around me, you must be out of your mind
I'm straight from Hillsboro you must be outside the county line
This is Tampa nigga motherfuck wherever you're from
We so crazy, doing drive-by stabbings with no guns
End up at Bayfront with treatment for 8 lumps
You rep New York down here go back where you came from

[Hook]

[Verse 5: Celph Titled/Majik Most]
CT: You faggot protestors better duck when we deploy shots
You had a young man in your bed and called it a boycott
MM: Yo, to find an MC that can spray in these ways
Is like finding Kirk Cameron on camera these days
CT: And when the heat blaze like fast food we do it your way
Serve you with two big macs watch your chest get filleted
MM: And I'll smack your head back, you'll be wearing Sway's hat
With MTV News zooming in on that bruise
CT: Whose crew got more pimps?
We putting C4 in seafood serving y'all some real popcorn shrimp
MM: Bitch you wanna battle? Come on, you're from where?
You'll play like Rick Moranis and shrink your whole career
CT: It's like you near a swimming pool cuz you gon get wet
And I'm the type to do a cannon ball right on your kid's head
MM: I put your girl in a leather mask with the zipper mouth
In the sun your grandma turned to leather when you left her out

[Outro: Celph Titled/Majik Most]
MM: I told you man, look at you! You're sad
CT: Sad as hell
MM: Your face melted off, where's your face, man?
CT: Look at that shit
MM: Yo, fucking with Tampa that's what happens
CT: You fucked up
MM: That's what you get!
CT: You're goddamn right
MM: And you got it!
CT: Word up, we turn beef to mince meat out these motherfuckers
MM: Yo, what is that, his vertebrae?
CT: Yeah, I see the collarbone
MM: Nah nah, yo, that's a leg
CT: Nah that's a motherfucking fibula
MM: Yo, I think I see the skull
CT: Yeah yeah it's still got some hair on it
MM: Yo, what is that, a wing?
CT: Yeaaah
MM: Ha ha...