[Sample]
"It's the first of The Demigodz series"

[Intro: Apathy]
(Yeah) Yo, This is The Demigodz. (Uh) Apathy. Open Mic. (Yea) Metropolis. Celph Titled. (Uh) One Two. Rise. (Yea) Yaggfu Front. (Yea) Mr. Mayday. (Uh) Unpaid Bill. 181 (Yea) and Jabberjaw. (Yo) We 'bout to show you how the raw shit go (Yo!)

[Verse 1: Apathy]
None can match the accuracy of Apathy, my brain thinks rapidly
Automatically adaptin' when competition is tappin' in my Mainframe, bitin' my styles like downloadin' files
But I react with raps when suckas hack, y'all can get the scrotum
I manifest the cybernetic explosion to overload your modem
When I decode 'em and break their cryptic, simplistic firewalls
I assault with fireballs through fiber-optic lines and flyin'
With rhymes in cyberspace, my face prints across the screen
Glow bright-green, digitizin' a fight scene
In actual reality, I'm sittin' in my basement
In virtual reality, I'm fightin' Matrix agents
On planet Earth, I control your mind when I say shit
In cyberspace, I control computers 'cause they're basic
Binary code talks with tons of zeroes and ones
But this hero's begun to master their tongues
So I'm speakin' to your Pentium, beyond the new millennium
So ready 'em for greater forms of data when I enter them

[Hook: Apathy]
Digital, physical, spiritual, or mathematical
You motherfuckers better be Apathy compatible
Digital, physical, spiritual, or mathematical
You motherfuckers better be Apathy compatible
Digital, physical, spiritual, or mathematical
You motherfuckers better be...

[Verse 2: Celph Titled]
Alias: Max Fabulous, my tongue attacks hazardous
Quantum leap continuously through time passages
I pull you right out the truck by your earlobe
And throw you off the roof and still be considered your hero
I'm hungry for the dinero, don't make me see you
Vice grip your torso and squeeze you 'til you're see-through
My fam is wild, even my grandmoms'll snuff you
And yoke you up in a tussle and beat you with a belt buckle
I make Master P-ieces with enough Silkk to Shock shit
You can C-Murder, No Limitations when my Glock spit
I get goosebumps after givin' niggas two lumps
Straight up fuck your shorty and leave that bitch with a loose cunt!
Celph Titled, the man with razor sharp talents
And accurate, authentic techniques to leave you off balance
With raw talent, my rhymes will shatter through your physical
Repeat my voice in digital, sync-mode residual
The Rubix Cuban, sell out in every vinyl store
Don't make me lift your skull and have to whip you with your spinal chord
My skills will keep your ears open... like a Vulcan
And put you out of work like Chevy Chase and Macaulay Culkin

[Hook: Celph Titled]
Digital, physical, spiritual, or mathematical
You motherfuckers have better be Celph compatible
Digital, physical, spiritual, or mathematical
You motherfuckers have better be...

[Verse 3: Apathy]
Just give me a chance to explain, I'm enhanced in the brain
Hip hop MC, b-boy stance ingrained
In my neural fabric, fuck internet static
My status is static free, now imagine me
Sweatin' what they say about the A-P, I never let it faze me
'Cause y'all are soft as Teletubbies and Beanie Babies
For emcees I kill, French 40s are poured
But you can still never see me like Geordi LaForge
Got your shorty in a Ford Explorer to explore her
Give her foreplay, make her beg for more and ignore her
I store a backup disk of every diss
Scroll down a long list, click to inflict
Hard drive flickers while it figures out the route
Computating the data that could be phatter then lets it out of my mouth
In every rhyme bout, I'm victorious (I'm victorious)
'Cause I train with the brain, jumping jacks with raps laborious
Work like a wrestler... I'm rippin' through the shirt
Body slam your mind in the dirt, suckers get hurt, jerk

[Hook: Apathy and Celph Titled]
Digital, physical, spiritual, or mathematical
You motherfuckers better be Demigod compatible
Digital, physical, spiritual, or mathematical
You motherfuckers better be Demigod compatible
Digital, physical, spiritual, or mathematical
You motherfuckers better be Demigod compatible

[Outro: Celph Titled and Apathy]
Exxon Valdez type steez
Demigodz baby
Get your tools at Chrome Depot
No questions
Stay on the D-Low, son
Monkey wrench in your whole productions
For real, for real
Y'all suckas
Celph Titled, the Rubik's Cuban. Apathy. Demigodz
Yo, yo, uh, uh, uh
You don't want it
Bring it on like that, uh
Fuck that
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, bring it on like that

[Apathy]
Yo, y'all suckas tryna bite the name... yo, fuck that, man! Y'all better watch out we'll fuckin' throw "Roots Beers in Your Fridge", son!  We ain't fuckin' around with y'all, man. Y'all tryna be fuckin' soft on tracks or somethin' like that? Nah man, Demigodz is comin' for heads, no matter how y'all do. So fuck y'all, straight up!