[Verse One]
I'll be a missing child just for free promotion
Advertise my album on the panel of your milk carton, what?!
This fucking
Position bucking sporadically
Expunging wreck like demolition
Get you open with knife incision
I was charged with possession of ten dead bodies in my trunk
They were alive last time I checked
Must've been when I hit that speed bump
You're a true honey bun
I shove a beehive up your wreck
With heads often shoot 'em out cannons
Choosing my victims at random
Packing my punch with [?]
Bust holes in all y'all souls
Dislocate your jaw so bad you bite chunks off your earlobes
Yo impress of the fly souls, stuff to make your head explode
[?] in toilet bowls, get gasoline poured on their clothes
[?] from the globe, I'm no trend I'm permanent
Put my hand through your throat, make a sock puppet poet
I've ruthless, feed bodies down to a bloodstain on my carpet
So put on an iron mask and hide yourself inside [?]
(I'm vicious!)
Take a bird feeder out of your caucus
Speak in the mic and wipe every MC out in Rawkus

[Scratch Hook]
"At this point I'm way beyond the average MC"
"When he next man says, "Yo, you rhyme good for being white'" - Sev Statik 'Rebuild'

[Verse Two]
I'll leave you nameless like songs on the tape with no tracklist
Shot my video with a camcorder and edit live on Public Access
I'm so raw consulting my CD causes hepatitis
Got the mic covered with asbestos, you can't burn it or touch it
Interrupt this broadcast like everything you have in half
Smash your nose so hard you kissed your forehead from the impact
You wanted to battle behind my back now you asking for an autograph
So we can battle for respect
I'll sign "best wishes" on your epitaph
Rip your arms off in combat and slap your face till you collapse
Knock the talent out you ask, "Homie where's your skills at?"
I sign record contracts and disappear in ink
And watch record labels fight over Eastwick release
When Celph's beats strike they damage eye sights like strobe lights
Take custody of your heart and give you visitation rights
Stab you in your back with your chin
I got your back, finish him!
Carve my name on your back with a safety pin
I got you back again
In the underground where 50 heads is capacity crowd
I rock shows in your backyard
"Hey, keep it down!"
When Braille comes around
Your heart drops to your stomach
So call your stomach "hip hop" and put your heart in it

[Scratch Hook]

[Verse Three]
The results of an [?]
Rocking beats that make your neck hurt
In the studio I'm mad live but couldn't do this song in concert
Acupuncture structures with toothpicks
It's over I'm taking over
Knock you out with one punch
Call me the "One Hit Wonder"
Talk is cheap when you can't afford a dictionary
You wanna be complex?
Go study Egypt and chemistry
I'm able to diss any MC on every song on my LP
And still catch them buying a copy
Attending the record release party
I mess with heads, give white kids dreads
Strictly barbershop [?]
Look at me the wrong way
Catch A Bad One like Biz Markie
I put this on wax for DJ's so I better be getting some airplay
Or watch me get ill with scissors, razors [?] and hairspray
Biting what I say results eating disorders
Don't ever try to steal my skill
Until you can handle the effects of the powers
It doesn't matter, fine I'll let your rhyme just keep in mind
I'm the one that hit it with the best lines in the 1-9-9-9

[Scratch Hook]