[Ryu]
Yeah, Ryu and Tak
Celph motherfuckin' Titled
Demigodz
Uh

[Verse 1: Ryu]
I am my own hell, I am my heaven
I am my triple-six, I am my seven
Ain't no need to call the reverend, I'mma bless 'em
Get the message? You at ten, my shit goes to eleven (Spinal Tap)
My ascension from a slob to a rap god, heroin
Black tar, we smack y'all heretics
See I'm a seraphim, save yourself the embarrassment
The highest rankin' angel of God talkin' to cherubims
Great can't take a break, bars never take a day off
I'm here for a purpose, The Lord don't make mistakes
S.O.B. in the place, you know the drilly pal
Ryu, Tak, Skully, Divine, Cheap, what up Bilal?
So come and get it, we huntin' without a license
A terrorist on this mic, call me Vanilla Isis
Takin' out you suckers and you don't know how I did it
But you do, you know its true, but you're too proud to admit it
I'm a... god

[Chorus: Ryu]
Curse my name, stab me in the back
But that could never change the undeniable fact
That I'm a... god
Uh, curse my name, stab me in the back (ugh)
But that could never change the undeniable fact
That...

[Verse 2: Tak]
I'm a bad man, but you can tell I'm blessed
Still feeling guilty for the things I did on Megadef
My reputation must have rung a bell and made 'em mad
Guess I'm still stackin' skeletons underground from Razor Tag
My sincerest apologies, sorry, probably bottled your spirit
And pour it out in the lobby and cop a squat in your lyrics
I'm sick and tired of comical Richard Pryor degenerates
Better get back, your neck'll get slashed like The Revenant
Ticky Tak, turn up the temp a mil-li-on degrees
They askin' where I've been, well I've been chillin' overseas
[?] to Royal City Avenue
Now I'm back with the firin' squad and a whole new attitude
With a violent facade, quiet, you trying too hard
[?] with Styles of Beyond stylin', 'cause I am a god
So my method to go and get 'em is writin' the song
Spot 'em, and once I got 'em I'm swattin' the fly on the wall
I'm gone

[Verse 3: Celph Titled]
Run, run, run from the ghetto bird
But don't fret, I'll even the bet with top secret jets
So when my crew lands... (what?)
Air traffic controller lookin' like the wacky wavin' inflatable tube man (damn)
If a bullet could talk... mine would say, "Fuck off, Celph Titled's a boss!" (aw)
I'm larger than life, use a mountain for a back rub
I just found a Malaysian airplane in my bath tub (huh?)
Royal flush holder, you wanna feed your kids granola
But I gave 'em all ice cream double dipped in ebola (aah)
I'm the reason for the Richter scale, I was sent from hell
With weapons like Christian Bale, the axe I wield'll have your bitch impaled (fucker)
Catch you shoppin', get on the Walmart intercom
And let the whole store know I put this dick in your mom (bitch)
Yeah I slayed and tapped it
Her face look like she was layin' next to firecrackers taped to eight mayonnaise packets (ya heard)

[Chorus: Ryu]
Curse my name, stab me in the back
But that could never change the undeniable fact
That I'm a... god
Uh, curse my name, stab me in the back
But that could never change the undeniable fact
That I'm a GOD!