[Verse 1 - Blacastan]
I'm better than your best artist still on the shelf
And fuck your record deal I can put out myself
No hooks no gimmicks not pussy not timid
Like Tony and Manolo when i push it to the limit
The fire to the vinyl when im meltin the groove
Bear hands no utensils when I'm eatin niggas food
Rollin like John Wayne, blicky on my side
Got aim like Max Payne put bullets in your eye
I get it in from the US to UK
Blac be the ringmaster, niggas cirkus olè
And my blade still fast, En garde, Touchè
One hand behind my back carving up your toupè
You can catch my in the bay ghostriding a whip
In the lab with Columbo dividing the chip
Fifty-fifty on a flip cause we ride for this shit
???? still a Tropic Thunder
Kill a wack rapper when I pull a rug from under
This sideshow rap cats, with tight jeans and backpacks
Monotone trucker hats, the fuck is you lookin at?
Forget giving a nigga dap, all of you niggas

[Hook x 2]
I've got the whole world to gain and nothin to lose
I'm gunnin for the top still payin my dues
Cause I don't give a fuck about none of y'all dudes
I got love for this game but don't get it confused

[Verse 2 - Blacastan]
I roll dice, fuck dykes and rob mic's
Niggas thought they had the game on lock, I'm like "Psych!"
Howdy neighbors, the real shit is back on the block
All these lawn-jockin niggas lining up to get shot
It's like Sambo meets Rambo
With a whole Lotta ammo
To my sand niggas ridin' on camels, Peace!
I catch y'all niggas when I'm in Saudi Arabia
Head wrap draped out my nike's lookin' crazier
SB dunks is fly, nigga no doubt
Long dicky bitch like an elephant snout
Nigga fuck you wack album out I give a hell if it's out
Celebratin' all day like when felons get out
Cartoons on the couch with an L in my mouth
Yeah, beef with Blac straight end your career here
My west coast niggas story sets in the air yeah
My east coast niggas blazin' toast with ?

[Hook x 2]

[Verse 3 - Celph Titled]
Celph and Blacastan with gats in hand on lock
I wish that i would get away with every murder plot that I will ?
Rifle ? cock
Shiny like a Klondike bar
Yeah, I'm quite raw
Should have bought stock in Netflix
Instead I bought a red Benz blue Beamer
So you fucker's couldn't set trip
The homemade shell catchers made from milk cartons
Soundin' like microwave popcorn when the spill startin'
So if it's a problem with me then
You probably gonna have problems walkin' without the tops of your knees
I ain't Oscar award winnin
I'm Benjamin Franklin gettin
? ? ? got you that new anchorman position
When I be aimin' I be hittin'
Every vital organ
That might be recordin'
The source of all distortion
I eliminate contenders with senators
When i be off the Henny, twisted
I hit you with the speed of a Hemi engine

[Hook x 2]