Terminator Terminator Terminator

[Verse 1 - MC Esoteric]
One two uh, yeah yo yo
People Here I am and here I am people
When I'm on this mic I say what has to be said
I'm lethal, rap terminator, terminal
You don't even piss at a urinal
You don't even piss standing vertical
Talking that man up clam up
You could point a nine at the crowd and never get the fans hands up
So what you talkin bout? Packin' a cannon common man
You must carry bags for [Nika Diane???]
As sick as i am I wouldn't wish the worst on my most pirating fan
I get biz like Milk Dee and Giz
Put in work like [Joe Wong??]
Hide your motherfucking kids
You nerds soft
I know you sit at home and jerk off
To Rick Ross with his shirt off
That's disgusting
First off,[Abdul Atis?]
You don't wanna flow with this
You got a Steve Perry heart with that foolish shit

[Hook - Samples]
Your rhymes are old and dusty
You wanna pointblank homeboy you're rusty
You wanna rap?
Your rhymes are old and dusty
You wanna pointblank homeboy you're rusty
You wanna rap?
Your rhymes are old and dusty
You wanna pointblank homeboy you're rusty
You wanna rap? It's just I'm a rap gator
You wanna rap against me I'm a rap terminator
Terminator terminator teminator

[Verse 2 - Effect]
It was Effect temptin' kid with an illest flow
Drinks from [?] record [Dre's?] first solo
Kill rapper just so see the news at one
See the family search, for they wack ass son
Shit's done B on or off the beat
How would it look if I was acted like you were fuckin with me?
Cause honestly that shit don't shit well with me
So eat shit like the centerpiece human centipide
Ask youself "What's beef?"
And you soon shall see
If you motherfuckers don't spell Effect with an E
Fuckin' A what's the deal with these kids these days?
So quick to grab a mic and get smashed in the face
Leave you toothless
And show yous Eazy-E was ruthless
You're like a GPS in Boston
Fucking useless
Biatches got thirty seconds
Twenty dollar sack pyramid
And this motherfucker starts guessin'

[Hoook]

[Verse 3 - Celph Titled]
I’m the next rap legend to be
And when I make it up to heaven I’ll be chargin 2Pac for sixteens
I make music for moshpit participants
Compared to a-body from Chino XL to Eminem
Uh
I a synonym for pure vagrance
Paganism and Hatred
Tax you gayfers with high interest rate payments
Yeah
Rotten flesh the new demigodz fragrance
Cologne all powerful I came from a shark’s womb!
The rawest killer to blaze these mic’s kid
Leave you with a Forest Whitaker lazy eyelid
And I did swear at a bitch
Abuse you and inherit the shit
And is foul like asparagus piss
I should let you suffer
When i confront you, you reply with a Max Headroom stutter
Want guns pointed at your whole crew?
Then smack DVD’s on every TV in the best-buy show room

[Hook]