DJ Unknown & DJ Mekalek ft. Apathy, Celph Titled, and Grafh - “Rare Species”
[Emcee(s): Apathy, Celph Titled, and Grafh]
[Producer(s): Mobb Deep (Havoc and Prodigy) [Original Instrumental from Mobb Deep - "Rare Species (Modus Operandi)"]]
[DJ Mix: DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]
[Scratches: DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]

[Intro: Apathy]
(Yo) Yeah, yo.  (I don't know what song I'm gonna do) Uh, check, check (But my man Unknown told me to rip this motherfucker).  Yo, Apathy (So I'm gonna rip this motherfucker)

[Verse 1: Apathy]
I ain't
The type to trick for chicks or lick their clits.  I’ll make
'Em grip the dick in the whip and strip for chips
Treat a bitch like a foe, giving hoes no dough
With pros, I’ll never snooze—I’ll consume NoDoz.  If they're
Popping that trash, then I'm dropping 'em fast, then put 'em
In a body cast with an oxygen mask
I'm the bitch-whipper, clip-gripper, chick-sticker, clit-licker
Sip liquor, spit quicker, flip sicker scripts, ri-
-cochet, hit a brick.  Stray bullets split tips
Of those Bics that you grip when you writing wack shit
I could split molecules like the body of blunts
And Karate-punch you punks, leave your body in chunks
I’ll char flesh and scar chests like porn stars’ breasts
To find a squad that could test, you're hard-pressed
I'll spit a rap to knock mics/Mikes out like Little Mac and
Fit a little metal cap right inside your fitted cap
If you spit again, I'm slipping in your little sister's school
And have her sniffing Ritalin and make her grab my dick again
And stick it in until I split that little kinky bitch in two
And you ain't even seen my finishing move

[Hook: Samples with Scratches by DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]
"Rap game heavy-hitters" - Sample from Big L - "Size 'Em Up"
"The outcome is critical" - Sample from GZA - "Breaker, Breaker"
"My God" - Sample from C.L. Smooth on Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth - "They Reminisce Over You (T.R.O.Y.)"

[Verse 2: Celph Titled]
Don't even
Ask for me.  Go ‘head and ask for trouble
I'm known to push back wigs and pull the extensions on your chick
Unknown and Mek asked me to spit some shit
So I calculated the accurate styles to come with
You better be fully equipped with equipment
That's powerful enough to polarize the Earth and bend it
Off its axis.  My acronym is a mystery
My arch nemesis is shooken, can't even look at me
Start the day right—bullets and milk is my breakfast
I’ll fuck the type of bitches that make Dolly Parton look breastless
This is the raw nigga rap shit
With incredible action and drama, my suspenseful persona
Is honored among thieves, so, son, please.  You could get
Your guns even and suck on these M1’s that's heat-seeking
The Celph Titled legacy will live long.  I’ll put
Planets on my back and hold quasars in my palm
Fuck a laxative—I'll beat the shit out you
And if you a pregnant bitch, I'll beat the kid out you
I hope your headphones are airbag-efficient
‘Cause, when I drop science, the impact is imminent

[Hook: Samples with Scratches by DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]
"Rap game heavy-hitters" - Sample from Big L - "Size 'Em Up"
"The outcome is critical" - Sample from GZA - "Breaker, Breaker"

[Verse 3: Grafh]
Guess who?
Don't guess you.  No one meant you or the
Homos that co-defend you.  I hope it offends you
I'm on the low with the hoes that I sex through.  I could’ve got your
Sister pregnant—you wouldn't know I know your nephew
Gangster, banger automatic mode.  Our TECs shoot—I don't
Care if it's beef with the clique, I'm going to get you
I'm going against you and everything that you 'bout
And every nigga that be bringing you out, fuck 'em
Fuck your label.  You’re not signed yet?  Then fuck
Your block.  Suck my cock.  I'm next.  No
AT&T, I’ll reach out and touch nine necks
Then reach out and bust my nine next.  That's why smart
Niggas elevate their mind and dumb niggas get
Slugs in 'em that'll elevate their mind
Slugs in their back that'll elevate their spine, lift
Their chain over their face and elevate their shine
Once their fame elevate, they shine.  Without their ice grill
They’re pussy, but, with their game face, they’re fine.  That's why
I add my two cents and loose-change their mind
And take every game face they find and un-thug it
You got a mic in The Source?  I’ll un-plug it.  If you don't
Like it when I fight with the force, then run from it, dick