[Verse 1: Celph Titled]
Yo, I got you askin' who the fuck would want beef with a strong fleet?
Hungry to palm heat? Cause this year we gon' eat
And ain't no motherfucker stoppin' the kingdom
Shut the church down
Every bell broke cause we ringed 'em
Singin' hymns in hell, at the top of my lungs
Fuck a rock band, I can play the drums with my guns
Ain't it
A bitch when the streets is the wildest sport
Sell crack and come up short on child support
Take heed, lay low and strap on a vest
Run a credit check, I could kill a rapper for less
And you saw my rap quote that the Source wrote?
It's so ill that a whore's throat spittin' shit in Morse Code
Your label got dough? You can get a song from me
Fill up the limo with cash, I'm talkin' long money
After I spit, the mic gets replaced
They don't know whether to call it a sound booth or a fire place
And I'm a funny fuck that'll put twenty slugs
Up inside your honey love so she can get her tummy tucked
Celph Titled
The villain of rap
We use a twelve gauge they can't trace a shotgun blast

[Hook: Celph Titled]
Niggas is illin'
We the real villains
What more can you say, we're shots peelin'
That's what you get (BOOM)
You got it? Good
And I hope you understood

[Verse 2: Guttamouf]
What the fuck?
You thought I wasn't raw?
When Gutta talk, vibrations crack the asphalt
Pull out the gat and watch the crowd disperse
The worst
I'm plantin' C-4 on your hearse
Comin' suicide and kill you again in Hades
Make a pact with Satan, come back and kill ALL your babies
You really wanna fuck with that?
Put this chainsaw on you
Finish splittin' that ass crack
Nigga
I think you better leave it alone
You better listen to Jaheim in case you don't make it home
(Motherfucker)
I hope you made love to your wife
I'll get shit on my dick, then blood on my knife
Escape conviction, fuck goin' to prison
Break in your house and fill your wife's mouth with jizzm
I had an unholy baptism
Now I need a young and an old priest to perform the Exorcism
I feed off these negative things
I take fake thug MCs and make them niggas sing
So I'll play Nas and you play Hova
I hope you +Got Yourself A Gun+ before you try to +Takeover+

[Hook: Celph Titled]
Niggas is illin'
We the real villains
What more can you say, we're shots peelin'
That's what you get (BOOM)
You got it? Good
And I hope you understood

[Verse 3: Lord Digga]
This ain't my universe, see I ain't from here
I'm just makin' a space for all my apes to come here
We're the most feared, that sample that can't get cleared
Stay droppin' science, yours is weird
Seize your vessel like Black Beard
I'm takin' your ship
I'm the coast guard
I spotted you from the coast, God
The ghetto Picard
Not playin' with a full deck of cards
If your style don't work, you're scarred
Prohibit you dicks, from actin' hard
Never place bets on the odds
Bust nuts at broads
The Intrepid, niggas can't Dodge
The lyrical pig, I spit lard
I'm like a Blood and a Crip
Impossible to fuck with
Stick you for your budget
Menaged with your mom and chick, they loved it
They told me my Bone was Thuggish
If you ain't garbage you rubbish
I hit the road with heat, stash the luggage
Your bullshit lyrics, I ain't tryin' to love it
You're on some fake thug shit, y'all ain't rugged
I'm
Killin' your style, no remains recovered

[Hook: Celph Titled]
Niggas is illin'
We the real villains
What more can you say, we're shots peelin'
That's what you get (BOOM)
You got it? Good
And I hope you understood

[Verse 4: Majik Most]
You wanna Get Large? Get charred with your face scarred
Looking like a cartoon can of discharge
You'll be bon voyage, better pray to your god
When I travel over your body in a Pope Mobile
Majik makes you wanna tote that steel
You're so fucking scared I'm like, "What's the deal?!"
I'll shoot your hat off, like saloons in the west
Bitch, I'm the captain, harpoon in your chest
You fishing for beef?
Get your tackle box
Sell more records in Europe, than David Hasselhoff
Roasting your Britney Spears tassels off
I'll knock a Jewish man's noggin off and yell "Mazel Tov!"
Your skin will peel off while I'm eating rice pilaf
Pissing me off? Oh my God you're soft!
And I'm flipping more than Tipper Gore when I'm gettin' raw
Rip my shirt off, Skeletor swellin' your whore

[Hook: Celph Titled]
Niggas is illin'
We the real villains
What more can you say, we're shots peelin'
That's what you get (BOOM)
You got it? Good
And I hope you understood