[Sample: All in the Family]
[Archie] "I want a beer!"
[Edith] "You can have a nice lo-cal root beer."
[Archie] "I'll vomit."

[Intro: Celph Titled and Apathy]
Uh-huh, Yea, uh, uh
Shit is crazy right here, Yo
Yo, Ap?, Yo, yo
Let these motherfuckers know what we about to do

[Chorus: Apathy]
We throwin' root beers in your fridge yo
We throwin' root beers in your fridge and...
What happens when we battle all you little sucker kids?
Throwin' root beers in your fridge, yo
We throwin' root beers in your fridge and...
What happens when we battle all you little sucker kids?

[Verse 1: Apathy]
From the most serene meadows and woods to ghettos and hoods
Stilettos and gun metal crack the flower petals
My power puts cracks in concrete, pushes pebbles across the beach
Speech leaves you lost for weeks when I rock beats
The centrifugal force will flip jeeps
Wind between my lips rips the weak
Apathetic is the newest addition to secret agents who
Frequent the basement who, sneak in the Matrix to
Destroy the mainframe and fracture your brains
I'm faster than trains or supersonic passenger planes
My raps are insane, deadlier than Dracula's fangs
I travel at speeds that make the quickest Acura strain, and yo...

[Verse 2: Celph Titled]
Who you know to get more brain than a surgeon
My rhymes constructed like plots I make for murderin'
Insertin' clips with certain types of ammo, burstin' in
Hurtin' him, throwin' speed knots at triple warp speed
I force heat, down your throat until your fuckin' balls bleed
The chrome depot leave you shook and ignore sleep
It get more deep when I let my knife split you
Jack you for your rims and put that shit on my bicycle
I write riddles in crypt as Christ disciples
Ignite missiles, prepare for the dirty dungaree clique
Pistol whip niggas and shake 'em up until they sea sick
We let the metal heat spit, leave you dead in the cement
Let me ask you even, why the fuck you try to rhyme?
I would have have fucked your bitch already but I only fuck dimes
Celph Titled is the fine line when I design mines

[Chorus: Apathy]
We throwin' root beers in your fridge yo
We throwin' root beers in your fridge and...
What happens when we battle all you little sucker kids?
Throwin' root beers in your fridge, yo
We throwin' root beers in your fridge and...
What happens when we battle all you little sucker kids?

[Verse 3: Apathy]
I hold the temperature higher than fire sent to you directly from Lucifer
Movin' muscles like involuntary twitches I'm vicious
Take your missus right from under your nose, no wonder your hoes
Are backstage at one of our shows, runnin' the clothes
At close range, flows blow apart most brains
I can boast that I'm better than most up in the game
My flow's tight, I could ghost write for the most hype
Bite and I'll show you what Mike Tyson fights are like
My pen crafted, raps that been drafted
To smack your grill 'til you're havin' your skin grafted
Suckers will get snuffed for fuckin' with me
With cops puttin' up tape sayin', "There's nothin' to see."
'Cause I'm so damn fly I got the brain of an astronaut
Raps that are tougher than a chain with a Master Lock
Tracks that are deadlier than killers with gats that cock
Ap drops raps underground like Fraggle Rock
Cats battle blocks comin' in fly stealth
Got the mics warmed up before I pass it to Celph (yo, yo)

[Verse 4: Celph Titled]
I don't think like an MC and I don't think like a thug
I think like a killer leavin' blood stains on your rug
The type to... smoke on a pipe bomb and detonate a cigar
Use your credit card and leave you in the trunk of a rental car
When flippin' bars I be spittin' farther than the trip to Mars
My style hittin' hard, underground superstar
Shootin' darts accurate, credits on the back of every
Record jacket that you own, I'm [?] without the chrome
I'm from the place where they eat kids and barbecue their bones
Fuck Indiana Jones this'll be your Last Crusade
My whole brigade will rage a spot and leave a live grenade
Top of the accolade, callin' for your battle aid
My gat'll spray up into any adversary
Do whatever it takes to get support that's monetary
I'm out for the loot, move to quick and I'll shoot
I should of cut your head off for gettin' blood on my boots
I sleep with a rifle and count sheep with a scope
Stabbin' you with a syringe give you disease with no hope

[Chorus: Apathy]
We throwin' root beers in your fridge yo
We throwin' root beers in your fridge and...
What happens when we battle all you little sucker kids?
Throwin' root beers in your fridge, yo
We throwin' root beers in your fridge and...
What happens when we battle all you little sucker kids?