[Verse 1: Apani]
Yo, I know who I am, where I been, what I'm doin'
Things I seen made me keen, take my cue from crews and zoom in
Pursue the first place, attack with grace
At a glance, not movin', strikin’ from lowest position
Open-fisted combat, special move combos
Make head, body contact, agile.  I'm black
Jungle cats slide back to the shadows
‘Cause I'm like a mirage, melted to camouflage
Stealth in my whole aspect—respect me
Self-taught, random dialect, technique complete
Spit the words, abusing obtuse angles
Verbal assault mangle.  Handle with caution: the city-caught vandal
Resize guys who get big into portions
Technical, a author of classic-style portraits
Armed like swordfish, sting like an eel
Feel future shock, block and counter with knuckle-plated steel

[Hook: Apani] (x2)
Face-to-face standoffs, spot me on the frontline
Everyway you look, I'm closin' in
Hand-to-hand combat, spot me in the warzone
Anywhere you run, I'm gonna get ya

[Verse 2: Apani]
Time's up.  I lost my patience, disavow our relations
By the nun, practice tactics perfected by ancient
Warrior codes, calligraphy scrolls.  Spot me in the [folds?]
On exterior, seem some dude attitude superior
[Rule of?] fearin’ ya.  I'm just like you
But smarter, work harder, slice sharper
Territory marker—more than just a rapper
Self-biographer, a daughter, sun-sign Gemini
Air on the cusp of water.  Moonrise Taurus
Shaft shift to change to vapor and suffocate ya
I'm CO2—more cutthroat than you
Rage of ill repute, cobra-swift, stick 'em up, salute
Off the chain like nunchucks—can't fuck with this
So why attempt, god?  Transparent like glass jaws
Fraudulent and flawed.  This is torture call for y’all
Thought Apani was done?  Think about it some more

[Hook: Apani] (x2)
Face-to-face standoffs, spot me on the frontline
Everyway you look, I'm closin' in
Hand-to-hand combat, spot me in the warzone
Anywhere you run, I'm gonna get ya

[Verse 3: Apani]
Spot me everywhere you look, influence anywhere you go
Indie idol on the alter, mega-trending, I'm descendin' like a parachute
Rendezvous with my team, rock army-green
Hit the ground runnin', sprint like wolverine stampede
Victory is in my reach—impede speech
Like drain stoppers, capture hostage after hostage
Smack fire out faggots who ass-smuggle sausage
No struggle, no options, lights out—all imposters
Slowly stifle your essence of skills with jewels
Y'all will all be peasants, derelict with no residences
Lack a pot to piss in while I sit in my castle
Engineerin' scripts to multiply my capital

[Hook: Apani] (x2)
Face-to-face standoffs, spot me on the frontline
Everyway you look, I'm closin' in
Hand-to-hand combat, spot me in the warzone
Anywhere you run, I'm gonna get ya

[Outro: Apani]
Ha, what?  Yeah, yeah.  In the warzone.  Yo, you got me Lyric?  You know what spot means?  Uh, yeah, yeah DJ.  Celph Titled.  Mic spittin’.  Qboro, sons of life—that’s my people.   Yeah.  Queens, B.K., Pharoahe, [?]

"Let it out" – With scratches from Evad:e