[Verse 1: Don Q]
The grams is back to 40 I think I just might invest
Shit, I hope they dont report me, come to trap and I'm obsessed
Come for the sack, nigga that's russian roulette
You know we come in the rack, yeah
My team, they putting up shots
But they ain't the ones you wanna contest, yeah
My team pulled up to the spot
I hear 'em mumbling under they breath, yeah
You never witnessed a god, nigga you looking now one in the flesh, yeah
My weed man gon' come with the gas in the jar, one it can press, yeah
VVS cover the chest, I had to cash out in from of the gat, yeah
Ice trail when I skate by, worship my name you get praised high
They wanna envision a great guy
So both my antennas is raised high
All you new niggas is nursing me
All you new niggas should worship me
And if your mother was ever a smoker then we probably knew that bitch personally
Internet niggas be searching me
I got 'em wondering how many niggas is under 'em
If you've been taking your notes and studying, hopefully you could be one of 'em
Won't see me stumbling outta no party I know how to move when they rumblin'
When niggas start dumping outside of the party and bodies start dropping and tumbling, uh
Manslaughter on the camcorder, gon' tell that hoe I got a plan for her
Fly her out then I transport her she get [?] I give her xan water
Let it be known that she was my hoe
I had to go put a stamp on her
Remember we banging was renting apartments now you looking at a land owner
Bitch
Hold up, nigga
Picture perfect watch me paint a perfect picture, uh
Program from my direct cause I was a first offender, uh
Close my curtains nigga
I gotta be low riding
This whip i ain't cosigning, uh
My bitch in the pole sliding, uh
Nah I ain't profiling as long as she bringing then profiles in
Yeah, we gotta clean up the ktchen there's residue all on the stove pilling, yeah
You know I got evil intentions I'm planning on seeing your soul flyin', yeah
It ain't the secret with niggas you hit the city I'm the most finest, yeah
Wait, even when I'm in west coast riding get the same love on on both sides and can't even leave with the [?] cause this niggas want see me with full silent
Remember back when I was slow griding
The money ain't coming so rapidly
They rather me broke in the county, instead I'm raising my salary

[Beat switch]

[Verse 2: A1]
Niggas is struggling I get a dollar and double it
I have to [?] bro walk away i'm [?]
I ain't even getting my bag haven't fumble it
Plug new robbers will rob him cause he ain't come with it
Only [?] with the money because I gotta get it
Pocket full of cash looking like I wild in it
Look in niggas pockets and niggas ain't have a dollar in it
Every trap house, every car got a chopper in it
Tired of [?] when my friends die
When the beef get real I swear niggas switch sides
I'd seen ball players letting that shit fly
And I'd seem scammers get a job when [?] died
Ready and prepared for whenever they cross me
My dad never brought me shit, fuck what he brought me
It's all about how he raised and what he taught me
My mom just lost her mom now I'm mad that she lost me [?]
You better get in line, I was on the corner selling [?] trying get a dime
Life plus 55 years, see that's different time
Broke out sentence my nigga held up [?] and crying
No hard feeling inside
Make me wanna kill everybody and say: "Pick a side"
Pistol hanging down to my knee when I put the clip inside
Moving like air force pistols come in different size
Walking through the airport after I brought a brick inside
You trying get money you take risks
I be around killers and them niggas don't take pics
The plug turned me into the plug by the eight trip
Any nigga stood on my corner just gotta pay rent
Gotta lotta respect, young nigga got 'em the check
And you niggas that go against gon' be starving to death
All these chain on my neck gon' be telling I'm blessed
Toughest thing I ever did was put my father to rest
I'm a man it ain't break me, I'm tryna put my boys in position
How can you hate me
My enemies ain't die yet, you better thank me
And ain't doing songs with these niggas they gotta pay me
How I feel lately, I was born on High Bridge, raised in Courtland
Thought I should know that cause I'm telling you to be cautious
Love my High Bridge niggas I call 'em they are offing
Them I call my niggas to come spit on the coffin
And we from the bottom we dealt with plenty off losses
Set in the trap and that residue had me nauseous
And we with the wolves and the suckers and then it cost us
Now my brother sitting in prison cause niggas crossed us
We ain't cuff the bull[?] with the workers only the bosses
Tried to take me out now we bulletproofing the Porshes
We and big homies we label [?] enforcers
We send big homies and murder niggas for Jordans
The shit real where I grew up at
The same block [?] blew up at, Facts
You gotta dream I'm just telling you to go forward
I can shoot and be the driver like a small Ford
Niggas want me dead, I'm just trying get the bread
'Fore niggas kill me I rather die on the prison bed
Haters on my body I'm just trying get 'em off me
Trying put my bitch on feet, bitch crossed me
No, I don't wake up in the morning and get me a coffee
I wake up in the morning get my gun and [?] softly
Niggas only carry they pistol so they can make it known
Now I carry my pistol so I can make it home

[Beat switch]

[Verse 3: Don Q & A1]
Fraud niggas [?] with my sneaks and [?] home
Time to smoke a pound in the jeep my heart cold
Tired to see a murder when I see the park close
Niggas got murdered they weak I told [?]
Just chill you got a [?] cheap
How you 'gon pay em bills you get caught in that back seat
Only told em that cause i care about em
[?] gangsta but them other niggas won't be a man about it
I feel good just be on corners we took over
Niggas got the motive to kill but just look over
Me i got the mind of a king I don't pull over
Hard to really count on the bodies that nigga stood over
Hard to really count on this product we had to cook over
And you know that body don't count if you don't go get closer
Every nigga you see around me don't got a diploma
If that pistol is not around me that's when I get sober[?]
I'm tired to having this dreams of going broke again
Make me wrong go to the corner and slang coke again
Niggas trynna front me the pound I ain't smoking it
Look if it's [?] took a op with an opening[?]
Niggas said they [?] stay flawed
Tryna say Don Q wack they gotta pay more
Niggas say [?] fell off I had to make calls
Niggas say stacks won't make it but I'mma make sure
I'mma do whatever it takes for me and my mans
Probably would've be with the feds if my pistol went jammed
I cound lt picture being cuffed in the back of that van
ATF [?] cuffs all over my hands
All you thinking bout is gain I'm [?] the jam[?]
Momma said they al for life you taking the stand
Said i gotta hold it down cause I'm a man
No you might never see me for momma I can't[?]
Nigas had 'em all cleared I had 'em in a bubble
Now my stomach getting big I feel like my uncle
..tell 'em 'gon love you
You could put these niggas on they still ain't 'gon love you
Raised right come and get the money
Putting work and I know the rules
Cut this bitches off, put my niggas first
Fuck this rappers put the money up better get this work
And these niggas bitches don't  mean nothing cause I hit her first
Flex, Imma gangsta so don't never try to pull rookie up
Cause I'm running down on these niggas like get 'em cookies up
If a nigga come a dollar short Imma hook 'em up
And that 30 might turn in to 50 if i cook it up
I feel like I can run my city but I'm underrated
But I still catch a body with no hesitation
Them niggas told: they ain't even show no dedication
I'm dedicated but me and some niggas separated[?]