[Intro: Celia Cruz/Refugee All-Stars/Wyclef Jean]
Hola! Soy Celia Cruz
Y estoy aqui con Wyclef, celebrando el Carnaval; Azucar!!)
Guantanamera
We out here in Miami just shining (Guajira, Guantanamera)
Worldwide (Guan-tana-mera)
'Bout to bring it to you in stereo
...That was then, this is now!
Welcome to the Carnival, the arrival... c'mon!
Spanish Harlem! Oahh-eee-ohh!
Boogie Down Bronx! Oahh-eee-ohh!
Manhattan! Oahh-eee-ohh!
Back to Staten! Oahh-eee-ohh!

[Hook]
(Guantanamera) Hey yo I'm standing at the bar with a, Cuban cigar
(Guajira, Guantanamera) Hey, yo, I think she's eyeing me from afar
(Guan-tana-mera... Guajira Guan-tana-mera...)

[Verse One: Wyclef Jean]
Yo, I wrote this in Haiti, overlooking Cuba
I asked her what's her name, she said, 'Guantanamera'
Remind me of an old latin song, my uncle used to play
On his old forty-five when he used to be alive
She went from a young girl, to a grown woman
Like a Virgin, so she sex with no average mahn
Peep the figure, move like a caterpillar
Fly like a butterfly, let your soul feel her glide
Pac Woman better yet Space Invader
If your name was Chun-Li, we'd be playin Street Fighter
Penny for your thoughts, a nickel for your kiss
A dime if you tell me that you love me

[Hook]
(Guantanamera) Hey yo I'm standing at the bar with a, Cuban cigar
(Guajira, Guantanamera) Hey, yo, I think she's eyeing me from afar
(Guan-tana-mera... Guajira Guan-tana-mera...)

[Jeni Fujita] [-Wyclef Jean]
Soy una mujer, sincera -Do you speak English?)
De donde crecen las palmas -Can I buy you a drink?
Soy una mujer, sincera - Uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh
De donde creeeeeeecen las palmas
Y antes de morir, yo quiero
Cantar mis versos del alma - Te quiero mama, te quiero!!

[Hook]
(Guantanamera) Hey yo I'm standing at the bar with a, Cuban cigar
(Guajira, Guantanamera) Hey yo John Forté, she's eyeing me from far
(Guan-tana-mera... Guajira Guan-tana-mera...)

[Verse Two: Lauryn Hill]
Yo, she was a rose in Spanish Harlem, mamacita beg your pardon
Make stakes at a faster rate then she fornicates
Pure traits of genius, Goddess of Black Venus
Crab niggas angry cause they can't get between us
To no sele-xion, smooth complex-ion
The lexicon of Lexington, parents came from Cuba
Part Mexican, pure sweet, Dons fell to her feet
She like Movado, and shook her hips like Delgado
And broke niggas down from the Grounds to Apollo
And then some, she took her act sent it to dim sum
And waited patiently while the businessmen come
Call late on purpose, got even politicians nervous
And made plans to infiltrate the street secret service
This gentle flower, fertility was her power
Sweet persona, Venus Flytrap primadonna
Que sera que sera she turned dinero to dinera

[Hook]
(Guantanamera) Hey yo I'm standing at the bar with a, Cuban cigar
(Guajira, Guantanamera) Hey, yo, I think she's eyeing me from afar
(Guan-tana-mera... Guajira Guan-tana-mera...)