Yeah, Kaotic in the house!
(That's that shit, that's that shit)
That's that, that's that, that's that, that's that shit!
(That's that shit, that's that shit!)
That's that, hah, that's that shit!
(Kaotic Style)
Yo that's that, that that that's that shit!

Aiyyo I be the trife one in the night son it's the lifer
Sometimes I think I'm losin my mind, keep on fallin behind
SCRAMMMMMMMMMMMMMM nigga, it ain't gon' be no strike three
To bring the fuckin pain and pissed herbal blitz
Don't miss, I bet y'all niggas know I'm comin out, POW
Bring yo' biggest, throw yo' riches, only stitches
From the depths of East New, off of ??
Equipped with click, A TOP PICK, I bust one
Through your fuckin head, these bitches always seem to wanna
Be my third leg, but they might involve the Feds - NAHHHH
In this land of hardrocks and Glocks
I reign supreme, like wet pussy does to the hard cock
Now takin flight it be the schitzo, from B.K. to Frisco
Disco debonaire with savoir faire
Ahhhhhhh, god damn, it be the Scram on a mission
Out to get much wampum, I got to stomp em
On the warpath at last, Digguh bless these mics and pass
'fore I get up in that ass, check this out
Check, check check check
I'm spittin deadly venom up in em, Bronx got high
Send em to that fuckin green pasture in the sky
One two three, the three is called Kaotic Style
Exotic and wild, freestyles come in large piles
Get down with this, get down with this
Kaotic in the flesh, hittin every mix

East, New, be the rest
Come and test, one of the best in the field
Niggas yield, for this jiggy appeal
That I be applyin, underground niggas be dyin
For, all, suicide
Homicide, come let the drama ride
Dunn V-Day
You be the one to kick that shit that fat nigga from ??
(East New York) Hah, when you get yo' ass ripped
Four niggas to bend you and your melon type steady
(POW) Ka-otic Stylin
Better be dialin 911, cause we whylin
Hah, crooks on the left, shorties in the back
That juggle, more pieces than puzzles
We guzzle, straight quart liquor
Hand out the logo with the diamond knife for a sitcker

I got plenty niggas tryin to kill me, shit is for real G
You want that rugged shit, then we slang it for ??
Your shit is crappy, the keep it real - you don't attract me
I got some partner niggas from the ave that won't back me

Son no bullshittin, now it's time for you to play the piper
Tell me how's it feel to have these hot fuckers inside ya
I send you six feet deep, that means eternal sleep
My click remains crooked, on the rise to ??
Worrrrrrrst niggas seem to multiply in sections
We all headed for that same criminal direction
But make the wrong move and catch that lethal injection
When pussy go down, you best to run for protection

So don't sleep, I think you know the deal
A niggerish mentality is strictly how I feel