[Funkmaster Flex]
Murder Inc
Thugged Out
Franchise
Funk Flex
Big dog pit bulls!
Two suburbans and a fucking Hurst!
Cause Funk Flex and Nore are killin' em out there!
Scream at ya boy!

[Noreaga]
Yo me and Pun used to slap niggas
And pack macs in the back of the hatch with black niggas
On weekends with the Ricans cause nigga I fit
You see I'm half fucking black and motherfucking spik
Should have learned a long time ago Tudunn, Tudunn, Tudunn
How I hit a nigga up Tudunn, Tudunn, Tudunn
Niggas fans worry you see us smear off in cranberry
My shots come in, in threes, like Maubary
Wanna see how these fake niggas'll act
When my shotgun will erase there stomach and back
Call me Hosea, more shoot outs, most guns
Most of these niggas just mostly run
You see I'm back spittin' and still cooking in the kitchen
I'm still a chef ain't a fucking gram missing
Niggas out of order you know shit gone change
How they life getting shorter like Mr. T's chain

(Chorus)
[Willie Stubz]
The bass and the music that'll make you jump
It go Tudunn, Tudunn, Tudunn, Tudunn, Tudunn, dunn
Why you acting like a punk before we put you in a trunk
You going Tudunn, Tudunn, Tudunn, Tudunn, Tudunn, dunn
Acting wild like the hill with my hand on the pump
It go Tudunn, Tudunn, Tudunn, Tudunn, Tudunn, dunn
Fuck it we getting drunk and smoking that skunk
Y'all going Tudunn, Tudunn, Tudunn, Tudunn, Tudunn, dunn

[Funkmaster Flex - overlapping last line of Chorus]
Yeah, It's going down!
Funk Flex, Nore!

[Noreaga]
My caller ID is fucked up I can't see the number
Feeling like Stevie Wonder, the hood took me under
I miss my niggas I wanna see em
All my niggas that's dead laying in mausoleums
For my niggas that's locked up the same shit
I told y'all niggas I hold y'all niggas to all this
Picture us going all legit with all this
Line em up; get em all together they all miss
See all my niggas we starvin' and waitin'
To take a nigga hockey mask off like Jason
Better Armstrong face drop to the pavement
In 2000 I don't get along with niggas
That's why you never me on a song with a niggas
Just my clique roll strong them niggas
And wait till we see y'all it's on with you niggas
And I could just slap y'all go on little niggas

(Chorus)

[Funkmaster Flex]
Big dog pit bulls!
Funk Flex, Big Kap!
Cipher sounds!
Mr. Cee!
Johnny Walker Red, DJ Kiore!
Frank Jigga, Corey Ock!
The Funk Regulator C-note!
Keep It Gator!
And keep it global!
SPKilla this shit is fucking ugly!
Cut this shit off, it's a fucking wrap!