The rhymes you're about to hear me recite
Are dedicated to all of those that bite
Put stolen beat and lyrics on the records that sell
Not only MCs, DJs as well
Come to my jam with your pad and take note
? you're at a party with the rhymes I wrote
Doesn't that make you feel just like a jerk?
Taking my rhymes and all my hard work
It's going around like a new disease
Biting my rhymes, those cubby skis
Running around thinking that they're choice
Saying my rhyme with their very own voice
Talk about how they're so devoted
Take my rhymes, you swear they wrote it
You wanna keep biting, you wanna persist?
What's your debut Marley Marley? (Bite this!)

(scratches)

Talking bout how they're so devoted
Biting my rhymes, you swear they wrote it
You wanna keep biting and you wanna persist?
Tell em Marley Marley what to do (Bite this!)

(scratches)

Time to get it straight, time to make it clear
The real Roxanne is standing right here
When I look at myself, what do I see?
The R-O-X-A-N-N-E
Talking to all the guys and girls out there
You can bite this here, cuz I don't care
You can bite everything that I say
And tell everyone you got it from me Shanté
Because you took it too far and it's time to stop
All the other MCs are gonna drop
Run DMC, and I met Joe
You know what I said to him was so
Because I really don't care and I do not share
And to let you know, I'm known everywhere
When it comes to the mic and I do it like this
Just to give all others MCs a dis
They talk about how they're so devoted
Take my rhymes, and swore they wrote it
You wanna keep biting, you wanna persist?
Tell em Marley Marl what to do (Bite this!)

(scratches)

I'm getting aggravated and sorta upset
Just to make all you other MCs regret
The way I feel right now, you see
There ain't another MC in the world like me
Because the rhymes I say put me at the top
That's why all you other MCs had to stop
Stop this yes, because I'm the best
And everyone knows that I am fresh
Now if you haven't heard me once before
After you hear this you won't hear it no more
Cuz I don't play games and that is right
And just to let you know when I'm on the mic
And I start to rap and I do it like this
I got something MCs can kiss
But no I don't say things like that no more
And yes you might have heard it before
And they talk about how they're so devoted
Take my rhymes, you swore they wrote it
You wanna keep biting, you wanna persist?
What's your debut Marley Marley? (Bite this!)

(scratches)

When I say biting, I don't mean writing
I mean take my words and try to recite it
Every word that I say don't you see that's right
When I say B-I-T-E, bite
When I say bite I mean take the beat
I mean do everything, take the movements of my feet
Take the spinning that I do and everything else
And then try to copy it by yourself
Now I'm talking to all you MCs out there
I'll say your name cuz I don't care
We got the Real Roxanne, Sparky Dee
All the other Roxannes imitating me
We got Run DMC and Kurtis Blow
Where do they come from? I don't know
And frankly I, don't really care
Because I'd say the other things if ? wasn't there
Like LL, ? ? us all, but he needs a beat
There's other MCs out there in the place
That just make me feel like a disgrace
To be part of, yes, the MC race
They make me feel, such a shame
? they gotta def record cuz they're playing a game
Like Inspector Gadget ain't that something
Frankly I know that rap ain't nothin'
If it was left to a girl like me
It would be at the top of the rap industry
Now I am known to have the freshest rhyme
To say everything so they get on mine
Yes, I am new, in the crew
But frankly I know just what to do
First, I grab a mic and a pair of ?
And just from there I'm in my own little zone
My own little zone with the freshest rhymes
Where every beat that I say gotta be on time
With the freshest things you wanna hear
Comin' out straight to you and real clear
Now I'm sorta mad and quite upset
And this is something for ya all MCs to regret

Talk about how they're so devoted
Take my rhymes, but swear they wrote it
You wanna keep biting, you wanna persist?
What's your debut Marley Marley? (Bite this!)

Bite this!
Bite this!
Bite this!
Bite this!
Bite this!
Bite this!