Why'd you have to make a record bout me?
The R-r-r-r-rrrrrr R-O-X-A-N-N-E
(Oh my goodness!)

Why'd you have to make a record bout me?
Why why why'd you have to make a record bout me?
Why why why'd you have to make a record bout me?
Why why Why'd you have to
Why why why'd you have to make a record bout me?

The R-r-r-r-rrrrrr R-O-X-A-N-N-E

(Oh my goodness!)

R-r-r-r-rrrrrr R-O-X-A-N-N-E

Let me tell you a story yes
How I got to be so fresh
It happened one day you know
When I was sitting upstairs listening to the radio (hmm)
They said there is a contest
We'll give the most money to the girl who's the best
I said you let me enter
Cause I know I am down
And everybody knows
It was all around town (huh)
And when I entered I came in first place
You should have seen the reaction on my face
They said said, "Yo you won with that song
We gonna call you back so don't wait too long"
So I waited bout a week a week or two
And then they finally called me but the song was though
Cause I could not remember not a word that I said
Cause you know that night I made it up on my head (yeah)
They said well, could you sit down
Can you write this for me because it's all around town?
It's the most requested record that is on the radio
I said "Yeah I'll do it" he said "Yo throw"
So I, got on the mic and started to say
Listen to me, because I'm fly Shanté
And when I started rappin' like this
It is something that they didn't want to miss
Then I had a far, far way to go
With a little bit of help (hassle?) from U-T-F-O
About saying, yes, that I'm Roxanne
And then they got so mad they said "ish got damn"
She is making the top of the charts
You know she didn't even break our record, she broke our hearts
I said "Yo, Kangol I'm so sorry
He said I'm going upstairs I'm gonna play Atari"
I said, well you do that cause you know that you chillin'
And everything you know, yo I am always willing
He said "Yeah you know we got our own Roxanne"
I said yeah I seen that girl, she got face like a man (huh)
Tell me something else don't you see
I had to watch my language cause I got so many beats (huh)
Now you know what else happened
I went to Marley cuz he was a close friend
I said I want to make a record yes
He said come to my house and let me see you confess
I said "No not that way, no not today"
He said "You know I'm just playing Shanté"
I said all right I'll be up there tonight
He said ok but just say you rhymes and please don't bite
I said you insulted me you know
I never have to bite because I always throw
He said all right I'ma give you a chance
And then when I started rappin' I put him in a trance (huh)
He started cuttin' he doing alright
He said "Yo come up here tomorrow night"
And then the next thing I knew I had did my part
And then I had got a call from Pop Art
He said "Yo baby that joint is fresh"
I said thank you very much because you know that I'm the best
He said, "Yeah you know that you're at the top"
I said when I start to rock don't you know I never stop
Then he said "Yo baby you got the cutest eyes"
He said where did you get them I said I don't know why
Then he said "Yo who's your manager Ty"
I said "Why-why-why Ty?"
He said "OK you get by"
I said well a let me tell you I'm not finished
When I start to rockin' then I really start to ?
When he said "Yo baby don't you know that's right"
I said yeah that's me I never bite
He said well tell me this could you please sit down
I said no cause this ain't my part of town
So then, I got this feeling when it was sort of chilly
I met these dudes name Don and Willie
It started a commotion, I felt this ?
And then the next thing you know it started a commotion
Cuz Dana came over in the middle of the night
I was listening to the wall, all I heard was a fight
So I said let me stay in my room
Then Marley broke out with a big ass broom
He said "They ain't getting this outta here"
I said ok I'll stand over, right over there
And then along came Magic to save the day
You know what he did? He just ran away
Cuz he's a runaway...

Why'd you have to make a record bout me?
The R-r-r-r-rrrrrr R-O-X-A-N-N-E

Why'd you have to make a record bout me?
Why why why'd you have to make a record bout me?
Why why why'd you have to make a record bout me?
Why why Why'd you have to
Why why why'd you have to make a record bout me?

The R-r-r-r-rrrrrr R-O-X-A-N-N-E

R-r-r-r-rrrrrr R-O-X-A-N-N-E