[Verse]
In 1996 I get more death threats than Salman Rushdie
Brothers wanna rush me, they wanna hush me
And silence me like Jimmy Hoffa
Since I flips like a convertible hissing
My billboard position leaving vertical
Your tough guy image is faker than a surgical implant
So I  speaks for myself like Teddy Pendergrass can
Chino XL and Kevin Keith, the new age is dawning
And I got nonchalant slanging crack 5 o'clock in the morning
With raw styles that's left of like shots from Marvin Gayes pops
Ain't no metaphors like the ones I got (haha)
With perfect timing and I'm leaving crowds jumping like Dennis Rodman on some NBA jam shit, the nail in the coffin
Leavin rich in bay feeling like
Where do they find these people position fetal
Stab you with a pen like Joe Pesci in a casino
So fuck waiting to exhale, I got chickens waiting for XL
Till death do us apart like Howard Cosell
I'm scoping you through my Lee Harvey Oswald Viewfinder Forget you and your path, find a cosigner
To me you are useless, like any chicken with a sewed up vagina
Controversial symposiums
I froze you in
Like young videos heavy rotation on Nickelodeon
I'm having flashbacks like Marion Barry,
Cheap hotel rooms, hoes
Violence and crack now who's style is that?
Chino ill as Liberace AIDS filled syringes
You couldn't be no star if you got thrown by chinese ninjas
But you don't know me one album couldn't tell ya
How many niggas pray that Chino is a failure?
Still have lipstick on your back if Suge didn't bail ya
Break your glass jaw, leavin you singing like Mahalia
Approach this, watch the east coast get sick and approach this
Might grip tight like roach clips, till I roast 2Pac's whole shit
Promote this, shirt blood soakin, gettin it open
Where you from anyway? LA? Oakland? Hoboken?
I'm God manifested on earth, you out of bounds
You wasn't no criminal carrying records for digital underground
You can't rhyme, better carry a TEC, since you a marionette
And I can see your strings, you can't offend me, do me any
Many, trendy, you's a little midget pumpin nigga
Poppin shit like little penny
Mics nickel-plated, sun-bath, think fast, syncopated
Illest syllables that have your bald head deflated
I waited so patiently, now I'm an ill furiously
Till this whole world take me seriously
Curiously get shot severe, I watched your career develop
Gassed cause you survived five shots
Your bop stops once I bring my lyrical onslaught
You walk around tough like that ass from in box corp
Once I start it's critical, niggas get touched and
Their eyes is turnin black like I'm an angel from Bone Thugs' video
All you hear is ambulance sirens
And Pac bisexual ass cryin on Oprah like he Dennis Rodman
Nigga you ain't never ever seen drama
Fuck you and your dope fiend mama
Niggas is shady, I shed ya California blood and kill Brenda's baby
Get around these nuts niggas don't play me
Recognize my face and turn that ass in the back of a Mercedes That's fully laced like a Madonna wardrobe in the 80's
Feeling lyrically, uh, provocative
2Pacalypse in battling me is preposterous
Wrapping my yellow hands around your esophagus
Till your face turn purple like it was leeky leek
A nigga with one ball shouldn't speak
I grab my crotch when I see 2Pac (haha)
He needs police protection
I'm blackin out like Martin Lawrence on the side of an intersection
I tried to warn niggas
2Pac is country as them hay in the middle of the barn niggas...

[Outro: Radio host and Chino XL speaking]
"- ohhhhhhh... yes... Oh my God..
Uh, Chino on that note though I can tell that you and uh 2Pac are good friends, huh?

-There's no beef..."