[Intro: Chino talking]
Yeah, Chino XL, straight outta Jersey ('96). 07-0-1-7. Coast to coast. Supherb. 9008. Niggas just shut the fuck up and vibe. (Y'all clowns need to lay low with all that extra.) The west/east coast combo
"I walk away from the bullshit" - Diamond D 'A Day In The Life'

[Verse One: Chino XL]
With tears rolling down my face like rain
I felt the nation, fuck a geographical location
It's the classic, visionary tactic being injected from within
Leaving my feelings mixed like Nicole Simpson's children
Shhhh
Just listen
I represent antidisestablishmentarianism
With more educated drama than a uni-bomber
Our east coast sales are falling like Lola Falana
For my ill lyrics
I wanna make CHiPS like Erik Estrada
The east coast give me the nails
The west coast is the blackboard I scrape across
My home let me down like Kiss after they took they make up off
With Jersey still the deadliest
So put your bullshit in one hand
And your skills in the other hand
Nigga let's see which one is the heaviest
Yeah, now it's all going far beyond getting that ass whooped
You can get shot at like the Dogg Pound
When they shot the New York, New York video in Brooklyn
Now let's face it, it's hatred
And we all can't just get along so stop pretending
And those who imagine peace only shot and assassinated like John Lennon
And unforgiven teens breed resentment
And seeds of discontentment
Got planted by LL and Run DMC tours around 1987
Going Back To Cali, I don't think so
With your stink flow
Disrespecting the crowd, Cali paid doe to see your weak show
So why debate?
Every nigga is trying to escape poverty with they own grammar
Jersey's east coast
Still some New York niggas treat us like we from Alabama
While N.Y. and L.A. rift
We coming up in N.J., Chicago, V.A., D.C., Illadelphia and Atlanta
In the middle is a bad feeling
Cause the country ain't shit
But a hoe who lost they crown and now trying to fly straight like Vanessa Williams
Fighting, we don't own this land
The other man still steals the SoundScan
I'm bringing these dudes more fiscal dilemmas than free ham
And [?]
Even the east
So Public Enemy wrote F.T.P., Fight The Power
While N.W.A. wrote F.T.P., Fuck The Police
And our science is the same just in reverse so kill the facade
Step to me like, "What's up dog?", I be like "What's up god?"
We're all getting robbed anyway by industry, take no orders
The actual enemy is record exec's do 'em like Kathy Walters
I drop my east coast/west coast conflict views
But
On the real
All you MC's can eat my dick up

[Hook]
"I walk away from the bullshit"