It's a Polarbear beat, suckas

[Verse 1: Big Steele]
I've been there, with my product of property
Visualize where it started, in that raggedy apartment, seein'
Unit six ...
Cover the concrete, grass only grow in patches
One out of every five mothers had a crack habit
Three out of every five pops just up and vanished
Creating bastards who turn misfortune to magic
And morph pain into hip-hop classics
We the, ghetto messiah, spread our gospel through the bootleggers
Prosperity preaching the words reach foreign nations
I thank god for ... and Flash
And visionaries like Eric Wright and Dame Dash
Uncle Luke, J Prince and Russell
The players that turned dreams into million dollar hustles
Know that, without hip hop in my life I would probably be
On level 4 in the walls of the penitentiary

[Hook: Kendrick Lamar]
I still remember the first time
That I ever turned my boombox on
I just lay back and unwind
Whenever I turn my boombox on

[Verse 2: Chino XL]
Now who's that Puerto Rican (something something)
Lyrically so committed I should be
Literally committed to a mental institution
Chasing satanic illusions, survived my step-fathers abuses
My music loosen nooses
It's proven I'm ruthless, this dude is so ready to rumble
Ain't playin' with a full deck so please don't get caught in my shuffle
As a child living in the hovel I'd mug you
To get a name ...
Got 'em like I'm Saddam Hussein's insane uncle
... no muzzle so erratic
Beef better keep it hidden like Schwarzennegar's coke habit
Spilling my pain, psychological dark thoughts
Animal niggas should be walking on all fours
I spit it high, with the skill of a thief picking a lock
And a Benz full of bullshit like my MySpace inbox
My pen is a menace, I control the world in one sentence
West Coast stand up, Chino, Big Steele and Kendrick
Started drinking Saint Ides when I was knee-high
Still never look over the hill like Denzel in Book of Eli
Before 16 and Rick Rubin signed me
I turn on my boombox and imagine I was Cool J
God is good

[Hook: Kendrick Lamar]
I still remember the first time
That I ever turned my boombox on
I just lay back and unwind
Whenever I turn my boombox on

[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar]
Welcome to my world
Back when Martin was the shit
And rocking ...
... bottles of Saint Ides
...
K was like nah, a young buck
Tryna find his outlet, coulda been an outlaw
Lil Wayne wasn't out yet, inspried by DMX
Inspired my first rhyme, glad to find a .49
I hadn't struck a gold mine
Ya'll done fucked up
My lyrics like BUCK BUCK
Then reload, then BUCK BUCK
Until he get FUCKED UP
Porno, lights, cameras, action
I'm about to get it cracking like the ceiling in your grandma's attic
Bitch I'm at it all night long
Hong Kong ... King Kong
And that means I'm quick to stampede
On each and every song I be
Kendrick, expensive, lyrics out the ass
You smell what I'm kicking, boomboxes I get wicked
Pull up...

[Hook: Kendrick Lamar]
I still remember the first time
That I ever turned my boombox on
I just lay back and unwind
Whenever I turn my boombox on

[Outro: Kendrick Lamar]
When times is crazy
I look at the stereo and it say, "Play me!"
That's when I get [?]
Ohh, that's when I get [?]
You see, this is my story my pain
My struggle and fight
And when I wanna get away from life
I put my boombox on
Ohh, I put my boombox on
Ohh, ohh oh