[Intro: Chino XL]
"Chino, Chino, Chino!"
What's the deal? Let's get this shit on
What's the deal? Yo where my Latinos at?
I said, where the fuck is my Latinos at?

[Chorus: B-Real (Chino XL)]
You get hit up, pump my shit up to full blast
(Word to God) B-Real's the nigga that laughs last
(How far are you willing to go?) Till I'm dead ass
(I swear to God) B-Real's the nigga that laughs last
(You get hit up, pump my shit up to full blast)
Word to God (Chino's the nigga that laughs last)
How far are you willing to go? ('Til I'm dead ass)
I swear to God (Chino's the nigga that laughs last)

[Verse 1: B-Real]
Flows are malicious you bitches seekin' the riches
You freeze up and then you sound fucked like when the DAT pitches
You like a woman who just gave birth, all in stitches
Comin' apart at the seams, fallin' out your britches
Fuck rockin' this off the hook, it's off the hinges
For you fuckin' junkies fiendin', I'm fillin' up all your syringes
Me and Chino sippin' on Vino coolin' in Reno
I'm snatchin' your mic like it was money when I hit ceelo
Warnin', niggas are stormin' all over me
I'll split your dome like Moses parted the Red Sea
To my east niggas and the west, and the rest God bless
You're chokin' on all that watered down bullshit like it's cess
Switch up, you better not hiccup or eat a dick up
I'm like the 4-54, dustin' your fuckin' pickup
Throw my clique up when you approach, you want to slang
But you can't swing, you wish you was nuts so you can hang

[Chorus x2: B-Real (Chino XL)]
(You get hit up, pump my shit up to full blast)
Word to God (Chino's the nigga that laughs last)
How far are you willing to go? ('Til I'm dead ass)
I swear to God (Chino's the nigga that laughs last)

[Verse 2: Chino XL]
Whoop whoop! You know what Chino about, damn!
More Bounce to the Ounce, bullet in chest like Roger Troutman
Your insurance policy rejected
'Cause I'ma kill all your survivin' family members you wish to prosper by collectin' it
It's definite, you a blunderin' idiot
So you get bust like black kids off to white schools in the 60's did
I bring asphyxiation to rappers gassed
Like being in a garage car engine runnin' without no ventilation
My flow innovation's higher than trailer trash aspiration
I'm hungrier than chicks tied up in Rick James basement
Face it, you don't compare to mine
There is no reason for your existence whatsoever after Chino XL rhymes
You get no chance to counter attack about your raps
I'll show you facts 'til you draw your own conclusions that you are wack
In your spiritual crisis, just bow down to who the lyrical Christ is
Making graven images of my likeness
Despite this, I mugs like Cypress
Nigga B-Real'll have you on the Wheel of Fortunebuying an I/eye right next to Bushwick Bill
I drill any MC with my speech
Showin' frauds who's the strongest like model Tyson beatin' down Tyrese

[Chorus x2: B-Real (Chino XL)]
(You get hit up, pump my shit up to full blast)
Word to God (Chino's the nigga that laughs last)
How far are you willing to go? (Till I'm dead ass)
I swear to God (Chino's the nigga that laughs last)

[Samples B-Real talking at The Wake Up Show Concert]:
"Aye, that nigga Chino fuckin' flipped it right now didn't he?"
"Give it up for B-Real!"

[Verse :  Chino XL & B-Real]
Who's the lyric Evel Knievel you beneath like church steeples
I swear before God and five other Latin people
We ignore amateurs
Me and B-Real stick together like pages of porn mags betweenKool Keith's mattresses
It's a pity you could never be witty
You fuckin' with me like a flat chick needin' attention so buy titties
You want a name, but you can't make it, you can't fake it
Like a virgin who's ridin' a dick, you can't take it

[Chorus x2: B-Real (Chino XL)]
(You get hit up, pump my shit up to full blast)
Word to God (Chino's the nigga that laughs last)
How far are you willing to go? (Till I'm dead ass)
I swear to God (Chino's the nigga that laughs last)

[Samples B-Real talking at The Wake Up Show Concert]:
"I just don't want to get rowdy right now. You know that shit makes me rowdy
And I'm kind of flamed up too, you know what I'm sayin'?"
(crowd cheers)
"That's right."