[Intro: Raxstar]
Uh!

I been on an ego trip, like "Fuck You"
I been on my CeeLo shit
Take it all back on my repo shit
Like Sunit, you know we had to remix this

Ego's getting bigger (x4)

[Verse 1: Raxstar]
Charles Xavier of the scene, meditate on the beat battling my ego
Funny how your enemies start off as best friends, I've known so many Magnetos
But the payback is I never lay flat, and they rate that
Found a needle in a haystack, put the X-Men on the same track
Getting old school Puff Daddy on 'em, muhfucka take that
Look, it's not important, I'm sick I ain't following the doctor's orders
You ain't a Globe Trotter cause you dropped the ball
I said you ain't a globe trotter, you ain't crossed the borders
Fought with a Sith Lord and lost the Force, payback's gonna cost a fortune
I was raised in the darkness you lost your torch in
And I'm right back there when I'm not performing
Blasphemous to say that I wasn't born for this, and who's Dad said call it quits?
The very same guy that you call a pimp
Ain't the guy that you wanna see your daughter with
How you hate on a country that you got a border with?
They're not your enemy it's all a myth
Ain't nothing out there in the big bad world
The things that your scared of are all within

[Verse 2: Fateh]
Ey, why the hell your ego so big for?
Keep it low (low), lower than a limbo
My whip game proper, windows limo
You talkin' to them coppers, Carl Winslow
Mai duniya che lai gaydreh, thokeh dain waleh batheray
Ek vari gal meri sun la veer, pit pitche sareh maar de teer
Keep it real don't act dog, running around tryna' act hard
Rappers love to black ball but shouts to my brother, Raxstar
The rest don't deserve no verse from me, after this song they cursing me like
"God damn, he killed it! Man, I hope people don't feel it"
Bachareh, bachareh, bachereh. Mereh samneh kini buri tar'an hareh
Shitted on me back when I started, it's a new day
I'm in the UK for a few days, two chains in a new Range
Damn right I got it (damn right, I got it)!
Red Pony on my chest, little hard to digest
From the West to the Leicest(er), I'ma be the best

[Verse 3: TaZzZ]
I come from a family of grafters, life ain't sweet no afters
Seen more tears than laughters, been through the worst disasters
Still holding my own, with the world's weight on my shoulders
God gave me the hardest battles, cause I'm one of his strongest soldiers
I was the underdog, a brown boy with a beard they overlooked
Now everybody wants to be a part of the team
Man, I ain't got time - I'm overbooked
And people trying to gas me up, telling me I'm the next to blow
But my head don't grow with success overload
I'm keeping my ego in control

[Verse 4: Badshah]
Papa, dekho, maine karke dikha diya
Aap rokte the mujhe rap karne se, maine poori duniya ko sikha diya
Jo likhta tha kabhi copiyon ke peeche chup chup ke wo poori duniya ko padhaa diya
Duniya dekhe jo maine karke dikha diya, lafzon ko joda maine paisa banaa diya
Ye mujhse jalte hain, main karta (ha ha ha)
Ye kabhi bhi pohonch nahi payenge main rehta ja (haan, haan, haan)
Ye jisse darte hain, maine khud ko waisa banaa diya
Main Badshah, baki saare pyaade, maine khel hi kuch aisa banaa diya
Main parwaah kyon karun? Bolta hun sach main kyon darun?
Zaraa sa bhi jhooth ho mere rap mein chullu bhar paani mein doob marun
Is baat ka mujhe ghamand, main kambal, baaki rapper hain thand
Nakli rapperon ko milega dand, jise dikkat aake pakde wo mera…

[Verse 5: Kaly]
Let's dance, Kaly!

Why the think it's a game? They seeing my vision, they think it's insane
Now they picking my brain, they calling me different as if it's a shame
Like I'm some kinda lame, well you better listen, you fellas should pray
Cause the mission remains, you stuck with the dishes I'm grabbing a plate!
Get the fuck out my way now, understand I stayed down while these fakes made their way 'round
Now they all in the game now, and I ain't letting shit slide, I'm the bully of the playground
So what you made of? You fellas made up
Everything that I am was in my brain first
And I ain't nothing but a brother with a stomach for the struggle
That remember kinda dirt that he came from
Put ya chain up, if you got the heart for it
But you call my name, don't ever hang up
I'm the king of this shit, Kaly the Great, uh
Yeah, I'm Nice As Hell, you know the gang bruh
So hands up, if you ain't down with the team, then back up

[Verse 6: Humble The Poet]
Did God give me Mama, or did Mama give me God?
It don't matter, it don't matter, we be living a façade
Judge you by your type of Turban, and they picking our your flaws
Cause it's easier to judge 'em than be judge, pause
You gotta learn to hold your own
They getting jealous when they see you with your mobile phone
Now they throwing stones, cause with mummy and daddy
They couldn't hold their own, gave up their dreams
Now they gotta, gotta, gotta get their hate on
Inside they hide a hurt, so they gotta gotta fake strong
Lived the coulda, woulda, shoulda, say they woulda, woulda, woulda
Done it if they coulda done it different, but they couldn't do it. Screw it
Little girls ruined, acid on their face, but we rapping 'bout hate, why?
Cause everyone think they got haters, it make 'em fool cool
It makes 'em feel greater, I can't rap about no real, real shit
Cause y'all get bored on the real, real, then
And the BBC won't give the track no real spins
Then I won't get no fame, and make some real, real, fans
I mean real, real friends, does that really, really matter?
Death threats on my chatter, missed steps on the latter
When I take small breaths and the rest start to scatter
Cause I spit it like a zippo, and I'm hungry like a hippo
Competition looks delicious, I'm vicious - you want some?
I'll make it my business, this my bitch, missus and mistress
Got my kids, my riches, put everything in this

Gal mere sunno mere siyanneo, appne zimane de naniyeo
Kee kanyeo, kee lanyeo, eh kam nahi soka, randeyo
Gal mere sunno mere naniyeo, es tarti te rain valeo
Kush kaleo, kush gahleo, aish karo, na laro mere saaleo
4-1-6, 2014, Humble The Poet signing in!

Sunit on the beat!

[Verse 7: RKZ]
Bring the beat back, bring the beat back
Bring the beat back, bring the beat back

Bring the beat back, break egos
Break bread, be Bad when the beat goes
He knows when I gotta team full of Heroes
Street flows so they got them eyes for the C-notes
Deep quotes coming from the shallow (shallow)
I got opportunity to grab 'em (raggo)!
Now you see this and you're scared, don't find me
I might not like you, I might compromise you
Something about it so difficult, when I got people describing my obstacles
Tell them that I am a King, vehemently
I will define you, my legacy is a means to decide your story (dope)
They think that they can destroy me (nope)
I see the prey right before me (bro)
This shit? It may just get gory
This is bigger than I, but I find it could be sicker so
I will take their heads, break their ego, they don't need 'em (GO!)
They don't ever call me a Badman, call me Bruce Wayne, they're Jokers
I am so much more than your focus, I am the onus, and I am the Omen
You're a burnt out Dragon with no Den
I couldn't define you cause you don't defy men
You don't decide and you'll never derive from Dream Warriors
And we're getting it in, let's go!