[Intro: Kev Brown]
You know, a lot of drama we go through
You know
I know females go through the drama too
But, it's wild though
It's wild sometimes

[Verse 1: Kev Brown]
Yo!
I've never been in a serious relationship
Probably 'cause I can't relate to chicks
Nowadays, I'm trapped off
Doing tracks to blast off
Being lonely is a regular thing
My phone don't ring...
I'm up in the lab, composing
Seems like every girl I've chosen, heart's frozen
Or maybe I don't know how to pick, though?
Seems like every chick I know is out to get dough
And I ain't got a lot of that, and I don't front about it
You think I'm a be hitting you off? I doubt it
Crazy...
Where they come off at?
I'm about to start letting these broads know off the bat
If you ain't bringing nothing to the table, then leave
Give a dude room to breathe, and then maybe you can receive
Something real, instead of the fake
Something you feel and appreciate
Worth the wait

[Hook: Kev Brown
It's like...
Always, always, got to be, something
Always, always, got to be, something
Always, always, got to be, something
Always, always, got to be, something
Always, always, got to be, something
Always, always, got to be, something
Always, always, got to be, something
Always, always, got to be, something


[Verse 2: Kev Brown
It's like...the heck is this?
You know I'm really trying not to be a pessimist
But on the other hand, I cram to understand your plan
Feminine ways is like a maze, with the Minotaur in the middle
Women be thinking we all dogs without the kennel
You don't even know what I've been through
'Cause y'all be coming with all types of drama
I don't want to get into
All types of temptations
With your small waist...and thick hips...
Psssh, man...
Look...
Too much to deal with, for real
You got too much to deal to see if it's real, or not
A couple of ladies I met was on point, though
A lot of y'all be getting me annoyed, though
It's like you be trying see how many hearts
You can break in the smallest
Amount of time
Or maybe I'm......exaggerating
But it gets aggravating
You talking another language, and nobody's translating
And you can walk a mile in my shoes
But you can never overstand my blues
And that's real

[Hook: Kev Brown]
Always, always, got to be, something
Always, always, got to be, something
Always, always, got to be, something
Always, always, got to be, something
Always, always, got to be, something
Always, always, got to be, something
Always, always, got to be, something
Always, always, got to be, something

[Outro: Kev Brown]
I know my man Philly Ree can agree with that
I know my man Cy Young can agree with that
I know my man Oddisee can agree with that
I know my man Quartermain can agree with that
I know my man Calico can agree with that
I know my man Marshall Law can agree with that
I know my man PMD can agree with that
I know my man Adversary agree with that
I know my man Pete Rock can agree with that
I know my man Chef Word can agree with that
I know my man Jazzy Jeff can agree with that
I know my man Grap Luva agree with that
I know my man Pauly Yamz agree with that
I know my man Nefarious agree with that
I know my man Kam Moye agree with that
Agree with that, come on come on
It's like this yo!
Always got to be something, right?