"And this goes out to you and you and you, you" - Notorious B.I.G. 'Kick In The Door'

[Verse One: L.E.G.A.C.Y.]
The L.E.G.A.C.Y. will die and live again
I fuck Goldie Hawn for the Private Benjamins
A wild cat
You Marv Albert niggas yo, you bite that
Snapping at my dick like Slim Jims
No more rap, when I sent you this I spit hymns
I'm so pure, this is Mayhem
I throw manure in the crowd so the shit hits the fans
And hits the streets
My clique is deep, like orphans all free
Shit's deep
(Michael Jordan called me)
Said he's coming back
Said niggas is fucking up the game
Told him "I know how you feel"
In rap is just the same, dirt gets kicked up on names
But no need in stressing
We the legends
They know that and we know that
Let's play some golf and post up, where the hoes at?
Trying to smoke? I know where the 'dro at
Fuck the plush beats, where Big Dho at?
What you gonna do if I wild on you?
All these Calgon crews
What you wanna take Leg away?
Motherfucker check the resume
Motherfucker check the resume

[Chaundon]
Imagine my fame
Through hip hop talks, they mention my name
Force foes to step up the game the day that I came
Verbal [?], Timberland boots and baggy denim
Spitting venom, crippling your cerebellum
Slow your speed up cause when I flow I turn the heat up
Like blacks on the bus in the 60's, you'll give your seat up
Mic supremacy, equipped with superior weaponry
I'm dumb nice
If I die tonight then I can ghostwrite
Big arenas, with shiny suits and buy the bar out
Or cop a book bag to decaf to rock a coffee house is nothing
Rap is just another form of hustling
The Boogie Down, Nino Brown is taking over cousin
We All In The Same Gang
Make doe the same way
Think you hotter than me? Then drop your CD the same day
Money and power is what I'm bringing you can't run with me
Moving units, UHaul is my distribution company

[Scratch Hook]
"And this goes out to you and you and you, you"

[Verse Two: L.E.G.A.C.Y.]
Ayo I'm half beast half machine
Can't sleep, I'll get shot if I have a dream
Instead I have a scheme
Illiotic.com the magazine
Stars a bastard teen
No father figure
Raw as coke, all of them niggas
They thought I was a joke, now I'm laughin truly
Missing children, what ever happened to Julie?
Family Matters, I'm Randy Savage for money like animals
My sequels make money like Hannibal
With a mask out if I lash out, nothing can protect rivals
I'm writing the next Bible
Scripture in each verse
Thee worst
Imagine what I could do to the best
My crew is my crew to the death
Bamboozle, wild like the Mal Mals
Damn youtube my style foul foul
Fuck then, it's right now now
Switch up, still bring it
Got niggas like how how?
I can't explain
I'm the pain
Please feel it
Still on that NC real shit
The tar heel state, no law, they kill jakes
Riot like it's Cincinnati
Move quiet like vigilantes
Never see me coming
Like sex with blind bitches, thoughts be running
Life/death, my mind switches
Off/on, created in His imagine, I'm God spawn

[Chaundon]
You puss in this Rap City, face it
You ain't Big Tigga but you still living in ya mother basement
Partner don't make me reach inside my parka
If I freestyle on Friday, I'll 106 and Park ya
Bring your team, they don't bother me none
I don't need to enlist, I'm still an army of one
Claiming you street but everybody know that you lying
Pressing clothes is the only way you're waving iron
Learn to accept your losses with a "thank you"
Knowing my skills is holding my weight like a fat bitches ankles
Hollering "battle" you don't really wanna start this brother
Cause me and Leg will run the game like the Parker Brothers
Street teaming, on the scene and
Got your girl mouth wide open, catching semen
Now get the fuck outta here and take that beat making with you
Cause the shoes of a dope MC's will never fit you