|Apoca-Lips|

"This should be played at high volume, preferably in a residential area."

Tell 'em-Tell 'em, nowadays if it's buzzing it's a stage act (x5)

[Verse: TeTnEEk] Yo. Yo, yo
It's been a minute since I kicked some shit like this, but I was used to my old school Roots like Organix - I bring it to ya
I'm more frantic, a bar addict. Boy, I was institutionalized, but I'm using my time to my advantage
Drop folly and pop molly. Y'all making a mockery and move "E" more than cinematography. It's simple - I see through it. I'm sleep-walking through lucid dreams, see what I want and get it while still counting sheep
Guess the wool over my eyes was just a disguise. My mind's open, notice the wolf is shocking like high voltage. I got a gift rapping - I ain't the best ever though. I stay on top of the present like gift wrapping
You mix that with work ethic would irk medics. Y'all ain't hurting the beats, but I'm making them earn credit
"It's pathetic" - what I say every-time you dropping shit. I'm sending you to the Mayans. Nigga, this the Apocalypse

*static*





|Luke|

[Intro: Dialogue from 'Mean Streets'] Okay...okay, I just come out of confession, right?
(Right.)
...and the priest gives me the usual penance, right? "10 Hail Mary's", "10 Our Father's", 10 whatever. Now, you know that next week I'm gonna come back and he's just gonna give me another "10 Hail Mary's" and another "10 Our Father's", and...I mean, you know how I feel about that shit...those things, they don't mean anything to me. They're just words. Now that may be okay for the others, but it just doesn't work for me. I mean...if I do something wrong, I just wanna pay for it MY way, so I do my own penance for my own sins. What d'you say, huh?


[Verse 1: Jay Anfernee] The door on this house hold is marked with bad blood. The offspring are raised among these hypocrites confirmed
We learn early that to leave the family means that dishonor will eat us whole, like they never wasted egg or sperm
Fucking worms. As one we gather at the table, eating bread and draining blood with fellow blood suckers
Sheep snickering, while your stepmother's caning Abel. I'll move the mountains that limp us after my last supper
The family that brays together stays together - I'd rather be outside plucking out white doves feathers instead of going against their rules and living life like I'm supposed to. You know: like being wise with my fellow good fellas?
From dust we came, and to dust we shall return - yet nobody seems willing to bite the dust reduced from others
I'll gladly convince my cremator to anoint with my remainders, so you all can be blessed with my terrible wonders

[Hook]: Then parents wonder why their young run away. Murdering innocence, all simply child's play
The backyard garden of delight I used to roam while Daddy's servants were busy marking days of building a condemned Rome
I stayed healthy to keep doctors afar, but too much of a good thing caused my disease to scar. No concern if my name is called in vain. I'll keep on running, running, till Daddy's no longer shamed

[Verse 2]: Every single family tradition condones incest. But God forbids I choose an outsider girl for my princess
The chains of their morality are beginning to erode. I hope that skipping along this road's a queen to be who's not afraid to kiss a toad
I'm swimming slowly in the pool of poison, observing my “relatives” sliding back, chilled and joyful, reminding me a lot of Uncle Luke’s land, and I'm thoughtful: what is the difference really? Either one, I see a brothel
That's why I feel funny to hear that Momma's still a virgin. That's why I feel it's vital that these houses need a purging. That's why I feel so lusty for earthly things. I don’t need a mobile device to show Daddy that his own isn't working
It's all down to shit, and I've been losing my patience. Maybe it's time I tried to make my Uncle Luke's acquaintance
For writing this note, I know I'm never going home. Fuck it, I'll pack my bags and leave to explore the streets of Rome

[Hook]

[Outro] I'm not worthy to eat Your Flesh. Not worthy to drink Your Blood
(Not worthy to drink Your Blood.)
Okay...

*static*