[Sample]
'You'll never guess who he wants to be...Spider-Man!'
'Why?'
'Well he knows a hero when he sees one. Too few characters out there, flying around like that; saving old girls like me. Lord knows, kids like Henry need a hero. Courageous self sacrificing people, setting examples for all of us. Everybody loves a hero. People line up for them, cheer them, scream their names and years later they'll tell: how they stood in the rain for hours just to get a glimpse of the one who told them to hold on a second longer. I believe there's a hero in all of us'

[Verse]
7AM chow down Aunt May’s wheat cakes
Kiss her goodbye tell Uncle Ben not to wait
Catch the bus now the buillies wanna play corners
Crush my ribs call me pussy I thought I was a goner
I live to see another day, the driver looks the other way
Step outside see Harry at the gate as he says hey
In the hallway catching up on last night’s escapades
(So uh whatcha do last night Peter?)
Oh me, same old just studying a bit
Spot a cheerleader blowing Flash Tomphson a kiss
He sees me and I know he’s gonna start some shit
(Ay puny Parker come here you little bitch!)
Hey Flash please man I don’t want any trouble
He got so close to me I could actually see his stuble
One knee to my stomach the blows keep on coming
Through the crack in my glasses I see Gwen Stacy running
She sticks up for me and Flash decides to dip
Gwen helps me up as she calls him a dipshit
I thank her and tell her that I am ok
(Thank goodness and don’t forget we have a field trip today)
Thank God I have my permission slip
I head to my locker to put down my shit
I check my bag Aunt May forgot to give me cash
No lunch for me I better go to math
I answer every question right I aced that class
Hear people behind me saying I kiss the teacher’s ass
I should say something but I let them believe it’s fact
(Shut the fuck up)
Now off to chemistery I wish Gwen and I had that
Face it she’s goregeous and I have no chance
Regardless I wave hello and she waves back
(Huh maybe I should ask her out to the dance)
Field trip time been waiting all day I’m ready
I’ve got my camera set I gotta keep my hands steady
Taking photos for the paper the last guy retired
(Ok I got all my gear I should be good to go)
Snapping photos left right and center whoa Harry’s found a winner
His arm around a red head she’s making me hot in winter
Forget about it I have to continue taking pictures
(Ah man that could be me)
I’m a little bit distracted you know taking notes
Flash decides to be an asshole and smacks my nose
Flash breaks my flash in a flash now I have to get up close
Fucking blow me Eugene I left blood on your jeans
He doesn’t hear me I don’t really care
I haven’t noticed the spider lowering itself in the air
It plants its fangs in my hand little fucker bit me
I wonder if anyone noticed Peter Parker is missing