[Intro: Murs & 9th Wonder]
Ready?
Uh-huh
A'ight...
After tonight
Don't leave your girl round me, heartbreaker for life
Ask my homeboy 9th

[Hook 1]
Got all your girlfriends thinkin' that I'm the (Bad Man!)
Never neglected you or disrespected you
Or lied to have sex, yet you say I'm the (Bad Man!)
Gave you dick, never fronted, pulled your hair when you wanted
Used to flip you on your stomach, said you wanted a (Bad Man!)
Now it's all drama, an unidentified caller
On the phone with my momma talkin' bout I'm a (Bad Man!)
How could somethin' so bad be so damn good?

[Verse 1]
All I wanted was to fuck, from the start I never lied
Now it hurts my heart to have to see you cry
Let you know from the jump, I was that type of guy
Now you all on my voice mail askin' me why
Never kissed you in public and I never held your hand
I never said I loved you so I never was your man
How can we break up when we never broke down
And committed to each other? We was fuckin' around
That's how people get hurt, and we both do dirt
Now we could put this all behind us and make things work
Or I could get behind you cause I like that skirt
Sorry 'bout that, got a one track mind
But if you say you don't wanna fuck me too, then you lying
Tryna fight it girl, shit bring your ass here
Who else can make you wet by doin' this in your ear
(See why you playin', all that bullshit you sayin')

[Hook 1]
Got all your girlfriends thinkin' that I'm the (Bad Man!)
Never neglected you or disrespected you
Or lied to have sex, yet you say I'm the (Bad Man!)
Gave you dick, never fronted, pulled your hair when you wanted
Used to flip you on your stomach, said you wanted a (Bad Man!)
Now it's all drama, an unidentified caller
On the phone with my momma talkin' bout I'm a (Bad Man!)
How could somethin' so bad be so damn good?

[Verse 2]
She got me screamin' in public, in the middle of the mall
I lightly touch her arm, what'd the bitch do?, fall
Now they call security, it's about to be drama
I would never hit a woman, I was raised by my momma
But I kinda feel bad even though I didn't do shit
Now I gotta waste time to find a new chick
Someone who understand a man's gotta be a man
I don't wanna have to lie just to get into your pants
And ain't nothin' wrong with a one night stand
That happens twice a week, plus I'm nice in the sheets
And you look like a freak, it'll be to your benefit
A nigga you can fuck, and a nigga you can kick it with
I'm sick of this phone tag text message foreplay
I like to be spontaneous, that's my forte
Let's go to my crib and have, sex in the door way
We'd talk all night if you had things your way

[Hook 1]
Got all your girlfriends thinkin' that I'm the (Bad Man!)
Never neglected you or disrespected you
Or lied to have sex, yet you say I'm the (Bad Man!)
Gave you dick, never fronted, pulled your hair when you wanted
Used to flip you on your stomach, said you wanted a (Bad Man!)
Now it's all drama, an unidentified caller
On the phone with my momma talkin' bout I'm a (Bad Man!)
How could somethin' so bad be so damn good?

[Verse 3]
She said this might make me look like a knight in shinin' armor
Great way to escape or get away from the drama
So I got a little momma, first, had to disarm her
Said she heard about us rappers, I still got to charm her
I'mma tell you what you wanna hear and make it the truth
Haven't been with a woman since I left Kamloops
Two months ago in Canada, ask my road manager
He'll tell you I'm a good guy, I wouldn't lie to you
Just because you look fly, look my bus cards are new
We'll shoot to my room, make the best out of twelve hours
We can wash that club smell out your hair in the shower
Turn down the power, lie down and make spoons
Or we can talk all night and listen to iTunes
You assume this the game that I spit to every girl
But I'm careful with my heart and who I let up in my world
(So, here's my number, call me anytime girl)

[Hook 2]
Just because I'm a musician she must think I'm a (Bad Man!)
All alone when she listens and I know what she's wishin'
But she won't pay attention cause she thinks I'm a (Bad Man!)
It's not as bad as you think, cause you had a few drinks
I'll hold you hair out the sink, you still think I'm a (Bad Man!)
I don't do this all the time, you are just that fine
Get that shit out your mind, I am not the (Bad Man!)

[Outro] (x3)
Bad Man!