[Verse 1: Josh Man]
Cruising in the Caddy up and down Hoover Side
It's like I'm Hoova now, I'm cripping, I do it now
I'm going twenty miles an hour, it's light showers
But is it rain or lead, man I couldn't tell
Gentrified projects, what's the object? They bombing
Innocents, men, women, and children
Then it's back to it again
So I don't know where the freedom is
Imprisoned fathers that be posted up for bail
When they released, it's like they never left the cell
It's clearly the American system that has failed
All I can say is bless the nightingale

[Verse 2: Tutu Gangsta]
Yo what's up, it's Tutu Gangsta
You hearing a rapper turned sanga
I study political socialization
I learn about the diversity up in this nation

[Verse 3: Mack Daddy]
Yo Chris you are wack
I don't even know why you're on this track
You wear glasses, you must have poor eyesight
You better bounce before we get into a fight
I bet you don't even know kung fu
All I think when I look at you is "Fool!"
When I hear you speak, I wanna punch a wall
And I bet you can't even ball
All these flames got Chris roasting and toasting now
Christopher done turned into the poster child
For wack rappers, washed-up actors, matter fact is
Chris a son of a gun, who fun? He's not the one
You dumb
OKAY!

[Verse 4: Tutu Gangsta]
Okay, what the heck just happened?
I was just here calm rapping
Then out of nowhere, I got slapped in the face a lot
By Mack Daddy, thought we were cool, I guess not
I got something to say to you man
Your rhymes are weak, belong in the trash can
Yeah, it's like that man
You can't roast to save your life, but I can

[Verse 5: Tutu Gangsta]
Hello there, I'm not from this planet
I see Valen I scream, "Get out the way, dang it"
I hear him speak and I wanna say "Can it"
I'm a maniac, I'm crazy with the flows now
I ether him, I'm chilling with the bros now
Woo! I'm fire with the clothes now
Don't care 'bout hoes now
I'm on some real stuff
I got a girlfriend, I don't need to act tough
Valen what you doing man? You wack though
Why you putting up a show? You can't act yo
Why you think you got bars? You can't rap bro

[Verse 6: Mack Daddy]
Wow Chris you are so foolish
I can't even believe that I go to school with
A mother sucker like you, you're a buster
Word to mother, never love ya, Stevie Wonder
Up-and-comer, that's me
You're stupid and wack, hold up, run it back
You did the most for the least amount of glory
I'ma make sure no one ever tells your story
And this for what you did to me yesterday
Keep the beat going, I got more to say
I serve these rhymes steaming hot, get 'em on a plate
This final line is heat enough to seal your fate
You freaking donut

[Outro: 9th Wonder]
She came through, like, we thought it was gonna be the messed-up record, but she came through. She came through! That's--that's amazing