(Hook)
You can't run

(Intro)
One time, one time
For myself though
Always give back, you feel me?
To y'all that is

(Hook)
You can't run

(Intro cont'd)
I be the one that need it most though, straight up

Since five you feel me, I had "Nuthin' but a 'G' Thang" bumpin';
Really how I live partner, we ain't stuntin'
For my nigga Ty D-O somethin' hoopin'
But the kids love me like I'm Teenage Mutant
[Fuck clan snoopin'?]
Young bucks wanna rate us as [?] check out the irony;
Same folks hate what I'm doin' tend to admire me
In the dead zone when I'm successful, new lost cause;
Act like she had her shit together, but I lost costs
[? club checks?] come look at how my sea changed
Magic flow, penny before the knee pain
Quit my job, what's the odds of me becoming rich deal?
People tryin' to get close like eatin' at the fifth wheel
Pre-game, we came, that's a pot luck;
Hoes like moles in an arcade, they pop up
No fun and games, every sentence long like I fuck with Cain
Everything we do is private just to get some public fame
Trick or treatin' my city [? promoter kit kats?]
Learned about snakes being a gym rat
Life took my breath away, then mother nature gave me my wind back
Showing out so I can do a show and get me ten stacks
Shit, that's like a mill' to a table without a meal
World full of colour, staying for whites like I'm Jaleel
For the green, I'mma black out, talkin' about grey skies
Man, I do this well like Patti LaBelle make pies
Pray for me, man I'm tryin' to raise hell but pay tithes
Snappin', known for it, like 50-50 steak fries
Can't fuck with me - never do acknowledge, I just skate by;
Niggas give me salty looks and bitches give me fake eyes
That's cool with me, man I'm on some shit that you ain't heard about;
I'm talkin' that -ism bruh, this shit they gotta learn about
They actin' like we just now doin' somethin' clean
Blacken out before the black out, my nigga - the fuck you mean?

Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah

(Hook)
You can't run

Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah

Look: only rapper who beat devils
Got me a degree from Chapel Hill, still speak ghetto
Nonchalant when I'm off the lot, like [heat mellow?]
Made her puddin' pop every night she gave me Jell-O
Drove a van with the fans, tryna fiend me Othello
Only [?] some niggas had at school was green and yellow
Childhood comin' back, heard that they free and [?]
[Family state?] verses only right that I keep a medal
Town like a Vegas campus, look you seein' Rebels
Bought a plane, highed it and told the pilot to reach my level
Coincidentally went from rockin' J's to Roc-A-Fella
All my brothers know I'm smart, treat me like Donatello
Middle finger to you niggas reppin' my city wrong
Had us lookin' bad, thank God that I'm livin' strong
But this shit is stupid, not as stupid as my flow get
If you don't know who GQ is, nigga you don't know shit
At my mamma house, on the couch lookin' at old pics
Having flashbacks to the Winter, ain't been cold since
If life's a war then I just want my army fed
Why you all up in my business, you actin' like Carly Rae
Reservation only, I make sure to call ahead
Lay it down real smart, this beat is just a Harvard bid
I was talkin' [?] the other day, he been a [ten plus?]
The world is art, they got my nigga paintin' with a thin brush
The reason why, I been treatin' every day like weekend, I
Really do this shit, hey know least I try, my nigga

(Hook)
You can't run