[Hook]
Crackers, beaners, gooks, niggas
What we all got in common? Ha!
Cigarettes and liquor
The cancer might kill you, or sclerosis of the liver
But we still keep spending on cigarettes and liquor
Cigarettes and liquor
Cigarettes and liquor
Run out and get your
Cigarettes and liquor
Cigarettes and liquor
Cigarettes and liquor
Everybody's spending on
Cigarettes and liquor
Cigarettes and liquor
Cigarettes and liquor
Better go get your
Cigarettes and liquor
Cigarettes and liquor
Cigarettes and liquor
Everybody need they're
Cigarettes and liquor

[Verse 2: Murs]
I got twenty little soldiers lined up in a row
What you want one homie? Man, psst, here you go
Killing myself, might as well kill you
Matter of fact, second thought, go ahead and take two
My hands and my breath smelling like straight doo doo
A couple years from now I'm gonna sound like Guru
I don't know what to do
I really need to quit
Teeth so yellow they could butter up some grits
I can't quit, it's the celebrity and fame
The stress and the strain from the whole rap game
Look, I know it's lame, but what's your excuse man?
Credit card, rent late, wife found a new man?
I understand, we all got our problems
You kill yourself slowly and you hope that'll solve 'em
It's in my genes man, my family tree
My mother smoke, my father smoke, they handed it to me
My little brother, he been smoking since the fourth grade
Smoke a stress blunt, then he chase it with some E&J
Drinking and smoke and it might stunt your growth
But he's 6'4" and he's been doing both
So smoke all you want, go cigarette crazy
When cancer get your ass, don't go cryin' like a baby
Cause chemo radiation man, it ain't no fun
You better get your ass the patch or some Nicorette gum

[Hook]

[Verse Two]
Now have you ever been faded, intoxicated
Woke up at the crib and wonder how you made it?
Late to the job cause you so faded
You walk in at noon and try to masquerade it
Like, "Aw man, I'm feeling under the weather."
But your co-workers laughing cause they all know better
You got a hangover, and shit it ain't over
Not quite drunk, but you sure ain't sober
Weekend warrior, should have ate your Wheaties
Sunday Night Fever gave your ass the B.G's
The bubble guts, stomach all doubled up
Head feeling like you caught a Mike Tyson uppercut
You fucking up, get your shit together
You can't keep doing this bullshit forever
Running to the bathroom every five minutes
Every time that you throw up, you claiming that you finished
Then you swear you bout to quit
But as soon as Friday come, it's time to get lit
Tequilla shots, lemon drops, dancing on the table tops
You know when you're really drunk? (When?)
When you say you're not
"I ain't faded, why is everybody tripping?"
Pulled your dick out on the dance floor and started pissing
And you call yourself a grown man
You one step away from a twelve step program

[Hook]