[Hook]
Now here we go, now here we go
Now here we go, now here we go, heyyy!
Now here we go, now here we go
Now here we go, now here we go, heyyy! Heyyy! Heyyy!
(x2)

[Verse 1]
But not so fast
So you can follow me on the blocks I pass
You don't need a car, you can hop out that cab
So we can take a walk, yeah, it's far, but back to my lab
(Heyyy!) You don't need to Benz or drop
When we exercise your body, your mind a few blocks
Decide not, or decide if you will
Cause in a couple of seconds I'mma style up the hill
For real, what's the deal? What's your answer?
You ain't gotta roll in the Lambo-
-Ghini, believe me, it's all good, you can walk with me
Two-step, Three-step, even four with me
Ma, ain't no need for parking, boo
Let's hit the park, walk, and spark it boo

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Look, I know he wanna impress you, in the SU-V
Guess who messed with thee, me
We could hit the train, split the fee
It's the shit to me, he forget to be, so you're sick of thee
Way he be actin', cause he got that kitted up Magnum
Like he live in a mansion, and that Phantom
Yeah, he might take you dancin', but
Walkin' with me is guaranteed romancin'
I spark the lie when your eyes enhance and
You recognize how your mind's in a trance and
Walk with me, then talk with me
Niggas be on, pullin they whips on when they off they B
To the side, like "Nah, come check me!"
Later but Buck'll walk you around for a favor
Ma... (Now here we go, now here we go, heyyy!)
Now his behavior
Is what you hate cause
He really think you stressin cause he got that new Lexus;
Say just, call me when you wanna chill
And I'll be down to take a walk around the hill
Buck's life...

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Listen, we can ride any time we choose
Tonight, the Beemer's parked, we ridin the shoes
Yup, I'll put your mind in the mood
You'll take a walk with me down the avenues
I ain't even have to do
Half of the things he tried to gas you, boo
Like ride by a view, unnatural
With the system on blast, he about to crash
At last, you ain't got a run and jog
But if you're bored you can check my new joint on your iPod
Or we could take it back to the Walkman
Pop in a CD and listen to B.D. often
I love it when I see you in the morning
Cause we can hold hands and hit the block touring

[Hook]