[Produced by 9th Wonder]

[Intro]
Chop shop. Moody/Median. 9th Wonder. What?

[Verse 1]
A tree died for me to scribe on this loose leaf
Shallow niggas like, "Median is too deep"
Cats stay frontin' like they runnin' who's streets?
World Trade terror? Now that's true beef
The innocent fear for they life now
Runnin' out the White House
Shut down airlines, they cuttin' lights out
The temperature is risin' meltin' ice down
At the polars of the Earth and we gettin' high now
Scriptures, Revelations, bout to reach their height now
And we watchin' it on TV, like movies of the week
Thin line between fiction, reality
Who teach the violence, but where all the wildin' be
To enterprise, just take God and y'all eat
I should have saw it com in' I was tryin' to find a freak
Streets raised me to find a grind tryin' to eat
And keep a little stash until I find the hottest sneaks
Turn big Willie
Throw blinders on the Jeep
And spend drug money as we drive economy
And now we got killers livin' where my momma be
And we stack paper for that by any means?
They never said stayin' in school was playin' cool
Cash Rules Everything but I'm not moved
I never missed a syllable that them bigger niggas mentioned
They respect the sports and the niggas in the prisons
I'm a product of environment

[Hook]
How big is your world? [x3]
Can you see it?
How big is your world? [x3]
Can you see it?
How big is your world?
Can you see it?
How big is your world?
Can you feel it?
How big is your world? [x2]
Can you taste it? Embrace it?
How big is your world

[Verse 2]
But who can I blame for the ways of my life?
Do I wanna change or just waste all my life?
Median is balanced but at times I'm Moody
And all he wants; a brew and a dutch and a true freak
I know that type of livin' only causes casualties
But tell that to Moody, my split personality
He really don't mean no harm, he's kinda calm
But kinda energetic, with the ladies he's a charm
Posses the gift of gab, he's witty, you'll laugh
He's the one you've seen if I've ever played the ass
Apologies, don't have problems sayin' that
I got some issues, walk a mile in my big shoes
Can say this though it may sound like I'm wylin' to y'all
But Median is bout to handle my problems
Tryin' to get my mom out the factory job
Arthritis in her hands be makin' her wrists throb
But she's got a car note and a mortgage to pay
So even if I get high I grind everyday
Plus hustle to them classes tryin' to make good grades
Is it time for work till it's time for play?

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Yo these days I'm on some 8 Mile iddish
Lost in this music that I take crowns in it
Never let it go, steady flow help the cheddar grow
When the iddish hit, the fans better blow
Let 'em know take a seat and just chill for a minute
Median's relief, time to build for a minute
With your witty superhero, J League affiliate
The traits of John Coffey, like the drink but spelled different
M-E-D-I-A-N tell a friend
He travellin' time waves feel it in your melanin
Gellin' in like a dance in the rain, I'm brainstormin'
Loud and in the shower while washin' my largest organ
Enormous, probably like 5:00 this mornin'
Sometime the son rise way before the sunrise
So surprisin' just me and my mind, I'm socializin'
Think about the politics of timin', shinin' and rhymin'
The politics and consequence of drama
Image and gimmicks, or Moody just spittin' so relentless
The type of image to make the game grow
With plain clothes and strange flow your brain froze

[Hook]