[Produced by 9th Wonder]

[Intro: 9th Wonder]
Man you know, I don't think we decide our own legacy. To be honest with you. When you leave the game or you leave this earth, people will decide a legacy for you. We're just here to do what we're supposed to do. Everybody else will decide what was your legacy, he was this or he was that, or he did this he did that. People are gonna decide that for you. You have no control over it, you know. I just wanna make the best music I possibly can and that's in my realm uphold the culture of hip hop cause so many people my age have abandoned it. Maybe cause their lack of knowledge about it whether to uphold the culture of hip hop, cause it is my culture. And, uh, that's about it

[Background voice]
You are a storm
You are a storm

[Hook: 9thmatic]
Uh, I'mma make it big
Uh, I'mma make it big
They said I wouldn't make it big
I'mma make it big
Like Tom Hanks nigga I'mma make it big
9thmatic and 9th Wonder
I'mma make it big
Yea, I'mma make it big

[Verse 1: 9thmatic]
Matic, 9 one of the best two on test
I was like the freshest lil nigga in sixth grade
Used to rock Jays, Gazelles and tight fades
Seven grade came, I jam to Public Ene'
Me and the homies, the classes that I was in a
Circle for a square then eight grade was here
Ninth grade came and I was like "yeah!"
Freshest lil nigga became a freshman
Fan of the DOC and X-Clan
J brother P you ready for tenth grade?
Sophomore b-ball team that I made
Made out with a girl that was in my grade
With the green eyeshade and the patent leather shoes
Junior year time came the real good news
1080 SAT score yeah dude
N to the C to the C to the U
Durham 85 exit 172
It's senior year, what the hell you gonna do?
Stay around here and work a nine to five gig?
Nah homeboy, shit, I'mma make it big
Like Tom Hanks, nigga, I'mma make it big
Nah homeboy, shit, I'mma make it big
Ninth 9thmatic, shit, I'mma make it big
Wonder wonder 9, shit I'mma make it big

[Verse 2: Khrysis]
I'm on that supercalerfragalisticfragonago bullshit
With more lines to the word than your tagonago pulpit, church
Young Khrysis the rebel
I get down do my dance on instrumentals
And blast that beat slamming on cats like heavy metal
Don't try this at home kids get on my level
Huh, we don't ever ever settle
Wack niggas try and tuck us they some Brokeback fuckers
Ain't got time for them suckers, I work too hard
You wanna take mine, well, hardy har
In your dreams this ain't easy as it seems
Been doing this since the teens
You can say it's in the genes
Uncle on the sax, granny singing in the opera
Rest in peace Uncle Mark tourin' with the gospel
Group that he started, he was living out his dream
Then he passed it on to me, I told him I'mma make it big
Said I'mma make it big
Khrysis in the booth and I'mma make it big
'Matic on a tranic and said make it big
Yeah nigga I'mma make it big come on

[Verse 3: 9thmatic]
Big boy showing style get a pancake
Syrup type sweet on the beats I made that
Like [?] said "'ey yo pimp, it's Threat!"
Then Jay start spitting and I was like "Yes!"
And Jay called 9th, "9th wonder of the world
We need some beats" so then we did "Girl"
And "Is She The Reason" and then "Game Over"
Overseas international bonjour
Tour with R Kelly and Jay got jumped off
Jigga man stayed and Kels got kicked off
Mary J jumped on tour, now who knew?
The very next year I'm on The Breakthrough
Thank you 9th Wonder she said, "ode to two"
"Good Woman Down" with a Grammy nigga ohhhh
Now here comes Badu
Honeyyyyyy Yeah you know the tune
You so sweet nigga sweet like syrup
Back to the syrup then Luda was like "Wake up!"
Another 9th banger with Common on the jam
1989 "Do The Right Thang," bam!
Sal's Pizzeria type pieces like big
Yeah home boy nigga I'm a make it big
I'mma make it big
I'mma make it big
Yeah 9thmatic, yeah I'mma make it big
I'mma make it big