[Verse 1]
See the world is what the world once was
& perhaps there’s less in it cause there’s now more of us
Happy to read Nietzsche but I blinked and I missed him
So do you wanna be happy or just different?
Is it your excuse to explain being distant?
The wind-up bird sings despite lacking existence
The two moons float without each other’s assistance
& how are you a saint? Won’t you teach me Vincent?
Still on Murakami got no time for the rest
Cause what is time except the divine intellect?
We are all attributes of what God manifests
Existence is His essence, who are we to protest?
& is it really ethical to say we’re all God?
At least it brings comfort knowing that we’re all flawed
But if I don’t believe in Him then we’re all frauds?
Congrats on all your reasoning that I can’t applaud
Can’t blame the meditator asking what we are
I guess it goes to show how we’ve come so far
Nah I’m just kidding, still the same old bullshit
God out your equation and we’ll see if it still sticks
If it’s our nature to be Strange Tools
Then I hope to organize myself with ProTools
A template of ourselves comes in every mood
And the way I make art is no exception to the rule
The method to the madness in the madness that I craft
The verse is Shakespearean but I’m the whole cast
I’ll stab you in the park for the sake of that bench
Ignoring regret then it’s all I have left
So what did we learn after shooting the elephant?
Oppression over territory still seems prevalent
We’re all equal right? That’s what we’ve all shown
Guess our father shouldn’t have let us in the forest on our own
Especially with that rifle man he really should’ve known
But He had so much faith likely greater than our own
Our death is inevitable, the damage irreparable
The writing on the wall was quite illegible
We’re all poor players on this poorly lit stage
Won’t you light a candle for a slightly brighter flame?
My heart is too dark for any hopes of real change
& the light will burn out when they soon forget my name
So please forget my name, won’t you please forget my name?
Please forget the game, won’t you please ignore the game?
Please adjust your aim, won’t you place the proper blame?
Won’t you ever understand that there’s no truth to ascertain?
(So) please forget my name, won’t you please forget my name? [x3]
But don’t forget me

[Outro]