[Intro: MC David J]
Yo this one, this ones for Hip Hop you know what Im saying, Its David J

[Hook X2: MC David J]
Nobody but you and thats for real Hip
Hop. You the love of my life and thats for real

[Verse 1: MC David J]
As time goes along I never take for granted the
Grass the sun the air the trees that god planted
I like to wu-wei my way through life and take it easy when I
Listen to you hip hop it never phased me so I
Kick back and let the drum set slave me
The way the kick kicks got me drooling like a baby. Yo
When the snare hits its kinda like my lady
The beauty of its scenery it got me going crazy
And even in my darkest time, god pro
Vided me the light to write a couple rhymes. Its like my
Bandage to my pain medication to my stress and you the
Only one I love this is what I must confess

[Hook X2: MC David J]
Nobody but you and thats for real Hip
Hop. You the love of my life and thats for real

[Verse 2: MC David J]
A pencil and a pad is screaming for your name. Its
Tellin you beggin you come and rearrange these
16 bars thats filled with art and some emotion
Hip hop sparked the recreation of creation Ill ex
Plain in one phrase. The
Alpha and omega. Be
Ginning and the end and I swear that she will save ya
Spent 3 grand up on my system just hear the beat
Bumping in my truck but the feeling? Priceless
Bleeding through my heart my thoughts filled with rhythm
Screaming through my pen my syllables is biblical
Legendary genre, hip hop, I love ya
Got
Love for all music but nothing else above ya
Without your history there is no history
Without your sound these people live miserably
You the only reason my name is David J
Hip hop I love you, what can I say

[Hook X4: MC David J]
Nobody but you and thats for real Hip
Hop. You the love of my life and thats for real

[Outro: MC David J]
Hip Hop, yo, Hip Hop, I love you. You know what Im saying. You got me through all this times. You was the only one and that's from the heart. Hip Hop I love you. Its David J, yea its David J