[Intro: Primere]
It's Primere
Yo, B.Truthful
Check it...

[Verse 1: Primere]
Uh, I've been on the run. The Devil's chasing me, he's got a gun
Tryna kill my dreams off because God said I'm the one
Born prophet, mother begs me to read the Bible
It's the book of life to her, but my faith is my survival
I believe. I set my goals and I achieve
But I don't forget to thank God for all that I receive (Thank you, thank you so much)
For my atheists, let me lead the way and be the proof
I would never lie to you, God damn it I'm the truth
B.Truthful for life, that's the motto
Shooting facts at your dome like a semi-auto
Listen to my words, I may not be here tomorrow
God told me, "Do your thing little homie, 'cause your life is only borrowed
Ima need it back. Better watch how you act
Ima send you down with Satan if you're hating, best relax
Use your tracks and your skills for well
Your soul belongs to me little homie, better watch your sells..."
Damn, I heard that. I got it
Wise words from a young man make a profit
Morals over religion my brother what's wrong from good?
I'd rather save a few lives of those misunderstood
Than be posted in the hood, strapped up
Shooting enemigas if they ever act up
Chillest man on earth, man I'll never act tough
I'm just throwing up my T for the city (T's up!)  'cause I show it mad love (that's right!)
That's right. Happiness forever is a must
Every year, month, week, day it gets harder to trust
The Devil's coming after me. I know it and I see it
Don't believe it homie, but he's tryna rip me into pieces
Jesus, God, and the Holy Spirit on my side
Represent Tujunga, B.Truthful, and Brown Pride
For life. Homie, my missions will never fade
I got shit on my mind, like how the fuck to get paid (How?)
If rap don’t help me out, then I don’t know what to do (Nah)
I don’t want to go to college, I don’t know what to say (Fuck)
Mom expected more, she’s happier than before
But we won’t be satisfied with just mopping a floor
Nah
We won't be satisfied with just mopping a floor, yeah

[Outro: Primere]
It's B.Truthful for life