[First Verse]
This one goes to out all warriors fightin' a silent war
Battlin' 'gainst the system to live for their for
They don't know what you 'bout cause they own heart they ignore
Some choose to move most don't when we yell fore
If you truly believe in your dreams the Universe supports
But it will test you out to the very core
Those who fight to the end be rare to find like a clover of four
Do you brave the storm of life or merely exist on the shore?
Shout out to Hunter, life's a teacher I'm a learner
From him I was taught to go out with a bang not a murmur
But see here my bang is a different thang
And that is to bleed hope in the world
'til death that will change now
We warriors of life don't give up on your dreams
With our visions and actions we lighthouses
That help others find their way by shinin' our beam
What Lorde said intensity amplifies when we're on each other's team
Trust me when I say this I know how ya feel
I'm goin' thu it myself, same battle but on a differrent field
Still, love and hope helps us up when hopeless it seems
We are warriors fightin' this silent war for our dreams

[Chorus: Brianti]
Life goes onnn
It's your unsung song.... ayee yeah
Life goes onnn
It's your unsung song.... ayee yeah

[Second Verse]
I know how hard it is to be strong when everyone else around you is doin' wrong
Sometimes their shouts seem to drown out my song
But herein lies the rub, hits like a stimulant drug
The shit comes back thrice as strong when I sweep it under the rug
Psychologically spiritually physically honestly
I learn this by having scars all over a part of me
Though it seems people never do listen
'til times comes their metaphorical ass-whippin'
On-their-face-trippin'
In-pool-of-regret-skinny dippin'
Body-beat-up-to-a-pulp-butt-kickin'
Can-of-whoop-ass-drinkin', whatchu thinkin'?
On a second note it don't matta' whatchu think but you do
Call me cheesy I don't care just as long as I spit the truth
Your own life to live ain't no one can tell you what to do
Just showin' you anotha view but ultimately it's up to you
To make the choice when the moment comes
With your song will you hum or will you shun?
Yeah, ask yourself
[Chorus]
Life goes onnnn
No matter what's thrown at ya walk on my brother this your
It's your unsung song....
Respect to Hugh Thompson Jr
Life goes onnnn
No matter what's thrown at ya walk on my sister this your
It's your unsung song....
Shout outs to Glenn Andreotta and Lawrence Colburn

[Third Verse]
Third verse dedicated to all single mamas and papas
Who made the sacrafice to raise children on their own
Tryin' their best even when the other hand was gone
And help was outta sight still they did not hesitate to fight
Anything that threatened their child's life
Amongst strife stayed loyal to what was right against all odds
Stood with, then became God, different forms
But deep down to the very core the same poem
Become alone then you know 'em
Children knew nothing but everything you showed 'em
The most important job in the world and you do it selflessly that's golden
Times may be discouragin' but let this song embolden
Let the cards fall where they may
Stress at bay when you try to Texas hold 'em
Though I'm not in your shoes and don't go thu all the things you did
Understand it's love forever | never are small deeds never big
Single moms and pops this one's for you
Unsung glory for the world would be nothing if it weren't for you

[Chorus]
Life goes onnnn
No matta what's thrown at cha walk on my brother this your
It's your unsung song....
Shout out to you momma! Yeah!
Life goes onnnn
No matta what's thrown at cha walk on my sister this your
It's your unsung song....
Words can't express my love and gratitude for all the things you did, and still do...