[Verse 1: Big Pooh]
What up brown skin, your body smellin' like cinnamon
Hair in a bun, your toes done so feminine
Heard you suck your teeth like, oh no here we go again
Let me get your name so I can be more genuine
No need to front, the kid knows you got many friends
Many mens who waitin' to stake a claim on it
Put they name down just to spit some game on it
But fuck friends I'm tryna set the mood
You know, go at you hard like most records that's sold
Spit propaganda at you to you break down and fold
You look confused miss thing like I'm speakin' in code
76-64 press pound hello
Are you listenin' now? Did I get your attention?
Undivided? Because you used to be undecided
Now you looking fluxed like those chicks with they nose stuck up
Just put your number down girl what the fuck

[Refrain: Phonte]
Hey yo that's alright girl, whatever you say
Whatever you say, whatever you say
Yo that's alright girl, whatever you say
Whatever you say, whatever you say
Don't worry bout it girl, whatever you say
Whatever you say, whatever you say
Ok alright, whatever you say
Whatever you say, whatever you say

[Verse 2: Phonte]
Ayo, I usually play the background
You know clean cut, soft spoken, well dressed
Dipped out straight chillin', when I'm in the club, yo
Sippin' the Sprite with the ill lemon mixed in it
Sippin' on it I was just chillin', til I saw you
That's when my heart stopped, knees gave
Head sweatin', jaws locked, I was sweating you
Like goddamn, girl, you got a nigga going buckwild
Mesmerized, starstruck, I was thinking maybe we can go out
Like to the movies or the Applebees, Blockbuster, state fair
But you looked at me and said, "Fuck that!
You just a herb with no money and no Jeep and no condo
And I thought that Little Brother had a record deal"
Ok I see where you going now, wanna sweat a nigga
When you think he got a cash advance
And some personal time but fuck that
I got your head still bobbin' and my verse didn't rhyme
So it's whatever girl

[Refrain: Phonte]
Hey yo that's alright girl, whatever you say
Whatever you say, whatever you say
Yo that's alright girl, whatever you say
Whatever you say, whatever you say
Don't worry bout it girl, whatever you say
Whatever you say, whatever you say
Ok alright, whatever you say
Whatever you say, whatever you say

[Verse 3: Rapper Big Pooh & Phonte]
Check it so what I'm chubby, y'all chicks still love me
Like to rub on my tummy while I tell you somethin' funny
Whisper in your ear 'til them panties go fallin'
What's my name (Big Pooh) yea that's what she be callin'
Oh yea I know I'm husky but chicks still love me
3 o'clock still have they ass running to Waffle House fa me
Be feelin' on that ass till my name they be calling and shit
Get 'em so wet they make a Freudian slip
And fall down into my verbal abyss
That's straight Reservoir Dog style
Perfecto, served with a kiss
Mwah, baby, it's just like this no need to fight it
Invite it try me out you just might like it
American pie shit try anything out once
Forever stained your memory like white shirts and punch
I get the hunch that a nigga's on your menu
Do me a favor girl, come check me at the next venue

[Outro: Rapper Big Pooh, Phonte, & Both]
Hey yo Big Pooh check this out
You go to your girls' house and I'm a go to mine
Cause I know my girl is definitely mad
Cause it took us too long to do this album
Yo I hear what you saying
Let's just pump the music up and count our money
Hey you well check this out
Yo 9th turn the bass down and
Just let the beat keep on rockin
And we out of here
Yo what happened to "peace"?
Peace!

[RADIO SKIT]

WJLR! Bam! The Future of Hip-Hop Music!

Big Doe: Aww, yeah! I know you pissed off stuck in traffic right now. You're tuned into the 5 O'Clock Joyride with ya main man, Big Doe, on WLJR, Justus League Radio, with the finest underground hip-hop. Ayy, right now, it's time for the Wuestion of the Week, sponsored by my man out in the hotskee North Carolina, Roy Lee, with Roy Lee's Records and Tapes. Ayy, on the real, on y'all hot, right now, MCs need to holla at him, 'cause he got them beats.

Big Doe: And the question right here is from my man Charlie Mack from Winston-Salem, North Carolina. He writes, "What up, 9th? Heard the album is dope! Looking forward to hearing more from you and Little Brother, and Justus League. My question is, since your name is out there in the street, what's that you hate the most about the rap game? Peace, Charlie Mack. Holla at y'all after the show at The Hideaway."

Big Doe: But check it out, Charlie Mack! Gon' get your response right now from 9th Wonder. Let's take a Joyride out the ride.

9th Wonder: Hello?

Big Doe: 'Sup, 9th?

9th Wonder: Yo, Big Doe, what's the deal, man? Ayo, what's going on down there, man?

Big Doe: Ayy, man, you know it's that time of the week. It's the Question of the Week. My man Charlie Mack wrote up to you from Winston-Salem...

9th Wonder: Oh, aight...

Big Doe: And he wanted to ask you, yo, man, what you hate about the rap game now that you on?

9th Wonder: Man... The rap game, man. It's cats coming up to me all the time, man. I'm tryna be in the club with Little Brother and the Justus League. Man, everywhere I go, it's cats out there going, "9th, gimme a beat, man! Gimme a beat!" What's the deal with that, man? You can't live? You come in the studio, man, you have your thing together? It ain't have no hook, no nothing, man.