[Verse 1: MC David J]
Most incredible credible heterosexual
Put me on a pedestal i'm better than the federal I
Am the most intelligent I only spit the simple when I
Make my tongue tickle dimples making riddles edible
(Whoops whoops) I am ahead of you in anything available
Pedal to the medal fire coming from my pencil
Lyrically fresh you better get up on my level unde
Niable reliable plus god is in my temple now
Ima keep it chill know the deal and whats real. Dog
David super man like mr man of steel I
Kick it like Bruce Lee, chi at the maximum
Super dope beats bring em to me and im thrashin' em
Whoops whoops whoops whoop ass steady on madden. And
Man I stay fly flying carpets like Aladdin
Polo collar, polo watch polo is the fashion and i'm
Steady always killin' em cause its a celebration

[Hook: MC David J]
Get them hands up high, high to the sky
Keep it super chill 25/8 fly
Get em
High high high high high high high high
Said dog you know the deal, all day keep it real
Whoops whoops don't trip super dope I keep it chill so get em
High high high high high high high high

[Verse 2: MC David J]
I will devour you, digest you then exclude you from my
System quicker than anybody would ever notice you
Lyrically I am the truth and hip hop yes its what I do
Spirit always bullet proof yo ears are never fire proof cuz
You are now in-tuned to the fire spitta mr
Hundred grand hitta eat yo girl for dinner. The Modern
Day Hitler killa undeniably master splinter And
Yes I do yo sista so take a family picture
Whoops whoops whoops feeling fresh i'm the best. Never
Ever try to test professor student heres yo lesson bobbin
My head from side to side and top to bottom. If you
Got a problem then I got the answers to solve em I am the
Generation Messiah. Nobody else is higher. 'Cept
Christ and the light I am yo desire
Mind body spirit you control? I possess. Said I
Never ever fail look at all my success

[Hook: MC David J]
Get them hands up high, high to the sky
Keep it super chill 25/8 fly
Get em
High high high high high high high high
Said dog you know the deal, all day keep it real
Whoops whoops don't trip super dope I keep it chill so get em
High high high high high high high high

[Outro: MC David J]
And you are now in-tuned to the chill. Its David J