It’s Gunz. Shout to my BK niggas
Shmurda what up nigga? Let’s get it
Cory, he some hot nigga
They caught me with the Taurus not the Glock nigga
Yall niggas too loud feds watch niggas
Find me with me blazers bussin shots nigga
Ain’t nothin open for you but the shop nigga
We get jiggy bussin jugs bussin chops nigga
Got some niggas doin life doing shop nigga
They be shooting at the cops nigga
Free Teezy ho, free my nigga Scat, Free fleezy yo
You know we countin up when yall back out
And if she on da flow Imma go in dat mouuuuuth
You stupid if you think you got me slippin boy
Ask about me I be grippin boy!
Scorin Michael Jordan, Scottie Pippen boy
You could keep the ho, I’m bout this chicken boy!
AK47 at your squadron. You be quick to give me to the sergeant
I do the shmoney dance and I dodge itttttt
Then I pistol-whip you like the chargers
I feel like a hundred thousand million. A project of the section 8 I’m really in
Put on the plate, you chow now. Fresh out the box, take a towel blow down, POW!
No pause either cuz he strapped now. Breeze movin P’s out the trap now
I told my nigga Charlie “yo I’mma turn it up”. Don’t need a hunnit niggas just a couple real as us
Bitch. I’m a thug nigga. Razors blades, with those in the club nigga
If it ain’t a pistol, it’s a snub nigga. Whoever got a issue it’s a dub nigga
Drinked out and I’m ridin out wit yo bitch
Walking my hater straight to that frank stand
They don’t gotta bump, my shit talkin cause that strap to go break dance. Like a bad deal, I’m rip off em. Bitch stop it put yo face on yo bitch chest like it’s a locket
Got an extra shell in my fifth pocket for the seventh nigga that shit poppin
Young Money that shit poppin, yo shit droppin, yo shit floppin
No bullshit. I don’t talk feelings; with kindness I make soft killings
That last single I was on really sold 3.5, 4 milli. Like take that pop bang, no payback don’t play with me. Google me, I’m hot nigga, that 9 milla stay with me
So dead that, ass back. You’ll die if I don’t get that bread back, too tired for that bed nap, well I’m getting high as that head crack
These niggas ain’t got no style, running round on my old swag
That’s so bad, y’all throw this shit like y’all run around with my whole bag. Got one thing clear bout Gunna, hear a fucking thing bout Gunna. (I air nut sling mouth runnin like shots into they outcomers nigga!)