[Intro: Uncle Murda]
Ha ha, go!
Brooklyn, MGM
East New York

[Verse 1: Uncle Murda]
Lamborghinis, Ferraris, Maserati, Bugattis
Bimmers, Benzs and Bentleys, Benjis on top of Benjis
This kush got my eyes low like I'm from Hong Kong
Chicks around me with no bras and no thongs on
Chains, watches and bracelets, Ciroc by the cases
We smack niggas in the face with stacks of big faces
Niggas ain't on our level, bury 'em, get the shovel
Flow so hot, niggas think I'm related to the devil
All of my jewelry heavy, none of my jewelry hollow
My hoodrat chick teaching my model chick how to swallow
I'm about a dollar, if I ain't chasing a dollar
I'm lickin' and trickin' on some trick who head game is proper
I'm strapped with the choppa, get you fucked up by the coppas
Slug tearing through his vest, now he gotta go see a doctor
Homie, show me the money, or show me a stripper
Who could do something I never seen before and I'll tip her, ay

[Hook: Uncle Murda]
I'm on a paper chase, I'm running to the money
Go! Go! Go! I'm running to the money
I'm on a paper chase, I'm running to the money
Go! Go! Go! I'm running to the money

[Post-Hook: Uncle Murda]
Go! Go! Go! I'm about a dolla
Go! Go! Go! Shorty, you should holla
Go! Go! Go! I'm about a dolla
Go! Go! Go! Shorty, you should holla

[Verse 2: Uncle Murda]
Lamborghinis, Ferraris, Maserati, Bugattis
Bimmers, Benzs and Bentleys, Benjis on top of Benjis
Money, power, respect, I respect money is power
The government full of shit, they helping us move this powder
How you think we get it? Homie, they help us get it
Sit back and watch us live it, then send us to prison
Even when we go to jail, they get paid, it's big business
We ain't nothing but a number, homie, a bunch of digits
Police, lawyers and judges, I hate them mofuckas
They ain't really here to help us, their whole purpose is to fuck us
Dope, big cocaina, fo' fifths and ninas
Fell in the cases, I beat them shits like they was misdemeanors
Models, hoes and divas, Lisa carry Sabrina
Would've cut my chick off tour and got married to Alisha
Twenties on top of fifties, fifties on top of hunnids
We gon' shop when we get there, we don't fly with luggage, oh

[Hook: Uncle Murda]
I'm on a paper chase, I'm running to the money
Go! Go! Go! I'm running to the money
I'm on a paper chase, I'm running to the money
Go! Go! Go! I'm running to the money

[Post-Hook: Uncle Murda]
Go! Go! Go! I'm about a dolla
Go! Go! Go! Shorty, you should holla
Go! Go! Go! I'm about a dolla
Go! Go! Go! Shorty, you should holla

[Verse 3: Cory Gunz]
Murda, point 'em out and I chop a brethren in half
For you, I drag 'em from Fordham to [?] Ave
These niggas ain't got the shits they teeth do talk
New spot, new lots, nigga, this East New York
South BX Zoo, ooh, nigga we on
Never too cool to die, ooh, nigga we chillin'
Uncle Murda, Uncle Murda, who is these niggas grillin'?
Heard he leaking to the [?], ooh, niggas be spillin'
I was on one, two, and through another pair
We had to cook his waffle, he couldn't hold his syrup
We fare rare, never scared, say a prayer, spray a flare
Hear his fourth in July on 4th of July, every year
I be out, everywhere, heavy gear, never there
Bloody bear, aim for them teddy bears, ready? Here
I don't [?], you gon' sit on the Medicare
Motherfucking rascal, Medicare, Betty here
Gunz mob through any hood in the fuckin' tri-state
NY state, high state, fly state, yeah, I skate
[?], from y'all space, hear what I say
Next pause I play Flex, get your top eight
Pa-pa-pause again