[Hook: Lil Twist]
We ain't playin' with these niggas, we just goin' at they necks (x3)
Where's my paper? Where's my checks?
Whip the shit good, all my niggas pyrex

[Verse 1: Lil Twist]
Papa taught me well, mama pots on the stove
Told me whip the shit good, and don't touch it till it's bold
I remember being a youngin, like seven years old
Jumped off the porch early, them block corners got cold
Listen to me, all this money in my sock
Young Money, watching pops serve the block
And I ain't saying that I moved the rock
I'm just saying that I learned a lot
Like how to clean up and load a Glock
Or how to sit in the car and watch the clock
And bird call if I see the cops
Y'all ain't hearing me though but fearing me though
In this black suburban bumpin' The L.O.X
Like here I come, ready or not, ah!
"Where you goin'?" On my way to the top
Mothafucka, I'm just building a knot, off Hen and Ciroc
Bandana round my head like Pac
My whole team strapped up like S.W.A.T
I wish you would think this shit was a prop
Reload, click clack, pow pow
I'll shoot this bitch till it stop on my YG shit
Out in L.A. with tree top, Blood
Still serving that Pete Rock, ugh
We got guns that go biggity-biggity like a Doug E. Fresh beatbox
Put ya flick on your shirt and ya brain in a meat shop
(Ugh, now let that marinate, bitch)
Talking flatlining, no soul like Rozay and Reebok
This is real as it get when I'm goin' at they neck, muhfucka

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Cory Gunz]
We pitch ya string like Ricky
Crotona Park, put him in the lake like Ricky
Rob a nigga for kicks, leave ya chick
Assed out over some J's like Nicki
My bitch coffee, I got a lotta Coolatta
She watch kids but I'm not a new dada
I am not a new dollar - for your sake, just know
I wouldn't give two fucks, I'm not a koala
Who wanna [?] through the [?]
The Gala [?] murder tr-ain and tr-ack
And follow his parlor, then I'm right up beside her
Beside her, [?], [?] the vert
Then from the vert the fire the other side because I got OCD
A lotta niggas think they do but don't nobody really know CG
I keep it ghostly, G, thinking it's cool, tryn' approach me, G
I'll leave a nigga with a toasty tee
Battery and your battle need a charge
Hopefully, you got a life like [?]
My flow re-re, you ain't on the shit that Cory read
Like I don't even let the story breathe, I kill 'em all Twizzy
Anybody fuck with you, my bullets they will all receive
Because if Cor get teased, it's corporate fees
The [?] get squeezed, this coffins pleads in court TV
We at they motherfuckin' neck
Same goes to anybody on they fuckin' set
Tryin' anybody in my fuckin' set
Fuck you think Tune put me down for? - to motherfuckin' wreck
YMCMB, Militia Gang bang
Nigga, chang blang, thang rang, nigga, brain hang
Got your main on my dang-dang, playing sucka
I'mma snuff her if she give me wang fang
This shit ain't a game, mane

[Hook]