[Verse 1: Mark Steele]
Mark Steele I'mma play it like this
First off I'mma say it like this
See I, am like flies, why? It's simple I stay on my shit
Go 'head nigga picture that scrill
I'mma hit if I miss then that's it
'Lotta y'all wan' rap 'bout trappin'
But you actin' nigga stick to that script!
Y'all the type that I put on my list
Or the niggas in the game I'mma rip
I ain't sayin' no names just tryna get fame
Once a nigga hit Ming then that's it
Keep goin' I'mma spit 'til I'm sick
And ya girl put spit to my tip
That mean you better move her clit
Cause like pubic hair she gon' stick to my dick!
Huh, don't tempt me
See I moved up top but I represent NC, y'all envy
Cause a nig got 'Pac in his eyes and inside, is Biggie
My whole squad gon' ride for me yo
Cause we come from a city where they ride for the dough
And they die for the dough gettin' live for the dough
If you come through the bull I advise that you know!
That the niggas do kill
Damn it's a shame cause them niggas so grimy
But I'm just tryna get a deal
And to be frank I don't care who signs me
Cause either way I'mma blow
Runnin' LAPS! Around these niggas come time me
And to keep a G, a nigga can't E in this F'd up econ'my
So I came with a master plan
To max the fans and pack the stands 'bout rappin' man
Not actin' man and stack the grands and stack my hands
With as many damn stacks I can!
Man I gotta whole lot of styles
Rap E. nigga hold it down
Nigga know where we goin' now
In the studio and we smokin' on that loud...
And I blow it out...
Sped it up now it's time to slow it DOWN
Take one more puff and then I'm done
But before I put out that blunt
Pass it to my nigga Gunz, STEELE!

[Verse 2: Cory Gunz]
Yeah, I'm up in the cyph
Give me the light when I get to the cack
South Bronx nigga up in North Carolina
If he trip, I'mma lift and leave him lit up with that
I don't work shit out, I hit up a trap
Get up a stack get a bad bitch, hit up her back
I'm grown I don't stall on niggas that smack
My team ball strong ye ain't lift up a rack
And it be like that so...
Mu'fuckas need to heed the reason
And try to right jack bro I gotta nice ass flow
Nobody believe in free, I ain't never seen a price that low
I ain't what you want bitch, drama I ain't what you want with it
Y'all be on that dumb shit -- I be on my Gunz shit
Stupid mu'fuckas like y'all will think I be on a gunship
Got purp if you wan' sip ... psych!
Get ya own bitch you ain't puttin' on this
I told her we could date plus a bonus
What's the bonus? The bone is!
Mercy brack, you know where the zone is
Where the crooks and the blazers get on this
From where you shouldn't you get sprayed like cologne is
Hope when you finished what you sayin' like the phone is
What I mean is I dot all my 'i's
And I slide through my 't's a nine-five'a and
While they got V they got E they got juice they got Q's
They got P's they got G's
Based in the basics, fake niggas hate like a racist
Straight cause they ain't this...
Placed with the greats when I'm gracin' the stages
Mixtapes straight to the majors...
Flame like Liu Kang on the car peel
Chain like new cage but it's all real
I ain't never gotta tell my crew thangs
But some of you niggas won't shoot -- all's well
'Til they fittin' to spit it
But they kiddin' to kid it my niggas militant
Homie and teemin' to get it
Won't nobody owe me a pinch when I get my percentage
Y'all call it expenses this shit is a image...