Suga Free's verse :
Out of sight, outta' mind
Cause you haters be hating me, and i'm knowing your kind
But i ain't never met a hater like you
Tell me what do you see when you look at a mirror and it doesn't feel true
Every time i open my eye, Hate'n!
Every time i get fly, Hate!
When i do what i do, Hate'n!
Don't hate the player hate the game and the money made
Wait a minute y'all
I had to kick it thirty times and you still won't get it Hey!
To the break-break back-back down
A microphone, a kick, a product with Black Don

DJ Quik's chorus :
When she's lying on the phone
Urging you to leave your home
You better be careful, don't break your code now
When you sticking to the script, and she's urging you to hit
You better fight it, let's talk about it
Yeaaaaah
Inside out oh darling (in the background Suga Free says : oh! suga free!, wait a minute mh ah)
I want to be so deep that you believe in me
Inside out
Oh darling, yeaaaah

AMG's verse :
I met a girl in Martinique
Her's creole i can't hardly speak
She calling me all the time and she loving me long
She can be my baby mama if i keep her strong
Cause she got a booty like a birthday, happy
I be all up in her dugout, nappy
But on the plane right back to the USA
I be thinking about the bitch and everything she say
Like, do she really love me? do she really care?
One time player, full time brilliant there
Coul it be the carnie with chips
Or could it be the way i cook the hips, Huu!
Dippin' with my nigga 'Free
We compensate so reflect the "P"
He drives a cadill' and i drive a bentley
You want to know where i came from
Your daddy see me now
I'm trying to make my money double
So baby shake your ass
Cause your mouth will get you in trouble
And give me your "eeeh you make bean!"
Try me and it's all the same

DJ Quik's chorus :
When she's lying on the phone
Urging you to leave your home
You better be careful, don't break your code now
When you sticking to the script, and she's urging you to hit
You better fight it, let's talk about it
Wellllllllllllll
Inside out ,oh darling
I want to be so deep that you believe in me
Inside out ,oh darling yeaaaah

Suga free second verse :
Oh yeah i'm little drunk
Staring at this phone bill
And this is your son?
That little punk!
Baby get down, what you get mad at?
Cause we can be cool, now tell me where your cash at
But i ain't try to hit, no
And i'm far from a chick and a bitch had to argue
"and you ain't getting no "yick" and i
Never seen freak that wouldn't sell and i
Never want to break a fingernail and i
Never want to go against the grain so i'm (gonn)a regroup
From whoop-whoop and change my game
Wait a minute, let your last choice be 'Beezass 'Teezas (=big *** titties)
So we can win it now, y'all
Sometimes! (you) don't recognize game
Want to hit me cause i turn around and take her to the track
Man all i want to do is my thang, what! y'all
Who ain't! him, them, her, all y'all
Bada, get nasty, yeah game recognize game for sure
Y'all hihi, bada
Hihi ha haha! y'all bada
See, we real about this here man, game recognize game
Seth lamont in the house, AMG in the house
ABD in the house, DJ Quik make a dime in the house-ssup y'all?
Bada!