I know I must be outta town cuz uh... (where I come from)
Can't pull out no strap and dont bust (where I come from)
Hatas bust a rap and dont cuss (where I come from)
Gots ta understand the game code (where I come from)
Niggas be in full bang mode (where I come from)
Ain't no justice or no peace (where I come from)
Niggas won't be trustin police (where I come from)
People keep they mouth shut it simple ("where you from fool?")
The other dirty South (what) Central (where I come from)
Ballin if you crawlin on dubs (where I come from)
Niggas dont be fallin in love baby (where I come from)
And yo trick off cash in no rat (where I come from)
And u can get yo ass kicked for dat (where I come from)
Thats just the way it goes (where I come from)
Niggas dont be payin hoes baby (where I come from)
Women be havin no bruthas stuck (where I come from)
Niggas ain't givin a motherfuck!

I'm from the same place u from ain't no if and's or but's
("where you from fool?") from my mama's womb and my daddy nuts
Knock knock (whos there?) dont stop (oo yea nigga what)?
Shake dat thang (turn it up) make it bang (where I come from)

Hoes dont fuck with no broke niggas (where I come from)
Niggas dont fuck with no gold diggas (where I come from)
Other suckas be stressin em rats (where I come from)
No fuckas dont be dressin like dat (where I come from)
You imput if you pay you can touch (where I come from)
Cuz hookas doin way too much (where I come from)
I give positive feedback (where I come from)
Youu know I got dat weed sac (where I come from)
The courts won't let you go with 3 strikes (where I come from)
The Source won't give u mo' than 3 mics (where I come from)
No doubt we keep the shit hot with dirt (where I come from)
It's about the cheapest spot to get ur work (where I come from)
Betta learn ridges and burn nitches (where I come from)
Niggas earn riches and turn snitches (where I come from)
Gotta avoid the drama and the trap (where I come from)
Everybody in they mama tryin' to rap

I'm from the same place u from ain't no if and's or but's
("where you from fool?") from my mama's womb and my daddy nuts
Knock knock (whos there?) dont stop (oo yea nigga what)?
Shake dat thang (turn it up) make it bang (where I come from)

Jackers like to follow niggas home (where I come from)
Actin tough or get yo ass gone (where I come from)
Gotta have scrill just to get respected (where I come from)
Keepin it real make girls wanna get butt naked (where I come from)
Niggas dont get dressd up to goto no club (where I come from)
Them niggas still be all up in dat beachstyle dub (where I come from)
I gotta tell females hows it gon' be (where I come from)
Not trickin on hoes why they all out here trickin on me (where I come from)
We got to find the girls in best weather (where I come from)
We'd rule the world if we ever got together (where I come from)
If you black or brown use yo pride (where I come from)
My homeboyz luv to clown and lowride (where I come from)
If we goto the mountains, desert or the beach (where I come from)
Anything a nigga want its within reach (where I come from)
It can get scan'lous so I haveta warn ya (where you from)
Do it matter nigga Watts California (westside)

I'm from the same place u from ain't no if and's or but's
("where you from fool?") from my mama's womb and my daddy nuts
Knock knock (whos there?) dont stop (oo yea nigga what?)
Shake dat thang (turn it up) make it bang (where I come from)