[Verse 1]
Off the chain like Django. On your toes like tango
Rap so sweet, these niggas get mixed with mango
Take yo’ M-utha F-uckin’…
Slow flow—won't rush ours like Chris Tucker
Won’t cuff her. Don’t need her. I be the
New Joe Cool. No need for heat seekers

Who want dude? No pleas. Just please be gone
While I speak on—
Relax, put feet on
The track. No refunds
In fact, it’s free. Come
Sit back and breathe some
Relax. Just breathe, son

Inhale, then exhale
Repeat ‘til you believe it’s second nature
Then embrace it and just wait for what awaits
And as the pace starts to quicken
You’re soon aware that you’re living and you’ve been given the rhythm to function—
Strange sort of seduction

So take it the way that it comes to
You. You won’t regret it
But you might not even get it

[Hook]
Preme on the track, Dot with the pen;
Watch out, ‘cause them boys at it again
So come on

A-Dot rhyming, Preme quantizing
Fuck boys hate ‘cause they stars’ not rising
We know

[Verse 2]
It’s A-Dot—won’t be no confusing what I be doing with rap
It’s similar to what Preme be doing with tracks
So it’s actually symbiotic
Like Snoop and Dre with The Chronic
Or getting hooked on to phonics
The manic semantics couldn’t be deciphered by Mannix
I plan, plot and exam it
It’s hot—fuck it—so fan it
I hand it to you with pleasure
I do it because I’m better
But also because I love what it does
When you get a buzz it’s above being just words
It’s heard
Interpreted by the brain and processed;
Created in my image like God, but godless
Not saying I’m God. Let’s
Not play with the gods, just
I pray that it’s harmless
Just harder to digest

If you got it, you got fed. If you didn’t, just skip back
Got problems? Well, I said what I said, and I meant that
If you got it, you got fed. If you didn’t just skip back
But you might not even get it…

So, let me explain what I’m saying:
Since we can’t see God, we have to see It in us
If we’re made in That image, then That’s what
We perceive what we know to be true, and it’s abstract
God thinks, so we are. I rap, and that’s That
Now, back to creating life in the void
Where there’s no things:
Compare it to my voice, and the irony won’t seem that ironic
I mean, I speak, and it’s here, and you can feel it
But you might not even get it

[Hook]
Preme on the track, Dot with the pen;
Watch out, ‘cause them boys at it again
So come on

A-Dot rhyming, Preme quantizing
Fuck boys hate ‘cause they stars’ not rising
We know

[Verse 3]
They call me Preme—won't be no confusing what I be doing with loops
It’s similar to what Dilla do in the booth:
A symbiotic amalgam like Spike & Denzel in Malcolm, or maybe Mo’ Better Blues
I make it, I send it, he spazz on it. We never lose
The end result is immaculate lyrics and clever tunes
Together fused—we clever dudes
Give ‘em that Hip-Hop they never get to see
I put them letters together. Call me “Elemino-P”
So you can take yo’ G-od D-amnit
Wack flow and wack beats back to yo’ seat. Granted
You never plan on handin’ ‘em to Preme & Dilla—
Real killas licensed to ill, and specialize in leaving beats damaged

Flip that…
Let me switch the plot to a different topic
Niggas know how I give it up. I'm philanthropic

It's all a scheme. Rappers try’n’a cause a scene
Picture these peasants and coon niggas try’n’a serve me like I'm Paula Deen

It won’t happen. It’s all a dream. No Martin King
My mission is to live out them visions that Martin seen
Ain’t try’n’a entertain you niggas like a “Martin” scene
I’m just try’n’a live my life and find out what tomorrow brings

I’m Hannibal with this bars and schemes. Try to spar with Preme
I'll eat your liver with Chianti and some fava beans
Leave you lambs silent when it's time to spit it
Still, you might not even get it. Get it?

[Hook]
Preme on the track, Dot with the pen;
Watch out, ‘cause them boys at it again
So come on

A-Dot rhyming, Preme quantizing
Fuck boys hate ‘cause they stars’ not rising
We know