"[1: A.D. Carson]
They got me trapped. I’m only trying to do right
I’m driving. In my mirror, see the red, white and blue lights
And just have to consider as I pull off to the shoulder of the street
If I really broke any laws or if it’s more to do with me
Having the blood of a slave fueling the heart of a king
And the temperament to make sure that this officer sees
Me as a citizen, a denizen, ‘cause this is my home
No search and seizure—even believing when you’re in Rome
You live like Romans. When you’re American and you’re black
And try to exercise your rights you find a foot in your back—
That’s if you’re lucky. And if you’re not, you’re dead on the spot
That’s literal and a metaphor. The weather is hot
And you ain’t got much control. They want you sweating and scared

And that pistol that I got papers for that’s sitting right there
Inside the dash; I wonder if that’s ‘bout to ignite it
As the officer asks for registration, insurance and license

[Hook: Truth & Preme]
They got us trapped
Nah, they can’t keep the Black man down

Yo, Dilla, they got me trapped
Uh-uh, they can’t keep the Black man down

[2: Truth]
Rest in peace to Trayvon and Michael Brown
“We kill and get away. How you like us now?”
Is what they badge should say as they ride around
They took his breath away as they pried him down
“Let's give a ton of fame to the ones who banging …
Million dollar contracts and they can train ‘em
Yo, young’n move that dope. Nigga, stop complaining.”
Shooting up the block with improper aiming

Sometimes I feel like …
That Obama left us hanging
Inauguration, he said we changing
Instead I see discrimination
As I'm gaining
They rather work with people like them
I can't blame ‘em
Offices and in the streets
They restraining
Airing it on Fox TV instead of hangings

You smart, you probably let me go G
Or keep me cooped up in this ghetto and catch the Uzi

[Hook: Truth & Preme]
They got me trapped
Nah, they can’t keep the Black man down

They got us trapped
Uh-uh, they can't keep the Black man down."