[Prod. by Slauson Malone]

[Verse 1]
Check
I was told that if you dreamt it, it could happen. (It could happen.)
To each his own and keep your lenses on that ransom. (On that ransom.)
Now I see these broken fences, and I'm stagnant
I stay alone because my presence isn't granted
Hey... Let me exhale
'Bout to throw my life down at this next hill!
A part of me is cool the rest stress filled
I'm in this game and they be sayin' that you next still?
Shit, When do I get it?
I don't know man I've just been here for a minute
Rest easy to the Capital
Glad that 'chu invented the basis for the domination, now I'm tryin' to take this. (Take this!)
Brace before you, let go
I need to get it on my own
Forget it, I'll just probably be prevented and controlled!
Met us till the finish, I'll be sprintin' for my goal! Oh?
Yeah
I'm just tryin' vent slow but this grip won't hold

[Spoken]
Just decide! What it's gonna be, who you’re gonna be, how your gonna do it!
Just decide! And then from that point the universe is gonna get out 'cha way

[Verse 2]
Woke up in the mornin’ to my mama cryin'
That's enough to make me reconsider
Rappin' is this goal that I'd like to achieve, but I'm mindful that I'm just a beginner!
Ain't no racks that I could blow
Plaques that I could hang around, and hand me down that mic
So I could get a chance to make my family proud
Constant coughin' so this pressure built!
The pain don't kill but the pleasure heal?
Ain't that the moral, "What is life?"
Brace yourself, get a grip, for you space yourself
We all gonna fuck it up, but it's cool cause mistakes are gonna help you grow fine
Wise like I'm Asian, well
I feel my patience melt
Because my timer 'bout to click!
And I ain't got no payments dealt!
No arrangements held!
Only strain and this, heart felt pain that I can't even explain myself!
So if you wanna compete with a competitor, you'd better come, better be, cause I'ma come predator!
Got too much to gain and I ain't stoppin' just to settle for a piece
I want the pie, I wanna drive; whatever makes the drama rise!
Which I raise my Karma's eye
I'ma buy you a house, even if it ain't the largest size
Just know I tried, even if I fall before your warded eyes...
I guess I can't support, I came up short...

What 'chu doin' in a year from now?
What 'chu you doin' when those years run out?
What 'chu you doin' when those tears run out?
So me never let my tears come down
I'd just probably be prevented and controlled
Oh. (Oh.)

[Spoken]
I believe that I can create whatever I wanna to create. I feel very strongly that we are who we choose to be