[Hook]
I can't breathe... in this place...
I can't breathe... without your face
I can't breathe...
I need you here...

[Verse 1: Grieves]
We're all stars, patterns of circles around the nature
Substitute the journey with our unintended laughter
Detached from society, reality kills
And I should close all the windows while my sanity builds
We all planned to be real, but this what’s left up out the program
Dancing on the avenue with distorted hate and romance
It goes fast, and God will lead the way from hell
Living inside the world created feelings which I see in myself
But it told meet me after darkness, nah
And it told meet me and the end of what I've started
I hold strong gripping the facts of what I've given
Interests bringing my system to the rhythm
I'm swimming, but I don't feel the water all around me
All I hear is waves, crashing and pounding
I'm drowning, slowly I'm sinking into the future
Tide drags back in the past, therefore my views is
When skipping amongst the sewage we're giving the rods
So we're ripping apart the blueprint to living with God
Is its visual introduce me to all of my thoughts
Cause I could swear to y'all I saw it
Visions of happiness inside of object that's molding my dreams
I try to love life passionately holding my means
But it don't show what I see and it don't slow for the speed
And it don't know that it's me, my lips won't roll to the speech
It feels like lost in a world, that we were meant to be a part of
Member in the darkness from my second floor apartment
Like father love me and teach me and lead me with understanding
All I get is silence when I ask it about sadness
It's entrapment, those lackin interaction
Don't consider it lonely cause it has them in their passion
I'm impassioned, so the empty does excite me
It's just the thought of dying alone that's leaving me frightened
It's us

[Hook]
I can't breathe... in this place...
I can't breathe... without your face
I can't breathe... I need you in my place...
I need you... in my place...

[Verse 2: Grieves]
It's over, it has been, laughing at my resistance
You act as if me leaving this place is gon make a difference
I'm living and giving every effort to make this love build
Still I siting silence every morning till the sun fills
The cracks of aluminum shade above my window
I still feel your presence and smell it upon my pillow
So now what? Oh you want to let it go
You want to run into this sun and leave me shovelin snow
I'm not down with the fact that I can't see what lies ahead of me
Every moment closer brings another empty memory
Life is not a lesson if you never let it teach one
Been skipping class for so long that we don't feel we need one
I reach into my feelings, speak em so you can feel em
I leave an open mind too, but I think amongst the reruns
It's sad, ink upon the paper makes it better
Ink is on the paper, sin in every single letter
I'm a rhymer, a lover, another person to others
A thundercloud in the upturn of breaking this off
I try to take it to thought, put it back to what I'm livin in
And I feel like I'm a victim of this circle we spinnin in
Lust trapped around us and we feel it trying to break us
We feel it as it takes to our decisions trying to pray us
To break up, pause button in our relationship
To hold up, maybe I'll be back, but wouldn't wait for it
Game, not okay, it hurts my brain
It breaks my heart and every single thing I'm trying to maintain
But it's the same things breaking me down, making me step up
The same scenes raced in this town that makes me fed up
It hurts, and honestly I have to let you know this
And I don't give a damn if people laugh at me for showin it
It's real. It's a part of me that's part of you
It's a part of our surroundings and everything we do
It's love. Indescribable by any lyric
Undeniable feelings achieved to words and you seen it
And if you just don't need it right now, you need to tell me
So I can stop wasting my wishes inside this well, we
Fill with change, but it just seems to take the sense out
Ripples of reflection of the vision that we set out
I etch clouds, and try to simulate the purpose
I think about your reasons for leaving and how it hurts us
But helps it. But I don't understand what it is
I know I truly trust you, so I guess I'll cast my chips in
So get it, cross the distances to your happiness
Find the things you need, but never let them block the path you skip
I'll never forget you, I know you'll never forget me
I guess its true, the things you love most you got to set free
Set free, set free... Just gotta set it free...
Peace

[Hook]
I can't breathe... in this place...
I can't breathe... without your face
I can't breathe...
I need you here...