Verse 1: Yeah, I learned the game from pac and biggie, and they flow is resting. Back to dat like Im kendrick, beating Mc´s like wrestling. Back to dat like im sauce walka tryna get some credit. Back to dat like sauce tryna steal beats, I do not get it, woah! I really hope you ain´t trying to test me. Im spitting words like im jody maxwell in a spelling bee. Tryna keep my lyrics on a low. But don´t know how far I will go. I wanna see kid mcs go insane. When they see me they gonna have to switch lanes. When they see me, they mistake me for 2 chains. When they see me, my raps be giving them pains. I waited for a year for this shit to pop off. I´m ruthless, dissing Boomi in a dizzyingly scoff. And I´m not sure why all these kid Mcs are mad, but imma spit my lyrics so hard that they start to get sad. Ain´t got shit against dippa. Ain´t got shit against P-nut. Ain´ got shit against kaylee. But all them niggas think they spitting flow, they so crazy. Yeah. Baby kaylee got the jitter jitters. Yeah, she getting bullied by a real ass nigga. I´ḿ not the type of nigga that´ll diss like crazy. But shout out to north, kanye thats my real baby! MAKE SURE YOU TELL THAT NIGGA p-NUT! He should stick to acting, cause his rhymes suck. I dissed another one I dissed another one. You still ain´t did shit about the other one. Got these dissed going round, its back to back. Yeah. Oh its back to dat. Its disse from diss to diss to diss its back to dat. Yeah. Oh its back to dat. I don´t wanna hear about this ever again. Not even when they say avridor dissing a friend. Not even after rapping bout sanding hook with baby K. Not even after all me and baby had to say. Ohhhh. You need better lyrics. I didn´t wanna diss but I had to do it. Cause raps is the only thing I got to do and see what you do for lyrics is just a damn shame. Please, make sure that these rappers don´t snitch on me, please, make sure that these rappers don´t snitch on me, please tell me who these littles boy and girls doing, please, tell em that rap is something that they shouldn´t pursue in please! Somebody stop me. I´m dissing too much people, like its my shit. I´m telling you to stop, take a damn hint. Soon as they done, they gon cry, they gon, they gon ask if I to play they shit back to dat. Yeah, they want it back to dat, they gon ask if Imma play they shit back to dat. I took a break from streetz now its back to that, niggas