[Hook]
I love crazy bitches, that's my fuckin' problem
And yeah I like to fuck without a fuckin' condom
I love crazy bitches, that's my fuckin' problem
And yeah they always need me for their fuckin' problems
I love mad bitches, that's my fuckin' problem
They my bitches, I don't really know what else to call em
But findin somebody real is my fuckin' problem
Maybe you should all shut the fuck up with your fuckin' drama

[Verse 1]
Matter face, first verse ain't gonna freestyle
Fucking old bitches in Africa, goin senile
Heard they call it goin "Kle wild"
So wild, you wake up naked in a leaf pile
Right? Bad bitches is my forte
Don't really need a wingman, Will Forte
Baby when we gonna fuck?
This foreplay proves that our Lord plays with us, and forsakes
Alright fuck it, do it your way, that's cool
Mouth looking like a dead dog in a cesspool
Ass looking like you smuggling 99 luft balloons
Chest looking like you stuffing tissues in ya boobs!
Flat chest, flaccid, what I'm gonna do?
Yellow & Brown bitches, call em Number 1 and Number 2
Pussy is the canvas, paint something with my Number 2
Fucked her 'til she came art, clean up in Aisle 2!
It's a pun! Makin masterpieces with this bitches cum!
Lock her down and beat that beat that pussy up, fisticuffs
Bitch is always callin me like she missed a bluff
But everytime she calls I'm in the shower, what a coincidence...
All this shit she does gonna get her replaced
Told her stop, she didn't listen, bought that bitch a hearing aid
Dumb bitch said she was pregnant, cause she had a stomach ache
Say again, thought she was pregnant cause she had a stomach ache
What the fuck?

[Verse 2]
Hold up, bitches simmer down
Told her she was sexy, went and bought a wedding gown
Now she telling all her friends that we're getting married now
Said we're not, she cried a river, so I just let her drown
Kle Shay just the messenger
Crazy bitches doing crazy shit, I guess my lessons learned
Bitches think I wanna talk and shit, like Howard Stern
Like my boy Arab said, you best take a shower first
Stay in there, stay in there, get clean bitch
I'm the Bed recruiter, and you ain't make the team bitch
Don't even think about sending Goons after me bitch
I know your name's Shay, but you ain't comin after Kle bitch!
Fucking on the water bed, she seasick
She a horseface, call her Seabiscuit
Quit with your attachment, you look desperate
That's why I ain't spend no money on you, no need for a return on my investment
AHHH! Kle Shay's so majestic
Fuck them other nigga's, baby I am your best pick
Stirring Brown bitches, I guess you can call that Nesquik
Fucking 3 hoes, got me feeling so festive!
Sprinkling white shit on your face, asbestos
Babe I'm getting really tired of all your questions
I ain't afraid of an arrest bitch, I'll face a domestic
Turn your left eye Lisa Lopes, it's all about perspective

[Verse 3]
Oooh, I know you love it when I'm rappin' and
Talking 'bout my feelings like I'm really fucking passionate
Say I tripped and fell in love, like it's all an accident
Having real nigga's questioning if I'm masculine
Oh word, ain't heard the truth, baby I'm adamant
Gonna spoil you, buy you diamonds in a amulet
Make you forget about all your daddys abandonment
And your mom's disappointment that you were never a graduate
Fuck it I'm only talkin shit, spitting flatulent's
I really like your references, but I have better applicants
I told you I'm a Heel baby, that means antagonist
I'll fuck you cause you're Indian, then lock you in my cabinet
My fuckin' problem ain't my fucking problems, you my fucking problem
Face looking like something haunted
Halitosis, having ass
Halloween, put on a fucking mask
Nasty bitch!

[Hook]
I love crazy bitches, that's my fuckin problem
Fuck these Bates Motel bitches, I need to hit Ramada
I'm allergic to these bitches, like they cumming pollen
Said she wanted dessert, so I left her on an island
She be gnawing at the bit, like Lorena Bobbitt
Bout to send this fucking chick to the damn Asylum
I'm just sayin I'm frightened, I think I'm hearing sirens
I love that shit though, it's better than the fucking silence

[Outro]
Better than the fucking solace
You soulless bitch, swallow semen! It's full of souls
Is you really crazy, psycho-ish or insane?
You know this, but all the above okay with Kle Shay