1. Pretty Hurts (feat. Harvey Keitel)
(Joshua Coleman, Sia Furler, Beyoncé Knowles)
Produced by: Ammo for Prescription Songs and Beyoncé Knowles
Vocals produced by: Beyoncé Knowles
Recorded by: Stuart White at Kings Landing, Bridgehampton, NY and Jungle City Studios & Oven Studios, NYC
2nd engineering by: Ramon Rivas and Rob Suchechi
Intro Additional Synth and SFX by: Derek Dixie
Mastered by: James
Directed by: Melina Matsoukas

2. Ghost/Haunted
(BOOTS, Beyoncé Knowles)
Produced by: BOOTS and Beyoncé Knowles
Vocals produced by: Beyoncé Knowles
All instruments by: BOOTS
Additional drum programming by: Hit-Boy for Hit-Boy Music/Very Good Beats Inc
Background vocals performed by: BOOTS
Additional background vocals by: Kwane Wyatt
Directed by: Pierre Debusschere (Ghost) and Jonas Åkerlund (Haunted)

3. Drunk In Love (Feat. Jay Z)
(Beyoncé Knowles, Noes Fisher, Shawn Carter,  Andre Eric Proctor, Rasool Diaz, Brian Soko, T. Mosley, J. Harmon)
Produced by: Noah “Detail” Fisher, The Order For The Order Music, and Beyoncé Knowles
Additional production by: Timbaland for Timbaland Productions, Inc., Jerome Harmon for Bronze and Brainz/Timbaland Productions, BOOTS, and Andre Proctor
Vocals produced by: Beyoncé Knowles
All instruments by: BOOTS
Additional background vocals by: BOOTS
Directed by: Hype Williams

4. Blow
(Pharrell Williams, Beyoncé Knowles, James Fauntleroy, T. Mosley, J. Harmon, Justin Timberlake)
Produced by: Pharrell Williams and Beyoncé Knowles
Co-produced by: Timbaland for Timbaland Productions, Inc. and Jerome Harmon for Bronze and Brainz/Timbaland Productions
Vocals produced by: Beyoncé Knowles
Background vocals by: Pharrell Williams and Timbaland
Horns by: Katty Rodriguez, Adison Evans and Crystal Torres
Horns arranged by: Derek Dixie
Directed by: Hype Williams

5. No Angel
(Caroline Polachek, Beyoncé Knowles)
Produced by: Caroline Polachek and Beyoncé Knowles
Co-produced by: Patrick Wimberly and James Fauntleroy
Vocals produced by: Beyoncé Knowles
Additional production by: BOOTS
Synths and drum programming by: Caroline Polachek
Directed by: @LilInternet

6. Yoncé/Partition
(Beyoncé Knowles, Terius Nash, Justin Timberlake, T. Mosley, J. Harmon, Dwane Weir)
Produced by: Timbaland for Timbaland Productions, Inc., Jerome Harmon for Bronze and Brainz/Timbaland Productions, Justin Timberlake, Beyoncé Knowles and Key Wane
Vocals produced by: Beyoncé Knowles
Additional production by: Mike Dean #MWA for Dean’s List Productions and BOOTS
Background vocals by: Justin Timberlake and The-Dream
Additional synth sounds by: Niles Hollowell-Dhar of The Cataracs and Derek Dixie
Spoken words recording by: Hajiba Fahmy
Directed by: Ricky Saiz (Yoncé) and Jake Nava (Partition)

7. Jealous
(Noel Fisher, Beyoncé Knowles, Andre Eric Proctor, Rasool Diaz, Brian Soko, Boots)
Produced by: Noah “Detail” Fisher and Beyoncé Knowles
Vocals produced by: Beyoncé Knowles
Additional production by: BOOTS, Hit-Boy for Hit-Boy Music/Very Good Beats Inc., and Andre Proctor
Background vocals by: BOOTS
Instruments played by: BOOTS
Directed by: Beyoncé, Francesco Carrozzini, Todd Tourso

8. Rocket
(Miguel Jontel Pimento, Beyoncé Knowles, Justin Timberlake, T. Mosley, J. Harmon)
Produced by: Timbaland for Timbaland Productions, Inc and Beyoncé Knowles
Co-produced by: Jerome Harmon for Bronze and Brainz/Timbaland Productions
Vocals produced by: Beyoncé Knowles
Background vocals by: Justin Timberlake
Guitar by: Mike Scott
Bass by: Dwayne Wright
Directed by: Beyoncé, Ed Burke and Bill Kirstein

9. Mine (Feat. Drake)
(Noah shebib, Aubrey Drake Graham, Beyoncé Knowles, Jordan Kenneth Cooke Ullman, Sidney “Omen” Brown)
Produced by: Noah “40” Shebib for Evdon Music, Inc and Beyoncé Knowles
Additional production by: Majid Jordan and Sidney “Omen” Brown
Vocals produced by: Beyoncé Knowles
Additional drum programming by: Omen
Intro keys and intro programming by: Key Wane
Directed by: Pierre Debusschere

10. XO
(Ryan Tedder, Terius Nash, Beyoncé Knowles)
Produced by: Ryan Tedder, Terius Nash and Beyoncé Knowles
Additional production by: Hit-Boy for Hit-Boy Music/Very Good Beats, Inc
Vocals produced by: Beyoncé Knowles
All instruments and programming by: Ryan Tedder
Additional piano by: The-Dream
Background vocals by: Ryan Tedder and The-Dream
Directed by: Terry Richardson

11. ***Flawless
(Beyoncé Knowles, Terius Nash, Chauncey Hollis, Rey Reel)
Produced by: Hit-Boy for Hit-Boy Music/Very Good Beats, Inc and Beyoncé Knowles
Co-produced by: Rey Reel
Vocals produced by: Beyoncé Knowles
Additional production by: BOOTS
Additional arranging by: BOOTS
“We Should All Be Feminists” courtesy of Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie
Star Search courtesy of CBS television, the Ed McMahon estate
Directed by: Jake Nava

12. Superpower (feat. Frank Ocean)
(Pharrell Williams, Frank Ocean, Beyoncé Knowles)
Produced by: Pharrell Williams and Beyoncé Knowles
Vocals produced by: Beyoncé Knowles
Additional production by: BOOTS
Background vocals by: Kelly Rowland, Michelle Williams, Stefan Skarbek and BOOTS
Violins arranged and performed by: Margot
Directed by: Jonas Åkerlund

13. Heaven
(Boots, Beyoncé Knowles)
Produced by: Boots and Beyoncé Knowles
Vocals produced by: Beyoncé Knowles
All instruments by: BOOTS
“The Lord’s Prayer” recited by Melissa Vargas
Directed by: Beyoncé, Todd Tourso

14. Blue
(Boots, Beyoncé Knowles)
Produced by: Boots and Beyoncé Knowles
Vocals produced by: Beyoncé Knowles
Piano, drums, guitar, keyboards played by: BOOTS
Live drums played by: Steven Wolf
Violins arranged and performed by: Margot
Additional vocals by: B.I.C
Directed by: Beyoncé, Ed Burke, Bill Kirstein

15. Grown Woman
(T. Mosley, Kelly Sheehan, Beyoncé Knowles, Terius Nash, C. Godbey, J. Harmon, D. Pearson, Garland Mosley)
Produced by: Timbaland for Timbaland Productions
Co-produced by: Jerome Harmon for Bronze and Brainz/Timbaland Productions and DP for Electriqcity Music
Directed by: Jake Nava

A&R: Teresa Labarbera-Whites
A&R Coordinator: Sharon Cuellar