[Intro]
Dont ever let nobody doupt you..shorty you can tell em that i got you
..shit 's serious,we ain't playin...you 'll see..

VERSE 1

She says she wanna meet up,im like fo real?
Time schedule full - cuz fool i keep it trill
Hustle 24/7 why you mad?
Workin to obtain all that shit i never had
Last night she asked me how could i be so cold
Told her..''when momma left me i was 5 years old''
No judgin,how could i judge?i love her,how could i diss her?
Women i respect. Mom & my two sisters
No handouts i did this shit on my own
18 but boy,has your boy grown
Told me she love me,i told her i feel nothin
Must be the reason she leaves when we 're done fuckin
Never sober,bunch o' liquids in my vains
Fuck your cuddles & kisses i can't feel my face
Ex callin,sayin she can't replace me
I know right..i guess these other niggas ain't me
Fuck a bitch that's tryin to play me
Last night i really fucked a bitch that tried to play me!
Gettin paid,winning..can't afford to lose
Niggas say they feel me,couldn't walk in my shoes
Shit!...i can hear the haters talkin
Guess rapper translates to uneducated black man
Goin crazy,voiceless,hearin voices
So yeah..i guess i have no more career choices

[Hook]
No wedding ring,its the game that im married to
Presidential suite,top floor,clear view
It all came so fast
Champagne for breakfast

VERSE 2
Damn,i guess life s a game o' chess
Kill your king nigga,i got to be the best
Been around the world like a globetrotter
But i remember winters showerin with cold water!
Niggas can't tell me nothin!
Always on the grind,cuz i wanna be somethin
Shades in my hotel room (faded)
Tell me what you really want (name it)
Shortie fine,wanna fly away with me
Singin she 'll always love me,i think that girl Whitney
I ain't interested in playin silly games
Never forgot my city,no Lebron James!
Funny how shit changes in a year
That ain't the same person back then right here
And the po-po know us from what we smokin on
Eyes shut,you would think that we from Tokyo!
Fuck boy!you think that you funny boy?
No i ain't your boy,pretty boy - swagger boy
Your bitch a groupie,told her get off my dick
She thought if she suck it imma put her in my clip
Fuck em!only care about my team
Its mutual,my team care about me & support my dream
Poppin bottles,niggas think we made it
Just started,they trippin,we all faded

[Hook]
No wedding ring,its the game that im married to
Presidential suite,top floor,clear view
It all came so fast
Champagne for breakfast