D.C One hunnit!

Ugh! No false rap I’m keeping shit real
Charged up With my chemical mind state
Man it’s all real
Thanks for your support but it’s my pay check
Now they check, I’m getting  Checks! Ugh
Dreams of living life how rappers do
Tryna’ put diamonds on my mama’s neck
It was a dream, when I was on fourth deck
Cryin’ – Failed some exams, but she believed in me
Her words like beef tea to my ill mind
Thanks Maa! For everything I’m keeping shit one hunnid
My name is being listed in PK’s (Pakistan) best rappers
I’m cutting records ugh!
Hatters wanna cut me, they hate to see me going up
I’m growin’ up , Every night in studio Mama Saying Put your ass on work, Ali
You know I can’t , I gotta do it , to straight things up I gotta do it right
Lately, My pen is running out of ink, but no worries
I Write rhymes in my brain too
School kicked me out said I’m a loser
Now they calling home like my ex bitch
Please come to Us! (right, hah)
This shit funny ain’t it? But that’s how it goes
Not in my intentions to Diss Kumail, But fuck it he’s a hoe
I don’t lie, My bestie know, so here we go
Stop givin' me idea’s  about Project’s
I don’t know Zarray, Maybe She Knows, D
But why should I diss her?  When She ain’t really on my lane
I don’t lie like you people do, I like to keep everything One hunnid
You can hate on me for being realist and this kind of shit won’t affect me
You ain’t a friend , but another topic when I step in the booth and spit fire
I desire, We’re on a ride you high through weed and I’m sky high like an Angel
You know the difference, Same breeds but different hearts
I know it hurts, But I got an Beautiful nurse
And that ain’t just a rhyme you really know her
I’d rather be hated for talking shit then to be faking lies
I don’t care this kind of shit, nah!
Lately, Whole Mangla Is hatting on me
Shahnil be telling lies, but I never do hit used bitches
I got standards I’m not a pander,ugh!
Yeah

(Bridge/Break)

[Verse 02]
My pocket money is double of your father’s salary
But still I can’t afford shit , ridin’ on 81’ bike Mama Dislike
But it feels like Greenwich
Life is crazy ain’t it? And I’m late night thinking about myself what I’m gon’ do
With Lays and bottle of dew
Have to put my life on a skew and hew
Penetrate the Pain and you’ll see better you
That’s why daddy said, aaaan!
These niggas tryna’ lock up half of my crew
But I guarantee I won’t let you do, Right
We on a same ride, you high through weed
And I’m sky high like an Angel . No Smoke
No Smoke Bitch, I’m Charged Up!