[Intro: Jhene Aiko]
What's up? Been a minute since we kicked it, you've been caught up
With them bitches, I don't get it, you're a star love
You shouldn't have to deal with that
I'd never make you feel like that, cause...

[Hook: Jhene Aiko]
I love me, I love me enough for the both of us
That's why you trust me, I know you been through more than most of us
So what are you? What are you, what are you so afraid of?
Darling you, you give but you cannot take love

[Verse One: YoungAmz]
Come on girl, me and you can flow tonight, there's enough space cause the oceans wide
Just take a step back and relax your mind, I'll promise, everything will be alright
I remember them days you said that you miss me, all the times you said you wanna' kiss me
But i guess all that shit is just history, now i'm in a flat on my ones gettin' tipsy
If i could then i wish that i can see her, beautiful face, peng lighty named [?]
But this loves got me soft like ice-cream, me and you together for life, yeah that was my dream
Now its got me torn into pieces, tryna' iron out all the pain and the creases
Cause life will really put you to the test, you either fail it or you pass and that will lead you to success
In my case things went downhill, even got me taking supplements, no pills
Come on girl, you know the drill. Me plus you, equals the real deal
Uhh, cuz' they don't love you like i do

[Hook]

[Verse Two: Sunny]
I know you love it when we kick it, had a couple arguments and shit got twisted
We had our up and downs but you still stayed around, can we get this straight?
It's getting pretty late, I don't wan't to debate
I know I acted like a clown, raised by a queen and love is all i know, hate is never shown but girl i'm in your zone swear i'm not stoned
Baby come home or answer your phone, what's love is respects not shown. It doesn't feel right here sitting all alone
Now my heart's skipping beats, told myself, we was meant to be like drugs to the streets, concrete and athletes
Thought we was destined, met at the beach, chillin' wit my boys' you was with your girls' swear you're a pearl
The blessing to my life, the message of a wife, had you for advice got you with that line 'Yo my size!'
Had you for a second now it feels of a life time, your smile is perfection, i say that without discretion
You got me depressin' worried and stressin' - Real talk
They don't love you like i do?
They don't love you like i do
Who's better for you than the boy, huuh?

[Hook]

[Outro: Baka]
"Been Baka aka Not Nice from time, G. Been a East Side ting. Scarborough ting from time, G, been have up di ting dem from time, G. So I don't know what's wrong with these little wasteman out here eh? Y'all need to know yourself."