[Hook: 2 Chainz, Drake, and A$AP Rocky]
I love bad bitches, that's my fucking problem
And yeah I like to fuck, I got a fucking problem (3x)
If finding somebody real is your fucking problem
Bring your girls to the crib, maybe we can solve it!

[Verse 1: Z-Mane]
Hold up, let me break it down
Get down on the floor, girl, gon' shake it now
Make that thing clap cause you know it make smile
Girl, the way you move them hips had me gone for a while
Huh, Z-Mane, ain't nobody realer
Known for rocking Polo's and never Hilfiger
When it comes to beats, I'm a stone cold killer
If I die, don't be sad, I'll be back at Coachella
Cause I'm the young'n, the young'n young'n, who's gettin' money
Stacking hundreds, throwin' up 1's and do it for fun
And y'all be runnin' when I be gunnin', and it be funny
I be stuntin', y'all just be frontin', to me, y'all nothin'
They say money and women's a bad combination
But to me, man, that's just persuasion
I be goin' hard, yes, I be goin' hard
I ain't cuss once and I still kill these bars
BEAST!

[Hook + Z-Mane]

[Verse 2: Phillip Flame]
Hold up, Flame Gang bang
Niggas claim they rap, man, that's why we not the same
And they thinkin' that they better? That is just insane
I'm a teach you somethin' hot, welcome to the mind of...(FLAME!)
Unstoppable just like Kobe in the lane
And when it comes to money, I do not play games
Man, these niggas actin' bitch, man, that shit don't hang
And these bitches actin' nigga so I call them G.I. Jane
Ugh, Phillip Flame (Yep!), get like me
Killing these niggas like R.I.P
And I'm eatin' real good, Chef Boyardee
It's just me, Z-Mane, and that boy Army
Cause we the niggas, the nigga niggas, that's gettin' richer
Gettin' figures and taking pictures up on the Instagraaaaamm
And that was just a little somethin'
But this whole damn song got the whole party jumpin'
I beast!

[Hook + Z-Mane]

[Verse 3: Armyboy]
Hold up, hold up, back at it again
Military in this thang, my ammo unlimited
It go BANG when I'm the game, man, you must be silly
You can see me like I'm gilly, I ain't lyin'
Man, I'm really real, for real, ain't tellin' no lies
Don't be surprised when you see me on the rise, I'm watched by all eyes
And your girl say she want it? She got it
But I can't be tied down cause your man, I am not it
Nonsense, that's what these women talkin'
If you ain't down with it, then please keep it walkin'
I ain't got time for discussion or the fussin'
I'm just lookin' for a bad girl that can show me somethin'
And if you ain't doin' nothin', best believe you ain't nothin'
Girl, you know I can replace you so you better stop frontin'
And I didn't wanna say this..(but fuck it!)
Girl, I got one question: Can you do me, Justice?
BEAST!

[Hook + Z-Mane]