This is the thirst of many

This is the first of many as well. Counting on you man, still

(Verse 1)
Lonely Summerz, Broke Winterz in the mix
Celebrate the choice to blow leaves in the spring?
Lyrical miracle this ain't even the pinnacle
Really critical man. People, stand up to this ridicule
Martians are coming, I know they're here
And everybody else bodies lag like iPhone 4 models on iOS6, I don't get it
You want it? Go get it. If you don't want it to trouble you, g: then don't let it
You gas about the flick of the wrist
But what you gonna do when a man has a flick of the switch?
Nah, they all been gassed. Since time had started
I've been shocking since young like Miles Morales
I observe, I finish my drink and then I clock:
The M to the X is like the Sinister 6
We smile when we get working, you should die of fear
Don't promote the violence. Me, I'd rather play in some violins
The engines screech now, they're revving the wheels
Rappers just wanna get off the streets, find white women they never tire of and get hard just like Kevin and Will
Let Me Explain while they Laugh At My Pain
Hold up. I was a elf now a anchorman I mack then I lay
I let it rip like it's beyblade
A anchorman. In the middle like Makelele

(Verse 2)
Shout my failures and whisper my accomplishments
The same accomplishments the whole world sees. I ain't mad
Matter fact I ain't even trippin
But I ain't even chillin it's only facts that I'm spittin like I'm Dame Dash
If you don't say the truth then say nak
And on everything I ain't wack
But you can now find the Christ where the losers, the weepers, lepers and the lames at
This is god-hop yeah you know this is that raw rap
I still have to go thorough solid waste, man like Shawshank
Pause that
I had a idea for weekly 3styles I decided to record that
Now that I finally got my setup
It's really time we all get up
Deerig, King Reg, Mr Mackie, Selassie
Everyone else man, don't try get me for a verse
Just record your own and drop it
It's really time that we became ontopic
Like Marv Abbey on a Sunday night
You know I'm just tryna rise like The Dark Knight
I'm the Batman of this rap stuff. You love me cause I'm that mad
But that's nuff
Love

You all heard me