[Intro: Big Freedia]
I wanna know who mothafuckin' representin' in here tonight
Hold on, hold on

[Pre-Chorus: Lauryn Hill]
I keep lettin' you back in (you back in)
How can I, explain myself?

[Chorus: Lauryn Hill,  Drake, & Vado]
Care for me, care for me, you said you'd care for me
There for me, there for me, said you'd be there for me
Cry for me, cry for me, you said you'd die for me
(Murda on the beat)
Give to me, give to me, why won't you live for me?
Care for me, care for me, you said you cared for me
There for me, there for me, said you'd be there for me
(Let's go bro)
Cry for me, cry for me, you said you'd die for me
Give to me, give to me, why won't you live for me?

[Verse 1: Vado & Lauryn Hill]
Shout-out all my exes, get your brag on
Your Chanel, your Céline, mean bag on
Get your swag on
If he don't act right, I'ma act [wrong/raw]
'Cause you was that type to put me back on, real one
Fuck how them niggas feel, they wasn't worth a chill
They wasn't worth a mill, when they payin' the bills?
YSL is your heel, know you better than that
And you never was whack, always ahead of your pack
You was something to chase that flew up in the ranks
Used to run in the banks, I gave you nothin' but thanks
Every color in cakes
Pump, pump it up
Button open the gate, townhome come with a lake
It ain't over, you wait
Bae, you know you a star
And one-up wit' your broads, [?] Audemars
Bartenders, they know who we are
They know where it's dough, ain't gotta blow it, they ball
They just go to the car, then we goin' across
Stones goin' across like Jesus go on the cross
I could tell you sad, yo' glowin' is off
You know that you hot, that's why I be blowin' you off
'Cause you a vet ma, love how you flex, ma
Pushin' the vet, ma
Hoodie is Vetements
Gucci tights and heels, Amiri sweats, huh?
No efforts to dress, huh?
I'm definitely impressed
Care for me, care for me, you said you'd care for me
There for me, there for me, said you'd be there for me
Cry for me, cry for me, you said you'd die for me
Give to me, give to me, why won't you live for me?
I be out in LA wit' my connection
Bottles of Belair, hoes in my section
I won't lighten up on these niggas
'Cause niggas ain't nice enough for me, nigga
I been a beast
Heavy orders for weeks
Breakin' quarters for cheap
On these corners is street shit, every mornin' was sweet
Last winter, bought a mink for my daughter and niece
Once I caught it and beat shit, I'ma throw it to East

[Bridge: Big Freedia & Letitia Wright]
Uh-huh! (Oh yeah!)
These hoes! (They mad!)
Your boy! (I had!)
I made! (Watch the breakdown)

[Verse 2: Dave East]
If we talkin' 'bout women, I keep a bad one
Mami a freak, you can't relate if you never had one
She told me you actin' light skin
We just be fuckin', I can't be wifin'
Always textin' me, she keep typin'
Her ex from Harlem, she told me he went to Rykes
And I been movin' so triflin'
Fuckin' everything movin', I'm breakin' nights
My aura converting dykes, we fuck to "What's The Price"
Off the Migo album, Miami not like Barbados
She never seen an island
She tried to ask me 'bout paper, told her I keep it pilin'
I might even eat it, long as you keep it silent
Got the nerve to tell me she got to be nice for work
I ain't want you anyway, I just liked your butt
Actin' all stuck-up, ain't livin' life enough
Tryna be in our section, you 'bout to spend a night wit' us
Middle of the summer, we keepin' it calm
'Wit a chick like Stacey Dash or Lela Rochon
Full lift in the winter, that shit be keepin' her warm
Panties get pulled to the side, fuck it, she keepin' 'em on
After the neck I got respect, I might speak to her mom
Said she from Highbridge, I caught her creepin' wit' Don
She got everything Gucci, said she need some Vuitton
She know the kid rich, might new freezer her arm
Told me she stressed out, just need to smoke one
She got her nails did, got her toes done
She told me life been rough wit' these niggas
She pour a cup and like to fuck off the liquor
I understand

[Breakdown: Drake]
Gotta make that jump, gotta make that, gotta, gotta make that
Gotta make that jump, gotta make that, gotta, gotta make that
Gotta, gotta, gotta g-g-gotta, g-g-gotta, gotta
Gotta, g-g-gotta, gotta, gotta make that jump, jump (let's go)
Bend it over, lift it up, bend it over, lift it up
Make that jump, jump
Bend it over, lift it up, bend it over, lift it up
Make that jump, jump
Bend it over, over, over, over, over, lift it up
Make that jump, jump
Bend it over, lift it up (make that jump, jump)
Bend it over, lift it up (make that jump, jump)