[Intro: Adam Bomb]
Check it out.  Aight.  One time

[Verse 1: Adam Bomb]
The score’s about to change in a minute.  There’s no stopping my team
You’re not in my league and I ain’t playing games to begin with
Raising our limit, flow is locked like doors and chains
Thought the show was hot before I came?  Wait ‘til I’m finished
Fuck names and the image.  I’m the hype spoiler
But nice, son.  You might remember me like Troy McClure
Bomb’s going off, ‘bout to leave y’all rapping crew
More black and blue than a choking gauze
So get lost.  And if I send out a search party
All they finding is a spot and a skull and burnt body
Results of my third hobby: first, it frightens
Second is stealing pens—I Murder Inc. like Irv Gotti
Nerds copy every breath and step that I take
From the second I wake until I’m out like Mets at the plate
Son, you couldn’t get the point if you had sex with a rake
Yo, Pumpkinhead, kill this shit.  I’ll spit the rest when I’m baked

[Verse 2: Pumpkinhead]
I never dropped the rock.  I’ll shoot straight for the hoop
Through-the-legs alley oop slam dunk break the hoop
I’m so nice, I get checks through email
And if I don’t, I’ma choke my boss my Sprewell
You want details?  OK.  I fucked a fucker up
For fucking up what the fuck we sell.  I need
Good marketing and better promotion
No pop-sounding beats ‘cause, to me, that’s posing
So I recruited Empire to play it full-court
Us versus them, ears is getting ripped off
Flagrant foul, we got kicked out the Garden
It’s back to the hood—‘bout to get in class in
Home of broken condoms and bare-knuckled boxing
And when I’m on stage, it’s like I’m shadow-boxing
Me vs. myself in a bout for the belt
I connect to the jaw—I’m just hurting myself
And in the end, tell me: what is it really worth?
You say you keep it real, but play on AstroTurf
I’ma burst through the room like birth through the womb
Emerge from the gloom, then surf to the moon
You say I’m bugging out, P’s tripping on shrooms
But how you thugging out when y’all dicking these dudes?
I’m sick of these fools playing tricks like they groove
‘Cause they speak Patois or rock Bob Marley shoes
Tell me: yo, what would Bob Marley do?
Probably lock you in a bag zipped tight like army food
And as for your girl, trust me, I’ll soothe the pain
She made my dick disappear, she made me lose my brain

[Verse 3: Scandalis]
I’ll pack rap shows and stack dough like parliament
Pardon me.  My rap flow, cats know, is dominant
My style’s like milk and you’re lactose-intolerant
Too much for you to swallow or, at most, you’re vomiting
From here to the Apollo, black holes be hollering
Call me tomorrow.  Black hoes be swallowing
Slobbering, polishing knobs, ride by with the squad again
My squad runs through ‘em like Ben Johnson and Donovan
You’re nice but you lost again, twice to the congressmen
Scandalis don’t miss like a sniper in Washington
I’ll spit fire more than lighters in oxygen
With The Empire to retire the fraudulent
Fake motherfuckers that don’t back their words
They call me “The Candy Batter” ‘cause I’ll bat these Nerds
With a bat, you heard, until the bat is curved
Around their head like bandanas and that’s my word
It’s a fact I’ll serve any rapper with a dirty verse
Turn ‘em a fool like the end of March 31st
Straight rock the kid like the new New Jersey shirt
Put him on the team and make the dude do the dirty work

[Verse 4: Tek Man]
Think it’s just a rap?  This the life I live
Music’s my wife and I stack those kids
The tracks, that is.  Break backs like bags of Trix
Bag a trick.  “Open wide, gag, and spit”
Tag that bitch, let her go to work and strip
Work those hips, don’t give me no herpes, miss
You love the flavor, hon.  That’s some Slurpee piss
7-Eleven got me squirting dick
I ain’t even heard a beat.  Look how I worked this bitch
That’s why I can’t figure out what your purpose is
It’s curtains, kids.  Don’t be virgins blurred in this
My words are crisp, so you nerds get dissed
Stay calm.  I’ll tell you when the germ in this
So learn to sit, not like that virgin split
Talk too much shit, I’ll put sperm in your wig
Leave you all cummed up when you return to your crib
I’m bound to fucking blow like the Earth still spins
Underground like a worm in the dirt that digs
Fuck around with Empire, it get worse than this
Have my crews take turns on your [?]