[Intro: Jhene Aiko]
What's up? Been a minute since we kicked it, you've been caught up
With them bitches, I don't get it, you're a star love
You shouldn't have to deal with that
I'd never make you feel like that, cause...

[Hook: Jhene Aiko]
I love me, I love me enough for the both of us
That's why you trust me, I know you been through more than most of us
So what are you? What are you, what are you so afraid of?
Darling you, you give but you cannot take love

[Verse 1: ZAVAGE]
You learn different things on different days
You hear a different note each time the record plays
Low self esteem child deprived of being a winner
Not strong enough for suicide so they poison they livers
Don't drink the pain away, just bury it deeper
So to lift themselves up they take a toke from the reefa feeling cheaper
Pay the price witcha life just to feel that ether
Just take a moment and sip the potion
Hold back our tears and drown in our oceans til our lungs fill up
Evaporate it in ya system, he's addicted to blunts
Exhale the smoke, exhale feelings
Watching them liars go from hero to villain
Used to get jealous cuz to me he was a better Christian
By 9th grade i got saved now he's losing his religion
Hope and faith affected our decisions
So do we pay for dark days or will they be forgiven
This something I gotta do, I put in sweat and tears
No blood, I got friends that already spilled theirs
They living with battle scars all along they wrist
Did it with tight fist tried to take they life with a knife erase existence
But leave our memories in the minds of who we sometimes may call our enemies
Our form of payback when we soon find out
That it's too late & we already took the cowards way out
But

[Hook: Jhene Aiko]
I love me, I love me enough for the both of us
That's why you trust me, I know you been through more than most of us
So what are you? What are you, what are you so afraid of?
Darling you, you give but you cannot take love

[Verse 2: ZAVAGE]
I'm afraid of everything that can take you away from me
And I promised that would be a day I never live to see
I dreaded everyday they let me out when I was locked
Felt like my depression was a disease I was spreading
Made the songs too long but this is deeper than that
Try putting homies six feet deep it's deeper than rap
All you know is living blind and telling the tale
So if you wanna feel the track then I'll spit it in Braille
I got 5 friends at least that tried to take they own lives
2 of em recovered, the rest still trynna survive
Got on FaceTime once with this Detroit chick
She wish mom held her more than that pipe to her lip
Said twice already she attempted to jump a cliff
Scary thing is I haven't heard from her since
So this for the kids that live alone in the world
We either gone drown in tears or drown in beers
Let our skin open when we swallowed in our fears
That empty, misery that never leave gently
See the razors and the drugs are they friends or my enemies
I just wanna control my soul til infinity
She said you can do better just believe in me
I'm only living cuz of people that believed in me
Hold on to the ropes, do I jump that cliff?
The lord ain't die for me to go and crucify my wrist

[Hook: Jhene Aiko]
I love me, I love me enough for the both of us
That's why you trust me, I know you been through more than most of us
So what are you? What are you, what are you so afraid of?
Darling you, you give but you cannot take love

[Outro: Baka]
"Been Baka aka Not Nice from time, G
Been a East Side ting
Scarborough ting from time, G
Been have up di ting dem from time, G
So I don't know what's wrong with these
Little wasteman out here eh?
Y'all need to know yourself."

-SKIT-

Zay: How many of these guys been with you long enough to be disgruntled huh? Think about it. You don't pay much, you know. It's almost a feudal fuckin' enterprise. The question is, and this is the only question, who thinks that they can do what you do better than you?

Costello: Only one that can do what I do is me. A lot of people had to die for me to be me. You want to be me?

Zay: I probably could be you, yeah. I know that much. But I don't want to be you Frank. I don't wanna be you

Costello: Heavy lies the crown...sort of thing