Hyahh!

This is Falcon Style, Falcon Style

FLMS that is my school and I won't hide it. I'm waiting for the school bus and I just can't wait to ride it
Just made a paper airplane my friends laughing when I glide it, I'm just kidding I won't do it

I just got an A. I was studying five subjects 'till midnight got an A. I missed my little sister's dance recital got an A, I now know how to find the missing angle got A, Earned it got my A

Changing classes, English to Science, where to go [AYY], I do not know. [AYY]
Where's my homework? I think I lost it. Teacher guy [AYY], knows it's a lie [AYY]. Maybe if I dance on my desk he'll let it go-go-go-go-g-g-g-g-g-g-g-g-g-go

This is Falcon Style, Falcon Style
Op-op-op-op. This is Falcon Style. Falcon Style, op-op-op-op, this is Falcon Style
Aaayyyyy, Mrs. Clymer. op-op-op-op, this is Falcon Style
Aaayyyyy, Mrs. Bindon. op-op-op-op, this is Falcon Style

Next is my specials on my way to gym for PE. Ready to play some soccer and maybe a little frisbee. I'm heading to the nurse now 'cause I just fell and hurt my knee, I'm not crying, I'm so manly

I just got an A, spent over 7 hours on a project got an A. Mum drove me to Walmart to get supplies, I got an A, gluing, taping, cutting, drying, coloring. I got an A, worth it got my A

In the office, I got in trouble, teacher's mad [AYY], I feel real bad [AYY]. In the lunchline, I am real hungry, where to sit [AYY], dang I won't fit [AYY]. Maybe I'll go make some new friends over there-there-there-there-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-there. This is Falcon Style, Falcon Style, op-op-op-op, this is Falcon Style, Falcon Style, op-op-op-op, this is Falcon Style
Aaayyyyy, Mrs. Daigle. op-op-op-op, this is Falcon Style
Aaayyyyy, Mr. Andre. op-op-op-op, this is Falcon Style

Quiet now, I'm in the library, reading-reading all these books so quiet now. Quiet now I'm in the library, typing-typing on the keyboard, I'm all done party time!
This is Falcon Style, ay-ay-ay-ay-ay-ay
Aaayyyyy, Mrs. Crayley. op-op-op-op, this is Falcon Style
Aaayyyyy, Mrs. Glosber. op-op-op-op, this is Falcon Style
Ay-ay-ay-ay-ay-ay. This is Falcon Style

THIS IS FALCON STYLE!