{*beeper goes off eight times*}

[Intro: Fredro Starr]
Aiyyo, fuckin bitches man.. (worrrrrd up)
See that's what happen man
When you fuck the dog-shit out of bitches
Muh'fuckin hehahahh...

[stoned out conversation for 15 seconds]

[Verse 1: Sticky Fingaz]
If ya got a girl then you better believe
She got a, dick up her throat and a trick up her sleeve
But if ya don't take my word, take the word of another
I love my girl more than I love my own mother
Until I caught the bitch in bed fuckin' my brother
Now, pussy to me, is a stick and a bone
I fuck it and she suck it then I leave it alone
Then get out the crib 'fore her man come home

[Verse 2: Fredro Starr]
Ding dong, ring a ling a ling
Honey I’m home, scumbags and candy
Feelin damn dandy, crazy drunk off the brandy
Headed to the stairs, tip tip toe
With these squeaky ass stairs kid you gotta move slow
She wasn’t in the room, where could she be?
Wait a cotton pickin minute, I hear the TV
I slid to the den what did I see?
What you saw?
I seen a nigga hairy stink ass (word??)
And my girl on her knees (OHHH SHIT!)
She was suckin' the nex niguh dick (oh shit!)
Hey man, I was just watchin this, it was monotonous
I couldn't figga the nex niguh dick in my girl's esophagus

[Hook]
Suckin the nex niguh dick (oh shit!)
Suckin the nex niguh dick (oh shit!)
Suckin the nex niguh dick (oh shit!)

[Onyx]
Yo that's my motherfuckin word
Man I was trickin on this bitch man
I was buyin this bitch diamonds and the whole shit
Motherfuckin Moet yaknowhatI'msayin?
I was proppin this bitch up in Def Jam
Niguz was like yo, yaknowwhatI'msayin? (???)
Yo a bitch ain't shit man that's my motherfuckin word
Yo Suave, yo Suave, yo Sauve
Yo how do you feel about that shit man?

[Verse 3: Suave]
A freak is a freak and a hoe is a hoe
If your bitch get this low that shit is absolutely zero
A hoe I had before was claimin love, I was blind see
You can say like Mary J., "Just Remind Me"
Was buggin when she started suckin fuckin peppermints
Blow jobs got better
How the hell you miss those hints?
I don’t know but then I got the shock that almost blocked me like an obstacle
My girl lip lock a niggas cock like a popsicle
Quick, my man flipped the silencer tip
Now let that dumb bitch go to hell and suck on the devil’s dick
Yep, you know money felt the steel
He should ate that pussy then it coulda been his last meal
So don’t let my girl suck your dick
Even if she’s suckin the next nigga dick

[Hook]
Suckin the nex niguh dick (oh shit!)
Suckin the nex niguh dick (oh shit!)

Afficial Nastee Niguz (repeat 8X)

[Verse 4: Fredro Starr]
Picture this, picture that
Your girl’s holdin the next man’s glands and comes back tell you that “I love you”
Bacdafucup, break the fuck off
Bacdafucup bitch or I’ma smack your wig off
Smack the cum out your mother fuckin mouth
I got proof- How?
Cause it landed on my couch

[Hook]
She was suckin the nex niguh dick (oh shit!)
She was suckin the nex niguh dick (oh shit!)

[Verse 5: Sticky Fingaz]
Sometimes I feel like a nut
It melts in your mouth, not in your butt
Oh andtell your girl to stop changing her lipstick
I’m startin to get rainbows around my dick
I got caught in the act, you pulled a gun, I gave chase
It ain’t my fault his bitch take in the face
Shit, she the one who found Jack, the black vagina finda
Hmmm big ain’t it, lick lick so good God I almost fainted
Suckin da next nigga dick

[Hook]
She was suckin the nex niguh dick (oh shit!)
She was suckin the nex niguh dick (worrd?)
She was suckin the nex niguh, suckin the nex niguh
Suckin the nex niguh (she's still suckin his dick)
She was suckin the nex niguh dick
She was suckin the nex niguh dick
She was suckin the nex niguh, suckin the nex niguh
Suckin the nex niguh dick

[Outro: Sticky Fingaz]
Fuck it I don't need ya, let the welfare feed ya (word up)
Non-thinkin, cum-drinkin.. (suck, dick)
Fuck you bitch!