[Intro:]
Aight aight aight y’all know who's in the house y’all know who's in the house
Yo all y’all motherfuckers get the fuck away from the mic
Get the fuck away from the mic
You know what time it is
The notorious Biggie Smalls in the house (say word up, say word up)
Word up for all the bitch ass niggas
They got Third Eye from the group holdin’ the house (yeah yeah yeah)
We got naughty by nature in the house (yeah yeah)
We got them vile-ass onyx niggas in the house
And it's about to be a big thing

[Verse 1: Vin Rock]
I wanna speak up on a beat down (beat down)
Glocks heating up the motherfucking streets now (streets now)
This time I break apart only the small and phony ones
Who's home? Bony ones
Can't fuck with the only ones
Ask the rody holy ones
Ass whipped fast, slow ass
Don't have, broke
Heard a nurse pulled a steel toe out your asshole
Even apachii's on your path
And with your punk ass boyfriend you get him to inspect your ass

[Verse 2: Treach]
Who would you expect
A real nigga [where would it end]
Was a straight big shit
Like today was tomorrow yesterday
It ain't just your neighborhood I hold
So when I roll there goes your whole motherfucking zip code
A real nigga coming up
With the rumour
If I can't suck you later
Then bitch fuck you sooner
I’m playing trooper like a party pooper
Shoot ya and the timber boots
You got more from under my skin super

[Hook]
So you flip the shit
Ayo you flip the shit
I don't want that shit
Nigga you flip that shit
No, no, you flip that shit
No you flip this shit
But I don't want that shit
Nigga you flip that shit
Ayo, you flip that shit!
Nah, you flip that shit!
I don’t want that shit, nigga you flip the shit!
Ayo you flip the shit!
Nah, nah, nah man, you flip that shit!
I don’t want this shit, nigga you flip that shit

[Verse 3: The Notorious B.I.G.]
All you niggas better leave the fucking state, no need to masturbate
Fuckin' with Biggie, it's time to castrate
It's clobberin’ time
When I rip rhymes I quench thirsts like Very Fines
And I'm still thirsty - niggas wanna hurt the six-pack maniac
Tote TECs, and MACs, black
Check the stacks, what the fuck?
I throw uppercuts like Riddick Bowe
And I'm wicked with the slow-flow, y'know?
I'm pressing hard, I'm leaving creases
Cutting up bodies and talking to the pieces
It gets deep, kid, deep enough to touch the bone
Brooklyn's own Al Capone
Get stoned off the blunt when it's filled with the skunk
Get drunk, and do a demolition to punk
And all chumps, that scream that my shit don't thump
They catch lumps and bumps, I put the shaker in your rump

[Hook:]
Ayo you flip that shit
No, you flip that shit
I don’t want this shit, nigga you flip that shit
No, you flip the shit
Ayo, you flip that shit!
I don’t want this shit, nigga you you flip that shit
No, you flip that shit
No, you flip this shit!
But I don’t want this shit, nigga you flip that shit
Ayo! You flip that shit
Hope you flip that shit
I don’t want that shit, nigga you flip that shit!

[Verse 4: 3rd Eye]
Ayo special request
End up being jest
That's my nigga Wess
My Budacest motherfucking bee's nest
Bet, watch you stick when I wink and I nod
Third Eye's raw
They take [your shit it's gone]
Have you heard of this murderous
Gun slinger nigga swingin'
I’m into bringing drama
Run to mom-dukes
I smoke Buddha, I’m smokin’ blunts of the skunk
And I get funky like vanilla yo
Hit your box [strawberry mirrors??]
Intelligent militant
That’ll lose 100%
Fuck your stuff cuz that's nonsense
[I keep bodies in the] Cemetery [let's make ???]
My nigga Wess is on a mission
Uh oh
I don't be bullshitting
I'll stomp a mudhole in your butthole
I rip and I flip that
Quick like you should've let me get that
Man I don't want it, take that shit back

[Hook]

[Verse 5: Fredro Starr & Sonny Seeza]
Ayyo, gimme that shit ya fuckin' bald-headed bastard!
What, the evil nasty acid?
Yeah, the shit that burn they asses!
So ashes to ashes?
Blast with the ghetto gas!
And I'm going, niggas knowing
I'm showing my Razzamatazz-manian Devil rebel style
Niggas know we fuckin' wild
I'm wild, I'm wild, he's wild, SO WE'S WILD
So capture the rapture!
The black disaster --

[Verse 6: Sticky Fingaz]
-- I swear to fuckin' god I'll raise hell and make the white man call me master
I'm 666 and need to repent to the pastor
So fuck the radio they closed your ears but read my lips, I rips
And if you eat my words I'll leave you strung like umm
(Um! Um!)
It was on the tip of my tongue
But now it's stuck between my throat
I can't breath for a lick
If Onyx ain’t the top pick, you must be suckin’ a glass dick
Just like his motherfuckin' mother
Yeah she swallowed the babies
And ya suck the motherfuckers, let her bite it like she's Hades