[Hook]
Yeah, I'm making them commas
Call my daddy house, six-six figures to my momma
Yeah, I'm touchin' that maddy(?)
Call the same house, six-six figures to my daddy
Yeah, I'm making them commas
Call my daddy house, six-six figures to my momma
Yeah, I'm touchin' that maddy(?)
Call the same house, six-six figures to my daddy

[Verse]
I had to lay something down for my people
When it comes to mom and daddy, there's no equal
Daddy was a preacher, momma was a principal
He never spared the wrong, and for that I am thankful
Church four times a week, taught me deep rooted values
Tenets of humility to this very day I use
We didn't have much, just a house and the standard shoes
But thank the Lord our clothes was new
Never had to wear 'em used
Every blue moon some might be name brand
So you was happy for whatever you can - come across
'Cause our daddy and momma - had money tight
Sometimes it brought them drama
Mom [?]
Daddy collection to collection(?)
Never tripped cause none of his dreams would come to fruition
Cause he sacrificed for his sons and my sisters
To make sure we had a childhood we could remember
And respect and we could cherish
And recollect if we grew to perish
Momma had me in her thirties, Daddy had me older
Now he in his golden years, a striped up soldier
[?] sacrificed
Dropped out of med school so she could raise us
The way she thought was right
So she instilled in all of us to be doctors
And one actually did
My sister and her husband
The rest of us did our own thing
I got into rap and the real-estate game
My brother next to me got into movie producing
Hit some [?], now that man ain't losin'
My little sister and my brother next to my oldest
[?] holdin'
My oldest sister knew him good
Making money with executive assistants soon
The only one I don't know bout my biggest brother Ronnie
I wish I knew where he was, I wish he'd come and find me
I heard he north of me, but I don't really know
I wanna find him so bad, it burns a hole in my soul
I wish I could write him
Last time I seen him I was a toddler in diapers
I never dreamed that we would be split apart
Now I got a big tear in the middle of my heart
Ronnie if you're listening come find out where I'm at, yo
I'm thinking bout you daily and missing you like crazy, bro
I'm telling you I love you with all of my heart
And you best believe that they lovin' them from the start
And cross the other side, I will see you if I don't here
We gon' catch up and we gon' rejoice and cheer
In the platinum gates of Heaven's ghetto
And we gon' get to choose how it's gon' go
Ain't gon' be no hatin, plus a walk-through ceiling
Top choice work and plenty bad women
Pretty good drink, pretty good drugs
No coke, [?] juries, ain't gonna be no judge
Ronnie, do you have a Facebook or Twitter? (No!)
None of my blood, flesh of my flesh, I miss you so
Therefore, before I leave this place behind me
Oldest bro, Ronnie, come and find me!

[Hook]
Yeah, I'm making them commas(?)
Call my daddy house, six-six figures to my momma
Yeah, I'm touchin' that maddy(?)
Call the same house, six-six figures to my daddy
Yeah, I'm making them commas(?)
Call my daddy house, six-six figures to my momma
Yeah, I'm touchin' that maddy(?)
Call the same house, six-six figures to my daddy