[Intro]
We got Mike Dog up in this motherfucker!
DJ Mike Dog!
The first nigga to cook crack on a Foreman grill!
Muney Lane part 2!
Jimmy Wopo in my motherfuckin' shut down corner!
Hill District disciples, baby!
Let's go!
I see BWitDaHeat again!
Lane Gang!
Rattlesnake, with the purple devil face emoji

[Verse]
This year I'm coming quick, bitch, like I did a bid (nuttin on it)
Get rich, I'ma split this shit with my mom's kids (my mom, brother)
Chain froze like I got it out of the freezer-part of the fridge (ice)
Niggas mad like they woke up on the wrong side of the bed (ike)
Niggas think they gon' flip me but I'm 10 steps ahead (I'm on it)
That shovel on me, you dig (dig)
My nose running, you dead
Kickin' shit like a squib, that drip all in my adlibs
They gon' turn up when I'm dead (yeah, yeah)
Throw a hundred racks in my casket (yeah, yeah)
I ball like basket, my draco, Jurassic (Jurassic Park)
I ball, no draft pick, stick shit like magnets (grrah)
Do hits, no handprints, we lit like incense (we lit, bitch)
Bricks coming through the entrance, my traphouse got no fence
Rattlesnake, with the purple devil face emoji (that's me)
Purple lean, with the yellow raincoat, Kobe (Kobe)
Code name, Lane Man, cocaine Cody (Lane Man)
How you boss man, leave your whole gang hungry? (yeah)
No pain, just percs and promethazine
Body Gang, gang, none of the hammers clean
Five racks, put that on a pinky ring
All of my young niggas, they on orangutan
They on the money lane, they on everything
Fresh off the gun range, my nigga Lum gang
RIP Lum chain, blood on my Balmains
Young nigga Bruce Wayne, he do the Robin
He do the homage, knock out your omelette
Real nigga, I was given em knowledge
Instagram, I'ma like every comment
Sicker than vomit, just to be honest
I'm a dog tryna get all my dogs rich
Tax me a nigga, all profit
Nap me a nigga, all profit
All profit, regardless
I am a young black mamba (mamba)
I could go sign when I wanna (when I want)
I buy a bitch if I want her (if I want)
Used to get racks with my mother (damn)
My brothers feed off each other (each other)
Drop-back, Jay Cutler (Jay Cutler)
We got a strap on, no rubber
Melt your ass like butter

[Outro]
Rattlesnake, with the purple Devil face emoji (that's me)
Nightmare, thinking something the Devil tryna show me (aye)
Rattlesnake, with the purple Devil face emoji (that's me)
Frenemy's, my closest enemies might be my homies (woah)
Lane