[Spoken Intro]
Aight I’ma set it off like this check it
Fuck what you’re sayin’ aight?
Chauncey niggas don’t be playin’ aight
Niggas best to stay in when the ratched get to sprain’ aight
Got niggas playin’? I’ll show up where they lay at night
With the K - slay at night
Play ‘em like I’m [?] aight
Start the regime, keep the hard in your team
Go at niggas full steam like it’s part of the scheme
Check it
My neck shinin’ like [?]
I use niggas for target practice when I’m exercising my index
Accepting collections and cheques
I separate the real from the roaches like I master the insects
[?] from my group stackin’ cream ‘bout to scoop
My troops eatin’ lobster and your team got a soup
While you was on the stoop nigga, I was in the coupe countin’ loot
Gettin’ higher than LeBron on the hoop
My flows elite, Jimmy Wopo
You woke a beast, whole brick broke a piece
[?]
“This is a call from Pennsylvania state correctional institution
This call is a subject to recording and monitoring”
I put niggas underground like [?] Devil
38 special with an infrared specle
Got dot on your face it’s not a freckle
RIP to Bucky, my big bro
And Wall-e G, when ya niggas left I lost a part of me
Stay clear, Chauncey drive niggas don’t play fair
Pop up on you niggas like grey hair
50 cal hittin’ like [?]
Pocket full of Xanies and the [?] they taste
I’ll blow your brains out like candle on a birthday cake, dumb nigga
I’m a boss, you’sa bum nigga
Come nigga, I keep a chopper with a drum nigga
Plum nigga, Chauncey drive’s where I’m from nigga
I was on the streets when you ain’t had a crum nigga
I go do bread like a pizza cutter
I spread [?] like it’s peanut butter
My niggas greedy got to feed their hunger
So I weight it and I whip it
Bake it and I flip it
Shake it and I mix it
Break it and I fix it
Make it and I split it
Take it and I give it
I spend it and I live it nigga
You niggas sniffin’ dope, nose is all they trip
I’m focused on a flip, servin’ smokers on the strip
I hustle for the bag just to blow it on a whip
For folks that wanna trip, I keep toasters on the hip
So cancel Christmas, my whole team’s Grinches
I be in the trenches, tool built with the wrenches
Hoes wanna clench us, hoes wanna drench us
Snitches givin’ info to the Po’s tryin’a pinch us
Little piece of mustard
Plus I be fuckin’ with some niggas we can trust
Gas pass you niggas in the foreign keep the dust
We finish whole pies and you niggas keep the crust
Never go out the circle with the shit that we discuss
Real niggas don’t fall under pressure we adjust
Keep the breeze on our knees, so just when I need to bust
Shorty think that we in love but truth is we in lust
‘Cause all we do is thrust on the hush
And you can get with special [?]
Whoever touch his bank, must be spanked
[?] Lords never losin’ the touch
I still roll that fruit in the Dutch
Nigga, I still make a move in the clutch
Break your leg, now you usin’ a crutch
You do the most nigga, I don’t do much
It’s not difficult, you niggas still [?] tryin’a fill the vault
You [?] everybody else nigga it’s your fault
2017 shit