[Verse 1: Stormzy]
She's like "why you never answer your phone?"
I'd be crazy if I answered in a car full of hoes
You're like five for a designer, you the star of the show
I'll get a lighter and ignite it, yeah I'm ready to blow, oh
Look at how I'm living, I'm blessed
Was gonna tell you that you're peng, I said you're pretty instead
I said "don't listen to your friends, I'll have you singing in bed"
She doesn't listen to my songs but she listens to Wretch, I'm stressed
I don't really drink, I feel to drink with you
And you said you love a singer, I'm a singer too
And you said you love a winner, I'm a winner too
Maybe we can get a drink and get a dinner too
I'm on my Drake ish, nothing was the same
Maybe I can bring a friend, you said your cousin looks the same
Maybe we can come around cuh my brother wants to play
Call me Mr Hit & Run or call me Mr Run the Game, ok
This shit chocolate
My girl's looking like she's ready for the Oscars
Flow's sick, I'm getting ready for the doctors
Chilling with your chick, she's got me chilling in my boxers

[Chorus: Jacob Banks]
I wanna move with you
Can you move with me?
I wanna groove with you
Can you groove with me?
I wanna boogie with you
Can you boogie with me?
Can you boogie with me?
Can you boogie with me?
Can you boogie?

[Verse 2: Wretch 32]
I just wanna move with her, she wants to move in
That set off all kind of alarms, I had to snooze em
Every time you're back in my arms, you're my exclusive
I know you're a winner whenever it comes to losing
Don't you wanna win for once? Babe
If I put your picture up, you'll get a big head till I shrivel up
Double entendre, whatever baby, zip me up
Picture's worth a thousand words, or an instant fuck
Ayy, I'm tryna fiddle with you
But the rats won't piggy in the middle with you
So I took you out your dress, you were still in your shoes
I know I'm moving out of time, but I'm still in my groove
So throw it back like it's Thursday while we listen to The Weeknd
I don't really like his voice, guess I've gotta keep you screaming
All your neighbours know my name, they ask for pictures when I'm leaving
Heard we just made a movie, hope they didn't get screening
Born in the 80s
If I was younger, I'd be tryna page Cakey
But for now I'm staying focused on my album, hocus pocus
Move with me while I'm listening to JB

[Chorus: Jacob Banks]
I wanna move with you
Can you move with me?
I wanna groove with you
Can you groove with me?
I wanna boogie with you
Can you boogie with me?
Can you boogie with me?
Can you boogie with me?
Can you boogie?

[Outro: Wretch 32]
I swear down man, she wants to move with us
She loved the way the wretch has stormed in
And she'll know we're crackers when she sees what's in Jacob's banks
Peace