#Merky2016
I don't know what the fuck you niggas thought, but
#Merky2016
You fucking doughnuts, aren't you, what the fuck?
#Merky2016
Come like man's smoking fucking rice or something, I don't know but
#Merky2016
Driller, 16 bars, no filler
Man wanna end my career? I see bare fuckboys, no killers
Go figure, thinking you're big, I'm bigger
Think my white friends can say nigga?
And I'll stand here like that's jigga?
Mad, going on wicked and bad
Go on then, pick up your strap
But please don't twist up the facts
Pathetic, I see niggas go switch up from rap
But this rap game's long and it's winner-stays-on
So pussy, don't pick up the pad (Gassed up, gassed up)
Death threats, so many death threats
So tell me, how comes I ain't dead yet?
Mad ting, how comes I ain't bled yet?
22 but I'm still an old school legend like Nedved
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
Start off, don't make me start off
They go and make diss tracks, then I go and just chart-top
Popped off, this game ain't something that I'm part of
I know real badboys like Narcos
I was a real bad boy, ask Carlos
Man have got Ghetts' spirit inside me
Go and ask Mumzy, bad from primary
Cocoa butter and the afro comb
Used to step out the yard with my face all shiny
You know them ones, dark and reckless (Reckless)
Bluejays ting for my breakfast
I've been keeping my ear to the streets
And there ain't many niggas that I've been impressed with
Grown-arse men saying my name, embarrassing
Big with wife and the kids, embarrassing
Man are like 30 plus, how embarrassing
Now you wanna start with us, that's embarrassing
What? None of my Gs nominated for BRITs?
Are you taking the piss? Embarrassing
But I've got the force like Anakin
This year, I'll let that slide, stop panicking
But next year, I'm going on dark
Like wah gwan, is my face too dark?
Last year, they told the mandem that to be nominated
You've gotta go on UK charts
So what do we do? We chart
Don't come here with your lies, don't start
Deny our ting, you calm, deny our ting, I'll bark
Stiff Chocolate, not the edible type, smoke on a medical vibe
I bring your girl to my show, she said I'm incredible live
Man wanna see me respond, see, I would but my schedule is tight
Man try say that he's better than me? That was a terrible lie
Man try say he's the fucking best, L-O-L, I'm fucking dead
You can keep your stupid opinions in your stupid fucking head
All you do is fucking bred, here he comes, this fucking beg
Take this mash, remove yourself or jump in front of a truck instead
I clocked it, my man's lost it
Man held a beating, the ref should've stopped it
Mopped it, had one chance and flopped it
Threatening me won't make you the heavyweight champ, rudeboy
Stop this, man, fucking hell, bruv

[Outro]
It's stopped, it's over