[Produced by The HeavyTrackerz]

[Intro: D Double E]
Oh my word, Budebutbut
Super dupe OOOH OOOH
Dirtee T, that's me me
Budebutbut Super dupe OOOH OOOH
Dirtee T, that's me me

[Verse 1: Footsie]
It goes ca' blood
You don't want to war with who-who?
You don't want to war with me me
It's the Footsie and D
Back-to-back we're just too grimey
You don't want to war with who-who?
You don't want to war with me me
It's the Footsie and D
Back-to-back we're just too grimey

[Verse 2: P Money]
Said he was badman, said he was a G
Said he was a badman, said he was a G
Said he knew Blacks and he said he knew P
But I didn't know him, neither did he
Going round telling man he's an OG
Didn't know Jendor, didn't know Dee
Didn't Stormer, didn't know Desper
Didn't know Ruger or N.E

[Verse 3: Stormzy]
Big black Ghana man come to lock up the dance and move to your girlfriend
I bun a big zoot when the world ends
Nobody don't move 'til I tell them
One time for my goons up in Feltham
Tell her if you're down for the crew then you're welcome
Told man it's a move to your girl ting
It's an every man for themselves thing

[Verse 4: Big Narstie]
Daydreaming I was puffing on some ace
Hit my base pen, now I'm fully on my way
Bouncers try tell man I must behave
Fuck that, man can't fuck with the base!
Henny in my belly got me merry feeling heavy
Black labour boy, I be on my strip like I'm Miliband
Smoking on that neckle, Jesus! Very dank!
BDL! (Base Defense League!)
Where's the henny at?

[Verse 5: Stormzy]
It's Michael, Big Mikey
I know Skepta, I know Wiley
I do features, I get grimey
I like brownings, I like lighties
I like watches, I get icey
They're imposters, they're not like me
They're wotless, come try me
Like why would you even want to fight me? Dickhead!

[Verse 6: P Money]
W-what? What did he say?
Stormzy, tell me, what did he say?
Thinking he's hard, I'll lift up my top
Put the ting in your face like what did he say?
I said hold on cuz! What did he say?
Somebody tell me, what did he say?
Thinking he's hard, I'll lift up my top
Put the ting in your face like

[Verse 7: Flirta D]
I'm bidibidibidibidi bad and you know this
When I go round everybody takes notice
I'm bidibidibidibidi bad and you know
When I come around everybody takes note
I'm bidibidibidibidi bad and you know this
When I go round everybody takes notice
I'm bidibidibidibidi bad and you know
When I come around everybody takes note

[Verse 8: Youngs Teflon]
Come to the show, drop bars and your wife drop her panties
Playing up front for my team too cold, I'm Andy
I spot a mover, I want to hit that first like my sister's brandy
Fed's on all of my social networks stay saying a nigga's too anti
Chicks want to get with me
But I can't bond I ain't James, I'm Jimmy
Rolling with a nice top boy like Kano
But on a lot think I'm Dizzee
I'm far from clean, still shot green to your aunt Maureen
Remember when I couldn't get heard or seen
Now I wake up and go live my dream

[Verse 9: Desperado]
Listen my nigga: me na ramp, me na cater
Only care for my niggas from the estater
If you're not from there, I'll see you later
Hater, I'm smacking up imitators
You don't want beef with the fuckers, nutters
Face-to-face man stutters
See we come to the place chinchillas on tugz
And everybody in the place jumpers
Street running your house and put one in your mouth
About running and chatting about coming to south
Me and my niggers on beef more than a crown
I'm running your house you better get down
You don't want a hole six deep in the ground
[?]
I'm back, Desperado dressed in black strapped with a Mac