(Stormzy)
WickedSkengman Part 3
Big up all of the mandem inside, all of the OTF, 100 thousand views special
Yeah, big up everyone who watches Behind Bars
… alright
Check it…

Everybody's talking tough till its go time
When its show time niggas don't speak up
Fuck boy talking shit on my insta catch him on the road nigga don't freeze up
I might write a song for your girlfriend
But don't be a fool man I stayed g'd up
Can't chat to me about work rate tell a MC nigga try keep up
Tell a MC nigga try keep up
Tell a MC nigga don't be fooled
I was on  the strip with a shank and a pack full of piff
Man you was getting slapped in school
I was in the booth with a dream and a phone full of 60's
You was gettin frassed like a fool
I was on the cliff, dot dot long like a bitch
Can't chat to me about tools
Man can't chat to me about ridin'
Man can't chat to me about cool
Big man like you with the aqua
Man can't chat to me about jewels
Man wanna chat to me about flow
Man wanna chat to me about barz
Man wanna chat to me about uk rap when the whole scenes actually ours
Yo
That nigga sounds like me
That nigga sounds like stormz ... that’s not mike
That nigga took my flow
That nigga stole my barz, that’s not right
You can’t chat about road, my niggas cold, my niggas act on sight
That nigga rap bout dough, that nigga broke, nigga your stacks all light
See niggas just act all hype just like stormz ain't got the crown no more
But he can’t make a song for the radios
Stormz make a banger that sounds so raw
And I hear some mandem talkin my name like I don’t get about no more
Couple man from the ends who're talkin shit... they’re not around no more
They’re not around no more
Mandem went down for the cause, mandem went down for the war
Threw out of the door, back with a parcel of scores
Tryna put an ounce into drawer, man down from the force
Niggas didn't allow them before, runnin from the sound of the law
Whole crows gonna roar, chillin' in a house full of whores
Tryna get a bounce from the draw
I mean..
Tryna get a draw then a bounce
Still get money on enormous amounts
Buddy said that he needs more than an ounce
Tryna put p's in his daughters account like
Whose the hardest? It can't be them man are garbage
I'm still the coldest and the darkest, I still fucked mans girl I'm a bastard what

(crowd shouting)

I still fucked mans girl I'm a bastard look
I was chillin in my whip with flips, like what songs that rudeboy can you turn it up…

(mad silence)

Turn it off man I've heard enough
You must be worked to be versing us
Go get a job bout you turning up
I still back beef like Mermur does
If you wanna progress come and work with us

(crowd shouting)

… man I've heard enough
You must be worked to be versing us
Go get a job bout you turning up
I still back beef like Mermur does
If you wanna progress come and work with us
I take two shots then I liven up
Stormzys cold you need to sign him up
Them man there wanna fight with us?
I'll get mad don’t wind me up
The like skin girls used to burn me
Now the light skin girls tryna churps me
I just stop and I screw them like here have drink man your tirsty
See bare man wanna beef me…

(crowd shouting)

...Them man there wanna fight with us?
I'll get mad don’t wind me up
The like skin girls used to burn me
Now the light skin girls tryna churps me
I just stop and I screw them like here have drink man your tirsty
See bare man wanna beef me
Cah I come with this “take mans girl” talk
Don’t look at me man its her fault
Don’t look at me man I'm innocent
OTF yeah my man are militant
No regrets yeah Stormzy I'm killin em
Tryna make more than a million (huuh!)
Big black Ghana man come to lock off the dance and whine some girls
Stop watchin' my face fam you better find your girl
She left with the mandem, look at the time as well..
And if her boyfriends cool but she still wanna fuck then I might as well, yo