[Talking]
Yo wasup?
Yo what what up oh shit aye whats good nigga?
Look at you nigga you still out here?
Oh I'm chillin man I'm holding the block down baby!
Word?
You know that, that's my style
No doubt
Let me hold something man would you let me hold something man?
You wanna hold something?
Yeah let me hold something
I ain't seen you in five years, you not throwing dirt all on my name and all that
Aww come on! don, come on! so you gonna blow up on me like that? aw man!
You don't think I hear nun?
Yeah whatever, whatever

[Chorus]
Everybody want, everybody need some'll speed hit a bump while the others succeed
Some'll just breathe 'till they pack up and leave
So watch what you do cause that could be you

[Verse:1]
Where's everybody when the shells and the shotties tryna sail through your body nobody wanna polly
Everybody cool when they cruisin in Denali's all crude up and jolly tryna screw all the hotties
Right they beside when them labels wanna sign me
Soon as the tsunami everybody got grimy
Couldn't understand even fan try and try me like, "Damn you a man this a stand up comedy?"
Wheres the honory the real you'll promise me it's still dishonesty I feel no harmony
Can't cope when the cold is near when niggas broke if they soul ain't there
Or reverse when your man from the dirt get his hands on some work
Everything seem good start expanding his turf with the dreams from the hood figure family is first 'till you call like you should and the number's no good
Nobody's perfect once you scratch through the surface see life's like a circus and we all serve a purpose
What your worth is? are you worthless ?
A work-a-holic for yours or on your first bid
No joke we was all better broke had to ante up for smoke thats when everybody spoke
Kept it all hood everybody had hope and them boats came afloat everybody had coke

[Talking]
Ayo you remember when the, when the spots was coppin' man we's had cheese lines gettin 30 40 a day?
Nah nah nah, I remember when Demi was out there in Dacata you kna' I mean? way before Larry was poppin' gettin bout 40 or 50 day haha

[Chorus]
Everybody want, everybody need some'll speed hit a bump while the others succeed
Some'll just breathe 'till they pack up and leave
So watch what you do cause that could be you

[Verse:2]
Now everybody rap how confusing is that
Confusing all these dudes like it's cool to get clapped
Be a fool if you choose but how foolish is that
When the move is to move like you smooth as a mac
I refuse to get trapped with them boys on my back
Cause that shit gets you hit at the ball with them macs
Now think about and ask how annoying is that
Now multiply that by 15 flat
I rather lean back with 16 stacks and something european with the flip screen flats
We all human beings but we get things fast
So watch what you do cause that could be you
Some ain't got a clue others know not to do
A few souvenirs in some water aqua blue
So which one is you? what this shit coming to?
Just don't be the next one the crew come and view.. atleast no time soon

[Chorus]
Everybody want, everybody need some'll speed hit a bump while the others succeed
Some'll just breathe 'till they pack up and leave
So watch what you do cause that could be you
Cause that could be you
Cause that could be you

[Talking]
Yeah for all those that ever did it, got away with it, this for ya'll. Hahaa
It's life baby. It's two sides to everything.  Up or down, left or right, right or wrong. Don't get it wrong get it right. Hahaha