[Intro: AZ, Jackie & Guy]
"What's up AZ?"
"Maintainin' G"
"I'm sayin' tough titties somebody gotta suck it, I'm casin' the joint what's up?"
"I'm sayin' there mad dime bitches up in here though."
"Let me tell you though, it ain't time to subtract & add on."
"How you doin' AZ?"
"Oooh you definitely thick, no question."
"Yeah, but it cost."
"Yo man give me change for a penny, I pay for that, I know who
You is Ho Happy Jackie."

[Verse 1: AZ]
Whoever thought that that sweet thing born model material
That hated hot cereal could grow to be a high silly ho
Really though, it's a shame for this damn dame
'Cause everything's brand name
When will she get enough of these damn games?
Struttin' with her unbuttoned blouse like it ain't nuttin'
Draggin' her wagon, knowin' fellas be flaggin' and frontin'
Hopin' by keepin' her gear, wear and hair dope
And some really Big Willie nigga'll dig her and get open
And give her what only a tenderoni would deserve
She got some nerve thinkin' every nigga's a herb
That goes around trickin' on every chicken that he's stickin'
Male or female, whoever gassed her need an ass kickin'
'Cause if it's more than one fella tryin' to get with her
To hell wit the fly, she only slidin' with the highest bidder
But if you ask me, she's nothin' but a nasty
Money hungry, unclassy, Ho Happy Jackie

[Interlude: Guy]
"Yo, son word to mother, let's keep it real, that bitch ain't
Nuthin' but poison man, every nigga that bitch fuck with
Somethin' happen to, she see a pinky ring shine
She up in the nigga mug piece like he handlin"."

[Verse 2: AZ]
Check it, this one Jamaican wasn't fakin' with the bacon
'Cause ever since him, she was on if I'm not mistaken
But then again, this money gettin' Dominican
Caught her when she was fallin' off, and made her win again
Now nothin' can stop it, once she in a nigga pocket
She be seein' more profit than those livest weed spots get
Makin' her income and then some
'Cause even a wedding band on her hand
Won't stop a man who wanna spend some
Diamonds and furs is all she want, that damned Glamour girl
Lovin' it, out there clubbin' it, dancin' like one of Hammer girls
Happy Jackie, the jigga ho
Her job is to jack nigga's dough, I call Jackie the jack a nigga pro
And it's true, count all the fellas she flew through
She even juiced Jack the Jew, Jackie I'm scared of you
And I remember that '87 September
When she was slimmer, she was a ho hoppin' beginner
But now from acne, nappy hair and gear that was tacky
She's on (she's on, she's on, she's on)

[Interlude: Jackie & Girl]
"Yo I got that sucka ass nigga."
"Ooh yes you do (I'm sayin' though what's his name?)
That's AZ from the Eastside. Girl you better work dat ass."
"Is he trickin' boo?"
"He trickin' (good), but he got a baby moms."
"Yo fuck that I gotta eat his doe thang
'95 I'm gettin' it all
"Yeah go ahead girl."

[Verse 3: AZ]
So all the sugar dick, dirty devil dog, slick daddies
Don't get out foxed, and slicked, and switched into a trick daddy
Trickin' ya whore, hustlin' end for some skins
'Cause next you be trickin' on all you family members and friends
She got a way to make ya feel like ya gotta stay in
It's not a way she'll pay, it's bills that she gotta pay
So married or single, watch out for Jackie when you jingle
She might sting you, and ain't no tellin' what that sting'll bring you
You could fall off point and get careless
Lose all awareness, go hairless, why she wouldn't care if
You go bankrupt, her lifestyle's corrupt
So knowledge before you wisdom or understandin' is fucked
'Cause if you ask me she's nothin' but a nasty
Money hungry, unclassy, Ho Happy Jackie

[Outro: AZ & Jackie]
"Yo what up AZ? We out?"
"I'm sayin' whatever baby. Dinner gonna lead to breakfast
If it's on you it's all good."
"Yo I got you all the way."
"Better stop talkin' 'bout it and be about it, word."
"Yo my man whip outside, we can leave right now.""
"You buggin' the fuck out? What's wrong with you? Word up, what the fuck you talkin' about?
Bitch, you tryin' to get a nigga killed or somethin'?"
"I'm sayin'....."
"Get the fuck outta here, word up."
"I'll suck ya dick."
"Yo, you stupid get the f.... You Ho Happy Jackie ass bitch
Yo get the f.... Ayo son, come and get her the fuck outta here
Ayo get the Mo son we walkin' out the fuckin' club with that shit right now, word up
Ayo kick that bitch to the back."