[Sample: The Notorious B.I.G.]
I been in this game for years, it made me a animal
It’s rules to this shit (Uh-huh), I wrote me a manual
Manual, manual, manual…

[Intro]
You’re now rocking with DJ Scram Jones
It’s going down, you heard me?
Scram Jones, taking shit over
Wack DJs, fuck you!
You are now listening to Rhymefest
This is El Che: The Manual
Brought to you by Beast Music and Scram Jones

[Verse: Rhymefest]
When you say you love me, it don’t translate
It go into my head, like, “Bitch, I’m straight”
I gotta take this one back to ’88
When cocaine was popping and everything was great
Alpine Radio with two fifteens
Cherokee truck with the tens in between
Gazelle glasses and dookie ropes
And the fur Kangol, that was super dope
Why when I say “80s,” it look so fresh, yo?
When you dress 80s and you look so metro?
Pink glasses with the zipper jackets
Prince open-booty pants, matching asses
At the gay club, giving out free passes
Back in the day that’s what we call “faggots”
Fast-forward, 2000 and now that’s fashion?
Sucka, you missed, I put feelings aside, I know who I am
Not emotional when I pull up in the Cayenne
Porsche truck or a tour bus for us
Pull up to the club and everybody looking awestruck
Aww, shucks, when he see a girl, yeah, “Y’all fucked?”
That’s me, make a boujee nigga spill his Starbucks
You’ll get jumped by all us, flawless… Victory!
Nah, I’m not the type of rapper try to play a girl out
Call her a groupie, get the ass and then break the hell out
Nah, that’s not my strategy, not the game I play
Put her on the street team and make her work all day
Dress her up like a dancer, try to romance her
That’s when she giving you my CD sampler
Pose for a picture, now you on my camera
How the fuck you finna say you ain’t a fan of…?
WHO’S THAT? Rhymefest, but let me digress
If I don’t die soon, then I will not rest
So I will not sleep ‘cause I will not die
’Til death do us part, I’m yours and you’re mine, it’s a
Fatal attraction when I start rapping
Paper-thin, nigga, anything can happen?
It’s as easy as counting to 1, 2, 3
In other words, let us ellzee ayshee [?]
I tell you, you, you, and all of you in the middle
And in the back and in the front: Yo!