[Intro]
Ghost shit, nigga
Feel me

[Verse 1]
Never less what you can never have (never)
Wonderin' if God cry, cause I know the Devil laugh
Came from the dark, so the light is the better half
A gift and a curse, yeah, the shit'll split your head in half
Came from the light source then hit the dark force
Now I need sight, what you think I'm tryna spark for?
Played the fast lane, think I'm tryna park for?
Me and [?] was like twelve on a rock tour
When bass hit, basic, I was in the Matrix
Just gettin' out of it, told my wife I'm proud of it
I say the illest rhymes, smoke the loudest shit
Besides that, I be in the hood where it's live at
Spit from the soul, I feel, would he survive that?
Some call me G-Host others call me S Dot
I'm on Earth now but Heaven'll be my next spot
I been in Hell more than you been on your desktop
Nigga

[Chorus]
I been goin' thru hell gotta make it to Heaven
My niggas whip around in the 5, 6's and 7's
4's and them 3's too, know we keep it G too
It's hard so I'm kneelin' down to God like "I need you"

[Break]
I need you God
Poobz said they fuck around and kill us, word

[Verse 2]
Why ask the question to somethin' you know the answer to?
The angeld sing, the devil tries to dance wit'chu
You a nerd then the gangsters wanna lamp wit'chu
Then you become wild and the biz get scared to camp with you
These are my trials and my tribulations
Blowin' weed for the stimulation
My body's my temple, the crib need renovations
I'm the contractor
Can't be the boss of the mob without the don factor
Make your wife smile
Bring your mom laughter and your kids, too
Smoke and drink wit'chu niggas
Get a couple Europeans, couple minks wit'chu niggas
If we can't get it together, shit, we can never hang (never)
Can't trust you with the work, we can never slang (never)
Can't trust you by a cop, we can never bang (never)
'Cause you never heard rap buy a nigga name (never)
'Cause I've stand up (word)
Had to man up and kneel down
Tell God that it's real now
It's life after death but is it death after death (is it?)
'Cause I've been breathin' real hard, breath after breath
Is it step after step or do I run to it?
This a wicked game, tell me do I bring my son to it? (Noah, what up?)
I'm at the bar then bring my gun to it 'cause love is love
But if it's war then blood is blood

[Chorus]
I been goin' thru hell gotta make it to Heaven
My niggas whip around in the 5, 6's and 7's
4's and them 3's too, know we keep it G too
It's hard so I'm kneelin' down to God like "I need you"

[Verse 3]
About to go bananas, no peel
For my jail niggas, peanut butter in they oatmeal
Homie got a target on his face, how [?] feel?
See 'em on the other side, tell you how his Ghost feel
Shit don't smoke but I'm gettin' more smoke still
Talk about the wave, fuck around, get the boat keeled
High tide, I'm the fly guy on a float still
Can't forget the days when I haven't eaten, no frills
Prayers then I roll up
Throw the peace sign, I know God see me throw it up
I know I don't know enough (I know)
Learn more, burn more, that's what I got a turn for
Can't turn back time but I could turn on my mind and move forward
Pray the Lord we all gon' shine (Lord)
Shotty and the cherokee, smokin' to get therapy
Speakin' on behalf of these niggas that got felonies
Knows and pains from they lost ones memories
Nigga

[Chorus]
I been goin' thru hell gotta make it to Heaven
My niggas whip around in the 5, 6's and 7's
4's and them 3's too, know we keep it G too
It's hard so I'm kneeling down to God like "I need you"