[Intro]
Yeah
Oh damn Goddamn
You Know the name
Yeah
So I be smokin' every hatin nigga

[Part I]
Tak is back you jack, call it Shak Attack
I'm back to crack your back if you talkin' smack
Dumb fade to black, you nothin' but a damn wack
Been tellin' my homie "my nigga murder the track"
Man, my trap, nigga my rap so fucking phat
Big O, niggi, orgasm, you can fake that
Big E, niggi, eargasm, never fake that
Aim at your head and hat, nigga take that
When you mention my name better be cautious
Nigga, my nigga, me fuckin' furocious
Me am, the shit, I so obnoxious
Fuck em! I rock em, I knock 'em unconcious
I knockin' 'em all, each of you haters, and every foe
Ra got no time fo' no bitches, you know
Bodies on bodies all over the floor

Playin' fo' keeps, my nigga me no jokin'
When Death in the air, see you mafucka chokin'
I showin' no mercy on 'em when I smoke em
I Laughin my ass off when I see you coughin'
I'll carry your coffin my nigg in a minute
I raiding your castle mofo, I bombing it
See angels are weepin', and the devil grinnin'
Forgive me my mighty God, I know i sinnin'
Niggaaaaa

Fear, made you stunk, then imma call you skunk
Man, I make a muthafucka shake, call that shit blue funk
God, slammin' every pussy hater muthafucka, that's a dunk
This a murder, I drivin' you crazy, I'm killin' a punk, puttin' his bloody body in the trunk
Oh! He's an alien, he actin' just like a barbarian
Oh shit! He finna start buryin' us so we better start runnin', the man is a monster, Goddamian
Niggi he's evil, niggi I'm lyrically lethal, I should be freakin' illegal
Honestly speakin' I got no love fo' you damn people


[Interlude]
Wow, Imma let them breathe, boy
I makin' every sucka hater fuckin' wheezin'
Don't hate fo' nothin' just hate me fo' this Goddamn reason
Goddamn demons whisper in my ears
Sip 'em blood, boy, drink em tears
Act an animal, just kill em bishes
We want u actin so mufuckin' vicious


[Part II]
You heard the bitch, I smoke you out
I hurt you bitch, see you bleedin' out
Murder you bitch, ain't no fuckin' doubt
With every verse I need a hearse and a shroud
Spittin' no hooks, me droppin' nukes
Your breath, soul, life will be took
You finna see how Goddamn Reaper look
You better be readin' every holy book
And believe in Mohammed and Moses and Jesus
Breakin' 'em hearts, 50 thousand pieces
Hoe muthafucka blow so many penis
Galons of cum wut a damn sucker sneezes
You just a flock of pathetic fucks
Thinkin you hot, my nigga you not
I'm kickin your butt, you lil bitty slut
The crap better shut, your trap better shut

No gun in my hand, but my mouth a bazooka
Muthafuck peace, so sorry Dr. Luther
I see Karma wavin' at me, know she's a hooker
No time fo' no bitches, so me overlook her
Honestly man, I'ma psycho, Yagami Raito
Murder you, if I don't like yo
Burnin' your ass, I'ma pyro
Put him in a grave and tell 'em good night foe
Hittin' your spinal so hard like Tyson
You can never hide, man, this is the Final
Destination, this the Amazone
Whether you eat or be eaten, I call this "Survival"
Eatin' you pigs, no knife and no fork
Forgive me God fo' eatin' that pork
Puttin' my dick, deep in your throat
For you shit talk, I make u choke

Aaaaa, lemme calm my nerve
Breakin' mofos up is a fuckin' urge
Fuck up like a psycho perv
I pop your head like Malcom X and Kurt
Cobain, 8 Streets, no games
I got good aim, I pop your brain, oh damn, Goddamn
I see the bitch in you, I see the snake in you
Turn around, boy! take a look, and you'll see me comin' after you, boy I'm comin' for you
He be like "wut the hell I'm 'posed to do?"
They be like " wut the hell we 'posed to do?"
Shit, I be like "ain't nothin' you can do"
I murder the Y, kill the O, and the U
Nigga, death come in threes, call him D. Wade
Suckas afraid! you niggas afraid
The sound of your gossip is a serenade
Nope! attention is never paid

Fuckin' 'em all, nigga, like Johnny Sins
Man I said it befo, shall I say it again?
I am misunderstood, man, I know people do hate wut they don't understand
"-Look at this alien, he just a freak!
Somebody tell me wut he say when he speak!
-All the fuck I know his name is Tareek
I don't know! maybe the man speakin' greek!
-You fuckin' stupido he speakin' Zulu
-No, no my nigga, I think he from Pluto
-Damn the man anyway, he just a cuckoo
I don't like him anyway!
-Nigga who do?"
Nigga I'ma sinner, muthafucka you no winner
Where is Karma? never seen her! like her name is Johnny Cena

When I meet her Imma beam her
I be eatin' her vagina
Wanna hit me with that nina? muthafucka you a dreamer
Dickie sucker you a schemer, eatin' mofos every dinner
Man I call you Cavatina, bomb you nigga, Hiroshima
Runnin' so fast like a Bimmer, and you actin' like hyenas
Fuckin' em up, duckin' em up, duckin' em up, boy
Fuckin em up, boy, takin' em out, takin' em out, boy
Knockin em out, boy, fuckin' em up, fuckin' em up, boy
Knockin em out, boy, takin' em out, takin' em out, boy
Wow, I gotta slow a bit down, 'fore I breakin' you mofo down
I do make your head spin around, men, I be takin' you down

The Blazin' killin' 'em just like a pest
All of 'em gone when I'm bangin' my chest
See none in east, nigga none in west
Swallow your pride, can you, B, digest?
This is a raid mofo, this ain't a test
This is a war, man this is a conquest
Nothin' but shots, better put on a vest
So you better take cover, go back to your nest
Lyrically venomous, lyrically venomous
Man I fuckin do it big, hippopatamus
Hungry fo' more! fucked up hypothalamus
Never forgive, I'm not a magnanimous
Freezin' em all, Subzero like it
Killin' em all, man the Reaper like it
Burnin' em all, man, Hephaestus like it
Hell with them all, they spit nothin like it

Sleepin' on me homie, 'bout to push em off the bed
Wake up in a coma, or a sucka nigga dead
Seven evil devil nigga fuckin' up my head
Kill em with no feeling, wut my fuckin' demon said
I had to listen to every demon
Emotionally cold, damn my nigga I'm freezin'
I shootin', shootin, I shootin, i squeezin
I'm losin' it, losin', I'm losin' my reason
I'm losin' myself in this damn instrumental
Fuck bein' humble, and bein' gentle
I am so ill, my illness is mental
Holyshit, I think I am detrimental
Malicious, so vicious, I'm fuckin' pernicious
Capricious, ambitious, Gloria delicious
Think Karma's fallacious, she superstitious
I shoot muthafuckas fo' bein' suspicious


[Outro]
Slain
Oh lawwwwd
Man I had
No time fo' hooks, killed em with every bar
That was a murda, Allahou akbar
Yea
Gone