[Intro]
Get it, get it...get it, come on get down X4
[?]
Don't know how to do this
Is we who know how to do this
Yeah Boy

[Verse 1]
Bass, how low can you go? Death row
What a brother know, once again
Back is the incredible, rhyme animal
The uncountable, beef
Public Enemy Number One, five, four, said freeze
And I got none, can I tell them that I never really had a gun
But it's the wax of the Terminator X fun
Now they got me in the cell, took my recozay cell
Cuz a brother like me  said well,  power cuz I'm a profit I think y'all listen to
(What they can say to you) What you wanna do, wanna do...wanna do

[Speaker 1]
Rose, and they say we ain't even supposed to talk right? Sold, first words or people heard coming in, so we can buy for skin. Brothers from other mothers, one from the South, one from New York. Sold, so we go. Marked black in the market. black in the market. black in the market.That matters, all lives matter, and all black lives matter. Cuz if we don't matter, nobody matters. We scattered. But sking is a business, like prison be a business bro. These government last names born a business. Black market unequal, built on deeds of evil. Asked a judge. Nods his head but his finger don't budge. And so we marked. Black market

[Verse 2]
(Play that music)
[?]
Looking at my bitch, I bet she give your ass a bone
Looking at my wrist and it turn your ass to stone
Stretched limousines, sipping rosie all alone
Double headed monster with a mind of his own
Cherry red, cherry head, he said it's just my character
All black tux, nigga shoes lavender
I never needed acceptance from all you outsiders
Had ciphers with Ezzy before his mouth white

[Verse 3]
Before his jaw shatter climbing up the Lord's ladder
We still speeding, running science like they don't matter
Haters talking never made me mad, never then
Not when I'm in my favorite paper tag
Bell 4, G4's at the clear port, when they came twos
Fool imma pet boy, when it came to dope
I was quick to export, never tied a ball and so it's on to the next sport
New Mercedes Sedan, the next sport, so many cars
DMV thought it was mail fraud, different tracks I was getting mail from
Pope county, Jacksonville, Dayton, Millborn
Whole clique, appetite, had tapeworms, then they tied up in they grass
Final as my Jay Burns, I cheered a table before the night's over
God bless the man I put this ice over, Game 2Pac money twice over
Sill a real nigga red, Gucci sweater, dice roller
I'm making love to the angel of death, catch your feelings
Never stumble, retracing my steps
Catch your feelings, never stumble, retracing my steps