[Speaker 1]
Let's start music for one second, I got this drop. I gotta drop from one of di realest nigga in Dade County. Some time ago, it was a week before I release my very first mixtape. My nigga made a prediction on the intro that I wish he was here, to see it come to pass. Write some Paradise, Street Legend, Dirty White. My nigga spoken words went like this:

[Speaker 2]
Hold up man, cuz you know am trippin'. I need my stank when two eye
Boy. Boy y'all know who dis here? Boy dis Dirty White boy. One a di realest niggas in Dade County. Dis Rick Ross shit here. Port of Miami next year! Y'all fuck niggas better be ready for it boy. Cuz dis shit won

[Verse 1]
Black market, huh, Fleecy Murder, imma make them sell
Alright P soldiers, Black market, huh, Fleecy Murder
Black market, huh, Fleecy Murder
Black market, huh, Fleecy Murder, imma make them sell
Alright P soldiers
Follow procedure, pray I don't have a seizure
Took a nigga life like a shot of Tequila
Follow procedure, pray I don't have a seizure
Took a nigga life like a shot of Tequila
Follow procedure, pray I don't have a seizure
Took a nigga life like a shot of Tequila
Follow the leader, no cover my back
I went over your head, never leaving no tracks
Renegotiated, heavy they cover my tax
Stack a couple bodies, the shit in the trap
I holla dey hoes, I spoke and dey puff
L.A Reid they one who still trying to touch me
Invest in the staff, maybe payoff they tabs
Cross me, somebody tell them you nigga be careful
Fuck a hoe, gushes coming at your jugular
, never heard of meet cutting yuh tummy tuck
Another tap, another day homie, stay off the phone
I know the feb told me
I think I need another Percocet
Cross the county line, an boy, quit the murder shit
Black Camaro, wanna dem sixes always spinning
So dey [?] where these young niggas
Killing but they call it living
Palm trees at the trap nigga, Am Master P with a pack nigga
C-Murder for a stack nigga, And I ain't even have to rap nigga

[Outro]
(Made back music) That’s the end
(Say huh, huh)
(Na na nana, na na nana)
(Nigga say huh, huh)
(Na na nana, na na nana)
(Nigga say huh) Yeah