Whatelse!
[Intro/Semi-Hook: Ryan Leslie]
So when I fly, you fly, we fly together
And when I shine, you shine we shine forever
Shakedown yeah

[Verse 1: Red Cafe:]
I'm a boss so I need a boss chick
And we can boss up like the bosses
All about green like Paul Pierce
Mayweather flow, look, zero losses
Dime in the day, diamond at night
Five star chick 'bout that five star life
I must admit I'm a fan
Your shoe game ruthless, girl, god damn
Been a few years you're my number 1
Blood in my veins, breath in my lungs
We the ones winning so they want toast
We a item, blend like Rum Coke
Love the way you're doing it, keep doing it now
Fly like a jet blue stewardess
You can fly alone but I don't advise it
I'm inviting you to fly with the pilot

[Hook: Ryan Leslie:]
So when I fly you fly we fly together
And when I shine you shine we shine forever baby
So when I fly you fly we fly together
And when I shine you shine we shine forever oh yeah

[Verse 2: Rick Ross:]
She wanna hit me on the iChat
On the iPad, flying in the sky caps
Shawty got a nice job but works too hard
Put that shit... now welcome to the mall
I need my women mogul, I make the picture mogul
Double MG is global , still ride or role for dolo
I ain't rocking no polo but I'm...
Her heart beating so fast cause I'm taking my time
Yeah I get it and lick it, I just handle my business
School of the VS1's, national or not difference
And my Bentley just dippin', I keep her by my side
My life a runway, and it's time to fly

[Hook: Ryan Leslie:]
So when I fly you fly we fly together
And when I shine you shine we shine forever baby
So when I fly you fly we fly together
And when I shine you shine we shine forever oh yeah

[Verse 3: Red Cafe]
Yeah! Yeah! I’m a boss so I need a boss chick (HA!)
And we could play house in my fortress (HUH!)
Feet kicked up corner office (Yeah!)
Royalty princess in my crosses
She wanna tear the mall down well I let her do
Hear go my credit cards (Yep!) And the debit too (Yep!)
I like your attitude (Ha!) Guess I’m supposed to
See you on Facebook (What’s up?) So I poked you (What Else?!)
HA! Biggest couple on campus
Stylin on ‘em all ever since prom dances (Damn!)
Me and my boo, you know how I do
Toss keys to valet on arrival
HA! We in here like a hostage
Your my better half in that full length Ostrich
Any time you fall through it’s a blood bath
Swag killin’ them hoes now leave your autograph

[Hook: Ryan Leslie]
So when I fly you fly we fly together
And when I shine you shine we shine forever baby
So when I fly you fly we fly together
And when I shine you shine we shine forever oh yeah

[Refrain: Ryan Leslie]
There, ain't, no, stoppin, by your side I will fly
Let's, go, house, shoppin, and the one you like I will buy
I'll, be, your, superhero, you'll be my Wonder Woman baby!
Let's fly together, oh my!!!!!

[Hook: Ryan Leslie]
So when I fly, you fly, we fly together
And when I shine, you shine, we shine forever, baby
So when I fly, you fly, we fly together
And when I shine, you shine, we shine forever
Oh Yeah!!!

[Refrain 2: Ryan Leslie]
I care for how we leavin, until the sky we reachin
We can f-fly together baby
We'll fly, we'll fly togther baby
I care for how we leavin, until the sky we reachin
We can f-fly together baby
We'll fly, we'll fly togther baby

[Outro/Break: Red Cafe]
You are now flyin with the best!
If not me then who?
Your address is now cloud nine
Believe that!