I didn't mention the..misses havender
My only artist are money heavy the manager
And calling pretty when pretty girls is the passenger
She says she dreams.. somewhere in Africa
..sweetest the artist graffiti
She got the dirty version and ..on the CD
When we in person is the singing
I've been that Maybach nigga..the curtain
She told me the sign next mine ..the dollars
I'm pimpin all this suckers the canario the prada
See me a star far from a bitch warmer
Shit get out of kitchen I just warm up
Don't..to notice what you're living like
You got a nigga with credit but what it's dreaming like
Meet me at the choffa, make classes spend the night
I'm knocking floor..with the limit slice
I'm a ball she can tell by the.. streaming
And red Gucci slippers she can ..get the soul
I'm a boss she can tell by the Rose
The new black fifty cent and next that I drove
She needs to get away let's get in Puerto Rico
Money, machines and the Bentley of this speed bow
Clear for custom I'm straight to the..
We're getting bully ..next to ..
She not regular ..who not selling baby town
All the friends wanna fuck she wanna head you..no
We stay no, working out trying to make you strong
I'll be in it for a minute trying to break ..
She daddy .. but now she fuck with me
She finally made it to the biggest spot like a ..
See my life doubts similar of the life doubts
..for a chest full of ice dog
She in love a nigga even if I get a rent
..should I seen a smile when she got it this..
I'm in the dance, so I'm in a hurry
When we stand every time I want to ..in a fur
She went from ..the air France
Air masters stacks and in a hurry miss
Rubies ..there's getting movie premieres
Our true religion is Christian you don't forgive a Lord
She ..my king magazine, once I get you ..in jeans
By the boom, by the beam
I've been the 40 40 I see Beyonce
They cut the J, I mean look at my fiance
That's in stack of approval, from player to player
Let me obey the.. it's not what you ..
The Maserati niggas, I get the checks yeah
I'm like the ..baby I am soil..
I came from the ghetto
I'm on top of the world, gotta seat it on the bottom
So when you look at me, recognize the king
Recognize the boss, recognize the dream