[Intro]
Early morning on the balcony in my Versace briefs, nigga
Ocean splashes against the stones

[Verse 1]
Rollin wit it it be too heavy to hold it nigga
Rollin hop out hit you right in your emoji nigga
Stories commonly echo throughout the battlefield
Familiar faces fire from inside a Cavalier
Where were you when we squadded up to retaliate
Pardon my French, German Ruger inside the Palisades
Sun seekers and (?), let's have a yacht parade
200 feet too long for the Feds to come confiscate
In the mall I make her smile like Arsenio Hall
Front or back I fuck her raw while accepting my calls
When in right or wrong, still I'm reciting my songs
Kid dynamite, this why they call me the bomb
Took another date, landed in another state
This a lot of raw dishes on my dinner plate
No squid, no crab, all I want is fish
At the wedding I got married singing reminisce
Body guard, fuck you and that body guard
Make 'em come pick up a body 'fore the party start
Ferrari fat boy, they fuck with me on snap chat
I get the party, started fuck her sliding out the back
Her favorite show is How To Get Away With Murder
I got a couple ways, hope your ass a quick learner
Boss, and they call me Renzel
Fuck 'em like I'm Denzel

[Hook 1: Future]
Where your ass was at dog, when niggas wouldn’t feed me?
Where your ass was at dog, when bitches didn’t need me?
Where your ass was at dog, when niggas tried to run off?
Where your ass was at dog? You made me pull this gun out

[Verse 2: Future]
Where your ass was at, dog, you went and switched sides?
Where your ass was at, dog, when niggas spread lies on him?
Where your ass was at, dog, when the bodies came sliding?
Where your ass was at, dog, when I was serving pies?
Where your ass was at, dog, when niggas wouldn’t feed me?
Where your ass was at, dog, when bitches didn’t need me?
Where your ass was at, dog, when niggas tried to run off?
Where your ass was at, dog? You made me pull this gun out
Where your ass was at, dog, when I was in the Pyrex?
Where your ass was at, dog, when I was drinking Hi-Tech?
Where your ass was at, dog? Came through the projects
Where your ass at? We keep that fully loaded contracts
Had to rent that on the dick ass jocking
Running through the pussy like a nigga going jogging
Fuck a little Louis, put it in a bitch pocket
Put a pic with me on the gram now you popping
Where your ass was at when I was trapping in the stove?
Had to struggle to get where I'm at and sell dope
Jackie Chan moves got game in the choke
Gas rolling up in the blunt, Amoco

[Hook 2: Future]
12 tryin' come in the spot to open up the dope
Burglar bar doors gotta young nigga confident
Juugin' out the stove and we still bangin', honest
Blowing on the O ho, we call that ho an onion

[Verse 3: Drake]
Man, where your ass was at when we took the city over?
Where your ass was at when all they'd ask was what's the hold up?
Where your ass was at when niggas first got the news?
Now your ass around because we’re paying back dues
Where were you? When all the dogs needed help
Lawyers and the commissary ain’t gon’ pay itself
Where your ass was at when we recorded in the bathroom?
Where your ass was at I take attendance like a classroom
Man I ain’t got no choice
Cause nowadays I swear this shit done changed up for the boy
I’m self-made, selfish with my women, self-employed
I’ll buy the neighbors house if they complain about the noise
Man, where your ass was at, dog, when niggas wouldn’t feed me?
Where your ass was at, dog, when bitches didn’t need me?
Where your ass was at, last winter was the coldest?
Fuck where you was at, I had the 6 on my shoulders

[Hook 1: Future]
Where your ass was at dog, when niggas wouldn’t feed me?
Where your ass was at dog, when bitches didn’t need me?
Where your ass was at dog, when niggas tried to run off?
Where your ass was at dog? You made me pull this gun out

[Verse 4: Future]
60 for a walk, bitch don’t panic
Had them bitches fall through fucking like a savage
Heard you tryna swim in the ocean no jacket
Heard that nigga came through squeezing on a ratchet
Heard that nigga came through squeezing on a ratchet
Serve a lot of dog food; call you a mutt
Where your ass was at dog, when I was on my come-up?
The reason I’m here today cause I ain't never gave up
Where your ass was at, dog, when niggas wouldn’t feed me?
Where your ass was at, dog, when bitches didn’t need me?
Where your ass was at, dog, when niggas tried to run off?
Where your ass was at, dog? You made me pull this gun out
Where you ass was at, when I was trapping at the stove?
Had to struggle to get where I was at and sell dope

[Hook 2: Future]
12 tryin' come in the spot to open up the dope
Burglar bar doors gotta young nigga confident
Juugin' out the stove and we still bangin', honest
Blowing on the O ho, we call that ho an onion