Once about a time there was a kid

Who didn't have a bicycle or a car that skid

Only thing he had was Pat and Turner

He didn't know the future but the lesson to learn-ah

Way to get started in the music biz

Just listen to the story as I tell it like it is

I was a youngster from East Junior High School

Who thought somebody with Adidas sweat-shirt was cool

It symbolized somethin, but I don't know

I wanted to be down really really bad so

I asked one of my best friends Derek Mangareu

"C'mon man can I be down can I be down witcha crew?"
He had one by the name of Masters of Control

I wanted to be down, so I could play the role

He said, "No you're not good enough we have ours Mark"

I went home and sat in the room with no lights in the dark

And this is gonna be a rough rendezvous

And that's why I sing this song to you


I'm a lonely soldier.. yeah..

Many miles from home..

With a heart that's heavy..

And with.. a will that's strong


I got a little older, three years to be exact

When a crew named Midnight Express gave me a crack

It consist of one MC and two DJ's

And the way Kevin D cut had me amazed

It was like I just joined the Lakers

Or even Rock Steady or the New York City Breakers

I was in 11th grade, at ?? High

They was sayin they was sayin hey what's wrong with this guy

Because all he do, is bang on tables and mumble

And doin music with his mouth like a band ensemble
Or the human beatbox wasn't thought about

And the teachers they thought I was crazy without a doubt

I guess they didn't understand what I was comin from

Since I was into MC'n, they thought I was dumb
Then there was a teacher by the name of Ms. K Parke

Since I was good at rememberin numbers she said I was smart

But that don't got nothin to do with this rendezvous

And THAT'S why I sing this song to you!


I'm a lonely soldier.. yeah..

Many miles from home..

With a heart that's heavy..

And with.. a will that's strong


I was a walkin son of a gun before the day I begun

I'mma tell you how it started, from day one

Well me, I lived in ]??[, they lived in C.I

I was ambitious and devoted til the day I'd die

I used to get on Fair Islip, take the S-42

Get off at Bunanan Street, and go to the house of the crew

I would walk from C.I., to Bay Shore

Just to see if I really had the rhymes galore

I'd go to house parties here, go to house parties there

Walk the ?? ?? pants off my derriere

Like if I was David Carridine who played "Kung Fu"

Who would walk from China to Japan without a shoe

Hummin beats, sayin rhymes, kept me goin

From givin up or bein crazy, or just stop flowin

My teachers and parents said, I should just stop

Just go to army go to college get a job witcha POPS?!

I can't take no more of this rendezvous

And that's why I sing this song to you!


I'm a lonely soldier.. yeah..

Many miles from home..

With a heart that's heavy..

And with.. a will that's strong


I'm a lonely soldier..

Many miles from home..

With a heart that's heavy..

And with.. a will that's strong