[Biz Markie]
Maaaan, this is the last.. record on the album
I got my man Craig Craig in the house
Kevin Dee from Midnite Express Crew's in the house
Charles' brother's in the house
Squig Love is in the house
Cool V on the vocal, gettin me mad
But I'm gonna lil' do a lil' somethin like this
Check this out

One.. two.. one, two, three
On and on and on and on and on
On and on and on and on and on
On and on and on and on and on
Non-stop rappin to the break of dawn
I'm the Biz Mark, and I'm a sure shot
All of a sudden, you you you you..
I got a friend by the name of Charlie
Charlie got a wife by the name of Dolly
Dolly and Charlie got a son named Wally
And Wally got a girl by the name of Polly
Polly got a sister by the name of Molly
Molly and Polly got a mother named Holly
Father named Arthur, we call him Artie
You don't understand and I'm very very sorry
Cousin named Freida, Uncle named Skeeter
He's married to my fine Aunt Rita
Who is the leader, of the merry cheaters
So, I don't greet ehr cause my Uncle don't need her
Grandma Joyce, drives a Rolls Royce
Of the family I'm a favorite choice
Buddy named Homer, used to be a loner
Now he got a girl by the name of Mona
Now that Homer's marries to Mona
All he does all day is bone bone bone her
Partner named Lex, get big respect
Drivin in his black 300 Z-X
Week after next, when Lex his get check
Me and Lex will be chillin in the X
My girl Eleanor, went to the drugstore
To get deoderant, I figure for sure
Cause the one she used before made her underarms sore
And that's why Eleanor, don't use it no more
Her girl named Betty, who used to go with Freddie
Asked me was I ready, for us to go steady
I told Betty, I wasn't ready
To go steady, cause it would hurt Freddie
A girl named Glen, she's my best friend
Known her ever since who knows when
And do you comprehend, the message that I send
Of family and friends of Grandpa Ben
Like this like that like that like this
You know the Biz Mark's on top of the list
I rock the house and MC'sll know-a
'Member when they had a place called Shanendoah?
Shanendoah, and St. Noah
Biz Markie, the def rhyme flower
Yo I would not rely on Noah
(??) all the (??) like an MC sewer
Ziga-rocka-zayga, MC say a
A different kind of rhythm of rhymin display-a
{*beatboxing*} AHH AHH AHHA AHH AHH, HEE HEE HEE HEE HEE
The original B-I-Z
With the C-double-O L-V you see
Ain't no other MC like me!
Cause I will rock say immediately
That's why I'm chillin in the L-I-N-D, E with the N
With the MC street
You will agree it's me, cause I rock a funky beat
The, oh-riginal B, I-Z-M-A-R
K-I with the E, are a superstar
They are I am me, is it because I
Know how R-A-P, no, I think it's deep
Cause my DJ Cool V is a rockin
And a guaranteed to rock and be always clockin
So listen to the hyper, MC fifer
Is it because, yo, I'm not the type of guy
That know how to make a B-I-Z-M-A
R-K-I-and you know that the rhymes fly
Now I go on, zest and sing
Man appointed rap king make the 'phone sing
I'm Biz Mark, the microphone king-er
Down to wreck your body, super-educated
Like swinger of a rap, make your hands clap
Soon to adapt; hey - say, oh Jack
With the rhyme of the MC time
Will agree it's me, Aries is my sign
So is Cool V, nine-teen
Down to wreck your body and on the scene
We went to the fight with Foreman/Holyfield
All of a sudden, we saw a shield
Of girls comin round with the MC sound
Will agree it's me, (??) just around
Just listen to the S-K-V
And ain't another MC messin with me
Even though I got my haircut, down to wreck your body
And make all your girls shake your butt
Just listen don't be missin cause I won't be dissin
On Z-100, Hot 97
KISS and 'BLS'n I got the profession of
{*beatboxing*} AHH AHH AHH, BPP, ah one, chk two and
The lesson with the rhyme of a MC time
Will agree it's me, Aries is my sign
I said that say once, I'm not a dunce
It don't matter to me, nu-ance
Was a per-fume, go and consume
Is it because I'm Biz and I'm in a room
Just (??) to my vocal, I'm not a local
I'm Biz, you can call me a yokel
I'm not from California, I'm not from Kansas City
I'm not not part of the itty titty bittie
Committee with the rhyme, you will agree it's me
The original, M-U-D, D-F-double-O-T hey it's me
Ahh, ahh, P-E-C-E-E
I spell it wrong goin on
To the break of dawn, word is bond
It sound kind of funky, don't it Kevin?
'Member when me and you used to go to 7/11
.. when Shelton worked there?
He used to give us food, and he was fair
Not because we was on the wel-fare
Just because we were down, and we didn't care
But now I'm a millionaire makin my rap
And I'm freakin that dance, make your hands clap
Now are, you, gonna keep the vocal
B-S I hope so cause I'm B(?)