[Hook]: Don't bring her around if that's yo bitch! Better leave her at home if that's yo bitch! Don't bring her to the club if that's yo bitch! Homie if that's yo bitch! (Yeah) (yeah) Yo Bitch

[Verse 1: Ali]
Don't bring your girl around me
True player for real boy ask ya bitch 'bout me
A wise man said "don't bring sand to the beach"
And a OG told me "better check ID",
You bring her to the club I'mma take her from ya
Soon as he turn his back boy I be getting her number
Don't never know whats gone happen gotta keep me a condom
But I'll be dicking yo ho down fo' the rest of the song! (Aye)

[Hook]: Don't bring her around if that's yo bitch! Better leave her at home if that's yo bitch! Don't bring her to the club if that's yo bitch! Homie if that's yo bitch! (Yeah) (yeah) Yo Bitch!

[Verse 2: YG]
[Ad-lib: If that's yo biiitch! ooh woo oo, (400!)]
Look I'm tryna get, get in them thighs
Young nigga game colder than the winter time
She said her boyfriend don't hit it right
Run thru a nigga bitch like a finish line
Young blood nigga, yeah I be trippin' 5
She want my digits so I gave that bitch my bidness line
Wonder why 'cuz you a whack, old nigga
Straight, took his bitch like jack mode nigga!

[Hook]: Don't bring her around if that's yo bitch! Better leave her at home if that's yo bitch! Don't bring her to the club if that's yo bitch! Homie if that's yo bitch! (Yeah) (yeah) Yo Bitch!

[Verse 3: Strap]
If I was you homie I wouldn't bring her around
Word around town she been fuckin' around
First rule to the G Code, Control yo ho
Why she dancing at the club? She should be at the condo
Got ya ho jumpin on my dick like a pogo
Tried to put her pussy on my lips that's a no go
I don't love that bitch, I don't trust that bitch
Like Tone said man I don't cuff that bitch (Aye!)

[Hook]: Don't bring her around if that's yo bitch! Better leave her at home if that's yo bitch! Don't bring her to the club if that's yo bitch! Homie if that's yo bitch! (Yeah) (yeah) Yo Bitch!

[Verse 4: Quez]
Don't bring ya girl around, somebody might scoop her
If the ball is in my court, then we might alley-oop her (alley oop her)
If that's yo b-i-t-c-h you better hold hand
Don't let her run up like a fan
I take her to hotel and. fuck yo bitch! [Hook]