[Intro]
Yeah, I got a question
Huh
After the show, after the set, after the music stops, what's next?
Are we just writin' songs? Or are we concerned with uniting a people to follow the Great Commission of Christ?
Yeah, let's get it
Oh! Let's go! Woo!

[Verse 1]
Back in the day I was a lunch line rapper
After that, I guess I was a punch line rapper
Then I got saved and sometime after
Ya boy came back as a frontline rapper
And when I say the frontlines, that's not a frontline
I’m out here preachin’ Christ on the frontlines
And, no, it ain't about rockin' stages
'Cause some of my engagements are out on the pavement, yeah
I'm out to take the Bible
Create disciples who make disciples, disciple cycles
That's why I want the beats to knock
So after the music stops you can meet the Rock
I pray—that you would know Him well
This is like show and tell
It's more than a show, I'm showing you Emmanuel
So yeah I’m hopin’ that you're likin' the flow
But it's only so you could know that God I’m writing it for
Let's go!

[Hook]
After the show, after the set, after the music stops, what's next?
Will there be fellowship, prayer, disciples, will you open your Bibles?
After the music stops
After it’s over, after it ends, after the music stops, what then?
Will you understand that Christ is King? Or were you just like the words we sing
After the music stops

[Verse 2]
I recorded a couple songs some fast, some slow
So the listeners would know the importance of the show
The importance of the show's not to excite these folks
But make God's Truth relevant, ignite these folks
Discipleship is our call, but we make disciples
This is not a suggestion, create disciples
The teachin' is a process, it's not overnight
And it’s not a stage and a mic, nah, it's life on life
Christ walked with twelve, ate with twelve, talked to twelve, shaped the twelve
Invested in 'em well, you could say that He made the twelve
Who made many more, who made plenty more
Now it's on you and me if there's anymore
One teach, two teach, three teach, four teach
Five teach, six teach, seven teach, more
This is what we've been commissioned, it's the reason why I write
So that you could hear the Truth, not so you can say I’m tight
Whoa!

[Hook]
After the show, after the set, after the music stops, what's next?
Will there be fellowship, prayer, disciples, will you open your Bibles?
After the music stops
After it’s over, after it ends, after the music stops, what then?
Will you understand that Christ is King? Or were you just like the words we sing
After the music stops

[Verse 3]
So, we write this for the right, the speaker was righteous
And then we might check for a culture who likes the hypeness
Some say we keep it krunk, some say we hype, man
We just wanna pump the resurrection of the Christ, man
We in the 'burbs and the hoods that's hostile
We share a common view like synoptic Gospels
And you know we keep a couple young dudes around us
And teach 'em the same trues God used to ground us
This is a lifestyle, so when the mic's down
I pray people follow Christ when they turn the lights down
I pray that everybody playin’ this song
Will be challenged by everything I had to say in this song
I don’t do this for the money, I don’t do this for fame
I don’t do this so the industry can know my name
I do this in hopes to glorify Yeshua, the King
If you’re feelin’ me you know you should be doin’ the same
Let’s go!

[Hook]
After the show, after the set, after the music stops, what's next?
Will there be fellowship, prayer, disciples, will you open your Bibles?
After the music stops
After it’s over, after it ends, after the music stops, what then?
Will you understand that Christ is King? Or were you just like the words we sing
After the music stops