[Intro] (spoken)
Thought it was just CDs and concerts? You must be kiddin' me! Nah man, this is a lifestyle. We traveling across the globe presenting the truth of Jesus, man! Let's go!

[Verse]
What up hip hop, what up gangstas, nerds
People in the hoods, reppin' out in the 'burbs?
Yeah, what up church? Listen, this is for you
We're restatin' the fact from the Scriptures written to you

That's right, we're still in your area
Ain't nothin' changed, we're still the truth carriers
Team got stronger, way more hunger
The one we follow is Christ, His grace flows stronger

They should have never dated team [nathesis]
'Cause now we pass ports both air and seas, yeah
We ain't no preachers, but catch us in Greece, yeah
Translating the Word from the Word to reach ya, yeah

We ain't looking for decisions and converts
You can put your hands down after the concert
Christ wants disciples, that's the aim
So after the heart change they can rep the name: Christ

And we ain't saying we don't want to see 'em saved
We're saying we wanna raise, not spiritual babes
So we keep the end in mind when we hittin' the stage
Every new believer means another soldier to train

You share the gospel, that's cool, what'cha do that for?
Now he got a new life, tell me who that for?
The goal ain't gettin him to heaven, thought you knew that bro
It's to train him so he can go and reach his crew back home, yeah

C'mon, y'all
13 letters, 13 letters, 13 letters
God wrote 'em through Paul all inspired and true
And we just want to spit 'em back to you
So what it do

Yeah
13 letters, 13 letters, 13 letters
God wrote 'em through Paul all inspired and true
And we just want to spit 'em back to you
So let's go

[Outro] (spoken)
Yeah, 1-1-6 Clique man! Here to present to you the truth of God! Thirteen letters, the Pauline Epistles, being spit to you over tracks, man. We got a diverse album right here, man. Folks from Phillie, St. Louis, Kansas City, Texas, Tennessee, all comin' together to promote the truth of God. No glory to none of us, man, all glory to God! We wanna give you a survey of the Pauline Epistles. It's not an exhaustive study, it's a survey of all the books. So get your Bible, get your pad, get your pen, turn your stereo up, and LET'S GO!