[Intro]
Welcome, this is Godline
All our lines are busy
Please wait, we'll help you in a moment
Hold the line

[Break: Dimitri McDowell]
Trying to connect with God
Trying to connect with God
Please just hold the line
Please just hold the line

[Zwrotka 1: Lecrae]
Would they believe if I resided on earth
Evacuated the dead out the dirt
If I healed all of the sick and fed the hungry
Brought the whole world peace?
Maybe some of that'd affect their belief? huh
Nah, prolly not! Cause I did those
And none of these folks ain't growin'; they on they tiptoes
And regression's progression for people who ain't got no wisdom
And a Father called these babblin' prophets and a couple MC's
They ain't believe the Father; why they gon' believe me?
I'm a mirror of his majesty, showing my glory candidly
Casually made a casualty; the world couldn't handle me
I created the sun, the moon, and the stars
I'm the star of my own show, I'm the leading role for sure
These Wizard of Oz kings claiming that they rule things
'Till I reappear and treat the planet like my mood ring
Who bring peace to your soul? Man, the prophets of old foretold
Of my resurrection. I'm offering you protection
I'm offering you the only hope the world will ever have:
Emmanuel, Son of God, Son of Man, the Lamb

[Interlude: Lecrae]
Take two of those
Call me in the morning
That's your prescription

[Break: Dimitri McDowell]
Trying to connect with God
Trying to connect with God
Please just hold the line
Please just hold the line

[Zwrotka 2: Tau]
Halo? Rejestracja? Proszę połączyć mnie z Bogiem
Nie mogę tu żyć, tracę głowę
Błagam, bo spadam i spalam się
Zaraz zakończę tą drogę na pogrzebie w grobie
Nie mogę, proszę o połączenie z doktorem
Co może mnie podnieść skuteczniej niż człowiek
Zapłacę, mam kasę, mam kartę, dam złoto
Cokolwiek potrzeba by kupić spokój na zawsze
Nie wiem, mam podać PESEL?
Pewnie, 79— jak to nie chcecie? Wściec się!
Dzwonie do was codziennie i mówicie że niewyspowiadanych
Wy nie przyjmujecie tylko w piekle
Oni, mają centyliony potępionych
Dają nam miliony możliwości by zwątpić
Poprosić? Proszę uwolnić z ciemności mnie taka moja wola
Błagam Boga o litości cień!
Nie! Przestań mnie kusić diable
Nie mogę żyć tak, nie mogę umrzeć w grzechu nagle
Nie! Przestań mnie dręczyć ciągle
Dzwonie i proszę o uzdrowienie doktorze

[Refren: Dimitri McDowell]
Hello my name is Dr. Jesus
Hell no your life is not for demons
Pray for forgivness not for riches
I heal your soul now go and grow in Love

[Break: Dimitri McDowell]
Trying to connect with God
Trying to connect with God
Please just hold the line
Please just hold the line