[Jeffrey R. Holland]
My beloved brothers and sisters...
I'm not certain just what are experience will be on judgement day...
But I will be very surprised if at some point in that conversation...
God does not ask us exactly what Christ asked Peter...
Did you love me?
The crucifixion, atonement, and resurrection of Jesus Christ...
Mark the beginning of a Christian life, not the end of it...
I testify from the bottom of my heart, with the intensity of my soul...
To all that can hear my voice, that those Apostolic keys have been restored to the earth...
And they are found in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints...
To those who have not yet joined in this great final cause of Christ with us, we say please come...
To those who were once with us...
I say that I fear you face a lot of long nights and empty nets...
The call is to come, to stay true, to love God, and lend a hand...
I include in that call to fixed faithfulness...
Every return missionary who ever stood in a baptismal font...
And with arm to the square said "Having been commissioned of Jesus Christ"...
That commission was to have changed your convert forever...
But it was surely supposed to have changed you forever as well...

[Angel]
Live for the future today and just forget yesterday's sorrows...
Because when you open the present that's when you find your tomorrow...
They say tomorrow is always a day away...
But I say, that this is the day that I say bye to yesterday and today...
Just like the broken clock on the wall I am only right for the moment...
So I'm going to preach the atonement to each and every opponent...
He's the proponent, he's shown it...
I'm the component, I've known it...
Just got to own it, even if I die I'll live in a moment...
No scrip or purse on this verse...
You know what's worse? Y'all are cursed...
Because prophecy is just history in reverse...
First I was fallen and Saul-ing, but now I'm balling Chris Paul-ing...
Magnified the calling, appalling like I was Elder Holland...
I stand tall and testify to every nation, kindred, tongue and every people...
Jesus wants us to be equal when we see the sequel...
Nothing's right because nothing's wrong...
Second coming won't be long...
Repping till I resurrect...
No regrets!

[Lecrae]
And they say...
You only live once so live it up tonight...
I hope we live twice cause I can't wait to give up this life...
Don't get me wrong I love my fam and my experience...
Been around the world and back seven wonders I done seen 'em...
Number eight is just us wondering what happens when we perish...
And I don't want no regrets I'mma tell the ones I cherish...
That I love 'em thinking of 'em on this red eye flight to Paris...
If I die before I wake at my wake please tell my parents...
That your son will positively wake in paradise...
Life is like a pair of dice so watch the ones you rolling with...
Roll the clip of my life you gon' see a bunch of empty bottles...
Broken hearts and blurry nights, Facebook likes and twitter follows...
Im not living for today cause tomorrow is looking pleasant...
And the future is a gift even though this is the present...
Yeah I do believe in heaven but my actions ain't the key...
Them gates remain locked if everything follow me...

[Suzy Rock]
So let ‘em know that when I come to the end of my road...
And they ask me was it worth it...
The hurting, the pain, and the life I chose...
I'll do it again in a heartbeat, heartbeat, heart-heart-heartbeat...
I'll tell 'em I'll do it again in a heartbeat, heartbeat, heart-heart-heartbeat...
And I died with no regrets...

[Lecrae]

You not a leader cause they follow you on Twitter...
And you not a man based up on your age and your gender...
If you die tonight you probably die a boy...
Chasing toys objectifying these women thinking they gon' bring you joy...
Don’t you want more than last night’s braggin' rights? What’s your life?
I know it's hard to think about underneath these flashing lights...
Scratch the surface money's worthless when it comes to finding purpose...
If you keep the end in focus you can't keep it when it's over...
And when it's over then something else starts...
Only thing that's really gon' matter is that hope inside your heart...
What you trusting in what you lusting in...
For that busty momma that's strutting in...
And you popping bottles you throwing dollars...
That's cool but partner this just in...
That you gon' live forever whether you want to or not...
Some of us gon' end up holy some of us gon' end up hot...
Tell this life to keep my problems kiss my momma when I'm gone...
Tell her I have no regrets and I'm home I'm home...

[Suzy Rock]
So let ‘em know that when I come to the end of my road...
And they ask me was it worth it...
The hurting, the pain, and the life I chose...
I'll do it again in a heartbeat, heartbeat, heart-heart-heartbeat...
I'll tell 'em I'll do it again in a heartbeat, heartbeat, heart-heart-heartbeat...
And I died with no regrets...