[Verse 1: Isaac]
If I hadn't seen it I wouldn't believe it, some say I'm bugging out. You changed my whole world, You did it right in front of my eyes. You got me in the daze and I don't mind, don't understand Your ways or time, but ends are right. For what You've done I owe you my life

[Hook]
Thought I was doing alright before, little did I know that I would need You more. You came along, made me realize that everything I had was nothing

[Chorus]
Now I'm so glad. No one could ever take the place of who You are (glad, glad), You have my heart. Now I'm so glad. And it's so amazing how You do the things you do (glad, glad), always come through
Ain't nobody touching my God, witness about Him, we go so hard. Get to know Him, you'll feel the same way too. And when I think it can't get better, I take a quick look back and think of all of that You done for me and it's always more than enough to make me glad

[Kirk]
Say my Pops does exceedingly abundantly. Above all that I could have asked
And think of all of that You done for me and it's always more than enough to make me glad

[Verse 2: KiKi]
My soul long for You. It took a while but once I let You into my life, I was so glad, yes I was, glad. Some love to pray to the air, but my heart knows You're there, cause You prove it to me and You've always been there
Thought I was doing alright before, little did I know that I would need You more. You came along, made me realize that everything I had was nothing

[Chorus]
Now I'm so glad. No one could ever take the place of who you are (glad, glad), You have my heart. Now I'm so glad. And it's so amazing how You do the things you do (glad, glad), always come through
Ain't nobody touching my God, witness about Him, we go so hard. Get to know Him, you'd feel the same way too. And when I think it can't get better, I take a quick look back and think of all of that You done for me and it's always more than enough to make me glad

[Verse 3: Lecrae]
Hey listen. I know it's heavy, you ain't gotta get your weight up. Running from your past, so tell your future to wait up. I used to wanna ball and with pretty ladies I'd lay up. Shooting for the stars, but I was missing my layups. My partners tell me stay up, but all I do is stay out. Late at night I'm up thinking how I can get my pay up. And when it came to God I thought I had to work my way up. Learned about His praise and now I can never repay Him. Rescue me from darkness, took me from the heartless. Lawless, boy you just don't know how good my God is. I met the Lord and then He hit me with some life game. It's stimulating, activating to the right thing

Ain't nobody touching my God, witness about Him, we go so hard. Get to know Him, you'd feel the same way too. And when I think it can't get better, I take a quick look back and think of all of that You done for me and it's always more than enough to make me glad
See I don't always like the process, but I'm always thankful for the results, you know. And think of all of that You done for me and it's always more than enough to make me glad