[Intro - Kel Mitchell]
I go by the name of Kel Mitchell!
And this is TeamBackPack!
Let's go!


[Dizzy Wright - Verse 1]
Yo, I'm so '96, back and on my grimy shit
Nigga get--whoever they'll sign me with is getting lit
Niggas take a risk, I made the list and now I rock the bells
You can't even rock a show than fuck niggas taught you well
Oh well, I'm giving knowledge out for free
She was following my Tweets, and now she swallowing the 'D'
What a freak, beep beep, I got the keys to the Jeep
Cause I'm smashing on these niggas, straight gassing on these niggas
Till I, surpass all the trash in the first class
See, I'm fast with the first pass, smoking bags of the first class, duh
Fucking dirt bag, cold enough to bring the shirt back
Looking at all these producers like, "where the fuck the work at?"
Niggas feel me, but they don't hear me like I hear me
Clearly niggas fear me, most likely gon' lose my life to envy
That's why I'm so open with what I'm smoking
I'm floating off what I'm toking, haters searching weak emotion
So no regrets, show respect or get showed the check
The flow the best, it's Funk Volume and you know the rest
Your little wifey has no respect
I stick it out and whip it out and she give the slowest neck
Okay, back to what I'm on, I'm going strong and I ain't working out
Yeah I'm what you heard about, the game just put my jersey out
Inhaled so much smoke a nigga had to burp it out
Get on tracks and murk it out, "that nigga so versatile!"
Nigga I must be going crazy
Vegas baby where they made me, bringing the flavor to your ear
Impeccable, these vegetables gon' hear me loud and clear
I'm obviously the competition that they fear
Dizzy Wright


[Lecrae - Verse 2]
Dope
What's happening?
Lecrae
Uh, old school
You ready?
Ey look, dollars, 7 digits
Call the chemist
I compound underground sounds with pronouns
So pronounce my name right
Rappers who take a stance; B-Boy
Popped it like I'm in the minds of these slaves until they free boy
Mischievous souls, who don't get it so we spit it
Where that smoke is blowing loud and all these crowds is looking frigid
And it's cold on the road, so them bars better be hot
Some people want the content, but others want to be shot
So I give them both until they choke, but truthfully
If half of them think that you dope, the others thinking you's a joke
*Cough* lemme clear my throat, as I provoke you with these quotes
I got a Grammy in my closet, but I'd trade it for the hope
Of the people, cause these days evil
If you ain't met Jesus you don't wanna see the sequel
My people holla 1-1-6
They know we represent
Something bigger than the dollars and the cents
But it don't make sense!
I rock with killers in dark tents
Drinking liquor till they thinking and speaking in past tense
And it's past tense, with pastors and past friends
Who don't understand my action and some of my actions


[Phora - Verse 3]
Whaddup Rock the Bells?
Phora,  yours truly in the building
It goes
One for the money, two for the show, three for these dummies just in case they didn't know
I'm from the West Coast, close to the street like a low rider
Sitting on gold wires, underground like coal miners
Never had a co-signer, never hold fire
Offing myself is the only way I'd ever have a ghost writer
So wired, over their heads like an apostrophe
Common day thought's, it's that modern day philosophy
Weak ass nigga, cheap ass nigga, you spoon fed I never had no free pass nigga
I don't rock no skinnies, gotta let my nuts breathe
Labels like these ladies, bet they all just wanna fuck me
So it's just me, my pen, and my notepad
I did this shit with no gimmicks, nigga, no swag
No image, no trans, my nigga no fads
Strictly body casts like that's a wrap in their tote tag
So fast, like they're, there's just no stopping in time
I'm dropping knowledge, all my thoughts are divine
Listen, my heart is as solid as Optimus Prime
And my voice is almost as painful as Pac in his prime
And the day I pass away is when the stars would align
And all the planets collide I see the light screaming, "God!"
Save my life from the violence, I'm just fighting the odds
Like a lion, yo, I fight for my pride
That's my people, not my ego, like an eagle vision's as far as the skies
9-4 we rocking all the way live
That's my people, not my ego, like an eagle vision's as far as the skies
9-4 we rocking all the way live
Rock the bells, motherfucker!


[Outro: Kel Mitchell]
Ya'll make some noise for that TeamBackPack.net cypher!
That's what I'm talking about, ya'll!
Rock the Bells!
I go by the name of Kel Mitchell--I AM Kel Mitchell, ya'll!
That was crazy!