[Intro]
Go Grizz'
Winners Circle

[Chorus 1: Lecrae]
Whatchu mean? Now, whatchu mean? (whatchu mean?)
I could never slack up, back up on my dream
All these rings got me feelin' like Hakeem
Bustin' moves, had to hit 'em with the screens
Jump away (move away), that's extreme (oh)
See us mobbin', 116 (oh)
Ain't no way I'll ever let you in between
'Cause whatchu sayin' whatchu mean ain't whatchu mean

[Verse 1: Lecrae]
I was always Pippen with the flow
I support the greatest, give and go
Tried to hit me with the bad vibes, let 'em know
Shake that dust up off my feet before they hit the floor
Focus on the ones I love, yeah, them my folks
People love to talk the talk, but they don't really know
Catch me outside on the field, that's the goal
Goin' for conversion, extra points on the low
All I know is come up winter to the summer
Work on top of work, you know we did a ton of
Movin' lowkey like we diggin' tunnels
Haters, I don't see you, on my Stevie Wonder
Guess it's safe to say I stay in my lane
Always on time, never hesitate
Watch the execution, I'ma demonstrate
Tryna hit me with your regulations

[Chorus 2: Aha Gazelle]
Whatchu mean? Whatcu mean? (Whatchu mean?)
I could never slack up, back up on my dream (on your dream?)
On my Fresh Prince, got me feelin' like Akeem (like Akeem?)
Or maybe Will Smith, all black like M.I.B. (M.I.B.?)
You can hear me (you can hear me?) down the street (down the street?)
It ain't real if I don't feel it in my spleen (in your spleen?)
Ain't no way I'll ever let you in between (below)
'Cause whatchu sayin' whatchu—
Cool (go ahead)
Uh, here we go

[Verse 2: Aha Gazelle]
She wanna know how to pronounce my name, I'm like, "It's Aha"
I'm picture perfect, I don't need no Canon like Mariah
I'm makin' movies, I direct like I control the choir
I got it groovy, then they kick me out the church like "hiya"
A rub-a-dub, you ain't the cleanest in the club, I'm flier
Yo' baby momma told me that you not a good supplier
So I'm a father figure to Malik and Anania
I'm not the daddy, oh no, no the Devil is a liar
It's goin' down, but I can guarantee you, baby, we up
At first they couldn't see, now everybody wanna be us
I said I'm not the one, don't make me have to play Vegeta
I got a stripper friend who told me she believe in Jesus
Hold on Aha
I ain't come here to prove nothin'
I been woke before it was cool and before y'all hit the snooze button
The flow's hot, but I'm ice-cold like I'm on the remake of Cool Runnings
The same things that y'all dream about are the same things that I do in public, no discussion

[Chorus 1: Lecrae]
Whatchu mean? Now, whatchu mean? (Whatchu mean?)
I could never slack up, back up on my dream
All these rings got me feelin' like Hakeem
Bustin' moves, had to hit 'em with the screens
Jump away (move away), that's extreme (oh)
See us mobbin', 116 (oh)
Ain't no way I'll ever let you in between
'Cause whatchu sayin' whatchu mean ain't whatchu mean

[Verse 3: Lecrae]
2011, put the hammer on 'em
Church Clothes had Don Cannon on me, had No Malice on it
If they say I'm in Illuminati, keep an eye on 'em
Years later, doin' shows now
You can catch me on the road now
Took a couple Grammys home now
No one ever put me on now
I ain't braggin', I ain't flexin' in my song
I'm just tryna talk that real and tryna put my people on
Wanna see me fall, wanna see me gone, know they wrong
Whatchu think I'm on? Whatchu mean? Whatchu really want? (Huh?)
We been out here workin' summer after summer (we workin')
Session after session, boy, we did a ton of (did a ton of)
Movin' lowkey like we diggin' tunnels (diggin' tunnels)
And haters, I don't see you, on my Stevie Wonder (I don't see you, man)
Got your own race, you stay in yo' lane (woo!)
You don't execute, you just hesitate (yeah!)
Watchin' how I play, you gon' miss yo' game (miss yo' game)
You too busy tryna regulate (yeah, yeah, woo!)

[Chorus 1: Lecrae]
Whatchu mean? Now, whatchu mean? (Whatchu mean?)
I could never slack up, back up on my dream
All these rings got me feelin' like Hakeem
Bustin' moves, had to hit 'em with the screens
Jump away (move away), that's extreme (oh)
See us mobbin', 116 (oh)
Ain't no way I'll ever let you in between
'Cause whatchu sayin' whatchu mean ain't whatchu mean