To present the next award star of television series, Star Trek, miss Nichelle Nichols

[Nichelle Nichols]
[?] in a dramatic role, the nominees are Richard Pryor Hit!, Kevin Hooks, Sounder, Richard Roundtree, Shaft in Africa, and Raymond St. Jaque, Book of Numbers, and the winner is…

We call him Flash
Here to rock your ass
Sing the song, sing the song, like you're singin' to the rhythm and let's all sing a song
Hip, hop, hip-hip, the hop, c'mon, to the non-stop
He scratch up the record, never off beat
Kicked in the ass and work the beat
You say the tock made the tick and the have a tock
C'mon Grandmaster, let's rock
Say what?
Ha, ha
Check one, two
To the beat
One-one, one-two, one-two
On and on and on
One-two, one-two
One-two, one-two

[Melle Mel]
Aww yeah, you're now listening to the sound of the man that they call Grandmaster Flash, Easy Mike, the Disco B
And I am the man that they call Melle Mel, rock well
Grandmaster Flash behind the wheels of steel, got to be the real deal
More jams than the sea got clams
More [?] than Coney Island got rides
More class than Central Park got grass
Flash, got razzmatazz
Too fly
You don't stop, you don't stop, stop that body rock
'Cause it's on, like popcorn
And the beat don't stop until the break of dawn
Like Little Boy Blue blowing his horn
Saturday night, dance marathon
Like a grasshopper hoppin' on the morning lawn
You know it's got to be on
Grandmaster Flash and the Disco B, Easy Mike and I'm the MC
You walk in the place, you listen to the bass
See Melle Mel with a smile on his face
The king on the throne of the microphone
You should know by now, you'll never be alone
When I rap so def, so nice and fresh
You should know by now, I don't settle for less
'Cause I'm on that, coolin' out
You say Melle Mel's bad, without a doubt
I'm down for Flash to make a lot of cash
And say "Come on Flash", 'cause you cut so fast"

You don't stop
Ya, you don't stop
That body rock
Because the beat is gonna be the sure shot
Now you see everybody's hear today at the Celebrity Club
And if you want to get down
If you , if you want to get down to the funky sound
Somebody say ho (ho)
Let's get it on, let's get it on
Come on, get on the floor, freak it some more
Get what you paid that money for
Do what you do best, get it off your chest
You're rockin' with the best and not the rest
Melle Mel, ha, and I rock so well
From the top of the world to the depths of hell
Aw girl, I wanna rock your world
Aw girl, I wanna rock your world
Get funky, get funky
Get funk-funky-funky
I'm not here  to pay nobody's way
I'm hear for you to check out what I say
So before I go, ha, before I quit
You're gonna know I don't pop no Sugarhill shit
I'm Melle Mel, you know I rock well
From the top of the world to the depths of hell
Rockin' with the best with the most finesse
Takin' the top and leavin' what's left
With a face of gold, a heart of stone
I need my crew, but I'm stone to the bone
'Cause I played the games and I paid the price
To be smooth as ice, like paradise
[?]
Figure a chance, I'ma rock you to your knees
I'm coming off all the time
'Cause I'm the undisputed king of the disco rhymes
So help me out, just help me out
Just help me, help me turn it out
Everybody in the place, the bass is in your face
Come in first place in the DJ race
The time that you're hear, it sounds so dear
DJ Flash is so nice and clear
So to let me know that you like the show
Everybody say ho (ho)
You don't, you don't, you don't stop, that body rock
Because the beat is gon', I say the beat is gon'
I say the beat is gonna be the sure shot
Grandmaster Flash, everybody, everybody
Grandmaster Flash, behind the wheels of steel
Say what
You got it Flash
Aw girl
Hit it Flash
You don't stop, you don't stop, stop that body rock
Now just throw your hands in the air (say what)
And wave 'em like you just don't care (say what)
And if you like the sound and you want to get down
Somebody say oh yeah, (oh yeah), oh yeah, (oh yeah)
You don't stop, do, do it
You know you got to do, do it

[Sha-Rock]
And yes, yes y'all, to the beat y'all
And don't quit y'all, 'cause this is it y'all
You go on and on, and on, on and on
'Til the beat don't stop ' til the break of dawn
And like the hot buttered, aww, popcorn
Rock, rock y'all, it don't stop
Keep on, to the sure shot
Yes, yes, y'all, to the beat y'all
'Cause it's the five foot three, short legged as I ever hope to be
And if you take a look out there all the ladies
I'ma talkin' about Starsky, you see
He's a number two from the big bad crew
And he also do his job
And if all the fly girls in the house wanna know
I'ma talkin' about [?] ya see
He's a number three for the young ladies
[?] he can spin a web
To all the fly girls in the house wanna know
I'ma talkin' 'bout Kevie-Kev, rock the house
Yes, yes, y'all, to the beat y'all
[?] y'all, let's throw the words
Let's throw the words
Let's hold the words
Let's throw the words
Let's hold it goes, it go, goes it goes
Just work your body, work, work your body
But make sure you don't jerk your body
Go up, you go up
Just say Patty Duke and don't give a fuck
Go down, you go down
And 'cause, Melle Mel got a message for you
Just start with the talk, because he wants you to do
Get down, stop that messin' around
'Cause Melle Mel rides through your town
Yes, yes, y'all, to the beat y'all
Don't quit y'all, this is it y'all
I said hip, hop, hip hip ah dop
Ah-dop-ah-dop, ah-skibby-dibby-dip-dip-dop
First you rock the hip and then you rock the hop
And did you rock, Sha-Rock
And don't you dare stop
'Cause I [?] and I want you to know
My name is Sha-Rock and I'm on the go
I don't like to go until I [?]
I like to dippity-dive, I'm raisin' my flag
I'm too hot to [?] and too cold to [?]
To all the families I'm aimin' to talk
To you y'all, what you want to do
And let's rock y'all, it don't stop
Keep on, to the sure shot
And yes, yes, y'all, to the beat y'all
First I got the girl they call Busy Bee
Along with the girl they call [?]
Along with the one they call [?]
And he's one of a kind
The women of the world will know that he's the one they call [?]
You needed three more, to even the score
[?] came a knock on my door
[?] look now and take a second look
'Cause here come the girls [?]
[?] is the one with the time
Everybody, he's the mastermind
Along came the one they call [?]
He's a part of the crew, a part of the do
So let's come on y'all, let's have a ball
[?]
And let me tell you, if you know what I know
To the disco on the go y'all
Yes, yes, y'all, to the beat y'all
Dip, dip dive, and so-socialize
Got three days and you won't survive
[?] make it all come alive
While you dance to the rhythm that makes you wanna, survive
Rock the house
Yes, yes, y'all, to the beat y'all
To the beat, to the beat, the beat, the beat, beat
To the beat-beat-beat, the beat-beat, the beat
On down, until your knees get weak
Rock, rock, y'all, you don't stop
Keep on, to the sure shot
Like the [?] says [?] and the [?] says [?]
I'm the one of a kind, I'm talkin' to you
I'm a [?] and an A-ball player
Like the [?] is the great big [?]
[?] about the girl you call the fly me
To all of you, my name is Sha
I'm not a millionaire, I don't have a car
But there's one thing, I want you to know
That I'm a good lookin' person from a long time ago
I'ma one of a kind, to blow your mind
There is no other to try to pass the time
Yes, yes, y'all, to the beat y'all
Don't quit y'all, this is it y'all
Now I have this book ah from A to Z
It's the little black book that belongs to me
It has your name your [?] and your address too
Someone I want to talk to and it's all of you
And when I'm by myself and all alone
I just turn to the [?] and reach for the phone
Sha-Rock is rockin' on
Yes, yes, y'all, to the beat y'all
Don't quit y'all, this is it y'all
To the beat, to the beat, the beat, beat, the beat
On down, until your knees get weak