Ladies and gentleman
Back by popular demand
Here to rock the motherland
The summit of all electronic dancers
Along with the Grandmaster Flash
Is here with you tonight
And if you want to party
Get up and clap your hands
While we do it for ya something like this!

Now's the time! (for all the hip-hoppers)
Breakdancers, pop-lockers, even beat-boppers
Take a step to the side, take a seat in the rear
Sit back, listen and learn, cause the best is here
We got the ice cold brother they call Larry Love
And if you're confused about what he does
He just moves so sweet say he can't be beat
Dancin' with twelve feet still couldn't compete
When he slides across the floor, it's like he's walking on air
As smooth as a modern day Fred Astaire (ha!)
Born to be the king that took the crown
To keep him off the floor, ya gotta chain him down
With the rapper flash that cuts so fast
We're the perfect combination you could never surpass
And comin' right up, (without further ado)
Boogie dancers, this ? is just for you!

L-l-l-l Larry!
Ooooooh! check out Larry Love!
L-l-l-l Larry!
Ooooooh! check out Larry! Hooo!
Watch him go!
Pop it Larry! Pop it!
P-p-p-p-poppin'!
L-l-l-l-l-lockin'!
L-l-l-l Larry!
L-l-l-l Larry!

You had a little taste, of what he could do
Don't go nowhere, because he's not through
You know his name and you heard the groove
And you're amazed by the way his body moves
His moves are choice, always precise
And ya never catch him making the same move twice
He's the doctor of dance, he's the crème de la crème
And you couldn't hold a candle up next to him

Ooooooh! check out Larry Love!
L-l-l-l Larry!
Ooooooh! check out Larry! Hooo!
Watch him go!
Kick it Larry, Kick it!
K-k-k-k-k-kick it!
Freeze, Crab walk!
C-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-crab walk!

He spins the turntables (Flash!), like a razor blade
Didn't make the mistakes, all the others made
In one sweeping move, by the wave of his hand
When it hits the fan, he stays in command (ha!)
He's sworn to fun, second to none
Making fools out of those who said it couldn't be done
Now don't turn your head, cuz you just might miss
(Flash!) Cuttin' the sound that goes like this

(cuts "Ain't no half-steppin'")

L-l-l-l Larry!
Ooooooh! check out Larry Love!
L-l-l-l Larry!
Ooooooh! check out Larry! Hooo!
Watch him go!
Get loose!
G-g-g-g-g-get loose!
Freeze!
Slide, Larry slide!
Slide-slide-slide-slide-slide-slide slide!

If ya slow you're ? and if you're fast you pass
No man alive is faster than Flash!
If you fast ya ? or if ya slow your ?
No one can rock the show like us folk
Creole, Raheim, Broadway and LaVon
Instead of steppin' off you might get stopped on!
If you're thinkin' about battlin', you must learn
And if you play with fire you're bound to get burned
Cuz we're on time ? the spot nonstop
That's because ? piece of the rock
And Grandmaster (and the Grandmaster!)
The Grandmaster, he's the cream of the crop
Cuz he cuts so nice, slice so precise
And he's never uptight beneath the bright lights
If the price is right I'm sure that we might
Drop in and rock your town tonight
Huh-huh!

L-l-l-l Larry!
Ooooooh! check out Larry Love!
L-l-l-l Larry!
Ooooooh! check out Larry! Hooo!