[Hook]
Momma never gave me shit!!
Daddy wasn't home!
Everybody hatin on me!
Man I wasn't born rich!
No one throwin' me a bone!
I can't ever get a break!
I'm always getting fucked!
Man this more than I could take!
I got bills out the ass!
Ain't no time for this shit!
Everyone so fuckin fake!

[Verse 1]
Man these bitches starting to strike me as some cowards
All that talk gone get you is devoured
I ain't get on cuz of any special powers
Prosperity turn everybody sour
They just wanna see you down and out
Turning on your vows
Throwing towels
Fuck em tho I'm at the top of towers
Manifesting my own destiny the world is ours
All it take is a couple thousand hours
You gone get your hands dirty
Or you gone live in the showers
Man its always something! Pussy

Tell them boys that its time to go!
Woa. Cas season back in full effect you already know!
Holler if you wanna roll!
Better tighten up you sounding like a ho!
We been tryna do it big but you still need time to grow!
Say you wanna win the game but you never even show!
Man its always something!

[Hook]
I can't ever get a break!
Man its always something!
Momma never gave me shit!
Man its always something!

Man its always something!
(its always something, always something, always something, always)
Its always gonna be something!
Gotta get up off your ass man its always something!
Its always gonna be something!
Gotta get up off your ass man its always something!

[Verse 2]
Let me interject for a sec
Motivate these motherfuckers
Man you wanna get a check? Well then check this
Map your goals out into a check list
Tackle everyone of them until you got a lexus
Perfect this
Ain't nobody gone give you a hand out
So take the man route
Life don’t always pan out how you had planned out
I been the black sheep because I stand out
You showed up on the day that shit released but I had camped out
Who really want it lil homie?
Me or you?
Don't say that we the same cuz you know it ain't the truth
I gave my blood sweat and tears all you gave was an excuse
I hate when motherfuckers talk like they're the ones that got the juice
Knowing damn well they ain't got the half that it takes
If you ever ran shit I swear your calfs would probably break
I don't feel the competition so I laugh in your face
Every time I ask why you ain't in the race man its always something!

[Hook]