[Verse 1: SKYXXX]
Ain't it funny how these motherfuckers used to doubt me?
Ain't it funny how they all wanna be down with the team?
Ain't it funny how I wear it out like a triple beam?
Ain't shit funny when I pop a Xan' and sip GTV
Might fuck around and pull up on your bitch inside the Chevrolet
Man, every day I live my life like it's GTA
This a 44, this ain't no PS4, bitch, I don't play no games
Got a bad bitch and she out of college and she give me brain
Ain't it funny how she left her man and fuck with the gang?
Ain't it funny how she fuck with me 'cause all you niggas lames?
Ain't it funny how I pull up on you with that Johnny Dang?
All I do is fly around the city like I got some wings

[Hook: SKYXXX]
Ain't it funny how these motherfuckers used to doubt me?
Ain't it funny how they all wanna be down with the team?
Ain't it funny how I wear it out like a triple beam?
Ain't it funny how I come looking in crystal clean?

[Verse 2: Caskey]
Ain't it funny how I got all these bitches here lined up?
Ain't it funny how my Rollie tickin' and your time's up?
Ain't it funny how they saying they're coming to get me and know where to find us?
Got that 40 on me anyway, but we ain't left that fighting shit behind us
Ain't it funny how I'm still at the spot?
Ain't it funny how I pop? How Birdman is calling a lot?
Ain't it funny how they praying I'm never gon' make it and really I'm never gon' stop?
Ain't it funny how you got that lil bitch on your side and that bitch is a thot?
Ain't it funny how I'm counting up all of this money, and I still want a lot?
Ain't shit funny, me and SKY need the money
He did that time, know he done it
You switched up on your team and told on your dogs
We heard about it, we comin'
Ain't shit funny when you can't go back to the block
'Cause they heard that you flopped
The second them police were asking them questions
Your mind should've stopped, ain't shit funny

[Hook: SKYXXX]
Ain't it funny how these motherfuckers used to doubt me?
Ain't it funny how they all wanna be down with the team?
Ain't it funny how I wear it out like a triple beam?
Ain't it funny how I come looking in crystal clean?

[Verse 3: SKYXXX]
I think I need a Murcielago, just came out of Chicago
Met a bad bitch, she a model, and I hit it off a follow
When I met her, she gon' swallow, my niggas go full throttle
You claiming you the nigga till I pull the trigga, hit 'em with a hollow
Bitch, I ride around the city with a fucking bad bitch
Coke up in her tity
Nigga talking 'bout me, I ain't got no pity
Got a 50 on me, nigga, kick rocks
Or I'm 'bout it, 'bout it, nigga wit' it, wit' it
Pull up in the whip with the window tinted
He ain't fucking with me, this that presidential tinted
Bill Clinton getting Monica Lewinsky'd, damn!

[Verse 4: SKYXXX & Caskey]
Ain't it funny how these motherfuckers come around me?
Ain't it funny how your bitch asking 'bout me?
All this water whipping in the kitchen, finna drown me
Ain't it funny how this lean got me feeling drowsy?
Ain't it funny how I only got day ones around me?
Ain't it funny how the whole city wanna crown me?
Ain't it funny how your bitch want me down like Bounty?
Ain't it funny how your diamonds looking all cloudy?
Ain't it funny how we came up out of Orange County?
She told me she could do it with no hands I hope you found me
Ain't it funny how I'm counting money, so astoundin'?
Ain't it funny how you used to be the champ, now Ronda Rousey

[Outro: SKYXXX]
Ay, Caskey, mane, meet me at the at, nigga
We are the is, nigga
Yeah, that's right