[Verse 1: Caskey]
Bitch, she was fresh out of a sex scene
Only the baddest hoes get investing
Wanna get cuffed, I ain't arresting
Or respecting the bitch who ain't got the best cream
This is my dream, women with money collided
A blunt on the table that got somethin' beside it
Shit, a cup of that syrup and my money divided
Hundreds on the table and flo', anything other surprisin'
I keep pies in the Louis bag, she hold it
We advise all her newest plans, she molded
Pimps speak a different language, you couldn't decode it
Shit, you would've loved her for weeks, I took her and sold it
You make one phone call, that's a lifeline
Hope it's lucrative, I don't fight crime
'limination, got the right mind
And if there's a dollar involved, then it's the right time

[Chorus: Caskey]
I need a bitch that could make money
The type of bitch lowkey who know I ain't finna waste money
Told her I'd kill her if she take from me
I'm tryna get that on time, never late money
I need a bitch that could make money
The type of bitch lowkey who know I ain't finna waste money
Told her I'd kill her if she take from me
I'm tryna get that on time, never late money

[Verse 2: ClicKlak]
Smokin' good, just to stay functional
On time money, punctual
Good intentions, but I'm a bad guy?
I move with the time, you let it pass by
Gastric bypass, I support it
It's time to eat, hope you got the stomach for it
'cause I'ma feed ya, no need for degree 'cause
You will receive whatever that you need, plus
You a believer, I'm a deceiver
With a heart just as cold as a freezer
I get lost, and let money find a way
I got a bad bitch and she love to pay
Deposit this, take that and hold this
The things that she say tryna get rich
The niggas wanna fuck 'cause she beautiful
White boys wanna nail you like a cuticle

[Chorus: Caskey]
I need a bitch that could make money
The type of bitch lowkey who know I ain't finna waste money
Told her I'd kill her if she take from me
I'm tryna get that on time, never late money
I need a bitch that could make money
The type of bitch lowkey who know I ain't finna waste money
Told her I'd kill her if she take from me
I'm tryna get that on time, never late money

[Interlude: Caskey & ClicKlak]
Yes sir, listen here, sonny
That bitch better not ever be late with yo' money
I'm tellin' ya now, if she one minute late, I want you to grab that bih by her hair
Yeah
And let her know this shit ain't a game
Uh huh

[Verse 3: Caskey & ClicKlak]
Leave the mornin', it's continental
Cotton soft pillows, a gang of some instrumentals
A couple hoes who know how I bid 'em, get in 'em
To bring it on mean just bringin' it back, there's money [?] bitch
Yeah, first class flights
Straight hoes and dykes who love to suck pipe
Up all night, the money it never sleeps
24/7, I get it by any means

[Chorus: Caskey & ClicKlak]
I need a bitch that could make money
Not a janky ass hoe tryna hit me with a fake hunnid
Bitch, I'll kill ya if you take from me
I'm tryna get that on time, never late money
I got a bitch that could make money
On time money, never late money
I swear I'll kill her if she take from me
Yeah, all she do is make money (yeah, hoe)

[Outro: ClicKlak]
Boy, I'm tellin' ya, I can't fuck with no broke ass bitch
I'm talkin' 'bout them, "aw, I'm 'bout to get a job" type bitches
Or "aw, I was about to get into school" type bitches
Like, "I used to have a car but, uh, this happened"
I don't want none of those type of bitches, ya feel me?

[Sample]
No man, all bitches are the same, just like my hoes, ya know. I keep 'em broke. Wake up one morning with some money to [?] to go crazy, ya know. I keep 'em lookin' good, pretty and all that, ya know, but no dough. When I get a bitch, I got a bitch
Ooh, right on
Remember that mac, the bear?
Yeah
Tried to steal one of my bitches! Yeah, I called him up on the telephone, I said, "hey man, come on over to the pad and let's [?] or somethin', ya know?" So when he comes over, I told her to give him a lil taste 'cause she sure as shit wasn't gettin' nothin' from me. See, that nigga wanted the honey. All we wants is the money