[Hook]
Everybody turned up off the molly (Oooooo)
Things this girl here gon' do for a dollar (Oooooo)
When did my lifestyle become a problem? (Oooooo)
Momma mad I never finished college (Oooooo)

[Verse 1]
Momma she mad I got tats on my neck! Tats on my neck!
Can't get a job but guess where I been cashin' my check!
Cashin' my check!
Cash money records forever
Im here cuz we do this shit better
Just got a brand new beretta
Go with my brand new vendetta against all of these bitches who try and get a King but they ain't no Coretta
Im here to sing for the cheddar
You just been living a lie
I saw it all before it even happened
You done made a monster
My vision alive
Everything written in scribe
Everyone thought I was dead but you know I don't risen to ride
And I been riding on all of you suckers cuz me and that garbage we finna' to collide
Ya'll just been killing the vibe!
New whip been killing the game man
And that shit is ceiling deprived
Pull up and they all convert
Now they Islamic concealing they wives
I got some pills on my side and the hospital mad because none of these pills are prescribed
Im bout to serve every popular rapper I know and then pray that don’t none em survive!

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Momma she mad I got tats on my neck! Tats on my neck!
Can't get a job but guess where I been cashin' my check!
Cashin' my check!
Cash money records forever
Fuck how they feelin'
Don’t like my appearance?
I don’t ask for clearance
I just go and take off
I swear some of you folks starting to sound like your parents
Meanwhile I'm cooling in Paris!
I got a view from the terrace
I put my life in these verses that’s shit you don’t do you embarrassed
I'm so at peace with my flaws that I might just be one of the rarest
I been up sippin on promethazine
Don’t know why they done made this shit illegal
Big homie say you got one life to live
Might as well get high and deflate the ego
I ride through the city all black like a beetle
I know it look evil, it scare away regular people
Man my position is thriving and yours it look fetal
I hate when they try to compare both of us like we equal
Man you know my shit is lethal
You pussies ask me what Lil Wayne like one more time Im gone have to do something illegal

[Hook]