[Verse 1 – AWAR]
We done came up from the bottom to the top—blao!
My cloth ain't the same cut—I got ‘em, I can't stop now
Tryna make my momma proud.  Still, my stomach in knots
Recover my spot, ignorin’ the thorns in God's crown
Let it knock loud, I'mma storm the hot sound
[?] I do not drown, imported in compounds
We enforce it ‘til the whip's foreign and we lock towns
Glide in the convertible drops with the power tops down
Open the moon roof, exhale hydroponic clouds
I keep 'em in suspense like some hydraulics—wow!
Shanghai wattage, state-defyin' logic
Rhymes is fiber optics, exotic dimes ride in cockpit
Find 'em in the tropics, enjoyin’ a gorgeous night
Breakin' up, burnin' your CD—this that Northern Lights
My Jordan Nikes step on the gas and you forfeit fights
MC’s wanna press these, but can't afford the price

[Hook – AWAR]
Cadillac grills, suicide doors
Been stackin' bills with bricks inside the floor
Straight like that, I was taught to strive for more
Fly in a Delorean, slide in a time warp

[Verse 2 – Troy Ave]
MC in the backpack, studs on the outside
Bricks on the inside, double flat role top
Battle cry lullaby, tell you a war story (what’s that?)
On second thought, naw.  The statute of limitation's gory
Frightening, a chair full of lightning
Is what a nigga facin' if I eva face indictment
Pray for me.  After that, break out the J for me
Take this piece of [fotent?].  Meet homie—he got some paint for me
Count it out, he gon' bring a scale to balance out
Little [Chessy shover?]—that's cool.  Everything balanced out
Fair exchange, leave the Hummer, take the Range
The tail light went out, I gotta go and get it changed
What I say?

[Hook – AWAR]
Cadillac grills, suicide doors
Been stackin' bills with bricks inside the floor
Straight like that, I was taught to strive for more
Fly in a Delorean, slide in a time warp

[Verse 3 – AWAR]
Known to keep a stash, we got that mass appeal
I got keys in the cab.  Please don't grab the wheels
No leaks in the bag—that shit is vacuum sealed
Move like lawn mowers, snakes in the grass revealed
I spit it well, straight to the point like digital scales
Take the whiff, the smell of every joint is fishscale
Canine sniffin' can't tell.  Yeah, we givin' 'em hell
It's freedom of speech, we'll have you sitiin' in a prison cell
How you shippin’ platinum for it to sit on a shelf?
You gon' have to ship a free crack stand for your shit to sell
And you lack the Pirax vision and the figures for bail
Next year, you'll be left fishin' yourself up out of a wishing well
Runnin' for the border and forgettin' your passport
[Big East?] commandments.  How [?] the crash course
You're gettin' what you asked for, snitchin' to the taskforce
Givin' pigs permission to search for [sips?] your dashboard
Pussy