[Intro]
I learned some game from my pain, word
I'm giving you game from my pain
Wish I would've been instilled this shit up in my brain
Different mind frames, I'm not seeing things the same
I'm a paper chaser I ain't askin' where the hoes at
Now I'm guaped up women sayin' I'm a whole snack
Get your money save your bread never do you blow that
Had some snakes in my grass so you know I mowed that

[Verse 1]
Fuck promotin' shit that leave you trapped in the hood
Man the world is a trap, don't just trap in the hood
White collar crimes make you move crack in the hood
If you get caught they give you wrist like slap in the hood
Real niggas all around they ain just packed in the hood
Lot of bad bitches they ain even trap in the hood
I like foerigns i can't drive my nice whips in the hood
All these potholes got me fucking up my shit in the hood
Niggas plottin keep a pistol on my hip in the hood
I might pass through but i do not sit in the hood
Too much police like to be on my dick in the hood
If a nigga rob me he'll be a R.I.P in the hood
I dont blame em cuz they still sellin nicks in the hood
Im the closest thing they see to a New York Knick in the hood
Ballin hard niggas can't even compete in the hood
Trapper of the year MVP in the hood
When you broke niggas laugh like you ain leavin the hood
When you make it niggas laugh like they dont see you in the hood
Hashtag man listen nigga please in the hood
Contridictors theres too many petty beefs in the hood
Run over blocks but dont own no properties in the hood
Want their street cred, but their credit weak in the hood
Dummies with no value, value they respect in the hood
But respect people who ain never step in the hood
I know niggas dead or in jail for reppin the hood
They ain get a commissary or condolence check from the hood
Bunch of hands out telling you what they need in the hood
But don't recieve shit because they always be in the hood
Get a job niggas always on the streets in the hood
Twin size mattress at they moms is how they sleep in the hood
Smoking reggie really got some good weed in the hood
They dont blow it they ain got the right seeds in the hood
Calm down niggas yelling aggie in the hood
Raising voices quicker than they raise their seed in the hood
Buying clothes that cost more than their rent in the hood
When its due they ain tryna spend a cent in the hood
Medicare and welfare getting spent in the hood
Ain't no money for the schools getting sent to the hood
Niggas rarely vote so why would they care bout the hood?
Look how can they treat people livin there they barely care about the hood
When you outta town you dont even hear about the hood
Dont get fooled or brainwashed in to thinking that its good
When you outta town you outta town you dont even hear bout the hood
Dont get fooled or brained washed into thinking that its good



[Outro]
So i see a broke nigga in my comments the other day he talking about, "We all know where Troy Ave gon be this Christmas gun emoji"

Nigga why the fuck would i be there?

I wasn't there before except to pick up some money!
And it was a little bit of money, nothing like the millions i got now!

Speaking of that, should i?
Man next time i'm there i'm coming through to murder something, if i were you...

Wait a minute.. hmm.. think, be smart

Should i drop a bag and get this motherfucker shot all in his face?

Cause yo know i got the type of money to make your momma set you up

Thats a fact tho
Let me think about it.. hmm.. cause you know i will right?

Hahaha

Check the score board nigga, fuck wrong with these niggas man?

Dope Boy Troy!
Realest nigga, fuck you mean nigga!

Niggas can't tell me shit nigga!

Im the motherfuckin general commander, i play different nigga!
Fact tho!
Top of the hill sending grenades on you bitch ass niggas, eat a dick!

God is great and the paper straight!

Lemme calm down!

Im being religious, im starting my own religion its based on god its called realism!
And you get rewarded by doing good, you know im saying?

We ain.. fuck the negativity. but i will get negative on you niggas, and its justified. ONLY if its justified
You do wrong to me, i got the right to do wrong to you x 10

Fuck all you niggas!
You seen everybody that did something to me nigga, everybody went against me, nigga look how they life ended up!

Look at everybody from nupac, look at everybody who says something to troy ave nigga, they didn't prosper!
They lost their blessings!

Its cause i have a good heart and im 100 nigga!

And i never do no fuck shit to nobody!

Make a list, this person said this about Troy Ave, this person said that about Troy Ave, nigga they losing all their blessings slowly but surely

Thats a fact

[?]