[Spoken]
Bill: This video tonight shows what happens right after shots were fired at, and someone tried to kill the rapper who calls himself Troy Ave. Roland Collins is his real name. He’s in the hospital tonight. The second time this year he’s been shot. So who’s trying to kill him? Savon Kim has seen this video, and he’s at the scene in East Flatbush. So…
Savon: Well Bill, we still don’t know what sparked this shooting but we now have an idea of how this thing ended. The owner of a security camera who did not want this footage aired because of the ongoing investigation did allow us to exclusively view this video and what we now know after watching it is Troy Ave was stopped at that intersection when he was shot. His red maserati then come speeding down Linden Boulevard in reverse, jumps the median, then does a 180, comes to a stop, before being hit by oncoming traffic. This is Troy Ave’s red maserati moments after he was shot. Cops say the rapper was stopped on Linden Boulevard on Kings Highway, when he was shot twice. He then frantically backs his car in reverse, spins around, coming to a stop on E91st street. It happened around 5pm on Christmas. His attorney says he was on his way to see his family. Troy Ave, whose real name is Roland Collins, has now been shot twice this year, surviving both times. Rapper 50 Cent, also know for surviving multiple gunshots, visiting Collins at Brookdale Hospital. Collins’ lawyer said a man wearing a hoodie walked up to the driver side window and opened fire. The rapper took himself to the hospital. He is out on $500,000 bail after shooting at a concert in the spring at Urban Plaza. That’s him there firing a weapon. He was one of four people shot, his close friend, Edgar Roland McPhatter was killed and two other concert goers injured. A grand jury indicted him on attempted murder and weapons possession charges, even though his lawyer insists he was not the aggressor. He was acting in self defense. Now his lawyer adds that last night’s incident proves that Troy Ave was the victim and was targeted. Police have not confirmed that information though. There are no suspects at this time. Meanwhile, Troy Ave is set to be released from the hospital sometime today with a fragment still lodged in his head. It will be removed at sometime later