[Hook: Troy Ave]
You can’t tell me everything I drop ain’t a motherfucking hit right now
Can’t tell me all these hoes in the spot ain’t on my dick right now
If a nigga act up I’ma come up off my hip right now
Other than that I’ma chill and feel like I’m the shit right now

[Verse 1: Troy Ave]
What the fuck can’t I buy? I’m levitating, oh my
Who the fuck’s gonna try? That’s who the fuck’s gonna die
Ain’t no time to say bye, if I don’t see eye to eye with you
I don’t start shit but I spark shit, and finish the issue
And none of your niggas gon’ come get revenge
Cause all of them niggas pussy you call friends
And I can see clearly through these vintage lens
If he [?] from the start that’s where it ends, oh, oh
God is great, have mercy
Getting cake, no mercy
Die broke nigga, ah-hah

[Hook: Troy Ave]
You can’t tell me everything I drop ain’t a motherfucking hit right now
Can’t tell me all these hoes in the spot ain’t on my dick right now
If a nigga act up I’ma come up off my hip right now
Other than that I’ma chill and feel like I’m the shit right now

[Verse 2: Troy Ave]
You ain’t better than me on my worst day
It’s my [?] scooby little birthday
BK is my birthplace
Her mans play for my [?] stake
Hater is you mad?
You think I’m from Philly ‘cause I’m in my bag
It’s a Louis bag, I’m chewing
Got the gwap from the coke in the pot
And the shit’s still brewing
I am everything that you not
And you just feel ruined
So you say I’m just singing
Don’t forget to say I’m balling
And my diamonds they stay blinging
If you a hater just know I’m shitting on you
Flashy thing walking marble, the marvelous views
Gorgeous chick in my bed
Million cash worth of bread
And the only way I rest my head
And the real ones love it
The fake may not relate, the real ones love it
I am blessed ‘cause god is great
Put none’ above
I’m blessed, I’m blessed, and she in public
I ain’t preaching though

[Hook: Troy Ave]
You can’t tell me everything I drop ain’t a motherfucking hit right now
Can’t tell me all these hoes in the spot ain’t on my dick right now
If a nigga act up I’ma come up off my hip right now
Other than that I’ma chill and feel like I’m the shit right now

[Verse 3: ?]
We talkin’ finessing, waving the Smith with the Wesson
Hoe is in 4’s to inspect it, the drug game, now the rap game
Got the hood screaming they love it
Whipping the white like I’m [?]
Passing the rock, Reggie [?]
This 4-5 could rush ya
The rundown could hush ya
Quiet these niggas, they talking
Good with the desert, it’s spoken
My name should be mentioned like [?]
On the crate with the grams, I'm exhausted
The paper [?] up like a rooster
Be careful, I'm known as a shooter
A shooter
Blocks out, with the rock sales
Cutting that bowl like [?]
Bitches wishing that they know me
That 40 will bang for the homie
Slinging that dope on your block
Busting this shot at your top
Niggas don’t want it with block
Something like Steph with the shot
Your body get rocked when it drop

[Hook: Troy Ave]
You can’t tell me everything I drop ain’t a motherfucking hit right now
Can’t tell me all these hoes in the spot ain’t on my dick right now
If a nigga act up I’ma come up off my hip right now
Other than that I’ma chill and feel like I’m the shit right now