[Hook (x2): G. O]
Finesse me a nigga then hit the road
I play these hoes like a PS4
She opens her legs, guess I’m Rolling Stones
Did I fuck your bitch? You may never know
I fuck some hoes and they tell a soul
Just pass ‘em around like a merry-go
Do you got a [?] shit, like there he go
Then I open that shit like where he go?

[Verse 1: Tuggie da Kid]
Finesse me a nigga then hit the road
I’m out here by my hustle code
These niggas is fraud, I can’t trust a soul
Disrespectin’ the squad get you filled with holes
I’m that new [?] cause I got the juice
Police askin’ questions so my mouth on mute
I should be an artist, all the guns I drew
Hocus pocus with the forty, it’s in that boy, poof
Damn, where he go? Is that him? Goddammit, bro
This Nina got me walkin’ like I broke a toe
Loud pass so strong I think it broke a nose
It’s a brawl in that puss, we goin’ blow for blow
She ride the dick, now she goin’ coast to coast
I’m in love with the money, I don’t love these hoes
I’m in love with the money, I don’t love these hoes
All these niggas on Instagram flexin’
While I’m tryna figure out which one I’m finessin’
Did I fuck his bitch? I’ll never confess it
But he mad over bitch, damn, hold up, wait a second
Heard the [?] Facebook, [?] comin’ at me reckless
So I spray the 40 and leave him walkin’ round headless
His homie at the scene screamin’ “call the paramedic”
Don’t think this shit is sweet, nigga I’m a diabetic
Y’alls got a nigga feelin’ savage
Rollin’ with the four now I’m feelin [?]
Smoke a fuck nigga, I turn him into ashes
Did I fuck his bitch? Hear me [?] her like Gladice
Damn, where he go? Is that him? Goddammit, bro
See, you can catch me in four-nickel-o, glow with my bro
Prolly tryna…

[Hook (x2)]

[Verse 2: Bugz]
She like fuck all that Gucci and [?] and Fendi and Luis
She just want some of that oowee
Took her to the crib, gave it her raw like sushi
That pussy so wet I went tubin’
Hot Nigga, Shmoney Dance, I’m feelin’ groovy
Light, camera, action, babe let’s make a movie
I’mma be Bug, okay you be Miss Oowee
I gave her the 40, she shoot like a Uzi
Out here doin’ hits, in a pair of trucks
And she gon’ ride, I tell her buckle up
And like a rock star she gon’ turn up
No Fetty Wap, that’s my trap queen
Slavin’ that dough, watch her whip a key
We got loud, we got pills, we got plenty lean
We ballin’ so hard we deserve a ring
Told shawty I’m so cuff-a-thot free
Swear I never wife a thot, on me
Whole time she suck my dick right out my sleep
Well, she rapin’ me
We just pass ‘em and dunk ‘em like they ain’t [?] assist
Class Buggin’ in session, now get your ass dismissed
Treat these hoes like fairy tales, they don’t exist
Finesse a nigga for his [?], bet I would his bitch
Would you ride for a nigga?
Keep it 100, don’t you lie to a nigga
Put you on a plane, now you fly with a nigga
She said “I’m on a drug”, well get high with a nigga
Would you ride for a nigga?
Keep it 100, don’t you lie to a nigga
Put you on a plane, now you fly with a nigga
She said “I’m on a drug”, well get high with a nigga

[Hook (x2)]