[Intro: Eminem]
Yeah! Come on! Come on!
ATL! Yeah! Haha! WOO!
If you feel like you've been touched
By our music that is

[Verse 1: Eminem]
Nowadays everybody just wanna poke their nose in our business
What is this some kinda joke?
Man, everywhere I go all I’m hearing is more talk
"What’s up with Jada and Fat Joe?
Doing a song with ol’ boy on a song “New York”
Man, I thought you just did a song with them both?”
Man, the streets wanna know how you gonna go and diss Michael
You should get your ghetto pass revoked
I never had no ghetto pass, you asshole
You really wanna know, when I did live in the ghetto
I kept a trespassing charge up at the railroad tracks
So I suggest you get your facts straight before you go
This assuming to know
I ain't grow up in no trailer park just cause I was poor
Man, this is my testimo...ny to those that don’t know
Me, and feel like they do
If not to feel compelled to go and speak on me too
So this dick goes to YOU and this dick goes to YOU
And if you feel like you want it then you can get it too
And when your through pass it to the person next to you
Ayo, Stat get on the mic and come and spit a few

[Verse 2: Stat Quo]
Motherfucker's so quick, to spit bullshit
Stat Quo, who’s this, Em gave me the assist
Shorty got a full clip, standing in the pulpit
A–Town misfit, repping that south shit
Back four or some years ago, foe was hating, I hear them
My flow is skating across the track, rollerblading
Losing patience, want to get on chasing but this taking all my energy
Tired of waiting, people faking fronting like they kin to me
When they're really enemies, give a fuck what it is
Cuz, this what it gonna be, Shady/Aftermath lately
GMM, baby, young nigga out them projects Thomasville
Grady hospital, Freida’s only baby
Niggas biting my style get rabies
Fuck you, pay me, eat a cock, swallow shit
And plus you ain't fucking with this, so don’t trip, ha ha
Them little boys see it, what an incredible twist
I write incredible script
That fit in with the plot it’s endless
Now testify to this
Let it bang when you hear, this is classic shit