Intro:
Automated Voice: Please enter your passcode. Then press pound. One new message. First new message

Girl: Hey girl, so my mom said she'd watch my son so she said she got around, so its straight.  But I'm not really tryna be in the wrong tryna be on Southbeach. Give me a call soon as you get this message aight talk to you soon bye



[Hook:Brevi]
Tryna keep the lights on. Food on the table
Tryna keep the lights on. Food on the table
Tryna make a livin', Feed these kids


[Verse 1:] She so far gone, bumping Drake in her Ipod
Tryna be famous,God bless her little heart
She don't know her worth niggas treat her like dirt
Poppin' dick to dick, cum stains on her shirt
Her daddy didn't teach her, Sunday morning tryna get saved by the preacher. Lost in the game, her momma sceamin' in the bleachers. "Baby don't do it", three kids, feeling stupid.\
Cuz her baby daddy's in shit. Always talkin' bout what they don't got or what they can't get. Or afford. My Lord
The whole neighborhood say she lost, they label her a horror
Working at the strip club takin' money off the floor
Waitin' for a baller to walk through the door
But baby girl can't see rich, because she feel poor
I'm heartbroken cuz I know she work much more


[Chorus:Brevi]
This life ain't easy, I feel I'v been mistreated
My body so tired, my mind Is gone, and I don't have nobody to lean on. But don't you cry for me. I don't need no one to provide for me. Don't you cry for me. Don't you cry for me


[Verse 2:]
Her names Alisha, she is from Nevada
Rockin' that Gucci, but love Prada
She never missed a superbowl. But an All-Star game
Knew the team rosters. And the cars they drove
Married,divorced and all they kids info
She was one of many lost souls. Kept a crew of similar goals
Thought they was to sophisticated to work poles
But they still work both, for dough. Every city they go.They Go
Lookin' for a Guard, Quarterback and reciever
But even all three can't please her. Cuz chicks like Alisha, need Jesus. And  reach her, standin' in the mirror, ashamed of her features. Lettin' her insecurities eat her.Yah It feel good at first
Till that pussy start leakin'. Smellin' like a stranger when he speakin'. Time don't stop It keep creepin'
They got the Wednesday feelin' like the weekend
She say I'm freakin' on Monday,Tuesday, You get the drift


[Chorus:Brevi]
This life ain't easy, I feel I'v been mistreated
My body so tired, my mind Is gone, and I don't have nobody to lean on. But don't you cry for me. I don't need no one to provide for me. Don't you cry for me. Don't you cry for me