{"Sound without focus, is just.. noise"}

[Hook: DJ scratches]
"And-and-and let's start it like this son"
"If you don't like my lyrics you could press fast forward"
"It's all good!"
"If this was drugs I'd make a million"
"Focused man, my money on my mind"
"Wait, I had to let it marinate"
"What the FUCK!"
"If you don't like my lyrics you could press fast forward"
"Turn-turn my, turn my headphones up"
"I'm blowin up like you thought I would"

[Verse 1: Royce Da 5'9"]
Nickel, what up Focus...?
Yeah, uh-huh, yea yea yea

It's the ten rap commandments, number one just be an ill nigga
You will lose, you try to race this like Hilfiger
I'm so ghetto with the fo' metal
Show nuff blowin' up on challengers like the '84 shuttle
Fuck the count nigga, Preem like a triple beam
Sicker than sickle cell or picture listenin to sickle sing
Kick in the door wavin the fo', clad in navy velour
Wax niggas fast like shavin below
A gangsta nigga, I'm fly, I'm a sight
I was dope before Escobar told me what Nas is like
When I spit the gasoline see the fire fly
There'll be nothin after Preem, this is me and my homage
Like I rely on Raj, I lean on what's happenin'
Got the "Hey HEY hey!" like Dwayne, I'm stuck trappin
I've gone sick like the song "DWYCK"
Any nigga feelin big all you gon' get, is a long kiss
Preem

[Hook]

[Verse 2:Phonte]
Uh, right here is where the verses start
Dedicated to that classic New York sound and it really hurts my heart
To see the people can't, recognize the Works of Mart
And how they truly was a work of art
I understand we ain't back in the old days
But youngens be lookin at my nigga Preem funny like he one of the O'Jays
No sense of history; see Chris Martin in the credits
They be thankin it's the nigga from Coldplay
So I gotta school 'em and remind these toddlers
That hip-hop started in the days of yonder
Any fool with a S-line 50 can make beats
But this man took it and redefined a genre
Who else could make the Group Home sound like pros
Then make Christina Aguilera sound like soul?
This is my homage and I gotcho' head bobbin
And noddin, so we gon' bring the scratch collage in
Like this! Phontigga, uh

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Stat Quo]
Stat Quo nigga, HEY!
Primo, whaddup man?
Take y'all a trip down memory lane
Hehe, you did that too

Step in my arena, but make it known friend or foe
Recognize, I gave you power with this undeniable flow
I'm invincible, live by the code of the streets
My game plan simple, no surrender, no retreat
Salute the trill, cause none of y'all betta
Stay disciplined on the front line and together - Now
Stay tuned for the moment of truth
Suckas gotta come clean when Stat in the booth
It's mostly tha voice, that's why I got mass appeal
A black cowboy, too deep me and the steel
Say your prayers muh'fucker 'fore you outta here
Just to get a rep I'll end your career (okay)
Been a long time comin', blood, sweat, and tears
I'm royalty, classic like a beat from Premier
The public lovesick from real hip-hop and shit
Here today, gone tomorrow, I refuse to quit
It's Stat Quo... and Primo
YEAH!!

[Hook]