[** feat. Raheem DeVaughn & Devin the Dude:]
[Funk Flex sample]
Watch how we're doin'! {*beat starts}
[Intro: ~Stat Quo~]
Uhh!
You know baby...
Nah, I really think you like special, you know?
Ahah, for real girl!
You make a nigga really get on his "LL" shit, hahah!
Uhh!
Let me get on my shit!
[Stat Quo:]
Love at first sight, saw you on the light (light!)
My Bentley out back girl, tonight's the night. (the night!)
Lace you in ice, keep your hair done right
Expensive bag designer heels private flights. (private flights!)
Six stars suites, baby; fuck the price!
I'm not just tryna fuck, I'm tryna change your life! (change your life!)
Nah! I keep it real, you the marrying type
White fit station wagon, teaching kids to ride bikes
Grow old together, I'm a love you forever. (GET!)
Get a 9-2-5 and let you handle my cheddar. (ahh!)
Sick shit, I'm done with the pimp shit
No more strip clubs! No more freaky flicks! (c'mon!)
No more creeping! Cut off my side, bitch
You the only one I wanna ride with! (only you!)
As far as my future you it
The perfect love story, no need to flip scripts! - Be for real... (GET!)

[Chorus: ~Raheem DeVaughn~]
You're such a pretty thiiiing
Like the girls in the magaziiines
Like the girls in the videooos
Like the girls at the Hip-Hop shooooows!
And then I'll tell you: "I love you! "
And I'll buy this and that. - Tonight I'm gonna liiieee to yooouuuuuuuu!
Tonight I'm gonna liiieee to yooouuuuuuuu!
Tonight I'm gonna get up in your ear and say what you wanna hear and lie to yoooouuuuuu!
[Devin The Dude:]
You're the sexiest chick I ever met
I would never try to give you some dick in jet
I'll respect your body and mine!
And hey! - I may pay a bill or two if you fall behind
I'll take you shopping for some summer clothes
And just because you fuck the first night - I won't treat you like them other hoes
I'm yours, you're mine! So everytime
It's you and me against the world, put this "D" up in you girl
I won't cheat, just don't bullshit me!
I'll give you all my numbers, so you can keep up with me!
Ahh, ohh; yeah! - Like that...
Ahh, ohh; ok! - I'll be right back, right back...

[Chorus: Raheem DeVaughn (Stat Quo)]
You're such a pretty thiiiing
Like the girls in the magaziiines
Like the girls in the videooos
Like the girls at the Hip-Hop shooooows!
And then I'll tell you: "I love you! "
And I'll buy this and that. - Tonight I'm gonna liiieee to yooouuuuuuuu! (Haha!)
Tonight I'm gonna liiieee to yooouuuuuuuu! (Let me be fo' real with you!)
Tonight I'm gonna get up in your ear and say what you wanna hear and lie to yoooouuuuuu!
[Stat Quo:]
Some wonder why - I tell 'em whatever to get them naked;
Yeah! - Bitch take it! (take it!)
After I fuck I leave they pussy vacant (c'mon!)
Never settle with you I was conversating! (AHHHHHH!)
Real talk you a no good bitch! (biatch!)
A groupie at the club tryna hit a quick lick! (give 'em man!)
So I'll be real on a Cypress Hill then hit
Hoop niggas, football niggas, you just want tricks! (just want tricks!)
On the man hunt silly cunt!
You a floozy flunky hoe I knew from the jump. (from the jump!)
Not to trust you! (trust you!) - Just to fuck you!
Bust nuts and leave and no longer discuss you. (GET!)
Now you say I disgust you! (disgust you?!)
Bitch, please! Drink pee; I'll get my girl to snuff you!
Everywhere I go different party, same hoes
Tell 'em what they wanna hear; fuck 'em, let 'em go! - Yeeee-AHH! (GET!)

[Chorus]