[Chorus]
Living my life in this hiiighrise*
Got my eyes in the sky can I fly
And will I die if I - tryyyyy
I'm in my penthouse con-do
With nowhere - else to go
But now most people didn't love me till I moved into
My penthouse cooon-do! (when you up, they up, then bring you down!)
My penthouse cooon-do! (Clown, that's how it goes. that's how it goes)

[Verse 1]
When you up niggas like: "What up? "
The bad bitches like: "How you doing? And: "Who you srewing? "
So I fucked 'em, cause I never knew 'em. - So fuck 'em!
That's how I speak to 'em, they say I'm not being human!
Like I lack emotion
No I lack love for your life and devotion
As sure as the waves and the waters in motion
I'm a keep toting these twins! - Heaters! - I call 'em the "Olsens"
Ain't 'fraid to shoot but I'm 'fraid of jail!
Momma raised me Christian I'm 'fraid to go to hell!
My dead beat dad got me 'fraid to fail
Look in my sons eyes I wonder can he see my fear!
Raise him to eventually where
His pair of shoes walking across thin air!
Feeling like Moses
Standing up and lost my chair in the process escaping the projects
Risking my life over bitches and objects!
Looking out my condo window like: "Ahh, yes! "
The world's got issues complex
Complicated just like me you just one big mess. (mess!)

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
What a view looking out the window
Down upon those who oppose the fact I grow
Been restored many blessings riches these pots of gold
After the rain comes the rainbow!
No homo! - Used to rock Kangols round the time
Big and Dre did it switched to a fitted a on top
Living on the top floor. - Listening to 'Pac flow!
Smoking my [?] while haters watch from the front row
Hope I don't lose - flop and not blow!
Go broke and marry a tramp hoe!
And have bad kids! - That's just how it is
So I don't give a shit, they can suck my dick!
[?] drive you crazy like Anna Nicole Smith
It's hot at the top. - And that's some cold shit. (cold shit!)
Excuse me mr doorman, may I say this
Could you please take them snakes off my guest list! - At my condo... the penthouse...

[Chorus]