[Intro]
Ooh, yeah
It's all we got nigga
It's all we got nigga
Tell them fuck niggas to stop hatin'
Ooh, they know, uh
Ooh, ooh, yeah

[Hook]
Drippin' out the sauce, see I'm leanin' over (Ey!)
You gotta get her drunk, but I fuck her sober (Ey!)
My plug just got a call, I met him by the border (Ey!)
You fuckin' with them niggas, girl, that's what I told ya (Ey!)
Drippin' out the sauce, see I'm leanin' over (Ey!)
You gotta get her drunk, but I fuck her sober (Ey!)
My plug just got a call, I met him by the border (Ey!)
You fuckin' with them niggas, girl, that's what I told ya, ey (Ey!)

[Verse]
Pull up in the foreign on some coupe shit, ey
White bitch with me, call her Cool Whip, ey
Goons move that 8-ball like a pool stick, ey
She ask me "boy, how the fuck you do it", ey
I got my bands up, don't fuck with nobody, ey
I'ma get rich and be a somebody, ey
And now these bitches on me, get the fuck up off me, ey
I kick it like I'm Jet Li and my bitches cocky, yah
She hot like Wasabi, yea
Should have seen her body, yea
She got on my Johnny, yea
And rode me like a Harley, yea
All these bitches thotties, yea
I can't trust nobody, yea
Only trust familia
You don't look familiar, luh
Nigga's hatin', who are you?
Being careful when I move
I was writing rhymes in school
Teachers callin' me a fool
I stepped out, I got the juice
I hate bein' number two
And I still scream "fuck the world"
It's just me and all my crew
She like me, I'm not the same
I put diamonds in her chain
And you rollin' with the gang
Roll my wood and spark the flame
Tell my parents that I'm good
I don't need no nine-to-five
I just need a couple bands
So I had to step outside
Smokin' Tooka, I can't stress
Talked to God, he said I'm blessed
Niggas actin' like the best
Tell them niggas step correct
Met my plug on his ship
I ain't talkin' rocket ship
New kicks, I almost trip
Shawty like my swag it drip

[Hook]
Drippin' out the sauce, see I'm leanin' over (Ey!)
You gotta get her drunk, but I fuck her sober (Ey!)
My plug just got a call, I met him by the border (Ey!)
You fuckin' with them niggas, girl, that's what I told ya (Ey!)
Drippin' out the sauce, see I'm leanin' over (Ey!)
You gotta get her drunk, but I fuck her sober (Ey!)
My plug just got a call, I met him by the border (Ey!)
You fuckin' with them niggas, girl, that's what I told ya, ey (Ey!)