[Intro: Rich The Kid]
Oh, you dig? You know what I'm sayin'? Rich Forever way, you know what I'm sayin'? The only way, money way, hol' up

[Verse 1: JG]
I'm a high road, bitches love flexin' the eye roll
You might roll up in shit, I don't
I do this shit with my eyes closed, I'm off the Hennessy, I know
I got some enemies lurkin', I got my energy perfect
Try me, you finna' get served, shit, ight though
I talked to God, he said, "Work, [?] get is deserved," I know
I'm tryna' cash in the check, I get like six zeroes of a eye roll
I met a bird out in LA, I made the bitch hit a high note
She tryna' sing to me prolly, told her I can't be the guy, no
One, I'm not the one, tell 'em I do it, this summer I got it done
You sounding dumber than Donald Trump, I'mma do numbers like Donald Trump
I took a trip out to LA, hop out the whip with the Balmains
I got a feeling it's all changed, I got it's all changed

[Pre-Chorus: JG]
Look, I'm chasing thous, yeah, yeah, I'm tryna' count shit
They talkin' down, yeah, yeah, they on some clown shit
Hundreds of thousands, yeah, step up and count shit
Fuck if you doubt shit, you not about shit

[Chorus: JG & Rich The Kid]
These birds out in LA always tryna' creep
Gotta talk to God right before I fall asleep (yeah, what?)
Look up to the sky, watch it fall out in the breeze
All the homies ride, all the homies gotta eat (yeah)

[Verse 2: Rich The Kid]
Yeah, I put that shit on a chain, I put that shit on my rang (what?)
I just might pull out the Range
I fuck that bitch in some Balmain (woah)
Iced out the Rollie, no plain Jane (Rollie)
I fuck your bitch, give her back (bitch)
Ridin' around with that strap (yeah)
I made a mill' outta trap, I got the birds in a Cadillac (milli')
Birds singin' like Mariah (brrt)
Say you down and you a lia' (brrt)
Rich Forever and we on fire (rich)
Walk around pockets too swolled up (rich)

[Pre-Chorus: JG & Rich The Kid]
Look, I'm chasing thous, yeah, yeah, I'm tryna' count shit
They talkin' down, yeah, yeah, they on some clown shit (whip)
Hundreds of thousands, yeah, step up and count shit
Fuck if you doubt shit, you not about shit (what?)

[Chorus: JG & Rich The Kid]
These birds out in LA always tryna' creep (what?)
Gotta talk to God right before I fall asleep (yeah, yeah)
Look up to the sky, watch it fall out in the breeze (woah)
All the homies ride, all the homies gotta eat (Rollie)

[Verse 3: JG]
Since day one, started out I was a hungry man
Momma never had the money man, she was whippin' that Toyota can
Now I get it all in advance, so I need to show money in my hand
I need to blow money, just to show honey I ain't nothin' like another man
Cookin' up, it's hot as oven man, with my pen in right, your bitch in other hand
Keep my tennis tight, you know I run it man
Break the pocket, bitch I'm [?]
Stop it bitch, why you frontin' man?
'Fore I rock ya block I'm off of plenty vodka
Bumpin' Silkk the Shocker while you milly rockin'
Bitch, I'm really rockin', on the brother's band

[Pre-Chorus: JG & Rich The Kid]
Look, I'm chasing thous, yeah, yeah, I'm tryna' count shit
They talkin' down, yeah, yeah, they on some clown shit
Hundreds of thousands, yeah, step up and count shit
Fuck if you doubt shit, you not about shit (what?)

[Chorus: JG & Rich The Kid]
These birds out in LA always tryna' creep (what?)
Gotta talk to God right before I fall asleep (yeah, yeah)
Look up to the sky, watch it fall out in the breeze (woah)
All the homies ride, all the homies gotta eat (Rollie)