[Intro: Rich The Kid & Leafs]
Ayy, ayy
Esketit, mayne, yeaah
Leafs Sensei

[Chorus: Rich The Kid]
Plug walk (plug walk, plug, plug)
I don't even understand how the fuck my plug talk (huh? what, what?)
Pick him up in a space coupe, I don't let my plug walk (skrrt, pull up in a space coupe)
New freak, had to cut my other lil' bitch off (ooh, ooh, lil' bitch)
50K, you could come and book a nigga for a plug walk

[Verse 1: Leafs]
I'll be going strong (what)
Ik finesse je chick, King Kong (you)
You be in the Dons (ya)
Nigga, I ain't done (nigga, I ain't done)
Tell me what's you lingo
Anders schop ik herres met m'n gringos (say what)
Got your bitch sittin' on my D, tho
But I ain't flaggin', that's my OG, tho (ya)
Ya'll be in the fast life
You be eatin', that's life (what ya say?)
I'll be eatin', that's right, aye
Trippin'? No way, I'm a shoe-sensei, bae
Do what I say
You can be my bae, ay

[Chorus: Rich The Kid]
Plug walk (plug walk, plug, plug)
I don't even understand how the fuck my plug talk (huh? what, what?)
Pick him up in a space coupe, I don't let my plug walk (skrrt, pull up in a space coupe)
New freak, had to cut my other lil' bitch off (ooh, ooh, lil' bitch)
50K, you could come and book a nigga for a plug walk

[Verse 2: Rich The Kid]
Big ol' Bentley, it's a spaceship (woah)
Call me on my phone, I don't say shit (what?)
I make money when I talk (when I talk)
I'm a boss, take a loss (I'm a what?)
I could introduce you to the plug (to the plug)
Bitch, this ain't no Henny in my cup (lil' bitch)
Stayed down, now the racks up (racks up)
She gon' let me fuck, ass up (ass up)
Plug
I stuck kis in the Louis V (Louis V)
Fuck 12, I’m a G, ain't no stoppin' me (ain't no stoppin' me)
And my wrist is on overseas (drip)
Rich nigga, you can't talk to me (rich)

[Chorus: Rich The Kid]
Ayy, plug walk (plug walk, plug, plug)
I don't even understand how the fuck my plug talk (huh? what, what?)
Pick him up in a space coupe, I don't let my plug walk (skrrt, pull up in a space coupe)
New freak, had to cut my other lil' bitch off (ooh, ooh, lil' bitch)
50K, you could come and book a nigga for a plug walk

[Outro: Leafs]
On the wave like a du-rag
So I ask bitch: "Aight, do that"
Now I'm in the cave like Zubat
Got 2 bad bitches, that's too bad