[Intro: Rich The Kid]
Hey, hey, hey
Woo!

[Hook: Rich The Kid]
Kitchen, whipping, cooking, flipping, broke my wrist (broke my wrist!)
I done made a milli cooking with the fish (milli!)
Hit the plug on the juug for the whole thang (juug!)
Alicia I got keys I made them birds sing (brrrrr!)
Kitchen, whipping, cooking, flipping, broke my wrist (what?!)
I done made a milli cooking with the fish (milli!)
Hit the plug on the juug for the whole thang (juug!)
Alicia I got keys I made them birds sing (what?!)

[Verse 1: Rich The Kid]
I flip them birds  on the regular (brrrrr!)
Young nigga I trap out the cellular (trap!)
Fuck around with the plug (plug!)
Spend a milli on the drug (milli!)
Drop top with a bad bitch
I fuck her she can't get a kiss (ughh!)
100 thousands on my wrist (hunned!)
Drop top for a brick (skettit!)
Hold it, flip it over with that baking soda (baking soda!)
I done made a milli off of coca cola (a milli!)
Flipping, whipping like a motherfucking chef nigga (chef nigga!)
Catch me ride 'round with that tech nigga (grrrrah!)
100 round drums, I got extra clips (extra clips!)
I ain't shooting at your legs I hit your lip (paow!)
2-2-3 handgun I make your body flip
I got bitches when they pull up they gon' have to strip

[Verse 2: MuffLucid]
A hunned that what is the cost
I'm livin' this life like a boss
My dogs they takin' no loss
Gotta hold them down, fuck the law
If they come we ready to draw
Can you fuck with that darkside squad?
All black, keepin' it savage
You know we ready to do all the damage
You done fucked around and ran up on a blood
Hittin' the dope deal, it's done
Flexin' my wrist [?]
My team money makin', man what the fuck you mean?
Don't make me pull it homie
Got this 380, wodey
And it pump back make you jump back
Slump that, slump that

[Verse 3 : JGRXXN]
Give me the cheese
Give me the watch, give me the keys
Give me the life, burner phone got me a bat
Rich The Kid
Sellin' the brick, hittin' the lick
My nigga Muff
Run up on you, thinkin' you buck
Keyser Söze sellin' O's yay
Got the Juice, run 'em back like OJ
You need that sniff? You see him with the Jersey on him
[?] too slow, because he got that burner on him

[Hook: Rich The Kid]
Kitchen, whipping, cooking, flipping, broke my wrist (broke my wrist!)
I done made a milli cooking with the fish (milli!)
Hit the plug on the juug for the whole thang (juug!)
Alicia I got keys I made them birds sing (brrrrr!)
Kitchen, whipping, cooking, flipping, broke my wrist (what?!)
I done made a milli cooking with the fish (milli!)
Hit the plug on the juug for the whole thang (juug!)
Alicia I got keys I made them birds sing (preach!)