DJ Unknown & DJ Mekalek ft. Esoteric, Breez Evahflowin', and C-Rayz Walz - “Esoteric, Breez Evahflowin', and C-Rayz Walz Freestyle (Brothers on the Slide: The Lost Freestyle Sessions)”
[Emcee(s): Esoteric, Breez Evahflowin', and C-Rayz Walz]
[Producer(s): Mike Heron (Original Instrumental from Screwball - “Who Shot Rudy?”)]
[DJ Mix: DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]
[Scratches: DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]

[Intro: Breez Evahflowin’]
Yeah, yeah.  Word up.  Yeah.  Word up, niggas.  Word up (Uptown).  No luck to walk the deeper sand.  These sounds leaks the land.  It’s the art of the dead from The Lost DJ

[Bridge 1: Samples]
"If you see a devil, smash him" - Sample from Esther Rolle - "(If You See a Devil) Smash Him"

[Interlude 1: Esoteric]
Word up.  The Esoterodactyl swooping in.  With the U-N-K-N-O-W-N.  Wack emcees stop ‘cause you don't know what you're doing.  Check it out.  'Bout to flip this.  Uh, uh.  Yo

[Verse 1: Esoteric]
To murder, shape, and hurt, I say: I disassemble vertebrates
Curdle blood, tear off flesh.  Esoteric lyrics bless
Tracks that mutate into wax after mastery
The strategy incorporated orchestrate to tragedy
I'm manifesting lyrics to kick your chest in
Digesting my food for thought?  Eat that for testing
Tactics I employ destroy and intimidate
Consider fake b-boys toys to obliterate
Take command, crushing all my enemies, taking
A stand, a giant avalanche quaking your fans.  The mic
Killer, I’ll bring doom, ripping buffoons.  Rhymes
Expand like the womb in delivering rooms
True story.  Esoteric straight up gets gory
With the oratory.  The pterodactyl

[Bridge 2: Samples with Scratches by DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]
“The deadliest force in the universe.  Nothing can escape it” - Sample from [?]
"Cutting and scratching” - Sample from Run-D.M.C. - "Jam Master Jay" (x2)
“Incredible powers” - Sample from [?]

[Verse 2: Breez Evahflowin']
I’ll spit like I was born in the store.  Up in
Boston, rock tighter than the former noir
NYC.  Perform my songs at High C
With chicks in little strips of tape, tickling the ivory
Behind me.  I'm on some show-stopper shit
Sex the opposite.  My TEC's the proper shit
Dropping shit like finger spasms having a fit
Have a fifth and just trash it, you soggy sandwich
Doggy, doggy, step right out.  I’ll do damage
Profile: DJ Unknown style
Piles of nonsense.  This Eastern Conference
Bomb threat's legit.  Ready, set, quit
I'm Deadeye Dick when I spit—you hit too
You, your crew, and that beast you call "Boo"
Are you not sufficiently sonned?  Aight, check it
Peep the Polaroid of me and your moms monkey-necking

[Verse 3: C-Rayz Walz]
Ayyo, I’ll flow.  You sing like Snow, you informant
My dick's a compilation—your whole clique's on it
Out of million brain cells laying dormant, this is just
A portion of thought from the master of my organs
Nerve impulses orbit 'til I make a fortune
Off these words, self-preserved that reserved caution
Wild manifest of my cryptic mode
I tried to write it down, but my pencil broke
Instrumentals poke at my side 'til it nag me
Grab me.  I’ll begin to freestyle madly
Unaware of fools disguised as bystanders
I said things personal and spread slanders
But when I battle, it's really peace, y'all.  I’ll control enough
Force to crush your skull with a beach ball
And keep y'all out the game like a jealous coach
Mad ‘cause his career went up in smoke.  So, when I write
Y'all should chill and save strength.  I'm
Ill enough to surf on your brain wave lengths.  Forced into
A rehab for dope metaphors, had
To battle myself—I was surrounded by Walz/walls
Padded like the book you couldn't find in most stores
A nice razor slice—now I’ll write rhymes in gauze
Rebel without applause ‘cause my sister broke the button
I’ll ramshack—stand back—you fronting
You prey on the weak and run from the strong—that's why
You'll never see me like Mike Tyson in thongs
I appear like a genie with a sensei's plot
'Til you disappear like Kunta Kinte's socks

[Bridge 3: Samples]
"Holy shit!  You see that fucking head come apart, man?  I never seen brains like that before, man" - Sample from Bunny in Platoon (1986)

[Outro: C-Rayz Walz]
Some Unknown shit.  Get your head blown, bitch.  By a rap kid or something