Nigga you ain't gotta like me to love me....

[Verse 1]
Live life, die never
That shit sound clever
Rest in peace to my nigga Payso, you live forever
I was armed with that bullshit
Brought up off that bullshit
That Chuck D, that Ice Cube
That hard shit, that nigga so soft
He starting to get retarded
EX change my name cause Barack's in office
His inauguration will stop my conviction
So y'all can suck my dick until that nigga will be different
You lame mission christians
Unapologetic in my convictions
Said it because I meant, I'm cynical bitch
I'm legend in the flesh
Go on, check my resume, then ask
Why these whack ass niggas all ahead of me
There's fuckin' virgin lips
No I ain't suck a dick
I slurp a bloody pussy before I be making facts
Bite me down, light me fucka
I'm alotta shit, but I ain't no sucka
Three straps on a back, watch three chuckles
No way back for a black motherfucker
Where the A train? where the C train?
Where the few people that still think that I'm sane?
I live in a society but nigga I ain't Kane
I see them niggas creepin'
I'll hit 'em up with the flame
When I bang motherfucker, I bang
I fuck a bitch down, 'till my nuts be drained
Eye-ball a nigga, collect action figures
But still you can't find me a rapper who's realer
Fuck you...

[Bridge]
Galactus...
Who want it? who-who-who want it?
Who want it? who-who-who want it?
Who want it? who-who-who want it?
Who want it? who-who-who want it?

[Verse 2]
My life's like the movie Heavy Metal, but ghetto
You told me I ain't your type, but bitch you gon' settle
Vote for Pedro, Underdog tatted on my arm
I'ma set it down, a bowl of my lucky charm
I'm a don in my own mind
Hit you with a clothesline
Law struck, that's why hook be blowing up my phone line
I comb fine, if I ain't that I'm pulling a Cyrano
I pour it in a cup, and niggas shake it in a bottle
Desperado, but the fuck? feel like I won the lotto
My lines, copastyle, but my lifestyle, raw
That's how I'm living, I'm living, they pull at any minute
I ain't a living social, and the planet can prevent it
From different planets, advantaged with a stolen box of finished comic
Books, checkmate, green up, I don't do
I was the mild man, the Bruce Banner type
Crack enemies harder than proficiate
Saturday my fantasy how can it be?
Reality ain't been too kind to me
Psycho dichotomy, divided by all the demons inside of me
Product of my environment, honestly though, I like this shit
Memo to the blogs that won’t play me, fucking suck my dick
Slurp...