DJ Unknown & DJ Mekalek ft. Esoteric, J-Treds, and Breeze Brewin - “Gunn Clapp”
[Emcee(s): Esoteric, J-Treds, and Breeze Brewin]
[Producer(s): Mr. Walt (Original Instrumental from O.G.C. - "Gunn Clapp")]
[DJ Mix: DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]
[Scratches: DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]

[Intro: Esoteric]
Check.  It’s Esoteric swooping in for Mek and Unknown

[Hook: Samples with Scratches by DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]
“Kids'll be in misery from Esoteric's wizardry” - Sample from Esoteric on [?] - “[?]”

[Verse 1: Esoteric]
I attack like a World War II paratrooper
Leave crabs in a stupor like a school of barracudas
Speak with the breath of Judah, screaming, “Death to
The fraudulent.”  Then I’ll bring ‘em back to my college and
I’m walking in, greeted by a girl that should be modeling
Catch a backrub, put my feet up on an ottoman
Box ‘em in like lobstermen.  Yo, I’ll stalk ‘em and
My words get caught in mouth/cottonmouth like water moccasins
Peace offering?  No way.  We’re taking whole frames
We’ll throw ‘em to the flames—partner, go change
Them cats are no-name, should have pressed a white label
The only shit I feared was gagging you with the mic cable
I’m quite stable when the audience applauds
A broader audience captures an audience of broads
We’re obviously gods with lines you can’t trace
You thought you with our headquarters, but that was just our fan base

[Hook: Samples with Scratches by DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]
"I'm the living circle circle dot dot" - Sample from J-Treds on Company Flow ft. Breeze Brewin and J-Treds - "The Fire in Which You Burn"
"Nobody can touch me" - Sample from J-Treds on Company Flow ft. Breeze Brewin and J-Treds - "The Fire in Which You Burn"

[Verse 2: J-Treds]
Yo, when
I’ll roll up on the scene, you know the program
It speaks soft with deep thoughts broken
But hold the weight of the world—I’m Atlas shoulders
I’ll just stay focused like we’re cats who practice yoga
But when I seek the inner peace, pump the Prince album
Then link up and transform one to Twin Towers
And, after that, my mic check’s like declaring war
‘Cause I’m the chief of staff, the chairman of the board
That’s why my followers show up in wild amounts, duke
That’s why I Kinte-fy any tribal council
So what if you try, rappers?  I’ma outdo
‘Cause I’ve been spitting fire since girl or house
But, suckers, what house are you?  Real or imposter?
Then you’ll steal or cop in the field of wheel-watchers
My lifetime reveals the code of keeping it realer than
Hoffa.  That’s why the people about to kill massa
And my legacy of vowels Spielberg at the Oscars
Put the [?] at risk, I’d like to thank the Academy
See, I’m the star of the show.  I’m taking a bow, see?
And I don’t have to Boast a Tom Hanks personality
Flow like [?], but you could call me J
[?] and them flicks with [?]
Forward to present-day.  Shit never gon’ change
Same skills, but I got a little longer résumé

[Hook: Samples with Scratches by DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]
"A bad nigga when it comes to grabbing mics" - Sample from Breeze Brewin on Juggaknots - "Epiphany"

[Verse 3: Breeze Brewin]
You’re Bad Joe, Soprano, you’re mafia
I shot heaters.  You got sweeter.  Soprano
Style of vocals switched like the yodel pitch.  Your voice
Cracking, your poise lacking, to moist laxing
Breaking and wild shook like a Blair Witch bootleg
I’m too mega, making them style crooks, out of fear, snitch
On self.  You want immunity?  You want some lunacy?
Go in Hell.  Slug in your beer, buck in your ear
Wrath of Khan, a formed path to Juggaknot.  A brother got
A straight yield or fate sealed.  I’m leaving ‘em with
The confidence of getting no ass from having no dick
Run-back-to-your-mother’s-womb type of agoraphobic
I’m Dr. Chase Thug.  A locked deranged mug
To sad frown with mad rounds that shot the gauge slug
Limitless mental making tough guys see enough
Why I wanted to guard under façade timid and gentle
Choking on your battle script, that’ll flip
When I’ll twist your arm into swivel-arm battle grip
You’re not G.I.  You’re more like some average
Joe Blow meaning to blow.  You probably having
A blow (Dick nigga)