[Verse 1]

I woke up early try to slide out of bed, I try not to wake the cat
Cause if the cat gets up then the girl gets up
Then my day’s messed up cause I’m more or less stuck
With the plans and ideas that going into gear
You know I’d rather be on that mic saying, “Yeah.”
Check one but the kitty just sprung and the girl just followed her
Now she wide awake and I cannot not acknowledge her
She said something then yawned, sounded like Bed, Bath and Beyond
These days it sucks, so many errands to do
Turn on the TV, Sox lost 7-2, wanna scream
Not cause they lost to a sucky team
But because my girl’s right in front of the screen
And my whole goal is to propose, am I insane?
This life and married life gotta be the same
I am the pinnacle of cynical, I’m infinitely miserable
On these days cause the only BJ’s I got in store
You need a membership card for, she’s pretty hardcore
Telling me Nikes off the floor like I can find em in the yard more
I’m about to lose it for real, I gotta stop thinking about the music

[Verse 2]

I got an empty stomach infecting my mood
I’m thinking guy food like fries and wings
She’s thinking Thai food telling me I need to try new things
But I’m fine with onion rings
Me up in the store? You can forget that
I’ll just be here in the whip so don’t you sweat that
Get this, get that, I’m holding things
Turkey baked and grapes and Poland Springs
Always thought that I was the only king
I was wrong, I thought that she likes folded things
Now we’re back in the whip, she going on and on
While in my head I’m trying to think up a song
And she knows that telling me I’d better start listening
Or else I’m gonna miss her like I missed Billy’s christening
I tell her that I’m listening, it’s just not riveting
I know who we’re visiting, I heard what you said
No, Auntie on Thursday, it’s Friday it’s standard
Tears start to shed, said Auntie is dead
Oh man, tell me what I’m supposed to say
I’m about to lose it, gotta stop thinking about the music

[Verse 3]

Phew, day’s almost over, we can go home and relax
Maybe watch a movie, catch a booty and hit the sack
Yeah you got me today but I’mma get you back

[Verse 4]

Now Seamus the ultimate pain in my rear end
? complaining, this what I’m hearing
Sick and tired of running all these errands too
Taking care of you is harder than a skydive fall sans a parachute
This is beyond beds and baths
Set up like an ? summoning the sass
While you’re trying to act the macho ?
? till the shit started, this is hard work
Run in the house while you’re running your mouth
? might just slice and dice
Luckily bad dogs, they don’t go to Heaven
Patience is wearing thin, you got a lot of nerve
? arrogance, fart, burp, piss and leave the seat up, you never clean up
Not trying to be that bunny but enough is enough
So this man show stuff, suggest you stop it
You don’t want me to pull a Bobbitt
Chop it off and throw it out the window
Leave your manhood in limbo
Girls be like, “Is that a him, though?”
Yo, ? lay me down like ?
Take a girl for granted? Sir, that’s a no-no
A livewire made of TNT
When I’m done with you you’ll need an EMT
Ow, ? while I’m washing dishes
And you’re sitting on the sofa scratching ? itches
I’m cultivating vicious plans to emancipate myself from this Hell man
Wings and fries will give you thunder thighs
Instead of watching TV go and exercise
That’s not nagging, still it’s hard to be in charge
When your feet keep dragging
You know you’re lucky that you got me
This is ? coky
We got a special connection so let’s keep things in the right direction
But in regard to the BJ issue, handle it yourself, here’s a tissue