[Verse 1: Celph Titled]

Back with the kill, death, murder
You better check your computers
I won't ever cheat on my bitch
But I'll still sleep with a Luger
You can see my reflection in the chrome it stays blazing
I guess my gangsta's all smoke and mirrors
Kidnap you in the basement with hatchets and cleavers
So every time after that you hearin the Wu-Tang Torture skit
And you havin a seizure
Fuck your street cred I'll turn your street red
Or skin the head of a skinhead
Celph Titled and ES raisin' hell without Pinhead
Its been said the pharaohs immortalize rhymes
We keep heist plans in a trapper keeper... that's organized crime
You might arrive in a stretch limo tinted out
But you'll leave on a stretcher linen with no mouth
Neck broken and ribs stickin out!

[Esoteric]
We the gorillas, this the season of Ichi The Killer
You're cd is filler so we beef like manilla
My sneakers, peach and vanilla
Call me michael jordan, while recordin
Slide a sword inside your organs
Speak from the pillars
How real is ES for that scrilla?
I build with godzilla's militant
Flotillas that believe in shootin first like reggie miller
The illest of all sorts, we spit that fire motherfucker
To leave you lookin like dude on the "Legacy of Blood" cover

[Celph Titled]
Soldier's stand up [UP!]
Ready the artillery
SALUTE! your comrade
Eliminate the enemy
Fire in the hole [hole!]
We lettin our grenades [blow!]
It's like we pull the pins out every time we pull our pens out

[??]
By now you should know theres no fuckin around
Its the army and its goin down
We came to take it all
And there ain't no stoppin when the candles start poppin'

[Celph Titled]
I wish a motherfucker would yap their lips
Cause if I rap or load a clip
Either way that you look at it
A mack's about to spit
Crack houses, I'm out with
Real killas not rappers
Who keep pumps on our lap like we inflicted with asthma
Addicted to disaster, every last bullet, I ain't savin none
Can't say hi to my neighbors cause I might wave a gun
Aim at the sun and you can shoot for the stars
Put on your beat and we'll turn it off
Won't even let it loop for a bar
We known to give your head an obstruction
Preach death and destruction
Cop diesel when I cock the eagle
And thats not for nothin
My shots always hit their target after the smoke sprays
Cause we store bullets in cat shelters so theres no strays

[Esoteric]
We sinkin arrows through your mink and pink apparel
The pharaoh, king of the battle, on the brink of insanity
Frantically I spray the ink out the barrel
The way you're thinkin is narrow
We break your bones baby drinkin' the marrow
These psychics blink at my tarot
(You serious?) That's hilarious
You rollin up in chariots and leave in wheel-barrows
I'll have you wrapped in plastic
Just like the food in fruit baskets
I'll have your crew in suit jackets
All sad when viewing the casket
Now they pursue and attack us
To rep for you and get back at me
But I'm rollin with the army
Motherfucker, you can ask for me
And even when I'm outnumbered
I shut 'em down like Teddy Bruschi
And I proved it in the past
So don't you fuck around
Call me stupendous, with sentences pen a genesis
Chemist with seven venomous menaces on your premesis
We write the torture papes orchestrate ways to slaughter fakes
Formulate tapes and tour the states, I can ride with norman bates

[Celph Titled]
Soldier's stand up [UP!]
Ready the artillery
SALUTE! your comrade
Eliminate the enemy
Fire in the hole [hole!]
We lettin our grenades [blow!]
Its like we pull the pins out every time we pull our pens out

[??]
By now you should know theres no fuckin around
Its the army and its goin down
We came to take it all
And there ain't no stoppin when the candles start poppin'