[Intro]
Red Alert, Red Alert!
Red Alert, Red Alert!
Red Alert, Red Alert!
Red Alert, Red Alert!

[Verse 1: Esoteric]
I’m way ahead of rappers, like where they used to keep the rock cassettes
I got a leg up like how Cool J used to rock his sweats
Let’s see, I’m the killer you’re the victim
We both got a way with words I’m just iller when I spit them
Pew Pew, Church benches
All you hear, Clap Clap, all you fear
I’m kinda sick so I took this verse off
But I’m kinda in charge of the fucking project
So they can't take this verse off
First off you’re nerf soft, hang it up tyke
Fuck Seamus up? Yeah right
It’s that high-end shit, I must be on another level
Like I’m at Macy’s and can’t find the men’s shit
I leave a new emcee shaking
Hoppin’ out the whip the same color as gluten free bacon
I got that gluten-free, I got that gluten-free
"Yo hold the fuck up! Gluten free? You ain’t got no celiac disease!"
You all about frontin’ you ain’t been on the road
The only real tour (Realtor) you ever dealt with is house hunting
Czarface persona, drunk off that Jameson
On my J.Jonah and I’m out

[Hook]

[Interlude]
Professor X calling! Red Alert! Red Alert!
Mayday! Mayday!
Hurry! The Professor needs us!
But who dare threaten us now?
Czarface!
I’m sorry to bother you
But something has come up that I thought you’d want to know about
What is it Hans?
Something’s wrong with the kids

[Verse 2: Inspectah Deck]
Broadcasting live out the kitchen like a cooking show
Cake boss, they open off of cookie dough
I see ‘em looking though, I’m on A-Plus
Game tough, clutch performer and my name’s up
You puff that plain stuff, I hit that sour power
Might've hit that white girl but I ain’t ‘bout no powder
Clash with the titans who blast with the license
To kill, for real that’s why they icing my grill
Don’t deny what I’m reciting is ill
Not saying I’m the greatest alive, only time will reveal
I lean ‘em in the dope fiend, fire provider
Light up the whole scene, sinister spitter did it for no cream
My line-up the finest just like a pro team
From the bottom I’ve risen, living the life most dream
They smiling in your face but the hate’s strong
So I ram it in their face like Jake Long

[Outro]