[Intro]
You know you say something and you know what's up

[Verse 1: Beleaf]
Ain't this life perfect?
I took my time and I got a mind full of Spurgeon
Still potty mouth all day, I've been cursin'
People look down on me, but that's all surface
I'm surfing with sometimes potty train
Pissin' and they can not aim
Break and buy a booster game
'cause money ain't a thing
Baby momma on the couch nursin'
Used to write love letters to her, not in cursive. She was curvin'
All them curves that I don't deserve, she was irkin
Walking while she's workin'
I was watchin', I was lurkin'
I would bump into her on purpose SKURT
Tires screachin', stoppin' short, disc golfin' is my sport
Never miss the man though, that is mandatory
Playin' with my pops, don't trust him with the score sheet
I don't wanna go platinum, I just want plastic
I just want the change daily when I hit the basket

[Hook: Beleaf]
Ain't this life perfect?
I just woke up and drank a cup full of purpose
I been feelin' calm when this life is a circus
I believe in me now, before I was worthless, ahhhhh
Ain't this life perfect?
They didn't see me coming up, they thought I was nervous
They don't know we tearing down the walls in the churches
Yeah we got the antidote, and we gave birth to it, ahhhhh

[Verse 2: Andy Mineo]
Pardon the limp, I caught a sex-related injury
I wrecked the hip-flexer trying to make a mini-me
Yeah, I'm 'bout to start the kid's ministry
You don't think hell is real, you never flown middle seat
And the plane ride home is when I get the sleep
I copped the mean green juice over at Pick N Eat
And Beleaf still lookin' like Mr. Clean
Potty mouth, I should gift you with the Listerine, heh
I bagged a sweetie, this ain't trick or treat
I'ma eat whatever they produce, you pick the beat
And I don't take myself too serious
Got the cardigan shawl that I copped from Sears, uh
Uh, what you ain't know, I just thought it's obvious
You know what every outfit needs, a little confidence
It's why I swagged the wallaby moccasins
Lookin' at the naysayers like "What the problem is?"
It's my style, get your own, uh
Kingdom come, we gon' get the throne, uh
Scared of death? That's my ticket home
So I'm lookin' at the reaper like "Bring it on", ahhhh

[Hook: Andy Mineo]
Ain't this life perfect?
I just woke up and drank a cup full of purpose
I been feelin' calm when this life is a circus
I believe in me now, before I was worthless, ahhhhh
Ain't this life perfect?
I just woke up and drank a cup full of purpose
I been feelin' calm when this life is a circus
I believe in me now, before I was worthless, ahhhhh

[Narration]
You know, sometimes bad things happen in your life. You can't control that, bad things happen. But all things work together for the good of those who love Him and are called according to His purpose, and I've been called baby. I've been called. And when I check my voicemail, it says "Call me black". But nah baby, I ain't wasting my minutes. What I look like, Booboo the fool? You can't master it baby, you better activate it. Here we go