[Verse 1]
Can I bust a rhyme?
I'm a rapper, not your average, I come from another kind
The way I drop it, they wanna go use the John, number 2
See the signs of turning water to wine
Took a trip to Kenya, then I saw the Maasai
Took a trip S.A., I was chilling with lions
Think I'm lyin, check my Twitter timeline
You're gonna be finding it chilling around some time November 29
My savior came, put his hands where they eyes couldn't see
With a touch he could heal the blind
Then he coming back like a spine
I'm seeing lies the enemy tryna sell me
I tell him I'm not buyin' 'em
And when I do, I be wylin'
Not putting Christ in the center like Andrew Bynum
Denying him, but now I'm relying on Him
My mind was the kind that inspired violence
I swear I needed asylums
From New York to Milan I be styling on 'em
OG Baxter, harder than Margarito hands wrapped in plaster
Hold up let me ask ya, ask ya
Who you chasing after?
The God that we rap about or just a rapper?
That's some wack stuff
Like calling whoever you podcast your pastor
Growing pains feel better after
While you going through 'em like "how long they gonna last for? "
If you wasn't chastised then I ask ya
Are you a legitimate child of the master?
You want that? I think not
So get them hands high, let me see you rock!

[Hook] (x2)
They put they hands in the sky
(Be careful who you worship when you wave 'em at concerts)
They wave 'em from side to side, but please don't get it twisted

[Verse 2]
I wanna be in it but not of it
When the record starts spinning the feeling it starts coming
Remembering the days of my sin and even loved it
But now I think about what I did and I feel disgusted
This Busta Rhymes record that I'm busting
Is a testament to what the Father did when I trusted Him
Don't you hear how, everything is changing now?
The snares, the kicks, even my lifestyle
It don't sound like, anything I started with
It's transformed, metaphor in the art of it
Hip-hop is the culture I am apart of it
But I answer to the one that's in charge of it
If I offended you brother I hope you pardon it
The mission is to lead where they are, that's heart of it
God takes what the Devil intended for evil
And use it for good of those that He call His people
If He redeemed you in your heart that's deceitful
Then he can do it to a beat too
And we could have beef on the methods
As long us we agree to reach peeps with the message
That he redeems people and beats
I'm free from the sentence of death that I was in debt with
I'm telling 'em

[Hook] (x2)

[Outro]
Andy: What did you uh, what did you think about your son's mixtape mom?
Andy's Mom: Uh, I like. There's a couple songs in there I like. I don't like the heavy rap ones, they're too noisy for me. But I like, there's a couple of them I like there, so
Andy: Yea!?
Andy's Mom: It's the same way when I go on Lecrae, holy cow! I don't know where I'm going now, I'm all mixed up. I do not know. I thought I was ?, but now I don't know
Andy: Ok, I love you mom
Andy's Mom: Hey, I love you too bunny
Andy: Ok, I'll talk to you soon
Andy's Mom: Ok bye...hey Andy, Andy!
Andy: Yea
Andy's Mom: Andy!
Andy: Yea
Andy's Mom: I met Lord. I got on the right road. I just thought I'd tell you
Andy: Praise Him
Andy's Mom: I love you babe
Andy: Love you too mom
Andy's Mom: Bye
Andy: Alright, bye