[Verse 1]
The older I get, the more I realize
Almost everything I believed in my life was a lie
It started as a child, first was Santa Claus
Then I believed that a broad would never come between my dawgs, wrong
My sister Mary filled me in when I was seven
Told me Hulk Hogan only existed on television (what?)
The Stone Cold Stunner and the Leg Drop, all scripted?
N.W.O. and X-Pac? Dang
I used to walk up to them automatic doors
My momma told me that my finger was the power source
So I pointed with my pointer, then, pow! It was open, then come to find out she was jokin'
Had to let it soak in, my mind as a boy didn't wanna believe that McGwire or Barry were on the 'roids
But, uh, when I was young, I thought the world was alright
It's funny, I even thought that Jesus was white, but yo

[Hook: DAB, Mr. Talkbox & Andy Mineo]
All that glitters ain't made of gold
It's the thing you've heard a million times before
I know, I know
It took a little time, now I realize
Now I know better, it's better late than never
Now I know

[Verse 2]
Over the years, you get more accustomed to pain
Used to believe my dad when he'd say he'd come to my games
Even believed my mother was a saint and could do no wrong
And then she sat me down and told me how I was born (shoot)
Mind blown, but now it all makes sense
Why she didn't spazz on me when she caught me havin' sex
I was perplexed but now I get it
I used to think America was finished with racism, how could I miss it?
I'm mad so many people don't get it
Holdin' this list of black names, but now I'm blacklisted?
Got older, it's like it got no different
I found out that these independent artists isn't independent
Cause major labels fund them quietly to keep perception
That's deception in the game
Used to believe I wanted fame, plus my name written in them lights
Now I know it's so much greater cause it's written in the hand of Christ
Then, I, I used to say the radio would play what the people wanted
Now I know they playin' what's payin'
Feelin' jaded, but somehow I still believe in God
I even thought a college education got me a job, man

[Hook: DAB]
All that glitters ain't made of gold
(All that glitters ain't made of gold, man)
It's the thing you've heard a million times before
(I know, I know, I know you heard it all before)
It took a little time, now I realize
(It took a little while, now I know)
Now I know better, it's better late than never
(it's better late than never)
Now I know

[Outro: Mr. Talkbox]
Now I know better
Yes, I know better
Now I know better
Yes, I know better
Now I know better (took me a while)
Yes, I know better (just to realize)
Now I know better (now I know better)
Yes, I know better
Now I know
Too many times
I know, I know, I know better
Alright, alright.....