[Intro - Pastor Mark Driscoll?]
Jesus goes to the cross and says what? 'Its finished.' Jesus is God. He lived the life we could never live. Died the death we should have died. But on the cross he says, 'Its finished. Its all done

[Verse 1 - Andy Mineo]
Every time I think about Him, I be getting so amazed by the grace that replaced my works
I was never deserving that perfect person cause the serpent was living in me, a purge. I was cursed
Since Adam ate from that Tree, somebody got to right the debt
Cause the cost of sin is death. No matter how rich you is, you can't write the check
Somebody gotta pay the cost
Somebody's body gotta be broken. A token taking the lost
So as you pray to Allah, go ahead and label me wrong
I praise Jesus cause even as we were heathens, He chose to take the cross
The Christ came and never sinned, though He could have tried
Lived a life I could never live
Died a death I should have died
I got a humble joy. I put my pride aside
Even when I stumble, boy, I know He'll still provide
Even when I wonder, Lord. I know He's still alive
I'm always seeking Him more. Never feel like I've arrived
I'm still a target for sin, Satan trying to lock me in
He's trying harder. He's baiting through apple schnapps and gin
Be the pops my oxygen. He's my (breathe in and out) yeah
So when I'm breathing I be defeating the views because he keeps giving reason to suck in air
This life ain't mines. I'm just borrowing the suit cuz
He created it, made it, decorated, and then gave it
I abused it, use it, and bruised it but then he came and saved it
From my self-induced anguish, hatred, and tasteless favorites
I hope to paint this picture that'll pull you out that Matrix
So you can praise the Savior and you can dance like David

[Hook]
So get  your hands up
Cause our sins is what nailed His feet and His hands up
He took it on the Cross
I got problems, I got sins you can never know
We don't got to hold them. We can let them go
He took it on the Cross

[Post-hook]
Hey man, I don't care where you came from or how much wrong you done. Jesus died for sins. Past, present, and future. You think your good deeds will get you to heaven? Well, we all sinners. How good is good enough? You tell me. Jesus is the checkpoint

[Verse 2]
I can hear it now. You know you're living wrong
But you're a rapper and everyone want to sing your songs
Plus your paper long, and your shorty hot
And, as badly you want to change, you know you're surely not
Cause his sins have got you. You couldn't do it over
So what's the sense in saying "Sorry" if you know you screwed up
But if you only knew of the power God can give you
When you ask Him into your life, to come and live up in you
He'll take your heart of stone. Give it a heart of flesh
Your body will tell you no but His spirit saying yes
Your desires will change. You'll be a new creation
But please don't wait no longer. Ho-homie your life is wasted

[Hook]
So get  your hands up
Cause our sins is what nailed His feet and His hands up
He took it on the Cross
I got problems, I got sins you can never know
We don't got to hold them. We can let them go
He took it on the Cross

[Outro]
He took it on the Cross