[Verse 1]
Who could take two fish and five loaves, make a meal
Feedin' five thousand, tried to crown Him, He ?
He woke up from His slumber, told the water, "Be still"
The ill touched the hem of the garment, they healed
That ain't happenin' He spoke into existence
Earth with His words ? emerged, no resistance
Told the stars and planets where to go, yo, they listened
Made the mountains rise and the valleys all dip, kid
(Yo, who is next to God?)
Man, ain't no single one of 'em
They don't want His presence, just ? that's just some of Him
Others don't believe, they even makin' fun of Him
But when He cracks the sky, ain't no way that you could run from Him
Even though He's lovin' enough to give us His son
If we ain't takin' that free gift and salvation, He's bringin' justice
Slayin' the wicked, yes, this applies to you listener
Even if you're thinkin' you good insde, nah
Everyone has sinned and fallen short of perfection
So sittin' next to an infinite God, out of the question
'Less we receive the one that was slain and then resurrected in place of our sinfulness
With repentance, we got a death wish

[Break]
I want you to know there is a God in heaven, and He is worthy of all praise and glory and honor. And he demands such from you. And He has made it possible in His glory, in His love for you to come to Him. And He cries out, "All who are thirsty come and drink. All who are hungry come and eat. Why do you spend your money on that which will not satisfy? Come and drink from me"

[Verse 2]
Now, don't you wanna go and take a sip from the living water (come taste)
Ain't no better time than the one that we livin' in right now (make haste)
Everybody sayin' that they gonna serve Him later (don't wait)
All up in the grave before you ?, don't play (too late)
Every second is tickin', you never know when ?
You better make a decision
Jesus the light of the world, let Him come on in and give you vision
Quit runnin' and makin' excuses, I ain't gon' beg
Cause He already ? reignin' sovereign, and He gonna choose His kids
But the good news is if they're here, this opportunity's bangin'
To know the one who slayed His son for your sin was the payment
Cause your sin was so heinous that death in hell was the verdict waitin' after the arraignment
But Christ changed it
I must be faithful to mention after the grave, He ascended
Now He's placed in the heavens receiving praise, never endin'
Saved by grace, that's the message
Only by faith, not my efforts
He's comin' back, I'm hopin' you on the guest list

[Break 2]
And maybe as you heard the Gospel preached you became aware of your sin and your vileness before a holy God. And then you heard about Christ and your heart leaped with joy. And you said to yourself, "I'm the vilest of creatures, is there hope for me?" Yes there's hope for you! You have repentance, at least the seeds of it, in your heart. Now you'll ask one thing, believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and you shall be saved. The clock is ticking and time is fleeing. Christ will return. People tell me, "I don't care, He's not gonna return for a thousand years." Maybe so, but inside of twenty-five, fifty, sixty years, everyone in this room is going to see Him. Either you're going there or He's coming here, it really makes no difference. You will see Him, you will stand before Him. He's coming, and when He comes it will be both wonderful and absolutely terrifying. As one preacher said, "I have good news and bad news. The good news is God is here, the bad news is God is here. It depends which side of the line you're standing on