[Prelude]
I take all your thoughts, just in the past hour, and put them up on a projector screen for everybody to see
Yo, God sees those
We're really that wicked, He's that holy

[Verse 1]
Now, He sees those
Lies from the guys that try to divide
But God's on my side, so the bride will survive
Keep my eyes on the prize when the conflict arise
To live is Christ, and it's gain if I die
Might seem strange, insane in the eyes
Mainstream cats, they chasin' the lies
Thinkin' that everything they attain is the idealistic
But really, it all stays when you die
Think I'm crazed cause I don't put my faith in the phrase of a page of a book that was made by man?
That's the statement that stands, my neighbors in France
I think you need the basics, man
If they never look to see what it says, they can't test
To see if it's true or even take the exam
Basically, fam, they don't want to think about the grave when it's really time to lay in the sand
And really, it's only because they're afraid to examine
The ways of their heart. It don't make them say, "Yeah!"
If they find truth in the faith in the jam cause all of a sudden it would put a change in their plans
Can't get crunk, can't get high
No sex yet, gotta wait for your bride
If that's the concern of your whole life's purpose
You missed the whole point. That life's worthless

[Hook]
(I always feel like somebody's watching me!)
He's omnipotent, omniscient, infinite. God of the universe, time ain't no limit it
(I always feel like somebody's watching me!)
His name is Jesus. He sees us. We're all going to meet Him soon
(I always feel like somebody's watching me!)
He's omnipotent, omniscient, infinite. God of the universe, time ain't no limit it
(I always feel like somebody's watching me!)
His name is Jesus. He sees us. We're all going to meet Him soon

[Verse 2]
What are they trying to say?
Christians, trapped like a prisoner?
Really got it backwards, mister
Got the roles twisted, just don't see the big picture
Gotta zoom out, see the truth now
It's the things that we're staying away from
Make you think that we're lame and evade fun
Cause we call it sin and refrain, my friend
Yo, it's cause we know it'll bring pain in the end
Let me give examples that's ample:
A mouth, can't keep your pants on, romance on the couch
With your girlfriend and a couple more "ow"
Sooner or later, you're going to say, "Ouch!"
Or what about when it's time to settle down
Want to get married, maybe have a small child
With the girl of your dreams, you could share all your secrets
What if she asks, "How many girls did you sleep with?"
Or vice versa! A double standard? If you knew how many mans was in it, it would hurt you
When you come face to face to touch lips, and wonder what else just kissed you
I ain't trying to diss. None of us perfect
But why live in sin if you know it brings a hearse trip?
It ain't worth it! We was made for a purpose:
His praise and His worship
I'm hoping you learn this
Sin is so wack!
It eventually exploits itself. By the time you figure it out, you can't go back!
That's the reason why I serve Him. He's so real, and I'm so certain
How do I know?
Well, I met Him when I let Him come up in my frame
I opened my heart and believed, and I ain't never been the same
Outside the blood that was spilled for my sin
Then I called on His name: Jesus!

[Hook]