[Verse 1]

I just wanna see you dance off rhythm to a dancehall riddum
On the floor making her booty pop, pray the lord it isn't booty pop
Dirty dancing with a movie star, dirty thoughts of what I'd do to her
White Girl, she don't really listen but this audio dope move coke like Clinton
Would your Dad mind I'm a black guy? You ever snort white off a black log?
You ever laid dubs in a trap? Now who you know higher than Dymez? Riddle me that nigga
Sheesh, Nigga we back with a flow & an energy my enemies lack
Swimming with sharks when dealing with these industry cats, but what you
Thought was killing me is bringing me back, its like..

[Hook]

You must be stuck up in a dream, its like adding gasoline to the fire get me started like
I flip my birds to the world like a kilo of that white girl, she just wanna party like

[Verse 2]

Its a shame how I'm hurting niggas feelings
Crushing up the weed while they crushing on these women
Cutting when I need, you be cutting when you she bleed
I be nutting in her weave & you spend time spending
Toast to the killer Dymez Lennon, iller rhymes to solidify victims
To sharp not to hit a mark, who do you consider comp?
Here's a box, get inside with him
I'm back off my field trip, with that real shit for your soul
Been that beast reppin my coast, plus my swank is doing most
Rock that PUMA life on my toes. I'm so Usain in my Bolts
Rock my 2 chains or my bow, my flow so Hussain I'm gone blow, No?
Fuck outta here

[Hook]

You must be stuck up in a dream, its like adding gasoline to the fire get me started like
I flip my birds to the world like a kilo of that white girl, she just wanna party like
You must be stuck up in a dream, its like adding gasoline to the fire get me started like
I flip my birds to the world like a kilo of that white girl, she just wanna party like

[Bridge]

Go (7x)
Sipping a glass of liquor another shot than I'm past my limit, dancing with you like
Go (7x)
Off a tab she tripping I got the zans and the grass back at the pad what would you like?
Go (7x)
Tell your friends we dipping, I got the cash put hey asses in a cab, you with it right?
Go (7x)
Looking righteous, in them tights, yes I think I might just..

[Verse 3]

White Girl in a Red jeep, blonde hair in my jeans while I speed through the green lights, whoa
Coke in  her nose, while I'm poking her throat, so Sneeze magazine like
So gone I can't see right, feeling so right it can't be wrong
Getting brain to my theme song, with a thottie that I thought I'd only see in porns
Come be my Rachel Starr, be my Alexis Texas
Your leggings wrap your present, best neck to my recollection
Shaking like etch and sketches, you the best the rest were sketchy
Suck me like I'm the president, presidential rolexes and
Presidents in my wallet, all my pockets on Precious
You probably payed for them puppies, you know about pretending
This music soothing your senses. Shining hard and I'm getting it
I explode on your tits its, white all over like Christmas