Fuck y'all niggas!

Mustard on the beat, hoe

Wait a minute, ain't that me on the track?
Why you ain't call and put me on the track?
My hands on ya neck and Imma be on ya back
Why you ain't call and put the queen on the track?
Wait a minute, ain't that me on the track?
Why you ain't call and put me on the track?
Got my foot on ya neck and Imma be on ya back
Why you ain't call and put the queen on the track?

Yo, I know a bitch-ass nigga named YG
Pussy ass, soft ass, nigga done tried me
All you had to do was pick up the phone
And ask the queen did I wanna get on ya song
I woulda said "Okay" and passed you the baton
But ya had ya girl call me and that's wrong
Bitch started lyin', I had to hang up the phone
Fire your manager quick
Dial tone, bitch

Bitch, I'm the man, you the bottom, I'm the top
I'm 'bout to turn ya ass out
Bend ya ass over
Stop runnin' from me, suck this pussy like I told ya
Imma put my strap on so you can get ya rap on
I'm hittin' switches
Nip you and ya hustle
Niggas don't trust him
Janet Jack me?
Sneak past me?
Bitch, I'm the queen!
World War Khia, fire, pop it!

All my ladies pop yo pussy like this
Shake ya body, don't stop, don't miss
All you ladies pop yo pussy like this
Shake ya body, don't stop, don't miss
Just do it, do it, do it now, lick it good
Do it, do it, do it now, lick it good

All my ladies pop, shake that ass, stop
Back that ass up, money pilin' to the top
Niggas lookin' like they want it, throw some cash on it
Long-haired like a stripper, damn right ya gone tip her

Don't beat around the bush
Talk to the pussy
Tell her that ya love her and ya always thinkin' of her
Get real familiar with it, a-do it baby stick it
You just fuck them other hoes, but ya love Thug Misses
Imma pop my pussy like Orville Redenbacher
Sweet, hot, meltin' butter drippin' all over ya mouth
Royal queen of the South
Ain't another like me
Hustle bitch grind
Stop wastin' time
If it ain't about the cash, get that shit off ya mind
Pop it, get it up, make it stand up
Salute Thug Misses, when ya see me, throw it up
Imma pop my pussy, and the ladies ridin' with me, pop it!

All my ladies pop yo pussy like this
Shake ya body, don't stop, don't miss
All you ladies pop yo pussy like this
Shake ya body, don't stop, don't miss
Just do it, do it, do it now, lick it good
Do it, do it, do it now, lick it good

I would say fuck you, YG, but I already said that, so...
Thank you, YG!
You have been sentenced to licking my ass for the next 25,000 years...
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
New album, MotorMouf aka Khia Shamone, July 17th!
Ha ha ha ha ha!
The queen has spoken...
There's nothing you can give to the queen that the queen hasn't already gave to herself
Be gone... bitch!