[Intro/Chorus 2X]
Make money money -- GO SHOPPIN!
Take money money -- GO SHOPPIN!
No matter what the weather, winter spring or fall
We'll be doin it... "at the mall"

[Verse 1: Shiggy Sha]
Yo, what the deal, cousin? Gave him a pound, now we huggin'
In the mall thuggin', buggin', spent a few hundred
Shorties must be lovin', shit, jigg to my Wallow's
They watch like Movado so I floss like a model
You ain't loungin', 'til you've been countin' by the thousands
Profilin', pushin' more weight than your medallion
We be wildin', lockin blocks down just like the Island
Dough pilin', we keeps it in the family like Italians
Ballin', cop some Charles Jordan and some Icebergs
Ice, herbs, nice curves, girlfriend with the white fur
Pushed up, feel her like some shots of Tequila
Said her man's a dealer, with all these bags from Antilla
He got to be, but you hot to me — you under lock and key?
Laid it down properly, this cat at Stern's watchin me
Moved on me sloppily, prepare for the fallout
With gats to blow the wall out, clear the mall out

[Chorus 2X]
Make money money -- GO SHOPPIN!
Take money money -- GO SHOPPIN!
No matter what the weather, winter spring or fall
We'll be doin it... "at the mall"

[Verse 2: G. Dep]
Yo, don't be mad at me, I used to be
King Raggedy, fiends naggin' me — shit, I had to breathe
Gradually, rocked casually, Sha passed the leaf
Vaseline slick shit, green stick shit
Honey got some mean lipstick, my knot's this thick
And I cop the meanest shit, still rock Discus
But cops frisk us, the block whispers
Theft need to stop, how we cop
But you can Guess like them jeans you rock
But now I'm rollin' right, 'cause I had four faces
Fightin' four cases in them North Face and Dolomites
So with these here Isotoners, I'ma hold it tight
Shorty lookin' innocent there, in Benetton gear
Nuttin' innocent here, this Henderson gear
Give us a year, to really see clear, through these Cartiers
And do it party? Yeah is what I'll probably hear
Sharkskin is what I'll probably wear, designed by Pierre — trust me
And I'm lovely with it
Cop a 4.2 and get ugly with it, snuggly fitted, rugby hittin'
Fitted and my Coogi knitted, compliments on the doobie did it
Got the movie rented if your crew be with it, yo

[Chorus]
Make money money -- GO SHOPPIN!
Take money money -- GO SHOPPIN!
No matter what the weather, winter spring or fall
We'll be doin it... "at the mall"

[Verse 3: Guru]
Most times I'm casual, but easily I switch
To some fly shit, like some silk suits by Paul Smith
And purchase some kicks by Kenneth Cole
Cop a Hilfiger, or Polo goose, for when it's cold
Armani, and Gaultier specs cover my eyes
The definition of jiggy so you best to recognize
At the mall, I'm baggin' up, much more than gear
Victoria, be whisperin' mad Secrets in my ear
She wanted me to knock her in the back of Foot Locker
I chuckled as she kicked more game than soccer
Others try to copy, I see 'em when they mock me
Baseball cap bent, the fresh scent, Issey Miyake
All the way from Green Acres to the Beverly Center
Heads turn, and I'm the main concern when I enter
At Albee Square, niggas wouldn't even dare
With that fake thuggish ruggish when them Brooklyn kids be in there
Saw [?] sweet for my girl
Stylin', on the cell phone smilin', it's my world
Can't forget the Avirex, pocket for the royalty checks
My crew be showin' loyalty, plus utmost respect
Yo son, go pioneer them bimbos, while I get some Timbo's
Later on that night you'll find them nymphos
That's how it goes cause mad heads be in the mall
Let's breeze, we got a show, plus I got another phone call