[Post-Chorus: Royce Da 5’9”]
All my niggas with me cutthroat
All we do is roll around the city like we own it, we don't go to fucking clubs, though (Uh)
All we do is post up in the front when the club let out, it's like, "What up?" though (Uh)
Only nigga in my city rolling 'round in a Ferrari on you niggas, like, "What up?" though (Uh)
All my niggas cutthroat (Uh)
All my niggas cutthroat (Uh)

[Verse 1: Royce Da 5’9”]
Probably 'bout to take your bitch [?], slap a rapper, clap him, too
Show up on your block or avenue
I stay ten toes down like Freddy Flintstone, show you what that chopper yabba-dabba-do
Product of the flip phone
Never catch me out here without a bottle that's been sipped on (Uh)
I just bought a house and a whip homes
Last year around this time I was in quick loans

[Chorus: Royce Da 5’9”]
I look so good, sound so good
'Cause I just got my check
I'm about to put on my whole hood when I drop my project (Everybody getting)
Drinks on me today we eating good
'Cause I just got my check

[Post-Chorus: Royce Da 5’9”]
Then it's back to being cutthroat (Uh)
All we do is roll around the city like we own the motherfucker we don't go to clubs though (Uh)
All we do is post up in front when the club let it out it's like, "What up?" though (Uh)
Only nigga in the city riding 'round in Maseratis on you niggas it's like, "What up?" though (Uh)
All my niggas cutthroat
All my niggas cutthroat

[Verse 2: Royce Da 5’9”]
Some be drinking some prefer to light the blunts low (Aye)
Only ball game that we interested in attending is the Spike the Punch Bowl (Yeah)
I got stripes you like to punch low (Yeah)
Hip hop is the same old CB4 niggas out here going for the gusto
All you niggas on the chats straight (Yeah)
Got writer's [?]
Lyrically you my light work (Whoo)
Like the motherfucking day shift (Aye)
Check it out

[Chorus: Royce Da 5’9”]
Don't I look so good, sound so good
'Cause I just got my check (Hey)
When you see me I'll always look like I just got my check
(I'll probably need respect, though)

[Verse 3: Schoolboy Q]
I don't do walk-throughs, I'm rich
I don't buy chains, I buy cribs (Uh)
My rear been poked to pierce yours (Uh)
AR shells on airforce (Uh)
A 'Rari or Porsche they both horse (Uh)
Tripple digits on Freeway like it's the course (Uh)
Jumping out that big [?] in ball shorts (Uh)
Dripping gold like Lonzo the rook (Uh)
Just more horses to prove I'm booked (Uh)
The top-dog nigga don't woof (Uh)
4 8 8 the top whooped (Uh)
Your bitch might crash they all look (Uh)
[?] (What?)
[?] I'm still the boy (Uh)
The only gangbanger can hang with Royce
Come back to the crips I'm still the voice (Uh)
You claim you that nigga but getting moist (Uh)
.45 smacked till its empty, the 9 hoists​ (Uh)
No [?] for my mama, she hated noise

[Interlude: Cedric The Entertainer + choir]
The weather is so beautiful outside
It's gonna warm up a little bit—only on Smooth FM

[Chorus: Royce Da 5’9”]
Don't I look so good, sound so good
'Cause I just got my check (Hey!)
I'm about to put on my whole hood
When I drop my project
Drinks on me, today we eatin' good
'Cause I just got my check

[Post-Chorus]
Then it's back to being cutthroat (Uh)
All we do is roll around the city like we own the motherfucker we don't go to clubs though (Uh)
All we do is post up in front when the club [?] it's like, "What up?" though (Uh)
Only nigga in the city riding 'round in Maseratis on you niggas it's like, "What up?" though (Uh)
All my niggas cutthroat
All my niggas cutthroat
My blaze hit, "What up?" though (Uh)
Gotta thank momma for these gems
Gotta thank my father for these jewels
Not an alcoholic I refuse
I'll be fighting 'till it's the end
My son and daughter might need shoes
Skippidipy-pop-pop
The End
All the way 'till The End