[Intro]
Drugs, drugs, got them hoes again
(Coming down, coming down, coming down, coming down)

[Verse 1: ScHoolboy Q]
Coming down off a pill, see what next we on
Bad little bitch in the driver's seat
Fuck them rappers, should be bumping me
Puff on your own, shit I puff alone
Won't pass the weed, but I'll pass a bitch
Mastermind, the bitch stole my dick
Stuck me up, and didn't hit a lick
Retaliated, had to bust off quick
Uh, let me see
Here's some orange juice, you like taking E?
Hennessey, yeah, on the rocks
Take a shot and I'll take a bop
Uhh, little sarcasm
Swag O.D. got 'em all laughing
G Hippy, he gon' orgasm
Leaning out the 4, now I'm really spazzing
Backwoods, that good, high as hell
YSL, nigga, rack me out
Rack me out, I say rack me out!
Just sold it out, then stack me out
Fuck all that shit you be talking 'bout
On the come up and the world can vouch
Been around the globe, not my mommy house
(Bitch!) Pulled her panties South
And I stuck it North, yeah, I fucked, of course
Having intercourse, I can fuck for life
Guess I fucked her right, she keep talking like

[Pre-Chorus]
You nasty (You nasty) You nasty (You nasty)
You nasty (See Q, you know you nasty)

[Chorus: Ab-Soul (ScHoolboy Q)]
Bet I got some weed (Bet I got your bitch)
Bet she on her knees (Bet she swallow dick)
Bet she love my swag (Bet she leave your ass)
(Coming down, coming down, coming down, coming down)

[Verse 2: Ab-Soul]
Soulo Ho! (Soulo Ho) Soulo Ho! (Soulo Ho)
Leaning like a mothafuckin' cholo, ho
Blue chucks on, El Pollo Loc'
Black lip bastard, O.G. master
Off of E, she climax faster
Spread her legs like mayonnaise
Been had game since Sega Saturn (Soul)
I won't pass the weed but I'll pass your bitch
Would you relax a bit? I'm on Actavis
Them niggas thought I had a laxative
Now, ain't that some shit?
Hmm, ain't that some shit?
She suck dick, but she don't give me no lip
I run shit, but I don't be on no field
Bust on hoes, I don't need no clip
Now, that's gangsta, bitch
Rolling through the city with my gangsta bitch
I'm a gangsta, bitch! (HiiiPower)
We on y'all heels like anklets
Q, tell these niggas what we on
Throw a ho away, blow an O a day, carry on
She unzipped these 501 jeans
After that she told me, she told me

[Pre-Chorus]
You nasty (You nasty) You nasty (You nasty)
You nasty (See Q, you know you nasty)

[Chorus: Ab-Soul (ScHoolboy Q)]
Bet I got some weed (Bet I got your bitch)
Bet she on her knees (Bet she swallow dick)
Bet she love my swag (Bet she leave your ass)
(Coming down, coming down, coming down, coming down)

[Bridge: Ab-Soul]
Marijuana, hydro, pussy, ho, ass, titties
Marijuana, hydro, pussy, ho, ass, titties
Ass, titties, pussy, ho, ass, titties
Marijuana, hydro, pussy, ho, ass, titties

[Verse 3: ScHoolboy Q & (Ab-Soul)]
Okay! Extra pills!
Extra pills, I got extra pills!
2 for the 10, nigga, extra pills!
Give your bitch some sex appeal, uh
Hey Soul! (Extra pills)
Nigga, what you want? (Extra pills)
2 for the 10? (Extra pills)
Well fuck it then nigga give 'em extra pills!
Extra pills! Extra pills!
Fuck it then, nigga, 2 for the 10
O.D. on it, nigga! Extra pills!
I said extra pills!

[Outro: Ab-Soul]
Still got the baddest hoes, still burn the finest weed
Everywhere we go, they still know who we be
Now, take a picture, now, let me be, TDE
Got them hoes again, Q, got the weed again, Soulo
(Coming down, coming down, coming down, coming down)