[Intro]
Yeah, man, I just, I just chill, dog
I don't, don't talk much, I just, just keep it real
You know what I mean?

[Verse 1]
So I, livid and spitted and do it 'til my brain hurtin'
Runnin' over these niggas easy as closed curtains
Rap sire, too many inspire
Name another gangbang rapper that dress flyer
Sick of shit, few grand, sick as fit
Wait, bitch, let me strike a pose 'fore you take a flick
Tongue, kiss, nah, see, my dick first
Take your hip 'fore you gettin' mad and take offense
Lavish life, fuckin' on the baddest dyke
I'm a keep it real with you, girl, I ain't your average type
Too advanced when spittin' behind the mic
Eatin' beats up, fulfillin' my appetite
Pussy-nigga, yeah, I call him hermaphrodite
Fag-nigga, queer-nigga, dog, just to be precise

[Hook: ScHoolboy Q]
Top Dawg, yeah, they ride with me too
Every dollar, G.E.D. be the crew, what it do?
Niggas, 50's fuckin' with me, so you know what I'm sayin'
Figg block, gang
Yeah, what it do? Top Dawg, yeah, they ride with me too
So it's Top Dawg, gang
K. Dot, what it do? G.E.D, yeah, they fuck with me too
So it's G.D.A
Jay, what it do? Got the whole world sayin' it too
They say, "ScHoolboy Q"
What's up, y'all? What it do?

[Verse 2]
Do they really want it? I murder any opponent
Nas said I'm dead, so tracks leavin' it haunted
Curse with it, Blair Witch, might spit it
Paint a cold picture, I'm iller, my life realer
Cap-peeler, brain-spiller, ho-driller
Keep sippin', lickin' 'til I got a broke liver
Waist sicker, spit it like I got temper
You a disgrace to L.A., just sort of like the Clippers
50, Game, fo'-fif', let it bang
Whole brain, let it hang
Will I stop? Never change
Niggas is snitchin', they ain't built for the game
Hungriest rapper, continued gettin' to the fame
No sidekick, keep a steady aim
Bustin' out at niggas, steady shootin' like I'm at the range

[Hook: ScHoolboy Q]
Top Dawg, yeah, they ride with me too
Every dollar, G.E.D. be the crew, what it do?
Niggas, 50's fuckin' with me, so you know what I'm sayin'
Figg block, gang
Yeah, what it do? Top Dawg, yeah, they ride with me too
So it's Top Dawg, gang
K. Dot, what it do? G.E.D, yeah, they fuck with me too
So it's G.D.A
Jay, what it do? Got the whole world sayin' it too
They say, "ScHoolboy Q"
What's up, y'all? What it do?

[Outro: ScHoolboy Q]
So, again, said I don't really do much
Talk much
DJ Ill Will
Keep it real witcha