[Verse 1]
Back up Q back in town, I'm next up
Draked up, with ya kicks laced up
Niggas can't face us, hoes want to chase us
Cruise through the city no worries nigga I'm untouched, uncut
Top dawg money shit, stay with a money clip
USA today olympics shit the way my money flip
Double back, got a nigga trippin off a double stack
Hundred racks, spend it ain't nothing, toying my money back
Easily, I'm hot, imagine what my temper be
With out a doubt I'm cold blooded so it balance out
These niggas I'm calling out, home of these fake ass wannabe rap niggas, wanna be thug niggas
Face on it too nigga? what you a fool nigga? I'll give you the blues nigga
I carry the flu nigga, the locest G, top ranking nigga
Its GED fresh outta jail and I'm already in your OG, me nigga!

[Hook]
Niggas always talking the young clap
Well lil muthafuckas I'm bout that, bitch nigga, bitch nigga
We back a fourth with the shit, nigga
We can settle this with the fists nigga, bitch nigga, bitch nigga
I swear to god that you a bitch nigga
Kill your mans over a bitch nigga, bitch nigga
Yeah, yeah yous a bitch nigga, bitch nigga! Nigga!

[Verse 2]
See I ain’t really into that yiggity-yak talkin', my giggity-gat spoken
You laying in that coffin, doing this shit often
My nigga 50 era, I'm causing terrors to any rapper that active and claiming they factors
Bring ya to the light, while punching out your sight
Get it right, rock the microphone yeah I spit it tight
Easily, ain't no other rapper fucking with me evenly
Two advanced, gucci belt while I'm sagging my pants
Rap confession, yall hearing my progression
Seen the most money in my life in a recession
I'm that real, plus I make the music that kids feel
Hope I ain't the reason they pop steel, but anyway
You niggas get popped still, leave a nigga mouth with a chopped grill
GED nigga we that ill, I'm lyrically in it, I'm in it to win it
Money, we spend it, sins is repented
Little nigga, I’m finished, gone

[Hook]
Niggas always talking the young clap
Well lil muthafuckas I'm bout that, bitch nigga, bitch nigga
We back a fourth with the shit, nigga
We can settle this with the fists nigga, bitch nigga, bitch nigga
I swear to god that you a bitch nigga
Kill your mans over a bitch nigga, bitch nigga
Yeah you, yous a bitch, bitch nigga! Nigga!

[Verse 3]
If you're feeling real good, put your hands in the air
Hands in the air, hands in the air!
And if you feel like you a muthafuckin, motherfuckin player
Hands in the air, hands in the air!
And if you really don't, really don't, really give a care
Hands in the air, hands in the air!
If you feel what I'm saying, keep your hands in the air, hands in the air
Hands in the motherfucking air!

[Outro]
Fuck you niggas man, Chea!
Q!
Q!
T-D-E, Nigga!