[Produced by Kenny Beats]

[Intro: Ab-Soul]
(Money is the anthem)
People treat you real nice when you got fifty dollar drawers on
(Get money, fuck bitches)
I'm tryin' man
(Fuck bitches, get money, get money)

[Verse 1: Ab-Soul]
Who gettin' that dough? Who gettin' that cake?
Who gettin' that bread?
Put a ticket on your head if you can't relate
Who gettin' that fetti? Who gettin' that cheese?
You know I gotta eat, you know I gotta eat
Who gettin' that paper? Who gettin' that guap?
Who smokin' that top shelf? Who gettin' top off top?
Ain't nothing more important than the mula
Who gettin' them commas, makin' mommas do kama sutra
Best act like you know
I'm gettin' them checks, I'm spendin' them checks
THC through TSA, hope my bag don't get checked
Who gettin' them Benjamins? Spendin' them with executives
Business man, understand, I'm on fuckin' tour, you on the 10-6
I'm reelin' in, currency, won't pass the weed but I'll pass a bitch
My stock risin', you cock ridin', I'm splittin' clits with a money clip
Who gettin' that money? Real mothafuckin' money
That's all I do dawg, got cashed out
Got fucked up, then I passed out

[Hook: Mac Miller]
Woke up early, kissed this bad bitch
Rolled me up a blunt, then I took a piss
Can't remember what I did last night
I'm just tryna spend a hunnid stax everyday of my life
Money is the anthem
Black girls in the bedroom, white girls in the bathroom
Fuck what I did last night
I'm just tryna spend a hunnid stax everyday of my life

[Verse 2: Schoolboy Q]
Who gettin' that dough? Who gettin' that bread?
Get money I pledge
What you mean you broke? Bitch, open them legs
Now let a nigga beat, I think I'm gonna skeet
You know I love cheeks, you know I love cheeks
I'm high as a scraper, I'm smokin' that guap
Who leave guns on the top shelf? Who keep Glocks on Glocks?
Ain't nothing more important than the Hoover
Who hoppin' out cars?
Unloadin' that pop-pop, YAWK-YAWK, move ya!
Fig-Fig-Figueroa, gotta a .45 right here up in my coat
You can have my ho but don't hit my dope, yes
I'm burnin' up like a Parliament, I'm 216, I'm suspendin' rent
You a bad bitch, come fuck me
Yeah, you heard it right, I said fuck me
Put that on Crip, even ignorance is bliss
I love foreign tits and her clitoris
Beat the pussy down like my nemesis
Make the pussy drip like I slit her wrist, but
Who gettin' that money? Real mothafuckin' money
That's all I do dawg, got cashed out
Bought a new bitch and a new house like

[Hook: Mac Miller]
Woke up early, kissed this bad bitch
Rolled me up a blunt, then I took a piss
Can't remember what I did last night
I'm just tryna spend a hunnid stax everyday of my life
Money is the anthem
Black girls in the bedroom, white girls in the bathroom
Fuck what I did last night
I'm just tryna spend a hunnid stax everyday of my life

[Outro]
So before we go out, what's your address?

[Outro 2: Puff Daddy]
What? It ain't no more to it!
Soulo eatin' now! Tell 'em Puff said so