[Intro]
Yeah, you know it's Mr. International Q, man
ScHoolboy on front of that, yeah, Top Dawg
Uh, uh, uh-huh, uh-huh, yeah, you know I go there, man
Q, G.E.D., yo, uh, look, uh, uh, uh

[Verse 1]
Well, you know I like to drop, drop
Keep them lyrics comin' cause I'm harder than the gravel
The proper vision, steady countin', splittin' division
Uh-huh, best rapper alive out the squad, make decision
I hope you're listenin', where y'all ball? Play my position
Uh, always cookin' somethin' like I'm a kitchen
And I ain't bitchin', we just flyin' takin' trips to a land
And I think it's called France, here we go, here I am
Bonjour, well, I guess I'm on tour
Shit, I don't what to say, can I order soufflé?
Ha ha, out the next day, Paris to Tokyo like Lupe
As soon as we land, the zoo shake
Now to Hong Kong, need a cookie with a fortune
The way it's (?), I don't think they do abortions
Walkin' through the mall, every store look like it's (?)
No gang violence, no funerals or coffins and it's cool
Performin' in Germany for a school
Gangbangin' for real when niggas show me the two
Chillin' in rider, we smokin', the (?) bought it
Talkin' 'bout Afghan, I ain't fuckin' with Laden
Nigga, please, did a show in Vietnamese
Once an Australian endin' up in Belize
Everywhere else who went shit, they wouldn't accept felons
Got on a cruise, same while we all sellin'

[Hook]
Go on, yo, uh, uh, yeah, where we at?
Uh, uh, where we at?
Yeah, Q, you know, I can switch it up too, man

[Verse 2]
Now we at the dock and I'm fresh off some ass
Waitin' on the Rock who try out from gym class
Chillin' in the suite, then we write to a beat
Then we dap because the deal be hittin' the streets
Miami Beach we we headed, 305, with Trick
Then we stop at Wayne's, curly fries and chips
Back to the top of the West, yep, in the middle
State of Illinois, goin' hard like armadillo
Post up, big chillin' when I'm out in Texas
Never seen so many fresh cars drivin' reckless
Seen a little nigga rockin' Hoover on his necklace
Crips and Bloods too, ah, shit, I better exit
Up to the North, I'm chillin' out in Seattle
Yeah, man, a lot of emcees here want to battle
Damn, shit is not important, a couple hours to Portland
Now back home, I'm happy to be alone
51st block, I'm posted up where it's hot
Damn, I almost forgot about the cop
Fuck, damn, the cops done raided all of the spots
My niggas got knocked, distribute all the Glocks
Back to the crib, I'm bakin' my girls bread
Happy to be alive, gettin' it how I live
On the microphone, now you know I'm the man
Piss in a cup for my P.O. and do it again

[Outro]
Yeah, yeah, ha ha, uh, what? What? Yeah, G.E.D
Every dollar, Q, ScHoolboy in front of that
Top Dawg E-N-T, uh, uh