[Intro]
"You talk like a fucking punk, Q"
"Fuck you, man!"
"Yo, chill!"
"No, fuck chill! Check yourself, Q!
You gotta snap some collars and let them motherfuckers know you're there to take them out anytime you feel like it!
You gotta get the ground beneath your feet, partner, get the wind behind your back and go out in a blaze if you got to!
Otherwise you ain't shit! You might as well be dead your damn self!"
"You tryin' to tell me I ain't shit?"
"I ain't tryin' to tell you shit. I'll tell your mama you ain't shit"

[Verse 1]
I'm just ridin' through the city
Not really havin' no pity for these motherfuckers
Bloodsuckers with they hands reachin'
Cause my preachin' got 'em thinkin' I'm really eatin'
So to speakin', my lyrics got my breath reekin'
Yes, I your rap sire, picture God spittin' fire
All you fuckers' feel my flame, burn the Earth once again
Tired of this world of pain, put the trigger to my brain
Release me from this terror
Kill the virus that requires more desires
Fancy chains, fancy whips, different houses, different bitch
I swear to me I hate this shit
Cracker judges smokin' vics
Never leave him with a limp, kill a nigga, no attempt
Money's the root of evil when I'm the Devil
Bury yourself

[Hook]
I'm just ridin' just to get high
I swear the world got me stressed
Feelin' like [inaudible], rap shit a mess
Nigga, I'm the best
I'm just smokin' just to get by
I keep my ear to the street, nod to the beat
Head on my knees, fuck the police

[Verse 2]
Picture youself wakin' up in the mornin'
Not even yawnin' or stretchin'
Just stressin', life is depressin'
Mirror reflectin' all my ghetto tears
Shit I heard with ghetto ears
Shit I seen from ghetto peers the reason that I have no fears
Take you back when I six
That's when I learnt that life's a bitch
Momma wouldn't give me shit
Grandma used to buy me kicks
Toys and different types of fits
Around eight, my mom straight
Naggin' shit my mom hates
Grab a switch, I'm scared straight
Poppa's shit got turned to crooks
Gangbangin', 'caine slangin'
Pants saggin', blunt-wrappin'
Couple blocks, the beef crackin'
Done with this Crip rappin'
I ain't sayin' ''cuhs'' to try to bigger my buzz
You niggas follow the drug
I'm that dope

[Hook]
[Hook]
I'm just ridin' just to get high
I swear the world got me stressed
Feelin' like [inaudible], rap shit a mess
Nigga, I'm the best
I'm just smokin' just to get by
I keep my ear to the street, nod to the beat
Head on my knees, fuck the police

[Verse 3]
Now I ain't tryin' to get no sympathy
Love in my lyric discussion
You rappers' discustin', my [inaudible] on this bus
And I'm hot shit
Why I can't be hot as these other pricks?
Talkin' 'bout cars and jewels
I swear you motherfuckers' stupid
Disrespectful shit, Q, you motherfuckers wear your shit
Fuck your bitch, number one rapper is when I'm content
Hear my spit, pain and drippin' hard is what keep me fit
But I ain't workin' out, just rappin' till it's workin' out
Bars about different type of shit that I done ran about
Mazes, I done figured out, puzzles, I done pieced 'em up
Enemies, I pieced 'em out
I ain't tryin' to be for 'bout what lyrics they said
I'm killin' you rappers dead, I swear

[Hook]