[Hook: The Notorious B.I.G]

Move over Lucifer, I am more ruthless. (X6)

[Hook: Schoolboy Q]

Came to this motherfucker wit' my Glock 40
Pull up, aw shit! Q in the Audi
Swagged up shawty, tell your bitch to wipe me down (tell your bitch to wipe me down!)

[Hook X4]

[Verse 1: Schoolboy Q]

Came to this motherfucker with my Glock 40
Pull up, aw shit! Q in the Audi
Swagged up shawty, tell your bitch to wipe me down
Schoolboy, bitch, put pistols over cap and gowns
Niggas be saying they hot shit, they ain't fuckin' with me?
H three then it's power. Niggas, we are capital G
Fresh from the T to the D. Still bringing this funk to the beat
Freestyles coasting a fee, nigga, we playing for keeps
Aw. Beep. Beep. Whose got the keys to my Jeep?
My doors on might fly up out the seats
Hoodied up, wrong hood, I'm in these streets
Bad bitch, big tits, she wants my meat
Mama mia, I’m the Neo, of the year, listen here, rap peers they don’t compare
I'm swagged out, fuck a bitch till she passed out
Then I smash out, her panorama with the ass out
What your cash about? Broke nigga, no hope nigga
Buses get fat and you look thinner
This is a drive-in, you drop my shit by January
It was gone by November or December
Shit, I am a winner, yeah

[Hook x4]

[Hook: Schoolboy Q]

Came to this motherfucker with my Glock 40
Pull up, aw shit! Q in the Audi
Swagged up shawty, tell your bitch to wipe me down (tell your bitch to wipe me down!)

[Hook x4]

[Verse 2: CurT@!n$]

Man, I get head and I get head at the same damn time
From two bad bitches, I call that a peace of mind
Money all mine, Jordans on feet
Girls gone wild, bunnies on skeet
Schoolboy and Dope Boy, boy, that's some shit
S55 fly by, that's yo bitch
Ball. I thought you were some ballers, shot callers
That diamond pretty ugly, but my watch gorgeous
It's D-Flawless, can you shine that?
I'm in a whole other world, can you fly that?
My bitch will buy us ten, can you slide that?
Like Goldie Tone, Pretty Tone, can you buy that?
Nigga, 6:45, no license to drive
Only thing I ever learned in this life was survive
By any means said Malcolm
Catch a nigga slippin in and he know the outcome
Don't get caught without one
In my Balmain posture fuckin' bitches on the first night
And can't even say their whole name proper
Tell 'em niggas to get the fuck out my way
The devil's coming, get the fuck out the way
Okay, okay, kay?

[Hook X4]

[Hook: Schoolboy Q]

Came to this motherfucker with my Glock 40
Pull up, aw shit! Q in the Audi
Swagged up shawty, tell your bitch to wipe me down (tell your bitch to wipe me down!)