[Verse 1]
Ain't got no jewelry on, still I'm shining hard
Ain't got no bodyguard, walking solo through the mall
Bitches and the hoes know they see me they like, "There he go!"
They be like, "There he go! Schoolboy, there he go!"
Chiefing like a mothafuckin' Seminole
Here we go, off probation probably go to Mexico
Furthermore, can't find this in the store, this shit ain't for the low
Got my daughter swagging like her mothafuckin' daddy though
The patio, what a mothafuckin' view
Nappy chin hairs, bitch, I'm mothafuckin' Q
Uhh, mothafucka, mothafucka, yeah
Fucking is my favorite word, reason why I'm fucking her
She swallow my dick and balls, whatever occur
Purr, I love that kitty cat
Ass fat, throw it back, I can't believe you wifing that
Deepthroat, seven or eleven, she's a double gulp
My pistol drawn, her boyfriend got me paranoid
Nigga try sneaking up on me and I'm making noise
But what I failed to understand, I'm the mothafuckin' man
Ran into him, he's a fan, goddamn

[Hook]
I'm shining hard, they be like, "There he go!"
No bodyguard, they be like, "There he go!"
Up in your broad, they be like, "There he go!"
They be like, "There he go! Schoolboy, there he go!"
HiiiPower, bitch, they be like, "There he go!"
Black Hippy shit, they be like, "There he go!"
Magnificent, they be like, "There he go!"
They be like, "There he go! Schoolboy, there he go!"

[Verse 2]
Look up in the sky, it's a bird, it's a plane
No, it be this nigga here just looking at you lames
With my niggas, yo, we betting on the Laker game
Even though my niggas lost, another iTunes check done came
Garcia Vegas, yeah, that bitch be burning slow
Quip a four, now the blunts go back around like merry-go
Uh, for sure, ain't no need for niggas out here fronting doe
Metaphor, how I come up with it? I don't fucking know
Y'all acting like that TDE don't run LA
Coast ain't been this hard since Pac, Death Row and Dr. Dre
Word to Dr. Dre, Detox is like a mix away
So go ahead and let the grown-ups work and go somewhere and play
Worldwide Holocaust, cuh we murder shit
Without a gun or knife, it's just a fucking hit
Pussy drips, raining in her cervix, I'm a fucking pimp
Sagging low, crack a nigga bitch just like pistachio

[Hook]
I'm shining hard, they be like, "There he go!"
No bodyguard, they be like, "There he go!"
Up in your broad, they be like, "There he go!"
Hey be like, "There he go! Schoolboy, there he go!"
HiiiPower, bitch, they be like, "There he go!"
Black Hippy shit, they be like, "There he go!"
Magnificent, they be like, "There he go!"
They be like, "There he go! Schoolboy, there he go!"

Yeah, Q!