[Intro: Celly Cel and Tech N9ne]
Where you be
Where you be
Where you, where you, where you, where you be
Hahahaha, Yo, remix, mayne, hahahaha, Dun Deala
Tech N9ne!
Yo!

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne and (The Popper)]
Do you like big booties like Trina?
J-Lo, Beyoncé, Angela Bassett and Selena?
Do you know I be flowin like Aquafina?
Do you wish you was layin' and playin' with Tecca Ninna?
Do you wish the haters wouldn't talk tihs?
Do you walk with a yank in your pocket?
Does it cost to toss ya soft chocolate?
Do you pop stop hop off like it's frostbit?
Do you get your barbecue sandwich from Ollie's?
James, Lemonade, fades, Minute-Maid, do you say mommies?
Aha, or they some busters for sayin' that?
You smell like MC me, I can be, do you be sprayin' that?
Do you know that we some show stoppers?
Reppin' KC, Tech Ninna, and (The Popper!)
Got a question, pretty-eyed ones...
Do you ever meet them busters who be pie sprung?

[Hook: Tech N9ne and Celly Cel]
Ey, now I'm in the club with chicks
Homeboys, it's the "I Do" remix!
Flavor Flav with Tech Ninna and FT!
Do you wish the poor was wealthy?
Ey, now I'm in the club with chicks
Homeboys, it's the "I Do" remix!
Flavor Flav with Tech Ninna and FT!
Do you wish the poor was wealthy?

[Verse 2: Celly Cel]
Got big rims, or triples go back
Got a hundred dollar plug on them throwbacks
There's a dance off eat in your own world
Ninna, poppin' tip drill with your homegirls
Serve product that's weight on a scale
Do you see how many people get caught and then tell?
Got a boyfriend? That you ain't loyal to?
Do you got a couple tricks that'll score you?
Do you rob niggas? Do you pull licks?
Do you empty full clips when haters be on bullshit?
Got a ho girl, whose a new six
Girl bumpin', I ain't putting in her two cents
Got a mouthpiece, do you think your game's tight?
Do you mackerel find hoes and fuck them in the same night?
Got a friend who eyes, wanna wear your new clothes
Now she frontin' in the club like she's too cold

[Hook: Tech N9ne and Celly Cel]
Ey, now I'm in the club with chicks
Homeboys, it's the "I Do" remix!
Flavor Flav with Tech Ninna and FT!
Do you wish the poor was wealthy?
Ey, now I'm in the club with chicks
Homeboys, it's the "I Do" remix!
Flavor Flav with Tech Ninna and FT!
Do you wish the poor was wealthy?

[Verse 3: Krizz Kaliko]
Tell me what will the party do?
When the boy come through?
And he say, "I Do"
We all from round here
Lick 'em no shots, put your hands in the air
Tell me what will the party do?
When the girl come through?
And she say, "I Do"
Hands to the sky
Twist 'em back around when I say "Do I"

[Verse 4: Boy Big]
All I know is this the remix, honey
Can't be shit wit it, gotta get the money
KC, and we can't be faded
Throw your hands up if you think we can make it!

[Outro: Celly Cel]
Produced by my boy, LSD of the Beat Monstas
Cash that guy, we can do this
I Do, Remix, yeah!