Hey yo, I'm tired of runnin these streets, yo
I'm tired of hustlin
Y'all motherfuckers think this is all a game
This shit ain't easy, this is all I know
What am I supposed to do now? huh?

[Hook: repeat 2x]
Do you know where you're goin to?
Do you like the things the streets it's showin you?
Do you know, you Can't Hustle Forever?

[Verse 1: LaReece]
It was you and me against the world
We switched the game up
Hustlin forever together before we came up
It changed our paths we went our separate ways
No more ridin on them niggas for me, how I miss those days
Swore up and down you was a super thug, so it's told
But had compassion for your foes wit'cha heart of gold
While I was rappin and singing you started slangin and bangin
But with money comes greed saw your heart it was changin
Niggas out on the street, your peeps gettin covered in sheets
You relied on heat to keep you from suffering defeat
And now you're different like these savages, you're soul golfed out
I know you're hurtin everytime I see your soul smoked out
You at your crossroads, whatcho gonna do?
Where you going, boo?
Street is watchin just to take your soul from you
Who will feed your seed if you're locked down, or better yet dead?
Did you live your life to the fullest when you take your last breath?
Do you know?

[Hook: repeat 2x]

[Verse 2: Krayzie]
Come follow me into my life, my life, my life
I'm a young hustla
This is to get paid as I stay clean away from bustas
Strugglin is in my blood
Mentality thug, reality I'm fucked up
I gotta go get it my goddamn self, cause ain't nobody about to give me shit
Gotta go out and get the rent pay
So I'mma be out here on this block with these rocks and this Glock
Until I profit could you stop it?
Mama used to say "but until I see it better, it got to be this way"
And it don't look like I be going nowhere, nowhere
Looks like I'm stuck in this here ghetto
Even though I done got this dream of being famous
This is really short, and if I don't make it by the end of the year
Shit's feelin to be changin I'mma be dangerous, bangin nigga's brain
Nigga, I'mma start sharin my pain and bang
Hey, this shit we do for the dollar, dollar bill y'all
So, before I get killed y'all
I gotta make better ain't tryin hustle forever, ever

[Hook: repeat 2x]

[Verse 3: Young Dre]
God, please I know you see me livin better that this
But, truthfully it's hard for Dre to comprehend cause it's cheddar to get
If I don't hustle I can't eat
So in these streets it's you and me
Takin these fair penitentiary chances
Plus some real finances that'll catapult me and my fam to better circumstances
Rider quote "man even though I know I know how this game go"
Got the green light for cash and I can't let time pass
Gotta grabs mines reality's a mutha
Tryin to hold on to all my survivin thugs brothas
See, this life'll make you sharp and hard two clenched fists for the struggle
Ride for my thug nation that love to hustle hard
With slugs from berettas, doing dirty business
Some niggas still can't get together collecting figgas
Make it impossible to hustle forever
But life's a struggle we gonna survive until something come along better
RIDERS!

[Hook 'til fade]