[Hook]
...and I'm gonna miss everybody, and I'm gonna miss everybody, Oh (2x)
...and I'm gonna miss everybody
Tell me what you gonna do when it ain't nowhere to run
When judgement comes for you when judgement comes for you. (2x)

See you at the crossroads, so you won't be lonely. (4x)

[Verse 1: Nikki Lynette]
I wish we could all live forever
Death wouldn't be nothing but a fairy tale
Your final breath won't be taken, it stays in
Living life on earth without a heaven or a hell
I mean that in the wildest way
Simple like a statement that a child would say
Maybe thats crazy to think like a baby but being born to
Die ain't exactly sane
Pain... never says bye bye
Your loved one's gone, can't keep a dry eye
Might fade a little but the scars don't lie
Didn't even know my daddy knew how to die
I...thought that life was unfair
Cause the world kept spinning
While my daddy wasn't there
Like rain when it fades leaving fog in the air
They spirit disappears and just leaves us here
Truth hurts. Hit me like a ton of bricks
Convinced that's the reason we can't live forever
Gotta make room for the change
Winter fades away, spring comes
& it makes things better
In the stormy weather
Just know we all in that zone
So you're never alone
And when your world's cold and too heavy to hold
Just know I got a shoulder you can lean on

[Hook]
Hey...
And we pray, and we pray, and we pray, and we pray
Everyday, everyday, everyday, everyday
And we pray, and we pray, and we pray, and we pray
Still we lay. Still we lay. Still we lay. Still we lay
See you at the crossroads, so you won't be lonely. (4x)

[Verse 2: Krazyie Bone]
Everybody keep dying man, trying to stay alive
I'm trying man
Wanna get away from all the murder and the mayhem
But I'm still living so I ain't mad
But I ain't glad that we got to die
We see death as the ultimate doom and most of us assume
Heaven or hell is to follow so everyone follows the fool
See, I'm at the crossroads, the lost souls
I'mma be trying to find them in the resurrection
And when they come back and wake up from death then
They'll know it was really a blessing
Everybody resting in peace, stressing the least
Best place to be, destined to see, rest or release
Death & deceased, left in the sea...
Now follow me roll, stroll
Pour a little bit of liquor for the souls thats gone. (They gone.)
And partner, even though you gone, you still got love from Bone
Your father will live on...and on...and on...yeah
We Pray...

[Hook]
Hey...
And we pray, and we pray, and we pray, and we pray
Everyday, everyday, everyday, everyday
And we pray, and we pray, and we pray, and we pray
Still we lay. Still we lay. Still we lay. Still we lay....(repeat chorus 2x)

See you at the crossroads, so you won't be lonely. (4x)

...and I'm gonna miss everybody
And I'm gonna miss everybody
Dear Soul. (6x)

And I'm gonna miss everybody
...and I'm gonna miss everybody
And I'm gonna miss everybody, Oh (2x)