We got tha perfect combination (Mo Thug, Mo Thug)
So you betta change yo location (move out, move out)

Tombstone
Mo Thugs, be tha love, slug foe tha perfect pitch and chronic bud, it save yo strug's, of somebody suffa scripturaz, tryin to rip ya, hit ya really good, I'll split ya, ditch ya. Gotta put you in my hall of flames and damn, it's ah shame, let yo nuts hang, you can hear tha story of tha hurricane. Bone, II Tru, Hustlaz and Shiftaz

(We are tha soldiaz) Busta no need to be loved, and get tradaz, tryin to get murderis dealaz, tha trillaz, to peel ya, straight up foe tha infantry, wars begin, we done see they playin to win, but we got it all within, so roll wit tha Shifts, cuz tha thug, they creep, gon' flip it all tha reep, on tha midnight streets, where they play foe keeps, so fake soldiaz tha end

Lay hours of tha end, now brothaz are schemin tryin to break tha heart, gotta 'lleviate tha problem before it even starts, sit back relax and neva losin my composure, brotha done told ya, betta beware. Cuz this Mo Thug clique got plenty soldiaz, just open yo eyes, and realize, it's gonna be Mo Thug till I die, neva hesitate to flip, I can pin you all and in disguises. So if you wanna come test, definate action must procede, but before it goes down, I got's to alert tha rest of my family

Yall want no lovin to a sista flowin bass swish, you claim to be tha sweetest but tha style I flex is crazy. Never again, know struggles, see Mo Thug, we on tha rise, everyday I feel tha swisha as my method of tha high. No won't want foe money or a place to eat and sleep, ya see we family now, comin up wit tha gat pap, done wit tha heat, crazy friends, out ta rolls, wadn't me fathers by my lonely, before a sis was burnt, flow want Mo Thug
Open up good money

It be tha Mo, thuggish buck wit bandits, one ah me soldiaz just can't stand'em, made me how to do a 187 (187) wit ah Mac trench, or reactin like you really wanna know what's happen, down wit bucka, yall wit me strap, and dusta be duckin cuz I'm blastin, we're fast when I seen (seen) fake ass OG's (OG'S). I'm ridin me (ridin me), Mo Thug is where I be, I'm down again

So put'em up, best ah cock dem pistols, fiend to dip home, gettin shot gone, wit this next fall, with this next fall Tell me have you eva had this fellin, or ah vision, that you played a major part in ah killin. Tha man you murdered, let's say, for instance had a sickness and you didn't pull da trigger, was tha gun's hurta ease eye. Tha motive was death. You took his breath without a second guess, his chest was littered wit blood. Then prop and leased ah peanut bag along wit tha shells, from tha slugs. And when they finally find him all they got was ah snail, and tha skug. Now further endanger tha species, cuz these
Niggas they plot, they rush up on tha block, wit shots, from fully automatic weaponry. They had to be at least 2 or 3 cars deep, then all da suddenly, one came up and gave me face to face wit came in. Come around my way, you make sense feet'n ya in tha grave, underneath in tha car found

It's tha hustla wit Hustlaz poetically known as Tony Ton, wit them thugstaz and Shifters, Tru's and a playa, let it be known, that we're trues wit weapons, double are steppin, Mo Thug militant soldiaz, sucka betta feel this bass, on tha real this fate, don't lease us in this clique, now. You wanna ride and die, because there's hatred in your eyes, I'd advise, stay wise, betta pray to God, cuz these Scriptures might just rip yo mental straight apart it's from tha heart. Demons that drop our livez got plenty sides, realize, they fell off. So many wanna roll, but oh how we stroll, they neva know we're guilty, guilt, so let's make our doe, foe sho' This Mo Thug Family (this Mo Thug Family)
(repeat)
Scriptures, we keep'em all within me (we keep'em all within me)
(repeat)

Layzie (Stan Howse)
No competition. And I gotta get mine, so scream ah Mo, and let me hear ya holla, not about that might dolla, roll wit tha Bone, Mo Thugs of all her, changing remaining tha same, flamin my dank and drankin brew, thinkin bout that hangin, cleppin my back and thuggin wit trues, fools, you know we're Mo Thug Family (Mo Thug Family), I got all my thugstaz wit me (thugstaz wit me)
(repeat)

Ken Dawg (Kendon Anthony)
Hostin ah close enough foe ya, to let you know it's do or die foreva, ridin together, to tha day of tha stormy weather. Pleasure and pain, is all in this trip, all these Crips could flip, as these all Mo Thugs hits, this clique are soldiaz, and keep it real until tha end, some green in tha Hen, and we need in, right Let sista nip this in tha but you can't face wit this playa, hellin foe rhymes, sayin this Family Scriptures at last remain this stickin that punk yo bank doe. Hear green, or comin real Little C bust'em. Tru's bringin tha drama for them bustaz, neva no bluffin, no question. Gotta run my game tight, neva no weak link when a sista fall victim. Hit'em wit Cleveland original money makaz up in yo system

It's tha Mo Thug Family Scripture we singin my people and me, you betta believe tha Family's tree's much deepa then what you seein, believin, hey. Gotta give ah p'z to tha land and sellin my halo, gotta stay head strong foe my soldiaz, like I told ya (Dear Lord can you help me?) when you at peace. Neva to fiend, you'll pray foe tha peoplez when you need'em they there. Ya betta be well, mo slug's steppin, wit records we comin. Wit tha Word in da hull just teach tha people no knowin ya showin. It's Armageddon again, He comin, betta be ready boy. You betta be teachin yo people to ride up tha stairs, to pray, Souljah Boy

These soldiaz trapped in this world, don't step in our face and my bullet's pearl. Fed up wit these hataz, and breakin these othaz they fakaz and fakaz fade, them pullin a gat on Mo Thug, but it ain't no suckaz this lunatic, where's tha ground, betta get gone, on tha dark, cuz tha gat flipped and roam, and havin them demons makin me crazy, know tha guage can't be fucked wit, when I'm swangin them thangs, in front of outs and I'll bust'em in, gotta load tha clip, when I rip them, slip them slugs up out tha chamber, should'a flexed it foe me, stranger

Krayzie (Anthony Henderson)
Busta, you in danger, tell'em they in danger. Ahh, cops are quits, I take it dip flippin them, realize, what ah hit you have misted. Ah testa be down foe tha family that don't give no betta then this. Now what you gonna when tha Bone get murder man, you playin within tha game, that's why can train and prayin everyday. Family neva divided you hurtaz be fo quit tell you can buy, so help us along, we leave'em behind, I mean we tried but they could not fall in line. So this is what we done hell into they didn't this everyone, gimme tha real, makin tha mill', how do you feel, how turn me round

Flesh
Steady makin me town, like me told ya, Mo Thug soldia got ya back, get it postin, sellin crown, murdered it execution style, leavin'em roasted all tha while. I'm sippin ya hookaz so we should thinkin 'bout don't sloke and go you wonder why, niggas they hate me, die. And where my family motto sky. I get wit tha dry tech and tha Johnny deep on tha nuts hang, and you wanna finally get betta in tha heart to handle tha pression cuz my nigga shogun let test weed niggas predict. Went gone, straight Mo Thug and hook up, and they want tha St. Clair Style, how we do it always, keep foldin, flippin through tha pages ah literature scripture's weed man

Tre'
Turn we come to play, Mo Thug eternally, no unnecessary tension wit
Me. My Mo Thug Family stays beside me, behind me, leads me guides me. Ladies, are we, eternal Mo Thug