Krayzie Bone:Thug Mentality 1999

{A couple in a car with light music playing}
Man Yeah shit, so what's up now baby? {lights up}
Woman It's about that time for me to be gettin' home
Man You ain't got to be goin' home now, it's still kinda early
Woman No, I got school in the morning baby. It's time for me to be gettin' home

Man You mean to tell me that your people goin' be trippin' if you stay out a
Couple more hours
Woman You know...you know my mother
Man This' bullshit
Woman Whatever
Man Look, so what's up anyway? What do you wanna be doin' right now? What's
Happenin'?
Woman I told you, baby, I need to get home
Man Let's go get a room or somethin', chill for a couple hours. B got some
Bud-n-shit
Woman Baby, you know I don't get down like that
Man What you mean you don't get down like that? shit
Woman You know I ain't that type of lady
Man Man, we just got throu doin' all this shit, I be fuckin' with you all this
Time. This' how you gon' do me?
Woman It ain't even like that
Man What you mean it ain't been like that, bitch? You got me twisted with some
Punk muthafuckers out there
Woman Why I gotta be a bitch? Wait-a-mintue we passin'...What are you doin' we
Passin' my house, nigga
Take me home
Man Bitch I ain't takin' you home, right now. We gon' do what the fuck I wanna
Do
Woman Fuck this. Fuck this, nigga, get the fuck off me. Why don't you take me
The fuck home?
Man Bitch you better gove me the fuck I want
Woman Why don't you just take me home?
Man Shut the fuck up. Shut up. Shut up. {slaps her} Bitch {slaps}
Woman No, fuck this I ain't shuttin' up
Man Shut yo' ass up, bitch
Woman Fuck you. Fuck you, you ho-ass, nigga. Get the fuck off of me. You better
Get the fuck off of me
{clothes ripping} Somebody help me. Get the fuck off of me. {crying, scream that
Gets muffled}
-Hook (Krayzie)-
Look at you now/ Just take a look at yourself/ You don't even know where you are
Going to (to...) You're movin' too fast
(You need to slow it down) You need to get out the fast lane and pace yourself
(...get it up for the love of my dummy, dummy)