Intro
The world, the world, the world, is very different now...
-Refrain-
Everybody wants some paper (I want some) Niggas fightin' over paper (I know you
Want some)
And when you die, I can bet you (You will die) you died tryin' to get some
Paper
(I can bet you will die) Shame, shame...
Krayzie
Ain't life a fucked up game with all the green? Mighty, mighty dollar bill y'all
(bill y'all) have you
Sinnin'/ Eventually in a coffin one day/ But you can't knock the hustle; niggas
Got bills to pay
Struggle and strive/ I'm tryin' to stay alive, but in the meantime I'm a get
Mine/ Everything'll be fine
When I can eat and get high/ I mean eat when I want to/ Purchase some weed and
Have a place to
P.O.D. when I want to/ But tryin' to make the paper ain't the only worry/ I got
To keep my Glock
Cocked; niggas be plottin' on me, tryin' to hurt me/ So I stop, and nigga
"What's up? I'm in a hurry"
No time for conversations with niggas that's thinkin' to murder me/ But I pin
'em everytime(everytime)
Time after time they try, but you can be deceased/ No more, your life/ Friends
Is usually your foes
You know you're just like everybody/ I trust nobody
Cuz everybody want the paper
-Refrain-
Money, money, money...Make your, make your, cash flow...
Krayzie
A nigga be thinkin'; ain't it funny sometimes that you can be quick to do a
Crime; you come up
And get robbed and shot, but you got the same job? Tricky business/ Sometimes
You get your wig
Split/ But, shit, for the cheddar, I guess we just be willing to risk it "This
Is a stick up. Give up the
Cash, your wallet, purse" Nigga dash/ You turn around; I'm puttin a bullet up in
Your ass
Desperate-ass niggas don't play/ Me and my niggas ain't ate all day/ And you can
Go to the grave for meal plate
Niggas play dirty cuz we out here hungry/ We just want a meal on the table
And a meal in the pocket/ You die if you cannot pay for your life/ Niggas is
Frantic
And that's why (that's why, that's why, that's why...)
-Refrain-
Big hundred dollar bills, y'all...Would you kill for them hundred dollar bills
Y'all?
Would you kill? Would you kill? Would you kill for them hundred dollar bills
Y'all?
-Refrain-
Better make your cash flow (cash flow, cash flow)
Nigga better make your cash flow/ Nigga make your money, money, man
Better hustle up and make your cash flow...Fuck being poor