[Intro]
And it makes me see, every puff that I breath
Blowin herbs and leaves would ease the world
And it makes me see, every puff that I breath
Blowin herbs and leaves would ease the world
I like to get high, so high
Bud smokaz only reefer, really makes ya happy, don't it?
Bud smokaz only reefer, really makes ya happy, don't it?
Bud smokaz only reefer, really makes ya happy, don't it?
Bud smokaz only reefer, really makes ya happy, don't it?
Bud smokaz only reefer, really makes ya happy, don't it?
Bud smokaz only reefer, really makes ya happy, don't it?
Bud smokaz only reefer, really makes ya happy, don't it?
Bud smokaz only reefer, really makes ya happy, don't it?

[Verse 1]
We smokin budda
Come again we smokin budda
Me rollin with me pass the hoota to ya
Me feelin that blunt so don't let that budda fool ya
Puff on the hoota
Come again puff on this hoota
Sit back, relax and let the budda sooth ya
And when they ask who, you can tell 'em Krayzie schooled ya
Puff on the hoota, but first me gotta get with me friends
So Wish you light it up cuz I'm gonna spend all my ends
On the budda
Come and get me shunnin a blunt my friend
So, you don't wanna go half? Ok I'll put in the ends
On the budda budda
We rollin, smokin, chokin, pass it, toke it hand it back to ya
That budda

[Bridge]
So, now how high can you go? (6x)
I want to get high, high
So high, high (3x)

[Verse 2]
See me ridin round in L.A. gotta get my connections
I've been stressin on this airplane
I was just thinkin of crashin, now them sess gotta be relaxin'
Smokin, chokin, rollin, glancin, but we won't spend no money
Them sess gotta be lovely or we ain't fuckin' with y'all
Don't give me that
Man I don't want that, don't give me that want no stressin
No, we don't want that, not in Cali-for-nay-a
When I'm in L.A. I want that bomba (bomba)
Reefer really makes me happy, and it makes me see
Every puff that I breath
Blow herbs and leaves would ease that world
I done been to the other side
I've seen London and Paris niggas get fuckin bloody high
Gotta go find Mary Jane's world-wide
So why, is it such a crime?
Hey, everybody should be gettin high
So, Mr. weed man
You know we lookin for the trees with no seedsly (Yeah, yeah)
We got the cheesy
We need to know if you can show me the nigga with the weedy
But can he, can he, can he?