(Hey...) Tryin' to get away (I'm zonin' zonin' zonin') Tryin' to get away, get away
Tryin' to get away, take a break, take a break
I need some time so I can level my head (I'm zonin' zonin' zonin') Give me some time so I can level my head (I'm zonin' zonin' zonin')
Give me a break; I need to release some stress, this tention got me trippin'
I'm livin' a life that's makin' me sin every day
Nigga don't know which way is out
Could somebody please let me know? I try to climb the ladder, by the time I reach the top I fall back down, so now I'm smokin' weed, now I'm sippin' Hennessy mixed with Gin and sinnin' indeed
And I been actin' crazy lately outta control
Intoxicated, faded, blazin' up the 'droll
My thoughts be so pessimistic stress, I ain't been able to shake it, then it's evil, my own people been hatin'
Waitin' for a nigga to fall, so they ain't really my friends (Uh uh) Them niggas who said they was down from the start ain't even last to the end
Took niggas up outta the ghetto, they never did give us the love back
They ask how come a nigga don't come back? Man, f*ck that shit
I went broke for niggas that didn't give a f*ck about me or my time, so I gotta get away (And live my life, life, life) and clear my mind, clear my mind...
I need some time so I can level my head (I'm zonin' zonin' zonin') Give me some time so I can level my head (I'm zonin' zonin' zonin')
Man, look nigga I'm about ready to flip
I'm sick of these record company niggas f*ckin' around with the chips
They must not think we sick enough, took off and we spit 'em off the rip
And when I get free, believe I'm signin' no more (I'm signin' no more) I ain't ya' bitch
Now your pimps got to find a new ho
And I'm takin' my dollars, pop collars "Don't follow" I holler
Aim to be paid, that's the reason I got in the game
Goddamnit, if I only knew back then what I do now ooh ooh ooh
We would'a been fithly rich, but naw
We had to go through them hard times to really see, aw, the struggles meant to be
And now, I see the game just ain't what it used to be, niggas ain't how they used to be, music ain't what it used to be
Nope, so I'm finna get my money this time around
I'm finna pimp this round with style till I get rich real quick and I'm out
Bitch, and "Pow! Pow! Pow! " If you wanna go down like that, you got it
I would advise you not to f*ck with me boy
'cause I'm off balance (Balance)
I need some time so I can level my head (I'm zonin' zonin' zonin') Give me some time so I can level my head (I'm zonin' zonin' zonin')
I gotta be high... just to make it though the day, through the day... a nigga stay high... I clog my mind... in the weed smoke, chokin' hopin' I can get away
Hope it ain't too late so I try to hold on, I try to hold on (And just zone, zone) And maybe poor me a cup of Everclear (Just zone, zone) And roll up a blunt and be in Heaven here (Just zone, zone) Or stare out the window off the indo and... (Just zone, zone) Or hop in the Benzo and let the wind blow and (Just zone, zone) Leave a nigga 'lone, ya'll can leave me alone (Just zone, zone) Leave a nigga 'lone, let me 'lone (Just zone, zone) Leave a nigga 'lone, ya'll can leave me alone (Just zone, zone) Let me zone, yeah
I need some time so I can level my head (I'm zonin' zonin' zonin') Give me some time so I can level my head (I'm zonin' zonin' zonin')