[Intro: Tenn Buick & (Ca$his)]

Uh...it's Tenn Buick
Cashis (Yeah)
Shady
If it's trouble that you're brewin, that's my cuppa tea

[Verse 1: Tenn Buick]

Yeah we out here makin' noise, but they try to mute us
Yeah the cream’ll make a loyal nigga turn to Brutus
Say I toned it down, but it’s only rumors
'Cause I make the ladies scream like I'm fuckin' Billy Loomis
Swear to God, y'all be on some shit again
Way you focus on me, y'all be on some Ritalin
Rippin' rappers up and makin' blood spill again
Yeah I'm breakin' bad, on my fuckin' Vince Gilligan
See, I be poppin' tags while they poppin' molly
Any nigga wanna fuck with Tenn, just think again that shit is folly
If you don't believe it, be the judge and try me
But just call a nigga Chuckie, yo my best friend is a Tommy
That’s a violin from Chi-town, I get violent, get live now
Street sweep when I ride round, got a box of lead weigh nine pounds
And the mag in the colt got nine rounds, so I could get it poppin'
If the devil wear Prada then I need to do some shopping

[Hook: Tenn Buick]

Got one in the chamber when the mag’s done
I don’t know a nigga that could fuck with me
On the last set I always run the rack son
If it’s trouble that you're brewin', that’s my cuppa tea

[Bridge: Tenn Buick]

That's my cuppa tea nigga, that's my cuppa tea
Better bring a whole squad if you come for me
We could do this all day if it’s up to me
So if it’s trouble that you’re brewin', that's my cuppa tea
'Bout to bring these MCs pain and sufferin'
You was talkin' hard at first now you stutterin'
Why you talkin' rough nigga? Who you tougher than?
Your clip ain't even loaded up, your shit is still bufferin'

[Verse 2: Ca$his]

Bunch of bitch niggas, see a bunch of bitch niggas
Hollow tip nigga, bitch eat a clip nigga
Suck a dick nigga, I just fucked your bitch nigga
I'm the shit nigga, yeah I'm really rich nigga
Don't like it nigga, you can come fight me hoe
A real nigga, I be squaddin' like a Titan hoe
A pussy nigga tried to run into my '64
Them 7-4's stomped that nigga out at the door
That real shit, pussy nigga I be killin' niggas
Makin' money, never squealin', rollin' with them dealer niggas
For real a nigga, iller nigga out the set
What other nigga out in motherfuckin' Cali blessed nigga?
Throwin' up the hood, bangin' on them busters
Lookin' at your bitch, nigga I'mma fuck her
Never been a buster nigga, I'm a rider
Pussy niggas talkin' shit, my niggas open fire

[Hook]

[Bridge: Tenn Buick]

'Bout to bring these MCs pain and sufferin'
You was talkin' hard at first now you stutterin'
Why you talkin' rough nigga? Who you tougher than?
Your clip ain't even loaded up, your shit is still bufferin'

[Verse 3: Tenn Buick]

Best believe I'm goin' in I bought a suit for this
I disturb the fuckin' peace, my rhymes are ludicrous
I throw up my middle finger, tell 'em shoot at this
I could give a fuck how many times these niggas shoot and miss
Dodgin' bullets Keanu Reeves, talk too hard and your man gon' grieve
Got a couple blades hidden up my sleeve, and I bring 'em outta hidin' if your boy get peeved
Y'all wanna pop the thangs? Wanna walk the walk? Wanna talk the slang?
Wanna act a fool? Wanna walk with gangs? Wanna pack the heat? Wanna make 'em bang?
Wanna be a fuckin' made man, I tell you I'mma see ya
Then come back and fill you full of lead like Lucky did to Masseria
Uh, passersby turn a blind eye
Drive-bys under night skies, poppin' wiseguys
It’s the new era, headin' up the vanguard
Got a new chain, charged it to your black card
Got a new whip, parked it in your back yard
Tell your man to stand guard, I came to leave a man scarred

[Outro: Tenn Buick]

Uh...that's my cuppa tea nigga