[Intro]

[Verse 1: Kiddabrah]

Straight out the fucking dungeons of rap
Where young niggas don't give a crap. Hehe
I'm start this shit man, look

Uh, someone of y'all know us as the niggas with the sick flow
Taking over Frisco, well, if you didn't know
This is SHAMROC
Yeah I know this shit go hard, stay tuned cause were only on the intro
See, I got them waiting for the big sho
Bitches on they tip toes just to see the kid blow
Cause I tower over these niggas like I'm 10'4"
Confused cause I'm going hard like it's simple
We do it big! Blowing past the margins
Shamroc moving and we got these niggas "Marching", you walking
While we're in the front like a chauffeur
Driving these niggas insane and never pulling over
To all the hating niggas: Please don't waste your time
Trying to get up on my level, you'll never be great as I, nigga!
I hustle hard, I swer every day I grind
Basically I'm in the fucking Shamroc State Of Mind

[Saint]

Uh, "Saint" by the way

Black nigga with all dreads: T$
Kiddabrah: slightly yellow nigga making jokes funny
And Me: Young Saint with the rapper eating tummy
Fresh to death, got the swag of a mummy
We just some, leprechauns stepping on giants
Shamroc causing riots
If ain't wearing green, then you probably on my diet
These niggas taste good, you should probably try it
Oh shit! Outstanding. Fuck a seat!
The world on platter, know you stuck between my teeth
I must be sick because I'm foolin on this "Illmatic" beat
I'm the shit. I got a Illmatic reek
And if you looking for me, you can catch me with my pants sagging
So you can get used to looking at my ass. I ain't braggin
I'm be at the top, you going be staring at my ass. I ain't fagging
You feel me? I ain't' bragging
Just letting out these dreams, headed to the green and I got that cream!
It's just problems and dreams Agh!

[Hook]
Shamroc State of Mind! (4x)

[T$]

I'm a give it like they never had it
Hopped on a classic, and made another classic
Now we got you hooked on the intro
Thought we would stop, you received bad info
Fire, like brimstone. Hard flow, like Flintstones. Never tire, like Bridgestone
Be gone. HA. I have been gone
That means I'm not the same as y'all lames
Dragon breath guaranteed raw flame
That means I do me, and you do you
I do me again and your girl does me too
Once seen being fly like cuckoo
And over bull I never trip like loose shoes
Known to be in control: Voodoo
And I hope one day this gets sales
The other day I just went to get some mail
Got a card from y'all saying to my flows: Get Well
Ha. [Pause]
That's when you know it's sick
It's A Sham. Notice it
T$. Saint. Kiddabrah. Hocus Pocus Shit
Shamroc nigga. I know it's sick
Coldest shit. Hard flow, boulder shit

And this is just the intro! Oh my god!

[Hook]