Dancin

[Intro]
I been everywhere where you know me From
Heard your new track and I thought it was Dumb
Keep Your Jewelry on I don't need to Stunt
Never rolling Swishas never Rolling Blunts

[Verse 1]
I'm about to kill this Beat I'm about to Go Ham
Dunking on these haters just like Michael off of Space Jam
Looked you up on Soundcloud you ain't got No Fans
Need to leave your concert your whole entire Show Whack
Got no time to Play
I be Ballin Everyday
I'm the best that's in the Game
Steph Curry With The Aim
I be dodging all the Fakes
Underrated It's a Shame
All the stuff I Overcame
I have made it threw the Pain
Always making music I'm never ever Resting
Why you rap so good? ask a Better Question
Rapping just a Hobby this ain't me Profession
But I'm on another level I have reached Perfection
Flowing from Maryland all the way to Calli
Always show my face while you  hiding in a Alley
Worth more than a Thousand I'm worth a Million
Worth more than a Billion I'm worth A Trillion
I am not your average everyday Civilian
You can't stop me I am to Resilient
Rocking T Shirts while you rock Designer Clothes
Stay away from Cameras I don't need to be Exposed

[Hook]
This song is full of heat it is Hot Ain't It
You don't like my music please top Hatin
You talk behind my back you can stop Fakin
Ima blow up I'm about to Make It
Dancin Dancin Everybody Dancin! (4x)

[Verse 2]
When I rap I spit the Truth
Spit raw when I'm in the Booth
Raps is back and I'm the Proof
Dropping fire like breaking News
Never hanging with Losers  I be hanging with Winnas
I'ma kill this beat, Then I'll eat it for Dinner
Never Rockin a Chain Never, taking A Break
Ain't worried about the Paper, Throw a deuce to a Hater
Walk up in the park I see everybody Dancing
Beat is so tight I got everybody Chanting
I just need the notepad and I'ma do the Magic
Not signing to a major I don't care how big The Cash Is
I don't need no Loui I don't need Versace
I don't need the tattoos all up on my Body
Thinking of my own style all you do is Copy
I be rapping like a OG you can call me Bobby

[Hook]

[Outro]
Bmore Everybody Dancin!
DC Everybody Dancin!
NY Everybody Dancin!
LA Everybody Dancin!
Chi Town Everybody Dancin!
Miami Everybody Dancin!
Orlando Everybody Dancin!
ATL Everybody Dancin!