[Intro]
Made it to '98. '97 was stressful. Haters, so stressful. Bitch haters. All kinds of haters. Green haters, purple haters. It's gon' be alright though

[Verse 1]
See it all now
Full clocked and switched
Niggas got change cause niggas got grip
All through the nights by myself as I flip
With a glass of Zip, trying to figure if
What the fuck now
Niggas low down
Niggas hate me cause I got doe now
Wonder who I'm smashing other words, who I fuck
What the nigga ride, is that his truck?
Nah it ain't mine, in fact it's a rental
They cutting the roof out my 5, I get it back in mid December
Now they all waiting to kill me like Satan
They hating, they don't feel me
Don't even really
Wanna see me prosper, the Lord knows my gospel
That's why I [?] 'em all, it makes me [?]
Niggas need to grow, let niggas blow up
Gon' with that hold up shit, niggas slow up
When you don't even know me
Fuck it, you can blow me
Sending out your evil ass forces Wan Kenobi's
All through the fire I felt the flame
Lord knows it's been a strain but the same
I'm still a man

[Hook]
After the pain, after the rain, still a man
After the pain, after the rain, still in the game

[Verse 2]
My grand mama laced me, my grand mama raised me
In the middle of the rain, to a man from a baby
It was all gravy
Coming up when I was young when everything was shady
You shine like the sun
And none could compare
God blessed me with your prayers
Take a long look at life and it ain't fair
When everybody else wasn't there you were there for me
When everybody didn't care you took care of me
How can I pay you back for all the love that you gave?
How can I take the pain and the sickness away?
Get on my knees and pray
The council don't play, where there's a will there's a way
I'm with ya till the grave
All day, you stay on my mind in the midst of the grind
It make me wanna cry sometimes but I
Keep the faith and don't worry 'bout a thang
Cause after all the pain and the rain, I'm still a man

[Hook] {x4}

[Verse 3]
Girl you know I loved ya, there's nothing I wouldn't do
If they took yo life then they take mine too
We made love through the nights when it was hard to get through
You believed I was right when I hardly knew
What the hell was going on
Damn your love was strong
Didn't need no heat to sleep, you kept me warm
You was down like po', my wife [?]
You'll give me yo' doe, while you go broke
I kept you stressed, kept you breathless plus
I'm full of shit and I'm selfish, I can't help this
I set the bridge on fire and I watched it burn
Through the smoke and the ash my ass still didn't learn
Unconcerned like what?
Bitch I gives a fuck
Treated love like a ho, had the game twisted up
I guess the thin line was about to break
Cause I love with the bitterness, betrayal and hate
Rachael Scott forgive me for the pain that I caused
Touch your heart and let her know that I didn't mean it all
But I was young, didn't know
Tried to grow to be a man
Alda say you with somebody else baby, I'm still your man

[Hook]