(feat. Good Charlotte)

I've been workin' been workin' been workin ' been workin' been workin' my
Whole life long, that's why I'm ready to sing it, and sang it, I'm doin, I'm
Doin it in these songs, I'm workin

Listen, now can you picture a boy with dreams bigger?
Seen it made it from wishin' I came from section 8 livin they livings
Cooking dope up in kitchens, always I had a mission the kids in this
Music business, listen this how I did this let's get it, They don't know
What I'm doin I get it I'm movin been workin' my whole life long (I'm
Workin). And when I get it, I'm goin, I keep It, I move it, I write it in all
These songs, (I'm just workin). I'm gon be remembered why, (why) cause
Hustle mode is my life. Haters can't stop my shine, I was destined to
Write these lines (yea). From crimes to spittin' rhymes, neva a 9 to 5. I'm
A dreamer with so much drive, to chances I could've died

[Together:]
And the truth is, I've been struggling my whole life. Do you
Wanna know the truth is? I've been hustling over time. Will they ever
Know the truth is? See I told you this is my rhyme! They don't wanna know the truth is
(Yung- Drizzle) the truth is, I'm workin
I've been workin, been workin, been workin, been workin, been workin my
Whole life long tthat's why I'm ready to sing it, and sang it, I'm doin, I'm
Doin it in these songs. (I'm workin). See this is my only mission, so now
When they ever mention, they braggin' tell'em I did it (The Truth) came
From nothing my spirit, struggled to make a living, troubled my heart is
Fearless in my term of endearment it's fearless right when you hear it
They don't get it (naaw) when you've got it (nope) when you know it (yea)
They can't stop it (one hundred) cause when you goin(yes) you finally get
It(yes) they gonna hate it but they neva gon forget it
My story is never ending, forgive me for all my sinning like back in the
Beginning, when me and Datho was banging, can't tell me my saga's
Finished, I'm doin it for my,.. my ryder's no longer with us, rest in peace
Now watch me get it

[Together:]
And the truth is, I've been struggling my whole life. Do you
Wanna know the truth is? I've been hustling over time. Will they ever
Know the truth is? Joe I told you this is our time. They don't wanna kno
The truth is, (Yung-Drizzle) the truth is, I'm Workin
I've been workin' been workin' been workin ' been workin' been workin' my
Whole life long, that's why I'm ready to sing it, and sang it, I'm doin, I'm
Doin it in these songs, I'm workin. (I'm Workin)