[Intro] [announcer talking]:
We're back at center court here at Reebok invitational brought to you by Jay-Z's S. Dot Carter tennis shoe set

[Announcer #2]:
That's right John. I hear they're available June 18th

[Announcer #1]:
It's a great match. (Out!) Just barely out. Things seem to be heating up on the court

[Jay-Z]
Young. Turn the music up, turn the lights down, I'm in my zone

[Verse One]:
Product of determination
One who made it through like the sperm who made him
I represent strength like the black mom who didn't terminate him
But in turn gave him her all
Now discussing barbershop back rooms
Online chat rooms and on the bathroom on the wall
Recall
I came from the bottom but the talent God gave him got him by
Y'all can hate him but that only made him stronger than
[?] Hov end his sentence
Know you wanna roll when the Rolls comes 20 inches nigga
Standard I speak Spanish to these hoes and they know
Dame peso, my peso is large than The Lakers' Payroll
But I'm the proud new owner of the Nets, no diploma
No regrets don't even talk about no Ruckers motherfuckers
I am set like a tennis match
See where your interest at
Y'all don't get the big picture yet, nigga get
Go get yourself a flat screen, not only on the rap scene
Last seen on ESPN rapping
Boy Hov got a hell of a pen
He don't put it to paper he just write in the wind
I know you hate him now you wasn't likin' him then
His paper gettin' long like IBM
Ey bien
It's all good, I see them
Tryin' to make a little fame off the name again
Advantage Carter
Young fuck try to catch up
You know the score nigga, half a Billi, love
Haha

[Scratches]:
S Dot talkin' off, come walk with me
If not, sit back and watch me do me
Just side line ballers
I thought I told ya
It's the undisputed champ-ion
Lookin' at them S. Dots it's about that time
The number one sellers since they first designed

[Interlude] [Announcer talking]:
Man, if things keep going like this...tennis will never be the same after June 18th!

[Verse Two]:
I'm ready
Lookin' at them S. Dots it's about that time
To do Michael Jordan numbers, the sneaker game is mine
I didn't make 'em for the ball court I made 'em to shine
So you can score big when you courtin' a dime
When niggas see me, shit they see the grind
You gotta be blind, you only see the shine
I dropped them S. Dots and in record time
The number one seller since they first design
50/50 you know how I handle mine
A nickle for you, give me my dime
Tell Paul Fireman, I got 'em on fire man
He ain't been this hot since A.I. was signed
Now a nigga talkin' to Kenyon Martin
Shawn Marion, shit I might be startin'
S Dot NBA niggas
Went from being in VA to signing NBA niggas
I hurdled every hurdle
Every nigga that was out of a nigga's reach with my figure of speech
Open the door, with my niggas with me
Open it more for niggas I don't know