[Intro]
Man, i rap so much
I started to record over
Because i got so much raps ain't no record can hold it
And that's so true about Too Short
Bitch must've told me, she said "Too Short, i love you"
Ain't that a bitch? she said "I love you"
You know what i said?
I couldn't even start rapping. i said:

[Verse 1]
Bitch, who are you?
You said you love me, but is that true?
You asked me could you by my lady
You wanted so much to have my babies
So what, bitch? i bust your cherry?
Hell fucking no, i don't wanna get married
'Cause can't no bitch hound me
Talking some shit about a family
I'm a player, and she's my whore
I'm Sir Too Short and i'm a [?]
The last thing i need is a wife
Imma keep that title for my whole life
But if i would, what'd happen to be
Too Short, baby, what would you see
If i had a son, say i had a son
He'd be rocking cocaine by age one
It's true, homeboy, it's not a cap
I'mma tell this shit on the Short Side rap
'Bout the ladies, the women, the girls and freaks
I got a rap for them, so listen to me
I've been trying to say this all through my rhymes
I'm gonna say that shit just one more time:
Niggas ain't fucking, we're getting rich
But that don't mean you can't suck dick
Too Short ain't shit i made up
But you sucked my dick and you never got fucked
You say i'm not the real McCoy
But you sucked my dick and my homeboy's
You're a pro at sucking head
You licked my balls where it feels best
You sucked my dick better than right
And that right there is Short Side
The pimp tip, could never quit
I heard a freak say: "that's the shit
He took the cake,  fucked a break
Too Short, baby sure ain't fake"
That's right, young freak, i'm your commander
When it comes to Short
'Cause a nigga ain't lame, step back bitch
Unless you're trying to make me rich
You told your friends i wanted you
You dumb sprung freak, that's just not true
You came to me and you had to ask
Am i Too Short who sings the rap?
When i replied: "yes i am"
We were walking down the street, holding hands
Then Too Short spit a [?]
And the next thing you know, we was all [?]
Someone had to ask my why do i call this rap "Short Side"
Why, 'cause someone said to me "Too Short, side on that freak"
If you drop the "Too", what's the tip?

[Outro]
Short Side, Short side, you freaky bitch (echoes)