[Too $hort]
Why..
Why..

I'm a junkie, looking through my book
I can't be cured, I know I'm hooked
I gotta get out the house, I'm so hard
Chasing that cat all over the yard
But why, do I chase the cat?
Been at it so long since way back
Why would I want to be a player for life?
Spitting this game every day and night
I'm talking, body language, facial expressions
Fuck a flight attendant on a layover session
She's serving my dick
Falling in love, but she ain't my bitch
Why do I need to be in between her
Since the first time I seen her?
Hit it from behind, now she want to be mine
I'm all up in her feline

[Hook: Dolla Will]
Why must I, chase the cat?
She got ghetto ways, plus she pays, give me my money
Why must I, chase the cat?
You see ain't nothing changed, but the game, pimping ain't easy

[Dolla Will]
Uh, being settled down, just ain't for me
Hold hands, walking down the aisle, about to get married
I thought that once, will never think it again
'Cause I'm a player in the game and I'm playing to win
There's too many fine hoes to be stuck with one
Too many wet pussies just to be fucking one, shit
It's like a disease, like JT in "Five Heartbeats"
It's impossible for me to be with one freak
You can't live with them, you can't live without them
I never would trust a bitch and I don't doubt them
Cause I'm a dog that love to chase the cat
If you a fine bitch, I might put my face in that
If you do me first, then I'll do you
And the game jumps off when the bitch is through
Hoes nowadays be as bad as us
They love to suck, fuck and bust fat ass nuts

[Hook]

[Too $hort]
Ever since I was a youngster, new to the game
I was going to the mall, "Baby what's your name
And your number?" - I never been under
Always been a outright player no wonder
I been through so many hoes in the last 20 years
Bitch getting fucked, bring her ass up in here
I keep two or three hoes on deck
Too $hort baby don't take no shit
I'm a pussy junkie, and bitches always want me
But my first love is money
And I'll forever be faithful to her
I won't give her to a bitch just to do her
And play with her kitty
Got some nigga's name tattooed on her titty
I see a cat and jump the fence
My name is $hort Dog and I'm a pimp, bitch

[Hook: Dolla Will]
Why must I, chase the cat?
Cause you know.. she's a ho..
Why must I, chase the cat?
Whaddya know.. she gives me dough..
Why must I, chase the cat?
She got ghetto ways, plus she pays, give me my money