INTRO
(Bitch!)
Bitches keep comin up $hort
Fuckin with Too $hort, Too $hort
(Bitch!)
Too $hort, Too $hort
REPEAT

Now fuck around and get a five finger hand plant
Straight across your face
To make sure all you bitches understand it
That I'm a pimp-mack-player-ass nigga
Not a gentleman
Ain't gonna be no sucker-ass swindlin
I know ya starving bitch what you gone eat?
Just because I picked you up I guess you waitin on me
It ain't goin be that, you shoulda ate or brought'cha ass a plate
Cos on this date we just fuckin till it's late
I ain't Romeo, Prince Charming or a knight in shining armour
I'm only out to fuck a bitch, fuck tryin to charm her
I treat a fine ass bitch like dirt
No money in her purse, a fuck is all it's worth
Lookin hella good in the club like a ho
Bitch, you need to go find a nigga to buy some mo' drinks
At the bar, fill you up with Long Islands
While I be all in your face tryin to fuck smilin
Cos Short Dawg'll never cater to you hoes
And if you ain't fuckin I say "Later" to you hoes
So if you bitches gotta plot
You better get gonna get shot fuckin with Short Dawg

Bitches keep comin up $hort
Fuckin with Too $hort, Too $hort
(Bitch!)
REPEAT

Bitches be like rabbits wantin' diamonds and carats
See my car, see my house, and they think I'ma share it
I ain't never been a mark bitch, you too bossy
Wanna drive my car closed-up, that's when you lost me
I tell a bitch real quick, I ain't no Tootsie Roll
All you good fo' is some head and some pussy, ho!
And if the pussy and the head tight, we fuckin' twice
Cos Short Dawg ain't nuttin nice
Bitch jumped in the car, asks me where we goin?
I'm Shorty the Pimp bitch, you goin hoin'
Fucked in the car with my pants and my jacket on
Raised up out the pussy, now I'm in the traffic
Now pussy still wet, got my dick in her hand
Lickin all around it, rollin through the flat lands
Stickin' to my script, never pussy-whipped
Seein' niggas with them bitches I done tossed and pimped
I use to break hoes for Scrilla when I was down now
I'm makin bank rolls for real-a and rockin town bitches
Livin large for a night, turn back into pumpkins
When I'm through fuckin', bitches leavin' with nothin'

Bitches keep comin up $hort
Fuckin with Too $hort, Too $hort
(Bitch!)
Too-Too $hort, Too $hort(Hoes can't fuck with me)
(Bitch!)Too $hort
Now break it down to the beat one time!
Ol' School. Tell ya lil' somethin about Shorty

I'm the East Oakland player, lovers are mooshy
I fuck a different ho a day and leave rubbers in pussy
Bitches keep lookin for some Too $hort nut
Squeezin on a rubber tryin ta pull it off and make it bust
Bitch might lose her mind if I raw-dick her
Get pregnant, move her in and make Ma and Pa richer
No more player, no Shorty the Pimp
I get paid, give her the check and get forty percent
All the homies talkin bad, head down, walkin sad
Got the broad livin with me, baby sayin "Dad!"
Sex played out and ol'Shorty's bored, getting fat!
Then my bitch turn into a rat
I could try to mack again but the bitches won't want me
'Cause I'm all washed up, broke, fat and funky
Short Dawg is through, people call me Todd Shaw
All the rappers who was fake on the mic, got raw
Ugly hoes playin hard-to-get, sold all my cars
Now I ride the bus and shit
I had a '94 Lexus, Rolexes
I sold it all, now I can't afford breakfast
I lost everything I worked to be
Never thought I'd be a trick, payin hoes to serve me
Shit! Snap back came out of my dream
Shit can really happen if you know what I mean?
But fuck a wife biatch, stay away
Don't wanna own a pussy, keep the babies on lay-away
Bitch thought I raw dicked, said it was mine
She didn't know I fucked her with a dildo the whole time
Star-struck bitch seein dollar signs, she think the wad is fine
Playin games so I taught her mine
Tryin to play a player, got caught in a trap
Learnt a lesson from the game that I taught in my rap

Bitches keep comin up $hort
Fuckin with Too $hort, Too $hort
(Bitch!)
REPEAT