[Verse 1: Too $hort]
A lot of people try to be what they can't be
And when you be like that you just can't see
What life is all about
Put a roof on your head, put some food on your mouth
'Cause in the long [?] you got nothin' to prove
Life to me is like funkin' a groove
You gotta get right in where you belong
Find the right mix, and write a song
And don't try to stand all out
Frontin' on them young girls, runnin' yo mouth
You gotta; get yo money on all the time
Althought you put two 11's on bust them rhymes
You gotta hustle, to get every dime you can
'Cause it's hard on a black man
Now how many punks try to come to the hood
Hang around and try to get in good
How many unemployed bitshots do you know?
How many pimps ain't got no hoes?
You said "Baby must be rich", 'cause she looked it
When outside she was ridin' in a bucket
With two kids in the welfare check
Fat bank, roll the food stank, you know what's next
Let's have sex, I rather do it by myself
[?]

[Verse 2: Father Dom]
And I just squeeze up
Grab the microphone, another freeze up
In case you didn't know, we got skeezas
Ready to just please us, oh Jesus
(You know they need us)
With the dib-dib-dab man, pimpin' is a hobby
Got a boat float of girls downstairs
And a lobby and you can't be actin' sobby, we ain't havin' that
So pour some Gin over ice, she's feelin' nice so we doin' that
I'm steppin' over to a smooth lead
The way I'm kickin' this game, my nickname should be Bruce Lee
I'm in [?], sayin' what she wanna hear
My breath's fully loaded with chronic and beer
But oh wait, I really should redeeme myself
But see, I'm stuck on [?] like a [?]
See, um, I got the cash but the money ain't nothin'
See, I gets respects from the rhymes I be bustin'
And if you got a question we can settle it like [?]
But if not, my homies goin' in this penaltin'
And pullin' out a big fat cannon
And if you wanna run, [?] tripped to [?]
So act like you know when we flow
All we really wanna know is can you get in where you fit in?
And I pretendin'
So all you fakestas jams for you
So $hort Dogg and my end: (you know it do)

[Verse 2: Too $hort]
Get in where you fit in, fool
You was a mark up at the high school
Now you're hardcore like CB4
Biting, what you wanna be me for?
It's your life, you wish it was a Too $hort rap
But you gots no game, and your bass ain't fat
You need to quit, rapping just ain't your place
So back on the grind and don't catch no case
You just silly, that's what you always be
Like them young female that try to get with me
I run all up in it but this ain't no race
I (censored) right in her face
You probably wine her and dine her
And get jealous when you can't find her
You're nothing but a mark
I bet you get your ass kicked hanging at the park, punk!
You better watch your back
Before you get jacked by a gangsta with a gat
Cause Life is Too $hort, I'm In the House like that
Shorty the Pimp, was Born to Mack
And I don't stop rapping, one thing I never do
Is stop making this funky-ass beats to ride to
And other rap crews can see
Dangerous Crew got the funky beats
So when I see ya, and act like I don't know ya
I'm like Missouri, cause I can show ya
Why is my beat so funky it stanks?
Pee Wee, Shorty B, and Ant Banks
You outta pocket trying to hang with my crew
You might of just learned, but it ain't that new
What happened to your funk, did you lose it?
Or did you get ganked by Dangerous Music?
We stole all your money, and all your songs
Did you like a tramp and then sent you back home
One punk came and went
Had to fire, yo, but I'm still a pimp
(MC) Lawrence (The fake gangsta)
Would've never came up without the Bad-Ass Banksta (you little punk)
Now he's gonna play on out ('Cause he's a mark)
Had to put his fat foot in his mouth (You fat trick)
Quick to say "I'm sorry" when you're funny
Y'all can have him, cause Dangerous don't want him
Can tell a lie almost every other minute
I'm like Bennett, I ain't in it
Go on with your reject rap attack
You'll get more from a prize in a Cracker Jack
And since Banks said he can't have no more funk (Hell naw)
Get in where you fit in, punk

[Outro: Too $hort and (Ant Banks)]
Ah, no, did I get him, did I get him?
Wait! (Yeah you got him) It's the end??
(Yeah, it's cool right there)
It don't end right there, it didn't use to end right there