“Yeah, we hella disrespectful”

[Chorus: Lil Yase]
Youngin’s thuggin’ so hard probably think they know Pac
Gang, gang, gang, gang, gang, whole mob
No suckas, Blow Pops
We slide, on God
On God, on God…we slide…
On God, on God, on God, on God

[Verse 1: Mistah F.A.B.]
On God, that cha-cha beat y’all shit
Knock shit if you proud of shit, especially if you opposite
Around here, nigga get popped
Draco lettin’ off a hundred shots
Got two options for the hospital, but he died before he seen doc
Young L did it, this shit knocks, still be slidin’ around my block
Bustin’ knots, stackin’ guap
Worry about mine, ain’t worried about what another nigga got
Pussy niggas love to talk a lot
What that check talk? What it’s talkin’ ‘bout?
Mine talkin’ about 200 thousand worth of cars, nigga, in that parking lot
House all in the hills, nigga
Getting in, might hit a deer, nigga
Four-car garage, four stories, little broke boy, can you hear, nigga?
I don’t hear niggas, don’t fear niggas
‘What year your whip?’ This year, nigga
Keep playing wit’ a nigga, we gon’ give it to you here, nigga

[Chorus: Lil Yase]
Youngin’s thuggin’ so hard probably think they know Pac
Gang, gang, gang, gang, gang, whole mob
No suckas, Blow Pops
We slide, on God
On God, on God…we slide…
On God, on God, on God, on God

[Verse 2: Young Gully]
I put this shit on my God, on that early morning like IHOP
Old school soul like an IROC
Ain’t no snitchin’, won’t crime-stop
2Pac without five shots, don’t blue block, don’t dime-drop
We get it in on my spot, make bricks flip, make pies hop
Hurtin’ feelings like ‘Ouch, nigga’, Benjamins in my couch, niggas
Confident with a couple bands ‘cause there’s 20 more in my house, nigga
Lowkey like them O.G.’s, they talkin’ crazy, they O.P
I stay solo, no co-D
How he hate on me but don’t know me?
I’m OT, can’t coach me; my watch red, nigga, mo’ me
What I got tucked, you won’t see
I’m off drugs, don’t approach me
Death to you, put Tec to you; he cross me, put a X through you
He broke, can’t be next to you; he play around, that’s death to you

[Verse 3: Lil Yase]
On God…God…ay, gang, ay
Nigga, all blues (All blues)
I just run and check for all blues
I’ma spend it all on more Trues
Sike, I’ma spend it all on more shoes
$1500, nigga, all Lug’s
Got a white bitch, A.K., all boos
Nigga, who is who?
Gimme two, I’ma do a nigga crew
Tell ‘em too, they don’t even know that it was due
Gang gang getting money like an old dude
Pull up in a Chevy old school
O.G.’s saying “Little man a cold dude”

[Chorus: Lil Yase]
Youngin’s thuggin’ so hard probably think they know Pac
Gang, gang, gang, gang, gang, whole mob
No suckas, Blow Pops
We slide, on God
On God, on God…we slide…
On God, on God, on God, on God