[Chorus 2X]
Smoke that shit (I got a dub on deck)
Smoke that shit (And it ain’t no stress)
Smoke that shit (The best trees in the land)
Smoke that shit

[Verse 1: E-40]
UH!
Spark one for the dark one, let’s blast off
What kind of tree is that, huh? Strawberry cough
The contact alone will have you higher than Mt. Everest
Have you blowed as fuck ignoring your text messages
I’m at the intersection at the light smoking, inhaling it
Getting right, I bet the car next to me they smelling it
Honey tight, I like the way she looking and peeping
(What else?) She act like she want some dick, wanna fuck with a heathen
I said “What’s happenin’, baby girl, what you got up for the evening?
Let your hair down ‘cause sweetie it’s the weekend
Come and get with a real one, 86 that square”
You say that every time you wanna fuck he ain’t there
You and your bitches can smoke with me and my niggas
And me and me my niggas can smoke with you and your bitches
We got trippy sticks, volcano, vaporizers and edibles
Smoked 448 grams of vegetable

[Chorus]

[Verse 2: Too $hort]
Your lungs have no protection
The whole club is the smoking section
And when you come out West
Everybody smokes the best
‘Cause ain’t no stress, I’m never worried
I’m smoking shit you ain’t never heard of
So bitch pass it back
I know what you thinking, don’t ask me that
‘Cause I’m talented, and I’m gifted
I smoke every day ‘cause I’m addicted
Before I pass my weed to bitches
I pull my dick out and tell her ‘hit this’
Bitch, puff on these nuts
All you wanna do is just smoke the weed up
I’m ‘bout to pull a all-nighter
And pass this bitch the lighter
Smoke it (BITCH!)

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
[E-40]
NIGGA!
You a nanny
You need to wear a bra and some panties
You acting like a little hoe cakin’
Stop fucking up the rotation  (BIATCH! UH!)
Hey y’all, this nigga’s a bitch (BIATCH!)
Hogging the weed ‘cause he ain’t who she picked (MARK!)
This nigga sitting here with a whole zip
Stingy muthafucka high blocking and shit

[Too $hort]
Light that shit
You still smoke joints? I’m a OG, bitch
I seen you roll it up but I don’t see no smoke
That NorCal kush, I hit it then choke
Mixed with a little hash
Who’s smoking that wax?
Where the weed at? I’m waiting to hit it
Spark that shit and stop babysitting (NIGGA!)

[Chorus]