[Intro: Pimp C]
Churrrch...
Say playa, ay manye
This Pimp C, mayne
Ya bitch just got peeled, mayne
I gotcha hoe, mayne
Look here, mayne
Is you gon' gimme the bitch clothes
Or we gon' have to go to war around this bitch
Hol' up, church-y CHOSE

[Pimp C:]
I'm never gon' give a black eye to the game (gaaaame)
True to the code, real pimp, never lame (lame)
Niggas say I'm fraud (fraud) and not a real mack (mack)
Word to the pimp God, I don't hit you niggas striaght
If I did, it's cross-country with his face in his mind (miiind)
Two from his rare, 40-hoe dime (40-hoe dime)
If yo' bitch already chose from the CD and the cover
In the liner, 'bout the hoe fuckin on top of the cover
I stole yo' bitch, cause you not a good guuuuuy
You cain't control her body, if you cain't control her mind (miiiind, miiiind)
... That was a line from "The Mack"
If you LOSE all the bitches, you can have the hoe back
(You can have the hoe back, hoe back, you can have the hoe back...)
{Man with a dark and demon-like voice}
Now listen here, Bun... Chad...
You gotta get these hoes...
And you gotta break 'em like they NEVER been broke befo'
You gotta get inside they mind
Cause once you got they mind, you control their body
And once you got the body - YOU GOT IT ALL...

[Bun B:]
She was a pretty young thang, 21 years old
With a mouth made of gold and a platinum pussy hole (hole)
Blind as an owl, made it fresh off the bus (bus)
She lookin for a dream, but she just met us (us)
You wanna meet a star, baby, don't look in the sky (sky)
It's three right in front of you: me, myself & I (I)
You ask me the truth and I'm a tell you no lie
This is Playa International, but call it P.I. (I)
Now anywhere you wanna go, baby I could take ya
Anyone you wanna be, baby I can make ya
Whitney or Mariah or, Be-yon-cé
But you cain't have a husband or a fi-an-cé
No boyfriends, niggas or, live-in-lovers
Fuck ya baby daddy's mama, daddy, sisters and, brothers
If ya let me in, once, I'm a never let go
And that's how you steal her mind and make a top, notch, hoe

[Snoop Dogg:]
(What's hap'nin?)... This ol' manye
Holla at me, hit me with some 'Frisco game
Umm, he said, 'It's yo' thang
Man, you doin that, pimpin boy you did yo' thang"
So, I'm doin my thang, spit my game
I keep my hoes in candy canes
Look in the mirror, say it twice
Yeah bitch, I'm Candymanye
Takin ya mind, makin you mine
Put you with the Dogg - yeah
And have you fuckin with a team full of ball players
I'm talkin NBA, and the NFL
Girl, I'm major with this shit, I got clientele
I know the presidents, CEOs' and managers
Get this money for me, let the Boss Dogg manage ya
Real pimpin in the motherfuckin house
That's what the bih'ness is, FOOL whatchu talkin bout?
I know you fuckin with me boo, tell pimpin he's a mark
You should came and sell some pussy for the Dogg After Dark
Woof, woof, woof, woof...

[Interlude: Bun B (Pimp C)]
Say mayne, what I can never understand, playa, is...
How these broads can go out, man, in a pourin rain and
Freezin cold, man, and... y'know ahhh... with nuthin on, man
Ah-and-and-and sell they bodies to these tricks man and
Put themselves in a position to get, g-get beat or-ah-ah
Raped, or-ah even KILLED, man, and take this money
And, all this money they make and bring it back to these niggas man
(Aww, that's cause ya pimpin, CHUUCH~!)
Oh, I'm not talkin 'bout me, man, I'm talkin bout them other niggas

[Too $hort:]
And that's real, from the big cities to the small towns
You can find 'em everywhere, that's why I move all around
Yeah, she's a fine thang, she ain't heard my game
Make ME ya man and I'll expand ya whole mindframe
I sell, whole lotta things she never heard before
I'm doin the mack real fast, I'm makin HER my whore - BEEEITCH~!
I call the plays, I'm not fazed
But when I look in her eyes, this bitch is amazed
I'm all nonchalant, and she's so excited
It's that Pimpin Incorperated, that P.I. shit
I change ya life, bitch! You never liked it
Usta be, broke as hell, now you drive a fly whip
Chose on a real one, who laced you with the fame, girl
Feels like a dream, don't it? Ain't even a same world
All you gotta do is, everything I say
I'll be ya daddy and ya man, I'll never let you get up on it
(Let you get up on it, let you get up on it...)

[Outro: Snoop Dogg]
Yeah...
Steal ya mind, beyotch~!
Pimp C, rest in peace...