[Intro: Mr Lawnge]
Van Damme!
Let me see what kind of flavor I want
Hmmm. Do I want, vanilla?
Or do I want a taste of chocolate?
Nah. I want something different, I want something slamming!
What's the slammingest flavor out this month?
Let's see...
Yo black!
(Hmmmmm?)
What flavor are you?
(Listen...)

[Verse 1: Dres]
For a second, I reckon, I got ya double checking
Then again when to your needs did I beckon?
Hold me only if you wanna get naked
Play me for the crowd only if you wanna wreck it
The name is Dres, like silk I get slick
Drop rhymes like a basehead Bic flicks
Constantly, yes it's me
D-R-E-S
So yes, I guess, unless ya fess
You can get down to serious business, with this
I never boned a honey that I didn't like
I never saw a mile that I couldn't hike
I never had a spliff to make me choke
I never had a pocket that was broke
Hate no one but love only a few
Franklin, Grant and yeah mom duke
I run buckwild for self or with the crew
But then again, huh I thought you knew
Now I hear a voice, is it what you want?
I hope it is kid you're the flavor of the month

[Hook]
I heard you got the fever for the flavor [Repeat x3]
Somebody said you got it going on
I heard you got the fever for the flavor [Repeat x3]
Hurry up and get a scoop before it's gone

[Verse 2: Dres]
So you got the fever for the flavor of the other
Chocolate, sasspirilla, or is it you like another
Flavor in my socks, to the curly locks
Black Sheep rolling hard and knocking peons out the box
Never have I ever never ever felt much better
Did the whole nine, on the tenth I was no wetter
Ready and I'm eager, eager as a beaver
On the radio and good to go says your receiver
Not to be the boldest or the oldest nor the wackest
Neither am I needest or the newest or the blackest
Just a brown fellow who's not afraid of Jello
To the people of the world I would like to say G'day
Had to wait a while but the while has been waited
Never gave up hope in myself nor debated
Didn't shed a tear when I wasn't picked
Cause I got a cone now, want a lick?

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Dres]
Now I catch a number when before I caught a glare
Now I give a pound when before I gave a stare
Now I guess I kinda got it going on
I get a wake-up call on the norm
I used to try and push a demo now I have a Coupe
That's a bit more than a little, but then not quite a few
Funny how they find you when they told you get lost
Tell me why you're gritting when you have no dental floss
Wasn't my loss, thought you were the boss?
You never knew how much the Sherbet cost
Forget it, I never sweat it
Your girl will give me play I'll wet it
It only happens yes because you let it
Now everybody wants to play my phone
I see em with a spoon, I see em with a cone
You never knew I knew it but I knew you would pursue it
Hurry up and get a scoop before it's gone

[Hook]