[Verse 1: Young Thug]
I'mma ball like Spalding nigga
I'm a blood I'mma balla, you can call a nigga
And I'm smokin' angel dust, yes my nigga
And I'm attracted to green like war niggas
I'mma pull up late, Ricki Lake!
And my jewelry's no joke, shit frosted like flakes
I swear to God I'm baked like Easy Bake uhhh
I send a bank statement that shit sound like a taser
Yeah she shoutin' like I shot her with a taser
Fly that bitch to LA she ballin' like a Laker
I know not to tell and never speak to the neighbor
In fact I can't see them I'm on so many acres
Ever since I met shawty I feel like Hercules
And I'm smokin' bales of weed cause it grow on trees
6 golds in my mouth like a set of keys
With my west boast blood bangin' burgundy
Rich bags under my eyes nigga Birkin these
She say I want Victoria Secrets
And I fuck her long watch her decrease
Even though I'm a blood, she like "CC"
She get mad whenever I bring a BB
Shootin' a 223, DVD
Watch me shoot a foe, way down the street
Cost a whole hunnid band, band with the heat
I'mma die for my clan, Ku Klux me
Diamonds red like a muhfucka cut me
And I smoke rusty and dusty

[Hook: Young Thug]
What are you doin' in this game?
I wanna know what are you doin' in this game
Hey, baby girl whatcha doin' out here?
What the fuck are you doin' out here?
Hey, I know whatcha doin' out here
I know whatcha doin' out here
You killin' these bitches
Killin' these niggas
Cook a lot of white like Tommy Hilfiger
Ay baby girl gimme this twat
She love to sound like Brian Nichols

[Verse 2: Rich Homie Quan]
Brian Nichol with a pussy out to kill it
I ain't lookin' for the swoop I need a bitch who got a million
I want a bitch with some loot who gone take care of her kids
I mean make sure her kids, straight forever udigg?
I won't stop gettin' money forever udigg?
And I ain't talkin' bout a shovel, hmm udigg?
I just bought a new dog that ate up the pig
I just bought a new car, a hunna, udigg?
Pshh, stop, a hunnid ain't shit
2 boys 1 month, a hunnid on them
Can't go broke, it may not come again
But a lot of money comin' in you don't belong here so

[Hook: Young Thug]
What are you doin' in this game?
I wanna know what are you doin' in this game
Hey, baby girl whatcha doin' out here?
What the fuck are you doin' out here?
Hey, I know whatcha doin' out here
I know whatcha doin' out here
You killin' these bitches
Killin' these niggas
Cook a lot of white like Tommy Hilfiger
Ay baby girl gimme this twat
She love to sound like Brian Nichols

[Outro: Young Thug]
Baby watch out for the shark
Watch out for the cops
Watch out for the thots
They just want a piece of you like me
Beat 'em like Bruce Lee
Facin' life and you broke
Look at my shoulder boy you can cry on me
No, no tellin' but I told ya you can't control these streets
If a pussy nigga play I'm gonna gun him down like a G
Baby you can't see me I'm ballin you can't even D me