[Verse 1: R. Kelly]
Now I can't leave this club without you girl
I swear I want more, you deserve an encore
Backstage, V.I.P., drop it, how it's rainin'
Won't you come and tell me are you wit it?
What you want girl? You can get it
These clubbers won't treat you like I treat you
Big chips, black hearts, you'll be my costar
Somebody sayin' you lookin' for me?
Girl, here I go
Look, oh my god, who do we have
Up in the club, dancin' for me?
Girl, let me help you chase your dreams
You're so beautiful
How can I make you understand that I want to...
Rub, I wanna touch, every little inch of your body
Girl, you *have* to come with me
You're incredible, whoa girl (yes you are)

[Hook]
Baby, see the exit, exit
See the, exit
Let's go, out this club
Exit, Exit
See the exit

Now baby if that's your man, forget it, go about it and dance
I really didn't mean no harm, it's just a player's charm in me girl
And I do it around the world, in every bar
Like a professor babe, Kellz gives sex seminars
When you walk by, so slow, make me whistle
You got pretty teeth
It feels so good when you're smilin' at me
I'm about to buy you everything
Baby girl, just leave this club with me
I got a big house in the mountains
Let's go, and I even got a stripper poll
Excuse me miss, somebody sayin' you lookin' for me?
Look, oh my god, who do we have
Up in the club, dancin' for me?
Why you upstaging these chicks?
Girl, you got the dance owned
How can I make you understand that I wanna...
Rub, I wanna touch, every little inch of your body (your body)
Girl, you need to go with me
It's the last call, alcohol, girl (yes it is)

[Hook]

When you see me
Two of us, your block, back of Maybach
Black shades on, down low in your hood
Smokin' on that good
Don't take a picture or autograph
Crack some jokes, make me laugh
Take some shots, baby now, come to my hotel
Girl I love the way you're teasin' me
You and your girlfriend on the dance floor
I'm thinkin' a minage tois
Won't you jump up off in my car?
Girl, it's so pretty
Leather interior, custom made for me
Let the top of that go back, then we'll pull off from the club *real slow*
So fans can take a pic
Girl I get a kick out of splurgin' on you
Nordstrom, Prada, Gucci, Fendi, Vicky Secret's too
Baby, sky's the limit where we go from here
Once we're in that Benz
Girl, take me serious when I say, I wanna walk out of here with you

[Hook]