[Intro: Jazze Pha]
Ladies and gentlemen
You are now tuned into the very best
T.I., Dream!


[Verse 1: T.I.]
Long hair, cute face, big booty, thin waist
Breasts so pretty they can’t be real.. they is) that’s what she’ll say..
She’ll play with her girlfriend tag team on the sex I’ll give way..
Get em on Patron for real they both gone have a field day..
Never have experienced, gorgeous but they curious..
So gorgeous and mysterious I’m panty pumper number one I’m serious..
I’m talking fast cars, bright lights, big city, long nights, pretty women on site
I give it to em all night

[Pre-Hook: The Dream & (T.I)]
It had bright lights
Rolling through the city in that M6
Every other radio station playing my…. Oooo…..
In a minute she gone be right up on mine
And look at you
She ain't had none in a minute so I’m really finna to put it on you
You just got a text from your man over here like he ain’t got no clue
(Tell him when I let you go, shawty)
You know it… (You know what it is, baby)
He can’t love you like I do…

[Hook 2: T.I. & (The Dream)]
He can’t do it like (I do)
He can’t do it like (I do)
He can’t do it like
(So go on shortie twerk that, I’m finna to work that. I do)
He can’t do it like (I do)
You know he can’t do it like (I do)
He can’t do it like
(I'm not like him and I'm finna to put it on ya like..)

[Verse 2: T.I.]
Say she got a man but, he don’t really stand up
In that stuff like he supposed to all he do is handcuff
So she come see me relaxed
Give me love receive it back
Sex her, stretch her body out so much she say I needed that
I’m talking prime time porn star
Going hard, going in, riding it like a foreign car, invite a friend to join in
I’m talking fast cars, bright lights, big city, long nights, pretty women on site
I give it to em all night

[Hook]

[Verse 3: T.I.]
Catch me in an old school, new school vert drop, hard top
See me and at least two freaks pulled over in a parking lot
Engaged in conversation rolling listening to the radio
Give it to em rough they say but treat em like a lady though
She never kissed a girl before but fantasized about girls before
Imagined having sex with women just don’t want the world to know
I’m talking fast cars, bright lights, big city, long nights, pretty women on site
I give it to em all night

[Bridge: The Dream]
Ooh baby
Hey baby girl..
All you gotta do is call me when you need me baby
All I need is you
All you need is me
Let me free your little body and take you into ecstasy

[Hook]