You say one for the trouble, two for the time
C'mon girls, let's rock that [whistle blows]

Wham, bam, the monster jam get up everybody and do the freak, to the beat

Wham, bam, the monster jam get up everybody and do the freak, to the beat

You're the S to the P the double O-N-Y, you're the one MC I will never deny
You better watch out and I tell ya why, 'cause I'm Angie B, I might give you a try
Now you're looking in my eyes and you're in a trance
And all you can think of is my sweet romance
Hey Spoonie Gee, I'm Angie B
And I'd like to know what you got for me

Well I'm a cherry piece, sometimes I'm a plum
Sweet as sugar baby, c'mon and get some
What you've been waiting for my dear
That month-by-month, year-by-year
That day-by-day, that week-by-week
Now you got a chance girl, I'm at my peak
My rap is strong, my love is long
And I'ma ding of a bell before it goes dong

With my brown eyes and my cherry lips
You can't refuse my walnut hips
Everyone see me, walk down the street
They know I'm the one with the foxy beat
And I can turn ya on and I can turn ya off
'Cause I got control 'cause I am the boss
I'm like an Al Capone of the microphone
If you can't go with it then you've got to go home

Wham, bam, the monster jam get up everybody and do the freak, to the beat

Wham, bam, the monster jam get up everybody and do the freak, to the beat

Pound for pound, like inch for inch
She was [?] by [?] that I [?]
From the way you look and that nice hairdo
That must have been what attract me to you
When I asked for the loving you put me in line
Said, "Huh it's too soon, you're not that kind"
Well I can understand Cheryl that you want to last
But after all ya know a long time has passed
When times come around you say you're not ready
When all ya gotta do is close your eyes and rock steady
Time for love, no time for hip-hopping
'Cause once I'm gone I ain't no stopping
So think it over Cheryl, tell me what you're gonna do
'Cause I've got loving all just for you

You see Mama Dog is what they say
I'm gonna rock Spoonie Gee in a vicious way
Well I go by the name of the Wonder Girl
I'm gonna rock Spoonie Gee all over the world
I'm a beautiful lady in and out
I was raised in a city of the beautiful South
Ya see I like a man with plenty of charm
And if he got some money can't do no harm
Professional, now I pronounce
I'm gonna rock this mic with my vicious sound
Ya see I'm just what the doctor ordered
C'mon and let me check out all your boys
I say some words you never heard
And I'll hum in your ear like a hummingbird
Just like the penicillin pill
I'll make you well as if you're ill
But if you're ill can ya understand
I'm like the pill they call Dristan

Wham, bam, the monster jam get up everybody and do the freak, to the beat

Wham, bam, the monster jam get up everybody and do the freak, to the beat

Gotta special rap to do it all
Ring a ding ding, telephone call
Spoonie you can call me any time of the day
Cause I'll always have something to say
Like Spoonie, "What's happening?"
"You Angie baby, I gave you the ring"
See I got you in my arms and I'm squeezing you tight
The warmth of my body's like dynamite
I'm a sonic listener, a mind twister
I'm Angie B, your soul sister
I'm right on time and I'm never late
So c'mon Blondie and participate

I'll walk through hell without a sweat
And I'll swim the length of any ocean without getting wet
I'll walk through coal without a chill
And I drop a can of beer without a spill
Ya see I rock a party from a-sun to sun
When I rock a party it's never done
But I rock a party from a-week to week
And I rock a party so very neat
Ya see I never mess up, I'm not lazy
All the fellas in the house just go crazy
I sing them highs, I sing them lows
I bring all the freaks to their toes

Like Peaches and Herb, Herb and Peaches
I'm Cheryl The Pearl, the grandmaster's teaching
Gonna tell you a little story about [?]
It's like a [?] do the hoochie-coochie
Go knock, knock, come on in
The party of the night has just began
The freaks are here, no one is dead
And can I hear somebody say "Go 'head?"

(Go 'head!)

(Go 'head!)

(Go 'head!)

(Go 'head!)

Wham, bam, the monster jam get up everybody and do the freak, to the beat

Wham, bam, the monster jam get up everybody and do the freak, to the beat

Just listen to what I say
We could talk about the matter in a OJ
Or talk about the matter over a cup of tea
But whatever you do conversate with me
You know I know a lot of dudes try to rap to you
But after all girl, say what can you do?
Say, hey girl look at what ya got cookin'
But that's an old rap so the dude's a sap
Well I can tell it to your face, don't have to write a letter
To prove it to ya baby I could satisfy ya better
I give you some of this but at your own risk
'Cause I'm one man that you can't resist
Then I'm so shrewd to get you in the mood
Before you know it you'll be in the nude
And in your house you'll be waiting for me
The man they call the cold-crushin' lover, MC Spoonie Gee!

Freak, freak it's so unique, for us to rock Spoonie Gee out of his seat
I said freak, freak it's so unique, for us to rock Spoonie Gee out of his seat
I said rock, rock, rickity-ro rock, rick-rock that stereo!
I said rock rock rock rock rickity-ro rock, rick-rock that stereo!
Freeze!

Wham, bam, the monster jam get up everybody and do the freak, to the beat

Wham, bam, the monster jam get up everybody and do the freak, to the beat

Blondie is what they say
I'm sweeter than the candy they call the big PayDay
Like Gloria Vanderbilt gangster jeans
I'm the one they fit so mean
Like the Charlie's Angels on the go
Now I'm the angel that you should know
Like Dolly Parton stickin' out in the front
Like Blondie makin' the fellas grunt
I say I get more sex than a [?]
Hey cold-crushin' lover, I'm twice as nice!

If a change of pace is what you want
Get ready! This is a serious joint
Because my raps are always right on time
Gonna give you the chance to feel real fine
Now if you're in the groove of the beat
C'mon Spoonie Gee and rap to me

Say I will not stop (I will not stop)
I must keep on rocking (I must keep on rocking)
Say I will not stop (I will not stop)
I must keep on rapping (I must keep on rapping)
He's the cold-crushin' lover (He's the cold-crushin' lover)
And you know that there is no other (There is no other)
He's MC Spoonie Gee! (He's MC Spoonie Gee!)
And ain't a man quite like he (Ain't a man quite like he)

Now say one for the trouble, two for the time
C'mon girls, let's rock that [whistle blows]

You say one for the trouble, two for the time
C'mon girls, let's rock that [whistle blows]