[Intro: Havoc]
Uhh GOD, uhh, y'know what we gotta do son!
Y'knowhutI'msayin? Word up!
Make that millions fam!
No doubt! It's only there for the takings son
Matter of fact let me get some of that beer son
We drunk all that shit, hey yo!

[Verse 1: Havoc]
41st Side convention, Queens connection
The Bridge we reppin'
Any party that we step in get the Henny up
VSOP immediately, extra bent
Rob then out son is evident
We stash CREAM, mansions fulfill my dream
Ice 'reams gleam, spread love throughout the whole team
Dominate the game, let's have a rule, combinations
No conversation, bring all ya good confrontation
You hesitatin', ass bettin', that's bad business
For the game, nigga, get out the business
You waste of space, substitute, here's a replace
We deface, smack the smile off ya fuckin face
Taint the taste, send ya home back to vacate
Get your shit together plus your mind straight

[Verse 2: Prodigy]
Yo, my empire strikes with the strength of poisonous snakes
My entire unit loaded up with snake niggas that hire stakes
We pull off a high stakes, great escapes, expand, shift team downstate
Dreams of growing old with my son to live great
Little man I'm plannin' to enhance your mindstate
The rebirth, a nigga who lived an ill life
The one before me was of an even more trife
My understandin', I'll raise you with precise plannin'
And put you on to the whole game of this planet
But I gotta survive in order to follow through
Plans to live lotto, me and my little kicko
Any man tryin' to stop us, he get wet tho
He couldn't withstand the snake bite, there is no antidote
Don't you put your hands too close and try to approach
I won't snap at you I'm goin' for throats
And when you feel my bite, ya sing high notes
I peeped you from deep and then you got cut close
My formulae: I live life do or die
Stare into the eyes of a deep wiseguy
Prodigy, turnin' niggas to protegés
My protegé, I advise ya ass to make way
Make way...for fully-auto gun spray
You're small prey, I'll easily bait and trap game
This man is half mad scientist-half sane
Create a rhyme labyrinth like poisonous cannabis
Here, take a toke of this deadly rare vocalist
Overpower y'all, tiny noise like locusts
Like sunlight thru a magnifying glass I'll focus and burn
A hole straight thru ya brain and leave ya open (Oh shit!)
And let the venom soak in
You start sweatin' and goin' thru convulsions from dope shit I writ
Leavin' niggas stuck, I let stick
Trapped up in a web of a nigga that's sick
I'll wrap you up in cocoon, get caught up in the midst
A dangerous, it's risky business fuckin' with this
Contender number one I put you on top of the list
You're the best challenger so far, I'll give you this
But peep this (What?) fatal shots that solar plex
Man Down...now who dares to go next?
Like General Monk Monk orders to chop necks
I send a message to my whole clique to bomb shit
Atomic, no time for calm shit
We hyperactive when it’s time to Vietnam it
Ya whole alliance gets singlehandedly bombed-ed
Take heed to the Apostle's Warning
Word up!