* Intermission *
* Call between Twin Gambino and Prodigy *

[Twin] Ayo P what's good dunn! What's happening?

[Verse 1: Prodigy]
Ayo what up with it, yeah it's been a minute
I'm good on this side of the fence, same shit
Different spot on the navigation, just being patient
Working out, reading and writing you know the basics
Corrections, got word from Albany
Keep me in voluntary P.C, which means
The state decides where I live
Can't sign out because I never signed in
Difference between they bid and my bid is
This ain't county jail, this is state prison
I'm high risk, high profile too
There ain't population but niggas like "Who you?"
Never heard of you, keep banging do your thang and
Maybe one day you'll be famous, but fuck all that
They got this phone tapped you hear me G's?
Tell Tyson bring that beef and broccoli on the next VI
Ayo what's up with Hav?
Heard that song Letter to P that shit is crack
There gonna be drastic changes when i get back
It gonna be me and [?] on the [?] like [?] said

[Hook]
Ayo they monitor the phone calls, watch what you say
They got the phones tapped better watch how you speak
Yeah, welcome to state prison
They got a call on the hotline who is it?
Yeah, better off talking on the visit
Yeah, you better off talking on the visit
If you don't know how to speak in code
You gone' fuck around and catch a new charge yo

[Verse 2: Prodigy]
I heard Rap D got knocked, I mean Max B
I heard Tru Life fighting a body, I hope he beat it
Tell Un every lights green ain't no passes
TOS, on the East and the West
Tell 40 the same thing, they stay catching niggas slipping in Cali
For their jewelry and things
Give my love to the Zoo baby, Village Boo
Maniac, Tip-Toe and Badass too
Anyway, 50 came in to see me last weekend
We had a long talk about how it's gonna be when
I touch town, and when I touch down
We're gonna party like the SuperBowl on the countdown
Without a fuck left, this shit is nothing
Nigga, Ferg about to come home from doing real numbers
15 years on lock, he was wilding they sent him to 200 box
So Twin listen, holla at Gotti and Ron Ron
Tell him congratulations, he made it to the Lakers
And we gonna get this money like it grow on trees
And anybody hating, nigga taste on these
Godzilla balls, I talk fire when I speak these lyrics
The rap game twisted, because everybody copy what the next man does
I listen to Pitbull and Flo Rida
These new niggas sounding like Kanye West
He's a biter not a writer, I'm not impressed
You a lover not a fighter so cut the bullshit
All they're gonna do is run like Saigon did
But tell Hav I love him get the beats together
So when Mobb Deep drop we be bigger and better
Word, tell him I need fire nigga
So when Mobb Deep drop we be bigger and better

[Hook]
Ayo they monitor the phone calls, watch what you say
They got the phones tapped better watch how you speak
Yeah, welcome to state prison
They got a call on the hotline who is it?
Yeah, better off talking on the visit
Yeah, you better off talking on the visit
If you don't know how to speak in code
You gone' fuck around and catch a new charge yo

[Verse 3: Prodigy]
Ayo I just got a letter from the real Rick Ross
He in the feds right now but he's real short
What else? Cormega came through on the humble
We had a good visit (that's my dunn)
Yeah that's my dunn too
He told me that Nas still tight
Because I rep Queensbridge harder than a lead pipe
And I'm from Hempstead, close to the shacks on Park side
Guess he mad I'm successful, and he can't shine
Oh that's too bad, Oh that's so sad
He remembers Central Park, he better fall back
Let me chill because I'm talking reckless on this jack
And police is listening, to everything said
What up with your brothers Punk Munk and Alley Moe?
That's good, tell Moms I said Hello
And I know I'm talking your head off, but we ain't speak
In a few months, been so much that's happening
Like Michael Jackson died, the fans is bugging
Now Jay-Z's summer jam picture means nothing
Oh yeah, I was with [?]
We was in Rikers Island, the CO's was wilding
The female officers was bad as hell
If I had've stayed a little longer I'd have got some tail
See, Alchemist on tour with Slim Shady
Home girl better chill before Em let that tape leak
Before Cam'Ron let that tape leak
Before Ma$e let that tape leak, damn she a freak
I spoke to Yayo last night he just copped
The new four door Porsche (Yeah that shit hot!)
I know, but I'm back on my Acura shit
No jewelry with the factory rims
That life he living now I already lived
It's his turn to shine it's my turn to sit
Back like a Mac and let the bread stack
Yo Cocaine I still wanna test drive that!
Yeah YG wrote me, he holding it down
And Nut wrote a book he a author now
Tell Bumpy George and Tim Law what's up
Props Karate Joe, Black Ice all my dunns, you heard?
King Benny just got locked up
His bail was 30,000, Gotti got him out and
They caught him in Utica with guns in the car
Damn, we just chilling on the DI floor
Heard Money Know getting in it, that's my G
Tell him to stay low, and stay sucker free
JM will be home real soon before me
And my nigga Shameek back on the concrete, now
Roam just got bagged for crazy powder
Man New York hotter than hellfire keep outta
The reach of the Police, stay off the streets
They locking niggas up like slavery
I just got a kite from Shee I leech
And LL suppose to come up so we can speak
(Word I'll be up there again soon yo!)
Good because I got certain shit I can't say on this phone

[Hook]
Ayo they monitor the phone calls, watch what you say
They got the phones tapped better watch how you speak
Yeah, welcome to state prison
They got a call on the hotline who is it?
Yeah, better off talking on the visit
Yeah, you better off talking on the visit
If you don't know how to speak in code
You gone' fuck around and catch a new charge yo

You know what I'm saying? That nigga P, Sid Roams