[Intro]
Attention
The Following inmates
When names are called will be transferred
Due to overcrowded conditions

[Hook]
What am I doing?
Have been serving time for five long years
Got no trial in sight
Cause just as they all talk about just keeps my mind


[Verse: 1 Prodigy]
The D's lied on the stand "I'm going down this time"
Tell the kids I won't be home for a while
Tell Mom don't stress, it'll go by fast
Get my last piece of sex before they ship my ass
Process it, down state my stomach on the gate
Some Rikers island chicken, the last thing I ate
Break a breaker, 1-9, 911
They called the cops on me, they supposed to be thugs
No honor in the hood, how are they all snakes?
That's crazy. Fuck it! it is what it was
Get these years over with
Get a little size on me
Make peace with God and grow mentally
Pie peter a few niggas up, we take a few losses
We hard headed, we fight till we nauseas
And yeah I want to go home but we ain't going nowhere for a long time bro, In fact

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Papoose]
Coney Island blood in the sand
Raised fire with some niggas over nickels and grams
Think you gettin' busy, you given the business a scram
Look over your shoulder, see the nigga ripping your man
Police run up on the scene, he tripping like "Damn!"
He don't know who did it, he keep it official a man
Looking for the weapon, you wondering if you should have ran
Holding the razor so tight that it's ripping your hand
When was the last time that you had to sit on a stand?
Did you stand with the defendant's or the witnesses' stand?
Get a wake call crowded can't split with your fam
Shaking like Jelly, cause you never been in a jam
All of my niggas clock digits, Cock biscuits and blam
They should call us sheep skin cause we live on the lamb
Gun charge, bailed out that's a fact and all that
They should call your album snitch, cause you ratted on that

[Hook]
What am I doing?
Have been serving time for five long years
Got no trial in sight
Cause just as they all talk about just keeps my mind
(I'm Not A Prisoner! No, no..)