[Intro: Tee Grizzley]
Aye, I look at 50 dollars like, it's still 50 dollars
I don't give a fuck how much money I got
Chopsquad
I remember my struggle so vividly, that every dollar still count to me
A lot of niggas be like 10 bands, oh that ain't shit, that's a 100 to me
Look, I remember that struggle vividly man, call me petty or whatever man
Chopsquad DJ on the beat so it's a banger

[Chorus: Tee Grizzley & YFN Lucci]
I remember sleepin' on the floor (on the floor) (yeah)
I remember being broke (bein' broke) (yeah)
I know if all this money go
I'm gon' look up like where everybody go? (everybody go?)
Yeah, I remember sleepin' on the floor
I lost everything but hope (lost everything but hope)
I know if all this money go
I'm gon' look up like where everybody go? (everybody go?)

[Verse 1: Tee Grizzley]
Used to carry bottles to the store
Thinkin' to myself like I can't do this shit no more
I did 4 months in the hole
Thinkin' to myself like I cannot wait to go home
Stay strong, right or wrong, I'm gon' grind it, they like keep it up
We just wanna get money, they just wanna beef with us
It's guaranteed you gon' die one day but I'll speed it up
Police get behind the SRT, don't stop it, speed it up
Got no problem cuttin' day ones off, these niggas be fu
Everybody always talkin' 'bout what they would do
Nigga speak before they know the truth, these bitches too
You can be blood, I'm not goin' broke for you 'cause

[Chorus: Tee Grizzley & YFN Lucci]
I was sleepin' on the floor, yeah (on the floor)
I remember bein' broke (bein' broke)
I know if all this money go (if all this money go)
I'm gon' look up like where everybody go? (where everybody go?)
I remember sleeping on the floor (sleepin' on the floor)
I lost everything but hope (I lost everything but hope)
I know if all this money go (I know if all this money go)
I'm gon' look up like where everybody go? (where they go?)

[Verse 2: YFN Lucci]
Uh, I remember, I remember a whole lot of bad winters, yeah
I remember goin' juggin' before Christmas, yeah
I remember when I got my first pistol, yeah
I remember, sleepin' on the floor at [?]
I remember puttin' that money in my Timbs
I remember when they snatched up an L
They they got styrofoam, then Stan came home, the whole gang on
Ay that my dawg, that my dawg we shared the same bone
The same couch, the same house, even the same phone
The same .357 that got your man gone, that's on the zone
I wonder why the real don't live long
Sometimes I wonder who gon' be here if he gone
Sometimes I ponder, I got so much on my dome
I got so much in common, I can't even keep calm
Sticks with the drums, they don't want no problem
Niggas know how we come and yeah, I'm from the bottom
We was sleepin' on bunk, yeah end of road, that's a lot of humps
Yeah, can't forget where we came from

[Chorus: Tee Grizzley & YFN Lucci]
Yeah, I remember sleepin' on the floor
I remember being broke (being broke)
I know if all this money go (if all this money go)
I'm gon' look up like where everybody go? (where everybody go?)
I remember sleepin' on the floor (sleepin' on the floor)
I lost everything but hope (I lost everything but hope)
I know if all this money go (I know if all this money go)
I'm gon' look up like where everybody go? (where they go?)

[Verse 3: Tee Grizzley]
I remember when me and Rell were sharin' clothes
Like when you wear my shit, don't post, I don't want nobody know
Real shit had my heart and soul
Probably don't know how much she used to love me, we slept on the floor
I remember back in middle school, we used to walk home
You hate what I said on 'Win' but I can't lie in my songs
Tell the truth on all my audio, keep it real until he call me home
Where the fuck did all my niggas go when I needed them around?
I hope she don't have no baby on me, that might break me down
They ain't visit me upstate, no, so they ain't gon' visit my grave, no but

[Chorus: Tee Grizzley]
I remember sleepin' on the floor (I was sleepin' on the floor)
I remember being broke (I remember being broke)
I know if all this money go (if all this money go)
I'm gon' look up like where everybody go? (where everybody go?)
I remember sleepin' on the floor (sleepin' on the floor)
I lost everything but hope (I lost everything but hope)
I know if all this money go (if all this money go)
I'm gon' look up like where everybody go (where did everybody go)
I remember sleepin' on the floor (sleepin' on the floor)
I remember being broke (I remember being broke)
I remember being broke (being broke)
Sleepin' on the floor (on the floor)
I remember being broke
If all this money go
Damn where everybody go?
Damn where everybody go?