[Intro]
(Solo! Solo!) Rocks the house
(Solo! Solo!)
(Solo! Solo!) Rocks the house
(Solo)

[Verse 1]
Open the door, my DJ's on the cut
Invited to my rap, or look, the door's shut
All eyes on the man who runs the house
Or be small if you can't take a, the on-across Solo
Pain is moved like earthquakes when mirrors break
Transform, even the dog house shakes
Rhymes of mine own many rappers presence
Vacate this, but still can't be resident
Rappers'll cave and try to get one copy
Trespass, and got arrested on my property
In my house, and locked up and no way out
What do they all see? Solo rocks the house

[Hook]
(Solo! Solo!) Rocks the house
(Solo! Solo!)
(Solo! Solo!) Rocks the house
(Solo)

[Verse 2]
Cops met on the bathroom sink and tub
As Bally footprints cover the living room rug
With four rings, no rappers can answer 'cause
When cage collapses, chandeliers fall
Crap will break walls, celings start to cave in
From the living room, dining room, and den
Rappers'll trap, MC's try to break
2 rhymes and cuts, thats break, there, 5 escape
They wait in the crowd, with nowhere to go
They hide in the closet, so their face won't show
'Til they get hit with shoes, and poles, and flows
That hold the clothes, and now the whole foundation unfolds
To the ground, rappers on mics can't be found
'Cause punks are buried, nobody can ever sound
For those that with, is this, know what it's all about
The neighbors tell the cops, Solo rocks the house

[Hook]
(Solo! Solo!) Rocks the house
(Solo! Solo!)
(Solo! Solo!) Rocks the house
(Solo)

[Verse 3]
Tricks are treats, so put my mic in the bag
And rap and serve with a hat
Now rappers want to round and brag
MC's who perceive warning, don't let me catch you
Sleepin', or yawnin' in the mornin'
I'll be waitin', also takin'
MC's out, on a rappin' group awakenin'
Read up my rap style, you never know you might
Get hit in the head with consecutive rows of flows
Beats go together like Clash of the Titans
Rhymes are hittin' harder like a punch from Tyson
I never found a foe too hard to fight
I might jump up on the wage of the stage, a poltergeist
Witty the ditty, think the pretty
Come off of jams, I'm flauntin'
And yell "They're from the city"
Well I'm from Long Island where rappin' and rhymin' is hype
Both you frogs, you disapear like bat might
Grab your dice, throw your roll, you crapped out
I grab the dice, now I roll C Lo
Nothin's hard, for K-Solo to do
I'm like vodka, I'm Absolut-ly
Deadly, MC's, don't even step to me
As I cause death and won rap victory
Rappers fit the same descriptions, soft
They sayin' they're makin' records
But rappers are still walkin', talkin', also stalkin'
Lookin' for a manager or producer in New York
And they might see you, ask what y'all can do
See you kick a weak rhyme, and flaunt your crew
Time's up, your appointment's through
You hear the man
(Don't call us, your style sucks, we'll call you)
The problem what you know music, weak rap lines
You stopped at the wrong place at one wrong time
Some pray to god for one contract to sign
They name their posse's name on the dotted line
You're like to rest to me, say weak mind
So grab a ticket and number, punk, get on line
We can go rhyme for rhyme, hit for hit
Grab the bad mit, Ok, let's play rhyme-a-hit
I'm at the bat, you throw a pitch
I take aim, swing a Solo rhyme, it's a hit
So chase me with mitts like a baseball
Tryin' to get it, but drop the midget quick
'Cause I'm a home run hit
Bases loaded, quote, take note and
Four hit records at one time, Solo wrote and
I design the flow and rhyme something like a sketch
And dress it and press it until it sounds like Memorex
On tape, when I rhyme, I don't rhyme straight
I rhyme crooked with zig zag and base
Some, rhyme, punks inherit their own fate
To be that crab, so that's when I pass plates
To wait if, to wait for other crab MC's
Throwin' them back in the ocean
So they can flow against me
They get an idea, some try to swim high
Get trapped in the bay or they get lost in the tide
Where I live, bigger and better try to bite me
Like Jaws, 1, 2, and 3
Blind mice, who doin' the louie, I kick
Rhyme crazy, never Hong Kong Phooey
MC's are the same, livin' large
Rappers are frontin', 'cause they want to be stars
You tell two friends, so on and so on
And I'm gone, that's the end of the song

[Hook]
(Solo! Solo!) Rocks the house
(Solo! Solo!)
(Solo! Solo!) Rocks the house
(Solo)

[Outro]
So flow production, word up
On the strength, PMD cold packin' an AK Mac 10
What's up E?
Yo Mel, I'm out