[Intro]
{*Tech ad libs backwards*}

[Verse 1]
Ain't no way you 'bout to stop this sickness
From the deepest, darkest part of Missouri
Psycho-alpha-schizo get your chick, she diggin' me
A-B-S-O-L-U-T-E P-O-W-E-R, see me clownin'
Look at all you player haters frownin'
Raw! God said: "Kill 'em all!" Tech's back's to the wall!
Fightin' for my life and I'ma bust back 'til they fall!
And I ain't even slangin' them thangs
I'm hollin' one-eight-seven if you trippin' with Strange
I'm really real with it, like my homie AJ say, "Deal with it"
Pushin' and pullin', fightin' for the meal ticket
In a minute I'ma do it like a villian, I'ma get 'em in the middle of a bomb
Put 'em on the spot 'til the funk go pop and I bet he never have another quam
Tech Nizzle! When I'm thizzled it's, "Who be you?"
Rolling with Dave, Trav, Violet Brown, and 3DQ
Hootie hoo, for those who not knowin' that Missouli true;
I'ma tell you like the Swedish would say it, "Sug min kuk"

[Hook] (2X)
Absolute Power! That's the only way to roll!
Absolute Power! They love us everywhere we go!
Absolute Power! Tecca Nina's 'bout to blow!
Absolute Power! Absolute Power!

[Verse 2]
I do hip hop! And I mix it with the hard rock!
Designing this rhyming for climbing
Tech N9ne he's unwinding the shining is blinding
Greedy so we constantly grinding
I've been in the game 16 years making rap tunes
Raising hella havoc up in the classroom
Now in '02 you can watch me clownin', diamonds shinin'
Watching DVD's on the Hoshitoshi (It's all Jesus!)
Now I keep the crowds pumpin', they jumpin'
Get back to the telly we rollin' and stickin' somethin'
Racing to the main line
Absolute Power is having Halle Berry and Juliette Lewis at the same time
Oh! That's how Strange niggas run
Listen to the villian with the gun-associated tongue
(We're close to the end) But not done
The Tech's just begin, begun, beginning to begin to have fun
The curse is tryin' to put me in the hearse
But I will not tumble, first thing's first;
Took a lot of shit and I can't take more
Fuck Jay Ferus and everybody down with him and fuck JCOR!

[Hook] (2X)

[Verse 3]
Thanks to Strange Music I'm comin' and all my enemies they runnin'
Now all my haters bummin' 'cause I was summoned
We Kansas City players and we 'bout soul game
We make it so Tecca Nina is a household name
How many points you got? I got 50
Here's a question to the Censorship Committee
"Who's the biggest gang of niggas in the city?"
My villians are gritty
Big Scoob, Txx Will, Bakarii, rest in peace Short Nitty
Foul with the evil ways, power's what the people say
Rebel yellin' we're felons and my pockets are swellin'
This beat's from Berlin, Germany
Throwin' up Mizzizzy so ain't no other city concernin' me
I teach it and I speak it very loosely
Stamina gunnin' got player haters runnin' profusely
Now I got the parents pissed and ready to noose me
'Cause they know that Absolute Power corrupts, absolutely!

[Hook] (2X)