[Intro]
What the fuck do I hear mayne? Listen
I think some bitches coming near me, dwam!

(I need you to do something for me)
(What's that baby?)
(Ehm, I don't know if you can handle this)
(Shit, I can handle whatever)
(I need you to just bang out!)

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
816 Boyz! Ain't we sick, boy?
Here I come baby, the areola mayne!
And the Hennessy got me numb
Like I shot my dick with Novocaine
Fuck with Nina if you want to cum
Ain't no slackin' in my tappin' bitch I pump for fun
Got these bad bitches at the bar, and a bunch of rum
Wanna fuck Tech? So I guess they want to jump the gun
They want me to bang out, that's what I do when my thang out
Then I'm gonna put it right in their mouth
Beat the panini 'til one of them say ouch
Right! If they came to Nina with tight cats
They end up loose as a goose they pussies to ice packs
Real life Jack, they can be white, black, nice, fat
Just need a crevice to put my pipe at
So when we bang out baby fight back
And I'mma knock it out like my name was young Mike, crack!

[Hook]
Told me to bang, bang, bang
Like it ain't a thang, thang, thang
Let me say your name, daddy
When I tell you "beat it up" stop me
Want you try to pull that thang out
Baby, can we shang' out?
Told me to bang, bang, bang
Like it ain't a thang, thang, thang
Let me say your name poppy
When you hear me holla' don't stoppy
Want you to try to wear that thang out
Baby, can we bang out?

[Verse 2: Krizz Kaliko]
I like them kind of girls, only two kind of girls
Good ol' big ones and big old' good ones, baby mama girl!
Not prejudice I like the light ones
White ones, black as night ones (Okay)
My fetish is to leave the lights on, watch her while I pipe her (Okay)
I been around the globe, the motherlands, the mother load
And Asian girls, call them choppies, boricuas call me papi
Down under the Sheila's, under the sheets and she's a pleaser
European girl straighten my Leaning Tower of Pisa
Middle Eastern girls let me under the tunic
Snake and bat know we runnin'
They comin' back cause they want it
Ayo fat girls, come 'ere are you ticklish?
I'm mad niggerish, pull out the licorice and she told me to

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Kutt Calhoun]
The way you make that booty talk, I know your ass a liar
So when I spank it then you whine for me to pacify it
You call me daddy cause I beat it like my own kids
Them other niggas just some minute-men, Uncle Ben's
But I'm a Capricorn I'm packed like I'm strapped for porn
I whip the pussy like slave masters, they backs is torn
My pole reels them in, right by they black whiskers
Rough it and catch, then release 'em when I'm catfishin'
Brown, white, yellow, tan, and all the black women
Know I Kutt it bang out and this dick is what's attractin' 'em
Even when I pass it to the homies like they Badminton
Now I'm undastandin' why these hoes keep comin' back, nigga

[Hook]

[Verse 4: Makzilla]
Ay-ay-ay turn me up yep yep loud in here
So that everyone can hear, I got bang bang of the year
Yes them voted me so sexy, Tech and Crystal nigga's lace me
I been came up out my shit, oh shit, goddamn I'm raisin' hell
Oh well, no, I do not kiss and squeal
I am Vegas secrets so my lips forever sealed
And I'm snorin', in my PJ's bitch I'm snorin'
Wakin' up like OMG, O-OMG white girl alarm
Hit-hit the snooze pu-wah-uss
Friend walked in now-now there's two
She kissed her, she kissed you
Now, now they turn focused on me
Zip the zipper, kiss the hitter
Bent her over, went to hit her
Now, now, Mak, Mak-zilla’s known as Mi-mi-mi-mi-mi-mi-mister