[Intro: Tech N9ne]
But the cattle had no idea when entering the slaughterhouse that they would never return, so they went while the others watched in the distance listening to the slaughtering of there own. So fear and stress sets in as the other groups approached the slaughterhouse led by the farmer. See, the farmer knew that the cattle had something valuable; something he wanted, so he attacked and the result of the attack was beef (beef)
B-E-E-F: bitter emotions envy and fear - beef
Ain't nobody got no real beef with me, nigga what? Every time a motherfucker come along and do something. It's always another motherfucker that wanna come along and stop his ass. Ain't nothin' strong enough to stop fuckin' Tech N9ne, nigga. Ain't nothin'! Ain't nobody got no motherfuckin' beef with me, nigga fuck you!

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
Better watch your language!
Niggas jealous when the women feel us
We famous
Gettin' with us, ain't an option haters, send the killers, bring 'em
Straight angus
Grade A hater!
Hatin' niggas that change up
You don't wanna get banged up
Fucking around with them strangers
It better be about money ('bout money)
And it bet' not be no bitch
Better go fish, I don't wanna hear all the lip
And if he trippin' hit 'em with the four-fifth
Wanna take it there and it's so sad
Thinkin' he packin' a pair of the gonads
What you got a little beef with me?
Well I got a big fat meatloaf for your ass
Bow down haters, turn around niggas
Go and clown if you like the way it sound - beef killers
Wait a minute, nigga, why you lookin' at me
Like a motherfuckin' bald head when I got a head full of hair?
Eyeballs red with a stare, put a nigga dead in the air
Fuckin' a family believe it I'll take it there
Stuck in a wheelchair never gonna take
Another step again, a weapon and the specimen
I left him in a mess and then I gotta
Give a nigga the metal medicine and holler
I ain't never gotta wipe my tears
Never need a gang when I fight my fears
It stops right there and continues right here

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
If you want beef, it's right here, here, yeah, yeah
'Cause if it's on then it's on, if you want it come on
If you want beef, it's right here, here, yeah, yeah
If you want it come on, nigga just say what you want
If you want beef, it's right here, here, yeah, yeah
'Cause if it's on then it's on, if you want it come on
If you want beef, it's right here, here, yeah, yeah
If you want it come on, nigga just say what you want

[Verse 2: Krizz Kaliko]
See, ever since the beef I've been havin' these dreams
Of killin' ya, triple beams is spillin' your blood
Out your umbilical, I-I never been the killin' type
But gimme the gun and I might just pull it tonight
I'm willin' to fight, but if you got a nine mill' I got another
Nine millimeter that'll get you like BLOW! (blow!)
Why you talkin' loud now?
Thought that when you was facing me I would gracefully bow out now
Can get grim on this nigga (yeah!)
Catch him comin' out the Peach Tree and stomp my Timbs on this nigga (yeah!)
That shit that you talkin' ain't nothin' but gum bumpin'
Bumpin' the gun pumpin'
Most of you niggas don't want nothin', nah
Me and my people, we done frontin'
In fact, if we take it from wax to the streets you done done it
Want beef nigga? Better say that shit
'Cause from around here, nigga, we don't play that shit
Don't let part of your speech make you lose part of your teeth
Cause you ain't hardly hard to me if you want beef from me

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
It's right here, here, yeah, yeah
'Cause if it's on then it's on, if you want it come on
If you want beef, it's right here, here, yeah, yeah
If you want it come on, nigga just say what you want
If you want beef, it's right here, here, yeah, yeah
'Cause if it's on then it's on, if you want it come on
If you want beef, it's right here, here, yeah, yeah
If you want it come on, nigga just say what you want

[Verse 3: Tech N9ne]
Beef is when a nigga run around town talkin'
About you owe him a hundred Gs
Beef is when a nigga tell somebody
He wanna get you when you hear about it overseas
Beef is a nigga that's sinful
Draw a wicked plan out with a stencil
Tell your homeboys falsified info
And that's so he can turn them all against you
Hatin' on you, the bitches and niggas sayin' you wack
When everything you got workin' is play in the back
Go back to crack, go back to sprayin' the gat
'Cause your bullshit rap don't stay on the rack
7th Heaven gonna have to put the shit on auction
Cause the shit ain't poppin', nigga knew it was shockin'
When you was sellin' CDs out of the trunk in Joplin
And I was on tour fuckin' bitches in Oakland
Regime Life nigga, fuck everybody else
Deuce Click-Deuce Click
Damage your body health
Sayin' nobody feel me, well nobody feel you
Police tryin' to tell me how to kill you
When you feel you really wanna jump in the mildew
Ain't no tellin' what niggas with kids will do
Travis O'Guin you know he got bills too
We ain't the ones trippin' nigga it's still you
Never thought I would see the day that I would be speakin'
About a nigga that I called my bro man
But then a nigga really got to thinkin'
I gave 'em 25 thou of mine, Q gave 'em 50 for no damn reason
So the pub I gave you for 25, a hundred Gs, I say we even

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
If you want beef, it's right here, here, yeah, yeah
'Cause if it's on then it's on, if you want it come on
If you want beef, it's right here, here, yeah, yeah
If you want it come on, nigga just say what you want
If you want beef, it's right here, here, yeah, yeah
'Cause if it's on then it's on, if you want it come on
If you want beef, it's right here, here, yeah, yeah
If you want it come on, nigga just say what you want
If you want beef, it's right here