[Intro: Krizz Kaliko]
[?]
But I should have been dead!

[Verse 1: Big Scoob]
I'm a beast from the streets, I'm sweaty and breathing hard
I'm peeping in through the window, he's slipping, puffing cigars
Sipping on some brandy, it's dandy just for a moment
He flaunted now I want it, I plotted and got up on it
Breathing like a demon, proceeding to start my evening
I'm thinking 'bout my heathens, I'm feeding, so I ain't leaving
Destruction as a bust in! Yelling loud and cussing!
Looking like the devil gripping metal, I ain't bluffing!
Take me to the money, [?] just like I told ya
Playing with me only gon' make me cock an explosion
Soldier, told you first time that you met a nigga
Play the game fair or regret you ever met me nigga!

[Hook: Big Scoob & Krizz Kaliko] x2
On a mission out hunting, I'm vicious and look suspicious
Best believe me when I tell you "I will!"
Let me do it, I can do it, been through it but nigga, really?!
I should have been dead!

[Verse 2: Big Scoob]
Moving slow, sitting low, we've been hunting all night
On a mission with precision, 'bout to take this nigga's life
Only bright nigga played me for a large sum of cash
Hope it's worth it, when this choppa get to sing it to his ass!
Whistling bullets singing past, cutting holes through his ass
I forget a lot shit, but I remember all my math
Let it pass, been a year now, I bet he think I'm soft
He was playing checkers, it was chess that I was tought
I'm strategic so believe it, every nigga that has wronged me
Either finished breathing or one evening he won't be!
I wished that it is was different, I didn't have to kill for bread
But this the life I chose, when he shows this nigga's dead

[Hook: Big Scoob & Krizz Kaliko] x2
On a mission out hunting, I'm vicious and look suspicious
Best believe me when I tell you "I will!"
Let me do it, I can do it, been through it but nigga, really?!
I should have been dead!

[Verse 3: Big Scoob]
God's karma man, these niggas let me have it, I was slipping
I was going off the liquor, hella rowdy, I was tripping
Chasing pussy like a rookie and I know I'm out of bounds
Papered-up and flamed-up, nigga showing I'm a hound
All I heard was spittin rounds, from the chop I know the sound
Heard the zing and saw the blades trying to lay me down
Took for cover, so I struggle, trying to keep from passing out
Doing a hundred up the block, I'm in and out, I'm blacking out
Called the homies: "send the missles, just in case I didn't make it"
Want revenge and I can taste it! I was praying that I made it
I didn't ask for forgiveness, I still had to handle business
So as God is my witness, I can't tell you why I'm living

[Hook: Big Scoob & Krizz Kaliko] x2
On a mission out hunting, I'm vicious and look suspicious
Best believe me when I tell you "I will!"
Let me do it, I can do it, been through it but nigga, really?!
I should have been dead!