[Intro: Tech N9ne & Krizz Kaliko]
Drama, drama, drama, drama, drama (Strange Music!)
Drama, drama, drama, drama, drama (New shit!)
Drama, drama, drama, drama, drama (Tech N9ne!)
Drama, drama, drama, drama, drama (Let's go!)

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
Anybody can get it
When it's coming at me, I am with it
Best keep it off of my fam
Bring it this way, then you pay, make you say "God damn!"
K-C-M-O is the place that I'm from
If you live in my city, you grippin' a gun
And we ready for them, who like killin' for fun?
And we get 'em before they get us and they done
I'll be damn if a devil is taking me from
My lil' babies, two ladies, or breakin' thee son
Deep in necropolis they can become
All of your drama is making me (dumb)
I'm in the thick of it, cause they plottin' on me
Not gonna be fistin' it, cause I'm popping only
Better watch your vocals
Cops, politicians, white folks, niggas going postal
Lot of people on some scavenger shit
Now in Missouri, for a gun, I ain't gotta have a permit
Wanna feel that chrome?
I can peel that dome
Just like me, everybody left their chill at home

[Hook: Tech N9ne]
(Drama!)
I'm a real nigga that they wanna kill
So I keep it drama filled, I don't got no kind of chill
(Drama!)
I'm a real nigga that they wanna kill
So I keep it drama filled, I don't got no kind of chill

[Post-hook: Krizz Kaliko]
Yeah, bring that if you got it to bring
I get it, admit it, we on the same thing
I swear that I just wanna ball
But I can end it all with a call if there's drama
That's on my mama nigga

[Verse 2: Tech N9ne]
We don't have them blades
We go in the trunk for what I have then spray
Gonna have to grab them graves
That's what you're gonna get after you catch them (fades)
Everywhere you hear the gunshots
Drama be on everyone's block
Now we be up in the gun shop
Target practice trying to make your lungs stop
Better stack up on your sunblock
Cause the light from the heat that I brung's hot
Kill my fam, I hope that everyone rots
And your family goody goody gumdrops (yeah)
I'm in the thick of it, 'cause she lying on me
If she send them to get me, everybody dying homie
But not me, not me
Got my shooters for any intruders that I see
House alarm is red, been wanting a set
I was born to bless so nobody harms the Tech
So come one, come all, you want us to numb y'all
Making everyone fall dead up on their gun law

[Hook: Tech N9ne]
(Drama!)
I'm a real nigga that they wanna kill
So I keep it drama filled, I don't got no kind of chill
(Drama!)
I'm a real nigga that they wanna kill
So I keep it drama filled, I don't got no kind of chill

[Post-hook: Krizz Kaliko]
Yeah, bring that if you got it to bring
I get it, admit it, we on the same thing
I swear that I just wanna ball
But I can end it all with a call if there's drama
That's on my mama nigga

[Outro: Tech N9ne]
Strange Music
E-S-T 2000
2017, we still
We Still
Kill everything
Tech
N9ne