[Intro: Tech N9ne]
Say ho, can I ask you a question?
Would you happen to have any great punan?

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
Eenie meanie miny ho, choosing bitches at my show
Tryna get you at the mo, poppin' x and smokin' dope
Eenie meanie miny ho, come in here and close the do'
On the bed or on the flo', I'm about to let it go
Do you solemnly swear to put that bottom in the air
And do you promise it'll be bare so I can bop it?
Twist it, pull it, hair is in my palm as we share
Pull off the magnum and teach prayer and then I get off it
Who else wants some, who else wants some of debo?
Where'd she go, the one I saw shopping at the little bitty waist 38 double D though
I've seen more H O E's go home with me, holy toledo
I greet those thickest ones with the homeboy Frame and Krizz Kali-ko

[Hook: Wide Frame]
Which one? Pick one! Anybody know?
This one that one if she wanna go
If she trippin' gotta let her know
It's 10 bitches right outside the do'
Eenie meanie miny, eenie meanie miny ho
Eenie meanie miny, eenie meanie miny ho
Eenie meanie miny, eenie meanie miny woah
Eenie meanie miny, eenie meanie miny ho

[Verse 2: Krizz Kaliko]
Girl gimme that, okay yeah I said it
Come here let me fill you with some of this here unleaded
She's a magician cause nobody knows right where her head went
I hate the strip club cause I never know where my bread went
I'm the best thing since squozed milk, I told her, hold her
Let me see one of them over the shoulder boulder holders
And if she lite-bright then we might fight with the lights out (Okay)
Tell her I might bite her in the pine, take my slice out (Okay)
Kali baby I got chicks in different zip codes
They love the way I Busta Rhymes, like I'm from Flipmode (Huh!)
I know I'm fat, I'm not trippin' girl get me exposed (Okay)
If you ain't with it I'm moving onto the next ho
Move onto the next chick! (Hey) And get her ahh and ooing
Take her to the room and she know what I really be doin' to her and
Like an hour later, some now some later
I know ya shake ya hips for tips but I'll be damned if I pay ya, tell em!

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Tech N9ne]
Eh, just got gnarly, cause one just said
To her friend I hope he don't card me
You're not invited to my swar-ee, SORRY
I mean soirée (What's that?) Party!
Didn't ya see, Weird Science bitch, we're the defiant clique
But we fear the lyin' chicks tryin' to get N9ne's dick
On to the next one step into my section
Get some, flesh done, in bed I'm redrum
I ain't even gotta cake these ladies, well I'mma cake a little
So I can lay these, but she don't
Require cake, straight wanna take D's
So I just said, Anna Mae just take the cake please

[Hook]