[Intro: Krizz Kaliko]
All aboard? Party train!

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
It's your birthday
Put your hands in the air, air
Keep 'em there like you don't care
Happy birthday (Hey!)
That's your song, tell the DJ, "Put it back on"

It's your birthday
Put your hands in the air, air
Keep 'em there like you don't care
Happy birthday (Kick it, kick it!)
All night long, feel the [?] to tie one on

[Verse 1: Krizz Kaliko]
Eh yo, order another drink, I don't care what you think
I'm getting drunk as a skunk, throw up in the sink
It's a celebration, bitches, bottoms up, break the dishes
Sick and delicious, both my birthday wishes

Super-doo
One or two, i'll be scoopin you
Mix up a pitcher with Caribou Lou
I'm thinking it's a P-A-R-T-Y
Cause I got it
Ain't leaving 'till I empty out my bottle
Grab another round before last call
Not for them clowns
Talking loud but got a glass jaw
I'm so toe-up like my eyes about to blast off
Slow motion, I can't hear you with that fast talk
(Slow it down, baby)
And get a handle on it
I be your birthday cake
Blow out the candle on it and I want it
Cause it's plenty 'iancas around
We won't stop 'till they close this place down, happy birthday

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]

[Verse 2: Krizz Kaliko]
Mix up a concoction
The girlies is watcin'
They know I'm Kali-baby, wanna see Mr. Watson
I know that they boppin'
I pull up in a Datsunn
Pull the sexiest hot one and the party is poppin'
It's your Birthday, shorty
It's your party
Dance on top of the table like oh my Lordi
Pick up something to sip on
Ain't nothing to trip on
This club is jumpin' for certain, whenever they puttin' Krizz on
You like fat guys?
Well, I like fat thighs, chicks
About your size with, with backpacks rising
She like my swagger
Say that I could have her
But we trying to kick it, I can get to that right after
1-50-1 and Rumple Minze
To the car, you're stumblin'
Your speech is kinda mumbled and with your keys, you're fumblin'
Pack 'em in your Jeep, you're 'bout four deep
(You going nowhere)
Ya ass half asleep
You're kicking it for your

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Tech N9ne]
Drank so much I'm falling down, falling down, crawling 'round
Drank so much I'm falling down, it's my birthday
Help me up, Kali (Come on, man) I think I gotta pee
(Get up) I'mma go into this alley so nobody can see
I know it's a ill hood, but I think I still should
Wait for it! Ahh, now that feel real good
I think I'm about to be a sack (hic) sack filler
And we're both drunk so give the keys to Makzilla
A birthday ain't the same without booze (Let's hit Denny's)
No, no, don't talk about food! (Apple pie)
For real mane I'm back down on my knees
I'm hoping I don't get no liquor disease (Macaroni and cheese)
Oh God, no, please (Haha!)
I think I had too many KC Teas!

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]