[Intro: Tech N9ne]
People jeffin' my checks be nice sums
By the way the way that I talk you can guess where I'm from

[Hook:]
Kansas City! Kansas City!
Kansas City, Kansas City, Kansas City

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
Hell yeah, I was born in Wayne Miner, projects
Most people carry them waistliner, objects
904 Michigan Imma grow kickin' them rhymes and flow quick 'n in time that's what made N9ner progess
This is history Young Rich and Dun-deala team up with Mr. T
Even though none of our names are listed, we grew up with
Ollie, Ollie, Ollie, Ollie Gates and I got all my jolly and gaudiness from Maudie Yates
City staple like "Go Chicken Go" get dough, the most dickin' flow
When I'm rollin' all around the globe I be fo' sure missin' MO'
In my city man I really love the fitties though they gritty
How bad is talkin' down like we itty-bitty, pretty
You better be, wrapped up when the weather freeze
Threat in the dead of summer, super sweat on your head degrees let it free
That is me on the home I put cheddar cheese
Tech'll be reppin' definitely I betcha I never leave...

[Hook:]
Kansas City! (Born) Kansas City! (Love)
Kansas City, Kansas City, Kansas City (Hell yeah)

[Verse 2: The Popper]
We bring the energy, the electricity to volts
We the Kansas City hearbeat, we Kansas City pulse
This past post day, Jordan got us crispy
Truce was a slave owner Google up that history
Kansas Citian's out of town, root hearted
In Dallas at Wizards in Atlanta at U-Bar
In my blue car, rollin' with that merch on me
I'm K.C. till I'm 6 in the dirt homie
Kansas City it'll make you or break you
Shortcut through the hood 7-1 straight through
Stay true to the turf rep it like Shane Ray
Tatted on his back with the towel in his game day
Strange laid the foundation landmark major factor
Name's raised sky high now they raise the rafters (Raise the rafters)
A victory for our hometown if they didn't know me (Who's The Popper?)
Now they know me

[Hook:]
Kansas City! Kansas City!
Kansas City, Kansas City, Kansas City

[Verse 3: Rich The Factor]
K.C.'s the town, home of the go-getters
I've been stackin' for years we gettin' more skrilla
Chiefs on Sunday, we tailgate and root for em
I'm like a young Andy Reid that's how I move on em
Coastin' through town, stayin' mostly through the town
Push a foreign through the turf I be floatin' through the town
Yeah, when a deal go down I'm probably in on it
We like the Royals we hustle until we win
We need some goggles all these champagne bottles poppin'
Campaignin' with Tech N9ne and the homie Popper
K.C. brims and shirts you know we stay reppin'
Peachtree or Niece's for a big breakfast
Club Empire standin' on the club sofas
Rockin' fresh Force Ones like they some Gucci loafers
Blockstars and rockstars like the Doobie Brothers
Holla at our city come on go head and say it for us

[Hook:]
Kansas City! Kansas City!
Kansas City, Kansas City, Kansas City
Kansas City! Kansas City!
Kansas City, Kansas City, Kansas City
Kansas City! Kansas City!
Kansas City, Kansas City, Kansas City
Kansas City! Kansas City!
Kansas City, Kansas City, Kansas City