[Intro: Tech N9ne]
This is the trip
The best part I really really like
Yeah, I'm proud to be a part of this number, ha ha ha
Ayo, Kali, kill 'em

[Verse 1: Krizz Kaliko]
Kali baby
Know we claim we insane, seeing Strange do the same thing
Drain the main vein on mainstream they plain Janes
Tell 'em wake it off, tell 'em knock it off, (mine, mine)
Tell 'em if they penciling to pick 'em off (like the primetime)
Coming out the middle is the reason we done took so long
Give 'em just a little when they d-d-do it to my song
I'll make you do a song, sick it to you a song
Fluids keep movin' in the middle with pillows they chewing on
Other rappers ain't compatible, they be fallible
If you wanna challenge me - battle me, better saddle up
I whoop 'em out of love, seal it by pittlin' pattlin'
Tittle and tattle 'em, rattle 'em 'til they had enough
And like old liquor Kali can speak easy, be easy
If I lick her, Kali can freak easy, yo breezy
Little shitter and I can P.E. on M.C's
And if they differ from me they can eat me in season
Ah huh, I'm ripping my mouth off
And niggas that mouth off, I'm taking they top off
I'm the dope and you are the drop-off
My niggas are not soft, the ignorants pop off, hot sauce
I'm coming from the land of the barbie
Where niggas'll off me if I don't give 'em my car keys
Better not start me, pick up a clip in a heartbeat
Sit in the star seat, I get to killing 'em softly
W-W-Why you gotta do it on me on the ch-ch-choppers
When I did it in the beginning, I hit it on it
Just the type of me to show 'em I'm a c-c-c-c-c
I tend to put 'em in a blender but I spit-ed on it
See they be shaking the fact
Put a snake into the record for the sake of the bat (Kali!)
Uh, maybe stay where ya at
'Cause it’s safer than racing for paper you may never have (Kali!)
That Krizz cray
Better yet call me Kali baby
Really deliver any kind of way
I slowed it down to make it easier to say
Totally awesome dude
I'm a predator and y'all some food
Better if I was offin' you
From up here it's a pretty damn awesome view
And a moment of silence, we just lost a few, shh
Ah huh, bring it back now

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
You already know the outcome
How 'bout turnin' up the volume
And watch me kill shit!
You already know what I'm talking 'bout
If you don't understand the words that's coming out my mouth
Then watch me kill shit!

[Verse 2: Twista]
Twista!
They call me Mr. Malevolent
With a style to show that I'm another pistol that's elegant
Kaliko to cut the throat of me, no controllin' me
Nickin' every syllable that's strong enough to lift up an elephant, ahh
I can sense that you're as soft as a moccasin
I can send niggas at you and have 'em take away your oxygen
I could then murder you in another dimension
Of diabolical proportions as I find a portal and lock 'em in
Eat the key up then re-up, I'm gone
See the way that I re-up, a G up, I'm on
Now I'mma hang my feet up from Reeboks, it's on
Nigga this ain't a game, put your Wii up, I'm grown
I'm general militia and you be feelin' every person
Though everybody can spit it but we still a very
Packin' so much artillery, we are like a military
Ain't no tellin' how many bodies we 'bout to kill and bury
Gimme the block then I'mma ball, because I be tippin'
Spending the money when I'm in the mall, I try to be different
Different kinda clothes, other kinda shoes
When the hoes see the swag
They be askin' if they can come and kick it
Shorty what you talkin' 'bout?
Just get your homies and come with it
I'm over here gettin' throwed up in the limousine
Now I got a drunken fast flow
But it don't matter I can still blow the whole party to smithereens
Splittin' words in the middle like Kali-
Ko, we killin' 'em 'cause you put together a team
As if you was Pat Riley
'Cause ain't nobody compara-
Ble to us if you want it then you know what it mean
Twista!

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
You already know the outcome
How 'bout turnin' up the volume
And watch me kill shit!
You already know what I'm talking 'bout
If you don't understand the words that's coming out my mouth
Then watch me kill shit!

[Verse 3: Tech N9ne]
A. Yay-Yay-Yay-Yay-Yates
You don’t know the handle then you a day late
Death and destruction - it is they fate
'Cause when I get up on a track, it'll be like wait!
Sick 'em the lip and get to flippin', you be the victim
When I’ma pick 'em off, fix 'em with a quick and I’ma knock the vision off of niggas
No living, giving or iggin' on the rigorous
Look at this, will somebody look at this - I be killing it!
Put up or shut up, get up, we cut up, it's animosity
Foot in ya gut up, bullet for colors I’m an atrocity, wicked
I wretch around, I wrench it off and rip it
I’d rather be red and ready then running with the rigits
Don’t be stupid, if you got a minute better run away
You better jump or slump in mucus, never gonna put the gun away
You better back up off of me or get it, admit it
I’m killing off everybody and then it's acquitted
And we knocking, he stopping, never can beat the cleverness
She jocking, me cocking, coming to get the head of the Chula
I shoot her because of lots a Gouda
That dude'll be foolery, because I shocked the ruler
A. Yay-Yay-Yay-Yay-Yay yank 'em!
When he thinking he better than N9na I gotta spank him!
Shank him with the thang
For thinking that we'll come and give up the game
We hang the really bane in my sanctum!
They don’t really wanna see me
Tecca N9na eating your whole supper like ziti
When I get to going, I smoke a nigga like a Bidi
I’m leaving 'em all dead, lips blacker than Miss Celie!

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
You already know the outcome
How 'bout turnin' up the volume
And watch me kill shit!
You already know what I'm talking 'bout
If you don't understand the words that's coming out my mouth
Then watch me kill shit!