[Intro: Tech N9ne]
Play my records like I've taken the big ride!
Like a deadly virus killin' me inside!
I know you sucker DJs got a lot of pride
All jokes aside, even though I'm still alive

[Hook: Tech N9ne]
Play my music like I died! (To the DJ)
Like the Nina ain't alive! (Quit the replay)
Like I took the long ride! (My D-Day)
Like everybody loved my music and the whole world cried

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
Like I was hidin' in a cave keepin' all my soldiers enraged
Get em' all to the USA for mo' drama!
But the U.S. soldiers were brave and they found my cave, did a raid
.50 calibers sprayed and the grave said Osama!
Cause of death: severe frontal lobe trauma!
When I resurrected, neglected to go rama!
"Gone I'm sho gone a" show that you has no honor
Haunt the White House, but I got ectoplasma from Obama!
Like I snatched a lady up in my old Honda!
Then it turned out to be it was Kimbo's mama!
Get her back to the crib where I kill and I grow ganja
She flipped and stuck a nigga then beat me to death with my chrome llama!
Like I'm a gangsta rappin' with no monetery gain
Ain't no fame or no nanna, no genre!
Like I broke into cots to get lyrics
And got murked by Sinéad O'Connor!

[Hook: Tech N9ne] (x2)
Play my music like I died! (To the DJ)
Like the Nina ain't alive! (Quit the replay)
Like I took the long ride! (My D-Day)
Like everybody loved my music and the whole world cried

[Verse 2: Craig Smith]
Play my music like
Like I was Michael in the ICU
Probably be watchin' the news
Hopin' that I'll be cool
Paintin' pictures of my album covers
Remember where you was the day you heard
I was in the grave being played number 8
He was the hero
In the air, The Untamed
Most imaginative renegade
Never got played
Feel like I'm Superman, but nobody's in danger
Die for the salvation of music, born in a manger
Hypothetically ready to get up and set it off
On a stage, but a hater ran up and let it off
So every time I'm, brought up online
Change your statuses to commemorate the young one
"Mr. Smith, the late, great, the bomb"
Be sad when you realize the best is gone
And when it happens, you probably gon' be rapping along
I massacred them other rappers with songs
So play my music like I died

[Hook: Tech N9ne] (x2)
Play my music like I died! (To the DJ)
Like the Nina ain't alive! (Quit the replay)
Like I took the long ride! (My D-Day)
Like everybody loved my music and the whole world cried

[Verse 3: Krizz Kaliko]
Like I got Herpagonasyphilaids (Gone!)
Wrists slit, with a razor blade of my (Own!)
Like I was in a car wreck couldn't stop my neck from snappin'
Run up in the dope spot and try to stop 'em from trappin'
Try to make niggas and Aryans brothers
Run up on Crips n' Bloods
Tell 'em they both wearing the wrong colors
Like I let a mass gunman approach me
Went to Michael Jackson's doctor and asked him if he can dose me
Told Shauntay Henderson that I love her
Dead, from hittin' superhead without a rubber
Cavose and overdose and hits of X pills
Was in Brother Lynch's kitchen when he plotted his next kill
Like I frequently vacation in Haiti
Raped a Vegas hooker, told her pimp he should pay me
At OJ's house and creepin' out with his Lady
Before he shaved me I'd holla, "Kali Baby!"

[Hook: Tech N9ne]
Play my music like I died! (To the DJ)
Like the Nina ain't alive! (Quit the replay)
Like I took the long ride! (My D-Day)
Like everybody loved my music and the whole world cried
Play my music like I diiiiiiied! (To the DJ)
Like the Nina ain't aliiiiiiiive! (Quit the replay)
Like I took the long riiiiide! (My D-Day)
Like everybody loved my music and the whole world cried

[Outro: Tech N9ne]
Play my Music like I died...
Like the Nina ain't alive...
Like I took the long ride...
Like everybody loved my music and the whole world cried