[Hook x2: Futuristic]
No touching, please
No, no, no, no touching, please
No touching, please
No, no, no, no, no touching, please

[Verse 1: Futuristic]
These niggas can't touch me, cause my flow is so disgusting
Got me laughing, got them, ha, ha, spit that lava, I'm erupting
Futuristic came from nothing, then i turnt it into something
And all of my hits are hard, just like a nigga playing rugby
Fresh on the scene, with a motherfucking cool flow
Lil nigga, but i stand tall like my new pole
Young girls on me, like a sling in a group home
Ladies think I'm cute, like a lil kid jewfro
You know, what I'm about to do though
Knock it out the park, like I'm Albert Pujols
Baby, I'm a star, see me next to pluto
Niggas getting ate with the bars, kudos
And all my flows is tighter than a freaking virgin
I'm not a phone, but everywhere I go, I get good service
These haters sweating when they next to me, I get them nervous
And all I do is keep on rapping, like a freaking turban
That's that shit that get them hype a lot, I'm on a roll, I bike alot
Climbing up the charts, I hike alot
They say you're dope, I say sike alot
Cause you not fucking with me and no I'm not a stripper
But there's no touching me

[Hook x2: Futuristic]

[Verse 2: Krizz Kaliko]
You couldn't touch me with a ten foot, input
My foot to niggas asses, fed up with man
Im teaching classics
You be blind to the son of sams, geeks put on your glasses
He be preaching to the masses, be receiving them scholastics
Ice cold and i keep 'em shivering
Listen to way i deliver, i can't get rid of them, oh
And i g-g-get er' done, couldn't touch me if you was a chair I'm sitting on
My flow so ignorant, rapped all off on my pigment
Ladies be digging it, tell me use the same tongue to lick 'em with, (okay)
But I'm all about the dollars, i be keeping em off
Freak em a little, then i tell em get your dick beaters off
We even Steven if you think you can compete with the boss
But breathin' heaven if you think you get this beef without sauce
Im to the rescue, hip-hop don't worry i won't let them hurt you
Cause they pimp you like some hoes from the next nigga to give the skirt to, (okay)
And ain't no texi Kali baby don't be touchin' on me
That means don't put your hands on me unless i got something on me

[Hook x2: Futuristic]

[Verse 3: Marcus Yates]
Nan nana boo
What the fuck do Oob do?
He be secrete like a guru
Chillin, peelin clemens
On another end of a renaissance
Get them lines?... No
"Dumb it down a little"
But-I'm-fly, Catapillar
In a category mastered by disaster so
The blessings come right after nigga
This gon make sense next year
Next year's verse pay off for the rest years
ISO!!
Details collide with the right flow
How'd the mic hold up? As I glance at my geico cup, shit, I might Poe up
One high nigga? Two hold bucks?
Should I spend it on two whole fucks?
Her fine ass, I'll save it if she say please don't touch
Put two cents of it in the video
Germaphobe screaming " Here we go!!" In the background
After the editors edit
They put me on TV
But look how THEY act now...
Shaq nigga posted Mugsy for the back down
That would be unfair to you
I'm a heir to who?
Flares in the air for the stars to see me Evolu...
Back in body form for a revolu...
I wish a monkey would. (Wood)
And my wish was granted cause it left you monkeys standing like
Dada daaa dada daa dada dada daaa
Dada daaaaaaaayummm
No touching please?
No touching please?
No touching please?
No touching please?