Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa

[Verse 1]
OK! Hey!
Most definitely, Kaliko and his (HEY!) for sure
Most definitely, you wanna make it, gotta pay for more (Ooh!)
It feels kinda funny to spend the rent money
We tell me to tell me to get the grip from me
Baby girl is like the type I'd like to wife tonight
I eat her up like Mike and Ikes
I'm leanin' so I might tonight (OK!)
She had a rack and a fat backpack on her
She know I'm Kali Baby so I drop a stack on her
Somebody stop me now
A minute ever didn't never pat me down
Like how she workin' out
She shakin' makin' lotta dollars touch the ground
I'm in the tittie club with Tech and Mugs and Teddy Pain
We throwin' money in the air like it ain't a thang
Richies tippin' the strippers missing they G-strings
Girlies runnin' on the Kali, 'bout to make it rain

[Chorus]
Rain dance!
Make it rain (shout!) shake everything
It's trickin' if ya got it and it's trickin' if ya bought it
Rain dance! (Hey!)
Make it rain (shout!) shake everything
Maybe ya got that body better hold on to your wife
Rain dance! (HEY)
Oh oh oh oh uh uh uh oh oh oh uh-oh
Oh oh oh oh uh uh uh oh oh oh
Oh oh oh oh uh uh uh oh oh oh
This money don't mean nothing cause the tips are free

[Verse 2]
Eyes wide open, my options on my opticals
A fun bunch be off on rum punch
See where I'm bout to go HAM
She know who I am
She told me I can play her and follow her and take her hand
DWAMN!
So we off in the div off room, to get some live off cost
If you a regular dude
But I'm the boss, and the clothes fall off of em
Off to em
And doze all off of her, when I'm gettin off
And I'm flossing these sneaks
Snake and a bat they know my pockets big
And I'm awesome in here, they watch 'em bop
Know I got lots to give (OK!)
Share the wealth I got enough for myself
Make it drizzle just a little if you have any left
And I'mma make it rain I put that on the strange chain
Y'all call yourselves some ballas all of y'all should do the same thang

[Chorus]
Rain dance!
Make it rain (shout!) shake everything
It's trickin' if ya got it and it's trickin' if ya bought it
Rain dance! (Hey!)
Make it rain (shout!) shake everything
Maybe ya got that body better hold on to your wife
Rain dance! (HEY)
Oh oh oh oh uh uh uh oh oh oh
Throwin' money in the air like a hey! hey! fool
Rain dance!
Oh oh oh oh uh uh uh oh oh oh
Y'all ain't foolin' with the Kali got my money
Rain dance!

[Verse 3]
Need ya throwin' money this a-way and that a-way!
If you ain't like it down baby girl then that a-way!
You ain't even tryin' to tip her, stiff her
Like Christopher get with her if you ain't spending your tips with her!
Oh, I don't know what I was thinkin' comin' in here c'ause every time I fall in love
But maybe she'll be leaving with me if I can pay her enough ooooh oooh ooh

Rain Dance!