[Intro: Tech N9ne]
This song is dedicated to Brian B'zle Dennis
And all of the 57th Street Rogue Dog Villians
Real riot makers

[Bridge: Tech N9ne]
This one right here's for the riot makers!
The moshers, the stompers and jaw breakers!
We gon' start this shit off right!
We got KCMO in the house tonight!
We gon' start this shit off right! (Off right!)
We got Tecca N9na in the house tonight! Come on!

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
This is the moment for riders and thugs
Strippers in body bags, zippers and violence and drugs
Poverty, a bunch of minorities die in the club
They say my music's making 'em lose it, I write it in blood
This is my music for all my people missing my music
Keep listening to it, and like I said, get a pistol and use it
Satan shot my homie Maintain with a missile and blew it
For the industry, 'cause he was one of the truest
I don't know why they be pumpin', it's somethin'
Maybe in the music wanna be bumpin'
It's crunk and it's hella haterific
Throw your set up in the air is all the DJ really wanna play
When it's over it's looking bloody and satanistic
Killas from everywhere listen to me when I be bustin' shit
I'm turbulence, some get nervous when I wreck arenas
Concert promoters in Honolulu don't wanna see me
'Cause they say that Samoans will riot on Tecca N9na

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko & Tech N9ne]
'Cause I'm a riot maker! That's if you don't know
I'm a riot maker! They mosh at my shows
I'm a riot maker! And I come out bustin'
I'm a riot maker! Riot maker!
I don't give a damn about nothing!
Slide Freaker, I'm a skyscraper
Riot maker

[Verse 2: Tech N9ne]
Hop in a mosh pit for sho!
You push, you shove, you get elbowed!
Back on, 'cause this for Fat-Tone and Mac Dre
All of the soldiers who got gone on that day
All my people's sittin' in prison this is for you
So won't you listen to the shit that I'm spittin?
Fuck the law man the government they'll hem yo ass up
They'll do everything in their power to get a fast buck
No right or wrongs, just killer bees out for your honeycomb
But you'll find out, when you bind out, you can be free if your money long
Ever been to one of my shows? Yeah, it might be crazy
In Ohio, a chick got a little too hyphy, baby
Stage diving and crowd surfing, couldn't hold back
But they dropped her, now she's unconscious with her skull cracked
Now when this happened it wasn't even during my set
They wanted me to give a signed poster to the hospital, bet
When Travis told me we got papers I thought he was playin'
This bitch is suin' Tecca N9na for one hundred grand!

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko & Tech N9ne]
'Cause I'm a riot maker! That's if you don't know
I'm a riot maker! They mosh at my shows
I'm a riot maker! And I come out bustin'
I'm a riot maker! Riot maker!
I don't give a damn about nothing!
Slide Freaker, I'm a skyscraper
Riot maker

[Bridge 2: Tech N9ne]
Stand back if you're frightened!
Yeah! Get back 'cause we fightin'!
I'm a skyscraper
That's why everybody in my path is trynna get a little piece of my paper
Man I swear the N9na will never love them, plug them
When I'm rollin' with Skatterman and Snug Brim!

[Verse 3: Skatterman]
It's Skatterman, cat, Strange Music's black sheep (Why?)
'Cause I'm still countin' money off the back streets
Every city, every show, I got to pack heat
This ain't no fucking rap song, check my rap sheet
I'm one of a kind, turn one into nine
Blow your head of your shoulders, dog, it's nothin' but time
And I never raise my voice, you a bum, why should I holler on you?
With a whisper I can drop a couple dollars on you
Sss, sss! Sick them rottweilers on you
Killers bustin out the windows of Impalas on you
A made man in the streets, I made grams
Wrote lyrics about my life, dropped an album, and made fans
Now I'm chillin' on the tour with the red-head wonder
Did 57 shows in a three month summer
Any deuce bitch ass nigga fuckin with Tech
Gonna be found in Swope Park with his nuts in his neck

[Verse 4: Snug Brim]
Like you ain't know, we put it down like this
Snug Brim, Kansas City, Missouri, uzi, groupies, doobies, and fins
Suzy Qs ain't no excuse for the sin, so watch your tongue
If you woopin' we come to shootin' up at you and your bitch
You just assume you tried the shoes, they ain't fit
You never knew that I lose you off in the section with your dude in the ditch
Whether it's reppin dog, or movin' them bricks
I keep it gutta little homie, look my records, see I'm doin' it big
As you can tell I ain't no regular nigga I'm filled with star qualities
I hang out with bitches that's naked and watch the broad swallow me
It's always solo, you can't fake it.. so don't try ta follow me
You still can't get back up on your feet
You right back where you ought to be
I see you failin' 'cause Strange Music got it locked boy
Invest your stock boy, Kansas City hot boy
It's really fuck a hater, some some weed, get ya paper
You can see me now or later, motherfuckin' riot maker

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko & Tech N9ne]
'Cause I'm a riot maker! That's if you don't know
I'm a riot maker! They mosh at my shows
I'm a riot maker! And I come out bustin'
I'm a riot maker! Riot maker!
I don't give a damn about nothing!
Slide Freaker, I'm a skyscraper
Riot maker

[Outro: Tech N9ne]
We will, shut this motherfucka down!
We will, tear up your motherfuckin' town!
Since 1985.. Six, six, triple eight, forty six, ninety nine, three..
Welcome to Everready... En-enjoy