[Intro]
Tech: Wow that was like "DWAM" baby, you know?
Woman: Mmmm, not for me
Tech: Damn, like that?
Woman: I don't know what that was, but uhhh...
Tech: You make me wish I was fucking somebody else
So I could do you right you know I mean?
Woman: What!?

[Hook: Tech N9ne & Krizz Kaliko]
You make me wish I was fucking somebody else
So I can do you right (Do you, Do you right)
I'm working through the night (I'm working through the night)
'Til the morning light
Then you want me to go inside

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
I be gone, I never got time
To be throwin' every woman that N9ne
But that's all that be on my mind
I be spending all my time, pursuing that rhyme
I be always on my grind
But when my lady wanna get it from behind
Gotta be breaking that backwards and be shaking the sack
It'll be quick in the crack getting it laid from no slacking
Like Hell yeah! C'mon!
She's scared like I got a gun on
Looking at me like a nigga done wrong
Gonna moan and I hope that it ain't anyone home
I'm 'bout to knock it out the box bitch
Gonna make it blow a shock and
Rock it, bop it, bout to pop it
I'mma never ever stop it, akee-kee-kee!
Cause I ain't had none in weeks, I'm geeked
Scorpio a freak-a-leak
I go deep than peek
Do it in the back of my Mercedes, ooh
You make me spray baby goo
Premature, aww damn girl look what you made me do!

[Hook] (2X)

[Verse 2: Krizz Kaliko]
If I had a side piece, I could dump her something
Somebody else is wrong to jump in, always think I'm up to something
Girl I'm only tryna function
You can't hear nothing when I'm talkin' and you sayin' something
Put it in lame and same that your brain just to explain
I can't stain when your gums is bumpin'
You keep on thinkin' I'm creepin'
Whenever I'm leavin' we beefin' and I ain't done nothing wrong
My phone used to blow up on the reggie
Calmed it down a few you do the fool
Still actin' edgy
But I got something to calm you
When you be up at night
How's 'bout you play the plumbing?
And I come lay the pipe (Okay!)
Always talkin' 'bout something wrong
But I fix it real quick, didn't I?
Always singing that same old song
That there's another chick that I'm with - get rid of her!
Puttin' it down like I'm 'posed to do it
My phone ain't 'posed to view it
Something to say and I bet you spew it
It's like this everyday when we go through it
Than it's back to lovin' like we used to
We cool for a minute
Kali baby see right through ya
It's a fiendish plot to make ya scream and stop
Whether I cheat or not
I wish I was loving somebody else
So you can either leave or not (Okay!)

[Hook] (2X)

[Outro: Krizz Kaliko]
Hey, you really make me wanna do
The things that I ain't 'posed to do
Wish I was lovin' on somebody else
Don't want nobody else, baby but you
You really make me wanna do
The things that I win't 'posed to do
Make me wish I was lovin' on somebody else
Don't want nobody else, baby but you
You really make me wanna do
The things that I ain't 'posed to do
And I wish i was lovin' on somebody else
Don't want nobody else, baby but you