[Verse 1: Krizz Kaliko]
Listen, I can pick apart your cypher, if you lifted get you higher
Not my pentacle (pinnacle?), I'm flyer then most of the shit you buyin'
Niggas couldn't see me if my vitiligo was neon
Nose in the air, staring at the planet that He on
Scratch you off my balls with my paws, y'all be gone
Effortlessly F 'em, left 'em jeffing, my nuts they be on
Get out my feelings what they telling me
But I’m the shit, you smelling me?
And I refuse to rep any letter, this ain’t no spelling bee
So what I’m saying, ain’t no question who the man is
Kali take his chances with you Janets
I’mma keep on talking reckless, brothers left em respective efforts to dap em in
Used to be in love with the pen, don’t know what’s happening
Bread ain't matching the abstract
Rapping to how that's happening?
Industries tellin' me money's funny, now how's that happening?
Kali baby, I'm the greatest of all time
Came to Team Backpack, I can save you if y'all dying
"He raps whack", and if you say it then y'all lying
I seen that cat, maybe it was with Tech N9ne!
Haheh Kali Baby!

[Verse 2: Futuristic]
Before I start this shit, my name is Futuristic
My name is Futuristic, said it twice in case you missed it
My fans is little kids, to their parents they throwin' bitch fits
Like "lemme go to his concert" my album is on they wish list
So I drop it close to Christmas, do it for the misfits
Lil' nigga pullin' bitches, I'm a mack scratch the midget
Get it? Midget Mack,intelligence where you lackin' at
My DJ in the back he like a cat he just be scratching tracks
Took yo' bitch can't have her back, kickin' it like hackysacks
We passed her then we passed her back we flipped that bitch like acrobats
My talent, y'all ain't half of that, get em hype like afrojack
Serial killa, eatin' this niggas like they Apple Jacks™
Used to think this act was whack? nah that ain't the case at all
This shit ain't a game, and these niggas is playing BASEketball (That's a funny movie)
Anyways face it y'all, the industry is getting crowded, bitch there ain't no space for y'all
And I'm talking like I'm running shit, but I'm not yet
But I'm bout to blow so consider this the bomb threat
I'm next, so show me respect like a Vietnam Vet
And my music Strange like Kaliko and that nigga Tech's!
Uh, but before a nigga gone, Tell a friend, to tell a ho, to tell your wife, to tell your mom
Put this on your CD-Rom, Futuristic is the bomb, Download at Onlyfuturistic.com
Bitch ass nigga!

[Verse 3: Black Pegasus]
I'm Black P, full name, Black Pegasus
Got bitches pissing on themselves, like the exorcist
Let your American Idol make my lumber good, holdin my balls, is what she Carrie Underwood
Fate can be scary, but I ain't fuckin' running, I feel like morning sex, cause I'm up and coming
They looking out for the God like Armageddon, cause your as exciting as an Amish Wedding
These record deals, A Bunny Ranch, jobs apps, you get fucked as soon as you sign the contract
So all this industry shit, I ain't on that so you can wrap what i bust, no bra strap
On the bus we all fucking your dame I'm the lightrail conductor, yeah I'm runnin' the train Hah!
Your girl swallowed every child we nutted, and Freddy Krueger couldn't fit more kids in his stomach, uh
Why do I rap about sex when I'm bustin Free's? cause this game is filled with a whole lot of fuckery
You know the drill, quit acting stupid now, you want the crown? first, take this root canal, blaow!

[Verse 4: Jeff Turner]
Tell me, what hell is this thing we call human nature?
Got us over populated, there's a lot of youth in Asia
And I'm stressed out everyday, got the world on top of me
A lightskinned leader puffin' on Barack-oli
Like I'm the president, I mean what I say and I say what I mean
Like a that elephant and not for the hell of it
I'm molding my road composed of Yellow bricks
And I wanna get free this year, of the snakes whispering
Globe shaped tumor, I'm trying to get rid of this fear
Cursed with this gifture to spit these verbs and adjectives, that mixed with herbs and dipped in the best rays of the sun, get 'em
Microphone murderers, flatten the earths curvature, and we ain't Captain Kirk
We don't set phasers to stun, kill 'em
And this side of me still scared of rejection, forever chasing the fleeting illusion of perfection
Now I'm just trying learn from these things that I've seen, I'mma do what I yabba dabba do, you yadda-mean? hah!