[Intro]
"I ain't no killer but dont push me"
"If you creep up in Krizz' house, yo ass ain't gon' be walkin' out"
"So I guess I'll pull an 'OJ'"

[Verse 1: Krizz Kaliko]
I'm very truthful when I'm bussin'
Get my point across, minimal cussin' (Y'all know the deal)
Looking like a wild boy, but I'm really a choir boy
Most niggas wanna tell you when they bluffin' (Then they keep it real)
No more Mr. Nice Guy, doubt I
Ever be the same if you shout my
Way, I don't speak in vain, I'm Christian but keep a thang
And Christopher’s patience is 'bout dry, homie
Toughie-toughie you niggas been since I had the huffy
Never bluffin', a good boy, mommy and daddy loved me
A few scufflin' scuffed knees left bullies up above me
Eyes puffy, they only living 'cause they be lucky
But my bigger brother told me, "Take another ass whooping and see"
If I don’t rock-em sock-em robot he bendin' me over his knee
He showed me the one hitter quitter
They bigger then hit 'em in the liver
Open up a can and then deliver
Killa

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
What? You want me to be a..
(Killa) Don’t bring out the things in me
You can’t see when I smile
(Killa) Take me to that place, I’ll stay a while
What? You want me to just wild out on you
Or to see me clown, now, don’t you?
Want me to be a killa…?
For a minute, forget who I am
You’d be a wannabe

[Interlude: Krizz Kaliko]
So I think 'cause, like, my association
People like, expect me to be something I'm not, man
I was raised in the church, you know what I'm sayin'
I got a dark side, but I still represent the love of God, you know what I'm sayin'?

[Verse 2: Krizz Kaliko]
(I'm Hardcore!)
Coming from the good rapping up in hood and you're getting (Far more!)
Never been a blood but nigga would if you wanna
(Start war!) I got some killers on the payroll
Keep 'em at bay 'cause I’m an angel let me explain
I make my music to travel
What I say baffles you, can't help you out
Think I can do better nigga then help me out
My wits is what make me make hits but I’ll never be selling out
K.I.L.L. (E to the R and dot!) Spell it out
I'mma do what I do, even if it only get heard by a few
Who the hell are you? Who can I catch now
Now I got the glue, stickin’ two of my flocks on two doo with the zoo
See, I can’t kill 'em on every verse so I just hurt them
That’s why I frequently speak of myself in third person
Kali baby, carry my weight, make no mistake, you’re late
I’m the protégé of the great Aaron D. Yates (N9NE!)
Killing with beats and bars so it can beat in people's cars
I’m freakin’ if they cease applause, if you bleeding I'm the cause

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
What you want me to be?
(Killa) Don’t bring out the things in me
You can’t see when I smile
(Killa) Take me to that place, I’ll stay a while
What? You want me to just wild out on you
Or to see me clown, now, don’t you?
Want me to be a killa…?
For a minute, forget who I am
You’d be a wannabe

[Interlude #2: Krizz Kaliko]
Yeah, i tell people all the time
Like, i don't know what you expected me to be when they meet me
They're like, "You're this nice dude!"
Im like, "Im just crazy in my music and on stage, and in real life a little bit. But I'm really a nice guy, ya know what im saying?"

[Verse 3: Krizz Kaliko]
Listen! Been killin’ ‘em since ’99 right
Can’t see me in the daytime with a flashlight
People think I’m the reaper, lessons stricken from fear
Kali knocks 'em off they feet
Twiztid you take it from here

[Verse 4: Monoxide of Twiztid]
Ya'll think I'm bullshittin'
Everybody wanna get up under my skin well I'm through with em
Gotta find another way to get the anger out
But change a route and I’m losin' ‘em
Don't wanna be the same thang
Gain and again to maintain fame
Rather be different to make a name with a lame
But all you wanna do is take it away
Hate when I say that ya, stuck in the game with a
Bunch of shameless, worms that are nameless
Grateful blades gonna come save them days for us
All because you wanted to push me now I'm dangerous
Hang with a Strange gang and pains what I cain brang
Insanes what the brain is making me do
But you're to blame ain't ya
I hope you understand that I tried to be a peaceful man
But all they wanted from me is a crazy, I don’t understand

[Verse 5: Madrox of Twiztid]
I'm a little bit strange, little bit smart
Always come hard when I speak from the heart
Always hard felt with the words that I kick
'Cause I spit it with a passion, they call it sick
And when they call it sick do I need the medicine?
To keep me on track and away from the edge
'Cause if I lose control I'm going on a killing binge
And I won’t stop killing ‘til everybody is dead
I‘m insane, I’m talkin’ to my brain but it does not reciprocate
It is only concern with fame, I want to kill them all away
Everyone that stands in my way
They want to bring the night upon me and let it consume the day
And I forget, I should grow weak instead of stay strong
Because their love is unconditional even though that I’m wrong
At least they tell me that I’m wrong when I know I’m probably right
That’s why I’m walkin’ with the dead
And I don’t sleep a wink at night

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
(Killa) Don’t bring out the things in me
You can’t see when I smile
(Killa) Take me to that place, I’ll stay a while
What? You want me to just wild out on you
Or to see me clown, now, don’t you?
Want me to be a killa…?
For a minute, forget who I am
You’d be a wannabe

[Outro]
"Killin' 'em and it ain't softly!"
"'Cause church folk got limits too that limits you to minuscule"