[Intro]
I'ma tell y'all a lil' story man,you know I'm sayin'?
Yo this is a song about, somebody who did me wrong dawg
I thought you was my homie man.. I guess not
Fuck it

[Verse]
You was supposed to be my dawg
Homie, when I first met you, what was told to me was fraud
What a shocker, an imposter! I've been crossed, I lost ya
My best friend turned out to be an enemy that's endin' me
Hidden, no sympathy, no empathy either; homie, I never denied ya!
Nuttin' that you wanted: women? I never player-hated
I hooked you up, booked you up from the beginning
This enemy had love for you, shared blood for ya
When ya wanted to dig? I dug for ya, nigga
But you a double-crosser, nasty hand-tosser
I shoulda known you was evil
When you told me you was cool 'fore we'd be sex fools when we under the steeple
The retrieval: I'm tryna get my life back
No more stoppin' women from puttin' a knife at ya cap
Remember when we was kickin' it? Bitches was givin' it everyday
We did it in every way, but the respect went away
You got a mind of your own now; you're grown now
Can I ask you a question? Did you forget we kinfolks, nigga?
We the same complexion! I'm stressin'!
You was always in front of me so I listened
Everyday you wanted me on a mission
I even let you have sex with my lady like a G
Infatuated with you and not me
I sucked it up, I got back wit' her, you fucked it up
By lettin' her know I was creepin' around with every chick in the town, buster!
I shoulda known not to trust ya!
Listen, I'm losin' my life because of you!
I lost my life because of you! I'm losin' my wife because of you!
I even had sex and a baby with the crazy bitch you introduced me to!
Now I'm straight depressed, I hate your flesh
But fate was just belate to Tech, laid to rest
Every time you got drawers, you made my poor little life fall nigga, ya got balls
You ain't never had a partner like me
Real, I never ever sold ya pipe dreams
Personal? Yes, it might seem
Nigga when you was burnin', I went and got the Doxycycline
Looked out for ya health, and this is all the respect I get?
Hater, ya neck I'll slit, but I can't, 'cause I'm attached to ya
And I don't know why, sometimes I wish you would just die
It would eliminate all this hurt
Maybe I could get up outta all this dirt ya caused me
So strong, nothing could stop you, not even cerebral palsy
I can't believe it; my best homie turned on me
You musta forgot we grew up together
I'm through, life is over now, there's nothin' else to do
Point the finger and blame it on you

[Tech + (sung)]
(It's all because of you, you, you)
I lost my girl, my world, is upside down because I found you wasn't shit
(It's all because of you, you, you)
Broke us in two, you untrue, don't know what to do, I'm talkin' to you (who?)
My dick

{*chanting and thunder till fade*}