Aiyyo what about the hoes? (Hoes?)
Yeah you know, the hoes
This is for the nappy hoes, yaknowhatI'msayin?
Yeah, word is bond
All the hoes that wanna get scrappy, we gonna do it like this for ya
Check it one time

Chorus:
It’s just
Me and Jack, the black vagina finda (3X)
Me and Jack, it’s just me and Jack

Big DS:
I’m the mother fucker fuckin somebody’s daughter
Go down stairs, shake hands with the father
Say ya need a bag? No dad don’t bother
Excuse me mister sir but your daughter get the raw dick

Sticky Fingaz:
It’s not every day you get to be a genuine witness of the 1992 annual fuck fest
So take off your bra show ya breast, remove your dress
Yo, what’s the matter hooker? Cat got ya tongue?
Or do you want my tongue to get your cat and get ya strung?
I got the whip-appeal plus chains and bats
Ain't always wear hats when slippin into putty cats
Once it’s in there is no turnin back
Put ya feet to ya head till ya hear your bone crack
When bitches get dick they don’t know how to act
And once you go black, you never go back
I don’t discriminate and just leave it at that
I’m just one stinky kinky slim, not slinky
Fiddle with ya clitoris then pop your pussy with my pinky
Tryna' get yours, I’m tryna' get mine-a
It’s just me and Jack, the blac vagina finda

Chorus:
Just
Me and Jack, the black vagina finda (3X)
Me and Jack, it’s just me and Jack

Those perverted motherfuckaz is at it again (3X)
Fuckin with a skin, fuckin with her friend

Fredro Starr:
Mickey Billy's in like a stranger, the slick dick pussy banger, titty strangler
Rougher than a wrangler guaranteed to make ‘em bleed
They need pain for satisfaction
Big butt cheeks, the funky freaks seek action
Pimpin the hoes, smackin the hoes, leavin em on a subway
Lost without a token, can’t walk cause that ass is broken
First date veteran, better than a nympho
Sleek to the beat cause I be fuckin on tempo
Train like a trolley, lickin like a lolly
Smoke more cheeba than mother fuckin Bob Marley
Lady persuader, pink panty raider
Four times a week I get stuck in the elevator
La la, live to die, trick for the slick, I went way past the Y
Jack be nimble, Jack be quick
He got too slick, now he got a sick dick
Cause I don’t really really give a fuck
Praise the lord cause even nuns get stuck
Never play me like a burger, I’m never double cheesy
EZ-Wider, all righter
Sneaky type of fighter
Try to get yours cause I know I’ma get mine-a
Me and Jack, the black vagina finda

It's just
Me and Jack, the black vagina finda (3X)
It's just me and Jack, just me and Jack
Me and Jack (4X)

Ya don't stop
And ya don't quit
We're gonna be fuckin some bitches kid...
Word is bond...
Word, to the hoes, with the fat pussies, cunts...