This is to my niggas up in here with they fucking shorties and
Shit...your girls...your wifies and shit...this is to them niggas...

[Intro]
Victoria don't know how to keep a secret
Like a nigga need pussy, a bitch need dick
Statistics show that out of every ten hoes
Whether married or in love done cheating before
And if they did it once, they'll probably do it again
Turn your back, Jerry Springer style, screwing your friend
And that alone's enough to make any niggas furious
Nigga you wasn't hitting it right, maybe she's just curious

You all serious, your girl all giggling
Cause she know I'm right, somebody slid up in that clitoris
(somebody slid up in that clitoris)
(somebody slid up in that clitoris)

[Verse 1 - Sticky Fingaz]
How to know if your girl cheating
Does she go out every weekend?
Freaking, you and her hardly speaking
She hang with hoes, and you hate them chicks
Leave the club around Three, don't get home 'till Six
Probably met some nigga, she ain't going home
Claim the battery died on her mobile phone
You found a number, she swear she don't know who's it is
She know more niggas than you in the music biz
You try to talk to her, but she's in her own world
On the phone with some nigga, acting like it's her home girl
You don't think your girl got bones in her closet?
Bring it up she starts an argument and change the topic

[Hook]
Aiyo, turn it up, and take a look at your bitch
If she smiling somebody stuck a dick in your bitch
Now think about when you're not around, who she be with?
And think about the bullshit you got away with

[Verse 2 - Sticky Fingaz]
You better pay attention now, or you gon' cry later
Middle of the night, a nigga blowing up her skypager
You can't hear it though, she got it on vibrator
She be creeping cause you think she gon' violate her
When you having sex is she already sore?
Did the pussy feel like it was tighter before?
Is she getting gifts she couldn't hardly afford?
Been together four months and she already bored?
If your girl is cheating with her legs open wide
You never know, she could be playing from both sides
She could be playing with another chick G
Cause nowadays all bitches ain't strictly dickly

[Hook] (2x)

[Talking to girl]
Aiyo...
(Huh?...)
Let me ask you somethin'...
(Yeah?...)
You love me?
(Yeah I love you)
Huh...yeah right...

[Outro] (2x)
It was just sex, probably ain't mean nothing to her
It was just sex, it was just a fuck to her
No emotion, no love, no feelings inside
It was only one time, it was only one night