[*beeper goes off eight times*}

[Intro: Fredro Starr]
Can't We Just Hoes? (worrrrrd up)
Aiyyo what about the hoes? (Hoes?)
Yeah you know, the hoes
See that's what happen man
Hehahahh...

[stoned out conversation for 15 seconds]


[Verse 1: Sticky Fingaz]
If ya got a girl then you better believe
She got a Swallow for a Babies and a trick up her sleeve
But if ya don't take my word, take the word of another
I love my girl more than I love my own mother
Until I caught the girl in bed Sucka my brother
Now, Poonani to me, is a stick and a bone
I take it and she spread it then I leave it alone
Then get out the crib 'fore her man come home

[Verse 2: Fredro Starr]
Ding dong, ring a ling a ling
Honey I’m home, scumbags and candy
Feelin damn dandy, crazy drunk off the brandy
Headed to the stairs, tip tip toe
With these squeaky ass stairs kid you gotta move slow
She wasn’t in the room, where could she be?
Wait a cotton pickin minute, I hear the TV
I slid to the den what did I see?
What you saw?
I seen a hairy stink smelly ass (word??)
And my girl on her knees (OHHH!)
She was suckin' the nex Ding dong (oh!)
Hey man, I was just watchin this, it was monotonous
I couldn't figga the nex Ding dong in my girl's esophagus

[Hook]
Suckin the nex Ding dong (oh!)
Suckin the nex Ding dong (oh!)
Suckin the nex ring a ling a ling (oh!)


[Onyx]
Yo that's my word
Man I was trickin on this  man
I was buyin this diamonds and the whole pearls
I was proppin this Moet yaknowhatI'msayin?
Takin up in Def Jam yaknowhatI'msayin?
Was like yo, yaknowwhatI'msayin? (???)
Yo a girl ain't things man that's my word Yo, Mr. Jockey
Yo Suave how do you feel about that man?

[Verse 3: Suave/Sonee Seeza]
NOW! A freak is a freak and a hoe is a hoe
If your (horns) get this low that (Bleep) is absolutely zero
A hoe I had before was claimin love, I was blind see
You can say like Mary J., "Just Remind Me"
Was buggin when she started suckin (Bleep) peppermints
(Bleep) got better
How the hell you miss those hints?
I don’t know but then I got the shock that almost blocked me like an obstacle
My girl lip lock a (Bleep) like a popsicle
Quick, my man flipped the silencer tip
Now let that dumb (Bleep) go to hell and suck on the devil’s (ding!)
Yep, you know money felt the steel
He should ate that (Bleep) then it coulda been his last meal
So don’t let my girl suck your Ding dong
Even if she’s suckin the next ring a ling a ling

[Hook]
Suckin the nex Ding dong (oh!)
Suckin the nex ring a ling a ling (oh!)

Afficial Nastee (repeat 8X)

[Verse 4: Fredro Starr]
Picture this, picture that
Your girl’s holdin the next man’s glands and comes back tell you that “I love you”
Back up, Back Up break the heck off
With Your Big Butt You Little Slut or I’ma smack your wig off
Smack the bust out your crusted out coco
I got proof- How?
Cause it landed on my couch

[Hook]
She was Suckin the nex Ding dong (oh!)
She was Suckin the nex ring a ling a ling (oh!)

[Verse 5: Sticky Fingaz]
Sometimes I feel like a (Ding!)
It melts in your mouth, not in your butt
Oh andtell your girl to stop changing her lipstick
I’m startin to get rainbows around my (ding!)
I got caught in the act, you pulled a gun, I gave chase
It ain’t my fault his hoe take in the face
Watch This, she the one who found Jack, the black vagina finda
Hmmm big ain’t it, lick lick so good God I almost fainted
Suckin da next Ding dong

[Hook]
Suckin the nex ring a ling a ling (oh!)
She was Suckin the nex Ding dong (worrd?)
She was suckin the nex, suckin the nex
Suckin the nex  (she's still suckin his ding)
She was Suckin the nex Ding dong
She was Suckin the nex ring a ling a ling
She was suckin the nex, suckin the nex
Suckin the nex Ding dong

[Outro: Sticky Fingaz]
(Bleep) it I don't need ya, let the welfare feed ya (word up)
Non-thinkin, ding!-drinkin.. (suck, Ding!)
(Bleep) you (Bleep)!