[Intro: N.O.R.E.]
New York niguhz in Hollywood
Ayyo, Stick!

[Verse 1: Sticky Fingaz]
When it come to money, I’m Ebenezer Scrooge
My niggas rob niggas and they bring me they jewels
I used to ask God for things but I would never get it
So now I just steal it and ask God for forgiveness
You worried about the wrong man, I’m the shooter
Give a man an “inch” and he think he the ruler
There’s no “I” in team, but there is a me
The American dream to believe it, you gotta be asleep

[Bridge: Sticky Fingaz]
I know it’s bad, but I’m high anyway!
Eat healthy, stay fit, die anyway!
They say “to talk to God you gotta pray,” but I don’t get it
Cause when God talk back to me, they say “I’m schizophrenic!”

[Verse 2: Sticky Fingaz]
Now I don’t talk shit, I pull them pistols
I’m like a ventriloquist, you never see my lips move
I’m throw money up, never catch me penny-pinching
Pockets too fat, can't even go skinny-dipping
I started with nothing and still have most of it
I’m pulling out hammers like “Jumping Jehoshaphat”
I can’t remember the last time I forgot something
Your gun is decoration, nigga, so stop fronting

[Verse 3: Sticky Fingaz]
It’s Sticky Fingaz, I’m maniac depressive
I’m passive-aggressive, you better spread the message
You know who the best is, better have your vests
My gun big black and ugly, I call that bitch precious!
I swear on my nose, they say that I’m an evil brother
I’m a warlock, I see things in dream in color
You think it can’t happen to you, god bless you
Two wrongs don’t make a right, but believe me, three left do

[Chorus: N.O.R.E.]
We keep it clean with a whips, cleaner with the gunz
Stash all hundreds, wifey get the ones
Kush roll Sticky, Niggas smoke blunts
This is grown man BI (Business), they actin’ like they sons

[Outro: N.O.R.E. & Sticky Fingaz]
I don’t give a shit, give a shit. These niggas is hoes
I don’t give a shit, give a shit. For that Kay tone they froze
I don’t give a shit, give a shit. These niggas is puss
I don’t give a shit, give a shit. To the front line, we push!