Niggas is so fucking dead
It's no even funny nigga
Fucking going on

[Hook]
I don't know you but you know me
My name ring bells in your streets
I refresh yo' memory
It's F-I-N-G-A-Z
Don't know who could see me
Unless I was on TV
I bust 'em guns believe me
Leave holes in this industry

[Verse 1: Sticky Fingaz]
I've been doing this shit since Bad Boy were just Boys
Murder Ink was still in the pen
Rock was a pebble
It ain't no bullshit true story it's all real talk
Eminem was still living in that trailer park
Pharell had internet fools yet he was still on Mars
Cash Money was still selling records out the trunk of their car
Dre still had an attitude
Suge was giving orders
50 Cent was still in the block draped in quarter orders
Luda wasn't born yet, he was still swimming
In Masta P nuts, back when P had a limit
I'm talking back when that nigga Nas was Nasty
And FUBU was on Jamaica Ave. giving away hats for free
Before Lil Kim's tits got bigger
I talking way back when Eve was still a stripper
Before Bob Magazines and XXL
Before Steady B robbed a bank went to jail
Back when Missy Misdemeanor was just a citation
Before Tigga and his moms moved to that Basement
Before that nigga Aaron Hall turned to R. Kelly
And before Pac even knew Brenda was pregnant

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Sticky Fingaz]
See the difference between me and all the others rappers?
Is I'm a gangster fronting like a rapper
I'm a hoodlum in Hollywood acting like an actor
I don't want to kill nobody, but if I have to I have to
I want all these niggas out! Fuck who's the best
Only reason I rap is because they don't give you no drug tests
I hope niggas is physically fit
To murder too quick takes all the fun out of it!
Who you think is behind niggas getting stuck in the game?
Matter of fact I'm about to change my name to "Tuck In Your Chain"
Fuck security, nigga, got a whole hood beside me
I'll stick a nigga in thirty seconds flat and you can time me
It's business; ain't nothing personal
I done stuck with Sony, Def Jam, Polygram, Universal
It ain't nothing, I'll clap y'all niggas
You ain't noticed they don't ever find rappers as killers?
From BIG to Jam Master Jay down to 2Pac
Man that shit go as far back as Scott La Rock
So don't get brand new with me son this nigga is vintage
Half of these rap niggas I invented
Walk around the streets with a fifth on my waist
If I ain't had cotton mouth, I'd spit in your face!
Sticky Fingaz mothefucker! OPM!
A lot of niggas get killed this year, don't be them!

[Hook]