[Intro: Fredro Starr, (Sticky Fingaz)]
They gots to back da fuck up! (Bacdafucup!)
Know what I’m sayin’? (Onyx!) It's the Onyx kid!
Onyx! (Ah yeah!) We gonna do it for all my kids

[Verse 1: Fredro Starr]
Murder murder, who the hell heard a
Young black nigga like me gettin’ off scot-free
Murder murder, me never have peace
Me always jump fare, we watch for the beast
Dead body over there, dead body over there
Everywhere a dead body dead body everywhere
So well oh well, oh fuck it, two tears in a bucket
40s spillin’ over in the tummy of a dummy
Statue at you, but don’t break my cipher
Smoker, still the most iller for the filler
Or just you might stop fogging up my glasses
Guns for fun, my son I’ll hit you like a chalice
Bang, let it hang out, you get the penis
Sorry for your stitches, the inconvenience
Or would you will stand still, my aim is kind of fucked up
Like the killer diller puff the stuff we got blunted up
Load it up, change the clip
Fire when you see the bloody red in they eye
Yeah it's time to survive

[Chorus: Onyx]
Nigga Bridges fallin’ down
They fallin’ down, they fallin’ down
Nigga Bridges fallin’ down
Muthafuckaz is acting crazy!

[Verse 2: Suavé]
I catch vics for trips, watch Sonee flips
On bitch ass nigga geeks with ill freaks and sheik clothing
Diamonds shinin’, pockets bulging
Saw a guy and a girl with pearls around her collar
Sticky stuck the tek in her mouth so she couldn’t holler
We rollin’ for dollars! Mickey said three pounds
Seven in the man’s head, one move you’re dead
Dug out they pockets as if I had a shovel
Movin’ on the double cause we ain’t tryin’ to see trouble
Dreamin’ and schemin’ it’s gonna be a bloodbath
Got a Smith and Wesson autograph for your whole staff
A stick up a day keeps the pockets OK
A hit and run before you see another day
Cause the USG is where I stay

[Bridge: Onyx, (Fredro Starr)]
Murder, murder! (Ya life’s on the line)
Murder, murder! (Here’s a bullet for ya mind)
Murder, murder! (I’m out doin’ crime)
Murder, murder! (But me never do time)

[Verse 3: Big DS]
You dirty motherfuckin’ rat
Ha-cha-cha-cha now they got me on the lie detector
Why? Cause I killed the inspector
Resurrection, you need pork protection
Bridges burnin’, your bitches I’m sexing
So damn crazy now they got me in correctional facilities
(Why?!) Cause they can’t get with these
Wild juvenile Meanwhile in trial, I’m heading for Penal
Feelin’ senile, lost my mind when I was out doin’ crime
Got shit locked down but never been locked up
All the time you get fucked for a buck
And motherfuckers is acting crazy

[Chorus: Onyx]
Nigga Bridges fallin’ down
They fallin’ down, they fallin’ down
Nigga Bridges fallin’ down
Muthafuckaz is acting crazy!

[Verse 4: Sticky Fingaz]
You done fucked with the wrong nigga brother
You’ll rather fuck your mother plus bust a cap for her lesbian lover
Bullets ricochet, you lay and pray for your maker
Two in the heart, a clip in the head, read the obituary
Used to live in Brooklyn now you rest in a cemetery
It’s a full moon, I get a chill in my spine
Decrease the population with my nickel plated nine
You bloodclot warrior, Rasta imposter
Everybody want to go to heaven
But nobody want to die why?
Me do not know
See ya in the next life, buddy boy

[Chorus: Onyx]
Nigga Bridges fallin’ down
They fallin’ down, they fallin’ down
Nigga Bridges fallin’ down
Muthafuckaz is acting crazy!
Nigga Bridges fallin’ down
They fallin’ down, they fallin’ down
Nigga Bridges fallin’ down
Muthafuckaz is acting crazy!

[Outro]
Yeah muthafucka! Fucked up! Bacdafucup!
You get hurt up! It's the Onyx man! That's my word!
Fuck! Fuck you! Fuck anything! Fuck ya momma, ya father!