[Sticky Fingaz]
First of all, how many tattoos you got?
None
Don’t worry we’ll change that
How many times you been shot?
Well, I’ve never been shot
But I done shot some niggas
Nah that doesn’t work
The fans like you to be the victim
Listen Curtis got 9 Sean Bell got 50
Okay
I figure we make you a super gangsta you’ll survive 60
What?
We got professional shooters that’ll take every precaution
Woah
Bullets will go through clean
And won't hit any major organs
You ever been to jail?
Nah
You ever did any hard time?
Nah man, I spent a night in jail but it was just for a D.U.I
Ooh that’s no good it’s got to be at least 12 months (12 months?)
To sell records street credibility is a must
Here’s what we’ll do
What?
We’ll kill 2 birds with 1 stone
We’ll get you shot then put in jail (what?)
By the time you heal you’ll be home (woah woah)
Don’t worry about the time
A year in jail is nothing (what chu mean?)
With this marketing plan we won't even be going over budget
Yo, I need to speak to my manger

[Heidi Marie (over verse)]
So you wanna be a rap star?
Are you ready to take it that far?
So you wanna be a rap star?
Are you ready to take it that far? Yeah yeah
So you wanna be..

[Sticky Fingaz]
Uh, how many kids you got? (I ain’t got no kids)
And how many baby mommas? (I ain’t got no kids)
It would help if she was famous
And it would give you lots of drama (okay)
Everybody likes scandalous sex you got any home videos (nah)
That we could leak to the net?
Nah, me and my girl’s cool everything’s all hood
You’re not giving me anything to work with it’s gon be hard to pull
You can have a chance in this game
I really think you could (yeah?)
You could even sell records even though you’re good
Listen you gotta connect on how your public feels (I’m trying to)
Like your teeth are too white but we’ll get you some grillz
A little liposuction here a little steroids there
Guarantee  you be gettin’ Grammy this time next year (yeah?)
What types of drugs you do?
Crystal meth, syrup, E?
Nah I just drink Hennessy and you know puff weed
Ah this is not good this is bad
We gotta get you hooked on coke
And immediately checked onto rehab

[Heidi Marie (over verse)]
So you wanna be a rap star?
Are you ready to take it that far?
So you wanna be a rap star?
Are you ready to take it that far? Yeah yeah
So you wanna be..

[Sticky Fingaz]
Okay here’s your back story
You probably don’t know your father (but)
And was raised in a shack in the poorest place in the gutter
Actually, that’s not true my pops is paid
We got a good relationship I see him every other day
Okay see that is never to be repeated again (oh)
Could you speak with a little bit more slang and be less articulate?
I could make you famous
But you’re gonna have to listen to me (I’m listening)
To pull the public we gotta do more than buy back your CD
You gotta pick somebody, anybody start a war (anybody?)
Just be sure their celebrity is bigger than yours (okay)
Don’t be different cause then you’ll be all by yourself
It’s much safer to just be like everyone else
You sure?

[Heidi Marie (over verse)]
So you wanna be a rap star?
Are you ready to take it that far?
So you wanna be a rap star?
Are you ready to take it that far? Yeah yeah
So you wanna be..