[Intro: Sticky Fingaz, (Fredro Starr)]
Revolutionaries
(Yo we being targeted, word up man)
We being hunted (All black men be aware)
But we will not be the present
(It’s a war out here. You gotta be smart
When you dealing with this motherfuckers)
Gather all your arms and get ready!

[Verse 1: Fredro Starr]
Bulletproof, window blast on shatter
They wildin’ out, like black lives don’t matter
The other day be, yo, the beast try to play me
It’s war zone, in the hood they brought the navy
Arm wrest, protest to stay seven
Guns that kill the strong black men like James Evans
Daytime, we try to keep that shit peaceful
Nightfall, I’m out lootin’ with the people
Police shootin’, tear gas rubber bullets
The end of the world, ain’t no other way to put it
Pearl Harbor, lookin’ like Okinawa
Even through the thick of it all, we smokin’ sour
Repeat felons, gotta send the street yellin’
Fuck that, I have a dream speech to tell ’em
Excelling lives, world news Wolf Blitzer
Don’t be a sheep and let the wolf get ya

[Chorus: Fredro Starr]
Ayo we strike back. Take one of mines, take one of yours
Yo we strike back. Take one of mines, take one of yours
We strike back. Take one of mines, take one of yours
Yo we strike back, strike back, strike back, strike back

[Verse 2: SickFlo]
I trust none, just got a new forty
Ain’t scared to bust some, I do accordingly
Disorderly, the custom, the outrage city life like Ukraine
Cops shoot my youths like, Saddam Hussein
They shifty, we shot ’em down, kick ’em like Liu Kang
Dare ’em to buc bac, what what, my crew bangs
It’s no game, P’s waitin’ to take ya life
Burglaries, murderers, meet the viper when I strike
Blam-blam on the bama open
Like a open ’em like with the hammer
If they crooked meanings see I ain’t got no type
Hit ’em up, officer O’Connor, I’m Obama
Lit ’em up, ya dig? Pigs feel the karma
No drama, I’ve been a terror to this darkness
But due to my dark skin, I’m a movin’ target
We strike back, here’s one for Pow, one for Martin
One for Rice, one for Bellin and another for Eric Garner

[Chorus: Fredro Starr]
Ayo we strike back. Take one of mines, take one of yours
Yo we strike back. Take one of mines, take one of yours
We strike back. Take one of mines, take one of yours
Yo we strike back, strike back, strike back, strike back

[Verse 3: Sticky Fingaz]
The court system ain’t got no honor
Only I can judge me and may hail burn the marijuana
Word to Obama, where’s my change? Man that shit
Ain’t been abolished the problem is, we’re still enslaved
We at war, with five-o
My eyes sore, you can see the pain in my soul
Demonstrate, entire state, stand up hands up
Surrender and you still get blamed up
Silence, it gon’ be no more compliance
The new alliance, we ain’t against use of violence
They don’t care you can get shot like a dog
Cuz these cops think they on top of the law
These ain’t no lies, why you actin’ all surprised
There’s a million more, crooked cops takin’ their lives
We survived, bust shots to rotten apple
Stay in your map, it’s a trap, you being shackled

[Chorus: Fredro Starr]
Ayo we strike back. Take one of mines, take one of yours
Yo we strike back. Take one of mines, take one of yours
We strike back. Take one of mines, take one of yours
Yo we strike back, strike back, strike back, strike back
Ayo we strike back. Take one of mines, take one of yours
Yo we strike back. Take one of mines, take one of yours
We strike back. Take one of mines, take one of yours
Yo we strike back, strike back, strike back, strike back