[Intro]
Light it up
Major Independents, the foundation
Stick the fuck up, nigga
Sticky Fingaz, officially on some bullshit, nigga
Niggas see me, they better have a motherfuckin' smile on they face
Shit gon' get pushed in, yo

[Verse 1]
On every mixtape niggas battling, I swear they frontin'
But they be talking made shit like they real or somethin'
All I hear is "blah blah this" and "blah blah that"
If you gangsta, why I ain't hear no (*gunshot*)
Niggas always show me love ‘cause they scared I'ma spaz
Bust they head with a bottle, stab 'em up with the glass
I see 'em up in the club, I swear to God they fake
And they take four good clink, clink, clink
Clinks on they face until the bottle breaks
Fuck the nonsense, I'll beat you till you fucking unconscious
No wonder all the media portray us as monsters
Stick the gun in your mouth, down to your tonsils
'Less you could take a human life with no remorse
Like a little insect you just steppin' on
Turn around, walk past, [?] up out of here
[?], Stick Fingaz, get the fuck out of here
Doc said I had a problem, something wrong with me
A rare symptom called, "Everything belong to me"
I steal so much, surprised I ain't locked away
I even stole some chronic from Dr. Dre
Yo' money's my money, now how much we got?
Two years worth of rent on your neck could get you shot
Niggas think I'm crippin', the way I leave this shit bloody
Only thing better than money is other people's money

[Hook]
Them guns, we let 'em go, yo
We quick to let 'em go, yo
We bring gangsta to you
Why would you fuck with a nigga like me?
Knowing that I live and I die by the heat
Why would you think that I wouldn't see?
You, catch you off guard out in these streets

[Verse 2]
That don't make you gangsta ‘cause you got shot, that's so stupid
The nigga that's gangsta is the one that do the shootin'
The world crazy, y'all ain't rap too tight
Where the best [?] black and the best rapper's right
Here motherfucker! What the fuck you thought?
It's niggas like you that land niggas like me in court
Tell the truth, y'all niggas don't be using them Glocks
It's like Lil Kim starting up a group with Fox
On the real, what the fuck could y'all do to me?
If I had security, be there to protect you from me
Oh, you ain't know? Nigga, I'm a walking court case
Got a 25 to life right here on my waist
But fuck that shit, I ain't doing time for no heater
Swallow the shells, a empty burner's just a misdemeanor
Fuck the radio, the game is fake
I seen three Pacs, two Biggie's and at least one Ma$e
Turn on BET, y'all be surprising me
Everybody nice in the game [?] for me
It got hot soon as you know who stepped in
I don't dance, I'm a thug, I got two left Timbs
Stick be dishing out the lead shells
Come around me and start walking on eggshells
Getting you set up is not a prob
Who you thought taught 50 Cent how to rob?

[Hook]
Them guns, we let 'em go, yo
We quick to let 'em go, yo
We bring gangsta to you
Why would you fuck with a nigga like me?
Knowing that I live and I die by the heat
Why would you think that I wouldn't see?
You, catch you off guard out in these streets

[Outro]
Major Independents, nigga
Stomping y'all niggas the fuck out
We too ill, we too sick
We got too many guns, too many killers
There's too many of us, y'all niggas is dead