[Intro: Sticky Fingaz & X-1]
What chu want? What chu want? What chu want?
What chu want? What chu want? Everything I could get
What chu want? What chu want? What chu want? I want it all
What chu want? I want everything, I want everything
Sticky Fingaz, X1, what! Official Nast'

[Hook 1: X-1 & Sticky Fingaz]
I want the coke spots, cartell, the drug blocks
I want mad guns, four 5's and magnums
I want my own club, mad dough with no love
I want a dumb chick, carry work or bust trips
I want my own hood, projects to boulevards
I wanna wild out, smoke blunts and blow hard
I want more clothes, ill crib and wardrobes
I want your ice, your wife, or your life

[Verse 1: X-1]
The bottom line is, I want everything
The credit cards to the wedding ring
Outta state strips would have to be basic
98 percent shit, make a fiend brain shit
Face it, X-1, no doubt, I'm way sick
I need weed spots, at least two on each block
You got ones, I got big heads in my knot
How 'bout a drop top cranberry six with deep dish?
Whore house with nothing but cheap chicks
Now peep this, I wanna be rich
It's no secret, but I was always known as a thief
I want in on every crack sold in the street
Holdin' the heat, on top till I'm old wit' no teeth
Blast three through your artery, it's hard killin' me
I love artillery, particularly AP-1s
Is my specialty, especially I want y'all to know
Fuck y'all niggas if you ain't feeling me

[Hook 2: Sticky Fingaz & X-1]
I want drop tops, chop shops and pay cops
I wanna lay low, with police on pay roll
I want the ill scam, five G's off ten grams
I want hydro, five pounds in garbage cans
I want a bad bitch, fat ass with no flaws
I want two of them, twins without no drawers
I want cell phones, fast cars, and mad chrome
I want a crack house, so fiends could black out

[Verse 2: Sticky Fingaz]
I want a hundred mill, tax free in big unmarked bills
If I don't get it, tampons for the blood I'mma spill
I just wanna pull the trigger for the love of the thrill
I just wanna battle niggas for they publishing deals
I'm greedy, selfish, I hate to share
Want a different burner every day to match my gear
Well meet Janet and Jennifer to have a threesome
Fall out getting brain, don't wake up till three somethin'
Want beef, nigga? We could go squeeze nines
Till you dead or waving white flags and peace signs
Want all my niggas free that got strikes three times
And so much ice on my watch I could freeze time
You violate, you get clapped in the head
Want B.I.G. and Makaveli to come back from the dead
Want that CL-500 coupe, chromed out platinum
(What chu mean?) What am I saying? I got one!

[Hook 3: X-1 & Sticky Fingaz]
I want more techs, your presidential rolex
I want nine lives, you gotta kill me nine times
I want air play, from New York to LA
I wanna murder shit, get caught and get away with it
I want the good weed, light green with no seeds
I want a E-Class, rob banks with ski masks
I want the basics, ice chains and bracelets
I want your necklace, the keys to your lexus
I want a hotel, strictly for dope sales
I want Bo guard, max out your gold card
I wanna hit stars, spend money in strip bars
I want a crime spree, but get off scott free
I want lump sums, CDs and trust funds
I want y'all wack rappers to stop bitin' my clique
I want your props, I want your whole crew knocked
I want y'all punk niggas, just to get off my dick

[Outro: Sticky Fingaz]
What! What!
What chu want? What! What! What!
What chu want? What chu want?
What chu want? What chu want? What chu want?
I want it all, what chu want?
I want everything, what chu want?
I want the whole fucking world, know what I'm saying?