4, 5, 6 is in the mix - I'm hittin them with trip's
Headcrack, time to get the bread black!
4, 5, 6 is in the mix - I'm hittin them with  trip's
Headcrack, time to get the bread!

I rolled on every cee-lo corner that I know inside the city
Kiddies, I got a fat mitt in my pocket lookin pretty
So who wanna get paid on the block?
A thousand's in the pot
Now go and grab your knots from the stash spot
I shake them up and shake them up
Roll and I break em up
Two tracies and a pound-cake
("Yeah nigga, wake em up!")
Keepin my fingers wrapped around the joint
In case niggas start brawlin
Because I see em falling to the strong point
One by one they losin down the line
A fifty
Fucked roll or duck pose
Oh nigga pay me mine! ("Damn nigga!")
I grab the dice
Place your price, all you men are mice
Riffin as I'm sippin on a Heineken and gettin nice
I shake them up
They papes are gettin deader
Nigga sittin on a Beretta
Said he wanna bet that I don't throw a better
Now the game is surrounded by some money hungry bitches
I put the kisses on my fists and rolled the triple sixes
And once again it be the point that I shoot
That be puttin crazy loot
In the pocket of my army suit
Now who wanna come fo' another round?
I rolled a Fo, a six, hold up
Now I seen a fuckin pound
Yeah
You niggas know what the name of the game is
I'm in yo' anus
Cee-lo, you know
That shit that made a nigga famous
Hookers up on the ding-dong
I can't go wrong
Rollin for two hours long
And still rollin strong

4, 5, 6 is in the mix - I'm hittin them with trip's
Headcrack, time to get the bread black!
4, 5, 6 is in the mix - I'm hittin them with trip's
Bettin' Grants with the cee-lo champs

I make em sweat from beginners to the vets, I'm a threat
Some niggas double up on they fifty bets
I gotta be nice to the dice, so I'm talkin to em
I step back, gave a tap on the sidewalk and threw em
Nigga went and put his foot in the way see
And tried to ace me
Now I got niggas rollin to that bitch Tracy
Yeah, but Tracy ain't too gentle
Niggas thought she was simple
And loses with two deuces and a fuckin pimple
("A loser!")
I crack another brew, sit back and watch what niggas do
Who threw that 2? you? I'm rollin the whole fuckin crew
One by one niggas come payin, that fell to the trey'in
Furlough inside the bait, that's what a nigga sayin
Your luck is tough, I'm makin enough to buy a kilo
Uh-oh, look out below, I think I rolled another cee-lo
Pick up my crap, niggas don't get back a dime of that
And keep my hand right by my waist where my nine is at
One more test, and niggas quittin, that's zero
Broke, cryin broke, I'm doin backstrokes in cee-notes
Crazy pockets are empty, what a god damn shame
Niggas you know the name of the game - word the fuck up!

4, 5, 6 is in the mix - I'm hittin them with trip's
Headcrack, time to get the bread black!
4, 5, 6 is in the mix - I'm hittin them with trip's
Bettin' Grants with the cee-lo champs

4, 5, 6 is in the mix - I'm hittin them with  trip's
Headcrack, time to get the bread black!
4, 5, 6 is in the mix - I'm hittin them with trip's
Bettin' Grants with the cee-lo champs