[Intro]
A: Akinyele, you know I break a bitch neck!
K: Kool G. Rap, you know I break a bitch neck!
A: Yeah break a bitch neck!
K: Break a bitch neck!
A: Break her neck, aiyo G catch the fucking wreck, set it! (come on)

[Verse 1: Kool G. Rap]
I can't stand a bitch so I don't treat 'em I don't date 'em
They want a nigga stuck, so I just fuck 'em like I hate 'em
Hoes wanna impose, like they know me or they knew me
But bitch you never blew me, so don't say a fuckin' thing to me
Cause I'm too fly to say hello HA HA
See you later, or good-BYE
Bitch I wish you would die
A: But the bitches look so good
But it don't mean I give a fuck
If there's one less bitches out the neighborhood
Because I never did respect 'em
You know you could never get from
Kool G. Rap just a swift kick in the rectum
Checked 'em, be careful of the chick that you pick
Because mad niggas bitches
They put they lips around a nigga dick (Come on niggas)
Then they tell me how my dick is so much bigger (Uh)
Swallow my nut up and don't be call me (Kiss-The-Nigga?)(Ah)
The mac slap-a-bitch, Kool G. Rap
Bitch runnin' off for the track
Then a bitch gotta get slapped
So don't be a nigga sex-slave bitch
Don't try to be brave bitch
You be a dead bitch in the grave bitch
Bitches be think a nigga come and beef out
Dumb bitch this is G's house
Bitch I slap your motherfucking teeth out (Aight, my man)
Bring it on bitch you want the drama bitch
I left the (homa?) bitch, you broke as (lever bomber?) bitch
I slap your mama bitch (Whoo-hie)
Pull out my dick and start suckin' bitch
Or keep on truckin' bitch, you stupid motherfuckin' bitch!
Hog bitch you come and stalk bitch
You got a lot of heart bitch
But you to me you ain't too smart bitch
Slap a bitch, I got a bed full of bitches
Try to steal a bitch, you get a head full of stitches
I'm hittin' bitches with a tec

[Hook]
K: Aiiyo break a bitch neck, break a bitch neck
A: Come on!
K: Break a bitch neck!
A: Break a bitch neck!
K: Break a bitch neck!
A: Come here bitch, let me break your neck!
K: Yeah break a bitch neck!
A: Break a bitch neck!
K: Break a bitch neck, aiiyo Ak catch some motherfucking wreck

[Verse 2: Akinyele]
Yo, beatin' bitches up ain't nothing new to me
Whether you're down with social security
Or you're just hittin' puberty
Age ain't nothing but an agenda
You young (grab your gums?), and if you're old
You better hold on to your (....ges?)
Don't come talkin that slappin' shit
Just cause you're a woman, Miss
Don't think that it can't happen bitch
I make, bitches panic and sweat for their life
It's panicked bitches mostly get
Stabbed to death with they own knife
Dark skin bitches turn black and blue
I cruise around town, and bruise their ass with a damn .22 (Bitch)
Cali bitches get the gat that I'm blastin'
A bitch stay slagged
Buy Sprinklers so Imma dope em' when they askin'
Get your man and his wolfpack
I play em like Pity Pat
Each and everyone of them bitch niggas get smacked
Martial arts bitches get me fed
But she's long and gone
You say: Return of the living dead (Huhh)
Karate shit don't last
Miss Hong-Kong bitch
I break my foot up off in your ass (Yeah)
And drunk bitches I keep 'em falling
First I turn em' into alcoholics
Make them think St. Ides is a Church
And Jewish bitches they know the settings
Cause I be stompin' they ass
Just like the glass at the weddings
And dancin' girls get me pissed
I'm the first spectator to yell out:
Go stupid bitch! Go stupid bitch!
Ain't nothing good about me, girlfriend
You want a good boyfriend, check the Marines
I heard they got a few good men (Yeah!)
Over here you don't get no love (Fuck that)
A member of the bitch haters club
I don't kiss or don't puck or hug bitch
You stuck up bitch
"Don't call me a bitch"
Oh shut the fuck up bitch!
You don't catch no respect (hell no!)

[Outro]
A: Break a bitch neck!
A: Break a bitch neck!
K&A:Yeah ahahaha, word up!
A:See that fuckin' bitch
K:Bitches must be fuckin' crazy (Bitch, bitch)
You must be out your fuckin' mind hoe (Bitch, bitch)
Suck my motherfuckin' dick!(Bitches ahaha)
A:You look like thaaaat
K:Bitch haters come, come and act up baby (Stop me)