[Polo: Yo yo that look like G Rap over there?
Marley: Yo that is
P: Funky! That's him in his new Alfa Romeo
M: Yo that is real real fonkee, yo yo what up, G Rap?
G Rap: Yo yo what up niggas?
M: Yo what up man? You big, you're big, nigga! Yo...
G: Got to fly my line on effect
M: Word up, yo your phone in there too? Yo I know he's chilling
Yo I just got the AMG kit on mine and it's funky, funky, funky, funky
G: Word KMGD?
M: Word
G: How much it run you?
M: Yo man, two G's
All: What? Word?
M: Word up man
G: Gotta play kid
M: You know it
P: All I got is a little Benz, man, I don't know...
M: Naaah! He try to be fly
Yo G Rap how you feel about how girls just be on yours
Cause you got a fonkee car?]

A convertible Porsche is what I'm striving to drive
DJ Polo of course, drives a ride that's live
With a AMG kit, in his pockets a mitt
And if you try to steal his shit, by a pitch you get bit
But yo one day you will see me in a fly Lamborghini
On my way to the beach picking up girls in bikinis
I'm a hip-hop star and yo I'm bound to go far
And all the girlies jump right on it
When you drive a dope car

[G Rap: Yo Polo man, let's call up Marley up on this car phone though
Polo: Yo word, yo why don't you dial it, man?
Operator: Your call cannot be completed at this time
The mobile customer you have dialed may have reached a destination
Or traveled beyond the service area
Please try again later
P: Yo G Rap, yo man, Marley's never in his car
G: Yo word man yo we just gotta catch the brother in his other...
Dope car (x3)
Cars
Dope car]

Yo I see cars driving by me looking milky and shiny
Tires made from Pirelli getting all of the heinies
Now a few of my friends they drive a Mercedes Benz
All the seats are stitched and hemmed, MCM and gold rims
The people are looking, all the ladies are hooking
All the cops get shooken, suckers' girlfriends get tooken
Candy-apple Corvette, Benzy Boss in effect
And you know you get respect cause they're breaking their necks
To see your car

[The dope car (x2)
Yo, cars
The dope car
Dope cars]