MF Grimm ft. Kool G Rap, Akinyele, and Big Chuck - “Stay Strapped (AKA AIDS)”
[Emcee(s): Kool G Rap, Akinyele, MF Grimm, and Big Chuck]
[Producer(s): Dr. Butcher]
[Hook/Vocals: [?]]

[Verse 1: Kool G Rap]
Yo, how the fuck can I
Angle this?  In plain English, bitches are armed and dangerous
With mad diseases from their pussy pieces to their anuses
Their legs get wider, put y’all venom in ‘em like a spider, so
I’m a skydiver with nothing but roughriders inside her ‘cause
I loves mine, the whole nine, so I’m protected, son, because
I can’t go out like Leslie Nielsen with The Naked Gun, I’m not
The one to be played and laid down an AIDS patient
Fried up and dried up like raisins—I’d rather go out blazing.  Gots
To watch himself and grab the three-pack off the shelf, and that
Bitch ain’t concerned about her health, the nigga go for delf
‘Cause running up in ‘em cancer, put you flat down on your back—that’s why I
React estates, roll with hats for the bozack

[Verse 2: Akinyele]
Yo, Akafella staying
Paid, but I’m afraid of the disease.  I’m on some Liber-
-ace shit, and I’m not talking dying from AIDS.  I’m talking
Out, pushing keys.  Motherfucker, please
I see y’all type of addicts sucking on pipes like craftmatics with that
John Starks walk, sparking the rock all erratic, packing
Bitches on my block grabbing my cock like automatics
They want to get their Salt-N-Pepa shoot on, supermarket
Start fucking for free, using their pussy for coupons
Don’t get me wrong, I’ll fuck them daisy dukes on all day, reclining
Black on Band-Aids so I don’t catch the first AIDS

[Bridge: MF Grimm]
You fuck around, you lay around, so I’ll wonder why
You play games with your niggas, quickly you will die
You think it can’t happen, you’re living a lie
Safe sex or don’t try

[Hook: [?]]
Protect yourself
Oh, protect yourself
Stay away from body bags and use
A Mag (Safe sex or don’t try)

[Verse 3: MF Grimm]
Tricks are for kids, so you better wear a bag
Sleeping with the enemy, toes get tagged
Situation is life-or-death, and if
You’re waiting for the antidote, please don’t hold your breath ‘cause some
Are sexually infected on the down-low
You can be injected with the needle or
Through a transfusion.  Recognize AIDS
Is no illusion.  Reality, it is
Total devastation.  Actuality
It destroys whole nations.  Evilly, it
Control the population.  Long terror from a
Short abbreviation: A-I-D-S

[Verse 4: Big Chuck]
Uh huh
The pussy-pusher butt-fuck with poonani, pump and switch
A big dick up inside your rump, with rubber bubbles I boom
Rather stick buns then run, blast
The mommy, kamikaze, fucking trick chickens like a swami
Johnny keep ‘em stuffed and muffed in “oh-oh-oh’s,” CJ
Got dicks [?], vertical
Banger, slanging penis into Venus, and you know
He’s gone with more [?] protection that Farrakhan.  I don’t
Discriminate—whoever—I get in a girl and make
That thing-thing wetter, and make you think this music’s better
So you can hit me raw-diggity hopefully
And you will be another human dying ‘cause of me
And those who think I can’t touch you, trust me
Once I’m up in that fucking ass, I will crush you
Plus you will leave your whole family in shambles
Another black car, a church filled with candles

[Hook: [?]] (x2)
Protect yourself
Oh, protect yourself
Stay away from body bags and use
A Mag