[Verse 1]
Yo, is it me or the damn chain? (My chains)
Is it me or the champagne? (Let me know)
Is it me or the tan range?
Is it the dame can't restrain cos the man blames?
Doing the type of bull a little smaller with the damn rage
Is this cos she see me push the business around?
Is she living in a town where syringes are found?
Is it because she know I’m breaking a stupendous amount?
Invite you out to the house and your friends is aroused (like wow)
It just couldn’t be the waiters and the catered food
Great booze, lake view and a room like a Laker do [?]
Just to show you what a good amount of paper do
The big faces eat you look like a caper move [?]
Laced with jewels, wrist, neck, chest full of ice
Look like you ran inside of Tiffany’s and pulled a heist
Where you stay inside the PJs is full of mice
Know it's just me you like
Cut it out
You pulling pipe

[Hook] [x2]
There’s a limit to your love!
Yo, what’s the meaning to your love, Mom?
There’s a limit to your love!
Tell me the meaning to your love, Mom
There’s a limit to your love!
What’s the meaning to your love, Mom?
There’s a limit to your love!
Tell me the meaning to your love

[Verse 2]
Is you here for the long run?
Is you here for the long sums?
See where you at if the storm come
I bet you up and leave a breeze like no wrong done
A ounce of weed a day baby you got some strong lungs
But what would happen if God forbid I'm in an accident
Lose my two legs and my back is bent
And every stack sent to doctors for puttin' brackets in
I bet you say, ‘Salute captain’ and go and pack your tents
First time I seen a chick do a backwards limp
I be like, What happened, baby, I thought G Rap your prince?
Shit brought you back to senses when a nigga back in rent
I bet you haven a foot forward and one back to sprint
When it’s all gone and life no longer immaculate
When his pockets flat and he down in the dumps
The whip's no longer dumping those sounds in the trunk
Now you’re frowning and you’re sunken like you crowning the chumps

[Hook] [x2]