[Dale Fresco Verse I]

Hey, im dale fresco the guy that always brings the water
The guy that doesn't take viagra yet i go harder..
I see haters on the bench and thats all cuz we're starters..
Competition chopper influence greater than Sparta..
Terra godz are in the building take a bow..
Soon take over this world opposition move around..
The explosion of new sound will blow this city to the ground ..
You people been napping on us ..get out of your sleeping gowns..
I admit ima clown but i speak for the mimes..
The oil keeps the hopeless gears of people on the grind ..
The alpha male that leads the pack when theyre Left behind..
The glasses that help you see the road when my people blind
Though im earth bound i tend to keep my thinking in the sky..
Ya brains are lacking moisture and the truth is getting dry
Terra godz reveal the truth since youre bandaged up with lies ..
Rise and shine get them freaking sleep masks off your eyes.

[Shintendo64 Verse II]

Ayoh It's The Black master of
Micropone rippage on the mashup
Back To Class Sir/
Your rhymes'll send your whack words ass first
Booth Bastard- Whos faster than the surfer of galan?
Shut the fuck up! Im not that nerd nigga!
I'm talent, but when in its rawest potent form
The jabber Jaws'll drop in awe deformed
Once they see this god perform
They'll say he's freakin awesome huh?
Hungry rappers we are
So fucking feed us G
An Emcee with a flaw in his speech that's how I see it-Lee
When laying down the waxin over records just to leave it be
Its eazy Peeze-
Bringing the lethal beatings to beats you see?
While beating the freaking feeling out leeches who seek to be so
Noticed or focused on
By the poppin or local swarmed
Artist who often soften when all's been fuckin overturned
I've got a Loaded Bladder I'mma bout to shit on thee/
Niggas with little witted THOTS
Who plot to rid of me
Better think ahead before I congregate with entities
To end your steez- TG till the end of me
Rest in peace to all my damn enemies and all the fucking frienemies!....You'll all die alike....TERRAGODZ