(Verse 1)
Yeah, I'm real and true
Don't give a fuck, but what sucks is I got feelings, too
Daughter growing fast, she could use a meal or two
Paint a smile on my mask, but feelin' blue...
What's a old kid to do??
Wishing I was still in school
With something to do before 2[pm]
Making due with a whole lot less than I should have to
Why? Cuz I have to
And I can adapt to anything
A capsule ruled my life for longer than I'd ever dreamed
No longer stemmin', now I'm stronger than an Evergreen
When you gonna learn: muscle ain't everything
I can do many things heavyweights
Could never dream to...
I want the cheddar, and I want the C.R.E.A.M., too
Get a bitch wetter than a fuckin stream, true
A fiend, too, in my back-mind;
You lived life to the fullest, I wasted half mine

(Chorus)
16 years I've been takin it back
But muthafuckas don't know cuz they never would ask
I got shit on my mind, tryna stay on-track
But muthafuckas don't know cuz they never would ask
I'm tryna get my bills figured out in a flash
But muthafuckas don't know cuz they never would ask
Muthafuckas don't know cuz they never would ask
A muthafucka don't know cuz he...[cuz he]...

(Verse 2)
...[cuz he]...never asked about it
Like "Man, how ya been?"
90% of them wouldn't spare a minute in 10
To even humor me a minute, and pretend that they
Give a flyin' fuck, or a singular shit -
Unless it benefits them
I ain't blind, you was never a friend
As ingenuine as pleather, as pretend as it gets
I needed someone I could count upon in general, kid
You was my general, kid
Now, you're a feminine bitch
Remember back in '07? When a friend was a friend?
Or did you forget?
Let me refresh your memory, then:
We would scrap back-to-back with whoever was lippin'
And pitch a bitch a whole fist 'til he regrets the decision
But now...
You actin' foul and aggressively different
Made a mess of our friendship, so I'ma question your business
Nothing less than loyalty do I expect from my so-called boy
Who royally tested my extent for forgiveness

(Chorus)
16 years I've been takin it back
But muthafuckas don't know cuz they never would ask
I got shit on my mind, tryna stay on-track
But muthafuckas don't know cuz they never would ask
I'm tryna get my bills figured out in a flash
But muthafuckas don't know cuz they never would ask
Muthafuckas don't know cuz they never would ask
These muthafuckas don't know, just a pain in the ass

(Bridge/Outro)
Don't forget about your friends
Cuz one day, that's all you got...
You burnin' bridges...goin down in flames
Wit no way to get across
I'm lookin down on the liars...
Lookin down on the fake-friends who conspire
And try to take a whole mile...
Got plenty to say bout they' day n never ask how I am