Come take a walk through the mind of Declaime
Come take a walk through my mind [4x]

[Verse 1: Declaime]
All hands in the air when I be out
On black people scream and shout
Until your voices go out
Tell the world what you're about don't lie
You know I got my eye on you
And everything you do but who am I?
One who's true, caught up just like you
In these normal ways these last times and days
Do it to the music in my own ways
Cause sometimes rhyme pays
Don't do this shit for fun
Trying to reach everyone, never be outdone
So when I get over this wall in front of me
Start my legacy go down in history
As he who destroys mcs easily
Ill minds that's hearing me, all start cheering me
So when I step on the stage with rage
Knock the whole crowd back like a gage
Now who the fuck's in charge in that large
Creeping every crack and [?]
Putting all out of service for life
Love this Hip Hop more than niggas love their wife

Come take a walk through the mind of Declaime
Come take a walk through my mind [3x]
"I let you know money I don't play step back and you won't get smack when I say"
"Niggas know the dial so chill for a while"
"Do what I'm suppose to let's get paid for these vocals"
"Do I look like the type that you can test"
"So if you out of tone speaking rock a vest"

[Verse 2: Declaime]
Who dare jump up? get stuck
Like essays when they drunk
Throw that nigga in the trunk
Can't think can't breathe
Madlib put these niggas out of their miseries
Cause I be he who sees far beyond these
[?] points of views
Destroy the spot you rock and leave no clues
Have y'all fools run into [this holes in his shoes]
Who's crew wanna step up just to lose?
Not mine, one eight hundred rap line
Call up get fucked up
Now who's the next up to test?
Weak niggas up to lay and rest
I'm at fest when uplifted, gifted
Jaws dropping "aww"
When I bring it to y'alls raw
Y'all can't ball so chill and stall
All the bullshit that you're bringing
Have the whole world swinging when I'm singing

Come take a walk through the mind of Declaime
Come take a walk through my mind..
"The engine to my comprehension is too complex"
"Perpetrators perpetrating record deals"
"Much greater than your Benz or your Lex the engine to my comprehension is just too complex"
"Best shit that I'm on is my front door slams and fuck these neighbours they'll never understand"

[Verse 3: Declaime]
How many times do I have to say it?
How much more time do I have to take it?
Why do y'all make it?
Watch the way I take it and remake it
This groove move so shake it don't fake it
Have y'alls butt naked
In the back I come strapped [??]
Choose, all in dip or just cruise
Either way if you step you lose
Poet pass the weak with some shit that straight moves
Mountains, ain't no doubt on have the boats coasts shouting
Declaime running thangs rock your whole party
And I got us step on the scene with tricks no one see
And I got her always come correct
I'll keep behind the scenes