[Intro: Mos Def]
Peace
Peace peace peace peace peace peace
Power
Uh
Mad liberator
Def operator
Rock the data
Amazin' flavor

[Verse 1: Mos Def]
The way I feel, sometimes it's too hard to sit still
Things are so passionate, times are so real
Sometimes I try and chill, mellow down, blowin' smoke
Smile on my face but it's really no joke
You feel it in the streets, people breathe without hope
They goin' through the motion, they dimmin' down their focus
The focus gettin' clear and the light turn sharp
And the eyes go teary, the mind grow weary
I speak it so clearly sometimes you don't hear me
I push it past the bass, know nations gotta feel me
I feel it in my bones, black I'm so wide awake
That I hardly ever sleep, my flows forever deep
And it's volumes or scriptures when I breathe on a beat
My presence speak volumes before I say a word
I'm everywhere: penthouse, pavement and curb
Cradle to the grave, tall cathedral or a cell
Universal ghetto life, holla black you know it well
Quiet storm, vital form, pen pushed it right across
Mind is a vital force, high level right across
Soul is the lion's roar, voice is the siren
I swing round, ring out, and bring down the tyrant
Shocked a small act could knock a giant lopsided
The world is so dangerous, there's no need for fightin'
Suckas trying to hide like the struggle won't find 'em
And the sun bust through the clouds to clearly remind him
Everywhere penthouse pavement and curb
Cradle to the grave, tall cathedral or a cell
Universal ghetto life, holla black you know it well

[Hook]
What it is, you know, they know
What it is, we know, y'all know
What it is, Ecstatic, there it is
What it is, you know, we know
What it is, they know, y'all know
What it is, you don't know? Here it is

[Interlude: Mos Def]
Ecstatic! (Un punto)
Peace, power
Fantastic
So original
And always on time and rockin ya mind (Ruler!)

[Verse 2: Slick Rick]
Sit and come relax, riddle off the mac
It's the patch, I'm a soldier in the middle of Iraq
Well, say, about noonish, comin' out the whip
And lookin at me curious, a young Iraqi kid
Carrying laundry, "What's wrong G? Hungry?"
"No, gimme my oil or get [fuck] out my country"
And in Arabian barkin' other stuff ("Jihad!")
'Til his moms come grab him and they walk off in a rush
Distrust, feeling like I've pissed upon wound
I'm like, "Surely hope that we can fix our differences soon!" (Bye!)
Buying apples I'm breakin' on, "You take everything
Why not just take the damn food, black bastard?"
Like I don't understand it, on another planet
15-months of this stuff, how I'm gonna manage?
And increasing the sentiment, gentlemen
Getting down on their middle eastern instruments
Realized trapped in this crowd
Walk over kicked one of my fabulous raps ("La-Di-Da-Di")
Arab jaw drop, they well wish, they glad rap
Now the kid considered like an Elvis of Baghdad

[Sample]
Omar: Men have two faces: one that laughs and one that cries
Ali: They sent you?
Omar: Yeah, so? Here

[Hook]
What it is, you know, they know
What it is, we know, y'all know
What it is, Ecstatic, there it is
What it is, you know, we know
What it is, they know, y'all know
What it is, you don't know? Here it is