[Sample]
My great, great grandaddy, you know
He the one who owned -
Remember the Indian that sold Manhattan to the white man
Yo, that's my great, great grandfather, you know
Um, m-m-my album m-my name is in history and all that
So, you know, I-I just figured he owned Manhattan
And I go into Manhattan everyday, baby
And I see all these buildings
Som-Something has to get paid from somewhere
You know what I'm sayin'?
I just, I just wa-want to be respected in this world
I don't want to down our family trait
Like, like we, like we ain't got nothing
You know what I'm sayin'?
I want, I want to have something
I want to have something for m-m-my kids
And m-my families, and my mom and dad
I want to have good things for them
Life is good, but I need money, you know?
Cuz I got to take care of my children and my families and stuff like that
That's what basically -

[Instrumental]

[Sample]
"Boss?"
"Oh, hi, how are you?"
"How are you today?"
"Fine"
"Um, are you sitting down?"
"Yes"
"Uh, I'm afraid I have some bad news for you"
"What do you mean bad news?"
"Um, I understand that Bob's been with us with almost twenty-years now and -"
"Bob's okay, isn't he?"
"Uh, oh Bob's fine, a little upset, but fine. Uh, he's been a good worker for us, he's made all his quotas, his bonuses have always been in line. Um, but  we're gonna have to let him go. I don't know quite how to tell you."
"Why are you firing him? What's the big reason, what did he do?"
"It's a little delicate. Unfortunately, we found him on top of his desk making love to his secretary"
"Oh, that son of a bitch!"
"Well, I can understand you're being upset at this point, but -"
"Upset is not the word! That stupid rotten son of a bitch! I can't believe this!"
"Well, um, he's gonna need your support through this"
"Support my f***ing ass!"
"Alright, right now he's on his way home now"
"On his way home to me -"
"Yes"
"He's got another thing coming when he gets home. I'm gonna tape the locks on the door, I'm throwing his s*** outside on the front lawn. He can just have it all. I'm not even gonna be here when he gets back. That son of a bitch! And now, now, I don't feel so bad about f***ing his brother!"