O.G.C. (Originoo Gunn Clappaz) ft. M.S., The Representativz, and Bad Vybes - “Elite Fleet”
[Emcee(s): M.S., Top Dog, Lidu Rock, Supreme the Eloheem, Starang Wondah, Bad Vybes, and Louieville Sluggah]
[Producer(s): Baby Paul]
[Scratches: Baby Paul]
[Sample (Melody): The John Payne Band - “Past Days”]

[Intro: Starang Wondah and Louieville Sluggah]
Starang Wondah: Enter, gentlemen
Louieville Sluggah: Take your seats.  You have been brought here for a task only universal soldiers are brought for (Yes)
Starang Wondah: Let’s begin

[Hook: All and (Sample from Craig Mack - “Flava In Ya Ear”)]
The Elite Fleet stands tall and proud
See if you can pick the livest one out the crowd.  Genuine
Emcee (“You won’t be around next year”)
M.S. coming from the rear

[Verse 1: M.S.]
We’ve seen your kind many
Times (Many times), yapping off the gums, letting your lips flap
M.S.’ll push your wig back, giving your brain stain from your shit-crack
For who card should I turn styles like a doorknob?
Bring your mob, but it don’t matter ‘cause me and my squad bogart
For so long, we heard the dumb shit that some do
These bum crews running around, rape ‘em with their one, twos
So act like you want it with that babble you call rap, dukes
I’ll bring it to your grill while Originoo Gunns Clap you
And there’s no doubt I keep your whole crew under pressure
Heltah Skeltah stalking smooth, but you’re my size with the stretchers
Ready to get ya, so open up wide and recognize
And see who stands before your eyes in the ‘9-5
Coping with my high, feeling the lye as I kick it
Big-up my brain thinking of this chickenhead I stuck my dick in

[Verse 2: Top Dog]
They call me
Top Dog, the Top Dog of the year
Flowing with my full-grown dreads in of me ear
When I come through with my Bucktown crew
You better be on-point ‘cause we might be looking for you
All y’all poonani, snake niggas remind me
Why we roll strictly Boot Camp in the 90’s
Come try we if you wanna ‘cause we gwan
Flex-ah, break niggas’ necks-ah
Then hop on the iron horse, get up with my
Elite Fleet so we can smoke X amount of ganja weed
It’s alright if you wanna get high, but when you
Enter the session, make sure you got lye, hah
‘Cause since we smoke mad density
Original dreads, fortified blunt heads—e-
-nough said.  Another punk gwan dead
Fuck all that bullshit.  It’s time to get red-ah

[Hook: All and (Sample from Craig Mack - “Flava In Ya Ear”)]
The Elite Fleet stands tall and proud
See if you can pick the livest one out the crowd
No-frill emcees be around next year (“You won’t be around next year”)
Representativz coming from the fucking rear, yo

[Verse 3: The Representativz]
[Lidu Rock (of The Representativz)]
Missing in action, no time for relaxing
We’re packing mental thoughts to blow this nation’s back in
No need escape this zone unknown ‘cause we
Travel to explore, win the goals, then bring the trophy home
[Supreme the Eloheem (of The Representativz)]
We’re sticking and
Moving, we’re breaking through these niggas’ terrain
Supreme brings pain to your frame—you can’t hang
(Can you maintain?) In the mix where guns click
Thirteen-deep, the Elite, we don’t miss
[Lidu Rock (of The Representativz)]
‘Cause we be the squad called The Representativz
Lidu Rock and Supreme, AKA Ben Grimm and
Mr. Perfect.  Lord, don’t want to be known to hurt shit
Just wanna enterprise and stack papes for what it’s worth, kid
[Supreme the Eloheem (of The Representativz)]
And that’s all.  Now catch a blast from my black pull
Niggas that slack off, I’m breaking their glass jaw
So ask for forgiveness to end this
These Representativz mean business

[Verse 4: Starang Wondah]
Ayyo, I’m hype.  Pass me the motherfucking mic
Rock you like Robin, then I’ll Clock you like Spike
Lee.  S-T-R-A-N-G-L-E
Cooler then Arthur Fonzarelli—that’s what bitches tell me—strictly
Rugged.  Run and tell your momma ‘cause she loves it
Hold shit down like my niggas when they’re pissing out in public
But you know when police spot you, they lock you
But my nigga Hock 2” got you ready to knock, you
Senseless ‘cause, against this, you defenseless
Don’t even speak.  Nigga, you weak, strengthless
So all them niggas keeping their eyes on my cash flow
Ash hole, M16 steam through my afro
It’s all about Da Storm—fuck what you’re under
Gunn Clappa Numba One, AKA Starang Wondah

[Hook: All and (Sample from Craig Mack - “Flava In Ya Ear”)]
The Elite Fleet stands tall and proud
See if you can pick the livest one out the crowd ‘cause other
Emcees (“You won’t be around next year”)
Yo, it’s the nigga Bad Vybes creeping up from the rear

[Verse 5: Bad Vybes]
Now you know Bad want this dough, so I switch
To some next shit in ‘9-6 like, “Fuck a bitch”
But I quickly squeeze up on your shorty’s ass and titties
Then turn to my committee and score her shit a fifty
Percent.  Fake a move, get your shit bent
Whoops!  Down you went, now your face meets cement
I know a lot of guys want to test the Vybes, but
Most of y’all get fried like eggs on the side
(Lone desperado) never could refuse a bottle
Of pain.  My stomach turn from words of a lame
Chump faking jacks while I’m dishing out the smacks
Yeah, you rip tracks, but how you feel with Ruges in your back?

[Verse 6: Louieville Sluggah]
Playing clean sweep for the Elite Fleet, call him Shocker
Second source is out Da Storm, shock like Blanka
Games you hiss, I’ll split—them shits get broken
Like bridges with bitches ‘cause all they see is riches
It’s just awful, something unlawful
Smash the mass and cream, making the dog food
I warned you: one strike, that ass is dead
It’s just not fair.  You know the rules?  Nigga, I don’t care
For you fall, can’t take no more
All the bullshit you had pops out at the front door
Enough of it.  Punk bitch, I know you dug it
Shit got rougher then boulder rocks labeled “granite”
Stoned Elite Fleet jeeps take me home
Buffalo battered and messed, un-safe the chrome

[Interlude 1: Starang Wondah and Louieville Sluggah]
Starang Wondah: Well, gentlemen, it seems we have all come to an agreement.  Along with our dark side connection Heltah Skeltah, we will now be known as Magnum Force
Louieville Sluggah: You all have your orders.  We have come to a successful agreement.  Meeting is adjourned
Starang Wondah: But first, leave your girlfriend’s nude pictures in the basket

[Outro: Sample with Scratches by Baby Paul]
“You won’t be around next year” - Sample from Craig Mack - “Flava In Ya Ear”