Produced by Madlib

Chorus:
Jump on the track with a hardcore hustle
With a busload a niggas this time we bought 'cha muscle

[Verse 1: Jayden .J]
Goin' mental over this Madvillain instrumental
I'm not a big swearer, so why worry?
Unless you're one of those people who's concerned about parental advisory
Sorry, I'll be gentle. This could be experimental
HEY
Unhand my mic, it's sentimental
Not only my mic; don't touch my book, my pen or pencil
I'll strangle you by neck by my Christmas tinsel
Stab your eyes out with with a star ornament (Snore Snore Snore)
Oh wait, you're bored again? (Huh-What?)
How about I leave you where the presents lay? (What? Wait)
& never let you come out as it's the present day, that's forever mate
I don't think you could ever wait that long
You think you can match me? Make that song
(Please, please don-)
Oh I know what you can do for us (What?)
Shut your mouth, never talk again & then just-

Chorus:
Jump on the track with a hardcore hustle
With a busload a niggas this time we bought y'all muscle
Wildchild's the one to uplift most and it's confirmed
So tonight let's bang this Madvillain music 'till it's adjourned

[Verse 2: Wildchild]
Who rushes in head first with the full force of a ram
So the source of the verse coerces the course of a jam
Went to hell and back, saw devil sellin' crack
In fact had to come back with brother with the mask by yellin' "Black!-
Power to the people, who support raw music"
Blessed from the start to keep upliftin' progressive art
To come out and uplift words, take verbalistic leaps
To the next splurge, concoct dope poetical excerpts
Who's the expert? (Wild!) With the physical frame
Who's mental was tamed to get over in this musical game
When the Madvillain breaks your dome you'll see your interval depth
Was written for those that slept, we took one-hundred percent
Unpredictable steps... Say what?
Who's the one that rocked up a party with the vigilance urge
When smokin' the ism the vision is blurred, but vengeance is heard
And just when ya got, caught up in the cynical thought
Intervals in the shape of a mic get pushed straight through your heart like...

Chorus:
Jump on the track with a hardcore hustle
With a busload a niggas this time we bought y'all muscle
Wildchild's the one to uplift most and it's confirmed
So tonight let's bang this Madvillain music 'till it's adjourned