[Verse 1: Madlib]
The catagory's supreme, the track fiend
My system's (?) with the cream
Living on that Cali wild, bugging out on that jazz
We rip it up, and then we jet with the cash
Thinking about and pout 'bout emcees that didn't last
Bust that flavor from the walkman, B-boy styles
So many styles, brothers started calling the argyle
You catch the (?) when we busting the (?)
Show together, when we walk in the place
Studio (?) to bust my (?)
I spark your mental
When I'm rocking the fundamental with no noise
(?) still
The ill professional, (?)

[Hook: Madlib]
Hip hop is like how I feel
Keep it tight up on the west rock my shine and get ill
You sounding out to get the mass appeal
So when we come to run you better sprint for real
You better spring for real G

[Verse 2: Madlib]
I don't understand how you got your record deal
Show respect adn chill 'cause your rec ain't real
(?) to the bubble gum music
You got rap, use it and abuse it
Nowadays a lot of rap, yo I like to lose it
I got to give my own and show why this shit be flowin'
I got to give my backbone when I grab the microphone
Mind it to the major artists, bust it raw
I keep it raw on hard
So if you want to battle you'll end up goin' seeing God
Madlib AKA the dome buster
Got the shine online
Like vocabulary busters
But you now how that go

[Hook: Madlib]
Hip hop is like how I feel
Keep it tight up on the west rock my shine and get ill
You sounding out to get the mass appeal
So when we come to run you better sprint for real
You better spring for real G

[Verse 3: Madlib]
You talking
Like you're flipping scripts, wrecking, turning parties out
Like your man go the clout
I'll spice you all up, fry you like some drought
It doesn't matter who comes out fatter
Cause I'll splatter your main data with grey matter up on (?)
(?)
When I'm chillin' I put on top villain
Start to drillin' when I start to feelin'
Brothers selling out for their record dealin'
I'd rather (?) in the B-boy stance
Get the loot, advance, put your whole click in a trace
Collect two hundred dollars and you land on chance
But you can't recoup your stock, now you commercial finance
You know how that go
(Hip hop is like how I feel)