[Intro: Madlib]
Wha, why you mad?
(Don't go away man) You did that yourself
You brought that upon yourself (What can you do anyway?)
Man, you hear this? ([?] like and learn)
You hear what went down, bro? (Don't go away man)
Shit was crazy (Don't go away- don't go away man)
(lay there, catch your breath, get yourself back together)
Ay, where you going? (You ever seen a bigger fool?)
(Niggas ain't got no respect, no respect)

[Hook: Quasimoto + Madlib]
Ay girl
Don't go away man, just go away
You ain't gotta go away mad girl, just go away
Lord Quas ain't the one to play the hydrant game
Astro black ain't the one to play the hydrant game

[Verse 1: Quasimoto]
You ripped it for the last time, raising your leg on me
Now here you come back and fresh and clean as you can be
Talking about- (I'll give it a little more trust in time)
(If I was you I'd [?] mine)
I'm boycotting your big butt baby
I see your game, you take the cake, you in (Alright honey)
Yeah, like Mr Buddha would say I crown you Miss Universal monkey wrench
(Madlib)
Yo, send in the sub coach, I'm staying on the bench

[Hook x2]
Don't go away man, just go away
You ain't gotta go away mad girl, just go away
Lord Quas ain't the one to play the hydrant game
Astro black ain't the one to play the hydrant game

[Verse 2]
All those lights, two hundred green, and so on
Yep, them shits will still be right here when you done gone (I done tried to tell ya)
And that new sweety man, that you and your friends swore was the perfect gentleman (I see you understand)
That you saw yourself grouping in it
The fancy dresses with no wrinkles dreaming about doing it
(I done tried to tell ya) The world ain't all that high
(I done tried to tell ya) The world ain't all that new
(I done tried to tell ya) The world ain't all that true
(I done tried to tell ya) So now who's the fool?

[Hook x2]
Don't go away man, just go away
You ain't gotta go away mad girl, just go away
Lord Quas ain't the one to play the hydrant game
Astro black ain't the one to play the hydrant game

[Outro: Madlib + Quasimoto]
(My story's said, ain't it?)
Nothing, what's wrong?
What, the cat got your tongue or something? Give me all the details
Yo, ain't but one detail
(What's that supposed to mean?)

[Sample]
You always come out holding gold bladed handles, raising your leg on me
And I always come out holding that sticky brown end
You ripped it the last time mama, raising your leg on me
You ripped for the last time mama, raising your leg on me!