[Sample]

There's nothing really to be frightened of, and what I DO know about this stuff is that's it's uh- It's painless. And it's uh, very quick

[First verse: Madlib]

We go on, on on on, on, on & on, we go...
We go on, on on on, on, on & on, we go...

We always keep it raw like this, since
Ever since brothers step in we commence
To rinse out the rap game, 'cause it's atomic rain
But y'all brothers still rapping the lame, but I won't remain the the same
Or my name ain't "Madlib the Bad Kid"
Smoke a spliff and drink a fifth with my man (what?)
Well if I'm hanging out with my clan
Some brother always got a demo or a tape up in his hand, 'cause (why?)

[Chorus: Madlib]

I said we rock on and on (what'cha mean?)
Till the mother-effing break of dawn
To y'all brothers smoking on that Chrome, we go
On, on on on, on, on & on, we go...
We rock on and on
Till the mother - break of dawn
To ya' mothers smoking on that chrome, we go
On, on on on, on, on & on, we go...

[Second Verse: Madlib]

I got that dirty [?] for your crew(who me?)
We also got that clean shit too
Also roll that West coast, goin' through you
Can't eff with me, so what y'all gon' do? We groove...
Since the last time y'all seen us
Still got that hip hop in us (what?)
Many of you brothers sound like beginners
Y'all niggas always get caught up in some shit, yo, cause y'all pretenders

[Chorus: Madlib]

I said we rock on and on
Till the mother - break of dawn
To y'all brothers smoking on that Chrome, we go
-  - on & on - (what?)
I said we rock on and on
Till the mother-effing break of dawn (say what?)
- - On that chrome, we go

[Third Verse: Madlib]

Hey yo
What the fuck is this shit here?
That's that shit banging up in your ear
Kind of like drinking 2 cases of Heineken beer
So nigga when we run in, get the fuck out of here, No fear
When we doing this, you try to ruin this (ruin this)
Pissed off 'cause y'all can't come like this
Brothers not knowing I'm the chillin'-est
Most coolest, most villainous, doing this for niggas feeling this (What?)

[Chorus: Madlib]

I said we rock on and on (say what?)
Till the mother - break of dawn
To y'all brothers smoking on that chrome, we go
- - on and on (uh huh) (what)
Rock on and on
Till the - - break of dawn
To y'all brothers smoking on that lawn, we go
On, go on, go on, on, on

This one goes out to my man, Medaphoar