[Intro]
He bought me (he bought me)
He paid for me (he paid for me)
He paid for me (he paid for me)
He paid for me (he paid for me)
Died for me at the cross (father)

[Hook]
(I didn't even know it was real)
But it was
Love is love, up is up, hell is hell, up and up, yup in what?
Love is love, love is love

[Verse 1]
I'm shinin' like that, every summer blood
Everyon'll wanna hug, wanna f...
Wanna lover's luck
Want a silver dollar, wanna hold 20 bucks
Had a dream I won a million bucks
Still it never felt better than when I felt her butt..
On my knees fell to God, thank you for my broken heart
Thank you for my Noah's Ark, thank you for the coldest parts
Hey yo, I thank you from the bottom of the bucket where the totem starts
What if somebody sold his heart
Would you read it if he speaks it? Jesus
Would you peep it if he leaked it?
I had the homie push eject on a secret like keep it
I'm looking at my future zeitgeist it
That's a hella-fi remix of how I used to see shit
Now I'm every day stay deep with it
Saw the future, told the homie keep winning, when in doubt
Still finish, bottom line gotta eat
I was 6 when I played Jesus
Nowadays I could play a demon
Back in my mind, hear my ma' speaking, to a kingpin
From an inkpen, asking he then, what he believed in
Good Jesus

[Hook]
(I didn't even know was real)
(I didn't even know was real)
But it was, but it was
Love is love, up is up, hell is hell, up and up, yup in what?
Love is love, love is love

[Verse 2]
I'm shinin' like that, every summer cuz
Every winter wanna thug, just because
What's the worth? what's the church?
Plus the schools, oh the fools
Who will rule, who will duel, who will still pay the few
Who will be the first to get the mule, super cool, yo
Probably revert to getting jewels
Shinin' on them niggas man had to get the tools
(Don't wanna say things just spray things)
But it's too much in the way, things to elevate
Celebrate, to communicate, and levitate and chose the fate
Some of us lose weight, some of us move great
You can wait? wait
You could watch YouTube
You can watch, probably be the best seller
Since a Rolex watch, no computer, bright future
We could progress a lot, ah
It must be the scotch, no wait
If you talking about pape's then it's the drops
Niggers harass us and hella cops, stop
I tell them man
We could sell 'em rocks, from the land that the devil copped
Hold hands while the metal pop
Heavy metal, pop rebel, not hella hot
Shit I'd probably rob hella blocks
And it wasn't for them cops
And good Jesus

Oh it's love (oh it's love), Was it love? (yes it was)
Was it you (was it you?), What it do (what it do)
Who was there? (who was there) Who cares (who cares)
Hold hands (hold hands), say a prayer (say a prayer), amen (amen)

[Verse 3]
I'm shinin' like gold ,every summer buzz
Do your dance with her, cut a rug, rub your gut, ah
Pound a bud, buy a pound, say its on the house
Don't ever doubt a thug
Don't ever doubt a mother, don't ever doubt love
Was this about love, was it about her
Was it about drugs, what such and such does
What such and such stuckies, what it was, what it do
I tell the big homie like I'm telling you
Like I'm telling truth like its hell in through the roof
But this is living proof, I will put it on a mountain that I moved
Ain't a man alive that I've ever bowed to
Never pop the tool on a fool, should be cool but I probably drop a jewel on a fool
Out of school, I be Blu, you be you, we be we, Scooby Doo
It's Blu nigga should have already knew

What is love (was it love), Yes it was (yes it was)
Was it you (was it you?), What it do (what it do)
Who was there? (who was there) Who cares? (who cares)
Hold hands (hold hands), say a prayer (say a prayer), amen (amen)

(I'm shinin' like gold, every summer buzz)
(G's up)

(I didn't even know was real)
(I didn't even know was real)
But it was