[Verse 1]
Coolin' like a north pole native laying naked
In a Hoth like wasteland where the snow is pervasive
Partial with my hatred for there is others who deserve it
More than you but I won't lie you have a little slot reserved
Things fall apart completely but that's nature that's in occurrence
Straying far from this complacency by skating through it's current
Back and forth like a pendulum clock _indicating all the time thats passed me with a tick and tock
Check the wrist watch frequently in hopes that it'll speak with me
Time to work, time to sleep, time to depart peacefully
A piece of me still holds on to an improbable prospect
Which serves as stimulus for creativity and misery
Never meant to mystify your mind without a motive
And if it goes there, oh well, bitch it was supposed to
Once the Yeager settles it will proliferate my psyche
And the floodgates that contained the pain will open and rewrite the
Way I am perceived but I anticipate damnation
Guess I have to reap what I sow from this hellish plantation
..I've heard a lot about the concept of patience
But it's yet to be practiced because I can't wait

[hook]
Do you take this hand from this day forward?
To love and to cherish through sickness and health?
For richer, for poorer, according to holy ordinance
To stand by their side til you're parted by death?
I do. I do too, but do we really mean it?
It seems that we're together for the fact that it's convenient
No one wants to die alone nor do they wish to live it
All we're left with is forgiveness


[Verse 2]
Forever fearful that fulfillment will elude the list of
Human prerequisites one needs to meet before dying
I thought I had it checked off but reality imposed
It's strict agenda yet again as the antonym of benevolent
I've tried explaining this to lovers I've had
And my brutally honest opinion had them thinking I was mad
But I cannot really blame them all for packing their bags
However one did apologize to me and I laughed
A lot weighs on each side of this scale of commitment
Which pales in comparison to marriage and it's victims
Do not get it twisted I'm excited to get hitched
But even more excited to grow from the next time that I get ditched
The right one is out there somewhere, pull out a map
And take your index finger and then point to where you're at
Then with the other hand you have feel the space surrounding that
Now what really makes you think you found your match?
Only been told otherwise by hopeless romantics
My nihilistic loneliness attributes to not having low standards
Those answers I have given propose that I'm damaged
And my response to that is that you're God damn right

[hook]
Do you take this hand from this day forward?
To love and to cherish through sickness and health?
For richer, for poorer, according to holy ordinance
To stand by their side til you're parted by death?
I do. I do too, but do we really mean it?
It seems that we're together for the fact that it's convenient
No one wants to die alone nor do they wish to live it
All we're left with is forgiveness