No More Parties In GC
Please baby No More Parties In GC
No More Parties In GC
Please baby No More Parties In GC

21 and my accolades need page scrolls
So much money off the books dont need a payroll
Been the man since days old, open and case closed
I was hustling summer jobs for them skate clothes
I’m like Beethov, young, deaf & pale
Telemarketing just tryna get that sale
Hoes scream when we hit the hotel
& I never say no think they know me too well
Ugh

Rappers playing keep up like its the E channel
I’m blowing up you blowing out like these candles
Ugh
Check the eyes and see the icon
Went from mic checks
To cheques like tyson
So turn the lights on
Cop it then I try on
Sonning em. Lauryn Hill. son. Zion
Mmm
Hit the PM check the DM
I’m drowning in this liquor, duck diving in the deep end
I’m like oh shit
Mafucker god damn
Got the whip. Got the gas. Got the damn xans
Do the can-can jumping on my dads van
Sip til im slow man, fro like soul man
Fucking with these slow jams flippin em to go ham
Lane you need some blow man, your shits about to blow man
Fam get off my balls why you treat me like a snowman?
Laptop full of nudes. I might turn to Edward Snowden
Ha!

Breaking laws with a J-Law
We jay walk, blaze j’s with our Jays on
I’m like Jay Sean. in 09. its so on
Or Daisy Lowe. remember her? she was so hot
Before IG, Facebook, Tumblr, Twitter thots

We did actually did alot
But now its "help me with this selfie
How i get the likes? Please somebody tell me"
Fam this shit is unhealthy
Staring at your phone every second of the outing

You paid 30 dollars just to snapchat the club?
Black screen with loud music oh you cool as fuck

Hard working men. that shit is dope
Ambitious women. that shit is dope
King hitting motherfuckers? not dope
Spiking motherfucker's drinks? not drope
Tinder matching. got some action. now you laughing
With the boys. tell em all about you smashing
4 months later, hit up bout a pregnancy
So you change your sim card & your identity
Boy that shit is not dope
No more parties on the coast fuck it we going home