[Produced by Madlib]

[Intro]
Open the trunk
(Trunk opening sounds)
(Sounds of yelling over rope)
Shut the fuck up!! Get him out and throw him down

[Hook x2]
Do you ever think? What life will be?
Where you will go, when you die?

[Verse]
Why the fuck did you do it?
Why the fuck did you set me up?
Why the fuck did you betray me enough to try to wet me up?
I'm not ready for the end, I just hope you understand
That money never lies, I'm loyal to the rubber band
I still don't understand why the fuck I gotta bring out the shovel
Just to bury you in the ground to sleep with the devil
It's hard coming to terms with the truth
They say freedom sets you free, when you're a guilty man too
You act like I didn't see the foreshadowing
The shifty eyes, I can see past the formalities
You and me both know we was fuckin' the same ho
The same trick that used us to buy that new Durango
Me? I was just using her for sex
But you fell in love with a bitch, she put you under a hex
Look this isn't no rap or general misogyny
This is some criminal money shit as far as my eyes can see
So everyone uses everyone, you should've expected that
That's why we got out the noose, to put your neck in that
You think I give a fuck I done eliminated competition
To the point, where nobody in hell gonna stop our mission
Got blinded by the dark, but by the time you've seen the light
You paying the cost with every second of your life
Fuck; I don't know where to start
Or how to go on when we leave apart
Or when you dearly depart
I'm just adding the salt
Hang you, chop your body up and put that in the car
I'll admit I'm not a nice motherfucker
This shit changed me cause I'm causing strife motherfucker
I stepped on so many toes that I've cracked the bones
Unable to walk when I bring the gat to their home
So I can see why you would want for me to cease
That way, you could take over and potentially have peace
But everyone's already dead, except those two clowns
But they gonna disappear soon, shit they gonna lose out
Jealousy, envy, greed; cardinal sins
You betrayed a man over those three, shit I'm parking it in
I already lost my soul a long time ago
I can't walk no more, and you're gonna go die a ho
I guess in the end we're all going to the same place
Same strife, same enemies, all with a different face
I got money to survive and feed my old friends
Now the only one left is gonna pass, this shit is so slow man
I should've addressed all of this shit 'forehand
But it's too late to rewind the clock, otherwise I would've done it
All this shit, I don't know man I just can't stomach it
I just wanted to throw dice and declare I was runnin' it
I busted down every door, always yelling "I'm coming in"
These flaws in character are the reasons why I got here
The same reasons why you'll either be hung or shot here
After this I'm gonna need to drink a lot of beer
To forget all of my problems, I'm already suffering the loss here
Fucking hell, I can't believe the thoughts through my mind
I just can't fucking wait until I get shot off and die
You know, I can't wait 'til I see you in the afterlife
Hopefully shit will be different, without all of these caps and ice
Fuck it, I'm ready for this shit to end
I'm sorry old friend

[Outro + (Hook x2)]
(Sounds of someone suffocating)
Do you ever think? What life will be?
Where you will go, when you die?