[Verse 1: Austro]
*ahem* Silence! Austro's approachin' the podium
Tell the salty niggas in the back to watch they're sodium
The one man panic attack, preachin' pandemonium
Bad man of the annual, campaign to "Kony" him
Catch him in a dim den, tokin' on that opium
“Give him a hand folks!” Fuck that, I want the whole limb
And yo, only the strong can hang on
It’s Austin Tureaux, don't say the name wrong
Got connects from "Hong-Kok" to "Bang-Kong"
Can't forget Korea, shout out to my nigga Young
Uhn and I'm prized like Picassos
She wants me to tie the knot, i tell her, "Grab the lassos!"
Welcome to Austro’s awesome fiasco
Still a  hot mess, like "Who spilled the tabasco?!"
Syrup on her breasts I'm  not talkin’ chicken and waffles
After we get dressed, i take her downtown to Roscoe's
I'll be a gentlemen, when i can
But it’s hard when I got so many hardened sentiments
Faith, family, trust, love, drugs, and women in
My life got my psyche in a cylce spinning and
Rinsing, there no need to repeat this
Real life struggle for a villian in the streets, its…
'Bout time i learn Spanish and vanish, vamanos!
I'm headed to Acapulco, Austro adios!

[Verse 2: Austro]

Bloody hell, the beat came climbin’ back
Cookin’ more than Lil B, niggas call me "Heisenblack"
Rap and me got chemistry, I gotta keep my rhymes in tact
Shit's so dope gotcha cravin’ another line of that
Hot fire, I spit like Dylan
Gun for hire hittin' licks in a nylon
Can’t be candid about which planets I'm on
Cosmo's most wanted,intergalactic icon
Stellar stanzas bound to overthrow ya
Super nigga's bouta explode, go super nova
*boom* I'm the brightest light in years
I'll blind ya eyes and silence ya ears
But first things first, I gotta face my fears
I got life on earth, I gotta do my years
We can battle, when I win don't cry
The victorious s-k-i n-n-y
I'm small fry, but don't try to call my bluff
You'll end up in a casket with a handful of flowers up
Talk a tall a game, but chya really twin tower tough
A zip and buttercup, I'm higher than a Powerpuff!
Pause... straight outrageous when I'm flowin'
Turnt up Vegas, afraid and I'm loathin
Trippin’ on the strip, yep i took off all my clothin'
And the pigs just got a tip of my indecent exposin'
“Oh my God, Becky, alert the authorities!”
*static* "We need back up, this nigga’s getting ornery!"
But I ain't gonna stop til they corner and Chris Dorner me
I gotta share my story, that's why Roys recordin’ me