Intro: Out of this world, we those with the Galactic flow, The Enlightenment. J Tombs, Delande

Tombs: To think a King & Queen have this title in life but when they die, the tomb says "Here lies, King George." We all human but these actions are inhumane, acting like wild animals who have no brains. We'll still rot in the ground, with or without a crown. Not knowing my destiny, am I going up or down? To think there could've been equality but everyone wants that authority with superiority. We all people, some evil, their minds are feeble. Call me shaq cause I know this, shaqknowsthis. You poppin questions I got the answer like Iverson it's been a while since I was the first one. Call me Tsar, call me Sire, call me King, still a human ain't greater than no one. That title don't mean shit could still get struck and hit and layed in a ditch, bitch

All these niggas tryna get rich, spit on you ugly ass niggas

Delande: Money, One of the ways to hell, won't have enough FOR bail, when they put you in jail, yeah cash separates the rich and poor, but when you deal with taxes money's no more. I wake up at night knowing I have no cash and that's not right, even with money I can't buy my fucking rights

Tombs: To think I could've been throwing dollars at strippers, I'm throwing pennys at niggas cause they worthless figures, everyone's a slave to the industry, government been trying hard to destroy me, destroy us, won't let em get to us, what does this title represent to us!? Or them. To think you're better than someone when you're really the same, you just can't see without a brain, or your sight, can you even find the light? You have eyes but no sight!? Mentally blind & physically, giving heavy titles to ignorance, weak MC's but never people like me, oh wait I mean people like us, causing a ruckus. To snatch that crown and turn you into the clown that you make everyone else, when the king has a title that's lesser and is now a court jester

Ha, your title is lesser, always has been, gotta intervene before something happens

Delande: Currency ruins families that can barely afford to eat, my parents be working everyday just to make ends meet. When I was little I had no fancy shoes or nothing, I had to get out there and do something

Tombs: Word, Word, niggas really think they have a title or some shit

Delande: Word word