You know things ain't right
We knew from the get go that
Things weren't going to be cool all the way through
We knew, we knew things was gonna fall off..

[Verse 1: Declaime]
The world is getting wicked I just can't stick with it
I know it's gonna get more hectic I can't escape it
So I play it, like it's suppose to be played
Stay in the confines of them laws that were laid
Damn, don't [something] really got it made
Get paid while the poor try to get more out of life
Shit ain't right, with all the fight for revolution
Many questions no solutions like creation
Is it true what was told?
Or is it just a fable grown old?
Or people still sold as slave?
Why is it that I crave beef?
Always getting stuck in my teeth
Once at life, now I cut it with my knife and fork
Another flave was pork, chops, questions don't stop
The clock it don't stop, watch the world drop
Into its own blood, fires, earthquakes and floods
[Where one] powerful man once stood
Fools fall apart from the hills to the hood
All is rotting, no good
Time to throw you all out
Your money is no good
Your time is run out
Understood?

There's no more time, time is up
It was told a long time ago
Not much time not much time..

[Verse 2: Declaime]
What goes around comes back I'm sure about that
Life ain't what it all seems to be fact that
More than half a fews have see attack
Life with no responsibility perhaps
The ability to write what's wrong
It's gone all too long the world and its people dog wrong
Why is it that there's killing? some may even willing
But they do it for their countries they do it for their thrones
Manipulated puppets with no mind of their own
Sickness spreads as corruptness heads society
My nation lies to me telling me things in my ear I wanna hear
Don't know who to fear, the devil or the government?
And am I really heaven sent? my mind goes blank
Let me get down on my knees to pray and thank
You who gives all, aloud to stand tall
Watch my steps to see that I don't fall

It is only one and if you do not believe in that one
Than what else do you have to go by
What standards are set for you..

[Verse 3: Declaime]
Things ain't what they're supposed to be
Fools is falling off constanly into their own ways
Now it's time to pay I say we brave
Only you can choose your destiny
This is for you straight from D-E-C
Cause I have found knowledge of self
That means I'm bound in myself I found
Uplift and righteouness not overdoing this
By trying to preach but I must reach
With what little I have, I shall try to grab
[???] you'll hear this
Don't front just feel this
Only a fool said in his heart
There is no God make some corrupt
Fake like diamonds flood

And so it was said
Why did everybody [?] get mess with?
Why are so many dead?
Why is the streets rolled with red?
Why bodies [?] all over the nation..