[Verse 1]
Don't wanna talk about the ???
When I get home ??? I know it's hard bein alone
But try bein alone in a hole, it's not me
But they got me under lock and key
Soon we'll be together, once they set me free
Altought misunderstood, I promise I'll be good
I'm thinking 'bout takin' you out the hood to Hollywood
Cause you're my star and I thank the Lord for havin' ya
Around, when a nigga really needed a partner
You was my baby girl and I was your father
It's harder to beat the system from the inside
First it breaks down yourm mind, then strips your pride
But a man always stands on two feet, his heart pumps one beat
His soul never leaves the street
For the body of empowerment, sling pies to the government
I'm coming home, but someone's goin' in

[Hook]
Baby, I seen better days
Like them days whem I'm with you
Without you I'm so alone
Baby, I'm coming home

[Verse 2]
Is this my bitch? What up baby, you's be doin it?
How's things been movin and how my niggas doin?
Is everything on the up and up?
Or tell me who I gotta scream on for fuckin up
Send a ??? to them niggas that ain't keep in touch
And let 'em know that them blocks they hold
Well I don't know
I'm coming home and things might change a little
'Cause they know they owe it back to ??? issues
I'ma need you to come real heavy this next visit
'Cause my man got more time
He gon' hold down the business side
While we rippin down 125
In the SL55, yeah, getting high
Ma, we got work to do
Tell Papi and them to work with you
I'll see 'em on the first of June
Let the The Inc know that I'll be home soon
Set a nigga out
I gotta go, Ma
I'm out

[Hook]
Baby, I seen better days
Like them days whem I'm with you
Without you I'm so alone
Baby, I'm coming home

[Verse 3]
I hit the streets so, fresh so clean
Only been home a week but you should see how them ??? gleam
Last time out you brought me the burgundy Bent'
Dressed me in all Burberry and had wifey all worried
But baby, I'm heaven sent, you know
They call me young L-O-K-I, the angel of ones demise
Take a look in my eyes and see the passion
I'm just wonderin if y'all watchin, that's what i'm askin
And if I ask too many questions that can't get answered
I'ma take it out on the world, niggas will start smashin
Cause ain't nobody livin the way we live
??? ghetto bastards
And everything we do exceptional
Look savage
It it because we gotta grind from the ground up
Or maybe it's because them better days don't see us
No matter what the schoolin is
Penn State or the state pen
My better days is about to begin

[Hook]
Baby, I seen better days
Like them days whem I'm with you
Without you I'm so alone
Baby, I'm coming home