[Ja Rule]
Gotti, here we go again, yo..

Two two-nine and seventy-six, get off my dick, niggas I'm born
The future problem's, kickin and carryin on
Cause I got blood in my lungs and can't breathe, just conceived
And a nigga already fixin to leave
This ungodly world - and to think, I got a baby girl
To raise, in this deadly era of AIDS
Just yesterday we were slaves, and good friends
Now that we got ends that don't meet niggas we will meet again
I wanna know why, the shit gets said
The shit gets wrote, the shit gets read, motherfuckers get fed
I shed a tear for my rider, cause thugs cry
And the truth'll shatter niggas pride like cold lies
Can I live? Dog, why you wanna stop the Rule from risin?
And I G for me, surprise and growl
At the young that you called a liar
Now I'm the king of this jungle, no more denyin
Talk to the iron if you wanna holla, I'll pop at you
Probably, piercin your bone when you poppin your collar
Cause this is, pain over love, my style's brain on drugs
Yo' style's can't catch up to Rule niggas whassup?
Motherfucker

[Hook: Ja Rule]
When the gun blows, and the shots fall
When the smoke clears, we'll be right here
Screamin murder (murda!) Know it's murder (murda!)
Murder (fuck y'all!) We'll be right here (you hear?)
When the gun blows (c'mon!) and the shots fall (c'mon!)
When the smoke clears (murda!) we'll be right here (murda!)
Screamin murder (yeah!) Know it's murder (yeah!)
Murder - we'll be right here - cause it's.. MURDER!!!!

[Ja Rule]
Yeah.. yeah..
M'uhfuckers y'all want problems, c'mon, I'm the nigga to give 'em
Niggas don't want none of the Rule they know how hard I'm hittin
Why should I bother with 'em, when they ain't touchin what I'm doin?
I'm takin this rap game, to levels that's unhuman (c'mon niggas)
I'm a beast, with animalistic, intentions
And the best of y'all niggas is honorable mentions
Standin next to I-N-C, niggas
Y'all fear we, rap's first organized crime family
Sellin more records than dope, these days apparently
Got bitches on both coasts, we don't fuck sporadically
How you gon' handle me? I'm pushin your pill
Crossin 'em over, shoot from the corner, three mill'
I'm the franchise deal that bust hotter than burners
Y'all niggas want it come and get it
But just know motherfuckers it's - MURDER!!!!

{*delay*}

[Hook: Ja Rule]
When the gun blows, and the shots fall
When the smoke clears, we'll be right here
Screamin murder - know it's murder
Murder - we'll be right here
When the gun blows, and the shots fall
When the smoke clears, we'll be right here
Screamin murder - know it's murder
Murder - we'll be right here - cause it's.. MURDER!!!!