[Intro - (Talking)]

"My nigga Buck 3000 over here, you know, my nigga Gotti, the Princess, Momma, what’s up baby? haha, Brooklyn son, what up what up? My nigga Lloyd, my
Nigga Caddy, my nigga C. Gotti, my nigga Young Merc, my nigga Blackchild (EXODUS), my nigga Cool Joe, this is a new beginning, you know, i see everybody
In the building, my nigga L, my nigga Gab, my whole Murder Inc. mob, yo, you know how we do, yo, yo all my niggas"

[Verse 1]
"THIS HERE IS EXODUS!! say goodnight to the legend
Cause lord knows the world gon' miss him
Universal the system is similar to institutionalism
And i just did 7 years in prison
Now I’m a free parolee and time spent, its money they owe me -
Give me my space don’t crowd me homie
I’m a motherfuckin’ huuuusstlerrr
Pushin' rhymes like weight, but sometimes its slow
It’s up and down like the Dow Jones, shit fluctuates -
But my real niggas still keep their stock in me
Feds investigate, the monopoly
Preme team, Murder fuckin’ I-N-C, there's no stopping we from"
(EXODUS)

[Interlude (talking):]

"You know what i think, i think the world doesn’t have a clue, on what its like to be a, a superstar in the spotlight, and and, everybody is lookin’ at
You and everybody’s, you know, scrutinizing you and they got their lil opinions and shit. I came in this game, you know and got in this music business to
Do what i do, to make music for the people to enjoy, for the world to love, you know, and and somehow i became a motherfuckin’ criminal hahahahaha"

[Verse 2]
"Yo, damn i remember when it was on UPN News
And i refused to start losin’; and hopped in my WHOOO
Got a recruit from this (nice?) and peeled back the WHOOO
Niggas listen in i'll tell you how it all began [gun shots]
That's how it sounded when I-N-C came into the game
On 10th of murder then - them, them
Well we, we, we, cause these boys is hot
These boys got Glocks, these boys send shots do you know what its like, to live your life hard knock?
I think not thats why you live it safe through mine
I think plot then kill, you think suein' them blind
You think lifes a bitch? i think the bitch is mine!
We'll never see eye to eye, ya’ll corporate, we gangsters
And niggas tryin' my patience is gettin' me anxious
To speak for my defendants, that say that they plaintive
Guess we guilty by song, but yo the government must be on"
(Exodus)

[Outro (talking)]

"I mean to think that we would jeopardize everything that we built, to motherfuckin’, sell drugs and launder money? i mean are you fuckin’ serious!? You
Understand, I-I mean, we-wer're a company you understand, a-a-a record company, that wants to show love to every nigga that can't get love, that can't
Recieve love, from, from motherfuckin’, the corporate world, that can't go get a job, cause they been in jail, they did a 3 to 9, a motherfuckin’, a bit or
Whatever the case may be they did for their time. We give these motherfuckers the opportunity, we give them jobs, cause ya’ll ain’t gonna give 'em the
Jobs, so we give it to 'em. And motherfuckers wanna look at us and down us for what we do for that! They wanna call us motherfuckin criminals and crime
Family for that! Well if they wanna call us criminals and crime families, then so be it motherfucker! Cause these is my niggas. and if nobody’s gonna
Stand up for my motherfuckin’ niggas, then we gon' do it ourselves, we gon' police ourselves, thats how we been getting down nigga, holla back at me
Rule. EXODUS!!!