[Intro: DMX]
I ain't goin back to jail
Next time, the County or the State see me
It's gonna be in a bag
UHH! This is it baby!
End of the road, ha hah!
When you a dawg, you a dawg for life!
You don't hear me though, you don't hear me though
You don't hear me though, c'mon, c'mon!

[Verse 1: Method Man]
Watch them young guns that take none, nobody safe
From the Friday the 13th, ghetto Jason
Itchy trigger finger achin, snatch yo' ass
Out that S-Class for fakin, forty-fo' blast
Is a bloodbath, take your first step down a thug path
Ain't no love here, just slugs here
Kids know the half you get plugged here, that's just impossible
For the weak to last now behold the unstoppable
Third eye watchin you, watchin me
Throwin rocks from the penalty box, cop a plea
Young G we was born to die, don't cry for me
Just keep the heat closely and ride for me
Cause we family for better or worse, you and I
From the dirt, you snatch purse, so hard it hurt
To be here, and each year, I'm pourin out more beer
For deceased peers, holdin fort
Police line 'Do Not Cross', they found his corpse
In the loft with the head cut off, and butt naked
Homicide the crime Method, add another
Killer verse to the murder record, the Grand Finale

[Lennox speaking - movie dialogue]
Who wan' test me, c'mon!
Me shot pussy-hole fi fun

[Verse 2: Nas]
Hot corners, cops with warrants, every block is boring
Friday night, getting bent, liquor pourin'
My dawg, not even home a month yet, and blaze a girl
In the stomach, he robbin niggas who pumpin
Lil' Blood got popped, by the group home cat
Everybody nervous in the hood, pullin they gats
Fiend yellin out, who got those? Go and see
Shorty snot-nosed, he don't floss but he got dough
Thug faces, fugitives runnin from court cases
Slugs shootin past for the love of drug paper
Queens cap peelers, soldiers, drug dealers
And God'll throw a beam of lightning down cause he feel us
May the next one, strike me down if I'm not the realest
The Mayor wanna call the SWAT team to come and kill us
But, dawgs are friends, if one see the morgue, one'll live
To get revenge, and we ride to the end
Bravehearts blow the lye with Henn, and still rise
Took alive with live men, my man got three six-to-eighteen's
And only five in, the Belly of the beast
Didn't wanna hear the shit I tried to tell him on the streets
It's irrelevant, the beast love to eat black meat
And got us niggas from the hood, hangin off his teeth
We slangin to eat, bringin the heat
Bulletholes, razor scars is the pain in the street, huh

[Chorus: Ja Rule]
When you a dawg you a dawg for life (ride or die)
My dawgs feel pain from love (see eye to eye)
Give us one shot at life (let us fly)
Come on niggas! (we dawgs for life)

[DMX and Lakid {dialogue}]
There's mad money out here dawg
Mad money out here
What you tryin to get it? (Word up)
You gonna bust your gun to get it? (Tsh, whatever yo)
I hear you I hear you

[Verse 3: DMX]
Uhh, I've lost my grip on reality or so it would seem
Pinch myself to wake up, cause I KNOW it's a dream
Niggas that don't know me see me and think I'mma rob em
Niggas that know me well see me and think I'mma problem
I'm just a nigga that's misunderstood
But word to God I turn your last name to Underwood
Cause if I see it, I'mma take it and run with it, that's me
What type of bullshit is this nigga on? That's D
The dawg come and getcha outside
The more blood flows, when I plug holes with the snub nosed
Gun blows, bullets whistle, wouldn't miss you
Hit you all up in your mouth like it tried to kiss you
Drama, it's right here, how MUCH YOU NEED?
Beat you down with gat see how MUCH YOU BLEED
How MUCH YOU PLEAD, for your life, you was a killer
And all the bitches comin up out that ass you feelin, gettin realer
Now beg for your life, one more time, one more crime
One more nine, c'mon cry nigga
It's over! This is the shit, that hits hard
You either the last one standing, or the last one to fall

Chorus