[Intro]
Yeah... ahhhh, ahhh
Yeah, I'ma tell y'all a little story
It's a classic tale of love, hate, jealousy.. betrayal
Judas... forgive them father for, they know, not what, they do
(Yeah, let's go.. let's talk to 'em, haha)

[Verse 1]
Dear Judas, what it do homie?
How you feeling these days nigga, a little lonely?
No D, no Y, no E, no Kiss, no Styles
No Ruff, no Ryders, Double R's finest
We grown men nigga, I tried to put it behind us
But niggas always mistake weakness and kindness
Til it gets to violence
Then it's too late to silence
The wolves from howling, the gunshots, the sirens
The mind set of a nigga when niggas got problems
Instead of resolve 'em, rather result to revolvers, to be honest
Betrayal's a blessing, like a promise that's broken
I see through lies more than often
Look in the mirror, can you lie to your own portrait?
If so, then look a little closer
And tell me who you see
And if you proud of what you saw
'Cause who you are is Judas

[Chorus]
After all that we've been through (I never thought it'd be you)
Trust in all I thought I knew (guess I didn't know you well)
Tell the lies to hide the truth (should have known they wasn't true)
Who would ever think that you'd (turn out to be a Judas)

[Verse 2]
Dear Judas, or should I say Judai?
I wanna say I miss you, but that might be a lie
And I can't lie to myself too much self pride
I can lie to anyone else, at times even God
Now you claim heartbreak and emotional scars
But I say you was getting while it's good 'til it's gone
But you of all people should know my lights don't turn off
And this is my sitcom, you're just a spin-off
And I don't mean to be harsh, but sister you're lost
One like Jay and Beby, Fay' and Biggie
It really hurt when you said you can't throw any
M's up, baby 'cause it's hurting your image, really?
Have you looked at yourself lately?
If not, then look a little clearly
And tell me who you see
And if you're proud of what you saw
'Cause who you are is Judas

[Chorus]
After all that we've been through (I never thought it'd be you)
Trust in all I thought I knew (guess I didn't know you well)
Tell the lies to hide the truth (should have known they wasn't true)
Who would ever think that you'd (turn out to be a Judas)

[Verse 3]
Dear Judas, this one's for whom ever the shoe fits
'Cause niggas wear hate like Air Forces
Talk shit, of course they do, it's the price of fame
If part of this is getting paid then so is being betrayed
But how it all plays out is how it's being portrayed
I don't believe half of anything anybody says
You liar you, you lie to me
Here lies the truth, RULE, you in the way? MOVE
And I'm talking to you, you, you and you
If you know who you are, then come holla at the God
Judas's, Jesus, Caesar, and Brutus's
While we must forgive, damn it father
For them know not what they do
I'll keep my hand on my gun, on my Bible, and pray for you
'Cause you'll never be the same since I saw you as Judas

[Chorus]
After all that we've been through (I never thought it'd be you)
Trust in all I thought I knew (guess I didn't know you well)
Tell the lies to hide the truth (should have known they wasn't true)
Who would ever think that you'd (turn out to be a Judas)