[Intro]
Fuckin' clown ass motherfuckers, man
Who they think they fucking with?
These niggas must be out their fucking minds
-So, what you wanna do?

Come on, let's ride!
Dear God...
All riders, come on...

[Chorus]
Where my bitches that down to freak with me?
(Come on, let's ride!)
How many my niggas down to roll with me?
(Come on, let's ride!)
Where my bitches that would lie for me?
(Come on, let's ride!)
How many niggas that down to die for me?
Die for me, die for me...

[Verse 1]
Where the fuck my thugs at?!
Ready or not nigga ain't no turnin' back
Where the fuck my hoes at!?
Who I pimp hard
When they wanna get too attached
But you know you can't do that, love
I'm just here to fuck, you know that, love
Want you want, baby, roll it or what
While you think about
Twist me a douche, you holdin' me up
How many bitches wanna ride with me?
Or come through with the top down, like
Where my bitches at hop in, make it fast, don't slow me down
Where the fuck my killers at?
End of the light, wait now
Pop and be done with 'em now
Niggas don't want it now
Bet you mothafuckers foldin' up now!
Where the fuck them clowns at?
Kickin' the dough for the pussy by the hour
Where them hoers at?
Get YOUR DOUGH, MAMA!!!
I'ma ride 'til the end of the road, baby
This life gonna drive me crazy
Been getting high lately
Wonderin' where the lord gonna take me
Where the fuck my gangsters at?
Coo, never sweat under the gun
Where the fuck my Mistress at?
Cock back, ready to pop something
Since you niggas all about frontin'
Let's how and when you want it
Ya don't want my thugs to get up on it
Leave it alone 'cause we bought our liquor, now

[Chorus]
Where my bitches that would freak with me (come on let's ride)
How many my niggas that would row with me (come on let's ride)
Where my bitches that would lie for me (come on let's ride)
How many niggas that would die for me, die for me, die for me
Where my bitches that would freak with me (come on let's ride)
How many my niggas that would row with me (come on let's ride)
Where my bitches that would lie for me (come on let's ride)
How many niggas that would die for me, die for me, die for me

[Verse 2]
Bitch niggas better smarten up
Before I bring out the toast, and touch you up
Fuckin' with Ja, you know you got a lot of luck
But nowadays you ain't gettin' out as much
What the fuck is up, baby boy, you scared or what?
I spits nothin' but the hot shit
So all you haters who wanna pop shit
You don't know who you fuckin' with
Let me show how life's a bitch
I went through Drug money
Hustlin' every day to get a taste
Moved on to Blood money
Killin' niggas back then for a small face
Got into Hot money
What's your's is mine, in every case
Now it's Green money
Spit the raw and forever more keep chase
Holla out my niggas, be the word of mouth
My bitches bang head like the dirty south
Nigga, bounce
Roll, my niggas
Ride, my bitches
If you ain't heard nigga, ride out with us
Where the fuck all my murderers!?
Hit up with the heat, nigga, just because
Got the whole world wonderin'
What the motive was
Let's ride!

[Chorus]
Where my bitches that would freak with me (come on let's ride)
How many my niggas that would row with me (come on let's ride)
Where my bitches that would lie for me (come on let's ride)
How many niggas that would die for me, die for me, die for me

[Verse 3]
(The Lord is callin' me) recently but ain't got time to speak
(Lord what you want from me) hope it ain't my time for the glen to reap
(Niggas be killin' me) turn around, look at them eye-to-eye
Gun 'em down
(That's how I hit 'em and) cool'em off what the fuck is you hollin' 'bout
(Niggas be runnin' wild) paid to strip what ever happened to the sun hit
(Will never calm down) deal with it, a lot of niggas get killed for this
(Especially my niggas) rest in peace to my dogs with love 'til death
(For when I die niggas) Heaven or hell, I've been down with some of the best yeah nigga

[Chorus]
Where my bitches that would freak with me (come on let's ride)
How many my niggas that would row with me (come on let's ride)
Where my bitches that would lie for me (come on let's ride)
How many niggas that would die for me, die for me, die for me
Where my bitches that would freak with me (come on let's ride)
How many my niggas that would row with me (come on let's ride)
Where my bitches that would lie for me (come on let's ride)
How many niggas that would die for me, die for me, die for me