[Intro]
Niggas, bitches
Gather round, got a story to tell
There it is, there it is

[Verse 1]
Yo, it's widespread
Thoroughbred, shockingly took two to the head
Knowledge me, God, the shit I'm 'bout to holler is hard
From start, this little nigga had a hell of a heart
His pops, bangin' that shit in his arms, broken
A young mind distorted molded, is there an upside?
His brother got murdered Up North by nietas
My ma, battlin', cancer, of the colon
At the tender age of thirteen, watchin' his world close in
Blood damn near frozen, from a heart so cold
It ain't pumpin' out the love no mo', and I feel that
'Cause God, when you really need it, where the love at?
That's why a lot of niggas got more faith in they gat
Freeze that like a photo, take it with you and know
This lil' nigga bout to kill all comers for cash flow
His role model, the heat, cause it runs streets
His motto, 'Nobody eats but me!'
Finally this young thug turned pro
Used to show love, now he got nothin' but hatred and foes
Five-double-oh's, hoes so deep
He the type of nigga that got it and break down a key
Remember me? J to the A, R-U-L, E baby
Smell the beef, and continue to uhh, give 'em hell
Fill they bodies with shells and leave niggas
With a story to tell, uh-huh

[Chorus]
Listen up, I got a story to tell
On the streets we got guns, and drugs for sale
'Cause you hoes know the game that we play is real
Keep your mind on the money and your weapons concealed
Listen up, I got a story to tell
I'm prayin' to God, know I'm goin' to hell
If it's out of my hands, I'll let time prevail, huh
Listen up, I got a story to tell
Listen up, I got a story to tell
Shit...
Niggas mothafucking die for the shit we do!
Hustle hard, from city to city, from state to state...
Let me holla at y'all

[Verse 2]
Son in B'More, we scored more, than ever before
Copped the two-door, six-double-oh off a roll
Show no love for loss since big eight be that lucky, number
We slammed eight of those in Kentucky
Kept the currency comin', mo', diamonds
New clothes, L.A. hoes that'll ride us pronto
Once you, lived in luxury, you can't leave it
Find yourself, turnin' broke bitches into divas
Can you believe this? In Cleveland we cuttin' these niggas breathin'
Tie 'em on every block, 'til we shut down shop
So keep your Glock cocked, one in the head
Push the five series drop, just in case we gotta spit and spread
The alibi be simply, we was in the Carribean
With two of our women friends, sippin' Remi and Henny
From there we'll flow, to the Florida Keys and blow trees
Fuck a couple of hoes, and spend some cheese
That's how a boy's life is supposed to be
Make our way to N.O. 'cause we, 'bout it, 'bout it
Then down to D.C. where they, cock it, pop it
Listen up, life is nothin' but the hot shit, from here to Wisconsin
Y'all niggas can get it constant
It ain't hard that's like pushin' dope in the 5th Ward
And just to get to God, I'll go through hell
Leave the world, a story to tell, heh

[Chorus]
Listen up, I got a story to tell
On the streets we got guns, and drugs for sale
And you hoes know the game that we play is real
Keep your mind on the money and your weapons concealed, huh
Listen up, I got a story to tell
I'm prayin' to God, know I'm goin' to hell
If it's out of my hands, I'll let time prevail
Listen up, I got a story to tell
Listen up, I got a story to tell
Listen up, I got a story to tell