[18 second intro about the Bible]

[Intro: Ja Rule (Jimi Kendrix)]
Yeah, yeah (woo!) woo (we here, geah)
C'mon (we ain't goin' nowhere, c'mon)
Remix, c'mon
(Now, this is Jimi Kendrix
I'ma run through the roster up in here
LLOYD, CAD, BLACK CHILD, CHARLI)
Let 'em know (on Murder Inc.)
Uhh (startin' with Ashanti - AND!)

[Chorus: Ashanti & (Ja Rule)]
J-A, R (yeah), U-L-E (what, let 'em know)
(Who else you thought it would beeeee
All my bitches with me say)
J-A, R, U-L-E (what's my name, niggas?)
(Who the fuck else would it, beeeee
Everybody with me say)

[Verse 1: Ja Rule]
Holla!!  I'm back
Anyone with good sense bet on that
'Cause I ain't never went nowhere, I still got business here
All my bitches get your hands in the air
Now BACK THAT ASS, UP ON ME - now let's roll
Go, goin', gone, sold
What's cooler than bein' cool? (ICE COLD) y'all know
That I do this for all my niggas and my bitches
And it's murder 'til day that I die, can't spit it no more
All my niggas that hustlin', get yours
All my bitches that's makin' money, get yours
The world ain't only mine, it's yours
And I'm sure
That, there's no love if you don't go through pain
And I'm the nigga that done changed the game
What's my name?

[Chorus: Ashanti & (Ja Rule)]
J-A, R (yo), U-L-E (c'mon c'mon niggas)
(Who else you thought it would beeeee
All my bitches with me say)
J-A, R, U-L-E (yeah, uhh, c'mon, c'mon)
(Who the fuck else would it, beeeee
Everybody with me say)

[Verse 2: Ja Rule]
Who's that nigga?
If you feelin' yourself use that nigga, tryin' to get hit up
Buried in cat litter 'cause that's how Inc. get up
Makin' sure they don't get up, it's murda
Who's that bitch?
If you feelin' yourself use that bitch, tryin' to get rich
Dyin' to get hitched to a nigga that's caked up
Willin' to spend time and even more at Jacob
But you assume position, face down, ass up
And I think I got you in that same pose pinned up
In a picture painted frame been hangin' love
Ass naked, lookin' like you're high on drugs
And that's whassup, what, all bitch niggas is gettin' touched
And all bad bitches is gettin' fucked
'Cause you know who, did you know what, if you know what's
Then you know it's not a game, what's my name?

[Chorus: Ashanti & (Ja Rule)]
J-A, R, yeah, U-L-E
(Who else you thought it would beeeee
All my bitches with me say)
J-A, R, U-L-E (...hahaha)
(Who the fuck else would it, beeeee
Everybody with me say)

[Verse 3: Ja Rule (Ashanti)]
Yo, ba-by girl, is you with me? Shit (yes sir!)
Sayin' all of that without speakin' a word
(I like) to do this that and a third
(And I love) the way you put in reverse
And now clap for me mami, clap back, keep it swervin'
Wide body had to be built by suburban
Niggas around lookin' like they nervous, I see 'em
Niggas around me wanna rob him and leave him
But I'm partyin' tonight for one reason
Niggas know that the bullshit was dead on the streets
Niggas I'm gettin' high, gettin' head as we speak
Long live the great ones, B.I.G., P-A-C
I'm Ready to Die, All Eyez on Me
And niggas know they can do it the same
But still they try, guess that's part of the game
WHAT'S MY NAME?

[Chorus: Ashanti & (Ja Rule)]
J-A, R (yeah), U-L-E (c'mon, y'all know)
(Who else you thought it would beeeee
All my bitches with me say)
J-A, R (c'mon) U-L-E (what's my name?)
(Who the fuck else would it, beeeee
Everybody with me say)

[Outro: Ja Rule]
Uhh, yeah, yeah
Murder Inc., all my family we here
Big shout to all my niggas
All my crud niggas, all my street niggas, all my grime niggas
All my industry niggas, all my corporate niggas
It's love, it's pain, and we together mayn
Holla back at me, uhh