[C-Bo]
It's 1994, gang-bangin' done played out
But I still stay strapped cause I don't wanna get laid out
On the concrete with internal bleedin'
Moms at my hand screamin' "Bo, don't leave me!"
I'm starin' up into the sky, thinkin' that I'm gonna die
Here come the onetime, fuck the pigs
They the last that I wanna see
Pen and pad, no love from the deputy
Onetime's gettin' deeper
And finally I hear the ambulance creep up
I'm feelin' dehydrated
They hook me up with some I.V. and a life flight
Said that I'll make it
Hoo-ride was the first thing on my mind
But the onetime's got the prints from my Tec-9
They bust first and I bust back in return
Ain't no love for them faggot ass baby worms
That's all I gotta say to porky
Now get the fuck out my face
Detective got mad but I can give a fuck less
I got family and they won't let the shit rest on my side
Bald head, mean mug and locs, 3-10, 6-5
Is my nigga Teebo, Big Ikey hittin' like a viking
Insane in the brain and can't wait to ride, see
No matter what they do, you can lock me down
But at twelve caught a ghetto fligt
Cause there still be smokin'...

One-eight-seven, one-eight-seven...
They ridin' on my bumber, bustin' with a Mac-11...
One-eight-seven, one-eight-seven...
They ridin' on my bumber, bustin' with a Mac-11...
One-eight-seven, one-eight-seven...
They ridin' on my bumber, bustin' with a Mac-11...

[Pizzo]
As I've seen deep in my thoughts
Not thinkin' of my senses and all the blood I done lost
It seems  I'm stuck with no luck all of a sudden
So mothafuckas swiftly swooped on the P-I double Z-O man
I was helpless, if ya could have felt this pain
That I had in my side and my brain
Never did I think that I would end up on my back, player
I never thought a slug could enter through my skin layers
Fuck! I feel a burnin' sensation and I'm waitin'
For the pain to go away but I know it's gonna stay
So I guess I'm fucked in the game
Then appeared a bird in the sky, don't know from where it came
Snatched the P-I double Z-O quick, took me on the trip
Don't know which direction I went
It felt I went cross the continent
Seems like it took a whole day, then we touched down
White coats all around, suprise, I'm alive in a hospital
Done lost half of my soul, I feel out of control
I'm slippin' away, I took my life for granted
A few hours passed and I still feel stranded
I awaken to see shit in front of me that I never seen before
But I feel alright, then I tripped that I just took the ghetto flight

One-eight-seven, one-eight-seven...
They ridin' on my bumber, bustin' with a Mac-11...
One-eight-seven, one-eight-seven...
They ridin' on my bumber, bustin' with a Mac-11...
One-eight-seven, one-eight-seven...
They ridin' on my bumber, bustin' with a Mac-11...

[C-Bo]
My homie took a bullet in the kidney
HK in my hand, down on one knee
On his side, Q-Ball don't die
Mad as fuck and I don't understand why
The little B.G.'s didn't bust no caps
After a 5 minute shoot-out still had a loaded strap
Damn and they supposed to be hardcore bangers
And I got the only empty cocked back chamber
Prayin' for my homie not to rest in peace the shit
Just ain't right to take a life from an O.G
Retaliation is all I can think
Negative and corrupt, here comes the P.D
Damn, I gotta git and my homie don't look too good
I hear the bird over the hood
Now I got faith he'll make it
Without a doubt and if not this next album's dedicated
To my homie Q-Ball
Rest in peace and fuck the rest of ya'll
So-called homies, I don't the meanin' when I'm hittin' ya down
But when I'm gone ya wanna see me
Ain't no love in this Garden Blocc life
And I won't sweat to put a bullet in your chest
And have you next on the ghetto fligt...