[Snippet: RondoNumbaNine]

Coming up as a youngin' had to get gwop
In the trap on the block, posted with the Glock
A 'hunnid cups, a lotta' thots, and it's really hot
I came up from the bottom, now I'm really hot

[Intro: RondoNumbaNine]

Came up as a youngin', man, ya' know?
Shit, gotta' gwop, man, ya' know?
Muh' fucker ain't got that shit like half them muh' fuckers think they got that shit
Let's fucking end this shit for real, man, ya' feel me?
Niggas know how we coming, man!

[Verse 1: RondoNumbaNine]

Coming up as a youngin' had to get gwop
In the trap on the block, posted with the Glock
A 'hunnid cups, a lotta' thots, and it's really hot
I came up from the bottom, now I'm really hot
And bitch I'm Steve Drive, you know how I rock
Blow a [?] with a mop, bet a nigga [?]
Put the beam on the gun if a nigga far
Blow that fucking SK, you ain't gon' make it far
Smoking dope, off the lean, with some fucking bars
Bitch, Swirl got the seven, he'll fucking spark
He'll send yo' ass to heaven if you want war
Riding deep in some Audi's, off a lotta' drugs
If a opp in the party, fire up the club
And for my real niggas, bitch I show love
I might spend a couple bands and show no grudge
Get some bricks off a lick, rob my plug

[Hook: RondoNumbaNine]

Coming up as a youngin' had to get gwop
In the trap on the block, posted with the Glock
A 'hunnid cups, a lotta' thots, and it's really hot
I came up from the bottom, now I'm really hot
Now I'm really hot
I came up from the bottom, now I'm really hot
Now I'm really hot
Now I'm really hot

[Verse 2: Lil Durk]

All these niggas bitches, tripping, acting like we different
We be sipping, keep that nickel if that nigga tripping
I got my cases, if I beat 'em then we right back in it
Free bruh!
Free Tim!
They touch back down, they right back in it
These niggas they hoes, these niggas they pussy, get exposed
I get fifteen thousand, my shows
I'll kill a opp nigga for my bros
That 40 gon' burn through his clothes
Pour a four, make a nigga move slow
Lost Rob, lost Tay, lost Moe
[?] a [?], set him up with these hoes
And these streets, these streets, don't play
And if he lack, I'mma hit him with the K
I'm so real
If you crack a three, I'mma run up and I'mma hit him with trey
Rich nigga shit if he stuck in his ways
30 shot clip if he brushing his ways
("Let's get it!")
Head shot, head shot, head shot, head shot, head shot his face off!
I seen shit like Ray Charles
Young nigga balling like J. Wall
In the 'bando like Takeoff
Real nigga, know what's up!
If it get real then we in trucks
Living off deals, living off [?]
Give them bucks, if you broke . . . then you out of luck!
("Let's get it!")
("Squad!")

[Outro: Lil' Durk]

Niggas know how we rocking, man!
("Let's get it!")
("L's!)
("Glah!")