[Hook: Young Thug]
Tell God that I'm sorry for the sins
Nigga (?)
Nigga blood, real write, no pen
Honey, I ain't really write about that
Nigga, back up, I (?) my (?)
I got girls (?) no molester
They get nervous I'm starting to catch up
Bitch you won't fuck my (?)
I ain't gone tell nothin' but the truth
I ain't gone tell nothin' but the truth
I ain't gone tell nothin' but the truth
Nigga gone tell nothin' but the truth
Tell nothin' but the truth
Tell nothin' but the truth
Tell nothin' but the truth

[Verse 1: Dose]
I got hood stories like I sleep with it
Two story condo with a thick bitch
Know this drink bad for my kidney
But I keep sippin' and I gettin' trippy like three 6's
Juicy sweat (?) Medusa
.45 millimeter cost 50, drop diamonds straight from Aruba
Two (?) fellas on my record keep shooters
Never, ever, going back to cut noodles
In the 8 by 8 with a loser
Talkin' 'bout what he had and he got and he used to
Nigga you don't write lil nigga get it right
Fuck whose big money nigga get it excited
The right club makin' things do karate
Fuck niggas snitchin' get a nigga indicted
And it's so on (?) get your roll on
(?) hot like a kitchen with a stove on
Know that check been good, no full forum
I'm the truth you can put that on the old home
I compare this shit with no arms
Stay ballin' out dope like Odom
Middle finger to the court house, truth

[Hook: Young Thug]

[Verse 2: Lil Durk]
I don't spit nothin' but the truth
Shooters ready, aimin' up at your room
Poppin' pills, all my young niggas be lose
I'm dolo, all I need is the deuce
Leanin' off drugs, she don't know me but she want her hug
She gotta fuck Dose so she gotta fuck Thug
Young savage and I hang with Thug
300 nigga be ready and willing
Rollie with me so my watch do the (?)
Homie snatch me up, I do not remember
And I do not say shit nigga
And I don't fuck with these bitch niggas
30 on me, I be lit nigga
(?) off the 'Zan, I'm the shit nigga
(?) spent 10 on the fit nigga (?)
(?) on shoot, chopper gone knock off his top
OTL bitch, we be turnt on the spot
Free all my niggas doing 10 on the blocks
(?) doing 10 on the block
Fuck an opp nigga, fuck all of my opps
40, I got (?) like it's chop
Niggas get chopped if they fuck with my (?)
Tellin' the truth nigga

[Hook: Young Thug]