[Verse 1: Tee Grizzley]
All that shit that I did for niggas, they wouldn't have did for me
I never asked for much, keepin' it real is free
Now I'm just savin' my money, you ain't gotta deal with me
I go broke, back to the block, ain't nobody gon' feel it but me
These niggas ungrateful
Do something for a nigga, niggas won't even say thank you
Speaking down on me now, that shit disgraceful
When nobody there, I was shackled down to my ankles
Now they callin' me with they problems like I made 'em
If I wouldn't here, who would you call?
If I wasn't rich, who could I call?
My days consist of me and my circle
Even got family members who ain't worthy
They be like let me hold something 'til Tuesday, I'ma give it back
Tuesday come, niggas act like they mad when you go to get it back
Bring up what you did for me then you shouldn't did it, I get sick of that
Everything I ever did was genuine, you would never hear me mention that
Remember that, nigga

[Interlude: Tee Grizzley & Lil Durk]
So I get to showin' niggas love, like real love (Ungreatful) pullin' up on niggas and everything, you know. (Ungreatful)
Ain't nobody from our city that made it ever did that for niggas  ,you know what I'm sayin', the trenches. (Ungreatful) I tried to be the first one to do that. (Ungreatful) Niggas still hatin' on me for that. (I did for everyone) Alright maybe niggas just broke and need some money. (Ungreatful) I get the passing (Ungreatful) cheese around that bitch, you know what I'm sayin'. (They tell me)
I'm like, 200,000 in, just with, passin' money out, you know what I'm sayin'. (Ungreatful) That shit don't work, these niggas don't appreciate shit. (Ungreatful) These niggas ungreatful
Ungreatful, Ungreatful
Ungreatful, Ungreatful
I did for everyone
Ungreatful, Ungreatful
Ungreatful
They tell me

[Verse 2: Lil Durk]
Niggas did bids
She made sure you was fed
Let you talk to your kids, so they can love they dad
You wouldn't say thank you
But at the same time, she was trippin' about some taxes
She ain't wanna break bread with her man, she so ungrateful
Ain't cheat just to keep you happy, I wish I was unfaithful
Let niggas hold money Friday to after Friday like I was able
I brought niggas 'round my kids, let them eat at the roundtable
Watch playoff games up at my crib 'cause you ain't have no cable
Jail visits, sending pictures I was by that
You say I'm trippin' but your family who you was mad at
Ì know some niggas who would take you out for some Xanax
Plan B, 'cause Plan A we ain't never plan that
You miss court, I let you lay low
You stole from me and ain't seen you since, I told my OG I'ma give you halo
Got that dog food like we Ralo
And they gon' kill you if I say so

[Interlude: Lil Durk]
Aye, I'ma tell you the truth, I'ma spit facts, I'ma tell you one time alright. My bank called me and was tellin' me like, someone just forged your, umm, your signature. So I'm like, "Hell naw, y'all trippin'." 20, 30 thousand dollar check ain't nobody, ain't finna know nobody gon' walk in there and do that, you know what I'm sayin'. Whole time it was my family. You know what I'm sayin', that ain't even hurt me, man, I just knew what time it was. That's why everybody I got around me I call my brother or my family, you know what I'm sayin'. It's so crazy but sometimes I put water over blood