See fuck what these niggas talk about mayne. When you got someone who's down with you, you treat em' right you know what I'm sayin. Cuz a good woman hard to find straight up mayne.

See y'all I don't know about your bitch, but mine, man I love her like my bread.
Cuz I'm a street nigga my bread is all I got. Like my skrill,  and nigga that's real. Because you say you love her that don't mean you ain't trill. Like my scratch and nigga that's that.
When God made you it's like he made my perfect match.

And for real I tell you what the bizz show me a nigga gal and il show you who he is. The only woman on this earth fit to have my kids if any Nigga play wit you Ima get em hit.
I remember well sitting in a cell made me feel so good when the guard said I had mail. Opened up the letter instantly hit wit' ya smell. A little piece of heaven even tho I was in hell. And when I got out for a minute with no mobbin couldn't afford shoes baby bought me some Jordan's. I was stressed out she grabbed my neck and start massagin'
Told me she was with me if I'm ballin or I'm starvin'
So now that I'm on, I put on yo' arm Gucci bags, prada bags, Loui Vuitton. I slipp on your feet new Christian Loui Vuitton  that's just to let you know baby girl you the one.

See I don't know about yo' bitch
But mine, man I love her like my bread.
Cuz I'm a street nigga man, my bread is all I got. Like my skrill,  and nigga that's real. Because you say you love her that don't mean you ain't trill. Like my scratch and nigga that's that.
When God made you it's like he made my perfect match.

And every Sunday morning she wake me up for church a girl that don't know God on the coolin got no worth. Sometimes I stare at you, watch you sleep and I hurt a queen deserve diamonds. I refuse to give you dirt. See every time I took a loss I felt like I let you down.
Till this day I don't know why you stuck around. A bad bitch like you easily could've fucked around cuz there a lot of rich niggaz that Wana fuck you down.

But you said you believe in me, till this day I don't know what you see in me. Yeah I know that I got a lot of G in me but you could be with Nino Brown queen of CMB but you said you don't Wana thug. You always said I'm too smart to be sellin drugs. Every time I was broke man you gave me hugs, so now that I'm rich I gotta show a queen love.

See I don't know about your bitch,
But mine man I love her like my bread
Cuz I'm a street nigga my bread is all I got. Like my skrill,  and nigga that's real. Because you say you love her that don't mean you ain't trill. Like my scratch and nigga that's that. When God made you it's like he made my perfect match.