Can you see me glow in the dark
I'm one with the stars and never to far yeah

Anything worth living is worth dying
Anything worth getting is worth trying
I put myself in the shoes of a giant with double tube socks two knots and I tied it!
I was frightened I was tired
But I knew that one day I would try em'
Heard a million no's all it took was one yes
Now I'm flowin' like the wind underneath a sun dress
Aww YES!
I can smell the victory
They used to pick at me now they picking me
To be the one to hold the torch that liberty
I'd tell you every detail I see it that vividly
I tried to warn y'all since Airborne
I'm cold like I let the air on
I'm dope I'm dope heroin
And the world's gonna know from here on

~Chorus~
Can you see me glow in the dark?
I'm one with the stars and never to far yeah
I can see you closing your eyes
So don't be surprised
All it takes is a spark till I glow in the dark
I illuminate I shine
Nothing happened before this time
And this time, it's time, it's time (x2)

I never let em' tell me what I can't do
God won't give me anything I can't handle
One candle can light all the rest
I'll live forever like I got a bite on my neck
Through my music through my songs
This is your amusement this is my psalms
My God forgive them for idolatry
Diggy underscore Simmons do you follow me?
Do you dig me?
Do your history!
This didn't happen over night
Quite the contrary I've been working all my life
You hear what you hear I work hard to get it right!
They can measure light but can't measure darkness
I ain't earn my stripes? That's preposterous
First I couldn't grab em' now look at how I got em'
It started with a thought and y'all thought it couldn't happen

~Chorus~
Can you see me glow in the dark?
I'm one with the stars and never to far yeah
I can see you closing your eyes
So don't be surprised
All it takes is a spark till I glow in the dark
I illuminate I shine
Nothing happened before this time
And this time, it's time, it's time, it's time (x2)

Maurice Freehill once said "Who is more foolish? The child afraid of the dark or the man afraid of the light?"

Glow in the dark

Don't fret for everything around you is within you illuminate
Glow in the dark oooh oooh oooh ...aaah aaahh
Glow in the dark oooh oooh oooh ...aaah aaahh
Glow in the dark...

#JetSettersUP
P.s if anyone can fill in the blanks for the unknown lines please leave a comment