Hook: I have it all and you on my team, if life starts gettin hard would you still want me?

Verse 1: What if I was just a common cat? wasn't tryna rap
And I wore a uniform with a McDonalds's cap
Would you see the ambition that's in my eyes?
Last week was moppin floors, this week is the fries
Would you stick by my side?
Would you ride? would you roll?
Would you go? need to know need to know
Hit a slump, what if business was slow?
What if I couldn't sell tickets to shows?
Album was brick in the stores
Uh let me ask you do you see me just as Daniel
Or do you see the image that they market on the channels?
All these girls are acute, but I don't ever know their angle
At the rate that im going I might end up being single
Now, put yourself in my lous, all they see is green they dont ever see my blues
Everybody watching leaving comments on my views
Got my head all knotted like the comic on the view
I love what I do
But im far from a happy camper
I ain't the Happy Gilmore that was Adam Sandler
It makes me wonder how come yeezy didn't marry amber
This world is greedy and sleazy and thats my final answer
They going ham but I'mma go hammer try to keep a small circle I ain't trying to go ham
I gotta muster up a smile when im posing for the camera
Watch me Chris Paul y'all cause I got a sick handle

Hook: I have it all and you on my team, if life starts gettin hard would you still want me? I need to know, need to know are you with me for the long hall or if I fall off would you still be the one I can call on? I need to know (4x)

Verse 2: I have everything to lose, you have everything to gain
I wonder would you still check for me if everything just changed
And the only thing thats left is the memories of the days
Where money wasn't an issue, would you go your seperate ways?
Are you with me for the perks, using me as a provider?
Telling me "you're my boy" boy you preaching to the choir
You dont have to answer I can you speaking through your silence
Taking my love for granted like my weakness is my kindness
Sometimes I feel all alone in a crowded room
Gathering thoughts as I watch how everybody moves
Shaking my hand, taking photos, twitpic-ing
To an opportunist, opportunities are slim pickens
Your mouth says whats up? when all I hear is meal ticket
Its hard to say who's real, even harder to say who isn't
Since I dont know the difference I come off as distant
Without a warm reciption, people take it as ya dissing
Are you kidding, where's the hidden cam?
Girls say they love you all along its just a scam
And they got it all planned out, friends got they hands out
Tell em "no" they say "how you turn your fam down?"
Oh we fam now? I ain't get the memo
Funny that I didn't know you before I put out my demo
Now everybody want a slice, Kimbo
I need to know cuz my mind's in limbo

Hook: I have it all and you on my team, if life starts gettin hard would you still want me? I need to know, need to know are you with me for the long hall or if I fall off would you still be the one I can call on? I need to know (4x)