[Verse 1]
Let me pop my collar
Pick it up, pick it up like I dropped my wallet
Litterer, everything you dropped's been garbage
Got me all wound ya'll done got done got me started
Wish a nigga would try I ain't with the drama
Take me for a good guy, Michael Jordan's number
I ain't with the bull jive, all I do is holla
I can bring the wolves out, let 'em satisfy they hunger
The number one question: What's up with your fam?
Seen pictures of your sister doin' yoga in the sand
How is you and Jojo? Is he mad? I'm just sayin'
And we ain't seen Vanessa since the show last premiered
Damn - I'm tired of hearing it
I just wanna rap my way to the top of the pyramid
Be the best lyricist, alive, dead, period
I'm made for the crown yo peep the way I'm wearin' it
Whoever claim king nah I ain't dissin ya
Hey you might be king but your title's only titular
Everybody listen up: Blows I hick em up
Tear down shows, every stage I rip em up
Taking ya'll to school keep up with your curricular
If you ain't talking money keep it movin, vehicular
I got thick skin with a coat and I zipped it up
So when you talk out your lip, I say nigga what
Ha

[Hook]
What you say to me?
What you say to me?
What you say to me?

[Verse 2]
The other day I was listening to Purple Rain
Couldn't believe all the things I heard 'em say
"Who Dat? Who Dat?" You know who it is
Heard you lying on my sis telling people that you hit
When your album drops I'm gonna hit you with your bricks
So I'm gonna bomb first on you since you wanna rift
Who you gonna call? You ain't got no friends
This fight is fixed ha, you ain't got no wins
Lil nigga think he cold, think he live like me
Jetsetter, trendsetter nah you not like me
Can't find a girl you know that do not like me
I can't find a girl I know who know you
Wasn't even poppin' in the school you used to go to
Got aight lyrics but can't deliver your vocals
I'm about to read you your rights, Miranda
Only thing you hittin in the morning is your hand, uh
Stand up, matter of fact sit down
Don't try to call Hovi Hov for a sit down
College boy, actin' like a criminal
Knowing that you brokeback, Jake Gyllenhaal
Uh! You imaginary player
Even TMZ didn't notice you was there
Jeez you are such a dweeb
And your shirts don't fit: long arms, short sleeves
Heesh

[Hook]