Don Scavone ft. Jean Grae and Lounge Lo - “3 & Out”
[Emcee(s): Don Scavone, Jean Grae, and Lounge Lo]
[Producer(s): Etch A Sketch]
[Scratches: Etch A Sketch and Mista Sinista]

[Verse 1: Don Scavone]
Donnie
Scav that cat that make you jump and a PAB.  Run
For your stash, shoot through the glass, doing a dash with
Jennifer Love Hewitt, rubber gloves in a Buick.  While I’m
Sticking and tricking, a conduit with the fluids
Jump back, baby.  Peep the skills and the product
The mic narcotic—when I got it, can’t stop it
4Runner, twin gunner, funk drummer hit you with the
Number one hot summer thunder.  Box off his
Rocks [?].  Mandatory socks off
For Dominicans and the Rock Ports, more
Tours coming off the roof to the P.J.s
Marijuana-smoking, getting high off the heezay
Instant replay from the camera in the tree lye
Two-to-four-bitting from a case and a rewind
I recline and find my mind is a weapon for the
Half-stepping.  Not checking for the enemy
Sought for the felony, first-time melody
Played by a lifer in a microphone cypher with the
Blood.  I can’t even see no more.  Me and
Lounge blowing trees in a green four-door.  At your
Front door with the raw C-4 ammo, even
Semi Berretta with the gear.  Here’s Soprano
Singing to the worms, son, I’m sicker than the germs in the
Perm of a big sheriff on the hills of Mount Vern

[Interlude 1: Lounge Lo with Scratches by Etch A Sketch and Mista Sinista]
Well, when Lounge Lo hit you with the fat flow, it’s like that, yo.  Word up.  2000 Soldier, Millennium Militia

[Verse 2: Jean Grae]
Metal Gear
[?] chick spitting, applause-getting
To ripping, slash your throat into shards in four seconds
Weapons of choice: a voice box—catch a wrecking.  Pores
Sweating like you’re competitors.  The force Tekken
Niggas figured your stance.  I’ll brandish swords and pass
Through mic cords and travel distance rapid as thoughts
To advance.  [?].  I’m on-pitch
Waking dead crowds easy like a light-on switch (So what?)
Jean Grae’s Phantom Menace creeping in brains.  I’m like
The Shining, making more than Danny's family deranged, so put your
Niggas on.  I like to call the nicotine strong, lungs
Staying black from sucking the bong and staying traumed
Fuck it.  Bowing on to drink liquor like
[?], keep my finger on the verbal trigger
Y’all niggas don’t want it.  Set it, playing the back deaded
But guess what?  I’ll hold a grudge and never forget it

[Interlude 2: Lounge Lo with Scratches by Etch A Sketch and Mista Sinista]
Yeah, nigga.  Check it out right here.  Freestyle flow of the year.  Check this shit

[Verse 3: Lounge Lo]
I’ll step into the square.  This is domain number 10
Watch me spin knuckle at cats from out of Shaolin
Gold pen, heat-holding.  Survival of the struggle
Crack bubble.  Doing my thing and staying out of trouble
Real-life niggas know TECs and hot sex
Getting money on the block, cashing in big checks
Fat whips, big chains, and budgets.  Ain’t nothing changed from
Killer, Killer Hill Projects.  I'll Etch A Sketch when
I wreck this.  Tape cassette broken up, swollen up
Disrespect my team, I got to load you up, fold you up
Twenty-one WB.  You know the deal, but
Still peel and chill in the heart of Park Hill
Authorized sound breaking it down before it slices
For niceness, it went from poor to the righteous
Black and white team who has the need for cream
Let loose on scenes and make you strip from your fucking jeans
Niggas know my style.  Scavone and Sketch brought me
Scav taught me on how to stay dirty and bust a
Thirty-thirty in your coffee.  What’s the deal, mother-
-fucker?

[Outro: Lounge Lo with Scratches by Etch A Sketch and Mista Sinista]
You want to talk some more?  Rip your head off.  [?]