[Intro]
Black is the color

[Verse 1]
This is for my Black soldiers, mack holders, strapped army greens
Snapped back, blast automatics, spraying body ?
Rap addicts, mathematics study how they map the projects
? targets ? supermarkets
? artists covered with material riches
This on surface on the depth of the soul of the sickness
Biggest media murder is most ?
Most heard ? toast burning
Smartest kids in special ed learning
E.S.L., the U.S. fails the children, fuck 'em
We excel then we copy, become the same corrupted
Bullets stuck in back wounds deep with trees
Raped, foot chopped, lynched, follow North Star free

[Hook x2]
Black ? ?falling?
And we can't find a way home, even though
Black children go back to ?weeping?
Still we can't see the end of the road

[Verse 2]
See, we're experimental science, disease blamed
The African killer bees, to AIDS, and man-made population control game
Villages dosed like ? smallpox
Killing most Native Americans' ?
? birth of the seven deadly cemeteries flooded with bloody violence from ugly money greed and gluttony schemes
Like ? and raping them clean
The face of the devil is separatism, post-racism
Willie Lynch ? division post-religion
More victims than the Holocaust, a mental prison for children and women
Men like dark prison broken minds spark the hate forgiving
Jesus bring us all to the ?
No reparations ever make up for destroying a people
We'll never be equal, powers get as high as a seagull
? scamming on your weakness is evil

[Hook x2]

[Verse 3]
Mothers and daughters fed from the slave master's whip
And now the N.R.A.'ll save the day, legal guns, loaded clips
Shanty towns ? sweatshops daily
But we're still choosing ignorance, ain't we
And little Jamie complaining because he wanna get an X-Box for Christmas
? starve ? biscuits, point of ages
Proving the American ghetto's still an oasis
Place where the life imitates art
Imitating life, White kids imitating dark now
Spark blunts at night, 'til maybe something can fly
Above the line of buildings reaching stars and light up the sky
I feel you

[Hook x2]