[Intro: Pumpkinhead]
Uh.  Heh.  Another Makin’ Records.  Run Run Shaw.  Yo, [?].  Ha.  Yo.  Run Run Shaw on the beats and breaks.  Run Run Shaw.  Check it, yo

[Verse 1: Pumpkinhead]
I don’t wear blue tights, I don’t have a red cape
I just leave open-mic punctures with rhymes I create
Call me “Dynamic.”  (Who?) AKA PH
With the help of Run Run Shaw on the beats and breaks
We’re gonna hold it down musically like a paperweight
If you see me in the street and want to battle
We can handle that on a major tape.  Name your stake
Sirloin pebble or T-bone steak, don’t try to take
Food off my table ‘cause we own these plates
Don’t got time to sign dotted lines with these phony fakes, so check it
My rhymes are designed to be perfect
Were written by moi while yours were secretly purchased
I’ll wrap/rap like a kerchief.  It’s time for this underground merchant
To rise to the surface and take mic day and night
And my only weakness is Player Night
Blowing up like dynamite ‘cause all my rhymes are tight
Like a vice, crush your head lice
But under no circumstance, cousin, will you ever smash Pumpkin
You can’t believe this jam’s bumping
You better put your hands in the air and ask something
Or somebody how we rip up the party
These lines burn your insides like Bacardi

[Hook: Pumpkinhead]
I kick fat lines over treble and bass
I don’t pack 9s and kill my own race
Just when you thought it was safe
Pumpkinhead transforms into that dynamic emcee PH

[Verse 2: Pumpkinhead]
I’m not the Superman lover or Chocolate Boy Wonder
But I’m dynamic, tossing lines like cucumber and salad
I don’t sing R&B ballads (What?).  Bring the malice (What?)
I swing like a hammock.  My tactics
Are lyrical and spiritual at the same time
While all you player rappers rap the same lines
I’m not a player hater but players hate me (Why?)
‘Cause my lyrics surpasses the average emcee
And leaves ‘em stuck at the 85th degree
Me and my family is gonna rise definitely.  The rest’ll be
A victim of monotony, played like Monopoly
So my philosophy is to drop emcees, these slang-rock emcees
These bang-Glock emcees and have ‘em cop pleas
Lyrically hostilely, so possibly
They’ll change to hip hop emcees, then give props to me
Finally, I’m here to save the day like Christopher Reeves
I belong to a society known as the Negro League
Which consists of Natural Re and me, Bad Seed
Meat Pie, and O.T.  Makin’ Records on the scene
Peace to the other family known as Medina Green

[Hook: Pumpkinhead] (x2)
I kick fat lines over treble and bass
I don’t pack 9s and kill my own race
Just when you thought it was safe
Pumpkinhead transforms into that dynamic emcee PH

[Verse 3: Pumpkinhead]
Don’t get me wrong.  I’m not a superhero
But I’m trying to stop hip hop from dropping to less than zero
Everyone wants to be Goodfella gangster De Niro
So I’ll burn these emcees like a towering inferno
Ashes to ashes, I’ll incinerate kids who are fake
Like Tammy Faye Bakker’s eyelashes
Then you’ll lose your memory like when the computer crashes
It spreads like rashes, hot flashes
Now you have no recollection on how I wrecked your section
Run Run bring it back like reggae DJ selection
Perfection
Putting you in your place like spinal tap.  I’m fast like freestyle raps
Thought up by Supernat, so stop that stupid crap
Cats is like, “Yo, who is that?”
Well, my name is Pumpkinhead, but you could call me “Dynamic”
I’m here to save the culture of hip hop, so why panic?
Some other emcees tried but didn’t meet the standards
I’ll keep rapping as long as gravity keeps me on the granite
Makin’ Records the label and Brooklyn is the planet

[Hook: Pumpkinhead] (x2)
I kick fat lines over treble and bass
I don’t pack 9s and kill my own race
Just when you thought it was safe
Pumpkinhead transforms into that dynamic emcee PH

[Outro: Pumpkinhead]
And we don’t got time to waste.  Ha