Pumpkinhead ft. DCQ, CES, Poka Face, Meat Pie, Ocean, The Bad Seed, and What? What? - “Dynamic Remix”
[Emcee(s): DCQ, Pumpkinhead, CES, Poka Face, Meat Pie, Ocean, The Bad Seed, and What? What?]
[Producer(s): Run Run Shaw (AKA Jean Grae)]
[Sample: Charles Mingus - "Fables of Faubus"]

[Intro: The Bad Seed]
Just when you thought it was safe, it really wasn't.  Makin’ got artists by the dozen.  Go tell your moms and your cousin

[Verse 1: DCQ]
Why our name in your mouth?  All of a sudden, there's drama
What's that scoop all about?  I'll approach you in the street
Handle business like rack-and-pin steering, heavy steam
My ex-G put me on the G-O-double-S-I-P
My Nike Swishies stay crispy in multiple posishies
You’re eating your bait while we’re catching
Crazy fishies.  Your style is weak like a beating
Fucking with Makin’ Cypher, you gets no peace treaties

[Verse 2: Pumpkinhead]
Yo, it be that D-Y-N-A-M-I-C.  I’ll be
That emcee that see through crews with one eye like a monocle
It's horrible—in fact, intolerable.  Call me
Hagar the Horrible, honorable, pardon the bull
You could Yank these like Danny Tartabull
One-hundred-percent natural hits?  We have cartons-full
Makin’ Records is the name of the label I claim
Sister, we on the rise like a blister

[Verse 3: CES]
Smooth elements and so I evade competitions
From ten positions, when CES speaks, everybody listens (Listen)
Dynamic like that in areas the conscience lurks
You couldn't handle the truth, cuzzo, ‘cause that shit hurt
Got to maintain the thought your family comes first (First)
And that's the main goal for this whole entire verse (Verse)
Manifest your own fate, make moves, don't hesitate
You didn't know we was dynamic.  Poppa, you’re just late

[Verse 4: Poka Face]
Yo, now can I get
Down?  (Hit me!) like James Brown
Poka be sparkling (Ding) and there's no arguing
I'ma microwave up your cardigan (Ch-click, booyah)
With the grammar.  Now enter the Makin’ Records Manor
And forget the glamour (Why?) ‘cause we’re taking another route
I'm a lion while you’re seeking the dreams of a mouse
‘Cause you’re cowardly.  We’re getting bloody money off the books
Dynamic.  Please hang up.  We off the hook

[Hook: All]
We’re Dynamic.  My whole Makin’ fam’s Dynamic
Sinking these other crews like the Titanic
We’re Dynamic.  My whole Makin’ fam’s Dynamic
Sinking these other crews like the Titanic
We’re Dynamic.  Just when you thought it was safe
We’re Dynamic.  Makin’ Records all up in your face

[Verse 5: Meat Pie]
I get on your last nerve like a hangnail, damage brain cells
Don't fret pussy niggas ‘cause my crew aims well
Yo, who the fuck you dealing with?  Slapping kids that's ignorant
Hitting you in the head like a twenty sack of good shit
O.B.S. be the crew that I rep it for
Covering your atmosphere like thick clouds of smog
Look through it all, son, and we appear to be the best
Going down your esophagus, leaving you full like breakfast

[Verse 6: Ocean]
Yo, would you look at these two dickheads out here acting like my Venus (Yeah, I see ‘em, I see ‘em)
Barking at each other, trying to see which is the meanest (Yeah, yeah.  Ha!)
Blacks killing blacks—oh how fucking ingenious
Y'all need to get off that bullshit at your earliest convenience
Now ones in jail envy others eating intravenous
And cops are out here looking for witness to serve subpoenas
Shit is crazy thick like wet, uncooked corvina and
Y'all out here like gladiators wiling in arenas

[Verse 7: The Bad Seed]
Yo, how you gon’ diss the man that was almost father?
(Man, listen) Pull up a chair—I'ma take you there
First of all, any thoughts of you seeing my team’s a pipe dream
Long as the light beams, you don't want to create a fight scene
It's Seed, y'all.  Smoke weed, y'all.  True indeed, y'all
All y'all niggas is hating ‘cause your chickens flocking to me, y'all (Yeah)
I see y'all ice-grilling in clubs with your thugs
Like you ‘bout it, ‘bout it (You really ain't), but you had me thinking you was

[Verse 8: What? What? (AKA Jean Grae)]
Ha, the track smacks.  Dynamic upon the wax
Consider the facts: we’re never letting your neck relax
You need to dead that going pro dream.  Didn't you learn from baseball not to
Fuck with the home team?  Come on, nigga!
I know you hear my voice calling you like alcoholic liquor
Itching for my finger to pull on my lyrical trigger and bust
All up in Makin’s where I put my trust
Five seconds after my verse is done, the vinyl self-destructs, man
I thought we told you we’d win—tree-top or sober
Makin’ Records, Pumpkinhead, Dynamic, and now it's over

[Hook: All] (x2)
We’re Dynamic.  My whole Makin’ fam’s Dynamic
Sinking these other crews like the Titanic
We’re Dynamic.  My whole Makin’ fam’s Dynamic
Sinking these other crews like the Titanic
We’re Dynamic.  Just when you thought it was safe
We’re Dynamic.  Makin’ Records all up in your face

[Outro: DCQ and Meat Pie]
DCQ: Yeah, yeah.  Makin’ Cypher.  ’98.  No peace treaties.  Natural Resource.  My nigga Pumpkinhead.  My dawgs.  O.B.S.  Meat Pie.  My nigga Bad Seed.  Soon to come: D. Scavone and much more.  I’ll be the Stalker: DCQ.  My teachers need M. Green.  Peace
Meat Pie: Yo, I told these niggas from day one we was gonna be doing our thing, man.  Heads wasn’t trying to realize and look and listen, hear what we had to say, you know’m saying?  They was talking that, “Nah, nah, nah, them kids aight.  Them kids aight.”  Man, fuck that, man.  You know’m saying?  Dig?  These niggas do not know, son.  All these motherfuckers out here talking this shit, singing that sweet shit.  Man, we come with that real shit.  You know’m saying?  These niggas who be talking shit.  Know’m saying?  O.B.S. get biz, Natural Re’ get biz.  All them niggas get biz, son.  All I told them niggas: kid, niggas cannot fuck with this family.  Kid, I be trying to tell ‘em.  Fuck that.  Cut it off