[Intro]
It's alright.  You can get mad.  You knew the deal from the get go.  If it's not you, it's another bitch.  It's all good.  Whatever.  Day to day.  Bitch to bitch.  That's how we live.  Player, what

[Verse 1]
I'm the reason y’all breathe
The reason y’all been here from conception
Reason y’all believe in deception and faithfulness
I'll make your destiny and fate twist
And when I stop coming around, it's hatefulness
I paint bliss with you with me
Have you crying you miss me
Lying to you friends that you dissed me
I'm your world—kiss me and the globe turns
Sunrise and moon shine, ocean tide shift in just the blink of an eye
Game transcends time when I spend with you
Spit out incredible bull, lies are exceptional
Taking my prime-time whiz that I care about your kids
Truth this? I don't give a fuck as long as you is
Hit it up until it's raw, no protection—what for?
I know you not chicken.  Only call on me when you fiending for it
Only fuck top-notch bitches.  Dime pieces
If they dirt-broke or [?] single a [?]
I’m who you calling your man, who you calling your fam
Who you call late night in a jam
4:30 AM bawling to me.  I'm just plain balling, you see
Being with one bitch is boring to me
I say variety is the food of life
It's not my fault that every woman is the foolish type
And after me, you cop an attitude [?] dyke
You fell for it, let the dick call it.  Nigga, if you with me, you killing it like

[Scratch Hook] (4x)
Dumb bitch
Play your position
Dumb bitch

Play your position

[Verse 2]
See this style?  Didn't even use game to get you
You know you been open wide off me since the day I met you
Never let go of me.  When we fucking, you love me
When we in the streets, you motherfucking bitches touch me
I think it's funny you call me your honey
I call you when I'm feeling horny
You say when I'm not around, your pussy feeling lonely
I told you never let a bitch own you
Still, you buy me shit
Iceburg, Sony, Hitachi, a Motorola, Dreamcast, four controllers
Trip to Atlantic City like we some high rollers
Think you gonna lock it down
Even write me letters every time you outta town
Don't even read ‘em
What the fuck I need a wife for?  I lead the life of a free man
Told you I was a player since the first hand was dealt
Want me to meet your family?  Well, I got some news for them
If you got sisters,  put the move on ‘em
Let loose too on ‘em, loose screw on ‘em
Mom's too—even better, get her upon you
And your dad know the deal—he's a nigga
I'm saying the older you get the better you get at playing—for real

[Scratch Hook] (4x)
Dumb bitch
Play your position
Dumb bitch

Play your position

[Verse 3]
I've had ‘em all from the whores to good girls galore
Twins to wheelchair bitches, freaks to married hoes turned frigid
Classy models to pigeons
You not special ‘cause you wanna cross your feelings on another level
Another day, another hustle—you no different
I'm not the daddy for your children
Tell me you're separated, divorce pending
Listen, the only position you fill with pussy, you're in
I never spend a dime on you, but my time's precious
You whining on the jack about lack of respect for women
What if my daughter was to grow up, meet a villain like me?
Fuck it—I ain't got no children
If I did, I'd teach them better than you've been
Your self-esteem is all fucked
Must've been busted when growing up ‘cause pretty bitches know enough
And now you're mad, blowing up
Whatever, listen.  I gotta bounce
Your best friend's on the way to my house

[Scratch Hook] (4x)
Dumb bitch
Play your position
Dumb bitch

Play your position