[Verse 1]
My family dream with me under city lights
Pump the lighters, scream it’s righteous, work it out, but y’all ain't hearin' it
Words travel deep in your spirit alone
I cruise the block and use the box to serenade the moonlight with the speakers
Niggas lean back deep in your seats and feel me
Cliques and crews in hoods and gangs who love it, I'm lovin' you dearly
Keep hustlin', jugglin' pressure, life, and success
Those who made it debate it until another's deaf
We buried ourselves under the jail without shovels and dirt on our nails
Bubbles with crime and trouble tales and street violence turned extreme (Calling out names)
To rippin' joints on stage to cuttin' fame time short
To life-supportin' none but just realize what y’all done
We've given 'em reasons to scream on us and it's just begun
What happened to us in the bigger picture?
Don't you understand when one of us falls—step—we're all fallin' with ya?
C'mon (Yeah)

[Hook x2]
If you believe in us, then we will believe that
(All I need is the love of my crew)
(Yeah, all right)
Then maybe you will do what you're supposed to do and you can say (Y’all can’t hurt me)
You're better than this

[Verse 2]
I represent for a nation.  Thought we was in it together
But I guess it gets strange when money rains in sunny weather
Tougher than leather?  We're weaker than glass
And shattered on the side of the road.  Try to get a ride, but pass each other fast
The closed aves throw hash, ice, and whips
Have blinded us.  Never mind how the mind just trips for glitch
Shit, niggas.  Rich niggas got us in tow
If it's not enough, they gotta put us all on a show
Y’all lost me somewhere between waking and coffee
That shit changed so quick, I didn't blink and it cost me
Fuck it, it costs us.  You even know where we at?
Fucked with you.  I hear that we can't even open the map
Rap's dead, rap sucks, but thanks to y’all for killin' it
Grillin' it down and spillin’ its guts and fillin' it back up with trash
Wait up… I mean cash
But ain’t the two synonymous with media politics?
(You know they love it)

[Hook x2]
If you believe in us, then we will believe that
(All I need is the love of my crew)
(Yeah, all right)
Then maybe you will do what you're supposed to do and you can say (Y’all can’t hurt me)
You're better than this

[Verse 3]
What y’all fightin' for?
For the light of the raw battle?  Naw
Can't be the latter ‘cause music just doesn't matter, right?
Maybe I'm pitchin’ emotions to broken ears
And livin’  in years when shit was spoken clearly without all the bullshit
Pulling clips, replacing kings with court jesters
Bought pressers, proclaimed the best is paid and just forsake the rest
Who made it possible to be spittin'
If you got the same type of us women grinnin', then your joint’ll keep spinnin'
I swear it's like swimmin' with sharks in public pools in shallow water
And some of these artists is fuckin' your youngest daughter
Feel me?  Ain't no real fam—niggas is playin’ you
Trust me—I wouldn't let my brother have his way with you
I'm only stating facts—shit is plain as flood lights
We drop ten.  I wanna fuck you, maybe two, one mics
I'm just tryna keep it done right—want some unity
I want our crew to be just like it used to be

[Hook x2]
If you believe in us, then we will believe that
(All I need is the love of my crew)
(Yeah, all right)
Then maybe you will do what you're supposed to do and you can say (Y’all can’t hurt me)
You're better than this