[Chorus 1: Quelle Chris & Jean Grae]
My contribution to this scam
I’m wearing overalls one shoulder off
Dwayne Wayne flip glasses, syrup for my cough
It’s gon' be lit. I ain’t wrote shit
My contribution to this scam

[Break: Jean Grae]
Girl 1: I mean, I just understand rap, like it's inside of me
Girl 2: Yeah, me too
Girl 1: Old-school, like, I so respect it. This is 2Pac on my shirt
Girl 2: I love him!

[Chorus 1 (cont'd): Quelle Chris & Jean Grae]
My contribution to this scam
Everyone can say nigga, it's two-thousand-and thousand-and thousand-and...
My contribution this scam

[Verse 1: Jean Grae]
You're Dot in the Wiz, you bring nothing, you ruin shit
Douchey Axe body spray influences
Why I gotta deus ex machina things? I'm done doing this
Save yourself, useless, untie the neck nooses
I'm tired, semicolon, sick
I done threw up the deuces 86 times with no, hint of, schtick
On the bullseye, tick lyme
Older than the distance of Reticuli, particularly relevant
So you know when I kick it, I'm an elephant, man
Not a Joseph Merrick, an elephant, fam
Don't forget, like America, the land of the Klan
They gave you that, I gave you nine-minute schoolgirl rants
Jill Palance, epic Eastern manifestos
Why you on ya keisters waitin' for a trend to pop off?
You knock-off, Chinatown alleyway, circle jerk box-office ratings
YouTube reviewer, shut up
You're contributin' not-a, thing, did I stutter?
You're not helping!

[Bridge: Quelle Chris]
My contribution to this scam
I came in with a 40 oz
Five niggas I came up with, they all rap too
100 CDR discs, three fire sixteens, and a dime bag?
My contribution to this scam
I bought two bottles of Alizé to get it straight
Two stunts I've been tryna stunt on from round the way
Plus my little man, here's the truth: peep what he gotta say

[Chorus 2: Quelle Chris]
My contribution to this scam
"Got that butt doe, yo where that rap at? Someone gotta rap up in this bitch come on now."
My contribution to this scam

[Break: Quelle Chris]
"Yo, what y'all know about the originals, fam? What y'all know about the tree of life, what y'all know 'bout copper? What y'all know about Houston? What y'all know about fear of a black messiah?"

[Verse 2: Quelle Chris]
Class in session, no question, hands down
Pick up the mic and I make the Bionic Man sound
Ya clan's tryna get in the lens, they all fans now
Been hip-hop since Kris Kross was turnin' pants 'round
Errbody wanna be a brand, I follow the barcode
Don't write bars for the scans
And get bread, countin' carbs is the plan
Big for the britches, slurred slick talkin' off the liquids
Throwin' up like I'm crip walkin'
Bonin' up on the flow, circa '94
Peep how the kid went from a wee bit cold to cryo
The pro-black coal like Christ's toes
Bless his soul, optimist Esther Rolle
Disc jockeys jocked the diss, too sqoo
Out the pad, off the top like lice
Jumpin' up, high brain fried like rice and small prawns
Against slight odds and long arms
Of blue bloods and white hoods
Mad 'cause we young black niggas hangin' out in white hoods
Low-budget studios, pop stopper mama pantyhose
Now the CO's got Grammy cameos
Red bottoms on they high school sweetheart's hammer toes
The J before the M-E like Boy Better Know Boy Better Know

[Chorus 3: Quelle Chris & Jean Grae]
My contribution to this scam
I got my rhymebooks in my backpack
In a fat sack just the contact could set you back
Like it was fall black and all that
My contribution to this scam
Let's go listen to this shit in the ride
Roll through the hood bang it out out on ten all night
My cuz got the plug in at Power 105

[Chorus 4: Quelle Chris & Jean Grae]
My contribution to this scam
I got my selfie stick 'cause I do it for the 'gram
This Flat Tummy Tea 'cause I do it for the brands
I make a rap album because anybody can!
My contribution to this scam

[Break: Jean Grae]
Girl 1: Yo yo, peace and blessings, peace and blessings, sis-star
JG: No. No. just don't call me that
G1: Us womb-yn gotta stick together
JG: Please, no...
G1: You know what I'm saying, femcee?
JG: Ughhhh
My contribution to this scam

[Bridge: Quelle Chris]
Get tooken, get tooken
Get tooken, get tooken
My contribution to this scam
Get tooken, get tooken
Get tooken, get tooken
Get tooken, get tooken
Get tooken, get tooken
Get tooken, get tooken, whaaaa?

[Spoken: Jean Grae (under QC)]
Y'all don't like money? Gotta take money

[Outro: Quelle Chris]
I do it for the love, you know what I'm saying?
But uh, I mean that is unless you tryna pay me
'Cause uh, I mean for real, we can make a couple exceptions, y'know?