[Intro: Jean Grae]
Yeah.  Sometimes, the hardest song to write is the shit that’s about you and your true life.  So I tried to put it down on paper and this is what happened

[Hook (Overlapped with Interlude 1): Sample from Angie Stone’s “Life Story”] (x2)
‘Cause this is my life story and it’s for you only
Give you everything

[Interlude 1: Jean Grae]
Everything that I got.  This is me.  This is my life

[Verse 1: Jean Grae]
Not a regular ghetto story—in fact, better be [boring ‘em?]
Instead of clapping, the audience would probably be snoring
So I rap it in 4/4.  When written, it still hits you
You start contemplating not mine but your own issues
Like I print all these rhymes out on a box of used tissues
For the most painful missions, I just kept to myself
Give you the surface to work with, things you already heard of
Like being sixteen and committing motherly murder (What you know about that?)
Or being seventeen and repeating the same hurt
Swear if I could, I’d bury myself in the deep dirt
So insecure, it’s almost at insanity status
And I can’t change, getting older, tryna get by
Rejected again and again, then again and again
Now I’m just half-assed accepted and the confidence thin
As much as I wish I was stronger, I’m seeing the future hopeless
Trying so hard to picture but the lens is out of focus

[Hook (Overlapped with Interlude 2): Sample from Angie Stone’s “Life Story”]
‘Cause this is my life story and it’s for you only
Give you everything
‘Cause this is my life story and it’s for you only
Give you everything
This is my life story and it’s for you only
My life, my life, my life story

[Interlude 2: Jean Grae]
This is everything.  I’m not ashamed to put it out there.  Everybody got their problems, everybody got their stories

[Verse 2: Jean Grae]
Raised Muslim, daddy traveled often, mommy’s career was shot
Stuck with the kids at home, still pressing records to drop
She could have been a star, so I carry the burden
Of thinking my birth and my brothers changed the fate of her living
Hugs and kisses, wish us well
Daddy’s fanatic, religious, musician, recovering alcoholic as well
He doesn’t hit us much but his mommy’s back
Bone crushed, spirit smashed, roam fast, talk shit
Past the abuse, it’s just pain that would shatter glass if
I uttered it at all, so I try to just let it pass [with?]
Lover was never lucky.  Lust fuck me a lot
So trust shaky in any relationship that I got
No fame finally struck me
This ain’t the story of Jean Grae that’s airing after the story of [?]
No one wants me, so I fight everyday for respect
And still know that can’t nobody touch me, man

[Hook (Overlapped with Interlude 3): Sample from Angie Stone’s “Life Story”]
‘Cause this is my life story and it’s for you only
Give you everything
‘Cause this is my life story and it’s for you only
Give you everything
This is my life story and it’s for you only
My life, my life, my life story

[Interlude 3: Jean Grae]
Give you everything on this one.  Keep listening.  Uh huh.  My life

[Verse 3: Jean Grae]
Stick to your morals and everything falls into place
But the only thing that’s falling is all my patience to waste
I’m sick of begging, sick of letting these fuckers dictate
My family future and snatching back a chance at the plate
Cancer’s eating daddy away, damn it
I’m just a little black girl, managed to fandangle halfway in the gate
And grab a little and run, holding blanks in a gun
Shooting nothing, bluffing, Russian Roulette not even one
I used to get off just thinking of getting on
Now it’s a chore just to think of writing a song
Once was a performer who used to adore the stage
Now I feel like a benchwarmer, never getting a shot to play

[Interlude 4: Jean Grae]
Now, now, it, it can’t even be like this.  There’s gotta be a point—there’s gotta be.  There has to be a breaking point.  (I can’t go on).  It’s, it’s gotta be today.   It’s gotta be my day now.  Fuck this

[Hook (Overlapped with Outro): Sample from Angie Stone’s “Life Story”]
My life story and it’s for you only
Give you everything
Come into my love story.  Give you all the glory
Give it up to you
This is my life story and it’s for you only
My life, my life, my life story

[Outro: Jean Grae]
That wasn’t even the half.  Can’t put everything in, like, three minutes