[Intro: Jean Grae]
Oh my God, you know it's cold because the wind chill factor is, like, different than the actual temperature
And like, you know we use, like, nucular powers and stuff—we be destroying stuff
Yo, I’m dumb smart
Dumb, dumb, dumb…

[Verse 1: Pumpkinhead]
This is a story of why I hate stupid people
‘Cause stupid people do stupid things they don't need to
Like, blow up your spot when you're chilling on a date
Like, “You still with your wife ‘cause I saw her yesterday?”
Stupid.  Or better yet, what makes me more irate
When rappers hit me up with a message on my MySpace
Like, “Yo, I respect your music.  You're the best to do it
Drop a sixteen for the love, dude.”  What are you, stupid?
I got bills—I was built to survive
You flip burgers to get high.  Hip-hop's my 9-to-5
So don't get mad and don’t hit me with that bull again
Or diss me to your friends through your blogs and your bulletins
‘Cause that's stupid
You're so clueless
I might lose it
Stop being stupid

[Hook: Jean Grae and Pumpkinhead] (x2)
Are you stupid, Stupid
Why you stupid, Stupid
Yeah, you stupid, Stupid
Stop being [STU-PID]

[Verse 2: Pumpkinhead]
Celebrities are the worst—they hate cameras in they face
But behind closed doors, they cold whores, making sex tapes
Paris Hilton got sprayed in her face—Kim Kardashian too
Vivid gave a million to Ray-J—stupid
O.J. got away with murdering his kids' mother
Just to get locked up for robbery years later—stupid motherfucker
It's like a disease—people catch it with ease
You can get it from sharing straws or even from a sneeze
Matter fact, it's a fact that stupid people slipping
Don't know the difference between saving lives and being a snitch
Anderson Cooper asked Cam'ron if he'd tell on a serial killer
He said “no,” he'd move—that's a stupid-ass nigga
I hope God forgive him for his stupid-ass ways
And I hope y’all understand stupid does as stupid says
Stupid

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Jean Grae]
Your IQ's in the single-digit bracket, nigga
Your quoted quotient divisible by the wackest niggas
Jean ain't smarter—that's some elementary knowledge
You motherfuckers demented, retarded
Best defense?  I beg your pardon
Your stupid parents [?] because of you
You nincompoop, special-ed simpleton, go get a clue
Fuck it two, go for three
I don't understand.  We had the same educational opportunities, enemies, Hennessey
What happened to you?  I'm almost insulted
Better be a medical condition or something—maybe you fronting
Tryna hang out all with the cool kids
Sweetie, you got kids
Dumb as kicking rocks on uphill
Watching your train wreck, watching your brain think
We all doomed. Idiocracy, be a buffoon
Coons win, good lawd

[Hook]