[Verse 1]
I was a skeptic, hesitant, even when he said
I've heard that line before
It always carried some ill intent for sure
But then he said it some more
Pretend I've never been in love, I'm not getting sprung
But I could miss it, he could be the one
No one better than he could make me believe
I'm 'bout to call my family, be like "I met him, mom"
"Wedding's on! Ready the party!" but instead I'm calm
Surface though, all fireworks, wired up espresso
His expressiveness is impressive as ever, let's go
Chill in the tropics drinking rum punch, One Love
Singing it over lunch he got me love dunced out
My luck's been out, feel me?
It done run south, left me a ton of doubt
It's never fun gettin' the run-around
Wooed easy, I bruise easy
When dudes leave me I get boozed ugly, oh trust me
He's freaking speech though and I'm drinking Goldschlager
A teensy-more-than-moderate feeling you both scatter
Feeling your clothes 'cause you're appealing and you're really close
Thinking of stashing you up in my pockets, being ghost
Check it, I'm long-legged, we could wreck my dorm mattress
You could be my new partner, or my new fetish

[Hook]
Supa luv for me
I'm looking for the one in all my dreams
Looking for the one in all my dreams
Could you be my supa luv?
I need a supa luv
I need a supa luv

[Verse 2]
Okay, this one's different now
Step to me dancing, hand in my back pants
And dancing to back tinting
Same line, way fine, he from the Cayman Islands
And my waistline he trace, fine enough flutter my eyelids I'm
Drinking Patron shots, so much the floor shakes
Loving every bit of him he's sputtering the rhythm and
Buttering Grae's ego with the clean-cut pimp-lean
With the clean glean, "I tink I love he!"
Picture us loverly, playing games, he's hugging me
Stay engaged two weeks, eloping out the country
Not a spark of potential and um
Y'all, did I mention he's a tall drink of water?
Sink him into me mentally, intensely feeling him
Intentionally sipping Hennessy, let's leave the building
So we can build more, he's so hot
We can have a family because he told me he got

[Hook]
Supa Luv for Jean
Something that isn't the hook
You could be the one in all my dreams
Could you be my supa luv?
I need a supa luv
I need a supa luv
And also some god damn water

[Pause: Jean drinks water]
One, two, three, four

[Hook]
Supa Luv for Jean
Could you be the supa luv for me?
I'm looking for the one in all my dreams
Could you be my supa luv?
I need a supa luv
I need a supa luv

[Outro]
The girl in the front needs a supa luv
That guy needs a supa luv
(He needs a supa luv)
Everybody got a supa luv
People who are on the guest list got a supa luv
Even though I need a supa luv
You guys don't pay for the tickets cause you thought you were too special got a supa luv
(It doesn't have to be soup or love)
Why do I have to choose between soup or love?
What is that?  Soup or love?
Soup is kinda like love at the same time

Oh, that's gonna go for a while