[Intro]
Good evening!  Jean Grae.  Hello!

[Hook 1]
Y'all been wastin’ too much time and done left the door open for me (Really, really?  C'mon)
I mean sleepin’.  And fuckin’ up.  Well thank ya!  Thank ya!  (Thank you.  Thanks a lot, though)
Y'all been wastin’ too much time and done left the door open for me
Y'all been sleepin’, fuckin’ up all around.  Well thank ya!

[Verse One]
I spit like the kids on the little bus—non-stop
Skill more disturbing than the thought of your ex having sex with one of your parents (Eww!)
All on top like the flip missionary mission
Beatch! I'm straight trippin’ like niggas done killed my cousin
Been slept on, passed-over like in the Jewish tradition
Cast in cameos like I'm dressed in hand-me-downs
A step-sister, an afterthought.  Niggas are shook.  It's alright
‘Cause I will smack you in the mouth.  I'm Jean Grae
And it's an ill life, watchin’ these niggas fall from ghetto grace
And I'm willin’ to fill in the blanks, spillin’ slick like a drunken oil tanker
Killin’ off every rank in your squad (Feelin’ me God?)
Vomitin’ constant drama 'til my larynx scarred (Ow!)
No passin’.  It is personal—fuck what you heard.  It's been too long
I'm ready to go on.  Y'all still in dress rehearsal
Studyin’ lines with understudies and clique buddies
Y'all just bullshittin’, practicin’, and need to be quittin’

[Hook One – Sung] * simultaneous
Time to build back the paper (Time to do it)
Hurry up before we all go crazy (Crazy, crazy, crazy)
* Been so long, so long, much too long
* Don't it make you kinda wonder, if you trust it (Alright)
The biggest wheels in town are gettin’ busted (Verse two)

[Verse Two]
Too soon did you try and judge me.  Wait, that's dumb, conceited
Thinkin’ you even heard of the chick who's gonna kill you later
I'm kiddin’.  Bitter ‘cause I'm written off as some sex kitten
[?], freaky bitches like in 80's mittens—it's so sad!
Paid an insane amount of dues, underground to the death
I rep it, y'all been so supportive, don't download the record
Check me only in the "yes" box, never put "no" or "maybe"
My gimmick bend more lyrics, straight lyrics, no crazy
The jig is up for real; rap puppies jumpin’ up and get a little treat for they deal
Shit, all I need is a toke and a pack of stokes and a frequent meal
Wait!  And a mansion.  Wait!  And a shiny car.  Jean Grae—superstar!
Really, just look at what happens ‘cause cats is wiggin’
"I know who should never hang out with Jerry's children!"
It's scary, like women that ain't really women—just dudes who tryna holla at 'em
Fuck, that was confusing.  Just let the dude sing (Alright)

[Hook Two – Sung] * simultaneous
Time to build back the paper (Time to do it)
Hurry up before we all go crazy (Crazy, crazy, crazy)
* Been so long, so long, much too long
* Don't it make you kinda wonder, if you trust it (For real)
The biggest wheels in town are gettin’ busted (Take it to the bridge!)

[Bridge]
Too soon we think we know, too much, too soon we wanna play
While we let the best of the greatest slip away (Rewind!)

[Hook 1]
Y'all been wastin’ too much time and done left the door open for me (Thank you, thank you)
I mean sleepin’.  And fuckin’ up.  Well thank ya!  Thank ya!  (Thank ya!  Thank ya, bitches!)
Y'all been wastin’ too much time (This is where it goes off-beat) and done left the door open for me (Still feel it though)
Y'all been sleepin’, fuckin’ up all around.  Well thank ya! (Good night!)