That is great
Good for you
OK, get out of the way though
Thank you
Excuse me, excuse me

Been a long time (yes) shouldn't have left you
Without a dope beat to step to
Say uh, shouldn't have left you
Without a dope beat to step to, sayin'

(UH OH! UH OH! UH OH!) C'mon, the word is back
(UH OH! UH OH! UH OH!) Yeah, y'know you heard of that
(UH OH! UH OH! UH OH!) Oh! Uh, you know the word is back
(UH OH! UH OH! UH OH!) Yes, I know you heard of that

Psychopath, ride a tricycle in a biker's club
Mike Tyson face tatted addict, like it rough
Hey scatterbrain, don't get your gray matter punched up
'Til you hunched, talk-talkin' like you punch drunk

One love, two maybe if I'm drunk enough
Naked watchin' three painted ladies do the bump and rub
Mean muggin' Jean, the Heebs call meshugenah
Bookin' her in the Catskills like "look at her rap skills!"

He's rockin' a backpack, a nerd in the rat pack
Jean Martine de Begerac, you heard of her murder rap
I murder rap, you learn it, confirm it and burn its audio
Music for your convertible, music for burnin' cardio!

Don't use it for burners, they'll find me in your stereo
And blame me for the murders, lock me up and get me carried off
I know I said murder befo' - murder murder, FUCK IT murder
Make it fo', insert a learning curve

Mine is so high you get vertigo, assertive girl a-fern a blow
Eternally superlative, blindfolded learn to drive
At night up on a girder bridge, heard a "NO!"
Talib dirty nervousness, yes the boys are back
Oh yes the boys in black, the boy's ? rap star
Teeny rock star, minus the f'real and all the cop cars
Rocks off, lock bars with the realest (hach-too) in the spot
Really y'all should get on your knees and just pray for forgiveness sayin'

[Chorus]
(UH OH! UH OH! UH OH!) I said the word is back
(UH OH! UH OH! UH OH!) Uh oh, you heard of that
(UH OH! UH OH! UH OH!) I said the word is back
(UH OH! UH OH! UH OH!) Uh oh you heard of that oh
(UH OH! UH OH! UH OH!) I said uh oh
(UH OH! UH OH! UH OH!) Oh yeah you heard of that oh
(UH OH! UH OH! UH OH!) I said uh oh
(UH OH! UH OH! UH OH!) Oh yeah you heard of that, oh

I'm a, man of God who asked the Devil for some face time
It's shade time you never see him comin' cause you fake, blind
The mainline, Bloods are wavin' flags like K'Naan
Crips throwin' gang signs, the beast in the street

Bearin' teeth like a canine, low like the bassline
Jean and Kwe' think alike like great minds
The crown is on my head, what makes you think that you can take mine?
They know they'll never win but still they racist like a hate crime

Runnin' track like Tyra in Higher Learning
We bleeding gasoline so we keepin' the fire burnin'
We speedin' like Valvoline and we speak fo' a higher purpose
You believe in magazines that deliver entire sermons

Give me some Vaseline cause your shit is dryer than deserts
You never fired a weapon in your life
So picturin' yourself as a gangster the only way that you shootin'
And my intelligent design is a product of evolution

Psychotic, erotic, catch phrases just to, get at your girl
Create solutions for a digital world
So baby even when I'm spittin' game I'm addin' on
Rappers goin' hard pure for the dope, I got an acronym for Capricorn

Said to them prepared, rigorous, innovative
Captivatin', ordinary, regular, nigga just
Throwin' daily your chick goin' crazy yo
Handle her like Chelsea Lately
Rockin' the fresh kicks like you felt her baby

We'll wait until you done bein' whack
We got every hand up from the front to the back
If you wonderin' why you just dressin' funny in rap
You need attention dog, there ain't no more, money in rap

So if you're mixin' with Garage Band, videos on the Flip cam
I'm a big fan you got more heart than Bret, he hitman
But shit damn, it's the pinnacle, it gets no better
I'm boastin', but still stay humble
Never spinnin', I'm always coastin'

[Chorus]