Intro]
Yo, 1 for the beat, 2 for the real (Alright)
Cats who never doubted I was dropping the skill
For all my peoples in the NY and SA who blessed me
A  gassed face to all those who still wanna test me (Word)
3 for the fans who already know the name (Who?)
4 smacks to all wack niggas in the game (Yes)
5,6,7,8,9,10 for the flows
Ay yo, Len.  Drop it to zero.  This how the story goes:

[Verse 1]
Drama, so close to not completing the missing piece of the puzzle
Quit again, in again, drop suit be followin’
Swallowing pride like porn stars and money shots
I'm hitting ya blocks, spinning as heavy as SUV’s doing 360’s
I'm ready as ever, overdue like the rain in New York
Sustained a steady fan base, but you still don't know me
Hold me in your highest regards, I'm your homie
I relate—it's personal, nothing fake, read me.  Wait, I'd rather dictate it
Relay it to you on a deeper level
Kick off your shoes and light your L’s.  Let’s talk and get to know each other
Better.  I'm Jean, honorable team player for years
Emceeing on the low, in videos devoid of the hoes
For sho'.  It's crunch time.  I'm the one they sent to piss your label off
They won't fuck with me, unless I'm paradin’, taking it off
Nah, man.  Executives con man
This record is too hot to get pushed back another minute
It would burn a set control.  Well, admit it
You liked it when the first bar dropped
In less than one second, she's already spitting
I need y’all.  You want a change?  Well here it is
Let's stop complaining, make it happen—everybody step up your game
‘Cause everybody's stuck in park or reverse
Lettin’ media choose your path and rape you, market you less than you worth
I was gonna throw your towel in
But honestly, you cats deserve some better music
Plus, come on.  What else would I be doing?  Shit…

[Hook]
(What, what, what would I do?) If, like my people, said, "I left it to you"
(Tell me what, what, what would I do?) If I didn't try a verse, if I didn't rhyme
(Tell me what, what, what would I do?) If I just hated and did nothing to change it
(Tell me what, what, what would I do?) Hell no, that could never happen

[Verse 2]
There's so much further to go
I feel like Mindy Cohen doing the One to Grow On
Yeah, I'm old school—40’s and high tops
Triple Gooses and Travel Fox.  Huaraches and Blow Pops
I'm down to earth but still dreamin’.  Peace to Skeme Team and all of my niggas on the come up
Apani and Lyric, we gon' take it there
The rest of y’all just taking up space and you don't even care
It's like you started eating Thanksgiving dinner without saying grace
I whisper a prayer for you ‘cause you cats are lost and probably not gon' make it back
Fuck it.  It's more for me, I guess.  So please don't stress it
The best is yet to come.  This is just an introduction
I'm 'bout to have niggas madder than big titty girls who gettin’ breast reductions
The purpose of my function is to smash, simply put, trash you
Until you cry, "Uncle, mercy," wander aimless in this concrete jungle and curse me
There ain't a need for verse three—I can feel it
That would rob you of your manhood and I'm not into stealing
So tell me…

[Hook]
(What, what, what would I do?) If, like my people, said, "I left it to you"
(Tell me what, what, what would I do?) If I didn't try a verse, if I didn't rhyme
(Tell me what, what, what would I do?) If I just hated and did nothing to change it
(Tell me what, what, what would I do?) Hell no, that could never happen

[Outro]
Ha ha, yeah man... And it's only the beginning...
Better choose sides now…