[Intro: Sample]
"An individual coming into a corporation, walking into the data center, turning the power switch off. All the machines immediately power down because that's what happens—the human infrastructure goes offline and stops working. Humans, not unlike machines in a data center, have sensors. In our cases, a threat sensor called the limbic system, and when there's a threat, they basically go into protective mode, and you can see it when you walk around—people are very, very guarded. They parse every word that comes out of their mouth, they're watching your every action. There's something called fear conditioning, which is exactly the same thing. That person's image gets imprinted on the brain—in the brain of the other individual that they've threatened. Your brain would maintain an image of that 'cause it was a great threat to your survival. All you need is the mere presence of that individual to set off the limbic system—a cascade of events, it could be passing them in the hallway, it could be them coming to a meeting where you have to be there with them. The fact of the matter is, the minute that person shows up, the meeting becomes completely unproductive; everybody is focused on the threat, not on the work. And it's the same thing: it's like having a room full of equipment, when none of it is working—suddenly these people are so—so damaging."

[Verse 1: Jean Grae]
Hacksaws, crass black Rachmaninoff
Smack paws with the cats from the Donner Party
That's a body party, Ciara, Nevada
I'm Hunter's lawyer scared of nada
Paranoia among you marionettes is fodder for me
Tell your father for me I said, "What up?
But don't call me," what's the story? Glory, never
Not even when I'm salt and pepper?
You'll go on and ignore me forever? Cardi
Still carded
Immortal form in the shape of adorable, stay sharper than Dominican barber shape-ups
Marble, tabletop elegance, Parker Posey, Peter, New York elements
Par irrelevance, Smithsonian twice
Pardon your feigned ignorance, bitch, pardon your life
Cotta terra color, Botticelli body, mind a mile minute
The pedagogy's for no fucks, infinite
Better keep a medevac hoverin' 24 or the fault's all yours as you draw your last breath
And I draw chalk while y'all still talkin' all stressed
Spitting Ipecac, called ya family, bawl out ya chest, boy
Act next door, demeanor with the neck tats confuse
Textbook procedure with an X-Acto, profuse use
Of calling me "sassy motherfucker,” Balderdash, I'm the original nasty motherfucker
Let's dance

[Chorus: Jean Grae]
Ten, nine, eight, seven, six
Five, four, three, two, one
Zero, zero, zero, zero, zero, zero
Fucks to give: zero, zero, zero
Fucks to give: zero, zero, zero
Fucks to give: zero, zero

[Verse 2: Jean Grae]
You already know I'ma reign on it
Bring me the check, king me
Fire, brimstone, magma, lava, Dylan, molten granite, dollars
Kimchee, longer it sits, stronger the MC
But no literal sittin' humility, nobody touch her
Nobodies given immunity and I start killin' at dusk, though
Everybody doin' the hustle like I'm shooting in a crowded disco
You pop cap locks brother

[Pre-Chorus: Jean Grae]
Ya missed me? Did you miss me?
Well, you should have bought the catalog, stupid
You getting whatchu put in, pudding, clueless
I don't make personal house calls to do this
Foolish, rules is mixed if my whole don't exist
And if I don't go on a list then why the fuck should I color in lines, I'm colored in fine
New Crayola color, I see you colored in mine
Now who you say your mother, me?

[Chorus: Jean Grae]
Ten, nine, eight, seven, six
Five, four, three, two, one
Zero, zero, zero, zero, zero, zero
Fucks to give: zero, zero, zero
Fucks to give: zero, zero, zero
Fucks to give: zero, zero

[Verse 3: Jean Grae]
Brutal shot, harsh wit get it in
Better than pseudo, better men
Been yelling Uno, since I was stepping in
Kudos nada, feel Uber lyft out, Juno
In rudimentary form, in top form
But you've been pawned like I'm not born
I pom pom myself solo tho, cheers
Go alone mon ami holding no fears
Say fuck 'em

[Outro: Samples]
"Zero-o-o!"
"Zero!"