B-Real
When options are few, and opportunities fewer
They treat you like manure so you feel you got no future
You feel left out and overlooked
Now its the same story with a different book

They said I'd never make it hey, but they were sadly mistaken
I tried to use the hatred to rake in the dough that I'm making
I never look back, but I can feel their envy upon me
I'm an outsider but I ain't gonna do it for money
Imma do it for my family and for those who believe
Not these fake cats who come along when goals are achieved
When you got nothing they gone, they turn off their ringer
But when you're on top they'll be here at the snap of a finger
I wish it was different but that's only wishful thinking
It takes all you got to go after the shit that you dreamin'
And if you let them get in your way, you got no one to blame
They treat you like a lame and they don't even see you the same

[Chorus]
What are you searching for?
What do you need in life?
Whatchu willing to do to succeed in life?
Whats your destination?
Whats your motivation?
What you celebratin'?
All your time is wasted

We have ambitions to makin' something out of nothing from dark places
The streets embrace us you can tell by the look on the faces
Been through it all so don't ever think that you can get over
Hit me with your best 'cause I'm sportin' the heart of a soldier
Some say a rebel, a trouble-maker,a bad example
Who's head ain't level. they wanna see my hood show cancelled
They can change the channel, they just gimme ammo
They gettin' nervous I can see them smoking the camels
I fought more battles when the loser keep movin' to prosper
Fuck a Grammy, maybe one day I'm winning an Oscar
You can hate me after let you hear the laughter
Its just another chapter you can feel it in my stature
I'm tryn'a feed my fam, and give them something different
So they dont ever have to put on my shoes and relive it
They asked me how I did it, I say ignore your critics
And pay your dues, and to your dreams you have to be commited

[Chorus]
What are you searching for?
What do you need in life?
Whatchu willing to do to succeed in life?
Whats your destination?
Whats your motivation?
What you celebratin'?
All your time is wasted

LIFE is a game that we haven't got mastered
And no matter whos playing you just have pick up the action
And we taking the chances every single day that it passes
Talkin to the masses doesn't make a difference to
We in it together if we look beyond our colors
We only tryn'a feed our family and take care of our mothers
But we kill each other for nothing then society wonders
How they can keep us down forever being fair to our brothers
This ain't no way to live, we' lookin' for a change in the system
We got a ways to go, but they just gotta stay on the mission
Its a struggle and you feel you're in the eye of the storm
But if you make it through, there's no stop in the path that you're on

Chorus