[Intro: Future]
Ay Mike… {Mike Will Made It…}
This feel like that one…
You know, the one that make the club go dumb
{EarDrummers…}

[Hook - Future]
I'm in the club... all to the back, to the back
Techno to the mass, you all know how to act
It's another one, yeah it's another one
It's another one, yeah it's another one
I step back on the scene, all the ladies scream
Just a fresh clean, they surround me like a fiend
It's another way, yeah it's another one
It's got the other one, but no, it's another one!

[Verse 1 - Slice9]
Alright!
It's S L I C E, pointing over here, I know you see me
When we walk up in the building, they know who we'll be
We'll be... it's a movie 3D
Yeah, this beat is wild, it makes the club go down
All this money on it baby, hold a minute, hold up
I've been running games, and tell this fucking..
This is .. zone pimping, so I got my...
I've been there, big checks, I've been there
Your club, I'm in there
Tell them nigags get back, Philly
I think this is a smash, wait a minute, hold up
I ain't called freebandz
Freebndz!

[Hook]

[Verse 2 - Slice9]
Alright its another one yeahI think they're on to us
All the ladies loving this, and anybody wanna fuck with us
Everybody in here, I stack it up and stand there
I ain't cold, we're in this, to win it, we win this
.breath another oxygen, I got you niggas coughin'
Been running games, until it's 4th and inches
I'm on my own division!
East Side I've been there, big chase I've been there
Your club I'm in there
Tell them niggas get back, Philly
Ha, I think this is a smash
Hold a minute, hold up
I ain't called freebandz
Freebandz!

[Hook]

[Verse 3 - Levi Leer]
Yeah, it's another what, yeah it's another hit
Niggas be hating you, they'll be on the other shit
Catch me in the club, you know the girls love Nolan Gang
Yeah baby I'm Levi Leer and now the girls know my name!
Death upon the screen, yeah, all the girls scream
I'll be dressed so fresh and clean in my true religion jeans
And my pockets filled with... but in my pockets I got extra dough
Spend this money.. cause I think these niggas..
I'll be making money, I think I found the receipt
I can see the future like that nigga standing next to me
No one ..what you ask for
..it's another one, give him my number

[Hook]