[Verse 1 - Toumi]
To the guy that took over the shop at the end of my block
The word that's up on the streets is yo' pockets is getting hot
If my girl ever come back to me, if she be short in change
I'mma show you a vengeance runnin' deep as my DNA

Today anyone that doesn't like me is in squeezin' range
Fistbump, handshake, warm/cold embrace
After it all, lucky enough to meet my gaze
It's 'coz stabbin' you in the back just ain't up in my DNA

I'm looking on an eviction 2 years into where I'm livin'
Think I'm gonna lose it all and look my papa in the face?
When the rent's been getting paid?
But you're still up on my case?
You're mistaken in seeing enfeeblement in my DNA

I'mma crush and I'mma conquer, I'mma seize and overcome
Until I'm layin' dead in the street and buried next to my mother
Or my brains are blown out in front of my grievin' old mum
Don't fuck with me if you think that I'm peepin on where I'm from
I ain't even know that shit but remember just where I'm from
Walton, Liverpool, Merseyside, England
If you think I'm talkin' radical, should see me on my board
Talkin' old school, baby. I'll skate before I preach hate
But I'll practice before I preach and I'll bleed coz I ain't a preacher
I'll teach what my teachers taught me and radiate their influence with

Vibes
Got you feelin' this
Vibes
On my realer shit
I'm
Fuckin' killin' it
Fine
On my deeper shit
Keepin it equal with people that keep it cerebral but believe me, there ain't no evil that's defeated my people. That's why I'm here, nigga
That's why I'm real, nigga
That's why finding rhymes that can fuck with mine is rare, nigga
'S why when I'm urked and I'm alone
When I'm chillin on my own
I have full dialogues when there's no-one else home
Catch me cackling to myself like every single fucking day
Man, this shit ain't ever normal makes me think and feel like I got something else in my DNA

[Bridge (Overlayed) - Toumi]
Paranoia is just wisdom init
I've seen you 3 times today in 3 different places
Why are there so many taxis about?
What's that light in the distance?
Can you hear that?
It's not my fault that, like, I think this way is it, I mean given the circumstances...
Ahhh, nah nah nah fuck all that, listen yo

[Verse 2 - Toumi]
Who do I serve nigga?
Why is it when I'm surrrounded by strangers I'm losin' my nerve nigga?

Was it coincidence stayin up in the same unit my mother, estranged did?
Is it coincidence that when I'm headin the gym, the machines that I sit on and then that I lift on are made by a company calls itself Matrix
Huh?

Then will it be coincidental if an accident that results in my death could've just been prevented if I'd held my breath
Divine intervention is not a deterrent from tellin whatever is stressing me mentally, physically. Killing me? Never could finish me
This the infinite, ultimate Alpha, Omega and everything in between
This is the leftover angst I never did get to outlet as a teen
This is the root and the source of the cause of but all of the rage I display
It's the result of me having the genes of a legend in my DNA

Byuk