[ZAVAGE]
That was disgusting, but its okay, cuz we get nasty on the beat

[Chorus: ZAVAGE & Deaize]
Said we trynna get this green, that Yoda, that sprite but just the soda
Til I'm sipping ridding round top down screaming yola
May never cop a foreign, them boys yeah we don't know em
Lets move forward like this for so I can focus
Said we trynna get this green, that Yoda, that sprite but just the soda
Til I'm sipping ridding round top down screaming yola
Them guns all on the table, they fake boy you a fable
I connect it like cables come see my angle lil homie I finnaego
Said lil homie I finnaego

[Verse 1: Deaize]
I turn up with the curly headed wacka flocka (for sure)
We serving all these patients just like we some doctors (whip whip)
I whip it in the kitchen just like Betty Crocker
My girl a trap queen you know Im Fetty Wap
My team we never stopping getting green our only option once them yoda's in my pocket like breezy its on and popping hit the map
With no notice just like a drop in, hit the beat
And make yo head do a top spin woah
Me and Zay just like Riley and Huey
Bully the beat like I'm aiming that uzi
I stick to the script its no need to que me
Icy and clean like a fresh box of jewelry
I took you girl cuz she bad and she boujee
She send me traps in the two piece, Woo!
Finnaego finnaego finesse trust me girl I look the best (Ya!)
In the art show with my set in the art show with my set! (Ya!)
Scoring like nothing but net scoring like nothing but net (Swish)
And y'all wanna talk about sauce? Deaize the great got the zest!
Deaize

[Verse 2: ZAVAGE]
Name ZAVAGE you can call me Zay, Shawdy say that I'm suave
Lil homie don't cross me, like double lines on the highway
Brother said he gone rush me, that stupid loser never touched me
Yo girl know it so stop fronting that block button ain't stop nothing
My god, I got yo girl from afar, look like Phylicia Rashad
She wanna roll up on me, you ain't got the gas money then you can get out of the car!
Who got the bars? Nah how you dapper than?
More like dapper don, John Gotti in his prime
Optimus how I rhyme, Transform ya whole mind
Oh yeah lil homie I get down like the syndrome
Riches off the wisdom but won't even go cop a cellphone
Oh no, broke boy but I'm smoother than some butter
Stealing girlfriends can get messy I'm that quicker picker upper
This that bounty flow, I got shawdies all over the county though
If she try to go and touch the dough then she gotta go
Got more bounce then an ounce negro never had to sell it though
I push it like a pedal yo, on top of yo pedestal
He don't want no smoke no marijuana
Boy I can turn ya block into a sauna
Don't come around me searching for the drama
Ill throw them hands with you and yo mama
Iont really need a choppa sending shots no ciroqua
Choppa hit him -Blocka-Blocka!
Coat with the fur, Chewbacca, Curly headed Wacka Flocka!
Shawdy show me what them bands do, gotchu rocking like a band do
But my pockets need knots like a bantu
Yeah I speak Spanish too, but if it ain't pesos then I can't understand you
Don't disrespect us we really aggressive cuz when we reckless you call the detective its Eastwood forever, you can come reck us
We don't need no tech to protect us

[Chorus]