[Chorus: Joey Bada$$]
Look, I ain't gotta force it
This that youngest on the 30 Under Forbes list (that Forbes list)
Yeah, I be cashin' out, I be cashin' out (money)
I moved my mama from the hood into a fortress (that fortress)
I said I made a few million in some weeks, bitch (in some weeks)
Hey, told the world about it, ain't no secret (secret)
You niggas worried 'bout the crown, worried 'bout the crown (worried)
Fuck it, you can tell them clowns they can keep it (they can keep it)

[Verse 1: Joey Bada$$]
At 17 I made six figures (yeah)
Immature young rich nigga (what else?)
By 21 I made a mil' twice (yeah)
Your dreams, my real life
I'm up early, you still asleep (sleep)
I've been a wolf and I kill the sheep
Gotta pray on the prey for my enemies
'Cause they wanna feed off my energy (yeah, yeah)
Lyrically no one ahead of me
I could die today, still leave a legacy
That you can't ever be
Put that on everything, this is my destiny
It was all meant to be, fuck is you tellin' me?
You ain't 'bout nothin'
With my niggas, we flexin' and stuntin'
'Cause we had to work harder, was hustlin'
Play your card 'cause we know that you bluffin' (yeah, hey)
I got two cars, nigga, two cribs
Big body and a little Benz
Triplex on my own land
And I paid bills before a grown man (that's right)
That's on my mama, stackin' plenty commas
Got good karma like the Dalai Lama (yeah)
I'm tailor-made for this, buy designer
Bitch, I'm the nigga, just to remind you, yeah (hey)

[Interlude: Joey Bada$$]
To remind you, to remind you
Black Power
Just to remind you

[Verse 2: XXXTENTACION]
Yeah uh, murder gang
Run and make a nigga lose his vertebrae, uh
Southside nigga, murder everything, uh
Shots fire, make a nigga run, man (fire, fire)
I sent your grandma a dick pic, uh
Got that bitch all on my dick tip, uh
I am so strange like a misfit, uh
Kick that bitch out, she indifferent, uh
Feel a nigga mind, see a nigga grind
Fuckin' gold mine of a mind
Full kai, Super Saiyan on these niggas
Fightin' birds in the damn sky 'cause I'm damn fly–

[Interlude: XXXTENTACION & Joey Bada$$]
Ayy, ayy Joey, ayy Joey, I'm just... I'm just gon' stop rapping
I'm just gon' stop rapping right now, on this song
Not... I mean, not in... not in, in general, but just on this song 'cause
You slumped out?
I ain't... yeah, I ain't tryna... I ain't tryna destroy these niggas
Sike!

[Verse 3: XXXTENTACION]
Ayy, grind on my dick like a Ripstik, uh
My body count is like 60, uh
Your bitch on me, she need CPR
I fucked that bitch right on DVR
I slapped that meat on her cheeky, yes
I sucked her toes, yes I'm freaky, yes
Caught a grand theft just like GTA
If he talk shit, watch me beat him, ayy
Hop on that beat and I beat the A
Work-work-work, shout out to RiRi, ayy
Keep a blade on me like Sasuke, uh
Shout out my nigga, ImDontai, uh
Build to the pussy like Fortnite, uh
My dick is stuck in your whore like oww

[Interlude: XXXTENTACION]
¡Cabron! ¿Qué tú dijiste?
Bae, it's just a lyric bae
¿Qué tú dijiste?
I'm sorry

[Chorus: Joey Bada$$]
Look, I ain't gotta force it
This that youngest on the 30 Under Forbes list (that cashin' out)
Yeah, I be cashin' out, I be cashin' out (money)
I moved my mama from the hood into a fortress (that fortress)
I said I made a few million in some weeks, bitch (in some weeks)
Hey, told the world about it, ain't no secret (secret)
You niggas worried 'bout the crown, worried 'bout the crown (worried)
Fuck it, you can tell them clowns they can keep it (they can keep it)