[Verse]
Black suits on the throne, bitch it's Don Corleone (bitch)
Holdin' on the chrome, I promise I won't go alone (nah)
50 shots it turn apartments to a mobile home (that's right)
The system plottin' tryna charge us on the mobile phone (what?)
I don't say too much, you speaking hot I'm hanging up
Don't tell me that you paid enough, you know my product ain't enough
I hear the whispers, I just really have no time to bring 'em up
You can't name a place or time you seen me and my chain was tucked
Hold up, presidential status, no impeachment
Took yo' bitch I brought her to the palace just to freak it (yeah)
She was slick recording while I'm smashing then she leaked it (she leaked it)
Stupid bitch, I caught her, I ain't trapping, she was speechless (stupid bitch)
Yeah, uh, I got different flavor whores (what else?)
I don't prolong, bitch, what you waiting for? (what else?)
Met her at the show, you know just how I play on tour (that's it)
I let 'em come and go, what you tryna save her for?
Rose gold charm, hit the light, you can't ignore (bling)
Call me Coach Don, I got a lot of plays to call (huh)
I wake up then I pray up and make sure the safe secured (yeah)
I don't sleep, I stay up daydreamin' 'bout ways of makin' more (bitch!)

[Chorus]
Miss me with that bullshit (miss me with that bullshit)
You ain't from these parts, you're a tourist (you ain't from these parts, you're a tourist)
Yeah, you know we got the jaws of the purest (yeah, you know we got the jaws of the purest)
Yeah, I went and got the bag, I secured it (yeah, I went and got the bag, I secured it)
Yeah, I had a [?] disease, but I cured it (yeah, I had a [?] disease, but I cured it)
Got a mansion for the team, I insured it (got a mansion for the team, I insured it)
We ain't never going back, and I'm sure of it (we ain't never going back, and I'm sure of it)
We ain't never going back, and I'm, ahh (we ain't never going back, going back)

[Outro]
Yeah nigga
Niggas can't fuck with me nigga, fuck this shit man (yeah!)
Highbridge the Label
Don
Y'all already know how we comin' man (yeah)
Don talk (bitch!)