Chorus (0:14)

I don't feel alive.I don't feel alive. Like I'm slowly
Waiting to die. From the time I open my eyes. I don't feel alive
I don't feel alive. Like I'm slowly waiting to die
From the time that I open my eyes so unsatisfied
This world I grow to despise.My Dream is not realized
Every time I open my eyes. Every time I open my eyes

Verse 1(0:40)
Eats away at my soul I never feel whole
Cause I ain't playing my role no wonder
I'm sick and tired Of being sick & tired
Eating humble pie and feeling undesired
Slowly Changing my facial expression
Every second & moment of day I've feel I've Been robbed
When you look in the mirror What do you see?
I am NOT talking to you. I'm talking to me
So Unsatisfied Aren't you tried of hoping & wishing
And Living in limited vision
(Sucks) cause you fit this description
Lack the drive and Ambition.Something is missing
Maybe it's money Maybe it's Fame
People don't know your name
Hard to maintain racking my brain
Ain't nothing change Stuck in the past
Things just stays the same I'm on a decline
No peace of mind So hard to find, Just wasting my time
Instead of going forward I'm Stay stuck on rewind (x2)


Chorus (1:33)
(I don't feel alive.I don't feel alive
Like I'm slowly waiting to die
From the time I open my eyes.I don't feel alive
I don't feel alive. Like I'm slowly waiting to die
From the time that I open my eyes
So unsatisfied.This world I grow to despise
My Dream is not realized. Just Open your eyes

Verse 2 (2:00)
Second guessing Myself. Not expressing Myself
Knowing I have a dream Don't believe in myself
Stuck in the box where I put in myself
My Life currently sucks It Speaks for itself
I don't believe! Why I don't achieve
My dream on this earth.What keeps me alive
More I don't have it It's hard to survive
Fear of failure Stuck in my eyes
A life without purposeIs waiting is to die
And Why I feel like I'm next in line
I'm on the decline No peace of mind
So hard to find, Just wasting my time
You don't feel alive You don't feel alive
Only One reason cause You don't even try

Chorus 2:40
I don't feel alive. I don't feel alive
Like I'm slowly waiting to die
From the time I open my eyes
I don't feel alive