[Hook: Swae Lee]
No Flex Zone, No Flex Zone
They know better, they know better
No flex zone, no flex zone
They know better, they know better

[Verse 1: J Doe]
I ride back on it, it's yo boy Yung Freshie
Wabbin' at the door, no guess me
These hoes lookin' at me desperate
Hate niggas betta find an exit
Pockets full of dollars on my check list
Wobble like a muthafuckin' fresh prince
Broke niggas ain't want respect then
And these hoes only get rejection
I got yo bitch last night
And tomorrow I'm ready for the next one
I'm next, yo dawg, yo bitch, she off it
She see me, she fall, these hoes ain't loyal
When a rich nigga want her
And a rich nigga need
That only leave one spot for 'er
That broke nigga to beat, hold up!

[Hook]

[Verse: OT Genasis]
These niggas be talkin' that shit
Like I won't pull a pistol out and make them 'yeee'
Initially mane, cause I'm in the game
So niggas is like 'who is he?!'
Finnessin' and juggin', you're damn right I'm cookin'
Death to the suckheads, the federal lookin'
Roll with the burner, cause we don't play fair
Two on yo head like we countin' yo hair
Bitch, I am tellin' you niggas
Yes, I am your father, you trip, I'mma pop (praaa)
I'm holdin' my bandz with diamonds that's blue
As the white, now you think I'mma cop
Damn right I'mma cop, I'mma cop me a benz
Cop me a who?! Cause I don't do friends
She don't do right, then I'm fuckin' her friend
That's what happen when it ain't one hunit with G
No flex zone, cause I'm all about mill
You can't go Hollywood in Beverly Hills

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Busta Rhymes]
She did a flex so hard until a bitch gil'
Everything about me is a big deal
Lay yo ass down and flex that pussy
On a dick shatter, tell me how the dick feel
When I'm in the building, shit done get real
Do you think I need to tell ya click chill?!
You and yo whole team, ain't like niggas who got and get served?!
On the strip, cause you niggas pop pills
You got milk? Well, I got mills
You niggas got a deal? Well, I got deals
Cut the mansion, put it on top of the mountain
Bought another one up in the hills
No flex zone, two techs, chrome
Quadruplex homes, you vexed? So...
Who's next? Those
Who think that you the best? No
Suplex hoes, tryna flex in a no flex zone
With the dick

[Hook]