[Verse 1: Meek Mill]
Homies dead and I miss 'em
Rest caught up in the system
Trayvon Martin in a hoodie, MAC with a fully, I won't be a victim
Pyrex stove in the kitchen
Pray the lord gon' forgive us
Go to war with the realest
For the love of Benjis, saw it in my dinner
I went from captain to K
Catchin' a bus to catchin' a Wraith
Banana boy, up in my Bape
I'm tryna catch me an eighth
They tryna touch on my safe
I cannot barely can sleep
I gotta lay with my peeps
Every single fuckin' day of the week
They killed my daddy in nine-two
I had to stay in the streets
Warrin' with niggas from down the block
I had to wake up to beef
Forty gon' wake up the neighbors
They gotta wake up to me
Smokin' dope got me paranoid like the Reaper was waitin' for me
Tell my opps that we gon' die about this shit
I come from a place where niggas die about a diss
You ain't in the hood so we can't slide by your strip
Cookin' so much fuckin' work I might get high off that brick

[Chorus: Eearz]
Can't ever forget, can't ever forget
Them haters remind me, to get back on my [?]
Where I come from niggas 'round here die 'bout that shit
Me and mine so fuck the other side, I am drippy
This shit that remind me, all the days I had less
Hatin' on me for what? you should go get a check
You gon' do what to who? better say it with your chest
We gon' come for your neck, I suggest you protect

[Verse 2: Eearz]
Ma died back in oh-five, it was no one but me
Popped out that pussy nine-two, fell in love with the streets
I do not do perpetuations, these real talk and the statements
Hide the masses, I hit payment
I need street participation
They said that I wouldn't be nothin'
It's just like a fuckin' nigga to be hatin'
I got business for myself and he ain't
I'm tryna pull up, make the whole block faint
The coupe stained inside, candy paint
I pass the [?] 'cause a nigga don't drank it
Only get faded on special occasions
Like when I get them new Ben Franks
I got niggas on the roof and the flank
For the ones who think diamonds be blank
We hit him up at the top of his tank
Strong arm who, bitch I get dank
Told him strip, let the lil baby spray
Now off rip name heavy in the race
Need no nigga, I depend on my faith
I bet they give me a Wraith and a [?]
Put all the play aways in the game and put a [?] out his ways
See niggas don't know about all the pain and see all my struggle
See I came straight out of them crevices and that gutter
These niggas don't know about it, better then not tell 'em I show 'em, yeah I show 'em

[Chorus: Eearz]
Can't ever forget, can't ever forget
Them haters remind me, to get back on my [?]
Where I come from niggas 'round here die 'bout that shit
Me and mine so fuck the other side, I am drippy
This shit that remind me, all the days I had less
Hatin' on me for what? you should go get a check
You gon' do what to who? better say it with your chest
We gon' come for your neck, I suggest you protect

[Verse 3: Meek Mill]
Yeah, they'll smoke you for a Rollie
Niggas kill him for a Cuban
Gotta watch how I'm movin'
Freddie Kruger with the Ruger
They'll kill you when you're talkin' peace
Learned that shit from Martin Luther
Gotta move with a shooter
More jewels than a jeweler
Niggas be hating for what
You should go get you a check
Diamonds they jumping like checkers
But we still moving like chess
Head shot, head shot
Bang bang, what you gon' do with that vest?
Ran off like thirty bricks
Give a fuck 'bout who the connect
We was just living to die
Now we just dying to live
They put my dog in the sky
We spilling bottles to live
You better check your homie 'fore I put a check on the top of his head
Bitches be checking for me 'cause they know a nigga on top of his bread
I drop four like Uno
Fuck a popstar, get kudos
Two bad hoes in my two door
Flooded my fleece on [?]
Went OG on your OG
My young nigga he a fool though
We had to go get it OT
I made a milly off two O's

[Chorus: Eearz]
Can't ever forget, can't ever forget
Them haters remind me, to get back on my [?]
Where I come from niggas 'round here die 'bout that shit
Me and mine so fuck the other side, I am drippy
This shit that remind me, all the days I had less
Hatin' on me for what? you should go get a check
You gon' do what to who? better say it with your chest
We gon' come for your neck, I suggest you protect