[Intro: Teddy]
Why you wanna playa hate on me?
Oh baby
Oh yeah
Why you wanna playa hate on me?

[Verse 1: Yukmouth]
Nobody can help him, so welcome to the land of ski masses
We blasts-es and bust a couple of caps up in them weak asses
The dust that's bein' kicked up, and Yuk is down to lick up
Do a stick up at an armored truck pick up
Then get up, up out the scenery with greenery
Stopped up, watch up, sew the block up with creamery
The cream, I bling, got fiends on my team
Like Hakeem the dream and hoes swing on my ding-a-ling
Somethin' tremendous, they spend grip, endless trips to Macy's
They drape me, so playa haters hate me
I keep the safety off my four-fifth, hold it in focus
Fools didn't used to trip all on my dick when I was the brokest
But, notice I got a little mail now
'Cause everybody bump L-U-N-I-Z like hell now
You just a busta brown and blood you know
Chris spreadin' faulty rumors around the town like Club Nouveau
Really though?

[Chorus: Teddy]
Why you wanna playa hate on me?
Why you wanna playa hate on me?
(Why you playa hate on me?)
Why you wanna playa hate on me?
Why you wanna playa hate on me?

[Verse 2: Knumskull]
I gots to, keep my business to myself
'Cause haters talk mo' lip than get shot
To spread rumors when they loaded
Hatin' to get yo' grill exploded, quick, severed
The first thing I heard, I stole a credit card from Chris Webber
I never knew that, but who's that, and next?
I heard them ridin' around smokin' crack
In the back of my homie's Lex
It be them broke ass, no cash, busters tryin' to quote
That's why the Town got rid of $hort
I think you busta browns need to wise up
Before we ride up, stop, sew up yo' block and sew them lies up
Once, don't trip, twice, roll thick
Three times, I'll get you bucked with the nine
I thought the hatin' would stop, but the rumors are passin' still
Sounds like that busta that plugged mo' holes than mass appeal
You need to stop, hatin' on
The C-N-O-T-E, D-R-U, and the L-U-N-I-Z

[Chorus: Teddy]
Why you wanna playa hate on me?
(Why you play, playa hate on me?)
Why you wanna playa hate on me?
Why you wanna playa hate on me?
(Hate on me, yeah)
Why you wanna playa hate on me?

[Bridge: Teddy]
Break it down, oh yeah
For the Luniz and their homies
I am here to let you know
Got a thing for you, so Luniz [?]

[Verse 3: Yukmouth, Knumskull, and (Teddy)]
Let me tell yo' ass a story, yes
They just be hatin' to the fullest
But you can miss me with that B.S. that you stress
When you test the young Hugh Hef'
The tech spit up, chest get lit up, foo' that's a rig up
Now I think the whole world knows me
Not what they should know
It's like rap and sellin' crack is what I'm good for
Hangin' in the hood for so long
I see why they talk, bitches snitch and bustas home
(Can we talk, for a minute??)
Yo' broad want me up in it
I be there hand in hand [?]
Can it all be so simple
Like Wu-Tang, they spit true game
To get pootang from a nympho
Now I keep sayin', don't get mad because you can't bump me
But I'm still gonna spit it 'cause you still don't get it
If it ain't noted, don't quote it
Haters when it came to common sense, you ain't showed it
I don't understand!

[Chorus: Teddy]
Why you wanna playa hate on me?
(Playas gonna play, why you wanna hate?)
Why you wanna playa hate on me?
(Hate on me, yeah)
Why you wanna playa hate on me?
(Why you wanna play, playa hate on me)
Why you wanna playa hate on me?

Why you wanna playa hate on me?
Why you wanna playa hate on me?