[Big Steve] Ey, I got them bottles on Ice stay cold (stay cold)
So cold the bottle need a peacoat. She threw it at me, I call it free throw
If she bad then I'm on it gonna peep those
In the club get ya 6 up
Break it down roll it up in a swisher.
Goin HAM going crazy, drinks on me cause I'm trying to meet a nice young lady
Its the 6 in the building, hands in the air put them up and get them to the ceiling
Too much drinks so you know how I'm feeling
Bottles on Ice and too many women

[Hook] Girl, what what what you drankin?
You know this shit ain't water? Starting six on yo bitch
Trust we'll make yo girl go farther
I said…
[2x] Girl What you drinking? Be careful this ain't water
I said…
Girl!

[Rye Bread] Glass shaking! Knees wobbling! Tell the bartender bring another bottle in
We all drunk! Super geeked up. Whats your name baby girl you need to speak up?
This cup got me on, this blunt got me blown, this swisher's got me gone
Go HAM go crazy drinks on me cause I'm trying to meet a nice young lady
Matter fact need a freak 2 or 3 for the team. Bad bitches with the C.R.E.A.M!
Im about to get throttled, ice cold bottles, look at all these, women!

[Hook]

[Mann] Set it up, with bottles and models
Girl in my ear like, Mann, can I get a follow?
No, boo I only follow my homies on twitter
But you can follow me into that room if you are for that liquor
Starting Six and M-A dub turn me up
I got that juice you got that juice po' me a cup
Oh what? So now you don't know me enough?
Well after you get loose I bet you want me to fuck
Kick it with us cause all you need to know
Is that there's hella weed to smoke and that the drinks is cold
And I bet you don't go as hard as we could go
If you ain't tryina get drunk what you drinking for?
Huh?

[Hook] What what what you drankin?
You know this shit ain't water? Starting six on yo bitch
Trust we'll make yo girl go farther
People ask why the 6 so crazy?
Say, we go Ham go crazy
Drinks on me cause I'm trying to meet a nice young lady!

[Bobby Brackins] X4 Made another hit for the radio station