Refrain:
(At times) I feel outside myself
(And Sumtimez) I feel like no else
(At times) I feel like you won't help
Sum timez, those without DA vision get subtracted

(COO!)

Verse 1:
Ayo
The mood be congruent to the rudest dude doin it
So I'll never give it up, put two in it
Cuz heaven knows, hell knows
If you the heat, im the coolant
I been there and back, bent backs, in fact if
You iller than I, then son prove it
Cuz you dont want that smoke kid unless you toke it
Provoke it and get popped like Malcom at pulpit
I Bomb then its coastin, focused
Thinkin how to flip my flows then
Unroll another scroll then we tuck up the dro
Way Back when Joe drove a nine-deuce Volvo
I stick it to ya no homo
Im Slick like Rick the ruler, kid you more Frodo
Baggin all these checks like I ran a Nike promo
And those in glass homes shall not stone throw
NEGUS KNOW, me!
But you don’t understand, I’m talkin real negus, chyea
N E G U S, enemies be stress
When he unleash tecs these rappers gon see wrecks
Its just like titani- next? Ayo check it!
These lames can't manage the range that I bring
Flames escape the membrane as I ooze this propane
I break down to the grit but I'm far John Wayne
Distortion of my brain brings the end to dynasties
Still remain in meditation as Buddha is
My visceral lines be so vivid
Mos def, so nigga listen

Hook:
So much on my mind that I can't recline
Blastin holes in the night till she bled sunshine
Breathe in, Sumtimez you got 2 BREATHE in
And BREATHE out like the wind on autumn leaves
Ayo its difficult to believe that the weak talking, Its shockin
Let my Words kick like Jet Li and
We been blessed since our folks started breedin'
Cool as the air that fills your lungs in the evening
You see it!

Verse 2:
If I'm not the one then I'm the 2-3
Outta ya fuckin mind, how could ya not forsee ?
These pussy niggas all about the pinky, im all about the brain
Ill bring defeat to ya feet if you talkin out my name
... Understand me?
So you better Keep the pce like Nolte or you'll see
Bare witness to a massacre like at a murder at the church
Don't let the necessary occur, ya heard?
With two eyes behind head, negative friends blowin in the wind
You wants to run the track with him but paraplegic
I crash thru like Bandicoot or monsoon season
Im on two kid!
These squares ain't prime, they numbers all wrong
Thinkin its all calm but they in the eye of the storm
Them doors that opened had a different hum
So we tryna live goodfella, gotta love the stacks (kid!)
Higher than the holy spirit, my lines cast shadows
So called demons get capped, tipped off like cattle
All types of steez to make you grieve like casualties
In my city we don't even see serendipity
So its clear to see why we tote guns, huh?
Lose ya life if you don't Keep the peace like Buddhist tendencies
These words vibrate through the sevens seas
The frequencies be awkward that are coming from y'all
You snakes stay biting like Arbok
And you niggas all talk like, (well) all bark
I dream BIG so shots ring when i talk
The seasons open, no casino but you still better duck:

BLAOW!



Hook (2x):

So much on my mind that i can't recline
Blastin holes in the night till she bled sunshine
Breathe in, Sumtimez you got 2 BREATHE in
And BREATHE out like the wind on autumn leaves
Ayo its difficult to believe that the weak talking, Its shockin
So let my words kick like Jet Li and
We been blessed since our folks started breedin
Cool as the air that fills your lungs in the evening
You see it!