[Intro]: Let your feet stomp
Ride with the knights
Brag still to death
All ruin and wrack
Underground pumping, let your feet stomp
Make 'em see the light, and ride with the knights
Should I be bereft, or brag till my death?
Lyrical attack...
(One, two) [x4]
(Take off)


[Verse 1]: What you wanna do? You wanna get an education? Try to make it in the world and get some liberation? That's right, that's what we all want in the world where people claim they wanna be one nation
Some of the people you know taking the wrong road. You promised yourself you gonna be the best in the class. Well here's a little word to the wise...you already know? Well, you must be some wise-ass
It's true, though. How many people you know fell out behind when they starting from scratch? These dreams make this seems like fun to play in the grass when there are snakes in the patch.
In the "A" drinking coffee in a fancy cup? Or roaming the streets in gangs screaming "Ante Up"? Hitting clubs with females in packs? Or chasing them, depending on your Anarchy Axe?
They don't have a name, so they wanna spoil yours. Hope you're not quitting till what you want is all yours. You will be this Gotham's reckoning, sweat from your pores making them fall on all fours
Your cause, that's why you here breathing. You were made to gain some weight to your name in this jungle. For the copycat monkeys: till your spirit sways the trees, rumble, young one, rumble

[Hook]: Opportunities ain't knocking on your door. If you ain't making your
Move, then what do you stand for?
There's work to be done before you hit the sack. Keep doing what you do. No
Turning back. (x2)

[Verse 2]: What you wanna do? Try to destroy my name? Direct me to notoriety when heading for fame? I know, I seen it all before. The "stars" only come out in the darkest times, a damn shame.
I know people who changed on me. It's no Biggie. Blacks turning White for the Franks, turn to whites for the antidote of loyalty, so-called royalty, cocky behavior and a place of higher ranks.
So get this: you are not "immortally infected". We bleed the same blood so you get the same treatment. You wanna be red, you wanna be blue. But green? We all after that same pigment
So what you planning, boy? You in for working hard? Or sending certain shipments across the Atlantic? Are people failing to beat you down cuz you on top? Or is Daddy beating your ass, causing Mommy to panic over your injuries?
They never listen to wise words from B's and C's. So much for D's and E's. It's only A-holes they be French-kissing, so you better take that chance to put ignorance to its knees
I apologize to Momma for my choice before it even happens, cuz she wouldn't approve anyway. I know I messed up. I'm trying really hard, but you wouldn't survive under my thoughts any day
To all the people fighting in this war: you know we can't quit cuz we came looking for trouble. Shit, I see you're already pushing on. Stomp the jungle yard. Rumble, young one, rumble.


[Hook] (x2)

[Outro]: Underground pumping, let your feet stomp
Make 'em see the light, and ride with the knights
Should I be bereft, or brag till my death?
Lyrical attack, it's all ruin and wrack
(Come on)