[Intro]
Everybody!! all together now!
(this is the way bump your head
Bump your head, bump your head)
You can hear the ablibs in my head
(this is the way we bump your head!!)

[Verse 1]
Android typewrituh kills all psyche-
Delic takers, now dead out for brain cider
Wrote trees off my boots with pictures of L's
My shits harder to swallow with jagged.. little.. pills
Be up at night in cold sweats with insight
On how make bombs blow through the bomb spirit like
As my soul decays from life to life relays
I keep my flesh wrapped around my skeleton cage..
All you females ribs are like abortion cribs
Chick could reel hibiscus angelically morbid, how you call it!!
Pontius Pilate see the juice through your skins violet
Echoes of gun blast!!.. hybrids!!.. see me for who I really is
Kinda like some black shade shit from they lip
You get your ribs.. barbecued boneless..
Deeper than pentagon foundations can't tone this-
Shit down, pulling your FBI file
With flicks of toast stuck in your girls pink smile
If Edgar Allen battled Moses
You'd taste your last breath that's a puke burp, loath this
Need you to hate this, you can't take me alive, anxious
Watching your own shit, and never out rank this
Bank-less, I pull black blankets over sunny days
If I ain't happy we all feeling like Cage!!
My fate probably lies in some creamy white thighs
Puss taste like dust and she talk with her eyes!
Plus she living off the drippings of my semen
Tried to crawl up in a box, trapped in her chest cavity fiending-
For real oxygen, my wounds too deep for doctoring
Vomit grammar like that vodka when
I took the shit to Mesc' to avoid breasts
Smoke the dip to kill stress
If you can't hear the adlibs they in my head!
Sex this little rave chick with 34 piercings
Two bottles of K and her hair dryer made her flyer
Pushed her spirit through the mattress slashes crazy
My seeds procreate I ejaculate grown babies!!!
Speaking the paragraph leaking, to build up the peaking
Right before the detonation of the heat seeking!! BLAOW!!
Blaow!! (blaow, blaow!!)