[Hook: Cage, Camu Tao and Metro]
Cage: I got the wheel man, look who's in the driver seat
Camu Tao: Homeboy It's a car chase I'm blastin' my heat
Cage: Is that him?
Camu Tao: Has to be
Metro: Yo, who these crazy cops after me?

[Verse 1: Cage]
Left hand on the wheel while I'm aimin' sideways
Push the pistol to the limit every Friday
Push the pedal to the limit every highway
Push this little crime pan to put a kid in lime day
What the sign say? he doin' +30, Schoolly-
D on the CD, Fox pass the toolie

{Verse 2: Camu Tao]
Yo, this is a thugged out brain doin' thugged out thangs
A six shooter from the window with a snubbed out aim
Dog, I know we up in a chase, but look at those sluts!
You keep your eyes on the road I hit 'em with donuts
I'm lookin' for clips, we speed through the curb
I know we in some shit, we take two wheels on the turn

[Verse 3: Metro]
Rollin' through the fast lane, last name law
Bounty on my head 'cause I'm breakin' the law
No L's rollin' L's then I let my bitch take it
It's hard to make turns when I count 'em strip naked

[Hook: Cage, Camu Tao and Metro] x2
Cage: I got the wheel man, look who's in the driver seat
Camu Tao: Homeboy It's a car chase I'm blastin' my heat
Cage: Is that him?
Camu Tao: Has to be
Metro: Yo, who these crazy cops after me?

[Verse 4: Metro]
Ain't nothin' worse then droppin' ashes in your lap
Or being steamed rolled by a black Cadillac
Manslaughter, you can add that onto the record..
I'll probably add that one to the record..

{Verse 5: Camu Tao]
Switch gears, I sit here and blast the back windows
You want 'em, run 'em off of the road, give me some info
So I can take a clear shot right at his brain
Salvage the car in the dark and collect all the 'caine
He needs to be murdered! That's the only way we can be certain
He needs to be burnin' that's the only way he can be earnest

[Verse 6: Cage]
Bally shades, reflect the chase on the palisades
I'm tryna push this to the floor high off the bali haze
Pull the backseat down to get in the trunk
Then get in the pump, six slugs to shit in this punk
Gettin' it crunk, let the pedal slide off the ten
Shred his back tire so he can ride on his rims

[Hook: Cage, Camu Tao and Metro]
Cage: I got the wheel man, look who's in the driver seat
Camu Tao: Homeboy It's a car chase I'm blastin' my heat
Cage: Is that him?
Camu Tao: Has to be
Metro: Yo, who these crazy cops after me?
Cage: I got the wheel man, look who's in the driver seat
Camu Tao: Homeboy It's a car chase I'm blastin' my heat
Cage: Yeah that's that him!
Camu Tao: Had to be
Metro: Yo, why these crazy cops after me?

{Verse 6: Camu Tao]
Get a body bag for sure, this ho's gon' need it
Radio for black and whites, they hype for beatin'
Spaced out have a nigga racin' out of the station
'Cause it's murder in the first, send 'em packin' in a hearse
And this young punk don't have got chance on the earth
So ram his ass off the road and put 'em back in the dirt

[Verse 7: Cage]
'Bout to shit my pants my bladder is full
'Bout to piss on my self to splatter his skull
Swerve fast, pass the nerve gas wheelin'
Car door to door, bust through the back door hit the ceilin'
Smoked out, tires squealin' tanks a fountain-
From the bullet holes, I'm tryna push this bitch off the mountain

[Verse 8: Metro]
Bullet holes in my car kit, I love to start shit
Pullin' .45's out the glove compartment
Fuck 5-0 they can't stop me dog
The fish tellin' how they knocked me off road-

What the fuck- fuck
Yo! shit, oh!