(Yak)
It's that True City Killer
Yak the Ripper
It's that kid that has your peeps like he's nice
Naw, he's nasty
Just look at how he treats mics
I smoke weed like it's medicated
Get dead bent like my face was metal plated
Every move I make - premeditated
Live my life like a porn flick and keep it X-rated
Detach your legs misery style with an axe - you'll hop
Ya'll should have known my joint was off the meat rack
Sick as an infant - recently caught this relapse
I'm ill - please don't ask why I look strung out
Shut the fuck up before I cut your tongue out!
Yak Ballz from the Weathermen who'd you expect?
Drop a single like a guillotine blade to sever necks
It's all over the day Masai Bey hits cassette
It gets deep while most crews is shallow
The following don't stop like shadow (battle me)
That's like stepping the Cobra Commando with a 9 milli and no ammo
You'll get manhandled
I cause brothers to die
They see the other side then I cover the lies (I'm out)
Cop another disguise
Run up in your crib and bust a nut in your mother' eyes
She's like "Yak, you're the foulest"
That's when I introduced her to Alex

(Cage)
When the weakest of the food chain steps it up
You might come complete with a line of bullshit!
Witness legendary tales as opposed to clones
They like microscopic versions of Indiana Jones
Written Oxalá!
It's doom the temple of course
Going out like the last crusade against the source
You know my name like the blonde claim - try to clone it
What opponents?
I see kids I spit on last year still soakin'!
Open up domes in foreign lands with orange hands
Leave mics in the pits but know Cage mobs to expand
Got groupies like I play in a rockband
Oh well, don't try and suck me in the pop world yellin' my name on TRL
Six sucks!
Agree and scribe thoughts!
The insides of the courts!
Stenches!
Moms aborts!
Dead Siss!
The bliss!
I walk to Nazareth!
Castleless!
Slaughter my own people having this
Ketaset children built in!
Malignant milkin'!
Teenage love!
Restrict pill friend!
Smut Chancellor with vagina slippers for the floor
Show you and the slut you call wifey hardcore

(Yak)
We on the low like undercover D-knocks
Weathermen got ya'll niggas coppin' pleas for Detox

(Cage)
I spit how the Earth tastes
And pass forms out of place
Galvanize my face and kill for breathing space
Recycle the waste!
Like the paper that spent you
Look for cheat codes against rogues as Tenchu!
Butt through roads I bent you
With a picture crooked life
You are the tour reason corporate glory is suffice
Naw, you ain't nice
You like fake dice, caught by work release
Ice grillin' villains that's willin' to make a killin'
Peelin' metal fillin's
Like a Jux from God, spillin' your stomach linin'
With just a fistful of Hein' in
Burn off the lips that you evolved from!
I'm down to shoot Pop Funks because I can't kill what caused 'em

(Yak)
Check it, I'm the type of kid to fuck your head up with mind tricks
Give me a mic, I'll rock the shit 'til you unconscious
Those that find this dope already lost it!
Must be the way I hold fortress!
Spin planets in the cypher and control orbit
Up in my crib haunted!
Stem some genius ink room
Getting retarded like I had down syndrome
And still devise my plan perfectly
To ace all you fucks cause none of ya'll are serving me
Call me quick silver, I piss mercury
My circuitry is the illest
Craft a bomb and blow the motherfucking frame into tidbits
Tell 'em Yak Ballz schooled you - class dismissed