Test Test..

(CAGE)
You wanna kill me nigga?

All the way live, we bring to you to host the annual drowning
In Lake Michigan..

(CAGE)
I heard some blonde bitch walking through New York looking for Cage!
I'll stab you in the face, ten times in the same place
Waste your little infant, see you thinking different
When in the same building or on the street lift you off your feet
Won't chill then, microsibling to my cock
Dribbling, Scribbling verses
For the worthless, fuck a million purses
POP THUG! See if your doctor can remove the slug
I bug when I think, so simple
Jux you in the club
Something for ya entourage
Something for your body guards
History shows rappers dying in cars
They lost one in the West; we lost one in the East
Should I drown you in Lake Mich. or buck you in Miami Beach?

Chorus: Cage

The illest four-letter word in the world is Cage!
Ya better off fucking some cunt raw and gettin AIDS

Bitch the illest four letter word in the world is Cage!
Bitch the illest four letter word in the world is Cage!
Ya better off fucking some cunt raw and gettin AIDS

The Illest four letter word in the world is Cage!

(CAGE)
The illest four letter word in the world, supporter
Rhyme slaughter, the listener to death save the gun for the
Blonde Ambition, fell off the Christian wagon
Your systems saggin biting my shit and I'm laughing
I can freak simple shit and sell records but I don't
I write the illest shit that cause fans to enter bitin' zones
Keep your guards by your guard you showing cards on the low
See a man gotta deal, now y'all look just like Quo
All you schizophrenics need help with reality
Kill your two little personalities
Shook and slut getting salary
Observe gravity pullin ya in to earth gradually
You'll see you need a style I ain't create to try and battle me

Chorus

(CAGE)
Big electro shock if you can't understand
I wreck intellects slanted brains like Japan
My An-ger's like a gust of sick lust
Won't you come and injure us is what their brains scream thus
I've never contemplated while hallucinating
My existence aiding those with imaginations
And mental disorders pulsating
I'm trading
My lost love leak princess for interest and this other slut
That puffs bundles of dust
From bongs while she rocks a thong we get trommed
I keep touchin' her clit with salad tongs
Fucked her up against the intercom
So my nigga's down stairs can hear
Still buggin like an insect laying larva in ya ear
Chorus