[INTRO: Training Day sample]
Alonzo (Denzel Washington): Didn't know you liked to get wet, though
Hoyt (Ethan Hawke): What's "wet"?
Alonzo: Butt-naked. Ill. Sherm. Dust. PCP. Primos. P-Dog. That's what you had. That's what you were smoking, you couldn't taste it?

[VERSE 1: Tame One]

This is the result of living difficult
Think of some mentally sick adults
That'll flip and diss anything with a pulse
My brain is laced with some of the most basic hatred
So when I get wasted ain't nothing sacred
Take it as a threat when you see me with a jar dipping my cigarettes
With twisted intellect and using words that ain't invented yet
See what I'm saying, like comic book thought bubbles?
I've been in and out of jail for my multiple court troubles
Menace II Society II, staring me
With more chemicals up in me than your favorite pharmacy
It's obvious as high as I get I should be mindless
Behind this fetish for those formaldehyde sticks (Leak, leak, leak)
Mummy juice potions overdosing with the minerals
Causing me to triple-check subliminals
Dirty water wet your intellect for the effect of hearing voices
Affecting how you think when making choices

[HOOK: Cage]
I smell leak smoke left by the anonymous (Dust. PCP.)
I smell leak smoke left by the anonymous (Primo. P-Dog.)
I smell leak smoke left by the anonymous (Sherm. Ill.)
I smell leak smoke left by the anonymous (That's what you had. That's what you were smoking, you couldn't taste it?)

[VERSE 2: Cage]
Heard you were having a party today, I joined the army in May
Quit after my album dropped like Chris Farley on yay'
Phencyclidine writer in rain boots
Shoot if you ain't sane
Shoot if you ain't got no loot or fucking brain
Start screaming with an auto when I bottle megatron dip
Geeks hate Cage the bully role model
Mel Gibs with lethal, sell kids the sequel
The purple rain, say it ain't influenced people
Smell like a room full of sharpies with the caps off
Letting gats off in crowded streets, pack my bags and blast off
With Gucci envelopes eating (sushi/sue, she) send the dope in
Taking elevators to the chest to keep my lungs open
Sixth floor, I can't explain why my dick's sore
But dust, head, pussy; what other reasons you got a fist for?
You missed, bitch, give me my freaking leak back
The chubby Patrick Bateman and the notty headed sleestak

[HOOK: Cage]
I smell leak smoke left by the anonymous (Dust. PCP.)
I smell leak smoke left by the anonymous (Primo. P-Dog.)
I smell leak smoke left by the anonymous (Sherm. Ill.)
I smell leak smoke left by the anonymous (That's what you had. That's what you were smoking, you couldn't taste it?)

[VERSE 3: Tame One]
I'm on a high that I would never come down from
The outcome from leak juice makes me feel virtually beef-proof
Cigarettes dipped in something from autopsies
Wild'n in the streets 'til municipal courts stop me
With more red devil than Lee doing the whole car
The high from Friday that had Smokey taking his clothes off
On dirty Dutches black out for thirty months and twenty weekends
Living my life in a dream sequence
[Cage]
Laced out my face on a club with a sword
Me and Tame pop bottles and smell like the morgue
Absorb this English bitch a Parliament (Thanks!)
Got it funky, now she uptown looking for Harlemites
Getting robbed, every dip I light's inaugurated by a mob
Rap nine to five, hated by my job
Need a rich bitch that love dust and a man broke
And don't mind I only share secondhand smoke

[HOOK: Cage]
I smell leak smoke left by the anonymous (Dust. PCP.)
I smell leak smoke left by the anonymous (Primo. P-Dog.)
I smell leak smoke left by the anonymous (Sherm. Ill.)
I smell leak smoke left by the anonymous (That's what you had. That's what you were smoking, you couldn't taste it?)