[Verse 1]
Straight outta Orange County
Give a fuck how chain stores found me
This is choice, just so bitches and kids flock around me!
Fuck discussion, on the brink of bustin'
Disgusting, in the front of the club!
With bullets lookin' for suction
I count dough like enemies, even out the hood!
See Cage with two Uzis, my paper must be good!
Sucked the nuts through the head of my dick
Walk slanted, then got two new mayonnaise jars implanted
Haters scapegoats with no plugs, could be legendary
But, stay too broke, and a client cemetery
Newburgh!, shut it down
Middletown!, run it now
PK!, they comin' out
Kingston!, Queens running mouth!
Ain't shit in Sullivan but gambling and A.I.D.S
Only Monticello dogs runnin' shit is at the raceway
Your face spray out, two of these for the nine
Before there's Hells Winter there's Movies for the Blind

[Hook]
Middletown, New York, where I learned to walk and talk
All the biggest willys been killed or caught
You fuckin' with music you get no support
Even local athletes think hand to hands a sport!
I was raised on dirt weed and cheap liquor
Watch the same hand that shake mine peel off the sticker
The brand new album got hate more alive
Cause I shit on every MC in the 845

[Verse 2]
Must have been drugged in my sleep, by agents sent to edit
Woke up underground with machines they can't rep it
With a PCP method I smoke the dead's misery
Then rob the corpses to add insult to injury
My hand in the same evil that mark Middie
Never seen so many fuckin' sons in a dark city
I bark witty
Pity no soundtrack to bust cops
So I push the envelope like 90's dust spots
Street clean up, put you best team up
Y'all crack dealers trying to rock with no re-up
In a sedan, or coup, or truck, it's buck a Trooper
State or local like it's yesterday, fuck the future
Christ like anarchist, games evolve
Get it? you want a clip but I came revolved
Clips involved? I see 'em out then quick
This ain't fag music, but y'all suck my albums dick!

[Hook]
Middletown, New York, where I learned to walk and talk
All the biggest willys been killed or caught
You fuckin' with music you get no support
Even local athletes think hand to hands a sport!
I was raised on dirt weed and cheap liquor
Watch the same hand that shake mine peel off the sticker
The brand new album got hate more alive
Cause I shit on every MC in the 845

[Outro]
I'm sayin' man, 62 counties man, only 8 is being repped!
NYC got five, LI got 2.. Westchester county
That's 54 counties I'm holdin' down by myself
'n' I ain't shittin' on y'all I got love for y'all
If I dare y'all to come out, I dare y'all to make records
I got my money on misery!

Off the banks!

Camu Tao..