[Trailer: Cage]
Nighthawks!
A twisted look into the minds and careers of rogue under-covers
In the left arm of the law..
In a world of death and corruption
A terrorist name Wulfgar brings the city to its knees..
And the only hope for New York are a two P.D. gone bad
Deke DeSilva, and Matt Fox are... Nighthawks!!

[Camu Tao]
Lets.. feed 'em with death, put heat to they chest
Vice squad'll make your life hard, scheming for breath
10-80s make that shit shady.. make you stick babies..
Make you swell up with magnums nigga, and hit ladies!
You poppin' that shit dog, but that shit don't concern me
Because I smoke big weed with the district attorney!
So you can see me in the club!
Hungry, bogard, cigars in my mouth
Ordering coke, from the coast guard, punk
Whatever shit you claim I hit you with pepper-spray
Word trips make you catch a case, so watch all that shit you say!
Don't make me split your face, we are armed!
I'm all are charm, when this bullshits gone wrong!
It's like Above The Law, Steven Seagal easy to brawl
And it's all fun, easin' your bra, easin' your bra!
When it's all done, meet Cage get beat with chains
Mu'll hit you with a lock show you them streets is "Tame"

[Trailer: Cage]
Cover New York Times says:
Nighthawks is riveting!
The Washington Post says:
Nighthawks.. is a bad cop thrill ride for the entire family
Entertainment Weekly states:
A flat-out masterpiece!
Smith & Wesson say they want their guns back!
The Daily News warns Steven Seagal.. watch out, Nighthawks will whoop that ass!!

[Cage]
It's like I hate drug dealers but I love to chase drugs
Police boots out, it's futile, you taste slugs!
42 shots, go into one civilian, 32 cops die in two buildings
The Mark, I'm hearin it's for children!
Crime on the streets? It's me, 9 on the seats? It's me
High off the leaf, with three, dead hookers in the street!
Fuck catching terrorist, I'm smashin my therapist
Wife don't give a fuck she got my drugged on Merril Lynch!
Feds break down, and they moved the H down
And shake down, these fat fucks got they hands in my cake now!
Lookin for slices I'd rather hook the vices
To the engine block, turn the key? then look its priceless!
Trust, like my leg the first door it bust!
Precinct ain't whorin' us, put the word, coroners!
This city is dead, I only pity the feds
Miles off the coast floatin' gettin' Caribbean head!

[Trailer: Cage]
The Philadelphia Inquirer states:
There's no brotherly love in this one!
The L.A. Times says:
Nighthawks makes Colors look like Disney-land
And The Miami Herald raves:
DeSilva and Fox are the next best thing since our Crockett and Tubbs
The Tribunal says that if you like cops... you won't anymore

[Tame One]
Pitiful scum with power, illegal searches by the hour
Forensics can't trace this gun powder
Execution style corpses, found on porches
Upstate.. tied with jump ropes and duct tape
I beat you with a phone book, make you confess
You'll get burnt with cigarettes on the upper part of your chest
Raid without warrants and claim probable cause
Unstoppable laws, prove that these bottles is yours
I have the right to remain violent, protect and serve
Hit the evidence room for the TECs and the herb
I'm on a renegade squad with a code of not snitchin'
With off duty maneuvers cosigned by politicians
Billy club will hold city up after this
With authority to smash you riot act activists
Unaffected by petitions, the man in blue with the grammar too
Training Day plan part 2!

[Trailer: Cage]
The Chicago Tribune thinks Elliot Ness would've left the force for these boys!
The Boston Globe writes: Black and white cops as partners? not in this town
The Detroit Free Press labels Fox and DeSilva.. riot starters!
And the village boys? well.. they just pissed on the floor like a scared little puppy!