(Yo this thing's gonna be platinum, yo i'll do the whole video
Cage you going to doing some Vitamin B off some crackhead bitch, i'm gonna cop off dick aye, in front 300 fucking cops.. Hey RA)

[Cage]
You wanna shoot a video? bring a pistol to Blockbuster
Wanna step to Weathermen cause you all cocksuckers!
Want a soldier story? what's gold and gory?
Pullin' jewelry off some dead bitch in the crematory
Put twelve little faggots in the fuckin' dirt
Then claw out your little girls jaw
And ask her... who's bizarre?
I'm so underground I should seek production in China
Cut a dime in half I got 2 nicks and one vagina
Find a therapist that I can eat out soon
Cause I'm so homesick I miss mom's Fallopian tubes
My vision is still frame animation
Put a gun to a square - make him slice a mason
Pissin' adjacent got a dog for a agent
Studied virtue in the basement
While my doctor tried to keep his patience
Paint a portrait four minutes no rush while fools flock in a circle to dissect the brush

Chorus x2:
Half step - can't walk
Drunk slut - pants off
Fake jack - can't talk
This mic - hands off
New jacks - get taught
Weak shit - get caught
Your crew - shits off
Whack bitch - dick soft

[Copywrite]
Dr. strange will sop your range with a stinking bucket of piss
And cock block your brain if you think you're fucking with this
By Christ I've been summoned to spit
Son of a bitch up in your crib
Fucking your bitch with one of my fists
Pants saggin low hands smackin ho's
Get down with the Klan just to slit the grand dragon's throat
The way I see it everything on this damn earth is free
Murder beats and turn MC's to hamburger meat
First comin' of Copyright - thief of the mic
Creep like a thief in the night
Sneak in your crib leave with your wife
Repent for your recordings
When the engineer said your vocals were too hot
He meant they were distorted
Explain how your venom harms your prey
And you're hard to slay
When your dj's dressin' up in women's lingerie
For eons I infect y'all with agent orange
If you don't know the words to these verses
Don't even say the chorus...

Chorus x2:
Half step - can't walk
Drunk slut - pants off
Fake jack - can't talk
This mic - hands off
New jacks - get taught
Weak shit - get caught
Your crew - shits off
Whack bitch - dick soft

[Mr Eon of High and Mighty]
I stay unbreakable like David Dunn
The Philly native son
You Mr. Glass on mics, the jaded one
Check out this ill crew's onslaught
Your career is a Hot 97 afterthought
It's not my fault the asphalt and the past fought
Now who's that kid from Space Mountain?
Lookin like an accountant highly touted
Off and on again
Really hip-hop needs to take five like Donovan
I end my coke nights with bong hits and Klonopin
Send me the fuck back to Hahnemann please
Boy release e steez from the hospital for joint disease
See them weasels on Davinci's easel
With the Mona Lisa oil paintings
Shavings and scrapings collide with championship trophy engravings
Clouds rock from foul crowds to out of bounds
Y'all couldn't see my ass if I was in hospital gowns

Chorus x2:
Half step - can't walk
Drunk slut - pants off
Fake jack - can't talk
This mic - hands off
New jacks - get taught
Weak shit - get caught
Your crew - shits off
Wack bitch - dick soft