[Verse 1: Rittz]
I’m a lover gotta hand it to her
She was by my side when I had a 9 to 5
Ever since I blew up
I’ve been all around the world, ain't no girl I’ve ever seen can hold a candle to her
She be on my Instagram viewing my comments
Trippin’ on females, I holla, “It’d be hell without her.”
Tear my heart out
Now my bodies like an empty seashell, I’m hollow
Both dread tomorrow
I’ve gotta leave for tour and I ain’t gonna be home for months
We both ??
But she’s scared that I’m gonna find a girl on the road that I want a little more than her
But that couldn’t be more absurd
We get drunk and have a war of words and wake up in the mornin’ and make up
The more I’m away from it, the more it hurts
But she still can’t ignore the girls and all the comments written
Told her, “Its not even a competition.”
But if we switched our positions I could see where she’s coming from and comprehend it
Hopin’ God’ll listen
Please let her know I love and miss her
While I’m laying here praying in the bed ???
Ain’t no girl in the world that ????
So please let me know that...

[Hook]

Let me love you as you are (I love you)
Let me love you as you ??
The crude drink of the heart
The crude drink of the heart

[Verse 2: Rittz]
She say she need to loose weight
I tell her that I think she looks great
She put fake eyelashes on
But without them her eyes could be mesmerized
She want to exercise tell me she ??? in good shape
She looks straight in my eyes tryna’ see if I’m lyin’ or sayin’ what I think she wants to hear
The truth is I love her with no makeup
Wish I had a paintbrush
Natural beauty’s rare
She’s not the girl with the pearl ?? ring in the portrait
Funny cause she’s gorgeous too
Even when she’s asleep
But she snores, it’s cute
I wake up in the morning and enjoy the view
Sometimes she gets insecure, envious of the girls on the TV set
Asking me trick questions like, “If you had a chance would you ever leave me for them?”
And I just keep pretending like I didn’t hear what she asked
But if you wanna know what I would do
We’re two peas in a pod
I could have any female alive, that’s a really hard one to choose
I’m just playin’
The only girl I want is you
We could laugh all day ‘bout something stupid
We can finish each other’s sentences
When we spend a minute a part, it’s hard to do
There’s nothing not to prove and it’s the honest truth that (I love you)

[Hook]