[Intro: Rittz]
Yeah... They don't really want it with us. Yeah... Yeah... Yeah...

[Verse 1: Rittz]
Shit my flow's aggressive
I've been told that it's so impressive
Might have heard me on a smoking session
Sounding nasally but mainly cause my nose was messed up
I been out in California snorting blow with Ke$ha
There's no one fresher
But no one ever compliments me
So many dope white boys out now I'm chopped liver
But if you want Rittz then this is what I'll give you
The C-N-T and me, I brought the rest of the South with us
The smell of my outfit it's so loud on the cloud thickest
So I don't got not time to pay attention to gossipers
Slumerican the clique if they ain't with us they not winners
Monstrous platinum murdering you are an eye witness
Run for cover thought I was bluffing, now die bitches
Your five fingers only thing the Troopers done found
The rest of your body dumped in the Chattahoochee to drown
You fucked around and shit so don't be trying to punk me it's gon' be a bloody-

[Hook] x2
MURDAH!
You step to Rittz up in this bitch; it's about to be a bloody-
MURDAH!
On any record, any second, it could be a bloody-
MURDAH!
Give me a reason: leave them leaking, got them screaming bloody-
MURDAH!
Johnny Valiant in this bitch!

[Verse 2: Rittz]
Whack rappers be thinking they doper then they are
I should have a deal, I supposed to been a star
I rather watch an episode of Khloé & Lamar
Than have to listen to you spit a bar this shit is garbage
Get a thesaurus or a rhyming diction-
-ary every verse I heard you laying is terrible
That bullshit'll never get no play on my stereo
You don't want to challenge me cause if anything I'll embarrass you, bitch
Red do and I'm daring you I don't care if you buzzing online it doesn't make a difference to me, nah
Many trending MC's, before I let 'em beat me I will put a pistol to my head pull the trigger and squeeze
Before I buy a pair of skinnier jeans
A nightmare, I don't fight fair, can you put an end to your dreams
Keep sleeping on me and pretending I'm weak
I'm takin' over, guarantee that when you see me there gonna be a bloody-

[Hook] x2

[Verse 3: Rittz]
107.9 in Atlanta told em better play my record cause if not I'm bout to murder your staff
Guess I'm headed to the peoples station
Great strippers waiting, with his gun he told me put down the gat
I looked down and laughed and smashed I'm like fuck it I'm gone
My manager calling me pissed, "what the fuck have you done?"
I told him: "I been representing for Atlanta since the 90's showing love, so why the fuck nobody showing me none?"
I'm sick of holding my tongue, while so many come and go
And nobody try to put me in the spotlight yet
A ton of rappers like me been grinding for years trying to make a rep for this north-side shit
So before I quit I'm going to go on a killing spree
And murder anybody trying to say they ain't feeling me
Or any whack artist trying to say they as ill as me rappers biting wanna Milli Vanilli me bout to really be a-

[Hook] x2