(Hook)
Ya runnin but ya can’t hide
Strugglin tryna stay alive
People plottin on ya gravesite
So watch out for the snake eyes
They so cold blooded (2x)
Yeah..

(Verse 1)
I done met all types of people
Good and evil
Been amongst all walks of life
Some that you be perceive to be decent
Will soon deceive you
Cus who they really are inside
Ain’t who you thought they were
At the bar we worked at was full of skeletons in the closet door
I knew a couple named Steve and Rose who’ve been known to slow base
Let me start the story off with her
She was an alcoholic, but so was he
Socially they were both popular
So in love, it was rare to see him and her not there
Words can’t explain how shocked I was
And then when Steve walked in with his blood shot eyes
Cryin, I could tell that he’d been up all night
Told us that Rose had overdosed commited suicide
And the woman that he loved just died.  Not Rose!
People sittin at the bar froze
Made a toast to him, may she rest in peace
With his head in his chest, Steve wept with grief
He got drunk, went to get some sleep
It’s sick cus after he left rumors started to fly
Someone said Lady he’s sketchy Steve, been seen numerous times
With another girl he screwed on the side
Now all of sudden she was dead it seemed little odd (odd)
Was it crocodile tears he was cryin? Was it all a façade?
She could drink, was it really a bottle of pills and some vodka that caused her demise?
A lot of the guys started callin him a murderer
And I ain’t really tryin to accuse him but
He was kissin on his new girlfriend at the bar same night of my funeral
Cus she’s so cold blooded

(Hook)
Ya runnin but ya can’t hide
Strugglin tryna stay alive
People plottin on ya gravesite
So watch out for the snake eyes
They so cold blooded (2x)

(Bridge)
The ones that you trust are the ones in disguise
Thought you was loved but then gonna find out your despised
Snakes that were hiding they strike
They so cold blooded..

(Verse 2)
I knew a couple named Ike and Linda
Same bar, different story
Let me think where should I begin?
I wish this was a fiction piece
But I witnessed this shit time and time again
Ya see, Ike was the quiet type who shot darts with his best friend Mark
But he liked a pinch
Of cocaine and raw but none of us woulda thought his life would come
To a violent end
Until one day the bar got silent then
You could hear pin drop the minute that Lyn walked in
Cryin, cus she said Ike died someone tied him up and then they set him on fire, damn!
They found his body right inside of the complex
Whoever did it must’ve had an accomplice
But the cops just said it was drug deal gone bad
Tried to blame it on the drug problems
What I found bizarre was
They found an empty gas can in the storage compartment
That had Lyn’s palm prints
But it was her and Ike’s place so
It wasn’t enough to implicate her involvement
Case unsolved and two weeks later it would raise an eyebrow
But they burying him
Everybody at the bar found out that Ike’s friend Mark got married to Lyn
Cold blooded bitch!

(Hook)
Ya runnin but ya can’t hide
Strugglin tryna stay alive
People plottin on ya gravesite
So watch out for the snake eyes
They so cold blooded (2x)

(Bridge)
The ones that you trust are the ones in disguise
Thought you was loved but then gonna find out your despised
Snakes that were hiding they strike
They so cold blooded..