[Verse 1]
Shit, it’s 4:44 and I'm talking on my money phone
I’ve been stuntin’ on ‘em all summer long
Your money gone, sweeter than some Honeycomb
Gettin’ money long till you’re freaking phone bill
Go on, cut it on
Got some real homeboys, never done me wrong
You could meet us at the top then if not, well
You can fuck off and run along
People flip on you like a somersault, doin’ cartwheels
Pourin’ top-shelf liquor in my cocktail
The CLI-N-TEL Crew comin' like the cartel
Double-timing, but that’s how I feel
Better stay up in your lane
Get in mine, hit the guardrail
Trynna work, but the cards dealt
And still flex on ‘em like I’m doing curls with a barbell
Traffic in and out my house like it’s a yard sale
I be in the crib with a blonde bombshell
Livin’ like a kingpin, did it with the inkpen
Shit I’m sayin’ make sense when it sink in
I’m distinctive, pinky ring pimp
Spittin’ shit that you think spin in distinction
Like the horn of a rhino, or elephant tusk
Soarin’ through the sky like a pelican does
Snort a bunch of white, when I’m feelin’ the buzz
You sayin' you supported, I can tell you're jealous of us
But that’s cool with me 'cause my fanbase thick
You're wounded again, make the band-aid stick
It’s a movement, you can shit the campaign, bitch
Light the fuse and I’m lit like a lampshade is
Every verse, I’m going on one of my rampages
Let the champagne fizz
I can show you how to get paid
But they just went and stole my template
Trynna copy me but they could never be this caliente, bitch

[Hook]
Time for me to bring the hardcore back
Got ‘em feeling like déjà vu
Anyone’ll get it when I’m on a warpath
And anybody in my way, I’m movin’
Then I snuck in when I seen the door crack
Then I made a new lane, make room
Little girl shit
They be on that dork rap (Swag)
Bunch of lame ass dudes
They don’t never spit no real shit
They be on that dork rap (I’m Lit)
How the fuck do you support that? (Yeah)
Thinkin’ that you killin’?
What I’m hearin’ is beyond whack (Sizzle)
It’s like the industry done gone mad
And I don't ever feel shit, every single song’s bad (Fire)
Where the fuck they find these boys at?
I be on that real shit, y’all be on that dork rap (Swag)
How the fuck could you support that?
Suck my dick!

[Verse 2]
Shit, I was gonna ease up
People complainin’ it’s hard to keep up
I’m like a lion inside of a herd of zebras
What, I gotta dumb it down now
'Cause everyone else sounds
Like a down south rapper with a lean buzz?
Shit, I’m like a volcano, I’m bout to erupt
Bunch of A-List rappers get a D-Plus
You say I need to go?
Please, I was better than ‘em way before the goatee
All I had was peach fuzz
Lots of refer stickin’ out my Nautica trunks
I was young and makin’ all my money from drugs
Rollin’ all my dollars, every one is a straw
I never listened to my momma
Told me “Johnny, be good.”
Finally made it as a rapper, never thought that I would
If I knew then what I know, I’d have slowed-down
Finished school, got a degree
'Czuse it was shocking to see
This rap game is like a comedy club
But you the one that’s on stage gettin’ laughed at
Puttin’ dye up in your braids, wearin’ man bags
Guess you need a place you can put your Tampax
Thinkin’ that you’re hard
With your tattooed tears and your hand tats
I ain’t hatin’ on the kids
Know a bunch of young dudes that’ll never get caught trynna flop that
One-track wonders, said they got racks comin’
All of a sudden, they got nothin’
'Cause they fucked ‘em on they contract, bitch

[Hook]
Time for me to bring the hardcore back
Got ‘em feeling like déjà vu
Anyone’ll get it when I’m on a warpath
And anybody in my way, I’m movin’
Then I snuck in when I seen the door crack
Then I made a new lane, make room
Little girl shit
They be on that dork rap (Swag)
Bunch of lame ass dudes
They don’t never spit no real shit
They be on that dork rap (I’m Lit)
How the fuck do you support that? (Yeah)
Thinkin’ that you killin’?
What I’m hearin’ is beyond whack (Sizzle)
It’s like the industry done gone mad
And I don't ever feel shit, every single song’s bad (Fire)
Where the fuck they find these boys at?
I be on that real shit, y’all be on that dork rap (Swag)
How the fuck could you support that?
Suck my dick!

[Verse 3]
This is how y’all rap:
"I be dressed up in tie-dye
Got some old-school Vans on my feet
Bout’ to go for a bike ride
Got home, ordered crab rangoons and some fried rice
Tofu for my vegan friends
They spit bars, they don’t look like they rap though
My girl’s trynna be a creep again
All up in my phone, but she don’t know the passcode
I had it bad, yo
Almost didn’t finish college
I finally got a doctorate
I coulda been a brain surgeon
Fuck that! Imma do hip-hop instead!
Everything wavy like a waterbed
Spendin’ all my cash that my father lent
Ballin’ out hard on my father’s bread
Go and do shows for the college kids
And jump up and down on every song like "Jump Around"
But I ain’t never heard of Everlast
Take water bottles and I sling ‘em at the crowd when I rap
You can see ‘em gettin’ wetter (swag)
Got a itch on my neck from my sweater tag
Double-XL on the freshman class
Say the word ‘Lit’ twenty times a day
And I say the word ‘Litty’ twenty times when I text you back
Sippin’ green tea out a liquor flask
Sold-out shows, ain’t no tickets left
Hella fresh, small-ass t-shirt
Something that a middle school kid would have
Everything that I wish I had, I got now
Gettin’ mad love when the boy’s back in town
Beside’s Drake, I'm the GOAT, people love my accent
I’m just glad Dork Rap’s a style

[Talking]
Hold up dude!
Did you hear what I fuckin’ just said!?
Did you hear all those bars!?
Holy shit, it’s so fuckin’ lit!
Dog! Dude, this shit’s litty!
Aight, let’s go to Whole Foods
Peace