[Hook: Rittz]
Ain't no turnin' back for me, I traveled way too far
Told 'em I was born to be a star (I'm a star)
Shinin' on the line and wastin' time inside the jar
With a SupaHot beat bangin' in my car (In my car)
Ridin' 85 like I might not live to see tomorrow
If I die today, I could say I gave my all (Gave my all)
Wilin' in my face behind my back they pray I fall
But I finally found a way to shake 'em off (Shake 'em off)
I paid the cost

[Verse 1: Rittz]
I ain't hard to find if I ain't touring I'm around the A
You could  hear me comin' from a mile away
Bass beatin' in a Challenger, my caliber
It's kind of hard to calibrate my attitude
Like I should of been a member of the House of Pain
Long hair like a young Diamond Dallas Page
If you don't like me, then blame Strange Music
They're the ones who came and let the lion out it's cage
And all the homies that I used to  have around me shaped
When there were cloudy days, and I was countin' change
They finally came back around when they figured I was 'bout to break
And gave me pounds with a smiley face but shit
If they could, they'd push me off a mountain range like in the movie script
Makin' me lose respect so fuck them
Bout to set my hometown ablaze
"Dad aren't you proud..." I said, "...at the amounts I made?"
He said, "That's great, Johnny
Did you save money? That ain't played money. You should get a 401K, dummy
Cause ya daughter's gonna be a day-comer when ya cake crumble
You ain't sayin' nothing. You done been around the grey country almost twenty times
But you take from her. Nothing's comin'." everyday drunk
And I said, "Let me say something. You ain't got no faith in me
I'm about to shape up." I had an awakening a breakthrough
I done did my best to make due
In this rap game and everyday is like April
Fool's, nobody do what they say cause they ain't true
Sweeter than apples and grapefruit
So I'm battin' like Babe Ruth
I done found an escape route
I failed seventh grade and eighth too
But now, I got a clothing line and my own flave' of vape juice
It's White Heyzeus, SupaHotBeats let the bass loose
Let's go

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Rittz]
Look, how many features do I gotta do?
How many people do I got to prove wrong?
Sayin' I'm not the best, tryna argue who's better
But ain't nobody this consistent, it gets me sick
When they compare me to these Dr. Seuss rappers
And they can't even tell the difference
To them it's just fast rap, but me, I put my heart to use
And every verse I pen, I spend hours
No wonder why I be cursin' when I'm readin' these articles
About who's got bars and who's got the squad
That blew their business on their units. I'd have moved
On an independent budget with a major deal
My homie Slick, he told me to keep it playa  chill
He know I lost a couple marbles, screws
Ain't too tight if you were me, and I ain't gonna call a truce
I ain't deaf, I could make a list of kids
Who listen to me and bit my shit and all approve
Well so be it, But don't be as dumb by thinkin' I'ma let it go without exposing it
It's no thing and by the way, this whole rap game's fake
I ain't got no friends but my associates
Low key It's all a big popularity contest
Fuck the cool kids, they got a superiority complex
And fuck they girlfriends too
Tell em bye and leave 'em cryin' like they spilled Hawaiian Punch on they prom dresses
It's RIttz Bitch!
[Hook]