[Damn, I’m feeling so good right now. I’m chilling. You want to smoke? ]
I don’t need much , take a puff of the wax pen
We in Colorado Springs, the dispensary was hooking up the gift bags
I’m relaxin, that Gorilla Glue dropped the bomb on me like The Gap Band
Uh, poppin xannies like they candy cuz if not then I’m a mad man
Takin shots on top of it, I'm talking then
Sounding like a mumble rapper with a fake down south accent
Chief Jinks on my side, keep his eyes on my back like a dash cam
Any feature will get lit up like a matchstick
They be covering their face and ducking like they gonna do a dab dance
Yeah, I’m fat with some fast hands
Drunk vision like a camera with a cracked lens
Take a fat bitch, fuck her from the ass end
Bed-bath-pussy smelling like a big mouth bass fish… just playing
Class clown, never got to throw my cap as a graduate
First period, we laughing on acid
Half of the class didn’t pass on they math quiz
Glad that this rap shit happened
Haven’t adapted to acting, having to ass kiss
Fuck no, you could blow me like you play the trombone
Let em choke on my dick like it’s a gag gift
Rappers coming up to me like what the price tag is on a feature?
Shit, I could do it for the three I guess
Just send the cheese and the beat, I bet
The second that I send it back they gon rewrite theirs
To me it ain’t quite fair, but so be it
We ain’t in the same weight class
Fuck it, they already paid cash
I’m high, eating Five Guy’s fries
Five guys, be the same amount of rappers that it take to make a Drake track
I’m a drake fan
Look, I done came to grips with the fact that my favorite rappers quit
And I had to take a pick, is it Drake, is it J. Cole or Kendrick?
Kendrick got the win
I’m just wishing  Eminem, Scarface, Outkast, Jiggaman would have warned us this would be the end
These other guys they don’t keep me intrigued, influenced and inspired
The same cadences on every record, the same BPM
But I’d rather listen to country than EDM
Up in the charger with the
Yo, Gotti is dope
Money is close
Under your nose
Runnin' we both
Gotta go
Having you blow
Money, we ballin like we globe
Trottin and no
Body can go
Copy the rope
But if they don't
Got it you need to go get a ghost-writer
And don’t, plot on me homie
You gon end up with your nose, bloody
Now go, study the greats
Get the Goonie Mob’s Soul Food studying the thought process
All I hear is a blood nonsense, rappers speaking third person
And said they got a god complex
Whatchu, Juan Valdez? You a character?
Loch Ness, daddy long legs getting caught up in my cobwebs
Shot up in my conquest, not even a contest
Get your whole squad jacked, watch how much you broadcast...
I’m-not, the-kind, to-turn-a-blind, eye-to-why
I’m the underdog who never gets the credit I deserve
They try to hold me back on purpose people scared of what I did already
Time-after-time, labels-sign, dime a dozen artists
You could argue who the hardest but regardless every album that I drop is critically acclaimed
And people say I’m legendary
I know, I know, tell me something I don’t
I’m a headliner, homie, I’m no side show
Might go in front of me and I throw spirals
Shining like a Michael in a jacket made of rhinestones
My go, my go, I ain’t scared to climb no, mountain
I done came this far and did it with a blind fold
I’m so ice cold, on the mic
Just dropped, Tiger Wood’s mugshot, I go viral
I'm no Myro, White Gold chain with a snake and bat logo
See the diamonds, hit the high note
Hoping Tech N9ne know I try to do my best to represent what he created and
Appreciate the shine shown
We the artist, CNT, it’s a movement
It started out with the homies wrapping in the gutter
Strange Music introduced me to world
Number 2 if you’re talkin bout numbers, motherfucker
It’s Rittz, Bitch
Outro:
[ Rittz: I’m sick, bitch. For real, I’m sick
Woman: What’s wrong, baby?
Rittz: I’m not feeling so well
Woman: You want me to get you anything? Any food? Want me to get you a drink or something?
Rittz: You know what would really make me feel good right now?
Woman: What?
Rittz: Make me feel a lot better
Woman: What would make you happy, baby?
Rittz: If you suck my dick
Woman: Fuck you… ]