E

I don't know what it is but I'm feeling better. A lot better than yesterday a lot better than last year, but right now right here is what I cherish the most sincere
I might not have more money I might not have more clothes. But your presence in this present moment matters more than all of my stories go

I'm not jus saying this to make you go 'aw'. I'm letting you know how great u are and u put me in deep awe. The connection runs deep and I don't know what for...

So much connection mind blown
So much common ground let it flow
I don't want wanna let it go, You really make my mind blow...cheesy? Yh I know, Mysterious girl with a sense of humour, you growing on me in my mind you're my favourite tumour...

I'm limited to the true revelations of what my mind can absorb, but it won't grow with your silence I need u to withdraw, I'm too intrigued to not know you anymore

Back and forth all the way from 4 till 4, we scratch the surface and get in to it more...
I talk excessive you don't get bored you be extra like the double X's in my name Imma' kiss you so good twice that you'll feel it in your core

Except you know the non existent Standard expectations
Have you waiting on me all impatient, Always allowing a lot of new Room around the zone, everybody gotta leave us alone don't holla the phone, put that shit on airplane mode

Who'd even
Understand the true Journey live, Hustle, Survive solo. Maintain as Unknown, step out of line you know I won't condone
Catch no L I'm full well of the true spell that your aura has me under the opposite of hell. Fall back to earth an angel came my way, not use to oxygen on earth but she's the thief that caught me the perfect day

All glass window with a garden of exotic animals outside, I'll follow your lead you can stay on my side, we can see the world but they don't know us, acres of land too easy to fly across or we can jump on the tour bus

My passion for you is stronger than my fashion I'm dashin from my past there's not much to look back in, I'm flexing on your exes, tell em to ghost n stop indirecting n texting cos it be stressing, while I'm here tryna be impressing my diamonds dancing while my garments be romancing toss my salad like I'm dressing...

I just want your vibes, I wanna dissect your mind, hope you don't mind I'm gonna stop. stare and admire you for the whole night...
Don't be afraid of the future let's present the past right
Got you in my sight, I don't wanna fight, but fight me all u want I'll retaliate with tender care attention to detail and sight

Fallen angel I need you in my life, been through hell and back but she's down to earth when her heads in the sky. She needs some closure and focus, God knows so do I ... you lead the way I'll follow thru. My intentions are sincere, clear and true

Cos I know when that FaceTime ring... it could mean one thousand things.. I'll keep u up and you'll blame me for whatever, I'll accept it and we tease each other, girl you're my best friend homie when can I make you my lover no one has ever come above ya Keep it undercover whatever since I met you my life seems so better ...