RAP GENIUS NOTE: We suggest you first read this script on becausetheinter.net for the full authentic experience. This page is a tool for further exploration after the initial reading


Sdfg-FGSD: CODE: 12.10.13SIXTY
NOTE TO READER: The prelude to this screenplay ("clapping for the wrong reasons") is available on the website youtube for free consumption. It may or may not give CONTEXT TO this work you're reading

SECOND NOTE TO READER: The visuals have no sound. They are meant to be played while the song is playing

[VISUAL]

You can't live your life on a bus...

EXT. CHURCH PARKING LOT - DAY

A white bus opens its door and a flood of children run off laughing and screaming. After the initial burst, three girls get off laughing. After them, A
LITTLE BOY steps off. He's walking slow and somber

All the parents in the parking lot are hugging and kissing their kids. Lots of kids are laughing. The Boy keeps walking until he reaches a black limousine parked at the far end

A chauffeur (old heavyset white guy) stands holding the door open waiting for The Boy

       CHAUFFEUR: Ey! Look who it is

He holds out his hand for a high-five. The kid jumps, hi-fives him, and slides into the limo

The Boy's FATHER (Rick Ross) is sitting by the far door. The limo starts off

The Boy and his father sit in silence for what feels like 8 hours

       FATHER: How was camp?

The Boy "shrugs"

       FATHER (CONT'D): You make any friends?

       THE BOY: No

The father laughs under his breath...but the laugh turns into a smh

       FATHER: Elise made you something special tonight

       THE BOY: Frito pie

       FATHER: I don't know. She didn't say-

       THE BOY (cutting him off): It's Frito pie

Silence. Father stares at him, then looks out the window

EXT. MANSION - DAY

The Chauffeur helps Father out the car. The Boy jumps out and walks toward the front of his home. The Mansion is dope. Very Big, and not gaudy. It looks classic

INT. MANSION - DAY

An infinity pool lines the horizon in the backyard. A spiral staircase fades up the wall and into the master bedroom upstairs. You can see all of this from the foyer, which has a large Buddha statue in the center of it. The place is very clean. Someone seems to care or is paid to care

The Father's phone rings:

       FATHER: Hello

       PHONE VOICE: Hello, this is the Califax collection-

Father hangs up. His cell phone goes off

The Boy walks into the kitchen. It's a big kitchen. There's a chef making food. He waves to The Boy. The Boy throws up a deuce. He gets a s'more Pop tart, then walks back out

INT. BOY'S ROOM - DAY

The Boy walks in and drops his backpack and jacket in the doorway. He kicks off his shoes. They fly across the room, hit the wall, and fall in a pile of shoes on the ground. We see there's a big black/brown stain on the wall where The Boy's been kicking shoes for years. Doesn't look like he ever wears the same shoe twice

The Boy rips the bag of pop tarts open with his mouth as he sits at his desk and opens his laptop. There's a picture of a woman holding a child. She's wearing one of those fly tracksuits from 1995. The ones people wore a lot during the centennial Olympics

He starts checking his mail. His friend "FAM" sent him something that says "this is you" with a link. The Boy clicks the link and a video of a woman blowing a horse comes up. The Boy watches the video for longer than you should watch a horse blowing video. He closes the video

He goes onto HOTNEWHIPHOP.COM. There's a new Rich Homie Quan song out. It's listed as "VERY HOTTTTTTT". The Boy looks in the comment section, reading what people are saying

"This nigga sound like a broke-ass Future! [CRYING EMOJI]" is the top comment

The Boy stares. Then types "fuck u niggers" in the comments

He waits. He takes a bite out of his pop tart

He refreshes the page. People immediately respond with "Fuck U", "You wouldn't say that to my face faggot", and "LMFAO crackers b crazy"

The Boy smiles