[Intro: Riz MC]
Can you do me a favour bruv?
Could you get the beat up in my headphones please?
Yep, get it up a bit more please, in my headphones
Yeah,  wicked, alright, listen, okay

[Verse 1: Riz MC]
Listen up, listen Glov, kids and up, give us love
Sick cause ya, click a buzz, in the light, yeah bruv
Whether in cinemas or in the club spittin' fast
In my element like -- in a skinhead bar
Riz is not the type of spitter, to write a bit of shit about the bitches, ice and glitter
I find it limiting, I'd rather print the bigger picture
Them bars are boring like they only pouring pints of bitter
Yes, I'm an actor but I'm realer than most
Won battles and had the best choke, put fear in they throats
Songs banned cause the lines are so bold
I drop science and flow, so the album's called Microscope
And it's rougher than the road to Guantanamo
Switch like bricks on the latch that go from alcohol to powder nose
Sniff up her lips, on the prowl for coke, but the dealer was shifty, sold him a load of panadol
Rappers so fashion school, look like Timmy Mallet do
Mallet you, push your pineapple till you Agadoo
Battle you, serve you red rub, why? (Ha!)
Cause you be layin' backwards as Malibu
Shit's ruthless like Trishner's abusers
Manners are ill -- banks are too rich
Troops dig deep in the Middle East, bruisin' for crude, lootin' black gold for blue chips
But are you, as thin as a toothpick? Through two bricks and a few ticks, gets a few years
We werent blinded by knobs like the -- resign, but hoes a bonus when the dude quits
I got views, make political music, money and gun rappers are sayin' what Fox News is
Get money and buy shit, anybody who tries it should die
Why are rappers so right-wing?
Food for thought, do you avoid diet?
I'm on the Wu-Tang tour so chew on my four tyres
People confuse me for Rooney, no lie
Think I'm the star from 3, but I mean 4 lions

[Verse 2: Childish Gambino]
Uh, girls text me after shows, I wanna call 'em all
Got some goons to hold my money, must be ballin' hard
Had a tour, I broke my foot, I had to brawl it off
"I ain't heard nothin' yet, man, Gambino must've fallen off."
Nah, never that, dawg, run it back
Back to chillin' on Memorial and Harrison
Mama, no more Arizona Jeans, that shit's embarrasin', I got a Truffaut jacket and me and my brother sharin' it
Anythin' they hand us, minivans and bandannas
That Wickes voucher stuntin', I think 'bout my cousin
Every time I spit an ill verse, like that time we talked about which Power Ranger that we'd kill first, that shit was so funny man, that shit was no money
Pyjamas and oatmeal, way you livin' is so real
Need a Nobel prize, for them coke deals, I thought co-tell, right?
Them boys you been fuckin' with, now they busy beefin' cause they see you on some other shit? Not to mention the government
I ain't trynna see you on the first 48
Wonder if God hears when an atheist prays
I don't know what to say, man that better change quick
Women love to spit, love women who swallow you
Makin' me, I won't woo when they mention your album
I don't know what I should tell them: That we royalty? That they spoil me?
Pretty girls on the grass with some champagne, all I do is win and make Azealia's last name
Is -- gonna go and make his own lane? Man, I hope so, shit is so cut throat
Brought a knife to a gun show, brought a gun to a bear fight
Grizzly bear screams in my hair when I say "night."
Cause I don't wanna make moves that they all regret, I just wanna make something that they all respect
Go on, let 'em know woo