[Verse 1- Childish Gambino]

Please text me, text me, and emoji me
Text me, just want emoji, just so I can see what you thinking
I don't know what you thinking
I texted you like five hours ago and I don't know what you thinking
Do you hate me? Do you love me? Do you think I'm stupid?
Are you saying we should be together; we should move in together?
Or should you say you have my babies?
And be my baby mama, I fell in love with you to be my baby mama
From a like a day and a half
I needed you when I asked
I'm grabbing you after class
We dancing together, we used to go out like every single Friday
Kissing you in your mouth, we make out in the hallway
I'm so in love with you
I think about you every day I'm so in love with you
Ain't no one above you
Ain't nobody telling me I'm acting like I'm feeling
When I'm freestlying out my mouth, and I don't know what to say
Every time I see your face, I don't know what to say
A lot of girls in the audience think I'm talking about Jhene
I don't think about (?)
Get it together my head, I'm doing what I'm doing
Screwing up from the top, man I'd like to make you mine

[Hook]

But, you're so far away
So far away
No no
And I'd wish you'd come back, come back, come back (x2)

[Verse 2- Steve G. Lover]
I be looking with a flashlight
Especially if cute with her ass right
I met her at the Drexel, spread it like a pretzel
You know Steve is the best though
Move it like I normally do
My crew, we so sick like we all had the Flu
That's swine, you know I be taking my time
I love a young lady and she (?) too fine
With a hat to the front that's cool, or glasses
You know me, I skip classes
But I'm still high, like high school
Still so fly, like flight school
I'm a young jet, plus a young vet
A nigga young (?) he go New York Nets
Royalty forever

[Hook]
Every time I see you girl, you're so far away

[Verse 3- Childish Gambino]

Bring it down for a second
Just bring it down a second
Bring it down for a second
Bring it down for a second
Talk about the movies that we hate
I used to kiss you and be like 'Pete's sake'
For Pete's sake, I got that money in my wallet like a fucking Philly cheese steak
I got a million and a half
They used to tell me I wouldn't get a million and a half
But you knew me back when I ain't have enough to ride the subway
Now you call me all day saying like 'why you saying that them girls or them girls'
I though we supposed to get married when we both turned thirty
And when you said that, that shit really kinda hurt me
Because, I made that promise. I broke that promise
I'm tryna get back, but that's behind us
But now I wanna see exactly where you going, or where you coming
Your boyfriend telling you that you be jamming

You're so far away
If you hold my hand, we can be together forever
But you don't wanna say that no more
You just wanna say I'm on tour
So now I'm sitting here on the floor
Because you're so far away

Yo, ayo but fuck that, you told me not to call you all the time
And now you mad I'm your mind and I'm on your mouth motherfucker, my god
Gonna kick that shit, pop that pop
Gonna get down till that drop
(?) bitch
You gonna talk that? Talk that? Talk that shit behind my back?
(?)
Told me that I'm not that but I'm on that, and I rock shit
(?)
But they know me here, walking around with your hands in the air

So. Far. Away. (x2)
I'm so far away