[Produced by T.H.C]

[Intro: Childish Gambino & Kent Jamz]
(Perfect!)
(Rollin', slidin')

[Verse 1: Kent Jamz]
I lose a bad bitch everyday, I lose a bad bitch everyday
All my bitches [need me], I love codiene, kush and cartier
Bitch, my jeans worth your life, who you gon' fuck with after me?
I need money, revenge
Nigga, my 8's from '93
I love black girls, I rob white bitches!
I love black girls, I rob white bitches!
Ferg put em in the dirt
Fuck a bitch, kick her to the curb, tell her it ain't workin'
Leave a bitch hurt
Make an LA bitch turn gay, these bitches ain't worth it
Tryna be perfect, Matte black, '95, 'Maro swervin' (Perfect!)
In the matte black, '95, 'Maro, 1 on 1, swervin' (Rollin', slidin)
In the matte black, '95, 'Maro, when i'm-swervin'
(Perfect!)
Matte black, '95, 'Maro, 1 on 1, swervin'

[Verse 2: Childish Gambino]
Real shit for you fake niggas
Young Bino, you late nigga
Bad bitch and my face in her
It's 3:30, that's a late dinner, gotta eat better
Thought salad, don't need feta, got white cheese
Run up on me, he might squeeze
And i'll Red October your white tee like "damn nigga!"
"Why you goin' so ham nigga?", that's real shit
Crowd lookin' like Freaknik
Ok, Warped Tour, but it's still more than your club nigga
All my shows are like way bigger, Eli Manning
Count me out but I still win
If that's not Atlanta man what is? y'all know it
Deepest blue is that chronic nigga, I blow it
She turn around, she stick it out, K.O. it
You know already, I'm with the shits
S&M, I got chains and whips
You take a bitch, I'm like "Bruh"
I lose a bad bitch everyday, I lose a bad bitch everyday
All my bitches Pellegrino, Basic bitches Perrier
Bitch my wall worth your life, who you gon' fuck with after me?
I need money and revenge, nigga my drink from '53
I love black girls, a few white bitches
I love black girls, a few white bitches
Bino put em in the dirt
Fuck a bitch, kick her to curb, tell her it ain't workin'
Leave a bitch hurt
Make a GA bitch turn gay, these niggas ain't worth it
Tryna be perfect, old white, '95 Chevy Chase swervin' (Perfect!)
In the old white, '95 Chevy Chase swervin' (Rollin', slidin')
Old white, '95 Chevy Chase swervin' (Perfect!)
In the old white, '95 Chevy Chase swervin'