[Verse 1: Childish Gambino]
They used to think that I was dumber and dumber
I use to give a rubber, I'm from Australia like 5 Seconds of Summer
These niggas know what I be doing I run with, I run it
Niggas act like they stunting, niggas know that I'm stunning
I hip hop with that OK
Niggas know that I don't play
Niggas know that I come through
Niggas they be like "fuck you!"
Fuck you, I'm like "fuck me?"
Fuck ya girl, fuck ya bitch
Fuck ya girl, hold my dick
All I do is run that shit
Ah la la la I oh
I still get that dough
These nigga know, know, know, these niggas don't even know?
(They don't know) what?
I be surfing off the Gold Coast
Looking like the popo, niggas like a goal post
Making so much green, niggas calling me the [?]
And all I do is sing
I got this million dollar bet, Steven, speak out the name

[Verse 2: Steve G. Lover]
These bitches love me to death
You know that we fresh, I can't do culture, can't stop my ass
These niggas mad at [?] with all my [?]
These niggas know that we mean, royalty be the team
Smokin' that hella green, spending a lot of cream
Spending a lot of green on bitches with these green eyes
You that I'm a dream guy, a dream girl
[?] me in dream car, dream house, dream money, dream sleep
Nah, I don't sleep never
My weed light like a fuckin' feather
And Sydney I know I had to
Come with my own shit, your shit don't smoke
I'm sorry, I'm keepin' it real
You know me I feel like I be doing what I do for deals
Royalty the shit put your hands up
If you that Gambino is the shit, put your hands up

[Verse 3: Childish Gambino]
You niggas think that I'mma ride
All I do is do it inside, keep it inside
I'm the best rapper, definitely top 5
If these other rappers think they boy they fuckin' not alive
I cut their head off, that's every rapper living
That's Kendrick, that's Drake, that's Schoolboy, that's everyone
I don't give a fuck, I'll fucking kill you niggas (I'll fucking kill you niggas)
These niggas think I'm bigger, uh
God damn, motherfucker, I'm ill
All I do is freestyle, take a fuckin' pill
'Cuz you about to be sick, nigga I'm so sick
I came in your girls face, she don't know what got hit
She gotta close her eyes, she gotta close her eyes
"Donald Glover, why you cum in my eye?"
I'm like "sorry boo, I gotta come up inside"
"And if you wanna feel that [?] kick in your thighs"