At this point, The Boy’s perception of time slows down immensely

D2: (frantically) WHO DID YOU CALL?!

The Boy looks at Dude 2, not at him though.  He can see inside of him.  He sees his soul, all of his fear and confusion swirling around violently inside of him

TB: (nonchalantly) you’ve had my phone

D2: It must be other dealers, who did you piss off!!!!???

The Boy stops looking through Dude 2 and feels something he can’t describe; we call this feeling “urgency”

TB: What did you call me?

D2: What are you talking about, man?

The Boy’s heart starts beating rapidly

TB: You just said it again…

D2: I just called you “man”

TB: I’m not

D2: I mean…sure you are, how old are you?

TB: 30

D2: Alright, what’s your name in case we don’t make it out alive?

TB: (no-face emoji)

D2: I’m Brian! What’s your fucking name?!

TB: I’m not man.… I don’t have a name

Brian starts looking through The Boy, he starts seeing something he can’t believe

Brian: I can see you…. you’re sitting on a bus

The Boy (sitting on a couch with his legs crossed) feels his heart rate slow and closes his eyes.  When he opens them, he is back on the bus

TB: Destiny

Brian: Huh?

TB: Getting off of this bus is my destiny

He suddenly stands up, starts walking towards the door, feeling less childish with each step

The Boy gets to the door, slowly turns the handle and opens it but before he walks out, he stops and turns to see a petrified Brian

TB: Can I have my phone back?

Brian: Y-you su-su-sure man?

TB: (snatches the phone like a man) It’s Donald

Donald walks out and feels himself getting off of the bus. Two guys get into a truck and speed off; one of them shouts something at Dude 1’s dead body about fucking the wrong nigga’s bitch. They don’t notice Donald standing outside texting

Donald to Naomi: meet me at the mansion, I’ll make ossobuco and we can talk

Naomi to Donald: Making dinner for me huh? Tryna be my man or something?

Donald to Naomi: Maybe (winking face emoji)

Donald notices he left his coat inside but sees a red hoodie in the street.  He throws it on and starts skipping jubilantly to the mansion

Freaks and Geeks starts playing, credits roll