[Verse 1]
Childish Gambino, yeah, my voice is annoying
So I don't talk, I let the streets talk for me
Yeah, these girls crazy, half got children
I hate their ex-boyfriends, call 'em Scott Pilgrim
I'm fucking girls I really shouldn't be fucking with
But if we get caught, we just hand it off to our publicists
Plus, I hang with some of their ex boyfriends
What can I say? I make bad choices
Culdesac dropped, day one, five figures
Fish fry, nigga, fry mine bigger
Still unsigned, fans saying "What's the hold out
When every show you've ever done's been sold out?"
I always wondered what this hollywood would do to me
"Who's that rapping—Yo, it's Troy from Community!"
"Fuck that man, dude, you lyin’ like a Muh'fuck!
Besides, the beat's real good, but the lyrics suck."
Well I made the beat too, yeah, soak it in
I'm a phenom, nigga, where the fuck you been?
People say that I should be more humble
And I hope they understand that they don't listen when you mumble
And it only takes a lie to make a dynasty crumble
That why I catch feelings and these other dudes fumble
I'm not playing, this music's something that I care about
I take your shit to the streets, watch me air it out
Get the check, deposit the shit at Maxfield
Feeling myself, I don't even need an ex-pill
"I wish he'd do a funny rap, like SNL did."
If I don't take myself serious, who the fuck else will?
And to the critics with reviews that were more than sour
Is it strange having jobs I can do tomorrow?
You bitches don't like shit, and it's kinda sad
I like food, sex, clothes, watching Breaking Bad
I’m something that these cool kids never really had
That's why these nerdy kids come find me on the internet
I wanna be different, I wanna do it good
Not another actor-turn-rapper in movies 'bout the hood
Niggas say they want the real, but get mad when they hear the truth
Please forgive them, father, for they're not knowing what they do
I make this music so these younger dudes don't have to choose
Trying to hate me means you really hate you

[Hook]
Life goes fast and I'm holding on tight
I let things go when I'm holding this mic
And it's six in the morn', I've been writing all night
If I keep on going, I'm hoping I might be
Untouchable, untouchable, untouchable

[Verse 2]
My dad called saying, "Son, are you okay?
I just listened to ‘The Last’ on your mixtape."
Dad, I'm fine, you just need to understand
When I'm rapping on a track, that's exactly who I am
And all my smart friends saying, "I really liked your album, dude
But you could be the next Mos Def if you wanted to."
Dear friends, I respect your responses
But my life is a dream, so I rap unconscious
I'm sorry guys, I hope I didn't let you down
I rap what I know, I hope the fans will work it out
Not conceited, but sick of trying to lay low
No drugs, I'm just tryna tell 'Ye "yo.”
Online dudes shouting out that they better than me
I'm doing three other jobs, bitch, you better be
Cause if you're trying really hard, that's embarrassing
I won't stop until I'm fucking running everything
The more I rap, the more I'm harder to follow
I get a text from Questlove, I gotta call ‘em tomorrow
Coming harder than other dudes, it's harder to swallow
That I'm blowing up; 13 Mission: Apollo
Fuck niggas who doubted me, eat your words, it's a feast
I used to hear "Nah's" all the time like Kelis
Fuck the old Donald Glover, yeah, I'm glad he's deceased
Cause that sad weak being's been replaced with a beast

[Hook]
Life goes fast and I'm holding on tight
I let things go when I'm holding this mic
And it's six in the morn', I've been writing all night
If I keep on going, I'm hoping I might be
Untouchable, untouchable, untouchable