[Hook]
Young, rich, fly, and famous
Champagne like every night we're wasted
So put your glass in the air
The man of the year's right here
Cause I'm young, rich, fly, and famous
I could spoil you, and them girls you came with
Cause I like to party
We like to party
Tonight is on me

[Verse 1: CyHi The Prynce]
Paid a K for the Ace of Spades
All we got is bandz, Labor Day parade
Shawty quit acting, I don't play charades
This Armani suit I got from Barney's, is tailor made
Girl you look delicious, Flavor Flav
Picnic in the parking lot we got so many paper plates
And everything is German engineered
Girl let me put some David Yurmans in your ear
Sauvignon Blanc
Got a chick screaming at me like "Daddy I'm drunk"
But tell the valet pull the Caddy up front
Got bitches on deck like a patio, probably cause I'm..

[Hook]

[Verse 2: CyHi The Prynce]
I don't like to say I'm rich, I like to say I'm blessed
Some say I'm fly, the others say I'm fresh
She say, "What kind of jeans are those?" I told her "Bitch, guess"
She said "True Religion?" I said "Nah bitch, Guess"
And the shirt is Rick Owens
Tip-toeing through the club enjoying
All the perks that she get from getting on
Margiela peacoat when it's snowin'
Designer furs on a ? spurt
You deserve Hermes when you fine as her
So tell your home girl she need to find her purse
Last call for alcohol, so it's time to skiirt

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Childish Gambino]
Y’all was missing the picture: thinking it’s entertainment
When you made it, you failed, hoping I’d never make it
I got money in the bank, tell me what’chu think?
They only made 8 of these, boo, be careful what you drink
Ahhh! Got my mom and Paul Williams on my coastline
Now everybody in the fam need a cosign
Muchos gras’n, Royal my whole posse
Hunned stack, running back, man, these niggas can’t stop me
Not a job interview. Why you talk so Anglo?
Chain on my neck, why you’re boys so Django?
“The D is silent.” My D is violent
Been away for a minute, can we please remind ‘em?
Whoa

[Hook]