[Hook]
All I ever wanted was, I don't want a lot
All I ever wanted was a shot that I never got
All I ever needed, no one ever cared
All I ever wanted was, someone take me outta here

[Verse 1: Monoxide]
All I ever wanted was for me to be a myth
Hidden from the land of the bliss
I'm constantly dissed and pissed off
My mind frame's shackled to the floor
And I can't move even a little (Bitch)
All I ever wanted was a noose to hang from
And then I'll show all of you bitches, where I came from
The Carnival is comin', you can see it in my eyes
Screamin' at the top of my lungs, "I wanna die!"
You couldn't see it wit' ya glasses on
Without a witness, doin' dirt all by my lonely and then I'm gone
All I ever wanted was to flip the script
You pull the gat on me, and I'mma break both your arms, bitch
Eastside represented by the killas
Drug dealers, (put ya hands up if ya feel us)
And I don't give a fuck about you bitches spreadin' hate
(Why?) Cause most of you hoes'll be dead in 28

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Shaggy 2 Dope]
All I ever wanted, lemme kick back and reminisce
Only a few things I can think of on my list
A new meat cleaver wit' a edge like a razor
And a windpipe connected to a hater (Ha!)
It's all I ever wanted, I ain't askin' for much
A handle with an axe on the end of my clutch
And then swing it down with all that I got
Into the ground and crack the planet in half, CHOP!
Hatchet riders and juggalos come wit' us
We finna blow the other side the fuck up
Douse that bitch wit' gas, gimme the matches
I got somethin' for all they asses
Listen to 'em now, pleadin' for they life
Talkin' 'bout they were wrong and always knew we were right
Light the Mol-E-Tov, Aaaah!, BLAOW!
All we ever wanted starts happenin' now!

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Violent J]
All I ever wanted was a chance to shine
I wasn't askin for much, I just wanted mine
I don't even have a clue what went wrong
I just knew I wouldn't let the shit slide for long
Tell me somethin' who the fuck you laughin' at?
What the fuck you thinkin' don't you see this bat?
Tell me what the hell is stoppin' me from crackin' your dome
From smackin' your dome till it ooze like foam?
All I ever wanted was an eye for an eye
I'mma taste your soul when I swallow it live
Turn around wasn't lookin' diggin' in your locker
As soon as you looked up WHACK! that's when I gotcha
CRACK! SMACK! kept rack it again
Kept thumpin' his skull til it finally caved in
It looked like spaghetti in a broken bowl
I guess I lost control, it's all I ever wanted though

[Hook]

[Verse 4: Jamie Madrox]
All I ever wanted was to scare you to death
Choke your fuckin' neck until your ass is outta breath
All I ever wanted was to hear you scream
You know it's hard to sleep when you're controlled by your dreams
The man in the mirror knows that vanity's a must
But will he understand and become like one of us?
Paintin' up his face, not givin' a fuck
Grabbin' his nuts and expectin' bad luck
All I ever wanted was a brand new axe
Strictly for the purpose of choppin' and splittin' backs
All I ever wanted was to watch you bleed
For the cause of the underground in which I believe
I'm a maniac, yeah, but you don't understand
My axe keeps swingin' like blades on ceiling fans
I could show you everything but you can't see
That all I ever wanted to be was just me

[Hook]