(Today we'll be talking about the recording artists The Insane Clown Posse)
(They look too spooky) Dickface (It kinda reminds me of gang related)
(Before the anti-christ who is comming)

[Verse 1:  Violent J]
Remember me bitch, 8th grade
Oak Park, skinny ass welfare aid
Utsler and Bruce brothers, we was the shit
Dungeons & Dragons, and Bruce Lee flicks
Quit school, nobody missed us
Nobody hugged and kissed us, only dissed us
And now look at these beautiful model type high class women
Taking my dick in 'em
You don't remember my kind in class
The wigged-out freak staring at your ass
Never had the courage to even say hi
Only smell your perfume vapors when you walk by
I'm the scrub that never crossed your mind
Now your flashing your titties at me waiting in line
And that's fine while you're working your charm
Look beneath the paint bitch, its the scrubs who won

*People murmuring*

[Verse 2:  2 Dope]
You used to say, "Ah ha, look at him!"
The same pair of pants and that shirt again
An outcast, I knew I had to do something
Figure out a way to make something out of nothing
Open up shop, got what you need
Speakers, clothes, CDs, or bags of weed
But that shit got me nowhere except jail
Me and all my homies too broke to make the bail
So now we're right back to the place where we started
Chuckles and laughs, the second we turn our backs
Assed out, but we was like, "Fuck ya'll!"
We got each other at the drop of a homie call
Look at us now bitch, hold my platinum
All on my dick but I'm the same as back then
Forget the money and fame because
Beneath the paint life's just like it always was

*People murmuring*

Look at me!
Analyze! What you see?
Look at me!
Analyze! What you see?

[Verse 3:  Violent J]
Another girl I don't dare to confide
Playing that role, it hurts inside
Here I am thinking she wants me
She only wants that killer on her CD
Just when I couldn't feel any worse
Bitch asked me if I could paint my face first
The day I finally get to leave this land
Behind the paint will be the shell of a used up man

[Outro]
Behind the paint will be the shell of a used up man
The shell of a used up man
The shell of a used up man
Behind the paint will be the shell of a used up man (Analyze!)
The shell of a used up man
The shell of a used up man
Nothing left but the shell of a used up man
Nothing left but the shell of a used up man
Behind the paint will be the shell of a used up man (Analyze!)
The shell of a used up man
The shell of a used up man