[Intro]
"This is a Channel 7 news brief, because the news is happening now."

"Hello, Mort Perkins reporting. Our top story tonight, police and
Investigators are still trying to figure out how and why somebody
Stole 4 dead bodies from the Wayne County morgue late Monday night
Police say the apparent body theif entered through the basement
Window, but how he eluded the security and alarm system is still a
Mystery. But what we at Channel 7 are wondering, what kind of sick
Fuck would steal 4 dead bodies, anyway? Details at 11."

[Verse 1: Violent J]
Dead bodies, dead bodies all over the street
Fifty-five, sixty-five bodies at least
I hang with the stiffs 'til the break of dawn
I'm always finding bodies when I'm mowing the lawn
Drag em in the house, throw em in the oven
Wicked clown lovin' that dead body grubbin'
Tastes like chicken finger lickin' deep fried
I ate a dead body, but don't tell, I lied

I just ate my first dead body last week
Still gots a finger nail caught in my teeth
Before you start yelling and cursing my name
Remember something's wrong with my brain, insane
Second I was born, doctor threw me 'gainst the wall
Kicked open the doors and he whipped me down the hall
I'm sliding and I'm bouncing off shit like a hockey puck
And my mother's like "What the fuck?!"

He said I was born of an alien race
Born with a hatchet and a juggalo face
But I'm not a martian, you wouldn't understand
I'm just the dead body man

[Bridge: Hawker (Shaggy 2 Dope)]
"We got bodies, dead bodies
We got fat ones, skinny ones
Males, females, hermaphrodites
We got somebodies, we got nobodies
Bodies, bodies, bodies, woo!"

[Verse 2: Violent J]
Dead bodies, dead bodies in the back of my van
All the little kiddies love the dead body man
I drive through my neighborhood ringing my bell
Some people run 'cause they don't like the smell
Others line up just as quick as they can
To try and catch a glimpse of the dead body man
It's all good, if you can stand the funk, but, uh...
Just don't look in the trunk

I drive down Central kicking the bass
Chillin' with my freaks and I'm picking her face
Maggots and bugs like to crawl on her head
'Cause my bitch is dead, I'd rather that instead
Than a ho you can't trust, always diggin' a nut
A dead body bitch learn to keep her mouth shut
Riding in the back is my dead body crew
Only they can never think of nothing to do

If you think I'm sick take a look at yourself
You got dead deer heads up on your shelf
On your key chain is a little baby rabbit's hand
I'm just the dead body man

[Bridge: Hawker (Shaddy 2 Dope)]
"We also collect dead bodies
So, if you know any dead people
Or you yourself are planning on dying soon
We'll be happy to come to your house
And pay cash for it
We appreciate good healthy stiff
For our dinner
Woohoo!"

[Chorus: Violent J]
Call me the dead body man (some one give em to me)
Call me the dead body man (just sell em to me)
Call me the dead body man (you can mail em to me)
Call me the dead body man (burnt? bring em to me)
Call me the dead body man (won't ya give em to me)
Call me the dead body man (you can sell em to me)
Call me the dead body man (just mail em to me)
Call me the dead body man (burnt? bring em to me)
Call me the dead body man (you can give em to me)
Call me the dead body man (you can sell em to me)
Call me the dead body man (won't ya mail em to me)
Call me the dead body man (you can bring em to me)
Call me the dead body man, call me the dead body man