[Intro]
“I- I prayed… I don’t know what I really prayed. I- I didn’t know a lot about any of that I was more focusing on… The… personal connection was me, it was just so beautiful and it was… it was really emotional; my tears were like a joy of peace if felt like this big, huge load that lifted off my shoulders like a wave. And I was real happy, I was crying but I was crying because I was so happy.”

[Verse 1: Shaggy 2 Dope]
I believe there’s magic in pyramids
Stonehenge, crop circles and black eyed kids
Ghosts? I’ve seen about 10 myself
You could attribute it all to my mental health
But I don’t want to fear death and I don’t want to fear hell
I want to sleep at night, knowing my soul is well
I’m not an Atheist, I believe in the magic
This career I believe God let me have it
I found my missing link and I’m shining
Others still trying the hill they climbing
I know my soul is content and free
How can I have worry when I hold the key?
How could I not see the planets glow?
Wild life grows and rivers flow
Whatever was missing before, it ain’t missing now
And it hit me like POW!

[Hook]
All of my life
I’ve been searching for the light
I’m out of the night I’m out of the dark
I’m into the light far from where we are
I’m finally found
(I came out of the dark now I'm into the light)
I'll be alright
(I came out of the dark now I'm into the light)
I'll be just fine

[Verse 2: Violent J]
I slipped right up out of that quick sand
Knocked out a dragon with my quick hand
I found my link and I damn sure locked it in
It ain’t ever getting dropped again
So lift that darkness off my eyes
So much color burst through the skies
86 shades and a purple sunrise
I’m safe kid I tell no lies
Night ain’t scary when you don’t fear death
And you can’t suffocate when you don’t need breath
I’m chilling so hard the fire can’t fade me
Cause I’m good with the one who made me
I never not want to be good with God
And let the devil come and pull your card
Everything that was missing it ain’t missing now
And it hit me like POW!

[Hook]


“And I can tell you one thing. There was a peace that came over me like I had never known. I had searched for that peace, I had searched for it in bottles, alcohol, I searched for it in needles, I searched for it in drugs, I searched for with women, I searched for it in all types of places but there was no peace in my life. But once I accepted my savior I was no longer afraid. ”