[Intro:]
Kill him... Kill him... Put him to death!
[2x]

[Verse 1:]
Guess who's back in this bitch again?
Wit a fresh set of balls bouncin off ya chin
I'm 2 Dope... Switch my shit up? Nope!
For these hands to grope hoes and bitches, ho
Now everybody thinks they shit's the wickedest
Them hoes spittin wicked shit is ridiculous
Back off jack off, y'all ain't spooky
Bitin my CD's like they're delicious cookies!
From Sicily, France, back to Bangladesh
Ain't no fuckin body bout to hang wit this
Fans get punched in the head wit a bass drum
Rhyme after rhyme, head-buttin ya face some
Fuck off disk jock, spin my nuts
Y'all be suckin more dick than sluts
I'm crackin this city in half wit the scrubness
Fuck the Fuck off, now who finna bump this?

[Hook:]
This shit ain't for pussy heads (So fuck off!)
This ain't for you rookie kids (Fuck the fuck off!)
Carny creatures carve your head out (So fuck off!)
This the shit that brings the dead out (Fuck the fuck off!)
[2x]

[Verse 2:]
I don't need a fuckin band for my beats
Mike Clark and me both bootin ya cheeks
The stage, the mic, and the Juggalo Army
Hoes climb up and try to grind on me
Any dumb freak tryna steal my stage
Gets punched in the ass and kicked in the face!
Fuck your dress code, I swing my balls!
Fuck your restroom, I'm pissin on walls!
Security's lookin like weak ass wrestlers
Pattin kids down like child molesters
I'm sick of this bullshit, I'm Shaggz the Clown
We cuttin craniums off, then drag 'em around
You know me, when I drive by, muffler sparks
In the yellow bus packed full of retards
And we off the charts, under the radar
Deep in the dumps where the real Juggalos are

[Hook:]
This shit ain't for pussy heads (So fuck off!)
This ain't for you rookie kids (Fuck the fuck off!)
Carny creatures carve your head out (So fuck off!)
This the shit that brings the dead out (Fuck the fuck off!)
[2x]

Can we get a witness?
[6x]

[Verse 3:]
Diss my shit and get shot in the back
You ain't gonna be the first bitch I smack
The clown walk boogie, I mastered the move
Cuttin through rookies wit some'n to prove
On who? Us? Me?
Shit please, lick these!
You're a shaggamaniac, ya can't ignore me
And tell ya mom to fuck the fuck off for me!
Fuckin these hoes, they tryna take pictures
Of a southwest strangla, windpipe tangla
I'm gone too fast with a ninja poof
Skeet on ya face is the only proof
"Fuck off," that's what I tell the earth
I been runnin wit the hatchet from the day of my birth
So who the fuck you think you fuckin wit
You can fuck the fuckin fuck off bitch!

[Hook:]
This shit ain't for pussy heads (So fuck off!)
This ain't for you rookie kids (Fuck the fuck off!)
Carny creatures carve your head out (So fuck off!)
This the shit that brings the dead out (Fuck the fuck off!)
[4x]