[Verse 1: Violent J]
I got in my home and I ran in my room
I cut off the lights and the pressure consumed me
Wet is my face from the tears in my eyes
I can taste them they're salty my life I despise
No matter how often I'm beat down and shocking
Tears falling upon a shotgun I'm cocking
Alone in the corner sitting on the floor
My feelings hurt so bad they dead to the core
Pitch black as my room disrupted by the glow
Red 665 on the clock radio
Illuminating the shadows sprawled out on the wall
The scariest imagery I've ever saw
I symbol up anger as strong as a tornado
Of toxic pollution is rocking my cradle
And shocking is the impact of his fist
It woke me up to the simple fact that I'm pissed

[Chorus]
It's Fury
Fight back! fight back!
Fight back! fight back!
With fury

[Verse 2: Violent J]
Fuck all that forgiving the other bitch
Bitch I will murder your mother bitch
I store your head in the cupboard bitch
Fuck all that dying and crying and whining and I want revenge I don't die bitch
Murder Go Round you gon ride bitch
Fuck on that bitch suicide bitch
Bitch I got you to die (fight back!)
No more complaining 9 milli burst
Blood will be raining follow the hearse
Hulk up a giant too far they pushed me
Now farther I am a strong bull, no pussy
Swung a machete tip of the skull
Split down the middle your fitted and all
Wicked as the clown boom bang and pow shot
Huh! Ahh! Argh!

[Interlude: Violent J]
Hey son you're facing heavy retaliation
Napalm its on
Hey son you're facing heavy retaliation
Napalm its on

[Verse 3: Shaggy 2 Dope]
I'm sucker punching and suckers I'm punching
Squeezing cocksuckers you'll bones I'll be crunching
He would have fed through a tube when he's lunchin'
Cause everything neck up could no longer function
Still I tortured to the death in my dungeon
Dumped him in they alley at Verner and junction
The corpse laid their rotten became hella pungent
And perfect for flipping his friends to be munchin'
How long can you hate me until we see fire
Beat me til we see my patience expire
How long do you think you can treat me like shit til' you screw up
And I screw your head off your neck
How far do you think that elastic can stretch til' I'm shooting your head through my basketball net
It slaps on the pavement all fleshly and wet
Until I run up and punt that load of shit

[Chorus]
It's Fury
Fight back! fight back!
Fight back! fight back!
With fury

[Verse 4: Shaggy 2 Dope]
Bitch I done ran out of tears bitch
Fury that spawned out of fears bitch
I'll stab a screwdriver deep in your ear til' I know that you hear me and fear me and clearly
Slap me my paint never smears bitch
But that check your ass never clears bitch
Fred Fury taught me revenge is the way payback even when waiting for years (fite back!!)
Taking a chance again with the jab
Repeated offense it would've perhaps
But somebody stabs and then its too late
My wound is keeping me from fighting the fight
My thinking is dull react with a bat
Swing for the skull connect with a smack
Instant I swerve cracking the wood
Every face staring was freckled with blood


[Interlude: Violent J]
Hey son you're facing heavy retaliation
Napalm its on
Hey son you're facing heavy retaliation
Napalm its on (x2)

Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha

[Outro: Violent J]
Hey son you're facing heavy retaliation
Napalm its on
Hey son you're facing heavy retaliation
Napalm its on (x2)

665