[Hook:]
I've heard all the talk (And I can't believe it!)
You thought that I would walk away
I've heard enough (But now you can't leave me!)
This time you'll listen when I say...
I had enough of this shit, I'm mad as fuck and I'm pissed
You're wondering what for, it's time to settle the score
When it's all over you're wishing ya never knew me now
From the first intro until it all falls down!

[Verse 1: Monoxide Child]
I go hardcore like a parkour from nine floors
Up in the air while you stare waiting for encores
I can't explain it, but whether or not you're making
It hard for me to relate it, you just get caught in the downpour
And I hate it when ya state it that all of us are the same
And I just can't let it go, so when I'm on stage
I look into the faces of all the people and places
And I'm feeling all of the pain it's shameless
To be so afraid of the nameless and me I got a hatred
Your television's nothing but a straight-up racist
So I came wit all of the sources of misfortune
Never mind the porch when I'm right in ya fortress
Heartbroken and ready to start showin'
The reason everybody's been waiting on somebody to stand up
Please believe me the warnings about to window
The serial killas on the mission as ya kinfolk...

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Jamie Madrox]
Burn bright like thermite, attacking their infrastructure
Like it's made of wood and we some termites
That's right, no beef up in the appetite
Cos we're unleashing the beast under the black light
Starving for hunger and fame, living the fast life
More than a charm and a chain, we're like a crack pipe
You get hooked like the fisherman in effect skills
Contaminated like bio-hazard chemical spills
Look how we terrorize, telling you to kill
But it's only entertainment and you thinking that it's real
Are we at fault to blame? FUCK NO!
Wrong on many levels like that Law & Order episode (Episode, episode)
I won't let it go!
They take us for a joke and thinking that this shit is comical
Yeah I'm offended and hurt, but fuck the feelings though
And I'm far from out it and so glad that you think so!

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Monoxide]
Lemme handle this
Vandalize me like walls of bricks
Put my name in the mix of the media playing tricks
And they leading you to a pasture of order that don't exist
I go past it like a power shift to fifth
Picture from my rear-view, crossed off my list
I don't hear you, outta my lane movin slow like a chest piece
Time to read the streets and your potholes like concrete
(Jamie Madrox:)
I used to say wait till we mastered the craft
Apply the gift of gab and we'll see who gets the last laugh
Cause who laughs best is only temporary
Cause the products don't sell unless some artists act scary
Well, boo bitch! You through bitch!
Quit tryna carve and copy the uncanny style of the way we do shit
We ruthless, we ain't new to this
We been getting jacked for our flavor since the days of 'Mostasteless'

[Hook]