I'm Violent J
I breath toxic fumes and throw my lungs up
All over your brand new patent-leather penny loafers
You fuck!

I'm 2 Dope
I got sick ass sewer sludge stuck in my throat
And I live in a big pipe on Zug Island
So stop by and have a bowl of rust, you fucking bitch-ass faggot

Faggot, you bitch ass faggot
I'm in the south-west Detroit, Delray
Inner city, ghetto street-gang
I got people who want me dead
But every time they run up on me, I get scared
And my skull explodes
All over those motherfuckers

Sometimes I get hungry, man
But it ain't nothing in the box but a brick sandwich
So I start hurting that motherfucker
And I chew on that bitch until my jaw breaks
Which don't fade me, cause I'm a hoodlum
And I don't exist to you fucks (you fucks)
You green-grass fucks

Fuck me, and I'll fuck you, fucker
We comin', motherfucker
We coming to get ya
Coming to get ya
How ya see me is what ya get
How ya see me is what ya get
Carnival of Carnage is coming
How ya see me is what ya get

I was snookin' good in my bed
Woke up to find my brain fell out my head
Stuffed it back in with a screwdriver, Ah Ah, I'm that much liver
I can walk on my hands on a tight rope
But then I always fall, and bust my ass
But it don't matter (really don't matter) (don't matter) don't
Matter, cause I'm in the haugh

In the haugh, in the haugh
Violent, Violent J's in the motherfucking haugh
I'm in the haugh, you's in the haugh
We in the motherfucking what? Haugh!
(With the wicked town, southwest down, wicked joker's
Kill, southwest thrill)

Get off me, dog, I'm shit faced
I mean I ain't got shit on my face, but ya know
People in the suburbs hate me (why?)
Southwest carnival crazy (hiii)
My mind ain't nothing but a lemon
I mean it's fucking yellow and shit
I don't know man, fuck off!
You can't fade me, vato, cause I'm in the haugh!

In the haugh, in the haugh
2 Dope Shaggy's in the motherfucking haugh
I'm in the haugh, you's in the haugh
We in the motherfucking what? Haugh!
(With the wicked town, southwest down, wicked joker's
Kill, southwest thrills)

I'm Greez-e, and I can moonwalk
But I don't, cause that shit's so fucking played out
Instead, I just grab this wang
And tell you that I'm in the haugh, bitch!
Parachute pants, and moon boots
Chilling on the corner butt-naked hurting Froot Loops
Fuck a hillbilly goat
Sitting in the tub, I let my nuts float, cause I'm in the haugh!

In the haugh, in the haugh
Greez-e's in the motherfucking haugh
I'm in the haugh, you's in the haugh
We's in the motherfucking what? Haugh!
(With the wicked town, southwest down, wicked joker's
Kill, southwest thrills)

Southwest is in the haugh!
Greez-E is in the haugh!
I'm in the haugh, in the haugh, in the haugh
Hamma, hamma, hamma
E dogs in the haugh
Jumpsteady in the haugh
Hammer in the haugh, too!
Mike Clark in the haughhh!
Brotherhood Recipe in the haugh!
Hamma, hamma

(With the wicked town, southwest down, wicked the joker's
Kill, southwest thrill)