[Intro]
"Mr. Jackson, what are you talking about?
Well I've heard about those parties, they're immoral
Mr. Jackson, I thought you were respectable gentlemen."

"Now, don't give me that respectable gentlemen bullshit you little bitch"

"Mr. Jackson?"

"Now, stop playing dumb, you dizzy cunt."

[Chorus]
Hey baby, I heard you like to freak
Then come out to play with me
Hey baby, I heard you like to freak
Then come out to play with me

[Shaggy 2 Dope]
Hey, what's up, I'm new in town
I work for the circus, Shaggy the Clown
Anyway, ole girl, I seen you around
I guess I'm trying to say that I wanna be down, hey
We had ice cream, sat in the park
I walked her all the way home when it got dark
She took me inside and when the door shut
Next thing ya know I had my nuts in her butt, uh

[Violent J]
I want a bitch that's down to fuck right away
And even does my homies if it's okay
A little bitch that's down with a quicky
I love chicky chicky, I ain't being picky though
So you might be a little bit fat
You might even stink a bit, I don't mind that
Even if you don't fuck on the first date
Just put my nuts in your mouth and I'm straight

[Shaggy 2 Dope]
I need a girl that just don't give a fuck
So, I'm caught strokin' her mom, I mean, so what?
A little skins here and there, ain't nothing
I just need a bitch who's down with a lil' somethin' somethin'

[Hook (2x)]
Hey baby, I heard you like to freak
Then come out to play with me

[Violent J]
My name's Violent J, so I can't fuck around
Who's the dirtiest bitch in the whole town?
There she go, she workin' at Dairy Queen
Bitch couldn't be a day over fifteen
So I threw her in the buck like that
I hit it so quick, I made her butt-cheeks clap, ha
Why wait around 'til she gets married?
Cuz I'm ready as long as the neden's hairy

[Shaggy 2 Dope]
Tootsie-tootsie pumpkin pie
Looks like ya got nut in your eye
My fault, I didn't notice, you was still there
Now go and wash that shit out your hair, bitch
I want a girl not afraid to bone
Even if her mommas and pops is still home
And if her daddy suddenly walks in
He just might see me my nuts on his daughter's chin

[Violent J]
Everybody in the hood says that you're easy
You look a little cracked out, a little sleazy
You're a base head, baby, it ain't shit
I'm still down if you down for a lil' somethin' somethin'
A lil' somethin' somthin'

[Hook (2x)]

(2x)
Bitch let me hit, I won't be long
As soon as I nut, I'm gone

[Hook (3x)]