Sleigh bells jingle-ling rin jing jingle-ling
Horses, horses, horses, horses
Sleigh bells jingle-ling ring jing jingle-ling

(gunshot)

Santa Claus suck my balls
Drunk as hell rinking bells at the malls
Dancer, Prancer, Vixen, and Cupid
I'm a get stupid, ha ha ha, eh
I sat around all night under the chimney
Holdin my sack like "gimme gimme"
I know that he's commin, he's commin he must
Lookin up nuthin but rust, dust
Turn on my tv the very next day I see your gettin payed
Leadin the parade I'm that sniper on the buildin
Listen to my nine go click, Santas a fat bitch

Santa Claus is a fat bitch
(Santa Claus is a fat fat bitch)
Another year and I ain't get shit
(Another year I ain't get shit)
If I hear him land on my roof
(Ohh my undertaker)
I'm a bust your ass in the too-hoo-hoo-hoo-hooth

Yeah I got somthin to say about St. Nick
Fuck that ho, he never brought Shaggs shit
No toys, candy canes, just a lump of coal
So I eat it, cuz there ain't nuttin in the cupboards
So I'll be quick, quick and brief
Alls I need for Christmas is my two front teeth
I got mine kicked, kicked out my mouth
I need a few new ones could you help me out?
Should've known I'd get the short end of the stick
No kind of gift I didn't get shit
Some say I was bad but that wasn't it
It's all because, Santa's a fat bitch

Santa Claus is a fat bitch
(Santa fuck you 'cause you're a ho)
Another year and I ain't got shit
(Another year I ain't get shit)
If I hear him land on my roof
I'm a bust your ass in the too-hoo-hoo-hoo-hooth

"Oh-ho-ho don't go that way Rudolph! That's the ghetto!
Ho-ho, those boys and girls don't deserve anything."

Santa Claus, Santa Claus where you been?
I see you got cookies and milk on your chin
I guess you had time to collect your ends
You always been down for your rich friends
But Rudolph, he don't bring his sleigh my way
Nothing but coal and dirt for little J
I guess you couldn't fit down my chimney shaft
You need to lose some of that fat ass, eh
All the little rich boys they gettin paid
Counting the toys and ducats they made
Me? I got a little half little chunk of dog shit
I'm a kill that fat bitch

Santa Claus is a fat bitch
(He ate too much McDonald's)
Another year and I ain't get shit
(Mrs. Claus is a ho)
If I hear him land on my roof
(Slice that bitch in the big red coat)
I'm a bust your ass in the too-hoo-hoo-hoo-hooth

T'was the night before Christmas and everythings whack
Not a creature stirring but a fucking rat
I ain't hearin jingle bells I ain't hearin nuttin
Ain't smelling no turky sure as hell ain't no stuffing
All that I paid, wished and prayed
That fat motherfucker would swing my way
And drop off soldiers and rubber balls
But I woke up and found some crusty old drawers
Yep, yep I knew it! The shaft again, and again, and again, and again
Every year I wake up to the same old shit... house empty
No sign of the fat bitch!

Santa Claus is a fat bitch
(Santa Claus is a fat bitch)
Another year and I ain't get shit
(Another year I ain't get shit)
If I hear him land on my roof
(If I hear him land on my roof)
I'm a bust your ass in the too-hoo-hoo-hoo-hooth

Santa Claus is a fat bitch
(Santa Claus is a fat bitch)
Another year and I ain't get shit
(I ain't ge-et shi-it)
If I hear him land on my roof
(Ro-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoof)
I'm a bust your ass in the too-hoo-hoo-hoo-hooth

(record scratching)
"He's got a fuzzy white beard and a great big smile
A bright red hat you can see for a mile
A bag full of goodies and a great big grin
Here comes Santa Claus again."