"Hello?
Yeah, you give sax lessons?
Not this time of the night
Why not this time of the night? I'm only up this time of the night
I play music of the night
If you could call at 10 O'clock, 11 O'clock..
No, no, I'm not awake in the day
Read my lips, scary..scary..scary
I'm sorry the instructor is not available right now...
Aww, man, why you guys in the goddamn
Yellow Pages then, the fuckin, the goddamn, what's it, no
It's the Weekly!
My goodness...this is...
In parentheses, 'No gig...too scary'
And that's just what I am. Scary."

(Shaggy 2 Dope)
Look up in the sky, it's a bird, it's a plane
Nah, bitch, Super Balls, is the name
And I come from a far away planet
"Created where?"
Southwest Del Ray, goddamn it! (woop-woop!)
And it's the land of the smog-filled maniacs
Super Balls, and concrete nutsacs
You know that bag lady skank that always bothers you?
I'm here to fuck her, yo, that's what I do
So tell me where the hoes is at
Fat loopy bitches with the lumpy backs
Super Balls ain't scared of a fuckin' thing
Hold your belly up and I'll stick you with my Super Wang
So, who's next, the bitch with the rubber eye
It won't shut, and now she can't find a guy
It scared everybody off, so I guess my duty calls
BITCH!!!!!!!!!! Call me Super Balls

Ain't no bitch to fat
Ain't no bitch to whack
Ain't no bitch to ugly
For Super Balls, woop-woop! (x2)

(Violent J)
I met a girl looked a lot like a turkey
So I fucked her and her neden went bublabublabubla
Cuz I could give a motherfuck about looks
I just chalk up another one for the books
I know this bitch- fat, round like a beach ball
You can roll her up, and bounce her off the wall
We played ball, shoot hoops, she can hold steady
Then I stick my dick down in the fat patty
Just cuz no one calls your home
Don't mean that you're all alone
Just call Super Balls to the rescue
Now here's what I'm a do
I might stick my big toe in your butthole
And then tickle your neden with my other toes
Ugly bitches in need, I crash through their walls
Big daddy J Violent Super Balls

Ain't no bitch to fat (yeah, motherfucker)
Ain't no bitch to whack (better ask somebody)
Ain't no bitch to ugly
For Super Balls, woop-woop! (x2)

"It's a bright mid-summer day in Metropolis, and there's not much
News fit to televise at Galaxy Communications. Where, in his
Office, Clark Kent is monitoring the twelve o'clock news."
"Uh uh, it goes thump thump thump against your clit"
"Harder, harder!"
"Lois Lane, ace reporter for Galaxy Communications, opens Clark's
Door and looks in."
"When the hell do I get something out of this?"

(Legz Diamond)
Legz Diamond down with the clown
Fuck fat bitches and charge by the pound
I gets paid and I bought a new Lexus
Cuz I fucked a bitch bigger than Texas (yeeehaw!!)
Super Balls don't care where his nuts at
One night, I found em in your mom's butt crack
You was playin Nintendo upstairs
I had my dick stickin in your mom's butt hairs
Granny walked in, puffing on a jay
"Pfft, my pussy's turning grey"
She asked if I would mind dipping in the sugar walls
I said it ain't no thang for Super Balls
Super Balls is in the motherfucking house!!!

Ain't no bitch to fat
Ain't no bitch to whack
Ain't no bitch to ugly
For Super Balls, woop-woop!(x6)