[Intro]
You are lucky, for letting me know that I am not
Unfortunately, the lucky never realize they are lucky until it's too late
Yesterday you were better off than you are today, but it took today for you to realize it
But! the day has arrived, and... it’s too late
You see? People are never happy with what they have

[Verse 1]
Never fear, shed a tear, every years changing
Set a gear, let me ears, billy's rearrangin'
It’s amazin', this box I'm caged in
A haven for the layman
My aim's a raven
Bathin' in a base 'n' filled with litigation, I'm racin’
Each crowd I rock is a playpen
I’m playin' while I’m pacin'
Push harder on the cold pavement, I'm enslaved in
Momma said I was a stubborn boy
Who tore his rage in bull fed spice how to cage in
Met a couple rap packs, and we stayed kin
Blazed up and baked in, self preservation
Set a strange coarse off on the trains in
Felt like a strange skin
Never been the same since
'83 was the year that I came in, May 5th
Say Ben, Why we wearin’ aprons?
It's a hustle that I didn't sign up for
But gotta set bill quick, Fuck, goin' job core!
I'm sicker than the average, rap-ridden rabbits
Track smilin' magic, no, I gotta have it
It's poetry or understandable garbage
The word pours, oh , so close to artists, but
I'ma keep on keepin' each song, to free speech on deaf beats like Petong, I
Can't hear you, image and egos
So won't know fear through the gimmicks you leave, so
Be out of my peep-holes, silly ol' Neemo
More tricky fish than a peep show
I'm rugged to the arsenic jingle
The lame airwaves make my cartilage tingle
It's enough to give a bag and a shingles
In this fake world, I mingle
To me it's all details

[Chorus]
(What'chu gonna do, do do, do do, do)
It's all details
(What'chu gonna do, do do, do do, do)
To me it's all details
(What'chu gonna do, do do, do do, do)
You see it's all details
(What'chu gonna do, do do, do)
The devil's in the details
(Do do, do do, do do, do)
The devil's in the details
(Do do, do do, do do, do)
The devil's in the details
(Do do, do do, do do, do)
The devil's in the details
(Do do, do)

[Verse 2]
These days MCs and DJs
Walk through each maze with a girl named Cliche
Car, chain, fake MC battle
Shake, roll, rattle, hoarse mic on a saddle that'll
Straddle all prior push on our movement
They say that our music, is merely amusement
And if it is, I've amused myself to death
And EBAY'd off every last breath
Goin' once, goin' twice, it's sold now
Spreadin' the whole town, a segment of gold nouns
Words fall off the wall like paint chips
I'm biting my dazed lip, and hearing the same shit
I'm only tryin' to breath
They want me to fly, but they wire my needs, see
In this circus I'm fire and greed
A surplus got me dyin' to beed
It's all details

[Chorus]

[Outro 1]
*Ding*
What's goin' on Burn?
What up! What's the deal man?
Chillin'. Where you goin'? You goin' to the top?
(How you doin' man?)
(Chillin', you?)
(Yeah, yeah) Where you headed, top?
Top, yeah (AAaayyeee!)
All right, lets go, lets go
Good job man, so what's been popin' man?
Tryin'a make it happen, break down the doors, you know how we do?
*Arrggh* I feel you man
I brought my may down (Oh, what?)
From Bestbuy (Ah, you're the one)
Yeah! *Hahaha*
*DIng*
What up, niggas!! (What up!)
What up man, where you headed man?
Oh, shit, the buttons pressed to the top
Are you? Ah, you goin' to the top too!?
I don't know what the fucks goin' on up there
Yo, I knew I fuckin' smelt Burny from the fuckin' floor
(Ah, fuck you man) This nigga came the fuck up
Whatever man, so I like to smoke before I come up
*Ding*

[Voice Clip]
Most people don't think twice about getting into an elevator with a stranger, but they should
Take a look at this surveillance video
New York Police Department is hoping someone can help them identify this man
As you can see, the man walks into this New york city elevator and pulls a gun on the unsuspecting person inside
The robber hit the victim in the head repeatedly with the gun and allegedly took his wallet
The victim had minor head injuries and police are hoping you can help track down the suspect

[Outro 2]
This is elevator music
I am Plex... Luther. Don't ever forget the Luther
Umm... What happened to the Funk?
That's what I wanna know
*Ding*