[Verse]
Okay, welcome to another retrospect
Wrekonize, you recollect we share the same perspective
Down on Sobe where the people may not wish you well
Homeless people smell like shit and talkin' to themselves
This is that iMayday! iMayday! shit so sound it, please
Better look around for the thousand fees
Livin' in the city where they found in greed
I-I-I'm down to breeze
JD in a walking bottle, scooped her up and told her
"Suck for luck ain't just the Dolphin's motto!"
You silly girl, asking for rapture
Like this your Armageddon and I'm just your capture
Today I'll play ya slave and let you be my master
So when you look me in the eye and tell me "faster"
I pull up to the city and I get 'em in a frenzy
With a little bit of Indo and some X
Ain't gunnin' for a minute but I'm ready to replenish
Cause Tech said "We should retrogress!"
This Strangeland Band with a mainland tan
Gotta make that grand while I'm still breathing!
Take me to your leader even
If we've been livin ' in the badder season, ha!
W-W-Welcome to Miami ho
Haters in the crowd that's how you know it's a Miami show
Road rage will get ya make you wanna scream "Miami blows!"
But at the end of the day we all just plainly love Miami so
Raise the heat with amazing speech and I maybe beat but not today
KC Tea and the JD thee got my lady deep like Macy Grey
If they ain't tryin' to work with iMayday! then just fuck 'em all
Take 'em to the bottom and like lotto they can suck my balls!
Heh, childish, but you lost your sense of humor
If you're not careful in this place you may invent a tumor
I hear the pavement talkin', here's what they says the rumor:
2012 is ours and it really can't be here no sooner!
And another fallin' fast, on an out 'bout haulin' ass
Feel like we're on the path, when she's "all of that" and want an autograph
I'm reachin' Heaven fast, just tryin' to get some cash
And not go fall into the red like I'm Kevin Clash
This is your first and final breather
Bump up your receiver, take it to your speakers
Bane with a little bit of hang
Sangin' out into the bleachers
Now prepare yourself for the best in hell and
TAKE ME TO YOUR LEADER!