[Intro: Wrekonize]
Yup, I know alot of yall' been wonderin'...
Where is Paradise?
Been thinkin' that too...
But as the years pass by I started to realize...
It's to be created
There's nobody else that could do it but you

[Verse 1:]
Back when I was just a little kid trying to get a grip on this big world with my fingertips
I was ignorant to the viciousness
Of a human being being dissonant
Momma always taught me kindness
Treat em' just the way you wanna be
Kept my friends covering my back
Kept my enemies right in front of me
Kept an eye on the prize, eye to the line, nope, I don't wanna drown
Oh it's killing me this negativity, and now it's tipping me I'm going down
Somebody help me, please help me
Got no money but I'm feeling wealthy (Nope.)
No Insurance but I'm feeling healthy (Nope.)
I'm just trying to play the hand they dealt me (C'mon!)
Few players at the table folded, couple others went to do they own shit
I don't judge 'em really I still love 'em
I just hope they find a world that truly coats them
Cause this rock is beaten up and broken, by the promises that we've been hoping
Stay golden, and unfrozen, until we finally get to find the quotient
You got answers? (You got answers?)
Well I got questions (Well I got questions.)
Is this banter? (Is this banter?)
Or is it lessons? (I don't know.)
A lot of evil cats running round without a bit tact or discretion
I'm trying to climb a little higher up to get the blessings

[Hook]
Every time I come down, I'm trying to find some high ground
Higher Ground [x2]
Every time you're around, you make me feel like I'm bound for higher ground
Higher Ground
(Higher!)

[Verse 2:]
But the views obstructed, seen 'em smiling but I never trust it
What a way for human beings to function
What fuck shit, to be stuck with a bunch of people that we ain't grew up with
Trying to pretend, that we'll be friends, but they actions speak a different gumption
You got a phone, don't ya know the code broseph?
You could just reach out once in a while
To get the tone know this ain't a drone blowin' a bunch of smoke out on the river Nile
Man with friends like these I'm glad to have a woman like I do to hold me down
It's her and I against the tribe I don't abide I never needed to fit in the crowd
So get climbing out into the vibrant miles of sky we like to call the higher sound
And find a person you can fly with and keep an eye for those who tryna circle round
And just breathe
Sometimes I bite my lip until it bleeds
See, this is just a message for my inner messes buried underneath the pounds
Seeing all these people know me I'm still lonely
Homie I'm just here and wondering how
And when I'm happy evil thoughts get at me still they pull me out into the deeper shroud
I wanna leave it all behind so when you look you'll find me up on the higher ground
Higher ground

[Hook:]
Everytime I come down, I'm tryna find some high ground
Higher ground [x2]
Everytime you're around, you make me feel like I'm bound for higher ground
Higher ground
(Higher!) [x2]