[Intro (Excerpt from Lethal Weapon 2)]
I'm not going back so just shut up!

Oh sure don't go back, okay. Okay don't go back, that's it. That's what they want. Lemme tell-can I give you two guys a friendly piece of advice okay? Don't ever go up to the drive-thru okay? Always walk up to the counter. You know why? Ok, ok, ok, lemme' tell you, ok. They FUCK YOU at the drive-thru, okay? They FUCK YOU at the drive-thru! They know you're gonna be miles away before you find out you got FUCKED! They know you're not gonna turn around and go back, so they don't care. So who gets fucked? Ol' Leo Getz! Okay, sure! I don't give a fuck! I'm not eating this tuna, okay?

[Hook x2]
Ok, ok, ok
If you need me to be honest
I'm really tired of being modest
Especially when them cats is garbage
Fuck with me and Rittz, you swimming with piranhas
Ok, ok, ok

[Verse 1: Wrekonize]
I’ve been in the middle run around and gots to knew
If the bullshit you've been listening to is individual minimal
Or is it lots the blue?
You know me, Benny P, I’m an Indie star
Moving along like an indie car
But at least I used to motherfucking think we are
This is hometown funk from the bottom of the map now
Sit the motherfucker back down
Play the wall, play the fence, play the background
Cause I’ve been runnin on silent, know me all violence
Went on tour to spread the name like Midas
Met that whore, she wanna see my Tech N9ne inch nails
She been spitting all the same old tales
Wanna get me to buy her heels
Take her to Zales, how unreal
I’m like bitch get a life, get a male
Who gonn love you and treat you well
But tonight, you came to the right spot
To get the best fucking that you ever did feel
This is just another summertime ale
Another bottle of the JD, well
Don’t be acting like you never did fail
Never knew jail, or never knew hell
Me and Rittz make it lift like braille
You wanna blaze trails but you’re so damn frail
This is eminent for enemies never did we pretend to be
The better, we the best now, hell

[Hook x2]

[Verse 2: Rittz]
The homie Wreck just wrecked it and killed the beat
I guess he wanted me to resurrect it, I can feel the speed
Like a needle was full of meth injected in my neck
But fuck it, it help me get perspective
A collective effort snake and bat connected
Rhyme vet mind set defective
My lady said I need to get my head inspected
Domestic violence at its finest, bitch
I told you to shut up while I'm rhyming shit
You as bad as the guys online that diss
That must have took it from behind and their vaginas itch
And Rittz may not be the best looking beau in the bag
But I guarantee, if throat fuck a ho she would gag
I bet ya all of friends sayin' she suck this
I'm just lying, it's a line, I make you jealous of my success
Maybe you should copy me and you would suck less
You talking shit on the internet, what you obsessed?
They don’t wanna slut fest, pussy wanna just flex
They would rather fight over Skype kinda suspect
You should tuck your nuts and wear a sun dress
You can’t fuck with us it’s not a contest
We already know the outcome (Outcome)
How come its similar to givin' us a drug test
Fuck rap, I don’t like who's in the top 5's
Knock guys out the spot and now the spots mine
Try to go against me its not wise
Its deadlier than having a minaj with the mob wives
You ain't shit the way you spittin is hosh posh
Wrekonize and Rittz and we epitomize the rest
Whoever did about to take it back to get the rapper drive by
Shitting on the rappers in your ipod, Ye-Yah-Uh-Yeah

[Hook x2]