[Intro] (Only on the MP3 version)
You know I heard Sharp Sound play this the other night at Transit
And I thought to myself....why not?

[Verse 1]
Union Jack goblen' major whiskey problem
Bazooka tooth batterang I'm a man that need no robbin'
Mayday all day long and the fam is steady mobbing
Tagging up your coffin with a swag that's panty dropping
This ain't how Wrek rhymes this is out of character
Please don't let it frighten you, be like Frank Bannister
I've been bored for so long please send me a challenger
Even if it's in your women and I gotta get it up and tell your mother you dont want to handle her
Please smile wide for the camera
Extinct the think you even matter bro
My ink is ink and it will damage you
I'mma link the drink and I'm a jack of all trades
D-d-dangerous family I'm a plan to damage so say with a whole lot of Jameso
Slam the whole stage up and better but I stand and grab the whole thang man....

[Bridge]
Alright that was my beat your bitch down warm-up
Let me see if I could touch the god level. Hey D-Ray could you pass me a red bull?

[Verse 2]
Let's go, I've been running for a minute
And it's almost at a limit that I'm getting all civic
Really got a headache and I think need a medic
In this game is all the same you play your lane iust to get the credit (go!)
Last year would they let us get it? (No!)
Wanna hate us on every second? (So!)
That's fine motherfuckers, I don't need your shit
I'mma make my records
Even if I have gotta to hit them with a little gimmick
I'mma get them with a little bitter leave another limit
I'mma split them up and leave them living up in pacific
I'mma kill them leave a critic swimming up until the crickets
Spit it while I give them all the bow like Riddick
Old clichés, hey so inventive
Yet a better writer on my own incentive let a palar that we follow no man no pence
Fuck a breath
And regrets, live life fast get high and bet
Get a bucket of fuck it and skydive the rest they ducking the double and high fives be left
I'm a trip wire all hit fire no shit sire split to get wired
Tip the lip wire I'm quick to split liars but I rather iust sit Here coke and smile
Even when I'm on a little hit I gotta get them to the better bit
That's my job, ho
Menace to the enemy I never knew a remedy
For what's coming out my jaw
So
I'mma hit them with a whole lotta of cinnamon
Followed by a dump truck filled with bar soap
Just get inside and get your kids and wife it's going down
Don't get you jaw broke
Mayday, Mayday, ...