[Verse 1 - Ex-I:]

I'm sleepin' at Hotel ??, and when you see me in the lobby
You should probably shoot or drop the gun and cocky attitude and raise your dukes
Don't try to get away man, it will hurry thru
Once I got your shoes, I'll have your socks, watch and wallet too
Ha na man I'm just joshin', I also want your keys and please make sure that the gas tank in your car is full
I'm skinny and I'm slidin' too <--(?)
Only catch me in a wife-beater that fits an Ike Turner body suit

[Verse 2 - Wrekonize:]

Bullets no return, underestimated, retrograted
Hated on, song samurai, flippin' over your fences
Disentigrate sammoth <-(?), sky high above Ex <--(?)
It's menthol on the green language line <--(?), holdin' one's offenses
Brittain's best decendin' pen in hand stand
Sent and said to bend the law of physics, exclusive western connects
So-called bar henchmen turned to sloppy star benchmen
Whenever posted up to against our motives and their yes-men

[Verse 3 - Frankie Riptide:]

I spit to come sick with a line
Then wrappin' a mask to artists stickin' wack shit in a rhyme, bitch
You're clique's not clippin' ??
Like that shit spittin' is that shit fittin' a nine
I dis cats, no kick back, sick in the mind
I'm six cats, quicker and equipped with a mind
That blows his own self bitch, like a hip or a spine
Step and see a chit try to fit in a pine box

[Verse 4 - Calliz:]

I pledge to slaugher whatever the time
'Till I'm tappin' on heaven's door like I'm Gregory Hinds
And y'all vets need to hold it down, I'm fair with the ??
Fuck I've already been around, ask Gary Encore <--(?)
And it's nothing new, trends and fads
I've seen niggas pushin' ??, braggin' 'bout their Benz and Jags
Since 50 did his thing, y'all went delirius
If you took nine bullets like him you'd die, period

[Verse 5 - Diabolic:]

Bolic captured the essence, now I'm holdin' it hostage
Like a passenger stepped in, controllin' the cock-pit
I got high on your block and stopped by
Left you high tide in the ride your mom and paps drive
Very <--(?) tight tube, tail pipe thru the topside
Of the passenger window, 'till it's full with carbon monoxide
I'm startin' a rock slide with you beneath it
Survival of the fittest, there's no excuse for weakness

[Verse 6 - Grunge Toefu:]

Will see on the west coast, word scriptly <--(?) ?? ??
Put a sock in your tucker, you can never touch or brush against the ?? ??
I've got my mind made up and I'm stickin' to it
Bitch please, tofu taste great, so get used to it
This music, it's more than soul food
It's sold thru these penny pinchin' fingertips
The hood hustles on your tick <--(?) and you're feeling it
Go get it dumped <--(?) ??, then you're ???

[Verse 7 - Mac Lethal:]

Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah, what is this
Dissin' me lookin' like Bob with bitch tits
I'll make your girl my sex slave and eat the beaver
And give her pimply chest plate a cleanless steamer
Oh I tug on the ?? ?? ??
While you pissed off stuck in your battle rap days
It's not that serious, I need nine shots of whiskey
Because my girl's on her...period

[Verse 8 - SP-83:]

But ?? ??, wet the bubble when I squeeze the hot cum
And your ?? ain't makin' a dive
I survive by burnin' emcees alive
Along with the track style, mom <--(?), and fanbase, or any of you with your wack ??
I'll shoot a bullet at your heart's place
?? only speaks the truth
SP Clark Kent, when I enter the booth, and when I exit that's a whole different image
'Cause the ?? ??, like vikings entering to burn your women and children

[Verse 9 - Nocando:]

Ha, this ain't a mothafuckin' posse track
My split personality's employin' carbon copy cats
I keep your complex concepts to explain simple
Pop ??, Mac Lethal' <--(?) pay tribute 'till my brain's the number eight issue
?? ?? ??, help me with the questioning
Joe Bate <--(?) was stung by jellyfish, shouldn't get R. Kelly pissed
I drink ?? so often, like my grandpa goes gauntly <--(?)
Eight bars for me is no problem

[Verse 10 - Okwerdz:]

I'll stab you and put my cock in the brain hole, inside where's the mango <--(?) (who)
You know the monster that's sponsored by Kango
And you better find a ??
'Cause I got twice as hot since the last time you heard me
So if you think I suck don't even tell it to Brian
'Cause if you callin' me wack, you're either jealous or lying
Okay I'm tired of being nice, bring in the hack-saws
I said we're done bitch, turn the fuckin' track off