[Intro]
Ladies and gentlemen. If you don't know by now, you probably shouldn't know at all. Yo Spinna...who's the man?

"Who is the man?"
"Who is the man?"

[Verse One]
I'm The man
Like Baldhead Slick and Jeru
They tried to put me down but from hunger I came through
The man eating animal, gorilla with the mandolin
My jungle's tore down, but hey, what state's the planet in?
I slam the streets with speech of manaconda
They'd have to drive the street alone, no one to man the genre
Meanwhile, rappers endorse more than they spit raps
And act surprised when they get He-Man bitch slapped
Huh
But I ain't listenin' to the shenanigans
Sometimes it ain't the man, its the label, its the management
Or
Even there's people that drive a rapper to ramblin'
Rap gets frozen in stores just like a mannequin
Man handle your mandibles, chew flesh like cannibals
Can't get the 2Pac out your box? Well I ain't mad at you
I'm here to serve all ears and pan the glory
And soon enough, Wrek's respect will be mandatory
Who's the man?

[Hook]
Recognize
I'm the motherfucking man
Recognize
I'm the motherfucking man
You know the program I'm the motherfucking man
Who is the man?

[Verse Two]
We got a man Hova board tryin' to be the overlord
But too young, inexperienced, he couldn't hold the cord
Went out on a manhunt tryin' to battle me
Tried to be the big man and ended up the manatee
I strike
?? and won
Five mics?
No, five million, some say that's high price
But my life is more than just a lucky sky hike
I'mma Mike Jack you out a window, fly a kite
Huh
So come get your beat down Beatnicks
We beat down weak kids for swearing that the game's set
But with the heat now we spit
Your team found we split the foe's flow and now hold a rain check
In Miami I'm the man you should see
For real hip hop drums to bring a man to his feet
D-J Spinna hooked the man with a beat
And your momma taught you manners so you could handle defeat
Who's the man?

[Ho

[Outro]
Yeah. DJ Spinna. Wrekonize. Miami's in the building. Who's the man? You know? For 2006 you suckers!!!