[Produced by Heavy D + Kebo 187]

[Verse 1]
Who shot me? Got me sittin' back thinkin' long
Knowin' something wrong
Niggas used to hit me up, now they don't call my phone
Brought niggas to my home, shit, I don't know
Somethin' different, I can feel it, my nigga
Niggas I was feeling, now I ain't feelin' them, nigga
Bigz like, "You tripping," I'm like, "I'm serious, nigga."
Thoughts in my head said: "Yeah, I'm killing this nigga."
Couple months later, niggas ain't heard shit
Around niggas and I'm cautious and nervous
Clutchin' on this motherfucker, watchin' body language
I ain't trustin' not a motherfucker, motherfuckers...
Thinkin' I'm stupid, I had love for niggas then killed Cupid
So you can be clueless
And I can tell by that look in your look in your eyes
I ain't surprised with a disguise, thinkin' I'm blind, uh

[Interlude]
'Round niggas and they lookin' real fishy
I know I ain't tweakin', nigga
Fuck up with you?

[Verse 2]
Getting cold chills
My mans say, "Move out of town."
I'm on the Pole still, still...
Fuck'll make you say something like that?
I made a bold statement, nigga I'm back, I'm back
And I ain't lettin' up, extendos if he run, that's how I'm catchin' up
Keep my mouth shut, that's how I ain't messin' up
Dreams haunt me to this day, I think they set me up
They set me up, fuck!
Niggas lookin' like they seen a ghost
That's the Grim Reaper getting close
Most niggas act like they know, but they don't
Emotions under control, I don't let them show, "Is you 'sho?"
"Yeah, I'm 'sho, cause once you let a nigga know, that's once you let a nigga go
Ain't no second chances!"
"I mean, but you got a second chance—"
"Yeah, that's why it ain't no mo', I swear I ain't gon' go."

[Interlude 2]
Niggas think I'm just gon' go like this?
Nah, nigga, I ain't gon' go like that
Cause where I'm from it don't go like that

[Verse 3]
Still tellin' myself, like, "Bud, watch 'em out!"
Could still get put up, I still got options
Still dodging blows but still not boxing
Swear I'm killin' my beef, I'm not like Rocky
In that deep freezer... I'm that nigga with that black hoodie in that dark alley with the street sweeper
Try to tell me what you think I wanna hear and I don't even make it clear. Nah, I just let 'em talk
We gon' get 'em later. Right now, let 'em walk
And we gon' make sure it's finished, they gon' get the chalk
Ain't no drivin' to the hospital, when the shots hit him, not even God with him
I hope he thinkin' that I don't got no prob with him
Cause he don't feel it how I feel it, he gon' feel it in a minute
And I swear I feel it all in my chest, so when it's done I can get me some rest, I'm blessed

[Outro]
I can feel niggas, they ain't right
Ain't no talkin' about it neither, nigga
Where I'm from, if you don't feel it... then yo ass lost in the sauce, boy, real shit
Now I can get me some rest
Now I can get me some rest
Now I can get me some rest