[Chorus 2x]
I got a funny feelin' somethin's goin' on
Had a good girl, treated her wrong
I got a funny feelin' somethin's goin' on
Treated her wrong, now my good girl's gone

[Verse 1]
I got a funny feelin' somethin's goin' on
Woke up one mornin' an' my girl was gone, couldn't figure out what the hell went wrong
Didn't think she'd leave 'cuz she wasn't that strong, but I was wrong
Now I'm the one that's hurt, quiet as kept
Readin' quotes from her note that read "I stepped 'cuz ya slept"
Now what am I  supposed to do? How's it supposed to be?
How could you leave me? I mean, damn, I'm Heavy D!
Boy was I dumb, thought I was the one
Baggin' on her in front of friends, just for the fun
I wish I woulda known, I woulda begged her to stay
Now, Heavy D's Heavy Dumb 'cuz his girl ran away

[Chorus 2x]

[Verse 2]
Now as the days go by, I'm steady tryna handle it
The more I think about it, the more I untangle it
Boy was I a fool, treated her cruel
Straight-up disrespect for the sake of being cool
Sittin' all day an' I ask myself "Why?"
I guess you never miss your water 'til your well runs dry
I figured I was bigger by callin the shots, plannin' the plots
Takin' advantage of what I got, I shoulda stopped
So now I'm lonely, from actin' like a phony
Buggin' somethin' awful, even mama didn't know me
I tried to call her, but she won't call back
She won't call back, she won't call back

[Chorus 2x]

[Verse 3]
Now everyday is just another day almost where I stay
Not in the mood to play because my girlie ran away
I guess I really learned my lesson, dig it, I'm through
The next time I get a good girl, I'll know what to do
No more Mr. Rough-N-Tough-neck
Actin like a drunken suspect
Ending up the sunken shipwreck
Cause I got better plans, and I’m a better man
With a better deck of cards in my hand
I wonder how she’s doing, where she’s at, and how she be
Is everything okay? – do you still remember me?
And even if you don’t, you’re on my mind
Cause a new good girl is just too hard to find

[Chorus 2x]

[Outro: Soul IV Real]
Alright, keep it going..
Alright, keep it going..
Alright, keep it going..
Alright, keep it going..