[Intro]
Yeah, waddup Vers', haha

[Verse 1: Jake Miller]
Uh, uh, I'm a walking rapping time bomb
Yeah I'm 'bout to blow up
Mandatory evacuation every time I roll up
But when I detonate, the world won't know what to do with it
Cause this gon' be a crime scene when me and Vers' are through with it
STOP, and bring it back
They say my flow's nuts, you can find it in the sack
Haha, sorry Momma, I don't know what got into me
Still don't know my name by now? Man, you must be kidding me
Multi-platinum attitude, got a Grammy on lock
I've been practicing my speech since before I learned to talk
Now I'm red carpet walking, every show I'm rocking
Yeah I'm doing work I hit the studio and clock in
Back in high school I'd overhear them talking 'bout me
There goes the rapper kid, even teachers were laughing at me
But while you were teaching metaphors and analogies
I was packing shows, making 20 times your salary

[Verse 2: Vers']
I don't see no beef like a vegetarian's refrigerator
99 problems and all of them haters
I just erase them like I'm writing on word
Dude's a damn platypus, no Phineas and Ferb
Yep, started with a video, it took over the world
Now I get paid to fly out and hang with beautiful girls
Its funny cause back then they would've never acknowledged me
Now those same girls are all sending me apologies
Say they falling in WHAT? Girl, love is too strong
The bandwagon's too full, but girl you can run along
Yeah, unless you pretty and carry yourself a nice figure
And always smile like you're taking profile picture
You gorgeous girl don't let anyone tell you otherwise
I just don't get how you single these dudes must be blind
12 rounds, you looking scared, don't hop out
Circle tighter than virgins, square dudes get boxed out

[Verse 3: Jake Miller]
Yeah, uh, round 2, now I'm coming for the knock out
But this time I ain't playing like my season's on lockout
Yeah, I never quit, I never stop, I never sleep
Cause time is money, and this life I'm living isn't cheap
I used to rap about my dreams now I'm living them
I used to ask for autographs and now I'm given them
I'm too sick for medicine, they telling me to get well
Taking over the world, but starting with the FL
I just ain't just a trend, but lately I've been trending, baby
Blue check beside my name, so call me maybe?
Haha, but I ain't got the time to chitter-chatter
Busy handing rappers asses to them on a silver platter
I'm on the come up thanks to all of y'all
But will I ever make it? Well, you can make the call
Uh, yeah, this my theme song every time I walk out
We heavyweight champs, Vers' hit em with the knock out

[Verse 4: Vers' (Jake Miller)]
Long hair don't care like a bum's do
You all a midget to a giant like you 1'2
Switched it up starting making some more commercial things
Now my songs getting pitched to be on commercials kid
I'm not rich but I know I won't die trying it
I never grew up to be a product of my environment
Its time to kick it like putting down a recliner
So many women... eeny, meeny, miny, moe, Jake, I found her
You don't know you're beautiful? That's what makes you beautiful
Word to One Direction and baby that's something you should know
Haha, girl I'll put you to bed like holiday
After working you out like Shaun T
If there's anything I know you will say
Girl, it's probably how much you missing me
And baby I'm so sure like I'm all in
Coming off the dome... b-b-b-b-balding

The lights are off but she says that she sees a lot in me
She said your hot like the metal piece when you ironing
I said I'm yours like I'm leasing the girl some property
But then again I say that to every girl I see crossing me
You say you love me? Well baby just get in the line
Cause the underdogs off the bench and is playing the starting 5
And yeah this long awaited perfected flow I created
Got all the girls on the globe trynna sleep on me, no sedation
The game is mine like I pre-ordered me a copy
I'll be rapping 'till my voice is more horse than jockey
(I said, the game is mine like I pre-ordered me a copy)
(I'll be rapping 'till my voice is more horse than jockey, waddup!)

[Outro]
Announcer: "In the right corner you have Jake Miller, weighing in at 156 pounds..."
Jake Miller: "I weigh more than that."
Announcer: "...and in the other corner you have Vers'. He's the same size as Jake, and he's muscular"
Jake Miller: "What, are you saying I'm not muscular?"
Vers': "Yeah."
*Jake and Vers' laugh*