[Intro: E-40]
Throwin’ up the upside down M (the upside down M)
E-40, the W, like the hotel
West Coast! Y’all picked the right person to bring this shit to life
I’mma speak some real this
This how that shit go down
I’m the soul narrator

[Verse 1: E-40]
It’s zany on these dumping grounds
Don’t be slippin’ with your pants down
They got some big shit hundred rounds
That’ll knock you out your shoes and spin your neck around
Crooked cops, crooked dice, crooked streets
Dark guns, dark alleys, dark reefs
Don’t get fooled by the palm trees and the beach
They wake your ass up, put the pistol to your teeth
Where the safe at? Where the shoe box? Where your duffel, patna?
Lost souls, they don’t believe in karma
The fast lane, fast cars, fast cash
Bad bitches, big titties, big ass (who out here?)
Celebrities and socialites
Pimps, gangstas, and hustlas under the streetlights
They’ll run up on ya, make sure you with some real ones
When you come in California

[Hook 1: Ariel Pink]
Even when it’s flying high
Watching the weather
Up above, the city skies
And gettin’ it together
California, California

[Verse 2: E-40]
Cali, the land of opportunity
San Quintin and Silicon Valley
Where they learn to play the corner
Where they play with drumsticks that’ll go through body armour
In the Pacific to be specific (what they like to do?)
Where they’ll follow you on the freeway
Catch you gettin’ off an exit when you least expect it
Unexpected, in the middle of the daylight where the traffic hectic
Bold, cold, these judges ain’t plannin’ on gettin’ old, old
Got hit now he layin’ up in the road, road
His mama outside up in her robe, robe (her robe?)
(Where you from?) West Coast!
You sick out this bitch, as I squash like this
The fog and the mist (West Coast!)
I yell that shit out, that’s all that I know, that’s how that shit go

[Hook 2: Ariel Pink]
Even when it’s flying high
Watching the weather
Up above and try hard to
Get it together
California, California

[Outro: Ariel Pink]
Up above the cities skies in California
And soon we'll be flying high in California
In California