[Intro]
The time, time, time is 2000 and now
The location, planet Earth!
Bullshit motherfuckers don't talk about
They knew shit, knew shit, knew shit!
Rages!

[Verse 1]
Our [?] of survival, and quicksands of injustice
We racial profiling and human rights on crutches
Plus the political corruption got people demanding answers
Nobody gives a fuck no more than either taking chances
Flip that quarter quick, copping stacks from sanchez
Put one in the chamber, had to pack between the branches
Government money launderin' [?] like spreading cancers
The World Trade disaster was just the wars cash advances
Neglected too much office meds and back on campus
To take innocent lives just to ease the pain
While we continue to ask why, still no answers
But I know you can't embrace the sun and I believe in rain
Fuckers digging up dirt are causing these avalanches
The people put in work, but can't make ends meet
Young mothers struggling with hungry babies and shitty pampers
So the world should understand being a slave ain't sweet

[Hook]
That's why it's rage against the machines
It's rage against the machines
The lies of propaganda got me ready to scream!
I refuse to bury the dream
Return democracy, plotting the genes of property
Got a lot of hostility, it's more than the cream!

[Verse 2]
Through swamps of the struggle is sand storms and scandals
Amongst whoremongers will [?] label us vandals
Separating racist beliefs, stating the nation
Using taxpayers money for gambling and taking vacation
Start from the fuss like Spitzer
Drinking old hoes, how would one sudden afford of education?
But won't allow fellows, but focus on occupation
Trying to leave us down and hopeless, boxed in the Matrix
Got backs against the wall, rebellious the guns drawn
Looking at the millions who're starving, you've done wrong!
Choosing our targets in this modern day 'nam
Another mother crushed for their child runs in the arms
Police don't serve and protect, them beasts is a threat
They fought East serving death, I walk in peace in Tibet
I'm wiping off the scars and the youth is getting old
Blood, sweat, and tears, grease loose wet
Back from my rap face, literal shrapnel
Addicted to morphine, trapped in the capsule
Honorable discharge, the scarred and homeless
Officers full of shit, jobs bomb like roaches
Me and Strap lacking medical insurance
Civilians are getting jacked, rebels sad and notorious
Full body armed up in this state of emergency
Twelve gauges started blast and back at the perjury

[Hook]
Against the machine!
It's rage against the machines
The lies of propaganda got me ready to scream!
I refuse to bury the dream
Return democracy, plotting the genes of property
Got a lot of hostility, it's more than the cream!