Declaime :
West coast wild style with my homies X4

Rasco :
Yo flash the camera
Rasco be here to slam ya
CA number one, get the job done
Nothing, but the finest
Oh No's the man behind this
Prime time floss, paying the cost
Still i'm the boss and you niggas is lost
Anytime you want to box we be ready to toss
Blows
Swing nose like i'm killing the shows
Right up in the front rows with the fine ass hoes
Stacking the dough, ready to laugh like a champ
Tighting the clamp to revamp that camp
Sign to seal for real for them bills
And what does it mean if you ain't got no skills?
You niggas kill me
Screamin' that you don't feel me
We be ready to rush so let's bust
Straight from the heart, my arts spark the mental
Ras be the man to crush your whole dental

Declaime :
West Coast Wild Style with this mic check
We soul brothers got shit on deck
No frills, Louieville with this ill dialect
Worlwide takeover when we on the set X2
Mic check (Mic check)
1-2 Mic check
Worlwide takeover when we on the set (When we on the set X3)

Medaphoar :
Shhhhh... Shhhh....
Listen, you can hear this nigga's heartpound
Wanna take the fast way to the top, got lost in battlegrounds
We mess No for puttin' it down
Sounds then a illest form for fleshwarp
Alot mics that's all that what you frontin' on
Your hear me bumpin' on 15-2 amps
Colors and Cadillac 20 Gold D's
That shines put it front to back
I'm 'bout to snap
So now my rap is predictible
Why let 'em go like crabs?
Foes is breaking yo pockets and back
All black
Foe whish up for a combat, sharpen up skills
While rappers practice, they crossover like the Grand Hill
That's why i'm still treatin' niggas like paint to pill
Lyrically ??? and trilogy for dolla bills
Home to bet the sky'll fall
Within all costs chaos and Hell'll cause cost with ? Lip boss ? Case soft
You whack emcees better shake dogs oughta shakin' off your friend's heart with lyrics that's soft. That's why you fallin' off!

Declaime :
West Coast Wild Style with this mic check
We soul brothers got shit on deck
No frills, Louieville with this ill dialect
Worlwide takeover when we on the set X2
Mic check (Mic check)
1-2 Mic check
Worlwide takeover when we on the set (When we on the set X3)

Declaime :
Listens dun
By this poet you know it to be
My City P bombrush to yo face, you gets a mush
Bad beats I do lust
Must I straight go to the ill-minimo?
Before, niggas leavin' a mini cold stationary ass reverb
Neck deep
So that all the weak sleep
They come as leaders, warriors ready to battle at an hour
Overpower ?cowards? To your ears like acid rain
Too late, i'm lockin' down in the underground I found
My true identity rest in me
This is me a mad motherfucker on the microphone
With niggas must I grown
To get my life shown and gets flowin' when I find the one
Two
Whos crew wanna step up to my crew X2
My crew!

West Coast Wild Style with this mic check
We soul brothers got shit on deck
No frills, Louieville with this ill dialect
Worlwide takeover when we on the set X2
Mic check (Mic check)
1-2 Mic check
Worlwide takeover when we on the set (When we on the set X3)