[Intro: DJ Kay Slay]
Ay yo, it's DJ Kay Slay, the drama king
So this is what it comes down to, huh?
Y'all niggas think y'all 'bout that life?
Well it's time to show and prove
Fab, set it off!

[Verse 1: Fabolous]
Look, I terminate a bitch, like her name was Sarah Connor
Where I'm from, we never meet daddies; swear on mommas
I'm high fashion, so my Gucci reeks of marijuana
My shoes are killing them! I call these a pair of homi-cides
Put me in the passenger and I'mma ride, cause my mind is full of massacres
Killer verses, I lay 'em down and fill up hearses
You can't be the best without knowing who the worst is
Me and Kay a lot alike, we don't fake nothing
Thick bitches in my sheets, I be straight stunting
You got the wrong keys, I ain't who to start with
Rise of the apes, now who you monkeys getting smart with?

[Hook: T-Pain]
I'm bout that money, I'm bout that fetty
I'm down to get it by any means necessary
I'm bout that drama, I'm bout that strife
Now fuck with me or with my team and you gonna see
Bi-bi-bi-bitch I'm bout that life!
I-I-I'm go-going hard, go-going in
Tryna get what I can get before these people give me 25 to life
Now tell them hatin' ass niggas, that hatin' only makes you die quicker
Cause bitch I'm bout that life!

[Verse 2: Rick Ross]
In love with the money, infatuated with coupes
Immaculate living, money stack up to my roof
The baddest of women, purse matchin' the boots
That's the half, you don't wanna see what's in that fuckin' bag
Pull it like a flip cam, first you aim it, then you fire
Penthouse smoker, nigga, I can't get no higher
Hella bad heroine in every bag she carry "O."
You niggas ain't getting money, fuck it and carry on
The biggest and the richest, fucking self made
Ricky Rozay and my nigga Kay Slay
Pound of purple green, 2 liter of pink Sprite.
I could flip a brick before a chick can blink twice!

[Hook: T-Pain]

[Verse 3: Nelly]
You know what? You don't like me, I don't give a fuck
Respect is like some money to me, I don't get enough!
Like I ain't put on the hardest city in America
St. Louis, and we ain't scared of ya
King of the drama, see him rollin' with the drama king
Yo Kay Slay, you want lil' momma from your magazine?
You know the one that's got a body like a cartoon
Ass like a whale 'til lil' durrty gotta harpoon
Woo! This stacking racks on racks
Go check my hallways mother fucker, plaques on plaques
These niggas lying a lot, I'm speaking facts on facts
My hotel room's infested durrty, rats on rats

[Hook: T-Pain]

[Verse 4: French Montana]
Looking at a dollar bill, saw the White House
Then I flipped a couple bills, bought a white house
Triple beam on a triple stack, triple back
Going back court like I dribbled back, simple fact
When that drop roller and that top fold up
Bitches going both ways like they're bipolar
Pop the ace Black Jack, ski mask, black mac
Hit the back of your head, turn your fitted to a snapback
Best of the greatest, bought the pussy and paid for maintenance
Waste of money, wack head, the bitch brainless
Word to Kay Slay, you niggas straight stuntin'
I be spending seven digits like it ain't nothin'

[Hook: T-Pain]