[Intro: Young Cash and T-Pain]
Leon County nigga!
(Okay, yeah!)
Duval County, nigga!
(Okay, yeah!)
Let's go!
(Pizzle, yeah!)
Young Cash!
(Nappy Boooooooooy!)
What you wanna do, Pain?
You wanna rap, nigga?
You wanna sing, nigga?
We do it all, shit!
(Hey you can take the auto-tune off)
(I'mma just, I'mma do it like this)
(Okay, let's go)
C'mon!

[Verse 1: T-Pain]
Last name, Pizzle
First name, Teddy
Distributin' that R&B 'caine like Eddie
Due to all these motherfuckers hatin' so heavy
I done got enough bread to buy twenty more Chevies
All these bitches wanna suck my stick, Chick-O
Said I got the game wrapped up, burrito
Niggas hatin', I'll forget about it, Guido
All you do is call 9-1-1, Reno
I'd appreciate it if you didn't fuck with me
Cause I don't fuck with rats and yo' hood is a Chuck E. Cheese
Catch that bitch in that car suckin' these
All the seats down cause she still on her fuckin' knees
Yeah, so you wanna hate on me on Twitter, right?
Y'all niggas is internet G's like a gigabyte
Cause @YoungCash'll get up on that kryptonite
MapQuest your address and run up in your shit tonight
Bitch, alright?

[Hook: T-Pain]
It may not mean nothin' to y'all
But ain't nobody writin' the songs for me
They hatin' cause I'm doin' it all
I can do this shit forever man (ever man, ever man)
And I ain't hesitatin' at all
Cause I got niggas totin' the gun for me
And we can do whatever we want
I can do this shit forever man (ever man, ever man)
(Ever man, ever man)
(Shit, e-e-e-e-e-e-e-ever man, ever man)

[Verse 2: Young Cash]
Last name, Galaxy
First name, Joey
Run up on a gansta, pussy nigga, you don't know me
Call cash a virgin, I never get fucked, boy
Fire on deck and another in the trunk, boy
Dead Presidents in my pocket (plenty)
Got goons in Georgia and all (?)
Guns imported straight from Zamunda (City)
We party, party, party, get wasted (Rémy)
Act like you don't know and I will make you a believer
My mama said my daddy was a G, and I believe her
Both of y'all dogs like a golden retriever
You see the apple don't fall far from the tree, bro
Life, can't complain, but I might go to prison
Pain say he got me, dog, so really I ain't trippin'
Only thing I'm missin' is the money and the women
And still I'mma find a way to fuck me some bitches
J, snitches

[Hook]
It may not mean nothin' to y'all
But ain't nobody writin' the songs for me
They hatin' cause I'm doin' it all
I can do this shit forever man (ever man, ever man)
And I ain't hesitatin' at all
Cause I got niggas totin' the gun for me
And we can do whatever we want
I can do this shit forever man (ever man, ever man)
(Ever man, ever man)
(Shit, e-e-e-e-e-e-e-ever man, ever man)

[Verse 3]
{Alternating between T-Pain and Young Cash every two bars, starting with Young Cash}

Cash in the vert, Pain in the Bugatti
15's in the bike kickin' like karate

Pussies get wet every time I say "shawty"
Chevy tall like a flyin' carpet, Teddy Abu Dhabi

Louis on my feet, Kanye West's
Aim for the head, boy, no need for the vests

Teddy protein, bitch, put it in yo' breakfast
I'm fly as fuck like I was related to the Jetsons

(?), who wanna ride with me?
Nine in my Levis, skinny jeans won't fit me

Everyday my birthday, this young nigga gifted
Seven-figure nigga still reppin' 850

Now I'm at the mall, no money, don't trip
Pain got a car the color Whoopie Goldberg's lips

Plus I got a gun the color of yo' girlfriend tongue-ring
They be like, "Them Nappy Boy niggas is on something, this shit bumping"

[Hook]