[Intro: T-Pain]
This is nappy boy radio, live back with ya boy T-Pain
You already know what it is man
I got something special for the ladies out here
All those Go-Girls out there, I got some brand new, CiCi
Featuring...ME (Haha)
You already know this man, hit us up on the hotline
I'ma play this 14 times
Just hit us up when you wanna hear it again
Nappy boy!

[Verse 1: Ciara + T-Pain]
I-I-I'm the incredible, super sexual, call me CiCi (CiCi)
Let's go and I know that you see me (See me)
Can't be just like me, (and you) can't make that happen
Cause I am the original and you ain't got that swagger
I'm the (sh-sh-sh-sh-sh) and your lady wanna be me
That's a fact, know that, yes indeedy (Get 'em CiCi!)
Sit back, relax, enjoy the show
Yeah, I can hang and I think that's why they call me

[Hook: Ciara + T-Pain]
(Go girl)
Cause I be going on 'em
Ooh they couldn't stop if they wanted to
That's why they call me (Go girl)
I'm the Energizer, Playboy bunny
I keep going and going and you know it
That's why they call me (Go girl)
Please let me know, if you really want mo'
I can take it to the flo'
Sit back, relax, enjoy the show
Call me baby I can be your go Girl

[Verse 2: Ciara + (T-Pain)]
I'll be the metaphor for the high dro, make ya sleepy (Sleepy)
Nasty girl, keep it on the low, it's a secret
I'm moving up, down, 'round and 'round
Do a little trick and then I scrub the ground
You be like "Yeah man
God damn, want it so bad and I really want to meet her"
Sit back, relax, enjoy the show
(One, two, three. Here we go!)
Yeah I can hang and I think that's why they call me

[Hook]

[Verse 3: T-Pain]
Even with a IQ of 42, they say I'm a motha, motha genius
Teddy Pain on that thang, there is no need for a remix
It's CiCi, T.P. we be T-H-E B-E-S-T
I, R-I-P every M.C. on late that's O-M-G
I stop that beat so I can speak one more word of unique lines
If he say he can beat me then obviously he lied
Keep tryin', this one for the Go Girls that won't stop
Them other hoes just ain't that hot, I got yo' back like a tanky top
Now go, go girl

[Hook]

[Verse 4: Ciara]
If you make the traffic stop when you pop, you's a Go Girl
Uh huh huh, then you's a Go Girl
If you a work hard for your money you's a Go Girl
Uh huh huh, you better go girl
Got a couple waitin' on the side, you's a Go Girl
Yeah, I'm talkin' 'bout a Go Girl
Blow his mind and you keep it hood
Like a real live woman should
Shawty you's a Go Girl

[Break: Ciara (Album version)]
It's CiCi and T-Pain
Ima girl go im finna do my thang
It's CiCi and T-Pain (You ain't know?)
Ima girl go im finna do my thang
It's CiCi and T-Pain (T-Pain)
Ima girl go im finna do my thang (You ain't know)
You thought I couldn't freestyle on you, boo? (x2)
Matter of fact, where are my go girls at?
Yeah, go girls. Yeah, you better go girl
I break it down like this right here on the floor
And they be like "Go girl!" haha!
(Sit back, relax, enjoy the show)
Call me baby, I can be your go girl

Or [Hook]