[T-Pain - Intro]
She make me feel so GOOD..
Better than I would by myself or..
If I was with somebody else
You don't understand

She make the people say yeeeeeeea-aah, yeeeeeeeeeeaa-aah

[Verse 1]
Uh, I can put you in a log, cabin.. somewhere in Aspen
Gurl, ain't nuttin to the Pain, ain't trickin
If you got it, what you askin.. forrr?
Put you in a mansion, somewhere in Wis-canson
Like I said, ain't nuttin to the Pain, we can change the last name, what's hap'nin?
Cause you look so GOOOOD, tell me why you wanna work here
I put you on the front page of the King magazine
But you ogn' get yo'self hurt here
Huh, 'ey! Baby, I bought you in the back just to have a conversation
Really thank you need some ventilation
Let's talk about yoooooooooooou, and meeeeeeeeeee

[Chorus 2X]
Oh, I can't believe it!
Ooh, ooh, she all on me, on me
Man, man, I thank she want me, want me
Naw, I, can't leave her lonely, naaaaaw!

[Interlude]
Man you don't understand, she make the people say yeeeeeeea-aah
Yeeeeeeeeeeaa-aah, yeeeeeeeeeeaa-ah
She hit the main stage, she make the people say yeeeeeeea-aah (yeah)
Yeeeeeeeeeeaa-aah (yeah), yeeeeeeeeeeaa-ah

[Verse 2]
I can put you in the condo, all the way up in TOronto
Baby, put you in a fur coat, ridin the Murcielago
I put you in the beach house, right on the edge of Costa Rica
Put one of them lil' flowers in your hair, have you lookin like a fly mamacita - fuego
Cause you look so GOOOOD, you make me wanna spend it all on ya
Get up out this club, slide wit ya boy and we can do what you wanna - yeaaah
Baby, I bought you in the back, cause you need a lil' persuasion
Plus you need a lil' ventilation
Let's talk about yoooooooooooou, and meeeeeeeeeee

[Chorus 2X]

[Interlude]

[Lil Wayne]
She make the people say..
Ah, she make the people say..
T-Wayne, yah!
Now I can put'cho ass out, ohhh keep runnin yo' mouth, hehe
And if yo brothers keep trippin, I'ma show 'em what these teardrops 'bout
Hehe, shawty I was just playin, ohhh but I can take you to the Caymen, Islands
Have you screamin, and hollerin when we makin - love on the beach
The people see what we doin
Aww, they pointin and ooh'in
Ohh, but we gon' keep on doin, it
Like it's just me and you and no one else around
It went down on the balcony
And I ain't talkin no penthouse suite
Shawty like a model out the Penthouse sheets
That's why I got her on my penthouse sheets
And oh I can't believe it..

[Chorus 2X, w/ Lil Wayne singin with him]

[Interlude]