[Intro]
Yeah man, I'll smoke wit'chu, y'knahmsayin?
I'm sayin it ain't nuttin y'knahmsayin
Ain't shit to me y'knahmsayin it's just like
I don't be wantin to get high
Cause that shit be lookin like it be havin niggas y'knahmsayin?
That right there, believe it all, ha ha ha, yeah y'all
Nah man I, I mean, think it's gettin tired though, no joke f'real
What you got on, you got a Swisher? Or, that's a Philly or what?
Oh that's a Swisher okay I mean y'know
Y'know niggas rap about Swishers and shit
They don't believe in at all, ha ha ha ha
Cha-cha-cha-cha-cha-ch'all {*laughing fast*} y'knahmsayin?
I hit it man, roll it and... oh you got one? Aight
Let me hit that shit man

[Styles P]
You can knock, on my door but ain't, nobody home
I might be there, but I'm gone cause I'm stuck off a zone
I'm "Half Baked" like the guy on the couch, I don't get high I'm a grouch
So I puff, on my line and be out
I call my road dog, pick me up with weed, let's hit the road dawg
You blew it with a hood rat, the fuck you break the code for?
God damn I think that I'm high, too much haze
But I, see my ghost pass within the blink of a eye
And them ghetto niggas, know how it feel
I smoke more than a buildin on fire roll more than the wheel
I get stuck like a car in the mud, and blow my greens out
And call my nigga T-Pain to borrow some buds
And then choke, 'til I think I'mma cry, or I think I'mma die
Nah dawg, I just think that I'm high, shhh

[T-Pain]
See I ain't ever smoked befo'
So I'mma take two hits and I'mma blowwww my mind away
I never thought I'd be gettin high today-ay-hey-ayy
Now it's on me again so I take another pull - hooooo!
We in the Cadillac, floatin like the ocean
Suddenly everything was movin in slow motion
So I take another hit, and try to relax
I'm beatin on my chest, CJ beatin on my back
Somebody help me I think I'm 'bout to die
But I got it, I got it, WHOA~!
So I passed the blunt, it came right back to me
But I know that this smoke is still runnin through me
I don't think I'mma ever open my eyes
My homeboy said why? And I said cause

[Hook]
I'm high-iiiiiiigh-iiiiiiiiiigh
Dawg I think that I'm high-iiiiiiigh-iiiiiiiiiigh
Dawg I feel like I'm high-iiiiiiigh-iiiiiiiiiigh
I really think that I'm high-iiiiiiigh-iiiiiiiiiigh

[T-Pain]
Shit, God damn
DAMN~! Please stop by the sto'
Cause my, mouth dry and I done ran out of Ho's
Oh, them Little Debbies got me lickin my chops
But I just, want a drink and Newport shorts in the box
Maybe a Swisher Kaing or three, I seen fine behind
That want to hang with me, long as I bring the weed
I said cool, I'mma ride on through
Thirty minutes later we was getting high in the room
And then I, take another hit, and try to relax
I'm beatin on my chest as God is beatin on my back
Somebody help me I think I'm 'bout to die
But I got it, don't touch me I got it, OHH~!
I passed the blunt and it came right back to me
But I know that this smoke is still runnin through me
I don't think I'mma ever open my eyes
My homegirl said why? And I said that

[Hook] - change last line to "I probably can't sing cause"

[Outro]
{*coughing and breathing hard*}
Weavin y'all
Oh I'm high as fuck dawg