[Intro: T.I.]
(Yeahhh! Yeahhhh!) Ayy, it's for all my cats man
Have you ever been in the club and have a chick run up on you
And kinda tell you to buy her a drink homey?
I mean, it ain't what I can do, it what I will do~!
And attitude is everythang, y'know what I'm sayin?
I mean, a chick who ask for nothin'll get everythang
The chick who ask for everythang'll get nothin
Pain, why don't you talk to these motherfuckin broke bitches for a minute
Would you?

[T-Pain]
You may want a man with some consideration (consideration)
Determination (determination) a lil' conversation (how you doin baby?)
And you might want a man who just ain't straight up nasty (straight up nasty)
From Tallahassee (it's the eight-five-oh) you're far too classy (far too classy)
So you might want a man who's got a job (job) car (car)
Clothes (clothes) jewelry (jewelry) girl that just ain't foolin me to you (no)
Do you (no) think that I'm that easy shawty?
It can't go that breezy shawty, find another dude cause it ain't me

[Hook: T-Pain]
Put you in the Range, buy you expensive thangs
It ain't me, babe, it ain't me, no, it ain't me
No way, no how, uh-uh
It ain't me, babe, it ain't me, no, it ain't me
Ice out all your fingers, take you out and make you famous
It ain't me, babe, it ain't me, no, it ain't me
No way, no how, uh-uh
It ain't me, babe, it ain't me, no, it ain't me

[Akon]
I know you thought you had a sugar daddy plan to treat me like a herb
Take my money cause I'm attracted then kick me off to the curb
Dine in fancy restaurants eating expensive hors d'oeuvres
How I'm gon' let you get it all like that without the big lip girl that's my word
And if you wanna ride, then I just can't let it slide
If you plan to get me for all I got you could start by spendin the night
Otherwise let me see yo' head get small less you're here to make the head get tall
If not go on get lost cause that ain't me (if not go on get lost cause that ain't me)

[Hook]

[T.I.]
Hey, shawty look so good so she think I should throw dough to her like it ain't nothin to it
Get you whatever you like, I could but all I be givin you tonight is just wood
Hood, to my heart I do it, huge and yo' attitude just blew it
So rude that yo' mentality's distortin yo' reality
Actually the more you speak make me think where I'd rather be
I don't care if you hidin me cause I won't sponsor shoppin sprees
It's lots of freaks that I could be showing my generosity to
Boo, stop it please, I ain't that guy, you ain't that fly
Got yo' head up your ass that's why all you ask for is all I deny
I do for you what I decide and I can buy all kinds of things
Go places, spend all kinds of dough, my kindness is no blindness though
T-Pain, where you find this ho? Ha ha, I know what you want me to do

[Hook]