[Intro: R. Kelly]
This is the remix for the club
Ya boy Kells, Pain, and Keyshia
I'm just out here looking for that number one sex
Tell da DJ gon and play that number one sex

[Hook: R. Kelly]
(N-N-Number one) Sex, that we're, having, here, girl, ooh
(This is, this is number one) Sex, that we're, having, here, girl, ooh

[T-Pain]
Can't nobody do it like I do
I'll make you tell em' ain't nobody else doin you
Cause even if they do they not hittin (hittin)
Cause they can't match the love that you gettin (gettin)
But waiiiiit, shorty run it like a marathon
She can't taaake my beautiful bullet
Nooow shorty let me say I'm goin in (yeaaa)
We gon get some BDS's then (yeaaa)
So sit back relax and let me smack that
Imma put my BMI all over your ASCAP shorty
You are now rocking with the best (best, best, best...)
I'll make you forget about the rest (rest, rest, rest...)
When shawty bout to back it up cause we about to do it, I'mma run through it
And I'mma beat that thing all night long, this is number one

[Hook]

[Keyshia Cole]
You know can't nobody do you like I do
Have standing strong at attention can't see to
Baby I salute you, oooh your ridin' baby
I wanna go all night cause your driving me crazy
And no one can compare to you
Like the drop top goes when I'm riding through
It's me and you, you, you
What you wanna do, do, do? Ooh
I called all my friends to let em' know
Who hit da spot and gave me sumthin I can fix
So stay tuned to your radio if you
Wanna dedicate this to your favorite boo
NUMBER ONE~!

[Hook]

[R. Kelly]
Bang bang grand opening
How I step up in da club no delay scopening
Walk up to them girls like "what ya'll drinkining?"
I step up to them niggas like "what ya'll smokining?"
I'm just out there looking for that number one sex
Give me the finger if you got that number one sex
Baby girl I guarantee once I get up in you
I will make that pussy scream to me in auto tune
Yo auntie them would be saying "yo nose, it wide open"
And shit like Kells got dat girl tweakin' cause she be screamin'
"Like Robert, I love you
And my body's calling for you"
And no baby this ain't over
Three hours later turn yo ass over (uh-oh)
I'mma smack it up, rip it up, break it up, then I'm gonna slow it up
Shake it up, beat it up, R&B KELLS SAYIN NUMBER ONE

[Hook]

[Outro: R. Kelly]
I'm just out here looking for that number one sex
Give me the finger if you got that number one sex
I'm just out here looking for that number one sex
Give me the finger if you got that number one sex
Cause last night... I had a dream, 'bout you and me
I had a dream, 'bout you and me; and in this dream
I can't say it naw, I can't say it naw
I can't say it naw, I can't say it - fuck it I'm gonna say
It was you and me, in my bedroom
Hittin it hard like we drank a thousand red bulls
And I was all over yo body, you was all over my body
We was drunk like a mutherfucka, drinkin' all of the Bacardi
Haha... Remix baby!
"Untitled" coming soon!