Chorus 1: [T-Pain]
I wake up early in the morning, Hop up in the (????)
Wave to them haters like, what's up? (Say, What's up?) See, you might have to yell, Cause my music's loud as hell, And I can't hear nothing over my truck
Because I got the speakers going hammer (Bammer Bammer Bammer) Speakers going hammer (Bammer Bammer Bammer) Speakers going hammer (Bammer Bammer Bammer) (Nappy Boy!) Speakers going hammer (Bammer Bammer Bammer)

Verse 1: [T-Pain]
Speakers going hammer, (hammer), bammer, (bammer) boom Red and black Bugatti, vroom, zoom (zoom, zoom), I be rollin' round town makin' noise, With that Chopped n Screwed music (Comin' down on them boys)
Eh eh eh eh eh, I gotta donk And you don't wanna see what's goin' on in that trunk (What's in the trunk?) A couple speakers, and that chopper Make it proper, when them coppers wanna stop her, and unlock her Until they see all them poppers in the backseat (Is them your hoes?) Guess I'm goin' H.A.M (Iz you puttin' that base in they toes?) Bitch, You know I am! (Yes, I am) Stuntin' is a habit Bitch, I gotta have it The parking lot shut down every time I pass it And every time I blast it He check his space White people lookin at me like, Smh So, get your cake up (cake up) And when I pass by yo ass pick your face up Because (I wake up)

Chorus 1: [T-Pain]
I wake up early in the morning, Hop up in the (???) Wave to them haters like, what's up? See, you might have to yell, cause my music's loud as hell, and I can't hear nothing over my truck
Because I got the speakers going hammer (Bammer Bammer Bammer) Speakers going hammer (Bammer Bammer Bammer) Speakers going hammer (Bammer Bammer Bammer) Speakers going hammer (Bammer Bammer Bammer)

Verse 2: [Soulja Boy]
I remember back in the days man I were broke These days Soulja tell em run a hundred spokez No joke, mayne I'm balling out the atmosphere Say you ball harder then me, man get em outta here I gotta my speakers going hamm in my Lamborghini Two door coupe, girl in bikini Passenger seat and she five star she so swagg She so fabolous they way she throw it in the bag Its young Soulja Tell 'em mane I swear I'm popping tags Back then, u could catch me in a poniac These days droptop phantom with a 100 stackz Yeah they buy this album but they want they money back Girls wet like they living in a fish tank I'm getting money man, what the fuck a bitch think Young Soulja got my speakers going MC Hammer Like Rick Ross bitch I think I'm MC Hammer

Chorus 2: [Soulja Boy]
I wake up early in the morning, Round the crack of dawning Wave to my neighbors like wassup (say wassupp) And I'm tatted up, dat bang in my trunk Everybody in ma city show me love Because I got ma speakers going hammer, (Bammer bammer bammer) Speakers going hammer, (speakers going hammer?) Speakers going hammer, (Bammer bammer bammer) Speakers going hammer, (Bpeakers going hammer?)