{*circus music, then applause*}

[Intro]
Hit this shorty man {*inhale*}
I gotta do this shit every night man
I'm so sick of this circus shit
So sick, listen to this, everybody clappin an' shit
This nigga sangin and shit, cause he the ringleader
(Why you say all that shit nigga?)
I'm just sayin, this nigga think he the ringleader an' shit
Fuck that motherfucker!
(I know one thing, if muh'fuckin Pain knew we was out here)
(smokin in his Cadillac right outside the tent, this nigga'd be mad as fuck)
Maaaaaan, man fuck Pain, fuck this clown shit
I can't be a clown (God damn nigga!)
(I'm sayin I gotta do what I gotta do) Fuck that nigga I can't be a clown
(I got kids nigga) Nigga all we perform for is kids, fuck this shit~!
(This what we do nigga)
{HEY!! HEY!! Nigga get your shit together we doin a brand new show tonight}
{You niggas stop smokin in my fuckin Cadillac...}

[T-Pain]
Thr33 Ringz, class clown jump, third time around y'all
If I was just to step in the ring, and out of the box
Would everybody be on my... or will I stop
Say hello to my lil' friend, hey, styles change up like Lil' Kim
Fake, I let my heat swing, T-Pain so active homey
The way the beat bump niggas try to get Proactiv on me (DAAAMN!)
But I done +cleared+ the rumors
E'rything in the open, now you know how big the room is
Tell 'em what the truth, they can't handle it
They thank a nigga's slicker than a mayonnaise sandwich
Uhh, but they be like g-g-g-God damn it, pause!
This nigga pockets fatter than Santa Clause (OHHHHHH~!)
This nigga career big like some granny drawers
Had to get a piano to put his Grammy on
Yeah Ferrari, Bentley, Escalade
Beemer, Bentley Coupe, cut the checks, let's get paid
Fuck a Vette, make it rain, Lamborghini
I don't cover shit up like a transfer-tini
I give a damn if you see me I'mma did what I does
I ain't doin shit wrong like I'm kissin my cousin
I know you wanna hear somethin different
Ain't you tired of his shit!
Ain't you curious about this shit
Even if you picked the shit up from a distance
At least stand still for a second and listen
I'm tellin you now it ain't a thing
I got the bling bling of a rapper but I sing so welcome to Thr33 Ringz!