[Intro]
EPIC RAP BATTLES OF HISTORY!
WONDER WOMAN!
VERSUS!
STEVIE WONDER!
BEGIN!

[Wonder Woman]
Wonder Woman fly, I'm about to tell you why
Princess Diana, but this Lady don't die
My rhymes are signed, sealed, and delivered on time
You're a bald has-been, I'm in my Amazon Prime (Ha!)
I tell you what I say, you bit your style from Ray!
The grin and the shades and the king cobra head sway
Gods made me out of clay, then they broke the mold
I'm like Geena Davis, in a Justice League of my Own (Ow!)
I Just Called to Say that you need to ditch the hair beads
Lookin' like the Predator after some chemotherapy (Ha!)
But don't be scared, I let bats down easy
So you don't gotta worry 'bout a thing, little Stevie


[Stevie Wonder]
I feel like this is the beginning (Ohhh...)
But you have sucked for a few thousand years
I'm a man who comes from a higher ground (Whoo!)
And I'd say DC is a whole step down
I've been spitting out hits since both Fingertips
So use the tip of your fingers and read my lips
Now how you gonna talk about a bat being blind?
You need to echo-relocate to the 4th of July
Because you're Miss Independent, or at least you try
But your first story is you running off with a guy
Now let me tell the truth 'cause I know you got the lasso
You got that wack flow, Sufferin' Sappho!
I'm the ceremony master, blaster with the bars
And I got more Grammys than your panties got stars


[Wonder Woman]
Well, I'm a Woman who wonders what you're thinking
Some of your records make me wish you started drinking
Even if I stick to the best selections
Your YouTube videos raise some vision questions


[Stevie Wonder]
Your ignorant questions could never cause as much pain
As never knowing how stupid you look in your airplane
You're a misguided, C-minus-on-the-Bechdel-Test joke
And my worst song is better than your best TV show


[Wonder Woman]
Look, I don't wanna judge a Talking Book by its cover
But of the vegan buffet, you're a Full Time Lover
And a part-time father, from what I've discovered
Nine different kids with five different mothers


[Stevie Wonder]
You couldn't walk in my shoes, so stick to your reboots
With plots so thin even I could see through
It's not a superstition, I believe you got dissed
Not even your tiara's coming back from this! (Yeah!) Haha!

[Outro]
WHO WON?
WHO'S NEXT?
YOU DECIDE!
EPIC (harmonica sound) RAP BATTLES OF HISTORY!

(Yeah...Yeah...)