[Intro]
EPIC RAP BATTLES OF HISTORY!
BILL NYE!
VERSUS!
SIR ISAAC NEWTON!
BEGIN!

[Sir Isaac Newton]
Of all the scientific minds in history
They put Beaker in a bow tie up against me?
I'm a master, I discovered gravity!
I drop rhymes like they're falling from an apple tree
You're no match for me, you got a bach degree
I got a unit of force named after me!
You want a battle, guy? That's a crazy notion
When I start flowing, I stay in motion
First Law! Did you catch that? Or did it go too fast to detect?
Perhaps it'd be better if I added in a bleep or a bloop or another wacky sound effect
I was born on Christmas, I'm God's gift!
I unlocked the stars that you're dancing with
You waste time debating creationists, while I create the science you explain to kids

[Bill Nye]
Yes, it's true, what I used to do is teach kids science on my PBS show
But now I do what I got to do to make sure scientific thought can grow
And I'm still in my prime, hitting my stride
What'd you do with the back half of your life?
You freaked out, started counting coins for the bank
And you sure didn't have no wife! Oooh!
You wrote the book on gravity, but you couldn't attract no body
Your work on orbits was exemplary, but your circle of friends was shoddy! (Oh!)
You don't wanna mess with the guy, Bill Nye! (Why?)
I rap sharp like a needle in your eye. Oh!
Stick to drinking that Mercury
Cause I hypothesize that you're about to get beat!

[Sir Isaac Newton]
Well, I conclude that your methods are the wackest
You wouldn't even pass in one of my classes!
Every action has an equal and an opposite reaction
Except for when we both start rapping!
I accelerated the mind of mankind to a higher plane of understanding
And I can calculate the weight and the size and the shape of the shadow of the mind you're standing in!
And I will leave you with a page from a book I wrote at half of your age to rebut
The integral sec y dy from zero to one-sixth of pi is log to base e of the square root of three times the sixty-fourth power of what??

[Neil deGrasse Tyson]
Why don't you pick on a brain your own size?
We got a badass over here, plus I got your back, Nye
Astrophysics black guy, Hayden Planetary fly
By the way, the answer to your little calculation is "i"
As in I put the swag back in science
While Isaac Newton was lying and sticking daggers in Leibniz
And hiding up inside his attic on some Harry Potter business
The universe is infinite, but this battle is finished

[Outro]
WHO WON?
WHO'S NEXT?
Y-Y-Y-YOU DECIDE!
EPIC RAP BATTLES OF HISTORYYYY..
EPIC RAP BATTLES OF H..
EPIC RAP BATTLES OF HISTORY!!