[Verse 1: Phife Dawg]
Good mornin', good mornin'
It's about 10 o'clock and I'm just yawnin'
I throw on my gear and the cologne called Stetson
Grab my dough and I'm out like George Jetson
It's a lovely day and I'm geared to go
We have work to do. so I head to the studio
Everything is fine, and everything is cool
We're doing a jam with the Leaders of the New School
Thinking to myself 'this is gonna be rough'
There's about 8 of us, and 8 is enough
Milo, Busta Rhymes, Dinco D, Charlie B
Q-Tip, Jarobi and my man Ali
Writin' rhyme after rhyme and then start to flow
But yo, Charlie B (AAH), what's the scenario?

[Verse 2: Charlie Brown]
I know the scenario
Chap, I rap, superierio
How now brown cow with A Tribe Called Quest
The Leaders of the New School, the LONS, the LONS
Kick the beat, like Peter Pumpernickel
After the lab, I'll go fix me a pickle
Watch the boob tube, and gimme some space
The girlfriend shares and the girlies' underwears
Make me think of all the zones, AAAH, [?]
From radio to the video to Arsenio, tell me, yo
Yo, what's the scenario

[Verse 3: Jarobi]
Two to the three to the four to the skip
Jarobi, Jarobi on the LONS tip
Don't like the pig and I don't like hog
After the show get a squalid dog
Don't grovel like a groupie, by the ill hooptie
Bang it, bang it, that's what suits me
We roll blunts and so, so what? I don't want no flabby butt
FEMININE FATT, FEMININE FATT
Yeah, yeah G, all that
Smoke the hootie mack like a goddamn pro
Yo, yo, G, what's the scenario?

[Hook]
Here we go yo, here we go yo
So what's, so what's, so what's the scenario?
Here we go yo, here we go yo
So what's, so what's, so what's the scenario?

[Verse 4: Busta Rhymes]
Oh oh
Oh my gosh, oh my gosh, hey yo, hey yo
Feel the tricks and the mystic of the flow
Thick like the pie of an onion yuppie
Jarobi got a dog but I got a squalid puppy
The Rumple Busta Rhymes, no need to be braggin'
Loud like a roar from a dungeon dragon
If your tush is small, miss, you're zero
And if your butt cheeks are thick, show me your hero
Who are we? Leaders Leaders of the New School
With an alliance with the Tribe so clean up the jewel
So go suck a lemon, set off the inferno
You're left in suspense, so what's next on the scenario?

[Verse 5: Q-Tip]
What's the scenario as the wind (BLOWS)?
Yo, attention span short so don't (IGNORE)
Hey yo, hey yo
As the door opens, the plot just thickens
Speed agility, that shit quickens
Tip is sticking, sticks to stones
Stones to bones, I got a Jones
As microphones are in my dreams
It swallows me and then I scream
Ooh! Hot damn, I'm swift
Yo and see the top man to get the top spliff
Sit down, ignite with Miss Mary [?]
Yo Mary, yo what's up for tonight?

[Verse 6: Dinco D]
Hey yo, scenario, what does it mean?
Ding dong, the beat has Kong so we must be Kings
Not because we're dirty, not because we clean
But we kiss girls with the big butt jeans
(Meaty bone, meaty bone) One for all
(Meaty bone, meaty bone) Can ya hear the call?
'Cause rings around the rosie with a big fat if
The Tribe brought a vibe then we spark some spit
The spit started sparkin', sound sounded super
Should such a scenario be reserved for the future?
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
That's the idea, now what do you hear?

[Hook]

[Verse 7: Phife]
The second go round it's the Phife from Quest
The one who like the brown skinned girlies with the nice round breasts
You know the rest, oh yes? (Oh yes)
Oh yes, I won't dare stop until my better is best
I'm known for maxin' or relaxin', or just chillin' hard
Find me on Sayers Ave. or Linden Boulevard
Wake up in the morning and I eat the wheat Chex
[?] sex, that's when I get vexed
Step inside the crib with a 6 pack of Beck's
Or just pass the EZ Wider before I break your neck

[Verse 8: Charlie Brown]
Checka one, checka two, checka three, CHECKA FOUR
Mr. Muhammad, give it up some more
AYE AYE AYE, that's how it flows
Soon to boom is Pinocchio
A Future Without A Past
Strong Island is where I took class
A high pitch for the skins one to ten
Charles in Charge, here we go again
Seminars are whack, look at the panel
Same brown time, same brown channel
[?] is phenomenal, yo, AH, AH, AH, what's the scenario?

[Verse 9: Jarobi]
Heyo, pimpin' pumps is real easy
Specially when the ho is real greasy
Don't riff with the raff but the real thing
Don't stutter step but I will sing
Step to ya like a poker poker chip
Now you're off on the mystic MYSTIC
Come on, cutie pie, gimme a sugar hit
Now you wanna be my honey dip
Step to the mic with an ill grin
Countin' six hairs on my chinny chin chin
Mystic man with the ill flow - Busta, bust a scenario

[Verse 10: Busta Rhymes]
Bust it out, before the Busta bust another rhyme
The rhythm's in sync (DEMO CUTS HERE)