(Who's world is this?) 2x

[Verse 1: Nas]
I sip the Dom P, watching Gandhi 'til I'm charged
Writing in my book of rhymes, all the words past the margin
To hold the mic I'm throbbing, mechanical movement
Understandable smooth shit that murderers move with
The thief's theme, play me at night, they won't act right
A fiend of hip-hop, it's got me stuck like a crack pipe
The mind activation, react like I'm facin' time like
'Pappy' Mason with pens I'm embracin'
Wipe the sweat off my dome, spit the phlegm on the streets
And the Nikes on my feet keep my cipher complete
Whether cruising in a Sikh's cab, or Montero Jeep
I can't call it, beats make me falling asleep
I keep falling, but never falling six feet deep
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Take money)
I'm out for dead fucking presidents to represent me

[Hook]
(Whose world is this?)
The world is yours
Disciple of the projects slash verbal murderer
(Whose world is this?)
Yeah, the world is yours
To the philly bluntheads, crack-pumping drug murderers
(Whose world is this?)
The world is yours
To my niggas coming home from lockdown with new plans
(Whose world is this?)
Fuck it, the world is mine
Holding a stolen cop's Glock with G-notes in my hand
(Whose world is this?)

[Verse 2: Nas]
To my man Ill Will, God bless your life
To my peoples throughout Queens, God bless your life
My insight enlights vision
Words of wisdom, niggas pay me intuition to listen
To murder paragraphs of mysticism
Man plant seeds that brings forth multiple breeds
So many cultures on one planet but one culture's free
Son, I need weed to proceed
Change the flow speed and I'm getting vex Giuliani you 6-6-6
There's no days for broke days selling smoke pays
I toke the chocolate potent philles never roach-sprayed
Shit is a hassle, the bridge is like a haunted castle
The mic's my religion, the system is the Devil's lasso
And yo, the trife life is the most influential
Though colors on men's skins and pens is coincidental
How you living, large or broker?
You're wasting time extorting papers from smokers
Catching court papers getting broker

[Hook]
The world is mine
Persona of late Tony Montana yet gettin' mine
(Whose world is this?)
The whole world is mine
Who want it, I never front it, I'm forever blunted, gettin' lye
(Whose world is this?)

Henny up with the lye (La la la)
Never stop, we don't stop (La la la)
The hennylo, puffin' lye y'all (La la la)
Don't stop the hennylo (La la la)
Who puff the lye? (La la la)
Everyday, puff the lye plus the hennylo (La la la)

[Verse 3: Nas]
I'm the young city bandit, hold myself down single-handed
For murder raps, I kick my thoughts alone, get remanded
Born alone, die alone, no crew to keep my crown or throne
I'm deep by sound alone, caved inside a thousand miles from home
I need a new nigga, for this black cloud to follow
'Cause while it's over me it's too dark to see tomorrow
Trying to maintain, flip, fill the clip to the tip
Picturing my peeps not even could make my heartbeat skip
And I'm amped up, they locked the champ up, even my brain's in handcuffs
Headed for Indiana stabbin' bitches like the Phantom
The crew is lampin' Ill Will style
Check the gold-toothed smile, plus I profile wild
Stash through the fly clothes, burnin' dollars to light my stove
Walk the blocks wit a bop
Checking dames plus the games people play
I check the games plus the games people play
Bust the problems of the world today

(Who's world is this?) 5x
(La la la, la la la, la la la la la) (Repeated until end)

[Outro]
Yeah yeah, yeah Wizard, keep that lye in the air
Yo, I wanna give a shout out to the whole fuckin' Queens
My man Tipster on the boards, keepin' it real Lord
The Queensbridge nation, get it on
Fakin' no fuckin' jacks, fuck around and get your wig pushed back
And big shoutout to my man Killa, Ron Du, it's on you
L.E.S. on another murder quest
'94, we out
Keep the lye in the air, Hennessy everywhere
Keep the la la goin'...