[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Uh, we got flowers for the ladies and dick for them hoes
Petunias and daises, black and red rose
Two tone Phantom, black and red rows
That dick make 'em rest in peace, I got a bunch of dead hoes
I got Eastside with me, nigga, we ain’t trippin'
And if a nigga fuck with us then they gon' find you when they’re fishin'
Man, them hoes be on a mission, but girl, I ain’t the uno
Skinny ass jeans, pockets on sumo
Yeah, bitch, I know you see me, I’m so YM, just know I am
I ain’t perfect, Lord knows I sin, two cup, boys, what you know about them?
What it do, girl, I’m serious? Tunechi that’s my alias
And I go down under like Australia, ha

[Chorus: Lil Wayne & Lil Twist]
We got flowers for the ladies and dick for them hoes (yeah, yeah)
Some say the ex make the sex
So I roll up my sleeve and roll up my weed (yeah, yeah)
I’m gettin' money fast and all my hoes up to speed
And I’m like shawty, what your name is? Uh, and who you came with (uh)
You got that fire, I’m just tryna keep your flame lit (uh)
She say she on one, I’m on the same shit
Let’s take our clothes off and do whatever makes sense

[Verse 2: Lil Twist & (Lil Wayne)]
Look, I be in my zone, girl, I’m in my zone (uh)
Man I go so tough, I go Silvester Stalone
I got money in my pocket, I’m a trendin' topic (yeah, yeah)
You’re on the outside lookin' in, window shoppin'
Wait, hold up stop the press, uh, shawty, drop the dress (yeah)
You know it ain’t trickin', if you got it, I’ll investment, man
Everybody ballin', so ain’t nobody trippin' (uh, uh)
I hit her with that twist and now I got her twistin' (uh)

[Chorus: Lil Wayne & Lil Twist]
Fowers for the ladies and dick for them hoes
Some say the ex make the sex
So I roll up my sleeve, I roll up my weed
I’m gettin' money fast and all my hoes up to speed
And I’m like shawty, what your name is? And who you came with (uh)
You got that fire, I’m just tryna keep your flame lit (uh)
She say she on one, yeah, I’m on the same shit (uh)
Let’s take our clothes off and do whatever makes sense

[Verse 3: Chris Brown]
Them'a think all these girls in the club look sexy, black girls, Beckys (yeah, haha)
Hopefully I take ‘em all back to the crib and have a couple of sips and get naked (yeah)
Skinny nigga but I’m flexin', I rock all these rings like wrestlin' (yeah, yeah)
I pin her down, go a couple of rounds and I break the springs when we sexin'
Goin' down, I just want my cash
Girl, your booty donkey, so I might act a ass
In a party I'ma buy the whole bar out, so don’t give me no glass (nah)
Girl, I'ma eat, eat your heart out and I might even lick your ass
Twist, what you doin' with that bottle? You ain’t old enough to drink that yet (nope)
Weezy told me to monitor this party, gon’ have fun, let them girls in this bitch
Yikes, 18 and over, twap twap, game over (yeah)
Party hard, rock and roller, in the jungle, guns and roses

[Chorus: Lil Wayne & Lil Twist]
Yeah, flowers for the ladies and dick for them hoes
Some say the ex make the sex
So I roll up my sleeve, I roll up my weed
I’m gettin' money fast and all my hoes up to speed
And I’m like shawty, what your name is? And who you came with (woo!)
You got that fire, I’m just tryna keep your flame lit (uh!)
She say she on one, I’m on the same shit (woo! Me too)
Let’s take our clothes off and do whatever makes sense (yeah, yeah)

[Outro: Lil Wayne & Lil Twist]
Young Twist, baby
Lil' Tunechi
CB! Breezy, what's poppin'?
Young Mula Baby