[Intro]
Helluva made this beat, baby

[Verse 1: Chris Brown]
Who you think you finna play with?
Who you think you finna run your mouth to and won't say shit?
I'm outchea when it's cold, leave you out there
Them bullets hot, think not, get your mouth chipped
Hella nigga's talk shit but they stand still
Let's take a trip, duct tape, how the van feel?
Hunnid thousand dollar Cartiers, I'ma change shit
Keep playin' with Liu Kang, I'ma kick it to your main bitch
And I've been fuckin' hoes on my bae shit
Come to the crib, I tell 'em go to the spaceship
Red pill, blue pill, we in The Matrix
Take it to the face, better do what I say, bitch
He make it outta here then he a winner
If a nigga try to run then we pull up in Sprinters
We get to bustin' at your bucket, fuck it hit 'cho liver
End of discussion, it's nothing, I eat you pussies for dinner
I got no time, for fake ones, killers on the west side, with them real guns
And if you try to wave the white flag, we gon' still come
"Where you at? Here, nigga!" All this pussy I'ma drill somethin'

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
Why they hate to see a real nigga make it?
I done made a lot of change, now my people's changin'
By myself, I don't need no witness
Can't thank nobody but the Lord 'cause I'm gettin' it
I keep my head up and middle finger to the sky
And living every fuckin' day like it's Mardi Gras
I'ma finesse this shit, win, lose, or draw
You think I work this hard to fuck it off?

[Verse 2: Tee Grizzley, Chris Brown & Both]
Once again, I gotta remind these niggas
Balenciaga, 'member when I couldn't buy these, nigga
Called 'em bricks birds 'cause we really fly these bitches
Tell your mans I know I'm lit, but don't eye me nigga (oh, woah)
I'm solvin' every single problem with a tool
Supersoak a nigga like he jumpin' off the pool
If the feds hit the mansion, we gon' make it to the news
Choppa lift a nigga up, I bet he make it to the moon (pow)
You can tell me and Breezy at the top
They want us to fail, hopin' that we fall but we not
Don't feel bad for what I did to them nigga's block
Can't say what happened, just know I had to get rid of the Glock (oh)
Remember my lick days, couldn't pull a bitch days (oh)
Now I ain't trippin' on none of the bills, that shit paid (ooh woah)
Nigga tried to fake beef with a nigga (that's just hate)
Sneak dissin' me, see me out, jump on my dick, these niggas lame
(Oh, pussy nigga) aye, nigga's terrible, who raised y'all?
Nigga's leeches I can't feed 'em, I can't baby y'all (you need to fuck off)
I'm giving headshots, I ain't 'bout to fade y'all
Bitch you ain't fuckin', bye Felicia, I can't play with y'all (woo)

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
Why they hate to see a real nigga make it?
I done made a lot of change, now my people's changin'
By myself, I don't need no witness
Can't thank nobody but the Lord 'cause I'm gettin' it
I keep my head up and middle finger to the sky
And living every fuckin' day like it's Mardi Gras
I'ma finesse this shit, win, lose, or draw
You think I work this hard to fuck it off?