[Verse 1: Chris Brown & (Jeezy)]
This some shit you can slide to, ride to (yeah, believe that)
Do you what you do every night to, yeah, baby, yeah, baby, aw (ha, ha, yeah, wassup?)
This that shit to get high to, so let's vibe, baby (uh, after the club, wassup?)
When everybody's drunk as fuck, you know what's up, yeah, yeah (you know I'm fucked up, I'm on my way, wassup?)

[Chorus: Chris Brown & (Jeezy)]
Girl, I'm on my way, you know you want it (on my way, what?)
Had a long day, you know you want it (you know you want it, yeah)
Better stay awake, you know you want it (what?)
You know you want it, you know you want it (yeah, yeah)
Don't front, don't front, don't front, don't front (yeah, better not play with me, not at all, baby)
You know you want it (you know you want it)
You know you want what I want (said I want it too)
You know you want it (wasup? You know you want it)
Give it to me, to me, to me, to me, to me (yeah, wassup?)
You know you want it (who better, baby? The one and only)
Give it to me, to me, to me, to me, to me (wassup? 'Cause I wanna give it to you, here we go)
You know you want it (look, let's go)

[Verse 2: Jeezy]
How you want it, girl? I'ma handle that
Got a lot of enemies, yeah, where my hammer at? (Yeah)
Treat you like a nail, girl, I'ma hammer that (what?)
Got the top back and it's all black (that's right)
Must admit, girl, shit, you all that
And a bag of chips, shit, I'm tryna dip (woo!)
Let you chill at the crib, lay in my bed
When we come home and let you play with my head (haha)
You gon' hold me down when them clowns tryna climb
You gon' keep it G when my homies come around (yeah)
Gotta ride shotgun, my drop top 'rari (damn)
Gotta make some phone calls, tell all the bitches, I'm sorry but (yeah)

[Chorus: Chris Brown & (Jeezy)]
Girl, I'm on my way, you know you want it (on my way, what?)
Had a long day, you know you want it (you know you want it, yeah)
Better stay awake, you know you want it (what?)
You know you want it, you know you want it (yeah, yeah)
Don't front, don't front, don't front, don't front, baby (yeah, better not play with me, not at all, baby)
You know you want it (you know you want it)
You know you want what I want (said I want it too)
You know you want it, girl, come on (wasup? You know you want it)
Give it to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, baby (yeah, wassup?)
You know you want it (who better, baby? The one and only)
Give it to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, to me (wassup? 'Cause I wanna give it to you, here we go)
You know you want it, oh (look, let's go)

[Verse 3: Jeezy, Chris Brown & Both]
This ain't an elevator, girl, you really ridin'
This ain't a escalator, girl, you really slidin' (yeah)
This ain't a video, shit, it's real life (yeah)
And the way a nigga live, shit, it's real trice (yeah, yeah)
Put your glasses up, we gon' toast to trust
Now put your glasses up, we gon' toast to us (oh, oh)
Musta blew 10 G's on a 'sace bag (oh, oh)
Shit, might at the mention of a 'sace bag (yeah)
I ain't with that feelings shit, girl, this shit for real (yeah)
You ride with me, I ride with you and girl, we got a deal (got a deal)
No fussin', my pleasure, kick it all day
Soon as I'm done doin' me, shit, I'm on my way (let's go)

[Chorus: Chris Brown & (Jeezy)]
Girl, I'm on my way, you know you want it, I'm on my way, babe (on my way, what?)
Had a long day, a long day, baby, you know you want it (you know you want it, yeah)
Better stay awake, you know you want it (what?)
You know you want it, you know you want it, babe (yeah, yeah)
Don't front, don't front, don't front, don't front (yeah, better not play with me, not at all, baby)
You know you want it, yeah (you know you want it)
You know you want what I want (said I want it too)
You know you want it (wasup? You know you want it)
Give it to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, yeah! (Yeah, wassup?)
You know you want it, leggo! (Who better, baby? The one and only)
Give it to me, to me, to me, to me, to me (wassup? 'Cause I wanna give it to you, here we go)
You know you want it (look, let's go)

[Bridge: Jeezy & Chris Brown]
Top down on the car, you know you want it (brap!)
Yeah, make her feel like a star, you know you want it (brap!)
Yeah, real niggas set the bar, you know you want it
It's the word who we are, you know you want it, you know you want it

[Chorus: Chris Brown & (Jeezy)]
Girl, I'm on my way, you know you want it, hey! (On my way, what?)
Had a long day, you know you want it, yeah! (You know you want it, yeah)
Better stay awake, you know you want it, alright! (What?)
You know you want it, you know you want it, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Don't front, don't front, don't front, don't front, yeah! (Yeah, better not play with me, not at all, baby)
You know you want it, leggo! (You know you want it)
You know you want what I want, what? What? (Said I want it too)
You know you want it (wasup? You know you want it)
Give it to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, hey! Yeah (Yeah, wassup?)
You know you want it (who better, baby? The one and only)
Give it to me, to me, to me, to me, to me, yeah, yeah! (Wassup? 'Cause I wanna give it to you, here we go)
Girl, you know you want it (look, let's go)

[Outro: Chris Brown]
I can tell that you want it
You pullin' on my shirt
And you kissin' all up on me
I'ma go to work like I'm facin' my opponent
Ride it like a pony, pause for a moment, goddamn
God I mean, goddamn
Cash or card? Goddamn
Gonna spend that, goddamn
I mean, no limit