[Verse 1]
You the one always saying, I don't treat you right, babe
Don't wanna go out and dance like we used to
Don't wanna Netflix and chill
Girl, you never in the mood (no)

[Pre-Chorus]
Your phone stay on vibrate
Baby, who the hell calling this late?
Every other day the story changes
If you ain't really gonna love me, baby, I can leave
'Cause I done been hurt, I'm too weak for, how you gon' be mine if he's yours? (Skrrt skrrt)
Baby, you done took a detour, it's fucking me up
Tell the truth if you can't do it, got me out here looking stupid
Tell the truth (tell me), you gave it to him too easily (what the fuck)

[Chorus]
I try to drink away the misery, too drunk, too angry
Gotta come clean to figure it out, she cheated (I know it)
Too drunk, too angry, girl, that's just fucked up I can't believe it
Think you can lie, you gotta pick a side, him or me
Who do you love? Him or me? Gotta be, him him him or me?
Better pick the right one, she cheated, him or me?
Who do you love? She cheated, gotta be me, oh, I know it, better pick the right one
Girl, that shit fucked up I can't believe it, him him him or me

[Verse 2]
When you played with my heart, I heard a melody
Right now I ain't see, puzzles, tryna find the pieces
Everything you said I did, you did to me
With this other guy, no
You know he don't got you like I do (he don't, he don't)
Don't refuse, this gift I got for you, deep down you know I
Guess I didn't give you enough attention (no)
Guess I ain't tagged you enough and tell your business
Don't even lie, we been talked about children
You said you weren't ready and I'm too crazy to have kids
She said I should live in the moment
Told me don't put too much on it
Told me don't put too much on it
Your phone stay on vibrate, what if I? No, no

[Chorus]
Too drunk, too angry, gotta come clean to figure it out, oh
She cheated, I know it (you cheated on me)
Too drunk, too angry, girl, that shit fucked up I can't believe it (too drunk, can't believe it, baby)
Think you can lie? You gotta pick a side, him or me? (Is it him or me?)
Who do you love? Him or me? Him him him or me? (Ooh, gotta be)
Better pick the right one, she cheated, him or me (you did)
Who do you love? She cheated, gotta be, I know it, better pick the right one
Girl, that shit fucked up I can't believe it, him him him or me?