[Intro: Rock City]
Yo, I don't usually like light skinned people
But this motherfucker here so raw
On some real shit though
Rock City, PTFAO, baby
That's our name
You know what, matter of fact
Grafitti, baby
Chris Brown, what up, baby
Who else you know can do it like us, man?
Hold up, Rock City
We got the boy Chris Brown
He ain't singin' no more
You know what?
Who else you know can do it like us, man?

[Verse 1: Chris Brown]
I go by the name of young Chris Breezy
It's hard to see me 'cause I'm fly as a plane and my swag is in 3D
I do this in my sleep, in other words it's really easy
New album comin' soon and I'm callin' it Graffiti
They yellin', "Calm down Chris, please take it easy"
I am takin' it easy but they do not believe me
Is it 'cause I'm gettin' this cash money like Weezy?
Ridin' in my Lambo listenin' to Jeezy?
I gotta Spanish chica, all she wanna do is please me
So shawty got her face right above where my knees be
Super freaky and I call her flavor of love
'Cause she's willin' to do anythin' just to be on the TV
Hot as ever and there's somethin' y'all should know
Told ya that I wasn't playin' so in I go
Have you ever seen me and Rock City's live show?
All I gotta say is PTFAO
But enough about them, now it's back, to me
I'm on my grind every day 'cause I gots to be
I'm on another level, homie and it's sad to see
That I'm killin' it and I ain't even a rapper, B
VA where it all goes down
The home of Cliffs, Missy, Trey Songz and your boy Chris Brown
I gotta represent, homie, for my home town
If you ain't know before, nigga, now you know now
While I'm at it let me wave a Virgin Islands Flag
'Cause if I don't, Rock City's gon' get mad
I'm so fly that even when I'm not on an airplane
Homie, I be still gettin' jet lag

[Interlude: Chris Brown]
Yeah, that's just a little verse, man
I was just havin' fun
But I brought my homies
All the way from the Virgin Islands
What dem say?
We goin' in, let's go

[Verse 2: Rock City]
Fresh off the leash, fresh off the streets
Same timin' so I guess you can say I'm fresh off the beach
If there's 5 best rappers, homie, let's all compete
And if you ain't spittin' crack, step the hell off the beat
Whatever's your favorite song, most likely we wrote it
If you hate me, you love me too and you even know it
My brother in the back yellin', "Please don't do it"
Chris Brown killed it so I'm about to blow it
I'm a serial killer, microphone gorilla
2010 thriller, can't nobody do it iller
I got a new name that you can call me
Instead of dope y'all just refer to me as Mr. One Hell of a Nigga
Who you know do it bigger than me and Chris Brizzle?
The flow so cold like the mic is a popsicle
When I'm done you gon' have to put the mic in the hospital
And I ain't even killed it, okay, maybe a little

[Outro: Rock City]
Hold on, hold on, I'm buggin'
VA up, car keys
House key, apartment keys
The Virgin Islands getaway keys
We a long motherfuckin' way from broke!
I put that on my sons and I put that on my mama
Got my homie Chris Breezy
And before I leave, you know what's up
PTFAO
Rock City
I just like to talk shit
Don;t stop the beat
We told 'em
It's all good though
Y'all better remember where you heard it first
Chris Brown, Rock City
In my best Khaled impression
We the best
Shot out to Drake
Shot out to Trey Songz
Everybody in VA
Right about now