[Intro: Chris Brown]
Who this is?
Who this?
Who this is?
Who this?
Who this is?

[Verse 1: TakeOff & Offset]
Take off [?]
Caught me slippin’, say that I’m trippin’
She started hittin’ these bitches, I told her listen (bam)
You can leave me for another nigga
Tried to keep you, but you wouldn’t listen
Ain’t hard to see I’m with this bitch
But, we came from differences
Offset, she say she don’t roll with a nigga
Got a choppers, light it up Like it’s Christmas
I put my hoe in a Limo
I get this bitch, then I dismissed her
Can't’ trust these bitches, they viscous
Suckin’ dick for a living, no kissing
I’m fucking this bitch in the kitchen
But, somebody walked in my kitchen

[Verse 2: Chris Brown]
Attention, my baby's coming over
I'ma need everyone to go
Take what you need and get to steppin’
No you don't need to wait up
Traffic, I hear it's kinda crazy
More time for me to clean up
She might think theres something shady
Really, seriously you need to hurry up
If you only knew about the way she drive
You would understand, I ain't fucking around
If she come through the front door, you gotta hide
Gotta hide, she be like

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
Who this bitch all up in my house?
Why she hiding behind the couch?
Hold on, no nigga, we don't know nigga, don't get up
Fuck around and I'ma lay you out
And she like who this bitch all up in my house?
Why she hiding behind the couch?
Hold on, no nigga, we don't know nigga, don't get up
Fuck around and I'ma lay you out, she like
Who this? Who this is?
Who this? Who this is?
Who this? Who this is, yeah?
Who this? Who this is, yeah?

[Verse 3: Quavo]
Migos! As soon I was going out
She caught me trippin’ in the house
She got the keys to the door
She caught me smashing on the couch
She ‘bout to put a nigga out
Put a nigga by the house
Saw me and the side chick
So I had to let another bitch in the house
I know she ain’t you
Go, smoke a pound of the reefer (oh)
Do nothing fancy, she lookin’ at my drink (oh)
I pour an 8 in her lean
I got the fire, got a feeling I’m high
I pick up her friend for C.Breezy
She tell her friend that she needy
Fuckin’ hoes like this is easy
I roll you on the floor, just ’Cause I was high (I roll you over)
I was in love by the way she smile
She came to the door,  came from both sides
Before she pull the trigger, what she say?

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
Who this bitch all up in my house? (Who that bitch)
Why she hiding behind the couch? (Please don’t get the knife)
Hold on, no nigga, we don't know nigga, don't get up
Fuck around and I'ma lay you out
Who this? Who this? Who this is?
Who's this bitch all up in my house?
Why she hiding behind the couch?
Hold on, no nigga, we don't know nigga, don't get up
Fuck around and I'ma lay you out, she like
Who this? What’s that bitch name? Who this is? What's her name?
Who this? What’s that bitch name?  Who this is? What's her name?
Who this? What’s that bitch name?  Who this is? What's her name?
Who this? What’s that bitch name?  Who this is? What's her name?

[Verse 3: Chris brown]
Know the record but different me, can't even play like I'm innocent
Every night I fuck a different bitch, I'll admit you the one, ain't many different
You fuckin' niggas for fame, bitches heartin' on my Instagram
I see that look on her face, know she gon' fuck her up, she goin' insane
I'm under pressure, came in this bitch, she gon' leave in a stretcher
I shouldn't have let her, I shoulda known better, she gon' teach me a lesson
She in there workin' with the .45 with the compressor
Don't pull it, don't pull it, don't pull it, blood all over the wall and dresser
And if I had the chance would I save her life?
If I never cheated, she wouldn't have died
I don't see no soul, only hear her cry
Yeah, you really thinking that I'm dead wrong

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
Who this bitch all up in my house? (Oh yeah)
Why she hiding behind the couch? (Couch)
Hold on, no nigga, we don't know nigga, don't get up
Fuck around and I'ma lay you out
And she like who's this bitch all up in my house?
Whats her name? Whats her name?
Why she hiding behind the couch? (Record you both ‘fore you came)
Hold on, no nigga, we don't know nigga, don't get up
Fuck around and I'ma lay you out, she like (lay you out)
Who this? Who this is? (Who this is, yeah?)
Who this? Who this is?
Who this? Who this is, yeah?
Who this? Who this is, yeah?