[Intro: Keith Sweat]
La, la, la, la, la, la, la,la
Yeah, yeah, woah

[Verse 1: Keith Sweat & (Chris Brown)]
Baby, I love  it when you break it, break it down like that (nasty)
Then I smack it and you bring it on back
My love is getting ready (all down your body)
Come on, come and rock steady tonight
Baby, yeah, yeah, yeah
Doing it just the way that I like
Yeah-ah-ah
Baby, your love, your love is good to me
(You quench my thirst, babe, no) What you want, I got it
Come and get it (oh, oh)
I'm about to lay, to lay, to lay your body down
You can scream as loud as you want, ain't nobody 'round
But me and you, who can love you like me, baby?

[Chorus: Chris Brown & Keith Sweat]
Tell me who gon' love you like me? Nobody
Who gon' touch you like me? Nobody baby
Who's gonna fuck you like Breezy? Nobody oh, oh, oh
Nobody yeah, say oh, you make me say oh
You make me say baby, oh, oh, oh, oh

[Verse 2: Chris Brown]
Climb up on my mountain, oh 'til I reach your valley
Damn your walls they fit like a glove, 'til you rain on me, yeah
Sending us in slow grind, feels so good I make her wanna cry
I'mma grab your waist and pick that ass up and make you lose control

[Pre-Chorus: Chris Brown]
I'm taking your lace panties off you, gripping your thighs, oh no
It's gon' be the greatest sex you ever had in your life

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
Tell me who gon' love you like me? Nobody
Who gon' touch you like me? Nobody baby
Who's gonna fuck you like Breezy? Nobody
Nobody yeah, say oh, you make me say oh

[Verse 3: Chris Brown]
I'm the type of nigga fuck up your life once I get in the pussy
'Cause I hang with them killers that really be shootin'
You don't answer my call, I'ma hop out them bushes
And I creep to your window like, "Fuck is you doin'?"
I'm feeling like a stalker, girl, you know I'm crazy, that pussy amazing
I dive in your waters, let me get you 'til the morning
I say you be poppin' your pussy, you tell me you innocent
I know when I see friends with benefits
You know my Cartier frames got limo tints
But I can see through the attitude and silly shit
Girl, no don't do that no more, took her out the car, right on the hood
We was fuckin' like animals, yeah

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
Tell me who gon' love you like me? Nobody
Who gon' touch you like me? Nobody baby
Who's gonna fuck you like Breezy? Nobody
Nobody yeah, say oh, you make me say oh