[Hook]
Is there a Heaven for G?
A place where the criminals and drug dealers meet?
A spot for the ones who did wrong, so tell me when I'm gone
Is there a Heaven for a G?
Now listen to me, is there a Heaven for a G?
A place where the criminals and drug dealers meet?
A spot for the ones who did wrong, so tell me when I'm gone
Is there a Heaven for a G?

[Verse 1]
Is there a Heaven for a G?
A ghetto in the sky, tell me where it be
Please anybody will you tell me what you know?
Cause after they die where do gun slingers go?
Visions of a Heaven got me picturin' the cloud
Now I don't even know if any crooks are allowed
Did a lot of dirt, did a lot of things foul
So do I got the right to still say I'm God's child?
Damn! Oh, my Lord, forgive me for saying this
But I need to know, is Heaven just a waitin' list?
Can I really go? Is it wearin' like a club
And they say I can't get in cause I'm dressed like a thug
No love outside, knockin' on Heaven's door
Standin' next to the thieves and the whores
People still poor, AIDS and welfare
That's Hell there, is there a Heaven where

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Yeah I'm thinkin' 'bout my friends, I miss 'em all, Hell yeah
So I talk to 'em, I'll see y'all when I see there
If you hear me, then tell me what it feels like
Is it paradise, what this God look like?
Is he cool, is he mean, is he nice?
Is he tall, is he black, is he white?
I ain't playin', I'm just tryna understand
Nobody never said is God a woman or a man
What about the inmates, what about the OGs?
What about the gang bangers, what about the dope fiends?
If it's hell on Earth, what can Heaven be?
What happens if you got a couple felonies?
I already know, I'm ready when I die
I'ma go to Heaven all fucked up and high
Look up in the sky, me with a cellphone
Just in case Heaven like jail, I'ma call home

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Is there Heaven for G?
A place where we go and remind us of the street
A spot where we don't have to run from police
And we don't feel pain, we ain't blind, we can see
Somebody really tell me, is it life after death?
'Cause I can picture [?] in the flesh
Thinkin' to myself, I don't have no homies left
Feels like I'm the last real nigga left
Wow, ridin' in a GT thinking about Curtis
Damn, been so many years since his murder
What happens to a killer who then gets murdered?
Does he go to Hell, or does he deserve to
Walk through the gates, live in God's kingdom?
Do you got a place for a crack dealin' kingpin?
Tell me, is it Heaven for a G
If it is, please save a spot for me!

[Hook]