[Chorus]

I always been a piece of shit (piece of shit)
Lived on the street 'till they thieved for my shit
Had to scheme [?] to get rich
Deceitful, so I treated a bitch
I always been a piece of shit
No wonder, had to grind the whole summer
Sleep, shit I ran the streets 'till that sun-up
Sin cause the nine to five was no come-up
I always been a piece of shit (piece of shit)
Lived on the street 'till they thieved for my shit
Had to scheme [?] to get rich
Deceitful, so I treated a bitch
I always been a piece of shit
No wonder, had to grind the whole summer
Sleep, shit I ran the streets 'till that sun-up
Sin cause the nine to five was no come-up
I always been a piece of shit

[Verse 1: ?]

I don't fuck around, I got dough to make
My time, money, got none to waste
They hated on me, now they eating shit
Remember who made it, the same old piece of shit
Had me tamed, now I got up off the leash and shit
I'm ready for blood, don't come at me with peace and shit
Say you a killer, nobody's fucking mean legit
You added the press and then cutting out the seams and shit
Fuck is that?
Bust and we bustin' back
Keep it hunnid, you be lying, no thundercap
Bitch I keep that loud like a thunderclap
And my niggas move loads like laundromats
Never on safety
[?] them papers
Running my home and I'm leaving you stankin'
Trust no one, fuck trynna be friendly, hard body motivated by the ones that's hatin'
Grinding 'till I make it to the top, you will never get respect when you trynna be somethin' that you not

[Verse 2: ?]

And you pumpin' on the block
But you always out here running from the cops
Getting caught, and you bumping comes a lot
I gotta hate it, nowadays it got me so frustrated cause these young-ins out here fakin' killin' people over nothin'
Got the heroin poke, they carry the coke, their parents ain't carin' they [?] lead to sharin' the dope
I had to hustle hard, built a life off the [?]
And it's been so cut-throat
I've seen the struggle part, killed the mic when I bust flows
And I've been so cut-throat
I'm swingin' my fists, hit or miss if they rush us
Middle finger like, "fuck ya"
For the T I hold it down, give my life for my brothers
So who the fuck am I to judge ya?

[Chorus]

[Verse 3: ?]

I always been a piece of feces
A different species
And these motherfuckers won't let me be G's
And BGs try to act like they earned their stripes, but these motherfuckers can never believe these things I've seen
Pops was a G, mom's a fiend
'Member when you told me I was nothing? I'mma follow my dreams, and prove these motherfuckers wrong
Came to slaughter the scene, indulge in the beat
Flogger of peeps, could never be involved as a team
Called it a thing, now people just don't know
It's called loyalty
But I'm Obama in pajamas, since they all wanna sleep

[Verse 4: ?]

I gotta couple freak bitches, but they know I'm a creep
And I don't ever come around until the end of the week
And they don't ever get a word in 'less I tell 'em to speak
I'm from the east and I treat bitches like I'm a beast
I always thought I was the shit, but at least I'm a piece
Yeah, I'm a piece of shit
I smoke sweets and shit
I played video-games for three weeks and shit
And if the drought hit, I ain't gonna have rent money
Yeah, it's funny how I always break the lease and split
Ease my mind when she squeeze my dick
I treat her like a dog, you should see this shit
I'm a fecal prick, I got no excuse, but just to bust her loose because it seemed legit

[Chorus]