[Radio Host]
Welcome back to pussy nigga radio
Less music more talk, and right now
We wanna take a few calls
We wanna know if you know a pussy nigga
You met a pussy nigga or you are a pussy nigga
Call up right now I’m your host Mr Bengie Bling Bling
And we gonna get right to the calls
Call right up 1-800-PUSSY-NIGGA-RADIO
Call on one

[Caller 1]
Hey Bengie Bling Bling, this is Tony from Queens
Listen, I met this guy man, he always getting at this chick
Now I want this chick bad I mean this bitch is finer than a motherfucker
But everytime I try to get at her, he always on her
Now this guy got a wife, he got a kid, he got a son bitch
What the fuck is up? why you so selfish man?
I just want this bitch but she ain’t tryna give me no ring cause she fucking with him
He always in the way
Man I think I’m just gonna tell this bitch that this nigga got a wife and kids man
Whatchu think I should do?

[Radio Host & Caller 1]
Man, I think you should find the tallest building
Uh huh…
The tallest building that you can find
Tallest one
And jump straight the fuck off nigga
What?
*phone slams down*
Next caller

[Caller 2]
Hello, um, Bengie this is Shanequia from Flatbush (yea)
I got a nigga and on Instagram we be flexing ah uh (uh huh)
But like, I be seeing the money, like I think he be borrowing his niggas money
I be going in his pocket and like he won't even have money
And he be like, “oh I ain’t get payed yet” like
You just posted a picture with like 10 bands 2 hours ago
And the he gone tell me, oh he got a car
Ah ah, he be taking pictures in it
How you never be driving me nowhere?
Where the fuck the keys at?
Do you have insurance? I don’t understand?
I be all out of pussy nigga problems
Please Bengie please, I don’t know what’s going on

[Radio Host]
You most definitely got a pussy nigga with a problem
So what we gonna do, we gonna put you on hold Ms. Sheniqua from Flatbush
Aye Ricky can you put her on hold?
So we can get back to set her up with a real ass nigga
So she ain’t gotta deal with these superfly bum ass niggas
Next caller

[Caller 3]
Hey hey Bengie
Yo this James man, James from the Bronx (uh huh)
Man I took my old lady out man, I was in the VIP room and everything
You know we all dressed up nice
So you know man I went and got a table
I poured a couple of bottles
But there was some dudes from Brooklyn man sitting across from me man
They ordered like 20 bottles
So one of the cats I see him eyeing my old lady
So you know, you know I ain’t say nothing he keep eyeing my old lady
Next thing you know he sends his man over to come get her
And the bitch left and went to his table
What do I do about that man Bengie?

[Radio Host]
Hey man, one thing for certain two things for sure
You ain’t like me nigga
You got, pussy nigga problems