[Verse 1: Maino]
First the Fat Boys break up, then Dipset makeup
Niggas got a problem with Hov
15 years later, are we greater? Couple mill, skyscrapers
And people still waiting for Hov?
New York got soft, niggas say they unity is lost
The critics pointing fingers, is it 50 Cent fault?
That we on a down slope, what happened to the east coast?
Do we blame it on the music? Should we blame Ebro?
The OG's looking for that 90's rap era
But these young kids screaming them Young Money letters
What a nigga supposed to do? I don't have the slightest clue
When you trying to keep it real but being real ain't really cool
Want the truth to be exposed, I don't judge a man's clothes
But these niggas wearing skirts and you tell me that it's dope
I ain't hatin, I'm just saying, I'm just speaking how I feel
Ex con, off of rap, I done touched a couple mill
Man this shit is getting crazy, it'll make you go bananas
But New York got a playlist look exactly like Atlanta's
I tried to mind my business but they pushed me to the edge and shit
Heard a New York nigga say New York was irrelevant!

[Hook x2]
What happened to my city man?
What happened to my city man?
What happened to my city?
Nobody give a fuck because ain't no love up in my city, no

[Verse 2: Maino]
Guess I'm caught up in my feelings
'Cus I just can't just sit and watch these niggas crush our buildings
I'm so confused, at times I thought -- what should be my mission?
'Cus I just gave up my girl for a stripper that's religious
Hope the DJ's play my record
Yeah, he gon' play my record
If I rap like this and rap like that
He gon' pay attention
When I cook it, cook it, bake it, bake it
Cut it, cut it, swag it, swag it
Twerk, twerk, work, work
He gon' play it, he gon' play it
When rappers and the shawty get they passes from the folk
When they come to New York City they do anything they want
How I'm supposed to move? What the fuck would Biggie do?
Should I confiscate they change? Should I make these niggas food?
Man I'm thinking to myself, it ain't them, it is us
Cause we destroyed each other, we don't support us
We supposed to be the team but we not, we look sweet
So why you think these niggas feel free to claim King?
And I know they gon try to mix it up and say I'm angry
But I've been riding foreign, since I'm 9 I get plenty
Just sayin what these niggas scared to say but it's how they feel
Niggas in my city scared to say but this how they feel
Dreams of Stacked Bundles, dying for this shit
I called up Kiss, he said he tired of this shit

[Interlude: Maino]
Call me up for real nigga
See what I got to say about this
Ayo Kiss!

[Verse 3: Jadakiss]
Yeah, we was playing chess, now these niggas playing cards
It's a shame, because the strippers is the new A&Rs
Like what happened to my city? Like what happened to the bars?
Get yo self a Rollie and you automatically a star
Shoot a couple cheap videos, get on a couple blogs
Once you get the smoke and mirrors you can blend in with the fog
Yo can get yo self a deal, you can get yo self a date
Get a beat from Mike Will, get a hook and verse from Drake
Probably both be on my album so don't try to call it hate
I just call it how it is 'cus I'm the opposite of fake
Word to Hot 97, word to Power 105
Very seldom will you hear anybody from NY
They was used to breaking records, now they chasing records
If they can't bounce to it ain't no need to make the records
Wait a second, I thought this was the Mecca
Home of the 1-2, mic checka
Rapping different, dressing different
Born and raised here but you repping different
What happened? Damn

[Outro]
What happened?
What happened to my city nigga?
I knew we was out of pocket man when the DJ told me, he said listen my nigga
You gave it to him first
So if I play it, I'mma look like a dick rider.I said what, nigga what?
Then another nigga told me
I got you homie
But I can't play yo shit before I play mines
I'm CMA, is you the artist?
That's not all my brother, I'm tryin to fight nigga
We all need to look in the mirror my nigga
Yes I said it homie
For real, it's everybody fault
Real talk man
Fore we get on some bullshit
You start sellin lies and some of you savage niggas
Ain't ahead if you got