[Intro: 2Pac]
As the world turns…
As the world turns my niggas grow and grow and grow
And get dough and roll and ride
Niggas die and mommas cry
Niggas got alibis and suicides and homicides
And three strikes and yo' life and my life and times change
And niggas fame, as the world turns…

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Though I walk through the valley of Hell the shadow follows me
Wisdom hard to swallow tomorrow, expect apologies
You probably panic, stranded in search of a better planet
Realism hard to understand, we stand slanted
And still stranded. Merciless thieves stole the best of me
I pray to black Jesus to please take the rest of me
And still, the best of us build and reach monetary gains
Some of us kill, but still, most of us can change
If we search deeper
God bless the hustler, curse the first sleeper
Enemies get beside me, flows go deep as Poseidon
When we ride, plots keep all my enemies blinded
Time will soon show, a thought can last for years
Outshinin' your fake smiles, plastic tears
Like last year, niggas stuck in the past, and it's clear
Just some busta ass bastards allergic to cash this year
Makaveli for the mob, M.O.B
Killin' busters is my motherfuckin' job, him or me
Lyrically fatally driven, niggas reported missin'
My competition dead or in prison, as the world turns

[Hook: Darryl 'Big D' Harper & (2Pac)]
As the world keeps turnin' round and round
It's gon' be goin' round as the world turns, and steady turnin'
(Turns, turns, turns, turns and turns
My niggas grow and grow and grow
And gettin' dough and dough and dough
From this state to that state
From this cell to that cell, as the world turns)

[Verse 2: Young Noble]
As the world turn, burnin' paths, starin' through my rearview
It's a war goin' on, and the President is here too
I hear 2Pac sayin', "Watch 'em, they'll kill you."
Sippin Thug Passion, scrub actin' like he feel you
Steady plottin', ready or not; Outlawz lost but not forgotten
From Gittere to Compton, a spitter of the hotness
Long time[?], since like six I ain't never been rich
I need cream to buy Ellene a dream house
She no longer fiend out y'all, Outlaw!

[Verse 3: Napoleon]
Another lonely nigga with a 12-gauge pump, with a 12-hour rush to run and get this money, fuck these punks!
Road rules, I swim in the dirt, I stay in some skirt
I hit where it hurts, I ride or die for my turf
I ride or die for Makaveli, the legendary war thug nigga
Kadafi better unslug this nigga, Seike betta undrug this nigga
Out of the buildin', we street children with no souls
Our hearts gon' stay cold, the war gon' stay on
We serve 'em, like 'Pac told us to, catch 'em wreck with the TEC
Hit 'em in the neck and watch him die like he supposed to
Napoleon: the front line soldier, front times over
Rider for the mighty dollar, rather drunk than sober
Nigga talkin' thug walkin' all through yo' squad
Y'all niggas scared by a dog, I got my 44 for y'all
It's like a hot-heated day, homie
Warfare, don't play, homie, better be prepared
Then try to duck away from these strays, homie
Worlds turn, things burn, all in one shot. Rest in peace to the fallen soldiers, all that we got, as the world turns…

[Hook: Darryl 'Big D' Harper & (2Pac)]
As the world keeps turnin' round and round
(And my niggas roll and ride, hahaha)
It's gon' be goin' round as the world turns… and steady turnin'
(Niggas gettin' swoll out, and it don't stop and it don't quit
That real shit!) (real shit)
As the world keeps turnin' round and round
(How many you niggas try for this? )
It's gon' be goin' round as the world turns (as the world turns)
(Murderin' methods.. haha, OUTLAW!)

[Verse 4: E.D.I. Amin]
Only haters caught feelings when my homie caught millions
And acquired the desired status of boss livin'
We cross driven, cornered into a life that's hellish
Payin' our dues with bloodshed, ain't shit y'all could tell us
Fellas – mount up, it's time for battle, it's on now
Two worlds collidin', armies ridin', soldiers gone wild
Sometimes I think my glory days was back in my youth
I sought too for family, but I got it lost in these ounces
Now, as the world turns court adjourns, I'm sentenced to burn
The cost of my sins too much, nothin' left to earn

[Verse 5: Kadafi]
October 9th 1977 first day out my baby carriage
Married my MAC-11 hit the block playin'
Only five years up in this bitch, papa runnin' from the feds
Puttin' peanut butter on the walls to hide his prints
Me on my own, not yet grown, but only man of the home
To protect my zone in these streets I roam
Dough on d-low, downin' straight shots of Cristal Brothers
100 dollar snot box on cee-lo, fuck eighth
I need a kilo, got a plot, move my block down state
Got the drop on the spot, movin' pounds of weight
Fuck my fate and lots of loot to burn, a hustler's yearn
For this dirty money earned as this crooked world turns

[Overlapped Hook: Darryl 'Big D' Harper]
As the world keeps turnin' round and round
It's gon' be goin' round as the world turns… and steady turnin'
As the world keeps turnin' round and round
It's gon' be goin' round as the world turns…
As the world keeps turnin' round and round
It's gon' be goin' round as the world turns...
As the world keeps turnin' round and round
It's gon' be goin' round as the world turns… and steady turnin'
As the world keeps turnin' round and round
As the world keeps turnin' round and round
As the world keeps turnin' round and round

[Collision: 2Pac & Napolean]
Hahaha… as the world turns…
And turns and turns and turns… haha. This for the soldiers out there involved in the everyday struggle
Hopin' to bubble, keep on hustlin', as the world turns
Money come and go, hoes come and go, foes come and go, friends come and go… my soldiers stay eternal
Outlaw Immortalz, dedicated
I send this to black Jesus, only he can feed us
When you need us, as the world turns
Throw this shit in the deck, hahah
Niggas gettin chin checked
From the East to the West, best to wear a vest
Nigga we ain't the ones to test, fuck you!
As the world turns… Outlaw ridahs, Mutah right beside us
Camillion, wanna make a million
Haha legit, as the world turns, haha… burn, baby, burn

(A lot of niggas get burned as the world turns
A lot of niggas gettin' burned as the world turns
Gettin' burned as the world turns)