[Stormey]
Every day in life, we're presented with different roads to travel, you know?
Choices to make
At the end of the day, well, you'll figure it out

[Hook: Malachi]
How do I get by with blocks in the road?
And how did I get here at the fork in the road?
The choices I'm going by, the world is so cold
Will I be here to ever see my baby ___ grow

[Verse 1: Stormey]
Yeah, time tickin'
It's my ambition as a soldier
And my intention bring the ghetto gospels [?] to the masses so pay attention
[?] better thangs in life, it's a fight
It's a struggle just to live in life, and what's right
But I'm a hustler motherfucker, ten toes in the dirt
And I'm'a grind for what it's worth, until i'm layin' in the dirt
Put in work, to get my profit, I still hostage on the come up
So I keep my eyes open, keep my focus and my gun up
I got too much to lose, to much of you
To be concerned about you haters, niggas leave that to you
Niggas ain't got a clue so I'm ask what I ask for
God got my back, and that's all  that I'm ask for
Raised by the block, and the folks are old
They allways told me at a time, I'd come to forks in the road
I was raised by the block, and the folks are old
They always told me at a time, I'd come to forks in the road

[Hook: Malachi]
How do I get by with blocks in the road?
And how did I get here at the fork in the road?
The choices I'm going by, the world is so cold
Will I be here to ever see my baby ___ grow?

[Verse 2: Young Noble]
I live my life as an outlaw, niggas I'm [?]
From the looks of me, you wouldn't know what I've been through
I done seen it all, if I ain't do it, I would still involve
Knowing I'm'a answer for that, when the lord call
Tryin' to see them all, while I polish my gun
No baby mama new boyfriend raising my son
These young niggas comin' up, now they're worse than we was
If ain't no money splittin' up, tell 'em to ease up
Let's get rich and then kick it, I'll be in it
Matter fact scratch that, nigga I'm still in it
So don't consider this a rhyme, consider it life
To live with the verdict, the sentence is life
Me and my niggas tryin' to finish the fight, must complete the mission
We trying to give them what the streets is missing
That real talk so the streets ll listen
Ask Malachi
I'd rather die than lose hope my nigga, we hopeless nigga

[Hook: Malachi]
How do I get by with blocks in the road?
And how did I get here at the fork in the road?
The choices I'm going by, the world is so cold
Will I be here to ever see my baby ___ grow?

[Verse 3: Kastro]
I was only 16, young nigga wantin' creamy things
28 now just to see things change
But I'm a player and I'm playin' my part
Knowin' this movie ain't mine, it's gods and he's a star
And it's a wonder how I made it this far
A million miles over in the speed of a fast car
So many choices, Why, so many choices
It's hell up in my head, I hear the devil and his voices
I'm stunm, I'm a bum I'm nothin', suicide get a gun, pull the button
Nah, that ain't me, nah, I'm god's baby
But times are kinda hard, livin' gettin' to my lately
I believe even though I ain't let 'em
My days are gettin' better, but only if I let 'em
So here I stand at this fork in the road
Gotta decide which way I'm'a go

[Hook: Malachi]
How do I get by with blocks in the road?
And how did I get here at the fork in the road?
The choices I'm going, by the world is so cold
Will I be here to ever see my baby ... grow

[Hook: Malachi]
How do I get by with blocks in the road?
And how did I get here at the fork in the road?
The choices I'm going by, the world is so cold
Will I be here to ever see my baby ... grow?

[Stormey]
When you wanna cry
There's a million and one things that'll throw you of the path
But you got to stay focussed