[Intro: 2Pac]
My letter to the President
Tell me what to do, these niggas actin' up
In the hood Send mo' troops
Dear President
Tell me what to do, these niggas actin' up
In the hood Send mo' troops

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Why should I lie, when I can dramatize?
Niggas fell victim to my lyrics, now traumatized
Simply by spittin' I’ve been blessed given riches, enemies suspicious
'Cause I’m seldom in the company of bitches
Plus the concepts I depict, so visual, that you can kiss
Each and every trick or bitch, inside the shit I kick
My heaviest verse’ll move a mountain
Casualties in mass amounts, brothers keep countin'
Fuck the friendships, I ride alone
Destination Death Row, finally found a home
Plus all my homies wanna die, call it euthanasia
Dear Lord, look how sick this ghetto made us, sincerely
Yours I’m a thug, the product of a broken home
Everybody’s doped up, nigga what you smokin' on?
Figure if we high they can train us
But then America fucked up and blamed us
I guess it’s 'cause we black that we targets
My only fear is God, I spit that hard shit
In case you don’t know, I let my pump go
Get ride for Mutulu like I ride for Geronimo
Down to die, for everything I represent
Meant every word, in my letter to the President

[Hook: 2Pac]
Dear Mr. President, tell me what to do
These niggas actin' up in the hood, send mo’ troops
Dear Mr. President, tell me what to do
These niggas actin' up in the hood, send mo’ troops

[Verse 2: E.D.I. Amin & Kastro]
Oh you's a baller in the White House
I hope you comfortable 'cause yo' I spend my nights out, with the lights out
Under the safety of darkness
Amongst the crazed and the heartless
And young soul bros
And a Mr. cobra contest
With all these problems my world
Spendin' this drama on earl
My President never seen senate with pleasure like
Whatever momma tell me she hit it
No not the lottery shit
Meanin' she do what I ain't do
Break her off before I did
Slip deep into the mind of a loner
My foes say fuck him, he’s a goner
But it ain't no shorts up on these corners
On a mission
Listen, let’s ease my guard with precision
Personally my decision
When I realized this ain't livin'
How you really ain't know
How this ghetto life go
For me and all my homies, when our enemies bone
You got the C.I.A
And we got our A.K
For protection, in our section
In the felony days
To the President, (Ha ha)

[Verse 3: Mussolini]
( Check it )
Mr. President I represent the ghetto
Tell your wife hello, I got to go
I be brief with this pedigree
Niggas is locked and said blocks on Penitentiary life
More niggas in jail than baptized
For centuries minority families how you stay lackin'
Homeless shelters over-crowded and you still taxin'
Homies dyin' out who got the clout, not me
You get more time for five grams, than a half a key
Black poppin' rocks, and whites on the potty rhyme
And why don’t test mine, rather die than let you see me cry
Across the border ask the lord to put somebody in your seat that cares
How can we stay in this world we supposed to share
Democrats, Republicans scum me to the concrete
No education inflation's covered by white sheets
Try to ball legally conspiracy surrounds me
So I’m a outlaw from now until eternity
Forever Mussolini

[Hook: 2Pac]
Dear Mr. President, tell me what to do
These niggas actin' up in the hood, send mo' troops
Dear Mr. President, tell me what to do
These niggas actin' up in the hood, send mo' troops
Dear Mr. President, tell me what to do
These niggas, actin' up

[Verse 4: 2Pac]
Heavenly Father may I holla at you briefly
I wanna meet the President, but will he meet me?
He’s scared to look inside the eyes of a Thug Nigga
We tired of bein' scapegoats for this capitalistic drug dealin'
How hypocritical is Liberty?
That blind bitch ain’t never did shit for me
My history, full of casket and scars
My own black nation at war, whole family behind bars
And they wonder why we scarred, thirteen lookin' hard
Sister had a baby as an adolescent, where was God?
Somewhere in the middle of my mind
Is a nigga on the tightrope, screamin' let him die
Can’t lie I’m a thug, drownin' in my own blood
Lookin for the reason that my momma’s strung out on drugs
Down to die, for everything I represent
Meant every word, in my letter to the President

[Verse 5: Mussolini]
Blacks is broke, think it’s a joke that we livin' low?
Y’all sniffin' blow and postin' what they hittin' fo’?
Tell the secretary it’s necessary we get paid
Look what you made, little kids gettin' sprayed
Day after day, and night after night
Battles and wars to the daylight
We might change and rearrange if you do somethin'
'Til then we gonna keep it comin', Mr. President
And I meant every word in my letter to the President

[Ad-libs: 2Pac]
Hehe
Word motherfuckin' life
Fuck this nigga think?
Cuttin' taxes, takin' off welfare
We 'sposed to just sit here, go broke and die, starvin'?
Motherfuckers crazier than a motherfuckin' scout
Nigga this Thug Life, Westside Outlaw Immortalz nigga
We fin' to hustle 'til we come up

[Hook: 2Pac]
Dear Mr. President, tell me what to do
These niggas actin' up in the hood, (send mo’ troops)
Dear Mr. President, tell me what to do
These niggas actin' up in the hood, (send mo’ troops)
Dear Mr. President, tell me what to do
These niggas actin' up in the hood, (send mo’ troops)
Dear Mr. President, tell me what to do
These niggas actin' up in the hood, (send mo’ troops)

[Overlapped  Hook: 2Pac]
(Dear Mr. President) niggas actin' up in the hood, (send mo’ troops)
Dear Mr. President is here
Niggas actin' up in the hood, (send mo’ troops)
Dear Mr. President
Niggas actin' up in the hood, (send mo’ troops)
Dear Mr. President
These niggas actin' up in the hood, (send mo’ troops)
Dear Mr. President
Niggas actin' up in the hood, (send mo’ troops)
Dear Mr. President
These niggas actin' up in the hood, (send mo’ troops).. Outlaw
These niggas actin' up in the hood, (send mo’ troops).. Outlaw!!
Niggas actin' up in the hood, (send mo’ troops).. Outlaw!!
Niggas actin' up in the hood, (send mo’ troops).. Outlaw!!
Niggas actin' up in the hood, (send mo’ troops).. Outlaw
Niggas actin' up in the hood, send mo’ troops

[Collision: 2Pac]
Dear Mr. Clinton… it's gettin' harder and harder for a motherfucker to make a dollar in these here streets
I mean shit, I hear you screamin' peace
But we can't find peace
'Til my little niggas on these streets get a piece
I know you fear me 'cause you too near me not to hear me
So why don't you help a nigga out?
Sayin' you cuttin' welfare
That got us niggas on the street, thinkin' who in the hell care?
Shit, y'all want us to put down our Glocks and our rocks
But y'all ain't ready to give us no motherfuckin' dollars
What happened to our 40 acres and a mule fool?
We ain't stupid, think you got us lookin' to lose
Tryin' to turn all us young niggas into troops
You want us to fight your war, what the fuck I'm fightin' for?
Shit, I ain't got no love here
I ain't had a check all year, taxin' all the blacks
Police beatin' me in the streets… fuck peace!