[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Now of course I want peace on the streets, but realistically
Paintin' perfect pictures ain't never worked, my misery
Was so deep, couldn't sleep through all my pressures
In my quest for cash I learned fast, usin' violent measures
Memories of adolescent years, there was unity
But after puberty, we brought war to our community
So many bodies droppin', it's gotta stop, I wanna help
But still I'm steppin', keep my weapon, must protect myself
The promise of a better tomorrow ain't never reached me
Plus my teachers was too petrified in class to teach me
Sippin' Thunderbird and grape Kool-Aid, callin' Earl
Since my stomach was empty it seduced me to fuck the world
Watch my lil' homies lose they childhoods to guns
Nobody cries no more, ‘cause we all die for fun
So why you ask me if I want peace if you can't grant it?
Niggas fightin' across the whole planet
So it could never be peace

[Hook: 2Pac]
Will there ever be peace, or are we all, just headed for doom?
Still consumed by the beast?
And I know there'll never be peace
That's why I keep my pistol when I walk the streets
‘Cause there could never be peace

[Verse 2: Kastro]
Somebody owes me. Will they control me? Not
I ain't a hater player, but I want all you got
Y'all babies had babies, now we fightin' each other
My dawgs got frabies, they bitin' each other
And it ain't hard to find a friend like mine
Bigfully is a bullet and he don't mind dyin'
And I gotta be blind, missed sign after sign
Time after time after time after time
And I don't like nobody, they don't like me more
And I'm good with that finally, but they heard it before
Dawg, we livin' in a prison, losin' our religion
On Thanksgivin' we thankful, just for livin' in Hell
Damn, homie, I don't mean to be harsh
But there's a devil in the ghetto tryin' to tear it apart
And if we make it up out, we still stuck in the dark
Will there ever be peace? Just a piece of my heart. Never!

[Interlude: Outlawz]
The only peace we got is a piece of our heart, piece of our mind, or that damn piece that we hold in our waistline
You feel me, dawg? C'mon, uhh

[Middle hook: 2Pac]
So will there ever be peace
Or are we all just headed for doom?
Still consumed by the beast?
And I know there'll never be peace (never)
That's why I keep my pistol when I walk the streets
‘Cause there'll never be peace

[Verse 3: E.D.I.]
Thangs is changin', nigga, you better read the signs
I'm only concerned about me and mine in these times
The world is a ghetto and peace is not a part of it
We all believe God's new plan to make it out of this
Niggas spendin' too much time hatin' on each other
Niggas buyin' guns, loadin' 'em up, aimin' at each other
And the victim is you and me, it's sick, but it's true indeed
The good die, mostly over bullshit, repeatedly
Deep in me there's a part that wants nothing but love
But the rest of me know, war is what's waitin' for us
So I stays ready, keep my pay heavy and boss up
Stack my funds and my guns, never rely on luck
Askin' God to point out the impostor
Never let no weapon formed against me prosper
‘Cause there'll never be peace, so don't rely on it, soldiers dyin' for it, and in the ghetto, they cryin' for it. But fuck peace!

[Final hook: 2Pac]
Will there ever be peace, or are we all just, headed for doom?still consumed by the beast?
And I know there'll never be peace
That's why I keep my pistol when I walk the streets
Fool, there'll never be peace
Will there ever be peace, or are we all just, headed for doom?still consumed by the beast?
And I know there'll never be peace
That's why I keep my pistol when I walk the streets
Nigga, there'll never be peace
Will there ever be peace, or are we all just, headed for doom?still consumed by the beast?
And I know there'll never be peace
That's why I keep my pistol when I walk the streets
Nigga, there'll never be peace
Will there ever be peace?

[Outro: 2Pac]
Will there ever be peace? Shit, fuck peace!
On the strength 'til my niggas get a piece, we can't have peace
How the fuck we gon' live happy when we ain't got nothing?
You motherfuckers are smilin', but I'm mean muggin'
Why? ‘Cause I gotta be thuggin'
It seems drugs done turned this whole mothafuckin' hood out
All us niggas actin' up, wild-ass motherfuckin' adolescents
These niggas ain't even got no childhoods no more
How the fuck can you have a childhood
And you at the funeral every motherfuckin' weekend?
Pssh, and you motherfuckers talkin' about peace?
Nigga, it ain't no motherfuckin' peace
You ain't seen the news motherfucker? You ain't heard? Lil' babies gettin' smoked, motherfuckers killin' they whole family
Lil' kids gettin' thrown off buildings
Motherfuckers gettin' abused
Peace? Nigga, is you out your fuckin' mind?
Fuck peace! We can't never have peace 'til you motherfuckers clean up this mess you made
'Til you fuckin' clean up the dirt you dropped
'Til we get a piece, fuck peace! Westside