[Makaveli as Spoon]
I'm kicking... I'm kicking. And you gonna help me

[Tim Roth as Stretch]
Get the fuck out of here

[2Pac as Spoon]
I'm serious. I mean...
We don't even get high off the shit any more
We just do it to keep from getting sick

[Intro: E.D.I.]
These motherfuckers wanna know why.. why we get high?
That ain't a dumbest question I ever heard?
Check it.. listen..

Some people ask why (that's why nobody give a fuck, why?), why we get high... (high)
Doctor give me something for this pain, I need some Novakane (what you call it?)
Stimulate my brain (brain) escape to a higher plain (plain)
Hennessy, Ty weed, it's all the same, we call it Novakane (what you call it?)

[1st verse: Kastro]
Now we fall, it's my world, it's still spinning
Bent back wondering if GOD will let me in, in the end
All my life had been a constant fight
With the evil and these people ain't tryin' to see a nigga do right
Why is that? I can't shake this monkey on my back (back)
All that black clout, follow a nigga where im at
Now isn't that wild? (wiiiild) of course
I'll die and live my life high, deep inside im lost
And this show is showing, my people knowin' I'm dead
Walkie-talking to my homies wit' a bullet in my head (bullet in my head)
Still breathing, all my real G's leaving
Me, no choice, but to feed these demons
With murder and liquor in the mist drama niggas never heard of
Twist it, makin' it hard, even to listen to my mama, don't cry
When it's time for this nigga to die
Call it Novakane, ain't no more pain in the sky (get high)

[Chorus 2x]
Some people ask why (why?), why we get high (high)
Doctor give me something for this pain, I need some Novakane (Novakane)
Stimulate my brain (brain) escape to a higher plain
Hennessy, ty weed, it's all the same, we call it Novakane (what you call it?)

[2nd verse: Noble]
Watchin' time pass by my eye, that's why you always see me high
From this life that I was given it's like I'm livin' to die
Pass by my old hood it's all good, but it's dry
Tryin' to stray away from crime, these niggas ridin', but they blind
Nothin' in my hood, but dope, coke and herb smoke (got that coke, nigga, got that coke, nigga!)
Blowin' out all nerves, ghost, sittin' on the curb broke
Pockets lapped out, I thought you had it all mapped out (damn..)
Too far gone to back out South on a Novakane route
In and out the system prisons be wishing a nigga visit
I'm too young for this dumb shit, Novakane make me numb quick
Lord could ya, would ya help me, this crooked world won't accept me
But I proceed to get high, so just let me
Lost in the game (damn!) Novakane go to pain
The whole world looking strange
To me, get me high, Novakane

[Chorus 2x]
Some people ask why (why?) why we get high?
Doctor give me something for this pain, I need some Novakane (Novakane)
Stimulate my brain (brain) escape to a higher plain
Hennessy, ty weed, it's all the same (what we call it?) we call it Novakane

[3d verse: E.D.I.]
I lights up a Newport
Express my true thoughts
Put it down on paper
Got a dubsack, save it for later (got that blood, nigga)
And now I'm herb crumblin'
This words stumblin' up out my brain
Get a hold of that damn thang, to release the game
It destroys my brain, but I can't complain
'Cuz best believe, when I turn out the frame, I left feeling no pain
And on that note I came to the world high as dope
So how you think I'm gonna leave when Novakane holding me?
Tightly, that's how my blunts get rolled up
Quickly, hurry and light that shit before I go nuts, hold up
Before you take a sip of that liquor (aiyo nigga, pour some of that shit out, nigga)
You best to pour some more of that shit out for yo niggas (Makaveli)
'Cuz look, I breaks bread where homies livin' the dead (deal it)
We all need this shit, reminisce, squeeze the '5th
And Jesus, couldn't deliver me from the pain (pain)
'Cuz when I called him, he told me to get at Novakane (Novakane)

[Chorus 2x]
Some people ask why (why?) why we get high?
Doctor give me something for this pain, I need some Novakane (Novakane)
Stimulate my brain escape to a higher plain
Hennessy, ty weed, it's all the same, (what we call it?) we call it Novakane

[Adlibs: Outlawz]

[E.D.I.]
Just to let y'all know, Why every young nigga on these streets nowadays is gettin' high
Some of us smoking weed, some of us drinking. I know some niggas, that doing pills
I even know niggas that shoot dope, and they young niggas. Just search for a way to deal the pain
Might be right, might be wrong. We'll never know. Hey, fuck that nigga, get high, nigga!!
I don't give a fuck!

[Kastro] Pass the Novakane.. pass that shit nigga! pass that shit around

[E.D.I.] Everybody get high!

[Kastro] And we gon' spread this shit, evil, for all our people dead and gone..

[E.D.I.] I'm smoked da fuck out yo! wordup..

[Kastro] That's how it gotta be!

[Noble] Hey, nigga, get up, muh-fucker!

[E.D.I.] And shit, I never made that shit

[Kastro] Never? Shit you did that..

[E.D.I.] Fucked up in that muh-fucker, man

[Noble] Fuck it, man, fuck it. I'm a stay high. High 'til I die

[Kastro] We bring it to you RAW, rough and rugged, Outlawz never stop!
Ya'll know! Y'all know, y'all know!

[E.D.I.] Hey, if ya'll wondering, this came from the mind of Makaveli The Don, yeah. And we just bring it to y'all... Black Jesuz disciples..
Put it down with more time
[Noble] The war ain't over...