[Intro]
(Hahhh, hahaha) Hehehe, word
It's like all we got left – teardrops and closed caskets
(Throw it up, fool! Hey, nigga, haha)
Tell me how you feel, homie

[Verse 1: 2Pac & (Outlawz)]
(Yeah, it took a week to go down)
You recollects and see how crazy it sounds
The whole town's on a mission, adolescents (Penitentiary bound)
(Now introducin' Young Trigga)
Since birth, eyes set on gettin' bigger
Just another wild-ass nigga
(But he was fiendin' for Precious) WHAT?
(But Precious was a ghetto girl)
Couldn't be no sex without that gold Lexus
(But Lil' Trigga was heartbroken, he had to get his papers)
Seein' visions of people smokin' and niggas catchin' vapors
Got his man from around the corner (we call him Lil' Mo)
(Been in so many reform schools they had to let him go)
(Here's where the plot thickens)
They got a plot to make a profit with they Glocks spittin'
(They call the squad, hittin' blocks with they guns blowin')
(Somebody's gonna die tonight)
Still no one's knowin' so they kept goin'
Catchin' dealers comin' out they cars
(Will they survive? Two semi-automatic 9's)
(them niggas died)
(Plus nobody in the hood cries)
(It's like they celebrate to death and wish they could die)
So peep the lesson, but wait a minute, back to Precious
She's snortin' dope in the back seat of Trigg's Lexus
Teardrops and closed caskets

[Hook: Nate Dogg & (2Pac w/ Outlawz)]
Will I!!.., forever be!!.., alone!!!?
(Teardrops and closed caskets)..
(Teardrops and closed caskets)
Will I!!.., forever be!!.., alone!!!?
(Teardrops and closed caskets)

[Verse 2: 2Pac & Outlawz]
(Don't let these ghetto streets get you, Precious)
(was the victim, from a dime to a nickel)
Hopin God's blessings stick with ya
Picture the neighborhood kingpin, who's gettin' bigger
Familiar face, but a man now, it's Lil' Trigga
Now Lil' Mo was a soldier to the fullest
Down for his homies, always the first to spit bullets
(All he wanted was to be a thug)
Never pictured his truest homeboy would fall in love
(Here's where it gets ya)
Now Precious is pregnant, Lil' Trigga is happy
He wants to marry her now (not knowin' he ain't the daddy)
But Precious was lonely, while Lil' Trigga was makin' dough
She's slippin' in secret places and gettin' with Lil' Mo
The neighborhood's buzzin', now people are talkin'
Lil' Trigga's gettin' pictures of the both of 'em walkin'
(Hand in hand, couldn't understand)
How his baby's mama could disappear with another man (and his best friend)
Now jealousy's dangerous, and if you don't believe me
Then watch the way that this story ends and maybe you'll see
There ain't no heroes or villains, ain't no pleasure in killin'
Just the smoke from the cap peelin', a man with no feelings
Teardrops and closed caskets

[Hook: Nate Dogg & (2Pac w/ Outlawz)]
Will I!!.., forever be!!.., alone!!!?
(Teardrops and closed caskets)
(Bury you dead and look ahead)
(a man with no feelings)
(Teardrops and closed caskets)
Will I!!.., forever be!!.., alone!!!?
(Teardrops and closed caskets)

[Verse 3: Outlawz]
Now with the problems of poverty and the tricks to these tales
How many people'll die? How many'll live to tell?
Although best friends before, Lil' Trigga and Mo
They in an all out war, over a fiend they ain't know
Behind the curtains their privacy lust is already laid down
The results is the same with different names and it turns out

[Ad-libs: 2Pac]
Y'all know how it is, same old thing in the same old town
Lil' Trigg got his nose wide open on this one trick
Now he's played out

[Verse 4: 2Pac & (Outlawz)]
Think it's Lil' Mo (was plottin' plans on gettin' bigger)
(Precious was his way to put his hands on Lil' Trigga)
All the while let's look at Precious, too dumb to see what's goin' down (too doped up to ask questions)
Used to be comrades, (but now we blast on sight)
What could be so bad?, (God, will we last tonight?)
From misdemeanors to felonies, small-time to sellin' ki's
I can't believe the shit they tellin' me
They opened fire, three bodies dropped, so call the cops
(Precious, Lil' Mo and Trigg) – teardrops and closed caskets

[Overlapped Hook: Nate Dogg & (2Pac w/ Outlawz)]
Will I!!.., forever be!!.., alone!!!?
(Teardrops and closed caskets)
Will I!!.., forever be!!.., alone!!!?
(Teardrops and closed caskets)
Will I!!.., forever be!!.., alone!!!?
Will I!!.., forever be!!.., alone!!!?
(Teardrops and closed caskets)
Will I!!.., forever be!!.., alone!!!?
Will I!!.., forever be!!.., alone!!!?

[Collision: 2Pac]
Aye, QDIII in this motherfucker
We dedicate this to all the fallen comrades (that's right)
All the homies that didn't make it to see this day
(rest in peace)
Yaknahmean? I know it's hard out there, heheh
With teardrops and closed caskets
It's like that's all we got to look forward to these days
Murders, brothers dyin', funerals
Shit, it's like I done ran out of suits, homie
I done ran out of tears
Know we gon' have to do something y'all
We gon' have to do something
'Cause I know all these mothers is tired of seeing the same thing (rest in peace)
I send this out to Mutulu and Geronimo
And to all the fallen comrades, all the soldiers
(to the homie Boonie, rest in peace, nigga)
All the homies that fell, all the homies
May God bless your families
May you always live in the motherfuckin' heart
In a thug nigga's heart forever (that's right)
Rest in peace, nigga
May your enemies be deceased, dead on the streets
We can't have peace 'til the niggas get a piece