[Intro: R.A. the Rugged Man]
(There's only 50,000 heads that are true to this
The rest are clue-less to what real hip hop music is)

[Verse 1: Sadat X]
Now what I expect
It's spin a lost on some vile shit
And the same rap jams is what slams on the radio
Why I have to pay my wage to be played on 97
When I've been doing this shit on stage since I was 11?
I be the underground king, the fighter, of low rate
And the promo dates, is what the black man hates
Now to me I should been platinum or at least should gone gold
But I ain't, so I got to keep my soldiers on the street
So we can eat, hey this program's directed at the radio who can't feel me
They ain't trying to jam my shit, when I'm trying to be legit
I am the legendary and I vary
Like the flavours from Ben & Jerry
One foot is in the street, the other in the studios
Sometimes I wake up late at night, and don't know which way to go
Should I settle for a hundred thousand, or keep fighting public housing
Or get my homeboys out of jail for trying to sell the skill
Overfail on some own real rap shit
I kick for niggas on stage that don't have shit
R.A. what's the lesson for today, Rugged Man?
Should we ignore the scan that influence the record sales
And we need money right here -  motherfuck "Save the Whales"

[Hook: R.A. the Rugged Man {Sadat X}]
(There's only 50,000 heads that are true to this)
{One foot is in the street, the other in the studios}
(There's only 50,000 heads that are true to this
The rest are clue-less to what real hip hop music is)

[Verse 2: R.A. the Rugged Man]
Hey, noh-how
Now who these kids think they are? Don't sweat those kids
They're trying to ruin our careers, when I've been doing this rap stuff for 10 years
I can't remember any time that was worse
They tried to treat me like Heavy D and said I couldn't curse
Get hit up, get your head split up
Don't matter Foxy Brown or Little Kim, in bed I can tear any freaky bitch up
Leave the spot lit-up, the opposite of heaven is what we living
Now how come these envious cats always be sweating my position?
I'mma live life to the fullest till I die, it's my religion
We gon' beat down your whole cypher if your freestyle ain't hitting
How could this duo not work? R.A. the Rugged, Sadat X
I'm top 5 lyrically, if you ain't listing me you dissing me
49 wins with no losses, heavyweights know who the boss is
Disrespect, don't want to find out what the cause is (Hey, hey noh-how)
I make this come back in '97
Y'all lyricists who hip hop is your life give love back in '97
Don't play me, I react violently now in '97
Ignorant minds best to speak silently now in '97
R.A. the Rugged Man, hated by everyone
Yo, yo, that's why I'm here yo
Yeah, we in here, we in here

[Hook]