[Intro]
That's right, Great 'Dat X
Man's man, throwing it how I'm throwing it
See right now
I'll probably hit you up with something
This is like, you know something to think about

Things that I done, and do

It's a long ride that I been on

[Verse 1]
Now when I first was fucking with shows
It was about hoes, and buying a lot of clothes
And being a fly-ass nigga (fly-ass nigga)
Buying expensive weed packages, and seen on the mean street
With the whole hood, understood?
Stood with the real bosses, a real good time for grime
When the gods built, you could get a bird on the arm (that's right)
And e'erybody ain't dealin'
Wasn't as cold as the winter
Remember the center, when you was young
And shorty had you strung out, with that little thing you bring out
Was the self-starter, to a bigger and brighter future
And somebody ain't shoot yer!
I probably go about a few years more, and more
Some niggas try to make this game as war
Tactical wizards, but they can't hold it the first sign of the bombing
Think I ain't charming? e'erybody's a little nervous
You should never disservice, the Manimal, the great 'Dat
Now see what I got, and what I got for it
But can I look toward?

[Bridge]
You know, like take me
Like I been all over the world, on the low
You wouldn't know
You know, I'll quickly hop on the bird
My passport is stamped, whatever, you know
I'm risking something right now
Risking my freedom for a little while
But, um, I gotta make do, you know
I'mma come out
I'll definitely come up out of it
Can't stop the god

[Verse 2]
I been to the Mom and Pop shops, Cop shops
Sold out shows, to venues that flops
Seen the black beads, to the gang needs
I'm still a beast, I still make a nigga cease
My writing time is minimal, record-breaking
Should do a lot more wrecking, baking
My dudes
When have I not ever hit y'all with foods and brainwaves?
A lot of my dudes is in graves
Been in apartments that's caves, with reinforced doors and floors
She was high-class, her sister ran with crack whores
Used to break in the back of stores in New Rochelle
Brought Macy's to its fours, 40 calibres and sores

[Verse 3]
Now if I took you out the Orchard, would you let me paint your portrait?
Thick-like, sick-like, body-wise
Run through your fabrics like the Mavericks fans Break more money to make
And good karma, and the armour
And the strong drive for fortune, make a reliable team
And make the realisation a dream
I'll admit my dudes'll scheme, snatch the Pope
But they was friendly last time y'all spoke

[Bridge]
A lot of people say my dudes is grimey, you know
Maybe they not grimey to me, cause I know them maybe
You know, I we came up together
But I tell you, if you front they will get at you
They grown men, you know
And take it for what it is, they grown men
They live this every day
They like real wolves out there, I'm telling you

[Verse 4]
I'm condemned only by God
That's why I go everyday hard
For eight months I'mma be barred
From reaching y'all New Yorkers
My daughter, people across the water
Nahk from the Ack store, Can I get a loose?
Hold on with that, I need a juice
EQ my voice flat, make my ad-libs do them
You knew them? (them snitch niggas!)
You get my share, treat me fair, and we easy
I'd rather lay up with my girl, than be involved in the bullshit
Niggas high and pull shit, and then be inside
Everyday for me is a ride (every day)
I understand the DVD sales, and how radio prevails (I know, I know)
Me and you is using different scales
(I am the)
I am still the untraceable, Pre-cog read the blog!
The true and living, and I'm still giving

[Outro]
Still giving, you know
I'm international, I'm worldwide. Brazil, you know
Hungary, Budapest. Madrid, I like Madrid, you know. Tokyo. In Tokyo I'm Sadako, Tokyo
Worldwide all the way back up town
157th and Riverside Broadway, you know
On up the block to Amsterdam, over the bridge
On up to New Ro' 95, you know
Back down again, through the BX, where they still call me DX
Right behind Yankee stadium