Sadat X - “Stages and Lights”
[Emcee(s): Sadat X]
[Producer(s): Showbiz]
[Sample: Shawn Phillips - "I Don't Want to Leave You, I Just Came to Say Good-Bye"]

[Intro: Sadat X]
Yeah, yeah, once againg as we joing Sadat X on the great hunt for dough.  Along with my man Show-B-I-Z, representing D.I.T.C.  Wild Cowboys make a lot of noise

[Hook: Sadat X] (x2)
Stages and cameras and lights don't affect me
Same on the wax as the same on the street

[Verse 1: Sadat X]
Now, for the good things in life, Show, let's keep this crowd mingling
Been to everywhere, like, twice—my latest trip been to England
Learned this whole scene from the Grand Puba
Peace to Lord Jamar and Nas Escobar
My people Crime Family, they finally got a chance
Long live Ralph McDaniel and his crazy man Sam
My man Pablo, can I get a suit from Mecca?
Brother Orko from Karl Kani, can I get a shirt so I can be fly?
I'd also like a Walker Wear suit made from April
Hit me off in May when I'm heard on Ed and Dre, Scoop
Jackson on the late night, New Jersey week night
Honeys from Passaic, my joint, they better play it
Rhyme after rhyme after rhyme after rhyme
Line after line after line after line
Somebody said did I know my man Kid Capri?
I grew up on him and my man Brucie Bee
The lone mic for hire like the Viking.  If shit ain't to
My liking, I’ll run and get the axe.  It's not that I'm
A racist—it's just I'm pro-blacks.  You can't
Sleep in this here game ‘cause there's cheese and there's
A million emcees in public housing.  A nigga'll step on
Your back just to get the crack, got the gold ring.  The whole
Thing is like a game.  I ain't never been gold
But I got the platinum fame like this

[Hook: Sadat X] (x2)
Stages and cameras and lights don't affect me
Same on the wax as the same on the street

[Verse 2: Sadat X]
My energetic show is just half of the picture
I’ll take your suggestion, no question, and flip it
Add to it, then get bad to it.  The music
Man and I got what's hot.  I’ll be the pleasure
Principal, reigning and restraining from bugging out
And lugging out the heavy arms.  I'm to rap what Allen
Iverson's to Georgetown, the truth-sayer
Never team player, I move, groove
Groove and parlay.  If I could bone every day
Would I go that way?  Check it out (Uh huh)
At first, I'll take a little leap to lead the whole world, jump and make
The earth shake and expose the fake.  This is no
Coincidence—this was bound to be
Tell the young, “History is being made.”  Going backwards, I had
A low one, a baldie, and a fade.  Being fresher
Neverthelesser makes me go all out ‘cause I'm out in
The street too much, not to be too clutched
Showbiz is my man—no question, ace—hit me
Off with the head-nod [?].  My tunnel
Vision has my shit on collision.  We're making dough
Making investments and stacking up the property.  Thirty years
From now, the young boys is living properly.  As the
Founding father of the style that niggas ain't even
Bothered to find out, it’ll blow your mind out
Missioned in the circles of royalty
Wild Cowboys, I owe my whole loyalty
At the scene of the crime, the new essence of the rhyme
Comes out like a dime piece, breaded and shredded
Wack rappers get the mean, mean shouts from my team
The riches, the bitches, and all the fan fanfare
But I stay aware just like the black bear
'96 is my year (My year)

[Hook: Sadat X] (x2)
Stages and cameras and lights don't affect me
Same on the wax as the same on the street