[Intro: Sadat X talking over (background vocals)]
It's a beautiful day outside
Oh it's lovely, the birds is out
It's real peaceful right now
Yo what's up my man, my man what's up? yo

[Verse 1: Sadat X]
Ok, just when you thought nothing could get better
A big girl backed in to me, and I let her
I was very impressed, very shapely
She said do I remember her?
I thinks vaguely!
"Remember Kareem?" (remember?)
"Who I coached on my team?" (Oh yeah)
She said "Yeah, well that's my little nephew, and he's come home balanced every time that he left you"
I said "Well you know I try to teach when I can"
"Me and him is cool, I'm fact, that's my little man"
She said "See God, I'm not trying to be a fan"
"I understand Ma" She say
"I live alone, it's just me and my grandma"
"I know you just got here, do your thing"
"When you can, just give me a ring"
(whenever you can)
I got my swag, and my similar swing
I do (whenever you can)
To be alive is a beautiful thing
In these days (whenever you can)
To be alive, and feeling like a king

[HOOK: Sadat X talking over (background vocals)]
(On discovering you, makes a dream come true)
(On discovering you, makes a dream come true)
(Lot of love, love love love love)
Yeah, Yeah little man
Yo throw the ball little man
Throw the ball, I'm not gonna take it
Make a dream
Throw the ball man, stop playing
Throw the ball yo
Let me show y'all sum'thin
And the things you could be
And have a good time
No doubt
We at the function
Yeah man, that's right, that's right

[Verse 2: Sadat X]
And e'rybody here must be smashing
Glasses lit, I wanna hear them crashing
Who's running with me with these shots of Patron?
Glasses of [?] Tiger bone
"How you doing Daddy?"
"Darling, I'm fine" "Can I make you a plate?"
"Yeah Ma, but no swine"
I thought about dropping a line, but too regular
Too damn common, and I'm not the obvious
Some you must admire from afar
Take it as such, tempted to touch
Here's the reasoning, the food is perfect
It's just the right seasoning
Dudes was chilling, boy, rude as usual
DJ pon the stage, I hope I'm not confusing you?
Kids running round, not concerned with it though
Two drunk dudes is trading insults (what?)
My man broke his leg, and he here with a crutch and he still want roll a dutch!

[HOOK: Sadat X talking over (background vocals)]
(On discovering you, makes a dream come true)
(On discovering you, makes a dream come true)
(Lot of love, love love love love)
Roll up my dude
Roll up, it's nighttime now I can smoke in peace
I don't gotta hide it on the side
Put the babies to bed
Throw some yard on
Throw some yard, so I can wine up
So I can rub up on
Yeah! I like that Ma, whoo!
Make a dream come true tonight for me
Make a dream come true
Make a dream come true
Here we go, here it is

[Verse 3: Sadat X]
Ok, nighttime approaches, put the kids to bed
Everybody's liquored up, and well fed
(you feel good?)
Connections is plugged, who's drugged is drugged
It's when your dick game's apparent to the average [?]
I'm not the average guy, turn on the grown man music
When touching close bodies is required text
Required reading, make sure you ain't speeding
Seem like the overall day, is trying to go your way
Victory so close you can taste it
You catch a slide like Ma$e
And talk to yourself "I'm glad I came"
And your man next to you probably feeling the same
Picture perfect, it belong in a frame
Save the day, roll sum'n exotic with a fragrant spray
And it's good to feel, and live that way
And it's good to feel, and live that way

[Outro: Sadat X talking over (background vocals)]
(On discovering you, makes a dream come true)
(On discovering you,  makes a dream come true)
(Lot of love, love love love love)
No violence today
It was no violence, nobody got hurt
Came and got a plate
I'mma leave with a plate too
I'll definitely take a plate home, it's nothing to me
A big plate too, I'll pile my shit up crazy
And walk proud, walk out proud
And may take a beer, and put in my pocket
That's right