Real bad guy shit, living like a villain never chilling
Heavy influence on your chilling
I woke up this morning to a cop with a gun
Who told me that he looking for a nigga on the run
I thought for a second and I screwed my face
And asked the dirty pig why the fuck you in my place
He said he alone... this as a warning
Then I told him fuck you where is the warrant
Then they got the ... and kicked in . Mason
Then the whole situation went Larry Davis
Thinking bout my lady and thinking bout my baby
Thinking these 2 motherfucking pigs going crazy
They wanna kill a nigga cause a nigga own this rap shit
Wanna leave me dead on mattress, Hampton
I'm a public enemy because I cold rapping
And I don't give a fuck about a party in the Hampton's
And I don't give a fuck about a motherfucker Forbes list
Far as I'm concerned, that's a motherfucking ... list
Motherfucker, my dad was a cop
You don't think I know a dirty ass cop when I see one?
Shake down, take down, disrespecting the badge ass, bitch!
Back to the scene going wild in the bedroom
Grab the cop's gun left from ... with a head wound
Second cop shot, but the bullet hit his partner
Shot him in the leg and he hit him in the artery
... then the dirty cop's looking at me
Talking bout he kill a nigga if I try to flee
Shit, I'm about to loose it, so he gonna have to prove it
All cause the government hate the rap music
Had to label outlaw really gave villain
So it's Martin King so the system had to kill him
A nigga with an attitude, the world gotta feel him
Educated villain, ... on living
If I gotta kill a cop just to get out the building
That motherfucker didn't left dead, no feelings
Yeah, ... as I buck a 45 at his feelings
Trying to knock his brains through the motherfucking ceiling
When I surface on the streets I can hear the crowd yelling
And see the neighborhood snitches pointing and telling
I'm feeling like a felon or ...
Before the law leave me sneaking like a bag of manure
Like Jericho 1 in the movie strange days
They want a nigga dead cause the thangs that I say
Mike make the youth go and pick up in they ...
Tell the government fuck you, no way
Like John Connor mama I be running everyday
Cause if I get caught it's my life to terminate
Or stick me in the cell
All because a nigga want some ...no pay
Ill be an outlaw before I ever behave and die a free man before I live like a slave
Enough to change ...if they catch me today
Fuck the police is still all I gotta say, say, say, say