[Verse 1]
"Deal!" That was the word that I said
To the God of the rap that was buying my soul
Half-black shades and the half-white descent -
That's what I got 'fore this motherfucker was gone
That was a bargain for me
'Cause he gave me a modern Beretta with fully loaded clip
I have become a lethal and little weapon
I'm shooting all day with no damn need to quit
My rap like "Fear and Loathing In Las Vegas"
It's like a good trip that is full of bad trips
You like spicy food? Try my chili pepper
Then murder yourself like Yukio, bitch
I'm not a teenager, I got no emotions
So I burn a boat and explode the bridge
Forgive me, son, I done miss your growing up
But I was just cosplaying my dad, you see?
I can fuck the rap game every day
'Cause it's always nine months
So I don't have to pay the fee
That is called child support
'Cause no one of new rappers is son of the K-R-A-N-E
I'm a grown man in the body of a youngin'
The reverse of this is the big boy Lils'
Paper medals on your neck, call you Michael Phelpses
You were beaten by a kid, how your booty feel?

[Bridge]
Shit got damn, I go HAM, I go off, the gun go BLAM!
I go in, I go hard, I go stupid, oh my God
Eminem is garbage, and I'm not a killer of the fucking beats -
See, even when I'm saying shit
Got AK wordplay that might put a pause in your life
Just like a coma, biatch!

[Verse 2]
Man, I'm still OK, self-hate in my veins
I know that one day I'ma blow out my brains
And never be same, shoutout to the greatest insane
Chuckie, I'm back in the game!
Ayo, fuck this shit, it's a ghost of the writer
Coppers kill me with chrome even though I look white
But flow of a nigga does make you a primary target
For these fucking pigs, you alright?
Don't open that fire
No racism in these words of mine
I'm affiliated in crime
I murder the fuckers with words and my punches
It look like I snorted this line
It's my time to shine
It's your time to cry
'Cause you gonna die
I got my luck like Philip J. Fry
I could've said more
But this murderous beat of El-P has been finally fried!