[Intro: El-P]
Hey, Statik
Meet me at Max Fish, like 2—woo—
Like 2AM
Aye

[Verse 1: El-P]
I came up on some brain-blown-full-of-smoke, living-in-a-Terrordome, that kid-born-to-kill-a-king-with-my-hand shit
Put ’em up, runners run amok, gonna gun ’em up
Son ’em up, what a run of luck, I’m a ton of fun
Fuckers wanna run it up, stun a runner up
I’m a number 1, wake up with the sun, thinkin’ make a buck
What a clutch, every buck he touch getting crumpled up
Suck it up, fold the fuckers guts ’til he double up
Double down, dummies get a crown when I’m in the dust
Dead and done so that he delayed baby, wait baby
This is not a drill, baby, Jamie is a thrill
$100,000 bill, y’all, all laws get the deal
What a odd duck
I don’t bow to Zod or no man, what
Roll me like you POTUS in an ocean made of klan nut
And Mikey, most of these soldiers are simply so-called
The holster they holding is empty
The toaster that they imagine they venting
And putting holes in their enemies simply doesn't exist
We buffalo run 'em off cliff

[Verse 2: Killer Mike]
Look at Mikey flow, look at Mikey go
Look at Mikey, Jamie making milli like nobody know
Mikey he went maniac like Wayne when he went Wayne-iac
And did a milli but I been this silly, really
And you motherfuckers really know that you’ve been really feel me
But you hid emotions, so I know you fuckers really fear me, fear me
Fuck your coulda shoulda woulda stooda stutter
I’m a mother-fucker, ask your baby mother, mother fucker music, boy
Talking jheri curl greasy, boy
Nigga with an attitude, Westside Atlanta, young Eazy, boy
I [beat] your girl, flapjack flat flapback black flow flipper flap flap
Take that, I don't argue, hoe nigga
Get nervous in my old age bar nobody
Make your self known or take a shot to a body
I only trust Jamie, I don’t trust nobody
And if you fuck with him, bullet holes in yo’ body

[Sample: “Lie, Cheat, & Steal”]
Who really run this?
Banging on my adversaries
Like who really run this?
The bright lights of fuckery stuck in me, automatic
Who really run this?
Violence might be necessary
Who really run this?
The bright lights of fuckery stuck in me, Statik

[Outro]
Who want it? Put jewels on it
Who want it?
Who want it?
Who want it? Put jewels on it
Who want it?
Who want it?
Put jewels on it
Put jewels on it