[Intro: Gucci Mane (DJ Drama)]
Bustas! (I know) Gansta Grillz, bastards! (I know)
(It's not fair, I agree, I totally agree, it's not!)

[Pre-Hook: Gucci Mane (DJ Drama)]
It's Gucci! (hahaha) What's happening? Burr!
DJ Drama, what's happening? (Mr. Thanksgiving) Gansta Grillz
Gucci! Drizzy Drake and Gucci

It's Gucci! What's happening? (I'm shivering!) Burr!
DJ Drama, what's happening? (Ya know what I mean?) Gansta Grillz
Gucci! Drizzy Drake and Gucci

It's Gucci! What's happening? Burr! (Guccimerica!)
DJ Drama, what's happening? (We've read this) Gansta Grillz
Gucci! Drizzy Drake and Gucci

Ha! (1017) They ain't expect this one
Expect the unexpected motherfucker
It's Gucci!

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
From Zone Six to the sprites, I'm a keep the block burnin
Long back is what be turnin, money I'm gon' be earnin (hah)
[?] and someone finally return it
You niggas wanna beat me like my cheer and appearance (shh)
You come up to my paper route, then pass interference
Now cash interference, I shine just like my earrings (bling)
It's fifty K today, twelve bars, I'll feed ya appearance
My stick up, it cost more than what you make in a year, man
Don't near man, theres no one near man, you're like a cheer man
No coachin, Gucci the GM and you're the beer man
Don't try me like I'm a pussy another tin man
I reckon I bust boots so you can call it all [?]
Gucci!

[Bridge: DJ Drama]
I got a new sign job, I'm hip-hop security
And what that means is I'm takin' all credentials
What you say and what you do, accomplishments, accolades
I'm like the airport, all identification will be checked
Drama!

[Verse 2: Drake]
Look, uh, feelin sorry for the runner up
I'm still away gettin money when the sun is up
And they keep sayin how they need me to deliver
Cause they hate it when the rookie starters can't put the numbers up
Maann, haters so pasé, catch me in a Tom Ford suit on draft day, nigga
And it's just me and my money, ya'll don't even get to play when ya'll are leading by twenty
Yeah, I infiltrated the game, I was hesitant at first and feared what it would change
Now I'm high of the success and faded off of the fame
But still I managed to keep all of my opinions the same
Man, I am So Far Gone, bitch I'm outta here
Hotter than santa inside rockin nauta wear
I want it all man, I never learned how to share
I also can no longer converse with you thousandaires
Wow, I swear I'm killin shit, I'm killin shit
Shoutout to the niggas I just made a couple million with
Yeah, from the beginning to the end
Know I'm into making history, not into making friends, motherfuckaa

[Bridge: DJ Drama]
I've seen a lot come and go
Some niggas was runnin too fast, ran outta breath too quick
Us over here? We pace ourselves, the finish line is way far ahead
You niggas keep gettin cramps in the race, don't pass out, baby!
Look for me in the rafters!

[Verse 3: Killer Mike]
Mike bigger baby, it's bigger baby, Gucci, Louis, Prada
Don Dada, I am hot as the Sahara
What I spit in my saliva is a flow hotter than lava
When I grab a microphone, I flame on like Waka Flocka
Got a thirty-eight revolver that I call my problem-solver
I ain't worried bout no rappers, they just talk, they just holler
When that fire hit their ass, they don't walk, they [?]
Like a pimp, I pop my collar, act a prospect of tomorrow
Naw said life a bitch, so I'm a break her for some dollars
I will never be a sipper, sorry suckers stuck to [?]
I will murder ever verse I ever versed to get the guala
I am cursed since I first dispersed a dime bag of guaca in exchange for a dollar

[Outro: Gucci Mane]
Ay, to all you other rappers out there
If I'm not eatin with ya, and you have an opinion about me
Always remember how insignificant your opinion is to the world
Whether you like, or dislike me, tomorrow's coming
So with that said, get on your grind, because it's about time, bitch!