[Intro]
Good morning, hey
Ya'll know who it is and ya'll know what it is
Hold up, let me make it official
That's right, you know who it is
Mr. Cool Acer a.k.a. The Ghetto Wayne Newton
A.k.a. Mr. Malcolm Thermostatic
A.k.a. Acer Ascot


[Verse 1 - Killer Mike]
Pimping I'm super clean, pimping I'm super hard
Ain't into pimping but love linen and super broads
I'm on a super grind, I'm out here getting mine
I refuse to be a beggar in a soup line
I tell them "See you later motherfuck a soup kitchen"
You can catch me in Decatur in a Super Sport dipping
Cra-gar, 30-spoke, first 8 corner-dipping
You should see the Vogues glisten, similar to 4's tippin'
You should see us in the condominium with pretty women
All stripping, buncha player shit, yeah we all tipping
I took a bank roll, threw a couple grand
Told the youngest ho, "See that's how I do my Superman
And you a super girl, good hair, super curls"
She was super thick and she sucked a super dick
I let her get my number told her "Hit a player later
I told my wife about her and we did a 'Will and Jada'"

[Hook]
I'm super clean, I'm super hard
An ultraviolet ray, I shine from afar
Bitch, don't you know who we are?
Bitch, don't you know who we are?
I'm super clean, I'm super hard
An ultraviolet ray, I shine from afar
Bitch, don't you know who we are?
Bitch, don't you know who we are?

[Verse 2 - MJG]
(Don't you know who I are?)
I'm pimp tight, M-J!
I know mad hating
But my infrared beam spot you like a dalmatian
My Tuesday ho riding 'round with my Friday bitch
That's what you call teamwork, nigga try this shit
If you a pimp, pimping hard, keep it pimping
Working hard hoes and hard-working women
I got a Caddy make a nigga want to get a Caddy
A Cadillac? Nigga, naw, it's a super Caddy
With a super motor, it make it go super fast
Give me all my money bitch ho, do the math
I don't even want half, ho I want it all
Mind, money, heart, soul I'ma sell your drawers
And put your mouth up right, do it, half price
Just right too, half-black and half-white
Don't even act shy, ho I know you with it
Do it Vivica Fox did it, reach out and get it

[Hook]

[Verse 3 - 8Ball]
Big Ball, my girl say I got a hustle belly
She like to climb on top and ride that roller coaster baby
Up and down, round and round, super clean, super mean
Fly like a gulf stream, purple in my bloodstream
A yellow Cindarella cigarillo for my green
Hit the club 30 deep like a football team
Southern rap royalty, hated in the industry
Ghetto superstar, number love for us in the streets
Any city, any town, stick me where the 'hood at
Talking 'bout my life up on this mic that's what I'm good at
Still keep my heat even though I know them boys watching
And it ain't never took a lot for me to get it popping
I'm dropping shit on niggas talking 'bout they running thangs
I'm hitting evil bitches in the forehead with this game
Lame niggas imitate but they can't do the same
Fuck all haters, go and get your money mayne

[Hook]

[Verse 4 - Killer Mike]
I'm player fly, I'm player fresh
Fresh, dress to impress like when pimps pet the flesh
Animal skins with the men from my toe to chest
Ponyhair, Morris slippers slippers 4X, matching vest
I'm feeling good, I'm looking 'hood
As I watch the world through the Benz logo on the hood
Fly boy, fat boy, fat boy, fly boy
I adore women that's thick like Ki-Toy
I'm starting to feel like young Willie Dynamite
32 flavours baby: got 'em black, brown, white
Even got an Asian, sex is amazing
Hair to her ass and I think she Malaysian
Taking yoga classes, she said when I hit her
The down south dick nearly ripped her and split her
Every time I'm with her it's Grind Time Official
Cause I be like "Uhh" and she be like "Killa..."

[Hook]

[Outro]
That there we have it nigga, pimping 101, man
That's right 101 from goddamn rule 1 to rule 3
Hope ya'll soaked this shit up nigga
What I want you to do if you didn't understand it cause I was going too fast for you
Cause I do move at a terrific speed of one thousand thirty seven and thirty miles per hour
You back that shit up and slow it down
You might have to screw it nigga