[Hook]
Cinder blocks hold up the porch
Grandpa, grandpa hold up the fort
Billy's got the ball on an open court
Rolling dope as a summer time sport
Hold up! I'm on the hill
If you shake it up, better let it chill
Creekwater still spills
Baby's gotta eat so I steal that meal

[Verse 1]
Rapper with a steel shield
Pedal the big wheel
Kind of a big deal
Black like a wet seal
White like an x pill
Fight like a trailer park, boy!
Raw best still
Look for the best deal
Look no further
I put habaneros on your hamburger
I pull bow and arrows out on you
You would think it's murder
Leave me with your bitch in a mini-skirt
And I might serve her
Park on the curber
Treating the beat like a pervert
Fuck it, eat it, beat it, see us
Like a cleavage on a
Scenic route through my city
I bleed it, believe it I breath it harder
Mama! Pick up hella weed and
Hello papa tis' the season
Mine is coming, his is leaving
Sally ain't looking good, what's she breathing?
Meth addicts, dead rabbits
Come up! But I'm good at it

Pull out the needles, let me see if I can leave them tatted
I got that shit is selling homie? habit
To avenues cuts alleyways dirt roads paddle boats paddle through lake? Through a fork!
Still got a duffel bag in the trunk
If I'm going out, I'm going out with a honk
Who, what, when, where? Buddy I'll be there
Watch my Paw Paw pull a sawed off out of the rocking chair (POP)
I don't know how to stop it, stop where?
Here? Alright, cool.. I guess I'll leave it there, dude

Now pick it up

Moonshine in the noon time, give me the hiccitup
Stick it up. Baby, you just ain't thick enough
Put a brick in your butt, let's thicken it up
That's how we live it up
That's movin' weight, call it and pick the kitties up
Sit in this pick up truck. Let's go hit the city, slut
808 black and give you many nuts
Vibrate on a highway. That's Catfish Billy up
Go pop a pilly I'm a toon like I'm mitted up
On a mushroom oppurtune' let's kick it up
Gitty up, gitty up. Horsey I'll rock your pretty up
Idiot shouldn'ta took a loan from a loan shark
You owe me money as soon as the fucking song starts
I am a thrown dart, don't walk in front of it
Don't be a football to the boot that I punt it with, nice kick. Field goal!
I spit ice picks.Cypress Hill. bro
That's some tight shit, but that's what I'm here for

We ain't going out like that