[Intro]
Fame fame fame
Fame fame fame
Fame fame fame
Fame fame fame
Fame fame fame
Fame fame fame

[Verse 1]
Runnin' like a fool, I got a new demo-tape
Headed to a label on a low-key dope race
Gotta be on time, gotta go do show - faced
Can't be late, gotta go photo take
Manager want me to do a song for the whole place
Without a microphone, DJ, and no stage
So I put my pride inside my pocket to hold safe
Knowin' inside of my heart these people are so fake
Pictures of New York, skyliners are back-dropped
23 floors up down lookin' at cab tops
I’m so fucking nervous, that I can’t even act not
Thinkin jumpin' out this window ain’t such a bad drop
Smackin' the blacktop, cuz I’m not a have-a-lot
I’m just a have-not
Is it my time? And am I lookin' at that watch?
It could be the end of it all, maybe my last shot
But I got a funny feeling it ain’t right
I tell my manager, but he just thinkin it’s stage-fright
Minus the fuckin sweat that’s drippin off of my face
I realize if I do it, then it’s only for a price
So am I lookin' at a hook wit the bait, bite?
Am I the big catch? A dinner for late night?
Do they realize I’m in terrible shape, right?
Can’t even afford to get my little boy a bike
I sit down in front of LA Reid
The president of Def Jam, the boss before me
And to my left is KP and 30 of A&R's who work for him
He said Yelawolf is an emcee from Alabama
Yelawolf you can have the floor and
I told him if you wanna see me sing
Come catch me tourin' but I ain’t performin' for the fame

[Interlude]
And just like that (Fame fame fame)
I lost a deal with Def Jam (Fame fame fame)
And I went home on Christmas broke
I didn’t know what the fuck to do man (Fame fame fame)
Shit (Fame fame fame)

[Hook 1]
Money comes and goes just like the fallin' rain
Better leave a bucket outside and collect the change
Someday we’ll look back and think what have we gained?
And I hope we can say
More than fame

[Verse 2]
What’s the use in complaining about the decision I made?
If it’s rainin' (Then it's rainin')
Then fuck it, pull the umbrella out, hey that’s entertainment (Entertainment)
I’m above it and focused
Got a lot of shows I gotta go hit
In the back of my mind I’m thinkin, "Did I blow it?" (Did ya blow it?)
Did you notice all the people you roll with
Are losing their focus because of my ego (My people)
‘Cause I’m hopeless, won’t listen to nobody
They sit and go on about how I won’t make it (You won't make it)
If I keep fuckin' up relationships with executive folks
With these checks to cut for deals, I’ll be broke then
Stuck in the south with nothing but my old shit
Ain't no new whips, new house, new clothes
New dough, you know you gotta go face it
Look who in the eyes, say I’m sorry for fucking up
These rappers are coming up
What you gonna do about it?
Just sit back and watch 'em and get up
And make a move about it, be about it
See it’s about the way you committed, now you got to go-and-get it
I got a question
Are you strong enough? Answer:
"Fuck yeah!"
I ain’t about to be another white-boy stuck here
Hit the road, do any fuckin' show that I could get overseas, let's go!
Canada, let’s go
South by South-West
Yelawolf Expo, killed that
Made it my
Focus, let’s roll
Now every label and their mamma tryin' to get a hold
None of 'em had me, and here come Interscope

[Interlude]
Yea
Then I got a deal
You know?
I don’t know
I guess integrity goes a long way man
Gotta know when to hold 'em, know when to fold 'em
Shady Records
Slumerican

[Hook 2]
Just give me some place that I can hang
Somewhere way back in the back to drink a drink
You ain’t gotta tell me that I ain’t the same, I'm sayin'
I’ve seen some things
People change

[Hook 1]
Money comes and goes just like the fallin' rain
Better leave a bucket outside and collect the change
Someday we’ll look back and think what have we gained?
And I hope we can say
More than fame