[Intro:]
I'm a firestarter! Hot damn!
That's why everywhere that I go they try to put me out
Bitch, I'm a firestarter, hot damn!
But this fire's out of control and bitch you can't put me out

[Hook:]
Uh, uh, uh, uh I'm a firestarter
Uh, uh, uh, uh yeah, I'm a problem!
Uh, uh, uh, uh I'm a firestarter
Uh, uh, uh, uh yeah, I'm a problem!

[Verse 1:]
Sticks and stones, and bricks and bones
Lift to me dome, and all of my poems
Spittin' my wishes, wishin' me cold
But the cold can't defeat me, I can't be frozen
Preachin' my own shit, praying for hand-me-downs
You ain’t original enough, look what is standing out
You just stand around, waiting for God because their careers ain't panning out
Pulling your panties out (Oh!)
Wind 'em up, and waddlin' up like a duck for the season hand-me-outs
Hopin' to fan me out
Yea, you was hoping to fan me out
But the harder they fan, the bigger the flame gets
Call me a motherfucker, speaking my language
Bang this, bang this over your head
Til you fall back asleep homie, easy and painless
While I stand over your monument like a crane-lift
With a thousand gallons on the palet to play with
But even though I give you many colors to paint with
You at the copy-machine with my fucking painting
So go ahead and make your changes
I'll be back in the booth with my fucking flame lit!
I'm a firestarter, better go find water
You don't know me son, like I don't know my father

You just gotta relax, homie, yeah!
Breathe in, breathe out (and breathe)
Cause this fire in me
Breathe in, breathe out
It ain't going out
Breathe in, breathe out
I was born to be this shit
Breathe in, breathe out
Just gotta realize

Cause all my life I've been a firestarter
I don't know what it is about my soul that's got me hot and bothered
Somebody find me water, somebody find me water
Cause I'm hotter than a preacher's daughter
Hotter than dry leaves in August
Yeah, I'm a firestarter!

[Hook]

[Verse 2:]
And I'm dialing
Better pick up the telephone, we calling
Catfish Billy got the trailer park calling
Back to the wall and run for the office
In your back window still, mud ball get
A.K. clappin', don't think about it
Choppers always, coppers hawkin'
Young rebellion, leaving them bawlin'
Death to my haters, say peace to your coffin
Rap til I'm golfin', ten toes down motherfucker I'm all in
Y'all play too much, get to pausin'
Remind yourself Yelawolf is a auction
Going once, going twice, 25-35-50-55, balling!
Better take it with pride partner
Trunk Muzik is a piece of gold
Uh, yeay! Take it from the trunk and throw it in the deck
Bitch you got head, now that'll give Denzel a whiteboy's redneck
Ooh! With all due respect
So run it back till you go dyslexic
Long wings like Texas
In your girls bathroom like Nexus
Back of the line
You already know who next is

I'm a firestarter, sweet dream, sweet dreams
Bitch, I'm a firestarter, sweet dream, sweet dreams

[Hook]

But this fire's out of control and bitch you can't put me out