[Verse 1: Kydd]
Mister all that and a baggy, skip classy
Told her i'd be back in a flashy, exactly
Keep an alibi and hall pass me
She didn't expect nothin' I did this all last week
Some upper class ass try and bag me
Used to call her Maxy pad her name Maxy
Now she don't look half as bad no she a damn queen
Talkin 'bout under the bleachers doin' the damn thing
Get with it or get lost
Toss to the wolves
Kinda hard to keep my thoughts out the sewers
Yo how he get the vaults out tha stores?
All them thoughts were happening
Even before I walked out tha door
Headin downstairs for some air, who is there?
Mr. Walker in a chair 'Where your hall pass?"
Kept it player, already had it prepared
Now puttin L's in the air headed to the lair

[Hook: Kydd]
Where ya hall pass? I got, I keep it on me
Don't need no hood pass, you got - them my people homie
Yo Where ya hall pass? I got, I keep it on me
Don't need no hood pass, you got - them my people homie

[Verse 2: Yelawolf]
On it, fresh fish, smell it
Muddy water in my Ollie, hoes I'm highly upset It's -
Me you lookin' at like what the fuck am I doin here?
I'm hip to the hop, don't they use it for brewin beer?
Right hops, right like jump-around
Got a pump in tha trunk for any fucking chump in town
Something sounds like onions now, making you wanna cry
Haters looks like babies when my lyrics personify
But I'm out that gate like a fuckin racin' dog, chasing a rabbit
One hook to the nose, dominant bitch I'm takin off
Zip-line but I'm out that side, with a pound of ice
For the broken bones and blackened eyes on the track I ride
Being creative that's a sacrifice
And I'm on tha cross like, you know who
But I play the cards, play some UNO too
And lay some you know what in what's her name
That's some uncle game fuck um I'm chuckling
Laughin and tapping out I'm de-tagging it, fashion route
That shit is super lame, you got on, packages at my house
Im famous, slumerican never been nothin' like me
Making money for real never been nothing likely
Never been so excited to see my couple of icey, cola
Up in wal-mart tryna reach a quota
And I'm so over this sofa, but ima leave it on my porch incase my neighbors come over. Slumerican

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Kydd]
Slumerican, L's and my rebel friends
Knock Knock who the hell let them devils in?
Yelli'n hellow kitty kickin heroin
Smokin' like chimney wit a gypsy and my fellow friends
Tell em kyddy here, the weirdy weird midi mike breaker
The city scared wasn't prepared it was only an ice breaker
My dialogue be right along with writers poems
Name a higher arch suppling art? Well I don't know em
I have to show, these tag alongs all have it wrong
I was makin rapid songs when mother was snappin on
Me and my brother for havin the base to loud
& fucka hand out, them niggas face too proud
& Fuck tha police is NWA too loud?
The sounds of the bruised and battered
Used in this music chapter
Infused and captured
But you just have to loose the fabrication
To have a statement as tall as the Appalachian
The beat facin decapitation in your presence
Wrappin' up this new rappers nation
Get your hall pass deactivated, assaulted and aggravated
You know it you fascinated, shouldn't even have to say it

[Hook]