[Verse 1: Yelawolf]
You ain't gotta lay down on your back
To know you already fucked up
Letting me in the muthafuckin' game is like
Letting me drunk drive in ya truck
When Yelawolf arrived in this club, already had 5 in my cup
Then I took another hit and I run into a bitch
That's looking lifeless and stuck
Baby, what's wrong with you now?
What, you ain't happy with Red Bottoms?
Mad cause I'm in VIP with a fuckin' Jack bottle?
With Tom, Dick and Harry
I got up in this bitch with a tank top cause I spit so very, darn quick and scary
That's why they're so quick to compare me
But fuck my critics with a spiked dick
When it can fit barely. They probably think I'm a Limp Bizkit
That spits jelly, when I put them in the woods I'm a redneck
I'm a hick? Tell me: go ahead, yeah!
What the fuck does it matter to me?
Cause after me there'll only be wannabes
And mostly ain't never gonnabes
Yeah in this forest I'm a lonely tree
My limbs are covered in tattoos -and my roots they run deep

[Chorus 1]
I'm 2 bottle shawty, 2 bitches waiting
Two 10's: that's a "win-win situation"..
Happy birthday, I'm feelin' brand-new
Drinks on me! For ME: not you

[Chorus 2]
Up in the club, don't give a fuck
Up in the club, don't give a fuck
Up in the club, don't give a fuck
Up in the club, still don't give a fuck

[Verse 2: Yelawolf]
I don't know what to say after that first verse
I mean like damn, I just killed it
What the fuck am I supposed to do with this cow?
I done already milked it
Smoke another cigarette unfiltered
Let go of anything that I’m feelin’
They done broke me down so many times before
That I'm no longer rapping I'm building
With one brick, two brick, three brick, four
Underneath the steps of my single wide door
Raised by them dope boys, so I know how them thangs look
Thanks for the recipe: rest in peace, Wayne Bush
I don't cook my shit, I don't break it down for you muthafuckas
Out there waiting around for some rap savior
You better look up at what it is that you facing now
Cause Jesus drives a Harley, the Devil wears Prada
If God was one of us, he'd probably drink vodka
I still kick it at the party when I get rich
Cause rich or broke, I'm still as dope
The realest ain't as real as this
Dead or alive, I'll put a stamp in this bitch
You'll never seen rock and roll do hip-hop like I did

[Chorus 1]
I'm 2 bottle shawty, 2 bitches waiting
Two 10's: that's a "win-win situation"..
Happy birthday, I'm feelin' brand-new
Drinks on me! For ME: not you

[Chorus 2]
Up in the club, don't give a fuck
Up in the club, don't give a fuck
Up in the club, don't give a fuck
Up in the club, still don't give a fuck

[Outro]
Yeah ya
Y'all know we dont give a fuck!
It’s Gheto-Vision
Yeah!
Shady
Yeah!
Still dont give a fuck
Naaaahhh!… your boy, lil John… we rep the South!
Happy birthday, Alabama
Hey! hey!
Up in the club
Together: dont give a fuck
Aaah…
Up in the club, still dont give a fuck
I ain't in the building, I own the building, Bitch!