[Verse]
Talking to myself is like talking to god himself
Minus the god and religion
Slumerican has become an assistant to my vision
It’s like I unlocked a prison
My warriors spirit, tore into the recording, hear it
Put me at your court appearance
Yela made me pop a trunk
Yela made me pop a chump
Didn’t even know I did it
Don’t pull a 2Pac on me homie
Music ain’t the life you wanna imitate besides
My life ain’t even Kosher
If you seen that toaster sitting there
Bathtub side, you would crack up - why?
I’mma hoot owl like, wow like I’mma stoop yeah
Really you, yeah
Me in school with a bowl cut and a missing tooth
Listen to me ain’t a movie made, you can name
That can fit the shade, of the life I gave
Ain’t no fucking way, you can chuck grenades
All day I’m a mile away, sitting in the shade
Sippin’ Santa Fe
Ain’t nobody even in my panoramic
Listen that I’m all rap and playing in the sandbox
When this camera hits
They goin’ have to fucking plan a day with
A scientist to see where Yela’s brain is
I’m a language of all the ancients
I’m a flame with that 'here it aim - hits'
Probably the way the earth
Wobbles on the tilt, in the atmosphere
That the bottle in my hand puts me in earth
On the wobble in the same year, yeah, that’s a little deep huh
I’m a fucking mermaid, huh
Below the belt
Goddamn you, you might need a nurse aid, huh
You car alarm chirps, huh
Every time you see these tattoos, huh
Your car alarm works, huh
Don’t worry I don’t drive Ford’s dude
Now I prefer to keep it legal in the freedom
Is to speak In which I speak to people
I conceive a thought
And breathe at least a bit of inspiration
For the geeks and evil people
These fucking MC’s are weasel
Through the cracks I leave you on your back
Quicker than Knievel would jump on a Harley and jump over cars
He set on fire cross the river nile in Egypt
You fucking with a mastermind of rap design
You stuck up in an elevator with the blind
Dumb and deaf serial killer with the rhyme
Ain’t no where to go trying’ to push a baton
Con artists shocked , cause I shock a con/Chaka Khan
Fuck a time watch, me I’m a dime, keep in line cops
Be up in mine, I’mma down all these fucking 9’s
I’m a 10 plus 10, I’m a 5 quarterback sneak
Take 25 cent’s in a two-piece of my mind
While stick a new beat to the side
Lean to the ride, jeans to the boots
Clean as a ride, clean, but I doubt
Me being a 5 to go get high and I got a 5 see
Got a pound for the worse
Got a mouth for the verse
Got to keep that fucking sound for the howling Wolf to serve
Put a brand new rapper on serve
Put a brand new Chevy in there
Wrap 'em both on the curve, word
Better get a hold of life
Better get a hold on mama like tonight's supper
Y'all in trouble like Tucker was
When he saw that fight up the street, squeaking - bitch
Where's the white tupperware/where-
Would I hide your weed?
Give me that hydro weed, in the hotel tour
Where will the bible be? Right with the pile of weed
Gun to the fuckin' head
Why would Micheal be running' for the life of me?
Cause I'm a fuckin' C, R-I-M-I-N-A-L, bye bye, Raphael
Donatello hello put one through your shell
Liberate your mind, I'll put one through your bell
I'mma act a donkey, I'mma pin-a-tail
With the fuckin' pen, I will pen-a-tale
Straight from the back of the mind of an intellectual
Spit one of my poems, and throw 'em into hell
Fuck an infidel, no Huckleberry Finn, no fucking fairytale
No church to marry in, I married it myself
The heard I [?] in is scary in itself
The purgatory of recording
I'm a rapper sorting through my story
Hoarding words and ordering a burger
While this mic is murder death
R.I.P this booth
Better get a suit and tie
Man, this burger's great!
See I'm like a sail sitting in the wind
I'm multitasking
Whoop that ass
An octopus would drop and do some push ups
If he saw these military arms
You thought I was gone
But...

[Led Zeppelin sample]
Here I come again!

[Yelawolf]
Love Story

[Led Zeppelin sample]
Sweet little baby, I want you again!

[Yelawolf ad-lib]
Yeah, this one goes out to...
West Hollywood...
The winner is...
These nuts...
Just joking...
@iamchasemorgan
Yeah, congrats buddy...
@iamchasemorgan from West Hollywood
Love Story
Slumerican!