[Intro]
WOLF! (Yellow! Yellow! Yellow!--
WOLF; pissin' in a barrel of beez
Yelawolf! Volume one
WOLF... let's set it
AAAAAAAAAAAAHOOOOOOOOOOOOUUUU!

[Hook]
Look at me!
My belt buckle's unlatched
I'm holding my wee-wee, this way
Come watch my back I gotta pee-pee
Fuck 'em all I'll hold my balls and urinate on the industry
Fuck 'em, I'm pissin' in a barrel of beez

[Verse 1]
Mamaaaa! Mama, look; no hands
I dip my dick in a jar of honey, and I'm peein' in a bucket of fire ants
Wait, them ain't fire ants! Shit, them bumble bees!
But I still won't budge, I don't give a motherfuck
If they crawled on my jungle weeds
I'm done with these, overrated, slow-paced, wanna-be motor bikes
You're tricycles, peddling hard
A bumble bee has one strike
Them soldiers slow your roll; you're supposed to be in line
Twenty-fours never made a rapper spit hard
You can only get a buzz when you fly
Amazing, n' craving them flowers like women, bouquets
Set a purple haze, Yelawolf I have an MC pushing up daisies, grinning
Standing six feet, nothin'
And I drank a whole lake
I gotta go real bad
And I got a belly ache
The great flood is back; I'm attacking the best of the best
Surround them with my sound, in this yellow sea of stress
Hurting, long waiting, hard writing, and shitty deals
And if that don't drown ya', you'll hit the Chevrolet windshield; splat!

[Hook x2]

[Verse 2]
Excuse me, anybody seen a bathroom around here?
I've been holding this shit back for so long
That I'm dancing with my hand on my balls like a queer
Here, here, I said it
Gotta let it go, gotta bigger head; swollen
Headed to the lab with a Ding-Dong
Like a deep sea fishing pole, and
Throw my line in with the bait hook
Got a great white following my books
Shit that I wrote floats like a bobber
Sit back unappeared, unbothered
Jumping up when I see it bump
Just let the shark come near
Here fishy fishy! Here fishy fishy fishy fishy; now swallow
This, piss, bitch; rich in nutrients
Let it go in your party bowl
Sticks to your dips and chips
Licks, taste, great; it'll make you live
Not dog a bite; I'm Golga-white
With a bottle breaker, and then a keg of Heineken
Fight like an Irishman
Fight like a wolf; I'm still growling
Marking my territory with my leg hiked, you know where to find him
Y-E-LA, W-O-L-F that spells the chief
Pissin' on, H-O-T, B-E-A-T; that spells relief!

[Hook x2]

[Verse 3]
Oh my goodness, you've got motive
Chopped down, like an overgrown bush with a weed eater
Wet up the spot, with me, Peter
Run up on that 808 kit, take a shit
Hike my paw-paw, and drain 'me lizard
Wolf relieved himself on top of the track with a three-liter
Did you like this song before we did it? (Naw) Me neither!
Well pull out your Johnson motherfucker; if you got a twat then squat
Do it if you want to little mama; if you got what's hot, then drop
But don't sit on the meat cleaver; you can't clean up blood with a mop
I do my shit sober... do you need some X when you rock?
Well here's a triple stack (HAUUUUUH!) --now pop
Hot rocks, meteor damage putting holes in your Chevy top
I do not stop
Ceiling is damaged, now you're really riding in a drop
You could ride or die, or die to ride a drumkick, and then get shot
Blew by the police by the hot shit security; you are stopped
Hold up, freeze
Step out of my vehicle, rewind
This shit is pitiful
Must I get rid of you?
Must I piss on you?

[Hook x2]

[Outro]
Takes big balls!
Watch out dog!
Missy Elliott, Dallas Austin, Mona Scott! UPN!
God damn MTV... BET... I'm coming!