[Intro:]
So you sayin' you need, you need a lot...
You need a lot...
Dude, you got a lot of needs there...
You know what I'm sayin'...
What you really need is this truth...

Ladies (Get money!)
Ladies (Get money!)
Ladies (Get money!)
Ladies

[Hook 1: The Zombies]
What’s you name? (What's your name?)
Who's your daddy? (Who's your daddy?)
(Be real) Is he rich like me?

[Bridge 1:]
Hold up, Hold up
This was for the hardworking people
Don’t every let your neighbors wealth put a shadow on your lights
Tell 'em like this

[Hook 1: The Zombies]

[Verse 1:]
Have you ever seen an Alabama boy fresh in thrifty gear moving like this
Every witnessed vintage pimping, Yela rocks Timex on the wrist
You told me to look, yeah that’s amazing, whatever
Where is the brilliance now ask yourself (Is he rich like me?)
Not hardly the wealth, inside of my mind is an engine
Mechanically inventive I’m so persistent, listen (Is he rich like me?)
Not even genuine limping
Double take me baby, your a trip
Your a flipped out dime running in line
But look (Is he rich like me?)
My life story is a book
Plus I’m never caught ignoring how I look
To get clothes dry on the line takes time
I was never caught exploring with a crutch
The only thing that I ever broke was a mind

[Hook 1: The Zombies]

[Bridge 2:]
Did you fall from a tree, watching too much tv
Come back to reality (Is he rich like me?)

[Verse 2:]
I’m a billionaire. one billion words sitting there
Looking for a time. when and where
Shall I give a donation to the air
A kiss from the speaker, if you dare
They might have a castle made of marble but I’m a marvel
(Is he rich like me?) plus mine ain't borrowed
Know you got a thing for a man's whip still
I’m a loose change true king on a bent wheel again
(Is he rich like me?) cause I write beats to a ten
See I’m kinda like a better version of me
Before I had a purpose love
See, God put light-bulb light in me
A million in watts not a million in cheese
Please, Yela’s on the way
Relationships buddy, I'mma get a raise
Accumulated respect, we less paid
But he with it all makes he less great

[Bridge 3:]
I’m the most paid man in the universe
I got sound (Is he rich like me?)
Get down

[Hook 2: Yelawolf]
I'm just saying, you should come around
We should lay it down, stop all this playing
I'm just saying, I won't let you down
You should come around, stop all this playing

See how incredibly rich I really am
(Is he rich like me?) Not at all
My name is Cat Rich Billy (Is he rich like me?)
Cat Rich