I use to gaze over streets and alley ways
Writing rhymes waiting to go home on the J
For Yelawolf, Queens was a short stay
Two years on the grind and the music barely paid
I had to get back home cuz record deals denied me
So many people were listening, loving
But they were scared to try me so

Over and through the woods on a greyhound bus I go
Five G production deal and promises to hold
See that's 2000 for a U haul for our stuff
500 deposit on an apartment, wait, hold up
Let's not forget about food and diapers for the next 6 months
A G on my every C and ill be back in the slum
At least I can make beats and practice up
Maybe somebody will call me before a demo track to cut
I tremble at the thought of losing out of what I lust
But me being sucked inside this needle is a must
The world will never know who truly lies beneath this man
What power I possess with this pen in my hand
Rather then to quit I just continue with this truth
And its back down south and I'm bouncing with these roots

Roots of a carnivorous cover the son as i write this
Harmonious rendition of revelations
With this sword i cut this word into as sculpted piece of history
Unraveling lies and mystery
Alabama!
(-deeply rooted in the american dream)
In the midst of hate like superstars who rape
They see us in overalls they overlooking the truth over all
Okay then
Who shall represent my home exclusive to my people?
To support the love and pulse them to the drum
We speak in tongues when we speak that slang all in one
Description of a minority covers ten in one
And if you're white and you support it you're a pun
I seek the Cherokee prayer dances
And Yelawolf becomes the I'n'I  [Decoding chances?]
Three, seven, nine, twelve, nineteen the most high
What comes after nine? (Zero!)
Nine is the most high
(-deeply rooted-)
Yeah, constantly evolving
Ever revolving chamber of hollow tips
That blow holes in weak hollow ships
You carry none
And when my submarine pops up you're s-s-s-s-sunk!

I gotta say it cause I don't feel alone
There's a million soldiers living in my home
They all get it, but you don't know you don't, so I what?
Be mourning sleeping beauties at the throne
Yeah,mourning sleeping beauties at the throne
Sleep, sleep, sleep, sleeping beauty at the throne
I gotta say it cause I don't feel alone
So be what? Be mourning sleeping beauties at the throne

Time is passing me by like exercise
And im headed back out of state to pursue what i feel is mine
Feel like my pride is only worth so much now
Respect from other emcees has feel to the background
Pleasing the clones has left me all alone
Will they come get me now that i owe my rent?
Nope? So am I wrong?(nah!)
Fuck them haters and i never felt so real saying it
I used to laugh at that quote
Now I'm bout ready to tat that quote
Im two seconds from running up in the label
With this whole state of Alabama sitting at the table
And all I gotta do is bring my CD
You can hear a million solders if you listen closely
Besides being otherworldly with this rap shit
At least they can recognize my passion as an advocate
If I'm not real to you when you listen to my penmanship
You don't follow real music, you follow trends and whips
I will not bend and flip to get your attention
And why should I?, its all in what I mention boy its
(-self evident!) I love my god given gift
If ain't obvious by now you can (???)

["lynch 'em all"?] said the [???]
We pass the bill, you inherit whats left over from the kill
Whether it be taps on a phone
Or cameras in your home
We on!
The bar-codes on the bag of chips was just a test
And man that's (-Self evident!)
Now lets see how it look on your wrist
Pretty good! Jacobs jewelers couldn't touch that!
Trillions got spent so you could be the (-evident?)
Your daddy don't know nothing bout this
In God We Trust is the psyche genius
Tricked you, tricked you, now who god you worshiping?
We know the pentagon is the center of a pentagram
That's so simple to them, so whats deep?
Deep is physical so they dig for oil leaks
Truthfully? I hate this world for what it's worth
I love my people
But they following a wicked system that is (Self-evident)
Lets play red rover
Pull on one another till we shoulder to shoulder
Learn about the culture of our neighboring soldiers
Cause if we teach each other, then the slavery's over,(Feel me?)

I gotta say it cause I don't feel alone
There's a million soldiers living at my home
They all get it, but you don't know you don't, so I what?
Mourning sleeping beauty at the throne
Mourning sleeping beauty at the throne
Sleep, sleep, sleep, sleeping beauty at the throne
I gotta say it cause I don't feel alone
So be what? Mourning sleeping beauty at the throne

(See they dont wanna give us no..) (-justice!)
(And thats why, they dead to us,)
(So we mourn em, right, they sleeping on us,)
(Mourning sleeping beauties at the throne, feel me.)