[Intro: Brotha Lynch Hung]
I'mma call this nigga real quick....
Mellow Yellow, it's ya boy Brotha Lynch Hung aka Spiderman
Ey, I'm sendin' that package man
Uh, let me know when you get it
Hit me back, you already know my number

She makes me nut when I eat that pussy
I got that meat in my teeth
Nigga, I just cum when I see blood leakin'
I got that sickness disease

[Verse 1: Brotha Lynch Hung]
I'mma bring it back
I'mma hit 'em with somethin rippin' they guts up
Get-em & cut-em with the scissors
Nigga, I’m fucked up
Strange music, ain’t nobody can touch us
One shot to the head, nigga you touched up
Niggas got it all mixed up, Rob Rebeck (Damn)
Now they all tied up by the sea-deck (Grrr!)
Bout to hop in the boat and drop in the ocean
Oh, I’m killin and jackin off with the lotion (Grr!)
Straight Mannibalect
It ain’t like that steel can’t handle your neck
I get straight right to it
Put 'em in the back of the van
Once they in the back of the van, nigga they useless
I’m a sicko, psycho like Michael
I know, everybody be thinking I might blow
Any minute, I get ready to, I’m ahead of you
I’mma ever-ready, forever ready to let loose (Grr!)
I’m a monster nigga
Eat raw brains, I'mma hello and reap ya
Leave blood stains in the back of your pick-up
Waiting all-night til I’m ready to get ya

Ay Mellow, Mellow I sent that package man
Please let me know when ya get it man
Hit my phone back

[Yelawolf : Verse 2]
Slumerican shit!
Catfish Billy and I’m pullin' out Bacardi
Bout to throw it in a bucket of (lemonade)
Stearing up a 1955 Chevrolet, doing 99 on the (interstate)
Do I see the pigs in the rear-view?
Yeah I do homie, but I’m lookin like ("anyway!")
If they pull me over
I'll be rollin' down the window with a mac in my lap
While I (grin and say:)
"Bitch I’m mean
Raw as a fish on a dish, when you sit to get Japanese"
Got a 10-pack in the trunk and I’m pullin' up to the trailer-park (Lets go!)
I'mma need about 5 of them bitches
Hi little misses
Do you know about them hybrid sticks wit
Buds lookin' like bubble-suds enriched with shrubs and stuff you could get a good buzz wit?
You gotta love it!
Got a good plug in the islands, I been pricing a budget
If I get rid of these first 5 for about 9, I'll be sittin' on a pile of money
They gotta go, everything must go!
Catfish Billy got beans for the low, with chocolate chips (Mmmm!)
Hop-up in the spaceship
Lets dip clean and roll
Like 2.99, can I get a 3, can I get a 3.99, can I get a 4
Can I get a 4.55, can I get a 55, can I get a 4.55? (55 sold!)
Yeah officer
Runnin' this white-trash dope like a fuckin' auctioneer
Just so I can put a lift-kit on my fuckin' 4-wheeler, that’s how I floss this shirt
Get bucked!

And I’m off like a fucking bandit, understand it
If you want me to pull the string, just give me your puppet under my hand
And I will tap-dance all over the stage for the cops while they stare at Pinocchio
Me and Brotha Lynch on some other shit
If you wanna hit, you can come and see me at the show, lets go!

And I’m off like a fucking bandit, understand it
If you want me to pull the string just give me your puppet under my hand
And I will tap-dance all over the stage for the cops while they stare at Pinocchio
Me and Brotha Lynch on some other shit
If you wanna hit, you can come and see me at the show, lets go!