[Intro]:
Yeah. And we still feedin' the streets. Eastside Long Beach. Crooked I. Yeah niggas. Y'all make sure y'all look out for my last mixtape of the year. Coming out some time in April. Or May. Check me out though

[Verse]:
I got 99 problems but a rapper ain't one
Cause even after 52 this young cat ain't done
Still sharpen my skills when that day come
Fuck a mic, when I'm comin' rappers grab they guns
I rip shop bitch please
You see my series unify gangsta rappers and hip hop MC's
I show fans of Talib Kweli that they can be a fan of me
Now I see
Faces in the crowd, I'm rockin' the young youth
Back packers and car jackers all under one roof
With they hands in the air, it's only one truth
Gotta rock a slug proof vest in the booth
Just in case my silver bullet words ricochet off the wall
I'm a werewolf, an animal I'm takin' it all
I can dive off any skyscraper that's tall
Have you soft niggas at the bottom breakin' my fall
I'm a live wire nutso with somethin' to prove
Mix that with the fact that I got nothin' to lose
Even a slam dunk champ wouldn't jump in my shoes
I ain't no overnight nigga I paid a couple of dues or more
Yeah, no nuts no glory
I don't give a fuck, I'm so clutch I go Horry
Game on the line, so what, go for me
You thought I would lose? No luck, wrong story
Every single day, Crooked probably on his cheese
Sly Stone watch lookin' Rocky on his sleeve
Yeah, a couple niggas tried to rob me for the freeze
They all come up shorter than a jockey on his knees
Nah, I ain't Superman
I ain't Clark Kent
Just an average nigga ridin' behind dark tints
(Where you at?)
Park the Benz, sit on a park bench
And I think about the days I didn't have a darn cent
Cause Hollywood ass A&R's are unusual Squares
Didn't know when the music was rare
Had the corner office, yeah the view was beautiful there
But their job was like musical chairs
GET YOUR ASS UP
Fire that dude, swear to God his ears are bad
Overlookin' talent for years it's sad
All he could hear was a fad
Three cheers for the lad, when his career disappears I'm glad
Blame all of y'all for retarded MC's
Why I gotta dumb down for fans smarter than me?
Even though I rap like I got a Harvard degree
I guess literary genius is harder to see in me
Than in Shakespeare
Is it because I keep guns under the bape gear? (Yeah)
Or cause I ain't queer? (Yup)
I think it's cause it's cause I'm sayin' shit that them snakes fear
Until a nigga got a grey beard
I wonder will this country ever see tomorrow
If we leave it up to bitches like Geraldine Ferraro
Governor Spitzer your fuckin' dime's on my dime
Spent my tax money being Client Number 9
I want a refund from that political wussy
Either that or Kristin owe us taxpayers some pussy
GIVE UP THE CAT BEEOTCH!
Yeah, look how I target the U.S
The end of my series is like the start of the new west
Yes, it's like the start of a new quest
Stay tuned, watch what this artist gon' do next