[Intro: D.K.]
And The beat goes on, and the beat goes on
And the beat goes on
And the beat goes on, and the beat goes on
And the beat goes on
Its ya boy D.K
We got Slaughterhouse
D12

Keep it goin..

[Verse 1: D.K.]
Aye yo, i dont wanna force nobody to listen
If you don't like it, then cut it fucking off and stop bitching
Oh, still there? I guess you like it now listen
I'm not beefin' with ya, how could I beef with a chicken?
Hey, you motherfuckers are guessin' if I'm high, ya, I was poppin' pills in the kitchen
Now you thinkin', what the fuck you think D.K's thinkin'?
Was he trippin' off the pocket pussy, that he was licking
YO' i eat up pussy like its mother fuckin' noodle soup
Slip my dick through the tushy like a mistake in the loop
Its like a....REWIND, why the fuck am i explaining shit
Im a freak super hero with a cape on my dick
You mother fruckers thought it was a joke, but now you stickin' with me
I started with a local chick, but now i wanna go with Nicki
But Katy Perry is single, i wanna stick my dick in
And fuck the fireworks outta that pussy, well only if she let me

[Hook]
And The beat goes on, and the beat goes on
And the beat goes on
And the beat goes on, and the beat goes on
And the beat goes on
Now SLAUGHTERHOUSE!

[Verse 2: Joe Budden]
Check, around dudes that keep hollerin' for more smoke
Talk slicker, end up with your jaw broke
I always had to be different by law though
Niggas had guns, I was carrying a crossbow
Quick to put a couple arrows in your torso
Human Torch flow'll get rid of all of your false hopes
When you make a little money they begin to hate ya
So I keep animals with me—it's in my nature
Not to be an instigator, but I been a savior
Cause if you hear what they're doing on pen and paper
Horrible punch lines, bad flow delivery
And concept bars about concept cars
Niggas rap about lives they don't live
As for me, got a few fucks I don't give
Still I help out if need be - Joe Beezy
A.K.A. I make it all look easy

[Verse 3: Royce da 5'9"]
And the beat goes on 'til the beat can't go no more
This old .44 got a little red nose
On it for you clowns, welcome to the Bozo Show
Hang you frauds by your balls, where the rose go bro?
I'm psychotic, I know you got an eye problem
Approaching me is like seeing Nicki Minaj and Amber Rose out
You a man--then why bother?
I'll have your black-ass body wrapped in the white waters
I couldn't edit the fact I'm like Farrakhan mad at Jesse Jackson
I coulda killed you, though I shouldn'ta said it
I push the pedal, so to the metal, my foot pathetic
My only question to you homie, is why would you sweat it?
I got the game in a Coogi sweater, middle of summer
I heard them niggas with booty feather-ticklers is on ya
Sneak up on ya, put the pistol on ya
Twist ya like a chicken, put the rotisserie on ya

[Verse 4: Crooked I]
Uh-oh im fuckin' up the whole segment
Take ya bitch im tryna get her throat pregnant

That mean im diggin both exists
Have her walking off on some broke legs shit
Make her your Ex, and im fuckin ya next bitch/

[Verse 5: Kuniva]
It goes like this when I'm swervin' on the freeway
Speedin' trough traffic, drag racin' with D.K
It don't stop, see I boarded me a flight
Touch down in Dubai, and I'm wallow for the night
Spittin' to the Ladies, your boy is going crazy
I smell weed flavors, like nothing can save me
Detroit do it big, out here it's much iller
It's hotter than a bitch, but my heat is more killer
Toast to my goons, we surround the room
Post up with the guns down in our shoes
We ain't being violent, we just wanna drink up
Grab a young lady and do whatever we think of
Shoutout to (?), your boy is getting lose
Stumbled out with 2 bitches, chuckin' up the deuce
That's one night down, I ain't getting any sleep
Fuck it I'mma stay up the week and the beat

[Hook]
And The beat goes on, and the beat goes on
And the beat goes on
And the beat goes on, and the beat goes on
And the beat goes on

[Verse 6: Swifty McWay]
Parking lot pimpin', sippin' on (?) mixed with Hennessy
And hittin' on my bong, as I'm sitting in a car
Ready to pull up girls' thongs, and haul ass
(?)
We got smashed, I couldn't even make it to the telly
So I'm outside fuckin' on the dash
Then we woke up, early in the morning
(?)
Now I'm back in the liquor store, drinking (?)
9:30 in the morning my breakfast is blunts
And when it comes to lunch, I'm at the strip bar
Eatin' weed brownies with a bunch of bitches and I'm far
Away from this planet, I'm on Butt 9
199 thousand times 9
I don't find trouble, trouble finds me
But it's fine, I got a tech nine with me

[Verse 7: Bizzare & (D.K.)]
I'm so hiiiiigh! I'm higher than the ceilin'
4 in the mornin' watching "All My Children"
Bizarre party, party real hard
Coke and Hennessy, life of a rock star
16 Vicodin, 14 mescaline
(Old school Cadillacs, we don't drive limousines)
So fresh and so clean, like an OutKast member
I can make it snow in mid December
Kush, blunts, bottles of Moscato
From Detroit to Aspen, Colorado
(Sniff these pines, don't be nervous)
16 whores from the escort service
I'mma fuck all 10 with no rubber (You nasty!)
Probably die of AIDS in the middle of next summer
Bizzare too high, in the middle of Dubai
Smokin' Chocolate Thaaaaaai