Treacherous...Dynasty!

[Biggie Smalls sample]
Bucktown MAC-11 cocked back, niggas be-Bucktown MAC-Buck-Bucktown MAC-11
Bucktown MAC-11 cocked back, niggas better duck down, duck down, duck-duck down [x2]

[Verse One]
Bucktown MAC-11s cocked back, niggas start duckin down, I show you suckers I don't fuck around
You'll be spun around with so much velocity that you lose a hundred pounds, before you touch the ground
Don't get us twisted with another town, we sprayin' the day I come and gun you when the sun is down
Clown! Don't even come around Long Beach, we keepin' enemies at arm's reach
Reach for arms, physically harm each in these dark streets
Blood can leak on the concrete when we palm heat
(Bucktown MAC-11 cocked back!) The Glock clap, you had to get knocked back
The hot strap pop an officer's vest, cannot stop that, alter your flesh
When I'm poppin' hot caps
Convertable-ise your dome, I drop your top, nigga!
Take me to your boss, I drop your top nigga!
Shottas and Glocks with us, the cops will not get us
I rocks with my niggas, like Pac we mob figures
Cause niggas got a meaner demeanor, I'm even squeezin' triggers with my middle finger
Fuck you!

[Biggie Smalls sample]

[Verse Two]
Bucktown MAC-11s cocked back, recordin' agreement on your hat - on your head is a contract!
When I'm speakin' never talk back, I shove a strap where you talk at
Prozak? I'm off that, got a plan to platinum your CD
(C'mere!) Lemme blow your brains out on national TV
(Brrat brrat!) Which rapper can see me?
The magnum'll easily send shots after you Bee Gee niggas
You got a problem, full holla, I'm a hard top Impala hard knock school scholar
Pop you homos, it only cost a few dollars
Dodger polo - only reason I'm blue-collar!
Bucktown MAC-11s cocked back, nigga duck! If it's a jux move stick 'em up!
Gimme the money or else coroners are comin' to zip you up
When we hungry we never give a fuck!
(Huh? Uh!) Get chips with a vengeance, the Benz engine is just as chrome as the rims is
What the biz is, I'll bring the beef where your kids live, pull your card quicker than bid whist
Catch you slippin' get ya dome repo'd
With blammers, got more hammers than Home Depot
Have you at home, scared to look out ya own peephole
Have you petrified to hang around your own people!
Nigga!

[Biggie Smalls sample]

[Crooked I pays respect to Biggie, threatens haters and shouts himself, eastside and his label out]