[Verse 1: Royce Da 5'9"]
Woo! Hello hip-hop, goodbye music

It's like a love-hate relationship
Riding in the Ferrari while takin trips
Compared to beer taking sips
Sitting somewhere in a Camaro with racing strips
Either way you embrace it
Can't no amount of money or lady replace it
And after all this rhymin'
If I refer to you as a girl niggas'd call this Common
I'm through as a fan
No disrespect to music, I'm talkin to you as a man
How the FUCK is you flossing a Benz?
Listening to this nigga Rick Ross dissing Em?
Jim Jones dissing Jay?
This rap shit done gone a different way (that's right)
I know my lawyers play the lies game
It's okay for Soulja Boy to say Nas' name?
Nothing but ludicrous answers
The game backwards like dancers
Shooting on the same dancefloor you grew up and answer
To them shooters, now them shooters is dancing
FUCK you too!
You corny so I gotta cut you loose
I looked in my book of rhymes, took the sign
I swear I heard a few of my nigga Crooked lines

[Verse 2: Crooked I]
I got these A&R's heart racing
Got them in fear of me sonning they flagship artists for spitting {?}
This is bar raisin'
I'm raisin' the bar so far trying to look at it's equivalent to star gazin'
Think I'd rather be water-boarded (you feel me?)
Than to listen to what y'all recorded (for real G)
Hell no, I will not support it
Rather switch places with the child mom's aborted (kill me)
My skills be on point like a flying dart
Sometimes I feel like the messiah of a dying art
A whole other animal, not the kind that departed on the giant ark
But a vulture with a lion heart
I eloquently breathe fire
I speak for the Eastsiders like I got a Long Beach speech writer
And I could teach riders how to do they thang
So they won't ruin the game for coming off lame
We could be birds of a feather, what does it mean?
Think about it, that mean I put you under my wing
Or I'mma leave this hip-hop thing to all you wack dudes
Cut you loose (you're no good I have to) cut you loose
Call me a hater when I'm tellin the truth (expect it)
SoundScan is unveilin the proof (respect it)
Here's somethin you could NEVER dispute
The last time I spit a rhyme the roof fell in the booth (I wreck shit)

[Verse 3: Joell Ortiz]
Man I feel ruined inside
Somebody tell me what to do, I'm a guy
That loves music but I am truly through with the vibe
Sometimes I wish it was dead, rather than look this stupid alive (word)
I found out I been pursuing a lie
It's nothing like, what I thought, man the proof's in the pie
Cause ain't no pudding in the hood when niggas shoot to survive
But what's my single? Ask dude in the suit and a tie
Who stole the whip, man? I'm losing my drive
I remember when singles used to have cuts on it
Nowadays the rewind button got mad dust on it
Can't bring it back if it's wack, when they come back then it's crack
I'm fiending for somethin good so I can puff on it
Y'all don't even give me a buzz
I can't enjoy a glass of beer if it's really just suds
Nothing there but the air in y'all heads
Man I'm fed dog, I had it up to HERE (done!)
I'm cutting you loose, fucking abuse
I can't believe they in your talks when you discussing the truth
These dudes suck and they bad liars
This is not what I expected when I was 11 stepping up in rap cyphers
(What's goin on?) I thought you had to be mad nice
But apparently you could be trash as long as you look good and have ice
I ain't complaining, I'm just saying though
There's no reason a musician should wanna watch a television
Instead of be listening to the radio
I'm cutting you loose

[Verse 4: Joe Budden]
Look, I used to dream of just bein' wit'chu
Woulda probably gave whatever to be seen wit'chu
On the block on the scene wit'chu
And the most beautiful thing wit'chu
Is we shared the same passion and I could get cream wit'chu
Not a qualm, not a problem, not a single issue
Then we started arguing, having single issues
Something's off nowadays, you don't seem official
SO! {"You're no good I have to cut you loooooose"}
I see you with them other artists and it's sickening
Everything's changed since we parted, you been different
Do whatever for bread boo when you started tricking
For real though {"You're no good I have to cut you loooooose"}
How you could thug me?
If I can't be me when I'm wit'chu, tell me how could you love me?
(How you) Get so ugly - eat it, beat it, treat it better than niggas
So you still be dying to fuck me, baby don't interrupt me!
Ain't complete trying to compete but you judge me
What you really think of me, you disgust me
I 12-step my addict itch
So Method Man, you could have that bitch
But now she got neighbors against me, still her favorite MC
I just hit her hard and she got papers against me
It's cool; I get up with you later if meant be
Just text them old heads, tell them mate with they memories