[Intro: Crooked I]
Sssutt sssutt!

[Hook: K-Young]
I got my whole hood rolling right behind me
Diamonds in the back, sip syrup, got me leaning
Rolling up a fat, fat Swisher while I’m singing, oh, oh, oh

[Verse 1: Crooked I]
Uh, diamond in the back
Sunroof top, come on
You know the rest
Homey, you know the West
Sticky dope put a hole in your chest
We grow the best
C.O.B. rep the code to the death, with no regrets
I’m a fully loaded rock star
Uzi keep shooting at you snitches in the cop car
Louis V., Huey P. Newton, the Oxy pill, Bobby Seale: house nigga
I was in the cotton field
Now I’m ‘bout to clock a mill
Presidential Rollie shit with that Barack appeal
I ball it, kick it, like I’m on a Ghana soccer field
Wonder how Pac’d feel? How would Big Papa feel?
To know it’s still real niggas countin’ dollar bill
And I keep a loaded chopper for you dirty bastards
‘Cause to beat a murder rap, you gotta murder rappers (Ha!)
Leave you leaning like some purple Shasta
Million Dollar $tory, ho: this the early chapters

[Hook: K-Young]
I got my whole hood rolling right behind me
In the coupe with the seats back is where you’ll find me
If you ain’t got your money up, never mind me, ooh
I got my whole hood rolling right behind me
Diamonds in the back, sip syrup got me leaning
Rolling up a fat, fat Swisher while I’m singing, oh, oh, oh
(Shouts out to Slaughterhouse!)

[Verse 2: Crooked I]
I hang with gangbangers and some crazy-ass white dudes
Nigga with an attitude, rappers think they Ice Cube
But I seen you’re kind of soft more like my junior
I’mma call you high-school, aight? Cool
True or false: before your album dropped
Tell me was you a boss?
You say yeah: that’s as foolish as a Jewish cross
You don’t even believe it
Got me wondering who the fuck you are when your music’s off
For what it’s worth, I recall eating a (???) sandwich
Still managed to do my work: putting in work famished
But now they call me “el jefe”: I learned Spanish
I’d be lying if I say the money make the hurt vanish
But it helps when these hoes suck a boss player
Still love black women; fuck John Mayer
I got a white girl: fat ass, blonde hair
We make good music every time I Kanye her

[Hook: K-Young]
I got my whole hood rolling right behind me
In a coupe with the seats back is where you’ll find me (Ay!)
If you ain’t got your money up, never mind me (Get your paper up nigga!)
I got my whole hood rolling right behind me
Diamonds in the back, sip syrup got me leaning
Rolling up a fat, fat Swisher while I’m singing, oh, oh, oh
(My nigga Big Style in this bitch)

[Verse 3: Crooked I]
Yeah, and the beat goes on
No sleep, been in the streets so long
Mama called me like “Please go home.”
Ma’ I need to get these C-notes on
See I’m all about action and less hopin’
Better die with my Smith & Wess’ smokin’ or havin’ sex strokin’
Just jokin’: Seth Rogen
No I’m not
Life was a heifer, when I left her, she had her legs open
And on my tombstone tell ‘em to put sssutt sssutt
C.O.B. ‘til I die my niggas, sssutt sssutt
But for now I ride fly as Tuskegee Airmen
It’s ironic: a stand-up nigga, but still the chairman

[Hook: K-Young]
I got my whole hood rolling right behind me
In the coupe with the seat back is where you find me (Ay!)
If you ain’t at your money up, never mind me, oh (I feel good right now)
I got my whole hood rolling right behind me
Diamonds in the back, sip syrup got me leaning (K-Young!)
Rolling up a fat, fat swisher while I’m singing, oh, oh, oh (Yeah)

[Outro: Crooked I]
Million Dollar $tory
Music is my life
Sssutt-ssutt-C.O.B
Sssutt sssutt!