[Intro]
Veterans Day just passed, shouts out to all the veterans
Did you know that on out every four veterans is homeless in America?
There's way bigger issues for this country to attack, than me usin' the N world

'Sup my niggas?
Hip hop weekly
Yeah, thirty-three
Freash out of the hip hop awards
First one on the west coast
I walked away with the west coast best lyrical assassin award
Here's why

[Verse]
You fuckin' with a blade runner, Crooked's a straight gunner
I can freestyle for eight summers, I'm the eighth wonder
White t's, 38's under
My bare weather pistol strike like lightning and make thunder when I wet ya
I bet ya get (?) when I catch it, digest the bullet, my pleasure
High measures, shots diggin' in your chest, tryna find treasure
Find me in the city spelled with nine combined letters
L-O-N-G B-E-A-C-H , we ain't joking, nigga, we squeezing them 38's
(?) I'm breathin' in poisonous gases
Spitting straight acid, infecting the greater masses
Takin' names after kickin' asses, I trashes
Breast knuckle to your stomach, (?) like Cassius
King of the cheddar talk, sever whoever with the desert hawk
Leave predators dead, I'm forever boss
When I set it off, you lesbian thespians best be pedestrians
That means you pussy actors better walk
Funeral service, time to buy some flowers
I know you wish you could rewind time some hours
Change your mind and cover, instead of getting sniped by the rifle tower
You rivals get your life devaured, when I igninte the hour
Sir, yes sir, on my riste to power, campaigning like Eisenhower
Comin' off like the young Darryl McDaniels
Comin' off five times a day like Arabic sandals
Rich ghetto American vandal
My necklace on fire, and it light up the room, I'm wearin' some candles
Whoever hot, I'm gonna scorch ya
You boys are out of order, but can not afford the (?)
Of course I'm a carnivore, I'm the Art of War enforcer
You brontosaurus slow, to catch me you gotta flow a Porsche
I'm light years from fishing for ideas, I'm itchin' to find (?)
I'm switching my mind's gears, (?) of my fears
All evolved the fear of what I do to you niggas
Your henchman is right here
I got the future visions, I ain't usin' you for (?)
I give 'em the truth and the youth will listen
We can make money and I sleep like kids when they tooth is missin'
All you do is join the new commission
No Paul Castellano, no Sammy Gravano
Just friends of C.O.B., the only family that I know
Give us money and power, give the Grammys to Bono
Give us love and respect, adress me as (?)
The one (?) the booth like (?) the demigod
While you get your babble on/Babylon, like my nigga, Nimrod
I get my grand hustle on, like I'm in the Pimp Squad
And I keep it west, like the leader of the Lynch Mob
Lyrical assassin, the best in the west
(?) and get your eyelid stretched to your chest
B-dot-O-dot-S, nigga, S
Burning down the compound, like I'm (?) the flesh, yes

[Outro]
I start hittin you wack ass rappes with thumpers
Put you underground like a bunker, motherfucker

It's for my niggas in Philly
For my niggas in New York, New Jersey
My niggas out there in the motherfuckin' Texas
Motherfuckin' Atlanta, Florida
It's for my niggas all around the world
My London niggas, hit me up
My motherfuckin' niggas way over Italy, rockin' that C.O.B. shit
Y'know I'm talkin' 'bout? We got spit over here, homeboy
And I'm the king of the spitters, nigga
Eastside Long Beach C.O.B. - Circle of Bosses
Commission of businessmen