[Intro]
C.O.B
*Phone ringing*
Girl: Hello?
Crooked I: Yeah, what you doing?
Girl: Just got out the shower
Crooked I: Oh yeah? Won't you come to the house and kick it with me for a while, drink something, do something, you know?
Girl: Do something? Like what?

[Hook: K-Young]
It's a crooked-crooked game
Shawty, I heard you gots crooked-crooked brains
You know, I-I gots to hit that!
You the type I'd like to smash to early in the morning
Shawty, this is a boning

[Verse 1: Crooked I]
Baby girl I bet you taste like candy
I do not think you understand me
Ass like that gotta run in your family
Goddamn she rocking them panties
We in Miami, Bal Harbour
Penthouse view, yeah it's all water
The Don-Dada I'm fucking these hoes
While I'm puffing a cigar like a young Godfather
No X, put it down without it
You can be like ''No doubt about it''
You can be dark as a power outage
Give me one sec you'll be bout it bout it
I'll Master P ya, glad to meet ya
I don't give a damn if your Dad's a preacher
My MAC can reach ya with a snap of a finger
After me you'll be a nasty skeezer
Looking good with them skin tight jeans on
Why would I not let it be known?
Here it is little mama it's your theme song
Download the shit, make it a ringtone
I can see us in bed getting our freak on
Sweating like King Kong with a mink on
Get my creep on, hit it then I be gone
I'ma doorbell, all they get is ding-dong
Magnum umbrellas, all y'all MILFs need younger fellas
Nothing you out of shape bums can tell us
Dick so deep make a shovel jealous
Ain't nothing wrong, girl we grown
Talk to me dirty when you hit me on the phone
Let's get it on, all night long
You know what they say
Go hard or go home!

[Hook: K-Young]
It's a crooked-crooked game
Shawty, I heard you gots crooked-crooked brains
You know, I-I gots to hit that!
You the type I'd like to smash to early in the morning
Shawty, this is a boning
Eh-eh-eeehhh
Way your body sw-sw-sweaaat, don't stop
Put it on me, like you really want it
Ride me like a pony, go hard or go home

[Verse 2: Crooked I]
Get it girl, that's the biz
I like the way you shake your ass to this
Don't ask me what my passion is
My pass is trying to get it past your ribs
Young boss and I feed you game
Learn to unlearn then I free your brain
Told y'all lames I don't need Jermaine
Sort of like Michael Jackson, don't need Jermaine
I got a sexy chica, bad as Shakira
When she home she shake her ass in the mirror
Look back at it to capture it clearer
Dick get hard when the cat get nearer
Rock that boat and she know the business
Fuck her 'til the hoe get motion sickness
I'll stroke your mistress with the ultra quickness
Headboard knocking like Jehovah Witness
Then I bend it over like yoga fitness
On that patron I'ma go the distance
Game so strong that there's no resistance
Even though I told her there's no commitments
I don't want to be your boyfriend
I don't want to be your fiancé
I don't want to be your husband
I just want to fuck every single day
So many words in the English grammar
But cum by the dick is what I'm thinking and a-
Know I need to clean up my speaking manners
But I'm Eastside Longbeach bananas
Didn't I tell you bitch I been grown
Freak enough to ghostwrite a Prince song
Got something you can wrap your lips on
When I pull it out go hard or go home!

[Hook: K-Young]
It's a crooked-crooked game
Shawty, I heard you gots crooked-crooked brains
You know, I-I gots to hit that!
You the type I'd like to smash to early in the morning
Shawty, this is a boning
Eh-eh-eeehhh
Way your body sw-sw-sweaaat, don't stop
Put it on me, like you really want me
Ride me like a pony, go hard or go home

[Bridge: K-Young]
Met a nigga like me
Bring you and your girlfriends, maybe three
Back to the crib, you know how I do it
No I ain't no movie star but I do music
There ain't nothing to it, ay
I don't give a damn what you say
Magic Ink and C.O.B
Inglewood to the LBC
We running these Cali streets
And all of these broads wanna fuck with me

[Hook: K-Young]
It's a crooked-crooked game
Shawty, I heard you gots crooked-crooked brains
You know, I-I gots to hit that!
You the type I'd like to smash to early in the morning
Shawty, this is a boning
Eh-eh-eeehhh
Way your body sw-sw-sweaaat, don't stop
Put it on me, like you really want me
Ride me like a pony, go hard or go home

[Outro: Crooked I]
Y'all know what we doing right now
Tetris mothafucking records, C.O.B
My nigga K-Young just let y'all know how it's going down
You bitches better go hard or go home
We ain't fucking around neither
50 say he just want a lil' bit, I want a whole lot, bitch!
And that's what we talking 'bout
Eastside Longbeach, niggas got problems, holla!