[Hook: Ariano]
I'm not going back [x8]

[Verse 1: Crooked I]
In the bailerer (?) the beast
People barely on their feet
In the gutter, that peanut butter and jelly was a fiest
And we barely read the bible, Makaveli was a priest
The ghetto is a prison, you a sally on the streets
We use each others guns, who does that?
Proly have a party on it when it comes back
The homies say " Ey, yo Crooked home, alarma"
And stole on the other homie for sellin his momma drugs!
That's the way it is, we gotta respect it
A 21 year old sippin on henny, is she pregnant?
Just another "Maury Povich, Jeremy Cowart sabit" (?)
House full of dropouts, we coulda been freshmens, in the U.S.A.,
But instead I'm plugged up like Usb, the dealers wear us keys
My personal crossroads is rapper trap
But when I get outta here, not me

[Hook: Ariano]
I'm not going back (not me)
I'm not going back
I'm not going back
I'm not going back (ever, ever)
Just close your eyes (?)
Just close your eyes
I'm not going back, no

[Verse 2: Crooked I]
I ain't going back to poverty, I have to get paid
I was dreamin' about my escape ever since the 6 grade
I told you Eminem put me on the big stages
Frontpager the source, I'm chillin wearin big shades
From timesquare (check), to hollywood (check)
My money right (check), my momma good (check)
The brad (?) come I'm outta the ghetto
But I ain't rock no brick drums, like hansel and gretel
So I ain't goin' back, matter of fact I don't even know how
Takeover the world or already to Tokyo
You see I was raised in a fuckin shack
Of some brook and boomerang
Shit, I ain't comin back

[Hook: Ariano]
I'm not going back (not me)
I'm not going back (no)
I'm not going back (I can't)
I'm not going back
Just close your eyes (?)
Just close your eyes
I'm not going back, (It feels good)
Going back (It feels good to know)
I'm not going back (never, never)
I'm not going back (never)
I'm not going back
Just close your eyes (close your eyes)
Just close your eyes (just close your...)
I'm not going back, no

(Man)
I'm not going back (after all that)
I'm not going back (the ups, the downs)
I'm not going back (smells and friends)
I'm not going back (the valleys and (?))
I'm not going back
I'm not going back (not going back)
I'm not going back (I'm not going back man)
I'm not going back

(Ariano, LD)