[Distorted Woman's Voice]
Recently, to improve album sales, many artists have started to lie about
...what they are
...what they do
...and who they are (echoes)

[Chino XL]
As a kid I could have sworn every thing a rapper said was the truth
Cause NWA had guns in the booth
Ice T really pimped hoes in a suit
Rakim was god and Slick Rick wasn't scared to shoot (pap pap pap)
Nowadays artists lie in their rhymes
Niggas is tap dancin to their graves like Gregory Hines
I figure great minds like me and Crooked I
Dull rappers shines like the South did to NY
The lyric god fathers smash through ya window
And strangle ya ass to death with ya car charger
We the last monsters, crook and chino
Cause niggas try to decipher the flows like the Da Vinci code
They say we finnin to explode now on the pop side
Rap gave birth to you it's time to get her tubes tied
I've been in the cut like hydrogen peroxide
Music business making me cry like when Proof died
Lyric Jesus been nailed to the cross
Make some real moves, take ya tap shoes off
Dog what you gonna do to me
You ain't even from the hood nigga
..you from a gated community

[Hook: Crooked I] + (Chino XL)
They tap dancers, man they tap dancers
(Ask for the truth..)
There's no straight answers
(How many guns you got?) None
(How many people you shot?) None
(You ain't advancin, you tap dancin)
They tap dancers, man they tap dancers
(Ask for the truth..)
There's no straight answers
(How many years you was locked?) None
(Stop lyin to your fans, you fake man that's the tap dance)

[Crooked I]
Dancin around the truth you rappers are actin
Come out of the booth and need tough actin Tinactin
Metal plates on the bottom of your Air Force Ones
That's what happenin your not rappin your tappin
Listen, I can hear 'em tap dancin
Label told 'em the hidden secret to ad-vancin
Tell the world your strapped just like rap mansion
And crack took you to a shack to a fat mansion
Ask 'em, Crooked I been poor before
I've had to sleep on the floor before
I've went to war before
I've shut down jewelery stores before
But that's my life por favor
Can you give us more of yours
Cause your life will never be mine
Steadily lyin in every line
You got the deadlies nine
The heaviest shine
Yea Chi, niggas wanna be Gregory Hines

[Hook]

[Crooked I]
The Sammy Davis mixed with mister Bojangles
Now how the hell a rapper gon' sprain both ankles?
I don't somber, Nope!, I don't tangle
I'm more like gazelles in L's old Kangol's
Heard you on Whoo Kid
Said you done two bids
Just bought a new crib
Jitterbug, little thug, I ain't stu-pid
My momma sold more marijuana than you did
Holla at her mayne

[Chino XL]
I seen your new video, you think I don't notice it?
You the same coward who used to sing like, Jodeci
Your bands a rental, you never pack metal
Fake swap meet grill, Paul Wall laughin at ya dental
I gotta "Kick, Push" to coast for it
Even if I gotta borrow Lupe Fiasco's skateboard
Rappin's my son, the love never stops
When I'm gone, salute me like Tiger Wood to his pops

[Hook]

[Deep Voice]
Yo, Yo
Yo I'mma tell you straight up, scrate up
I'm the hardest nigga out here
That's it, that's for real, yo
I, I
Yo, I had concrete for breakfast
What's harder than that?
Nothin's harder than that yo
Nothin
You know what I'm sayin
Straight up, I'm so paid
I'm so paid, I start my fireplace with, with stacks of 100 dollar bills
That, man, yo I'm paid
100 dollar bills, You know what I'm sayin?
Shiite. Nothin fuckin with that
You know what I'm sayin. Umm, Shit
Just, Just this past weekend, I was shot 38 times, 38 TIMES
Who can say that?
I mean it was uh, uh, uh friendly game of paint ball but it still hurt
You know what I mean? like I mean, Who could say that?
Nobody can get shot 38 times and live and talk about it
Man, come on son, you know the deal
I'm the illest son that's it, that's it, word up
Nobody can fuck with me, that's for real man
(Laughs and echoes)

(Beat continues until fade out)