[Intro: Crooked I]
Eastside Crooked I, C.O.B. until I die
If they say I'm not a boss, nigga that's a damn lie
Where my Gs in this bitch?
Bring California back
Where my Gs in this bitch?
Bring-bring California back
(x2)

[Verse 1: Crooked I]
You can ask rich boy cause he know
He seen us walking 50 deep through the casino
Long Beach Eastside, niggas yelling (Ay!)
Dynamic Certified, them my niggas (Ay!)
C.O.B. is worldwide get it right (Ay!)
In Sydney, Australia ask DJ Age
On the freeway switching lanes, 3 AKs
On my way to the PJs, Crooked ain't changed
Westcoast, dirty South, East I'm tri-coastal
Flow is so anthrax cause I goes postal
When I goes postal the mail goes global
Remy in my coke, that's who iced out my logo
Candy-painted Chevrolet pulling out the crib, yeah
Long Beach fitted cause I get it how I live, yeah
Big ass .45 poking me in my ribs, yeah
That'll show you barbers how to part a nigga's wig, yeah
Still on the block even though I got papes
Catch me at hop where my nigga pop gates
Real niggas love me because I'm not fake
I just want some unity and let's clock cakes
Shouts out to my nigga Stro', Glasses Malone
Me and Bishop in the booth rocking microphones
I fuck with Guerilla Black, Reggie where the Realest at?
You can ask Chino, Sway and Tech, them the realest cats
Yeah I fuck with Spider Loc and Game, you ain't feeling that?
What you want me to say, I got love for both them niggas, black
Coniyac the X-O, Aftermath, Death Row
Treacherous is here, now let's here it for the West Coast
Misfit, Hostile Clique, my nigga Tiny Style
Hobo, Long Beach Bam, how you like us now?
Enemy of Morticia, Big Chan and Sylk-E. Fyne
Kola Loc and Diamond, Yo-Yo you in your prime
Yukmouth and Keak Da Sneak, rest in peace 2Pac
DK and SKG, what up 40 Glocc
Bullet Loc and Brotha Lynch plus my nigga Ras Kass
Lil J, Shorty K, Tip, Coco Loc and Badazz
Mamey Gun, South Central, Little C-Style and Living Proof
On one and Horseshoe (Ay!), realest niggas in the booth (Ay!)
Wolf Wanggg and Hussein, Nook Dog and LC
Bo Rock and Show Shock, damn I love the LB
Siccmade, EC Uno, my nigga QP
Niggas down in San Diego doing it like some true Gs
Big Syke and One-2 down there from the double 9
True hogs, young hogs, damn I'm running out of time
Jim Gittum, Komplex, hottest on my project
Big Fase, Hot Dollar, Stacee Adams got next
Eastwood is self-made, Chase and Self Scientific
Iman and Sinful, love to hear my niggas rip it
Ya heard?
Off the head, my freestyle flow
Just a couple of motherfuckers that I know
Who West-representing?

[Adlibs]

[Verse 2: Crooked I]
It ain't my fault I'm so cold on you nothing hoes
Momma taught me about hoes, see a woman knows
A real woman knows exactly how the fronting goes
I let you lie, let the truth remain unexposed
Peg legs and canes couldn't make a nigga lame
See I ain't the nigga trying to get some pussy with his chain
Hollywood-ass nigga trying to drop names
My niggas is real, they taught me that boss game
I could change your life, baby if you roll the dice
My nigga, Pimpin' Leprechaun he gave me some cold advice
"What do you tell a bitch with two black eyes?
You don't tell her nothing, you already told her twice"
Game from the pulpit, come and get anointed
I don't hit a bitch I just say I'm disappointed
Then make them bend backwards like they double-jointed
Got to do it for poppa, man they can't avoid it

[Outro]