[Intro: Crooked I]
There comes a time
In everybody's life
When they gotta make a change
I'm tired of being a villain
I'mma change

[Hook: Sally Anthony]
I'm not gon' be your villain anymore
And don't think I’ll live a life of keeping score
I'm not gon' be your villain anymore
And don't think I’ll live a life of keeping score
I'm not gon' be

[Verse 1: Crooked I]
Flat broke, living in the hood
When I need money I be up to no good
Your family's rich, my family's poor
I would trade places with you if I could
But I gotta play with the cards I was dealt
Down on my knees ask God for some help
Man of the house, my dad walked out
Mistakes get made when you father yourself
I was raised on the block, a menace to society
But as a little kid I was innocent entirely
Time went by, life got hard
'Til I started feeling like a villain was inside of me
Mad at the world, but I can't cry
Heart full of pain, and I can't lie
I did a lot of dirt, but now I wanna change
To the bad guy in me I say "bye"

[Hook: Sally Anthony & (Crooked I)]
I'm not gon' be your villain anymore
And don't think I’ll live a life of keeping score
I'm not gon' be your villain anymore (I don't wanna be the villain no more)
And don't think I’ll live a life of keeping score (Hey!... Hey!... no more)
I'm not gon' be

[Verse 2: Crooked I]
I don't wanna be the villain no more
Inside my mind fighting my own war
Half of me wants to be the good guy
But the other half wants to kick down your door
Mixed emotions, they start to confuse me
Last night I hopped in my car with an Uzi
Haters don't feel me, some wanna kill me
I don't really wanna be the star of this movie
Too many years I done fought off regret
I'mma bail like Christian and walk off the set
You can tell the director, and the producer
To keep that noose when it fall off my neck
I was hanging myself: I couldn't breathe
Trapped in the ghetto: I couldn't leave
I couldn't think, I couldn't see
I couldn't take it man, I couldn't be
Guess I thought it was nothing else out there
For a dropout raised on welfare
Brave enough to rob a bank in a heartbeat
But too scared to take my life elsewhere
It ain't easy to go straight
Blind faith, stepped to the plate
I packed up my bag, I walked out the door
I ain't coming back around this bitch 'til I'm great

[Hook: Sally Anthony & (Crooked I)]
I'm not gon' be your villain anymore (I don't wanna be the villain no more)
And don't think I’ll live a life of keeping score (Hey!... Hey!... no more)
I'm not gon' be your villain anymore (I don't wanna be the villain no more)
And don't think I’ll live a life of keeping score (no more)
I'm not gon' be

[Bridge: Crooked I]
Put your hands in the air if you feel me
I'mma change my life if it kill me (Ho!... Ho!)
Put your hands in the air if you feel me (Hey!... Hey!)
I'mma change my life if it kill me
Put your hands in the air if you feel me (Hey!... Hey!)
I'mma change my life if it kill me
Put your hands in the air if you feel me (Hey!... Hey!)
I don't wanna be
I don't wanna be

[Outro: Sally Anthony & (Crooked I)]
I'm not gon' be your villain anymore
And don't think I’ll live a life of keeping score (Hey!… Hey!)
I'm not gon' be...
(No more)