Beyond belief

I know you don't like what we got to say on this, uh, so called gangsta rap. But it's all hip hop
OBAMA
Yeah. I'm tired of y'all separating everything. I'm bringing change, hope, unity (hahahaha)
You can't put backpack rappers in one corner, gangsta rappers in the other one. Everybody need to unite, let's get this money together
OBAMA

Crook is the Block Obama, cause I'm a change the drama
Hip Hop ain't dead it's gettin head from his baby momma
That means its somewhere in the Bahamas chillin up in a sauna
But at any given minute it could become a pirahna
It could hit you with llamas
It could send you through trauma
It could turn back into Big Daddy Kane and Giancana
It could turn into Dr. Dre when he dropped The Marijuana
I mean The Chronic, it can do what the fuck it wanna
That means lean wit it
That means snap wit it
That means backpack wit it
Clap gats wit it
That means rappin bout trappin in your black fitted
Hate it when you act as if we really that different
I call it separation, musical segregation
A tickin time bomb, get ready for that detonation
Hatin can dead a nation, you on some elevation
I'm on some cheddar chasin', let's have a conversation
Socially conscience lyrics they keep my heart warm
But what if that was all we got out of this art form
I need far more, I need some hardcore
And what you think I bought this stereo in my car for
So that 808 bass can blow away my car doors
I know, all of my experiences aren't yours
And yours aren't mine, may be you just fine
Listenin to one kind of music all the time
I need variety, that spice is fly to me
Like Spice 1 and MC Eiht way back in '93
That old Suave House, that Mr. Mike a G
I need some Scarface to help deal with society
I see apartheid I think we need to holla
I rep the darkside vote for the Block Obama
I see apartheid I think we need to holla
I rep the darkside vote for the Block Obama

Yeah, know what I mean man, I mean I think we need a change. Change our attitudes towards each other, know what I'm talkin about? Why couldn't we sit down and have a conversation without, uh, putting it in the press and makin it all a mess. Know what I'm talkin about? I mean, I like all types of music man and I make all types of music. Block Obama. Sometimes, sometimes y'all nigga's is eavesdroppin on a gangsta's conversation

(Fades out)