[Verse 1: Shade Sheist]
Now let's get down to Business.. I know you missed this
Niggas give me daps.. Ladies give me they kisses
Music is delirious the shxt is just senseless
Well that's what they tell me though.. cause I don't listen
I got my motor running like the state of Pistons
I stay making hits through shit you stay pitching
I stay cooking up some funk and this my kitchen
I don't play with with these punks if I forgot to mention
I be smoking a hella lot
Cause life gets complicated like when fixing a helicopter
Karma is bitch but let me see you go try and stop her
Grab her by her arm and I betcha she prolly pop ya.. ha
That's why I feud with a Bitch..
Her actions make me change my views on the bitch
But switch shoes with a bitch
You Gucci but I ain't Jimmy Choo'sin this shit

[Hook: Shade Sheist]
..That's why I'm back in the building
This feeling.. I didn't have last year now I'm chillin
On the Ceiling.. another million
Models from Milan, Some Bitches Be Brazilian
Back in the building
This feeling.. I didn't have last year now I'm chillin
On the Ceiling.. another million
Models from Milan, Some Bitches Be Brazilian..

[Verse 2: Shade Sheist]
And if they ain't I bet they Carribean
Or some other native shit you don't be really seein
Her bra and underwear is European
She prolly got em from a nigga that she likely teasin
And now she switching like a new season
But with dollars in her wallet that's a cool reason
Indoor / Outdoor pool at the mansion
That she just invited me to
Umm.. yeah..
And it don't matter who the owner is
Cause when that nigga outta town you know he gettin his
That's how she justified this lil tryst
Before she spun and broke it down and shook her lil hips
Bitches tell you anything just get the dick
But niggas do the same thang when we lick the clit
I may be speaking from experience..
But ask me if I give a shit

[Hook: Shade Sheist]

[Verse 3: Shade Sheist]
She could even be from Argentina
She could be my partner's sister and i'll call her Gina
Now that's some Scarface shit
And I ain't Manolo so you stay far away bitch
Nah I don't mean to be so damn rude
Cause underneath these G'd up lyrics I'm a good dude
I'm just saying what I'm feelin
And thankful to GOD yall let me back up in this building..
And this feeling..

[Hook: Shade Sheist]