You already know what it is, Shade Sheist
(ooh yeah)

[Shade Sheist]
I ride straight up off the top
We've been at this lil' thing for a while
You impressed and I'm .... yo style, that's the business
You never flipped on a nigga, stayed true
And that's why my heart belongs to you, on the realness
You're everything that I wanted, all the things I could need
You make me feel just like the first time ever smoking some weed
I could be up on a million pills of XTC
But it can never compare to what you do to me
And not to risk sounding real corny, I'ma drop this record and tell 'em what you do for me
I still love her, but it's a brand new journey
And I'm 'bout myself, cause I don't share with the homies
Huh, yeah I laughed when I said that
Told you ..... I was mad when I said that
Said a lot of things that I really didn't mean
Now I'm 'bout to clear it up for my queen

[Hook]
I don't know much, but I know what she's about (oh ooh)
I know that she's something I can't live without
Best believe me when I say this
Baby she the greatest
Call her on my playlist
Cali is my main bitch

[Shade Sheist]
Now who's that kickin' in the gate for the West
Them words still embedded, left side of my chest
I can still hear 'em like they tatted on my neck
Girl you know you come first like a .....
I'm the ....., you the .....
.....
I'm the ....., you the .....
And when you holdin' his hand, it's like you playin' with the whole deck
We ain't about to lose her, I ain't a loser
But I rep that ..... just like the .....
That's word to ....., I told you I'm right behind ya
Like the .....
Girl without me you have no foundation
Without California there's no damn nation
If they talkin' shit well they can keep hatin'
Thinkin' we gon' fall off, motherfuckers 'bout to keep waitin'

[Hook]
I don't know much, but I know what she's about (but I know what she's about, oh ooh)
I know that she's something I can't live without
Best believe me when I say this (this is where I wanna be)
Baby she the greatest (baby you're so ..... for me)
Call her on my playlist (ain't no place I'd rather be)
Cali is my main bitch

[Sergio Selim]
I don't think you realize
How I feel everyday when I open my eyes
In the summertime, as the temperature rise
I feel the love inside
No I don't think you'll ever know it
How much I love .....
Still got a .....
I know you must be sent from above

[Hook]
I don't know much, but I know what she's about (but I know what she's about, oh ooh)
I know that she's something I can't live without
Best believe me when I say this (baby you're my only one)
Baby she the greatest  (I just wanna have some fun)
Call her on my playlist (baby you're my number one)
Cali is my main bitch

La-la-la-la-la-la-la
La-la-la-la-la-la-la
La-la-la-la-la-la-la, yeah