[Intro: Timbaland]
C'mon
C'mon (kah, ok)
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
C'mon (kah, ok)
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
Freak'eda eh ow ow ow ow ow

[Verse: Shade Sheist and Timbaland]
Hey, I done bought that car, brought that mall
Bought my girls all Vicky draws (c'mon)
I done went to Paris, went to London
Went to Asia, look what I done had (huh huh)
I done stepped my game up, my name up
My whole bank account stepped up (uh huh)
Me and my crew is throwin' a big party dude (oooh woo yea)
If you come we must all, get along (get along, get along, get along)
Ladies no pants, all I want to see is thongs (is thong, is thong)
I hope no beef jumps off - hell naw (hell naw)
We all money owners, so be proud y'all, ohh

[Hook: Shade Sheist and Timbaland]
Hey (hey) . 
Push that car it don't matter if it's yours or a loaner
Girls, what y'all talking 'bout
We gon' always be up on ya (always be up on ya)
Fellas, why y'all plotting for
Ain't nobody here gon' run up on ya (gunna run up on ya)
UH! It's a party and we all money owners (Freak'eda eh ow ow)

[Verse: Shade Sheist]
Yep-yes
Now who that skippin' the wait? Who payin' the door?
When even wit a date make it hard for ya to score? (Sheis Sheis)
Who buyin' the bar, I mean literally
Buyin' the bar so that my names on the lease? (Sheis Sheis)
Who makin' his rounds, who givin' up pounds
And five minutes later nowhere to be found? (Sheis Sheis)
Who up in the lot, about to get shot
Cause ladygirls man caught her touchin' my spot (whoo, damn)
Now who got a B, nah who got a V
And who the nigga got 'em both with PS3? (Sheis Sheis)
They give me a charge, I give 'em a plea
A couple a G get the cell wit DVD (Sheis Sheis)
Yo, so many drugs in me, I just totalled this ride
And totally forgot it came from Tim
So, anyone ask for me, you betta' tell 'em
You ain't seen or heard from me at least for week

[Hook: Shade Sheist and Timbaland]
Hey (hey) . 
Push that car it don't matter if it's yours or a loaner
Girls, what y'all talking 'bout we gon' always be up on ya
Fellas, why y'all plotting for ain't nobody here gon' run up on ya
UH! It's a party and we all money owners (Freak'eda eh ow ow)

[Verse: Shade Sheist]
(Hey) I done spoke so long, niggas got to stop
And give the slot another quarter (quarter, quarter)
Flows, they been heated as long as I been
Writing rhymes and using the tape recorder (recorder, recorder)
Shade, he's Sheis, he's never nice
So full of himself he make ya say his name twice (Sheis Sheis)
Notice the chain, then notice how your eyes
Never seem to work the same again? Damn
From L.A. to Boston, a nigga gon' stun proud
Like my name was Stone Cold Austin (Austin)
So gimme a minute (just gimme a minute)
And let find the reciepts I'll show you how much shit is costin' (costin')

[Bridge: Timbaland]
Just gimme a minute, gimme a minute
I'm a show you what . . . it's costin' (costin')
Just gimme a minute, gimme a minute (huh)
Let me get back to flossin'

[Hook: Shade Sheist and Timbaland] (2x)
Hey (hey) . 
Push that car it don't matter if it's yours or a loaner
Girls, what y'all talking 'bout we gon' always be up on ya
Fellas, why y'all plotting for ain't nobody here gon' run up on ya
UH! It's a party and we all money owners

[Outro: Timbaland]
(Timbaland ad libs)
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh
Freak'eda eh ow ow ow ow ow
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh (freak'eda eh ow)
Uh, uh, uh, uh, here we go!
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh (freak'eda eh ow)
Freak'eda, don't stop, don't stop
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh (eh ow ow freak'eda eh ow ow)
Ahh, push that car, push that car
It's mine baby, it's mine baby
Gimme that loan, gimme that loan
It's mine baby, it's mine baby
Push that car (huh huh) push that car
It's mine baby, it's mine baby
Gimme that loan, gimme that loan
It's mine, the bank don't own it (don't own)
Shay Sheis, Timbaland