[Verse 1]
Alright straight up off the top
I'm a hustlah from the block, pullin up in every drop
Inglewood ain't just the spot, it's my city Homie
Centinella till I flop - vehicle ain't got brakes so nxgga we don't stop
I know you couldn't wait to get this back in yo box
Anything that comes from Shade guaranteed it's gon' pop
Now sound them strings - hit a corner with a gangsta lean
We come from Cali and they know just what the fuck that means
Palm Trees, Bomb Bitches where we puff that green
We don't puff that brown, that ain't how it go down
You come around with that shit and yo you might get clowned
I throw up dubs in the city where I rep my town
See me on the Strip - on the Shaw with a Grip
See me in my backyard it might be with a Pit
See me with these nxggaz you ain't neva gotta trip
Cause we still Money Owners on my Timbaland shxt

[Hook]
Yall muthafkaz know my name yea you see me ridin in my Lane
[In that Truck or a Benz..]
All I know is that I handle my Biz..
And y-y-you Already Know Who It Iz
Yall muthafkaz know my name and you damn sure know my game
[I might influence ya Kids..]
I taught ya Daughter how to get this dick..
And now she already Know Wut It Iz

[Verse 2]
Now flip the tip up off the whip and let it beam on Her
She ridin with a nxgga blowin up like C-4
She ain't the type to let a muthafka lean on her
She seein money everyday and she gon' see more
That's my type.. yo that's what I like
If i was a symp nxgga then that's what i'd wife
Kill it kill it, suicide, cut like a knife
To two wristveins plump and lookin ready to slice
Ah.. now that's gruesome.. but i'll do similar to ya
Education.. i'll school ya..
And I'm gifted..
Now BabyGirl you actin hard and heavy but guarantee you that i'll lift it
She-like-my-confidence, luv the arrogance
She-like-me-cause-i'm-big, luv to stare at this
She show up to my house she ain't wearing shit
Now we on my dresser and we tearin to this.. and uh..

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
I remember 16s on the whip.. 16s on the whip
Bumpin Regulators hearin Nate 16 in the clip.. 16 in the clip
They call me Luverboy yea I got 16s for a Bitch.. 16s for a bitch
If it's 20 on the finger then u know it's 16 on the wrist.. 16 on the wrist
And that's a helluva number.. i bring heat - helluva summer
When i went away.. i know.. helluva bummer
That was the year before we voted Obama
And now we doin it again baby word to ya momma
That's word to ya old man.. I'm taking this whole land
If Life is a Bitch well I ain't holdin this ho's hand..
Walk her down the aisle? i ain't giving her no chance
To plan a ceremony where at the end we gon' slow dance

[Hook]