A Million… A Million…
A Million…
A Million…A Million…
A Million… A Million…

(Verse 1: Mike G)
I’ll never say I’m the shit I’m too clean for that
But I will say I’m sick, no strings attached
That, you can promise, don’t need a ring for that
Try get my whole crew rich, so my team can match
Honestly niggas can't fly with no wings attached
So I’m in a G-5 with the screens intact
And I’m a really swell guy just to be exact
Fact is I’ve been worldwide just to take it back
My 'I canget you high' lines make em fiend like crack
So It's Coke Keys i'm dishin till my seat lean back
And the dollar bills flipping till the gold card black
Get four cars to match, I’ma leave it at that
Spit four bars for rapping we can meet in the back
I mean the top, the lord knows I don’t know how to act
I didn’t start at the base, cuz the top attracts
Still first in the race, see how they react
Whats that… ha… just to spit facts
Keep me abstract in combat
I’ve spent about (a million) bucks on the streets alone
Cuz it’s like, the hundreds is my home and I’m
At Alife everyday
Nigga Rogue Status, okay
This pad is my shield, pen’s my sword for real
Embrace the martian, turn the whole world to clover field
Negotiations when I heard ‘em say they’d give me the mill-
Open up the briefcase and shit, I’ll take that deal
No bitch denying me I’m chasing money cuz see
Red, White and green Parmesan I need extra cheese
That drip like Krink, but in cans nigga spray it
Fuck love, all I’ve got for hoes is wait, won’t say it
Tryna Stray from cliché I’m rocking my chain anyway
Bad bitch on my side, she could get it any day
Any day in anyway look theres a price to pay for jocking my move
These niggas watch me like a stage play
Peep this head, cracker, ho smacker
Whack rapper, attack her, Internet hacker
No slacker, best factor, west division bracket
Act like you know TH on the jacket
Not a DJ but I scratch it while you hack it
Make you go go like gadget, perform magic
Without a wand, I drop bombs, without Saddam
A vet without ‘nam, I make sense without common ground
(A million) Rappers wanna be like me I said, (A million) niggas tryna touch mike g
(A million) rappers all tryna prevail yeah, (A million) try but a million fail
07, west coast legend, make the game different
I don’t know why the hell these niggas say it didn’t
Versus  best written, clothes are my addiction
Nine days out the week I’m in the lab spittin’
Or in the cab pimpin’ bitches that look like you
Cuz the seats all white and the coupe’s light blue
I’m a crook like you, cats back in my city
Said they had the King beat dawg, what could I do?
Know what I’m supposed to style, I’m coolest nigga’s poster child
Bet everybody nobody know my style
It’s ironic and what not, how niggas gonna cop
An iced out g-shock just because its hot
Ask, I ain’t gotta Obama shirt to say the least
I won't carry around a President that’s not deceased
And I’m sorry but it’s true, pay me, fuck you
This verse is to guarantee that he can’t be beat
And my main goal is just to have some fun
Cuz the scoreboard don’t show you how the game was won
But west coast mothafucker, what’s fucking with them
Not a damn thing nigga, we doin’ our damn thing

A million… A million…