[Intro]
Yuh yuh aye, Stealth Fighter shit
Right. Say fuck ya'll niggas we don't trust ya'll niggas right

[Verse 1]
I don’t need much. Peace up, A town down
The whip hopping like I'm rolling over speed bumps
My bitches like whipped toppings. Keep em on they knees
Don’t talk it to me if we don't see you over seas much
He’s such a mess. May I confess how, TSA looks at my passport impressed
I post up. I ain’t mad they tried to leave me behind
My best lines make a Bad girl Ri rewind
If you want it then you get it, if no ones had it then I need it
If you got it then you flaunt it. Seen’t it better believe it
It can happen to anyone. Ain’t shit gon be promised
I keep it honest i be saying shit that makes me astonished
Like If you needed Smoke, you can come see me without a doubt
As far as egos go. I’m so conceited I’m wildn out
Where I’m sposed to put this pain without a house?
How long you expect niggas to jump around?

[Hook]
Jump up hold me down. This is how it’s sposed to sound
When I’m up hold me down. You can shout it out
They can never hold me down. Never count me out
Aye, You can shout it out scream it loud say
Fuck y’all niggas we don’t trust y’all niggas, say
Fuck y’all niggas we don’t trust y’all niggas, say
Fuck y’all niggas we don’t trust y’all niggas, say
Fuck y’all niggas we don’t trust y’all niggas, say

[Verse 2]
Where I'm from. Niggas still ride on they enemies
Mike G. Infinitely supply by Hennessy
Obvious you have to concede to better energy
We fight for the same thing but we in a different league
I hit the ceiling hopping between the lines of Symmetry
Feel you found the missing piece whenever you click the link
My word for the whores is bring em water they can drink
Cuz you can change someone's loyalty quicker than you think
Sittin in my shade. And that was just to say
That goes both ways like rappers these days
I'm moving great figure 8 it look like the coupe is skating
And you can hate or relate to these ruthless demonstrations
My automobile racist. That's a slave statement
Cuz We try to kill these niggas wit whips and chains
I'm trynna free your mind before they lock me in containment
Make some room for my name on the pages of your greatest

[Hook]
Jump up hold me down. This is how it’s sposed to sound
When I’m up hold me down. You can shout it out
They can never hold me down. Never count me out
Aye, You can shout it out scream it loud say
Fuck y’all niggas we don’t trust y’all niggas, say
Fuck y’all niggas we don’t trust y’all niggas, say
Fuck y’all niggas we don’t trust y’all niggas, say
Fuck y’all niggas we don’t trust y’all niggas, say
(Repeat)

[Outro]
Mike G
This is that Stealth Fighter shit. Chase Clouds
We go hard. Go hard all day
You know what it is. West Coast shit. Rep where you from. Be what you about