I got broads in the A town. That stay down
King of ya diamonds they gems, make em wait around
Dawg I chase the cat like greyhounds. Bus all over ya town, Ready to go Like it's take out
Most of you rappers fake out
So what makes you think we tolerate hate now
I come with bars of heat pardon me we hardly
See you cop on the street, like a stake out
Got my cape out like I'm superman brother
You outta this world I bet you bleed different colors
Mother fuckers you been bluffing if you think you can touch us
Get one of your eyes swollen thinking you cause ruckus
That's nothing. Imma pass the torch give you something to run with
Ya vision is trash I bet you didn't see this coming
Invade the crib Slap up the kids like I had custody
Get wit ya sister and tell the father to do something nigga

I'm with you black man. I get you black man
This is not to hurt it's to uplift you black man
Something I can't stand
When people talk like they ain't get plans directly from the creators hands
This is nothing but fun to me. I don't hate nothing
I love to watch you shine my nigga cuz you a son to me
You don't have to front on me
Fuck it if it's on then it's on, you can get it how you want it B


Catch up. I watch you act up
Knowing that's is fact that you ain't got no hard drive left to get back up
And everybody's focused on what you do next
So imma embarrass you niggas every chance that I get
Getting cases for guns in videos for promo
Went to ya home and seen donut logos
Pose for photos with your fans at your shows
Come to my city I'm picking up on your hoes
For future reference, man they thought it was a drought
We go ham on everything dawg and pack ya party out
Make you bow to your knees. And the irony is
You don't really stand for nothing like Kapernick
I can't just sit. I make corrections after it
Over words this is something that you ask to risk
So Throw a party have a carnival. Do like your idol do
You a step better than trash dawg you recyclable

I'm with you black man. I get you black man
This is not to hurt it's to uplift you black man
Something I can't stand
When people talk like they ain't get plans directly from the creators hands
This is nothing but fun to me. I don't hate nothing
I love to watch you shine my nigga cuz you a son to me
You don't have to front on me
Fuck it if it's on then it's on, you can get it how you want it B