Yo
Said we gon ride
We gon ride
If you got a problem you can meet me outside, say
Aye, Mike G

I know problems come in twos
The world won't give you a break
The course of action you take is bigger than your mistakes
If you want you can be great. It's not as easy as words
And mine start to slur
But maybe it's all this energy in me that's got me thinking
That we should leap across a lake vacation for a weekend. I'm hoping that my timings great and if it ain't what are you seeking? Cause, if we can't relate, like if you can't meditate and see through all the hate
No need in chasin clouds if we can't associate
If you one of em you can't tell the difference between the fakes
I never mean to be condescending with my language
Anything basic, I re innovate

[Hook]
Thats exactly how it ends when whoever stays wins its called king of the hill it's a game with no friends. We play over and again I stand and defend. With my head held high and my face against the wind
So which path would you choose if you knew you couldn't lose. What do you think is gained when you play by the rules? learn something new, looking for new views. Say there was someone superior I'd only wonder who

We gon ride
We gon ride
If you got a problem you can meet me outside
If you can meet me outside

Maybe it's all this Hennessy in me that's got me speaking a little less than proper if I say it then I mean it
The music never stops, or you suffer like presidents in impeachment
You hope for better not knowing wherever you're going you're considered beyond reason. But just cuz they say no doesn't mean you can't achieve it
Just cuz it wasn't planned it doesn't mean I wasn't thinking. And waiting for someone to understand you is like hoping your winter will be as just as bright as spring is

Thats exactly how it ends when whoever stays wins its called king of the hill it's a game with no friends. We play over and again I stand and defend. With my head held high and my face against the wind
So which path would you choose if you knew you couldn't lose. What do you think is gained when you play by the rules? Learn something new, looking for new views. Say there was someone superior I'd only wonder who

We won't stop
Don't try blocking if you ride wit me imma see you at the top