[Produced by Skinny MooXe]

[Intro: Tommy Swisher]
I think that I just might make it

[Hook: Tommy Swisher]
I think that I just might make it
I smoke my weed like Jamaicans
She getting money, she think I'm a savior oh lord
I be the one that they praising
Drink on the drink til I'm faded
We getting money, I think that I made it, oh lord

[Verse 1: Tommy Swisher]
Who really better than me
I run my district. Know she see the vision yeah
My whole team be winning yeah
My whole team some visionaries
That with me and Swisher man
Always getting hectic for our enemies
Do you take your Hen with ice?
I might lick your tits with ice
Know I get the mood right
We'll be fucking under moonlight
Bumping Dipset in a Cutless
But she get wet when you bump this
When the vibe is chill baby, don't trip
I ain't pressed for nothing, girl I will dip
And I pull up with the whole clique
And we hoe hunting bag ya whole clique

[Interlude: Belly]
Come on with the bullshit, man. You think another motherfucker know what you need to do? Ain't no purpose, dawg. It's money. We born to fucking die, man. In the meantime, get money. Fuck a book, man

[Hook: Tommy Swisher]
I think that I just might make it
I smoke my weed like Jamaicans
She getting getting money, she think I'm a savior oh lord
I be the one that they praising
Drink on the drink til I'm faded
We getting money, I think that I made it, oh lord

[Verse 2: Mike G]
(Hey, hey, Mike G, Swish, yep)
Who fuck you better than me
No one in your recent memory
Hop out and if I don't kill 'em at least I do damage
Get cameras out for this assembly
Upon my entry they hate, and they issue their statements
But there's so much you have to take when you make it
Women keep seeking these faithful relations
Won't let 'em get close enough to get a take on my fragrance
She just know revelance, man
My whole team, we some legends and..
I've influenced more people than..
Your next man wish he ever can
Bad habits got me on the weekend scene
I'm Tiger Woods with the clubs cause I got my own green
It's true, Coupe color ocean water blue
Ain't looked that good since '72
Rare Porsches. Rare guns if you dare intrude
All my dogs go wilder than a Brooklyn zoo
If I seek to be the greatest than you should too
I'm always on the move but dude ain't shit new
You gotta work til your views improve
Well I'ma do it til I make the news
Til my neck strained from chains and jewels
Til I get the strength you gain from taming wolves, uh