Verse 1: Alexander Spit
Yah, I'm writing this from a mansion in Santa Monica yeah
And I'm on the roof, almost famous yelling Geronimo eh
So I'll be Clyde and you'll be Bonnie today
Living up that higher level healings til them Shamans relate
Okay I'm top shelf --- my shades John Belushi, blues brother
Coupes have a in a Honda hoopty
Booty on my lap softer than a chocolate souffle
Body like a poem I swear to god I got it proofread
---------------------------------------------------------
Looking like VHS playbacks and dangerous minds
We got an opus from Caleb, yeah that's my favourite kind (?)
With a slow cop tryna get us, that's my favourite swine

So next time you see me out in New York New York
Just throw that peace sign up at me like I'm too short too short
I'm tapping on the beat wearing penny loafer cleats
Jammin' Nas onto the track now that metaphor's complete (?)
(SPIT)

Verse 2: Cashius Green
Genuine pony, playing I just hit the stogie
It be days like these when a nigga thing baloney (?)
I don't eat it, yeah you know you can't repeat it
This girl got me chain smoking her pussy, so conceited
And I ain't tryna fight the case, I'm just tryna beat it
Like handy man, 2 weeks later semen
I got a demon, I don't teach 'em, kill the leaders, -------
And burn up every single Madea tape in the red box
Smoking wax by the dreadlocks
If you live by the --- the number one be a head shot
Nigga you better not, before I cop a cot
And Russell Brand your Mamma with the Cocaine crops

Who tryna watch me? Who tryna spot me?
Turn this motherfucking house into a lobby
In a Rari, who gon' stop me?
I'm already on E that's money making Muhammad Ali

Verse 3: SPEAK!
Uh, I wanna ball like a young Paul Wall (Whoa)
I wanna drink like an old Scott Hall
So, Roald Dahl if you got the giant peach
Mamma didn't mean to reach, now I'm slurring with my speech
I'm a (POSE) Throw them nickers keep moist
I came up out the void, had a couple hundred joys
And all I wanna shoot is who don't wanna be them boys
Got some groupies on my loins but I wouldn't share a coin
With a bitch, who was pantie-less, Kiss her with my henny lips
Cut a couple corners, get her naked then I penny pinch
Nipples like a cray fish and I'm into bondage (?)
I could break your heart quicker than I break a promise
Honest, engine, fire, water, pale face
The worlds evil, better start saying grace
Y'all no's try fishing with the jail bait
You'll never catch this, spraying on your dinner plate

Verse 4: Mike G
Aye yo, what use is a plane? If you have no one to fly it?
Push hands from over my eyelids, I try it, to make em riot
Say who's something I bet they never thought I'd be inside it
So hot, my aviators have my flyer than your pilot
You perfect it then they buy it
And if I sold drugs
I could keep it on the low so nobody would know
But my connect in my client, So at times, move in silence
This is like buried treasure, metal detectors probably find it
Run a race what do you wonder? Riders for the runners, don't rush
But told my brother I'd be rich by next summer
Cos in my mind there's no waiting for time
In this ravenous, impatient restating of mind
A young Bob Marley in his prime
S'only like one and only
You have step in, I'm a hardcore legend like Michael Foley
Going slowly, Even locked in a cell you couldn't hold me
Takes practice, get it mastered, with this flow and I'm a pro see?