'Fore we go in there I feel obligated, I gotta tell you
Like, heh, if you can control it like
Don't say anything dumb, or do anything dumb around Mike G
Cause he, he'll probably smack the shit out of you
(What'chu mean he gon' smack me?)
Like he'll smack... his hand is gon' meet your face
Real fast as fuck, like he's gon' slap you
(Seriously? I doubt it) Yeah yeah (No I doubt it)
Aight, no? Heh, okay~! (He's not gon' smack me)
Okay... (I don't think like, no) You don't know Mike G
(Well whatever) That's why you sayin that
Cause you don't know Mike G (Whatever!) Aight
Okay, ay
Ayy whattup y'all? This umm, Nicole
This my girlfriend Nicole
Nicole, Mike G - Mike G, Nicole
Whassup? (Hi!) You know Justin right? She know me
(Yeah I know that bitch) Bitch? No names
Wrong skit HAND! [pounds fist]
But umm, heh, I'm gonna go to the bathroom y'know?
(I don't need to know that!) I'm just tellin niggas
So when I leave the room, they know where I'm goin
(Okay but I'm telling you that's just) {AY AY AY, AY!}
(So... Justin) Man don't talk to me
I thought I was a bitch, I thought I was a bitch!
(How you been? How you been?) Don't talk to me
I thought I was bitch (Okay, well whatever, anyway)
(Sup Mike G, sup? Where you get your hair done at?)
(Man those curls would look nice on my girlfriend Shontell)
[Odd Future guys laughing] The fuck you say?
(Oh! I know you did not just smack...)
(Oh, oh my God Taj, Tajjy come here!) Fuck that was too fast
(No; Taj he just smacked me - you, you)
(He just smacked me, you gotta do somethin he just smacked me!)
Hey hey hey hey - Mike G, Mike G did you smack her?
{Yeah dawg I did} Why'd you smack her?
{I mean she deserved that shit right}
(Don't ask him why he smacked me, the point is he smacked me}
(You gon' ask him?! Oh hell then you a bitch too)
(You a bitch just like Justin, oh hell no...)
Mike why you smack her?
{Like I said dude, she deserved that shit}
{And if I gonna smack somebody I'm a smack them like...}
Girl what the fuck I told you, heh
See I told you before we got her, she don't be listening
I told you before we got her don't say anything dumb to Mike G
(I thought you were just playing when you said he was gon' smack me)
(I mean you were laughing, I thought you... you know what?)
(Oh hell no...) [voice trails off]
You just gon' leave? F'real, you f'real you just gon' leave me?
C'mon! Look c'mon I... hey wait
Mike {yeah} can you find me another girl to fuck tonight?
{Yeah no doubt dog} Oh, okay!
Yeah umm, bye!