[Intro: Waka Flocka]
Squad!
(I’m drinking champagne one deep in my phantom ghost Uh!)

[Verse 1: Waka Flocka Flame]
I’m drinking champagne one deep in my phantom ghost (Uh!)
Bad bitch with me wonder where my manners go (Turn Up)
My youngings sick, sick, where the antidote? (They geekin')
Aiming at your top, bust you cantaloupe (Pussy)
He forty-six and he's still selling dope (OG)
How the fuck you ballin' with a car note? (How the fuck?)
I’m in the trap, real shit where the felons go (Squad)
Cury never had a job, he always used a bowl (Whip it)
Them youngin’s run up in your house what it's hitting for
No mask just to let you know who did it ho
I’m from Riverdale, all I know is get it in (Riverdale)
I got weed, I got mollies, what you tryin' to spend?

[Hook: Waka Flocka Flame]
50k for a show and my niggas sellin’ schwag
She's a red bottom bitch Versace shirt, Birkin bag
I'm a get money nigga, don’t use the card, or keep a tab
Before I leave my fucking house, grab my pistol and my flag
Thumbing through the bands I be playing with a check, uh! (x4)

[Verse 2 : Waka Flocka]
My foreign car painted flat black (Turn Up)
My girl hopped out ass fat (Damn)
Paparazzi keep flashing pictures (Flocka)
Broke niggas looking wanna be these niggas (Pussy)
4 grams in my Backwood (I’m smoking)
Millionaire nigga still keep it hood (Riverdale)
Pay the extra 60 for that steel hood
Phantom ghost got a nigga living good (Turn up)
I bet your bitch want a nigga
(Hey come here shawty)
I bet she wanna fuck a nigga
(Hey come here shawty)
Never be a broke nigga (Hell naw)
She like "Fuck gold!" shawty she a platinum digga

[Hook]

[Verse 3: T.I.]
Dope boy fresh, hell on the scale, shorty
Trap nigga ask Red Cross in Riverdale
Bitch I still run the South, got them mils at the house
Bunch a bad ass bitches like to chill at the house
I dont fuck with none of them suckers but they bitches on my dick
Got my youngin with my buss at anything I tell him hit
Bought my girl a .45, told her put it in her purse
Spent 350 on a vert, made a hundred for this verse
Told Flocka you can bring this shit in cash or in work
He brought twenty and a bag, I say fuck it, that’ll work
You don’t want to be caught in my dope spot, nigga
Talking 'bout your silly bitch get you both shot, nigga

[Hook]