[Intro: Travis Scott]
What's the problem? What's the problem?
In New Orleans with the blessin'
And the thotties, finna bless 'em
Yeah yeah, yeah yeah
Fuck the drought, been the freshest
In the mollies, I'm in the mansion
She in the Charger, I'm in the Jaguar

[Chorus: Travis Scott]
Black and Chinese, meds on relieve (yeah!)
Pop it for me please, hands on your knees (pop it, pop it)
Came up out the trees, everything achieved (cash)
Blessed me with the keys, never want to leave, yeah
Lambo drivin', you pedestrian (yeah, yeah)
Yeah, ten hundred thousand, apply the pressure (alright!)
Yeah she couldn't drive it, she took a Tesla (it's lit!)
Told her wrap around me just like a necklace (yeah!)
Yeah, yeah

[Verse 1: Travis Scott]
These not 40 pointers, drippin' like quarter water (water)
Really don't see you sorta (sorta), movin' in and out the border (border)
Really ain't takin' orders (orders), livin' a dangerous life (life)
Hell try to melt the ice (ice), levitate through the night (night)

[Verse 2: Quavo]
(Ooh, yeah yeah, yeah)
What's the meanin', these niggas schemin' (yeah yeah)
She popped a Xanny, the bitch is sleepin' (Xan)
My coupe too fast, police didn't see me (skrt, skrt)
If they catch me, they gon' try to seize me (seize)
Yeah, machine ran (code), the codes all scan (brrt)
She pop the bands (pop it), she addicted to scams (swipe it)
Runnin' through coins, Sonic (woo)
But I ain't go tell nigga (no snitchin')
All this water they collectin' in the well, nigga (splash)
All these bales that we layin' on that scale, nigga (bales)
All my niggas they free outta jail, we on the way up, nigga (free)
Still a true player (player)
Fuck on your bitch and don't lay up (smash)

[Chorus: Travis Scott]
Black and Chinese, meds on relieve (yeah!)
Pop it for me please, hands on your knees (pop it, pop it)
Came up out the trees, everything achieved (cash)
Blessed me with the keys, never want to leave, yeah
Lambo drivin', you pedestrian (yeah, yeah)
Yeah, ten hundred thousand, apply the pressure (alright!)
Yeah she couldn't drive it, she took a Tesla (it's lit!)
Told her wrap around me just like a necklace (yeah!)
Yeah, yeah

[Verse 3: Quavo]
Woo, pocket rocket (baow), bankrolls (bankrolls)
All the hoes (hoes), at the shows (shows)
Taekwondo (yeah) and karate (karate)
Ice tray (ice), Elliante (ice, ice)
What you know (kill) 'bout hot stoves? (hot)
Streets gold (streets), fishbowl (fish), bad bitches (bad), on go (go)
She gon' wipe your nose (wipe it), she gon' wipe your nose