[Intro]
I don't even wanna
Southside
Gang shit
Gang gang
8-8-8-8...
It's five in the morning in this bitch

[Verse]
Can't believe I made it
Used to wake up get faded
This Hollywood shit was foreign to me like I just hopped off the slave ship
These niggas signing two million dollars, 360 deals
Getting on some slave shit
Popped out on the opps with the Glock in my hand like, "fuck it"
I was on some brave shit
Me and lil' bro hop out, blaze shit
We ain't need no special occasion
Now I go do two shows and come home with 80, this shit brazy
This street shit out here changing
Niggas signing affidavits
Want beef with me?
I'm supposed to be a street nigga, street nigga how I played it
I was on the block daily, 'fore I got famous
77th to 79th, Yates to Kingston, it was all Rangers
8 A.M. we up, on the way to target practice, them was our ranges
Them lil' No Limit niggas, stay away from they ass dangerous
They don't need no aim, they'll kill a stranger
We ain't shoot from no angle, put that bitch in your brain, boy
Bang, boy
Gang gang, boy
Exotic pack, new thing boy
It's going down in Illinois
Them boys shooting like Phillinois
Ballin' like Kobe
Herbo, what you do?
Get bored, hit Saks, spend 24
Swervo, why you ain't got no feelings? 'Cause I'm gangsta to the core
Perc' 30 make me fuck 'til she sore
Gotta go get a Plan B from the store
'Cause I just had a lil' boy, closet got more Gucci drip than yours
Keep at least a lil' 50 ball in the drawer
Withdraw 100, deposit 4
Ain't gotta look over my shoulder no more
We went way, way up on the score
My crib way, way up on the floor
Like 50 of them bitches above yours
And I get right off the plane, hop in the foreign, bonjour
Pull up in a foreign, bonjour
Who got a Bentley sprinter? I'ma take that bitch on tour
Who got a new Draco? I'ma take that bitch on tour
Just got a brand new money counter, I'ma take that bitch for sure
They tryna ride my wave, they gon' take that bitch to shore
I'm living thug life like 2Pac Shakur
Swervo, you always rap about 2Pac Shakur
See you in the black Benz, I hope you got that Glock in yours
Niggas ain't taking care of business, you on top of yours
These hoes fucking up they paper, they ain't stopping yours
Bought a portable studio, I'ma take that bitch on tour
(All these niggas new shit trash, when you dropping yours?)
Everybody claiming they in they bag, when you gon' hop in yours?
Oh you in the Jag'? I ride G12
Fuck is that, a Ford?
Laughing at the rear view, high speed with the Jakes
Fuck is that, a Ford?
Soon as we jumped on the E-way, they ain't even wanna chase no more
But I ain't been to the hood, they don't see my face no more
This shit got way too good to be true, I wasn't fighting the case no more
Fuck would you do? Chiraq ain't safe no more
Lost Cap, I can't holla at my ace no more
Mad zips to the face no more
Had Porsches and [?] outta court, switch whips at Lakeshore
Seen what happened to that boy, I had to pour a four
Deuces wasn't doing shit for me no more, I had to pour a four
Sodas and juices wasn't doing shit for me no more, I had to pour up raw
That shit get the best of me and I be riding snoring
Wake up, think 'bout my dawgs
Next thing I know I'm dropping some more
I was 18, riding foreigns, bonjour
Fucking cougars, would've tried to put this dick in some more
Still was fucking bitches my age, might've put dick in your daughter
Some days was broke as fuck
No homo, had my dick in the floor
Had to get shit in order
30 in the Ruger clip, I wish that bitch had some more in there
VV's in the Dweller, look like I hit that bitch in some water
BD, GD, Stone, whatever
Get some money, 'cause I ain't have a quarter
Long Live that nigga Zack TV, heard he had a daughter
The police here ain't solving murders, this ain't Law & Order

[Outro]
Southside
8-8-8-8...