[Intro]
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah

[Hook]
Oh, ran up my check now I can't be these niggas
I, I want that cream just like s'mores, aye
Ran up a check now I can't be these niggas
Young Thugger liking the time, and the time, and the time, and the time
I be liking the time, and the time, and the time, and the time, and the time
Aye!

[Verse 1]
Thugger Thugger gon' take yo ass in that truck! (Come on)
Oh yeah, yeah
Thugger Thugger gon' let you meet his mother, his father, his sister, his girl, and his cousin
And I look like a million, yeah (Cash)
I look like a million, yeah
Girl I watch your children while you go to work all the time, all the time, all the time, all the time, yeah
Ballin' in a trap, pullin' all the trash from the back
From the back, from the back, aye
Try to gimme somethin', I don't know how to act
Why the hell is it so fat, and you don't know how to bounce that

[Hook]
I be like "whoa!"
Oh, ran up my check now I can't be these niggas
I want that cream just like s'mores, yeah
Ran up my check now I can't be these niggas, uh
I be like "whoa!" (Cash Talk)
Ran up my check now I can't be these niggas
I want that cream just like s'mores!
Ran up my check now I can't see 'em, no

[Verse 2]
That butt sit out like a open thong
Got tons, got sons, we can go meet moms
My swag worth a milli'
I'm a blood, I want a Bentley
These hoes take me down, they wanna sue my business
S-L-I-M-E, can't spell "slime" without "me"
I strapped to the "T"
I'ma make sure I spit when I sneeze
(Chee, chee!)
King Cupper my Wodie, no Magnolia
Drink yo sister, no solar
I'm cold as a Polar
No Magnolia but I know ya

[Hook]
Oh, oh, oh
Ran up my check now I can't be these niggas, nah
I want yo cream just like s'mores, just like s'mores baby
Ran up my check now I can't see 'em, nah, nah
I be like "whoa", I be like "whoa!" Yeah!
Ran up my check I can't see these niggas, no!
I want yo cream just like s'mores! Aye
Ran up a check now I can't see these niggas, yeah
Ran up a check now I can't see these niggas

[Outro]
Ran up a check now I can't see these niggas
Ran up my check now I can't see these niggas
Build up them blocks till I can't see these niggas
Whoo!