[Intro]
808 my crew

[Verse 1: G Herbo]
Yeah, hit the scene, so fresh, so mothafuckin' clean (Herbo, okay, Herbo)
And my car so fast, it's leavin' everything (Herbo, everything)
I love you so, mama, and thank you for everything (everything)
And you know, mama, I was doin' everything
Usin' guns, ecstasy, I'm on extra lean
In the hood I'm sellin' molly, raw, everything (what you need?)
Heroin, we crushin' Tylenol, everything
Weed, soft, everything
Hit the mall, 50 G's, and I bought everything
Plug just like Tom Brady, boy, I caught everything
My Uncle a gangster, I'm the one he taught everything
You can't be my lady, sneaky bitch, I saw everything

[Chorus: G Herbo]
"Herbo, what you do for fun?" Bitch, everything
"What you gon' do with that gun?" (Bow) Bitch, everything
"What kind of drugs you wanna run?" Bitch, everything
"If you die what you gon' leave your mom?" (Huh?) Bitch, everything

[Verse 2: G Herbo]
Everything on you phony (phony)
Niggas lie 'bout everything, put it on they homies (what?)
Hatin' ass nigga, you want everything on me
Swervo saucy, everything got double Gs, don't it
Italian beef with everything, extra cheese on it
I done iced out everything, them VV's on it (ayy, Herbo)
I done tried everything, except coke and dope (hah)
I done fired everything, .40s blow the most (bow)
Seen dead bodies, everything, so I drove the Ghost (skrrt)
Told that bitch take off everything, I ain't even close (I ain't even close)
Took everything in me not to close your fuckin' door (not to close your fuckin' door)
Barney's on me, everything, everything boss
Everything exhaust

[Chorus: G Herbo]
"Herbo, what you do for fun?" Bitch, everything (uh huh)
"What you gon' do with that gun?" (Bow) Bitch, everything (uh huh)
"What kind of drugs you wanna run?" Bitch, everything (uh huh)
"If you die what you gon' leave your mom?" (uh huh) Bitch, everything

[Verse 3: Lil Uzi Vert]
Yuh, everything (everything)
My new whip, that bitch, it came with everything (everything)
I'ma turn that boy into a heavy stain (bow, bow)
Whippin' up that dope, yeah, that's that heavy cream (whip it)
I been fuckin' on your bitch since I was 17 (17)
Even though my Glock hold 30, this a 17 (yeah)
Chop it, whole thing from the Medellín (uh)
My old gun, that shit was dirty but I kept it clean
Mask off, remember me
Extra button on the back 'cause my Uzi a lemon squeeze
Gucci, Louis, Fendi, Prada, swag swag swag, that's my disease
Fuck her once, I gotta leave, smokin' dope, I'm Japanese
Fucked her in the master suite, I ball like an athlete

[Chorus: G Herbo]
"Herbo, what you do for fun?" Bitch, everything
"What you gon' do with that gun?" Bitch, everything
"What kind of drugs you wanna run?" Bitch, everything
"If you die what you gon' leave your mom?" Bitch, everything

[Verse 4: Chance The Rapper]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I know a girl that do everything
Model, DJ, do hair, everything, babysit, strip, run skrips everything
Doctor said, "What hurts?" said, "Everything" (Huh)
Somersault, nigga, you done been in every gang (yih, yih)
Shaun Livingston, you done been on every team (yih, yih)
Knew the game, still you gave that bitch a wedding ring (huh)
I took her number, gave her NuvaRing
And never rang, never give 'em everything
Chano what you do for fun? Smoke a blunt
Spades with the jokers, playin' poker
Me and Oprah just might go for lunch
Fishin' with some bitches where they breakin' open coconuts
Shoppin', goin' postal, ain't been local since we opened up (since we opened up)

[Chorus: G Herbo]
"Herbo, what you do for fun?" Bitch, everything
"What you gon' do with that gun?" Bitch, everything
"What kind of drugs you wanna run?" Bitch, everything
"If you die what you gon' leave your mom?" Bitch, everything