Everybody sayin' that they want me to shine like they really-really mean that, but..
I don't think that's the case, 'ya just spit in my face, friendship.. you can keep that, ah
'Cause the gun in my safe, get the fuck out my face before I turned it into an issue, yeah
In a hundred mile race with some rome on my waist and I'm burnin' down your igloo, heeyy
Everybody be like Merk what the fuck are doin' .. why the fuck did you do that?
Man, I just started as a new jack, spit a few raps if they sayin' that I'm too fat, try to buckle up people who rap too bad, who's that, boo yeah, urrggghhhe, takin' on your food stamps
With a fork, with a plate, with a knife, with a cup, where my motherfuckin' spoon at
I ain't scared of 'ya all, I'm still runnin' like I'm Terry Fox, they barely walkin', I fell into the paradox, next mane grew a pair of claws, my shit tighter than laces on your pair of docks, get it
Listen, I been kinda fucked up lately, my loved ones think that I'm somewhat crazy, I work forward to a trust fund, baby
I look 'em in the face like "Fuck you! Pay me!"
I be lyin' if I told you that I wasn't like you as a kid doin' dumb shit, yah
But the thing is, man, I'm still doin' dumb shit, sippin' out of 40 til my buzz hits, hhaaaa
Twenty three, I'mma make 'bout thirty, I'm a team player with my name on my jersey, play in my way, so they say that I'm dirty but I'll be goin' crazy til my state of mind sturdy
Hold up, ha-ha.. bitch, laugh at other rap group til I spaz when I grab a pencil, can't you see that I be heated like a habanero, smoke a weed with LSD inside the black Camaro until I crash in the traffic, I slam the pedal
When the cops show up, I tell 'em it's accidental 'cause I'm the illest in my city, I don't lack potential but if you think your shit's dope.. Haha, I let you, hold up
We used to sleep in the car on tour, we weren't getting paid, it was all outwore, we really had it bad but not no more 'cause we the best now with a ball on our court
So tell Future I'm the future now, the dentist in your grill like a rookkanaal, abuse your style, I'm ruthless, I shoot 'em down, I'm chewing now, clueless, I'm stupid foul
It's Merk

I pick out McDonalds, yeah, I pick out McDonalds, yeah
Skill set for a hundred pounds, I'm so fat.. I can't run around
Turn a hundred nuggets to a hundred pounds, milk shakes I just jug 'em down
I pick out McDonalds, yeah.. I pick out McDonalds, yeah
Skill set for a hundred pounds, I'm so fat.. I can't run around
Turn a hundred nuggets to a hundred pounds, milk shakes I just jug 'em down
I pick out McDonalds, yeah.. I pick out McDonalds, yeah
Skill set for a hundred pounds, I'm so fat.. I can't run around
Turn a hundred nuggets to a hundred pounds, milk shakes I just jug 'em down