[Intro]
See there's pussy niggas everywhere
Gutter niggas everywhere
You niggas 'bout that shit or whatever
Y'all already know niggas about they issue

[Verse]
I was fucking with you strong, what's the issue?
What you wanted? A lil song or a picture?
You say somebody hit your phone like it's pressure
So we'll just fuck it dog, I thought that we was better
What you wanted? A lil shoutout, a lil publicity?
If you asked me I would've did it with no resistance
You made a diss song and now you in your feelings
Runnin' around telling niggas you wasn't dissin'
Yeah, you niggas bout that life, but we more realer
Every time you pull a play, we pull one bigger
Yeah, you niggas 'bout that too, but we some lunatics
Man you niggas should've thought before you do the shit
Tried to shoot a video on my corner but we shoot the shit
If you a bitch then tell the media that you a bitch
I don't tweet, I tell that nigga pull up, bring some food
All my zombies in the projects will devour you
And it's easy to keep the tool but you don't know how to move
And you niggas ain't strategic, and you moving loose
My nigga caught him at the wrong time with the .22
Yeah, he let the .22 go, but it's a .22
I ain't specifically talkin' 'bout you Heffer
You niggas ain't got no balls, ain't got no testicles
You niggas pussy, ain't got no balls ain't got no pelvis
'Cause if you was a man you wouldn't be jealous
Y'all done brought it to a whole other level
Niggas getting kidnapped and getting let go
Niggas only did that just to scare you
To tell the truth, if I was there you would've been dead, bro
And I feel like it's a blessing I'm on house arrest, bro
'Cause you niggas already know a nigga head first
My cousin just got hit up and it fucked my head up
I was ready to rock and roll, come find my heavy metal
I ask my people "Why you move my gun when I went to jail for?"
This house arrest might be a blessing, might be better
What the hell happened to that 187
On another note, you niggas should've knew better
Niggas know we ain't the niggas to be fucked with
But you niggas out here smoking on that fuck shit
Oh, you know we them niggas from the project
Oh, you know we them niggas, we them zombies
And you know we them niggas, boy, we about it
And you niggas gookin' right now smokin' mollies
If yall wasn't smoking mollies y'all would know the deal
How you a Z, but you goin' against the will
And I don't cop deuces, I cop 30s
And I can't believe Bushawn that nigga dirty
Yea you bout that shit you live it but you workin'
I don't care what you did out here, nigga you workin'
I keep having visions about these niggas getting wet up
How the hell you can't tell me 'bout the set up?
And I don't cop no pleas unless I'm jammed up
The only way you talk to me is about some cheddar
I'm swimming in the pool with my Beretta
I been learning moves dancing with the devil
Damn I heard you ain't wanna let the Draco spray
Why the hell you even got it anyway?
I don't even know why niggas [?]
You should've came with bloods, you just wannabe
How you ridin' with a nigga who stripped you out your jeans?
Man how you forgive a nigga who had you on your knees