[Intro: Mysonne]
Real niggas, what up? (What up?!)
Nigga told you molly, Percocets, huh? (Word?)
That's what they said?
Okay
Pssh, heard you (Uh-huh)
(Mysonne!)

[Verse 1: Mysonne]
I ain't got to take a mask off
'Cause I ain't never put a mask on (Never!)
Real niggas don't hide they face
That fake shit ain't gon' last long (Uh-huh?)
Leech niggas just grab on
Do anything for a dollar (Anything!)
Man they don't just suck (No!)
These niggas might swallow (Haha!)
These niggas y'all follow
Is in the fast lane going nowhere (Uh-huh?)
Got you on the path to crash
They getting cash, so they don't care
Trying to tell you what you don't hear
Can't see and it's so clear
Real riders don't cosign that fake shit, nowhere
That's why I expose these bozos (Uh, huh?)
Straight up, no fear
Every song they screaming out they block, can't even go there

[Chorus: Mysonne]
They on Percocets (Uh-huh?)
Molly, Percocets (Uh-huh?)
How you sellin' coke just to buy some Percocets? (How?)
What, you took a hundred pills and them shits ain't working yet?
You addicted, you a fiend and you gon' drug yourself to death (Uh-huh!)

[Verse 2: Mysonne]
I ain't trying to offend y'all (Nah!)
But I ain't here to protect y'all (At all!)
Anybody tell you to take that shit
They ain't your friend, y'all (not at all)
Strongly recommend y'all to start realizing your circle
Surround yourself by the wrong ones for too long, that shit gon' hurt you
These snakes either gon' murk you (Uh-huh?)
Cake gone and dessert you (Uh-huh?)
Make sure nobody eat off of your plate that don't deserve to (That's right!)
Say patience, is a virtue
The streets teach you've got to go fast
That money come, so quick
And it feel good but it don't last
Feds come (Uh-huh!) run done
Straight to jail jump past - go
Now you're in a cell stressed with your broke ass
That's right, I said broke ass
'Cause the feds take your possessions
Lawyer charge you 20K
Just to ask you some questions
You plan to get a little sentence? (Why?)
'Cause nigga, you ain't gon' beat the feds
So you might as well just cop out, keep your bread
You gon' need that (For what?)
For them phone calls and that commissary
Or you're gon' starve
Or you gon' call your baby mama every time
You get low (Uh-huh!)
You mad she said no (You mad!)
But you left there in the streets
With your kid, and no dough
And you can't find your bro
You was getting all of that bread with
Same nigga feds asked about when they snatched you
And you ain't said shit
That bad chick you used to fuck with (Uh-huh!)
Spending all of your bucks with (Uh-huh!)
You know the one you was freaking awful on your truck with (You know!)
You ain't seen that chick in like 4 or 5 years (Damn!)
'Cause she done changed her phone number, disappeared (Real talk!)

[Bridge: Mysonne]
Listen here, shorty better find another rug
These streets will chew you up and spit your ass out (I said!)
Listen here, shorty better find another rug
These streets will chew you up and spit your ass out
And have you on...

[Chorus: Mysonne]
Percocets (Uh-huh?)
Molly, Percocets (Uh-huh?)
How you sellin' coke just to buy some Percocets? (How?)
How you take a hundred pills and them shits ain't working yet? (Huh?)
You addicted, you a fiend and you gon' drug yourself to death, nigga

[Outro: Mysonne]
Ugh!
That's the truth
Haha!
Molly, Percocets, these niggas is crazy
Mollies in upwards and downwards, huh?
Take 'em both!
Blow your heart out!
Listen, man
I wasn't born last night
I was born in night time but it wasn't last night
Nigga ain't gon' tell me the sun ain't shining when I see it
These niggas will piss on you and tell you it's raining
Good luck with that
Hahaha
Percocets
You on Percocets
Percocets (What?)
You on Percocets
You a fiend, nigga
You a fiend