[Intro]
(Ayy, Southside, where'd you get all that drip?)
Brr, hah, Asian Doll!
Uh, hollup, ayy, ayy, bitch!

[Verse 1]
Real street bitch from the South Side
Any nigga test my gangsta, nigga bound to die
You ain't talking 'bout no money, don't see eye to eye
Sneak dissing on the net, you get no reply
Bitch, you broke, and you mad, can't get into you
Say you know me, I don't know you, I'm no friend of you
Freaky bitches, suckin' dick, the gang got introduced
Niggas wanna catch me slippin', bitch I'm bulletproof
I'm a real bitch, I spit real shit
I sit back and let my niggas do that kill shit
Since '96, I've been a product of my hood, bitch
You can see it in my eyes, I ain't gon' snake shit
I got Percs, I got Xans, for the low-low
Mama broke, she was fiendin' for that coco
Daddy told me, "Baby girl, you ain't gon' blow-ow"
Signed to Gucci, now I'm gettin' it, bitch, I'm solo
Hottest female artist, girl, you look retarded
Way these diamonds sitting up on my neck, it look like tardy
I ain't talkin' no apologies, these niggas sorry
Put that beam right to your head, while I'm gettin' naughty
.40 make you burn, it make your motherfuckin' block hot
Any bitch that want it, she gon' get it, I'm the top notch
Asian, I'm the fizzle, wanna pop it on his pizzle
Made him eat me like a Skittle, I got niggas, they some hittas

[Bridge]
Wanna taste it? Just a little
Wanna taste it? Just a little
Wanna taste it? Just a little
Wanna taste it? Just a little

[Verse 2]
Ayy, 50 bands in my pants, fly like Peter Pan
I told that nigga I'm not fakin', I'm not with pretend
My bitch she bad, she a stylist, she came from Japan
When I pull up, need my money, 'bout my dividends
Ghetto bitch, she Creole, now my nigga need more
When my check account was zero, kids, they think I'm hero
Run up, bitch, you stupid, I got shooters and they suited
Bitch you talkin', I'ma lose it, off the earth, I'm fuckin' zooted
Real young street bitch, and I'm from the South Side
Cross my heart, and hope to die, these niggas, they bound to die
I'm not with the sucker shit, I'm not with the fuckery
Made it out, I'm born to be, my niggas split a hundred P's
Real young street bitch, and I'm from the South Side
Cross my heart, and hope to die, these niggas, they bound to die

[Outro]
Brrrr, grrrah!
Asian Doll, bitch
1017 shit, fuck is y'all talkin' 'bout?
Hardest female in this shit, ha
Eskimo! Doll