[Intro]
Aw.... aw...
So like... every once and a while I release a track right?
People are like "man how'd you even come up with that stuff?
Like I don't understand how... know'm saying?"
And I'm like dude... I wrote that in like 20 minutes...
It ain't even nothing... so... once and a while, I be like...

[Verse]
These my throw away rhymes
So rappers go and pick and choice your fav lines
You need some help then go ahead and take mine
Chop it up and lay 'em down to save time
Cook it up like based god and serve 'em up like tray lines
Ride around in that Martin down in Arizona for Trayvon
Jump ball it's play time, grab the 9 like Rondo
And watch me get my Rajon, my rage on, my range on
Check ya girl get rained on from stacks larger than hay rides
Went and killed that pussy cat, now she's down to 8 lives
Now she on that stage 5, beat it up, she clean it up
And hit again at the same time, that's Mark Teixeira and A-Rod
Oh lord I stay fly you walk around with them pigeon toes
I switch it up with these different flows you stuck spittin' them same rhymes
Yo girl be missing clothes and standing under that mistletoe
I pass and slam that's give n go no ally-oop or hang time
I whip it out, yeah that's a lot of hang time
Make a list of your favorite chicks I'll Blake Griffin your fav 5
You roll up the grass till you looking through them snake eyes
I live it up because I was born, 2 die, no snake eyes
One time for my city for putting me on and two times for my fans that me singing along
I be living so high like I'm chiefin' this strong, like I'm breathing this bong, like I'm Cheechin' this Chong
AW, yo lady be mouthing my words and you wonder why she always singing along
She be touching herself and repeating this song and she ended up falling asleep with it on
It's hard to think when you deep in the sheets
That every time she closing her eyes she really be thinking of sleepin' with me
Cause you claim you ball more, but stall more than bathrooms
The only time you got cash is when you snackin' on cashews
Quit with all that fake talk, the only time you break laws
Is after looking to the right, left, then proceeding to J-walk
You gave your girl to mixtape but she rather go and play mine
But shh-ii-tt, these my throwaway rhymes