[Intro]
And now with the following collection of ghoulish sounds
You can make your own sound terrifying and terrible Uh-huh-ha-ha! {*laughing*}

[Child's Play 2 sample]
Surprise!
Heh-ha-heh-ha-ha-ha
Did ya miss me? I sure missed you!
I told ya we're gonna be friends to the end
And now it's time to play
I got a new game sport it's called hide the...
And guess what you're it!

[Verse One]
I told you size ain't shit you better duck quick
It's the replay of Chucky part two call it Chuckwick
Some niggas stay hard some niggas get sorrier
Insane-ass dwarf, a little 5th Ward warrior
Tonight's your dead date you'll die at a slow rate
Let's hope the chainsaw don't tear out your chest for your heart's sake
Give me a knife I'm cutting bodies to pieces
Remember what happened to your mother fucking nieces
Niggas think I'm a ho but I'm letting them know
Every head I cut off half of that goes to Cujo
I cut a throat with a God damn stick
All bodies found dead fuck it blame it on Chuckwick

[Child's Play 2 sample]
It's Chuckwick Yaahh!
It's Chuckwick I told you he'd find me
He tried to take over my

[Verse Two]
The world's smallest killer I can't wait 'til they bury me
Every arm I chop off I give the fingers to charity
I saw a dead body just about my size
Razor blade to his face now I can see out both eyes
It's time for breakfast but I don't want eggs
Just jelly and toast and bacon and legs
If you try to diss that's fine with me
(Hug this)
Is that fine with you G?
Chuckwick Bill is from another dimension
Unsatisfied nigga with barbaric intention
Sometimes I'm invisible, sometimes I'm seen
Sometimes I'm a pitchfork, sometimes I'm guillotine
Extra ketchup on them French fried knees
No tomato on that chopper with cheese
I'm getting thirsty now what I'm a try?
Gulp, gulp, mmmmmm blood dry!
You think I'm crazy you think I'm insane?
Just because I wasn't born I was found on a fuckin' train
You wanna rumble well get up shit
If you buck you get fucked by that nigga named Chuckwick

Aw shit my nigga Ganksta Nip in the motherfuckin house
Yo Nip say something to all the people out there

[Ganksta Nip]
Yo this is Ganksta Nip
The South Park psycho takin no shit
And get your motherfuckin wig split

[Bushwick Bill]
Yeaahh! Chuckwick Bill ain't a sucka
Part one tripped y'all out part two is a motherfucker
Gimme some bob and I'll start by killing me
I'm dead so pass the bob, G
And after that pass the bodies
Chuckwick Bill known as the 5th ward John Gotti
You make me mad you're taking a fall
Tell your kids to buy my god damn Chuckwick Doll
To let 'em know that I'm hard
[Nip] What's the name of your hood?
[Bushwick Bil] 5th motherfucking ward!
The home of the villains constant killin
Get fired off your job start a new job car stealin
The word Chuckwick Capitalizes each letter
Henry Lucas, Ottis Toole we took home room together;
You might think that I'm throwed
A major malfunction made my brain explode
Which means I'm ready to slaughter
Syphilis and gonorrhea mixed up in your drinking water
Before I go I have this to say...
Hi! My name is Chuckwick, part three's on it's way

[Child's play 2 sample]
Snap out of it, you're acting like you've never seen a dead body before
This is it world, from now on, no Mr. Good guy
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! {*laughing continues*}