[Verse 1: Bushwick Bill]
I told you size wasn't shit, that's why I murdered your nieces
Wasn't my fault they found they head cut in 88 pieces
Don't let 'em run, hurry up and catch 'em
You grab an arm, I grab an arm let's pull 'till we stretch 'em
Play pussy, get fucked means you're better off dead
I wanna see food so I fished in a child's head
Motherfuckers beware cause I'm sick
Dead heads and frog legs, mmm... cake mix!
Friday the 13th the night of the living dead
Vampire arms walkin' 'round givin niggas head
If you didn't die, I would say you got lucky
All bodies found dead, fuck it, blame it on Chuckie
But this is child's play... motherfucka!!!

[Verse 2: Bushwick Bill]
Aw, fuck, Chuck's on a killin' spree
Gimme some barb and I'll start by killin me
When I murder, I tried to slack off
Now 100 missiles blew a little girl's back off
My name is Chuckie, some say I'm insane
You give me some gin, and I might eat a dog's brain
Give me a motherfuckin 15-pack
And I'll be damned if I don't bring 15 dead niggas back
A murder contest, you know I'll win it
Cause in every mailbox, there be a head with a knife in it
I'm gettin' hungry, I need to be fed
I feel like eatin' a bag of barbequed broke legs
Bustin' necks with a motherf*ckin' brick!
Half my body is Chuckie, the other half is Bushwick
A short nigga always pumpin' some lead
Haven't figured out a way to get my fist out your forehead
What up? Get up, sit up, you get lit up
A knife in his neck made a polar bear spit up
A 9, a Uzi is my only utensil
Inside his chest they found 10,000 pencils
You have the nerve to go against Chuck?
With fifty guns aimed at you, how the fuck you gonna duck, yo?
When I'm mad, I'm ready to slay
The graveyards are packed but it ain't nothin' but child's play

[Verse 3: Bushwick Bill]
You'd better murder me, put me to rest
Cause if you don't I'll come out shootin' with my head in a bird's chest
Pissed off, the way I'm always soundin'
Killed a punk in '82, and they just now found 'im
Some say I'm crazy, some say I'm on crack
Before I die cut off my leg and let me die in Iraq
A born loser, some say I'm mindless
If I get pissed off, you leave naked and spineless
Worse than Charles Manson, never havin' a equal
Went sleepwalking last night and killed 300 people
When I woke up they had me chained to the floor
When they told me what I did I killed 300 more, yo
You wanna rumble? Then go get your war hat
I went to jail for assault with a carjack
I might be small but my nuts are big
The worst that you could do is let me keep your fuckin' kids
Cause I'm a teach 'em how to act
And if they ain't actin' right, they dyin' tonight
So, uh, ain't no use in you tryin' to spot 'em
I send you a motherfuckin' note that says "Chuckie's got em!"