[Verse 1: DJ Akshun]
Living your life like a big shot, you're not
Bragging and bragging about the money you got
See you're the type of nigga that's played for a stump
Broker than a motherfucker, bitch that's a front
Running around, high capping like a jerk
You and that big eyed bitch in that miniskirt
So don't look around like you haven't the clue
Little nasty ass freak, fuck you!
Dee gave me the scoop when you tramp
Your man's a dope-fiend buying crack with your food stamps
Though he played the role of a soldier
The nigga's a crackerjack and I could've told you
Screaming and screaming about the things that he's dumping
But you'se a lying motherfucker,  and you know it too
Telling all your friends your nigga's rich
Boy I can't stand no lying ass bitch
You need to grow up and put yourself on that other level
Talking loud as fuck, now bitch what you tryna sell?
Swearing up and down that's he's leading you
I bet in a week, his sorry ass will be leaving you
Hoe, that I was through? This is far from the last
I'mma jump off a hearse and back on your scandalous ass
Now think way back in the days in the gutter
You, your mother and your cheeky ass brother
I remember it, how could I forget?
And look at you now, boy, you still ain't shit
You'll forever live your life as a fucking
Lowlife, talking loud, saying nothing

"Talking loud, saying nothing" -] James Brown

(Hey, Silly Willy. Let me call, let me say something. Let me say something, let me talk.)

"Talking loud, saying nothing" -] James Brown

[Verse 2: Bushwick Bill]
You Goddamn parents are tripping
Give me some of that shit you've been sniffing
You don't want your kids to hear songs of this nature
But you take them to the movies to watch Schwarzenegger
Fuck that 'land of opportunity' shit
I don't need permission to sell a damn hit
I said what I want, when I want, how I want
Try to stop me get your fucking ass stomped
Call me a bad guy but in reality
Most of you motherfuckers curse worse than me
You'd rather not show it, you Goddamn hypocrite
I ain't hiding shit so suck my dick
You can't stop this because the underground is street
Fuck that shit you preach every week
You contradict yourself in every phrase
Do you know a stupid motherfucker that's always

"Talking loud, saying nothing" -] James Brown

(Hey, Silly Willy. Let me call, let me say something. Let me say something, let me talk.)

(Yeah, man, we pumping it up on the South side. I'm fixing to get me a Benz next month. I got the money for it right now, but I'm waiting on Rico to bring me this ki, you know what I'm saying?)

[Verse 3: Willie Dee]
Nigga, do I look like a Goddamn sucker?
You say you're clocking, you'se a lying motherfucker
Kicking that shit about you're waiting to scope
But every time I see your ass, you're waiting on Metro
I can't stand a lying ass nigga
Try to be hard but you're sweeter than Sugar
Told your boys you shot a cop to death
But motherfucker you was locked down for auto-theft
Say you ran shit, what you had to drink?
Nigga, you was on a Goddamn punk tank
Washing out another nigga's drawers
And getting fucked up your doo-doo walls
So don't give me that bullshit story
Pussy motherfucker, I heard they took your commissary
What the fuck are you, a man or a mouse?
(Man) Well, why the fuck you clean another nigga's house?
Hoe ass nigga, yeah the word got back
I wouldn't of busted your ass but you tried to high cap
You're like Pinocchio, can't get a lie straight
Say you're scoring ki's when you're fucking with 8ths
Boy, you're

"Talking loud, saying nothing" -] James Brown
"Talking loud, saying nothing" -] James Brown

[Willie Dee:] What the fuck you doing talking to that nigga?
[Girl:] Ah, boy. I went to school with him, that's my friend

[Verse 4: Willie Dee]
Hoe, shut up, you're pissing me off
I'm about to bust you in your Goddamn mouth
Have you forgotten  my description?
I'm a Ghetto Boy (We can't stand lying bitches)
Hoe, you got a head like a Goddamn rock
Is your motherfucking brain washed?
Just another day I had a hard on for a blow
And I had to beep you just to find you hoe
Another thing I dislike, is your funky ass friends
Bitch, who you fucking? Me or them?
You're with the hoes all afternoon
And when it's time for me, all your time is consumed
But fuck that shit, take off my ring and my flack
And you owe me 250 for the Goddamn contacts
You say you love me but you keep fucking up
Dumb bitch, you ain't doing nothing but

"Talking loud, saying nothing" -] James Brown
"Talking loud, saying nothing" -] James Brown
"Talking loud, saying nothing" -] James Brown
"Talking loud, saying nothing" -] James Brown
"Talking loud, saying nothing" -] James Brown

(Hey, Silly Willy. Let me call, let me say something. Let me say something, let me talk.)

"Talking loud, saying nothing" -] James Brown