[Produced by Merteini]

[Intro: OG Maco]
Damn, TJ, who been getting guap? All of us
Who up at the top? All of us
OGG, Gold Gang, God damn

[Hook: OG Maco]
Who be gettin' guap? All of us
On the way to the top
Who they can't stop? All of us
Who they can't stop? All of us

[Bridge: OG Maco]
Who be gettin' guap? On the way to the top
Who they can't stop? All of us
Who they can't stop? All of us
Who be gettin' guap? All of us
Who they can't stop? All of us

[Verse 1: OG Maco]
Who they want by the 100 plus? Millions, millions
Oh my God, oh my God, they can't feel us
Why the fuck they wanna kill us?
Bitches all they wanna feel us
But who they tryna fuck? All of us
Finger fuck and cash, all of us
Now we see the top, that's all we need, that's all you need
Bunch of stacks we can jump on, play on give 'em all to her momma
If a nigga want the drama, spray out the Hummer
All of us, you don't wanna play with my niggas
You don't wanna play with my niggas and I got Gold Gang with me
Shinin', shinin' like some fucking diamonds
And we laughin' like some hyenas
Jump off into that Old Regal
What you gonna do? All of us
It's all of us, it's all of us

[Hook: OG Maco]

[Verse 2: Trinidad James]
Who you gone stop nigga? Who you gone stop nigga?
Nappy or not, you're my niggas
Dread in the court, got her some issues
He with the shits if you with it, he with the shits if you with it
OGG, Gold Gang, we with the shits if you with it
South side nigga only stay with the holy girl
South side nigga only stay with the holy girl
Trap in the (?) made her hold up
Trap in the (?) made her hold up
You don't wanna see the rage
You don't wanna see the rage
Turnt up as fuck nigga, bust through the stage
(?) full of bitches, a (?)
Bitches you got, or you want you a (?)
Ugly as fuck but I look like a pimp
Think you gone try it, you better come with it
All of my niggas committed
Lean with the Zan got 'em trippin'
All of them niggas suspicious, all of them niggas suspicious
Fuck it

[Hook + Bridge: OG Maco]

[Outro: Trinidad James]
All of us has no color, green shouldn't be the only color of unity
Open your eyes, all of us means you, and you
Not just the people on this song, no one is excluded
Remember your options are limited out here
And time is only getting shorter
Support who supports you is your personal preference baby
Just remember one thing and one thing only
There's no I in team but there's a U in all of us, amen