Life don't change, just the people in it do fade
Life don't change, just the people in it do fade
Life don't change, just the people in it do fade
Life don't change, just the people in it do fade

[Verse 1]
I said wakin' up without a dollar hurts, dogs holla
I'm hurt, dog, my pride, got a lot so my mouth silent
I remember me and mama lived in hotels
I remember the ingredients to slow down
I spike the punch, indigestion when it go down
Fucked up but it's green lights all a-fuckin'-round
The same moment, then got put on for my fuckin' town
See the locals shittin' on a nigga like some fuckin' clowns
Remember? When you used to ask for advice
From me, now your ego blowin' mad bright
But just remember who screwed in the damn light
Had to shake my fam loose cause the fam wasn't tight
It's never wrong over right
Shit, this was opportunity
To gain power, knowledge, money, love, but where's the unity?
When the rain made mud, your mothafuckin' sneakers clean

[Hook]
If the time ever comes where you turn your back, I'm movin' on
(Life don't change, just the people in it do fade)
All them times you were given their all or more, I gotta go
(Life don't change, just the people in it do fade)

[Verse 2]
Wakin' up without a father but you're still livin'
What's worse, dog, I got your fuckin' number, but why bother?
You said I wasn't shit and I should prolly quit
Pick up a damn tray, how ignorant
I gave my last dimes just to fuckin' spit
Recognize sacrifice early, somethin' you ain't get
Two kids but I ain't pick favorites
I told their mamas, "I'ma hold you down, but when I'm fuckin' rich
My sons gon' have everything I ain't get
Not materials, just time spent, you ain't lent
Not rich when it comes to the wealth
Pockets thick when it come to the self
Esteem, health, I'm burnin', suffer from Hell
I fuckin' miss you but I'm wishin' you well
What you take isn't worth it to tell
The truth, so bye, for life now"

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
I said wakin' up without a conscience, what the fuck, girl?
You got me good, I gave your ass my all but it wasn't power
I'm startin' to think you got a thing for rappers
Never believed my heart was given to a Bible
Workin' in the Big Apple while you got your apple chopped
Yeah I'm from Atlanta, shoulda got your ass tomahawked
But the heart and mind fused so I took a lonely walk
Shit...
Lookin' like a damn fool, Sequoyah, how dare you?
Be the one I brought my kids 'round, you was ran through
Now you love me... like the other bitches
Tryna convince me... you ain't the other bitches
How do I believe that?
I got a model bitch now and you see that
Where's your pedestal?
Ay, where's your pedestal?

[Hook]