[Kasan spoken word intro]



Explosive...  unencumbered like 20 seconds of confidence

Sometimes that's all you need

No, no cautionary, proceed

Go free, go see, no heed

Literally no sleep!!

Why? You gotta eat.. You gotta eat Brooklyn

You gotta eat...



[Verse 1 : Ciph Boogie]



Just keep calm my words are potent, real shit

Flip of a coin, I'm so compulsive vultures circle around

Think I'm a meal plate, it feel fake hardly amused

Please don't conceal face, my real fate lies in the air

Run back the reel tape, karma pardon me bitch

You get the long arm, I'm out here making my moves

Perfectly honest, you garbage switch up ya shit

Don't have the knowledge! Ha damn right I had to fucking laugh

Niggas is lame Suffering Succotash, spitting them lines

That really make a sucker dash, I give no fucks

So Brooklyn, call me Rutland Ave, nigga I ain't here for the pillow talking

Round here, homie please don't be a chatty patty

I'm still here, what a year, please don't make me snappy

Adderall, no bull call me matador ughhhhh!



[Kasan 2nd spoken word intro]



You know why? Because they never had a problem standing on your shoulders

So the world could see them

Fuck that!! Stand up!! It's YOUR time

It's MY time

You gotta eat bro!



[Verse 2 : Ciph Boogie]



Yeah living my life like it's golden, prayed up

Nigga can't tell me I ain't been chosen, frozen

In my inner thoughts, yeah I'm in the dark what else to do

But put it in my art, savior aced a major for some paper

My venom's relentless so please, sharpen your sentence

Game time I'm Riddick Bowe standing in my pivot mode

Mellow with my moves, niggas turn into jello bowls

Incredible, my pedestal's rising this is rare form

I'm out here flat on the ledge, taking a leap of faith

My platform, make no mistakes already took the cake

The outcome breaking the bank already cut the tape

Tank?! Something I have never done wishing on a star

The universe is mighty son, I put them hours in

I ain't the only one, I wanna break the rules when it's said and done

Uh!! Legendary asshole, back on the ball when I'm in rap mode

No one is safe, nigga I wax off mr Miyagi but in a black form







[Kasan Spoken word outro]



You gotta eat Brooklyn.... You gotta eat