[Verse 1: Meek Mill]
Yessir!
Aye look, I took my rap money and I went and bought some kilo(s)
4th quarter, tie game, and one for the free throw
Letric bill audemar, lighting up like PEECO
Word to my homies locked, "free my nigga Reek" flow
We go, anywhere I wanna, it's my ego
Jewelry on and off, all I know is ball (ballin)
Glock 4pound'll put your brains on the wall
I'm trynna buy them hammers TIP had, you niggas at the mall
Let me tell you why they hatin', cause they dead pot
Aye weezy tell them niggas kill they self, head shot
Fred Flintstone ya bitch, I make her fuckin' bed rock
So much ice up in my Breitling made my fucking band pop
Eeny, meeny, miny, moe, pick a fucking rapper out
And I bet they ain't in to half that shit they say or rap about
I be really into that, flowing with my rachet out
Every time I'm in the club, know we bring them ladders out (ladders)
Don't you hate a rapping nigga screaming he ain't gotta rap?
Spitting all that bullshit you spiitin, (tsk) gotta trap
Watching for them boys in the khakis and the alphabet
Cause they don't wanna see a young nigga make it out the jack
Out the hood, out for good, hating nigga I been good
The coupe like the Bat Mobile, my bitch playin Robin Hood
Kobe told me "get 'em" and I told him that "I got 'em good"
You ain't never been there bitch, why you actin' hollywood?
Kerosene heater flow, swagger on a milli'n (swagger)
Every time I'm on some shit they be like "you killin' 'em"
He said I ain't on that shit, Black Eyed Peas "well Will I am"
5 percent on everything so you don't see what wheel I'm in
Or you don't see what bitch I got
Ice up in my wrist and watch
I'mma cloud hopper, prolly take me to the top
Drama, take me to my Glock so I can get strapper
And I be with that white boy, fucking with that Casper
Laughter, cause I can play around and shout you niggas down
Lawnmower with that semi, cut you niggas down, buck you niggas down
"Who you be with??" Talk about about me, when you see me it's the remix!
I said I'm fly as fuck, get that purple, light it up
Think it's sweet then try your luck. Need a murder? Hire us
Shooters, they always on deck. Just waitn' to fire up
Send them at you niggas, they gon' listen like I'm wired up
Tell that ho to get a grip, "bitch go pick them pliers up"
Catch me in an SRT, coolin burn them tires up
We banging that Flamerz 3, shut 'em down and light 'em up
I hear you niggas got that work, we call ya phone and line you up
Cash rules everything around me, and near me
Tell them hoes I don't do singles, they can share me
I don't wanna talk or do business if you scary
Lil niggas shoulda never watched Tom and Jerry (rat!)
Break a brick down, cop a whip, get my jewels up
Pay a couple bills, lay low, and then a crew cut
Catch me in the vip popping bottles with my tool tucked
Hating ass niggas make me sick, fuck my mood up
Swagger on a million, billion, trillion
Somewhere on an island like Gillagen
Wrist wear, lookin' like it's made from Jack & Jill and 'em
Whole band bust down, big rocks, killin em
My city I'm bigger than the mayor is
Ask the streets, say I'm everything I say I'm is
I went to jail, came back like A.I. did
And put my city on the map real rap! (Mr. Philadelphia)