[Verse 1: Sean Cross]
I got my hands in the air, officer don't shoot
Told 'em I couldn't breathe, then he gave me the boot
Cause they be givin' the time, but never gave me the loot
They got my back to the wall, so what a brotha' goin' do?
Took a couple of L's, they say a try is a fail
It's either put on the mask, or throw the work on the scale
Times done change, but I can't e'en tell
It's only two ways to go, it's goin' be freedom or jail
They gave Lucious a case, and he couldn't even bail
Judge gave him a option, go to trial or tell
Now he sittin' in prison, while the Governor fishin'
We gotta' draw up the plan, then accomplish the mission
You put a cat in the corner, he goin' be scratchin' and hissin'
We goin' survive in the ghetto, cause the people ain't livin'
So how a leader goin' lead, if he ain't got the vision?
I had a dream in my head, I gotta break outta' prison
Oh Lord!

[Announcer]
Introducing Jamal Lyons!

[Hook: Jussie Smollett]
I wanna live, I wanna live my life today
Make a better way for me and you
When the sun woke up, I got on my knees to pray
Let the injustice be solved and mended today
Do you live for the lo-ove?
Do you live for the hate? Ohh
It's like you make it, then they take it
And you can't get it back, o-oh!
Do you believe in the creator?
Do you even know anymore?
It's like you make it, then they take it
And you can't get it back, o-oh

I wanna live, wanna live my life today
Make a better way for me and you
The sun woke up, I got on my knees to pray
Let the injustice be solved and mended today
Do you live for the lo-ove?
Do you live for the hate? Ohh
It's like you make it, then they take it
And you can't get it back, o-oh!
Do you believe in the creator?
Do you even know anymore?
Aye, it's like you make it, then they take it
And you can't get it back, oh

[Verse 2: Yazz]
Yeah
No justice, no peace, in these troubled times like these
I'm down on one knee, and I'm praying for what I need
So whatever's in that dark, is goin' always come to that light
So if you shot him in his back, two wrongs ain't never made it no right
Tried to test my strength, and I fought with all my might
Took a page out of this chapter, just to reconcile my life
We hate that Lucious goin' through it, we know that he ain't do it
(Heartbeat)
Let's change for the better, make the world a better place
United as a people, be the winners of the race
And never kill the Joker, cause he used to be a Ace
It's things outta' life, that you just can't replace
Like the sketches to the drawing, that the pencil couldn't trace
Empire!