[Intro: Jay-Z]
Rest in peace to Chinx (Rest in peace!)
And - we still killing each other
We need to understand that we are kings and queens

[Noreaga]
Shout out to Jada, you woke me up! Ha-hah!
You say you hate Militainment? Fuck you!
And you hate D-Block, fuck you!
You said you ain’t into CNN? Fuck you!
We don’t give a fuck about you, cocksucker, fuck you!
Said you hate D-Block? Fuck you!
Said that you hate Militainment
And you ain’t into CNN? Fuck you!
We don’t give a fuck about you, cocksucker, fuck you!

Ayo I do this for the girls, the women and the sisters
I rhymed with Neptunes, it made me cooler with the hipsters
I’m cool with the Bloods and I’m cool with the Cripsters
The Bible and Qur’an, still quote the god’s scriptures
And them niggas that you running’ ‘round getting’ cash wit'
Ain’t gon’ help you do nothin’ but carry a casket
I spit acid
Bullets is metal, the guns plastic
And I be in the mall like Paul Blart
Queens Center, body in the trunk, where it all start
But now I reside in the county of Dade
And the only time I catch a body: if you touch the grenade
I bought back my publishing, but 12 years was a slave
Got kicked out of school, they said I'd never behave
Now I grind, grind on that 25-8 shit
That mean morning, afternoon and late shift
And when it come to beef
Yeah, we quick to settle it
With that chrome and metal shit
Cocaine you peddle wit'
Still sell coke the color of Wilson Elliott
Ripped, New York nigga off the rip
Break it down easy, make a 60 off a brick
Plus my nigga French know I keep a four-fifth
Rest in peace to Chinx, them niggas shouldn’t exist
First Nas and Nore squashed the beef, timing quite suitable
Now Hov and Beans squashed the shit
Hip-hop is beautiful
You ain’t bigger than me if you ain’t go gold
And I ain’t got a home phone number, I live on the road
Hoes tell me “Don’t retire"
Their girlfriends is into you
Plus you spit fire and kill it in all your interviews
My niggas my disciples - Jesus crew, they sin with you
Your niggas ain’t your niggas
They ain’t struggle, they ain’t been wit' you

Yo rest in peace Chinx Drugs, my nigga
Queens, we lost a real one
Ay yo Hov and Beans, I’m proud of both y’all niggas
Now let’s get to this money, hip-hop is back
You fuckin’ smellllll me? Wakata!

You hate Militainment? Fuck you!
And you hate D-Block? Fuck you!
You say you ain’t into CNN? Fuck you!
We don’t give a fuck about you, cocksucker, fuck you!
Said you hate D-Block? Fuck you!
Said that you hate Militainment? Fuck you!
And you ain’t into CNN? Fuck you!
We don’t give a fuck about you, cocksucker, fuck you!