[Intro: Royce da 5'9"]
This ain't 'Ye it's more like Aids
This ain't James it's more like a trade and you more like Wade
And I ain't playin', I'm more like Cuban
Not the cigar, Mark, introduce him

[Hook]
(It's the new!) Best rapper alive, best rapper alive
Best rapper alive, best rapper alive

[Verse 1: Royce da 5'9"]
Naw, this ain't Wayne, it's more like Pain
And I ain't talkin' bout with T-dash in front
I'm more like needin' rehab for months, hock and spew lyrics
On Dr. Drew's spirit until he has the mumps
Drunk, that's if I can put it in one word
My niggas that ain't with all the drinkin', they want herb
So even though the car plush, the ashtray full of dark butts
Like we rollin' up lookin' for Yung Berg
Top off, bitch in the front, domin' me up
Till my rock soft, either that or she gon' get lock jaw
Stop? Naw! If she come up for air
I cut her off like Jesse Jackson with a hand on Barack's balls
Ahh-aww! Nigga, it's me!
Jumper movie in the flesh straight from It-ly
Five series, six series Benzes
Fuck them little C's, I'm on some ole Maino shit
Throw everything at you but the kitchen sink till I plug you
It's goin' down, I'm on some ole Draino shit
I'm the Rich Po, not so, the flow spells gospel
Book you for a show and turn your hotel to hostel/hostile
(It's an invasion) This ain't Luda, it's more like Shooter
Better yet, Shot Ya, Pac or Big Poppa?

[Hook]
(It's the new!) Best rapper alive, best rapper alive
Best rapper alive, best rapper alive

[Verse 2: Royce da 5'9"]
This ain't Jay, it's more like sprayed
The kind that confuse kindness with polite play
My bitch got two midgets in the bra
And a nose like a vacuum, she chillin' the Snow White way
Fuck Forbes, fuck money till they put some black heads
In them motherfuckers like they come from pores
Hip-hop is alive, my nigga, come for yours
I got the hood open, attached to jumper cords
Alone in the mirror, rub-a-dub-dub
I ain't the game, even though I don't belong in this era
I'm tryin' to take shit past Nas, Jay, Shady & Dre shit
Shout out to the Doc, I'm tryin' to find patience
Lookin' like I'm pacin', like hello, say hello to me
I elbowed my way into niggas conversations
I don't write rhymes, I commit death threats
This my new name if you ain't guessed yet!

[Hook]
(It's the new!) Best rapper alive, best rapper alive
Best rapper alive, best rapper alive

[Verse 3: Royce da 5'9"]
Yeah, this ain't Fif, it's more like a gift
A bottle of Cris, on side of a sip or a quality lick
I'm the shit, you try to be sick
I be ridin' with silenced machine guns while you be tryin' to be Tip
I'm still hood, I move, minus the bus pass
Out with the poverty in with the new deluxe pad
This black nina told me I'm a black leader
That's why I be preachin' like David Banner minus the mustache
But I ain't runnin' from nothin' as long as rappers is runnin'
They receive death from a sentence like capital punishment
The flows is mean, I make a nigga lean like puttin the word "meth"
Up in between the words "pro" and "azine"
Your bitch sprung right after my dick, go fish
I leave her numb like a tongue after a coke kiss
I'm focused, I spit madness, you niggas is borin'
You at a level orange with your bitch-ass-ness
Plots is thickenin' and I care about rappers
Bout as much as I care to see Terrance and Rocski bickerin'
Watch is sickenin', Glocks is specifically hot
I'm trippin', is you with me or not?

[Hook]
(It's the new!) Best rapper alive, best rapper alive
Best rapper alive, best rapper alive