[Hook]
On my momma, I'm a get money all day
All night, somethin' like 24/7, on my momma
I'm a stay fresh all day, all night, somethin' like 24/7
On my momma, I'm a pull up
Hop out with two of them Top Models
Haters gon' hate, but before the ice grill, say, 'Stop
Look at my motherfuckin' wheels'

[Verse 1]
They'll say it's bizack for the first time
Young boy rhyme like '87 Rakim, locked in my own world
No fire hydrant can water down me though
I'm a tyrant on Swizz beats, it's kind of ironic
Roll up the chronic tree, Hennessy, let's see, can you get like me?
White tee, L.A. fitted, roamin' the backstreet
Back trunk, chopper clap back at me
Girls get skeet-skeet on like Little John
BME, I don't save 'em, even with coupons
Usually I kick game like modern-day Bruce Lee
Raw heat, never paranoid when ridin' on deep-dish rims
Fly as Clark Kent, invade the black like a martian
Then say, 'Pardon me, no, pardon my arrogance
If you don't learnt else about I
Then, motherfucker, you better know this'

[Hook]

On my momma, you want to look at my wheels, huh?
On my momma, you want to know how it feel, huh?
To get like me, makin' them dollar bills, huh?
Pull up, hop out wit' my appeal, huh?
On my momma, she lookin' to pop a pill, huh?
On my momma, she lookin' to get a thrill, huh?
She want to go home, get that punani killed, huh?
Face down, ass up, she know the drill, huh?
I got a couple of soldiers ready to ride, huh?
It pop off the club, we finna leave outside, huh?
We see you duckin' and dodgin', flippin' to hide, huh?
On my momma, you play 'round and lose your life, huh?
I'm funky-fresh all night, huh?
Smokin' that chronic, high as a kite, huh?
Drinkin' that brown bottle on site, huh?
Been pimpin', baby, swear I don't lie, huh?

[Hook]

[Bridge]
Look at my motherfuckin' wheels
Look at my motherfuckin' wheels
Look at my motherfuckin' wheels
Look at my motherfuckin' wheels
You ain't got to front, homie
Look at my motherfuckin' wheels
Or look at me, look at my motherfuckin' wheels
I said, 'You ain't got to front, homie'
Look at my motherfuckin' wheels
Or look at me, look at my motherfuckin' wheels
I ain't gon' lie 'bout it

[Hook]