[Intro - Swizz Beatz]
Swizz Beatz - that's me
Cassidy - that's him
Full Surface - the label
Ruff Ryders - the family
Let's get it cracking
I'm in the booth dog!

[Verse 1 - Swizz Beatz]
Here is something y'all won't understand!
I-I'm a skinny man with big plans
I got a big house, sitting on big, man
You act tough, you gon' end up in quicksand!
Oh no! Swizz a rapper!
Fuck you, suck dick, I'm sicker than these rappers!
Got a gun that'll ? you rappers
? beast so hard? John Gotti you rappers
Kaseem Dean, mean sixteens
I'm made my first ?deal? at the age of sixteen
A lot of niggas watching wanna live my dream
I earned this shit nigga, know what I mean?
Till y'all got a bill y'all
This money make a nigga wanna kill y'all
They might feel y'all, listen for real y'all
I know some niggas in the hood that need the deal y'all
My niggas Cass from the hood got a deal y'all

[Verse 2 - Cassidy]
There's a lot of niggas pressed to be crooks
If you never cooked coke I brought recipe book
And if you never took extasy pills
Something about them, the way they make feel like Stephanie Mills
See I'm definitely real, I'm known to hold heaters
Y'all fags in the closet, like some old sneakers
Cass be in the B Class with no teacher
???
Niggas can't hate us
If you dummies don't understand when I talk money get a translator
If it ain't about the damn paper, I ain't interested
I'm trying to keep eating till I get ?indigestion?
I'm into weapons, store chrome on my own hip
You's a bitch and I said it on my own lips
Look holmes I'ma hustla I own strips
Neck froze and it gets eskimos home sick
You whole clique going to need some help
Cause all of your guns small like ??
Listen, this Cassidy
And my gats be having big shells the size of D batteries
Ayo you don't want no drama with us
I'm too hot I could make ?up the mama to bust?
Why you chumps keep talking shit?
I'ma a star, hopping in your whips like I'm violate parking them
And I ain't ducking at all
I'm a problem, y'all like cheap condoms, I ain't fucking with y'all!
Nigga!

[Outro - Cassidy]
It's that easy!
Cassidy the problem! Swizz Beatz the monster!
I don't care who you know, who you're signed too...
What you've been through...
You all get it the same!
I'm backed by two labels, nigga!
J-Records and Ruff Ryders!
Full Surface!
This is my year!
And ain't no nigga put these words to my mouth
Easy!