[Intro]
Crazy Time!
Whoa (My Dawgs)
Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, (OK)
Whoa, Whoa (yo,yo,yo), Whoa, (yo, yo, yo)
Whoa, (yo) WHoa, (yo) Whoa, Whoa

[Chorus]
Wild Out!! (cmon)
Wild Out!! (uh huh)
Wild Out!! (If ya glad that L-O-X is Ruff Rydin now!!, cmon niggas)
Wild Out!! (whooo, what, what)
Wild Out!! (wild out, wild out, wild out)
Wild Out!! (All My niggas throw your guns up, yo ,yo)

[Verse 1: Sheek Louch]
I know niggas in the clink
That send pipe bombs thru sinks
That got dough and still wanna stick y'all wit minks
Y'all would think y'all was jinxed wit a month of bad luck
I'm that huntin muthafucka and guess who da duck
I'm Elmer and you Daffy like the Looney cartoon
But this ain't no cartoon, my bullets clear out the room
I said "Boy, try to learn the fundamentals here, son."
Like that rooster and that chicken hawk I teach about a gun
I place my money on one, I'll pull it out, you'll run
I wave it in front of ya son and both y'all is done . . . Blah!
For God's sakes, what a nigga gotta do to make a half a million
Must I wave it at yo' children?
Run up in yo' buildin and go straight for the bank
Got the coke saran-wrapped at the bottom of the tank
I know those tricks, ya suppliers, Papi and them, I know those dicks
Give me those bricks, now, wild out niggas

[Chorus]
Wild Out!! (uh, uh, uh, uh, yo!)
Wild Out!! (ok)
Wild Out!! (If ya bouncin in da club actin like you can't get in!)
Wild Out!! (what, uh)
Wild Out!!(yo, yo, yo ,yo)
Wild Out!! (Yo, yo ,yo ,yo ,yo ,yo)

[Verse 2: Jadakiss]
For every check I deposit, it's just a new burner in the closet
And the big one'll kill you, ya brother and ya pops quick
Might take one slug to get y'all both
Cuz muthafucka, I'mma make sure I hit y'all close
And whoever's left guarenteed he gettin it all
Cuz his ass coulda ran when I was lickin at y'all
I get rap money, plus I'm in the hood wit dimes
And I ain't got no felonies, I'm good wit crimes
Not all dat wit macs, but I'm good wit nines
Great wit eights, nigga, I'll heat ya face
And I got a hungry lawyer that'll eat the case
I used to cop so heavy that the block got mad
And niggas start callin up the cops like cabs
My 16's make niggas go to they dorm
Lock in and workout, then come out in the mornin
Wild out and blow a CO jus cuz it's borin
Wild out nigga

[Chorus]
Wild Out!! (yo, yo ,yo)
Wild Out!! (yo, yo ,yo)
Wild Out!!
(If ya just got outta jail from doin wild time, lets bawl out!)
Wild Out!! (yo!)
Wild Out!!(ok, cmon cmon)
Wild Out!! (uh, uh, uh, uh)

[Verse 3: Styles P]
I pray to the Allah but I'm too foul to go to the mosque
And if it's beef, I'ma murder you and you know that it's quashed
Holiday Styles, screw niggas far as they rap
I let my shotgun ball ya bat
Make ya coffin outta ya plaques and bring ya ice to hell
Y'all fuck around, dis album, I'll do life in jail
And if you under 21, you shouldn't listen to dis
You hate a nigga, go and kill him while he takin a shit
So, when the cops come and get him he'll be makin 'em sick
So, they could feel how I feel, I had a probable cause
You know da shit that happens when you don't follow da boss
Follow the rules, kids get followed to school
And the thug niggas borrow ya boo
Target practice was a horrible view
It's fucked up what tomorrow can do
And these niggas feel sorrow for who?
'Til we put you in da dirt, we ain't partin wit you
Wild out niggas

[Chorus]
Wild Out!! (ya better back up dawg)
Wild Out!! (everybody, yo, yo)
Wild Out!!
(If a nigga grillin your chick, uh, and she wit you, fuck that!)
Wild Out!! (yo, what?)
Wild Out!!(Cmon, cmon, cmon, I can't hear you!, cmon)
Wild Out!! (If ya find ya nigga cheatin, lets go girls!, cmon now!)
Wild Out!! (uh, yo!)
Wild Out!! (cmon cmon)
Wild Out!! (If a nigga step on ya gotdamn shoes, fuck that!)
Wild Out!! (uh huh uh huh)
Wild Out!! (yo, yo, whoa!)
Wild Out!! (If a nigga owe you money, and ain't paid ya yet!, fuck that!)
Wild Out!! (cmon, oohh)
Wild Out!! (what what!)
Wild Out!! (If ya workin at a job and the boss fire you, fuck HIM!)
Wild Out!! (uh!)
Wild Out!!(yo, yo ,LOX Niggas, LOX Niggas)
Wild Out!! Wild Out!! Wild Out!! Wild Out!!
(whoa, whoa, whoa, everybody!)
Wild Out!! Wild Out!! Wild Out!! [pause]
(anybody, young niggas, dead bitches!, tear it up!)
Wild Out!! Wild Out!! Wild Out!! Wild Out!! Wild Out!! Wild Out!!
Wild Out!! (extended, pause) Wild Out!! Wild Out!! (skinny nigga)
Who? Swizz Swizz Beatz (uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh)
2 thou- Millenium (Millenium)
Money makin plenty-em
You hear that
L-O-X, L-O-X, L-O-X, we here!

[Outro: Skit]
Yo, kiss man
I'm tired, I'm not doin a verse today, man
I'll do this shit tomorrow, man
Do da hook and everything, man
Just save me 16 bars
I'll be there tomorrow
I'm watchin a fight and chillin, tired man