[Intro: Boots Riley]
Yeah, uh-huh
Yeah, that's right
Gotta get off the phone, bust this verse
A'ight, okay

[Verse 1: Boots Riley]
I'm anti-imperial, anti-trust
Anti-gun if the shit won't bust
Anti-corporate, they anti-my-essence
Anti-snortin' them anti-depressants
But I'm not pro-poppin', I'm provocative
And pro-stoppin'-them-FBI-operatives
Who professional at Black Man Pounce
And hand you a sentence that you can't pronounce
I'm also anti-narco, anti-vice
911 marks the antichrist
They anti-social, pointin' M-16's
Guess I'm anti-the-anti-nigga-machine
Proletarian, funkadelic-parliamentarian
Pro-revolt-in-the-21st-centurian
Pro-running up in Congress sayin' "fuck it all!"
But bring the people with you, that's the protocol
This beat is joyful like jailbreaks
The whole world is anti-United-Snakes
So check it out, anticipate the anti-venom
And move your antibodies to this revolution rhythm
We gon' be fuckin' with 'em
Pro-union but most lost they bite
Anti-muthafuckas crossin' a strike
Take a look around and be for or against
But you can't do shit if you ridin' the fence

[Chorus: Boots Riley]
Ride the fence
Now, you don't really wanna ride the fence
Now, do you really wanna ride the fence?
Why would you really wanna ride the fence?
Don't ride the fence, ride the fence
Now, you don't really wanna ride the fence
Now, do you really wanna ride the fence?
Why would you really wanna ride the fence?
Don't ride the fence

[Verse 2: Boots Riley]
I'm anti-uppin'-your-dollars-with-telekinesis
I done tried everyday, and that shit decreases
Anti-them-anti-crime-bill-pieces
We need cash and that's the antithesis
I'm pro-overthrow of the "Hip-Hop Nation"
Pro-layin'-low-til-I'm-off-probation
Pro-people's-control-of-the-cash-and-corporations
Pro-prophylactic yet pro-creation
Anti-watered-down-drinks-in-fancy-cups
Anti-promoters-who-don't-ante-up
But I'm not anti-thug
I know that power is the most effective anti-drug
I'm pro-Zapatista, Pro-Cuba, Viva!
Pro-la raza sayin' "fuck la migra!"
Policia se asesina
Lemme show you what I mean
I'm anti-republican and democratic
If they self-destruct, that's anti-climactic
Tired of bein' hunted like an antelope
Take the system by the throat, that's the antidote
So I pose a proposition
Take a look, be in support or opposition
Then be proactive, proceed with confidence
'Cause you know that you can't change shit by ridin' the fence

[Chorus: Boots Riley]
Ride the fence
Now, you don't really wanna ride the fence
Now, do you really wanna ride the fence?
Why would you really wanna ride the fence?
Don't ride the fence, ride the fence
Now, you don't really wanna ride the fence
Now, do you really wanna ride the fence?
Why would you really wanna ride the fence?
Don't ride the fence