[Intro (Repeat)]
Come up, come up mane

[Verse 1: E-Roc]
Get it up, I mean give it up fool
Now give me those minerals and those jewels
Because its me, the E on the attack and I'm back with this jack, and
Coming up on some products that I'm lacking

[Verse 2: Boots Riley]
Well I'm that other ruthless type of brother
Oh, you ain't heard about my antics?
Shit, I ran cliques throughout history
That left the U.S. frantic
Get us all romantic
Before they fucked us I got a hand trick
With the Glock for these busters

[Verse 3: E-Roc]
Four hundred years ago fool where is my gold?
The year is '94 black folks ain't taking it no more
We on the rise, the Coup is not the bad guys
You know, taking from the rich giving it back to the poor
So, yo, put your two faced ass on the floor and get real
I can't feed my family with a Happy Meal

[Verse 4: Boots Riley]
To the rescue but not Lone Ranger with the lasso
I got the 9mm pointed at your asshole
So Mr. IBM, give it up smooth (smooth)
Cause this time then your bowels gonna move
See, it's a family thing, so don't even trip
My cousin J.D. got the nine
And my mama got the extra clip
So please, oh please, oh please give me them Nikes and free cheese
And while your on them knees, break me off of my G's Cause...

[Hook]
We are takin' these if you please
(Cheerio)
We are takin' these if you don't please
(Check it out)

[Verse 5: Boots Riley]
Knock, knock, knock, mothafucka let me in
I just wanna kick it in your big ass den
And if you don't like it, take two to the chin
And show me to the kitchen cause my kids is getting dizzy
I don't have to talk shit about packing a gat, in fact
You could get bucked by any other motherfucker where I live at
Hear that? Money here is crystal clear, punk
Fuck that fiscal year junk
Meet the pistol grip pump, pistol grip pump, meet Mr. Rockafella
We gonna take him out, do him like Old Yella
It's been too damn long, these profits ain't been mutual
That's why today it won't be business as usual

[Verse 6: E-Roc]
Call me the Repo Man
I'mma make it equal and
I'm get you if yo play my little sequel can
I know you're down with the Klan
But you must understand
You did the crime
So now its time to put this 9 in my hand
So put the money in the bag and 86 the tricks
Don't forget to add grits with those afro picks
And free licks on that ass
Cause my ass ain't living fat
Boots you got my back? Where the fuck you at?

[Verse 7: Boots Riley]
I'm getting ammunition out the Pinto hatchback
Refer to this as "Operation Snatchback"
Because I got the fat sacks, hollow tips to distribute equally
So who's the niggas, thugs, and pimps you mention frequently?
Gank me with frequency, now I know you got mail
And if my Glock fails
Take a sip of this molotov cocktail
Oh, is that your Rolls Royce?
Come off up them keys cause we are taking these
Even if you don't please

[Hook]

[Verse 8: E-Roc]
(How does it feel when you got no food?)
Take out the supermarkets so the people wouldn't feel the move
(How does it feel when you got no cash?)
How the fuck you think it feel when your pocket's singing "Make it last"?

[Verse 9: Boots Riley]
I choose to rock the boat instead Rock the Vote
And threw the mayor's body in the bay
To see if it would sink or float
You try to be the Mack to me, you can't we got agility
We taking factories, production plants, and all facilities
We got a gang of motherfuckas who done ate their Wheaties
No peace treaties, you swimming in your own feces
Screwed us, now you're through with us and don't need us
Shoulda used a rubber cause this shit develop like a fetus

[Verse 10: E-Roc]
Sixteen carloads packed full of chicken
I'm riding shotgun and my trigger finger's itchin'
This shit is real, we got the Infamil
Finsta to drop it off at the spot at 23rd and Foothill
I gives a fuck if you the Army, Navy, or Marines
Ain't shit to lose cuz you broke and packin' Uzi magazines
I seen the po-po (pull the trigger) and flip the birdies 6 feet in the dirt
Cause I guess he hadn't heard that...

[Hook]