[Hook - Boots Riley]
It ain't Indonesia, China White
Purple-Haired Thai, Big H Delight
Take my shit we gon' have to fight
I'm always rolling dirty so be acting right

[Verse 1 - Boots]
I'm bombing uppercut swipes as my knuckles ignite
More strikes than a teaching staff's fight for pay hikes
Like cleats with spikes I clings to my turf tight
Get low like a Smurf might -- earth is my birthright
You salivate at the sound of the bell
I come sick and make your lymph nodes swell
Nickel-plated teeth and tongue as well so you can tell
When I'm shooting off my mouth the politicians start to bail
When I shoot, Fuhrman scoot; I'm yelling, "Gimme all the loot!"
Bourgeoisie pimping me, now my digits don't compute
Chilling in a house of ill repute
But is you wearing camasols or purple-pinstripe suits?
Fact of earth and comets: macroeconomics
Yak until you vomit, or come up on a lick
Sweat oozing my skin just to get another fin
Changed my name to Valerie so I can get WIC
Savage Storm Troopers be less than seducing
Jail time producing, silly Lilliputians!
This Gulliver come equipped with a fo'-fo'
And twelve comrades in a box Chev' fo' do'
Skirting down the strip with a mission to render
And we don't give a fuck if we missing a fender
Mix it in a blender, you ain't home return to sender
Can't be saved by Cokenders or a public defender
This ain't no macrobiotic chemical colonic
This political-symphonic-lyrical-narcotic
Something much mo' potent that we plotted
Come and get some, if you ain't got it

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Ex-ex-ex-ex-ex-exhilarating!
I accuse you of NIGGA-hating!
And exploitating for PROFIT making.. don't cop a plea
Cause I'm B-double-O-T, from the C-O-U the P
I feel my epidermis at it's firmest just before a skirmish
If you want green like Kermit keep it heated like a Thermos
Aspired to be famous, putting fire in their anus
Made the ruling class hate us more than child support payments
To Rosemary's Baby; shick-a-shick-shady!!
Pissing in your gumbo and they tell you, "It's all gravy!"
See, you can't trust a big grip and a smile
And I slang rocks, but Palestinian style
Now there's a rumble in the jungle -- never mumble though I'm humble
Couple rappers took a tumble but my folks still want to rumble
Who's pimping your bundle? I'm fly like Seth Brundle
If you're snitching to Columbo we gon' drop you like a fumble
Now what you make is point-oh-one percent of what the boss make
And what the boss take is keeping us from living great
If this ain't straight you think you wanna sit down and negotiate
You better have a crew to help you shut down his estate
Don't get frustrated, discombobulated
Don't stand and debate it, get a mob and take it!
'Til then it's food stamps, vouchers, mildew-smelling couches
Overturned garbage cans with no Oscar the Grouches
Making money selling plastic pouches
As Mystikal would say, "My flo' is covered wit' roaches!"
Absotively, posolutely, can't do without it
The Shipment is delivered, come and get it if you 'bout it!

[Hook]

[Bridge - The 2 Sistas]
Systematic playa-hation
Green paper complications
Got my ass an education
Can I get an application??