Born with the struggle, used to hustle for crumbs
Fillin blunts in the building front, thuggin for ones
Full-clips fly, nicks, dimes, suckin the pump
Whole cliques fly, whips, dimes, nothing to son
City boy on the corner, I was so involved
So the drama I embraced, it would open arms
Tryna shake the pain, hoping I could break the chains
Everyday the same - who am I to make it change?
Real, my niggas risk it all just to play the game
And the young'uns going through it trying to play the same
Through the rain, through the fire, handcuffed by desire
Cynthia's son, forgive me for all the sins that I've done

[Hook]
My life, my pain lasts forever
Nothing in these streets makes it better
My life, my pain lasts forever
Nothing in these streets makes it better
So I live on..

Got a lot on my mind
As my life's shrinking and I'm caught in the times
It's a quarter to nine and I'm grabbing my nine
I had dreams, I just wanted to rhyme
Climb my ways out this wack-ass ghetto
I signed my name on the line with the Devil
Still in my prime ? to settle
Pots on the stove, old grandma's kettle
Late for my job - "he thinks he's a star!"
She hates her husband, he says I'm a slob
Mixed feelings, she ain't getting involved
Battle of the sexes, the planet off its axis
The IRS, god damn I owe these taxes!
The true verse, but I can take it
It's a long time coming, but I can make it
No mistaking, the CREAM is back..

[Hook]
My life, my pain lasts forever
Nothing in these streets makes it better
My life, my pain lasts forever
Nothing in these streets makes it better
So I live on..

I got my niggas, true niggas, real niggas
Stop the wheel, really?
You only feel me if you walk the same road
Talk the same codes
Still dwelling in the Hell and find the time to make a home
The few who escape tryna find a safer zone
I ain't waiting for Obama, never doubted him
I'm proud of him. He real, spend a couple million on the housing and
Seeing is believing, my vision is blurred
Cause I ain't seen nothing, I heard
Really ain't nothing but words, divine my mind
I'm still stuck to the curb
Sky high, but it wasn't the shurm
Really nothing but herbs - I risk it all for the cause
Even if it's war with the law
I can't/won't/don't stop, I ain't got an off switch
Dying trying to live it, just to get a small part of it
My squad is sick type that you don't want problems with
Rolling like 70 Mack trucks - what's stopping it?