[Intro: U-God]
Countdown...

[Verse 1: U-God]
Are you ready? Are you mad inside?
Got you strapped down to your seats
Out of the doorway, bullets ripped, full clip
God speed, approach follow my lead
Fire winds gust, empire crush
Full thrust, fall in the hole, roll wit the rush
Untouchable chunk of earwax and soul
Sound waves slay out the bat cave smoke
My belly-full prance dance, avalanche quote
Down slope, elegant as Fantasia
Killer whale tale inhale, black male from Asia
All out the wood works, hood shirts and wizards
No match, unhatch, the rap is rigid
In the shaft, shotty cocked, hip hop to the limit
Nightwatch, pad mark
Sparks spin a quake nuclear blast, heavy on the cash
Gimmie what it takes NOW!!

[Chorus: x2: U-God]
Rage, rock roll, fight
Brawl, fall, rumbleee!

[Verse 2: Letha Face]
The diabolic witty, dialect's darker than Gotham City
With the possibility to stop your walkin ability
God forgive me, spark enemies with pistol grips
The missile tip's impact hit you so hard, you shit through your dick
Official scripts strikes when physical hits
You physical bitch, watch for the imperial blitz, serious shit
Submit, subject to the wreck war tone, and thought poems
Liver than WWF Warzone
Walk upon them Gotti tracks, bodies collapse
Rap for lottery stacks, shatter like when pottery cracks
Logical facts from the terror dome
Spill from the guts, trail to you ?puss? from where you bust
In God you now entrust
Dog you like hound and mutts, Pound Pups get sound struck
Clown what? You'll get drowned in the cut
While crowd round up

[Chorus: x2: U-God]
Rage, rock roll, fight
Brawl, fall, rumbleee!

[Verse 3: Inspectah Deck]
A-yo, yo;
I spit bars, traveling tremendous speed measuring far
Been busting satellites circling Mars
Verbal onslaught, bring forth physical force
Of a hundred wild niggas piled in a Trojan Horse
Thought method, set it on generic mic ethic
Professional neck shit, left foes beheaded
This music, is mind control like computer chips
Been doing this for numerous years, refuse to lose it
With turbo tactics, maneuver like a trained soldier
Hall of Fame flame thrower, take game, it's game over
Ayatollah, high roller nine totter
Mind controller, 2009 time folder
My coalition, bring the demolition
Wu-blade decision, slate the competition, wit no intermission
Spitting hazardous darts, up front like Rosa Parks
Makin million men march

[Chorus: x2: U-God]
Rage, rock roll, fight
Brawl, fall, rumbleee!

[Verse 4: Method Man]
Yo, who got next? Meth got next
I chin check, all these MC's line em up god, I go Jihad
Declare holy war, it be hard to dip and dodge
Police squads trying to bogard, we rip and rob
The boulevard ain't safe for your kids, that's how it is
In the ghetto, we ain't scared to death, but scared to live
So Goldy, mosey to the spot, get that moldy
Rusty-ass .38 Special, niggas owe me
Slowly I turn, face the one and only
Naughty By Nature, I Do My Dirt All By My Lonely
Ask Pretty Tony, when I got a bitch I keeps a bitch
36 Chambers, enter at your own risk
Take that watch off and tuck your necklace
City never sleeps, streets is restless
Rap style'll slave you, when you least expect it
Pull the plug on your respirator, leave you breathless
Wu-Tang forever and a day, better warn your boys
I deploy battleship rap, seek and destroy

[Chorus: x2: U-God]
Rage, rock roll, fight
Brawl, fall, rumbleee!