[Introduction: RZA (Method Man)]
(Everybody come on down)
Sittin' in my class, yo
Let me get the mic, yo,yo, check, check, yo, yo

[Verse 1: RZA]
Sittin' in my class at a quarter to ten
Waitin' patiently for the class to begin
The teacher said "Students open up your text
And read the first paragraph on oral sex!"
I said "Oral sex! What kind of class is this?!"
Then the girl next to me said "what's wrong with you miss?!
Yo, this is a lesson that makes you feel fine
Kinda ease your nerves and relax your mind!"
I told her "Don't try to use no hypnostic spell!"
She said "Be my assistant, I'd sure rather tell!"
Yo, my knees buckled heart started to drop
My dick grew to a size that my nerves couldn't stop
I tried to leave, she yelled out "freeze!"
Pulled down my pants and then dropped to her knees
Ripped off my draws as if she had claws
Broke the rules that defined sex laws
She saw my dick and responded quick with a welcoming kiss
And a ice cream lick
She did the job she begin to slob
As she nibbled on my dick like it was corn on a cob
She put her head in between my legs
I said "Easy on my balls, they're fragile as eggs."
She kept sucking and then we start fucking
She said "RZArector, nigga keep trucking"
Yes, in pain she yelled out the name "Rakeem!"
And then I came

[Verse 2: Masta Killa]
*unintelligible freestyle*

Do the knowledge to a nigga named Trigga
Bad rude boy from the lands of Jamaica
Visions to venture to the U.S
To receive the gold that he couldn't achieve in his country
Even though he sold mad weed
For the next man, who was the Don of the clan
Niggas actin' like they got my block locked
Like I can't sling drug raps and eat food
But I be the rudest... gun totin'
Shots lash out like a violent explosion
At the nigga, who tries to stop my production
Intervene the scene and slow up my Cream
None of that black, East New York, gun talk
Niggas I extort from Baltic to Boardwalk

[Hook RZA]
Someones knocking at my door, someones ringing my bell
Well, who is it?
Someones knocking at my door, someones ringing the bell
Well, who is it?
Someones knocking at my door, someones ringing the  bell

[Verse 3: Method Man]
This rhyme has no limitation, this time there's no hesitation
Collecting minds at the door
You want it baby it's yours, the flavors raw
What the fuck you think I'm flowing for? It's rhyme and reason
Bite the bullet brothers is foul and it's duck season
We at odds till we even motherfucker
Bad asses, high times, lower classes
Taste mine, straight shots in dirty glasses
Bring it to him, room service, under pressure and mad nervous
Waving guns at the clergy
Ticallion, we ain't worried, keep them sick niggas 7-30
Picture this, watch the birdy

[Hook]
Someones knocking at my door
Who is it?
Someones ringing my bell
Well, its the RZA!
Someones knocking at my door
Who is it?
Someones ringing my bell
Well, its the RZA!

[Verse 4: RZA]
This here style is called sweet premium
If it was crack, I guess you fiends would beam them
Crabs don't like me, but what could they do me
Disrespect the God, yo nigga, i'll tell you truly
Rhymes are like poison, son, so watch your dosage
Me? I'm like the priest Pai Mei, the White Lotus
Style is wild, it's called the Plum Blossum
Cold grab the microphone, you play possum
Sometimes rhyming may not just be my intent
You wanna fight? You best to wear a helmet
It won't take long for me, to break your barrier
Coming out strapped just like a missile carrier
Out of the blue the Wu will fuck with you
When I gots the gun, dunn, I play the buckaroo
Walk down the block like a vigilante
Guess I can't stop 'til a hoe enchant me
Then I step to her, just to interview her
Sweat her for an hour, 'til I get to screw her
Keep a stack of condoms inside my cannister
Freak her on the floor, and on my bannister
Coming back for more, that's how we keep them
R to the H-A-E-M, yo

[Verse 5: Method Man]
Girls and girls and girls and girls, girls and girls and girls and girls
Stephanie's a girl without no hair
Everytime i see her face, it makes me scared
She so big and strong, destroying all the houses
Beating down the fellas and busting out her blouses
So one night I was so damn scared
Cause she reached down in her drawers and started pulling a [?]
So I ran out the block, my stupid street
And she was right there singing this song to me
So I took off again, started running my speed
That's when I ran into the brother Allah B
Now I was [?] I was kinda confused
But I had to get away there was no time to lose
Stephanie was upset, getting real mad
Walking around [?]
I looked around she was nowhere to be seen
That's when she cold snuffed the brother, Allah B
So I ran out the block by the plaza store
And she was standing right there in the fucking door
So I took off again, but she was catching up fast
Stephanie [?] and started waxing my ass

[Hook]
Someones knocking at your door nigga
Who is it nigga?
Someones ringing the bell
Well its U-G
Someones knocking at my door, someones ringing the bell
Well, U-G


[Verse 6: U-God]
I holds down the place, no shots to your  face
Elite Special force no religious style faith
The melting pot boil gun shot drama soil
Gamble when I scramble handle hot pots of oil

[Interlude]
[U-God] We're gonna bring it back selector... Mathematics
[RZA] Hit 'em this one time, hit 'em this one time
[U-God] Hit' em in the head with the oldschool dead, dead 'em up real dead
[Meth] Word, right yo nigga, yo, come on with the... (we outta here)
*unintelligible freestyling*
[RZA] This is Wu-Tang, we out right here, we out though, we out
[Meth] Hold on...fuck that
[RZA] We gotta rap it up, we gotta rap it up
[Meth] Alright...

[Outro: Method Man]
I'm here for you son, I gotcha back
As long as you keep it real, word, I gotcha back
Brothers want the drama but don't know how to act
Until the chrome pointed at his dome head crack...