Soon as we get something that's good, the white man come with a shiny mirror with some couple beads or something, and we sold in a drink, you know what I'm saying?
The St. Ides commercial went fine thank you.. fuck that

I want to make it something that we can live by.
I felt like there's no way I can stop calling myself a nigga,
Just as sure as there was no way that motherfuckers was gon' stop calling me a nigga
so instead of taking it, letting them take that away from me
I took it from them, niggas now mines and when they say nigga they give me strength, so say it, say it!

And all those that say I'm wrong for saying it and they wanna bleep it out, they wasn't beeping that shit up 20 years ago so don't bleep that shit out now.

I still see Tom & Jerry's you know
and Popeye with black Sambo babies and shit they ain't bleeping that shit up
so I'll be damned if I bleeped out nigga
and it's gon' be on, just like that, every time and I'm say it freely just like I say dude ... "nigga" that's my word you know what I'm saying that's how feel, I took it from there..hell yeah

just like we can do anything... we can do that.. not not I'm not saying this.
I gotta say this again It's not black against white
when I say "we", it's the good against evil
and what I mean we can take anything we want, we can take..
We can have anything, because it belongs to you
If you're right and you got, good on your side, I really truly believe that nothing can stop you
and I'm using the same thing as America taught me
that's what I'm using the tools of this country, Capitalism and imperialism, colon-ism, I'm using all those against them, and that's what they hate
they hate to see a little black kid sit in a first class with a gang in gold chains, gold rings you know what I'm saying
the stewards staring at me .. they hate that.. they hate that shit so bad
they hate; when I get off the plane and they lugging they luggage to go find a cab and I gotta car waiting for me with my name real  big, big African name "Tupac" they hate that I see it in their eyes
they hate that; when they see me in the restaurant or something wit a girl it's a black woman and I'm sitting next to
they hate that.. they hate.. they really hate when it's a white woman, but they won't see it.. they won't.. not from Tupac
so they hate that they see me with black woman they hate I don't say bitch, you know what I'm saying?, to black females
I say bitch to white cops and the crooked cops that's who I say bitch to that's who is a bitch they hate that
they hate that; they can't limit me and hold me in one circle
they hate; every time they tryna put me in gangsta category
I flip, do summer song and end up in a juice category and I love that
I love that about myself, and I love that about black people
and If I can love... I'm loving myself
I remember when I was poor I hated myself, now I love myself
so I see what the curse can do, and I see what it takes to get it off you
it just takes a little confidence, and that's what we missing as black people
we let, them make us feel like you know, a quiet again
just being a quiet, you know what I'm saying, telling you that when good chains is hoochie
and that's played out, cause they make jokes about it
you know boohubhubahubhuba, really!, they ain't got no rhythm,
so what they can tell me, how can they joke about buhubahuba and they ain't got no rhythm, you know what I'm saying
how they gon' joke about me wearing gold chains
and they wearing a fuckin cougar skin, they wearing animal skin
and it's 20 you know it's hot, they wearing animal's furs and shit
how can they tell me about surviving on this planet and I've been here longer, and I can walking the sun with me with no problems.. for as long as I want I can enjoy the air for as long as I want and they can't ..something is wrong
there's a difference for us to say we all equal, we are equal in terms of the rights that we should giving but every body is different, everybody is unique, and you have to give black people their credit, just like we give white people their credits

"Tupac"
Uhm, my mother, you know when she gave birth to me
she was just coming out of jail, being in a jail because they were holding her up for the trial, so she had all these females, these women strong women around her and she was like "what I'm gonna name my son" and it was just lady came from Beirut, and she was telling my mother this
folk story about this  a true life Peruvian revolutionary named "Túpac Amaru"
who the government that told him okay we [?]
though he was fighting the government he was really winning, his little fucking.. tribes was beating the government and they said okay we wanna stop fighting
we wanna meet with Túpac Amaru
he came and they met and when they so he wanna cease the fighting
would you please cease the fighting too many people are dying we gon' give you what you asked for
he said okay, told them to cease fire
soon as they said cease fire, they cut his [?], cut his head off, cut his legs off, stuck 'em on the stick and put him in the middle of the village.. so this is my reminder, that's my reminder, every time you say my name that's my reminder to never compromise myself (that's right) and never quit, there is no such thing as truce while people ain't free regardless of who it is