[Intro: DJ Chop Up as 2Pac]
(Guess who the fuck is  back)
(I-i-it's the mother-.. fu--fucking
(DJ Chop Up Exclusive)
Welcome back brother.. haha... nigga

[Hook x2: DJ Chop Up as 2Pac]
Somebody gotta die tonight nigga
All my boys gon' ride tonight nigga
Fuck with me, then the strap gon' fly tonight
A nigga gon' die tonight

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
First off, fuck your bitch and the clique you claim
Westside when we ride, come equipped with game
You claim to be a player, but I fucked your wife
We bust on Bad Boys, niggas fucked for life
Plus Puffy trying to see me, weak hearts I rip
Biggie Smalls and Junior M.A.F.I.A. some mark-ass bitches
We keep on coming while we running for your jewels
Steady gunning, keep on busting at them fools
You know the rules
Lil' Caesar go ask your homie how I'll leave you
Cut your young ass up, leave you in pieces, now be deceased
Little Kim, don't fuck around with real G's
Quick to snatch your ugly ass off the streets
So fuck peace! I'll let them niggas know it's on for life
Don't let the Westside ride the night haha
Bad Boy murdered on wax and killed
Fuck with me and get your caps peeled
You know

[Hook x2: DJ Chop Up as 2Pac]
Somebody gotta die tonight nigga
All my boys gon' ride tonight nigga
Fuck with me, then the strap gon' fly tonight
A nigga gon' die tonight

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Peep how we do it, keep it real as penitentiary steel
This ain't no freestyle battle
All you niggas getting killed with your mouths open
Trying to come up off of me, you in the clouds hoping
Smoking dope, it's like a sherm high
Niggas think they learned to fly
But they burn, motherfucker, you deserve to die
Talking about you getting money, but it's funny to me
All you niggas living bummy – why you fucking with me?
I'm a self-made millionaire
Thug livin', out of prison, pistols in the air haha
Biggie, remember when I used to let you sleep on the couch
And beg a bitch to let you sleep in the house?
Now it's all about Versace, you copied my style
Five shots couldn't drop me, I took it and smiled
Now I'm back to set the record straight
With my AK, I'm still the thug that you love to hate
Nigga

[Hook x4: DJ Chop Up as 2Pac]
Somebody gotta die tonight nigga
All my boys gon' ride tonight nigga
Fuck with me, then the strap gon' fly tonight
A nigga gon' die tonight

[Spoken Word: 2Pac]
Ain't no niggas in here?!
All my motherfuckin' niggas, put your motherfuckin' guns in the air!
You know what I'm sayin', all the niggas put your guns in the air!
If you ain't got your guns in the air right now, I'm assuming you got a pussy between your legs
Word to god, we be on that real shit
Y'all stay real out here
Gon' let the smooth stay smooth (west side 'til we die!)

[Hook x2: DJ Chop Up as 2Pac]
Somebody gotta die tonight nigga
All my boys gon' ride tonight nigga
Fuck with me, then the strap gon' fly tonight
A nigga gon' die tonigh