[Intro: 2pac]
Where the fuck do these niggas live where all this shit be goin' down?
You want to know how I did this shit? You want to know how real my shit is?
Nigga, go read the mothafuckin' newspaper, you trick-ass nigga

[Verse 1: 2pac]
How many broke-down rappers got some shit to say?
I sit and strategize, in due time, them bitches pay
Plus all day, I puff weed till my eyes bleed red
Undercover tactics, leave my enemies dead
Check this, I know you niggas got no love for me
But how the fuck your whole clique turn to thugs, homie?
Like misdemeanors, it's a small thang
You niggas ain't ready for war, let my balls hang
Bust it, I took apart your whole crew, lack heart, I ain't concerned
I bust at Bad Boy, Mobb Deep and murder The Firm
When you scream "Fake thugs," who the fuck you mean?
Get more cream than all of y'all, nigga, fuck your team
Now Dre want to switch sides, tricks hide in war
Last year, I shed tears, but I don't cry no more
Plus Jay-Z tried to play me, won't last long
Go ask King Sun how it feel to have your ass gone
Listen Doo-Wop, don't get your shit knocked, you can't win
Tell 'em all to let the games begin, we havin' war games

Yeah nigga, y'all niggas can't fade this shit
Got shot 5 times, got out of jail on bail
And sold 5 million

[Hook: 2pac]
I'm a self-made millionaire!
Thug livin', out of prison
Pistols in the air
(Background while Chorus:
Sold more records then all you trick muthafuckaz put together
More then the Firm, more then Bad Boy, murder Mobb Deep)
5 shots couldn't drop me: I took it and smiled (3x)
(3rd time parallel:) Now I'm back to set the record straight
With my A-K, I'm still the thug that you love to hate (love to hate, love to hate)

[Verse 2:]

[? 4 different Rappers, but not 2Pac]

[Hook]

[Verse 3: 2pac]
First off, fuck your bitch and the clique you claim
Westside when we ride, come equipped with game
You claim to be a player but I fucked your wife
We bust on Bad Boys, niggas fucked for life
Plus Puffy tryna see me, weak hearts I rip
Biggie Smalls and Junior M.A.F.I.A. some mark-ass bitches
We keep on coming while we running for your jewels
Steady gunning, keep on busting at them fools
You know the rules
Little Ceasar go ask you homie how I'll leave you
Cut your young ass up, leave you in pieces
Now be deceased
Little Kim, don't fuck around with real G's
Quick to snatch your ugly ass off the streets
So fuck peace
I'll let them niggas know it's on for life
So let the Westside ride the night
Bad Boys murdered on wax and killed
Fuck with me and get your caps peeled
You know

[Hook]

[Outro: 2pac]

[?]