[Pre-Recorded Audio: 2Pac]
Change? Shit
I guess change is good for any of us

[Intro]
(C'mon) Yeah!
(It's all about you, one time)
Where my ladies at? Where my ladies?
It's all about you
(Turn it up, turn it up)
Turn that shit up man!
(Fuck that shit!)
Not the mic!

[Verse 1]
You probably crooked as the last trick
Want to laugh 'bout how I got my ass
Caught up with this bad bitch?
Thinkin' I had her, but she had me in the long run
It's just my luck, I'm stuck with fuckin' with the wrong one
Wise decisions, based on lies we livin'
Scandalous times, this game's like my religion
You could be rollin' with a thug
Instead you with this weak scrub, lookin' for some love
In every club, I see you starin' like you want it
Well, baby, if you got it, better flaunt it
Let the liquor help you get up on it
I'm still tipsy from last night
Bumpin' these walls as I pause, addicted to the fast life
I try to holla, but you tell me you taken
Sayin' you ain't impressed with the money I'm makin'
Guess it's true what they tellin' me
Fresh out of jail, life's hell for a black celebrity
Well that's the reason why I call, and maybe you with it
Fantasies of us kissin', can I kick it?
Addicted to the things you do
But still true what I'm sayin', boo, ‘cause this is all about you

[Chorus]
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho
C'mon G
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho

[Verse 2]
I make a promise if you go with me, just let me know
I'll have you hollerin' my name out before I leave
Nobody loves me, I'm a thug nigga
I only hung out with the criminals and drug dealers
I love niggas ‘cause we comin' from the same place
Witness me holla at a hoochie, see how quick the game takes
How can I tell her I'm a playa and I don't even care?
Creep low, weed smoke's in the air
Everywhere I go, it's all about the groupie hoes
Waitin' for niggas at the end of every show
I just seen you in my friend's video
Now I don't put a bitch before my friends, so here we go
Follow the leader and peep the drama that I'm goin' through
It's all about you
You, you, you, you
And you, and you

[Chorus]
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho
(This ain't just for the ladies)
(This for some of the niggas too)
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho

[Verse 4]
You couldn't hold me back, it'd take a fatter track
A lyrical attack, perhaps, it was a visual bluff
When I started to snaps all your rode 'em swoll
Straight in control, flows'll fold, while hoes cold stroll
Hold the set, I told Dramacy' go in next
Gold diggin', cold diggin' a gold Rolex
I slide in easily, try a grizzly
Sluts know the cut, I came to fuck, try skeezin' me
Runnin' up in ya just like Bruce Jenner when I bend ya
At the most, I fucked a bitch from the West Coast to West Virginia

[Outro]
Uh, uh
It's like that
And, and
It's all about you