[Verse 1: 2Pac]
There's no way to survive in the city it's a shame
Niggas die from my hollow-point bullet to the brain
Will I survive or will I die is what I wonder
Puffin on blunts and gettin' drunk to keep from goin' under
Gettin' lost in the madness, blunted gettin' tipsy
Got my pistol out the window screamin', "Lord come and get me"
Am I sick, or am I just another victim?
Unloadin' my clip, I'm watchin' every bullet spit when I kick 'em
Niggas die from automatic gunfire
Your time to expire, nobody cry every man gotta die
When they bury me, they bury me a G
Rest in peace, to all the homies got to heaven before me
Pour some liquor on the curb for the niggas that's caught
Had a motherfuckin' warrant but he didn't go to court
God damn, and one day we'll all be together
Until then I'm ready for whatever, c'mon

[Hook: 2Pac]
Bullet to the brain!
Bullet to the brain!
Bullet to the brain!
But don't blame me, blame the [?]
Goin' to hell with my finger on the trigger
Bullet to the brain!
Bullet to the brain!
Bullet to the brain!

[Verse 2: Eminem]
If I could capture the rage of today's youth and bottle it
Crush the glass with my bare hands and swallow it
And spit it back in the faces of you racists
And hypocrites who think the same shit but don't say shit
You Liberaces, Versaces, and you Nazis
Watch me, 'cause you figured you got me in this hot seat
You motherfuckers wanna judge me 'cause you're not me
You'll never stop me, I'm top speed and you pop me
I came to save these new generations of babies
From parents who failed to raise them 'cause they're lazy
To grow to praise me, I'm makin' them go crazy
That's how I got this whole nation to embrace me
And you fugazi if you think I'ma admit wrong
I cripple any hypocritic critic I'm sicked on
And this song is for any kid who gets picked on
A sick song to retaliate to

[Hook: 2Pac]
Bullet to the brain!
Bullet to the brain!
Bullet to the brain!
But don't blame me
Nigga go in the hell with my finger on the trigger
Bullet to the brain!
Bullet to the brain!
Bullet to the brain!
So suck [?]

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Dear Lord can ya hear me, it's just me
A young nigga tryin' to make it on these rough streets
I'm on my knees beggin' please come and save me
The whole world done made a nigga crazy!
I got my three-five-seven can't control it
Screamin' die motherfucker and he's loaded
Everybody run for cover, aww shit
Thug Life motherfucker, duck quick
Now am I wrong if I am don't worry me
Cause do or die gettin' high 'til they bury me
Dear Lord can ya hear me, when I die
Let a nigga be strapped, fucked up, and high
With my hands on the trigger, thug nigga
Stressin' like a motherfuckin' drug dealer
And even in the darkest nights, I'm a thug for Life
I got the heart to fight now
Mama raised a hellraiser why cry
That's just life in the ghetto, do or die