Got me thinkin' 'bout better days
Heyyy! Better days..
Got me thinkin' 'bout better days
Most of these niggas need bitches too
But you never hear that side of the story so
We wanna do shit like this...

Verse-1
Sometimes its hard to wake up in the morning
Mind full of demons, I don't wanna hear them anymore
Got me heartbroken,fine, so many babies screaming
Cause they seeing destruction before they a see human being
So they start smoking weed, we'll never get our day
Until we learn to pray, keep our families in shape
Cause they all broke. and why do ghetto birds die
Before we learn to fly, some bodies else's child caught in guns
Smoking weed, can all make a change
So I'm told, but I haven't seen the change unfold
I keep hoping please, if you prefer to breathe
Communities in need of people that will lead
Keep your eyes open, I can only say I'll try
Until the day I die
Baby please don't cry
Got me thinkin' 'bout better day

Verse-2 (Not sure about few words here)
Eternally thug nigga Hilfigure made by Tommy
So when I speak hope to reach my buddy mommy
Oh come to poppy
I love it when you sweat and sloppy more peeps
Until I come to wake no one can stop me
My bump and grind
Coming through ya every time
Come get a blast of this through passion
It'll blow your mind
Hey throw up your legs
Wrap your shit around my back
It's a west side bang fucking hoes around the map
? get down with 2Pac while I'm ? out ?
While they seduce my jimmy I'll
Be screaming give me body
Make then hoes scream my name out
Give me my prides and don't cha
Love out these thugs nigga ?
I'm at the freaking parade
I'm watching caramel bitches play
Get with real niggas bullshitting never get your pay
This is the dream of a young black teen
I think hoes cross-country like a greedy crack fiend
Now come on!

Verse-3
Though half our problems can be based on economical greed
And dying breed, addicted to weed
They're getting Gs
With my heart open, greed, brings only misery
A way to tragedy, so I stay sucker free
Only a few chosen, rise (rise)
My ghetto queen, rise (rise)
Don't be afraid to try (try)
Too many of us died for the door to open wide
My brother be wise, stay focused on the prize
Though everybody dies
We continue growing...

Got me thinkin' 'bout better days
Heyyy! Better days..