[Intro]
Danger times, danger times, danger times, danger times
Danger times, danger times, danger times, danger times

[Verse 1: Majesty]
It's on, a dead body found wrapped in the carpet
A healthy pretty baby found cryin' in the garbage
Walk your dog, she pees on the sidewalk
No movies no clubs, 'cause you're bound to get caught
In the mix, runnin' for your life, time to get home
See somebody fool caught a straight to the dome
For no reason, death is still the season
Everybody's scared, leave the body bleedin'
People runnin' frantic, 'cause the shots are still ringin'
These damn thugs, just won't stop the gun slingin'
Havin' fun in these days, you gotta wear a vest
1-2-5 in the summer's like the Wild West
Something jump off a nigga cap, everybody cap
Worst about it is every fuckin' body's strapped
All you can do is cross your fingers and hope you're lucky
I see you used ta wear a laugh or grab her asses chokin'
But if I'm ok when the shots stop, not layin' in blood
Hop in my ride, tryin' to slide with these scared thugs
Dangerous times, dangerous days, dangerous nights
Everywhere we go the danger's never out of sight
Junior high school in '86 and '87
They had 38's and '94 is Mack 11's
What the hell is goin' on God? Pass the indo
What the hell they killin' over Nintendo?
I think the world is endin', and AIDS is the plague
So you can die later if you don't die today
Mothers cryin', can't understand it
Their kids gone and even reach a man yet
I try to free the hip hop when I rapping lines
But every time I try, it ends up being crime time
Go to school, go to the movies, go to the club, go to the store
Turn on the news, it's like were livin' in a war
No one to trust, the cops are the fuckin' crooks
In these days, they ain't goin' by the books
Proceed with caution, if you're not you're lost
In these fucked up times they have no remorse in
Get twisted, the last thing on your mind
You got caught kid, livin' in these danger times

[Hook]
It's that reality (dan-danger times...)
It's that reality (dan-danger times...)
It's that reality (dan-danger times...)
It's that reality (dan-danger times...)

[Verse 2: Stretch]
Yo I'm ridin' through the back streets
Bumpin' black beats, stop where the niggas sellin' crack be
Say what up to my neighbourhood dealers
Niggas rollin' cee-lo, local car stealers
Narcs cruisin' by, they wanna lock us on the way
No eye contact, we wanna lead them astray
But the niggas in the backseat lookin' like a snitch though
Cops hookin' up, lookin' like a little bitch yo
So you know I'm back dro
Can't get caught in the mix
By these fake trouble cops and they crooked ass tricks
And uh, hold up yo, niggas rollin' up, for what?
I don't know, but they was busters so I gives a fuck
Pop a man in his fuckin' dome had to yank for chrome
I forgot it, I was lurkin' in the red zone
When the smoke cleared, I see my man was dead
And the cops on the corner, then a muthafucka fled the scene
It's gotta be a dream yo I'm buggin'
I stood up the scene, lookin' mean mad muggin' muthafucka
That I be from the streets
For the first thing jump, I got my hand on my heat
Yo it's danger time

[Hook]
It's that reality (dan-danger times...)
It's that reality (dan-danger times...) [nigga, danger times]
It's that reality (dan-danger times...)
It's that reality (dan-danger times...)

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Yo, will I, live or die?
I don't know 'cause it's stranger times
I'm too high to read the muthafuckin' danger signs
Niggas all on my phone talkin' major shit
And you mad 'cause I don't wanna page you, bitch
Now quit being quick to flip
My niggas dyin' over small time triflin' shit
So I ain't got time for these you know whats
On the nuts of a nigga makin' major bucks
I'm more lost, runnin' from the police force
New York's finest, comin' right behind us
Mind flippin' off the Moet that a nigga's sippin'
Open fire on them bitches if they get to trippin'
Mob on the scene with the Squad from Queens
Drinkin' Hennessy, muthafuckin' cops are green
Plus the mini 14 for the punks wit' funk
Drop the trunk on them silly bitches, blast them punks

[Hook]
It's that reality (dan-danger times...)
It's that reality (dan-danger times...)
It's that reality (dan-danger times...)
It's that reality (dan-danger times...)