[Intro: Daz]
Yeah..
Pac, Dat Nigga Daz
Kurupt
All up in this bitch

[Hook]
Don't stop, keep goin'.. don't stop, keep goin'
Don't stop, keep goin'.. don't stop, keep goin'
Don't stop, keep goin'.. don't stop, keep goin'
Don't stop..
No stop..

[Collision]
Keep it goin, got my nigga Slip Capone
Hahahaha, hell yeah, lot of fakers is out there
Niggas get around these backwoods
Get around they mommas, pull up they pants
Hide they rags and start to act good, hahahahaha!

[Verse 1: Daz Dillinger]
Who mashes with the crazy, illest niggas in town?
Killin' willingly, who got the right to make a sound?
My sound break block, corners, avenues and drives
It's about time the mashin' is arrived
I take you on a mission, be on a mission, I'm packin' steel
Steadily giving these niggas no passes on livin'
I spend major loot on khaki suits
Nikes and kroker-saks to sweat suits, and leather boots
I box niggas twice my size, I bust wit' a fo'-five
Lick you up in yo' eye, blast, make the party live
I live the unusual, crucial life
So pay attention when I come through for you and your crew
As just a man and his music, I ain't afraid to use it
Bruise you badly, you want confusion, I mean it's useless
To step to this, we in effect, we dangerous
Contending mental murderers and ain't afraid to diss
Bitch

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Now I been called crazy, to fade me it's not possible
I give a fuck, what you thought, or who you brought witchu?
(Bad Boy killer) A Bad Boy killer, Biggie annihilator
They wonderin' why he breathin', but bitches is dyin' later
Better laugh now, then cry when I come to get you
I hit you with two Glocks, and leave you with scar tissue
On some loco shit, my pistol smoke yo' shit
Let's go for dolo bitch, and watch me flow yo' shit
Mr., Makaveli movin' pieces like telekinesis
It's like a chess game, let's play wit' real pieces
Shots rang and niggas brains was spilled
Another Bad Boy affiliator nigga was killed
I hit the funeral and bust at his folks
And leave the scene like a shadow in a blaze of smoke
Don't stop, keep goin'

[Hook]
Don't stop (don't stop), keep goin'.. don't stop (don't stop), keep goin'
(It don't stop)
Don't stop (don't stop), keep goin'.. don't stop (don't stop), keep goin'
Don't stop (don't stop), keep goin'.. don't stop (don't stop), keep goin'

[Verse 3: Kurupt]
Well it's that seventeen shot Glock cocker, the block rocker
Hardcore hooligan, verbal assault chopper
Finally televised - Kurupt, Daz reside
Lethal with mics like guns, bats and knifes
Those who oppose are my foes, all stand in rows
Deadliest MC across the globe, Kurupt Capone
I packs heat when it's cold
Too much pressure makes ya fold, so lo' and behold
Why you waitin' for the poetical Satan?
Creatin' slaughters, runnin' through camps like Walter Payton
I snatch ya breath and bust 'til there's no one left
Who goes against the program, I'm the Man like Meth
I don't trust ya
The second I get a chance I'ma bust ya
No matter where, you could be in Russia I'ma touch ya
Vocal assassin, motivated by cash
Shoot for the loot, brownies and black mags

[Hook]
Don't stop, keep goin'.. don't stop, keep goin'
Don't stop, keep goin'.. don't stop, keep goin'
Don't stop, keep goin'.. don't stop, keep goin'
Don't stop, keep goin'.. don't stop, won't stop

[Outro]
Let the speakers bump, bitch
For everybody out there that got the humps in they Jeep
Big Suburbans, they Lexus's, they Beamers
We gon' break it down a lil' something like this
For you to get yo' sub on throughout yo' neighborhood
Turn it up, check it out
They claim to be down, they say they down
Number one..