[Intro/Chorus: Jewell]
You can't fade me, you can't fade me
You can't fade me, you can't fade me

[Verse 1: Kastro]
Truly, you're a cutie
You know I ain't tryin' to act a fool
And be rude, they call me Kastro
And you; Oh! Storm sound like a cutie too
What's poppin'? with me and you
Just hit me with the seven
It'll be my pleasure to see what we can do
Oh! you ain't alone, got a man at home, answerin' the phone
But he ain't the one, 'cause if he is, than why you gone?
What you drinkin' on? - Hennessy with me
A glass of Thug Passion or just a plain Pepsi
Oh! you're cool? - sure that I assume
You ain't too much of a drinker today
You was alright, I think I want you right away
See, I'm only eighteen, these groupies they just want to sue me
Push my whoopty, act like they don't spend my dooky
And I could see it'd be
Twenty-two or so, older soldier on my team
I put you in my video, and give you plenty of dough
By my hotel room, Four fifty four, hope that you go
Baby, can you fade me?

[Chorus: Jewell]
You can't fade me, you can't fade me
You can't fade me, you can't fade me

[Verse 2: Napoleon]
See girl, I'm laced with game but it ain't similar
The shit that I'm talkin' get more deeper
Than callin' and comin' to visit ya, it's hard to feel ya
But I been playin' since I been born
And I moved up in a age strolled the page, turned it, now it's on
Can't ignore, the way you hit the club and play the floor
Hittin' up every position and that's for sure
But I think it's more, than situation that I'm facin'
Your Shorty was hesitation so I'ma replace her
Plus to get specific; it ain't no hoochie that's unlisted
That the homies that I roll with ain't twisted
And that what makes me diss it
I ran through cousins, through aunties on down to triplets
For droppin' the highest level of game and got no digits
Now can you dig it? - but you ain't in no competition
'Cause most conversations you be kickin' you sure to get it
Now, baby can you fade me?

[Chorus: Jewell]
You can't fade me, you can't fade me
You can't fade me, you can't fade me

[Collision: 2Pac]
Oh! Mo, you're a little player Napoleon but uhh
(Let me show y'all little niggas how it really goes)
I'ma show you how the big dogs do it nigga
This is how you get her up
You don't know how to rule no bitch nigga
(Hold up baby! would you get off, thinkin' you can fade me)
Look how you stutter and shit nigga, watch out
Get to the side, which one?
Pick all out, pick out nigga, which one?
That one? - peep this shit

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Hold up baby, would you get off, thinkin' you can fade me?
Evadin' my niggas like radius and then attempt to play me
Oh! yeah, you're crazy thinkin' you can just be Swazy
'Cause my conversation; gettin' you hot enough for love makin'
Participation is needed, yeah, I'm drunk and gettin' weeded
In the back of my Jaguar, the life of a rap star
Completely freak-able
I get weak, when I sit and think of shit that we can do
Let me introduce Mr. Makaveli is who you're speakin' to
What's up with you? - as you can see I love freakin' you (Boo)
Who, Black, Mexican, Puerto Rican too
Long as it's ghetto you can bet I'm gettin' deep in you
Believe it boo, I got my eyes concentrated on the size of your thighs
No I ain't Dre baby, but won't you let me ride?
'Cause a nigga want the booty cat
This Thug Passion so your man can't have it back
And that's a fact, so, how you want to act?
Baby, can you feel me? - like Run D.M.C. "It's Like That"
Tell me, can you fade me?

[Chorus: Jewell]
You can't fade me, you can't fade me
You can't fade me, you can't fade me
You can't fade me, you can't fade me
You can't fade me, you can't fade me
You can't fade me, you can't fade me
You can't fade me, you can't fade me
You can't fade me, you can't fade me
You can't fade me, you can't fade me
You can't fade me

[Collision: 2Pac]
That's how you mack to a bitch you little young niggas
Come on baby, we finna go to my little hotel and shit
Ha ha, to see if you can fade me, feel me?
Hey, don't trip of the 'B' word
That's just how motherfuckers talk on my block
Ha ha, What's up though boo? where you want to go?
No we can go get a little drama and shit
Don P., Crystal, Fat ass steak, some lobster and shit
Go back to the telly
Bump some of that Dramacydal Outlaw Immortal shit
That's the type of shit that get me in the mood, you know what I mean?
Ha ha, come and tell you now and uhh
And after a few glasses of this Thug Passion baby
Huh, it's goin' be like Adam and Eve, feel me?
Everything stops, puff puff, and you don't stop
So tell me baby boo, can you fade us?
Hey one love to that nigga D'Angelo
Nigga, this beat's bad than a motherfucker
You know, ain't no disrespect big player
But a motherfucker loves this beat so much
Huh, we have this bitch too, so uhh
We're sendin' this one out to you
OUTLAW!! WEST SIDE!! DEATH ROW!! THUG LIFE!!
OUTLAW!! WEST SIDE!! DEATH ROW!! THUG LIFE!!
OUTLAW!! WEST SIDE!! DEATH ROW!! THUG LIFE!!
Baby, can you fade me?
WEST SIDE!! THUG LIFE!! WEST SIDE!! THUG LIFE!!
WEST SIDE!! THUG LIFE!! WEST SIDE!! THUG LIFE!!
WEST SIDE!! THUG LIFE!! OUTLAW!!