[Intro: 2Pac]
Yo Ryan man (yo what's up cuz)
I just sorted block girls (what's up)
I'm tryna talk to her but, we ain't even explain what happened (straight up man)
It was funk, she was fine (she was fine) (she was takin' over dude, what you think)
She was fine some of us scream for magazine (just shit up)
(I wanna know what's up with that)
Check this out man (what's up)

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Trapped like a prisoner, fantasize of kissin' her
Treat you like a queen but other guys is dissin' ya
Thinkin' of ya nightly thigh so hold you tightly
Visualizin' figure, damn that excites me
I wonder if you know how much I think of you
If I can throw you water, then I sink in you
It's for eternity, this feelings are burnin' me
It's like a fire, this desire yearns to be pullin' me
Closer, until your chest is close to mine
Feelin' you heart beat, our arms are intertwined
Wantin' to kiss you, the passion raisin'
But don't wanna rush you, so I'm still waitin'
What if we were lovers, what a night that be
Cause we be raidin' undercover like the savage beast
Close my eyes and visualize, it's you I feel
Then wake up and realize, it was not real
It was just my heart, playin' tricks on me
Its tryna to make my fantasy a reality
Cause just thinkin' about ya baby, makes you want ya more
These feelings make me crazy but I can't ignore
What you mean to me, you're a dream to me
No matter how realistic it seems to be
Gotta get a grip on myself, because I'm dissin' myself
I wake up, I realize that I be kissin' myself
I just have to find this girl in my fantasy
And hope that someone in this world is who meant for me
But if I find her, will I have the nerve to speak?
Or will me ego overrob makin' my heart to greed?
I gotta do it, I gotta tell her how I feel
It's the only chance to make my fantasy turn real
Now my heart beats fast, I sweat feat on my thumb
Gotta get myself together cause here she come
I said: hi, she was fly, get lost in her eyes
Tried to speak another word but my tongue was tied
Damn, I can't explain it, the state I'm in
Every time I try to speak, I stutter again
Feel like I'm ready to cry, embarrassed outof  my mind
She smiles and gives me her number and says call her sometime
But she walks away, almost as quick as she came
And it hit me, I never even knew her name
So when I turned around, I felt my heart broke
She was gone, so was the number she wrote

[Hook: Ryan D]
It was a fantasy
Nothin' but a fantasy
I fell in love with a fantasy

[Interlude: Ryan D]
Straight man (word man I feel you)
Oh cuh (well do it your way man)
But check this out man I just coming from the crib man, oh man
She's [?] I can't believe this man (what's up what)
Let me tell you [?] is sayin'
(break it down to be do, what's up)
Check this out

[Verse 2: Ryan D.]
I woke up this Thursday mornin' in a terriful mood
Went straight to the kitchen cause I needed some food
Step inside, the kitchen door had tell me what I would see
A giant stackin' dirty dishes are waitin' for me
I didn't really wanna do it so I accepted the facts
Spill out all my funky tequila swisher and my feline hat
Sat in my yard, then I noticed it was nice outside
Tell my [partner, "Hmm, I think I'll go for a ride"
Rollin' down the avenue chillin' my way
With the incredible sound (of who?) Marvin Gaye
I see my homie on the corner, "What's up, Terry T?"
"Yo check this out," is what he said to me
Told me that he knew a lady that I needed to meet
Super fine like wine and she couldn't be beat
I said, "Okay," he said: "Come on in," then we went to her house
But when she opened the door, I couldn't open my mouth
I mean damn there she was, right in front of my face
And here I am cold fuzzin' like I'm in disgrace
She had a beautiful smile, eyes greener than grass
And god damn, homeboy you shoulda see that well
I don't wanna get explicit, but you know what I mean
The type of girl that don't recover of a magazine
She said her name is Limay, I didn't know what to say
Except my name is Ryan D. and it's beautiful day
We went outside and had a drink, conversated a bit
Terry said we had to leave, but then she told me to sit
She said: "Terry, you can go, but Ryan's stayin' awhile"
When she said this to my homie I just started to smile
She says she wanted to talk, so she can know me some more
I said, "Cool"
Terry left and then she locked door
Now I'm a cool type of fellow, really mellow with her
And when she came and step beside me I had sweat in my palms
I mean she was so fine, I can't explain to my brothers
Finer than the dilla Ice T's album cover
I said, "Well, here we are. What we can do now?"
She looked me deep in my eyes and broke it all down
She said, "Ryan D., as hard as this may seem, I wanna make love to you, you're the man of my dreams"
She said she saw me before, and then she knew that day
She had to get me, had to have me somehow, some way
I said, "Baby, don't you worry, cause I think I'm in love. You're the angel of my life, sent from heaven above"
Without a moment's hesitation, we were deep in the groove
Bodies tight and touched together as we started to move
Only with persistent movements, I removed her clothes
She was heavy as the kiss she began to moan
First she start, twist me back I really don't know how
She put her arms around my neck and said, "I want you now"
She was already hot, I had began to sweat
I knew that this would be a moment I would never forget
She told me lay on my back so she can get on the top
She said, "Make it last, please, and just don't stop"
I had my eyes closed now that she felt so soft
But when I open my eyes, my alarm went off
I got up, rubbed my eyes
"What's goin' on?" I said
It was then I realized that I was home in my bed
I said, "Damn," to myself, as hard as it may seem
Imagination had to go but it was only a dream

[Hook: 2Pac & Ryan D.]
It was a fantasy
Nothin' but a fantasy
I fell in love with a fantasy

[Outro/Interlude: 2Pac & Ryan D.]
Damn, man. That's hard, man
Man, it was bugged out
Ain't that weird, though? We both felt like that?
Man, it was sort of a trip, man
I can never tell a homeboy this, man. Yo, keep this between me and you, man. Nobody ever gonna believe nothin' like this. Alright man, I'm straight goin' to school man
Just remember that shit, man
Word
I don't know what to tell you, man
Yo, see you later on, dude
Alright. Know what it was, though?
Peace man. Yo, what?

[Hook: 2Pac & Ryan D.]
It was a fantasy
Nothin' but a fantasy
We fell in love with a fantasy
We fell in love with a fantasy
We fell in love with a fantasy