[Interview]

2Pac: I got Big Syke from Thug Life, the solo project. We got "How Do You Want It" with Ron Hightower doing the directing with me and we got all porno stars. We got all people from the Bay. I got Nina Hartley from the Bay and all the big time people. We just did the video for "Amerikka's Most Wanted" which is the classic diss video. We got 'Piggy' and 'Buffy'. And "How Do You want It" is just the dirtiest nastiest video I've ever done. I got a playboy version and a regular version. We got nudity. It's the most amazing video you'll ever see. We're doing videos fro "All Eyes On Me," "I Ain't Mad At Ya," "All About You." The record company got all the money in the world so we're just gonna put it out. When things get real slow, we'll release a home video with "Ambitions As A Rider," and a couple of the hardcore songs.

Sway: That's my favorite one. That's the one I listen to over- Track number one on the first disc. That's my...

2Pac: I just did a remix to "What's Your Phone Number" with all new lyrics. We took that MC Lyte beat from her new song she has out, "Keep On Movin' Up." It's so freaky you won't believe it. I got a whole new album out, waiting for the sound track. It's clean. All positive. All in the vein of songs like 'Keep Your Head Up'. and "Brenda's Got A Baby" It's that type of stuff. I just put out a hardcore double album, and next I'm gonna put out an introspective album. It'll be like a "Me Against The World Pt. 2." That's what I think my fans are looking for. I'm gonna show that I appreciate your support.

Sway: Ayy yo Pac, you gave a lot of love back to some Bay Area artists like E-40, 4Tay, you know, Dru Down and the whole crew. Talk about what made you decide to work with them.

2Pac: Because I can't always be in the Bay. I know how the Bay is. The Bay is the type of place where if you ain't there they're gonna talk about you. I wanted them to know that I love you, I feel you and I'm gonna represent for you. I know I gotta a certain amount of acclaim so I bring the Bay with me. I know E-40 is what I was when I was with Digital Underground. He is the Bay right now. Him and 4Tay. So I get them on my album to represent the Bay. It shows we still have love and we're still all good. By us being representatives we bring the Bay where ever we go. Rappin' 4Tay has always been raw to me and I like his style. When I was in jail I used to always listen to stuff so when I got out we clicked and did the song. Now he's in jail and I gotta do what he did for me. When I was in jail he used to send out shout outs and show support, so now I support 4Tay. Everybody pray for him and send letters. I hope the brother gets out of jail as soon as possible. Rappin' 4Tay was released in July '96. You know, it's a struggle for every young Black man. You know how it is. Only God can judge us.

Sway: Alright, let's end it now. Yo, we been sitting here talking with 2Pac, and you know, like I said in the beginning of our conversation, I want to commend you on all your accomplishments and not only that. The fact that you've had all these obstacles and demons that you had to deal with, but for some reason, you know, you've been blessed enough to prevail. No matter what y'all believe or what you hear from the media, this brother got his head together and I have no doubt in my mind that he's always gonna come out on top. And I appreciate you letting us come down here brother.

2Pac: I appreciate y'all givin' me the opportunity to clear all that stuff up, and I'ma always represent for y'all. I'm always gonna give you the opportunity to ask me whatever questions you want to ask me whatever way you want to ask without me trippin'. And on the same note, I want y'all always just- I give you the story now, it's up to you. Because you are our reporters. It's up to you to give it without putting me in jail with what I told you, you know what I mean. Without giving out the facts, it's up to you to let the people know what's really poppin'. What's really goin' on.

Sway: So what we gonna do, we gonna play it back the way we recorded, the way you said it, you know? So it'll be Tupac words, alright? Alright, thanks again man. Tupac Shakur, alright?

2Pac: Everybody's taking their papers man.

(Man, man, man...)