[Verse 1: 2Pac]
And uh, I started out dumb, sprung of a hood rat
Listening to the radio, wishing that I could rap
But nothing changed, I was stuck in the game
'Cause everybody in the industry was fucking me, man
Listen; I've got a scheme, break away, do my own thing
Drop some conversation, sit back and let the phone ring
Niggas ain't wanna see me rise
97 watch me cut these motherfuckers down to size
And if I catch another case, Lord knows how they hate me
Got a player in the court room, please don't let 'em frame me
I've been dealt a lot of bad cards living as a thug
Count my blessings and throw my stressings in this land with no love
Maybe they see me rolling, look at all this green I'm holding
I get this why they envious and get their eyes swollen
Hoping the heavenly father love a hustler
Meet the hardest nigga on the Earth to ever bust a nut
My homies tell me, "Have a heart" — fuck their feelings
I've been trying to make a million since we started, we cold hearted
Niggas in masks that'll blast at the task force
Empty out my clip, time to mash, they asked for it
Me, Makaveli, I'm a motherfucker
We break bread, now we thug brothers
Niggas talk a lot of non-shit I choose to ignore it
A war they ain't ready for it

[Chorus]
Now what'cha gonna do, when my niggas come for you
Now what'cha gonna do, when my niggas come for you
Tell me now what'cha gonna do, When my niggas
Come for you?
Now what'cha gonna do, when my niggas come for you

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Watch me clown, give me loving when I'm high
I'm an outlaw baby, I'll be thugging 'til I die
In my drop-top double-R, life as a rap star
Hustle like a crack fiend 'til they catch me
Go ask somebody to your show
Watch them niggas out the sight of my night scope
Cooking white dope got my nigga 25-to-life stretched out
Trying to have all the better things in life
Well Makaveli — a born leader, 10 millimeter
Change a nigga's future like a schizophrenic palm reader
Heed, from out the bible I read
See the meek shall inherit the Earth
And the strong will lead
Hittin' weed like it's alright
I'm in the studio making music all night
My enemies cry whenever I rise, they hated 'til the death
Trying to beat me out my last breath
Whatcha gonna do?

[Chorus]
Now what'cha gonna do?, when my niggas come for you
Tell me now what'cha gonna do, When my niggas
Come for you?
Tell me now what'cha gonna do?, When my niggas
Come for you?
What'cha gonna do, When my niggas come for you?

[Verse 3: Storm]
Who's to blame for my mind frames?
This poverty does money game
Got me fiendin' for riches wantin' to kill for a taste of fame
Recurrin' dreams of illest ears, front page magazines
Livin' life like a thug queen
But instead, I'm having nightmares
They call 'em Outlaw premonitions of premeditated missions
Livin' conditions suspicious, so they got me on they hit-list
Wishin' that I was slip like a wet bitch
But it's the timin' nigga
And I've been waiting for years, I put my grind in nigga
I see you smoking, 'cause I got what you wanna flaunt
My every calculated move is a nail through your coffin
Now what you don't know is I got 16 point holler
Thugged out female war shot-caller
Now what you gonna do?
Where's yo buster ass crew?
When my niggas come for you
(When we come for ya)

[Chorus]
Now whatcha gonna do when my niggas come for you?
Now, nigga now, now whatcha gonna do when my niggas come for you?
Now whatcha gonna do when my niggas come for you
(Throw your hands up), now whatcha gonna do when my niggas come for you
(Whatchu running fo'), now whatcha gonna do when my niggas come for you?
(Busted), Now whatcha gonna do when my niggas for you?
(when we come for ya)
Now whatcha gonna do when my niggas for you
Hahaha
(When they come for you)
(When they come for you )
Shhh
When they come for you