[Intro: 2Pac]
How long will they mourn me?
Yeah! This for my nigga Kato, it's still on nigga - believe that
We live a Thug Life, Thugs for Life, ha ha
(How long will they mourn me?) We handle this shit for you bwoy
Yeah nigga.. 2Pac in this motherfucker

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
All my homies drinkin' liquor, tears in everybody's eyes
Niggas cried, to mourn a homie's homicide
But I can't cry, instead I'm just a shoulder
Damn, why they take another soldier?
I load my clip before my eyes blurry, don't worry
I'll get them suckers back before you're buried (shit)
Retaliate and pull a one-eight-seven
Do real niggas get to go to heaven?
How long will they mourn me? Bury me a motherfuckin' G
Bitch don't wanna die; then, don't fuck with me
It's kinda hard to be optimistic
When your homie's lyin' dead on the pavement twisted
Y'all don't hear me doe, I'm tryin' hard to make amends
But I'm losin' all my motherfuckin' friends, damn!
They should've shot me when I was born
Now I'm trapped in the motherfuckin' storm
How long will they mourn me?

[Hook: Nate Dogg]
I wish it would have been another
(How long will they mourn me?)
How long will they mourn my brother?
(Half them niggas are dead and shit)
How long will they mourn me?
I wish it would have been another
(Dedicated this to Kato nigga, and e'ry thug)
How long will they mourn me?
How long will they mourn my brother?
(Yo nigga, we gotta keep this shit goin' on, yo Syke)

[Verse 2: Big Syke]
How long will they mourn me? Every muthafuckin' day homie
You stayed down when tha other niggas didn't know me
From my heart to the trigga you my fuckin' nigga
And things won't be the same without ya nigga
I remember kickin' back, you wanted to lack
And goin' half on a muthafuckin' hundred sack
Smokin' blunt after blunt and steady drinkin'
Hung around so much, you knew what I was thinkin'
Tell me Lord, why you take big Kato?
So confused not knowing which way to go
I'm goin crazy and runnin' out of fuckin' time
I can't take it, I'm losin' my fuckin' mind
So day after day, ride after ride
We'll hook up on the other side
Watch over your family and your newborn
'Til we meet again homie
How long will they mourn me?

[Verse 3: 2Pac]*(Extra Verse)
So many, buried peers throughout the years
While pouring out liquor and beers
For all my homies that wasn't here
Can't help but shedding tears at the cemetery
Makin' me wonder if this loaded pistols necessary
Even the preacher could see the pain in my mother's eyes
While walkin' by, can't help but sympathize when brothers die
Maybe the pain will make the situation change
No murder for murder, but homicide will never end, this crooked game
Bullets is blasted, time pass, brothers in masks
Retaliation is the aftermath
All that remains is a corpse wrapped in plastic
Call up his momma tell her; her babies in a casket
No love for 'em
Just put his body in the grave
Even the pistols and all the prayers couldn't save 'em
Look how they played 'em
They should have murdered me when I was born
'Cause I'm trapped in the violence of the storm
How long will they mourn me?

[Hook: Nate Dogg, Big Syke & 2Pac]
I wish it would have been another
(Big Kato)
How long will they mourn me?
(it's still on nigga)
How long will they mourn my brother?
How long will they mourn me?
I wish it would have been another
(Yeah)
(How long will they mourn me?)
How long will they mourn my brother?
(Rated R (Double Jeopardy), Mac 10)

[Verse 4: Rated R (Double Jeopardy)]
Damn a nigga tired of feeling sad
I'm tired of putting in work
I'm tired of cryin' while watching my homies leave the earth
I know soon one day I'll be in the dirt
And my peoples'll be mournin'
When they get a call from the coroner
All niggas can say is that's fucked up
And get tossed up
Reminiscing how we grew up (my nigga)
Rest and love to my nigga Kato
See you in the crossroads real soon
For now let me pour out some brew
I'll be always thinkin' of ya homie
Rest in peace
How long will they mourn me?

[Verse 5: Macadoshis (Mac 10)]
Ya know life's a fuckin' trip, and everybody gotta go
But why the fuck it have to be my nigga Kato
Another nigga fell victim to the chrome
It's enough to make you crazy, it's fuckin' with my dome
Ya only live once on this earth
A nigga had it bad, since the day of my mutahfuckin' birth
But niggas say they down and they always be my homie
But when a nigga gone
How long will ya mourn me? (How Long will they mourn me?)

[Hook: Nate Dogg & 2Pac]
I wish it would have been another
(yeah, Mac 10 in this motherfucker)
(yeah, how long will they mourn me?)
How long will they mourn my brother? (Thug Life boy)
(Nate, blowin' that shit)
(Nate Dogg do that shit nigga)
I wish it would have been another
(yeah, how long will they mourn me?)
How long will they mourn my brother?
(this is for my nigga Kato and all his kids)
(How long will they mourn me?)
I wish it would have been another