[Verse 1: Eazy-E]
Aw yeah, let's take a trip
Just sit back and light a spliff with this and don't slip
On a funky-dope track, jump back
Strapped with a fat buddha sack and a 7-8 'lac
Come clean, gangsta lean, I got green
Bud, I serve dubs like it ain't no thing
I hang with OG playas, don't set trip
Or you might get what we call a rat pack
I don't slack when it come to street
I kick real G-funk to a gangsta beat
It's so sweet, when you got money to spend
I got a proper big tilt and a fly-big Benz
I make ends, spend my dough on no foe
That's how it is, and that's how it goes
Act like you know when I creep real slow
Givin' love to them players that I know is real G's

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Now ever since a nigga was a seed
Only thing promised to me was the penitentiary
Still ballin', ridin' on these niggas ‘cause they lame
In a '61 Chevy, still heavy in this game
Can you feel me? Blame it on my mama, I'm a thug nigga
Up before the sunrise, quicker than the drug dealers
Tell me if it's on, nigga, then we first to bomb, bust
On these bitch-made niggas, hit 'em up!
Westside! Ain't nobody loved me as a broke nigga
Finger on the trigger, Lord, forgive me if I smoke niggas
I love my females strapped, no fuckin' from the back
I get my currency in stacks, California's where I'm at
Ridin', passed by while these niggas wondered why
I got shot but didn't die, let 'em see who's next to try
Did I cry? Hell nah, nigga, tears shed
For all my homies in the pen, many peers dead
Niggas still ballin'

[Hook: 50 Cent]
This is how we do
We make a move and act a fool while we up in the club
This is how we do
Nobody do it like we do it, so show us some love
This is how we do
We make a move and act a fool while we up in the club
This is how we do
Nobody do it like we do it, so show us some love

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Now everybody wanna see us dead
Two murdered on the front page
Shot to death, bullets to the head
Niggas holler out my name and it's similar to rape
Mothafuckas know I'm comin'
So they runnin' to they graves
Watch! Swoop down with my nigga from the Pound
(Eazy) don't give a fuck
Where you coward niggas now?
Blast, keep pumpin', ain't worried about nothin'
Busters thought we was frontin'
So reload and keep dumpin'

[Verse 4: Eazy-E]
Dump on fools with a quickness
And they got no cure for the sickness
I get paid for the way that I kick this
Like a G-ster, an OG-ster (who's that?)
A real player named Eazy
And I live my life straight crazy
Don't need no punk fools payin' me
And broke groupies and hootchies don't faze me
I take two steps back and release myself
To put platinum and gold on the record shelf
I don't brag, but I tell it like it straight-up is
Before you do a record, partner, handle your business
And don't get caught slippin' on the under
Or you might wonder, (What's up with them ends, G?)
I call a spade a spade and get paid
G's show the way, so I give love to 'em

[Verse 5: Game]
I put gold Daytonas on that Cherry Six-Four
White walls so clean it's like I'm ridin' on bulbs
Hit one switch, man, that ass so low
Cali got niggas in New York ridin' on hundred spokes
Touch me, tease me, kiss me, please me
I give it to you just how you like it, girl
You know I'm rockin' with the best
Four pound on my hip, gold chain on my chest (Ah!)

[Verse 6: 50 Cent]
Fifty, uh, Bentley, uh
Em came and got a nigga fresh out the slum
Automatic gun, fuck 'em one-on-one
We wrap up your punk-ass, stunt and you done
Homie, it's Game time

[Verse 7: The Game]
You ready? Here I come
Call Lloyd Banks and get this mothafucker crunk
It took two months, but Fifty got it done
Signed with G-Unit, had niggas like "huh?"
Don't try to front, I'll leave your ass slumped
Thinkin' I'm a punk
Get your fucking head lumped, Fifty got a gun

[Verse 8: 50 Cent]
Ready? Here he come
Got a sick vendetta, to get this cheddar
Meet my Beretta, the drama setter
Sip Amaretta, my flow sounds better
Than average, on tracks I'm a savage, I damage
Any nigga tryin' to front on my clique (G-Unit!)