Interlude :
JayZ come out & play
Ayo Assassin give me one of them tracks
So i can ride on them motherfuckers
Mobb Deep , motherfuckers talking about
We can't rap

Verse01 :
I'm gettin' suspicious of this bitch
The line's busy everytime I call her
Now she's tellin' me to visit, who else is home?
I check the house before I bone, so we all alone
After I nut I hit the highway -- see ya later!
To all the players, watch the fly way a nigga played her
The bitch is tellin' all her homies
That I can fuck her like no other
Now them other bitches wanna bone me
I'm under pressure, gettin' drunk, somebody help me
I drink a fifth of Hennessy, I don't think it's healthy
I see my enemies, they creepin', don't make me blast
I watch the 5-0's roll, the motherfuckers pass
By me like they know me, smilin' as they laugh
I put up my middle finger, then I dash
Niggas don't like me, ‘cause I'm thuggin'
And every day I'm a hustler lookin' to get paid

Chorus :
Niggas don't like me, ‘cause I'm thuggin'
Ayo
Are you afraid to die, or do you wanna live forever?
Tell me, which one?
Niggas don't like me, ‘cause I'm thuggin'
Ayo
Are you afraid to die, or do you wanna live forever?
Tell me, which one?
Niggas don't like me, ‘cause I'm thuggin'
Ayo
Ayo
Ayo

Verse02 :
Fallin' to pieces, am I guilty? I pray to the Lord
But he ignores me, unfortunately, ‘cause I'm guilty
Show me a miracle, I'm hopeless
I'm chokin' off marijuana smoke
With every toke it's like I'm losin' focus
Fallin' to sleep while I'm at service, when will I die?
Forever paranoid and nervous, because I'm high
Don't mention funerals, I'm stressin' and goin' nutty
And reminiscin' 'bout them niggas that murdered my buddy
I wonder: When will I be happy? Ain't nothin' funny
Flashbacks of bustin' caps, anything for money
Where am I goin'? I discovered, can't nothin' save me
My next door neighbor's havin' convo with undercovers
Put a surprise in the mailbox, hope she get it
Happy birthday, bitch, you know you shouldn't have did it
Everybody's dyin', am I next? Who can I trust?
Will they be G's, and they look at me before they bust?