[Intro: devil]
Pssst... psssssst... heyyoo...
Are you afraid to die, or do you wanna live forever
Tell me, which one ?

[1st verse: 2pac]
They wanna bury me, I'm worried -- I'm losin my mind
Look down the barrel of my nine and my vision's blurry
Fallin to pieces, am I guilty?
I pray to the Lord but he ignores me unfortunately cuz I'm guilty
Show me a miracle I'm hopeless -- I'm chokin off marijuana smoke
With every toke its like I'm losin focus
Fallin to sleep while I'm at service, when will I die?
Forever paranoid and nervous because I'm high
Don't mention funerals I'm stressin, and goin nutty
And reminiscin bout them niggas that murdered my buddy...

[Chorus: 2pac]
The motherfuckers pass
By me like they know me, smilin as they laugh
I put up my middle finger then I dash
Niggas don't like me cuz I'm thuggin' and everyday I'm a hustler...
Lookin to get paid

[2nd verse: 2pac]
I wonder when will I be happy, ain't nothin funny
Flashbacks of bustin caps, anythin for money
Where am I goin I discovered, can't nothin save me
My next door neighbor's havin convo with undercovers
Put a surprise in the mailbox, hope she get it
Happy birthday bitch, you know you shouldn'ta did it
Everydoy's dyin am I next -- who can I trust?
Will they be G's, and they look at me before they bust?
Or will they killin me while I'm sleepin, two to the head
While I'm in bed, leakin blood on my satin sheets
Is there a heaven for a baller? I'm gettin suspicious
Of this bitch the line busy everytime I call her
Now she's tellin me to visit, who else is home?
I check the house before I bone, so we all alone
After I nut I hit the highway -- see ya later
To all the players watch the fly way a nigga played her

[Chorus]

[3rd verse: 2pac]
The bitch tellin all her homies -- that I can fuck her like no other
Now them other bitches wanna bone me
I'm under pressure gettin drunk, somebody help me
I drink a fifth a Hennesey I don't think it's healty
I see my enemies they creepin, don't make me blast
I watch the five-oh's roll, the motherfukers pass
They wanna bury me, I'm worried -- no need to lie
I pray to God I don't scream when it's time to fry
Nowhere to rest I'm loosin homies, ain't that a bitch
When I was rich I had clout, now a nigga's lonely
I put the pistol to my head -- and say a prayer...
I see visions of me dead, Lord are you there?

[Chorus]

[4th verse: 2pac]
Then tell me am I lost cuz I'm lonely
I thought I had friends but in the end a nigga dies lonely
Nowhere to run I'm in terror -- and on one cares
A closed casket at my funeral and on one's there
Is there a future for a killer? I change my ways
But still that don't promise me the next day
So I stay thuggin with a passion, forever blastin
I'm bustin on these motherfuckers in my madness
They wonder if I'm hellbound... well hell can't be worse than this cuz I'm in hell now
Don't make me hurt you I don't want to -- but I will
Seen motherfuckers killed over phone bills
Never will I die I'll be back
Reincarnated as a motherfuckin mack
I love it cause in Heaven there's no shortage on G's
I'm tellin you now, you motherfuckers don't know me... you don't know me

[Chorus]

Hustlerrrrr