[Intro: Makaveli (2pac)]
Shit... fuck peace!
On the strength 'til my niggas get a piece, we can't have peace
How the fuck we gon' live happy when we ain't got nuttin?
You muh'fuckers are smilin but I'm mean muggin
Why, cause I GOTTA be thuggin
It seems drugs done turned this whole motherfuckin hood out
All us niggas actin up, wild-ass motherfuckin adolescents
These niggas ain't even got no childhoods no more
How the fuck can you have a childhood
And you at the funeral every muh'fuckin weekend?
Pssh, and you muh'fuckers talkin about peace
Nigga, it ain't no motherfuckin peace
You ain't seen the news motherfucker? You ain't heard?
Muh'fuckers gettin abused
Peace? Nigga is you out your fuckin mind?
Fuck peace! We can't never have peace
'Til you motherfuckers clean up this mess you made

[Verse 1: Marley Brooker]
Fuck em and what they talmbout
I don't believe what they say
They be lying thru they teeth
Till they caught lying on tape
So it's fuck them each and every day
I don't know how many other ways I can say
Fuck the police and the system wit a full clip
Tired of all them dead bodies
I ain't buying no more of they bullshit
Too much Freddy Gray too many Mike Brown's
So fuck what u say I won't pipe down
Funna raise trouble funna raise hell
Got a go-fund-me case I need raise bail
Got a bad bitch nigga stay swell
Screamed fck da feds & got hate mail
But they hate black males or just me?
Naw I don't think so
Wit no justice can it be peace!?
Naw I don't think so
So I'm ridin round wit my piece on me
Cuz that's what it done came 2
Got protests in the streets all cross the country
Shit... u can blame blue

[Hook: Marley Brooker]
They ask why I got a problem w police?
I ask why police keep killing in the streets?
I swear they out for blood so fuck the police
Got family in law enforcement
But it's still fuck the police

[Verse 2: Marley Brooker]
Ima law abiding citizen
But I don't care much for the law
If I catch Darren Wilson
Shit I prolly break his jaw
Shoutout that dude that let off
On George Zimmerman from his car
If it was me I wouldn't missed
And it wouldn't have mattered how far
Cuz I got sick aim I do sick thangs
Jordan esq I got 6 rings
I got the .223 and the .45 on me
Fuck whatchu heard that bitch bang
So I wish u niggas would play me
I got something 4 ya come play wit me
Got a 100 tracks plus a 100 tracks
Put away jus incase they get me
But I won't let em, I won't let up
See a bad bitch I'm gon get her
Sign her to a contract
I don't care about her pussy
Tryin to stack a 100 M's up
Then flip that into a Billy
Don't know how many different ways
I gotta say this till u feel me
Fuck the police

[Hook: Marley Brooker]
They ask why I got a problem w police?
I ask why police keep killing in the streets?
I swear they out for blood so fuck the police
Got family in law enforcement
But it's still fuck the police

[Outro: Makaveli (2pac)]
Nigga is you out your fuckin mind?
Fuck peace! We can't never have peace
'Til you motherfuckers clean up this mess you made
'Til you fuckin clean up the dirt you dropped
'Til we get a piece, fuck peace!