[Intro]
Yes lord, yes lord
Death Row said so
All hail, all hail
Outlawz
Let's get ready to rumble
Let's get ready to rumble
HAHAHAHA
Yeah!
Throw ya hands up!
Throw ya hands up!
Throw ya hands up!
In this corner
The ghetto gladiator
Iron Mike Tyson
Never been defeated
Can't keep a good man down!
And in this corner riding with him
Ha Ha

[Verse 1]
All they see is black venom, then my silhouette
Just watch the fear reappear in they eyes when I hit the set
Oh no, 2Pac wit' team Tyson, Seldon was seldom seen
Iron Mike cut his head like a guillotine
Time for some action, you're makin' me high, like Toni Braxton
Bustas switching like Dennis Rodman, we still mashin'
I put my hand up to God, life is hard, filled with stress
Throwing blows in this square, circle to see who's best
Mike don't hurt 'em! What they scream, wait! What they mean?
Tyson put in work, his head touched the whole Colosseum
Better act up when I see him, we loud in the front row
Hype up the crowd if you don't like it, what you come for?
All hail, to fortified to fail
The Bed-Stuy ass kicker, split the water like a sharks tail
Still strugglin', may god help me bubble
Hit the ring, do my thing, all opposed feel trouble
Get it on!

[Hook]
Let's get ready to rumble
Haha, let's do this (yea)
Let's get ready to rumble (you know)
Let's get it on
Throw ya hands up, throw ya hands up
Where they at? Where they at?

[Verse 2]
Round 2
Right, left then left, right I seen him stutter WHAT?
He didn't duck and got stuck wit' yo' uppercut!
Now hear the crowd screaming, It's like they fiendin'
Oh, don't you love how that black man swing?
We keep it real, tell Holyfield, he next in line
So get his heart problem checked 'fore he steps to mine
And Seldon, I hardly know ya, don't bother me to show ya
Let ya head get gassed by that fast promoter
Be real forever, so feel my leather in combinations
Connecting like dot to dot in steady formations
Swift and deadly, 'cause this be deathly
I'm a soldier, it's too late now, I tried to told ya
Get it on!

[Ad-libs + Hook]
Let's get ready to rumble
YES! YES! (huhu)
Let's get it on
Aight this ain't goin' last long, y'all know how Tyson do it
So what, we gon' wipe beat this boy silly (hehhe)
And then we go all, go party at 66 deuce mob style
So Tyson do ya thang boy... do ya thang
Let's get it on now (so whatcha want?)
Yes, let's get it on (whatcha want, now?)
Let's get ready to rumble!! (whatcha want?)
Let's get it on now (UH, whatcha want, now?)
Yes, let's get it on (so whatcha want?)
Yes, let's get it on (so whatcha want, now?)
Let's get ready to rumble!!! (whatcha want, now?)
Where ya at? Where ya at? Where ya at, now?
Where ya at? Where ya at? Where ya at, now?
Where ya at? Where ya at? Where ya at, now?
Hey Holyfield, you next! HA
Where ya at? Where ya at? Where ya at, now?
Where ya at? Where ya at? Where ya at, now?
Where ya at? Where ya at? Where ya at, now? (YO!)
Hey Holyfield, (HEY HEY) you next!
HAHA
Where ya at?
Yeah, Iron Mike Tyson, team Tyson of theme song haha
By the thug you loved 'day
2Pacalypse now, Makaveli The Don
Outlawz, Death Row, Westside 'til we die
It don't stop hahaha
It's going down nigga