[Opening: Just Blaze]
Welcome to the house of pain, Just Blaze niggas

[Intro: Mary J. Blige]
There's no way out, it seems I can't get free
Somebody tell me what's happening to me

[Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G.]
The country bud got me chokin'
I'm on a mission to the point that motherfuckers think I'm smokin'
Yea that sick nigga Biggie wit the 8-shot fifth
Wit the extra clip for that extra shit
Don't you know that a killing is thrilling
All the blood spilling, is all a part of drug dealing
A born gangsta my daddy was a thug
Had a .38 wit the hollow point slug
So when he lit shots
Niggas dropped, quicker than a bootlegger sells his liquor
A little nigga tried to squeeze .22's in my Reebok shoes
Payin' dues, while kids was on their one's and two's
Now I'm much older, colder, fuck a holster
Got the Mac 11 swingin' from my shoulder
It's a damn shame I got to put my momma through the strain
I'm livin' in a house of pain

[Hook: Mary J. Blige]
Is anybody listenin' and tell me can you can see this darkness surrounding me
Now it's gettin' colder heavy on my shoulder and it's gettin' hard to breathe
Visions gettin' blurry, I'm gettin' worried cause it's gettin' hard to see
When your livin' in the house of pain

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
The motherfuckin' dust kicker, who can you trust?
Do you have the heart to see a nigga
Before you bust? My name is spoken on the tongues of so many foes
Bustin' motherfuckers out the blocks and I ain't even go
Now how the hell do you explain my claim to fame?
From doin' flicks to bustin' tricks out the fuckin' frame
Got these bitches on my jock, niggas on my block
Jealous ass suckers got em duckin' from my smokin' Glock
And bustin' niggas asses is to stay alive
Skinny ass playa watchin' bigger motherfuckers fry
They ask me how I'm livin', I'm a hustler
Buckin' busters 'til they die
Now it's on in the ghetto you ain't heard?
Niggas got they AK's headin' for the burbs
Aimin' at them skin headed bitches let it rain
Givin' 'em a wet, welcome to the house of pain

[Hook]

[Z-Mane Talking]
I don't know how long I can deal with this
Big, Pac!
Yeah....

[Verse 3: Z-Mane]
My mama always use to tell me I should say what I feel
And never sell out to the biz, I ain't got time to kill
So I'm always making moves, always on to the next
Hip-Hop is a test, if I don't pass, I got nothing left
Nowadays, niggas claimin that they straight out the hood
Some of 'em real about it, most of 'em is just some little goodie goods
Who should demolish 'em? The nigga in the blue hoodie should
Straight outta Davis all the way to P.V. and Wynnewood
These niggas talk alot, but when they see me, they scary
These hoes wanna smash and marry, this pain is too much for a young nigga to carry
Still flying that blue flag, but I ain't bangin'
97 lost a small soldier, and now it's steady rainin'
Guess that's how it is, but, nigga, we just kids
Thinkin' that we gotta do everything our pops did
Pac, I still got my head up, Big, I'm still spittin' game
Yeah, my life is good, but I'm still in the house of pain

[Hook]