[verse 1]
Got out last night
Feels like the devil wanna fight
This what we call real life? Where's the American dream thing
Must be a real g thing
Haters running from me but they try to ruin everything
I'm sitting back like "damn"
Getting ah head like I'm the man
Judge trying to ruin my plans
Laughing like you'd know Id go HAM
I mean Even the po be asking me things where they seen my face on they tv screen
Do You act , do u sing, which magazine?
I told em' rapping, expressing music
Its destined
All these sentences and lessons have got me stressing
Just need a pen and paper to release this aggression
Unleash me from  detention
Before I murder em' wit vengeance
I'm Making Hits on notes
Like 24/7
Undoubtedly no question I keep em' guessing
About my clever confessions
Like my past transgressions
And theres a few things I probably shouldn't mention
The Public defender More like the public pretender Just Trying to befriend ya
Out on bail
So how do I get ta Court
If I can't even leave my house until I clear my warrants
It's Do I do or do I die
So do I do or do I die
I'm Stuck Fighting for my rights
But take a look up in eyes
Will it be this penitentiary for the rest of my life?
They're waiting ..
"Hey, how's ya album sale
Pshh
Doubt u even know my bail
Peep my story while we sit in this cell, ah, never mind, Bitch I just made BAIL
I'm out on bail!
[Hook]
Dear lord  don't take me back to jail
I’m  Out on bail
Rather be in heaven then in this hell
Im out on bail
Please judge don't send me back to jail
Out on bail
Rather be in heaven then in this hell
Out on bail
[Verse 2]
I’m on the inside you're on the outside doing me dirty, Hearing you been doing me dirty. Creeping, cheating, doing me dirty
I mean isn't funny how u can trust some dummy believe all they lies they fantasies
They promises of sweet ecstasy
The second shit hits the fan . you find out whose ya fam
Should be posting my bail  I been waiting…
Soon as the cops come take me away, you do me shady. No one to trust now In here sufferin'  No man can lock me down, just wait till I'm out And it's way too loud, They're yelling things, And I can't sleep, I'm in my cell counting sheep. Wake up, bitches surrounding me
Ya know i'm so sexy, they tryna get at me
Feels like deja vu
This Ain't nothing new, questions and interviews
Like, “is it true, you pushed a cop then got your community labor written off? “
No, it was fem, FemineM
My alter ego she can be a little evil
She got me here this time, even her RAP sheet rhymes “So this fine
What'd she do?”
Do you think you could sing us a song or two?” She wrote a bad check, a few
Now I owe about a thousand to Ralphs But watch me get out
Bout to call my bail bonds Men now
And write a check that’ll probably bounce
Poof I'm out Like Abracadabra
I’ll do what I have ta
Not to go back ta
A place where some bastard ya wanna put in a casket
Tells ya when ta eat, When ta sleep, when ta shower Off so clean it squeaked but the story leaked
Dated a lawyer, so he repped me free Even brought flowers and knew an attorney that knew the judge, Figured I should give him a buzz Hired and fired him the same day. Tried to give me 90 days in the state
No thanks, back to the PD, but it was too late
The deal was changed, now we must incarcerate
Less surety's paid. So now I'm Back up in this 6 by 8  “Oh but wait
Miss Monroe, behold the gate roll it up
Your bails been made."
Great WOW, I'm FREE NOW
No man can lock me down
I'm out on bail