Intro
AK ready to shoot, ran out of indo am I...

Chorus (Inno Thakid)
AK ready to shoot, ran out of indo, am I paranoid tell me the truth
I'm out the window with my AK ready to shoot, Ran out of indo
Am I paranoid tell me the truth, I'm out the window with my AK ready to shoot, ran out of indo am I..

Verse 1 (Inno Thakid)
Paranoid who can you trust in the city of phony snitches
Crooked cops is ready to get us, so that's why I'm slipping the clip in
Suspicious of scandalous chickens that's trying to get up with us
Inflict their wicked intentions then stick a nigga in prison
Wait did I forget to mention that this is the West Side, World Wide
If you're rolling with the Lost, lets ride, All the rest hide!
We're coming and keeping it popping until we drop
I got an AK ready to pop, and its unlocked, loaded, and cocked
Maybe I'm smoking too much indo, but lately I'm feeling paranoid
I'm out the window and really ready to dead a boy
Can't trust myself and at night I'm hearing the devil's noise
So tell me Lord are you looking out for this ghetto boy?
Cuz it ain't safe, when they're smiling up in your face
Quick to run all up in your place, while they're eyeing what's in your safe
I'm a certified rebel boy, my hand on the metal boy
My foot on the pedal boy, because the devil's got your boy, hella...

Chorus
Paranoid, tell me the truth, I'm out the window with my AK ready to shoot!
Ran out of indo, am I paranoid tell me the truth
I'm out the window with my AK ready to shoot, Ran out of indo
Am I paranoid tell me the truth, I'm out the window with my AK ready to shoot, ran out of indo am I Paranoid, tell me the truth
I'm out the window with my AK ready to shoot
Ran out of indo, am I...

Verse 2
Paranoia got me feeling like killing a mental prison
Is where I'm living, and Satan is sitting up in my kitchen
I'm itching to end it man, the pistol is in my hand
I'm pulling the trigger and, the shit continues to jam!
Am I paranoid tell me the truth
I'm out the window with the AK ready to shoot
I'm in the limo with the gauge hanging out of the roof
My mama thought it was a phase from a page of my youth
But truth is I....
Feel like I'm Manson, my mansion is Barker's Ranch
And I'm standing next to a man that got some blood on his hands
Now that I lay me down to sleep I throw my kevlar vest on
In case the come to get me while I'm trying to get my rest on
Cuz they don't like me and some of them want to fight me
My wifey is super tight and my money's looking enticing
A certified rebel boy, my hand on the metal boy
My foot on the pedal boy, cuz the devil got your boy hella...

Chorus
Paranoid, tell me the truth, I'm out the window with my AK ready to shoot!
(Danica) Got me para....
Ran out of indo, am I paranoid tell me the truth
I'm out the window with my AK ready to shoot, Ran out of indo
Am I paranoid tell me the truth, I'm out the window with my AK
(Danica) Got me Para....
Ready to shoot, ran out of indo am I Paranoid, tell me the truth
I'm out the window with my AK ready to shoot
Ran out of indo, am I...
(Danica) Got me paranoid....