[Intro: Yahmeyl]
Last time I looked around my hood
I've seen the same old things:
Drugs, prostitution, crack, everything you can name ...
Don't you know?
Churches've been in the hoods over 50 years
And they still ain't doing nothing for us
When I say us, the hebrew israelites are so-called black people
We need to see what's going on:
Peep the game, don't be a victim ...

[Verse 1: Yahmeyl]
Why don't you see that Christianity ain't for a black man?
In 1619 they brought us here on slave ships
Baptised us and turned us into Christians
And then they put us on the market blocks for gold and silver
Where is our sovereignty?
There is no reparation
We even built the White House
But the Euro take credit with no compensation
Children are dying
Pastors is lying
They wish wouldn't stole
Awake the people
Take the blindfold off the children
Make them change, man

[Hook: Yahmeyl]
Something has to change, man
Cause the pastor keep taking our change, man
In the ghettos and the hoods, I just see the same thing:
40 acres and a mule ain't enough for me ...
Wake up, get you mind off the chain game
I know you're tired of the same thing!

[Verse 2: Yahmeyl]
Days are so crazy, what can we do?
They're killing us slowly by attacking our food
Where's the sovereignty?
Why would we just standing on picket signs
Trying to convince a government
When they think we're out of our minds?
I accuse law, we're getting sicker and sicker
Have you ever thought about the chemicals they add in our water?
Why would I poison my new born
With needles and vaccines?
The pastor knows it's true
But he don't want to expose the crooked government

[Hook: Yahmeyl]
Something has to change, man
Cause the pastor keep taking our change, man
In the ghettos and the hoods, I just see the same thing:
40 acres and a mule ain't enough for me ...
Wake up, get you mind off the chain game
I know you're tired of the same thing!

[Verse 3: K-Rino]
Will a man rob the father? That's impossible to do
But he damn sure is capable of robbing me and you
See, when them church doors open we enter 'em fast hoping
But slick words are spoken that trigger useless emotions
Add a bunch of charlatans, you're marvelling
That's why they're targeting, women and softer men
To make them rich giving them offerings
While poor people are striving hard, politicians plotting wars
You show up in the private jet and I ain't even got a car
Research gives great rewards? Feed us right we might believe you
No person will have a problem uplifting the righteous preacher
All of us are suffering from weak teaching and gossiping
The prosperity preacher is the only one that's prospering
They persecute the conscious man, the rest of them will stay blind
A slave religion can't produce nothing but a slave mind
Whatever you choose to follow, don't be scared to see to use
We don't need motivational speakers, we need the truth

[Outro: 2pac]
If the churches took half the money that they was making
And gave it back to the community
We'd be alright
If they took half the buildings that they use to "praise God"
And gave it to motherfuckers who need God
We'd be alright
Have you seen some of these got damn churches lately?
There's one's that take up the whole block in New York
There's homeless people out here
Why ain't God lettin' them stay there?
Why these niggas got gold ceilings and shit?
Why God need gold ceilings to talk to me?
Why does God need colored windows to talk to me?
Why God can't come where I'm at where he sent me?
If God wanted to talk to me in a pretty spot like that
Why the hell he send me here then?
That makes ghetto kids not belive in God
Why?
So that's wrong religion ...