Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G
When I get dusted, I like to spread the blood like mustard
Trust it, my hardcore rain leaves you rusted
Move over Lucifer, I'm more ruthless, huh
Leave you toothless, you'll kibbitz, I'll flip it
Tears don't affect me, I hit 'em with the TEC
G's disrespect me, my potency is deadly
I'm shootin' babies; no ifs, ands, or maybes
Hit Mummy in the tummy if the hooker plays a dummy
Slit the wrist of little sis, after she sucked the dick
I stabbed her brother with the ice pick
Because he wanted me to fuck him from the back
But Smalls don't get down like that

Verse 2: 2pac
(Turn the fucking lights out!)
Sick, Thicker than most of these tricks
I got my mind on makin money but you stuck on these fake bitches
I stay blunted, And never fronted and I doubt if I do
Cause if I do, Then I get beat up by my fuckin crew
A real nigga, Since you figure that you ready to box
You catchin knots from my nigga Freddie Foxxx
And I, You really don't want none from Pac
Cause I'll be strapped wit a Glock
And throw thangs like I'm born to box
I'll hit this motherfuckin gin then I'll be all in
Hell yeah, Young niggas straight ballin
And everybody wants to see if I'm a g weighin 165
And I'm high 'til I fuckin die

Busta Rhymes :

OHH! I had you yellin out when I backed a 30/30 Rifle
OHH! Too late for niggas to get religious and start readin they Bible
OHH! See you can yell like other niggas, your pickin a dirty psycho
OHH! See you should make peace instead of makin me become a psycho

Verse 3: 2pac
Walkin' through the cemetery, talkin' to my homies that was buried
See my enemies wanna see me dead, I ain't worried, forgive me
Please give me shelter, calm my fears
Lifted my head, from my hands, had a palm of tears
I see bodies gettin' splashed, with acid
2 shots rang from the plastic Glock, wrapped in plastic
Buried the bastard, time to notify
His family, sheeit, ain't nothing left to be identified
Evacuate the crime scene fast
Why, I heard the Feds had a warrant for my ass
Why, I won't touch down 'til I see Tijuana
Set up shop selling them crooked cops marijuana
Label me a success, I made the switch
Retired from the life that never gave me shit
But cash that I couldn't spend, countless cars
An addict for a wife, my life, as a ghetto star

Busta Rhymes:
OHH! I had you yellin out when I backed a 30/30 Rifle
OHH! Too late for niggas to get religious and start readin they Bible
OHH! See you can yell like other niggas, your pickin a dirty psycho
OHH! See you should make peace instead of makin me become a psycho

Verse 4: 2pac
Just holla my name
And witness game official
Niggas is so shame
They stare stiff like scared bitches
While I remain inside a paradox
Gone my block
Though gun shots is promised to me when will I stop
I hit the weed
And hope to god I can fly high
Witness my enemies
Die when I ride by
They shouldn'ta tried me
Send they bodies to they parents up north
With they faces they wrists and they nuts cut off
Fuck em all what I scream as I dream in tons
Fuck a trick, get me rich n the bitches'll come
Bust ma gun make em all scatta
Bullets to my nuts only made my balls fatta
Eat her dead bee-yatch

Verse 5: The Notorious B.I.G
When we smoke spliffs, we pack four-fifths
Just in case dread wanna riff
He get a free lift to the cemetary, rough very
Not your ordinary, we watch you get buried
That's a real nigga for ya
Get mad do a quarter flip the script, and rip your lawyer
Spit at the D.A. cause fuck what she say
She don't give a fuck about your ass anyway

Busta Rhymes :
OHH! I had you yellin out when I backed a 30/30 Rifle
OHH! Too late for niggas to get religious and start readin they Bible
OHH! See you can yell like other niggas, your pickin a dirty psycho
OHH! See you should make peace instead of makin me become a psycho