[Intro: Assassin]
Thug Life! Comin' straight out the West Coast
Real Boy Killaz!
2Pac with the Assassin, and we ridin' for the West Side!

[Hook]
Bad Boy, Bad Boy, whatcha gonna do?
Whatcha gonna do, watch out, we commin' at you
Bad Boy, Bad Boy, whatcha gonna do?
Whatcha gonna do, we're comin' at you
Bad Boy, Bad Boy, whatcha gonna do?
Whatcha gonna do, watch out, we comin' at you
Bad Boy, Bad Boy, whatcha gonna do?
Whatcha gonna do, watch out, we comin' at you

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I got these bustas on my block and they after me
Runnin' 'round tellin' these niggas, how they gon' capture me
It's gettin' crazy, it's hard to make my mind up
Now should I, buck 'em down, or put my nine up?
You see, I ain't a bad boy, just a boy who had it bad
I graduated from 22's to 3-57 mags
Runnin' on these marks 'fore they stashin'
I ain't askin', give it up, or get to blastin'
The penitentiary don't scare me
A straight thug nigga, the whole set'll take care of me
And tell me, who the fuck you gon' find
Rough enough to tear these bitch-niggas, this is mine
Now busta, meet my nine, 24 on the grind
I'm sick about mine, and uh, ain't nothin' wrong with gettin' high
A hustlin'-ass nigga from the projects, I'm makin' loot
And screamin' Thug Life, nigga, when I shoot
They made me a (bad boy)

[Bridge]
Bad Boys can't stop Thug Life, West Side when we ride, one time!
Bad Boys can't stop Thug Life, we gotsta keep on thuggin'!
Bad Boys can't stop Thug Life, West Side when we ride, one time!
Bad Boys can't stop Thug Life, we gotsta keep on thuggin'!

Fuck Bad Boy!

[Verse 2: The Assassin]
I'm screamin' West Side ridah when we ride in a hoo ride
Suicide 'til the day we die, gettin' high!
From the Bay to LA, drinkin' Tanqueray and da Alize
When we stay on the blocks, slangin' rocks, runnin' from cops
When we runnin', we hummin', now gunnin' and you get done and
In the city wit' no pity, down wit' Thug Life, we doin' it live!
Every time we side on you trick made bitches
Packin' a .45, recognize the game in yo' set
Betta jet when I get you wet, wit' intention a' do or die
Homicide, genocide to the other side
When we glide wit' my nigga Pac we bustin' 'em niggas
On the block wit' Gangsta-D back up me you real OG
Comin' up outta the 7 Trees strick, .9 to the LHD
We claimin' to bring, we make 'em fiend
For the fact we havin' 'em stack on the map
For the city of Sac all the way to the ho' when we stroll
Poppin the mos, outta killa California, straight loc' West Coast!
They made me a (bad boy)

[Bridge]
Bad Boys can't stop Thug Life, West Side when we ride, one time!
Bad Boys can't stop Thug Life, we gotsta keep on thuggin'!
Bad Boys can't stop Thug Life, West Side when we ride, one time!
Bad Boys can't stop Thug Life, we gotsta keep on thuggin'!

Hahahaha!