(Outro: From Poetic Justice Lucky and Justice)
Why you always so mad you must ain't got no man cause you don't never smile do you, What you want from me ,Nothing i think you kinda fly shit let's start with your phone number

(Hook): 2Pac
Hey Baby, let me give you a call
How long will it take to break you off?

(Verse 1): 2Pac
Now, I could make miracles to tempos
It's instrumental, waitin' for the nymphos: that's the intro
Shook when you rush me, walked up and touched me
Why? Do you wanna fuck me?
Just ‘cause I'm paid in the worst way? True!
Lookin' kinda good in your birthday suit
I wonder if you're wild and you act shy
Do you like to be on top or the back side?
Watch me while you lick your lips
Shake your hips, goddamn, I love that shit
Yo, let's stop fakin', be real now
I got a room and a hard-on – still down?
Met you standin' at a bar full of black dudes
Said you wanna see my scars and my tattoos
When we head for my hideout, act right
Boss player when I ride out, that's right
What's ya phone number?

(2Pac and Michael Jackson)
You got to feel that heat
And we can ride the boogie, What's your phone number, Share that beat of lover Baby, let me give you a call
How long will it take to break you off? I wanna rock with you (All night)
Dance you into day (Sunlight)
I wanna rock with you (All night) Hey Baby, let me give you a call
How long will it take to break you off?

(Verse 2): 2Pac
Oh shit, baby is a dime piece, more than just fine
She's personally blessed from the gods
If I seen her right now, she could get me hard
Didn't wanna talk to me just to see my car
Never had sex with a rich rap star
'Til I got her in the back of my homeboy's car
Tell me, why do we live this way?
Money over bitches, let me hear you say
What's your phone number? Are you alone?
Got a pocket full of rubbers, let's bone!
Time for your girlfriend to take you home
I had fun, but baby, gotta leave me alone
Picture in my rhyme, take time to rewind these words I say
If you open your mind, bet in a minute you'll find
It's time let the Outlawz play


(2Pac and Michael Jackson)
When you feel that heat
And we can ride the boogie, What's your phone number, Share that beat of lover Baby, let me give you a call
How long will it take to break you off? I wanna rock with you (All night)
Dance you into day (Sunlight)
I wanna rock with you (All night) Hey Baby, let me give you a call
How long will it take to break you off?

(Bridge): Michael Jackson
And when the groove is dead and gone (Yeah)
You know that love survives
So we can rock forever, on I wanna rock with you, I wanna rock with you

(Chorus): Michael Jackson
I wanna rock (All night)
With you girl (Sunlight)
Rock with you, rock with you girl (Yeah)
(All night)
Dance the night away

I wanna rock with you (Yeah) (All night)
Rock you into day (Sunlight)
I wanna rock with you (All night)
Rock the night away

Feel the heat, feel the beat (All night)
Rock you into day (Sunlight)
I wanna rock (All night)
Rock the night away