[Intro: 2Pac]
I'm not saying I'm going to rule the world or I'm going to change the world, but I guarantee that I will spark the brain that will change the world and that's our job. It's to spark somebody else watching us. We might not be the ones, but let's not be selfish and because we not gonna change the world, let's not talk about how we should change it...

[Hook]
And I wonder if they'll laugh when I'm dead?
Why am I fighting to live if I'm just living to fight?
(You don't know)
Why am I trying to see when there ain't nothing in sight?
Why am I trying to give when no one gives me a try?
Why am I dying to live if I'm just living to die?

[Verse 1: Bure]
Ayo, I'm taking it back to the '00
Back to Austell, Georgia, the world was finna know
A name that would ring out, taking on its glow
Forgetting the woes and just putting on a show
Look, EP and IT, you know they was so tight
Complement each other so well it took 'em to higher heights
First born a year before
After that, it went boy, girl, boy just the score
Streets of ABZ got 'em
They had something to live for, they ain't know about starting from the bottom
Doing their best, they excelled
They ain't know nobody, had to keep people from walking on eggshells
This world I ain't seeing no changes
Been knowing people from time, but still look at me like a stranger
I'm not Pac, I don't get around
Everybody throw your weapons down on the battleground

[Hook]
And I wonder if they'll laugh when I'm dead?
Why am I fighting to live if I'm just living to fight?
Why am I trying to see when there ain't nothing in sight?
Why am I trying to give when no one gives me a try?
Why am I dying to live if I'm just living to die?

[Verse 2: Bure]
Look, Death Row, don't blow indo
Solo, Van Gogh, wait till I plateau
Look, Bad Boy, no tot's toy
In my way I'm looking to destroy
I'm feeling no-notorious
And glorious and maybe a little victorious
From the ABZ to Leicester
You know I ain't trying to test ya
I'm just wondering why you feel like the guy and why you feel the need to go and big up your chest, yeah
'Cause you ain't hard, you fallin' under the bar
And no one's gonna pick you up like they was driving a car
I'm stealthy like jaguar, I ball like an All-Star
Calm down and please be easy
I don't want you feeling queasy
I don't even really want you moving sleazy, just believe me
Everything's gonna be easy-breezy
'Cause everybody's ready for the return of Y Beezy
Look

[Hook]
And I wonder if they'll laugh when I'm dead?
Why am I fighting to live if I'm just living to fight?
Why am I trying to see when there ain't nothing in sight?
Why am I trying to give when no one gives me a try?
Why am I dying to live if I'm just living to die?

[Outro]
Look, bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce
Look, bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce
Yeah, bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce
One more time, look, bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce

[Spoken Outro: Bure & 2Pac]
You're for a lot of things: your music, your acting, your style, the way you carry yourself, but in your opinion, what is your most defining attribute or feature about you?

My big mouth, my big mouth. I got a big mouth, can't help it. I talk from my heart, I'm real, you know what I'm saying, whatever comes comes

Oh man, I feel that Pac, I feel that! You often wrote about social issues like racism, police brutality, poverty and you even touched on a little politics sometimes, you know? I remember listening to "2Pacalypse Now" one of these days and I was listening to the lyrics and they were all talking about calls for change within society. Vice President Quayle, he said this about you at the time, listen to this. He said "There's no reason for a record" being 2Pacalypse Now "like this to be released, it has no place in our society", this is what he said. What would you say that album meant to your people and to you personally?

And we shouldn't be angry, and the raps that I'm rapping to my community should not be filled with rage, you know what I'm saying? It shouldn't be filled with the same atrocities that they gave to me. The media, they don't talk about it, so in my raps, I have to talk about it and it just seems foreign because there's no one else talking about it

Yeah man, I see what you saying, man. Yeah, that album did mean a lot to a lot of your listeners and your followers, so I'm glad you took the time out to, you know, clear that up and I got one more question before you go, Pac, before I let you go. A lot of people would say, "Oh, he's got the money, he's got the fame, he's got the publicity, he's pretty much got everything at this point in his career. What does he need to complain about?" What would you tell them? Why would you do these things? Why do you do these things? Why do you express how you feel in your music and take it back to the place you came from?

I'ma tell you. Um, it's like being the last person alive, you know what I'm saying? After three days, you can't do anything. What can I do? Where can I go? There's no, there's no black neighbourhood, you know what I'm saying, where black people will have the same amount of money as me, you know what I'm saying? There's richer and there's poorer, there's no just, you know, did a movie, got a little bit of money, living okay black neighbourhood. I have to be in a white neighbourhood, so I don't fit in, that's hell. It's hell when you can't be around your peers. All my life, grew up around black people, poor people, but I can't live around poor people now because they'll rob me. And why will they rob me? Because they're starving, 'cause there's no money here, but they're telling me now that I've made a little money, I have to move here. So it's not like no one's ever tying to deal with this section, they just moving away from it and we're gonna have more stars coming from the ghetto, they're gonna all move this way, you know what I'm saying?

Yeah man, yeah. Look Pac, I just wanna, I wanna thank you for allowing me to do this with you and allowing me to sit down and pick your brain a little and seeing different sides to an argument and um, yeah man, you're an inspiration to so many and over your illustrious career, you've created music that cannot be replicated and that's extremely special and I really do, again, wanna thank you for letting me do this and hopefully we can do this again sometime, so I appreciate it Pac, thank you

I appreciate y'all giving me the opportunity to clear all that stuff up. And I'ma represent for y'all and I'ma always give you the opportunity to ask me whatever questions you wanna ask me, whatever way you wanna ask me without me trippin'. And at the same time, I want y'all to always, just when I give you the story, now it's up to you becuase you are our reporters, it's up to you give it without putting me in jail through what I told you, you know what I mean, without giving out the facts. It's up to you to let the people know what's really poppin'