[Lawyer]
Mr. Shakur, can you please explain the meaning
Behind your violent lyrics?

[2Pac]
Explain the meaning?
The fuck these niggas talkin bout?

* sounds of running and sirens in background *

[Kid] Damn...
[Cop] Police, FREEZE!
[Kid] Can't get shit off!
[Cop] I said FREEZE you miserable black son of a bitch!
[Kid] What, come on, come on!

* gun shot *

My attitude is shitty
My message to the censorship committee
Who's the biggest gang of niggas in the city?
The critics or the cops?
The courts or the crooks, don't look so confused
Take a closer look:
Niggas get they neck broke daily
Tryin to stay jail free
What the fuck does Quayle know
What young black males need?
Please tell me
Message to the censorship committee
Who's the biggest gang of niggas in the city?
Huh, I pack a nine millimeter cause I gotta
Livin hotter than the 4th of July, if I gotta die, I gotta
Momma told me, "Don't let em fade me..
.. nigga don't let em make you crazy!"
Game is what she gave me
Gotta watch your back, strapped
Real niggas rat-pack
If you get your ass taxed, bring a gat back
That's not the way we made it
That's just the way it is
Slangin rocks, fed a nigga's kids
I came up
My message to the censorship committee
Who's the biggest gang of niggas in the city?
Cops pull me over, check my plates, but I'm legal
You couldn't get me, figure fuck with a niggas people
They got me trapped, gat with the motherfuckin hammer back
Cops on my back, just cause I'm black, Snap
Now I'm guilty?
Message to the censorship committee
Who's the biggest gang of niggas in the city?
All you punk police will never find peace
On the streets til the niggas get a piece, fuck em!
They kill you to control ya
Pay top dollar for your soul
Real niggas don't fold, straight souljah!
Can't find peace on the streets
Til the niggas get a piece, fuck police, hear them screamin
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
Til the niggas get a piece, fuck police, hear them screamin
(I hear ya!)
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
Til the niggas get a piece, fuck police, screamin
(I hear ya!)
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
Til the niggas get a piece, fuck police, screamin
(I hear ya!)
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
Til the niggas get a piece, fuck police (I hear ya!)
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
Til the niggas get a piece, fuck police (I hear ya!)
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
Til the niggas get a piece, fuck police (I hear ya!)
The niggas scream fuck em!
Motherfuckin punk police (I hear ya!)
Thinkin they run the motherfuckin streets
It's mo' niggas than it's police
Think (I hear ya!)
One nigga, teach two niggas
Teach three niggas, teach fo' niggas (I hear ya!)
Teach mo' niggas, and we could run this shit!
I hear ya!

[Outro - Repeat 10 X]
They finally pulled me over and I laughed
Remember Rodney King and I blast on his punk ass (I hear ya!)