[Intro]
I would share the definition of ballin’
With you white folks, but no
The game is to be sold and not told, so fuck you

[Hook: Sample]
I'm just living and a lovin'
Waiting for the moment
When you've got time to kill

[Verse 1]
I'm up before the sunrise, first to hit the block
Little bad muthafucka with a pocket full of rocks
Learn to throw them thangs, get my skinny little ass kicked
And niggas laugh 'til the first muthafucka got blasted
I put that nigga in his casket
Now they covering the bastard in plastic
I smoke blunts on the regular, fuck when it counts
I'm trying to make a million dollars out a quarter-ounce
And getting ghost on the 5-0—fuck them hoes
Got a .45, screaming out survival
Hey nigga, can I lay low? Cook some yayo
Holla "one-time" when I say so
Don't wanna go to the pen, I'm hitting fences
NARCs on a nigga's back, missing me by inches
And they say: "How do you survive weighing 165
In a city where the skinny niggas die?"
Tell Mama "don't cry", 'cause even when they kill me
They can never take the game from a young G
I'm Str8 ballin'!

[Hook: Sample]
I'm just living and a lovin'
Waiting for the moment
When you've got time to kill
(Str8 ballin')
I'm just living and a lovin'
Waiting for the moment
When you've got time to kill

[Verse 2]
I'm still on parole, but I'm the first nigga serving
Pour some liquor on the curb for my niggas that deserve it
But if I want to make a million, gotta stay dealing
It's kinda booming 'round the way, and today I'll make a killing
Dressing down like I’m dirty, but only on the block
It's a clever disguise to keep me running from the cops
I'm getting high, I think I'll die if I don't get no ends
I'm in a bucket, but I’m riding it like it's a Benz
I hit the strip and let my music bump
Drinking liquor and I'm looking for some hoes to fuck
Rather die making money than live poor and legal
As I slang another ounce, I wish it was a kilo
I need money in a major way
Time to fuck my beyotch! Ha! And getting paid
You other muthafuckers crawlin'
But me and my muthafuckin' thug niggas—we str8 ballin'!!!

[Hook: Sample]
I'm just living and a lovin'
Waiting for the moment
When you've got time to kill
I'm just living and a lovin'
Waiting for the moment
When you've got time to kill

[2Pac during hook]
Look here, y'all know what time it is
This the part where y'all loc up
You now what I'm sayin'? Str8 ballin'
Doing 55, nigga, do time
The police right behind
They can't see me, they wanna be me
Str8 muthafuckin' ballin'
Start letting it off, nigga, this '94, and niggas want mo'
We str8 ballin'
That's how it's goin down my muthafuckin' nigga
Bulletproof vests and all, you know?

[Verse 3]
I'm damned if I don't, and damned if a nigga do
So watch a young motherfucker pull a trigger just to raise up!
But don't let them see you cry
Dry your eyes, young nigga, time to do or die
I keep a pistol in my pocket, ready
On my block, ain't no time for a nigga to even cock shit
And I done seen a muthafucka’ peep pain
At point-blank range 'cause he slept on the game
And ain't a damned thing changed
You shaking the dice, now roll 'em
If you can't stand pain, better hold 'em
'Cause ain't no telling what you might roll
You might fold, catch AIDS from a slight cold, nigga
Best to live your life to the fullest
Be quick to kill the bull
Got a pistol, motherfucker, better pull it
'Cause even when they kill me
They can never take the game from a young G
We str8 ballin'!

[Hook: Sample]
I'm just living and a lovin'
Waiting for the moment
When you've got time to kill
I'm just living and a lovin'
Waiting for the moment
When you've got time to kill

[2Pac during hook]
They have you niggas believe you bout to die
When we really coming up like a muthafucka
Just str8 ballin', know what I'm sayin'?
Fuck that small-time nickel-and-dime shit
If you gonna do it, do it, nigga
If you want it, pursue it!
We can handle the shit
It's time for niggas to stay ballin'!
We made this muthafucka! For who?

[Verse 4]
To my niggas in the penitentiary
Loc up like a motherfucka when they mention me
'Cause you fuckin' with the realest motherfucka ever born
And once again, it's on
I'm busting on these bitches 'til they gone
Now who the hell can you get to stop me?
I'm in the projects, parlaying with my posse
I keep my Glock cocked, nigga, 'cause they all shady
I finally made it, now these jealous bitches trying to fade me!
I ain't going out, I'd rather blast back
I'm on the corner with my niggas watching cash stack
And I came up a long way from food stamps
And taking shit from these low-life ghetto tramps
How could you blame me? If they sweat me I'mma open fire!
What could I do? Pull my trigger or watch my nigga die
I'm representing to the fullest, giving devils slugs
I'm on the block slanging drugs with the young thugs
And motherfucka, we be ballin'!
All motherfuckin' day long! Stay strong!
We straight ballin'