[Intro: 2Pac & (Erick Sermon sample)]
Drop that shit!
(Heyyyy! Heyy-ayyaahhyy)
You know what time it is
Y'all know what it's time to do
I know you feel me, you know, I know you feel me
So grab one by the hand, you know what I'm sayin'?
And uh, throw up that finger!
Ayo, yo, throw y'all fingers up!

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Tell me, baby, are you lonely? Don't wanna rush ya
I can help ya if you only, let me touch ya
If I'm wrong, Love, tell me
'Cause I get caught up in the life I live, it's hell, see
I never thought I'd see the day when I would calm down
You ain't heard? I've been known to clown and get around
That's my word, see you walkin' and you lookin' good
Yes indeed, got a body like a sex fiend, you're killin' me
With your attitude to match, right?
Don't be phony, 'cause I hate it when you act like
You don't know me, I've be stressin' in the spotlight
I want the fame, but the industry's a lot like
A crap game, ain't no time for commitment, I gotta go
Can't be with you every minute, miss, another show
And even though I'm known for my one night stand
Look here, I wanna be an honest man, but temptations going...

[Interlude: 2Pac & (Erick Sermon sample)]
(Heyyyy! Heyy-ayyaahhyy)
Give 'em the finger!
(Heyyyy! Heyy-ayyaahhyy)
And all my homies going
(Heyyyy! Heyy-ayyaahhyy)
Give 'em the finger!
And you know what, baby, it's like...

[Chorus: Easy Mo Bee]
I know you've been searchin' for someone
To make you happy and get the job done
You say you needed a man with money
But I can't be there, and will you still care?

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Will I cheat or will I be committed? Heaven knows
Gettin' weak and I wanna hit it, so here I go
In my ride and I'm all in
Gettin' high, I can hear the people callin'
I'm passin' by, everybody knows I'm ballin'
And to God, gotta keep myself from fallin'
But it's hard, all the cuties know I'm under pressure
What do I do? Gettin' shaky when she pull the dress up
And say it's cool, should I stroke
Or should I wait a while? You decide
If you tell me that you don't want it, that's a lie
Move close and let me whisper
Some dirty words in your ears as I kiss ya
On every curve, slow down, baby, don't rush, I like it slow
Can't hold it any longer so let it go
Open the gates to your waterfall up in heaven
And don't worry, I let myself in, all I heard was...

[Interlude: 2Pac & (Erick Sermon sample)]
(Heyyyy! Heyy-ayyaahhyy)
Give 'em the finger!
Yeah, you know what time it is
All the homies going
(Heyyyy! Heyy-ayyaahhyy)
Don't be heartbroke, baby, don't be heartbroke
Give 'em the finger!
That's just the thug in me, girl, you know
But peep out how my homies do this shit...

[Chorus: Easy Mo Bee]
I know you've been searchin' for someone
To make you happy and get the job done
You say you needed a man with money
But I can't be there, and will you still care?

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
A lot of people think it's easy to settle down
Got a woman that'll please me in every town
I don't want 'em but I gotta do it
The temptation got me ready to release the fluid
Sensation, sit down and conversate
Like you know me, take my hand
'Cause even thugs get lonely, understand
Even the hardest of my homies need attention
Catch you blowin' up the telephone, reminiscin'
I wanna take you to the movies and the park
A quiet spot for you to do me in the dark
Now that it's passion, hold me tight
Don't need lights, I can see you by the moonlight
I know your man ain't lovin' you right
You're lonely and depressed, you need a thug in your life
Enough talkin', you want me to leave I'll get to walkin'
See you later, 'cause baby, I'm a player, and all I heard was...

[Outro: 2Pac & (Erick Sermon sample)]
(Heyyyy! Heyy-ayyaahhyy)
Yeah, you know, thug style, baby, thug style
Give 'em the finger!
Don't be mad at me, throw your hands up
Yo, this how we gonna do this, y'know?
We gon' freak the funk, freakin' it, you know?
Ay, but peep this, this how we run game on 'em
Check it out though, it's like...
(Hey...hey...)
All my niggas goin', uptown in the, give 'em the finger!
In the Bronx y'all, and Brooklyn
All over New York they're goin'
Out in Oaktown, and Los Angeles
Yeah, out in Houston, and Baltimore
Yeah, Miami, all the way down south
And up north where it's cold
Yeah, freak mode, baby, freak mode
It's the thug in me, I know you feel me