The Good Die Young

I'm the victim, yet I feel accused. My whole life been abused, at times just a little misused. Left feeling the blues. Seeing the color in every hue
It's my only salvation, as I begin cry. Wipe away your tears young blood, it'll all go away it just takes time
Patience is my key, and knowledge is the lock
Time to be grateful as I spin back the clock
Reminisce on the the memories, better hold on tight
You just might get lost witnessing such a sight
Don't fight young blood, just fly and be free
Let it all go of the past, that pain, the poisonous clarity
Am I wrong wishing, as I pray for better days
God is with me see now, I see it in his faith

But goodness I have to ask
Why do the Good Die Young. So early before their song is sung
Yeah baby believe me Good Die Young
But nobody can seem to tell me why, maybe it's all just a lie

I see it everyday, its the reason I stay up and pray. Wishing for those better days
They casted me out in the street, now I gotta stand on my own two feet
Cause who are we to say who lives n dies, please just take shot. All this judgment upon others needs to stop
What are we living for please just take it, on my knees praying for my own salvation
The tragedy is that we all need love and care, but we push away everybody who's there
Until your left all alone, in the danger zone. One created by your own mind, be at peace baby just take your time
Life's so short precious as the air we breath, stop speaking and fight for the peace
Cause blood best believe that The Good Die Young
You can hear the outcry of thier voices no one can be silienced. Even past all this pointless violence
Kids struggling to make you proud, just to be turned away
Man one of reasons I cry everyday
Mothers shed a river of tears, she needs your love even after all these years

Young blood I know the Good Die Young, that's why I'm sitting here speaking this song
Can anybody tell me why. The Good Die Young
There's a tragedy in the wake, the moment you feel straight outta place
Keep your head, cause life goes on
Hear the words behind my song
I ask again can't we just be free, away from all this uncertainty
Now will it all get worse, cause I've been trapped since birth
Don't get no weaker or no harder, even faced with a life without your father
No one knew the boy was broken, every moment he laid up toking
Hear and now the word is spoken. Rest in paradise, there you'll find your peace. Past all the grief

Baby why do the Good Die So Young
Don't cry now cause I understand, it's all apart of God's divine plan
Take em to a better place on among the clouds, only then will they be free to scream out loud
Best believe blood that The Good Die Young
Come with now to see your fallen son, grandmother with heart, your father that tore it all apart
They wait for us now, there in the sun. Best believe baby
That The Good Die Young