[Interview]

Sway: Ayy now I'm chillin' with 2Pac. The Bay area's on right here, what's up Pac, how ya doing brother?

2Pac: Wuss poppin'? Wuss poppin'

Sway: First off, I want to congratulate you on all your success man, 'cause I kind of watched you evolve, and you know ,and even though, you know, I think most people from the Bay area, even though we couldn't be there by your side, we kind of felt like every episode you went through in your life that we could only see through the media, we was right there, you know. Brothers got a lotta love for you here in th eBay Area and we wanna know when you're planing on coming back, for a minute.

2Pac: I'm comin' back for sure... and I love the Bay. Everywhere I go... and every episode I've been through, I always felt like I was sharing it, both the good times and the bad times with the Bay Area. I felt like whatever I am, the Bay Area had soething to do with making me. So if I'm bad they had something to do with making me and if I'm good, they had something to do with making me. Between the East Coast, the Bay Area and LA and Baltimore, ya know what I mean? Made me who I am... made me stand out. I owe them everything. It's not like saying like I got love for one block. I got love for those communities, those areas, because everything about those areas made me who I am. I had people from the little--the littlest crackheads or the biggest ballers to the teachers, to the principals in school, to the police that moved me by the arm. Everybody- to the the mama's on the block, anybody who helped raise me and I appreciate it. Because without a family, they helped me put my family back together, just by all my fans making me who I am. Now I've got a family again. I started rapping, I was talking about broken homes and shit. Now everybody a'ight again, just because my fans being behind me, you know what I mean? They make it more than just a fan-artist thing, they making it more like "That's our homeboy, we supporting him," and I appreciated that going to jail and making me number one, they made me number one, and I appreciated that, you know what I mean? I appreciate them sticking up for me with everybody kicking me when I'm down and everything, that's love and I never trade that so for the Bay and Philly and all those areas and all those ghettos and towns... I 'love y'all... don't let this East Coast/West Coast thing get to you. I love you with all my hear with everything. I do this for y'all. Just know that if it was you, you'd do the same thing in my position.

(Sway: That's KC)

(2Pac: What's poppin' man? Come back here man. Oh okay... okay.)

2Pac: That's KC, y'all.

Sway: Yeah, we kickin' it in the trailer with these fools right now, and it's setting off the hook, it's setting off the hook. On a serious note though, this is what I wanted to ask you man, 'cause it seems like every time you come up, like on with each album, something will set you back. Like the incident that happened in Berkeley back in the day with the police, and then the trials you went through with the lady back east, and then the situation you're in now, you know. You getting caught up in the system. Every time you come up, it seems like there's osmething bring you back down. When you're caught up like that, what is it that goes through your mind, when you got millions of fans wondering about you?

2Pac: It hurts me in one way because they be lookin' at me saying "Damn you got everything why are you doing this?" In my heart I'll be saying "Damn you know I don't wanna go to jail..I'm trying to live." On the other hand, I can't really take it personal because I'm a reflection of the community... All young Black males are going through that..It's happening with a lot of young Black females also young white males... A lot of minorities are going through that where they try to come up and get pulled back five steps...
To me it's not personal because they're all going through it. The only thing that makes it different and original with me is that people get to watch it from beginning to end like it's a soap opera. You get to watch mine and with everyone else they get to hide and go to their homes and get over it. With me you see me dealing with my greatest pains. You see me get over things.

Sway: What went through your head when you got shot in New York and that whole complication?

2Pac: I can't front. It slowed me down. What went through my mind was "like damn I'm shot." I used to believe I could never be touched. So now I'm more careful. Some people may say I'm disrespectful..but I'm more cautious because I have been shot. I know what that feels like. I'm not trying to be in that predicament. I know we all have choices to make and my choices have already been made even if I wanna change it.
What I learned in jail is that I can't change. I can't live a different lifestyle... this is it. This is the life that they gave and this is the life that I made. You know how they say 'you made your bed now lay in it? I tried to move... can't move into some other bed. This is it. Not for the courts. Not for the parole board. Not for nobody. All I'm trying to do is survive and make good out of the dirty, nasty, unbelievable lifestyle that they gave me. I'm just trying to make something good out of that. It's like if you try and plant something in the concrete..if it grows and the rose pedals got all kind of scratches and marks, your not gonna say "Damn look at all the scratches on the rose that grew from the concrete." Your gonna say... Damn! A rose grew from the concrete? Well that's the same thing with me.. Folks should be sayin' "Damn! he grew out of all that?"... That's what they should see.

Sway: Earlier this year..Friday April 19 1996, Tupac Shakur graced the airwaves of KMEL Radio's Westside Radio program in San Francisco. Here, in an historic interview he let the entire Bay Area know exactly what he was feeling and thinking at that point in time.
For those who weren't up on the backdrop at the time that interview aired, 2Pac had not spoken to anyone extensively since joining Death Row. His album, 'All Eyes On Me' was the album of choice for more then a few headz especially here in the Bay Area. The Bad Boy/ Death Row conflict was at an all time high... No one from the Death Row camp had spoken on co-founder Dr Dre's departure. More importantly, 2Pac had not been through the Bay in what seemd like years...My boy Sway of The Wake Up Show was the person asking the questions..


First of all 2Pac congratulations on your success...Most people from the Bay Area couldn't be there by your side..but we felt like with every episode you went through we were there..we saw you through the media and we were right there. Brothers gotta a lotta love for you here in the Bay Area and we wanna know when you're planning on coming back?

2Pac:I'm comin' back for sure..and I love the Bay. Everywhere I go..and every episode I've been through, I always felt like I was sharing it..both the good times and the bad times with the Bay Area. I felt like whatever I am the Bay Area had something to do with making me. So if I'm bad they had something to do with making me and if I'm good they had something to do with making me. Between the east coast, the Bay Area and LA and Baltimore, those places made me....I owe them everything. It's not like I just got love for one block. I got love for those communities.. I got love for those areas because everything about those areas made me who I am...
From the crack heads to biggest ballers to the teachers to the principals in schools to the police that pulled me by the arm to the mammas on the block. To everybody who help raise me and I appreciate it...With all my fans I got a family again.
When I started rappin' I was talkin' about broken homes and now everybody is alright again just because of my fans being behind me..they made it more then just an artist thing..instead it was like them saying 'hey that's our homeboy and we support him. I appreciate that... I went to jail and they made me number one.. I appreciate them stickin' up for me when everyone was kickin me when I was down... That's love and I'll never trade that..so for the Bay and Philly and all those areas and all those ghettos and towns..I love y'all..don't let this east coast west coast thing get to you... I love you with all my heart with everything. I do this for y'all....

It seems like every time you come up something happens to bring you back down.. When you're caught up like that what is it that goes through your mind when you got millions of fans wondering about you?

2Pac: It hurts me in one way because they be lookin' at me saying 'Damn you got everything why are you doing this?' In my heart I'll be saying 'Damn you know I don't wanna go to jail..I'm trying to live.' On the other hand, I can't really take it personal because I'm a reflection of the community... All young Black males are going through that..It's happening with a lot of young Black females also young white males... A lot of minorities are going through that where they try to come up and get pulled back five steps...
To me it's not personal because they're all going through it. The only thing that makes it different and original with me is that people get to watch it from beginning to end like it's a soap opera. You get to watch mine and with everyone else they get to hide and go to their homes and get over it. With me you see me dealing with my greatest pains. You see me get over things....

What went through your head when you got shot in New York and that whole complication?

2Pac: I can't front. It slowed me down. What went through my mind was 'like damn I'm shot'. I used to believe I could never be touched. So now I'm more careful. Some people may say I'm disrespectful..but I'm more cautious because I have been shot. I know what that feels like. I'm not trying to be in that predicament. I know we all have choices to make and my choices have already been made even if I wanna change it.
What I learned in jail is that I can't change. I can't live a different lifestyle..this is it. This is the life that they gave and this is the life that I made. You know how they say 'you made your bed now lay in it? I tried to move... can't move into some other bed. This is it. Not for the courts. Not for the parole board. Not for nobody. All I'm trying to do is survive and make good out of the dirty, nasty, unbelievable lifestyle that they gave me. I'm just trying to make something good out of that. It's like if you try and plant something in the concrete..if it grows and the rose pedals got all kind of scratches and marks, your not gonna say 'Damn look at all the scratches on the rose that grew from the concrete'. Your gonna say..Damn! A rose grew from the concrete? Well that's the same thing with me.. Folks should be sayin' 'Damn! he grew out of all that?.. That's what they should see.

Sway: Brother you must be truly blessed to go through all these trials and tribulations you've been through and you're still maintaining. Even now they're still comin' after you. You got these demons and obstacles that keep comin down harder and harder. It seems like everytime you turn around, you got somebody knockin' on your door trying to take something from you.

2Pac: They come harder and harder. It's like everytime I think this is it and I go all out to beat that and I win or I lose... I come into the next one and it's worse. It's like the twilight zone. It's like some evil, unstoppable shit that won't let me go. It's got it's hands on me and it wants to see me fail. In my mind sometimes when I'm drunk or I'm just laying down... I keep thing to myself, "Damn is this true?.. Am I gonna fail? Am I supposed to fail? Should I just stop trying and give up?" But then I'm like "Nah, hold up hold on..that's exactly what they're waiting on me to do'". They're waiting for me to give up. So now this is just a fun little game that I cry at sometime..that I laugh at sometime..that I smile at and have good times and bad times. But it's a game. It's the game of life. Do I win or do I lose? I know one day they're gonna shut the game down but I gotta have as much fun and go around the board as many times as I can before it's my turn to leave.

Sway: That's for real. We chillin' Tupac right now. We gonna come back with some more Tupac. We just loungin' in his trailer.

(Trailer, trailer, trailer, trailer, trailer, trailer, trailer, trailer, trailer, trailer)