[2Pac talking]
Take a ride to my block (my block)..
That's right.. Rest in peace to all the motherfuckers that past away
Makaveli in this.. Thats how you do that shit..

[Verse 1]
They got a nigga
Shedding tears, reminiscing on my past fears
Cause shit was hectic for me last year
It appears that I've been marked for death, my heartless breath
The underlying cause of my arrest, my life is stressed
And no rest forever weary, my eyes stay teary
For all the brothers that are buried in the cemetery
Shit is scary, how black on black crime legendary
But at times unnecessary, I'm getting worried
Teardrops and closed caskets, the three strikes law is drastic
And certain death for us ghetto bastards
What can we do when we're arrested, but open fire
Life in the pen ain't for me, cause I'd rather die
But don't cry through your despair
I wonder if the Lord still cares, for us niggas on welfare
And who cares if we survive
The only time they notice a nigga is when he's clutching on a 4.5

[Chorus x2]
They tell us that we hopeless and hell bound
This for the brothers in penetentiaries jailed down
Homies in every city definition of power
Its a thugs wrath. Can you feel me now?

[Verse 2]
Now shit's constantly hot, on my block, it never fails to be gunshots
Can't explain a mother's pain, when her son drops
Black males living Hell when will we prevail
Fearing jail but crack sales got me living well
And the system's suicidal with this Thug's Life
Staying strapped forever trapped in this drug life
God help me, cause I'm starving, can't get a job
So I resort to violent robberies, my life is hard
Can't sleep cause all the dirt make my heart hurt
Put in work and shed tears for my dead peers
Mislead from childhood where I went astray
Till this day I still pray for a better way
Can't help but feel hopeless and heartbroke
From the start I felt the racism cause I'm dark
Couldn't quit the bullshit make me represent
Hit the bar and played the star, everywhere I went

[Chorus x2]
They tell us that we hopeless and hell bound
This fo the brothers in penetentiaries jailed down
Homies in every city definition of power
Its a thugs wrath. Can you feel me now?

[Verse 3]
And I can't help but wonder why, so many young kids had to die
Caught strays from AK's and the driveby
Swollen pride and homicide, don't coincide
Brothers cry for broken lives, mama come inside
Cause our block is filled with danger
Used to be a close knit community but now we're all cold strangers
Time changes us to stone them crack pipes
All up and down the block exterminating black life
But I can't blame the dealers
My mama's welfare check has brought the next man chrome wheels
Shit's real, I know ya feel, my tragedy
A single mother with a problem child, daddy free
Hanging out picking up game, sipping cheap liquor
Gamin the hoochies hoping I can get to sleep with her
It's a man's world, staying strapped
Fantasies of a nigga living phat, but held back

[Chorus x2]
They tell us that we hopeless and hell bound
This fo the brothers in penetentiaries jailed down
Homies in every city definition of power
Its a thugs wrath. Can you feel me now?