(intro)2Pac
Shit, tired of gettin shot at
Tired of gettin chased by the police and arrested
Niggas need a spot where WE can kick it
A spot where WE belong, that's just for us
Niggas ain't gotta get all dressed up and be Hollywood
Y'knahmean? Where do niggas go when we die?
Ain't no heaven for a thug nigga
That's why we go to thug mansion
That's the only place where thugs get in free and you gotta be a G
... at thug mansion

(verso 1)Lil Rickyy
Ô Senhor Deus, essa noite eu me perguntei
Porque que o meu mano se foi? Te confesso que até chorei
Pensei em todos que se foram dessa forma trágica
Em que um click tira vidas como fosse magica
Me bateu uma revolta de vingar meu mano
Então é por isso que esta noite eu estou aqui rezando!
Eu sei que não é certo, e eu te peço desculpa
Mas cada minuto que passa, dobra a minha culpa
Que eu podia ter evitado seria o bastante
Eu sei que ele teria um futuro brilhante
Porra, Talvez no rap, porque rimava muito
Talvez no estudo porque também se dedicava muito
Só de saber que ele estava lá na hora errada
Que a diferença de segundo mudou sua jornada
Dá um aperto tão forte dentro do meu peito
Porque tudo poderia ter sido de outro jeito
Eu penso em como a minha vida ficou vazia
Sem meu amigo, só restaram as fotografias
Por causa de um vagabundo e uma bala perdida
Não pude nem te um abraço de despedida..

(Refrão)J. Phoenix
Every corner, every city
There's a place where life's a little easy
Little Hennessy, laid back and cool
Every hour, cause it's all good
Leave all the stress from the world outside
Every wrong done will be alright (I wanna go)
Nothin but peace (I wanna go) love (I wanna go nigga)
And street passion, every ghetto needs a thug mansion

(verso 2)Lil Rickyy
Eu preferia ta aqui falando sobre amor..
Não sou bom pra fala com o coração cheio de dor
Mas é assim que eu tô, é assim que eu me sinto
Como se a minha angustia fosse um grande labirinto
É foda de explicar quando um amigo seu se vai!
Se eu tento a tristeza vem e o choro cai
Um cara que cê pensa que sempre vai pode contar
Que vai ta do seu lado quando cê  mais precisar
Que tu pode chamar de amigo, de irmão
Que com ele você aprendeu varias lição
Me lembro do nosso sonho de moleque
Um dia ser famoso, ganhar dinheiro, cantando rap
Você tinha talento óh.. mó ideia forte
Pena que tudo isso se foi com a sua morte
E agora eu to aqui na estrada sozinho
Sei que tu dai de cima tu me guia nesse caminho
Não deixa eu desandar, não deixa eu fraquejar
Quando eu cai tu tava lá pra me levantar
Já que eu nem pude nem me despedir taí
Um Rap pra dai do céu você ouvir..

(Refrão)J. Phoenix
Every corner, every city
There's a place where life's a little easy
Little Hennessy, laid back and cool
Every hour, cause it's all good
Leave all the stress from the world outside
Every wrong done will be alright (I wanna go)
Nothin but peace (I wanna go) love (I wanna go nigga)
And street passion, every ghetto needs a thug mansion

(verso 3)2Pac
Dear momma don't cry, your baby boy's doin good
Tell the homies I'm in heaven and they ain't got hoods
Seen a show with Marvin Gaye last night, it had me shook
Drippin peppermint Schnapps, with Jackie Wilson, and Sam Cooke
Then some lady named Billie Holiday
Sang sittin there kickin it with Malcolm, 'til the day came
Little LaTasha sho' grown
Tell the lady in the liquorstore that she's forgiven, so come home
Maybe in time you'll understand only God can save us
When Miles Davis cuttin lose with the band
Just think of all the people that you knew in the past
That passed on, they in heaven, found peace at last
Picture a place that they exist, together
There has to be a place better than this, in heaven
So right before I sleep, dear God, what I'm askin
Remember this face, save me a place, in thug's mansion

(Refrão)J. Phoenix
Every corner, every city
There's a place where life's a little easy
Little Hennessy, laid back and cool
Every hour, cause it's all good
Leave all the stress from the world outside
Every wrong done will be alright (I wanna go)
Nothin but peace (I wanna go) love (I wanna go nigga)
And street passion, every ghetto needs a thug mansion..