2Pac: "Can you imagine somebody having 32 million dollars? 32? 32 Million Dollars. And this person has nothing... and you can sleep?"

PAVE:

Look, it's PAVE
Purple 3 Meets SF, hold tight T. Hold tight Eff
Stone on the beat with this one, this one's crazy as hell
I always knew what I wanted to be, top of my game that was my only priority
And now I'm killing it with T
That's not just 100, that's a 99 piece. (Sabes sabes)
Yeah you gotta be the goat or why bother?
I'm the craftiest plotter, that's why I always hover
And I'm hard to read into but that doesn't matter
I'm here to give you some gold then I scatter, pitter patter
Cos I let the liquid spill, I'm bringing back the old school rap cos everything's gone so down hill
North London slowly becoming a dungeon, I'm making my way out
I had to block all these people ringing my line, chasing this clout
Dinero y amor, that's what I'm about
I had tears for fears so I had to shout, let it all out
A 90s boy, born and raised in the capital
That explains why to the scene I'm so invaluable, yeah I'm classical
I eat MCs para desayuno, they're calling me a cannibal
With a chick she's insatiable, I've gotta grow out of what I was cos she's incapable
How can you ensure that you're pleased?
How can you determine when you want something whether or not it's greed?
Haven't you already preed?
It's the same shit, I'm out of the box like Apollo Creed
I just want mo stack, cos me no trust no body
On my Jack Jones cos these dickheads don't know money
You've got no soul, that's why your career's heading south
I've ridden, I've ridden down the river
Now I'm finally at the mouth
Whoo, let's get it

TO2Smooth:

Be me, what do I wanna be?
TO just wanna be free
I just wanna be me
Wanna be more than a man
I wanna be a king
Wanna build an empire like the lions and it's ironic that I've been one
Lying in the jungle, my mum says I remind her of Simba
And I'd be lying if I said I didn't wanna be rich
Cos more times, I want my pockets full of paper like a printer
But same time you can't take it with you when you're gone
So I'm steady building my kingdom so my name can live on
Through the centuries, I want them to remember me as legendary
Not for popping bottles in the club, or getting lean up off of Hennessy
TO trying to build a legacy so my grandkids and their grandkids can live comfortably
So for now, I'm trying to plant this money tree like Jay Rock and Kendrick
Trying to go down as a great like Jimi Hendrix
My life's a movie, trust me
That would be a popular suggestion on Netflix
Nobody can walk a mile in my Air Force 1s
Seen and done it all I've been the chosen one
Everyday's a showcase of black excellence, nah fuck that
That's straight excellence
I walk with god, when I step, stay blessed like a reverend
Trying to buy some acres in the motherland and develop it
Make sure you keep the family close, cos blood's thicker than water
But my brothers are brothers so I see my unborn daughter as their daughter and that's real shit
That's G3, that's Skinny P, that's SB, that's Jigga J, that's MJ, that's Primo, that's Razza, that's Muna and that's Vangs
Be me, I'm just trying to be T
Cos that's who I am
Stick to the G Code even if this shit hits the fan and that's real shit

PAVE:

Uh, what do you wanna be?
This is PAVE and T, we creating dreams uh
Look, what do you wanna be?
This shit popping in 3D, this is me and T uh
Hold tight SF yeah they're meeting Purple 3
What do you wanna be?
This is P-A-V-E. Uh
We making history


2Pac:
This world is such a, and when I say this world I mean it
I don't mean in the ideal sense, I mean in the everyday, every little thing you do
It's such a gimme, gimme, gimme
Everybody back off
Everybody's like you get taught that from school
Everywhere. You wanna be successful?
You wanna be like Trump?
Gimme, gimme, gimme
Push, push, push, push
Step, step, step
Crush, crush, crush