[Intro: 2Pac]
Niggas playing deadly motherfuckin' war games (deadly war games)
That nigga rappin' about my motherfuckin' life!
I'm talking to you, nigga (fake-ass motherfucker)
The fuck you talkin' about
Let's get it on now
He got shot and left the hospital the same day
Bring the noise
When? What month, motherfucker? (Y'all motherfuckers soft as jelly) What motherfuckin' month?
Bring the noise
How you talkin' about gattin' and shootin'
You ain't firm nigga, you soft
Where the fuck do these niggas live where all this shit be goin' down?
Soft ass nigga
Fuck your clique nigga
You want to know how I did this shit?
Bunch of skinny motherfuckers
You want to know how real my shit is?
Nigga, go read the motherfuckin' newspaper, you trick-ass nigga

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Heyyyyyyy, huh
How many broke-down rappers got some shit to say?
I sit and strategize, in due time, them bitches pay
Plus all day, I puff weed 'til my eyes bleed red
Undercover tactics, leave my enemies dead
Check this, I know you niggas got no love for me
But how the fuck your whole clique turn to thugs, homie?
Like misdemeanors, it's a small thang
You niggas ain't ready for war, let my balls hang
Bust it, I took apart your whole crew, lack heart, I ain't concerned
I bust at Bad Boy, Mobb Deep and murder The Firm
When you scream "Fake thugs," who the fuck you mean?
Get more cream than all of y'all, nigga, fuck your team
Now Dre want to switch sides, tricks hide in war
Last year, I'd shed tears, but I don't cry no more
Plus Jay-Z tried to play me, won't last long
Go ask King Sun how it feel to have your ass gone
Listen Doo-Wop, don't get your shit knocked, you can't win
Tell 'em all to let the games begin, we havin' war games

Yeah nigga, y'all niggas can't fade this shit
Got shot 5 times, got out of jail on bail
And sold 5 million
Sold more records then all you trick motherfuckers put together
More than the Firm, more than Bad Boy, more than Mobb Deep
More than all you bitch made niggas

[Verse 2: Napoleon]
Now won't you just, signal me
Before you try to take another one of my folks
Took they breath so they choke
And I know I did a lot of dirt
But grand said it wouldn't hurt
My death is comin', 'cause I feel it, smell it
When I work, did you see me
Comin' up I tried to take it easy
Plan at the wrong place, at the wrong time
I leave you with a broken mind
Ya whole block is fucked
Whole family is cryin', when the guns go bust
I went from Jersey to Cali, nigga
I seen it all, when niggas get they head busted
And didn't fall

[Verse 3: E.D.I. Amin]
Huh, yeah
I be that young nigga, EDI, Amin, huh
Rappers is fixin' to come up short
If y'all don't come clean
Check it, I'm at home watchin', shittin', sittin'
And I see some niggas on a T.V. line, what a pity
Ain't nothin' but a copy, of a copy
Reincarnation of an imitation, sloppy
Don't even know you got these white folks laughin' at cha
How the hell, you gonna base your lifestyle after a movie character
I'm dumpin' back at cha
Huh, fully loaded and you can quote it
Thug niggas casket is ridin' roll it

[Verse 4: Young Noble]
I'm hell-bound, One Nation
My destination is jail bound
Penetration to get ya niggas shot down, it's my town
Put your B'9s and Glocks down
Outlawz drop down
Shuttin' your whole spot down
We rock towns daily
Sippin' on the Baileys with thug passion
Mashin' with Mr. Makaveli, so tell me
Which one of y'all niggas want the war to be civilized?
Ill as Killa Keise and I be cockin' in your enterprise
Criminalize, thoughts
When I be thinkin' draw fast, haul ass
When you see a nigga reachin' for what, the heater
Back streets I know, critically in Italy
Like Bellissimo
But down in Mexico, policio try to track me
Transform my Jersey army to some Killa' Cali
Khaki so Kadafi back me

[Verse 5: Yaki Kadafi]
Ehhhhhhhh yoooooo
They wanna strangle me and trap me
Angle to angle, blast me (ride on these bitches)
So you niggas can't match me (hehe)
When it comes to the chips (that's right)
We flip and cock back like a fifth
(Eh yo, Kadafi keep a gat on these, while I do it)

[Verse 6: 2Pac]
After the fire comes the rain, after pleasure there's pain
Even though we broke for the moment, we'll be ballin' again
Time to make it yo; my military be prepared for them bustaz
Similar to, niggas that scary, get too near me we rushin'
Visions of over-packed prisons, visions and niggas thug livin'
Pressures, three strikes, I hope they don't test us
They pull the heater ammunition in crates, ssshhh
Move without a sound, as we slide down, pistols in place
They got me fiendin' for currency, the money be callin'
It's like I'm - dreamin', seeing scenes of me ballin'
Participated in felonious behavior
Cock the cocked fo'-five, snatchin' niggas pagers
Labelled a mark soon as we start, it was hard to quit
We started out drinkin' 40's, moved to harder shit
God damn now I'm a grown man, I follow no one
Nigga got my own plan, WATCH ME, uh

[Outro 2Pac and Yaki Kadafi]
Ehhhhhhhhhhhh yooooooooo
Ooooooo oooooo
Get that money nigga
Yo nigga come here come here nigga
Come on come on, whassup whassup
Eh yooooooo
Yo niggas down the block, yo yo
Ehhhh yoooooo
That nigga Mu ridin' in a hot car
Yo that nigga Mu got a stolen car
Yo, eh yo, Mu got a stolen car, oh shit
Eh Mu, that nigga bout too, eh yo
Watch out, that nigga rollin' in stolen
Hhahahehehehahahahaha
Jersey style nigga (that's right nigga)
That nigga Mu crazy as fuck
That nigga Mu, rollin' in stolen
Nigga doin' donuts in the middle of the street
K diggity watch out watch out
Eh, yo K, hahahahehehe look at the nigga
Look at that, K drinkin' a gallon of fuckin' Tanqueray
That nigga ain't no fuckin' joke (motherfucker)
Eh K, eh Malcolm watch out the police, nigga
Policia, watch out nigga, you rollin' weed right in front of the fuckin' police
Stupid nigga hahahahahahaha
Eh yo Yak, you got weed?
I don't know man, I had some
Who got the strap
I lost, I lost the herb running motherfucker
Where the strap at nigga?
I got the strap
Eh yo who dat? Eh yo who dat, who dat? Eh yo who dat?
Watch out, watch out, watch out, watch out
Yo, yo, yo, eh yo, eh yo, eh yo
Eh, yo why you let that nigga come through the block?
Nigga not supposed to be down there
Eh, Malc come here, come here
Fuck wrong wit y'all niggas, man (hehe)
Eh yo, get money
Yo the next one mine yo, next one mine
You got that, you got that
Moneyyyyyyyyyyy
Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
Let me get down
I just came out here, nigga come on man
Hehe