[Chorus]
Mama she used to say - don't live by your knife
Mama she used to say - gotta get out the ghetto
Mama she used to say - money comes and goes
Mama she don't know - I gotta get mine whoah, gotta get mine

[Verse 1]
I'm living in the age of the chronic, 40 ounce & blunts
The type of dis a women all ah know ah stunts
Now I got to wear Versace just to get a girl to watch me
An it ain't no sunshine, how can I get mine?
Why I sell myself for modern day slavery
Now I'm doing LP's for 5cent royalties
Mama can ya save ya son? All these leeches over me
Feel like gathering my duns, getting all our guns
Count it down 3, 2, 1, come down Mad Lion!

[Verse 2: Mad Lion]
Yo yo roll mi spliff....what, yeah!
The night is young, we all got our guns
Who's down to go commit a robbery? A robbery...
I gotcha block on lock soliciting private stocks of trees
Direct in boat from the West Indies
Jamaica, experience it just break ya
Smoke it inna ya blunts, Philly leaves are ya paper
I tell it, into my sensimilla place, my bodega
Here I got all type of flavor
Distribution major, no dealer can match me equal
Niggas buy my mixes, sell it as dimes to the people

[Chorus]
Mama she used to say - don't live by your knife
Mama she used to say - gotta get out the ghetto
Mama she used to say - money comes and goes
Mama she don't know - I gotta get mine whoah, gotta get mine

[Verse 3]
When I was six I received my nines as a birthday gift
Pray ya Lord if ya see my nines
It's enough to make any grown man cry...
Now mama never tell me policeman would arrest me
Even thought I without approach me an den try ti waan me [?]
They hypocrites will swarming, recruit me to the army guy tell me
I found out these things by my lonely. Well, well
X amount of things lead to see ya get dead
Living on them greed ya get shot, knot them face
Man wanna lose them life an weh say willed argument
They body all up pulpit cement, well well

[Verse 4]
[?] get sense in a fucking situation
Everybody know say I man nev' run from provocation
The way things are run now the youth up inna possession
Fuck around an us [?] inna point on, black Talon