[Intro: Mos Def talking]
A lot of people wonder...a lot of speculation goin' on about...who's in control. Who is God? Who's on top of this thing? Am I God? Is God in me? Well I got the answer. Let 'em know. 'Bout to give it to y'all. Let 'em know oh oh. It goes like this

[Hook]
God make the world get up and move
God make the world go round
God make the moon rise high
God make the sun [?] Allah, a ha ha
We are, we are, the grand groove, grand groove
God make the world get up and move
God Allah make world the get up and move
Allah make the world, God make the world

[Verse One]
Yo check
All praise due to the Merciful and Beneficent
Sovereign universal dominate black element
That's the space, ancient like Sanskrit
Even though man made transmit my transcripts
And they can't be tamped with
Allah protect this
I make jams for crime clans and working class fams
And all y'all mans who eat aci with chams
And heads in the flats who dispatch the dollar vans
Young kids in badlands with great escape plans
Who eat most of they meals outta boxes and cans
Casualties and cutbacks of social programs
Dedicated
To all those who rode slave ships
Who screamed and cried but survived the ride
I know that my life is better cause you weathered the tide
Harder work on this side making truth magnify
Devils can't stop me, but they damn sure try
Shine the light on the Earth that receive and radiate
Ain't no surface I've seen that's too dense to penetrate
There are plans by many hands to make us deviate
So I speak on plates so that all good life regenerate
Baby ain't no time to deliberate
He put the wonder in the world let's activate
Let's activate, let's activate, let's activate
Cause

[Hook]

[Verse Two]

You know I ain't gotta lie to you
God made the world get up and move
You know I ain't gotta lie to you
God Allah made the world get up it's true
You know I ain't gotta lie to you
God made the world get up and move
You know I ain't gotta lie to you
God Allah made the world get up it's true
Yes you know I ain't gotta lie to you
God Allah made the world, Allah made it all
Allah made the world, Allah made it all
Allah made the world, Allah makes it all
Allah made the world, Allah controls it all
Allah makes the world, Allah controls it all
Allah made the world, Allah controls it all