(Mr. Eon)
Yeah uhh
What it look like? Mad Skillz
Uhh Mr. Eon (The Mighty Mos Def)
The Mighty Mos (the E.C. Rawkus connection)
Coast to coast (from '88 to '99)
What? What? What? What?

It's on fire tonight
Everything on my side is lookin' alright
It's high power original, b-boy traditional
Raw bass material, huh, when individual
True brand imperial you're hearin' on your stereo
Sit BACK, and listen, you ain't, in no position
To deal with my conditional mentally and physical
Strength is indivisible, crews be comin' pitiful
Speech be sound typical, downfall habitual
Ock, I'm not feelin' you; don't know what your label
Tellin' you or what magic beans they sellin' you
I can flow, you can't though, example
Of a cat who just a modern day Sambo (yeah)
Who be bitchi'n out to A&R demands so
You can collect your little petty cash advance HOE
You knock-kneed and sloppy, but not me
I'm I-N-D, E-P-E, N-D-E-N-T

[Chorus]
It was a jam at the center, and the party was shakin'
And the poppers was poppin', and the breakers was breakin'
And it won't be long til everybody know that
B-boys rock the document! (document)

Yo, yo, you on the injured, I'm hot to death
I'm foul, plus I'm winnin', you think I shot the ref?
Rock a vest if you out of turn speakin'
'Cause I'm right there like nightmares;
I catch MC's while they sleepin'
I'm back these rap cats is wildin'
Got 'em in the studio poppin' Valiums, remasterin' they album
I'm about to re-up and restructure the case
You stuck, you about to get rearranged and replaced
I got plans for this rap game (uh-huh)
Put your head in the toilet and look son
If you think my shit done changed
My shit is, out of your range, rip you out of your frame
Cop your tape, and the next day, copped an exchange
If you ain't, rockin' raw, what you rockin' for??
Without heat, y'all MC's, ain't hot no more
So for you lame cats tryin' to put your hit out
Try rockin' back and forth
It might be easier to get your shit out!

[Chorus]
I'm Jedi Master, Mase Windu, what you been through
Keep MC's heads wrapped like Erykah Ba-do
Hip-Hop's Cleon Jones, when Eon Jones
Wackest MC's, we pee on those
No need to impede The High and Mighty mystique
That shit would be as ignorant as Jimmy the Greek
Claimin' they Godzilla's when they really Godzooki
Got a mill' from Charlie Brown, when I kidnapped Snoopy
Eon, sale or performance, in any ordinance
Rhyme menace, that burst your verbal nuisance
In accordance, with all the laws from the cordless
Starbuck coming through, leavin any pimp whoreless
Stereo stompin' defeatin' me is like
Latrell chokin' up John Thompson, Charles Bronson
Had a Death Wish for this next to left shit
Leavin' all these hot air MC's breathless

[Chorus]
I said b-boys rock the document