[Intro - Mos Def]
Alright ugh, alright, you gotta slow down, I'm trying to
Aight, yo,I oh, I only took a little bit of Spanish, you gotta
Aight I hear what you're saying but yo, alright, okay
Alright okay, alright okay, okay
Alright okay, (I'm feelin you), okay
Alright okay, alright okay, okay
Alright okay, (I'm feelin you), yo

[Hook]
All my people in Brooklyn and you know we're hot, I say:
(We don't stop the Body Rock)
All my people in Queens, and the land in between, say we:
(Don't stop the Body Rock)
Shaolin and L-I, say you know we're fly, say we
(Don't stop the Body Rock)
From the East to the West, son, we take it to the chest say we
(Don't stop the Body Rock)

[Verse 1 - Mos Def]
Check me out y'all
I'm in the lab with Ab, I got the pen and pad
My man T-A-S-H take it to yo' breastplate
It's the Mighty Mos Def, complete the trilogy
Just shot myself a dime, see are you feeling me?
Son I'm wicked and nice when I'm on facility
Let me take a sec to review what I wrote
.. "Mos Def and does it sound far fetched?" OK it's dope
Let's record this ('cord this) they gonna award this (award this)
And all area crew is gonna applaud this {*clapping*}
And when we step to the plate Pah it's flawless
My man T-A-S-H with styles glory great
Great, great great, great great

[Tash]
Up next we got CaTash with that West coast rhyming
Bombing niggas with the style as dangerous as mountain climbing (ahhhhhhh)
Cause the Alkie words I'm spitting be twisting while you listening
Plus I'm in this motherfucker with the Likwit coalition (woo)
That'll leave you in position, twisted backwards like yoga
While you staring down my throat like, "Is he drunk or is he sober?"
(Who knows?!) All I know is Tash got flows (woo)
And got the technique to get the ladies out of they clothes
I been overly exposed to the forty-oh's and chickens
So I'mma keep it pumping til the beat stop kicking
Or til the plot thickens, cause this is how we do
CaTashtrophe, Mos Def, and the brother man Q!

[Q-Tip]
What's up Tash, hey yo, Tip can't call it
Sure as Mos is Def and you Alkaholik (right)
I'mma be surfing at, thing that's worth dealing (uh-huh)
Hypodermically, shoot up your feeling (uh)
Figuratively speaking, of course, now (right)
Old and greediness seeking it's course now (uh)
What we gonna do? Eradicate them
Shoot them from the jam, they be diseased phlegm

[Mos Def]
Tash Love... are you ready to rock the mic?
Q-Tip... are you ready to rock the mic!
Mos Def... are you ready to rock the mic?
We got the universal style that you got to like!
And ain't nobody steppin up when we got the mic
So turn the A.C. up cause it's hot tonight!
And til the bright early morn' we be rockin you all
Don't stop, the Body Rock!

[Tash]
Cause I'm next to flex, and I'm technically advanced
To turn you on like cybersex, so in less (uh) than two sec's (uh)
I blind MC's like Thomas Dolby with the Science that'll leave
They braincells fryin slowly (SCIENCE!) so slowly I flow and
Express written consent, from the undergroundin niggas
Coast II Coast I represent cause gettin bent, I do
But I'm doper than sherm plus the way I put it down
Could burn the perm off Big Worm, so peep this private screening
Of the Last Action Hero that be freezin rappers dead in they tracks
Like Sub Zero (Zero), cause Rico ain't no joke
I eat yo' flows and yo' beat up rappers even feel my presence
When I'm home with my feet up

[Mos Def]
Yo what you skied up or treed up?
Relax and pull a seat up, make your landlord turn the heat up
Got the opposition shook like Tiger Woods about to tee up
So niggas no competition with the clear Mos Definition
MC's screamin now for years can't rhyme without they mom's permission
You just a young'un comin out, gettin gassed to run your mouth
Wildin on the Runabout, Baby Pah you comin out
Barkin that you want a bout but son you know the comeabout
When Mos Def blow up and, you don't, nuttin
Don't you know nuttin? My crew go huntin
We keep it on the norm then we transform som'in
And while, we do it, you bounce to it
The cops wanna stop the Body Rock (but don't do it)

[Q-Tip]
DY-NO-MITE!!! Like Jimmy J.J
Slobbed down pen-ny, somewhere in L.A. (A)
Now we got to bond like Voltron (tron)
Tash you the bomb, Mos you the won ton (ton)
Q will pick the lead, I must drop on thee (thee)
A-B-S, I bust down, facility (ty)
T-R-A-C-T is the MC (cee)
It's the LL, inside the place to be (be)

[Mos Def]
Tash Love... are you ready to rock the mic?
Q-Tip... are you ready to rock the mic!
Mos Def... are you ready to rock the mic?
We got the universal brothers that you got to like!
Now ain't nobody steppin up when we got the mic
So turn your A.C. up cause it's hot tonight!
And til the bright early morn' we'll be rockin you all
(Don't stop, the Body Rock!)

All my people out in Queens that know you're hot, you say
(Don't stop, the Body Rock!)
All my people out in Brooklyn and you know we're hot, say
(Don't stop, the Body Rock!)
Shaolin to L-I and you know we're fly, said
(Don't stop, the Body Rock!)
All the people on the Greens and the land in between said
(Don't stop, the Body Rock!)

... no stoppin
... no stoppin
Out in Jersey ... no stoppin
Philadelp-i-I ... no stoppin
Chi Town gettin down ... the playgrounds
Detroit USA ... no stoppin
In Cali ... no stoppin
And the great V-A ... no stoppin
I sez, huh-huh huh-huh uh-huh-huh
Cause in the Brooklyn town ... no stoppin
And the Boogie Down ... no stoppin
L-I and Queens ... no stoppin
And you see Medina Greens ... no stoppin
You know we, Lyricist Lounge ... no stoppin
And my man Abstract ... no stoppin
Except we never do wack ... no stoppin
You don't stop, the Body Rock
D-dah, don't stop