[Intro: Mos Def]
Absolutely, just make it go...

[Verse 1: Mos Def]
We now dangerous, M. Def the flavorish
Big hip, lick ya lips, you can savor it
So refreshin, no regression, host a session
It's pro-black, pro-progressive, so affective
The 9th Wonder is a Lil' Bro collective
Black Dante, Mr. Phonte cold perfection
Warm soul on glow, not a neck on froze
Keep your stuff on go, 'fore I check these hoes
You fuck around and get it how it get mayne
K smack attack harder than ya pimp hand
My speaker box equinox like Coltrane
Killa K flow mayne need it in the dope game
Hairy gorilla combat, no Rogaine
And I make that ass drop like I'm Soul Train
I got soul mayne, heart and brains to match
I'm wit the Lil' Bro, what's fuckin wit dat??
I put my town on the map like a star..
Wit'out the car..
And I ride clean, and my thing bling..
..and you know exactly how I mean
9th Wonderful, so beautiful
So unusual, it's sho' plain
On your brain, in your body, in your soul
All my hopes show..reach the goal

[Verse 2: Rapper Big Pooh]
You'on't know about me, you'on't know my life
You'on't know everything I go through to write
You'on't know my plight, you'on't know my fight
And STILL, muh'fuckers wan' steal my light
That's right , I'm right back with a gripe that's sick
I done went another level, raise prices quick
Y'kno Big Dho told me, "Always rap wit a chip"
I'mma do you one better, son, I scribe wit a dip
That's borderline great that's best in all states
Fifty-plus some, dumb niggas, "Huh?"
If you "huh", you can hear me, I speak clearly
So my two sisters hear me, and Ronnie cheer me, sincerely
I carry heavy burdens on my back
Done, seen a lotta pain and my heart stay trapped
Brothers on the grind tryna get that scratch
'fore them pages get turned and your plans get scrapped!
We back to the hustle where they fightin over scraps
And your face get played cause you tryna watch your back
My man, seen many niggas go like that
This year, is real life no rewindin it back!

[Hook: Phonte]
Uh, uh. Let it go, better let it go
Just let it go, ah ah, let it go
They better let it go, they better let it go

[Verse 3: Phonte]
Let me talk to 'em, check it out..
Uh, it seem like, the more I achieve the more they expect
Cause it ain't nothin that breeds seeds like success
And though you might expect niggas to lose they cause
Or drop the ball, that nigga Tay ain't like the rest
I'm built a little bit different, my specs is more rigid
Phonte's the medicine, a fine black specimen
Of Afro engineering, wit'out no interference
To get it short, I'm more than just yo average rap nigga
Or whatever you wanna call it
Call it music, I call it my life performance
Call 'em fans, I call 'em my life supporters
Whether they payin or they sneakin through
These are the people that I'm speakin to
I speak to you, and this is the year that I'm gon'
Schiavo my rivals, nigga pull out the feedin tube
Cause y'all porch monkeys, that shake spears/Shakespeare's
And make a killin, my words worth worth a million
Phonte and LB the last temptation
Give a fuck if our shit is played on every station
So y'all rap niggas can't follow me up
You can't bottle me up, shit I'm the well of inspiration, nigga!

[Hook]
Let it go, ah ah, let it go
Better let it go, ah, just let it go
Pull it back, let it go, ah
And let it flow like...