Intro
[Ice Cube]
A message to the Oreo cookie:
No matter how much you want to switch, here’s what they think about you

[man]
“You gold teeth, gold chain wearing, fried chicken and biscuit eating monkey, ape, baboon, big thigh, fast running, high jumping, spear chucking, three-hundred-and-sixty-degree basketball dunking, titsun, spade, Moulan Yan. go the fuck back to Africa. go the fuck back to Africa. go the fuck back to Africa.”

[Esé Michael the Mighty Maverick]
All falls down

[radicule.]
Cultural Deities

Verse [Esé Michael the Mighty Maverick]
Dirt of the ground: human being
Fear God, sex, and we eat
Free will perplex even me
Secular poetry tangle up my feet
Pleasure and release, erected to beat
One little death when I bred little me
Cultivate, procreate, grow little seed
Slowly cut your teeth
Sunlight and all, love and God I bequeath, non discreet
The math was too gorgeous
Sloppy and anointed
Man and his partner dos-à-dos at arms length
Bunking with my thoughts
Phallus feel my heartbeat
Fallacy of darkness, I still saw the stars then
Growing more alarmed because I noticed that my pace
Has me moving faster than I wanted by the day
I’m pushing on alone and there's no one in my face
I'm so far behind could have sworn I was first place
What the fuck I look like tryna rep a set?
Banging on my chest, screaming Cuh Rip
My melanin popping so I know that if im pressed
I'm guaranteed to have a Nike check all on my neck, cop a vest
I'm just trying to feed my daughter better meals
But age comes with taste, you afraid? bad deal
We're angus and we’re forced to share these cages with the veal
Code switch to pig Latin, a hog says to squeal
Niggas carry two cents, joie de vivre, nonsense
Going postal like it's a noble offense
Niggas bitch and moan like they’re thinking in a broad sense
They sing in a broad sense, get paid and they’re off shit, the art's bents
Im not trying to break my bread in the convent
Outfit red wine soaked and I'm starving
Checking out my race before I rent the apartment
Talib when I’m here but I'm still a novice
Northeast foggy, two flats in the province Flatten out 63, pave over projects
Busted every house down where my grandma lived
Black part of town turned to a parking lot quick
Niggas really dead to y'all before they are departed
Money really lives right in you niggas hearts, man
This where is falls apart at, all bad
And I can't even get a call back
Unless I got a bag waiting in the process and all that
If we fall back then somebody gonna draw back
I'm sick of niggas calling
I'm sick of niggas stalling
And matter-of-fact, I'm sick of talking, Cuz

Bridge [Jordan Paine]
My grandmama was raised on a reservation
My great grandmama was sold on plantation
They sang songs for inspiration
Songs for relaxation
Songs to take their minds up off that fucked up situation
I am, yes, I am the descendant
Of those folks, who, backs for broke
Who fell down inside the gun smoke
Chains on their ankles and feet
I am descendant of the builders of your street
Tenders to your cotton money
I am hip-hop
I am rock n’ roll

Outro:
[child]
Wait!
This is very hard, doing these things
We’re going to rock n’ roll
Ahh! We need it faster
Yes! This is too slow

[woman]
You have to go faster!

[child]
Okay

[woman]
The guitar doesn’t go faster. You go faster!

[child]
I...

[woman]
*laughes*