[Hook: Georgia Anne Muldrow & Yasiin Bey]
When I'm down, I just draw some roses
On a pretty piece of paper
With my red Stabilo Pencil
So halfway through, I feel so much better (Fresh!)
I imagine happiness, and it runs right to me, such amazing beauty (Why!)
You don't have to (No necessary), cut up no roses (Be easy, chopper)
Please just leave them living (just cool, let creation grow)
Got my pencil (Check one), got pretty paper (Check two, check it out)
Please don't worry we're forgiven

[Verse 1: Georgia Anne Muldrow & Yasiin Bey]
(Power and grace, let's move!)
I have found, just the perfect feelin (And it starts the true sensation)
Finally cause I'm grateful (Gratitude and my attitude, this morning)
I can feel your spirit (Feel it), coming closer on me (Ev-ery-way!)
It is grand (Yes), just to be reminded (Good God, money reminisce over you, for real!))
Reminded of the good things (Good things, good things, good things)
Living in a new day (New day, bright star), that no one can tear down (Undeniable!)
You don't have to (No necessary), cut up no roses (Be easy on the cut!)
Please just leave them living(just ease, let creation grow)
Got my pencil (Check one), got pretty paper (Check two, check it out!)
Please don't worry we're forgiven

[Verse 2: Mos Def]
Power and grace
Yellow for friendship, red for love
Black for the universal stars above
Pink buds that I bought her on Valentine
She said it was forever then she changed her mind
I said a little prayer then I cleared my eyes
Cause I feel the draw on my heartstrings, drawing the line
Started off with a orchid, natural portrait
I ain't Picasso but that ain't important
Faith, smart dude never graduated at art school
Stay tuned I'm a show you how my art move
Shape and dimension flow and extension
Symmetry shade, blowin' out the frame
Sign off my name Dante when I'm finished
Put it to your memory for permanent exhibit
Love, hard work and it's worth every minute
Abstract is still life real life kinetic

[Georgia Anne Muldrow & Yasiin Bey]
Got my pencil (Check one), got pretty paper (Check two, check it out)
Please don't worry we're forgiven (Power and grace to creation)
You don't have to (No necessary), cut up no roses (Be easy, chopper!)
Please just leave them living

[Hook:Georgia Anne Muldrow & Yasiin Bey]
When I'm down, I just draw some roses (Magnectic art!)
On a pretty piece of paper (Fresh!)
With my red Stabilo pencil (Translation, ha!)
So almost through (Next stop), I feel so much better (Destination)
I imagine happiness, and it ran right to me, such amazing beauty (Why!)
Got my pencil (Check one), got pretty paper (Check two, check it out!)
Please don't worry we're forgiven
You don't have to (No necessary), cut up no roses (Be easy)
Please just leave them living...