[Intro]
Kemuri, rock the sound, you know the vibe, baby
And DJ Krush he get down, word up, you know the vibe, baby
And [?] get down, you know the vibe, baby
But Mos Def keep the crown (Representin' Brooklyn!) you know the vibe, yo

[Verse 1]
From all borders, doorways and gates
Resurrection draw near as mankind awaits
When you're living in this world you got to survive
Shaitan is lookin' on alert, attackin' from all sides
Witness before all eyes, the evidence of unseen
The power past the comprehension that controls all things
The battle fought by good and evil is a real contest
It is the outcome of the struggle that we play context
To all sets, sections, corny cliques, crews and clans
Gilgreens to Badlands, jump up to understand
I'm just a man, not the universal architect
We tread the face of this heavenly place, and show respect
Tokyo, raise your hands, where you at?
Osaka, raise your hands, where you at?
Choushi wa dou dai? Nagoya, Sapporo, Isen/dai
DJ Krush, Mos Def on the touch, we let it fly
I send my salaam to my entire squad
Meiso hard, yo, wherever you are, stay on your job
Strugglin' hard, to overcome the perils of life
We writing rhymes on enemy lines to shine light
Stay in meditation to keep the head right
Spreading wings like heavenly things, we take flight

[Hook]
Everything gon' be alright, everything gon' be alright
And you got to believe
Everything gon' be alright, everything gon' be alright
And you got to believe
Everything gon' be alright, everything gon' be alright
I said you got to believe, I said you got to believe, yo bust it, baby!

[Verse 2]
Me and Krush, we politickin', buildin' on this money mission
[?] somethin' so I had to stop and listen
And time forever tickin', my [?] forever cliquin'
I'm tryin to get mine, cause son, it's here for the gettin'
Allah's provision will help us in the providential
My pad and pencil will transcribe the elemental
The raw essential, the Southbound residential
The pure and simple to resonate in your mental
I flash a dimple, my [?] shine like precious metal
Left the rah-rah livin' alone, about to settle
Fast act tryin' to gas, slow down and save your petrol
Cause the beat don't stop, like yellow cabs in the metro
Free voice your verse to earth as the verse to next
This is a daily operation like birth to death
And I burst the breath, yep, as a so-called vet
I've orchestrated designs while they slept, quietest kept
Everything that you heard in advance is just a glance
Of the landscape, [?]
Sunsets and cheap thoughts, backdrops of pure skill
At night, I do right to excite what truth reveal
Got to believe, that the Most High I see
Every degree, of this three-see-ix to -y
We maintain, son, and carry on officially
From troubled projects to the shores of Tripoli
I speak prolifically, I write reciprocally
Transmit upliftedly, it sounds terrific, G
Allah has gifted me with great ability
To speak to my beloved, and make em all love it
Refined, rugged, a product of the ghetto public
Allah is the King of the world, we just subjects
Allah is the King of the world, we just subjects
Allah is the King, Allah is the King

[Hook]
Everything's gon' be alright, everything's gon' be alright (x4)

[Shoutouts]
To Kemuri, they get-get down and-
To DJ Yaz, he get-get down and-
To DJ Hide, he get-get down and-
To DJ Kensei, he get-get down and-
To DJ Hazu, he get-get down and-
To DJ [?], he get-get down and-
To DJ Patrick, he get-get down and-
To Sukimuri, they get-get down and-
To Kaminari, they get-get down and-
And Sosohino, he get-get down and-
To [?], he get-get down and-
And Sosodemo, he get-get down and-
And [?], he get-get down and-
And Sosotwiggy, he get-get down and-
DJ Takemura, he get-get down and-
[?], they get-get down and-

Nippon, said you got it goin' on (say what?)
Nippon, said you got it goin' on (say what?)
Nippon, said you got it goin' on, said you got it goin' on, said you got it goin' on, LOVE!