[Skit]
"Alright guys, good shit today at the label. I think it went well."
"Yo, I’m tired as hell."
"Yeah, well we got a long ass ride home so try to get some sleep on the bus."
"We’ll try to."
"We got a show tomorrow so make sure you get that rest, alright? Before you miss that bus, the last one tonight. Try not to sleep at my house."

[Verse 1]
Ay, check the plans out
We work hard, I ain’t asking for a handout
If I hit the booth, I don’t have to pass the grams out
And be the well when the other thoughts ran out
They say they lost words. I got them puzzled like the cross-word
Harvard, I’m nuts George Washington Carver
But you can never pay a boss peanuts
If it gets messy, be prepared for the cleanup
But this thing called success is so strange
Because you can get notoriety and still ride the train
Make it in its entirety and search for the fame
But I’m still Michael Phelps, swimming in my lane
Where’s Lois? Me, I’m Superman, here to save the day
Or at least I thought I was, till I
Flew in to save her and I met my opponent
I’m fighting with myself, don’t offer the condolence
I’m dreaming

[Hook]
We chasing the dream
So what is life? The diamonds and the gleam
Get a job while I’m doing it, promise to stay true in it
Doing it, but never let another soul ruin it
And things ain’t what it seem
Make money to spend it, I got my scheme
Work hard while we doing it, promise to stay true to it
Doing it, but never let another soul ruin it

[Verse 2]
It's too haunting, the task is daunting
Trying to get the labels on board while flaunting
But let’s make some music, make some money, get the rides
European ties, have models for wives
Sometimes I feel fated to pretend
Unsafe, 'cause my crib is far from gated in
I’m a relic, believe slightly the psychedelic
If I could take off, would you consider me angelic?
Hysteric, I’m the subject and the predicate
They hating on me, tell me where’s the etiquette
If you Goliath, I don’t need to prove I’m better than
I play David, I’m a fourth year letter man
So Letterman, can’t you hear me knocking on the door?
Hard to breathe at this altitude where oxygen is poor
Think Benz, I don’t know what Pontiac means
And this is what happens when an insomniac dreams

[Hook]