[Intro: Chiddy]
Hi U.K. Y'all feeling good? Okay. I don't know if y'all ever seen us do this before, like you know, freestyle on the spot, but this is an exclusive in every sense of the word. Shout out to Axis for coming up with this, you know, for giving me the template to do what I do. I've got an exclusive Xaphoon beat, and uh, I'mma just go in real quick. Okay, yeah. Let me see, I'mma take my time. Let me see if I can do it. Uh, ayo

[Verse: Chiddy & (Xaphoon Jones)]
Young Chiddy freestyle yeah I got it
A young boy quick and I get knowledge
A shorty named Axis said rap about college
I got a couple things up in my wallet
But back to it, yo you not hot as me
I got a whole lot of intellectual property
I keep flowing off the top of my mind
And Xaphoon on the beats he keep me all on my grind
But back to it, back to it, nobody hot as us
You want to know my name, I remain anonymous
Yeah, man, you can't honor us
You got to honor us and tell them they catch take the bus
Chiddy back on it, yeah man I'm the man
And you don't understand, I've got a bigger plan
I'm the man in here
I've got some sandwiches
Bitch fingers, bitch fingers, flow lingers
I don’t care I’m a rapper dog no singer
But back to it though, ay yo it’s okay
Yeah Xaph go okay
Chiddy go and do it going off like a rifle
And this word right here it says trifle
But it’s okay man, tower like an Eiffel
And I don’t care man holy shnikles
I’mma make it all up, I’m the one they call up
I’m the one you don’t understand, they trust all us
But let me read it, yeah let me read it
It’s a freestyle I think the people really need it
Yo, they said who spit this sick?
I’m in the UK, so I’mma get some fish and chips
Uh, get some fish and chips, you know I does that
Spit it slow yeah, I know they love that
Yo Chiddy goin’ do it he just change it up
Chiddy right? Bang it up
Do some laundry and tell them hang it up
They can’t hang with us, they can’t hang with us
But we gonna adjust it, you know I’m in my zone
Tell them drag like Sherlock Holmes
I’m an animal enclosed
And I don’t care ‘cause I’m an animal with flows
Try to find me like Nemo, bald like chemo
Off of the top, getting chips like casino
Xaph Al Pacino, Chiddy I’m DeNiro
Yeah, I’m a hero they a zero and
You ain’t hot as I, you can’t stop it guy
I freestyle in the reception up in Spotify
Yeah, how I qualify
Okay, okay, yo
I get crazy, I get wavy
Freestyle all the time back to it baby
But Chiddy goin’ do it might cop a few checks
Might mess with some blondes, might mess with brunettes
Yes, that’s what happens
Uh, we stay back to rapping
And I’m spitting insane, you know I’m getting the brain
Probably on blogs then, what it’s called? Pigeons and Planes
I’mma keep it going
I’mma keep it flowing man, they is not knowing
Before we go crazy you know what it means
But Xaph I’mma need you to change the beat
Change the beat up real quick, change the beat up real quick
I’mma freestyle sick, I’mma never ever quit
Yeah, yeah, yeah man we do a lot of press
And I sip a lot of – so I’m never ever stressed
But, what, I’m Johnny Depp
I go in debt my flow is so yes
And they are so no, Chiddy my name Chidera
Feeling revolutionary like I’m Che Guevara
Oh I take it down though, I gotta spit it though
I’m thinking ‘bout money, I gotta get it though
Yeah, stop the pollution
And I’m rapping ‘bout the French Revolution
Bring it back, bring it back, bring it back, oh
What you got right here Xaph?
Chyeah, oh, uh
I’mma think about something real quick
Yeah, oh right, chyeah
Ay yo I got this, drop six, freestyle hot ish
Coming up with all of these topics
I’mma spit it though, hold up
Wiz Khalifa we roll up
But I swear swear on the track I hurt you
Talking ‘bout these Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
And I’m looking at it, I think I’m good at it
I keep on rapping ‘cause I’m a rap addict
But young Chiddy could you tell me what the plan though?
Up in U.K. I’m ‘bout to go and hit the Nandos
Xaph got crazy flows, Xaph got crazy beats
And listen I don’t care, I maybe speak
Real talk though Chiddy got flow though
‘Bout to do a show though tonight at the Yo-Yo
Yeah, at the Yo-Yo, okay, at the Yo-Yo
I think I got like, two words left
Maybe three man I don’t stress
But Chiddy goin’ do it watch me change clothes
And what the heck’s a double rainbow?
What the heck’s a double rainbow?
I’m feeling like I just hit the end of the rainbow
That could mean a pot of gold, Chiddy got a lot of flow
I don’t even know but spitting man I gotta go
Yo Xaph give ‘em one more beat for the road, for the road
You know what you should do? Play the horn track (I don’t have it)
Oh, oh you don’t have it?
Why don’t you got that?
Man tell them they should stop that
Come through with the car and the top back
Alright, okay okay Chiddy in the U.K
Chiddy in the U.K
Chiddy in the U.K
See I was just looking at that one list, but now I’mma just go to the other list ‘cause I think, you know, I have spit everything on there. Oh! On the first list though. Okay
Ayo they love that, I spit the flow yeah it does that
Yo shorty said rap about the Rugrats
So I’mma do that
Yo Chiddy rhyme for hours and this is my super power
But back to it, back to it, back to it
I don’t care ‘cause rap fluid, yeah I just do it
Chiddy gonna spit it, I’m chilling out in England
When I go on it man I’m colder than a penguin
Damn, I freeze ‘em
And all the hatred, yeah I don’t need ‘em
Right there is probably where I would leave ‘em
Chyeah, gotta believe ‘em man
Chiddy got no drama, shout to Obama
Matter fact I gotta say big shout my Mama
I’m freestyling off the top right now
Probably ‘bout to catch a flight right now
Yo, ay yo they stay tripping, shorties they stay wishing
Duck on ‘em like they Kendrick Perkins and I’m Blake Griffin
That’s a topic, on some other ish
Yo Xaph, that’s my brother quick
Yo, I’m steady stunting, I’m never fronting
My tour manager in the side, his name Duncan
(Wooh!) Yeah, we does that
Spotify and Chiddy Bang they gotta love that
Uh!

[Outro: Chiddy, Xaphoon Jones, and (Host)]
Wooh! That’s a freestyle. Yeah, you know that was, that was a little attempt at a little something something. I mean I literally just saw this, you know, a couple of minutes ago, so there’s no preparation. Xaph played me a couple beats
Yeah that was like two original beats and that last beat was from out album that comes out on March 5th, so if you like the last one, you can listen to it on Spotify. Don’t buy it!
(Thanks guys, that was great and they actually actually got almost every single word that was on this we’ll also play this as well.)
Yeah! Circulate it. Let ‘em see us
It’s impressive if you know what’s on the list
Yeah, this is like 80 words on here so they like what is he doing? But it’s on here
(I’m impressed you talked about Sherlock Holmes in drag.)
Yeah man!
I just, I just did what I was told, you know
(Thank you guys I really appreciate it. Thank them for having us!)
Thank you for having us, yes, shout out to you. Appreciate ya!