[Intro: Left Eye +  Mr. Drick ]
Excuse me while I whip this out

Cherry Cherry, my favorite flavor 
Don't "Cherry" me
Come on baby 
Yeah okay
You still on that? 
Still on what?
That ill stuff, you know what I'm saying? 
Look, I have come to the realization that you really don't care about my needs okay
Come on baby, that ain't even true 
Now sing for me 

[Chorus]
Cherry Cherry girl you know you’re fine
I'm gonna love you till the end of time
Cherry Cherry girl you look so sweet
Don’t you know that you’re my everything

[Verse 1: Left Eye +  Mr. Drick ]
You broke out in the middle of June the afternoon
Say that tune didn’t know that you’d be back so soon
As a matter of fact I want you back
Need you back but you just don’t know how to act


I can't front, I play the high road 
Now I regret like hell that I would ever let you go 
Now back in tune, baby blame it on the moon 
You know that I'm a Pisces, astrology ooh 

[Verse 2: Left Eye +  Mr. Drick ]
Mmm what you know about ortho-rotational
On the high and low how the planets flow
Maybe you should head for the stars and get back to Mars
You’re friends from afar and

Come on Cherry, now you know it ain't that deep 
This is me, your world, baby I'm the air that you breathe 

Hmmm if that’s what you expect me to believe
I guess we just forget about the times you leave

[Chorus]
Cherry Cherry girl you know you’re fine
I'm gonna love you till the end of time
Cherry Cherry girl you look so sweet
Don’t you know that you’re my everything

[Verse 3: Left Eye +  Mr. Drick ]
You already know from on the downlow
I met Mr. Jones up in Chicago
Imagine me a star in the shark bar
Don’t want no Cristal forget caviar
The waiter pulled the menu read the wine list
He offered me cherries and a chocolate kiss

Now when you get your butt bit tryna swim with the sharks 
Coming back to me should be the easy part 
Cause I ain't gon' trip about where you been or what you did 
I only care about you getting back with me kid 

Oh so when you say go time to rock and roll
Hate to stop the clock but I’m in control
Even though I have no commitment
I won’t submit to serving go hit men

Yeah you on the mound now 
Playing dirty tryna toss a low pitch 
I guarantee your whole world with just one hit 

[Chorus]
Cherry Cherry girl you know you’re fine
I'm gonna love you till the end of time
Cherry Cherry girl you look so sweet
Don’t you know that you’re my everything

[Break: Left Eye +  Mr. Drick ]
So what was all that huh?
Ya hit and run
I can knock it out the park 
Yeah I'mma tell you what need to be hitting home
Come on baby listen 

[Verse 4: Left Eye +  Mr. Drick ]
You're about five-foot-one 
Cocoa complected, ton of fun 
After you boo there can never be another one 
*Who makes my heart beat like you do 
Everyday I sent you twelve red roses with a card that says 
"I love you" 

Don't ya find the time to relax ya mind
Alligator, I see you later down the line
See if you don't stop and my records drop
I suggest you just meet me at the top
Now you don't have to climb that mountain alone 
Look, all I ever wanted was a happy home
Well lights, camera, action cause Cherry it's on 
Aight don't get mad when Jones answer the phone

[Chorus]
Cherry Cherry girl you know you’re fine
I'm gonna love you till the end of time
Cherry Cherry girl you look so sweet
Don’t you know that you’re my everything

[Outro: Left Eye +  Mr. Drick ]
You know you're my favorite flavor 
Yeah
Huh, you know I like that cocoa skin baby 
I don't know, I can't remember the last time you tasted it
It ain't about the last time it's about the next time 
You know what I'm saying? 
Yeah, but there ain't no such thing as time
You know what I'm saying?
Because now is the past, the past was the present
Come on baby, there you go getting deep again 
It's me now, come on now, stay real, keep it real 
What's up? 
Aye, it could be me and you
Could be 
Could be
You gon' work out 
Work it out 
Uhh
Work it out 
Why don't you call me tonight
I could do that 
I'll try to answer the phone
You could, try to answer the phone now 