[Intro]
Here we go y'all
Here we go
Here we go y'all
Here we go

[Hook: Locksmith + sample]
Can I kick it? ("Yes you can")
Can I kick it? ("Yes you can")
Can I kick it? ("Yes you can")
Go

[Verse 1]
They say we living in a generation that's full of gentrification
A gender based agenda is a genuine indication
Bicker back and forth about who controls the premisses, but it's all stolen land from the native people indigenous
The remnants of a reverend is irrelevant
They justify the "why" through cinematic embellishments
Then we let elitists mislead us
The buffer?
Turn working class whites against all people of color
We suffer the same affliction through economic restrictions
Focus on skin tone while their pockets have since grown
It's known; the black and white concept is just a myth
Until they could profit from it race didn't exist
From the current face of a felon to the state that we fell in
To the fabrication and bait after Bacon's Rebellion it was telling
They won't stop until the spectrum is stretched
Til we see our selves as one, we can never progress

[Hook: Locksmith + sample]
Can I kick it? ("Yes you can")
Can I kick it? ("Yes you can")
Can I kick it? ("Yes you can")
Well, I'm gone

[Verse 2]
Imagine if I came to your home as a houseguest
Murdered your whole family before the food could digest
Waited a hundred years to make an unlawful pack then put your grandfather's face on a baseball hat, helmet or jersey
Early sign of a corporate influx
Separate church and state but state in god we trust
On the back of your paper deity
How do we break free of thee superficially made handcuffs they hand us
Not saying dwell on the past make em pay from a far but you can't expect us to heal and not acknowledge the scars
Back in college I saw the vast majority of the frats and sororities go in debt
Still the masses applaud
No passion at all. Depending on weather you act or you pause
It's like we pay to got to school to get a job to pay for school
The pace is cruel
If we do pay it off we have to go to a therapist and try to repair the mental damage it caused

[Verse 3]
They want us to deport the Mexicans, block the Middle East, prostitute the Youth and shoot poor people in the streets
The fortunate repeat pull your bootstraps, but the leather has been weathered get tethered after a few laps
And whether do you do act or fall back it's still strenuous
Most of us know this but the motives are disingenuous this continuous lack of admission is why we rap with conviction and break our backs to close the gap that you swim in
Every rappers opinion, basically fed to them
They want to recite the same hype like a Teleprompter was read to them
Non-responsive, I'm dead to them
My subconscious is lead brewing
I remember the time when we were considered less than human
Three clicks from 3/5s
People are quick to judge still claiming that he riffs but still
There's no way to un-reap these
My family are immigrants; does that make me a sub-species?

[Outro: Locksmith + sample]
Can I kick it? ("Yes you can")