[Verse 1]
How do I fix my mouth to say I’m sorry?
And all we saw was the flashing lights
The tire marks, the body parts by the traffic lights
The sweat from his mothers brow
The sense of disbelief and all the grief that you suffered to lose your oldest child
The stone walls and the phone calls of pity
The faux pas and the four walls that fall on the city
The flocks of family members that send your their best regards
And the faith you can’t escape and that got you questioning god
Like—how do we find ourselves here?
What do we represent for?
How do we wipe the slate clear?
What do we do to ensure
That in stores are bit more a torment or resent for?
How do you look the dudes in the face
The bullets were probably meant for?
Mentors are useless, the police are spiteful
One less stress about, they sentiment's delightful
A pipe full of candy that comes in handy how niggas eat
More than just me rappin it’s really happenin’ on Fleming Street

[Hook]
I said it’s more than just me rappin it’s really happenin’ on Feming Street
This where the killers meet, this where the dealers beat
More than nigga scrappin , they really clappin to fucking eat
You ain’t gotta listen, you ain’t me gotta know me
This is how it’s been how it always gonna be
This is how it is it’s forever gonna be
Forever gonna be

[Verse 2]
How do you take advantage when you’re young and wild
Running foul and careless?
Fuck what they was yelling, rebelling against our parents
Moved away in high school though I choose to wallow
To the shy dude that I knew killing my school with a ralo
Instead they started shooting instead of fighting
Started to hide in, writing it down in my mental journal, external lightness
Well my father made it harder though the harshness had me bothered
I was caught up I was brought up never to follow
And how do you leave the place you love, how do you find your solace
How do you take advantage of living a life of carnage?
Honest, started yelling in despair, yelling yourself be prepared
Smelling the air—how the hell is this fair?
And niggas still moving powdered rock, every hour cowards pop
That’s the reason my city’s known for liquor stores and flower shops
This ain’t Glock with them little niggas and killers meet
More than just a fraction it’s really happenin on Feming Street

[Hook]
I said it’s more than just me rappin it’s really happenin’ on Feming Street
This where the killers meet, this where the dealers beat
More than nigga scrappin , they really clappin to fucking eat
You ain’t gotta listen, you ain’t me gotta know me
This is how it’s been how it always gonna be
This is how it is it’s forever gonna be
Forever gonna be

[Verse 2]
Ye..
And I overheard the screams from the front room was listening by the hallway
An argument to determine where we would all stay
My mother wants to leave the hood she said it’s all to blame
My father wants to stay ’cause he’s not accustomed to change
We need time to save and you're always ready to spend
She said, what about your son , what if something happens to him, huh?
Could you forgive yourself just knowing what was lacking?
That’s all she needed to say, the next day we started packing
Packing up our sorrows, packing up a car load
Packing up our yesterdays and looking towards tomorrow
And although I’m grown it stil hurts and it shows
I can never turn my back it’s the only home that I know so..
What’s happenin’ lil cuz? I’m still in deep shock
We came a long way from playing by that green box
The same spot where them older niggas and killers meet
You left us all but your spirit still on Fleming Street
You left us all but your spirit still on Fleming Street
This where the killers meet, this where the dealers beat
More than niggas rappin it’s really happenin’ on Feming Street