Annuit Coeptis Novus Ordo Seclorum scribbled on his back as he orchestrated a forum
Of high treason his eyes bleeding his mind fleeting protected by the branch in
His right claw feeding. Eating off the souls of the youth beautifully built a
Bird. He said we praise Azazel and anually meet at Builderburg. And I can feel
His words piercing through my head I couldn't see his flesh cause his body was
Lead. Wed to his mother Isis his brother was Horus the stench from David Lynch
Impregnated her forest. The chorus from the Fresh Prince's theme song ringed on
Til his knees locked and took the shape of a peacock. Mc's flock to his presence
To kiss his feathers then he left him for dead like Russian and Carl Wheathers
In all fairness thats the squareness they rely on the masses still trapped
Inside the cyclone. They spinning out

They screaming out. To the masses taking lashes from they masters they yelling
Out. They screaming out. Blood sacrifice welcome to the after life. N****
Walking dead as they beg to come back to life

Forbidden scriptures and abandoned laws. They said pike is the likeness of
Mordern Santa Claus. A Scottish rite from a god that's white satanic claws
Symbolic plights and demonic bites from mechanic jaws. Romantic broads put an
Emphasis on the 2nd month and Constantine used religion to spread the devils
Hunch. So you ain't gotta step foot inside of the ghetto once to see what they
Been plotting in deeper then we could ever clutch. Whatever lust you desire they
Find a sin lodged. They won't be happy until we acknowledge them god. These are
The hymns of fallen Jin. The memoirs of Nimrod. Tracking devices inside ur SIM
Card. The all seeing eye-phone they use to spy on the masses of the people
Consumed inside of this cyclone. If poems can challenge what u rely on then find
Another bed to go on. They screaming out

They screaming out. To the masses taking lashes from they masters they yelling
Out. They screaming out. Blood sacrifice welcome to the after life. N****
Walking dead as they beg to come back to life