[Verse 1]
Look, they say the hood got a death wish
They say the cops got a fresh list
They say we suffering from deafness
But corporations see us all as investments
I say the truth takes precedent
But if you talk about God they act hesitant
But if you talk about love then you're a specimen
Cite them all and they use it to your detriment
Everything is personal, nothing is irreversible
Classrooms are dead, but every week the church is full
That's how they funnel out the poorest
Another ceremony for the florist
Force us to sleep, you swimming out of the deep
End try to extend the lifestyle you seek
Reaching for the carrot, in front of you, they dangle
You better find another angle

[Hook]
You cool?
You cool?
And I ain't gon' sit and say what you want to hear
I'mma just keep coming in front of here
I ain't gon' sit and say what you want to hear
I'mma just keep coming in front of here

[Dave Chappelle]
And white people be like, "Oh my God, Honey did you see this? Apparently the cops have been beating up negros like hot cakes. It's in the main issue."

[Verse 2]
Yeah, but if you call them a racist they call you a racist
It's baseless, no words that you know
The rapist can not judge the rapee
Morally he's in no position to do so
If you spoke out of turn, the term is terminate
A permanent hot bed where germs can permeate
A platform that lacks form, and every black born in the state of duress is that torn
But I'm scorned if I speak out, nobody'll reach out
What about the shit that teachers don't teach 'bout
I want a family of five with a beach house, but the stains from the past ain't easily bleached out
So if it ain't 'bout the clout, then it's probably 'bout the cash
If it ain't 'bout the race, then it's probably 'bout the class
They separating us one way or another
That's your angle? You better find another

[Hook]
You cool?
You cool?
And I ain't gon' sit and say what you want to hear
I'mma just keep coming in front of here
I ain't gon' sit and say what you want to hear
I'mma just keep coming in front of here

[Dave Chappelle]
I saw this once when I was a rookie. Apparently this nigga broke in and hung up pictures of his family everywhere. Well... let's sprinkle some crack on him and get out of here