[Verse 1: Locksmith]
Such a beautiful setting, life's good
My music's finally spreading
Looking back on the time when I wasn't getting the recognition deserved but I'm hanging on by a threading
I'm letting go of the guilt and the pain that I once carried, could've been a victim myself but escaped barely
I, rarely make excuses, look what he endured, my girl left the same week I had to leave on tour. Damn
And they say that it's perfect timing just think of all the women you'll meet in them cities rhyming
But I'm lying if I said I was over it right away cause everything you do in dark comes out in the light of day
I had to readjust my thoughts, put me first. I lost myself and my relationship, it could be worse
But instead he works with more passion than I started with, rather say it now than resent you because I harbored it
Guarded by my goals, blinded through what I'm searching for, lost a couple friends but it's something more that I'm working towards
Certain rewards that you get when you just forget to care, chasing down someone that's chasing something that isn't there
And to myself that just isn't fair we all deserve to be happy, I mean who isn't scared?
This for my niggas still with me that's bearing this, what good is having success when there's no one to share it with?

[Hook: Branden Blair]
So long, so long, how do I stay so long?
No matter what it takes hold on
No matter what it takes go on

[Verse 2: Locksmith]
And it feels like it's more than I can handle, so what am I suppose to do when life loops like a sample?
And I throw away my crutch
And I try to clutch when it's cancelled
Nothing left there but despair, no one's substantial
And people only see what they want to see
When they want to, I try not to judge
Cause you never know what they're going through
Going through what is possibly just a phase
Are these rappers better than me?
I would contemplate it for days
I stayed in my place unaware of the damage
When you loyal to a fault, some people will take advantage
I, managed to get out of the deal I was once in, so what makes you think I would rush to do it again?
If I ever look back, that's the moment I stumble
There's a very thin line between insecure and humble, huh
Between cocky and confident
But I'm still here so I take both as a compliment

[Hook: Branden Blair]
So long, so long, how do I stay so long?
No matter what it takes hold on
No matter what it takes go on
So long, so long, how do I stay so long?
No matter what it takes hold on
No matter what it takes go on