In a moment's notice I noticed this hopelessness beneath me. Discreetly, put it
All in focus see its woven deeply. Indeed we never see ourselves as others do or
Discover you might've not turned out as the person some would view it's a
Struggle too. But I think uniquely. It's a enough chew when they f*** you as a
Youth they couldn't reach me. Like a public school with a substitute when it's
Nothing new to teach me. But I suffered through what they substitute and the
Lack of truth they feed me. But I must desert the data. How do i deserve this
Favor? When I found my purpose greater. How the f*** my cousin beat cancer just
To get murdered later. You can't define this logic inside of mine I lodged it
Designed and confined in the projects no sign of a dime or prospects. And they
Say I need to keep my mouth closed but I grew up in a mother f****** mouse hole
I used to think that my talent would set me free til I saw myself from the view
That an outsider would see

It's much more than these outsiders can see. I look inside and it's even bigger
Than me
It's much more than these outsiders can see. I look inside and it's even bigger
Than me


And I can barely keep my eyes open. I project success but deep inside broken. I
Used to think that this industry was for me til I saw the game from the view
That an insider would see. And I could never turn my back but I'm in this
Disguise under the pretense that we tense. Goodbye to my mother. And we when she
Did pass my family did crash. I kept busy but never took my time to recover
Yeah and it's no planning for that I swear to gawd I just had my first panic
Attack. Plus I'm in shock when I got to my inbox and see these thirsty ass
Niggas that's demanding I'm rap. What type planning is that what type of
Strategy goes. When you find yourself under pressure and your insanity grows
And you see fantasy froze and you see your plan B is throwed and it ain't nobody
Else to lean on now you trapped in the cold

It's much more than these outsiders can know. I look inside and it's even
Starting to grow
It's much more than these outsiders can know. I look inside and it's even
Starting to grow