[Hook: Marc E. Bassy]
Was it all wrong?
Was it just the wrong time?
Was the feeling too much, for your plot line? (x2)

[Verse 1: Locksmith]
If I lay my soul
If I pave my road
If I don't see then will it take control?
If I speak my mind, if I spill my heart
If I take these bullets will it kill my art?
If I march off beat, will it yield my life?
If I write you a tweet will it still suffice?
If I said 8 years ago
"you were cheering in the streets"
It would peak on that very same night
Go ahead, shoot me, hang me, choke me, lynch me, jail me
Tell me the dream then pinch me
Wake me up, from
My somber sleep
But we a fall down on the calmest feet
But we all calm down when we start to see
What is dangled is based off against the weak
Whatever angle you take medicates the meek
You can never find love when it's hate you seek
When you trapped in the same eye Frame as the enemy
You become slain by the same kind of energy
Now you're the centerpiece of a centered centerpiece
I just wanna pray that the Angels remember me
Tried to climb out, it was too steep (what?)
Might've timed out, it was too deep
(oh)
They say we all the same, but we unique
What do you think?

[Hook: Marc E. Bassy]
Was it all wrong?
Was it just the wrong time?
Was the feeling too much, for your plot line? (x2)

[Verse 2: Locksmith]
And I remember arguments with my mom
I was irate but she remained calm
Taught me the time it takes to make qualms
Feed into pride and angst and that's wrong
I know that you long revenge and retribution
But when you feed in that's never the solution
Once you start change how you feel in your heart and the hate disembarks
That's a real revolution!
It's not about death, it's not about threats, it's not about the preference of your sex
Not about the clothes that you wear
Or the length of your hair
Or the "O"s that you write on your check
I know you feel stranded
I know you feel branded
I know you wanna lash out and speak candid
I know you wanna punch the wall and bring it to em all
But if you do then they're more in command
And till you understand it
You'll be short handed
Take it as a tool to use to your advantage
Know what I say may seem
Outlandish
You could give in but it'll only do damage
Only set you back. only hold you down
A life full of hurt was the only thing you found
We been on the ground so long that we long for the dirt
But it's time that we search for the truth now

[Hook: Marc E. Bassy]
Was it all wrong?
Was it just the wrong time?
Was the feeling too much, for your plot line? (x2)