[Intro: [?], Locksmith & Esoterik]
I try to tell 'em don't dare comin' round
Try to keep your head above the cloud, tell 'em, tell 'em
I try to tell 'em
Tell 'em, tell 'em
Yeah
What up, Eso?
What's good, my g? Yeah
Locksmith (Ah yeah)

[Verse 1: Locksmith]
Thoughts of a man trickle down to his heart, wisdom is revenue (Why?)
Hindsight is your insecurities residue
Every last mistake that I made became a larger brigade
Of inner demons that seep in and try to leverage you (Uh)
Pick apart the part you partially criticise (Yeah)
Try to look beneath the skin from deep in and empathise
If you ever cast a stone from a egotistical throne (Yeah)
You just build yourself up to fall harder in peoples eyes
So it's lies to the public as they shove it down our psyche
That's most likely the product of being caught up as martyrs (Uh)
People think that [?] 'cause most of us are just martyrs
But really it's just a foster we follow to bring in dollars (Yeah!)
Docile or hostile, no matter if you winning, you locked out (Uh)
They try to pretend if you listen to them that you better [?] not now
I stockpile the hate and I use it as motivation (Yeah)
No way that I'm stoppin' now, the future is what I'm facin'

[Chorus: Esoterik]
This is where I feel free, it's where I shape shift
With the understanding that this life is what you make it
Face it, if you get that chance you gotta take it
Turn that nothing into something, watch 'em all go ape shit
Yeah, yeah, this life is what you make it
How you think I built this spaceship?
There's more to life than money, honey, life is something sacred
Turn that nothing into something, that's what I call greatness

[Verse 2: Esoterik]
Yo, you see The Matrix? That ain't in Macka's mind
'Cause I can shape shift into a dragonfly
Or a crayfish, into a samurai
Then drive my spaceships right through their satellites
I painted this blindfolded on a mountain top
In a free state, I freeze frame water fountain drops
And my soul, that part of me's not for sale
But to give to you I'd swim through the arteries of a whale
I'd surf Hell's flames to save you from it's grips
Then return home with burning sails on my ship
And a glimmer in my eye that says I'm not even human
People dying for a cubic when there's diamonds in the music, shit
(Yes Lord!) On this mic I'm a cinema
I paint new dimensions in the mind of the listener
Livin' in the one dream swimmin' in these sunbeams
Mediating while I listen to my son breathe

[Chorus: Esoterik]
This is where I feel free, it's where I shape shift
With the understanding that this life is what you make it
Face it, if you get that chance you gotta take it
Turn that nothing into something, watch 'em all go ape shit
Yeah, yeah, this life is what you make it
How you think I built this spaceship?
There's more to life than money, honey, life is something sacred
Turn that nothing into something, that's what I call greatness

[Verse 3: Illmac]
Uh
I ain't watchin' they moves, I move the game, break rules, who's to say
Paid dues, make room or choose your fate
I forgave you for foolish ways
You callin' Babe Ruth to the plate, I'm Frank Dukes in the comité
Blood sport, call me sensei
Smokin' on g that smell like Pepé, the crystal lechette
Cuchillo [?]
Vegan breakfast, she fed me [?]
Chakras align like [?]
Mix the acid dose, Alice nosediving down the rabbit hole
Hack the firewall, crack the code
Pack a bowl [?] in a Saturn that I stole
Drivin' backwards down Abbey Road, smoke and mirrors
Life's a magic show, negative thoughts where the cancer grows
God bless the soul that I haven't sold
Follow yellow bricks, this the path I chose
Dorothy ain't in Kansas though, my head is spinnin' while the planet slows
High as hell, gold on my neck like I'm Michael Phelps
My dream survived, I'm alive and well
My inner light can make sun fire melt
Wearin' a Saturn ring halo after I hang myself with Orion's belt

[Chorus: Esoterik]
This is where I feel free, it's where I shape shift
With the understanding that this life is what you make it
Face it, if you get that chance you gotta take it
Turn that nothing into something, watch 'em all go ape shit
Yeah, yeah, this life is what you make it
How you think I built this spaceship?
There's more to life than money, honey, life is something sacred
Turn that nothing into something, that's what I call greatness

[Outro: [?] & Esoterik]
I try to tell 'em keep your head up
I try to tell 'em keep your head—head up
I try to tell 'em keep your head up
I try to tell 'em [?] for real
[?] for real
[?] comin' round
[?] tell 'em, tell 'em
Yeah, man
I know those dark times get you down
I know when those clouds come around your smile goes to frown
But don't get stuck in that same place
You need to be sunshine on a rainy day
[?]