[Verse 1]

It’s something that’s telling me I should leave now, end it right now, stop it and cut all your losses
Let her find someone who loves her for her, don’t be so selfish and thoughtless
Don’t be that person to worsen her wounds, allow her to heal
Don’t keep pretending like you was intending to finally commit then you skip on the steal
Tell her the truth, try it for once, you felt this way, but denied it for months
We was extending and spending our time, fueling our lust, that is no trust
Should’ve backed up, played it more casual, we got attached that part was natural
Tried to avoid the void it would cause then I hit pause, I feel like I had to
How do I reconcile what I broke in parts? No excuse, but I overthought
Pulled away and then pushed back inside with no sacrifice that we grow apart
But I’m so involved with myself, the thought of commitment I left on the shelf
Preoccupied with looking outside for something I knew would eventually fail
What that entails? Only the future can tell, only if you can detail
We saw the proof in both of our parents, lord only knows they went through some hell
What is it worth? And what are you willing to leave? And how are you able to breathe?
A part of me left, that was so easy to catch I wore it right there on my sleeve

[Hook: Olamide Faison]

If I could right all of my wrongs
My fault just treated you low
But you’re gone, damage is done
It’s sad. I thought you were the one

Thought you were thought you were the one
Thought you were thought you were thought you were the one
Thought you were, thought you were, thought you were the one
Thought you were, thought you were, thought you were the one

[Verse 2]

And don’t you remember that moment when we was alone?
At dinner distracted we acting indifferent while checking our phones
Reluctant I told you my feelings about you and how they had grown
Admittingly that was a side of myself that I never had shown
And then it went cold, went home together but I felt a shift, something was telling me that was our rift
How I responded to how we had bonded initially might be the reason we split
You wanted more, I wasn’t eager to rush, I was in eager to rush
I tried to stop it before it got started, but once it got started I needed your touch
How do I reconcile what I ripped to shreds? Wreck a smile that I meant to pledge
Took a while, but you shook me how and I still don’t know what I didn’t said
And I still don’t know if it’s in my head, pulled away and just went to bed
Woke up then it finally hit, you can’t be mine if I flinch instead
Uninterested in just friends, can we be honest? I guess it depends
We can be cool to a certain extent, don’t put the blame where it never was meant
Don’t feel ashamed if we never commit, how can we stray if we never say quit?
Guess it’s too little too late, too many mistakes it’s only so much I can give

[Hook: Olamide Faison]

If I could right all of my wrongs
My fault just treated you low
But you’re gone, damage is done
It’s sad. I thought you were the one

Thought you were, thought you were the one
Thought you were, thought you were, thought you were the one
Thought you were, thought you were, thought you were the one
Thought you were, thought you were, thought you were the one