[E-A-Ski]
E-A-Ski, CMT, Frontline
Yeah Locksmith, Left, What is it Homie?
MTV Battle, y'all some God damn cheaters man
But that's all right, it's nothing personal
We just gone spit at you a little bit, ya know
Let's get it cracking Lock, c'mon

[Verse 1: Locksmith]
Now what do we have here? A new nigga repping the Bay
Making a name niggas wanna step in the way
All of the bullshit and the stress in the way
It's enough to make you wanna get a weapon and spray
Give me the beef I'm happy to chew it
But understand I'm a man if you happen to spew it
We can take it to a battle and do it
I ain't a pussy mayne, I don't sweat vaginal fluid
But some of you assholes wanna start with me
Like I ain't got a motherfucking heart in me
If I offended you nigga pardon me
But I don't think you really wanna a part of me
My skin is thick my blood is froze
You can look into the area above my nose
And see I don't fuck around in songs
'Til I'm buried in the motherfucking ground and gone, c'mon

[Hook 2x]
What is it?
Whatever you might want it to be
What is it?
Why you wanna hate on me?
What is it?
I ain't even trippin dog
What is it?
I'm a show ya how to ball

[Verse 2: Left]
I'm a quarterback like Rich Gannon mayne
And I don't do a damn thang but throw ya game
All that back talking man you should be shamed
I thought we left them thangs to mess with dames
But dudes wanna chit chat, dudes wanna gossip
Talk the talk, but afraid to walk it
Since we been on TV I guess that we targets
Open to the bad guys you know who you are
People wanna hate the day because I say
That I represent the New in front of the Bay
So y'all made at me, acting all crappy
Why don't ya get a slice of the pie and be happy
Lot of people want us to go away
Nope not goin nowhere we here to stay
I got kids to raise and rhymes to say
Plus a truck load of money that I got to make, yeah

[Hook 2x]

[Verse 3: E-A-Ski]
I don't give a damn where you from and where you be
It's gone take more than the beef to bring the heat
By now you should know I'm from the Oakland street
If you think about nigga it can get real deep
I ain't got to fake a smile and show you love
I'mma cock back and pop and show you slug
Fuck rapping, nigga we can go all out
Man to man or we can bring all the turfies out
When you see me clear your thought don't think about it
Or it be 'extra extra read all about it'
Don't doubt it I'm not that nice I do not play
And when I play it might be with an AK
I won't blink and I won't budge
I been been to jail before and back to war
I will cock it and let the steel bust
In a real way bitch get ya grill bust

[Hook 2X]

[E-A-Ski]
Frontline, The Frontline, yeah
We ready for war cuz
Hahaha Locksmith, Left, E-A-Ski, CMT
What is it? What is it boy?
Ha ha, better get at us, you know
Oh yeah, MTV battle?
Y'all some damn cheaters mayne