[Verse 1]
I'm at the house 'bout to roll this kush up
I can get a call at any minute, so I'm just doing push-ups
Waiting on what seems to be forever
I burned a hole in my Polo sweater cause I was nervous
But that's how crazy birth is, loading up this Beretta
Cause this time I'm having a baby girl
So it's whatever, whenever.. whatever
You my willow and it's my will to make this last forever
First thing I'mma tell her, daddy's your umbrella
Get with a glass slipper Cali, you my Cinderella
Gotta be a dream, hold up, that's your middle name
Both your brothers big now, so baby you my little Game
Who gon be the Godfather? Swizz? Lil Wayne?
AR smoke too much but got Cali tatted on his veins
And I just got a text from your mama
Saying the water burst, I guess it's time for my karma

[Verse 2]
Walk through the door, she on the ground crying
She don't wanna get up, you had a baby right here
I ain't cleaning that shit up!
I finally got her out the house, now we on the elevator
She screaming, I left the car seat
But I'mma tell her later
Aww forget the car seat, man I'm hella-faded
She like "I know you ain't high" shit, I celebrated
Now we in the car, she won't put on her seatbelt
Screaming at the top of her lungs, "God, I need help"!
Weaving through traffic, minutes between contractions
Close your eyes right now, and you can see it happening
Imagine, she pulling on me "stop I'm about to crash, shit!"
Butterflies in my stomach, heart beating fast as shit
Every time I have a kid, it's like the first time
Kids the best, but they be coming at the worst times
Now we here, Tiff get in the wheelchair
Them butterflies still here. Am I happy? Hell yeah!

[Verse 3]
I parked the car, now I'm running through the halls lost
Trying to figure out which one of these rooms is ours
Think, think damn, one of the nurses stuck they head out
They gave her an epideral so I pulled the couch bed out
Took a nap, woke up, they almost got the head out
She grabbing on the rails, looking like she 'bout to pass out
Told her to breathe, grab my phone and hit record
"Breathe! 1, 2, 3, 4 - one more - 2, 3, 4"
Push! C'mon Tig, push! God damn it, just push!"
Nurse Linda coaching her, doctor arm a pulling on shoulders
Giving me the notion to cut the umbilical cord
She out, 8 pounds 4 ounces, sayin' stop the beat
Hold up, I'm about to make a announcement
See, every time a child is born somebody leave the world
So I thank the woman that gave her life for my baby girl