Intro:
"Uncle Chucky would you read us a bedtime story please, huh please?"
"Alright you kids get to bed, I'll get the story book
Y'all tucked in?"
"Yes"
"Heeeere we go..."

Slammed the Impala door hopped out
"What do you see?"
Some niggas hanging on the fence looking at me
I had fat red laces in my Adidas
Big chain around my neck like mardi gras
So I stepped up to 'em, "is there a problem here?"
One nigga lifts his shirt then he yells out "yeah"
So I turned around quickly and i jumped in my car
I was about to hit the switch then I thought like, "nah"
So I reached under my seat and I grabbed my shit
It was the chrome .45 with the kung-fu grip
Stuffed it inside my dickies as I jumped out the car
Kept my hand on the trigger as I walked in the store

One nigga walks in then here comes two
"What did you do?", I shot, "Are you crazy fool?"
One nigga hit the ground and the other two scrammed
Now the cops are outside well I'll be damned
It was 7:15, on my rolex watch
And i can't do the time that my rolex got
And like the hands on the clock, I went this way that a-way
Ran around the corner and that's when I threw my gat away

An Impala passed, its my home boy Clyde
He gave me the hand signal so I jumped in his ride
It was a clean '64 original inside
With no key in the ignition, "where'd you get this clyde?"
Nevermind I'm out, its a stolen whip
And I'm already runnin from the cops and shit
So I hopped out the car like the dukes of hazard
Then Clyde yells out "you stupid bastard!"
Start runnin' through traffic and I almost got hit
I lost one of my shoes, its my air force shit!
Im hobblin' down the street with one shoe on
Walked straight into some niggas with all blue on
I only ran 30 blocks, how I end up in Long Beach?
Cause in California, the gangs in arm reach
He saw my red strings so he punched and caught me
Then I knocked his ass out and took his boy out his Barkley's
I ain't seen these since 92
I'm feelin' like a bad boy without the shiny suit

Here the cops come, shit! So I dashed behind the Honda
And look who's here, my baby momma's friend Rhonda
In the car kissin' on this dope dealer Chris
But little did he know he was suckin' my dick
I start bangin' on the window "I don't mean to disturb"
"But Chris can you drop me off downtown on 3rd?"
He said "why sure, what up game hope in"
He was bangin Slick Rick then I got an idea
Before we get to 3rd drop me off right here
So I can walk inside the mall and cop some new gear
As I walked in the store they could see I was in a rush
So they bout me some jeans, a t-shirt and some fresh chucks

Walked out the store looked left, "oh no!"
Ran back in the store, here comes the 5-0
So I ran real quick, made a move to the back
Cold knocked this cute bitch into a polo rack
"sorry", jumped over her and fled to the back door
Then I kicked the shit open, you won't believe who I saw
Its the nigga Chris in hand cuffs pointin' at me
And the cops made chase before they let Chris free
One cop tried to grab me and the other one missed
I got away one more time and they both got pissed

Full speed out the mall, spotted this blue coupe
Dogg Pound on the plates, that gotta be Snoop
So I ran up to the car and I said "Yo Snoop, the cops got me on the run"
"need a ride nephew?"
"Hell yeah big snoop"
"Lil homie hop in"
"Drop me off in Compton"
And that's where my story ends

Now this ain't funny so don't ya dare laugh
Just another story about the wrong path
Had a long day so I reclined my seat
It was a 20 min ride to the CPT
Walked straight into the house, pulled out my key
Opened up the door, it's my girl playing Biz Markie

Oh you, you got what I neeeeeeeeeed