[Intro: Dr. Dre (Anderson .Paak)]
Where you from nigga?
(Help me!)

[Skit]
"What is going on in Compton? I don't understand it."
"Well as it relates to this, this is not in my field as the clerk so anything that relates to this, you'll probably have to get an answer from Dr. Dre."

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
I heard you talking about respect, I gave you niggas the utmost
All you niggas the utmost
Would you look over Picasso's shoulder
And tell him about his brush strokes?
Them opinions, I don't trust those
I apologize, the city made a nigga so cutthroat
Every hood love me, but it started on one coast
Could've stopped in '86 but I knew that you would want more
I'm on the throne in a place some niggas won't go

[Hook: Justus]
(Don't get it fucked up!) Been away from home
But I ain't been gone that long
(All they wanna know is: where you from? Where you from?
Where you from, nigga, huh? Compton!)

[Bridge: Dr. Dre]
Psst! This is about where I'm from
I think it's time to take these niggas to the deep water
Yeah, down in the Pacific (the Pacific), representin'
Where them sharks at nigga, down in the deep water

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre]
Listen, listen, listen, all you niggas swimming in the info
Go fuck around and drown in the specifics
Always going overboard, used to be my kinfolk
Now you sleeping with the motherfuckin' fishes
(Swimming with the mothefuckin' fishes, what the business?)
These niggas won't let up until they all wet up
(Don't get it fucked up!) Naww, nigga!
Now everybody wanna visit tryna re-up that prescription
Yeah, re-up
That's my nigga, watercolors couldn't even paint the picture
If they don't get the picture, fuck them
Yeah, drugs by the dozen
You might just wanna go and check the children
(You might just wanna check your fuckin' children)
I'm the one that got they ear
Ah, for many years, I been making parents live in fear
I just wanna make it clear: my influence run deep like the ocean

[Hook: Justus (Dr. Dre)]
(Don't get it fucked up!) Been away from home
But I ain't been gone that long
(All they wanna know is: where you from? Where you from?
Where you from, nigga, huh? Compton!)

[Bridge: Anderson .Paak]
Feel's like you're drowning, don't you?
About a hundred miles down in that ocean
It's over, shoulda never jumped in
If you can't swim (if you can't swim, if you can't swim)
Oh my God, where's a lifeguard when you need one?

[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar]
Motherfucker know I started from the bottom, vodka baby bottle
Mixin' that with Similac, my momma knew I had a problem
Wasn't thinking 'bout no rapping, I was juuging for a dollar
Putting quarter pieces in the black Caprice and make it holla
No policing me, I got the beast in me, I gotta holla
Keep the decency and make them TNT my product
I'm a C-O-M-P-T-O-innovator, energizer
Inner city bullet flyin' 'til that bitch on auto pilot
Ahhhhh, shit! I don't give a fuck about your whereabouts
All I care about is wearing out your area
And airing out your upper body
When I catch ya walking out your parents house
(Don't get it fucked up!) Homie got fucked up
Tryna park his tour bus, not knowing what's what
Or who's who, living in the L.A. County zoo
Pick them off like a big dog, motherfucker, woof!
Once upon a time, I shot a nigga on accident (Boom, boom, boom)
I tried to kill him but I guess I needed more practicing (Boom, boom, boom)
That's when I realized banging wasn't for everybody
Switch it up before my enemy or the sheriff got me
They liable to bury him, they nominated six to carry him
They worry him to death, but he's no vegetarian
The beef is on his breath, inheriting the drama better than
A great white, nigga, this is life in my aquarium

[Hook: Justus (Dr. Dre)]
(Don't get it fucked up) Been away from home
Been away from home all night long
(All they wanna know is: where you from?
Where you from, nigga, huh? Compton)

[Bridge: Cheyenne Lavene]
This is about where I'm from
I think it's time to take these niggas to the deep water
Yeah, down in the Pacific
Where them sharks at, nigga, down in the deep water

[Outro: Anderson .Paak]
(Gasping for Air)
Help me
(Feels like you're drowning)
I'm drowning
Help me, help me, help me
Somebody help me
(Shoulda never jumped in
If you, if you can't swim)
Help me
Help me, help me, help me
I can't, I can't breathe
I can't wait, help
(Where's a lifeguard when you need one?)
God, please, please help me, please
Please help me, please help...
Please help, please, please...