Will I ever change your life
My grandma said you'll never change you right
Y'all think that in the game..get high
Will you afraid found out what the game be like
Will I ever change your life
My grandma said you'll never change you right
Y'all think that in the game..get high
Will you afraid found out what the game be like

Red rag on my review, no take on the course he clear too
God scream about them speakers so loud that a nigga can't hear you
Wake up to a dime the cross I'm a Christian got a nigga feelin like a..
Make it shout out my windows they yell and envy
They split on my ruby they..my barely, they win it on my top..and Kendrick
I said I'm a killer goddamn it I missed it
I said it so crackly that bubble and skill it
In my grown my house I was selling work in it
Ain't got blesses so, she died, back out the foe, know up the..
Pop out the trunk, no ..that's how niggas do it in the shot
Right slos,...niggas ..was a man in the hood
Now you're begging on both his knees
I'm a killer no cobbies ask for the glockies, niggas don't know me
Got a problem of blood come show me, I'm on rose cramps in the cobbies
God diamonds off of my rollie, grand daddy stuck in my..
Don't f*ck the ex with.. where I'm from nigga shoot at the police
These niggas got me screw it up, ..pop this blue trunk
Red hat, red pants, walk inside dreams with the cush and I'm..

Rollin rollin rollin rollin rollin rollin don't bother
Rollin rollin rollin rollin rollin rollin don't bother
Rollin rollin rollin rollin rollin rollin don't bother
Rollin rollin rollin rollin rollin rollin don't bother

You nigga 15 broke in the same sold off in my pants bout to..your name
Somebody gonna give it to me so..
Mama used to struggle just to..if you set up the..
Got sick of looking the other nigga that ain't deserve it
So I follow my order..
I ain't worried about the.. I say everything
The hood high,..and in the spot no I ain't seen.. a couple of bands
If I ain't ..was doing the..
..I give it to you..I was a young wild
Nigga in a couple ..in the hood but a..I'ma use

[Hook:]
Now I ain't hole up, young in the ease with a couple full of lean in the..
No more sleep, gotta get more pop so G role up
Stay so high so I pray to God, but most don't roll up
Big sister told me I need to grow up, but I needed that money
Man and I..tryin to get blow like my nose was runnin
I work for mine you can't take that from me
Rap it up like a gypsy money and have it ready when I roll on up
Stacking growin more up, when the flow go up
And I'm out to the hood like ice cream truck

Just rollin rollin rollin rollin rollin rollin don't bother
Rollin rollin rollin rollin rollin rollin don't bother
Rollin rollin rollin rollin rollin rollin don't bother
Rollin rollin rollin rollin rollin rollin don't bother

He kush rollin when that drinks is..and the caddy caddy with the 90
All the drop put it in the shop
But everything I got ..stolen
Have a grip couldn't afford the grill
Have a paint but it..
Pick and.. tryin to get that dough
Oh family though so they ..
Ready till the mama come get your son
Mama like that with the helly done
Brother have brick till they get no shit
When you went to the..ain't no shit
Mama ain't work so..the house
Ray on blocks so I...tryin to face up like Mary Jane
I was like the kane..

Rollin rollin rollin rollin rollin rollin don't bother
Rollin rollin rollin rollin rollin rollin don't bother
Rollin rollin rollin rollin rollin rollin don't bother
Rollin rollin rollin rollin rollin rollin don't bother