The following is a DJ Skee presentation
Nu Jerzey Devil

[Kid]
Who's under there? (it's 50 Cent)
Mom, there's ghosts under my bed!
(G-Unit, G-Unit, G-Unit, G-Unit, G-Unit, G-Unit, G-Unit...)
Aw, shit nevermind, it's just the Ghost Unit
Fuckin' faggots

There's somethin' strange in your neighborhood
Who you gonna call? Ghost Unit
50, Buck and Banks in your neighborhood
What are they called? Ghost Unit

[Game]
It's time to put a end to the bullshit
Wanna scrap with young homie? Jump in the bull pit
Fake ass wanksta, you ain't no crook and
I got G-Unot all over Queens and Brooklyn
Compton and Watts, ATL and Chi-town
After 300 Bars your whole crew locked down
And all you gon' do is sing about me
Cause you can't do a motherfuckin' thing about me

[Kid]
(It's 50 Cent) I ain't afraid of no ghost
(Young Buck!) I ain't afraid of no ghost
(Lloyd Banks) I ain't afraid of no ghost
(Talk of New York, Tony Yayo) I ain't afraid of no ghost

If you guys are still under there I got the Documentary on my iPod, bitches
Only little wiggers listen to that Massacre shit
Man, no ones scared of you guys, just shut the fuck up
What the fuck is Yayo doing with his hands and shit
The motherfucker looks like Castro fabulous
Fake ass Flavor Flav and shit

There's somethin' strange in your neighborhood
Who you gonna call? Ghost Unit
50, Buck and Banks in your neighborhood
What are they called? Ghost Unit

Man, I won this fuckin' G-Unot contest (I ain't afraid of no ghost)
And I got to bring Olivia to my school for show-and-tell (I ain't afraid of no ghost)
And the bitch whipped out her fuckin' dick, man (I ain't afraid of no ghost)
That was the hottest fuckin' shit in school history, man (I ain't afraid of no ghost)
Now I got all these bitches on my dick and shit (I ain't afraid of no ghost)
Even black chicks man, they love me (I ain't afraid of no ghost)
And Game told me, I'm the only white kid in the world (I ain't afraid of no ghost)
That can call you a punk ass nigga! (Game: I approve that) (I ain't afraid of no ghost)

[Game]
50' punk ass ain't never in the streets
So he poked his chest out and signed Mobb Deep
50 you a bitch, when it's time for beef
All he gon' do is hide behind M.O.P
And I can respect that, they just gettin' they cheese
They thugs, but what about M-A-dollar sign-E
Even worse what the fuck you gon' do about me
Push Yayo back to Christmas Eve