[Intro]
Can't forget about my OG Heron
My nigga' Montreal
My nigga' 2Pac
Hussein Fatal
And Kadafi

[Verse 1]
It's like riding down Greenleaf
Dre Day, smokin' green leaf (uhh)
Draco' in the front seat
And just to think, I made all this off one key
Hurricane
Two feet in Compton, one deep
Can't ride with me, 'less I'm Pimp C and you Bun B
My flag ain't got no stars on it, fuck my country
Get your toupée knocked off tryin' Donald Trump me
I'm the OG to the YG's
You ain't seen what I seen
My cousin Tasha shot in the stomach, pregnant at 19
She died, but the baby kept stompin'
That how hard us little niggas come up
Born and raised in Compton
We earned this shit, we learnt this shit
City used to be all white
Look how we turnt this shit
2Pac turning in his grave from all this nonsense
A little soldier ain't from Bompton
I put that on the homies

[Bridge]
God said in the last days there would be times of difficulty. For people would become lovers of self, lovers of money, proud, too arrogant, abusive, disobedient to their parents, ungrateful, unholy, heartless, unappeasable, slanderous without self-control. Lovers of pleasure rather than lovers of God. This calls for wisdom. Let the one who has understanding calculate the number of the beast. fuck Donald Trump, homie

[Chorus]
Is there heaven 4 a gangsta, gangsta, gangsta? (Uhh)
Is there heaven 4 a gangsta, gangsta, gangsta? (Uhh)
Is there heaven 4 a gangsta, gangsta, gangsta? (Uhh)
Is there heaven 4 a gangsta, gangsta, gangsta? (Uhh)

[Verse 2]
God, forgive me for my sins
World full of bitch niggas
Lord, keep me out the pen
Keep my sons on the right track
My daughter on her momma side
Let the wind hit my baby face, its gonna be homicide
You don't father like I father, nigga
I father kids and I father niggas
I done been on Lil’ Yachty
Shot Crips with Lil’ Uzi
Got bricks from the Migos
And my bitch is bad and boujee
Every time I turn around
Somebody trying to sue me
And old friends turn colors, like Notorious B.I.G. Coogi
I promise this ain’t a movie, my nigga
This ain’t on Netflix
This is every time you in the club, we gonna set trip
Another dead body on the dance floor
That’s what them hood niggas do, when them bands low
Red rag on my head, I’m still Rambo
Fuck a pistol, what these hands for?

[Chorus]
Is there heaven 4 a gangsta, gangsta, gangsta? (Uhh)
Is there heaven 4 a gangsta, gangsta, gangsta? (Uhh)
Is there heaven 4 a gangsta, gangsta, gangsta? (Uhh)
Is there heaven 4 a gangsta, gangsta, gangsta? (Uhh)