[Intro: Lil Dicky]
LD
AKA homicide
Yes, homicide
Ayy

[Verse 1: Lil Dicky]
OG's knew I had it poppin' (woo, ayy)
IG lookin' Photoshopish (it's lit, it's real)
They just can't take charge so they floppin' (floppin', a ref, I call them out, ayy)
New shit looking like it's knockin' (right?)
Rap game, not a game, wasn't broke so it's cast off (arm)
Really I been keepin' shit a hunnid like the Cubbie tryna close it with the fast ball (far)
I don't even do this shit for money but they buyin' it in droves like it's half-off
If Dicky gotta show out there
You know he 'bout to show out there
Rol on my arm (ayy)
Russ on a farm (ayy)
This the new guard (ayy)
They put the boy on the Jumbotron (why?)
Just to pump up the crowd (ah)
At my ten year reunion (ewuh)
Like look at me now
Having good sex on the reg
New Tempur-Pedic, my bed
All of my lawyers are black, shit is ironic as hell
But I guess that what happened when Jews started rappin'
Used to have turtles, no wonder I'm snappin'
Used to commercial write, used to play Madden
No wonder they let me do both for a bag
I was not in a frat, I have never conformed
Did a 2000 cap, I had never performed
I ain't takin' no L's (no)
Fuck what you sell (ah)
I barely pay for my drinks, doin' well (ayy)
I tell 'em there is no need for the glitz (no)
I don't need sparklers they know that I'm lit
I'm on top of the world, fuck all these girls (ah)
I prefer momma to play with my curls (ah)
I can tell all of you rappers ain't thorough (ah)
Head hit the pillow and boom it's tomorrow
But how can you sleep? (ew, ew)

[Chorus: Lil Dicky]
How can you sleep? (ew, ew)
How can you sleep? (gross, how?)
How can you sleep? (how? ew)
How can you sleep? (how? gross)
How can you sleep? (how? ew)
How can you sleep? (how? ew)
You still asleep
(Game)

[Verse 2: The Game]
How many bitch ass rappers I gotta slap today?
Put on Worldstar even though Q passed away
Pull a .38 out of my pocket and then cock it
Leave a nigga on an island like he in Castaway
Cock strong since them old Doc songs (thug life)
Like a' old Pac song, outta my mind
The lights on, but I'm not home
Somethin' is wrong with me
I done brought six strippers from Vegas home with me (six?)
Trees By Game, they gettin’ blown with me
FaceTime with Karrueche, they on the phone with me
Tell K good night, I'm hype, I might ignite (ayy)
Plastic cups, Promethazine and Sprite
Man I don't really know who's song this is
Who's weed I'm stealing or whose bong is this
And I don't really give a fuck 'cause I keep the ammo tucked and you can keep on swinging from my nuts (ewuh)
But don't say I can't rap like I'm not a Rap God
Like I won't break your fucking favorite rapper's rap jaw
I don't give a shit, big or tall, short or small
I'll cut your dick off and sit it on Trump's wall (oh)
Then spraypaint "Fuck the President" it's evident
Hip Hop dead, and new niggas irrelevant
Different color braids, you niggas stuck in the maze
Ain't grew up by a beach, just say you ridin' a wave
Man, I'm so glad that Guwop out
And rap fans still give a fuck what 2Pac 'bout
I'm right here, I don't give a fuck who hop out
Don't let Mark Zuckerberg get you knocked out (me?)
And don't try me over IG
Don't try to be subliminal and get it by me
I'm a criminal, I'll leave you hooked to a IV
Next to Jimmy Iovine over hood shit, but-

[Verse 3: Lil Dicky]
We could start with rap shit
I ain't never lost at that shit
Let me clear it up, Proactive
I could walk up in this motherfucker looking everybody dead up in the eye, like we can rap for that shit
You'll get embarrased
I'll be in Paris, don't compare us
Flow the rarest
Got bitches in the bed room, over sharing
Got an Aussie and a Brit like I’m going with Sharon
So apparent, Heir apparent
But I don't want it next
Someone tell Complex it ain't complex
And what you lookin' at is now like a Timex
I am checked the on now off the clock like Colin Powell
I'm really adamant, you're really adequate
I'm really passionate, I'm Billy Madison (yah)
I'm the motherfucking graduate
Twenty ten with a pen, I didn't plan this shit
My plan legit, I manuscripted it
It was living by the candle stick
But for the plaques I had to mantle it (woah)
All my friends thought Dicky was a joke
Now they tryin' to see a show (ah)
Now they out of breath, tryna speak good (ah)
I remember everyone that didn't think I could (ah)
Every publicist who thought that I was mocking hoods
Look who tryin' to stoppin' jerk
Look who tryin' to rap now
I don't even fuck with you (nah)
If what's done is done, how come I ain't done with you? (whoa)
And if it's fucking done, come on how dumb is you?
Let me get another tissue
I'll be crying 'till the fucking bank pull that card again
From Charlamagne to Busta, Game, to Puff, to Sway, Questlove, T-Pain, to Snoop, Two Chainz, it's all the same
Ain't no debate, they know who fake, they know who great
You don't know your place (no)
Cameras around me, they don't know your place (oh)
Shooters around me 'cause I entertain (oh)
I got 'em shootin' they movie (yah)
I could meet a bitch on a Tuesday
Girls come to me
Don't got jewelry
Don't feel bad when I bust in my jacuzzi
Don't eat ass but it still be lookin' juicy (woah)
Front page, coming at you like a news'ie
Hoes didn't choose me, now I'm choosing
Now I got a Jap on knees like sushi (ewuh)
Lil' dick got vert, no Uzi (hah)
I might just pop that coochie, bruh
OG's knew I had it poppin'
How can you sleep? Ew (ew)
How can you sleep?