[Verse 1]
Uh, let Jesus take the wheel of a Phantom, baby!
Close my eyes, wake up, I’m in Atlanta baby
Who put the magic in Magic City? Meech did
Who popping magnum bottles with Diddy? Me kid
Tell ‘em where the beast is, somewhere where the beach is
Leaning back in my beach chair, yeah
I’m something like a leap year
Niggas don’t see me that often in this 'Rari
But nigga, we here!
Firm baby, it's like I got Usher Raymond in this Backwood
Let it burn, baby! (Weed make niggas so emotional)
I gotta pull out that hundred 'fore ya'll can poke it with holes
We in the Poconos, strokin' hoes til they open those - leggings
Niggas ain’t begging, we gettin' Oprah dough
Money over bitches, till I’m fucking Oprah, so
Back away from my Phantom, so I can open do'

[Hook: Game & Shontelle]
Marble floors, Lamborghini doors
Oh Lord, oh Lord, oh Lord!
Hangin' out the window on the West Side, West Side, West Side
Smoking green you ain’t never seen! (Can I hit that?)
Just hold it firm baby

[Verse 2]
Take a puff out it
Then run it tell puff about it
Copped a Bent on that Master P shit, we bought it, bought it
Up in Greystone, it's too fucking crowded
Let's hit Supperclub after supper, blood
Say my nigga nip in that bitch, what’s up with cuh?
Fuck with cuh, blood, got guns it's on the up and up
Fuck with blood, cuh got hundred niggas just rolling up
Still Soo Woo, gotta give it to my niggas, man
My nigga Skeme, my nigga Wayne
My nigga Joe Moses got the hoes opened
My nigga YG winning, I kept the door opened
Can’t forget about my nigga Top Dawg
Put Kendrick on a pedestal where thou shall not fall
One love to my lil nigga Problem
Got the LA turned up, like whaaat?

[Hook 2]
Marble floors, Lamborghini doors
Oh Lord, oh Lord, oh Lord!
Hangin' out the window on the West Side, West Side, West Side
Smoking green you ain’t never seen! (Can I hit that?)
You smokin' sherm baby?

[Outro]
Nigga, what a fuck? I’m from the Valley
We don’t smoke sherm
I don’t know what ya'll do in Compton
But in the 818 we put weed in weed
Nigga, you’re tripping
(I’m just fucking with you, I wouldn’t lace your weed)
Oh, fuck it then, let's smoke