[Verse 1: Stevie Johnson]

Run it back like a rematch
I'm sayin,  im sayin you doing all this talking man you won that one
But let me dig it again
Aye look, run it back like D Hes, slide through trench coat you don't need  dress. release stress i do it, mirrors all around so you can see me through it. i hit the hole like arian, smoove in the 1st by the 4th im tearing it down call me stevie barbarian, bang bang bang lights out Shawn Merriman
Im in her skin like ink tho she want me at her crib ervery week though, in the kitchen by the sink yo, splash like Steve Nash  at the free throw wet, she wetter than a wet suit she got me feelin comfy like a sweat suit she opened up her shirt like  cam do then i superman do her like cam do, we made  movie no cam crew, lights kept caring me and you, you won last night but can you keep going can u do it all night?

[Chorus: Stevie Johnson]
Let's go, go, go, go, go,go
Let's go go go go go go go

[Verse 2: Stevie Johnson]
Run it back like a rematch, i'm sayin' round 2 i need that, turn around going... you won last night but can you keep going can you do it all night?
Handle the pressure baby like Fitz do, let me take you to the center round that's the back room bad news (what?) i'm motivated im focused on pulling off one of the best assinations in this... Presidential suite life Esparanzo let me show you the beach life this is what it be like when you on your S johnson (one) so she be on her stevie johnson, people watchin' but we'll knock it,  we keep it rocking there will be no stoppin' wait, there will be no stoppin' shout out to the women that  keep it poppin'
Run it back like d jax i be goin' hammer and she let the kid nail that i accel that control the dangerous like this Louis above my jeans
Run it back like a rematch round 2 i need that turn around throw it you won last night but can you keep going... Let's go

Chorus

[Verse 3: Game]
I put it in the coffin girls be geting noxious that's when i run that wildcat offense why you so defensive? we only did it once so where you find all this tension give me a couple inches while you come back to your senses and go way back to where that maybach benz is i'm a team player so tell me where all your friends is, she teria like she wearing contact lenses and i ain't made contact ain't even been in front of that but when she do she Adrian Peterson run it back, hauling my ears like Victor Ortiz but Floyd Mayweather ain't trynna hit none of that
I am soft like exo she ain't trynna let go i don't do rewind buttons shout out to my ex tho she throwin' all that shade where Stevie John at? Might sign her to a new contract for now let's go go go go go go go
I'm sayin let's go go go go go go go (x2)
I'm sayin...  let's run it back