(feat. Ashanti)

Keep my black contact in a trillion, trillion
These bitches (?) know my million, my million
My money stack into the, (?) I fuck it runnin (?) feelin'

(Chorus: Ashanti)
Just 'cause we break up don't mean it's over
I call you come in closer
(?) to get this hill like I've told you
I'm a give it every time I want it, give it every time I want it

I game (?) all the honey
(?) but you already know about it
Quick, quick deep dicker
Have you swimm in it with every (?) believe I got the mixture
Smoke what you look back at me take a picture
She moan in, I barely feel, but I'm in
I keep on coming back, she know I can do it right
Is cause we share a (?) don't mean I (?) that
Don't wait up when I'm at is where I be
And when I'm be is where I'm at
Don't worry about my (?) cause I don't really care about drama
(?) come home, where I'm a bring on
And all the conversations are pissing me off
And we can have a conversation cause she yell when she talk
See, I do it smooth man, and I'll be like move man
I ain't in the move man, damn

(Chorus: Ashanti)
Just 'cause we break up don't mean it's over
I call you come in closer
(?) to get this hill like I've told you
I'm a give it every time I want it, give it every time I want it

(?) and (?) miss the child (?)
Don't act how is just ex win
How it feel the work without the (?) ex him
I'll introduce you, rearrange your future, but that's just me
Your friends envy, but that they just wanna be, you
But when the table is turn light music (?)
Thought I was going to the fans and you asked (?)
Blue drive back on the street, back on my feet
You and (?) creep with another niggas
Stay with em, play with em, take my trucks in a day with em
(?) while I relax, smoking Cush in a private, James Bond (?) you know how I get
A (?) text about my truck and don't forget, to get your shit about my closet

(Chorus)
Let's pretend we got married, (?) been away to a honey moon
(?) depends on horse and carriage (?) make for two
And pretend we're not married, to my husband and your wife
Bring it, brings it love and one get it
Maybe (?) one night

Maybe you and me (maybe you and me), like we used to be, (like we used to be)
And every you and me (every you and me), livin' (livin') our memory, (baby)
Maybe you and me (maybe you and me), like we used to be, (like we used to be)
And every you and me (every you and me), livin' (livin') our memory, (baby)

Yeah yeah yeah, uhh, yea yeah yeah, ahh