Hey yo, Hov, thanks for letting me borrow this beat so I could lay down the Sound Scan
This just in: Number 1 this week is Diddy, 176,232
Number 2 is Evanescence, 107,000
Number 3: JoJo, 105,000
Number 4, Justin Timberlake! 95,000
Number 5: Dierks Bentley, 81,000
Number 6: Rod Stewart, 76,000
Number 7: Hinder, 76,435
Number 8: Ruben Studdard, 69,000
Number 9: Tony Bennet, 66,000
Skip the bullshit, Lloyd Banks ain't in at number 16: 48000. (Haha...)

Banks, what you wearing all that blue for? You know Snoop Dogg?
Fake king of New York, you ain't Jay-Z, you RuPaul
You ain't hard nigga, you ain't hot
Yayo, do your dance, show homie how to flop
Christopher Lloyd gon' be Christopher Reeves
Picture him rollin' through the N.Y.C
Tellin' niggas I stole your logo, trying to use me for promo
Your logo is a shield, and you stole that from the po-po
You cop nigga, you ain't got New York on lock nigga
Check the record store, they still got yo shit in a box nigga
Yo boss sing songs, only R&B nigga wit' bling on
Y'all should stop rappin', and sell ringtones
Drunk ass flow, G-Unit alcoholic
Me and Dipset seem to be the only motherfuckers (Ballin'!)
Again and again, I will aim, cock, and shoot
Make your fitted cap spin in the wind
With your Jay Leno chin

(2 X's)
When Game in this bitch
It's going down man
Try to play me out, but you out of bounds, man
Where your goons at, when I come around man?
Banks, Yayo, and Buck is running from the Sound Scan

Young Buck, when your album coming out?
Naw, for real, go ask 50 when your album comin' out
You niggas fighting over airtime
It's my fault that he pushed your album back farther than Clyde Drexler hairline
Creep up on your tour bus, pull out the pump
Word from Cashville, you ain't been down south in months
You got money in the bank? I'll tell you what I think; you're broke
What you gon' do when 50 stop payin' your car notes?
And the nigga Paul Wall, take his grill back
Gotta go back to Nashville, you gon' feel that
David. This ain't' no butterknife Dre shit
This is one shot, kill, ask him where his face went
Now back to the basics, you niggas stuck in the Matrix
Before the nigga finished the G-Unit logo I erased it
So face it Freddy, you'll never see Jason
A year and a half later, still looking for my replacement

(2 X's)
When Game in this bitch
It's going down man
Try to play me out, but you out of bounds, man
Where your goons at, when I come around man?
Banks, Yayo, and Buck is running from the Sound Scan

I got 2 words for Tony Yayo: "One Blood"
You 39 now, and you still rapping? Ugh!