[Intro: The Game]
Oh!
50 guess who's back?
Oh!
50, guess who's back, you bitch ass nigga?
Hahaha! It's The Game nigga, your arch-nemesis
I see'd your lil movie nigga. That shit was aight
I swear I see'd this shit, look...
"If you was my best friend..." Hahahaha
You got beat out by Chicken Little
So that's your name: Chicken Little, bitch!

[Hook]
Nigga you run with the coppers
Word on the streets says you's a snitch
Nigga stop talking to the coppers
The whole NYC knows you's a bitch
Nigga we took your choppers
We'll hit you up and leave you in a ditch
Nigga you cannot stop us
Say my name that's only gon' make me rich

[Verse 1: The Game]
Guess who's back in this motherfucker?
More beef than USDA
Now who the fuck wanna play with the California king
Stash box in all 5 of my cars, nigga
Living the California dream
And I ain't gotta pay no cops
All I gotta do is make sure Yayo flop
First week 200, that's all he got
Second week 68, and the number 10 spot
Third week 30,000; fourth week you stop
I guess I'm your psychic friend because of G-Unot
And while you talking on the internet
I'm loading slugs in the TEC
Connecticut 5 hours away, and I rent a jet
Turning Spider Loc against me for your benefit
I still got love for Cuz but Blood been a vet
Real niggas ain't hard to find
Come to your own hood and look under the G-Unot sign

[Hook]

[Phat Rat (spoken)]
G g g g, not!
You bitch ass niggas, I'm back
I been waiting on this, nigga
Yayo! Excuse me, Yay-ho!
Nigga, you first!
You bitch ass nigga, this is Phat Rat, nigga!
Me and you, nigga. Pay per view, nigga!
We gon' be the under-card of the main event, nigga
With 50-snitch and my nigga, nigga
And we gon' have another fight, nigga
My cousin Lisa, nigga
She gon' fight, umm, Banks bitch ass nigga
For the card under me and you
You ho ass nigga
I couldn't wait til they cut this motherfucking mic on, nigga
Call my bluff, nigga
I ain't no rapper, nigga...
But I'm rapping, nigga, like you wit that bullshit, nigga
You gon' sit yo old ass down, nigga
You be 36 in December, nigga
Aftermath, nigga! Black Wall Street, nigga!
Oliver!
I was on your bitch ass last night on Santa Monica, nigga!
Nigga, I do my research!
There's a bunch of homosexuals down there on Santa Monica nigga
Yeah, nigga, I got it on footage --
Chasing your bitch ass, Oliver!
You ain't finna fool the people, nigga, let motherfuckers know
I'mma get yo bitch ass stripped, and take a picture, nigga
Show your shit swinging because you ain't had the operation, nigga
Tell that bitch ass nigga 50 to pay for that motherfucker to get sliced off, nigga
So next time you put some shorts on that video, a big ass bulge gon' be sitting there, nigga
Because I got everybody looking for it, nigga
Nigga balls all squished up like that, nigga
You bitch motherfucker
Stop snitchin' and stop lyin'!
Nigga talking 'bout Get Rich or Die Tryin', nigga
Yeah nigga, you gon' Die Tryin', nigga!
Nigga Get Rich nigga, bitch ass nigga
Niggas gon' find out you out there, nigga, tryna
Pay something to happen to somebody; you know where they end up, nigga
They already on all of us, nigga!
Like I tell niggas, nigga, I know about 4 agencies watching me
So therefore, yo bitch ass gon' end up in one of these California prisons, nigga!
Then what you gon' do, nigga?!
Martha made it but I guarantee you won't, nigga!
Black Wall... wait a minute
THE Black Wall Street, nigga!
You better make sure you respect it, nigga, and say "the" --
T-H-E, nigga, not T-H-A, nigga!
La-Di-Da! La-Di-Da!
Nigga, I got hooks and all!
Brazil and Wilmington, you bitch ass nigga!

[Outro: The Game]
Nigga 50 said that I'm only known in a 8-block radius. Well, nigga, this the motherfucking 8-block radius I wanna be known in. It's motherfucking Beverly Hills, nigga! Shit, how I get here, man? You help me? You ain't help me do shit, sucker ass nigga! I lost fans fucking wit you, nigga! You a motherfucking snitch, the whole world know you a snitch, your whole family know you a snitch, even your son know you a snitch, nigga: Gon' tell his teacher he been acting bad at home, nigga. Put the nigga on punishment, nigga; stop telling on him!