[Hook : Marsha Ambrosia]
To everybody who knows my story
To all of those who came before me
My time is now, I'm gon' do it all over again
Ain't nothin' goin' through the change
I'm still gonna do it my way
Yeah I still remain
So tell me why you hate the game?
So tell me why you hate the game?
This time I do it better just because

[Interlude : Nas]
Y'all know what it is
The streets named me Illmatic but yet I'm still at
Yeah haters

[Verse 1 : Nas]
Felon, Vice behind me on the intersection
Sex and drugs my anthology on perfection
Dress superb, admired by conspirists
Who wanna try me but ain't high enough to 4-5 me up
Child of the 80s, y'all niggas is lazy
Complainin' 'bout labor pains nigga show me the baby
And my nigga Game light another L, pass the bottle
Pro-black I don't pick cotton out a aspirin bottle
Yeah I learned my lessons and heard y'all snitchin'
Witnessin' you rockin wit' narcs confirmed my suspicion
Green fatigues on, my niggas I'll bleed for 'em
I can show 'em the water but can't make 'em drink it
And I can show them my fortunes but can't force 'em think rich
And still I don't abort 'em when and if they sink quick
Ignore the ignorance I rep the brilliance of Queensbridge
And pray the feds let Murder Inc. live

[Hook : Marsha Ambrosia]


[Interlude 2 :  Game]
I don't talk about my guns nigga I Just Blaze

[Verse 2 : The Game]
'Pac is watchin' B.I.G. is listenin'
While Pun talkin' to us Jam Jay still spinnin'
To every nigga listenin', I was supposed to be
Amongst kings my mom shouted out at my christenin'
And while you still listenin', Shyne locked in a manhole
And Cam got shot inside his Lambo, it's ample
Life is a gamble, 15 years old, red rag around my head
My sisters used to laugh and call me Rambo
Seen Eazy's legacy melt away like a candle
I rekindled the flame, Dre created The Game
Nigga Wit a Attitude, from the cloth I came
Young homie ate his way up from the bottom of the food chain
Keep the crown, clown. I rock a L.A. Dodger fitted
Showed my ass at Summer Jam but New York was down wit' it
Now the ball's in my court never dribble out of bounds wit' it
Behind the back to Nas he alley oop to Jigga, nigga

[Hook : Marsha Ambrosia]

[Verse 3 : The Game]
Check it, me and nasty puffin', it's a classic trust me
I even pass the dutchie to them niggas that don't love me
I'm talkin' niggas that never wanted to see me on top
Same niggas that never wanted to see The Doctor's Advocate drop
Flop, I think not, I fuck you rap niggas like virgins
Dre took my trainin' wheels off it's curtains
I don't need no encore no claps no cheers
The Game ain't over this the beginning of my career
The endin' of yours the endin' of his
Like Flavor Flav's clock, I'm back to handle my biz
Nigga it's Game time that was Dre's favorite line
Back when Proof was in the booth and I recited his lines
And I still think about my nigga from time to time
Make me wanna call 50 and let him know what's on my mind
But I just hold back cause we ain't beefin' like that
He ain't B.I.G. and I ain't 'Pac we just eatin' off rap
One love

[Hook : Marsha Ambrosia]

[Shout-outs : Just Blaze]
It ain't over, Ladies and gentleman
I go by the name of the one and only, Just Blaze
I got a couple people in the house with me
Usually we do this at the beginning
But we gon' do it at the end this time
I wanna take you to church real quick
So I'mma need some help
I need 1500 or Nothin' wit' me
The wonderful talents of Marsha Ambrosia from Floetry
Ah yeah there we go
The sun is shinin' down on us right now
We feelin' real good, we know y'all do too
So if you feelin' good, sing along
Clap along, stomp along, catch a lil' Holy Ghost
And if you ain't feelin' good God willin'
By the end of this record, we gon' change all that
Ayo Lorenz you ready? There it is, pass me them drumsticks
Alright everybody please join in, ya life ain't good
You can get it right, take this opportunity to do so
And ummm, I'mma let it do what it do
Rest in peace Georgia Elliott, here we go!

[Choir in the background during Just Blaze]
And the sun shines with you

[Continues throughout with ad-libs by Marsha]

[Outro : The Game]
I wanna thank everybody for comin' out. God bless
One love. Good night. Or good day if you on the
Other side of the globe. Yo Just we on the move with
This shit. Doctor's Advocate. See you on the third
Album. Hate it or love it

[Choir continues with ad-libs to end]