[Hook]
I won't stop. No matter what they say
And I'm still fucking with Dr. Dre
It's Aftermath, so nigga stay the fuck out my way
I'm telling you, blood

I won't stop. No matter what they say
And I'm still fucking with Dr. Dre
It's Aftermath, so nigga stay the fuck out my way
I'm telling you, cuz

[Verse 1]
Man, look at the wheels, the motherfucking wheels
Black low and half blood, you niggas know the deal
Fuck lamborghini doors, nigga I ride stock
And fuck you lil rap niggas, homie I buy Pac
Dre told me long time ago,"Joy is pain
You sell 5 million records, some shit gon' change."
He was right, I traded the coupe and bought me a range
No ice to black diamonds in my Aftermath chain
You know I'm gonna ride and ain't shit changed
But the right to claim both sides
(East Side, West Side!)
Ask these, niggas know me down in Bed Stuy
Blowing sticky with them Crooklyn kids
Hit switches on the Brooklyn Bridge, speakers bangin'
"I'm going going," B.I.G. took you there
And Game recognize Game, don't play me homie
Or think cause I'm a millionaire, I won't spray you homie
You know

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
It only been 12 months, I done lost a few friends
Had my baby mama bust the windows out of my Benz
Hip hop police on me every city I'm in
Well, hell, me and Dre, we dipping again
3 wheel motion, chrome spokes on the rims
Run up on us watch that 38 revolver spin
I'm rich Game bitch, I made a few mill'
Now the '64 Impala got a Paul Wall grill
They say I moved out the hood
I ain't keeping it real
So I took the projects
Put 'em on top of the hill
I'm hungry, still rap like I ain't got no deal
You can pop that Cristal, but nigga I pop steel
I'm going diamond, I put that on my first born child
I'm almost there, I ran 99 miles
Bitches, they used to diss me, they feeling me now
They say I rap like the ol' Snoop
On Doggystyle. Ha ha!

[Hook]

[Verse3]
This could be the day you get rich or
This could be the day you try
This could be the day you walk away or
This could be the day you die

Yeah motherfucker, you hear my shit in the club
When you do, 9 out of 10 times, I'm in the club
Stop fucking with Cristal, I can't pay that price
I take twenty 40 ounces and a bucket of ice
Pour it on my niggas, now they flooded with ice
Niggas hate me to my death, cause I'm loving my life
I can walk through any hood, I paid that cost
I ain't felt this good since I got shot in the heart
25 years old, put the tail on the Porsche
25 covers from Double XL to The Source
Dr. Dre chose me, to carry the torch
I spit, cause the D.O.C. lost his voice

[Hook]