All we got is each other
So let's go
Thinkin maybe you should stay a while for the night
Girl, maybe you should stay a while spend your life
Cause i don't want to be alone, for all the women holding down they man
Let me see your hands if you wanna stay

(VERSE 1 - GAME)
Every beginning has its end
And every rappers baby mamma has a benz 
So i say it's ok to have friends
Thank the haters cause without em u ain't shit
Take away the groupies look at all the haters on my dick
When i sold 5 MIL all of a sudden im not real?
Hit a nigga wit da steal now i am jeopardizing my deal
Can't please these haters so i tease these haters
..keep em right where i can c em cos i need these haters
.2 hate on my wrist .. to hate on my bitch
Said i wasn't HOOD 5 so i gave em that 6, then i wrote that 7
And i already 8, Ain't hungry no more i got 9 I'm STRAIGHT!

I never thought I'd be in this mansion
Only be getttin enough to get dope (only growin up to be gettin' old?)
Growin up in carson california
A lot of homies ain't my friends no more
NOW i been around the world
And i've been with a lot of girls
Yeah i drink till a nigga HURL...........

..SATURDAY wake up with a hang over 2 girls in my bed i don't know?
Me and my guy ??? who ain't here no more
Rest in peace to all my dogs
This one here is for all of ya'll
I keep your picture on my wall
..and memories of it aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaalllllllllllllll

(Chorus)
In the club popping bottles with my homies now they gone
Man it feels like yesterday
Wakin up 2 girls up in my bed
Saying let's do it again like yesterday..
On the freeway swervin in my drop TOP haters starin at it but you can't have it
Tonight we going in, the same thing tomorrow
And we gon leave em talkin bout YESTERDAY!

(VERSE 2 - RAY J)
Ere sunday I'm at church with my daddy
Ere saturday I'm out drinkin boooze ? ere sunday im at work in miami
On the yacht with a bottle of CIROC!
New york 2 L.A
Give a fuck what a hater say
I do it big that's the only way
(ay ay ay i JUST WON 200 THOUSAND IN VEGAS =D)
When i turned 16 i got a drop top BEEMER and a 4.6 RANGE ROVE
At 21 i had a all white BENTLEY, 25 I bought a black LAMBO
Goin 80 on the freeway, 100 on a bad day, CRUISIN' on a good day
I Can say i did it all my wayyyyyyyyyyy

(Chorus)
In the club popping bottles with my homies now they gone
Man it feels like yesterday
Wakin up 2 girls up in my bed
Saying let's do it again like yesterday..
On the freeway swervin in my drop TOP haters starin at it but you can't have it
Tonight we going in, the same thing tomorrow
And we gon leave em talkin bout YESTERDAY!

(VERSE 3 - GAME)
..CHARLES LOUBITON!
Summer time , Winter time, Breakfast, dinner time
So far ahead of haters, meet me at the finish line
M.I.A, CHI-TOWN, ATL, MY TOWN!
Follow me on #twitter but I can't be tied down!
Far from a tug boat i can't be pulled left, pulled right
Brown skinned, yellow bone all types
Black wall bandana black car black phantom
Say she use to fuck wit DRE I call her STATlanta
COMPTON Hollywood, intrigued by the fast life
Good girl gone bad, amber rose last night
Sun come out we dumb out, fuck them niggas talkin' bout?
Swagga on a 100 witout pullin guns out
Witout pullin cars out, bitches pullin there bras out
Witout pullin cars out, niggas buyin the malls out
Make them hatas go BLIND, dont ... wait
No jamie foxx here, BUT you can blame it on the SPADE!