[Verse 1: Dan Reynolds]
First things first
I'ma say all the words inside my head
I'm fired up and tired of the way that things have been, oh-ooh
The way that things have been, oh-ooh
Second thing second
Don't you tell me what you think that I could be
I'm the one at the sail, I'm the master of my sea, oh-ooh
The master of my sea, oh-ooh

[Pre-Chorus: Dan Reynolds]
I was broken from a young age
Taking my sulkin' to the masses
Writing my poems for the few
That look at me, took to me, shook to me, feelin' me
Singing from heartache from the pain
Taking my message from the veins
Speaking my lesson from the brain
Seeing the beauty through the...

[Chorus: Dan Reynolds]
Pain! You made me a, you made me a believer, believer
Pain! You break me down and build me up, believer, believer
Pain! Oh, let the bullets fly, oh, let them rain
My life, my love, my drive, it came from...
Pain! You made me a, you made me a believer, believer

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
First things first
Can you imagine what's about to happen?
It's Weezy the dragon, I link with the Dragons
And we gon' get ratchet, no need for imaginin'
This is what's happenin'
Second thing second, I reckon immaculate
Sound about accurate
I know that strength, it don't come without strategy
I know that sweet, it don't come without cavities
I know the passages come with some traffic
I start from the basement, end up in the attic
And third thing third
Whoever count me out, they simply can't count
Let's get mathematic, I'm up in this, huh
Is you a believer?
I get a unicorn out of a zebra
I wear my uniform like a tuxedo
This dragon don't hold his breath, don't need a breather
Love you Miss Cita, the son of a leader
I know that bloomin' don't come without rain
I know the losin' don't come without shame
I know the beauty don't come without, huh
Hold up, hold up, last thing last
I know that Tunechi don't come without Wayne
I know that losin' don't come without game
I know that beauty don't come without
Don't come without…
Pain...

[Chorus: Dan Reynolds]
Pain! You made me a, you made me a believer, believer
Pain! You break me down and build me up, believer, believer
Pain! Oh, let the bullets fly, oh, let them rain
My life, my love, my drive, it came from...
Pain! You made me a, you made me a believer, believer

[Bridge: Dan Reynolds]
Last things last...
By the grace of the fire and the flames
You're the face of the future, the blood in my veins, oh-ooh
The blood in my veins, oh-ooh
But they never did, ever lived, ebbin' and flowin'
Inhibited, limited 'til it broke open and rained down
It rained down, like...

[Chorus: Dan Reynolds]
Pain! You made me a, you made me a believer, believer
Pain! You break me down and build me up, believer, believer
Pain! Oh, let the bullets fly, oh, let them rain
My life, my love, my drive, it came from...
Pain! You made me a, you made me a believer, believer