[Verse 1 - Lil Wayne]
Owhhh, Mario
And young Weezy baby
So ya know that only means one thing;
It's the remix baby

So I met this shawty the other day
I got her number called her up like: "What ya doin'?"
She say: "Nuuu'in"
I say: "What's good?"
She say: "Not much?"
I say: "Guess what?"
She say "What's up?"
I say: "I think we should hook up"
She say "uh"
I say: "What?"
She say: "But.."
I say: "But, why you stuck?"
She say: "Fuck!"
I said: "Who?"
She say: "Not you"
I say: "Then who?"
She say: "You know."
"I know what?"
"You know who"
I say: "I do?"
She said: "You do"
I said: "I do", but I really don't because it's you that I really want
And we can do what you really want
Girl we grown
And if he ain't gone treat you right, then I ain't gone treat you wrong
That's my word
And she done heard so many lies she don't what's true or not
Shawty like a valet service; I swear she been through a lot
But I put her car in park and never let her cry alone
I listen to her heart beat because it plays my favorite song

[Hook - Mario]
I can hear your heart, crying out for me (crying out for me)
I can hear your heart, crying out for me
(And it keeps on saying) Come on in, come on in, come on in and save me
(And it keeps on saying) Come on in, come on in, come on in and save me
(I can baby) I can hear your heart, crying out for me

[Verse 2 - Mario]
Baby, I should've never caught no feelings
But baby, having late night conversations on your sofa
You telling me how he played you out over and over, over and over
But I'm stuck in the middle of seeing you hurt
I know when you love him
And you wanna make it work
And I can't help but think that I knew you first
It's getting louder
Girl I can't ignore you no more baby...

[Hook - Mario]
I can hear your heart, crying out for me (crying out for me)
I can hear your heart, crying out for me
(And it keeps on saying) Come on in, come on in, come on in and save me
(And it keeps on saying) Come on in, come on in, come on in and save me
(I can baby) I can hear your heart, crying out for me

[Bridge - Mario]
I don't wanna confuse things (no)
But I just can't keep lying to myself
When you're holding me (when you're holding me)
I can feel your pain, oh baby let me be your dream
I'm the answer come see me (see me)
And you don't have to cry no more (you don't have to cry)

Girl I can hear your heart baby
I can hear your heart
Girl it's crying
Won't you listen to your heart, baby

[Hook - Mario]
I can hear your heart crying out for me (girl it's crying out for me)
I can hear your heart crying out for me
(And it's saying)
Come on in, come on in, come on in and save me (Save me)
Come on in, come on in, come on in and save me
I can hear your heart crying out for me

Girl I can hear, hear it cry for me, for me, for me, for me

Ladies wave your hands in the air
Ladies wave your hands in the air

Oh baby
It's crying for me
It's crying for me for me