[Intro]
Weezy Baby
Shhhhh... The Fireman coming!
That's right! Hey!
Haha! Hey, the Fireman, bitch! That's right!
Ayy, Birdman! Tell them motherfuckers they gon' have to call...
[...]

[Hook]
I'm the Fireman, fire, F-Fireman
Fire, F-Fire, I got that fire for hire, come and try me and
You can spark it up and I'mma put you out
You can spark it up and I'mma put you out

[Verse 1]
Ain't nobody fuckin' with me man
He-man, ski mask, spending next weeks cash, he fast
And I'm real, fuck a G pass, I'm past that
I'm passing 'em out now, and you can't have that
And my chain Toucan Sam that
Tropical colors, you can't match that, gotta be abstract
You catch my bitch legs open, better smash that
Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at
I see she wearing them jeans that show her ass crack
My hoes can't wear that, why? That's where my crack at
I put my mack down, that's where you lack at
She need her candle lit and I'ma wax that
I rekindled the flame, she remembered the name
It's hard dick, January to December the same
Now, bitch, give me some brain, bitch, give me some good
Ho, I'm the fireman, you hear the fire truck

[Hook]
I'm the Fireman, fire, F-Fireman
Fire, F-Fire, I got that fire for hire come and try me and
You can spark it up and I'mma put you out
You can spark it up and I'mma put you out

[Verse 2]
Now man, I hate a old fake ass nigga
The cold black 8 is my brake-pad, nigga
They look me in my face and say "Amen," nigga
Looking like they done seen a dead man get up
The red bandizzle, representing red hot
Uptown Pep bizzle, shout out to B.Gizzle
I hustle in the drizzle around my way that's the drought
So holler at your boy without opening your mouth
Cause that's the G-Code and that's all that I'm about
You die if you go against it, so I'ma live it out
I ain't got to pay for maintenance, what ain't broke, I don't break it
But I don't mend, unless I make em
And yes I take it, you niggas is getting sicker
You bitches coming, I'm taking about, please say the Baby
Ha! Hollygrove where I come from
So that explains all that humbug

[Hook]
I'm the Fireman, fire, F-Fireman
Fire, F-Fire, I got that fire for hire, come and try me and
You can spark it up and I'mma put you out
You can spark it up and I'mma put you out

[Verse 3]
It ain't no secret, I know paper
You got stacks, I got cake, that's dough by the layer
Shit, I seen it all through my Bottegas
Aviator's, so Darth Vader, shhh
That's the sound of the dutchie, no flavor when it blaze up
Lil Weezy Baby so hazed up
Caged up behind a million bars of flame
Still make a million of these bars the same
Ya'll bars to blame, why I bought the thang
Long body, motherfucker, bring that short back mayne
You cased out, Phantom, riding with a tandem
For now, cause after tonight, I can't stand 'em
Your child may sometimes think that I'm Santa
My style, the white Air Forces, red canvas
Tadoww! Yeah, Develop on the beat
And me, I just come with the heat! I'm the motherfucking...

[Hook]
I'm the Fireman, fire, F-Fireman
Fire, F-Fire, I got that fire for hire come and try me and
You can spark it up and I'mma put you out
You can spark it up and I'mma put you out

[Outro]
Yeah
C2, C2, C2, C2, C-
You can't see me, but I see you
And I see you, Lord!
I-I-I-I got 'em
I-I-I-I-I got 'em
Aye, aye P, I got 'em
Aye, aye B, I got 'em
Aye, aye D, I got 'em
Aye, aye Boo, I got 'em
Aye, aye Spitta, I got 'em
Aye, Raw Dizzy, I got 'em