[Intro]
Weezy Baby
(Shh, the Fireman comin')
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeaah; yea!
Uh-oh, I'm back, that's right
Birdman! They gon' have to call the law
Uh-uh! I'm back! What ya gon' do now?

[Chorus]
I'm the Fireman, Fire, F-Fireman
I got that fire, I'm hollering, I got that fire, come and try me, and
You can spark it up and I'mma put you out
(Get 'em) You can spark it up and I'mma put you out

[Verse 1]
Ain't nobody fuckin' with me man, Heatman, ski mask
Spending next week's cash, he fast
And I don't even need a G pass, I'm past that
I'm passing 'em out now, and you can't have that
And my chain, Toucan Sam that
Tropical colors, you can't match that, gotta be abstract
You catch my girl legs open, better smash that (what?)
Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at (boy!)
I see she wearing them jeans that show her butt crack
My girls can't wear that — Why? That's where my stash at
I put my mack down, that's where you lack at
She need her candle lit, and I'mma wax that
I rekindled the flame, she remembered the name
It's Weezy Baby, January, December, the same
Mama gimme that brain, mama gimme that gut
'Cause I'm the fireman, you hear the firetruck

[Chorus]
I'm the Fireman, Fire, F-Fireman
I got that fire, I'm hollering, I got that fire, come and try me, and
You can spark it up and I'mma put you out
(Get 'em) You can spark it up and I'mma put you out

[Verse 2]
Fresh on campus, it's the Birdman Junior
Money too long, teachers put away your rulers
Raw Tune, not a cartoon
No shirt, tattoos, and some war wounds
(Sexy!) I'm hot, but the car cool
She wet, that's a carpool
Been in that water since a young'n, you just shark food
Quick Draw McGraw, I went to art school
Yeah the lights is bright, but I got a short fuse, don't snooze
Been handling the game so long my thumbs bruised
Your new girlfriend is old news
You ain't got enough green and she so blue
Cash Money Records, where dreams come true
Everything is easy, baby, leave it up to Weezy Baby
Put it in the pot, let it steam, let it brew
Now watch me melt; don't burn yourself, 'cause –

[Chorus]
I'm the Fireman, Fire, F-Fireman
I got that fire, I'm hollering, I got that fire, come and try me, and
You can spark it up and I'mma put you out
(Get 'em) You can spark it up and I'mma put you out

[Verse 3]
Yeah, riding by myself; well, really, not really (well...)
So heavy in the trunk make the car pop a wheelie
Who? Weezy Baby, or call me Young Baby
My money 360, you only 180 (that's right!)
Half, of the game too lazy
Still sleeping on me but I'm 'bout to wake 'em, yep
I'm 'bout to take 'em to New Orleans and bake 'em, yeah
It's hot down here, take a walk with Satan, yeah
Come on mama, let the Carter make ya
Toss you like a fruit salad, strawberry-grape ya
They ball when they can, and I'm ballin' by nature
Addicted to the game, like Jordan and Payton
Y'all in the race, and me, I'm at the finish line
Been running for too long, it's time to give me mine
Straight down your chimney, in your living room, it's I
Weezy, allergic to wintertime — Hot!

[Chorus]
I'm the Fireman, Fire, F-Fireman
I got that fire, I'm hollering, I got that fire, come and try me, and
You can spark it up and I'mma put you out
(Get 'em) You can spark it up and I'mma put you out

[Outro]
Yeah, I-I-I got 'em
I-I-I got 'em
Ay, B – I got 'em
Ay, T – I got 'em
Ay, Slim – I got 'em
Yeah, don't worry
Don't worry
I'mma put you out