[Intro]
Drought 3, hear my chains... ha!
That mean I'm ballin, bitch... if ya didn't know
If you wasn't informed, or somethin' like that
This is Da Drought 3, and um... check this out

[Verse 1]
Yeah, imagine waking up out ya sleep to them pistols blastin
And if the witness is dead, there's no trial
If you didn't know then, ho, well, ya know now
And I don't mean basketball, when I say I don't know Yao
Money money money money: boost my morale
Play with my money money money: O.K. Corral
I like a bitch with a apple bottom, like Vokal
The top is at my fingertips, like I ain't got no nails
I got blood brothers bitch, I ain't got no pals
I make a girl get low, like I ain't got no L's
I'm a paper chasin' dog, check my toenails
And I never miss a game, no Shaq O'Neal
More like Brett Favre, just like Brett Favre
I been shot two times; just wipe that off
But I thank you for putting me right back, Lord
And to you, Father, I would give my life back for it
That knife that sword; that gun, that war
Make ya so-called soldiers just run like Gore
Yeah, Frank that is, from San Francis
And I got more banana clips then chimpanzees
Ten addresses and I dresses
Like I thinks I'm the muthafuckin' best there is
And I'm about to bubble and she catch that fizz
And I'm straight from Claiborne, nigga; just ask Liz
Check ya neck, there ain't a crook like this
From the city where the judge throw the book at kids
Burner in school, in my bookbag hid
Talk stupid at lunch and we havin' ya ribs
If you are not home, then we havin' ya kids
And if you can't come up with half, I'll send ya half of ya kid
Back to the board, an extravagant crib
I'm on the toilet watchin' Martin, just laughin' and shit
Don't know why I get high, but I get high
I get high like every single day
We do shit that them other women can't
Mary Jane, what is it you've done to me?
I pop a beat and start rollin'
And then I smoke it like a muthafuckin' stogie
Peep how I wrote it, I was rappin to the
Ding-ding-ding-ding... fuck it

[Hook]
Get high, rule the world, and that's that
I need all my funds, yeah, all my money baby
Black diamonds and pearls, believe that
I made bling bling and my chest look like a mural
I'm nuts, just call me Squirrel

[Verse 2]
My fetish is the girls, but the women, not the girls
Act your age, not your shoe size, maybe we can do the twirl
I'll be the Prince of her Pearl-tongue, earring in her pearl-tongue
If she come, let her girl come, give her a pill, give her girl one
Party time, excellent, yup, Wayne's World
Campbell's soup on the wrist, just call me Earl
Lil' Marl, don't shoot em, ya heard?
I get high, my words slur, I start callin 'em Merle
Hey, Merle, light that firre
And I know this old, but I'm really "Hot in Herre"
I went with the Phantom, my niggas coppin' the spurs
My hand's in the pot, I'd rather eat and stir

[Hook]
It's I against the world, and I'm strapped... yeah
I bring all my guns... shoot mothers, fathers, babies, damn!
Black hand guns to serve, we could see
But we are so blind to the signs they tryin' to lose the world
And we will walk right up with our guns, yup, hand n' hand, yeah
We'll march right after the drum, but I don't need no band
Nigga, Drought 3