[Intro: Haddaway, Eminem, & Lil Wayne]
Love, love
Love, love, love
[Mumbling chorus]
Don't hurt me
Don't hurt me no more
Young Money, yeah
No more
Love

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne & Haddaway]
Throw dirt on me and grow a wildflower
But it's "Fuck the world," get a child out her
Yeah, my life a bitch, but you know nothing 'bout her
Been to hell and back, I can show you vouchers (no love)
I'm rollin' Sweets, I'm smokin' sour
Married to the game, but she broke her vows
That's why my bars are full of broken bottles
And my nightstands are full of open Bibles
Uh, I think about more than I forget
But I don't go around fire expectin' not to sweat
And these niggas know I lay 'em down, make your bed
Bitches try to kick me while I'm down, I'll break your leg
Money outweighin' problems on a triple beam
I'm stickin' to the script, you niggas skippin' scenes
Uh, be good or be good at it
Fuckin' right, I got my gun, semi-Cartermatic
Yeah, put a dick in they mouth, so I guess it's fuck what they say
I'm high as a bitch, up, up and away
Man, I'll come down in a couple of days
Okay, you want me up in the cage?
Then I'll come out in beast mode
I got this world stuck in the safe, combination is the G code
It's Weezy, motherfucker, Blood gang, and I'm in bleed mode
All about my dough, but I don't even check the peephole
So you can keep knockin', but won't knock me down
No love lost, no love found

[Chorus: Eminem, Lil Wayne, Both, & (Haddaway)]
It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now (yeah)
You kicked me when I was down
But what you say just don't (hurt me)
That's right, it don't (hurt me)
And I don't need you (no more)
Don't wanna see you (no more)
Ha, bitch, you get no (love)
You showed me nothing but hate (haha!)
You ran me into the ground
But what comes around goes around (yeah)
And I don't need you (don't hurt me)
That's right, you don't (hurt me)
And I don't need you (no more)
Don't wanna see you
Ha, bitch, you get (no love)
No! (No love) No! (No love) No! (No love)
Ha, bitch, you get (no love)
No! (No love) No! (No love)
And I don't need you (no more)
Get 'em!

[Verse 2: Eminem, Lil Wayne, & Both]
I'm alive again, more alive than I have been
In my whole entire life, I can (yeah)
See these people's ears perk up as I begin to spaz with the pen
Uh, I'm a little bit sicker than most
Shit's finna get thick again, they say the competition is stiff
But I get a hard dick from this shit and I stick it in
I ain't never giving in again (yeah)
Caution to the wind, complete freedom
Look at these rappers, how I treat 'em
So why the fuck would I join 'em when I beat 'em? (yeah!)
They call me a freak, 'cause I like to
Spit on these pussies 'fore I eat 'em (haha)
Man, get these whack cocksuckers off stage!
Where the fuck is Kanye when you need him? (oh!)
Snatch the mic from 'em, bitch, I'ma let you finish in a minute
Yeah, that rap was tight, but I'm (yeah!)
'Bout to spit the greatest verse of all time
So you might want to go back to the lab tonight and, um (yeah!)
Scribble out them rhymes you were gonna spit
And start over from scratch and write new ones
But I'm afraid that it ain't gonna make no difference
When I rip this stage and tear it in half tonight
It's an adrenaline rush to feel the bass thump
From the place all the way to the parking lot, fellow
Set fire to the mic and ignite the crowd (yeah)
You can see the sparks from hot metal (yeah)
Cold-hearted, from the day I Bogarted
The game, my soul started to rot, fellow (yeah)
When I'm not even in my harshest
You can still get roasted, ‘cause Marsh is not mellow
'Til I'm topplin' from the top, I'm not gonna stop
I'm standin' on my Monopoly board (uh)
That means I'm on top of my game
And it don't stop 'til my hip don't hop anymore (shit)
When you're so good that you can't say it
‘Cause it ain't even cool for you to sound cocky anymore (shit)
People just get sick ‘cause you spit
These fools can't drool or dribble a drop anymore (ow!)
And you can never break my stride (nope)
You'll never slow the momentum at any moment
I'm 'bout to blow, you'll never take my pride
Killin' the flow, slow venom
And the opponent is gettin' no mercy, mark my words
Ain't lettin' up, relentless, I smell blood
I don't give a fuck, keep givin' them hell
Where was you when I fell and needed help up?
You get no love

[Chorus: Eminem, Lil Wayne, Both, & (Haddaway)]
It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now (uh)
You kicked me when I was down
But what you say just don't (hurt me)
Yeah, that's right, it don't (hurt me)
And I don't need you (no more)
Don't wanna see you (no more)
Ha, bitch, you get no (love)
You showed me nothing but hate (yeah!)
You ran me into the ground
But what comes around goes around
And I don't need you (don't hurt me)
That's right, you don't (hurt me)
And I don't need you (no more)
Don't wanna see you
Ha, bitch, you get (no love)
No! (No love) No! (No love) No! (No love)
Ha, bitch, you get (no love)
No! (No love) No! (No love)
And I don't need you (no more)
Ha, bitch, you get (no love)