Oh yes I love her like...
Oh yes I love her like... egyptian
Want a description? her body's sickenin
I can be her prescription, I can be her physician
Sexual healing, I can be her religion
And now shes kneeling, praying to the ceiling
I bless her as if she sneezed
Must be the weather, I dress her, I am her sleeves
I am her feathers, shes fly
Flyer than you, flyer than me
I love her, she loves me too
I love her three... times more than her mom
Time will tell that I'm the nigga
That she should, we should
Be wherever she wanna be
Be on her late night, mid day, AM
Just say when and I know I be with cavemen
But never... mind them
Shes poison and I am Michael Bivins
See I know y'all don't hear me
But she does, we does
What grown folk do when they had too much to drink
And I think, we had to much too drink and...
(Oh yes I love her like...)
Pussy, Money, Weed, Pussy, Money, Weed, Pussy, Money, Weed
Oh yes I love her like I ought too
I see you at the alter mrs. carter
I see you with my daughter
Or son, more than one
Maybe five like the jacksons
Or john pacson
Just don't let them f*ck up the mansion
And daddy will be home later on
Smelling like the cologne
That I put on this morn
And I hope that you smell like woman soap
And shampoo and lotion
And perfume and candles
And I'm a run thru that pussy like a vandal
Yes I'm nasty as a Scorpio
But I'm a lucky Libra
Got her wet like shes sweating out a fever
Leave her to me and she'll be smiling
Every single time you see her
From ear to ear
I wanna be beside her when she sleep and she lay
Or we can stay awake and watch the next day
Clothes are overrated, panties are debated
Einstein... her head is the greatest
(Oh yes I love her like...)
Pussy, Money, Weed, Pussy, Money, Weed, Pussy, Money, Weed
Oh yes I love her like her dad told her
No man would ever love her
Oh and I better be the only man
Sticking it, licking it like an envelope
Mailing it, sealing it, read it
I have written down victoria's secret
Don't tell nobody, don't share your body
With nobody, not even a finger
I will cut it off and let him keep
That as for weezy, baby
And at my station we have sex orientation
When I hit it she squint like them orient asians
I do me, I say hey miss chung lee
I like to see your booty
Roll like sushi, I'm tryin to dip my celery
Up in her blue cheese
Ah's, oo wee's, wa la's, ta da's
Mhm's, ah ha's, oh yes, never oh no's
Until I have to go, and then it's never oh no
I tell her don't cry, I be back like the electric bill
And when she butt naked she dress to kill!
(Oh yes I love her like...)
Pussy, Money, Weed, Pussy, Money, Weed, Pussy, Money, Weed
Oh, oh yes I love her like...