[Verse: Lil Wayne]
Damn, she bad, damn, she thick
And I may not know her perfect, but damn she it
And she thick and she right, damn, she nice
You can be my judge, baby, yeah, I'll do life, give me life
And I know that you be dancing till your toes hurt
But I can make your toes curl, I can make your soul jerk
We can soul search, and I also got that street credit
I got more work than any dude you knew
Girl I am a Blood, soo-woo
I hear you want somebody you can call "boo"
I will change my name to "Boo" and fuck around and call you
Now what you wanna do?
Because whatever that may be, baby, I want do that too
And ooh, I can GPS you, ooh, what you going through?
Like a pair of wet-and-sticky Vickies, girl, I'm on you
Okay ma, the mood is so right, light two and take flight
My nigga T.I. is the King, I am your Prince, your knight, right
You don't need a Superman, you just need a man like Weezy
(Baby!) And I can make you feel the same way
We can postpone and stay home like a rain day
She'll have the salad, just put her on Wayne's plate
What you know bout having syrup poured on that pancake
Nasty as I wanna be, or nasty as you like me to
Be, I hope you like me too, but now you know I like you too
Three A.M. room service, serve ya
You can be my dessert, be my caramel sherbert
Call your mama, we can make a baby
And the way you work that mic in the video is so (Crazy!)
And that chair or stool move was cool
You make me wanna *ooh*
But I'mma be cool, I need a moment
I think you are the finest human on earth
We can get together, I can help you with that homework
Take your ass to school, too, boo
Teach you all the rules you never knew, we need a moment
I could be your future, I could be your teacher
Be your professor, write down this lecture
You want some extra credit? Let me check your homework
I could be your tutor and help you with exams
No failing, or it's summertime for you
You got them Goodies and I got a sweet tooth
Now can y'all blame me?
Shit, Hov got Bey, and I just want Ci
See, I just want to see if you're taller than me
No, really, I want see if you're my Mrs. Carter-to-be
Yeah, I know, this is pretty awkward for me
But I jus act like you are talking to me when you say

[Interlude: Ciara]
Aww, I mean everything that I say
From the bottom of my heart
I would never, never ever hurt you
I open my heart

[Lil Wayne]
Believe that, and I agree that
Open up your heart to me and you won't get the key back
Ms. Ciara, you are colder then blue
And baby, I ain't talking to nobody else but (you)

[Refrain: Ciara]
(There's nothing I won't do) There's nothing I won't do, baby
(To spend my life with you) To spend my life with you
I'll give my all to you
I promise I will never lie, oh

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, Weezy F
Who better? Who else? But me? Haha
Hey, sweetheart, I don't care what nobody say
Real niggas gon respect it, y'dig?
Aye, darling, you are all that
Whatever that is, I'd sure like to know
Let me cut that out man, aye straight up
I just did this, Mama, 'cause you, you deserve it
Young Carter, I'm out!