[Intro: Akon & DJ Khaled]
Ohh ohh! (DJ Khaled!)
Konvict Music (We The Best!)
Yeah (We takin' over, listen!)

[Verse 1: T.I.]
Started in Atlanta, then I spread out with it
South Carolina, Alabama, Mississippi
On to North Carolina, Philadelphia, Virginia
From down in Miami where it warm in the winter
On up to Minnesota where it storm in the winter
Jacksonville, Tallahassee, Memphis, Tenn; holla at me
Be in H-Town, Southside, Cloverland, daddy
I'm the man out in Dallas, better ask Khaled
Kept me out in Cali with my eyes open barely
Blowin' and spinnin', goin' down Bennett
Drop 6-4, 3-wheel, then switch it
Red light stop, make it drop for the bitches
Got a Glock 4/5th, blow your head off with it
Anything you hear that I said, I meant it
King got the crown, then sped off with it
Say you need bricks, I said "I'll get it."

[Pre-Hook: Akon]
If you want to, we can supply you
Got enough work to feed the whole town
They won't shoot you unless you try to
Come around and try to stomp on our ground

[Hook: Akon & DJ Khaled]
'Cause we takin' over (one city at a time)
Said we takin' over (one city at a time)
Said we takin' over (one city at a time)
Said we takin' over (one city at a time)
Oh oh (Listen!)

[Verse 2: Rick Ross]
Boss, it's what I does
I get money er'ryday, er'ryday I does
That Benz is how I ride
Black flag on the left, two hoes and ride
You better move, AK all day
Get shot up like Shyne, that's on my neck
I'm big like Diddy; damn it, I'm with it
Khaled, we did it, Biggie of my city
Please no fitted, fuck it, I'm too pretty
I'd rather get brain, stupid, I'm silly
Money that come runnin' like water
Mami so hot, damn it, she gorgeous
Miami on fire, you better be cautious
Might get shot on the porch of your fortress
Yeah they see it but no one reports it
I run this, Rick Ross, boss shit

[Hook: Akon & DJ Khaled]
'Cause we takin' over (one city at a time)
Said we takin' over (one city at a time)
Said we takin' over (one city at a time)
Said we takin' over (one city at a time)
Oh oh (Listen!)

[Verse 3: Fat Joe]
Blat, when you see Crack, better duck
Like the MAC gotta EZ pass, nigga what?
Shit, I don't give a fuck, I run these streets
Y'all talk that shit, I walk that beef
I'ma tell you like a G told me
They'll come back quick if a nigga OD
Cash rule everything around me
I'm YSL, Versace
You could see me in that Porsche GT
Comin' down Sunset, sittin' on D's
Feelin' like Pac: all eyes on me
Fresh bandana and I'm blowin' mad trees
Nigga please, I spit crack, every verse a ki
Some say "Khaled," some say "Khaleed"
Twelve years down and I'm finally free

[Pre-Hook: Akon]
If you want to, we can supply you
Got enough work to feed the whole town
They won't shoot you unless you try to
Come around and try to stomp on our ground

[Hook: Akon & DJ Khaled]
'Cause we takin' over (one city at a time)
Said we takin' over (one city at a time)
Said we takin' over (one city at a time)
Said we takin' over (one city at a time)
Oh oh (Listen!)

[Verse 4: Birdman]
Birdman daddy, I'm number one
Nigga came at me wrong, so we got him done
Fuckin' with the fam, I'ma give him some
Spent that corner, he didn't run
Sunday had a whole church singin' a song
Why'd they have to send my baby home?
Fuckin' with some niggas, that paper long
Been a G in the game, now my son on the throne

[Verse 5: Lil Wayne]
Ah, I am the beast
Feed me rappers or feed me beats
I'm untamed, I need a leash
I'm insane, I need a shrink
I love brain, I need a leech
Why complain on easy streets?
I don't even talk, I let the Visa speak
And I like my Sprite Easter-pink
And my wristwear Chopard, but the Muller's cooler
I have more jewels than your jeweler
Touch and I will bust your medulla
That's a bullet-hole, it is not a tumor
Red light, read light, stop your rumors
I stay on track like a box of Pumas
Now just r-r-rock with Junior
I am the Little Big Kahuna, y'dig?

[Outro: Akon]
'Cause we takin' over (one city at a time)