[Intro: Juelz Santana]
DipSet, Weezy at holla me
Welcome to the concrete jungle
Got snakes, got bears, got lions, no muzzles (no muzzle)
And they all tryin to cause me trouble
Got the big trey-8, long nose, no muzzle
"Aye aye
Hold up, Drama where you get that shit from nigga?
Man that's exclusive, run that fuck back, aye"

[Verse 1: Juelz Santana]
Welcome to the concrete jungle
Got snakes, got bears, got lions, no muzzles (no muzzle)
And they all tryin to cause me trouble
Got the big trey-8, long nose, no muzzle
Back up off me shorty, if not?
Surely that piece'll come off me shortly (shortly)
My hood breed gangstaz, boy
You wanna be down? Let's see now, no, thank you, boy
My niggas'll fish fillet you boy (nope!)
Then go and tell ya moms to get the paper boy (yup!)
Your son is no longer just a paper boy
He's front page on the paper, boy, read about him (look!)
Extra, extra, read about it! (look!)
While we get twisted, laugh, and smoke weed about it (look!)
And can't nobody do a thing about it
'Cause they'll be in the same boat, literally, the same boat (yup!)
Floating across the same sea (yup!)
Through the same water (yup!)
Don't fuck with them same Gs! (yup!)
Don't fuck wit that man please!
Don't fuck wit his money, don't fuck wit his gangrene!

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Aim, squeeze, Wayne be on the back street
Shotty on the back seat, fuck 'em, if you ask me
Make 'em look but them niggas can't look past me
Pass the weed to the next nigga, that's me
Let's see, B-E-N-Z, A-M-G
21 inches, and I got them bitches skin-deep
Tempt me and anything can happen, I ain't rappin
I ain't shootin at you soldiers, bitch, I'm goin for the captain
I ain't shootin at your shoulders, bitch, I'm goin for your cap and
I won't stop cappin 'til your wings start flappin
And you, you just an angel in the streets full of gangstas and
Me, I'm from the home where murder make ya famous and
I think I'm 'bout to get that trench off the hanger
And the mask out the drawer, but I never hide the banger, I'm Straight playa, if you love her, don't bring her
I'll tell her lil shit, like, I can make her ass a singer, and she
Believe that, we back at the crib, she like
"How it shoot if it's plastic, for real?"
I'm like, "Fall back ma, your ass need to chill"
Then she rolled on my dick like an ecstasy pill, haha
I smoke Beverly Hills, whatever, that kill
That leave a nigga with that heavenly feel, yeah
Step and I will step in your grill, yeah
And leave a nigga with that heavenly feel, yeah