[Intro: Lil Wayne]
If you saw me, would you understand
That I can't stand you with another man?
I see you happy where your life is at
I see you smile, I can't live with that

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
'Cause what about me? Yeah
I stayed up all night for you
Girl, girl, what about me? Yeah
I shut down my life for you
Now you run around with him, and him, and him
How you do that?
How you act like I never held you every night?
And now you never call back, please
Girl, girl, what about me?

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Oh, tell me, do you ever think about it?
Those lonely nights when you 'bout lost it (Oh)
The only time that you would call
Was just to tell me it's my fault (Oh)
I let you cry, I let you worry
I let you yell, I let you hurt me (Oh)
I gave you everything you needed
Now you gone, gone, gone
Tell me, how you do that to me? Yeah

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Girl, what about me? Yeah
I stayed up all night for you (Yeah)
Girl, girl, what about me? Yeah (Girl, what about me?)
I shut down my life for you (I shut down my life)
Now you run around with him, and him, and him
How you do that? (Oh)
How you act like I never held you every night?
Now you never call back, please (Please)
Girl, girl, what about me?

[Refrain: Lil Wayne]
Oh, girl, girl, girl, what about me? Me?

[Verse 2: Post Malone]
I ain't never been no one to let it go (Let it go)
Never thought I'd see you leave me in the cold
Every time that you got mad
You would leave and come right back
Always bringing up the past
Guess you couldn't handle that
Where you at when you're not with me?
You ignoring my calls
Look how quick you forgot 'bout me
I'm waiting

[Chorus: Lil Wayne & Post Malone]
Girl, what about me? Yeah (Girl, what about me?) (Oh)
I stayed up all night for you (I stayed up all night) (Oh)
Girl, girl, what about me? (What about me, girl? Yeah, what about me, girl?)
I shut down my life for you (I shut down my life)
Now you run around with him, and him, and him
How you do that? (How, girl?)
How you act like I never held you every night?
And now you never call back, please (Please)
Girl, girl, what about me? Me? (Yeah, what about me?)
Oh-ho-oh