[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Uh, what happened, what happened?, what happened?, what happened?
Yeah, damn, girl, what happened?
What happened? What happened?
What happened? What happened?
I thought you weren't fucking with me no more
Damn, girl, what happened?, what happened?
I thought you wasn't fucking with me no more
What happened?
What happened?

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
She said ''oh, you got that comeback'', she said my dick is a necessity
Drop my drawers, and pull out my longevity
She just hop on it, and then she forget everything
Oh she so open, who’s obsessed with me, when she leave me, she come back like she ain’t never leave
She talk bad about my new bitch, cause we got chemistry
She said ''it ain't jealousy'', allegedly
I thought you weren’t fucking with me no more
Girl, what happened?, you act like you don’t miss me , oh my god you suck at acting
I am like I thought you don’t fuck with me no more, girl I’m laughing
She said, she get real, when that vibrator out of batteries
She be talking about how she moving on with her life, she tired of my shit and she can do better
She told herself; she ain’t fucking with me no more
She lied to herself, she'll lie to who whatever
Talking about, she seen me with such and such
I say it’s nothin', just fuck and duck
She said ''yeah, right, nigga, what I look like?''
I said ''just like my next daughter or somethin'
So she said ''ohh, you make me sick
I love you, I hate you, I’m leaving, I’m lying
Cause none of them niggas, can never be you, they can never be you, the  "o" nor the "Y"
If she’s over me, I look up to the sky, I see her falling for me like a bomb
She said ''I know you'll miss me when I’m gone''
I just co­sign and we make up for lost time

[Bridge: Lil Wayne]
She always say , this is the last time
(She always say , this is the last time)
She love better, than she lie
(She love better, than she lie)
She always say, this is the last time
(She always say, this is the last time)
She said that last time, wait(She said that last time, wait)

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
I thought you weren’t fucking with me no more
Girl, what happened
I thought you weren’t fucking with me no more
Girl, what happened
Hold up wait
You’re lying to ya self, (stop lying) you compromise with yaself, Wait
I thought you weren’t fucking with me no more, wait
Hold up wait
I thought you weren’t fucking with me no more
Hold up wait
Damn girl what happened?
Hold up, hold up, hold up
What happened, what happened?
Hold up
What happened, what happened?

[Verse 2: 2 Chainz]
First you change your email, then ya number became private
I bet you think you found another nigga you can vibe with
Quit lying to yourself, retrace all ya steps
Fucking with them suckers, they gonna have ya playing with yaself
I’m a smooth operator; you don’t need a vibrator
Licking everything below, the navel, cause I’m able
Ball so muhfuckin' hard, tape my ankle
Ball so muhfuckin' hard , check my bankroll
First talkin' bout you don't fuck with a nigga, go outta town like you done with a nigga
Really ain't much, she ain't done with a nigga
Shots, straight liquor, make a nigga wanna lick it
I put the ''ex'' in the exceptional, put the ''ex'' in the extra­ho
I put the ''X'' in X and O
I got the game in professional, yeah
My dick is the antidote
She like me on top like an antelope
That time that I smoked with ya bestfriend
I wanted ta fuck ya’ll on the patio
You miss when I kiss on your ear-ring
You miss when I kiss on your clit ring
Thats why I put you in this 16
I’ll fuck you and watch you on the big screen
Yeahhhh!!

[Bridge 2: Lil Wayne]
You always say , this is ya last time
You always say , this is ya last time
You tell her that I care for, you tell her that I care for
You always say, this is ya last time
You always say, this is ya last time
You said that last time, girl wait


So let’s break up, and make up like Pleasure P


[Hook: Lil Wayne]
I thought you wasn’t fucking with me no more. girl, what happened
I thought you wasn’t fucking with me no more. girl, what happened
You’re lying to ya self, (stop lying) you compromise with yaself
I thought you wasn’t fucking with me no more, girl, what happened
I thought you wasn’t fucking with me no more girl, what happened
You’re lying to ya self, (stop lying) you compromise with yaself
I thought you wasn’t fucking with me no more
I thought you wasn’t fucking with me no more
Damn girl what happened
What happened
What happened

Know what I am saying, no auto tune on this shit Collegrove