[Intro: Album bitches]
- Guess just where I left? I just left Compton Swap Meet, and guess who I seen?
- Who you seen, girl?
-Girl, do you remember that dude who lived across the street from Kelly Park, what's his name? Tweedy Bird Loc?
- Who is that? I don't remember him!
- But anyway, girl, I heard he got album out now
- Well, I wanna meet him!
- Oo, girl, I seen him first though...
- Fuck that! We can both hit that!
- That's right. You know, he got some money and all that...

[Verse 1: Tweedy Bird Loc]
I remember once upon a time when I was broke
And being looked and laughed at as a muthafuckin joke
And bitches would give me no play
Just because a nigga didn't have no money
But the shoes are on the other foot now
So Tweedy Bird Loc is about to straight clown
All you materialistic, scandalous ass bitches
That be tryna get with me for my riches
But you hoes ain't real
The only reason why you jockin me is cause I got a fuckin record deal
But I'mma let you bitches know
That I'm not no Rest Haven for no goddamn hoe
Cause bitches in 90's cost
And I'm ain't with taking no motherfucking loss!
So what the fuck made you bitches figure
That I'm the type of nigga that's gon give my money to a gold digger?
Cause I ain't with kickin it
Cause in my book, bitch, being broke is a sin
So back the fuck up off my line with that bullshit
You goddamn album biiiiitch!

[Chorus: Fo' Clips]
You's an album bitch
You's an album bitch
You's an album bitch
You's an album bitch

[Talking by the two females over Chorus]
- ...nothing's for free!
- That's right, You gotta pay if you wanna lay because it ain't working that way, baby!
- I know he could live it up!
- Yeah, with them fat pockets he got!

[Verse 2: Tweedy Bird Loc]
Fuck what you bitches stressing, cuz I ain't tha one
The only thing I'm giving to a bitch is a hard dick and some bubblegum!
Cause you bitches is a trip, you might has a bomb ass cunt
But you can't get me pussy whip
Cause I'm ain't with getting sprung
Cause I know the best bitch is the next one
That's why I treat bitches like trash
Once I beat up the pussy then I'm dumping their ass
And when they come back talking about "why you dog me up?"
I stick my dick down their tonsils and beat their muthafuckin mouth up
And then I tell'em that's what your ass get
For trying play a nigga like me for my chips
Cause I don't give a fuck about no hoe
Espiecially if the bitch ain't making me no dough
Cuz the economy is fucked up
So I'll be damned if I gave my money to a slut
But you bitches don't have to beg
Cause you got a lifetime check between your muthafuccin legs
So you best to get your ass on strip and flaunt it
And cash in on it
Cause when it comes to me your ass ain't getting shit
You muthafuckin album biiiitch!

[Hook: Fo' Clips]
You's an album bitch
You's an album bitch

[Outro talking over Hook:]
- Look at this baby little motherfucker
- You know he fucks homegirls around the corner here
- You goddamn right I fucked that hoe
- And paying them for the pussy too!
- You a muthafucking liar! I ain't kickin it to no bitch! Yeah, bitch, the best bitch is the next one in my book, ho! That's why mine can't get played! Anytime I got money I can get laid, bitch! Haven't your ass heard, hoes ain't into men with the fucking biggest toys wit it?! Bacc the fuck off my line with that bullshit! I'm behind bitches in the 94!
- Talking about he got an album out and he ain't paying!
- All you bitches out there trying to get a nigga to get you pregnant: I'll leave your ass with a baby in the carriage bitch, but I ain't getting married to no ho! Fuck a bitch! Ha-haaa!