[Hook - Sample from "Fuck Wit Dre Day": Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg]
Luke's bending over, so Luke's getting fucked
Luke's bending over, so Luke's getting fucked
Luke's bending over, so Luke's getting fucked

[Verse 1: Fo' Clips]
Now grab your shit, we on a mission to Miami!
Picc up Camp and the real big Luke told them no crying
Tony Ak and the deuce-deuce
And these type of niggas is down for the mission
To search and then wait for a chance to do a licc!
We creeped on their ass real slow with our Compton strolls
Gloccs up, heads down, bitches hit the floor!
Taking that cash, whippin' that ass like Muhammad!
I leave no drama, while I'm deep up in yo mama
See, Compton is a city that's built to last
Fuccin with us, we put caps in your ass
Now I'm rolling through your city wild as fucc
To any nigga that cause me blows gets fucced up
Got your bitches saying: "Don't leave, daddy!"
I'm headed bacc to Compton in my 64 Chevy, punk-ass nigga!
Fucc Miami!

[Hook - Sample from "Fuck Wit Dre Day": Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg]
Luke's bending over, so Luke's getting fucked
Luke's bending over, so Luke's getting fucked

[Verse 2: Lil' Leak]
Now as I roll real slow in my 64
Young Leak, with a talk about to blast on a punk
Old fake-ass nigga wanna talk shit
I do dirt from my hood see it don't quit
You say there's cowards in Compton, well come to the city with me!
You'll get smoked, gunned down till the gun's empty!
But I'm from Inglewood so I'ma get myself props
I wear Khakis, drink 40s and I kill cops
‘Cause where I'm from see we're all in the same gang
Don't give a fuck, fuck Luke! It's a G-thang!
I'm in the house, Young Leak's flowing G-shit
But now I'm out; Miami, suck a phat dick!

[Hook - Sample from "Fuck Wit Dre Day": Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg]
Luke's bending over, so Luke's getting fucked
Luke's bending over, so Luke's getting fucked
Luke's bending over, so Luke's getting fucked
Luke's bending over, so Luke's getting fucked

[Verse 3: Keystone]
Hey see but
You know that  what I'm saying ain't no joke
Miami Vs. Watts, you muthafuccas finna get smoked
On the real tip, always strapped, so I don't slip
I empty the clip, it's down for me with that  bullshit
You Miami triccs wanna trip, slip and flip?
You can succ on a dogg dicc, you 909 bitch!
‘Cause ain't no jokes allowed on a tip deuce
Where niggas get born to kill so muthafucc a gang truce
Niggas in Watts are trying to live with the peace G
But, what I'mma do when a nigga try to test me?
Ain't no running and hiding never done that
A nigga trying to bust I grab my shit and I blast bacc
I rolled the Philly and then I lit it up
I took a look at the fool laying in blood I said "Watts' up!"
He tried to get me, but I played cool
‘Cause ain't no jokes allowed so Miami can succ a dicc, fool

[Hook - Sample from "Fuck Wit Dre Day": Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg]
Luke's bending over, so Luke's getting fucked
Luke's bending over, so Luke's getting fucked

[Verse 4: Tweedy Bird Loc]
What's up, Luke? I heard you dissed my city
Looking like Urkel, bitch, step in a circle
Yeah, when I see you in traffic, don't trip and choke
With that Compton line; throw your shit up, loc!
When I'm in your town, I holla at you: "Hey-ho!
I caught you succin dicc for a five piece of yayo!"
Your mouth is like a pussy with a gap; my dicc is going in
Fucc that shit you talking, nigga, succ on my dolphin!
Fucc the 2 Live Crew, especially you!
Name the time and place, Nigga -- Pay per view
So we can chunk him; and I'll choke yo' ass
"You can't touch me" when I drop these "Hammers" on your bitch-ass!
Running a "Soul Train", nigga; fucc the Grammys
This is East-side Compton, so fucc Miami!

[Hook - Sample from "Fuck Wit Dre Day": Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg]
Luke's bending over, so Luke's getting fucked
Luke's bending over, so Luke's getting fucked
Luke's bending over, so Luke's getting fucked

[Outro: Tweedy Bird Loc over Hook]
Yeah, Luke! Fucc the muthafuccin 2 Live Crew, nigga!
Fucc the mothafuccin "Cowards in Compton"!
Fuck the mothafuccin Poison Clan
H-Town
Yeah, nigga
I ain't knoccin no muthafuccin boots:
I'm knoccin muthafuccas out!
I'm in the house nigga with tha Young Soldiers:
The mothafuccing Bloods and the Crips, nigga!
Banging On Wax is in the mothafuccin house!
My homie Big Bun, KeyLow muthafuccin G
Duke E. Fingaz, nigga, and his brother, Leroy
Yeah, nigga, my homeboy Red Rum, Lil' Leak
Yeah, Fo' muthafuccin Clips
Dangerous Records is gonna be ripping the shit up, in the 9-4
So Eazy-E, all you muthafuccas out there, brother --
Watch out, nigga, ‘cause we ripping shit up!
Yeah, bitch, and let's get our walk on
"Cowards In Miami!"
Ha, ha, ha, "Cowards in Miami!"
Hah, haa
Yeah, Luke, with your Leon Haywood looking ass
Big gap muthafucca, you fuccin pricc muthafucca
Ha, ha, ha, ha