[Verse 1: Tweedy Bird Loc]
Instinct pisses me the fuck off:
Every time I hear a bitch open up her goddamn mouth
And speak up on some bullshit
Like that dumb ass song ("Who you callin a bitch?!")
So now I'm calling you a bitch, bitch
‘Cause you took upon yourself to respond that punk shit
Or get mad yo and throwing a fit
But baby, I know that your momma didn't name you bitch
But you take the shit wrong
So you must be a bitch, ‘cause you put the fucking shoes on
And you supposed to be a Queen?
But bitch you can suck on my muthafuckin dingaling
And ain't nobody trying to make a sister feel low
‘Cause a bitch is a bitch, and a hoe is a muthafuckin hoe
But I'm here to let your ass know
That I'm check fancy bitches in muthafuckin 94'
‘Cause I don't give a fuck
I'm not the type of nigga that's gonna tell a bitch to keep her head up
Especially you, bitch, ‘cause you don't like men
You muthafuckin lesbian
That's the reason why you "living single", bitch:
‘Cause you never had a real man to mingle with!
But you can be my buddy and get down with OPP
If you come into my house and go down on me
And taste this dick
‘Cause that's the new type of flavor for your ass to roll with
But since you don't like men get the fuck out my house
Before I beat your muthafuckin mouth up
‘Cause I'm naughty by nature, and they don't call me D-Nice
But if I beat your ass, I will be doing 25 to life
But I'll be damned if you put me on handcuffs
The only thing you gon be cuffin, bitch, is deeez muthafuckin nuts
So grab your sweatshirt, your basketball, your Nikes and your mic
Jump your dyke ass on your motorcycle and take a fuckin hike
But before you go, listen to me, G:
Ain't nothing good gonna come to you till you do right by me
And get you some dick
Queen Latifah, yous'a dyke ass biiiiiitch!

[Hook: Fo' Clips]
Who's the dyke on the mic?
Bitch that's right ("Who you callin a bitch?!")
Who's the dyke on the mic?
You's a bitch and that'll be for everyone to see ("Who you callin a bitch?!")

[Verse 2: Fo' Clips]
Well, it's so many bitches out there like you
And so many niggas like me
See that's gonna fuck you
You all about about game and I know
What you want is this dick down your motherfuckin throat
Now come
Walk by me, with them cut off shorts
So watch my fingers do the muthafuckin walkin
‘Cause you the type of bitch that don't understand
Tryin to wear the pants of a man with your dyke ass
I hear you hollering that I'll handcuff shit
I guess you wanna get your black brothers twisted, now peep this
"You and I on the beach..."
Fuckin bitch, making history
And hoe what the fuck you gotta let me know?
I ain't hearing ya!
I'm too fucked up off that indo
A bitch like you I do real good
Take it to my hood, tell you what you wanna hear
Do what I wanna do and how my whole crew do you
And don't act shy, there ain't no need to hide your pussy
You think your shit's sacred? Bitch, get naked!
And there ain't no reason why I'm like this
It's just a game that I got from you punk ass bitches

[Hook: Fo' Clips]
Who's the dyke on the mic?
Bitch that's right ("Who you callin a bitch?!")
Who's the dyke on the mic?
You's a bitch and that'll be for everyone to see ("Who you callin a bitch?!")
Who's the dyke on the mic?
Bitch that's right ("Who you callin a bitch?!")
Who's the dyke on the mic?
You's a bitch and that'll be for everyone to see ("Who you callin a bitch?!")

[Outro: Tweedy Bird Loc]
Yeah, MC Lyte I wanna fuck you too since you a ruffneck!
I'm wanna go up in all you dyke ass bitches
Turn your ass back straight!
Nefertiti, all you hoes!
Any dykes out there want some dick?

[Hook: Fo' Clips]
Who's the dyke on the mic?
Bitch that's right ("Who you callin a bitch?!")
Who's the dyke on the mic?
You's a bitch and that'll be for everyone to see ("Who you callin a bitch?!")