[Verse 1: Lil Leak]
Yo Kris, you was hard now you're real soft
You sold out to the white man, fool and I'm pissed off
Real mad ‘cause you diss the G's
Sayin gangsta rap won't last? Bitch, please!
Freeze while I go and get my Tec-9
Busting caps on your ass till you learn to respect mine
I don't give a fuck about the East Coast
Come close, get knocked on your ass with the right blow
To your motherfuckin chin and neck
Chin checking on you bitches till you give us respect
And I can see that you like them fat hoes
And like Toucan Sam you got a big nose
See, you used to bust caps now you're yelling "Peace!"
But I'ma stay strong balling with my khakis
Kris, yeah fool, that's how we do it on the new year
The West Coast is up on thangs and y'all outta here


[Hook: Fo' Clips]
Outta here! (Tweed got his chrome I say yo it's on)
You motherfuckers outta here!
You're outta here (Tweed got his chrome I say yo it's on)
You motherfuckers outta here!
(Tweed got his chrome I say yo it's on)

[Verse 2: OYG Red Rum 781]
Y'all pissing me off trying to get us lost in the system
I gotta twist 'em and I don't need for me to listen, peep
The East Coast is crooked as a squiggly line
I rep gangsta cause gangsta was on my mind
I need the life I live like a D-O-G
F-U-C-K the NYC, you know who I be
It's Redrum, coming from the wicked west coast
Step to the flame and get turned to toast
You can't come close,  ease down the Yellow Brick Road
We keep on bangin and slangin thangs, as if you did not know Time to show and tell so heed the words that I speak
Rap city play the same shit four times a week
I tweak like a sucker maniac I don't care
Guess what, you punk bitch? You up outta here!

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Silkski]
The Fresh Prince stacker's busting caps loading clips trigger fiending today this nigga popping my check
But niggas call me sucker when I'm known as hit and run hitting ditches
Flipping switches, dropping smoke filled guns
Lyrical impact, fools would get jacked
Rolling twenty deep, yeah nigga it's like that
Boom, shake the room, nigga not hardly a Prince is a bitch
Nigga, you a lollipop sucker, punk motherfucker, now find your ass a rock to crawl under
Bitch, you are outta here


[Verse 4: Tweedy Bird Loc]
This goes to all you muthafuccas that's against gangsta rap:
I hope you and your mommas have a muthafuccin heart attacc
And you goddamn right! I said it, bitch!
Tweedy Bird Loc is bacc, talkin much more shit
And if you don't like it, succ my muthafuccing dicc
But I'mma continue to kicc this shit how I see it
‘Cause knowledge is gained through experience fools
And we can only rap about shit we done been through
And that's what you muthafuccas don't understand
If I was livin like Alice I would be rapping about Wonderland
But I ain't
So why should I try to rap fictional bitch, when I can't can't?
‘Cause when it comes to this gangsta rap shit
Mary just ain't Poppins bitch
So now it's time to me to flip the scrip
So I can check this bitch, that's trying to trip
‘Cause only niggas that's real
Would diss a fake ass muthafucca yo at will
Yeah, KRS, you muthafuccin None
I hope you don't still think you rank number one
‘Cause it's my turn
I got a valuable lesson, that YOU MUST LEARN
‘Cause you's a fuccin fool
So save them goddamn sermons for Sunday School
‘Cause I don't wanna hear your ass preach rappin bitch
So you can miss me with that hypocritical bullshit
And this is my philosophy
You sometiming ass muthafuccas just kill me
‘Cause at first you was Criminal Minded, punk
And now you mouthing off at the mouth with that junk
Talking about gangsta rap is up outta here
But you can suck a fat baby's dicc, you fuccin queer
‘Cause you pissing me the fuck off
So take your sleek stacd bacc to the land of the lost
With the rest of them hypocrites
That's claiming that they used to be from the streets, bitch
Like Fat Ass Joe and Vanilla Ice
Everlast, MC Serch and that punk Pete Nice
1994 is the gangster's year, so all you lollipop rappers
Get the fucc up outta here

[Hook]

[Outro: Tweedy Bird Loc]
Fucc The South Bronx! KRS-None, you're outta here!
Ultrafagnetics, you're outta here!
Queen Dyke-Tifah, you're outta here!
Lucy Campbell, you're outta here!
Fucc The Poison ass Clan, you're outta here!
Tim muthafuccin Frog, your punk ass is outta here