(Verse 1: Lil' Stretch):

Livin' life in the fast lane, killin' off shit like the Lebanese, out the (inaudible), comes a child of the seventies. Rollin' through your hood, nigga layin' down, commence to leave a nigga's whole hood a ghost town
But i told you once, and you (inaudible) twisted, 4 dead 3-(inaudible) of the Soldier did it
Comin' down with the niggas that hang with me, never have to worry about the what (inaudible) say for me
For the simple fact that them niggas bang with me, and some of you niggas say you killas but just claim to be, and somehow somewhere, yo i heard it was on, Rampage, grab the gauge, time to peel some domes
G-Pops came through with the Desert Eagle, fuckin' feed your fish nigga if you ain't our peoples, and these sucka-ass niggas will keep runnin' their mouths, *and i'mma knock your mothafuckin' ass out*!
And i slang these thangs, so fool brace yourself, you wanna talk that talk so let's walk that walk!

(Verse 2: Lil' Stretch & Big WY):

Lil' Stretch: From the first bullshit, i pick yo' ass with a (inaudible)
Big WY: Y.G. is what i B, so it strikes to be young
Lil' Stretch: They offer you counselling to learn from your mistakes
Big WY: But instead i hit the drank, and learn to retaliate
Lil' Stretch: They pickin' up the tricks of the trade, real good
Big WY: I keep the enemies droppin', to keep the hood poppin'
Lil' Stretch: So yo a Soldier, a young one to say the least
Big WY: Uniform, fully creased khaki, two-piece
Lil' Stretch: Niggas comin' to yo' hood, wanna start static
Big WY: Fo' fo' Desert Eagle, full metal jacket
Lil' Stretch: So you think you tough, just because you little bigger?
Big WY: (Inaudible) pull the trigger, FUCK walkin' with another nigga

(Verse 3: Unknown):

Some of you mothafuckas say that you need some, and some say you want some, but me myself, i say you niggas can't get none!
A little fat-faced nappy-headed nigga from the streets, rollin' deep with they heat, knockin' fools off their feet. As we creep, late night, through, the city streets i got to keep, one step ahead, you know if i don't i'm dead, so hold your last talk, i bet you didn't think that i can walk that walk, just because i talk the talk, (inaudible: down when you walk that talk...)

(Verse 4: Dogg):

Well if you gonna talk that talk, better walk that walk, nigga-like grandpa told me 'fore i got bigger: "man you can't, talk a good game but they can't slang them thangs, when they fuckin' with a real mothafucka Mack". Got a little older but i really never grew in size, had to be a Soldier, holdin' boulders, come and test mine. Now it's '94, comin' up fast in the game, movin' through, (inaudible), dippin' in the gutter like
Yak i'm drankin', niggas i'm bangin', my condition is mint, bitch, and use that swangin'. But now it's too late, you had to talk that talk, tell yo' (inaudible) up nigga, and let's walk that walk!

(Verse 5: Young Keystone):

In hatin' memory of the fool who try to trip and got smoked, you shouldn't have fucked with Keystone, and put the gauge to his throat. Pull the trigga then i knew i had the feelin' for killin', with no remorse and smoke a blunt and hit the drank now i'm chillin'
Try to let him know the 90's was the age of the killin', now when a nigga drink a 40 got a blessin', my nigga. You know the code is killas grew up in the city of Tombstone, if you scared to die don't enter the wild zone, 'cause there, you never go home the same (inaudible) is, my (inaudible: whole sweet home), yo my home is where my strap is
Home ain't where the heart is 'cause niggas ain't wise and young, was the only thing my (inaudible) around Watts is the shotgun. The pistol with pump, known to y'all as the .410 Mausberg, so once again watch these niggas get served. And if they trip and then you need a quick healin' then come to Watts and that's for Young Keystone, age of the (inaudible: villain)

(Verse 6: C-K (Lil' Leak)):

*(background dice-shakin' noises)* Shootin' dice in the hood and my point is 5, in this California life cannot survive. With the gangs and thugs, that's known to trip, them gangbanging (inaudible: nopes) slangin' Bloods & Crips
When they hang out all night bustin' caps, drinkin' 40s, (inaudible), smokin', singin' raps. And it's on if the other side (inaudible: droves by), hit the 9, do a murda, make his mother cry. And make him pay for the shit that he did to me, rest in peace, Big Bo, you was missed in the '93
Nothin' but (inaudible) was a born killer, young Leak, with the gangsta ways, i was a drug dealer
Servin' all day, makin' ends meet, through with the homies on the (inaudible) rollin' real deep. And watch these fools flock around like a hawk, talk that talk, before you walk that walk, punk

(Verse 7: Fo' Clips Eclipse (Young Malcolm)):

Now we gon' let the mothafuckin' gunshots come, 1, 2, 3, Fo' Clips on another mission
God damn, i got two Glocks and a MAC-10 ready, to put my fuckin' work in my ends to show, and i need a fucking lick, i creeps on a store, punk-ass Korean bitch
Jump across the counter with the mothafucking quickness, loaded the clip, in the bitch just for screamin'. Now my heart is pumping, i think she hit the fuckin' alarm but, but that ain't stoppin', because i'm from Compton
The bitch lied there in a pool full of fuckin' blood, still servin' for some ends before i ran
Gets the fuck out the fucking store with the quickness, jumpin' to a tight 1977 Cutlass
Now you know how a young nigga walk, nigga, now talk that talk, and start walkin' that walk

(Verse 8: Unknown):

I see some niggas in the front shootin' dice, we creeped up quite, when we left you what nothin' nice
So niggas spotted Hammer with the MAC, he tried to reach for his strap, slugs tore off his back
You should've seen the way my boy had that MAC spittin', breakin' niggas in half, yeah, he wasn't bullshitting
Straight watchin' niggas drop, bitches screamin', from the multiple gunshots
Rippin' niggas' chests like Silly Putty, bitch stress nothin' less, now who wanna fuck with me
Breakin' niggas down and stompin' 'em out, Lil' Stretch took a shot, come (inaudible)
See you wanted to talk (inaudible), let's see if you will (inaudible: though), meet me on the 5, and we'll get our walk on

(Verse 9: Tweedy Bird Loc (BK)):

Started at a young motherfucking age, a youngsta, of the most hated niggas in the hood, i was among the worst!
And the best talk is always cheap, nigga die come wit' it, 'cause i be playing for keeps
It's on every nigga's mind, that try and take me out, fucked up, that real shit is what i'm rappin' about!
Shot a nigga in his face, at point blank range, a product of my environment, ain't shit finna change!
(Inaudible: Many nice), i thought about tossin' that talk, but all that shit came after i walked that walk!
The worst you can do for me is kill your motherfuckin' self, and when you do that Tweed will fuck your whole self!
Same bitch, it's over, i told ya, no bullshit, get my ass paid, '94!
I'm puttin' on them shoes, then payin' my dues, step outside you talk, you walk which the fuck, yet you choose, nigga