[Verse 1 ]
Tweedy Bird got a bone to pick, some ass to kick
So give me the K so I can bust this dope shit
You say you want a scoop on the infamous group
You got the truth so let me take you back to the fucking root
Back in 1987 Eazy selling dope by his mum crib
Shooting dice at the park like all the niggas did
Taking the 8 ball to the head the bitch got an idea
To play a crew and deal with a fucking Jew
40Gs on the hands of a white man
Trusted in him before you think about your own clan
So___ high level, go grab a shovel
Because the nigga made a deal with the devil
You use to be a real McCoy
Until you came up and turned your back on your homeboys Instead of getting your homies from the park
You went out your way to hire a bunch or marks
Then you can say you put your real homeys
On your video flicks - but save that shit
Because an excuse is only good for the person who makes it. You sold out and now you straight faking it
But that’s okay because the homeys understand
You’re just another nigga own by the white man
So take DJ Speed and that white girl Sally
Jump on that asshole band and take your ass back to the valley
Because what you preach is dead
So put that shit on your own kids head
And of course you ain’t no role model
So fuck your NWA and your 8 bottle
And who the hell told you, you was a violent hero?
Take notes from me, bitch you’re a zero
As for your women you made your choice
You choose Terry B so now I’m fucking your girl Joyce
Yeah! I fucked her and I had fun
And no it wasn’t easier said than done
So take it personal because your respect is short
You better keep talking dollars 'cos you gotta pay child support
And it ain’t my flout the hoes'll get you for your riches
But you should had babies by twenty different bitches
I ain’t jealous, but bitch you gotta come home
But until then let it be known what really going on

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Verse 2 goes of to the gangsta's of America
MC Ren is a fictional character
Ain’t that a bitch, punk you ain’t a ruthless villain
You ass a lie, you ain’t never did a killing
Always talking kill this and kill that on the microphone
But couldn’t burst a grape with razorblade shoes on
Bitch tell the world the truth for real
You ain’t gon' kill nothing or let nothing be killed
Cause you a prankster
You and Eazy-E is the Milli Vanilli of gangsters
Got some records, fine cars and making a grip
But you are missing an Oscar for perpetrating as Crip
You resemble a bastard when is time to squad
Who you do a drive by on a motherfucking mirage
So you thought I would pay you no mind
But the nigga like the Tweedy Bird ain't blind to your kind
The only reason you punk come to Compton is to get to school
Pass out t-shirts to promote your fucking group
Nigga this is Tweedy B, you used to look up to me
But you got ghost when you dropped the LP
You went out like Eazy and your sold your soul
So fuck you and fairytale rapper CPO
That goes for Lil Nation, Chip and Pork Chop
Fuck around with the U-double-U-C and get mopped
Cause my homies got my back
A-K-A Double D, Kilo-G and Battlecat
My brothers told me it would be days like this
But the real niggas from Compton is on the KP list
KB, DC, Booboo, , , and all the rest I don’t mentioned you know the time
We’ll diss you but we really wanna peel your dome
I’m Compton strong so now whats really going on

[Hook]

[Verse 3]

I remember the days of old, when Yella and Dre was just like Prince wearin' pantyhose
Yeah fuck fiction I’m telling the facts brothers
Yella and Dre is two gay motherfuckers
When they were in Crew and becase niggas with attitude. Dre, beat up on women like D but I dare your punk ass to run up on me
Cos' I show you whats up. I treat you like a salad and toss you the fuck up. and Yella you need to go, you remind me of that bubblegum gangster Bazooka Joe. this goes out to Eazy and your whole damn crew. you don’t give a fuck about the homies, so we don’t give a fuck about you. you think black khakies and hat will make you brave but you fuck with my posse and you end up in your grave. cuse we give all we got to give. and don’t forget punks we now where your mamas lives. cus when we roll, we roll hard. straight out of Compton no, out of your motherfucking backyard
So whats up with you D O to the C I hear you got fucked up when you run into a tree. so now you need your ass wiped, go call the doctor because you and Michel'le sound a like. Eazy when Ice Cube left your ass, Dre blast and you think that shit is gonna pass? as I expose the bitches and hoes, NWA stand for niggas weak anyway. another scoop on the punk ass group. you learned that Terry B is an undercover prostitute. how many winos have you known to wear a Compton hat? besides Eazy, Terry B. bitch you ain't black
To Michel'le with that fucked up voice, “something's in my throat” and its a dick
To ATL you got a lot of growing up to do. we ain't the Lench Mob but we'll be stepping up to you
Shouts out to Tim Dog I like how you punked their crew but you dissed my city so fuck you. make a note of this, next time don’t even speak, cus you’re just like a calendar, you weak. South Bronx got a problem is a female dog, so put your bitch on a leash if it got teeth. and let me stress a little something you South Bronx motherfuckers can't touch Compton. and to you D Nice, fuck around and ill be doing 25 to life. ill fuck you up so bad you be yelling out peace and when you get back home they’ll be calling u Denise. cus a punk like you ain't able, to stand up to me, so now there is crumbs on the table. I got the flavor cuse my city is gonna stay strong. time expire so now whats really going on

[Verse 3]