[Verse 1: Troll Loc]
Pour out some liquor for the niggas who ain't here
I miss all my homies and everyday I hold back tears
From Junebugg to Tim, B.G. Lunch and Lil' Blackjack
Eddie Loc, Scatter Brains, C-Money, Lil' Beep-Beep and T-Black
You know you got love, from the Kellys you ran with
We wish you was here but I just can understand it
K's up to my niggas lyin' permanently in the sleep
I never forget you cause Kelly love runs deep

[Verse 2: Lil' Stretch]
Yeah
This day: Friday, June 10th is day we buried my motherfuckin' dog
Y.G. Hen you know I'm sayin'
Five Line homeboy, we love you dog

[Verse 3: Lil' Laniak]
Peace to the motherfuckin' Ace
The motherfuckin' Duece and the Four
B-H-I-P to the homie Fangs-Fang, O.B
Young Hammer, T.C., T.I., Scoop, Deep
T-Spoon, Lil' Jay, Chilly Bun, O.G. Scrap
O.G. Ray Boy, Meat Loaf and Love Boy Pico

[Verse 4: Rider J]
Yeah, I dream all dreams
But some dreams just don't come true
To all my niggas Drivin' In Peace
Monte Long, Ride, Dynasty Dave
Big Mil, B.G. Mark, Big, B.G. Devil, Kelly, Kim
To my nigga Lil' Cee, Big Grim and Vapooh
Ronald, Tana, Fancy
To that nigga Warren
All y'all Drive In Peace

[Verse 5: Dogg]
May the 13th, felt kinda hard to share
My nigga Lil' Kash straight disappeared
I remember at the side we used to kick up dust
Smokin' gang of bud, fuck a gang of sluts
So ask I wipe these last tear and I sip the 'yak
To keep you in memory I put your name on my back
Weirdo In Peace Lil' Kash
We love you homie
Never forget you Dog
Pluto Rest In Peace

[Verse 6: Scarface]
What's up Cuzz, this is B.G. Scarface from Atlantic Drive Compton Crip gang
I only give it up for my homeboys who Drivin' In Peace
My homeboy Dynasty Dave, my homeboy Hulk
Mark, Milford, Monte, Devil, Warren, Rowdy and Benson
And my homies from South Side
Lil' Cee, Vapooh, Big Grim ?? Rest In Peace
I only give a shout out to my homeboy B-Jay from N-Hood Rest In Peace
My homeboy Lil' Bee from Kelly Park, Rest In Peace
Lil' Sicc from South Side, Rest In Peace
Lil' Chico from Carver Park, Rest In Peace
Lil' Jay from Spook Town, Rest In Peace
Lil' ?? from Grape Street, Rest In Peace
And I can't forget about my buddy Lil' Eighty Buff from West Side Nutty
This B.G. Scarface and my homeboy B.G. Devil
Drive In Peace, Cuzz
See you when I get there

[Verse 7: Lil' Hawk]
Last but not least I'm woop woopin' for back down Mafia Lanes
Pourin' out some brew for the M.I.P. crew
Bazzarro, Stacy, Jackie and Uncle Bee-Bee
Red Eyez, Rampage, Spike, Sneak
D-Wag, G-Nutt straight Bickin' In Peace
Much love to you niggas from Lil' Hawk Y.G
And to this day, shit ain't been the same
And four menace to the homies in jail

[Verse 8: AWOL]
I had a homie, T-Black, you can say T.P
A down motherfucker from the K.P.C
You see kickin' it tight
And down in the 'O'
Doin' missions on them niggas, Crip shit you know, you see
He was down for the ruthless shit
Smoke three enemies and remember that bitch
Did drive-by on the ones we called jokes
And smoke a few more for my homie G-Loc

[Verse 9: Batman]
Sometimes I wonder why my homies have to die
Everytime I think about Big Nina put my head up to the sky
Batman and everybody who down for this
East Side 80 Street Swans and I cry for this
Cause I be lovin' my homies like a blood brother
You better look out or die cause I'ma kill a motherfucker
Yeah, shot outs goes to all the motherfuckin' Young Soldiers
You know I'm sayin'
B-Dogs in the motherfuckin' house
All the fallen soldiers just died for this B thing
You know I'm sayin'
We in this motherfuckin', we won't stop, you know I'm sayin'
Can't stop, Won't Stop, yeah you know I'm sayin'
Cause the only thing to promise to you motherfuckers in life is death
You gon' believe that

[Verse 10: Crip Inch]
Kelly In Peace to my homie Jay-Bo
Dun, uh, Rest In Peace, B-Jay from Pockett neighborhood
Nigga G-Low, Montana
The homie Handle
Right
You know, Tim
All my homies K.I.P. Cuzz
Crip Inch, K's up

[Verse 11: Lil' Laniak]
Yeah, the Denver Lanes that's Bickin' In Peace
My big homie, the Lil' Laniak
The gangsta Kriki Loco, Real One
Psyco Mike, Vin Rock
Joo-Joo, bigger little brother
Fro-Dog, Big Grim Lok, Red, Midnight
Jay Dee Duse, Dee, the homegirls [?] and Ko-Ko
The homies just locked up and the homies in the hood, I love you
L gang for life

[Verse 12: Cixx Pac]
Yeah, this Six-Pacc from Franklin Square Crip, "F" for death motherfucker
And this goes out to my nigga Tiny Half Dead Cuzz
Yeah, F.C.I.P. nigga, fuck them reds
Know what I'm sayin', Franklin's up, "F" for death

[Verse 13: Green Eyez]
Yeah, Rest In Peace to my nigga Nutty Boy, West Side Jungle Stones
A-Baby Warren, A-Bay and my nigga Pumpkin, Inglewood Family
From Green Eyes, I.F. to death, blood