[Intro: Tee Grizzley]
What your city like?

[Verse 1: Lil Durk & Tee Grizzley]
What your city like?
Where I'm from gotta keep that blick on you
Park at your crib, have my young niggas hit on you
You a killer or a snitch, you gon' kill me or trick on me?
What your city like?

[Alternate Verse 1: Lil Durk & Tee Grizzley]
What your city like?
Shit when you gon' wake up to sirens, niggas be violent
And my bitch strapped like she dyking
They told me don't talk to 'em but fuck who don't like it
What your city like?

[Verse 2: Tee Grizzley]
My city be shakin' that bag
My city got hoes that's shittin' on niggas
But even the hoes get hit in they head
What your city like?

[Verse 3: Lil Durk]
My city had changed the culture
I be with vultures
I can be with you for days, and I'll be the nigga that poke you
What your city like?

[Verse 4: Tee Grizzley]
My city the home of Meech, home of the riots
My city violent, niggas'll tell you they love you
But really they don't even like you
What your city like?

[Verse 5: Lil Durk]
Shit, I'm from the city of Hoover
Bump and slide, we was robbin' the jeweler
I was in school but shit had made me a shooter
What your city like?

[Verse 6: Tee Grizzley]
I'm from the city of Kwame
Clean up the scene, wipe off the choppers
And drive to the lake and get rid of the bodies
What your city like?

[Verse 7: Lil Durk]
Shit, we do not honor no OG
They smoke you and turn you to OG
Had that young nigga take that case, he juvy
You must be stupid think you gang gang, boy your ass a goofy
Know some bitches that be crackin' giffys, they be boostin'
What your city like?

[Alternate Verse 7: Lil Durk]
Shit, foe'nem be stuck in the trenches
30 extensions, you can hit with the (?)
You know we gon' rob with the 50
Why you tweakin', nigga?
Foe'nem be ridin' in steamers
Lookin' for lackers, lookin' for niggas off perkys, niggas always be leanin'
What your city like nigga?

[Verse 8: Tee Grizzley]
If it get like that then it get like that
Beef slide down we gon' get right back
Nigga just like that
Got locked, told niggas I'ma be back
Soon as I got back got three plaques
Opps on Twitter, we ain't gon' tweet back
I'ma pop off broad day, no ski mask
My city where the pirhanas at
Jump in that water and drown in that
I hit Kentucky with three hundred grams for five days and bring ninety back
I started off with a ninety pack
Such and such, he can vouch for that
Can't say his name all over these tracks
'Cause that nigga know where the body at
What your city like nigga?

[Verse 9: Lil Durk]
Shit, we take the drugs to Iowa
Home the swiper
When you a gangster don't go off a title
I know some opps that's scared of the bible
Yeah yeah, pick up the Glock and put down the rifle
Seventeen with a seventeen
This ain't back then, we not fighting

[Verse 10: Tee Grizzley]
Can't come to our cities, they know what's up with 'em
Cool with the killers, they really my niggas
They opps mobs, can't fuck with them niggas
Durk on his way to Detroit, better call me soon as you hit
I'ma put choppers around you, my nigga don't even trip

[Verse 11: Lil Durk]
Shit you on the way to the Chi? I'll link you up with the six
Shit, two Glocks shawty wrong, yeah you gon' ride with them sticks
And I know your ass on parole, so two Glocks in the dip
And I heard blood turned crip, olympic medal how he flip
Aye T, put me on them Detroit bitches

[Verse 12: Tee Grizzley]
That shit gon' be easy, only thing they hate is decoy niggas
You ain't gotta check in the hotel, my nigga just come to the crib
As far as the hoes, you fuckin' off rip, they know who you is
Tell Booka I'ma get him a bitch that got her some paper
'Cause rich hoes love real niggas, they don't need 'em to save her
I'ma get up with you later, I gotta go see my agent
Next time I come to Chi make sure you return the favor

[Verse 13: Lil Durk & Tee Grizzley]
I'ma return it
Put on a condom, she burnin'
How the fuck you know she burnin'?
Shit, I heard that she burnin'
She must don't know me yet, think I buy her a Birkin bag
Bitch, your lil twerkin' ass
You ain't even worth a bag, yeah nah

[Alternate Verse 13: Lil Durk & Tee Grizzley]
I'ma return it
Put on a condom, she burnin'
How the fuck you know she burnin'?
Shit, I heard that she burnin'
Ay, growin' my dreads I'm sick of the fade
Cali West sider baby makin' plays
You not a gangsta you is a lame
Durkio, how the fuck I get with Dej?
Turn up