[Intro]
Yeah
It's real shit nigga
Real talk
My life exchange for yours
Yeah nigga...
Yeah, we all caught up
In this never ending cycle
Ghetto ain't no harder than mine
It's real shit...

[Verse 1]
I fear no man breathing, no man walking
I keep my mouth shut; let my gun do the talkin'
I've seen a lot of close friends tossed in coffins
For chasing that money, not ever knowing what it really be cost them
If you been in my position, you probably know what I'm going through
Rob, steal, kill whenever your bills overdue
Sounds bad, but situations get uncontrollable
Hoping you can make it before the Ghetto can grab a hold of you
My memory flooded with mistakes that I can never make up
It hurts so bad, sometimes I sleep and hope I never wake up
How can I go on living? I'm trading bullets with the opposition, definitely Destined for prison
Or the grave, I need to get my life together
A new age slave, man I can’t live like this forever
And yeah it’s a shame, because I know can do better, then holding loaded Birettas
Ready for whatever to get the chedda' nigga!
It’s the same from your hood to my blocks

[Hook]
I wake up in the morning to the sounds of gunshots
And I can’t sleep, living with beef and police
I'm just caught up in the cycle, stuck in the streets
I said the ghetto is the same from your hood to my blocks
I wake up in the morning to the sounds of gunshots
And I can’t sleep, living with beef and police
I'm just caught up in the cycle, stuck in the streets
When will I ever wake up?

[Verse 2]
Damn, I'm back in these handcuffs
Officer pulled me over said, get out with my hands up
But livin' in Gary, on the daily we get harassed by police
Got narcotics in my pocket, and my heat under the seat
I ain't fucking with nobody just tryna' get on my feet
Been unemployed for weeks, so this is how I gotta eat
A lotta' people say I'm just another waste of a black mind
Hustling on the same grind, killing my own kind
Put my life on the line for a couple of bucks
You considered the risk I'm taking this don't pay me enough
Having babies with different ladies, living life in a rush
The truth is, I don't give a fuck!
When will I ever wake up?
Or will just end up another statistic?
Just a number to the government?
Stuck in the system maine!
This shit will make you go insane
Everyday, I'm losing homies in this muthafuckin' game
And the ghetto is the same from your hood to my blocks

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Yeah, blame the system, they blame it on hip hop
The content of my lyrics, got these young niggas brainwashed
But I got out the streets to do this shit for a livin'
As rappers we should pay attention to the message we sending
I ain't trippin', go get your money because I'm tryna' get mine
But I know niggas that will sell they fucking souls to shine!
I swear the business ain't appealing to me!
There is niggas dying over petty ass industry beef
I must admit sometimes I spit and think my label don't really know what to do with me
And I be broke, before them crackers make a fool of me
Before I be a puppet, they be reading my eulogy
My music a reflection of my community
So nigga wake up!
Lead us away from the devil
Lord show us a sign
Put up your metal, your ghetto ain't no harder than mine
And it's a muthafuckin' shame, everyday I'm losing homies in this muthafuckin' game!
And the ghetto is the same from your hood to my blocks

[Hook]

[Outro]
Uh, When will I ever wake up?
Yeah, When will I ever wake up?
Yeah
When will I ever wake up?
I said the ghetto is the same from your hood to my blocks
I wake up in the morning to the sounds of gunshots
When will I wake up?
When will I ever wake up?
When will I ever wake up?