(Intro)
Water, Water  Hah Hah Water
Bitch, Nigga rich like water Y'all about to get that sick shit my nigga. Kane
Black like water  Yah, Yah

(Verse 1)
Bitch
Straight to the tippie top
Boy don't show up with less than a fifty knot
Hit your home and picture the drippie drop
F150s and Chevys is lifted
I took the seats out the SS I ripped it out
Put my shit on Xzibit I pimped it out
Turn your bitch to a gymnast she flippin' out
Freddie Kane, neck and wrist got that drippy drop

(Verse 2)
Water, Water
Nigga took a zip up about to drop it in the water
Yah Ghetto CVS I can fill a nigga order Yah
And my youngest kill a nigga when I get an order Yah
Wrapping up and packing up Southern California
Selling a pack of girl scout cookies out the drawer Yah
Just a little black boy with the white yola Woo
Used to get the black tar boy from the border
And I got it from the border
Cross behind gate with no neighbors nigga
Sold that weight put my lady on acres nigga Yah
Government thought the case was gonna break a nigga Yah
Cut the homies off I cannot save a nigga
Weight on the table but I'm not a waiter nigga
Hit my bitch and got the walls stuffed with paper nigga
[?] can cope with the laser nigga
Cut the homies off I cannot save a nigga

(Chorus)
Fuck these niggas [?] ride a wave
Fuck these hoes [?] ride a wave
50 on my wrist plain Jane nigga that’s the wave
Eight figures deep on [?] that's the way
(x2)

(Verse 3)
Straight to the tippie top
Pop the trunk hop out the the fifty knot
Used to leave momma house with a fifty count
Fifty rocks in my sock that they feel me now
Don’t do hoes at my shows, no new victims now
Put a bitch on a flight I can send them out
VVS in my necklace I'm [?] out
Niggas leasing the jewelry they rented out
I can not feel it now
Seen the clip through my Cartier lenses now
Keep the eight fifty stack I just [?] it out
Moving low key to KC I'm tinted out
Share my OG Big time boy you raised a nigga
Said be better than me save your paper nigga
Can't go back to cocaine on that razor nigga
Cut the homies off I cannot save a nigga

(Chorus)
Fuck these niggas [?] ride a wave
Fuck these hoes [?] ride a wave
50 on my wrist plain Jane nigga that’s the wave
Eight figures deep on [?] that's the way
(x2)