[Announcer]

The following is a DJ Skee production

Welcome to Indiana.  Gary, Indiana

[singer]

Gary
The city on the move
Gary
The city welcomes you
Gary
Warm and friendly too
Gary
Has lots of things to do
Gary, Indiana
Gary, Indiana, welcome to

[Various news reporters]
Gary, police are searching for a carjacker accused of shooting and killing a 15 month old boy and injuring his mother

A Family in Gary is heartbroken tonight after a shooting that killed a teenager.  Even more painful, the boy was hit by a bullet fired by a police officer

There are disturbing allegations against a principal of a school in Gary, Indiana.  Michael Bannom is charged with shooting at his estranged wife's vehicle then ramming it with his SUV

A terrible story in our newscast today, a carjacker shot and killed a one year old boy in Gary, Indiana

A family is marking a painful anniversary tonight in Gary, Indiana.   A triple murder remains unsolved a year later...

"Help me, I'm Shot."  This homeowner is telling the story of a man shot in the head and left for dead on Christmas.  Police say this area on 8th and Virginia is where Richard Canon was dumped.  They say a group of men abducted Canon from his home, pistol whipped him, tied him up, wrapped him in a blanket, and shot him in the face

In other news, a am is in custody in northwest Indiana.  The man is accused of killing his wife and two children in a hostage standoff; happened overnight in Gary...

Police in Gary say he was shot sitting on his couch overnight, now as the police search for the gunman neighbors mourn a man they say always cared for others

Police in Gary, Indiana say a mother and her son teamed up to murder a man yesterday.  The mother was driving when detectives say she stopped and allowed her son to fire a semi-automatic rifle in a busy neighborhood
Woman:  "She said, 'When momma say shoot, you shoot.'"

Gary neighbors are outraged after news that a mother may have helped her fifteen year old song shoot and kill a disabled man here Wednesday.  Area residents say they have heard the adult suspect order her son to hurt other neighbors before
Woman:  She told him, 'Shoot baby, shoot.'"
Back to news reporter:  Detectives say the 48 year old's woman's son got out and fired, hitting Martin in the back.  A crime allegedly committed by people Martin thought of as family
Man:  He even raise the boy who shot him...he was like a father to him