[Verse One: Maffew Ragazino]
Yeah, 20/20 is hindsight
Experience will surely strengthen your eyesight
I'm in the crib with yo' bitch playing Mindsweeps
Sipping pink premise listening to the Chi-Lites
I'm war ready, got my money and my mind right
When you move at God speed, He make sure that your time is right
My catalog is like the '85 Slam Dunk Contest
Michael Jordan versus the Human Highlight
Banger after banger, bars and cliff hangers
And I do it so effortlessly, like "uhh" it's nothing major
Show up to the court like a young Clyde Fraiser
And tell that judge "Suck my dick" [?] page brah
Do me a favor; don't do me no favors
I'm God's favorite, Hennessy no chaser
I never change up, only my under garments
198 but my presence is 300 problems
Ahhh

[Hook]
"Who's that standing 'hind a trigger of a 12 gauge Magnum?"
It's me nigga
"Who's that standing 'hind a trigger of a 12 gauge Magnum?"
Uh huh it's me nigga
"Who's that standing 'hind a trigger of a 12 gauge Magnum?"
What's up? It's me nigga
"Who's that standing 'hind a trigger of a 12 gauge Magnum?"

[Verse 2: Freddie Gibbs]
Nigga what the fuck they thought
They done fucked with the wrong nigga
Better watch what the fuck you say Feds is tapping my phone nigga
Got a block of the good good 'yay come and get you a ton nigga
Better keep that pistol close might get clapped by your own niggas
Watch them bitches too
I done hit some licks on some niggas, he horny sent her through
Gotta get that set for your daddy then I just Bishop move
I throw that ass under the [?]
If you fuck or suck something it's the mission that you with us
Porsche so gorgeous can't forget us
Pound of kush, that shit get lit up
If that bitch come to my lobby, best believe that bitch [?]
Know some strippers that you still gotta tip that bitch gotta get that rent up
18 hoes that's straight monogamy in the parking lot of [?]
Chop it up
Way of the
Fuck nigga how I'm gonna stay at the
Northern California got some killer and some 'yay at the
Pay rolls in my [?] and then my shit patty play at the
We don't play with no petty
Way too straight to look that way at the
Jeah!

[Hook]