[Verse 1]
I got TEC's and Glocks, AK-40 chops
I ain't got a box, pop a couple shots
Call my plug a lot, 10 pounds I'ma cop
Front me six off top, all I do is shop
You don't like the pot, come and swap it, I
Rip and run it's why, I be on the block
Niggas serving grams, I can't serve a zip
Partner I get it shipped, give it to my crips
Run off this okie-dokie
Don't play with my money, Smokey
Drive by we shooting weapons
Big Worm come through collecting
I got TEC's and Glocks, AK-40 chops
I ain't got a box, pop a couple shots
Lotta  drug dealer, serve the drug dealers
Call me for the issue, need to meet your chief
Trapping endo smoking out though, nitro
Gas pack kush of the hydro, styro
Cupheads smelling like a cyclone, iPhone
Going off block caller unknown, ding-dong
Clients at my door
Say they want some more
Sold my other pints, only got a four
Hate to tell them no
I sell out a lot, inventory style
Money come and go
Used to serve kids like the ice cream man
I was busting down zips
Selling grams hand to hand
Clientele picked up off substance then
Mixed the molly with the percs can't feel my skin
I'm good with the lean and the vicodin, taking them down
Down set hut, what's the price on them? Jug!
Swiper no swiping get ya whole trap took
Bang! [?] peep game whole squad lame
Fucked up all my cash
I was trying to flex
Ran another check
Had to go invest
Had to learn to stack
Had to take some packs
Forgive or forget, call it Robin Givens
I've been robbing giving
Serving all the children
This is how I'm living
I'm a piece of shit
Want the dough for sure
Maxo Richie Rich
I might want the hoe, but I don't need the bitch
For the long hail Mary going forward no pun
Put the bitch out she coming back with some
Little brother sliding through your hood like Deebo
Plug called Theo started talking to the people
Ran his mouth a lot
Had to cut him out
He a middle man
Met the plug and copped
He on bars a lot
More grams in the forum
Collecting my return
Trapping like Big Worm
Cup real muddy like you went four wheeling
Off xans getting sleep with all these damn drug dealers
Nae-nae in the kitchen got the lil' bitch whipping
Weigh it up on the scale, right next to the sale
If you can't tell by now I'm janky as hell
Tuesday, Thursday be trapping hard as hell
Tuesday, Wednesday, gotta go check bail
I ain't taking probation fuck the judge go to hell (Tap out!)
Submission on the pack Chris Benoit (Pass out!)
Kush coma smoking out the glass jar (SKRRRT)
Speeding through traffic with the package (Turn up!)
Got molly, got lettuce, got cabbage (Damn!)
Real trapping but this rapping is my hobby (Get it!)
Might go hit a lick with Bobby (Hold on!)
The people they follow my [?] (Splurge!)
Do this for my money Big Worm