New York make some noise man. How we feeling out there man?
I'm sorry I gotta come out here and do all this talking to ya, but... it's just how I feel. I'd rather you fuck with me for who I really am than the nigga that you think I am, dawg. That's some bullshit. I'd rather just have ten niggas that get behind me. My album's the shit. It's the shit, man, I'll be dropping that bitch next year.

I promise you like, first of all as an artist you gotta feel that type of way about your music. I feel like my album is better than all this bullshit that these niggas is feeding you. It's bullshit, it's bullshit! If it was some real shit, I'd tell you it was some real shit, but it's some bull, fucking, shit!
Straight up, man, that shit is just for a check and a chain, bro.

You can't tell me anybody out here who's a real fucking hip-hop fan, can tell me that Kendrick Lamar 'posed to be platinum just this year. He been that fucking good! He been that good! He been that fucking good, dawg! He been that good! But now, the nigga that we been knew, now he come and say shit like he the king of New York. What is that?

What is that? What is that, dawg? I remember when New York, ran this shit, y'know? When Dipset was fucking, pumped the fuck UP! I gotta wear my bandanna on tilt like Juelz. I remember when New York rap was the shit! And us in the South, us downwards, we was like "What the fuck?" and we just did our own thing. But now we run y'all, musically! That's crazy! That's crazy! That's crazy, my nigga! That's crazy!

I'm not trying to start nothing, if you wanna do something, we can do something, I don't give a fuck. But I'm just being honest with you. I look up to New York music! And now every nigga that's really popping out of New York, you might as well tell he's from Atlanta! He gon' lie, he from Atlanta! He from Atlanta!

Y'all got niggas interviewing more popular than niggas, man.
Y'all got better interviewers man, shout out to Elliot Wilson, man.
That's niggas the fuckin, who is he Prince, man!
What you wanna do next, man?

(Beat starts playing)