[Intro]
Nigga, it's T.R.N.I.Dad
Nigga, Jame$, dollar sign forget it, bitch!
Every time behind me…
Zone three forever, shout out to the West of the East
On the real niggas, real bitches, let’s go!

[Verse 1]
Why you acting scared?
Tell that nigga to fight somethin'
Why she acting scared?
Tell that bitch to fuck somethin'
I’m blunt, nigga, bout what I wanna say
Give that bitch a blunt or somethin'
Now bet, nigga, that pussy shaved
I bet, nigga, that pussy shaved
You best believe I’m tipping nigga
If you catch me, in the pussy place
Stadium, Magic City, finally doing the rain daince
Keep that, champagne, I’m all molly nigga, I need water
Gold game, the campaign, nigga the whole city, they know me (Come on!)
Young niggas, dont know no bout' em
But I swear they leave you holy
Greatest, still don’t give a fuck, you can wait nigga on dash
Man I love my city, nigga
My city love me back!
And when I roll around nigga
I say, all they’re screaming is 'Dad, 'Dad!

[Hook]
Trinidad! Boy, you a problem!
Them niggas mad, cause a young nigga grinding
Trinidad! Boy you a problem!
Them niggas mad, cause a young nigga grinding
Who? who? who? who?
Trinidad! Boy you a problem!
Them niggas mad, cause a young nigga grinding
Trinidad! Boy you a problem!
Them niggas mad, cause a young nigga grinding

[Verse 2]
Two hoes, I’m too show, fuck the mouth, I need that two holes
Damn boy, you nasty!
Lame ho, you didn’t know
I’m TJames, this is my year, best believe it's my time
Shout out, Clay Co, was with my south side, with dollar signs
This new Atlanta nigga, what it do
Tax scam that new juug
Nigga, thank God, man, for the juice, thank God, man, for the juice
Shout out to my young niggas
In the hood, in designers
Got Gucci shoes on Cliton Ave
Them young niggas be grinding
Them Prada shoes, nigga too cheap, Balenciaga and Versace
Make them hoes say Ohh Oui!
Make them hoes say Ohh Oui!
They say damn James, you need some new teeth
Ain’t it about time?
I say damn Lance, you got your own dick
Nigga, get the hell off mine
I got a new pill called "kill yourself"
Fuck nigga, you should try it
This swag here original, niggas wonder how they can buy it (Pricetag!)
Well yeezy's cost me like 2 G's (Yessir)
Jacket out of the 90's (Amen)
Ain’t nothing changed, so don’t be mad
Just when you see me, just say 'Dad!

[Hook]