[Intro: Trinidad James]
Ayy Man..Shit I'm just doing me
I'm not on what you on
There's only one car in my lane
And my manager drives it, bitch!
God gave you an opinion
But a nigga like me don't give a fuck
Shit, I mean...

[Hook: Trinidad James]
They fucking with me cause im real (real)
They fucking with me cause im real (real)
They fucking with me cause im real (real) Bitch! (2x)
If I ain't doing what I'm supposed to do
Then tell me what i need. (4x)

[Verse 1: Trinidad James]
I already proved that I can make a banger, nigga
For the free
Now check my call log, I got Lex Luger, nigga
For the beat
I'm T.I.G now. We the new look
Don't look (look) in the whip (whip)
Cause yo bitch might be in it. (oops)
Got an evil twin named T. James
Who eats lames
And give beats flame
Give yo bitch a lil sugar and now she call me Sweet James
It's cool niggas and it's you niggas. And my swag, achoo nigga
God bless you man cause I fuck with you
God bless you man cause I fuck with you

[Hook: Trinidad James]


[Verse 2: Trinidad James]
I'm back, back. Gotta thank West for this track, track
I get beats, go ham on 'em. Nigga no lie, now that's facts
"Is he still fucking with me?" I hate when niggas ask that
How am I doing? Nigga, why the fuck you can't ask THAT!?
Fuck it man, y'all niggas ass-back
Worse nigga if you ask me
All in my face now but you wasn't fuckin' with me just last week
My partna partnas is my partnas, partna
These new niggas ain't my partnas, partna
Got a problem wit it then call ya patnas
Cuz my patnas all about the problems (click clack)

(ahh shit that damn asthma kickin in, wheeew let go)

Real shit, only real niggas who I fuck wit
The shit I say behind ya back is the shit I say in public
I move around on some boss shit, I move around like I flaunt it
No cosign I got my own dick you on mine get off it, get off it
Can't wait to get my momma that new whip and new crib
Cop me a studio for my homeboys to live in
So they wake up and recordin
And this point of the song is when you realize that T James be going the fuck in

(hook)