[Thoughts from MauSe]

*Tape Deck Opens*
*Tape Deck Closes*
*Play Button Is Pressed*
*Lighter Flickers*

Stupid light. There we go

Living in The Bronx... It was great. My father worked construction in the day time, came home for an hour and was a door man at night. My moms, she worked at the airport in Queens. I think...I think it was JFK... cause.. it was like farther away from where we lived and I know LaGuardia was closer. As a kid I went to all 3 of their jobs and I kinda had a.. a uh.. photographic memory of it. I remembered how to get there by memorizing the graffiti on the trains. Now, it was fine and dandy for me to go their jobs as a kid but when I got older I had school. You know, I was.. being a kid.. you know, I was acting out, drawing everywhere and shit. Fuck it, why not. I started getting in trouble and that's when the whippings started. I was vengeful at that point. I cut school, and then I'd go to my dad's job doing construction right? I put my mask on and I just start going crazy. Real quick. I wrote "Does the son dictate father times, schedule for work?" Ha ha. Of course, I spelled the "sun" with an O, but I wrote that one word, in yellow. Ha ha. Then I went to my moms job right, she left me unattended... Pilot's lounge for me. I wrote "How can you say your fly, when you dress so plane?" He he heeee. She almost got fired. But fuck it, I needed attention. And only the streets gave it to me

I remember being a kid right? And my uncle he practically raised me. I remember him coming over when my pops went to work and he would have all this ink on his hands, on his clothes, on his sneakers and I'd be confused cause its like 7 am. I'd find out later, he was in the train yard with his boys. Tagging every train that they left unattended. That's so cool man. That's so fucking cool

And we weren't rich at all. Actually, we were barely making. Especially, under this, this tyrant.. Ronald Reagan... This fucking guy. Republicans man. I mean I don't trust no government official. But, republicans, they the worst. I mean, I get it, he's a puppet, in a grand scheme of things but how you... how... how are you an actor? An actor... and you become president? That's that bullshit man. And then, he comes up with some shit called Reaganomics, which only help his friends to get more money. The rich. And keep minorities like... like my family and and and my friends families in the dark. Then... the muthafucka... introduced our communities to crack cocaine which was modern day genocide thanks to the C.I.A... Everybody selling this bullshit... all through the streets and shit. I don't even wanna talk about A.I.D.S... that came up in his administration too and of course he had some bullshit excuse about that shit too

Ima tell you a story... I came home from school one day right. And I saw this drug dealer with a baby carriage on the corner. I said "Ay, you got a pretty daughter. That's a cute.. pretty pretty daughter." You know what this mutha... This muthafucka said... "This is not my child. It's Teresa's from 1199. She ain't have all the money, so uh, I'm baby sitting until she comes back." Teresa was a drug user, selling her own child, for 3 minutes of fucking pleasure man... Talk about being an 80's baby. Its fucked up. Fuck you Ronald Reagan

MauSe...

*Tape Stops*

[Hook]
I'm an 80's baby
I feel like I'm 80's crazy
So I have about 80 questions to figure out how the 80's made me
Uncover the truth, lies are the proof
Only you can do is trust in you
80's baby, a child of the Reagan Era
But that don't mean we're made in terror
Amen!

[Verse 1]
Conjunction junction, what's ya function for action
Lunging punches like its Dungeons & Dragons?
A hundred lunches for the bums that's staggering
Cause the government fronts on job hunting for blacks and
Why the C.I.A. deliver and administer
The sinister finisher of crack cocaine into the middle of black america
Pull up the cinema cause they killing us
These assholes need to get enemas
Why did a famous actor become president?
Why is Michael Jackson skin a little cinnamon?
Why is the cold war going on and on?
And why it took so long for the Berlin Wall to fall?
Pray for the souls of Lennon & Marvin Gaye
But how can anyone kill these 2 greats?
Display and decay are the questions I portray
And did A.I.D.S. really come from the gays or Ronald Reag?
His explanation was so vague
A plague from a monkey enslaved
While created in a lab as a phase
To destroy inner cities along with cocaine
Broken down to a strain of rock
That needed flame to spark
Into the brain & heart
Until your frame was chalked out
Wherever you walked you saw a corpse that's tossed into the grave
The 80's... Those were the days