Thank you, achievers

[Poem by Mickey's wife]
I surmised my prize before anyone believed in me
Realised comprise of what they told me I couldn't be
God placed a legacy in my destiny
So His will for me eradicates all doubt and feeds my drive
Because of the work ethic I vested, I thrive
My talent deprived of pure validation
But I persevere because art keeps the purpose of my path so clear
Success never to be grappled by fear
My time is here

[Clip from "6 Express"]
The six express is the best
Playa haters is vexed [?]
Cause they play me too close like next
I need to back up before I put my gat up
Get your back stuck
Ayo, let's get the victory, just ask Puff, I smack up
Any emcee who try to act up
Niggas be fiending my lyrics like they sniffin' crack up...

[Intro: Showtyme (Mickey Factz)]
Ayo, finally well, well, well (It's Mickey)
Take your time, take your time, take your time
And tell your story, yea, yea
(Ready man, ready)
Talk to the people Mickey

[Verse 1: Mickey Factz]
I grew up listening to "Juicy," saved for a Coogi
Scribble mad lyrics on my looseleaf
School was a bore, I was bored
Rather be at lunch playing Uno with my boys
Reading every Source, rocking Vansons
Jordan's second year, he was a champion
I was young, trying to make an anthem
Age 14, Cam wasn't even Dipset
I ain't write "6 Express" or had a kiss yet
Virgin, had an understanding of my purpose
Nervous, walking in cyphers with Jigga verses
On purpose, I was determined to be perfect
Working, hoping my urges would never surface
No learning, cutting class just to rap
Got suspended after battling a cat
Pops came to school mad but was happy for the fact
That they brought me back
I was on the last week of freestyling after that
Cyphers with Drag-on, I was cool with Remy
Class with my Walkman on, I was super petty
Didn't have the Jordans, Pippens or the newest Pennys
But I was hungry all the time, they knew I was ready
Listen, I was depressed, did summer school
Didn't graduate with my friends, I was such a fool
Nobody really could believe what I say
Who would ever think that I'd achieve to this day?

[Hook: Showtyme]
Some people
Thought I'd be nothing at all
But now I can say I achieved my dreams
Even with my back up against the wall
Some people
Thought I'd never rise when they saw me fall
Look at me now
I've achieved now
Some people
Thought I'd be nothing at all
But now I can say I achieved my dreams
Even with my back up against the wall
Some people
Thought I'd never rise when they saw me fall
Look at me now
I've achieved now

[Outro: Mickey Factz]
The Achievement, yes
My achievers, here we go
Let's do this the right way baby!

[Voicemail left for Blu]
Yo Blu, it's Mickey man, I just sent over this track, it's called "Red Sky" I really want you to get on it. It's been like a good 2 years, we've been talking about doing this record and I really want to get it done, so, I want you to be on my tape. I'm calling it "I'm Better Than You." Yo if I'm not mistaken it's like 24 bars, maybe 32. Yea, yea, yea it's 32. Let me know when you can get it done bruh. Tape drops in July, maybe August. Alright keep me posted