[Verse 1: Mickey Factz]
My cousin came home from doing twelve years
And I could tell through his voice, know he felt scared
Government won't give him assistance
I asked him how he doing, he said "welfare," it's no help there
I got more problems, I ain't in Bel Air
Worrying about how my uncle feel without his health care
Is wealth near? Nigga please
Ten years later and they saying "where the team?"
I love A.Chal but I miss P
I miss Saint, Kwass, I miss Steve
I miss Nak yelling out "GFC"
I miss Keet, Mickey, this is me
Couple days we disagreed and I'd be so distraught
But sometimes when you grow up, you grow apart
Ay, my open heart show the mark
Just wanna say sorry from now going forth
The rap game's a garage so when the motor start
Get your spot in front, don't worry where Rosa parks
'05 in The Bronx, blunt roll and spark
Spice weed, smoked peppered pot, think of Tony Starks
Cold turkey gettin' money, I don't try the drugs
Resemblin' Kelly Bundy, I ain't like the Bud
Now I'm 34 and got a wife to love
And kids to feed when we decide on Mini-Me's
I live and breathe for my children's needs
Planting seeds before they're here for bigger trees
Lord help me as I hit my knees
I don't wanna gain the world just to get fricasee'd
Inception, I'm tryna live my dreams
Watching the totem spin while I'm in my sleep
Basement plumbin', shit is deep
I finally achieved... this is me

[Hook: Mela Machinko]
It's like, it's like cruise control
And it's like, it's like stop and go
It's like, it's like climbing a ladder
But that ladder's on the side of a mountain
It's like, it's like sacrifice
And it's like, it's like cold as ice
It's like, it's like grabbing a moment
And it's like, it's like yours if you want it

[Verse 2: Mickey Factz]
Never thought this day would come to fruition
I do this for my achievers who kept wishing
Forever listened, remember Freshmen '09?
Remember me quitting? Back in 2013, damn
Remember Bishop? That was Kings of the Bronx
Or that Honda ignition? I shot a commercial man
I was 106'ing, remember "Supras"?
Remembers before the cabs, I said Uber?
Remember rockin' and rollin' I started the song off with saying Guggen Heim
Soundtrack for 2016, we in the future
Remember me on YouTube telling the story 'bout
Joe Budden while looking stupid, brother I'm human
How bout MauSe though, y'all know the sickest quote:
"Challenge yourself to defeat yourself," that shit was dope
Remember that show in New York, shorty was strippin' clothes
I had flour on the stage, I wasn't sniffin' coke
Here goes some flavour for your Kool-Aid pack
I'm like y'all, still waiting on that Lupe track
Where it's at? The top of my head - I dunno
It's like Trump not knowing where his toupee at
Remember Drake on "Overdose" with that new age crack?
Or when I did that Y mixtape in two days flat?
Remember "Trinity"? Remember "4:14"? Remember skinny jeans?
Remember that Warhol theme?
BET cypher with Busta Rhymes, remember Freaky Will?
I did an indiegogo, that video was ill
I love every supporter, when I was in the desert of pain
Y'all was the water pushing me outta the corner
Thought that I was a goner, I was miserable
But I climbed outta the rubble, this is my gift to you
I made it for the believers
Truly yours, the super senior
The achievers

[Hook: Mela Machinko]
It's like, it's like cruise control
And it's like, it's like stop and go
It's like, it's like climbing a ladder
But that ladder's on the side of a mountain
It's like, it's like sacrifice
It's like, it's like cold as ice
It's like, it's like grabbing a moment
And it's like, it's like yours if you want it

[Outro: MauSe]
MauSe - landed in Hong Kong in '89
Reagan still alive but George Bush is the main guy
Heard back at home they started cleaning the train sides
Already depressed 5 minutes off the plane ride
I'm commissioned to do a visual sculpture
Of a literal vulture, in the middle of boulders
To signify Britain and how it's really controlling
I wanna add a dragon, is that a silly component?
Still mourning Jean and Andy, true disbelief
Perfecting the way that I move, I'm through spilling ink
Paint everywhere, I'm mixing the blue with the pink
Cocaine nights affecting my mood when I think
It's the the turn of the decade
Watching the ball drop, spray painting ducking the mall cops Working on Wednesdays
Heard one of my cousins just got murdered for MJ’s
Cried in the front seat of my convertible MK
My mama told me art would be the death of me
That's when I told her death would be the best for me
I’d sell more if I died unexpectedly
You get appreciated more when you forever leave
What a recipe
I wonder if Basquiat felt the same way before he was a mainstay
Black and white paint, mixed together for a shade grey
On a canvas blocking whatever the sun ray made
MauSe… Coulda died from alcohol
Or taking pictures of women without the condom on
I grew a beard it's the young black Salvador
Listening to Al B Sure, wondering if I'll be sure
That’ll wake up from dreams that I never had
I usually stay up and grieve cause I never laugh
I remember Warhol told me i should never laugh
Or was it be never mad...
I dunno