Hey Hey

B-I-T-T-Y the parties over here tonight
Hey bitty what you wanna do (hey)
Whats up with me and you
B-I-T-T-Y the
Parties over here tonight
Hey bitty what you wanna do cuz
I'm a put it on ya

Hey ma lets get it, I'm with it whats up with you and me
The loudest brothers commin through your rep in NYC. (oh)
Got the bittys over there still checkin me. Haters wondern what to be, what is chasin me
I'm in the F-5 honey you ain't catchin me
Mind over money set your honeys on the ?back seat? (oh)
I need a bitty who's pretty and keeps her game tight
The type of bitty who's ready to flip the same night
Now could you be that girl that nasty naughty shorty gaudy
Shake that thing, break that thing, I just wanna see you dance girl

(Oh Nitty your so fine your so fine you blow my mind hey Nitty)
What you wanna do (hey) whats up with me and you
B-I-T-T-Y the parties over here tonight. Hey bitty what you wanna do cuz I'ma put it on ya

They call me Nitty. Some bittys they call me shugga daddy
When I'm in Cali you might see me hangin out with Halle
(oh) Met her in a valley picked her right up in a Caddy. Bittys was a trophy didn't even need a grammy. This mommys nasty and shes always wearing freaky panties (oh). I bring the heat to the g's. just like a radiator. I'm navigating through your body like a Navigator. Can I lick you up and down like a now and later. Pull up to ya pump it to ya like a tailgater
Earthquaker no more haters. Shake ya like a salt shaker

(Oh Nitty your so fine your so fine you blow my mind hey Nitty) What you wanna do (hey) whats up with me and you. B-I-T-T-Y the parties over here
Tonight. Hey bitty what ya wanna do cuz I'ma put it on ya

Come on mommy mommy (hit it) you's a hottie hottie (hit it)
Do your thing I wanna see you shake your boddy boddy (hit it) Come on work it mommy. Girl don't hurt nobody. Tell your friends to get in my Benz so we can have a private party. Tell me where you want to go bittys up town. Bittys in the cities
I'm gonna go downtown. Hatters going down nobodys gonna stop me now. Bittys goin crazy gettin gravy don't play now
(oh) I'm given money to honeys they know my name now
I'ma take her Benz with her friends this ain't a game now
(oh) niggas off the chain now hey now stay down your not gonna beat me at this. Your the same now. Put away now didn't do your thing now. Bittys all over commin over trying to
Break out. Gotta ?news? world what you wanna do girl you girl me and you girl really cruel girl cuz I'ma rock your world
Till I hit it in the crib?with the diamonds? to make your toes curl

(Oh Nitty your so fine your so fine you blow my mind hey Nitty) What you wanna do (hey) whats up with me and you. B-I-T-T-Y the parties over here tonight hey bitty what you wanna do cuz I'ma put in on ya. (Oh Nitty your so fine your
So fine you blow my mind hey Nitty) What you wanna do (hey) Whats up with me and you. B-I-T-T-Y the parties over here tonight hey bitty what you wanna do cuz I'ma put in on ya