Hey Hey

[Hook]
B-I-T-T-Y the party's over here tonight
Hey bitty what you wanna do? (hey)
Whats up with me and you?
B-I-T-T-Y the party's over here tonight
Hey bitty what you wanna do 'cause I'ma put it on ya

[Verse 1]
Hey ma lets get it, I'm with it what's up with you and me
The loudest brothers coming through your repin' NYC. (oh)
Got the bittys over there still checkin' me
Haters wondering what to be, what is chasing me
I'm in the F-5 honey you ain't catchin me
Mind's on my money, set your honeys on the ?back seat? (oh)
I need a bitty who's pretty and keeps her game tight
The type of bitty who's ready to flip the same night
Now could you be that girl that nasty naughty shorty gaudy
Shake that thing, break that thing, I just wanna see you dance girl

[Hook]
(Oh Nitty you're so fine, you're so fine you blow my mind
Hey Nitty!)
What you wanna do? (hey)
What's up with me and you
B-I-T-T-Y the party's over here tonight
Hey bitty what you wanna do 'cause I'ma put it on ya

[Verse 2]
They call me Nitty some bittys they call me Sugar Daddy
When I'm in Cali you might see me hangin out with Halle (oh)
Met her in a valley picked her right up in a Caddy
Bittys was a trophy didn't even need a grammy
This mommys nasty and shes always wearing freaky panties (oh)
I bring the heat to the g's just like a radiator
I'm navigating through your body like a navigator
Can I lick you up and down like a now and later?
Pull up to ya pump it to ya like a tailgater
Earthquaker no more haters, shake ya like a salt shaker

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Come on mommy mommy (hit it)
You's a hottie hottie (hit it)
Do your thing I wanna see you shake your body body (hit it)
Come on work it mommy. Girl don't hurt nobody
Tell your friends, get in my Benz so we can have a private party. Tell me where you want to go bittys uptown
Bittys in the cities I'm gonna go downtown
Haters going down nobody's gonna stop me now
Bittys goin' crazy gettin' gravy don't play now (oh)
I'm given money to honeys they know my name now
I'ma take her Benz with her friends this ain't a game now (oh) Niggas off the chain now hey now stay down
You're not gonna beat me at this. You're the same now
Put away now didn't do your thing now
Bittys all over comin' over trying to break out
Gotta ?news? world what you wanna do girl
You girl, me and you girl, really cruel girl
'Cause I'ma rock your world
Till I hit it in the crib?with the diamonds? to make your toes curl

[Hook]