[Intro: synthesized voice-over]
This program will be temporarily interrupted
Everyone, including freaks, has been contaminated
By the radioactivity

[Verse 1: Mac Dre]
R, A, D-I-O
Finna throw this thing back like G.I. Joe
Lion-O, Decepticon
They kinda like Cafe Escalon
Glass pack, Edelbrock
Had a snub .38 before I held a Glock
Twenty-sackin', hear me slappin'
Niggas go dumb when they hear me rappin'
So quick, I'm dumpin' and I'm clappin'
If somethin' finna happen, thump in my lap and
Rat-a-tat, tat-a-tat-tata
She won't give it to ya? Let me have at her!
Ladies, women, girls, broads
Miracle Paints or Earl Scheib
It really don't matter what I strike
Bet they still buy me what I like

[Hook]
I've got radio, activity [2x]

[Verse 2: Mac Mall]
D-Boy baby mama actin' roudy outside
Roudy outside, roudy outside
D-Boy baby mama actin' roudy outside
"Later!" for that shit, we don't fuck with 'em like swine
Actin', max it, blappin' automatics
Savage do extensive damage, have a sucker absent
Man, look at baby, she want me to tap it!
If I hit it once, she gonna jock me in traffic
Strip the game naked like Mac and Magic Mike
And I come from the slum where life is trife
But tonight, pass the Remy right
To the Mac, like a Gucciano blessing the mic
Cutthroats in the building and you know they hype
Chassis say "Mac'n, yo' flow so tight!"
For real? "Psyche!"
Fa sho, smokin' Backwoods with my folks

[Hook]

[Verse 3: E-40]
(Look out, pimp!) Urkel, Blue, Welch's Grapes
Vallejo, Cali-fool-ya: Planet of the Apes!
Where we shroom and 'coon and push work
Snort dog food, pop pills and perk
They gon' go bezerk when they hear this blap
Hit the intersection, figure-8, and bap
E-40, Dre and Mall put the 'V' on the map
For the last decade, carried the Bay on our back
Steady long like pimp perms, slicker than worm sperm
I'm on the radio like Howard Stern!
40 Water got money to burn
I'mma be here for awhile, y'all gotta wait y'all turn
Heavy watch, lift weights on my wrist
Pull dimepieces, thin or thick
So you know I could take your bitch
Nigga better Tucker like Chris!

[Hook]