-=Mac Dre talking=-
Ah, what, ah, what
Mall Macenroe, like what!
Andre Macassi ah, ugh
Street Sampras, what it do?
What that is?
What it do?
Ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh

[Verse 1: Mac Dre]
This ain't no love ballad, or romance song
This a dance song for you can get yo dance on
It's hard to keep my pants on when I'm giggin'
And when I'm giggin' it look like I'm diggin'
I do the pigeon, bird like a nerd
Some endlessly rappin' every line every word
I dust myself off like I stole third
Skinny nigga giggin' with no shirt
I get chauffeured so I can passenger gig
Get the chips and don't trip off her mask and her wig
So, son, I'm askin' her this: Can you do the thing?
Can you really do the dew and pursue the green?
I ask her who the king, she tell me I'm is
(Nothin' but the hook) It's almost time, kids
I'm tryna see some grindin', can you dig?
Yeah, you fine, bitch, but can you gig?

[Hook 3X: Mac Dre]
Baby, can you gig?
You so crazy when you gig
Ugh, she giggin'
Lady, can you gig?
Girl, you so crazy when you gig
Ugh, he giggin'

[Verse 2: Rydah J. Klyde]
She was doin' the twist and pop
While I was tryna get the cork out the Cris then pop all in her hair
Her champagne shampoo was Flashdance 2
Baby want me to dance too but that I can't do
She was giggin' too hard for me
Turned around and my dick stretched a yard you see
I can't play wit you lil' mama, Thizzle got you crazy
Shocked her when I stood up and walked on her lazy
Broke it down, touched the ground; rolls wit the 80's shit
Lit that hazy, asked her "What you know about Thizz?"
"What you know about this? Naw, bitch, Thizz"
'Cause that's what it is, DJ put us in the mix
Watch us pump up the party
'Cause we didn't come to body nobody
It's 300 Bay cats in the lobby
Swingin' dreads, movin' heads, getting' stupid
Naw, that's the old look, can gig to this new shit, watch me

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Mac Mall]
I'm a fan of the Running Man, old school Cabbage Patch
Might mix The Prep wit a little Roger Rabbit
Robo-Cop, Up-rock, Pop-lock, Boogaloo
I don't know about you but where I'm from you see we act a fool
Lil' mama giggin' with me tryin' hard to keep up
But I'm bustin' moves that she never even heard of
Feelin' it, Thizz face look permanent
Advance Bird Dance now we call the shit "The Buzzard", bitch
Humpty Dance don't got nothin' on me
Quick to Michael Jackson spin and do the Mahoney
You squares is phony but your bitch still want me
'Cause I do the George Jefferson oh so coldly
Yeah, it's a celebration, bitch
So I'm gon' break it down to the Fred Sanford
Lil' mama movin' but you know she can't handle it
I'm in the middle of the floor with my hands on my dick

[Hook]