[Intro: Mac Mall]
Ha, straight from Vallejo
But now I’m back with young Khayree
And my cuddies in YBB
And I’m serving straight game, yeah, you know
So you can go ask that Chinese hoe
‘Cause she, took a couple lines from the nigga
Young Mac Mall in a straight rhyme, Mac Who, bitch

[Interlude: Mac Dre]
The beat stopped, but we won’t stop
And hoes like you are straight on jock
It’s young Mac Dre in the place
Punk bitch, get out my face
If you ain’t got green, bounce from the scene
You hear what I mean?
Cuddie, it’s out from the play—coming like this

[Verse 1: Mac Dre]
My lyrical content is deep like a good book
I serve flavor just like a good cook
Grab a mic, get ill at a party
Rap so good, I send chills through your body
Rhyme style tight like coochie
Raw like sushi, and funky like Bootsy
And top notch is what they rate Dre
‘Cause I got more rhymes than food at Safeway
So make way, for the M-A-C
As I put Crestside on the M-A-P
I got more game than that fool Pat Sajak
I’m a G, a player from way back
Skills superior, far from inferior
Got the pimp shell with the gangster interior
And with the broads, I’m smooth and suave, son
And when it’s funk, I get the job done
So don’t underestimate the great Mac
‘Cause I make raps and pimp to make snaps
I hate saps, can’t stand a smerk
Definition of smerk—sucker, mark, and a jerk
I perks, off Courvoisier
Slightly heated with the Grand Marnier
Never hesitate to put game in a tight rap
I’m serving muthafuckas…‘cause I’m like that

[Interlude: Mac Mall]
MAC WHO? MAC WHO?
Check it out—MAC WHO?
Ay, break it down for me—MAC WHO?
MAC WHO? MAC WHO? MAC WHO?
(Spit that shit, cuddie)

[Verse 2: Mac Mall]
Young nigga, me, I live the life on constantly
Them suckers figure that they can take me off the charts
And try to get wit’cha
But all them jealous gettin’ mobbed off the picture
I’m smoking roper while that real shit hit ya
So where them Crestside creepers?
And if you serve me bammer, boy, you best’a call a preacher
‘Cause I’mma come see ya wit’ a vengeance
Nationwide poppin’, Crestside pimp shit
Superfly, smoking quarters a day
But not off candy annie, this that Humboldt dank
With my Strictly SES crew and we all got half
So I’m lighting up the roper, hit the strip and I blast
Ain’t worried about a sucker fucking over my high
‘Cause I’m rollin’ with some killers in the game, go or die
Fit the track on our deck in remote control
And dawg, I really ain’t worried about no punk ass hoes

[Interlude: Mac Mall]
(“Break the bitches filthy…”) MAC WHO?
(“Break the bitches filthy…”) MAC YOU!
(“Break the bitches filthy…”) MAC WHO?
(“Break, break the bitches filthy…”) Bitch, I thought you knew
MAC YOU! (“…I’m always getting over”)

[Verse 3: Mac Dre]
I used to slang yayo on the streets of the Three C’s
But now I slang game on cassettes and CDs
I rips and flips caps with stacks of raw rap
Attack some saps who steady flaps and jaw jacks
I’m all that, and I got Mac Mall’s back
Fumbled in ’92 but now I got the ball back
And fully representing this Northern Cali, hoe
I’m from the Crest, northside of Valley Joe
From the O, down to San Jo, up to Sacto, up to Frisco
Everybody knows Mac Dre’s a factor
Taking this rap thang to the next chapter
I rap to, funky beats that rock ya
Made by Khayree, brother of the Rocker
I sock ya, with these blows of game
That’s potent than a joint of that doja, mayne
I know this thang and can explain it well
So what you need, boy, I got game for sale

[Interlude: Mac Mall + (Mac Dre)]
MAC WHO? (Hoes love it ‘cause I got much of it)
MAC YOU! MAC WHO?
(“Break the bitches filthy…”) MAC YOU!
(Mac muthafuckin’ Dre, bitch)
(“Break the bitches filthy…”)
Young Mackin’ ass Mall
My name is young Mac Mall, mayne, and this is My Opinion
You need to get with me and young MD because we pimpin’
BIATCH!
I’m a monster—what you say, Dre? I’m a beast
(Muthafuckin’ beast
Them hoes don’t know this—check this out, Mall
Check this out…)

[Verse 4: Mac Dre]
She wants to get married but I ain’t and I cain’t
‘Cause I’m sprung on my muthafuckin’ dank and some drank
I got a fat bank, and still break hoes
And if your bitch gets to jockin’, I will break yours
The Mac named Dre from the C-R-E-S-T
Ask about a nigga and they all will say “Yes, he’s the shizit”
I gizet, much pussy on my dizick
Never would I lizick or pay like a trizick
I’m like that, potna, I thought you heard
Fuckin’ with your brain like some Thunderbird
I’m doper than a joint of that potent dank
And funky like the county jail holding tank
Romper Room crew for life
Down with Spice and my homeboy Shiest
My niggas from the bammer… (Like that...)