(Khayree...)
(What's up?)
(...drop some dope on these fools.)

[Verse 1]
My name is young Mac Mall, mayne, and this is my opinion
And since I got your attention there's some shit I would like to mention
Fuck them punk ass rollers, them highway type of strollers
'Cause they be wanting to bust them big fat caps in ghetto souljas
I guess they wanna fold us, but see we won't just have that
Because I'm from the streets in '93 and playas bust back
I might just be a dead man
Because I speak rebellion
They already did Malcolm X and Dr. King
There ain't no tellin'
The government they hatin me
But still I pack .380
That's why I won't put back
'Cause Uncle Sam, he never paid me
Soon as they try to fade, then today's their pay day
I'm standing in the cuts fuckin' it up with my AK-
47 ways them black brothas won't behave
And since I'm stressed I'm on the quest to put them in their grave
I'm trying to go to school but the system wasn't havin' me
Some say it's technicality but this is just reality
In 1992 you know how crazy I was feelin'

[Hook]
My name is young Mac Mall, mayne, and this is my opinion
This is my opinion[x4]

(Aww man, Mac Mall why you comin' like that, mayne?
You know thats that shit, mayne, straight from the Crestside, mayne
You know they can't fuck with this, mayne; uhhh, that's that shit!)

[Verse 2]
My name is young Mac Mall, mayne and this is my opinion
I had to set up shop, but it ain't rocks that I be dealin'
The ghetto type of feelin', the drug money and killin'
I speak in a playa style, it's gon' make me a million
I'm tryna live very happily but fools be wantin' to cap on me
That's why up under my coat, it's something dope
Then I be packin', G
It's gonna be a tragedy on your whole family
So call them punk police, them little old pussies can't even handle me
You might think I'm a criminal, but this is not subliminal
I'm tryna spit that knowledge to my folks but you don't hear me though
Some might think I rock gang fuss, but all I want is justice
And my chance to get on the mike and spit game to these hustlas
And if you like the realness
You might think this appealing

[Hook]
My name is young Mac Mall, mayne, and this is my opinion
This is my opinion[x4]

(Haha, yeah though nigga, that's that shit though
You mothafuckas need to hear the shit he spitting though
But you don't hear it though, you just some little old punk mothafuckas, mayne
He spitting that real Crestside Sawyer Street playa type shit, mayne
Mothafuckas. I don't give a fuck 'cause I'm hitting this shit mayne, haha, biatch, biatch, biatch!)

[Verse 3]
'Cause now I got my chance, to speak my opinion freely
They need to fit on blinders 'cause these fools don't want to see me
I'm poppin' like a preemie, sometimes I wear a beanie
It's on like that told ya 'cause that doja got me dreamy
When fools be pimpatratin', it's causin' me frustration
And there's no hesitation in a snitch assassination
Mac Mall is just a youngsta, hustla, thugsta
But if you fiend for dope ass raps, fool I'mma plug ya
And them mothafuckas, them brothas
Is from another planet
They must don't understand it, how they take they life for granted
So tell me, can you really fuck with this young buck?
I take you on a ride in the trunk tied up
And with luck, maybe they can find ya, and sign ya
Off as a loss 'cause you tossed of Carquinez
Bridge, and if you live, make dibs on the wood box
I be kicking the Rasta shit and don't sport the dreadlocks

'pinion, 'pinion, Mac Mall, mayne, and this is my opinion
Opinion, opinion, my name is young Mac Mall, mayne, and this is my opinion

(Uh, Mac Mall, man, that shit is so muthafuckin' vicious, mayne. You know that's that pimp shit, mayne. What's up, mayne? Could I be down with the muthafuckin' SES Faculty, mayne? Come on, man, take me to the Sawyer strip, mayne. I need some of that doja, mayne.)