[Produced by DJ Mustard]

[Intro]
Nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga

[Hook]
Nigga, I'm from BPT
(Westside, westside, westside, westside nigga)
TTP
(What block? What block? What block? What block?)
400, Spruce Street
(What y'all doin'? What y'all doin'?)
(What y'all doin'? What y'all doin'?)
Nigga, kill off all beef

[Verse 1]
I’m a Westside get brackin' in the back like what’s happnin'
That 40 Glock snap like Insta, ain't no need for a caption
I got put on by four niggas, wasn't need for no bandage
I did my stuff like a young nigga, that's how I'm s'posed to handle it
'Hamad threw a right, duck, hit him with the left, bop-bop!
Two to the chin, bop! One to the chest
One to the ribs, the haymaker didn't connect
Dropped him but didn't stomp him cause that's disrespect
That's how I got put on
Tree Top Bompton, yeah I got put on
It was hard in the hood
I was rappin', my homies sellin' hard in the hood
I know Game from cedar block, Dot from the West
That was [static] that popped what's his name in his chest
Just got a call, the homies just got bust on
Niggas gotta go, we can't prolong

[Hook]
Nigga, I'm from BPT
(Westside, westside, westside, westside nigga)
TTP
(What block? What block? What block? What block?)
400, Spruce Street
(What y'all doin'? What y'all doin'?)
(What y'all doin'? What y'all doin'?)
Nigga, kill off all beef

[Verse 2]
I was in the county with lions, most of these rappers be lyin'
Cause when I seen 'em, they be quiet, the definition of silence
That's a principal of proof, the definition of logic
That this nigga is a bitch, every chance he get he's dodgin'
I brought back this West Coast shit
And this the mothafuckin' thanks I get?
All the licks I split, from the houses I hit
They brought him more cases in jail but a nigga ain't snitch
That's how it's s'posed to go down
Held it down, didn't nobody else go down
Give you a blind date, have my bitch pick you up
Then have one of my Top members stick you up
I know Nipsey from 6-0, C-Hood from 10-4
Tiny Bone from 40 Crip, that’s my kinfolk
My whole family tried to save me but it didn't work
Momma know I've been bangin' lately, nigga