[Produced by Terrace Martin]

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
24/7, 365, motherfucker I'm still right on time
Oh you thought you had me all figured out?
Take it from the horses mouth, you'll never understand me
I told you my Plan B is to win your hearts before we win a Grammy
These Days ain't shit changed, different toilet, same shit
And I drank a whole gallon of laxatives by accident
Just to shit on you has-beens
Had it been for my past tense, I wouldn't be rapping
See these streets made me, broke me down
Built me up, drove me crazy
Made me hungry, made you hate me, but fuck love
It don't make dollars, it don't make sense nigga
By the way, that's DJ Quik nigga, respect or check it
These Days, I'm a little more focused
Cause y'all cracked the door and I kicked it open
Yellin' get the fuck down or I will shoot
I told you not to motherfuckin' move!
Be another example
I'll take the whole industry hostage if I have to
I'll sabotage this game, a good kid?
Yeah that's only in my mama's eyes
I seen a dead body at five and that shit made me traumatized
So These Days, a little blood on my hands ain't nothing compared
To hopping out a minivan, with a mini 22 3's and the homie TuTu
And two more YGs, oh nobody got time for that!
These Days it's only time for rap!
So Herbert Anthony Stevens
You make or break bread before we break even
Before they broke our records we broke records
And wrote pieces, of history
So These Days? These accolades that's meant for we?
It's only truth that this shit was meant to be, T.D.E

[Hook: Ab-Soul & JaVonte]
Life's still a Traffic Jam (Life is still a Traffic Jam)
Life's still a Traffic Jam (Life is still a Traffic Jam)
Life's still a Traffic Jam (Life is still a Traffic Jam)
Life's still a Traffic Jam (Ready to go)
Life's still a Traffic Jam (Still ready to go)
Life's still a Traffic Jam (Still ready to go)
Life's still a Traffic Jam
Life's still a Traffic Jam...

[Verse 2: Ab-Soul]
Shit... what more did you expect? HiiiPower
For the most part, we go hard for the respect
I'm obviously ominous to my competition
And if I ain't better than Kendrick than nobody is then!
We shared our life with you
Shared our light with you even in the darkest of hours
In hopes that one day, just maybe, one day the world'll be ours
Ha, and now they look up to us like towers
For rhyming like we had super powers
They should've never let us in these offices...
Knowing good and God-damn well
How well we've been ducking officers
Laughing at the scraps they offered us in the past
And now we toast champagne to the thirst we never had!
I had my ups and downs, but I always left right
Rest In Peace Alori Joh... TopDawg for life!
And oh yeah... SOUL!

[Interlude]
I watch that fire that we're gathered around and see that it burns similar to the fire that is inside you...