[Lucie]
Come on everybody get on up
Cause you know we gots to get it crunk
Elijay is in the spot tonight
As I'mma make it feel alright (Make it feel alright)
Come on baby just party with me
Let loose and set your body free
Leave your situations at the door
So when you step inside jump on the floor

[Elisa]
Music's the odyssey
It's here for you, for me
Just listen find the magic key
Mmh
It's only gonna be about a matter of time
Before you get loose and start loose your mind
Cop you a drink, go head and rock your ice
Cause we celebrating No More Drama in our life

[L.E.J]
Let's get it started, ha! let's get it started in here
Let's get it started, ha! let's get it started in here

[Lucie]
Hi, my name is, what?
My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka Elijay
Hi, my name is, huh?
My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka bum bum

[L.E.J]
It's the hard knock life for us
It's the hard knock life for us!
Instead of treated, we get tricked
Instead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the hard knock life!

[Lucie]
I'm beginnin' to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box
They said I rap like a robot, so call me rap-bot, rap-bot

[Elisa]
You write normal? Fuck being normal
And I just bought a new raygun from the future
Just to come and shoot ya, like when Fabolous made Ray J mad
Cause Fab said he looked like a fag at Mayweather's pad
Singing to a man while they played piano
Man, oh man, that was a 24/7 special on the cable channel
So Ray J went straight to the radio station
The very next day, "Hey Fab, I'ma kill you!"
Lyrics coming at you at supersonic speed (J.J. Fad)

[Lucie]
Uh, summa-lumma, dooma-lumma, you assuming I'm a human
What I gotta do to get it through to you? I'm superhuman

[Elisa]
Innovative and I'm made of rubber
So that anything you say is ricocheting off of me and it'll glue to you and

[Lucie ; Elisa]
I'm devastating, more than ever demonstrating
How to give a mothafuckin' audience a feeling like it's levitating
Never fading, and I know the haters are forever waiting
For the day that they can say I fell off, they'll be celebrating

[Lucie]
I'm beginnin' to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box
They said I rap like a robot, so call me rap-bot, rap-bot

My tea's gone cold, I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your pictures on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad (not so bad)