Because you know I'm all about that rape,
about that rape, da popsicle.
I'm all about that rape, bout that rape, da popsicle.
I'm all about that rape, bout that rape, da popsicle.
I'm all about that rape, bout that rape, da popsicle.
Rape, rape, rape.

I like Jello Pudding and Pudding Pie too,
I like it red and yellow and bippy boppy blue.
I got the pokey dokey pudding cup,
you black kids need to pull your pants up.

Now they accusing me of raping booty bop,
saying i put the pudding in the pudding pop.
If you got Jello Pudding give me some,
there is no Jello where I'm going.
Da poop poopy bum.

Vanessa, she told me don't worry about consent.
Theo told me, put your popsicle where it where it will fit.

If anyone says that I raped them, it isn't true.
so go get Rudy and Sandra and lets have a BBQ.
Close the door.

Because you know I'm all about that rape,
bout that rape, da popsicle.
I'm all about that rape, bout that rape, da popsicle.
I'm all about that rape, bout that rape, da popsicle.
I'm all about that rape, bout that rape, da popsicle.
Rape, rape, rape.

I'm all about that rape, about that rape, the rapity-doopity double.

I'm bringing pudding back,
go ahead and have another Jello pudding snack,
I like to have pudding in the sack,
the rape with the pudding da Rudy (inaudible mumbling)

Vanessa she told me don't worry about the cops,
they wont arrest you, so you wont ever have to stop,
you know i wont be no stick-figure silicone BBQ,
so go get the Theo and the Rudy and the Clare
and the Raven too.

Because you know I'm all about that rape,
the rape with the popsicle,
all about that rape, bou dat popsicle,
all about that rape, that rape popsicle,
about that rape, about that rape

You know I'm all about that rape,
about that rape, popsicle,
all about that rape, the rape with the pop da pop,
all about that rape, the popsicle pop,
all about that rape, popsicle,
all about that rape, the rapey cake,
all about that rape, take off your clothes,
all about that rape, for puddings Pete's sake,
all about that rape.

Let's go!
I'm Ricky Lake,
How do you expect to get shoes, the store is closed
so lets go home and rape Theo.