[Intro]
Michelle, can we go bomb dropping?
What, what, what, what
What, what, what, what
What, what, what, what
What, what, what, what
What, what, what, what
What, what, what, what
What, what, what, what
What, what, what, what
Ah, Obama, Obama, Obama, Obama!
Obama, Obama, Obama, Obama!
Obama, Obama, Obama, Obama!
Obama, Obama, Obama, Obama!
Obama, Obama, Obama, Obama!
Obama, Obama, Obama, Obama!
Obama, Obama, Obama, Obama!
Obama, Obama, Obama, Obama!

[Hook 1]
I'm gonna smoke some crack
Only got twenty rocks in my pocket
Ah, I'm Obama, run tell yo mama
Bitch I want some corn dogs

[Verse 1]
I walk into congress like, "What up with y'all, this ruckus!"
I'm the lead speaker of the big black caucus
I'm here to give back to all my crackheads and junkies
Joe Biden says "Damn I'm a old-ass honky"
I'm a little fucking lazy, I get high with Jay-Z
And give myself a raise 'cause I'm the one who pays me
Happy Reverend Dr. Martin Luther Jr. King Blvd. Street
Now lemme get a chicken sammich at the KFC
(Shit)
But Michelle, it was 99 cents!
I'm just gonna pocket shit
Chicken bits and chocolate chips
And anyone that's starting shit
Is getting hit with rocket ships
I'mma drop a bomb on anyone that's even talking shit
It's politics, wanna come start the next apocalypse?
I'mma bomb Pakistan, I was born in Pakistan
No, for real, I used to smoke crack in I'm Blackistan
Standing round, handing out burritos at the border
Let's keep the Mexicans away from my daughters
You want fucking health care?
I'll give you some Michelle care
Brocolli and excercise, several kinds of welfare
Hell, I'm still on welfare, food stamps, bridge cards
I still smoke crack, smack a bitch and steal cars
I could blow up any country from my cell phone
Michelle, wait, hold on, where'd Michelle go?

[Hook 2]
I'm gonna choke a tramp
Homie, got 20 Glocks in my pocket
All your mamas working for Obama
On the White House street corner
I'm gonna smoke a pack
Only got a couple fried chicken buckets
Me, Michelle and Hilary and Palin
It's a fucking foursome

[Verse 2]
What you know about fighting against evil?
What you know abut bombing countries full of brown people?
I did it, I shot Bin Laden like a damn peasant
One man's n**ga is another man's president (Oh god)
I was born in Chicago, that's a village in Africa
All we had to eat was, uh, dog shit with paprika
I'm illuminati, you could find me on the dollar bill
I cut through lines at Disney rides and the cider mill
I'm playing with Nancy Reagan's Granny panties
In the Oval Office, getting my cock sucked motherfucker
I'm wearing Abe Lincoln's top hat motherfucker
I'm smoking JFK's crack rocks motherfucker
They be like, "All these kids are pretty dumb"
I be like, "Yo, how about them broke-ass teachers?"
The kids are dumb fucks and teachers want money
So let's give teachers money, maybe they'll wanna teach
I call that a plain common sense solution
I smoke crack with a rolled up constitution
I hate America!
First chance I get you can bet I'll give this place back to the Cherokas
If you cross your eyes at Osama bin Laden
It sorta kinda looks like Obama Biden
I'm a Muslum, praise Osama, and I did 9/11
It was a mistake, one I'm not proud of
How could I have known you'd elect me president?
I look like a Taliban marathon runner
This is awkward

[Hook 3]
I'm gonna bomb Iraq
Before they try to build a nuclear rocket
Achmadina, daba-duba-dilla
Bitch I'm coming for ya

[Bridge]
I smoke the baddest dro
I stole a Camaro
I boned the fattest ho
From that bus stop down the road
I drop the baddest bombs
I was born in Taiwan
I can do what I want
Got them fly-ass n**ga drones

[Hook 4]
I'm gonna smoke some crack
Only got twenty rocks in my pocket
I'm Obama, run tell yo mama
Bitch I want some pork chops

[Outro]
Thank you! I wanna thank for making this all possible!
Black Jesus, uhhhhhhhhhhh, my manager, Rabbi Schwartz
My State Farm agent, uhhhhhhhhhhh, like a good nigga, Obama is there
My steak farm Asian, Kim-Jong Un
And I gotta thank the young people
Stay in school, and you will become president!
God bless America!
Fuck you, Taylor Swift
You bitch