Bro, V.I.P
Let's kick it
Isis Isis Baby, Isis Isis Baby.

Alright, stop,
The Caliphate has risen; Isis attacks on a worldwide mission
Following the great prophet's writing: "Kill the infidel wherever you find him."
Doing a jihad, that's holy war
Everyone literally hit the floor
This is how we roll, we're not too gentle
Word of Allah is fundamental.

Damn, Ahmed is cool; he blew up a hospital and two schools
Spilling the blood of our enemies
The jihad will go on for centuries
Non-believers, prepare to pay
The word of Allah you disobey
If you're crazy, Sunni and proud of it, dance to the hook that I sing in Arabic.

Isis Isis Baby, forever
Isis Isis Baby, forever
Isis Isis Baby, forever
Isis Isis Baby, forever.

Now the jihad is coming to a theatre near you, everybody jumping
"Shit, there's a bomb!"
"Run to the exit!"
Where are you going? It's opening credits!
I hear this movie's real good, sit down have some Pringles
We're dying to see this movie tonight; worst first date ever, am I right?
Hope you like movies in 3D
Explosions real close and pretty, so interactive
If you don't like it, should've waited for DVD
You can watch the sequel in your next life
Now your house belongs to your ex-wife
Your new address is hell
Who knew a movie could do so well and bomb
"That was good, come on; I'll put down my gun, we're having fun!" "My dynamite is on a timer, girl, got some time to kill - infidels."
"Ready? We're about to die, this good time to apologize to Allah for your life of sin like eating ham and drinking gin."
"No, no, no, no, these are forbidden like marriage to more than four women."
"Bro, you have a lot to learn; ten more seconds 'til you burn in hell for not following God's will."
"I know jihad can be a buzzkill. If there is a problem, bro, I'll solve it; look at the bomb tucked under my armpit."

Isis Isis Baby, forever
Isis Isis Baby, forever
Isis Isis Baby, forever
Isis Isis Baby, forever.

Taking over the world as we know it
"Here's the bomb, bro, don't blow it!"
Take down the great Satan and Canada; I really hate them
It's time to kill non-believers and infidels
Won't stop until everyone's dead
Spread peace just like the Qur'an said
Blood-shed is how truth is spread
Painting Allah's planet red
Soon, everyone will submit to Islam
"Bro, get ready, it'll be fun!"
Death to apostates; Christians, too; say goodbye to the gays and jews
"If there is a problem, bro I'll solve it,"
"Get ready for a worldwide caliphate."

Isis Isis Baby, forever
Isis Isis Baby, forever
Isis Isis Baby, (bro) forever
Isis Isis Baby, forever.
Isis!
"Bro, man let's get out of here."
"Word to Osama."
Isis Isis Baby (hey bro)
Isis Isis Baby (hey bro, hey bro)
Isis Isis Baby (hey bro)
Isis Isis Baby (hey bro, hey bro).