They call me MC Meshugana
Niggas walk up with some pork and I'm killin 'em
This is my street
[?] Brooklyn

Seymour Schwartz
I'm a certified attorney
Look me up
I'm also a doctor
Drink vodka on Hankkah
Me and my Schwartzes run from helicopters

I'm the most lactose intolerant
Gimme some cheese with my meat and I'm gonna fart
I'm about five foot two with my shoes on
Turn on the TV just to see which Jew is on
Chinese food, I need to get me some coupons
I eat soup with a lot of balls on my conference calls
All the stocks are falling
I lost my retirement
I pin on my yamaca and go fight the Sharpton

Bitch I fuck my bitches than Madoff boys yeah
Rucka Rucka Ali, sing the fuckin' chorus

Jew Boy
Sitting outside spinnin' yo dreidel
Sippin on some grape juice
Rockin that Jew gold
The world just don't understand you
They tried to kill all of you
But on one can sue y'all
Too bad, 'cause you got all the money

Catch me at my neighborhood temple where I pray
Go God, please let me sell some diamonds on Ebay
Usually I'm hungry but now I need some money
So God, give me couple bagels and a twenty
Twenty bagels with lots of cream cheese on the top
Give me couple shots of Manischewitz on the rocks (it hits the spot)
They shroud have never had never done the Holocaust
Yo I'm in the bakery, how much does that Holocaust?

All across the trailer park people hate Jews
I would too, if my father was my grandfather too
Fuck you
I hate you, you anit-semite son of a bitch
If not for Jews blue jeans wouldn't even exist
We invented lipstick and the atom bomb
So Lebanon can kiss their ass goodbye when we're bomin' 'em
Please God let there be peace in the Middle East for once
And please let Iran bomb all these motherfuckers

Jew Boy
Sitting outside spinnin' yo dreidel
Sippin on some grape juice
Rockin that Jew gold
The world just don't understand you
They tried to kill all of you
But on one can sue y'all
Too bad, 'cause you got all the money

Third verse could be worse than the first couple
It could put you to sleep or it could be controversial (you decide)
I'm tired of all you so-called Jewish MC's
You're dumb as shit
Choosin' hip-hop, afraid to diss [?]
Suck my schmickle
Fuck you bitches badder than Mel Gibson fucks shit when he's wasted
While Louis on stage blamin' Jews for the slave trade (we hates you)
I'll probably get killed for sayin' all this by the same guys who killed Malcolm X

But I don't give a shit
I won't throw my people down the steps like you faygolas
Can't we all be friends?
Jews and blacks are so much the same
We been both been oppressed
We both got crazy mothers, and we're scared of them
We both like chicken
We both got weapons
Jews got the Jewish guilt, blacks got handguns (ah, forget it)
Manischewitz got you actin' like a meshugana
Everybody ever have a happy fuckin [?] motherfucka

Jew Boy
Sitting outside spinnin' yo dreidel
Sippin on some grape juice
Rockin that Jew gold
The world just don't understand you
They tried to kill all of you
But on one can sue y'all
Too bad, 'cause you got all the money

Eh, looks like we 'bout at the end of the song over here
This song wasn't too bad
I eh, heard better
But look, you tried your best It's OK
I mean to be honest with you, I paid the babysitter for this?
You know how much a bar mitzvah cost me?
Who sang this song in the first place?
Jays?
J-A-Y-S, right?
Jays? Am I sayin' it right?
I'm gonna go listen to Ashen Rostienburg
He's a good rapper, he likes college that's good