[Verse 1: Elvisious]

To you this is a song
To me this is confession about concessive depression possession and problem obsessions all in a writing session, in a writing sentence, knowing if I was caught i'd be sentenced to death its deffinant I'm death in high definition what's my life's definition? That's only God's vision I can't see God i got a vicious vision for killing I'm Lucifer's vengeance revenge is the only intention  that I have, It's the only way I grab attention, so they quote each lyric but forget to mention who invented it rap is just some things that had vented I'd rather be in a different dimension where 7 Billion people was demented but truth be told it's all delusional, truth be told they won't care till I'm in my funeral, truth be told they won't care till I'm in the dirt or 6ft in a hurse whats worse? The fact that my death sentence started at birth.. probably..that's the way we see it..

[Interlude: Sway In The Morning]

As we journey through this business, through this culture, through this life, no pun intended but sometimes we don't have all the answers, but there are people, who-from day one, have put a light in a dark room at times that make you feel like "okay i'm moving in the right direction" this is the reason why i got into this I wanna continue to do this for a life time, hopefully I can make money at it but, definitely I wanna inspire folks cause this person inspires me. You got the basic fundamentals in Hip-Hop. You got the DJ, you got the graph-writers, you got the MC's, you got the B-Boys, the B-Girls, you know people have added to it, you got the attitude-the mentality and you go some rules about it too. You gotta be innovative when you creating something and if you take something from someone else you defiantly  gotta give them their props, and each time you gotta constantly reinvent and broaden your spectrum and constantly create. When we talk about people who have done this in Hip-hop culture alotta times we talk about Jay-Z, give him a round of applause, rightfully so. Those who have stood the test of time alotta times we talk about Nas, give him a round of applause, rightfully so. You gotta talk about Common. Who's been doing this since the early 90's. Give him a round of applause. But one of the names, that isn't mentioned enough, in this class of elite artists, who stood the test of time and transcended generations time after time after time, and has brought us something new, at such a high caliber, that you gotta put them in their own category is here with us today I'm talkin about the one ,the only,-[Elvisious]

[Bustah Rhymes:]
Awe man I'm using that for the intro of my next fuckin' album-

[???:]
Or This Tape..