Word Word…

[Verse: Tree'j X]
Beautiful Young Thang .. where the drugs at? Im tryna get you high.. slow down, explore ya mind. & vibe, undressing her w/ my mind. You can see it in my eyes, Im stroking her till my eyes drop..

We could smoke L's & make love. You riding me while I light it, addressing me as "your heiness".. Silence. Im really digging your aura. This shit is feeling nostalgic
Would love if I was a part of... YOU

I'm yours.. Mind, body, & soul
You always run through my brain
Doubt that you would ever know..

Let's do drugs & cuddle, I wanna zone with you. Chill alone with you. I swear girl, All I want is you.. Late nights, just wishing I could come home to you & smoke a few
But Im too fucking busy, I got songs to do

My Goddess.. Love is full of hydraulics
As long you keep it honest, Im staying here. That's a promise.. Fasho!

Yo.. Baby, you got soul
Lets take a trip through your thoughts
Im sure that I'd find gold.. You're golden..
From your heels up to your lipstick, Lean on your lips, taste the purple when I kiss it..

I wanna make you numb until my seats wet. Im tryna make you cum until my sheets wet
Make yo' toes curl, eyes roll, dreams wet. Mami thats sweet sex..
All I hear is screams, yes..

Physical penetration
& Spiritual inspiration
Mental elevation
With just a little patience..
That's all we really need to make this night the greatest.. I love your fragrance, and yo' curves looking right, Im faded..

I Hate it.. but I love it at the same time
Ignore the hate, express the love and everything's FINE
In a state of Euphoria. Love, I can't lie. GoldSoul, your skin's a 100K. You'll never fade, ma..

You bring out the best in me, not the stress in me. Our chemistry is sorta like ecstasy to a melody, It's heavenly
Secondly, I believe you're my remedy, I don't need therapy
You're my recipe till I rest in peace..

*Wake Up*

I just wanted you to fuck me..
Then I fell for you, was thinking that you would love me.. & you wonder why I puff trees.. Where the drugz be? You were my novocaine, you numbed me.. Now Im chilling, kinda wishing I could fall through. Yeah, life would be sweeter if I could call you.. I just need someone I could talk too. & Maybe vent a little, but whatever, shit its all cool..

Tried to get you off my mind, fucked around and lost my mind. I dont think my heart can find, anybody..

I thought that you were meant for me
It turned into a memory
But fuck it, I guess that it wasn't meant to be..

Im guessing it wasn't meant to be
Im guessing you wasn't sent for me
Im guessing you wasn't meant for me..