Part I: Outside My Mind

[Intro]
Person 1: We're on the back of the Cypress Hill ganja bus and we're just gonna do it up like this, we're smokin' some OG
Person 2: Oh this some OG right here? Yeah this my favorite strain. Love me some OG
Person 1: I was gonna ask you that, you know, that was on the list of questions cause I know you're a heavy smoker, I mean, you know, all your mixtapes are uh smoke influenced. You know, obviously you're a connoisseur. What is your favorite strain? You know, like, okay, so we know it's OG. That's my favorite strain too. But let's say, aside from OG, what are the other strains?
Person 2: Aside from OG...

[Hook]
Too much on my mind
I got way too much on my mind
Too much on my mind
I got way too much on my mind
Too much on my mind
I got way too much on my mind

[Verse]
Too much on my mind
My bitch mad at me, said I'm too much on my grind
You a hypebeast nigga, you stuck on the line
It's bacon outside, I don't fuck with the swine
Fam I'd be fucked if I signed
Most of my guys lookin' for out
I'm puffin' on ounce, this indie life is what I'm about
Without any doubt, 60 Lights, I finished with drought
The business route, yeah I figured it out
The bigger the cloud, bigger my house
Shit wavy like Bigga was out
You a hoe, nigga, live in a pout
I'm a resident, I live in her mouth
Backwood rollin' OG and it's stout

Part II: 4-19-2026

[Intro]
Most of the nicest deuce you down south
I'm just a east coast nigga holdin' my crown
West coast vibe out
Fuck up their mind now
Maybe I smoke too much
Maybe I smoke too much

[Verse]
Vote for Bernie
Trees burn like forest fires and stale vaginas
You niggas miners, your lineup is weak
Couple grand if you tryna cop the feet
I'm on the bud, it's still Marley and me
Red fox and Harlem nights, a nigga hardly can see
On my punk smooth shit, blastin' '90s R&B
Stoned like let me be
40 dollar Hennessy
Nerd nigga get his cuts from Lemontree
My MCE still got 10 for me
Free my nigga Retchy P
Black'll be home the summer of '17
Hold your hat cause we gon' get this cream
Fume on naps like several dreams
Until then I'm on this raw
Catch me backdoor, community 54

Part III: Petty Murphy

[Intro: Smoke DZA + Snoop Dogg]
Every day's 4/20, right?
Harlem's finest, the one and only Smoke DZA, aka Smoke Dogg
You understand me? In the buildin'
Oh yeah, we'll holla at you in a minute
Don't touch the dizzle, my nigga, we'll be back in two minutes
Two of my favorite joints right here

[Verse]
Roll another one for the hell of it
Steady beefin' with my bitches
So hard just to find a good therapist
I know, happy wife, happy life
But you know how much hell I get?
But back to the raps cause the subject matter is irrelevant
Really
Separate the pulpous from the princes, that's the principle
Barkin' on my lil' man, he actin' like an imbecile
Took the P4 and the Kindle too
Petty dad, type to poke a knife in the intertube
Make his life miserable, shorty what you livin' through?
I ain't perfect, but what person is?
Stank is greener on the other side 'til you find out what the surface is
What your purpose is?
I'm swimmin' all in the pocket, I'm 'bout to surf in it
Stoner, slash never sober
Slash big chief lower, slash ain't no nigga colder
Notepads for these trash ass niggas, it's over
Kushed God back and glowed up

[Outro]
So don do say, I'm off the D'usse
I could do this every Tuesday
Fuck it, it's every Tuesday
Drop bombs like Baghdad, you play
Kushed God fly low
I'm just tryna get high though
Right