Hook
When u die u no go fi take anythin go /
When I go I go ask jah why the people tink so/
For heaven saf nobody get body sef/
So how say u go try take thins go?

.
Verse 1

King Kwasi Dex lost FOKN Boi
More lines than A corduroy
Saint and a sinner live in the Pisces house /
My flows is what Jesus would do  in Nike town. Holy damage
Roman candles, just bought some shoes that's my soul enhancement
And I'm Tryna cop a watch too/
Without the cops Tryna watch who!!/
A fat knot derived from 4:19
I see no evil, I'm going blind
Your soul is possessed but so is mine
If u don't mind walking in my new shoes I just stole online
Bank of America be stressing me out /
At Walmart I be at self check out, incase this card don't work I can exit without questioning no doubt GPS that new route
Take me down to that DROP, some electronics got shipped
If we move this all this week that's hella profit to split/
I pray u never get jealous u responsible for ur feelings /
If u smoke weed for free subconsciously ur dealing/
All sins are sins ,how i believe different? / Some sins ain't sins if it involves ME in it!
In high school I had the tall tee and the fitted and the ac with the rims it was tinted with no job mind my business...

Hook

(Sub Hook)
Only Jesus can save u can save u can saaaave u
Only Krishna can save u can save you can save you
Tom cruise Tryna save you, save you saaaave you
Cuz Dex can't save you, save you can't save you..


Verse 2

I stole her heart , I stole her heart/
Her closet full of leathers she called it Noah's ark
She said Dex I don't even really know who u are/
And how u always pop up and keep me so in the dark
But u come with these gifts it's like u filling a void/
I got this feeling I can't avoid and I'm so paranoid
She said:
I wish u weren't so non existent. I really miss u
I replied
Don't make me cry, better chill with all that.. I miss u too.. I do these things so I can miss people more and appreciate them... It's all an offense mechanism
I ain't even rappin no lyrics right now, I'm just reading u my text messages
And I knew she was shallow
Fell in love with a shadow , not even a dark joke I'm doing thangs on the low/
I'm watching for alphabets,( I'm)Tryna do numbers... Chasing material, money has numbed us/
On the cool speak to my mama bout once every month bruh../
Frustrated everytime she asks bout my music 
So creative in deception even my covers a cover , watching out for undercovers the ones that say they you're brother, but wanna fuck ya lover told mama the game is all fucked up and sorry for cussin. I guess u know what it is

Young dex end my verse just like big Boi would have done it 1 hundred
.....like thisssssssssss

Destro vocals
"only jesus can save u can save u can save u"
"only Krishna can save u can save u can save u"

Tom Cruise tryna save u,  save u saaaave you
Cuz Dex can't save u  save  u , can't saaaave you