Take a sip (part 1)
[intro]
Wake up in the mornin' it's summer time and I'm lonely so I'm 'bout to go and kick it at Andrew's house with my homies now you know I don't like to consume alcohol if you know me but he grabbed the last bottle and told me...
[Hook]
Take a sip nigga
[verse]
That's what my niggas had said
I woke up under this bed with a headache and pills for meds
And I honestly wasn't ready for alcohol but instead
I chose peer pressure, signs of a conscious already dead
A hostage inside my head
It's nonsense, I drink shots of the sake I chug a beer then I'm nauseous
And unresponsive. I'm not saying drinking's the wrong to do
But I'm sayin' if you gon' do it then only do it for you
And not the peer pressure. The peer pressure
Here drink a little nigga you gon' feel lesser
Desperate not to look like a bitch in front of my homies
I picked up the last bottle and that's when Andrew had told me
[Hook]
Take a sip nigga x2

Fictional truth (part 2)
[intro]
Dear lord forgive me for the sins I commit
The consequence of my actions is what I try to forget
But when I try to forget, they turn to lies and regrets
But shit I'm out with my homies so let the story commence with..
[Hook]
Me and my niggas! x4
[verse]
I'm with my homies, I should be home but I'm lonely and only my fuckin' parents are the ones that do not know about us
It's me and Andrew and drinking's something we can do, more beer here than we can handle 'kus heineken and ciroc surround us
I drink the henny 'kus that's what we're exposed to
Andrew let's go get Manny so he, can get some hoes to
We hope to, fuck these bitches til' they turn to fossils
Yes I only use magnums, 'kus my dick is colossal
Now We pulled up the nearby neighborhood where he resides
Andrew drank too many beers I told that nigga not to drive
Now he's swervin' on the curb
And the van reeks from all the bourbon
Again peace will not be heard until we finally arrive
Picked up Manny and he took his sweet time getting in the car
Andrew's tipsy so I'm nervous and I hope we're not too far
Finally we're on the road
Then Andrew's van began to roll
He drove and ran into the pole
That had landed on Manny's skull and now we crashed
Now Andrew's van's covered in red
I checked his hand to make sure that he wasn't dead
And he wasn't, he just was bloody but looked like he broke his leg
I looked at Manny his brain fell out of his head
Sips of the henny had caused my niggas to bled, red
I wish that I was the one that had drove instead, kus
Two random strangers were standin' where it was dangerous and now there innocent victims whose bodies are layin' dead
[Hook]

[Skit]
Steve: Yo yo yo  stop the fuckin' song my nigga. What is this!?
Oscar: Yo, what's up?
Steve: What is this BULLSHIT my nigga, you don't even fuckin' smoke! You're talkin' about money bitches and weed. And this is..
Oscar: That, that was from another...
Steve: This is fuckin' bullshit my nigga, I'm outta here
Oscar: That was from a different perspect-
Steve: *studders* and you're fuckin' copying... this sounds just like Kendrick Lamar. You're copying his fuckin flow....
Fuck this, fuck you, I'm outta here man. I'm outta here
(Steve exits)
Oscar: Damn. The fuck is wrong with him?
Sydney: He's been actin' up kus of some girl