[Intro: Birdman]
My nigga T-Rone
The newest member of the family
YMCMB, Rich Gang fo' life
BLAAAT~!
{M-Geezy} {*echoes*}

[T Rone]
T-Rone~!
Realest shit I've ever wrote
1, 2, 1..

[Hook: T-Rone] w/ Raheem Devaughn ad-libs
Hello, love, I know ya deal
And I know you can get me killed
Get me killed...
How dare ya judge... the ways of lust
When you're the reason that I don't trust?
Fuck you, love - fuck you, love
Hello, love, I know your deal
And I know you can get me killed
You can get me killed, fuck you, love - fuck you, looooove
Fuck you, love - fuck you, love - fuck you, love
Fuck you, love; I know you can get me killed...

[Juicy J]
Juicy J, I don't love these bitches, I don't trust 'em either
Ratchet chick ain't no keeper, I just fuckin' leave her
I'm married to this money - I be chasin' cash
You married to that bitch? She talk 'bout takin' half
These hoes smart - gold diggers be going hard
Leave your ass, now you sick - broke nigga with a broken heart
I'm smokin' like a chimney, your girl wanna fuck my Bentley
You in love with that freaky ho, you'll give that chick a kidney
We don't fall in love, man, we stickily pimpin'
I'm in VIP, sippin' with the baddest bitches
Smokin' on some loud, trippy niggas we turn it up
Your girlfriend gon' give me head in the bathroom, I'm a burn her up
And then I sent her home to her man (goodbye)
And then I go scoop that chick again
And she wanna fuck me in my Benz, bitches with you for your ends
And you blind to see you trust her when she say "I'm just a friend"

[Hook: T-Rone]
Hello, love, I know your deal
And I know you can get me killed
You can get me killed; fuck you, love - fuck you, loooove
Fuck you, love - fuck you, love - fuck you, love
Fuck you, love

[Jim Jones]
Well it hurt, love, don't love nobody (true) but I love your body (true)
And lord knows, had you on froze when I dug that body
Is it lust? So easily, you gain a nigga's trust
It's gettin' scary, she's gettin' eerie to get a nigga's bucks (back up bitch)
All we do is argue - tit for tat, go back and fourth
Last time we had to argue, you had 'em kick me out and put you back on the porch (it's not fair)
So fuck love, yeah, fuck you love
Cause when we break up, we make up and I fuck you, love (you like that?)
Did it hurt, love? You could get me killed
You know, death threats with the best sex; this shit's the world

[Hook: T-Rone]
Hello, love, I know ya deal
And I know you can get me killed
Get me killed...
How dare ya judge... the ways of lust
When you're the reason that I don't trust?
Fuck you, love - fuck you, love
Hello, love

[Fat Joe]
Cause I love hustlin'
Got a stick in the truck, bitch, cause I love bustin'
She love the way it feel, and Jesus walk through customs
Giuseppe on them heels, yeah them Kanye customs
I don't make love - shit, I love fuckin'
I hit it from the back like what the cat done drugged in
She blowin' that loud, I keep the pussy on tilt
Beautiful faces sayin' "I got milk"
She lovin' the crew, we met back at the club
Now we get it on the weekend, that's Saturday love
Sunday night's Bamboo, I'll touch you up
Take you back to the crib and fuck you, love

[Outro: T-Rone]
Hello, love, I know your deal
And I know you can get me killed
You can get me killed; fuck you, love - fuck you, looooove
Fuck you, love - fuck you, love - fuck you, love
Fuck you, love; I know you can get me killed (WHOO!)