[Intro: Fat Joe]
Yeah!
This is it y'all (Darkside), Darkside Vol. 1
Hope you enjoyed
We had to take you out classic status, you feel me?
We had to touch it (Darkside) - Yeah!
So I say

[Chorus: Fat Joe (sample)]
Peace God I'm gone, I'm gone, I'm on my way
Peace God I'm gone, I'm gone, I'm on my way
Peace God (peace y'all!) I'm gone, I'm gone, I'm on my way
Darkside, Darkside, Darkside
{*DJ Premier scratches over fourth line*}
("Listen to the situation my son")

[Verse: Fat Joe]
Premo on the beat, yeah I know it sounds different
But his man's just passed, yeah his soul's just risen
Cold, cold, world is the word that was given
As he see me fifteen with the burner out of prison
Gangster - fuck that, I'm GangStarr
Tell Nas hip-hop's dead now, my man's gone
As I rise to the top, knee-deep in the game I survived every shot
Back to life like Thriller, back to reality
Flipped the light scoop, got everybody mad at me
Uhh, don't let nobody put the battery
Cause those things'll go 'pop pop' through your anatomy
I'm hungry nigga, I'll eat your flesh
I'm a butcher, chainsaw through your spleen and chest
There's a darkside of Texas too, word to syndicate
No matter how intricate shit gets, the hit you get
Joe Crack, yeah man on fire
Conversating with the devil, rocking diamond messiahs
Uhh, I seek the truth while the streets admire me
Killers across the world say it's me they inspire to be
Feds on my back from my ties to criminology
Can't look back now, tomorrow's never promised B
Where I'm from, for president we voted Eric B
Joe been crack way before my philosophy
Banned from TV, BET won't play me
Still we do it B.I.G., it's all Gravy
It's our reality, you call it crazy
But it's a darkside, it's what you made me
No more Mr. Nice Guy - pay me
What you niggas owe before I come for your babies
"Listen to the situation my son", so I say

[Chorus: Fat Joe (sample)]
Peace God I'm gone, I'm gone, I'm on my way
Peace God I'm gone, I'm gone, I'm on my way
Peace God (peace y'all!) I'm gone, I'm gone, I'm on my way
Darkside, Darkside, Darkside
{*DJ Premier scratches over fourth line*}
("Listen to the situation my son")

[Outro: Fat Joe]
Yeah! Been in this game for a minute man - seen a lot of shit man
Shout out Forrest Projects man, Diggin in the Crates Crew
Went to the Amateur Night at the Apollo, won four weeks in a row
That nigga Chris Lighty came and signed me
Nigga I had like ten cars
Medallions down to my dick nigga, Dappa dan suits on - haha!
Saved my life nigga
I took a motherfucking pay cut to do this shit right here man
All these rapping niggas talkin about they dope boys, they real niggas man
I don't know - I don't see these niggas, feel me?
So I wanted a lil' bit more than that underground shit
Had that army fatigue, the Chuckers
I signed a nigga by the name of Big Pun
That nigga went double plat' on niggas
We was at the Grammy's with motherfucking fo' fifths in our waist nigga
Hahahaha!
So you know Pun passed, I had to carry on tradition nigga
Don Cartagena had to rise to the occasion
All by myself nigga!
Linked up with the R., linked up with Ashanti
The rest was history nigga, platinum plaques man
We been rolling ever since man
We been bank rolling ever since man
You feel me? That Lean Back was number one song of the fucking decade
Check the fucking Billboard nigga! Shit!
Niggas wanna sleep on Crack
Niggas wanna front on Crack
I said, "Fuck y'all niggas, I'm going independent man!"
Make it Rain, three million iTunes sold man
I don't give a fuck nigga!
Fight for my life, this is the resurrection nigga!
Hop out the motherfucking casket - brush the motherfucking dust
Off my shoulders nigga!
Yeah, see what you don't understand is that I eat, sleep, drink music man
Nobody knows music like me man - this is what I do man!
All these miserable fucks man e'rybody got they fucking hand out
E'rybody want you to just come, give 'em money
Go across the world nigga, go earn
Come back and give 'em money for free man
Tell them niggas get a life, get a job, suck a dick nigga
It's Crack bitch!
Welcome to the Darkside - a.k.a. "I Don't Give a Fuck Music" nigga
A.k.a. "I Will Kill You Niggas Music" - haha!
Seen that nigga Puff surfing on the hood nigga
You killed that Harlem shit bruh - HA!
Yeah, Darkside nigga {*echoes*}
Azariah I love you baby - that's my little Queen
Ryan what up? Junito what up?
Chu-Chu what up? John-John what up?
Gianni what up nigga? - HA! {*echoes*}
Little Joe rock on, Little Joe rest in peace
Big Fred rest in peace
Guru {*echoes*} rest in peace nigga
Now I can officially say hip-hop is dead nigga
Crack nigga