[Ace Hood]
Okay I never had shit, including a fly whip
Copped me a chain, including a fly bitch
Movin' through the city in some continental shit
Put diamonds in the wrist, you can see it through the ?
I be coolin, like I'm comin' through the wind
Smell a , check my clientele list, I
Hop up out the Phantom with some chicka named Diana
Born 'n raised up out Atlanta, let me hit her on camera
What? That's another note, rose gold Roley on
Stacks, cheese, ? fly nigga carry on
Realest nigga in this shit, boy that's me
You other boys just puff like ?
Tell the waiter bring the bottles like "Pronto!"
And I be ballin' till' the mornin' like Alonzo
Mi amo, meet me at the condo
Thinkin' what I'm thinkin', fuck a convo

[Chorus]
I got my bottles on deck, I'm gettin' twisted in this bitch
I'm blowin' haze out my chest, we gettin' lifted in this bitch
Damn all them ladies in here, they gettin' wasted in this bitch
So every hater in here, straight middlefinger to ya bitch!

[Fat Joe]
Pussy bigger than Amber Rose's
In a ghost nigga, starin' like we goldfish
Cheese crackers 'n some old piss
Red wine, candlelight by the ocean
Back shots on the sink, bruh
? top, guess ?
We smokin' a shisha, learned that from a prince in Ibiza
Big money on a ?, now a nigga on a yet till your time flies
I still love me a hood chick
It's not smokin' that's always understood Crips

[Chorus]
I got my bottles on deck, I'm gettin' twisted in this bitch
I'm blowin' haze out my chest, we gettin' lifted in this bitch
Damn all them ladies in here, they gettin' wasted in this bitch
So every hater in here, straight middlefinger to ya bitch!

[Famous Kid Brick]
Blow haze in this bitch
VIP straight, go dumb in this bitch
Couple to the head, now I'm gone in this bitch
Don't turn your head or I'm gone with yo bitch
(I'm on it) M.V.P., superstar-status, show no I.D
Got a lumberjack swag, breakin' down these streets
Middlefinger to the haters, what swallow these nuts
And I'm goin' bonkers
Oh that's yo girl, my nigga, well you just lost her
Off up in the club my nigga, I stand taller
Bullets in my phone, they call me a shot caller
Joe a shot caller, Ace a shot caller, twist it up, sticky, ?
Brick a shot caller, Christion a shot caller, twist it up sticky, dude I got ya

[Chorus]
I got my bottles on deck, I'm gettin' twisted in this bitch
I'm blowin' haze out my chest, we gettin' lifted in this bitch
Damn all them ladies in here, they gettin' wasted in this bitch
So every hater in here, straight middlefinger to ya bitch!