[Chorus: sample]
All around the world today, the kilo is a measure
A kilo is a thousand grams, easy to remember
A kilo is a thousand, but can you remember?
When we measure kilograms (?)

[Intro: Pusha T - over Chorus]
Yo Joe, what up?
It's ya neighbourhood Pusha
See my man, my man May May locked up for like 25 years
He in the Feds right now, right
He said he locked up with this old Spanish man
And they was sitting down watching TV
And you popped up on the screen
The man said, "hey, what's Joey doing on TV?"
He didn't even know you rap, haha

[Verse 1: Pusha T & No Malice]
K-I-L-O, the king saying hello
From my Sugar Hill Ray Nathan he's Romello
I plays it like a cello, I pull them strings
To make them scales teeter totter like balance beams
It's everything it seems, the guns and the glamour
The re-compressed birds broked down with sledgehammers
Smile candid camera, goddess in zoom lenses
Unclaimed taxes, sitting in new Benzes
Champagne drenches, the loafers of bosses
Lord forgive me, it's blood diamonds in these crosses
Suffered major losses to repeat the past
Guess I never learned a hard head makes a soft ass
Ugh, and soft white makes for hard cash
And Continental GT's with the soft rag
Like soft batch, cookies out the oven
Getting 13 at a time, now that's a baker's dozen

[Chorus: sample]
All around the world today, the kilo is a measure
A kilo is a thousand grams, easy to remember
A kilo is a thousand, but can you remember?
When we measure kilograms (?)

[Verse 2: Fat Joe]
It's Coca baby
Krills mania, BX, TS nigga!
Ayo, it's blood on the cocaine, a scene out of Psycho
Dope so pure, fiends cling to the light pole
Wet purer than holy water, your wife know
And she ain't gotta fly to Columbia for that lipo... (Darkside)
Cut keys like a locksmith
Blasphemy, but it feels like it's God's gift
One sniff'll have you kneel down and praise me
Nodding out, holding onto your babies
A new connect means a few more dreams
Now watch a nigga flood the streets like New Orleans (get it?)
Blow like trumpets, snorting on the second line
Fucking with that white bitch'll have you on the borderline
Penthouse in the city got the scenic view
And maybe you can fuck Madonna like you Peter Shue
Snowcaps dripping off rock mountains
Crack in Wonderland got coke dripping out the fountains

[Chorus: sample]
All around the world today, the kilo is a measure
A kilo is a thousand grams, easy to remember
A kilo is a thousand, but can you remember?
When we measure kilograms (?)

[Verse 3: Cam'ron]
Okay baby, got you Crack, Killa!
I said a kilo is a thousand grams, but can you remember?
Check my agenda, snow like December
Coke, I'm a emperor, go head and taste it numb up your dentures
Moving in renters, probably a sentra
No I won't serve you don't mean to offend ya, 'fend ya
Roundtable, glass up, all hail us
Toast the life, one they told me will fail us
We prevail from the corner, now (?)
Still got wet, they on water like a sailor
Me and Cook Coke (Cook Coke), cook coke (cook coke)
No fracture, but damn you look broke
Know my pedigree ready is what you better be
(Better be) put two holes in yo' ass like the letter B
My parameter homie is where you need to be
Gambler? Nah, Janitor, I keep the keys... Killa!

[Chorus: sample]
All around the world today, the kilo is a measure
A kilo is a thousand grams, easy to remember
A kilo is a thousand, but can you remember?
When we measure kilograms (?)