[Chorus: Mashonda (Fat Joe)]
When I'm all alone, 'cause you're not home (Swizz Beatz! Uhh)
All I want you to do for me is - listen baby
(Sing to me baby, uhh)
Said you'd hold me down, but you're never around
(Loretta I see you baby, uhh)
Can you please just - listen baby (yeah)
When I'm all alone, 'cause you're not home (woo!)
All I want you to do for me is - listen baby (uh-huh)
Said you'd hold me down, but you're never around
(DFL, Stew, I see you too nigga, yeah, uhh)
Can you please just - listen baby

[Verse 1: Fat Joe]
Sit back, relax, Joe Crack's back
Joe Crack's that nigga ya other niggas love to hate on (so hate on)
Players keep showin' love so players play on
What Crack's preachin' is CHUURCH, so niggas pray on
Good heavens, had to wait for track seven
To adjust them fly dresses and high heel stilettos, yes
This vibe is perfect, I wonder
Maybe that's why it falls on God's perfect number
And you're all my angels
Victoria Secret insatiable, that's this feeling
C'mon, get it together
My flight lands in a half an hour, we can do whatever

[Chorus: Mashonda (Fat Joe)]
When I'm all alone, 'cause you're not home (woo! Uhh)
All I want you to do for me is - listen baby (yeah, uh-huh)
Said you'd hold me down, but you're never around (talk to me baby)
Can you please just - listen baby
When I'm all alone, 'cause you're not home
(Don't catch feelings ma)
All I want you to do for me is - listen baby
(You know what this is, hahaha, bitch)
Said you'd hold me down, but you're never around
Can you please just - listen baby (yeah, uhh, yo)

[Verse 2: Fat Joe]
When you mad she's happy when she's sad she's glad
She ecstatic to see me and she's spazin'
Too much of y'all for me to keep happy
Still in all y'all keep callin' me daddy (woo!)
I'm tryin' to change it (uhh), similar to Alaskan skies (yeah)
Midnight look like the sunrise
That means I, ain't budgin', I'm still the same
Same kisser, same hugger, same Joe Crack you love him (uhh)
You do ma, admit it, girl, you trust him
To be back at that hotel suite crushin' (crushin')
And you just in time
To break me off before my hotel checkout time (hahahaha)

[Chorus: Mashonda (Fat Joe)]
When I'm all alone, 'cause you're not home (woo, woo!)
All I want you to do for me is - listen baby (we on tour right now)
Said you'd hold me down, but you're never around (yeah)
Can you please just - listen baby (talk to me baby, talk to me)
When I'm all alone (uhh), 'cause you're not home (haha)
All I want you to do for me is - listen baby
(I mean my D.C. girl, she don't like my V.A. girl)
Said you'd hold me down, but you're never around
(My A-T-L girl don't like my Cali baby, haha)
Can you please just - listen baby

[Verse 3: Fat Joe]
Yo, I know ma, I see your vision
Fuckin' with me is like an all-inclusive private island vacation (woo!)
Room service, serve by A.M. to the P.M
All, night crushin' this amazin' human being
Got you love struck, topic controversial
'Cause when I'm gone you're lost like that Corona commercial
I know time is money, still I can't reimburse you, girl
For what you wear, that's the day I reverse you, girl
You get your nails painted proper (yeah)
Pull out the black AMEX, I'll take you shoppin'
But when it's time to go I disappear like Copper'
I see you next time when I decide to pop up, I'm gone

[Chorus: Mashonda (Fat Joe)]
When I'm all alone, (yeah) 'cause you're not home
All I want you to do for me is - listen baby
(It's like you don't know I got a wife)
Said you'd hold me down, but you're never around
(Hahahahahahahaha)
Can you please just - listen baby (YEAH!!)
When I'm all alone, 'cause you're not home
(And another one, Khaled!)
All I want you to do for me is - listen baby (Cool & Dre)
Said you'd hold me down, but you're never around (L.V.)
Can you please just - listen baby (Swizz!)