[Intro]
Yeah that'll do it!
Yeah, I love Hip Hop
I love this motherfucking Hip Hop game
This nigga here is a little nigga, man
Stay in your motherfucking lane, nigga
You're fucking with a don, nigga
Uh, Crack! (yo)
Follow me

[Chorus]
50, meet 50, he's the fakest thug you ever seen
Curtis, Curtis Jackson, how come you can never ever be seen
Once I got you, I'm a give you
My, my 4-4 4-4 4-4
My, my 4-4 4-4 4-4
My, my 4-4 4-4 4-4
I'm a give it to you, baby, nice and slow

[Verse 1]
Yeah, yo!
50, you gon' end up dead when you fucking with Crack
Talking 'bout you gon' pop off
Where the fuck you be at? (Cook!)
I see MJ in the hood more than Curtis (uh)
Matter fact, this beef shit is making niggas nervous
It's gon' be families grieving every Sunday service
End up with your head popped off, thanks to Curtis
But he don't care, he stay locked up in the house and shit (uh-huh, that's right)
Steroid up and he won't come up out that bitch (hahahaha)
Is it me or Candy Shop sound like Magic Stick
In the video, this nigga 50 'bout to strip (hahahaha)
Shaking his ass, what the fuck is wrong with this nigga
50, don't make me brrrraatttttt!!
Oh, yeah, you got 65 niggas on your team
And they're not from Southside Jamaica Queens
They're the boys in blue, I'm just speaking the truth (yeah, uh)
Now we all see the bitch in you (yo)
Follow me!

[Chorus]
50, meet 50, he's the fakest thug you ever seen (It's crack! I told these niggas, man)
Curtis, Curtis Jackson, how come you can never ever be seen (don't fuck with the Don)
Once I got you, I'm a give you
My, my 4-4 4-4 4-4 (shit on y'all niggas)
My, my 4-4 4-4 4-4 (motherfucker)
My, my 4-4 4-4 4-4 (it's Crack, it's crack)
I'm a give it to you, baby, nice and slow (brrrraatttttt!!)

[Verse 2]
Now, let's take it back to the Vibe awards
Where that nigga disrespected and snuffed your boss
A minute ago, all I heard was G-G G-Unit
50 niggas ran and they didn't even do shit
That's a shame, I was sitting right in the front
Waiting for your niggas to dump
Where all the guns at and them Teflon vests-es
We them Terror Squad boys, you should know not to test us
Hate or love it, The Game's on top
Now you're jealous of him, when your shit gon' stop?
You CB4, you's a bitch nigga, straight outta Locash
L.A. don't believe him, this nigga is so ass
You dissed Lean Back, said my shit was a dud
Now, tell me, have you ever seen him up in the club?
No, no, no, shorty, that's right
You're singing more than you're rapping, now, 50, that ain't right

[Chorus]
50, meet 50, he's the fakest thug you ever seen (now, I told y'all niggas I don't battle rap, man)
Curtis, Curtis Jackson, how come you can never ever be seen
Once I got you, I'm a give you
My, my 4-4 4-4 4-4 (this ain't a motherfucking movie, nigga)
My, my 4-4 4-4 4-4
My, my 4-4 4-4 4-4 (it's Crack, bitch)
I'm a give it to you, baby, nice and slow (uh)

[Outro]
I know what y'all thinking, man
Y'all thinking Jada gon' slay 'em, lyrically
This nigga crazy for dissing Fat Joe, man
He really crazy, though
This nigga be walking around with 20 cops
Talking shit on records, never coming out his house
Feel like he can't get touched, man
I respond one time, one time only
It ain't going to be no more songs from me, man
This is for all the motherfuckers who doubted Crack, man
Trust me, nigga can respond 10,000 times, and I ain't talking back to that nigga
The one thing I will promise you
If I won't get you, I'm a get your [censored]
And that's it, man
It's Crack, bitch
It's gon' be a real ugly summer, man