[Intro: Fat Joe]
Crack, nigga!
(Mark Henry) Arrrr!
We talkin' big money, big estates, big cars
Big cribs, bad bitches
Plenty of 'em, nigga, foreign bitches
I don't know what they be sayin' half the time, nigga
Darkside...

[Verse 1: Fat Joe]
Reaganomics pushed our backs against the wall
We was only payin' homage to the ones that came before us, like
Lucky Luciano, and Al Capone
Originators of sellin' raw, no liquor stores
Talkin' Cobain, cocaine, that hard white
Pumpin' Coltrane, the go wings, that's all white
Hustle my way to the top, I took flight
Haters try to pull the ladder to stagger this crook's life
Sittin' in my castle surrounded by naked dancers
And fully automatic sticks deadlier than cancer
No answer for this life, we just live it
The only question now, is you with it?
Travel so much, you swear a nigga move his pivot
Centurions of G5's, skies is the limit
It's no Biggie, I does it in my sleep
Darkside 2, yeah, we do it for the streets, muh'fuckers

[Chorus: Arland]
Fast cars with bad broads
Every day we be about that dollar
Champagne poppin' now
So you can't stop us, we on our hustle
So fly... yeah we live the fast life (the fast life...)
We hustle, yeah we 'bout that life

[Verse 2: Fat Joe]
Yo, niggas spit bars, while my niggas sit behind 'em
Servin sentences ever since Jordash was designin'
Gazelle frames bringin' shade to my environment
I made my bread already, and I'ma lie on it
Pull off the lot, and every bitch got they eye on it
Tuxedo, black Phantom, nigga put a bow tie on it
Married to the game, glass shaped pools
Swimmin' in the champagne, every day's a honeymoon, woo!
Invisible settings all in the bezel
From Rolex to the treatment, the suites is all presidential
No safety on the plastic
The Glock got, 40 ways to put you in a casket, choose one
And never push the pedal 'til the shoes come
Supplyin' is a habit 'til they put yo' ass on News One
You got one life to live, go 'head and prove somethin'
I know niggas ain't comin home 'til two thousand two somethin'

[Chorus: Arland]
Fast cars with bad broads
Every day we be about that dollar
Champagne poppin' now
So you can't stop us, we on our hustle
So fly... yeah we live the fast life (the fast life...)
We hustle, yeah we 'bout that life

[Outro: Fat Joe]
You already know
In France (?), Middle East
(?) (?) (?), arrr!
They love a nigga, ha
They love me man, woo!