[Intro]
Dead!
I want 'em all dead!

[Verse 1]
Ayo, they left me for dead, amongst the roaches and the maggots
I can still remember shovels spillin dirt above (this bastard?)
I waited for an answer, but God ain't call
I'm hearing demons and the devils and the shots they call
They want Crack... I hopped up out the casket, that's it
Time for some action, consequence is very tragic
I call my crew the Darkside, we all ride
Keep them other crews running running like The Pharcyde
(Can't keep running away)
Triple Black Louis V's provided by the Sudanese
Walking through the desert conversating like it's you and me
Kanye shrug, paparazzi taking pictures
See it in my mugshot; mob boss slash killer
Triple beam entrepreneur, they live for only pure
The world's only cure, fiends keep fiending more, Crack...
CRACK! CRA-CRA-CRA-CRACK

[Chorus]
Wake up in the morning, same motherfucking time
Thinking money, get money, got money on my mind
Fo'-five on my hip, 9 on the other side
Thinking money, take money, make money all the time
Middle finger to the sky, screaming fuck the other side
Thinking money, get money, got money on my mind
Get money, get money, get money

[Verse 2]
Yo, yeah, uhh
BC's filled with leeches, strategic moves
To capture niggas for the deeds we do
And the cars we drive
Red Ferrari California on my way to Arizona
Mexicano at the border
I used to play the corner, Blair Witch on a nigga
Dump your body in the woods, dare snitch on a nigga
Listen; Black mask, black gloves, rope and duct tape
Put you where the spare tyre be at: trunk space
Can heaven be just a distant memory?
They say you live a fast life and death'll come eventually
Maybe in my past life I wasn't listening
Cause it's the fuck the police, judges, P.O.'s and the witnesses
Heronious charge, an Apollonia broad
Another day in the life, another bitch to menage, Crack
Crack, Crack, Crack, arrrrrrr!

[Chorus]
Wake up in the morning, same motherfucking time
Thinking money, get money, got money on my mind
Fo'-five on my hip, 9 on the other side
Thinking money, take money, make money all the time
Middle finger to the sky, screaming fuck the other side
Thinking money, get money, got money on my mind
Get money, get money, get money

[Outro]
(Get money, get money, get money)
Crack, Coca baby
Reporting live from the motherfucking desert nigga
Brushing the motherfuckin dirt off my clothes
You see death in my eyes nigga?
I got that AR-15, and I won't hestitate to kill a nigga
(Get money, get money, get money)
Cool & Dre on this one bitches
Absolutely, absolutely nigga
(Get money, get money, get money, arrrr!)