[Verse1: Tony Grammz]
I speak to the Romans and all the souls trapped in commas
I focus the loners feeling the need to cry on shoulders
Suffering karma overdose, gluttony of the wrong
And the truth is enough is enough, it’s time to take up our crosses huh
I’m like the moon, ‘cause I reflect the Son
And I bring Him to you, the Holy one
Now, I don’t say I’m perfect but the battle is won
And I’m a flag carrier until his kingdom comes

[Hook 1: Preacher]
Now would you testify with me this morning that you want people to know about salvation?
But are you not asking the same question, how in the world do we do this?
I think if He was here today and He was gonna teach us how to evangelize
He would use terms like Facebook, internet, carpooling, networking, the mall

[Verse 2: Tony Grammz]
I try to pray but it’s funny I don’t hear you
But it’s clear through the rear view; no one is left behind who seeks you
And I peep through the pigeon-hole of hate and deceit
True it is, it’s your mountain of faith I’m trying to leap to
I look to your word for all inspiration
Doing my part in building the nation, kingdom
Races, all of the forms of discrimination, abolished for the divine call of salvation
Every knee shall bow it’s needless to mention
Marked on the day of His glorious ascension
He shall return and take us all to heaven
I speak to the hopeless and those who thirst for the waters of life giving importance
Feeling so less important
Feeling like a beginner, a sinner right at his pinnacles
I am not the man but there’s a man that can deliver you
His name is Jesus, the only one
And I bring Him to you, the Holy one
Now, I don’t say I’m perfect but the battle is won
And I’m a flag carrier until his kingdom comes

[Hook 2: Preacher]
And you teach more salvation and they ask for bread
And you tell them, ‘Look, I am the bread. I am what you need to fill your life with. I and I alone will fulfill you.’
And they don’t want you
So how can we go out and do anything different?
Jesus says, ‘I’ll explain exactly what is going on out there when you evangelize. You need to know, behind the scenes, what is going on in humanity when you preach the gospel.’
If you understand what’s happening when you speak to people about the Lord Jesus and about being born again, EVERYTHING WILL MAKE SENSE!!!
If you understand what’s going on behind the scenes in the minds and in the souls of lost people when you preach the gospel, EVERYTHING WILL MAKE SENSE!!!

Everything will make sense