[Intro: Planet Asia]
Guess what?

[Bridge: Planet Asia]
‘Cause I carries a Uzi
Yeah.  Y’all think that’s gonna fool me?
Shit is real—my life is not a movie

[Verse 1: Planet Asia]
Who want to fuck with the god?  Holes in the whip, hoes in the strip
Clothes on dip.  Backwoods, smoking a Crip
I hit your brain with a solar assist and pose like b-boy
Chain hanging while I’m holding my dick
Asiatic rap, golden ace cap from out the haystack
I’m fresh but thous of niggas still know my style from way back
Since.  And y’all niggas can’t fuck with this
For you to even attempt, it wouldn’t make much sense
I leave you mad like your PO piss-checking
Approaching niggas like, “Meh,” ‘cause I ain’t putting out no diss records
So dick, check it.  I’m not to take lightly
I’m not the type hyping to write without fighting
And it’s not about the excitement.  It’s about
How much longer on this planet you got and how your life’s spent
I shut down your physical form and leave you lifeless
Trifling.  Pick a pawn back to something righteous

[Interlude 1: Planet Asia]
Gold chain music, nigga

[Hook: Sample from Isaac Hayes's "Do Your Thing"] (x4)
Do your thing

[Interlude 2: Jean Grae]
Huh, huh.  Sounds so smooth.  Uh.  Come on

[Verse 2: Jean Grae]
Yo, I’m the J-ean G-R-A-E
Rowdy like it’s 1997, escapee
I’m coach of the debate team.  You probably hate me
You sucking like fellatio, my flakiest pastry
Fuck off, you mockbuster, yellow-custard fucker
Rupture like your lust busted up in her
Future words Jean freak like DeLorean’s flux capacitator
He ain’t from the Orient—he Planet Asia, nigga
Fire-sayer get them live spectators to start thrashing out
Spit from LA to New York.  We’re fascinating—no doubt
Emasculating your mouth, emancipating this disc
I’m such a lady but I’ll lay out your bitch
You’ll never play me, ‘less, of course, on your stereo
I’m fucking imperial, your queen until it’s time for the burial
Come on

[Hook: Sample from Isaac Hayes's "Do Your Thing"] (x4)
Do your thing

[Outro (Overlapped with Hook): Jean Grae]
Uh.  Sounds so smooth.  Haha