[Intro]
5-5-4 Fresno California. Nahmasaying? You know how the fuck we get down. Nahmean? Play this shit a thousand times. Nahmean? While I just cash out niggas. Starburst shirt wearing ass niggas. Nahmean? Fuck outta here

[Verse 1]
My ways in actions reflect greatness, stand on my square sacred
Serious grill, this is the hand that writes the hatred
I scroll the jewel up, your flow is tulip
Truly on your shit, sandals and incense is sueto
Vibe on my scripture, ride to the pictures I paint
Even the deaf, dumb, and blind can’t intertwine with this one
I’m too grown to do what shorty do
The cook up cost more than what the snorty do
Shoot your face in the particles with a .22
From the sleeve of the custom hitting pocket of naughty goose
Why would I lie to you? That’s something that I’m too fly to do
I’m on some [?] whining hoes
Lord forgive me for the gluttony
But not having a dollar to feed my family, just wasn't me

[Hook]
This is legendary status, it ain’t a small time thing
Money machine, use it, the faces of the dollar could talk, I swear
Telling me to stay prepared, stand on the grind
It’s money to be made everywhere
It ain’t a small time thing
Money machine, use it, the faces of the dollar could talk, I swear
Telling me to stay prepared, stand on the grind
It’s money to be made everywhere

[Verse 2]
Shout-out to Frank H., Frank White, [?], I.B Center
Summers and winters, all the fly shit that I remember
Fucking with me on this mic, it ain’t a man that I know
Since selling dope out the brownies out of abandoned condos
One verse will have you all stuck
Might hold a hand and kick a can to get my balls sucked
Parental advisory, I suggest we’re dealing with rhymes of chef
When I’m beasting, I’m releasing all kinds of stress
You fooly ass rappers is making it too easy for me
I’m on my fly thug shit, that’s easy money
With enough brethren, that’s rough around the edges
Here to ruffle up some feathers, and it’s nothing, it’s whatever
Lord forgive me for the gluttony
But not being a g-o-d on my cipher just wasn't me
Still sucker free, niggas can’t fuck with me
And not having no money to feed my family, fuck a "please"

[Hook]