[INTRO: Sample of overlapping bars]

Yeah
Staten Island! Not done!
New York City park ill!
Good luck, kid! [?]
Beats! Yeah!
Hip hop!
Yo!
Killer bees gonna swarm, killer armed thugs! [?]
Killah Priest [?]!
'Sup killer bees!
Gold teeth! That's real talk, my nigga, yo!

[Verse 1: M-Eighty]
I started off 'cited, rhyme radic and it's evident
Hip hop ain't going nowhere while the Almighty is present
A nickel for your thoughts, 100,000 for these facets
All my comrades in the force
Strictly moving about your business
Never a question, fuck the tension, mind your ps and qs
Some used to dropping dimes {​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​We used to dropping jewels}​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​
Some used to copping pleas {​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​We issue no excuse}​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​
Cock back aim and squeeze let loose like what it do?
Now who you? Killa Beez swarm, guess who back home
With the gold chain military brandishing arms
Like word is bong
Can-I-Bus, what up? Let's get it on
Standing in the middle of the King of the Dot
Like fuck 'em all, we the greatest
Track record proven through song
What's beef? Medium well filet mignon
With a side of crock fried rice and sweet cream corn
They u'ed-a puttin' out a fucking album out trying to challenge the Gods
Chopping your swords

[Hook]

Al-al-al-al-al-al- Almighty
Al-al-al-al-al-al- Almighty
Al-al-al-al-al-al- Almighty
Al-al-al-al-al-al- Almighty
[Sample] {​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​Thank God Almighty they free at last!}​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​

Al-al-al-al-al-al- Almighty
Al-al-al-al-al-al- Almighty
Al-al-al-al-al-al- Almighty
Al-al-al-al-al-al- Almighty
[Sample] {​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​Thank God Almighty they free at last!}

[Verse 2: Canibus]
Yo, speakin' with Darth Vader, talk like Marc Faber
James Earl Jones flavor, M-Eighty asked me for a favor
Super lyrical tongue laces pock-marked lungs with craters
Jamaican comet ISOSun raiser
Almighty fundraiser, the "redrum" undertaker
2013, this another summer shaker
Earthquakes hit Yukadis, cicadas breathing poisonous vapors
Alien races descended from spaceships
Dangerous homostasis married to the matrices
Your soul is naked in the Synagogue of Sad
And his Satan is filled with hatred
Clint Eastwood gotta get a background check to buy ammo cases
Accidental racists in the eggshell White House
Signing Executive Orders to put your lights out
They don't care what your life is about
If you got something to say
The slavemaster gonna bite you in the mouth
Hip Hop war via active Chief Information Officer
Agent So-and-So wanna talk to ya
A robot brain is at the top of the food chain
The Anti-Christ is a pimp, technology is king! King!

[Hook]

[Verse 3:  Cappadonna]
Al-Al-Al-Al-Al-Almighty
Represent hip hop like Chris Lighty
Hold the mic like this is magic
You don't wanna fight me
Killa Beez on the swarm
You better have nice at me
Suck me I'm married to this shit
My niggas be throwing rice at me
More money, more mice
More gold,  more ice
More swords, more vice
And we ain't even finished yet
Matey got me going to prison
Thinking number winning vet
Now I gotta spend the debt
Let's go get dough, spitting on these niggas
And I'm killing them with my sick flow
Let my shit go P-A-P-I
Wardrobe king
I don't give a fuck, nigga
You could put me in the bing
All my niggas gots locked up
Do your fuckin' thing
Throw them bells in the air
Let them motherfuckers ring
Bong! Bong! Bong! Bong! Bong! Bong!

[HOOK]

[Fourth verse: Planet Asia]
Al-Al-Al-Al-Al-Almighty
Yo, Mama's child ain't the size of a midget
Don't come talking that bullshit if it ain't about digits
I'm a murderous manmade machine out the galaxy
Fuck up any emcee in the squad tryin' to battle me
None of ya'll can flow on my level
I'm the god quick to tell him to his face
That your man is a devil
And I came with my white partners
Jewish homies and skateboarders, tastemakers
And killas that'll straight slaughter
Who want what can get what and what not
Buckshot spackle your face right at the bus stop
Shots from 100,000 autos
Your wifey wanna swallow and gargle my marbles
Gucci dungarees and Nautica cargos
Send the cash to my account, Wells Fargo
Almighty
Almighty

[Hook]