[Intro]
Scum Gang!

[Hook]
Bang! Run up kick the door
Bang! Fuckin' up that pole
Bang! Nigga want that smoke
Bang! Niggas do that talk
Bang! Fuck all that talking, let's go
Bang! Niggas don't want war
Bang! Fuck all that talking, let's go
Bang! Niggas don't want war

[Verse 1]
TEKA$HI69 don't fold, boy, TEKA$HI69 on "go," boy
TEKA$HI69 tote poles, boy, Tekashi gon' let that go, boy
With that black .44, boy, shoot you through your cross, boy
Leave you in a hole, boy, you gon' get exposed, boy
Pull up with the Glocks out, red dots out
Pull the mops out and the chops out, niggas air it out
Go all out, when we back out that's a blackout
Shooters all go, they don't clock out
That's–that's a man down, when we rain down
We don't play around, you get laid down
You gon' stay down, throw shade now
Get flamed now, you erased now
Leave you face down on the playground
Pull up on a nigga, two-deep
Niggas talkin' shit so I wanna' go see 'em
In a nigga city ridin' 'round with the heat
Pop out, Glocks out niggas ain't tryna speak
Fire on me, boy must be brazy nigga, uh
Rainbow lasers nigga, uh
Cut your face with a razor nigga, uh
Ambulance can't save you, nigga

[Hook]
Bang! Run up kick the door
Bang! Fuckin' up that pole
Bang! Nigga want that smoke
Bang! Niggas do that talk
Bang! Fuck all that talking, let's go
Bang! Niggas don't want war
Bang! Fuck all that talking, let's go
Bang! Niggas don't want war

[Verse 2]
Boy you know you ain't thuggin', nigga
You ain't really on nothin', nigga
You don't want no trouble, nigga, you a fumble, nigga
You don't want it with my Harlem, nigga
Under pressure, you'll crumble, nigga, quit frontin', nigga
Boy you need to be humble, nigga, ten toes, I don't stumble, nigga
Double-double nigga, ten shots, ten clips, one clip
I don't got no jumper nigga, man, I swear this shit no fair
You don't wanna end up in the crosshairs
Leave a nigga froze up in his Moncler
ACOG on his mug make 'em more clear
And I swear that the niggas deserve it, uh
Niggas they snakes, they serpents, uh
They pussy and that is my verdict, uh
Retaliate then we burnin' 'em
I bust and I know that I'm hurtin' 'em
She suckin' him off the Percy, uh
She love me, she say I'm so perfect, uh
That's your bitch, she suckin' my posse up
We squaded, we lookin' like a mafia
I'm booted, I popped me a molly, uh
I'm geekin', I'm rowdy, I'm fired up
I wish a little nigga would try and run up, bang!