[Intro: ZillaKami]
Scum Gang!
Taking passage
GHXST

[Verse 1: Zillakami]
Drugs in my veins taking passage
Laid out tripping, flipping, addict with the habits
Paid a couple thousand for the casket
Niggas won't sleep well after being savaged
Vertical face split, skip the fucking casings
Bags in my eyes and my dreams in the Hell pits
Burning all the pictures of the dreams in the mansion
Using dirty dishes, mentally I'm Charles Manson

[Verse 2: 6ix9ine]
Smooth nigga, false step, you rise
Don't move nigga, cross-hairs in sight
The zoo nigga, concrete both sides
Who you nigga? One step, you die
Tekashi69 from that Scum fucking Squad
No doors, break the walls, Scum Gang 'til I fall (Squad)

[Verse 3: ZillaKami]
Zilla, resurrect outta the crypts
The Loch Ness off-rip, green, yellow, the piss
The Palm grip, four-fifth, running 'round in the trench
You want shit, talk shit, might rip off your lips
If you God, I'm Kratos, the black is the rose
The flower that bloomed at Selena, it's thrown
The Yokai killer, creeping in the grove
Y'all niggas pose, I'm gone bake in the stove

[Verse 4: 6ix9ine]
Came to the God and your jaw got bent
Big shit loud like the block got hit
Came outta jail, still hitting them licks
Off on bail, still flicking that wrist
Want collabs? Ain't doing it for nothing
Wanna meet up? Scum Gang ain't trusting
Getting beat up? Not slick, we busting
Switchblade-hip, square up, I'm cutting

[Verse 5: ZillaKami]
Acting like you Scum, but it ain't in your veins
Acting like you Scum, but it ain't in your brain
Lord of the gauze and the God of the pain
Man, I draw with force of the Four Horsemen
Hundred to a thousand to a gold fucking brick
You fucking with the rawest of the raws with the grip
With the white tee cotton and the shirt say "RIP"
Ten-toes never ever trip, bitch

[Break: SosMula]
Time slow, eyes closed, I know I ain’t no blind fool (hey!)
Something media blindfolds, body or mind (hey!)
Time slow, eyes closed, I know I ain’t no doctor
Something media blindfolds (Who? Who? Who? Who?)

[Outro: ScumBagChad]
Scum Gang, nigga, still no charity
Suck my dick, Scum Gang forever, nigga
Aye, Scum, Gang, Scum, Gang
Uh, reaching for the knife, come all the way to murder
Deal with it. You got a what now?
I got one deal. Shut up, nigga
Aye, fuck you, nigga. Scum Gang, nigga
Fuck the police, fuck the non-believers, all those niggas
GHXST
Scum. Y'all niggas all gang to be the scum