[Intro – Diabolic]
Diabolic.  Tones, where the fuck you at, son?  Check it.  Yo…

[Verse 1 – Diabolic]
A lotta cats who rap can write a murderous rhyme
But lack the endurance to shine on this vertical climb
I see the current design in my life in hindsight
Vision impaired, staring at the glare from the limelight
The shine’s bright, so friends eventually change
Now they enemies—only friends from memory lane
And you’ll never see it stressin’ me—I’m mentally drained
There’s nothing left in me—pain got nothing left to be gained
I’ll never be sane in a game full of lying thieves
Diary of a madman.  I’m a dying breed
Writin’ verses that’ll make lighting strike the surface
Of the earth ‘til light emerges from the dark the night you heard it
I might of worshipped as a demon who’s possessed
Out of breath from screaming, speaking from the chest
Got ‘em fiending for the next time they’ll see him in the flesh
Like a needle you inject with morphine into your neck
So all my people on the right and all my people on the left
This is hip hop—a brand all my people can respect

[Verse 2 – Buttatones]
Hip hop give me a purpose—no faith and no churches
Blazing these verses underground, breaking the surface
Escape from this furnace.  I’m like Satan’s emergence
Saying, “Gays is circus.”  Rappers stay nervous
This whole game’s worthless.  I remain certain.  This merciless war
My thoughts, they close the words I spit
When the earth get hit, I should keep me in touch
With the beats that I clutch tight like the leaf of my dutch
Burnt trees from my lungs.  MC’s get punked
Easily crushed to dust when I sneeze on chumps
Tired of the fakes.  Keep, instead inspired by the greats
Higher than the stakes are true when the lion’s in your face
It’s mine, so I take it.  My rhymes are so sacred
The lines are mad basic—it’s time to replace it
That fake shit—erase it.  Go back and change it
Claim the greatest when you ain’t shit.  You wacks’ll face it
These tracks I painted not once half or tainted
Yours—black and faded.  When I rap, they engrave it

[Outro]
Wanna talk shit at the end?  No
I ain’t never had shit except hip hop and that’s it…  x5