Diabolic - “A Day in the Life”
[Emcee(s): Diabolic]
[Producer(s): Junior Makhno]

[Verse 1: Diabolic]
Yo, check the method, please let the record reflect
I brought it back to the essence the second we met
Yo, bartender.  Hennessey and ten of these Beck's beers
For every head here that'll steadily rep (Yeah)
Pose a toast to what we'll never regret (Cheers)
Here's to you never pressing eject.  You know
The pedigree (Yes!).  The impression we left’s
The depth of craters from atomic weaponry tests
In the desert, so expect it from the records we press
Behead snakes who take credit like identity theft
(You’re getting me vexed), so to keep your memory fresh
I'm mentally stressed, and, testing me, the penalty's death
(The Devil's reject) wishing my enemy's flesh-
-‘ll get leprosy, yet I'm still heavenly blessed to be
The best you'll ever see.  (No!), I'll never be less
Than fire on stage—no pyrotechnic special effects
Smoked with Bob Marley's ghost, getting respect
“Shot the Sheriff,” put two in the deputy's chest (Yes yes y'all!)
(Yes, yes, y'all!) You don't know the pleasure we get
It's too much to measure like the U.S. Treasury debt
Specialty chef recipes with chemistry sets, selling
Celebrities meth if I ain't getting these checks
And, on the crime scene, I allegedly crept, dressed
Like Ron Jeremy filming Seventies sex.  Now

[Hook: Diabolic] (x2)
A day in the life.  No, it ain't nothing nice, so
I came to give you something real (Something real!)
Staying true to myself—fuck everybody else—yo
I really don't care you feel (How you feel!)

[Verse 2: Diabolic]
Relaxed in the cut, drinking Jack in a cup
Freedom fighter chill with Muslims in the back of the bus, screaming
"As-salāmu ʿalaykum,” in the Vatican, much obliged
To cum inside Mary Magdalene's guts.  Rappers
Come up like, "Why you such an arrogant fuck?"
‘Cause y'all are strapped to a harness that's attached to my nuts
Y'all faggots are just (stuck up dicks) like catheters, plus
(Dudes are wack) I heard your newest track and it sucks
Now we're scratching the surface—(nah!)—we're cracking the crust
Like asteroids 'til volcanic magma erupts
I've been traveling the planet, I've been stacking some bucks
So every dude in town Snoops around like Daz and Kurupt
(Enough!) You're ‘bout to see my atoms combust
Like stars, we're born in carbon form from magical dust
(Y'all are antimatter), meaning you don't matter to us
Rebel Armz in formation, we're attacking at dusk
Tactical rush in battle that'll shatter and crush
Masonic Monuments, then build statues of us
In place to represent some real cats you can trust
Cracking a Dutch with a motherfucking animal's tusk
What?

[Hook: Diabolic] (x2)
A day in the life.  No, it ain't nothing nice, so
I came to give you something real (Something real!)
Staying true to myself—fuck everybody else—yo
I really don't care you feel (How you feel!)