"Hey bartender. Yeah you, I need a refill on my drink. Oh my god, you see that slut over? Look at her tits, they're great."

[Intro - Diabolic]
Ladies and gentlemen "Who the fuck is this guy?"
You are now witnessing "Jehovah witnesses. Where the fuck am I?"
Triple Optix "Triple what?"
Throw your cups in the air

[Taboo]
And if a fight broke out, no doubt you know it's us
That's a green leaf you holding and rolling then smoke it up
We broke as fuck but I ain't crying poverty
On some Triple Optix shit, got your bitch buying shots for me
And my philosophy is I got an ounce to waste
Pass the spliff, grab my dick then spit in the bouncer's face
Suck on the salt, my whole liver in rum and coke
Until that Captain got me spinning mixing with the blunts I smoked
And there's a bunch of fucking clowns here
So I'm thinking I'll drink um under the table and kick them faggots while they're down there
I can't focus, it's no shit, I roll spliffs
Big enough to leave a roach clip you can smoke with your whole clique
So if you drunk as fuck throw your cup in the air
Grab the nearest slut, fuck her and nut in her hair
Cuz we bring the storm on anyone we swinging on
But this is my drinking song so bottom's up and sing along, it's like

[Hook - Taboo]
(Bottom's up)
Down that shit in your hand
(Bottom's up)
Pass that spliff to your man
(Bottom's up)
Drink til you're feeling it
Make friends with the bartender so you can steal the tips
(Bottom's up)
Find a slut blow her back out
(Bottom's up)
Chug that cup til you black out
(Bottom's up)
Grab that bitch by her waist
Guzzle shots, snuff her man and spit in her face

[Coal]
Bars I'm loved by many
Keep acting hard, you'll get an Emmy
You ain't ever shot for thugs, you can't even slug a Henny
Fuck your memory, we tryna black bought a next shot
And buy the first round for any slut down to get cock
Molest the wet spot, rub the knub to get the cunt wet
I really love this buzz, fill my mug cuz I ain't drunk yet
When a punk steps I beat um down with something vicious
Then talk to bitches like "Hi I'm drunk, I bet your cunt's delicious"
I'm on a mission plus my cock hung malicious
To fuck your bitches and take um home so they can scrub the dishes
Drink one with bitches with the Jäger in my pocket
Screaming Triple Optix, turn the bar into a mosh-pit
Bitches yelling stop it cuz I stomp their man psychotic
I see um few months later and they clinging on erotic
But fuck it's just my logic when I'm flipping, after bug out
Slimy as a slug, women know they love the Muk Mouf

[Hook - Coal]

[Diabolic]
Yo, at the bar excited, looking for someone to start a fight with
Leaving drunk, beating a rookie cop with the sergeant's nightstick
Ain't at the bar to buy shit, I'm snatching her tips off
Buying drinks for sluts with too much eye shadow and lip gloss
See we broke but get gold-diggers to deep throat
I convinced them I was rich with singles wrapped in a c-note
I live to freeload and stick dick to cheap hoes
They strip at peep shows for chips to sniff perico
Waiting for the same tipsy slut to pick me up
Ain't got a penny, take shots of Henny out a Dixie cup
Watching a slut get upset cuz we just met
Went backstage, told her I had aids after rough sex
Life I love to live it, fucking these troubled bitches
Burning three grams, drink in each hand double fisting
Take shots deep and just when you think it's the end
I go to the parking lot, puke and start drinking again

[Hook - Diabolic]

"Yeah bottom's up, spit in her face again. Hey slut, bring those tits over here. Bartender, I need another shot. Hey, hey, Diabolic, Taboo, Coal, to Jehovah's witnesses, you guys are great. You're the best."