[Intro]
Time is running out for the planet Earth
I didn’t choose to live

[Verse 1: Eternia]
Dear Lord, remind my soul when I get older
When fingers aching, feet are asking when this path is over
When life is closer to the end than when I entered in it
When 80′s babies are extinct and so my time is finished
I wanna feel you, feel you like the love of kisses
Skin of another breath tickles when they enter
Wanna know you like the man and woman in the Torah
One flesh living and loving each other like they’re supposed to
Wanna see you, every moment’s sacred, every second
And my body is the vessel that your spirit climbs into
Dear Lord, I have so many questions I can ask you
I wonder why you let me write my life into disaster
I wonder why you let others suffer more than they have to
If Satan’s the one to blame then why’d you create the bastard?
Just wondering, my curiosity I gained from it
Was a gift from you since I was planted in mama’s stomach

[Hook x2: Eternia]
Dear Lord, do you think that you can answer?
I got a couple things on my mind to run past you
So if you don’t mind Lord can you hear me?
And if you got the time, Lord can you hear me?
Dear Lord

[Verse 2: Apathy]
Dear Lord, I’m trying not to hate you
You filled my father’s body full of poison and it’s painful
Can’t you just cancel the cancerous candles at its wick
Had to pick my dad to get sick? How sad is that shit?
A billion better candidates, in fact I can make a list
How about a rapist or a racist or a Satanist?
Dear Lord, I’m fucked up in shambles
I thought you weren’t supposed to give me more than I can handle
And not to blasphemous but Lord I gotta ask this
How you let adults fuck children in their asses
How you let these evil motherfuckers rule the masses
And jack the lower classes until the stock crashes
I’m sick of evil getting over and me I’m trying to be a better man like I’m supposed to
Trying to stay sober cause I’m running out of chauffeurs
And rap’s my only way to sit and talk with Jehovah

[Hook x2]

[Verse 3: Diabolic]
Dear Lord, I need you, please communicate
Acknowledge that you hear me clearly, I’ve been losing faith
Was it Adam fucking Eve speaking to a snake
Or did evolution through an ape create the human race?
I need to know was it planned or do I choose my fate?
And if I do I need insight on the path that you would take
Dear Lord it’s hard to sit and pray
When drug dealers get to live as little kids are hit with strays
Goddamn you, I swear if I could stand in your place
The gunman’s hammer would break and just jam in his face
Why are war games in your name? Is there a true religion?
Is it Muslim, Jew, or Christian? Or is it superstition?
I could use a vision, visit when I’m dreaming
What’s the purpose? What’s the meaning of this life I’ve been leading?
Let me know, do you even listen when I’m speaking?
And will you intervene when I’m possessed by inner-demons?

[Hook x2]