[Intro: Lou Cipher]
Turn the beat up a little for me, dog.  Yo, it's Lou Cipher.  Brooklyn Ac, baby.  What?  Block McCloud, Diabolic, Pumpkinhead, Will Tell.  It's Lou Cipher.  What's good?
Yo I'm coming in right now (Don’t worry, dog).  Calm down (It’s cool, man).  Yo

[Verse 1: Lou Cipher]
Insane with the speech, so when I lace with pain on the beat
There's flames that I speak ‘til fire rains in the streets
Stay on the creep, the rage of a beast
I came to see your fame would be brief and leave you laying in peace
Don't go to war now.  You couldn't score on fourth down
Now watch how the four pound'll have an angel's halo
Torn down and turned to a thorned crown
'Cause Cipher's wit makes me the type you don't want to cipher with
Plus the pen's moving quick like Michael Vick when I'm writing shit
Smooth in a hustle, get your idols ripped and titles stripped
The beat by a titan's fist with the tightest grip
Have you see how hopeless a life this is
Give up and slice your wrist in front of your wife and kids
Now you can agree that I'm nice with this
I'll let Pump rock and take this break to light your spliff

[Verse 2: Pumpkinhead]
The Indian giver, Pumpkinhead the pick of the litter
Violent when I'm sipping on liquor, I'll kick in your liver
Plus I got the ichiest trigger.  The pickiest killer
Son of Sam run the land like a Richie Rich type of nigga
Part of the Ac’, type to shoot your heart through your back
Boss on the track, the beer-drinking Steve Austin of rap
They calling me back.  They all want me to sign but they fake
In each state, I burn emcees like a Philly cheese steak
You bitch, the type to walk to BK to buy me cheese steak
This kid's bugging, Easy to Bake like kid's ovens
Y'all easy to break, fuck like fifth cousins
The shit I spit's tsunami rap that'll lift London

[Hook: Block McCloud] (x2)
Death will come to those who try to oppose this
Flows is out the norm and 'bout to bomb you
Take out on you all the bullshit I've gone through
On cue, do what we want to

[Verse 3: Diabolic]
Yo, the reason why my team’s seen as live
Every opponent forfeits/four fits like between three and five
Be advised: I’ll murder you—the final deadly sin
Be at the gates of Heaven, screaming, “Jesus, let me in”
But it’s alright.  I know you want me to take my own life
Then haunt your notebook so you don’t got to pay me to ghostwrite
I’ll hold spite.  You playing a role/roll like dice games
I’m breaking the mold, told Satan my soul’s out his price range
Your beliefs’ll shatter as the so-called deepest rapper’s
Feeble data’s made equal to fecal matter.  See
Who captures fate fastest, escapes a straitjacket
Says, “Fuck the world,” and fathers another eight planets
Scan my D.N.A. fabric, clone the genes, attack
Then introduce me to the result so I can meet my match
It's Diabolic, PH, Cipher, and Block
The same soldiers.  It's game over, like it or not

[Verse 4: Lil Lego]
My speech is mean but I ain't even reach a teen
Ain't a lot of curse, so my verse is squeaky-clean
It's all fresh.  Before puberty, my thoughts was naughty
The littlest thug walking with the shortest shorties
On me, cheap Versace always looking sporty
Kiss the girls, make ‘em cry like I'm Georgy Porgy
Nah, now them other cats should just bow out
'Cause I get small puppy love like Lil' Bow Wow
At the Brooklyn Ac’ pow wow, I stole the show
And I could steal Juliet from little Romeo
Don't you know?  I rock bling-bling
Lock it like Sing Sing mess (Dude, you rule).  I'll kick 'em in the ding-ding

[Verse 5: Block McCloud:]
Block McCloud, I brain storm thoughts, I get 'em in bolt
You can't hang, so you just hang your head and you soak
Make you want to kill yourself like I'm the head of a cult
Poison is better to gulp, quick, then you're dead as a bolt
Got it on lock like a federal vote
I led the revolt and got more green than the Incredible Hulk
After all these years, still ain't missing a step
Lift up my left, give you a swift kick in your chest
My best foot forward, chicks are impressed.  They listened and wept
Give 'em a peck, a kiss on they neck, then lick on they breasts
They lift up they slip and undress, give me a whiff
If it's fish, I'ma step.  I’ll wish for the best, then scratch and sniff
Brooklyn Ac’ we divvy the checks from the underground
The dungeon sound where the prisoners kept
A seasoned vet.  See if you can keep in step
I got E's for effort 'cause I was the teacher's pet
She would pet me.  I'd keep her wet
She would let me squeeze her breast at recess, then peep the test
In between breaths on top of the desk
She said, “Block you're the best,” and taught me 'bout the opposite sex
I rock and I rep Brooklyn Ac’.  Hear me when I brawl
I'm not just a rapper.  I'm also the chairman of the board
I'm Block-a-holic, psychotic flows wired like fiber optic
With Lou Cipher, Pumpkinhead, and Diabolic

[Hook: Block McCloud] (x2)
Death will come to those who try to oppose this
Flows is out the norm and 'bout to bomb you
Take out on you all the bullshit I've gone through
On cue, do what we want to