Diabolic - “Feel Ya Pain”
[Emcee(s): Diabolic]
[Producer(s): Engineer]

[Intro: Diabolic]
Another day, another dollar that I don't fucking got.  Sold a bunch of records and I'm still broke.  Couple bitches in my pocket, a couple kids that I love to death.  So, really, what do I got to be mad at?  Check it

[Verse 1: Diabolic]
My life is waking up to sunshine from darker scenes
History repeats itself: spark a Dutch, start to lean
My heart combusts.  I want to scream, reaching far extremes
Desperation.  ‘Bout to spark a fiend like Charlie Sheen
I stay stressed.  Paychecks are few and far between
I've worked for years, so I'ma persevere despite how hard it seems
I'm just a starving artist. I don't market dreams
Or target teens with garbage, see?  I'm focused on a larger scheme
The scheme I'm focused on goes beyond just being paid
A culture born before the VMA's and pop shit being played
Angel on my shoulder fighting what the demons crave
Presence felt and still respect myself when I leave the stage
But in recent days, I'm left in Hell with seeds to raise
And can't seem to trade an honest living for a decent wage
I’ll watch the local news or, on occasion, read a page
See policemen strays kill a kid when D's squeezed the gauge
Fuck is wrong with people?  We should be enraged
But the fact remains we act the same and aren't even phased
We'd rather drink away the pain and smoke the greenest haze
Lord, if you exist, please forgive me for my evil ways
Then have us all believe the phrase “streets are paved with gold”
Disappointment left the pistol pointed, ‘bout to take our souls
So as the paper folds, I’ll pray that I can take control
Before the present day becomes the days of old and ancient scrolls

[Hook: Diabolic]
I don't see the light.  Is anybody there?
I want to leave this life.  Does anybody care?
Can anyone relate?  Do you feel the same?
‘Cause the only way I know that I'm alive is feeling pain
When life becomes a struggle, I can feel your pain
Broke as fuck, trying to hustle, I can feel your pain
Making dough but owe double, I can feel your pain
That describes my own behavior.  Maybe I can motivate ya

[Verse 2: Diabolic]
Every night is sleepless ‘cause, everyday, I'm broke
‘Bout to drown in debt, treading water, trying to stay afloat
I’ll just listen to these politicians, taking notes
Wages don't see raises close to the rate of inflation's growth
I'd like to thank the snakes who post up in a Mason’s cloak
They provoke the rage in this page full of famous quotes
I'd also like to aim the scope at ‘em as they approach
My logic is to find the positive in what I hate the most
My fans got a taste for dope, so here's a fatal dose
There's more to gain when it's pouring rain.  Absorb the pain and cope
Don't let it slow you down, don't let it break your hopes
Make a toast to fakes and rub it in their face like shaving soap
Today, I woke up to a note my baby mother signed
And I was forced to read the words this evil bird had underlined
She said, "I'm leaving you.”  I've seen this view a hundred times
But if she thinks she'll take my son away, she's out her fucking mind
We're gonna shine despite the turning of deceitful tides
Full of secret lies, beneath our pride, where the demons hide
If I could do it over, I'd still let the semen fly
‘Cause if I didn't, difference is, Kingston wouldn't be alive
And while she smokes my weed supply, I'm here, screaming, "Why
The fuck do I even try?  Bitch, leave the keys and slide"
Reaching deep inside to find the strength I need to rise
Up from underneath this cunt's deceit—so be it, fine

[Hook: Diabolic]
I don't see the light.  Is anybody there?
I want to leave this life.  Does anybody care?
Can anyone relate?  Do you feel the same?
‘Cause the only way I know that I'm alive is feeling pain
When life becomes a struggle, I can feel your pain
Broke as fuck, trying to hustle, I can feel your pain
Making dough but owe double, I can feel your pain
That describes my own behavior.  Maybe I can motivate ya