[Verse 1: Apathy]
I radiate excellence, stay strong as exoskeletons
Murder with elegance, rollin' deeper than a herd of elephants
Stampeding, deleting, eating anything before me
End of story, I'm catastrophic in every category
Every battle's gory orry, trap 'em in the laboratory
Laparoscopic surgery while I'm faded, pass the forty
Slap a corny rapper for me, unfortunately for you
I'm in the studio studyin' how to brew a human stew
Cannibalism, a little liver, lightly salt and peppered
All your records get rejected, ejected and disrespected
Every effort is "Ef-it", fuck it without the edit
Rewind it and write it down on paper if you still don't get it
Foes on shit, leave all of your protons split
Turn your whole skull red like you was Johann Schmidt
Hoes on the dick beggin' me to blow it on her tits
Get below me, better blow me or I'll blow ya to bits
It the midst of the sinners will emerge a messiah
To murder these liars and light all of their words on fire
Every verse and flow - is like "1st and Goal"
Cover the earth with snow, words that curse your soul
Read from cursive scrolls and scribble raps in calligraphy
Biblically blessin' you, bliggity-blow, then destroy you physically
Phonographic devices are vital to reverse vinyl
For devil music, recitals and soldiers load up your rifles

[Chorus: Apathy and Diabolic (Method Man Sample)]
Try to act hard but you won't get far!
(I'm the true fist of the North Star)
Catch a bullet scar no matter who ya are!
(I'm the true fist of the North Star)

(I'm the true fist) Pump your fists like this!
(I'm the true fist) Pump your fists like this!
(I'm the true fist) Pump your fists like this!
(I'm the true fist of the North Star)

[Verse 2: Diabolic]
I got some shit in store, horse manure, I owe sick
Saw the future; I exist, born to rule with iron fists
Got the shortest fuse, I'm warnin' you the fire's lit
And all of you are dyin' if I'm forced into retirement
When I decide to quit I'll morph into a scientist
And build a cyborg who thrives off computer viruses
Send him back in time on that Goonies pirate ship
He'll construct the pyramid and draw my crew in hieroglyphs
From the kind of shit I heard y'all been misinformed
It's Mike Tyson's Mysteries, you birds talkin' is the norm
I hate you rappers, every verse off your list of songs
My dick givin' chicks anal, a turn off when shit is on
Shitted on for the shit you're on, then I'm gone
Sketchin' each Yosemite Sam gun, my pistols drawn
If that’s the case then actin' fake is what you bitches want
You did it wrong, arms and missiles launch, use a wizard's wand
Sippin' D.O.M. with Lil Jon up in a haunted house
Bitches on the intercom and Biggie sittin' on the couch
Hypnotized by Beyoncé rippin' off her blouse
Gettin' finger popped with her titties in Rihanna's mouth
I'm about to get ruthless, I'll kick in doors
Weapons drawn when heads are on some bullshit like minotaurs
Rich or poor, I'll act stupid and immature
Bipolar, might cause the blueprint for civil war

[Chorus: Apathy & Diabolic (Method Man Sample)]
Try to act hard but you won't get far!
(I'm the true fist of the North Star)
Catch a bullet scar no matter who ya are!
(I'm the true fist of the North Star)

(I'm the true fist) Pump your fists like this!
(I'm the true fist) Pump your fists like this!
(I'm the true fist) Pump your fists like this!
(I'm the true fist of the North Star)

[Sample from Fists of the North Star]
[Yuria] This is madness. The fists of the north and south aren't ever supposed to fight, you know that!

[Shin] Perhaps that was true once, but now rules are meaningless. Defend yourself!

*Both Scream and Attack*

[Outro: Diabolic (Method Man Sample)]
Soldiers pump your fists!
This that punch you in the face and fuck your girlfriend type shit. Apathy, Diabolic, Sleeper Cell motherfucker
Fuck ya!

(I'm the true fist of the North Star)
(I'm the true fist of the North Star)
(I'm the true fist of the North Star)

[Sample from the film The Holy Mountain]
"With the correct formula, any human being can become enlightened."