Diabolic ft. Block McCloud - “Living in My Own Head”
[Emcee(s): Diabolic]
[Producer(s): Level 13]
[Vocals: Block McCloud]
[Sample: Loreena McKennitt - “Tango to Evora”]

[Verse 1: Diabolic]
Yo, I’m your live tour guide to see what I saw
See how my street’s an eye sore like styes deep inside pores
I see myself as a beast combined with Guy Forbes
Who feels the need to rhyme and lead the blind like seeing eye dogs
I’ll die for what I believe, what we’d survive for
Beefing with evil crime lords who creep with a team of cyborgs
Coming at me with knives, swords, and nines. I’m squeezing mine towards
Fighting ‘til hell is freezing, with demons screaming, “My lord!”
I’ll redefine raw, started deep in my core
Whoever wants to set it off can feel free—July 4th
They say my mind’s off and ‘Bolic’s got too strange
Like Bush, Saddam, Hussein, and Obama watching Loose Change
I’m ‘bout as humane as pouring pots of butane
On you like drops of new rain and lighting the hottest blue flame
Mixing shots of Ukraine vodka with toxic new strains
Of pot and watching you lames ride atop the food chain

[Hook: Block McCloud] (x2)
Living in my own head, I’m a monster
The voices in my skull said, “Do what you got ta”
You are broke with no bread, so do it proper
Danger, this is code red.  No one can stop us

[Verse 2: Diabolic]
Yo, my conduct provokes sluts that I trust are dolts
Like, “’Bolic’s got screws loose. He always drops nuts and bolts”
That’s a fucking joke, ho. You would open wide
Expecting me to dump a load, so it should cum/come as no surprise
You should sit at home and cry until you blow a guy
And show your bipolar side with lows and highs like ocean tides
I keep an open eye and focus my attention
Or they’ll multiply like Gremlins soaked by the hose of a fire engine
They’ll vocalize attention on some “Crush, Kill, Destroy”
Stress and, when there’s nothing left, yes, I must fill the void
I’m the real McCoy, sorry that I’m not respectful
Dr. Jekyll’s drugs are in my blood at a toxic level
I’m all gassed up—sparking this is flammable
Exploding ‘cause they’re marketing these parlour tricks as magical
I’m ‘bout as rational as starving vicious animals
But still full of myself like a narcissistic cannibal

[Hook: Block McCloud] (x2)
Living in my own head, I’m a monster
The voices in my skull said, “Do what you got ta”
You are broke with no bread, so do it proper
Danger, this is code red.  No one can stop us

[Verse 3: Diabolic]
I love my kids but hate the way their mothers talk
Whores breaking balls like Roy Hobbs knocking a cover off
I’m fucking lost.  But who am I without the stress?
Without the bills, bouncing checks?  Without the countless debt?
I’m in the booth, feeling like I died a thousand deaths
While fans say, “Why the fuck haven’t you dropped your album yet?”
I’ve been a recluse, choosing to be on house arrest
And, honestly, I need to change a Little like I’m Malcolm X
Graff writer turned rapper, running out of breath
Same story, painting masterpieces with the alphabet
The day I sell’s an omen. The gates of Hell are frozen
People sleep more than narcoleptics taking melatonin
My brain cells were chosen, DNA’ll shape shift
The Anunnaki going kamikaze in his space ship
I’m a silverback gorilla going ape shit
King Kong pounding his chest, Empire State shit

[Hook: Block McCloud] (x2)
Living in my own head, I’m a monster
The voices in my skull said, “Do what you got ta”
You are broke with no bread, so do it proper
Danger, this is code red.  No one can stop us