[Verse 1:]

I want black ??, black ladies <--(?), my girl pack fat grillies
In another words ?? ??, shorty got a fat pussy
So stop pushin' before I beat down from the ?? gates
Each rhyme and the ?? spin, we gotta go thru your chin
Now who would lose or win when my crew was losin'
And 'em screws is loosin', what point is you provin'
Now you can tell it when you're not plannin' on leaving
Won't rhyme, you sound like you stop scannin' and reading <--(?)
They say I curse a lot, but I'm good at workin' twats
But good <--(?), the verse is hot, take 'em to that purple spot
If you're tryin' to count pig fields <--(?) in that hot fire
Big wheels, ?? hot wire, nigga you's a hot liar
Bitch, you don't drink, you don't smoke, you don't have ?
You don't bent, you don't flow, and you don't have sex
And you ain't got next, my team's in a sick position
And Biggie ?? sellin' dude, we screw bitches
I got the biggest dick, and shit is fit for giving stitches
And if you're chick is missin', ?? ?? gettin' kisses
While I shit and piss on every loud mouth and critic
I turn your bitch black, fuck the chronic ?? ??

[Verse 2:]

Yo I don't give a fuck who your crew or man's is
Look I got the skills, I got the advantage
And I don't really need to flash my ass cheeks
Bitches spittin' lines that I just spit last week
And there ain't no gimmick to my ??
I'll see y'all fail while chokin' on your misery
Strangle a chick with a ?? ?? ??
Eat sillicone nigga, from my implants to her brain
Bitches too concerned with breakin' a toe nail
I've got the rap game locked up with no bail
Bum is the squad, bum is the lifestyle
Fox is spicy, you other hoes tight mouth <--(?)
You high, but it ain't the same
No, I spit heat like a peak of a volcano
And I do this seven days a week
Y'all only temperary like ?? ya teeth (BIATCH)

[Verse 3:]

I'm back mothafuckas better give me that dough
If you don't give me dough back dawg, blow that mac spark
Back off, black cars with black dogs
Impact, slap back, gone ?? that ??
Hughton fat <--(?) y'all, inner roots of my black thoughts
Cooler than a black ball, abusin' his ?? ??
Check back-pack pack where my strap gon'
You rap hard or Biggie <--(?) sock with that strap on
What part of the game is that dawg
I got ball like I stay on a backboard
You used to be fly like a Concord <--(?)
Copy that friend <--(?), you don't gotta stay on guard
Teach you what you don't learn in the class boy
You get chalked, but don't need no blackboard
And I'mma came up fast dawg
All ??, cancerous <--(?), my face on a passport

[Verse 4 - Diabolic:]

Yo, hold that thought (why), 'cause nobody likes it when I told 'em twice
That I'mma poltic ice, then rose to life like the ghost of Christ
Cold as ice, when cobras bite my soul for spite
It's me against the world dawg, and I'm 'bout to throw the fight
Despite what I know is right, I'm Jehovah's prototype
Gone bad, who'd bone your wife watchin' ??
Who got me, two shotties, two cottie <--(?) motor bike
Ride or die, knives are high, lookin' for a throat to slice
On the coldest night walkin', wife-beater and shorts
Sweatin' bullets, out-numbered, tryin' to even the score
I've seen it before, alter-ego, double teaming a whore
Beatin' it raw, while the hoe screams for the lord (Oh God)
I'd aim a ?? towards you, but the heat cost me a grip
So I got knuckle game like I'm sweet talkin' your face
Don't come out your league, talkin' gun powder, please
You only spit shells when you're chewin' sun flower seeds (mothafucka)

[Verse 5:]

I'm runnin' from the law, my rhymes stay in trouble
Barbwired shut doors, broke straight thru the muzzle
Can't catch me son, 'cause I move to fast
You confused like apes when they look thru glass
I break mafias down, got something to teach ya
Speakin' not good enough, got guns that'll reach ya
My pen sheds tears, lay rhymes and stencils
Got plenty of lead, like mechanical pencils
I'm not in the mood so don't ask for commentary
Like beggin' niggas for food, when they got no ??
Raise a man with no force, got palms that'll clap him
Fuck interviews, you want to know me, pick up my album
Sell dimes to ace, got plenty [dollars <--(?) in Spanish]
Got my finger crossed tight like [words in Spanish]
Roll blunts when I rhyme, I stay weeded
The only time you put your hood up is when your car overheated