[Intro: Deadly Hunta]
It’s Diabolic and Deadly Hunta, you know who?  I told ya’.  We’re livin’ in a serious time.  I'mma do this for my dawgs.  I'mma look and tell em’ this.  Yo

[Hook: Deadly Hunta]
The way the system will become, you won’t feel relaxed (Riot)
The way the police that run me down that make me wanna collapse (Riot)
If you see my people in a struggle Diabolic won’t feel relaxed (Riot)
That make me won’t feel relaxed (Riot)
That makes me want to collapse (Riot)
They brainwash education yo that make want to collapse (Riot)
The guns and crack them distribute that make me want to collapse (Riot)
For what they done to Sean Bell that make me want to collapse (Riot)
That make me won’t feel relaxed (Riot)
That makes me want to collapse (Riot)
That make me won’t feel relaxed (Riot)

[Verse 1: Diabolic]
Yo, they say my arms are too short to box with God
But at least they’re long enough to slap a cop so hard he lands in Scotland Yard
So bring your riot squad 'cause I'mma bring some people starvin’
Marchin’ like an angry mob on the police department
“Calling all cars, radio for reinforcements
The city’s being taken over, so proceed with caution”
Freedoms lost and we don’t need an equal portion
And when Jesus walked in, his footsteps echoed over demons talkin’
Excuse me, officer.  It seems you took a wrong turn
Now you’re in my world, watchin’ Babylon burn
We don’t need no water—pass my team some gasoline
And let the muthafucka burn.  I don’t care—I have a dream
And in this dream, dirty cops get popped and locked in prison
And there’s a hollow tip in every corrupt politician
Here’s a proposition: up the ante—stakes is high
Pray to god for revolution and I ain’t afraid to die
'Cause people shouldn’t fear their government—that’s the issue
The government should fear to people’s right to pack a pistol
See, it’s our right to start a riot around here
And publicly decapitate the King right in town square

[Hook: Deadly Hunta]

[Verse 2: Diabolic]
I smell the corruption in the air, and yeah, it’s tasting tainted
So we marchin’, singin’ war chants, faces painted
Basic training’s over.  I became a soldier
’Cause city hall’s full of rats, rattlesnakes, and cobras
Police are trained to be the same and rape the culture
Plant coke and baking soda on you to make a quota
That’s why I’m like “Fuck all you pigs. Go to hell.”
“Drop that badge and gun and step inside this holding cell.”
So, lick a shot and give a round of applause
If you ready for war and you’re down for the cause
Make some noise.  Then go out and form a crowd of your boys
Now wile out and scream “Freedom” like you’re proud of your voice
It’s a choice that you make inside not to be another victim
And before the system fucks you, say “Fuck the System”
I wouldn’t be surprised if by the time we turn and look
Police are rounding up some religious group and burning books
While crook lobbyists party down at Ground Zero
Shoot to kill and make the supervillain town hero
Now it’s clear, though, so you can either just deny it
Or give the kids a future and start a fucking riot!

[Hook: Deadly Hunta]