[Verse 1 - Diabolic]
Soldier's logic, capture the essence and hold it hostage
Like passengers controlling cockpits with loaded Glock clips
Won't stop 'til pigs fly, solar comets
Chased by exploding rockets through hell while it's frozen solid
See, Nostradamus predicted the approach of 'Bolic
With a weapon arm like Megatron's shoulder socket
Cause I'm the future, hold court and prosecute ya
'Til I cock the Ruger and you're fucking history like Kama Sutra
I'm worshiped like God or Buddha, or the tribe of Judah
Cause my Medulla oblongata got a cocked bazooka
And I'll just shoot ya, while vagabonds tag along
Who are trained to operate on soldiers like Trapper John
Who wanna bet I'm sick as seven plagues of Babylon?
Let's shake on it, I'll slap your palm so hard I'll snap your arm
The battle's on and you'll realize God is vengeful
With the odds against you like suicide bombing Muhammad's temple
I'm monumental, so I'ma go from non-essential
To a memory mentioned next to "Can it Be All So Simple?"
But can't afford to sell, momma never wore Chanel
I was born during a five alarm firestorm in hell
And I swore to tell the story, how we fell from glory
So throw Hades in reverse - back the hell up off me!
You don't have the balls to deal with a Neanderthal
Catapulting dead bodies over the king's castle walls

[Interlude - Poison Pen]
This what happens when you mix a lot of beer with a lot more weed, multiplied by 15 bar fights. This Diabolic, nigga! This Rebel Arms, muthafucka! Stomp the shit out you! Fuck everything you stand for!

[Verse 2 - Diabolic]
I'll never taste my pride, I'll never change, never saying die
Like a native tribe that's fighting smallpox they provide
Fuck the game, I'll take it by storm and break inside
And maybe I'd flood the streets with crack like it's '85
Rainy skies and clouds will form, then crowds will swarm
To hear my album songs, kneel down and bow before 'em
Sound the horns, I arrived in a crown of thorns
To powerbomb blocks when I drop like Bausch & Lomb
Now it's on, took a breath of air, said a prayer
Threw you down a flight of heaven's stairs into the devil's lair
And I continue this genocide with Engineer
'til they light up our electric chairs like fluorescent flares
Never cared if what goes around comes back around
The track is down like K-9 units with basset hounds
These are battlegrounds, I watch them unfold
And see them turn men to animals like Dr. Moreau
So I run into the lion's den with a squad of iron men
Spitting like there's viral stem cells in my sinus phlegm
I'll die and rise again, then make water wine
Cuz I ride driving bent, and drink all the time
Don't wanna sign to a label I'll never need
I'm a genetic breed doing more legwork than centipedes
Best believe I'd bleed to set us free
And I'm blessed to be real, that's why there's soldiers here next to me

[Interlude 2 - Poison Pen]
Yeah! We bang out 'til your muthafuckin medulla oblongata hang out, man! This Diabolic! He's a liar! He's a thief! He's a goon! He's a muthafuckin criminal! He's a degenerate louse! He's a drunk! Hahahaha! And that's my muthafuckin dude! I'm Poison Pen! Money Shot, P! Wipe it off your chin and gargle it down, muthafucka! Rebel Arms all day! Yo, you ever got centipeded before? That's getting stomped by fifty dudes! That's a hundred feet! That's what Rebel Arms is, we centipedes, nigga! Yo, I been waiting for this album a long time man, you know what I'm saying? So yo check this out, I'mma sit the fuck back. I got a leader right here right next to me in the lab. Yo Southpaw, crack them muthafuckin bottles, man! Fuck y'all niggas