Weak lookin' ass nigga, ho-lookin' ass nigga
Dirty white sock on your toe lookin' ass nigga
Rat lookin' ass nigga, "will you marry me", splat lookin' ass nigga
Whoopi Goldberg black lip lookin' ass nigga
Midnight train Gladys Knight lookin ass nigga
You po' lookin ass nigga, Don Imus ol' nappy headed ho lookin' ass nigga
Dig in your booty then smell it lookin' ass nigga
Rub it with the K-Y Jelly lookin' ass nigga
Riiiickkyy!! Morris Chestnut shot in ya back lookin' ass nigga
Valtrex brand new day lookin' ass nigga
In the house L Cool J lookin' ass nigga
No Mama! No Mama! Penny off good times big J.J. lookin' ass nigga
Norbit, how you doing lookin ass nigga
"hey, hey, hey, Re-Ruun lookin ass nigga
Stupid lookin ass nigga
"Down, down, do ya dance" cupid lookin ass nigga


Weak lookin ass nigga
Geek lookin ass nigga
Pepe Le Pew, you stink lookin ass nigga
Freaky lil thang, freaky deak lookin ass nigga
Bang, bang, bang skeet, skeet lookin ass nigga
Tight lookin ass nigga
Fight lookin ass nigga
Had to retaliate... Mike lookin ass nigga
Dyke lookin ass nigga
"Yo mamma so slow she can't cook minute rice" lookin ass nigga
Flop lookin ass nigga
Stop lookin ass nigga
Can't take off her top lookin ass nigga
Women be shoppin, women be shoppin! black chris rock lookin ass nigga
Case lookin ass nigga
Horse and Carriage, Cam'ron and Mase lookin ass nigga
Ape lookin ass nigga
Can I help you? yeah put 2 on 8 lookin ass nigga
Robert lookin ass nigga
R. Kelly 22 chapters trapped in the closet lookin ass nigga"
Hobbit lookin ass nigga
"alo hay himora, ole harry potter" lookin ass nigga

Youz a broke lookin ass nigga
Joke lookin ass nigga
Let me clear my throat looking ass nigga
Spongebob on you shirt lookin ass nigga
I play in dirt lookin ass nigga
Bald up dirty K-swiss lookin ass nigga
Brown dookie stains in ya draws lookin ass nigga
Snot lookin ass nigga
Pop lookin ass nigga
Are you...boot lookin ass nigga
Why I won't lose no weight lookin ass nigga
" lookin real ugly in the face" lookin ass nigga
"gel" lookin ass nigga
"weave" lookin ass nigga
" need to brush yo teeth lookin ass nigga
"boo" lookin ass nigga
"soup" lookin ass nigga
"wearin green joggin suit" lookin ass nigga
" youz a cop nigga"
"pop lock and drop it" lookin ass nigga


" grandma's boy" lookin ass nigga
"shit lookin" ass nigga
" I know you wanna leave me" david ruffin lookin ass nigga
" pre- paid phone no minutes" lookin ass nigga
"back up back up, mind ya business, mind ya business" lookin ass nigga

Wait I ain't done...

"dirty"lookin ass nigga
"bruce lee roy, shonuff" lookin ass nigga
"feed me semore butt" lookin ass nigga
"tiger woods, putt" lookin ass nigga
"shake'n' bake, I'll help" lookin ass nigga"
"ooo I touched myself" lookin ass nigga
"slut " lookin ass nigga
"butt" lookin ass nigga

Aye you betta get cha...

"gay" lookin ass nigga
"stank, wa-wana wana wana wa" lookin ass nigga
" faggot" lookin ass nigga
"hatin" lookin ass nigga
" oh my god, I can't take it " lookin ass nigga
"bra" lookin ass nigga "
" if I was a little bit taller" lookin ass nigga
"(sniff, sniff) now that's the smell of clean... ole pine sole lookin ass nigga
"high" lookin as nigga
"fly" lookin ass nigga
"aye man can I get a ride" lookin ass nigga
"trill" lookin ass nigga
"ill" lookin ass nigga
"only got one life to live " lookin ass nigga

Get the fuck up outa here...

Freestyle doe, freestyle, nawh fuck that fuck that this how we finna do this nigga ge cho big...

"Ompah lompah dobidee doo" lookin ass nigga
"who" lookin ass nigga
"you" lookin ass nigga
"who the fuck you think I'm talkin to"lookin ass nigga
"link card at Walmart" lookin ass nigga
" fruit loop and pop tart" lookin ass nigga
"Ai Caramba, bart lookin ass nigga
"eat some beans den fart" looking ass nigga

Yeah that's how we do this shit muthafucker ya stealin, biten ass hatin ass pussy ass muthafuckas, yea nigga shit dis muthafuckin Doo- Records, bitch! "each day it's something new" lookin as nigga
You betta cha uh... jackie chan lookin ass
Doopa do... lookin ass nigga
You betta getcha waaaaaaa lookin ass

Getcha halo fohead ass