[Verse 1: Raydio G]
Weak lookin' boy, you slow lookin' boy
Dirty white sock on your toe lookin' boy
You rat lookin' boy, "will you marry me", splat lookin' boy
Whoopi Goldberg black lip lookin' boy
Midnight train Gladys Knight lookin’boy
You poor lookin’boy, Don Imus ol' nappy headed ho lookin' boy
Dig in your booty then smell it lookin' boy
Rub it with the K-Y Jelly lookin' boy
Getchya Riiiickkyy!! Morris Chestnut shot in ya back lookin' boy
Valtrex brand new day lookin' boy
You in house L Cool J lookin' boy
Getchya No Mama! No Mama! Penny off good times big J.J. lookin' boy

[Chorus]
Point 'em out, point 'em out
Point 'em out, point 'em out
Get 'em

[Verse 2: Yung Joc]
Oh L.L. I need love lookin' boy
Fake I.D. can't get in club lookin' boy
"Remember me from school" Hell naw, you gets no love lookin' boy
Gangsta homo thug lookin' boy
Ring around yo tub lookin' boy
Oh it's the first of the month, Bone Thug lookin' boy
Got yo hand off the chain lookin' boy
This yo brain on drugs lookin' boy
Jing-a-ling, Jing-a-ling, Jing-a-ling, Bernie Mac lookin' boy
Yo eyelids can't blink lookin' boy
You are the weakest link lookin' boy
No Chris, no Chris, no! Raz B lookin' boy

[Chorus]
Point 'em out, point 'em out
Point 'em out, point 'em out
Get 'em

[Verse 3: Krazee]
You better getchya weak lookin' boy
Geek lookin' boy, Pepe Le Pew you stink lookin' boy
Dude never washed my feet lookin' boy
Bang, bang, bang, skeet, skeet, lookin' boy
Tight lookin' boy, I fight lookin' boy
Had to retaliate, Mike lookin' boy, you dyke lookin' boy
Your momma so slow she can't cook Minute Rice lookin' boy
Flop lookin' boy, Stop lookin' boy
Can't take off her top lookin' boy
Women be shoppin', women be shoppin', black Chris Rock lookin' boy
Case lookin' boy, Horse and carriage, Cam'ron and Mase lookin' boy
You ape lookin' boy, "Can I help you?"
"Yeah, put 2 on eight lookin' boy"

[Chorus]
Point 'em out, point 'em out
Point 'em out, point 'em out
Get 'em

[Verse 4: Meatball]
Yous a broke lookin' boy, joke lookin' boy
Let me clear my throat lookin' boy
SpongeBob on your shirt lookin' boy
Always play in dirt lookin' boy
Balled up dirty K-Swiss lookin’boy
Brown dookie stains in drawers lookin' boy
Scooby Dooby-Dooby-Doooo!!! Mike Vick lookin' boy
I won't need no rent lookin' boy
Lookin' real ugly in the face lookin' boy
Gel lookin' boy, weave lookin' boy
Need to brush yo teeth lookin' boy
Boot lookin' boy, soup lookin' boy
Wearin' green Joc in suit lookin' boy
Say it again! Say it again! Ol' Pinky lookin' ass...nigga

[Chorus]
Point 'em out, point 'em out
Point 'em out, point 'em out
Get 'em

[Verse 5: Raydio G/Yung Joc/Krazee/Meatball]
Just letchya soul gllloooowww!! Curl lookin' boy
I know you wanna leave me, David Ruffin lookin' boy
Anywhere you meet me goin' down lookin' boy
Hot Stylz and Yung Joc lookin' boy
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Tickle-Me-Elmo lookin' boy
You'ze a brawl lookin' boy
If I was a little bit tall lookin' boy
[*sniff, sniff, sniff, sniff*] Now that's the smell of clean...ol' Pine-Sol lookin' boy
This is the song that doesn't end, Lamb Chop lookin' boy
Bang-bang, bang-bang, bang-bang, old Pops lookin' boy