(Verse 1: Raydio G)
Weak lookin' boy, you slow lookin' boy
Dirty white sock on your toe lookin' boy
You rat lookin' boy, will you marry me, splat lookin' boy
Whoopi Goldberg black lip lookin' boy
Midnight train Gladys Knight lookin boy
You poor lookin boy, Don Imus ol' nappy headed ho lookin' boy
Dick in your booty that smell lookin' boy
Do you run with the KY jelly lookin' boy
Getchya Riiiickkyy!! Morris Chestnut shot in ya back lookin' boy
Valtrex brand new gay lookin' boy
You in house L Cool J lookin' boy
Getchya No Mama! No Mama! Penny off good times big J.J. lookin' boy

(Hook) [X4]
Point Em' Out
Get Em'

(Verse 2: Yung Joc)
Oh L.L. I need love lookin' boy
Fake I.D. can't get in club lookin' boy
Remember me from school? Hell no you gets no love lookin' boy
Gangsta homo thug lookin' boy
Ring around yo tongue lookin' boy
Oh it's the first of the month, Bone Thug lookin' boy
Got yo hand off the chain lookin' boy
This yo brain on drugs lookin' boy
Jang-A-lang, Jang-A-lang, Jang-A-lang, Bernie Mac lookin' boy
No eyelids can't blink lookin' boy
You are the weakest link lookin' boy
No Chris, no Chris, no! Raz B lookin' boy

(Hook) [X4]
Point Em' Out
Get Em'

(Verse 3: Krazee)
You better getchya weak lookin' boy
Geek lookin' boy, Pepe Le Pu you stink lookin' boy
You don't do nothin' but wash my feet lookin' boy
Bang, bang, bang, skeet, skeet, lookin' boy
Tight lookin' boy, I fight lookin' boy
Had to retaliate, Mike lookin' boy, you dike lookin' boy
Your momma so slow she can't cook Minute Rice lookin' Boy
Flop lookin' boy, Stop lookin' boy
Can't take off her top lookin' boy
Women be shoppin, women be shoppin, black Chris Rock lookin' boy
Case lookin' boy, Horse and carriage, Cam'ron and Mase lookin' boy
You ape lookin' boy, Can I help you? Yea put 2 on eight lookin' boy

(Hook) [X4]
Point Em' Out
Get Em'

(Verse 4: Meatball)
Come on man!
You'ze a broke lookin' boy, joke lookin' boy
Let me clear my throat lookin' boy
Spongebob on your shirt lookin' boy
I play in dirt lookin' boy
All dirt K-Swiss lookin boy
Brown dookie stains in drawers lookin' boy
Scooby Dooby-Dooby-Doooo!!! Mike Vick lookin' boy
I won't need no rent lookin' boy
Lookin' real ugly in the face lookin' boy
Jail lookin' boy, weave lookin' boy
Need to brush yo teeth lookin' boy
Boot lookin' boy, soup lookin' boy
Wearin' green Joc in suit lookin' boy
Say it again! Say it again! Ol' pinky lookin' boy

(Hook) [X4]
Point Em' Out
Get Em'

(Verse 5: Raydio G [Yung Joc] {Krazee} (Meatball))
Just letchya soul gllloooowww!! Curl lookin' boy
I know you wanna leave me, David Ruffin lookin' boy

[Anywhere you meet me goin' down lookin' boy
Hot Stylz and Young Joc lookin' boy
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha tickle me Elmo lookin' boy]

(You'ze a brawl lookin' boy
If I was a little bit tall lookin' boy
(Sniff, Sniff, Sniff, Sniff) now that's the smell of clean…ol' Pine-Sol lookin' boy,)

{This is the song that doesn't end, lamb chop lookin' boy
Bang-bang, bang-bang, bang-bang, ol' pops lookin' boy,}

(Hook) [X8]
Point Em' Out
Get em'