[Intro: Skit from the movie "Paid in full"]

[Hook: DJ Paul] 2x
I ain't chasin' nothin' but money, nigga I stay active
Doin' so much nothin' in these streets, they say I'm active
Phones dual numbers boy, keep me one active
Feds try to activate me, but nigga I'm pro-active

[Verse 1: Lord Infamous]
BLAY!
The copper with da calico, them whoppers and I'm sellin' more
Hoe I bat you in your lungs and make your fuckin' ears explode
Alpo drainin' down my throat, need a damn straight jacket coat
Cause I'm 'bout to cut you from your asshole to your cantaloupe
Snortin' on a glacier, cannibal that nigga funky
Rippin' off your face like an chimpanzee monkey
Terrorist for avarice, I practice voodoo medicine
I'm the King of Horrorcore; the Rowdy Bounty Hunter bitch

[Verse 2: Fiend]
I say money make you (?)
... double with the money to the ceilin'
(?) from the club yea that's how I kill 'em
After No Limit when I made my first million
Blocks in that u-haul
I ain't jokin' like (?)
Quarter bag with that rock
...
California ...
Loafs of bread in my mattress
(?) go hectic when you out here being active

[Hook: DJ Paul] 2x
I ain't chasin' nothin' but money, nigga I stay active
Doin' so much nothin' in these streets, they say I'm active
Phones dual numbers boy, keep me one active
Feds try to activate me, but nigga I'm pro-active

[Verse 3: DJ Paul]
You see them watch, you see them rings
Niggas thought the slave days were back when they saw my chain
You saw the cars, you saw the cribs
Refresh yo mind, YouTube my MTV cribs
We run the town, you niggas just runnin' round
Tryin' to dodge the Mafia and a hundred rounds
We makin' noise nigga, take out yo ear plugs
You can't afford them nigga, that's my plugs

[Verse 4: Crunchy Black]
I used to be a motherfucking stick-up kid
You wouldn't believe some of the shit I did
Like set a nigga up just to feed my kids
Or set a nigga up and get that bitch
It ain't shit to me nigga, get that grill
I stick ya, stick and move, then I hit you with the heat
That nina motherfucker, you been knowin' what the biz is
Hard Hittin' Money Gang, Three Six the business

[Hook: DJ Paul] 2x
I ain't chasin' nothin' but money, nigga I stay active
Doin' so much nothin' in these streets, they say I'm active
Phones doin' numbers boy, keep me one active
Feds try to activate me, but nigga I'm pro-active

[Verse 5: La Chat]
Chat so active, gotta keep these bitches up out my business
I stay trappin', don't need these hoes around, no witness
Can't get no money, but nigga that mean I can't get no sleep
I gotta do somethin', whatever it takes for my family to eat
I'm state to state and I'm hustlin'
I'mma get money if I don't do nothing
Got me a plug, my plug he on standby
Time for re-up ... right now
Got me a brick, a brick will get shipped
I got none for you niggas who be jealous
...

[Verse 6: Koopsta Knicca]
Bitch I (?) the senator, the pope, the fuckin' president
Everyday I hit the streets of Memphis like I run that bitch
Koop a shit-starter trick, hoe this is a slaughter bitch
Pull maneuvers on a weak ass hoe like Jerry Lawler bitch

[Hook: DJ Paul] 2x
I ain't chasin' nothin' but money, nigga I stay active
Doin' so much nothin' in these streets, they say I'm active
Phones doin' numbers boy, keep me one active
Feds try to activate me but nigga I'm pro-active