(Chorus)
Break the law, motherfucker
Coming up, From the back, bucking niggas down
Come swing, Me duck, Catch you with the bat

(Verse 1: DJ Paul)
This shit seems to never be complete
Though we killed them in '93
The nigga from Westwood so weak bustas my enemy
I heard through my hoe that one of you fools had tried to diss
But I've never seen your tape
So in conclusion trick, You can miss me bitch, You wish you
Could boom just like the niggas in the Triple Six and ride clean
On the hoes with fros and gold but bitch, I'll never be
Because you hoes just too wack
Weak ass lyrics, And plus, Bullshit half-ass tracks
That's why you fools should never come up
You NEVER run up, The special made clips we possess
Rip shit from sun down to sun up
My niggas from Castilla, Magnolia, Watkins N. Brown
The killas from Trig Street will forever beat down
Claver Homes, Summer Woods, Let's ride
My nigga Derek, And Riverside, One more homicide
B. Dog to slang cane, You fools just too raw
Tell them bustas watch they back, We down to break the law
South Memphis, Break Da Law. North Memphis, Break Da Law. Black Haven, Break Da Law. East Haven, Break Da Law. Westwood, Break Da Law. Hollywood, Break Da Law. Orange Mound, Break Da Law. Kim Lot Town, Break Da Law. Dixie Homes, Break Da Law. Foot Homes, Break Da Law. Queens Mound, Break Da Law. Watkins. N. Brown, Break Da Law. Summerwood, Break Da Law. The B.V.B. Woods, Break Da Law. Glenview, Break Da Law. Lake View Gardens

(Chorus)

(Verse 2: DJ Paul)
Pass me that dope so I can get buck, A mean frown stay on my face, Cause I don't give a fuck, Loced out afro, And a big feline coat, 14-carat gold smile, And a bone around my throat, Glock-19 is tucked nicely down my Fruit of the Looms, For you niggas that checking in strictly in them tracks that boom, Boom Boom! To your skull, Cause I never heard love, So hard to cure a habit, Cause all of my life, I've taken lives, Then I gotta grab it
To keep you down, It ain't a prob, It ain't nothing but a thang
And for the Triple Six to lay it down, It ain't shit, Mane
So run, Before you weak ass hoes in my city that wanna diss
And shit, I'll unload the shells in ribs and all within traffic
They want this shit, They know if they do, They're gonna get locked down tight, In the cold trunk with nothing but your nails to dig for your life, Hey, It's just the price you pay if you sellouts wanna fuck with the killers in my click, The tech ninas we point, Coming up from the back, Break Da Law, bitch!
Ridge Grove, Break Da Law. Seventh Street, Break Da Law. Smokey City, Break Da Law. Ninth Street, Break Da Law. Foot Lawns, Break Da Law. S.P.V, Break Da Law. C.C.T, Break Da Law. Trig Street, Break Da Law. Magnolia, Break Da Law. Ridgecrest, Break Da Law. Castilla, Break Da Law. Loterdale, Break Da Law. Anderdale, Break Da Law. Douglas, Break Da Law, Y'all shot them motherfucking Glocks, nigga!

(Chorus repeats until the song fades out)