[Conversation]

[Verse 1: Kingpin Skinny Pimp]
It was on a stormy night, I was ballin' 98
Every day of the week when I can't sleep I'm out here tossin' yay
Police on the other side on the village, tryin' to scope me out with flashlights
I'm silked up like a dough boy, smellin' like Fahrenheit
I ain't got no license so I jumped out with the quickness
Got my track hot as hell, slowed up all my business
Clientel walkin' down the sidewalk, should I serve the fool?
Knowin' I don't sell rock for rock cause he might be the narcs
Anyway asked him what he lookin' for, he said about three juices
Is this a stick-up or joke cause he got me real spooked
He stuck his tone to my face "Ey fool get on the ground!"
Jumpin' out the bushes: four young killers [...]
They jumped me in my back, I'm (?) from the stang ... it was so sweet
Robbers, they hang in the hood where they ride clean
Stangin' like a bumblebee with my .45 G-L-O-C-K
Hey make me click quick, don't make a move trick
Hammer thangs with the gold gleem, big Pioneer 12 woofer screen
Window shake (?) juice on the crush
As I lean back like a mack, I'm the shit, pockets fat
Stack with (?) greens that I make, every trick that I break
They got treated the same way, always dark, never day
*pow pow* what you got? I can't get; so I take
Hit the park on a sunny day, scopin' as I celebrate
GimiSumthin' Family, trick

[Bridge: Samples]
I'm kickin' in the door, I'm makin' lemons hit the floor for keys
We smoke, we smoke, my pretty boy smile don't joke
I'm kickin' in the door, I'm makin' lemons hit the floor for keys
Yeah he's gone, met the chrome, buck him til I saw some foam

[Verse 2: Kingpin Skinny Pimp]
Fresh up outta jail, I'm out on bond, I gotta get back in
Hangin' on Hurst Village track, I was slip and slangin'
Horny for the women, tryin' to find some to stay up on
G's tryin' to give me action, I don't need the satisfaction
I ain't lettin' a woman play me like a pimp
Let me know you trick and then I'm stickin' with the quickness on you freaky tramp
Housin' at the crib I was playin' a hoe for (?)
(?) busted in with a whole bunch of anna
I was buttnaked when he reached up in the closet
Pulled out his Tec and said "Keep on (?) that freaky trick"
I ran into her sideways ... fast
Dropped his guncrime ...
(?) quick but with no money I left Lil Gin come in his gunnin'
The Tec, bullets in my back, I hit the ground
It's on (?) just see I'm on my way down

[Outro]
Silked up like a dough boy, smellin' like Fahrenheit

[Conversation]