[Hook: Skinny Pimp sample]
Tie 'em to my bumper, drug 'em, fuck 'em
I don't love 'em, I don't love 'em
Put 'em in a hoe spot, take me to the stash pot

[Verse 1: Gangsta Boo]
I click so quick, my spells are slick
So watch yo fuckin' self hoe
That Gl-izz-ock will rock yo cradle fatal
Mystic on yo ass low
The one-eighty-seven, niggas that's sellin'
Dwellin' on the black side
The black side of Haven, never mistaken
All day long it's homicides
I fear not a bitch, I leave her with shit
Just fuck 'em, a playa is in me hoe
I do not be dwellin' on silly ass bustas
But deny you d-izz-on't h-izz-ear me though
The Triple Six click, the Mafia bitch
Is comin' out runnin' so shut yo mouth
You just so fucked up in the head cause you're mad
And just really don't know what you talkin' 'bout
You stupid ass bitch you just put yourself in a bad place
The Jason mask I will clamp place on my face
The D-izz-evils Daughter G-Gangster B-izz-oo
Is most definitely mentally de-fucking-deranged
I thought you knew that I'm from Memphis
You better just listen so you can like dig what I peep
If you be violatin' pimpin'
Your ass will be slippin' into the eternal sl-izz-eep
On my mind be murder-murder
I'm urgin' to serve a busta that is flexing his shit
Never underestimate the ones that be like quiet
Cause they be the ones that'll click
Niggas be talking that shit
I just have to show 'em that t-izz-alk is so fuckin' cheap
Talkin' is all that you doin'
You don't wanna rumble cause you know the Three 6 is deep

[Hook: Skinny Pimp sample]
Tie 'em to my bumper, drug 'em, fuck 'em
I don't love 'em, I don't love 'em
Put 'em in a hoe spot, take me to the stash pot

[Verse 2: Kingpin Skinny Pimp]
I'm stickin' out with my pimpin', still it's all about makin' that cheese
Puttin' in work, payin' major mad dues, smokin' and chokin' on light green leafs
Hangin' with thiefs and pimps, my hookers they bringin' my trap
Scandalous trick and if you want the room gimme the money cause I don't cap, I'm Skinny
Skinny murder for pennies, haters can't stand me, so they aggravate my money, more funerals every day
Placin' them hits so slick, smilin' at yo face
(?) keepin' my stable tight, countin' my thousands day and night
No matter (?) comes, one-eighty-seven ways to get paid, taking yo life
Dirty plots, dirty hoes, layin' fools down
North Memphis bound, Funky Town found
Dunkin' on Crown in the shake junt lounge
Women get naked while the Skinny smoke pounds
Yeah we still scopin', my pretty-boy-smile ain't jokin'
Drop it off! Drop it off!
Takin' that dope and fillin' up coffins
Hangin' deep down in them ghetto streets
When we creep you know we out for murder
Murkin' that's stable (?) I was capable
Break a trick, we don't fuck up
Put 'em in the backseat, onion in my brain
Glock cocked, drop the top, poppin' up the whole block
Non-stop for my mob, that's my job when we rob yo stash pot

[Hook: Skinny Pimp sample]
Tie 'em to my bumper, drug 'em, fuck 'em
I don't love 'em, I don't love 'em
Put 'em in a hoe spot, take me to the stash pot

[Verse 3: Koopsta Knicca]
Six thousand shots of a sawed-off
Buckshot knock a niggas crest
A bitch done step to this mass (?) for this criminal
Soul is callin' up demonic sounds
... possessed in my mind for a killin'
(?) creepin' for satan
Replacin' the gauges with guts in my trunk
...  rough Koopsta
Nigga with that murder in his mug
Most of the times bitch I'm showin' no love
For you try to run, but you cannot hide
... door
... you in hell man
And the end of eternity ... Koopsta be holdin' the sinister table
... scripts ... horrors of (?)
... turned in motherfuckin' torture
... this is the (?) what they came up
For Koopsta the master of illusions
Filled with the mind of intrusions
Through your hood I be lurkin' and cruisin'
Fiendin' to put on a bruisin'
Removin' the slug from your wounds and guts
(?) cause I'm showin' no love
... waitin' for satan

[Hook: Skinny Pimp sample]
Tie 'em to my bumper, drug 'em, fuck 'em
I don't love 'em, I don't love 'em
Put 'em in a hoe spot, take me to the stash pot