[Hook: Lil Wayne sample] 8x
Let's ride nigga, we gettin' high, red eyes

[Bridge: Project Pat sample] 4x
High off Hennessy and weed, I'mma act a damn fool

[Verse 1: Juicy J]
Ain't no where to run, ain't nowhere to hide
Cause we makin' death threat phone calls
Plenty killers wait outside
Waitin' for you to make a move
Waitin' for you to make a move
When I get my hands on you ain't no tellin' what I do
Trail yo kids from home to school
Chop their bodies in there too
Bury 'em in the backyard, use they blood to fill my pool
Fill it up til's nothing left, tape record the face of death
Evil voices in my mind tellin' me to kill myself

[Verse 2: Lord Infamous]
... tell you
You say I run into you must spit rounds
Snuff mounds with oriental writing were on the ground
Drop down the martial ... lock down
Watch out, they straps out and blood goes POW POW!
I'm allowed to get a little rowdy about now
Bitch it's sixty-six-hundred-six slugs bitch he growl
Infamous gets hella wicked rough when I spill guts
Ridiculous idiot, street sweeper hit you up

[Hook: Lil Wayne sample] 8x
Let's ride nigga, we gettin' high, red eyes

[Verse 3: Crunchy Black]
Here is the blast, why did you look into that mask?
Ball in the 'burban as we finish up our task
The dirty work, but dirty work there is no ask-in questions
Teaches lessons by the bullets I be stressin'
My mind is out there kinda high in the sky
I finna go and kill my alibi, alibi
No reason why he must die, he might just tell a lie
Never been 'bout this Prophet bitch
... shit

[Verse 4: DJ Paul]
As soon as I'm steppin' up on that (?) them niggas (?) now
Niggas (?) now
Listen (?) I'm tryin' to tell you how them niggas sellin' out
We three deep in that (?)
(?) my food now I got grease stains on my food
Ain't no thang, we at the spot, we sweep it out of my ride
The whole scenery remindin' me of good times
Mane I gotta cock 'em up, I gotta hit the dust
I gotta touch 'em up, I bust 'em up
Them niggas are wearin' they Glock up

[Hook: Lil Wayne sample] 8x
Let's ride nigga, we gettin' high, red eyes

[Verse 5: Project Pat]
Heidi ho silver! Like a lone ranger
Hollow in the chamber, put yourself in danger
Project ain't a stranger to drama ...
Hit yo ass blowed off in front of kids and wife
Nigga what's beef? You can see me in the street!
I'mma show you what's real, you can see me in your grill
As you lookin' in my eyes I been lookin' through the mask
Stick the gun in your mouth as the motherfucker blast
Cash nigga straight to hell, I can be the devil too
High off hennessy and weed, I'mma act a damn fool
When I run up on you that is where yo body lay
Cockin' back the tool that I spray and spray and spray
I don't give a fuck, turn yo spot in a blood bath
Dirty South hoe on a motherfuckin' war path
Leavin' toe tags and we blast with the AK
Rollin' off fast on the scene D.O.A-A

[Bridge: Project Pat sample] 8x
High off Hennessy and weed, I'mma act a damn fool

[Hook: Lil Wayne sample] 8x
Let's ride nigga, we gettin' high, red eyes