[Intro: Juicy J]
Yeah what's up niggas
I want every nigga out there in the crowd, in they cars
If you got .357, a 45, a motherfuckin' Glock
I want you to put that shit in the air
You know I'm sayin'
Put that motherfuckin' Glock in the air nigga

[Hook: DJ Paul & Juicy J]
Put your guns in the air, raise your guns up
It's on tonight, somebody gon' die tonight

[Verse 1: Juicy J]
Nigga I got a .357 on my fuckin' hip
For you fuckin' cowards and you haters that be talkin' shit
When you see me hangin' on the North Side, ridin' strip
Step to a playa who pull they tones, also bust them lips
Evergreen, Watkins and Brown, all my niggas cliqued up
Smokey City, (?) and Henry cock them guns then start to buck
North Memphis playas on a hustle 'bout they fuckin' cheese
Throw the guns high in the air when you on that green, fool

[Verse 2: DJ Paul]
I see we turn these niggas into killas as soon as we step on da stage
Before I grab the fuckin mic I got these hoes in rage
I turn the soft into hard, no need for some bodyguards
I got this shit in control, even when a riot start
We 'bout to turn up them lights, we 'bout to hit you with mics
You put your goods in a bag and we gon' spare you your life
You fuckin' with the wrong click, that .44 just might click
The Tear Da Club Up Thugs in here, ya heard me bitch?

[Hook: DJ Paul & Juicy J]
Put your guns in the air, raise your guns up
It's on tonight, somebody gon' die tonight

[Verse 3: Lord Infamous]
I want carnage boy, beat you with this sword til I'm bored
Have yo mammy over there yellin' "Uh, fuck him up Lord!"
Motherfucker I'm demented, I ain't kiddin', bitch I meant it
Have you ever met a nigga that was even evil sentenced?
(?), fill 'em up with the atomics
When he spittin' up a stomach, put the slug back in his stomach
Get taped on yo mouth, pistol slapped, capped
I'll fill your death certificate out, no doubt
Cause no bullshit is tolerant, knock out yo (?)
Black market intoxicants, I'm larger than metropolitans
Engaged in this (?) Tear Da Club Up Thugs the Real McCoy
Have yo shirt stickin' to yo chest like fuckin' toffee boy
Scarecrow is the lunatic out the village in South Memphis
Droppin' pieces of your species off the beach (?)
Ammunition is diminished, you get faded, reduced to dust
Raise up off that barracade 'fore we bazook' ya, nuke ya up

[Hook: DJ Paul & Juicy J]
Put your guns in the air, raise your guns up
It's on tonight, somebody gon' die tonight

[Verse 4: T-Rock]
I feel so focused on my fathers fossils, check my historics
Cause I was abandoned at an unknown age and reangarred his courses
No father figurey (?) up to unifying curiosity
With the anger (?) turned to a life of thuggin' logic
They carry (?) all my entourage we pushers bringin' havoc
(?) assassins of the conceptions, broke ass (?) livin' lavish
"Thou shalt not kill" is wrote in the passage, (?) have mercy
(?) slain and (?) we gain of our way of sin cause we unworthy
(?) the Henn, I slowly get me headrushed in my mind directly
(?) intelligence (?) irrelevance, smackin' hoes correctly
(?) resistance
In my hand, got a clinched face (?) existance
(?) interferences increase
In the moment of the aftermath of the bloodbath your squad has been deceased
(?) my stance
We (?) with lyrical killers from the earth, been to hell you been tranced

[Hook: DJ Paul & Juicy J]
Put your guns in the air, raise your guns up
It's on tonight, somebody gon' die tonight