[Chorus: Kingpin Skinny Pimp sample]
Robbers, they hang in the hood
Where they ride clean
Stang-stangin' like a bumblebee
With my .45 G-L-O-C-K

[Verse 1]
Memphis the Koopsta's soul
Sendin' monsters straight to the med
As robbers we break 'em down
Like the return of the living dead
(?) you phonky hoes
Time to creep like a criminal
... so (?)
When I blast through da fuckin' door
While back in the day when my life was a challenge
It got bad from watching that murderous shit
When I was a convict I wreck in they faces
And dumpin' them tr-izz-icks like down in a ditch
Koopsta da Knicca, da visual killer
Go creep me some, make 'em hit their knees
Dead bodies in them fuckin' trees
When I load my gun bitch
So when I get my Glock and load it up
It's 'bout them mega bucks
It makes me 'bout to pop a slug
Make your movies tendentious
Really, really, really
Do you think that you can rob?
Can you buck these busta bitches down
Leave 'em dead between cars?
A babbage nigga tried to set me up for stale bill
Now where he at? Still burning in da cornfield
I had to pop him, had to buck him in his fuckin' head
(Now you don't have to do me)
Nah nigga I ain't interested

[Chorus: Kingpin Skinny Pimp sample]
Robbers, they hang in the hood
Where they ride clean
Stang-stangin' like a bumblebee
With my .45 G-L-O-C-K

[Verse 2]
I got a plan to kill a man and get my ass in
To make him (?) and get to countin' up my dividends
My time is short, I can't go broke, so loc I buck 'em down
Unload them milli rounds
And make 'em feel them thunder sounds
Who called the feds
When I bumped them busta bitches heads?
Who called me satan
When I sprayed 'em with them bullet leads?
Whoever, whoever, I practice Helter Skelter
Have you been creepin' or been reaching evil letters?
I'll ratta-tatta, it don't matter here in danger
You changed the seal and revealed an evil stranger
Come in, come in, come ride with me until the end
Yo life's a judge, my life's a motherfuckin' deadly friend
And man don't drop my wicked spell (?) slum
The armageddon got me hectic, makin' bodies numb
The Koopsta Knicca's makin' motherfuckin' children holler
To take your soul bitch the Koopsta Knicc's a seven robber

[Chorus: Kingpin Skinny Pimp sample]
Robbers, they hang in the hood
Where they ride clean
Stang-stangin' like a bumblebee
With my .45 G-L-O-C-K