[Hook: Juicy J] 2x
So nigga just step up if you know you got the nuts
For my nine millimeter so you can be bucked
Mane we gettin' tired of these niggas talkin' shit
So now you gonna witness the Mafia Three 6

[Verse 1: Scan Man]
Criminal minded nigga mane, these demons dwelling in my soul
Crazy is this pimpin' but you niggas just didn't hear me though
Devil Shyt is what I do, mane I just don't give a fuck
Trick (?) sh-izz-it mane them hoes can catch a fuckin' slug
Clickin' is the Scan Man I'm clickin' like a motherfucking murder man
Droppin' bitches in my stash when you hear that Triple 6 nine blast
Easily this pimp increase cause I have no L-O-V
For a motherfuckin' nigga claimin' Haven way
(Scan let's get that bitch)
Nigga (?) these demons gonna make me fucking click
(?) robbing you niggas for riches to get my fuckin' ass in
If you don't want to be part of my ritual, trick don't make me fucking mad
Cause I will come with that redruM and sacrifice yo monkey ass
Pimp shit, killa, the Scan Man breaking you niggas
Off something mane proper, when I creep up there's no stoppin'
These niggas better watch out for the ritual killas 'fore we get ya
We leave ya to die as we chant them satan lullaby

[Verse 2: K-Rock]
Juicy stay tight, Paul got the grill
Headed for Beale Street with trunks of that steel
Triple 6 Mafia, Gin and Juice coughin' straight from the (?)
(?) we smokin' the fucking (?)
K-Rock my name, I like my new gang
We don't just rap but we shoot up them thangs
Fall up into the damn ... smoke a blunt ... fuckin' (?)
... with Triple 6 ... don't fuck with the G Juicy J
Crank up the cl-izz-ick mane (?) bullets (?) hollow I spray
DJ Paul, Break the Law, Triple 6, Mystic Style
Fuck this shit, Killa ...
Koopsta the killed him and robbed him and beat him
And dumped all his body parts into my trunk
25 years of my life time in the state pen
Damn when I stay in that punk

[Verse 3: MC Mack]
Motorola cellular phone, herringbone with the D around my neck
Once again niggas it's the Mack off in a polo set
Bustas flaugin' and fakin' and traitin'
These niggas must really don't know the time
Trick get out my fuckin' face and hoe go catch up with yo kind
Sprayin', layin' lemons to the canvas once again it's MC Mack
I got the .380, I ain't traitin' or fakin', chrome yawk to yo back
Pull out my yawk on a busta ass nigga who's runnin' his liquor
How you figure Mack gon' let you slip and slide
See West Haven niggas never pimpin'
Chiefin' blunts all night my niggas stay high from them (?)
Back slappin' bitches with a pistol
Never ever will I keep a lemon lame on my side
I keep a tone in hand so I'm the man
Mackin' slappin' shakin' breakin' bitches for they fuckin' riches
Hopped off in my green Elantra th-izz-ang with them gold (?)
Busta nigga run yo mouth and see just where yo body hang
Poppin' the gauge like you do (?)
My niggas be knowin' that yo punk-ass ain't down
But now you's a victim of the tone
So turn yo lemon lame ass around
Try me once my nigga and you die
Lil' Dre with the HK, Mac-10 on my hip
I cocked it back for the Rudy Poot trick that's runnin' lip

[Hook: Juicy J] 2x
So nigga just step up if you know you got the nuts
For my nine millimeter so you can be bucked
Mane we gettin' tired of these niggas talkin' shit
So now you gonna witness the Mafia Three 6