[Hook/Samples]
Pushin' blocks on the block, I'm never broke mane
(I can feel it!)
I started small time - dope game, cocaine

[Verse 1]
Another night, I gotta stay up and watch my (?)
I worry 'bout no murder and I don't repent my sins
I gotta stay so very crazy, men wanna do me in
The devil test me things, I think I should not know him then
I try to resist temptation, tellin' me to do a nigga in
Oh why, oh why me Lord? Oh why, oh why I kill these men?
I really try to control conditions rollin' in my head
I really, really, really want a nigga, nigga dead
I stay up all night and all day weighing up all my drugs
I'm rockin' the (?) pure caine to sell to these slangin' thugs
I'm prayin' it's not a snitch that's caught up up in my click
I feel like (?) lately, I feel like this is it
I start feelin' hostile, I get a raise in my temple
I load up my fuckin' cymbal and kill off my own dealers
I should not react like this, I need some relaxation
Maybe lay low a while and get me some medication
I'm under surveillance, I've seen a white van down the street
My inside connections tell me the Narcs got an eye on me

[Hook/Samples]
Pushin' blocks on the block, I'm never broke mane
(I can feel it!)
I started small time - dope game, cocaine

[Verse 2]
Cruel, demented punishment
Agonize they torment to torture, torture
... souls die, ya cry (?) because of brain damage
And managed to escape the criminal institution
Lord Infamous the Scarecrow, the devils contribution
(?) search for ways and all my crime pays
And all days will be all dyin' days
You find a flame and light the little, white substance
Poisonous gas adds to your mind corruption
But all that's fine, you're like my own zombie
Always wanna be high, never sleep, always hungry
You do whatever I say just to get a little hit
I have you damn fools stealin' all type of crazy shit
But these damn rocks wanna fuck it up, tricks
Gotta find a way to keep the one-time off my dick
I know what to do, stay tuned to the part two

[Hook/Samples]
(I can feel it!)
I started small time - dope game, cocaine