[Hook: Kingpin Skinny Pimp samples] 4x
So high (the time is) so high, so high, so high
So high, H-A-Y, slice the blunt, light green shit

[Verse 1: Lil Gin]
Busta ass niggas talk shit; can't back it up
Wound up gettin' served by Little Gin, don't give a fuck
Hiding in the bushes on yo ass 'till you come out
Cock my Smith n Wesson back, to yo mothafuckin' mouth
Bitch I don't give a fuck, see the police can't catch me
Niggas on banana peels always gettin' that bullet drill
Dead in they motherfucking face, where it hurt the most
Leavin' niggas shirts soaked, cause I'm full of that fire Indo
Drive-by on a ten speed, yo mamma looking out the window
Threw up a finger sign and told that bitch to kiss my nuts
Rat..rat tat tat..rat..tat tat..
We leavin', niggas on they mothafuckin' b-izzn-ack
Claimin' you a killa, I can tell trick you on some shit
I'm leavin' mountains on yo head
When you think you can start to test
Playa, Lil Gin, I never get no fuckin' rest
Stop slippin' with that anna on yo chest!

[Hook: Kingpin Skinny Pimp samples] 2x
So high (the time is) so high, so high, so high
So high, H-A-Y, slice the blunt, light green shit

[Verse 2: Carmike]
Why oh why must I smoke?
Lungs filling up to the capacity *FFF* choke!
Ooh I got the flavor for a mothafuckin' blunt junt
Mistah Carmike comin' at yo azz, so just pass
The Buddah, straight contact, blow a shotgun to my nose
Me and Skinny, Gin ridin' clean sweatin' them heavy hoe
Aw rise up on the left hand side of Skinny
Holds up a quarter pound, damn them fools got plenty!
Of dope, green dope, my pretty boy smile don't joke
Bet you didn't know this is pimp shit Triple 6 Mafia Gimisum Family bitch
Junts we choke
Indo bud in my fucking brains
From the dealers, time to crank up that Lexus thangg
Skinny niggas on my right hand side
(Ain't no bud mane, gimme that yac)
Smoked out windows - bitches can't see who's inside
You know we fucking blowww
Blind from them smoked out windowss

[Hook: Kingpin Skinny Pimp samples] 2x
So high (the time is) so high, so high, so high
So high, H-A-Y, slice the blunt, light green shit

[Verse 3: DJ Paul]
Triple 6, Gimi Sum, Triple Six, yes, I bless you
With a bullet point bl-izz-ank in yo fuckin' chest
A bullet proof vest save it for yo friend to put over his head
Cause Mr. P-izzn-aul shootin' straight for some dreads
I bled to be in the Triple 6 this shit is so fuckin' thick
That I would die for it
Some like the killer Lucifer standin' behind yo back
With swords of war
The Gimi Sum Family, the Triple 6 too, you see
You be the enemy, you be's no fuckin' friend of me

[Verse 4: Koopsta Knicca]
I be like chiefin' high, fuck a dime
Quarter ounce on my waist line
I'm rollin' up blunts so fat, trick
Cheech he can't fuck with this
Take you a hit of that light green and shit
As we blowin' the dope while inhalin' the smoke
The Triple 6, Gimi Sum Family Click
We thick trick, can ya cope?
No man I can't go so no don't flex against my death Tec
With a boulvine motherfuckin' crazy check[?]
It's the Koopsta Knicca clickin' with the bloody deck
So I spliffs it, I'm got it by the vapors that you chief it
"Junts We Smoke Part II" who don't let this be a death wish

[Verse 5: Kingpin Skinny Pimp]
Fresh up out the paint shop
Rollin' in my drop top
Smoke scatterrred out
Blow to the dope, I choke
Let ya brain soak, off this greasy puff
This shit so fire my niggg! From the drive-by Indica

[Lil Buck]
Lil Buck up in this bitch
Swisher Sweets we chop and split!

[Kingpin Skinny Pimp]
The Buddah got me so damn blinked, drink the Yac
Strike the match, fire the sack
Brains gone, flames blown straight to my dome
*Hachoo!* but no the fruit light green
We pay no sweets
(Gimme gun my nig, knock me off my feet!)
You do hear me though, I gave
My mamma a gun through her
Nose, then it rushed her
Skull, then it bust her
Eardrum!, Uh! I'm higher than a motherfucker!
And I hate Bone- Thuggish Ruggish Bustaz!
The thicker, the rougher the ruthlessness
Hustler as I trip on this
Sk-izzn-unk now I'm cr-izzn-unk
With a bitch up in my tr-izzn-unk
So boy, you keep on talkin' that shit
I'mma cl-izz-ick kinda qu-izz-ick
Dump one bitch and met some hoe
Mane fire that dope up, shiiitt...

[Outro]
So high
The time is..
So high
The time is..
The time is..
So high
The time is..
The time is..
So high
So high
The time is..