[Intro: DJ Paul]
Yeah, yeah
Alchemist, Juvenile, Three 6 Mafia
Representing the Dirty South
Alchemist, NY, LA, how it’s going down, yeah
Hey-hey-hey-hey-hey- hey-hey (Repeat 4X)

[Verse 1: Juicy J]
Who it be? Juicy, in the club, know me
I’m the one, you need to pull a shotgun
When I’m at the bar, mayne; when I’m at the bar, mayne
I’m buzzed, I’m chillin’
Got cars, big wheelin’
Love strip clubs, pour about a hundred bucks
Girls even come back, girls even come back
Straight hood, no good
That’s the way, I do it
I don’t play, 20 shots per day
Even at your mama house, even at your mama house
Ain’t a shame, to make it rain
But I’d rather buy, cocaine
Just make sure the hood stay on lock
And I keep my block, and I keep my block
Keep a trick high, kick it, flip it
Chop it, get it, watch your boy sniff it
Stay in the game with it, spittin’
All the way to the finish, can you players dig it?
Don’t even try to match it, crack it
Snap it, jack it, tell your girlfriend to cap it
Million heads wanna hack it, grab it
Snatch it, bag it, but all could do is wrap it

[Hook 7X]
“That’ll work” “Good…good…good”

(Juvenile: It’s Juve the muthafuckin’ great, Alchemist
These niggas gon’ learn about me)

[Verse 2: Juvenile]
Like a dog, I’m here like I need to be
Hold it down like a G so easily
The East bangin’, West bangin’, let the people see
The bling bling and chrome things going street to street
I get it in, get it out every week to week
If it’s beef, I’mma shooter, I don’t increase the peace
The big boy with the big dope easily
125 karats on the Jesus piece
Thinking fettucine if I need to eat
Smoking nothing but Cali kush, no seeds for me
What the game mean to you, it don’t mean to me
I got a bounce like a 6-4 in the street
Representing Third Ward like I told you, family
Rap niggas better chill ‘cause the flow bananas
Everything  sound realer when a soldier sayin’ it
Have you any idea how a soldier plan it?
You doing big shit to make a soldier panic?
Gotta have a business while a soldier standin’
From the hood, got it good, now I’m so demandin’
Sit inside thinkin’ how if I overplan it
Everybody wanna ball, that’s understandin’
Get a beef and try to pop, a nigga’s guns are jammin’
But you can’t be a stick and try to underhand me
Gotta a couple of coupes, I got it covered in candy

[Hook 7X]
“That’ll work” “Good…good…good”

(DJ Paul: Three 6 Mafia)

[Verse 3: DJ Paul]
Sixes on the Dodge Challenger, that’ll work
3.5 grams on a plate, that’ll twerk
And I know who got the work
‘Hit that shit!’, you holla
I put that there on everything
Trust me like a revolver
I got that $40 in my pocket with a room card
I’ll knock before I pass my time
I party like it’s Woodstock
Styrofoam stays stocked and topped to the rim, rim
Yellow drank, drank, got me higher than Eminem
Snow I see got my insides busier
Overtipping  your soul, I’m watching you get busier
And I keep that Glock, Glock in the bushes cocked, cocked
Kick your door, bah, bah
Bitches, where the ridah?

[Hook 7X]
“That’ll work” “Good…good…good”

[Outro]
And rapping is a way for me to express my point of view…
The audience rough because I was running it for myself…
I’ve been working on tracks for behind me…
And I’ve also been working on smoothing out my rapping…
Smoothing out my rap-, smooth-, smoothing out my rapping…
I’m not trying to be anybody that I’m not…
I’m just a middle-class guy trying to express myself…
Smoothing out my rap-, smooth-, smoothing out my rapping…
So, pretty much, if you can understand what I’m trying to market
I think once you hear my audio demo, you’ll just be blazed…
I’m knocking on every door that I can to get my big break
So, hopefully you can help me get my big record contract…