[Intro: Method Man]
Yeah, play time's over motherfuckers
Spice 1's defiantly in motherfuckin' effect
You know what I'm saying? Bringing it to all you bitch ass niggas
So raise up and recognize, and understand that this brother is hard to kill

[Verse 1: Spice 1]
I'm running this niggas off their block
Taking their shit kicking it to the bitches
People can't lift off your spot
I'm leaving your shit all up in stitches
Nigga, bullets fly through the door
I'll shoot you and that ho
Got a cap for each nigga fucking with my cash flow
Pid cap, be love cap pid
Because in the neighborhood cause still kill at will
Gotta keep on my pistol on tight
Slanging sugar delite
That china white got these niggas killing each other tonight
Sometimes a turf is like a war zone
Or even Vietnam, not at the movies but you still see the died come
And a nigga catch a slug, caps' be pulled for fun foo
You got to watch your shit before we pull a ak on your own blood
Se niggas will stick you for your cash
That's when they enter the t-shirt contest to super soak their ass
So Method Man show these niggas the deal
Let these motherfuckers know that your hard to kill

[Verse 2: Method Man]
Who dat nigga? You with me with the super fly Methtical nigga
Who want to die? For real nigga
Wow, even try to test sides
Challenger your the bird with my .45 caliber
Can it be that this is the S.P.I.C.E. 1 and the Method motherfucka
With the guns blazing? You trail, my god, its amazing
Where your punk at?
Nightmares like Wes Craven
The bigger the critter, the harder to pull the trigga
I'll send your ass back to the dark side nigga
You're a snake, I've seen you sliver, so I deliver with death
We'll throw your punk ass in the river
On the battle ship I'm the captain
Beat that ass bloody as a sanitary napkin

[Hook]
S.P.I.C.E. come to be hard to killah, hard to killah, hard to killah
S.P.I.C.E. come to be hard to killah, hard to killah, hard to killah
S.P.I.C.E. come to be hard to killah, hard to killah, hard to killah

[Verse 3: Spice 1]
Blah! These motherfuckers nutz if you want to murder me
Harder to kill than your average motherfuckin' G
Rollz with the uzi and that shit that will make your body drop
Close up your shop, tic toc and it don't stop
Nigga, down for my strap niggas on their back
No rat-tat-tat silencer on the mac
Died come again, coming straight out of my jaws
Got these niggas screaming pause
Pistol whip and breaking out their jaw
Yeah, so you don't want to fuck with me
Many niggas out there willing to go nuts with me
And light up your block and leave them smokin like some fucked up bammer
Can't be caught by no Po-Po's, can't be put in no slammer
I don't be fucking with no snitches
Ain't no body going to tell, leave your dick in the dirt
And yo momma as well
New York to Cali niggas are hard to kill
Shit is too real, your a ignorant mutha fucka
If your not riding with your steal

[Hook]
S.P.I.C.E. come to be hard to killah, hard to killah, hard to killah
S.P.I.C.E. come to be hard to killah, hard to killah, hard to killah
S.P.I.C.E. coming from the bay area, bay area, puffing carea
S.P.I.C.E. coming from the bay area, bay area, puffing carea
1-8-7 1-8-7 1-8-7 1-8-7 1-8-7 1-8-7 1-8-7 1-8-7 1-8-7 1-8-7 1-8-7
1-8-7 1-8-7 1-8-7 1-8-7 1-8-7 1-8-7

[Outro]
Capping your ass for the 94, what you know? Grab your Glock
Blah! Me burst out first 'Mon
187 thousand G