(Intro):
Yeah, what's up fool
9-4, Spice 1
Kickin' that G shit
Tell me what that mail like nigga
Wanna make money
[?] smoked

(Verse 1):
Push it in push it out
And I be the nigga with the muthafuckin' Glock
Yeah, shoulda knew it was a baller muthafuckin' G
Hoppin' out a goddamn '94 Cherokee
Dumpin' shit like a muthafuckin' Pooper Scooper
Nigga off his feet with the millimeter Ruger
So tell me what that mail like
I keep possession of the yayo for sale hid in my tail light
Throw away gats bubble gum pimps
And 2 dollar bitches on my nut sack
And it was all a part of being young
My little nuts hung
Fascinated by the Tommy gun
Niggas throwin' up sets this is murder tonight
But fuck that shit nigga
Tell me what that mail like

[Talking]
You know what I'm sayin'?
Nigga talkin' 'bout get payed in this motherfucker and that's real
Feel me?
Andrew Jackson, my bitch Nina
You know what I'm sayin'?
[?] motherfuckin' friends
I ain't 'bout to come up short on here, yeah
Y'all gon' fell me
Begin

(Verse 2):
Po-Po's wanna quiet me
Cause I was tearin' up shit like the muthafuckin' liar G
Wax and Tat's from my nigga Andrew Jackson
Movin' keys in large fractions
And this is the American dream
To a young muthafucka age 13 to 19
He used to be my best friend
But the system got us bustin' at each other over Franklin
And that little white bitch got the whole world smoked up
And then it be causin' them niggas to loc up
Smokin' muthafuckas cause they asked me :
Ay, nigga, do your momma smoke D
That's the shit I gotta deal with
Real last niggas can you feel it
Tell me what that mail like

[Talking]
Yeah, you know you feel me on that shit
You know what I'm sayin'?
I remember them motherfuckers being on the dope spot
Sellin' dome to a motherfucking mamma
And the son jumps off
You know what I'm sayin'?
Nigga mad 'cause they sold drug to his mamma and shit
Feel me?
I've been through all that shit partner
[?] all began

(Verse 3):
Gotta live up to my rap as a G
Still countin' mail age 23
See me and Franklin they can't stop us
And now I got no friends I done smoked all my patnas
I never thought that the money will definitely kill ya'll
4 lil' young muthafuckas robbin' liquor stores
It's all good patna get your cash
Till one of them got panicky and started to blast
I took 2 to the chest and 1 to the gut
Lyin' on the ground confused as fuck
I guess it had to take the bullet
To prove that the way I grew up was bullshit
Lucky for me I had my vest on
Cause I wouldn't look too pretty with my chest gone
Fool, and I'm back out slangin' them D
Got a nut in my pocket way unleased a G
See I'm a soldier in the shit you can tell right, nigga
So tell me what that mail like

[Talking]
See, I remember motherfuckers used to hang out in elementary school
You know, clown and money bars and shit
You know, play hoop and all that old shit
But now, you know what I'm sayin', motherfuckers back in '94, niggas sellin' dope
You know what I'm sayin', motherfuckers used to play football now they sellin' dope
Shootin' at each other, best friends killin' each other and shit
You know what I'm sayin'?
Nigga don't like to see that, that's how the shit gotta be in '94
You know what I'm sayin'?
Everybody down for they mail, motherfuckers come short over money
You know what I'm sayin', all for the love of the mail
So watch your back in '94, nigga if you're paid
'Cause there some playa haters out there that don't like you
187 thousand G