[Intro: Too $hort]
Always evil trippin'-ass motherfuckers
Steppin' on a cool-ass and fade him just tryin' to do his thing
Startin' all that shit
Get ya cap peeled

[Verse 1: J-Dubb]
You know a nigga's strapped
From summer time to the winter
Leds, winters, 'bout to enter
Those who oppose from this Rap 4-0's the caliber
Don't matter, your whole chest cavity's about to shatter
Listen, and pay attention
Can't you hear this 9mm clickin'? You must be trippin'
Scandalous-ass niggas and these playa hatin' bitches all mad at the Dubbsta for tryin' to get riches
But then some wanna get some, but can't get none
I'm strictly the best, put me to the test
And you don't gotta step to this here, I'm makin' it clear
I'm keepin' motherfuckin' mark niggas in fear
Oh, I got raps for ya, stacks for ya
Tracks for ya
You better get back 'fore I
Kick this type of rhyme you can't deal with
Some mo' real shit, nigga
Keep my hand on the triggaa...

[Hook: J-Dubb]
This is for the niggas who start that shit
Who don't understand what they dealin' with
This is for the bustas wit they mark-ass, scared to blast...
(ha ha ha)
This is for the niggas who start that shit
Who don't understand what they dealin' with
And the mark-ass, scared to blast...
(ha ha ha)

[Verse 2: J-Dubb]
Now keep your hands up as I bring the funk
I ain't no motherfuckin' punk, you better miss me, chump
I stay low key, so sucka don't approach me
Wit ya anger, one in the chamber
Danger, is where you're headed fo'
I guess you don't know under my coat is the loaded 44
Tricks are for kids but I ain't tricky
Just clickin', keep trippin', I ain't bullshittin'
Demostrate some respect and I'll let ya get a range and check some of this here, gangsta shit
So why do you want this black [?] to hit you in your chest
When you could survive another day like the rest of those
Who knew it wouldn't be cool to do the things they do
To the average motherfucker on the street
Fool, I gotta have it, the automatic, like a rabbit
I hope they don't start no static...

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Spice 1]
Rollin' up in an old school wit a shiny chrome
Tec out the window
Is the S-P-I-C-E wit a 50 [?] Endo
See, I'm ready to do some dirt
Niggas be puttin' in work
I let my 4-5 slug get to fuckin' up a nigga shirt
E-A-S-T B-A-Y Gangster-ass nigga
Hard To Kill but I'm Born II motherfuckin' Die
See, I; eat up a nigga like a hungry piranha
Creepin' up on niggas while they kickin' it wit they bitch in the sunna
Yeah, you can't parlay when the funk is in your front yard
'Cause a nigga like me'll creep up, and pull ya hoe card
$hort dog got some bitches that'll leave yo ass Dusted And Disgusted
4 hookers with some Mac-12's
So gangsta cocktails, droppin' empty shells, leavin' yo ass served in hell for your stack-a-mail

[Verse 4: Too $hort]
Well, [?] Yukmouth and Numskull; Spice, I can tell
Everytime I see them Luniz, we cool as hell
I ain't about to take no shit from a youngsta
So what makes you think $hort dog'll be a punk
For some brand-new niggas, just like you
I know you got your gat, well, I do to
But what's it all about, is it [?] ?
Get In Where You Fit In, look around, you may be standin' in some shit
You got that rappin' down but don't Diss the godfather from the Oakland town
'Cause I paved the way for you, marks
So chased at every turn, so chased at every park
When I was on foot, deep in East Oakland
Went from sherm to grammys, and still be smokin'
Endo, from Oakland, California
But $hort dog, baby, got 5 G's on it
Now tell me what is all about
You get whipped like criscky with my name on yo' mouth
I know you feelin' good, about your Rap
But TV and CH really ain't got yo back
And Dru Down, I know you got whipped at the club
Talkin' that shit and can't back it up
I let you use my studio to get your album free
Then you turn around and wanna front on me
Well, this is for you nigga, you startin' shit
You don't understand who you fuckin' wit
And this is for you bustas, you punk-ass bitches
Spend 15 years and you'll never do what I did

[Outro: Too $hort]
Nigga
That's right
East Oakland, Old School playa
$hort dog
I've been in the motherfuckin' house, nigga
Where was you, you new-ass niggas?
It's like a, I've got 5 G's on this Lexus, whatchu got?
Biatch!
And don't stop to the beat...
Baby...