[Hook]
Riding with my thug
Everything love, everything love, everything love
Married to the plug
Everything love, everything love, everything love
Money just because
Everything love, everything love, everything love
Gotta thank the man above, cause
Everything love, everything love, everything love

[Verse 1]
Bimbo you too simple to get down with this here
Forrest Gump shit, run my town up in here
Be cool, cause we'll tear it down up in here
Ye' ain't tribe nigga you can't come around up in here
I'm a fool, I ain't fucking round up in here
Too precise for defeat nigga, check my technique
On the street, I'm known as that nigga with the verses
My old lady even tribe, she don't wear designer purses
What you thought, a nigga was a motherfucking dummy
Rock destroyed Chucks and I act kind of slummy
Blowing all the cheddar I ain't saving up the money
On the cash like a bumblebee fly to the honey
Get a clue, my nigga you don't even know the half
She was 'posed to be my equal but ain't even know the math
Get the picture, or nigga do you need a bigger graph
Stole the concept, running through these tracks like a contest

[Hook]
Riding with my thug
Everything love, everything love, everything love
Married to the plug
Everything love, everything love, everything love
Money just because
Everything love, everything love, everything love
Gotta thank the man above, cause
Everything love, everything love, everything love

[Nino Brow and Gee Money]
What happened, huh? Don't nobody know nothing?
C'mon now everybody speak at once
You mean to tell me out of all ya'll motherfuckers in here don't nobody know jack shit? Don't nobody know nothing?
What up with this? Somebody gotta know something going on
See what I'm saying?
You fucked up big time. You're incapable of running this shit. If you was taken care of business...
If I was what? If I was what? Say it again, what you say?
That's what I thought you said, cause that's what I got right now- nothing!

[Verse 2]
Niggas be all in your face but they want your spot
I'm eating lobster, meditating on the yacht
Ain't the type to rap about some shit that I ain't got
Niggas always gassing rappers, acting like they hot
But let the truth be told, you really not
What you think you is but that ain't my biz
Niggas get offended then they get in they feelings
If you ain't my tribe we can't have no dealings
Building and destroying, tell me what you building
Niggas is bitches, they killing over women
Let me stop the track, so i can wipe my tears
Tears that I shed for the ones no longer here
Like Corey, Avery, Donkey, Rel, and Wheel
Now I understand why Lil Shaq be popping pills
Industry is fake but my life so real
All my niggas getting killed that's why I'm riding with my steel