[Verse 1:]
I wish that I could turn back the hands of time
Tomorrow only knows what the future holds
Thanksgiving with the fam in my grannies crib
I'm on the floor while my pop watch the Superbowl
And my auntie same
And my uncle's dad start crackin' jokes on my cousin for them tight ass pants
That was 1996 I'm in '95
Thinkin' bout them old days 'cuz I miss that shit
Now my fam fell apart now there's no more dinners
Used to be thick as thieves, now we thin as models
Trading rubbers in for guns
And then use 'em for bottles
'Cuz I got my own kids and I'm back in tradition
I ain't into holidays so it ain't no Christmas
Things ain't the same I done lost my spirit
Birthdays come around and I can't even feel it
Was it a dream or was it a lie?
Say a prayer bow my head and wait for God's reply...

[Bridge]
Oh, my, god... I see you clearly now...
In my dreams you're here with me somehow...

[Verse 2:]
And I wish I had wings swear to God I'd fly
Better talk to my aunt 'cuz shes always high
But who am I to judge 'cuz I used to smoke?
But she fightin breast cancer man it ain't no joke
And they killed Lil Reya, and he got them babies
Now their mommas all alone, who gone help them raise 'em?
Reminiscing 'bout them days when I played my Sega
Sonic The Hedgehog with the multiple players
And I had the fresh fade with the part in the middle
Rockin' LA Gears, couldn't afford them J's
Stealin' from Sou Lee who had the candy truck
But Sou left feet man they stank like fuck
Playin tag in the street outside the woods
Fist fightin' over bikes that we stole from the hood
Turn back the hands of time man I wish I could
Was it a dream or was it a lie?
Say a prayer bow my head and wait on God's reply...

[Bridge]
Call, my, name... and I will make a sound..
I'm, in, love... with someone out of town...
Who is this shi-

[Verse 3:]
They said I wouldn't be shit
Guess what? I made it
Daddy said he'd be back
Still feel like I'm waitin'
Momma beat us all the time she ain't got no patience
Just somethin' to think about before you hit your babies
And she prayed for better days and it drove her crazy
But I gotta give it to her tried her best to raise me
Spark it, hit her down. She was only a baby,                              who never had a childhood and I knowin' this crazy
I'ma buy you a resturant when I make my millions
Shed tears writin' this, and I know you can feel me
I ain't never tell momma I was touched by Phelix
And I ain't never gotta say it 'cuz I know I'm the realest
Had a fallin out with Sosa I just want him to listen
But come to think about it, really wasn't that serious
Dedicate this to Zenad, because I love her so dearly
Was it a dream or was it a lie?
Say a prayer bow my head and wait on God's reply...