(This is genius...)

[Intro: Deniro Farrar]
All eyes on me, nigga, shit, I'm feelin' like pot...
They can't even picture me rollin' though, ha...

[Hook: Deniro Farrar]
(Can you)
Picture me rollin'?
Ridin' and I'm smokin'
(In the) S550 and that bitch prolly stole it, nah nah
You know I'm rollin', .45-totin'
All this cash that I'm foldin'
Niggas hate to see me rollin'

[Hook]

[Verse 1: Deniro Farrar]
Can you picture me rollin'?
Ridin' and I'm smokin'
Pistol on my lap, bust a nigga head open
I'm precise with the aim, you don't wanna provoke me
All this kush in my lungs is the reason that I'm chokin'
In this work I be servin', this niggas is so potent
Heard the jackboys lurkin', try to rob me I'm-a murk 'em
With the .40 I'm a surgeon, licking shots and then I'm swervin'
Throwin' work to all my niggas, they catch it like Michael Irvin
And them killers gon' blitz; nigga, I ain't never worried
I'm thuggin' it 'til I'm buried, that extendo hold 30
Told mama that I got her, she ain't gotta worry
Smoke foggin' up my whip, now my vision gettin' blurry
I'm just trying to make it home, cause the police out here lurkin'
Ask me how I bought my whip, bitch you know that I ain't workin'
You can't even search my shit, you ain't even got a warrant
No pussy motherfucker just don't wanna see me swervin', nah nah...

[Hook x2]

[Verse 2: Deniro Farrar]
If you my nigga, I really mean my nigga
Vow to stay the same even if we gettin' bigger
The money comin' in like we got a money printer
And we runnin' through them checks like a motherfuckin' sprinter
I don't fuck with pussy niggas, stay away from pretenders
Cause niggas be in yo business, wearin' wires with antennas
It won't hold up in court, like pants with no suspenders
Money don't grow on trees -- then why the fuck I got these splinters?
And I'm ridin' by my lonely, tryin' to remember --
The days, when my heart wasn't cold like December
Stolen car; stolen rims, it don't even match the vendor
Whippin' dope up with the drill, fans sittin' by the window
And the family fuck you over, guess blood gettin' thinner
In a world full of losers niggas hate when you a winner
So I'm ridin' and I'm smokin', pistol in my lap
Just left my stash house; now I'm ridin' to the trap, nah nah...

[Hook x2]

[Verse 3: Shady Blaze]
Shady Blaze, bruh, and you know that I'm a schizo
I'm ridin' and I'm smokin', you already know how the shit go
If you niggas wanna beef, we can make that shit official
It'll be a two-on-one, you versus me with a pistol
Yes nigga I am loaded, so don't do nothin' stupid
Piss me off, you get the heat; who's the next to make me do it?
Wise up in these streets, I ain't hangin' with nothin' stupid
I ride around with my family, bitch niggas are not included
Deniro, he got the .40, so don't make my nigga use it
Destination is the money, no way we ain't gettin' to it
I'm-a be this way forever and what you hear is exclusive
Ya bitin' my style; fuck around, nigga, and get a tooth chipped
It's real life, king shit, I'm a fuckin' Raider
If they call this shit the rap game then I'm the top player
Niggas start off with they mamas, now they snitchin' to they neighbors
Then they talkin' to the pigs, next up's gon' be them mayors
Ain't nothin' more worse than a motherfuckin' snitch
Kill him and then take his bitch
Tie her up and don't take her list (?)
Dress the ho up in the rain (?)
Then drop her off with the Crips
I'm a shady nigga; it's Greenova, how you picture me now?

[Hook x2]

[Outro: Shady Blaze]
Picture me, picture a nigga rollin'... (x3)
Nigga rollin', Greenova...