[Chorus]
I be with the same old clique, same old bitch
Niggas getting knocked for the same old brick
I be riding strapped with the same four fifth
Niggas out here killing for the same old shit
Same old hood, same dope fiend
Same old feds do the same old sting
I be in the trap with the pounds of the green
Just another lost nigga with the same old dream

[Verse 1: Deniro Farrar]
Buy you a celly, [?]
Who gon' take the charge now everybody fellas
Quarter brick of white nigga come and bust your melon
Flush the work down the toilet in the trap then we bailing
[?] on my ass I done missed another payment
People with the other side shooting where they hanging
Brother locked up, plug got hit
I been doing numbers with him and I pray he don't snitch
Same old drama, same baby mama
In my hood, shit you either sell dope or you robbing
Niggas pushed pats cause they sick and tired of starving
Bound by the bread they would serve they own mama
Same old school, same education
Same justice system fuck the judge cause he's racist
Jail was designed for our kind nigga face it
Got the game from my uncle he a third degree mason
EVT bitches quit the holiday [?], boosting  clothes out the mall she just want to feed the baby
Never had a job so they labelled me as lazy
But I made more today off a pack than what they paying
And it's tax free nigga fuck is y'all saying?
Pistol off safety if it's up then I'm spraying
Same old jay stealing food from the baby just to get another hit man that bullshit crazy

[Chorus]

[Interlude]
And a nigga's still lost you know what I'm saying, living in the dark looking for the light
It's time we get our guns, money, all for getting...

[Bridge]
Brand new day, same old shit
Just another hood nigga trying to get rich
Everybody hurting so nigga jump in [?]
And the plug got bopped, ain't nobody got shit
It's a brand new day, same old shit
Just another hood nigga trying to get rich
Everybody hurting so nigga jump in [?]
And the plug got bopped, ain't nobody got shit

[Verse 2: DuRu Tha King]
[?] told me nigga they gon' feel ya
Cuz you're living proof
Nigga you a rapper, not a killer
Boy, that's what we do
Pull up in them rimless
Fuck that talking bitch, we letting loose
He told me cous', if you don't make it out
Then what the fuck we do?
Nigga that's the word from my big cous'
I ain't having that
Building good relations with my maker
Keep my mind on track
I'm a convicted felon
I ain't showing no weapons
Nigga cause you don't see them
Don't mean they're none in my presence
Nigga stay Twitter-watching and talking
That don't impress me
Bitches nothing but killers and bosses all in my section
When I get it, I'm bringing that power back to my section
A million dollars we standing on towers up in my section
That's only love
That's for my thugs
That's what it is
That's in my blood
I promise I never change up
But my surrounding gotta change up

[Chorus]
It's a brand new day, same old shit
Just another hood nigga trying to get rich
Everybody hurting so nigga jump in [?]
And the plug got bopped, ain't nobody got shit
It's a brand new day, same old shit
Just another hood nigga trying to get rich
Everybody hurting so nigga jump in [?]
And the plug got bopped, ain't nobody got shit