[Intro: J.K. the Reaper]
ULT, nigga!
Ultimately Liberated Together!
We're not fuckin' around out here!
Keepin' the foot on the gas!
Old gas, new brakes!
All y'all niggas that thought you was doin' something, you're wrong!
Don't let your mama lie to you!
This the type of shit you can't kill!
This is every day, 24/7!

[Verse 1: Deniro Farrar]
Rogue kemosabe, choppin', do karate
Bitch, we get it poppin', we don't do no talkin'
We don't do no sleepin', beat him till he sleepy
Worldstar the beating if he say we beefin'
All my niggas hit licks, rockin' masks like they trick or treatin'
Tell 'em peeps that it's U Season (U Season)
Bitch niggas just can't relate or come around my tribe either
Four women in a two-seater, they tacked in on U ether
Say they only want pipe action, they'll fuck on the U vita
Beat that pussy for the fuck of it while you're at home thinkin' you need her
Police pull me over, I can see they lights
I ain't worried bout it cause I know my rights
I ain't finna run, I'mma stay and fight

[Chorus: Deniro Farrar]
Nigga been a soldier all my life
Scarred up, see all my stripes
Rappers sellin' they soul for the money
Manifested this, you can't take it from me
Hundred niggas in the lobby going dummy
(ULT! ULT! ULT! ULT!)
And a nigga been a soldier all my life
Scarred up, see all my stripes
(ULT! ULT! ULT! ULT!)
And I manifested this, you can't take it from me
Hundred niggas in the lobby going dummy

[Verse 2: J.K. the Reaper]
Double vested, take your sights out of adolescence
I'm from Carolina, where the network
I make an hour drive just to send a message like I'm textin' bitches
But them catfishes got me feelin' different
Fuck niggas got me feelin' different
In another dimension, I'm rollin' off vices
I feel like I'm not from this earth, yeah
Suicidal, vital, fuck your idol, I don't know what I did to be birthed
But I'm here in this bitch, I put a spear in this bitch
You niggas are spirited shit, that's why I'm more spirit in this
Family waitin' on me, brothers waitin' on me, niggas hatin' on me
Bitches waitin' on me but they won't fuck on the low, yeah
Cops plottin' on me, Ross signin' on me, niggas gon' fuck up the flow, yeah
Tryna spot like a hot spot, when the Wi-Fi get gone, yeah
New crib like a morgue, dead bodies like a funeral home
I don't know what to know, I don't know what the fuck
All of you niggas beyond, yeah

[Chorus: Deniro Farrar]
(ULT! ULT! ULT! ULT!)
And a nigga been a soldier all my life
Scarred up, see all my stripes
(ULT! ULT! ULT! ULT!)
And I manifested this, you can't take it from me
Hundred niggas in the lobby going dummy