[Produced by Zukhan]

[Intro: Jim Jones]
I wear a mean dark pair of shades
(You know we can't have one of nuthin')
And you can't see my eyes (so we had to double up)
Unless my head is bent, you dig
Dipset (Remix)

[Hook: Jim Jones]
We fly high, no lie, you know this (Ballin')
Foreign rides, outside, it's like showbiz (Ladies)
We stay fly, no lie, and you know this (Remix)
Hips and thighs, oh my, stay focused

[Verse 1: Jim Jones]
(Jones) He/She, blowticious (Birdcall!)
Lamborghini, is audicious (Flossin!)
From Harlem to Hollywood, I'm still hood (yup!)
500 horses stuffed in my Ferrari hood (Speedin!)
Fuck-niggas talk about MC's on da hills
Hip-Hop is dead, so Killa gave me the wheel (Flea!)
Black cards fever get these niggas feelin' ill (Ill!)
It's hot fo' now, niggas givin' out deals (Ballin!)
(It's all about the Benjamin's baby)
I'm flyin' up Lenox in the Bentley, all crazy (Check!)
The roof topless, I'm showin' my ass (Uh-huh!)
I brought New York back, you niggas ain't got a chance (Remix!)

[Hook: Jim Jones]

[Verse 2: T.I.]
I ain't gon' lie, I'm fucked up, Phil died and we all sad
Only thing get us by now, and that's to ball, dad
5 mil on the crib, 50 on the dogtag
Cracks in the deal, that's 20 mil, I done gone mad
Naw I had to gon' grab the Spyda at the red light
Blue fluorescent headlight, ya betta get ya bread right
You ain't a balla, you chase checks, I check right
Even when it's dark outside, I bet my neck bright

[Verse 3: Diddy]
Ayo hold up, pick a restaurant, Chows or Chin Chin
Now pick a car, which one I ain't been in?
Pick a watch, as long as the hand spinnin'
Pick a actress, which one I ain't swim in
(What about the bride?) The yacht's still on deck
Retirement plan, I dropped it on her neck
I'm still spendin' ol' money
Benjamin's Remix, 10 year ago money muthafuckas

[Hook: Jim Jones]

[Verse 4: Juelz Santana]
Now girl I don't mean to be an agitator
But when I get movin' I'm a smooth operator
Ay, money ain't a thing, that's why I spend it
Ya cars like ya home, everthing rented
I'll buy your building, you'll be my tenant
My money comes fast just like a leopard
I'm about my green, no it ain't tennis
Play wit' my green, I'll become ya dentist
I'll swing that tool around
Then begin the root canal, Blaow
(Dipset) Boy you don't wanna start it here
Only time y'all dudes ball is in a barber's chair
Baldheads, I'm taking rock and roll to another level
Iced-out skull heads

[Verse 5: Birdman]
500 on the Bentley, 50 G's on the caddy
100 G's on my ho, cuz we both livin' lavished
Doin' my thang with this uptown swang
Niggas get it how we live like money ain't a thang (Ballin!)
Stuntin' on dem thangs, every time you see my swagger
Every time you see me hang, best believe I got that thang
Pop up at da club, niggas show them hoes love
Cuz they know we make it rain, so they show a gangsta love

[Verse 6: Young Dro]
Look like I'm skatin' on ice like Kristy Yamaguchi
Sittin' up in the Chevy eatin' BlowFish Sushi
550 mint-colored Benz, me and Jim
Wit' the Band Camp Twins and they blowin' our fluties
Hell Rell block, so you know we gettin' kufis
Iceberg drop nigga now I'm ridin' goofy
28 inches in the air, know I'm ballin'
Cuz my whole wrist pink and my neck kinda bluey, Dro

[Hook: Jim Jones]

[Outro: Jim Jones]
You've just been included in the Ballaz Extravaganza
You are now a Ballaholic, just like my team (Dipset)
Shout-outs to Diddy, T.I., Birdman, Dro (Whoa)
It's like showbiz
Ballin'