[Produced by Thelonious Martin and III]

[Intro: Drive-In]
Please remember to replace the speaker on the post when you leave the theatre. Show starts in one minute

[Verse]
Superpotent smoker, Francis Ford Coppola
Godfather Four, Impala on the floor
With my homie Young Hogg, he just flew to the N.O
To check on his homie and roll up something funky
When he landed, I had a passenger
Type chunky, by the ass, slim waist, smoking on that gas
With no time to waste, I'm talking two seconds flat
We on this thin stakes, skating with the roof in the back
Now who dat? I met her, leave it blue-black
She like, why you do that? She like how I do that
Want to know when I'm due back
Can't harness the lightning, or predict when it's striking
Adjust the lighting, your boy in here writing
The man I'm supplying, I'm the man, providing
Enlightenment, what I'm saying
At night I'm in a different car than what you saw me today in
Twenty-two-inch blades in every available upgrade
Come at me and be upstaged
I've heard better raps read off page from my cousin, he in the fourth grade
So I don't know how some of these suckers is getting paid
But that shit don't bump in no trunks around my way, shit junk
Your engineer should've told you that from jump
But he was just tryna get paid, cover the bills for the month
So as long as you pay him for time, drop all the whack rhymes you want

[Interlude: The Godfather 2]
Tom: Mike, that's impossible
Michael: It's not impossible. Nothing's impossible. If anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything, it's that you can kill anyone
Tom: Is it worth it? I mean, you've won, you want to wipe everybody out?
Micheal: I don't feel I have to wipe everybody out, Tom. Just my enemies, that's all

[Interlude: Drive-In]
We're happy to have you with us this evening and want you to enjoy every minute of your stay here. While you relax and stretch, visit our concession where you'll find something to please you. There are ice-cold drinks, delicious sandwiches, ice cream, coffee and snacks, and many other pleasing treats. Our foods are fresh and tasty, our drinks, satisfying and refreshing. They're so good. You get more out of life when you go out to a movie

[Outro: The Godfather 1]
Don Corleone: Your business is a little dangerous
Sollozzo: If you're worried about security, we'll guarantee it
Sonny: You're telling me that the Tattaglias guarantee our investment?
Don Corleone: I have a sentimental weakness for my children and I spoil them, as you can see. They talk when they should listen