[Intro]
Uhhhh
Riiiight

[Verse 1: Smoke DZA]
Flying down the westside, joint in my ear
One 'bout to get lit up, I'm 'bout to make it disappear
In thin air, feeling untouchable;
Tommy Buns, sincere. You think I give a fuck
About a red light? Niggas can't do it, so they dead tight
Hating on a young slick nigga that's gettin' it
Fly shit; I mastered it. Nothing like your average
Cookie patch, rugby bucket, lo-life Parrish smith
A nigga got to eat. Paraphernalia In my boxer briefs
It's monopoly, I need property
I ain't tryna end up like them previous lames
Caught up, no bail money, slumped in the game
Watch niggas lives flush down the drain
The results of not playin' they lane
Old head asked, "DZA, you in it for the money or fame?"
I said, "I'm in it for the legacy" - triple my change, nigga
(right)

[Hook: Smoke DZA]
Minus the bull, life is great
Super high, out of space
Mind blown, got me on freeze
Plus everybody got they own trees
Its a personal party
(uh)
Light up at ya own pace, cause its a personal party
(uh)
I'm taking this one to the face, cause its a personal party
(pause)

[Verse 2: Curren$y]
Uh, too hard for paper
Write these rhymes on a steel plate. His words hold weight
Nigga, spitta! From El Salvador to the L.A
'Jet Life' on the billboard. Never forget that day
Man, everything going just as planned
My driver rollin' up at the airport cause I'm finna land
My girl at my hide-out; cheffin' up, she hear that door slam?
That pussy wettin' up, as I'm steppin' up
She rippin' off her clothes for Spitta to tear it up
Now homie is it clear enough?
I say 'Get money, Fuck bitches' cause I get money: these bitches wanna fuck
Now is it clear enough? Homie is it addin' up?

[Hook: Smoke DZA]
Minus the bull, life is great
Super high, out of space
Mind blown, got me on freeze
Plus everybody got they own trees
Its a personal party
(uh)
Light up at ya own pace, cause its a personal party
(uh)
I'm taking this one to the face, cause its a personal party
(pause)

[Verse 3: Smoke DZA]
Right, levitating on V-Don's beat
Get Well Soon, 'Kush God' speed
Got these niggas sick, taken long z's
Matter fact, this one's on me
For everybody that I lost this year:
You know love is due, this one's for you
Indecisive, I got choices. Voice of the voiceless
I speak for the unheard, y'ain't got to say one word
I got you, be a fake nigga - not to
Nobody keep it real like I do
Everybody's prey in this game of survival, do or die
Niggas don't abide by rules, it's a cold world
Ain't nothing else to do but pray
Little nigga got shot in the mouth broad day yesterday
Life - what it's worth to you?
Questions deep enough for me to light a personal
DZA