[Intro: Action Bronson]
Take me up, I'm ready
Take me up, oh
La Música de Harry Fraud

[Verse 1: Action Bronson]
Amethyst and quartz, different types of burnin' herbs
That's to keep all of these demons out the room, you heard
Fifty racks on heady glass to reach a higher ground
DMT inside the TP, I think I'm Mayan now
Hearin' lions growl while I’m lyin' down
Play connect the dots with constellations while I fly around
This multi-colored dream world, this ain't Sea World
But similar, make it 3D twirl, just seen a Puerto Rican zebra
It's the age of Sagittarius, archers on chariots
Large money hang in the balance
Like the intercontinental belt, the Summer Slam
Razor Ramon vs. Shawn Michaels part 2, bitch

[Interlude]
He's really gettin' on it now
225, 226, 227
We're not gonna be able to catch this thing at this course
Should I go blind? I repeat, should I go blind?
Copy
10-9 to Break-1, we got authority to run code blind
I repeat, we got authority to run code blind
Initiating sequence

[Verse 2: Curren$y]
Huh
Overlookin' the veranda, me and my private dancer
My range like John Starks', she walk through the castle like Sansa
I took major chances to land us in this position
Where the engine mounted in the back of us
The streets chatter of us comin' up
It's like they glad to see the gladiators paper'd up
It was a prophecy fulfilled, now raise your glasses up
They chill properly, imported and stored until an occasion to roll
Celebrate, we get dough, another open door
Another closed, another mil', another deal
And once that ink dry, you worth upwards of twenty mil'
And in the blink of an eye, you're who them bitches feel
This shit is really real, matter of fact this shit is really ill
But I wouldn't choose another lifestyle still
Paddle shift the F1 gears go up here
I got a stupid ass crib up there, I stay hid
Yeah

[Interlude 2]
Sir, there are several large packages, large bundles. These look more suspicious

Yeah, he just turning in South. Now he's goin' into the inlet. Yeah, straight in. Yeah, and he got uh 3.. got a whole bunch of people on the beach waitin' for him, at least 10 people. They are definitely beached. They're unloading fuel barrels. Yeah, they're unloading the barrels

All the barrels have been unloaded