[Produced by Frank Dukes]

[Intro: Sebastian Rios]
You goin' about this all wrong,son
Look at you

[Verse 1: Sebastian Rios]
It's Friday night, and you just got paid
But you done spent every dime on this ho, tryin' to get laid
But that's a weak angle (word)
That's what the streets made you, a halfway trick nigga? (Man)
Make me sick nigga (look)
Ok, you in the spot buying that bitch liquor
That's cool, but her friends too? She's got like six with her
You Mr. Big Figure? Man you's a big sucka
It's Friday and you spent everything like you Chris Tucker (hahaha)
And that's not the move, think these ladies all on you cause you rokin' jewels, and you got a face like a model dude (please)
You beyond a fool (look)
Dawg you spendin' all yo cash
Man they got you all gassed like rocket fuel (haha)
But you know what? I ain't knockin' you (Na)
Whores exist, so you might score and shit, not impossible (good luck)
If that's how you want it, then so be it (word)
But you spendin' gwap, so listen pop, I hope you go beat it (oh)

[Hook: Sebastian Rios]
You got a lot of talk
Know how to put it down
But when you show yo' face?
She don't come around
She ain't checkin' for ya (nah)
Listen to me young blood, she ain't checkin' for ya - haha (haha)
You like the way she walk
Makes it worthwhile
I'm hearin' that's yo lady
But when I come around
She ain't checkin' for ya (nah)
Listen to me young blood, she ain't checkin' for ya - haha (haha)

[Verse 2: Sebastian Rios]
Fresh car wash? (Uh-huh)
You got yo' rims spinin'? (Ya)
You all set to pull over and try to get women (oh boy)
You'll only get those that's whip driven
Please, I be big pimpin' in wrinkled white Tees and ripped linen (look at ya)
I don't need an item for me to pipe 'em
Homie my talk game raw, like the meat that they feed a lion (ugg)
They can talk about how conceited I am
But I ain't marryin' unless she don't want me
Offer me a diamond (please)
See, with you? You gotta spend dough (why?)
Cause you a square, and yo games out dated, you're Nintendo (yeah haha)
And that's a damn shame, you borrow yo' man's range
And go to the club to spend yo re-up on champagne
Can't be serious? Trick you weak!
You was producin' you'd probably show chicks yo beats
Cause you a (what) LAME! (LAME) word
You still spendin' gwap on that same bird

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Sebastian Rios]
What yo watch like four? (Uh-huh)
Yo chain like six? (Why?)
Spendin' to try to score?
Home boy that's priceless (captive)
But everyone can't do it like this
I keep her here with a beer, some of us must by cris'
I got that gift, I do not act stiff
She got her nose in the air I tell her stop that miss
Please (nah), ain't no chick better than joell
But hey, if you true to spend cheddar, oh well (well)
Whet can i say? That's YO' money!
Correction WAS yo' money, now that's that ho's money (not yo's)
I laugh from a distance cause, it's so funny
Look at you hoppin' around tryin' to chase a snow bunny (ha!)
You can't catch her cause, she already caught (yup)
Our eyes din have dinner, she done ate off my fork
I ain't say the word, She like the way my body talk
I'mma take her to the crib and change how mommy walk (hmm)

[Hook]

[Outro: Sebastian Rios]
Yeah
See that's how you do this here
You ol' jive turkey
You ain't doin' it right
You just like the rest of them
You ain't like me
I done seen 'em all, son
Big, small, short, and tall