[Verse 1: AWKWORD]
I watched my mom die, I wanna go too but I won't
My girl kicked me out, left me homeless and alone
Sold my car for cash, spent it on booze and dope
Guy on the couch, barely moved for the phone
Truth is, I was born, emotionally broke
And music's, how I handle all the ominous tones
Almost sold my Supras but I took 'em on the road
I know I can be super, I'm just starting slow
Gotta walk the tightrope, avoid curve balls thrown
Give me Trinidad's gold, even I wanna glow
I've always been afraid of not pushing envelopes
Now I leave myself notes and they all say 'no'
Even MTV folk, tell me that dope, though
Most people in the game hide behind cloaks
I guess they say God says you gotta keep hope
Even Agnostic AWK gotta keep it on the go (Go!)

[Hook: Maya Azucena]
Go! Gotta go gotta go gotta
Tryna keep up
Glow! Gonna glow gonna go gonna glow gonna
I gotta glow! Go!
Gotta go gotta go gotta
Tryna keep up!
Glow!
I gotta glow!

[Verse 2: Slug (of Atmosphere)]
I'm in a lazy Thunderbird, with some Minnesota plates
Scraping up the curb, just to get up in ya face
Ain't you heard, probably maybe
We beat, the breaks off, the novelty break beats
Toggle the safety, and follow the gravy
Passed out off a half a bottle a Jamie
I laugh now and I don't even know what you said
You assed out like you got a whole in yo head
Growth ain't optional, we can't stop the show
Instead, we pretend anything's possible
I got a whole lot a words for thirst
But the rest of the search, depends on the work
Standing on top of this dirt, so let me celebrate
It's another day, for us to elevate
I got nothing but go, we don't rest or play
I kinda like how it sound, what the hell she say? (C'mon)

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Joell Ortiz]
Yeah that's right, I stays on the move
See yall tired a seeing my face on the tube
'Til the clubs spinning my joints to make it pop
'Til my feet in white sand and ya feet still play the block
Ya still tryin chase that deal, aight guys
I'm chillin, got a nice little spot in a high rise
Execs still telling yall all the laws got bye bye
That sucks, just bought a truck and new bike that I ride
It goes, 'vroom vroom', with a fatty in a thong
Sorry I had to go, but I'm happy that I'm gone
Don't you wish you could rhyme and get at me on a song
Well yall can't and I can, like Nas, so run along
You won't break me, instead I'm a break free
And paint a clear picture for the world in HD
So put ya eyes underneath where your shades be
Baby I gotta glow, feedback, but I gotta go

[Outro (A cappella): Maya Azucena]
Tryna keep up
Cause I gotta go
Ought to keep up
Cause I'm gonna grow
Ya need to keep up
Cause I'm gonna glow
You ought to keep up
Cause I gotta go
Oh mmm mmm yeah yeah yeah yeah
Oh oh oh oh, I gotta go! Yeah...