[Intro: Crooked I & Joell Ortiz]
S-sutt S-sutt
Hip-Hop Weekly: Reloaded
I'm kinda fucked up, on these Four Lokos in this bitch
(SLAUGHTERHOUSE!!)

[Verse 1: Crooked I]
Yo, they try to keep me out the ranks of the greatest rhymers
But I've been underground longer than Chilean miners
Fisticuff music, give the game a shiner
COB's my true religion, minus gay designers
(S-sutt S-sutt!)
(Wait a minute, my nigga Jay Cee in this motherfucker. Dida, hold on)

[Verse 2: Joell Ortiz]
(Slaughterhouse nigga!!)
No way I could sit around watch my homie getting down
This 2 quarters, one eighth of the sickest pound
Pound for pound, we'll pound you out. Girls say, "Yo they fly"
Can't take dick, but yo they try, hit 'em with a pound, ok bye
Gotta keep it moving like dope on the block
I post like Karl Malone in the spot
Quiet with the jazz, I already spazzed
And I just gave Four Loko a shot
Might wanna chill like wine in a restaurant
What the "F" you want?
Ain't nothing over here but some gaspin' for air and a nice little stretcher to stretch you on
Trying to be so so cool and I go fool with the Pro Tools, I'm a student of the old school
But pass the torch or I'll have to force you to play a little game of sudoku
Put your days in numbers
Coming up I was poverty stricken with pain and hunger, that shit weak so
Yeah, I'm trying to eat like the motherfucking day that they gave Columbus
Nothing but flames amongst us
When I say us, I'm talking about the slaughter
I'm talking about the new world order
I rap that, make ball sacks a nice little snack for your daughter
So Hip Hoppers we fittin' to hop you on your good foot
It's a problem when that Yaowa hook up with Sutt Sutt!

[Verse 3: Crooked I]
Yo (Heyyy!!!)
Hit a nigga like pow, click click pow
Bitch get down, spit 6 rounds
This kid's down
Living in a whole another district with a thick bitch and a thick bitch get dicked down
My dick she put lipstick 'round
Take a twitpic, lemme slow this shit down
I'm reloaded, 52 weeks this that marathon spit
I wipe the earth's face with you, Farrakhan shit
One day, I'ma buy you niggas on that Viacom tip
Then take your bitch cause mami fly as a cybertron ship
Riding around with your vibrant thing
Look at the dog that Crooked I became
German shepard, put sperm in your heifer
Right by that hydrant man
BET, top ten list, I ain't mad cause I'mma be there later
Tip my hat to shit like that, well-deserved I won't be their hater
If anything I'mma be the creator who made a way for you to speak to your people
Once a week with that music leak
Now look how loud my future speak
Innovative, niggas hate it, I don't care I rest in peace 'em
Eat some beats like a decent feast
It's yo' instrumental, I just lease them
I monster mash and beast them
Just what it sound like
When anarchy, chaos, and pandemonium have a threesome
C.O.B. is getting money, what you boys think
Beamer, Benz or Bentley, I call my garage Lloyd Banks
I'm feeling like I'm Baby watching the New Orleans Saints
My Creole bitch, she got on panties, huh, no she ain't
Last of a dying breed I indeed iron squeeze
Fire weed, silverback gorilla if you buying trees
Diamond rings, finer things, chain hotter than 99 degrees
Dine with Gs, wine and cheese, liar please, you minor league
The feds made me sell my Ferrari Spider
Eastsider, sorry momma, I'm a rider
Flyer than riding in coach, Marty Schottenheimer
I will trade hard dick for some hot vagina
No country unless your name is Crooked I
Read my shirt, what it say? #OKBYE
You know I go hard in the paint
Hard in the paint I'ma go get it all
You don't like that I'ma go get it all
Suck my dick through that hole in the wall
I ain't slowing down for no nigga, naw
Stay out my way homie, don't get involved
Cause yo' fittin' to fall
You don't know that my flow get in all
I'm doper than ya'll (5x)

[Crooked I and (Joell Ortiz) talking ]
Whatch' ya'll gonna do?
Whatch' ya'll gonna do, huh?
Y-You're not going to record with me?(Joell Ortiz)
Ya'll recording me already *laughs*
(Crooked, whatch' you gon' do?)
Oh, (COB to Yaowa, Hip Hop Weekly)
He ain't do no videos with Crook
You already don't do no videos with Crook BITCH!!
"That nigga can't be on my soundtrack"
You already said that, FAGGOT!*Laughs*
This is Hip Hop Weekly Reloaded, mayne. Nahmean?
This is no country
Shouts out to the other next diss, J Michelle
It's no country, why should I care
When them niggas try to, body bag me, on YouTube
Which one of you west coast niggas reached out to me and said, "Yo, Crook, you alright?"
None of you niggas, so guess what? Ssutt Ssutt!
I ain't fuckin' with you niggas, BITCH!
Ok, bye (x3)
Hey ???
*Shutting down effect* Ok, Bye