[Produced by !llmind]

[Verse 1: Joell Ortiz]
You mothafuckas ready?
I'm walkin' through this bitch with my machete
Put your chemical suit on
What you 'bout to come in contact with is deadly
I'm tired of the gimmicks, firin' your style, is you bitches?
Fuck you and your selfies, why you smilin' in pictures?
What you think this is a game, nigga?
Ooooh man y'all lucky I don't name niggas, lame niggas
Call me Dhalsim, I'm finna flame niggas, shut up
Talkin' to every rich and famous nigga, what up?
Spar with the stars, meet me in your garage
Where you park all your cars
I'll show you how you get sparked with these bars
You's a walk in the... park
Where they find you? Rhymes, I'll outrhyme you
Lines, I'll outline you... in chalk
Load up the magazine and throw at the magazine that said your album was mean
Shoot to your photoshoot and shoot your photoshoot
Think I'm just bein' vocal in the vocal booth?
Everybody head got a price, that's a quotable

[Hook: Joell Ortiz]
This lil' piggy said he hard
But this lil' piggy walkin' 'round with bodyguards
This lil' piggy is a fraud
This lil' piggy said he real
But this lil' piggy get smacked, bet he squeal
This lil' piggy is a bitch

[Verse 2: Joell Ortiz]
Niggas take my kindness for weakness
I look at your kind and see weakness
I sound like somethin' divine in these speakers
Y'all look like somethin' of mine in the cleaners, washed up
I rinse your whole squad up
Put you on spin cycle then hang your panties and bras up in Starbucks
Ah I'm just ventin' like a large cup
Cause I make magic happen with this pen
And it go platinum, but Copperfield is back at it again
So you can shine as long as this shit I'm rappin' is a gem
Don't nobody say it how I say it
Get on stage and display it, how I display it
Convey it in such a way that it stays with you, man it's crazy
They callin' me underground but I'm your mothafuckin' favorite
When you press play it... do somethin' to you
And never mention my name, boy I'll do somethin' to you

[Hook: Joell Ortiz]
This lil' piggy said he hard
But this lil' piggy walkin' 'round with bodyguards
This lil' piggy is a fraud
This lil' piggy said he real
But this lil' piggy get smacked, bet he squeal
This lil' piggy is a bitch
This lil' piggy said he hard
But this lil' piggy walkin' 'round with bodyguards
This lil' piggy is a fraud
(Keep believin' what you see on social media, man, that ain't real)
This lil' piggy said he real
But this lil' piggy get smacked, bet he squeal
This lil' piggy is a bitch
(Just like pow)

[Outro: Joell Ortiz]
I don't fuck with y'all, y'all like broads
Your whole team is just not like ours
I'm a VIP nigga sittin' at the bar
The nigga that you see when them cameras on
Is the nigga that you meet when them cameras off
I am who I am, that's not who they are