[Intro] [Joell talking]:
Remember that feeling y'all? (Here it comes again) When you wanted to push the rewind button cause what a nigga say is hot. (Here it comes again) When you arguing with your man like, "Yo I'm tellin' you, pick that shit up, that nigga's crazy. (Here it comes again) Well that feeling is back and the name is Joell Ortiz. Yaowa!

[Verse One]:
I'm back, flipped off the monkey bars, ran up the slide
Marker in my pocket, what's gettin' ?
Hood "memories"
That's what gives this man the drive
I'm duckin' under these cars they lettin' them cannon's fly
A lot of "memories" of mine involved a life of crime
? like "Here this nine" and me like, "yeah, that's fine"
A lot of "memories" include my dude that's not here
They only roam the Earth for 20 some odd years
But they "memories" never fade away
Reasonable was my favorite Jay, I ain't afraid to say it
It's B.K

[Interlude] [Joell talking]:
Hold up. I'm a free agent? Yeeeeah bwoyyy!

[Verse Two]:
"Memories"
We ain't lose a step
Look no further I'm the new dude to rep
You fools is cassettes
Straight "memories"
Accept your fate, I dropped the best mixtapes
In '87 was the last time less than an 8
"Memories"
Is what y'all all shall be
I'm nice, I'm young, I'm Spanish, I'm Sure like Al B
Remember "memories"
The project jam, you got shawty on the closet and
You all on her back pockets fam
"Memories"
That's the feeling I bring back
Cause I don't just sing rap, but I bet you everybody sing back

[Interlude] [Joell talking]:
Yaowa. Yeah, that's the level right there. Haha

[Verse Three]:
"Memories"
What y'all thought? I was comin' in half steppin'?
Y'all dumbin', I'm half past seven, new paragraph reppin'
New "memories"
For me to create, feed me a plate of beats
I'll eat every one, won't leave behind a crumb
I'm "memories"
Just waitin' to happen, great with this rappin'
What y'all talkin' is all wrong like y'all fakin' an accent
Those "memories"
Just sit in my head
I put teeth under my pillow but the Fairy never visit my bed
I said "memories"
Like mom dukes coppin' her shit
And me sayin', "I feel like droppin' this dick" man, I'm sick

[Interlude] [Joell talking]:
{Joell coughing} Excuse me y'all. Haha

[Verse Four]:
"Memories"
Nah, it ain't over, it's just beginnin' soldier
I'mma need the house, I'mma need the hoes, I'mma need the biggest motor
"Memories"
Won't allow me to stop throwin' jabs
I'm Foreman, Ali, y'all proud to be Cotto, Zab
Kareem, Hakeem, y'all dudes is Greg Ostertag
Marino, I'm Elway, pick it when you throw a pass
"Memories"
Things that happen in pass tense
I lost a race in the hood ain't finish the last since
If my "memories" serve me right, losin' sucks
So I'm in it for the gold like Scrooge McDuck
Y'all just dust

"Memories"