Nissan, Honda, Chevy! - Nissan, Honda, Chevy!
Nissan, Honda, Chevy! - My stash is never empty
Baby Nissan, Honda, Chevy! - Nissan, Honda, Chevy!
Nissan, Honda, Chevy! - The-the D's will never get me!
In my Hoopty I be swurvin'! (err!) - The public who I'm servin'
Boost phones forever chirpin', I be out there puttin work in. (c'mon!)
Know them dirty boys lurkin', if they nab then it's curtains
So when I'll go see a person, I spend the blocks so I'm certain
And that it's cool! - I'm no fool, see Raul is more than reckless
So I meet him when it's busy at that Meek or Morgan exit!
Off that BQ B-B-B-B-B-B-BQE near Mickey D, (oh!)
And occasionally treat myself to a nice little fish and cheese. (whoo!)
I'm really-really in the street! - Benig broke's my enemy
Teachers said I'm dumb but I dropped out and I know chemistry! (aahh!)
I make that soft get hard! (hard!) - And meet my homie Pito
In the parkin lot of Home Depot off Northen Boulevard! (c'mon!)
I got my route down packed! - I'm about my stacks!
And my mouth don't chat, I let my 'bout 'bout clap. (boo!)
But I ain't with that though, I'm tryna get that dough (yeeahh!)
"Beamer, Benz Or Bentley" I don't know, I stay low in that...
Nissan, Honda, Chevy! - Nissan, Honda, Chevy!
Nissan, Honda, Chevy! - My stash is never empty!
Baby; Nissan, Honda, Chevy! - Nissan, Honda, Chevy!
Nissan, Honda, Chevy! - The-the D's will never get me!
'Ey Ortiz!
I know a nigga that could put a stash on anything... on my mama!
Hey! Y'all know I had to jump on this!
You know I stay low, tinted up!
Jones!
I remember gettin' soup when I first had the Acc (I remember!)
It was the '97 Coupe I didn't know how to act. (turn on 'em!)
When Juju did the stash the body shop on Jerome (74th!)
Way before the boost, I had the flip mobile phone! (right!)
Before that it was the beeper (whoo!) - had one "Streetsweeper"
We all cut class so we hardly knew the teacher!
When The Rink was really hot! (alright) - Rockin' minks was really hot! (I remember!)
We was on the car waggers wasn't thinkin' about a drop. (okay!)
Now I scoop you in the charger drop you off in the 'Ghini
Let you out on the corner right before your boyfriend see me. (and?)
Keep a low vehicle (right!) - when I'm low speedin through
And I'm sccopin' up your hoe they don't know that it is you. (Jones!)
Used to watch my uncle do it! (yeah!) - Scoop 'em up in the Buick (and?)
One chick Delores turned fiend she was gorgeous. (where?)
Speakin about cars I think we still got a Taurus
I ain't 'gon mention 'bout the color, cause it's still takin orders (F*CKER! GO!)
Nissan, Honda, Chevy! (and?) - Nissan, Honda, Chevy! (and?)
Nissan, Honda, Chevy! (and?) - My stash is never empty baby!
Nissan, Honda, Chevy! - Nissan, Honda, Chevy!
Nissan, Honda, Chevy! - The-the D's will never get me!
I, I hope you got your registration!
You, you know...
I used to get a bitch to get me runnin' and still put tinteds on that mu'f*cker!