[Intro]
This is a story about love
About the beauty of having it
And about the agony of losing it

[Verse 1]
Nah, those ain't his kids, but shit they might as well be
He kept food on their table, made sure they was nice and healthy
They got a dead-beat father, but such a stand-up daddy
He can't figure out why his children's mom is so unhappy
He notice little things, she starting arguments more often
And he ain't coming home to that plate of food like before when
Everything was new and every night was tender love and care
Now he laying on his side, she way the fuck over there
Can't even look in his eyes, missing the way she stared
As he told her how he felt, while his fingers ran through her hair
No communication, their whole relationship's hi and by
He used to hate shopping with her, now everything's buying fly
The other day he asked himself "you just sitting here crying, why?"
Them tears won't make you see things clear, nigga dry your eyes
Y'all best friends, this was built on a lot of loving
You wanna get back to the top, get to the bottom of this

[Verse 2]
It don't feel too good on the wake up
No breakfast cooking, you smell it's in the breakup
Time just running by, while his heart is yelling "wait up!"
How they still together, but he praying that they make up
It don't feel too good in the evening
No dinner cook, you can smell the scent of deceiving
Everybody home, still he feels all alone
And he did waht no man should ever do:
He went through shorty phone

[Verse 3]
Smiley face, LOL
I miss you, when I'm seeing you again boy, what the hell?
And he replied "Hey boo, you know I miss you as well"
I just can't play this game no longer, now give this boy his farewell
And she replied "I know but..."
Homie can't read no more
Threw her iPhone on the floor and let out the most hurtful roar
Then she walk in the door and say "Baby, are you OK?"
He said "Bitch I ain't your baby, what games you tryna play?"
Held up her phone like "really, this what you doing while I'm away
Busting my ass, taking care of them bills that you never pay"
And all she had to say was "you went through my phone?"
It's fine, "how 'bout the kids?", she yelled "well those is mine!"
The love turned into hate and hate turned to despise
All in a matter of seconds he wanted her not alive
Threw his hand around her neck and squeeze, she coughing for her breath
He lost it, wants to lay her in that coffin for a rest
Suddenly, she feels the air restoring in her chest
His little boy is on her right side, his daughter on her left
They crying, she crying, he crying, what a mess
Looking around like "none of this shit is right" and so he left
Filled his gas tank up and then came flying out the Hess
Driving while he's stressed, no destination, but my guess is
He ain't care where he was going and how long it take to get there
His heart and soul was weak, he one the local streets in fifth gear
I was wrong though, he knew where he was going and just why
He pulled up to that lake they had met that one july
Looking in his rearview at a life that look so dry
The water seemed refreshing, so he floored it
And told the world goodbye

[Bridge]
His loved ones filled his wake up
Tears steady dripping, people tripping on the way up
They view him in that casket hoping mybe he would wake up
His suit is extra sharp, they did a good job with his makeup

[Bridge 2]
Don't feel too good on this evening
A lot of dinner cooking, smell the scent of flowers breathing
Packed funeral home, still he feels all alone
Cause he did what no man should ever do:
He went through shorty phone

[Bridge 3: ???]
It's wrong so hard
It's wrong so hard
It's wrong, it's wrong
Everybody knows it's wrong

[Outro]
Baby? Baby?
(The [???] telephone number you dialed is temporarily not in service
Message five-sixty-one; Three)