[Intro]
Mama. Damn shorty look good son
What's good girl? Aight
Im'a get her son Im'a get her
I'm telling you man. (You ain't got a shot nigga)
Ha ha. Shorty was bad

She was the fliest thing on the block
Long hair to the socks
When she walked by man everything stopped
The hustlers watched, they tore shots her way
She wasn't rude, she spoke, but they wasn't getting the time of day
She was so past the corner, studying to be a lawyer
24, no sons, no daughters
Her whole aura said she was about something
Make a dude who said he'd never trick
Wanna go in his pocket and count something
Turn a partying ass nigga into her house husband
She what you wanted a woman to be
I'm pretty sure you could see
But anyway she scooped a college degree
And got a gig with some private law firm in the city
It was there where she met that kid
Started out just lunch, and turned into after work at the crib
She was impressed by the way he lived
Big loft in mid-town town, right off the 59th street bridge
She could get used to this scenery they dated for a while
Think a year before homie asked her to walk down the aisle
She looked at the prettiest diamond she even seen and smiled
Said yes, already seeing herself in that white dress

That's when everything begin to get funny like Mike Epps
Started coming home from work late with liquor on his breath
Scratches on his chest, what was shorty to expect?
This motherfuckers a cheater, she packed her shit and left
That Monday she went to work there was flowers on her desk
And a letter that read "I'm sorry I know that your upset
Everybody make mistakes
Gimme a chance to correct the wrongdoing I've done
You the only one, I'm a mess
At night I toss and turn, I hardly get any rest
I dream we back together but when I wake up I'm stressed
Your side of the bed is empty til the day that we reunite
Just let me make it up to you, give me a ring, aight?
P.S. I love you and always will"
But I told you shorty was special she was always real
She know second chances turned into a third and fourth
So when her phone vibrated she ignored his calls
One Saturday afternoon she in the green acres mall
Picking up a couple of blouses and a jacket for the fall
She walking out the store and heard a voice that she heard before
Say "You act like you don't know me no more"

Turned, yup it was him
Jogging suit with sweat on his chest
Looking like he just stepped out the gym
"You ain't returned none of my calls girl, that ain't nice"
She answered without looking, "I moved on with my life"
He plead his case to the parking lot, once she got to her jeep
She quickly opened the door before she could hop in the seat
He grabbed her arm and whispered "You'll always be mine"
As she pulled off he yelled "Alright, see you around some time!"
She got to the crib, dropped all her bags, grabbed the phone
Looking out the window making sure he ain't follow her home
And dialed them famous numbers, 9-1-1
That's when the operator said "Now hold on one second Hun"
"Okay, how can I be of assistance?"
Shorty replied "I'm telling you he a stalker he grabbed-"
The operator interrupts
"Now hold on, can you repeat that but calm?
I can't help you miss if I don't understand what's going on"
"Alright listen, my ex boyfriend is a crazy stalker
He keep ringing my phone, and today he sorta
Popped up at the mall, it was not coincidence
He wasn't shopping he was waiting for me, I'm serious"
"But did he hit you?"
"No"
"Did he threaten you?"
"Kinda. He said "You will always be mine" but, it's the way he said it
Ooh I'm telling you it's not a game"
"That's not enough to arrest him but if you gimme his name
I'll put it down on file as a valid complaint
So if domestic violence occurs he'll get all the blame
But until he lays a hand or even threatens your life
This is the best I can do alright?"
"Alright."

"Domestic violence? This motherfucker gon' try to kill me!"
She grabbed her head wilding
Checked all the door locks, lowered all the shades
Took a shower, came out and ate, down to sleep she laid
Next day at work she ain't able to concentrate
Spent her whole lunch break sitting there trying to contemplate like
"Was I bugging? Was he just at the mall?
And he said what he said out of anger cause I ain't called?"
She got off, hit a after-work party with all her friends
This is what she needed; tequila, some music and some men
She ain't tell none of her home girls about her little friend
Too embarrassed to say she dated someone she had to defend
See homie happened to be her first case
But he walked into her office with fine threads and that handsome face
He was tried for fraud but due to a weak investigation
She got him off with a fine and some time on probation
Anyway it was getting late, she decided to jet
Say goodbye to her friends and took care of the check
Tired and tipsy she got to the crib kick off her shoes
Collapsed on the couch and turned on the 10 o'clock news
Yawning, she knew she was ready to snooze
So she undressed, hit the shower and washed off the booze
Threw on her pajamas, hit the fridge for some food
Something quick, peanut butter and jelly can't lose
Poured a cup of juice, made her way to the room
Walked in, hit the lights and was staring at guess who?
He was sitting on the bed, he said "How do you do?"
She tried to scream but when she opened her mouth she was mute
He threw his hands around her neck til her face turn blue
She kicked and screamed for a minute then all the fighting was through
The fliest thing on the block was a goner
If only she'd have gave me the time of day when I stopped her
On the corner