[Hook: Joell Ortiz & Fred The Godson]
I'm hearing New York Back
Yeah, they say New York back?
Yeah, I'm hearing that talk
Aight, Joell, talk dat

[Verse 1: Joell Ortiz & Fred The Godson]
Black Polo T, 40 tucked where the horse at
If you was in my shoes you'd take 'em off where I walk at
Caught that? For ya wife call a coroner
US citizen but we still put four in her
I just put more in the floor of my new corridor
Move birds fast hurry cane like Florida
We still at the border the Trump wall wasn't sent
Still moving clean water to stamp safe for Flint
Shorty on me now but the scale is lit
Ironic how I get these buns after I sell a bit
They hella sick, I drive a whip you should never tint
The R8 doors move on up like the Jeffersons
I know that gutter make your chest wheezy
If I knew what I knew now Joe I'd done did 'em greasy
Hold up, ain't new now like a wave grease?
Yea these bums fry food in the same grease
I just left Santorini we don't do the same Greece
Y'all just sit around playin' I be on plane seats

[Hook: Joell Ortiz & Fred The Godson]
New York rap
Word, this New York rap?
Yea I'm hearin' that talk
Aight Gordo talk dat

[Verse 2: Joell Ortiz & Fred The Godson]
Think I'm just bars leave you all wet?
I let it rain on stage like Cardi and Offset
Who's the whip in that? Should I call Flex?
I deserve a new muscle car, I'ma hardcore vet
Still that ball next got everybody tight like a corset
I just left the telly got your broad sweat drippin' on my draws man her poor net
Whole 4th quarter she took balls I was all net
We winnin' in a poor stretch
Coke like 7th inning where we all stretch
Boy keep going
Joell and don't you go next
Boy keep going
Oh well i'm on that ball net
Alright keep going
Cool! we on a roll in a hummer
Cause we wrap like a burrito we gon tour til the summer
And respect every bar
It's the YAOWA! and Fred The God
2 diamonds that never fly
Wrist no fizad this is zizad
The armors hate it so constipated this s*** is hard

[Hook: Joell Ortiz & Fred The Godson]
I'm hearing New York Back
Yeah, they say New York back?
Yeah, I'm hearing that talk
Aight, Joell, talk dat
New York rap
Word, this New York rap?
Yea I'm hearin' that talk
Aight Gordo talk dat