Excuse me miss, I wonder how'd you get from where you comin
Are you seein someone?
What's the air like where you come from?
Is it lonely in the clouds?
Are you on another planet?
Yeah you seem understanding, girls I meet are too demandin
Some say I keep my wall up, but for you I give my all up
I ain't used to seein flawless, but I know you like seeing ballas
So I can take you shoppin buy you a plane get you a newer dress
But wouldn’t you rather have a king? And a new address?
See my last misses, she was bad business
Too many bad decisions, goin out and fast livin
Yeah I need inspiration, I feel like that’s missin
And sex that’s vicious, flyest first class [?]

Chorus
She's so clean
Body so mean
I never met a girl like this before
So I can have a plan
Have any girl anywhere
Every time she stares
It feels like I'll be walkin on.. air
It feels like I'll be walkin on.. air
It feels like I'll be walkin on.. air
It feels like I'll be walkin on.. air

I did been around the world
Fooled around with a lotta girls
But when I'm around her I'm nauseous, I feel like I gotta hurl
Baby gimme butterflies, she give me butterflies
See her and I wanna fly
Push the other ones aside
She's my peanut butter pie
Thicken? in my family blood
Fantasize about her some bed
Like [?] [?]
See us hand in hand takin pics
On the Grammy rug
Her voices warm as the grip
Of my granny's hugs
Hate when I be going away
Cause I missed her, shit
Feelin like I'm MJ, I'm like this is it
Never been in love before
Don’t know how it's supposed to feel
But she got me pretty sure cause I'm so emotional
Got me called timers, I get Alzheimer's
Forgot the words at my show, when she walk by us
Like a breeze blew a flower across the affair
She's the Air Force One, I be walkin on air

Chorus

Bridge
Inhale, exhale
Somethin inside, says this is so right
Even for the night, but you won't know its real but tonight
Enhale, exhale
Somethin inside, says this is so right
Even for the night, but you won't know its real but tonight

Its clear skies, flutter with a stunnin mind
When she arrives, I get other vibes, just like another high
You got the right thickness, ass vicious
Her sex games, jet flames, first class [?]

Chorus