[Intro: Rick Ross]
Yeeaahh..!
You know I had to fuck with my nigga's shit
You know what I'm talking about
This is all I do nigga
Touch money and touch bitches
Talk shit and swallow spit
Aaahhhhhhhhhhhh..!

[Verse 1: Rick Ross]
Huuh.. She in love with my hustle, the Lamborghini, the 'Rari
I put TVs in the back.. Sega, Dreamcast, and Atari
Play with it!
I'm blowing loud, smoking out a trash bag
Tony Montana real estate, go check my lap back
I'mma back to back like we riding through Bahgdad
Got them choppas gold plated, bitch nigga back back
I met her on the pole, I let her ride
I let her see some cake, I know I'm out of sight
Thumbin' through the check, thumbin' through the check
Three hundred on my wrist, swear to God I won't confess
Thumbin' through the check, thumbin' through the check
Three hundred on my wrist, another hundred on my neck

[Hook]
Up in every early morning man I gotta
Fuck a money machine that's what I do
I sell a bit then finger-fuck through it
Bet my most everything I do since I was two
I don't know about you though but I'm gone do it
That's all I love to do
That's all I wanna do
All day, every day (Ayy!)

[Verse 2: Rocko]
Thumb through that check, make sure its adding up
Thumb through that check, rubber band then bag it up
Thumb through that check, I don't know yo ass like that
Ain't no disrespect, make sure it ain't counter-feit
I gotta thumb through that check, make sure its correct
You know these niggas be playin' games but we ain't goin' for that
Thumb through that check, he playin', I pay a bounty
Quick a picker upper, bitch I'm from Fulton County
Thumb through that check, on everything I love
I'm shaking booty gov. my favorite club the booty club
Thumb thru that check, I swear this shit so fun
Stack them hundreds, fiftys, twentys spending tens, fives, and ones (Ayy!)

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Young Scooter]
I just juuged a million dollars, thumb through it all in 60 seconds
Count it all with one hand, finessing, thrumbin through the check
Brick fare, I thrumb through it
Freebands, I thumb through em
Sleepin' thumbin through the check, got money in every room
Future up in Pluto thumbin' through checks throwing them down on you
Check in my pocket, shit taller than you
Thumb through the check, thumb through the check
I just fucked yo bitch, I ain't give that ho no check
70-thousand round my neck, that's another check
Pull up at the dealer, let em thumb through the check
Thumb through the check, finesse, finesse, finesse!
Thumb through it, blow it, juug that shit right back!

[Hook]