[Verse 1: Black Cobain]
Fuck rappers, fuck your entourage and your bitch
Fuck your flow and your fashion, you can't fuck with this
Fuck 'em all, kill 'em all what's on my bucket list
Morgan Freeman couldn't fuck with this
This equivalent to ignorant shit (?)
And thirty thirty two's will give you sixteen's of problem yeah
And if you know that age I might fuck her too, fuck is you?
And we never swear
Yo (?) I heard you singing, Ne-Yo
And that'll get you more than a stitch, it gets you repo'd
(?) CEO, flow below zero'
We don't want your verse we need a hearse and a limo
Cause they're all dead to me, niggas look scared to me
And you looking sweet, who the fuck is y'all, Terrelle(?)
Y'all can't stop comparing me, couple bitches sharing me
Ask about the flow and nigga I'm a (?)
Me and Casey Veggies right on Crenshaw
Bout to cop the Backwood he's stopping at the Wingstop
The best Virginia rapper's Pusha T, I could've been in the Clipse
And if I wasn't chasing money, could've been in your bitch
I ain't sweating all these rappers dropping every six months
Yeah it's aight, (?)
Nigga I'm pac head of month, watch 'em drop, pick 'em up
We got your baby mama speaking like the first of the month
I like the end of my blunt, I'm not giving a fuck
We not saying you niggas nice, we only listen to us, hold up
Rappers stealing styles, sitting up the Mr. (?)
I was writing this verse when I was bout to move my (?)
I'm defecating on your microphones
You (?) I'm on Al Capone
They put me on, I put my niggas on, that's how it's supposed to be
And tell the players stop coaching me
I'm uncoachable, I ain't trying to talk I ain't sociable
Disrespectful as fuck, got my Louis on your sofa too
Uh, Tell that bitch to get that head up
And tell that lables get that bread up nigga

[Verse 2: Casey Veggies]
Fuck your swag you ain't got it cause I'm the creator
I put your bitch up on the block, she gon' bring me that paper
Talking this shit so high we had to remade it
These rappers swear they got their spot but I'm coming to take it
Shout out the whole DMV
These hoes call me young CV she moaning for me on repeat
(?) running at these niggas tell you (?)
Like how this little boy so nice, they treat me like LeBron
Hate me when I'm gone but they love me when I be dropping bombs
Japanese jeans, Peas and Carrots yeah I got it on
Thinking of a rapper you can fuck with, man I'm not the one
That's the red case cause all these niggas my older son
Hold the gun, I got it with all (?)
See dropping football players, she poppin' for all tits
Fuck her then I bring it at (?)
(?) Crime, no arrest
I got away with the money time to hide out
I got away with your honey time to ride out
She topless at the crib talkin' like this her (?)
I said baby you're right 'till you get timed out
I sip the back to rehab like Amy Winehouse
Rest in peace to that, please excuse my feature raps
Yeah I love that pussy eating like (?)
Hit it from the back and then I put it in a freezer pack
I said I wanna (?) and a piece of that
And if I really want it then you know I'm keeping that
Bring your A-games with your flow, pop shit
You say you got the key to the game, I got the lockpick