[Intro]
To hell with the kind of work you have to do to earn a living
All it does is fill the bellies of the pigs who exploit us
Look at me, I'm makin' it, I may live badly
But at least I don't have to work to do it
To all you workers out there: every single commodity you produce
Is a piece of your own death!
End of interview!

[Verse 1]
I'm so goddamn tired, can't tell if I'm done, or just un-inspired
And don't give me that you can be somebody speech
That ain't your place, let me be
I'm an example of a candle lit life
With electric relaxation, brain trampled by devotion
To remote control channel changin'
Something provoked the whole globe to lower expectations
Damn, what's wrong with my generation?
We was the cream of the crop but it seems we've been robbed
That's what happens when you trade in all your dreams for a job
And every day it gets less and less exciting
I would make a difference but I'm busy faking this instead of trying
Change my shift from now to never and I'll pretend I'm fine
Why am I always stuck at the shitty end of the assembly line
I guess I'm built to be intoxicated with hope
Sometimes it's a journey, most of the time it's just a bad joke
And in my skull there's a junk drawer I can't organize
The first to come in last to leave we'll never be immortalized
This sort of life is completely overrated, I'm sick of being the
Only one I know that's trying to make it
So right now I'm heading home, got Sounds of Nature Volume 1 in
My headphones and half a bottle of Prednisone
That's the reaction to an overdose of passion
Brainless, stagnant, ain't it magic?

[Bridge]
I'm here, so what?
(The revolution won't be 'til tomorrow)
I'm dumb in touch
(Do you have another hour I could borrow?)
I'm sane enough
(The revolution won't be 'til tomorrow)
Exhausted love
(Do you have another hour I could borrow?)

(Well the thing about tomorrow, I hesitate to say)

[Verse 2]
I never knew ambition could be so fuckin' disgusting
I earn a good commission but it makes me feel so ugly
I'm on some not even knowing I'm an illuminatus just as long
As playin' agent don't disrupt my funeral's progress
I ain't changin for you I ain't reaching for the sky, I would
If you could give me one good reason why I should even try
Because after a while this never ending lame game of what's better
Could fracture your smiles mainframe forever
It's so fun to be in love, or so I've heard
The meaning has no feeling even though I understand the words
I used to try to make heaven right here on earth but that'll only
Happen if you find someone else to do the work
I'll be surprised when my psychosis turns out to keep the driving focus
While I hold the same blurred cloud as burnt out dope heads
So for now my worthless counterwork has found a purpose every time a pound of dirt's produced I get my frown refurbished
Two for one specials, if you order shoulder devils, head swoll
Running out of petrol but I won't let go of this gas pedal
'Til I'm settled and they finally wet me with that sweet blind security
So insecure and messy, mark today the day that dedication died
Instead of saying goodbye, I'm staying praying that'll I'll stay alive
Because even though I know I hate to love you so much
I got no better place to go, that's why I always show up
Damn

[Bridge]
I'm here, so what?
(The revolution won't be 'til tomorrow)
I'm dumb in touch
(Do you have another hour I could borrow?)
I'm sane enough
(The revolution won't be 'til tomorrow)
Exhausted love
(Abilities, break it down)

[Outro - sample from Altered States]
- You're getting a divorce
- We're getting separated. We probably won't get around
To the divorce until next year
- I know it's none of my business, but why? You're married to one of the great women of the world who adores you. My God, if anybody has it made, you have
- She insists she's in love with me, whatever that is. What she means is she prefers the senseless pain we inflict on each other to the pain we would otherwise inflict on ourselves. But I'm not afraid of that solitary pain. In fact, if I don't strip myself of all this clatter and clutter and ridiculous ritual, I shall go out of my fucking mind. Does that answer your question?
- What question was that?
- You asked me why I was getting divorced
- Oh, listen, it's your life. I'm sorry I even asked
- Listen