[Eyedea: Round 1]

Ayo this cat can't stand me
(..)
He'll only win this battle cause this whole crowd's his family
But yo, your shirt says "record breaker", what that mean yo ?
You're the only cat that ever took eighty losses in a row ?
Is that how it goes ? On the mic you can't
How you're saying (..) you look just like Ja Rule
That's how it goes up on the mic (..)
Nah, fuck Ja Rule, you're Flavor Flav's second cousin
That's how it goes, your flowing is weak
And when you do that shit, you show me your corroded ass teeth
Oh he's spittin' my lines, thinking that he's fresher
Spitting Eyedea lines is the only way you'll ever sell a record
So why you'd do that ? You don't wanna be (..)
You know what ?
You need to take your whole fucking crew back to school black
That's how it goes, pull up a stool, I'm the teacher
I'm about to wear your bitch ass (..) like your Sneakers
You MCs to me is just geekers
This cat stays close to my dick like a beeper
He ain't even coming with the cheaper
You just lost your life by Eyedea, the grim reaper

[Shells: Round 1]
I'mma spit hot bars even if this dude is boring
They got Shells battling lil' Chuck Norris
We get it going man, you don't really want that
And I put this burner right where your tongue at
Ayo, this dude girls name buttaface
Cause everything looks good, buttaface
You don't really want no (..) of Shells
Cause I hit hard, you can call me the black Sprewell
Now wait a minute
He's like Destiny Child: jumping, jumping
You don't know, I'mma let this go
And you talk about my teeth, talk about my flow
I'm a hot skibbity cat, me mad nice
I'll be damned to lose against Vanilla Ice
Hold up, don't try to say my lines
Cause guess what ? It's like 1-800, nothing but hot lines
Hold up, you gotta slow up and grow up
This dude's so ugly, I'm about to throw up
You're saying I'm wack cause your man's white
And guess what ? I'm here Tony B and we can fight
And I don't care, when can do this forever
You like fake jeans, and you fake..

[Eyedea: Round 2]
Ayo, you straight bring the worst game
Couldn't be the one if KRS was your first name
I grab the microphone and let you know I'm mad tight
I let you know I could have been your dad, right ?
Matter fact, I was with your mom last night
Matter fact I'm the reason your little sister's haf white
Where's he (..) terrible
I'll beat you so bad, I'll let your fucking parents know
(..) I straight just talk
I've won more battles than your bitch ass has lost
And that's a lot
You know I straight rap for props
This is just another wack cat on my jock
I grab the microphone and straight smoke a clown
I beat him in his own fucking hometown
Now how does that make you ?
On the mic I break you
Even if you was a bitch with the legs open, no one'd rape you
That's how it goes, on the mic he's straight (buzz?)wack
Look at this cat, 25, can't grow a moustache
What's up with that ? Your whole style is weak
You get defeated, depleted, your whole style is cheap
Yo, I grab the mic and straight disconnect your face
Yo it's your turn but you got second place

[Shells: Round 2]
This ain't written, I'mma spit some freestyle stuff
And you're the type to get deal but it'll get jerked by Puff
Now hold up, you better calm down man
You know I act funny with a gun in hand
You get Rhymesayer ?
You look like Buffy the motherfuckin' rhyme slayer
And your breath smell like Manu from the Himalaya
So stop it man, you dont know what I'm going through now
It's 30 seconds, 29 and you's a bird
He thought iceberg meant...
Hold up and bring it back
You're white like that
Why you laughin' ? Look at his teeth, they got a crack
You laughin' with a smirk on your face, you look gay
I'm (*draws a blank*) and you're Dr. Dre
Let's go man, I'm freestylin, fuck y'all niggas
I got a gun and I dont really trust y'all niggas
We can get it jumping and you don't want that
And guess what ? I'm the reason your little sister's half black
So let's go and I'mma kill your ho lines
And I'mma tell you this one more last time