[Murs]
Biased? Why are they biased?

[Eyedea]
Too many Living Legends

[Murs]
There's too many Living Legends?

RSE, cause you can't see me

[Eyedea]
I'm the reason that you even started rapping
I don't like you and I never will
You would be just like me if you had some more skills
So your ass needs to chill, just fuck it
I'm the only reason that I'm a real judge kid
Think about it, you don't got the talent just to bust it
So fuck it, what do you really got to discuss kid ?
Let me hear it...

[Murs]
Oh, let me tell you about Eyedea, you're a but, you're soft
You're like my beard, you're about to get cut off
Your Scribble Jam ?victory? get nothing to me
I'm here? What you really wanna say? why you trying to front on me?
Goin' to break you down like you did your hand
You broke it jacking off by the high speed
Your DJ sucks, he's a one man band that plays my song
You're dead wrong, you can never get me, you'll get gone
Everytime you gon' freestyle you won't last long
??? you're not that strong kid, you're puny
Look at you, your Adam Apple's poking out
You betta watch out I'm from the west where we hulking out
Don't be making jokes about what I do
You need to calm down; I'll serve the rest of your crew
Ask Slug, you know I get felt
Everybody on the microphone who touches me gets melt

[Eyedea]
What ? Your whole whack style will get crushed
Everytime I hear you rhyme it's so damn butt
You're so close to my face, man you need a toothbrush
What ? I'mma tell you your rhyme style sucks
The dopest thing about the legends tour is us opening up
So back the fuck now
You know that the motherfucker straight always clown
What's up now ?
I keep it on going cause you're scared to keep flowing
So when I pass the mic to you
You're dropping shit like "Oh my god, he's 'bout to do me !"

[Murs]
Oh... oh shit... C'mon dude - don't - you're not even in a house
You can't afford this mic on your Rhymesayers allowance
Go call Siddiq, you need
Abilities is the best thing that ever happened to you, you geek !
I mean come on you and ... nevermind we're not gonna go into the personal business cause I feel like I have a spine

You know man I hope you shine, but get the fuck out of my face
Man Mac Lethal rhymes better than you, the beat is skipping but I'm not tripping, listen to what I do
I can rip you, you and Sage Francis
I don't care about you and your little white boy dances
Nobody's that fresh
You better get off the stage, you don't impress
Living Legends, from the west


[Eyedea]
Ah you're just pushing me (laughing uncontrollably)
I make you and Sage Francis look elementary
I don't even give a damn about your style jack..