[Introduction]

God damn (Eyedea), this is some serious gourmet shit!

Back off, I don’t need you to tell me how fucking good my music is okay? I’m the one who makes it. I know how good it is. When y’all go to the studio, you make shit! I make the gourmet quality stuff because when I listen to it, I like to hear it. But you know what’s on my mind right now?

What?

(Random Guy)
Yo, I’m sick of all you stupid motherfuckers talking shit about my man, Eyedea. Matter of fact, if I catch you saying any stupid shit like that around me, I'mma punch a motherfucking hole in your head! Talkin' bout "Eyedea this, Eyedea that"- get off his dick! And to all y’all critics talkin’ shit, you can eat a dick too, you punk bitches

[Verse 1]
You got balls stepping up with what you saying to me
I’m probably your favorite MC’s favorite MC
So let these lyrics infuriate your head's interior
Threaded by inferiority complex
Delirium content, please hear when my mouth sets
To tear you into shreds and put your arrogance in its deathbed your best bet's to quit laughing
Unless you’re good at dodging bullets
Ain’t shit gonna happen
Till you shut your trap and learn to focus
Open that overgrown head for a change
And don’t underestimate me in a battle I don’t play
I rip every kid in your clique in five, less than four bars
I’ll take this out to east and west
Don’t test the north star!
Oh are you pissed ‘cause your talent ain’t felt?
Well, this talkin’ shit’s easy, I challenge myself
If you were really dope, you wouldn’t say it all the time
You would be creative and I’d see it in your rhymes
You got the nerve to say I’m soft
Cause the thoughts that I talk
But I think that you’re lost, why don’t you go take a walk?
And find someone who cares how tight you think your style is
Now quit being childish!
Shake my hand and smile bitch!

[Chorus]
What gave you the right to have an ego?
You got no skills! It’s obvious an MC’s what you’re trying to be
Well if it gets out of hand, my man, just remember
I’ll always be around to remind you you’re weak!
Rhymesayers Entertainment, you know we be the greatest
With the break and the paints, the cuts, the rhymes and the beats!
Homebase is Minneap, come on through!
And bring your crew
Next time you need to be reminded you’re weak!

(Bridge)
Ayo, look at that Eyedea kid
I don’t even know, man
Yo, that shit he did on the Blaze Battle was kinda tight!
Yeah, no doubt, but his album’s kind of weird!
I know man, he ain’t never gonna get a record deal sounding like that!
True that...

[Verse 2]
Check me out now!
I’m that kid, who never gave a fuck about a contract
If you need to make a buck, get loose
Rock the mic, but don’t be dumb and come and test me
Kids be jocking like the get-paid bus, swinging from my testes
Inch-by-inch I grow less convinced by those quote un-quote
Battle rappers that think they’re in the triple-leagues
Easily I took their title and I never gave it back
How come my weakest freestyle probably beats they best-written rap?
They doubt it, and then they call me out about it
And I flew off in these topics, I win, and the crowd shouted
And you can say the same but you kid
Beat, lines are skin-deep simply when you wimps become turned into mince meat
But being fresh is only half of the job
There’s a lot in this world that needs to be changed
And so I write each song with a message for humanity
And it expresses the wisdom expressed that’s in my brain
Complaining? No. Just draining pus before the cyst pops
Boy, you player hate, I’m tryna elevate this hip hop!
So stop trying to pretend you’re real
And go write a song someone besides your friends can feel! For real!

Sometimes you just gotta let ‘em know!
Most of these MCs don’t even deserve
To be on a dick like they do
And that’s the truth

[Chorus]
What gave you the right to have an ego?
You got no skills! It’s obvious an MC’s what you’re trying to be
Well if it gets out of hand, my man, just remember
I’ll always be around to remind you you’re weak!
Rhymesayers Entertainment, you know we be the greatest
With the break and the paints, the cuts, the rhymes and the beats!
Homebase is Minneap, come on through!
And bring your crew
Next time you need to be reminded you’re weak!

(laughter)
So a masochist comes up to me and says, “I like your record, shit was hot!”
(laughter)