[Verse]
Yeah, know I been going and going like the Energizer
Probably gon' be that way till' I retire
Heavenly melody fit with that centerpiece
Make everybody realize it
They say, they say, why would you talk that religion dismiss it
Yet I keep it booming
No, I am nothing like them who pretend for a camera
Pay attention when I'm in the kitchen
I'm the new kid going for the head
Still living on the edge
God got me feeling lit
Got it on lock like my dreads, yeah
Don't let fame go to my head, no
Kick it in fifth when I head zoom
I gotta kill it again
I gotta, I gotta, I gotta, know I gotta kill it like I never done it
Get up on the beat and gun it
I'ma keep it going and going to Infinity, be the only energy
I gotta rip it apart, from the heart I spit, from the dark now lit
For the murdering and we'll be living like I'm on a high lit
Feeling righteous and I been
Never been, never been down this road before
Giving God glory by ripping the flow
Now they talk like they do, but they don't
Finna hit em' with the rhythm of a young bull
Me and the bad guy too fly like (yeah!)
Looking at em' like (yeah!)
We here, made over 20 thousand dollars (preach!)
Still don't flex to be acknowledged (preach!)
Since the basement, I been grinding (preach!)
Homies told me be about it (preach!)
Always believed that I got it then music took off
Had to drop out of college (yeah!)
I'm just doing what I'm made to do (ayy)
Just as long as they never say (ayy)
He be the type to get the dollars (preach!)
CHH can do without him (preach!)
He really puttin' the work in he got it and God is not who he acknowledge (preach!)
I done made it out the mud, so don't expect me to fight for acceptance (ayy)
What is now being neglected, me and my hooligans we finna to capture, ayy
IVAV on the map yeah, IVAV on the brr
Who you know dropping hits
Like back to back to back to back with facts on facts on Him
I'm back again, to slap a win on anybody
That's living in a pack of sin
And back to him
We living in a world so broke, and so alone
I'm in my zone
Going, levitating in a spaceship
Like I'm in the Matrix
Last one, I really want to say is His name
When I'm all on these stages
Preach when I'm on the mic
Feast on the beat then I plea
Everybody like, eat till I see nobody
I'm a dynamite
Reach one, teach one
Give it up till everybody become one, yeah
Never let up on the beat till I'm done, yeah
Put it in the flicker hope they leave it on the floor, yeah
Thinking to myself, how many times I gotta
Kill 'fore they see that I'm the realest
Or the best with the flow, yeah
Levitating like I'm Criss Angel
Saw the game, it was looking fatal
Wait till they get that part 2, Fuego
Second City, after that it's K.O
Sold more albums my first week
Than anybody in GR
That ain't a shot at the fam
But if there's anyone doing it, know we are
I live for the Truth, die for it
On the road, feeling like Mike Jordan
Anybody wanna hate, pass 'em the collection plate
Tell 'em tithe more
Now my phone blowing up like ring
Like ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring
Ring, bling, bling, bling, bling
That drip on the Hype Beast, glowing up
Name the time and the place, I'm showing up
I just got back from a weekend
I wish that could happen again, ain't no slowing up
IMG be the team, ain't no need to question whether who the best and wants it more?
I gave 'em 44, now here's 44 more