[Verse 1: Cres]

Just...give the mic B, I might be, sí, una sorpresa, a tí te pesa, man I´m riding a beat, what cha doing?
Yo estoy en casa, en el coche, currando, bailando, follando, sonando; you´re bout to get ruined!!
I´m a restless man. You can´t imagine how much damage I can do wit a pen. No paro quieto. Estás sujeto al Boom Clap, el secreto? gotta work-work..word!!! que le follen al real decreto!!!

[Verse 2: Fresh Daily]

Back at it again
Leaving back-stabbers for dead, asthmatics gaspin for wind
I´m that nasty!!!
Mira tío, I´ll beat up the beat & skate
In Rio wit a chica mas fina feeding me grapes
Wit my feet up, chanclas in the sand. Un tia buena, yerba buena, now you understand
Overseas making grands
You can see the plan
I´m a different breed of man, don´t compete against, no!!

[Hook: Cres]

Oh oh, oh oh, solo traigo fuego. With my man Fresh, we´re the next level, Hey! Así es como esta la cosa. Paso del "nosa, nosa", where the hoes at? Están ahí, ahí, aquí y allí. Está petao'. They´re all over the place B!!! Así que dí que sí, get in the zone yo! Dí que si. Get up on this bitch, here´s where you gotta be!!!

[Verse 3: Fresh Daily]

Oye, yo soy el capitan, numero uno, with beautiful mind. My crew is so brutal, not the usual kind. And more crucial bag two at a time
It´s like voodoo, except i´m move so sublime, you ain´t used to it, no!!! How a dude be shooting his lines, stay true to my rhymes in the studio, cue up the beat, then I kill ´em. They´re newly deceased
And it ain´t new to them. I'm ruling the streets. vale!

[Verse 4: Cres]

Somos la rima, la disciplina-el clímax. oh, oh my god, tu novia traga más que las cabinas
Estoy con Angelina encima, el huracán Katrina. Estás tocao, yo, vivo enganchao a la adrenalina
Really? Claro. Se mueven con descaro, the chix, tu eres como el cuerpo de un clic, limitado
Limited, then make sure you click the link. Download, is insane the shit we bring, Damnnnnn!!

[Hook: Cres]

Oh oh, oh oh, solo traigo fuego. With my man Fresh, we´re the next level, Hey! Así es como esta la cosa. Paso del "nosa, nosa", where the hoes at? Están ahí, ahí, aquí y allí. Está petao. They´re all over the place B!!! Así que dí que sí, get in the zone yo! Dí que si. Get up on this bitch, here´s where you gotta be!!!

[Verse 5: Cres]

Mira mira como voy bboy, yeah I´m a rude boy, I get it up, dile a Rihanna donde estoy. Te lo he dicho en el primer verso, si eso luego le mando un mensaje de texto y le confirmo porque ahora mismo hay un lío, hay un lío..eh eeeeeehhh!!! copas por los aires, alguien se ha bebido un río.... Un océano y tres lagos. yo? Soy el Cres One, one of the best son y esto es lo que hago!!! oouuuuu...