[Cres: Verse 1]

I came to get it back, set it back and make you shake it!
En fin...I see an opportunity and I take it. Ye ye, ye ye...
A gusto como Diós manda, en casa: palmeras y playa; me encanta. Ya te digo...
Me asomo, carteles de se vende y alquilo!
Salgo a correr una hora y estiro...
Luego me ducho y me vuelvo a poneeer, jodeeer! El tiempo me devora cuando escribo...
No, no, no van a podeeeeer conmigo!!
Estoy aquí pa' disfrutar y curro pa' comeeeer, amigo...
Dame jamón, dame 5 jotas de esa pata negra
No, no quiero coca, la droga es una puta viuda negra!!
Dime cuantos? Bueno va dime 3...
Que sean así de versatiles
You´re crazy? Mad crazy!
Cats spit, but they don´t say shit!
Can´t face me, yeah it is amazing...face it!! Huuuuuuuuuuuu

[Hook / Estribillo]
Man I just wanna get it right
I was in the tunnel but I see the light, the light...
Thank you for this shit, so dope´s getting me so high!!!
And, I just wanna get it right
I was in the tunnel but I see the light
Gotta go out there with the eyes wide open and live the life!!! live the life!!

[Cres: Verse 2]
I´m so clean and fresh
Like Andre3000 y Big Boi, man the scene is a mess
Oh yess Guess who´s got it?
I´m living the life dawg, you know I´m all about it, got style!
And a lotta things to say
Woke up with a big smile another day
Worked hard and I found the way...
It´s a fact that when I release this shit, some of ya gonna hate!!
(why) why? Ni lo sé ni me importa
Coz when I write or spit on the mic, shit´s la bomba!
The feeling is so sweet
The beat, I´m killing it softly
The heat, who´s bringing it? We
Me and Ill, Ill and me
We feed your ears with quality rap, guaranteed
Aha, garantizado...What a synergy!!
Un español y un filipino, you see?
Our identity?
It´s good music, no uzis
Just happiness, love and pussy
When you stick your dick in it and it feels juicy...
It feels so good baby!!
Tú si que sabes, me dice una voz interna. Mientras te miro la entrepierna
Love is blind, sex blinds you...you don´t see me coz I´m behind you!!

Hook / Estribillo
Man I just wanna get it right
I was in the tunnel but I see the light, the light...
Thank you for this shit, so dope´s getting me so high!!!
And, I just wanna get it right
I was in the tunnel but I see the light
Gotta go out there with the eyes wide open and live the life!!! live the life!!