[Sample]
Girl, you think you've had loving? (Yeah!)
Girl, you think you've had fun? (Yeah!)
Well, girl, you ain't seen nothin' (Yeah!)
'Til I come along, yeah!

[Intro]
I don't mean to be greedy, or steal your moment
But, sometimes, I just got to rap circles around motherfuckers
It's Hoodie, baby!

[Verse 1]
Ok, I don't really mean to be superficial
Don't want to talk about the women and money I got
Getting beautiful women is not the issue
Cause the women only coming when the money is hot
I'd rather be living my dream than be living a lie
Homie everywhere you be going you be killing the vibe
It's like you walk in the room and the people get quiet
We ain't talking bout you, we just want to be private
My shit fly like a personal jet, I'm earning respect
From every single person I met
You always looking in the mirror, you should learn to reflect
You're old news, all we rap about is current events
So if you started having doubts bout your relevance
Change your name to my name for the hell of it
So you can reap the benefits of being fucking jealous
I'm the only one in the damn room like an elephant
*elephant noise*
(Haha everyone else is quiet
You understand? Let's go)

[Verse 2]
Tell me I'm fire, I'm better than that
Say I'm a liar, I never been that
Homie keep trying
You wallet is on a permanent diet, it's never been fat
That shit is science
My shit apply to every motherfucker out there who try
You should retire
Blame it on Tommy and cry to your mommy you never been fly
Rappers pretending it's all black and white
But I ain't got time for that clean shit
Oh, you'd rather be James Dean?
I would rather be me, bitch!
Damn, I'm just being honest
You don't usually wear those big ass glasses
The Internet's forever
Deep breath

[Verse 3]
I'm talking this and that, this and that
Identical twins, homie that's a sister act
You like riff and raff but that's piss and trash
I'm at the top of the game like aristocrats
Got a vision and I'm gonna finish it
Watch all these haters go beg for their innocence
You talking shit there will be no forgiveness
Writing in permanent ink on the internet
Swallow your words never assume
People keep talking cause that's what they do
As long as they talking bout me and not talking bout you
Let's let the talking resume
Let's just assume you jealous of me though
No necesito, amigos
I'm all on my own like a free throw
Bout to make white girl money with burritos

[Interlude 1]
What the fuck?!
(Shouts to Chipotle, shouts to Chipotle)
Last verse, though

[Verse 4]
Shit's so hot that you got to rewind it
New York City's finest on the diamond
I'm Nolan Ryan when I wind up
You strike out and I'm making hits without even trying
There's no denying, I'm making noise like a siren
Every hungry motherfucker want a little piece
Fall back homie when I kill it on the beat
Got a shorty in the west and wifey in the east
Bitches just visit me after my shows
All of their clothes go invisibly, just like a cloak
Homie, you're talking that wizardry
Best rapper out there, I mean that shit literally

[Interlude 2]
But, literally though! Ha ha!
Girl, you think you've had fun?
Let me finish

[Outro]
You got Costco raps I'm a commodity
These people buy my songs, wear my clothes
Come to shows, go online and follow me
(That's first-team, bitch!)
Hoodie