(Beep)

(Dubbz)
Yo squeege man, I seen your message on MySpace ... and that shit's pissin' me the fuck off. Yo call me the fuck back. We need to talk this shit out man. Don't do what I think your doin .... Yo squeege man ....CALL ME THE FUCK BACK!

(Beep)

(Beat Drops)

Stuck on a bench somewhere in a ghetto where I'm not from
High as the mountains
Lookin like a toothpick
Caught in the matrix off of 2 sticks
And some diesel more sour than tainted seafood
Don't remember where I've been or where I'm headed
Just glad I still got all money and not naked
Like the last time butt ass xannied out in  ..... Crib guess she was anxious to peek and see what I was working with
Abuse my services
My thoughts run in circles kid
Clown nigga oddity lingered where the circus is
Or was
My imaginations on drugs
Losin' track of time
Couldn't think of what day it was
Bar rage buggin' on everybody I loved
Tossing chairs falling down stairs
Feeling a cut
Around food but i wanted a oxy for lunch
Robotic movements you would swear I was high off the dust
Mixing these meds with my liquor
Working on kidney failure if it dont errupt my liver
Been passed out for 3 days haven't been to work so I won't be paid
And when I'm with a shorty fuck and tell her ass to be safe
Puttin' on clothes on her way out
Crushin' up my pills in my weed gives it taste now
Spaced out
Friends would call me but my phone kept ringin
Was tryna reach for it but a nigga never made
My cousin wanna go and see movie said I'll take her
Callin' apologizin' like 24 hours later
Was a hot mess
Almost od'd
Started the fight shit
If Dubbz wasn't there would set my home up in fire
If anybody said I had problems I would deny them
Demons in the back of my head
Wasn't inspired
Till that night I almost died from the seroquel and the nyquil
Smoking on some saliva intermixed with the loudness
Couldn't feel a thing as I'm leanin' off the couch seat

Shit

(Man 1): Yo, My nigga that shit was off the chain B
(Man 2): Word son. That shit was lit my nigga
(Squeegie O in background mumbling)
(Man 1): Yo son, You iight?
(Man 2): Nah he good. He just trippin', he in the matrix B
(Man 1): I don't know son, that nigga lookin hurt to me man
(Man 2): I mean, he be iight though. He look iight. Man, the nigga just high man. He just need to sit down and relax man
(Man 1): Nah son, That nigga ain't right at all, I'm tellin' you man. That nigga look like he bout to fall all over the muthafucfuckin' place
(Man 2): Nah son, trust me my nigga
You iight, Right my nigga?
(Squeegie O continues mumble)
(Man 2): My nigga? My nigga!!
(Squeegie O falls)
(Man 1): OH SHIT!!!

(Beat stops and sample plays)
Down, down, down, down, grav-i-tyyyy

(Sample stops and new beat begins)

(Man 1): Yo, wake up ... YO SQUEEGE WAKE THE FUCK UP MAN
Yo man, I think this niggas dead my nigga
(Both men get into argument, Squeegie O narrates)

At the point and time where I needed god, this is definitely one of them for real man. I needed to snap back for real. I think I got it. Just not sure yet, but either way I was fuckin' up in life for real for real

(Man 2): Look out for the nigga man. Just look out for the nigga
(Man 1): Nah for real get this nigga together b he's Fallin' the fuck apart
(Man 2): Yo just chill b .... don't sit the fuck down and chill go get the nigga some water man for real man
(Man 1): Ight

(Squeegie O)

Heart beatin' out of my chest
Pupil's dilated like I argued with death
Couldn't move a lick, slowly walking in steps
Damn there busted my lip from bumpin' into a Bench
I had 20 dollars and 10 of that's gone
Couldn't  tell you honestly what I done spent it on
Thought I dressed nice, Looking like fresh bum
3x tee, Girbaud jeans down to my nuts
With some 13 's I tried to keep clean but they was scuffed
Weightin' in at 133 I'm skippin lunch
Cotton mouth Bend off half of a xan and a couple blunts
Steady runnin' but I couldn't tell you what  Im running from
Lost and couldn't shake it
Momma ain't seen me in days plus my phones a prepaid haven't made payments
Wis said I missed 3 days, Ain't tryna pay me
Plus Dan couldn't stand my black ass would say he hate me
Any money made went to studio sessions
Damn there miss em if dubbz didn't run and come get me
I was angry and I'm fighting myself the inner demons
Smoking blunts and Mackin on pills To change my feelings
Didn't wanna talk to nobody, Yea I'm good
Cause the only nigga who understand me is my book
Had a few friends I sat on the bench wit occasionally
Sayin my nigga get out the hood you can make it
Cause these niggas that they putting on now don't really say shit
If you left the drugs alone you'd be God in the makin'
Then lounge put me on, My 1st indie feature
Treat me like fam , Shout the boomer when you see a nigga
I had a plan, Blurrin' my vision couldn't see it nigga
Thanks to the xan
But in order to proceed
I had to stop living fuckin life like a dope fiene
And dee had my back tried to guide me and love me
Started Makin sense once the brains off substance
Had desire to conquer the world if I could clutch it
One day at a time
More wordplay and creative style in rhyme
Different art when painted out of my mind
Thought for a minute that I was gonna die
Too busy chasing a high livin my life I wanted to cry
But
God put folks around you for reasons
Blur seen the potential just as humble as he is
The edge of no bread was a flop but was proof
If I focus and get better the music steady improves

(Squeegie O talks in the studio with friends)

Word son, so
I was like yo, that's when I realized like, Yo I was really fuckin' the fuck up my nigga like I was done son. Was out here lookin like fuckin like I was out here smokin' rocks my nigga (laughter). I couldn't remember the days of the week my nigga (layin' on couches?) I was laying on couches my nigga passed the fuck out but Yo my nigga I had to realize I had to get my shit together my nigga (at lest you didn't wake up on a park bench with a bumper sticker on you head)
Nah son, I almost did 1 time son that shit's not even funny yo (laughter) nahhh, that shit's not funny son but Yo, i mean you live and you learn my nigga but you know, you got the will power you get your shit together, you change yourself and that's the beauty of life