[Intro]
Bought a drop top Porsche, about to cut the top off
Trappin' is a sport young nigga get ya knocked off
Hol' up

[Chorus]
Turbo switchin' lanes, Hublot switch your watch
Trappin' switch the spots, when you're runnin' hot
Feet on the gas (gone) trappin’ dem bags (Pluto)
Run up a sack (gone) and never look back
Shorty got miles on her, I’m about to spaz in it (boom boom)
I ran it up fast (zoom zoom) I ran it up fast (money machine)
I ran it up fast (money machine) I ran it up fast (money machine)
I ran it up fast (money machine) I ran it up fast

[Verse 1]
I secure the bag first, I'm ready to boast
I secure the bag first, I'm full of that dope
Courtside with a mink, Pee Wee Kirkland in the sink
Five karats, one link, both hands full of ink
Money drying in your hand, wrap the bale in Saran
My yellow bitch want a tan, I just landed from Japan
Tokyo and Korea, Panamera to the Lear
Yellow mellow with the gold, fishscale with these hoes
Mossberg, I’m drinkin’ mud, put a hit out on a dub
Bought my lil’ nigga 12 slugs just to shine bright when he mug
I just bailed out ol' Buice, 20 pills goin’ hyphy
Oh you lookin’ real icy, boy you know you nothin’ like me

[Chorus]
Turbo switchin' lanes, Hublot switch your watch
Trappin' switch the spots, when you're runnin' hot
Feet on the gas (gone) trappin’ dem bags (Pluto)
Run up a sack (gone) and never look back
Shorty got miles on her, I’m about to spaz in it (boom boom)
I ran it up fast (zoom zoom) I ran it up fast (money machine)
I ran it up fast (money machine) I ran it up fast (money machine)
I ran it up fast (money machine) I ran it up fast

[Verse 2]
I gave her the raw lean
They sound like my offsprings
Nitro gasoline
Bought some more money machines
Bring out a brand new machine
I bought a whole lot of bling
Treat me like Weezy and Baby
Treat me like Mannie and Turky
I was the Juve with work on me
I had to cop it and purchase
I put more ice in the Date today
Rockin’ these Prezzies and Cartier
I got it in flooded and plain Jane
I made my young niggas insane
Crunchin’ them Xans up and then drink
Get you a Draco and then crank it
Saudi Arabian, Ben Franklin
Leave it to me, they would’ve been stained ‘em
Saditty in back, we done got acquainted
You see the dash? They gotta see me
I ran it up fast, they can’t see me
I wasn't surfin' with you
I buy them Birkins for you
I go to surgery with you

[Chorus]
Turbo switchin' lanes, Hublot switch your watch
Trappin' switch the spots, when you're runnin' hot
Feet on the gas (gone) trappin’ dem bags (Pluto)
Run up a sack (gone) and never look back
Shorty got miles on her, I’m about to spaz in it (boom boom)
I ran it up fast (zoom zoom) I ran it up fast (money machine)
I ran it up fast (money machine) I ran it up fast (money machine)
I ran it up fast (money machine) I ran it up fast

[Podcast Skit: Got It All-Got It All]
Hahahahah, ahhh, shit!
Got it all back, baby
God damn, welcome to Cap City Records internet podcast, baby
Where we make dreams come true
The first five callers that call in right now, man
We gone have you the rapper starter kit
Oh my god! It comes with the Cap City contract
Which is a 12 album, nine year deal
We gone take some calls; the boards lightin' up right now
Look, take a call, caller?

Yeah, that deal; we need that!
Yeah, we need that
Yeah, we need that shit, dat way! nigga, yeah!
(gunshot and and assault rifle sounds)
This way, nigga! Yeah!
We need that deal, nigga

What? What you say, young man?
I keep it on me!
Hold on, fella!
(gunshot and assault rifle sounds)
I'm sayin'; I can't hear you
Is there a shoot out?
What's goin' on, young fella?
Lil' Draco in this bitch!
Lil' Extendo in this bitch! yeah yeah
Yeah (gunshots)

You just won a Cap City Records contract, man
Listen here, baby
Lil' Draco! Lil' Extendo! Congratulations, baby; y'all won

Yeah, nigga, yeah
Cap City man what's up
Six months, man we got that shit
12 albums, man we got that shit
Yeah nigga, yeah
I'm finna shoot everything up
Bow bow bow bow bow
Yeah nigga, yeah what's up nigga
We need that! (mimicking gunshot noises)