[Hook x2]
Is you?
Is you?
Bitch nigga, is you?
You never know when you might have to put some work in

[Verse 1: Dee Goodz]
As I chill, hit the blunt with my left, write with my right
Experimenting, tryna see how I will get by the night
'Til my mans came and hit me to that steelo
Told me that it's way too much money for us to getting zero
Now I'm Don Vito, hip to the script, which ones [?]
I plot for paper, and mount some pixels up in your TV
Brings the salt in your shaker, questing to get the cake up
I'm on that villain tip, like I'm Clifford Harris in Takers
Two dope boys have got it shaking in mecca
Shit, my favorite quote to a bitch, chill before I next ya
Chill before the schedules, travel back to where I met ya
Talk crazy I can't let ya, you ain't even nothing special
Killer flow with you, all through your favorite logo
Bape polo turn waffle color out of soco
My Brooklyn niggas put me on though, y'all niggas loco
My niggas local, respect the global
Breaking down reefer and swishers with Swedish bitches
Tell her "roll this while I handle this business, holla when finished"
Couple beats still on my hit list
This is what happens when you call to leave 'em swimming with the fishes
Is you down?

[Hook x2]
Is you?
Is you?
Bitch nigga, is you?
You never know when you might have to put some work in

[Verse 2: Da$H]
You niggas acting, are you active
Internet thugs, you wreak of catfish
I cross the atlas, study the sabbath with a young Toni Braxton
Getting lit in a six the color of hash brick
Sergio Tacchini jacket, money under the mattress
I hit the blunt, exhale the casper, then I disappear after
Influential like a crooked pastor
All of this money that I'm looking after
Sport the shorts made from velociraptor, feel the rapture
Not looking at ya bitch, I'm looking past ya
As I evade the capture, federalis never got me, god body
Belly of the beast, I'm down like Tommy Brown
In a tux, I threw a bump up off the diamond cufflink
Rhyming covered in a tough mink
The white Remy for the tough drink
I only fuck her if the pussy dumb pink
Then I threw up in the sink, like fuck it
Yeah, bitches love it, think nothing of it
Hz, bitch

[Hook]
Is you?
Is you?
Bitch nigga, is you?
You never know when you might have to put some work in