[Intro: Retch]
Ay, I woke up in a bitch shit and I get real cozy, real quick
I kick my feet up on her motherfucking end table
Kick my shoes off and all that, like fuck it, nah mean?
I get real cozy, that's just how I do it, you feel me?
I like to feel at home at your home, so that's how I'ma do
Yeah, like, HeirGang Fast Money

[Verse 1: Retch]
Yo, I said Raw paper roll up, Dutchess what I prefer
Fucking with my Cali nigga's got me on them Swishers
Shouts my nigga C Plus, I think I know what heaven is
With three bitches that I met at the 2Chainz show and they oh so generous
They cook me and my homies breakfast, we just roll the weed up
It's a mutual relationship, I'm Lampin' with my feet up
Polo to my socks nigga, and everything above
Along with my nigga's, and this money, and this weed, it's the only thing a young nigga love
But shout-outs to the bitches, I fucks with you from afar
I'm only nineteen, can't even get into the place where I'm supposed to perform
Of course I'm getting in though, smelling like some indo
Smellin' like some endo, so I'm watching the shit from the motherfucking window
Yeah, yeah, whatever, I'm 'Lo just like my sweater
From the stages to the radio, these days is getting better
I'm packing up my suitcase cause I'm leaving for some days
Leave the [?] with my lil homie, still gotta get this pay-per

[Interlude: Da$H]
So, I walked up in this bitch house you know
Kick my J's off, get real cozy on a bitch, you nah mean?
She told she ain't smoke cigarettes or what-not
Her roommate didn't like the smoke
But I lit my 'Port up in that motherfucker, you know?
Put my house shoes on, took my jeans off, you nah mean?
Sat in my boxers, had some orange juice out of the carton, um
Told her her make some tacos for me and my niggas
We having some company, yeah
*yawns*

[Verse 2: Da$H]
Roll over around noon and my dick hard
It end up in her mouth, I'm dumping OG in my cigar
Bitch nigga's thinking they Aladdin with this rapping
Knock you off your flying carpet, yes motherfucker I'm Jefar
The bad guy, mad high, ain't paying for your cab ride
I'm air born, that's past fly, shrooms make shit look tie dye
Smoking on la-la, your bitch call me da-da
Say that my brain is strange and I'm going insane so I'm spitting that sci-fi
Randy Savage; off a couple bars, I double count my cabbage
Tell Elizabeth "go get the car, I'm too drunk too manage"
Haters can't stand it, grab a seat up in this motherfucker
Relax my limps and roll up my blunts bigger than stocking stuffers
Ain't came down in 'bout a month, I puff a lot my brother
Do drugs a lot my brother, one substance on top of others
YNRE don't ever disrespect it
Catch a nigga in the club and beat him 'til they stop the record
Yeah so

[Outro: (Retch) & Da$H]
(Ay, I'm finna start testing niggas cozy man, nah mean?
Niggas talking that cozy shit man)
Talking 'bout they relaxing they limps bruh
(I ain't even really too sure how cozy nigga's is getting)
Cause you walking up in that motherfucker witch your toes out, you feel me?
You nah mean? walking around in a robe, you feel me?
Drinking out the carton like you paying the light bill, you feel me?
(Cozy bruh) You nah mean? shout-out wavy bone (real cozy)
Indian style, nah mean? we have no legs
V-12 in the wheelchair bruh bruh, you already know my nigga
(Getting real cozy on a bitch, man, finna get cozy on a bitch right now)
Right now