(Somebody's pulling me close to the ground. I can sense, but I can't see. I ain't panicked, I been here before. Don't take me to no hospital please, fuckin' emergency rooms don't save nobody. Some bitches always pop you at midnight when all they got is a Chinese intern with a dull spoon. Look at these suckers, scramblin' around, what for? My ass ain't supposed to have made it this far)

(Da$H)
Snatch is all about your body like the Highlander
Bed sheets made from the finest panther
Inhale the cancer
Tell her answer
Erotic dancer suck the camp up
Referred to as a stand up
Tan tux
Brown tie
Suede shoes like my name was Ace
High in the lobby of the Tangiers
When they look they see the man here
See the plane don't have no landing gears
I park it at the dock then jump aboard the yacht
Pour the (?) and roll the finest California crop
In celebration of my soarin' stock
We made it
Pissin' greatness
Build a moat around the estate
Buy a hatin' bitch a face-lift
Take your daughter off on a date, shit
It's me and Harry Belafonte out in Pompeii
Watch 'em carve my statue while I eat the flambe
Smokin' the bomb haze
Short head after a long day

(I'm reloaded! Okay!)

($ha Hef)
Check my aura, I'll even score off the bench
Ralph Lauren black label trench
Stranded at the border with your daughter
Found the soil with the (?)
Search the pussy found a quarter of the hemp
But fuck it though
My bucket low and I'm still Polo to my underclothes
James Harton, how I'm quick to let that thunder go
See through these nights I've fucked their wives of all my adversaries
Some I cart and some I had to bury
Dig the holes, see some I had to carry
Bought the judge a car and tip the jury
Swear that codeine keep my vision blurry
Gun powder my cologne
Wilin' in that coupe Deville
Rugar's peel
Get that money tooth and nail
Shoot to kill
My resemblance is striking
Sail across the seas like a viking
Mob is right beside my like a hyphen
Masterati with the pipin'
Whip it with no licesnse
Wife her for the night and knock the pussy out like Tyson

(Come on in here motherfuckers! Come on I'm waiting for ya!)

(Man-Z)
Let me get my shit off, it's so much so say
So much rain and I thought you niggas knew my ways
Now them days I done spent to increase my pay
Mama said it's more money when you switch them things
So I switch my plates and eat different see different
Can't judge a book but I always read different
Went a new route so I might seem different
But I'm still man-z, I just blow trees different
Dutch after dutch, some say I steam different
Cause my mind think (?), so I might lean different
Love my (?), but she on that shit
Don't wanna speak so soon, but she on that shit
And my fam gon' deny it, but I'm on that strip
In the summer with a (?) like it's fuckin' (?)
That shit, I ain't feelin' it
Plus a nigga (?) it
So I put the (?) with no fingertips, I'm sealin' it
Cuzzo stay strong cause your babymom's killin' shit
Did my nigga dirty, when he wonder (?) feelin' it
This shit realer than you think
So that Henny or that Remy be that remedy to drink
Bugged out
Niggas soft with they chest out
Worried 'bout my team, give a fuck what the rest 'bout
They been my fam since the trap house
So if they need me know I'm shootin' like Stackhouse
(?) with the mac out
That's just the life of a young man
Gettin' older and growin' while I'm working on God's plans
Real humble like
In the jungle with a (?) trained to rumble like
And it's nothin' nice
Yo that's all I got

(I mean look at me. You got everything man. Come on. Fucking diapers man! I got fucking diapers! I shit my pants everyday! I can't walk, I can't hump. You know? Go on and kill me you cocksucker!)