[Verse 1: Trina]
Yeah, I figured you would play me
Real rap, I kinda figured you would shade me
Man, this shit is really crazy
You lyin' to my face, but how you love me on the daily?
Shit, I took pride in you, nigga
Shotgun, only one to ride for you, nigga
I cook, clean, even provide for you, nigga
Took my dreams and I put 'em to the side for you, nigga
What I get?  Nuttin' at all
Instead of pickin' it up, you was duckin' my call
Instead of callin' the shots, you was hittin' the bar
Clown nigga do anything to fuck with a star
Shit, how'd I fall for your slick ass
Insecure, chauvinistic, evil lil' dick ass
Yeah, do anything just to get back
The time, money and effort I spent on your bitch ass
Yeah, and who these bitches you be fuckin' with?
Never catch me with a new crew on some other shit
Call me out my name, you mistake me for another bitch
Your mother, bitch, I'll pop a nigga on some sucka shit
Yeah, you made your bed, sleep peacefully
No hard feelings, when you see me just don't speak to me
Yeah, could give a fuck about you missin' me
You stupid muthafucka shoulda had the common decency!

[Hook: Nia]
Who-o-o-o-a yeah
I'm tired of playin' this game with you
You say you out of the door
Fuck is you waitin' for?
Redemption
Leave what you came with
Leave what you came with
I won't miss ya
You don't deserve my love!

[Verse 2: Ballgreezy]
First of all, watch ya muhfuckin' tone
Ain't nuthin' 'bout me pussy and you know what I'm on
(Huh) When we met, I admit you had more (had more)
Two cars and the crib double floors (All right)
Don't be actin' like I ain't had you spoiled
'Cause, bitch, you ain't meet me poor!
In the mall every day, you was tearin' up the stores
Now my dick little and I'm insecure?
Why?  Bitch you fie
If it wasn't for probation, probably slap you down
But you know that ain't me, my style
Even though this our house, but I get out, huh?
I was the nigga that you vented to
[?] shit and you old, you forgot that?
Talkin' down on a nigga to the same bum bitch who tried to give me some pussy, oh you forgot that?
Well, you gon' learn about listenin' to bitches who couldn't keep a nigga if a nigga wanted to be kept
But you gon' feel it in the end when you in the house and look around and realize you livin' by yaself!
You will never find another like I
G-code, gettin' money or fly
This whole shit was a waste of time
But yo' loss, baby, it ain't mine
I'm gone!

[Hook: Nia]
Who-o-o-o-a yeah
I'm tired of playin' this game with you
You say you out of the door
Fuck is you waitin' for?
Redemption
Leave what you came with
Leave what you came with
I won't miss ya
Who-o-o-oah!

[Outro: Nia]
Nigga, don't act, don't need you
Told ya, bitch, I don't see you
It's funny how what go around come around (Comes around)
Mama said that I'm the best, come around (Come around)
Nigga, don't act, don't need you
Told ya, bitch, I don't see you
[?] you, nigga, like *SKRRT*
You don't wanna fuck around wit' [?] *WORK!*
Who-o-o-o-a yeah
I'mma [?] that work
I'mma [?] that work
Who-o-o-o-a
You don't wanna fuck with me
You dun' bodied out on me
Yeah, yeah, yeah
I don't hate you
I don't want you
Who-o-o-o-oah b-b-b-boy
I'mma [?] that work
I'mma [?] that work