[Trina]
Ay Rero

[Rero]
What's happening?

[Trina]
Look out da window. See that fucked nigga riding down the street in that Jag?

[Rero]
Yeah, yeah what about him?

[Trina]
That's da lick right there

[Rero]
So what you sayin'?

[Trina]
I can get his bread, take all his dough

[Rero]
Then bitch go head, what you waiting for?

[Trina]
The right time I'm a get it all I'm telling ya
This ain't no bullshit I'm selling ya
Straight off the boat, good dope I'm telling ya
Nigga no joke if you revoke, I'm bailin' ya
If shit get to hot I'm Makavalian ya
Is you down for da plot?

[Rero]
Now you know I ain't failin' ya but any tricks bitch
With the flame I'm sweatin' ya cause you're a slick bitch
I can see the Hell in ya, I'm tellin' ya no games
Nah nigga, straight up we can split da weight up fifty, fifty
60-40, deal? Yeah, you sure, damn real that's still 6 digits

So what da nigga name, Stingy, he pack plenty
He got any friends, not so many he hang with one man
He got a name? Lock toting gun man, you heard of him?
Nah, but I know just the nigga to murder him
The ex-con I know named Bong, psycho Vietnam

Vet who owe me a bet, when you wanna set it up?
Now nigga, I know where he at right now nigga
Well shit, hand me the phone, Bong, Bong
What up nigga? It's on, where it's at?
I've been waiting for this type of lick

Enough of that shit, let's do something quick
Rapper, go and shoot something, it's time to get paid
Well,bitch call him and see where he at
Nigga, I told you I knew where the nigga was at right now
Nigga, you think I'm playin' give me the phone
Hold up, hold up be quiet

Hello, what's up boo? What's happening?
Nothing, I was just thinkin' 'bout you
I wanted to know if I could come see you tonight
What you think? You ain't even have to ask me no shit like that
Hold on baby, let me see who this is on the other line

What up nigga let's go get that fill, yey, what up Pull? Cowboy
Hold on Pull, I got this bitch on the other line
Damn nigga, what the fuck you had me on hold for so long?

Who the fuck you think I am En Vogue, nigga?
So what you gon' let me come through or what?
Damn, it ain't gotta be all of that someone out there
Come through about 8, shit, alright I'll see you when I get there

What'cha say, yo? I got a bad ass bitch on the way yo
Who dat? A bitch named Trina, I met her at the mall
Ya should've seen her, hold up, red ho push a beamer
Oh nigga, you know the ho, yeah, that ho'll set you up boy
She all for it, I could never fall for it

Nah, never say never yo, she a little cover ho
Set niggas up for they cheddar, yo but I'm a lot better though
Boy I'm tellin' ya, she'll wet niggas up with what the pussy
Nigga, I ain't stupid over no harmless ho

You ain't listening yo, she bustin' more than nuts
Besides you barely know that slut
What don't think she know about the blow and the blow
And the G's and the G's and the shit from overseas

Well, if it come down to that, then I'm a squeeze
And since you feel like that, I'll keep the pistol
With the bitch on her knees, I'm still coming over there
Whatever yo she with that freak shit
I ain't on that creep shit, I'm coming to peep shit
Oh, nigga where you at? I'm down the street shit

Hold on Pull, I think that's the bitch at the door there, who dat?
It's me nigga, hold on, damn what the fuck took you so long?
What you was out a town or something? It's all good though
As long as you brought that phat ass with ya
Close the door, close the door, hold up
Fuck nigga, you ain't heard, I'm da baddest bitch