[Intro]
Ayo Drew, turn mah mic up
Cause I want these muthafuckas to hear me
I see you rap bitches talking real slick in the magazines
I'm the same bitch your man want and yo' best friend's a Trina fan
Hahah y'all bitches funny to me
You know what?
I feel like playin'
I'm in the air, I don't hear bitches corny raps
The baddest bitch is back
The baddest bitch is back

[Hook]
What's beef?
Beef is when bitch titties lookin' like they sleep
Beef is when her clothes lookin' like dirty sheets
Beef is when I help you sell the records just like I do, now that's beef
What's beef?
Beef is when these hoes say mah name in the streets
Beef is when they fame only last a few weeks
Beef is when I help you sell the records just like I do, now that's beef

[Verse 1]
Mah blades been sharp, mah spades been played with this one
But nuh uh, this ain't a game with this one
See, I'mma put some hoes to shame so listen
I done seen a lot of lame but it's a shame that this one
You see the problem is I used to like Khia til you started
Jumpin' on the dick with Trick and doin' all of my leftover shit
Now yous a scam, What's up? You get the leftover hits
Bitch get on the bandwagon or get left over bitch
Can't believe the Baddest Bitch whipped this drunk ass bitch
Her slay titties havin', fake Lauryn Hill ass bitch
Move to Georgia cause in Florida, you wasn't hittin' on shit
Now you's a mess ho, that's why they cut you out yo' own video
You dissin' for promo and dissing me is a no-no
I'm the queen of rings riches and dough ho
But back to the promo, yo I'mma still try and help you out
Ay y'all I'm talking bout Khia, dirty bitch of the south

[Hook]
Now what's beef?
Beef is when bitches titties lookin' like they sleep
Beef is when her clothes lookin' like dirty sheets
Beef is when I help you sell the records just like I do, now that's beef
What's beef?
Beef is when these hoes say mah name in the streets
Beef is when they fame only last a few weeks
Beef is when I help you sell the records just like I do, now that's beef

[Verse 2: Fake BG]
Yo' neck and you' back bitch, you know you was wrong
And "K Wang" ho? I ain't even like that song
Oh is all of this just over some dick?
I told you in my debut, Best Friends, I do five or six
Enough of that bitch, I got some other shit to address
About some pussy ass niggas with mah name in they tracks
Sayin' (Trina fucked Baby now she fuckin' Lil' Wayne)
You niggas snitchin on your records, fuckin' up a bitch name
You wouldn't do that to a nigga so why you do it to me?
You sounding like a ho nigga, why you slandering T?
Cause yous a Cash Money reject, a ninth ward soldier
Keep fuckin' with that boy and you gonna end up in a coma
And what about the waterboy, kid the silly
Last I heard you ain't even from Philly
So nigga keep the bitch women and let the players handle this shit
Cause you just dissin' for a deal but I'm dissing with the real, Yup

[Hook]
Now what's beef?
Beef is when the dope make a nigga fall asleep
Beef is when you sound like a muthafuckin' sheep (Ba Ba)
Beef is when I help you sell records just like I do, now that's beef
What's beef?
Beef is when a street nigga beefin' with a chick
Beef is when you brag on another nigga's dick
Beef is when I help you sell records just like I do, now that's beef, nigga

[Outro]
Fuck niggas
You niggas can't be serious
You niggas is real fuckin' funny to me
Fuck outta here