[Intro]
I'm in love with broken

[Chorus: Saba]
I'm in love with broken girls, girls, girls
Hey girl, girl, girl, girl
I'm in love with broken girls, girls, girls
Girls, girls, girls, hey girl

[Verse 1: Saba]
Really I'm broke myself, and I think she might help
Really I love a story, and I think she might tell
Really I'm not your crutch, really you're not my girl
Really she usin' me, but it's cool, we use each other
I'm in love with contemplatin' 'bout the pressure
Conversations 'bout depression
Confrontation cause we care too much about each other
We know it ain't permanent but temporary
Releasin' your Issa Rae, insecure
Collect them like Pikachu, Venusaur
We go 'til you done or my penis sore
Sleep with the TV on then we don't speak no more
And I know when I'm with you, or maybe when you're with me
Even if I don't feel a thing, for a second I feel complete
I still'll keep in my back pocket
I know that I'm not shit, I know that it's toxic
I know that apocolypse, that was where your heart is

[Chorus: Saba]
I'm in love with broken girls, girls, girls
Hey girl, girl, girl, girl
I'm in love with broken girls, girls, girls
Girls, girls, girls, hey girl

[Verse 2: Saba]
Tread light like broken glass, really I'm not my past
Really I snatched her soul, really that's not to brag
Really when I'm alone, really I'm not that happy
Really I know you're empty but I think I can fill your glass
Fetishizing all your problems
I wanted you more since I found out you heartless
Harborin' feelins' for niggas who hurt you
Know you on the surface but not on a personal level
I play the game of hearts, missin' piece, we ain't a part
Depend on me until I'm bored
I return your heart as quick I return your call
Tables turn quicker cause after a weekend I miss ya
I don't want you but I'm conflicted
I know that back and forth yo-yo shit over with
But you gon' take me back, I'm gon' convince ya
Pain ain't never looked so temptin'
Lonely never looked so distant, we just gon' ignore the tension
You know we both not shit, I know that shit toxic

[Chorus: Saba]
I'm in love with broken girls, girls, girls
Hey girl, girl, girl, girl
I'm in love with broken girls, girls, girls
Girls, girls, girls, hey girl

[Bridge: Saba]
This whole time, been obsessed, being sad
She was my, quick escape, made me forget
Hear her speak, see her weep, made me feel big
Cry on me, she down me, treat me like shit
Second time, round two, what I learned
She wasn't mine, that wasn't love, I wasn't hers
I'm not hurt, anymore, took some time
Found a girl, now I'm hers, and she mine
And she make me, feel whole, heal me
And it's, mutual, and we still in love


[Part II: Care For]

[Outro: Daoud]
Can't you care for (me, no)
Can't you care? Can't you care?
Can't you care for? (me, no)
Can't you care? Can't you care? (me, no)
Can't you care? Can't you care? (me, no)
Can't you care? Can't you care? (me, no)
Can't you care? Can't you care? (me, no)
Can't you care? Can't you care?