[Verse 1: Saba]
(Huh!)
Skydiving, hoping my pilot land and my 'chute is good
And my show went well and my cheque about to go to the hood
If I die before I can make change, 'least I made a tape
And I pray someday you're inspired by it and make your way, look
It's some legends gone so I'm paying homage, they paved the way
And them stars aligned, I know they be on, I bet they in space
I might buy a trailer, we taking this bitch across the states (Sab!)
All aboard, it's just like the Green Line, we finally off the train
Sole heir to the booth, you can let the fans take a vote
Get the bread, then take a loaf
I just put the work in then take a load, off
Gotta butter bread like some toast
Wrote a bucket list and approached
Then they said that one, like my last one
And they been waiting since my last one and look what happened, yeah, ay
'Cause I mean it, if I doubt it, then I did it
If I caught it, then I dish it, how I started, how I finish
Show a hater, that impossible's what we major
I cross another one off that paper, 'cause I don't believe in that caper

[Hook: Saba]
Ay, I come from the bottom but a nigga feeling grateful
My life wasn't fatal, swear I must got angels
I know that the sun'll come up any time the rain go
I been in the rain though, they said what I can't do
I come from the bottom but a nigga feeling grateful
My life wasn't fatal, swear I must got angels
I know that the sun'll come up any time the rain go
I been in the rain though, they said what I can't do
(Huh!)

[Verse 2: Saba]
I'm mountain climbing that's never seen on this part of town
Hot air balloon on my wedding day getting off the ground
If I'm back at school, shit I'll commute maybe try to dorm
Just wrote a book on how not to fit into social norms
I ain't never smoke, fuck it? Why not? Guess I'm trying pot
Might just say, "Fuck it," get my hair cut and say bye to locks
Yeah, yeah, this for all of my hood homies
Fuck, give in, it feel good don't it
Look at all the shit you accomplished

[Bridge: Saba]
Heard money make the world go round
Thirsty for it, hope you don't drown
I believe it, do not doubt
Head high, no, not down (Sab!)
Yeah, thinking outside them squares
Whole world know what it is
Scratching off my bucket list

[Hook: Saba]
Ay, I come from the bottom but a nigga feeling grateful
My life wasn't fatal, swear I must got angels
I know that the sun'll come up any time the rain go
I been in the rain though, they said what I can't do
I come from the bottom but a nigga feeling grateful
My life wasn't fatal, swear I must got angels
I know that the sun'll come up any time the rain go
I been in the rain though, they said what I can't do (Oh!)

[Outro: Matthew Santos]
I got a gift to give
Just like this life we're living
Only a flash across the sky
Just an increment of time
What will you do with yours? Oh
I know what to do with mine
Even when the lights go out
Still they never die

[Skit]
Hmm, alright, I knew you was gonna hit me up or whatever 'cause I know you miss me. You already know who this is. It's your ex or whatever. I ain't finna' say my name for these thirsty ass b-(bleep) but I'm gon' give you my bucket list and it consists of beating your motherf-(bleep) ass, fina-fucking-lly, with your ugly ass