[Hook: Noname]
Counterfeit black metropolis, holy optimist
Heaven sent casualty, freedom sent Harriet
Carry me to water ,daughter of daughter of vagabond
Writer’s block in L.A., L.A. should of been my baby home
He been smokin’ that loud loud loud
And I just took him molly olly olly, ooh ooh ooh, new voodoo
Sweet savannah, Africana, cocoa mocha love
Love me in the club, Love me in the basement of the church

[Verse 1: Noname]
[?] you sent a little in my middle
What’s the riddle about the rabbit in the magic pickle
Fickle about the one he love?
Love me back to Africa, candy coated lavender
You were all I need, you’re all I need

[Verse 2: Chelsea Reject]
And I just wanna know how much more I can take
I just wanna know how much more I can wait
Sandra Bland, Sandra Bland, why they ain’t just let her go?
Traffic violations, loud music, ain’t nothin’ worth your soul
Melanin skin shine, they know it’s worth more than your weight in gold
I just had to make a move, I got tired waitin’ so
All I wanted was some space
Piece of mind, just a piece of mind
See my mama cry, [?] barely gettin’ by
Just wanna know how much more I can take
Know they sleep and let ‘em know I’m awake
Edge of this cliff holdin’ on my faith
Look in this mirror, hold onto my face
Know that there’s much more to this life
So many dimensions, connection there’s more than this wi-fi
More than, like somethin’ [?] shit more important
Tryna see clear but the picture distorted
We goin’ be all right, future’s lookin’ bright
You just gotta peep the purpose deep inside
Every day’s a blessin’ every time you get to open up your eyes
Every day a message, every day I think about my adolescence
Every day I try to change, [?add a lesson?]
Every day I try to change, [?add a lesson?]

[Hook: Noname]
Counterfeit black metropolis, holy optimist
Heaven sent casualty, freedom sent Harriet
Carry me to water ,daughter of daughter of vagabond
Writer’s block in L.A., L.A. should of been my baby home
He been smokin’ that loud loud loud
And I just took a molly olly olly, ooh ooh ooh, new voodoo
Sweet savannah, Africana, cocoa mocha love
Love me in the club, Love me in the basement of the church

[Verse 3: Phoelix]
Father abolish me from valley into the valley
Shadow man ,i'm lurkin’ on hurtin' shit, wild like banshees
Spirit strong but my body weak and flimsy like branches
You a thorn you a thorn you a thorn
I wish these bills would let goes my ego, don’t give me butter
My mental got me pent up in dormitory with brother
Two up in a room, we on punishment still in heaven
Free us, fuck when it’s just us
Now we far from five and seven
Seven o’ one Hamlet, what a tragedy
Scooter ride as deep as [?], it’s so sad to see you go...
For any wish I wish the underwater rescue team
That two-on-two so undefeated
If everything is everything, then let my childhood be repeated
If you would just rewind for your boy one time
Back to the sunrise…
Before the weed, before the zanny
Hiding cigarettes from granny
Auntie in the Pontiac
Legs swingin’ in the back
Ridin’ to the barbershop
Before the braids, before the locks
[?Sail?] went from bar fade to flat top to head mop
Tell that boy to never stop
Don’t look at my tears, only how I really feel

[Hook: Noname]
Counterfeit black metropolis, holy optimist
Heaven sent casualty, freedom sent Harriet
Carry me to water ,daughter of daughter of vagabond
Writer’s block in L.A., L.A. should of been my baby home
He been smokin’ that loud loud loud
And I just took a molly olly olly, ooh ooh ooh, new voodoo
Sweet savannah, Africana, cocoa mocha love
Love me in the club, Love me in the basement of the church

[Verse 4: Saba]
Make the headline like the night crawler
Chicken Little how the sky falling
Criminal because of my calling
You’re in his image, this is my father
Say grandma tried to keep me sheltered, I mean really tried
Sick of city lights, see the police lights
They were really bright from the livin’ room, sippy cup
Baby to the city sun
Muggin’ in the daylight
Even senior citizens can get it, man
Say get a pamphlet from yo’ church
And get some henny until you blurt
And pour some liquor for yo’ man dem in the dirt
Say I don’t plan to be on Earth
For much longer cuz I’m a target
My target audience started calling me conscious
They callin’ me conscious but I’m a star like my caller i.d. respondin’
Consecutive flaskin’ content
Conjuring up the continent
Wave droppin’ like a poncho
This shit is in my pocket
Started ground up like carpet
Spend today with the sinners and tomorrow with the prophets