[Intro]
I kinda wanna put as much effort into this as you put into listening to submissions, but I don't think that would be fair to my listeners...

That's what *I* think. Yeah, that's what *I* think. I don't think *that* would be fair

[Verse]
This black boy’s afraid the white girls will find his writing and tilt their noses upward
This black boy’s afraid the white men will find his writing and tilt their noses upward
He tried to write smarter for the masses, but alas, he appeared dumber; ham-handed
But these contemplative raps can't manage to rise above the manufactured panic of plants and... them's the facts
Don’t lie to me, fucker, them’s the facts
But tell your friends that the 'no tip' him is back
And know these hacks cutting corners can't trim their fat
Fucking rappers claiming their abstract
Yeah, as if, you asshat
You're far from "deep", you're a kiddie pool
You are far from elite, beat Pewter City, tool
Besides, what’s buzz from a cyborg house fly?
Critic, keep your motherfucking "light four", count five reasons why my score in your book should ever garner more looks than the art itself
Well…?
Okay, I'll wait over here while you talk my supposed bad taste over beers
The irony; your voice is tiring
You should be stripped of it, nude entirely

What a time to consider suicide, hunh?
What a time to be niggers who can fly, hunh?
Being convinced that we have no airspace
I can’t breathe on these US airways
They know it, too, that’s why forced us in
We board, ascend, but never get to kiss the sun
You like missing our point, but never miss a pun
So, fine, jackasses; [I] guess this is Dunn

[Outro]
Talk about cabin fever...
I feel so warm, this is hell, no room to rest, no leg room, this is stale...
Someone should open a window...
Oh, yeah... *clears throat*

So...

This is your new pilot speaking. I hi-jacked the plane. My name is Abner Ormal. I'm here with your new co-pilot, R. Mark Abel. Don't be alarmed; we'll be emergency landing in The Land of Change and Promise shortly. That is my home nation

Thank you for your cooperation