[Prod. by Cam O'bi]

[Intro:]
Oh, oh ok we got some Cam O'bi, we got some Vic, alright I can do this, I can do this

[Verse: Saba]

And if I die today, my phone will stop ringin'
Like halloween or [?] how I got demons, they
Fakin' a fight it is not real, John Cena
Tell em' I'm the man, little did they know, Vow Venus
Rap meanest demeanor, fuck a page up my penis [?]
Picture from pluto, I'm on future shit that you chose
Kudos you kudos, you little dogs I'm a bigger part
I'm that unanimously called the best but I'm not bitter dog
Just better than every single little bit of y'all
Filled of frost, on that Wendy's city shit
Dropping classics on some Pac & Biggie Shit
And my pocket big [?]
Like Ash Wednesday, rap is in a basement still
Cadence that kill, savin' a lil', for
Studio time, my shit sounded like the majors with deals
On high school, on itunes comparing my shit like yo
This who y'all like dude?
Name: N.A. Badu
With the fam like Caillou, listenin' to Badu
Killa Cam and [?], watching T-Mac vs. Ivu
Yo, Poetry in motion how my haiku's movin'
Fan base universal not just high school students
Fuck a targeting audience, everybody nod to this shit
And I'm callin' it quits
If they tell me that my message lacks enough direction
I'm the voice of the city that's the fuckin' vessel
And y'all ain't bleedin enough to be competing' with us
So who better than me could literally be the leader
I'm Peter Petrelli, a hero
Good in the hood like Pelli Pelli, I'm ready to rock
Like Redman fran, drop shit like confetti
Drop bodies they deadly
Go with the flow like Levy, Levi ready, rockin' steady
Hush little baby don't you cry
Look, huh
Mockingbird, y'all gon' learn
On, top of my game, that's a surfer
M, Like clockstoppers I'm about to, go
Uh,I skipped college no honor, roll
M, that dream changed now I'm on a, roll
Like arts and crafts, I'ma make it, that's on my, soul
Like poltergeist I stick out I'm a porcupine
I'm about to be problematic for any rapper that's trying
To get money this year and the following
Huh, standing on my own ground like I'm carpeting
Car full of 5 and that's followed by 4
Uh, Travelin'? Nah, nigga D. Pivot Swole
Send in guard, send in coal
In denial up in the pose I been denied  in the post
I probably get struck or stuck, in the dough
That tennis, tennis I been in venice, I been invented
08' event that sonically make sense, until I'm senseless
That's doing numbers I'm all about business all my niggas
About to eat, devour beat like this shit so delicious!
Doctor Lipschitz, since a rugrat, on the move like hubcap
When they ask: Where yo buzz at?
I done came a long way and out a long town
Uh, I been on the waiting list the long line
Uh, steady stayin' patient I know it's alright
Cause we on top we timeless in no time
Uh, hahaha