Yeah, I feel it
Here we go...
Damn, too early?
Yeah, too early
Aight, here we go
Yah, bet, aye, said...

Spark the lighter and the flame ignites a little boof
I just gained the courage to step in the booth
I kill the roach and end up sipping on some gin and juice
My niggas know exactly what I'm finna do
Spark again. Spark again? Spark again!
Yeah nigga I'm gon spark again. Only with my partna dem
OG Backyardigan, boofing out your backyard again
Feeling out of my place, losing the race after taking some Ls to the face
I might as well...
Spark again. Spark again? Spark again!
Yeah nigga I said spark again, I'm tryna make my bars sharp again
OG Backyardigan, got ur bitch wearing nothing but a cardigan
You an assface, I'm the trap sage, I just came back to make my mark again


(Gahdamn gahdamn gahdamn gadhamn gadnman gahdjdaaaa)
So don't come at me with a challenge
Before you learn how to find your balance
I know you got a lot of talent
But nothing that you do is valid
Me and my niggas stay savage
But, but...
Y'all niggas stay 24/7 faded
Just sit around and be faded
Why are you niggas so basic?
You enjoy acting like you ain't shit?
Face it, your squad's chock full of haters
My squad don't include traitors
Kofa step team the greatest
Pull up to the function, save the day
And make face on a daily basis
My name is Adriiian and marijuana is my daily fragrance
Started from the bottom, that's nothing new cuz I basically emerged from the basement
I've been incubating, waiting for the day to take my place in the game
But now it's fuck patience, I had to say it
These bars are starting to sound agitated
I don't fuck with picnics, I'm a basket case, man
I'm Patrick Bateman with a dash of Bajan
I'm the holy father with the wrath of Satan
Do you understand? I can slaughter niggas with a single sweep
I'm literally on a killing spree
These niggas tryna get rid of me
My bars keep me warm when its 6 degrees
But I can't be doing this shit for free
Eight spliffs, I'm like Killer Bee
You niggas looking like the little league
Your half ass bars are mad whack
Goes from our ears to the trash bags
Gahdamn, you must be mad mad
I ain't even want the last laugh
But scratch that, just pass that
Damn, homie took the last drag?

I mean...
Fuck it. Spark again. Spark again? Spark again!
Yeah nigga I'm gon spark again. Only with my partna dem
OG Backyardigan, boofing out your backyard again
Feeling out of my place, losing the race after taking some Ls to the face
I might as well...
Spark again. Spark again? Spark again!
Yeah nigga I said spark again, I'm tryna make my bars sharp again
OG Backyardigan, got ur bitch wearing nothing but a cardigan
You an assface, I'm the trap sage, I just came back to make my mark again