[Intro]
Oh, I, [?]
[?]
Mmm, yeah

[Verse]
It was 09', November 12th when I met ya (I met ya)
We locked eyes, we both cried, it was special, yuh
I had a little part time working retail
When I got the news you were coming soon
I vowed then that I'd protect you, uh
I was only nineteen, a little Haitian boy making major moves
Then I met Trey Songz and Troy Taylor thought how could I ever lose?
Every day I wrote a song back to back to back to back
I was working, really chasing checks
Big Sean told me to do it big or let nothin' stop me
Those days I yearned for some good advice
A young daddy tryna live it right
I flew back and forth just to see her
Just to make sure the kid was nice
Just to make sure my baby daughter had a father 'cause I never had mine
If anybody says I abandoned you just tell they ass they a damn liar
'Cause I came back, I came back (oh, came back)
I feel like I'm Jay-Z back when he had Dame Dash, yuh
And I built up a dynasty, my family they reign that
I'm contemplating going back and forth, back and forth
Tryna figure out my approach to how to claim that
I ain't even worried about your top five
[?]
I came from the school of the hard knocks
In the gym is where I trained at
And I don't even roll with the same niggas
'Cause the same niggas be them same cats
Who act like they your road dog but change on you 'cause they can't match (can't match)
And nowadays I just roll slow like the po-po, whoop, whoop
Niggas hating on me that's a no, no
'Cause I shine on them like a rose gold
And I ain't even trying to flex, yuh (ahh)
But that's besides the point
I really miss my daughter cause it been a while
In case you didn't know daddy been around

[Outro]
And did you know I miss you a lot?
Uh, and did you know I miss you a lot? (I miss you)
Ever since we separated I been high (high [?])
Got me yelling, why oh why, oh why, oh why, oh why, oh why, oh why, oh why?
Oh, girl I miss you a lot (yeah, yeah, yeah)
Moments last forever in the heart (our precious moments)
And this is why I miss you a lot ([?])
Why oh why, oh why, oh why, oh why, oh why, oh why, oh why, oh why?
Oh, girl I miss you a lot (yuh)
Let you know I miss you a lot (aw yeah)
Baby girl I miss you a lot (that my baby, ayy)
I miss you when you got me saying why oh why, oh why, oh why, oh why, oh why, oh why, oh why I miss you a lot