[Intro: MIKExANGEL]
Look at this here, baby

[Verse 1: MIKExANGEL]
I brought some party favors, party favors
Got you naughty, babe, so naughty, babe, so naughty, baby
I brought some party favors, party favors
We mix the drink with emotions
We gonna wake the neighbors
I'm so impressed with your vibe  and I got all kind of flavors, kind of flavors
So many clockin' your time, feel like I should compensate ya
I put in work like a boss
Girl, this ain't nothin' new
So many used and abused, like they don't have a clue
Baby, your ass the truth
Always on the side, yeah, that's how they treat ya
You could be my girl, be my señorita
One on one sex, I could be the teacher
Knock it out the park like Derek Jeter

[Chorus: MIKExANGEL & Trey Songz]
Who gon' do, do your body like I do? Nobody
Nobody, nobody, nobody, nobody
Nobody
Nobody, nobody, nobody, nobody

[Verse 2: Trey Songz & MIKExANGEL]
Pullin' up to your crib
Baby, you know we about to have a lil party (I brought some party favors)
You know girl, you know that we 'bout to get started (And I got all kind of flavors)
And when you go to work, you be goin' so hard, I feel like I (Like I should compensate ya)
And girl, we got the room all foggy, condensation
This is elation, I'm so impatient
This feels like day one, anticipation
Anticipation, anticipation
Ain't this amazing?

[Chorus: Trey Songz & MIKExANGEL]
Who gon' do, do your body like I do? Nobody
Nobody, nobody, nobody, nobody
MIKExANGEL sing, MIKExANGEL sing, ANGEL sing, yeah
Nobody
Anticipation, nobody, nobody, nobody, nobody
Ain't this amazing? Baby, can you believe it? Can you believe it?

[Bridge: Trey Songz]
Oh, woah, hey
Baby, can you believe it? Can you believe it?
Oh, woah
Baby, can you believe it? Can you believe it? Yeah
Oh, woah, this is amazing, this feels like day one
Baby, can you believe it? Can you believe it?
Oh, woah, anticipation
Anticipation, I know you been waitin' for me, baby
Oh, oh

[Outro: Trey Songz]
It's okay, it's okay
Baby, you ain't gotta wait, baby
No no
Anticipation, Trigga