[Intro]
Yeah
Oh oh it's Mr. Steal Yo Girl
Oh oh it's Mr. Steal Yo Girl oh oh
Let's go

[Hook: Trey Songz]
Bottoms up, bottoms up, ey, what's in ya cup
Got a couple bottles, but a couple ain't enough
Bottoms up, bottoms up, throw your hands up
Tell security we bout to tear this club up
Bottoms up, bottoms up, pocket full of green
Girl, you know I love the way you shake it in them jeans
Bottoms up, bottoms up, throw ya hands up
Bottoms up, bottoms up, bottoms up (up, up)

[Verse 1: Busta Rhymes]
Everybody know that when I step up in the building
And I'm doing what I'm doing I be crowding up the block
Comin' up and killing em and fuckin' up the building
Get into the bar buy a couple bottles of Ciroc
Bottles of the 'Tron bottles of the Grand Marnier
Couple bottles of the 'Yac bottles of the Rosé
Throw another couple shots back throw another rack
Bring another couple of the models (OK-K)
Get another drink let the waiter know
'Till every single bottle finished spend a lot of dough
I don’t even know what I'm about to go and drink next
Gotta make a choice eenie meenie miney mo
Now we sip a little don Julio shawty
Ass big you could hide up in that booty hole
Pop pop get it get it money when you know you finished
I'm about to give it to ya in the studio
Now we in the cut better put your bottle up
Mommy got a little strut (baby baby)
Pour a little in the cup get your little bottom up
You can get up in the truck (maybe maybe)
Let me come in then I give it to ya raw
Baby girl go ahead wiggle to the floor
We bang 'till you can't take it anymore
While a nigga drunk everybody fall on the floor
King Kong with it y'all know when I come through
Imma give it to you niggas that are hatin'
Imma -- evaporate everything around me
See the way I do it how the kid disintegrated
When I'mma do it I'mma neva neva do it wrong
And I hit you with the bang and I hit you with the bong
Back murderin' another track, every nigga better black
While I hit ya with another Trey song

[Verse 3: Trey Songz]
My vision's blurred, my words slurred
Its jam packed, a million girls
And I ain't tryin to leave though
We drunk so let me be your alcohol hero
Callin' all the girls, do you hear me?
All around the world, city to city
Cheers to the girls, throw a deuce to the guys
Now I got a chicken and a goose in the ride
Gettin' loose in the ride
Hatin ass nigga you can move to the move to the move to the side

[Hook: Trey Songz]

[Verse 4: Nicki Minaj]
Yo, could I get that 'Tron?
Could I get that Remmy?
Could I get that Coke?
Could I get that Henny?
Could I get that margarita on the rock rock rocks?
Could I get that salt all around that rim rim rim rim?
Trey? I was like "Yo, Trey?"
Do you think you could buy me a bottle of Rose'?
Okay, lets get it now
I'm with a bad bitch he's with his friends
I don't say "Hi", I say "Keys to the Benz"
Keys to the Benz? Keys to the Benz!
Muhfuckin right yeah, weed to the 10
If a bitch try to get cute I'mma stomp her
Throw a lotta money at her then yell fucka, fucka, fucka
Then yell fucka
Then I'mma go get my Louisville Slugger
Excuse me, I'm sorry, I'm really such a lady
I rep Young Money
You know Slim, Baby?
And we be doin' donuts while we wavin' the .380
We give a lotta money to the babies out in Haiti
Yellin all around the world
Do you hear me? Do you like my body?
Anna Nicki
Rest in peace to Anna Nicole Smith
Yes, my dear, you're so explosive
Say hi to Mary, Mary and Joseph
Now bottoms up and double my dosage

[Hook: Trey Songz]