Let me hold that beat, though

You see, I'm simply complicated like a free throw
You so not my equal
You love her but I'm fucking her. I repo the freak ho
My bitch bad. Badder than yours
I'm big shit, nigga - Elephant turds
I give a fuck about whatever you heard
Cause dumb fucks speak irrelevant words
You say you're fire but you never get burned
Got now and next so its never your turn
I swear you silly motherfuckers gonna learn
It's likely your man, like me, is gonna earn (urn)
I want my money like the nigga Big Worm
Nightmares that the rubber bust send my dick burns
Thats why I be talking to hoes so stern
You see you gotta set them straight, no perms
Stallion bitch. Might throw her in the barn
No bullshit like I'm cleaning up the farm
I'm so heroin - needle in the arm
You so Marilyn. Get up off my John
F. Kennedy. Eff enemies
Small things, I should spend less energy
After all, we all know they are just Mini-Me's
Ay say, Trey, where the bitches and the Hennessy?
Your negativity's such a bad tendency
His baby-momma saying, "Let your baby swim in me." (For real?)
Fraud nigga; I don't know how to pretend to be. (Nah)
Expect what you accept. Respect what you regret
Give your best and nothing less, (Yes)
Even when you dealing with stress
If there's one thing that I bet
I'm talking about with a blank check
I'm rich but I ain't bank yet
Money on my mind but I ain't think yet
I'm balling but I ain't dunk yet
I'm buzzing but I ain't drunk yet
All I do is shit you never did, but I still ain't done shit yet
Fresh until my death
I'm getting right, move to the left
I smoking loud. Ya'll niggas so deaf
I got a bad bitch with a bad bitch. I'm a savage
Pussy on they breath
Sweat. camera set
My life is a movie and I do be camera fresh
I'm over-overdosing. My mentals overloading
If the link is overloading, baby, you just hit refresh
I met with the future last week and they said you won't be there
I figure I should tell you now so you won't be scared
I kill a rapper and I ain't sentenced so it don't be fair
I got bars. Heavy sentence and I want the chair
You rocking Pumas. I'm at Zuma eating lobster rolls
All the model bitches with me strike an awkward pose
Lyrical drugs cracking reefer, call it rock-n-roll
Niggas say they on my heels soft so they Dr. Scholls
No physicians perscription is worth submitting for this, um, sickness I'm spitting
Just listen. I'm Charles Dickens
Now if a pretty woman, I'm stickin my large dick in
Dreams of Rihanna and Nicki Minaj lickin'
I'm trippin', I'm trippin'. I never fall off
Hey shout to all the red bottoms that's really all dough
Or even faker. They bake cause I just fuck her but he date her
He's a sucker. Now he hate a motherfucker cause I'm greater
You niggas vanilla wafers. I gobble your whole squadron
My unborn sons never made it cause she swallowed them
Then as she hollering she thinking about some collagen
Injections, suggesting I'm investing in the semen she gargling
She think she's my bottom bitch; Hillary Rodham-ish
Keep the green growning. Hoes digging in my garden, shit
(Hoes digging in my garden, shit. Wooo!)
My flow murderous. I should tell Jada to kiss 'em
Kill the rapper. Make the nigga tell Biggie I miss him
Energy fuel bodies. Niggas that envy me do
Many of you do have the tendency to
Mimic my moves. Isn't it true
In him is something that you wish was in you
No stop button. Won't pause for nothing
I ain't spitting, I'm throwing up cause you niggas disgusting
These bitches is lusting. You niggas is cuffing
You young and flashy nigga. I feel like Dash and Jigga
'96. So glorious
Or Puff Daddy and Notorious
In '95, before he died
My hustle grand. I'm T.I.P. and Dro
I need a TS chain. I'm Pun and Joe
I just fuck a lot. I'm not a player
Hold up, yea. So like Pun and Joe, oh
I paved the way for 'em
Lay away. Floor'em
Your whole style borrowed
Bring my shit back tomorrow
I'm what you mens ain't
Just keep it Ben Frank
You ain't getting the picture, get your lens changed, get's your lens changed
Sometimes I feel like the devil's behind me. I'm running fast
God bless a nigga. Angels got my back