[Intro};
Actually, there is a word for that. It's love. I'm in love with her okay!? If you're looking for the word that means caring about someone, beyond all rationality and wanting them to have everything they want, no matter how much it destroys you, it's love. And when you love someone, you just-- you don't stop... ever! Even if people roll their eyes or call you crazy, even then. Especially then! You just-- you don't give up! Because if I could give up, if I could just... you know, take the whole worlds advice, and- and move on and find someone else, that wouldn't be love! That would be... that would be some other disposable thing that is not worth fighting for

[Verse 1, Bryson Tiller];
Look where we are
After all of this time
Finally made it
I know this for sure
And you were so patient with me babe
I gotta say thank you
'Cause I know I don't deserve it (oh yeah)

[Verse 2, Bryson Tiller]
I remember scrolling through my phone
Seeing you in places you would never go
Small payback for the pain I caused
For all the ways that I did you wrong
I didn't hear from you (yeah)
Not a fucking thing from you (yeah)
Laying here in bed thinking about her
Loudest silence that I ever heard

[Verse 3, August Alsina]
Yeah
People say they gon' change but it never happens
And we go back to old ways and old habits
A nigga just so used to getting reprimanded
I had to hear the silence just to understand it (woo)

[Verse 4 Bryson Tiller and Trey Songz]
Since then a nigga changed so much (woahh)
What will I do with the pieces of you? (ahh)
I just need one more chance, one more chance (woah oh woah)
I gotta get my baby back
Now all I have is fragments of your heart
Since you been gone it's been I've ever got

[Verse 5, Bryson Tiller, August Alsina, and Trey Songz]
Girl I know this is kinda scary
Falling way back deep in love so involuntary
All you needed was my trust
Now you got it baby
And now that I got it
I ain't gonna lose it
Swear to God I'mma prove it

[Outro];
Oh, I can't shake it, I can't shake this feeling that nothing about me and Barney makes any sense!
But love doesn't make sense! I mean, you can't logic your way in or out of it. Love is totally non-sensical. But we have to keep doing it, or else we're lost, and love is dead, and humanity just packed in. Because love is the best thing we do. Look, I know that sounds cheesy, but it's just true. You love Barney, and he loves you