[Intro: Lil' jon and East Side Boyz]
Yeah, yeah...
Lil jon and east side boyz (that's right bitch)
Suga Free (Suga Free)
Bad Boy Snoop Dogg, Oobie wassup girl
And this nigga right here
Sing it to them Nate Dogg (HEY)(sing it man)

[Verse 1: Nate Dogg]
Back in the days I use to like bitches (uhh)
But I tell you now days Bitches Ain't Shit (Tell 'em)
And if you wonder why I say this (yeah, Yeah)
I've had a lot of women and bitches think they slick (shoop-bop ??)
Sneakin' around fuckin around whenever were not around (always)
Actin' all sophisticated, spending money that she didn't make (oh, ya)
I get so mad that I could slap her actin like she Cleopatra (ya ya, hey)
Ain't no need to ask she's a slave to the money and I'm the master

[Hook: Nate Dogg]
That's why I smoke Sunday Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday
Don't let no girl no bitch (hey) no man no nigga get in my way
I keep my gun with me (always) for peace I keep it right by my side (.45 Bitch)
Big Nate, Long Beach, won't keep, lil' jon, TIGHT BEATS, so come on let's ride!

[Verse 2: Lil' Jon]
What's up with these tryin' to play a nigga
Go to court these Hoes straight slay a nigga
No more dick in yo pussy just stick with your throat
You ain't gon get no child support
Playing a nigga like you my one and only two-face hoe fucking me and my homie
But i love yo gurl, naw i was just playing
You say you love me if i was just paying
Why i gotta be like that, why must i chase the cat
Or really why must I chase the rat
Nigga fucking bitches how bout that
Won't you buy me a drink (bitch hell naw)
Let me hit yo dank? (bitch hell naw)
Won't you take me to yo crib (bitch hell naw)
Let's go to the mall (bitch hell naw)

[Hook: Nate Dogg]
Thats why I smoke Sunday Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday
Don't let no girl no bitch no man no nigga get in my way
I keep my gun with me for peace I keep it right by my side
Big Nate, Long Beach, won't keep, lil' jon, TIGHT BEATS, so come on let's ride!
[East Side Boys {CORRECTIONS?}]
Pimped out JAM, tiggle it? SLAM
Pimpd out. JAM' tiggle it? SLAM
Pimpd out. JAM' tiggle it? SLAM
Pimpd out. JAM' tiggle it? an' SLAM

[Verse 3: Suga Free]
Now don't get me started
And never say what you wanna do
Cause your just a recess pieces to get turned out too
Now i can get that man back
But how you gonna sue me child support
When you ain't sat down and wrote me a rap
See you can't ride two horses wit one hand
Uh oh suga free the last dinosaur from caveman ave
(you shoulda seen her) I toast to this
So she can check the track, I toast to that
You can catch him on the dance floor, I toss to this
And you know she ain't got no panties, I toss to that
Gooshie-Gooshie-Mooshie-Mooshie-Bushy- Gushy
I can tell by the way she dance she's gots a good pussy

[Hook: Nate Dogg]

[Verse 4: Snoop Dogg]
Yeah, Let me get a glass of that
Puff Puff pass it back
Doggy Dogg with a classic rap, Blazing sacks back-to-back imagine that
I'm trying to holla at Shaniquia
Champagne for me and my peoples
VIP'ing, LBC'ing, DPG's, they'll be g's
Until the end of time, and we'll continue to shine
My games gettin' bigger, It's a Wrap. chuuch my nigga
[Oobie]
Let me tell ya about a bitch
Bitches are scandalous
Bitches don't give a shit
All a bitch want is a victim of ???
You ain't get no loyalty
Cause a bitch gon always scheme
They love it when you fuck em
They love it when you leave em
Better yet when you mistreat em
For the bitch, nigga you don't need em
You bitches, ain't getting shit
'cause my ??? ain't havin it

[Outro: Lil' Jon]
(Hey, hey)There you have ladies and gentlemen (there you have it)
Our description (uh huh)
Of how these bitches be actin' this
Motherfucka that can't be
All i gotta say is keep it pimpin' pimpin' (keep it pimpin' pimpin')
And i don't trust these mothafuckin' hoes (oh OH)