[Hook: Fat Trel]
I got a bad bitch to get low/Dick her down, but she really wanna smoke/Pull up, Polo, what you know?
And I'mma take her anywhere she wanna go
We get high, we get low/We get cheese, blow dope
'Bout money, but we goVideo, studio, or a show
P-o-l-o what you know? Stay fly, stay high, what you know?
In a 745, what you know? But that bitch ain't mine what you know?
P-o-l-o what you know? Stay fly, stay high, what you know?/
In a 745, what you know? But that bitch ain't mine, what you know?

[Intro]
What you know about that mansion life?
Champagne, first class flight, right

[Verse 1: Smoke DZA]
I got a bad ho, she a freak but she bashful
I let her play with my cash though
These Foamposites in the asshole
What you know, no gas though
I kick a little niggas ass trying to act grown
Might be irrational, serve a nigga up like McEnroe
But back to my bad ho, she blow a nigga like Satchmo
Give a nigga everything he asked for
I ain't even got a reason to be mad yo
Sour the kush wit this rugby on
Every time when we fuck I wanna keep my rugby on
Throw a little more when the bubbly gone
So the god give her the D like Stucky, uh
Take five I'mma roll some raw
Take a little breather but she fiending/I'mma bout' to get neck to a Motown song...Maybe a lil Anita
I fuck with the pot, but all my bitches roll
Fucking every other molly
Either way she get low

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Fat Trel]
I got a bad bitch that smoke dro
She in traffic with her phone
I never laughing cause she classic
I never had this picture before
And when I get it I just hit it on the low
No matter what, she say her man can't know
He no fool, I just play it by the rules
But before I got can I hit it one more
And in a minute I'mma give it, I'mma go
Pick her up, put her down on the floor
Then I hit her kitty cat from the back
No light girl, you know my ice glow
You lie, i try, why doubt
All the money, all the bitches I got
All the bags of blocks I drop
I'm in the back of a 'Lac wit my Glock
I'm on the first and fifth like I deserve this
Lotta niggas talk, I ain't heard shit
Plan to come see me when it's over with
A couple whores on the floor, step over them
Tell you the truth, I ain't even notice them
If I was broke, shit, I wouldn't get an "o" from them
Used the bitch to get blow from him
But she leave with me cause she over him

[Hook]

[Outro: Smoke DZA]
Yeah, what you know 'bout that type shit? Big boss shit. Big nigga business
That's that shit we on. Big dishes and all that type shit
More bitches
Right