'Religion'

I’m not gonna hate on your religion, whether you have seen a Ghost or any other apparition, I believe you, but I’m not gonna believe it too, ‘coz there are too many different Gods, for me to choose, some 20 religions, if I choose 1, I’m 95% an atheist, tell me I’m wrong…

They preach oneness, together confide, when religion is the main cause of culture divide, but it helps people, to carry on with their lives, I understand, I just think it's a lie!

'War'

They say history is written by the victor, and victims are buried 7 foot deep inside of a ditch but, the people responsible are never getting convicted, and get away Scott free, nobody can jail a politician!

In control of the soldiers, but void of any involvement! Indulging in some invasion, funded by money we're holding

The shirt and tire is clean, but there is blood on his palms, the real murderers, never bare arms!

'Money'

Money is just a symbol, exchanged between people, it is peoples desire to be gluttonous that is lethal, when famine is less important than a phantom, we can see all the apathy from the rich, we were not created equal

Imaginary numbers holding power over hundreds of millions of employees, working hours just to fund us, a minimum wage, modern day slaves, potential eventually, goes to waste

And all that money is dulled out by the bosses and they can skim what they want of off the top!

'Fame'

The ultimate infatuation, you're checking into rehab, congradu-fucking-lations!

The people want to be you, free of their emancipation!

When acting is your passion, and fame is your motivation. You're basically dancing monkeys throwing shit at our faces, and we consume it every day, now it is all we can taste 'coz

We find your lives are entertaining, sensationalising day to day boring shit and creating a world that we think is different just because you are famous! When really you are just like us, flesh and blood!

'Drugs'

Drug addicts that need sobriety, pushed away from society, and treated like a criminal, cynical, minds say they cannot help, to limit all the use of drugs, when escape, is in us all

We make laws, and stick to a dim system, where the sentence you'll be serving is based on your skin pigment!

You could serve 10 years just for supply and demand, trying to make ends meet, will put you behind bars, you had no other choice, growing up where you're from is hard, you either be a drug dealer or sleep on the promenade!

'Power'

Free in discretion power possession! Built a tower and fill it with money, that's your profession, wrestling over power, 'coz power is ever present, the president, making choices, citizens hail in reverence!

With great power, comes great responsibility, a lack of compassion and any kind of humility

So stock up on guns and colonise the planet, because we need to divide it to understand it

'Technology'

The future is in technology, bit coin has potential to build us a new economy

And there's a generation raised on the following, freedom of speech, freedom of knowledge, and freedom of solitary, thinking, the conscious revolution of honesty! Is among us, possibly, as long as we

Don't rank weapons over education, so we can work towards a utopian place and...