[Intro: Tame talking]
Fuck that. Tighter than braids in the 8th grade on picture day. Tame and D fuck with you day. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Encyclopedia Brown volume's continue. Brick City. Eastern Conference in it. Yeah yeah yeah yeah

[Verse One]
I initiate that first contact in a verbal combat
Launching camouflage your entourage won't know where I'm at
My dime sacks jam the radars of blind bats
Detrimental to a rapper's payoff like contracts
Relax like perms, I'm burning twice that
Show me where your mics at and I'll bring you flavor like spice racks
I'm like crack, I'll do your whole family something dirty
From out of Jumping New Jersey, up and down like 12:30
You wanna murk me? You need to practice your theatrics
I've had it so let's get at it and battle to see who phattest
I'm back now, from out the background, busting your rap down
You wack clowns should've sat down, we'll get your back brown
You spit subliminals thinking you invincible
Let's be sensible I got lyricals to get rid of you
Consider me ill with too many skills
I'll make your Hennessy spill, geeked off ecstasy pills
You ain't never been as nice as me and won't ever be
Don't step to me, you ain't stressing me or impressing me
I'm fulfilling destiny
You better acknowledge the pedigree
Quit messing with me and let it be

[Hook] {x2}
Up to no good day, it's me again
Tell a friend, Tame and D again, it's me again

[Verse Two]
I've been off the hook since nursery books
Knew what it took and went for it
I did the chorus by utilizing my sources
Made people scared to approach me up in the office
Still grilling with an attitude like "I will kill your children"
I know your whole cipher can freestyle for hours
But I be hiding my abilities like super powers
My music bangs like gangs with bandannas
I slam jams at random and grandstand for the cameras
Nobody's thrilling me cause my vocal abilities
Make most of my enemies sound like Hill Billies
You ill, really?
Is you acting when you rapping?
I slap you up in Manhattan and then have you asking for Aspirin
Straight off the block, hip hop and I'm into it
They said rap was dead so I'mma be embalming fluid
And on the right drug, I turned spots to fight clubs
You be laying on your back looking up at the light bulbs

[Hook]

[Verse Three]
Because of Internet threats on websites
I spend nights deleting e-mails in threes from non knowing MC's
With my screen name
You seen Tame on BlackPlanet
With chicks with bandannas that look bad as Janet
And you couldn't stand it
It's like you love hating me
That's a bug way to be
That's like drugs taking me
It's obvious a lot of us rappers be having issues
The same peeps that dance to your beats will try to diss you
Holler back, at the most follow that cat
With enough impact to push your Starter caps back
I've never been afraid of conflict, I rhyme sick
But I'mma keep it strictly biz like fine print
You want it bad enough then come get it
I get dumb and run with it
Stunning all you Tame One critics
So the next time you see me, holler like you know me
So I can walk away from your group like Jarobi

[Hook]

[Outro: Tame talking]
Another rap, another reason to snap. Another chance to advance. Another Jackson to go up under the Grants. Another day another dollar. Holler. Tame One up in the...tell a friend, tell a foe. Tell everybody you know