[Intro - Jermaine Dupri]
Uh, Uh
Y'all know what this is, So So Def

[Verse 1 - Adrienne]
You're the heart of me (Had to tell you a little)
Baby, pardon me (If I swear you a little)
It's just the effect you have. I don't quite understand myself but
I ain't worried about it (Cause I see it in you)
No I ain't worried about it (I see you feeling it too)
I just wanted to put it on your mind. I think that you're one of a kind
And I know it cause I ...

[Chorus]
I done had others in me life that I like but
I ain't feel it like I'm feeling you
Every time we talk, every time we touch, I get a rush cause I can tell you're really feeling me too and it's real, it's real
I think I found somebody who really cares
Who cares, Who gave me everything in my life
I wanna share the ways I never thought cause I'm really, really feeling you

[Verse 2 - Kiely]
You really got a way that I just can't deny (You be on my mind from night to sunrise)
And even of I tried to fake it (fake it)
I know I'll never shake it (shake it)
You got a kiss that make me flip it
Now I never trade it (trade it)
24/7, three sixty-five (Your love to stay fly, your love to stay right)
Forever and ever I need ya. I never knew never would find a nigga better
Oh, I've been meaning to tell you

[Verse 3 - Jessica & (Jermaine Dupri)]
It's the way you look that's so irresistible (I-I feel the same girl)
And it's the way you touch me that's so incredible (I-I feel the same girl)
There's no other, you are my lover from beginning to end, I'll say it again
Forever and ever I need you. I never knew, never would find a nigga better
Oh, I've been meaning to tell you

[Chorus]

[Verse 4 - Jermaine Dupri]
Now baby you know how hard it is tryna find the right one
I done had others in my life but you're like none
I love yo whole style, physique, You're so sweet, petite type of girl I let hold my jeep
My parking lot pimping, slow up tell them girls, hold up. Me and you, no luck
I got it girl? sho' nuff and I feel like I'm getting it bad
Cause I ain't felt like this since I was a lad
My whole mood, when I'm around you, change. I keep ya around new things
I pull up and your brow do raise. You're the shawty I was looking for
One I had to push up on. Singled you out in ya crew, true and everything I do is for you
The love you give me in bundles Is the same way I feel for you and everything I do is for you
The love you give me in bundles Is the same way I feel for you, word

[Chorus till fade]