Hoooo, hoo, hoo, hoooo
Hoooooo, hooooo, hooooo

Heyy, heyy
It's goin' out to all of the ladies u know
You know what time it is when I come throw the door man... ya man..

Girl I came to see you in this club tonight, tonight, tonight..tt..
Girl I know u bout to show meee some love tonight, tonight, tonight..tt..
Well u know how I do it and that's why u smilin' babe, I like how u movin' the way that u grindin' babe well girl lift it up show me that u mean it work it all around I got what'chu need

Girl I know just what'chu want its about to be a storm
Baby watch me make it rain (watch me make it rain)
I got a pocket full of doe and I came to blow it all
Baby money ain't a thang (baby money ain't a thang)
I see u on dat pole and I don't mind spendin
Ohh girl u bout it for sho' (Ohh baby I don't mind spendin')
And I'ma give u some mo' cause I don't mind spendin'
It ain't trickin if you got it so watch it watch it try it...

Ohh tonight I'm gonna let u fel something u ain't felt before, before, before...heyy
Forget the ones and the tens girl at night I'm throwin' down some mo', and mo', and mo', and moOO'
Now I see that u rollin' in every wayyy, girl I'm so focused, I ain't here to play
Now where is the waitress to with my drinks so I could pour little something, sipple little somethin' and maybe trick a little somethinnn'...

Girl I know just what'chu want its about to be a storm
Baby watch me make it rain (watch me make it rain)
I got a pocket full of doe and I came to blow it all
Baby money ain't a thang (baby money ain't a thang)
I see u on dat pole and I don't mind spendin'
Ohh girl u bout it for sho' (Ohh baby I don't mind spendin)
And I'ma give u some mo' cause I don't mind spendin'
It ain't trickin if u got it so watch it watch it try it...

Lets go somewhere private I'm more want it tonight and I'm lovin' watch'u doin' to me
Bring your friends cause baby I'm gonna spend more than you'll ever see.. see
It's getting crazy cause you're callin' me baby and I might just believe it tonight
Hooo girl run it back I still gotta stack you're in my reality...
I got watch'u need...

Girl I know just what'chu want its about to be a storm oh noo
Baby watch me make it rain (watch me make it rain)
I got a pocket full of doe and I came to blow it all
Baby money ain't a thang ( ohh baby money ain't a thang)
I see u on dat pole cause I don't mind spendin'
Ohh girl u bout it for sho' (Ohh baby I don?t mind spendin)
And I'ma give u some mo' cause baby I don't mind spendin'
It ain't trickin if u got it so watch it watch it try it...