(feat. Jagged Edge)

(JD:)
Yall wanna floss with us? All across that board we burning up. And all I ask for you to do is turn it, turn it up (x2)

(VERSE 1:)
Saturday night off in Katauna. All these girls dressed in Gabana, spotted one I never seen (Did you come alone?)
Its so lovely just to see you. Even lovelier to meet you. Won't you let me buy your drink (What you sipping on?)
Now baby I'll be honest, when I first saw you, I couldn't help but think about what you were like in bed
I ain't tryna sweat you, I know that I just met you, but would you agree if I said?..

We need to be alone. (My car is right outside)
Be alone (And it ain't too far of a drive)
Over to my place, I know all the right songs to play cause I tell you

(BRIDGE:)
It ain't nothing like making all kind of love to some music (turn the music up)
I'm talking kissing and hugging, touching and rubbing to that music (turn the music up)

(CHORUS:)
So if you love that Maxwell (turn it up, turn it up, girl)
How about some Jodeci? (turn it up, turn it uuup)
Bump n' Grind to R. Kel (turn it up, turn it up, girl)
All you gotta do is say babe (turn it up)

(VERSE 2:)
Now we off up in the ride, cruising down Sunset
Girl your C T Burn is smelling so good to me. I want to love you to Usher cause I know you need it Nice n' Slow
I'm like Genuine. You got me So Anxious
Word to Jamie cause tonight we getting Unpredictable
Now I know just what Jan meant, when she said it's
Funny ( funny) How (how) Time (time) Flys

(BRIDGE)

(CHORUS 2:)
Aw Here's to Mary J. (turn it up, turn it up, girl)
And I know you digging Faith (turn it up, turn it uuup)
Don't Alicia got it going on? (turn it, turn it up, girl)
All you gotta do is say babe

(RAP:)
Now I'm grown, girl
And I hit u with the d*** one time you'll be gone, girl
Lets get it on, girl
We'll let the Marvin Gay play while J do it all night long, girl
I'm in the zone, girl
Turn on your radio and I guarantee that you'll hear one of my songs, girl
I write hits, got a crib with a elevator in it and I ain't dropped one single of my own, girl
(But back to the groove) See that Petrome pouring? Maybe you want more, and I'm built to last
Slow motion or fast, I'll have a blast, in spots you didn't even know you had
Here's an idea, we ain't leaving for the crib, pull over the 5-50 let's do it right here
(in audible)

(BRIDGE)

(CHORUS 3:)
One time for Jagged Edge (turn it up, turn it up, girl)
And girl I know you like 112 (turn it up, turn it uuup)
And Luther is the best (turn it up, turn it, girl)
So all you gotta is say , "J, turn it, turn it, turn it up!"