[Intro]
Tay Keith, fuck these niggas up!

[Chorus: Rico Nasty]
So much money in the air, in the air, air
Roll it up, put one in the air, in the air, air
Keep the hatin' shit over there, over there, there
So much money in the air, in the air, air (What!)

[Verse 1: Rico Nasty]
The shit I think about, you should put me in a crazy house
I hope that you don't wait til it's too late for you to shut ya mouth
I gotta see it to believe it, I ain't with the word of mouth
Tell me who the problem now, point 'em out and take 'em down
I do what I wanna do, you do what you can afford
Give them some, they ask for more, jumpin' out the window
Thought I heard them people at my door
Smokin' on some very loud
Pack, like the speakers blown, all my niggas tryna get a sack
Playin' Moneyball, they ain't on what we be on
Everyday I see a clone, I'm the hottest out
You think that I left the oven on, smokin' strong, money long
Talkin' stupid switch your tone, cashin' out like fuck a loan

[Chorus: Rico Nasty & BlocBoy JB]
So much money in the air, in the air, air (in the air)
Roll it up, put one in the air, in the air, air (in the air)
Keep the hatin' shit over there, over there, there (what?)
So much money in the air, in the air, air (BlocBoy)
Roll it up, put one in the air, in the air, air (in the air)
Keep the hatin' shit over there, over there, there (over there)
So much money in the air, in the air, air (bands!)
Roll it up, put one in the air, in the air, air (right)

[Verse 2: BlocBoy JB]
I got them bands in my pockets (pockets)
Stacks are so fat they can't fit in the wallet (wallet)
Bitch I'm a shooter like I play for the Rockets (Rockets)
You just a block you must be on a molly (molly)
B-boy you trippin', you gon' come up missin'
Handguns got extensions (Rrrrrah!)
We don't play, bitch this ain't 2K
Yo' ass can come up missin' (that's on my momma)
So much hunnids in the air (air)
My young niggas pocket-watchin'
When they see you stop and stare (I see you there)
Servin' niggas for the Js, tryna get 'least every pair
When they pull up to the trap
They-they say that they can't shop in there (Shop in there)
What-what do you prefer ('fer!)? Grizzly or a bear? (bear!)
I ain't talkin' fruit, my niggas hit you in your pear (grrrah!)
If you talkin' 'bout some bitches I get ass like a chair (chair)
Lotta money in the air, try-try to rob me if you dare (Yeah, bitch!)

[Chorus: Rico Nasty]
So much money in the air, in the air, air
Roll it up, put one in the air, in the air, air
Keep the hatin' shit over there, over there, there
So much money in the air, in the air, air
Roll it up, put one in the air, in the air, air
Keep the hatin' shit over there, over there, there
So much money in the air, in the air, air
Roll it up, put one in the air, in the air, air