[Intro: Future]
Drink or smoke
Am I the only one for you?
Its the Richmix
Do I mean everything to you?
Pull up, haha
Am I the only one for you? (drink or smoke)
Future, Hendrix
Do I mean everything to you?
Yeah, yeah

[Pre-Chorus: Tory Lanez & Future]
Do you drink or smoke? (drink or smoke)
Pull out pieces, lookin' like I'm whippin' dope (whippin' dope)
You can tell them fuck niggas, I'm with the smoke (with the smoke)
Shawty, came around, she on a new pretty (new pretty)
Spent like 60 thousand, on some new titties (skrr, skrr, switch it up)

[Chorus: Future]
All boss bitches, for my boss team (boss team)
I see bad tings with a good girl (good girl)
All want honors, for my bad team (bad team)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

[Verse 1: Zoey Dollaz & Future]
New louboutin for my bad ting
Felipe and Mcqueen, thats a cash ting (cash ting)
Do you drink or do you smoke? (do you smoke)
Do you take Molly or play with your nose? (your nose)
See this Lamborghini (skrr, skrr)
Blue paint, wet look like it's a blue Martini (splash)
We be down on Collins, when we in Miami (in Miami)
Top down, shawty, said, "Daddy, I ain't got no panties"
Wait, switch, switch it up
Look, thats a bad ting, with a bad ting
You see how many bad tings, cash brings?
Shawty, you know that I'm lovin' the way you movin' that body
Said them jeans fit on you like Pirelli's on a new Bugatti (skrr, skrr, skrr, skrr)
Said them jeans fit on you like Pirelli's on a new Bugatti (skrr, skrr, skrr, skrr)
Shawty, do you got a man? (got a man)
Do he take you shoppin'? Do he drop them bands? (drop them bands)
Christmas gift wrapped, bow tie on them brand new Benz (ooh)
Never felt this feelin' before (true)
Have you rollin' and rollin' and rollin' like you on a boat
Never been with a real one (real one)
Red bottom like you kill some' (kill some')
Giuseppe shoes with the gold on it (ooh)
You a bad ting for real hun (for real hun)
You a bad ting for real hun (real hun, real hun)
Shawty, tell me do you

[Pre-Chorus: Future]
Do you drink or smoke?
Do you shop in Paris, like you in Dubai? (pull up)
All of them different bags, what's they name? (must be designer)
Can you cop a 'rari, or switch a private plane (skrr, switch it up)

[Hook: Future ]
All boss bitches, doin' boss things (boss things)

[Verse 2 : Tory Lanez]
Do Céline shoppin' that some mad ting
We all know Toronto, got the bad tings
All bad bitches, talkin' my tings
Whippin' on the 40, talkin' mad tings
So, when I pull up in Miami
Bad bitches callin' me daddy
Pourin' that Dirty Diana, yeah
Putting a 4 in the liter
She got me goin', I'm leanin'
Shawty you know that I seem it

[Bridge: Future]
Am I the only one for you?
Do I mean everything to you?

[Verse 3: Future]
Swap out your Gucci for coochie
All of my groupies wear Louis
Harder you go, the more money you get
The more money you get, the more shit you could go buy
You grind up and fuck to the top
That pussy good, I spoil you right
I filled out your watch with some rocks (wise)
Got rich, and bought the whole block that I grew up on
That's how you do it
Chanel and those Berkins, you heavy influenced
Right talkin' money, talkin' she speakin' fluent
I'm working that wood, she know how to do it

[Pre-Chorus: Future]
Do you drink or smoke?
Do you shop in Paris, like you in Dubai? (pull up)
All of them different bags, what's they name? (must be designer)
Can you cop a 'rari, or switch a private plane (skrr, switch it up)

[Chorus: Future]
All boss bitches, doin' boss things (boss things)
All boss bitches for my boss team (boss team)
I see bad tings with a good girl (good girl)
All want honors, for my bad team (bad team)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

[Outro: Future]
T-tell me you the one or just a prototype? (prototype)
If I go to sleep is you the photo type? (photo type)
Do you fuck with locos? Are you takin' flight?
Can we go home and make love tonight?
Can you get drunk with a bad bitch, right?
All want honors, for my bad tings
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah