[Intro: PARTYNEXTDOOR & DJ Khaled]
DJ Khaled
DJ Khaled!
Another one!
We the Best Music!

[Pre-Chorus: PARTYNEXTDOOR]
Whoa, can't let you roll
I'll let you know that's she's the one, not the two
Yeah yeah yeah, shade without the H
Most think we smooth with this young nigga attitude

[Chorus: PARTYNEXTDOOR & DJ Khaled]
Girl, is you ready, ready, ready? Yeah, yeah
I'm tired, baby, you tired
Of them headaches, headaches, headaches, yeah
But I'mma give you what you looking for
Just be down for life (for life) just be down for life (for life)
Just be down for life (for life) I'mma be down for life (for life)
Are you down for life? (for life) just be down for life
Just be ready with it, yeah, yeah

[Verse 1: Future]
P-A-I-D in F-U-L-L (Super)
M-O-N-E-Y K-I-L-L
I go to J-A-I-L, F-U-C-K all them cops, yeah, fuck 12
Roll it up tight then put it in the air
I'm tryna find me a rider that's real
Icing you down for the demonstrations
Down, down for the demonstrations
We gotta live for our reputations
You got your level up, you got your level up
Uno amigo your caliber
24k on an amateur, I get 100k out a bag
I spent 100k on your bag, that's a crocodile Birk
They tryna throw dirt on my name and they seeing what I'm worth
I pull up dripping like BB, I get so many fresh everyday
You better hope I don't OD, I keep a chopper like BG
Young money nigga no PG, slow it down for me like juvie
I catch a homi' like lil' T, I'm in the streets like a HB
They made a movie in 3D, we made a film at AMC's
Here come another one, Khaled; here come another one, Khaled
(Another one)

[Chorus: PARTYNEXTDOOR, DJ Khaled & Travis Scott]
Girl, is you ready, ready, ready? Yeah, yeah
I'm tired, baby, you tired
Of them headaches, headaches, headaches, yeah
But I'mma give you what you looking for
Just be down for life (for life) just be down for life (for life)
Just be down for life (for life) I'mma be down for life (for life)
Are you down for life? (for life) just be down for life
Just be ready with it, yeah, yeah (yah, yah, straight up)

[Verse 2: Travis Scott]
I'mma pull up on you, is you ready?
The doors open different girl, let me show ya (yah!)
Niggas love to hate, bitches love to hate
That's why I spoil you (straight up)
I can't lie, I can't lie, you've been down since day one
I’ll go out pull out the hammer and kill shit if they say some' (yah!)
Ooh, I'll do it, I'll do it, I'll do it (straight up)
Ooh, I'll do it, I'll do it, I'll do it

[Verse 3: Rick Ross]
Maybach Music
The season success, 6 reasons I'm blessed
Secret societies, he seems so possessed
First you master the hustle, then you conquer the struggle
Now I'm stacking my numbers, just like they tackles and fumbles
Every week, there's pictures of different bitches kissing me
But the one that stole my heart, that's still a mystery
Chill, Khaled, chill; Bill, let it bill
Squat, shorty, squat, please, in them heels
Maybach Music

[Chorus: PARTYNEXTDOOR, Kodak Black & Rick Ross]
Just be down for life (Kodak) just be down for life (Kodak)
Just be down for life, I'mma be down for life (Kodak)
I'll be down for life (woo) just be down for life (woo)
And just be ready, you with it (woo), yeah, yeah

[Verse 4: Kodak Black]
Tell me you ready, baby girl, tell me you ready
And I'mma be there in a second, won't take you for granted
I'ma treat you like the fetty
Cause, baby, you know I go get it
She know that I got a check, and that paper come in steady
She want Audemars Piguet, she wanna ride in a Bentley
I'mma step up, take a rental, I know she digging my pimping
Baby, stop playing, get with it
Baby, stop playing, get with it
I know you tired of them gimmicks
But you fucking with the realest
Is you ready for the way I’m coming?
Is you ready for the life I'm living?
I'mma be down like a damn coffin
I want you with me 'til God call me
Tell all them lame niggas "Sayonara"
I hit the jeweler and bought a car
Wide receiver, I just caught a charge
Girl, is you ready to go tomorrow?
When I'm with you, I look like a star
This one right here is gon' take me far

[Chorus: PARTYNEXTDOOR & DJ Khaled]
Girl, is you ready, ready, ready? Yeah, yeah
I'm tired, baby, you tired
Of them headaches, headaches, headaches, yeah
But I'mma give you what you looking for
Just be down for life (for life) just be down for life (for life)
Just be down for life (for life) I'mma be down for life (for life)
Are you down for life? (for life) just be down for life
Just be ready with it, yeah, yeah

[Outro: Rick Ross, DJ Khaled & Travis Scott]
Khaled!
It's We the Best for life (straight up)
DJ Khaled!
We the Best Music!
I pray we holding hands as we walk across the burning sands
These words for you are genuine, we define loyalty
(Another one)