[Intro]
I be on the phone with Doe Boy
I be telling him, he inspired me to go harder
Know what I'm saying, real talk

[Verse 1]
My savages, my savages, my savages
I’m always dressing fresher than a mannequin
I grew up in a ruthless ass environment
I’m on the phone with yo, I ask him how the trial went
35 racks is how my day was spent
I gotta cock it back, that’s how my day would get
You got me thinking all these bitches artificial
The way you acting you must don’t respect a real nigga
Roll some herb up, pour some syrup up
They tried to infiltrate us and then betrayed us
I told you way before what happened they was hating on us
You know when we was juuging for it they was mad at us
Aye, this a letter for my dogs
How we let the money get between us
How we let these bitches get between us
How we let these niggas get between us
I got love for all my savages with itchy fingers
I got love but it ain’t like the love I got for India
She held me down when I was broke, I got her to infinity
My lil dog caught a murder, gone for infinity
Dumping ashes on your obituary, I know you feeling me
RIP my grand-dad Quick, he should have seen this shit
20 thousand on some child support, I seen that shit
Riding round with all them choppers, I done seen this shit
These rappers mad at me but these niggas ain’t doing shit
And I just bought a pound of kush so I can smoke that shit
I went and spent a half a ticket at the dealership
The fame is doing a lot of damage to my friendships
If Esco didn’t love me would’ve been done jumped ship
And it’s the love from my fans got me still here

[Interlude]
Monster!
Say I’m Illuminati, they tryna make me catch a body

[Verse 2]
I don’t know when I'ma flip, nigga
Get me some codeine and sip, nigga
Big bank saying wipe a nigga’s nose, my girl changed the lock on the doors
Before this shit pour up a fo', ain't falling in love with no ho
That what you want for me? That what you really expect?
You thinking I’m sitting up depressed?
I'm somewhere countin' up me a check
I hate I had to fuck with any of you niggas, that’s my only regret
Drag the mink on the floor
The Cuban links on my ho
Ten whips in a row, who would think we were poor?
Who would think we was poor?
There’s money laying on the floor
Got some hoes laying on some hoes
Got a shawty with me, she a pro
No she’ll never meet another nigga not another nigga like me
Even if he got a billion dollars he can’t make her cum like me
Who compliment you like me? It better be about an image
Tell me all of this a gimmick, they thought the whips got rented
Because the Spurs weren't tinted, I told em ain't got nothing to hide
I told em I’m through with the pies
Told em fuck all of my wrongs, I don’t even write
My savages, my savages, my savages
We gone leave a nigga stiffer than a mannequin
Free all my niggas incarcerated, you heard?
Loyal for life, you heard?
Free band gang! We global now..