Listen me, Geisha!
Mi waan sep you lek huas all mi girls Sing for the Huuah

Everybody everybody china wine china wine

Mix da china wine do di dutty wine
Everybody china wine everybody china wine
Everybody china wine (wohoo, w-ley, w-la)
Mix da china wine do di dutty wine

Ill Never but forget when my plane landed in jamaica
It was me Tony Matterhorn, Elephant Man and then girl that they call Geisha

She said Chea chea chea I asked her what dose it mean she said in China We Love di dutty wine so much dat we mix it with di china wine

China wine, china wine (wohoo)
China wine, china wine (heeyyy)
China wine, china wine
Mix the china wine wit da dutty wine
China wine china wine [x3] (a ready ready.. to di wine)

When di body ready wine it up
In da club on di dance in china it up
Wyclef boss blame and grind it up
Cau di we she, move she is attitude
It was seem something looks like fine ah!
Kings from jamaica for di china..
(chinese words)
And are there that her design yea
(chinese words)
Kings from jamaica and china, i'll like di fine up girl

China wine china wine [X3] (wohoo, w-ley, w-la)
China wine china wine [X3] (a ready ready.. to di wine)

Throw on my dancing shoes
I got nothing to lose
Tonight i'm gonna get da night lights (ready ready fine)
And party, away - ay

Gal make you pon con pine we do wine in clean
We a di twin when you back china wine
Everyone you shyan scha you shwayn wyclef jean
Jamaican geishan
She make me so chug collide-chug collide-chug collide ten
We dont china wine, make me a sen
Dutty, im yute from like a man grim like a sushi in china wine
And from do im widi yudi gudi yudi yu
We complete like.. (chinese words).. puff-a-little groups

China wine china wine [X3] (wohoo, w-ley, w-la)
China wine china wine [X3] (a ready ready.. to di wine)

Dance, dance, oh-whoo
Na-na-na
Im in my dance proof so
Na-na-na
Mr. china wine do di dutty wine
Everybody everybody china wine china wine

Mr. china wine do di dutty wine
Everybody china wine everybody china wine
Everybody china wine
Mr. china wine do di dutty wine
Im in my dance proof so-wy