[Intro: Wyclef Jean & (Rose of Sharon)]
Let 'em feel the beat first
(Yo, what's up, Clef? This is ya little sister, Rose of Sharon
Gimme a call back when you get from your tour)
I'm 'bout to come through your stereo
('Cause this is Friday and I need some money
To go chill with my crew, so call me back)
Should I rhyme or start with the hook?
(Start with the hook) Start with the hook, okay

[Chorus: Wyclef Jean]
To my people who don't wanna go to work
Thank God it's Friday
Cover me she 'bout to put up her skirt
Thank God it's Friday
Do your mom know you act so berserk?
Thank God it's Friday
What's the track, what's the track girl?
She don't wanna, she don't wanna work on Monday
(I wanna thank my hood)

[Verse 1: Wyclef Jean]
For makin' me a star, before I had fast cars
And couldn't tell the difference between Whoppers and caviar
Before the fame, way before things changed
All I wanted to do was freestyle and get a name
I used to work at the fast food restaurant
For minimum wage, dreamin' I'm on stage
At 17, I left the house
'Cause my father was a minister and I didn't want the Marvin route
What's going on?
Today, to sell a song, you need a video with soft porn
MCs in the industry, you want a tip?
Don't let 'em pimp you like Goldie
And tell Sony they better have my money
'Cause I play with the Commodores and leave like Lionel Richie
Low Income, I stay so hungry
That if 50 Cent came to rob me he'd be part of my charity

[Chorus: Wyclef Jean]
(I wanna thank my hood)
To my people cuttin' hair in the shops, thank God it's Friday
To the thugs sweatin' up in the chop shops, yo, it's Friday
To my people that don't got no job, every day is Friday
What's the drag, what's the drag, yo?
She don't wanna, she don't wanna work on Monday
All the Ladies sing

[Post-Chorus: Ladies, Men, & (Wyclef Jean)]
I don't feel like cooking you no breakfast this morning
(All my hoodlums say)
Well, you don't have to cook me breakfast
'Cause your girlfriend will after you leave

[Verse 2: Wyclef Jean]
(I wanna thank my hood)
For the love of money, I know kids who'll slit your throat
Friday the 13th, Jason with a trench coat
But you can't scare Suzie
'Cause her man got so many Uzis you'd think he was Gaddafi
Meanwhile, she's getting her nails done
Crystal clear so it could shine with a diamond
It's such a shame what happened last week, man
They found her under the sheets with a letter from the Son of Sam
It said to tell New York "I ain't sleepin'
You want to be clubbin' then you better pack your heatin'
And to my man G Swar, rest in peace
I still pour liquor, 1 draw of the cocoa leaf
Inhale, exhale, smoke, vanish
Polices in the area, but ain't no need to panic
You wit Wyclef, you getting in
If not, we gon' make CNN

[Chorus: Wyclef Jean]
(I wanna thank my hood)
To my people who don't wanna go to work, thank God it's Friday
Cover me she bout to put up her skirt, thank God it's Friday
Do your mom know you act so berserk? Thank God it's Friday
What's the drag, what's the drag, girl?
She don't wanna, she don't wanna work on Monday
Yo, to my people cuttin' here in the shops, thank God it's Friday
To the thugs sweating up in they chop shops, yo, it's Friday
To my people who don't got no job, every day is Friday
What's the drag, what's the drag, yo?
She don't wanna, she don't wanna work on Monday
All the ladies sing!

[Post-Chorus: Ladies, Men, & (Wyclef Jean)]
I don't feel like cooking you no breakfast this morning
(All my hoodlums say)
Well, you don't have to cook me breakfast
'Cause your girlfriend will after you leave
Daddy, play that guitar

[Outro: Guitar Solo]