[Intro: Wyclef Jean]
I'm just about done... Yo, let me finish tuning this guitar...
Yo, y'all ready for the show?

[Hook: Lauryn Hill]
Ready or Not! Here we come! All the biting M.C.'s and the pirates, I go run!
(Why?)Cause they are old! And we are young!
And while we're young, yes we're gonna have some fun! Here we go!
Skippity bop bop bop, skippity whoa!! Swing! (Yo, Yo, Yo, Yo!)
Skippity bop bop bop, skippity WHOA!!! SWING!! (Yo! Yo! Yo! Yo! Yo!)

[Wyclef Jean:]
You should've have died before you reach this station
Refugees we run the Border! Ay! Ay!...Ay! Ay!
You should've have died before you reach this station
Refugees we all go Murder! Now!!!

Yo! Now that I escape, selling four million plates
My beeper vibrates, like California earthquakes
But I keep a balanced head, cause you're hot, they're not
M.C.'s go Hollywood, then lose their spot on the jukebox
Still ichi bang, wack M.C.'s get the gong!
Lyrical tongue, wireless mics from Samsung
Wyclef, seduced once by an actress
Angela Basset wanted the head of Jean Baptiste
Meanwhile across town I still owe money to Carlito
Mama always say don't gamble; I'm trapped in casino
No more money in my bags; nightmares, getting closer
I slept on Elm Street, Freddy Kruger woke up with a German Luger
Black serial killer, man turns to gorilla
Provoked I change faces like Michael Jackson's Thriller
B-B-B-B-B-Boo! And you don't stop!!!

[Hook]

[Wyclef-Lauryn]
Yo, L-Boogie where you at?-I'm just adjusting my mic (three times)
Well won't ya, grab the mic and lead the blind to the light?!

[Lauryn]
If I could change the times, make rhymes, raise the babies
Give all the pigs rabies, send biting niggas to Haiti's
Clothe young ladies; chase the rainbow, find the pot
Free the third time offender once he learns to makes-a-lot
Lose the fame, take the money; Play boys, just like the bunny
Find a man with a plan, Slap a chicken, If she acts funny
Break the bank, on tank Stop niggas from acting stank
Take over your vouch free Rovers Teach a man to find Jehovah
Own the stores, own the tours Watch the record, pimps and whores
Make love, stop the wars Cop the land, like the laws
Make the last be the first, make the God respect the Earth
Change the murder rate to the birth! (Swing!)

[Hook]

[Wyclef-Pras]
Hey yo, Pras where you at?-I'm just adjusting my mic
Well won't ya, grab the mic and make the crowd react!

[Pras]
No more tours, no more scores
Por favor senor, I do the soundbite from here to El Salvador
Ready to take over, Like that! (Gun cocks)
Run your whole crew over, like that!! (Gunshot)
Buffalo soldier! Dreadlock rasta! Rather be slaughtered than be captured!
Three refugees, one usual suspect
Trapped in the firm, cause he fell to two techs
Prospects have thoughts, blood in like outlets
I can read your whole flow, just like a pamphlet
Thousands and thousands of watts, high volt!
Body as a Q-Tip, right on the asphalt
Tell the truth that you shouldn't sky off
This is Mr. Prakazrel, I don't take it as an insult
I grab the money, money! Stash the cash-n-dash, peddle on the gas
I'm clear like Everlast!
[Salaam Remi:]
(Never seen a refugee movin' so fast!)
Now catch me in Jamaica, chillin' at the break of sunsplash!

[Hook]

[Lauryn]
(Ooo-wee!) To Queens (Ooo-wee!) To New Jersey
(Ooo-wee!) To Brooklyn (Ooo-wee!) ...and Uptown
(Ooo-wee!) ...and Long Island (Ooo-wee!) ...Staten Island
(Ooo-wee!) ...U.C. (Ooo-wee!) ...Miami!
(Ooo-wee!) ...To Jamaica!