[Intro: Tech N9ne & (Woman)]
Take off your shirt and your bra
(Okay) Lay on the bed on your stomach
(Hmm, okay)
Okay, I'm 'onna straddle you now, okay?
(Alright)
I'ma place my palms up, then I'm gonna place the tips of my fingernails at the top of your left and right shoulders, and I'm gonna swirl down your back
(Hmm)

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
Now you're 'bout to feel the chill bumps
I'ma do this to you 'til lunch
You're the lunch that I'm talking 'bout
More chilly pimples popping out
Yes I'm giving you a chilly rub
Ain't it feeling beautiful you're loving what the milli does
Just a little minute longer with the rubbing it is nothing
You'll be begging me to hit you with the Billy Club
I'ma do it to it
'Til you got to release that fluid spew it
Tape it let her friend who never knew it, view it
Did you hella proper, now you it, do it
Yeah she running like a relay
Meaning she quick when it hits D Day
Like 180 on the freeway
You ain't gotta worry 'bout a thing nigga she lay
Chilly rubbing'll get you hot as an oven
Whether you drinking or drugging
It get you ready for loving
After you grub on the muffin
You gonna be shoving the stuffin'
Nigga you beating and busting like a percussion
Nigga it's on if she take off her top
Shivering's making her get the Riot Maker to pop
Shake her a lot
You really like her and want to ding her? Well
Palms up down her back with the tip of your fingernails

[Chorus: Tech N9ne & (Krizz Kaliko)]
Chilly rub (Uh huh!)
Call me when he leave I won't come 'til he duck (Uh huh!)
Need the stimulation I'm the illy plug (Hey!)
And you know I got that drink and I got the silly bud (Uh huh!)
And I know you want that (chilly rub!)
Watch me do it (chilly rub!)
All into it (chilly rub!)
You know what the chilly does (Uh huh!)
I know you like this touchy-feely thug (Hey!)
And every time we link you think it's really love
From this chilly rub

[Verse 2: Stevie Stone]
When she's all alone on a late night
She on a belly, face down showing all cat
Get to rubbing on the body and she moanin'
Get to screaming like Stevie whatcha call that?
I told her, baby wait a minute just fall back
I made the cookie on the lady she applaud that
And got the foreplay feeling fengshui
All gas baby tell 'em over haul that
And I be digging real good in the morning
Text to your girls that booty fire
She'll be reminiscing thinking that she love me
Forgetting every nigga that she been with prior
What is it? (Make her feel this way)
What is it? (Tell her climb on me)
What is it? (Let her ride that weed)
Baby had a very long D
I told her she could get it in time if she ready
She wanted stimulation and I'm trying to break the levy
I got her face down ass up on her belly
I'm tugging on her hair make her breathing all heavy
She fuckin' with the plug so the plug put the pipe down
'Fore them other niggas pussy on strike now
She got a creme de la creme nigga tight now
Said she want it right now, came in a night gown
Chilly rub

[Chorus: Tech N9ne & (Krizz Kaliko)]
Chilly rubs (Uh huh!)
Call me when he leave I won't come 'til he duck (Uh huh!)
Need the stimulation I'm the illy plug (Hey!)
You know I got that drink and I got the silly bud (Uh huh!)
I know you want that (chilly rub!)
Watch me do it (chilly rub!)
All into it (chilly rub!)
You know what the chilly does (Uh huh!)
I know you like this touchy-feely thug (Hey!)
And every time we link you think it's really love
From this chilly rub

[Verse 3: Godemis]
Now what the fuck is the drillbit? I'm wavy
I'm still wetter to fill up what y'all gave me
If I had a controller could y'all play me?
Cause I'm hella rain but ain't chilling with y'all lately
Me and them hood rats been on ten
She give me the green life and sin going in
If I apply pressure then the rules gon' bend
Consensual fornicating fucking with grown men
And everyone of y'all ready to be wet up
I'm on another level I ain't ever gonna let up
My homegirl rolling got to help her keep her head up
And know I got her MO trying to get her out her get up
I get up, she get on and we on some other shit
And she know what I'm on it's beyond she loving it
And she don't need that top or bottom
Unbutton it, I slap it, I flip it, I blast it
I'm rubbing it and when I'm up in it
She wetter than a T-2
No I don't need another player just me and you
I'm going off at the offence, D-2
Ain’t met a type flight nigga like me, true
You got a man but his plans just really dull
Hear what I'm saying roll out that's really bud
I'm finna ground getting pounded pretty much
Trick you're finna come and get this chilly rub

[Chorus: Tech N9ne & (Krizz Kaliko)]
Chilly rubs (Uh huh!)
Call me when he leave I won't come 'til he duck (Uh huh!)
Need the stimulation I'm the illy plug (Hey!)
You know I got that drink and I got the silly bud (Uh huh!)
I know you want that (chilly rub!)
Watch me do it (chilly rub!)
All into it (chilly rub!)
You know what the chilly does (Uh huh!)
I know you like this touchy feely thug (Hey!)
And every time we link you think it's really love
From this chilly rub