[Skit]
You know what I'm saying like...it's not bad like, you know what I'm saying? Like she'll be tryna like...level the playing field all the time. It's just like yo, reality is like, you not as stressed as me, you don't have as much shit going on as me, you not as busy as me like... You don't understand how I feel, just because you have been stressed, just because you've been tired from work. And because there was that rift I could never really talk about it, like if I talked about it, it was... 'Cause the reality is you taking the L every time in so many different things in this relationship. Like we can't really plan for shit all the time

[Intro: Mick Jenkins]
What I will, when I want, why I came
What I will, when I want, why I came
What I will, when I want, why I came
How you figure, who is you, Nardwuar or something?
You don't know shit about me

[Verse 1: Mick Jenkins]
Yeah black man and that's everything it denotes
She want a nigga that can sing
But she only ever wanna hear the C-notes
Yeah said she know that shouldn't be a thing
Just a dream, I ain't never been a cheap ho
Yeah, feeling on her body when we dance
I'm assuming her whole wardrobe probably bespoke
Yeah, 'cause it fits so tight
A silhouette in the disco lights
Call you bae, and I don't mean the San Francisco type
Lit cross, crisp pop in the light
And you smile and I swear that it gets so bright, right
Right, John Smoltz couldn't throw shade at you girl
And your black skirt been so tight, right
Gotta have a little cocaine in you girl, you addicting
Nurse Joy can you fill my prescriptions?
Should I take drugs without your permission?
If you a sin, I can't be a Christian
Listen to me tripping, I'm tripping

[Hook: Ravyn Lenae]
Nothin' is nothin' why you act lone
Somethin' is somethin' why you stay at home all night?
Blunt in my hands and pick up your phone
Pop in we'll jump and follow me home tonight
When you know that breathing, he's so, he's, he's
Ah-ah-ah-ah, ah
Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah
When you know that leaving makes me need it, need

[Verse 2: Mick Jenkins + Ravyn Lenae]
So let my resonate, we can just talk
Look here, you ain't got to hesitate under the stars
We can vibe, we can meditate
Bringing water, marijuana, we can medicate
So don't you hesitate
Why don't you ride with me
Got a boat for this water, take a ride with me
I've been waiting, I've been patient, I could slide on you
Slide on you girl, I'm with you, I'ma ride for you
Ride with you, I'ma ride, just vibe with me
Got a boat for this water, take a ride with me
I've been waiting, I've been patient, I could slide on you
Slide on you girl, I'm with you, I'ma ride for you
Ride with you, I'ma ride, down with me
Are you down with me my love?
Are you down with me for sure?
Are you down with me for sure my love?
I want you to let me know

[Hook: Ravyn Lenae]
Nothin' is nothin' why you act lone
Somethin' is somethin' why you stay at home all night?
Blunt in my hands and pick up your phone
Pop in we'll jump and follow me home tonight
When you know that breathing, he's so, he's, he's
Nah-nah-nah-nah
When you know that leaving makes me need it, need

[Outro]
I get you (right), I understand but it's like I need it (yeah, especially yeah). If every time you tryna like, make me feel guilty like I'm like (damn). You know what I'm saying? It's just like pshh (nah, that'll fuck you up for real)