[Hook]
What the fuck you know about the knight time?
Alright, what the fuck you know about the knight time?
I said, what the fuck you know about the knight time?
I said, what the fuck you know about the knight time?

[Verse 1]
Everything's alive in the knight time
Took baby steps still stuck at the crib
Train to thought was off the rail got broke
Now I'm street smart unstable album givin' ribs
These are my sons and life so hard
They own mother couldn't even feed them through a straw
Equipped to the core
Ever since birth my nigga you been staring at the mutha'fuckin' plug, damn
Fam turned to famine, never been a fan of it
Phantom power tucked
Never catch me on the scene cause a nigga go ghost
Recordin' the low so these niggas look up
Never in the midst of things
So much broken souls boy got damn thought it was pourin'
And the hoes only want you if you scorin'
But I'm sorin', living in drought
The only good thing is how life has taken you out
So much stress and it wrinkles to oh
Already me against the world
Never get along, never pout
If the cops come we dippin' and we out
5-0 dot and we gotta draw the line
Cause it's sign to the end and there's [?] just to find my beliefs
Now a nigga only way is a move

[Hook]
What the fuck you know about the knight time?
Alright, what the fuck you know about the knight time?
I said, what the fuck you know about the knight time?
I said, what the fuck you know about the knight time?

[Verse 2]
Knight time nigga, ain't no hours in the day
Three sixty-five, be the thief in the night
Don't sleep, we creep, flip scripts my way
Sign me up, logged out age of fifteen
Park side, dark side, nigga on the scene, CP3
Adrenaline rushes, I'm rushing the stage
This is not staged
I do not play, lowest of keys
Been working the [?] flow
Creating a life, there's no pianos to me
Niggas that I show love, they dropping like flies
Tear duct dry, no cries in these eyes
Jeremiah lies, I'm being deceived, inner child in me
Seen better days, when it's simple things
Such a [?], open to the world now
Cutting all the scenes, you are diseased
Surrounding me around the people that I love
Those partners, I call 'em apostles
Saint Paul born and you know that I'm riding
And my pros are with me
Ain't witnessed the change, I'm ready to eat
I'm last to the supper, now drinking divine
Divine I will be

[Hook]
What the fuck you know about the knight time?
Alright, what the fuck you know about the knight time?
I said, what the fuck you know about the knight time?
I said, what the fuck you know about the knight time?

[Outro]
Everything's alive in the knight, knight, knight, knight, knight, knight, knight
Everything's alive in the knight, knight, knight, knight, knight, knight, knight
Everything, everything
Everything's alive in the knight, knight, knight, knight, knight, knight, knight
Swear to, swear to God
Everything's alive in the knight, knight, knight, knight, knight, knight, knight