[Verse 1: theMIND]
Who's the most self conscious?
Lately I've been lookin' at tags less
Never leavin' store fronts bagless
Designer rags and conversations with facists
Mr. Wilder's a myth, theMIND is a gift
I mean, so is this gift
No longer ashamed of my thread count
In bed with a girl who's not ashamed of her headcount
Still I wake up with these cold sweats
If I ever get to sleep at all
Pray this woman fucks me soft
Instant gratification
I mean, now I'm impatient
It's hard for a nigga who never had shit to have shit
You turned into that store front, paper or plastic?
You asked for it
My dad says the Lord's blessings will rain down
I pray I stay sane now
Asking questions like, "Am I lame now?"
Because I'm still plagued by peer pressure
Craig says "survivor's guilt will probably still get ya"
Time spent is still like the only real measure
Of the four letter word
I drip my ego in gold
I wear that bitch like a fur
The only protection from the cold stares and moments that I’d rather forget

[Hook: Mick Jenkins]
Big bracelets, Rollies, big faces
Jesus pieces can't save you
VVS is stressin'
Best dressed, say less
When niggas stress it ain't true (Fuck, bro)
Cuban links and pinkie rings and trinkets
Diamonds, bling and gold, all in my grill...grill...

[Verse 2: Mick Jenkins]
Spread love
Fuck a dollar
Fuck your lover, get some head-love
Break bread with your niggas, burnin' bed bugs
Cause you don't need that
Fuck a zippy nigga feedback
We gone where the keys at
You see, I'm only ever lost when I ask where the trees at
Milly rockin' through the pressure
Middle fingers to the pessimistic
Niggas lashin' cause they simply missed the message, listen
All this gold I be talkin', what's it representin'?
If I ain't rockin' what I'm talkin'
What I'm talkin' really
Mostly metaphor
Most niggas out here talkin' silly
"Well talk about it, Mick"
Lot of people like to dance around a point, I couldn't even bust a waltz around it
I've been tryna make one
See a chance startin', I'ma take one
Only mobbin' with my day one niggas
Only shoppin' for like 15 minutes in a different city
When I'm on tour
More contemporary than a war tour, not a label whore
I don't play with niggas
Talkin' color palettes, seein' silhouettes
You see me takin' pictures
I'ma build on that
And it don't matter, I'ma chill on that
You can see it when you see me
I'ma always be me
I can keep it real like that

[Hook: Mick Jenkins]
Big bracelets, Rollies, big faces
Jesus pieces can't save you
VVS is stressin'
Best dressed, say less
When niggas stress it ain't true (Fuck, bro)
Cuban links and pinkie rings and trinkets
Diamonds, bling and gold, all in my grill...grill...

[Verse 3: Mick Jenkins]
OK, the love of money root of all evil
OK, the camel through a eye of a needle 'fore a rich man
Before a rich man know heaven
So I'm in this bitch, no wrist band
Movin', dippin', dodgin' through the temptation
I've been hasty, I be patient
I've been maybed to be never heard from again
So when I got the cash
I be spendin' like we savin'
Say, "he trippin'" till you check my balance
10 years later you can check my talents
I done doubled up from a 2-4 from 5-10
I never been no type of man to hide his shit beneath the dirt
Crack a smile beneath the hurt
You can only do that when you knew that
All those things that you had when you was up was just stuff
Without it it's like, Kith, its Just Us
Who are you when no one's lookin'?
Most niggas crooked, they money exposed
It's always sunny until it's cloudy
And then you suppose
That that door to the boat, will still be open when you reach it
Hope it work out like that for you
I wouldn't bet on that myself though

[Hook: Mick Jenkins]
Big bracelets, Rollies, big faces
Jesus pieces can't save you
VVS is stressin'
Best dressed, say less
When niggas stress it ain't true (Fuck, bro)
Cuban links and pinkie rings and trinkets
Diamonds, bling and gold, all in my grill...grill...

[Outro: London & Mick Jenkins]
Oh you never heard somebody say it's a different type of love?

It is, and I'm j-, I just admitted that like, but it definitely is. It def- def- def- i-i-is like, I'm not even denying that, like, I have to say that is, it is a different type of love...
(I told you that, 6 months ago!)