[Verse 1: Little Simz]
Deep under...pressure, when you can't deal, where'd you run to? (WHOO, WHOO!)
Blessings in my hand, what do I do with them? (WHOO, WHOO!)
The realest rappers there's only a few of them (WHOO, WHOO!)
But like I never left, like "Oh, it's you again?" (WHOO, WHOO!)
Come get some motivation, I got some to offer (offer you) (WHOO, WHOO!)
Honest human beings, no there's not a lotta (not at all)
Ready when you're ready patience is the key
If you ain't got nobody know you got a friend in me (WHOO, WHOO!)
Flip the channel, watch Helen in different energies
I'll make a mark on this planet, so you remember me
Man you should be here, you're missing out on some memories
You had a chance to see awesome shit that you've never seen
Drinking coconut water, oh how it cleanses me (cleanses me)
Mom I'm in need of all of your remedies (remedies)
I think it's time I go into therapy (therapy)
And change my name to Simone or maybe Penelope ('nelope)
Now who's this calling my phone, I'm not in the mood to talk
Sick of dead conversations that's unnatural or forced
Well how do you solve a problem without knowing the cause
Way too concerned about them, you should be handling yours
Taking my mind to somewhere I swear that it's never been (never been)
Maybe it's something that Yasim said to me (said to me)
I want the best for all of my enemies (enemies)
Be careful of what you invest your energy into
I'ma have ALXA come sing for you, coz it's in

[Pre-hook]
Coz it's in our minds belief
Only what you decide to be
Coz we're going through all these things (these things)
Just tryin' to protect our wings (our wings)
Am I in too deep, coz I can see it
What heaven brings, with loving in our homes

[Hook]
Deep underwater baby, I can see you drowning (WHOO, WHOO!)
Looking for the truth, well baby, I can see you found it (WHOO, WHOO!)
What you lot gon' do with that, most your kind just run, I mean
I know you worried bout your wings, but that life ain't no fun (WHOO, WHOO!)
Deep underwater baby

[ALXA]
It's in our minds belief (minds, yeah)
Only what you decide to be...

[Verse 2: Mick Jenkins]
Drained, pushing through the pain
You can see the...tears, I just call it rain
Brainstorm with a young black man with a thumbtack strapped to the back of his hand, on point
I ain't mean cataracts if you can't see the point
Nigga damn near a point guard
I can see the future shouts to super and the coinstar
Put a little change in it, try to fill your coin jar
Teed off, going far
On green, on par with the putt
Road less travelled, no Onstar
Just good luck or God's love, whatever you see it as
I can slow it down, you should heat it fast
They gon' take that food for thought, oh wait, don't play my nigga, you should eat it fast
See it's truth, to some it taste like they just eatin' ass
Nah, we didn't ask for your passive aggressive opinion
Sip the Red Bull, know I ain't stressin' no ceilings
Not the way that we connectin' and healin'
Be a savage if I ever misdirected the feelings
All these lessons is blessings we manifestin' and building
We got a message, we moving in hella fish we could reel in deep......underwater

[Hook]
Deep underwater baby, I can see you drowning(WHOO, WHOO!)
Looking for the truth, well baby, I can see you found it (WHOO, WHOO!)
What you lot gon' do with that, most your kind just run, I mean
I know you worried bout your wings, but that life ain't no fun (WHOO, WHOO!)
Deep underwater baby

[Outro]
Deep underwater baby
Deep underwater baby
Deep underwater baby

Deep underwater baby
Deep underwater baby
Deep underwater baby

Deep underwater baby
Deep underwater baby
Deep underwater baby