[Intro]
London - So is there only one healing component, which is love?
Mick - Yeah I think...you know, like I said that's what Jesus was down here to show us, that is literally what he showed us, like that's what- what his purpose was on this Earth. Umm, spread love and spread God's message and, and...eventually his love for us is what led him to die on the cross

[Verse 1]
Was never here to lessen your glow
I wanna see it intensified
I wanna see my niggas learning lessons and attempting to grow
I see my cousin whip get hit from the side, they swiss cheesed it
In a swift moment most niggas would misread it as well
When your dealings not as well as you've been meaning to tell
Can't tell me nothing fam, I've seen it myself
Walked away from niggas needed my help
I mean how I'ma give you what I clearly still need for myself?
Underwater tryna breathe for myself
Going deep so the pressure is massive
Really tryna be a saint, but I ain't Drew Brees I never been that passive
Always been this pensive
Niggas claiming that I'm changing cause my clothes ain't always been expensive
Always been eccentric
Never been as fake as but it came to extensions
The poems always been extensive
See this story hasn't yet been stenciled
Or adapted to some whack ass Tyler Perry minstrel movie
I detest the pretentious bougie
Motherfuckers whose presence I digest like meat
I'm vegetarian let's digress to some shit that move me
Tell shawty if we kick it then I'm just like Kangol
Girl I'm at your kufi
Introspective questions, hope you ain't no goofy
What you think about the black man?
Tell me what you know about love
Ain't no right or wrong answer
I just know we could go deeper
It's a story, every stanza
Gotta speak in allegory, spread love the new mantra
It's the healing component, it's the healing component
It's the light for the evils like a fucking patronus
Standing banded with my brothers, black Nicholas Jonas
Fuck my last name them hoes used to own us
No weapon formed against me, please don't even walk up on us
Dunkin Donuts in my coffee cause I been smelled the Folger's
I just walked in on you bitch, smell the doja
What's the basis? All these racist motherfuckers out here raping the culture
On the lowest of keys, they sowing hate for ourselves then throw bait
To kill and appropriate, they vultures
Ain't immune to reproach
Have your fucking hands up if you choose to approach us
Fuck around with the fuck around, we still might shoot

[Hook]
Dr. Strangelove
We claim that we love our sisters
That's some strange love, Dr. Strangelove oh oh
Oh oh oh
We claim that we love ourselves
That's some strange love, Dr. Strange
Don't go insane, love, know shit's insane, love
I feel your pain, Dr. Strangelove
We claim that we love our sisters
That's some strange love, Dr. Strangelove oh oh
Oh oh oh
We claim that we love ourselves
That's some strange love, Dr. Strange
Don't go insane, love, know shit's insane, love
I feel your pain

[Bridge]
So please don't lose the love we made
So please don't lose the love we made
Don't fade away, don't fade away, don't fade away
Don't fade away, don't fade away, don't fade away

[Verse 2]
How could a black man not be confused in this?
Used to hang from them trees, we abusing them now
Sons and our daughters used to follow in the footsteps of our fathers
But we losing them now
On our own scene of Lackawanna Blues for him
How society not bruise your mental?
Both claim Jesus, we Jews and gentiles
I cruise at two miles an hour
I hope everybody gets to see the love

[Bridge]
So please don't lose the love we made
So please don't lose the love we made
Don't fade away, don't fade away, don't fade away
Don't fade away, don't fade away, don't fade away

[Outro: Hook]
Dr. s-
Dr. s-
Dr. s-
Dr. Strangelove, oh oh oh, oh
Oh oh oh, oh
We claim, we claim that we love ourselves
We, that's some, that's some strange love, Dr. S-
Doc-Doc-Doctor Strange
Don't, don't go, don't go insane, love
Know sh- know shit's insane, know sh- know shit's insane
Doc-Doc-Doc-Doctor Strangelove oh-oh-oh oh oh, oh oh
Oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh
Oh-oh-oh oh oh
Dr. s- Dr. Strangelove
We claim, we claim, we claim that we, that's some strange
We, we claim that we love ourselves

[Outro]
Woman - Never changing, despite if he gets on your nerves or not. Despite if she, you know, doin' that time, or not. And she's just getting on your nerves. It's unconditional, and never ever changes. If I say I love you that means I'm gonna love you forever, that's just, that's something you have to equate with forever. Never change it...