[Produced by THEMPeople and Rascal]

[Intro: Mick Jenkins + London]
You wanna know about The Healing Component
No, I know, listen
I mean it's whatever. All you're doing is asking me about the healing component, so whatever you wanna say. Like I said I never explained it to you before either
You actually did but okay let's hear this
You don't remember it?
Yes I do
Alright what's it about?
Alright so uh, what is The Healing Component?
Aw, you tell me

[Verse 1]
Lately a nigga been meditating
Probably overly medicated
But it's heaven sent, I'm not hesitating
No, I no longer have a problem with niggas who act like they've never hated
I mean at least you know now
And for those still looking at me sideways you gotta stop sleeping on the profile
Jawline let 'em know that I can take a punch
Still gotta beat 'em to the punch though
Started drinking water at the party, I ain't even gonna front
Seen him put something in the punch bowls
So many truths go untold
So much proof that something big's about to unfold on our asses
This box is Supreme and so are the mathematics
You don't have to add it, I'm a natural at it
Spread love, try to combat the sadness
Got loud to match this
Dose of reality, lit she hit like jabs from Cassius
These titans clashing
Baby you should grab some glasses
Check you a new perspective
Get a new directive
Fuck fucking up a check, it's a new collective
And they got it for the free screaming

[Hook]
T-H-C, T-H-C
For your grace and mercy Father, we thank thee
For this T-H-C, T-H-C
For your grace and mercy Father, we thank thee
For this water (for this water), for this truth (for this truth)
Tryna put some love into everything I do
Thanking you for this T-H-C, T-H-C, T-H-C, T-H-C

[Verse 2]
I'm not always talking marijuana when I'm referencing these trees (trees)
Always talking water but that's just the truth you gotta read between the lines
And got you sniffing coke off hundred dollar bills ('llar bills)
We sip the lean, we pop the pills (the pills)
Why everything that's supposed to be bad gotta be such a thrill
Why is praising mediocrity such a skill
It bothers me
When rich niggas with minds below poverty lines
Get to play like they Socrates
I play like apostrophes
I mean I'm over the words unless they verbs
That's when we see curves like sundresses in June
The politicians addressing the youth
Talking the loudest and smokin' the boof
Show me the proof
Who puffing the love?
Who rolled up the truths?
See, as well as figuratively we only smoke gas
Who rolled up the foots?
No oops, just smoke 'em out
Brought the water had these niggas drowning and choking out
Tryna spread The Healing Component
This love through the culture now like

[Hook]
T-H-C, T-H-C
For your grace and mercy Father, we thank thee
For this T-H-C, T-H-C
For your grace and mercy Father, we thank thee
For this water (for this water), for this truth (for this truth)
Tryna put some love into everything I do
Thanking you for this T-H-C, T-H-C, T-H-C, T-H-C

[Bridge]
See this ain't what you...smoking on a regular, no
Regular I, know that that is some good shit
And it'll get you high (it'll get you high)
It'll get you high it'll take you higher
This ain't what you smoking on a regular
Smoking on, smoking on a regular
This ain't what you smoking on a regular

[Verse 3]
You see it's really all love
And I never claimed all well my nigga we can put it in stone
And I ain't ever claimed all guilt but I know if it was me in that garden
I probably woulda let all hell loose too
Who knew that a young black man might just swoop through with a new roots crew
Like the first time Mike moonwalked
When you know you got something foolproof
Free love is THC and all this tree get wrapped in truth
I know

[Bridge]
This ain't what you smoking on a regular
Smoking on a regular, smoking on a regular
This ain't what you smoking on a regular

[Outro]
Mick - When people talk about love you really only think about the, the pretty parts, the romantic parts of love people don't think about things like loving themselves and what that takes. And that you have to know yourself to love yourself and how difficult of a battle that may be. Uh, I don't think everybody even agrees on what love is or what love looks like, whether it be in the street or personally. Um, and, that's just a conversation that needs to be had and that's just what I wanna do, is start a conversation

I think it's- it's- it's setting myself up to be able to have a lot to talk about and different angles to come from. Uh, musically and lyrically and, and from a point of story telling and, and I think it's just something that we need a lot more of anyway. Whether it be just a conversation or actual acts of love you know what I'm saying? Just starting a conversation about...