[Intro: (Kanye West)]
"Don’t ask me a question about something you saw in the tabloids. Don’t try to antagonize me. Coz you know what? It’s not safe for you in the zoo. You know, never think that I'm not from Chicago for one second....and..."

[Verse 1: Mick Jenkins]
Bounce around the Southside and, I am not a gangster, but
We can throw some hands if you wanna throw some disrespect my way, scud, I mean
I know niggas with slugs, I mean
Keep it on the hip tucked, I mean
Nip/Tuck if you slip up, I mean
All that good shit nigga, all that good shit yall be talkin' ("It's not safe")
Niggas grew up hittin' stains fam
Finessing sticky situations just to put another nigga in the same jam
Stretchin' everything like Michael Jordan arm in Space Jam("It's not safe for you in the zoo")
I'm the same man, bout the same fam
91st and Langley, never did the banging
I'm just with my niggas hanging
Penguins, always black and white with us nigga
Curly hair with the coffee skin, got them shackles off me, Ray Lewis tackles for them opin-ions
Yall keep runnin' back with backwoods burnin', we don't do no backflips
Bitch this ain't no circus, found my purpose no this ain't on accident
Conversations be surface level, hear loud and clear I don't talk to niggas, that's sleepwalking
Talkin loud and yall sleep often, I be on the road, don't get to sleep often
Waking up like "where are we?", often on the planes and trains don't get to eat often
Back and forth between the papers and leaves wrap the trees often ("it's not safe for you in the zoo")
So it seems the poetry's a peace offering
Don't understand my language but they feel what I speak when I speak so I speak often
The point, a Pistol Pete, serve love, young Pete Sampras what we talking("it's not safe for you in the zoo")
I paint pictures, no paintbrushes, don't need cameras where we going, I'ma need water
If  we walking my pace, might tend to quicken
My blood, is always thicker
We bouncing around the Southside

[Interlude: (Kanye West)]
"My mother made me believe in myself… No matter how many people tell me
'Stop believing in yourself, stop saying what you can do, stop affirming what you gonna do and then, and then completing that in real life. That's the improper way to do it'
I refuse to follow those rules that society has set up and the way that they control people with low self-esteem, with improper information, with branding, with marketing. I refuse to follow those rules. It’s about truth, it’s about information, it’s about awesomeness, and the only luxury is time."

[Verse 2: greenSLLIME]
Uh
A hundred goons in that mansion
Pigs ain't gon' do me like Fred Hampton
Southside shaman resurrecting dead Panthers
Gorrillas with the llamas tell Obama, "put them hands up!"
Free my niggas, education, and that healthcare
And kick all them racist honkeys offa welfare
That's just the start of it, every gang a conglomerate
I authored this, prolly be a Martyr like our fathers is
That's that drug war nigga
Shit...I could tell you a story but this ain't no Huff. Post nigga
Puff dro with some cutthroat niggas
Better stop that fo' you a opp pack, gon head and trust yo niggas
Lil hoe I be at every show, niggas never see you like the American Dream
Most of the year I was overseas, I don't even fuck with that American cream
The exchange rate is just too low but I still rob you hoes
Clorox your whole Fort knox, my niggas still find you on Pluto nigga
This Chicago, all the conflicts is crucial
You can go ahead and get it twisted but you gon' die if you do though
Southside nigga them wild hundreds
Vincennes nigga out from the jungles
Who wanna rumble? I'm Ali but I don't fucking scuffle
Smack you like a bitch then my niggas trunk you
Smokin in the whip then them niggas dump you
I ain't see shit
I was weeded
I plead the fifth
Know it's evil, and I ain't mean to
But these pussy niggas so see through and
I just want yall to see too
Heh, yeah I just want yall to see to

[Outro: (Kanye West)]
"It’s not safe for you in the zoo. You know, nevers think that I'm not from Chicago for one second...and think you can walk up and disrespect me and my family..."