[Intro]
Yea, uhhh.. Its K'naan.. Yea, uuhh. About to take over with this, here we go I check it...

[Verse 1---K'naan]
They don`t expect me on this beat, the thunder on the street
But I never turn the cheek, surrender or retreat
You can bet that I am strong, trying to right what is wrong
They say it won't be long, keep on singing your song
But ayo you need a single, single to make a mingle
Something that's kinda simple, I'd hate to call it jingle
A single is a missile, takes you right to the middle of 106 and park and maybe Jimmy Kimmel
You'll need somebody famous co-signing for your anus
Who you got on the album I don't see where the name is
But I do it my own way I do it my own way I do, if you do what you do your own way you could be famous too

(CHORUS)

If the beat is hot does it matter where or who its from?
If the flow is hot does it really matter where I'm from?
If the song is hot does it matter cause the DJ dumb?
If the girl is hot does it really matter where she's from?
If the beat is hot does it matter where or who its from?
If the flow is hot does it really matter where I'm from?
If the club is hot does it really matter how we bump?
If the girl is hot does it really matter where she's from?

[Verse2---K'naan]
I coulda been from the west side or the Chi-Town like twista
With a flow so sick it blow you to bits it will show you the glits and gold in the wrist and the boat in the fish and I blow them a kiss, -?lets blow give them em a sweet talking in a piss while taking a piss?- are you talking to the fish or the girls in the boat exposing their tits

I coulda been from N.Y. like Rakim with the my pen
I can get paid in full  with praise and tools erased and rules my case of jewels I'm cold like a glacial cool with blades and fools I'm raging bulls

I coulda been from L.A like Dre and Snoop
Rolling in my six-four with fresh case jewels
And I'm riding on 'em niggas unless they cool
And I got border troubles like 'em essays fool

I coulda been- I coulda been from the dirty like A town or M.I.A
I could ride an invisible motor cycle and go HEY (echo hey hey)
Storm like the hurricane and I don't mean ay-bay-bay
I'm from Africa where they say K'naan- boom-aye-ay

(repeat chorus)

If you wanna make it hot then you better do a drop (echoes drop drop drop drop drop drop...)
If you wanna get a hit you better auto-tune this shit (shit, ooh yea...)
And he is tougher than you suckers none of you could ever bark at him
Look at him make you tough guys look like you are from suckatem
I do it my own my own my I do it my own way I do...If you do what you do your own way you could be famous too

Repeat chorus (x2)