So good things come to those who wait
Sure, I've waited about pop-pop-pop-pop
That's four cousins shot!
I got grudges, let's discuss this
My music needs no touch ups
I got a long record of fuck ups
Trust me you don't know a past as weird as mine
Or a life as hard as mine
I had to hustle, chop, sell drugs, grind
Whatever you want to call it is fine
But just listen, and don't prejudge
I don't want anyone dismissin' me as another thug
Or some shit like that
No Sir! If I fall I will get right back
I got circumstances, but let me stop dancin' around the issue
And tell you straight forward, I'm poor
A refugee, been in prison and survived the war
I come from the most dangerous city in this universe
You're likely to get shot at birth!

So how can rap quench my thirst
I don't even hear verses no more
I hear jerkin' off punks with lip glosses and purses
I don't see nobody operatin' shit anymore
I see nurses, fuck that! I'm gonna stay alive!
I'd rather do a stage dive!

[Hook]
And if rap gets jealous cause I rock heavy
It don't worry me if m'aa fuckers don't get it
Yo, if rap gets jealous, words that were admitted
I used to be a public enemy don't forget it
And if rap gets jealous cause I rock heavy
It don't worry me if m'aa fuckers don't get it
Yo, if rap gets jealous, cause of where I'm headed
Aggression, obsession, where pain live again

[K'naan]

So yeah, basically I gotta realease occasionaly
I gotta let you know what's goin' on with me
And facing me are some tough choices
I got a good side and a bad side
Inside my head, I hear screams, not voices
And I can't lie, ain't got Shit!
I ain't got to brag
I'm hard pressed for some cash to send to my ill dad
You're so superficial!
Of course it's for shizzle
Now my choice is to piss on you boys
Cause my mission is the world
To know my name
My aim is plainly success
But I still gotta come fresh

So, how could rap quench my thirst
I don't even hear verses no more
I hear jerkin' off,punks with lip glosses and purses
I don't see nobody operating shit anymore
I see nurses, Fuck that!, I'm gonna stay alive! I'd rather do a stage live!

[Hook]

[K'naan]

He, He, He, That's what it is,it's pain,know what I'm sayin'?
I don't know man it's like
You spend years developing your artistry
Know what I'm sayin', perfecting your skills
You can't do shit with it, Ha!
That's gotta be Fucked up!, know what I'm sayin'?
Ha! That's gotta be Fucked up
You know,just imagine like, imagine you build a Fuckin' castle
And you can't live in it, ha, That's what it is
You can't live it you know
And you got problems, you got family to feed
I got family to feed moment of truth right
And I still gotta come fresh

So how could rap quench my thirst
I don't even hear verses no more
I hear jerkin' off, punks with lip glosses and purses
I don't see nobody I can reach anymore
I see nurses, fuck that, I'm gonna stay alive, I'd rather do a stage live!

[Hook](x2)