[Intro]
"Let the Church say AMEN.....Let the Church say Amen!!"

"In the beginning, God created the Heaven and the Earth
And the Earth was without form and void
And darkness was upon the face of the of the deeb
And the spirit of God, moved upon the face of the waters
And God said.....Let there be Light, Amen!"

[Verse 1]
"Uhhh.... In the land before time
A land before guns, warfare and crime....God had a design
To make the universe with the mind
To bring the world light with just a blink of an eye

Started with the sky and then came the sea
First came the birds and then came the bees
Took those birds, put em in the trees
Tragically I see blood on the leaves

Back to the days of peace and harmony
When mankind and beast could live comfortably
No politics, no democracy
No hypocrisy or philosophies

Back when life was how its supposed to be
Back when the wind would speak poetry
When the moonlight was over me
And the stars were so close to me

Take a walk with me, to a world of peace
Try not to eat from the apple tree
Snakes tryna creep between Adam and Eve
If you don't believe then come follow me...

[Hook]
"To the Garden of Eden....of Eden
The Garden of Eden....of Eden
....WHO DO YOU BELIEVE IN??!!......
In the Garden of Eden...of Eden."

[Verse 2]
"I bring shame, I bring hate
I bring pain, for goodness sake!
Im the little needle that you stick in your vein
I'm the same lil voice inside Curt Cobain!

But ya'll know my name, and how I reign
The bottom-less pit is the land I came!!
Hell on Earth, is my domain
I want ya soul-you want the fame!

I'll give you the lights and all the bling
Give you the cars and all the shiny things!
Give you some whips, maybe throw on some chains
But little did you know, shits all the same!!

I control ya mind, I control ya brain
And everything you watch on the TV screen!
Open ya eye, it is no surprise
I'm the prince of pain, I'm the Lord of lies!!

In the land of Oz, no place like home
You call it possessed, I call it in my zone!!!
Lucifer!! Son of the morning
Close ya eyes, the end is dawning!!

Heathens talking, zombies walking
Mommas crying, kids in coffins!
Evil lurking, dogs is barking
Creatures mauling, demons crawling!!!

[Hook]