[Intro: Charlie F]
Ay... fuck it, let's get to it

[Verse 1: JFKray]
Mic check, mic check one-two
Wondering if any my lines will get through
These clowns need to slow down how many rappers I had?
So cold there's a snow plough for when I'm around, Mad
I'm holding trident in my hand that's air sea and land
Nuclear forces shoot the endorphins to my brain that I demand
Insane that the pineal gland makes me picture hell
Gasoline fiends for paper so they never leave their shell
Sending these rappers to the depths of hell stealing their breath as well
Feeling the beat and healing with heat hash peeling and then inhale
These people are poor so no more can they afford the flavour
But I'm evil so it makes me hate to be their raw lord and saviour
Now this cat thinks he's running rap then that's the whole culture I destroy
Only difference at 14 I was a rapper not a choirboy
Now I love how your mind is my canvas the chief not to be found in Kansas
Cause I paint this picture in your head my possessions  leave your face red

[Hook: Charlie F]
Yeah, they say I got the forums on fire
I ain't a GOAT, that's a goddamn lie
Really doe, like really doe
Really doe, like really doe
Downvoted for my motherfucking taste
Please, get the fuck out of my face
Really doe, like really doe
Really doe, like really doe

[Verse 2: CKoo]
Yo, it's been a long time since I last thought of a rhyme
But I just got a line, which morphed into my mind
And it all just aligned so now I'm off to freestyle
So, bitch, prepare your vagin-a cause I won't soften tonight
Watch me sip a wine, while you gos-sip all time
You might be a dime, but if you don't stop talking all night
I might co-mmit a crime and force it inside
Then I'll sleep, while you get some rest in a coffin tonight

[Verse 3: Bumpman]
Fucking pigs, I got some loose ends to fix
If the cops come they'll have me hanging from the crucifix
All these bitches, they be looking for the pimp
But I be looking for the chick with diamond piercings on her pussy lips
Spent that check on a loud pack
Grabbed my gat and unload a clip where all the motherfucking frats at
I don't give a fuck who hit it first, my batting average in tact
These niggas claim they ballin' but they really getting syntaxed
Need debuggin'? All my raps is rugged
And yeah, I'm really fucking bitches like it's nuttin'
Leave these rappers like the Backwoods that I'm guttin'
There is nobody that I trust in
I can tell you fake 'cause the platinum on your neck is rustin'
Holy, Holy, can't nobody hold me
Do this shit for mankind but I'm not Mick Foley
Pimpin' pens like I'm professional at bowlin'
I'm the master and the game need controllin'
Hack into the system like I'm Edward Snowden
So much money, you'd a thought it was stolen
Everything I write is golden

[Hook: Charlie F]
Yeah, they say I got the forums on fire
I ain't a GOAT, that's a goddamn lie
Really doe, like really doe
Really doe, like really doe
Downvoted for my motherfucking taste
Please, get the fuck out of my face
Really doe, like really doe
Really doe, like really doe

[Verse 4: gamemast15r]
I hate life, I'll rape Christ
With steak knives for eight nights
Tie his ass to the break lights
Then laugh at his ass while I ate rice
I worship Cthulu while I pray to the Desert Eagle
The worst part about this is I'm part of the lesser evil
But I'll still kill you and anyone else in a rhyming spree
I sold the soul of Jimmy Iovine, then hooked him up to the IV
The soul of MC Ricky D told me to stop lying
Stop crying, you know you ain't shit
Cause if you a plantiff then clack clack I aced it
Don't say shit, you dumb snitch; aftermath you won't fuck wit'
I don't tuck shit, I'm suicidal, I fling shit out in public
This verse sucks as much as your girl does, she's a succubus
This beat makes me wanna smack my face into a guard rail
Part Mechanical, part human, part heaven, part hell

[Verse 5: ThaHipHopHead]
Someone call the priest, the beat’s deceased
Soon as I step on it, bread I get, easy to see
I go ham with c-notes, everyone’s like “really doe?”
Take a page from Gambino, are you really eatin' though?
I bring ruckus like King Kunta or a member of the Wu
It’s December, woo! The season to dismember you
With one mic, I just might illuminate ya life
Still true enough to cypher, or get in a gunfight
The Caped Crusader killing these clowns, no remorse
I’ll warp reality, end your career before you’re even born
I just might fuck around with a smile as I go to Hell
Holed up, well, ThaHipHopHead’s out with a twelve

[Hook: Charlie F]
Yeah, they say I got the forums on fire
I ain't a GOAT, that's a goddamn lie
Really doe, like really doe
Really doe, like really doe
Downvoted for my motherfucking taste
Please, get the fuck out of my face
Really doe, like really doe
Really doe, like really doe

[Verse 6: Corduroy Crook]
5 minutes in and I'm already writing
6 seconds in it's already written
7 later I'm Los Angeles bound
G-going back back to the daily spliffin
I'm a hater man this a poor decision
Really doe kinda weird when it comes to spittin
I could switch flows with a different style or flavor
No dollar saver this is big change
Sound so deranged- with a flow like this
Rap genius no wonder why he so insane
Can't slow the pain – with a knife like this
I need masters show you that I'm off the chain
This is record breaking
This been renegaded
This the best verse I can tell you hate it
Twelve four one six it's forever dated
And I showed you with a quick demonstration
How effortless I can handle this
Six teen ain't nothing but a year to me
And how it's speedin up
Its like a month it seems (Wait)
Let me slow it down
Gotta pace myself
Running tracks put me in a brace once
So now I kick rhymes
And I don't ask for help
I dont give it either
I am not a teacher
Any lesson learned is coming from the hand
But I'm here to serve till my dying word
Times up pray your rain don't flood this earth

[Verse 7: BOYBETTAHKNOW]
If you ain’t getting money why you always in the club then?
I’m So Appalled like Ye and Pusha was in twenty ten
And if you sneak dissing why you tryna be my friend?
You need to tell your girl to stop sliding in my DMs
I met her a week ago
And she really go down low
She gave me her number but I never ever ring it though
Flowing like I been a pro
Even though it’s my first go
Heads all bout to turn like they was in a fucking velodrome
I sip so much Red Bull and vodka I can barely speak
You try to diss me I’ll put you in A and E for weeks
The doctor said “Man your chance of living is looking bleak
But BBK just stopped by to tell me your girl’s a freak”
I’m 21 you Tyga
I got No Heart I’m cyber
I’m tryna have the best god damn verse in the whole cypher
I buy my girl designer
Exclusive furs from China
I killed the rap I killed the track where the fuck is my lighter?

[Hook: Charlie F]
Yeah, they say I got the forums on fire
I ain't a GOAT, that's a goddamn lie
Really doe, like really doe
Really doe, like really doe
Downvoted for my motherfucking taste
Please, get the fuck out of my face
Really doe, like really doe
Really doe, like really doe

[Verse 8: Anglo Blaxon]
Walkin' in with a pocket of sin, Pac on my playlist
Partner is parked in the parking lot,handicapped, with a getaway Benz
Pistol in palm, picture the panic people havoc at the sight of a gun...
"Pardon me"
The more you scream; the more I go
I split your wig, like Moses' pole
If you ain't shit, then I downvote
Hocus Pocus, that black magic, a bag full of acid tablets just disappeared if I'm spazzin'
It's fucking tragic, an accident had to happen that night when the planets lined up, all planned by the Devil's madness
I prayed to God for an answer, he responded back with lightning contact, imagine me: a tyke in pampers possessed by the soul of Marshal Matthers...
Walkin in! Pockets full of Bens! For the City riiight?
I just bought! New Mercedes Bens! For my nigga riiiight?
I'm way too good for my own own good!
On top of the game and there I stood!
You plan on dissin me?
I WISH A MOTHAFUCKA WOULD!

[Verse 9: OGASAPTRAPLORD]
Spittin' crack ya i'm freebasing
I'm illuminated like a freemason
Took off the mask now they scream Jason
Opposed to me you flee nations
Look at me and you get stuck waiting
Breathe in we agree with satan
Breathe out you cremated
All  of your raps sound predated
Entice em and grin, ahead of my kin
You swim with the fishes I embellished the fin
I meddle with devils i developed to win
The one that likes to sin
The light looks bright well i'm making it dim
When i walk in they say oh that's him
Smacks your bitch on a whim
The dude that always can
Wishing you could I wish a motherfucker would!

[Hook: Charlie F]
Yeah, they say I got the forums on fire
I ain't a GOAT, that's a goddamn lie
Really doe, like really doe
Really doe, like really doe
Downvoted for my motherfucking taste
Please, get the fuck out of my face
Really doe, like really doe
Really doe, like really doe

[Verse 10: KenZin0]
Yo it's back to business
I've been twisting in the wind for a minute
These wounds are self-inflicted
Who the fuck am I kidding?
I've been a victim of my own erratic moves and decisions
I'm never finished bitch
Haven't I said that I'm never quitting?
Feeling close to the edge
A body with no head
Worthless as shit, a pencil with no lead
Why did I wait so long to address it?
Thoughts all a mess, took my dream and wrecked it
Year after year became more dependent
Reckless with my 'scripts and obsessed with
The feeling of not feeling depression
POP POP POP a pill
Try to escape from what's real
Smoke pot, throw shots
Try to numb how I feel
But the pain is worse than the hangover
So I try to remain sober
Avoid triggers and chain smokers
But I'm sick and tired of playing the loner
Fixated...
Fixated, frustrated
On all the shit that’s been happening lately
I can’t explain it, can’t catch a break
My thoughts are racing most everyday
It’s the strangest thing
You look at my face and you swear you say I'm spacing
Levitating, foggy and hazy
Hail Mary, I'm just anxious
Go ahead and blame me
I do the same talk shit to myself daily
Like why the fuck you keep popping pills?
You know that shit's making you crazy
Like Keanu Reeves
I'm a star off of Speed
But I feel like I’m in the Matrix
These benzodiapeines taking a hold of me
I don’t know if i’ll make it
And my old bitches got me feeling all fucked up
Sitting all alone in a room all drugged up
Sipping on a brew so I guess I'm love drunk
Contemplating fucking up these bitch ass young punks
Too much time spent dwelling on shit I can’t control
Stressing over my past
On some bullshit that happened years ago
Can’t change my yesterdays
And have no clue what the future holds
Can't concentrate on the present
Thaw me out my mind is froze
God grant me the serenity
To except the thing that I cannot change
Courage to change what can be changed
And wisdom to differentiate
Gotta learn to keep first things first
Fuck the bullshit,I know it hurts
But sometimes I only make things worse
By talking down to myself
When it only me against the world
Me against the mother fucking world

[Verse 11: Donny Danko]
I send shivers up your spine
Dispersing through your vertebrae
Delivered to your mind
Interpreting the words I say
Listen to my rhymes
I ain’t perfect but I persevere
Tending to my bars
Like a person who be serving beer
The final curtains here, time to take a bow
And I pray to God that he won’t forsake me now
It just frustrates me how I can’t seem to articulate
The thoughts within my head
But they will come out if you’ll wait, yo
I’m-a keep rapping no matter how much I get ostracized
I ain’t gonna quit until Kate Moss is Rick Ross’s size
No matter what they say, I’m-a keep trying
And become an all around star like the belt of Orion, yo
Always conscious rap, call me an insomniac
Rappers say they ill, I see a crowd of hypochondriacs
I’ve got some problems but that’s shit I’m going to solve
Going hard in the game until I get blue balls

[Verse 12: Final]
As the Alarm sounds
Take another look around
Wipe my eyes, to no surprise
Corny niggas wearing crowns
But i don’t feel the unfamiliar because a nigga was born realer than these flow stealers
Tryna play the game but hittin’ a wall like an outfielder
What a bitter pill to swallow, and a tough act to follow
I flow like the hair of Polamalu from the steelers
When it’s my turn, i burn words as soon i touch-down
Jumpin off my spaceship- looking for lunch now!
My peers appear to be satisfied yet i’m never glad if I
Gratify if i can’t survive life on the battered side
Lyrics pitch hard shit like lookin’ into the batter’s eyes
Battery charged up and flattery cast aside
I’m chasing praise in the safari
Til the hairs on my face is gray and got more ferraris
Than empty bottles of Bacardi
This isn’t imagination fascinating the mind
Its the activation of aggravation through rhyme
That’s lacerating and decapitating the kind- of
Rappers that fail to meeting the bar with fabrications of being on par
It’s a sign, that after I prevail then i’m leaving it charred
Now let another faggot talk about happiness
I’m not going stagnant til my name is in a sequence
Including Pac, Big, Rakim, and Nas and them!
Told myself: Don’t play the fool!
You aim for a spot where there’s no replacing you
Let me try breaking down this break through
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
He chucks til there ain’t a tree or bush or switch in the other neighborhoods
Bury them under wood like no other could
Should of let a nigga slumber understood? What it means is
I wish a motherfucker would

[Verse 13: Strayakunt]
Ninety Six crazy as the day I came out the womb
4 minutes late I’m missing a few screws
I wish this party had more booze less bitches
I’m reconnecting with mine after sending her my best wishes
Half a world apart been fantasying about us
The Eleanor to my Park on the school bus
You like me despite the fact that I’m not cool enough
She broke my heart so I’m screaming out ‘fuck love’
But lately I’ve been dreaming of her house and what it’s like inside
Sick of asking ‘what if’, I’m losing my damn mind
I’m down for a visit if she’s down for the night
Fuck my mixtape I can work on that in my spare time
My parents can’t say no they brought their hands to a knife fight
And who cares if we aren’t as close the timing feels so right
You’re still pretty and you keep saying my flow’s tight
It’s all good I wish this motherfucker would

[Verse 14: Robb MC]
There I am, come on, let's see: how do you guys expect me to go rapping?
Technique? I do believe I got plenty... as much as the web's got them memes
I grew up with Parappa the rapper, not with some thug gangsta representin
I'm not for that "kill or be killed" so go ahead, hire a serial killer to kill me!

(Is this the guy I'm supposed to kill? Alright...)

"Robb MC"; never did rob 'em, see?
Never been a raw bamsey
Can it be he's romantic?
I don't think, he's not hectic
But it seems he's got ethic
'96: he's got 20
I don't see, it's not that difficult: peek and I'm aimin'...
There, I see: the shot bangs in
I don't think he'll dodge Matrix style
He won't, he's gone; well jeez...
Why the hell he's now rapping?
What's going on? I don't get it!
Wait a telekinetic? The bullet's coming back in!
[Window shatters] Dang it!

[Verse 15: KUZGUN]
Nigga, I'm still young, have some patience with us
There's gon' be some fake motherfuckers saying they been there from day 1 with us
Don't know no Yakub, only the Jacob's I walk in to get my neck gold-plated and such
I'm a big beast, thief in the night with the chopper, like Trouble, nigga
Why that Redskin CB mad when my CB's just hit double digits
I only keep my hand on the clutch, I feel like Rob Horry
Blue skies from here on out, I feel like Jigga-Man when he dropped Glory
Fuck around, get you tripped up like Russell Westbrook
Check, look, this shit what I call the "Just Got Out The Struggle" checkbook
I can't my victims gingers, this new Uzi gon' leave them soulless
Niggas trappin', their bank account numbers less than the Browns' E-L-O's, shit
Niggas trappin', never seen anything as bad as the V.Z. blocks
Niggas thinkin' I let any average hoebag eat cock
If she ain't boujee, bad, or Venezuelan, she got a better chance of copping a copy of Detox
Talkin' money, while y'all niggas trynna eavesdrop
Oh, fuck, I'm a bar short, that was fifteen bars

[Verse 16: Athy the Savage]
I love my bitches like Endgame loves dick, hairy
Like Potter, cold beer and a joint when the weather gets hotter
Where I'm from, you hang with yo' own
Gypsies raping gypsies ain't nothing but the norm
In here we don't jump fence
Play for your team, boy, don't do the devil's dance
People die, no fucks are given
But that graveyard full on every weekend
You a fuccboi, like you main Riven
I'm driven by all this sick shit, we pimps, shit
Dirty south, but screamin fuck AL tho
This that dark shit, don't dance hoe
Or Imma get ZayWopStan to fuck your bros

[Verse 17: Bravo]
Um, yea... look...
It's big bravo, ridin' round with the draco
Couple sluts, had tough luck, and got stuffed in the tahoe
Well I'm fucked up, off the liquor
And they happened to call me a nigga
So I buck-buck the trigger
Barely fatal, how I missed her?
Fuck!
She said "it's crowded in the backseat", like really tho?
I tend to ditch reality and forsake the physical
85 continue to sleep while I aim for the pinnacle
Wacks rappers can't remain discreet
I'm coming straight for your clavicle
Pull up in a skully, no ski mask
Extended clip on the mag
Grab the Polaroid with the flash
Take a pic of your dead body
And gladly sent it to your dad
You niggas clown, resemble that nigga Kinko
Throwin' lyrical jabs
I'm going full on Tito
Cold steel tucked in the socks, my soul go subzero
Born Ruler, Allah forgive the shooter
Victory belongs to me, no foes can touch this Cipher

[Outro: KUZGUN]
Oh, shit, wait, that rhymes
Ha

[Verse 18: Endgame]
All these pussies talking shit
But i'm blessed up
Eyo, shoutout to my nigga ZayWopStan
Ye, he next up
I've been seeking recognition in these streets
But that ain't enough
Been failing school since i got my first dub
Real talk
No subs
AL screaming fuck them other niggas
Shoutout to Nis bruh
Coby been carrying all these other niggas
I'm like Khabib, and rap be my sambo
This town a wild jungle nigga
But i'm Rambo
Yeah, yeah
Eyo, Ben left me alone here with the cancer twins
This shit is kinda cringe
But ion give a fuck, can't suck
Cause yall put the standards too low
My nigga Athy bring the kush and let it blow
Why am doin this? Ion even know
Didn't even try to write a real verse like you bitches
Shut your mouth, wash my dishes
No bars, no digits
I renegaded this shit like what Thugga did to Meek
Get intoxicated every week
Fuck is you talking 'bout?
Bitch you offended me
You ain't no friend of me
Cause yall weak

Wait, what beat am i doing this on?
...
Really Doe?
You picked that beat?
Really though, like, really though?