[Intro: David Banner]
I wish I had my pistol
Niggas think the south is a motherfucking fad, nigga
I went back and picked up my nigga B.G
We gon' crank this mug
Southside, motherfucker!

[Chorus: David Banner and B.G.]
Bloody War! Bloody, bloody war!
What you think these bullets and all these guns made for? (made for)
Bloody War! Bloody, bloody war! (war)
What you think these bullets and all these guns made for?
[Chorus: B.G.]
They made to bust with em (bust wit em,) they made to bang with em (bang with em,)
If you trippin, they made to knock out your brains with em
They made to bust with em (bust wit em,) they made to bang with em (bang with em,)
If you trippin, they made to knock out your brains with em

[Verse 1: David Banner]
I'm hittin you bitches
With choppas, running from helicopters and duckin the feds
Thirsting for blood, ready for war, I'm wanting you dead
I want that nigga to come that shit, so I can get it back and go beat that bitch
Teach that snitch, about that south; the place where we woulda putta bullet in your mouth
Take your doe, take your cash, and let the grim reaper come and take your ass
Imma slow it down cause I'm goin to fast, Imma slow it down to fast
This the last time that I'm gonna remind you niggas, Imma cock back and put a hot dime in you niggas
That's ten shots, ten pops from a fucking Glock, I wanted peace, but now my piece is clearing out the block
Knock, Knock. Who is it? Bitch, call me David Ban
The man with a plan to put your ass in some land
Bitch!!!

[Chorus]

[Verse 2: B.G.]
Nigga, where I'm from
All we do is kill and hustle
If you come slipping without that pistol, you in trouble
I'd insult niggas, on a block that got they're stash took
The niggas who took it turned around and got his ass busted
I'm out here, half the time I don't sleep
How I'mma sleep when I'm in the streets and I got beef?
On my block it's war; we live like we in Pakistan
I got the mac in my pants, and I got crack in my hands
I give it how you want it; I take it how it come
They say you live by the gun, and you die by the gun
I been a little soldier; I been a little beast
I'm even wilder, I got Soldier Slim livin through me

Chorus

[Verse 3: David Banner]
When I pray, I don't know what to say
Just beg to the Lord to let me see another day
A AK totter, 1st quarter, flipping through Psalms
Sweat on my palms, bomb ass weedwill keep me calm
Strap on my arm, the streets is feeling like Vietnam
Murdering Uncle Toms, I'm crunk like I'm Lil' John
I'mma wizard waving a wand, your bodies up in my palm
If you kill me flex, hit the block and go take care of my moms nigga
(B.G.)
My mom ashamed of me, I'm in the game now
I tell her momma don't trip, it's too late to change now
I'm on the block with it, I'm in the club with it
Wherever you catch me at I'm ready to bust with it

[Chorus]