[Intro: brandUn DeShay]
Man, this instrumental is ultra... ultra fucked up
But, I mean...
I couldn't find any better
I had to get on this one
This the only shit I was feeling, so

[Verse: brandUn DeShay]
Started out hustling, ended up balling
Wouldn't give me her number, she ended up calling
Niggas claiming they fly, but they ended up stalling
Soon as their verse started, I ended up LOL'ing
That's LOL present tense, Jesus, how I'm raising dead presidents
Ain't got a greatest hits, but you're gonna always get the best of me
Got a whole, whole lot of heart up in the chest of me
I ain't gay, but passed with flying colors when they testing me
Especially the compos, uh oh, there's trouble, Joe
Fans hype because all my shit tight like some muscle shows
Throw a couple shows and everybody showing up
I swear, wasn't a year ago ain't nobody noticed us
No need for introduction here, they already know it's us
Throw this on the iPod, they already know what's up
It's us, so they know it's tough, Odd Future back in the spot
We at the top, whether you like it or not
While they cooking up schemes, put the caters on them
Uh oh, just ran out of fingers to count the haters on
So onto the toes, they're coming with more
But, damn it, I'm so gifted, I should come with a bow
Goddamn it, I'm so lifted, I should come with a rope
God-given, I should come with the Pope
I ain't baking with flour, but yo, I'd love to be rolling in dough
They're yelling, "DeShay, you're on fire!" Should I stop, drop, or roll
Or shoot a couple three-pointers like in NBA Jam?
There's people swearing they can beat me when they know that they can't
It's so sad and shameful, the blame is on them
They had a sold-out game and now it's raining on them
Aww, so say hi to the bye-byes and see-you-laters
You looking out of date with them wheels like roller skaters
Man, these niggas is so slow, they modem staters
Shit, I'm trying to get more than haters, they're motivators
I dropped the world, I'm so clumsy with globes
But then again, I dropped my girl, I'm so clumsy with hoes
But what do you know? If this a show, then we're co-stars
On this track, I'm about to black like Jim Crow laws
I'm here pleading with the bass, like, "Why you hitting so hard?"
The whole city on my back, but how I get so far?
Perseverance and persistence, dog, I had to work truly hard
You want the success to come overnight like booty calls
But you ain't even getting no booty calls, so how could you metaphorically do it?
Don't you know that sounds stupid?
God gave you a brain, right? So use it, be prudent
Dope producer-slash-rapper-slash-A and B student
Now I'm the future

[Outro: brandUn DeShay]
That's brandUn DeShay
Telling you to upgrade your GPA
Niggas
Stay in school
Don't do drugs, give hugs