[Intro]
"This has once again proof that no routine police stop is actually routine. We saw that last week of course, in Brooklyn with the tragedy over there and then again last night here in Tottawa, another police shooting"

Here's what they think about you

"I hate little motherfuckers like you. Little niggers like shit! Think your tough, huh? Blow your head off, your little Smith and Wesson couldn't do shit. How you feel now?"

[Hook- David Banner]
Cops keep firing in my environment
Middle finger to the law nigga gripping my balls
Cops keep firing in my environment
Middle finger to the law nigga gripping my balls
Cops keep firing in my environment
Middle finger to the law nigga gripping my balls
I like to see them fall, guilty for doing wrong
Middle finger to the law nigga gripping my balls

[Verse 1 - Nas]
Now all you hypocrites, witness the injustice
Conversations taped illegally, then they cuff us
U.S. attorneys, public defenders send us off to hard prison time
Whether you innocent or did the crime
Say you come from who this cops pursue you hard
Run your plates, put guns in your face
Put you in the car, for nothing
Now your strugglin', tied up, standing in line-ups
Call your lawyer, they charged you with murder
Why? Cuz these liars said you shot another man on his driveway
Guilty, just for being black on a Friday
Polygraph test you failing, because you're nervous
Charged for murder you didn't commit, then they serve ya
Fifteen years, maximum security
Slashing, stab wounds, broken bone injuries
You were placed there intentionally
Either you bang or you miss me, listen to me

[Hook]

Im grippin' the Nina, visions of 9/11
Visions of three sixes, no sevens
This is Bushonomics, George is a modern day Ronald Reagan
I pray to god in the midst of Pagans
Niggers I'm just saying
When do we stop playing?
When do we stop pimping and start spraying?
50 shots for every cop that popped Sean Bell his body lay'in
But they acquit cuz they know
That our generation won't do shit! Nothing, nada
But every rapper is a shotta or a Don Dada
Or a killer, but you ain't killing nothing
And it's peace unless it's another nigga
Tryna raise boys to Superman
And while I'm at it fuck Arthur J. Cooperman
It's never justice for blacks but they send just us to Iraq
With poor whites and Latinos
I pray to God that you hear this single
This is Banner's middle finger y'all

[Hook]

[Outro]
You still want to be nigga too?
(*Gunshot sound)