[Intro Dialogue: Bonecrusher&  Beezle]
David Banner
(Yeah, huh, wha-,  what, huh, yeah, huh)
Listen! (Huh, huh)
What's up? (What's up)
Oh, you know Beezle out, Bone. (Got your back nigga.)
David Banner (Oh!)
You niggas talking how hard it is, we gonna see about you, nigga!
(Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Fuck boy!
(Huh, Bone, what, yeah)

[Hook: Bonecrusher]
See when you pop that drama on right
On somebody gonna see about ya
See it's a test to see if you're a bitch
Or you've got some G about ya
See about me shorty
See about me shorty
You popping hard at your guns
We gonna see who running
See about me shorty
See about me shorty
You popping hard at your guns
When gonna see who running
You bitch, nigga

[Verse 1: Beezel]
I'm old school, I just came by for the gangbang
Frank the Tank, quick to pop off of the big thing
We got kicked out of parties and we eat up the wings
And nigga who throwing a party, we had his pretty young thing
She come up missing a fifth of jack, fifth of Jim Beam
Your jewelry missin' I'm on my album covering featuring your bling
President Bush, I'll tell what you can and can't do
Shot a busher? run your bankroll, that ain't you
It looked better in my pocket, we gonna hold on to it
I'll give you one minute just to say so long to it
Fuck a chorus, I got right and left hooks for your ass
Why you think they call it break em off?
We whipping that ass

[Hook]

[Verse 2: David Banner]
Pussy, motherfucker I was born here to die
Bitch laying down cause I want it all night
I came to make your enemies feel sick
Make that nigga leak, bust and kill his whole kliq
Yo, big south side and we never had nothing
But guns, we had fun when them AKs start busting
Little kids crying, bitches ducking, and niggas cussing
My pistol's like a pussy and she needs some finger fucking
I'm ready baby, baby, side guess that's why these niggas
I'm Slim Shady, like, "Hi, my name is."
Down a bitch, coming down, looking good
And gonna blow your fucking brains on the hood, nigga

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Beezel]
Where I'm from, they bust your top
Or they cut out the top
Trying to get boo and go for fuck out the block
Fighting time, oh I'm a hour early folk
And concerts know the time my t-shirt get soak
Cause I be vested up and these two guns very protecting them
I'm like Khia, gotta lick shots to my naked butt
And if I get a chance to let off them things, call the Reverend up
Used to get more shit than that black guy from 7-Up
When I catch a case, I'll tell the judge like this
I'm the victim, that boy chin kept assaulting my fist
All that chin-butting that how he bent up his jaw
Reckless chinning, calling it Jay Leno law

[Hook]