[Hook: David Banner]
Everybody in my city pushing keys and that's all these kids see
If that's the only thing they hear then that's the only thing they'll be
We call it "Swag, swag, swag!"
We call it "Swag, swag, swag!"
The homies is busting slugs, the women is shaking ass
The white girls call us "nigga" and we just sit back and laugh
And call it "Swag, swag, swag!"
We call it "Swag, swag, swag!"

[Verse 1: Kardinal Offishall]
Banner, let me get them, let me speak up
Let me tell them 'bout swag, let me tell them 'bout fraud
Let me tell them 'bout pride and growing up black in a land so cold
You can freeze your soul if you don't have your wits about you
I will out you, if you talk that swag shit loosely
I been chilling on tour 'round the world
And most of the egos really don't move me
I came from the hood but I came up good, my mama raised me right
I was more into Malcom than into talcum, different kind of fight
I see niggas sell out who they really are for fame and money
Denounce a profit just for profit with no interest to stop it
My calculations showing as a people we regressing
Most of the rappers I know are intelligent
But they would never bless you with a lesson
They would rather feed you to bitches, drugs, and guns
Like fucking clowns
They ain't concerned with your block cause they in the 'burbs now
What's worse, a white supremacist plotting to kill you with evil
Or black faces on the T.V. poisoning our people
Mentally in the streets, our brains are in a body bag
I hope you vote Obama twice, but some of you won't
Just blame it on your swag, swag, swag

[Hook]

[Verse 2: David Banner]
Is anybody on the next level with me?
I'm hearing niggas dissing God, y'all think it's witty
I ain't laughing, we don't play in Mississippi
Even when I was broke, selling my soul wasn't tempting
Let a white cop shoot a black kid, you'll see a few tweets, that's it
He'll march for a minute, that's it, get a new outfit and a dance like this
Cook! Swag! Woo! Cook! Swag! Woo!
Black kid dead and ain't nobody mad
They won't speak the truth, these niggas been scared
Call my flow the pudding, the proof's in there
I say the shit they say I shouldn't, I ain't never cared
I been everywhere, took game, spit it, and left it there
I brought a couple of slugs to yo hood, pray I don't leave 'em there
I hope that you don't give me a reason, double dare
I'm hard to scare, I'm what they fear, a black planet, starts here

[Hook]