What’s Killing Our Culture? III is a collaborative piece co-authored by Grammy award- winning artist/producer David Banner and mental health professional Dr. Dia. David Banner’s song and video “Swag” embody the true power of Hip Hop, addressing topics  from police brutality to saving our youth. What’s Killing Our Culture? III will further explore the question by highlighting the poignant messages expressed in this revolutionary song


“If that’s the only thing they hear then that’s the only thing they’ll be”
~David Banner, “Swag”

Disrespectful and ambitionless, violently engaging in illegal behavior…the symptomology describing our youth is well known. In the court of public opinion, these behaviors are blamed on Hip Hop culture. In professional circles, environmental factors are identified as the problem. The symptomology has been discussed through grant funded studies and countless journal articles and books. But our youth have yet to be healed, because the illness, our poor self-concept, has been ignored

“I’ll never let a mutha***** think for me”
~David Banner, “Swag”


Self-concept, a person’s view of their overall self, is a highly sensitive internal process impacted by both passive and active interactions. From our own perceived abilities to our aspirations, it drives our own beliefs about who we are as individuals


“Let a white cop shoot a black kid, You’ll see a few tweets, that’s it”
~David Banner, “Swag”


Too often the environmental messages Black Americans receive propagate poor self-concept. Hollywood typecasting says “You’re the constipated-faced drug dealer.” The industry says, “You’re a video hoe.” Local news says “You’re the week’s most wanted.” Family says “The darker you are, the less attractive you are.” Teachers say “You’re not as smart.” Neighbors say “You’re suspicious.” Social media says, “You’re ghetto.” Police say “you fit the description.” American history says “You’re a slave.”

These messages constantly communicate Black life is less valuable, and are the source of the illness, poor self-concept. As problematic as the behavior is, it is the illness that fuels the symptomology we see in our youth, as well as ourselves


“More like a thinker, dreamer, believer – pick one”
~David Banner, “Swag”


Positively shaping the self-concept of our children, and ultimately our communities is an individual and collective undertaking. It is as much about celebrating us, as it is redirecting behavior. Children are a reflection of adults, and we have all been subjected to the same messages. Redefining their self-concept requires we re-examine ours. The beauty of self-concept is it changes as one’s thinking changes. We have the tools to empower ourselves, claim our space, and re-build our communities. Black Americans are walking miracles that have made unbelievable achievements in the face of insurmountable obstacles. Imagine the power and healing we can achieve when we go to the source of the illness, as opposed to focusing on the symptoms! Now is the time!





David Banner holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Business from Southern University and is a semester and thesis away from earning a Master’s Degree at the University of Maryland. He’s been awarded various honors for his community initiatives, and testified before Congress at a hearing titled, From Imus to Industry. David Banner recently released the album and launched the 2M1 Movement. Learn more at davidbanner.com

Adia “Dr. Dia” Winfrey, Psy.D, is the author of H.Y.P.E.: Healing Young People thru Empowerment (African-American Images, 2009). She’s been featured on NPR, in JET Magazine, and endorsed by syndicated radio personalities Tom Joyner and Michael Baisden. Learn more at letsgethype.com, and check out “What’s Killing Our Culture? It’s Not the Mainstream and Tight Jeans” and “What’s Killing Our Culture? II It’s Bigger than Hip Hop” on NewBlackMan (in Exile)