[Rapping: Meek Mill, Verse 1]
Uh, go hard for that paper so I can get what I want
Stood in the back, I couldn't fit in the front
Now I pull in the back, my whip sit in the front
With no roof on that bitch, I let it flip in the trunk
Like it's gymnastics, I know magic
Caught with the bastards, early gymnastics
I never had a master but I done mastered
The art of getting money in a timely fashion

[Talking: Omelly]
You know we still...remain real nigga, you know, niggas be playin'
You gotta see 'em, you gotta see me man
When you see me you keep the same energy that you had
You know what I'm saying?
I got blood all over me, you know, when, when you niggas pop shit
Just know that y'll gotta see us, We not gunna tweet you niggas or nothin'
You have to see us. You see what I'm saying?
I mean that's a nigga jaw right there today. You gotta see us
And it could have got worse but, you know, these niggas be pussies
You don't even got to take it there. It's just how I be feelin' , I don't know
Shoot, just keep the same energy
Whenever you say something about any Dreamchaser, nigga, just keep the same energy when you see us and man
Anybody, we ain't got no picks over here. Dreams worth more than money

[Rapping: Meek Mill, Verse 2]
Uh, gimme some levels, turn it up
Uh, they sayin' that I talk too much money
But maybe cause I saw too much money
I can't chase around no broads with no regard to touch money
So if it ain't about no paper, get them all the fuck from me
Young dummies, uh, realest, richest nigga in my town
Yeah, if you ain't come with your pistol then get from 'round here
Cause I'm the ref. with the whistle, you out of bounds here
And this time on my Sky-dweller say “The crowns near"
Cause it's crowns there, you hear broke niggas talkin' that never sound fair
Be tryna broker and bargain something that's not there
I'm barely sleeping, having million dollar nightmares
I'm right c'here, finna kill 'em, kill 'em all, they shi-shi-shivering
I think they mad I put on my hood, fuckin' Zimmermans
Racist when they tie me down with cases
Cause my hand got dealed all aces, and I make their yearly savings
On the days end, that I stayed in, First year I came in, Pop stars got came in

[Talking: Meek] (laughing)
Hold up, hold up, I don't know I said first year I came in, they got came in

[Rapping: Meek, Verse 3]
Basic bitches can't sit with us
And none of these niggas ain't really rich as us
We swore that that money’ll never get to us
We swore that these bitches'll never get to us
But now I'm feeling like I'm made for this shit
And loyalty go to the grave for this shit
And where the feeling you can't pay for this shit
All my niggas pay for this shit
Cause we already rich and you know I'm the shit
Got fifty niggas with me, they got Rollies on they wrist
Uh, I want everything my niggas want except for the hoes they fuckin'
Roll that window down and nigga we get to bustin'
Who that right there? Turn around they fuss if [?] truckin'
It don't matter, you know how we rockin', we thuggin'
Uh, living this life, getting it right
That shit y'll niggas talk about we did it twice
G-5 eggs in back this the life
Look at my man's wrist there, you see it's bright
Uh, rollie on wrist, ice on neck
21st and Berks, this the whole set
My nigga Dean, he was catchin' wreck
Bending corners on niggas, 50 in the Tec
We got 30 in the Macs, 80 in the Myags..

[Talking: Meek Mills]
(laughing) I can’t...I need like a basic beat

[Rapping: Meek, Verse 4]
[?] thinking how I got here
Locin’ low and tosin’ pussy you was not there
Holdin’ never foldin’, we was on the top tier
Shackled to our ankles, it was like a nightmare
You ever wash out your drawers the same water you shit
Doing your push-ups right on the floor where you piss
Cellies with niggas that went to war with the strip
You gotta rumble with ‘em nighttime down to the mornin’ and shit
I’m trying to tell them...(laughing) they can’t get no more of that right there
(laughing) they can’t get no more of that
I seen a nigga get murdered for a half a bird
Headshot, cat licked his brains off the curb
Before I had this paper always had an urge
To ball in ‘em sixes on them like, Julius served
I moved to the ‘burbs, but I’m still in the hood
And I ain’t gotta rock a vest ‘cause really I’m good
And I should shout out my connects, like really I should
Like Death Row and 9’5, Meek Milly I Suge
But I’m cocky as Pac, ice hockey the watch
Green Mercedes, brown butter be broccoli the drop
‘Cause them winters was cold, the beef from broccoli was hot
We was sellin’ them O’s, still getting watch from the cops
Federal papers, indictments, nothing was righteous
Praying that Papi don’t grow up to be just like us
Praying them people don’t judge us and try to life us
I did it for all my niggas, we ballin’ no they don’t like us
And they wanna kill us, if they could one of the realest
But they can’t find us on a wood watching the Clippers like a Kingpin
(Huh? Yeah) But for this rapping swear to God I just wanted to be a Kingpin

[Talking: Takbar]
At the bottom of the joint put some “Motivational uses only” man
No hatin’ man we wanna see the whole Philly win
Ya'm sayin? Like we wanna see when we out of town
A bunch of niggas from Philly holdin’ it down too man
What part of Philly you from man? Put on it for the whole city man, everybody
Turn up, Put down the guns and pick up some money
(I’mma keep mines and keep the money, yeah you know what I mean)
(I ain’t mad at nothin’ tho)

[Rapping: Meek Mill, verse 5]
Man, you ready?
I think the D.A wanna murder me
As they swore me in I spelled my name nervously
Feeled like I committed perjury
‘Cause this time they talkin’ ‘bout in here, it ain’t me
And next time I bring my son to court so he can see
How they wanna murder his Daddy, I murder the Caddy
When I’m on the roads to the riches no words for the Navi’
Should I make a left or right,? ‘Cause nothing was never right
We’s infatuated with bustin’ guns and sellin’ white
I remember Snupe’s momma called me from the scene
No life in his body, blood on his jeans
Couldn’t believe it, one of the youngest in my regime
Got murdered and I’m feelin’ like it’s ‘cause of me
Was it the fame that I brought to him? Huh?
Or the name that I brought to him?
Man a nigga put a fling, put a torch to ‘em
And I put that on my son, I tried to talk to ‘em
And tell ‘em stay away from murder
R.I.P to my Lil nigga Snupe
Yeah that’s how we rockin’, we rockin’ our Lil Snupe for life nigga
You know how we doin’ it
I said, I said they even killed my homies, they murdered Lil’ Snupe
He was only 18, only one that was a coupe
If you get a job they laugh at you, kill something they salute
That’s the only shit they see, that’s the only shit they do murder
Black clouds, black people, black roses
Young mothers teaching daughters how to bust it open
Babies having babies and them babies having babies man
This shit is lookin’ crazy even birthday was a maybe
Mommy playing daddy role, ‘cause he behind a fence
And she told them he in school ‘cause them kids they in suspense
Man these clouds look grey from this view behind the tent
Good girls that selling pussy, she was due behind the rent
And these kids need shelter, don’t nobody help her
And who am I to judge her, tears of a single mother
And the only thing that scare her, ain’t nobody hear her
So them tears turn black when the touch the mascara
Why I treat my last meal like I treat my last prayer
Very thankful, ‘cause I done had shackles on my ankles
Shackles on my wrist too, I swear that shit was painful
The reflection of your eyes through that picture
I could paint you, like Basquiat, feel a soul from the fascia
Some recite the songs, the religious say the fire hot
And I don’t want to go to hell, but it’s hell on Earth
If I can't pay God with this money, then tell me what it’s worth

[Talking: Meek] Let me get down to these bitches..UHN!

[Rapping: Meek, Verse 6]
I say, I say, Said she want a boss just to sweep her off her feet
Hit her with the D and I can’t keep her off the meat
Keep her off of me and we don’t get to hardly speakin’
We be creepin’ all in weekends, I’m talkin’ freakin’ all in weeks
But I know you still think about when i fucked you
And when I came through with your best friend, crushed you
All white [?] no tint, know I touched you
Tried to give my man some, he ain’t wanna bust you
‘Cause loyalty is royalty, hoes ain’t loyal
You are what you are and I had love for you
Heard you with a baller, hopin’ he enjoy you
Hopin’ he like buying  Louis Vuitton just to spoil you
‘Cause you was like a bill with a drill to my pocket
All these hundred dollar bills in my pocket
I could build my own bad bitch ‘cause i got it
Let you meet my new girl she looks like a Goddess
She could give you gottens and she gon’ give you problems
When she don’t even try to, blame it on your momma, bitch
Or blame it on jail, ‘cause you thought you was poppin'
With your little followers (ha)
She thought she was poppin’ with her little bit of followers, ha
I said my girl fuck a nigga with some money
What I do? Tell her break ‘em, And if a nigga fuck my bitch for free
What I do? Let ‘em take her (You can have that bitch)
‘Cause I got so much money, What I do? I could build ‘em, I could make ‘em
Tummy tucks and ass shots, what we doin’? Flying bitches to Jamaica
Dreamchaser, nigga!
Talk to ‘em!

[Talking: Omelly]
Real niggas back in style man, Guns and butter man, D.C
[Rapping: Omelly]
Uh, Uh, It’s Osama, Twin Llama, from the D.C. camp
Heard you like to run your mouth, you the people’s champ?
All that shit gon’ get your t-shirt damp
A tag on your toe, pussy nigga that’s the D.C. stamp
Carry two’s, with my jewels, you niggas thinkin’ jackpot
Well walk up on me, you gon’ hear that Mac pop (blap!)
(With the ladder in the stashbox) (oh)
(Black Talon that’ll knock down a Sasquatch)

[Rapping: Meek, Verse 7]
Let me talk to these bitches, I said
I said, you was who you was when you got here
And you are who you are, who you not here
Breaking news, shit I think we got a thot here
State to state yeah the ho out here
Talkin’  ‘bout Greystone she be like "I’m there"
Live on Sunday, Tiny and T.I. there (laughing)
I said, I said, Velvet on Sunday (unintelligible)
I said, what I said? I said ATL Saturday tweeting at T.I there
LIV on Sunday TV  that Lebron there
Seen a flyer on Instagram that LeBron there
He ain’t even show up, she ain’t make her mind there
Stevie J on the mic, Meek Milly P my here
That ain’t in the building got Omelly, Coon and Tak here
Now you in my VIP, bitch how you got here?
I took a G-5 here, you had a buddy pass that’s not fair
How the fuck you beat me here? I seen you in Atlanta
I went to Live, you got there ‘fore me and we came in a motherfuckin’ G-5 bitch
(She had a buddy pass, how she get here?)