Throw some motherfuckin' money in the air
Throw some motherfuckin' money in the air
Trigga, let's go
Let's go, let's go
Let's go, let's go
Throw some motherfuckin' money in the air
Throw some motherfuckin' money in the air
Trigga, let's go

Stop. Pose. What's that?
Bend it over quick, throw your butt back
Tuned in for the mill, where the bucks at?
She see me spend a couple mill like fuck that
She wanna ride on it like a bus pass
Give me smart brain and a dumb pack
Go on poke out, thumb tack
Back that ass up I'mma front that
Knock it out the park. Let these other niggas bunt that
Turn the music up, where the club at?
Throw a couple stacks, where the 1's at?
Shout to all the women that know they got that come back
Girl, you got that I can see it from the front back
She said "Damn, they be hatin', where the love at?
I said "Damn that, you looking like you does that."
Hair up, damn, she done brought the fuckin' bun back
Niggas shady, damn, bring the sun back
Beat crazy, damn, bring the drums back
This yo' city, nigga. Damn, how I run that?
Forgot I was a singer, damn, bring the run back
Woo!

[Chorus]
Aye, Check me out doe
I'mma keep it real with you
Aye Check me out doe
I'm just tryin' to chill with you
Aye Check me out doe
I'mma keep it real with you
Che-Check me out
Aye Check me out doe
I'm just tryin' to chill with you
Aye Check me out doe
I'mma keep it real with you
Che-check me out

You say you work hard, where you work at?
Girl I go hard, let me work that
Say you got drive, well reverse that
I'mma beat it up. I'ma, I'mma hurt that

Single momma, yeah yeah I support that
I don't judge baby, I ain't tryin to court that

I don't play baby, I ain't tryin to sport that
Talking 'bout its real when I know somebody bought that

My time money and you niggas can't afford that
Bad bitches in the studio where I record that
Right now and I'm finna pipe down
Once I'm done this verse shit
I'mma kill this pussy I'mma hearse it
I'mma fool with it, super cool with it
Why you snoozin', I got a booze in it
I took her panties and I put a pool in it
The flow stupid, its so stupid

[Chorus]
Uh, check me out doe
I'm in that Ralph Lo
Red bottoms for the models, never Aldo
Catch me ridin', Maserati with the top low
And I get deep up in that pussy, then I outro
Bad bitch and the miles low
Oh, that's your main chick? That's my side ho
She a dime and she a dime so we don't know
When I compare 'em it's like a chevy, a tahoe
Yo trigga' where the hoes?
I'm in the Margielas, they like what are those?
I got them guys jealous cause I'm getting dough
She said she never seen a ghost 'til she was in my rolls
Lookey here, I'mma keep it real with you
Get it clear, I ain't tryin' to chill with you
Give her here so I can put the steel in ya
Now, shorty bust it open for a real nigga

[Chorus]
This right here, this goes out
To all the motherfucking
Getting money bitches in the house
Don't stop let's work let's rock
Don't stop let's work let's rock
Throw some motherfuckin' money in the air
Throw some motherfuckin' money in the air