[Sample: Mike Tyson interview]
I’m the best ever. I’m the most brutal and most vicious and most ruthless champion there’s ever been. There’s no-one can stop me. I’m Alexander, he’s no Alexander. I’m the best ever. There’s never been anybody as ruthless. I’m Sonny Liston. I’m Jack Dempsey. There’s no one like me — I’m from their cloth. There’s no one that can match me. My style is impetuous. My defense is impregnable, and I’m just ferocious. I want your heart. I want to eat his children. Praise be to Allah!

[Intro: Meek Mill]
Yeah!
Gangsta Gri-zillz!

[Verse 1: Meek Mill]
It's a lot of bad bitches in the building, amen (Amen)
Came in the game killing niggas, J-Lin
When it comes to whips, I'm on some shit
I'm probably eight in (Woo!)
And I got that four door Aston Martin on the way in
Y'all niggas come out (Come out), all the hoes stay in (Stay in)
Every time I come out (Come out), movie in the making (Yeah!)
Realest nigga in it all you got to do is say it
If a nigga rap dissing, when I see him I'mma spray him
Like bang, nigga it ain't no game (Game)
Philly niggas ain't the same, step in your lane (Lane!)
Before that chopper hit your brain stay out the frame (Frame!)
Cause when I let it bada-boom, that's bada-bang
Pussy nigga, ahhhh! Right back like I never left
Rollie on my wrist cost a Camaro, yeah, the double-S (Hater!)
Ever since I made a milli, I ain't been in trouble yet
Still walk in the building and go bonkers with a hundred racks
Hundred stacks, hell yeah, hell yeah, fucking right
Boy, I got your favorite singer really tryna fuck tonight (Ha!)
Y'all niggas was sleeping on me, I was really up at night
Tryna chase my dream, now I ball out the team
Man, I lean off of this Phantom (Skrt!)
"I'ma Boss" my anthem (yeah)
MMG my clique, that's why your bitch all on my dick
I got thirty racks in my pocket, I keep thirty shots in my clip
I get thirty racks for my verses, y'all don't get paper like this
I'm getting money, must be Illuminati
They think I signed up
'Cause I just bought a new Ferrari (New Ferrari)
And when I make a hundred I'mma buy a new Bugatti
I be with some Philly niggas, they just trying to shoot somebody
Tell 'em (Tell 'em!), I swear I tried to tell 'em (Tell 'em)
Lampin' in this penthouse, I started from the cellar (Cellar)
And if she want that hammer all up in her I'mma nail her
Word to my nigga, Ricky, we gon kill the game this summer
Ahh!