[Meek Millz:]
Aye, Aye, I said tell mee (k) what's really goin' on
Philly back up in this bitch I'm ready, I'm in my bag
Sound like I turned and hit dem bitches fast
I wake up early in the morning and go get the cash
Erry day on my birthday
I be getting cake BITCH
Niggas talk about me when they see me never say shit
Shout (to) that nigga Puffy cause that Loco got me wasted
Standin' on the top just blackin' out like I'm a racist
Tip be gotta nigga on some fuck a mixtape shit
Diddy gotta a nigga on some drink some Roc straight shit
We at? King and Diamonds? throwin money by the case? (bitch)?
I just came back from jail, and I'm ballin' 'Bron James shit
Same shit no different day
Swagger blow ya bitch away
I been gettin money like my block doin' a brick a day
I know niggas dead broke
But they jus' a lick away
From runnin' in your crib, snatchin' yours, and bein' rich today, hey
Hockey team on my wrist bitch
Tell that ho to grab my dick and treat it like a lipstick
Stunt so fuckin' hard I make my hater have a hiss fit
Nigga you don't feel me you gone (going) smell me like a in scent
I been sick, swine flu
Matter fact no chicken poc
Wonder how he feel I'm fuckin' every single bitch he got
I was at the bottom and I crept up on the tippy top
Shinin' on these niggas like the diamonds in my wrist and watch
I love Nicki Minaj
I swear I admit it
I hope one day I can fuck her just to say I fuckin' hit it
And girl I'm fuckin' serious I lick it 'fore I stick it
If you ever hear this verse I'm on your top jus' like a fitted UHHH
And Philly want dat back
You won't even have a show you be in Philly comin' back
I make sure I save you verses and put you on every track
I swear to god girl I ain't lying I would kill it from the back
Because I'm gone
Yeah I know I"m drawin'
If I can can get her now, then I jus' wait 'til I get on
I don't want you to kiss me, I just wanted to bone, [x2]
And you know I will take you down though
All the way to the ground though
If you wanted to keep your bitch you better not bring her 'round though
If I tell her to hit me
Then you know that she gone (going)
She be screamin' she miss me
'Stead of callin' my phone, (hahaha)
Oh shit
Mother fucker god damn
Mah is you fuckin' or not, like Cam
I'm out Miami in the R A goin'? ham?
P my passenger
? Remy? be stuntin' in the lamb'
My nigga? Cooner? in the lamb' too
Up and down on Collins, bendin' corners like we bamboo
Stuntin' on my old hoes they see me be like damn boo
Call me Jackie Turner all these hoes that I done ran through
I'm gone
I tell them bitches that I'm GONE