[Intro]
I hate funerals, I love life. I hate when I see a whole bunch of people just crying in a funeral on some fake shit. They ain’t really love a nigga while they was there. See I’m a different type of nigga, I wanna be honest with y'all. I need the love now, if y’all motherfuckers gonna be crying and playing thirty minute specials when I’m gone (an hour special that I’m gone) fuck that, love me while I’m here.  Love me while I’m here, I had to tell a bitch

[Hook]
(I want the love) ‘Cause all I see is haters
And this money got these niggas catchin’ favors and I tell ya
(I want the love) ‘Cause all I know is getting money
Knockin’ at the door, I’m like who is it? Bitch I tell ya
(I want the love)

[Verse 1: Puff Daddy]
I’m a rich nigga, I don’t get mad, I just get paper (I don’t)
I don’t catch feelings, I catch flights, that’s brick paper (for what)
For one rider at Bad Boy, that’s one side
These killers with me don’t fuck around, they jump fast like off sides
I’m ‘bout to creep up on the billi, poppin' these bottles like Willy
I know they gon’ hate when I’m here, but when it’s all over they feel me
If you gon' show love when I’m dead, you better off just tryna kill me
‘Cause I’m gon' ball on niggas, and I ain’t talkin’ about you, I hate all ya’ll niggas, ugh!
Ten Birkins for your main ho, I could buy that
Last week I made a hundred mill, you should try that
I’m a real nigga, they all see it, can’t hide that
I’ll touch down in your city, fuck shit up, nigga then fly back!

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Meek Mill]
I wanted the money and wanted the love
Wanted them bitches that wanted the drugs
They wanted the molly and wanted the weed
I walk in the building, get love in the club
Love in the streets, bitch it’s Meek Milly
Them niggas was haters, I love what they was
‘Cause all of that hating was my motivation
Now I got the paper, it was what it was
It is what it is, look at me now
Living the life and I'm fucking these hoes
Niggas that hate me still come to my shows
Shawty ain’t ready to fuck up my Rose, give a fuck if I go
Straight to the money and back to the hood where they takin’ that money
We package the good and we break up that money
You act like you good, better save you some money (hater)

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Meek Mill & (Puff Daddy)]
All the hoes gon' love me, (and all the suckers gon' hate too)
(Been trill like Bun B, can't name nothin' I ain't do)
We race to Vegas on jets from Miami, Vegas went back
And I did Liv in the same night, (woke up, lil' nigga, what's next?)
Since more money, power, respect, (most these niggas probably in debt)
(Back when Michael Jackson was moonwalkin', I was still cutting them checks)
And I still come through my set, shit, (and they ain't showing love yet? Shit)
(It's mo' money, mo' problems, what my nigga Big said best)

[Hook]