[Intro]
Niggas tried to crucify me
We ain't never gon' stop
We come from the motherfucking dirt, you can't bury me, nigga

[Verse 1]
'Member niggas tried to bury me
Kept it real, now they mad at me
Thought the memes would embarrass me
But I done really been through tragedy
Middle of the jungle where the killers rumble
Hold the chopper up with accuracy
Knock the power out his battery
Make his mama feel the agony
When it's beef, who gon' really ride?
Play it neutral, nigga switchin' sides
Niggas worser than these ho bitches
They don't really know whose dick to ride
In the Bentley with the stick inside
I can't lose my life in the field
Gotta pay the lights and the bills
I ain't got time for a cell
They threw the book at the kid (the kid)
You really can look what they did (they did)
That shit just made me a monster
I took the book and I ran
I got niggas takin' real L's
Gave 'em life and they booked in the fed
I put a stack on their phone
I fill their books up with bread
Oodles and noodles for breakfast
Made me so young and so reckless
Come up and they ain't expecting it
I'm 'bout to teach 'em a lesson
I'm the one that taught the youngins
When you come from nothin', niggas gon' respect you (they did)
From the muscle, now we flexin'
Fuck it up and then we exit

[Hook]
They know I'ma ride for this shit
They know I'ma die for this shit
I had to get me some money (some money)
And I put the squad on this shit (I did)
Remember they said I would lose (remember?)
Them niggas was poppin' and shit (they what?)
So fuck 'em, we breaking the rules (rules)
I'm like LeBron in this shit
Ho!

[Verse 2]
Came back off of three to one (three to one)
Who thought that I'd be the one? (who?)
In the darkness, I can see the sun
Heard 'em comin', they ain't even come (pussy)
I put fear in these niggas' heart (pussies)
I can hear when these niggas talk (pussies)
I can hear when they hatin' on me (pussies)
Still playin' with a bigger heart (ho)
Fuck it, I'ma take the high road (high road)
Kill these niggas with my eyes closed
Out in Cali with my vatos
Wrap the chicken like a gyro
I've been trappin' since like '05
Gettin' it and duckin' 5-0
They ain't even never see the paper
That's Dorito, paper, boy that's nachos
On the 'Gram, like it lit (You ain't lit)
Punch your man, he's a snitch (You a rat)
Put some money on a nigga head
Last time I made a hit (bad)
I've been chillin' tryna get the bread
Try play me like vic (Suckers!)
Did him dirty out the rip (prrrr)
I ain't even wanna trip (ho)
Bullet holes in your car door (car door)
Just to let you know the war is on (war is on)
In my hood it's like a warzone (yeah)
Niggas really gettin' sparked on (yeah)
Young nigga tryna make it out (make it out)
Used to have to get our starve on
Brought the richest to the baddest bitches
Now I'm pullin' Wraiths with the stars on

[Hook]
They know I'ma ride for this shit
They know I'ma die for this shit
I had to get me some money (some money)
And I put the squad on this shit (I did)
Remember they said I would lose (remember?)
Them niggas was poppin' and shit (they what?)
So fuck 'em, we breaking the rules (rules)
I'm like LeBron in this shit
Ho!