[Hook: Yo Gotti]
Big wheels on my Phantom, got it sittin' crooked
3 birds for a show, nigga gon' book it
I’m LeBron James, you a fuckin' rookie
You probably want a ticket I’mma go and book it
Book it, book it
Book it, book it
I’mma go and book it
Big dollars in my pocket, got me sittin' crooked

[Verse 1: Yo Gotti]
100 racks in my pocket, I can’t even walk
50 hitters with me nigga, I set it off
Poppin' bottles, blowing money, I’m just having fun
Me and my niggas fresh to death, upper echelon
I got buckles on my shoes and they gold bitch
Open my doors in reverse, this that Rolls bitch
CMG Bentley coupe, that’s a cold kit
See the bird, double R, that’s some cold shit
All I rock is white, them on my old shit
All my niggas solid, all my hoes thick
DJ drop that Gotti, this that dope boy shit
Smelling like a bag, I’m looking like a brick

[Hook: Yo Gotti]

[Verse 2: Yo Gotti]
They say I signed to Tip, I say when I do that
Me and Tip, we’re conversating bout where them choppas at (bang bang)
I be where them goonies and them robbers at (I am)
So when you see that Phantom dog don't follow that
Ridin' in a rental, gettin' that pack off
Fish scale yay I call it bath salts
Trap doing good, I can’t complain
It's been a damn good month, I moved like 20 things
Then went and bought that new Jeep, that SRT
Yo ho suck dick on sight, ASAP
Just got a yellow AP and that bitch nasty
When I popped out my second week I coulda bought a Aston

[Hook: Yo Gotti]

[Verse 3 Meek Mill]
I got all this cash, my bitch she got all this ass (facts!)
I remember being broke a pistol all i had (strapped!)
My homie said he want them bricks i said put em on my tab (lets get it!)
A quarter milie for the cheque really thats all your stash!
Nigga we fly high, that G5 cost two bricks nigga! (bricks!)
41 ride, and i spent that, to scoop your bitch nigga! (your bitch!)
And we flew private so you know we brought some shit with us
No check from TSA my dawg gonna bring them bricks with us!
I touch down in niggas city like i own that
Baddest bitch she's on TV bet i bonned that
These niggas rattin living life and ya'll condone that (wtf!)
And niggas screaming they're the king well where your throne at? Pussy!

[Hook: Yo Gotti]